VOLUME XCVI— NO. 94.
THE WEATE5B.
rcrec»st mad* at San Fran
cisco for thirty boors endlaff
mldclirJit. September 3:
. Saa rraaclsco and yiclalty—
Fair Friday; lisrht south west
winds la the aerninr: t^rlsk
westerly, vlsfls-ln the afternoon,
with for a. o. moadh!.
Dlertrict Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, -1904.
LONDON, Sept 1.— King Edward
has approved the appointment of Earl
Grey to be -Governor General of Can
ada in succession to the Earl ot Minto.
EL\RL« GREY'S /-APPOINTMENT
IS APPROVED BY EDWARD
Protects -His: Mother From' a Beating
arid His Action Is' Praised by •
tlie Court: '¦
. YORK, Pa.. Sept.\1.—Judge.Bittin
ger to-day- imposed a fine of, one cent
upon" William Brillhart for assault and
battery^ j .' ' . '
Brillhart was charged with having
whipped., his father. He explained
that his father .was beating his mother
when -he interfered. The .Judge told
the. young man he had displayed ths
proper spirit.
"I would give him a sound thrash
ing myself." said the Judge, "if I were
thirty years, younger. You may pay a
fine of one cent* and undergo no other
BOY FINED. ONE. CENT.
J;i FOR THRASHING-FATHER
The leader. Chief Ignacio. claims
the Interior Department has re
peatedly broken faith with : his peo
ple and that none of the-.treaties made
with them are being lived up to." He
asserts that the ; Indians are, not re
ceiving enough ration allowance to
live on and the Irrigation ditches
promised have not even. been started.
The Indians predict a long and cold
winter and declare they will get
enough food if they have to fight for
it. Superintendent W. M. Peterson of
the Fort Lewis School has gone to
Xavajo to make an investigation.
DURAXGO/ Colo.. Sept. 1.— A re
port has reached here that the >Win
nemuche Ute • Indians at Navajo
threaten to revolt if not accorded bet
ter treatment by the Federal Govern
ment. ". v :
Has Repeatedly Broken Faith
With His People.
I>ndcr Claims Interior Department
UTE INDIANS AT XAVAJO
THREATEN TO" REVOLT
Yimkee Skipper. Unaware of
. Hostilities; Huns Into Dan
ger- in Port of Yokohama
Captain Rivers says It is the general
opinion in the Far East that
trouble between Japan and the United
States over the Philippines will. soon
follow naturally In case the Japanese
wh!i> the Russians.
fctea'rnsMps. The American skipper
;«iid not suspect there was any out-
V'rcak of h'cstilities between Japan and
•huKsia until a shot, from one of the
forts whistled across his bow. A Jap
'ehese dispatch boat came out and pl
lolea the clipper clear of the mines
yt nich had been, laid In the. harbor.
\ ¦ Two Russians were in the crew of
the. clipper. The doggedness of the
Japanese pilot in going into the har
bor without waiting for a dispatch
hnat afterward convinced the Amer
icans that the Japanese pilot had In
tended to sail over a mine and blow
the two Russians to kingdom come.
.'."Oapiain Rivers began at New York
the \\oy-age just ended here. He reached
Yokohama, on Februar> r 18 last, took
cfcxjifrd * Japanese pilot and went in
under. -full sail in the wake of two
-PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 1.— After
rEaving" "girdled the globe twenty times-,
fjCStpjfairt -i) v H. Rivers has reached here
fn ; )in YQkohafr.a -and Hawaii in the
Vljpper ship A. .G. Roper. He brings
:Ci;000 bags of raw eugar.
..The. Veteran" Ekipper has sailed
around. Cape. Horn fifty times. He e.x
-j"'-cts to course the- seas for many
.: fajs-to- come. -
Er«d«l DlFpatch to The Call
' The following statement -was ob
tajned from the- War Office at 10
o'clock Thursday night: ¦
"General Kuroki's armv crossed in
force to the right bank of the Taltse
River and it therefore became neces
sary for the Russians to be in a posi
tion to repel a blow in this direction/ i
"In . view of this development in the
operations General Kuropatkin decided
to abandon -his positions on the left
bank and to concentrate"' his whole
army on the other side of the river."
This position is the stronger both in
character and in site. The, great issue
will be finally decided there.
"By withdrawing to this position the
Russian army avoids the danger of be
ing divided by the river, and enjoys the
advantage of- compactness.
"General Kuropatkin's move, there
fore, is not ' to be considered as a re
treat, but rather as the carrying out of
a well-defined idea."/ ,';
- The withdrawal of the Russians to
the right' bank involved the'abandon
'ment of Liaoyang, which is situated "on
the left bank. The Japanese took ad
vantage^of this to occupy the city/ but
the sternest part of the fighting is still
before them.7 unless ,(3aneral -Kuropat
kin decides, * at* the ; last hour, to ' ajaln
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 2, 1:26 a.
m. — The news of the .evacuation of
Liaoyang and the withdrawal of the
Russian army to the right bank of the
Taitee River reached only 'a small sec
tion of the people of St. Petersburg at
a late hour and caused Intense excite
ment .and'- disappointment.
The majority of the Inhabitants re
tired to' rest/ believing that Russian
arms had again been, successful and
that the Japanese had been re
pelled. Ugly suspicions, however, have
been rife during the day owing to the
absence of press telegrams from Liao
yang, leading to the belief .that the
communications had been cut by Gen
eral Kuroki.
Jllf m SAVE
' CLIPPER SHIP
The leaders the excursion party
did' not hesitate t to .sky ! that they
thought the ,. President , had slighted
them. The. secret service force was
doubled, about Sagamore Hill while the
negroes were here. - ,-. . * f L '• ;-
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Sept. l.-Two
negroes -were drowned here . to-day
while on an -excursion from Brooklyn.
' This was the climaoc to many, troubles
which befell the excursionists of a col
ored business men's association of
Kings , County. ¦ They came to Oyster
Bay • 500 strong and were j indignant
when they ascertained that the Presi
dent would not give the slightest recog
nition to them. They had sent a dele
gation in advance to ask if the Presi
dent would not receive them' at Saga
more' Hill. This was. denied.-
Then the negroes asked if the Presi
dent • could i not informally call' to see
them down In the village of Oyster Bay
on their picnic grounds. The President
was too busy: '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Papers received # to-day from Asun
cion report that ail the. public schools
s.te closed and that, owing to the
scarcity of food, the price <Jf bread and
biscuits is $1 per kilogram. •
BUENOS AYRES, Sept. 1.— The
Paraguayan revolutionists have" cap
tured Villa Cqncepcion and 400 men,
v.'ith arms and ammunition.
Tire revolutionists now refuse all the
terms offered them by the Government
and an attack on the capital is be
lieved to be imminent. Argentine has
refused to recognize the insurgents as
belligerents. '
War Bulletin.
Continued on Page" 2 f Col unm 3.
.'Guessing as to Port Arthur's ; FalL ,
; ..TQKIO. ; Sept. ;i:~P. ppulari estimates
of. the 'date, of the ifali'of jPort Arthur
incline 1 to the • last week ; in • September.'
¦¦_- The Japanese repeated the. attempt to
.throw -pontoons across^the Taitse near
Liaoyang; during the. night- of August
31 ,"t again under cover of a .bombard
ment,' and thi3 attempt was successful.
. Severe' fighting may; therefore .be^ex
pected r Immediately .'northeast of* the
city^. .,.:.. :....> Z'C L ..'... . ¦ r
'•; Kuropatkin' heard-of the passage of
the' .Taitse at'SakarikankVantun after
(S^o'clock on the evening of August 31,
and ..immediately' gave orders "for, his
men to fall, back on the outer positions.
This "move is 'explained by the desire to
collect a strong force' with, which to"re
pel a' flanking" 'movement, from the
northeast.;' .'.-, . ' ¦ > .. .-' , , \
> General Kuropatkin- was unable i to
prevent' the r passage, owing to the dis
tance- from Liaoyangv about- twenty
miles, but ; for the same reason the-Jap
anese were unable ¦ to '¦ bring-' the 'forces
which gained the 'right bank immedi
ately into action. " ; ' : ;
. 'The efforts of the Japanese to cross
the : river, on: August 30; were, not suc
cessful, ;and General . Kuroki therefore
ordered a portion of. his, army to ford
it at-Sakankankwantun. . »V . ' ¦ .,
LIAOYANG. Sept. 1.— General Ku
roki. made "his successful attempt., to
cross the Taitse River late this even
ing,- under cover of a" heavy bombard
ment of the extreme Russian left. The
Japanese, artillery, which has been fir
ing uninterruptedly for fourteen hours,
ceased at; daylight this . morning, and
then. resumed at 11 o'clock, to conceal
Kuroki's preparations for, crossing the
river. These preparations necessitated
the'establishment of a pontoon' bridge,
as the river was not fordable* lower
than Sakankankwantun. 'and ; th6 pon
toons must'have been floated -down the
stream. •' • '¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ .• »
fall back to the northward. It is more
than, likely, however", th'^t: he. will- de
cide to flght' to a flnish. ,The : cards are
all in his favor.' it.is believed/ now that
he has the Japanese divided by the riv
er,, thus ¦.effectually i turning the tables
¥pon hi3 v f6e. .' _ ' , .
The determined^pursuit by the Jap-"
ahe'seYbfJ the Russian outDosts when
General • Kuropatkin .'gave the ) first or-'
TOIvIO. Sent. 2.; — The Japanese left
began- pressing the Russians 'toward
Tatzho nt dawn this (Friday) ihom
ing. The right ,is [engaged
in the neighborhood of . HciTlngtai.'
The Japanese casualties 'since' August
29 are ; ofnclally estimated at 10,000.
TOKIO. v Sept." 2.^-A Russian steam-'
s!:i[V engaged in clearing the channel
at Port 'Arthur struck ainlne and. was
destroyed- on. Wednesday. . .
•»• — i ¦ — — : ¦ : — — "¦ — •}•_
MIJKDKX, Wednesday, Aug. 31.—
A Japanese force of lOjOOO is reported
to -be advancing: from the northeast
uron Mukden. . .:, r ' . . .
MUKDEN, Scpt.'l; 0:27 p. m.— -The
train servlpri .between i Mukden-.- and
Llaoyang ¦ is interrupted The roads
are impassable. . . ,
. LON DON, : Sept - 2.— A special dis
patch froiii" St. Petersburg,, which is
not confirmed from, nny other source,
reports that Cencral ¦ ILinevitch from
Vladivostok •' is ; within V two ''days'
march of Mukden, . with? 30,000 Itus
sia n- troops/ _ ,\ ¦ .
LONDON, Sept. 2.— -The Daily Mail's
Kupantse correspondent says' that
25^000 Japanese ; are en route from
Dulny to HnU'heiig by railway. .'Orig
inally the} 1 were intended, to reinforce,
the besiegers, of. Tort Arthur; but
FJrlil Marshal Oyama. was satisfied
tlint tlicy M'ere not required there and
therefore sent them north.
Kuroki Throws His
Forces Across
the Taitse.
Armies' Fate Rests
on To-Day's
Combat
Nep Army Fails
to Reacli tlie
President
Capture Villa Con
ception and. Its
Garrison,
|' JAPANESE STORMING THE SHELTER TRENCHES OF GENERAL STAKELBERG'S RUSSIAN FORCE. . j
OYSTER BAY
REPELS AN
INVASION
PARAGUAY'S
REBELS ARE
ADVANCING
Kiefer— It may kill her Instantly and
she may linger for a short time — you
cannot always tell.
Schaffer— When shall I give it to her?
Kiefer— Give her a. capsule at 8
o'clock to-morrow morning. ¦. . • .
Schaffer — Then I had better go down
town early, so that I will be away.
They will call me. by telephone and I
will call you right away. Doc. so you
can be there.
Kiefer— How do you 'stand with the
Coroner, Schaffer? \
Schaffer— I do not know, but I think
I can fix that all right. You will be
the physician and you can tell him
.she died of heart trouble.
' Kiefer— Yes, I will tell him I have
been attending her for a year for
rheumatism of the heart and he will
take my word.
SCHAFFER IS ARRESTED.
These arrangements having . been
completed. Schaffer left with the cap
sules, which he supposed contained
poison. ' •
At about 8:30 o'clock this, morning
and about the time Schaffer expected
his wife to die he was arrested and
taken to the -police headquarters,
where, confronted by the detectives and
doctors, he made a partial admission as
to the correctness of their statements.
After a conference between the county
and city prosecutors Schaffer was
finally released, he having committed
no act. they said, for which punish
ment is provided by the statutes of this
State.
Schaffer is the father of four crown
children, one! married,
Kiefer— All right. Schaffer; this is my
first job and It will be the last, but* I
need the moneys- . '
Schaffer (pointing . to his mouth) —
Mum's the word. Doc- How. long will
it take to kill her? ..- ¦
The. conversation which- -.took place,
according to Detectives Neidergall and
Kincaid, was as follows: "• ¦'•."
Schaffer— Doctor,! have this capsules.
" DAYTON, Ohio, Sept. 1,— A cold
blooded death bargain In which Frank
Schaffer, a prominent and wealthy
business man, arranged through the
pretended connivance of the family
physician to kill .his -wife, developed'
through police channels today, follow
ing the arrest of the. would-be mur
derer. ¦ -
Schaffer is 54 years of age.. the presi
dent of an envelope company and for
merly owned and managed a number
of retail groceries under the name' of'
the Cincinnati Grocery Company. His
alleged desire to wed a girl in the em
ploy of the envelope company and with
whom Schaffer, it is said, was madjy
in love bred the desire to- get rttl-of
his wife. 'J ;:.-••.
According . to the story told, toy Dr.
Charles A. Kiefer, Schaffer's family
physician. Schaffer •went to the doctor
and proposed to give him the sum of
5300 if he, the doctor, would, poison -or
otherwise kill Schaffer's ' wife. Dr.
Kiefer pretended to agree to. the -bar
gain, but he said he., would not pre
scribe the poison himself but .would
arrange. with Dr. J. Q. Adarns for the
deadly drug, " \ : . ' • ';'-,-.[
in the meantime Dr;: Klefer advised
Dr. Adams and the .two agreed upon
a programme of dispensing 1 a harmless
drug to the intended victim. The police
also were advised of '.the scheme.' •
Two detectives were " secreted la an
adjoining; room on Wednesday night
when the final arrangements In the
death bargain were made Between the
doctor. and Schaffer and the harmless
tablets were given the. latter.'to admin
ister to his wife. The first of;these was
to have been given this mornjng.
MURDER IS PJjANNED. ' '
Special DlspatcS to Tha CalL
FC'RTLANP. Or... Sept. i. — A 19-'
•year-old youth giving the -nam» -of
Charles TV". Walton and San Francisco
"as- /his place 'of residence, to-night held
iip a ' street car pri " the Willamette
Heights brMSf.- Whilo trying: to escape
arffft h". shot Officer O. Kelson; Who
-was riding on the front platform <H the
¦¦'¦< af. It is believed the policeman will
:^-- : .: ¦;;"•;.. :.-;..• -y. ¦-.¦¦•¦ • : :
: The car, empty' 'Of -.passengers other
thjntbe policeman, was running to
ward : thi-s : city over the. .high bridge
when Walton swung upon- the rear
p:latt"ornV. ¦ grabbed Conductor Johnson's
r.^riey.' box and then ordered him to
"Vpfd: the front of the car. Walton
carried. a pistol, had an open knife in
h'lf- •poCk.r.t and wore a handkerchief as
a '.'mask; '¦[¦' :- •• '• .-." ' ' ¦
:. ¦ p^licejna ri ?Celson ¦ looked through the
curtain,- saw -what was happening .and
ftart<=d: ir.Fide.'.-. Motdrrhan '. Bingham
¦f^Hovied just as Nelson threw Walton
to the floor. The three- men rolled out
on the- front platform. Walton fighting:
¦yigorous'y. ..Walton tifen discharged' his
pistol- twicK both shots taking effect
in jlhe .policeman!? abdomen.. Motorman
Rih^harh ' thsn beat . Walton .with a
•rrrotor crank- iint.il he 'was unconscious.
J±_ fecjtiess', rid.e/'f .half- a mile brought
t|ie;.Gar'.ti6fa;hospIta.L -
BUigham feels certarri that Walton is
. tfr»" , r.ob'ber ¦ w-ho. recently 'held up his
car- an. Portland Heights. '. .
. .Trkltbrj, was never out of sight
•of -_th^ raf 'men,' Had the 'effrontery to
ie!l xhk notice: thatlje had boarded the
ea r /a s; a : '.passenger attd had'-been as-
: :'.. ,.' : .-¦¦ ; ¦- .
FJ-*ci«l DiEr»teb to The CtM
Doctor Secretes Detectives in an Adjoin
ing Room to Overhear the
j> Negotiations.
Frisoner Gijtco thV Nami of Charles
";W.: Walton 'and San -.Francisco
;-\ as His Place of. Residence.. . ;
Fatally Wounds Policeman
Arranges Witli P&ysician
for the Poisoning ol . '
His Spouse- . .
Ricli OWoan Makes
Cold Blooded i
Contract. ¦
Masked Youth Tries
Portland.
BARGAINS
FOR DEATH
OF WIFE
BOLD THUG
HOLDS UP
CONDUCTOR
MUKDEN, Sept. 1.— General Kuropatkin'. has abandoned .his heavily fortified position at Liaoy^ng and retired with his entire army to the north bank of the Taitse River to meet
the advance of General Kuroki, who crossed the Taitse-twenty miles to the eastward andjat once advanced to-cut the -Russian-line of communications. The fate of the Russian arrriy
hinges on the result of the battle with Kuroki's legions. Should the Russian arms triutnph, Kuroki would in .turn be placed in a critical position, as the Japanese forces are .now
divided. Communication with Kunopatkin's headquarters has been interrupted since nightfall and it is believed that Japanese scouts have succeeded in cutting the wires.
SLAVS FORCED TO ABANDON LIAOYANG
BY KUROKTS BOLD FLANK MOVEMENT
j| THE TK2ATZBS.
Alcaiar — "Hathan Halo."
h California— "Tes« of tha DTTr-
ferrules."
"Central— The Plrst Bori."
Columbia — "Candida" and "Tie
Kan of Deitlny."
riacher's — "Anheuser Push."
Grand — "Under Two Plaars."
Orpheam— VandcvlUe.
Tivoli— "The Toreador."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.. Correspondents of th'el t)aily .Chron-*-
Icle and the Dally Mail assert that
j^~IiONpON, r ; Sept. 2.— Thifik-TOorning's
comment .upon-, the i dis-^
ip^^h'-from Mukden sayihpythat .the
''train service between 'Mukden and
iiijibyarig is interrupted' ahdNthat the^
*.r'6ads are impassable, as -the; most im-
'por tant ; ne\vs from the seat of hos
tilities in the Far East.and say that
{there/ is only one meaning Uo it— that
the" Japanese have : seized f the ' raihyay
between"; Liaoyang and \ Mukden. , ;
(.Taiwanese Believed to Have Severed
.-tA.vKuropatldn's Conuininications.
'"- HAVE CUT THE RAILKOAD.
Field Marshal Oyama's: right at
tacked a heavy force of Russians in
the vicinity i of Heiyingtai, twelve"
miles northeast of/ Liaoyang," at 11
o'clock on Thursday. His left began
at dawn to-day, pressing the "Russians
toward Tatzho. It .is believed., that
he will severely punish the Russians.
The Japanese casualties in the Llao-,
yang engagement have not yet been
ascertained officially. It. is announced
that they willnot exceed 10,0D0l*
TOKIO. Sept. 2, 10 a. m.— The Rus
sians began to retreat on right
center from Liaoyang early Thursday.
They were thrown Into great • con
fusion, while attempting to . cross to
the right bank of "the- Taitse * River.
The . Japanese,' pursuing them vigor
ously, seized'a Russian- cannon, which
they used to shell the Liaoyang rail
way station: . ' : . *
O jama's Left Wins Is Pressing Back
'the Russian Foe..
BATTLE RESUMED TO-DAYl
ST. PETERSBURG, , Sept. 1.— The
battle yesterday was' of the;most'des
perate character. It raged 'continu-,
ously t from dawn until taiidriight ' and
the -slaughter must have been Immense.
At 8 o'clock In the evening, after, holdr
ing his outer positions all day in the
face of the most desperate charges,
General Kuropatkin gave the order to
retire upon the main works about, the
city. The Japanese assaults during the
day had been directed 'principally
against the Russian 'center," a little east
of Mactung Hill; near the railroad, and
three miles southwest of Llaoyahg. '
Nothing approaching the severity, of
the infantry and artillery fife here had
been heretofore experienced in "this
war. . General Kondratsvlich's division
bore the brunt and suffered the most.
Bayonet charges succeeded one an
other in rapid succession, while the' ar-'
tillery duel never ceased for a moment.
¦ No attempt was made in the official
advices to estimate the number of guns
the* Japanese used, except , : that [%, they,
had many hundreds. Each ; gun carHe3'
150 charges and these must have been
expended many . times, as i several hun
dred thousand shells were fired between
sunrise and sunset. \
General Kuropatkin's order, to" fall,
¦^ackon the fortifications probabiy"'*was"
to the receipt of information^ 'tha-t*
the Japanese had succeeded in'crossing;^
the* Taitse River northeast of.;, Liao?^
-yang,' although Generals ' Reriheiitf
kampf's and Mandarll^ff^S'.'divisiona'
had^been especially placed' in poslUbh;'
Horrible Device of Retreating Rus
sians Finds' Many Victims. • .;-
JAPANESE IMPALED IN PITS.
"After. midday .the Japanese con
centrated th6 strength" of all their ar
tillery fire'agaist hill .No. 98 and, the
village of Maetum, endeavoring^ to
break into our left At -the same time
they viciously attacked our Vest line,
to the right of the hill.
•'Attack followed attack for three
hours. Between 2 and 5 o'clock In the
afternoon we repulsed three headlong
charges against our line. After this
the Japanese, with the strength of all
their batteries, Opened fire along the
whole southern front; but this attack,
too, * was driven * back with what
seemed tremendous loss, although it
was impossible to tell clearly what' oc
curred amid the shell fire and fighting.
The roar of siege guns, mortar bat
teries and mixed .volley firing went on
until darkness set in.'
"To the north a storm accompanied
by thunder and lightning broke, while
along the front thousands of shells
were bursting constantly. It seemed
like a magnificent display of fireworks.
"As a result of the exhausting ef
forts on the part of the Japanese our
position on the eastern .'front is- 1 be
coming stronger."
¦LIAOYAXG, Wednesday, Aug. 31—
A Russian correspondent sends the
following from .the, south-east front:
>j
Hail of Bursting Shells During a
.;- .Thunder Storm at Night.-
LIKE A FIREWORKS DISPLAY.
¦ "General Kuroki is constructing a'
pqtitopnr' bridge at a fowl;' crossing the
Taitse River." ¦ ; ;-? ;
"The Japanese left a number of
de'ad:^ After each . bayonet engagement
ouritroops found time to dig pits In the?
fields of Chinese corn In front of some'
of our positions. These in,' some cases^
were completely filled cwith Japanese
corpses. ;.T-he/e,nemy's losses 'must have,
been." enormous. Ours j have not yet
been^eyen^approximately computed, but
they. are. large. A corisiderable number,
of Japanese arms f ell : into Tour hands. ;
i "The,; night passed quietly. Up to .6
b'clpck-thls morning therej has been no
movement on either side. -4 \
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 1.— General
Sakharoff, in a dispatch tothe general
staff, dated to-day, on yesterday's
fighting, says: ; r
"A portion of General Kuroki's .force
has crossed to the right bank of the
Taitse River at Sakankankwantun. A
division of' Infantry, with cavalry and
artillery, crossed first and covered the
advance of another detachment. After
folding' the" river the Japanese "ad
vanced toward Liaoyang in two bodies,
one due west and the other by way of
the Yontai mines.
"There* was fighting between the two
armies all day long, especially between
8 o'clock and midnight, after which the
fire, slackened. As on the previous day
the ''fighting ended ;with complete suc
cess for us., The Russians maintained
all, their positions,! General Kondrat
enko's detachment- specially, distin
guishing itself.
/ "During the last* few hours of the
J^the Japanese fired an . immense
number of projectiles and the Russian'
positions .were searched bv the | Jap
anese, shrapnel. " The Russians maln^
tained a stubborn" {'defe'ns'e'l the .whole
'day. Our troops all day long .were ex
posed to a hall; of sbrapnel but defend
ed the positions entrusted to them with
desperate bravery. V ¦/'• :-, \\ ;«
¦¦ "After preparing' ; for the; assault
with artillery the Japanese 'repeatedly
attacked ' our -positions. '.¦) Some' : of ~our
advanced' fortifications 'passed into
their hands after a stubborn defense. ,
They however, each; time recap
tured by us at the point "of* the bayo
net.- ">-'.¦- . ' "¦ "" -'¦•.'", ¦¦:.':¦"'
Buttle of Wednesday.
SakhiirofTs Official . Renort of the
CLAIMS RUSSIAN .VICTORY.
• The Independent, under (charter: td
the Osaka Steamship Company to.
convey food supplies from Japan to
Newchwang. was detained wheji-""8he
entered Chefu by the Chinese customs
authorities "on -the ":grqund that '••he
violated the neutrality 6t the port.
She carried "contraband of wax.. •' The
question of what should be done with
her was referred to Sir Robert- Hart
PARIS, Sept. 1. —^Advices received
at the Foreign Office here from Sai
gon, French Indo-China, to-day say
that the Russian cruiser Diana, which
arrived on August 20, -following the
naval battle off Port Arthur on August
10, is still at Saigon. She has not yet
entered the dock for repairs. Final
orders from the Russian admiralty
are expected to reach the Diana soon.
France Yet Harbors the. Diana.
CHEFU,. Sept: l.-r-Slr Robert Bart,
chief, of the Chinese marine custonia
service, has decided that' the steana-r
ship Independent be allowed • to-pro
ceed to Xewchwang unhamperedi •" •'
DECIDES TN~ JAPAN'S . FAVOR.''
Sir Robert Hart Orders the Release: of
tlie Independent.- . " , • ".. •. .
j 'TSINGTAU.-Sept r 2, 9 a. nu—Cap
tain .Hoffman of the; German, gunboat
Tiger Yha's; returned, here after an un
successful-search for the missing- junk
carrying Lieutenant Gilgenheim" and
Lieutenant- 4e CouveryilleV the Ger
man t and 'French naval- attaches,
which left Port Arthur the middle of
August. Captain -Hoffman saw noth
ing of -the junk and every hope for
the safety of Lieutenants Gilgenheim
and De Couveryille has been aban
doned. ' " / ' •! "
SEARCH SEEMS HOPELESS.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 1.— Repair worjk
on the Russian, cruiser Askold and the
torpedorboat destroyer Grozovoi. , has
been stopped, by the order of the Brit
ish Minister,, the ddck at which the
repairs are being made being ovned
by British citizens. V-' ";¦ '•".: ¦
China has ordered that the ' paroled,
crews of. the Askofd and Groapvoi ' re
turn, to Russia, • The Japanese Con
sul to-day notified the Consuls of : neu'-
tral nations that any ship- leaving, port
with the crews of the Askold and Gro
zovpi aboard will bte captured 1)y. tho
Japanese warshljjs still • outside th«
harbor of Shanghai; • ; ." ..;•".¦ -
Retnrn to -Russia.
JAPAN VKTOES CHINA'S ORDER
Will Not Permit Paroled Seamen to
PRINCE TO BE. COURTMARTIALED
... PARIS,.: Sept. 2.— The correspond
ent at St. Petersburg of the Echo <le
Paris says that at a council of admir
als presided over . by High Admiral
Grand Duke Alexis it was decided that
Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky be
courtmartialed for having disobeyed
the order not to return to Port Ar
thur. The court will sit a€ Vladivos
tok, Viceroy Alexieff presiding.-
The right and center of the right
wing, ' with . its main strength,; com
menced 'a- movement .at 11 o'clock on
the night' of August 30, crossing the
Taitse River near Lientaowan and ad
vanced toward Huangkufen. It is be
lleved'that it occupied a line' extending!
from Hanjalaaui to .Tzuatuo, but de
tails; of the movement have r not been
reported. . .. fS^r --•.-.*' i'*'-
The Russian artillery fire asainst the
right column of the Japanese center
abated somewhat yesterday. The in
fantry fight continued unabated. The
Japanese held their positions. „"•• .-
The left -column of the center was
vigorously engaged from Wednesday
morning throughout the j day, but Its
efforts to dislodge the Russians failed.
The right column of ' the left wing
resumed the attack on Wednesday
morning. ' Several assaults proved fu
tile and the' Japanese troops were
beaten back finally. Being- reinforced,
they again advanced and secured a
position at noon on an eminence south-
TOKIO, Sept. 1, 8 p.. m.— Additional
details of the fighting at Liaoyang,
which . are arriving here, clearly indi
cate its desperate character. . -../.-
The Japanese have changed the
method of numbering • their armies
since their union, calling General
Kuroki's army the right, General
Nodzu's the center and General Oku's
the left. ;' : ;"" V :
A portion of the left column of the
right wing, after dislodging the Rus
sians occupying an eminence north of
Hsuchlakou toward evening on August
SO, was exposed to violent attack by
the reinforced Russians and retired
during the night to a ridge south of
Hsuchiakcm, where it held its position.
The Russians prepared to follow up
their attack, but desisted. ->. :'.:' Tv .'-. v
Hurled Back Repeatedly Only to Rer
lcntlessly Return to the Charge.
JAPANESE KNOW XO DEFEAT.
. LONDON,. Sept. 2.— The Dally
Mail's Shanghai .correspondent says
that Chaplain Okonotzschinqff of the
Russian cruiser .Rurlk has ar
rived , here. The chaplain says that
after a vain attempt to repair the Ku
rik's rudder. Junior Lieutenant Ivan
off, who succeeded to the command o"
the Rurik, tried to blow up the vesel,
but that all the fuses were destroyed
and that he then opened the seacocks.
The wounded, he says, were placed on
cork mattresses and .thrown . over
board, the other .. survivors followed
and the cruiser., sank, turning com
pletely over. . ,. _ . . /
RURIK SUNK BY. HER CREW.
ST.- PETERSBURG. .Sept; 1.— Th.»
Emperor has received: the following,
dispatch . fro.m General StoesseL .com-:
manding'the Russiah troops at Port
Arthur, dated August r 26 : - ' " . • I • • .'¦¦
"The gracious telegrams of .'". your
Majesty have been "received With- r"e
s.ounding;hurrahs- before- the 'enemy
and have' redoubled , the strength, of.
•the defenders and the heroic "spirit ot
the troops.. Frbnv August -23- to'.to
day, inclusive, alt the"-daijy assaulti
have been repulsed, with the helo -of.
Godr" •.".-• : ¦': ". "¦¦ ¦• "^
Port Arthur- Garrison Informs Czar of
:':• . Besiegers'. Repulse. -. . ; " v
MESSAGE FRQ3I: STbESSEL*
War scarred veterans scarce believe
the stories which come from the seat
of war and declare that it is -beyond
human endurance for an army to fight
without respite for a week, each day
of which has exceeded its predecessor
in intensity of struggle and carnival
of "slaughter. Day after day the thou
sands of dead bestrewing the battle
fields have to be removed. The Jap-"
anese have invented new methods to
incinerate, the heaps of dead com
rades, removing the ashes for the
honors of burial in Japan. The
wounded present a most serious prob
lem, as they tax the transportation
capacities on both sides to the utmost.
,Thjs.-mjQs.t ..dlfficjilt. problem _which.
has^ occurred is the bringing up of
foocl supplies and ammunition to
every point of the fighting line, which
extends from ten to twenty miles.
/ Never has such bombardment been,
known. An eye-witness of the battle
of Vafangow said that many officers
suffered nervous prostration following
the terrible roar of the "artillery and
one military attache had to be in
valided home for the same reason.
Yet the artillery fire at Vafangow
was far inferior in intensity to that at
Liaoyang. . ';;
A telegram from a correspondent at
Mukden, filed at., >9:27' o'clock on the
evening of September 1, stated that the
train service . between ¦ Mukden ' and
Liaoyang had been Interrupted, but the
dispatch did not mention whether the
telegraphic communications were open.
The action of the Japanese com
mander in throwing a force across
the Taitse in the face of a strong
enemy is considered to be extremely
rash, and the position of this force,
isolated from the main Japanese army
by a deep river, may easily become
desperate.
A - correspondent at Vladivostok
telegraphs that the Japanese are re
lying on the aid of the -gunboat flo
tilla for future operations against
Liaoyang and Mukden. The gunboats,
the correspondent says, have, not yet
materialized,* but in any. case they
would be-in" no position to render aid
to a force on the right bank in time of
need, because they would- be unable
to.. run, the . gauntlet, of;,,, the forts at
: L4adyang..r.. -The -strongest .forts are
situated on.the^right bank, where the
Russian army is now. concentrated.. £i •
. v. Thejflgtiting at Liaoyang has beaten
all, records, for the desperate valor of
the r assailants, and ( the invincible slub
bQrnness.of the defenders. . The whole
history of warfare tells of no such
bombardments, no such carnage and
no such persistency. Day after day
the fight has been resumed at day
break and kept up with hardly a
moment's intermission until after
nightfall. ¦'• '^v
The absence of press telegrams from
Liaoyang on September 1 aroused sus
picions that changes ',;- ..of importance
were proceeding,: which the military
censors did hot wish to be ma'de
known. ,
Up to the- hour of filing this dispatch
the War Office has not given the de
tails of the fighting of September V but
it is believed that this'figMlng exceed
ed In fierceness that of any ¦ prevloiis
day. • ' "i ¦** .-» >.' :4 >;i' ¦; ¦-.;-.• ; . r : : '?'>*''
der to withdraw v was .probably., due
their anxiety.) to, - keep \ahe - , Russians
south of Liaoyangt"until?^General,VK"u
rokl should beable^tO'Strikeifrom .the
northeast. General t how
ever, saw the" trap and cleverly avoided
it. ¦-':. '¦ i-i --.: li "'¦ .-••.%';• "
the Japanese, occupied Liaoyang on
Thursday. There is no official con
firmation of these statements, but .the
latest official dispatch to the Japanese
legation ihere reports the capture of
the heights- southwest of Liaoyang at
dawn •' on Thursday. This dispatch
adds: ;¦¦>'•?£
"Thereupon the enemy in the south
of Liaoyang commenced, to retreat.
Our armies are 'now pursuing him."
General Marozovsky, who also was
¦wounded, commanded, the artillery bri
gade. He distinguished himself during
the suppression of the Boxer troubles
in China. His wound is severe. ;
General Sakharoff, in reporting the
battle, says the Japanese.!. ¦suffered
enormous losses— much - larger, vthan
those, of the Russians, who also lost
heavily. ,-~:~ - i; - , '. .-i,-. a '¦* ¦ • ¦
.General Stakel*M?fg. r who ;is among the
w'pundejd..'. still remains In "command of
his army corps, ¦ although.-' he. is' . no
longer in chief command of. the south
ern "army, .which h*as since been, con-,
solidated under" General IZaroubaieft.
Stakelberg's injuries are slight, and he
did not leave the field. .
in. this. direction to -checkmate such a
movement. V" ' V : .-^v^ ._. . ' ¦'¦ ;_ ;
JAPANESE -^LUNGE INTO PITS.
i'.The Japanese' * v crossed ¦<¦ at> a point
called Sakankankwantun, .twenty miles
east^ and -somewhat^ above " Liaoyang,
and- marched _in force dirtectlv west
ward, with the evident' 1 object of cut
ting the Russian line of communication
with Mukden. Their 'exact strength was
not established, but a division was
made out. ¦¦¦¦'. ¦ ¦¦y':
. As. soon as the Japanese found that
"the. Russians .were retiring from their
outer positions on , the .south they re
sumed* the attack: there, although it
was then quite/dark. Thus . pressed,
the Russians their, movement
to the rear and 'again forced, the Jap
anese. '..-•;' . ' ;. ¦'¦.''',. ¦.' .'•; .-
With the view of eventual retirement
from their \ positions, the . Russians had
dug a large number of pits, with stakes
concealed in their* bottoms. The pits
were artfully .concealed among the high
Chinese corn. ..{When "'the . Japanese
charged after thev.Russians they fell
into the pits in hundreds" and were en
gulfed and impaled on the stakes and
their lines were thrown into confusion.
When the Russians faced about and
returned to their old positions they
found these death traps filled with dead
and dying.
BATTLE ENDS AT MIDNIGHT.
The rattle of musketry and the boom
of cannon continued until midnight,
when at last silence brooded over the
bloody battlefield and the tired soldiers
lay down where they had fought, whila
the worn-out surgeons and angels of
mercy ministered to the wounded all
night and .the. Chinese coolies worked
at carrying them into Liaoyang. : vv;
Continued From Page -JjwColumn.' !4,
DesperateWalor of Assailants; and Stubborn Bravery
'¦': of ':¦ Defenders Astonish War Experts.
.Victory was in. the balance and the
.Liaoyang battle was a draw when the
• ¦weary soldiers bivouacked last (Wed
nesday) night.
. Following the preliminary successes
of the 2'Jlh, -.-south of Liaoyang, Field
Marshal Marquis Oyama, the com
mander of the Japanese forces in the
field, promptly sent the united armies
forward and at dawn of August 30 a
desperate attack upon all the Russian
positions was made.
The Japanese found the Russians
holding a long chain of splendidly for
tified -positions, with a tremendous force
of artillery. The Japanese artillery
opened the way. but these preliminary
attacks generally failed to give an op
ponunity for an open assault.
The Japanese First Army, after'oc
cupying, the right bank of the L#an
River oh August 27, continued Its for
ward movement and renewed the as
cault against the remaining Russian
positions at Hungshaling, where the
enemy held out the longest and the
most stubbornly. They finally took the
Russian positions at this place and on
an eminence north of Sunchiassai. Fol
lowing these successes the Japanese
.immediately advanced, driving back
the small . bodies of Russian soldiers
cent out to impede their movement.
RUSSIANS DRIVEN FROM RIDGE.
From the night at August 27 to the
morning of the. 29th the Japanese at
tacked .the Russian positions on the
ridge to the. east of Sanyutzu. The-
Russians finally were dlsjodged from
these ridge positions^ but the Japanese
..left "was unable to advance on account
of the forceful resistance • made by the
Russian '. troops who occupied the
heights to- the southeast of Hslang
.ehant-zu. Two divisions of Russians,
which previously had been driven from
Hanpolin,. crossed a bridge constructed
over the Taitse River to the north of
slaotantzu- and retreated to the right
bank of the river.
• Continuing the attack, the Japanese
center 'advanced and occupied a line
extending from Sanyutzu to the west
¦"of Shihchutzu. while the left, on the
morning of the 29th, after dislodging
the Russians at Tashihmenling and
SiancFhantzu, advanced to x Yayutai
/and Terischlafangr, where it was rein
forced. *
;"'.- The Russians checked the advance
of all the Japanese forces coming up
. from the south along the Halcheng
. Uaoyang road.
The Japanese resumed the attack on
the 29th. The Japanese right took, a
line, extending from Leichapao to Hel
nluchuang, while the left occupied a
line from a point west of Helniuchuang
to ' Yayutai. A detached column from
. the Japanese right advanced toward
Weljagouand co-operated with the left
column of the First Army.
¦•The Russians on the Hiacheng-Liao
' yang road appeared to be occupying a
line of ridges extending from a point
south of Shoushanpao to a point east
-of Hangchiatun and running through
HElr.lin.tun. These eminences were
•It is the opinion here that the Rus
sians not able to carry many guns
with them and that they were forced to
.abandon or destroy vast quantities of
stores.
To-night ro estimates are obtainable
of the losses on either . side. Field
Marshal Ovama describes, his losses in
the morning assault as heavy. The
early success of the attack was some
what unexpected on- account of the
strength of the Russians and the na
ture of the-.Russiari defenses. It is con
fidently believed that Field Marshal
Oyama -w ill press the pursuit with des
pt'rate vigor arid inflict on General Ku
ropatkin the most crushing blow pos
sible. It is believed that his trophies
will •' prove- valuable.
The details of to-day's fighting are
scanty. It- Is only known that at dawn
to-day Gesera! Oku's army was hurled
against the Russian right center on
the southern line and that the Rus
sians were forced to abandon their line
and positions and retreat. The, pursuit
is now in progress. This pursuit and
the result of the fierce battle waged on
the eastern line, where General Kuroki
is assailing the" force which has long
screened Liaoyans. together with the
abandonment of the Russian right cen
ter on the southern line, expose the
Russian left." But here the Russian
force is so" heavy that it may be able
¦to! protect and extricate itself.
The question of the occupation of
Liaoyang .by the Japanese is in doubt.
The official dispatches do not make
mention of such occupation, but it is
assumed that the Russians are with
drawing through Liaoyang and that
The Japanese possibly occupied it late
to-day. .
TOKIO, Sept. . 1, S p. m.— Tokio rings
with, shouts and cheers for victory at
Liaoyang. " Lantern-bearing crowds
swing through the streets and surge
around the staff offices shouting, •"Ban
zai."
The Russian positions. at .all points
were strongly fortified and the auxiliary
defenses blocked infantry' "attacks."
During the night' of 1 August" 30" the
Russians at Shoushanpao attacked the
Japanese left and repulsed that portion
of the left which occupied Shaoyanzui.
They also made a night attack upon
the ridge south of Shoushanpao.
On the morning of August 31 both
armies renewed the attack with- vigor.
By a late hour in the afternoon neither
contestant had gained any visible re
sult. The Japanese were holding Teng
chiafang and Tsfangtun and. fighting
bravely against superior .forces.
A portion of the Japanese" right-suc
ceeded in capturing an eminence to the
west of Hsinlintun at noon of the 31st.
The operations of 'the day did not
succeed in developing the - Russian
strength in all directions. Bythe-con
atant arrival of reinforcements it was
seen that the guns at Shoushanpao
alone finally numbered 100.-
The Russians -used machine guns
against the Japanese with effect and
the Japanese were unable to press their
attacks home.
During the day the Japanese- left
wing 'was reinforced with a detchment
from the reserves.
The Japanese artillery which at
tacked the Russian left reached Wan
grerhtun at 2 o'clock in the afternoon
and.iKHired a. fire into the rear of the
Russians at Shoushanpao..*
MACHINE GUAS. EFFECTIVE.
The main force of the Japanese right,
with a portion of the left, attacked the
southern Russian line In the neighbor
hood of Hanpchiatun and Hsinlintun,
and opened the attack against '. the
ridges west of Hsinlintun with a vigor
ous shelling. The Russians defended
these positions against this preliminary
attack with energy, and did not allow
an opportunity for an open assault.
The main force of the Japanese left
occupied positions extending " from
Matowle to Tachaochiatai and attacked
the Russians to the west, of Shou
shanpao.
fortified stronglv and occupied ' by a
numerous force of the enemy. The Jap
anese bivouacked -the night of August
29 in front of these positions.
SLAVS HOLD THEIR POSITIONS.
At dawn of August 30 all the Jap
anese armies attacked all the Russian
positions on the southern front from a
point north of.Tengchiafang to a point
east of Hangchlatun and to the west of
Hsinlintun and Shoushanpao. The Jap
anese center attacked with all its
strength. The -left column of the First
Army continued the attack upon Teng
chlafang and Yayutai, but the Rus
sians there received reinforcements and
it was impossible to dislodge them.
A separate column was then dis
patched from the right column of the
Second Army and occupied a ridge, to
the south of Tsafangtun, whence it
opened a cannonade upon the enemy at
6 o'clock on the morning of the 30th.
This first artillery attack proved suc
cessful and at 10 o'clock the Russians
having been reinforced from the direc
tion of Llaoyang, made an endeavor to
retake the ground they had lost.
Throughout the afternoon of the 30th
additional reinforcements reached :¦ the
Russians, until their strength was esti
mated at two divisions and fifty or
•sixty guns. " •. •
The Japanese continued to attack
desperately and at 5 o'clock In the af
ternoon a junction was effected, with
the left column of the First Army.. The
Russians were dislodged from Tsafang
tun and that vicinity.
The Russians fought with dogged de
termination until nightfall.
CHEFU. Wednesday, Aug. 31.— Severe
fighting occurred at -Port Arthur on
August 27, when the Japanese, moving
from Shuishiying". attempted to capture
Palungshan, which is south of Shui
shiying and west of the railroad. The
Japanese made two assaults between
4 and 8 o'clock in the morning. They
were repulsed both times. A prisoner,
subsequently taken, places their loss
at 1045 killed and wounded. For one
hour afterward shells were thrown
from Shuishiying into Port Arthur.
The foregoing, information was
brought here to-night by a Chinese who
speaks excellent Russian and who was
employed at the police' station in Port
Arthur, which place he left in the
evening of August 29. He adds that
up to his departure no further attack
had been made by the Japanese on
Palungahan. He confirms previous re
ports that the Russians had reoccupied
Etzshan, where there has been but
little fighting recently.
At 4:30 o'clpck on the morning of
August 28 the Japanese attacked Fort
Number 6, on the northeast portion of
the right flank. This fort is a new and
strong one. After three hours' fierce
firing, during which the Japanese en
dured a crossfire from Fort No. 2, the
Japanese succeeded. . Jri entering the
fort.
When the Russians were safely away
from Fort 6 and the - Japanese flag
waved over.it se\;eral forts concen
trated their fire on.it and the Japanese
were compelled to retire.
Heavy firing was heard by the Chi
nese on the night of August 29.
The Russians continued to iio^d an
eminence west of Shpushanpao and de
fled all efforts to dislodge them.' The
eminence was finally taken" by storm
era Thursday morning.. • • . .¦¦¦-.
The entire left wing. wfth. all its.
force, continued against the- Russian
line throughout Wednesday. • At . j
o'clock in the afternoon a force of Rus
sians' appeared flve miles northwest of
Shoiishanpao. The Japanese reserves
attacked it...- -' •..•.¦¦...
Late "Wednesday: night a telegram
was dispatched to the general staff at
Tokio saying that the left wing ."with
all its guns wotild renew the attack
and afterward charge against:. tRe"
enemy's position. ' .'.'¦ '.-. : '.."'•.:¦
General Kuroki's 'casualties frotn
August 24 to August 23 amounted, to
3235. The other casualties have not
been reported. '..".".•' ""; .'• : ;".'..
west of Hsinlintun. This ground.
proved to ba a vantage ,poini-.from
which a final and effective charge was
delivered at dawn on Thursday, bring-"
ing the first victory.
The center column, after repulsing
the Russians In a night attack, pressed
the Russians against the" railway with
a portion of the left column and sue-?
ceeded in repulsing" a series of assaults.
The second dispatch which ijiay have' a, -significant bearing on- the campaign is that filed at Mukden
at 9:27 o'clock Thursday' night, stating that the.|traln service between Mukden and Uaoyang was inter
rupted, and Jt may mean 'the, cutting of x railroad communication. which would deprive General Kuropat
kin of an opportunity to retreat to his more northern base at Mukden.
Much depends on the battle -expected to- begin to-day -between Kuropatkin's forces and the' army of
Kuroki, -which is advancing along' the north bank of the Taitse. Unless Kuropatkin ' crush Kuroki his po
sition will be well nigh hopeless. ' v , - 'U; v .7 ["', \ ' V \ ' '
THORj5DA\* 7 S"-ne\Va "frontftfte. seat of ;war .closed .with the receipt of two dispatches giving Information
of a most significant < character, ; as -bearing on Tithe domination of Manchuria at the close of the pres
ent- campaign. ¦¦¦'. .-¦'¦'¦.¦';. "¦:. -^- ; ••••--.•¦, : \:/" -' '¦' ¦'. .-.'.
\ ;¦¦'" Tlie i ¦first'-'came from St. Petersburg arid ; said that General Kuropatkin had withdrawn his
whole lax^t^it^^^^j^B^^i^^^^^^j^^^JS^^d meet General Kuroki's flanking movement.
Lute Thursday night: a SU .Petersburg .correspondent ,an opinion from the War Office that - the
withdrawal to the i^ht:bank. of the in order that the Russians might be
able to repel a blow in that direction- and that -General Knropatkin'a movement was the carrying out of a
well defined idea, rather than a retreat. The same 'dispatch' pointed out, with notable lack of comment,
that the Japanese took advantage of General Kuropatkin's i withdrawal to occupy the city of Uaoyang.
Nippon's PopuLace Expects News
of Utter Rout of Kuro
patkin's Army.
Japanese Capture and Then Lose
Fort Number Six at
Port Arthur.
Must Defeat Kuroki or Be Crushed.
TOKIO IS CELEBRAT ING THE LIAOYANG VICTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY,. SEPTEMBER 2, 1004.
Wnr Craft Enters Shanghai Harbor.
SHANGHAI. Sent. 1.— A , Japanese
torpedo-boat entered the, "harbor -at
11:30 o'clock this forenoon. It ig, be
lieved she came for dispatches for the
fleet. '• ..'.
2
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v c
High-Grade Clothiers
. . No Branch Etores. No A*eatt.
OUR PALL CREATIONS
ARE TREASURES OF ART
BY" MASTER DESIGNERS.
FABRICS ARE TESTED,
STYLES EXCLUSIVE,
SUPERIOR TAILORING
AND ORIGINAL MODELS!
Kear'ji y Street
T h u r 36w, B^lock
I ADV^TISEMEXTS. V .-.l^ ___,""_ _._ l, , u . _i_, • " - -^-
Two Piece Suits : :^^, <:<
For School Wear «JIPi#W
Price Only $ 3.00| vJ|8B|.£
If you are an economizing mother
you will appreciate trading here, because ' T : :
your dollars go so far. The reason is, -—^^^^^^SS^- : - "
you buy direct from the makers and. no ¦ ! 5s§^^^^|^ \ ..
middleman makes a profit on you. We -w^fel^^ft^^^^^^-' •.
are the only firm on this Coast making
all the clothes we sell. '^l^i^^^^^^P
When other stores sell at cost, then ::: -^^^^^^^^'^$^ 5 '-'
they are .meeting our regular prices. . '. ¦¦'
But the best way to impress you with ¦;- fM$Mf -t' '"' Vi
bur values is to show you the. merchandise. $|i|i t
The two-piece suit which we picture ifl^SK *iM^M i '$$
here is made. of all wool fancy cheviot in ' | !•?- :
the broad chested effect with concave • % 'B
shoulders. It has all manliness and style '
of a- man's suit. See the suits in our '^'^^^^SS' '*! :
You.vyill find suits just like ours for £*jjMM n^J
S5.00 in other stores. ; Why not save the W&&3A
middleman's >profit of $2.00 and buy ,. .. s^^^?*: ':
' I % SPECIAL I '¦": % . ; r:; \ ,' : v A MAE. ORDERS
For to-day ani Saturday g 5^ m &\ We fia mail orders for
only— men's all- wool swaa'.- V-^ / v <$/% \J? B^# v^ w \j? anything in men's or boys*
V e«i, . ragiilar v $1. CO va'.uts, •— — *-*' ,^-* > clot>hmg, fumishingJ or
( ° r55c - I 740 Market Street. . *»*-». •
.-.': James Means'; $2.50 andJS.OOjsl^qes^for
men have no" 'equal/'- v' Superior tofraany
.$3.50 shoes -in style, and shoemak-
¦ittg; 100 styles, from .maker to '¦ wearer.
James Means Shoe Store, ; 16 Fourth st. • -TOKIO, Sept 1. — Japan is^ prepar
ing to form a river flotilla like Gener- :
al Kitchener's Nile expedition, which
will be able to ascend the Llao River
and its tributaries as far as Llaoyang
and ': Mukden and so harrass ; General
Kuropatkin as to' compel him : , to • re-T
treat -to Harbin, > thus . effectually : pre-*
venting a march" for the. relief of Port
Arthur. Bfflj
Small War Craft to Aid in the Attack
Upon Kuronatkin.
FLOTILLA OF GUXBOATS.
NEW YORK, Sept. l.-The Demo
cratic, State Convention will meet at
Saratoga on Tuesday, September 20,"
that date having been fixed at the
meeting of the State committee in this
city to-day. * .
Date of Convention Set.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1. — Delegates
and alternates to the Republican State
Convention to be held In Saratoga on
September 14 were elected in the
twenty-one Assembly districts of
Kings County (Brooklyn) to-night. In
each convention resolutions j indorsing
Timothy L. Woodruff for the nomina
tion for Governor and instructing the
delegates to vote and work for him
were passed. •
Brooklyn Delegates Want Him to
Head State Ticket.
WOODRUFF IS INDORSED.
Sent. 1; — The efforts of
¦the;- "-Bpitish- cruisers of the Cape "of
Hope .squadron to establish
cvc-tnrrjiiijicii-tion .'with the Russian
vjj'iu'nteer fleet steamers Smolensk and
Petersburg have this, far * failed.
Tv|i<* -Admiralty received late this after
vninti"..-.a. dispatch from 'Rear Admiral
Dijrnford announcins: that none of his
f Ivips . . had raugrht sight of or had
.bfia'rd ;" • by; wireless ¦ telegraphy from
either" of. the Russian- cruisers. He
¦wp'; notified to continue the search
Hijti'^a 'cruiser was ordered to report to
lih'ri q-nd join in the search.
'¦Fail to h^ind Ore Smolensk
•': •"¦• : PV.rspnaU>* '•o.nducted bay excursions
'to '>lare Island arid.Vallejo. Fare, 50 Cent3
rtti;nid:Jfr)pL .J^dsyins all" points of inter
¦^st'dh .--th'« : .toy.". Spf-tim«? -table of steam
*rri H;: J.'. <^orcor«n. Special excursion
JJ5u-n<(Jay.''Sep"t.' 4, '70. miles up the Sacra
-itrteM'a. Riyor. • Fare round trip. $1.00.
• : Plwnt»\Maiiif 64 J. • . -.-.'. •"
J\*r Victors and Tourist?.
, SALE OF BUILDING CONFIRMED— Th«
sale cf t!".e Supreme «'*ourt 'building* "tor $220.
.tjoo to Josephine. l\ H. Boyle by .Anal* Hale.
as admiri!stratr!x .of the estate; of Joseph P.
Hale, was confirmed yesterday -by -Judye *Cof
fey. The objection to the sale Bled by Ann
Feeney Wright. ; one of • the. heirs, was with
drawn. ' ¦ '• - '. '
O^HKOSH, Wls.. Sept. 1.— The
Democratic State Convention to-night
nominated the following ticket: Gov
ernor, George W. Peck; Lieutenant
Governor. Dr. H. A. Lathrop; Secre
tary of State, James P. Nolan; Treas-.
urer, Andrew Jensen; Attorney Gen
eral, William F. Wolfe; Railroad Com
missioner,,. Edward L. Hanlon; Insur
ance Commissioner, Henry Fetzer.
Former Governor Peck was nomi
nated by acclamation, amid much en
thusiasm. There were contests /on
other offlcM.^:!^
Democrats of Wisconsin Select a Full
• ; State Ticket. 'r-::-.
«
PECK IS NOMINATED.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Sept. 1.—
After a conference with the President
to-day Secretary Loeb gave out a
typewritten statement denying the
story printed to-day to the effect that
J. Plerpont Morgan recently had a
conference with Roosevelt concerning
the campaign. The typewritten state
ment i3 remarkable for the extra
ordinarily emphatic language em
ployed. It denounces the. newspaper
story ss a ''lie."
The word "lie" does not often figure
•in the statements given out from the
President, but this has been a very
sultry day on Sagamore Hill.
President Roosevelt Did Not Hold
Conference With Morgan.
DENOUNCED AS A LIE.
ROME. Sept. lWThe Osservatdire
Romano, the Vatican organ, publishes
an article to-day praising and recom
mending a. Catholic federation in the
United . Statesl : . "".•:.¦.. - ' * -*'
Faror* Catholic". Federation'.
CHICAGO, Sept. 1. — A freight train
of 137 cars and more than a mile* In
length was hauled by a single loco
motive from Ashtabula to Youngstown.
Ohio. The trip, news of which reached
the Chicago Lake Shore offices to-day,
was made In six hours. When the
conductor desired to communicate
with the engineer he left his message
at one block station and it was tele
graphed ahead to the next.
Outfit Is So Long That Conductor Has
:> to Telegraph Messages to
Engineer. • /
SINGLE ENGINE HAULS
MONSTER FREIGHT TRAIN
LIAOYANG, Sept; l.-^.Kirjiloff. one
Of the. Associated [Press- cbrrespondr"
entst, \ who -.had .- -been {o-ltowinej ". the.
operations of . General . Zarpubaie/t's.
army, was shot through t.he. .lung
while on the. firing line'south. of Liao
yang yesterday. . ' " .. .. , ." ";.• •
Wn r •; Correspondent ; Sljot-.
VLADIVOSTOK. Sept. 1.— The am
bitious hopes of Japan are freely dis
cussed by Japanese prisoners m^re.
All of them are confident that naval
supremacy will enable Japan to dic
tate terms of peace, which will In
clude, according to- them, the posses
sion of Port Arthur, Dalny, Korea,
Saghalien, Kamtchatka and the COm
mander Islands, leaving Manchuria in
Russian hand?.
The Japanese prisoners claim a
first Tlctory for their country In the
preventing of the Russians making a
base of Vladivostok, from which place
the hostile fleets would effectually
have Imperiled communication In
Korea, rendering a land campaign Im
possible. The Japanese. w they say,
gained this victory by forcing a war In
the winter, when Vladivostok was
ice-bound. WPl
What the Mikado Hopes to Gain by
Victory in War.
JAPAN'S T!£RMS OF PEACE.
' Index cards, filing cabinets., loose leaf
ledgers and all modern systems \n our
stationery department. • Printing "and
bookbinding at lowest prices. Sanborn..
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. " •
Card Systems and Cabinets*
Rcmioi] Warshi'** on the Atlantic.
.-MAP Kip. ...Sept. fc— A . .telegram
from' Lits Paitnas.-. jt'anaxy'Islands./.an
nounces that- the.
has received «e\v.3 of-lhe-arrUkl Uf
Lanzarpte : Is.la.ijfJ Cth> jrioSt--nort-heast*
erly ;of the Canary Islands) -of several
warships, flying the 'Russian- fi.ag."» The
telegram saS'3\ that • the vessels"." coaled
frp>n. steamships, which "were wjiitins
there'. . ¦ ' " ¦ ' " ' ;."' :' ; " - '•
of the unfortunate women whom she
had treated Mrs. Fuhrig chose carbolic
acid to end her life. An emptied vial
that smelt strc-ngly. of this poison was
found beside the body.
The,- dead" woman's family lives at
1145 Ellis street in a comfortable home.
The place is filled, with flowers and
potted \ plants. The strange woman
spent her spare time in gardening.
The husband seemed overcome by
grief at sight ¦ of the body ' in ' the
Mc-rgue; but when seen last night he
was calm and refused to talk of the
tragedy. 'The dog . still whines and
every now and then scratches at the
door of the room Where his dead mis
tress formerly slept. The body; Is still
at the Morgue.
On March 20, 1900, she was" charged
with causing, the death of Su Ella Ty
son and on November 5, 1903, she was
arrested for the. murder of Mrs. Ann
Calla'ghan. She escaped convictions on
both of these. charges.
Mrs. Fuhrig was 50 years old. Nearly
her entire life has been spent in un
lawful medical practice. For the past
few years she was clc-sely watched by
the police.
Her family, consisting of a husband
p.nd three sons, refuse to say anything
that will give a clew to the cause of her
suicide. It is thought that her. mind
became unbalanced from . worry over
the trouble she has been in. Like many
The body of the woman was taken to
the Morgue, where it remained un
identified until late in the afternoon.
Then Charles Fuhrig appeared arid
admitted, that 'it was his wife,
Dora Fuhrig, the woman who 'was
seven times arrested for murder caused
by malpractice.
, On November 29, 1898, Mrs. Fuhrig
was charged with the murder of Mrs.
Anna W.. Walmsley^*Whiie* 9 out on bail
for this offense she was arrested for
three other similar offenses on Decem
ber 10, December 14, 1898, and January
5. 1899. The charges against her were
dismissed by a ruling of the Supreme
Court.
proached. Doglike, he had no scruples
about • acknowledging the mistress he
loved.
LEFT UXIDKXTIFIED.
(NOTORIOUS MIDWIFE WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND IN THE BRUSH IN GOLDEN
GATE PARK YESTERDAY AFTEUNOO.V BY HER YOUNG SON. SHE HAD
' COMMITTED SUICIDE BY DRINKING CARBOLIC ACID.
The .S^uth should demand to know the facts
about .Iud»e Parker. How do-s he stand upon
this alles«-d nefro guestlon? Is his portion
at nil different from that of Rooaevelt? If so.
In what re*p?ct" The South should demand
explicit r*r>iy to the folk.wlns questions before
it votes for him upon the assumption that he
In this campaisn th* Democratic .national
Ic-adcr* have prostituted the name of Democ
racy and are demanding that they he blindly
follow* d. In rrite of the fact that they have
renoumed «-very principle of Democracy. "Will
the reul Democrats follow the-naroe rather than
the princljilt-s?
In the South we are told w* must submit
to the surrender to Wall street because of '•the,
nluEer." •
ATLANTA, Ga.. Sept. 1. — Thomas
K. Watson, candidate for President on
the People's party ticket, addressed an
immense audience In the hall of the
House of Representatives of the
Georgia Legislature to-night. He
spoke in part as fbHows:
Scstion of Convention.
Watson Delivers Address nt Closing
The principal meeting of the day was
held in the public park", but the attend
ance was so large that it became neces
sary for Mr. Fairbanks to address two
overflow meetings. In his speeches he
made only general references to gen
eral Issues. Senator Fairbanks left at
10 o'clock to-night for Kansas City.
TALKS TO POPULISTS.
There i» on every hand evidence of business
activity, of building and growth. What will
b« the effect upon all of this if th're Is a
change In the national administration? WMt
would be the result If we adopt nsw economic
policies?
The prosperity of Kansas Is well illu«trat?d
bv h*-* bunk f!ern>sl»*. They h»ve i~»>r»t»c<-j
from im.OOO.OOO In 1S05 to more than $80,000.
000 In 1903.
The- Republican party pledged itself that It
would maintain the gold standard and It has
made the. promise law. Under It we hiv;
men? money and a better monetary system
than ever since the republic began. Does
any one regret his vote for William McKlnley
In 18fH> or In 1900? I)..r« h- rerret his vet*
for the protective tariff or for the inflexible
maintenance of the gold standard? Events
have Justified In the fullest possible degr«i
the entire wisdom of what we have hitherto
done.
Our I>emowatie friends fnvelch attaint th"»
trims, y«?t they have done nothing to restrain
them.- While the Republican party believes
in retraining capital which is organized t>
restrict just competition, it firmly believes In
*af«-{ruardlns that which is engaged in whole
some trade. All that has b»tn done with re
r^ect trf trust regulation has been den? by
the Republican party. The Sherman anti
trutt law was the fruit of Republican states
manship.
President Cleveland in his last annual mes-
Mgs rc-copnlzed the existence of the trust evil,
but declared that the laws enacted . by Ccn
.isrets for their cure were Inadequate". Yft a
Democratic Congress, to which th* message
wa« a-ddresE?d. made no effort to supply anv
deficiency. \\> should not forget that the
rime laws whi«h Cleveland regarded insuf
ficient have been effectively enforced by Re
jruMlrati administration*.
MARION, "Kans., Sept. 1.— The Re
publican ca-mpaign in this State was
opened to-day with speeches by United
States Senator Chester I. Long and
Edward- W. "Hoch, Republican candi
date for Governor. There was a large
attendance from this and surrounding
counties, many coming in on special
trains. Senator Fairbanks' special ar
rived a few minutes before 12 o'clock
and he was escorted to the principal
hotel in the town by a large delegation.
The streets were gayly- decorated and
the cavalcade wa.« led by a tu*ass band.
There were loud cheers as the Senator
alighteu from his train and they were
repeated many times throughout the
march. The speeches occupied the
grtater part of the forenoon.
Senator v Fairbanks spoke in part as
follows:
We are soon !•> decide whether or not we
ehtll approve the policies which have been
in eucc«<sful operation for several year*. We
are to determine whether or not we shall con
tinue the eminently »uccep«ful administration
of I'resMent Boosevslt. Xo one can truth
fully «ay the laws have not been faithful!/
enforced. They have be»n enforced against
all who have disobeyed them with etfual im
partiality.
Senator Is Given UousLa^ Reception
at Opening of Campaign.
FAIICBAXKS IX KAXSAS.
NEW YORK. Sept. t— 'Nah". Patter
son walked from the T'omba-.to the Su
preme Court this morning", the first time
she has been out of- prlsdn'-in 'weeksJ
She walked back to' the •' Tombs .after
Judge Amend had decided.- 'that she
might be liberated should* -she .furnish
bonds for $20,000.: Her' 'lawyer tried to
have this cut in half and.' an'd.wlth
the girl's father saw. District Attorn
ney Jerome later in the . day; • but- the
amount stood. . although' .'.the girl sat
after returning to prtsbn without doff
ing her liat in- expectation; .that shs
would regain her freedom* in' a- .short
time. .Her lawyer was unable 'to 'find
a bondsman, and to-night s.he reoccu
pied her; cell in the : T6mb's,.a bitterly
disappointed Woman. .. ¦' . • ••".•"
*When she. appeared, at the- door of
the Tombs, accompanied "by : 'Warden
Flynn and Philip :Wa r ldh6mler. ' her
counsel, the .crowd in . waiting, saw she
was dressed in black 'and- that a 'heavy
veil of the same -hue hid her face.' As
the trio went down • Center .street- <ui
the way to the . courthouse; after- sb.e
had declined ti> ride; the crowd .fol-
lowed. There Were," several -hundred
persons waiting -in.: -the "-courthouse, 1
among them; her father:- : '..'¦ • •••'•*
Abraham Levyi her ' attorney,,
dressed Judge Amend cm .the writ- o'f
habeas corpus. Levy sa - ld % he.h'ad.A>een
assured. "by the. District Attorney that
he was not .'prepared.tb' bring.' .the- case
to trial, for sojne week's,, although the
girl had .been" -in .•¦ prison" 'for "months.
Therefore: he -asked- that" she -should be.
liberated on -bail, saying, that" the* Dis-*
trict Attorney •ha-iT • no. ."objections;, io
such .a stei>^. % . ."-.• ¦ -,. •" ' .•'..'.'". : *^*, , ':
. ); : i -will n«\hcr Jbailj at>>2Q:6oT)/ ; # : said
the. Judge; '"without" .prejudice V to a
later motion for.- a. reduction .an'd .pro-*
Vided such, a motipn'ia i not opposed .by
the District : AH.orney.'* ¦ • ' ¦•' -*•.;*.-.-
At Lev-y's-'officetQ-highf.it -was said"
that no further ¦.."attempts"'. wou-lQ-'be
niade to" obtain, .the. girl's release until,
tu-Tnorfow 1 .. ;. . • ; -." .;.; '¦ ¦". . ; -.'.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The body was shipped to Chicago to T
night over the Santa Fe road and is
accompanied by Mrs. Game arid Mr3.
Effle. nieces -of the deceased, and . Dr.
Zeigler. . ' .
Three- fourths of the net revenue of
the estate is to be paid semi-annually
to Horace McVicker and upon his
death the trust company is requested
to transfer and convey the original
three-fourths to Horace McVIcker's
heirs. The net income of the other
quarter of the estate is to be paid
semi-annually to Mrs. Clara B. Game
of San Francisco and upon her death
the original shall become the property
of her children. Mrs. Game also gets
all the wearing apparel of the late
Mrs. McVicker. Miss Jennie Boydston
is to receive $5000 and James R. Owen
and Mrs. Owen will receive, Jointly,
$5000.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 1.— An analy
sis of the stomach and other portions
cf the body of the late Mrs. J. H. Mc-
Vicker, sent to Dr. R. V. Day, City
Chemist of Los Angeles, has been com
pleted and no trace of poison was
found. The examination, by Dr. pay
was made at the demand of. Horace,
McVicker of Chicago, stepson of the
deceased. . •";'.
Relatives of Mrs. McVicker -met to
day in the c-fflce of Public Administra
tor McGarvin and agreed to leave the
handling of the trunks and other ef
fects here in that 'official's hands. ,, . .
CHICAGO. .Sept. 1.— Previous to the
filing for probate and the official open
ing of the will of the late -Mrs. James
Mt^vicker, L. D. Condee, attorney for
Hwace McVicker, her stepson and
principal heir, made public the con
tents of the document to-night. The
testatrix names the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank executor and trustee of
an estate which, by Condee, is esti
mated at something more than $350,000,
provided the large amount of money
and jewels said to be missing from the
safety deposit box in the trust com
pany's vaults can be replaced.
Special Dispatch to The Catl.
KrothiT Hill advocated the giving of the
FOlpiaow comp'.cte independence. In the first
place, we hbM tne Is'undi by the same title
*nd prt>i:ef5?s by which we have secured Lou-
Islara from France, Florida from Spain. New
Mexico. California and Arizona from Mexico,
fcn-i AIa>ka from Rurs:a. I do not know how
we could g.ve them up any more than we
cculd thf*e ncfsefekxs.
The United Spates hi* the honest moral
duty to retain them. The pcrse?sion of the
inland* uptn the cpenire cf-the Orient to the
trade of all countries which will, follow the
clo*^ of the Japanese- Ruroian war makes them
of incalculable value to the United States and
of equal value to any of th: great European
powers if we let them go.
to kru>w S-enatur Gecr^e K. Gre*n lor twenty-
Cve- year*, and that I knoir h:m to be R gen
erous, aotile s;>:rltr<J. open-handed, manly man
— very i-ublic splr.ted and entertaining. I
never wrct.e rcr rs.U\ anything to President
EtOMevdt en the subject <j'. the Senator's in
fnetment. «r.d I did net. knew d !t until it
oct-.rred. 1 did not trakr any attempt to pre
vent the 'nitctmenL I have never threatened
a public officer, or. In facu a private citizen.
in rr.y life, to induce him to do or not to do
• nytninc h» though: was right, and after my
fifty yearn of experience I should certainly not
b^iciri nith President P.ccEevelC
In rcssrJ to thf mnjsr'cB artlc'.e which was
disccaeed by Mr. Hill hM-e yesterday, I desite
to flrs: c* a?l, tfcai I have had the honor
B1NGHAMTCN. N- Y., SepL 1. —
Senator Der>e\v departed from his
original intention to deliver a non-polit
ical speech at th; Brook County fair
at Whitney's Point to-day and devoted
his address to a reply to ex-Senator
Hill's speech of yesterday, made at the
rarr.e placf. He said in part:
Avers That .- United States
Cannot Give Up Posses
sion of Lands in Far East
Efforts Are Made to. Have
the Sum Cut in. Half; but
They Are Not Successful
Chemist's Analysis Discloses
No Trace of Anything That
Would Cause Her Death
CANNOT RAISE $20,000
Party nr.nifs to me ar* nothing-. The doc
trine Is everything. I call uiwn all Jeffer
sonlan Democrats to help make this fight
against the two Republican parties, headed by
Rcosev«.lt and Pp.rker. What do we need with
two- jia-rtles committed to Wall street? L«t
us have cne for the people.
The address was delivered at the
closing session of the State convention
of the Georgia Populists, which met
this afternoon, selected electors and
iidorsed the nomination of Watson
for the Presidency.
Fifth — If such schools — whtrein black chil
dren and white, children are educated to
gether — ar? a. rood thlnT for your native State
of New York, w-cuid the;- be a rood thins for
Georgia and South Carolina? If not. why not?
Why d!-i national Democratic leaders sur
render to Btlmont and Wall street?
Fonrth-:-Do you approve the mixed schools
o? N*w York, inaugurated under Grover
Cleveland. In which social equality is . prac
tically made a matter of compulsion? • ¦ >
Third — If electid, will you refuse to receive
en tenr.s cf en'jality at the White House such
negroes as BJshci> Turner. Bock?r Washington
ami T. Thcmas l-'ortune?
diflOra from Rocsevfit en the negro question: .
first — Would you refuge to eat at Jhe same
table ivitli Rcoker T. Washington?
ivcoiid — Would you refuse U> appoint neyrces
to oirires in the South?
- Young Fuhrig had a hard time in
ducing the dog to leave the spot. The
animal crouched beside the dead wo
man and snarled viciously when ap-
The son says' he had a premonition
that the park would be the best place
to look for his mother, and the dog
seemed to want to go In that direction.
The pair walked out through the pan
handle, the dog tugging at his chain
and sniffing at the road. * In an unfre
quented path near Stow Lake the ani
mal became strongly excited, whining
and trying to break from the leading
string. He forced young Fuhrig into a
run and dragged the boy into a thicket.
There lay the dog's mistress, dead, on
a couch of dried leaves. The animal
threw himself upon the body, whining
pitifully. Young 1 Theodore was horror
stricken at first, but quickly recovered
his presence of mind. He left the body
in charge of the dog and told two
passers-by of the discovery, asking
them to notify the police. When one
of these asked him if he knew thf wo
man he refused to answer. ''
Weary of a life that was spent in the
shadow of the Jails, Mrs. Dora Fuhrig,
a midwife, who was arrested seven
times on charges of murder, committed
suicide in Golden Gate Park' Wednes
day by taking carbolic acid. The body
was found yesterday Dy her son The
odore, who was led to the scene of the
tragedy by a dog ownec by the dead
woman.
Mrs. Fuhrig left her home at 1*45 El
lis 9treet on Wednesday : orning. She
did not return and her husband. Charles
Fuhrig, became alarmed. He sent
his son Theodore ' to look for his
wife and suggested taking the -^dog,
who had been the constant companion
of the woman for years. Father and
son both deny, that Mrs. Fuhrig. »eft
any -word to indicate that she intended
to end her life. •
.¦ DOG FINDS THE" BODY.
Woman Takes Dose
of Carbolic Acid
in ParU
111, 1- ell *v*
DISCUSSES PHILIPPINES
NO POISON IN STOMACH
v^he. Princess, it appears, met Lieu
iyRarit-:>Iattasich-k<?glevich in the
friiiiiae^. <>f the ..Dresden art exhibition
•1^:0 >veeks agbj where she' was taken
:ufttfyr: ;thf .escort of Manager Pierscm
«f. : -t'hV.v: sanitarium. The latter had
titfiied aw'tiy si/few', minutes before- to
ji^rJi at .a- piece'of "sculpture. As soon
: a£ .he \ saw} the -Princess talking to a
;£t} : a'n£e ;irian," Picrson hastened toward
*n£nv. : /She fold Pierson that the- man
¦vyiis" .-.Lieutenant . '; Slattasich-Kegle
yic'H -:,-¦ itid' : begged to ¦ be : allowed
"tjoi'-'.TEpeak •¦ .with ¦ birn. Picrson replied
jttikt Eh* kiiew that, to be impossible
and- that he must insist' that she go
>vC>ttiChim imrnediatcly. .The Princess
•b'^'gan". Vto.. ;.cry- and -asked again to be
:kilo\C^d't6; talk" with the lieutenant for
*;.re:5vv minutes. . She became so. dis
itcES^' : ihat : Pierson turned to Mat
.ta5iGh-.K^l?vic!i. and requested him
i^:^ive:. his. word, of honor that he
•w<f^ld>;ho,t.-: attempt " to persuade the
IPrjtjteKsr'-to- leave. those who were tak-
Xa&:&£re : ht. her. The lieutenant prom
is.wj;y.lPfcrson withdrew out of hearing
>ariri : : ";the. i^o; so long separated, talked
t.^kfthtr. far- several jhinutes.
;^^d>^ : fiL6*ERj Saxony. Sept. L—
Fi'iacess Lcniise of Sftxe-Coburg, It
i.eir appears* escaped alone from her
¦bivtel at 2 o'clock. Tuesday morning.
£?iie was joined under the trees in the
iiciel ¦ ga.rde.ns by two women and a
.rt-:in»; They entered a two-horse car-
were driven swiftly away in
'rhf •^direction- of- Munich. A man
:4^»ftd-"^ii.OrmlJJii j ¦who was stopping
*t tfce hotei "hai not appeared since
Mpndai: .iiislii- It is supposed that he
.provided the means for the flight of
jjip and that he was an agent
¦ef^LietitfnhTit Count Mattasich-kegle
\yiciu jR^itSi. \rhoni she eloped in 1897i
'':,^frtfrT: :fHi+nA'.Tig ¦¦ t h<» theater Mon
i££y eveni&s the Princess ind her Iit
¦Ur -party bad supper in- one of her
rucms. Sie ''said good night at 11:30
and lier guardians wer enot aware of
fctr departure until 7 o'clock in the
ncrruiig/ by which time she probably
: was far toward • t-tie- Swiss f rontier.
.. Gratz first hii-d a room on the third
.flour of the . hotel, .but Monday he
jiioyed.: to- one, on .the ground floor
\i;;th -a- priyaie entrance into the gar
.Hfiir. It .is ipre'sUmed" that the Prin
'.vW used'. :.<hisi : :e.icit. 'and- it is certain
.^riiai : F'rau : .jSchubert.. of I)resde:i e;i-
£^gei<l'":. the : :ca-rriage at a local liyery
•rUtbltv Neither-' \he driver nor tn<:
'iequJ-P^etiaye r&tur.ned. ¦-
.-' -': iie^prii.; the; : auts=klTts of the town
¦*oni.e-i?f ; t1ie;- 6ccupant§ of the car-
to* an auio
ifir.bi1« 'arid the carriage continued its
i j/fid^ flight.' firobiibly. to confuse, pos-
K-Tiie' pursuers.'. -It.. is' deemed likely
i'iiit"- jtie .-Prihvc«js; irajt- one- of those
;.iik1rig .the rarutomobne:: An auto
irvVjiie: similar to -that which left
. Bad S'st ?r was ' traced to Hof, ¦ forty
h.vl+'S . itwa>:-. Whether the . Princess
l<»ok ihe s a, nj. traiii there for Munich
•oj- jir<*c'eeded In an automobile is un-i
ivirOsviw ¦;'....•¦'; .'.'. . .-.' " "." .
. •¦¦.""•¦T.he": jdi&eippearance,' of the Princess
wJa* 'most, 'dexterously managed, as she
¦ v. -a-jr • und^r the sharp rurveillance day
:i.r;t|'. right. ;«jf ah especially trustworthy
•• with -three servants, and
in the jhairae^.r of the. royal bathe.
to be keen,
';ii £"¦ jy is ;very : yell '.understood that the
; JVusbfiii^j / of ¦.. ihe ; .'Princess is rather
yi*iiii£&£\ thMn i otherwise at her escape.
.Xixcviiii^. hp.. thinks she has been suffi
;'tftml;y ;.ji.ur.ithed.' ¦./ •" t
.MEETS LIEUTENANT.
3felieved to Have Taken Au-
After Leaving the
Carriage in AVhich She
Was Driven From Grounds
p(UTED THKOUGH
NEW GUESTS' HOO3LS
iyjhjrs Daughter Xot Seen
v Since iShe Left Apartments
and Joined Two AVomen
¦iSiiti a /¦¦¦- 3Ian* : in Gardens
31rs. McVickcrs Will Gives
Three-Quarters of Income
of Estate to Chicago Man
to Release Her on." Bail
"Nan" Patterson Returns to
Jail. Though Judge Agreed
Dog Guides Her Son
to Where Body
Is Lying.
TRIES IN VAIN
TO GET BONDS
DEPEW MAKES
REPLY TO HILL
Says He Did Not Speak to
the President About the
Senator Green Indictment
DORA FUHRIG, NOTORIOUS
MIDWIFE, DIES A SUICIDE
MAKES STEPSON
PRINCIPAL HEIR
PRINCESS
LOUISE IS
STILL FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:; FRIDAY. ' SEPTEMBER 2.-; 1904.
3
; M Conclave Edition
- Qf , I
|= ..The Call.. ,=
Out Next Sunday
j -.ODDER NOW^
#V} V ¦^¦yw^w^wMro
v. ADVERTISE3IEXTS. ; V' ' • : ' . •'
r _.._. .... .: , ' © . J* .|^ ' f% ¦ f ."" •'• •.
f^^^^ ¦—»-'•••¦¦¦¦¦•- ••— J If you want a suit or overcoat for the
/:^^%i^^mSi occasion we have them ranging from ". :
S^HB^^'^^^B^§ i b?^X. In almost any one line we have enough to com-
'j^S^S^^^00^^^^^^M : -j^^^- P^ te ty stoc H man y reta^ stores. We study our cus-
'ffifimm^ tomers' desires, and as we manufacture the clothes
¦¦fBH™5#5 ?fTV \ '^ l &r?MW r^"' ' ourselves we keep the store well stocked with what is
••^EaP^P^TAvS''.h-^-<»'.^:\.-,'".;-.-;-" i ' ¦¦: '-^ -'^^^-r^" , , , t K if •¦¦ •"¦¦¦.: " : -?
" JBp ' \ V "• *~ v x *' : *^ ' most wanted by the public. .
•I^SS^K^i' V fcT^iNv--""" Besides the vast assortment, which is a distinct
.o-'B^^^^^^^S^t^i^l^-v. advantage, there is the maker -to -wearer price that
. "JH^f r - ;JS®tei|^^^ means such a paving to you, a saving any man appre-
v «Pfc ' ciates who likes to make "his dollars count.
«g^ , rijtr "•":.- <^w example: We have a suit which we sell for
1 "-ft" 1 ;C:;£irH:£:^u^^;-Ar« . $10. Garments made just like ours sell for S12.>0 in
lillif^^ other stores, as they do not make their own clothes.
Iwgf ll^^ir^: !ip ; ' The suits are stylishly cut in the latest Fall fashion.
Wm^ l^^mMf--"~.. "^llS The patterns are principally gun metal gray and nut
Hf-^ V i'^' brown in a great variety of checks, stripes and plaids.
IBS' ' J^^t7""--:'^yi| ; Every garment is guaranteed— money back is vour
$m& :^ :v:: ?v:3[ e carr Y ready-to-wear suits and overcoats ranging
JHf-^? ;.¦<?¦'.!/''!*• Snec" I ' n P r ' ces rom $'0 to S35. If
Hgl I'^^^K^'^v'vii FortodavandGat- you want some new clothes forThe other, side, represented In.court
by J. C. Campbelr. and Thomai Geary.
has not yet been heard, but it Is un
derstood that It will be proven that
Frank Wickersham received* $156,933
from his father's estate.. .
The depositions read yesterday were
those of Charles W.- Barrett,: A. A-
Dilley. George Lawsori; A. H. Natt,
Al Woodw ird.. M.. L. Ward.' E. A.
Donahue. W. A. Watson. Dr-. .Davis
and Kick Kittle;. All of- theni had
something to tell of the daily Ufe and
habits of Frank Wickershanj. wtios?e
widow now wants a fourth Interest tn
his mother's estate of $500,900. •
Judge Seawell .yesterday heard the
reading of nearly a dozen more depo
sitions in .behalf of the- contestant of
the will of LydiaC. Wickerstuyn. ,At
the conclusion of Attorney Honey's
vocal strain -it .-was agreed that the
case should be cohtinu.ed until Sep
tember 12. On that day a few short
depositions, will be read and tha tak
ing of oral testimony will begl'n.
In the list of the. depositions rea,d
yesterday were the names of saloon
keepers, hack drivers. = barbers, den
tists, doctors and- merchants of, Frss
no»:.eacbrof • whom testified" as,to ths
alleged incompetence- of Frankr t Wlck
ersham at the time he aoid. his ex
pectancy in his. mother's estate 1 to lits
brother and. sisters for <2S.000.
Many Depositions • Read- to Pjrcwe In
competence of the DV?ad Fresno.
/; Politician. : ...• ..
WICKERSHAM CASE. GOES
OVER TO. SEPTEMBER 13
MEMBERS OK <iUNERAJ« COX
IHAVK COMMITTEE AE |>olNTE1J
BY LOCAL COMMANlJBRIEd.
The Associated Wives and Daugh
ters of the Mexican War held a regu
lar meeting Thursday, August 23, and
it was resolved that during the en
campment of the Knights Templar the
members will receive the visiting vet
erans of the Mexican War and ¦ their
families in the hall. of the Associated
Veterans of the Mexican War, room
H2. City Hall.
«
To Entertain. Veterans.
On the day of the parade eight am
bulances wii - be distributed along the
line, two physicians being in charge
of each. Mineral water booths will
also be placed along the streets, that
the thirst of the marchers may be
quenched.
? -*
K. McXutt. M. P.: H. J. Proschold. M. D.;
ahorras \V. Sorvlss. V. P. S.: F. R. Sutherland
M. L>.; J. M • Koper.'. 91. U: .P. M. Thomas
M. 1>.; A. 11. \\>fel»bur?. M. D; John Wac
ntr. M. U.; O. F. Westphal D. D 4 8
Harry A. Friedlander. administrator
of the estate' of hia wife. Bessie Fried
lander, who died In April. 1903. was
yesterday cited to appear on Septem
ber 15 in Judge Coffey's court and
explain why he did not include cer
tain Jewelry and wearing apparel in
the inventory of the estate. The cita
tion is made upon the petition of I. H.
H?rold. brother of Mrs. Fri<?dland>r.
and he alleges that tti? administrator
is '"3u?i>ected to have concealed, em
tenled. smuggled, conveyed away ana
ai?po«ed of moneys. good3 and chat
tels of the decedent" or has them in»
his possession. Herold. in his peti
tion, gives a long list of his sister'9
wearing apparek and jewels. When
Friedlander rendered his inventory. ha*
reported that the estate teas worth
$160. Herold values one party dress
at. nearly that amount. A year ago
Jlerold opposed the granting of let
ters of administration to Friedlander.
assailins th» latter's character, morals
aud reputation for honesty and infer
ring that there were suspicious cir
cumstances surrounding the death of
Mrs. FriedlanderJn which Friedlander
was Involved. 'In spite of the brother's
opposition the court granted the let
ters to the husband,
Brother-in-I^iw Starts Troubl**.
.SALT LAKE. Sent. . 1.— H. L. WM-i
ktnson, one of the party of Cleveland, i
Ohio, Knights Templar en route for »
th«* conclave at S<in Francisco, while j
{ hathingr in Greni Salt Lake this after- I
j noon accidentally s-aruitoxrefl a con- 1
j siderable -quantity cf ths brine. It »
! strangled h,im and the next Instant •
his head was under water and when '
rescued by attendants he was un- j
conscious. - He was - hurried to a hos
pital, where his condition is said to i*s
I critical. --.Wilkinson ls.<0 years of age.
¦-i-_i_ — »
Knijcht.-? nt Low Angeles.
LOS .AXUELES. S?pt. 1.— Three I
special trains of twenty-one cars. {
carrying Knights Templar to the Tri-I
ennial Conclave at. San Francisco, ar- j
rived In this city to-day over the ;
Southern Pacific. The Philadelphia*
nnd Harrishurg commanderies were
aboard these trains. One special was
handled independently by the Penn
sylvania Railroad. A special bearing
th«» Portland. Maine, commandery and
another with th<» Kokomo and other
Indiana delegations aboard are sched- ,
iiled to arrive this afternoon over the j
Santa Fe. The Troy. N. Y.. Knights, \
in three cars, are also due to arrive!
tc-day. The Apollo Commandery of |
Chicago. Kansas and Oklahoma antfi
the Boston delegation are expected to- |
morrow. r
Strangled by Brine.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 1.— Three
special trains bearing Knight* Tem
plar, whose ultimate destination is San
Francisco, arrived in Portland to-day.
The arrivals consisted of. the Denver
Knights Templar Club, with 125
swords and • ladles; Hamilton Com
mandery of Bridgeport, Conn., and
Holy Sepulchre- Commandery. twenty
two Knights and ladies, of Pawtucket,
R. I., and Tancred Commandery of
Pittsburg. Pa., with seventy-five peo
pl<». and Washington Commandery of
Hartford, .Conn., with 130 members
and. guests. Attached to the regular
Northern Pacific North Coast Limited
was a special car occupied by Lincoln
I*«rk Commandery. having 1 forty people.
Holy Sepulchre and Hamilton com
manderics I?ft this city over- the
Southern Pacific for San Francisco
this evening.
Portland Receives Knights.
Trip, to Mare lslaml «nd Rerkelcy and
' Ctihiest* tVstlyal Offered Visitors.
The ; I > rv>nK>tion j Committee' has re
ceived the i programme of the - concert
which will b«t given by the students of
the ' University of California In the
Greek theater at 4 o'clock oh .Thurs-^
day 'afternoon. September. 8. In honor
of the visltinK - Masons. This concert
has bi*cj» Included among the official
EKTKKTA1NMEXTS ARRANGKD.
The rehea:*i-al last night, while not
public, was open to the frleiiils of the
•ringers and many nere present to en
joy the treat.
On Sunday night- the huge chorus
will have the Hcompaniment of a band
.uf : forty pieces. Later In the, evtrn-
Ing Sir Khisht Samuel M. . Shortrid^e
will «Je!!ver an oration in memory of
th« martyred President.
. Five'scotions of seats were filled with
the women and children of the chorus,
while the - men slpgers' were gatherea
In a .large crowd* around . • the piano.
Professor' SlcKerxle, 'who has worked
faithfully- with tlis singers, tlien start
ed them in Sullivan's "Lost Chord."
After they had sunsr it through once a
few .weak places were. rehearsed again
and again until the rendition was' per*
feet. "Keck of Agvs" was, then cung
and" rehearsed until It was without a
flaw.* . , -" -
The great chorus of 750 voices that
will bv heard Sunday night at = the Me
chanics' PayiWon In the MoKlnley me
morial sacred concert held its fifth re
hearsal last night at the Pavilion under
Profeslor- Joh:VW. McKemle.
l>ii»fc<tsor McKciwic Completes Prcpa
..rtitlon for >loKinlcy Atrmorinl.
S «HH\T CHORUS ¦¦nKHKAIISKS.
The trophies will be awarded on the
drill grounds immediately' after the
drill. The original plan was to award
trophies on Thursday night. Septem
ber 8. In the Mechanics* Pavilion in the
presence of a (large multitude and un
der the auspices of the Grand Com
mandery of California. The original
plan .was changed to comply with, the
wishes of- members of the drill corps,
some of whom will not be able to re
main in San Francisco until Thursday
night or Friday morning.
¦If not more thun the four drill corps
thup far. entered will compete there will
be at least two and perhaps more valu»
able- trophies left in the hands of the
committee. Since California drill corps
!\9 hosts on this occasion are barred
from this competition It i^ the intention
to have, a competitive drill during the
annual of the Grand Com
mandery of .California. This will af
ford the California <1HII corps an op
portunity'to practice from now on until
next May. : ;;-
will provide adilltlunal facilities to ac
commodate the traffic, which is expect
ed to be the largest in the history of
this city. /
i CThe pompetltlve / drill for the most
J .valuable tW1>hies ever offered on any
! like occasion. l>y the crack dx-IU corps
I of th>» United States, <\\\\ attract the
greatest attention from mllitarj" men
ami rlvie organizations, as weir as from
uhe general public. .In anticipation of
\hf largest number of spectators ever
j assenibltd to witness a drill ¦ the..com
mittee selected the baseball ground of
Golden Gate l\\rk. ; The; capacity of
that Evoumt Is almost. withgut.Mlmit.
being entirely free' and x open and in the
center, of a larse terraced. park.". form-'
Ing th«> finest natural amphitheater/ in
the world. -There will be. uo admission
fee. ro crowding and no reserved
places. The humblest spectator will
have an equal .footing with, th« most
exalted Sir Knight In seeing ' the' drill
ou, Wednesday. September"^, commenc
ing at 10 o'clock In ,the morning .';
Only a wire will senarat^'-the drill
ground from' the • rest "of the park* that
the throng may not Impede;the:iu.ove-
ments of the competing corps. Seven
tents will bt» placed on the" ground for
the accommodation \of the' corp*," ; ; on«
fi>r each drill co,rps, and '• tbe_ others for
ttu» otlicers of the resv>ective.~command
evies, for the judges and' for the medi
cal department. The street car ; Unw
Cn»ck Corps Will Compete at Golden
Gate l*ork n«sfball tsround*.
i*iu:i\\K.vnoxs -for duili*.
Orovllle Commandery No. 5. one of
the oldest and loyal branches of
Tcmplarism in California, will come to
San Francisco with full ranks as part
of the Northern California battalion,
composed of the seven commanderiea
stationed fin towns' of the north. Oro
ville will l<ee»> open house in the com
bined h^adquartora. Mochahlcs' Pa
vilion, anil will have Its special recep
tion on Wednesday. September 7. Oro
ville Commandery. will arrive In this
city at « o'clock to-morrow afternoon,
and. with the Mother, commanderles
forming the battalion, will march from
the depot unho Mechanics' Pavilion,
(ty eminent commander, Albert Eugene
Hoynton. Is the youngest -member of the
commandery. He U aided in the work
of rrepaiing foj* the conclave by Sir
J. F. Waterhoxw, Sir G. J. Graham and
an executive committee.
Wednesday. September 7. will be the
great day for Naval and Stockton
c»;niman<K»rle!«, occupying jointly the
rume headquarters. A reception will
be given by the twrv- commanderles
from 7:30 until 9:20 p. in..' t« close. with
n grand ball In the evening. - ,
Thursday will be observed by the two
commanderleii in making formal- calls
on other commanderles during the day,
but Naval and Stockton commandertes
will receive In their own hall at night.
Friday will be observed in the same
manner. Saturday, reception and fare
wells. ' '?
The omclal programme of Naval
Commandery for conclave week is as
follows: On each evening of the week,
beginning with Monday, there will be a
band concert, commencing at 8 o'clock
and t- ml I ni? at. 10.
On each afternoon,, commencing with
Wednesday, there will ln» band concerts
from 2 to 4 o'clock. "¦ Refreshments will
also bt» served on each afternoon and
evening.
Hall. Jiy Kdd>' stiert: The headquar
tcis of this cnmnmndory have been
hrautlfully. docorated and ornamented
fur the occasion. '
C. O. Kenjoc.-M.rx. chWt of sta.iZ; A. Miles
Taylor. M. IX. e«cr«tary; . Wlnst«v Aml-»rs-.-n
M. >D.: Frank K. 'Ala^wcrth,' II. r>.: B. f. ai
«ten. M. !>.; IX K Ear«w. M. V.; Edward
HuoneiL M. D-: J. U B«rry. M. D.: Ocrxo
E. BusUn*IL M. I>.; J; A. Black, M. r>.; n. r.
Bryant. 5*. V.I W.K.- Crcth*r* il. tx.: C. V.
CTe»*. M. C>. : Georn* H. Evmas. M. D.; D.- E.
F, &sto«u M. D.: Edn* R. Fteld. M. IV; A. P.
lUtt. M.'D.r R-" E. Hartley M. rx:. Thomas I;
Jtne*. M. IX; H. I, JTooss." M. !>.; Thoai«
Mcrtttw. L». IX S.: S. M. M-juisirw M. O.^ \V.
Preparations yfor the car? of
Knights Templar that may be* in
jured or taken ill, during conclave
week are now complete ; headquar
ters having been established- in the
Palace HoteL The " following named
have been "appointed a medical staff
and : their services will b* at the dis
posal of the visitors at all times with
out: charge: ..
Staff Xnmrs to Care for Knights That
>lny Be incaiNtcitatexl.,
. — ; « _
PHYSICIANS WILII'ACT.
Admiral McCalla of Mare Island
has \ written Colonel Pippy that he
would be verj' Blad to place Mare
Island at the disposal of the visiting
Knlghtr. Templar during the conclave.
Admiral McCalla will ,send the tug
Unudilla to- take the visitors to Mare
Island antr in the event that more de
sire to (jo than can bs placed on the
Unadilla the tug Slocum will be at
the service of. the visitors.;
The Chinese Six Compnies of Cali
fornia announce that a Celestial fiesta
of exceptional Interest will be held by
the. Chinese population of San Fran
cisco ; at. the Yeonp \Vo Association's
house. 726 Sacramento street, becln
n|ns' Friday, September 9, and con
tinuing -until. Friday, September 16.
both days inclusive. The "house will
be open, from noon until 5 o'clock in
the monainK each day. Sir Knights in
uniform and their families will Be ad
mitted free of. charge. The ceremo
nies will be of h nature rarely se?n
outside of China. ' The festival which
will foe celebrated during; that period
Is onfi of rare occurrence.. The heads
of the Chinese Six Companies desire
to impress upon the visitors that there
is ; absolutely no charge of any kind
for witnessing the ceremonies in or
der that strangers visltlns: this city
shall not be. Imposed upon.
University of California Orchestra, "Hun
garian Dance" (Brahms): "The ' Singer's
March" (Werner). 1'nlvenlty of California
Glee Club; Ronc~ "A California Nljht Song"
(SttwnrO. Mrt. I*. Snl<Jer-John»on, violoncello
oWlf»lo. Mme. Elsa von OrOf«; «onr. "Vulcan's
Son*" iCiounciO. Thomas rUckartl; violoncello
»ol<\ ¦ "Simple Aveu" (Thonse). - b "Ber
ceuse" (Godard), Mm*. Elsa von.Grofe: i>art
•cnics. a "S«ren»d»" (Schubert>. b "My L*»v»
Sl»er»" (Lyn*»>. Univtriity Ule« Club: Uni
versity of <?HMfornla Orchestrn. selection* from
% ;Fjust" iGonncd).
All Knights Templar and their
friends and all friends of the univer
sity in general will be welcomed at
the concert. It will begin at 4 o'clock
and will last about an hour. There
will be no charge for admission. The
programme will be as follows: •
Dr. H. J. Stewart of San Francisco,
director of the University of California
Glee Club, arranged the programme
for the concert. The University Glee
Club, the university orchestra and
several soloists will participate.
The soloists will be Thomas Rickard.
the Mayor of Berkeley: Mrs. L. Sni
der-Johnson, soprano, and Mme. Elsa
von Gr.ofc. the cellist.
events of the conclave and it is ex
pected there will be a jrreat attend
ance of Knights Templar from . all
parts of the country.
Receptions Prepared
by Corrimanderies
of Interior.
Staff of Physicians to
Care for III and
Injured. . .
Tte rvf.rt»«nei who would »tamp out
tin fvil nmst be well heeled.
IXiRTl.ANlV fc\-!'t. 1.— 1'lans for the
eyira»olldstu>n of the City ami Suburban
and .Portland railway companies, o'per
at'inW nartlcally all the car lines in
and atnmt Portland, were completed
to-day. The, nVw o\*mpany will »>e in
tx«rporated (ot ii.000.OW, ami will bt
kfivwn as the Portland and Suburban
IU*1« ay .' Company.
— i ¦ » ¦ . —
IJrvan ju> \ i*n »1h* (iraml Chiiuhi
"LOS ANGE1£8, Sept. I— William J.
lhya»» «-*h1 family \Ciii leave. Lincoln.
N>b., 3 for a visit to the
lirsnd Cariyun. I'HefwHi irmaln at the
fanvon abo»«t a we«k. The only. »t«>p
Hh«-duredtr> route ia at Denver, Hry
kn will l«e avvv'.n»j>au'eJ l>> Mr*. Ury»n.
ihvir ten, William J, Jr.. and daughter.
UracV. . BkO
KntihtN TetnjHar l»f>^»raiW»i:>
Saabora, Vail v \ «\». ;*\ \Urk«-t str«<u
;Mn»i*h »s. embieoi foi. decoratloit, "-T^«
:»i»ss "ind (>»«." ftntKhpd In red. Mack
tl*<J f^<id Th^ ita'ul«'«in«-s« Una m<?M »p
¦•¦¦¦¦• i".- for Ktare or house de**<\ration
lf .•tt' t jyf B « < I*^ rr * 1 ******* IU>c!»tM
• n » ? » .¦ -- . •
In I;- iii a .ic-. .itiiuii tli«o •Track. '
- KKPIUNU. >*ri»t. 1-Thr.eV oil cars -of
thv ni>nhli<>un«l Height train Jumped
iM-.trark- bet wee.ii Copley and Kennet
this -un.iriins and piled up In the ditch.
No one uan.hurt. The cause of the
»\TeVk is "unknown. Traffic \\m# tied
u p; rfo'if Kev.eral hour*. : The Ofegon ex
preui w«» hekl here and the" California
expreca ai Klras, 7 S
•= ; -'.. : _
llrittthiiry Jit-c Is I'oMjHMitui
n\X KAFAKU Sept, 1.— The pre.
lim'tAury examination of \V. H. Hrud
bury. on ii. . '¦• . it,- of uMsault, prefer
red by-Mrn. C tionlnn. was postponed
by. 'j'uKtiVe Mugetv to-day at th* request
c^.the iiefeiis-e..- The' defendant waa
gra'ntect a continuance until Saturday
In order '..I p. necur« the attendance of
tm»oix.tni witiu-jis.s.
¦ . . » ? m
iNuthrml i::«iiv\.i\«"('(«ii^iih>.iHtt*
tnick ulie.i» he kuw the locomotive »p
l.irnvUl/ingv Hp ¦ Jumped from the
WiigoiV • to save, himstelf, hut " .was ' so
u rjrtrte'd- tttat he could not inove off
the. 'track.': :.• The next liistttnt' the en
jfcioe'v •truck uAd . killed him. Uta
ihother .i» in a critical cmiditlon to
night, iheiifwH of her boh'b death
¦ha'viris caused iifFvouh prostration.
juttipx I i •Mil Wnui'ii en .Sine. Illin-clf,
: lust; NIhhMp. ti» Il-»t?api» Ap
•'. - . ' . _ .'. |u-du«.lrlnc Kugliie.
: .vi >m« >.vA. ¦ Sept. l.~ Harry 'Hantlfcr.
<>iiis- s«»ii tif Frank Handler .of .Pomona
A'altey.. Wais UIIIcmI thla nften»o«n by a
K«.uthfin Pacific '4oi*nni<tUve. The boy
v;:"ii , rj4inR in* a wagon acron the.
1JOV IS Ml.! I.I) WHILE
'. . «m>ss!X« nAHAVAY TRACK
Naval Commandery No. 19, stationed
at Vallejo. Will*. arrive in' .this city
by steamer at J:15 p. m. on Mon
day- next. Naval Commandery will
be atcowpanled by ih« Naval {tana,
which . has been e«sas«^l tut con
clave we*k. and th* escort -commit
tee wltl meet the Sir Knights and their
families »t the landing j»U»c» and escort
them 't«' their headquarter* : *t ,: Lyric
Naval of Vallrjo nml Oro^Ule IHan to
Kntortatn «t lUniilquniicr*.
COMMAS DK1UKS •' tX>Ml.\«.
Upon reaching the depot rtt th*» foot
of Market street the party will l»e tntX
by nn escort -cohklstinc of SW Sir
Knifthts of California Commandery,
mounted on black 'steeds, who will net
as a guard of honor. They will be com
manded by Captain R. P. Hurlbut.
There will be mounted buRlers and a
band of forty pieces, mounted guides
and outriders. The grant! master will
rlvie in a carriage drawn i'y four white
horses. CarrlaRts will he pn>vuled for
the members In his party' and he will
be escorted, with the guard of honor
precepting him. from- the ferry up
Market street to Post, along To$t to
Stockton, down Stockton to Market
and -down to the Palace Hotel,
\\ here headquarters hav>> t>een provided
for him and his party.
Uaper Commandery No. 1. Crawford
ville Ccn^manUer^¦ No. 25 nml Oreeu
feld Coninia^iUtiy No. 39. all of Indiana,
a'vtlveti yejjtv'rday.' They were vecelved
ai the ferry by a committee and es
corted to headquarters, where the mem.
bers wpent the afttrnoon. chatting with
the Un-al kniphtf. ami complimtn^InK
the preparations lhat hav» be?n made
tor the conclave. ¦ The commandertesj
that are due to-d&y an? Cincinnati No.
3 uf Cincinnati. Palestine No.. 5^ of
SprlngfleW. H*ed No, 6 of I>ayton* O.;
New Haven NA 3 of New ; Haven,
Conn.; Urbana No. 16 of Urban*,. UK.
and the Texas rommanderlcs that ac
company the grand master.
Past Grand Commander Frank \\\
Punmer, offloerji and members of the
(•rand Commandery of California ami
also members of local' i-oinmanderlett
who are members of the Grand Kn
(-ampnient will go across the bay to
meet the grand master. California.
Commandery will be represented by a
«pei«l&l delegation, headed by Eminent
Commander Charles M. Plum and his
staff of. officer*. Eminent Commander
P. D. Code of Golden Gat<* Commandery
and hi* staff of, officers will cross the
bay as a delegation from that torn
mandery. On arrival of the train at the
Oakland mole the band that will at - %
rompany the rcivj»tlon committee will
l>lay '"Hail to the Chief" and other ap
propriate alr».
Hooted and spurred ami mounted on
their raven thnreeis. 2M Sir Knights
wlil greet their chief. Grand Master
Henry Bates Stoddard, this mornlnjr.
The specjal train carryine th« grand
maatfr and three commahderies that
accompany him is due at the. Oakland
mole at 8 o'clock, and with stately
ceremonies he will be received and e»
corffcd to his quarters. : * ;
Mounted Escort and
•Band Will Lend* "
Dignity.
Knights Templar Are
Ready to Greet
Judge Hebbard "yesterday annulled
the marriage. Qf Samuel- O'Toole and
Belle O'Toole;. They were jharrjed 1ft
June of this year- aiidori the wedding
night she left him and* has not been
seen since by .the kusband.'- Izfij
Divorces were granted . by Judge
Kerrigan to. Lill'ie. J. fehoen from Wil
liam F.Shoen, for- neglect; t&- Lizzie '
Gehrun from^ J: ¦ tJ "-Gehrun; • tor-; ne
glect r to Emma. T. Beyers from. Harry.-
H. Beyers, for neglftct by. Judge Mu- "
rasky to tuella • O. Smith f-rbm Wil
liam J. Smith, ior extreme cruelty;; to '
Charles. W. 'Brabandt from Caroline
Brabandt, for cruelty." ; : •.
They have not been njarried a year,
but Edward Ge>i3ch .has. decided* *tha_t
his wife Is too cruel • to warrant him
In living Jonger with .her. In, a; suit
for divorce which he filed yesterday.
he set forth. that Catherine stayed out
late at -night- and when he remon
strated she 'would soream. When h£
went into another room. to. sleep she
continued to ''scream and .pulled the
bedclothes off Him. * Ifeckilnis that
she struck him. in, 'the 'face, knocked
him down and told' his em payers that
he was stealing -cig"are*t5s from* them.
Other suits for divo/ce were "filed
by Edgar il.. Armstrong, against
Bertha Armstrong f or -'dasiertlon .and
Violet Johnson -against -Axel Johnson,
extreme cruelty.. . . • •' v> -•
Few Months" of -Married Wfe .Enough
for Husbarid-^-bthcv Cases Un . .
T- Divorce Court. *
GERISCH SAYS WIFE . ' ;;
.'.;-' -¦; HAS BEEN.' TOO CRUEL
JPORTLAND, Sept. l.-jWith a.^eavy'
silver and ebooy hair "brush Mrs. H. .'
Erlckaon put a burglar' to fyghf Just ¦
before daylight" this morning. .She.:
caught him crouching at her bedroom
door in the Citizens' block, on the East .
Side, and took careful -aim • with the
brushy striking him a stinging blow, on '
the head. Howling with pain', the* in- *
trader Jumped to his feet, crxing: "Oih
don't kill me." He then ran downstairs
and disappeared. ..•".• •. •
"I was sleeping, with my sister and. '
was awakened by the creaking -of "the
door between ' the bedroom ami th* _
kitchen." said Mrs. Erickson, JnteUins '
of her adventure, "and- I roused • my '
sister.- Together we got.un, lighted, tha .
lamp and went to thedodr, I had my
hair brush, which is of ebony, mounted- .
with silver! We surprised the burglar
and caught him crouchin'g'.by the, door..
I took deliberate aim and. brought the'
brush down on his', head .with all ..my .
might. I guess he thought 1 had. a re- I
volver, and I am sorry I dlan'i. He"
jumped to his feet- and/ dashed out
through the kitcfien and- .got away."..
Then I guess* 1 fainted'."'
Special- Dispatch to Th* CalL
Nocturnal Prowler Finally
' Takes to His Heels '¦ and
Victor Promptly faints
•VVckih had.l><-tn mi a n'rofrat-tetl Sn'roe
whlVh i«-d to tr«>iul'.le' Mih m*-"mln»ia of
ir.» -?at:»!!y. ".Ht'-ihfn «>et-anie deapond
in't ; &nd -'wl'iilr jn that condition ended
histjift: Mlf wun ul.Kiut t>l year* of age
aird -K*» *<*«.«! w.lfi* und mveml children.
¦ srhU.'S; .Sriit! f.-Luuw W«wrth. a
Ifanhih- -ttpcher, who" rtftldtd »" few
jiYilr»«*aet of'HuUun, committed suicide
iiV- : day •>>•.¦• fajmfflnff* hlmnelf. -U« tied
& r«'r><". aJ^uTut hisnet'k and Juade th«
¦ •thy:- t- lid fast- to-.a \u\ah\ in the l>arn,
JJm -lifx-rfsi .Iioti> was found auipendi-ti
An rh£ »»lr tiy, his dxiig-hn-r. ; : \ ,
I'iiiuH Wi>rJi.-Mtir QuarrolUiJi With
- '¦¦_ ••¦ I'llfc '- rhtiiiiy. Ili-foiiM"* IU'n|HiiuN
«'ni aiul- 4'<iiiitult!» Suicide.
: : ;Tiiel!(!'»irli, *fn<« -fche .la a Hritish
Meimn;. tiaV nn right .to ply any lhtrr*
:' : miHljate" tributary .water cour«e be*
l«>pn Dnv8i)u';au«1 rtt." Michael..
?•" •A";'it:l»«'» : t' X-'M brought to D&Wton
i'ittfte VlfnV; «i;i»"thot 't-h*- «£*rt"**6n the
: iir«M ; .ari>r. "inteiu'ed. to. »eJ«»; tlie vessel,
'i."\>ri>owrr -the r»r:>ttiin arfu- run her up
th^VKfiyukuk.-tntit/'ad o{ coming to
,l»nV,K".Ti. -l/.itf-fct ; repprti fndJratf-thiit
;Whitifolng of t'mit.kind «4i 4ot>». :*
lIA.vciniit .;ii.\\<is UlMjtKM'
Tit ¦'.hAI-TW. IV HIS UAftN
TAOOMA. " 8V;.». 1 -A Dawson dljs
l>atitv enys tljai full corioboratlon of
the" i'ej.ort thai the nrlilsh steamer
iii-ermfch. ¦.%ihU-h . .-Heared • from St.
Michael for I)«\\Hon, had gone UP the
ICoyufcuk rlvei oh a atanu»ede Jo "Mldaa
i}.etU, wag*' brought. (•>' 1'seeengera ar
rjvjngfliut night «n the .steamer Susie.
'I he Jle*e*rch wak neen fifty mll«» u|>
th« ICoyukuk. \u»<Hug UP atre^ni. •
•Hteuart Men&ifa, auditor *)t the
t'onunrn ial Company, was
among t him*. k%o caw the Uesearch.
jj« \vaV rc.niine <1<mn ihr Koyukuk on
i'h« ' .>A ea int-r Koyukuk. lt.afMwuied to
iirtitjitt that tin re w*re about thirty
Vri»T> .»n thp-lt« % s<'tti< h It \\ ns.ve ported J
4b*f 1 A .ruaturnn <>l!li«'r : Intended ..to go
jjp:ih<* Kovuhuk-. t<» »i ize hjr.
ep*cui nup«tcb t» Tb« cm
]{<']H>rf Is Circulated That
IVospei'tors Forced , Mas
ter to. Change His Course
VESSEL MAY HE SEIZED
PLEADS FOR HIS LIFE
Hritisli Steamer Research,
Which Cleared for Dawson,
• Heads for 31idas Creek
Portland. Woman Finds Him
at Her Bedroom Door and
Beats Him With a Brush
CAPTAIN MAY
BE A PRISONER
GIVES BURGLAR
A BIG SURPRISE
POMP AND CEREMONY WILL MARK MASTER'S COMING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2, 1901
4
GRIFFIN EXTRA
CATSUP and TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TKONS OF THE CALL.
Hum* brhijctns to THK CALX
iiflUx-. ohhci- 1'hurMlay. i>ui:«>
or Nutt«t\Ut\. h u mu Mil. will rcC
i'HVc «« t>ottle of t;ritUu Kvm*
t -M»;t|» mihI ;»Im» » can of taif.
ftn tviia Tmuato Soum niii«|t> hy
Cahfortita rYuit CmiuumV .\x«o.
i-i-«ti»»ii. rnx 1 .
- *mv- niiiHHiiuviiifn! on rlMtxi.VERDICT ¦ CAUSES HYSTERIA.— Violet
Carter, a -.young « woman . accused or . stealing
$140 ' from • John V'iera. was «; found » guilty or
grand- larceny by >a>- Jury in Judge Lawlsr's
court last nicht. . Wh»n the verdict was an
nounced the woman-became hysterical and her
piercing Bhritlta. rang. through- :the -corridors of
the . Hall of i Justice. - She was . taken back to
prison 'sobbln?- and' screaminu, alternately.'- ¦
Yoscniite ¦ Kxcurslon.
. $25 DO ground trip to Yosemite- Valley
and' the Big Trees on^th'e personally "con
ducted^ Knights . Templar • excursion ¦* of
September 3. Ask at 641 Market 1 St.* :
CONVICTED. OF SIMPLE; ASSAULT—
Thomas McFall. and Thomas Norton were
tried before a < Jury in .ludye Lawlor's court
yesterday on "a. charge or assault " with intent
to do great bodily , Injury. .The jury brought
In a .verdict or ¦ 8lm»le assault. They were
ordered to appear. for sentence next. Wednes
day^ and v.-ere released on ?20O - bonds each.
They had a '-fight with A." F. Flanagan on- the
Oorbett roadmen "JunelO and it .was. alleged
that they knocked Flanagan down and kicked
him." ' . " ¦ . ' "
From Los Angeles — -Miss F. Archer,
at the : Everett; R; A.- Strassf orth. at
the Criterion; Mrs. P. Wintonl at. the
Imperial, ; ahd'C- F.' Murray, at the
Grand Union. ''; . ..
NEW YORK, Sept. 1.— The follow
ing Californians'.are in ; New York:
From • San Francisco^G. H. Arthur,
at the Grand Union; ~G. Lewis and
Mrs. J.'s: Le\yis, at the Holland; Mrs.
M. E. Murphy, at the Grand Union;
H. H. "Brown, at the' Imperial; G. F.
Gray and wife, at the Gilsey House,
and H. A.^Yiizaek, at the Imperial.
-. From: Santa: Cruz— W. . C. I Duval, J.
M. Sharp, : Dr. . G. H. v Sharp and "Miss
'A'. B. ' Walker^ at 'the "Park Avenue
HcteL-l^^UfcSUttlS^f; 1 -:" ;¦'¦.•¦>.¦¦
Calif ornians hi New, York.
We are selling: apents for "The .Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for, "The Marshall." the beat Jl fountain
pen. over made. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street, v . . . *.
Good Points to Remember.
A woman .is 'a delusion that every
mm hues at some time or other.
The people who arrive late ' for din
ner never get their deserts.
PORT TOWNSEND.Wash., Se^t.l.
Work is now progressing on thii re
moval of .the". headquarters of the' Pu
g'ef Sound artillery; district' from Fort
Flagler to Fort •' Wordeh;' adjacent to
this city. Colonel Grimes expects " to
complete the transfer 'inside of ten
days.-.
Military .Headquarters Being Rcrridvoil
NEW YORK, Sept. 1. -Samuel L.
Dana, the, young bank clo:k who was
found in Central Park a Tiw weeks
ago suffering, from a bullat wound in
the right breast and wluhaaken
hovering between, life ind deith.'was
discharged .by Magistrate Whitman to
day arid will be allowed to so to his
home in Iowa. There was no evidence
to show who had shot htm and he re
fused to -make any statement to-day.
Bank Clerk Dan.i Keleascil.
" Secretary Shaw Speaks at Salem.
SALEM. Sept. 1. —Hon. Leslie M.
Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury, to
night delivered a stirring address to
several thousand people. Shaw de
devoted rcrich time in an appeal to
young men to forsake the precedent
of their fathers when it came to vot
ing 1 and to determine by careful and
conscientious analysis the most fitting?
Presidential candidate and to' then
cast their votes a3 they thought best.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Sept.; 1. 7^-
Crlarjes [sj Clark will be executed at
the State penitentiary tb-mo/rcw
lnorningrfor the murder of Leila Page
at Olymnia. Clark, hoped for com
mutation and held u:> well until to
night, when he almost collapsed.
Must Die 011 the ! Gallows.
REDDING, Sept.' 1.— Four-year-old
John, Conrad shot and killed his sister
Clara, ased 5 years, this at
Cassell, In the northeastern part of
Shasta !' Count*/. The shooting was ac
cidental. Fred Conrad, the father of
the children, Is a well known farmer of
the Cassell region. ¦ ¦ , • . • ; , ¦ .,
William Conrad, an older , brother,
had been out hunting this morning and
when- he returned 'from the woods 'he
took the shells from the shotgun -and
placed them on a table in the center of
the. room. .He put the gun in a corner
and then left. the room. John, who is
but little more than a baby, took the
shells from where he had , seen . )his
brother, place- them, loaded" , the gun;
pointed it out doors and discharged it.
His sister Clara, aged 5, was seated on
the steps and the charge of shot tore
away the side of her head, killing her.
Miss Jennie M. McKew and Howard A.
Turner were united at a pretty wed
ding at the residence of the bride's un
cle, Hon. -John Shirley, 1205 Jackson
street, at noon yesterday. The cere
mony was attended by only a few
friends and relatives of the couple.
The, bride is the daughter of Mrs. M.
C. McK^ew and the late John McKew,
one of; California's pioneers and a for
mer Supervisor of this city. The groom
is the son' of the late George R. Turner,
pioneer,' and one time City and County
Surveyor, of San Francisco. Mr. Tur
ner is 'a well known insurance man,
connected with i the German-American
Insurance "Company.
The Rev. John A. Cottle of St. Brl
gid's" Church tied the knot that bound
the happy,, pair. Robert W. Turner,
brother of the groom, acted as best
man.- MIes Mamie McKew was maid
of honor and Miss Mabel Kelly brides
maid." V
Mr. and Mrs. Turner left last night
for;an. extended trip in the south, and
on their, retnrn will reside at 1539 Jones
street.- -
¦¦,'•- *¦ . . *..¦¦>* * • .
'Mrs.. Laura Le Tourneaux sail yes
terday, on the transport Thomas for
Manila, to become the bride of Major
W.' B.v Schofield, son of General John
M. Schofleld: . The romance of their
lives began some years ago, when Ma
jor Sch'ofleld was stationed here. By
a happy a year ago to-day
the. same transport carried the groom
to; Manila. "
" Major Schofield is a graduate of Yale
and now ; holds the position of paymas
"ter:**- 1 C :: '.*. :"':.. ' /. "
• Le Tourneaux is an artist and
has been .with Mrs. S. V. Culp at / 233
.Geary,"~street: a number of years.
- . From ; the sad faces ' that watched the
Itranspoft sail out of sight one -knew
J that Mm Le ..Tourneaux' was leaving
her. . many, regretful friends, and
the* circle of which she was a member
will "miss^er. happy^. presence.
>The . marriage Avill take place "imme
diately ; upon her arrival, the s army
chaplain 'officiating. / .
.' Any/ fellow who is in doubt will. tell
'ybusthat-'it isvbetter to do than to be
durinedM,
.'After the wedding a'reception was
held at, the home of the bride, and
groom on Sacramento street, to which
only relatives were invited.
.The .^wedding of Miss Ruth Quinan
and .Charles Marks was quietly cele
brated last night at the Swedenborgian
Church, the Rev. Joseph ; Worcester
reading, the service. The beautiful lit
tle chapel was alight with candles, re
vealing,great branches of oak against
the redwood ceiling, while on the read
ing desk rested a jar of lilies.
,- The bride,, who is a stunning maid,
wore a white pina gown, heavily em
broidered, a long tulle veil and a bou
quet of white carnations. She was given
into the keeping of the groom by her
brother. Dr. Clarence Quinan. being
otherwise .^unattended.
( /Thomas" Berry served the groom,
.while H. B. Ticknor and Robert Harri
son attended the guests. ;;.\ : .
H. Wales Lines of Meriden, Conn.',
grand treasurer of the Grand En
campment of the Knights Templar,
accompanied ¦ by Frank 'M. Chapin of
AV r ashington Commjindery of Pine
Meadow, Conn., arrived here yester
day and are suests at. the Palace.'
Major G. W. Johnson, who for'many
years resided at the Occidental, re
turned yesterday from a visit to the
St. Louis Exposition. ' \~-,~i '^\tl : '>[\'. : '.
H. T. Ehves of Colesborne, England,
an' eminent scientist, -a hose writings
on trees are considered the best author
ities in the world, passed through this
city yesterday on his way from Shasta
County, where he had been studying
California trees.
S. A. Moss of Montoelier, ;Vt., who
13 heavily interested in "dredging prop
erties near Oroville,' i3 at the St.
Francis.
Former State Senator . A. j F.. Jones
of Oroville arrived at trie: Palace yes
terday to attend the Knights Templar
conclave. . ; • = :;,".' .¦¦' -.' .
Governor John Sparks of • Nevada
arrived in this city yesterday and is
staying at the Palace. '.
James Jay Brady, advance agent
for. Ringling Brothers' circus, and
wife are at the Occidental, j • ¦
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
for the Nickel Plate line, registered at
the Occidental yesterday. . ;
Dr. H. Meek and wife of London,
Ont., are among the latest arrivals at
the Occidental.
Dr. George Elliott of Toronto is
staying at the Palace.
Dr. W. J. Howells of Spokane Is
registered at the Palace. . . .;*]
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Grand.
Dr.- and Mrs. S. D. Walker of Hono
lulu are at the St. Francis. > .
Captain T. U. S. Menzies/ a rancher
of Merced, is at the Palace.
' Judg? John D. Works is up. from
Dos Angeles and registered- at ' the -St.
Francis. ','/¦' .
PERSONAL.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey,
is at the Palace.
FAIR MAIDENS
BECOME BRIDES
BEFORE ALTAR
BELIEVES IN TRANSMIGRATION. —
GeorgV B. Huber. who is laboring unrier hallu
cination «f the transmigration cf bouls, is
t»cur: -"ing :¦. cell Sn the Detention Hospital for
th«- Insane Surpectf. H'Jber was found on
ff«toMtoy at h Presidio landing; with « model
cf a Vm«ll beat, int«.« which he was abmt to
Itep lor the purp> wt of K^ing through the
•iol.lrn Gate to inhabit' m. new sphere in the
<r.h»r \sorld-.
CATHERINE BELL LOSES CONTEST—
Catherine Bell cannot e>ct the Southern Pa
cif.c Company from her property in Santa Bar
bara County, according to a decision rendered
by the Supreme Court jesterday. The rail
fad »3« ziven a written agreement that It
might have rlsl.t of way across the Bell prop
erty and a deed to that effect was promised.
The de<?d tvhs never riven, hut Instead the
rull in ejectment was instituted. The court
hold? that the railnad has a rieht t>j a deed.
Dr. Waldenstrom has always taken
an active Dart in affairs of State' and
for over twenty years he has been a
member of Parliament in Ms- native,
land. He has been active in. religious
work and whenever he preaches crowds
go to hear him.
Dr. P. Waldenstrom, the well-known
orator, will address the Swedish people
of this city Saturday evening at the
Young Men's Christian Association Au
ditorium and on Sunday evening he
will talk at the Alhambra."
Dr. Waldenstrom will arrive here on
Saturday, with his wife and danghter.
This is' his third tour through America.
He "has also traveled extensively
throughout Europe and the Holy
Land, about which he has written sev
eral books. - { His works in\" Latin and
theology are well • known; ' and .... the
"Pretlsten," a semi-monthlfy maga
zine, edited"; by him. is widely circu
lated both in Sweden and America. He
was born in Luleo, Sweden, July 20,
1S38. In 1863 he received the degree of
doctor of philosophy and some, years
later the degree of doctor of divinity
from Yale. For many years he has
been a professor of theology, Greek
and Hebrew in the College of -Gene,
Sweden.
Dr. P. Waldenstrom the Well
Known Orator to Give
an Address.
In refusing to comply with th« de
mands of their men the slaughter
house owners declare that, theiv em
ployes are averaging $110 a :nonth
and that a decrease in the hour.-? of
labor and the limiting of daily killir.q
will seriously affect the butcher <-u?i
n^ss.
Fifteen sheep butchers employed in
the slaughter-houses of B. Saltes &
Co.. William Taaffe & Co. and Cliy
burgh & George are on a strike :\s a
result of the refusal of their employ
ers to grant them an eight-hour work
ing day and an additional concession
in the restriction of the daily liilliiuj
of sheep to forty-five.
It was stated yesterday by one of
the employers that if the men insist
on their demands and do not return
promptly to work th» proprietors will
break away from all union ties and
establish the open shop, policy 'n
Butchertown.
Strike of Sheep Butchers Suggests to
Proprietors the Breaking Away
From Unions.
SLAUGHTER-HOUSE OWNERS
THREATEN. AX OPEN SHOP
DR. P. WAL.DENSTROM. < WELL.
KNOWN SWEDISH ORATOR WHO
WILL, LECTURE IN'THIS CITY..
In' the Si herf case the jury acted
quickly. T»r. Bacigalupi was called to
.describe the location and nature of the
bullet wound in Schultze's body.! The
murdered man's little daughter, who
witnessed the shcoting. also testified.
Arthur Murphy, who tried to shield
Scherf hy. hiding the weapon with
which the shobtiss was dene, was al?o
rjuestioned.- The Jury then decided that
there were ruff.Hent grounds to charge
Scherf With murdor." •
Attorney Murphy maintains that the
loA'er courts appointed by the charter
have ViO power in felony cases and that
their jr*^.diction is limited to misde
rr.fAn'ir cat?*- The attorney claims
that Pc-'.iye Judges are usurping powers
which arc granted l»y the State to Jus-
U<+s of the Peace. This is a point
which has not been raised before. The
question -will be fought out when the
v.rit is returned to Judge Cook.
The care of Scherf will now go to
th* Superior Court without a hearing
in th<= Police Court. Most of the ses
sion cf the Grand Jury was taken up
by.' £.¦ h«?sring of the charges of Marc
Aufer.blic-k . against Police Commis-
Eir.ner Reasran.
' After briefly Questioning four - ;t
nfFses in the cafe the Grand Jury yes
tenJay afternoon indicted Gustave J.
Sch<?rf, a poundman, for the murder of
Ruiolf \VT. Schultze on August 24. The
preliminary examination of Scherf.
which began in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday rftorr.ing, was stopped by an
unprecedented proceeding.
Frank J. Murphy, attorney for the
pcur.dman, secured a writ from Supe
rior Judge Cook restraining the Judge
of the lower court from holding the ex
amination on the ground that Police
Judges have no Jurisdiction in felony
case*. Tb** writ is made returnable to
Judge Cock on September 12. Because
of this v.rit Judge Cabaniss continued
the Scherf; hearing until September 15.
The Police Court Judge is ordered to
>hu\v why he should nut be perma
nently restrained from holding an ex
amination in this case.
In a suit filed in the United States
District Court yesterday Andrew Furu
seth, secretary of the Coast Sailors'
Union, claims to have been damaged
to tht extent of $205,000 by the Pacific
Mail Steamship. Company, from which
he seeks to recover that amount. Furu
seth alleges that . the damages, sus
tained bv him grew out of the action
of the company in transferring 205
Chinese sailors from the steamship Si
beria to the big liner Manchuria.
The complaint contains 205 counts,
one for each of the crew, and $1000 dam
ages is claimed in each allegation. It
is set forth that the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, contrary to law, Im
ported the Chinese under contract to
labor in th« United States. In what
manner Furuseth has been damaged by
the action of the Mail Company his
complaint fai!s to explain. ' .--^
ACCIDENTALLY
KILLS SISTER
The basement 1 was used for storage
purposes by the Sunset Cycle Com
pany of 1566 Market street. The .pro
prietors, Markowitz & Zehinsky, claim
'to have $8000 worth of rubber goods
in the basement and carry $4000 in-
I surance. Their stock' in the store was
• mostly damaged by. smoke and v the
! damage to the. goods. In the basement
{ could not be ascertained. The fur
| nishing goods store of J. Marymont at
' 1570 Market street was .mainiy dam
! aged by smoke; and is, fully insured.
i The upper, portion of the building is
occupied by the Hotel Newton, con-
J ducted, by ..Mrs. Newton. -.She estimates
I her damage at $1000, covered hy in
!.sur?.ncb.. ;The. -damagetp the building
i; will .nof. exceed. $100^:: v v/i, ?;";,- ij:r. ;,
' M.-.E. Cog'hHn^; who. c conducts :a sa
loon *at 1574 •Market' .street, { claims to
have had . $1000 *veAtisikof^^ctC : stored
in the bas.em.ent, 6ut .w*as u'nableto es
timate hlS lOSS. ., ;,_"',¦ \
The firemen attribute the origin of
the fire to spontaneous.. combustion.
Fire ¦.; and illuminating gas , made, a
formidable for the. Fire
Department to' fight last nigh t'in the
baserheht lot, the.' ; premises situated \ at
156G to 1570 Market ; street, , owned by
Judge Ilqbbina of Oakland.' Before the
flames were under, control and' the flow
of escaping: gas, checked nine firemen,
including Battalion. Chief Waters,' were
overcome by' the fumes of the deadly
monoxide. \" ; - -T -V ¦ -7. ''
The surgeon, .TViHIam Stevens,. at the
Central Emergency,; Hospital, was kept
busy for some.; time; administering to
the brave firemen,* who were conveyed
to that institution In the ambulance.
All recovered sufficiently to be able to
return to their quarters. It Is regarded
as miraculous that an explosion did not
occur.
Smoke was seen, issuing from the
basement of - the building about 10:30
o'clock. ; An' alarm was immediately
sounded.- from box 76 and the apparatus
was soon on 1 the .scene. The. fire was
burning briskly in fttfij basement and
.several lines were soon playing on the
flames. The lead 'connections: to sev
eral gas meters were, melted and -then
trouble began for the firemen. Captain
Thomas Murphy was the first to suc
cumb to the poisonous fumes and was
carried to' the sidewalk. The ambu
lance conveyed him to' the. hospital.
Battalion Chief Waters was also as
sisted out of the basement in a weak
ened condition, i Frank Jorda'n, Frank
Care w, George ;Mctiaughlin and Daniel
Toomey' of truck >3; Lieutenant Mike
Hannon of chemical. 4,. Operator Bert
Butler and Harry Dicks of the fire
patrol -were /'also taken .to the hospital
for treatment.'**/
Alleges Injury by Reason
of Corporation's ; Importa^
tion of. Chinese Seamen
Judge Cook Grants an Order
Rest raining Police Court
From .Holding-Examination
Market ¦) Street Y;;Blaze; /=¦ and
/Melt ing r Gaspi pes Make
a Dangerous CoinlJinatipn
WIUT STOPS HEARING
HE DEMANDS $205,000
EXPLOSIONillS
Gustave Sclierf Is Charged
. Witji Murder After Brief
Questioning of Witnesses
Secretary of .the Sailors'
Union Sues Pacific Mail
Company for a Big Sum
Injured Men Are Treated at
" aii(i Recover From
tlie ; Effects^of the Fumes
IS INDICTED
BY GRAND JURY
FURUSETH ASKS
HEAVY DAMAGES
SWEDISH
LECTURER
TO SPEAK
GAS OVERCOMES
NINE FIREMEN
,• • _> ¦ •' . 'V--.- ¦ . ¦ ¦¦¦..-¦¦•.
THE; SAN -tFRaXCISCO-. CALL;:..TODAYy; ,;SEI>TEM,RER- . 2, -.. 1904,
5
FREE. ;;v FREE:
•"A -.Wagon Load of
"GRIFFIN EXTRA: ,.J
CATSUP. and TOMATO SOUP
FREE V TO , WANT AD. PA-
TRONS OF : THE CALL.;,
Those bringing: to TltECALIi'
office.,- cither Tliursday, , IVitlay r -
or Saturduy. n .want ad.'; will re-
"celvc" a' bottle of Griffin Extra '
:. Catsup "and : iilsb'a" ; can~ of r Grif-
fin Extra Tomato Soup,* made by ' :
California Fruit Cannei-s' - Asso- :
i'clp.i ion, free.'; . . : , - 7 -
See announcement : on classi- f -
a .fled pnCV- ; - ¦
loss of their girlish form3
-' ¦ ¦¦ 'U .. ¦..;¦ All of this can be avoided,
howev(Br;,by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. '"Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth,- and carries the expectant mother safely through
this. critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands- gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tb«
use; of. this .wonderful _ ' . , —
S&'fS MffiihgBi 9 &
book, telling all about , h^hm ¦ m • m
this liniment,* -will be sent free. Bl"" EZfa 13 jT^fo JBUI Ht&!
Tii titim Realitir Ce., Aibiti. Bl F bB&EmSS
ADXKItTISKMKNTS. .
1 Extraordinary Value Giving in the
QB '-fiigfiest Qualities 'o! Fine Furnishings
\ FURNITURE
Oar snperb assortment ct beautiful furniture, involving all the
• latest dcii>ms woods and finishes;
Reduced 10 to 40 per cent
V/rtixrirf a v>
" The season's latest design's and colorings in Wiltons, Axmin-
' •?¦• ftfr?. Rodv Brussels. Royal Wilton, Velvets and all the popu-
lar styles and weaves.
Reduced 20 to 35 per cen*.
DRAPERIES WALLPAPER
And La<o -Curtains in an exten- Fredericks" exclusive patterns in
• sive \aii»ty. inc!ud-iri£ the new- the prettiest and most striking
- \ eft Fall. pattern"*. effects.
* Reduced 29 to 50 per cent Reduced 15 to 25 per cent
Only an inspection can demonstrate the phenomenal values
la every department. We Invite net only Intending pur-
ccesers. but all others to examine this extraordinary arath-
erlssr. •
'p4?&l MAR KET St kearn Y^j
World's Fair Cities
!••'¦•¦ In going. East you should visit both Chicago and •
St.- Louis. Only $72.50 to Chicago' and return : only
S72.50 to Chicago and return, one Way. via Kansas
City and St. Louis. Tickets good on The Overland
Limited of the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railway,
Dates of sale — September 2, 5,' 6,7, 8, 19, 20,
28, 29, and October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27. Good
for return for 90 days.
Leave San Francisco 10 a. m. or 6 p. m. Tourist
sleepers on 6 p. m. train.
Tickets 635 Market Street, San Francisco.
.TliE'EMPORIUAi. < ....'_'?._[ [ £^J^ l *®J**}**}- I ;• THE E31PORIU3I.
SET THETa^^^
(OF NEW YORK)
HACKETT, 'CARHART SCO. Glpthrng Is ready-made in name only. The make
finish, style and tit of their garments' is equal to custom made. They will-
retain their sood looks while in;service. This is one of the most famous makes of ready-
for-sc-rvice clothing in the world;- The cloths are London shrunk. The linen canvas for
the.interlinings is also thoroughly shrunk,^vhile only the best quality of hair cloth is used in the
fronts of the coats. The most skillful are employed in the manufacture of Hackett;
Carhart & Co. clothing. Every garmeht.is handmade through DUt, tailored into shape (not pressed-
into shape as ths ordinary ready-made clothing, which loses its shape after a few days' wear).-
And still, for this admirable clothing our prices are no more than the manufacturers charge
in their three Broadway stores in New York City.
Hackett, Carhart & Co. Single-breasted Sack Suits, black, blues-and fancies
$12.50, $15.00 up to $35.OO •
lllllli Hackett Carhart & Co. Double-breasted Sack Suits, black, blue and fancies
. > $12.50, $15.00 up to $35.00
¦:-<¦¦ Hackett, Carhart & Co. Overcoats and Rain Coats, black, gray and fancy coatings
$15.00, $20.00, $25.00
Hackett, Carhart & Co" Young Men's Suits in black, blues, nobby mixtures
/: $1O.OO, $12.50 up to $20.00
. Hackett, Carhart & Co. Men's Trousers, $5.OO, $6.OO, $7 .50 ; ¦;•'' ;"•
Men's $3.50 and $4.oo Select Fall Millinery
Burt & Packard Shoes We are ready
cv ¦ *9 **n o~i~ with a la rge stock y^<53X?\
\ 0 $2*80 Pair of al , tJvt is new
tevl Th= new Jhoc dcpmmtnt on maln and beautiful for *8%$%^mk
Ik X^ flC ° r> Cff rOtUnd "' h " * Je - DaratC fall and winter 1904-5,
/^^•X^r^^r^^ section for men «nd hoys. A fine including the charming burnt^^ i^"^^-
'Ir^^^ 2^ 555 * 5 --**^*"^.^"" stock of shoes;' far differ- orange" and Coque de Rose efFect y 't&
SS^ SSSS=^ - ' >TS^^ e nt from tny thing that has that tre the rage of two continents. U^f^V.
~ 'yVrbteii shown by the Emporium, "has I been" put into" Beautifalline of dreis hat», made J0%QK
the-new departm-nt. To make a, many men «. ff ve'ret »d cheni:! C traid, Mg.' \
... : '-¦':' ¦'¦", .. , -,"' . in the new turbans and large' *;^r'E*- M\
-- poiribre favorably -«eq«mted ? with the men.-, hoe- - ¦ -^^ - mm;d . whh btc J if " ¦ £ 9 *
: section, we are now offering at special sa.e Burt & falj fl OW(;r$ ctc m . .~ . . V. ; .
'.Packard Korrect shape shoes. .There wil be more '."......'. .... . $7.50 «> $15.00
than twenty of the newest $3. 50 and £4.00 styles, in The New Dreamland • Shape — In white, trimmed with
vici kid, box ca'.f, veour calf, patent co!t skin, -Bur- •«£= Papons and bands of velvet, $4*95, «d
...... othrrs trimmed with v:.vet and ornamtnts. $3*05
row T*d and russet calf; manv hundred pain in the . , . ... , , .,*"•*'¦**•*
rowj*p »nu iu»» , r An assortment of charming siik and chenille turbans
lot and all iizsi, so^thu none will be disappointeJ; and tcqu ' cs a i so rarge fl at 8a i' ors . hats suitable, for
your choice, now . . . . $2.80 everyday wear, at . $2.95, $3.95 «nd $5
$1.OO Gloves **Vfi* rf* •
69o Pair mmmm^< 37c Square
n ¦ r Ac/./,, -, iL 3- £/n&§f /^1T/ 1 J J Iff To-dav and Saturday, cur
, Prune Lambskin, 2- choice Creamery; the usual
clasb, new style and caufornias largest- * w^0cr m^^^ 0^^^^ good quality that zve offer
new colors. To - day ... miinrn«r'*lBr^ ltf *^^^^^ a^ cur special sales, full
and Sslitrdav. ¦ -«^S»»»- J " amer.ca-s grandest store sizeSquares.
, - ._A1^KRTISE3IENTS. ¦
K \ GA \ J Yo« km h»»* y« mii&le baitdm'i tni vrrn<ra««et ipirt,
Mji jjn.- --¦'¦'¦ ' 'ffllV • Ytt rtli<r*of Indintry *n4C*t\tnf»t Art,
ff **jKll M -n. m Irtl'mlKkin'fei ¦>» money'i worth. •••ken I Bitlheftikt
&. Jl B ' " I II I I'm a join" ta $«. L«ui» )«»t l» «e« tkit (Jurntd oli P»*e
«*T«'n aLrm \ — **A B»U»<o<lbe Pike.V fcy Wallace Irwlii. Copyn-Itt*
«l /(' ¦ . ¦ ' . wSKT m »y CeUKf't Weeklv I»«blitbe4 >» p«fmiMW« "'",',
I I To St. Louis and Return
I'fl ..- *: . • fl September 1, 2. 5. 6. 7. b,Y3. 20.. 28, 23.
ijgg^^^ Return limit ninety days.
\^' jl Clfislr TiVc the Rock Island Sysrcm and you go
l <s 'r( ' f^ r0 * UIt^ 0Ut change. Scenic or Sourhern
• 1 ' • "lill Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
'•'i ¦--.•• l'-'.'f'' ' 111 ' sleeping cars; dining, cars. Trams* stop at
\ .-.-'ilj |j Mam Entrance World's Fair.
w fk-'^'v f/1 Fu'.l information un ftqurst *^f^&E&£S&*SB&
"^T**^? Cilt or wnre HililJMi M hill In
. V^ x^a" * <^^^, -^-> C A RurMi»ro*D, D P A , [^"Ot*A^¥»©JGRANTS ALTERNATIVE "WRIT— The Su
preme Court has granted an alternative writ
of habeas corpus In, favor of Elizabeth, Gal
lehere, who Is livlnjr wltft her aunt' In San
Jose. Fted Gallehere. father of the child, gave
her to the aunt when-*l» wife died. He has
since married and wants' the little girl again,
but the aunt refuses ¦ to eomrly. with his
wishes. The Supreme Court will hear argu
ments In the case September 12.
WINFIELJD, Kans., Sept. 1.—Symbo
leer, owned- by J. Johnson, paced a
half mile i to-day under.the ; saddle in
one .7 minute and six seconds, thereby
breaking the world's record for a-half
mile." -• <;>'' '" . ' ".
Fast Half Mile Under Saddle.
HEALDSBURG, Sept. 1.— A. H, Poe.
a: prominent member of the local
branch of the Knights of Pythias, died
at Burke's Sanitarium' to-day. Poe wf s
65 years old : and ! was well known
throughout this part of the State.
Pythian Dies at Healdsburg.
WOULD FIX SAME RATE.— OAKLAND.
Sept. 1. — At an informal discussion among the
members of the • Board of Supervisors to-day
a general sentiment was expressed that the
tax rat« this year should be the same as that
of last year. ?2 61 on the Jl«0. It Us believed
that this will raise sufficient ! funds to' defray
the expenses, not wlth.it ending , that . the valua
tion Is much lower this year. . ojvlnr •, to the
leaving off of 'the -raise madefy the . State
Board of Equalization last year.
UARRIAGE LICEXSE6. — OAKLAND, Sept.
1. — The following marriage licences were Issued
by the Cocnty Clerk to-day: Thomas F. Cul
hane, 23. ard Eylvla. il. Baker.' 20. both of
Oakland; George E. Dove, over 21, and Anna
Bkinner, ever 18. both of flan Francisco; Her
bert A. Smith. 24, Berkeley, and Leila H.
Daly, 19, Oakland : Leo J. Thomaa, 24, .St.
Louis, and Teresa Heebert. 2i. Alameda; Fred
eric O. Dorety. 29. Oakland, and, Mary F.
French, 23, Berkeley.". ' -. /
SENT TO AETLUM.— OAKLAND, Sept.. 1.—
J. L. Warder was committed 'to the Uklah
Aeylum for the Ineana to-day by Judse. Og
den. He. suffered from sunstroxe several yeaiis
aco and.* combined with-, tne "excessive - use
of cltarettei, bis mind has failed him.
HEADS TO PAM.- At a meeting of the
board of electricity last night" Messrs. -Reagan,
Boyne.and Parry were appointed acommitte*
to look, over the : list of temporary r employes
and recommend changes. It Is considered 'that
there are. too many men on the roll at present
and a little. Judicious pruning ; Is deemed ad
visable. The . committee ' will meet -this -after-'
OAKLAND. Sept. 1. — The public
schools will be closed next week. The
Board of Education decided to take
this action because of the numerous
attractions on both sides of the bay
during the week.
Schools Close for a Week.
Many States and Every County in New
Jersey. Represented at Strange
Gathering.
: NEW YORK, Sept. 1.— Three thou
sand or more Smiths have gathered at
Peapack, N. J., to celebrate the annual
reunion of that famous family in New
Jersey. Every county in the State
was represented and there were visit
ing Smiths present "from many other
States. The custom of holding the
family reunions was inaugurated in
1800.
THREE THOUSAND SMITHS
HOLD A FAMILY REUNION
The following players were. drafted
by the American ; League: . .New, York»
Hogg from Spokane; Detroit. Graham
from Colorado Springs; Philadelphia.
Frisk from Seattle. Rockenfleld .from
Spokane, § Buchanan from Oakland.
The commission adjourn^ to-night.*
CINCINNATI. Sept. 1.— The Na
tional Baseball Commission met
here to-day in its annual session^ Sec
retary Bruce reported the list of play
ers purchased by. the National and
American leagues from minor leagues,
which the commission passed o*n. Tha
St. Louis Nationals purchased Swin
dell of • Butte. The Cincinnatis get
Blankenshlp from Seattle and Eagnn
and Overall from Tacoma.
Overall Drafted by Cincinnati.
It has been settled by the Repub
lican-managers that Judge Cullen will
be- nominated by the Republican' party
for the .position to which he was ap
pointed to-day.
. NEW YORK. Sept. 1. — Judge Ed
gar M. Cullen of Brooklyn was to-day
appointed Chief Judge of the Court
of Appeals by Governor Odell, suc
ceeding Judge Alton B. Parker, re
signed.
Judge Cullen is a Democrat and is
now serving as an additional Judge
of the Court of Appeals, a position to
which he was designated by Theodore
Roosevelt when he was Governor of
New York.
ERMINE DOFFED BY PARKER
IS DONNED BY CULLEN
BERKELEY, Sept. 1.— A real es^
tate deal involving the exchange of a
large amount of money for a large
amount of laud has just been com
pleted by Joseph J. Mason for the
Berkeley Development Company and
Jacob Marks, the capitalist. By the
transaction Marks parts with forty
one acres of land in the Fairview
tract in South Berkeley to the devel
opment company for a consideration
of $102,000. The property lies near
the line between Oakland and Berke
ley and its boundaries are Prince
street on the north, Alcatraz avenue
on the south, College avenue on the
east and Dana street on the west. Its
new owners propose to open up the
tract at once for settlement. Grad
ing and macadamizing will begin
soon and when this is completed '199
lots, with a frontage of fifty feet'each,
will be out on sale.
Large Real Estate' DcoJ.
Rock Frar .?s Girl's Skull.
BERKELEY, Sept. 1. — Marjorie
Etruhm, aged seven years, jvas struck
on the head by a rock while playing
with some of her friends yesterday in
front of her home at 2108 Fifth
street. The blow was so hard that It
caused a slight fracture of the skull,
frcm which the child is now recover
ing under the treatment of Dr. J. J.
Benton. - The rock was thrown by
some boy. whose name is unknown.
President K*mlrick C. Babcock of the Uni
versity of Arizona was the principal speaker
at a rally last evening in Stiles Hall, under
the auspices- of the -Young Men's ¦" Christian
Association. His subject was "Bible- Study."
Vr. H. C ily«rs, chief chemist for • the
sugar factories in Colorado and Utah and
honorary fellow\ln agriculture at the univer
sity, has gon« south to begin ' work for the
coming sugar-beet campaign.
The entertainment for the Boating Associa
tion will be clven at Idora Park on the even
ing of October 1. The followtnr named com
mittees have been appointed to take charge
of the affxlr: Programme, A. C. Keane, J. P.
I«oeb; finance, Stuart Hawley; advertising O.
J. Anloff. .
Kallyinjr will be i>ut on an organized basis
for th- flr*t time this year, the rally commit
tee, of which Kurenc K. Hnll«tt is chairman,
having assiirntd the members to particular di
visions of .the work. G. J. Anloff will have
charge of bonfires, the Illuminations and the
organization of the freshmen division;- Oliver
Orrick of the shakers and programmed, Bert
Campbell of the advertlslnr. Frank Schuman
of the weekly bleacher rallies, Ernest Voilmer
of the ¦'searchllcht brigade."
The students will be add reined • by Secre
tary Shaw of the Treasury on ' next Tuesday.
While here he will be the guest of President
Wheeler. - > .-,;.•.
¦ BKKKEIJSY, Sept. - 1.— Lewis Bulkeley was
elected yell leaojr for the year this afternoon
by gn overwhelming; vote. He received .100
votes and Nat Eddy as vote*.
The Junior class met this afternoon, and nom
inated the following for officers. For'/presi
dent, Al. Cocsan and Stephen -Gamble; for
first vice president. Miss Sue Bitting; for sec
ond vice r.resident. Kdward Berrintrer; for sec
retary. Miss Hazel Hobscn: for treasurer,
Harry Squires; for serueant ¦ at arms. Collier
and Harris. i*V
ADA, Ohio., Sept. .. 1, — Three hun
dred students ' at the Ohio Normal •
University have signed a petition to
the trustees to refuse- a negro s'tudent
the privilege of studying at trie school.
The students refused to attend class
this morning as a protest against ths
presence of the colored man. Some
of the students have gone elsewhere
for tuition.. - -
DO NOT WANT A NEGRO
TO ATTEND THEIR SCHOOL
UNIVfcRSllYHVENTS
Secure Contract for Construction of
the Equipment of the Argentine
Republic Railroads.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1.— Probably
the largest single order for railroad
equipment for export ever placed with
American manufacturers has just
been closed. It comprises ,640 freight
cars and 38 v passenger, sleeping and
baggage cars for the Argentine Gov
ernment railroads.
The American manufacturers se
cured the orders' in the face of strong
competition on the . part of British,
German and Belgian manufacturers.
AMERICAN MANUFACTURERS ,
DEFEAT ALL COMPETITORS
BERKELEY, Sept. 1. — Earl At Sar
gent, the university student whose
bouse after a search revealed boxes
full of stolen goods, now faces a burg
lary charge. A complaint charging
him with burglary was issued this
afternoon by Justice Edgar and his
bail was fixed at $3000, in lieu of
which he will be compelled to stay
in the County Jail. Sargent is charged
with the burglars- of the house of
Benjamin Dallerup, for whom he
worked as a carpenter. He was ac
quitted of petty larceny last week 'in
Justice Quinn's court. »
Sarsrnt Faces Burglary Charge.
DENVER, Sept. 1. — The new Unit- •
ed States Mint in this city was opened
to-day with a President's salute of
twenty-one guns and the raising of
the American flag over the building
by George EL Roberts, director of the
Mint of Washington. D. C.
The Mint will not begin coinage un
til July 1.1905, as no appropriation
has been made by Congress as yet to •
cover the cost of coinage.
OLD GLORY FLIES OVER
DENVER'S NEW MTST •
OAitLAXD, Sept. 1. — As a result of
incompatibility and subsequent de-
Fertion, Harry C. Dexter, Deputy
County Assessor, has brought a suit
for divorce against Carrie Brown Dex
ter, a soprano soloist in the First
Presbyterian Church and well 'known
in musica^ circles on both sides of the
bay. •
The couple were married in this
city in 1889 and in 1899 Dexter al
leges his wife left him and has
«nce refused to live with him. They
have three children, Alice B., Dudley
C. and Ella H.. of whom he asks the
custody. ."".-.
Wife. Who He Says L«eft Him
Five Years Ago.
Harry C. Dexter Begins Action Against
Mayor Warren -Olney announced to
day that an offer of 2^ per cent- pre
mium had been made to him by a pros
pective purchaser of the projected pub
lic improvement. bonds. This tender is
made on the basis of the sale of the
entire Issue, amounting to J2.492.000, of
forty-year bonds, with 4 per cent in
terest. The offer is, significant of the
standing that the city of Oakland main
tains in the large financial circles.
The Mayor expressed great- satisfac
tion concerning the tender. He said it
indicated that there would be a lively
demand for the bonds should they be
voted. His Honor pointed. to the large
premium, but added that he was even
hopeful that a better, bid might be ob
tained.
Of the general effect of this Informal
tender. Mayor Olney said:
It ic gratifying to know that tlr?r« Is such
a demand for our municipal s«>curJties. Whl!e
I am not at liberty at present jo dizcluse th?
Identity of tho bidder. I am thorouihly satis
fled t>x to the reliability of th«> offer. That
2'i per r^nt nromiviin nhould tw; offered on a
4 Vtr cent bond Issue Is a splendid cerd for
thi» city. It means that investors have a su
preme ('onfidrnce in Oakland.
Kurther than that It shows that th« bond
project as a whoie is received with favor.
Municipal bond buyers will not Invest 1h
bonds that are issued on doubtful projects.
They must b» assured of the value of the
works contemplated. They must be confident
of the intrinsic merits of the scheme. It
speaks well f.or our city In -that regard as well.
With this offer as ft starter I feel sum that
our bonds will be literally cobbled up .as soon
as they can be put en sale.. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 1.
To save Chairman of the Board of
Supervisors John' Mitchell, County
Auditor Gil " Bacon and County
Clerk John P. Cook the almost end
less task of signing their names to
each iniivid.ua! coupon, which would
require 38,400 signatures, the. Board
of Supervisors met this morning and
passed a resolution that these three
names could be lithographed on the
bonds. , - . v
Nine hundred and sixty thousand
dollars was paid into the county treas
ury this morning by, the Oakland
Bank of Savings and the Central Bank
as the price of school bonds which
were- voted at a recent election held
for the purpose of raising money "for
the improvement of the schools, of the
city. The money is now available to
be expended by the City Board of Ed
ucation, and $25,000 was paid out
this afternoon to A. Poirier for a tract
of nine and a half acres for a school
site near Adeline.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept 1.
WANTS A DIVORCE FROM
CHURCH CHOIR SINGER
NEW YORK, Sept 1. — Men who
have been paying alimony to a for
mer wife married after getting her de
cree are celebrating over the new
State law which goes into effect to
day and cuts off the incomes of thou
sands ' of divorcees now living with
their second husbands. According to
the new statute, alimony payments as
sessed against an ex-husband are to
continue only so long as the. woman
shall remain unmarried.
A good many persons, not a few of
them in the theatrical profession, will
be able to 'visit New York for the first
time in years, except on Sunday, they
.having remained out of the State
rather than make the required pay
ment, in default of which they could
have been sent to jail.
Statute Says Alimony Shall Cease
. When Former Wife Takes a
Second Spouse.
STATE LAW BRINGS JOY
TO THE HEARTS OF MEN
Central and Oakland Bank
of Savings Turn $960,000
Into the County Treasury
Intending Purchaser Ten
ders Heavy Premium for
Improvement Securities
ROME. Sept. 1. — Prince Georce of
Greece arrived here to-day In strictest
incognltp, desiring to test the ground
for the petition of the inhabitants of
the island of Crete, asking for his re
moval because of alleged misrule.
This petition will be heard before the
Italian Foreign Minister, assisted by
the Russian. French and .British Em
bassadors, who have charge of the su
pervision of affairs in the Island.
His Removal.
Desires to Learn the Ground for the
h'i' Petition- Asking for
PRINCE GEORGE TRAVELS
<:h''TQ ROME INCOGNITO
CASH IS PAID
OVER ON BONDS
WANTS TO BUY
ALL THE BONDS
NEWPORT, R. I.. Sept. 1. — A rap-
Idly moving automobile caused the
death here by fright of Mrs. Green of
Paterson, N. J., to-day. The woman
was awaiting a car bound toward her
boarding-house, six miles distant. As
she stepped from j the. sidewalk to
board the car a large automobile "went
past with a roar. She screamed with
fright and felL*. i: ,» .
. Doctors - were quickly summoned,
but the" woman was dead when they
arrived. Heart disease superinduced
by the shock was found to have been
the cause. The motorist escaped un
identified.
Machine Whizzes by Woman and the
Shock Causes Her to
• - .Drop Dead.
FRIGHTENED TO DEATH
BY SWIFT AI7T03IOBIL.E
Kajis' scalp was stripped from the
left side of his skull and his left arm
v.as fearfully mangled between- the
shoulder and the elbow. He was re
moved to the Railroad Hospital in San
Francisco at noon and the physicians
believe Jhat the patient has a good
chance of surviving his injuries. Kajis
Is a Greek, thirty-six years of age and
unmarried. He has been living with
a section gang near the Fruitvale-ave
' nue bridge across the tidal canal.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 1. — Steve Kajis.
employed by the Southern Pacific
Company as a section hand, was
• " struck by the tender of a locomotive
this morning on Railroad avenue, near
Stanton street. Although the Morgue
was notified to send a wagon for the
body, Kajis surprised "those who
. thought him dead by reviving. He
then taken to the Emergency
*' Hospital, . where his injuries were
treated by Drs. G. P. Reynolds and L.
' W. Stidham. ""•.,<¦.
Steve HajL» Surprises Morgue arid Hos
pital Officials by Surviving
Fcarfnl Injuries.
GREEK SECTION HAND
HIT BY LOCOMOTIVE
The new system consists of four
steel bridges and fifty semaphore
poles. The bridges are built through
Oakland and Berkeley, where there
are four tracks to be controlled. One
is located at Sixteenth-street station,
one at Emeryville, one near the Key
route crossing, and one in Berkeley.
On each bridge is a small semaphore,
.one for each track that passes, be
neath. Where there is only a double
OAKLAND. Sept. 1. — The longest
and only main line block system on
the Pacific Coast went into operation
to-day on the lines of the Southern
Pacific Company between Oakland
and Port Costa, and beginning to-day
all trains passing between those
points run under an 'automatic block
system that Is the nearest preventive
of collisions known to railroading.
track signal poles are substituted.
These signals indicate to the engineer
the condition of the track upon which
he Is running.
It has taken eight months to con
struct this plant, which was made
necessary by the growth of traffic over
the line between Oakland and Port
Costa. This, however, is only the be
ginning of a block system for the
Southern Pacific Company thai will in
time extend to Sacramento, on the
north, Tracy, on the east, and to San
Jose, on both sides of the bay.
This first division was installed by
E. M. Cutting, superintendent of the
block and signal system of the South
ern Pacific . Company. ; Mr. Cutting
has been testing the system for sev
eral weeks, and actual 1 operation be
gan to-day. ' '¦¦¦'
ONE OF THE PTEKL BRIDGES USED IN THE NEW BLOCK SYBT*M THAT
WAS INAUGURATED VESTERDAT BETWEEN OAKLAND ANO PORT
COSTA ON THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1- — Santlno
Martlnelll ha» been commtsslonetS
postmaster of Olexna, CaL *''¦-:'>¦
Additional rural servica route No. 3
will be established at Everson, "VThat
com County, on October 1.
The following Oregon rural car
riers have been appointed:. Gaston,
William A, Spence regular. Earl P.
W. Hadding •substitute; Harrlsburg.
Glenn E. Holt regular, D. C Holt
substitute. .-• ¦-•;-'
Dr. H. H. Zermerman was to-day
appointed a pension exaznlnins sur
geon for Red Bluff.
Red Blnff Physician Appointed Pen
sion Examining Surgeon— Changes
Made In Postal Service.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPIB . >^
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
In a dream there came to John M.
Morris a few nights ago a vision of
his approaching sudden death. To
day Morris' wife returned to their
home at 30 Telegraph av&ue to flnd
her husband's lifeless body. The
warning had been verified.
Morris was in the employ of the^
Southern Pacific Company. For some
time he had been ailing and depressed.
Several days ago he startled his wife
with the story of the dream. Morris
said his Impending death had been re
vealed to him while he slept. So re
alistic did the message seem to the
man that he could not shake off the
feeling that his end was near.
Mrs. Morris left the house early
this morning to go to San Francisco
¦on an errand. When she departed her
husband seemed a bit gloomy, but as
that had been his condition for several
days the wife was not unusually anx
ious. She returned at 2 o'clock this
afternoon and found Morris lying on ;
a bed. He did not respond to her call
and the woman's quick Investigation
disclosed that the call of death had
been made. Coroner Mehrmann took
charge of the case.
Dr. Henry Fine h^ld an autopsy
this afternoon, which showed that
heart disease was the cause of death.
Morris was 60 years old, a native of
New York. He leaves no children.
An inquest will be held to-morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 1.
Following the signing of the death
certificate by Dr. W. W. Allen in the
case of little Myrtle Conklin. the child
who died yesterday from lockjaw, al
leged to have been caused by vaccina
tion, Coroner Mehrmann gave his con
sent to-day to the burial of the body.
This action is taken as being the close
of the incident, for 'now there will be
no Coroner's inquest and no more prob
ing into the cause of the child's death.
The certificate signed by Dr. Allen
describes death as having been caused
by lockjaw, following vaccination. In
this description Dr. F. R. Woolsey, the
vaccination officer, who vaccinated the
child, agreed during a consultation
with Dr. Allen. Both doctors having
agreed as to the cause of death, Coro
ner Mehrmann accepted Dr. Allen's
signature to the certificate and declared
that there would be no inquest.
While the doctors interested In the
case have agreed upon a cause of
death, they still hold to their original
opinions regarding the vaccination op
eration. Dr. Allen said to-night that
Coroner Mehrmann's action was a com
pliment to himself, as he had accepted
his diagnosis that death had resulted
from blood • poison following vaccina
tion. Dr." Woolsey, on the other hand,
maintains that the blood poisoning was
not due to the vaccination operation,
but to improper sanitation.
The funeral of, the dead child was
held at 2 o'clock this afternoon from a
local undertaking parlor.
As a result of the feeling against
vaccination C. E. Kinard has taken
steps to test the legality of the require
ment of the State Board of Health that
all school children must be .vaccinated
before they are allowed to attend any
public school and has petitioned the
courts for a writ of mandate to com
pel the City Board of Education, City
Superintendent of Schools McCly
monds and J. H. Pond, as principal of
the High School, ¦ to allow his three
children admission 'without having ob
served this requirement.
In his petition, filed to-day, he sets
forth* that' he tbok his children to the
school at the beginning of the present
term and asked .that they be admitted,
which, was refused' on the ground that
they had "riot" been' vaccinated. He states
that there is no" immediate remedy at
hand and therefore asks that the courts
take the matter up and order those
having charge of the school system
to give his children admission to the
school. ,v 7 - .¦ -
An anti-vaccination ineeting will be
held in California. Hall to-morrow even
ing to protest against the compulsory
law.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center street, Sept. 1.
C. E. Kinard Brings 3Ian
damus Suit Against Oak
land Board of Education
Woman Returns After Short
Absence to Find Her Hus
band's Vision Is Verified
LONDON, Sept 1* — a R. Bpahr of
Kmgsbridge. N. Y.. editor of two
magazines of Ne^ York City, either
fell or Jumped overboard from the
steamer Prince Albert midway be
tween Ostend and Dover on the even-
Ing of August 30. His mysterious dis
appearance recalls that of . Frederick
Kent Loomls and was reported on th«
arrival of the steamer at. Dover ta
American Consul Prescott by B. W»
Ordway of Brooklyn, In Whose com
pany Spahr was making a tour of
Europe for the benefit of his health.
Spahr seemed to have been much
Improved In health and his companion
said he never for a moment suspected
that he would attempt to commit
suicide.
Found to Be Missing Upon Arrival of
Vessel Upon Which he Had
Embarked.
fFDITOR OF NEW TORE
1 DISAPPEARS LIKE LOOMIS
REVEALS CALL TO WIFE
WILL TEST STATE LAW
The proposals for playgrounds are made In
response to the urgent requests of many public
spirited citizens and to the silent, but no less
fctrong appeal of ¦ the " children themselves.
These- playgrounds ore In line with the prac
tice of the older municipality t>, and are found
to be both valuable and necessary; at the same
time their- creation: and maintenance dis
charges in part the obligation due from the
municipality toward the childhood within Its
¦ borders. . •
The necessty for. expenditures on sewers,
culverts and crosswalks Is so self evident as
t-> need 'neither explanation nor defense.
As to. the Polytechnic School, the committee
first made an investigation to satisfy itself
as to the value and character of the work.
As compared with results obtained under lim
ited . conditions, if no other consideration pre
vailed, then as a pure business proposition the
additional -Kocd to be obtained fuily Juslltiea
the proposed Investment.
. Finally, there Is left the proposal to pur
chase property on the present City Hall block
and > to erect a new public building In sire
sufficient for present needs, but of such • de
sign as will admit of. additions, while pre
serving the same architectural features. .
., Sometimes we hear the statement that It
were better to sell the. valuable small area of
City Hall Park and purchase a larger and
less expensive location, .thereby avoiding the
necessity, for an Increased . Investment in land
at the present site. New York did not move
Its: City Hall from Us downtown location, not
withstanding the very great value of Its City
Hall Park. .
- In relation to . our main . thoroughfares no
better site may be found, ami .In. view .or. th*
agitation i for : consolidating ¦ Alameda, > Oakland
and Berkeley, > surely its geographical position
could not be Improved. The additional area will
?».rtalnly. be needed. • The ' deferment of , pur
chase means • the payment of a filghsr price
In future, \ the new public building should ulti
mately be fittingly displayed and not spoiled
by its immediate surroundings.
¦ In ' its " discussions the ' committee kept - In
view the fact that .all over the city would
Independence Park, likewise, a gift, "has
stood for years a monument of official neglect.
Occupying an elevated and beautiful position,
it has remained for years unimproved, un
ornamental and useless for the purposes for
which It was given and Intended.
I PLAYGROUNDS AND HALL.
Passing next to the smaller areas:
In the De Fremery property we have op
portunity of purchasing a tract that stands
alone In the preservation of the original and
wildly natural conditions that prevailed in
Oakland before the march of improvement re
moved them. • At slight expense this area can
be made a most delightful resort for that sec
tion in West Oakland that stands so much In
need of beautifying, and there Is the certainty
that It will be best appreciated when it is
opened to nubile use. . -
Bushrod Park, a gift to the city, stands In
Its unimproved condition and needs to front
on what will always be the main thoroughfare
between this city and Berkeley. To that end
It Is advisable to purchase the' land inter
vening between its eastern entrance and .Tele
graph avenue and to spend at present a mod
erate amount in its development for the grati
fication of the residents in that district.
The Council felt that' at this time it was
not justified In . going further in Its recom
mendations, nevertheless it Is firmly con
vinced that if these projects are adopted and
completed some one of Its near successors will
put before the people the scheme for its com
pletion by acquiring the remaining two sec
tions of lake shore frontage, viz: Between
the lake and Twentieth street on the west
and around : that portion on the north known
a9 'Adams Point.
5. To complete on the boulevard plan that
portion of Harrison street lying between Twen
tieth and Twenty-fourth streets. „'¦*-.:*•
4. To purchase land between Twelfth and
Lake streets and east of Oak on the western
shore of Lake Merritt and to suitably improve
it for park purposes.
3. To finish the East Lakeside boulevard
to the lake head and to continue It at greater
width to form a "panhandle," and thus reach
the southern entrance of th« proposed Central
Park. This would have the effect of trans
ferring the park entrance to the head of Lake
Merritt. • -
1. It Is proposed to deepen the shallow
water ofLake Merritt and make it available
over Its entire area. To use the material thus
obtained for raising the present grede of ths
proposed park south of the Twelfth street dam.
This' will be the most easily accessible place
ot deposit and thus most easily accessible place
accomplished* at a minimum of expense.
2. To convert the unsightly area south of
the Twelfth street dam Into one of ornament
and use.
In other cities artificial lakes are ; crsated
with infinite labor and cost. Here in our
midst is a salt water lake provided by nature,
and it needs but the proper acquisition and
improvement of adjacent land to produce a
result that does not anywhere else exist and
one that will prove a source of pride and
pleasure to the citizens of Oakland forever.
It is this water park with its ample area of
about 160 acres that the committee used as
the basis for developing the comprehensive
park scheme that Is now presented.
LAKE MERRITT PLANS.
Cities do not part with public park prop
erties, and people everywhere would resent' at
tempts to deprive them of these facilities for
pleasure. I speak not In disparagement of
the smaller and scattered breathing place*, but
more. particularly in favor of the larger areas
for the masses and which are a crowning
glory to every" city, that possesses them. What
is. there in San Francisco that equals , Golden
Gate Park, that affords so much pleasure to
its Inhabitants and so much attraction' to- Us
visitors? Does that .municipality regret Its
Investment, that produced such a beautiful re
sult out of the most unpromising -materials
and conditions? •
The proposals now before you are such as
can be encompassed, and in our examination
of their necessity or advisability let us ad
dress ourselves to the projected park systems,
which appear to need both advocacy and de
fense against narrow and thoughtless criti
cism.
CONXEItXIXG PARKS.
Miscellaneous— Wharf foundations, $15,000;
•ewers, $121,440; concrete culverts. $49.StO;
cross walks, $127,000; polytechnic school, $143.
000; public library. $15,000; city hall and ad
ditional lands. $650,000; total. $1,121,080. Granl
total, $2,492,000.
If we classify the projects Into natural groups
It will' be found that $1,069,250, or 43 per cent
of the total., will be devoted to beautifying the
city or for recreative uses, and $1,422,750, or
57 per cent, is for the purposes that may be
regarded as more* practical and more utili
tarian. •
It must be remembered that on s the subject
of a municipal water supply the condition of
public sentiment was such that, in Its recom
mendation to the Council, the committee felt
the need of putting a limit upon Its pro
pcsals. That limit was fixed at $2,MK).0O0, which
would leave a possible $5.000.0CO of bonds
available in future to provide for such water
supply and system as might commend itself
to the favorable judgment ot the city govern
ment and the people. * ¦
But let us pass to an analysis and aiscus
sion of the projects submitted:
Children's playgrounds — Fifth and Chestnut
streets. $35,000; North Oakland. $37,216; West
Oakland, $31,230; total. $103,410.
Parks— De Fremery property, $94,075: Inde
pendence, $18,089; Bushrod, $26,140; Central.
*450,0OO: west side Lake Merritt, $183,200;
Lake Merritt water park. $48,400; south of
Twelfth-street dam. $145,000; total $965,804. -
Boulevards— Cemetery Creek. $80,000; east
vide Lake Merritt. $110,350; park panhandle,
$41,600; Harrison street, $83,420; total $301,-
U70.
The meeting- was called to -order by
Edwin Stearns, president of the fed
eration. Principal P. M. Fisher of the
Polytechnic High School was elected
chairman. After briefly expressing his
views upon this subject, he Introduced
Councilman John L. Howard, chair
man of the special committee that
framed the bond issue. Mr. Howard
gave the first official statement of the
bond proposition as follows:
It could hardly be expected that the bond
ing, scheme recently prepared by the City
Council would perfectly lit the ideas ot all
classes of our citizens; Indeed, It is fairly sus
ceptible of Improvement in some respects, but,
taking all the circumstances and limitations
that surrounded its authors, it is probably as
good a project as could have been devised, and
with this feeling on the part of the\ govern
ment, it Is. submitted to your favorable con
sideration.
OAKLAND, Sept. 1.— The opening
meeting of the campaign for bonds was
held at the Masonic Temple this even
ing under the auspices of the Progress
Federation. The principal speakers
were Councilman John L. Howard and
Colonel John P. Irish. Success was pre
dicted for the carrying of the proposed
measure, but it was also considered
necessary to do a' certain amount of
missionary work to insure its passage.
Other speakers were G. W. Langan
and P. J. Keller. Notice was given
that" meetings are to be held from now
on until the election.
A vote of thanks was also passed to
City Engineer Turner for the prepara
tion of a large map upon which are
marked the nieces of land proposed to*
be purchased for park sites.
Following Howard, Cplpnel John P.
Irish was called upon, and began his
remarks by complimenting the city
upon having a man of Councilman
Howard's ability who was willing to
devote so much of his time to its wel
fare, and he made a motion that a
resolution of thanks be passed for the
paper Mr. Howard had prepared. En
tering upon a discussion of his subject,
Colonel Irish designated a few points
which seemed of importance to him.
By reference to a map he pointed out
that leaving out the foothill park, East
and "West Oakland are about evenly
balanced in regard to benefits to be re
ceived by the establishment of parks.
This was in answer to a feeling which
he said existed in his part of the town.
West Oakland, where it was .stated
most of the property was being bought
for East Oakland.
Another point he made was that
eventually the big foothill tract would
call for the establishment of a like
park in West Oakland, and that in a
few years he would not be surprised to
see a park in West Oakland which
would connect bv boulevards with the
foothill tract. In speaking of the bene
fit to be derived from a bond issue he
Illustrated his remarks by stating that
a few years ago, when a similar propo
sition, was before the people, he had
bonded a tra^ct of 160 acres, of marsh
land in West Oakland, to be purchased
in case the bonds measure passed for
$60,000 for the establishment, of a park.
"To-day you cannot buy that land' for
twice $60,000," he said. "This will show
you how the value of property is en
hancing and 'why we should buy this
land when it is cheap. The improve
ments • themselves aid in raisins the
valuer of the property." •
Let us not -deceive ! ourselves that we ' haro
had the full measure needed of tbfs public
spirit, otherwise the beauties and the advan
tages of our situation would have been more
availed of than they have been. . .
They will appeal strongly to that public
spirit which believes in focusing the maximum
amount of Intelllzent work and. the minimum
amcunt of talk upon all measures that promise
good to the city.
¦ They solicit the . support of those who be
lieve that no good can come to the whole city
unless that good Is shared by all Its parts.
Regarding the projects submitted for bonds,
no claim for originality is made on the part
of the council.
AH of them and more are self-evident propo
sitions. In some form or other all of them
have been discussed, and tcose that are of
fered are the limited and official i elections
that should commend themselves on the ground
of necessity or expediency.
They will not appeal to the unprogresstve
or to the sectionalism
What advantage was derived by Alameda
or Berkeley for their contributions to the
county?
I do not contend that under a consolidation
the total of these contributions would be saved
to the united cities, but it may with safety
be said that under a wise and clean adminis
tration an astonishingly targe percentage
could be saved and devoted to purposes in
which the three municipalities have an Imme
diate and direct interest.
To those of us who must tonslder the fact
that the needs of our city and the demands
of. its departmental heads grow In a faster
ratio than our Income, a perplexing problem
Is presented. For the present we must con
tent ourselves by compelling the expenditures
to be kept within the resources. This process
cannot be continued indefinitely or suffering
will ensue and the remedy we see before us
U the abolition of the expensive Incubus of the
present county government.
.During last year the valuation of Oakland
property was increased 20 per cent and upon
this augmented assessment tne contribution
by Us tax-paying citizens for county pur
poses was .809 cents, or more tnan $400,000.
What proportion of it was spent for the
benefit of Oakland?
art» the aue.tton. What will be the effect of
this .bonding «cheme upon ««> taxpayer.
It la proposed to lssu« 12.500.000 » f * £1
cent bonds toruu forty years with .a ?»"«
fund provision to retire ZV, per cent °J™£
at the end of each year. Taklns the «treme
view, assuming that all the proposals »»" »•
adopted, and that the entire «P« nd "™L™ *£
be made during the year 1905. **• •mount to
be raised annually for bond ™> l b «
5S2.5C0. and the average of the *«"£¦''}£['";
Payments will be |S1.260l or a yearly total or
JU3.75O. equal to |2 27* per thousand on a U
tal assessed valuation of $50,000,000. .
It must not be hastily conclud fV,rin* the
rate of taxation will be permanent *"*»«"•
entire period of fort* year.. On «*• eontr arr .
we have reason to expect a rapid y«rly «•-
Cr if*BecauBe the table of assessable value* of
the city shows a gradual Increase. .
2. Because, with the completion of _ J nes *
public Improvements, history cannot fair io
repeat Itself In respect of accelerating ine
Increase In taxable values, not merely M io
properties Immediately adjacent to them, dui
also values throughout tne city will appre
ciate in sympathy with the general upward
movement. "_.,. ,
8. It is exoected that our dtlaens will feel
the necessity for an early change In our char
ter provisions In regard to the making of as
sessments. It is clearly apparent that with
the adontion of a better system and its busi
nesslike prosecution there will result a more
equable distribution V>f the municipal burden
and a very appreciable increase In the total
assessed Valuation. . .
Given a. low tax rate and a wise municipal
administration and your city will commend
itself to the favorable consideration of cap
ital.
From the three reasons advanced one Is Jus
tified In the belief that the total value as
sersed in the city of Oakland should reach
between $65,000,000 and 170,OW,000 by the year
1910, and of course with each increase of
$1,000,000 in the value of taxable property be
yond the $50,000,000 assumed there will b« a
ratable diminution in the $2 27% per thousand
before referred to.
Coroner Accepts Diagnosis
That the Conklin Child
Died From Blood Poison
Councilman Howard Delivers Able Address on an Import
ant Issue, and Is Followed by Colonel John P. Irish,
Who Urges Necessity of FubiieParks and improvements
TELLS OF DEATH
IN HIS DREAMS
Warning to Sleeping Man
Is Given Only Few Days
Before Sudden End Came
Southern 'Pacific Company Installs Only Main Line Safety
Device Plan on Pacific Coast, With View of Preventing
Railroad Collisions bv Modern . Scientific Methods
FINDS INQUEST
IS UNNECESSARY
BLOCK SYSTEM IS NOW
READY FOR OPERATION
BOND CAMPAIGN OPENS
WITH BRIGHT PROMISE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1905.
HUMAN BOXES UNEARTHED.— Workmen
?Sf^ s t? ln excavatin S f or a new building • at
1MK Howard street yesterday afternoon un
earthed a portion of a human skeleton. Vo
e«f lanation i» given as to how the bones cams
there. .The neighbors know Uttte O r^ nothin
of the former occupants of th» pr*mf *?» . • Th<»
bones were taken to the ' >Iorru«"an(t''*n-m
rrcbably later be Interred in the Potter's fle.>
REFUSES TO GRANT WRIT— The Supreme
Court yesterday . refused -to grant , a writ of
mandamus to .William O'Connor. , who - wants
the Superior Court compelled to consider a
petition jtlat' his -lawyer be. allowed fees from
th» estate of /Cornelius O'Connor. ¦ It ig held
that the petitioner can find . a remedy - by ap
pealing: In the usual way without resort to
mandamus proceedings. v ¦
SEATTLE. Sept. 1— Seattle Knights
Templar to the number of 146 sailed
to-day for San Francisco on the
steamship Spokane. They .-will ar
rive at their _ destination Sunday
morning.
Seattle Knights Sail.
6
BEAjS t CH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAM^A COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
: 101 6 Broadway.
*;¦ Telephone Alain 10 S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street..
Telephone Alameda 550.
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load of
GRIFFIN EXTRA
CATSUP and TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD. PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
Those bringing to THE CALL
office, either Thurs-day, Friday
or Saturday, a want ad. mill re-
ceive a bottle of Griffin Extra
CntMip and also a can of Grif-
ftn Extra Tomato Soup, made by
California Fruit Canners' Asso-
ciation, free
See announcement on classi-
fied page.Willis , . Newton [ Webber, a f«irmer
of Rough and Ready, Nevada County,
filed a petition in insolvency yiesterday
in the United States District Court.
He owes ? 30 48 and Has no- assets.
¦ -' ' "'.-'. .""'?'. — ','¦',
. If you want the .best in photographs "go to
ti^atz't, 010 Marktt at, Columbia' bldx. •*•¦¦.
insolvent* Farmer.
"Scenic Treasures of California." a
beautiful souvenir book 6t California, for
75 cents: others for' less' and -some -for
more. Orange, red wood and other pood
souvenir novelties at lowest prices. -San
born, Vair & Co.." 741 Market street. •
California .'. Souvenirs.
A Judgment for J4000 with interest
was rendered by Judge Seawell yester
day for the plaintiff in the case of
Miller & Lux against the Kern Coun
ty Land Company. The plaintiffs sued
for $25,000 -damages-because the de
fendants, successors to. the interest of
J. B. Haggin, had constructed a. dam
in Buena Vista Lake, which" prevented
the Miller & Lux interest from taking
water through a canal to irrigate 4000
acres of land.
Damages in Water Case.
W. P. A. Brewer of the San Mateo
Dairy, charged by* the Health Board
with having adulterated his cream,
complained to Health Officer Ragan
yesterday that an injustice . had been
done him. Brewer admitted having
a package of thickening on his prem
ises, but said it was a sample and had
never been used. Ragan said that the
inspector* who had taken a sample of
cream from Brewer's place had ne
glected to give a duplicate sample to
Brewer for private analysis and thinks
Brewer may have some ground for
complaint on that score only. It also
appears that Haas Brothers were
innocent of any wrongdoing and
merely handled Murphy & Paul's
cream, which was adulterated.
Sample Was Not Duplicated.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Charles
Lewis, a lather, who died at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital on August
23 of hemorrhage of the brain. The
Jury returned a verdict that Lewis
came to his -death by a fall caused
by a blow given by Mlchae! Wheala
han and they charged -Whealahan
with manslaughter.
The testimony showed that a quar
rel had existed between the accused
and Lewis for several days, Lewis,
while intoxicated, having persisted in
abusing Whealahan. They met In a
b»er saloon and upon Lewis proceed
ing to abuse Whealahan again, the
latter struck him a violent blow on
the head, causing him to fall and re
ceive the injuries from which he
afterward died. .
Testimony at Coroner's Inquest Shows
Tliat Charles Lewis Had' Abused
the Accused for Several Days.
Yl 1IEALAHAX CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER
in and Including Monday, will, on account of
I^jtxij- day. If good for return up to and In
•'Imirnjr Tuesday. September 6- •.
Southern Pacific tickets sold Saturday . and
Hunflav. September 3 and 4, Rood to return up
Labor Day.
Ruisinger is wanted, here on a
charge of felony embezzlement. He
was employed as bookkeeper and'col
lc-ctor by Roediger & 'Loesch "of" the
Vienna bakery. 111 Larkin street, and
disappeared on June 27. The firm
estimated that his defalcations would
amount to about $1,500. For several
weeks prior to his departure he had
collected money from customers and
had reported to his employers that the
customers were in the country* On
the day of his departure he had col
lected . several hundred .dollars. He
had been employed by the firm for
five years.. He left a wife and child
to the care of his parents.
Chief Wittman received a dispatch
yesterday morning from John F.
O'Connor, Chief of Police of Colum
bus, Ohio, that William Ruisinger was
under arrest there, having been recog
nized by a photograph on a circular
sent from here. Detective Whitaker
will leave for Columbus at once.
William Ruislnger, Wanted for Fel
ony Embezzlement, Is Recog
nized by a Photograph.
DEFAULTING COLLECTOR
IS ARRESTED IX OHIO
A Cnrd to the Public.
September 1. 1904. .
To Whom It May Concern:
Interested parties, not members of the
Citizens' Alliance, are circulating stories
that an effort will be made by it to break
up the Labor day parade.
Casual investigation as to the source
of the story leads me to lay the respon
sibility of its origin (and circulation) to
certain labor politicians interested in
their own ends; and, once and for all. I
wish to say the Citizens' Alliance stands
for. law and order, good citizenship and
industrial equilibrium. It denies no man
the right to life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness, and if it makes a union
man happy to parade that is his business
and not ours. It is his right and the
Government of the United States guar
antees him peaceful enjoyment of that
right. Just as it assures Knights Tem
plar or any other fraternity protection.
The Citizens' Alliance of San Fran
cisco is made up of 16,000 of our very
best people, who represent eighty-flve
per cent of the commercial and profes
sional energy of this city. It seems like
a waste of time to deny the silly story;
but the Citizens' Alliance, through me.
desires to say to the honest" toilers of
the city. God bless you. go ahead and en
joy yourselves and rest assured we sin
cerely trust nothing will happen to mar
the pleasure of the occasion.
HERBERT GEORGE. Pres.
After the reading of several pro
pressive reports concerning the work
and passing of the character of the
preachers the meeting adjourned un
til 9 o'clock this morning.
In the evening "a missionary anni
versary was held, addressed by S.
Sugihara and Herbert B. Johnson.
•'I have no doubt as to the ultimate
outcome of the war in. the Far East
and I firmly believe that the Japanese
will be the. leaders' of civilization
there." . This optimistic statement
was made by Dr. F. D. Bovard at the
opening of the Japanese Methodist
conference yesterday morning. Dr.
Boyard was among the first to p'roph
osy success for th-e Japanese array.-
The conference was opened with
prayer. Bishop Luther. Wilson, „_. D.,
presiding and the following officers
being present: Milton S. Vail. Z.
Hirota, M. Toshita and S. Sugihara.
Committees, were appointed as fol
lows; Auditing— Z. Hirota, K. Naga
saki and M. S. Vail; publications — U.
Kawase, K. Klttamura and Y. Aibar
ra: education— M. S. Vail, K. Kitta
mura and Z. Hirota; examinations —
Y. Aibarra, U.. Yoshida and S. Sugi
hara; Sunday school and tracts — H.
Faijo, U. Kawasse and J. Rokujubu:
resolutions— K. Nagasaki, H. Saljo
find M.. S. Vail; temperance — I. Roku
jubu. Y. Aibarra and U. Kawasse:
missions — H. B. Johnson, M. Yoshida
and K. Nagasaki.
.Dr. Fisher, formerly of the Pacific
Advocate, told of the success of the
r>ork among the Japanese on this
coast. Ten years ago, he said, the
workers started' in Portland with
nothing. Since that time they have
purchased an $8000 building on which
hut $2000 remains to be "paid. In ad
dition to- this the Japanese have made
liberal contributions to the war fund.
Filcher is a fruit grower and is en
tirely familiar with the fruit of Cali
fornia, having acted several times as
representative of this State at world's
fairs at Buffalo, at Belgium, at At
lanta and he was at Paris when the
Southern Pacific Company exhibited
California products at an exposition.
He has been manager of the California
State Board of Trade ' several years.
All this experience has fitted him to
know whether the quality of fresh fruit
that is sent from California to St.
Louis is up to the standard. Emphati
cally he declares that' it is not, a fact
strongly emphasized by the correspond
ence of The Call at; St. Louis. States
that are not in the class with California
are reported to be making a better fruit
display than this ; State is.
When Barry was directed to commu
nicate with fruit growers of Northern
and Central California and to take the
steps necessary to get the real goods he
went to Sacramento to confer with the
Executive Committee of the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association.
Since then, so Mr. Barry says, he has
learned through Secretary Beard of
the Sacramento Vallev Development
Association that some fruit growers
have written to the association In re
sponse to queries that were urgent in
their character that there was no use
for Barry to come to them., One state
ment made by a fruit. grower was that
he objected to sending fruit because
some that had been, forwarded earlier
was credited | to .iSojithern,' \Californla.
Whatever reasons are. -> adduced .. the
Fruit growers in Northern and Cen
tral California are refusing to '. send
fresh fruit to St. Louis for exhibition,
at the Exposition. • The' California
Commissioners at St. Louis are com
plaining,'but. without avail. The San
Francisco representative of the Cali
fornia Commissioners at St. Louis, un
der instructions, has taken steps to get
fresh fruit to forward for exhibition
purposes, but has become discouraged
and is' no longer striving in that direc
tion. In these three statements are out
lined conditions that are ¦ somewhat
surprising and disappointing.
Mr. Barry, who represents the absent
commissioners while they are out of
this State, was directed by Commis
sioner J. A. Filcher Borne time ago to
see what could be done to get . good
fruit to show at St. Louis to -advertise
California. A letter was written •¦/. to
Barry by Filcher in \which bad fruit
that' had been previously forwarded
was characterized as "not fit to be fed
to hogs," and it was averred that the
quantity that was forwarded was as
insufficient as the'qu^allty was bad. .
* It is recommended that laws be
passed preventing a too early maturity
of contracts. It is said that this sort
of business has wrecked some com T
panies and will drive others upon the
rocks if persisted in. The laws creat
ing the board are stated to be insuffi
cient and not clearly defined. It is fur
ther recommended that laws be made
providing for the creation and main
tenance of a reserve fund in all build
ing and loan associations.'
general apathy, so Mr. Barry says, has
discouraged him. One party even rec
ommended that he should go to the
canneries to get the best California
fruit to send to St. Louis. He did not
think that this was the proper and dig
nified wav to get up a California hor
ticultural show. What will next hap
pen is uncertain.
Farmers are forwarding products to
an extent." but the quality of much of
the fruit is still reported to be unsatis
factory. Commissioner Filcher is
fuming at St. Louis because his ef
forts are "Insufficient to induce the
fruit growers to make the best show
they can. Barry is awaiting additional
Instructions at this end of the line,
willing to carrv them out promptly.
The fruit growers are, in the mean
time, wasting a golden opportunity, to
have their products seen bv the Expor
sition crowds. No.one Is collecting
fruit in California In behalf of the Cali
fornia Commission. .
The annual report of the State Build
ing and Loan Commission,' recently
submitted to Governor Pardee. shows
that unusual prosperity exists in Cali
fornia. There has been great progress
in home building during the last year
and all institutions ; engaged in loan
ing money for this purpose are getting
along in splendid shape. The loans
during the last year have increased
$2,046,195 57 and there Is a net gain in
total assets of $1,442,190 30. The shares
in force have increased rrom 564,294 to
620,622 arid memberships from. 63,376 to
59,848. *._ The new loans auring the year
amounted to 7309, making the number
of borrowers 15,205.
There are 126 building and loan as
sociations which submitted reports;
New homes. for 2438 persons were con
structed, making an aggregate of 21,001
buildings erected by loan associations
In the history' of the State. The re
port states that the number of asso
ciations is gradually decreasing, while
the number of -shares increases. This
me.ans that the. large concerns are ab
sorbing the smaller ones. The net per
centage of nrofit on loans is 6.47.
Commissioners Desire That
, New Laws Be Enacted for
Regulation of Business
Attempts to Collect Needed
Supplies Meet With Fail
ure That Is Discouraging
Progress Is Reported by the
Workers Among the Brown
Men on the Pacific Coast
GROWERS INDIFFERENT
COXFEREXeE IS OPENED
ANNUAL BEPORT FILED
II. "B. Gonzales, \a' colored barber,
dwells with : his v.'hite wife, - a buxom
person, in a fiat on Point Lobos ave
nue, and another flat in the same build
ing is occupied by Robert Collins ' and
wife, both white. ¦ The two families
have bcrn.at war for some time. \ Not
very long aso Mrs.' Collins and "Go'ri-
Andrew Little, longshoreman, failed
to satisfy Judge Cabaniss that he wa»
utterly blameless for the encounter In
which his head was cracked by a black
jack In the hand of J. Phillpo. The
fight occured In the Palma Hotel at
Sansome and Pacific streets and wit
nesses testified that Little was "mak
ing rough house" when Phillpo tried to
stop him with the aid of the blackjack.
So the Judge dismissed the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon which
had been made against Mr. Philipo.
Frank Thompson and Oscar Field,
who stole a gold ring from a Stockton
street Jeweler, were each given six
months by Judge Conlan.
Mrs. Alvido Kurin and Miss Lena
McCann, a pretty 17-year-old lass,
dwell In the same house at 217% Perry
street and Miss McCann had Mrs. Ku
rin arrested for calling her a very un
complimentary name. The girl's com
plaint was corroborated by her mother
and a young lady friend, both of whom
claimed to have -overheard the objec
tionable title. Mrs. Kurin. not only de
nied having used the epithet alleged,
but declared that it had been applied
to her by Miss McCarin. This testi
mony was corroborated by Mrs. John
son, who dwells on Florida street, and
who was ready to swear, if necessary,
that Mrs. Kurin was incapable of ut
tering such language. So flatly con
tradictory was the testimony that there
was nothing else for the Judge to do
than dismiss the case and advise the
ladles to kiss and make up. The advice
seemed to be wasted.
J. J. Paulsell, formerly a police Judge
at Stockton and now a professional
evangelist, was arrested for distribut
ing tracts in Golden Gate Park, and
before Judge .Cabaniss he conducted
his own defense and pleaded a consti
tutional risht to do what he had been
arrested for doing. The municipal or
dinance which he was accused of vio
lating does not harmonize with | the
constitution of the United States, he
argues, as the latter instrument confers
upon the people un trammeled freeiMm
to express and promulgate religious
teaching, irrespective of creed. The
effort to restrain him from circulating
religious literature was, therefore, at
variance with the highest authority In
the land. He proposed to make a test
case of It and If he were convicted he
would appeal to a higher tribunal. The
Judge then, as a matter of form, pro
nounced him gulltv as charged and
stated that he would give himself un
til next Saturday to consider the mat
ter of imposing a fine.
Three little girls, Edith and Essie
Maxton and Etta Shindlcr, were com
plainants against J. Leighter's horse
and Mr. Leighter himself was a de
fendant before Judge Conlan on the
charge of leaving the animal unhitched.
The maidens testified that the horse
was allowed to roam at will in the
vicinity of Sixteenth street and Red
wood court and that while they were
at play it sneaked up behind them,
snatched their straw hats and deliber
ately ate them. Moreover, when they
attempted to rescue their headgear, the
voracious equine snapped at them. Mr.
Leighter denied that the horse was
either starved or vicious of character
and opined that if the youngsters
would let him— the horse— alone he
would utterly ignore their hats. Case
continued till September 6 l to afford
Mr. Leighter time to present character
testimony in behalf of the horse.
"I went on making up the bed," she
laughingly replied, "and then I went
to' sleert"
The negro was arrested about twen
ty-four hours later in a bedroom at
tached to the restaurant of A. Carasio,
133" Montgomery avenue. He was ran
sacking the apartment when discov
ered and he crawled underrieath the
bed, whence he was extracted by a
policeman summoned by Carasio. At
the City Prison he was registered as
Elias Linzey. Judge Conlan sent him
to the Superior Court to 'answer for
two charges of burglary.
It was in a perfunctory way, rather
than with expectation of finding the
strange man there, ' that Mrs. Rosie
Franuechi' of 610>£ Francisco street
peered underneath her bed last Sat
urday evening. She had done the same
thing every night since her early girl
hood and repeated disappointment had
gradually dispelled her fear, but the
habit remained. So when she finally
discovered him she was as much sur
prised as if she had not always looked
for him Just before retiring to slumber
and in her astonishment she did ex
actly contrary to what she had made
up her mind to do in such a situation.
Instead of screaming for help and
rushing from the apartment, she burst
into song and began arranging the
bedcovers. A deep and prolonged snore
from the intruder indicated that" he
slept and contributed to the woman's
quick recovery of her self-possession.
Then she realized that it would be use
less to call for aid, as nobody was
within hailing distance, and she also
suspected that her uninvited visitor
might be shamming sleep in order to
get her out o£ the room so that he
could plunder it. A weighing of these
facts and probabilities fixed her pur
pose. She accepted the next snore as
her cue for" action.
"Hi, you, in there," she shouted;
"come out and git out!"
The response was a snore deeper and
longer than any of its predecessors.
"Come out 'o that!" she yelled.
Another snore. Then she reached her
hand underneath the bed, grasped a
trousers-leg and Jerked and pulled until
she brought to light a coalblack negro
with a most villainous countenance.
"What's de mattah?" he inquired,
rubbing his eyes.
"You git out 'o here at once!" com
manded Mrs. Franuechi, pointing to
the door.
Without a word the negro walked
out.
"And what did you do then?" asked
Police Judge Conlan, before whom Mrs.
Franuechi recounted her adventure.
For stabbing Francois Coushard with
a knife Jules Lemai, a sailor, was sent
to the Superior Court by Judge Caba
niss. The men had a fight at 78 Jack
son street on August 14.
• • •
Judge Conldn dismissed the charge of
battery which had been hanging over
George Rush since July 30. when he en
gaged in a fight with a street-car con
ductor and had a leg broken in a scuf
fle with the policeman who arrested
him.
zales were In the Police Court and yes
terday Gonzales appeared before Judge
Cabaniss as complainant against Col
lins, the charge being disturbance of
the peace. Mrs. Gonzales, the principal
witness for the prosecution, was attired
In a snow-white gown of fluffy ma
terial and unusual circumference and
her hat corresponded to her dress in
both color and width. So relentlessly
did she press .the charge against Col
lins that the Judge fined him $5.
I>r. Bovard Predicts That the
* Japanese Will Be the
¦'".¦Killers in the Orient
State's Building and Loan
Associations Show Gains
in Members and Profits
Display on Exhibition at
St. Louis Is a Disgrace to
California and the West
Mrs.. Rosie Franuechi Discovers a Coal- Black Njgro Asleep
Beneath Her Couch and So Great Is Her Astonishment
That, Forgetting to Scream and Swoon, She Expels Him
MAY CIVILIZE
THE FAR EAST
ENJOY A SHARE
OF PROSPERITY
STATES FRUIT
IS A HOODOO
FINALLY FINDS THE MAN
HIDDEN UNDER THE BED
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL,- FRIDAY, -.SEPTEMBER -'. 1904.
7
: ADVi:itTiSE.>iEyrs.
Developing I
|gnd P rtntjjoj_^^0
AT CUT PRICES.
Have you sent that trial order in
yet?' Send it in NOW. My work is
always satisfactory, because I know
how tu do it,- and then my prices are
very small. . ' .
DEVELOPING:
Roll of € lOciRoll of 12.. ..15c
' PRINTING:
Solio finish 3c to Se
Velox finish 3c to 6c
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, the
"best * in the market, at small prices.
A.NSCO CABTKH.AS, at prices rang-
ing from &5.OO- No better cameras
madfe; ' ' -
CTEO FEOTO PAPSB. Try it. At
my pnecs. You'll like It.
Cameras repaired at low fig-urea.
Mall- orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
. F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MAEgCT 6TBET, Opp. Tilth.
¦¦'¦¦ ¦ EAN FRANaSCO.
Sandstorm Mining Co.,
CoIdfieW, Nev.
¦ The most phenomenal gnld strike in the
• history of the world, outrivaling- th« fa-
mous Klondyke, accounts of which ap-
P«»rt4 in yesterday's papers and which
. — e hereby fully substantiate by private
<ll«paich«s from Tonopah. occurred on this
¦ property within the last fe— days. Of the
..original &0.000 shares placed on the mar-
r ket yesterday, there remain but 16.000
• shares which we offer to the public at 32%
. .cents per share. No favorites; ffrefcome.
..•first aerve— . - -----
' ' NAT BOAS.
• -Becretary Judah Boas Banking Co..
-S30 'Moctcomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
• . E. _ MIJJS tc CO.. '
Tonopah and Goldfleia. Nev.
Sele Agents Sandstorm Mining Co. ' '
Biliousness
-is a common complaint, very annoying
' . serious if the proper remedy
.be not. administered The secretive
¦organs must be put in a thorough
"• uorkinjj condition. Jf you would lilce
'.to have a relief act as ix from a charm,
•¦just use
Beecham's
Pi iic
mil— 1
. Soli Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25c*
'/¦visit OR. JORDAN'S great 4
JMOSEOH OF AieATOHYd
Q C_p iJK__rrr£7.ttt.2:i«:i.s.r.c_A
\ i^^ Thr Lar-nt Aaunaiicsi MuttL-ai ;• rk* \
h fW&J ?«»«»— '"•'»"•'•< hTlhroiilctf
0 DR - JaRDAN-O'SEASES OF KEN 6
/» k'Qi&n T Co— o!t_oo fife «nd ftrWI, printc. \
V p- V%U _••'¦«"»_**"<'»»•'» — bf l«;«. A A
' fi / M I ft—*— Cfcr«ia~e.-)rc»9c undertake*. T
OV II \\ ft V ' r! " for pooV - ¦*— ILdKOfSS Y mt A
v if \\ V ~ *aau«e. _Aiuat> r»L uC
¦r-(* /J- nlwNi be«k Iw avn) \
f % Dtt - JOED1K —CO.. IC51 MartetSt.S. F. 0
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj,
6_!> KKAKXV ST. IMaWl.tlnil
in t»34 Corlfe* trt-atlui-nt of t'rivat*
Uianuea. l««l Maiitiuud. Deliilitv nr
'!is*rsf wraiinir'tit body 4ml oilnil tii'l
Mem i il«;i-:>f-es. The Ihictcrcur^e n-Jieu
others fail. Try htm. fhnrgfi> low.
<iirr>:unrnHlrrtl. Oil I or wriie.
Dr. J. tr. oi nntt.N. mm Fraucisco. CaL
¦ RAILWAY TRAVEL. >
- ... ' " •
S < *£~hr*2^ Trtlm 1««t« and »r» dat
lo arrive _t
ffl£^^j_] S A N FRANCISCO,
'^vM/w Tmom Xc1>t ta r vxk
V>^_3^\/ • F«sst Oxtot
X^C \1S (fmn o, jiarket 8tr*et.>
"'" - MAIN LINE. -^TaaTTT
700* VaeaTtUe. Wlnu**. KumK-y -. M 7 50»
7^)0 a Benlcta, Blmlr» aod 8*cr»3iento.. 7.20»
7J0a V»l!ejt>. Napa. C»IUtoz». SaaU
Km*. Martinet. Sao K.imoa 8.20»
730a Nile*. Tracy. Lothrop. Stockron.... 7.20»
I4J0A Sh«»t» K ipreu — f VU D»tU>.
Wtuiamt (for Dartlett Spr!nir»>.
wisiowi trrato. I<e4 UlnS.
Portlaad, Tacom*. Seattle 7. SO*
t CCa D»Ti«.'~oo<ilaad. Knlzhu L»nd:at
MmrytTlIla, Clitoo. OrotUlo ...... 74U»
I -JflA Port Co«t a. Martinez. Aatlocit.
Brroa. Tra«T. StocSton. New-
man, tm Uaaoa, Uondotv .-*
Anaoaa. ilaafonl. Vlialta,---.
PerterTllle 4.29*
•JOAPon Coata. tlodost*. Merea4,
- . Frewo, 6oab«n JaaeUoa, __V
ford, Tlialla, nakenteM ... :.. 4.50**
148a Nil? •. San Jom>, LlTer— ore, Stoek*
ton. (tMiltonV loae, S«er«ni«at<\
MarysTllle. Cb!co. Hod Bluff .... 4.20»
I JSCa Oakdale. Chtaeae, Janestown. 8>
norm. Taolnmnt and Angela ..... 4-2tJ»
¦ Qua Atlantic Bjiprass—OsdeaaadBatu 5 20»
t 40a Richmond, Marlines aad Tfar
Suttoni »5O
lOOCATh" Orerlaad Llsaltad — Ofin.
OmttiK. Cb!c»e», Uenter, K«as_
Cttr. Su LonS* «.20»
JOCCa Valle jo tt£0»
W-OCa _m Ana-eles Passenf er — Port ¦ ¦ .
Coat*. Marttnes, Ilyron. Traey,
Lathrop. Stockton, llereed.
Raymond. Kretno. Goaben Jano-
ti»». 11 »o'ord. Lemoore, Vlsalia.
Bak.en0etv. Loa Aaealra 7TO»
If jCOm U«yw*rd. NUoa and ~ay Buttons. 5.20»
11JK3P Sacramento RtTerSteanera t11.00»
S J0>* Beateia, Wlater*. Bacrameota ¦••'
Wo<Mil»»d. ~tllo— i. Knljrhu
. ' Landing. Marya Tills. Ororllla
*od way ptmttons ;... 13 SOa
tZD* flay ««rd. Nllea aad Way Stations.. 7409
4 CCf> Martta«s.Saa i:.t;non. VMleJo.Haja,
¦ Callatoca. 8»aU Ru*a. ... 9 2t)A
I « COp Nttea. Traey. Stockina. f.odl 4.20*
4Z0P Uayward. Nllea. lMlagtoa. Baaj tS.BO*
Joae. LtT«rmoro :... J tti.BOA
• 4>0* > Tbe Owl Llu»Ued— M«»n»«n. Loa ««
Banos. Meaduia, Trraao, Talara.
BakertOeld.LoaAngelea 8. SO*
tS 30p nayw«rd, Nllea and San. Joaa ..._ 7. 29*
8-OCp Uayward. Ntles and San .loss....... 9 SO*
8-OOp Ea«tcTn Ziprrn— Ogden. Omaha,
Chlmtro. DoaTar. Kaaaas City.
St. lx>ul«. Tla, Mantnea. Stockton,
Sacrameato. C'nlfaz. Ueno 12.F0* 1
• ,O0p Vallfjo, dally, except Sua<lay I , rcn .
74JCP Vallejo. Sunday only f '••«»*•
7XCP Klchmoart. Han Pablo, Port Osta,
Uartlnet aod.AVay Stations..:... 11.20a
T.COp IJrao Passenger— i'ort Cocta, Bnt- . ¦ «. •
¦nn. Elmlra. Darls. flacTsaiento,-
Trackee. Lake. Tahoo. Reao, ;
Tonopah. Sparka 7-53*
¦ CSp Port CoaM. Marslaes. Byron,
Traey. Lathrop. Meietto.
Merced. BerenUa. Freano and
Way Stations beyond Port Cost* 12-201*
8 Cop Ycm-m!te Valley, Tla berenda au<l
Wawona 8 50V
8 .CSp Harilnes. Traey. Stoclc'.on 10.20a
C5p Oregon A California Rzpreaa — 0ao> - >
ramento, MaryaTllle, Koridlag.
Portland, Puget Sonmt *Kd Eaat. 8-3C*
I.1CP Uayward, Nllea and San Joae(Soa- ¦«••¦
; dayonly) . 11-Bfl^
COAST LINE <s«rr..r iiaag*).
<Koot of Market Str«wt.) ¦
7.45a Santa CraxExcunloniS.isday only) t.10s*
t.loA Newark. CenterTH'.e. Sna Joe>% . -.-.
;•¦?-¦»* ¦-' Kelton. Houldf rCreelc. H!eB.t»!n,
Santa Crm an<l Way Stations... ' 5 5S»
19.15a AlTiradn. Netrarlc, San Jo«e, I.oa
Gatoa,G1enwood, Felton, Bonkler
Creek. Bla; Paarn. Santa Crax.... S-18s>
tt-15P Newark. Ceater»llle, 8«n Jos*.
New Alaiiwlen.L<M Ga:o». r«:tnn.
llouWer Cr»ek, Sant* Crus and
PrlLXlpal Way Btattoua 10-3*.*
4.1Fat NtwarX, San Jose, Los Gatos -ft-65Jt
4.16" 1 Wright, Boulder Crv^k and Santa
Crnx. (Saturday and SuixIat only. 68 55*
COAST LINE <unmd «.*¦«•)...
' PT < 1 nird »n.l lo^n»»n.| Strtwta.)
5 10a San Jote and Way Statlima. 630*
i t7 00a San Joae and Way Station*. S.4C**
7.16a Monterey anrl Santa Cruz E.tear-
mon (Sanday only) 10 30»
SOOa New Almaden (Tue».. TiH.. only). 4.1U#
COa Tho Coaster — San Jote. Siltaaa.
Sun Ardo,' Paso RoMtv 8»nt*
U*rgarUa. San l.-«N tn>l»pn. Srnu% ¦>"* -". '.. \
Barbara. San UueuaTenmra.
MontalTO. Ornard, Uurbank. Loa
Angeles . 10-45*
C0Oa Ollroy. lloTltater. Caatrortlle. t>rl
Monte. Pacific OroTe, Surf, Lotn-
poc ... nO-45»
I. CO A Baa Josa. Tret Plnos.WataonTtlls,
Capttola. Santa Crnx, l'»rt.!e
GrOTe, 9altnna> San I.ula <>l>lspo
and Prtnclp*! Way Stations. ... 4.10s*
10 30a fan Jote and Way Stations 1-20P
11-3Ca Sauta Clara, han Joaa, Lo« Gatoe
and Way Stations 7.30»
UOp San Joae and Way Station i ... .... 8 3£U
IS-ObP Del Monie Kzpreas (except San-
day) — Santa Clara, ban Jo**.
WatsonTille. Santa Crnz. Del - '
Moat*. Monterer. ftdf. e Grore. 1 1 2- 15s»
I-30P Burllnirame. San .lo'c. Ol!roy, Hol-
liner. Trcs Ptnoa.PaJaro. Watnon- '
t!!1*. Capttnin, Sunta Crac. Ca*-
tro*IHe. Salinas. Paclnr RroTe... 10 45*
4J0p'sn Joae and Way Otationa........ tSOfJA
t5 00p Santa Clara, s»n Joae, Lo* Uatos.
Wrlgbt ami principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) tS.CO*
15 30p banJ»ieandPrtncli><«IATayS(Nttona J3-4CU
6 45p bonset Express. — Kedwood. Ban. . *.
Jose,Gtlr>jy.S*!!nas,Psso Uohles,
6sn i.ula Ublapo, Santa Barbara.-
Los Ans*!— , Demln^. Kl Paso,
Nev Ortrana. N«w York 7-10*
S.45P Psjarn, -Wat«onTtlIe. Capltola. I . , n _
»aata Ctux. CastroTlile. DelV'iS^I
Monte, Pacific UroTe.. ...... . ', T»O^Si»
t8-15P tan Wateo,Bcreiford.l!eliiionv.S*a
larlos. Kndwixxl. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18.48*
6 30p San Jo«e and Way Stations. 6 38*
BbQp Palo Alto and Way Stations. .' 13-1BA
11.3UP south San Krunclseo. MlUbrse. Bar-' v
llngarae, San Mateo. Belmoos,
' San Carlos. Uedwood. Fair Oak*.
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 8 45*
*11 30f" JlayUelrt, Mountain Vlow, 9onsy< ..
vale, Lawrence. Ssnta Clara and
»nJw a.4S#
A lur Murnlnfr. P for A f tcrnoon. ~~
t 6anJ«» exeepteO. t SuodaT oolT. ,
• cntuni.j onlr. b Monday ocly. - .
_lbihM ax aa sutloau «ei Soalaz.
CALIPORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN fPANCISCD AND NORTH PAC1FI3
ba ZZ.WAT coacp-znr.
Tibruron rerry. - root oX Market StrteV
SAW rSASCZSCO TO SAW BA7— _Zm
WKEK DAYS — <:^O. S:Ctt. 8:0u. U:0U a. m.;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 5:50, «:30 and UM
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. • .
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:3*.
2:30 3:40. 8:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m. :
SAN BAFA£L TO 3A3X r_AITClSCO.
VEKK DAYS— 6:03. «:&»>. T:M. 7:3<X »:M.
11:15 _. m.; 12:30. t2:00. 3:iO. 6:00. *i*K.
8:23 p. m. \ ' --
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p; — .
SUNDAYS— «:8O. 7:33, 9:20. 11:13 a. m.: 1:4*.
3:40. 4:30, 6:00. 6:20. «:23. T:60 p» ~» B i,
tExcept Saturdays. ¦
Leave I In Effect I _Arr_»e
BanPTan. ( May 1. 1904. | Ban BTaa.
Weet I Sun- J D»stlna- I Son- I Was*
Days. I days. | tlon. \ days. 1 Days.-
7:30 a 7:43 aj T:4»a>
T-30a 8:00a 8:40a »:_»•
8:COa 9:30a Ixnacto. ***&**&&*
2:30 p 2:30 p ? «:00p *M9
6:10 p 6:10 p »=20P .»•»»
... ¦ • • !ZS P
¦ 8: — P
? .-. n „ 7.30 s ¦ 7:43a 7:48*
IlooS liooJ Norato. » : S*»2JS
2:30 p »:30a Petalum*. «|2?P$*_»
6:10 P 2:30 p and 7 25p t»»»
6:10 p . Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7-3Oa 7-30 a ' ' 10:20 a 10:2O a
I:Oot siooS »Ulto_ 2 : gp,«|M,
2:30 p 2:3Op 8:46 P 7l3 3»
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg; 10:»-10_»«
Lytton. _ • • •
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserrille. |7_»P T_»»
Clovexdai*. | ' '
7:3Oa| 7:3Oa| nftiand J1O-.2O a|10j» a
2J3O p(2:30pl MfUMah. |7^— >pJ7_5a.
• n wimta. j' __ !_«.
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | T:25 p| Ta5 g
,. M .i 8-00 at Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:2O a
|:.^S1 2:30 P< Camp I 8:43 pj 8:26 X>
"goo a s-00 a ~~ 8:4Oal S:4Oa>
s'iod 9-2Oa Sonotna. 0:00p[a:20p)
° V 6:10 P OlenEUen. 8:43 p|
-.30 .1 7-3Oal 110:20 a|10:2O a
2;30 p[ 2J30 p| SebastopoL 1 7:25 p| <;20 9
STAGES connect at Santa. Rosa for W_t»
Sulphur' Springs and Mark West Sprlnss; «t
Fulton for.Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geysernile • for Sitas*i
bErlngs; at aoverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
viile and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duneaa
EDrtnes Highland Sprtnss, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Baxtlett
Eorlnzs- at UkUh for Vichy Sprlnsa, Saratoga
Serins*.' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Borines. Upper- Lake. ;Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day*. Riverside, Llerleys. Buc-neirs.
Kanhedrln Heights, HntlvlUe. Orr*e Hot
SDrtngs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camj»
Btevens. Hopkins. Mendoeino City. Fort Brae;.
Westport. Usal: at Willlt* for Fort Braes;.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. ¦ Covelo. Laytoa-
vllle Cummins. -Bell's, Springs, Harris. Olsena.
Dyer. Garberrtlle, Pepperwood. Scotia aad
El Sa t turday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
dU On d Sundays— Round-trip tickets to an potatt
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -_-*••
Ticket Office.'' 630 Market street. Chronicle
b °J__*_ FRAZIER. .' 'r.X.KYa1v.
. , Gen. Manager. Oen. Pass.- Agt. .
Weffiy Gal S1.00 Der Year
S Brand m
i| Evaporated m
¦- Gream m
always bears the above cap iMi
label. It means the same fiH
Sffl as telling you that we jgg
back up its purity with a0gg
$5,0CX} guarantee. wM
mi Made by the largest pro-
JBS ducers of Evaporated jgn
AMiS Cream in the world.
Pleurisy <
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or youc money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 Galifornia St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
B Painless Fillings 26c |
H Painless Crowns $3.50 g
H Full Set of Teeth....... 54.00 ||
HI Sixth and Market t$
t FAVORITE
SCKIPTOM
RWEAKWOMEW.
xd&S^M MEN AND WOMEIt.
C«e Big G fornnnatnrai
_®8k' !¦> 1 «• 5 «i«t»/v_| iliiehargeB, Inflammations.
£Saa Oa««ntetd u! tritt»Uone or ulcerationi
S/t*jf aot t» •wletore. of mucoo) ni'mhranei.
H*' T( FroTtnts fmUti™. Painieis. and not aitrla-
W^ifTriE EMNSCHEMIMLCO. «ent or tK>i«onoon.
l*a& ClMIKHATl.OS'ra ScJd by Drs; tfaU,
'BmRK. ub.*. JwST ot lent in P |aln »r»PP«T.
<f«Bg>a— . by exprens. prepaid. IOC
*&R&&&B3SB&r& < tl.00.nrS bottlet S3.7A.
H rirroUf tact oa ctaafrt-
RAILWAY TRAVEL. - : 'I
'*£ CALIFORNIA H
HLfMITEO TO CHICAGO gj
W LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSD1TS 1
E| at J):.'J O a. in., through in Ii <t»7S,H
Bawltli Ainer and all trapptnffi. H
Other Santa Tm Tralnst
fl-aii £ r£ t for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m! J Merced. Hartford and Vlsallm.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCSS — 641 Market St. an*
Jerry Depot. S. T. Al«o 1113 Broad-
Vay, Oakland. Cal. 87 Sontn rixmt St-
Ean Joae. ' "
H To SAN RAFAEL
ross valley;
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito rerry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francl»co. week days, at
6:30, 7:10, 7:^3. «:30,»: 15, 10.00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a m. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:15,
4-00, 4:33, 5:15, 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, 9:00. 10:20,
11-33 p. rn. Sundays and legal holidays depart
Bt'T:10. 7:45. S:31V 0:15. 10:00, 11:00. 11:40
a rn.. 12:l'O. l:0O. 1:45. 2:3O. 3:15. 4:00, 4:35.
r.: 13, 5:50. ti:25, 7:15, 8:15, 0:00, 10:2O, 11:^5
r» m.
Arrive at San Francisco. — eelc days, 6:17,
7-00 7:35, 8:15. 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m.,
12:05, 1:25. 2:50. 3:S5, 4:20, 5:05. 5:40, 6:15,
C-55, T'-55. 10:05. ,11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05,
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days.' depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45, 9:15, 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20.. 1:00, 1:45
p. m. "THROUGH TRA1N3.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero arid way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc. ' • •
3:15 p. rn. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc.
8:15 p m., Sundays only— For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
LraTe . - .- Tm !Ui.<>liU ft rrj Arrive
Ban Fraucisco r»*t >f Harkrt a. San Franclsc*
Week 8«n- __JB__. San- Week"
Diyt. days. A&ffliRfa. day*. Day..
ZrZr.~W30l fiS^S^ T2:48p« 8:451
.10:00 a \f«%2!t_»9 2:05 r '11:08 a
10:00 a 11:00 a Vl5»»_S5y 3:35 r 3:35 F
1:46 r 12:20 r !£_!§_/ 6:40 r 6:15 i
ft:1tr 1:45 r ySsrjr 6:15 r 10-.OS i
,4:3&r ' 8:60r .........
• Tto CrtTtty far. f TmmIhIi u iU liXltf.
ftcxrr "}W6 Markkt St. (North ftbore JtailnMd) '
OrncM tand t:i.csALnoFcKKY. Toot Market 81
Grand Opening
..Friday and Saturday..
Sept,. 2d and 3d
• — — — — "'- ' ¦ •'
1009 Market St » • Q.«.p*% W09 Market St
From MaKer .^ K m One Single Price
to Wearer . ..Tliail EVCr«. OneSinglcProiit
* TI41T
5500 Scotch Plaid Tailors i
$5.00 1009 Market St. ®
- Largest Tailoring House in the World §
4O.UU : '..Siiits or Overcoats to Order.. §
' :;-V'. : , : :" '¦¦;•-¦;, : ' 1^- ¦' '"'. ¦ : - .
$5.00 No More $ 1 5.00 No Less M ©
tfenn Just received 5000 styles of wool- w -
*P ens , comprising all the latest ef- • 5T--
fects'of the largest foreign and J %
jtfc (\f\ domestic looms in the world; also v ¦*<¦.¦
$J*\J\J exc i us ive designs from the mar- r> ©
||i kets of, Scotland;- England, Ger- C :»
US DO >F rance an^ tKeUnited States, h 5
$D.\JV njr stores in the United States | °
27 Stores in Europe and Canada pi O
$5.00 Call Early and Make ;Fl&
Your Selections at S*
tf*r~ /\rv •••inii».i. «~*
Scotch Plaid jailors -I
|$5;00 .h - - 1009 Market. St. ,- -
$15 % T TJ°r\ %\5_ |
i.«C Of) JJoMore Largest faiioring Es- No^ore; o
FromMiUtol $5.00 SOUVENIR I Dress^etter
ManDiPcet; GIVEN l!i^^ I Pay Less.
1009'Markct:_t to every customer; | l609/Markct SUTownaend's California Glace fruits to
artistic nr •-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Edna .Wallace Hopper ii the New
York World delivers herself of the
following advice to the man who stays
In • town'; during the time his wife • is
away on ' her .vacation :
Don't look too resigned on the day
of" your; T wife's \ departure^— : women
The gratifying success. of our school for truants is attested by the fact
that another teacher will be: added to the staff, already insufficient for the
proper, instruction of the pupils. Principal Richard D. Faulkner reports
«.h?t Ihere has not been one case of truancy-since the novel school was*es
taWwhVd,-though it numbers among its pupils al! the incorrigibles passed
i:non.by the juvenile Court ! Truly, when birds of a feather are herded to
jnelber, in dividual spirit for mischief suffers through lack of applause.
"Oh,, no; but ; she's getting so she
can make .them; look good- enough to
•at."— Philadelphia Public Ledger.' ?
Improvement.
"Your wife - is ¦., improving with her
baking^ isn't she?"
"Oh, yes." . . ¦ - „
"Her cakes and ; pies now are good
enough to eat, eh 7" v ' . • -
DAINTY ACTRESS WHO TEIJ-S
THE STAY-IN-TOWN MAN .WHAT
TO DO.
sometimes' change their minds.
Don't wear your gladdest rags the
day after. Be moderate. A gradual
change in the style of your : attire is
less noticeable.
Don't at any time affect too jaunty
a manner or too noisy raiment. You
are undoubtedly young and lovely, but
there might be the suspicion of the
would-be "devll-of-a T f ellow", about you.
which the knowing Instantly -ticket as
belonging to the man | left behind.
Beware of the - fascination of the
peek-a-boo* waist— the man* hanging
on the strap may belong to her. "
Don't start in with J 10 dinners the
first week. : ,The summer is long.
" Don't mix your, drinks just because
it's'snmmer. I It's . a ; stomach
that; knows no turning. '
v Don't assume '¦ a virtuous air with
Let all tho*e, therefore, for whom former neglect, a change of residence
r.r otiser circumstances has brought the deprivation of a right to cast a vote
fee to «t that on the books of the Registrar their identity is fully established.
After September 28 the time for repentance only exists.
AVe ruake an appeal for a complete registration in no partisan spirit. It
is tlic dutv of every voter to assert himself at the polls next November, what
ev£r the complexion of his political creed may be. It is a grave mistake for
r.n individual to lie back andiet "the other man" do his voting under the false
conception that one vote more or less will have an unappreciable effect in
the grand count. The exercise of the right of suffrage is no less a duty than
2 priviJcgre. The state rightly demands that every man that claims protection
under it should assert his measure of initiative in the conduct of the gov
rrnrrcn't.
OJC September 23 registration for the coming national election will cloj.-.
All who have neglected to secure, their proper entry on the books r»f
the Registrar by that date will be debarred from an exercise of me
'.ighckt right of citizenship and the opportunity to register their will in the
tcrcsT - national ijuestion of a succession to the Presidency will have passed
;:rrmproved- • •
A South Dakota girl. Miss Lucile
"Wilson, who is at present "roughing
it" on her brother's cattle ranch near
Hampshire. WyoT, "has distinguished
herself by running down and captur
ing two antelopes, a feat .which "'even
the most, experienced and reckless
row punchers can rarely perform.' The
baby antelopes, notwithstanding their
tmallness, were remarkably i fleet of
foot, but the horse Miss Wilson was
riding was one of the swiftest in' that
part of Wyoming, and after ah excite
Ing pursuit of nearly four miles one of
the f awns was overtaken/ Miss Wil
son jumped from - her horse, grabbed
the little fellow and tied its feet with
one of the rawhide thongs from the
saddle, then ; hastily^ remounted and
continued her pursuit of , the other one,
which she also succeeded '"in .captur
ing. '
SOUTH DAKOTA GIRL
CAPTURES ANTELOPES
REGISTER NOW.
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal.
Ofornia street. Telephone Main 10 U, •
Don't forget the box of candy, new
magazines, and, if possible, a trifling
present when you do visit your fam
ily. Your popularity will surprise you.
Don't send a telegram saying that
important business detains you in
town. Your Infant daughter' won't
believe that gas nowadays.
Don't acquire too many roof gar
den, songs. Tour office boy couldn't
teach them all to you.
Better wait till afternoon before
writing your dally^ epistle to your
family— your hand will be steadier.
A little shaking is an obvious thing!
Don't expect much sympathy from
your family when you dilate upon the
horrors of being left In town all
through the hot summer. They know
a thing or two, sometimes.
Don't forget to visit the family the
first Sunday or two. You will enjoy
your week in town better and your
wife's vacation will probably be ex
tended. . "
Don't play poker on the best pol
ished mahogany table. Chipg scratch.
Don't fail to change your address if
your next dcor neighbors are at home.
You will save yourself future trouble
if you do.
your green complexion and «ay you
are sticking too close to your desk
and expect people to believe you.
Don't forget to go to bed. You
m ill look better the next day at the
oIHce. ,
Don't invit<* too many bibulous
friends to the house. They don't im
prove the appearance of things.
Mrs. Elizabeth Geese, who died not
long ago at Lewes, was tne only worn
i an grave digger in England. On the
death of her husband in 1879 she was
appointed to carry on his duties at the
Lewes Cemetery.
WOMAN GRAVE-DIGGER DEAD.
PLANTS IN SLEEPING ROOMS^
A. C. San Rafael, Cal. The general ef
fect of vegetation is to purify the air.
The -leaves of plants and trees Inhale
carbonic acid gas, the poisonous ele
ment of the atmosphere thrown out by
animals in breathing, and gives out'
oxygen, the life-giving element, with
out which animal life cannot exist. The
constant action of the leaves of plants
is one of the natural agencies by which
the proportion of carbonic acid in. the
air is always kept at a minimum. This
element, carbonic acid, without ¦which
plant life could not exist,* is poisono'us
to animal life; not as is usually sup
posed, because It is in Itself a poison,
but because when more than a cer
tain proportion of it Is In the air res
piration becomes impossible. It is not
a poison to the stomach or blood, but
is deadly to the lungs. Yet though it
is true that the general influence of
vegetation is to render the air pure.. It
is also true that house plants should
never be kept in sleeping rooms, nor
indeed In any rooms generally occu
pied, if the matter of ventilation Is
not carefully attended to in them.
Every green leaf on tree or plant sucks
In during the sunshine carbonic acid
gas from the air and breathes out oxyl
gen, but this is only in the day tlmel
During the night this action ceases and
the reverse process goes on. that Is,'
taking oxygen and giving out carbonic
acid gas. Harm done by plants in
houses Is caused, especially when they
are blossoming and at all times at
night. -
SIEGE OF PLEVNA— Subscriber.
City. The losses during the sieg» of
Plevna, Bulgaria, and the battle Im
mediately before the surrender *cf the
city, was: Losses by the Russians, 40.
000. and by the Turk?. 30,000.
ANSWERS TO QUIRKS.
When Mrs. E. E. Boyer of Potts
ville. Pa., went to rake the fire in the
kitchen range a few days ago she was
startled by an angry hiss at her fee,t.
Stepping back she narrowly avoided
a large blacksriake which wriggled
across the floor.
Remembering that there wa3 a
fickle in the cellar, she secured it and
attacked the snake. It did not retreat
even after she had made a sweep with
the sharp blade, taking off part of
its tail. The fight continued for sev
eral minutes, until Mrs. Boyer. by a
lucky swing of the sickle cut off. the
reptile's head.
The snake is supposed to have
crawled from a mass of rank vege
tation near the house, through the
open door, and to have coiled itself
beneath the stove.
Miss Mary Reynolds of Sibley, Iowa,
has accepted an offer to go to China
and become tutor to the two grand
nephews of the Empress Dowager.
Her home will be in the .family of a
missionary, but her work will be at
the royal palace.
FJ)f(/1 U//}CC/l<?EJOppEI^
DONT'S - FOR MEN
THIS WOMAN HAD
NO FEAR OF SNAKE
WOMAN WILL TEACH
IN ROYAL PALACE
¦ mr R. OSTRANDER, a mountaineer and pioneer, in a recent letter to
/ \S\ e C^Yi, su ?? OTts a position we have often stated and affirmed. He
-iYl t-ys t hat our forests are to be preserved from destructive fire only
by the conservative use of fire to destroy underscrub and duff. We inherited
our forest* from the Indians, who practiced this conservative use of fire, and
hiade the forests like a park, open and free of "copse. The Indian method is
practically followed" by scientific foresters, who in the public forests of Europe
keep the ground clean of dead trees, undergrowth and duff, using fire prop
erly, when necessary, 'for that purpose. . r
Our forests were subject to lire long before they were seen by civilized
man. The Indians evidently sometimes fired when it was too dry or let the
fire set b?yen<i control. In the Mariposa big tree grove is a giant sequoia
•which shows by the flattening of one side extending far. up the column, that
it »vai once wounded by fire, but has completely repaired the injury and cov
ered -it with thick bark. Standing within a few feet of it was a large sugar
yir.c. nhicb was felled in the interest of the sequoia, which it was crowding.
The ring* of the tcgar pine were counted and its age, was found to be 800
j ezre, yet *t had no ms.rk of fire.
. This proved that the great fire which smote the sequoia must have oc
curred before the sugar pine existed, probably a thousand years ago. The
.'iCifloii being non-resinous 2nd hard to kindle, a fire that would have in
:;:etr~ vseh sn injury upon it would have destroyed the pitchy sugar pine had
•it been standing at- the time. But, notwithstanding such ancient fires, our
fr*re5ts were -ixe'il preserved 10 as. and their protection from destructive fires
::•.•>• he sought by conservative firing.
* Thi* year onr mountains have been entirety free from forest fires. The
'reason fr»r this doubtless ;s that the general conflagrations of the last five
.yezn> have cleaned the forest floor of duff and underscrub, at the same time
destroying ratltidas of £ae trees, so -that this year there is but little for fir%
to feed cpoa.
If ike /s*nie' area had "been conservatively cleaned by fires it would be
equally safe sad no trees would have been destroyed.
FOREST PRESERVATION.
HELP. WABTEB.
I care not the breed of this paragon-
Swede.
Celtic or Dutch, all's the same— . *
I'd be willing to pay for a eaf» nu lait.
Or a chocolate girt that ts game. .
If you have such a lass, send her 'round
on a pass.
FIT try her at least for a week —
What's that that you sing? Oh. well, any
pld thing.
If she's able to ait up and squeak.
— H. W. R-. In Pittsburg Press.
She never must pout, nor at night lata
stay out.
And must not have friends In the
kitch.;
She must do all the work, and nothing
must shirk.
Nor kick If in wage there's a hitch.
She must juggle the food in a manner sot
ruciei - . -• .-.'r.'-z
Must run all the gamut of tastes:
Must boil and must bake from mutton to *
cake.
Must b« free from all manner or
wastes. '
She must know all the ways of the jouso
where she stays.
And defer to pet foibles and traits;
She must wear her hair curly, be up late
and early. " .r..
And must never break saucers on
plates. • - .'. :
I want a new girl, a diamond or peari.
- • A first water jewelfor me;
Must be handsome and neat. -good tem
pered and sweet —
Perfection's the thing, you see. /.->
"I object to being called a 'gay Lo
thario,' " said Mr. Bragg. "Of course
I'm not engaged to any particular
girl, but " •;
"Of course you're not," interrupted
Miss Snappe; "if she w'ere particular
you couldn't be."— Pailadelphla Ledger.
An Impossibility.
She— Tes. indeed. Why. she actually
broke her engagement with .a man
worth an even $500,000 and married otw
worth only $450,000.— Chicago Newt.
He — I understand your friend-, Mrs.
Shopperton. is a great bargain hunter.
True to Her Sex.
The gun Pop looked in wasn't loaded.
And yet in Willy's hands exploded:
"What can't be cured .must be * en
dured,"
Said Willy. "Pop was well insured.' 1
¦:^-U ,-*. ; .;- — Ufe.
Precaution.
BITS OF HUMOR
The Palo Alto Citizen fcrints the fol
lowing: Davenport, the famous car
toonist, who served for so many years
on the Hearst papers, has finally tired
of the dirtv work that he • was called
upon to perform for his lampooning
master and is now furnisning some of
the best and most humorous cartoons
ever published for the San Francisco
Call and the New York ilalL One of
these is published every day on the edi
torial page of the Call and to be appre
ciated must be seen- That 'one on
Thursday, illustrating Judge Parker's
statement in his speech of acceptance
that he would not accept renomlnation,
was extraordinarily good.
LIES THE CABTOOflS.
¦ '.. Hllfi speech is a to key note" effort, and we hope that the* pace it fixes
will be kept up by his imitators. ' When that host of Southern orators comes
North to aitack the President and make a personal campaign we hope they
will follow Hill in telling the people that it is dangerous to have a President
who has no strings on him. The Republican National Committee should rec
ogv.izc good service and offer to pay Mr. Hill's campaign expenses. He is
doing good work. ..; ... "•
*T^HERE are two Hills in the campaign against Roosevelt. One is the
•I high financier, the other the low politician. The difference in their alti
*1 rude indicates no difference in their purpose, to wage a personal cam-
a.gamst the President. The politician, the New York Hill, has opened
iis up-State campaign in a speech at a county fair. He argued at length
£&st the President, using as his text this statement: The President,
?r-.ror.gh himself and his late private secretary, manages and directs every
cfetail.of the campaign, while experienced political managers of long service
ia the party, are brushed aside and ignored." Thereupon Mr Hill appears
& attorney for the ignored politicians, and bewails their sad fate at great
• "They probably did not know how badly they are being abused until he
5;atcd their case. He appeals to them to rise, throw off their lethargy and
Kick hi ? h. All this is amusing. It is also distinctly Hilhsh. Little Dave, who
nonage's Parker's campaign, knows how he feels when he is not managing
something in politics, and he i. unable to conceive how a candidate for the
Presidency can get alang without takingorders from somebody else
• His candidate shows no symptoms of independence. He irmtes Sheehan
.rmd Murphy and McCarren to call and see him and tell him what to do. He
even invited the notorious Bill Dcvcry to come into counsel with him, and
Bill went. Then the KeW York World, never accused of beuig ~sty nice
about such things, held up its hands in astonishment and exclaimed, "I his is
the limit." Under Kill's management no -manager" has been too unsavory
for conation by Judge Parker, and HiUis the happiest politician in>ew
.York. The campaign on his side is going to .suit him exactly. The man
rgcrs" are rrnning it, and he is running the managers JUnder his adv.ee
Trdse Parker is piling up obligations to the Murphys, McCarrens and Dev
irys which will have to be redeemed if he reach the White House, and in
Mtutii fonxi Hil! will get a rakeoff from them all.
Z*'O He \« entirely correct in charging that President Roosevelt is independ
ent nf the influences which have already surrounded Judge Parker, and taken
a' mortage rpon his political future. The President has no intermediary be
tween him and his party and the people. He needs no go-between, for his
¦¦"rtaster motive is "-2 square deal."
- The politicians and managers of his party understand perfectly that no
"o-e has a first lien upon him, and that in his regard equal merit has equality,
"J0& more no man can ask. Mr. Hill has quite unintentionally paid to the
President the highest. of compliments. The spirit of the times is against inner
c : rc!cs" executive sessions of managers, and covert promises, which mort
age a victory to a few. The people want to feel that their contact with a
candidate is direct, and that their access to a President is to be the same.
President Roosevelt takes the responsibility of his campaign. He advises
"with 'every member of his party who seeks counsel with him, and holds all
ooors open to the people. If there be in the Republican party men of the
character of. McCarren and Devery, they instinctively avoid him, for *e is
ttW a nan with whom they can do business. This marks the capital difference
between President Roosevelt and Judge Parker. The Judge is a man of
good character, but is in bondage to the idea of politics with which Hill has
I'oiiS inoculated New York. He gives himself up to the/'managers," and if
'•accident should make him President he would spend a wretched four years
in frying to satisfy the Murphys and Deverys, who are standing guard around
Jinn urder the captaincy of Hill. . ii; .
'¦¦ It must be said for Hill, however, that the rule he applies to the President
lie applied also to his own party, to its disruption. In 1892 Mr. Cleveland was
.nominated against Tammany and Hill's "snap convention," and he carried
.S'ew York without shaking hands with Bill Devcry or giving Dick Croker
the freedom of his sideboard. For this Hill and the managers never forgave
him. Hill seems to have made up his mind that such a thing shall not hap
pen agaiu. So he has found a candidate, filed a chattel mortgage on him, and
goes forth to tell the people that President Roosevelt is a dangerous man^ be
cause'no one has a lien upon him and none can get a chattel mortgage on
him..
HILL'S ATTACK.
A Tyrolese clockmaker recently in
vented and patented a unique alarm
clock. It is simply a new and original
application of the alarm to the clocks
made in the Black Forest, possessing a'
certain peculiarity which he designates
the Alpine Waker.
.Whenever in the solitudes of the high
pastures the cowherds of the Tyrol
and Switzerland desire to .com i.un'cate
with one another over distances too
far for the voice to carry they maks
use of a sort of wooden drum, upon
which they strike with a wooden ham
mer., thus producing a sound which is
distinctly audible over a long distance.
This custom is the father of the idea.
Just above the dial on the clock will
be found a wooden hammer.- which,
actuated by the alarm movement, beats
upon a thin board, raised an inch from
the face of the clock, as upon a drum,
producing a sound of remarkable .in
tensity, more thrilling indeed than that
of the ordinary metal bell. . . * ;
JUDGE PARKER,
After His Telegram and After His Speech.
HERE'S AN ALARM
CLOCK WHICH WILL
SORELY GET YOU UP
THE SANFRANCISGO CALL
; ; , — ; '
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.....1 Proprietor
"7 ~ AilDHEES AtL COMMUNICATIONS TO '»*..«.«--
JOIiy McXAUGHT • • » nJ^^T-L
:^L<L1CXTXOX OFHCE. THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. RAN FRANCISCO
'FRIDAY .-. SEPTEMBER 2. JJO*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER. 2, , 1904.
8
COPYRIGHT. 1WM. BY SPECIAL. ARP.AXtiEilENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL. AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.A- carload of trunks: and dress suit j
oasfs just received at a savins of 5Q_oer j
cfnt'n freight. If you are in- need of a j
trunk dress suit case, valise, wrist bas
or anything in, the leather goods lino
and see th> largest assortment
lowest prices in , tho city. • Sanborn, van
& Co.. 7*1 Market street.
A Carload ; of ..Trunks.
Vnllejo ¦ Newspaper Changes Hands.
•VAL.LEJO, Sept 1.— P. C. Roberts,
who has been publishing the Times of
this city during the past year, has sold
the newspaper to George Roe, who,
prior to two years ago. had been editor
and proprietor of the same for upward
of twenty years.
L. M. Shelley, Deputy.Superintend
ent of Schools, resigned his position
owing to 111 health and Superintendent
Langdon appointed Dr. W. B. How
ard to succeed him. Howard was
formerly a deputy, but resigned to
make way for Henry Suzzalo. Suz
zalo will, also resign about the middle
of this month to accept; a chair in
Columbia University. Shelley will take
a prolonged trip -to the Sierras for the
benefit of his health.
Deputy Superintendent Resigns.
The official'Y. M/-C. A. excursion leav
ing; September 8 .via the Grand Canyon
for the- World's Fair'will be the largest
of the yfcar. Mr. F. \V. Prince, city tick
et agent of the Santa- Fe.- will personally
conduct -the^party: World's Fair rates
are good for this trip. Full information
at*641 Market st.' . - •
Biggest. Excursion of the Year.
California and Paciflc Cosst visitors to the
St LouU World's Fair, who may wish to Jour
ney eastward can reach principal cities and
towns without changing cars by golnsr over
the Vandalia-Pennsylvania lines, the shortest
route from St. Louis to the East. A regular
dally service of seven through fast express
trains from St. Louis to PltUburg and the
Iiaet enables passengers to leave the World's
Fair city at convenient hours throughout the
day. Purcba*«rs of first-claps tickets to Phila
delphia or New York over Vandalla-Penn
sylvanla lines may have them routed via
Washington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten days at the national capital and Balti
more For further Information communicate
with E.. M. Pomeroy, 621 Market street, San
FrnncUco. Cal. - ¦ ¦¦;'¦*
Native Sons' Excursion.
The congested 'attendance in near
ly all the schools has raised the ques
tion as to whether the Board of Ed
ucation has the right to exclude Jap
anese pupils in order to permit of the
accommodation of white pupils. Su
perintendent Langdon yesterday sub
mitted the question to City Atorney
Long for an opinion. The opinion will
affect some 250 Japaese pupils in the
department and is of special import
ance in connection with exclusion of
the Japanese from bench work in the
Polytechnic High School. ; *
Japanese Pupils May Be Excluded.
Its dramatic subject* is an allegory
of the preservation of the redwoods,
the text by Will Irwin. Mr. McCoy
himself conducted,- five numbers of the
music-drama being given. Perhaps
my feeling in the matter is best ex
pressed by what the man behind .me
said: "I did not know McCoy had it in
him." I did not know. Indeed, I doubt
if anything better, or as good, as Mr.
McCoy's first two movements, has been
turned out in California.. Melodic fa
cility,' harmonic inventiveness, the dra
matic quality/ the sustained quality, a
delightful skill in orchestration, are all
Mr. McCoy's* in happiest measure. The
prelude is a charming. specimen' of de
scriptive writing, fertile in fancy, weil
knit, admirably massed. Perhaps even
better is the "Dance of: the Young
Hamadryads," in tho much more cir
cumscribed field - of scherzfl expression.
The McCoy, themes are here thoroughly
original, full of humor and, character.
The, number was delightfully played.
Of course, the women made the day
their own. Belled, booked and candled
out of even the. sacred fringes o£ the
grove, of course we went yesterday!
And, by the way, we were not the first
ladies to attend a Bohemian jinks — by
invitation. Mr. Hotaling, the reader of
the afternoon, made an astounding con
fession. For the first time the eternal
feminine this year, after thirty years of
exclusion, took part in the jinksl True,
they — there were two of them — were
but tiny things, the daughter of the
wood keeper and her playmate— but
still ladies. And not Mr. Hotaling's
most Brutus-like eloquence met with
the applause this statement him!
Nine-tenths of the , audience were
women, however, and, very charming,
I set out to say, the house looked there
fore. There is no theater in, town that
"dresses up" more , prettily than the
Tivoli. . . (\ -¦
The programme of the. afternoon con
sisted of. the club. music dramas of the
last three . years, beginning j with / Dr.
H. J. Stewart's "Montezuma," followed
by W. H. McCoy's "The Hamadryads,",
of this year, and J. D. Redding^ "The
Man in the Forest," 1902. In each case
the comDositions were preluded by . a
reading of the story and a slight ex
position of its musical treatment; by
Richard Hotaling, to whom both com
posers and audience owe much. A
good many actors might usefully go to
school to Mr. Hotaling, who uses a
resonant and ; melodious voice with ad
mirable intelligence and clearness. ,'
By • much the most important work
on the programme was "The Hama
dryads" of W. J. McCoy.
The "public jinks" of the Bohemian
Club, given yesterday afternoon at the
Tivoli, justified itself from every stand
point—social, financial and artistic. The
affair was the first of its kind. Until
yesterday the baby Bayreuth up in the
redwoods had hung on to its music
dramas as jealously as Mamma Wag
ner to "Parsifal." Last year a stray
strain or so — from Dr. . Stewart's
"Montezuma" — floated into heretic ears
by way of Scheel's symphony concerts,
but until then and since the silence has
been absolute. But that was the
wedge's thin end. The public asked for
more. Yesterday's concert was the re
sult. Where the innovations will end
it is impossible to foresee. Possibly
in yearly public pilgrimages to Bohe
mian Grove. However, an annual jinks
of yesterday's kind seems a foregone
conclusion.
In the "Supplication," a solo -for
barytone and chorus, the lack of re
hearsal was felt. Neither is it by any
means either so, interesting or original
as the •"Prelude" and "Dance." Judge
H. A.. Melvin contributed - a ner
vous butj melodious barytone ¦ in the
solo, and a chorus of forty, consisting
mostly of Bohemians, furnished a com
petent choral accompaniment. "The
Coming' of Apollo," the «concluding
movement, is a vigorous and dashing
number, with, however, one extra
ordinarily banal theme, whose banality
is the more unpleasant from its fre
quency. As a whole, though, the work
is of quite exceptional value and was
conducted with a firm and magnetic
baton by its composer.
Dr." Stewart's "Montezuma" came
first on the programme, and pleased, as
on its hearing last year, with its un
pretentious, charm. The march should
find a| welcome on any orchestral pro
gramme, and the finale in particular
has . the picturesque and' dramatla
value. Dr. Stewart conducted and was
heartily ' welcomed.
Evidently it would not much have
mattered what Mr. Redding did. The
cries for "Joe," as the popular clubman
walked on the stage to lead his "Man
in the Forest," testified warmly to his
unimpingable popularity. "The Man in
the Forest" is not overwhelmingly Im
portant, be : it confessed. There are
charming little descriptive passages,
quaint bits : of tone color, some few
dainty themes in ..the work,- btit as a
whole the composition lacks in coher
ence,, in. cumulative grasp, in definite
character. It ehould be said that It
was the first of the' music dramas to be
written for the grove, and is evidently
altogether less ambitious in intention
than its 'successors. ,* Next time, ; Mr.
Redding.' Mr. Hotaling|s reading of the
"legend" here was one of the pleasant
est features of ,the afternoon. His
speech preceding it,- in whtch he hoped
we might come again, % was another.
V ( : - BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
FLASHLIGHT PHOTOGRAPH OF A SCENE- FROM . "THE *- : HAMADRYADS,"
TAKEN DURING THE PRESENTATION OF THE BOHEMIA** CLlIR'S LAT
- EST HIGH JINKS PLAY IN -THE GUOVE NEAR QUERN EVTLLkTT; ) ", -, . iA .
"The Naiad's Idyl" I find unfortunate
ly reminiscent of that/famous air, of
Rudolph's in "La Bcheme." This also
is charming, but without the grip of the
other movements. •
McCARTHY GETS DAMAGES-^The Su
preme Court has allowed John McCarthy of
Nevada County 150 damages against the Gas
ton Ridce Mill and Mining Company because
the corporation let mine refuse Into the plain
tiffs Irrigating: ditch. The company is di
rected not to pollute McCarthy's stream in tha
future.'
The unpaid sums are included in
the clauses of a contract made on
February 9 of last year whereby
Coerper transferred to Wilson $2,720,-
C00 worth of the corporate stock of
the Kona and Kaui Railway Company,
Limited, of the Island of Hawaii, and
all of his interest in the Kona Sugar
Company.' The transfer of, these in
terests was for the purpose of finan
cially rehabilitating the companies
named. It is said that a new lifie
was about to be laid for the railroad,
but the company was embarrassed.
It is set forth in the complaint that
Wilson agreed to put the company in
proper shape and as soon as he was
able to float the prospective bonds he
wculd pay Coerper 5320,000 and the
additional sums mentioned in the suit.
If he did not succeed in four years
in negotiating the bonds the prom
ised payments were still to be made.
Wilson defaulted in the first payments,
hence the -suit .• - ; .>
An effort to float the new construc
tion of a Hawaiian railroad is going
up in the smoke of litigation. A suit
was begun yesterday in the Superior
Court by (2- Bolte. *rs assignee of Jacob
L.-Coerper, a&ainst H. Wilson, Wilson,
Lyon & Co. and the Wilson-Lyon Con
struction Company for the recovery
of $2500 alleged to* have been due
April 9, 1903, and $23,750 alleged to
have been due October 9, 1903.
Suit Started to Recover Two Prom
ised Payments in Bis Deal
Involving Millions.
HAWAIIAN RAILWAY' BONDS
ARE APPARENTLY UNSALABLE
APPLICATION DISMISSED.— Judge Kerri
gan has dismissed the application of Mrs. Gren
nan, aunt of Myrtle Erlcksun, for letters of
guardianship over the Child. Mrs. Grrnnan,
who is sister of - Mrs. Catherine Erlckson, the
girl's mother, represented in her petition that
Myrtle had. been mistreated. The mother filed
an answer denying the charges, and no one
appeared to contest the mother's right to hold
her child.
ttEAL.DFBURG. Sept. 1.— While grad
ing: -for the new eleetrio railway near
Sevastopol to-day, workmen unearthed
a human skull and some bones. They
also found arrows and other Indian
¦« \eapons.
Workmen Unearth" Human Bones,
San Bernardino Traction- Car Strikes
r-V&KSTt -Mnngling Driver . and
:.;-¦ .Horse Attached to Vehicle.
;,S AX BERNARDINO, Sept 1.— M.
Mulraney, a well-known contractor,
was killed here this afternoon in a col
'HFiCri,' his buggy being struck by a
traction car bound for Redlands. The
.iTcirke was killed, vehicle smashed and
JJufvaneyV.body horribly mangled.
SOUTHLAND CONTRACTOR
; . iS ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
:at. Lovelock, this county, was destroyed
by flre this morning. The building was
the property of Mrs. I. Kitchen. The
loss trill be about $5000, insurance
.$3000.'
: . MODESTO, Sept. 1.— Fire causing a
Joss of fully $6000 occurred last evening
Bt one of .the ranches of Thomas W.
Donnelly east of Modesto. Andrew
\Vebb, a young man \vorking on the
ranch, was climbing into a manger
-when matches in his trousers pocket
became ignited by- coming in contact
'a ith the ' manger. ' The flre burned
younj? Webb seriously and was com
municated to the hay' in the barn. In
a short lime the barn, granary, sheds,
a fine carriage horse, a mule, ninety
tons of hay. several hundred sacks of
'.ground barley, a combined harvester,
Ihirty-two sets of harness and a wagon
¦were- destroyed. In trying to save his
property Donnelly was severely burned
on the face, hands and head.
. CHICO. Sept. 1.— The general mer
chandise store and saloon of J. P. West
Besides Mr. Redding there were pres
ent W. H. Crocker, C. J. Foster, John
McNaught, E. B. Halden, C. Fred
Kohl, "VW B. Bourn, Allen Pollak, Dr.
B. MacMonagle, E. H, Hamilton, J. M.
Quay, Lansing Mizner, W. O'B. Mac
donough, W. B. Chapman, Ward McAl
lister, D.M. Delmas, S. G. Murphy,
Thomas • McCaleb, Christian Froelich,
Enrique Grau, Dr. Swan and Frank J.
Carolan. "
Thomas McCaleb was toastip.aster.
He introduced the different speakers in
a happy manner.
D. M. Delmas made the speech of
welcome.-- He chose- for his topic "True'
Bohemianism," and; pointed to Mr.
Redding as a real and genuine disciple
of that set. • He spoke of the many
brilliant jj qualifications of- mind .and
character with which the guest of the
evening was endowed.
¦•' Mr! Reddlng's speech in reply was
in the happiest possible vein and was
received with great applause.
John McNaught made some remarks
pertinent to the* occasion, in which he
referred to the capabilities of Mr. Red
ding in his many diversified walks in
life.
Joseph D.* Redding was the guest of
honor at an elaborate banquet at the
Pacific Union Club last night. It was
tendered to him T by his old friends as
a welcome to -his native State. Good
cheer and. goodfellowship were the
watchwords of the night. The big
round dinner table was laden with the
choicest and richest viands of our
Golden State. Rare flowers of innumer
able brilliant hues and kinds grayly
decked !the festal board, while over the
whole . a flood of soft light fell from
clusters: of tall golden candelabra. The
soft music of a stringed orchestra
added much to the ' enjoyment of the
occasion.* • ; '- L
Bright Speeches by Prom
inent Citizens Are Marked
Features of the Occasion
ENJOY LITERAEY TREAT
TWO MEX ARE INJURED
. f .
Owner of Property and an
' EinpJoyeAre Badly Burned
: While Eiirhting Flames
Joseph D. Bedding Is Eecip
ient of Handsome Dinner
at the Pacific Union Club
Event Proves an Artistic, Financial and Social Success, Revealing
Phases of Musical Ccmpositioa That Prove a Pleasant Sur
prise to Expectant Listeners and Friends of the; Old Club
MaUlies in Trousers Pocket
of Workman Become Ig
. iiit<'d and Start the Blaze
FIRE DESTROYS
MODESTO RANCH
GIVE WELCOME
TO OLD FRIEND
JINKS OF BOHEMIANS DRAWS
AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL,: KKiUAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
9
AMtlaiilMiilN'l'S. ' v -,-
A BIG NEW SHOW!
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE:"
Kr. smd Xn. Alfred Xtlcy; Xlsln and
CUlton; Paul Xarau; 'VrOIlaaaa sad
Tucker, and OrpbaruB Motion Fiotnxta.
XMt Times of Max ul OnlU H«tmicTi;
Treloax, Assisted by Sdm» Ttaupmt.
and tli* XnslcsU Oooimanm.
Regular Matinee* Wednesday. Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday. ' -
Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c
NEXT" "WEEK, \ ,
. MATIN EJS EVERY DAY.
GR.AND house
Mr. James NEILL
1 UNDER]
' Matine* I I Matise* .; »
To-morro^r. \ g£% I To-morr»w. .
[Flags]
: FIRST TIME It 15c, 25c, 50c
; TO-MORROW PAREWEU. KXOR3V '
¦«t>%. l^-ynprcnis TAjr tajtV : .
- H. W. BISHOP, Lemaa and Maaagww
XO-XOBBOW aOOKT . ¦
SEPT. 3 »^g^x SEPT. 3
MaUn«es Monday. Thtir*3ay. TrMay aof
•-•.-. ' . • Saturday.
OUTEI K0S08CO1 A
MJUrZSTXO TXBAT2B COlCWXWt !
In a Splredia Sc«nlo Proddettoa vt j
•t Palace tl King
Concert and R/ceptlon To-day Only, BetirMaj
11 and 4 d. "* '^MTtwTtTittt
AN UNSURPASSED PRODUCTION.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Th« b«sU th« funniest and most compuu
musical buxiesqu*. - .
A Company of Mlrta Conqueror*.
DOROTHY MORTON.... RICE A CADT.
GEORGIA CRAKET....,,.. BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK. BEN DUXON.
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL HICKMA.V.
Unrivaled Chorus of Forty. New and Catchy
Song Hits. Twenty Gr*at Specialties. Scenery
and CoStumlng Never Surpassed.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special Matinees on Labor pay, Monday.
Sept. 5: Admission Day, Friday. Sept. 9.
STRICTLY POPULAR PRICES.
Burlesque to follow. "MISS MAZCMA," by
J. C. Crawford. - .- . ¦
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR
And a Splendid Show Sv«y . Afternoon
«ad ETwlar in ta« Tbaftter.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MZKIATmBB EXECTEIC KAH.BOAJ5.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO-
, INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. \
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION-. .10c \ CHILDREN 3»
i Wh«c_PftontfS_A»k«o£jJ T^-£ii^L--
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTORTA
for Infants and ChilcLrea.
Hie Kind -Yon Have Always Bough!
Sears, the :/$¦ '-. Z£$Z+JZT
SJguature of l-&t&<*y% ffe&{6&A6
l^s^a^iDGir^^a^l
IS' MERCHANT TALORS, \
K 622^ Market Street. «
\ Up Stairs. •:-*-;- Opp. Palace HoteL «
X SAN FRANCISCO. |
\ 'Novelties in Imported Wear. \
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA SSSS
OnrOlll I DOUBLE BXUi
\ M h I I A I I To-night. Saturday and
.^ if I , I U I I Sunday Nights.
U I L U I II I— I Matinee Saturday.
ARNOLD DAL.T announce* Bernard Shaw's
CANDIDA.
Followed by Bernard Bhaw's one-act"
Napoleonic . satire,
THE MAN OF DESTINY.
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE AT 2. •
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. SEPT. 5.
MR. KYRLE BELLEW
Supported by original Company, including
E. M Holland. In the celebrated dramatic
study In criminology,
T-% Jf £-Cf ET^i The AMATEUR
MX J-* M M imdd O CRACKSMAN.
SEATS SOW BBAPT.
CALIFORNIA — .
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
•—in— .':'".:¦.:
"Tessofthe
D'Urbervilles"
SUNDAY— ' *SAPHO."
Mats. — Wednesday. Friday. -(Admis-
sion day) and Saturday.
- - - Next ¦ Monday — Beat Sal* for "Mar-
ta qt the Lowlands."
L * . . ...
A T ATI A J7 A ¥^ Belascoft Mayer,
ALCAZAR e^d^^
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK. _ T ,^ , _
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATUBDAT.
Evg.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thura. & St.. 85c to BOc.
WHITE | AHD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
\A/HITTLESEY
In Clyde Fitch's Colonial Drama,
NATHAN I «»»»« 1
Patrloli»B ~| HALE
"Fnjoyed by a large audience." — Chronicle.
' "A splendid production."— Call.
MON SEPT 5— Starting with LABOR DAY
MATINEE— MR. WHITTLESEY In
ROBERT EMMET
The Original Brandon Tynan Version.
¦ ' . . . i
OKifSUJliOIBf
Week 1 Mb toe GREAT CAST
¦ JrtiSJT 25c 50c 75c
EXTRA HOLIDAY MATINEES
Labor and Admission Days, Sept. 5 and 9
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Market St., Near ' Eighth.- Phone South 933.
' TO-NIGHT— LAST~ THREE NIGHTS.
Matinees To-morrow and Sunday.
A TREMENDOUS HIT!
Francis Powers' Famous Chinese Play.
First Born
DiJirEC Evenings ...10c to JhVj
rnivC3 Matlntea 10c. 15c. 23«
STARTING MONDAY (LABOR DAY)
MATINEE.
Theodore Kremer"* Great Comedy Drama.
\ THE ETO. MBH DO. \
¦Many women are denied the'
happiness of children through
derangement of the generative
organs. Mrs. Beyer advises
women to use Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
"Deae Mrs, PnmiAii: — I suffered
with stomach complaint for years. I
got so bad that I could Dot carry my
children but five months, then would
have a miscarriage. Tho last time I
became prcfrnant, my husband pot me
to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. After taking tho
first bottle 1 was relieved of the sick-
ness of ctomach, and began to feel bet-
ter in CTery way. - 1 continued its use
and wes enabled to ccrry my baby to
raaturity. I now.havo a nice baby
girl, and can r/ork better than I ever
could before . I am li!:e a new woman."
— Mrs. Frank Estei:, 23 S. Second St,
Mcridcn, Ccnh. — fZOOO forfeit If original of
above letter proving genuineness cannot 6a produced.
J?BEE MEDICAL ADVICE TO
-"WOMAN.
Don't hesitate to -write to Mrs.
Pinkham. She will understand
your case perfectly, and vriil treat
you with kindness. Her ndvico
is free, and the address is Lynn,
Mass. No -woman ever rejrrctted
having written her, and si) a has
helped thousands.
PoUr* DCIV ' T A!L T0 !
iaUttG see the beautiful!
j COURT Lounging',
/tfifl room, the EMPIRE {'
" IIU PARLOR, the
r.~~-A PALM ROOM, the
(irHflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
I v"*" 1111 LOR, and 'the 'LA;
U X^I^ "'- DIES' WRITING
Hotels^ room.
lA/ r T..HESS,
. notary. Public and Attorn ey-at-Law. '
Tenth Ftcor. Room 1015. Cmud spreckeis bldg.
¦ ¦ ' -'»• ' Telephom ' Main 1>S1.
¦ -Residence. 1802 McAllister st. .
Resldfnce Telephone Page 5641. ' .'. .
MlSCELLANEbuS AMUSE3IEX TS.
Oakland vs. Portland
recreation park.
' •' - Eighth" and "Harrison "sts."
WEDNESDAY. TH UR8D A Y . and i FRIDAY.
'3:30 P. M. c
; , ., ..SATURDAY. 3.P. M. •' '. t
1 . ¦¦ ..bunday.-2:30>p.;m. . ¦:
ladies fjree vthursda-y- and. fbidat.
Advance Sale gf Seats at 0 Stock ten st.
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
Dresser Trunk
: ¦ A" ijiarvel of convenience at
a reasonable price.
•'. Don't fail to call and see
bur splendid line of Trunks,
Bags and Dress Suit Cases.
The most complete and up-to-
date stock in the market.
A. B. Smith Co.,
. 116 Ellis, above Powell.
0^ Q n m «sfc Outfits. Guns. Ammunl.
I ¦ ¦¦ K * fa I tlon - fishiriK and Out. rig
B II Slffi 39 /''""is. 7>r.ts and rur.i to
I ImlQli Jlt-Tix. CATALOG FHEE.
Will III I FHKEVE t BARBER CO.,
v •" ¦¦•"¦¦ T3» Market Bt..
. • .' C21 Kearny tt.. S. T.
\SQ\{Q^J\S AND
LSLADiaa BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THX
•-.•¦;• . west. .
¦¦••Ov»T r4 Poet et.. Ban Franclscc. Cal.
'Eftab «'• yrars. Open entire year, day & night.
• . Write for circulars <freg).
'.'. .' ' J-"*3V v ?oljrt«cbnle BueI-
.. -\~^>^^- 'iJ'i^bs. Qe»s College and
¦^^T^- feMr^ 5^ 3ctool of Enffi-
• : E^ji -* 1 veering-, Oakland,
'«/^2!^iS^^*5 CaL — Largest and
r^.T .¦ I J-'jiClSJ^a tesit Bchool
S^ffil ei Inr'.nt**. shorthand
¦ rv TT^lr*T»^o3l*>^ Chlraro. Terfect
~ ~..- L ~*—^-lz£-^^^~ c 1 1 n» a t «. Expenses
••" • low. Write tor free
¦J^r*tf. c»uiora*.
TME LYCEUM.
An - r . .;.,, j preparatory school for the uni-
»••>. law *rirj medirsl colleces. !• well
•' *" n for It* careful and thorougii work. Come
•»¦<> b# with tis; we prepare yon well; refer-
'•-'1 1>rt «i<3»at Jordan or any' Stanford pro-
,'evcr. .Theian Buildlnr.
ll_____> H. OUAU. Ph.- D., Principal.
: IRVING INSTITUTE.
¦ !*•!£%'!;?* VlL*??** 001 tor Town ladles and
Auw« I 'i2f" « : *"£*™«* *«et. Will reopen
Pr V i-Av.^ AccirdJlPd to the unlvemJUe..
. BE>. EDWARD U.t5lVWeH*J^,US[Ft»^^
¦ It'!* \ 2L'VSa»*'?B§?y Is the mos t practical;
•j afffffijtfffijiffi??: rcco n"nended by ex-
!" 75 *f**f«35 5^«5v p ' rt rourt reporters.
g'isW^ j^fe'^l! I fiy; S^nd for Catalogue.
. 1ZB2 Market St., g.F.
Vcunt Trrralpafs Military Academy
£AN ItAFAEL. CAL. -^
Junior school Brptrat*. Fall term bedne Axtg.
ii_.Ajmn;R CROSBT. UP.. Head Master.
Hitchcock Military Academy
BAN' RAFAEL. CAL.
- « ILL REOPEN' ON AUGUST 16
Apply to the PrlDcbaL*, 1
Friday Surprise No. 9»
Prices To-Day Only.
WE are offering .a double attraction to-day-
goods marked low for second "Anniversary Jubilee
Sale" are reduced further , still for this' Friday Sur-
prise. You will reap the benefit of an immense savin? on
everything you buy to-day.
Black Cheviot. '</
We guarantee this to be oar regular $t.oo quality Black
f^\J£* Cheviot, and cannot be secured in other stores at any-
V xW where near the price we have marked for to-day. - It is 54
inches .wide, and is ail wool of medium weight. It is a
beautiful black, as you will say wh«n you see it. * - • >
Black Petticoats. K: V ;' >w.
/VFl We have a very large number of black sateen PetticoaU
A*^/ 1 * for women, which we have reduced from $1.75 to the low
ftJ\f price of 95c as a bargain special from this department for
>r.* r :' to-day.
Style No. . 1 is made with extra I Style No. 2 comes with -an accor-
deep graduated accordeon pleated I deon pleated flounce, with tour
flounce, with an under ruffle, • | stitched bands and an under ruffle.
Style No. 3 is made with an extra deep accordeon pleated doublo
flounce and stitched bands. It Is made extra full. * ~>; W£^£8&
vttsninere Flaniieis.
¦f A YARD — This season's fleeced baza, flannels (cashmere fin-
f>/^ ish), which nositively will not rough up. and is an extraor-
A/W dinarily good wearer. We have the choicest of patterns for
your inspection. It is a quality of flannel suitable for waists,
house dresses, Jkimonas, etc., arid sells regularly at I2j4c a yard.
Men's Underwear. '
A GARMENT— These are 50c garments reduced espe-
V^^* cially for this Friday Surprise Sale. They consist of our
•WlsJW fancy light-weight underwear — Balbriggan, Cotton Mesh,
Lace Stripes and Ribbed Goods, and includes all of the
most popular makes of underwear shown this season. To-day these
garments can be had at a big reduction.
Lining Specials. *
<f «*1 A YARD— All of our regular 15c Spun Glass Lining that
1 1 sf* comes 36 inches wide, in black only. It wilr be placed on
Js>»\»* sale at a saving. '"-.:•'¦«¦
<f f\ A YARD— This is a 36-inch Mercerized Sateen, that ? Is
§VJ£"* shown in colors and black. It is suitable for drop skirts,
* J W petticoats and jacket linings. It's regular value is 35c.
Enamel Wash Basin.
f%f\ This is our regular 35c White' Enamel Wash Basin; size
¦ J\ I/* 10x10. It is a very pretty, serviceable basin. For Fri-.
BslWV day only. It has been reduced nearly one-half.
t ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^»
Ail the Shopping Inducements that* have made
this store popular are still here. '• SAN RAFAEL, •. Sept. 1.— Jam<* Rlev. •, a
driver for Beffe^bach^s stables at. Mill Valley,
was thrown from . a I wagon I this afternoon j and
severely injured. It U feared his; skull was
fractured. "f — f^Trr^TlfrmTf ill^i illlll TIT HftfliflB
SACRAMENTO. .Sept.- 1. — Superintendent of
Public Instruction Thomas J.: Kirk* to-day an
nounced that. tho sale, or Btaie i textbooks for
the month of August 1 amounted, to.?M00., This
Is . the largest sale, of State - textbook* ever
recorded. . - *
ACCUSED OF KM BEZZLEAIENT— Francis
U Cook, jeweler. 1712 Market street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Cabanlss yester
day for the arrest of Benjamin Martin on a
charge of felony embezzlement. He alleges
that Martin while employed by him as a
salesman en commission embezzled, on Vu-u^r
30 five gold 1 watches, five gold rlnrs ana three
chains of the aggregate value of |15o.
The Supervisors' police Committee
granted a permit yesterday for a pro
fessional boxing bout, for Septem
ber to the San Francisco Athletic
Club. Joe Gang and Jimitiy Gardner
have .been matched to fight.
Grants September Boxing Permit.
Judge Hunt has handed down. a de
cision which Is of Importance to those
interested in litigation connected with
marginal transactions in stocks. The
court held in the case of Mercer vs.
Central Grain and "Stock Exchange
that an attachment would not- He in
this class of cases, as the purchase and
sale of stocks on margin Is neither a
contract, express ¦ or • implied. , Judge
Hebbard has likewise held the same
and discharged attachments ; In similar
cases.
Margins Are Not Contracts.
When a fellow is loose in his morals
it does no good to get him tight.
Collts H (Phlpper).'. d -
Tlme— 2:17. *"***
Fourth race, running, seven furlongs handi
cap—Botany, 102 (Burllngame). 6 to 1 won-
Dr. Birdcall. 93 (Sullivan). 3 to 5. second- John
Anderson. 1C<> <G. Bullman). 10 to 1 third.
Time, 1:29. WUllday B. Thorndale, Theodcra
L and Nick Carter also ran.
Firth race, six furlongs, handicap— Tom Sla
vin. 110 (Sullivan).- 2 to 1. won: Romalne. 115
<Vlckery). a to 5, second; Tuck Back, lea
(Henderron), 7 to J, third. Time. 1:14. Dr
Rowell and. Nullah also ran.
" Sixth race, nve furlonr», handicap — Suede".
KkS (Henderson). 4 to I. wen; Potencla. 03
(Sullivan). 0 to 6.-wond;-Sk!p Me. 1O<> (Bur
llngame). 2 to 1. third. Time. 1:01^- Beren
<!os and Victoria S also ran.
Seventh race, nve and a half furlongs, handi
cap — Baltm, 105 (Vlckery). 6 td 1. won- Mag
gie Mitchell. 105 (Sullivan). 3 to 1. second- El
Morro, 1OI (Burllngame). .1 to 1, third. Time
1 :0!>. J T S. Samar. Enjoyment, Little Guri
and Amlcus also ran.
- Eighth race, five furlongs, handicap— Light
Braid. U5.(Vickery>. 3 to 2. won: Queen Fay
107 (Henderson). 6 to 1. second; Zencnlan 10«
«Hotart>. 2 to 1. third. Time, 1:021',. Trav
eler. Wandering • Boy, Idalum- and- Jeff Davis
also ran.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Sept. 1.—
Eight thousand persons attended the
Grand Circuit meeting to-day at Nar
ragansett Park. The big attraction
was the attempt of Major Delmar to
lower the world'* trotting record of
2 : 02 U without, the aid of a wind
shield. He made a complete failure.
Although he was at the quarter in
30% seconds, the half in 1:01 and also
stepped the third quarter, in 29%. sec
onds, in the home stretch, his speed
failed and for the last fifty yards he
dropped back to a 2:30 gait, making
the mile In 2:03. Summary:
2:14 pace, puree $2000. three In five heats
(six heats raced Wednesday) — Baron Grattan
won ' the second," elxth and - seventh . beats In
2:07*4. 2:I1H; 2:07%. Don Car won the first
and fourth heals in 2:Ct»!4. ' 2:11. Bad Newa
won the third snd fifth beats In 2:0S<4. 2:09%.
Nancy H and Kudora also started.
2:24 trot, purse $1000, three In five — Knox'i
Gelatine King won three straight heats in 2:13,
Great Trotter Is Unable to Carry His
Speed Throughout the Mile at
Providence.
MAJOR DELMAR FAILS
IN ATTACK ON RECORD
2:11>4. 2:13. Brilliant ;Glrl. Ruth C. Drink
well and Flondrau also started.
2:12 pace, purse, $1500, two in three — Hettle
O won two stialg-ht heats, each in 2:05"4. Al
bert, Dan R and Major also .started.
2:20 trot, purse $2000. two In three — John
Taylor won two straight • heats In 2:08*4.
2:09 1 / 4. Snyder McGregor, Direct -View, Nor
rle. Grade Kellar. Authoress; Olive, Patchen
Maid, Motalla.t and The Roman also started.
Against time to beat 2:02Vi, trotting— Major
Delmar lest. Time, 2:03.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 1.—Gover
nor's day at the State fair filled the
great grandstand to-day and crowded
the betting ring with speculators.
Governor Pardee and his staff
at the race track early in the after
noon and were the guests of the di
rectors at luncheon.
Eight races were down for decision,
the harness brigade claiming three of
the events. W. G. Durfee succeeded
in adding another link to his chain of
winnings at the meeting, his entry,
CrescoWilkes, distancing Gray Witch
and Collis H in the pacing division of
the Stanford-Occident stake in the
first heat. Summary:
¦ : First "race, 2:23 class pace, purse ?3C0:
Tom Carneal. b. g. by Dlablo-
Mountajn Maid (Trefry)-.. 2 11 1
Miss Idaho (Springer) 1 2 2 J
Gertie A ( Verllhac) . '. .. . ... .... 3 - 3 3 dr
Harry W( Wright)..... 4 . 4" 4 dr
Time— 2:11 U.2:13?i, 2:^7. 2:19.
Second. race, trotting, road race for members
of the "Sacramento Driving Club: ¦ .
Queen S, br. m. by Sable Wilkes (Sil- ,
vey) r-.::..::.- •• 4 11
Bobby Dobbs < Wheeler) :...... 15 2
Candy^Joe (Trust).. 3 4 4
Llghi Bird (Norton) ..."......... 5 2 3
Billy ' (Ruhstahlcr)... .' .'.... 2 3 dr
• . " . Tinn4h2:=4'4. 2:28%. 2:2:1.
-'Third race. .Stanford-Occident Stake, pace,
for three- year-olds: •• ' .
Cresco-Wiikt-s," b. •..«•.. by Nutwood Wilkes-.
"Alte Cresco'< Durfee). ....¦..........;¦..... 1
Crey » Witch (Cec!l) ds
CKESCO WILKES DISTANCES
FIELD IN OCCIDENT STAKES
• -A meeting of the Democratic Com
mittee on" Contested Elections was held
in Judge Dunne's chamoers last night.
Sidney M Van Wyck presiding. The
matter of the contest In the Forty
thlrddistrict.whereit is alleged twenty
oiRht fraudulent votes were'east at the
primary election, was first taken up.
Attorney Hagan represented the con
testants and Herbert ChoynskI the con
teetees. The chairman said .that while
the contest seemed rather trivial the
committee would hear It out. An ad
journment was taken until this even
ing.
Dispute Over Delegates,
PORTLAND. Sept. I.— Tha results- of th»
races at Irvlngton follow.
First race, five furlongs, wiling — Montoy*
won. Addle D second. Badly Used third, rim*.
Second race, six and a half furlongs Ros*
of Hllo won. Casador second. Evermore third.
Time. 1 :22.
Third race, flve and a half furlongs, aetl Ing-
Rosebud won, Snark second. Judge Narton
third. Time. 1:08.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Titus w«n.
Urbano second. Northwest third. Tims. 1:14V
Fifth race, seven furlongs^ selling— Red Dam
sel wen. Maxtresa second. Tom Hawk third.
Time. 1 :28.
Sixth race, mile and fifty yardsi. wiling—
Moor won. . Glljsando second. Wartimes third.
Time, 1:45*4.
Consumption is four times as fre
quent in families whose annual in
come Is less than J300 as It is in fam
ilies receiving more than $1200.
TACOMA, Sept. 1. — Parke Wilson's
three-bagger and C. Hall's outfield fly
saved Seattle from being whitewashed
by St. Vrain to-day. "Sunny Jim"
was effective, and fast fielding, got
him out of several tight places. With
two out in the fourth, two singles and
a hit 'batsman filled \ the sacks, -but
St. Vrain struck out R. Hall. Score:
Tacoma — 1 Seattle —
- AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H.-P.-A.
Doyle.rf. 4 0 0 1 0 Dhnty.3b SO O 2 0
Shehn.Sb 4 11 1 3 VanH.cf : 4 0 0 3 2
Krdyk.lb 4..-0 2 11 3 Mohler.Sb 2 0 0--3-..1
Eagaii.s. 3 113 3 t Mrphy.lf 4 0 1 O 0
Lynch.cf 2 12 3 OlBIksp.lb ¦ .1 0 3 4:0
Casey.Sb 3 0 14 ClSmltn.rf. .3 0 0 2 1
McLgn.lf 3 12 1 O.R.Hall.s. 4 0 0 2 2
Hogan.c. 2 0 0 3 OWIlson.c 4 1 1 .7 2
St.Vrn.p 3 0 1 0 3 C.Hall.p. 3.0 0 10
Totals. 2S 4 10 27 is! Totals. 30 1* 5 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tocoma ........ 3 O 0 0 .1 0 0 Ox — 4
Base hits...... 4 0 0 0 2 2 11 x— H>
Seattle *. . . . 0 O 0 0 10 0 0 0 — I
Base hits 0102 1200 1 — 5
SUMMARY.
Errors — Van Haltren, . Eagan. Struck out—
By St. Vrain 3, by C. Hall 4. Bases on balls
—By St. Vrain 4. Hit hyjpltcned ball — Lynch.
Wild pitch— C. Hall. Stolen bases — Sheehan,
Nordyke, Eagan. Two-base hits 1 - McLaughlln,
Nordyke, i Lynch. '.Three-base hit — Wilson.
Earned runs — Tacoma 2. Sacrifice hit— Hogan.
Double plays — Mohlcr to R. Hall to Blanken-
Ehlp, Eagan to Casey, Sheenan ' to Casey to
Nordyke. Left on bases- — Tacoma 2,. Seattle 7.
Time- of game — One ,hour and forty minutes.
Umpires — Brown and McCarthy. .
SIWASHES NEARLY BLANKED.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Linda Lee,' Bulwark,
JPp.lsstrec.'
. Second race — Kins Pepper, " Coun
terpoise, Kickshaw.
s Third race — Palmbearer, Aurunias
ter, Cloverland.
- : Fourth race — Molly Brant, Broom
stick, Sigllght.
Fifth race — Paget entry, Oiseau,
Merry lark.
Sixth race — Gold Money, Carbuncle,
Durrra entry.
Condition of the track — Fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
Neither the Hardys, Whit
ney nor Freeman will be in the compe
tition, but every other player of prom
inence in the West will strive for
championship honors. Among those
entered are Reuben T. Hunt, the clever
Alamedan who won the Northwestern
championship this year; Drummond
MacGavin, the State champion; Eu
gene Overton, champion of Southern
California; Percy Murdock, the San
Francisco champion; George Baker,
champion of Alameda County; George
Busch, ex-champion of Montana; W.
Goss, champion of Oregon; R. N.Whit-
The annual struggle for supremacy
In the tennis courts will commence to
day at the Hotel Rafael, San Rafael.
At 10 o'clock this morning the men's
singles tournament will begin and the
largest and in many ways the most in
teresting event of the kind ever held
here will occupy the attention of play
ers and spectators.
ney; ex-champion in dojubles; Trow
brldge Uendrlck, the former lnter
pcholastic champion of Southern Cali
fornia, and Lombard, champion of
Northern California. Aside from these
are many others who are prominent in
tennis circles, but have not annexed
championship titles. ;, * . •'•-
The ladies' tournament, which com
mences at 2 o'clock, will be the most
interesting of the kind ever held here.
Champion May Sutton, \ who won the
national championship ana who is. con
sidered by many to be -the cleverest
woman player in the world, will defend
her title.
In the tournament are SIis3 Florence
and Miss Violet Sutton. Mrs. Bruce
(formerly Miss Ethel Sutton) and. Miss
Gabriel Dobbins. One of these ¦ live
players will undoubtedly earn the right
to play Miss May Sutton for the cham
pionship. The . latter outclasses all
other players on the coast and. will
surely.be successful. - -
Portland Race Results.
MOST NOTED WOMAN TENNIS PLATER IN ALL THE WORLD. WHO WILL
DEFEND HER TITLES TO CHAMPIONSHIPS AT THE BIG TOURNAMENT
WHICH COMMENCES TO-DAY ON THE COURTS OF THE HOTEL RAFAEL.
First race — No Trumper, Petit Due,
Tho Belle. , ,; .
Second race — Cardigan, Laura K,
Linffo.
Third , race — Princess Tulane, ' Alma
Dufour. Shnwann.
Fourth race— Peter Paul, The Cri
sis,' Frontenac.
Fifth race— Captain Ncroth, Lord
Diton. Cutter!
Sixth race — Major Mansir, Excen
trnl. Sarilla:
Seventh race-^-M^arshalsea, The Fo
rum, TamO'Shnnter.;
Condition of the track — Fast.
HARLEM. SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter .Ocean
Fifth race.' six filrlongs, selling — Garvice 07.
Captain Neroth 0T. Envoy 97. Del Carina 97.
I^dy Fashion 00. Janeta !W. Cutter 105. Lord
Dlxon 1C5. Mary Eleanor 104, Girdlestone 110,
Centigram 09. • . - • .
Sixth race^ one and a quartsr miles, selling
— Excentral 89, Chatl!* Miller 00, Salivate 92.
Frank Me 94, -Sarilla 04, Major Manslr 106.
. Seventh race. .six. furlongs, selling — Bob
Franklin 9». Memnon 9M. tsegone 98. Tarn
O'Shanter 98. Lampoon 100. Payne* 110, The
Forum 100. Angelo 103. Marshalsea 1C3. Hud
iton 103, Wine Sao 103, Commander 105. Cleo
105, Lens More 108. Harding 106, The Fog 112.
Fourth 'race, alx furlongs, purse — New Mown
Hay 106. AtllsU ICC, Peter. Paul 106. My Jan?
106. Otiel 100. Bombardier 106, Bill Walters
1<H5. iFlonsta. 112. The Crisis 112. Don't Ask
Me- 112. Gypzene 112, Frontenac 115, Bellarce
115. , ' . .' ' • •> -
First*' race,*, five afld' a half furloa^s, purse —
Padre 101. Sizs Lee 103. Lady Ellison 103.
The Novice 103, Colonel Kuppert lwJ. El Otroa
100. McClelfan 106. One AVay 106. Petit Due
106, The "Belle 107. 'No Trumper 110. Sllver
skln.llo. Regale 08.
Second 'race, short course, steeplechase —
Dcmlnlque You ' 12!>,' Maud Muller 13». Donaml
1S8, Class Leader 14S, <Evander 15O. Schwarz
wald. 150: Lingo 150, Cardigan 150. Montanlc
lC9/-Laura.K HO; '..>...
Third race, one - mile, .purse — Shawana 04.
Alma Dulqur JJi, forper W7, Princess- Tulan*
104, Judge Hlm*s 1C7.
CHICAGO^ Sept. . 1. — The races at
Harlem track: /to-morrow attracted
the following, entry:
HARLEM ENTRIES.
First race — Nellie Bawn, Back
Number. Dusky Secret.
Second race — Billy Handsel, Fay
Sharp, Georse T. •
Third race — Santa Ventura, Hazel
U, Sanctlsslma. » . .
Fourth ra<?e — Mafalrta, .Marquis De
Carabas, Felix Mozzes. ¦, -- ¦•
Fifth race — Lady Mercury, Korea,
Platt.
Sixth raw? — Light ¦ Opera, Bu;Ie
Horn. Misanthrope.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Fifth rare, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens — McDeceiver ICO. Herman Doyla 109, Kit
tye Belle Brooks 106. True Wing 108. Lady
Mercury ton, John Randolph 1C6. Harlequin
1«:, Hershman 10-T. Trlxle Whiter 1C0. Besslo
Me 100. Anadarco 10<\ Korea 100, Platt 103.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mll«3, selling
— Dawson 100. Varro 103. Light Opera 102.
Jack Little 101. Sister Lillian ICOt Litti*
Ccrker 100. Misanthrope 9S. Scalper 97. Bu«le
Horn 9C. Florl »<'.. DoIInda 05." Juba 82 Th»
Hebrew 90. Rvgina D 00.
Fourth race, six furlongs. pur»e—^Martjuis
de Carabast 110, Bomhlno 107. Trogon 107. Sa
die Burch 107. Bird Pond 107. Responsive 107,
Mafalda 107. Twemlow 100. BeJjQouer 105.
Felix Mozxes 105. Lady Vivian 102. Fannejta
1C2. Fontesla 102, Lookaway 102. • "
cret 104. Mae Miller 104. La Amanda 104. Nel
lie Bawn 10a. Back Number 103.
Second race, five and a half furlongsi maid'
ens — Mr. Ritchie 10«. Aten 106. Mabel Slmms
10«. Ellly Handsel 106. Flying Fire 100. Geor3«y
T 103. Elenika Hrt>. Fay Sharp 100. Telephone
Belle 10O. Joe Graham 100. Verandah ICO.
Pharmacy luo. Lady Sellers 100.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Apple
Sweet 1C0 Aline S ICO; Drummond 104, No"
weta 104. " Hazel H 104. Tangible 104. .Maul
Wallace 104. Sanctlsslma 00. Santa Ven
tura 99. Lady Churchill 1C9.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 1. — The entrtea
for the Fair Gounds races to-morrow
follow:
First race six" furlongs, selling:— Bright
Flower 114. Lady Burlington- 100. Detest 10V.
Catherine Knox 100. Maghoni 104. Dusky Se-
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
f?T. LOUI?, Sept. 1.— St. IxjuIs took the
first] ».t,» from Philadelphia this afternooti.
f> lo 2. ¦ McFarland had the better support.
Attendance, 23(.<0. Score:
- •. « : : r. h. e.
Ft. l>ul* 5 8 1
Philadelphia 2 « 3
Ratterte* — aicFarlar.d and McLean; Euthoft*
and Dooln. /Uir^ire, Johnstone.
# «.*HICAGO. Sept. 1. — Lundgren's fine pltch
i'qx. with perfect support. Fhut out the Brook
17ns to-day. Attendance. 900. Score:
t - . . >> -R. H. E.
¦Cfcicapo 3 10 0
Bi ooklyn O 4 4
Batteries — Lundgren and O'Neill; Koukalik
and lirrpra. Umpire. Moran.
PITTEBCRG. Srpt. I.— Pittsburg-BoBton
came postponed: rain. . ¦ .
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
~!'H I LA DELPHI A. S»i>t. 1.— Two doubles and
two Eintrles in the ninth inninr won. to-day's
rsrn* {or St. L<ouis. Vs to that time both
Wad.'lell and Glade were Invincible. Attend
ance.- 4t»50. Score :
R. H. E.
Pt. .Louis.' » 2 9 1
J'riladelphia © « O
"¦ "Battorie* — Glade and Sueden: Waddell and
fctjbreck.
Hectmd same — R. H. E.
Ilofton - .*> 13 O
«neveland .....: 1 3 1
Batteries — Gibson and Farrcll; Donahue and
r»cu)ow.
Ntrw TORIv." Sept. I— The locals fleldfd
I>erfect!y, while the error* made by the vis
itors were responsible for two of the four
rURKCcred by New Tork. Attendance, 4000.
I w-troit 2 • « 2
New Tork ..." 4 7 O
Batteries — Donovap and Beville; Powell and
Kleinow.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1.— Washington de
feated Chicago t3-d*y by the ecore of 1 to 0.
Attendance, 1000. Score:
Washing! on_ .'.I 9 .2
Chicago . . .'. O 0 ' O
.Batteries — Wolfe and Clarke; Smith and Mc-
Firland. ' >, .
B.«on 1 6 2
Batterie»^Rhoadea an* Be-ilow; Tannehill
and Crlrer. •
BOSTON.. .Sept. 1. — The earlier Fame was
practically 'dwrided !n the peoend Inning, when
the visitors btinrh»Kl hits after two men were
but r.nd scored thr»»e run*. The «"cond game
«u < haractertsed by Boston's heavy hitting.
Attendance. 18.400. Socrei:
Firrt game— R. H. E.
Oeveland ¦ 4 10 1
¦ National Lengue.) * ' (American League.)
¦rtr. L. pvt. w. l. P'ct.
New Tork.R4 32 .724 Boston ...70 44 .C17
• -hicago ...63- 4« .W0NewYork.es 43 .613
PittsburB .60 47 .r.M Phils 82 4« .r,74
<^nc!nnati G7 W> ,S73 «"hlca<ro . .<*5 60 .663
Rt. Louia..fi2 BT; ..'.21 Cleveland «2 49 .5o.»
Boston 44 «4 .«<!7 Detroit ...47 «4 .424
Brooklyn .«> 75 .34SVt. !»ul«..4r. SS .4i,O
Phita S3 84 .2S2 "Washing'n 27 S3 .211
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
•STANDING OF TIIK CLUBP
XCTTrYdrk Highlanders Take Advan
tage, of Detroit's Errors and
Nose Out Ahearl.
1M>STON CHAMPIONS DIVIDE
WITH MEN FROM CLEVELAND
Stolen bases — Smith (3). Bernard, Flood.
Chase. Errors — Van Burcn. Gochnauer. Wai
dron, Cravath. Three-base hit — Cravath. Two
base hits— Smith (2). Irwln (2). Sacrifice -hl;s —
Kmlth, Flood (2), Ross (2). Base on errors —
Los Angeles 1, .'•an Francisco 1. Lett on basen
— Los Angeles S, San Francisco 0. ! Base* on
balls — Oft Knell 3. off Baum 4.. Struck out —
By Knell 1. by Baum 1. Double play* — Smith
to Chase, Bernard to Flood to Toman: Miller
to *Van Buien. Time of game 1:55. Umpire —
McDonald.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 1 2 3 8 0 0 •— 0
Base hits 0 2 2 4 3 3 11 •— 1«
San Francisco 2 0 0 0 0 10 0 0— 3
Base hits 3 10101100—7
SUMMARY.,
Los Angeles — I San Francisco
AB.R. H. P.A. ' AB.R. II. P.A.
Hernrd.cf 3 2 2 4 2 V n Bu.lb 4 0 0 13 ¦,()
I'lood, 2b 3 1 11 :i ?ochna,?s 3 1 O 2 0
imith. 3b 4 2 4 « 1 '. 'alfln.cf 4 1 l/a 1
t.'ravth.rf S 1 1 1 h l.'Ildeb.lf :i 1 1 0 1
¦ hasp.lb 5 0 1 «.t 0 l.win. 3b 4 0 2 O II
Voman.ss 4 2- 2 14 Andsn..rf 4 0 121
Ross, If 1 0 1 1 l! Tiller. 2b 4 0 1 3 4
JCagar. c 4 0 2 4 ( I eahy, c 3 0 0 1 t
Baum, p 4 1 2 O 1 Uriel I. p. 4 0 10 5
Totals 33 0 16 27 i:[ Totals 33 3 7 24 19
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 1.'— The play
ing of the San Franciscos to-day was
nothing like the exhibition they put
up yesterday. Knell Was given a se
vere beating and the team-behind him
played loosely at times. The locals
played a great game on bases and the
result was a second victory for the
Angels by the score of 9 to 3. Score:
Knell Has Nothing With Which to
Puzzle Southern Hatsmen.
ANOTHER GAME FOR ANGELS.
The small attendance at the park be
gan to make a getaway ere the game
was half concluded. Every one was
disgusted, with the possible exception
of "Skel" Roach. He thought he was
doing a great stunt, and he was after
the first inning. The Commuters never
scored again and "Skel" had them all
swinging their heads off at his elusive
offerings.
The only good thing in the game was
the fielding of Beck at third. He
scooped up three that were absolutely
the hottest things that ever sped in
the direction of third base. Catcher
Stark made' his first, appearance here
with Oakland.. The Brownies stole all
kinds of bases on him. The score:
4
Oakland — I Portland—
AB.R. II. P.A. AB.R. H. P. A.
I'rncks, s 4 1 1 ;i Spncr, 2b .'{ 10 10
Oanly. rf 4 1 1,0 o Hurly. lb 4 2 1 12 0
Dnlvy, If 4 1 1 1» O .Ndeau, If 5 .". .1 2 O
t'.chlny,2b 4O110 fitelmn, c 5 2 2 3 .".
Krugr. cf 4 O 2 5 0 Castro, rf 5 0 2 21
I trelb. 11>4 0 1 13 1 Drnan. cf 4 0 1 O 0
Devrx, 3b 4 0 111 Beck. .1b. 5 1 1 • 4 «
Ktark. c. 3 0 0 - .1 2 Rymnd, 8 4 0 2 3 3
(Jraham.p 3 o 0 0 3 Roach, p. 4 1 0 0 3
Totals. 34 3 8 27 is| Totals. 80 10 12 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 i 3-4 O 0 0 0 2— 10
Base hits 0 2 3 10 1-11 -3— VI
Oakland 3 0 0 O 0 O 0 0 0-u ;:
Base hits 4 1 1.0 10 00 .1 — 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen baseWIIurle*- (2). Spencer, - Castro.
Errors — Ganley'<2),' Francks (2),- Schlafiey (3),
Stark, Roach. Raymond, Hurley. Steclman.
Three-base hit— Steelman. Two-base hit—Na
deau — Sacrifice hits — Hurley. Drennan. First
base on errors — Oakland 2. .Portland SLJ First
base on called balls — Off Graham 1. Left nn
banes — Oakland 3. Portland C. Struck out — By
Graham. 2; by Roach. 3. Hit by pitcher —
Spencer. Time of game — One hour and forty
five minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
No one, on the Oakland team could
hold the \ ball. . Ganley started the
rough work l>y letting two runs in
with a bad throw and a fumble in the
field. Then Schlafley's turn came and
so did Francos'. The former rolled up
three errors and the latter two. and
each was good for a run.
; If it was a race "to see which team
could pile up the miscues the fastest,
the Commuters .would have slipped to
the, front with the glory alb theirs yes
terday, at Recreation Park, but it was
runs that counted and it was' here the
Commuters were to the bad. After
starting with a lead of three, they
went; to pieces and the Brownies had
all the runs they needed in two In
nings. Score: Oakland 3, Portland 10.
(Pacific Coast League.)
VS.- L. P'ct.. . W. L. P'ct.
Tacoma '..18 14 .5^2 Portland . .16 17 .4S5
Los Angls.18 14 ; 562 San Fran.. 18 IS .471
Seattle ...18 15 . 5 »5 Oakland ..13 21 .382
STANDING OF THE CLUIJS
The discus throw attracted little at
• tentlon until the announreis called the
result of M. J. Sheridan's first throw.
It came within a few inches of equal
ing the world's record, made by him
self, of 127 feet 3'i inches. When Sher
. idan again stepped into the seven-foot
ring the crowd awaited, almost breath
lessly, while the steel discus whirled
through the air. The measurer raced to
the ppot where the 1 -discus had buried
Itself, 130 feet $ inches from the start
ing point. The result of the next thrcrw
•w»s 1"2 feet. The discus used by Sher
idan was weighed and found to be one
eighth of an ounce overweight.
The enthusiasm of the crowd was
renewed a short time later when Myer
• Prinstein of the Greater New York
Athletic Association added 6^ inches
to -the Olympic running broad jump
record established by A. C. Kraenzlein
pf the University of Pennsylvania at
the Paris games in 1900. Kraenzlein.
who was also the -Olympic champion
in th$ 200-meter hurdle, was deposed
by H. W. Hillman of the New York
Athletic Club. Hillman got away in
front and. although headed in the
'early part of the race, regained the
lead and crossed the tape in the record
time of 24 3-5 seconds.
ST, LOUIS. Sept. 1.— In the Olympic
frames to-day one world's record and
three Olympic records were broken.
One of the greatest races of the 1904
Olympiad was the SOO-meter run (W4.89
•yards). Not only did James D. Light
body of the. Chicago Athletic Associa
tion lower the Olympic record by 5 2-5
seconds, but he ran the leps off the
German representative, who collapsed
at the finish.
James D. Lightbody of Chi
cago Easily Outclasses the
Crack Sprinter of Germany
Beck Saves the Reputation
of the Game by Making a
Few Spectacular Catches
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 1. — The
entries for to-morrow's races follow:
First race, six furlongs. Futurity course,
maiden two-year-olds — Lrgatee 115. Light Note
115. Palm Tree U.'i. Cornell 11">. Sir Brlllar 115.
Kunjamack 110, Oliver Cromwell 115, Red Fox
112 Bulwark 112. Quadrille 112. Salt and
Pepper 112, Ismallan 112. Fair Reveller 112,
Linda Lee 11'-'. Aiicasstn 115.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, main
tr<.ck, threj-year-olds and up. selling — Pol
Roger 11«. Atwood 116. Clovls 110. Pat Bulger
110, Blue Peter 10.1. Vagary 103, Foxy Kane
103. Geranium 103 Sovereign 103. Counterpoise
10U. Stolen Moments 100. Kickshaw 100. Cot
tage. Maid 100.- Canajoharle W9, King Pepper
97. Palette ' 03, Yazan S3, Wizard 8.S.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up. handicap — High Chancellor
112. Grey Friar 110. Adriutha 110, Pulsus 107.
Spring 100. Dalesman 105, Palmbearer 104,
Cloverland 10?, Dekaber 101. Marmee 97,
Brigand 97, Aurumarter 09.
Fourth race, one mile, all ages, purse, $1200
added — Hurstbourne 122, Mclly Brant 110,
Broomstick 115, Siglight 00.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, Futurity
course handicap, two-year-olds. $1000 added—
Olseau 119, Tongord«r 119. Merry Lark 113,
Gllptn 112. Zeala 108, Gamara 100,' Blue Bird
104. Jerrv <". 104.
Sixth race.' one and a quarter miles, on the
turf, three-year-olds, the Turf handicap, $.".000
added— Hurft Park 127, Gunfire 122. Gold
Money 00. Carbuncle 97. Mineola 96. (Gunflr*
and Mineola, Duryea entry.)
SIIKKPSIIEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Time. 5:25 2-C. Start g^ood. Won alone.
Winner."* C Pflzer's ch. g. by The Sailor Prince-
Luna. Bonfire, Jim Stick, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 1 — Eagle. f»0 (Crlmmins) 3 1 4 1 '1
4 to 1— The L. Rohcsla. 00 (Davis) S 4 ft 2 l»i
4 to 1— Prince Ching. 9* (Fischer) 4 14 3 2
Time, l:4S2-5. Statt fair. Won driving.
Winner. Petchogue Stable's rh. jr. by Bath
ampton-Trouba. Irascible, Tol San. Home
stead. Requlter. Boxwood. Bollna. Tantalus
Cup. Kilogram, Silver Days, Daisy Green, Top
Right, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— About two miles: four-year
ol.ds and up; the Hemp«tead Cup for hunters;
stcfnlechase:
Betting. "Horse. Weight. JocKey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Libretto. IKS (B?rnhardt) 5 2 30 1
25 to 1— Horizontal. 150 (Helder). 1 3 2
2 tol — Daffodownd'y,153 (Donue) 4 1 6 *•¦
Time. 2:00. Start fair. Won driving. Win
r.er, II. .1. Morris' ch. g. by Octagon- Astoria.
Three starters.
FOURTH . RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds; the Reapers stakes:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Aurumaster 103 <Crims) 3 .1 lh
7 to 10— Orm. Right 107 (Lyne). I 13 2 8
3 to 1— Ed Tieraey. 100 (liurns) 2 2 2 3
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; the Dasli
Rtak^s; two-year-olds:
Hettinjr- Horse. Weight. Jcckey. St. »i Fin.
h to 1— Wild Mint. Klft (Burns-;.. ¦» 4 »i 1 V,
<i to 1— Councilman. 110 <H.Phil) « 5h 2 1
7 to 10— Dreamer, 101 (Hildebd). 2 3 1^3 4
Time, 1:00. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. R. Keere's b. c. vy Kinsston-Mlnt
Cake. Handzarra, Diamond, Pasadena, But
tllr.' finished as named..'
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; all ages;
purse:
Bmlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a '» Fin.
2 to 6— Alan-a-Dale, ll.V(Lyne). 2 2 5 1 l',4
•» to 1— Flying Ship. 117 iHildb.D a 4 18 2 Vis
20 to 1 — Tramctor. 98 «H.C'ochrn) 1 12«^3 1Vi
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. T. C. McDowell's en. h. by Halma-
S«dle McNalry. Ocean Tide, Sp»o finished as
named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAT, Sept. 1.—Al
though Councilman finished second In
the Dash stakes, which was won by
James It.' Keene's Wild Mint after a
hard % fought race through the last
quarter, Madden's colt was declared
the best by those . at the start who
saw him get off half a dozen lengths
behind the others. In the last quar
ter, while Dreamer apparently h*d
all the others beaten up to the last
furlong, Councilman came with a rush
under the whip. He gradually bore
over and nearing the finish, he helped
force. Dreamer into, so tight a place.
Wild Mint ; being on the rail, that
Hildebraml pulled up near the end
and his mount finished only third,
with Wild Mint first, by a n^ck from
Councilman. '•-
• Only, three' starters went to the
post for the Kear>er Stakes, worth
$3025. The result was one of the
greatest surprises of the meeting, to
the delight of thousands who would
not bet on Ormonde's Right on ac
count of the prohibitive odds Auru
master "at 20 to 1 in the ring suc
ceeded !n overhauling the pacemaker,
Ormonde's Right, and winning. Sum
mary:
FJKST RACE— Five furlongst two-year-old
maiden flllles; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
."ttoil — Z?ala. 107 (Lyne).. •_• 2 1411}*
S to 5^-My Buela. 103 tHXalhn) « ti \i, 2 2
2i> to I— RalmenK 105 (H.O'Connr) 5 3 j£ 3 h
Time. 1:01 Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. H. B. Duryea's br. f. by Watercress-
Zealandla. Princess Kris. Delusion. Agnes
Virginia. Novena, Mrs. Bot. I>ucretta, My
r?Ia, Galice. Star Lilly. Queen Rcse, Holy
fcmok?, Monon. Metallic flnittned as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AMERICANS HEAD LIST
BROWNIES CANTER H03rE
SIXTH RACE— On© mile: three-year-olds
and up: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. . K Fin.
H to 1— Second Mate. 105 (Cocolo) 2 2 3 12
« to 1 — Flyer. 1O« (Rice> 5 3 3 - -
4 to 1— St. Simonian. 107 (Young) 9 6 2 •> nk
Time. 1:42. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner G. H. Neal & Co.'s b. h. (») by First
Mate-Vera. Ben Lear 102, First Chip -111.
Lynch 107. Dr. Burns 107. Jena 107. Fenian
02. Billy Moore '107, Axares 102. finished as
named. .,..:.,..•
FOURTH RACE— Six furlong*; three-year
olds and us: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K^/? 3 
2 to 1— Baa d'Or. 112 (Foley) 1 4 1fH
4 to 1— Commodore. 100 (Austin) 4 1 1&2 n
5 to 1— Dishabille. 87 (J. Dale).. 3 2 2 3H,
Time 1:14. Start good. Won cleverly. W In
ner W. Mulkey's ch. g. (4) by Dochart-Go.J»a
Slipper. Otto Stlfel 113. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up: '¦- ¦-' "
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— AgBl» Lewis. S>2 (Rice) « 2 4 1 4
4 to 1— Blissful. 100 (Williams) 3 12 23
3 to 2— N»ven«uch. 10« (Cocolo). .'. . 1-3 7 3 1
Time. l:47'i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Trotter's ch. f.- »3) by Pirate of
Penzance-Clcely. Lyrist 06, Iras 105. finished
as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlonjs; three-year-old
and unward: . • ., _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. f* Jla.
6 to 1— Scotch Dance, 107 (JCnw) B 1 S 1 h
It to 2— Triple Silver. 102 (Dicks) 5 BJ 23
0 to 1— Klowa -Chief. 102 (Roach) Z -2 3 3 1
Time, l:14& Start good. "Woa drjvlns.
Winner W. Cole & Co.'s ch. c. (3) by Guido-
Mazurk'a. Oudon 11(», Amberita 102, Phlora
107, Ophelia Martin 102, Tj-ron 107. Torlo 10..
Gay American 102. King Fox II 102. Twemlow
110, Huegenetta 107. finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One mll»: thr««-7eaT-o:<J
and uj>ward: " ¦ _, _
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fla.
3 to 1— Check Morgan. 82 (LWil) 8 2 3,14
IS to 5— Lemon Girl. 103 (Young) 9 12 2 1
60 to 1— Judge Cantrlll. 101 (MGil) 3 51 3b
Time 1:42. Start fair. Won easily. 'Win
ner S ' B Burnett & Co.'s ch. f. <o> by Gym
nast-Royal Nettle. Amorous 101^ Easier "MS al
ters 02. Oudenarde 107. Extol 105; Vulcaln 1<X>.
Flora Bright 107. Sam Stevens 97. uranium
110, Bird Wood 107 finished- as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 1.— Baa d'Or
proved to-day that he can win at any
distance when he beat the beat sprint
ers at the track. Dishabille, the only
two-year-old starter, was badly
bumped Into the fence or ahe might
have won. Summary: . .
FIRST BACE-^Six rurlonjs;. thr»»-yt»r-o!da
and usward: " * -' m^" .' _,
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jocker. St. .% Fin.
11 to 1— TaHy H. ICO (Foley) 4 3 S In
4 to 1— Kin* Rose. 100 (Conley) 1 2 2 2 ns
9 to 2— J. W. O'Neill. 103 (Rlc«> 3 43 3 3
Tim*. 1:1314. Start good. Won drlvUi*.
Winner. W. H. Fizer & Co.'s ch. «r (6) by
Rancocas-Myrtle. Sylvia Talbot 1C9. St Paris
106. Clausua 112, Debbi* May 103. finished as
earned. -'..." ¦
Special Dispatch to Tit* CaU>
Time. • 1:42 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
W:nnen. \ti M. Walker's ch. c. by Handsome-
Austerity Watermelon 03, . Armorer »*. La
Chap/rpn'93.^1Jssardo U5, R. F. Williams 10.;.
Thank Haven 102,.Potrero Grande 103. Jusquj
Ia .J)^. . Mohican. 103,. Sartor Resartus 100. fin
ished as nomed? • '•- - ¦ • -
SEVENTH RACE— One mile; three-year
olds; selllnc: , ' " • .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 tol— O. Eastsrn. 08 (Harris).. 10 4 1 17
7 to 2 — Long. .James 93 (Nlcol). 2 1121
15 to 1— Lida Leib. 05 (Oregar). ..11 «1 3h
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
selling: .. .-• - •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
17 to 10— Brand New. 08 ?Aubchn) 2 1 2*il 1
5 to 2— Atlantlto. U*To (N'Icol)... 121 3 2"'
21 to- 5 — Docile. 08 (Seamster).. . .1 4 1 3 1
Time, 1:40 ;t-5. Start eood. Won handily.
Winner. • H. Gardner . & Co.\» b. g. by The
Coininoner-Lena Brand. Chockayotte 95.
Apple, 1C7, 'finished as' named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; ?ur»e; '_ : .
Belting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
2 to 1— Belle Klr.ney.lCO (Abchn) .-. 12 14
13 to 3 — Prince Brutus.lOT (Hnry) 2 2 S 2 i-i
'J to 2— Portsmouth. lttT (Mountn) 4 4 3 324
Time. 1 :0O 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner A. C. -Jones & Co.'s b. f. by Belvidere-
Miss Kincey. Broadway Girl 10.1, Intense 100.
Happy Jack 203, Vlroqua 100, finished as
named. - » .
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; •eliing;
thrt-e-year-clds and up:
B»ttln s Hor*e. W-eight. Jookey. St. ?i Fin.
Kilo 1— Robin Hood, "103 (NIcol). 4 111 2!i
13 to 1— Mad Mul!atUC*(Hels«-sn) 3 2 1 2 6
12 to "i — Hagerdon. 114 (Henry).. 0 ."1 3 h
Tim*, 1 :Vl. Start cccd. Won easily. Win
ner. S/ W. Streets b. g. (3) by Kingston-Belle
of Maywood. Peter J 114. Bay Wonder 100.
Crfstfftllen 10».- Rag Tag 112. Harney 112,
Cyprlcnne 88, finished -as named.
jJECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; Ihree
year-olds and u:>:
Dotting Horse. \V»lght. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Comiade. 1C5 (Davis)... 2 1 h 1 2Va
5 to 1— Norel. 100 (Henry). 14324
15 to 1— Agnes Br*nrjan.U)4(Helg) 7 3 *i J 4
Time. 1:1.1.1-8 Start cood. Won easily.
Wlnn'r.' Woodford & Buckmr's ch. c. (S) by
The Commoner- Elizabeth 11. Jehane IOC;.
•Cardinal Wclsey 104. Fly Lady 08. Komombo
101. E'.patea 1(W. Mary McCalterty 104, Olym
pian 113, finished as jiamed.
THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap; three
yrar-olds and up:
Betttn? Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
lfttou — Fossil. 10:: (Sheehan)... 2 2 4 Ink
5 to 2— Port Royal. 1C» (llelges) 3 3 2 2 h
lStofc— Pr. Sllv?rwlngs.lOO <Aub> 112 3 1?
Time. 1 :39. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Parker & Thwalte's b. g. <•»> by Fresno-
Falrystone. The Lady 10-'!, Konsoluca 99, fin
ished as named.
Robin Hood, a Keene cast-off, as
good as 15 to 1. won the fourth race,
a selling affair at six furlongs. He
went to the front early and - was
•never headed, winning by two length*
from Mad Mullah. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furloms; telling; two
year-olds: . . ~ 11
Batting Hcrse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
S to 1— •>?etul Lady.105 (Wilson) 7 1 1 1 h
40 to 1— Dlxelle. 101 (Bonner) 12 2 2 2 2
25 to 1— KMe M, 9S (Preston) 9 7 13 1
Tim*. 1:01 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner.'-!. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Russeti
l'seful. l>undall 104. Bak?r 105. Lady Lasca
IGTi Black Art 1C.N. Raviana 9S. Tyrollan 101.
Handy .Bill ¦ 107. Mias Deuce 104. Pirilla 06,
Adare 1C-, finished as named. ¦ •<¦ -•
CHICAGO. Sept. 1. — Fossil, the
Cajlfornia horse, which .was backed
for a killing a few days and was
barely beaten, made good in the
feature event to-day at Harlem. . He
ran the mile in 1:39 flat and won the
verdict by a neck from Port Royal,
which beat Prince Sllverwings a head
for the Dlace. These three, were In a
bunch at the wire, with Port Royal
fairly eating up his field. Secretary
Nathanson handicapped the field of
five so closely it was hard to pick
a favorite, there being little difference
in odds betw'een Port Royal. The
Lady, Fossil and Prince Sllverwings,
in the order named.
Special Dispatch to Th« CaVL.
Athletes Competing in the
Olympian Games Set New
Marks in Various Events
After Taking the* Lead in
First Inning Commuters
Play Streaked
Maddeivs Councilman Runs
Smashing Race After Get
ting Away Badly.
Fossil Runs a Mile in 1:39
at Harlem, Defeating
Port Royal.
Bas d'Or Beats a Field
of Sprinters at Fair
Grounds Track.
Miss May Sutton, P-ronounced the .World's Greatest. Player,
Will Be the Central Figure at the Championship/Tour
nament—Cleverest Exponents of the Game to Compete
DASH STAKES ARE TAKEN
BY J. R. KEENE'S WILD MINT
THREE RECORDS
GO GLIMMERING
OAKLAND PILES
OP THE ERRORS
EXPERTS OF THE COURTS
COME FROM MANY POINTS
TENNIS EXPERTS AT SAN RAFAEL FOR TOURNAMENT PLAY
THE ;SAN - ¦ FRANCISCO 'CALL, FRIDAY, - SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
10
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load of
GRIFFIN- EXTRA
CATSUP and TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD. PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
Those bringing to, THE CALIi
office, cither Thursday, Friday
or Saturday, a want ad. will re-
ceive a bottle of Griffin Extra
Catfiup and also a can of Grif-
fin Extra Tomato Soup, made by
California Fruit Canners' Asso-
ciation, free.
Sec announcement . on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Stanxiard
pj| of Quality
1 Pffl for Beer
"*• Kbs,3r*\ w hich. when honestly
*• I • txne< * •* b y trns masters
H?OyjQ c ' the * rt - c * n *' reached
""" Sjl/f a ln th * process of brewing
"2 Me| 3 and maturing. And the
* (jflEgiPl H atrc ngtn — heavy, medium
< P^iiiiii: $! or Usht— Is a matter of
= I^^'l'fa • kllIful adjustment.
BLATZ
HpS I KllK
lB%^^fc|j MILWAUKEE
Kti^ \/ Vim SUadifi leWtfiib
f'^^K^^BIatz Malt -Yivina
L^mvAii^gjyAL BUIZ BBEW. it
-M'lAVAUKEE
SAB BIBO ft CO,
Wbolasal* S««I«r s,
212 Battery St.,
Tel. Mala 5839. San TraacUoo.T^^Tlme'Blil^thetow^of the Ferry,
biiffil nJ wa« dropped exactly at noon today-
Time BnU.
Thursday. September 1.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel. 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr FA Kilburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port' Rogers. . ' .
gtmr Kadiak, Peterson. 12 days from >Tu
sbaeak. .
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
IN JURIES • PROVE FATAL.— Mrs. Erania
8war-t>, th« aged widow who was run over
on; Staayan street. > near Golden Gate Park
Sunday afWrnoon. died last night at her resil
dei.ee at ,502 Bush street. Mrs. Swartx and
her sister had been spending the afternoon
in the 'park -and. were on their way home when
they .-were' rundown by a- buggy driven by
two young : men, who did - not even stop to
ascertain the extent of th» injuries to Mre.
Swartz. ¦ She was taken to the Park Emergency
Hospital and . later to her home. , The names
of the young men in the buggy arc not known.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails.
Victoria Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 3
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Orefion.....-- Nome & St. Michael. 'Sept. 8
Bertha. ...... Cooks Intet & Way PtsJSept. lo
Tacoma • Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 1:»
Santa Ana... Beldovla & Way Ports. [Sept. 16
The bark Edward May vailed yesterday for
Makawell and Honolulu with an assorted cargo,
valued at $57,222 and including the following:
>L15 hbl» flour 4379 ctls barley, 144 ctls wheat,
4«T33 lb« middling*. C99 bales har. 84.631 lbs
tran "~ Ctlfl. COTO. 213 CtU oats, 31%0 lbs
Erin's 150 lbs hops. 8 pkg» fresh fruit, 3154 lbs
«ffee- 1642 lb« eugar. 17.811 lbs bread. 47B
iw. .nieea 40 pkgs table preparations. 13 bbls
I5negar25 ca «ln. "8S53 gal. win*-, 12.750 lb«
»aU 65 pkM potatoes. 5 pkgs onions, 301 lbs
ifrH 40 pk*s groceries and provii ions. 54 cs
-«J I rood- €C22 lbs meals, 135 pkgs paste,
-? Skis pap'er. U bdli 3 bars lr*n, 13 bbl«
lHhrteat'ns oil. 3850 gals distillate, 100 c»
«a! oil l?0 sal, gasoline « colls rope. 20
«JnL J^ath^r 033 bx« «oap. 3 pkgs machinery.
S bd a »4 P« Pipe. 8 bales twine. 4 cs bats.
,- m,i« ISre^cUv. 115 pkgs paint, 10 cs boot»
ind .hoes lbs fertilizer. O4 pkgs rall-
material. 95 pKS» wagon material. 24
:.n^e™i nK rt m«chlu«. 300 bdl. .blnglee. 4000
Jt»"jc3d. 41.C*C « lumber. 15 live hogs.
? . Exports for Hawaii.
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ing and developing at lowest prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
A forceful and brilliant impersona
tion of Napoleon was given last night
by Arnold Daly in Shaw's comedy,
"The Man of Destiny," presented as
a double bill with "Candida" at the
Columbia. Miss Donnelly, who has
the part of the beguiling: "Lady" in
the play, is a delightful second to Mr.
Daly. Miss Donnelly develops a wit,
archness and spirit in the character
that are Indeed only hinted at in her
Candida. The little drama runs for
an hour and thirteen minutes and in
them Shaw and Mr. Daly combine to
give a dazzling, vital, intimate little
picture of "The Man of Destiny." The
scene is played almost entirely be
tween the two .. chief characters, and
the interest is white-hot almost
throughout. There was much ap
plause, particularly for Napoleon's
anti-pro English speech. This double
bill will be given up to and including
Sunday night. .
"Man of Destiny" Draws.
Notice to JIariners.
EAST BROTHER ISLAND. CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights and Fog Signals, Pacific
Coast, 1904. page IS. So. 41, and List of
Lighte, Buoy« and Daymarks. Pacific Coast,
I»rt4, page 2C.)
Notice is hereby given that the repairs to
the ' f team fog signal machinery at East
Brother Ieland Light Station. San Francisco
Bay California, have been completed, and
hfcrra.fter the whistle will be sounded as usual
during thick or foggy weather.
By order of the lighthouse board.
The French bark Montebello wag cleared
yesterday for Queenstown, for orders, with
11.200 ctl» of wheat, valued at $16,443, and
54,219 «1« of barley, valued at $59,600. The
bark also carried 24,000 ft lumber aa dunnage,
valued «t $3ti0.
The French bark Franeolu, which was
cleared yesterday for Runcorn, England, had
57.802 ctla barley, valued at $«7.fl20, and 9010
ctls wheat, valued at $13,C50; also 24,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
Two Grain Clearances.
TO SAIL. "¦ ¦¦¦*-}A
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 2.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 20
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
City Panam X. Y. via Ancon.. |12 m Pier 40
Homer Coos B. & Pt. Orfd| 4 pmiPler 13
September 3. I |
Newburg..- Grays Harbor ....! 4 pmjPler 10
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 8 pm'Pler 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPltr 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPltr 2
j ea nie Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier 20
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
September 4.
g Hoea San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 rm Pier II
S Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
September 6.
c Monica.. Gray» Harbor 10 am Pier 2
r'hchalls- • • . Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Eureka. ... 1 Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
fl aua .. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
September 7.
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPIer 9
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 1 10 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports'll am Pier 9
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
A September 8.
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Pomo..---r Pt - Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
roos Bay.-- San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
c lerra Sydney & Way. . . 2 pm Pier Ti
CoD Uc China & Japan..... 1 pm Pier 40
- September 9.
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
September 10.
Aurelia..... Astoria & Portland 8 pm Pier 27
Acapulco.. N. T. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
September 13.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seatt'e & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 3Ierchants".
The French bark Emilie Galllne. which made
pert on Wednesday, was chartered prjor to
arrival for wheat to Europe at 22s €d.
XEWS OP THE OCEAX.
Lindisfarne Aground.
The British ship Lindisfarne In leaving
Hamburg for Honolulu grounded. She was
assisted off apparently uninjured and pro
ceeded.
"I am License Collector Simpson,"
said Simpson. "I will not leave town.
Who are you, anyhow?"
¦**Oh. I've heard that before." said
Ryan, throwing back his coat and
displaying his badge. "Detective Ser
geant No. 18." "Now take my advice
and get out of town."
" "Well," said Simpson, who by this
time was mad clear through, "I must
say you are as big a fool as you look,"
and then Simpson walked away.
The two detectives trailed after
Simpson for half a block, but realized
that thev had made a mistake and re
tired from the scene.
Chief Deputy Tax Collector James
Simpson and Deputy Frank Foley
were walking down" Market street,
near Sansome, yesterday at noon
when they were accosted by Detec
tives Ryan and Taylor. Ryan evi
dently mistook Simpson for some
Eastern confidence man and ordered
him to leave town at once.
Detective Sei^cant Ryan Orders H
cen.se Collector Simpson to
Leave Town.
MISTAKES CITY OFFICIAL
FOR CONFIDENCE MAX
Pilot Boats in Collision.
The pilot beats America and Lady Mine
came Into collision yesterday afternoon off
Meiggs wharf. " but were cleared without
either sustaining »eriou« damage.
The Eritish bark Almora. out 13S days from
New York for Sydney, wa» placed on the
overdue list yesterday at 10 per cent. The
Pionier is quoted at 90 per cent, the Hampton
at 6 per cent and the Mlchelet at 15 per cent.
The Overdue List.
WOODLAND, Sept. 1. — A contract wu
awarded to-day to the McPhe* Company of
San Francisco for the construction of- a Na
tive Sons building on Mala street In thj« city
at a cost of 926.240. The building will b*
three stories and of brick and itoa».
The brig Harriet G arrived yesterday, twen
ty-feven days from the Bering Sea, with 140,
fOQ codfish in her hold. She reports that on
Augu5t 5 the City of Papeete had K50.000 fish
and the Fremont 62.000. The City of Papeete,
Fremont and Uranus were to sail August 9 for
San Francisco.
Cod Fisher Arrives.
On Saturday morning. • September 3. a
grand personally conducted excursion
for Tosemite Valley and tho Big Trees
will leave over the Santa Fe. The rotmd
trip rate for Knights Templar excursion
ists and accompanying friends Is $25 90..
Full particulars at Santa Fa office, 641
Market st \ • '
Personally Conducted Knights Tem
plar Excursion.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. I Due.
...Hi. ¦ ¦¦— I -•— ¦ ' ' ¦¦' — I -
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports.|Sept. 2
Ch as. Nelson. San Pedro ISept. 2
Iaqua San Pedro ISept. 2
San Pedro Humboldt iSept. 2
Argo Eel River Ports (Sept. 2
Corona Humboldt iSept. 2
Coronado Grays Harbor JSfpt. 2
Oregonian Seattle |Sept. 2
Titania Nanaimo ;Sept. 3
Redondo Portland & Astoria |Sept. 3
Eureka Humboldt jSept. 3
Queen Puget 'Sound • Ports 'Sept. 3
R. Dollar ' San Pedro |Sept.. 3
Spokane Seattle Sept. 4
Arctic Humboldt ISept. 4
W. Kruger... Humboldt 'Sept. 4
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor ;Sfpt. 4
Chehalis San Pedro Sent. 5
S.. Monica San Pedro |Sept. 5
Pomona Humboldt ...". >Sept. 5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lSept. 5
Coos Bay San Pedro &. Way Pts.lSept. 5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria jSept. 5
Del Norte Crescent City ISept. 5
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. .ISept. 6
Mariposa Tahiti [Sept. 6
Breakwater. . | Coos Bay Sept. 0
Barracouta. . .: Ne.w York via Ancon. .ISept. 7.
Centennial... | Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 7
Aurella ¦ Portland & Astoria Sept. 7
City Puopla. . I Puget Sound Ports Sept. 8
Santa Roea.. j San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 8
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 8
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. Sept. 8
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports. Sept. 9
Bonita I Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Sept. 10
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . ISept. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria (Sept. 11
Hathor Seattle ISept. 11
Korea China & Japan ; Sept. 12
'' The executive committee of the
¦ G ilden Gate Christian Endeavor Union
.iWel at the Young Men's Christian As
."?:,<: iatforf Hall last evening, president
-J..M. Hatch of the union presiding.
"The'princrpa! matter before the meet
¦;" r? v.aa the high license petitions which
'.-.;<-- being- circulated for Fignatures.
To submit to voters the ordinance im
:,. ;rg: a quarterly city retail liquor II
("j.-nse-of %\'la, which the i>etition calls
:_:._ about 9000 signatures are neces
\->- ; :y. The executive committee of the
! ujiioh r;ex>ort t.hat they have secured
."rjlore than 60CK) names and in a Fhort
cijne 'he required number will be ob
../Th- members circulating the peti
t. :.:- Stated that they had no difficulty
•.• ':) securing signatures, j
' =The.persona having special charge of
•••>'•* ir.stter are J. W. Scott, chairman
. ".f'.t-he "good- citizenship committee of
«*tji? Golden- Gate Endeavor Union, P.
C F. *Storri», chairman of the .Epworth
'•Let^Qe Alumni, and Archbishop Mont
¦•v<~rh°ry\ of the Catholic organizations.
riTTITIOM.VG FOR HIGH
RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSE
The British bark Corunna is reported
aground at Miramar. The news was received
yesterday in a cable from Buenos Ayres. Sh«
Is bound from Antwerp for Seattle. Her
position is not considered dangerous and as
sistance has been *ent to her. The Corunna
is a four-masted steel bark of 22C5 tons reg
ister. She was built in 1S93 at Glasgow and
is wel' known at this port.
Bark Corunna Aground.
55 '2 2 D M "3
S. SfLSSlftf <| I
B S3 H| $Z 2' «
STATION* | 'If 1 8 |§ |" |
* ** **• • • o
c c • • a
: • ? ? : : :
Baker 30.12 74 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
Carson 20.02 82 4fi NW Clear .Out
Eureka GO. 14 56 48 N. Cloudy .CO 1
Fresno 29.84 88 64 NW Clear .00 j
S.E. Farallon. 30.00 55 52 NW Foggy .HO .
Flagstaff 29. S8 74 44 W Clear .00.
Pocatello 30.00 7« 4« SW Clear .<X)
independence .20. St 80 64 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles. .,. 29. 84 84 58 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.01 W) 63 W Clear .00 .
North Head. ..30.18 58 50 NW Cloudy .W '
Phoenix 23.74 1C2 72 SW Clear .00:
Pt Reyes Lt..2». 04 S3 49 NW Foggy .00'
Portland .....30.04 8» 48 SW Clear .00.
Red Bluff 29.86 100 66 SE Clear .«> !
Roseburg ,...30. OS 84 46 N Clear .00'
Sacramento ..29.76 P2 ft8 S Clear .00 I
Salt Lake 29.93 : 76 6t N Clear Tr. )
San FrancIeco.29.9S 66 50 W . Clear .00 1
San L. Obispo.29.02 "8 50 XXC. "Clear . .00 I
San Diego.... 29. 82 76 62 NW Clear .00 |
Seattle 30.12 76 46 NW Clear .00"
Spokane 30.10 80 44 W Clear .00 j
Tatoosh 30.16 58 46 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 06 84 52 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.02 84 45 W Clear .00'
Yuma. 29.74 102 74 W Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL }
FORECAST.
There has been'a return _ to the usual sum
mer conditions over the Pacific slope, and es
pecially in the southwest. No rain has been
reported west of the Rocky Mountains. j
Afternoon temperatures in the Great Valley
of California range from 90 to 100 degrees.
Along the coast the temperatures range from j
55 to «5 degrees. In the vicinity of San Fran
ilsco warm pleasant weather, with little wind. I
may be found, while in the city itself cool j
weather with britk westerly winds in the at- (
ternoon prevail. i
T'le first report from Honolulu, H. I., gives j
the temperature as 78 degrees, clear weather i
hii 1 a southeast wind of six miles per hour I
velocity. .
Forecast > made at_ San Francisco for thirty,
tours ending midnight, September 2: i
Northern California — Fair Friday; continued |
warm weather In the Interior, with light south
winds in the Sacramento Valley and light
north winds in the San Joaquin Valley. Cool
weather nlong the coast, with fog In the after
noon; brisk westerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday; continued
warm; light westerly wind?.
Nevada — Fair Friday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
light southwest winds in the morning; brisk
we«erly winds in the afternocn. with. fog.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy • In the
morning, fair during Friday; light westerly
winds.
For Fresno — Fair Friday; continued warm;
light north winds.
For Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Friday;
Eomewhat cooler at night; light southerly
winds. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Stmr Point Ar?na, Miller. 18 hours from
Mendoclno. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Columbia. Doran.' 5694 hours fm Port
land via Astoria 40 hours 40 mln.
Stmr Westport. Smith. 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 41 hours from
Ean Diego and way ports.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson 41 hours from Coos
Bay.
Etmr Signal, Bendegard. 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Massif. Hogan, 4 hour* from Half
moon Eay.
Stmr Westport, Smith. 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Orfgonian. Carty. 71 hours from Ever
ett, bound to New York; put In to finish
loading. - •
Ship Shenandoah, Chapman. 150 days from
Baltimore. >
Brig Harriet G, Peaerson. 27 days from
Bering Sea. .
Schr Mary Etta, Beck, 20 hours from Fish
Rock.
Schr C A Klose, Mercer. 7 days fm Sluslaw.
Schr Camano, Sax*. 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Bessie K, Stark. 11 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Jennie Griffin, • Gibson, 3 hours from
Thursday. September 1.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka; Pac tjpast
S S Co. -' -. • ¦¦•¦¦¦
Bark Edward May. Hanson Honolulu; Alex
ander &¦ Baldwin (Ltd).
Fr bark Monteb*ilo. Marchandeau, Queens
town: Strauss. & Co. -
Fr bark Francois, Bfllinl. Runcorn; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
' Thursday. September 1.
US stmr. Thomas, Lyman. Manila.
Bttr.r F A Ktlburn." Thompson, Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie. Hogan. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Swamon, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel, Greenwood,
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Seattle.
Stmr. Olympic. Hansen, Gray* Harbor.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr Toledo, - Boyd. Eureka.
Stmr G C Llndauer. All«n. Grays Harbor. '•
Stmr Fomo. Jacobs, Point Arena and Al
bion.
Stmr • Leelanaw, Monroe, . Seattle and Ta
coma. ' . -•¦•¦• ¦ -'
Stmr StaU of California. Nlcolson. San
Diego. ' , ,
Bark Edward May.-? Hanson, Honolulu.
Rktn Skagit. Robinson. Port Gamble.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega. ,
Schr W H Marston. Curtis. Honolulu.
Schr Advent." Olsen.- Coob - Bay.
Schr Bella, Jahnsen. Rlu«law RIv»r,
Schr Bessie, K. Stark, San Vleent*. landing.*
Schr Conflanza.v Johnson. Notleys Landing.
,;• : TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 1; 10 p m— Weather
fogsy; L wind W; velocity. S miles per hour. -
SPOKEN.
July 7— LfttrlS S. : long 34 W/- Br ship Fair - r
port, from ¦Hamburg for Honolulu. " v :•
Aug 7— Lat 10 S. long 35 W, Br ship'SofaJa,
Irom Barry for Esquimau.
Movements of Steamers.
Electric Road to Lick Observatory.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 1. — An enthusias
tic meeting of business men at the
Chamber of Commerce this evening
decided to push the project of an
electric railroad up Mount Hamilton
to the Lick Observatory. All present
were in favor of the road. A large
sum of money was raised at the meet
ing to begin the work of surveys and
looking into rights of way for the
road.
A concert by \the club's military
band of twenty-four pieces opened the
show. The music was heartily en
cored after rendering several selec
tions.
George Schlitter and three of his
pupils went through a swinging club
act with torchlights.which was novel
and brilliant. A one-act sketch en
titled "Si Perkins Looking for a Farm
Boy" kept the audience in laughter
throughout. A double trio of boy
voices sang two selections in a pleas
ing manner. Several other acts
brought praise to the young perform
ers.
The juvenile members of the Co
lumbia Park Boys' Club gave a clever
vaudeville entertainment last night at
Native Sons' Hall, which was attended
by a large audience.
The show was unusually good and
credit is due to Sidney S. Piexotto for
the way he drilled the youngsters in
their various acts. The boys ranged
from 8 to 15 years in age, but they
handled their parts like experienced
artists.
Youngsters of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club Win Praise by Their'
Clever Acts.
The little steamer Kadiak. which has been
in 5»rvice during the salmon season as a
tf nder. running between the canneries, arrived
here yesterday, twelve <iay» from - Nushagak.
Phr rei<orts saiMr.g of the. salmon fleet from
N'ushagak for this port as follows: Star of
France palled August 10; Electra, 17; Euterpe,
I»: Isaac Reed. 15; C. F. Sargent, 19; Sin
trcm. 2'»: steamer President to sail August 23.
Sailed from I'gashik: Himalaya, August 12;
Nicholas Thayer. 14; Coalinga. 15; Lucile, 14,
and McLaurin, IS.
Salmon Fleet Returning.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tltne and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by 'official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 2i
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2.
Sun rtsea 5:4i>
Sun sets 6:39
Moon rises (third quarter) 11:04 p. m.
C |Tlme! '.Time! JTimel ITimej
b | 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. | 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft.
? 1H W| iL W| !H W) |L W|
2 I 4-471 3.6i »:324 2.61 4:10 5.0jll:18! 0.9
3 I 6:07 3.6 11:001 2.SI 5:09 5.1 1 j
|L W |H W L W jH W
4 I 0:22 0.6! 7:22 3.S:12:1O 2.71 6:15! 5.3
5 1:22 O.2i 8:24 4.1| 1:18] 2.7 7:20 5.4
6 I 2:15 0.01 »:14 4.5 2:17| 2.5 8:22 5.5
7 j 3;04;_0.2; 9:57 4.9| 3:12| 2.2 9:221 5.7
XOTE In the above exposition of>lhe tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tidei. as
som'ctfmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth- given, by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NAPA. Sept. 1. — A new disease has
appeared on the bean vines in the. vi
cinity of Napa. Samples of the dis
eased beans were sent to K. E. Smith,
professer of plant pathology at the
University of California, and he re
ported to-day that the disease was a
new one of considerable interest in a
scientific way. He found it to be a
bacterial plant disease which is of un
usual occurrence. Professor Smith
says the only remedy at present is to
burn the affected vines. • '•
Disease Attacks Bean Vines.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 1—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 72-5C New Orleans S6-74
Cincinnati 86-70 Philadelphia 78-64
Jacksonville' 86-68 Washington 78-68
St. Louis. 80-72 New York 74-6S
SAN FRANCISCO 66-50
NEW YORK— Arrived- Sept 1— Stmr Baltic
from Liverpool. :-,.-.--.•
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Lauren
tlan. for Glasgow; stmr Deutschland. for Ham
burg via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La
Bretagne. for Havre-. . . \ "*
Arrived Sept 1— Stm r Multke. from Ham
burg: stmr Carpathla. from Liverpool
LIVERPOOL — Arrived i Sept 1 — Stmr Aura
nia. from New York via < Quecnstown.
Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Cymric, for Boston'
stmrs Kensington and Parisian, for Montreal
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr La Lorraine
from New -York.
VENICE— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Glulla. fm
New York, via Naples and Messina for
Trieste. ,
BREMSfT — Arrived Sept 1 — Stmr - Kotrave
from New, York. ¦"-«- . • ¦ *
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Hav
erford. for Philadelphia; ttmr Majestic for
New York.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Mem
phis, for San Francisco.
FASTNET— Passed Sept 2— Stmr Lucanla
from New York -for Liverpool. .
VICTORIA. B C— Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Queen
for San Francisco; Jap stmr Kanagawa Maru'
for Yokohama: stmr Valencia for Skagway
Arrivcd Sept 1— Stmr City of Topeka, from
Seattle. . .
*. OCEAN STEAMERS
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived July 11— Br stmr
Chins Wo from Hongkong, and sailed July
22 for MoJI.
SCILLY— Paused Aug. 31— Br bark Thistle,
from Portland for Qurenstown.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Aug 19— Ger stmr
Serapls. f«- Hamburg. >
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 30— Br «hlp
Dunrpfrgan. for Portland. Or. 1
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 1— Fr bark Ar
men. from Portland.Or; Br bark Thistle from
Portland, Or.
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 31— Br stmr Cella,
from New York.
TENER1FFE— Sailed Aug 23— Ger 8tmr
Memphis, for San Francisco.
8TA LUCIA— Sailed Aug 27— Br stmr Wlnk
fleld. for Baltimore.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Aug 14— Br ship
Forteviot. from Port Blakeley.
BERING SEA— In port Aug 5— Bktn City of
Papeete, with ISO, COO codfisTi; bktn Fremont,
with 1C5.000 codfish; schr Uranus, with t-2 OOO
codfish; schr Stanley.
To sail on or about Aug 0 — Bktn City of
Papeete, bktn Fremont and schr Uranu*. for
San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 31— Bktn Wrestler,
for Grays Harbor. \
Arrived Sept 1— Hal ship Fortunato Figari,
from Newcastle. Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS,
XUSHAGAK— Sailed Aug 0— Bark Palmyra,
for San Francisco. Aug 15— Bark Isaac Reed,
for San Francisco. Aue 17— Bark Electra for
San Francisco. Aug 19 — 8blp C F Sargent,
for Columbia River; bark Euterpe for San
Francisco; snip Star of France, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Aug 20— Ship Slntram. for San Fran
cisco. To sail Aug 23— Stmr President, for
San Francisco.
UGASHIK— Sailed Aug 12— Bark Himalaya,
for Sac Francisco. Aug 14— Bark Nicholas
Thayer. for San Francisco: ship Lucile for
San Francisco. Aug 15 — Bark Coalinga, for
San Francisco. Aug 18 — Ship McLaurin. for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-^-Arrived Sept 1— Bktn
Gleaner, hence Aug 9.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 1— Schr Oka
nopan, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Rainier,
hence Aup 28.
Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Valencia, for Skagway;
Jap stmr Kanagawa Mam for Yokohama;
ctmr Cottage- City, for Skagway; stmr Spo
kane, for Fan Francisco.
Arrived Sept 1— Stmr City of Topeka. from
Skagway.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Nevadan,
for Honolulu. Sept 1— Br stmr Oanfa. for
Liverpool via Hongkong and Yokohama.
Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Spokane, for Seattle;
stmr Alki, for Seattle . - a
Arrived Sept U— Stinr Alkl from Seattle;
stmr City of Puebla, from San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK — Arrived- Aug 31— Schr C T
HIM. hence Aug 12.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr
Del Norte. hence Aug 30.
TATOOSH— Passed Sept 1— Stm r Nevadan.
from Tacoma for Honolulu; stmr Despatch,
from Everett for San Francisco; stmr Queen,
from' Seattle for San Francisco.
Passed In Sept 1— Schr Spokane, hence Aug
16 for Port Gamble.
Passed in Sept 1— Bktn John C Meyers, from
Nome for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr Aurella.
hence Aug 2S. Sept 1— Stmr Francis H Leg
gett, hence Aug 29 ,.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 1— Schr
Annie M Campbell, hence Aug 12.
Sailed Sept 1— Bktn Georglna. for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Aug 30> with barge Tidal
Wave in tow.
Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Brunswick, hence
Aug 'Jl.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 1— Schr Western
Home, hence Aug 11. •" ¦ ¦
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Brooklyn,
from San Pedro; schr Olga. from Columbia
River; etmr Geo Loom!*, hence Aug 30. •
Sailed Sept 1 — Schr Betilah. for Umpqua
River; stmr Geo Loomiu. for Han -Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 1— Stmrs Arctic and
Eureka, hence Aug 31. •
Sailed Sept 1— Stmrs Corona and San Pedro,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 1— Schr
Chaa E Falk hence Aug 14.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 1, 10 p m —
Stmr Coos Bay for San Pedro
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 1— Stmrs Che
halis and Santa Monica, from Grays Harbor;
schr Mildred, from Bal'.ard; schr Ethel Zane,
from Seattle.
Sailed Sept 1— Bark Hayden Brawn, for Ta
coma.
UNION LANDING— Arrived Sept t— Stmr
National City, hence Aug 31. .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 1— Bktn Klik-
Itat. for San Francisco .
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 1— Ship
Jabaz Howes, for Sydney.
Ausr 14— Lat 14 N, Ions 23 W, Fr bark Villa
du Havre, from Swansea for San Franclso.
Aug 21— Lat 35 N, long 12 W. Br ship Chll
tonford. from Shields for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
I e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
"The famous Boxer Announces This
.¦¦ ¦ ' Will Be His Last Fight, No Mat
' - . Her. What the Outcome.
;' Joe Cans of Baltimore, the world's
.Vzhuveight champion boxer, arrived
¦?.-'re last r.ipht from the East. He is
'ft itched to fight Jimmy Gardner of
-.::. Lowell family of fighters on the
. ..-t day of* this month, before the San
JTrancisco Athletic Club. Gans, who
"/ays he weighs about 129 pounds out
• f training, looks unusually light. He
Say* he offered to meet Gardner at 135
. ::< ringside, but the latter held out
• '. 136 pounds at 6 o'clock.
-• Aspirant? for the lightweight cha'm
\ l r:p title will be glad to hear that
. to be Cans' last fight. "Win.
• e$ r draw," he says, "I will retire
'.: 1 the prizering while I am in what
:icr my prime. I do not want
. • ke the mistake of staying until
: ;. - ' l«jst my skill and stamina."
t will train at Shannon's Villa.
• : .-'ar. Rafael. He will settle down
•¦ ¦ . ning on Monday. He is a con
•',••-• r.ri. us worker and will be at his
v • for Gardner, who is pronounced a
•. • • . tiphter. Neither man has ever
- f :., the- ether in action.
\'\ v.ith Gang is Kid Sullivan, whom
"Zlck Abrams will back against Her
¦£c-ra. Nelson or any one else at 128
'-xxmnd*.. ¦¦ '
CHAMPION JOE GANS COMES
TO' FIGHT JIM3IY GARDNER
BRITISH BARK CORUNXA. BOUND FROM ANTWERP FOR SEATTLE. WHICH IS REPORTKD ASHORE AT MIRAMAR. HER TO- ]
SITION IS NOT CONSIDERED DANGEROUS AND ASSISTANCE HAS BEEN SENT FROM BUENOS AYRES. SHE IS A
I LARGE STEEL VESSEL AND IS WELL KNOWN HERE. j
Dr. Keast dwelt principally on the
suppression of the vice and why it was
not done. He held that the matter was
wholly in the hands of the Police De
partment. Part of the failure to sup
press this and all lawlessness lay at
the doors of the police courts. The po
lice officers themselves complain that
often they cannot get convictions even
where the guilt of the accused is ap
parent.
Dr. Keast holds that the saloon is not
directly responsible for the existence
and circulation of obscene literature,
but the evil springs from social im
morality and impurity. Obscenity is a
feeder of these conditions. It corrupts
the mind and when that is corrupt the
stronghold on character is destroy-ed.
The Mission Federation of Churches
m£t last evening in the Epworth Meth
odist Church at the corner of Twenty
sixth and Church streets. Reverend
F. A. Keast. the pastor, read a paper
on the subject of "Obscene Literature,"
which was the topic of an address de
livered in this church recently.
Dr. Kcast at Epworth Methodist Last
Evening Affaln Attacks Im
moral Publications.
PAPER BEAD AGAINST
OBSCENE LITERATURE
Preston was employed in the con
struction department of the United
Railroads and resided with his wife at
206 Fillmore street. He left home sud
denly on August 11 and later wrote his
wife, statins that he was about to end
his life. Preston had been mentally un
balanced for some time and has often
threatened to do away with himself.
He was a native of England and 40
years old. He had ; been a resident of
this city for more than twenty years.
V\KKRSFIELD, Sept. l—Forty
.-¦¦-;-.-e nf the independent oil companies
. ;, -rating in the various oil fields of
rjje San Joaquin Valley were repre-
at a meeting held here to-night
6 r the purpose of forming a combina
tion tar their mutual protection and to
:" rrr^u'ato a plan for marketing their
. oil at a.prjce that will pay a margin
; :he cost of its production.
• Colonel Tim Spellacy, one of the
'¦ fc aviest independent producers, was
ciainr.an of the meeting and W. D.
y-ur.s secretary. They will act as the
'. xJfflcers of the temporary organization.
Cfclond Spollacy. W. S. Morton and C.
vwlcs were appointed a committee
eject a committee of five from
• .: Qjg Ihe independent operators to de
__¦ ¦•>¦ .'ays and means for a permanent
_ ~.:r.:zatjon. Another meeting will be
' ',1 at as early a date as possible to
';¦;.. ran the report of this committee.
¦ Everything to gain and nothing to
..lose by organization" was the keynote
~ jf the sentiment expressed by every
-re rresent-
Actipn on the matter of transporta
tion of their product will be taken as
|oon«a a permanent organization is ef
¦ .^ / '-~te'd. • -
It was voted to hold the next Grand
Council at Del Mar, the date to be set
by the board of directors.
Rev. Father D. O. Crowley . of San
Francisco addressed the council at the
suggestion of Archbishop Montgomery
to state the necessity of the appoint
ment of a probation officer at the Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society headquarters
in San Francisco and Miss Mary Gar
ety was appointed to act. * ...',;
Greetings wece received from the
Young Ladies' Institute, the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, Right Rev. Bishop
Thomas Conaty of Los Angeles, Father
McDonald of St. Charles Church of
San Francisco, and Father Hannlgan
of St. Mary's Cathedral, San Fran
cisco.
The grand officers were installed this
evening by Past Grand President Mrs.
Margaret Dcane of San Francisco.
The members of Santa Cruz branch
were present as guests. After the in
stallation^came an informal programme
and refreshments. % ¦
President, Miss Mary Carr, Oakland:
senior vice president, Mrs. J. J. Noo
nan, Stockton; junior vice president,
Mrs. J. B. Connelly, Petaluma; secre
tary and treasurer. Miss Ma-ry Conlin,
San Francisco: grand directors. Mrs.
G. Bayreuthe, San Francisco; Mrs. T.
P. Hogan, Oakland; Mrs. J. Garcia,
East Oakland; Mrs. E. C. Finney.
Berkeley; Mrs. S. Coleman, Temescal;
Mrs. E. O'Xeil, San Francisco; Mrs. O.
S. Carvel, San Francisco; Mrs. J.
Lakin, San Rafael ;. Miss K. Gaines.
San Francisco; Dr. E. Lynch. San
Francisco, and Mrs. J. S. Fennel, San
Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 1.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society to-day elected the following
officers:
Sp-cial Dispatch to The Call.
Prominent Clergymen Send
Messages of Congratula
tion to the Delegates
SALINAS, Sept. 1.— The body of
Henry Preston, a civil engineer of San
Francisco, was recovered from the bay
this morning off Cypress Point, near
Pacific Grove. Preston arrived at Pa
cific* Grove on August 11, and that
night wrote to his wife informing her
that he intended to commit suicide. He
was not seen after having posted the
letter and It is believed that he soon
afterward drowned himself.
Special Dispaf.-h to The Call.
Friends Say That He Was
Mentally Unbalanced and
~ Often Spoke" of Suicide
Committee Is Appointed to
Formulate Plan for Per
fecting an Organization
Her cabin passengers included the follow
ing: Major F. O. Johnson. . Captains B. B.
Hyer and J. J. Teffey. Lieutenants R. E.
Brooks. S. Smith and \V. R. Eastman. Drs.
J. M. Parneli and F. M. Wells. Lieutenants
J. de Court. C. L. Woodhouse. H. G. Sharpe
and Ellis. Mr?. G. W. Mclver, Mrs. J. T. Van
Orsdale, Mrs. P. B. McKay. Mrs. Charles F.
Pond and dauchter. Miss Mae Rodwell. H.
It. Ireland. Mrs. C. M. Saltman. Mrs. Brooks,
Captain M. J. Healey and wife. Judge H. C.
Bate*. Mrs. Z. O. Dean. Miss R. A. Johnson,
Judxe A. F. Odlin. Mr*. F. O. Johnson. Mrs.
C. B. Sweeney. Mrs. H. B. Crosby. Mrs. A.
J. fJreer. Lieutenant Colonel T. C. Prince (If.
S. M. C). General W. M. Graham, wife and
daughter. Mrs-. Le Tourneux, Major H. N.
Benscn and daughter. Lieutenant J. K. Par
sons and wife. Lieutenant C. Vanway. Lieu
tfiiant H. Erickson and wife. Lieutenants F.
C Johnson and II. I. Lawrence.
The army transport Thomas, Captain Lyraan
In command, sailed yesterday for the Philip
pines. In addition to her passengers and a
'.arjre cargo of military supplies she carried
M.OOO.OW of the new Filipino silver coinage.
She left the transport wharf promptly at noon.
She carried 127 cavalry recruits, 175 in
far.try recruits, casuals, hospital corps men,
signal corps men and five jackies for Guam.
The Shenandoah was off Cape Horn
in company with the Homeward Bound,
which arrived here August 19 and made
the run from Antwerp in 127 days.
Head winds retarded the Shenandoah's
progress and considering the weather
Captain Chapman is well satisfied with
the time made by his vessel.
»
rransport Thomas Sails.
Science, however, seems to haw
solved the problem of coal transporta
tion in sailing ships. Before starting
on the passage just ended the Shcn
andoah was equipped with apparatus
by means of which not on!y close
watch can be kept on the cargo's tem
perature, but the air in the holds can
be cooled. In the event of fire chem
ical gases can be forced to the seat
of troubl« and the flames extinguished
without the necessity of removing the
hatches. Eleven time's during the
Shenandoah's trip from Baltimore did
Captain Chapman draw out ihe heat
ed air of the holds and replace it from
the cool breezes that were blowing the
ciipper to her destination. Captain
Chapman is delighted with the new
contrivance and says that he would
not be afraid to sail the Shenandoah
for another 150 days with her present
cargo still in her.
, The American ship Shenandoah.
handsomest of Yankee clippers, ar
rived yesterday. 150 days from Balri-^
more, with 4300 tons of$»al. The Shftii
andoah made a long passage, but
brought her cargo of coal to port cool
and in good condition. Baltimore coal
in the past has been a eangerous carpi
for a wooden ship and more than or*C3
only th? bravery of the Shenar.doah's
oncers and crew has saved her from
the flames generated by spontaneous
combustion.
CARRIES OUT THREAT
GREETINGS RECEIVED
Grand Council of Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society Ends
Its Session at Santa Cruz
SheMhdoah Reaches
This Harbor From
Baltimore.
Body of Missing Engineer
Is Recovered Off Cypress
Point, Near Pacific Grove
iidependent Companies in
the San Joaquin Valley
Hold Preliminary Meeting
«
OIL PRODUCERS
ARE TO UNITE
PRESTON DIES
IN BAY WATERS
NEW OFFICERS
ARE INSTALLED
CARGO OF COAL CARRIER IS KEPT COOL
ON LONG VOYAGE FROM ATLANTIC PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
11
_ _APVEUTlSE3IEyTS.
iv v or oak
Poisoning
-. i=:rr.ediately relieved and quickly enred by
HzTxt'ess, although a most powerful
'. hfzlir.z a>r«rt. ; ' ' SaSSfS
' I. wiil s«id on receipt of xo cents to
* • P*ypostajjei-
'A TRIAL DOTTLE FREE.
• Send for it now. It will immediately
relieve and promptly cure Ifised Bites,
plru, Prickly lieet, Scnbura, etc.
Sold by Ieadtnt druggists.
Ncne genuine without my sifrnatsre.
6JO Prtnc* Street. Now York.
fc»»« 1* B»klet «a " Hw» to trt»t <ii»«»in.**
WBtx.ir-.nc hundred* ef testimonials of woBiS«r-
t*l cum*.
PQTTOUITO FO R BARBERS. BA-
• U A U O Xi H O k<lra . bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
.vrewerg, bjokbintfer?. »-s.ndy» makers, canners,
f.rur ii.!11f, foundries, laundries, paper-
• "¦-. t)Ur.lTT, palntfri^ysboe factcriea,
lemrn. lur-rocier*. tanr.CT^ tailors, etc -
_, • • EUCHAHAU ESOS..
~ r ' -'th aiaxafactnxen. 60S Sacramento St.
DIRECTOSY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rarsH aitd salt jitats.
• '5. iU\f< n f0' Shlprn)? Butchers, 105
L-rn»r OTXS.
«-'/ c ATlKc OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS."
* !JZ Fr WMt^ F. Y, Phone Main; 171V..
m. Pg.TTTTTWG
"tUULO, 611 Canscms au fiu-F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leava Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 1]/,
San Francisco :
For Kstchikan. Wranjel.
Juneaa. Hainea, Bkartray,
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m., Sept.
2. T. 12. IT. 23. 27. October X
Chang« to this eempaaya
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vanoocrrer,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Be!*-
lingham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
October 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
{ * For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Porraca. 1 :33
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. October 1; Corona,
! 1:30 p. m.. Sept. 4. 10. 15. 22. 28. October 4.
¦ For Lcs Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aaut
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—*
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. VSBHH|«
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro aad Eat*
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cma. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis ObisDO), Ventura and Hoenexne.
Bonita. 9 a, m.. Sept. 4. 12. 20. 28, October «.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Sept. 8, 19. 24. October 2.
For Essenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa*. Bants. Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Rlxht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dataa.
TICKET O77X0S8 — 4 New Montfoia-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. PreUrnt OfflM, 10 Market at.
C D DUNAXK. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 8utter st. win
call for and check bargag» from hotels and
residences. Telephone ETrhante 812.
V vyqiii v<>t<y> vv oina um wunnw
e a SIERRA, for Hanohilu, Samoa. Anelt-
S Und «d Sydney. Thursday Sept .8. 2 p. m.
c « ikf ARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a. m.
II *XAMBDA7Vor Honolulu. Sept. 17, U a-B,
I D SPEECSH.S k BSOS. CO., l2tl,M!t OSCfi 643 M2T-
iii rrelgii Qfflce 329 Maiist St. Pig 7, Pacfls si
COMFAGSIE eCTXSALl TJUXSiTtULSTWll.
DIRECT LTXB TO HAVM-PARia.
««Uing every Thursday Instead oC 4Ka£fl|
sSiu?lay. It 10 a. m.. from Pl.r 43. 5WB»
North Rl»er. foot of Morton tt. M _
Flrit class to Havre. $70 and upward. ie«m«
ii..t« Havre $45 and upward. OEJOBRAI*
AMNCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA W Broadway (Hudson buildto*). N«r
York.' 3 F ' FUOAZI & CO.. PaeHto Coast
leects 5* Montgomery avenue. San Franeiseo.
TMf°to «o»d by ail RatIroadjncket_Ag«nts.
To U. 8. »*ry Tard and TaHsJ*.
Stmrs. General Frt»bl«. MonUceUo»ad Arrow.
ftsZTm.. 1S-.30. 3:15. «. «:30 p. m. («^««?-):
luudays S»:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavt VaU«*»
7 Ti. m.. 12:30^ 3:15, • p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sua-
a.Z. i a. m 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Hit-
.ion stfwt; phon* Main 15CS. HATCH BROai
Io IT. B. H»TT Taxd an* TaU«J<».
J" Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves 8. F., foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg.— Week day*,
i »-SO A. M. 3 and »8 P. M.: Sundays. 9:39
'AM 8 P. M. Leaves ValSeJo — Wee'* dajrs.
6:30 A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Suadays. 4
| p it. Fare, 25c each way. Excnrsloa rate*
Sundays to Vallejo. Glea Cove »ad Martines,
'aOc round trip. PIPER. ADEN, OOODAXi.
CO. Phons Main Oil. »Sa.turlay axeestaskTHE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, : FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
12
EBUCATIOyAL. •
A BIGGER school than ever. On Juna 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73s Mission
tt., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West:
come and h<-»e. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— The LVCEL'M. an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges: rets. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments fcr students, than all other Western
Echools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R.'AYRES. founder of Ayres Business' CcJ-
lese, ha? returned; bookkjeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholar-
ship $50. 723 Market st.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
fcet, surant?es positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S rao
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; cst. 1864f Van
der Naillen School, II:; Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and journalism
rn*et en Men.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.: terms; very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Ba*. Col., «02 Van Ness
»ve.: position?* fpcureil. R. II. Webster. Pre».
ADULT and juvenile classes new. open. Ilin-
man's School of.DzncJns. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'gAcademy
1 of lansuages.lOl-S Po3t; est.lS71;ablest profs.
PIANO InsJructicn riven; 5'0 for ten leswona;
an .experienced ' teacher. Box 415. -Call.
i SHORTHAND taught thorly by malt and per-
sonally. Mi?s M. O. Barrett. :«i2 Montemy.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAItTINGTON'S, 424 Ping ?t.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 315 Haight;
individual Instruc^; .all branch**; day. «v«.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt., com-
plete coarse.. $« mo. $30; eve. $1 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA . Business- College, 025 Golden
• Gate ave.. S. F.: 75- pace catalog on request.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents — The Weekly. Call.
' 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODOIKG-HOUSSS FO^ SAj^E— Con. I
•^C0C0^-~^APARa"MENT and lodglns-house, «J
room' modern house; full: lease 2 ',i years;
f rnlture Ur«t-ctat« 'and in bsst -condition;
terms to suit; this is a bargain as the
house cost $10,000 to furnish a Ehoit tlms'
«T?ft^llIou=e of "S rooms: . furniture In Rood
? condition: arranged for Usht housekeeping;
clcarln- $»O to ->100 month clear profit. .
SE\i; BOCK INVESTMENT. CO.
! ' * 1312 Market Ft.- ' „ o
Rooms .418-4111.. , ¦ Tel. Folsorn 31C3.
"7 ROOMS: housekeeping; rent $15 .$1200
" CO rooms: rent $.300 *-000
K rooms;, nicely furnished: with piano.. S...
r,0. rooms: attractively furnished ¦¦¦••¦• ;>0«>
IS rooms; new nn.l elegantly furnished. oOno
i as rooms: rent $85 ••••••*. ,'^
;:0 rooms; rent S105 -...tlSOO
25 rooms: rent $<;0~. ! 1Ol >
MERCHANTS* AGENCY. lOOS^i Market st.
FOR sale— Account old ace, an old established
IodK:ng-hoii3e - in central location;' doe* a
good paying business; has 22 rooms; this Is a
genuine barealn and will bear fullest Invcsti-
¦ratlon, as'owner Is unable '..to. conduct same;
see It; no agents; on premises' HIM Howard.
... '.'.'.' .MITCHELL & CO.
1200 Market' st. .".......... Phone ; Jessie 2081.
Rooming and aiiartment . houses,: hotels ' and
flal3 sold suit purchasers rt ti"**" guaranteed.
;M1TCHELL & l CO.............
A 17-R00M lodging-house f or* sale; cheap. 253
.Stevenson st. t$*gSfH*£*f*S! . •
CI.OTHIITG B-BITOVATI1TO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed;- $l;.ecourlng, and
¦ dyeing. -Bon Marche, 'Examiner bldg., r. 410;'
phone Drumm : 4 1. ;.; Call for and deliver free.
Bad tenants | ejected for $4; : collections made:
- city • or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; te;;. Main U4S0. ,
DKESSMAKEES AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmakftig^feTMllllnery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class;101f> Mkt.
Accordlon.-iiunburst and^knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button &. buttonhole' factory. "llv Tailor.
CARPET BEATIMTGJVND^CIjEANIHO^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for- cleaning:' carpets on lloor
without removal; carpets and iuks are also
cleaned by cumpre?s?d air at shop; prices
• moderate. S. V. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.; 308 Market st. ; phonos Main -13'- and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlseusied with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. .'155-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rison St.; Al cleaninz. 3c. FRED HAOE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mls3ion 225.-
MITCHELL'S, 210 Fourteenth rt.— Flrst-clas3
carps t cleaning 3c yard. Tel- 'Mission -7-1.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet Bc.Mins Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone. Kagt 12B. •
I1OPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
! tresses made over. "1432 Howard ;tel.South 210.
ADVAKCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter stl;
\ tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17(Xi Harrison tt.;tel. Mission 2(k!.
DENTISTS. ; ;1__H;1^
A~NE^V""plate— The Cannct break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, §3.50; fllllngH, 50c;
plates $5; full-set: all -work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlora, 21 Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh!
No charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new;- teeth
.from.$S per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
DR ' KNOX dentist, now located at the Grant
building 101)0 Market st.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry, at- low prices. ' .;
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Eush—
S»>t teeth $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up: nlllngs,2oc.-
COLD 'fillings" 75c; silver.- 35c: crowr.s. $2; no
paln;open Sundaya. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2Ot Sutter
DR. R. I*. WALSH has moved from S17 Geary
.: i(. to' 5S0. Geary.!.
ARTHUR CIIISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r. 14,1st
: . floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market.'cor. O'Farrell.
MA* work guaranteed: by'the New York .den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Msr.. SCO Misslon.cor.Cth;
WIIXiP^siPBECKELS; . . .Proprietor
Addr*rs Ccr.in-.ur.icctlons to
stony <>IcyAUC HT . ; » . . . . ! '• Manager
WJTJSHARTlSf??. Business -Mnnacer
TELEPHONE.
A.ik fcr TUE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
rect Ycu With iJ.e i:cpirt.ia£r.t Yo-j W >*n.
Putli.aticn Offlce Market and Third, S. I-'.
nCitori=.l noon:s 217 to 221 Stevenson it.
tv Uv<erc£ by Carrier*. -*0 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Te- MosUl tv-icle Copies !S CU
Scrma Ly Mail. Incluiins Postage (Ccsh Yiltn
Z3AU.T CALL fir.clud? 'fiusicsj-). 1 ye«r...$P 00
DAILY CALL (lr.cluu. Stir.<l«y>. « rcos.-. ?_'»"
DAILY CALL— By Hl~g:« Month CVS
El'.VDAY CALL. 1 Year • *J{
WITTKLY CALL, 1 Year • lw
y Or r 1GN - fr>ai'y...$S.SO Per Year Extra
i-LL^lu.-v. | £ 4 15 p r Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ geddy! 1 00 Per r«r Extra
ALL PCSTMAPTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE J--UBSCKIPTIONS.
feirrpie Copit* r.-'.U fce fcrwariW *»hen re-
C'Jetted.
Mail subscribers in oKertnc change cf ad-
diess thouJd be particular to r'.ve both NE^v
AND CLD AUDRE63 in order 'to Insure a
prcirjt a.oj correci ccmpliaace with their re-
«uuL
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1CIC Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£i*S Cecter Street Telephoa* North 7T
WASHINGTON COBKESPOXDENT:
EAifUEL W. WALL, Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
n - «.;£crf-A»'or:a Hotel: A. Brer.tano, SI
tcion Square; Murray IllU Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel arid Bcfftsan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
¦'-"" Fhenr.«-i House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hot*.'; Tr?n:oct House; Auditorium
Betel; I'cicctr Hcut*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTV'E:
C. GEORGE Kr.OGNESS. Msrquett* Building.
*.Lcte Dittance Tel ••? hone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETXrHEN E. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BT.'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market a: :i Third streets: open until
12 eclock «»ery r.'.gat in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
tot* Market street, opposita Fifth; cpen until
11 p. ra.
C27 Mcnicc.^ery ttreet, comer Clay: cpen until
9:3'J p. m.
«'0<> Kaye« street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
«.39' McAlhEter ftreet; cpen ur.t'.l 9:30 p. m.
«li Lnrkin street; ojjen until 9:30 p. m.
394: MitEion strt-et; cpen until 10 p. rn.
]<"*; Klever.th street; open until 9 p. ra.
J(*9». Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeatt corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 3 p. m.
- £200 Ft'.irccre *ire«t I'ojien until 9 p. ra.
'¦ ' —
. aSEETUTQ IfOTICES.
• CALIFOIiNIA Coraniandery No. 1. K- -_S^
T.-^Sir Knights are notified to assera- Fj
b!e at the Asylum. Masonic Temple, Cat
THIS .(FRIDAY* MORNING at 8
¦ ¦ o'clock, in full Templar uniform, mounted, to
' act a* escort to the M. E. Grand Master.
'('HARLES M. PLUM, Commander.
' T. L. HENDERSON, Recorder.
: PACIFIC Lci«-e No. T3<\ F-'and A. M.— O
."tat^ mfitin: THIS EVENING, S^lf
. o'clock. /V\
<JEO. PENLINGTON. Secretar>'.
CALIFORNIA Loose No. I. K. of P.. -36*
rretts THIS FRIDAY at B o'clock.
• ' P)onter b'uIldirE. 24 Fourth st. *g>!j%
Page - rank. Visitors coraially in- Jb^!>\,
' ¦ vited to attend
F. O. MOLU C. C
R. N. McLENNAN, K. or R. ar.4 S.
. EAN FRANCISCO Tent No IS y^^^S^.
K. O. 7 : M-— Review TH13 /wCT— —¦<£&
(FRIDAY) EVENING at S £?£} C ¥«8
c'clock. Pioce«r Ha!l, 24 Wx& 'F\w5l
Fourth et. - ¦-.: li«Ly r -MJff'»
D. B. RICHARDS. X$t*~*KS%/
Record Keeper. . \l^alr
REGULAR matins of the Caleaen- v r? >,
ian Cub THIS EVENING at 8 ** X^
' s«^{ Ev0Ulsh Ha!1 ' 117 Larkln
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS.- H. DUNCAN. Secretary. '
A WEEKS cews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
' 16 pag«-t». In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
. AOEgTS WAHTTEP.
ARE ycu going to the World's Fair at St.
Lcuie? If you wmt to make your room
rent free while ;ou are there and alsa see
all the tig fcbows c'n lb* Pike, call on
MARION GRIFFIN"
¦ Office 4<^. Examiner Bid*.
Center Th!rt an3 Marktt Etc.
"mm
PORTRAIT AOFTNTS— BEST PROPOSITION-
. ' MO.VKi EVERY SATURDAY. LIEBER-
MAVN. ROO3I 4. 231 POST ST.
6OLICITCHS TVANTED-.Actlve* experier.'-ed
. --BOlicitcra cf soc(l srpcarance to f«!| instaK-
. tr.fr.-.i- io'.f : te-w-errd, watered, graded- »?a«y
.and qv.lrk wiling property; K ood commis-
• "¦Q"*. 'Apply rocq &. '10 CaliJcrr.'a Ft.
EVEUY Isdy apprfeiatea the new Victoria
' Protector; n.'lis «t tisht fcr 81; agents' e«m-
gSoPS^i Cr>c; c *«alcffu«. WESTERN
¦ '»MJ1L'ATE. 7»J3 Powoil st.
UP-TO-DATn tger.tF. either bex; b^'.Is at s!j:hf
"ViV*v. 1:r * v#>rv > : oig commission. 105i
m wathlnptr.n-gt. Off.?* 7 and fe. Oak!Kn<!.
. WE h*.rm a gnpetSUao that -will enable you
• to raake r.ioney at home or traveling- liberal
. csrr.rr.lgsicn. 3C Q-rar y rocm •--
• LADY fr.Mcitcr: active and good talker; liberal
- •- .rctr.rr.isiion. Room 7. Sl'.t Market ft.
'ACTIVE ¦. -caerp. tic solder of sooi'.rpsar. !
. «nc»; liberal comrr.l»yion. P.m. 7. ?!*> Market. '
__ _ ATTOEHETS-AT-LAW.
•ft.-TT. KING. Attcrney-tt-I^w, Ei^m~bldg~"
f 4 tli f.-jor; ertrance rocm til;- establirbed IS
>tb->: illctftis, grntral rourt s,nd office
• rrartiee; no fee!n advance 01 for coisulta-
tSon; cven'.cga by cpiKintmcr.t. Tel. Red SeOL
AX»VJCE free or. til legct jr.atter»; divcrcea a
Bpeei«lty:.)>r]vat«>. ouick: no pay In advance-
tiuninf corr,;'3fil'« orKanizeO;patcnr» obtained' <
G. tV. HOAVr. 1122 Market *.l.;trt2b. 21* yr»!
• ADViCE free: ilvcrcc costs $12 ; <iuick q-jiet-
'. * c!l law tufiTier*; r.o charge unles* *ucce fc s-
ful;.crtr. evening!?. ?27 Market, room 2M.
COLLECTIONS, attachments. mechanic*!
U*nr. rrobate. tenant* ejected. Attorney 63'»
Mcrkft tt.. room -J3. ¦ - i
DIVORCE— Ccrtr. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; -all law bUFineE*; r.o charge unless t=uc-
c»eg?ul; open evenings. 027 Market, roora U01.
ADVICK free; divorce ccite «12: r.o fees or
cocts In advance: fill law bu5>!nem; offl~e
cpea Saturday <;\-cninjs. S13 Market st^ r.SJ.
J-. S. CLARK, V27 Market, r. C0i; contr.iltatlon
free; no ices In r.dvancc: cpen evenings.
'PATENT3 cbtaiued: information famished for
tale of pgter.te. SOXSTAG Agency. 214 Pins.
O'urrrbiari Lew & Collection Agency, r. 85. 019
Market: tel. John €226: solicits your business.
A*07Oa!OIlXX.ZS.
AUTOMOBILES FOR~SAL&
lfKiTJ OMsaiobile runabout.
2RQ3 four-pacsenecr St. Lculs.
3901. Wintcn- itinabout.
HXJ2- Pierce r=otorctte.
1904 Eve-passenger autocar.
iftQZ . f our-p.a£SM:ier ICncx.
• Writ* fcr particulars and prices. -
K. MOHIUG. 123 City HaU nve.
RUNABOUT automobile for 5i«0; sood rucnlar
, order. 1 Box <CCS. Call erSce.
A CAin^nON automobile. 1304 inoOe! for
*a>. Eor <S07. Call ofSce.
ASTHMA CTTZE.
DI KOLA'S Asthma ncmrfly relieves instant-
ly: 10c. *^c COc IC02 Market. St. I.'IchoU*-
«lso Wlttart. ICth and Washington. Oakland .
_BntDS_JJOGS. ETC.
TOUNG tallclns parrots. *r< each; dors, raon-
key*, biiflr. cspts. eoKCaYx in cndlrei va-
ri.ty. 6te catatoruc. ¦ W. ISartelj, 1510 Jikt.
IiARTZ Mccn'ain cartriet A-Afrlcan fray-par-
rtAt. Just i*txlv~i. A.C. Kf.blson.CTS K»-»rny.
I'OK FALE — GT.uin* water enat-i*l«'at 476
K»tor.:a rt.. cpgmlr». COIAZUAS.
BOOKS
SCKOOL bookr. old and rcw, bousht and sold.
DALY * CVRRAN. 6J7 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES. |
A_fjW : 'i;or.:.'S:R 63:00:1 on Fourth et. : rent
$.-50; Uvjas rooms: lease; a place- c stab I! shea
ycirs and well paying. See li. O. WILKL, t
UV-t Kesrr.y st.
A— SI-SO; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
crcaia ur.d caud/ Liore; rent ->45; daily ie-
as-pts «U,ut $.;:.; business e'e^r* frum flM
to *2<J0 per cioath. Call 11. G. WlLKfc.. -Oia
Kearny et.
~\^Ti:Cf^- half interest in o'.a established
rfymmUiUm iUTe; butter. *sss «nd country
¦•ro^ucc; a Rood business; retiring partner to
leave this city; .a rare chance for good man.
**¦<• R. O. W1I-KK. SUM Kearny ft.
\- fttSCO: CuJ'.NKK saloon on Folsoni St.; rent
1 s •<•• i>!a-e iSoJntf a li-^t-class paying business.
ihv'li. <i. VVIL.KE. 2»;'i Keitmy st.
A.— $17Soi BAKICKY. estab. :nany years; dally
!*c*lp*.fc *.V,i:l.akinK : >: .j barrels -lay ; very oof t
iocat'M. i-articulars R.G.WiMCE.'-'tJ'a Kearny
A— f 12M; COFFEE and t*a etore with route of
customers, horse, waeon. etc.; In best? bust -
nm town across the bay; fuil value in sight:
a well estaWicred ana good paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26>/4 Kearny. «t.
A— $1500. CORXEK saioon; in choicest location
of the Mission; rent $20; place established
many yeans; dcing a cood paying businfcss.
£e« R. G. WILKE, 26*^ Kearny st. 4
$2C00— BARBER fhop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, including 7 rooms: located In the
choicest bublnefs part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny «t.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery-; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; bert location north
cf Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, *:CH
Kearny ft.
A— $IC00; THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant in Santa Rcsa; rent $50: business
eetabiished years and making money. Sea
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUEE: the best In Sonoma
County; house of tt rooms, orchard etc.: 4*6
years 1 ' lease; investigate at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— $l?0O; CORNER paloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building: lease; one of the best lo-
cations In this city; rars chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2e>A Kearny tt.
A — $1200; corner saloon on Ellis «t.. rent $40.'
lease: dally receipts $1S: fine location, good
business. Call K. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny.
A— $1200; corner family liquor store; choicest
location in We?tern Add.: value in sight
ard a good paying business; 4Vi years"
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 M Kearny st.
A— $C500; SALOON, or.e of th- best on Market
ft . ; 4U-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly "fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. *.'6>*
Kearny et. '- %
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
r.ishfd rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilios: rent $100; horse,
wagen and A cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER ealocn; only one block of
Market et. : place established years; 4 rooms
upstairs; lease: rent $70; a good business.
6ee R. G. WILKE, 2*S^ Kearny ft.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place establ. years: doing a good-paying busl-
nt-ts; lease- sickness of owner compels htm
to Facrlflce. R. G. WILKE. 2tiH Kearny tt.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; reot $(3O; livin* rooms; stock will In-
voice about S2S0O; a well established and
first-class paying business. See K. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $350: CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value in sUht; a good business.
Fee R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.:
cash trade; rent $S0: 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>*4 Kearny st.
A — J"-1nx>: CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class" paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny st.
A— 1*00; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses: no night or
Funday work. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $35<X>; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California ; place must be eacrlflced on ac-
tcunt of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny st.
THE BAWTER-BLETHEN CO..
• HIS Market et.
Business Eichance. Real Estate and Loans.
$550 — Restaurant; gnod location; seats 80; ;
everything in fine condition.
$1250 — Rooming-house; 25 rorims. all full;
four block* from this office; clears $10O.
$1'"> — < igar stand; fine place for young man.
firjn — Cigar stand :worth double the money.
$MXX> — Meat market : clears $5<"<» per month:
ir.vite close investigation.
(if on — Grocery and delicatessen; on cor-
ner: 3 living rocirs: clears $250 per month.
$2C0 — Pelicatessen: trocvi place for man and
wife; clears $".*> i"er month.
flOOO 1 — Grocery; stock v. ill invoice amount
afU^d.
$275 — Cigar stand; fine location.
$11.000— Furniture and hardware; low rent.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you Tvifh to buy or 9*\\ property of any
description, d»'»!!mg cr rooming hc.ute,
grocery, botcher ?r:op, d^licatejs^n. branch
bakery, r irar saloon or business of
any kind, do r.ot fail to cail upon us; we
may have jurt what you want to buy or a
purchaser ' nr ¦"bat you hav« to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market et..
rooms 41S-41f<4 telephone Folsom 3i«JS.
GROCERY and family liquors, with four
rooms above; modern: will sell property
cither vrith or without ttoro; small cash pay-
ir.er.t dc-.vn, balsnce en o*«y paymrnts; this
place is la a growing part of the city, with
a coed trade and no opposition.
SliAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. .
1^12 Market ft..
Ror.ms 41S-419. Tel. Folsom 3468. '
FOR sale- at a racritiee and agreeable term*,
cr to !f?.se fcr 5 or !0 years; a fine located
home 2n<1 eytabiishsd health resort. "i7 rooms;
several mineral fprincs on It; old age the
< aurc. .For r«rtiMi!ars lnquir« cr call at
:.$ns. HOPPINS SPRING, Bartlctt Springs
Lcko Cminty. Cal.
$ 3' M— SALOON: n«ar city front; lea.«e; rent
$S'*.. See F. r.ERG, :ns Kearny st.
$200— PARTNER in UGhf ""buli"r«ss; K ood
cliance riglit man. See I". liKRG. 31S ICearny.
$7&r-O— L1VKRY ar.d boarding e'ab!e~at a bar-
;;atn. hce I*. BERG, SIS Kearny ft.
ADVF.r.TISKP. would "!ke to mee: a man with
abjut $25,000 10 enlarge vrtntr.i lent estab-
liJh!-d. liighiy prufitabi* busi.-.c;-s: profits
&uarant¥«.i over 15 per cer.t. Box 40S. Call.
Vi'" incorporate an.l float ctock r.oinpai\>9; «\«
haud!« i'lilisted pecarltirs: loani negotiated
JK-KATIO GILBERT i CO.. Kl'icoU square'
DuSalo.
FOH «!e — 0M-estatU»he4> stationery and I
1 i^eriodical busincp*. with a Ions lease; _pn !
j accn-.i'it cf sicknes* of owner. Apply to K
, DAUEUt. S. r.. News Co.. J12 Geary st.
I $3f>0 fcT a eoc.1 grocerj". fine stock; rent $15,
including store, 3 rcx->rr» and garden- furni-
ture for tale. HAWKS & MEHKTENS
Webster Et. and licilrcad ave. Alameda,
A PERSON of executive, ability, v.-ith $;oo,
hand!; ycur own money; o.nc-thlrd interest
in ].a> :r*tz concern: 110 trlfiera M'antsd. Ad-
dress bcx 4CC0. Call office.
FOR rale— A country newspaper In llvelv
tm-.n; paper In 17th vclurr.e; wilt b« «old
cheap on account of 111 health of publisher
I Apply .Call of «ce.
FOli f a:c— Win* and liquor business; estab-
li^hed 'J*t year*; do\vr.tor.-n district Box
3c:r. Ca! 1 "office.
J24CO- GROCERY ar.d bar; choice corner In
Mission; rcasonafcla rent; Ions lease- no
OC*nU: Invcstlgst* this; a barsain. Bor 46S1.
TAJSTNER— r-ctective and ccllectlon: lady or
crr.Urman: em!! capital. McDIARMlD'S
1014 Uioadtvay, Oakland. .4 ". '.
WANTED — Retired captain for suitable narty
to Man bay ar.d river freighting office; free
i-ent: cowl location. Eox 77S. Call.
GROCERY and liquor store in "Western Addi-
tion lor e^le; C ood cl*p.n stock and fine
tr/.Ue. Enx 4S05. Call office.
WANTED- Saloon. 1118 Market tt.. room 2.
] FOR Rale— A restaurant: 20 miles frcm city
I ar.d good paying business. . Box 724, Call.
ALL kinds rabbits, guinea pigs and white mlco
• wanted.; C405 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
FOnYa'e — A stoneware plant, i'or i7articular3
j r.OUTU fcr tale on th!s paper. Address SM
r.trlin Et.. city.
FOR eale — Restaurant. J1SD Oak fit., front of
tarSiouff".
FOR k»>— Pine Bul!»t!n route. Address A
BCIIMOEP^R. lia Pacific ave.. 8a au Cruz!
WANTED— Restaurant. HIS Market 7T-
room ™. - . ' '
NEW clear etand for r«nt at 125 'Third st.
wnwr of Mine a. . '
BUSINESS CHANCES-^Contiiiucd.^^
A— CAMKRON ' & CO. Phone South- 1050.
0 KOdy Ft., cor.- Market and Powell. , E
headquarters for all kinds of bueinesa chances.
s
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance, for
rummer outing; also for winter shooting and
fisliins: completely furnished and equipped
. for housekeeping; culomatic generators for
niakir.s own gas; toilet; closets; everything
etrictly new and modern: accommodate 1-
lier.-ile ever night; perfect little liome; owner
<b!;fi<-d to ro Kast; make offer. CAMERON
i: CO.. 3 Eddy et. " - '. ¦
FOli sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, alsD
, barley mill plant; best coast, city in, Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population; sold as whole
or beparately fine iifopo«.itlon: has the but-
ter business of ine town; extensive Interests
ettewhera only' reason for selling; books open
for Inspection. For parliculara bee . CAM-
ERON <c CO.. :; Eddy st. \
For sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in cal. ; assays $4'J to $70 ton; trade
far rmg-hs. or business. CAMERON.3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property In
Alameda for etock of merchandise in San
Francisco. CAMERON ic CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. v
FOR sale — Wholesale and retal manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, perfumes,
etc.: established 4 years; will bear strictest
Investigation; abovo goods In dally use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
must tacrlflce on account of sickness; price
$500. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Bale— Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of *oods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price aeked; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO. - •
$1200— RESTAURANT and oyster house; one
of the best across the bay; most desirable
class of custom; owner compelled to sell ac-
count of beinj: employe a tn other business;
genuine offer: best in its nns to-day. Apply
110S Webster st.. Oakland.
ATTENTION— If you wish to dispose of your
rebtaurant. saloo!5. grocery ct hotel, call on
us. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY. 1108 Webster, cor. 12th, Oakland.
1125— CIGAR store; Fourth and Perry sts.
Inquire cf owner.
WANTED — Grocery and bar in good growing
location. Box 4604. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a restaurant; state rent,
seating capacity, etc. Address box 3500, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite ""'fth.
Open until 11 d. in.
•LOPGrlWQ-HOUSES IPB 3AEE.
A — CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
1CS rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, • downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $4*jU at bargain; has Elgned to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
tettle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us. . ,
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call fur particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years" lease; fln«
downtown location; *.' entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $^'C0 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city. *.'•,' '::?•¦''
7-room rr.odern fiat, close In. well furnished;
cost $C00; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best .downtown . commercial house
in city: clearing now $300' per month: every-
thing first-class condition; win' trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In Calilomia; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; goou
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leava city; make an.cffer.
12? rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $100 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
fumiRh'd: close in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 room*; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak ar.d mahogany; fine proposition;
gocd lease.
5-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house: fine central lo-
cation; l.arty suddenly called Eaet.
CO- room. new. modern 2 and 3 room .apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wif-h: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished nn-3 god running crder: clear-
Ins now over $200 per month; always full; best
Luy In city; account ("'.ckness; price $1500. -
ISO rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $fXX) per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dintclution of partnership.
31} rooms; newly furnished throughout: 3-
year lea!*?; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; rood carpets; muet sell by September
1; price $100.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rer.t; 10 ye3r«' lease; close in;
clears $100 'per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23'ro3tn9; central: 4-year l*ase: clears $10,1
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartn-.^nt house in city; call
for lull particulars; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $05: good furniture end car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city: make offer.
SI rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
nil !n fine fhape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S0O.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
busines3 for exchanca cr trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy. St.
MARION GRIFFIN. ' ."
¦ICC Hearst bide, over Examiner entrance.
Cor. ¦ Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3(307.
* Koo;nln;-housc3 and hotels for nale. .
Z'i ROOMS; <.-orner house; centrally located;
well furnished; transient house; clearing now
over §-00 per mo. ; properly conducted woulti
ciear $-100 to $5Uu; long' lease; oa account of
arfvere sickness of owner; no reasonable offer
will b* refused. Particulars' M. GRJ.FFIN."
70 KOOMS; commercial hotel and bar; located
lit one of California's finest and most fljur-
ifhin;,' interior cities; thoroughly known .all
over the State; cleats from $now to $4U0 every
month: almost a gift at J>5«00.. Particulars
MARION GR1FKIN. ¦lUli Examiner building.
2<j ROOMS; business corner; clcarlnc big
racney; investigate and make offer; It's a
snap which you will rt-cosnlse as Boon as
i you jget particulars from M. GRIFFIN.
lu-ROOM house; well furnished; rent only $40;
close In; this week for.$450. M. GRIFFIN.
GRAND corner house of 21 room's, all bay-win-
dows- every convenience; handsomely f ur-
Ei£hed; private bath bUites; lease; a money-
- maker. MARION GRIFFIN. : . ' "
31 ROOMS. 10 furnished new, 12 rented unfur-
nished; rent only $KU); price only $1500; half
cash if you wish; here'* a splendid .proposi-
tion with very little work attached to it; not
n vacant room in the house; thoroughly re-
spectabl" and flrst-c'ass locality. Exclusively
fcr ta'.e.by MARION GRIFFIN. .. %
*J0 ROOMS; well furnished; centrally located;
$100 month profit: price $1:100. - M. Griffin.
16 P.OOMS; good furniture; quiet and respect-
able location; clears 575 per month; oftered
for «nCK>r.$1000 legs' than" its .value: this is a
home place. - Exclusively with , 1L . GRIFFIN.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished apartment . house
of 85 rooms: rent $150; It) year3' - iease; cost
?J.2,000 bpot caMi.to furnish; every room fur-
nished ; the owner is Kast and xre^are • nu-
thorttfrl to fcgll; for $0000. M. GRIFFIN.
NICELY furnished rooming-house of 17 rooms
.-•with lease: very.. cheap if cold aocn: owner
_J caving city. Inquire lUOLarkln st. . ¦ ':- y
J $125 — FLAT. .'•(room'". "new furniture;: rent $25.:
KOOP &; GOODY. 71'J MarUel^t.-
w rp>rr-A capload or QPirriN extra catsup
_¦ SJMJBJTTTAMSM. __._ ' .
CRI.NDLES mat*r!aliz1n5 reance Friday tveO^
ini; photos daily. 3--*i* KMia ti. .
MRS. WAY CORN, medlua; * l r « ad ,*"* s mu'. S
week 25c: «.tr. Men.. iTri.. S p.m. l-»a -M*^
MRS. J .1 WHITNEY, business medium aail
life reader. l-'CB Market tt.. Gait House.
' C. MAYO STKER3: psychic readings b.7 »»*H I $ti
33«>S 17th St.. San Francisco: tel. Lapp SJQ. -
gLAjnttYOTAKTS. .
FROM AIM SUCCTUMCa THEY COME; *?
WITNESS THE \% OXDEKIXL DEMON-
STRATION . " ' -.-
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE. . .
¦It READINGS. %\. ¦¦¦ ¦"¦
He has met every expectauon. every «av«r-.
Used promise. ; _\ . • .
He la acknow-»d*ed by all who consult him
as a true exponent rt the occult «clenc«; 10*
overfomlng trouble, bad Juck. ill heaJtn. busi-
ness, love, family and flnanctal worries: wpuia
tt not be a relief to know how you will iuc-.
ceed? to fce relieved of the matters tiimt . ar».
troubling you and of the schemes of your en»--
mi«*. that you may meet wtth better «uc«*iT
Then don't hesltat* until too late. . •
Go at ence to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
429 Eddy «t. ; lady attendant. . -
Everything utrictly confidential. ¦ ..'¦
Three separate reception par'ors.
AA — CALL, at once and sav» $4. « '-
My famous 95 readings this week for II. -¦
PALT, DESTINE. ¦
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant aa«»
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. • .:.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guaraale* t9
make no charge If I fall to tell your name. «nd
what you want to know. I tell If husband. wtr« ¦•
cr sweetheart Is true or false, whom and.wh«a
you win marry; in fact, I will tell every hope.
fear rr ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I win improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vlgcr. and luck that Insures success
In bunlnew, mining, speculation: I implant th»
controlling rower in your nature so you caa
fascinate any one you desire, win the- one you
love, brine back your loved one, and cauj«
marriage with on« of choice. 10 a. m. to .8
p. m.; closed Sunday.- 326 O'Farrell st.-. 323. •
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner '¦
bldg. : she reads your Utm correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals th«
present happenings an portrays events, -to-
eccur In t»ie future; if you aro tn trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
nave domestic, love or business troubles, con-
rult this great medium and you win be toll .
how to overcome them; valuable advice la.:
ell affairs of life; 23c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; optn Sundays. Tel. Black 4568.
A— Phenomenal $0 mental reading fdr ti Oa
ELSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant. ;
medium, palmist; educated by adept* la In- :
dla; possesses a marvelous power; a mentaJ--
wonder; you have never consulted one whpf«
methods are so truthful ana npon whooi ad- ¦
vice In all matters you can depend; two--
thlrds of mankind consult some «eer to as-
certain that which Is to happen to them;
others obtain the benefit of th«tr Influeac*
and advice; consult the beat; It costs ni*
more; open Sunday; mall >2. 10OTH Market.. .
OMAR, the prophet, gives advice on all affairs,
asks no questions, heals diseases, gives, in- •
etruetion in all branches of occult science; if ;
In trouble he can help you; hours, tl t»-»
p. m. 218 EdJv St. .' ¦ , .
A— Miss M. TVille. 3^0 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; naires given: special, $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. & pa'.m.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestla
troubles bus. and financial success; names:
L.. 50c; G.. >1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ava.
ISMAR. Egyptian t»eeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours^-10
». n. to J p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes- .
day tvenlng. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. ¦
OMAR the mystic — Advisea and helps you la • .
all affairs; readings daily: all disease- c-jre-l
without drug:; lady attendant; afternoon and
evening. 1'IS Eddy st. .
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist.elalrvoyant. ear<3
r»a<!er; when others fail try m«;good readings.
25c. 721 FrankHn.nr.G-G.av. TeLLarkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. S JEllis st.
A— MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder of the ags;
know the truth. 1207 Market, r. 11. 2d floor.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladies . 23c;.
genta 50c. 5-t5 Minna stu. • - '
PALMISTRY, card reading, 25e and 50c-. Ml»«
U Kahntus. 704'a' Larkln; 10 a. m.-» p. rt.
MME. LINDA, palmist and psychic: -card-
reader: reading. 25c: no sign. 5 12. Jessie t. .
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date*, j
facts: readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MRS. BAL'MANN, th» well-known fortune-
tellor. U now at 317 Ellis st. ' ..*."".'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPXiOTOXZHHT OTriCTES. -
A — JAPAN*ESE and Chinese employment offlcs .
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. Jamet 5C61 V .
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese^
Chinese he'p. 426 Powell St.; tel. Mala 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best -help at
Lveon Seung's. 411*4 O'Farrell: tel. East 429.'
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer*,
general help. "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnes* Em;. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. :te!.Bush 839. •
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 31. IS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMgiiOYagEirr wantct — pejiau.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young
lady expert accountant and collector; all
modern systems; desires to Changs position,
cr extra -work evenings or days; best refer-
ence?. 4166 Seventeenth st.
A GERMAN lady with a girl (10) wishes sit-
uation as cook or housekeeper la family of
several: wages $25: country preferred: Is abl*
to do hotel cooking. Address or call 3019A
California st. ¦--.'•
A GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework and plain cocking. ; Call la ta»
morr.lng. 770 Grove at.
COOK. German: Is first class In Amerlcaa,--
French and German cooking; -by month or
day; references. 743 Eddy st.
A RESPECTABLE, neat, kind young woman
wishes general housework or care for Invalid.
563 Natorr.a et. • • •
A COMPETENT waitress - and parlor maid
would like upstairs work and sewing: beat
reference?. Call at 2913 Bush st.
YOUNG Eirl with experience wouJd Ilk* t»
work In an office; has knowledge of steneg-
raphy ; con furnish references. Box S29. Call.
A— WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work; country. S24 Mason, phone Black 230d.
FIRST-CLASS German cook to assist In house-
work; wages. &m>; references. Box 1007, Call.
DRESSMAKER, tailor suits and coats, even*
Ing gowns, cutter and fitter; all work war-
ranted: engagements by the day. MISS
BARS**. Sherman House. 28 Eighth st. . . -
KKFIXED young lady wishes position as com-
panion to !ady or grown girl; thoroughly
competent to fill position of trust; good
references. Box 7S7. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Young lady having 5 years'
experience would like a position as book-
keeper or assistant; best of references; mod-
erate salary. Bex S37. Call office.
A CAPABLE and trustworthy widow, 37. wlta
much practical experience, desires position
in well appointed home; good housekeeper.
iswer. etc. Cox 795 r Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position as
housekeeper or general housework. 254 Xa-
ton?.a st. . , . . ,
COLORED woman takes washing and Ironing
home: neatly done. 114*>i William st..
bet. Pest \ and ,Ueary. .
WANTED— By » fwo ' first-class chambermaids,
positions In "sane hotel; country preferred.
Box 749.' Call .office.
A WOMAN with 10 years' experience will call
at year home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
1 SON. Phon* Kol«om 3274.
FIRST-CLASS" trimmer would like prl-rate cus-
tomers or w!i! assist In millinery store. Ad-
dre?s box 6<-J. Cal! office.
YOUNG German woman wishes position tn
delicatessen store; willing to help in kitchen.
Addrf5-« bcx 1"^J. Call office.
COMPETENT itenocrap*ier and bookkeeper
wishes position: fix years* exncrlenco; best
¦ references. Bcx 300. Call of2ce.
E1J3ERLY American woman wishes light
housework, or to keep house for.aced person;
- good home. t>mal! wascs. Box 7U2. Call,
YOUNG lady wants a situation in the country?
125 Taylor «t.
YOUNG girl wouid like position as bookkeeper 1
and stenographer. Box 706. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants wtrk by day; tl 2t ner
day. ¦£& Sacramento s*.
.-.GRIFFIN EXTRAS .*.
— MANUFACTURED BY-
CALIFORNIA FRUIT CANNERY ASSOC?ATION.
On Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week every
one bringing a Want Ad* for next Sunday Call will receive
TWO PRbMlUMS—one of Tomato Catsup and one
of Soup— free*
I ||| IS Quality and Flavor not to be excelled*
fWliii as t^ le rea^ tomato fl avor * Most cat-
m M I &k\ sups have an excessive quantity of spices
in them and for this reason pall on the
"ff&L f^^^^^ palate, create thirst and are indigestible,
F^ 'J^^^^ku \ s s p* c y> ut m^'^v s °t anc^ * s n ever y
respect all that a first-class condiment
M^^^^fS^M s h° u^ be* *
ijil^^i^p^^^^^iii
Julienne Pbree of Pea, Puree 1|^^^^M
of Bean, Clam Chowder, Beef,
Tomato Okra, Mulligatawny, wt§fiMw^y^Mi
Bouillon, Puree of .Lentil, To- |i^^i|5^¥pif
mato, Mock Turtle, Chicken, ||^^^fflMp|
Chicken Gumbo, Consomme, li liffi^^^^SSiaM |
Ox Tail, Vegetable,. Cream, of .JB^HHRi
Celery, Cream of Asparagus.
EACH TIN MAKES A QUART OF SOUP . . >^^f""g^P / •'
. BY ADDING 1 % PINTS OF WATER. ¦ -^^v.-i :
ITR FF.-Two Premiums to Each Want Ad-FREE
Prcmivms Given Thursday, Friday and Saturday to
NOME BUT BONA FIDE WANT ADS WILL BE RECEIVED.
Premiums distributed at Business Office. Third and Market Streets, and Oakland
Office San Francisco Call, 1016 BroadwayTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
13
DOES -YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay.'
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or- shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going; to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at Ms cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
FOR SALE — Al second-hand express wagon,
with a large rain top; no speculators; a bar-
gain. Apply 1503 Market et.. room 9. Hours
9-12 a. m. and 2-5 p. m.
FOR sale — 35- foot sloop In fine condition: cabin
suitable for duck-shooters' club. RICHARD
HUGHES. Black Point. Marin County. Cal.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly, payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st. Y ¦
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved. from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
TRY- our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 parr;
foot-form shoes at • $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sash, doors, tank
closets, cement trays, firewood, etc.; bldgs.
287-388 Geary. DOLAN CO.. 1607 Market.
LARGE lots In center of Berkeley; fine Invest-
ment; easy terms. W. E. FRENCH. l?il
Pine St.. 8. F.
FOR sale — Modern hand and foot propelled
tricycle chair; nearly new. Box 652. Call.
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted to
sketch. Eugene Riley & Sons. 109 Vallejo it.
LARGE lots In center of Berkeley; fine Invest-
ment; easy term*. W.E.French, 1811 Pine. S.F.
A FINE lorgnette chain, wjth 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered: $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31t> Third ;tel.Maln 413.
NEEUGAARD Cosmetic Co.. 242 Post St., halt
price for Dr. Neergaard's depilatory.
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumbsr.doors.sash.
plumb, material. Tbe Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 307 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $30; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. /'t -.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021 v, Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and ae;ond-
hard. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st. -
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK tc CO.. 122 Mlc..
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEH-
. MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a>| sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLAyiOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc. ; ttend
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
TALKING machines, guitars, etc.; easy pay-
ments: month's, piano rent tree. BRUENN.
225 Sutter st. .-. r ~,
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gent's castoff
clothing, etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacto st.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 922 Folsom st.; tel. Fol. 3522.
T1LTON wants good second-hand -clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
. VLOVnEY TO LOAHT^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY," ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Seg HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount 00
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rat* of Itcrest.
Give full particulars
- of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
490. Call office.
YOU* Will Need Money for the
Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO.,
906 Mutual Savings Bank Building.
Is making liberal advances
On salaries; confidential.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid?.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY tespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at •£
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
M«i Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, . teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. B.Vi Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO tlO.OCO.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25. up; quick,
.. . quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bough'.
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. leans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bldg.. New Montgomery snd Mission st*.
MONEY loaned en salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan ar.d
Trust Cc. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried ceople without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes - and other security. S.
F. Discount Aeency. .143 Phelan juildlng. . ;
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Ilutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK
lOO-'i Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 511. Mutual Sav. Bk. bids.
! ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
I mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% O>~ furniture ¦& pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no :om. V. TREMA1N, room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Inflorter. MO~RRELL. fi09 Examiner building.
MONET WANTED.
WANT $3C0O for 12 months on good collateral
security: will pay liberal Interest and $50M
per month on principal beginning end six
months. .Box 763. Call office.
I LOAN $500 wanted: security $1200; good Inter-
I . est. Address box 722, Call. /
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
1 Rlanc* for *raall rooms, medium size for
average rooms, - bis pianos for large parlors.
ha>ls, etc.; pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
. some at $-. a large number of good cnes at
$2 *• 0 per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money In S. F.): a fine line of elegant largo
- pisnes fcr $4 and $5 per mo.; ever $150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent: one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CUHTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH < UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
- Erard, small upright for practice... $io
- Wcud worth and Allovon. splendid order. . 65
Neumann, mahogany cane, a bargain;.".. 123
Shsrmah. Clay tz. Co., good order 135
• Grovesteen & Fuller. fpHndid order 145
BENJ..CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
'A- George *Steck upright ''grand; elegant ma-
-;hogany case; cheap. Hornung. 21K MoAltl?ter.
SECOND-hand piano. $125. BACIGALUPI. 7s6
Mission *t. -
Al PRIVATE ; party left Fischer upright to b«
/sold; 5133. 237. Geary sU
BELP WANTED— MALE—CoBtlnnsd. J
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC saUTlUU
LIFE; CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND 32. 7TH
- FLOOR. 508 MONTGOMERY ST. ; CALL
_MORNINGS.__ -.¦•--¦
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
• required: .constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured: special Induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed free.
Moler System .College. 035 Clay st_
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 gd st.. Exm. bld.:open tlU 9 p. m.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are rs-
paired by machinery ;sewed soles 10 mln., 78c.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. • 741 A Howard.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy..r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all part* of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulIIs, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: 85c nlghU -reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The C-ll for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market ¦ St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged; half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waittng; 25c
to 5Qc. 503 Mission St.. btt. 1st and 2d sts.
HOKSES ASD WAgONS.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
GOOD, gentle horse for snle. Box 3109. Call
office. . -
A 3-SPRING business wagon for sale cheap.
1680 Mission St.. near Thirteenth. _^
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
negs. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO I.ET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. 3.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms on California st. :
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
CASTRO. »O— 9 sunny rooms: garden; large*
basement; key at 829 Cattro st.
STORE and bar. 4 rooms: stable. 4 stalls; can
be used for anything. Inquire 333 Thirtieth st.
HOUSES TO LET— PTJBinSgEP.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL,"
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to room and board
.with family. Apply at 819 California St.. or
room 24, 4CS Montgomery st.
OAK, 419 — New modern house; newly furnish-
ed; 6 rms.: bath, basement, garden and yard.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AWD rOUSTD.
LOST— A russet leather wullet, containing pa-
j pers and promissory notes of no value to
finder. Finder will kindly return same to
BERTIN &. LEPORI, 620-522 Washington st..
city. _
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbsmia 8avinss
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THOMAS. ROY. No. 130-353. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San? Francisco in the
name of CATHERINE BOWEN. No. 171-1521.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of SARAH A. HASKELL. No.
236-461; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did it. SHlUULdCY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st.. phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
LOST — Thursday, price and catalogue book.
Finder return to 214 Pine st., room 59, phone
Red 4308. and receive reward.
LOST— Sept. 1, pearl brooch, shape of star;
valued as keepsake. 42S G. G. ave.: reward.
j LOST— An Irish setter bitch. 9 months old. U
i Golden Gate ave. ; phone South 0; reward.
LOST— Gold watch and chain In Harbor View
bathroom; liberal reward. 2249 Broderick st.
TAN-COLORED purse, containing about $90;
reward at 421 Larkln st.
LAUNCHES' FOB HIRE.
C. A^McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf; beat-
ing A excursions. 3 Steuart st.;te!.John 2636.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures- no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
1 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call cr
. write. Confidential, Est. 14 years. DR. R
H. WESTON. office ."ifto KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR AVYETH.i special 1st for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1003% Market St.. opp. 5th..
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trcubTe consult this rpeclallst on femals
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the rnost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 0. pos-
itively cures rheumatism : magnetic, vapor &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original : method of treatment. / 11S6 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be^
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sure, never fails:
¦¦ $2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Xeamy Sk Clay.
DR. 1 ROSEN resides .2095 Fol?bm st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. - ,
I - MIMES A»P MIWIKO.
' THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. room r 10. 330 Pine st., will in-
corporate., and „ finance any proposition of
- merit; buys and sells, develops and operates
mines. Call for proposition of MERIT, while
on this " coast and they will show you how
your visit here will be one of profit.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
AT a sacrifice— 3 pool tables, billiard table,
with balls cues, etc.. bagatelle table, pig-
eon-hole table. 1 counter, wall showcase,
large safe, lunch counter, .iceboxes. 3 round
tables, larse ¦ antique mahogany . sideboard. 1
eet iron ' folding gates. 25, feet long and 7
' feet hl?h."*saitable fcr theater or cigar stand.
, slot machine, etc. Apply to T..P. KEYES,
I .'.'The Louvre." 14th and Broadway. Oakland.
2D-HAND . machinery, enirinis, boilers, pumps.
: pulleys, shafting. , etc.. etc., bought, sold.
: rented and exchanged: /see : Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE; MCHY. CO.. 130-132 B«aU st.
BOILERS.' ¦ engines* 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & jWOLPMAN. W5-197 ; Fremont st...
1 FOR sale — Ncw'and second-hand billiard :ino!
pool tables: easy payment*; , we. rent tables
* With privilege of buying: m<\Ifrn bar fixtures-
cheap . prices. ' BHUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
< .LENDER," 652 Mission st. 1 .
A—BUYS, sells "'or; rents gear, machinery/ en-
. gints.; boilers/ water pipe, snaftlng,^ pulleys,
; etc" WH1TEL.AW.K2S3-255 Spear, st.
FOR- »ale— New F#y-Sholes typswrlter, $35;
r Box 72::,- Call.
EMPLOYMTHT • WAITTEP— Mal«— Oon.
SITUATION wanted by American, 56; highest
reliability; ran do clerking, chamberwork,
etc.. In hotel or rooming- house. Box 5S6,
Call office.
NURSE (male) wishes caae. any kind; grad-
uate training school;- gives massage; first-
class references: willing to travel. Address
Bex 625. Call office. • <
Young mfcn wants employment, where there's
chance for ad\-ancement; ref. Box C01. Call.
CARPENTER wants work by day or job. 415
Clementina st.
ELECTRICIAN — Young man, 17, experienced"
in electricity, wishes position. Box 605, Call.
EXPERIENCED mining a-tayer surveyor and
bookkeeper. Box 67. Call. '
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cook; family or boarding bouse. LIEU
YUEN. 1113 Clay st.. tel. Black 3658.
CHINESE first-class family cook; $35, $40;
city. WON. / Call VJ7>4 Washington st.
CHINESE, first-class French cook: city or
country. YAN ON. S09 Stockton st.
A JAPANESE couple want situation In fam-
ily; man is first-class fancy cook and wife
1« experienced waitress; 15 years' reference;
wages $60 up. Address M. SHI. 518 Jessie
st. Telephone South 99.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions; man
good cook, experienced in all kinds of indoor
work an! the care of horses; wife plain cook,
waitress, fine laundress, housework; wages
$50 month for both. Box 4S74. Call office.
A YOUNG* Japanese boy wishes a position as
schoolboy In private family; city or country.
Please call at this address: CHARLES TA-
KAHASHI.51S Jessie st..S.F.;phone South 99
JAPANESE, 11 years with present employer,
wishes eituation In private family as waiter
or houseworker: exceptional references; $7
week. H. S. P., S35 Sacramento st.
OOOD Japanese boy, gentle and honest,
wishes positicn to do housework; speaks
English well; wages $C week. GEORNE
YAMA. 2106 Fillmore st.
A JAPANESE nice bey, about 20 years of
age. wants Dceition as waiter at table In
«na!l family: $6 up week. HENRY S. TA-
YAMA. 1617 Geary st. ; tel. West 97.
A JAPANESE pood cook wants situation as
echcolboy; ap't house: speaks good Enirllsh
HARRY AMEMIYA.1303 Polk;tel. Larkln 482.
EXPERT Japanese wants position as gardener
or hou«eworker. SAKA. 162SU Park sL
Alameda.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy; speaks English very well. S. K.,
807 Polk tt.; phone Polk 3S02.
YOUNG Japanese boy (genteel) wishes positicn
as school boy; wages no object. G. IKL 431
Stevenson st. Phone Jessie 2381.
JAPANESE butler wants a position. O. K.,
3406 Pacific st.
A NICE Japanese boy wants situation as a
schoolboy. T. K.. care 331 »j Eddy St.. city.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
In email family. T. H.. S07 Polk st.
IXCHAggR^ ¦
FOR sale or exchange — Grocery and liquor
store in warm belt of Mission; no competi-
tion; three living rooms; ideal place for man
and wife: will exchange ror city real estate;
Trice $1500. Box S.J4. Call office. _^
rLATBTO LET.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will navt you time and
trouble. Cord*-s Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary St., on the square.
¦
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom— Just com-
pleted: elegant corner flats of 6 rooms; $22 50
and $25.
SECOND ave.. 130. near Sacramento — $32 50;
new middle flat, 7 fine sunny rooms; two
toilets: fine bath; latest Improvements.
HAIGHT. 706— Only one left of those 6 new
flat*; S large sunny rooms; marble vestibules,
etc.: owner on the premises.
ELEGANT upper flat, 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page »t.
FREDERICK. 4C4A— That new, elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toilets; mod.plumbing;$27 50.
LAKE. 742, near Ninth ave.— New French flat.
6 rooms; rent $25; park In rear.
S<X>TT. 221. near Haight— A modern flat. 4
rooms and bath: sun In every room.
SACRAMENTO, 1030. above Powell — A nice
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath.
SWELL Parnassus Heights flat! 5 sunny
rooms. 531 Hugo St.. near Sixth ave.
VAN NESS ave. and Union— Elegant^V-sT?;
>un?y; modern: rent very low.
FILLMORE, 1124 — Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light: corner; rent reasonable.
JULIEN ave.. 137. off Sixteenth and Mission
sts.— S-room house and bath.
LTiAVENWORTH. 1519 — 6-room flat; gas.
tath; rent $18.
LYON, 11 Vt— <£pp«r flat cf 7 rooms, bath; sun-
ny and modern: rent $42 50.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fillmore — Flat of
6 rooms: sun In every room: large garden.
TO let — $7; TWO large rooms and yard. 7215*4
HarrUon tt.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom — Just complet-
ed; corner flats of 6 rooms; rent $22 50-$25.
LARGEST list of houte* and flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery *t.
gliATB TO T^ET— rtrgglSHEO.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 73 South
Park. .
FLATS FOR SALE- SMJRNISHED.
NOB Hill new flat to let; present tenant will
tell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 1254
California st.
FOR sale; cheap; five nicely furnished sun-
ny r<>oin* and bath. 1526 Devlsadero: call
nfterooor..
FURIttTtTRE FOB SAX.E.
H V-EYER &- CO. vzy highest i.rice for fur.
niltrc. can-ets, etc. 7S2 Mission ;tol. Bush £13.
$7-1 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
p«-r week. T. Brillianfs Fur. Co.. 340 Port St.
A NEW woven wire cot and top mattrrss.$3 50.
ANDERSON'S. 19 Turk St.. just off Market.
FURNITURE," stoves, bought, eold exchanged.
Bargcr. 43» Valencia.nr.lCth.Tel.Church 3S79.
rURNITUKE WANTED.
~" ABE LEVY. "
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, rarpets, office, fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate. '
SKCOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1145 Mis-
sion St.; phone Fol; cm 2713.
WANTED— A folding bed. Address box 4C07.
Call office.
HEX.P WASTED — PEMALB.
A KKAMSTRESS and lady's maldT^ee lady
here 10-.30 this morning.
Waitrer-: for it country hotel. $30, fare paid.
A s!rl fcr general housework at a mining
camp. $30.
A bouwmaid wljo can mend for small
family. *SO.
A cook with knowledge of German cooking.
$40 to $45.
A girl to wait on lady, pew, place in San
Mateo, $S'J.
A cook for small family <n city, $40.
A German cr French lady's maid, $30.'
A German rook for a German family. $40.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. nr. Ppwell.
A WOMAN -with 1 child to cook for a bach-
elor's mess et a naming camp; f25; se« party
In town. Apply MIES PLUNKETT. 420 Sut-
ter st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, not over 21 years, who lives
with parent*. $10 week.
Stenographer, good at figures. $50.
Girl for housework, $1 a day and found; pri-
vate family. " .
Chambermaid. $1 a day »nd lunch.
Waitress. $25 snd- found;/ Sonoma County.
! * Bookkeeper, knowledge cf stenography, $50.
Waitress. $30 and mealf.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
A COOK.". $30: two second girls. $30 each; »J
I houtework girls, $3O eacn; waitress, country
hotel.,> (25. »ee party here : 2 o'clock; • nurse
girl. $25: housekeeper. $20; girl to assist, $15
to $20. .MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason »t.
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks and suits. D.
_M. DA_VIDS0N. 52 First st.
EXPnRIENCED"saTeTlady for children'* coats
and dresses. .Apply box bW, Call office.
HELP WANTED— rEMAXE— Con. |
FRENCH cook, kitchen helper kept $40
fi cooks, city and country $30 and $35
Parlor maid $30
Parlor maid, country .$30*
4 nurce girls, city and country $25 $30
4 second girls $20 and $25
Pastry cook, delicatessen: no room $30
Delicatessen cook ...$35
2 cooks, small hotels $35
Nurse and upstairs work for Invalid lady, $35
5 hotel waitresses, city $25
3 kitchen helpers . . . T $20 and $25
Chambermaid and seamstress $25
Extra waitresses $1 60 day
Ironer for country laundry .$10 a week
and 55 housework girls, city and . country,
$25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT ts. CO., 334 Sut-
ter at.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third at., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Hop pickers, SO. 50 hop pickers.
Ship Saturday and Sunday. Sonoma County.
Tents, wood and water free.
$1 per $100 lbs. Pay daily.
Boss meets you at train.
Must call to-day If you go. »
A — FIVE extra waitresses country: free fare
both ways; $1 50 day: 8 days' work; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacnes hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; give 6
hours' practice a day; add parlor practice to
schooling; secure positions; day. and evening
classes; absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 153 Lowell st.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
ealesladies.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day uid evening class. 143 Stockton st..r. 15.
WANTED — A first-class cook for private fam-
ily; Reno. New; wages $30; call Saturday,
Sunday or Monday morning, between 8 and 9,
at 2623 Pacific ave.. city.
EXPERIENCED corset saleslady wanted. Ap-
ply, stating experience, references, etc., box
807, Call office.
TOUNG girls wanted to wind yarn: steady
work. GANTNER & MATTERN CO.. 607
Grove st.
WANTED — Women to line and finish fur
garments. Apply ROBERT WALLACE, 219
Grant ave.
GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new Joy sys-
tem dresscutting. JOHNSTON, 131 Post,
room 2. ,
FINISHER wanted on men's coats. 110 Ollva
ave., off Polk st., between Ellis and O'Far-
rell.
GQOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS. 22 CTay st.
GIRL, general housework; two In family.
3711 Clay St.. from 9 to' 1.
GIRL, general housework; two in family.
Telephone Page 3430. between 5 and 7 p. tn.
WANTED— Young woman do cooking in del-
icatessen store. 1736 Devlsadero st. --"--^
GIRL for light housework; sleep home; wages
$12. 9C9 Oak st.
WANTED — Young lady to play piano and
sire. 1063 Mission. CARLSON.
NEAT, reliable, girl assist upstairs and chil-
dren; $15. 511 Ccle st.. near Haight.
YOUNG girl assist household work; small fam-
ily; no cooking nor washing. 1S36 Sutter et.
LADY agents; best proposition: if you want to
make money call LIEBERMANN, 231 Post
st.. room 4.
GOOD pants finisher. MARTIN BERWIN, 850
Market at., room 46.
APPRENTICE wanted for dressmaking. 1359
Web3ter.
GIRL for housework and assist in delicatessen
store. 709 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS skirtmakers on custom work.
A. CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny st.
WANTED — An errand girl. 138 Geary et.
SALESLADIES.
YOUNG ladles. $1 SO per day and commission;
outside of city; ladles also take notice.
WALSER & CO.. 4S6 "Eddy st.
HEI.P RANTED— MAXiE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agts.,
429 Bush st, 642 Clay st.
FOR STATE OF OREGON.
Free fare; eteamer sails Sunday; free fare;
5 bricklayers, 8 hours a day $C a day
•;>; FREE FARE BOTH WAYS.
20 teamsters near city $2, $2 25
HOP PICKERS.
Men, women and children, see boss here..
51 per hundred lbs.
0 men and wives, different places..... $40, $43
Second oyster man, $45; porter, country hotel,
$25; waiter, country hotel, $35; German
waiter, country. $35: waiter, officers' hall,
$:$5; help's hall waiter. $30; waiter, country
restaurant. $30; 10 waiters, city, $35; 2 bell-
boys, springs, boss here, *$15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents.
429 Bush tt.. 642 Clay st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Carpet salesman, experienced, good salary
' and commission.
Tailor, first-class man, Palo Alto, good salary
Elevator man, good salary-
Bellboy. $10 'and found and tips.
4?rrand boys, millinery store, $5; can work
up to stock clerk.
Foreman, box factory, good salary. •
Gents' furnishing salesman, good salary.
Office boy. special, very easy work, J15 mo.
Fur cutter. $.1 50 per day.
Champagne salesman, good salary.' ¦¦-."/
Manager, wholesale and retail dry goods;
this position is still waiting for competent
man; «150; proprietor hr.r«.
Registered druggist, country, $75.
Stenographer, $35.
Porter, $20 end found ; hotel.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
TWO boarding-house cooks, $40 and $45 and
found ; hotel ¦ cooks. $35, $45 and itSO and
found; restaurant cook, extra. $4 day; oyster
man. $45; hotel porter, country. $20 and
found; colored bell and elevator boy, $35 and
room; hotol waiter. $aO and found; 2 boanl-
Ing-hcuse wnit?rs, ?10 nnd found; and others.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. (S2S Sacramento st.
COACHMAN, $-10 and found: 2 men hdouI
place, $25 and ?-TO and found; youns man
for milk depot. $40 and found; wood 'splitter,
$30 and found; blacksmith and woodworker
for sawmill. $3(i and board: foreman for box
factory; screw turner, $50 to $C0 and board;
sticker man. $."j0 and br>ard: 2 men for stock
ranch. i-'JO and found; 2 farmers and wives,
$50 and ?.V» and found: farmer. Southern
California, $30 and found; 3 miners. $3 day;
:{ laborers lor mine, $2 r>0 day; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third st., near Call bide: phone Bush 405.
Government v.-crk. Nevada, ship to-day,
cheap fare; fare fl.
J5 teamsters, f'J .'»0 n day; sre boss.
ar. Laborers. ?2 50 a day; see boss.
20 lumtxTm'Ti and drillers. *75 month.
Hop r-ickern, Sonoma County— hop pickers—
free tents; wood nnd water free; ICO men."
women, boys ami girls; SI per hundred
pounds; iiay daijy; boss her?; will meet
pickers at train.
Lawn mnn and tnke care liedge, etc., $50 a
month: st?2>ly job.
Walter, country restaurant. $25 and fd.
Contractors* Agenta, 95 Third st.
Laborers, railroad'* own work. ?2; fr-:e fare.
Extrn waiter, city hotel, $3.
Plumber, city, *4 to $5.
nuegy washer, country, $40 and found.
•Cook, small mine. Sonoma Co.. $25 and fd. '
Carpenters, across the bay, S3 50.
Street decorators, city, good money. /
.Nevada— Teamsters and laborers. $2 50.
Monterey Co. — Laborers. $2 20: long job.
Lots of otljer Jobs. .
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Head gar-
dener. $40; butler, $40: (teststant butler, etc..
$30, etc. '
A COACHMAN: must come well recommend-
ed. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st. ,.
PAINTERS— We want twenty painters. Apply
at shipyard. UNION IRON WORKS. - ,
CASH and wagon boys wanted;"' also stock
helpers. Apply Superintendent's office," The
Emr>orium.' • '. , .
WANTED — AMlstant barkeeper and , lunch
- man: fewedish or Norwegian. 625 Sansome.
2 FIRST-CLASS double drum hoisting "rngln-
; 'eers; highest wages; exp. men only. 832, Call.
WANTED— A man for light work and collect;
steady employment.' HIS Market st.y room 1.
WANTED— Bricklayer; short job. 654' Na-
torr.a st. - ;v -; ,.
DAY cashier: reliable man. 29 Stockton . st/V
BARUKR shep. 3 chain, at sacrifice; don't
ralss it. 1W0 Valencia st.
MusiCAi, PTSTETJaixyTg— Coatfem»d.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase: lowest
. terms, lowest prices and greatest variety «t
new planes; all makes In used instrument*.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers hare.
A LOT unredeemed stora** pianos; furniture,"
dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $ia5. 237 Geary at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Ccrellan piaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 309-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. ¦
3-PEDAL Ste-nway up; Chickerlag baby grand; -
Shonlnger. littla used. Keeg«'s. 2S3 Q-Farrall.
ornCTs Aim stokes to larr.
STORE to let. 257 Third st. . . ' ' "
LOWER part of 425 Sutter st.: suitable far
business purposes.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sura cor* for-
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists -for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely .
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 3. T.
THE Slar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. tin-,
prove* Its growth, stops falling, cares dandruff -
and itchicg scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- •
eept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Polk..
"REXRADIO'S" marvelous (humanised) "Ra-
dium" Treatment dally cures multitude* - (tn--
stantly) at my offices. Investigators (free) —
BROKER. 26 Montgomery st.. suit* 21
(hours. 2 to 4). "
FROM this day on I will not be responsible
for any debt contracted by my present wife;
THERESE DELMONT. August 31. 1904.
DR. F. DELMONT, .
Cancerous lemps, sor«e. Impure blood (affecting
skin mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by •
skilled specialist from Europe, Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant av«. Worst caaes cured.
FRANCIS X. GALEN, formerly of Philadel-
phia. Pa. — Communicate at once with Jjsa; Ii
L. Galen. Grand Hotel. San Frar.cisco.
FURNISHED rooms en suites or single; can-
speak English and Spanish. 1014 Pow«ll
St.. between Washington and Clay.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. ¦" - ¦-.-
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 OTarreU st. . . .
AT less than ccst; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 «!arket su - - - ¦ - ".-•
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 5©
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT-
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vic skin food for.
the body. 325 Ellis st. ' •.--¦.
ELECTRIC light cabinet baths. Tlbratory
treatments and salt glow. 467 Geary st.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs."
tiat-n. *;i) Sutter. Miss- Eaton. ZJ3 Geary.r.^r.
SUPERFLUOUS hair «; moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 117O Market «t.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $\i 73. Fred Wagner. 8B0 Market .
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the wcrld at 1310 Sutter st. •
ELEGANT suit to order * 1 ex. pair pant's.$15.
LEON LEJ1OS, 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and 3th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed <La Verite hair- ,
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats..
$200. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. '
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dre»» paaia $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.'.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Tn* "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«'.
United States or Canada rnt year for $1.
PHYSICIANS A3TP STTBOEO W3.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.'
1C21VJ Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to dl*eases of woman. •
BLCOD. i«kin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C73H Market it. \^
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 113-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary «t.. near Leavenwortn.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATSJBT3. *
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market »t.
PTJBCHASIHQ^ AGEHTCTES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th *t.. San Francisro. Tel. Carp 95fl.
FSOFOSALS.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m.. Monday.
September 12, 1004, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory t>f Arizona, - at tfte
office of said board in the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of th«
denominatlrn of one thousand dollars each.
numliend 11 tu 29. inclusive, bearing date
of January 1. 1904. due ar.d payable Jan-
uary 1, 1!W*. bearing interest at the rate of
0 per cent (5^.) per annum, optional after
twenty-five -years. Issued by th« Territory
of Arizona, in accordance witlr the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress cf the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second iss^e of the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said "bonds will
b«} raid seml-arnually on the first iiay 0?
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable tn gold coin
of the United States at tha office of th«
Treasurer of «iid Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
cf the .-.mount bid. payable to the order ot
E E Klrkland. Territorial Treasurer, and
a cony of Ihls advertisement mast accom-
vanv" each bid. Failure of bidder to maks
payment in full upon allotment and tender
of N>n<J* will be considered a *anc«nation
of tiie bid and the forfeiture of the check*
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to th» Board
of «'ontrol. Phoonlx. Arizona, and marked.
•"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GKORGK E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
X^GILBERt"* STOLX. Storage Co.; storag*.
packing shipping: warehouse. G.O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
X EMPORIUM Storage & Van. Co.; furnltur*.
houcehold goods stored, moved.- shipped. T»-
731 Howard *t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st:
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F, COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped, and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Poss and Powell sts. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and mercfaan--
.Sis*. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 138..
GOLPF.N West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard Ml. F.W. Zehfus» :
I PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fill more at.; phona Jackson Z8L
REKINS Van and Storar« Co.. 11 Montgomery
«. : tel. Main "1540. Shipping at cut rates.
SXWZHCT aXACULN.CS AHO SXTPPLIIS.
AUOUT renters — Ws have about 100O new
Whites to rent at $2 per month; you can
i make no mistake' when you order a White.
• as you get the best sewing machine on
I earth. Visit tbe Wfcita Co.'a new retail
I office, 915 Market st.. and see the beautiful
! collection of machine art work.
DOMTSTIC — The machine for family use: •'best
lo .-nearest: second-hand all makes at any
rrtce: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic ftfflce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the b«st second-hand machine;
ell kinds. $3 ?5. $8: guaranteed; whef» th»
doMg ywinc In th« window. 1031 Market st.
'-..TOLSASE. ¦ _^
FOR lease — California Schuetzen Club Park.
near San Rafael. California. Written bids for
¦ the lease of California Schactzen Club Park
tor five yearn, from December 2O. 1904. will
bf* received cp to October 1. 1304. at th* of-
fice . ,of -. th» - secretary of - thw - California ¦
Schuetaten Club. Park and Building Associa-
tion, O. A. Breracr. 82O Kearny St.. San
i Francisco. California. The form of lease
' at»l each ami all the terms and condition.".
I except the amount or rent, may he seen at
I the % offce cf tbe necretary. and any intending
¦' - le«.?fe -whose" b:il is» acccrted tvill have : to
- give Fistisfactory mf-«irlty for the 'perform-
ance,, of th<? terms and . condition? of the
lesii-e. The directors -reserve the right to re-
ject any and all hid*.
-• FHILOJACOBY. President.
O. A. BREMER. Secretary.
Cuntiiiued on Page Fourteen. ;
S2CTI.O Y HEHT WAITED— Pem*Ic— Con.
"u't-MAN wanm wenk by the day. washlnr or
houwclt*ni;ig; $1 50 and car fare. Call or
• adores* Mlii. Oc-GOOD. US Hayes st.
KXW8UBSCED hst maker wants work to
ttke hccie. Bex 794. Call.^
1.ADY want* to wcrk by the day. M» Howard
ttreet.
V.b.MAM var.t* work by tbe uay. M-. box
'.-¦X Call office. .
.' YOUNG wr-man wants situation aa -seamstress. |
S"., box 12*. Call office.
WANTED— Position as cook; good references.
Box ISO. Call office. •
SWEDISH girl would like housework; good
'¦ edpk. • Bex 183. Call office. .____^_
POSITION Bf . child's nurse. Apply 849
Clcir.er.tir.a *t.
A IjKEs^IIAKIZR wishes a few more engage-
mesta bj : <lay. Arr'y 460 Fourth st.
FixVATION as ta'.ioress. 1909 Mission st.
.COPYING to do at- home. Address box 585,
Call office.'
' WANTED — PoflUcn as housekeeper by lady;
. references. Box 693. Call.
SITUATION as Gm-c!a*« cook; elty cr coun-
try; be^t references. Apply 827 Fourth si.
niTLJABLE German girt wants housework In
' - .tir.ail family; wages $2S. Box 848, Call.
• .WANT wcrk by tbe day; all kinds of work.
Phone Scott 1224.
FIRST-clats drersmalcer la families; $2 CO per
Jay. . 873 gutter st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
•Call branch office, ccr.Duncan and Church sts.
WANT tis ar.d rubsertptions taken for The
• <~a'.l st Estcn'n Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
¦ EMPI»OYagEHT WABrTEp— MAI.E.
• MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position in hotel \
or yrixtXc house: can do all repairs and al-
teraticr:s en electric lights, cail bells and
-. tel»- phones; >s willing to work as handy man.
• A:iJrcis UDWARD. room 6, IIS Eddy st.
" F1P.ST-CLASS coachman and chauffeur for !
i rU'ate family; steady position preferred;
' . city or country; very be»: references. Box
in. Cell .office. >
•.pX.Gir.'EETt cf roefls. bridges, etc.. or fors-
kiu of works; 30 year*" practical experi-
ence; employment wanted. H. RICHARDS,
G. P. O.
'. A*M\N- wants pesitien a» gardener, butler cr
... coachman; can rr.ilk, etc.; is good all round
V raa.a; wages $30 to $35 jxrr month. Address
s -.box 1367. Call osSoe. Oakland. Cal.
. A YOUNG ir.an thoroughly experienced in
hardware line would like position In retail
• '.'•"-tore; good references. Box 13<ft>, Call office,
•.-.. C.'jLklacd. ' •
'.piJtJO cicrk. sTfeduate. -witn 3 years' experi-
•' *r?e. good reStrencec, mould like position in
>.•: retail ettre. Bex 136S, Call office. Oakland.
' POSITION desired 'as surveyor's assistant;
kinds or minir.g: any part of state; eorre-
: **pondchce aeked. H. WESTOX, G. P. O.
'•'.YOVS'G ::..:.. experienced in office work, de-
. : j>ires « position where he can learn archi-
.-':• tecture. Box 1016,. Call olfice.
•:'W.\» ; NTUI> — Situfitlon by esr>erienced collector;
;* b«-t reff-re-nces given and bond if necessary.
. : Address box 1015. Call office. Oakland.
' -GEE.MAN. fctxr-. reliable, wants situation to
-.. * care for hortas. parden. cows, private place;
' '\ city or country; references. Box 631. Call.
¦."PLu"mBKR.- first class; r.ot afraid of work;
.'¦• city or outside. Box t&6. Call office.
• ELEVATOR operator wants situation. A. P..
".box 1013. Call office. '
¦"TOCICO Germpn.- who served three years north
.•' '¦ w;*.n Klr^t Light Hussars, wants place as
coac.injan; is firet-class horseman; good ref-
.. trencc*. Addretx H. KLINK. 723 Calif or-
. • Kia et.
A F.'RST-CLASS tailor, cutter, wants position
ticr« or in Los Angeles; good references. Ad-
rtrv-s* 'your lc-.trr cr tend to 562 Lombard St.,
• city. A. II. DELL.
STEAI'Y, reliable young man, 29, expert, book-
» k'ei<T. desires place as bookkeeper or ass't,
with etiaaoe of aavancemeat;firrt -class refer-
• '.-tk(-:- «8i<-f low to bexin. Box 721. Call.
Klfli-T-CLAfc'S coachman and cnauffeur, with
w:y i^«t ref.. for private family; citv or«
• 'oountp': rteady ivosltion preferred. Address
¦ 'oos 7'.'7. Call cfnc*.
A . PJBST-CLAtS Iloenfed ncn-unioa plumber
wan'.ii wcrk from prot«rty owner; has all
¦ necf*^^arI¦ shep tools; city or country. Box
7'.tt. Call office.
• B<"»OKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper, 19 years'
•'. txpexience, deslrei engagement; collections
.'¦ an* €Orrf*pt;ndence a specialty; salary med-
.. erate. Box 731. Call office.
YOUNG man. SO years old. wants position In
hotel ¦ of fie*; 4 years" experience: French.
• German. English. Address M. J. DUTT-
• • KEKND. 1<O> Jackson et.
GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
" situation as clerk in grocery 'tore and bar-
' rot.m: first -cla.** refercni.es. W. BOHLING.
• ." 417 -Kearny et.
• CLISZ, niiddle-agecl. desires engagement with
."¦ .••-.-.¦ ...r bcute, office or store; Is famliiar
¦ . trith OrHtal trade; best references. Address
• .-J'l'cx 504, Cj.11 office.
SITUATION «s fcreman or manager of dairy
' 'or- Tench wanted by a married roan; long ex-
' rev'ence and best of references. Box 4&0»
.Call pffice. '
tOIiER. incurtrious young man wishes situa-
• Uea In whol*«8le or retail hardware or
'••• crockrry house; salary no object If chance
• ; " Jcr. advancement. Box 441, Call.
. '3<>B' carpenter; strict attention paid fine jobs;
I rrjT>pt and reasonable. Address Carpenter,
". 43Ti Seventh Ft., city.
;TC*L'NG men warts position as assistant bock-
' • keeper or any kind of office work; good r»J-
'. crtiices. Box 77$, Call office.
CHEF < first elafS). hotel or apartment hou»«.
¦. - city: sober, -reliable, ecr-nomical; At refer-
¦v enrep Box 775. Ceil office.
••'•EUTLliR. Frencij^ah. with best references,
•¦ ' 6> sires nositlcn !n rrivate family. Address
'.^Butler. C32 Ellis st. ' :/-:.».
. •<;AHPKNTI!U. non-unton, can plan building.
want* anork; will go tu country. Box 774,
• " * :mli " fnr «-
;;6ALESMAN with h.-ng experience wishes posT-
t!i.n in fe^n'rul orK-rchanajBe store in the
.-.. . country; «ood reference*. Box 746. CalL
.-'JSinvLE-AGElJ man «W« poEltion as wztch-
tr.isi. .:«n!tor. portor or any Jtjcht "work; city
: or. country. Bex 741. Call office.
MAN. and wl:e. cjok*. lirrt and second; mine.
. lumber cam. cr B. K. cars. Address box
~'J*. <"a.II olflce..
EITUATION wnnud by all-sround machinist;
' .a.\y,t> experienced at brass ;jat'rrn» and gen-
. lir«5« vcrk. Address box C{5. Call o'nee.
"-:':.: a \.:.7l yctir.g ir.sn <lcrJ:^« ;<ocition as col-
•' lector vr outside mar; l**t cf city reftr-
; T-.-es Bex 42i. Call office.
MARRQCD srutn .^r). gocd practical bus!nesf
• experience: salei;man, bookkeeper, general
._ -ctflc? work; ar.r»«"here. Box 579. Call office.
• PRX<.*"T:CAL cuttrr and Ttter. with long ex-
r^rltnre «n<i refereaoe, desires a position.
.Bok 712. Call office.
•".SiAOHlNIST. flrtt clast. wishes positicn in
tp»» shop; reference* If desired. Box CO,
_ tan offlc*
EaISORING 1 work of any kind desired by a
?trinp • >•¦>. m*n> ateady work preferred;
'. «.lfgs« »ifct« waceis. Adiiref-q box txU. <^»ll.
¦GTKUAH, n months here, withes steady good
P«"'Sft:cn; al«> enmtl ranch or fruit farm;
• *ag.» ,»c »h)c~t. Bex 3*i. Call.
fJtO\IXQ tnun wishes position as bell or ele-
»"«tcr -boy :n a hotel or club in the city.
" Bo» 43*. Call.
A VOUNG rr.an. 19. desires position as sales-
?3sn in a rouilc house: references. Box 213.
• Call. effW.
'rilUGHT bey 16. w4*hes a position driving a
butcher c«rt. Addreea F. 1J. HUDSPETH.
K*i Eleventh it.
YOUNO 6»-lt* wants work ia nursery or as
KSrde/ifr. linx 04!». Call.
HOY wants position after school. Address "so
Bcchanan st. *
POSXTXOar as enr^ieer; locomotive or station-
er>: uted to oil. Box 380. Call.
TAILOR wishes position. Address 1S04 Powell
*_I trc ' ef-
M A CHIVIFT5' a pprentice. ZV, years* experi-
«-n*e. wants poritlor. In automebiie shop;
r« fe r«-rre«. Ticx SOS. Call office.
BARBER wants work evenings. Saturdsy and
Address box 747. Cail office.
CC'OKKEEPEU wants position. Address 1230
Geary ct.
V'AXTCD— A Job as wraud boy. Address 41T
Mason Et.
BOY wlf h« a steady Job. 757 Howard at..
. room 40.
-SI AI.E — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 CTay st.
Phone Main 5S4£. '
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We epeak tbe German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. t.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hooe to
60,000 Men Wcrk. , Increase 60,000.
MECHANICAL.
18 carpenters, city . job. $3 so to $4 day.
4 bench hands, planing mill. $3 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS. ETC.
Stonecutter, Ban Luis Obispo^ Co., $4 50 day.
: FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES, $3 DAY.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city, $2 day.
2 brush makers, fare $1, $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MOLDKRS.
15 coopers, tight and: slack work.
MURRAY & READY,
¦', . ;.. 634-636 Clay at.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
1 65 two-horse teamsters, new work, corpora-
tion's own work, $00.
GREAT SPECIAL.
Private railroad, you'll suit, steady Job.
55 men, fare $4, see us, ?uu.
OIL WELL DISTRICT.
25 laborers, special syndicate job, $67 50.
MONTERBT.
25 laborers to-day, see us, $67 50.
. MURRAY & READY,
.. 634-636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES, ETC. i
SECOND DONKEY MAN, $00 found.
Donkey foreman, snips logs, cut brush, $50 fd;
HEAD LINEMAN, $75.
Spool tender, lumber company $43 fd. !
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 laborers for lumber co. : fare $2 $30 fd.
65 laborers, mills yard: NORTH $60
35 laborers for woods and camps; NORTH.S60
HELP BUILD IT.
165 laborers to cut brush away; help build
R. R. from sawmill to woods; fare $6.;.. $60
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men to work In bot. fac,
?30 and $35 FD., NORTH.
165 woodeheppsrs, tools, etc.. FURNISHED
FOR YOU. '•¦-¦' '
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 680 Clay st. .
MINES— MINES.
12 machine miners; gold QUARTZ $90
IS chuck tenders; bot-s here $75 to $62 50
: LOOK!-
1S laborers or youne men to learn mining:
to start, $30 fd.; a good chance for YOU.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIAN'S.
155 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MURRAY U READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
LOS ANGELES.
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIS.,
the land of sunshine, FRUIT and FLOWERS
BY TRAIN, SANTA FER.K.
$4 60 FARE: THAT'S ALL.
365 two and . four horse teamsters $60
MURRAY. & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERT.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
Cook,' 20 men, mine. $40 and found.
15 cooks, different:' hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, saloons,, ranches, etc., $30, $40, $50
to $$0 and found. ¦
waiters;
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 60. $35 found.
12 waiters, different city and country Jobs.
- " IS DISHWASHERS. 0 PORTERS.
BEDMAKERS, BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers. $12; Ironer. $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
$40. S30 and found. * ¦
Sausage maker, $14: experienced bone hams,
$14. " MURRAY & READY,
¦- 6U4 and 636 Clay st.
FA RMS— DAI RIES.
45 different ranch hands, $2tS. $30, $35 found.
5 milkers, $30. $35 and found. .
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 choreboys and men. $16. $20. $25. $30 fd.
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN
H> stablemen, city, country jobs, $75. $60,
$30 and found.
Boys, learn trades, tend stores, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 CTay St.
CARPENTERS— SPECIAL JOB.
C carpenters, Mendocino Co., lumber co., $90
and fo-nd.
2 carpenters, factory, fare 30c, $90.
3 carpenters, city Job," $3 day.
Carpenter private Job. $2 50 day.
FOREMAN, BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildings, fare
paid. ?4 50 day. • ' ' •
GASOLINE ENGINEER. ?12 WEEK.
4 plasterers, free (are both ways, $4 50 day.
• .4 PAINTERS, .?-' 50 DAY.
BAKERB.:
Baker, fare 51. ?5o i £oU -^ -ts** 5 '
Foreman baker, $25 «fd. -"""
3 bench handp. ?17 week.
BELLBOY. ?25 AND FD.
Nurse, country institutlcn. $30 fd.
Steward, country institution. $30 fd.
LAUNDRr.
Polisher, ironer, atarcher, fare $1. $2 50 day.
. Marker and distributor, north. $18 week.
Man tend bar. take canli. hotel, etc, $35 fd.
WAITERS. BARTENDERS.
Waiter, nice restaprant, rare paid. $35 fd.
Cam? waiter, ranch. ' fare -I, $25 fd.
Walter, mine, fare >3, ?30 fd.
<v<ck. 7 men, ranch, fare $1, $25 fd.
Man run luuch connter, south, saloon, $10
COOK AND WIFE FOR
A country hospital, easy Job. $40 fd.
5 farmers and wives, S40. ?.V>. $60 and fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
Wood turner, bench hand.
Shingle-raw filer: fare $3..' ...$2 50 day
Planer man. city mill.' $3 day
Shlngle-saw filer; fare $3 ..$2 50 day
BLACKSMITHS.
2 hcrseshoers, floor fire.' $4 day
STABLES.
Stableman; fare $3 $40 found
Stableman, routh $30 found
Choreman. banker's private residence, $30 fd.
BUTCHKRS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS. $80.
Flaught»r-houss helper: fare ? I %XS found
Knlf.: man, pigs' feet shaver $2 75 day
MURRAY .t READY, 034 and C-T6 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING
HOP-PICKING? HOP-PICKING?
Married or single young or old. boys or
girls, families. Come one, come all and
pick hops. $3 a day.
Fare *2. Office fee $1.
¦: MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CTay gt.
MINE DISTRICT.'
25 laborers, fee SI. fare $2. $:?0 and found.
25 2-horse teamsters. $00 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE,
155 teamsters. $75
155 laborers, . . $75
T.5 drillers, e ." . $90
FKE $1. ' ' * THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Two first-class tailors for general
work; steady position. Apply 510 Mission
St., between 10 and 12 a. m., 2 and 4 p. m.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday; wages $4.
SO Third st. _____ '
GOOD union barber; Saturday and Sunday.
' 872',i Howard st. \ s
BARBER. Saturday and Sunday; bring tools.
411 Devlsadero st. '¦
v:
BARBKR wanted ] for a few days; 10c shop.
803 Kearny st. ¦> . • .
BARHER-for Saturdavs and Sundays.. 1055%
Foltom . st. ' ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 11 Grant ave.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
-Clay st. ¦
A' WELL located barber rhop for-sal»; good
transient trade. Address box 650, Call office.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unsktlled labcrers, are invited
to • register with us free of charge. HOKD
6 SMITH. 05 Third:*.; S. F. - -
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
, trade; Coyne Bros. . Co. School of Practical
. Plumbing; .rend: for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St.. Louis. Mo.
WANTED— Men and women . to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
loeue' giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
.. ence Institute. Grant bldg..:1095 Market st.)
YOUNG energetic men wanted ;at ¦' once.', for.
. llght.work; guaranteed good pay with Imme-
diate opDortunities .; for advance. 247 Fifth.
WANTED— A bookkeeper, must have refer-
ence: state salary and -excerience. Address
¦" P.: O. 'box S4, : Petaluma, Cal. -¦
MEN and women, learn the barber -trade;
wages paid while learning. HAIGHT'S. C47
Commercial >t. ¦_' ¦ I - -¦ • . . ,
Contrortcrs and emplayers o( labor throughout
th<i State : 10 -communicate with " Independent
Employment Agency. 612 Merchant St.. 8. F.
CO ATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. ;-- . '
WANTED— A responsible man; good wages;
$125 cash , security required. .87 Third, r. 14.
STRONG. boy ,for. wholesale houae; state age
and exDerience.Y Box ¦ 72B, Call.
¦WANTED-^DIshwasher. 20 'Sacramento' st.- "
BARBER' jshep'for . sale at 509 Montgomery
: 1 ave. ;: 3-chnlr,; shop.
FOR sale.— 2-chair . barber "shop and ' 2 i house-
', ; keeping rooms furnished.'; Inquire Call-offlc*.
TWO young men ¦¦' to learn 1 the i barber trade.
. For. particulars Inquire 751' Mission ' st. ¦ .
ROOM suitable for barber shop; at Third and
- Minna ats. "~ Inquire at. butcher; shop. -—'¦
AND TOnATO SOUP WITH WANT ADS-TOE @$5,000 Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 5s ICO 75
$1C.WO Associated Oil Co 5 per cent.. 70 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 37 H
HO Hutchlnson S P Co 10 So
123 Honokaa S Co 15 15
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 5O
65 Paauhau S P Co 15 KJij
SO Paauhau S P Co 15 75
$.¦5,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 10O Oi>
$1,(100 S P of Arizona (1310) 10S 75
Jl.COO Spring Val 4a (2d nitge) ICO (0
Street—
!•¦(• Honokaa S Co 15 0O
100 Pac States Tel & Tel Co 102 00
Un listed Seen rit ies.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs. ORVi — I 8 P C R 4s. — 10O
B L Wat 6s. — 117^1 S P Co 4 Ha. 1 CO Vi —
Cal NW la. . — 113 I Sun Tel 6s... — 115
M C Wat 53.100 — I Do 5s 104 —
Ris 1 Wks 5s — 105 1 Suttr-st R3s.lO4 —
SF Drdk 5s. — 113^1 UR of SF 4s. 84% S4«i
SF & NP Ss.llOVi — I >yV*
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. |
Ala S Co... — SO I Lon& SF Bk. — FO
Cal Cot Mils 80 — I Mat Nav Co. — 90
«'al G&ECor. 40 — I Nev Nat Bk.187'4 —
C Jockey CL110 — I N S R R Co. 9U —
Cnl Powder.. — 150 I N Cal P Co. — 9«
Cal Ship Co. — 25 I Oak Bit Sav.120 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 Oak T Con. . 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak — C5 I IOOF Hall A 6«i —
rhutes Co .. — M/i'Orpheum Co.. — 15U
City ACBk- ICO I PacC Cas Co. ISO —
Cyp L Imp.. — CTil Pac Sur Co.lC. —
East Dynm..30O — I Paraf Paint.. 3S
DpntPwd pfd 75 .«0 |S P Drydock. BO — .
Do com .. — 50 |SF*SJ Coal.. 174 20
FN T.V.. Oakl20 — S J Wat Co.lrtUi —
Fischer Thtr tOc 65c SO Sc MTsrht.12.1
Frncn-A Rk.108 — j Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Han Con A.. — 20^1 Truck Elect.. 11 V, —
Hono PCo.. 27 M I UR InC pfd. 55 jj 57
Do pcol .. — 2S 1 Do com ... 14
SALES.
Morning Session;
Board-£
10 United R R Inv Co pfd 58 25
California Stockxind Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— B:d. Ask.
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Cert is» v\
fallfornla Standard 1.1
Tarlbou 4 3O 4*50
Claremcnt 75
Esperanza j r l()
Hanford ISfi 00 105 00
Home 1 30
Imperial 17 50
Independence 30 I
Junction : • "*jo
Kern - 5 00
K?rn River 12 ,v> j 2 73
Monte Cristo 53
Occldtntal of W. Va 04
OH City Petroleum ? _ ' "^-,
. Peerless 13 CO
Reed Cm ie 1 35
S. F & McKlttrlck 'sbii
Senator fto
Sterllap « 25 . . . ! .
Superior 04 05
Thirty-three g •»-,
Twenty-sight 9 00 ..::.
Ktrn (new). ....' 3^
Miscellaneous—
Cal. Jockey Club 113 00
Honolulu Sugar 27 00
"Truckee Electric 11 00 .**""
8ALFS.
Morning Session.
50 Makawelr 2S 50
Afternoon Session. '
50 Makawell 2S 50
50 Pauhau 15 75
50 Cent. Lt. :s :;7tj
15 Hawaiian Commercial 53 CO
Informal — ,
150 Caribou <- 4 50
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following. wer» the sales on the San" Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session. '
SCO Bullion 27| 10O Savage ....... "
KiOO Con N T ..... 03I 100 Sava*« ....... •»! l
400 Mexican ..:.. 871 500 Scorpion ' " CS
Afternoon Session. -
tWO Andes ....... 1S1 200 Exchequer ... P.I
100 Best & Belci.l U3I ICO Savage 2©'
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 1
Estatj Alfred Christenssn (by George Sick,
administrator) to Agnes Sack (wife of Seorge).
UniilviJed 'i of lot on S line of Wailer street.
SO W of Stelncr. W 25. S UO. E U:9. S 13.
E 11:3. N 1(;5. block 1, Marion Tract: $13W.'
James M. and Mary W. Patrick to Dell*
Kan? (\vif«. cf Thomas), lot on SW corner of
Ook and Killmore streets, W 110 by S o«: $10.
Delia Kane twife of Thomas* to Bernard
ant 1 Sarah Naushton. let on SW corner of Oai
and Killmore streets. S Mt by XV 110; $10.
Catherine J. Loeven <Mea.i» to John i'. and
Minnie A. Bateman, lot on SW corner of Mu'-!»
ar.fl StMncr streets, W 2«:« by S 7tt:«; $10. .
BesMie Nellsen to Henrietta (.'. HarpiF (wifs
of William), lot on K line of Boyce street.
27.*> N of Geary. N 25 by K l^'f>; $lo.
Harry C Neilsen to same, - lot. on E' line of
Hoyt-e street, Sib N of Geary. N 25 by E
12o; ?lt».
Soren P. Neilsen arid Henrietta C Harper
to Peter J. Keys, same; $lo. . ¦
Richard J. Mier to Frances JSoberbier (wife
of <'. ). lot on S line o.' Waller street. 2t!5 B
o: Masonic avenue E 25. S 149, W 25 >I
1»S:7 : T1O. ' " .
i:<!k.ar J. and Grace M. Malmgren to Frank
H. Bates, lot on E line of Belvedere stre't.
308:0 S of Waller, S- 25 by E 12l:10'jj * — -.
Frank H. and Netti? C. Bates to M. J.
Morris, same; $H». . • ' -.
Frtd-rick Staml Jr. et al. to Carolfne". Kjrl
baura. lot on NW line of Jessie street. 180
SW of Ninth SW 50. NW «3. SW :i, N W tK>,
NK 75. SE 1.JO. .juitclaim. deed; $1.
Savings and Loan Society to Caroline Wurl
baum et al.. lot on NW line of Jessie street.
tOU SW of Ninth. SW 20 by NW 1JU- quit.la.ra
tWd; $1.
Caroline Kurlbaum ct al. ' tn F. Thomas
Parisian Dyeing and Cleaning Works, lot on
NW line of Jessie street, ISO SW of Ninth.
SW 5<>, NW C5. SW 25, NW C5, NE 75, Sri
130; 51. . - . . ;
Jam-;: F. O'Hanlon to Martin and Anna
King, lot on E line of Folsom street. t)J N
of Thirteenth N 21. E 80. S 22:5 T 8 , \V
80: $ .
Elizabeth Corbett (wife of 'Edward) t-> Fred
erick P. Schuster, lot on E line of Valencia
street. 185 S of Fifteenth. S 75 by E 100; also
lot on W line of Julian avenue, 147:0'^ S- of
Fifteenth 5tro«t, S 1)7:24 by W 100; $10. .
Frederick P. Schuster to Elizabeth Corbvtt
(wife of Edward), lot- on. E line of Folsmmi
street. 25 S of Nineteenth. S 5O by E 100; $ — .
City and County of San Francisco to Ann;*
White, lot en W line or Dolores street. 13T> , S
of Fourteenth. S 201. W to Guerrero street, 4CO
lot. N MU. W along said lot to point opposite
Court street, K to Court; $ — ¦ — . .
Darwin E. and Annie E. Lawrence to Build
ing Conv tructton Company, lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 10O E of Harrison. E 2S by
S 1U4; $10. : •
Estate cf Eleanor or Elenor or Elanor Doug
las cr Douglass or Ellenor Douglas (by John
Farnham. administrator) to Mary G. Gagan,
lot on W line of York street. 260 N of Twenty
fourth. N 2« by W ICO; $800.
Frederick A. and Marie L. Cotley to- Wil
liam H. Wolf, let on E. line of Guerrero street
138:5 S of Twenty-fourth. S 20:4, B 11O, N
J> inches. E 30. N 28:7. W 140: $10.
Virginia and William K. Vanderbilt.* to
Washington Realty Company, lot on NV qor
ner of Washington and Drumm streets. W 145
by N 120; $10. .
George L. Bishop to I. W. Hellmah Jr.. .lot
on NE corner cf Washlnjrton and Montgomery
streets N 51:7U by E 62. B. and W^ lots, lift
and 111; $10.
Joseph E. and Elise Pierron to Giuseppe D.
Verga. lot on N line of Vallejo street, 137:8 W
of Stockton, N 68. W 894 Inches. S 88,. E 13 'i
Inches: $1(>. .
Pacific Realty Company (a corporation), to
Jonah R. Ho-well. lot on N line of Geary
street. 137:6 W of Taylor. TV" 58 by N 87; $10.
Louis Metzger, Abraham Aronson and Louis
Schoenberg to Jchn Peter Schmitz -Company,'
lot on NE corner of Turk and Mason streets,
N 1".7:6. E along line parallel to Turk, ex
tended 71:6 to a point thereon which Is point
of beginning of this lot. E 22, S "W:5H SW
27:lVi, N 1O4:3%. quitclaim deed; $1.
John Peter Schmitz Company to Louis
Metzger. Abraham Aronson and Louise Schoen
ber», lot on NE corner of Turk and Mason
stretts. N 87:6. E along line parallel t» Turk,
extended -17:9 to point which Is beginning of
this lot. E 23:9. S 54:9, SW 2y:3* 3 . N 71 ;9,
quitclaim deed; $10L
Luiri and Guidltta Gandolfo to Lillian M. .
Hall (wife of James), lot on SKIine of Bryant
street. 362 SW vt Sixth, SW 30:9 by SE 75;
$10.
Casimiro D. Crlstlna to Thomas W. and
C. C. Rivera, lot on SW line of Harriet street.
73 NW of Brannan. SW 8O by NW 25; $5500.
Estate of Alvinza Haywawl. by William J.
Dingee. administrator, to Charles J. Deerlna;.
lot en E corner of Eighth and Brannan streets.
NE 2M>:3 by SE 275; $75,000.
David n. and Anna M. Campbell to Philip
J. Bailey, lot on N line of Twenty-third «ve
nue. 25 W of Rhode Island street. W 23 by
N 100; *10.
John C. Brickeli to Jacob Heyman Com
pany, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
200 S of West Clay street, S 5O by W 120: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to
Robert C. AnrtenKtn. lot on W line of Twenty
sixth avenue. 275 S of West Clay street. S 25
by W 12O: f 10. *
Robert C Anderson to Jacob Heyman Com
pany, same: $46f>.
William K. anil Bessie Luts to Edward Gtn
ley, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 25O N of
Point Lohos avenue, E 12O by N 50: $10.
Clara M. Perkins (wife of Charles) to Co
lumbian Banking Company, tot on E line of
Nineteenth avenue. 250 N of I street. N 23 by
E 120; $10. .
Alfred and Agnes B. Higgins to ' John J.
Sweeney, lot on NW corner of Brazil avenu«
and Naples street. W 100 by N 50. block 47,
Excelslcr Homestead: $10.
Estate cf Rosa C. Ferea. by Joseph Terea.
administrator, to Virginia Terea. undivided
V, of lot commencing at boundary post 13, San
Mltruel Ranch", being end of twelfth course
SW 403, W 137 to San Francisco and San
Jos« Railroad, thence alons: railroad 805. SW
505. lots 1. !i and 3. block 1. Belle Roche, ex
cepting portion of lot described in 1907 D. 211-
S. Puca* Company to Delia Erann. lot on
SW lino of Precita Avenue. «T» W of Folsom
street. NW 2R. SW 75. SE 30.58, N 24.25, NE
M:6, !ot 2. Dncaa Tract. Precita Valley lots
114 to US; ?1O.
Builders* Contracts.
Oscar Edelmann (owner) with K. J. Wal*h
(contractor), architects Mahoney ft Rytand
AU work for two-story frame building (Rats)
r>n lot on W Hne of Sixth avenue, 75 >j ef
Hugo s-treet. 25 by 00: $4li2S.
•A. I* Burroughs (owner) with Cobby &
Hansen (contractor?), architects Hemenway »*>¦
MUler — All work for a three-«tory frame build-
In* (thre« flats) on lot on E Hn« of Webster
«r«et. 55 S of Filbert, E 1C0. N 23 W 10O
S 25; S5»7r». -
John II. F. Hensel (owner* with Loola \J
Weismann (contractor), architect -. All
work for three-story frame building on lot on
SW corner of Lombard and Buchanan struts.
S SO by W 110. Western Addition 260- $6325.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
10O Bullion Kl 2fiO Scorpion «
4CO Con C fc Va.l ISt SO I nion Con .- J^
SCO Con N Y .... 02t Uf Yellow Jacket. 13
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the yalcs on the Paclfle
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Belcher 2-*l Mo Gould & Cur. 24
2CO Best & Belch. I «H 2CO Could A Lur. -S
UK- Bullion I'**! 1W- Mexican *S
&X> Ohollar 1»i :{W> Poiost .- 18
100O Con NY o:I 2CO Sierra Nev .. 3^
Afternoon Session.
3CO Alpha lii ltt>0 Kentuci 01
:tOO Andes 1S| 15<. Mexican »'?
500 Bullion 25 ICO Ophir -13
10«» Caledonia .-- «» 100 S»vage -I
If*. Con C & Va.l 15! ICO Savage ....... Ti
400 Con C & V.I 12'M I'*' Union Con .. 3-»
200 Gould & Cur. 21! 1C0 iTnion Con .. 40
10V Gould & Cur. .231
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchansa yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C0O Adams Gold.. 09] 200 Ton Belmont.. 81
25C0 Brunswick ... 181 3W • Ton God M. IS
1C0 Mont Ton VA » ICO West End ... 18
1CC0 Rescue 1C|
Afternoon Sersion.
200«< Brunswick ... IS! SCO) Red Top «
1C0 MacN'amara . M 10C«» Rescue »«
200 MacNamara . 37 «» Ton Beimont.. M>
»Ci» MacNamara . SS| SCO Ton Midway.. *¦»
15t» Mont Ton.. 2 1"$*4I 2tt« Ton Midway.. SS
1C" Mi-nt Ton ..2 151 UW Ton N Star.. -3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.. ; *
' THURSDAY. Sept. 1—3 p. m. •
Eld. Ask.! ?:.- Bid. Ask.
Alpha 1ft 13! Justice 11 '•*
Alta t«» 121 Kentuck — 0*
Andes 1* 19! Keye* Uraes. . — 4-»
Belcher 22 2:51 Lady Wash .. — .03
Best & Belch. 1 25 1 3Oj Mexican S« S.
Bullion 24 23i Occidental ...75 —
Caledonia ... «U ti4? Ophir 2 4O 2 4S
Challenge Con 2u 22!Ovewnan 20 22-
Chollar 14 151 Potosl 1JJ • ?
Confidence ... «•> CRj Scorpion ¦ WT f S
Con C & Va.l 10 1 15 1 Savage 20 2'
Con Imperial. Ot 02| Seg Belcher ..11 12
Con NY 01 021 Sierra Nev .. Xi - Z4
Crown Point. 1« 17t Silver Hill ..50 52
East Sierra N OS Ofil St Louis .... — !•>
Eureka Con.. — S0| Svndicat* .... 02 — "
Exchequer .. 62 ft4' Union Corf .. S!» 41
Gould & Cur. 2T. 23! Utah -¦-'. C9 10>
Hale & Norc. «1 ft!l Yellow Jacket 19 20
Julia CO lot
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I ';-.•= Eld.Ask.
Affairs Gold.. OS — 1 Pine Grove .. 2.'» —
Columbia ... 21 23iQuincy 11 —
Esperanza ... 01 02i Ray Exten ..• — 0«
CoH Anchor. . 21 — ' Ray & O'Brien — «7
GoldfleM B... — 16jRay Tonopah.. — IO
Goldfleld Nev. 7» — (Red Top t.% IT
Goldfleld M.. — 25f Rescue 10 M
Ooldfleld Ton. tt — [Ton Belmont. . €0 ffl
Gold M Con. 01 02' Ton * Cal... — 29
Hannapah M. 2S —'Ton Ex I 12'i —
Hazel Kirk.. H> — FTon Fraction.. 25 —
Jim Butler .. — 7nl Ten « G W.. « —
r.lttl- Ton .. SO JMVTon Cold M. 1-« *9
Luc!<v Tom.. C5 — I "'"on- Midway.. 37 "^
11 .facNair'*ra . 36 — 'Ton cf Nev... 7 CO 7 SO
Mizpah Ex .. — 2-VTon N Star.. 24 —
Mont Ton. .2 12 1 '. 2 13' United Ton .. — C9
N Y Ton 0.1 —(West End ... 15 —
Paj-master . . — f4'
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALL, : FRIDAY, -SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
14
WPTDOWS TO VIEW PARADE.
FOR sale^ — Reserved seats In ' reviewing stand
east side Van Ness ave., between Grove and
FuUon Bts, for September S and (I. ,
A LARGE bay-window, the finest In the city.
1122 Market st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market St., cor. Fifth.
for viewing parade. Apply room ll>, 1 Fifth.
GORE, corner Market. Powell and Eddy sts. ;
large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 5.
KEARNY, 20%— Elegant bay window, suitable
for party; also platform and seats; reas.
MARKET. C45. next to Palace (La Verlte Par-
lors); seats or windows; 1st' floor; fine view.
3 LARGE double windows, fine view; party or
single; reas. Mrs. McDowell's, 1019 Market.
7 CHOICE windows to view parade; fine loca-
tion. Elcho House, 863^ Market. st.
3 FINE windows to view the parade; full view
of Market st. 8 Ellis st.
_ JPTPEWBXTEM^AKD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 00. The
Typewriter Exchange, 838 California st.'
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Tnspec. Co.. 608 Market
VIA VI.
A WAT to health — Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: . write for tt.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 282.
AW) STAMME2INQ.
MELBOURNE InKtltuTeT^Va^TNe^s^id^MarlcetT
cures; estab. In S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
Testerday:
Charles H. Sarcander, 23. 810 Jessie street,
and Catherine V. Swift. 23 ' 810 Jessie street
Albert B. Dobner. 19, 67- Fourth street and
Minnie M. Heber, 19, 632 Chestnut stree't
D. William Douthlt, 32. 1913 Devlsadero
street, and Charlotte A.' Merchant 22. • 24S0
Sutter street. ' ' •¦:¦;¦
Benjamin Barlow. 30. 37 Oak Grove avenue
and Mamie Hoffman, 23. 37 Oak, Grove ave
William C. Corkey, 26, New York City and
Gertrude A. Devlin, 2G, 58 Natoma street
, Charles C. Cohen. 22. 778 Fourteenth street
and Luclle V. Breslauer. 19 2118 Bush street
Charles H. Fowler. 27. city, and Prlscllla
Sands, 35, city. -
George W .Eechtel, 24, 1714 Bryant street,
and Laura M.,Jorss. 18. 5U Shotwell. street
Cohen. 23. 1539. Turk street, and Ray
Clarnet. 21. C17H Green street '
Grou, 29/ 170 Colllngwood street and
Marie L. Escude. 26. 170 Colllngwood street
T>.S;r P *n ke « r -?» o ".- 3 , 2 V Pr<*idlo. and Clara c!
Piper. 25. 645 Broderick . street.
Richard J. Rlngwood, 21,' 746 , Castro street.
and Mary. J. Smith. 1R 295 Page street -
Manuel Rodrigues. 22. Oakland and ' Fran
dsca Souza. 21. 22B Moss strtet.' ' n 1
Malichl Cooey. 21. Needles, and Amy Med-'
ley. 21, 719 Lnguna street.
Thomas* J. Sewcll. 23. Redding, and Grace
E. Paine. 2.5. 212:: Bush street.
Frcdiic W. Maxwell 27, Nevada. Mo., and
Olive G. Frazkr. 25, Aurora, Mo
Arthur Tofanelll 22. » Bartol place nnd
Knte A. Ccrclli. IS. 1S1O Dupont street.
John F. Crltc'nt5eld, .11, 37 Second avenue,
and Holla Ethcrldec. 27, 37 Second avenue.
Gf-orpe Kent, 2.\ city, and Alice Wl.son,
27. city. • :
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mail will not be inserted. They must b» hundeU
In at either of the publication offices t-rul b«
indorsed with the nam.- and lesidenc- of per-
rons authorized to have trie Lame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in thi* colurr.n
free, of charge.
IJOKX.
GRAY— In this city August 2fl. 1904. to the
wife of J. A. Gray, a daughter. .
SCHMIDT— In this city. August 27 y 1004 to
tlie wife of John Schmidt, a daughter.
WISE— In this city. August 2.!. 1904. tq the
wlte of Thomas F. Wise, a daughter.
. . MAKHIED.
DAHL— BURMEISTER— In this city. August
31. 1004. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church. Wil-
liam F. Dahl and Grace O. Burmelster,
both of this city. • . v
DILLON— PIPER— In this city. September 1,
10U4., by the Rev. Mr. Guthrie, G. Parker
¦, Dillon and Clara Piper.
IIALSEY— EM1IAI,-In Alameda, August 31,
1004. by the Rev. C. Ruess, H. L, HaUey
and-Ida V. Emmal, both of Alameda.
DIED. ~~
Arlag, Trinidad Fuehrig, Dora C.
Blennerhassctt, ... Jo- Green. Helena ,
¦ hanna . Ha mm. Sarah E.
Breen, Mary . Healy. Capt. Michael
Brown. Charles F. . HennlK. Thelma M.
¦ Conway. Ellen Kaiser, John ¦
. Cummings, ' Mary J. McClunfr. John : ¦
Davidson, Mrs. L. M. Morris, John M.
Dodd. John .¦ . Richards. Alice M.
, Eustathew, Anna K. ' " Schoen. Veronica
Evans. Catherine P; Walcott. Thomas J.
Farquharson. Jessie Wilkinson, Johanna
• Firpo. Melba • ¦ .
ARIAS— In this city. August 30, 1904. Trini-
dad Aria?, beloved ' husband of Maria Arias,
father of Beatrix- Arias, son, of Ramona
Arias, ,- and i brother *¦ of Frank- and David
Arias, a . native of . Mexico," aged • 33 years.
(LTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltsd to - attend the funeral . services
Friday. September 2. 1004, at" 10 a;, m... at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 303
Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.'
BLENNERHASSETT— In this , city., Septem-
¦ nor ' 1. 1904; Johanna Blennerhassett. be- ,
~: loved wife of. the. late Richard Blennerhas-
sett, devoted mother of Mrs: > H. i E.« Morton, j
Mrs. Phil .Hlrleman.:"Mrs.\W.: J.5 Tlernan.'
,'-¦. . Mrs.VJ., J. Sesnon and, "John, \ William am'
Thomas'- Blennerhassett. and -cousin of. Mrs.
Ellen . Clark.- a j native of County Kerry, , Ire- '
land, aged 59 years. (Boston papers p!ease '
copy.) ;
IT-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday*, at t> a. m.. fr»m the parlo a of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7d7 Mission street, ;
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
fiulem high mass will be celebra.ed for. the
repose of her soul at 9:30 a. m. Interment .
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
DKEEX-ln thlc city August 29. 1904. Mary
Brcn, beloved motlicr of J. F. and J. J.
Breen, and wife of the lRte Owen Brecn, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years. •
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to at:end the funeral service*
Friday, September 2. 1904. nt 1>:.V> a. m.,
at the parlors of the California Undertaking '
Company. 4C5 Powell street. Interment Holy •
Cross Cemetery by carriage. I
DROWN — Entrr.d Into rest In San An»e'mo,
August 81; UW4, Charles F. Brown, deaily
beloved husband of the late Mt»ry R. Brown,
father of Charles P. and Elwood Brown.
son of Mrs. Kate M. and the late I'h'l p
Brown, and brother of Philip. Ocors^ C, I
Joseph. Albert and Ida Brown, a native of i
Kan Francisco, asfid ISO years and 11 month*, j
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 a.'m.. from St. Franc's '
Church, where a Fo'.emn requiem hlsh rr.aa.s
Will l>e celebrated for the repose of his soul. J
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. |
Precita Parlcr No. 1S7. N. S. G. W. — The
officers and members of Precita Parlor No.
187, N. S. G." W.. are hereby notified to at- I
tend the funeral of our late brother. Charlei
F. Brown, on Saturday morning, September '
3 at 9 o'cloelc. By order of
CHARLES A. KEEFE. President.
CONWAY — In Flthormnns Bay. August ?!),
1004. Ellen, beloved wife of the late John
< Conway. and mother of Walter John P. and
James E. Conway, Mrs. P. O'Brien. Mrs. M.
K. Peterson and Mrs. H. II. Peterson, a
native ot Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 74 yi ars.
ICTFrlends and acqualntancra are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
.at W a. m.. from the parlor." of Porter £
White. 423 Golden Gate 'avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a. nolemn ,'re- '
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the |
repose of her soul, commencing . at 0:30
a. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.' "Oak-
land. ' ; .
CUMMINGS— In this city. August 30. 1001,
Mary Jane . Cummings, beloved mother of
Sidney Cummings. a native of England, aged
67- years U months and 28 days.
;(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10::W a. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeteiy. :
DAVIDSON— In ¦ Oakland. September 1. 1904,
HENRY J; CALL ACHE^f CO.
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. '
. Telephone South 80. : . . "
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. !
- * Funeral Directors ' and - Embaimers- — —
.-J -Formerly In Metropolitan •Temple." *
. NOWat 8H6 MISSION.'. Tel South 167.
Eetween Fourth and Fifth,*: near Fifth st.
. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
EEAL ESTATE— C^T-— TOBJSAM^
ONLT A FEV LEFT.
« l25PEKWEE N% INTEREST.
Cnoleest lots !n the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on .treet
rrade; close to fine school; not far from tn»
Mie«lon-st. electric cars; secure on. « an
investment and by the time It U paid for It
will have doubled In value the way prtcn
have advanced during the paet year: buy
. new before prices become prohibitive In tals
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
2fi Montgomery »t.. r. 8. Phone Main 5.04.
K400-COTTAGE. 6 r. & b .; 236 Bos worth at.
*CSOO— Oottace. 4 r. i b.; 214 29th; modem.
J2700-Cott*ge 6 r. t b.; 150^ West Park ..t.
JllOO-Cottate. 4 r. and b.: 140 H-arst a e.
J1CJO— CotMge, 4 rooms; 220 2Stn St., with
c.*! business, horses, wagons and cood-
>Wcown and *30 per month— 2 nats^ I and
a root-Mi and bath; on Day st.; $3000.
$300 down. »25 p*r month; 2 flats: 2.U) irt.
D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 21st and 22d.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, let Included,
any location, on $1 25 per «*«k. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crogsley bid.
$1200 WILL buy newly furnished modern
house, 12 rooms; worth Investigating. 467
Geary at.
FOR saJe— Two fine lots. Richmond, reason-
able. Room 310. Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
ALL work cuaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard «t.
MESXO ?ABX EEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two R-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads: last of this property left; U cash.
Menlo Park— A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent tree*; well
built, cld-fashioned house in good condition;
fcr tale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded: In tracts of
"from 4 to 25 acres; special term* to thos«»
building immediately.
• : SELBY RODGERS * CO..
. Telephone Main 673. 110 California st.
BEAL ESTATE— COPITTBT — Tor Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vtiwyards: Inspected bargains; monthly ca.ta-
• lorues *ent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S ? J\TTS
AT-A^rrpA BE All ESTATE.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
§7500 Hou*e cf 12 rooms, southeast corner
Grand st. and Alameda ave.; 75 feet on
" Grand by US on Alameda ave.; also lot
in rear. 45 . feet on Alameda ave. by
150 feet deep.
$2200 — Two-etcry boos* of 8 rooms and barn;
54x120. east side cf Sixth St.; SO feet
acrth cf Tayler ave.; '434 Sixth et.
f3250 Two -story house, south line of Encinal
ave.. 148 feet east of Union «t.; 1812 En-
ciaal a.t.
. . FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
• NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
. Almost new 8-room house: fine marine v'ew;
house Is- thoroughly modern: porcelain bath,
etc.; cement bns*m»nt: S3OO<>.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and P.Wiabie Agents,
. , 1422 PARK ST.
fl!WO FT.'TP.a home in Alameda: a snap: 7- !
room house: larir* lot: fruit, flowers: leading '
¦ avenue; little ca»h. See owner, 21 Spear St.. J
P. K.. ur»tairf. j
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S ? XTS |
¦ 1
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE. !
'BARGAIN— ?ie0i.': S-room house, well, barn, |
1 hk-kf-n-hotise. 50 young fruit trees, lot 175x I
2 f> 7: one blork north of Corbin station. West '
BcjrVcley. Inquire of F. BEVIS, on the j
premise*. j
FRUITVALE ADVT'SXXTS j
rBTTITVAI.E BEAIi ESTATE.
FOR £ALK— J2750; tt cost $3750: rents for $20 ;
j.r month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
•<• is. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave., j
Eatt Oakland. j
TRUITVALE BOOMS.
S'FCnMfHED housekeeping rmt. : closet, pan- ;
try, bath. laun.,& yd. 1417 Fremont av.,Ftvle. j
—^^"— ¦—^^— — »—^^^"^i j
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND rUBSTTUBE 7OB SALE. I
TG-MoRBOVV the day f'jr bargains in furni-
ture. II. .fckhelhaas.llth Et.,cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertiseni'ts
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN' ave. 1C2. off Polk st., between Bush
and l"ne — Two housekeeping rooms and bath.
CHUBCU. 30*. cor. 15th — a tiont Funny unfur- j
cishfd room*, with i-arpete. .bath, gas; rear, j
CLAY. 14.VS — 2 cr 4 front rooms; gas range; ;
bath; i-orajjlete housekeeping. )
EDDY. 7.»— Well furnished housekeeping j
1 ¦:;-.-; 2 cr 4 gas ranges; bath and phone. '
EI.Lli?. lust — Housekeeping room; American •
family; »:». :
FKLL, 22>< — Nice furnished suite housekeeping, '
Ifll; cf-ntrai; bath, gas range; adults.
GEARY, 4S3 — 3 eunny rooms for housekeep-
-•-S- .
GOLJJKN <J>TK ave.. 433 — Three furnished
housekeeping: rooirs.
GOLDEN GATE «ve.. C22— Eunny. furnished I
housekeeping rooms. ;
HAIGHT. 21S — Nicely furnished rooms for i
hov.srkeepins; sunny, ysrd, all conveniences. |
HOWARD. f22— Two suites housekeeping
room*; alA Finele. i
HOWARD. 823— Very large front rooms; gas ,
ttove; houspk'eptag. ¦ ;
JEg?IE. CC:i— Sunny room furnished house- i
kcej.ing; i?as range; sink; $3 week.
KEN1LWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
ftnr.y apartments; steam heat;cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apaitmcnt*. l.!40 Pine—
Hunny, COraMed .'I-ruom gun*-*: steam heat-
ed. eject ric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Nc-sii and Go!d»n Gat*
»«•*>•. — Suite* and ninny unfur. rooms: r«aa.
M« A LUSTBB. c:«S— Nir.ely rurnished. sunny
loom; u*e pf kitchen; running water.
UiALLISTER. 720 — Double parlors; folding
beJ; liousekeeping; ?25.
i?c.\L!-T£-TKR. 1050 — 3 tunny fur. rooms for
likpg. ;ga» and coal range; sink; batft; phone.
NICE housekeeping rc*m» 10 let; all locations.
I'hocr Clay W»6.
N ! NT;TEENTH. 3475. Mission warm belt—
>.'t«-«>:y furnUfied rcon; hauseke^ping; gas.
l.-aih
OAK. 117. t-"S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
»6 to *12; gas range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 7:;l— Large, tunny room for house-
keeping. • .
OTAP.RELL. 776. r.r. Larkln— 2 light, sunny.
large urjfur. housekpc. rooms; reasonable.
•l'AGE, 1425—3 cr 4 unfurnished housekeeping
iwn»; electric light ; gas; bath.
PEARL. 13. off M&rkct, between Valencia and
Guerrero — Two sunny connecting- hottsekeep-
ir.c rooms; cas range; use of bath and laun.
f COTT. 250 — Two sunny, unfurn!shed, connect-
ing rooms: bath; cas; phone. '.4
EECOND, 149 — Rooms for housekeeping; nicely
furnished; convenient to business.
SECOND. 212— Housekeeping rcomi and othrrs-
r.o children; reasonable.
ECOTT. 3ou, northeast corner Page Two
newly furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms-
«^ke Halglit-Ft. car to Scott; quiet, respect-
able neighborhood.
SIXTH. 145— Rooms tor housekeeping; also
fin;if rooms. i
6TOCKTON*. 711— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; SIO per month.
THE Vlrcinla. 1005 Powell — Furnished or un-
'urnlt-fcr-d bay-window suites, comrilete for-
iiougfkf-eplng; sas range; also single.
rwo large furnished rooms, also small kitchen.
fT r?nt for l!cht housekeepicg; bath and
r'b©rs«; AEhbury Heights; fine view; refer-
ence*. Box AUZ. Call.
TURK. J147 — Unfurnished, eunny cultcs; new
house; fine view.
VAN NESS »ve., 421-Sunny. from suite ;*»«
•tovc; f23>per month. '
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-0
rooms: furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and TJnf urn.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rocms.
etc.. from 20c to tl: rates by the .week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth, st. —Rooms
?Sc to $1 per night, $1 25 to (5 per week and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market «. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 00c. $1. *1 60 night;
$1 CO to f 10 week; house open all night.
ALDINE, 404 Turk st. — Sunny furnished suite;
$1S per nonth; $4 50 per week.
BELMOND House, over Owl druc store. 2 en-
trances, 112(5 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUCHANAN. 1200— Rooms to let.
BUSH. 75«— Rooms to let.
CRAGBURN (The), 1007 Larkln. cor. Post.—
Sunny, nicely fun-.lshed rooms; single, en
suite, housekeeping apartments, running
water, baths; rates reasonable.
DOUGLASS, 228 — Furnished room to let.
EDDT. 207 — Furnished rooms.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant, sunny front room; also
double, rooms.
EDPT, 432 — Fine furnished rooms; modern; all
conveniences: reasonable: nice location.
EDDY. C26 — Room and board.
EDDY, 1254 — Beautiful eunny rooms, with or
without board.
ULLIS, 837 — Kront alcove room; also other
sunny rooms: private family.
FELL, 335 — Beautiful sunny alcove room; gas;
bath; modern; ?10.
FELL. C54 — Elegant suite; private family; ac-
commodate three gentlemen.
FREE list of rooms at '
ROOM RENTING AGENCY. 235 Kearny st.
HARRISON. 784 ft. near~F«3urth^F1nely~fur^
nished. sunny rooms; bath; homelike; *1
week up.
HOWA Rd! 737V4— Manila House — Furnished
rooms with all conveniences; reasonable.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room, one or two
persons. |8; back room, $0; housekeeping.
MARKET, 1040 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms]
hot. cold water. elevator;windows for parade!
MASON.514,nr.Eutter — Sun. front room suite or
single; «lecantly furn.; modern; reasonable.
MINNA, 110 — Nice single and double rooms
to let: rent cheap.
FRANKLIN. 428 — Furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
niehed front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FULTON. 29 — Rooms to let.
FULTON. l'C3 — Nice front room; running
water.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phone
Clay 936.
GEARY. CIS — Nice front room.
GEARY. 1499— Sunny front room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-rm.
GROVE, 45S — Nice. large, funny room.
GUERRERO. 333— Nicely furnished large sun-
ny room: bath, gas and phone; private fam.
HAIGHT. 60 — Furnished room to let.
HAIGKT. 21S — Nicely furnixhed rooms; sunny,
bath, phone: all conveniences.
HAMPTON place, IS— Single or housekeeping
rooms.
HARRISON. 2408V4. between Twentieth and
Tvrenty-first — To let, sunny front room wliu
gas and bath: $G per month.
HOWARD. 708— Rooms to rent; furnished.
HOWARD. 715— Large eunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to 51 day and tl 25 to <5 week.
KEARNY. 305. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
fanny rooms and bath at reasonable prices.
LARGE sunny front room In private home to
a sentleman. Box 714, Call office.
MISSION. 1C30B— Nice s#mny furftished room,
with or without board; bath; grate; reason-
able.
MISSION. 2768 — Two bright furnished rooms.
NOE. 577 — Large furnished room to let; sun-
ny; terms reasonable.
OOTAVIA. 1157— Large well-furnished room for
three young men.
OCTAVIA. 1157— Well-furnished rooms; gas;
bath; phone.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
gant: electric light*; unfurnished offices.
PINE. H27. near Powell — Sunny furnished
room: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reas.
POST, 217 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite, for conclave visitors; reasonable.
POWELL. SK.— Nicely furnished rooms.
POWELL. 122C. cor] Pacific— Nice, sunny
front rooms, double and single; popular
prices; also housekeeping rooms.
SHOTWELL. 655 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; yrivate family.
6TH, 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privileges;
also double parlors; Kood for Dr. or dentist.
SIXTH. 314— Furnished rocms.
STEVENSON, 635— Sunny dourle furnished
toom fo* gentlemen. t
TAYLOR. «24. cor. Sutter — 2 sunny front
rooms; also 2 housekpg. rooms; reasonable.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New orlck
bui'ding. finely furnished; modern; central;
. rates reasonable.
THIRD. 308 (The Mayflower)— Pleasant miny
furnished rooms; central: reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to *1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights «no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to (1 SO nfelit; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
<lec. lighter reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1O0K Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AND BOABD.
MASON. C15A. near Su7ter^Sunny~fural8hed
room, with or without board; private family.
HAIGHT. 60 — Newly furnished double and
single rooms; good home cooking; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, C21 (The Comora)— 2 or 3 superb
rooms; large grounds; best table; billiard rro.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fura.
runny rcrms; Ub!e board; reas.; new mi nag.
HOWARD. 8UA— First-class board and room.
single or double. t&-»C wk.; American family.
Stevenson Mans«on, opp. Grace Church annex,
£fl7 California— See rooms. learn prices.try table.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Cail
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. %\ per yeatl
¦ ROOMS WAHTIl). -
BY lady and son. employed during day, 2 un-
funilsbed rooms; reasonable. M. T. f 316
Laurel ft. ,
ROOMS wanted Immediately at
ROOM RENTING AGENCY. 235 Kearny at.
BOOM-axsarrnro aoeitct.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 - Examiner bldg.—
Rooms to let, with cr without housekeeping
single or In suites: we recommend 800 Scott'
464 Hafzht. 403 Halght. 1187 Ellis.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996.
prPTPEara^ wotices. .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
j>«ny.rCon. — A dividend. No. (59. of fifty cents
(jOc) p«r share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
20C Haytvard building. San Francisco on
-K-ptember 10. 1004. Transfer books close
geoL.3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
rOBECIiOSUBE BAEB.
NOTICE OF FORECLOSURE SALE:
UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING COM-
PANY.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to
a decree of foreclosure and sale made '
and entered in the Circuit Court o* the
United States for the District of New
Jersey on June 30, 1904. In a certain con-
solidated cause in equity pending in said
court, wherein The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany and New York Security and Trust ;
Company, respectively, are complainants,
and United States Shipbuilding Company
and others are defendants, and also. pur-,
suant to -an ancillary decree of foreclo-
sure and sale made and entered ln> the
Circuit Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California on August
1, 1904, in a certain consolidated cause in
equity pending In said court wherein the
said The Mercantile Trust Company and
New York Security -and Trust Company,
respectively, are complainants,' and United
States Shipbuilding Company and others
are defendants I, James Smith, jr., as
special master in and by said decrees ap-
pointed, will sell in two separate parcels
at public sale or auction to the highest
bidder, at the front door of the main busi-
ness office upon the mortgaged premises
hereinafter described, in the City of San
Francisco, State of California, viz., on the
north side of Twentieth Street, between
Michigan and Georgia Streets, in the said
City of San Francisco, on the twenty-
sixth day of September, 1904, at 12
o'clock noon, or on the day and hour to
which I may finally adjourn the sale, the
following premises and property which in
said decrees are adjudged to be mort-
gaged under two certain mortgages from
said United States Shipbuilding Company,
the first to The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, and the second to the New York
Security and Trust Company, and are
described as follows:
FIRST PARCEL.
The yards, docks, plant and property
formerly owned by the Union Iron Works,
situated in San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and consisting of:
(a) AH those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of land situate, lying and being in the
City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, and bounded and particu-
larly described as follows, to wit:
1. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Eighteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along tne
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Illinois Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Illinois
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Twenty-five (425).
2. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth street two
hundred (200) feet to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Illinois Street: thence north wardly and
along the easterly line of Illinois Street
four hundred (400) feet to the point of
commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred ana
Twenty-six (426). ,
3. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along tne
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Georgia Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Georgia Street four hundred
(40U) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Michigan Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Michigan
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement: being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Forty-seven (447).
4. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Eighteenth Streets;
running thence easterwardly and alo n f
the southerly line of Eighteenth Street
two hundred (200) feet to Georgia street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
lv line of Georgia Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence west-
war '<y and along the northerly line ot
Nii «;enth Street two hundred (200) fee.,
to Michigan Street: thence northwardly
and alon,sr the easterly line of Michigan
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo, Block Number Four Hundred and
Forty-eight (448). , ¦ ,
5 Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Georgia and Eighteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line- of Louisiana Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred * (200)
feet to Georgia Street; thence northward-
ly and along the easterly line of Georgia
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo. Block Four Hundred and Fifty-
nlno (459).
6 Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Nineteenth and Georgia Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of 'Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana Street;
thence" southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Louisiana Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (2C0)
feet to Georgia Street; thence north-
wardly and along the easterly line of
Georgia Street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; ' being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Sixty (460).
7. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Louisiana and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) fee-t to Maryland Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Maryland Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line I
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Louisiana Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Louisiana
Street four hundred (4t0) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Eighty-one V1S1).
8. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Louisiana Streets;
running tnence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (2U)J feet to Maryland Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Maryland Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth • Street two hundred (2.0)
feet to Louisiana Street: thence north-
wardly and along the easterly line of
Louisiana Street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Eighty-two (4S2).
9. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Maryland and Eighteenth
streets; running: thence eastwardly and
along the '"southerly line of Eighteenth
street two hundred (200) feet to Delaware
street; thence southwardly and along the
westerly line of Delaware street four
hundred (400) feet to Nineteenth street;
thence westwardly and along the north-
erly line of Nineteenth street two hun-
dred (200) feet to Maryland street; thence
northwardly and along the easterly line
of Maryland street four hundred (400) feet
to the point of commencement; being all
of Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four
Hundred and Eighty-five (485).
10. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Michigan and Twentieth streets;
running thence and along the
southerly line of Twentieth street two
hundred (200) feet to Georgia street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Georgia street four hundred
(400) feet; thence at a right angle west-
wardly and parallel with Twentieth street
two hundred (200) feet to Michigan
street; thence northwardly and along the
easterly line of Michigan street four
hundred (400) feet to the point of com-
mencement: being all of Potrero Nuevo
Block Number Four Hundred and Forty-
Bix (446). 1
11. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Georgia and Twentieth streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Twentieth 'street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana atreet;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Louisiana street one hundred
and thirty-one (131) feet and eight (8)
Inches: thence at a right angle westward-
ly and parallel with Twentieth: street
ninety-five (95) feet and three and one-
half (3&) inches: thence south 6H degrees
west two hundred and forty-six (246)
feet and one-fourth (V4) of an inch
to a point fifty-six (56) feet and
eight and one-half (S&) Inches
eastwardly from the eastwardly line
of Georgia street; thence southwardly
twenty-seven (27) feet and seven (7)
inches to a point distant fifty-two (52)
feet easterly from the easterly line of
Georgia street: thence westwardly and
parallel with Twentieth street fifty-two
(52) feet to Georgia street: thence north-
wardly and along the easterly line of
Georgia street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; bein* a por-
tion of Portrero Nuevo Block Number
Four Hundred and Sixty-one (461).
12. Commencing at a point on the west-
erly line of Georgia street, distant thereon
two hundred and twenty (220) feet north-
wardly from the northerly line of Twenty,
second street; running thence westwardly
and at a right angle to Georgia street on*-
hundred (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northwardly five (5)rfeet,and six and one-'
half (6Vi) Inches: thence westwardly one
hundred (100) feet, more or less, to the
easterly line of Michigan street at a point
distant thereon two hundred and twenty-
six (226) feet and five and five-eighths
(5*g) inches northwardly from the north-
erly line of Twenty-second street: thinw
northwardly and along the easterly line
of Michigan street, one hundred and
seventy-three (173) feet and six and three-
eighths (t#») inches; thence at a ri^ht
angle eastwardly and parallel with Twen-
ty-second street two hundred (200) feat to
Georgia street: thence southwardly antl
along the westerly line of Georgia street
one hundred and eighty (180) feet to the
point of commencement; being a portion
of Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four
Hundred and Forty-five (445).
(b) The buildings, structures, erections
and constructions placed thereon' witn
their fixtures. • . ¦
(c> All windlasses, capstans, tackle,
docks, engines, furnaces, boilers, ma-
chinery, shafting, -, belting, pulleys, dy-
namos, dyes, patterns, drawings. ;cols,
furniture, fixtures, appliances, implements
and appurtenances of every kinl sn1
character situate, lying or being In. on or
about the said yards, docks, pre ri es
and property described in clauses (a) and
(b) hereof, and used or provided for use in
and about the operation of sa'd p'ant and
property and the cairyng on of 'hi
business of the United States Shpb-Id-
ing Company in the same, It bein< the
intention that said yards, do:ks. prem-
ises and property should be conveyed as
an active, going and operating manu-
facturing plant.
SECOND PARCEL.
All the raw materia', st r el, iron, lum-
ber, fuel, oil, supplies, goods, war.s, mer-
chandise and products belonging to -he
United States Shipbuilding Co-nrany. a id
tormerly owned by the Union Iron Works,
whether manufactured or in petti of
manufacture, and all other tangible jer-
sonal property, goods and chattels, of any
and every kind, name or hatuie, whrh
may be upon th** premises last above de-
scribed, and wnich the United States
Shipbuilding Company acquired from said
Union Iron Works.
As provided by .sa!d decrees, t^e fail
premises and property will bi sclJ Ire:
and clear of all liens and claims of ev. ry
description, without valuation, appraise-
ment, redemption or exten3lon. |
The special master will offT fo- sile 1
separately in onn parcel all tha' port rn
of the mortgaged real estate and appu -
tenances hereinabove descr bed ps lhe
FIRST PARRCEL. In making such sale
the special master will, pursuant to the
directions of said decrees, Rccept no bid
for the property so io be offered for snle
from any bidder for a sum le s than ?1,-
400,000, nor from any bidder who s.al net
I place In his hands or deporlt wth Iilrn at
the time of making the b.d ea a v'.e's*
that such bidder will makeg.oJ hl.« bd,
if accepted by the court, the sum of 5105,-
000 in money or certified- check up.n a .y
national bank, or upon any trust com-
pany In the city of New York, or $52a,uw.
lace value of the bonds secured \y tald
mortgage of the United States Shipbuild-
ing Company to The Mercantile Tru3t
Company, or, in case said mortgage shall
have been previously satisfied, $150,000 face
value of the bonds secured by said mort-
gage of the United States Shipbuilding
Company to the New York Security and
Trust Company.
The special master will next offer for
sale, separately and in one parcel, all
that portion of the mortgaged personal
property hereinabove ' described as the
SECOND PARCEL.. In making such sale
the said special master will, pursuant to
the directions of said decrees, accept no
bid for the property so to be offered for
sale from any bidder (or a sum less than
$300,000, nor from any bidder who shall not
place in his hands or deposit with him at
the time of making the bid. as a pledge
that such bidder will make good his b.d,
if accepted by the court, the sum of $60,(M>
in money or certified check upon any na-
tional bank, or upon any trust company
in the city of New York.
The certificate of any trust company in
the city of New York that it holds bonds
a3 therein described secured by either of
the said mortgages of the United States
Shipbuilding Company, subject to the or-
der/of the party named, and transferred
to the special master, will be received by
said special master and accepted in lieu
of the bonds specified in said certificate as
a deposit at the time of sale and on ac-
count of the-payment of the purchase
price bid. with like force and effect aa
though the bonds therein ¦ named had
Been delivered to such special master.
Of the price for which said respsctive
parcels of property shall be sold, there
shall be paid in cash at the time of sale,
the cash deposits hereinbefore required,
which shall be received as a part of the
purchase price and .also, with respect to
each of the said, parcels of property, there
shall be paid in cash, at the same time,
and from time to time thereafter, such
further portions of the purchase price of
said properties as the court may- direct;
and the court has resented the right upon
the confirmation of the sale of the said
parcels of property, or either, of them, to
charge the properties sold, or any part
thereof, with a lien to secure any such
further payment ot cash in an amount
then to be fixed by the court or to require
a bond in lieu of any such lien. The bal-
ance of the purchase price of each
of the said parcels of property, not
required to be paid in cash or secured by
lien or bond as aforesaid, may be paid In
cash, or the purchaser may satisfy and
make good the balance of his bid. In whole
or in part, by turning in to be cancelled
or credited as hereinafter provided, out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons ap-
pertaining thereto secured by said mort-
gage of the United State; Shipbuilding
Co.Tipany to Tne Mercantile Trust Com-'
pany, saM bonds and coupons being re-
ceived at such price or value as shall be
equivalent to the amount that the holder
or holders thereof would be entitled to
receive thereon in' 1 case the entire pur-
chase prices of all the properties covered
by said mortgage were paid in cash; cr in
rase said mortgage 'of the United States
Shipbuilding Company to The Mercantila
Trust Company shall have been previously-
satisfied, sala purchaser or purchasers
may for the same purpose turn in
to be so cancelled or credited out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons
appertaining thereto, secured by said
1 mortgage of the United States Shipbuild-
ing Company to the New York Security
and Trust Company, which shall be. like-
wise received at a value likewise com-
puted; but such payment in bonds issued
under said mortgage to The Mercantile
Trust Company shall be subject to such
further order of the court as may be
necessary to protect any rights, equities
or priorities of the holders of any of said
bends In respect to the distribution of the
yroeeeds of the sale of the premises cov-
ered by the lien of said mortgage, as in
said decrees provided.. All such bwids and
coupons that may be used to make any
such payment shall be surrendered to the
special master and cancelled if the whole
amount due thereon Is applied upon the
purchase price, but if less than the whole
amount be so applied then the amount so
applied shall be stamped or written upon
such bonds and coupons, which shall then
be returned to the holder.
If any bid shall b3 accepted by the court
and the person making; the same shall fa'!
to comply with all the condi.ions of sale
and all orders of the court in rt?p»ct
thereto, the sum deposited by tha bidder
shall be forfeited and shall be app led as
the court may direct.
The court has reserved the right to re-
ject any bid ai d to resell the mortgaged
premises and property upon the failure ot
any purchaser for five days to comply
with any order of the court rsquiring pay.
ment.
The said decrees provide that the pur-
chaser or purchasers of the property
therein decreed to be sold shall bs inve t?d
with, and shall hold, possess and enjoy
the said mortgaged property thereby de-
creed to be sold, or so much thereof as
may be purchased by him or them respec-
tively, and all rights, priyl.eges and fran-
chises pertaining thereto, as fully en 1 }
completely as the d<?ft-n«lant.<» in ?aid con-
solidated causes, or any of th»m, held and
enjoyed the wme at the time oi the entry
of such decrees, or hid theretof »re hel i
and enjoyed the same reauvctl/cly; and,
further, that the said purchaser or rur-
chasers shall be entitled to hold the said
property so sold freed and dl^chnrged ot
and from the Hen of the mortgages fore-
closed in said consolidated causes and
freed and discharged from i-ll claims tl
the parties to said suits or any of ilum,
and every person represented by or c!ai-n-
ing under or through them or any o* th»m
For further particulars rcf. ren e It
I made to the above rr.enti>nel decree* ot
the said Circuit Court of the United Stat s
• for the districts aforesaid, or. file wi h the
. clerks of ?aid courts respectively at Tren-
ton. New Jersey, and San Francisco, Cali.
fornia.
Da'ed August 6th. 1004.
JAMES SMITH, JR.. Special Master,
Newark, New Jersey.
Mrs. L. M. Davidson, formerly Mrs. Charles
D. Carter, a native of England, ased 87
years 3 months and 25 days.
DODD— At Sehuetzen Park, September 1.
1904. John Dodd. a native of New York
State, aged 81 years.
EUSTATHEW— In this city. September 1.
1804, Anna K. Eustathew beloved mother of
Nick K. Eustathew and Mrs. A. C. Claudi-
anos. a native of Bralla, Koumania, ag?d
(50 years.
EVANS— In Oakland August 31. 19C4. Cath-
erine Porter. Infant daughter of Charles J.
and Lots Evans a native of Oakland, aged
1 month.
FARQUHARSON— In this city, September 1.
i J9O4. Jessie II. Farquharson wife of Dav d
l'arquharson. and mother of 'Mary A.. C. D.
..and D. F. Farquharson. aged 7U years and
10 months.
ETNoace of funeral hereafter.
FIRPO — In this city. September 1. 1904. Melba.
dearly beloved daughter of Mary and G.
Firpo. sister of Henry Firpo. and grand-
daughter of Antonio Cuneo. a native of San
' Francisco, aged 3 years and 4 months.
FUEHRIG — In this city, September 1. 1904,
Dura C. dearly beloved wife of Charles A.
H. Fuehrlg. and loving mother of George.
Theodore and Adolph Fuehrig, a native of
Lobsens. Provlnz Posen. Germany, aged 49
years and 14 days.
GREEN— In this city. September 1. 1904.
Helena, wife of George Green, mother of
Mrs. Essie Herrmann and Lawrence. N. T.
and Christina M. Green, and daughter of
the late Judge Lawrence Ryan, a native ot
Jacksonville. Fla.. aged 62 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. in., from her lat«
residence UK". Sacramento street, thence to
St. Mary's (Paullst) Church, California ani
Dupont streets, where a requiem high maas
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMM— In this city. September 1. 1DO».
Sarah E. Hamm, beloved mother of Lout*
J. Hamm. a native of Maine, aged 62 years
9 months and 9 days.
HEALY— In this city. August 30. 1904." Cap-
tain Michael A., beloved husband of Mary J.
Healy. and father of Fredrick A. Healy, a
native of Georgia, aged 65 years and 11
months.
IE7The funeral will take place Friday.
September 2. at 10 a. m.. from St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church, corner of Dupont and Cali-
fornia streets, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
private In Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains
at the funeral parlors of the Henry J. Gal-
lagher Company, 2O Fifth street.
HENNIG— In this city. August 31. 19O4, Thel-
ma Marie, beloved daughter of Julius and
Minnie Hennig, and sister of Rose and Lily
Hennig. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 22 days.
KAISER— In this city August 31. 1904. John
Kaiser, beloved husband of Fredericke
Kaiser, father of William F.. Charles A. and
Emma Kaiser. Mrs. G. H. Burfeind and
Mrs. C. P. Lemoge. and grandfather ot
Freda «nd Willie Kaiser and Luclle Bur-
feind. a- native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 63 years 5 months and 20 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral s«rvice3
Saturday. September 3. 10O4. at 1:30 p. m..
at his late residence. 1713 Mason street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. P'ease
omit flowers.
McCLUNG— In this city, August 28. 190-1. John
McClung. husband of Eliza C. McClung. and
lather of Margaret. Clara and John H. Mc-
Clung. a native of County Tyrone. Ireland,
aired 70 years. (Toronto papers please copy.)
MORRIS— In Oakland. September 1. 10O4. John
M., beloved husband of Catherine Morris, a
native of New York, aged 60 years.
RICHARDS— In this city. August 31. 1S04.
Alice M.. daughter of the late Thomas and
Margaret Richards and Ulster of Thomas
L.. Daniel B., Evan E. and Edwin L. Rich-
ards. Mrs. Annie O'Connell. Mrs. Frank
Clayton. Mrs. O. M. Riewerts and Mis3 Hat-
tie Richards, a native of California, aged 19
years.
¦ tCT Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1O.SO a. m.. from h«r late resi-
dence. 228 Thirteenth *treet, near Howard.
Intel men; Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHOEN— In this city. September 1, 1004.
Veronica, beloved wife cf Max Schcen, a
native of Cologne. Germany, aged 46 years
8 months and 24 days.
CTTrlendsi and acquaintances arc respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ¦
(Friday), at 10 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 797 McAllister street. Interment Hills !
of Eternity L'emetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WALCOTT— In this city. August 31. 19C4.
Thomas J. Walcott, beloved sen of Themis
J. and the late Margaret Walcott. ani bi-
loved brother of Mrs. Paul Talo and George |
and Viola Walcott. a native of San Fran-
cisco, agtd 19 years.
ICTFrlends and, acquaintances are re«pect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday, |
September 2. at 1 :30 p. m.. from his late
residence. 91.1 Dolores street, near Twenty-
second. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILKINSON— In this city. August 30. 19O4.
Johanna Wilkinson, a native of Nova Scotia i
aged 70 years. A member of Seven Pines
Circle. Lcdles of the G. A. R.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of Porter & :
White, 423 • Golden Gate avenue. Funeral i
under the auspices ot Seven Pines Circle, 1
Ladies of the G. A. R. Interment Cyj?re« !
Lawn Cemetery via the 3:30 p. m. train i
from Third and Townsend streets depot.. rix;v» TORK. Be»t. L— Mcsey ea eaU wu
«aey.. \Q\ ptt eeat; clo^ag bid aad offered
*V» P*r eaac. Time leans nere steady, with
sixty <£T» at 2 per cest; ninety «la»-s 2% per
oe=t -aai six nicaths at 3% per cent. Prune
J=erc«xti:« paper, r.-'j-t per c^ct. Sterli.-g
ft.-'-«rg» wu heavy, wita actual business in
fcaxkerr tiHla at *4.S72304-S74O fcr dei=a-l
*x£ at $4.$4CS<?4.«470 for eixty-day bi:^
¦Posted - rate*. $4 S3%©4 SS%. Comaiereiai
bCSs. $4 «4%. Baj- stiver. 57J»c Mexican dcl
iars. 43%c. Bonds — Gorerair:ents. eaiy; rail
roads. tTJVGX.
New York Money Market.
j EASTEBX MABKETS. |
Foreign Futures.
. Wheat — Pept. Dec.
Opening 7 3% "J'i
Closing 7 3\ 7 5?i
PARIS.
Wheat— . Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 22 45 23 95
Closing ....22 45 24 CO
Flour —
Opening '. 30 33 3160
Cloclng ....'.".; ..SO 85 31 t3
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS. Sept. L — Wool steady: medium
grades, combing and clothing. 20©26c; lijtht.
fine 16320c; heavy, fine, 12-gl6c; tub washed.
22'5 : 35c.
Northern Wheat Market.
V.-Ir* ¦ OREGON.
PORTLAND^. Sept. I.— WHEAT— Shipping :
Walla Walla 73c: blusetem, S2c; valley, S3c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, " Sept." 1.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestetn. 83e; club, 78c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 1.— Clearings. $679,102;
balances. |147,24«.
TACOMA. Sept. 1.— Clearings, $300,370;
balances. S26.SS5.
PORTLAND. Sept. L — Clearings, $700,068;
balance*. »«5,115. . < •
SPOKANE. Sept.- 1.— Clearings, $321,302;
balances. $(0,102.
OMAHA. Sept. 1. — CATTLE — Receipts. 1500:
steady to a shade stronger. Native steers, $3 75
05 90: cows and heifers, $3©4; Western eteers.
»3g4 25: Texas steers, J2 7A€3 50; cows and
heifers. $2^2 90: canners. $1 50"82: stockers and
feeders. $2 5G@3 S5; calves. $3@4 75; bulls,
$1 7.-V3S 25.
1 HOGS — Receipt*. 4200: 10c lower. Heavy.
$4 S>035 10; mixed, f 5 03®5 15;' light. $5 15<6
5 SO: plsrs. $4 50-6:5; bulk of sales. $5 O5C5 20.
SHEEP — Recatpts, ¦• 650*; • «te«dy.-' - Western
yearlintrs. $3 65©3 90: wethers. - $3 30TT3 «5;
ewes, iZ'S 3 50: common and stockers, $2 50@
3 65; lambs. *4©5 40. ¦ --J
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 1. — CATTLE: — Re
ceipts 8000: slow, steady. Native steers. $3 75
S3 9""; native cows and heifers, $1 {H>S4 50:
stockers and feeders. ?2 23S4; bulls. $2S3 25;
calve-. $2 2535 50: Western steers. $3fi4 50;
Western cows. !l 60<|3 50. ,
HOGS — Receipts, SCOO; 6c lower. Bulk of
«=ale». $5 15®5 30; heavy. $5 10@5 25; packers.
$5 1505 30; pips. *5«5 35.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000; ««teady. Muttons.
13 2564; lambs. $4 .W34 S5; range wethers,
13 50^4; ewes. ?2 75©0 50.
CHICAGO, Bept. 1. — CATTLE — Receipts.
7500; market, rtow. weak. 10c lower. Beeves.
t3#3 90; cows and heifers, $1 10^4 40; stock
ers and feeders. $21r3 SO; Texans, $3 10g4 15;
Wetterrs, $2 65<?4 35.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day, 20,000; to-morrow,
12.000; 3©10c lower than yesterday's average.
Mixed and butchers', $4 &C«5 50; good to
choice heavy, $5 10@5 45; rough heavy. $i 60%
4 S5: light. »5 05£5 60; pigs. $5§5 50; bulk
of $5 C5@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; 10c lower. Sheep,
$2g4 13; lambe. ?4fi6.
Kansas City.
. Chicago.
200;u S Leather ....! 7%| 7«,1 7^1 Hi
Kv* Do pid ( 56>j| SShi &i*»| 6^4 I
! IU S Kealty & C.I 1 1 S2 i 3 5 !
,...'.. ..i l>o pid : i ! 5- I 52'i
50O|U 3 Rubber i 19i»i 1*T»| 1S%! l»'a '
I Do prd [ 1 ( 7J | 74% |
19,4W)jU S Steel Cor ...! iS';i 12 V»t X3t»| 13V* |
1CC.70U1 Do p:d i 03 I «1?»! 82 HI *&\*
10t)|Va-Car Chem Cu; 3r>it «2'.»l 32 1 33
1,7001 Do pfd !lw7-'-s|lt» 1 .»iI > >T*i|l«7 l i
' 6,0C«;Wabash ... j l»%| l»Ui WHl l*S j
1.2W). Do pfd ...' i 3* I 35)l *i i
Do aeb Bs ...|..... \ ?£.'?»( «»3
... |Weils-Farso Ex.|.-..t j23w |2tO |
1.400j Western Colon .! &0U! 90 1 90 90% j
..IWestiasBouse j jl&* |161 •
i Do In p;d...\|j..... H*' J I 1 * 7 I
¦M3,\X <* L K ! 1 17 i 17%
SCOi Do let pfd j 44H| 4 *V*i -"Hi «h ,
ICOi Do 2d l>fd | 23 { 2S j 20% |
icyJWlsconsin Cea...j 1S**| IS I 1SHI 19
4Gvi Do pld i 41*»! 41%j 41%| « ;
C;«.1ijO— Total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg-.lOlSlL & N unified 4s.lOC»;
Do.coup^p l05;»iMan ton gold 4^.106% i
Do 3s reg lt^i | Jitx Ceat 4s 61
Do coupoa 105m D»> 1st inc.... 14*4
Do n;w 4s res.iai* 4 . Minn & St L Is.. !)5
Do coufoa 13i\!M. K & Texas 4i.l(X»%
Do o!<l is reg.lO^i Do 2ds S3
Do cuupoa 107 !NIt &t Mex coa 4a Tti^i
A:ch g^a 4s 10J%|N Y C gen =%s. .IwV*
Uo adj 4s 05 ! X J C g«n 3a 133% .
AUaaUc C L 4s. OS ' 4 ! Nor Pacific 4s 105%
iiait & Ohio 4b. .1O3 | Do Us 74>i
£>o 3'^s 95 ! 4lNcr & W con 4s.l01»i
Central of Ga 3s.lll*s,l OSL 4s & parnc. 06%i
Do 1st Jnc 84 T »iPa conv 34«...- 9S%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lC5 i »fRead!ng gen 4*...li^0
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73 I S L & I M con 5s.ll«?i
C. B &. Q new 4s. 97 ! S L A S F f g 4s. £4%
C.M & HP gn 4-1101,1 St Louis SW lsts. 97%
C & XW cea 7S.12SH: Seaboard A L 4s. 81**
C. R I & Fee 4s. 7504; So Pacific 4s frt
Do col Es S5"*jSo Railway 5s 117'
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01% Tex & P&c lsts..U9\i
1 Chi Term 4s 74'jjTol. St L> & W 4s. 76%
Cocs Tobacco 4s. 72^41 Union Pacific 4s. 103
! Colo * 5o 4».:.. S4 I Do conv 4s.. . . .104*i
! C F i I con S9. 72V U S Steel 2d 5s.. SOU
! D«n A Rio G 4s. 101 | Wabartl lsts . US
I Erie prior !>a 4s. S)9 ! Do deb B 63%
i Do g«n 4a S«*4|W A L Erie 4s... 91N
F W A D C lits.lf«5>, t Wis Central 4e... «9%
Hock Val 4%s...lO3 I
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
[ Adams Con ..... 23! Little Chief 05
Alice 23! Ontario 3 50
I Breec* 17i Ophlr •-•• 2 40
1 Bruas Coa 17 Phoenix 12
I Com Tunnel .... 10|Potosl 14
I Con Cal & Va... 1 05' Savags 20
Horn Silver 1 55! Sierra Nevada 40
Iron Silver 1 5^.! Small Hopes 2*
Lea<3viUe Con ... 02| Standard 1 85
I ¦ : ... --. : " 1 -¦¦.V---
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— n s ste*l 13
Call loans ..:... 2^3% Do pfd «2«s
Time loans. 3g4% Westing Common. 79
Bonds — - Mining —
Atchison 4> 101% Adventure HI
,, D ° ¦«'*¦ .2 s (Allouea 12%
Mex Central 4s... 61 | A mal Copper 5«%
Railroads— Amer Zinc 12
A^hlson W> T * Atlantic 13U
DopM 05 iBlngham 2«»4
Boston A Albany.2;*4! Calumet A Hecla.520
Boston * Maine. 162 j Centennial 2S
Boeton Elev 152 I Copper Range ... 67
Fitchburg pfd 136 Dal-- West 14};
Mex Central H%lDom Coal 57
N Y. N H A H..159 I Franklin " *%
Per* Marquette.. 74 lorancy 3S
Unicn Pacific 0S?»! Inle Royale 19VI
Miscellaneous— - j Maes Mining .".»;
Am-r Arge Chem. 13«ilMichisran 5Vi
Do rfd 7»ti| Mohawk 43
Amer Pneu Tube. 3 M'vp.t Coal * Coke 8%
Amer Sugar ....131 SI old Dominion ... 15H
Do pfd ltt%|Osceo!a 71%
Amer Tel & Tel. 137 I Parrot 2t
Areer Woolen ... 13*i!ouincy . sa
_ D " rfd "0*;: shannon 414
Dom Iron * F... 11 >, ' Tamarack 110
Ed Elect Ilium. -260 I Trlnltv 711
Oca Electric ....164%! U g Mlnln* .' 21»i
Ma«s. El»ctrlc 12«i'tT P Oil 11M
do rM «> Kuah ....::..:::;; 42
Maw Gas 41 «4 1 Victoria 3«;
T nitei Fnilt .". ..10« | winona . . 9%
U Do 6h p7d_ M ".= h ::: WolT * rin ' ::::::: ***
Cash in the Treasury.
WA5HINGTOV. Ptpt. 1— To-day's state
rrerit of the treasury balances In the general
fn^h/HuYV 9 °J **2 * 15 0- w »-°'*> gold ?gg£
id the dl\ Islon of redemption, shows availabl
ccsh balance. JI47.973.3<M; sold. I49.512.294:
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 1.— Cotton futures oo-ned
firm- September, lie: October. 10.90c: Novem
ber. 10. S3<-: December. 10.94e: January. 10 90c-
March. lO.JJ^c; April, lie; May. 11.04c
Spot closed quiet: middling uplands. ll.SOcr
middling gulf. 11.75c. Sales. 1200 bales
Future* closed steady: September 10 ROe-
October. 10.73c; November, 10.R3c; December'
10.77c; January. 10.7«c: February. lO.Kc'-
March. 10.S7c; April. I0.90c; May. 10.J>2c
Xeic York Grain and Produce.
,r^' E v. W Y , ORK - Flour-Receipts 19.-
ICO barrels: exporta. 23,300 barrels; market,
inactive but firmer. *u««jmi.
WHEAT— Receipts 29.7(V> bushel*. Spot
ftrrn: No. 2 r«-«i. *I l«t, f. o . b. afloat: No
1 Northern Duluth. *1 2«J« f. o . b a>.oat
Options craned steady ar.d soon advanced on
further bu.llsh newg concerning spring wheat
conditions, together with small Southwest re
cflpu «nd a scare among shorts. The close
waa-\Slc net higher. May, $1 J2^ei 13^T
c osed SI 13ii: September. $1 lS^gi l 3 ii :
$1°1*% December, $1 11»»§1 12 fcf closed.
HOPS— Ptfady.
HIDES— Steady
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm, r
COFFEE--The reffee futures closed gteadv at
usv: llne , °y^ 10 »" int «- tou? ,»i. s
45.250 hags. Including September, at C 703
C .5c: D-c^mber. 6.9597c; January. 7.10c;
March. «f6.25c; May. 7.4Ce7.45c; July. 7.60
6»-t.JC. Spot Rio, stead v; mild, steady
ST. GAR— Raw. firm: fair refining. 3*ic": cen
trifugal. 9* test. 4 5-18c; molasses sugar 34c
Reaned. 'Btronr: No. ?(. 4 ?5c- Vo 7 ' 4 ROr-
No. «, 4.75c: No. 9. 4.70c; No. 10 "4 65c- \a"
11. 4.60c; No. 12, 4 55c; No. 13 4 50?' Vo
iVft^ -45c ; on ; e * t ' on «n>' A. 5.10c: mold * a!
CHEESE— Quiet. Ur.char.ced
EGGS— Firmer. **;**?>&*
UR1ED FRL1T.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Mark-t holds
steady, rotm-itlwtandlng the light demand
common are quoted at 4g3iic- uriir» ¦>«¦*»
4^'" '*"<*• '%'->%
FKlfttS — Continue more or le?s unsettled
Reported that no purchases cf Importance can
be made at «otne of the lower quotation, re
cently received from the coast, but buyer,
are holding off la the expectation that the
large stjppl.es will eventually cause still lower
prices. Quotation* ran S - from 2c to e£e Vc
conJitr to rrad*. **
APRICOTS-Less active, but prices are
maintained. Choice sre quoted at OUSlOe
ttSSg££SB2£ "Xi "SSrL:
choice held at Sc and fancy at 0^9%e.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 1.— Tla was higher again
to-day In London at an advance to £\ n i "¦
for spot and £124 15s for futures, while snot
closed at f27 20S27 40 in the local market
Copper was easier in the Lcndon market,
clokiag at £37 Is for spot and at £57 2 B ad
for futures. Locally copper was unchanged
with lake quoted at |12 62%@12 73; electro^
lytic. $12 5CS12 75; casting. $12 37%S1" 50
Lead was unchanged at £11 12a 6d la Lon
don and at $4 2094 30 in the local market
£pe!ter closed firm at S5Q5 15 in the 1-cal
market, but was a little Cull In London
where it closed at £22 15*. '
Iron c!os;d at 61s 9d In Glasgow and at
42s 10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
uncharged and quiet. No.. 1 foundry, north
ern. $13 75^14 25; No. 2 -foundry, northern
J13 23-JJ14 2C: No. 1 foundry, southern and do
•oft. «L3 60613 75.
New York Copper Market.
i£EW TORK. Sept. 1. — Exports of copper for
the month were 24.431 ten*: ro far for the
yea/. 157,9€5 ' tons, against £2,880 tons for the
| CATTLE. SHEEP A>T) HOGS. !
CHICAGO. Eepf_ 1.— On the Produe* Ex
change, to-day the butter market waj firm.
Creameries, 14©10c; dairies. 12%ei6c. Eggs.
steady at mark, cases included. 14%©16«i^-
Cheese, steady, 8 ©9c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Railroad bonds were strong. Tctai saies.
par value, juggregatel $3,645,000.
' NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Mutton &. Co.. 490 California street.
Saa Francisco, metnbers of tha New Yor*
Stock Exchange, furnish, th* lo'.'.owlss offlciai
qtiotaUoBa of that Exchasse:
Sales. ! Stoclu — ;High;Low.| Bi4.| Ask.
! Aaanis Express. 4..:..; # '2t5 ',2i0
13.00<"> Am&lg Copper. ..i 57?gl 5»$%[ ixi*i ; 5-i T s
|Aa Caa Co ! | 4%i •*»
j Do pfd 1 t *6%j 46H
600 Aa Car & F Co.! 19 i 15»i! 15"»1.19^
i i-"o pfd [ i 79 ( 79%
100|Ara Cottoa Oil.. S2%l 32% I 32% 1 L'2?i
; Do pfd... -...- ! 91 I S3
IAjs Disc Tel ' ! 22 j 23
lAia Ex J210 1230
Grass T Co. 3 j o
iAm Hide A L... .'..: 3H! <"4
- Do pf4 13 ¦ 21
'Amice .-*. «>S! « T s
100- Do pfd.... 26%| 26%; 2CS! 2«%
!Axa Linseed [. | 13 i 14V»
I I>o pfd.. I i 35 J 36
LlOO.Aia Locomotive. 21 20%; 20% j 20%.
Do pfd.... ' ; S9%t tH»»*
JAia Malt i 4 f 5
i Do prd i IS 21
S.CO0 S Ara 5n!t ft R Co 64^ «4 ! o4'~4t 64%
300^ Do pfd 1 107 106 •»; 106*% 107
3.100 Am EiLgar il32 [Ulf«[l31%(Ut%
I Do pM ,'134 1136
Am Tel A Tel Co | ,137%;133
Aa Tob pfd '13J>%;1«>%
'Am Wcclea J ! 13 14
j Do pM \ SI |M.
lOOAnaconda 79 | 79 77^| 79
iAna Arbcr , [ 27 j 2S
.......I Do pfd «.'.... 57»i! 59%
7.20<> t A T & S F S1U1 Wkl S0*«| T »
; i do cfd ; ! MM os%
4.7C0,Balt L Ohio 1 87% S6H K * 7X «
....... Do pMi 82 j 83%
Bay S:ata Gaa... | HI S
15.900B R T | 55H 644 54%; 54»i
'.Brooklyn Un Gas :215 ,220
'Canada Southern ! 1 «3»3%| 67%
1.300^ Do pfd 1124% 124K 124% 124?s
S.9n0C&O I 33% 3SS W» 3»
l.lOC'C & A 41% 41ii 41% 42
C & A pfa S2 M
1.30OC & G W 15% 15% 15t;i 15%
! Do pfd A :.... BH M
) Do pfd B 22J4| 2S
Do pfd debs ¦-.. Sl%»! «
SMC A N W lR7«i!l87 1S7%;15>»
23.t«OC M <t St P....:iS5* 4 !l54 I154SH54V,
] Do rfd 1S2 1S2%
63.6C0C, R I & P. n»w 27% 25 *i 27 27%
4.&00; Do pM Kfr «S «OT, .0
j Do 4s -. 73«; 75U 75** 76
'Chicago Terminal 6% CSV, 6%
I.OOOi Do pfd 13 12% 13 14
2.300Chi ITnlon Tract 6U 7«ij 7*« 7T*
Chi Union Trpfd j 36% 39%
200C C C A St L...| 7SH "S n% 7S»4
'CCC&StLpfd! .....107 10S
CIev« Lor & W. 52 54
,'aeve L A W pfd' ! 70 74
400 Colo F A I I 36% 3« -36%* 37
'Colo F A I pfd. «0 ' €3
! CV>lura H C * I W^t 13
Colo South 15»» 16U
¦ tCol South l!>t pfd 49 50
Ccl South 2d-pfd 21% 21%
l.GOO Consol Gas 19«% 195% 1S5SJ1»«%
3,-"i0ft Cont Tob Co pfd. '123 121»g 1122^ 1122%
20« v Ccrn Products...) 13 13 13 13U
»«0C,Ccrn Prod pfd..| 70 €&*i 89 70
2,«» Dela A Hudson.. 164 163 163*4 1«4
ID L & vT : 270 !274
400D A R G 24?, 24*» 25. ! 25» a
Sa^D 4: R G pfd... 77 76% 76%] 77
Des M A Ft D..1 23 SO
Detroit L'clcn Ry 60 6S
Detroit Southern. 1 2S 2'i
Detroit South pfd 4% 4H
K» Di«ul!ing !>ec 26% 2« M'« 2«%
Distilling See Bd» 6<5 66*4
IDuluth S S A Al 6% S
100 Dul S S A A pfd.! 12 12- 11% 12%
«.900Erie 29% *S\i 2<5*,! 2K%
4.%00 Erie lft pfd C5%! 64% e5 65^
2.40i>Kr;e 2d pfd 41H! 40% +1 -"H
IE * T H 1 59 6ft
E * T H pfd (..... SO" S5
CW> General Electric. 1166 165 ,IV> !»»%
Grt Northern pfd ' [170 I1S3
Green On* Cop !..-.( 1<H 14*4
Havana Tob Co 1 • 29 I ?.l
'Hav Tob Co pfd I ¦ 41S 42%
700 Hocking Val I 84*i HH «=i Mi
2C0 Hocking Val pfd. S» M% mv fo
1.400. Illinois Central..! 137% j 137 1137»; 137%
40<^Inter Paper I 14%,! 14%| 14*, 14%
1. 1C0 Inter Paper pfd..! 75 ! 74 1 7»i; 74%
•inter Power ....[ ! I 33' :<S
400'lnter Pvirap .-....! 29 t 2Sa»r »>;l 29
i Inter Pump pfd.. j 7« I 77%
2DOIc«-a Central ... 22'«i 22 22 I 22>,
ano'Iowa Cen pfd...! 42%! 42»4 42 i 42%
COO K C F P A M pfdl 76%| 76 76 76L
K C Bouth i 23S 24 "¦
W0KC Scuth pfd.-l 45%! 45% 45U| 4«
IKeckuk A Des Mi !•--:• 14'«! 14%
Laclede Gas | ! 1 90 'lt«
IOC Lake E Jk W } 30 I 30 I 23 I 30
(Lake RAW pfd' \ f 85 ' I 83
'Lor.g IsUnd > . . .. .\ : ! H\ I Ct
1.300'Lcuia A Na*h.» .!l21H!120%!120%l!21
3C0|Manhsttaa JIM |154Sil5**'*ilI3
14.0<r. Metn-pcllt St Ry!l2O illS ilis%ill<,i;
S.300 Mexican Ceatrall 12%| ll»i] 12 112%
200,Minn A Et L...| 56%! 55 ! 63 | SS'
I Do 1st pfd I SS »?
200'M. StP & S S M! 73%j 72%! 73 ! 7-Vi
¦ Oo Pfd I.....' !12%%|129
•.50f»|Mo. Kaa A Tex. 22'^! 21*^ 22 I 22%
SOOJ Do pfd 47 ! 48*: 47 \ 47%
6,100 Ml»?oul Pacific. 97V M% P7 97*1
INash. C A St t, 121 [122H
200Nationai I>ad...] 23%! 23 23 ! 23%
200' Do pfd M 195% 95t;| 8«
iNtl R R of Mex! 4 I 5
200, Do pfd .-1 37 364 36% 37%
200 National Biscuit. | 47^4 47 | 47 j 47>-i.
200 ! Do pfd !10S% 10K%il05%iIC*»i
iNew Jersey Cea.j.....{ 168 169
IN T Air Brake.]..... Jl3*%;139
1.100' New Tork Cen. .1123 122 (122% 123
200 N T. C * St L. 32 1 31 I 30 I 32%
I Do 1st pfd.... I 93 I »7«;j OS I *S%
1C0. Do 1*4 pfd ( C5%( 65Ui B3 ! r,3u
|N T. N H A H.| I....:ilS7%!lS9%
1.400 N T. Ont A W.I 3t>il 31 t 3iul 31'*
Z300 Ncrfclk A Weetl 67*4' 67%! «7?»! f3
I Do Pfd ! 6S 81
'North American'.... 192 93
[Northern Sees... !lO3% 104%
Onsaba ..140 143
V.j Do pfd .1 |^0 1S3
O S L 4s j w*i 97%
'Pac C"st 1« pfd. I 95 105
I Do 2<! pfi J 73 74
'Pacific Mall | "... 2S?i 29%
16.700 Penn R It Co...!125%!124«iH25*, 125%
2,700 People's Ga» U02%|102 *102 102%
Pressed SU Car] 22 Hi 32 122% 32%
I Do pfd 1 77 77%
Pultaian Pa! Car! I... ..1215 1219'
5O ( Ry steel Spriags 20», 19% 19% 20
I Do pfd 791-r 79V
22.700. Reading I «2t,| «H «%! 61%
•••- — I Do 1st pfd. ...| !..„. 64% 8i5»
S.O00 Do 2J pfd.....! 74i; I 74 ( 74 1 74%
1.700'P.»publ!-? S A I. 7»il 7% , 7HI "%
3.40OI Do pfd 144% 44 44 | 44%
300 Rubter Goods...! IS 17% 17^11 jjj'
100' Do pfd 1 &2 S2' 82' S2H
ISloss. S S A I Co'.. 37% 5s%
Do prd 87 * M^
St JAG I lft if
j Do Jrt pfd 49 51 .
I Do 2d pfd 25 2«
...... 4£tL&S F l*t praj 71 74*
2.2C«'Stt,tS F 2d p!d! TO^t 5SH ZUK. 53%
2.1C0:St L & S W 2©%| 19 2fiH zq£
2.fiC^! Do pfd 4H»j 4OS4 42% 45«i
C2.5Cil Southern Pacific! R7U 5C%( 56=4 5CU
.......!S P Ry pfd U13U ilSVmi; H3«I
li.7r>0.Sot:thern Ry ... 29»i 2SS' 23 £9Vi
I.6C0! Do pfa 95 9*4 65 05%
(Standard OH ...I , . . . . C23 /-\ GT3
tataadard R AT '.. r.i.. us
40O:Tean Coal A I..J 45% 44«4 45 45U
jTexas P L T Co 29% 32'
?.COO' Texas Pacific .... 31 - 30?i CCS 30?;
(Third Avenue ...» 123- 123'
,-.<X> Toledo Et L t W 2»U 28 23U Z9
C,2i/» Do pfd . .. 47 46 t$% 47%
rOt" Twin City R T.. 97?, 07% OS 0S%
I Do pfd ...;.-....... .....15« 158%
13,S00;Unloc Pacific ... 39 8714 &S^ 35^
j Do pfd 83 I 04
Do Ccnv 4s I04~il:05 .
lUaited Copper... ..... ...V. S fjl •
United' R of S F|.v.Y 13 - | 15
1 Do rrfd .*.;.i.:... r«5 07
Ho 4s-...:...'. 1 j 84 S4%
I,2O0',U S Cart- I P... IMi 10% 10% lO^i
1,300 Do ufd ... 56%l 55% M 57 ..
tU S Express I... ..[US 1121
; - ; ,; V/all Street Tips. j
Tb* wlr*» of E. T. H-Kton ft Co. from Wall I
¦cre«t reax *raay saia:
.' -"Tfce cywmri raoverseEt ia the rtook is»rfc*t ¦
to-da/ waa on a r*r^=.rUaa of sore active .
Ocr&tioaz by ti* '.eaiicg ball iaterr«is ac4 J
rurtier raUer icr"e«sjve liqcidarcn by th« i
"wvaierB speculative ccatiac^at aai c'.lqno j
broker*. There were rw partlrs'.ariy re» &•- \
.ve^>ps:«it» :a lie general sifjaaia. Tfce wheat j
*»3 csrc re>art c= :£• ICUi u^taat Is gen- j
¦«rar.r expected ta iha*- further deteriorauca.
Th# tea&ascy Is cleaj-iy an advarcisg oce.
-.¦We ;«e! Usax tie osly uncertain thl=g la the j
•lrjanoa th« crcps. IX tie corn crop were
•af«s «_-o the cottoc crop suffer* na further
-:s;airs>esx we caa s^e ca.y one •!d» t» stocks.
But xbm ciartcet zmx goce mo much beyond
. -what acy oae couli expect that opialos* ar« ;
¦ "jtU* u»«- Oaa «tcck after aaother is takea j
j»" tsc aivaaced ia tara. Oeaeral coiuliucas
•»»e=i io be igroreJ. but at tha direreat aJ- j
' j-ran^-TtrT few <c_c -ij csaa oxit. ApparentJy, 1
?»n-^« acciie--j. the =»rk*t wfll »-l! higher.--' ,
, - - -£e N«w Tork ££ocit Exctaate and Cotton j
¦ aai '^oi^ee tx^tanrea wiU b« closed Saturday, j
'•6ej-.es-.bo- 3. aa weU as ea Mcaday. Se?te=ber
:6— Lftber day.
Government F:tr.ds Here.
'¦ < Jc!l«a- Jac©ba. Aselstaat Treanarer nt th« !
¦^rrlted S-.8t«s at Saa Fraacis<». report* the
caeh or. hand is. the Sut -Treasury at tt« c!os«
.. cf bcsia«s» ca August 81. aa follows :
¦ Ualted States setes $t,lW 00
Trearcrr aates of l«0 3.CS0 00
'." NaUocaJ "bani notes 1S.2SO CK>
Odd c*rS2c*:es S.140 00 ;
• fj'.ver certicates 60.633 &>
OoiU coia 21.941. S0« 55
«i!ver (Solars 30,M3.»22 Q~>
fufcsidiary silver c-la 473.^5(5 25
.V-.£or ce!n 26.353 24
•Tractloaa: curresry 14 SS
• Is'.»a l «»t paid: F\in4*<i loarj cf
K7T. 19O*. 1925. 1308-191S and
cotrsoVi oi 1W0 432 ©0 j
: . Total $53,353,803 25 j
F^T7-«-» 1= Aurast —
'Sraciard r.!t-er -lol^rs $22\000 ;
¦. :• -« -'- •-'.: vilver coin -i* '53
~* •¦¦•*? VOX
.. ...................
Stocks of Grain.
H»cry C "Banker. ' chief graia inspector of
"th» M*-"har:r»' r.xrhaare. report* Ktocks of
Crmln-' tn resruJar war*b*«u»e and ca wharf
eeptessber 1 as follow*, m tons:
.-•—-- m^m Wheat. Barley
.Pert <-r«a, Augwt 1 7.1M «.»*«
perf Catta. Fn>»eab#r 1.... U.4*> 25.335
Btafckton. Acr3« I..1 !5.*52 7.197
Si'tktcri. Fepterar^r .1 3X339 I1.C14 I
' f«j« rtaarl»c». Asgust 1 R53 2.212 1
oari Frasflsco. 5*rtesber 1. 4.O50 3.431
E«ar.s.
• . Oata. Ore. Brsa. Sack?.
.JLTirsrX I.. «4 2^5 4.17 CJS41
iF.<ct*asber 1...... \VA 4S8 59« 64.493
-. -Rivypxs in Aar"' w»r» 1".441 tons wheat.
.16*'*') *rr# har>y. 3191 tors oats. JS4V tons
-.c-.m. 1M* ".r.i rran a=4 SOJSS^saeka beaaa.
Oregc:: Crop Bulletin.
., : T:' reftri ct Edward A. Real*, section 41
_-'re^-tr. Vn!te3 Sixths 'v\>aiher Burtau. for the
*'Or«««?r, Cr<»jy Bulletin for the w«ek ended Ati
: .r»-« 3* U a. follow,:
•_. .-Teroratle' tetnperatcpe* prevailed during
¦;tz* w«*k,- whirji was dry . up to the evecir.g
'¦n'. Uj« nth. when cloudiness increased acl
,:fhc'*»n .and thur.derttcris* occurred nearly
\ »-«rj-m-he!» in the northern pcrt:oa cf the
""f-tte. .The rains were rather light ia the
' .\il'.e.ys. tut fairty rood amounts fell in the
-f'o-h:::« and tnouataias. These rales cleared
•tr.# atnioephere of smoke and were bet"»flcia!
•; to.- !at* .crops, but taar* rain is needed for
:".;. 1^.'**^**^ gardens and pesturage.
¦• -.."Vi>*."All wheat crop has be*n cut threshed
..*r.<J a 'i-p. part of it hauled to the ware
; rotsee. It turned out very satisfactorily in
flearfy aZl parts of the State. Spring wh-at
-."¦•i-tlng is well along, and la th» WKlammt
'¦*'¦¦* Y '-'- Is j-racticaily corEpleted and mostly
•mH rtrrshed. Spriag wheat as! oat* are yield
.ing hetter thaa expected earlier in the season.
:t.jfboti}'cropa are below tbe average in quaa
:xttJVrtbattS< above average in quality. Com
.- j • doiag remarkably w»:i acd that planted
?a.-:y la now being hant-ned. Hops are ci
firing rather slowly ard picking will cot
..becc-rre gecerai catil nrxt week. The crop
¦ irosslne to b« lighter than last yar but with
rivorahle weather from now on the- quality
. »t;i ?•¦ai'5'v* tb* a\-erag«L Pasturage is very
;:«hort and. except in tide lacd sectioas dairy
'.- -rla hare to te fed about as races' aa in
riiiwirt«r ia order to keep up the Cow of
".'.' "Xvs&*» aad peacie* are ripe aad plentiful
Is 'tt* s^rket. French jsmaea will vieid a
¦fu;l crop, but tb« Italians are tie Ug'hest ia
-years." .
CHICAGO, Sept. 1. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady: No. 2
spring wheat, $1 103>l 14; No. 3, $1 0231 10;
No. 2. red. $1 0Si;@l 09%: No. 2 corn. 64e: No.
2 yellow. 55%©56c: No. 2 oats. 32%o; No. 2
white. 34c: No. 3 white. 32£34c; X©. 2 rye.
71%c; good feeding barley, 37$3S%c; fair to
choice malting. 43352c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 1S%:
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 25% • mess pork, per
barrel. $11 20«ll 25; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 97%
67; short , ribs sides (loose). $7 23®7 37%;
chort .clear sides (boxed). $3 2598 60; whisky.
basis ef high wines. $1 28; clover, coetract
grade. $12.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,900 20,800
Wheat, bushels 170.000 80.900
Corn, bushels 412.700 385,500
Oats, bushels 253,800 173,100
Rye. bushels.... 9.000 900
Barley, bushels. 19.200 6,700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
per cent on the common stock, payable Sep-^.
tember 13. - * ¦
I At the last meeting of the- Joint eommitte* - .
j of the San Francisco Stock Exchange aad ta« ' '.
Saa Francisco and Toaopaa Mining Exchaags; .
I to consider consolidation of the two exchanges,
l: was decided to report back agalsst amalga>
I matlon. ' • '.••-¦.
j Th» Angto-Califontian Bank. Limited, will
: disburse a reguiar s«ral-anauai dividend at the.
1 rat- of 8 per cent per annum this mocta. .
I The London. Parts a=.i American Bank. Llrr.-'
! lted. will pay this month a regular temi-asacal
t dividend at the rats of S per cent per acsum.-
I Stock and Bond Sales.
: Sales on th» Stock aad Boad Sxesanx* ta
. Augiwt Trer* ma follow*: '
Hax and Feedstuff s.
Stocks of Bran in warehouse and on wharf
September 1 were 596 tons, against 457 tons
August 1. The market for Feedstuff s shows
no further change
Receipts of Hay. whlU still large. wer» mor«
moderate yesterday. The market stood pre
cisely as before, being depressed for everything
except the very choicest grades.
BRAN— $20 5OS21 50 per too.
MIDDLINGS— $24$29 per ton
SHORTS— $20 50@21 BO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23«23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@££ 00;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. $22»23: Corn
Meal. $30 5063160; Cracked Com. $31 £32;
Mixed Feed. $22©22 50: Horse Beans. 130^.0
per -ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
" HAY— Wheat. »S€12 80. with $13313 50 for
extra fine: Wheat and Oat $S@12: Oat, $7 5O@
10 50; Barley and Oat. $7£9; Volunteer Wild
Oat $6 60@S 50; itacl« $7@S 50; stock. $C@7;
Clover. $7 50©9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 p«r ton.
STRAW— 35g37 %c per bale.
Provisions.
Th« market continues quiet and feature-.ess.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Huttoo * Co. yes
terday said: "There seemed toss selling pres
sure, probably dne to tfce fact that September
liquidation is pretty well over. There tu
some foreign buying of Lartl and some
baying by local traders and scalpers. We
cannot see any accumulation of tons stuff
going on in good places. Xaturally the selling
pressure will be somewhat less, *a the Sep
tember staff is cleaned up and a moderate re
action would seem likely. Before advising
purchases, however, we would . rather se« a
better class of baying."
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per Id for
heavy. He for light medium, 13t4e for light.
14c for extra light and lie for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. lOUc; Bellies, imc;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. lie: Cali
fornia Hams 13c; Meas Beef. SlOeiO SO per
bbl; extra Mesa, $11311 W: Family $12212 50;
prlma Mess Pork $14 50: extra clear. $-?;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 9»ic: Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Be-f. lis per In.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6Hc per Ib for
compound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrals.
pvre. 8«4c; 10-lb tins, lOfcc; 5-ib tins. 10*ic;
3-lh tins lOHc
COTTOLENEJ— One half barrel. 8*ic: thre»
half barrels. 8\ic: on« tierce. $\%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. "lie per la. I
Beans and Seeds.
Slight changes In Pink and large White
Beans will be observed. Llm&s are reported
still firmly held, with sales at $3 85. There
are no other changes to report. The stock in
regular warehouse and on wharf September 1
was 54.492 bags, against 63.S41 bags August 1.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35^2 50: Pea. $3; But
ters. $2 75^3: small White. $2 90*93 10; largs
White S2 30^2 50; Pink. $3 50£3 €0; Red. $4;
Lima, $3 S0£3 85; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eyes. %2 50'42 60 per ctl; Hors* Beam. $2 23.
SEEDS — Brows Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25: Flax. $1 9062 25: Canary. 6%
©Tc; Alfalfa. 159153;c: Rape. 1%82%c: Timo
thy. 5?ic; Hemp, 3Vi®3%c per lb: Millet. 2%
©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $2£2 25; new Green
Peas. $2g2 25. per ctl.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hop*.
The local Hop trade quot* still higher prices
for 1904 goods, but say that contracting, which
has lately been active, is now quletlag down,
as the growers are too busy picking to devote
much time to buyers They prefer to wait
until the Hops are baled and ready fcr mar
ket before- doing any spot business. Th«
Weather Bureau reports. a« will be. seen In
the first column; that the Oregon crop will
be lighter than last year, but that with favor
able weather from now on tha quality will
be above the average.
HIDES AND SKINS — Calls and brands s«M
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c: llcht. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and S%c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, she'arliags. 25fJ
40c each: short Wool, 4&3e5c each: medium.
7&g!K>c; long Wool. $161 50: Horse Hides, salt
$2 75 for large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 25
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skin* —
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salted Mexican. 23e; dry
Central American. 30c. Gcat Skins — Prime An.
goras. 75c: extra large do. $1 23; large and
smooth. 50c; medium 35c- small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S4 £c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%§3c
WOOLr— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9311c; Southern, 8©9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9311c; Middle Counties, free 12314c;
£0. defective lO'glSe; Northern free. 12014c
do. defective, 10©12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino 14<81Sc per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop firm at 25®2So per Ib
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Under continued light receipts and less lib
eral offerings of carrfed-over stock the mar
ket for river Potatoes had a little better tone
*and cheap stock brought a slight advance.
Salinas Burbanks were reported steady, while
Sweet Potatoes declined sharply under greatly
increased receipts^ Onion* ruled weak at un
changed prices, with supplies exceosive.
Changes in miscellaneous vegetables wer*
slight. Tomatoes continued to arrive freely
and ruled weak, with the canners and catsup
manufacturers buying old lots at the lnstda
quotation*. Lima Beans were suddenly plen
tiful and prices ranged lower. Garlic and tha
best offerings of Green Corn were steady,
while the other vegetables ¦ were generally
weak.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 6O3
*Qc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1^1 25 perctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles 755S3c;
Sweet Potatoes, $.1§1 50 per ctl.
ONIONS— $101 13 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green • Corn, 75c©$l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans. 152c per
lb: Lima Beass. -Jfiac per lb; Tomatoes, la??
35c per box for riv*r and 20©50c for. bay: Sum
mer Squash, 20©35c per box: Cabbage, 75c per
ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 20£3£c
per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4
@4%c per lb; Egg Plant, 25€4Oc per box; Dried
Peppers, -nominal; Green Okra. 25340c per
box: Green Peppers. 254? 40c per box; Mar
rowfat , Squash. $15@20 per ton.
Trtf Dw .
No. lag Uanth.
BONDS. Shares I '
Sold. Low.l HJsi ¦
U 8 Government 1PO{ J105
Associated OU Co 44.000 70
Bay Counties Powar Co 13.0COJ102 102%
Cal Central Gaa and Electric lO.OOOf..... 103
Cal Gas ft Elee gen m tt ct 37.000' S4% M*
Hawaiian Coral and Sugar. 60.000. 9»% 10O*a
L03 Angeles Railway Co... B2.OC<VU5% 11*%-
Los Angeles Lighting Co.... 4.000{ 102**
L A P R R 1st coa mtg.... •.OOOUCO 103%,
Market-si Catla Co 4.000/ 114
Market--: Ry lat con mtg. . 10.00OJ115 U»
Northern Ry Co of Cal 2.0CO) 105%
Northern Ry Co (of Cal) 9.0W 11*
North. Pacifle Coast R R.. 4.000| 106
North Shore R R 1102% "
Oakland Gas. Light aad H LOOM 107»» -
Oakland Transit Co ; »,O(»JllS<l 119H
Oakland Transit 7,0CO| 110% U0\ .
Oakland Traaelt Cobs 8.000.102% ,108
Pacific Electric Ry Co 32.00O 104% ilO*
Park and Ocean R R 1.0CW 114?*.'
Sacramento E G & Ry 26.0C0 1 99H'lOO.. -
I F ft S J Valley 10.C00 117%'UtH
Sierra Railway of CaJ 6.000' 105 1109%.
S P R R of Arizona (1909). 81.000:107% 107%
S P R R of Arizona (1319). 33.00O'lCS%!l0$*t
S P R R of Cai. series A.. 10.C00- 103H
S P R R of Cal 7.0001 114**.
S P R R of Cal (stamped) 42. 000- 106% 109%
S P Branch Ry of Cal.... l«.0OOU32%!l33i*
Spring Valley Wat, 1st mtg, lft-COOawiVlO?^
Spring Valley Wat. 2d mtg. 60.000! 98% lCO^i
Spring Valley Wat. 3d mtg. 12,000* 93 90%-
S V Water Co. gea rat* I 13.0001 9i 88%.
Water stocks^ — | ' " •
Contra Costa MM ST%
Spring Valley Water Co 1.315' 36% 3»W
Gas and Electric Stocks — I . I . -
Central Light and Power.. 250j 3*4 3% -
Mutual Electric. Light T5i 12 1?%-
San Francisco Gas and Elec l.SCOi 60. 61%.
Insurance Stocks — ¦"':
Firemen's Fund 4A- 319>
Bank Stocks^ — I I . • ¦ : '
American National Bask.. 60 125 127%.
Anglo-Califomian (limited). 4» ...;. Wl • ;¦
Bank of California U ..... 42»-.V
Cal Safe Deposit ft Trust. 10 Ut ¦ '
Street Railroad Stocks — . . '
California ICO*..... 19t'i-
Presidio 5...... 40V*
Powder Stocks — ' I. ' : .. : . : :
Giant Consolidated Co 230' 66 «1 .-.-:•
sugar Stccks — j •_ " ¦
Hawaiian Coml and Sugar.. l.OOt «2%! -3SJ-- '
Honokaa Sugar Co 4.340. 12 I4;1t ¦
Hutchlssnn Sus Plantation! 3.910' S l^Si :
Kllauea Sugar Plantation...! 150[....< -3."
MakaweU Susrar Co 1.4«)i 123% 27ii .
Onomea Sugar Co ". . . 400J 17 t 30 •.
Paauhau Sugar Plantation. . 2 425' l-i' 4 !'"¦¦•.'-* "
MIjceHaneous Stocks — ! I I •
Alaska Packers' Assn ] 405 123 lISS •
Cal Fruit Canners* Assn...! 103; 9714-99 "
Cal Wine Association.. j 3W; 79 S»/
Oceanic Steampship Co.... I '50..'... 4
Pafiflc Coast Borax Co ! 7S*135 137. "
Pacific States Wi Tel CoJ " Vi, -103"
All conditions remain as before. The mar
ket continues well supplied.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— &Q'a for Steers and 4{J5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6©Sc; small. S89c per lb
MUTTON — Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. &37c
per Ib.
LAMB — 8%©9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6JJSc per lb.
- LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The fallowing quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco les« 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
1 CATTLE — Steers. 7U®7%c: Cows and
Heifers. 5^i©6%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVE3 — it*4%c per U> • gross weighO.
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3f 4 c; Ewes. Z&Ula
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5^32 73 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c
2CO to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%c
over 25O lbs. 4V»c: »oft Hegs. not Wanted-
Sows. 20 ptr cent off; Boars. 5O per cent oft.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions-. ;;"?'
Poultry, and Game.
The Poultry market had a little easier tone,
as retailers were apparently well supplied and
were not purchasing as freely. - Receipts, how
ever. 'were, mode rate and prices of all descrip
tions were well maintained. - The car of
\Ve3tern that was expected bad not arrived up
to a late hour. Game was firm and un
changed. . . ¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@lSc per lb
for old and 22$24o for young; Geese,
per pair. $1 75©2: Goslings. $23? 25;
Ducks. $484 50 per dozen for old and $4 5»
€5 50 for young; Hens. $4 50f?5 for small
and $5 50(^5 for Large: young Roosters. $5 50
66; old Roosters. $i@4 50; Fryers. $4@4 50;
Broilers. $2 5093; Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50fH 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen. ¦
Butter", Cheese and Eggs.
Th^re was no further advance in Butter and
the demand was reported rather slower. Stocks
were not excessive, but additional supplies
from the north will be on the market to-day
or to- morrow, which Inclines the large buyers
to hold off.
The feeling in Cheese Is decidedly weak and
tr<* demand is slow, while stocks are too »«•»••'?.
The demand fcr ranch Eggs was much lignt_ r
yesterday, as the recent advance has en-, k-a
the retail consumption and shifted the public
off to Eastern and | cold storage goods. - which
they are now generally using. Dealers report
an active business in both these latter de
scriptions at steady prices and say that fresh
ranch are dragging. This statement is general
all over the street. Eastern ar# coming in
every day and quite a number of cars are ex
pected in during the next few days, ta there
is no scarcity.
Receipts were 23.7CO lbs Butter, 655 cases
Eggs and 62.C00 lbs Cheese. ' -. . , • -:
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 25%0
2ti%c for extras and 21^25c fcr firsts; dairy.
19<g22%c; 9tore Buuer. 15©-l£c; Eastern cream
ery, 1946^2Oc; v Eastern ladle-packed, 14315%c
per lb. .
CHEESE: — 9S10c for choice mild new and
• 8S%c for lower grades; Young Americas. 11®
llVfec: Oregon. SglCc; Eastern, 10f?16c P«r lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 34c for large white selected.
32%g33%c fcr choice and 3ng33c for com
mon; cold storage. 27&2SC: store. 25<g2ic;
Eastern, 25®2tk: for firsts. 21g22%c for seconds
and 2Og21c ¦ for bakers'.
I LOCAL MAEKETS.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bag?. $5 1&85 25; San Quen
tln. $4 73: Wool Bass. 3O#32c; Fleece Twine
7%c: Fruit Bags. 6%tT7%c for whlta and 7c
for brown jute.
COAL. — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $3; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $S 50-
Beaver Hill. $."> 50; Rcelyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 CO: Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg $13;
Welsh Lump. $1150; Cannel. $9 per ton-
Coke. $11 50$ 13 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $S 50 per
short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels- for case*
add 5c: Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
Me for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 *70c:
Bakers" AA. cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol 50e for
boiled and 49c for raw; China Nut cases.
65§S0e r«r gallon: Cocoanut Oil, In barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil CSc: natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter "Whal*
Oil. 57c; natural Whale OH 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No_- 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neat afoot Oil
(Cc; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring OU.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c- raw
Fish OU. 35c; boiled Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c: '
. COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. 19%c-
Star 19%c:'Extra Star. 24c; Elaine 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline In bulk.
16c: in cases. '^:%c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c- fci
cases. 19%c: S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels. .
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead 7US
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7US7*4c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed «.25c-
Powdered. 6.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet * Granu
lated <1PO-Ib bags only). : Confectioners*
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 3 50c*
Golden C, 5.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; SO-Ib
bags. 10c more for am kinds. Tablets Half
barrels. 6.50c; boxes, «.75c; H. A. E. Crystal
Dominos. 9c F*r "- No orders taken for less
than seventy- five barrels cr its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER L
Flour, qr sks .. .7,529! Feed, ska 240
Wheat, ctls 3.6«7| Tallow, ctls ... 212
Barley, ctls.... 7.3«;j Leather, rolls .. 117
Oats ctls l.OKI Hides. No 455
Beans, sks! tsn. Pelts. No. ..... 2.<H')
Potatoes, sks .. 6.CT0! Lime. bbls.... *4g-»
Onions, sks ... 122! Paper, reams .. I.270
Bran. ska. <W Wir.e. gals ...; S3 0.V)
Hay. tons $7l!Sujar. ctla .... BOO
Woo!, bales ... 95! ° W
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 9.1S0J
STOCK MAKKET.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.*""
THURSDAY. Sept. 1—3 p. .0. :
UNITED STATES BOND?. WnSfl
Bid. 'Ask. I Bid. Ask; '
4s qr c«yjp..l07 107»«'4s qr cp new. 131*, 133% •
4a qr r»g. ..1O5 l<*»»!'3s qr coup. . .105%105^'
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co 83.115* 113 1£.
Asso Oil 8s. 70 70V»! Do 5s 110%.— ;
Bay CPC 5s. 100 — V Do con is. — 103 -"
Cal C G Ss.102 102%! Oceanic S 5»- — 73 ..
Cal G A E g I Om Cabl* 6».122 . — •.
m & ct 5s. 81% — i Pac G la 4s. 94 ¦ — *
Cal-st C 5s.ll2% — P E Ry 5s..l(HTi — " •
C C Wat 5s. — - IP4CH Cs.103 — . • •
EdL & P 6e.l22 — IP & O R «a.U4 — '
F A C H 6«. — — Powe!l-st «a. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Sac EGiR-'s. 99% r- '¦ '•
H CAS 5%a. - - SF* SJV3*.lia —
Do 6s 100%101 Sierra R i*..lC9% — .
Hon R T e».106*»107 S P of A t*
L A E'.ec 5s. — — O9C9> 1«% — .
LARy5s..ll« — U910) 108% — "
L A L Co 6s — — . S P »f C 6s
Do gtd «r. — — (19O5)Sr A. 103% —
Do gtd Ss.103%103 (1905)Sr B.104% —
LAP lem 59.102 .— <1906> .....106\ .
Mkt-st C es.114 — U912) 116SU7%'
Do lem Jta.113% — SPC 1 eg 5S.115H — •
MVft MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd.lC6%ll».
NRR of C6».10«% — i 3 P B R 6*.1» ~". •
Do 5s ....US — IS V Wat ea.104 10«H •
N P C R 5a. — 105%! Do -4s 2dm.lOO — . • .
N C Rr 59. — 112 I Do 4s 3dm. M — • ,
NCPC5S-— 99} Dog mtieta ?VH — "
N S R R 5s.l« 103 (Stkn G«E£a. 93 -— :
OGLAHSs. — 107*i'. U G & E Ss.lOi ->
O W gtd 5s. — 10O 1 •¦•.-". •.
WATER BTOCICS. .
Contra Costa — 39 I Port Coata... — — * .
Marln Co. . . — 60 | S V Wat Co. MTi 8914.
GAS AND BLECT3UG. ' -
Cent L & P. 3% 3\|S F O A E.«l« 61% "
Mutual EL.13 12% Stxa G & EL. — 5H ¦¦
Pac L Co... 37% — ICOtBOk- —^ >
INSURANCE. .
FlrenVs Fnd.300 — | ' ¦ . . • .
1 BANK STOCK 3. B^B
Am NU BV./— 133 L P * A.... — 153
Anglo-Cal .. S6* — Mer Trust... .lliH — .
Bank of Cal. 420 — Merca Ex.... 10 5«4
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F NattaaL — — •
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A &.22S0 2350 Sar 4 L So. . — 100 . .
Hum S & L. — — 9«C Bar Bk..SS0 4M
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Ca.. — —
PTPF-F-T RAILROADS. BBB^W
California ..19« 13» j Presidio — O
Giant «3 C5 I Vlgorit ...«.— •
* SfCQJLR.
Hawaiian C. 5*% «0 I MakaweU C. 28 2814
Honokaa S C 15% 15S,tOnoinea 3 C. 27% 30 -
Hutch SPC lOU l»%IPaauhaa S C. 15% 13%
KlUuea S C. — S f ,. v •¦-"».
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.12«% — I Oceanic S Co. — 4 - .
Cal F C A. 8?%1CO I Pac Aux FA- 4% —
Cal Wine A. *1 — I Pac C Borx.13* —
MV& MtTm. 96 — I Pac 9 Tel Co.101%1«% .
6$>5 Hoaokaa S Co 15 f«
50 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5* 3O •
2<9> MakaweU 23 »
7S Paauhau S P Co 13 25
25 Paauhau S P Co 15 37%
145 Paauhau S P Co 15 50
100 S F Gas & Electric. .".. 61 12%
30 S F Gas & Electric. «1 2*
25 Spring Valley Water Co 39 0O ¦
20 Spring Valley Water Co Xft 1-2%
*5.00O Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 CO .
$2 WO Sac El Gas * Ry 3a. cash 104 CO .
*X«*> SF*SJV5p«r cent 11? {*>
$10.0CO L A P R R ut coa 3s 102 <» •
Street —
50 Alaska Packers* Association... 123 00
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Afide from Figs and Quinces, which wers
in Increased supply and weaker, all descrip
tions of orchard fruits ruled firm under a
steady demand fcr local use and shipping ac
count. Fresh arrivals of strictly fancy Apples
cleaned up promptly and some dealers were
expecting an advance. Peachca were firmer
under light arrivals from all sections, and
fancy frcit frcm the mountain districts readily
commanded a premium. Pears. Plums aad
Prunes were steady at about previous prices.
Melons had the advantage of the warm, sunny
weather and moved off .-freely at good figures.
Table Grapes continued to arrive freely
and. although trade was brisk. there
was quite a surplus unsold at the close.
Several carloads of Zinfandet Win© Grapes
were received from Fresno and Martinez, but
there was no market for them, as local wine
makers have not yet^ commenced to buy. For
Fretno lots SlofilT per ton was asked, but
buyers were not willing to pay over $12 and
dealers refused, to }»art with their holdings at
those figures. Antloch offerings were held at
$l«©20 per ton. but no sales were reported
All kinds of Berrira cleaned up well and prlce3
were . generally higher. Citrus and Tropital
frulta. stood as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5C©4 per chest fcr
large varieties and $4$5 for small Berries
BLACKBERRIES— $2f?3 per chest for or
dinary and $¦« 5C«4 for Santa Crua E«rriea.
¦ RASPBERRIES— $6j?10 per cheat.
HUCKLEBERP.IES— 6Q»c per lb.
¦APPLES— $1 10®l 50 per box for.fanc7. S53
6$1 for choice and 50® 75c for common; Crab
Apples, nominal. ,
• PEARS— Bartletts. $161 25 per box for No.
1 and SOSiic. for No. 2: Winter . Nellls. .$19
1 25: other winter varieties. 5Og?75c per box.
F'UACKES— Small boxes. ,^0^750; carriers.
4CfetT«: open boxes. $1 25fJI 75 for large ard
7i*iSoc for small. ¦ • . " • .
PLUMri AND PRUNES— C0c©S3c p«r crate
and 35$50c per small box; open boxes. 75cQ$l.
.NECTARINES — Nominal.. .
' QUINCES — iCxg'-Oc per box. •
FIGS — Black. 40#50c for small and 75c@$l
for large boxes; A\"hite. 25040c per. box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. TScft^l M per crate;
Nutme? Melons. 40©COc per box; Watermelons.
$2 ZC&* F«r dozen for extra large and $1 25fr2
for ordlnarj*. '
( GR * PES — Small ' bcxe* and crates: Seed
less " 40^50c: Tokay. CO4t7Oc: Muscat, 50£75c;
Isabella C0€90c: Black. SCi560c;' Sweetwater,
35« 50. Large open boxes— Black. C5c«$l;
Tokay. '*1&1, 25; Muscat, S5c£$l 25; Sweet
water. e5fts5c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50(82 75 , per
box for- Valencia*: Lemons. $2 -Z-ti 75 for
fancy* SI 25#1 75 for choice ; and $lgl 25 for
standard; Grape Fruit. S2fi3; Mexican Limes.
$4 5OS5 . per case; Bananas. $1 25<J2 . per
bunch for Central American and 75ci"?51 25 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, ; $2g4 per .dozen.
— : ¦ — — 1 — — *
Future Grain and Proznsions.
j Chicago Board of Trade.
CHICAGO. Sept. 1. — The opening In wheat
was somewhat unsettled, December being down
U©?ic.to.U©»ic higher at $1 0S%. No news
of a positive character - was at band and as
a result traders were somewhat at sea. Dur
ing the' early part of the session the market
was erratic," small trades affecting. prices quite
materially. * In spite of firm cables there waj
considerable disposition among pit traders to
take Profit with • the result that during the
first hour sentiment "favored • the bear*. a
firmer feeling developed toward soon and for
the remainder of the session the market held
at a fair advance. Reports from Paris were
that owing to disappointments In the ' thrash
ings France would . be - an - importer -of wheat.
The market was further strengthened late la
Yesterday Another Active Da\\on
the Bond Exchange.
Yesterday was another good day on the
Stock and Bond Exchange, with a very fair
list' of sales and ; a' rising tendency In - most
of the leading stocks. The sugars again at
tracted the motrt attention and Hbnokaa. rose
to $15 50. Paauhau to- $15 75. Hutchlnson to
?1G 50, Makaweli, to $2S 25 and Hawaiian to
?5s 50. .Alaska Packers* advanced another
point to $12T> end Gas and Electric waa frac
tionally firmer at $61 12%esi 25.
The mining and ¦ oil stocks contlnasd dell. .
-Ex-coupon yesterOay: Bay Counties Power
5s. $2 50: California Gaa and Electric Gen' M.
and C. T. 5«. $2 50; Ferries and ClUt Hous*
«*. $3; Market Street Ral^way 1st Coaa. 5a.
$2 50; Pacific Gas Improvement tj. 51; Powelll
Street . Railway Cs, $3; Spring Valley Wats- Ca
$3: Sprins Valley. 4s (3dt>. -|1;< Stockton Gas
and Electric 6s. $3.. '
¦ Ex-dtvidend yesterday: Oil City Petroleum,
regular monthly, 1 cent per nhare. amounting
to $R0OO; Peerless Oil Company, regular month
ly. 14 ' cents n*r share, amounting ta $14. 000;
Twenty-eight OU Company, regular monthly,
15 cents p*r share regular and 5 cents per
share extra, amounting to S12.0CO.
¦ The California Wine Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of . tio cents p*r
share-, oayable Sentember 10.
. The Federal Mintns and Smelting Company
has declared regular quarterly dividends of
1? A ¦ per cent . or the ¦ preferred stock aad 1)4
Dried FriiitS)Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Tb« special fruit bulletin of ! the'v'Weather
s Exchange and Bullion.
Charges ye«terday were very narrow.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — $4 S3 .
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 SS .
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New Tork Exchange, sight — 00
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — 03%
811ver. per ounce — f> IV)
Mexican Dollars.! — .- 45
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico 21*
Berlin on London 2O.45X
Paris on London 25.25
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher and
Chicago also advanced about lc. The Cincin
nati Price Current was bearish, declaring that
a crop of 675.000,000 bushela was not an Im
possibllity. Concerning th« European crops.
France will show a shortage from last year of
over 50.00O, COO bushels: Germany will have a
fairly good yield of Wheat, but short Rye and
1 Potato crops; Italy will have a shortage of at
lean 25 per cent; and the shortage In Austria.
Hungary *nd Roumanla will run from 25 to 40
per cent: the English crop will not reach above
40.000.000 bushels. "
In this market the cash grain made a gen
eral fractional advance, while. -future* -were
also somewhat higher. .The Utter were active.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, XI 40<81 4SK;* California
White Australian, -¦ $1 55^1 61%; Northern
Club, fl 40©l 4S%; Northern Bluestem. $1 52%
* ie0P * rCtL : .FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a, ra.
/^' Open. "High. 'Low. \ Close.
December ...$1 51 »1 61% $1 61 $1 51%
. , 2 p. ; m. Session. .
December-^-ll 51%.
BARLEY — Futures :were firm and actively
dealt in. - but quotations showed little I change.
The trade say that the standard of the grain
will be so high this t year that It wlM make
deliveries on contracts unusually difficult. Ths
cash grain is steady .'but unchanged.
CASH BARLEY."
Feed 51 C5©1 ; CS% ; : new Brewing and Ship
ping, «1 12>£@1 17% ;' Chevalier. Jl 17%©1 30
per ctL
. FUTURES.
- Session 0 to* 11 :30 . a. in. '¦
Open. High. Low.' Clo««.
December ...$1 09% - $1 00»; $1 09% Jl CO 1 *
- ; - ~ 2-.p.-in. Session. ". * .
December— $1 00»»:" - - - /
OATS^ — There is nothing new to report In this'
market. - OSerings. «hilo not heavy, are ample
and • ««»Hers cootinue'flrm in their ¦ views.
Stocks In regular warehouse and on wharf
FLOUR— California Fajnlly Extras, %i S0#
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7Cg5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at 53 S5@4 25
per bbl •
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. S3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal $3 75: Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 60€3 S5; Buckwheat Flour. 44; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60: Farina 93 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. *3 50: Rolled Oats. bbls. IS 5037 50; In
sack*, ti 25: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
box»s. $5 50: Green Peas $5 50 per 1G0 lbs.
Flour and M illstuffs.
.SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
— --- --— -¦!¦¦¦¦ ?
Well-street Stocks not materially' changed. Cotton zeeaker.
Another >iciiz-e ai:d nrm cay An local Securities.
. ; SdigkiZHirtpticms u: Sursr ct:d Exchange.
Wi:cct ai:d Barley Futures actively traded in. Cash zchcat higher.
'¦\ fresh fruits in good demand for local use and skipping.
. ¦ ' Ruiier quiet, Cheese cv.il and Eggs selling ait ivelL
'.'¦ . & 'ops' still higher and strongly held.
CatTte. $kect> and Hogs unchanged. .
.. • Xezc York Stock Exchange to remain dosed :j-:::orrozc.
i Corn No. 2 —
September . B3U B4H 53 . 53%
'December ...... 51% 62% 5l!i 82%
May 43 ;i 50«4 4&% 60%
I Oats No. 2 —
September 31% 32% 31 »i 82%
December 33% 23% 83% 33%
May... 35*; 36^ 35* 4 .38%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 11 10 11 15 11 07% 11 15
October .11 12%. 11 35 11 22% 11 30
January 12 62% 12 75 12 62% 12 T2%
1 ' Lard, per 100 lbs —
i September ..... «S7% 7 00 6 87% 6 87%
October \ 7 O2',i 7 15 7 02% 7 12%
j JaniJary 7 07% 7 22% 7 07% 7 20
SSert Ribs, per -100 lbs—
¦September 7 17% 7 27% 7 17% T 25
[October. 7 S5 7 46 7 35 7 42%
1 January 6 62% 6 70 6 62% « f7%
Wheat No. 2—
Sept (old) 10014 108% 1 0S% 109
Sept (new) 1 06% 1 07% 1 06 1 06**
December 1 C8S 1 09% 1 08 1 09%
May 1 10^, 1 us, 1 10% 1119s
th? day by reports o* heavy rains in ' the Red
River country. Houses with. Northwestern
connections ivere libiral purchasers, thus giv
lns- ir.ore force to the bullish advices from
that section. The : higher point of the day In
December was reportad just before the . dose,
trh.cn .".the. price , touched $1 09%. The close
tvsi strong, with December at II 09©l 00%.
A itrong tore > prevailed in: corn throughout
the rnrlre sessidn. December opened un
chaneed to %c higher at 51^4651'jSc. sold be
iwein il^sC and 52-ic and closed at 52%c.
Sn-.Bll receipt*", an improved eaport demand
a:i<1 strensth in other eraics caused a firm
tone In oats. December opened a shad* to %e
MsJkt at a3U©S3Hc, ranged between 33%@
33H« and S3Htt33?ic and closed at 33*»c
f-r.ir.:; September J dellverie* accounted tor
a modrrate demand throughout the provisions
list. . The strength of grains had some in
fluence. At the close October pork was up
iZGlTYiC; lard made a gain of 12%c and
ribs w«re vz> So. '
The leading futures ranged ts follows:
Articles — Open. •¦ High. Low. Close.
September 1" are 17S0 tons.- against 634 toes.
August 1. -\ • . : : . .
"WTilte. $r 37^401 47%: Surprise. $1 50S1 60:
Red. $1 22?sei 42% for feed and $1 37%© j
1 47% for seed: Black. $1 3091 35 for feed and I
$1 ."Ofil 65 for seed.
CORN — There has been ¦ no Western of any j
consequence in for some little time, and of
ferings . by sample on 'Change are light. The
market- rules steady and unchanged.
- Stocks • In regular - warehouse and on wharf
September 1 were 45S tons, against 2S5 tons
August 1.
' Western sacked. $1 45^1 50 for. Tellow and
White and $1 45©1 47% for Mixed; California
large Tellow $1 50Q1 57%; small round do.
51 55f 1 <52%; White, nominal: Egyptian. $133
©1 45 for White and $1 25® 1 So for Brown.
. RYE— Quotable at 51 25@1 30 per ctL \
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at *1 75@2 per cU-
Bureau reports that the Honey crop at Rlrer
8i<J« Is a failure and that the bees are dying.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7»»C9Hc for
Royals, and 9312c for Moorparks; Nectarine*.
5*4©7c; Peaches 6#Sc per Ib: P«ar». »81l>c:
Plum* pitted, 6O«Sc for black. T^i6S%c for
red ind TgS'-jC for yellow :' Figs. - 2-crown
bricks. 52%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown. 63c; «
crown, 75c; bulk white. 3*4 83>~c; black. 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 64^7^0 per lb.
PRUNES — l*i<?2c per Ib for the four slaes.
RAISINS— AssoclaUon f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to chanse \rithout notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxeo — Loose Muscatel*. 3-crowa.
3c- 2-erowa, 2»ic; Malaga, loos*. 3-crown.
U*«c; 2-crown. 2*e; seedless Sultanas. 3c:
seedless Muscatels. 2&c: Seeded Raisins. 16-oj
cartons, fancy. 4 He; choice. 4c; 12- oi caxtoas.
fancy. 3*»c: choice. 3Uc per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts No. 1 softshell. I3Hgl4c;
No. 2 lH4©12c: No 1 hardshsil. 13©l3Htc;
No. 2i ll©HHc: Almonds. 10@17c for new
Nonpareils. 14gl4*ic for I X U 13ei4c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Lansnedoc; Pea
nuts. 6©7c for Eastern; Pecans. 11313c; Co
coanuts. S4 5083.
HONET— Comb. m&©13c let white and 102?
lie for amber: water white extracted. 5Vi9
$Uc; light amber extracted. &38c; dark. Z'j
4i»C.
BEESWAX— 27©2»c per lb.
THE SAN FRAN-CISCO CALL". FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2. 1904.
I Miscellaneous Markets, j
Continued on Pare Fourteen.
In t*i- b'sd WiLrSt'.t rr.St»«S Stattf «5ld 45
rerl't'red »; per oret and the con
oow % per cent en call.
•>TEW TORK. Sept. 1.— Wfci:e the tea* of to
day's rtsck csarket wa« firm Jn the main.
with dlatinet improvement !a a. number of
'.Issue*, eperatiociii . were sciir. largeiy for pnv
rm'o^«l accoust and la moderate, vc!cme.
Trailcg *u characterized by toct ladtcUioa
and contrary movements. The eoveralag fac
tor- *¦*• the crop situation, concerning whJch
* great deal cf caws, mostly unofficial aad
of CoubtTtt valu«. caxsr to !.a_-.-l. Disrat-bea
-fxeia the Wea indicated favorable ccr.e!tJor.s
for catering corn. and It is believed that
such cf that cojrrao-SUy is cow tezvse frcm
•ever* injury. G^rvra! rrap advices frcm
the Caaailaa Xorthm-est were of the same
tenor. T«t rex>oru of frosi» tvere IrficentiaJ
;n both %-fcea.t ar.d corn p:t« nere. Unauthor
ized etaKtaeeta that »»< prevailing prices for
-•tsei beams asd piaies would to* maintained
cacstal with eth^r t«Lde« reports cf a favcr
at!e character, helped to give renewed strength
to the Steel troika. United States Steel pre
ferred r»,-.>:T«d eaolfcw astxtastlal advance
eJihourt tie stock wes said here h? LonJoa!
~ hat" center toox prrCt» :a ac-ne of the ether
.fr.t-rr.atiooaJi. Opet^rx with aa Irregular ten
dency, tfc^ ioe*.l rrarfcet soon mad* recovery
.wr.der tie lead cf £t. Pans. Another feature
«f the ttrtssth vras L"»fon Paelne, Scath»m
>*».clf.c and the Rxk J«-:ar.-; irsaes. Amai
t?~'.:*i Ocpj/er h*-W Dm curing the o-ly
*ralcr.. !a trite c' profit tikiac. St p au i
declined to tr.e put.Hcat'.sa cr a r*r~rt show-
S=g a heavy <!ecrea££ 1= crt eerainps end
the. rcmiladfr cf the activ- list :scnlfeste<I a
reactionary tendency. In tt>e Iste tradin
there w« a further H:.v«ng or S>cl preferred
•p« ; •'. k I*!and common. Rt«*l preftrrM
clcstd r. fraction below the tor price cf th«
iii;-. !".: tr* rest rf tfce activ- list mad*
nore material cn-.c-S'le.n*. l>evelopm»i:ts in
il.» meaty inarU't wre ur.rmpcrtant. A com
p r . cf " rzl'.i-rai rrpcrtr weir teart. chief
nn^i.-.c th'*.- briic that of the Ovclaco. i^h;
i:ar.c:i. «.hici^o rn-1 gt. Ixtj:* TV-ad for "the
;-ccr «r.f:a Juse.r«> 3a«t. *ro»'tnx a 'oak la
crt etrrisis of ov^r $£5T.O0u.
New York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADVEKTISE31KNTS.
wvJ 1 I UlN.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1.— Harm* ad>ls«S
the public a ncr.th ago to> buy cotton at . 9%, '
cents irrespective of the G^vernraeat report. I
now feel It lacurabeat opca m« to^say that
I have liquidated the cottcn I thea 'purchased
personally and fear a ' decline- ia prices, no
matter -what the showing of to-morrow's Gov-
ernment report may • be» A very bullish re-
port ha? beec fully discounted. A condition
of over SO. in view of the admitted earllneas cf
the crop, would probably cause a iharp decline,
especially.** we ar» fac« to face wita tn« pe-
riod of heaviest' receipts, the weisht of which
last year desalted in carrymg cotton to nearly
a cents a vouad Icr Octb'aer contracts on ta«
8th of October, notwithstandlag th« admlttMly
bullish conditions which later ea made pos-
sible - an advance to 17 cents.
CS!g=ed) THEODORE H. PRXCB. >
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
100 Head of Horses
By order of A. C- Jones ot Butt* -County.
California, we will sell 100 head of mares and
teldiags, broken and uabrokea. raajlas frora
1WO to 1400 pouadsi. frcra 3 to 9 year* oil:
also two handsome black saddle-horses.
This lot to rao«ly nice, young geldings, suit-
able for all purposes, from milk wagona t»
heavy exrrem nr sand w»Tons.
SALE TAKE? PLACE " tER^?3
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY, StPTEMBER 2, 1904
AT 11 A. M.. AT
J. B. HORAVS SALESYARD.
COR. TENTH AND BRTANT STS.. a t.
HORD A SMITH. 35 Third »t.. S. F...
Auctioneers.Knights Templar cards. Many designs. Prices
riEht. Edward Knowles Co.. 24 Second et.'- •
BURNED BY "EXPLOSION. — Frederick
Kuhl, an . engineer at a bakery at Eddy and
Fillmoro streets. : wan badly ' burned yesterday
by the explosion of. an oil tank. His Injuries
i were dressc-d at the Central Emergency Hoepi-
WOMAN ATTEMPTS SUICIDE. — Elenor
Hulse. a divorced woman who became despond
ent through family trouble, sought death yeg-
I terday by taking a dose of arsenic In her room
en Fourth street. She was removed to ' the
Central Emergency Hospital, where medical
aid saved her life. . • : (
Millinery- Opening, French Patterns.
Thursday and Friday. September 1 and
2.'. Gertrude Richards. 335 Geary st. *
. PLEADS GUILTY TO GRAND LARCENY—
Henry Brant^ appeared for arraignment be
ior? Judges Dunne yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny and pleaded eullty. He was
ordered to apntar /or • sentence on September
J 8. He'etole ?£0 from F. S. Martin of San
Rafael on the nlcht of July 3. ¦
AN Registered Voters
Are requested to call and . sign petition,
for higher liquor license at Civic Coun
cil. 29 Columbian building. 916 Market
street. Open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. un
til September 8. •
GEORGE 3IOWRY IS FIXED
$100 BY SUPREME COURT
Executor of Simon Straus Estate Re
ceives Punishment for Clogging ¦
Wheels of Justice.
George B. Mowry was fined $100 by
the Supreme Court yesterday for mak
ing what is characterized as a "frivo
lous" a*ppeal. It is also stated that an
action for damages should be institut
ed aeainst him. „
v Mowrj% was appointed . executor of
the estate of Simon Straus in 1895.
He managed decedent's hide and tal
iow business successfully, but when
he was requested to make a partial
distribution amounting* to $2000 he
refused and fought the case in court.
The Judge ordered him to pay over
$1500, and he appealed to the Su
preme Court. The last named tri
bunal says that Mowry simply desires
to postpone the final settlement
through . protracted litigation and
that he had no reason whatever for
not agreeing to the oartlal distribu
tion desired.
The fines imposed by the Supreme
Court for frivolous appeals are few
and this method. of punishment is re
sorted to only in. very flagrant cases.
llumrtt'A Extract of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
"HOOPEK FILES HIS REPORT— Policeman
Hooper. In charge of the cruelty to animals
detail/ yesterday died' bis report for last month
with Chief . Wtttman. ' He had investigated "fi
cases of working ¦ lame horses. 27 sailed. <>
sick. 10 *orn out and 7- beating and whip
ping.'. He prosecuted 15 cases, . obtained- 0 con
victions,* 2 were dismissed and 4 arc pending.
He had' killed 5 horses and a. dog and relieved
5 starving dega. . He bad also examined 953
liaullnc. gmdinr. - hack • and * express horses.
The total lines -In the- Police courts amounted
la;fl3O. ,
George Nichols, boatswain of the
Fteamer Acapulco, and Isaac Smith, a
deck hand of the same vessel, were
r.rrcsted by customs searchers yester
i day while coming" down the gang
j plank of the steamer. . Smith had l|0O
smuggled cigars concealed in "his
trousers and Nichols had 199 hidden
under his vest. They were turned
over to the custody of the United
] States Marshal. . * pfc
Cigar Smugglers Caught.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially Invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things in pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •;
Art Notes.
Supervisor D'Ancona and Frank
Schmitz, superintendent of the Alms-;
house. yesterday paid a , visit j
of inspection to the undertak
iiig place on Nineteenth ! street '
run by Kelly &, Haga'n, who j
have the contract for burying the
indigent dead. Complaints have been I
made against the way in which the
contractors are conducting their busi
ness, because they were using a barn
to house the dead bodies pending
burial. D'Ancona will tP-day en- j
dcayor to secure, a site in San Mateo ,
Ccimty for a cemetery to be used by !
this city to bury the indigent dead.
Inspect Undertaking Place.
Native Sons and Daughters.
If you are going to the St. Louis Fair,
now is th<? time.
A special train to St. Louis, via the i
Southern Pacific Co. and the "Scenic 1
Line of the World," the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad, will leave San Fran
cisco at eleven a. m., September third, j
This is the official route. Join this ex- j
eursion and help make California Day i
at the World's Fair a success, for the •
glory of tho State. |
Sleeping car reservations should be
made now. at the Denver and Rio Grande
Railroad Ticket Office, No. 625 Market
Thomas Magee & Sons report the
closing up of the deal for the Levison
property on the north line of Sutter
street, 70 feet east of Kearny, to A.
Aronsori; Louis Metzger and Louis
Sehoenberg. The price is understood
to be close to $400,000. The deeds
have, just been recorded from M. B.
Kellogg, the trustee of the property.
The sale was announced by Majjee &
Sons, through whom it. was effected,
in January last. The building is part
ly occupied by Vanderslice & Co. and
the Nathan Dohrmann Company on
the ground floor, and by Nordman
Bros., the California Jewelry Com
pany and Rothchlld & Hadenfelt up
stairs. It has a frontage of 101 feet
10% inches on Sutter street, with a
depth of 119 feet" on Hardie place,
less an L in the rear 34:3x14:6. The
gross annual rental of the building Is
I $21;300, but the leases call for an in
¦ crease of rental in about a year. This
I makes the second large piece that the
three operators named have bought
on Sutter street recently. They re
sold the northwest corner of Sutter
and Stockton streets at a profit of
$55,000 to W. W. Van Arsdale.
. ¦ • ¦ - - -
Snm of $400,000 Is Involved in Deal
for Prominent Holding on Sut
ter Street.
DEEDS FINALLY PASS
FOR LEVISOX PROPERTY
Mrs. B. L. McDonald K was transferred
from the Sunnyside Primary School to
the Lincoln Grammar School, vice Miss
S. Krauss, on leave; P. T. Riley from
the Richmond Evening School to ,the
Humboldt^Evening High Sclu5ol;;Ned
B. Gould from the Lincoln Evening
School to the 'Hamilton Evening
School; Miss Dora Israel from the
Hamilton Evening School to the Lin
coln Evening School, and Mrs. Mabel
A. Sykes from the Richmond Evening
School to the Horace Mann Evening
School, new class. •
Miss Ethel May Wilson was ap-
land North, a regular teacher in the
Irving M. Scott Grammar School, was
accepted, subject to favorable action
being taken on her petition for retire
ment by the Public 'School Teachers'
Annuity and Retirement Fund.
A. G. Van Gcrder was appointed an
assistant teacher in sciences arid
mathematics in the Polytechnic .ligh
School, vice Ralph C. Daniels, resigned,
subject to a probationary period of two
years. '."' ,
A r.ew class, was established m tha
Commercial School and ¦ Miss Mae
Kelly of the'day substitute class was
assigned to take charge of the same.
Charles L. Turner was appointed as a
temporary teacher of in the
department during the' leave of ab
sence granted A. Altman of the Lowell
High School. V • .- • -
Loaves l>f absence were granted to
Miss R. J. Deyoe and _C. H. Ham.
The "resignations of Robert A. Lee
and Ralph S. Daniels,, teachers, were
accepted. - ¦' '¦ ' ' > • » .
TEACHERS TRANSFERRED.
pointed to the evening school depart
ment and assigned to the Horace Mann
Evening School and Miss Florence
Woodward was appointed a temporary
teacher in the domestic science depart
ment during the leave of absence
granted Miss Rose Deyoe.
Dr. Robert D. Conn has resumed practice at
135 Geary ?t.. Spring Valley bid., room* 73-T3.«
13 ARRESTET* FOR CTlUELTT-^Janies
Donovan, an employe of Aehllle Block cf 1313
Flllmore stre«t. was arrested yesterday by
Officer Vngtr of the Humane Society for driv
ing a crippled horse. Donovan was released
on $20 cash ball.
The receipts of the license depart- i
ment of the Tax Collector's office for j
the month of August, 1904. were $30,
00S 25, a gain of $955 25 as com- ;
pared with the receipts of August, J
1903. One ticket scalper's -license was
taken out for the Jeffries-Munroe '
fight, costing $300 for one month. The
agitation by the Police Department;
against the dance halls has resulted '
in the payment of $1125 in licenses
into the city treasury. Liquor licenses '
to the amount of $20,685 were taken
out. Owing to the Knights Templar j
conclave a number of hack and bus j
licenses have been renewed. ¦ i
Rcceirrts for Licenses.
| . United States District Attorney"
j Woodworth yesterday filed in the
j United States District Court a writ
i of nolle pros, in the case of the Gov
! ernment against Johtf Calhoun Har
1 vey, who was ' arrested about six
months ago for writing indecent let
ters to his divorced wife.
The reasons for the dismissal were
that two important witnesses for the
Government had changed their places
i of abode and could pot be found; that
[the defendant had been 4 confined in
jail for six months, while the maxi-
I mum penalty for the offense charged
was eighteen months' imprisonment,
and that 'Harvey is of weak mind and
Irresponsible.
Harvey was a printer and printed
and mailed, several circulars addressed
to acquaintances of * his former wife
making grave charges agrainst her.-
I Nolle Prosequl Filed In His Case Bc
; cause He lias Been Confined
Lons in Jail.
After tho usual order of business
hau been transacted the members will
have- an opportunity of expressing
themselves In reference to the new
quarters and upon other topics of in
terest.to comrades present. The even
ing will be spent In a free interchange
of views and a' large attendance is ex
pected. . -":„ :j
¦¦ : — ~e~ — :
PRINTER HARVEY IS
OBJECT OF MERCY
The quarters on Post street, near
Powell, now to be vacated, have been
occupied by the post for twenty years.
Comrades .will assemble at 320 Post
street oh the evening: of September 6
and escort the colors .to. the new hall
o;i Golden Gate avenue.
F. L. Turpin. commander, and John
If. Roberts, adjutant, of George H.
Thomas Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, announce that the next meet
ing of the post will be held Tuesday
evening, September 6, at the new
headquarters in Red Men's building, on
Golden Gate avenue, between Leaven
v.crth and Hyde streets.
Colors Will Uc liicorted to Golden
Gate Avenue N'ext Tuesday
Evening.
m:w headquarters for
the thomas post, g. a. r.
Slow progress is being made in Judge
Dunne's court in securing 'a jury to try
the case of Frederick Tobelmann,
charged with the murder of his wife,
Mary, on April 1. Out of 330 names
drawn from the jury box only six have
as ret been accepted. A venire of 150
was ordered yesterday, returnable next
Wednesday.
The jury in the case of Alexander B.
Garn<=tt. charged with the murder o*f
Major J. W. McClung In the rooms of
Mrs. Elizabeth W. Coit on November
25, after being out twentv-one hours,
brought in a verdict yesterday after
noon of murder in the second degree,
with a recommendation of mercy. The
defendant listened to the verdict apa
thetically. He was ordered to appear
for sentence on September 13, when his
attorney. George D. Collins, will make
a motion for a new trial. The penalty
is from ten years to life imprisonment.
The case has been remarkable for the
numerous, continuances granted the de
fendant on various pretexts and be- j
cause of an evident desire in certain
quarters not to prosecute. At the
preliminary hearing before Police)
Judge Fritz on December 6 and j
7 the defendant was represented j
by Attorney W. H. Alford. After
Garnett was held to answer At- !
torney W. -D. Grady appeared and j
adopted the policy of delay. He was!
successful till the Judge lost patience
and Attorney Collins stepped in to rep- j
resent the defendant. The conviction i
is considered remarkable, considering
the absence of Mrs. Coit and the great
pull for the defendant.
Judge Cook charged the jury yester
day morning in the case of George T.
Querbach on trial for the murder • of
Mrs. Annie Wilson at her residence, 5
Capp street, on November 1. The jury i
retired about 11 o'clock and returned i
about 2 o'clock with a verdict of man- |
slaughter. The penalty is not exceed- j
ing ten years' imprisonment. The de- j
fendant was ordered to appear for sen- |
tence on September 13. It is not con- j
sidered llkelv that an appeal will be '
taken to the Supreme Court. ;
Jury Renders Verdict Against
Slayer of Msjor Me-
Clung.
SLATER OF MAJOR J. "W. Mc-
CLl'NG. WHO HAS BEEN CON
VICTED OF MURDER,
Judge Morrow held that the require
ment respecting such deposit was a
regulation in excess of the authority of
the secretary. The regulation in ques
tion provided that no alien desiring ad
mission at a port of the United States
for the professed purpose of proceeding
directly therefrom to. foreign territory
ehall be permitted to. land thereat ex
cept after deposit with 'the Collector
cf Customs at said port by the master
or owner of the vessel on which such
alien is brought of the amount of the
h,ead tax. $2. prescribed by section ¦ 1
of the act approved March 3. 1903. said
amount to be refunded upon proof sat
isfactory to- the. immigration cfflcer|in
charge at the port of arrival that said
alien has passed by direct . and con
tinuous journey through and out of the
United State?. The immigration act
itself expressly provides that the head
tax therein mentioned shall not be
levied upon aliens in transit in the
United States. The court said that the
-Immigration Commissioner had no
power to require, the deposit of the $2,
and had further no power to require
that such aliens shall pass "by direct
and continuous journey through and
out of the United States."
The case was handled on behalf of
the steamship companj- by Frank &
Mansfield.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
rendered an oral decision yesterday in
favor of the complainant In the suit
of the Oceanic Steamship Company
vertus Frederick S. Stratton as Collec
tor of the Port. The action was
brought to recover $420 deposits ex
torted'from the steamship company by
a regulation of the Department of Com
merce and Labor providing that a de
pesit of $2 per head should be made
by th» company for each alien passen
eer in transit through the United
States.
R. D. Faulkner, principal of the new
Parental School, submitted a report on
the work of the school and the enforce
ment of the compulsory education law
in the canneries/ The report says:
"The total enrollment of this school
since its. organization, July 27, to date
is forty-five, all boys. This number is
now in .daily attendance.. There, .has
been but little truancy and no boy has
been truant to exceed one day. On
Monday I divided the boys into , two
classes, putting a substitute in charge
o-f one class in compliance with orders
previously received from you. As only
one teacher has been assigned to the
school I would recommend- that anoth
er be assigned to begin work after the
vacation, Monday, September 12." . ,
Langdon also reported that the new
course of study has been put into oper
ation throughout the. department and
its efficiency may be already deter
mined to a slight degree although not
so thoroughly as will be revealed by a
year's test.
The deputy superintendents have
been engaged in examining the work
of teachers whose probationary term
has expired in order to determine their
fitness for regular appointment. A re
pr-rt of the result of this examination
will be made during the next two
weeks.
•Director Boyle was authorized, to
erect two portable schoolhouses to re
lieve the unsatisfactory and congested
condition of the South End- Primnry
School.
SALARIES READY SATURDAY.
The salary demand3 of all employes
of the School Department will be ready
to-morrow at 10 o'clock, Financial Sec
retary Charles Berliner having labored
hard to finish them before "the holi
days. . - .. .
The resignation of Mrs. Emeline Mor-
PARENTAL SCHOOL GROWS
The high school certificate of Saul
Epstein, the grammar certificate of
Miss E. R. Fenton, the primary certifi
cate of Mrs. K. J. Polley and the man
ual training certificate of M. Doyle
were renewed. Miss Mabel Stuart was
granted a grammar school certificate.
Thomas Magee & Sons^ offered to sell
a lot adjoining the Golde'n Gate Sohool,
on Golden Gate avenue, between Pierce
and Scott streets, for $32,000. A reply
was ordered sent to the effect that the
bond issue allows only $22,700 for th*
purchase of the lot under the City En
gineer's appraisement.
W. W. Stone, principal of the Clement
School, called attention to the fact that
provision should be made under the
bond issue for the purchase of a right
of way in the rear of the school; as a
brick building is being erected back of
the school.
The following named, being next in
order in the competitive examination
held June If, 1901, were ordered placed
on the day substitute list in the order
of their standing,' to. take effect Sep
tember 10, 1904: Miss Margaret Burke,'
Miss Kate McNamara, Miss Cicely J.
O'Connor, William C. Wood. Miss
Louise Beardsley, Miss Jennie Cllker,
Miss Edith B. Bowers, Miss Jessie M.
Rea, Miss- Anna Gaffnev and Miss
Florence Mclnerney.
Mrs. K: E. Brogan.- principal of the
Moulder School, " appeared before the
board relative to the complaint of a
parent that she had whipped his boy
on the hand and denied that she had
chastised the boj r , who ran away before
any punishment could be administered.
OFFERS TO SELL LOT. .
The Board of Education yesterday,
made a number of assignments of
teachers, five of whom were sent to
new classes.-. The teachers assigned
were: ¦ " .
Clara S. Doolan, to the Sunnyside
School; Cecelia Harnett, Noe Valley
School: Bertha Newman. Dudley Stone
School, new class: Shirley C. Hayes,
Winfield Scott, new class; Elizabeth
Vincent, .Dudley Stone, new class;-An
nie E. 'O'Sullivan, Noe Valley,, new
class; Susan Vincent, Oceanside. new
class.
The soint in the trial here was
the question of his sobriety at the time
of the rumpus which caused his arrest.
The leading witnesses testified that he
was either drunk or crazy, but as none
of them had actually seen him take
an intoxicating drink they could not
say what was the cause of his maudlin
condition or his violent and unseemly
conduct.' He therefore escapes with a
reprimand.
For a few months he apparently be
haved himself, but on his arrival here
last spring on his way to Manila, he
entered into a round • of festivities
which culminated in a sensational
brawl which landed him in the Police
Court, where he was fined $10 by Judge
Mogan on a charge of disturbing the
peace. He left the day after the dis
turbance for Manila, but General Mac-
Arthur, hearing of the scandalous es
capade, cabled to Honolulu to have
him taken from the transport on which
he was a passenger, and sent back here
for trial.-
Captain Frank A. Cook, U. S. A., is
a very lucky man. He will retain his
commission in the army notwithstand
ing the midnight brawl 'in which he
was the principal actor some months
ago in a prominent resort on the corner
of O'Farrell street and Grant avenue. .
He owes the retention of his shoulder
straps to the fact that in all the
evidence introduced at the court
martial, there was nothing elicited to
show that any of the witnesses had
seen him Imbibe an intoxicant.
As it stands now he escapes . from
being dismissed from the army, but at
the same time receives a severe repri
mand from General MacArthur and
the court of high officers in the army
who sat upon the board which tried
him. He was tried last year before
a court-martial for. conduct unbecom
ing an officer and a gentleman and
barely escaped being dismissed from
the army. Upon his assurance that he
would abstain from the use of intoxi
cants, supplemented* by his signing a
pledge to the effect that for three years
he would refrain from using stimu
lants, he was permitted to retain his
commission.
Principal 'Faulkner Files Re
% port on the Conduct of
the New Parental School
Court Holds That Laws
3Iay Not Be Thwarted by
l \ Rules of a Department
Officer Who Engaged in a
Midnight Brawl Is Per
mitted to Stay , in Army
ACCEPTS RESIGNATIONS
THEY 3fAY ENTER FREE
NO ONE SAW HEM DRINK
Judge Morrow Decides in
Favor of Oceanic Company
in Transit Alien Case
Captain F. A. Cook Receives
a Severe Reprimand, but
Will Retain Commission
Board of Education Makes
Assignments and Estab
lishes Some New Classes
TOURIST TAX
HELD ILLEGAL
MANY TEACHERS
GET POSITIONS
ESCAPES WITH
LIGHT SENTENCE
GARNETT
GUILTY OF
MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,_ FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2. 1904. . X
16
..Next Svriday's Call.. I
1 fiFT ' •• y^'^.'&i^ . y^ r l 1
I A Bottle of Griffin's Extra Fine Catsup 1
p •¦ ...AND... (Packed This Season— Fresh and Wholesome) n j
I A Can of Griffin's Extra Soi/p Extract ||
H (Packed This SeesDn—Frssh ani Wholesome) . p
I FREE , •" :^RE^;-;- I
I These Goods are the choicest products of Califor- ||
i , nia, and are packed at Sanjose especially for the Home 0
» Trade. Everything known to modern methods of pre- w
|| paring these Delicacies is applied to each and every W,
II package of Griffin's Extras by ¦ , W
1 ' THE CALIFORNIA CANNERS* ASSOCIATION. I
ADVEKTISEAj^ — ~-
¦¦ m boys' suits ££*'
JPfi|A Mothers'. Prices :
$ 'iJiiiBil In tlie latest and newest Fall %MM0^M
l^^j;^^ 8^ styles and fabrics. The largest /W&m&^n
anc * most comprehensive as- y^^^^^,
sortment "of Boys' and Chil- |;:/d &m
A$ |ff3lt||ffl dren's Clothing at prices in- a-.; V, ~'jj$f
IblmWmb teresting to every mother will ? >^S?R^P
>jgSy^ &5y Tweeds, Homespuns, Plain and Fancy Mix- \ .
_ ._ tures and Serges of every color. Xv U S S 1 O II
Eton Sailors — r Blouses
4 to 12 Years jj . RlmiCPC 2 K to 8 Years
fc I IP Kiissian mouses c v i IP
H* *J V/ * . In Buster Brown, Military and Sailor Collar *P *J V/ 1
* Styles. Made in imported Serges, Tweeds, — - 3"— — •-» — — — —
• -• ; -. • • ¦ : • • ' : m .'.' Silk Cordurovs and Velvets elaborately \^OimCf TWph'<£
Norfolk Suits t rimm ,d T <g it s
6 to 15 Years 14 to 20 Years
$3 UP Norfolk Suits $?.5O UP
In Twesds and Homespuns. All the latest , '^Sgfc
colorines. Trousers lin;d. Made for solid C^^aA
.^^S^^B .. ' wear and style. An excellent all-round boy's p'C5J*J^
Younc Men's Fall
«i^ra and Winter Suits «^S
6^"^? -%^ Modeled on the broad manly lines, full of ¦-; *h< '^?%?& itaeP
ffW^^^^^^mJ'^^ • style and snap. In Fancy Tweeds. Cheviots '^W^'C^S
/'^I^^^i^^^^Sy^W anfl Homespuns. Single and double breast- ". ?$ f- - - r^
' ' l^^l °P en SaturdQ y Ni 9 ht Ttl1 Ten "•¦"¦""¦Sf'Hf ¦
——MILL TO MAN - *^S IW
jjsftlsr E9£*£1O M A ni/TT CT below iijp S$a
(ggp 51D51orlAlcl\Ll m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parlor...
(Second Floor— Take Elevator).
We have a beautiful and becoming
hat* for every feminine head in San
Francisco.
Prices start at, $5.00 and end at
$50.00.
The very style you are looking
for drops in somewhere clcng the
line.
Cenfemerij
|^|f women
and children
Kej . . . . $159, $1.75, $2
( Women. $1, $1.50, $1.75; $2
I Children . . . ; . SI, $1.25
Salesroom, 209 Post St.
I Corner Grant Avc.
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
APVERTISEMEXTS.
f^& An exceedingly
I graceful, finely |
I. scallopad Vas?, 16 inches |
i high, for just |
1 That's afcoat wait tiiey cst 1
I us a. the Eastern factor?. V/2 |
| bo f j?h- a few thousand dnd ;u\ Jg
I th3m u w'th a carloid o; for- 1
nitore. It's abou: one-qairier |
or cns-fitin the regular valua, |
We're oifsnng thsra now last I
as a small inducement for you to |
coins in and lock cvsr "The |
Bigjsst Faraitnrs Honse on s J|
Itks Pacif.c Coast."
is a matter of cDarss,
no children's orders, i
and oo mail ncrtei- Q^> l§|
cphone orders. jSS* -^B
THIS WEEK aV 1