PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY^ SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
MILLERAND WOULD
WEAR THE SHOES
OF EMILE COMBES
RUSSIAN CHUISER
AT MARE ISLAND
TO BE DISMANTLED
Bismarck'3 Condition Critical.
HAMBURG. Sept. 16.^ — Prince Her
bert Bismarck . is very . weak and bis
condition is most critical.
STOCKTON, . Sept 16.— Mrs. Me
linda Balne, relict of the late Judge C.
Baine, passed away here this morning
at the age of 92 years.' The deceased
was an early resldenfof . Stockton,
where she reared ..; a ' large • family . of
children. One of . her, daughters is the
wJdow : of Louis Dent,*'a?brother + of
Wtb.' General . Grant > - _
Death Calls Aged Woman.
BERLIN, Sept 16.— Prince Adelbert.
third son of Emperor William, after
three and a half years' service as a
sailor, has passed the examination for
naval officers and will shortly begin a
year's service on the Asiatic station as
a ' lieutenant on board the cruiser
Her thai. SPttMBM
German Prince a Naval Officer.
WASHINGTON, Sept 16.— Major
General Arthur MacArthur. who now
commands the Pacific Division and its
subdivision, the Department of Cal
ifornia, will be relieved of the latter
Orders have been issued for Briga
dier General Francis Moore to pro
ceed to San Francisco to assume com
mand cf the Department of . Califor
nia. He is now commandant of the
school of application for cavalry and
field artillery at Fort RilejvKans.
BRIGADIER GENERAL MOORE
IS ORDERED TO CALIFORNIA
Will Relieve MacArthur, Who Com
mands Pacific Division, of Respon
sibility for Tliis Department,
; BALTIMORE, Sept ¦ 17.— The fifth
annual convention of the Grand Aerie
of the Benevolent Order of. Eagles ad
journed to-night to meet in Denver in
August 1905. ;./ The/., following " .officers
were elected -and installed: J.-F. -Pel
letler, Kansas: City, grand -worthy
president; J. H." . Ellis, . Minneapolis,
grand 'worthy vice-president; .; A. ZE.
Partridge, Kansas City, grand worthy
secretary; ;EdVL.. ; Head,' s San'. Fran
cisco; - grand r.wortby - treasurer;; Joseph
Gribbles, Oregon .> AerieA grand g inside
guard." ¦;¦; m : '/-. ¦' ' %.7i^"
Next Gathering of the Grand Aerie
Will Be Held in 1005
at Denver. %
CONVENTION OF EAGLES
AT BALTIMORE ADJOURNS
'DENVER,' '• Sept 16.— Brigadier
General' Frank D. Baldwin, command
ing the Department of Colorado,
has; forwarded "his annual report to
the Secretary-' of / War. .The report
says j that- saloons and questionable re
sorts j near the | barracks are responsi
ble for the large number of. desertions
from the regular army in the Depart
ment'of.Colorado. -,^ The report says in
part:. ¦ ' ' .: .' * . -
-•'; 1**1 "-trust • that" the . sale of beer and
•wines, " under/ nropjer restrictions, * may
be -again authorized In the post ex
cna*nge. '•-" If ,-men,are unable to get a
glass of , beer ;ih a* decent •* and ', orderly
manner in the 4 garrison they . wiir re
sort, to /the -brothels which cluster
around.-! the -borders' of the reserva
tions. ; where' they : drink all ' manner. of
alcoholic .beverages ";and; often sink
into /debauchery 'and "ruin.**
Army Officer > Declares That Brothels
1 > Near jPost. Entrances 'Are Re- '
'. sponsible for . Desertions.
GENERAL- BAU>WIN URGES
/ REVTVAIi OF THE CANTEEN
HEALDSBURG. Sept 16.— A Re
publican rally was held here last
night Truitt's Opera-house was
packed to the doors. Hon. Duncan E.
McKinlay, candidate for Congress, was
the speaker of the evening.
McKinlay at Healdsburg.
SHIPPING COMBINE 3IAY
ABSORB FAMOUS FIRM
Reported at Belfast That Bnsiness>(fr
Harland & Wolf Will Be Taken
Over by Trust.
LONDON, Sept 17. — It was report
ed at Belfast yesterday that the firm
of ' Harland & Wolf was about to be
absorbed by the shipping combine, all
of Pierre's partners retiring and Is
may joining Pierre under the title
of the Pierre-Ismay Company, Lim
ited.
The Phoenix and»Eastern is apart
of the Santa Fe ; system'. and; the Ariz
ona'Eastern is a Southern; Pacific en
terprise.' ' Similar; injunctions .were ; se
cured ; -by the : same - plaintiff 'during/its
construction > across > Pinal : County "and
as often /dissolved." / \ ; •¦ - : ¦
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept 16.— Judge
Sloan to-day dissolved the. injunction
issued by /a court commissioner." re
straining the Phoenix • and ' Eastern
Railway u from constructing ' its 'line;
now building, /over -a' short 'strip /of
land"" along fi the ; , Gila River,-; between
Kelvin and Dudleyvllle In GilafCoun
ty. The injunction was secured^'by
the Arizona Eastern Railway Com
pany. "'¦/•;' -;¦ '¦/"..:-/';.
Court Dissolves Injunction Preventing
Construction of Line Along : the
Gila River. \
SANTA FE IS VICTORIOUS
i I\ ARIZONA LEGAL FIGHT
•Monroe's wife had instituted divorce
proceedings against him and sued for
the possession = of the ' child.
• The child Is dead and Mrs. Garner is
serlour.ly wounded by a shot in. the
back. Mrs. Dunlap was shot through
the Jaws, but is not seriously injured.
Monroe's wife is -not seriously injured,
receiving a flesh wound in the back
of the neck. -
ASHLAND. Or., Sept. 16. — O. E.
Monroe, a young man, employed as a
laborer in the Street Department of
the city, to-day went to a house where
his wife, from whom he was estranged,
resided, and deliberately shot . Mrs.
Monroe; her mother, Mrs. Dunlap; his
v/5fe f a sister, Mrs. Garner; his own lit
tle child, and then shot and killed him
self. . .-¦/':- v./'v .:.' .. / "/:.? :/
Oregon Man Shoots Wife, Her Mother.
His Sistcr-in-Law and His
Little Child.
TAKES LIFE AFTER TRYING
TO KILL FOUR PERSONS
NEW YORK. Sept 16.—Pilgrim
ages of delegates to Esopus are being
arranged by the National Democratic
Committee. The delegations will be
addressed by Alton B. Parker. This
method of reaching the public was
adopted at Canton, Ohio, by the Re
publicans during the campaign of
1896. v>U-;^-v.'^ : '
His Home.
Delegates .Will'. Visit Judge Parker at
PILGRIMAGES. TO ESOPUS.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Sept 16. — Thfl
contract for the steamship service be
tween Vancouver and Mexico has been
awarded to Andrew Weir & Co. of
Glasgow. It is expected that it will
be started in six weeks. Negotiations
are in progress for a service on the
Atlantic between Canada and Mex
ico. .
Contract for Service Awarded to Glaa-
gow Firm— Will Be Started in
Six Weeia.
TO RUN* STEAMERS FRO3I
-VANCOUVER TO MEXICO
Last night a mob formed and pre
pared to tar and feather the minis
ter and ride him out of town on a
rail. The mob was finally dispersed
by officers. This morning thirty prom
inent citizens called on Morris, handed
him a ticket to Omaha, and saw to it
that he left here on the first train.
BROKEN BOW. Neb., Sept 16.—
Ilev. S. P. Morris, a leading minister
of this city, who deserted his wife and
children several months ago and
eloped with the wife of Dr. Dav. a
leading physician of this place, re
turned to the city yesterday and was
met with outstretched hands by Dr.
Day.
Mrs. Day returned home 6everal
days ago and was forgiven by her
husband and It Is supposed that it
was through her Intercession that her
husband was led to forgive the
preacher. :*". •¦; :¦
Eloping Clergyman Is Forgiven by
Injured Husband, but the
People Object-
FAITHLESS PREACHER
ORDERED OUT OF TOWN
PRESCOTT, Sept. 16.— Andres Mus
tamente, who murdered Justice' J.E.
Reynolds at Crown* King last; Friday
night, was lodged in Jail here to-day.
He was arrested yesterday, by/ Deputy
Sheriff Welch at Columbia. - Busta
mente was armed with a rifle, and j a
six-shooter at the - time of the arrest.
He did not know Welch was an "officer
and the latter, under the pretext of
buying the rifle, was permitted to take
the gun to examine it. Immediately
on. getting \ possession of . the i gun
Welch drew it on the desperado and
commanded him ; to ¦ throw -up -his
hands, /which he '.did. jjj He. was ! then
disarmed. - Bustamente confessed ¦: to
the killing, but claims self-defense.
As Pretended Purchaser ¦ of Rifle,
Deputy Gets Possession of I the
Desperado's Gun. (
ARIZONA OFFICER CLEVERLY
. • CAPTURES A MURDERER
The Shearwater is a sister ship to
the ill-fated Condor, which foundered
with all on board in collision with the
collier Matteawan off Cape Flattery
two or three years ago.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 16.— It has
been found Impossible to obtain any
information as to how II. M. sloop
Shearwater is faring. If the naval au
thorities could get the slightest veri
fication of the report that something
has happened to the Shearwater,
which they admit seems not improb
able, as she should have reported at
Comox some days ago, they would im
mediately dispatch a cruiser to her
assistance. -The report of her mishap
came to Nanaimo, Vancouver Island,
through some sealing men returning
from the north. It is known that the
place where the Shearwater is sup
posed to have gone ashore is fre
quently visited by American revenue
cutters, which could render valuable
assistance.
Anything of the Fate of Englisn
Sloop of War.
Officers at Victoria Unable to Learn
BRITISH XAVY WORRYING;
ABOUT THE SHEARWATER
' ROME. Sept. 16. — The majority of
the people approve the action of King
Victor Emmanuel In not choosing the
title of Prince of Rome for the heir
to the throne, born last night, as it
would have mixed the royal family in
a. party struggle and would have em
bittered the conflict between church
and state at a time when the Pope
seemed to be leaning toward moder
ation. It is believed that the title
chosen, that of Prince of Piedmont,
will become fixed for all time for the
Italian Crown Prince, as is the title
of the Prince of Wales in England.
To .celebrate the birth of the heir
the King has granted amnesty to all
deserters and has also shortened by
six months the terms of Imprisonment
for certain crimes.
Tact of the Klnjc or Italy in Avoiding
Friction With tlie Pope la
Applanded.
PEOPLE APPROVE THE
NAME OF NEW PRINCE
For the loss of blood and the mental
and physical anguish caused he asks
damages to the extent of fifteen hun
dred dollars. The case will be heard
Monday. »
Unon alleges that he employed a
graduate of the college to cut his hair
and that while he was doing so the
scissors 'slipped and caught the plain
tiff's ear.
Special Dlepatcb to The Call.
OMAHA, Sept. 15.— David Unon, a
Syrian peddler, values his left ear at
$1500, according to a suit filed by him
to-day against the Western Barbers'
Institute.
State Senator Victor J. Dowling, who
conferred with Parker during the day,
and later with Charles F. Murphy, to
night said: ,
"Parker has asked me to say that he
feels extremely jubilant and is very
hopeful of the outlook at present. He
returns home to-night well pleased
with the conditions he found existing
here and in particular he is gratified at
the many evidences of harmony that
exist on every hand.- I can say safely
that he feels hopeful in the extreme."
The Governorship and other State
offices were discussed, but it was said
that nothing definite as to the selection
of candidates would be determined un
til next week at Saratoga.
Another matter left open is whether
Judge Parker will make a series of
speeches during the campaign. Other
conferences, similar to those held yes
terday and to-day, will probably be
held next week before Judge Parker's
letter of acceptance Is made public.
ESOPUS, Sept. 16.— Alton B. Parker
reached home at 9:15 o'clock to-night.
During Judge. Parker's visit in New
York. Dr. Jacob Chambers of Kingston,
who was the Parker family physician,
died. Parker will be one of the pall
bearers at the funeral.
. NEW YORK, Sebt. 16.— Several im
portant questions were settled by the
visit of Alton B. Parker to New York
and his conferences with Democratic
leaders. It was determined that Sen
ator Gorman should have an active
place In the campaign, but that Chair
man Taggart was not to be super
seded. The conference of Tammany
leaders with Judge Parker resulted in
the settlement of differences In Greater
New York so far as they relate to na
tional and State issues.
' Mlllerand'B assumption/- of office — ¦
especially .in such company— raised a
storm 'of discussion !in-' his party. It
had long been an. accepted tenet of the
Socialists that- their candidates" mis
sion lay in opposition, and after many
attempts at settlement the matter was
brought -to a- head -,by Millerand'o ac
ceptance, of the 'title «of Baron at the
hands of the Austrian Government (at
the 'time of J the- exposition of 1900, a
period of forced 'international < courte
sies). - By a giant -vote of all- the \ sec-,
tions of the Socialist party' his' 1 action
in- taking :a. portfolio in a government
already, qualified" as .reactionary, was
stigmatized as a betrayal of his prin
ciples,:-and'he was called, upon for an
explanation before their, congress as
sembled. ; He /gave .-his explanation, .but
did j not resign office, and after a good
deal of- fire and fury on both sides he
>vas solemnly expelled from the Social
ist-.party.»., . ¦; ." ' . • . * ..."
• Like /Jaures, Millerand's ideas are
developing .toward- compromise. He can
admit arrangement, for he has learned
by;.-this time to^ acknowledgre expedi
ency. Young* still,* ambitious and deter
mined;' M. Millerand— Baron Miller
dnd—has ": become a • factor in • French
combinations ¦ and his audacious' " at-
i empt* to >iiethrone , M." Combes shows
that he does not intend to be Ignored.
- Gifted " with - a • persuasive " forensic
talent in special pleadings and the fac
ulty of making his, friends work for
him, 'though, he appears to.be discred
ited among the bulk of. the Republican
j majority," he Is 'undoubtedly gathering
innumerable, followers in the other
camp. ; Everything indicates that after
the, recess -he will make" another at
tempt," and this time with success, to
bring ,the. Ministry- down, and will
'climb to power :on -its' ruins. 1 Undoubt
edly a man with a, future, barring/al
ways one.' of \ those- unfortunate acci
dents- which i are' so -frequently a feat
ure in: the vaudeville of French politics,
Millerand) is emphatically»a man to
be , reckoned with, and the • relentless
struggle at ; present being waged be
tween him and M. Combes is the most
Interesting number 'In' the French po
litical arena! . . / '
aristocratic "favorite of the. empire, . al
ways remembered, rightly or,' wrongly,
as the suppressor of the Commune, as
the Minister/' of "War, and* Millerand.
the socialistic Journalistic free lance at
the_ Ministry of 'Commerce.' . * / ;
' SO'CIAIilS'f SI EXPEL HIM. ' .
Redding • Man . Disappears.
; - REDDING, "Sept/, J6^rrBurton i Page
left ; Redding^ on , June ' 2 2 1 - f orf Oregon
With $ 50 0 /on , his" "riersoh for ¦ the : < pur-"
pose "¦ of ? -buying j;h qrs.es. ; j" He ? has r hot
been = heard fromTBihcejby, his wife 'and
she fears"? he ""•' has j met . f oul r play.*4. H e
was I traveling • by f private f, conveyance/
That ' is the opportunity 'M. Miller-,
and foresees, 1 and the Ministry. he then
expects to be asked to form is already,
constituted. " He v will be ; content with
nothing less than- the . Premiership,,
making room for his old friend Michel.
Lagrave (the ; late French ., Commls-.
sioner at St. Louis/who has come, out'
of the Carthusian inquiry with a. very
artificial halo , of martyrdom) .. in [ the
Ministry of Commerce; . Delcasse,. who
is a fixture, 'whatever else may/change,
will remain atlthe. Foreign Office, .'and
Georges Leygues, Waldeck-Rpusseau's
Minister of Public "Instruction; will be
made Minister of the Interior. >Lock
roy,./V Camllle Pelletan's :.' merciless
critic. , will go back to the Marine, and
Doumer,' itvis! understood, .'has made
it : a' condition * of ; ; his .' support thkt ; he
shall- have the Colonies.. with. an espe
cial » eye on •- Indo-China, v which," .with
the Japanese war.raginj? in;the neigh*
borhood;;is giving .'the> French a good
dear of uneasiness, j : Chaumle,\who . has
already* made ; more : than one conces«
slon to ? the /Moderates,.: will'. stick -to
his ¦ presents portfolio . of Public \ In
struction and TBeaux-Arts. : - i ., . . "
'¦'¦ - Mlllerand,V:like "Waldeckr Rousseau,
like .H President '-Loubet •- himself, . is 'a
lawyer; : . indeed "the ybar \ furnishes no
mean , proportion^ oV the r public ; men \ of
France. ?' Commencing at < a militant so-:
cialist,; he first % attracted . attention -'by..
a ' series ' J of i. very -energetic | articles 1 in*
the/ labors press, notably iinvtherPetlte
Republlque./whlch ."at ;.that : -time 'was'
controlled iby, Jaures. . • HIsTchance came
when .Waldeck-Rousseau > made his(ad
venturous 5 ¦ of -ipawer.cwlth
the ' queerest ; coalition : Minlstryj France
bad' ever seen. ¦' Generar de ¦ Callif et, an
PARIS, Sept. '16.— At^thls^ moment
the eyes of all France are ' lipoh: AIpx^!
andre Millerand, who is making : a»de^
termtned and' by no means hopeless
effort to • wrest • the '•Premiership* from'
Emlle Combes. , M.J Combes 'has; made
one or two errors of policy and ; many;
grievances, are harbored against him
by the politicians \ of .different .stripes
that make* up /his working majority'.
Advantage is being taken of this state
of things for all -it' is. worth by 'a re
cently formed coalition, of which M.
Mlller.and is the -organizing and di-;
recting spirit.* ' ,
-As it is pretty well known .by. this
time, M. Combes and his Ministery.
were only : put up by- the late M:- : Wai-,
deck-Rousseau, as 'temporary 'substi
tutes for himself . * and "his friends
and for the" purpose of testing ".public
opinion on > the Anti-Clerical Associa
tion act, and the Premier' h"eld himself
In readiness to • return, with /all_ . his
colleagues, at the first emergency. But
contrary to J expectation thei. ; Combea
Ministry have stuck tenaciously;. to
office and maneuvered so cleverly that
at present^ they : hold * the"> record 'of
longevity In French political ' history.;
Meanwhile W^ldeck-ftoiisseau's late
associates are getting impatient at
their long: enforced inactloiyand none
more so than Millerand.' whose recent
attack on the Minister,. under the pre
text of an interpellation on* the work-^
men's old /age . pension ' scheme, ; , to^
gether with 'the subsequent jaccusation
by ¦ innuendo . of ( blackmail against } M.*
Edgar Combes,: nearly.- brought* about
the Government resignation.-. The At
tack, it Is safe to prophesy," : will; be re
newed before Ion jr>, on some V other
question, and in\ the uncertain and
Intricate game": oL, French political in ••
trigue . a catch-vote will /be -snatched
at to . secure a Government \ minority ;
and the Ministry^ with that .beautiful
lack of logic which .characterizes
lic life in France, ; will resign ; and re
tire in- dismifled' protest. ,:.' */ ;
V'i WANTS PREMIERSHIP, r / >
TAGGART STILL
HOLDS THE HELM
•ALEXANDER SUITER AND. WHO \
<,ASEJBES TO THE PREMIERSHIP *¦
'OF TttE REPUBLIC OF. FRANCE; ".
; BOSTON, Sept. 16.— A sweeping fraud
order, probably trie j most radical and
far-reaching in its effects ever Issued
by the Postoffice Department, was is
sued to-day against the agents of the
Preferred Mercantile Company -of Bos
ton, whose chief officials are under ar
rest, charged with* using the United
States mails for fraudulent purposes.
The men affected are scattered all" over
the country and have been acting as lo
cal agents for the Preferred Mercantile
Company, transacting. its business un
der their own names because of the
company's mail being held up here.
The list includes J. W. Baker, San
Francisco; R. E. Farnum, Bakersfield;
W. A. Gerdes, San Jose;' A. J.j Walker,
San Leandro; • M.- Foster, Oakland;
Henry Walker, Los Angeles; F. B. Ja
cobs, Salt Lake; E. E. Wright, Boise,
Idaho;. M. M. Olney, Spokane; George
O. Smith, Seattle; H.- R. Mitchner, El
Paso, Tex.; J. H. Coleman, Denver; E.
J. Lake, Colorado Springs, and James
G. Bass, Portland, Or. So strong is the
ban that the relatives or wives of these
men cannot reach them by mall, for no
discrimination Is made, between .busi
ness and personal mall. Their business
consisted in selling leases on diamonds
and watches at $1 10 per week, each
contract maturing paying the holder
$200 cash or a $200 diamond.
Postofficc Refuses Use of ¦-. Mails to All
Agents of Preferred Mercantile '
Company /of; Boston. V
WANTS $1500
FOR HIS EAR
DEPART^IEXT.ITSSUES*'*' | "TV -,
.-- ,. SWEEPING FRAUDORDEB
Froiiosition of Joinlns the Western
'jTTfederaUon Is Discussed In
- * i$fc. . -v ConTCntion. .
*. OFUEBLO. Colo., Sept. 16.— The United
3Jlne Workers of District No. 15 met
President Charles H. Mover of the
Western Federation of Miners to-day
to discuss the advisability of cutting
adrift from the national organization
of United Mine Workers and of Joining
the Western Federation.
The greater part of the afternoon
session was spent In listening to an
extended address by President Moyer.
who pledged the entire support of the
Western Federation of Miners, both
moral and financial, to continue the
strike in this district. The matter was
taken under consideration by the con
vention and all indications point to
favorable action, but up to tha hour of
adjournment , no vote had been taken.
It will probably be finally settled to
morrow.
WaMff^
3IINERS MAY LEAVE
i, THE TTNTTKD; WORKERS
TACOMA, Sept. 16. — That Russia's
armored auxiliary cruiser Korea will
put Into Puget Sound is the opinion
that prevails in steamship circles. -If
in need of repairs the presence of the
vessel will not be considered seriously
by the shippers. But should. the Korea
coal and leave within the twenty-four
hour limit it will be taken as a cer
tainty that the Czar's fast war vessel
has been dispatched on a mission to
search for vessels now sailing the
North Pacific Ocean with supplies for
Japanese ports.
Oriental shippers are much worried.
They wonder how many Russian cruis
ers are in this vicinity. Many, believe
the- commander of the Korea has been
ordered to a Pacific Coast port to dis
mantle until the close qf the war.
Others believe the vessel is looking for
liners in the Oriental trade. :-_. < -
Steamship Men of North Believe Ves
sel Is Off Coast.
KOREA IS EXPECTED.
Unfortunate Speculation Is Followed
by Threat of Bank and This
Leads to Collapse.
CRIPPLE CREEK,; Colo., Sept. 16 s .—
Former Congressman John M. Glover
of Missouri, now. a resident of . Cripple'
Creek.j has challenged James T. Stew-'
art, former Sheriff, to meet him at the
west line : of the graveyard \on -Mount
Pisgati. road ¦ some day/next week . to
settle differences, v iv*:;f:;> .-
Glover '¦ leaves ' the r choice of time to
Stewart; 7 but savs he, prefers a date
later than Monday, -as" he has ah en
gagement on that ;day.. Glover has been
a prominent figure. in the Cripple Creek
troubles* . At one? time. he defled^-the
militia.. and was wounded in ¦• the arm
in an assault on him. - - -.„ '/.
Last -Friday Glpver. abused Stewart
and Stewart struck him ..between .the
eyes' knocking him down and giving a
very black hue to both/'optics. ; Friends
parted them. ., V- - -,- r ,, • i
The trouble between?. .Stewart- -and
Glover grows out of .;a letter which
Glover 'wrote in 1901,/. characterizing
Stewart's deputies as : thleyes . and
thugs. .' /'-/ '/ ' ''¦'* '. /.' V-''-/ ¦¦ -\ ¦ '
Glover, .two years ago inijiCG-vernber,
fought Stewart for the : nomination for
Sheriff and succeeded iri'defeatlnghim.
Stewart !s a . candidate again, for .-.the
same office.. Glover r is '-/again* fijghtfng
hlm-and,that is the cauJ^e^of; ine^abiise
Friday.: ~^ '/:.-•* '.¦¦Uil-ti&Z^.* X *<&¦!. ¦¦.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A. B. Costigan & Co., grain and com
mission merchants, doing business at
215 Battery street, have failed, with ac
knowledged liabilities amounting to
$120,759 60, and assets estimated at $48,
€02 60. Yesterday their attorneys, A. R.
Needles and W. D. Grady, filed a peti
tion in bankruptcy in -the United States
District Court for the Northern District
of California and asked for the appoint
ment of a receiver. The. case will come
up in court to-day before Judge de
Haven.
The members of the firm of A- B. Cos
tigan &. Co. are A. B. Costigan and F.
C. Gibbons. The schedules filed yester
day in court with the petition to be de
clared bankrupt set forth that the cred
itors include relatives, to whom large
amounts are said to be due. E. N. Cos
tigan. a relative of A. B. Costigan, is
creditor to the amount of $46,654 "1, and
to J. N. Costigan, another relative, the
sum of J74S2 OS is owing. E. C. Evans,
agent for Dewar & Webb of London,
files one claim for $4S23 78 and also one
for $S5S 92. The secured indebtedness
amounts to $23,700. The largest amount
secured to one creditor is $14,800, to the
Farmers 1 Union Milling Company of
Stockton. D. B. Fairbanks of Petaluma
is secured by deed and conveyance in
the amount of 5S000. The First Nation
al Bank- of San Fraac-Jsco -holds waro
fcsouse receipts for grain in warehouse
to the amount of $9300.
The action of the firm in taking
bankruptcy proceedings was precipi
tated by the First National Bank of
Pan Francisco, which gave notice early
this week that it must have its money
within three days, the alternative being
legal proceedings. It had come to the
knowledge of the bankers that the firm
had been speculating in grain, on the
wrong side of the maj-ket, figuring out
that tho price cf wheat -would fall. The
ptice rose, and the result of this turn
in the market was disastrous to the
firm.
On the face of the schedules the ex
tpfs of liabilities above assets Is $72,
153 S6. Outside of the business of the
house the partners appear to have com
paratively little property. The real
property ofCostigan is estimated to be
worth $17,000. This includes two ware
houses, one at Sanser and one at Clo
vis, also certain lands of small import
ance In the interior. Gibbons has no
real property.
Only one bank is a creditor, the First
National Bank of this city. The mem
bers of the firm say that the grain for
which warehouse receipts were issued
to this bank is actually in warehouses.
The money was loaned by the bank or
these receipts during the present year.
Among the larger creditors are Fyfe,
Manson & Co. of Chico. in the amount
of $4713; Cutter & Mosely of San Fran
cisco, In the sum of $3083; N. Casey.
Ji950; C. A. Owens of Fresno, $1000. and
the American Hop and Barley Cora-
I<stny. $5235.
The debts are mainly on grain con
tiacts ar<1 for money loaned. Among
th«- smaller Creditors, in sums less thai:
J1O00. are the Faciflc Wood and Coal
Company of San Diego, $7C0: T. S. Wil-
I'fcms of San Francisco, $553; J. S. Ack
erman of San Diego, $830, and H. P.
Lane of Santa Barbara and the Pacific
r««£tai Telegraph Company. A meeting
of creditors may be held in a few days,
days.
McMINNVILLE, Ore.. Sept. 18.--.An
explosion of gasoline, which had been
spilled during the course of refilling
an automobile tank this afternoon^
seriously wounded three men, one per
haps fatallv. The wounded are:
James Derby, farmer, McMinnvtlle;
badly cut and internally injured;
thought to be fatal.
George Pearce, Salem, Ore.; cut.
bruised and Internally injured; will
recover.
W. H. Curran, McMinnvllle; crashed,
cut and Internally injured; will re
cover.
Pearce and Curran were reloading
the tank of their automobile and had
spilled about a gallon of the liauid on
a plank bridge. Thinking that tha
gasoline had evaporated, they attempt
ed to light the engine of the automo
bile and ignited the gas arising from
the bridge. Curran and Pearce, with
Derby and several boys who were
witnessing the process of reloading,
were hurled through the air, the bridge
was lifted several feet from its un
derpinning and the vehicle demolished.
The boys escaped without injury.
Code of Honor , the i Only Means by
¦Which Anger of Fiery Missburian
Can Be Assuaged.;.
In Refilling Tank Gasoline Is Spilled
and When Engine Starts First
Spark Explodes tha Fumes.
The disposition of the crew has not
as yet been*.determined. Captain Ber
linsky has been doing his best to have
the authorities here grant him permis
sion to send them home. He stated to
Admiral Goodrich that he was under
heavy expense in keeping the men here
and he wanted to have the opportun
ity offered to him to be allowed to
send them home. He only wanted to
The Russian transport Lena, which
has been the cause of much discussion
and consternation since her arrival
here last -Sunday, went up to Mare
Island yesterday. There she will be
dismantled. Her departure from the
bay is a great relief to Admiral Good
rich. Not that the Admiral feared she
would do any harm to the shipping
and the merchant marine in the har
bor, but it was her presence here that
he feared might result in a demonstra
tion from those unfriendly to her and
to her cause. As soon as she weighed
anchor yesterday and turned her bow
up the stream the Marblehead acted as
her escort to the navv yard. On her
arrival there she found Admiral Mc-
Calla and his staff waiting to receive
her. She then passed from the juris
diction of the commandant of the fleet
in this harbor to that of the command
ant of the navy yard. Her dismantling
will be begun at once. Her guns will
be removed by Her own crew and
turned over to the charge of Admiral
McCalla. These he will keep charge
of until the Russo-Japanese war is
over, or until such time as the Presi
dent may indicate that they are to be
returned.
keep a sufficient number on board to
look after the interests of the vessel
and he hoped that the Admiral could
see his way clear to communicate with
the Government and arrange . matters
in this manner.
Admiral Goodrich and his fleet will
leave port this morning at 11 o'clock.
The fleet Includes the flagship New
York, the Boston, Bennigton and Mar
blehead. They go south to Magdalena
bay for tarset practice. Had it not
been for the unexpected arrival of the
Lena they would have left here last
Monday morning.
Vessel Is Escorted to the Navy*Yard
by the Marblehead.
Liabilities Are $120,759 and
the Assets Are
$48,602.
Ex-Sheriif \ Stewart Asked
to .Meet pirn in
Deadly Cojnbat.
Parmer,LooHDgOn, Receives
Hurt From' Which He
May Die.
A. B. Costigan & Co.
File Bankruptcy
Petition.
OrepAutomoMlists
Are Badly In
jured.
PormerCongfessman
Glover Issues
GMlleiige.
. VALLEJO. Sept. 16. — The Russian auxiliary cruiser Lena Is at
anchor off the southern end of Mare Island. She came up from San
Francisco late this afternoon. She was towed up the bay by the
navy yard tug Unadllla in command of Yard Pilot , Wheeler. The
unprotected cruiser 3iarblehcad acted as convoy. The Lena will not
come up to the yard proper until early to-morrow morning.
Wliile the Lena is at anchor oft* the southern extremity of the
island every care will be taken to prevent any effort that might be
made to injure her. The waters of San Pablo Bay and the Car
quinez Straits will be patrolled by Government launches and tugs
until the Russian ship is safely alongside the Quay wall.
Lieutenant Arthur MacArthur, United States navy, is -on board
the Lena as the representative of the United States Government.
READY FOR DISARMAMENT.
GRAIN MEN
FAIL FOR A
LARGE SUM
MAY FIGHT
A DUEL IN
GRAVEYARD
OVERFLOW
CAUSES BIG
EXPLOSION
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 109.
Alcazar — "Tie Second ta Com
mand."
California— "Marta of tlie low
lands."
Central— "Only a Stop Girl."
Cnnte« — "Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Baffle*."
Tlscnex's— "Aaneuser Pusn.** .
Grand — "Princes* ran Tan.**
Majestic— "la the Palace or tbe
. War."
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "Tae Toreador. 1 *
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
TSfi TBIEATZSS.
rorecast mad* *t San Fran
cisco Xor f thlrtT hour* ending,
mldnirht. September 17:
Baa Praaclsoo and vicinity—
Cloudy or t oetrsr Saturday; fresh
west wind.
o. e. wiLtsosr.
Local Forecaster.
Temporarily la Charre.
THE WEATHER.
The San Francisco Call.SACRAMENTO. Sept.' 16.— In the
introductory 'remarks of his .biennial
report to the Governor, Superintend
ent " of -Public - Instruction ; Kirk states
there are ' abundant, reasons for con
gratulations to county, and city/super
intendents,' to the University Board jot
Regents, ' to' the five -\ State _ Normal
School boards,', to: the 'great .army.of
public school trustees, ; to '.parents . and
teachers v. for." the % Interest > manifested
on l every, hand In the • cause ' of educa
uon.,- v '-.. - • . ¦ "::\\ ;¦-:¦:.•;
State to Be Congratulated.
Baron Hayashl Says Paris' Correspond
{", ent Did' Not^ Qn6w ; Him i Truly.?;
• LONDON,- Sept : 16. ---Baron Hayashl,
Japanese Minister* to London, v was
questioned,: to-day - by - the" ; Pall Mall
Gazette regarding the alleged inter
view: with him- by the London'corre
spondent of '; the Matin; '. 3aron Hay
ashi wrote ;the> following statement::.
"The . Matin .--; correspondent ' Inter
viewed me "- yesterday.- I 'have only,
told him ; .'Japan'' will * fight, ' as she" is
compelled ' to do, as ¦ long as \ Russia
flghts.' l a|HPBnipqHPWB|
; "I have' said nothing- els*. . "
r;--; •TADERAS HAYASHL."
REPUDIATES INTERVIEW.
Calif ornians In New York.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 16. — The fol
lowing Californians are in New York:
From San Francieco^ — C. r Fltzsim
mons, at the : Everett: C. F. Fltzslm
mons,' H. Morgan and wife, at the, St.
Denis; 'R. H. Singleton. ; at the Hoff
man; Miss E. N. Tilton, : at the Am
sterdam; Miss E. Tilton, at the Ash
land; R. Wiese.af the Belvedere: E.
L. Gibbens and A. C. Thornton; at the
Imperial; E. H. Buckman. at the:Cri
terion; Mrs. K. O. Welsch, at the As
tor. . • .: ~. ¦ - • ¦¦ '<y^:
" From San Diego — Dr. M. Graves, at
the Grand.
From Los Angele*r-H. J. Bigley, at
the Raleigh; J. Bloeser and W..X
Bloeser, at the, Grand: Miss L. , M.
Coulter:, and Miss- Co Coulter, at the
Wolcott; Miss M: Ellis, at the Grand;
Miss Vallely "and ; J. S.^Vallely ' and
wife, at the Navarre; G.W.VWlnns
and wife, at the- Grand, Union; Mrs:
L. Potts, at the Park Avenue, B.- A.
Woodf ord, - at ; the > Marlborough ; "; B. P;
Brockway/ at the "Ashland ;^ E.IW. ' Da*
vies. ¦ at ' the" New Amsterdam ; ;Mr«.VWV
A. Harris, at the? Kensington ; P. 8.
Ourfalion. at the Union, S°.uar«fflgW
LONDON. Sept. 17. — The Tientsin
correspondent of the Dally- TelegTaph
says that the Japanese are 1 sending
strong reinforcements to Port" Arthur
by way 'of Louisa Bay. V .,,.
, "It is stated," " the" correspondent
asserts, "that General Kuropatkin In
timated to. the Port Arthur garrison
that they must resist for a month
longer. .--.-." -.-'¦: -. : ; ¦¦•'—'..
: "A* correspondent who was captured
at Liaoyang'. and escaped. to Yinkow.is
reported to have been rearrested. : The
Consul at Yipkow has telegraphed' to
the American' Minister at. Toklo on the
subject." ¦
¦¦'• The Standard's Shanghai correspond-,
eht reports serious ..-disturbances -in
Karigge, in Northern Korea, where 5000
rioters murdered an ; unpopular;- head
man and his son and wounded four
Japanese. _<, t : ; ; :.-.,..-.,;..,, •
Japanese Are Sendlnjr Men to Port
Arthur by Louisa Bay. .'
STRONG REINFORCEMENTS.
PARISfnept. 17.— Extra figures of the
Russian killed and wounded and miss-
Ing before Liaoyang from August 13
to August 26 have been received by the
general staff, according to the Jour
nal's St. Petersburg correspondent.
These amount to two generals, 256 of
ficers and 21.800 soldiers. In addition,
133 &uns were lost. The material losses
include. fortifications costing $30,000,000.
TWO GENERALS KILLED.
The Novoe Vremya draws a parallel
betwopn Liaoyans: and Borodino, where
General Kutusoff'* abandonment of
Moscow to Napoleon was followed by
the disastrous retreat of the French.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 16. 3:26 p.
m. — The Russian military critics, an
alyzing General Kuropatkin's extended
report of the battle of Liaoyang, seem
to unite in cc-nsidering that Field Mar
shal Oyama's purpose having failed,
the honors belong rather to Kuropat
kin than to the Japanese commander
in chief.
Declare That Honors of IJaoyanz De-
Ion? to Kuropatkin.
RUSSIANS CLAIM VICTORY.
RENO, Sept. 16.— Mr*. Jane Wil
liams of Hawthorne, this State, was
found wandering on the desert near
Dunning by passengers on the Incom
ing Carson and Colorado train this
afternoon. The unfortunate woman
was crazy and had suffered untold ¦
agony from thirst, hunger and heat,
having wandered across the desert a
distance of about twelve miles without *
food or water. • M
PORTLAND, Sept 16. — Edwin
Creffeld. leader of. the "Holy Rollers,"
a fanatical religious sect, whose ec
centric manner of worship caused a
sensation at Corvallis this summer,
was to-day convicted by a jury of a
serious crime and sentenced to a term
of two years in the penitentiary.
Creffeld made a rambling statement
to the effect that all his actions had
been guided by the Lord and while
he might be guilty in the eyes of the
people he was not in the eyes of God.
"Holy Roller" Goes to Jail.
Dr. W. J. Nelson of New Market. N.
J., is at the Lick.
Judge George F. Buck of Stockton is
a guest at the Lick.
Dr. B. Williams of Fresno registered
yesterday at the Lick.
Fred T. Duhring, an attorney of So
noma, Is at the Occidental.
Charles B. Bills, a fruit shipper of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Dr. W. O. Wright wife of Poca
tello, Idaho, are at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Robertson and wife of
Livermore ; are at the California.
¦ . W. A. Mackinder, a newspaper man
of St. Helena, is at the California.
Colonel W. B. Fairbanks, a banker
c-f Petaluma, Is staying«at the Grand.
F. H. Kennedy, a" dealer in agricul
tural implements at Stockton, <3 at the
California.
M. A. Wesendonck, president of a
New York life Insurance company, is
registered at the St. Francis.
H. Z. Osborne of Los Angeles, for
mer United States Marshal for the
Southern District of California, is at
the Palace.
H. W. Wills, assistant inanagcr of
the St. Francis, departed yesterday for
a visit to Chicago and, St. Louis. He
will be away for several- weeks.
General G. Escalon, brother of the
President of Salvador, arrived from
the southern republic yesterday and is
staying at the Occidental. He has
come to this country to visit the St.
Louis Exposition. ..
Thomas H. Williams, president . of
the New California Jockey Club, re
turned yesterday from a business trip
to Mexico. He will remain here about
ft week and will then leave for a visit
to the large Eastern cities. •
Messrs. Hardelay and Raffard ' of
Paris '4and De la Rochett of Lyons,
prominent civil engineers of France,
arrived here yesterday and are regis
tered at the Palace. They have been
visiting the St. Louis Exposition and
are now tourlngr the Pacific Coast.
General Manager 'C. H. Mark ham of
the Southern Pacific Company has de
parted -for St. Louis, -where he will
visit the exposition. From there : he
expects to be called to Chicago to at
tend a conference of" the heads of the
executive departments of the Harri
man roads, at which matters' pertain
ing to the standardizing of the lines
in the big railroad system will be dis
cussed.
PERSONAL.
"We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall," the best 51 fountain
pen in the world. Sanborn. Vail & C<x.
741 Market street. •
The roster of Precinct 73, Thir
ty-ninth Assembly District, is now
in the custody of the Grand Jury and
deposited in a safety box in a down
town bank, where it is to be kept until
needed in court in prosecutions of the
primary election frauds, of which it
beard evidence. Registrar Adams gave
up possession of "the record yesterday
on van order from Judge Kerrigan to
deliver it to the Grand Jury.
Foreman A. Lllienfeld announced
that the roster would be available in
the case of Charles Wyman, who had
been arrested on a 1 charge of voting
the name of S. H. Mann, and for any
other prosecutions the Merchants' As
sociation might Institute. But the
Grand Jury purposes to make an in
vestigation itself of the alleged viola
tions of the purity of election law and
it was primarily for thi3 reason that
the care of the records was sought.
Next Tuesday evening at 7:30 o'clock
the jurors will begin an examination
of the roster, which is said to show
plain evidence of forgery of names of
bona fide residents that were voted by
the stuffers. ' . _
"The investigation by. the Grand Jury
will not. conflict with anything that
tl'ie Merchants' Association might do
toward bringing the la-.v. breakers to
Ju«tice," explained the foreman. But
from some quarters comes expression,
of doubt as to whether Lllienfeld will
be able to make good this assurance,
for it is suspected that Influences are
at i work In the Grand Jury to shield
a number of those who may be lmpll-
An effort was made yesterday to
have the roster photographed, and
Foreman Lllienfeld had a camera man
waiting in the anteroom, but Regis
trar Adams made such strong protest
end was supported by a number of the
grand Jurors so vigorously that the
attempt was given* up. It is believed
that the preservation of the records
is now assured, however, and that pho
tographic copies could serve/ no pur-
P °The Registrar came before the Jury
with the records mentioned in the sub
pena issued the day before, when a
request was made that he yield up
possession so that an investigation of
alleged frauds could be begun, he re
fused on the ground that the Election
Commission alone had the authority to
surrender custody, he being : only a
ministerial officer of that body. Jurors
Lilienfeld, Milton S. Esberg and Otto
Jungblut then proceeded to Judge Ker
rigan's courtroom and procured an or
der '" Suggestion was made to Bailiff
Dobbin that he forcibly take^ the rec
ords from Adams If he refused to obey
the court's direction, but the officer
said that such a step would be beyond
the bounds of his authority. The sug
gestion was unnecessary, for Adams
did not undertake to show contempt
for the Judge's order. "
Police Judge Cabaniss investigated a
rep6rt yesterday that the bondsmen
for Charles Wyman. who was arrest
ed last Wednesday for fraudulent vot
ing, did not own' property as they set
ifcrth when making oath before Judge
Mogan. who accepted them as securi
ties. The assessment roll had beenex
flrnined by T. I. Fltzpatrick, the bond
Sdwar?Int clerk, and it failed to re
veal ' the names of P. Carf agni and
Edward Ewald. th^ bondsmen. .
Judge Cabaniss Jssued bench war
rants for Wyman . and .the sureties but
after hearing the statement or^ Car
ftomi who proved to own property
v?o?th inore than UO.OOO/Iet^the mat
ter'drop." Carfagni purchased the real
#*tate in- July, subsequent to the mak
ing of the assessment. It wa« learned
that Ewald has inherited property since
that, time;: •"¦•'. //">.-'" -¦''¦¦¦"¦¦'-;
The Terek fired three blank shots
to bring the steamer about. Two Rus
sian officers and two armed men
boarded the Margit Groedel and over
hr.uled her papers. The captain of
thp Margit Groedel was asked to sign
a declaration that he had not been
l>ut to any inconvenience by the de:ay.
Ii*» at first refused, but, when told that
his steamship would be detained until
the arrival of the Russian admiral, the
declaration was signed and the collier
was allowed to proceed. One of the
Ivussian officers informed the captam
of the Marjit Groedel that there were
nine other Russian cruisers in the
vicinity.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 16.— The
British ship Margit Groedel, with a
ciirso of coal from Cardiff for Sulina,
reports that she was stopped by the
KusFian cruiser Terek on September 6
eff Cane St. Vincent.
CJrocdel and Makes a Search,
Kustoan Cruiser SU»|>s the Marsrit
MERCIL1NTMAN IS HALTED.
SAFE BOX NOW
HOLDS ROSTER
Thomas- Dunbar, 90 years old, applied
for lodgings at the City Prison shortly
after midnight, claiming that he was
friendless and homeless. According to
the old man's story he formerly owned
the site upon which the Hall of Justice
now stands, and said that Dunbar al
ley, in the rear of the big structure,
was named after him.
Dunbar said he came .to San Fran
cisco in 1844 and obtained the title to
the Hall of, Justice site, which he after
ward sold to the city. . With, the pro
ceeds he engaged In speculation, which
finally broke him, and for years he has
been penniless. As a last resort he
sought permission to rest his weary
body within the stone walls of the
building that stands on the ground
which he formerly owned.
Former Owner of Hall of Justice Site
Sleeps In the City Prison.
Conductor Edward Emgenauer and
Grlpman George Gllderman of McAl
lister street car No. 254 were thrown
from their car and severely injured
shortly before 1 o'clock this morning.
The car had just crossed Fillmore
street on its westbound trip when the
grip suddenly struck something, caus
ing the car to stop with such violence
as to throw the gripman through the
glass window to the street. The con
ductor was thrown through the glass
door. None of the passengers were
hurt, though the shock was severe.
At the Central Emergency Hospital
the men were treated— Gilderman for
a number of bruises and contusions of
the face and head. Engenauer for lacer
ations of the forehead. Though the
wounds are painful in both cases there
is no danger of serious results. It is
not known what the grip struck.
Grip Strikes Obstruction and Throws
Crew Violently Through Glass
to the Street.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 17, 2:20 a,
m.— A rumor which it is impossible to
confirm has been in circulation for
some time that Vice Admiral Douba
soff is to succeed Vice Admiral Avel
lan as the head of the Admiralty De
partment. In well Informed circles the
change is regarded as possible. Should
it prove to be true, there are reasons
for supposing it to be the outcome of
the controversy over contraband trade,
in which Admiral Avellan strongly op
posed any concessions to the British
and American protest. Admiral Doub
asoff is one of the three naval heroes
of the Turkish war. Skrydloff , Skesta
koff and Doubasoff were associated in
the famous torpedo attack upon the
Turkish monitors. Doubasoff is ex
tremely popular in the navy and is held
to be a man of great force and resolu
tion. At present he is a member of the
consulting council of the navy.
Head of Russia's Navy.
Vice Admiral Doubasoff May Be New-
McALLISTER-STREET CARMEN
IN EMERGENCY HOSPITAL
POVERTY FORCES HIM .
TO BEG FOR LODGINGS
TO SUCCEED AVELLAN.
lj«l>omr Nicholas. Commends Araiy
for IJravcry at Liaoyang.
LONDON*. Sept. 16.— A dispatch to a
ne*s agency from Mukden, dated Sep
tember 16, says that in a general order
issued by 4ier.eta.l Kuropaikin- to-day
the following message from Emperor
Nicholas to the general was published:
"I see from your report" that you
vere unable to hold the fortress of
Liaoyanfr. owing to the enemy threat
ening to cut off your communications.
The retreat of the whole army in such
Olflirult circumstances and over such
terrib!<* roads was an operation excel
lently carried out in the face of grave
UifflcuJtics. I thank you and your
splendid troops for their heroic and
continued self-sacrifice. God guard
you. NICHOLAS."
Commenting on his Majesty's mes
sage, Oeueral Kuropatkin says it con
tains further expression of lofty benev
olence on the part of the Emperor, and
adds:
"I am auite sure that. in the work
that lies before the Manehur'an army
every soldier will put forth his best
effort? tj achieve victor}" over the
enemy and become worthy of the con
fidence of the Emperor."
Kuropatkin ordered the Emperor's
message to be read to all the troops
with solemn ceremony.
GZAB THANKS KUKOPATKIX.
The evacuation of the railway sta
tion was also carried out under a
heavy fire. The railroad men showed
the most admirable coolness and dis
cipline. There were not enough trains
to carry all the artillery. At the last
moment the First Siberian Flying Ar
tillery procured an empty truck, upon
which the soldiers loaded their six-inch
mortars by hand and then pushed the
truck across the river under a direct
It was decided on the night of Sep
tember 3 to abandon Liaoyang. The fol
lowing day all the stores were removed
from the forts around the city, from
the Russian settlement and from Liao
yang. and the dead were, buried and
sentries gradually withdrawn. A ter
rible hall of projectiles was falling In
the city, especially in the. .Church
Square and around the house where
General Kuropatkin had been living.
The evacuation was , productive of
many deeds of heroism and self-sac
rifice. By an oversight a sentry at the
commissariat store was not relieved
and remained at his post. A similar
fate almost overtook a little guard of
engineers at a warehouse close to the
Chinese wall, who was not relieved
until the commander of the garrison,
making a final round, ordered them off.
The building had already been set on
fire by Japanese shells. The men
marched out, carrying their tools, under
a hail of projectiles.
RETREATING UNDER FIRE.
The Japanese flre was terrific and
mowed down whole companies, but the
Neshinsks went on, gaining .ground
inch by inch till, finally, they reached
the top. Then there was a frightful
hand to hand struggle. The Japanese
were obliged to fall back, and ithe
Neshinsk Regiment occupied the hill,
which they managed to hold until even
ing. Then, unable to withstand the
concentrated artillery fire, of the Jap
anese, the Neshinsks had to descend.
Its terrible fight cost the regiment more
than half its men and three-fourths of
its officers. The heights will henceforth
be known among the Sevententh Corps
as "Xeshinsk HilL"
Nine companies of the Tenth Euro
pean Regiment held this hill, supported
on the right by the Bolkhoff regiment,
with the Xeshinsk regiment in reserve.
Here occurred the most brilliant en
counter and "the most desperate fight
ing of the whole battle. On September
1 the Japanese concentrated their ar
tillery fire upon the hill and by evening
occupied it. The Neshinsk regiment
was ordered on the next day to retake
the hill, and after artillery preparation,
headed by its colonel on horseback, the
regiment tried to rush the heights.
FIGHT HAND TO HAND.
MUKDEN, Sept. 6. via St. Peters
burg, Sept. 17. 2:37 a. m.—Sdpplement
ary details of the battle of Liaoyang
show that the First" and Third Siberian
Corps alter bravely withstanding the
onslaught of six divisions of the Japa
nese army under Generals. Oku and
Nodzu while holding a position south of
Liaoyang received orders to cross the
river on September 1 to -join the 10,000
troops in advancing against General
Kuroki, who was threatening the Kus
sian positions. :- V- ¦•
Meanwhile the defense of the Russian
positions on the southern bank of the
river was intrusted to the Second and
Fourth ' Corps, which were given posi
tions around the city. The, center of
gravity had now been transferred to
the right bank of the river.
• The -Seventh Corps, which had been
stationed there, was subjected on Aug
ust 31 to a heavy . bombardment by
Japanese artillery -situated north, of
Syfcwantunr- The tactical key of this
position was a solitary hill, whence the
Japanese could be seen crossing the
river at Wankwantun.
at Liaoyanx.
Deeds of Heroism Displayed on Field
STORY OF THE FIGHTING.
STv PETERSBURG, Sept. 16, 5;;35
p. m.— The Associated Press dispatches
from Mukden announcing that, accord
ing to information from Chinese
sources, the Japanese are leaving a
garrison at Liaoyang and their main
force is concentrating at Bentsiaputze,
twenty miles southeast of'' Mukden, and
that another force, whose strength has
not been established, is moving up the
Liao Valley. The greater part of Field
Marshal Oyama's army, however, is
still near Yentai, encamped along the
heights between the mines and the rail
roads. While the "War Office does not
expect an. immediate advance, the pre
liminary dispositions, of the Japanese
forces are taken to indicate that the
Japanese intend, when they advance, to
strike from the eastward. They seeem
to be avoiding the territory west of the
Liao River, possibly because.it is flat
and. would give the Russians! the ad
vantage of their superiority in cavalry.
Chinese residents fleeing to Mukden
complain that" the Japanese are pil
laging Liaoyang.
General Sakharoff telegraphs a formal
denial of several of Oyama's state
ments. . He says the alleged dumdum
.bullets, found "at Liaoyang are simply
the' regulation square nosed bullets of
the service revolver. They are of the
same caliber as the Russian rifle of
1891 and the bullets are all lead, are not
jacketed and are in no wise dumdums.
The general also denies the statement
that . the Japanese captured a large
quantity of ammunition. He says they
only obtained possession of a few* boxes
of empty cartridge shells, and says it
is not true that the Russian rolling
stock. fell into the hands of the Japan
ese. Only two old trucks, he adds; were
left on a siding.
Dumdum Bullets at Liaoyang.
Sakhnroff Says Japanese Found Xo
CONTRADICTS OYAMA.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 16.— A dis
patch from Mukden says the Russian
patrols up to the present have repulsed
all Japanese outpost attacks and that
communication v.1th Fir.miiHin has not
btvu interrupted. All Russian strag
glers, according to this dispatch, have
arrived at Mukdon.
General Sair.sonoiT has been promoted
u> the rank of general of division.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sent. 17. 2:25 a.
m,— The War Office has heard the re
l>ort of an apparent Japanese concen
tration against the flanks of General
Kuropatkin's army preparatory to an
advance toward Mukden. While it is
not in a. position to confirm or deny
the report, it would surprise the War
Office should ' Field Marshal Oyama
hav*- \h^n able in such a short time ti»
organize his forces for a serious ad
vance ::orthward.
To that extent ¦ ' Count LamsdorfC's
reply to Embassatior McCormick may
not be satisfactory * to the United
State!!. Count Lamsdorff's victory -in
this controversy, while not absolutely
complete, is perhaps noteworthy as
having been achieved against powerful
adverse interests. At one time it seem
ed doubtful whether any - concessions
could be obtained, but yesterday the
Emperor sanctioned the decision, which
Count Lamsdorff communicated to Em
bassador Hardinge to-day.
IX)NDON, Sept. 16.' — The Foreign
Office has received a dispatch-from Em
bassador Hardinge, at St. Petersburg,
giving Russia's reply to the representa
tions on the subject of contraband of
war. While disinclined to express an
opinion, it is understood that the For
eign Office considers the reply as sat
isfactory, inasmuch as the concessions
are a distinct yielding on the part of
the Russian Government to the claims
of Great Britain. It is said at the For
eign Office that, while anything like a
crisis was averted by the reply, it does
not close the matter completely,^ and
further discussion will probably ensue.
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne and
Premier Balfour are both absent, but
Sir Charles Hardinge's dispatch was
forwarded to them, -and pending their
action nothing is available at the For
eign Office beyond a general expression
of opinion that the reply goes a long
way toward settling the question as
to what, in the future, may be properly
regarded as contraband of war. Accord
ing to the British. view, there are still
open certain questions of principle, -but
it Is believed that these will be ar
ranged in the course of further nego-
MAY NOT SUIT AMERICA.
In this way Russia preserves her
dignity by not making an open purien
der. - it the same time consenting to the
interpretation asked for by the United
States and Great Britain in the interest
of the rights of the neutral commerce.
In rome respects, however, there is
good ground for the belief that the con
tention of the United States— that :ail
way material and certain kinds of ma
chinery be classed as conditionalcon
traband—will not be accepted.
Russia, in Count Lamsdorff's re
sponse to Embassador Hardlnge, in
principle meets the views of the "Amer
ican and the British Governments re
garding foodstuffs and coal and other
fuel as being conditional contraband
of war, distinctly placing them in the
category of articles susceptible of uses
both in war and peace, and, as such,
only confiscatable when consigned to
blockaded ports or destined to military
or naval forces of the enemy.
Count Lamsdorff s reply was not pre
sented in written form, but was com
municated verbally to EmbassadoT
Hardtnge. It will not involve public
amendment of the Russian contraband
and prize regulations, but, in effect, it
becomes an official interpretation of
the original regulations made by the
commission composed of representa
tives of the Ministries of Foreign,Af
fairs, Marine. War and Justice, which
considered the subject in connection
with the' objections raised by the
United States and Great Britain and,
as such, will hereafter govern naval
commanders and prize courts, which
thus far in the war have classed all
articles enumerated in article 6 of. the
Russian. regulations as absolute contra
band.. ? • . . .-.. ... . .;.
AS TO FOODSTUFFS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 16. 7:26
"p. m.— Russia has given her answer to
the American and British notes on the
subject of contraband of war. Her
answer was communicated to Embas
sador Hardlnge this afternoon verbally
by Foreign Minister Lamsdorff. The
Embassador was informed in effect
that according to the decision of the
commission. which has investigated the
subject, the Government has agreed to
the view as to conditionally contraband
character for foodstuffs and that sup
plementary instructions had been is
sued to the Russian naval command
ers and prize courts, calling their at
tention to the misinterpretation which
had been placed upon the prize regu
lations. These instructions, Sir Charles
Hardinge was informed, make a clear
distinction between the. articles enu
merated in article six of the Russian
prize regulations which are susceptible
to dual use, like fuel and foodstuffs,
the acsumpt4on being that if they are
addressed to private persons or firms
in an enemy's port they* are not In
tended for warlike uses; but their in
nocent character may be subiect to
suspicion if the ship's papers and the
circumstances are irregular. In effect
the new instructions will place the
burden of proof that the foodstuffs,
etc., are designed for belligerent pur
poses'upon the captor.
The new 'instructions will involve a
reversal of the judgment of the
Vladivostok prize court by the Ad
miralty court In the case of the pro
visions confiscated. A direct answer
to the American note is expected to
morrow.
Japanese Menace
the Flanks of
Slav Army.
May Reply to the
American Note
'.k To- Day.
A number of sectional torpedo-boats
has been supplied to* Russia by Ger
many. It is Quite sure that neither
Mukden nor Tiding will be sePiously
held. The latter has been called the
Thermopylae of Manchuria, but it can
easily be burned. Owing to the latest
news from Port. Arthur, the idea of the
Baltic fleet starting appears to be quite
abandoned. ¦-¦*.¦•
ST. PETERS" "RG, S?pt. 16. — The
situation of General Stoessel at Port
Arthur is considered exceedingly crit
ical, owing to a lack of ammunition.
The fact cannot be surprising to any
une who has noted the terrific output
' of Fhot and shell since January last.
General Stoessel, .according to the
tenor of a dispatch a few days ago,
his full liberty to sr-render when he
finds the situation hopeless.
Independent and apart from" a
scarcity of ammunition the garrison
for gome time has been reduced to a
diet of black bread, while masses of
unburied bodies, which the Japanese
refuse to allow to be buried, cause a
terrible pollution of the air.
General Kuropatkin telegraphs that
he wants more officers, and great efforts
are being made to provide them. An
ofiiclal order has been issued relieving
employes of State railways qualified to
serve as officers.
fire of shells Just before the bridge was
destroyed. Iieconnoissance operations
were greatly impeded by the standing
crops of Chinese corn, which is four ;
teen feet in height. . .
There were many narrow escapes,
owing to the similarity of the Russian
uniforms with those of the Japanese.
Serious results : were prevented, how
ever, by the' Russian officers directing
that the men must not shoot except on
specific orders. The Japanese, on the
other hand, destroyed the whole of
their own Forty-first Regiment by fir
ing upon it in mistake for a Russian
force.
Russians Repulse
Attack on the
Outposts.
Russia Modifies
Contraband Reg
ulations.
Stoessel Instructed to Surrender
When Situation Is Hopeless.
PORT ARTHUR MAY SOON CAPITULATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
2
The younger folks as well as the older /^^^^^^^^^
demand to be dressed becomingly and -W^^^^SL^
seasonably. Brown has always made it a If
• - : particular concern to have the largest /[ fi^|ll§^^
and- most comprehensive display of j
youths' and chi.'dr^n's garmentsMn the •
West. There is no style of boys' clothing U W&
not found here, .and many are seen at \ Wl
this store exclusively. Clo.hes for every ML M
occasion and purpose; the dressy and SwisS /5§p
the every day at prices extremely low.
<J||l ¦ Yomii^ ; Russifln
' ."Mbii's ;Swits [ Blouses ¦' : ||j
/^S83|S|WS^ Single and double breasted. a*A to 8 years. In Brown's Bus- .
JpttS^lSfe^^ \-BuUt on the -broad' and manly ters, Military ' and Sailor Collar
/SP^^^I^Sra lincs: In all the prevaiUng brown styles. All the new shades and
'. and green shades, and for dress colorings 'are amply represented.
X&pti " *3*$*r-- the solid colors. Cheviots, serees. ..Beautiful and tasteful trimmines.
%M' '-^^^ '*' fanc y unfinished worsteds, black Mothers will find our larze as- : ; -. ,
*8**^8ffl Thibets. 14 to = 20 years. sortment affords an easy choice.
¦ |9 $7.50 to $25 $5 to $15
¦^^B^S " °P en Saturda / Ni s ht Til1 Tcn *
I ffl Wt$m Mill TO MAN
¦¦¦jf I 516-5^ MARKET ST.naoMEPv 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' | /. ..
A Kireless Message tfQ*
' v1 *^* Sjrh v.J'
\f$fi» \ A"l4l^ *&^*^— " B/fwf f«
\J^ $ 1 2*00 and Upward ,^^5^
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND EX ECTRIC CO,
: i 415 POST STREET.
j4\c4 i rl t^m UJ Ins wTft Om Wsm V%* A l?]l R9
M& and daily excursions in Pullman tourist *^^
• Ms^sleeping cars without change from LoswB
BB Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San^aB
BB Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, »m
MS Stockton, Sacramento and other California ll
ii points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific 11
i|| and Chicago & North -Western Railways ||r
11 though jo CHICAGO..' #1
lland the East. Fast trains. Excellently
Dining car service a. la carte. BB
Choice of routes. Low round-trip rates. #$r
Double berth to Chicago only $7.00._«£.
ii'z Sontiara P»di) twkrt i$raa Sir fall lilbrautioB.
• /SfflsS^Z^ffi R * R ' RITCHI£< G * neral IgintPullic'Ciiait, .fjUW
r. ADVERTliS£aLENT5. ; ; . . " ___'
j| attain a. degree of .excellence which would place this- instru- ¥
jjj nient in the front rank of liigh-grade pianos.' In consequence [l
Jjf of this the merits of the Packard piano long ago compelled II
¦n recognition from every source, and its popularity to-day is If
ll widespread and on the increase. It is a star in the ¦ ascend- '• ' M'
JJ\ It is easy to own a "Packard by our special and liberal " Jy i
1 Ih6 WllfeV ¦ D» /\U6I1 v/O* i
|1 + 93f-933 Market Street San Francisco. J
ill " 'Oakland,'' San 'Jose, Sacramento,^ Eureka : and 'Saii Diego. #1Any fool may Ualk,, but; it .takes -a
.wlseguy-to-getillBtenedrto.' y
From 1858 to 1888, ; thirty . years, 7321
divorces :•¦ were granted, in r England.' ¦
From ; 1867 to 1S86, nlneteenfyears, v 328,*
716 divorces were granted in the United
8tates.tn£aQMtaMHngM
Attendance Not Officially Announced,
.but, It Is Estimated, Records Will
" Show 404^430 Admissions.
ST. LOUIS, SepCl6. v — The [exact at
tendance, at" the? World's Fair. grounds
yesterday,: SV! Louis : day, v has * not": yet
been- officially-" announced," although
it was. glven^out, to-night that 404,450
admissions : were ; recorded, '. ,"
Index cards, filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers- and all modern office systems in
our stationery department. Printing and
bookbinding at lowest prices. . Sanborn
Vail & Co.; 741 Market street - ¦••*'
Card Systems and Cabinets.
NEW LAND COMPANY.— Articles . of .In
corporation were filed yesterday by the Pacific
Coai-t Land Company, the object of which It to
engage in and carry on a general real estate,
mercantile and trading business, to explore for,
lease or otherwise - acquire i water. * rights - or
other privileges for use or for sale.'. The offi
cers of tfce company are John "Af. Benson,
George . H. Perrln. C: E. - Glover, James ¦ H.
Lavenron and B. McGlllan. The capital stock
bf the corporation is $75,000, of which 'each has
subscribed $1CO. 'AdM&aeaMHMMKBSMKHfli
MANY VISIT WORLD'S
FAIR ON ST. LOUIS ?DAY
Thomas J. Bailey, alias Edward
Burke, was tried .before a jury : In
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday on a
charge of robbery. . The jury , brought
in a verdict .of assault with intent to
commit grand larceny. A few days
ago Edward Weldon was ; tried oh the
same charge and' the jury's verdict
was assault 'with Intent to commit
robbery. Harry Scott, a third de
fendant,.will be tried on Monday. The
three men- were charged with , holding
up Florian Andrea, a rancher : from
Bay View, on the night of July 12 on
Stevenson . street and robbing him of
a purse containing $80.
Juries Differ in Verdicts.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The fol
lowing postmasters were appointed to
day:
. Calif ornia— Conception, Santa Bar
bara/ County,,, Irving D. Mabie, vice
Lewis Stice, resigned; 'Glendale. Los
Angeles County, Mabel L. Dackman,
vice Frank G. Taylor,* removed ; Mar
shall; , Marln " County; Ennio G. , Majr^
getti, vice Sylvio J., Maggetti. re
signed. • . , ~
— Alphan, , Lane County,
Mary. E." Potter, vice Charles A. Pot
ter,-.dead;: Kellogg, Douglass County,
John '. L. Fisher, . vice ; Donald . McDon
ald,- resigned; Monitor; Marion County,
Jesse E. u F. Short, vice .William E.
Owen, . resigned: "/ Plalhview, ; Lynn
County, Frank JR. Duncan, vice David
M.>, Bonar. ¦ resigned; Sams Valley,
Jackson County,; Mary ;E. . Gardner,
vice ; Clark resigned : Sylvan,
, ilultnomah : County, ¦ Dr. £L : M. Cooke
Large Number of Postmasters , Re
ceive Appointments in tills State/ : :
Oregon and Washington.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THi: PACIFIC COAST
CLERK-CARRIER EXAMINATIONS. — Th«
United States CMi * Service Commission an
nounced clerk and carrier examinations- at
Facramento, Los Angeles. San Diego and
Fresno oa November 19, and at Pasadena.
6an Jo«« and Stockton November 16. Age
limits. 18 to 45 years." Apply to the secretary
of the Board of the .Civil. Service Examiners,
Postoffic*. Ssn Francisco, or to the local rep
resentatives of the commission at the places
mentioned for 1 , application form 1371. -
Ethel Evans asks for a divorce from
Benjamin Evans on the ground of de
sertion. They were married in Oak
land March 11. 1902.
Anna Durlca yesterday filed answer
to the suit of her husband, Adam Du
rica, for divorce, denying the charge
of desertion and maklne the same
charge" against her husband. She
asks for $20. a week for maintenance
while . the suit ; is
Kate Fender 'obtained a, divorce
from Joshua Fender on the ground' of
willful desertion.
Suit for divorce was begun yester
day by Mabel L. Semmins from Willie
Semmins, whom she charges with
cruel and inhuman treatment. They
were married in this city on February
1. Shortly afterward, the wife says,
she made discoveries on which she
bases her suit for separation. She
sues for maintenance and counsel
fees and also that she may be permit
ted to resume her maiden name of
Thlstleton.
a Failure Ask for Severance
of Bonds.
Those to Whom Marriage Has Proved
SEPARATION IS SOUGHT
BY MISMATED COUPLES
Primo Torroni, proprietor of a sa
loon and dance ¦ hall at 328 Pacific
street, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Policeman Joy on a warrant
from Police Judge Mogan's ¦ court,
charging him with assault with a
deadly weapon. ' The complainins; wit
ness, John D. Barm, a cook, says that
he was in Torronl's saloon on
Wednesday night and. had some words
with an Italian. The bartender struck
him on the lace and Torroni came up
behind him and struck him twice on
the head with a club, 'knocking him
unconscious. Fourteen stitches were
put in his scalp at the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital.
dabbed . on the Head. %
¦Mrs, Carrie G. Davis, superintend
ent of the Oriental bureau of the
Women's Home Missionary Society of
the Methodist EplscoDal church, has
applied for the , guardianship of Mee
Ho, a 16-year-old Chinese girl. *
In the application it is alleged that
-Mee Ho "Is now held in the custody
of Jun Kun, a Chinese, her godfather,
at the detention shed in this city and
county against the will of the said
minor, for the purpose of marrying:
her to one Tong Leong against her
will and. wish,, as said minor is desir
ous of attending school under the in
struction of, the Oriental bureau of
the Women's Home Missionary So
ciety."
It is further set forth in the peti
tion for gruardianship that the peti
tioner believes the "- so-called god
father, Jun Kun,- "belongs to the so
called highbinder class of Chinese,
said class having no respect for our
laws."
It is added that if Jun Kun were
aware of the present action he would
immediately attempt to secrete the
girl and take her out of, the jurisdic
tion of the San , Francisco courts. "
Members of Jllsslonary Society Say
" Mee Ho Is to' Be' Married
Against Her Will.
SEEKING THE CUSTODY
. OF A CHINESE GIRL
At the recent annual meeting- of the
British and American Union directors
were elected as follows: Professor. H.
R. Fairclough, Dr. A. E. Sykes.
George Grant, T. K. K. Cormac, T. C.
West, Thomas Pennington, Herbert
Harris, W. B. Chapman, R. H. Grey.
Thomas Price, William Pardy, C. * B.
Sedgwick, G. A. Wrieht, J. J. New
begin, F. W. d'Evelyn.
The directors have chosen "officers
from among their number as follows:
President, F. W. d'Evelyn; firsts vice
president, G. A. Wright; second vice
president, George Grant; third vice
president, W. B. Chapman; treasurer,
William Pardy; secretary, Charles B.
Sedpwick; corresponding secretary, T.
C. West; auditor, R..H. Grey.
The Earl of Euston has accepted
honorary membership -in the union
and in doing so he stated to President
d'Evelyn that the society's object,
that of bringing American and Briton
closer together, was one he had long
had at heart and was a work in which
he would.be happy to engage.
Earl of Huston Becomes Member and
Says He Wants to See Nations
Friendly.
The strict surveillance kept over the
Chinese women on exhibition at ttie
St. Louis fair, requiring a personal re
port from each of them every twenty
four hours, has discouraged the lead
erc of the ring here, formed to bring
thtse women for the purpose of traffic.
A cable has been sent from San Fran
cisco to Hongkong delaying the im
portation of those waiting there.
Among these are the rest of the
twenty girls who were expected on the
Siberia. Sixteen were kept by the
health officers in Hongkong. The four
allowed to come were the pick of the
lot. . being young, beautiful and valu
able, and they were sped on their way
a few days after the arrival of the
Siberia in port.
The man who is attending to the
job on this side of the water, and one
of the three who accompanied the
eight women of the first batch sent
over by the ring, is Lee Toy, the so
called "Mayor of Chinatown," of Phil
adelphia. He is now In San Francis
co. His oresence here is not known
even to his own cousins, and It prob
ably means that another "trick that ia
peculiar" Is about to be played. Lee
Toy stays at Cum Lung's store, 727
Sacramento street, when he comes to
town. -.
Traffickers in Women of Orient Un
easy Under Watchful Eye of
Government Officials.
STRICT SURVEILLANCE
DISCOURAGES CHINESE
>¦;¦¦', *
BRITISH AXD AMERICAX
UXIOX HOLDS SESSION
they paint— and the same may b«
truthfully said of some sociely women.
Some artists are not half as bad aa
' Business failures in the United States
for the week ending'September '16 num
ber 167. against 144 last week, 170 In the
Hkejweek.ln 1903 and .182 Inil902.;in
Canada failures jfor, the, week; number
28, as against 14 last year. H9B
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
While there are diverse movements in
domestic and foreign -trade, the ten
dency as a whole is for improvement
along conservative lines. Buoyancy in
the stock market, possibly largely
manipulated, and the strength • of ce
real prices are factors stimulating to
trade, .but the advance of the fall sea-'
son, : with , cooler lnV some | sec
tions and the prospects of good returns
to the agricultural : interests, despite
the heavy shortage In. the wheat yield,
are -all elements tending to encourage
buying. • The feeling in many lines Is
that as the - season . advances and the
corn, situation becomes clearer the
need of additional reorders will result
In a " fair volume of trade, comparing
better with fall business ; a . year ago
than did last spring's trade with the
corresponding period of last year. Rail
way earnings reflect a heavy traffic. ?
Telegrams to Bradstreet's, indicate a
fair expansion in Western trade," though
buying, from the corn-growing sections
is still cautious. Trade 1b brisker at
nearly all; Pacific Coast ¦ points, though
San Francisco wholesale trade Is rather
smaller; than expected, v
Wheat- (including flour) exports .for
the ; week ending September 15 aggre
gate- 935,834 bushels, -as compared with
1,995,621 ; bushels last week, 1,990,000
bushels last year and 5,435,323 bushels
In 1902. From July 1 to date the exports
aggregated 15,296,117. bushels, .- against
33,164,251 bushels last year; 53.933,065
bushels in 1902 and 69,656,753 bushels In
1901.^lESPB8HBHffl»^BjBapMBWMtt
At the easier terms there has ap
peared a liberal demand for Chicago
packer hides, fully 100,000 being sold
during the week. No recovery in price
Is noted, .however, and foreign dry
hides are barely steady.
Failures this week amounted to 224 in
the United. States, against 219 last year,
and 21 in Canada, against 19 a year
ago. V • •
NEW YORK; Sept. 16.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s weekly, review. of trade to-morrow
will say:,' > ; . . . •'
Industrial and commercial -progress Is
slow, but ;r»>ne the less , definite. Low
temperatures and some injury to crops
provide the only adverse influences of
the week, and this has little effect upon
manufacturers and traders, who have
started to prepare for increased busi
ness. Buyers of dry goods, clothing
and millinery are notably active in
placing orders, and other staple lines
also feel the effect of gradually expand
ing confidence. Even if the official crop
estimates of September 1 have to be
moderately reduced because . of bad
weather since that date, there is full
compensation to growers in the en
hancement of the prices, and the
strength of securities indicates the
faith of the financial world. Many mills
and furnaces have resumed because of
new orders or adjustment of wage
scales, and prices are steadier in most
cases. It is not unusual to hear fall
trade spoken bf as fully equal to last
year's, although . collections are not
prompt at several cities. Freight trafr
flc blockades are not as frequent as
they were at this time in 1903, yet there
is occasional complaint, and earnings
in September were 5 per cent larger
than a year ago. * :¦>"?,
"This gives Northern and Central
California 3964.3 more carloads and 44,
642.9 tons more than the shipments
from . Southern California. In addition
to this we shipped 5060.3 carloads of
wine, as comp'ared with their 194.5, and
347.3 carloads of brandy as against
their .6 of wine and brandy not segre
gated. We beat them by 670.8 carloads
of ten tons each. ¦
"We claim a greater water supply
for Irrigation purposes," continued the
Northern Californlan.^ "Sacramento's
annual average of cloudless days was
232, to 165 for Los Angeles.' Northern
and Central California produced 2,000,
000 cases of fruit packages In 1900.
against 200,000 from the southern part
of the State. In production of coal we
showed 170,458 tons, valued at $518,281.
to their 6500 tons, valued at $17,250. Our
woodland area was 42.671 square. miles
In 1900; theirs was only 2129 square
miles. Our gold production was $15,
119.700; they had only $743,655.* Our min
eral products "amounted to $24,026,027,
while they ¦ could show but \ $5,2S7.433.
Our copper, mines produced .-$4,450,642:
theirs show a total of $297,600. # Our
mean annual rainfall, taken on the
average of fifty years, was 19.41" Inches,
to their 10.01 inches."
\ ST. LOUIS, Sept. 16.— Th© Republic
to-day says: The first dissension in the
ranks of the exhibitors at the World's
Fair from California, who' have hereto
fore worked together in such perfect
harmony. that~they have been termed
the best "hustlers" at the exposition,
arose when they read the published
statement that Southern; California
dominates the entire State and that it
was Southern California that* seemed
to be doing the. commemoration of Cal
ifornia day. Indignation ran so high
yesterday that certain members of tile
California jCounty Commissioners' As
sociation requested President Colvin B.
Brown to call a, meeting of the organi
zation in order that they might express
their sentiment. The result of such
meeting- probably can be foretold when
It is said that among the California ex
hibitors, are twenty-two counties from
the northern and central parts of the
State to six from the southern district.
"The ridiculousness of this statement
Is attested by the table printed in the
report of the California State Board of
Trade on the shipment of fruit out of
the State by rail in 1904." said one of
the northern district exhibitors yester
day. "This taWe shows that Northern
and Central California shipped 9947.5
cars of green deciduous fruit, as
ag#inst 126.1 from the southern section;
2246.5 cars of citrus fruits, again&t
their 27,715.8; 12,859.3 cars of dried fruit,
to their 1024.8; 3752.6 cars of raisins, as
compared to their 161.1; 365 cars of
nuts, as against their 560.9 carloads,
and 5793.3 carloads of canned fruits, to
their 877.2.
With a few primitive tools the friar*
a.nd the soldiers, the latter under Corn
andante Carrillo, set to work to pre
pare a temporary shelter. And as the
temper of the Indians thereabouts was
uncertain, the soldiers for a time slept
upon their arms, a precaution which
subsequent events seemed to warrant.
About the new estabMshment were
larfre rancherias of Indians, living In
families rather than in tribal relations
and governed by a patriarch, or cap
tain. Some of those captains were
astute old fellows and rather resented
the presence of the "palefaces" in the
valley of their ancestors. But as the
younger and more venturesome braves
¦wandered into the mission — which, at
Its inception, was but a rude wooden
etnicture with a thatched roof — and
Soon a cross was builded from the
arms of a live oak, a bell was flung
over a stout branch, purple Incense
was loosed from the thurible and the
chant of mass to!d of the founding of
a new rnupost of Christ, that of St.
Agnes, the Martyr— linking together the
missions of Santa. Barbara on the south
and La Purisima on the north.
One hundred years ago to-day two
friars of St. Francis — Frays Jose
Gutierrez and Jose Calzada — with a
motley group of soldiers and a brace of
weary mules wound their way from
the Mission of Fanta Barbara into the
valley that lies in the arms of the Santa
Ynez mountains. At the foot of the
purple fciiis they halted — these pilgrims
of the cross — and forthwith the "Veni
Creator" smote the silence of the morn-
One hundred years ago to-day the
mission of Santa Ynez ..s planted in
th« wilderness of th<? West.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Low : Temperature and In
jury -^to Crops Without
Much Effect on Business
MISSION SANTA TNEZ. WHICH IS
ONE HUNDRED TEARS OLD
TO-DAY.
Dissension /Rends Banks of
¦California Exhibitor^ at
St. Louis -World's Fair
HARMONY ENDS
HER LONG REIGN
PROGRESS SLOW
BUT DEFINITE
vice Catherine E. Prince, resigned;
"Wren. Benton County, Richard Wilde,
vice Scott King, resigned.
"Washington — Entiat. Chelan County,
Nelson J. "Wing, vice Lizzie Bonningr
tcn, resigned; Newland. Adams Conn
ty, William J. Crowe, vice Mrs. W. C.
Crowe, resigned.
A rural. route will be established at
Downey, Los Angelea" County, lOctober
15, area covered eight square miles,
population served 325.
The Western National Bank, San
Francisco, has been "approved as re
serve agent for the First National
Bank of Calistoga. .
The postoffices at East Auburn and
Loyalton will become International
money order. offices on October l.j ••";.;,
Army orders — By direction of tha
President, Brigadier General Francis
Moore Is " relieved of duty, as
commandant of the school of ap
plication . for cavalry and field
artillery at Fort Biley, Kans.,
to take effect September 30, and will
proceed to San Francisco and assume
command of the Department of Cali
fornia, relieving Major General Arthur
MacArthur. j-. V
Hotel arrivals: New Willard — M. W.
Levy and wife, Joseph # Wheeler. San
Francisco. St. James —^R. W. Drom
gold and wife, Los 'Angeles, and Mrs.
H. McCowen and M. L. McCowen, San
Francisco. Arlington — W. H. Morgan
and Mrs. J. S. Morgan, San Francisco.
Founded when the mission system
was on the wane, owing to the sap
ping of Its vital forces by the greedy
Mexican officials. Santa Ynez was
spared much of the tragedy, aye, and
the comedy, of its older sisters.
Perhaps, should the old church find
Here is presented but one phase of
the marvelous work of the padres,
this rearing in a wilderness, wholly
without mechanical -aid and with un
tutored workmen, this splendid struc
ture, with its long row of sheltering
arches and its turreted belfry.
Santa Ynez much resembles Mis
sion .San Miguel, save that the belfry
is a part of the facade, rising- above
the tiled roof with a line dignity and
bearing aloft a large cross, the em
blem of the church. About the fa
cade, outlining the sides and the roof
beams, runs a broad dark band of
reddish paint, forming the one dis
tinctive Indian decoration on the ex
terior. But within are many crude
carvings of the children of the woods
and there, too, remain some of the
statues of the old days when the land
was young.
were treated with kindness and affec
tion by the . Spaniards the captains
withdrew this opposition and came
with the younger lads to be<?ome neo
phytes.
And their maidens came — came to sit
in the patio of the mission, with its
pomegranates blooming red and the
roses of Castile blowing their sweet
breath into the purpling vine — there to
learn the story of Jesus of Nazareth.'
Aye, and more! Here they learned
to weave the cloth that would drape
their sinuous bodies, to weave the
blankets and linen used in the mis
sion. So, too,. they learned to make
the altar cloths, drawn in native de
signs, after the traditions of their peo
ple.
And as the neophytes grew in num
bers the primitive chapel gave way to
the imposing structure that to-day
dominates the valley.
In this conflict — the largest that ever
took place In California between the
Indians and the gente de razon (people
of, reason, therefore the "white peo
ple") four hundred natives were en
gaged. The Spaniards, who numbered
one hundred, lost one of their brave
band in the defense of the sanctuary-
With military honors, he was laid to
rest in the 1 churchyard under the hill.
Then in 1836 came the oomisionados,
with their decree of secularization.
V/ith a large sweep of the arm of
Mexican might the mission of Santa
Ynez was no more. And with the
passing of the birds in that fateful
fall, so too went the padres back to the
cloisters In Mexico or in Spain, to
pday and weep for the children they
loved but lost.
Still the old church- stands to-day to
tell the tale of a century. And in that
century the flags of three nations have
waved over its domain. And it . has
seen the passing of the two peoples who
gave it birth— the Spaniard and the In
dian. > .
So too has it known the passing of
the days when life was as a prling
stream, flowing gladly through flower-
Ing meadows on to the sea.
.Thus the century passeth! And to
day will these things be \told within
the sanctuary blessed with a century's
incense.
a. living voice to-day, on its hundredth
birthday it would tell of', the great
earthquake of 1S12, when its rafters
were wrenched and its" arches pitched
out of plumb, and the neophytes went
screaming into the patio calling for
help from the Holy Mother. And it
might tell of the rain of arrows that
scarred its face in 1824, when the In
dians from Purisima and those from
the mountains bore down upon it, on
destruction bent; and of how th friars
and- the mission guard bravely defend
ed the sacred place, . until relief came
from Santa Barbara, when the Indians
were repulsed, leaving sixteen "good"
Indians on the field.
John M. Burnett, on behalf of the
Archbishop of Spain, supported Lyons'
argument. He read from another de
jfcision of the Supreme ; Court to the
effect that the trial court should only
allow what any prudent man could get
I the services done for. Burnett claimed
j that Judge Coffey's decisions of allow
ances to attorneys for twenty-one
years past had virtually established the
proper and customary fees In such
I cases and should be considered by
' Judge Troutt in this case.
Charles F. Hanlon's argument for the
attorneys asking for the fee was sen
sational. He said there were Judges on
the bench who "fouled" the judicial
"nest" by their attitude against allow
ing attorneys what they asked. He
also- spoke severely of attorneys who
resisted brother attorneys in their at
tempts to get fees out of estates and
characterized such . conduct as "foul
ing" the "nest" of the bench as well
as the "nest", of the bar. These re-,
marks of Hanlon were objected to by
Lyons, who demanded that the names
of the. Judges and lawyers be given.
Hanlon refused the demand and Lyons
was unable to get JudjRe Troutt to rule
! In favor of his request. Lyons says
[that when the -court reporter, tran-
I scribes the argument he will take pro
ceedings against Hanlon based upon
this language reflecting on the Integ-
I rityof the bench and bar.
Argument was concluded yesterday
I before' Judge Troutt upon the claim of
j Bradley & McKiristry for a $25,000, fee
! as attorneys to the Guardiola estate.
| The trial of the case consumed many
days of examination of attorneys call
ed for and against the claim. Eleven
j lawyers testified, and their valuation
! of the services varied considerably,
ranging from $4000 to 525,000. ¦
Judge James M. A\len thought $4000
would be proper and gave his reasons,
specifying the value of -the different
elements of the services. A. Comte,
who Is also a Supervisor, fixed the fee
at from $10,000 to $15,000. while J. F.
Cavagnaro • thought $8000 to' $10,000
would be a good fee. .Judge Van Fleet
testified that in his opinion the fee de
manded was reasonable. v\
Timothy J. Lyons, arguing for the
daughter of deceased, Mrs. Christobal
of Spain, who is resisting the demand
for the $25,000 fee, quoted two decisions
of the Supreme Court giving the views
of that tribunal, as . to the conduct «.of
.attorneys . and ' trial courts in passing
upon fees.' These decisions severely Te
buked the legal profession for the will
ingness of its members in testifying
to the correctness of any fee demanded
by a brother attorney and also reflect
ed upon the attitude and action of
trial judges in accepting such testi
mony and allowing enormous amounts
to. attorneys against dead, men's es
tates. * . ; ,
In the Blythe case, Justice Garoutte
said: "Attorneys are inclined to place
a very high estimate upon the value of
their | services when rendered in im
portant litigation, and also inclined to
look with kindly eyes and sympathetic
feelings upon the efforts of brother at
torneys in establishing before the court
the value of services performed in
large estates .fortunate enough to pos
sess well filled coffers." .The . court
added that "the lower court' should
temper this kind of evidence with its
own calm judgment, based upon the
amount and kind of labor performed."
In a very recent, decision (estate of
Byrne) the. Supreme Court, Lyons said,
spoke .even more pointedly as to the
conduct of trial judges in this class of
cases. The decision, Lyons declared,
charged the lower court with being In
the position of a trustee of the estate
and, as such, had "no right to be liberal
with the money of the heirs of the dead
man," and it commented upon the fact
that "too often" it had "viewed with
grave perturbation the action of trial
judges in allowing enormous ; fees . to
attorneys from moneys over which they
were charged with the high duties of
trustees," and of its frequent expres
sion of "its extreme ' regret as to this
manifest abuse."
Attorney Lyons Quotes Su
preme Court and Han-
Ion Makes Grave Charge
DEBATE GROWSCAUSTIC
Guardiola Estate Case Con
cludes With Verbal Duel
Between Opposing Counsel
From the Valleys and Mountains of Santa Barbara and the Sur
rounding Country Throngs of Visitors Will Make the Pilgrim
age to the Splendid Old Sanctuary. Blessed With Years
HOT ARGUMENT
OVER BIG FEE
MISSION SANTA YNEZ CELEBRATES
ITS HUNDREDTH ANNIVERSARY TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, 5EFTEMBER IT, 1901.
3
FREE ¦— — FREE — — FREE ;j
STERILIZED SAXJT. J
Two Packages of
IjESIJE ; STERILIZED SAI/T,
Made In California and subject-
ed to 'the. most '.searching 1 methV;
ods .". of i . scientific ; --.¦ manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
ket. :.L ;¦•-" ;'•."..¦•,¦- : ;.-;. /:
A two-pound package for the
table. •>" ''¦ ;¦¦.¦""* "- ¦¦'-. ¦::•':•¦"¦ .V/--'
' 'A-two-ponnd package for the
bath.;:- ¦;•;•:¦¦: ' ¦ ¦;' i-:i* .
' t Chemically pure* and erery
package sterillzcdA ¦•. i -
FREE TO WANT-AD.
PATRONS OF NEXT .
" : SUNDAY'S /.CAIilj. ..
See ' announcement ¦ on . Clnsslfled
¦¦¦¦ [-:': ¦ ¦'¦'¦' : . '/¦'¦'/'.'&*&• -*¦""¦¦•'•''¦ 7- "i ':': :
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
fpiMWUMj-gOMAS A. EDISON, the is-
ventor, in dappisj: out the
f#^Bp^i problems ef the furore, fives
X AbU first place to the necessity of
avgi;«P fighting tbo bacteria which
Sj&jfc^m five ns our disease*. Next
""* if* to the actual bacteria of dis-
ease, the moequitos asd flies
are tbe-taost daagrcrone enemies of man.
The nosqoito with Its bite injects into ocr
Tctn* taalsria, rellow fever, and other fatal
troubles. Thefly, with spongy feet, collecU
the invisible cerms of diseases, spread*
then over our food and . poisons ns with
typhoid, cholera aad other plagues of the
baata race.
Dr. Pierce, the- eminent physician of But-
falo, N. Y., eaya, "If each person will con-
cider his system as aa army of men which
he controls as a general, and will see to its
proper prorisioniay and that it has plenty
of ammunition in the shape of good. red
blood, he will be able to overcome ' the
enemy in these germs of disease." Every
healthy man has five million red blood
corpuscles to every square millimeter of
blood. The best tonic for increasing the red
"blood corpuscles and building up healthy
tissue is no doubt ' v fieree's Golden Mea-
•ical Discovery.- "*"}lcine has been oa
the market yCird of a century
and num** • "by the thousand.
Masy p yKxnt medicines or tonics
are made , /fcely of alcohol and -will
shrink the , yrpuscies of- the blood and
make them weaker for resistance. What
is needed is an alterative extract, like Dr.
Pierce'* Golden Medical Discovery, made
of roots and herbs, without the use of alco-
hol, that will assist the stomach in assimi-
lating or taking from the food such ele-
ments as are required for the blood, also an
allerative that will aasist the activity of the
li*er and cause it to throw off the poisons
in the blood. When we have accomplished
this we have put the system in a fortified
condition so strong that it can repel the
germs of disease which we find every-
where — ia the Btreet-cars, the shops, the
factories, the bedrooms, wherever many
'people congregate, or where sunlight and
good air do not penetrate. •
Accept no substitute for "Golden Medical
Discovery," ' There is nothing "just as
good" for diseases of the etomach, blood
and longs. ¦ . .
Neglected constipation means headache,
heart-burn, bout stomach, foul taste in the
mouth, biliousness, pimples, and
tion of the heart. Constipation is promptly
cured by Dr. Pierre's Pleasant Pellets. One
¦far mild cases.' otherwise tw*»" ; : .;:- -./ ..'
. . ADVERTISEarENTS. -
AND — 0THER5.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal, agents of known value, in accordance with chysicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture ' many excellent remedies, but
always under original or. officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitatjon medicines.
They are themen to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts *of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises fro,m a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon. their patron3 and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know "that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always .take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of tfce Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases; of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the live* and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestiorj, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects aa
Syrup of Figs, ancl they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been , made,- tried and condemned, .but there are
individual druggists to be founid, here and the/e, .who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession arid whoso. greed gets the -better bf their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations* in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
iometimes have the name— -" Syrup of Figs"— or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup ycbmpany,'. printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company-^California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because^ they 'are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to^inisre'presentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or '/Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full nameoftKeCaliforhia Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attemptingtp deceive, and;mislea^' the.patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be la_rge*or smalli.for if, the. dealer resorts to- misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he wiltdb bo with others medicinal agents,- and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by^every 9ne who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority; bf druggists, are we supply the immense demand
for. our excellent -remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, : at the regular price oi fjfty cents per bottle,- but as exceptions
exist it Is .necessary to inform 1 the public of the facts, in order, that all may decline or return
any' imitation which may be sold-to them. - If if does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the" front of every package^ do not hesitate to return the
article arid to demand the return of your money,*and;in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of every thing in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAD BREATH
Tor months I had rraat trouble irltfcniy stomach
and ns*d all kinds of medicines. My toagna has
been actually ma green aa grass, my breath haTiac
a bad odor. Tiro weeks ago a friend rromm-rxW
Caacareta and after naiag them I ean willingly «n<i
eh««rfnl!y »ay that they hare entirely ecretfme. I
therefore let tod know that I shall recommend
them to any on* suffering from such troubles." _
Ctaas. H. Halpua, in Rvniigtoa S«.,-V«w Terlt, S.T.
CANflrrcATtufmc '¦
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent, Tast« Good. Do dead,
Kerer Sicken, Weaken or Gripe, 19c. JSe.lSe. NrrVt
sold in bulk. The gennlns tablet stamped COC
Guaranteed to care or jour money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. gg0
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
. fiOHQUnZA A5D 0XT5ABT DU0HA1HI •*
w jar jajttk
XaLsf Mb fia If laftjy
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S an cat 4
OF INATOHYf
\ C7 T»« Lag** >mwlnl Ma—aat t» ta< \
Q laWTTi Wart*. Wcakacaaoa .r try »—¦ ««t»« m ¦
7 {wTSt <Ue»»» m««l«T>Iyc«r«ihyth«»M«* T
f) ItefSdl %#es3aUit<MlkeCauL EiLjtyatn. #
A A&d&h DR. jaHDAK-D'SEASIJ OF MEX J
\ ¥ €viba CnnamHadiiB fit* and ttHcthr print*. \
A J Ti** 3 Tntniit p«r»r»lijr •» bf Inter. A B
r 1 y y ¦ r—m— CWcta Trarycawasdntakta. • T
a93 Q A Wntt *" *°- k - rsiit«««»rsiT m» A
V * S QT MiamUCR. w »il«d mi. Ut
\ A - fL ' valaabl* beat: far mrt) \ ¦
V A>B. JOsU>A3l * «•.. 10SI Market Mt^. ft. >. ¥
Q-^V^*
nTerf^l QH® 8ICK HEADACHE,
RanTiE Genuine Must Bear
JlVER Fac-Simils Signatun .
Spills. ¦ - —: Lucky is - he iwho .marries \ a : widow
whose first husband -was ¦ mean j to ' her.
It may hot be easier to.ciax a woman
than it is to drive her, ; but it is safer.
; OAKLAND? Sept. 16.—--Superintend
ent of the ¦ Mint : F. I A. ) Leach; returned
to ; his home 'to-day i**om; his yacatl on,
whicfc • was ¦{ Spent r at v McKInhey's oh
Lake .Tahoe. X], He : has i recov
ered ¦ from the effects ¦ of a slight acci
dent that occurred on his trip, V j ;
Home From Outing.
FOLET IS ACQUITTED.— Oakland. Sept.
16.— Edward Foley was acquitted by a jury
to-day of a c!>arge tit grand larceny. He was
accusM by. W. H.'Bell.of having stolen a
watch and chain from him valued at $12 Two
days were consumed In the trtsl of the case
and this afternoon the Jury brought In- a ver
dict Of acquittal.
• SAVED FROM' DROWNING.— ALAMEDA.
Bept. 16.— Harry Schmidt. 10 years of age and
,living at 1S20 Alameda avenue, fell from the
Bay F*rm Island drawbridge this afternoon
end was nved. from drowning through his
presence of mind. Although carried along In
the rapid current, the lad managed to grasp a
rtTe. from which "he was rescued by Joe
Vecchl, a fisherman. ¦ ,\ ' ¦ :.
PITCHER ESTATE LOSS.— Oakland, Sept
18.— A decree of foreclosure was signed to-day
by Judge Melrln in a suit brought against Anna
Vltcher as executor Of the estate of. H. H.
Pitcher by the Livermore Bank. Pitcher was
at one time cashier of the bank, but he com
mitted suicide st the starting of an Investiga
tion- Into th* manner In which th» Varney
estate had been handled. ' ? ' "£.« • •
MARSHALL PLEADS GUILTT.— Oakland.
Bept. -16.— Dave Marshall, colored, pleaded
¦cullty to a charge ¦ of grand larceny to-day.
He will be sentenced next Monday. He robbed
Edwin Brown of » gold watch and pin valued
STUDENT GOES TO JAIL* — Berkeley. Sept.
16.— Earl A. Sargent, the un'-veralty student
accused of robbing the house of benjamin Dal
lerup, for whom he was working as a car
penter, was held to-day by Justice Edgar to
answer before the. Superior Court on a chars?
of burglary. In lieu of $1000 ball Sargent was
taken to the County Jail.
LAKE • LINES IN* XO DAXGEn.— OAK-
L.ANX), Sept. 16.-"-Clty Enclneer F. C. Turner
hs« investigated the reported staking of a
portion -of L*ke Mwrttt. suspicion having been
directed to a- number of surveyor's marks
found alons the northeast arm <*f the lake.
In reporting to Mayor Olney, who requested
th* engineer 4o make Inquiry, Turner kald the
stakes were qtllte innoeer.t. having been act
to fix the lines of the. regatta . course on Ad
tnlasion ; day. . Engineer Turner also set • at
rest rumors concerning supposed attempts to
encroach upon the lake boundary lines. He
resorted that tfce lines have been definitely
surveyed and the boundaries are located ac
curately • so far as th» dtys interests are
concerned. ¦' •
Board Disciplines Contractor.
OAKLAND. Sept. 16. — Superintend
ent of Streets C F. Ott filed a com-
I'iaint with the Board of Public Works
to-day that the Sunset Lumber Com
pany had neglected to furnish sup
plies according to its contract- Ott
was directed to buy lumber In the
open market and charge the cost
against the contractors. .
Oakland Office Sanr Francisco Call,
• . ( '. .'.•,* * 1016 Broadway", Sept. 16.
By an injunction granted to Harry
N. Morse by "Judge Ogden. to-day, tho
hands of the Board of Supervisors have
been tied and further steps toward the
building of the Mocho road leading
from Livermore *. into the magnesite
district • rfouth, . of that city have been
blocked, until ; the proceedings ; of „ the
Board of Supervisors can ' be reviewed.
Morse claims . the road is unnecessary,
and • technical objections have ¦ been
made to the procedure of the board. >
. The matter of building this road has
been before the people for a year.
Viewers were appointed and a survey
was made. With " the . exception \ of
claims aggregating $460 for. the removal
of fences, the entire right of way fora
distance of 12.84 miles was obtained free
of cost. In the tax levy of last year a
special tax for the purpose of: building
this road at an estimated cost of $50,000
was included, and last Monday a con
tract for building tne road was'award
ed 1 to W. J. Schmidt, whose bid r was
543,000 and the lowest-received. > -
: At this juncture Morse has stepped in
and makes objection to the completion
of the^work:-He is a resident of Oak
land/ but claims pro. bono publico that
the county ¦ generally; should be {spared
this tax. -.By. those In favor of the road
itis^tated that it taps [one of the rich
est portions of Alameda County,* as the
mineral claims of < that region have l : re
cently-been purchased and the work of
development on a*, large ¦ scale is to be
gin, v ,.:¦;; -,;-.-•.• ¦-¦ r -. ¦ -;¦.*, "* • -¦'¦¦¦:,
The hearing of a writ of Preview will
be taken" up next Friday. . ¦ .'.'.¦
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Warren Hea
ton, a' well known attorney of this
city, died at his home at 1216 Fil
bert street r In" this city this morning.
He was 81 years of age and, had been
a resident of Oakland for many years.
He leaves one daughter, Miss Mary
Heaton. The funeral will be held un
der the "auspices of „ the Odd Fellows.
Warren Henton Dies.
Just across the street from his home
at .1219 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda,
Detley Nissen.'a carpenter, drove; his
last nail to-day and fell from the build
ing upon which, he was 'at : work.* When
found he had . been | dead for several
hours. A member of his family | went
across the streetto summon, him to his
evening meal, but Nisaeh did not hear
the call. He had been shingling- a house
and the work,' Incomplete, was as he
had left it. No one saw, him fall, but
he was found beside the building with
his skull fractured, and the ground
gave evidence that his fall j had been
heavy.;-; .-.¦ , _. .; ¦¦¦ : ¦ -''-¦..:. .... : .
Nissen was 60 years of age and had a
grown-up family.- He went to his home
for- his: noonday meal, but ; when 6
o'clock came he did not return. 'At 6:15
o'clock some one was sent to call him,
and then the body was " found. A doc
tor ,was summoned, but ¦¦ Nissen-. had
long; passed ., the stage , where • medical
assistance could be of any aid. '; In fall
ing he had either, struck a Joist or. the
contact w Ith | the ; ground : hurt his head.
The left -tern pie wajr crushed in and his
death must have t^en instantaneous.
; ; Coroner- Mehr mann J was . notified | of
the » death and j the body was removed
to the Alameda : Morgue, where an in
quest will be held on the remains., ;
Oakland Office. San Francsico Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 16. .
Detley Nisseri, "Carpenter,
Leaves Task Unfinished to
Answer the Last Summons
.Building of High way Into
the -Magnesite District
} Stopped by- Inj unction
• OAKLAND, Sept. 16. — The foliow
inir marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Charles W.
Atkins,* 32, San Francisco, and Alice
Manlov*. 33. Oakland; Charles W.
Lund, 28. Wheatland, and Etta Stein
egger, 25, Fruitvale; Manuel R. Slmas,
30, Oakland, and Mary Dutra, 18,
Haywanls; Ehusaku Mlho, 28, San
Francisco, and Sa/la Hasaba, 19, Oak**
land.
Marriajjo Licenses.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS OVERCROWXXBn.
OAKLAND. Sept. 16.— The Board of Educa
tion will open a new class in the O«rflald
School Monday, with Miss Alice Davis ai
teacher. Several other schools • are over
crowded and other new classes will be orgaA-
Ixed enrollment being heavier than last year,
despite the temporary setback from the opera
tion of the ?sccination law.
POLICE PISTOL PRACTICE.— OAKLAXIX
Sept. 18. — Police- scores, out of possible T5. at
pistol practice to-day follow. Chief of Police
Hodiklns 14, Walters 68. Hamsierton 89.
Itocre «S, Andrews 67. Murray ST. Forgie «T.
Curtiss 66. Sherry 68. Cox 66. Gilbert ««. Ser
geant Lynch 65. Fahey **. Detectre* Holland
63. Scanlan 86. Detective Shorey 56, Gard
ner 43.
WORKMAN FALLS
TO HIS DEATH
BLOCKS WORK
ON MOCHO ROAD
' OAKI.AND. Sept. 16. — The selection
of a Grand Jury " from a venire of
thirty names drawn a week ago re
sulted to-day in only thirteen being
secured and a special venire of twelve
was drawn, out of which it is hoped
to get the required six to make nine
teen. Upon calling the list of names
this morning but eighteen answered.
It was found that one of the men was
dead, several were out of the State
and a number were exempt from jury
duty. The jurors to date are H.' D.
Nichols, Henry Schellhaas, P. A. Ras
mussen, George H. Payne. Henry W.
Taylor. W. E. Knowle*?. E. Schween,
H. D. Eliason, S. Diavilla, H. D. Cush
ing, Edward Bronson, D. H. Mc-
Laughlin and F. D. Granger. ; The
twelve men from which the other se
lections are to be made are R. M. An
thony. E. C. Niehaus, John-F. Towle.
James Keller, C. J. Heeseman, S. P.
Meads, James Tyson,. A. F. Edwards,
Hujrh Hogan, Clayton F. Hbllis, Maas
Ludus and E. P. Flint. They are cit
ed to appear next Monday morning.
Grand Jurors Are Scarce.
BERKELEY. Sept. 16. — Members
of in* First Presbyterian Church are
seeking for the return of the|r former
pastor, the Rev. Henry C. MInton,
now of the First Presbyterian Church
of Trenton, N. J. A petition is being
circulated among the congregation
and through this it is hoped to pre
vail upon Dr. Minton to return. The
petition, which is addressed to the
officers cf the church, reads as fol
lows:
•To the session of the. First Presby
terian Church: We, members of the
church and society, most respectfully
petition that you call a congregational
meeting for the purpose; of voting
upon the question of extending a call
to Dr. Henry C. Minton to become our
pastor."
Members of Congregation Circulate
Petition Asking: for Former
Pastor's Recall.
PRESBVTEKIAXS SEEK ,
DK. 3IINTOVS RETURN'
past—the Silurian's gxtien. the raossback s
plantation, th* same old back yard.
I have figured out the expense, the yearly
payments, the necessary increase of taxes, as<l
I take all this a* stmply a matter of course.
For homes for religion, for education, for
beauty good air. clean streets, parka and all
the like we must pay. Therefore those who
stand in the way of providing all these good
things so conducive to onr city's happiness
seem to run counter to the true course «of th*
law of nature If we clamor for more wealth,
you know the trite saying. "Money makes
money." Spend money and you will naaJt«
money Your property will be worth mor«.
Toq will be richer and certainly better pleasM
Ia every way If you bond your city as you
are asked to do on September 2T. There is no
valid reason why you should not.
I don't propose to &o the thinking for my
fellow -citizens. I simply tsll you what I think
and In winding up roy machinery belt my last
coil of thought is that every man has a right
to think for himself. In pursuance of this I
here give expression to the ultimate, conclu
sion of my mind — my sincere and honest can
victlon — namely, that it 1* my duty, my earn
est, conscientious cltixen duty, to vote for eaeh
and every bond proposition to be submitted oa
September 27. .
I feel that I shall be proud of the crocreM
oar city will make if my vote shall be ft
factor in the making. I shall be nappy la
this grand result that our city will- be
healthier wealthier. •more cozy and comfort
able The last and climaxing thought of zny
mind will be that I have been a factor ia
providing a vast amount of work for the poor
at good wages In the expenditure of such an
enormous amount of money and the incal
culable amount of labor that will follow de
development of the city after the sure and
certain success of September 27ta's election
for bonds in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Grace Mc-
Naughton, under examination on a
charge of stealing finery from the resi
dence of Mrs. Thomas Mein, where she
had been employed as a maid, was re
leased from custody on htr own .re
cognizance this afternoon by Justice of
the Peace James G. Quinn. This ac
tion was taken after the second day's
hearing of the grand larceny charge.
Attorney A. L. Frick made the request
on behalf of his client, pointing out
that Miss McNaughton was in wretched
physical condition and could not obtain
bail. To the request, District Attorney
J. J. Allen and Attorney G. W. .Baker,
special counsel for Mrs. Mein, made no
objection. ¦
After her release Miss McNaughton
was taken to San Francisco by her sis
ter, Mrs. Maud Ramsey.
During the examination this after
noon before Justice Quinn, Clara Hag
gett, who also had been a maid at the
Mein residence during Grace Mc-
Nadghton's stay there, threw volleys
of "I don't remembers" at District At
torney Allen. He tried to bring out
the occurrences and conversations that
took place in Chief of Police Hodgklns'
office when Miss' Haggett. Grace Mc-
Naughton, Mrs. Mein, - Detective A.
Shorey and Hodgkins, it appeared,
were holding a "heart to heart" con
ference, at which the girls had con
fronted each other in the police in
quiry concerning Mrs. Mein's complaint
of theft.
Miss Haggett, as she declared her
own name, though she is known as
La Perle, from her stepfather, vaguely
remembered about a valise and a yel
low box that had been seen In Miss
McNaughton's room.. The questioning
of Miss Hagfgrett by* the District Attor
ney continued as follows: • ,"''
Do you retnember a conversation you had
with tbe Chief of Police In which you enumer
ated th* things taken from Mrs. Mein's house?
I don't remember.
Do you remember what you told him?
No.
Didn't you tell the Chief of Police who
took the things?
I. don't remember.
Didn't you; in the t>re»=ne« of Grace Mc-
Naughton, enumerate * the things taken? and
didn't you say • Grace had taken them? and
didn't she deny It? and didn't you then say
"You know better, you little thief, you did"?
Yes.
Now what did GYace say in response?
I don't remember.
"Well, there were others present at
that Interview," said Allen, replying to
objections from Attorney Frick, "we
can call the Chief of Police."
• "Call him, call him," declared Frick.
"I wish you would call him, but I don't
think you will."
This colloquy excited interest as hint
ing that the* defense will contend that
the police made* promises to the Mc-
Naughton girl which would, if proved,
negative any testimony they might give
against her. Both sides excused Miss
Haggett, her testimony having
amounted to nothing. Mrs. William
Howiett, wife of a police patrol wagon
driver identified hose supporters, a
piece of jet-beaded lace sleeve material
and a bed pillow as having been given
to her by Grace McNaughton, who had
roomed at the Howletts'.
The examination will be resumed
Tuesday. •.
GIRL CHARGED WITH STEALblO FINERY FROM HOME OF MRS. THOMAS
MEIN. JAIL MATRON AND OFFICER IN WHOSE CUSTODY SHE HAS BEEN
UNTIL RELEASED YESTERDAY- ON HER OWN RECOGNIZANCE.
The seniors decided at the singing last night
to give a banquet next Thursday evening at
an Oakland restaurant, this to take the place
of tbe regular singing. . .
Max Thelen, president 0/ the Associated Stu
dents last year and the class medalist, will
continue his studies in law at Harvard Uni
versity. He left- Tor the East to-day.
Chess is about to be revived at the univ/r
»Sty and three tnerabei* of the old club. A.
D. Weitbrtc. E. K. Strong and Leslie Dob
bins, are seeking to interest students In the
game. Regular tournaments will be held' and
a final tryout Tor a team to be sent agditist
Stanford.
El Circulo Iberico. the Spanish association.
is preparing to present a Spanish comedy at
the end ot the present term, the production
to be in charge of Miss Josephine Seavey. Mins
Lillian Williams, 1. D. Wheeler and L. H.
Cromwell, j -
October t$— "Kinetics of Katalyels"; "Pres
ent Application to Fermentations" of biological
order). '¦ •
October 11— "Fermentation of Polysacchar
id*s,- Di-?aechario>9 and Glucosides." *
October 13— "Fermentation of Monosacchar-
Ides. Alcoholic Fermentation."
October IS — "Fermentation of Fats."
October 3) — "Fermentation of Protein."
October 25— "On the Chemical Nature of
F«nr.ents and the Chemical Nature of Fer
mentative Accelerations"; "Specificity of Fer
ment-action."
October 27— "Relations of Fermentations to
Chemical Metabolism."
. . 0
BERKELEY. Sept. 16.— t>r. Alonw Emgle
bert Taylor, professor of pathology, will deliver
the first Herzstetn'" lectures on a problem in
scientific medicine this year. His subject Will
be *"Fermen.t< and Fermentations." The Hexr
eteln lectures have been- made possible through
the generosity of Dr. M. Herzsteln of San
Francisco, the giver of the equipment of the
new physiological laboratory. These lectures
will be given at 4 p. m. on Tuesdays and
Thursdays, beginning October 4, In th» Stu
dents' Observatory- The public will b* wel
comed, a particular invitation Is extended to
physicians and to students of medicine. The
proci-amroe . for the Heratcln lectures Is as
follows:-
October 4— "General Considerations"; "Defi
nition of Type*."
UNIVERSITY EVE.NTS
I feel that if I did not corae forward and ssy
a word for the bonds ,1 should b« remiss in my
duty to th* people. Our city has suffered In
the past from a dreamy drowsiness.** financial
malaria. .In the .midst of our lovely hones we
have been looking across the bay to criticise.
Rather should we have kept our eyes upon
ourselves and put a strong hand at the wheel
ot Improvements. W« ' should unite - to help
out nature. We should make one great effort
rather than to let the feeble spasmodic move
ments of the past be all that we can record.
For nearly thirty years I hav# been In this
fair city of ours. I . have seen and heard a
grea# dsal about its progress and setbacks.
its health, wealth and morals. Its schools,
churches. ;ts beauty and . tasts and so on. the
same old tone. Some of us long for a change.
We are awake at last to the n*«d of putting
on , speed. Already this city has grown a.pac«
in thres or four years, and Just now thtre Is
being opened a fleld of progress and prosperity
where every one can work.* In the past' w«
have hid t» do, with a child, but already our
city.U a young lady. The Infant's days are
past. If we love our city It Is time now to
show her off at her best. Carry out this idea
in all US * phases and > belongings and then
without hesitating you conclude that It re
quires money. ¦ If you , will have" boanty and
utility you must pay for it. If you do not
•waM ¦- to fulfill - your.: ideal Of a city - as ¦ on«
should ~ be. : l«t her .remmln • unkempt. ¦ tn < r»«s
nn<i dirt, as. she was in the forbidding drowsy
IMPELLED TO SPEAK.
We have an able, honest and upright city
government. We have a Major and Cif Coun
cil composed of men of such character as cities
eeldem secure for their public servants. Bare
ly does .i city get the splendid services of such
a man of affairs as John Ia Howard, who.
with his committee, devoted hours and hours
of labor to the work on these bonds. If w«
want to continue to have th* «*rvlc«3 of such
men as theae we must stand - behind them in
their labors. Otherwise it Is a case of any old
thing la the way of government ia *ood enough
for OakUnd. I feel strongly and firmly that
failure to carry the bonds will give thi» city
a black eye that will cutlast our lifetime and
the lifetimes of our children. Men talk about
taxes. For I myself, I would like for once In
my time to pay taxes that would mean some
thing ; for the beauttfication. the health and
convenience of our city. • •
When th« late X. W. Spaulding was Mayor
of Oakland twenty-five year* ago he bought a
lot of school kites. For that he was abused
and vilified as a real estate speculator. You
and I have cause to regret that he did net buy
five times the amount of land that he did pur
chase for the city. Take time by the forelock.
Secure these properties when you can, W«
bonded 160 acrC3 ten years ago fh .West Oak
land for park purposes. You cannot get them
to-day for three times the figure for which
we made options. We need not mourn about
the' so-callt-d burdens our bonds will lay upon
posterity. By the time posterity begins to pay
taxes the property which we shall buy now will
be worth tlve times what we ehall pay for It.
If we desire to stand well In the eyes of those
who shall come after ' us w« will earn the
thanks of posterity by voting these bonds.
I am convinced that the thing to do I* to
vote fcr all -of the bonds and to make- these
uplendiU Improvements that are contemplated.
If the bonus fall to carry. I shall feel that
every fcot of property that I own In tills city
will b« Injured. ; ¦ ; 
: Chairman Morrison introduced . the
Rev. J. B. McNally as one who had
always spoken for progress and bet
torment. Father McNally said:
Now it Is going to raise our taxes. Of
course it la. But for the first year it will be
only 31 cents on the $loo and each year of the
forty-year issue there Is a reduction steadily
and undoubtedly there will be a steady in
crease in our assessment roll. For myself, I
own considerable property In Oakland. Some
of It is not worth as much now as it was
twenty-three years ago. I am not afraid to
pay a few more taxes. In fact I should be
mighty glad to pay taxes on more valuation if
I could be sure that the bonds would carry.
There has been in West Oakland some com
plaint concerning tbe bond projects. I assure
you West Oakland ha* received average fair
treatment and this ia only * beginning. I call
your attention to the projects for this section
of the city. We have no Just cauce to make
complaint. And Sather Park ought to be
bought. It ia a splendid location. This is only
the commencing of a very comprehensive park
system. Whenever the people realize th* value
of and benefits from surface Improvements they
always want more. This proposed park system
stretching across the city ¦ Is the start of a
splendid work. And we must make this start.
ABLE RULERS AT WORK.
It Is singular that such a proposition a* is
before ' the city should attract such languM
public attention. It may be that a majority
of the people have concluded the debate in
favor ot the bonds. I feel that this ia a. se
rious matter for Oakland. This bond proposi
tion has b«en advertised all over the coast.
If Oakland defeats the bonds it will have a
very bad effect upon the city. It were better
if they are to be beaten that the bonds should
never have been proposed. San Francisco' a
bond Issue of $18,000,000 for surface Improve
ments, ltke those proposed here, ha» been val
idated by the Supreme Court. l,os Angeles.
progressive city that it is, without a natural
water park, issued bonds and made one. Port
land. Seattle and other coast cities are going
ahead. I am satisfied that it would be a
very alarming matter for Oakland if these
bonds are beaten.
W. W. Morrison, president of the
West Oakland Improvement Club, was
chairman. He presented CoTonel Irish,
who said: . . t
, In eloquent words John P. Irish and
the Rev. J. B. McNally, pastor of St-
Patrick's Church, drove home to-night
before an audience at West Oakland
solid arguments in favor of the bond
issue, which will be submitted to the
voters of Oakland on September 27.
Both speakers, endowed above the
average with gift of tongue, presented
to the residents of the western side
of the city a mass of facts, figures and
strong points. Particularly -was it
shown to those assembled at Alcatraz
Hall that West Oakland had been well
favored in . the number, of items in the
bond issue, which were to be of direct
benefit to that section of the city.
In his address Colonel Irish specially
called attention to the fact that the
bonding proposition called for the pur
chase of the De Fremery property at
Sixteenth and Adeline streets; the park
playgrounds at the edge of the north
western end of the city, and" the al
lowance for the improvement of the
West Oakland Park. He showed that
this balanced the amount "allowed to
East Oakland, with the overweight
centered in the project to buy the
"Central Park" site, the Sather foot
hill tract, to form the keystone in a
magnificent arch of municipal improve
ments, for which the present bonding
plan is but the beginning.
Father McNally dwelt more upon the
esthetic side of the subject. The cler
gyman argued tbat there could be no
improvement of the city that would
not be of advantage to every one in it.
"Oakland is beautiful to the man with
thousands of dollars," said the cleric.
"It is equally beautiful to the man with
ten cents. The man with the dime has
just as much interest in this proposi
tion as the man with the thousands.
We have Oakland, endowed magnifi
cently with natural charms. To make
them more magnificent it i» our duty
to expand upon them. Let us do that
and to invite of her very beauty thou
sands to come to us and enjoy with us
the beauties and advantages which we
can obtain by the spending of this
money."
COLOXED IRISH APPEARS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, Sept. 18.
Pending the trial- of a divorce suit
brought by. W, B. Heyer of Haywards
against Carrie "C. .Heyer an order was
made^ -to-day that he pay her $20 -a
month alimony. . .
Elizabeth Archard was granted an al
lowance of $6 a week for herself and
seven children pending the decision of
a divorce action brought by her
apainst Charles Archard. '.*-.'-
Deputy County Assessor H- C. Dex
ter was granted a divorce to-day from
Carrie Brown Dexter, syloist in the
choir of the First* Presbyterian.
Chlrrch, oru the ground of » desertion.
They .were married in 1889; but far
the. last five years have hot been HvJns
together. , She took > a i dislike to her
husband »nd refused to live with him,
and laRing their three children went
back .to the home of 'her parents. By
the consent of the parties the children
will continue to live with their mother
and grandparerjts. • . ¦
Suit for divorce, was begun this af
ternoon by Hattie, M. Pritchard
against Owen R. Pritchard. a horse*
shoer, on the ground of cruelty. In
the complaint Attorney Pulcifer sets
forth that Pritchard has abused
client and sworn at her times without
number. * : " &*V&
A default judgment was taken to
day against Dr. D. E» Crowley In the
divorce action brought against him
by Alma E. Crowley, charging him
with desertion, and the matter 1 was
referred to the' Court Commissioner
to take the testimony., The. troubles
of the nalr. have i become more or less
public during the last year, owing to
Mrs. Crowiey's attempt^ to horsewhifp
'her husband one evening «s he was
leaving the home of a lady'patiQnt, to
whom 'Mrs.. Crowley had taken:- an
aversion.- There will be no 'contest
and the property rights will be set
tled out of court. .- t\ : ;
Oakland Office San. Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 16.
In the absence of President Wheeler,
Professor E. W. Hilgard acted as pre
siding officer for, the meeting. Mr. Kent
was preceded by Professor Thomas R.
Bacon of, the history department, who
was welcomed back to the university
after a year's trip abroad.
A word to the women. There Is no reason
why the women cannot interest themselves,
too. I should like to tell you about the work
of "JAne- Addams in Chicago, i Her services
there, I dare say. have been more valuable
than those of the men. You 1 who have the
privilege of an education ought to have the
strength and equipment to accomplish things.
If yon were to analyze what you are here for
you ' would find that It means service. It Is
the 'duty of you all to «nter the realm of
politic)", 'and if yoo do not intere*t yourself
you had better, ki the language of Bill Nye.
"wrap your cellar door about you and lie
down to :il«asant dreams."
The game of politics Is worth while. It Is
a game that I recommend to every one within
the sound of my voice. It Is mora complicated
than chess and more strenuous than football.'
It will satisfy you if you are pugnacious. But
I advise you not to attempt politics for mere
ambition's sake, for a man then discounts
himself. It is better not to be handicapped
by any weight or ambition, for then you lose
your influence and people lost their interest
•in you. • .
San Francisco offers a beautiful field for
this kind of work. It is an cany fleld, because
San Francisco with its new charter has th«
mechanical foundation for good government,
and this makes reform easier. One trouble
with San Francisco is that its new charter
Is an attempt to concentrate power in tha
hands of the Mayor, It worked very well
until the people elected a weak man. In Chi
cago the aim has been to distribute 'the power
somewhat.
You will find that rottenness tn most alt
municipal governments. In Northern cities
the Democrats ordinarily use the police for
graft. ' The Republicans go in for bigger
things and use legitimate power for their ends.
The commonly attributed cause of municlpa.1
rottenness is the apathy of the people. It
does not seem common sense to be minding
the business of the State when you could be
more profitably minding your own business.
We found many people* applauding our efforts
until we began to probe too deeply for them. .
Then it was that -we dug up the connection
between evil legislation and the business in
terests. There was a "howl" and we. were
called anarchists, enemies of the city and
other unpleasant things. This proved that
more people were profiting by the reign of
graft than was commonly supposed.
As for the methods of cleaning a corrupted
city, publicity Is the most potent. In Chicago
we had some good honest newspapers back
of ub and we got the crowd awakened. We
had to get Into practical politics. There is
no better educator than practical politics. It
reveals people as they really are. I woul/i
advlM a young man to get into politics. With
disinterested motives ana a willingness to
learn from mistakes great results can be ac
complished. The time is ripe. The people are
ready to respond to higher Ideals if you get
them' stirred up. anfl in this direction the
press of Chicago and elsewhere is doing ex
cellent work. •
In the methods of work those hostile to
decency find nothing better than the party to
serve ! their ends. Now, there are no such
things as parties among the grafters. The
grafters are always non-partisan. The par
ties are really divided between the men Who
steal door mats and those who do not. That
14 the Une of cleavage. It Is absurd to talk
about parties doing anything in municipal
politics. The Republican party freed the
8l&ves-and it looted Philadelphia. The Demo
crats, if they nave ever done anything ad
mirable, have also corrupted Louisville and
robbed St. Louts.
By hard • work we succeeded In . changing
thincs, *o that now the city la governed in a
fairly economic way and with little or no
corruption. We succeeded in awakening an
interest In civic affairs. The situation is now
more hopeful, because th« people have been
educated to higher Ideals of citizenship.
I suppose it was my Inherent pugnacity that
prompted me to "butt" into Chicago politics in
1895. They elected me an Alderman and 1
went In to learn things. Before long- I learned
tbat the city government waa totally inadequate
and rotten. There were sixty-eight Aldermen
In the Council and there were only ten of
those who wouldn't a teal door mats and mllK
cans.
Mr. Kent said - these things, and a
great many more," in the presence of a
thousand students this morning at the
University of • California, before which
ho had been invited to speak upon
"Municipal Reform." This is a subject
with which Mr. Kent has had a great
deal to; do, for he has successfully
fought the allied corrupt ionists in Chi
cago for ten years. His knowledge of
municipal affairs extends not only to
his own great city, but to others. That
he has an intimate knowledge of San
Francisco affairs was manifest when
he referred to the conditions of the new
charter and the Mayor, whom he de
scribed as weak. In part Mr. Kent said:
William Kent of Chicago advises all
Americans to enter the realm of poli
tics—women . as well as men. Only
through the interest of the good folk of
the land, he says, can Americans hope
for clean municipal government. It is
the apathy of the American people that
is responsible for municipal evils, and
this must be overcome. Practical poli
tics must take .the place of spasmodic
reform movements, and the people must
deal with their problems in a practical
way. ,'.-¦¦. ' . ¦ . ¦. ¦
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Set>t. 16.
Mr. Knowland to-day forwarded his
resignation as State Senator to- Gov
ernor George C. Pardee. This will leave
a vacancy in the district, but as the
election intervenes between now and
the next session of the Legislature a
special election will have to bo held.
According to the call for the last Re
publican County Convention the dele
gates that at that time constituted the
Fourteenth Senatorial District were
given power to nominate ft successor
to Mr. Knowland.. City Attorney W.
M. Simpson of Alameda will be nom-t
inated by the Republicans.
Mr. Kr.owland has rented the rooms
in the DeJger block, on the" corner of
Tenth Ftreet and Broadway, formerly
occupied by Congressman Victor H.
Metcaif. and will open them as head
quarters (Turing the campaign.
Mr. Crooks from Solano County want
rd one big meeting in Vallejo, one in
Benicia and one In Suisun. He also ex
pressed the belief that Solano County
would be gtrong for Mr. Knowland.
A provisional list of meetings was
drawn up and will be submitted to the
State Central Committee at its meeting
next week, and tbe State Central Com
mittee will be asked to help with speak
ers. When an agreement has been
reached upon these meetings the dates
will be announced. A special commit
tee upon meetings was announced, con
sisting of Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Alameda,
"W. H. Church of Oakland, ,F. W. Rich
ardson of Berkeley. W. L. Crooks of
Solano and John Birmingham Jr. of
Contra Costa. ', ' .
Mr. Knowland was present and ex
pressed a desire that the first meeting
of the campaign be held in Oakland,
and that after that he was ready to do
what the different committeemen
thought best-
Mr. Mi'.nes of Contra Costa County
paid that his portion of the district was
loyal to Mr. Knowland and the Repub
lican ticket, and that he would suggest
five good meetings in Contra Costa,
one in Richmond, one in Martinez, one
in Antioch. one somewhere In the San
Ramon Valley and another on the coast
line. Mr. Milnes was very 'sanguine
about Contra Costa County.
W. L.. Crooks represented Solano
County and G. E. Milnes of. Martinez
ir presented Contra Costa County, and
there was a full gathering of the Ala
meda County members. The work was
I>rincipally to begin the campaign in
the interests of J. R. Knovrland for
Congress, to succeed Victor H. Metcalf,
and the different committeemen .gave
expression to the desires from their
section of the district.
This was the way in which George
AV. Hoed opened the session of the Re
pttbUcan Congressional Committee of
the Third District to-day. The meeting
waa held in the courtroom of Justice
of the Peace Quinn. and with a pile of
l*>fipl books and dockets in front of him
Mr. Heed decided that this would be
about the proper introduction. The
spirit of the Joke was caught up by the
iomrr.it tee. and the members got right
cow n to work as if it was play.
'The case of Know land against Mc
rike is called. There being no answer
upon the part of the defendant, judg
rrtcnt i* entered for the plaintiff for one
teat in Conprc-ss."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept.16.
Eloquent Priest Says Town
Should Not Be a Gar
den for Sleepy Silurians
Husband of Soprano Soloist
Is'Given ,His Decree Upon
the Ground of Desertion
Resignation as State Sena
tor Is Sent to Governor
Pardee at Sacramento
Leader in Chicago Reform
Tells How That City Was
Cleansed of Corruption
Marie K. and Harold Andresen to Oakland
School District, lot on N line of Third street.
125 W of Harrison. W 25 by N 10O. lot 25.
block 33. Kellersberger's map. Berkeley: $330«>.
James N. and Mary H. Abbay to William H.
Abbay (son), lot on SW corner ot Taylor and
Willow streets. S 27 by W 102.6. lot IS. block
698. Casserly Tract at Point, Oakland: $10.
Josesb R. and Susan Uaisbitt to WilUetta
Ward (widow). W 33:4 of lot 7. block D. map
of Broadway and Telegraph-avenue Home
stead, Oakland: $10.
Julia. A. Pennoyer (widow) to Joseph W.
Legault. rerecord 995 D. 10O. lot on ME corner
©f Thirty-flfth and Grove streets. X 5O by E
116". portion of lot 1. block B. Central Land
Company Tract. Oakland; $10.
F H. (or Frank H.) Rice to the Realty
Syndicate lot on E line of San Pablo avenue.
208.24 S of Forty-first street. S 124.44 by B
249.70. lot 2. map H. C. Dohr"s Hom-stead.
Oakland Township; also lot on >T lln«» of
Fortieth street. 290 E of Market, E JO by N
236 lots 37 and 38. map estate of John Evoy.
tn plat 36, Oakland Township: also lota 33 and
33. block 2C92. Paradise ptat: $ia
C. Helen Thomas to Linda M. Adams, lot*
19 and 20, block F. map Broadway Terrace;
$10.
Minnie E. and Charles C. Crowley to W.
Andrew Knowks, lots 10 and 11. block E, same
map. Oakland Township; $10.
Frances A. Atlcinaon to Linda M. Adams.
lots 47 and 4S. block F. same map, Oakland
Township, quitclaim deed: $10.
Maggie GuMner (widow) to Mary E. Elford
(widow), lot 22 and W one-half of lot 31. block
33 map resubdivislon of Smith's subdivision of
Matbews Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $10.
Robert O. Berzson (single, son of Sarah
Haney. formerly Bergson) to Sarah Haney
fBerxson). lot on 8 line of Channln* way. 158
W of Fourth. S 84.14. W 4O. N S2.01. E 40.
being portion of fractional lot 2. block 131. cor
rected man of Raymond Tract, BerKrteyrgtrt.
Martha O. Bailey, et als. to Francis Ferrier.
all Interest (beinz an undivided one-half in
terest) "in lot 1. block T>. lying SW of Dm
parallel to and distant at right ancle 15 NE
of SW Une of said lot 1, map \ alley Road
Tract. B«rkel«y, quitclaim deed; $10.
Francis and Lizzie M. Ferrter to Oakland and
East Sid* Railroad Company, same. Berkeley;
$io. r, .- .'. ~,n>.~~
James L. and Hary C. Barker, by J. I*.
Barker, attorney, to Charles E. Miller, lot on
E line of College avenue, 12O.2O J. of Russell
street. "N 103 by E .120. lots 3 and 4. block
A. map of University Villa Tract. In plat T7.
V. and D Peralta Rancho, Berkeley; $10. .
Le» Myprs (slns!«) to. Margaret B. Bow»n,
kit 26. Austin Park, Oakland; JG60O.
George A. and Fortuna Lewis to Myran T.
Holcorob, lot on E line of Webster stnwt.
13S.60 S of Bay place. S SO by E 125. lot*
13 and 11. block A. map of rottdirtston of
Webster. Twenty-fourttt and Valdea street*
property. Oakland ; $10.
John and Dorette Fejhl to John W. Ledgett.
lot on E line of Chestnot street. lTO.S^i S to
Its intersection wttn the Encioal line. 9 19 by
E 132. lota 2 and 3. Hock 612. subdivision of
map of Alfred Baratov Tract. Oakland: $10.
WMietta Ward (wMow) to LJzzte Schulta*
(widow>. lot on S line of Thirty-flfth (or Wal
tom) street 144 W of Telegraph avenua. vv
50 by S 11$: 10. portion of lot 14. map B. maj>
portion of estate of A. C. Brown. Oakland: $10.
Fzank and Minnie 9«lfert to Jame» T. Fos
ter, lot 2. block E. Klinknervllle Tract. Oak
land Township; $10. • ' w
R. M. and Laura C. Fltxgrerald to J- L.
Darnm, lot on U line of Pagoda avenue. (573 .5
E of College avenue. N 163 by E 113:6, betni
E 43:«, lot M,-aU of lot 55 and W 1» feet
or lot 54 revised map of Kos« Lawn Park.
Oakland Township; $10. •
Louise and Lottie H. Titus to S. J. Holmes,
lot 11. map of University Heights, Oakland
Townshis; $10.
Georffc L. Payne (by C R. Lord. Tax
Collector) to D. Lambert. lot 101. block
10. Regent-street Homestead. tax deed.
Berkeley; $3.
Fredertca F. and Charles A. Kraus to Mary
F. Feitsnans. lot on E line of Arch street.
150.43 .S of HUrard avenue. S 50.14. E 142.08.
N 50. W 138.323. lot 2. block 4. corrected map
of Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley; $1*
Alameda County.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
APATHY CAUSES EVILS
PREPARES FOR BATTLE
MUST LOOK TO FUTURE
DEXTERS ABE NOW FREE
Colonel Irish and Father
McNally Plead for Needs
of Oakland of Tomorrow
William Kent Advises All
Americans to Take In
terest in Civic Affairs
He Allows Divorce Action
1 Pending Against Him to
Be Settled by Default
Campaign for Congress Is
Opened With a Joke That
Will Become a Reality
KNOWLAND WINS
BIG DECISION
TALK STRONGLY
FOR THE BONDS
STUDENTS MUST
ENTER POLITICS
CROW LEY MAKES
NO APPEARANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901
Sick and Unable -to Obtain Bail 'Grace
\ McNaughton Is Discharged From Jail
Pending Her Examination for Larceny
ACCUSED MAID RELEASED
ON OWN RECOGNIZANCE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
ADVEKTI4K3rIEyrs. >
' ' ' « l Positively cared by
f*ADTTDQ these Xattle Pills.
Ij H l\ I Ll\0 ' rbe T a&> reQere Dts-
JSjflJI tress frca Dyspf psia. Id-
PaSMTYLE fils*saoaaoaTooHeirt7
gag I \f C" O Eatlcg*. A perfect tzja-
lipj I V Es ffm edj- lor Dizziness. Nausea,
If FILLS. DttJTTSlasrs. Bad Taste
•3-1 KjS la tiio if oath. Coated
jgg&^&a Tocirue. Psln la th* Side.
r^^*"" w TOKPID LIVER. They
resttuie tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMJUIKLL SmilOOSE. SWLL PRICE,
pTrj^Sg] CURE SICK HEADACHE.
EBittie Genuine Must Bear
||IVER Fac-Simile Signature
\ FREE — — ' FREE • FREE
STERILIZE!) SALT.
: ' -\l - - Two Packages of
LESLIE STERILIZED ; SALT,
Made In California and subject-
ed to the most searching meth-
ods of ; scientific manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
ket. ~:Fi$s$$j&ffigg0.
A two-pound package for the
table. :
A two-pound package for the
bath. > .
Chemically pure and every
package sterilised.
FREE TO WANT AD.
PATRONS OF NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
Bee announcement on Classified
".-;. _ . " V ./.: Page. ¦...<.•;• .
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL L\
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
• 1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
. 2148 Centp* Street.
Telephone Xortb 77.
ALAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, however, 'teed
never ache — It Is . th« nerves. Never
mind, call it what you like. w« can cure
tt. We will save the aehers If possible.
That is. if you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental work
tor little roonex-*
Gold Pllllnfr«..S1.00Siivsr PiUlnrs. . 50c
3olA Crowns. . $3.00 PorceUia Crowns -33
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATUtt *T, BAH TMAXCXSOO.
973 Waaldairtaa st, Otklui
S&a Jom. - - - S»cx*nf3*Puseoser Service Over L/udn Cat-Off.
Owsmsaclng Bunflay. . September 18, th«
Southern Pacific will operate paetenger trains
via Lacln cut-off, mixed train service, on*
train each w»y dally except Sundays, over old
line between Ogden and liontello. No change
will be made In the time of through trains at
Fsarke or Green River. - •
REDDING. Sept. ' 16.— There .vu & light
shower of ;¦ rain - In ; Redding • this ; evening, the
first of the season. It was Quite acceptable.
as it laid tbe ' dust. ' cleared.' the '< air of the
smoke of the many forest fires and was not
heavy ¦ enough to do any . damage .' to ? drying
XrulW ' .-*.. .-•¦-—¦"-—— -w*:
SUES DREDGING COMPANY.— Bult : has
been filed toy J. W." ¦ Henderson a«atost th«
Pacific Coast Dredclnr Company for $ 12, 057
damages. The plaintiff 'alleges' that on » De
cember 14. l»02. he was employed as engineer
on the ' defendant'* steam tax Walter Hackett
and was badly Injured - bjr stepping., on an In
tecured banker glttft. -^^^^^ .-fr-SsLi
M. F. Sullivan, son and partner In
the contracting: business of the late
Jeremiah Sullivan, was cited by Judge
Coffey yesterday to , appear next FtI
day and explain why he has so con
ducted the affairs of the firm that no
money has yet reached the hands of
John R. Alken, executor of Jeremiah
Sullivan's last will. The court re
cently made an order directing- that
Mrs. Margaret Sulilvan. widow of de
ceased, receive $75 monthly from. the
estate. The sum was not forthcom
ing and yesterday Executor Aitken
explained that he was unable to obey
the order, as he had not yet come
into possession of any money. A..ci
tation was then issued directing M.
F. Sullivan . to explain the situation.
Sullivan Must Explain.
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets to Yosemlte Valley
from San Francisco for $25' 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip' Is made entire
ly in day time and includes * a ride
through the Merced Grove and. the Tuol
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route Is through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls,
Bridal Veil and Yoseralte Falls, Cathe
dral Rock, the Sentinel. Glacier Point.
Three Brothers, El Capltan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stay in Yo
semlte may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This Is a grand chance to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
it at Santa Fe Office. Xo. 641 Market St.*
Reduced Rates by . Santa Fe. »
YOSEMTTE VAIiLBT.
E. B. Willis, for many years man
aging editor of the Sacramento Rec
ord-Union and until recently secretary
of the California commission to the
St. Louis Exposition, has purchased
the Placer County Republican, of
which he assumed control last Tues
day. Mr. Willis is among: the best
known newspaper men of Northern
California, where, as the managing
editor of the Sacramento Record-
Union for sixteen years, he figured
prominently in all public movements
toward the betterment of that section
of the State, and in taking up his new
enterprise he purposes to follow the
same course that has made him one
of California's recognized citizens. He
departed for Auburn last evening and
before taking his leave he made this
statement regarding the future policy
of the Republican:
It is not my r>un>cse at this time to go Into
details as to the future policy of my paper,
but I may say that the leading aim and object
of its Dub'icatlon will be the development and
exploitation of Northern California and espe
cially Auburn and Placer County. This paper
will combat the Idea, which has become so
fixed in the minds of Eastern people, that Los
Angeles is about all there Is In California It
will fight to a finish the claim of Southern
California to one-half of the State offices. -Th*
Idea that the seven counties south of Tehacnipl
should be conceded cne United States Senator
and more than half the Governors against the
other fifty counties of the State is supremely
ridiculous. The vigorous assertion of the
Southern California demand has for many years
won th« day. and the people of Northern Cali
fornia have tamely submitted. This state of
affairs shall not continue If the Republican
can arouse the people of this end of the State
to demand and secure a fair and proper share
of political representation.
Widely Known Newspaper Man As
sumes Control or the Placer
County Republican.
EII>TOR E. B. WILLIS
IS AGAIN IX HARNESS
Weaver were continually under the in
fluence of liquor, according to the tes
timony of the witnesses.
On Thursday night George • and
Clara, two of \ the children, were
found sleeping in Union Square. The
mother was found with Weaver, her
son Thomas and little Virginia in a
room at 45 Stockton street. The child
was almost dead from hunger.
Weaver, whp appeared in Judge
Conlan's court,' was sentenced to five
months for vagrancy. The mother
; was convicted in Judge Mogan's court
and will be sentenced to-day. The
case of the eldest , son, Thomas, will
: be taken up to-day in the" same court.
• May Stewart,- once known "as "Dia
mond. May," was convicted of vag
rancy .in) Judge Mogan's court. At
one time the woman had hosts of ad
mirers, her smiles causedvthe down
fall of many and her word was law
along the tenderloin.
• Among her : slaves were men who
have since become famous.. Her
sobriquet, "Diamond May," was given
her because of : the thousands of dol
lars' worth of jewelry showered upon
herjby men who were dazzled by her
beauty. ¦ : ;
¦ The fallen queen of the tenderloin,
who at one time would have disdained
to'gorinto the street except in a car
riage, was. arrested Thursday at the
corner of Third and Mission streets, a
common vagrant. As' she sfood before
Judge Mogan yesterday there were
few- traces left of the beauty that
drove -men mad. Her day was past.
She seemed no different from the
wrecks of - womanhood that drift In
and "out of the police courts dally.
She wlllbe sentenced to-day. . - \
John Molloy, a "cullud pusson,"
looked like a chocolate cream that
had' been run over by a dray -when he
was carried into Judge Mogan's court.
Part 'of J him was bandage, the rest
was groans.
• "I was making an arrest at Jackson
and Stockton," explained Policeman
George Douglass. "The negro butted
In.-M remonstrated with him."
V'T^. guess you remonstrated pretty
thoroughly," remarked his Honor
critically.,
• "Yes.'sah," groaned Molloy. "He
,'monstrated first at the top of. the
stairs andvkept 'monstrating all the
way down,' sah. - He Just done 'mon
strated mah whole head off and then
'monstrated me in the shin, sah, and
put me- out. He can 'monstrate
harder than Joe Gans."
Molloy was charged with vagrancy
and resisting an officer. His case was
continued. *
Policeman Douglass entered the
house conducted by the negro on
Thursday night to rescue a white girl.
17 years of age. Molloy says she was
left in his wife's charge by her
mother.
When Judge Mogan saw the girl,
who Is known as Maggie O'Brien, he
refused to let her go back to the ne
gro's place. The creature appears to
be weak minded. She will, probably
be sent to a public institution. Po
liceman Douglass says the negroes a*e
opium fiends.
F. J.; Brown, r a civil engineer, who
was before Judge 'Cabanlss for carry
ing a concealed weapon, pleaded trav
eler's privilege to, go heeled.
"While you are in this port." said
his Honor sternly, "you must disman
tle. That decision has been made by
Uncle Sam himself." Brown prom
ised to spike his guns and was per
mitted to -go free.
John-Benson, charged with attempt
ing to rob Mrs. E. Courtney on Thurs
day night, was arraigned in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday, Michael
Cunningham was convicted of petty
larceny in the same court. . He mis
appropriated $15 worth of clothing
belonging to Henry Lyons at 104
Kearny- street. • .
A Carlond of Trunks.
A' carload of trunks and dress suit,
cases just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. Now is the time to buy.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
SUISUN. Sept. 16. — Burglars broke Into the
Btore of ¦ the* Sulsun Implement Company last
night and j stole several shot guns, revolvers
and a ¦ large . number of articles of cutlery
amounting In value to about $300.
Xotice to the Public.
Newspaper Artists' League warns the
public to thoroughly investigate before
contributing to any alleged representa
tives of their forthcoming art exhibit. •
It is common talk In political campi
that Judges Troutt, Kerrigan and D. W.
Burchard will be nominated by the Re
publicans for the Superior bench. A
strong effort may be made to nominate
McClellan, but he has incurred the dis
pleasure of Thomas D. Riordan to such
a degree that Republican leaders have
been personally Importuned to exclude
McClellan from consideration. James
A. Gallagher, a prominent Native Son,
may be placed on the Republican
slate.
It Is common gossip that Gavin Mac-
Nab will give the Democratic judicial
nominations to Judges Seawell and
Murasky, William White and Living
ston Jenks. There is Inside Intelli
gence to the effect that Troutt, Burch
ard, Murasky and White are slated for
the Indorsement of the Union 'Labor
convention.
General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State Committee, will
be home from Chicago this evening, s ~
John W. Mitchell, a Democratic lead
er from Los Angeles, la In the city.
Lynch, the Republican nominee : for
the State Senate In the district em
bracing the counties of Monterey, • San
Benito and San Luis Oblspo, has a
hard fight ahead of him, as the normal
Democratic majority in the district is
300. The Republican nominee Is secur
ing the energetic, , cordial ; : and sincere
support of Senator Thomas Flint: All
reports to the effect that the latter is
Indifferent and lukewarm ; are without
foundation. Flint Is i open and out
spoken for Lynch at all places and at
all, times. Moreover, he predicts the
success of the Republican candidate. ,
All signs point to a sweeping victory
for : C. M. :, Belshaw. In ¦ the Marin and
Contra Costa district. ,The gallant Re
publicans of Marin- are 'all ¦ in line', for
Belshaw and Martinelll heads the
legion. All . the ' Republican' leaders say
that Martlnelll will surely receive high
recognition from the party, on account
of his loyalty and. manly bearing In this
contest. •¦•¦•. -¦ . ! ¦-'- : ' ¦¦' " * -¦ ¦ ¦ •¦
For the State Senate the Republicans
will probably nominate Richard J.
Welch, Nineteenth Senatorial District;
Edward I. Wolfe, Twenty-first; George
B. Keane, Twenty-third; Phil J. Has
klns, Twenty-fourth (unexplred term),
and John H. Nelson, Twenty-fifth. The
contest in the Seventeenth Senatorial
District Is still in doubt. The present
Senator, Joseph M. Plunkett, is a
Democrat.
The Republican local nominating
convention will organize at Pioneer
Hall on September 26. The Democratic
local convetlon will meet next Tuesday
evening.
The Republican convention of the
Fourth Congressional District will meet
in Pioneer Hall on Thursday evening,
September 22. The prospects of Repub
lican victory in the district are re
markably bright. All that is needed to
assure the success of the party is the
nomination of a capable Republican of
good character. The people of the dis
trict know what is going on in the
Democratic and Union Labor camps
and are eager for the opportunity of
voting for some man to repre
sent the district in Congress who Ms
not tied up to Herrin, Hearst, Ruef,
Schmitz or McNab. Among the avail
able Republicans mentioned for the
¦ innor of leading the party in the dis
trict are J. C. Wilson, George Stone,
William H. Davis Julius Kahn, A. D.
Porter and George Boyne.
SUPERIOR JUDGES.
At the outset Democratic managers
in the East resolved to make. President
Roosevelt's "dangerous personality"
the battle cry of the campaign, but
later on they resolved to switch and
make the "safety" of Parker the key
note. Bell got the first cue all right
and fired at the President point blank,
but ceased firing immediately on re
ceiving, the supplemental. cue. The Re-'
publican papers of- the district, how
ever, will not allow Bell to change
front, but insist that the Democratic
nominee shall -tell the voters what he
had in mind when he referred to the
dangerous characteristics of President
Roosevelt. Old campaigners say that
Bell's mistake in attacking the Presi
dent renders McKinlay's election cer
tain: *
The Union Labor party convention,
J. N. Copus chairman, will hold an
other session next Tuesday evening.
Candidates for the Legislature and Su
perior bench will be nominated. The
Fourth Congressional District Conven
tion of the party will also meet on
that evening. The programme to in
dorse the candidacy of E. J. Livernash
Is unchanged. The Democratic dis
trict convention of the Fourth, which
met at Santa Cruz and nominated
Livernash, was not attended by more
than a dozen delegates. In fact there
were no representatives to boast of at
any of the district conventions of the
Democratic party at Santa Cruz. The
Sixth District Convention nominated
thirteen delegates and the whole un
lucky number voted in favor of Judge
Conley. In the Second District Con
vention, which was held in the ladies'
parlor of the St. George Hotel, the
Important county of Marin was not
represented at all. The only remark
that created any sort of enthusiasm in
the Second District Convention was
Bell's allusion to the dangerous per
sonality of President Roosevelt. ,
FOURTH DISTRICT.
The danger of light registration for
the- Presidential election is vanishing.
The number of voters registered in
San Francisco up to D o'clock last
evening was 67,800. The enrollment
from this time until the close of the
registration on September 28 will ex-.
ceed 1000 a day. There will probably
be a great rush % of applicants during
the forty-eight hours ' immediately
preceding midnight of the closing day.
A total registration of 86,000 is not
unlikely, and the vote of this city on
November H may approximate 75,000.
At the Presidential election of 1900
the total vote of San Francisco was
62.917. There are predictions in the
Republican camp that this city will
give a greater majority for Roosevelt
on November 8 than it gave four years
ago for McKinley. If the Republican
hosts of Los Angeles fall to roll up a
tremendous majority for Roosevelt
San Francisco will again capture the
banner.
Much of the present activity In reg
istration is due to the energetic and
methodical work of the Republican
committees. As a general rule heavy
registration signifies Republican suc
cess. - •
Gossip Concerning Conven
tion Elates of the Several
Political Parties of City
The troubles of the Edwards family,
recent arrivals from Cincinnati, Ohio,
were aired in two Police courts. It Is
a sordid low-life story.
Mrs. Clara, Edwards, the mother,
shortly after her arrival in this city,
became enamored^ of Byron Weaver,
a young man of unsavory reputation.
She Inherits an Income of several hun
dred dollarn a month from an estate
in Cincinnati.
When the remittance arrived on
May 17 . she left .her husband, taking
her four children— -Thomas, aged 18;
George, aged 14; Clara, aged 11, and
Virginia, aged 7.
Accompanied by the children she
went on a prolonged spree with
Weaver. During this debauch the
younger children suffered terribly
from neglect. ! The strange' party
visited Petaluma and several other
country towns while the money held
out. During this time the woman and
Gillespie made a flank movement
toward the music box. Mrs. McAdoo
seized a beer bottle and stood guard.
"Sailor beware," warned the phono
graph, "danger is near thee; so be
ware! beware!" Gillespie took the
hunch and descended Twin Peaks in
record time, but was arrested on com
plaint of Mrs. McAdoo. The case w-as
continued to September 23.
John Gillespie appeared, before
Judge Mogan yesterday, charged with
disturbing the white-winged doves of
peace that roost continually over the
bar and grocery conducted by Mar
garet McAdoo at 1420 Castro street.
Margaret bought a phonograph
some time ago from the firm of which
Gillespie is collector. That phono
graph was the pride of the region. It
furnished dance music at the simple
fiestas given by the cliff dwellers of
Twin Peaks and mothers used to bring
their babies to the store to be rocked
to sleep by its soffstralns.
On Thursday Gillespie. appeared at
the grocery, alleging that $2 25 was
due on the music machine. Indig
nantly Mrs. McAdptp. denied that It was
"true. Meanwhile, the" machine struck
up: "I Owe $10 to O'Grady."
Gillespie argued and Mrs. McAdoo
flourished what she said was a receipt
In his face. "I guess that will hold
you for a while," piped the phono
graph.
"It is pleasant when not 'taken too
much of. Last night I fear ;i became
dishonorably intoxicated. ;I am happy
because the Japanese^most valiant sol
diers conquer the Russian piratical na
tion which'is a most 'dishonorable coun
try. : ¦¦ •¦:¦ - ;-i-vs£&5 :¦ : - ; i - : ; ; "
"When I was most peacefully return
ing to the -mission to study my most
difficult lesson, which is called spelling
and very bard to understand, I saw a
rickshaw which Is propelled, by a horse
Instead of a man. The. horse looked so
much "a . resemblance % to' my friend
Ituro,\who is a rickshaw man In Tokio,
which Is. most glorious'- city In Japan
and home of the Emperor. I got into
the rickshaw- and spoke v to, the horse,
which I thought was Ituro ¦ and told
him to proceed. He proceeded.
"I thought that the . rlcksnaw . would
bear me to the shrine of Shinto,: which
is on the high bluff at Nagasaki.. I. said
to the man who accompanied the rick
shaw which is propelled, :by a horse,
'What is this place?' x'. /;, ¦ « .
"He said, j •RusslanTHilL! . Then my
heart 'burned with^at most' honorable
desire tq slay. Tsaw^, person in the
distance who . was^ no doubt a most
piratical, dishonorable J Russian. \ -The
rickshaw man said his name was Mul
caheyvltch. Him I put to' flight. Then
I shouted 'Banzai' and was glad. . :
"The rickshaw man demanded of, me
several dollars, but I, had , not a yen
because for cleaning windows and also
to polish the brass I am only given my
dinner and most little room in the. cel
lar. Then most enormous . policemen
bring me to this honorable" jail where
the floor is of stone. and hot nice to
sleep upon."
The hero of Russian Hill will be sen
tenced to-morrow. ¦ ' - ¦¦'
.A Japanese rough 'rider, appeared
before Judge .Conlan yesterday. Alone
and unaided he took Russian .. Hill on
Thursday night, abused Patrick Mul
cahey, whom he | mistook . for a Cos
sack because he dwelt upon the hill,
and finally told the cab driver who had
scaled the kopje with him that he had
not a yen With which to' pay for the
ride.
"K. Nakamoro, take the stand. What
do you plead?" asked the Judge.
"Not guilty," replied the little brown
rough rider. "I am good, honest, faith
ful, industrious schoolboy from Japan
ese Mission School. Last night I had
some sake, which Is an honorably de
lightful drink of * Japan. If the honor
able magistrate would deign to- try
some I will dutifully send the same.' ••
The State Mineralogist Is preparing
to add several bulletins to the existing
The pumps are unwatering the Iron
clad mine In the Rough and Ready
district In Nevada County. Crosscut
ting will be resumed.
Large expenditures are Involved In
the operations of the Old Dominion
property at Globe, Arizona. Up to date,
according to current reports, the out
lay has amounted to more than $700,
000. The total estimated cost of the
new work is $900,000. All the under
ground work is to be changed. A new
smelter Is nearly completed. The old
6melter was torn down to give room
for something more modern. By the
underground changes It is hoped to af
fect a monthly gavinp of fully $10,000.
The United Verde mine, at Jerome,
Is Increasing its product. Many Im
provements have been made in the
mine, including the re-equipment of the
main shaft, by which added hoisting
facilities are secured. Two furnaces of
250 tons each have been replaced at the
smelter by furnaces of the capacity of
BOO tons each. A third furnace of th«
came size will be added.
SOME XE\V BULLETINS.
Several facts are reported by the
Placerville Nugget regarding the min
ing industry in El Dorado County. The
Monte Mining and Milling Company
has purchased a ten-stamp mill, to be
installed on the Monte mine in the Gold
Hill district. A smaller mill Is now
operating. The shaft at the Ida Mitch
ell mine, near Placerville, Is down
nearly to the 400-foot level. A road
has been completed to the Rescue mines
and the shaft at the Rescue is down
sixty feet.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
It is not expected that the real work of pro
ducing copper will commence before spring, as
r.-.uch preparatory .work has to be done. The
reduction of the copper will be by a new pro-
Mm: the or*, after going through the mill, will
Jj»- concentrated before going through the
emelter. Oil enters largely Into this new pro
cess of concentration, and it is said that ar
ran£eni€-nts have been made to put ten-horse
trajim on the read to Milton to haul the oil re
quired In the work. The people who now own
the mines and are preparing to open them
have plenty of capital. They have beejj quiet
ly at work for a number of years securing title
to extensive tracts of mineral land, till now
they o«n a vast extent.
The Mountain Echo says that there
are more than 1000 men employed in
the mines at Angels Camp and that
the monthly wage payments amount to
more than $75,000. The belief is enter
tained that within two years the num
ber of employes will be doubled. Large
properties are to be opened. "Eastern
capital," says the Echo, "is being di
rected this way and as soon as some
of the lodes along the south belt,
through Albany Flat to Carsons, are
taken in hand by men of means a gen
uine revival of business and enterprise
will follow." Operations have been re
sumed at the Salvator mine in Cala
veras Ccrunty, ivhich has been idle for
some months. The mine contains ore
of low grade in large quantities.
The Mother L«ode Banner says that a
strike in the New Albany mine has led
to encouraged mining on the East Belt.
The New Albany mine is near Carters.
The same journal says that the lease
for the Mount Lily group of six claims
runs for five years and that the lessee
agrees to pay one-third of the pro
ceeds under conditions. The lease is
from Jacob Schoenfeld and. David Ad
ler to Charles Grim.
Concerning the proposed revival of
operations at Copperopolis the Cala
veras Prospect says:
R«pons that come from CoFperopolis indicate
that the town is likely to resume Its old time
Importance in the near future. The owners of
the extensive copper mines there are busily at
viwk getting things in readiness for opening
the mints on a large scale. A kiln of OOO.O'-K)
bricks is being prepared, and larg£ <juantKlet
of cement and other supplie* are being hauled
to the plact. Quite a force of men is already
employed, rhich doubtless will be Increased to
imi men before long.
Recent deals in mining properties in
this Stale have been heavy. Among
these tr.ay be mentioned, as possessing
p&blic interest, the reported sale of the
Laudecker gravel mine In El Dorado
County, for $250,000, to D. H. Jackson
and others; the bonding of the Reid
mines, and the group of mines owned
by the Joshua Ilenuy esiate, in Shasta
County; the sir^l-cr deal for the Par
r.ell mine in Calavcras County, near
Anpely, which property has been bond
ed io M. Voinich; the bonding of the
Eijstern Hlar mine in Placer County to
«n Kastern company; the bonding to
the Shasta National Consolidated Min
ing Company of eight mining claims in
Shasta County; the sale to the Crater
Alining Company of nine claims in
fciskiyou County, near the Dewey mine,
and the sale of the Drinkwater gravel
claim of 100 acres in Trinity County ti/
the Drinkwater Mining Company.
Thes«j widely separated deals, geo
graphically considered, axe sufficient to
show that the interest in California
mining properties is well sustained.
According to the Tuolumne Inde
pendent an English company will oper
ate the Golden Gate and Gerrymander
mine and will begin work on a larg*
scale in November. Plans axe about
completed for dredging for gold in tht.
Stanislaus River near Knights Ferry.
A strip of land five miles long has been
bonded for dredging. A steam pros
pecting plant will test the value of the
travel.
The ehaft of the Argonaut mine in
Amador County will be extended until
it reaches a depth of 2509 feet. Sinking
is progressing satisfactorily. The shaft
at the Burlington mine is reported to
be down 75 feet. Twenty-five men are
employed by the Wildman company,
hoists are kept busy in unwatering ana
in the work of repairing and getting
ready to resume.
The Sonora Union Democrat reports
that the Jumper and Golden Rule
ir.ines in Tuolumne County are devel
oping extensively, preparatory to large
operations when the heavy rains come.
The Jumper mill is dropping thirty
stamps, night and day.
FUTURE OF COPPEROPOLIS.
Drift mining In the southern part of the
county has been an Important Industry since
the early fifties. The so called blue lead
extends through th? county parallel to the
main range of the Sierras and at right an
gles to the present streams. The channel was
discovered In 1852 near Minnesota. This body
of gravel is capped with several hundred feet
of volcanic debris. . The paying portion Is
about 300 feet wide and from one to three
feet deep, lying on or near the bedrock.
H. L. Johnson, the bonder of the Tlghtner
mine, reports a mill return of $3100 from a
mill run on 1000 pounds of specimen ore taken
from the large shoot recently opened up. The
ehoot hss been followed 75 feet and averages
15 feet in width. The rich rock is found
as a ribboned quartz within 2 feet of the
eerpentlne hanging wall. The foot wall Is
schist. It is planned to start a 1000-foot
drift to intersect this and other known shoots
at a lower level. A ten-statap mill will prob
ably be put in near the mouth of the tun
nel.
series relating to the mineral resources
of California. Two field assistants are
engaged in collecting the necessary
data for a bulletin to contain all that
can be learned about the industrial and
structural materials of California that
are taken out by mining processes. The
bulletin relative to these materials will
be issued and ready for distribution in
March. The work of the field assistants
in this direction has been about com
pleted in the southern counties of th*
State. Attention will next be paid
especially to the northern and central
sections of the State, where some work
has been already performed. In addi
tion to this bulletin one on the gems of
California will be published. The Cali
fornia gem field is mainly in San Diego
County, where gems of several kinds
have been discovered in merchantable
quantities. A display of .California
gems was one of the features of the
California mineral exhibit at the St.
Louis Exposition.
Concerning recent mining develop
ments in Sierra County a correspond
ent of the Mining and Scientific Press
writes:
At prevent this county ii the home of the
prospector and email miner. Every canyon and
fjlch li belr.e staked with claims, many of
which are belnr worked by three and four
men. In the aggrccate these small mines In
volve aa much labor and capital as do the few
larjje mine* in the more southern mining coun
ties of the State. Occasionally theee claims
have developed Into large properties, -employ
ing; many men and producing handsomely. But
tt may be safely stated that, as a nils. Sierra
is essentially the county of the prospector.
In a trip extending; through the width of the
county west of the summit of the Sierras many
of these mines were visited, and a description
of the conditions throughout the • county will
undoubtedly prove of Interest, not only as a
mere description of the county, but also as a
statement of the commercial needs of the min
ers, for each mine is continually installing
machinery. The county will be described by
towns from south to north.
At Pike City the Alaska mine has been
bought for $10,000 and on August 8 men were
unwaterlng the shaft, preparatory to further
development. This mine has been worked
Intermittently by different companies since
1S56. an ei£ht-stamp mill having been put
up In 1SSS. During this time over Sl.000,000
has bean taken out, mostly from the sur
face. The present intention is to test the
value with Increase in depth. The present
shaft has been sunk 462 feet vertical and will
be continued. A twenty-stamp mill Is on the
property, the forty-stamp mill having: been
burned. The company Is hauling In electri
cal machinery and an air compressor from
above Oroville. George St. Johns has charge
of the property. The development of this mine
will materially aid Pike City.
Thirty men are at work at the Plumbago
mine, bplow Aileghany. This quartz property
has been steadily producing for a number of
years. The tunnel Is in nearly 1300 feet. The
mine Is equipped with a "twenty-stamp mill,
also a power plant generating electricity for
the Plumbago and the Oriental.
At Alleshany the tunnel of the Oriental
mine has been driven in 3650 feet and a branch
of the main quartz ledge has been struck.
The vein occurs In dlorite and has been par
tially developed by a 1000-foot shaft. H. L.
Johnson is superintendent in charge. M. W.
Mather is manager.
LAK&E REGISTRATION
Calaveras County Expects Much Growth.
Copperopolis Has Cheering Outlook.
At Angels IOOO Men Are Employed
San Francisco Republicans
May Win Back Historic
Banner From Los Angeles
PREPARATIONS
FOR ELECTION
MINES FIND NEW OWNERS
DEVELOPMENT FOLLOWS
JAPANESE ROUGH RIDER
ASCENDS RUSSIAN HILL
K. Nakamoro Is Filled With Patriotism and
Sake — Manifold Troubles of the Edwards
Family Are Aired in Two Police Courts
THE SAN FRANU^CU CALL,. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
5
rt _ r n n n APy^TJLStaiEyTO.
CANKER. SORES
Obstinate cases of Cancmm Oris have
been relieved after three cr four applica-
tions cf
SOZODOIMT
LIQUID
A complete cure has been effected within a
week frcm three applications a day. . It is a
wonderful dentifrice. Nothing to equal it;
IT CLEANSES, HEALS. PRESERVES.
u f FORMS; LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
DOAN'S PIMiS.
TESTS TATIEHCE.
The Most Patient San Francisco Citizen Must
Slow Annoyance" at Times.
Nothing spoils a good disposition,
Nothing taxes a man's patience
Like any itchiness of the skin.
Itching piles almost drive you
crazy. .
All' day it makes you miserable.
All night it keeps you awake. ,
Itch, Itch, Itch, with no relief.t
Just the ¦ same with Eczema.'
Can hardly keep f rorn scratching it.
You would- do, so only you .know
it makes you worse.
Such miseries . are daily, decreasing.
People are -learning they can be
cured. * •"';.¦
Learning the merit of Doan's
Ointment.
,V Plenty of proof, that Doan's Oint-
ment \ will ! cure Piles, Eczema or any
itchiness of the skin. :: ; § ,.i
.Read: the testimony of a San
Francisco citizen:
: Mrs: A. F. Wick of 31^ Tay street
says: '"For' ten years I had attacks
of eczema on the back of my \hand.
I It broke; out ;. between the .knuckles,
causing a soreness* and" itching. When
the attacks occurred ; I used , internal
and external -medicines > and; paid as
! much, as<a dollar; a- box'for ointment
\ and salves and consulted physicians,'
1 but 'never 'knew I the .moment \ when
'the skin - ; disease ' would 'return.
, Doan's 1 0intment stopped the •; ; last
attack. ¦ During .'thei last six^months
> there v has • not » been a , symptom • of ; a
recurrence." ;., '
O For 'sale "by all -dealers. Price 56c.
Foster-Milburnr .Col; Buffalo,; ;N. Y.,
sole'agents.forJthe United States.
the 'riitme, i Doan's, and
-iakq ; no. i other.'* ;*^e"--~^r» :' ym* pC^j
AMUSEMEXTS.
INGLESIDE
GOURSIMPARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing win begin at 11 o'clock sharp aa4
continue until the last winning Sag go«a up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission st. car* transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to th« park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Sllppw.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
LAST TIME MATINEE LAST TIME
T0 T NIGHT. TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT.
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers
I Uml Kii
Commencing To-Morrow, Sunday NIsht.
THE ALTAR OF FRIENDSHIP
ml|Y(NjHous[
LAST NIGHT \MM
M TOREADOR
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
M SERENADE
Oparaiic Debut of Andrew Bogari.
Prices, 23c, 50c, 75c. Seats Always Selling.
REMEMBER— Last Chance to S«e
"The ANHEUSER PUSH"
Best fcnd, Funniest Burlesque.
NOTICE ~
Commencing MONDAY NEXT.
Another New One
MISS MAZUIY1A
A Brilliant Burlesque With a Plot.
By J. C. Crawford.
Ludicrous situations, sparkling musics. eap»
tlratlng dance*, magnificent scenery, highest
salaried artists in America, beautiful chorus
of forty. ¦ .
-. , Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Sam* PoDUlar Prloes. «l > '
The Musical Goolmans
And » Splendid Show Every Aiteraooa
and Eventaar In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MlWTATTTBi: EZtSOTBZO BATLBOA9.
THREE BABY LIONS IX THE ZOO.
. INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
PRISMATIC XnCSCTBZC VOTTXTAXX
SZS7IiAT TO-NXGKT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN to
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELJiAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SEATS SELLING.
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
Two Grand Operatic Concerts
BMkt'at tes alzakbsa.
SSn= FRANCISCA
The Great Prlma Donna Soorano.
We*. Night. Bent. 21. Sat. Mat.. Sent. 3*.
PRICES— $2. «l 50. II and 75c.
BASEBALL,
.Oakland v s. Los Angeles
AT- RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY....
-.- •»*•'••••*•«'•••••••••••••• .3tOO P. M,
SATURDAY ''^ t' H'
SUNDAY i 2: S. P A^'
LADIFS FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance sal-- of seats at S Stockton st.
PiliflrA D0NT FAIL ? TO
I aiatV sec thc beautifta
* COURT Lounging
Ann room, the EMPIRE
flUU PARLOR, the
« PALM ROOM. Hie
llf/lfid LOUIS XV PAR.
ui aiiu LOR sad the LA .
O , I DIES' WRITING
I Hotels £oom -
WEEKLY CALL^ $1.00, FSB YEAS,
• AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 2 DAYS %&?£*
Show Groundi, 11th and Market Bta.
RINGLING BROS.
100 Blsr New Featur ea. 375 * Star Per-
formers. Crazo leaping- the Gap.* Sub-
lime 1200-Character Spectacle of Jerusa-
lem and the Crusades. The Blffrest Show
on Earth.
50c Ticket, Admits to Everything
Children Under 12, Half Price
Admission Tickets and Numbered Re-
served Seats on sale during the engage--
ment at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music
Store, Kearny and Sutter Sts., at same
price charged on the show grounds.
GRANDS
• MATINEE TO- DAT.
TO-NIGHT.
Enormous Success of
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S
N«w Japanese Musical Extravaganza
I PRINCE"S^n
a* . FANrsasssw
&¦ tan Efrw^* 1
l J*%* 1 J\ IS Princess
Cast ' 'I F an T an
POPULAR PRICES.. ......... 15c. 25c, 50c
SEPT. 25— YORK STATE FOLJCS.
CHEERFUL VAUDEVILLE !
The Harry La Rose Company; Sooner
and Bent; Al Shean; leo CarrlUo. and
Orphenm Motion Pictures. Showinr the
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Last Times of THE GREAT SINGING FOUR:
BURTON and BROOKS; THREE MITCHELLS
and
"OUB BOYS IN BIiUE."
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c and 50tr.
.-CALIFORNIA-,
v . MATINEE, TO-DAY.
Mr. Frederick Belasco Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Last Season's Great New York
MARTA OF ThT LOWLANDS
Farewell Week, Commencing"
TO-MOBBOW WIGHT.
Sunday. Mcnday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
. Wednesday Matinee.
ZAZA
Thursday, Friday. Saturday, Saturday
Matinee,
TESS O7 THE DtTBBEBVXUES
SEATS NOW SELLING. ..-
bULUlYi&5lf4 LEADING IHEA'iHi
MATINEETO-DAY
To-nleht and Sunday— hast Times.
KYRLE BELLEW
And original company. Including E. M. Holland,
. in the Fascinatlns Dramatic Production,
»-* jm i-»r"f |7p<er» THX AM1TCUB
, ¦ 'Last Time Sunday Nlsht.
Beginning Next Monday at 8 Sharp,
The Marvelous Extravaganza.
"WIZARD OF 0Z."
SEATS NOW READY.
,/,*¦.*:¦- •¦•;.- •-.-¦-¦
A T /^ 1 IT A T~> Bela sco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR /was
General Manager
¦ To-nJght . and , Sunday Night.
LAST MATINEE: TO-DAY.
Evg/, 25c to 75c- Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to BOc
WHITE I *WP THE ALCAZAR CO. |
VA/ H IT TLE SE Y
In Capt. Robert Marshall's Delightful Comedy,
As Played by John Drew.
"A 'smart May smartly played."— Call. „
"A brilliant success." — Post.
- FINE PRODUCTION — GREAT CAST.
Mon.. Sept. 1&— Mr. Whlttleseyjln MONBARS.
MaVket Street. : Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
¦¦ TO-H1QHT — IJLST 2 NXOKTS.
• l MATS. - TO-DAY .AND TO-MORROW.
First Time Here of Blayney's Immensely Pop-\
ular Greater New York Melodrama.
ONLY A
1 SHOy^IRL
DDirCC Evenings... 10c to 50c
rfilWCO Matinees..... 10c, 15c, 25c
' i / MONDAY ITIOHT,
/ ~Sy jTAXUgf BT. THEWATaoa \ i
. ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
f\f||p^ Rare Novelties |
>V 'If I in the Arts' I
\ W% I Teplitz Pottery in the newest designs, C
A II'I II enna W are » Toledo Bronzes, Nuren- I
\ MM ''II er^ Fayence, Orpheus Glass Vases |
V B|l <J\ and Brass Goods in every conceivable 3
A ffiJl^l design. A wonderful display, the su- 1
lj«8jr\\ perior of which you will not find T
,^gy|^|i^Y short of the European art centers. I
ALL SUITABLE FOR. f
m WEDDING GIFTS /
V I. - 12:2ri32r SUTTER ST. >/ |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In the Good Old
f Summer Time
Your .colored shirts need to be so laun-
dered as to retain their pristine beauty— •
you don't want the colors to run, to have
starched stiffness to chafe the skin about
the neck. ¦ Well, here's the proper place
to get proper laundering done summer as
well as. winter.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET . STBEET.
' Ttlephona South 430.
Woman
; i^YvS^XVl^uVa Is lntereited ami should know -
»5fflMKiv5AJllrA about the wonderf nl
KSisAtanlB MARVEL Whirling Spray
vl^^t^GLS^sSk. ttonand Surtin*. Bctt-«af-
s 5®S«__»£» t — Jlo« Conrenltnt.
, likymr in* % I»t ft* tt.'' ¦ BfL J - ,11-^7,^"**^
If he oannoi supply the x'- flBW ..!. .y w j,V,i y '
- HARVKI., accept no W^, '<'t / -Jt^Ar r^. S
., otber, but send sump for • - . ; 5% , . g^AyOAj
illustrated book-»*»f**.ItglYes Y% / '"'if'
full particulars and direction* in- '¦ fti'jf ; '« .-
Talnsble to ladies. M AKVKli CO.,*T£//,.v,,, U ¦
41 rurkKon, .Ven Vork. ' - - ttiilii^jjj^
162 New Montgomery, San Francisco, Cat. V, .•
William '< Hattoroth (Ladles*. Dept.), 224 Sutter.
Union Drug" Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.'
Baldwin Pharmacy. .«119 EUta
Weak>Men ancl "Women
8 r "houi1d-usb ; damiana bitters. : thh
Great » Mexican Remedy; < gives ; health . and
¦treaffth to aexual organs, . X>epot. 823 Italfcet,RISES OUT OF DEBT.— Henry P. Fogurty,
elevator operator.' Saa Francisco, Died a peti
tion In Insolvency yesterday -In- th«- United
Suites :Dlatrlet' Court. * Be 'owes $800 and- has
no assets. - -.*)•,
BOARD DEXIED NEW TRIAL.— The Board
of li&rbor Commissioners has failed in its ef
fort to cet a new trial of the action by which
Charles Fcter and Horace Orear obtained an
Injunction restraining the board from letting
the news stand In the terry bonding' to John
F. Rooney. brother-in-law of Charlra 11. Spear,
pi fgident of the cmnniimtan. A motion to dls
mles the petition for a new trial was granted
Vr Judxe Sea well yesterday.
WIHlam Paultis, 'Henry" Cllntworth
and SwarV Nelson 'acknowledged- that
they- hSd ;been guilty [of violations* of
the ,deer before Justice i- of-' the
; Peace; Brewe.r . of ;Paso.ltobles yester
dayarid .were fined* $25. each. 'Justice
of, the. Peace Smith of Fresno fined'Ah
Sam $25 yesterday for tiavini? striped
boss in -his 'possession.'*/ F. Lee," a'flsh
ermari.'.has been fined $25 by .Judge
Whe&ton of Santa Barbara for. having
in* his possession a number of alalone
shells ' less f hariV fifteen : inches in < clr r
cumference. . ; •
-A party of four, men '. started out
from Cordelia, -SolanO County, - last
Thursday , v to i hunt' quail, regardless of
the : fact : that ) it , is* now : the ; close sea
son.' <I « Charles / Coreda • was the ¦* only
mah in the crowd to hit any birds and
iWhilerhe.was exulting. a; game warden
happened along, and placed him under
arrest.:.; Judge 1 . Forae :of . Cordelia-: as
sessed; Coreda i-$26... The Fish Com
missioners " have )? received :»word ?-.. that
several men <are shooting duck on the
Suisun f marshes. - A*; deputy ; has - been
Bent ', to .investigate the report, ;
Sportsmen and Pot .Hunters of Four
'Counties Arc Arrested ana
;S ':K&/:? '¦> Heavily ; Fined. '.'"'¦ ¦¦*"'¦/
Henry A. Coburn, carpenter, died
at the Maudsley Sanitarium early yes
terday morning of the effect* of a
fractured . skull. While demented
from alcohol last Wednesday he at
tempted suicide by throwing ; himself
across the rails in front of a street
car. at. the crossing of Geary street
and Van Nes3 avenue. The grlpman
stopped the car in time to avoid strik
ing him. Coburn then repeated the
act at the crossing of Octavla and
Geary and the gripman'of that
car was equally prompt. Finally Co
burn threw ' himself in front of a
team of horses and when taken up
was found to be suffering from con
cussion of the -brain. He was 31
years old,' married and a native of
Chicago.
those by Wild Tralee-Mlranda. War
burton (irrip.) -Lady Davenport, Roman
Athlete- Young Firenai. Rocker-Mount
Ida. Narcissus-Mamie Pleasant.
Victor Noble has bought the Loa An
geles hound Miss Domestic.
The Stockton Coursing Park will re
oDen for the season .about the middle
of next month. The ground Is too
hard at present, but a heavy raia will
make it right for running.
Succeeds in Killins Himself.
DIFFICULTIES KtesET
, . ; , " GAME LAW VIOLATORS
It. is to be hoped that the interclub
team contests, which did not take place
last winter, may be played during the
coming season. The chance of. repre
senting a club on its team always docs
much to stimulate interest in a game
and' to encourage players to reach a
higher standard of skill. -- *•:
The work of preparing the groun* at
Ingleside for the new course of the San
Francisco Golf Club Is going on, and
plans for a clubhouse are being consid
ered. Meanwhile some members are
playing over the Presidio course, where
tournaments were held on Labor day
and Admission day.
The new course of the Claremont
Country Club will be ready for play In
a rhort time. BBESBBBEstfSBKdft
It is probable the competition for the
open championship of the Pacific Coast
Golf Association will be held in the fall.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association the following of
ficers were elected to serve during the
coming twelve months: J. F. .Sartorl,
Los Angeles Country Club, president;
A. G. Harvey. San Rafael Golf Club,
vice president: R. Gilman Brown, San
Francisco Golf Club, secretary-treas
urer. The foregoing, with J. E. Cook,
W. ' Frederickson. E. B. Tufts, C. F.
Clayton. H. IL Sherwood, Captain J. S.
Oyster. Dr. C. N. Walter and the presi
dents of the Northern California and
of the Southern California golf asso
ciations, make up the executive com
mittee.
All Sections of the State Are Accorded
Representation in the Pacific
Coast Association.
GOLFERS ELI-XT OFFICERS
FOR THE EXSUIXG YEAR
"The boy is a loafer," said the old
man, "and when. he is not playing the
races with any money he can get he
is loafing around saloons. About a
year ago he raised a row in the house
and we had him arrested for disturb
ing the peace. Judge Cabaniss gave
him thirty, days, but' this time we
want him to get the limit. My eye
will heal, but the girl will not get her
teeth back again."-
Frank is 31 years of age and a son
of Patrick. On Thursday night he
went home drunk and in an ugly
mood. His father and sister remon
strated with him for using foul lan
guage.' He struck his father. Mary
ran forward to protect her father.
Frank struck her on the mouth. While
she lay on the floor he leaned over
and. calling har an offensive name,
said he would kill her.
Patrick McQuaid, 417% Grove
street, and his daughter, Mary, each
swore to a , warrant before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of Frank J. McQuaid on a charge
of battery. The father had a black
eye and the daughter's upper lip was
swollen and four of her upper teeth
had been knocked out. , .
Warrants Out for the Arrest of Frank
J. McQuaid on Two Charges of
Battery.
ACCUSED OF STRIKING HIS
SISTER AND AGED FATHER
BERKELEY.Sept. 16.— It is a little
too early to prognosticate who will
help defend the University of Califor
nia colors in football this, year.; , As
far as material is concerned^ that for
the varsity is almost as raw as that
for the freshman team. Even the
coaches are a long way' from knowing
how th^ varsity will line up. At this
stage of the game it would be" folly
"tfi even hazard a guess at the personr
nel of the team. From the way 1 af r
fairs look a team will; not" be; selected,
until Just before the big intercollegiate
game. It will take all of these two
and a half months to .develop" the
proper material. • ¦¦¦ ,' / ; v ¦¦)
The football squad does "not seem to
contain | any such uniformly . big men
as played on -last year's varsity.' ¦ The
big fellows, have all gone! There" are
no . Overalls nor Stows for '. guard, . nor
Iludsons and DemerrlttB for ends. Thi
material Is rather light, take : it all in
all. Coach Hopper promises -tot make
the best out of what is available... The
way, he goes at the coaching business
, in a revelation, to the veterans. r-There
i3 no doubthe sees the. only salvation
for California this year. is a fast. team
and all his teaching so far has. been
in that . direction. Hopper is ! already
being assisted in hl3'work by Mini,' last
year's varsity halfback, and, is likely
soon to .have Geisberg, .jwith .whpm
negotiations are pending. ..,/„.;.
" There are five places on the varsity
that will have to be filled; with- new
material — right and ; left . guard;- right
and left end and quarter. :; The -most
likely candidates for the' guard posi
tions are Reed and Gray, r who-: had
some experience as. members ,of '.last
year's second eleven. , Brown./O'Con
nell.and Arlett are also trying for. the
places. "Pat" '^Oliver is v the best";' of
the squad' for end ; and maydo, as he
showed -up well last year.. .^Sabin;
."Red" Oliver,- Henry arid Elliott have
their ,-hopes ' set on . one of rthe ¦; end
places. .. •: "¦-¦-''¦¦ L '-:^ ¦'¦¦::
.The rest of the line swill- be -filled
with veterans. .Stroud, at center, has
played four seasons and : knows 'the
game. " "Greek" Howard will • no ' doubt
be returned, to his old station at »left
tackle and "Heine"' Heltmuller.wlllgo
back 4 , to: right tackle.* Heltmullemis
Just : getting over, an attack ; of ': apj
pendicltis and has not don© any prac
ticing so far, ; but he will , be ; around
again soon. There is a likelihood that
Force*," last year's fullback, may.be: put
in at tackle. In which case either Heit
; muller or Howard will/be; moved;up to
{guard. ¦ ¦' 'V. .¦; .,'/¦•,' "••'"•" v-' ; \- : '"s^ :
• ' The- varsity > is stronger x ins ; backs
than in linemen.. \Snedlgar'Is'recover
ing from his recent ! illness,' contracted
in St. Louis, and will get Into the game
again, so . that the -. team will ; have? the
services of this speedy right half. Klt
trelee: of . last year's . second eleven . Is
& ; player . after ¦. the . Snedigar style . ana
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 16.
The work of two weeks' hard training
under the direction' of Coach -Lanagan
has had its effect on the cardinal foot
ball squad and a fast organization is
being rapidly perfected. With the
nine veteran players who were left
trom . last year a team Coach Lanagan
had the nucleus of an eleven which
was able to start at once learning
new plays and did npt have to waste
three or four weeks learning the
rudiriients of the game. Consequently
the progress has been rapid and the
coaches are satisfied with the outlook.
There: are to be two qualifications
this year which every man who hopes
to. make the Stanford team must have.
These, are weight and speed. Coach
Lanagan' feels that both the University
of California -and the Stanford teams
will be . .stronger I than those of ¦ last
year and he is looking forward
to a. union of weight and speed that
will develop" a team capable either of
plunging through a heavy line, or
skirting the .opponent's ends at top
speed. To accent -this speed a new
way of passing the ball from center to
quarterback is being tried. .The.cen
ter snaps the - ball into the quarter's
hands instead of , his arms, as hereto
fore. .This- enables the quarter to pass
the , ball to the backs easier and more
quickly. The tendency in. this method
Is : more frequent fumbling, but with
quarterbacks, as- sure as.Stott and
Bansbach there is little danger of
this.* ..-,¦. . __...»., ,
. There are nine veterans playing on
the field eleven now- and they seem a
tower of strength. Captain Clark will
be at left end. Roosevelt at either left
guard or tackle, Thompson , at right
guard, Shields right tackle and Smith
right end form a strong, heavy line
with but two vacancies to be filled.
Bansbach will be a quarter again and
will give the , signals. Stott . is here to
take. Bansbach 's x>lace in case the.lat
ter ; is hurt. Dole, Weller and Chal
mers .co'molete a back field that ; will
average ,175 pounds to the man. T i,:
vlt-is far too early in the season • to
say, these veterans : will all get into the
game, v ; Some ; may be '- injured ? in - , the
preliminary-games and again some
of them, may dose 1 their." positions to
better men, but -their, presence in the
game makes the outlook for ; success
and" victory far from- discouraging.
, There -are < several husky - freshmen
who -are going; to make, a hard fight
for; the .varsity before the -'.season Is
over. : r Tomaslnl is' one of them; 'He
is a : tackle f from the Palo Alto High
school, weighs 200 : pounds and' punt*
well. VHazelwood fa a heavy; freshman
who, although as. new at. the game 'as
/Weller was last year.- seems likely ; to de
velop " into; just such: ft plunger as the
cardinal fullba.ck.fiVan Byckle,* Blood,
Montzlngo, Hyde, ;ChrIsty, ; Lachmund
and : Nlssen;- all " second ¦ team men last
year, are back in college and they are
sure -io tpoti up ; a ; good " fight ''. for; the
vacant .positions. 1 ¦;/-¦'.". • • >
The game on Thursday between the
Is counte'd'ori'todo. something, Claude
Kern, captain of his freshman team, is
being tried out in his old position ar
right half.*' Anloff Is another candi
date who has the build of a good
player, but lacks experience. > Evan?,
Elliott. Stines. Laseter and Osgood are
all in the going, too. ¦*.;, '•'. " . ¦ '; "*'~. '
..The,, tedm; will" be strengthened by
an experienced man In the fullback
position. Force and Stern played last
year: in that place and know"' it well.
Either of these may be used again. '
There is no lack of quarterbacks.
Of the lot Belknap arid Booth are the
best.' Belknap- plays a good; heady
game. ; He would have matte the var
sity last year but for an injury. | Booth
played 'quarter on the second 'eleven.
The • others trying are. -McFherson,
Coogan'and De Armand; ¦:'•'••'
. .There are -about ' eighty '-''candidates
for places on the freshman team. "Out
of . this big squad there are no "prep
school", wonders arid not one that will
make the team * for "¦ a "cinch." -For
the -eleven positions there are a dozen
or ;. more trying and" some . of the more
likely .ones are the following named:
Guards— Bamlcott," '"Auburn: Foster, Mount
Tamalpais; Kattpnbach and Kerr, ¦ Berkeley. •
Tackles — Edgar Stow, Belmont; Newman,
Shaw, Bromhay, Woodruff and Richardson. *
. End*— West, Mechre'ssel, Towne, . Ashley,
Zarharals. : ¦¦-•.:. . ,
-Half • backs— McDonald. * Bell,
Brown. Snowdeh' of Oakland, "Danow and Ar
ftold, Parsons of Berkeley, Sperry of. Modesto.
.- Fall buck* — Fuller of Pomona, Horton of Los
Aiijtcles,: and Rlley. • '.:: ¦• -> ¦
. Quartet backs— HerrlQtt, Healy of Petaluma
andGblcher of L!ck. . ¦¦ • - ..
Olympic Eleven Will Meet the Cardinal Men on the Stanford Cam
pus This^ 'Afternoon iii the First Game' of the Season.
GRIDIRON PRACTICE ON IN EARNEST
AT BOTH BERKELEY AND STANFORD
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL. CAPTAIN AND, BOMB OF THE PLAYERS WHO WILL DEFEND THE BLUE AND
GOLD THIS SEASON. BERKELEY MUST DEVELOP A NEW. TEAM. AND AS THE MATERIAL IS LIGHT. SPEED IS THE
DESIRED QUALITY. ... .
Junior Champion stake — Fortunate Dawn,
Forest Fire, Hudson. Rocked Asleep, Fiddler,
Golden Fortune. La Rosa. Hermit, Eagle Bird,
Flower Girl, Blaze and Pasha King.
¦ Opfti stake — Full-. Moon, Frlshy Barbara,
Aeohis, Pasha Pleasant. The IWeree. Haphax
ard, J E II. Renegade Apache, .Sacramento
Boy, Silver HeeK Charter Member*. Mickey
Free; Black Coon. Duhallow. Balendlne, Gold
Chain. Hose of Gold, Vandal. Barge, Conroy.
Fair Traltc, Pomona, Adonl». McVey.
Two stakes, ~ a class and a reserve,
will be commenced to-day at Ingleside
Park, the first brace of hounds going to
the slips at 11 o'clock. The running will
be resumed to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock.
The likely winners look to be:
Ciass stake — Butte City, Honest John. Lacy
Clair. . Shadow, Lost Chord, Oralna. Giaucus,
Commercial Traveler, Queen's Motto, Rural
'Artist.' Anna Ryne, Galveston. Modesto Boy,
Tom King, Clover Blossom, Laughing Water,
Sea Hen. Miss Brummel; Belfast. Colored
Lady, . Rector, Reckless Acrobat. Remlsso Anl
mo, Tralee Las3. '_.
«¦ Reserve stake — Real Duchess. Confident. Old
Irofcsldes, Checkers. Haddlngton, Lady Menlo,
Pure Pearl. Prompto,- BriHlaney, Fals« Alarm,
Luxury,' Real Pasha, Misa Lucille. . Frank C,
Sir Wlntcn. Kreeport, Sunn? South, Promethe
us Concord Boy, Ready Address. Sad Sam.
Rollins Boer. Clarice. Bright Columbia, Doc
Burns, Piker. SUnsoree, Manru, Tom Hur
lick. Rapid Water, . Haughty Helen, Idaho
Boy.., -
The Date-of- the '.John Grace Chal
lenge Cup, ' purse and plate, has been
set for. October 29 and 30 by the man
agement of .Union Park. The stake
will be limited to sixty-four, entries at
$25 each. The "purse" will be a con
solation . event for the . dogs beaten in
the first round of the cup. The "plate"
will be for the dogs beaten in the first
round ; of the '"purse." ; This gives, each
entry three. chances to win at least Its
entrance. fee. This will be the last of
the big annual coursing fixtures of the
year. ' ;v
, /L. Lagarmarslno. has purchased Aer
eodh from W. H« Kocher. Aereodh- is
a full brother to II umboldt and is on*
of , the most promlnent*'young dogs : Jn
the running. • . . , . . :
A.v Young has added.. Little Klamath
to his- kennel by purchase.
Among recent litters registered are
freshmen and Palo Alto High School
served only to get a line on likely
material and was not; a true test of
the baby team's strength. Everyman
on the ; squad was given a chance to
play for a tew. minutes and but a few
simple bucks and runs .were tried. The
next/ came will -. be with Santa Clara
College and the. freshmen.. will then
be-more carefully organized. '
'-; During the v week ; r Coach Lana jrari
will' continue: to drill the men in team
work.i ' Speed* Is what he Is after and
speed, fcrwhat he will have. The men
are . training : conscientiously and are
rapidly getting over the soreness of
body i brought on . by early hard work.
The annual winter, invasion of the
coursing fields of California by ' the
leashmen of the Middle West is soon
to set in. Messrs. Blake and Smith of
Butte, Montana, are the first to an
ncunce that they.wiHcome west short
ly with a formidable string Qf grey
hounds. . They were • here last winter
and were fairly successful. Two pup
pies they purchased here have develop
ed into hounds of marked promise.
They are Kokomo, by Fetter Free-
Mayflower, a brother to Flower Girl
and Rory Avlck, by Fortuna Favente-
Nellie Grey.
The Junior Champion Stake, for
which the best young greyhounds of
the year are entered, will, be run to
morrow at Union Park. The first
round of the Junior Champion will be
run upon the arrival of the 10:15 o'clock
a. m. train. There will also be a train
at 1 o'clock. The stars of the stake are
Blaze, the Futurity winner; Flower
Girl, the runner up; Rocked Asleep,
Hudson and La Rosa. An open stake
with Barge, Full. Moon, The Referee.
Haphazard, Silver, Heels, McVey and
other flyers competing, will complete?
the card. The likely winners:
A banquet will be gjven.ln.honor.df
Drummond MacGavin.the new cham
pion, next Saturday night.'." It will ;be
given by the California Tennis Club,
of which MacGavin has been a.proml-r
nent members for years, and will be
held at the California Hotel. . V; -
The effort to; bring, four of the best
Eastern players out here/ to play In
the coast championship tournament
failed, but it Is almost a certainty, they
will play both; here and in' the south
some time " In December.; " Ex-Cham
pion" Bell, who recently returned from
the East, : states , the Eastern "cham
pions are "' anxious * to 'piny here, and
arrangements "to, bring -them' out are
under way. Lamed. Ward, Clothier
and Wright ) are the four : who .will
ccme to the coast. , .•"¦¦' ; ..•' •
All of the best players in the coun
ties around the bay will compete and
there will be some high-class tennis
on the public courts. ;" Champion Mac-
Gavin will be seen in competition and
will be a strong favorite for first
honors. Percy Mur.dock, Will;. Allen;
R.' N. Whitney. George Baker. Clar*
ence Griffin and many of the Califor
nia Club cracks will also , participate.
The lady playertr of the park will
hold a class singles tournament to-day.
There is no first class at the; park
among the lady players and play will
be confined to second and third class
players. In the second, class Miss
Anna.Vodden. is the champion.' Miss
Travenar won .the third class", in '..th<»
last tournament." . .
The first annual tournament for the
championship of the bay counties will
be inaugurated at the park on the
23th inst. A cup has been donated by
Reuben H. Lloyd, to be competed for
until won three times.
While the players from the south
failed in the men's events, they cer
tainly carried off the honorB ; in the
events for women. The Sutton sisters,
as usual, swept all before them and it
in safe to say they will be champions
as long as they play the game. May
Sutton Is lit a class by herself and
could give odds to any other^ woman
player in the country.
The completion of the. coast cham
pionship tennis tournament at Kan
Rafael on Monday brought to a close
one of the most successful .meets held
in years. The number of entries great
ly exceeded that of any previous year
and there was no lack of class. Fifty
one players entered the men's singles.
At a rule about twenty-five players en
ter the tournament and the fact that
there were twice this number in the
competition shows how popular the
game of tennis is at present. This in
crease is due to a great extent to tne
introduction of the game at the park.
This -gave the general public an'oppor
tunity both to see and to play the
game. The hundreds of spectators
and players at the park oach Sunday
disprove the old saying that tennis, is
a ladies* game. . • =•
Since 1901, when George Whitney
v:as forced to retire, the champion
ship in both men's singles and doubles
has gone to players from Southern
California. - For two years Bell • and
Freeman divided the honors between
them, but this year both titles have
again come north. J. Drummond Mac-
Gavin has at last developed into a. star
and is the premier racket wielder of
the coast. In July he won the State
championship and by beating Bell on
Monday he proved beyond a doubt
that he is the. best tennis player' in the
\Vest.» True, Bell was at a slight dis
advantage in the challenge match, but
the consensus of opinion is that Mac-
Gavin would have won under any and
all circumstances,
Recent Tournament Shows
the Widespread Interest
Taken in Pastime. Here
Strong Kennels Are to Come
Here for Winter Season
• of the Leosliman's Sport
TENNIS PROVES
ITS POPULARITY
EASTERN HOUNDS
TO INVADE COAST
A grand Ftand accommodating 400
persons .will enable spectators to see
the start, the finish and the cars pass
ing at full speed. The cars will prob
ably be started at Intervals of three
minutes. There will be two controls,
which will take nine minutes to pass
through. The order of starting will be
decided by a drawing at the house of
the Automobile Club of America on
Saturday. October 1. Each competitor's
number will show the exact time at
which he will be started. It is said the
people who live near the course are
favorably disposed toward the race, but
for the sak<» of avoiding any possible
disagreements the racing board an
nounces that any intending competitor
who rxceeds the legal rate of speed
over tWcobrbe will be at once disqual
ified.
The course is ten times around a cir
cuit of Z" l ~t miles, or a total distance of
Z2S miles, and lies chiefly In the county
of Nassau and partly in Queens Coun
ty, New York. It has long stretches. of
Rood road, with few heavy grades,
rharp turns or crossings of railroad or
electric car tracks. It will be closed to
general travel from 5 a. ni. to 3 p. m.
on the day of the race.
Great care will be taken to guard
against accidents to competitors or
spectators, about 125 men being em
ployed on police duty at crossroads and
other places. Notices informing the
public about the race are being printed
in the nrusnaprfp. and other steps are
being taken to warn people of the tem
porary 'use of the road by the racing
cars.
Up to the Cth inst only four Ameri
can cars had been entered. Two of
these are White steam racers, the other
two being a Royal tourist and a Pope
Toledo. The White machines will be
driven by Rollin T. White and Webb
Jay. They have been built especially
for the race, but the details of their
construction have been concealed so
carefully that their horsepower is not
known.
The Royal Tourist is the car which
was driven by Aseph Tracy at the
Long Branch meet, where it won sev
eral events. It is a touring car, stripped
and equipped with a racing body and
geared to a maximum of about sev
enty-five miles an hour. The Pope
Toledo car. to be driven by A. C. Webb,
is of sixty horsepower. It was expect
ed that the Packard "Gray Wolf," a
Smith & Mabley simplex and other
American cars would be entered before
the list closed.
The race for the cup" offered by W.
K. Vanderbilt Jr. promises to be an in
teresting event. Though the entries
have come in slowly, enough have been
made to insure good racing. There will
be three 90-horsepower Panhards, one
of them driven by Heath, the Ameri
can operator who drove the victorious
Panhard car in the Circuit des Arden*
lies in Belgium. There will be three
60-horsepower Mercedes cars, one of
them driven by S. B. Stevens of Rome,
N. Y., its owner. The owners of the
other two cars are George Arrents and
Clarence Gray Dlnsmore. Two - 90
horsepower F. I. A. T. cars, one owned
by Willi im Wallace of Boston and the
other by Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt,
are also entered. From the Automobile
Club of France comes the entry of an
80-horsepower Clement- Bayard car of
curious build. It has a long hood ex-
Tending from the radiator, of small
dimensions in front, but much wider
and higher at the back where the op
erator sits ever the rear axle. It took
third position in the Circuit des Arden
nes, one of the most Important Euro
pean auto events. It will be driven by
A. Clement, son of its manufacturer,
a young man of 21 years who is said to
be extremely daring and ready to take
any chances. As he was beaten in the
Belgian event by Heath by the narrow
margin of four minutes, he is anxious
to turn the tables.
It was believed that a circular defi
nitely setting a date for the Joint en
durance run of the Automobile Clubs
of California and Southern California
would have been issued before this,
but the invasion of the Knights Tem
plar disturbed all arrangements. L. P.
Lowe, the chairman of the racing com
mittee of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia, in whose hands rest the prep
aration and distribution of the circu
lar, has decided to defer action until
the convention of* Odd Fellows has
come and gone.
The fastest actual sailing time over
the fourteen-mile course was made by
Fulton Berry's sloop Nixie, being
2:34:17. T. Jennings' sloop Speedwell
made the second best time, 2:33:32, and
Harpoon covered the course In 2:41:2S.
On time allowance W. O. Morrow's
sloop Challenger beat the whole fleet,
covering the course in 2:41:54 actual
time, in spite of the loss of some min
utes on account of the absence of the
windward stakeboat on the second beat
out. ;':-'
Though the important annual regat
tas are over, each of the three clubs
will hold a regatta before the end of
the present season. On Sunday, Octo
ber 9, the San Francisco Yacht Club
will hold a power-boat race, and the
Corinthian Yacht Club will have it*
regular small boat races off Paradise
Cove. The handicap regatta for the
Vincent cup will be held by the Califor
nia Yacht Club on Sunday, October 2.
The South Bay Yacht Club fleet
cruises to-morrow to Dumbarton
bridge, starting from Its moorings in
Alviso Slough at 9:45 o'clock in the
morning. The clambake and barbecue
recently given by the South Bays to the
visiting Corinthian yachtsmen were
highly successful. The visiting fleet in
cluded Commodore T. Jennings* sloop
Speedwell; the sloops Edna, Neptune,
Espey, Aloha and Aeolus; the yawl
Frolic and the California sloop Pacto
lus. This was the first time that any
considerable number of San Francisco
yacht* had been anchored at Alviso,
and the hospitable reception of the vis
iting tars was highly appreciated.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Interclub Yaeht Association has con
firmed the results of the races held aa
Admission day. A protest was offered
by Kennedy and Burke, owners of tha
little yawl Witch, which sailed around
the course allotted for the special yawl
class,' though she had been included
with the little yawl Kittiwake in the
twenty-foot class, or "mosquito fleet."
It has been the practice of the regatta
committee to assign small yawls to the
twenty- foot j special class, giving them
the regular 10 per cent allowance for
rig. The committee has this power and
saw no reason for departing from Its
usual course. The starting and finish
ing times of the yawl Witch were not
taken by the judges,, who did not know
on the day of the regatta that, her own
ers were racing. Mf5
This will be "members' night" at the
quarters of the San • Francisco • Yacht
Club - In Sausalito. The billiard arid
card tournaments, which were to have
been held on Saturday, the 3d inst.,
but' were postponed on account of the
absence of several members during the
Labor day vacation, will be held to
night- The night's amusements will in
clude not only billiards, but. also chess,
checkers, dominoes, euchre and whist.
Members only are to be present. The
evening's games will begin at 8:15
o'clock, and refreshments will ..be,
served. The winners will receive
prizes.
The fleet of the Corinthian Xacht
Club will cruise to-night to Vallejo, the
tide, which floods until 5:40 p. m. at
Fort Point and some , hours later In
Mare Island Straits, being favorable
for a run up the bay. The fleet will re
turn to moorings at Tlburon to-mor
row.
Most of thr yachtsmen of the San
Francisco Club will content themselves
with starting to-morrow morning for a
few hours' cruise. The California Club
has no event set down on Its pro
gramme. On Saturday, the 24th inst.,
the San Francisco fleet will cruise to
Vallejo, and on the following day will
race down to Sausalito. .
phy to Be Held October 2
First International Contest
for W. K. Vanderbilt Tro-
California Yacht Club Will
Hold a Handicap Pace for
Vincent Trophy in October
SUNDAY AN OPEN DAY
GREAT EVENT IN EAST
Automobile Trip to Southern
Metropolis Will Not Start
Till Conventions Are Over
Billiards, Chess, Euchre and
Other Games at Sausalito
Clubhouse for the Members
CALIFORNIA CLUB
ENDURANCE RUN
AGAIN DEFERRED
BELVEDERE TARS
CRUISE TO MARE
ISLAND TO-NIGHT
FOOTBALL GIANTS OPEN THE SEASON TO-DAY ON STANFORD FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SATURDAY.' SEPTEMBER 17; 190*.
6Pole Falls on Lineman.
The sixth semi-annual field day of
the San Francisco Athletic 'League
will be held this afternoon on : ! the
Berkeley cinder path.; The::competi
tors are drawn from the ; Mgh schools
of this city aad the meeting usually
provides sensational, sport, as rivalry
runs highiMBHHMBBflHHHHiflBB
High School Athletes to Compete.
Woods and Burns in Drawn Battle,
SEATTLE, Sept. 16.— The" fifteen
round . boxing .contest i to-night be
tween Billy. Woods, the Los Angeles
colored" middle-weight, and Tommy
Burns v (white) ; of • Chicago was called
a draw -by Referee Charlie Reno.
There was considerable dissatisfac
tion " with the ; ; decision. Burns was
much the cleverer 'and showed: won
derful: skill In blocking Woods'* rushes.
Burns, lacked force tin his blows and
Woods came out of the contest with
out a scratch.' : It is claimed Burns
broke his. right hand in the eighth
rnnn il . Ill IhIIII I flBWiWHT ¦ .
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16. — A contest of
the will of William H. Dawson. a well
known capitalist, who died in August.
1903. was commenced to-day by Mar
ry F. Zicovich on behalf of Johanna
Redmund, an IncompetenL The es
tate is valued at 5125.000. The peti
tioner recites that Johanna Redmund
is the sole heir of Dawson, being the
sister of his deceased : mother. It Is
alleged that Dawson at the time of
making his will was mentally incom
petent and was subject to undue in
fluence, menace and fraud. Dawson'9
will dividing the estate between rela
tives has already been admitted to
probate.
Starts Fight for Big Estate.
Gardner and Flynn right a Draw.
DENVER. Sept. 16. — George Gard
ner of Lowell, Mass., and Jim Flynn
of Pueblo fought a ten-round "draw
to-night before the Denver Athletic
Club. Flynn's strength prevented
Gardner from putting him out. He
compelled Gardner, to fight close and
throughout the exchanges were about
even. In the eighth a hard right- to
the heart visibly : weakened Flynn, . but
Gardner was unable t^o send in the
winning punch. It was noticeable
that Gardner's blows lacked power.
SEATTLE. SepL 16. — San Francisco
l-»n an exciting game to Seattle thfe
afternoon, although Joe Corbett gave
one of the grandest %xhibitions of
wientiflc pitching ever seen in Seattle
It was a great race between Corbett
rnd Hughes, with honor* about a'
FU.nd-off. Corbett had the better of it
in the first part of the game, when
Blankenship fumbled. Hildebrand i
end Waldron then got hits, which
cave two runs. In the elxth Seattle
brnched three hits, which gave three
runs. The third came in on a daring
etcal by Murphy. Van Buren was
jinraing at first about a decision and
Murphy made a dash for the plate
scoring. The score: *
Seattle— I £a Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB R. H. P A
VnHn. cf 4 O 2 1 0 VnBn.lb 4 11 » 0
Mohlr.2b 3 © 1 1 SHdbnd.lf 4 12 4 0
Plnty^b 4 0 13 2 Walda.cf 4 0 2 0 0
FriBk. If 3 1 1 0 0 Meany.rf 3 0 0 10
B!nk*p.«$ 4 113 8 Irwln. Sb 4 0 0 0 •
Firith. rf 4 O O 1 0 Adso. 2b 4 0 0 1 0
Mrphy.Jb4.1 112 OGochnr.se 3 O O 1 4
¦Wilson, e 4 © 1 0 1 'Leahy, c 3 0 18 2
Hughe*. r 3 O O 0 4Ccrt-*tt.p 3 O 0 O 3
Tbtala^S 3 8 27 12' TbtaU.32 2 6 24 13
HUNS AXD HITS BT X3CXZXG8.
6eattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 x— 3
Bue bits ......1 0 2 10 3 10 x— «
TACOMA, WashV Sept. 16.— -Captain
W.'T. Burwell, late in command of the
battleship- Oregon on the Asiatic sta
tion.'is here on his way to Washington
to report to the Secretary of the Navy
for; special' duty..- It is believed he
bears important dispatches bearing on
the. Oriental war situation .from Ad
miral ; stiriing.^89SSBHlMH
Burwell looks upon China as almost
helpless' in the 'present crisis and.in
stances the circumstances when the
Russian <¦ cruiser Askold >and the'tor
pedo-boat- destroyer; Grozovol, running
into,' Shanghai .. for protection, ;were
followed.; by. the - angry, little • brown
men. 1 No* Chinese warships, were An
the harbor and he says "every, one ap-f
peared to depend ' upon the American
squadron to; prevent a< disturbance ;
•• In summing, up' the 'probabilities of
the war. Captain Burwell says:, *
"Japan is poor and- small;. Russia
rich and : populous. I'm not predicting
how the .war will end, but these are
th* : conditions and cannot be Jost
sight of "^SBtBBStmSSBSmtmatB
Countries at War in the
Far East.
Snch is Naval Officer's 'Opinion of the
"JAPAN POOR AND S3IALL;
RUSSLA RICH AND POPULOUS"
How the Big Elevens Will Line . Up.
The probable line-up of the Olym-'
pic and the -cardinal football elevens
this afternoon at Stanford in the first
game ,of the^season follows:
Stanford. • Position. Olympic'
Clark ..... Z v .". . L; E. R .Thomas
Tomaslnl...'. .....L<. T. R ...... McFadden
Roosevelt....... --L. G. R Keeghan
Hyde £ ent ' r ; Cavanaugh
Thomrson «. u. ¦ l» :Gaffey
Shields R. Ta L; ....Martin
Smith. .r.;V.^.- r R. E. L .Goleher
Bansbach ....... Quarter^. Smoc]l
Chalmers L. .¦ H. R. . . ; ..;...;. . .Bishop
Dole... ...R. H. L ...Moody
Welter.... Fullback .............siaker
San Francisco.... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0^2
Base hils 2 0 0 0 1'2 0 10—6
SUMMARY.
Errors— Blankenshlp. Van Buren. Irwln.
Gochna-uer. Earned runa-^-Seattle 2. San Fran
claco 1. Two-bafe hit*— Blankenship. Hilde
brand. Leahy. Sacrifice bit — Mohler. . Stolen
base* — Van Haltren. "Delehanty. .-. Blankenship.
Murphy. . Wilson. Double play — Blanken»hip
to Mohler. Bases on ball* — Off Hughes 1.-. Hit
by pitched ball— Frlek. Struck out— By
Hughes «. by Corbett 8. Left on bases-^-Se
sttle «. San Fraaclsco 3. Time of game-
One boor and 52 minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
Matches Will Be Played This Morning
at the Presidio and at
tha Park."
The Academic Athletic League foot
ball teams will open the season to
day, two games being played. Low
ell and Polytechnic will meet at the
Presidio athletic grounds at 10 a. m.
Out at Golden Gate Park the teams
representing Mission and Wilmerding
schools will line up. The four teams
will be made up as follows:
Polytechnic. Position. Lowell.
Dansiger k. E. R Lynn
Garibaldi *+¦ T. Tl...'.'i777^r.T.\ Pierce
Reardan *- G. R Boxton
Day S^ATw-' Touns
BonlfMd R- O. L TiscornJa
AiK'.fnwn -.H. T. L Phillips
McKenzie £- E. X. Brignoll
Saunders Quarter Roacovieri
Martin ?• "• £. L. Mcnteagle
Boannan {* «• »• « Pollak
Edwardi Fullback c«rf
Mission. . Position. Wilmerdlng.
Freeman J*- E., R. Buckley
Prs^Be L. T. R , Shcffer
Sutton •*•£- c - R Boker
Tretten £ ea S er V ..-.Merrllu*
Stafford. ..'....•'••• R- C L .....Harkness
Voorhies *• T. L R««»»
natkin R- E. L Lleb
Iyrurle Quarter .Qulnn
Ter-ill R- H. B. L Cook
Altken L. H. B. R. WhijipU
La Coste ...Fullback KgeshoS
ACADEMIC LEAGUE TEAMS
OX THK FOOTBALL FIELD
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Bedouin, Dandelion,
Pasadena.
Second race — Foxliuntcr. Judge
Phillips. Amur. ;
Third race" — Gmnnrn. Bulwark.
Broadcloth.
Fourth race — Major Dalngerficld,
Africander, McChesney.
Fifth race — Lord Badge, Carbuncle,
Proceeds.
Sixth race — Lem Reed, Water
Pansy. Wild Thistle.
Condition of the tract — Fast.
. All circuses are alike,' but Ringling
Bros.' show has new features that
San Francisco has not seen before. It
is undoubtedly the .gresitest circus
show that. has ever come to this city.
Wonderful, improvement is shown
over, previous '. exhibitions given by
this combination. .The people show
their appreciation of this fact by the
way they turned out last night. Every
seat in the big tent was filled. A per
formance will be given each afternoon
and evening, finishing Sunday night.
Immense Crowd nt the Circus.
Immigration officials have reason to
suspect that as well as attempting* to
force . the border by the land eroute
Chinese are being sent north by sea in
small' boats to be landed at various
points along the coast. The Manning
is to keep a lookout for this sort" of
smuggling.
. How difficult a proposition It is to
guard against the illegal entry of Chi
nese may be judged from the fact that
the recently captured band of eleven
got across at a point forty miles from
an inspector's station.
Inspectors Agard and Hutchlns ar
rived this afternoon with the band of
ten captured on Wednesday.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 16. — The revenue
cutter Manning arrived this morning,
under orders to remain here for an in
definite period and assist the immigra
tion officers in the suppression- of
smuggling contraband Chinese across
the border.
Revenne Cutter Manninsr Ordered to
San Diego to Assist the Immi
gration Officials.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First racc-r-Ethel Wheat, Rag Tac.
Mansard. .
.Second 'race— Devout, No Trumpcr,
Flectwood."
Third race — Princess Tnlane,
Brancas. Ahola. ./
Fourth race — Tokalon, Prince SU
verwingg.. Miss Crawford. •
. Fifth v race — Port Royal, Haviland,
LeIJn:
•.Sixth race— Useful Lady, DUellc.
Handy Bill.
¦•-Seventh race^ — Nannie Hodge.
Magistrate. Robin Hood. >
Cpndlt Jon of . the i ifacl: — Fast,
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
DETER3IINED TO PREVENT
SMUGGLING OF CHINESE
LOS ANGELES VOTERS
SUSTAIN CITY'S CHARTER
Defeat Councilman Who Sought Re
election After navlns Been "Re
coiled" on Citizens' Petition. '
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16. — A spe
cial election of unusual Interest was
held in the Third Ward to-day for th«
purpose of choosing a Councilman to
succeed J. P. Davenport, recently re
moved by the "recall" feature of the
city charter. The candidates were
Dr. A. D. Houghton. supported by the
Good Government League, and J. P.
Davenport, who sought to succeed
himself. Houghton won a decided vic
tory- . - -
The recall - provision - of the charter
is an Innovation In municipal govern
ment and the result of to-day's elec
tion was watched with great Interest.
The provision gives the constituents
of any Councilman who . has acted
contrary to their interests power to
"recall" him upon the presentation of
a petition to the City Clerk havinjr th*
signatures of 60 per cent of the.bona
fide voters of the ward. The Council
must then order a special election.
An unknown man was found by
Policeman Joy In an unconscious con
dition last night at 8:30 o'clock in
front of the saloon of John Kelly at
615 Pacific street. The stranger had
evidently taken carbolic acid.. When
found by the officer he was unable to
speak. He was hurried to the Har
bor Hospital, where he died fifteen
minutes later. A- broken phial that
had contained carbolic acid was found
in the toilet of the saloon. ?
Unknown Jinn Akcs Poison.
CORBETT PITCHES GREAT GAME.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 16.—Al
though Fitzgerald was hit but seven
times lo-day. every one was costly.
This, with loose fielding by Tacoma,
lost the visitors the game. Attend
ance. 1200. Store:
Portland — ! " Taeoma.—
ABU. H. P.A.* AB.R. H. P.A.
Um&n err 3 2. 1 1-Dr-yie. rf 5 0 2 O 1
HurU'.lb 4 O 1 « 0 «h*ha. 3b 5 © 1 3 3
.v -..;.„ If 4 I 1 2 O Nrdyk.lb 4 « 2 10 O
• ~yr.ts.rf S © 1 1 it Cagan. s. 4 1 2 2 2
Beck. 3b. 4 « 1O 2 Lynch, cf 4 12 10
V>ed. ». 3 n O 3 4 Casey. Zb 3 1 1 0 4
hpncr.2b 3 « O 2 2 M'Lgn, If 4 11 1 0
etelmn. c 4 1 1 9 2 Grahm. c 3 O 2 7 3
Butier. p« tf O 1 2 Ftxgrld.p 4 • 0 0 0 0
Totals. SI S 7 27 13' Totals. 06 4 13 24 13
RUNS JLVB HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland © 020201 Ox— 5
i - - bits O02O3O20 x — 7
Taojma © 2 1 1 © 0 © © 0— 4
Ease tits '.. 23111121 1—13
fcUMMART.
Errors — N'adeau. dynes. Dcyle. Eagan tZt.
)-:• •;• .". Fitzgerald. Sacrifice hits — Spencer.
Catty. Earned runs — Portland 2, Tacctaa 3.
Ptoltn l.a«*s — Lynch. McLaughlin. Graham <2>.
Kperjcer. Base* on balls — On* Butler. 4; off
Fiirjrcri-ld, 3. Struck out— By Butler. «.* b>
Fitzgerald. 4. Two- base bit*— Lym.b. Dren-
Ean. Tt»r»e-ba*e hit— Casey. Hosie run — Ea
*an. Left on >.-.-•* — Portland 7. Taccma P.
Hit by pitched ball— Ey Fitrserald, I. Passed
ball — Stceiman. base on error* — Portland
4. Tacoma 1. Double fiay— BuUer to Hurley.
Time of .game— Two nours. Umpire — Brown.
HITS PROVE COSTLY.
Sixth race, r.lx furlon-s. three-year-olds and
up. maidens — Jascn 112. Destiny 1C9. Wild
Th!5tlc 109. Revane 109. Gansevoort 100,
Sta-ker 1C9. All Rlsht 1O». Water Pansy 1(10.
Royal Window 109. Princess Atheling 109.
Rosle Dinham 1C9. Tide 109. The Captain 107.
Schoolmaster 107, L»m Reed 104. Falmouth 101.
Fourth race, th* Brighton cup, two and a
quarter miles, three-year-olds and up. 510.0OJ
and a $1000 rold cup^ — Major Dangerfleld 123,
McChesner 125. Africander 131,
Firth race, one and a quarter miles, handi
cap. three-y»ar-olds and up. $1200 added — Car
buncle 1CS, Lord Badee 1CS. Proceeds 99.
Brirrand 94. Moon Daisy 66.
Second race, the Chantllly steeplechase, full
course, three-year-olds and up — Flytnj But
tr?*« HD. Amur 147. Fox Hunter 1C4. Judge
Phillips 151. Georgia Pine 137.
Third race, five and a half furlonjs, two
year-olds, the Undergraduate stakes. $1500
added — Broadcloth 112. Salt and Pepper 104.
Carrara 102. Simplicity 102. Bulwark SO. Gold
Rote 99. Kin? Ccle 97. Juvenaga 03, Dance
Music &4.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16. — The Brigh
ton cud at two and a quarter miles
for a purse of $10,000 and a gold. cup
will be the feature race to-morrow at
Brighton Beach. Major Daingerfleld,
McChesney and Africander are among
the stars entered. The day's entries:
First race, five and a half furlcnzs, two
year-olds — Pasadena 115. Dandelion 110,
Blucher 1CT>. Arr.txrjack 1C5. R. L. Johnson 105,
Iv»nhoe 1C5. Miss Jordan 102, Bedouin 1C2.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
The regular cricket game will take
place this afternoon, beginning at
about 2:30, between a team made up
and captained by the Rev. S. H. "Wlng
fleld-Digby. chaplain of the Seamen's
Institute of San Francisco, and an
eleven of players from the three city
clubs picked by A. \V. Wilding.
Among the latter will be W. H. Mc-
Naughton. W. K. Stewart, C. W. Irish,
F. Levin. Henry Ward? C. Banner, J.
Lowe and B. M. Altman. Wilding's
team will play under the name of the
"Jamieson Raiders."
The Pacific team will play its last
match during the present season for
the championship pennant to-morrow
at Webster street. Alameda. The Pa
cific eleven will be made up of John
Myers (captain), E. H. Wilkes, H. D.
Bowly, A. W. Wilding, W. Petherick.
Norman Logan. D. Jamieson, E. T.
Langdale, Dr. O. N. Taylor, E. H. M.
Lannowc and H. C. Casidy.
The San Francisco County repre
sentatives will be selected from Har
old B. Richardson (captain), E. M.
Peterson, E. J. Stratton. P. R. John,
Henrv Roberts, T. J. A. Tiedemann, A.
C. Chadwick. A. Davis, H. F. Pepys,
W. R. Stewart. E. G. Sloman and Hen
ry. Dixon.
Pennant Match To-Morrow
at Alnmeda.
The Pacific Eleven Will Play Its Last
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race — The Regent, Mafalda,
BUssfnl.
Second race — Dargin, Getchel, Al
ffonc'-iin.
Third race — Varro, Miss Betty,
Check Morgan.
Fourth race — Hayes entry, Tom
Shelley, Lady Mercury.
Fifth race— Hilee, Vestry. King
Rose. ,
Sixth race — Eugenie B, One 3Iore,
Frank Collins. -
Seventh' race — Lacy Crawford, Lu»
bin. lra«.
Condition of the track — Fast.
END OF CRICKET SEASON
IS RAPIDLY APPROACHING
A few years ago Lukens. who is a
wealthy man, actuated solely by love
of this section, planted a large area of
the mountains in seed of the Pinus
tuberculata, but the" ensuing year was
bo. dry that although a large propor
tion of the seed sprouted, the witner
ing heat of the summer killed it.
Since then Lukens has established a
nursery on Mount Wilson and there he
has ' many thousand pine trees rrom
one to two years old. These are to
be transplanted' to the mountains' of
this section and it is expected that if
there is a medium rainfall this winter
they will do well.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 16. — T.
P. Luken of Pasadena, aided by the
Federal Government, has undertaken
the task of replanting with trees the
San Gabriel and San Bernardino
mountains where they have been de
nuded by forest fires and the sawmill
men.
Thousands of Trees Are to Be Planted
In the Burned Section by Pasa
dena Man.
Sixth race. -five and a half furlongs, selling
Gallent Cassie 104,- Miss Deuce 104. Useful
Lady 104. Padre 103. Green Gown 105. Dun
dall 105. DixoU" 107. Bonnie Prince Charlie
107. Handy Bill 110,- Wise Man 110. Baker 1IO.
Seventh race. ' six furlongs, purse Mandy
Las 98. My Alice 98. Allista 98, Robin Hood
»«. Nannlr Hodge 98. Magistrate 101, Mohican
101, St. Tammany 107. Frontenac 107. The
Crisis.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell
ing—Singing Master 93. Ebony 95, Exclamation
SVEIte »*. Voila 96. Leila 99, The Bugaboo
lOrt, Rossmond 100, Paramount ion, Prosador
105, Haviland 106. Port Royal 112.
. i U ur>u .ice. one mile, the September stakes.
J1KW added— Miss Crawford li*. Bearcatcher
107. Dalvay 107, Princ* Sflverwir.es 107 To
kalon 114.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16. — Bearcatcher
and Tokalon will meet to-morrow at
Hawthorne in the September stakes.
The entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Marshalsea
104. Ethel Wheat 104. Mary McCafferty 104.
Anna Beall 104, Tam O'Shanter 104. Beautiful
and Best 107. Rag Tag 1OT,' Josette 1U0. MI
rance 109. Barkelmore 112, Clausus 112, The
Fes 115. Mansard US.
fcecond race, six and a half furlongs, purse
Annie Alone 100. Fleetwcod 1OT, McClellan
103. No Trutnr>er 10S, Devout 103.
Third rece. one 1 mile and seventy yards,
handicap— Felipe Lugo 03. Ahola 96. Ethylene
«« T * -* 100. Princess Tulane 100, Judge
nitnes 10*. ¦
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
WILL GIVE OF HIS WEALTH
••? ' TO RESTORE THE- FORESTS
CHICAGO. Sect. 16. — The visitors made ail
the long hits, but Lundgren stopped them
with twp runs by striking out nine men. At
tendance 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 12 0
Cincinnati 2- 8 S
Batteries^ — Lundgren and O'Neil; Eaton and
Street. Umpire — Zimmer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16— Hitting opportunely.
be!r>ed by con\-enient errors on the ! part of
Brooklyn, won two game* for New York to
day. Attendance, 5300. The scores:
First rame — R- H. E.
Erooklyn 1 4 0
New York 2 6 2
Batteries — Jones and Bergen; Matthewson
and Bowermau. ' ' .'I'
Seeood game — •.'- iv R- - H. E.
Brooklyn 3 7 4
New York ". 5 8 1
Batteries — Cron'.n and Rltter: McGlnnit7 and
Wam»r. Umpires — O'.Day and Emslie.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 16. — Pittsburg outplayed
the home t^am and took the first game of the
e*ri»s in easy fashion. Attendance. 32»».
to: * K. H. K.
St. Louis 1 « 1
Pittsburg - 10 15 3
Batteries — Taylor and Grady; Lover and
Ptetp*. Umpire — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 16.— Philadelphia-
Boston game postponed until to-morrow, when
two games will be played.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
MERCED, Sept. 16. — The 10-year
old daughter of a rancher whose home
Is twelve miles southwest of Merced
was assaulted by a half-breed named
Trofllo Messa Tuesday afternoon while
she was on her way home from school.
She pluckily fought her assailant, re
gained the cart from which he had
dragged her and reached her home.
Intense excitement was created by
the attempted assault and within
twenty-four hours the wretch was ar
rfsted and lodged in jail. To-day In
the Justices' Court the prisoner,
through an interpreter, • virtually
pleaded guilty to the assault and was
htld in $10,000 bail. Shortly after in
the Superior Court he pleaded guilty
and was sentenced to thirteen years In
the Folsom penitentiary-
Assaults Little Girl and Within a
Few Hours Is Given' Sentence
of Thirteen Years. »
JUSTICE QUICKLY 3IETED
OUT TO A HALF-BREED
Third race, on* and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing— Varro 107. Pyrrho 104. Dr. Kler 102. Net
tl» Regent "»9. King' r Charm 93, Regine D
07. Lemon Girl 93. Dclinda 91, Miss B«tty
92. Alcom R SJ», Lady Fonse 88, Check Mor
ca-J SO. .
¦ Fourth' race, six furlongs. 1 the Ozark Sell
ing Stakes 11500 added— Braden 1C5. Lady
Mercury 104. Tom Shelly 97. Zinda 95, Ana
dcrco 95. (Zinda and Braden. Hayes entry.)
Firth 'race, six ar.d a half furlongs, selling —
Hlle- 113 Miss Manners 105. Jce Goss 105,
Vestry 105. Orient 105. King Rose 102.
giath race, six furlongs, selling — Sweet Tooth
110. Running Star 109. Sid Silver 100. One
Mere 107.. Apple. Sweet 107. Pottsr 101. Frank
Collins 104. Maverick 104. Ben L*ar 102, Jake
Ward 102. Oudon »0, Eug«»n!e B 96.
Seventh race, one and three sixteenth mi>.
selling— Lubin 107. Iras IC3, Goo Goo 103. Lacy
Crawford 1C2. Pathos 101. Miss Eon 8S, Ly
rist 90. . .•v^-^-n>.-^-x ¦; •--•..-¦•
Sfcor.d race, seven furlong*, selling — St. Atr
n»t II HO.-Ryevale 106 Atlas 103, Gstchel 105.
Jollier 102, Bradley Eill 101. Algonquin 101.
Phlcra 101. Dargin 100. .Easter Walters 97.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 16. — The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
First race, seven furlongs — The Regent 106,
Crsscertcn 104. Miss Doyle 101. Blissful 101.
Maid of Enid 101. Mafalda 100, Responsive
10C.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
- FIFTH, RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olda
and up: f ¦ -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. . St. «i Fin.
•5 to 5— Commodore. 10G (H. And) 2 14 14
6 to 2— Ice 108 <D. Austin) 5 2 6 2 6
CO to 1— Lasso, US (Perrine) 3 3 133".
. Time, 1:14 Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. -J. C. ililam &. Co.'s ch. c. by The
Commoner-Rora Macso. Barklyite 102, Kin
dred 101. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
SO to 1 — Drummond. 95 <Soder)..8 2^12
1> to 1— Edgardo. 93 (McLghn).. 4 - 12 2 114
2 to 1— John McGurk.lOO(H.And) 3 5 4-3 \Vt
Time. 2:04 ij. Start ftood. Won easily.
Winner. W. H.- FXzer & Co.'s ch. m. <5) by
Forester-Alma B. ¦ Barca 98, George Vivian
10O. Judse Cantrell 10C - St. Simoniaa 102,
Harrv K- 93, Secundus -4)3. Oudenarde 100,
Murmur. 100, finished as named.
BOSTON, Eei>t. 16. — Boston and New Tori
broke even to-day before a record breaking
crowd. Attendance. 23,000. Scores:
First game — R- H. E.
New Ycrk 6 9 1
Boston 4 5 2
Eatr-ri* s — Checbro and McGulre, Dlneen and
Second game— R-- H. E.
New York 2 8 3
Boston 4 7 2
Batteries — Garvln, Putunan and McGuire;
Toung and Criger.
ST. LOUIS. SeDC 16. — Chicago defeated . St.
Louis here to-day by a score -or 1 to 0. Harry
White. Chicago's crack pltcbcr, was at his
best. Attendance, 1100. Score:
l >* R_ H. E.
St. Loais 0 1 1
Chicago ..* 1. " -. 0
Batteries — Eiever and Kahoe," White and
Sullivaif
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 16.— The locals fin
ished the season at home to-*ay with a defeat
administered by Washington. Attendance,
viiirt e " '¦*" ¦¦**•***
— . .' v '. n a f
\» 2?3ington ••••*•••.•••••......... ° " ¦ *
Philadelijhia «* ". 3 9 8
Batteries — Patten and Clark, Henley and
Schreck.
CLEVELAND. S«r»t. 16. — Detroit won two
games from Cleveland to-day, the locals beins
unable to make hits with men on bases.
S-rores: • ' '
First came — R. H. E.
Cl-veland - 0 6 '-
Detroit 1 » . 3
Batteries— Jose and Buelow, J. StovaU and
Drill. ;
Second game R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 8 4
Detroit '. 3 7 V 1
Batteries — Moore. Ostdick and Buelow:
Jaeger and Drill. %
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
The pitching of both Newton and
Schmidt was marvelous. The batsmen
en both Eldes were utterly helpless be
fore their curves and speed and up to
the fatal tenth all the fielders were
"working almost perfectly. Newton
fanned nine men and Schmidt five.
Oakland got only two hits, one In the
third and one in the fourth.
Schmidt completed thirty-two con
necutive innings without allowing a run
to score on him after he had retired
the last ruan m the ninth. The game
¦would unquestionably have been called
on account of darkness had not the
Commuters taken their aerial flight in
the tenth spasm. The score:
Oak!ar;d — I Los AtseeJes —
AB. R. H. PA.. AB. R. H. P.A!
rrnkf « 4 0 0 2 2 R^rcrd.cf 4 12 4 0
Ganiey.rf 4 O O «> 0 Plood.Sb 5 1 O O 2
Dur.lvy It 4 0 0 2 0 «3iKh."b 5 0 113
ehl!iy.2b 4 0 111 ¦Travtfc.rf 5 0 12 1
Krujrr.'-f 4 0 0 3 O fb»f*.lb 4 0 1 9 0<
Stre.b.lb 2 «• 0 1 Z.T^za*n,* 5 O 1 O 2 1
Oevrx.Sb 3 0 O 2 * Ross If 4 O 1 3 0 j
Byrr.» c 3 o 1 * 1 ! ?pie*. c 4 O O 10 0
Pchnj5t.j> 3 0 0 0 4iNewta.p 4 1112
_^_ _ I ___ m^ a __ __ ,^_
- Totali.31 0 2 DO itJ Totait.SS 3 S 30 10
BUNS AND KITS BY INNINGS.
Is* Ar.*f'.n (tOftOOOOOO 3 — 3
Bat* h-l« . . 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 2 2— 8
©akiana of. OO000O0 0 — ft
Be** hit* . . 0 « 1. 1OOOO0 O— 2
PLMMART.
Ptc!«r. Y-cte— Srsilh. Error* — Devereaux 2.
Frsn^ks. Streib. Host. Dunl^svy. Two-baM
r:'.t>=— Rw. Bernard. Sacrifice hits. Bernard.
Chas-f. Fir«t hat* in errors— Oakland 1. Los
Art*>f 3. First ba*» on called balls — OS
ScfcaKt 2 off Newton 1- Left on bases—Oak
lar.<« 2. Let Asr*!:* K Struck cut— By
Frhtr.ict S by Newton 9- Double rlay — Cra
vsth to Spies. Time of cam-— 1 Jicur SO min-
Bte*. l".T:Mr* — McDcaaM.
Oaklir.d displayed the yellow streak
yesterday at Recreation Park before
Schmidt had a chance to achieve one
of the most brilliant victories of the
year on this diamond. After the game
little German had run neck and neck
v ::b the redoubtable Newton for nine
Innings, the Commuters Quit like a lot
cf milksops in the tenth and let the
Angels set three runs. Thus an ideal
game was broken up. Score, Los An
geles 3, Oakland 0.
The most enthusiastic Angel rooters
admitted it was a chame. Even after
the bases were filled In the tenth
through bad baseball and no one was
out. Schmidt never for a moment let
up. He was working as hard and as
laithfullv then as he v.as in the first
round, but he could not possibly win.
Every fan on the lot lingered when
the Angels went to bat in the tenth.
Newton, the first man up, slapped the
simplest kind of a hit to Devereaux.
He had all the time in the world, yet
he tossed the ball away at first base.
Bernard followed with a pop to second-
Nu one got even near the ball. New
ton could easily have been headed off
at second, yet no one tried to stop
him.
Thin Flood bunted to Schmidt and in
a twinkling: he threw the ball to Dever
eaux. The latter dropped the sphere
like a hot potato and the fans groaned.
Smith swung through with, a single to
center and Dunleavy allow'ed the ball
to go through him. ecoring Newton and
Bernard. Cravath drove out a long fly
and the »ast run came in.
* Luck played against the Commuters
in the ninth when they all but had
the game. Schmidt opened it with a
fly to the flag-pole which Ross dropped
alter getting richt under it. Francks
pent the jrame little slabster to third.
Ganley produced a fly to right field.
Cravath lined it perfectly to the pan,
nailing Schmidt by ten feet and spoil
ing the only chance Oakland had to
ecore a run.
W. L. Pet. I XT. L. Pet.
Uoa Ar.p'>f -' U .&S?j Saa Fran 23 2S .469
racct^a 27 22 .651 Oakland 23 23 .442
Seattle 26 2* .6201 PortUnd 21 27 .43s
(Ptc'.2c Coast League.)
(National League.) I (American Leagu*)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New Tork...»S 34 .742' Boston SI 51 .614
Chicago 78 82 .GOO; New York... 70 50 .61.1
Pltuburg ...76 52 .5931 Chicago 75 56 .57S
Cincinnati ..73 57 .5C2, Philadelphia. 71 54 .518
=C Louis 6.>66 .495! Cleveland ...CO 59 .53a
Brooklyn ...4b S4 .3641 5t. Louis r>4 73 .423
Boston 46 S5 .351! Detroit ..%..&5 75 .423
Philadelphia. 33 93 .231! Washington.. 32 S3 .246
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $1000. two In three
— John Tar lor won t*e second and third beats
in 2:t4'i. 2:10»i: Knox's Gelatine King won
theTlrst heat in 2:09*4. Norrte, Primrose, Jim
Ferry. Grace Kellar. Monroe and Robert McA
also started.. .-¦»•-
! 2:16 trot. Durse $1000. three In five hears —
John Caldwell won the first, second and
fourth heats in 2:12?;, 2:14. 2:13^: Kyrllc
won the third .heat In 2:1*H. • Free Silver.
Jimmy - Michael. Fairriew Chimes, Red Bird.
Masconoma. Cassie C and Dr. Short also
started. * -'• ¦"' ' ' - *¦ '
v 2:04 clas>. pacinc. nurse $1000. two In threo
heats—^Nathan Strauss won two straight heats
In- 2:06^4. 2:07*4. Gal lasher. Albert and Er
sklne Reed also started.
' 2:GS class, trotting, purse S1C00. two In three
heata — Jay McGregor iron .two straight heat*
and the rao?. Time. 2:10. 2:O3<4. Maasetto.
Andola. McKlnley. Marion Wllkes and Arlsto
also started. - -
2:12 tret. Durse $i:CO. two in tares heats,
completed — Altrea won ¦ the first and third
heats In 2:13>4. 2:10U; Fatchen Maid won the
f^cond heat In 2:1IU- . Invader, Lady Gall
Hamilton and The General also started.
READVILLE, Mass., Sept. 16.—
Major Delmar failed by three-quarters
of a second. to break the unpaced trot
ting record to-day, at the Readville
track, principally by reason of a heavy
track,- When the '" son of Delmar
reached the three-quarter pole- In l:30*i
it seemed the record would go, but the
track and * breeze proved too much of
a drag. The fractional time was:
:30%,-1:00?«M:~30%. 2:02%.'
John Caldwell. owned by J. C. Klrk
patrick of San Francisco, won the $1000
2:16-class trot cleverly. He outclassed
his field in the first two heats, which
he won in 2:12% and 2:14. He broke
at 'the -start of the third heat, losing
100 yards, and finishing last in 2:14. He
jogged, home -in the fourth heat, win
ning easily In 2:13ti. -Summary:
Britt stated later that he would meet
Gans after his go with Corbett. Of
course, the date Is a long way off. but
as both men have signified their will
ingness It is likely they may face each
other some time within the next year.
Gans said he would post a forfeit and
stood ready to meet Britt at any time
the latter stipulates.
The fights were all of the kind that
make the fanatics yell. Big George
Sullivan gave Joe Long an awful maul-
Ing in the main go of the night and
won without effort. He- had Lons
groggy and all but gone in the last two
rounds, but could not bring over the
decisive wallop. Long kept rushing
most of the time, but Sullivan always
met his rushes squarely, using a sort
of overhand chop to good advantage.
Dick Hyland let Frank Walsh, cham
pion feather-weight of the north, stay
two rounds. . Then the local lad went
In and got his man. He sent in some
hard punches to the stomach, and
Walsh soon rank to the floor a beaten
man. Torn Sullivan, won from Young
Choynskl in a mix-up that was gory
and furious from the call of time. Sul
livan was the e'everer and jabbed his
man hard. He began to mix it in the
final round, and Choynski landed a
few right-hand swings, that nearly
brought home the money.
Joe Podfsta earned the decision over
George Ellis; Harry RIley finished
Billy McGrew in three roundsf Young
Dempsey got Jim Linegar in the same
round, and Tommy West took all the
fight out of Eddie Kehoe in the open
ing period.
FORFEITS TO BE POSTED.
Gans was as cool and collected a*
usual, and In a calm, ringing voic«
said: "Gentlemen, I accept Mr. Britt't
challenge and I will post a forfeit at
any time. I will guarantee to make»
133 pounds ringside. I am anxious to
settle the lightweight supremacy and
let the public see who Is the real cham
pion "
As Gans was leaving the ring there
were shouts of "Britt! Britt!" Prompt
ly at the call of his namt the con
queror of Young Corbett climbed
blithely Into the ring. The crowd let
loose its reserve force of cheers as soon
as the champion, togged to the minute
and looking dapper and happy, posed in
the center of the ring.
Jimmy had a hard time beginning
his speech, so great was the cheering.
Finally he got settled down, and with
the grace of an orator and the gestures
of a tragedian said: "Gentlemen. Mr.
Gans refused to fight me when I chal
lenged him at 133 pounds before. Al
though I am averse to fighting colored
gentlemen. I will agree to meet Mr.
Gans at 123 pounds ringside."
As the cheers died away Gans again
made his appeanfnee at the ringside.
The house was In an uproar and It
seemed the colored vender would not
be able to make himself heard.. Quiet
finally prevailed, and • cries of "Now
what will you do" and "Speech" rent
the air.
BRITT AS AN" ORATOR.
The little sideplay happened during
an intermission of the San Francisco
Club's show. Joe Walcott was rtally
the man who stands responsible for
the display of eloquence on the part of
the rival lightweights. Joseph entered
the ring and in his usual pleasant man
ner announced he was ready to do his
best when he hooked up with Gans.
Some time elapsed before Gans en
tered the ring. When he did appear
the crowd greeted him kindly, and it
was some time before' he could maka
himself heard. Finally he stepped into
the center of the ring and said: "Gen
tlemen, I came out here to fight light
weights, but when I discovered I had
been matched with Mr. Walcott I ac
cepted, and I promise you I will go in
to win."
Jimmy Britt' and Joe G&ns started
the hearts of SoOO boxing enthusiasts
fluttering hut nl*ht when they issued
bold challenges one to the other from
the ring at Woodward's Pavilion. Gans
opened the controversy by announcing
that he yearned to meet a flrst-class
lightweight. Britt took the d«fl. and
again Gans came back and told those
present that everything was satisfac
tory to him.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Oakland Fielders Show the
Yellow Streak and Toss
Grand Game to the Winds
Takes the 2:0i Pace in
Straight Heats From Fast
Field at Eeadville Course
Both Boxers Agree to Scale
One /Hundred and Thirty-
Three Pounds, Bingside
EEEOBS SPOIL IT ALL
Increase Their Lead for
the National Pennant by
Defeating the Brooklyns
WEIGHT SATISFACTOEY
GIANTS TAKE TWO MOKE
NATHAX STEAUSS WINS
SIXTH RACE— Fire and a. half furlongs;
two-year-o'd maiden fillies: puree:
B*tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
10 to 1— Linda Lee. 107 (Davis)...! 6 H 1 h
5 to 2— Sa.-ita Catalina. lC7(Lyne) 7 2 «4 2 5
6 to 1— Raiment. 107 (Burns) 5 4 1 3*4
Time, 1:07 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. E. Madden's b. f. by Hamburg-
Myrtle Harkn^ss. Myopia, Jennie McCabe,
Lucy Young. Fair Reveler. Sumatra. Lcng
Days. Holy Smoke and Marie Me finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE^ — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up: selling:
Betting. Horne. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 5 — The Southerner, 97 (Davis) » 4 h 1 1»£
5 to 1— Stolen Moment. 113*(Mrtn) 3 . 3 *i 2 3>£
4 to 1 — Ed Tierney, 92 <Crlmm!ns) 7 9 3 3*4
Time. 2:05 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Weed's br. c. by The Com
incner-VI*. Garnish. Leader. Allan. Merry Pio
neer. Stonewall. Bolina, Agnes D and Ikkl fin
ished as earned.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap; three -year-olds and up: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1— Dekiber. HS (W. Davis).. 2 3 1 1 h
3 to 1— Ostrich. 100 (Crimmins).. 4 2 2 2 1>4
6 to .V— Hurstboume. 121 (Martin) 14 3 6
Time, 1 :52 3-5. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner." II. B. Durham'* cb. m. by Pirate of
Penzance- December. Little Em also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; cwllin;:
Betting. Horse. Weicht. Jockey. St. K Fin.
12 to 1— Castaltan. 110 (W.Davis) 8 1 JA 1 2V4
7 to 2 — Counterpoise, 110 (Bullm) S 2 1>42 1V4
5 to 1— Libfria. 9S (Sperling).. 8 6 «; 3 3
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Colt's ch. g. by BsthatnDton-
CaFtalia. Auditcr. Arsenal. • Prince Salzn Palm.
Sovereign. Palette, Neptunus, Cascine. Hy
drangea, Mary Glenn, George Keen?, Girdle
finished et named.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds; puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Ito3— Jocund. Ill lO'Neill) 1 1 l".il 6
13 to 1— Erocklynite. 112 lOdom). 4 4 1^2 V,
7to2— Wotan. 116 (Lyne) 2 2h 35
' Tim?. 1:44 4-5.- Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. A. Drake's ch. c. by Mirthful-
Flower Dellis. Jucse. Denton, Ben Crockett
finished as named.
In the second race Jocund, at'l to 3,
won easily. V/otan should have, been
second, but his rider, Lyne, after dis
posing of Judge Denton eased up a long
way from home. He was then caught
napping by Odom's rush with Brook
lynjte. . Thousands of dollars bet on
Wotan for second place were. thus lost.
Fleur de Marie came through in the
last few strides and won the 'opening
race like a game filly. Escutcheon made
most of the running, but died away in
the stretch. "Workman finished 'second
and Confessor third. Goldcroft, the fa
vorite, was unplaced. Summary: ' .
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
Benin-:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Fleur de Marie, 103(Brns) 8 4 h 1 a; •
9 to 1— Workman. 102(Crimmlns> 3 11 2 1*4
20 to 1— Confessor, 105<H. Phillips) 2 3h 3 3&
Time.' 1:14 1-5. Start rood. Won driving-
Winner. E. L. Graves* b. f. by Meddler-Mary
C. Escutcheon. Gold Croft. Yorkshire Lad,
Kra Fillipo. Niblick. Jack McKeon, Meadow
horn: High Life. Wild Irishman, Irish Jew
Crashed as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. Y., Sept. 16.
Racegoers saw the new St.. Louis
Jockey, Willie Davis, successively ride
four winners to-day. On the way home
every one spent some time figuring out
with the modest "parlay" of 55 on this
rider's mounts would have yielded. His
mounts in the first and second jaces
were beaten, but he won the next four.
The "parlay" would have produced
516,000. The boy has not had six
months' experience as a Jockey.
It was the fourth race that brought
to the post whatever of class was en
gaged during the afternoon. Hurst
bourne was made favorite at 4 to 5.
Little Em made the running for about
seven furlongs, when Ostrich raced
past her on the outside and seemed to
have the race well in hand. Dekaber,
however, slowly overhauled him in the
stretch and got up Just in time to win.
Hurstboume was in a pocket for the
first five furlongs. In the last quarter
he came on the outside, and in the run
through ihe stretch lost ground. His
race attracted much critical attention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE— One. mile; three-year-olds
ana up: purt«: e~:' * K~f '-¦& . "- ¦ '¦'
B^ttirg. irl0Ts\ WelshtJ Jockey." St." *« Fin.
7 t-.2— Wa!narr.oinen.lOHWiteon) 3 lfel 1 .
'7 to 2— The Lady. 1C6 <Henry). 2 4 4 2 2H
11 to 1— E. of lmli«.!Hji Aubuchon) 5 «5 3 4
Time." 1:41. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. Talbot Brr».' b. m. (5) by The Com
moner-Matilda. New Mown Hay 94, Bombar
dier 101, Copper 97. Contain Arnold 114,
finished as named. ' -
SIXTH .RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; s»llir.g: i O . ¦ ¦
retting. Horce, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1— Aiellna, 104 (Booker).... 1.12'lij
.9 to 2— St. Denis. 107 (Sheehan). 10 4Vs 2 1»4
11 to 2— Si!v«.?kin, 105 (Xiccl).. 4 3 1 3h
"Time, J,01 4-5. ; ¦ Ssart c<«-l. Won driving.
Winner. H.« Booker's ch.-f. by Balgowan-Mlss
L.rnan. Glrd'eFtore 10?. Tyrollan 104, Green
Gcwn. 106. ITsWul Lady V**, Pertsmouth 105.
Blade Aa 97. Sincerity Belle 99, LogisUlla 96,
ilarroont- 106. .finished as named:
Time, 1:(C. Start good. Won, driving. Win
ner. P. Dunne's br. c. by Pirate. of Peuxance-
Bracket. Fay Tcmpleton 09, Gan-ice. 102. Lady
Lasca 103.. i!art Gentry 90. . Bonnie Prince
Charlie 97. The Gadflv 97. .Dixie ..Andrews 94.
Th»- Lorelei 9<». Presentiment 97, Elston . 102,
finished as named.' '"•.. - , - - . ¦
riFTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-y.'ar-olds;
sslling::
Bottlr.g. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 toll — Envor. 101 (Aubuchon).. t» 9 1 J h
»to2— Lt. Rice. 102 (Mclntyre). 7 8 1 2n
15 to 1— Dixelie. K>0 (Bonner) 2 3 1 3 1.
FOURTH RACE — One. and a quarter miles;
four-year-oids- and up: selling:- •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5— B«-n Chance, lul (N'lccl).- 3 4 1 In
6to5— MaJ. ManMr. 10ft (Abchn> 2 31 26
50 to 1— Rabunca. 9S (Christian).. 4 5 3 3 1
Time. 2:C9 1-5. Start good. ¦ Won driving.
Winner. R. M. Western-Id's ch. h. (7)- by
Chance-Belgal*. Sioux Chief 100, O'Hagen 103,
Mr. Farnum OS, finished as named. - - -
THIRD RAC13 — Six furlongs; all ages; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.^ Bt. % Fin.
S to 1— Ram's Horn. 94 (Xicol):: 1 4 1 : 1 «i
15 to 2— Mad Mullah. 106rWHson) *" 5 22 -
' 7 to 5— Don Demo. 1 OS (Sheehan) 8-33 ." n
' Time, 1;14. Start good. : Won easily. Win
ner,- W.' S. Williams b Go.'n b. c. (2) by Bute-
Aunt. Tessa.. Subtle 90, Americano 112, fin
ished a3 named.
.^Tims. 1:27 2-S. Start, good. . Won' In a. can
ter. Winner. W. «E. Cotton & Co.'s'blk. c. (3)
by Hamilton-Cricket. Xannan 105, Great East
ern lOt:, Oaxaca 9S,' The Hawaiian 103.; Peail
Diver- 109.. Alma Girl 109. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling — •: .. - .-..
Betting. Horse. Weight: Jockey. St. • «i . Fin.
13 to 10— Ebony. 101 <Nicol).....V2 ' 2 *i 1 B
2 to l^Gloriosa. 116 (Prior).../ « 3 2 2 6
7 to- 1— Louisville. 104 (Lawrnce) 3, 4<i34.
CHICAGO. . ¦ Sept. 16.— Ram's Horn
showed himself a colt of unusual game
ness when he, led a good field home in
the third and feature race to-day at
Hawthorne. After' laying back for five
furlongs he ran over :¦ his •: field, in the
stretch under one. of Xicols*,hest rides
and • captured the purse -easily. Don
Dorao," the "gray, streak,',';; showed- a
streak of yellow." He displayed none of
his usual speed and, was outrun all the
route, just managing "to squeeze ; into
third position. , Subtle,' ; ;under a miser
able ride by Aubuchon./ tired badly
after leading nearly all the way.
.The second race, a steeplechase hand r
icap, which was conceded a cinch' for
the Corrigan entry, was declared off,
and a seven-furlong selling affair was
substituted. Summary:;. . . »
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling: „-—
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin. •
12 to 1 — Mcnis. W i&eamster),..: 2 In 1.2 ".
15 to 1— Begone. 1M tLawrence).12 10 H 2 4.
2 to 1— Jehane. 9S tNled) ........' 5 4 h 3 h ¦
Time, 1:15. Start good. • Won randy. Winner,
G." J- Shugart's ' b. . f • • (?> by- RusseU-Schottka.
Bernice IKi. Trossachs 9S/. Dod Anderson 103.
Cleora 1C9, Florista 104. . Eleata S«S, Pearl^tone
104, Janet. Fcnso 93. Sarna CO.- Wine Sap 100.
finished as'- named. . " v ¦-.'•'¦ • - • •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
THIRD .RACE — Seven furlongs; two-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 3— AgKie Lewis. 101 tAndrsn) 5 3 n 1 1&
5 to 1— AVh!sk»rs, 100 (Matthews) 6 12 2 2
13 to 1— King' 9 Charm. 1CS (Dngn) 2 5 4 3 n
Time, 1 :23. • Start good. Won easily. Winner,
E. Trotter's br..f. <3) by Pirate of Penzance-
Cicely. ¦ Miltcn Young *S2. Eleanor l#>ward 105.
Thlsbe 103, Preakness 97, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE^-Flve and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds : • • '
Betting.; Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
fi to 1— Arlena. 96 (Howell) 2 1 3 1 h.
16 to 1— Red Leaf. 96 (MeLgn) 5 2 3 2 10
r » to 2 — Layson, 99 il). Austin).. 4 5 ij 3 1
Time. 1:C9. ; Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. M. • A. Lawson's br. f. by Walter
Level-VigHette. Allen Avon 90, Pinkerton 113,
Annabelle Lee 96. finished as named.
SECON'D RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds:
Bettinff. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. ',
It to 1— Trycn.lUS <H. Anderson) 3 1 na T*
25 to 1 — Far.nette, OS <Soder) 1 2 5 2 L
S to 1— Tom Howe, 08 (Rice).... 7 4 1 3S
.Time. 1 :\S\i. .Start fair. Wen easily. Win
ner,. G. Lanka's- br. g. by Baasetlaw-Troyeae.
Yellow Hammer' 101. Muscorolr 102. Bel Coetir
ICC. Klowa Chief 103. Lookaway »8. St. Parts
ICG. Maid of the Order US. Torlo 101, Sam Ste
vens 9S, .finished. as named.
Time, 1 :(«%.¦ start Rood. Won easily. Win
ner, 'J. Howell's b. g. by Handsell-Mtss Eddie.
Preventatlve 93. Jack Jlcran 106. Leila Hunter
DC. Lady Lot-.- is. Captain Brolcski 100. Anona
100, Voltage OS, Chancy 93, Monogram ICO. fin
ished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept.; 16.— Pihkerton, Bar
ney Schreiber's great : " two-year-old,
gave the talent a severe shock at Del
mar to-day by failing • to run in the
money. Pinkerton was heavily • played
at 3 to 5 and 4 to 5. Favorites and out
siders broke even on the day. Anderson
rode three winners. •
"The weather was clear and the" track
fast. Attendance .5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-old«:
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
12tol— B. Har.d«ell. 65 (HoweU) 112 IS
7 to 1 — Ethel' is Pride. 9S (Austin) 2' 2 1 2 *i
& to 2— Tim Hurst. 107 <Perrine>7 «2 3 ha
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
Newton and Schmidt Indulge
in One of the* Greatest
Pitchers' Fights of Year
A Strong Breeze and a Heavy
.Track Prove Too. Great a
"Handicap for the Horse
Boston and New York Ameri
cans Each Take a Game
on the Former's Grounds
Stipulates That It Is to
Take Place After Corbett
Affair Is Disposed Of
Barney Schreiber's Pinker
ton, the Favorite, Fails to
Run in the Money.
Ram's Horn Proves His Class
by Winning Handily at
Hawthorne.
Dekaber Gets Up in Time to
Beat Ostrich in Fea
ture Race.
COMMUTERS QUIT
AND ANGELS WIN
IN TENTH ROUND
LEAGUE LEADERS
DIVIDE HONORS
ON THE DIAMOND
MAJOR DELMAR
FAILS IN ATTACK
ON MILE RECORD
"WILLIE" DAVIS RIDES FOUR WINNERS
IN SUCCESSION, ALTHOUGH A NOVICE
BRITT AGREES
TO MATCH WITH
CHAMPION GANS
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 190*.
JOCKEY OP PROMISE BURSTS ON VISION OF BRIGHTON RACEGOERS
~t Poverty; is no.disgrace; the 5 disgrace
begins when -you are. "unable to hide it
PARIS, SeDt. 16.— W. K. Vander
bilt's iPolycarp", . with Ransch up, "won
the: Prix du Bac" at the .Malson La
flttc races . to-day. . ; " w . ; , v
Vanderbilt's Polycarp a Winner.
ARRIVED.
\V; Friday, September 16.: j.
» Bchr '-- Henry ." Wilaon. ' Johnson, 6 , days ; from
Grays : Harbor. "
.....-¦ -SAILED. ;
' Friday. September, 16. -_„
-¦ 1 SUnr ; Santa ; CriiJ!.i Albert*,' Port*"Harford.
'OCEAN; STEAMERS. :
NEwlTORK^f Arrived Sept 16— Stmr , Luc*-'
1 nlK. from Liverpool and . Queerotown. . . - , .
LATE ' SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAN JOSE, Sept- IS. — Lee McKim
xnlsh, a lineman of this city In the
employ of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany.- was frightfully injured while
working . in San Mateo County to-day.
A partly raised pole .fell .and struck
him -about the shoulders, driving his
jawbone \ down his throat, breaking
both arms and injuring him - inter
nally.
7
pjjEE " FREE FREE
STERDLJZED SALT. .
Two Packages of ¦
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT,
Made m California and subject-
ed to the most searching meth-
od^ of scientific mannfactare
before beinff placed on the mar-.
A two-poond package for the
\ two* pound package for the
bath. . ,
Chemically pure and ererr
nackagc steriliaed.
*^ FREE TO WANT AD.
PATRONS OF NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
See announcement on Classified -All in all. the oditibn is one that every local and visiting. Odd
Fellow will find indispensable as an authentic Vecord of; the present
status of State and National Odd Fellowship. . • H^P^
"American Odd Fellowship/' by William H.; Barnes, grand
scribe of the Grand Lodge of California and past grand master of
Georgia, is a review of Odd Fellowship from a national' stand
point. Mr. Barnes is one of the most widely known Odd Fellows
in the United States. His article embraces a brief account of tin
establishment of the institution of Odd Fellowship in the United
States, its career in America, its influences, benefactions and the
principles for which it stands. Articles by other of foremost
Odd Fellows in the State are: "The Spiritual Side of Odd Fellow
ship," by Rev. Elbert R. Dille, past grand chaplain of the Grand
Lodge; "History of 'the Patriarchs Militantin California," by Brig
adier General and Department Commander Henry O. Brower, and
"The Influence of Odd Fellowship on California," by 'Grand Sec
retary George T. Shaw. .
The Rebekah Assembly and its work is fully treated in thr^e
special articles, with many, illustrations. Mary E.Donoho, secretary
of the Rebakah Assembly for the past fifteen years, contribute;
"The Care of the Sisterhood," in which the Orphans' Home at Gilrby
is treated; Mrs. Olive T. Allen, matron of the home," contributes a
human interest story on some interesting cases that have come
under the care of the. home; and Mrs. Dora L. Gardner,. president
of the Rebekah : Assembly, contributes a paper on "Rebekah, Odd
ONE of the handsomest editions in the way of halftone work
rand special articles that The Sunday Call Magazine has
ever produced will be the special Odd Fellows' Edition of
The Sunday Call Magazine, which will appear to-morrow, in honor
of the encampment of the Odd Fellows, to be held in this city
during the coming week. The frontpiece will be a handsome poster
effect drawing in colors symbolizing the principles for which Odd
Fellowship stands. As in the Knight Templar edition, the number
will be devoted to articles by the leading members of the order
of Odd Fellows and their auxiliary branch— the Rebekahs — in the
State. The leading article is from the pen of James G. Maguire,
past grand representative of the Grand Lodge of California to
the Sovereign Grand Lodge of the United States. Mr. Maguire,
who is a practiced writer as well as orator, will deal with ' the
genesis and development of Odd Fellowship in California, dis
cussing the pioneer lodges, the organization of the Grand Lodge,
the rapid growth of the order, the present strength , and volume
of relief, and give a general resume of thestatus of Odd Fellowship
in California at the present time. W>Vr-
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
Such a statement is born from a na
tural condition' of affairs. ..Without
passion for either side, the South
German has been won by very ad
miration for Japanese power. ' The
German newspapers ; are without edi
torials, but • In the explanations and
enlargements of telegraphic news .the
columns' breathe* a calm ; but _ veryVdls
tlnct appreciation of the superiority of
Japanese arms. The French s papers
have taken a most perverted method
of editing Asiatic 'news.; ; : It is" a ; fair
copy of : the St.V Petersburg censored
dispatches, \whlch ; have excited .; the
readily disgust* of all; German
papers. In the past few- weeks, even 1
In Prussia, has risen : a strong under
current : of '. criticism of Russia, The
BERLIN, Aug. 30. — Heralded by
Prussian press and devotedly encour
aged by the Russians, the spectacle of
a strong German friendship for the
Slav power has been world accepted
since the outbreak of the war. A
hard-headed, stubborn support* a will
ingness to tread carefully near the
limitations of international law, was
the reputed quality of German friend
ship. But certain curious statements
have crept into the German press In
the north, and even more curious ex
pressions from the semi-independent
German states of the south. The Ger
man friendship for the Slav is Prus
sian made. It is the child of the
he-use of Hohenzollern. Knowing this,
at once South Germany began to
show an independent Interest in the
conflict. Impossible of entire knowl
edge or sympathy with Prussian
schemes, Bavaria, TVurttemberg and
their neighbors watched with some
thing akin to satisfaction the repeated
defeat of a European rival in arms. A
Bavarian soldier Is drilled, paid and
in the service of Bavaria. If Germany
be attacked he is a German, but In
peace he is as much an Austrian as a
Prussian. Besides, Bavaria has a
yearly celebration, in which , she
mourns for 80,000 men who fell In a
war with Russia. A: large fraction of
Germany Is really without regret at
Togo's success, except in so far as he is
a friend of England. A strong, blind
hatred of England is one of the unify
ing elements in the German empire.
France is observed with careless dis
gust, but England has vigorous Ill
will from the Baltic to, the Alps. . Dur
ing the culmination of the siege ,of
Port Arthur- a young Bavarian officer
said: *"We admire .the Japanese! .How
could we help it? Also, how could. we
have the slightest respect for. the Rus
sian campaigns? Their lack of prepa
ration is the horror of. every officer in
Bavaria. Why should we ever tie our
cause to as rotten a hulk as the pres
ent Russian military organization?
You find small ."mourning .here over
Russian ill-success. ; And on the' other
hand we are driven- to a sincere ad
miration of the Japanese nation."
Special Correspondence.
BY CARUTON PARKER.
Russian Disasters
Lessen Friendship
of the Germans
1 Time was people could- be fooled by such tactics. Before
intercommunication was as easy as now a personal campaign was
easier and promised more success than now. The Whigs took
advantage of this in 1840. They inflamed the country against Van
Buren because his son John had danced with Queen Victoria, and
there was a set of gold spoons in the White House. These were
evidences that Van Buren was a monarchist and intended to over
throw liberty and . subjugate the people. It is laughable to look
back upon now, but one who will explore the campaign literature
of 1840 will be struck by the apparent earnestness and sincerity
with which such silly arguments were urged.
But it cannot be done now with any effect upon the voter. Mr.
Caminetti may try to appear better than his party by not abusing
the President, but he will have credit only for originality, since it
will be the first time in the political history of the State that a
candidate has sought votes by confessing that his party is too
indecent to follow or to imitate.
Mr. Caminetti's party relies entirely upon detraction of the
President. Senator Bailey opened the campaign with it in New
York, and Bourke Cockran has followed stiit in a speech filled with
insinuations against the President, and void of any discussion of
facts, principles and policies. That is an old game with Mr.
Cockran. He played it on Cleveland before his second nomination
and then confessed himself a traducer by supporting him., -In
1896 he took the stump against Bryan and denounced him. per
sonally. In 1900 he took the stump for Bryan and took it all
back and turned his batteries of abuse upon McKinley. This
personal issue is the only one so far apparent in the Democratic
campaign. When Mr. Caminetti abandons it, it is for a purpose.
He desires to make himself singular and invite Republican sup
port, which he will not get.
President Roosevelt has a long public career. He has been
in the focus of interest for years. Every legislative and adminis
trative trust he has held has been faultlessly discharged. He is
no tyro in the discharge of public duty. He has served his country
in peace and war. We all remember the enthusiasm that was felt
by men of all parties when he resigned as Assistant Secretary of
the Xavv to volunteer in the Spanish war and raise the regiment
of Rough Riders, accepting modestly a subordinate command and
sharing the hardships and vital risks of his comrades- in arms.
True, as he says now, "It was a little war, but it was all the war
there was,"' and he volunteered to fight for his country, while his
critics and detractors remained at home. Now that very, service
is used by hi* opponents and they seek to turn the term "Rough
Rider"' into a term of reproach.
But the President is not the first 'President who has had the
same kind of evil treatment. At the close of the Civil War, Grant,
recognizing the need of the hour, and overlooking the tempest of
passion that followed the tempest of war, said, "Let us have Peace."
Not long after some featherhead in New York started a paper
called "The Empire,*' advocating the conversion of the republic
into an imperial government. It had for its motto Grant's "Let
us have Peace. " and the Third Napoleon's saying, "L'Empire e'est
la Paix*' (the empire is peace). The Democracy made two cam
paigns against Grant on that. He was charged with being in
league with monarchists and plotting to destro\' the liberties of
the countrv.
MR. CAMIXETTI has at last accepted the task of opposing
Mr. Gillette for Congress in the First District. Mr. Gillette
is serving his first^ term. He entered Congress an ex
perienced legislator, through long service in the State legislature.
He was appointed to the Committee on the Judiciary, the great
law committee of the House, where his genius for work and his
ripe legal training were at once recognized, and he took first rank
on that committee, which is of the first class. He commended
himself to the workers of the House, by whom its actual business
is done, and it has not often occurred that a new member has
had such recognition and influence as he. On general principles,
a service so well begun should be confirmed and continued, as
his will be by the vote of his district. He. has deserved well of his
State and his immediate constituency, and will be rewarded.
No one knows why Mr. Caminetti first solicited the nomina
tion against him, then declined when nominated and now accepts
the place from the* State committee. He makes only one declara
tion and that is to the effect that in his campaign he will refrain
from personal attacks on the President. This indicates his inten
tion to hunt for Republican votes, by refraining from indecency. His
declaration is a rebuke to his party, but it will not secure Re
publican support. He is in fellowship with the men who rely on
slandering President Roosevelt to secure votes. Mr. Caminetti is,
no doubt, moved to this course by the experience of Mr. Lane, who
during his gubernatorial canvass avowed himself a "Roosevelt
Democrat/' and by praising the President took advantage of his
popularity to get Republican votes. The same trick in politics
will not work twice.
THE PERSONAL ISSUE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
johx i>. IpnicTiELs. _in:;r • • • • • rropricto -
A»DT!ESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO"" rir^«V»
-OHN MrNAtGHT. .....V.... ._„ _ •_— lllllll---- ta
rVBLICATION OFFICE TIUHD AND MAKKET KTKKETS. SAK FRANCISCO
SATURDAY : . ."7. .SEPTEM~BER~~17, 1 9 0*
HAIR NETS.
Hair "nets of heavy silk "ornamented
with beads and fringe are a probable
style.-
sees the awful danger of European
isolation. Can It be, to use the recent
words of a noted English political
writer, "events are making these days
in which we live one of the "[ decisive
periods in . the whole history of the
world-"
XOT THE SAME PERSONS.
No, Constant Reader, Helen of Troy
did not work in the Troy laundry-—
FIRST IN* THEIR HEARTS.
."What did George Washington do
for his country?" asked the teacher.
"He cave it an extra holiday."
promptly answered the boy at the foot
of the' class.- — Chicago News.
ONLY PLAYING.
"Jlmmie, Jimmie, don't you know
it's awful to say those swear words?"
j "I was dus' playin* I was papa
huntin for his collar button."— Detroit
! Free Press.
i — : — * * • — .
! Townsend's California Glace fruits to
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thm
¦ Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 330 C«*«
i ifornia street. Telephone Alaia 1042, *
Just Smiles
Perhaps the most curious story of
any vessel named for a sweetheart is
that pertaining to neither fishing
craft nor merchantman, but to a lit
tle skiff, familiar in the long ago wa
ters of Narragansett Bay. It was
owned by the good elder of a little
shore village, who for fifty years had
persistently courted a shy maiden of
the name of Rhoda Baker. So shy
was she that often when he called she
would not even see him. He would
find the sitting-room empty and the
chair from which she had fled at the
very moment of her "Come in!" yet
rocking by .the window.
At" length Rhoda died, still a spin
ster, and, her bereaved lover desired
to honor her memory by bestowing
her name upon his boat. But he en
countered a difficulty. Rhoda*s per
mission could not* be asked, and since
in life she had never accepted him, was
it fair or courteous to' her to dispense
with it? He solved this problem of
chivalry and avoided the least shadow
of presumption by naming the vessel
and painting - the name in- conspicu
ous black letters on the stern:. "Rhoda
Wouldn't."— Youth's Companion.
In one old New England seaport
there was, a few years ago, an aged
seaman whose favorite tune among
the many chanteys he was In the hab
it of humming as he went about the
domestic chores of his tiny, solitary
house,, was a scrap of refrain set to
a taking air — all he could remember
of a once popular sea song in -honor
of some fair unknown:
Hey. the charming Sally O!
Boston-bound who'd dally O?
Sally o'-the foam to my Sally safe at home —
And we'll *peed her home from Callao!
There is something singularly cap
tivating to the 'imagination in the
names of many of the old time sail
ing vessels, coastwise and ocean go
ing, which once spre'ad their white
wings so plentifully against the blue
skies and bright waters of the New
England harbors.
- Who can help,, at the mere sound
of such names as the Lively Jane, the
Lovely Peggy, the Laughing Lucy, the
Modest Ann, the Constant Mary, the
Three Fair Sisters, creating a mental
picture of the sailor's sweethearts so
honored, in all the flower and fresh
ness of their forgotten charms? Many
indeed are the'suggestionsfor the ro
mancer hidden away in the brief
compass of old shipping lists, preserv
ed here and there in faded and tat
tered newspapers. Sometimes, too,
one catches elsewhere an echo of their
name and fame. ¦
Elder Gives Boat
Curious Name of
"Rhoda Wouldn't"
Woman Bore, a Positive Affliction,
Should Remember Her Friends
Have Troubles of Their Own
IT is an easier matter than most women realize to become a thoroughgo
ing bore. A trifling fanaticism on eome subject lacking in general inter
est; a little inconsiderateness of others— and the foundation is laid.
The man who bores is a sore trial; but the woman who possesses such
characteristic Is a positive affliction. Doubtless there are few readers
who have not met such a woman* She will recite for hours at a strecth the
troubles— real and imaginary— which she experiences with her husband, chil
dren and servants. She will expound upon her own ailments and bore you
with the recital of pains and aches sufficient to fill a hospital ward.
She also usually complains of being a bundle of nerves, and yet takes a
keen delight In telling you the most sensational and harrowing news which
she has read, until she makes your flesh creep. And if you plead an engage
ment in order to escape her, she not only offers, but actually insists, in a
measure not to be denied, on accompanying you until she has exhausted her
fountain of talk. .
The grievances which such a woman has to tell you are inexhaustible. No
matter how earnestly she may work for the good of others, she is always
sure that no one appreciates" her efforts. The truth of the matter is that she
really does nothing at all without largely advertising the fact, and nobody
can appreciate self-praise. . ;
She talks of the failings of her husband, children and servants, totally
Ignoring her own faults, which, however, are very apparent to her friends.
She is not with you five minutes before she begins to tell you of the hours
which her husband spends at the club,- neglecting her night after night. No
wonder, you remark inwardly; the poor man tries to escape the affliction as
much as possible. If hi* wife bores him as much as she bores yo"u.
.Then there is the woman whose children treat her unfeelingly. She can
not mention them without enumerating all their petty faults and failings.
Her children torture her. and her servants wear her into shreds. In fact, to
judge from her tattles they seem to have been specially created by a spiteful
Providence to worry her into' an early grave.
But of all the women who bore their friends, perhaps the most to be de
spised—for. really she deserves nothing but contempt— is the woman who fan
cies that she is entitled to fill some mission in the world, and bemoans her
fate because she married a poor or. incapable man, who cannot help her to
realize her hopes and ambitions. Such a woman makes her own life miser
able," as well- as the lives of every, one connected with her. What action can
be more mean on the part of a woman than: that of giving vent to thoughts
which are a continual* reproach to her, husband, because she is not what she
thinks she ought to be? Pride Bhould keep a woman from talking in such a
manner, even though she might have dissatisfied thoughts.
The, woman who would avoid becoming a" bore must remember that her
personal affairs and petty domestic troubles are of no particular interest to
any. one, except" perhaps to spiteful neighbors, to whom they form food for
gossip. If you meet or.vlsit a friend, the natural question is, "How are you
getting on?", or; something to that effect. But there is no necessity to enter
into the most minute details of your troubles or to bemoan your fate. . which,
after all, Is but cowardly. ! Friends have quite enough trouble and worry with
their own affairs without having to listen to a long recital of what doea not
concern them. " "V •. - .
Every woman, of course. Is. not a good conversationist, nor does she possess
the happy knack of being able to entertain friends with-pleaslng talk. In that
case it is a good plan to talk as little as possible. A good listener Is always
appreciated, no'matter where he or she maybe. You cannot bore any one by
Jlstening, and are. bound to win the good opinion of the talker.— Philadelphia
North American. ' <
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BT SPECIAL, ARRANQEaiENT OF THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW TORK EVENING MATI*
! Another charge Is 'that w» want th«
I teachers in our power, that we may as
i sess them. During the four years of the
existence 'of the California State Fed
eration of Labor not one of our mem
«bers has ever been assessed a cent.
and never will be. In fact, some teach
ers have told me that the reason why
| they would organize is that they might
j escape assessments from the politi
¦ cians. who would prostitute our schools
! for private gain- The editor says we
j want the teachers for political pur
i poses. Quite the reverse is true. Many
j teachers are at the mercy of the pesti
j lential politician, and the instructors
' of our youth wish to organize to escape
J his nefarious practices. "•
• • F. C. WHEELER. .
' Organizer State Federation of Labor.
Editor The Call: An editorial In
the Chronicle September 15 discuss
ing the unionizing of teachers reminds
me of the schoolboy who wrote. "The
crab is a red fish that walks back
wards." The teacher replied, "Tour,
definition is good except that the crab
Is not red, is not a fish and does not
walk backward." So the said edito
rial deal3 not with facts, but with
fancy.
The first charge is a heinous one,
viz: That organizing school teachers
is a new idea. The editor of the
Chronicle is referred to Chijcago.
where a teachers' union has several
thousand members who are affiliated
With the Federated Trades and who
have received great benefits through
organization. New York City has a
teachers* union of 7000 members and
Is recognized as a bona fide trades
union. Coming nearer home, the
teachers of San Jose are unionized
and are affiliated with the State Fed_
eratlon of Labor. The teachers of
Santa Clara County also have a suc
cessful organization.
The second charge Is that teachers
should not be organized because they
have steady jobs and their compensa
tion and hours are regulated by law.
One of the largest unions in Boston Is
that of the municipal employes.
The thousands of men employed by
city, State and nation, are, as a rule,
union men. The letter carriers and
postal clerks are well organized, yet
their hours and wages are regulated by
law. Yes, this is true, but la a great
degree it was by their organizing that
those wages and hours were obtained.
If "teachers work for wages they mi*
wage earners, therefore eligible to a
union; and, further, that it Is their
duty to affiliate with the others who
helped to get the conditions they now
enjoy. The public schools of America
have no more loyal supporters than th«
trades unions.
NOBBY SHOES.
Palm green suede shoes embroidered
in steel and ornamented with either a
silver or steel buckle are much in de
mand. *
Teachers' Unions
A black taffeta gown with two bod-
Ices, one for daytime and one for even
ing, is said to be the most economical
gown that women of limited means can
secure.
AN' ECONOMICAL- GOWN'.
Lingerie hats, with their frill* of lae©,
are most becoming when long net or
mousseline scarf ends cross In the back.
and are brought forward so as to hang
down on each side, the ends being lace
frilled or trimmed with lace ruches.
LINGERIE HATS.
The conductor said "yes," and the
busy shopper took all he gave her. ac
cepting them with the evident satisfac
tion of a feminine trading stamp col
lector. — Providence Journal.
car?"
"Trading stamps? Trading stamps?
Why. madam — "
"Oh," she burst out, blushing deeply.
"I mean transfers. Do you give trans
fers on this line?"
She had several bundles In her arms
and one or two children on either sids
of her as she rode along In -a down
town car. When the conductor came
round for her fares she asked humbly:
"Do you give trading stamps on tbi»
FROM FORCE OF HABIT.
GIRLS, KEKP A TREASURE BOX.
Every girl should have a treasure
chest, even If it Is only a chintz-co-vered
window box. Therein she should stow
away all sorts of pretty things to be
used in the not impossible time when
she has a home of her own. To make
only for the present moment is like
living quite up to the limit of one's in
come, and distinctly. imprudent. Durln*
every year some dainty bit of work
"should be made especially to be laid
away for the future. Pretty undergar
ments, -elaborate towels, table embroid
' eries and such articles will gradually
accumulate under this system until a
most satisfying outfit is ready for th»
i happy occasion when it will be needed.
And the pleasure of adding to the stor»
will more than make up for the waiting
to use the contents of the treasure box.
—Philadelphia Inquirer.
BRYAN HEARS THE NEWS.
Wags and Wants
of
the Women
only, thirty-two per thousand. Another'
important factor is this: Japan is
fighting for freedom and toleration, for
civilization against despotism and rule
of, might.- For what are the Russians
fighting? TheiiTroad to the Far East
has led them through Siberia. Those
who -return will be received by the
country on whose system of govern
ment .the Konlgsberg trial threw a
fearful light. As far as the war itself
Unconcerned, the^Vosslsche Zeitung is
convinced : that even victory will not
bring any aflvantage to Russia so long
as there is fno change ; in this system.
Despotism * wlll f always * remain ¦'*, the
mother/of corruption , and corrupt Ru:
sia must remain "a ; colossus with feet
of ."clay." '
It Is' a simple statement to phrase
away; a true German friendship for
Russia; but In. this very wording-dwells
the ; terror of -the Czars. "» In' it the Slav
pride of the nation in its own military
precision ¦ has been' too 'outraged for
passive silence ' regarding the present
great 'struggle. The if olio wing extract
has anything ;but 'the' .earmarks of
friendly criticism: */;
GERMAN VIEW.
"The ;Vossl8che Zeltung reminds, its
readers that It is six .months since the*
Japanese ; made . their ¦¦) first ,' suc
cessful . attack : -'-, oh~ ¦ tbV - Russian
fleet at Port Arthur. After/ se
vere criticism '. *6f '. r Russian . unprepar
edhess in' her : army.; and of overrated
Russian diplomacy, -the journal at
tributes the success ot. the Japanese ' in
a' large . measure v to . their - : national
schools.' Japan has 45,000,000 inhabitants
to Russia's f 140,000,000, but in .Japan
ninety- two in" every [ thousand^ of the*
population „ are .attending '"¦ the public
schools. ' In Russia the' proportion is
8TO SAIL
Sun, Moon : and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
% PRODUCE •' CASE ARGUED.— The milt !
brought > by , a number ; of " wholesale '¦; produce j
men toi restrain the Board of Harbor Commls-.'
eloners from: re.voKln*r. their licenses to soli on |
tb» State -: wharves • because of their refusal
to : abandon ; the. agreement '. eovernlnc; > the I sale ! ¦
for potatoes ; and - ontona -was - arsued *• before J
Judye - Slosi ¦; yesterday I and mibmitted for de- '
CUlon. "¦•.' - ¦ - > •.- ¦ '.*;¦*•:« ' .' ¦"¦^,V-. n '
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wae dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i. e.,~ at. noon of the 120th meridian,- or at
S p. m. Greenwich time:. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant, U. S. N.,ln Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgrraphic Office, • TJ. B. . N.; Mer
. chants* < Exchans;e, - Ean Francisco. • Cal
September 1«, 1904.. ' '
SANTA' ROSAi, Sept. 16. — Harry
Roberts, alias Hart, was bound over
to the Superior Court this '.afternoon
on "two charges ; of felony -by Justice
of the Peace A.J.Atchlson. The man
recently victimized Thonias . Fleming
of Guerneyille vout of $ 1 75 v by means
of two '; forged bank . drafts. • , The pris
one had stolen about' sixty blank
bank drafts', on 'the Bank of Woodland
from that; flnaricial. institution. : Each
of . these ' was • signed by the : cashier,' J.
S. Craig,', and |,when the prisoner, want
ed.moneyhe filled' out the blanks and
floated the paper. -., ...¦;-'•
Passed AVorthless Paper.
Th# French burk *»^n»ra! de Neitrler, which
rrmri* port on Wednesday, vu chartered prior
Steamer. Destination.. Sails.
— \ _J > * ¦ - -
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Port*. Sept 18
Dolphin...... Skagwny A Way Ports Sjpt. 20
Olympla :...;: Nome 4; N. E. Siberia. Sept. 20
City Seattle. . Skagway * Way Ports. 8ept. 21
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Garonne...... Nome ......... .. .;;-... Sept. 24
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 27
FROM SEATTLE,
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ing and developing at lowest prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
, . • . « m ¦
SHOEMAKER TOMPI MISSING.— Mrs. Vir
ginia Rossi of 433 Ful ton street called at the
Coroner's office yesterday and reported that
'John Tompl, a roomer In her house,* had been
raiising since the preceding day. He Is a shoe
maker, 65 years old, about six feet tall and
very thin. .
SANTA ROSA. 'Sept. 16.— W. T.
Murchie, wanted at Gilroy on a
charge of petty larceny, is under ar
rest at Cloverdale, charged with hav
ing beaten a board bill. While in
Cloverdale the man was known as
"the Duke." He claims to be heir to
a vast estate . in the East and avers
that he will' come into possession of
a large fortune next January.
"The Duke" Is In Jail.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
«te»mers. etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trlp> 33 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor St., 650 Market
st., Oakland Ferry Depot. -Phone Exchange 46"
Notice to Passengers.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
- September 17.
Lukme Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Homer " ( Humboldt '... 2 pm Pier 8
M. DolUr... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Argo Eel Rlv<y Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier '2
Umatllla f Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Barracouta. j N. Y. via. Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. . . .j Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
I September 18. ,
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 19.
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.. 5 pm Pier 14
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 3
G. W. Elder Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanle Seattle £ Tacoma. .5 pm Pier 20
September 20.
Oregonlan.. New York.... Pier 23
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 . m Pier 13
'Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Bonita...... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
September 21.
Arctic. ..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
September 22.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pomo ".-. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State ofCal. I San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier' 8 I
Queen P»Jget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September 24. . I
Coos Bay... San Pedro 4- Way. 9 am|Pler 11
Chlco. ...... Coqullle River ..*. 10 amlPler 2
Aurella Astoria A Portland! 5 pm Pier 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru. N. Y. via Ancon. ..112 m Pier 40
' September 27.. I • •
CityPuebla. Puget Sound Ports.lll am Pier 9
September 28. I -I
North Fork. Humboldt ; | 6 pm|Pler 20
ARRIVED.
Friday. September 16.
U S stmr Albatross. Sv.ift. from cruise.
C S ctmr Sherman. BrugTiiere, 31 days from
Mariia. via Nagasaki 'Si days, via Honolulu
7 days 15 hours 15 min.
V! S stmr Boston, Hubbard, from cruise out
side heads. '.
Ktmr F A Kilburn. Thompson, i hours from
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 14 hours from
Monterey.
Stmr Samoa. Paulsen, 40 hours from San
Stmr Alcazar. Winkel, 15 hours from Green
wood. .
Stmr Peru Mackinnon. 23 days 12 hours fm
Aneon. via San Bias 7 days 17 hour*.
Stmr Chchalis. Johor.ss'on. CO hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put In for pas
sengers. • .
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put in to land
passenger*. -,;,".
Ship Centennlat. Stannard. IS days from
Cooks Inlet.
Bark Sea Witch, MacLachlan. 2S days from
Nushagak.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Sparr, 32 days from
Ugasnik. a .
Schr Challenger. Anderson. 6 days from
Roche Harbor via Washington Harbor 5 days.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 16. \
Etmr Kanta Rota, Alexander. "San Diego and
way ports: Pac Coast S S Co.
Schr Defender. HeUingsen, Mahukona; Hind,
Rolph & Co. *"tV";'
SAILED.
' Friday. September 16.
V S stm r Albatrcws. Swift, cruise.
Stror F A Kilburn. Thompson. Port Rogers.
Stmr Mackinaw, Htorrs. Tacoma,
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. Eureka. -
Stmr Iau.ua. Jorgcnson, Eureka.
Stmr Olympic. Uensen. Bellingham. ¦; ;'¦••
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen. Grays Harbor,
titmr Santa Monica. Olsen. ' San Pedro.
' Etmr Premiss, Ahli«trom, Black Point.
Ge r etnir Hathor, Kopp. Hamburg and way
ports.
Fr hark Bayard. Lechvlen. Queenstown.
Bktn Quickstep. Johnson. Port Hadlock.
Schr Beffile K. Stark. San Vicente Landing.
V TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IX>BOS— Sept 10. 10 p ro— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. •
'Per U S stmr Sherman — 5?<*j>t 14. 3 p m.
lat 33 30 N. Ions 135 37 W. Br ship Mayfleld.
from nitrate ports for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC, PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Sept iS — Stmr Jefffrson,
for Skagway.
Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Centennial. hence
Sept 12: «tmr Valencia, from Skagway.
FORT. BRAGG-^-rArrlved Sept 16 — Stmr
Brunswick, hence Sept 15.
Sailed Sept 16 — Stmr National City, for San
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 16, 3 p m—
Etmr Asuncion, for Ean Francisco; 6 p m— '
Stror Bonita, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Sept 14. . ' . .
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Pasadena,
for San Pedro. Sept 16 — Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco: stmr Noyo. for San Francisco..
Arrived Sept 1C — Stmr Coqullle River, hence
Eept 14*.atmr Eureka, hence Sept 15; etmr
North Fork, hence Sept 15. •
Sailed Sept Its— Stntrs Pomona and Phoenix,
for San Francisco. '
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr j
State of California, for San Diego. j
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10-^Stmr Ban:
Gabriel, from Umpqua.
Sailed Eept 16— Stmr Centralia, for Ban
Francisco. '•'•<-'.
BAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr Alca
traz. from San Francisco; itmr Daniel. Man
ninsr. hence Sept 14.. • .' . .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 16 — Schr
Albert Myers, from Baa Pedro; schr Cha« R
Wilton, hence Aug 31. gjjWBBK
Salted Augr 10 — Schr Marlon, for San Fran
cisco.
BAN DON— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Sept IS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Sept 16— Schr Marlon,
for San Franciaco.
EASTERN PORT. •
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed ¦ Sept IS — Stmr
Minnesota, for San Francisco via Norfolk.- Va.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHL'LTJI— Sailed Sept 14— Bktn Hawaii,
for Killii-iioo.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 15 — Br • «tmr
Gaelic, from China and Japan for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Sept 16 — Br Btmr Gaelic, for San
Francisco.
HILO— Palled Sept 16— Ship T B Starbuck,
for San Francisco. " ' v. •.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. HULL— Sailed ,Sept 14— Br ship Sprlngburn,.
for San Francisco. . .' . . .
COLON— Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr Yucatan, fm
New York.
Sailed Sept 14 — Stmr Advance, for New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept- 16— Br ship
Travaneore. hence April 4. . ¦
HAMBURG— In port Sept 5— Br ship P*.
Kafuf. for Honolulu. 8fciSas$£?sfJ!*M| -
HOTTEPOAM— Sailed Sept 13— Ger ship Na-
Jade. for New York.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Sept 14— B r itnr Stan
ley Dollar, for Yokohama.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr China,
for San Francisco.
FREMANTLE— Arrived prior to Sept 16—
Nor stmr Tcrje Vlk«n, from Port Ludlow.
OCEAN STEAMERS. - .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr
Campania, from New York.'
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr 'Lai
Lorraine, from Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived S«pt 16— Stm r Bal
tic from New. York; stmr . Carpathia from
New York. ¦ '
Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Celtic, for New York
HAMBURG— Arrived .Sept 16— Stmr Moltke
from New York.
• ST MICHAELS— Arrived Sept lft— Stmr Ho-'
henzollern. from New .York for Naples ¦ and
Genoa. • - ' . • , -:
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Sept 16 Stmr
Bremen, from New York for Bremen, and pro
ceeded. '. ,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
' • ¦ ~r. Foley of the Slate naval battleship
?¦•:-¦¦. »ho came down from Mare Island
j*«terday. reports that the vcrcel will noon
E«» en ;he rtrj'dock and will be thoroughly
overhauled, cleaned and p«int»d for etrvic*
In thi* harbor.
Oa the bark K^a AVitch, which arrived yes
terday from Mushagah, Alfred Montevideo, a
¦ "i -r'-.c.:.. !¦< ,:¦ i inrane and \\6S confined
c .¦ i:,x the entire passace.
The first patxenirer car of the Peta'uma. and
s .-* Ros*. Klectric Kallroad. named the
" ti'-ny I'sint." wa*< hauled 1 to the Tiburpn
frritrht ferrj- *lip yerterday.
Kr*dPHfk ncrtn«!tt, nusrine porter of the
• "hronicle. a{/j;ear»:d on tht watfr front ye^
t»rday a trifle later than usual. A new arrival
•t bis home I* Berkeley was the cause. The
• mail craft reglxttrr nine pounds displacement
• H'4 her falher nays s&e is the only girl In
lh< «>»rld. (
The »!iii» Centennial arrivfc yesterday with
4r,,.*^5 camcc FJtlmcn: tl» C?a »Vitch. with
1£.U43 . .'>. and th« N^choiac ilayer with
t:<-n ra»«*.
An addition to the'overdue ftet* Is the >hip
Henukise. fcrty-two flays from Bluff to Mel
l».urr», »i«h 1O per cent reinj^irance.
~ — •
Water 1'roxit Notep.
Th» Ffcip Henrr C Hyd«\ owned In this
ritr. *hic!j went ashore on Dam Neck, ten
n:lK-s *vuth or Norfolk, Va.. February 11,
hft* N>*n floated. Fhe «ai being towed from
New York lo Caltlmcre. wht-n. breaking away
frctn the tug during a heavy Kale, the drift
ed a»!ior*>. The crew wa* taken off and the
•»..-<¦• ahandnnM. The hulk was sold to a
JCorf'rfk Wrecking company, which has *uc
c-eeded tr. itettini: it cfT the bearh. There is
k ault |>"n<l!ns in which the California Phip
; .' :. Ooniiwny, the fi>rm*r own«T of the Hyde.
*ur» the tu« company for the lose of the
verecl «urtnjr the tow.
VVrtfk <>f «l>e Hyde.
Arri\nl of the Peru.
The Pacific Kail rteamer Peru arrived yes
terdav morning from Panama and southern
port* with thirtj -seven pessengtrg and 7t>5
t'>rs of ranro. The trip was uneventful. The
rflOoirtof are her cabin paescngere: General
<J Escalds. IQaa Minnie Homdon. T. H. Har
tot « har!et r>T.tcn. Ufa Rose Mcea. S. Jchn-
M M Palonia Toma« Palcma. Hector Pa
].<rr». I^mmco Proum. Mr*. M. Funan. Mrs.
May Johnson. Mr.«. K-Ji? d- Piurd»z. H. P.
EbertertiX, Mm; Minnie Eherhardt. Mr*. Fran
. i - Va:> Elyfcc Adult Stoll. D. E. Willard,
Jam* B. tfm'th.
General Ercalon \r a brother of the Prcsi-
CfT.t of Salvador and is here on a vacation.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 16. — The un
precedented'flood in the Rio Grande
has inundated the lower part of the
towns of Brownsville, Hidalgo, Roma,
Rio Grande City, Carrizo, Eagle Pass
and many smaller places. Scores of
houses have been swept away and
hundreds of people are homeless and
are being huddled together on the
banks of the river without food or
shelter. The property losses at
Brownsville are said to* be heavy, al
though no direct communication has
been had with that place for two days
on account of the telegraph line be
ing washed away.
Brownsville has a population of
about 10,000 people. Three-fourths of
the houses of the place are said to be
owned by James Stillman, president
of the National City Bank of New
York. His loss will be heavy. No re
ports of loss of lives have been re
ceived.
Scores of" Houses Swept Away and
Hundreds of People Rendered
Homeless and Hungry-
TEXAS TOWNS INUNDATED
BY UNPRECEDENTED FLOOD
(120;h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 10—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day. from
Eastern cities:
Clncinnath f.8-46;New Orleans 86-72
Boston CJ-4SJ Philadelphia GS-54
Jacksonville 92-74! Washington -46
St. Louis <!S-54 New York t>6-52
Chicago (iS-52 Plttsburg 64-48
THE COAST RECORD.
' - oS iji""
STATIONS. Z 2 3 S3 a§ ?* £
i r ;? :• ! ;
Baker 29. 8S SO 42 XW Clear Too
Csrscn 29.91 SO r.0 W Cloudy .01
Eureka .."0.02 56 W> XV Cloudy .00
Fresco 2ft. S2 9« 58 W Clear .00
S.E. Faralion.30.01 CO 5rt SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.00 70 44 NXV Cloudy .20
Pocatello 20.84 S4 52 W Clear .00
Independence .20.92 82 Ii8 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles. .29.««t 7S 64 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.00 71 «4 XW Clear .00
North Head... .'{0.04 56 4S NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 2U.S2 08 72 NW Cloudy .00
Pt Reyes Lt. .29.97 59 5« N Cloudy .00
Portland 29.92 78 K! SW Cloudy .00
Red BKiff 29. S« 94 70 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Rosebur? 2f».»4 "N 4i> W Cloudy .CO
Sacramento ..29.90 78 .18 S. Clear .00
Halt Lake 29. 8S Ki 1W SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pan Franci«-co.::o.02 60 M W Cloudy .00
San L. Obi?po.5o.00 72 5.S W Pt.Cldy .€0
San Diego 29. 9« 72 «S NW Clear .00
Seattle 2».0S 78 48 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.7fi S4 4<» SW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.02 58 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 2ft. 78 S10 54 W Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.92 84 4i5 S Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.80 102 74 SW Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails along the
coast and over the plateau region, ¦ and -fair
weather elsewhere west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Thundersicrms and rain continue In
Northern Arizona and light showers In the
Sierras. .
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Eastern
Washington and the Rocky Mountain region
and remained nearly stationary in other dis
tricts.
The temperature has risen over Eastern
Washington and Idaho: In other districts the
changes have been slight. *
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 17:
Northern California — Partly cloudy In Inte
rior, cloudy and fogry along the coast Satur
day: fresh west wind. ¦ •
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy or foggy
Saturday: fresh v;est wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and \-iclnlty — Partly cloudy Sat
urday.
Fresno and vicinity — Partly Cloudy Saturday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.
Steamer. j From. I Due.
W. Kruger...: Humboldt Sept. 17
Northland....! Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 17
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports Sept. 17
Lakme | San" Pedro Sept. 17
Bonita j Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 17
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 17
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. IS
Arctic iHumboldt Sept. IS
Arcata..... ..1 Coos Bay & Pt Orford Sept. 18
Centralia San Pedro Sept. 18
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. IS
Eureka. Humboldt Sept. 18
Edith . . . ." • Tacoma Sept. 19
Elizabeth... .. Coqullle River Sept. 19
San Pedro San Pedro Sept. 19
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 19
State or Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 18
Corona Humboldt Sept. 25
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay k Sept. 20
Nicarla Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 20
North Fork... HumbcMt Sept. 20
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 20
Argo Eel R!v*r Ports ... Sept. 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. Sept. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts Sept. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 21
San Juan New York via Ancon. Sept, 22
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt Arena Sept. 22
Santa llosa..*. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 22
Redondo Portland & Way Ports Sept. 23
Gaelic China & Japan,.. Sept. 23
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 23
City Pucbla... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 23
Nevadan.. ... Honolulu & Kahulul.. Sept. 25
G. W.Elder... Portland & Astoria. .. .|Sept. 26
Rainier Seattle & Belllnsrham.iSept. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports |Sept. 27
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
WEATHER REPORT.
SHIP HENRY B. HYDE. WHICH
WEST ASHORE NEAR NOR
. FOLK AND HAS BEEN FLOATED.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Ean Francisco
Bay.- Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the eame at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 17.
Sun rises 5:52
Sun sets 6:16
Moon fetB 0:0O a. m.
O lTime| ITlme Time Time
g | Ft. | Ft. Ft.
» • |H W| IL. W H W L. W
17 "o:43 "Till :3C ¦ 3.1 5:40i 4.8
L. w H XV •• .- L W ; . H XV
IS 0:41 0.4 7:4S 4.4 12:49 3.1 6:48 4.8
19 1:40 ' 0.3 S:42 4.« 1:50 2.91 7:51 4.8
"0 2:28 0.3 P:27 4.8 2:42 2.61 8:47 4.8
21 3:07i 0.4!l0:0C| 4.0 3,:27| 2.3| »:35 4.9
*~NOTE — In the above exposition of (he tides
the early morning tides* are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the ord«r of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when thert> are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are - in
addition to the soundings cf the United States
Coast Surves' Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
plven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the' mean
of the 'lower low waters.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The German steamer Hathor of the Koen-.os
line sailed yesterday for Hamburfc and way
ports with a general merchandise cargo laden
at this port and consigned principally to ports
aloni? the west coast of Central and South
America. The cargo, which also included sev
eral large shipments to European countries,
was valued at $!)0,l€5, to be distributee! as
follows: For Mexico. £8332; Central America,
$14.7><»>: Panama, *!I,588: Colombia, *HMS;
Ecuador. $l«.2oft; Peru. S7263: Chile, 5777N;
Germany, $i:i.Mi4: Holland, $56"li; England,
$317: Denmark. $3it!. The following were the
principal exports;
To Mexico — 4",190 lbs malt, .".COO lbs rice.
132 pk£s j>otato<»F, 15 pkgs onions. 20 cr mln
tral r.ater. oO cs whi?ky, 4 cs liq'iorn, 27 ca
canned good*. 6 pkgs dried fruit. h71 lbs ham
and bacon, S pkgs, groceries and provisions,
16,307 feet lumber. 10<X» kegs blasting powder,
450 O* dynamite, 30 cs blasting: fuse, IJ140 lbs
carbldo. 27 bar* iron, 3 bdls steel. 30 pkgs
building material, t!0 bdls boil?r tutoes. 3 cs
hats. .'. c!> boots and shoes. 2 pkgs machinery-
To Central America— 754 bbls flour. 2000 lbs
rice, 27 c* rannrd eoods. 14 pkgs potatoes and
onion?. 17 pkts groceries ar.d provisions, 52
Eals wine, o2,3.*>6 feet lumber, .">** pkfrs build
ing material, 72 bdls tubes, 1C0 cs dynamite.
100 cs powder. 8 cs blasting caps and fuse,
IOCS Ibf cyanide, «70 lbs zinc. 4 cs coal oil.
7420 'bs taliow, 1177 gals gasoline, 5') pkgs
paints and oils, 2i!7 pes 22 bdls iron, 09 pkgs
machinery. 20 cs tar. 2:{ pes pipe.
To Panama — 1151 bbls flour. 20,000 lbs sugar,
123 grals wine. 25 cs canned goods, 30 os
ealmon. IS pkgs table preparations. 42 coils
rope, 10 rolls leather, 37 bales o\eralle. 100
colls barbed wire. 18,000 feet lumber. 100 bxs
eoap. 3 1C0 gale gasoline, 44 bdls shooks.
To Colombia — 174 bbls flour, 3D2.T lb» sugar.
14::.% gals 19 cs wine. 10 pkg paste, 1315 lbs
candy. 17 pkgs procerits and provisions, 40
cs canned goods, 30 cs Ealmon, 20 crts pota
toes, 3201 lbs lard, 4S00 lbs rice, 407 lbs ppices.
9CW) feet lumber. 102 bx soap, 40 es gun
powder.
To Ecuador — 2161 bbls flour, 334 cs canned
salmon 20'J cs arsorted canned goods, 1434
gals wine. O40 lbs lard. 900 lbs tea, 1« pkgb
groceries and provisions. CK9 lbs ham, 1640 lbs
epiceif. 20 crts potftoes, 30,000 feet lumber,
594 bills shooks, 122 pkgs rope. 40 bdls bags,
32 bdls brooms.
To Peru — 75 bbls flour. 96,630 lbs malt, 205
c* a?sotted canned goods, t>2 cs canned salmon,
1316 lbs dried fruit. 40 cs whisky, 600 lbs
hams 16 pkgs table preparations, 400 lb* 6
c* codfish, 1944 lbe grease. 42S5 lbs tallow,
10,777 Ib» dried fish, 1S9 bdls shooks, 10 cs
paints. .
To Chile— 5000 lbs rice. 6120 lbs lard. 23 cs
car.nni salmon. 156 cs canned fruit. COO lbs
dried fruit. 17.0S1 lbs tallow, 32.335 feet lum
ber lll.Ol'O lbs Ipad. 14 bdls rope.
To Germany— 2161 cs canned fruit, 256 gals
wine 1":S<$ gals brandy. 40.137 lbs old metal.
To Holland— 1150 cs canned fruit, ISO bags
aj>ricot kernels.
To England— 50 ca wine. 1144 feet lumber.
To Denmark — 113 ce assorted canned goods.
Kxports l>3- the Kosmos Liner.
to arrival for wheat and barley to Europe at
21s 3d <ls 3d less direct).
The British ship Peleus is chartered for
Ceceral cargo from this port to Liverpool.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Early effort
to support prices of . stocks to-day
seemed to prove futile and there wa«
a time when the market seemed to be
abandoned to the liquidators. But the
selling diminished largely at the lower
level and encouraged the friends of
higher prices to renew their supporting
tactics. The news did not offer a clear
explanation of these varying opera
tions. The grangers and Pacifies were
under heavy pressure during the first
half of the session in spite of the reac
tionary movement of grains. Tna
weather reports from the grain regions
were of higher temperature and failed
to bear out last night's forecast of tne
development of another cold wave In
the Northwest . The market sank to a
lower level with Pennsylvania the sole
reliance for support " ? of prices. That
stock ultimately gave way with the
rest of the market. It was at a dis
advantage with reports in circulation
of a contemplated strike on the part
of some trainmen on the Western .lines
of the system. The extension of the
strike among employes of the United
States Steel • Corporation in the Ma
honing Valley bore on these stocks and
forced them a point under last night
with sentimental effect on the whole
list. ( The steel stocks, however, re
sumed the leadership of the recovery
in the market later, sharing with Read
ing in that respect. The market was
much'quieter than yesterday or during
the week and lacked the vigor which
has been a recent feature. Colorado
Fuel made another dip and was an in
fluence on the early depression. Amal
gamated Copper rose in face of the
general declining tendency without
other explanation than a sharp rise in
the price of copper in London. Gross
earnings for the first week in Septem
ber made a favorable comparison with
the corresponding week last year, the
ratio of increase for roads thus far
reporting reaching 4.18 per cent. The
rising rate for money seemed to dis
turb speculative sentiment for a time,
but its influence decreased during the
day. The currency movement up to
Thursday night shows a loss in cash
by the banks of upward of $6,000,000,
the loss to the sub-treasury alone ac
counting for $5,182,000. The liquidation
in the stock market during the week
is expected to affect the loan item or
the banks, but the usual uncertainty
prevails regarding the complexion of
that item in to-morrow's bank state
ment. The noted strength developed
in United States Steel preferred and
Reading induced a substantial recovery
in the whole market. The closing was
Irregular, but above last night's level.
Bonds were irregular. .Total sales,
$3,475,000.
United States old 4s advanced % per
cent on call.
Extension of Strike Affects
the United States Steel
Corporation Securities
PENNSYLVANIA FALLS
The United States army transport
Sherman came into port yesterday
morninp. SI days from Manila, 23 days
from Nagasaki and 7 days 15 hours
from Honolulu. She brought 164 cabin
jiaFf-ergers, 7 hospital corps men, 126
enlisted and short-term men, 36 general
prisoners. S3 marines and navy men,
ST skk (including 4 insane), '49 dis»
charpod soldiers and 41 ex-employes,
deported men and servants, making a
total of 4?3 passengers on board.
Th* day before the transport's ar
rivhl at Nagasaki she ran into a violent
typhoon that swept the full length of
th* Japanese coast. The big vessel
<!!d not try to buck the gale, but lay to
v bile the wind howled in fury over her
(or about ten hours. i
Among the sick officers on the Sher- !
ir.an*3 passenger list, en route to the '
<;» r.r ra! Hospital, are Colonel Charles
assistant s^urseon general; Col
t eel J. B- Kerr of the general staff;
It. T. Metcalf, assistant surgeon; Lieu- '
i< ::art O. N. Kimball, Twelfth Cav- i
;¦: . y: l,k-ut*nant C X. Feamsters, i
y- atth Infantry, and Lieutenant James
i .¦¦: .«ay. Philippine Scouts.
• 'aptain G. P. Ahern. Nintli Infantry,
[i the <"hief of Forestry of the Philip
pine Islands. He was detailed for that
doty four years ago and haft eystemat
i< ally organized the service for th£
preservation of the forests of the is
.ands. Inspectors and rangers have
perfect control and almost $500,000 was
5-aid into the treasury from permits for
< lilting wood in the island forests. This
year the Government will give the
N<Brd of forestry 5150.000 for use in the
!-ei vice-
September 7. the day before the Sher
man reaclvd Honolulu, Veterinary Sur
peoa W. H. Payne died on board from
beri-berl. His br>dy was embalmed and
brought to the United States.
A number of Filipino student* sent to
ihJj country by the Government were
inning the passengers. They will go
t<> Los Angeles, where they will enter
school for the winter. Bishop Res
tarick is on his way to attend the Epis
copal Triennial Convention in Boston.
The following is a list of the cabin
passengers:
• •aj.taln G. P. Ah^rn. Colonel G. Le Itoy
Brawn, wife, daughter and tfcr*e *ons Fur
fcocr.s U. P. Bell sr.d F. P. Baak. E. Brush,
.'. liMut-r, Ijcut^nant James Conuay, F. A.
«'orbu*ler. Mrs. \V. P. Oorbuyier and infant.
Mr*. W. H. Clark. Kurgron W. H. Dad«. E.
P. l>cll and wife. Major F. F. Eastman, wife.
tm-o dauFhter* and eon. Dr. John Erust. Cap
tain R. J. Fanning. LJfJtenant C. N. Feam
«er. burgeon A. M. Ouittard, Mrs. W. H.
Gordon and rhtld. E. P. Groves. Captain R.
L.. Hlret. C"clon*l y. ||. Harrirgtcn, Captain
N. H. Iial|. fcuryeon >!. J. Hansen. Mr?. C
A. V. Hatfield and dauchter. D?an Hall. Kin
Hau**ermaTin. J. i». Ir\ine, Colonel J. B. Kerr
end wife, C«j,tatn K". V. Kriig. Ueutenant
G. X. K-.i ».-¦;:. &Ii*e K. Kercheval, Sunfeon
' '. E. L»uiJrrc5ai<". Captain E. R. I-o» nde«.
:.¦¦••.••• F. B. Ijn<h, Captain R. E. L..
Mirhie. Sutx^on R. F. Metcalf. I.ietjtennnt
J. \V. Mocre and wife, Furgeon G. L.. Mason,
wife and two i^ons. LJeutrnaiu G. H. Mather,
Mr». Martin. C. l-i. Merriam. Mr». E. R.
M'«her. < - ol«n«-l It. C. Pearann and wife. L'eu
ttrant Peter Peterson. Mrs. G. R. Preston
and infant. Rue Preston. M. R. Qulrke. Major
-' P. Roc<*rs. A!>n Reichart, Mr*. J. Rejran,
Miss R. <i. Rhodes. 1 :..-".. .-;. II. B. B. Rest
• rirk. fnn and daughter. Colonel Charles
IJ'utenant IJobert Smart and wife,
captain W. B. 8ra!e»i. Miss Stanley. Mrs.
Ftean»t:berK and Infant .Mr*. C. R. Street
I>r. E. Htorrer. G. M. Fwindell. wife and fn
fant r. P. 1 horntcn. P. H. Tyler and wife,
Mr*. H. I). Terrell. F. von Srhrader Jr., W.
P. von Hartur.^. Mrs. G. A. Vogelsang an<l
infant. F. F. Wine.. Mi.«s A. B. Walsh. M.
I» Wrigfct. George B. Andru*. T. E. Adam?.
G H. Auntin. E. AlexanJer ar.d wife. Pastor
Avi^ado ilirr Honoria Acosta. Mrs. M. G.
P.rown and infant, flick Bourke. Jc?e Ban
tuti» V. P. Barnei: and wife. H. C. Cor
r.eii Felix Cajli*. Mm. C. H. Durfee and in
*ant. Grcrce E'.li*. Mrs. L. M. Funderbery,
H. H. Graves, wife and child. Cha-le* Hude
n-.an. A L.. Hustcad. Juan Hilarlo. Leon In»r.
C. D. Johnson. H. A. Jones. A. Jones. Miss
Eva Jonr.»on. Mrs. C. K. Johnson and two
children M. M. Klein. Mr*. J. Knight. W.
J. Kin*. Mr*. P. Lucas and Infant, C. V.
tjmim Trnia* Lorenzo. \V5!'.ian» E. Minchin,
Mr* J. P. Maeasrnfw. P.ufus Martinez, Am
hmsif. Mtssavsay. WlSliara McConley. M. L
ilc'ulloarh N A Noahr. Mr*. Rizer. L.. F.
Ryrr. Eir.1l' R»ichar<1t. Etnll H. Steincr. Mrs.
p,'^^,- y. yi. t^trlpp. Jacob Fimpson. Mrs.
>i II ' *=m:ih C F. Samuelpon. R. B. Sin
« ;air. 'Mif* Louisa M. f?ison. James M. Trut?.
.TuliuV Thulln FrcflTlco Cnson. Theodore A.
Mr?, and Mr. Weil and three chil
dren. W. H. War*.
Efforts to Support Prove
Futile and Liquidators
Control New York Market
Wrecked Ship Henry
B. Hyde Towed
Off Shore.
STOCK PRICES
REMAIN LOW
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT SHERMAN COMES
IN FROM PHILIPPINES, NAGASAKI AND HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
9
y^~ti^\_ Trains leare and are da*
/^Xf<TTr>jT\k to »rrt ¦»• at
(£LwS&i\ SAN FRANCISCO.
\> »-^ ' (Toot of Market Street.)
_i.«a^« - MAIN LINE. -A«rm
/•00a Vaearliie. Wtatara. Rumaey ........ 760(»
7.00a Benlela, Elmlra aad 8»cramento.. 7.Z0f
740AV»lleJa Nspa. Callstoga. SaaU
Rot*. Martlaez. San Ramon I-20p
7^0a Nties. Tracy. Lathrop. Stociton . ... 720t»
• 00a Shasta Express— (Via Daris).
Wfliiams (for Dartlett Springs).
WUiows. trruto. Ked BloS.
. - Portland. Taeoma, Seattle 7S0«»
••Ma Daria. Woodland. Knight* Landing.
M«ry • \r I!le. Chi co. Or of 111 e 7-50*
•40a Port Cost*, Martinez. Antioch,
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. A'cw-
man, Los Banos. Mendota,
Armoaa. .Hanford. Vltalla,
Porterrnie 4.W*
8^0a Port Coata. Modesto. Me reed.
Tresno. Oot&eo Junction, H»a-
ford. Vlialta. BakertSeld 4.SO
8 30a Nllea. San Jote. Urermore. Stock*
ton, (tMllton). loan, SacmmenM.
Marysvllle. Chleo. Red BlaS .... 4.20»
8.30a Oatcdale. Chlaete. Jamenown. 8o
nora. Taolanae aad Aagels 4-20^
IOOa AUantlcExpret*— Ogden aad Ka»i. 520i*
930a Elehrooad. Martinez and Way
8taUona ....„ I.BOp
\ 000a The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
• y .. Omaha. Chicaso, DeaTer, Kansas
City. St. Loula 820*
10.00* ValleJ© 12-20*
10.00a Lo* Angeles PaMenger — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lsthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosheo Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lenioore. VUalla,
Bakertfleid. Lot Angeles 7.20»
I 2.00m Hayward. NHe* and W«t Stations. 3. 20c
tiJSOP Sacramento RiTer Steamers — tl 100?
3 .30 p Bentda, TTtnters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willows. Kalgnta
Landing. MvyiTl'le, Ororllle
and way stations 10 50a
S-SOp Hayward, NTlet and Way Station*.. 7 50f»
4 COp Mart!aer,S»n Ramon. Vallejo.Napa, '
C»ll«to«*. Saata Rona 9 20*
4 OOP Nile*. TracT. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4 -30p Hayward. TXtlt*. Irrington. San) t8.50A
Jote. LlTennore ,....» t1l.50A
p-OOpTdo Owl iaimlted— N'ewman. Loe
Banot. Mendota, Fresno. Tnlara,
BakersQeld. Lot Aagelet. ....... 8.50a
- tSJO» Hayward. Nile* «n<l baa Jose 7.23a
f 4>0p Uayward. Nile* and San Joae. 9 oO*
S-OOp Eastern Eipreii— Opdeu. Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kaasa* City,
8t. Louli. Tla Maniaez. Stocktoa.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12.50P
• .OOP Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Kn _
74J0pV»lleJo, Sunday only f ' 60P
74>0Pl{K-hmond, baa Pablo. Port Costa,
MarUnes and Way Station* 1120*
/.OBPReno Pansecger— Port Cost*. But-
*nn. Elmlra. Carl*. SatB'aniento.
Troekee. Lake Tahoe. Reno,
Tonopah. Sparka 7-S0a
• 05PPort Cost*, Martlnei. Byron.
Tracy. Lathros. Modeito.
Merced, Berenda, ?rcsno and
¦ Way Stations beyond Por* Cotta 12-20P
6-05P Totemtte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona 850*
B4J5P Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
• 0&p Oregon * California Kxpret*— Sao- ¦ ' -
rameato. Marynrllle, Reddlog,
Portland. Puget Soand and Eul. 8-SOa
8-IOp Hayward. Nile* and San Jose (Son-
. dayonly) 11.50a
COAST LI N E (larrow «iang«).
(Toot of Murket Street.)
745a Santa CruzExcuralontSunday only) 8-10p
8.15a Newark. Centerrlile. San Jote,
Felton. Boalder Creek. B! n BhaIh.
. Santa Crua and W»y Station*... 5 55»
Tfl.iaA Alvarado. Newark, San Jote, Lot
<.«tos,Gleawjnd. Felton. Roalder
Creek. Big Basin. Saata Cruz S-IOp
12-1 5p Newark. Centervllle. &an Jote.
New Almadeu. Lo* G»to*.Feiton.
Boalder Creek. Santa Crni and
Principal Way Station* ......... 10S3a
41fip Newark. San .lo»c. Lo* Uato* t8-S5A
4.15P Wrivit. Boui<ler Crctrkand Santa
Crcu. Saturday an<i 8up<tay only. ft< 55a
COAST LINE- tUr«J Uamx*U
ta>"rtt>tnl »«»t Town^enU Strggtt.)
S-10a San Jouc and Way Stations (Ts^r*
17-OOa San Jote and Wny Station* 5 43o
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Saaday only) 10-30?
• 8-OOa Xew Almaden (Tnes.. Yrll.. only). ,4-13*
800a The Coaster— Saa Jote. Salinas,
San Ardo. Paso Rohle*. Santa
Margarita. 6*a Lula Ohltpo.Santa
Barbara. San Baenavcntnra.
MoatalTo, Oxnard, Burbank. Lo«
Angeles :J.Z/... «1Q.43*>
|.00a GIlro).H.->!ilHtcr. Cattrovllle. Dei
Monte, PaclUc Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 10.45*
9.00a "an Jote. Tre* Ptaot.Watsonvtlle.
' Capltola. ganta Cruz. Pactfle
Grove. Saltnaa San Lnlt Obltpo
and Prtnclp*] Wn.v Stations. ... 4.10p
1 0.30 a San Jose and Way Station*. 1 20z»
1130a Santa Clara, 8an Jote. Lo* Gato*
and Way Stution* 7.30a
UOp ?an Joae and Way Stations 8 39%
tJ OOP Del Monte Express (except Sun-
day)— Santa Clara, San Jute,
Wauonviite. ganta Cnu. Del
Monte. Monterey. Paeifle Grove, f 12-15*
8-SOp Burtinffame, San Jote, GMrOT. Hol-
ll«er. Tret Plnoo.PaJaro.Wanon-
Ttlle. Capitola, Santa Cruz. Ca*-
trovUIe. Salinas. PaclncOrove... 13 4S*
4 30 p P au Jo«e and Way S tatlo&s 1 3 00a
tS OOP Santa Clara. *an Jose. Loa batut,
Wright *nl principal Way Sta-
tlont(eaeer>t Sunday^ t900\
|5-30p SaaJoteanuPrtnclpalWayStattont 5940a
- 6 45p bantet Expret*.— lledwood. San
Jote, eilroy.Sallaaa, Paio Koblet.
San Lult Obltpo. Saata Barbara.
Ltm Angelet, bemlng. KI Paso. -
Xew- Orleans. Sew York '7 tg.
|.45pP»J»ro. Wattonvllle. Capltola. I ,.„,"
6uu Cruz. C»u>troTlIle. Del -?•£*2 lf
Monte, PaelSc Grove T10-4SP
t6-15p
-Carlo*. Kenwood. Fair Oak*.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18.46*.
6 30p EnJote and Way Station*. S 3C*
800p Palo Alto and Way Station* 10-15*
I 1 .30p booth San Franciaco. Mllibrae. Bar-
Hngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Ked wood. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, aad Pal« Alto t-4Sa>
¦11 -30p Mayfleld, Mountain View, Soaay.
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
aw Jote : t3.4S»
A for MornlBfe P for After nooa. "*
T Banday «xeapted. x Sanday ool y
• Saturday only. ' b Monday only.
Ibtop* at all ttatloat oa Sondar.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lcav« Tla lutaHl* Fnrj Arriv* -
Ban Franclaeo F«*t *t Market St. 8an Frandaca)
W«ak 1 Saa- -. yJBSa^ 8au- Week*
Pay*, day*, ifSfSvf'?^ day*. _Dayt-_ 1
8:30a mjHRQy 12:4S r • 8:48a,*
10:00a @Si§iralP 2:05p*I1:05a,
10*0 A 11:00a YDt^cSF 333r 3:33 r
1:44 r 12;20 t W^Sy 5:40 r S-.tSi
1:11 t VAST T8S3>2r 8:13 r 10-.0S »
4s3*»J *50r
T^Orailtf «ar. _ v turtiyal* U IP talley.
Ticket \tH» Mamit fn. (Nctth Bhoro Batlwadt
Omen 1 and 'Axeixloq Fxxxt, Toot Martai 8*.
WEEMCALL
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
FREE FREE FREE
STERILIZED SAL/T."
1\vo Packases of
LESIJE STERILIZED SALT,
Made in California and subject-
ed to iJic nu»t searchJnjf meth-
ods «>f manufacture
before being placed on the mar*
Leu
A two-pound package for the
table.
A two-ix>und package for the
bath.
Chemically pare and ererj
package MerlHzrd.
FREE TO WANT AD.
PATROXS OF XEXT
SUXDArs CALL.
See announcement on Classified
I'ace.
B^^CALIFORNIA |j
m LIMITED TO CHICACO ff
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS ¦
m at O:.'?O a. m., thronyn la 3 days, U
§9 wlta dtaer and all trapptage. «
Other. Saata Pe Tralai:
7:30 a. m.l tor gtockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8-00 p! Si! M«-<* d - Hanford and'VlsaUa.
4:00 p! m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansaa City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago. ;
TICKET OPPIOES— 641 Market St. aafl
Perry Depot, S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 87 Soutn Plrst St.,
San JTo«e. "
; CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COSZPAHT.
Tibnroa Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAN PBANCISCO TO SAW SAPASXu
WEEK DAT3— 7:30 8:00. »:00. 11:00 a. m^
12:33. 2:30. 3:*°, 5:10. 8:B0, 6:20 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. «., 1^0.
2:30 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 P- m.
SAW BAPASI. TO BAH PBAHCISOO.
WEKK DATS— U:u5. 0:50. i :35. 7:50^ 9:20.
11:15 a. m.. 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 8:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:43.
3:40 4:50. 5:0O. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExce pt Saturdays.
l^ave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean S"ran. I May 1. 1904. I Ean Fran.
Week! Sun- I Destina- j Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. 1 days. | Days.
7:80 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:40a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a .Ifnado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2-30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p •
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a I : i 5 *,I : *£ a
8:C0a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:2O a,
i 2:30 p 0:3f>a Petaluma. 6:20 p b:20 p
6:10 p 2:.10p and 7:25 p < :25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a ~" 10:20 a[l6:20 a
8:00 al 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 pj 2:3O'> 8:45 p| • :-5 p
"Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:2O a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p T:.3p
Cloverdale. '
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10;20 a
2i30p| 3 :S0 pi and Uklah. |7:25p|7:23p
I i wniits. J I
7:30 a! 7:30 al Sherwood. I 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:0OajGuernevlll. »nci J10r20 a|10:30 a.
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 6:20 p
8-OOa 8'OOa 8:tOa S:40a
B-lOo 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. S:45p ¦ ".
7*30 a! 7:30 al 110:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for -White
Bulphvr Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'e Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyienrnie for Skaggi
Borings- at Clovtrdale for the Geysers. Boone-.
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
6»rlngs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring*; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
SDrings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Borlnas. Upper Lake. -Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sinhedrtn Heights Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptchs. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
wUSort. tW at flints for Fort Bragg.
¦Westport Sherwood. Canto.. Covelo. Layton-
ville Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. GarbervUIe. Pepperwood. Scotia and
'Saturday to Monday roundrtrip tickets at re-
duced rates
On Bondays — Round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Office. C30 Market street. Chronicle
U JAS?*L. FBAZIER. B, X. RYAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Agt.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
._ . . _ . Vi * SawuOito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUOE.
. Depart from San Francisco, week day*. a »
6-3o! V.IO. 7:46. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 *. m
<l'r40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:2O. 1:43. a-li
4-00I 4:35. 5:15. 6:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00/ 10-20
li-35 p.-m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
it 7:10, 7 : «» 8:30. »:lo. 10:00. u : oo, l^
"m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:80. 3:15, 4-00 4-w
t:U. 5:60. «:25. 7:15. 8:15, 9:00. 10:20. Ji^
P *A^lve at San Francisco, week days, e-17
7 00 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. »:S5. 10:2o. U;hb a ni*
12iO5. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20, 6:05. 5:40. b:^'
6 :55. 7 :55. 10 :05. 11 :28 p." m. - On Sunday* and
legal holiday* extra trains arrive at 12:13. 2:05.
'¦*For l Falrtax."week days, depart at 7:4fi «, »
8-15 P. «n. On Sunday* and legal holidays at
7:45. »:». 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45
P ' m ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazaderoand way stations.
; t:15 a. m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyea.
etc. 'VWSiO'VOCIfSGS
a: 15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
4ero. etc ;
8:15 p. m.. Sunday* only — For Caxadero. ate
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market nt.
FEURY- Union Depot., foot of Market' rt. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 UEAKW ST. Kstabllsbed
In 1SS4 for tbe treatment of I'rlvat*
Di^pn^s. I»it M»nnood. Debiiltrnr
r1i>cas» Tvearlngon body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The> Doctor cores when
others fall. iTryhJtn. fbarges low. .
Cart* fimrnntefd. Cull or write. :
l>r. J. F- CIBBO.t, «au Francisco. Cal
.. . J-^^AJPVl^L^ljaaMfTS. ¦^
' , ¦ >'¦'.¦
¦wftff jwSlmt^l a~ t^MAF a a^ fl^**
I . My.- customers /Invariably, continue . to
patronize me, because they get good value
for j their money. I can save ¦ you money
and time on this work. .
DEVELOPING:
Roll of six ....lOc/ Roll of twelve ..15c ;
.: FBiaymO: ' :
I Sollo finish. 3c to r.c/ Velox flnl»h.3c to 6c
DAYIJGHT, LOADING : FILMS in rolls
of, six and twelve exposures. Beit on the
. market.
¦ - AUSCO CAMERAS— no better Cameras
made — 85 up.' ' ¦ -
'CTKO PHOTO PAPER gives splendid
- results, i Prints by artificial light.
Cameras repaired . at : reasonable prices. .
Mall Orders Promptly ; Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
• F. ". ,W."' PITTS, ¦ the . Statloner.-
1008 MARKET STBEET. OPP. • Plf th.
¦ SAN FRANCI8CO.
. RAILWAY TRAVEL.
m TOURIST SLEEPERS
FOR ST. LOUIS
DATES:
ATJQXTST 18. 15.
BSPTEXBSB.l. 3. S. 8. 7. 8. 19. SO. S3. 33.
OCTOBEK 3. 4. 6. S. 19. 80. 28. 27.
FROM SAIM FRANCISCO:
On Southern' Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day-
light . ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado,
over. Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St.
Louis every day at 6 p.m. Same route.
RATES:
All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates
authorized from California points apply for these Bur-
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent
jg dates to Chicago!
H Call on or writs
' H General Affeat, W. X>. 8AJTBOB2T. BnrUajrtoa Ticket OSoe. *
M r -* ? 631 KABIZT ST. (Unaer Palace Hotel).
Jh , ¦. ¦ San Praadsoo.
I ir ' mw 'riiiii'i!ttfiM'"w^*w*iwvvjiks^aWiiria^ik > Jw^THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1901
10
THE CALL
2OUS D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHy McSACGHT Btanager
W. J. MARTTX Bnslnrss 3Innager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "WM C° a *
oeet Tou With the. Department You Wish.
Publication Offioe..... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 U> 221 Stevenson St.
DeUvwd by Carriers, 29 Cts. Per n
Cta. Per Month. Single Copl«s » £•*«•,•,
Terms by Mall. Including Postage 'C*«h wiid
Order) : c . rn
TAILT CALL <tnc:ud. Eur.dsy). 1 * x * r -*4«i
DAILY CALL (inciud. Sunday). 9 tnos... *.w
J5AILY CALL— By Single Month «?i
CL'N'DAT CALL. 1 Year rSl
WEEKLY
FOREIGN . pSdaV. «•« *"«¦ T ** r JS 1 *
POSTAGE. weekly. 1.00 V*r Year Extra
AH, POSTMABTEHS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO EDCETVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
iaepls Copies will b. forwarded when re-
Mail subscribers In ordering <***£&.%£&
It*—, should b« particular to give bo Jr_£r\l
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to !?£?f\J-
prompt and correct ootapUanoe with t&eir rs-
casst,
OAKLAND OFFICE: „,
XC16 Broadway Telephons Main 1083
JJEHKELEY OFFICE:
E«S Center 6tt«t Telephons Jtorta T»
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EA3TCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW TOUX NEWS STAND:
Waicorf-Aetorla Hotel: A. Brentano, 81
fcloa Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fitth-avenus
Hcttl and IlcCman House.
CHICAGO NEVTS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. New* Co.; °j***
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Falser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bundtag-
(Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2«1». >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTXPHEN B. SMITH 3U Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTON Herald Struar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclseo Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in tie year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JGC8 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 e. m. » _
127 MonigoxBery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. ra.
*M) Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
638 McAllister street; open unUl 8:30 p. m.
«:15 Larkln street; open ur.vii M:30 p. m.
3 I'd Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
JW Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
JC36 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. in.
g£Co FlHmore street; open until 9 P. m.
BtCETIPg NOTICES.
>IISSIO.V Lodge No. 1G*. F. and A. SL m
— Special meeting THIS iSATI.'It- >/V
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third dfegree.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lcdre No. 13*5, F. and A. M.. »
will zaeet on SUNDAY, at 'J a. m.. >£S^
to attend tbe funeral of our late /^r\
brother. W1LLI.VM GREEN. Master
Utuns are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CANTON S. F. No. 5. I. O. O. F. ojrv--^
-—Chevaliers t«»nlj!f at ferry .:'w3£§3*>
SATURDAY. ',::¦•) p. m. ~S^SW"3
C. L. ZIEGLEIl. Captain. Je^S3f*^
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.—
Initiation MONDAY KVEXIXG, r^^^
bV f. ledford. n. g.
THE California Dehris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
process from J. F. Oowdery. in Slide mine.
near St. Louis. Fterra County, Cal.. draining
Into Sackets Gulch and Slate Creek, which
reache* Yuba River, givrs notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
«t room &6. Flood builcilnK. San Francisco.
Cil.. Oct. 3. J9O4. at 1 :30 p. m.
5"HE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to m'.r.e by hydraulic process
Jrom J*£. C. Hager in Mount I'leasant mine,
r.car Spanish Ranch. Plumas County. Cal.,
draining Into Spanish Cretk, which reaches
Feather River, elves notice that a meeting
to receive any pr-.tests will be held at room
PG. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. Sept.
26. 19C4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
MAIL $1 &U for one cczen fountain pens; Trill
eell on sight at £T>c each: act as agent; many
seectc sell & to 10 dozen daily; earn $250
monthly. FIELD CO.. Sa7 Bush St.. S. F.
AGENTS to sell national mall stamper; newly
Talented article. Room 42. Nevada Block.
PORTRAIT aee.nts: be*t preposition for city.
231 Pest st., room 4.
ATTO B, anSYS- AT-LAW.
It. W. KING, Attornejr-at-LaTT, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room 011; established "o
jears; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance cr for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel Rid SOol.
#XV"Ci: free on ail legal matters; divorces a
*pe<rifc<t}-; private, quick: no pay In advance;
taring comr*alet organized ;patenta obtsiaed
«. W. HOWE. 1122 Market tt.; estab. 23 yrs.
AA — Pivorce;co?ts $12;qulck.quiet:advlce free;
i/.l l.-'.w business; no charge unless success-
ful: cpen evenings. 027 Market St., room 301.
COLLECTIONS. attachments, . mechanic' •
1KEC. JVCbaie- tenants ejected. Attorney. €32
JAarWrf et.. room £3.
DIVORCE — Cof>t». $12; quick, quiet: advice
?ree; all law business; no charge unless mo
ort» ful; cren evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE Ire*; divorce costs $12; no fees or
coets In advance; ell law business; office
cpes fisturfay eveglngt. g!9 Market «t.. r.S3.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law & Collection
Agency, room 85. 810 Market; tel. John 6226.
TATENTS. Ameri-an ar.a foreign. SCNTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St.. 6th floor.
U. 6. CLARK. »27 Msrket. r. 304; consultation
free: no f^es in rovanre; open evenings.
ASTH2XA CT7BX.
El NOLA'F Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: l«c. C5c. 6Oc 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
»1ro Wi»*ii»rt. 10th s.sd TVashiagtoc Oakland.
; }-0_^ _ . . : . AirroascmiisS; _^
LOCOMOEILE. 10-hcrwpower; 2 seats! In
C3Od runr.tag order. Call 473 Valencia rt.
WANTED — An automobile: reasonable and in
Eood crder. Box 121S, Call office.
BIED5. DOGS, SIC.
HAHTZ Mountain canaries Jfc African gray par-
rots, jost received. A. C RobUon. 335 Kearny.
____BOABDIKCMPOB CH1LDE.EIT.
CHILDREN boarded: mother's care:~besT"of
' references. 316 Fifth ave.. Richmond; ..
BOAxmnro fob, csxpbxw waited.
PRIVATE family to take boy to board; Oalt-
land crcrcrrcd; attends public school. Box
163d. Call office. . ¦ .
_
tCHOOL bock*, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY * CURRAN. ES7 Geary it.
>
CAJBPET^ BEATrgQ AK) CI.EA glgO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for clea&lcf carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rufs also cleaned by compressed
sir at shop;, prices moderate. E. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 1S2 and Bush 478.-
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lcg worlcs, 855-857. Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTEKN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. Sc FRED HAGE-
DORN fe CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CCNKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,"
333 Golden Gate ave. . Telephone East 126.
110PKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
trettes snade over. 1432 Howard :tei. South 21<l.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 884. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
BUDOLPH St CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
Masocable.-1703-Harrlson »t-;tel. Mission 263.
A-4650: CORNER saioon. withjl years' please;
v-ry b«t location end a good paying busl-
ness. " Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
X— $900; COMMISSION business; established
mlnVVsr.; rent $&0:
gate- this Is a very rare chance. Bee K. u.
WILKE. 20tt Kearny St.
A— #1000; BAKERY: best location in the MIc-
Tion; rent »45; all store trade; baking l£
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooins. Be* bTq. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $400- RESTAURANT and chophonse; oppo-
site cirhouse; rent $16: a good paying busl-
ness. See R. Q. WIKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $!XX>- BOARDING and rooming housef 30
rooms; kitchen, dining-room, 37 beds; good
paring and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 28% K»arpy st.
A— $2500; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
acrors the bay: 6 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
nrp* first class, paying; finest l«atU» i In
rood business town. It G. WILKE. J6%
Kearny st. ¦ ;
A— <P00: CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; llvlns rooms; lease; a Place-' es^llshed
yean and well paying. Be« B. O. WILKB.
86% Kearny st. . '- •
A— $1260; DAIRY product, branch bakery, ice-
cream and candy store; rent $48; daily re-
ceipts ab#ut $35: business clearsfrom. $1»
to$200 per month. Call R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ' i__
A— $1200; CORKER saloon en Fol*ora sc; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying business.
Bf R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1750; BAKERY, eetab. many years; daily
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels dayjyery best
looafn. Particulars B,O.WILKE.2«% Ktarny
$2006— BARBER shop: 4 chairs: tlejant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
q. WILKE. 26% Kearny rt. ¦
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
dally receipts about $20; best location north
of Market «C Call R. G. WILKB. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1600; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of ihe best lo-
cations In this city: rare chance. »e* K.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ;
A— $0500; SALOON, ons of the best on Market
st.; 4%-year lease; rent $107; place ls ele-
rant] v littod up and never clearing I«ss than
$350 per month. See R. C. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ¦
A— $2000; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
iilsbed rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion: rent $100; borw.
•wsgon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. Bed R, O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
rt.; rent $60: livlnc rooms; stock will in-
voloe about $2&00: a well established and
first-class paying business. Bee R. O.
, WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2Urt); CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years: a
ftrst-clais raying place. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny St.
A— 5S00: CORNER salccn In wholesale district:
rent $50: place doing a fine business: sur-
rtur.ceil by wholrrale houses; no night or
Sunday work. K. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— «35fO; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; on Montgomery «t.. vicinity o!
California; olae* must be sacrificed on ac-
rount of HI health of owner. See R. G.
WJX.KE. 2Cif Kearny st.
WANTED— A man with small capital for I
uood-pnj-ing commission business. Apply
Oak. Buslnefs Agency and R. E. Dealers,
110S Webster Et., cor. 12th, Oakland.
$lC00 — PARTNER In first-class corner Ealoon
across bay: flnort an<i best paylnp class of
custom; trial. 110S Webster St., Oakland.
$2000— PARTNER In wholesale and retail wood
and coaJ business; meat prosperous country
town In State; established for years; horses,
wapons: best chance in this line: Investi-
gation offered. 110S Webster St.. Oakland.
$1300— CORNER saloon with 9 rooms; rent $20:
nice location acres* bay; owner will give
lease. Apply 11C8 Webster st.. Oakland.
$300— SALOON acrors the bay. with living
rooms in rear; good reasons for selling. 110$
Webster st.. Oakland.
FOR fale^ — Corner fruit and grocery business;
sell on account of gleknem. Box 1397, Call
olfice. Oakland.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
Business Exchange, 111S Market st.
Saloons $350 to $7500
Ilooming-bouses $275 to $1250
Restaurants $950 to $2500
Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar etaeds $125 and up
Bakeries $175 to $500
EAWTER-BLETHEN CO..
Business Exchange. 1118 Market st.
Cigar stand, near Market st $1800
Grocery, notions, etc., 5 living rooms. 1000
Ranch and meat market, country 6000
Saloon, rent $150; lease 1600
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bak«ry. cigar stand, saloon ' or business of
any kind, rio not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser lor what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCIC INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 41S-419; teiephoce Folsom 3468.
$1750 — SALOON; building Included; a mint; no
rent; receipts $25 daily; rare opportunity;
Exclusive with KREDO & CO.. 7K5 Market.
A— $500; PARTNER; est. office business; reli-
able man wanted: clears $250 month; rare
chance. KREDO & CO.. 765 Market.
$600 — Restaurant; north Market, nr. Kearny;
«tand» lnves.; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150^ PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lea*e 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny.
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms.
or to lease for & or 10 years: a fine located
; home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on it; old age the
cause. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'8 SPRING, Bartlett Springs
Lake County. Cal.
GOOD chance for man and wife with $275; you
can buy a good small restaurant In the best
location; half cash and half on easy time;
If you don't wish to- buy same you can rent
it. Box 1C51. Call office.
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE,
located at 911 Broadway, bet. 8th and 9th
ets.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for sale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED— Huftifer with ability to sell candy
on talary; $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under' California laws.
Apply immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh Bt.. Oakland ;branch San Francisco
A RESTAURANT which has made $3000 dur-
ing Its first year, being in a fine, location
and having a good lease, offers a fine oppor-
tunity to an enterprising man; half Interest or
entire. Address C. D., box 1472. Call office.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm de-
sires lervlces of reliable, energetic ', partner
with $750; large and Increasing profits; no
competition; permanent; steady income; ex-
perience unnecessary; investigate. 247 5th.
WANTED^ — A sober . business man as partner
to act as manager and treasurer of a small,
up-to-date theatrical troupe,. to play In towns
and small cities; $700 cash required. For
particulars address box 4486, Call office.
WANTED— Partner In mechanical business: no
previous experience required; short hours;
light work; fl5 to $35 week each; $300 re-
QUlred. 47 Geary St., room 5.
BARGAIN; new restaurant and oyster-house:
growing part of city; 1558 Market, near
Larkin: owner has two places; cannot attend
to both: 4 years' lease: does good . business.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and - pe-
riodical business, with a long lease: on ac-
count of stckners of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. S. F.. News Co.. 342 GeaVy st.
A FIRST-CLASS bakery and delicacy; $25
per day trade; clears $150 per month over
expenses; cash $950. real estate $1200 2474
Mission st. j
CHANCE" for an all-round Job printer with
$1000 to buy half Interest In Job office In
Ban Jose. Address or call at 85 South Third
et., San. Jose. ; ,
WANTED— A good grocery and bar, without
wagen trade preferred.- Box 1202. CalL"
$500— LUNCH place; good location; Geary st ¦
24 chairs; nicely fitted up. MEEK, 909 Mis-
sion st. ¦,
CANDY, Ice cream 'and ' tamale store; must - be
¦old; owner I leaving city; good location; fine
bus. ; 3 f urn. . rms. 1533 De vlaadero, nr. Geary;
$850— SALOON near ~ Market ' and'; Taylor sta;
*aal»- offer. BRO0KBANK-N0RTON - CO. '
A 1 .;-'¦ ,' ¦ ,
JtOJDOTOO^HOTO^EKJPOB^SAlE^Con^
(A WIRELESS MESSAGE)
(From)
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Read)
(and be wise.)
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance,
cor. 3d and Market sts.: phone Black 3C07.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles.
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 19 LARGE
rooms In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
attractive house with pretty entrance and re-
ception hall; newly furnished and clean;
clears $90 monthly; mostly apartments, hence
very little work; all bright and sunny outside
rooms; it's a nice bay-window bouse with
HOT AND COLD WATER In every room;
newly calclmlned, new plumbing, all In first-
class condition. <To examine, this house see
MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN — Just listed: must. be sold by 10 a.
m. r Sept. 17; 17 rooms of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market: 2 years' lease,
price SttOO; reduced from $1400; house full of
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are greatly In demand;
we have one of 100 rooms, clearing $458
monthly; books open for your inspection; long
lease; low rent; make offer; easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house, 85 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished: rent only $450;
long lease: over $10. xyer day clear profit;
for sale at a barge in. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE thousand dollars less than its value will
take a nicely • furnished 10-room house: quiet
and respectable;. clearing $76 per month. See
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only 057 rent; modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooms; splendid lo-
cation: $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $IGO a month: 10
rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
TARTLY furnished: 30 rooms: 19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease; $1250. MARION GRIFFIN. .
TRANSIENT 27-room corner- house; 4 years'
lease: clears $200. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern*. 31 rooms; c!earlng $125; all
permanent roomers; If you want something
NICE, ltt us show you this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
CHOICE location: 66 rooms; rent less than $5
a room for the building: lease: oak and ma-
hogany furniture. ¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
THE most elegantly furnished fiat of 7 rooms
- In this city; the furniture is the very best
highly polished oak; fine beds, extra nice
hangings; nice location, near Bush and
Jones sts.; modern flat with all conveniences;
will make a fine home for small - family.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Hearst bldg.. •
H. C. DECKER Pohne John 531
806 MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
• Hotels. Flats and Prtvate Homes.
„.'.¦ His success In selling houses over 28 years
in San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. ' He guarantees .title and sells the
bargains to his customers. See him. ¦
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture $ 300
CO rooms; Market St.; only........ 2500
8 rooms; McAllister St.; flat........... 450
36 rooms:! downtown; reduced to .1100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter st 400
Decker's Special- Bargains Not Advertised.
C to 460 rooms: prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market. St.. cor. Stockton.
AT a sacrifice; must' raise meney; house of 12
I rooms: all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains in lodglng-hou«es and real estate;
-' nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
' Co... 10 Turk st. ; phone Mint; 741.
V. .-....• ..MITCHELL & CO..............
1206 Market st........... ..Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and 'apartment houses, - hotels, and
. flats sold to suit purchasers -.titles guaranteed.
." ¦ .....;.*. •• .. .MITCHELL & CO.../. .'. . .
60 ROOMS, Bush st.;^Al: location; rent $300;
. .lease; .well furnished; landlady ¦ owns proper-
ty.% wishes ¦ to retire ; make • offer. MITCH-
•V- ELL.! 1208 Market st. . : ¦ . . :. . -
TWELVE-ROOM house; $250 down; easy terms;
rent $12 50; lease; all full. Call 407 Taylor at
EOPOIKQ-HOTJSES fOB SALE— Con.
20 ROOMS; rent $90: clears $9^...^... $300
27 rooms; housekeeping; rent ¦3,...'.. 12C0
66 rooms; rent $300 6C00
8 rooms; nicely furnished, with piano. 575
SO rooms; attractively furnished 300O
38 rooms; rent $65 SCO
30 rooms; rent $105 1S0O
25 rooms: rent »60 14C0
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1006^ Market st.
SglBITTTAIJSlE.
ELSIE REYNOLDS — Full forms; Sunday, 2 p.
m. 1028 Fifty-third st.. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium: readings this week
25c. 50c; dr. Mon.. Fri.. 8 p. m. 1235 Market.
C.'MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1.
3568 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
cxtAxavoYAirrs.
A Phenomenal $5 Cental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — Kllsrnere— Th«
grea". Egyptian -aer. palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvojant in the world; tells your
name, what you called for. whom and when
you will marrv. about business, etc.: Ells-
mere is different- from ether clairvoyants 1
because he does what they claim to do;
things that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing, thlnas that seem Impossible; he gives
you information, relief, success, satisfaction,
power and control of w» character affecting
any one or anything past, present or future:
he tells you just what you may expect and
what to do for your best interests In • any
matter; he awakecs a natural force within
and around you. giving you a secret power to
remove the cause of any trouble. Influence,
unhappl'iess, disease, poverty, failure or bad
luck that surrounds you; he opens up a way
for success and happiness you desire; a. power
to tecreily change the thoughts, actions,
habits or intentions of any one, even miles
awa> : remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart or
emotions of love Interest you. he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affairs; he
advlres you how to settle lovers' quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and lovs
ot any one you desire.
S offices. 1007% Market street. 3 offices
Open Sunday, ev«ry day, 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
AA— CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for 11.
PAUL DESTINE;
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If 1 fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart ,1s true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell, every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. X will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation: I Implant ths
controlltns power in your nature so you ean
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to •«
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st., 328.
MMK. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business ¦ medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an '
accurate description of the past, reveals the |
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble'
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult thl« great medium and you will be told
how to overcome* them;, valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45C3.
A—Mlss M. Wille. S30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
- tak seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
" tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
Sittings, life readings, healing; Instruction
In all branches: lady attendant: afternoons
- and evenings. 218 Eddy st. ¦•'
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. A palm
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success: names-
L.. 50c; P.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. q"*^
PALMISTRY, card-readlnr, MISS U KAHjil
TUS. 704% Larkln: 10 aV m.. 9 p? m. , '
MME.ODELL,: clairvoyant.. can}' readinr tea.
leaves;. 25c up. 612ft Eddy IT « ua *V«*
CTJaTTtyoTAHTS — Caattansd.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The^Vendomj*^1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
"in. to 3 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 8 to &. Phone South 1141.
PROF JOHNS, palmist and pshychlc eart
reader; readings 25c; 2 to » p. m. 512 Jessls.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
deittists. ¦
r'T^TWDlate^ThV Whalebone — Cannot break;
w.r«nted 20y» ?: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plate. $5: full set; all work P»/nle« .and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. LUDLTJM HILL 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
D !b N irrharV* for extracting when »»««¦£
made: old" plates made over _Uke^new teeta
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas glvea.
DR. KNOX dentist, now located « th «. < ' r *° t
building 1C05 Market st.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ear. Bart—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns,$2 np;nlIlngs.Z3Q.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A-C.Hewltt.2O* Sutter.
DR. R. U WALSH has moved from 847 O*ary
st. to BSO Geary St.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon -dentlst.rS4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farretl.
ALL work guaranteed by the New Torle den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 963 Mission. cor. gth.
D»XSSl^KrBa^AHB_SEAMSTBESSl!3
FK^KELSTErN. 410 Ellis— Ladies' tailor stlUs
to order on Installments If d»s!red; reas. : call.
McDOWELL Dressmalcin* * Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating- Stew-
art's tmttod.& buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
V^."*.-: EPTJCATIOgAXi.
A BIGGER school than «ver. On June 1 w«
movfd to cew fireproof building. 738 Mission
st. between TMrd and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
rom,»j gee. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A _THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
lege*- refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Actinic gives
more performances and serures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools' special wmmer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, 'rplrg; $5 month: life scholarship
$50: positions secured, day, eve. «23 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil. 'elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey. assav. cyanide; day. ev.: est. 1S64; \an
der NailJon School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners and adults; 50c. 2395 Mission st.
corner Twentieth. ___^______
CLASSES in short story wrttlnr and Journal-
lam m«»et on Mon.. Wed. and Thur*., 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bids.; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGITKR MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st- Send for catalogue.
PI\NO TAUGHT. SC GLEN PARK AVE.,
OFF 12TII. BET. MISSION AND HOWARD.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hm-
man's Schcol of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.fctc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcadomy
cf !anguage3.101S Post: eat. 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL «")F ILLITSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON"S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual Instruc; ail branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course, $ft mo. $30; eve. $4 mo. ; prtvate
CALIFORNIA Business College. 825 Golden
Gate ave., S. F.: "S-pags catalog on request.
E*XFX.OTMz:2rr omens.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. SC9 Sacramento. Tel. James 5281.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5732.
CHINESE Employment Offlce^ — Best help at
Leon Seang's. 411% O'Farrell; teL East 428.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinesw Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamasakl.mgr. :teLBush 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; a'.l kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8133.
CHINESE and Japanese hrlp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
sarpiiOYBiEirr wanted — female.
AN exDeritnced refined wom=.n wishes & posi-
tion as housekeeper In private family or
asylum; best references!. Box 1S21. Call.
WANTED — Washing and lronlnr. general
housecleanlsg. by the day. 793 Harrison st.
YOUNG lady manicurist would liks a position
In a first-class 'barber shop. Box 1469. Call.
YOUNG woman wants cleaning by the day;
references. Box 1467. Call office.
WOMAN wants housework In country. Box
1474. Call office.
WANTED — Small washing and piecework to
take home. 520 East Eleventh st.. Oakland.
STRONG, competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, wants light sweeping and wash-
Ing by the day: fine laundress: cheerful
worker; $1 25 and car fare. 1S9 Fourth St..
first flight, room 24.
POSITION wanted as governess or hi private
school or convent by thorough musician: 14
years' experience teaching: piano, slnglnar.
German and English branches, literature.
Box 1435. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist with light housework In a
small family; wages $15 a month. Call lt-»
Bruce place; no calls answered without ear-
fare^
A COMPETENT Klrl wishes ooslUon. $25 to
$30; best reference*; no postal. Call Mon-
day. 119 West Park at., near Mission; taits
Colma car.
A STRONG woman wishes work washing on
Monday; halt day Friday, sweeping and
dusting. Call Saturday evening or Sunday.
145 Twelfth st.
WANTED — By lady of rood address, place as
housekeeper In rooming-house. Call cr ad-
dress SCO Eddy St., MRS. F. W.
RESPECTABLE woman desires position as
housekeeper: city or country. MRS BROWN
512 Fourth st. "
WANTED — By respectable woman, washing
by day or half day. Please call at 3275
Harrison «t.
WANTED— Place to take charge of house as
housekeeper; good references. Box 1059,
Call office.
JAPANESE girl wants a position to do plain
cooklnz or housework In family. 134« Turk
WANTED— By lady of middle age. assist as
B^u^LffrtSif* 1 *"'- to Blc * tfcmUy -
LADY would lUte position as nurse for one or
d^^^ost^"" 6 to """• .oa-y.g
T .K*i la4y t Wlshe * t9 eoaca children or
adults In primary and grammar studies. Ad-
dress MISS A. I.. 1032 Saochea st.
W £ M^?* to assist In restaurant or
boardirg-house. Call at 7 Baldwin Court, off
Folsom St., near First.
A J£ V ? G w ° m »n **nt« position as worklnit
l^t eP * r iT t, DoM - w »«e» *=3; would go to
country; experience; refs. Box »44. Call.
WOMAN wanta work by the day; washing or
?.^?? cleanlns:: * l w * nd «*r fare. MRS.
OSGC 'P. US Hayes st.
child to wet nurse at 34 Chattanocga
St.. near Twenty- second.
"^•cIm S o 3 ffl e c . haml><nn>ld - *«*^~^
SITUATION to make buttonholes. B45 Lib-
erty st.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, position a*
housekeeper. 1605 Fulton st.. near Lyon.
SWEDISH glrl^wlshes gener* housework:
-wages $15. 2388 Bryant st., ntar 22d.
A YOUNG lady wants a. position In some of-
nce; Inexperienced. Box 1280. Call office. •
A K r i E 2I IS P f £ NTS ' «ubscriptlons received at
can Branch office. cor.Duncan and CZmrca «ul
W ;£r?. T * d " and »abscrlptlon« taken for TM
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 •MnAmrtw at. „
BUSDTESS. CHANCES — Conttanca.
A— CAMERON & Co!^ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy el. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
FOR sale — 'Well furnished 5 -room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
tummer outir.fr. also for winter shooting and
fiahlng; completely furnished and equipped
lor housekeeping; automatic generators for i
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything 1
strictly new and modem; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owaer
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; beat coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole 'or
separately; fine proposition; has the butter
business of the tovn; extensive interests else-
where only reason for selling; books 'open for
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy'Bt. . .
FOR sale, or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assay's $40 to $70 ton; trada.
for rmg.-he. or bssiness. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lea&e; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 pear
'year: price $2200. For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
. beautiful chow cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock. of goods; dolnf good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price atked; big snap at $1000; elckness.
CAMERON & CO. '
FOR sale — Best little restaurant In city; down-
town; doing" good business; cheap rent; own-
er has other lntere&tB and can't devote his
time to it; enafp; $500. CAMEHON & CO.,
3 Eddy st. .
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. ' CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
GOOD-paylng. well-established hardware store;
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
elckness; only $8250; will take half city real
estate. Box 1324, Call office. "
FIRST-CLASS corner ealoon; best location;
long leane; ¦ owner must Jeave the city; no
seen ts. " Inquire saloon 393 Ninth . st. '..
WANT to dispose ' of half Interest In good-
paying flower store; best location In the city.
Box 1449. Call office.
1 HOME- bakery; furnished living rooms; French
range; $300; no agents. 417 O'Farrell sC> ,
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale.. Box
1243, Call- office. J ¦*,
GOOD ' corner saloon: cheat); ' on account of
death. Inquire 1898 Howard at. '
CANDY store — Will • sell to J suit buyer;' snap;
. other business. the reason.- 1427 Market su :
FOR sale — Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
856 Howard st. .. .
FOR sale — Stationery and notion store; sick-
ness; value in sight; no agents. 1803 Howard.
i SALOON for sale, ¦ cheap; good location. 858
Broadway, Oakland.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop to rent; furnished;
cheap. 1 Ml Broderick St.. cor., of Post -
RESTAURANT for sale In front of car house.
1189 Oak st.
CHIKOPOPIST8. .._,;.-
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowing nails removed;
painless. DR." WOODRUFF. 855 Market . st. -
CLOTHING ¦ BENO VATZNO.
SUITS cleaned*' and . pressed, $1; ccourlng : and
dyeing. . Bon March*. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
. phone Drumm 44. • Call for ; and ' deliver free.
Bad tenants ' ejected ' for $4 ; collections I made; ,
' ctty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Mala 6580. -,
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell. .
¦Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances. '
108 rooms: rent uniy $5 SO per room; long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house:
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
room?, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to set first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $150 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us.
26 room*, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars. - '
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-clasa condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern Cat, close In, well furnished;,
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.- -
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now .$300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets: clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
1 get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good leaae. -
CO-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most . elegantly
equipped In city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness. . .
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account! sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms? grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
cloee in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
tit once; dissolution of partnership.- . ; ¦ . .
SO rooms;- newly furnished throughout; 5-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable " money-
making house; part' down, balance reasonable
interest. ; ,. , ¦
• ¦ ft-room Bat ; rent only , $50; water free ; . oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by September
6; price $400. - :.. .. •
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10' years", lease; - close: In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. . ; ¦
23 rooms; central; .4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; 'only with us. .
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; • must sell within' next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in ' fine shape ; - fine little apartment-house ;
clears $150; reduced. to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business tor exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON &' CO.. .'I, Eddy. st.
A— 34-ROOM transient honse; downtown; clears
: $200; price I2S00; no agents. Box 2199, Call.'
$250-^NEWt.Y, s furnished « rooming-house tor
¦sale, lease or rent, v Apply 129 East St..
$550— LODGING -HOUSE r of 8 " rooms. 1 well ,' fur-'
', ..' Blsbed.1 at 143 Sixth et.' Call 1 to 5 p. m.
FREE-CHEMICALLY PURE AND WHOLESOME FOUR POUNDS
FDPP— 2 PACKAGES rDFf^- 2 PACKAGES
I KLL ==================== | KLL .
CESJlIE STERIHIZED SA£"
For tKe Table For the B&tK For the KiteHen
Free to Want Advertisers in Net Sunday's Caff
{£' " TWOPACKAGES B^^^™ 1^^
:^^^^^^g v Of this new and scientifically HHi M Fi
prepared household necessity, ( iM|I R "ESfL 1*1 I
P SAl '^W /^k^'i W\ l{ ls handleci an(i P acked with the ife'l'l »J^ '^^o^- m
Mp/ . g It ls of perfect grain and texture. _Jj_ R
g^^NNiNC / j\ It is superior to anu Imported salt. M£). | [. W'/^^^ff/^lMh. @
B No * oocl P r0[luct is more susceptible of "t'fhlj 1 M^Wv/JwA V ill !«? ) rl
W%^^^^^^^^^^ contamination than salt. | .^fyiS^^W J*;-^ p
W^^^^^^^^^^M No food product carries more- lurking 1
g&rms and diseases than salt. • ** *** 1
5^^ No fool product ls more important to / ||||g^^aeB^tfHsils»^'^^
ro* thx: tabus. life and gooi health than salt. pobthebath.
C. E. WHITNEY & CO....... . ... . .San Francisco
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
I THESE PREMIUMS FREE WITH WANT ADS I
BROUGHT TO OUR OFFICE THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY FOR THE SUNDAY CALL : : :
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD AND MARKET STS.
Open Until 12 O'CIock Every Night In the Year
OAKLAND OFFICE .....1G1O BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
11
gqaSES AND WAGONS.
. FOR sale — Handsome span young. Jet black
mares: standard bred; 16 hands, 110O lbs.
Inquire at once 2112 Allston way. Berkeley.
FOR sale^ — Handsome span of jet black mares;
standard bred; 10 hands; 1100 oounds. In-
I quire" at once, 2112 Allston way. Berkeley..
FINE ilvcr bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
I . County. Nucleus Stables, l&O Stevenson. S.F.
GOING out of business); new and secend-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st.. nr. 13th.
LIGHT wagon, Al condition; cheap". Apply
L ! BAKER & SON. 37 Second st.
FOR sale— 2 horse?; cheap. . Call at 113o
5 ¦ Potrero ave. . . ..' . . • *
• WANTED— A business buggy. Box 924. Call
• . office..
: FCR sale — 15 fine surreys for cost price. 1503
' Foleom st.
ALL kinds of business wagons and buggies for
- , sale cheap. 1504-6 Folsom et.
• -
.' FOR fale — Hcrsc. light wagon, harness. 44
l Beaver ft.
r — — — — — — — —^_ __^^_^^^_^_____
r AUCTION sate, of horses, wasens and harness
f every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
> WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagona; har-
J negs. work and driving horses. 15th-Valenclft.
i 3*SJ!!$J*?L!ESJ?'3£Sz •;
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
"TO let — House of . 10 rooms on California st. ;
-rent $10. , Inquire at N. W. .cor. lllssion
• • and. Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
-Call. 1(S pages, sent to any address In the
- United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOTJSE3 TO LET — PTTRKTSHEP.
,TO sublet. 8-room apartment, completely fur-
... nlahed, 8 months. Apply the Empire, Bush
-.and Leavenworth sts. ¦ ¦
' J HOJP'gE3 gPBinSHEI)— TOB SALS.
$"$ — NICE, new" furniture 3-room cottage com-
• plete; rent *10. MisBlon and Thirtieth sts.
Box 1620. Call. .-
FOR sale-i-15-room ' house, neatly furnished;
will sell reasonable. Call at 815 Geary st.
A WELL-FURNISHED hou-e of '9 rooms; all
gunnv: rent $27 50. 416 Minna st.
- COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE — 5 rooms, bath; gas; chicken yard;
.-. garden; rent reasonable. 1017 Lombard St.,
near Hyde. .
MODERN cottage: 6 rooms and bath; base-
ment; $30. 2025 Webster St.. near Union.
IW VALID OHAZBS.
SOLD, rented, -exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. : tel. Park 775.
TVQST AZTD I 1 QUITO.
LOST— Presumably Sept. 7. at X. T. ball at
Pavilion, valuable-^ breastpin of three pink
¦ shells in row, containing pearls.- Proper re-
: ,- -ward will b« paid for same. Box 1653, Call.
LOST— A ; passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
| Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
: the name of ROY J. HANCOCK, No. 274-34'J.
The finder will please return to bank.
$10 REWARD for Information leading to the
whereabouts of a white bull terrier, black
dots on eyelids, black spots on stomach and
on tip of ears. Any Information 41 Eddy st.
LOST — September' 16, roll of greenbacks
amounting to $300, between Nevada Bank
and Sherman & Clay's. A. VERKS, 23
Eddy St.; reward.
LOST — AH of our competitors; reduction in
prices and quality of stock did It SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st., phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutter St.. phone East 817.
LOST — Opal brooch, set with diamonds, Thurs-
day, between city and Alameda. Suitable
reward Hotel Pleasanton.
LOST — Letter case, containing papers; no
value except to owner. Finder will receive
reward at 027 Market st. E. E. PENN.
LOST— Knight Templar emblem. Return to F.
FITZGERALD, Benicla, Cal.; $5 reward.
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.: tor pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Mlchielis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
lng & excursions. 5 Steuart st.;tel.John 2686.
MATTHESSES AKD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated,' disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard st. ; phene South 216.
MEDICAL. ¦_.
LADIES . desiring safe, sure and aulck relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
.are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee3 CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician • here ¦ who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR~WYETh7 Bpecialist~for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOOSVj Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market at.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St., room 9, pos-
.ltlvely cures rheumatism; magnetic vapcr &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
LADIES, call at MRS. BROWN'S for medical
advice. 1279 Union Bt; 9-2.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES~and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2C05 Folsom st.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; C10. .
MISCELLANEOUS— i">B SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpa,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR s&le — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent table 3
.with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay; '
needs no painting or coating; good over old
• Iron, ¦' tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we ars gclng to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will -ell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and , Jewelry on I small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12; upstairs. -
J. COQPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors, j
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at., I
I upstairs. . ; '» . ¦ } ¦¦¦¦• - ;. . •---¦¦
TRY ¦ our J men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:"
foot -form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale-r-Two nice black mares, city broke,
to rUe or drive; -tell .one or both. 122}$
Eddy et. '/-... - •'"'..•
TICKET to Los Angeles; middle aged, mustache,
.light eyes, slender. male. Call 303 Sixth st.
PIANO for sale: $1CO: no reasonable offer re-
fused. Box 1654, Call . office.
COMBINATION foldlr.g bed; cheap. Room 20.
'8 Taylor st., 1 to 4 p.: m. , :
GROCERY store fixtures and 21-foot bar;
, cheap.': 217 Mason »t. ¦ •»....-;,
GENUINE ' water . spaniel < pups for • si.!e: 426
Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN; upstairs.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan ¦ Co., 1607 Mkt. ¦
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
v bargain; -10 Sixth st.V ; ; -^ - j
ROOMS'- papered; ,; $4 .up; 'tinting, .painting.
Ha rtmann Paint Co.. 310"Thlrd;t»l.Maln 413. •
DESKS * bought," sold ¦ and , exchanged. - T. D.
'; McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811. *
MISCELLANEOUS— TOR SALE — Con.
BEAUTIFUL 1- karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C.-O'DONNELL. 1021 H Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1320 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. 8 »le. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap K. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all siz*s. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCXLLAKEOTjrs WAHT8.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds.' gents' full dress suits. - etc. ; send
postal card. ' LICHTENSTEIN BROS,. 23
Stockton st.
A BIG price for ladles' and gents' castofl
clothing. 922 Foleom st. Tel. Folsom 3522.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; teU Jessie 2851.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gent's castofl cloth.
lr.g. etc. Tel. Davis 825; 050 Sacramento st.
aOmTOIOAJ.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-C03 Examiner building. '
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exuenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignment.? of rents, property in trust,
ttc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money. .
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
-.1st.' 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or - .
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, et?.
' Box 490. Call Office.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; na fe*; no
ccm. ; cut rate, Cal Loan Co., 526 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS — " ~~~~
Money loaned salaried people -without secur-
ity or indorsement/knowledge of employer or
any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON rurnlture or planes at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, Stt Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
816 Market: tel. Main 1G44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 807 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery St.. rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
juat on their note; easy payments. 500 Rtal-
to bide.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. ' Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se*
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1C03 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
ALL loan? on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15. up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser.-MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CaiL
• 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOHCT WAaTED.
WANTED— $15.COO fcr five years on good se-
curity: will pay 7 per cent net; agents need
not apply; principals only. Address box 1814.
Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
bVerage rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc. ; pianos for rent at $1 per. month,
some at $2. a large, number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant larg«
pianos for $4 and $3 per mo.; over 150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes at.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard. small upright for practice $40
Wood worth and Allovon, splendid order.. C3
Neuman, mahogany case, a bargain.... 125
Sherman. -Clay & Co., good order 133
Grovesteen A Fuller, splendid order.... 143
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS AT AUCTION at 1919 Mission st—
Having concluded to close thU business within
thirty days, we offer forty pianos at prices
. ranging from $117 to $225. These pianos are
all first-class Instruments, regularly sold for
$200 to $350 each. Conditions of the sale are
10 p«r cent of purchase price down and bal-
ance in installments of $6 to $10. Pianos re-
maining on hand October 13 will be sold at
auction to the highest bidder. The sale begins
on Saturday. September 17. .Don't forget the
place, 1919 Mission st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest prices and greatest variety of
new planoB; all makes Infused Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
CERTIFICATED teachers for country schools.
CALVIN ESTERLY. 518 Parrott building.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand; .elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Homung, 210 McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI,
786 Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st. ¦
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand:
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFI-ICES ABO STORES TO LET.
HALF of store. 160x18: large show window;
good location on Market St.: old established
place; rear and 'front entrances. Box 2181.
Call office.'. ... . . . ¦¦ . . .
AN elegant store, for rent; suitable for barber
shep. tailor - or haberdasher. Inquire . at
Temple Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
LOWER part of 42S Sutter. St.; suitable for
- business purposes.
PHYSICIANS AITS SUSQSO2T8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021^4 Market it., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. ~skln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.,
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herh doctor.
. treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
- cated at 667 Geary ft-, near Leavenworth.
WONG, WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dis-
eases cored by Chines* herbs. : 7 16-8 Clay at.
¦¦¦ ¦¦"'¦¦ ' _-_ ¦> PATS3TT8. . :
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
• torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market at.
i vmtcffi irnro ¦ aqctchml .
CLARA E.' JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspctodence solicit*
ed. 3568 17th st.,£an F, *ndsco. Tel. Capp 88V
, r .^_ PSBsoarAz.s.
and see our demonstrations, with ons-
half of face treated: I guarantee to r«mov»
permanently wrinkles, freckles. %
Smallpox pitting*, etc;
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILL1NGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Lire, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
snre throat, etc. Sold by all druggists tor
over 20 years: prlc» 5Oc. Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL A BROWN-. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops railing, cures dandruff
and .Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.,1333 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affectinz
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Centra:
' Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
GOLDEN GATE DETECTIVE BUREAU.~7W
Market St.: phone R;d 6871; consultation
free; confidential. -
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald bead. Call or writ*. <
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits.' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market »t-
YOU can buy $79 worth of furniture- for $7 SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
BOY BLUE — AU gone; will remain here.
BONES-
EYES examined free. THOS. HOCSEWORTH.'
optician. 15&4 Market su. rm. 207; est. lgSl.
Superfluous hair removed ; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 363 gatter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.33.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagnes. 850 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at IS10 gutter st.'
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 tx. pair pants. $13.
LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mkt. st.. bet. 7th A 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
•«2Sa GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. .
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5a
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Duponu
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM*S Egyptian Henna restores crar
hah- to. its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
cpened at IOCS Market St.. osDoslta Fifth.
Or>en nntll 11 p. m.
PALMTSTBT.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chelro. reveals farts
that -will astonish you. portrar* events. d*~
scribea enemies; advice given. 479 A Turk st.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley":
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for the stalrwork.
and also (this bid to be separate from th»
foregoing) for the roofing and sheet metal
work for California Hail, on the grounds of
the University of California, at Berkeley.
California, and said bids, on either one or
on both undertakings, will be received at th»
office of the Regent*. South Hal!. Berkeley,
at or before 12 m. of September 24, tOOV
No b!<!3 will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
ent*r Into a proper contract and give bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations In
accordance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
BullfMnsfs of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITJ OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bi<J<
are solicited for performing the labor and
fui-i.ishtnar the materials' for the fireproof
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, on the grounds of ih-»
University cf California, at Berkeley. Cali-
fornia; and said bids will be received at th-»
office of th« Regents. South Hall. Berkeley.
rt or before 5 p. m. of September 29, 19CI.
No bid* will be considered unless accom-
ranied by a certified check or bond of bid-
der. In favor of the Regents of the University
of California, equal to ten (10) per cent of
his bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if vald bid be accepted the- bidder will
duly enter Into proper contract and giv»
bonJ to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations In accordance with said bid and
¦with the plans and specifications which ar«
hereby required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
BulMlnics of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Actlnar Secretary.
MANUFACTURING clothing — Depot Quarter-
master's Office. 30 New Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1904. — Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received here un-
til 10 a. m.. October 12. 1904. for manufac-
turing and delivering to this department 34C0
dress coats, new pattern as per standard
specifications and sample to be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposals will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
be signed by bidder, enclosed in sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked "Proposals for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1904." C. A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 17, 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be f
' eclved here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October IT.
1904. and then cpened, for the construction of
a brick hospital steward's quarters, at Fort
Mason California, Including plumbing and
wiring. Government reserves the right to
reject or accept any or all bids in whole or
in part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
STOEAGE A5S WAJUBSOT7SS8.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.i tttraltar*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
A — GILBERT * STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping: warehouse. G. O. and Van
Nets: office 1170 Market, r. 43; tet South 790.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.:
phone Mint 2941: JOHN T. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Pri. Ex. 971.
CONXLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gat* av*. : phon* East 124.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 849
Mission sL: tet. Howard fi-41. T. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore st. : phon* Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. IX Montgomery
st.: Ul. Main 1840. Shipping at cut sates.
A WEEK'S news for ft cents — Th* Weekly Call.
18 pages, la wrapper, for mailing. $1 P«r jr*ar.
SEWING MA CHUTE 3 AJTD SUPPLIES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? W* will
trade you a new one for It. Visit the ne-w
retail office of the White Company. 913 Mar-
ket st.. and see th* great collection of ma-
chine art work now on exhibition: 100O new
Whites fcr rent; best machines on earth.
DOMESTIC — The maehln* for family u»e; lest
Is cheapest; second -hand all makssi at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rate*. Poasssn
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth,
A NEW Home, the best second-hand maokln*:
all kinds. $3. $5. $3; guaranteed; wh*r* tb«
doils swing In the window. 10C1 Itarkt st.
gPXCXAL gfOTXCBg. .
THE «mraal meeting of th* lot owners of tl»
Odd Fellows* Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY. September 26. 1004, at 9 a. m.. at th*
office of the association. Point Lobes *»•.,
for the election - of trustees and such other
business that may be legally brought before
It By order of U*« Board of Trustees. - —
WILLIAM E. LUTZ. President.
- GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
TY7ITW&XTEBS AJSTD SXrPPLIBZk
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, Wo. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 5a The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DITOETO HOTlOiaB.
~~ r ~ AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
A dividend of 2% per cent has this day been
declared upon the preferred stock of this
company, payable on October 1.. 1904. to
stockholders of record at the close of busi-
ness September 21. 1904. Th* transfer books
will be dosed as to the preferred stock from
September 22 to October 1. both inclusive.
Checks will he mailed.
R. H. ISMON. Secretary.
. Beotemher 19,. 1904.
% Continued on PageiTw«»Tlb: :
! __£I^TS fro ZmHT.
1 EEz~~ ~~
* iJ^^tZ?* ? at " t0 •*: « immense list;
T£ S • hK>lu t'!y free; take advantage of
NINETEENTH. N. W. cor. Nre— Block to ISth
«-astrj care; sunny warm belt; 3 lovely
2JST 1 ? " > - r " rm urnor fiats, just completed.
?.,.:" Iar f -"tore zooms; must be seen etc.;
S--» to ?;.'<;; weter free.
GREEN. 2132. nr. V.cbster— Most elegart new
10-room upper flat, with attic: sun all day;
superb, unobstructed marine view; $70.
1 LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on L.YON * HOAG. 116 Montjromery st.
COLE. &.V5, near Carl— New modern upper
• fupny flat; (» rooma and bath; rent $32 50.
NKAV sunny tinted middle flat; 0 rooms and
bath: r»nt S30. Cfi32 Pert' st.
Sl*NNY upper flat: 5 room*, bath and yard;
1 »22 50. 16 ghotwell gt.. near Fourteenth.
l.'PPEH fqt: 7 roorrs. storeroom, laundry; fine
marine view. S883 Vallejo st.
BUSH. 1604. below Gough. lower flat— $25; 7
very large rooms: no objection to children.
HOWARD. ~i:;s— e wna and bath: every
room tunny: rent ?25: no children.
j PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fillmore — Flat of
i t> rooms; sun In every room; large garden.
TWENTIETH. 3435. bet. Capp and Howard—
Flat of- sfven sunny rooms; bath; modem.
FLATS TO EET— PTJHNISITKP.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of firs
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
daily between 1:30 and 3 p. m. 79 South
Park. -. " . •
FURNJFHED house for sale, with store; low
rent; 156 First St.. for full information.
PLATS FOB SALE — FXTEITISHED.
FURNITURE 6-room flat, cost $i500. for $2000.
{ including piano and pianola: flat for rent,
owner going East. Apply Janitor Strathmore
Apartments, 207 Lark in. after 2 p. m..
ETOCKTON. 1732 — Flat of 7 well furnished
roonis and bath to rent; furniture for sale;
a bargain; owner leaving the city. Call be-
twoen 1 and 4 p. m.
FOR sale — Swell furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath; cheap. 190 Guerrero st., 1% blocks
from Market st. Call bet. 10 and 2.
FOR Kale — Cheap; 7-room flat, furnished; sev-
cral rented. 807 Van Ness ave.
FOIi yale — Sunny furnished flat. 5 rooms and '
bath. $2T0. 834." fiat A; Howard st.
S350 — FLAT of 9 rooms. STi2 Stanj'an st.. op-
posite park; income $20 clear of expenses.
FLAT of 5 rooms, just newly furnished; $175
If sold at onoe: 'sickness. 313 Kearny st.
ELEGANTLY "furnished 6-rootn modern flat;
ehown from 11 to 1 dally. S24 Geary st.
MCALLISTER. 1SK— Elegantly furnished 7-
rooni flat. Apply mornings. •-•
PTJSSTTUSE FOB SALE.
FURNITURE, stcvee, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barker. 433 VsIencla.nr.lGth.Tel.Church 3S7».
II. MEYER & Co. pay high-st price for fur-
niture, carrtts. etc 782 Mlssion-.tel.Bush 813.
$73 WORTH c-f furniture for $7 00 down $1 60
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
FXTBNITTJES \7AITTEB. ?
ABELEVY^
Htlej-room, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don'» s-?ll your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. etc.. until you get hlg estimate.
EASTERN p«cnle want second-hand furniture;
best trices. NAYLOR. 1217 Geary St.; phono
Larkln 1043.
EELP WANTED — FEMALE. ,
COOK, lunch place, no Sunday wcrk... $8 week
Cook for orphanage $40
2 cooks. American families $30. *•'{!>
5 cooks. German style $30. $:t5
Cook for Monterey, fare paid, no washing. *.^>
Ixiciy's maid $:»0
3 second girls $20, $25.
3 nursegirls. references required $30
3 Ircnfrs lor laundrj" $10, $15
Attendant for bath houss *10 week
Working housekeeper, woman and child $15
Housework. Haywards $30
Kitchen helper, institution *25
Housework, Shasta County, fare here $25
8 waitresses, hotel, city, sleep home S27 59
4 housework girls, Berkeley $23, $30
Cook on ranch $30
40 general housework girls, city and coun-
try $20. $23, $30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..S34 Sutter sU
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES" REOQRD CO.
Experienced cloak and .saleslady, across the
bay. $15 per week.
6 salesladies, gloves, etc.. $7 to $3.
3 waitresses, hotel. $30 and meals.
Retoucher. Sacramento, $12 per week.
Cloak and suit saleslady, country, $21 per
week. .
Notion salesladies, across bay. $8.
Photo printer, $20 week.
M&ny domestic positions open; call at office,
5C9 HEARST BLDG.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
2J9 KEARNY ST. PHONE BLACK 244«.
Waitress, small restaurant, $30 and boani.
3 weil-cducatcd young- ladies, from 18 to 26,
no' experience, salary Al.
Lady in attendance.
BROWER & CROSBY.
A— WAf^TED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school tn West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls- to learn millinery now for
fail season; both seasons tauirht from start
to fiiiUh in cne month for $5; DOitiona as
trimmers, rslefladles. makers, guaranteed
at 510 t>er wk. up; 7 positions to be filled
immediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.: six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
YOUNG lady wanted to addreps envelooes at
the office cf a large local business house;
must be a Quick and neat writer: aDpU' In
own hand writing. Box 1404. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman to do laundry work
and to assist in general housework: refer-
ences required. Call at 1201 Van NAS3 aVe.,
on Tuesouy. September 20, bet. 1 and 2.
WANTED — First-class cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply between » and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' -
LADIKS— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters: ser^d siamoed envelope for particulars.
Ideal Manufacturing Co.. C&aeopolls. Mich.
WANTED — Bright young lady of good appear-
ance to travel with entertainers; experience
not necessary. Call 180S Ellis st.
WANTED— Waitw 1%. Dei Paeo Cafe, S.E.
corner Battery and California sts.
SKIRT hands wanted: also skirt cutter and
shopper/ MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
FOUR pants finishers -wanted on custom pants.
£50 Market St.. room 25.
WET nurse wanted. Apply DR. LEWITT,
600 Van Ness ave., between 1 and 3.
PLEASANT work for energetic lady: extra
fine comr.ilsslcn given. 536 McAllister st. '
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good pay.
631 Clay st
ALTERATION hands wanted on ladles' skirts
and coats. MARKS BROS.,- 1220 Market Et.
WANTED — Hemstltchers. tuckers and finish-
ers ou muslin wear and ladies' waists.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market et.
WANTED — Good maker" at LEHMAN'S mil*
lir.ory store." 1911 ' Mission et., bet. 16th
and 16th. '
WE want waist hands and apprentices; satis-
factory wages, and regular employment.
Sentinel Manufacturing Co., 112 First st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' walking
skirts. A. AARON. 679 Miaelon st.
FIRST-CLAES waist, Ekirt and coat hand*.
Kpply to J. BAER._1200 Geary st.
GIRLS for candy factory; experienced and In-
experienced. Apply 224 Battery st. ~ • ¦'
WANTED — Girl to scslEt in cooking andl light
housework. 1447 Buchanan st.
GOOD cook: private family; $35. 176 Belve-
dere St.. beUFredk & Waller. Cole & Clayton
FIRST-CLASS milliner; good position. Box
1648. Call office.
GOOD German woman for housework: steep
home. MRS. GU1LLIUM. 827 . Montgomery.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to represent local firm; -
free to leave city. Box 145C. Call office.;
APPRENTICES— Wholesale millinery.' HOLM
* NATHAN. W2 Market sV - -• • , c?
_CTI^JWAHn^D^ :: 5lALJC : —r?B*^ inea « .
¦ AT cT^rTIiaNSEN & CO.'S. Emp. Agents.
429 Bush st: — *29 Bush st.
Mew railroad work, Oregon,
A gang of Scandinavians
t for station work, rate tare.
200 teamsters and laborers, new railroad
i work, $2; free fare; free fare; free fare.
100 teamstets.and laborers, Nevada, $2 00;
> fare f7 80; fare J7 60. ; •
Scraper teamsters, new electrical railroad.
$2; fare *1 80.
1 ¦ Experienced apple and grape pickers, $ 1
day and found.
Chef, $75 to $80; second cook and so some
pastry fora club, north, $75; German waiter,
country hotel, $35; nurses for institution,
country, $30; shirt finisher, $40: marker and
distributor, country laundry, $35 and found:
man and wife, private plaoe, country, party
here.
C? R. HANSEN & CO., Emp. Agents.
429 Bush St.— r*20 Bush st.
CLOTHING and furnishing goods salesman,'
$20 week; coachman, $40 and found; man
about place, $:<0 and found; choreman for
institution, ?25 and found; .choreman for
ranch. $30 and found; teamster for mining
co.; $2 50 day; 4 muckers, $2 50 day; 5 car-
penters. $4 day; cabinet-maker, $3 day; 2
woodc hoppers, $1 73 cord; farmers, $30 and
found; farmer and wife, $50 and found;
screw turner for mill, $50 and board, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacra-
mento st.
BUTLER. $10 and found; fry cook, $14 week:
boarding-house cook, $45; waiters, $30 and
$45; dishwashers; oysterman, $43; night
porter for restaurant. $30, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st. - ;
AT CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY, ' . .
14 Third st.. nr. Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.-
•Sawmills. ship to-day, sawmills. •• ,\-
5 mill hands, $30 to $65 and board. . ¦ .
5 lumber pliers. $35 and board.
10 laborers, $2ts and board.
Plasterers, $5 a day. • '- . - ;• :
Plasterers to take contract.
.Milker, 27 cows, $35 and board.
2 house carpenters, city, (4 a day.
4 laborers, quarry, $2 "5 a day. >..
i 2 teamsters, city, $2 25 a day. > ' ¦
5 laborers, steady job, city, $2 a day.
¦Waiter, country restaurant. $10 week and.'fd.
¦ 3 men, pick and pack apples, $30 and found. .
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,' •
642 Commercial st., near Kearny..
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
STEAMER sails to-night— NORTH— Cheap',
fare — 10 laborers, mills and yards, large
lumber company, $26 to $40 and found. CAR-
PENTERS — 5 carpenters, large company. $80
and found: 5 carpenters, build GOLD
DREDGERS. $97 50, steady work; butcher's;
helper, ranch; 5 slaughterers, ?S0; 5 laborers,,
woods, $35 and found. ' . .
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.
635 Washington' st. Phone James 3301. ¦
10 laborers, 15c fare, quarry, $60; 15 team-:
ster-s for Chico, boss here, fare refunded,.'
$67 50 month; 20 teamsters and laborers/
$2 25 day, Butte County: 2 woedchoppera, ¦
mine company. $150 cord; 2 ranchhands,
south, $30 and found; 3 ranch hands, 50c
fare, $1 day and found; 3 lumber pliers, $2 50
day, board in hotel; cook, restaurant, 10c
fare, $30 and found. L."H. CUTTING & CO..
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Gclden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information asr
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc. ;. day
or evenings.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' muslin un-
derwear: permanent position; good salary.
Box 1C58. Call office.
BOYS' and children's clothing salesman. 8. N.
"WOOD & CO.
BOY wanted — Good, etrong boy about 17 years
old to work in shop. Rabjohn's Art Store,
408 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work 8. N. WOOD & CO. *
BARBER for Saturday. 10G5 Market st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and- Sun-
day. 504>4 Broadway. - '
GOOD barber for Saturday. 208 Third .st. .
S WANTEI>— Good barber for Saturday at 605
Fourteenth st.. Oakland. . . , .
BRIGHT boy' to learn trade": good opportunity.*
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
BOYS wanted. Apply ILLINOIS PACIFIC
GLASS CO., Fifteenth and Folsom sts., city.
WANTED— Errand boy. 78 Geary »t., second
floor.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUBr
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT, ROOMS 31 -AND 32. 7TH
FLOOR. 508 MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL
MORNINGS. . . . .
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to. register with us free, of charge HORD
-. & SMITH. 85 Third St.. S. F.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men arid boys to learn • plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. , Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5'
Easton eve.. St. Louis, Mo. '
WANTED — Men rfnd women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars, • Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 260 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — 2 sober. Industrious young barbers;
$25 , per menth. with board, room, clothing
and doctor. Address box 22. Presidio, Cal.
A"ANTED — First-class operators preasers and
finishers; good wages. M. SIMINOFF, 1228
Market st.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade; a
good chance. For particulars call at 751
Mission Ft.
EXFEF.IENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's office The
Emporium.
MEN and women learn the barber trade; wages
paid while learning. HA.IGHT'3. 647 Com-
mercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50: we pay exprsss
charges. 11.3d st.. Exm. bid. :onen till 9 p. m.
WANTED — First-class crockery packer. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BRO«.'
WANTED — First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SHOEMAKERS wanted. CP3 Howard st.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
t.ly RKISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED teacher (gent.), grammar dpt.
prl. school. McNeill Tchr|s Agcy, Flood bldf
CANDY-MAKERS wanted. Apply at F. H.
Bruning's, 621 Seventh st.. Oakland. - -¦ ~
WANTED — Sash and door maker. Pacific
Planing Mills, Berry St.. near Sixth.
WANTED— Three salesmen; . experience ¦ not a
necessity. Box 2180. Call office. , ... ,
TWO boys 16 years old to learn boat building;
one dumb boy preferred. 61* Third st.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
I FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop, with living-
I rooms. Box 1645. Call office.
GOOD barber shop for sale. • Inquire at 320
Montgomery ave. . ¦ ,, ¦..- ,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st,
FOR- sale — 2-chalr barber" shop and 2 house- i
' keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
1 MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re- :
paired by machinery ;sewed soles 10 rain.. 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
. Law and Adjustment Co., 228 Montgy.,r.415* j
SAILORS and ¦ ycung men ¦¦ (green . hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St. '.
PENSION . Atty.. E.A.Bullis.r.40,Pbelan bldg.
-. Past , Com." Oeo. H. Thomas Post. . G. A. : R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar*
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; .¦ reading, rooms: '
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office for The. Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been : opened at 1008 Market st.. * opposite
Fifth. Open until. 11- p. m.
ALL sixes- men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission- St.. bet. 1st and 2d ets.
GET your- shoes .half-soled .while waiting; - 25a
to 60c.- 663 ' Mlsion st. . ¦ bet. ' 1st and 2d «ts. "
'_,'" " SOLICITORS WASTED.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 day. 1114
K Washington st., Oakland, r. 3," 10 to 12 a.'m.l"
EsrpL.OYira;rr wawttd — ma-li:.
IXJCXKKKPPEH ihonrjRh In com*pcade*e«
ajid iirrour.tinff: Al office raan w.th estcj-
Cra a.b'.l:iy. B3~Btef&s and audit*; wapocsjry
or r»t-j-maacnt; hifhcrt references. Uax 1.-52.
Call.
COACHMAN rn-1 chauffeur [Sw*41s&). private
family, pity or cnuntry; long « xptTier.ee in
baths v»-r> l>"vt city and personal re.'s. A«i-
die«s ?{.. 22 Mint ave.. c!ty.
CKKMAN lint IHtkrr war.ty to pet a place lv
th<» city t>r country a> cellar raatt-r or urslKt-
• »t; h.is iri ;-rars" California experience; csn
£l\* »;ocd r< -Irrmces. 1074 Howard St.. r. J4.
YOUN'J Si*n. «s. steaflv and willing to work.
»-wld !:k<- pctltJoa »it!i papoline engfcie firm
• with a vi<'w tu help him lu his Ftuiies. Box
742. 10c> Market J=t.
A YOUNG man anxious to study law, wants
•i : :li-.r> ;n lawyer's office; references. Box
IMS. call.
HALE r.urFe' ami masseur w.iuld like private
ca:-e. mental nr invalid; best of references.
G. W., :27ti EUia st.
rHOltEMAN wants rxjsition en private place:
lnft::. . .. <*r elsewhere; reference*; wages
*.'." a month and found. Box 1CT>7. «'all. •
OOISTKTENT foreman fcr vineyard and cellar.
aiFO .-xp^riciicvd ir. orchard, wishes position.
Plea.-»e ?rr'>" C3O Sacramento st.
POSITION as collector: will furnish horse and
• bersy. Boa 1M2. Call.
KOnKKEErtR-Tcune man. thorough ac-
ccurtant. experlencfd in handling credits
• r.4 eorpe<rpo:rJence. understands It test meth-
ods, dewires situation where eome executive
ability if essential; excellent references; sal-
.•ry moderate. Bex 11C7. Call office.
ATTENDANT or nurse, war.ts position; any
kin4: eirht yeais" experience mental cares;
r -...;-.mt«? training school; nrot-clai's English
er.4 Ameriran references; used to travel.
ll-x. 1MI. Call efflce.
TOt T NG flraugtitsman. graduate from Germany.
with two years" experience In *hop» and two
years' office work in New York, desires
like position In San Francisco. Address F.
LAZARUS. 219 Lenox ave.. New York City.
YOL'NG Italian, well edocatrj. sjund knowl-
•d^e of English. French and Italian corre- :
*l»cnd<*nce. has be»-n in business in Canada
and Ungland. d«=ireR situation in any
capacity; security given. Box 1437. CalL
MIDDLtt-AGED man with several years" ex-
PfTiftnce as collector and salesman In all
branches of iirtallraent business went* a
• »te*iy Jct>: can clve best of reference and '
honi if necessary. Address box 1206. Call.
TCt'NG man. 2S years old. will give $50 to
soy one a*.«:etlr.g him to get steady employ-
ment at fair wairp>; clerical work ¦ preferred ;
. pood references; confidential. Box 1460, Call.
STEADY, reliable ycung man. », expert book-
keeper, desire* place as bookkeeper or assist..
• ith chance cf advancement; first -class refer-
er.cet-- wages iow to begin. Box 1445. Call.
t-'i.'ANDINAVIAN. steady, sober man. wants
wcrk cf.ariy kind; can milk, care for horses;
ro experience in garden wcrk; city or coun-
try. Box 14U, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery- store and bar-
room; first -class references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny et.
WANTED — Situation, hy sn engineer and mi-
«-hinii>t. with » years" experience: also un-
derstands electrical generators, motors, lee
making, firing tilth oil. Box 1245, CalL
NT'RS-X ':na:O. craduate training school,
wish-* case any kind; nm-clare American
acd Eneii*h reference*: thoroughly under-
nandi ivcrk; u»ed to travel. Box 1K0. Call.
YOUNG man. hard worker, wishes position aa
fFMFtant in land surveying, topographical
?•.etching, etc.; airy locality; good draughts-
man; excellent references. Bex lUie. Call.
BOOKKEEPER end caihier. German (2S).
t« rr.ptrate. 12 jeers" experience In office
work: references onJ bond: country pre-
'erred. Box IMS, Ca!l office.
WATCHMAN. rtarriAd man, aged Z\ desires
p. steady position: f.rst-c",eFs rr-ferences. Ad-
Crr^f l.cx lg:7. CaU offlce.
A YOl*NG. sttci!» rr.an. speaks Gprman, Bo-
hen-i-.tn. Pollsh and KTijr;:sh. wants position
m r-crU :n cit3-. Tiex 1W4. Call offlpe.
'.VA*ia'iSO--tnr -rrii^^-sre-i men. rcrttisn a»
e'erk r,r bartr^nrttr in country hotel; best of
r> fer^nce*. Box 1012, Call office.
HFLIACLn steady, svber can wants position
f.s <!ay ct night waterman; city or country.
fCT. Sec'-fcrr.er.to «.. Overland House.
KNGINEEn. rt^sn: can tnake all repairs;
tisve pcod tools: Al references as to ability.
Bvhritty. etc. Address S.. 1C2» Bush St.
FIRcT -CLASS all around man wishes position
!¦>' <Ja>- or week as house and window clean-
er. Address los 21U2. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS. Independent, licensed plnm»*r
wntmork by the day or week; has all n«c-
e«ary shep tools. Eox 1240. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, eix jearn in charge; especially
reec-ir.mesded for accuracy and honesty; $C0
a r r.-.-.h to start with. Box 97S, CaU office.
WANTKD — Situation by experienced collector;
best references given and bond if -necessary.
.*ddrees box 101?. Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLAFS barber wants situation in the
cevr-trr. \Box 3647, CalL
GRADITATE niasseur wants patients or steady
position. Address Box 1459. Call office.
A STEADY. » t<-r German dishwasher wtehes
potition. Please call CS8 Folsom st.
3'inST-CLASS cook wishes a Dosition. TOM
Con. 1110 Ftockton ft.
BOT warts a as errand boy. S Ship-
ley et.
WANTED — A position aa waiter. Box 10C1.
Call office.
FITT."ATION wanted es first-class salecman; Al
references. Box lOfiO. Call office.
BOY wants Job as a cash boy. 013% Tilbert
street.
BOT wants to !earn trace. HERMAN GOLD-
ETEIN. a Ehotwell st.
riX'MBER wants job. 14 La side st.
SHOW card writer wishes position. Box 10C2,
Call olfict
H'»y wsnts poeUlon to learn plumber's trade.
Ui Jessie st.
WANTED — Job as candy maker. HAT
FTRICKLER. g Mary Terrace, off Turk st.
BOY wants ¦ position in a wholesale bouse;
references. Apply at 1226 Eddy st. -
WANTED— Position as drug clerk. EDDIE
KAMi^TER. 20 O'FarreJl st.
GARDENER (German) wlshe* r*s!Uoo on pri-
vate place 1 . Box 1S5R. ri'i office. '
SPANISH-AMERICAN vetcr-'-i needs employ-
ment. 441 Geary St.. room 27.
YOL'NG rid wants light \- ik. Address C F.,
" '¦::••- .. Bush ct.
WANTED — A position es a machinist. Apply
42 Tenth st.
HONE5T. wining young man wants position as
porter and help tend bar. Box 1222, Call.
GOOD Chinese, fine cook, wants position in
private family: wages *35 month up. LEM
KING. 717 Commercial st-
CHOfESS cook wishes petition in city. 133
Waverly p!ace, city.
JAPANESE bey wants position to do saloon
ard rtore cleaning, morning tiro*.' 8. ¦ O.,
15C4 Folsom st.; phone Fclsoni 33S3r
A- JAPANESE, good cook wants a position.
city or country: »a#*f $7 up; or sehoolbpy
tn city. FRANK. «31 Sacramento st.
GOOD Japanese t.or. gentle and honest, wishes
position af housework; epeaks English vrell.
YAMA. 2106 Fillmore St.
A JAPANKFE faithful boy derlree a ptece as
dij-Swartjer or any kind .of work after 7 p.
m. HENRY. 1303^ Ccstro st.
JAPAT^EFE couple wish ;>oeitlcns in family;
man as cook, wife waiter; make themselves
rent-rally useful: best references. Addres*
E. 11.. 349 U HJnast.
A JAPANEEE a« fchoclboy or waitinr and
hnurrwork; family; references. K. I., 121
Haight et.
A HELIABLE Japanese bcr wsnts position as
housf-worker cr hela cook. H. S., 22 Pros-
r>eft j'lace.
A JAPANESE." Kchonl bor wants ooettion in
email family; good cook, YAMAGUCHL 1304
Port et.; tcl. Eutter 4122.
JAPANESE want* position to work after 6 "
o'clock. JAPANESE GEORGE. 422 G«ary.
JAPANESE bey wants *choolbcy position. l<52
Fillnjcrt «rt.
AnrERTISEMENTS. subscription* received at
Os.n Bianch office, cor. Duncan and Church Etc. '
A EeANCH offlcs for CaU a<J?ertls«menr« and •
rubtrriptlces has beea established s4 10M
' VHencl* A. ¦ - ¦ . ¦ - ¦ -¦. • i
\J\ LlJjLIL J S lI\I LIZ-EL' JY\L I I U WAn I AU I A I KUINO™ 1 !* iOLJlf
HELP "WAITED— -MALE.
A— MURRAY fc^EADYT^Tand'SG^aay^st.
Phone Main 584S.
; Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
'• We speak th» German. French, Italian,
l Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
' Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope tg
CO.OOO Men Work. Increase 60.000.
HE IS COMING.
1 25 single and double hand miners, $75 to
$82 60.
5 chuck t?nders, $75; ti muckers, $67 50.
See manager of mine at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY, G31 and <53U Clay st.
ARE YOU~~GOING*TO~ BUTTE?
25 teamFters, special Job, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
FKKE FARE TO YOU.
1 62 laborers, cpikcrs, strappers, track layers,
graders and other claries of work. $60.
; _JIURRAY & READY. 634 and 036 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOSANGELESrSATC
BERNARDINO. RIVERSIDE, POMONA.
' REDLANDS?
TO THE LAND OF SUNSHINE. FRUIT
: AND FLOWERS.
Where mr.n can work every day at $G0 mo.
ORANGE AND LEMON DISTRICT.
i It35 teamsters wanted. $60 month.
Ship by Santa Fe, $4 60. «~
MURRAY & READY. 034 and C36 Clay st.
X. V. T. R. R. OWN WORK— SEE US.
125 laborers, spikers, strappers, track layers,
etc.; ?tea£y Job year round; wages $00.
Cut this out; ask specially for this Job.
X. V. T.
¦MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
FARE REFUNDED! Tit tests you nothing
ALL, DAY HE IS WITH US.
General Manager at our office. See him.
! GREAT GOLD MINE CENTER,
53 two-horse teamsters, wages $60.
49 laborers, you'll do. *C0.
Special R.-R; Fare $2. Steady Jobs for you.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NOT. FAR AWAY — 30c FARE~
35 laborers, anybody will do, light work,
' $30 ard found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay at.
12 BOILER-MAKERS.
12 boiler-makers. 12 boiler-makers,
32Uc to 36>,jc hour. 32Vjc to 3<5%c hour.
Free Fare (Manager at our office) Free Fare
MURRAY- & READY. 634-630 Clay et.
! FACTORY-^FACTORY. ~~"
16 laborers, fare $1, -steady Job, wages $60.
MURRAy & READY. 034-636 Clay «it.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boys or young men, box factory, $35 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay et.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE. «i FRUIT PICKING.
153 men or strong boys.
To pick fruit, work In -packing and dry
houses, $30 and found month.
If you can eat fruit you can pick fruit. •
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
STOCK RANCH^STEADY JOBs!"™
12 two-horse teamsters, fare $4, $30 found.
MURRAY &. READY, C34 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL. "
5 carpenters, ranch, fare $1 30 $40 found.
» carpenters, factory, $3 60 day.
-, FOREMAN BOX FACTORY, $100.
3 woodworker-,' 4 bench hands, $3.
Man make tables, take lead, $3 day.
2 brush makers, country; band sawyer, city.
SHIP CALKKR.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Slack coopers: 2 varnish finishers.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoers, fire -and floor. $4 day.
, Plumber's helper. 10c fare. $1 50 day.
12 PLASTERERS. $4 60.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 630 Clay st.
PRIVATE AND LIVERY STABLES] ~
- • Stablpman. R. R. camp. 50c fare, $30 fd.
Stableman, mine town, fare $4 50. $.15 fd.
16 hoftlcrs. buggy harness cleaners, $C0i
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC.
14 choremen, boys, see us, $15, $20, $30 fd.
26 general farm hands, steady Jobs, $30 fd.
12 milkers, various places, $30, $35 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL JOBS.
Janitor, porter, large bakery. 16c fare, $2 dy.
Boys, learn trades.
BAKERS.
Foreman cake baker. $25 week.
Baker's helper, Uadera County, $30 found.
3 helpers, different bakeries, $20, $25, $35 fd.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS. .
— 5 sheeD butchers. $80. ' ¦ i - ¦» •¦ -
•S butchers, different places. $30, $40, $50,
$60 and found. . . -
4 knife men. $2 75. 3 sausage makers, $14.
WAITERS. ETC.
Oysterman. $45 found.
Walter, fare $5, $30 fd. 2 waiters, south. $30.
3 porters, hotels and saloons. $20, $25, $30 fd.
12 waiters, different places, $23, $30, $35 fd.
COOKS. •
Cook, $40: djshwasher. $15; hotel, mine dts.
Cook ranch fare $1 30, $25 found.
18 cocks, different places, $30, $40, $50, $70
and found.
BELL, ELEVATOR BOYS— BEDMAKERS.
DISHWASHERS.
Dishwasher, rlty Institution, $25 * found.
9 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers, $12 to $16 week.
Polisher, Ironer, starcher. fare $1 60. $2 60
day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED. •
Farmer and wife, man as foreman, wife
cook: 3 men, $65 to $75 fd; fare $3; boss
here.
Farmer and wife, man teamster, wife cook;
dairy; $55 and found.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch; no -woman
there, £40 and found.
\ Farmer and wife; 23 cows; wife cook; 8 men,
$40 and found.
Married farmer, southern town, $30 and fd.
TO THE MINES. v
6 machine miners. $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
16 CARPENTERS, $90,
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
AH roush work; call early; R. R. work.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
6 CARPENTERS, "50c fare, $3 60 day.
15 cjrDentew. 50o fare, $3 day.
3 rtiinglers, 60c fare: $1 per ax.
2 haybalers, AJax cress, l*ic too.
Harness cle&ner, city Job, $60. .
LOOK.
Pattern-maker for mine, $4 50 day.
Screw turner, southeast L. C, $3 day.
Blacksmith, fare $1 30. K. L., $3 day
- LOOK.
Cashier, city hotel, $40 found.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 30, extra good Job.
$50 found. ..- -
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CLERK; young man; our office.
Murray & ready. 634-636 ciay st.
PLUMBERS.
FREE FARE.
6 plumbers, non-union men, $4 day.
butchers:
Butcher, shop, fare 60c, $50.
Man for slaughter-house, boss here, $50 to
$60.
Cook, vineyard, fart $1 25, $35 fd.
LOOK.
2 carpenters, factory, $3 day.
8 carpenters, flume work, $3 day.
2 handy men for carpentering, fare 30c,
140 fd.
Boy. electric shop, $20 fd. •
4 boye, box factory, 14 years old, $1 day.
2 boys, drive 1 horse, ranch, 25c fare, $20 f d
LOOK.
7 men among beans and teams, $32 50 and fa
LOOK.
Well digger, understands gas engine, $40 fd
. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
J 12 neat young men, learn haberdasher busi-
ness. $8 per week and P. Ms.
'Ad writer, ,$100 per month.
\ Polisher, musical Instruments, $5 per day.
2 upholsterers, union wages. .-,• --•>." ;
Window dresser, country, good salary.
Tea and coff*e. salesman, country, $45 and
commission.
Bookkeeper, country, hardware and grocery,
' $50 and found.
75 placer, miners. Alaska. $30 and upward j -
• earned per day.
Good boys wanted. $4 to $6 per week.
20 miners, adjoining Stats, $3 per day. <
Many other positions: call at office.
603 HEARST BLDG. ': ;j' •
AT HORD & SMITH'S. » / '
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st. ' :
Plasterer, city, ?4 or contract. I '
Harness-maker,- camp, $2 and found.
Young man around restaurant, $3 week, i
meals. - -
Baker's helper, $<! and meals.
Nurse, mental case, $35 and found. ' ]
5 two-horse teamsters, $2; 3 scraper loaders, -
$2 25; fare 25c, board $5; no discount; com- *
pany work; long Job.' ¦ ¦ ¦ I
Laundrymen. all kinds, $20 to $35 and found.
Laborers and teamsters, $2, Amador Co., no i
fee and fare refunded. '
Laborers and teamsters all over State.
Victor Gahegan. blacksmith, please call.
" EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
219 KEARIM I ST. ' PHONE BLACK 2446.
Floor salesman." kitchen utensils, $50 mo. j
Packer for household goods, $15 wk.
Druggist, city, $75 mo.
S delicatessen men, city, $12 to $15 wk.
Driver ¦ hotel ' bus, , city, Al salary.
Boy. to learn photo supply bus., $6 to start. i
Salesman, household ¦ goods, $50 . mo.
"Driver, city delivery, union man, 112 wk.
BROWER & CROSBY. <
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12— e
. Night clerk., $25; chef, $80; porter. $15. ;¦/:
DISHWASHER wanted, 028 Fourth ft.;: no i
Sunday worlt. r ¦ . ¦•-_. .-¦¦¦' ¦.?« ;The English .';- promoter is getting
ready for : events in the> land' of the
Lama. In one day .In 7 London ! recently
the following new. companies .were reg
istered : Copper Mines of Tibet, Lassa
Gold , Mines/ Lassa } Exploration Com
pany, Lead Mines .of Tibet;: Tibet Min
ing and Finance Company," Tibet • Mines
and ; MineralB Company.vnbet Explora
tlonV Company,' Tibet ' Corporation' and
Coldfields*o£ TlbeV/ , "^ ' ; .' ' ''^rr^_
To Exploit Tibet.
William H. and Susie R. Clark to Miles
Byrne lots 5 and 6. block 41, Suntiyside; $10
rotate of Joseph P. Hale (by Anals Hale,
administrator) to Josephine C. H. Boyle lot
11^ 11181^. 8^ 18 '
Da'vTd^^iker; K^ $ ""^ tO
Same to Bame/sarae; $10.
' City and County of San Francisco to Stephen
V. Casady, lot on N line of Greenwich street.
146:10% E of Polk, E 37:4% by N 137:6; $——!
Francis M. and Alicia Hatch to Ludwlg M.
Hoefter. lot on S line of Washington street, 105
W of Buchanan. W 32:6 by S 127:8%;$——.
Matthaus A. Edelmann to Julia Ludln. lot on
S line of Waller street. 172:6 E of Webster,
E 25 by S 137:0. quitclaim deed; $5.
Julia Ludln- (Kiszler). (wife of Charles) to
Wilhelm and Julia Claus. same; $10.
John P. Doherty to Elizabeth T. Doherty,
lot on S 'line of McAllister street, 87:6 E of
Fillmore, .E 23 bv S 100: al;o Iot on S line of
Clay street. 102:0 W of Baker, W 35 by S
102:8%: also lot on N line of Pine street, 26:3
E of Stelner. E 25 by N 80: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to James
F. -Smith, lot on N line of Broadway, 122:6
E of Stelner, E 27:6 by.N 137:6; $ .
- Same to Rose T. McNamara, lot on S llne of
Oak street. 87:6 E of Stelner. .E 27:6 by S
112:C;? .
Melanie Levy to Helene L. Chamberlain,
Hortense I. ' Levy «knd Jeanne L. Schnltzer. lot
on N line of McAllister street, 82:6 W of
Pierce, W 65 by N 137:6; gift.
Henrj' A. Wegener to Mollie Wegener (Haaf),
lot on SW corner of Waller street and De- Long
avenue. W SO by S 110; gift.
Estate of John Lyons (by H. L. Grlnnell.
administrator) to F. J. Castelhun. lot on NE
line of Eleventh street, 225 SE of Folsom, SE
60 by-NE 205; $11,250.
Jennie N. and S. .W. ; Fuller to John H.
Graves.' lot on ¦ N line of Hill street.' 125 E of
Guerrero, N 138, E 75, S 24, W 25, S 114, W
60: $10. - . ¦
John O'Keefte to Clara* M. Hammett, lot on
N line of Eighteenth street,^ 127:6 W of
Church. W 27 :6. - N . 128:4%. . SE 2S:9%, V S
llft:9?4; $10.
Mary Ullrich (Echgelmeier) to Henrietta
Schneider and Amelia Seifke. lot on W line
of Sanchez ' street. 25 S of Ford, , S 25 by W
100; glf t. > 'i^csMwnm
. John ¦ Kerrigan to T. S.'Catlett. lot on NW
corner of Noe and H1U streets, W. 30 by N 78
$10.¦£«-¦:. ¦" ',"-'¦¦ : '-'<¦ ¦ r ; ' •-.,' ;¦¦' ./-;••¦ :....;
. Annie : K. Gill to Walter and Elizabeth Bir
mingham, lot on E line: of Castro . street. 60 S
of Sixteenth. S 25 by E 87:6; $10/*.
• - Jane Floyd to Emanuel G. . Fritz, lot . on' "W
line of Treat avenue, 204: N of ..Twenty-fourth
street.. N 26 ; by W. 100: $10.
Kate Zlmmer to Michael J. and Mary Kelly
lot- on E. line of Harrison street. 23 S of
Twenty-sixth, . S 25 by E 100; .$150.v. ¦_ ,; ;.¦¦¦¦
. . Peter . J. ; Shaw . to : Sven . and , Karolina - Pera
son. lot on SE corner of .Elizabeth and.San
chez streets. S 64. by E 10O; .$10. - .-- .
'Julia A. and. Jobs E. Kcyt to MAzbaR^paa*
xr~\ aS Co ™P an J r »«> George Ryan, lot on
NE line ot Tomasca street. 67:6 NW of Butler
avenue. NW 2S:0. NE 70:10, E 25, S 850s»
being lots 9 to 11, block 2, Franconla; $10 '
lofon* f" Hn» Sti f lT v y , Baker t0 Peter Ferrari,
lot on K line of Princeton street. 160 S of
Slllman, S 23 by E 120. being lot 11, block
71 Railroad avenue Extension Homestead; |l0
Kate or Kathe Stoesser (wife of Otto D
th^T- £ 0I ?T erly , Kate E - to An-
K?ri7f 1° t ? r^ t> Iot on S llne of Eighteenth
l 1 / 6^'^' 1 E o£ Danvers, E 25 by 8 121 belnjf
block 2, Pioche and Robinson subdivision- $10
Abraham and Charles Rosenstein to Oscar
Heyman lot on NE line of Girard streetT 198
N , W^°o ByrroWB . NW 50 by NE 120 being
block 3, University Mound- $10
int Ja °«°v> He> ; m S?. t0 Jacob He y™an Company,
rift 8 Zl an . d 82^ Si" map 2 - also 560
Gift map 1, and all property In California;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James Glbney (owner) with Daniel Powers
(contractor).' plans by owner — AH work for
alterations and additions to make a two-story
and - basement } frame ¦ building on lot com
mencing at a point 40 8 from SW corner of
Laguna and O'Farrell streets, W 100 by S 25
Western Addition 229; $4000.
• The Townsend Company : (owners) with C.
Chisholm & Son (contractors), architect* Sat
ton tt Week*— Al} work (or. a firamo and gii-.
Frank A Martin (owner) with J. V. Camp
bell (contractor). architect — All work for
a two-story, frame bulldlne on lot on W line
of Sixth avenue, 35 S of'Hugo street, S 25 by
W 05: S4447.
J. T.^and Jane Cairns (owners) wtth F. F
Ralston (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh-
All work for a three-story frame building (six
flats) on lot on E line of Mississippi street
100 S of Nineteenth. S 50 by E 100; $9994 50
Same owner with Ickelhelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architects same— Plumbing.' gas fit
ting and sewers for same on same: $1150.
Isidor Fenster (owner) with J. A. Broad wood
(contractor). architect — All work for a
two-story frame building on E line of Ninth
avenue, 125 N of California street. N 25 by E
120 "Outside Lot 79; $2517. »
William F. Garms Jr. downer) with Robert
Trost (contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — Excavation, brick, concrete, carpenter,
mill and iron work, mantels, hardware, glaz
ing, tinning,. lathing and plastering for a three.
etory frame building on N line of McAllister
street. 30. E of Broderick," E 32:6 by N 112:6;
$8247.
Jacob J. and Edith Jacobl to Joseph Bran
denstein, lot on W corner of Mission and First
streets, NW 55 by SW 60; $10.
Annie M. McLea to Charles H. Holbrook Jr.*
lot on SB line of Folsom street. "0 NE o£
Third, ND 67:6. SE 93:6, SW 87:6. NW 22,
SW 30, NW 71:6; $10.
John J. and Emerlta A. Lermen to John
Caffrey. lot on SW line of Langton street, 250
NW of Folsom. NW 25 by SW 75: $10.
Bridget Burke to Katberine E. Mackey (wife
of Patrick) and Ellen M. Kerrigan (wife of
James), lot on NW line of Clementina street.
225 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by NW 75: also
lot on NW line of Clementina street, 20O SW
of Eighth, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Ida O. Hogdon (wife of Herbert F.) to
Real Estate and Development Company, lot on
NE line of Seventh avenue. 182 :5H SE of
South street, SE 54:10 to Sixteenth. E 4:2.
NE 80:8%. SW 98:5%. lot 1. block 84, Salt
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
J. McEntee iSulllvan), lot on, E line of^ Ne
braska atreet. 100 S of Twenty-third. S 60 by
J5 100; J — . .
Eug»ne Marguerite and Georges Le Rot
to Mercantile Trust Company, lot on W line of
First avenue. 4SS:0 N of Lake street, S 200.
W 27:6%, NW 200:3%, E 17:6; $10*.
Pacific Realty Company (corporation) to
tame, lot on W lln« of First avenue. 4SS:«
N of Lake street. S 200. W 27:6ft, N 200:3%,
E 17:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
to Eugene Le'Roy. lot on E line of Tlbbits
tract. 27:6% W of First avenue and 2S8:6 N
of Lake street. W »2:594. S 201:2%, NE
82:7%. NW 206:4%; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary E. Boon*,
lot on E line of Seventeenth street. 271:1 S
of California, S 60 by E 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to George B.
and Harriet A. Crooks, lot on \S line of Sec
ond avenue. 175 S of A street. S 25 by W 120;
Jacob Heymon Comoany to Jacob Welssbeln.
lot on SE corner of Forty-seventh avenue and
C street E S2:6 by S 100; also lot ca SW cor
ner of Forty- sixth avenue and C street. W
107:6 by S iOO: $10.
John Edward and Kate Duffey to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 100
N of" L street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Bern
hard Getz. let on E line. of Eleventh avenue,
225 S of O street. S 25 by E 120: $ .
Charles M. and Mary Maisel tc W. F. and
Lena Bauer, lot on N line of Palmetto street.
130 E of CaDltol, E 33. N 114. E 27. N 36.
W 60, S 160, beinc block B, Railroad Home
stetid; $10. ." ' . '
Mary G. Grady to HUma C. Allen. lot on
N corner of Lisbon and Italy streets. NE 25
by NW 100, being lot 5, block 22; ExceUlor
Homestead: $10. a .
Baldwin & Howell '(a corporation) to David
Rodrick. lota 10 and 11, block 3, subdivision
1, Castro-street Addition: $10.
Caspar Fitch to Julia McCarthy. Jot on NW
corner of Railroad and Salinas avenues. - X
25:0?4. W 92 :8T, (95:814). 8 25:0%, B 03:1.
being lot 1. block 1, Garden Tract- also lot on
W,line of Railroad avenue 25:0% X of Salines.
N 25:0?,. W 83:4%. S 25:0U. E 92:8!4, be
ing lot 2, block 1 same tract: also lot on W
line of Kentucky street. 275 N of Colusa, N 23
by W 100; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Iel3. lot on N Una of Army street, 207:6 W
of Guerrero. N 115:4%. SW 84:8%. thence 94
to Army street. E 27:6; $10.
A. F. and Annie L. Sepra to William C
Boelln, lot on E line of Sanchez street, 140
N of CliDper. N 22 by E 81:8%; $10.
Sven and Karolina Persson to Hans J. and
Theodlne M. Hall, lot on S line of Alvarado
street. 204:7 E of Noe, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Peter J. and Louisa Rothmann to Eugene
McCormlck. lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth
and Hoffman streets, W 25 by S 85; $10.
There are 382,000,000 Chinese speak
ing the same language, making Chinese
the most spoken language. Thero.ar.e
so many dialects which are entirely
different that they seem scarcely to
belong to the same tongue. The In
habitants of Mongolia and Tibet can
barely understand the dialect of tha
people In Peking. Putting Chinese
aside, the most spoken languages are
as follows. In millions: English 120;
German 70; Russia 63; Spanish 44; Por
tugese 32. — New York Commercial. '"¦
vanlzed Iron warehouse on NW I!n« of King
street. 375 SW of Seventh, SW 175 by NW
264; $22,500.
C. G. Larsen (owner) with O. C.' Sweeney
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdcrttsi^—
Plumbing, gas fitting, sewer work and stand
pipe for a eix-story and basement brick build
ing and a three-story and basement brick build
ing on N Una of Eddy street. 137:8 E of Ma
son.' E 25, N 65:6, E 60, N 24, E 35, S 89:8;
$1579.
William MIntzer (owner) with Charles Stock
holm (contractor), architect Albert Fair — All
work for a two-story basement and attic hrtcJc
dwelling on NW corner of Pacific avenue and
"Webster street. W 54:2 by N 110; $23,0CO.
Charles Fritz (owner) with T. J. Curry
(contractor). architect — All work for a
three-story frame (store and two flats) on NW
line of Mission street. 45 SW of Valencia. SW
25 by NW 100; $6500.
The Most Spoken Language.
20 Giant Powder Con 64 80
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 63 50
, 10 Hutchinson S P Co 10.75
20 Makawell 29 2ft
30 Oceanic S S Co. a 90 ..... 3 CO
50 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 75
$3,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 97 00
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 1C2 25
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5a 101 00
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. cash.. 110 00
$21,000 Associated Oil Co 5 per cent. . 70 00 .
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. .129 00
10 Giant Powder Con .-. .. 64 25
¦ 10 Giant Powder Con, b 10. ...... *U 25
20 Giant Powder Con 64 0O
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 03 00 .
10 Hutchinson S P Co 10 75
50 Kilauea Sugar Plan Co .4 50
5W Mercantile Trust Co 230 CO
100 Paauhau S P Co V. ... 16 25
100 Spring Valley Water Co...... M» 00
$2,000 Cal Gas & E L G M & C T 5s. 81 25
$3,000 Spring Val Water 4s (3d mtge). 9i> 00
Street—
$5,000 Geary-st Railway 5 per cent.. 55 00
$3,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 89 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
i Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
i Bay CPC 6s. 98% — | S P C R 4s. — 100
] B L Wat Os. — 117%| S P Co 4tfs.l00»i —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112^1 Sun Tel 6s... — 115
•M C Wat 8s, 100 — | Do 5s . 104 —
Rls I Wks 5s — 105 | Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
I SF & NP Bs.112 — | UB Of SF 4s. 84% —
i MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
j Ala S Co... 27 28^ Lon& SF Bk. — 60
. Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.193 —
Cal G&ECor. 45 48 N S R R Co. 9M —
CJockeyCl.110 — N Cal P Co. — t%
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.120
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 105 IOOF Hall A 6tf —
Cen Bk, Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. — WJ4
Chutes Co .. — 6% PacC Ca« Co. 125 —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% Paraf Paint. 89 —
East Dymn..300 — 8 F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 80 SF&SJ Coal.. 17% 30
Do com .. — 60 8 J Wat Co.103% — .
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 40c 65c Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 , — Truck Elect.. 11U —
Gas Con A.. — 22% UR InC pfd. 66% —
Hono P Co.. 25 28 Do com ... 14 —
Do pool .. — 27% :;
;-' SALES. '
Morning Session.
Street— ' •>.''.
$8,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 90
Afternoon Session.
Board — >
.-, J! 0 . orth "n Cal Power Co. 8 50
g.MO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 00
$4,000 United R R of S F 4s. b 6 85 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- I
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦ Morning Session. t
1500 Alpha 10 300 Mexican .86
J00 Andes 17 150 Ophlr 2 15
WO Belcher 80 600 Potosi 10
200. Caledonia .... 60 100 Savage IS
200 Con Cal & V.I 10' 400 Union Con.... 87
200 Crown Point.. 14|
'--•';-',' Afternoon Session.
200 Crown Point.. 15 100 Mexican 87
200 Gould & Ctir. 18 SOO Ophlr 2 20
52°. Hale & Norc. 60 100 Seg Belcher... 12
400 Hale & Norc. 69 600 Union Con. ... 88
100 Julia OS 300 Yellow Jacket. 13
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
/Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
75 Goldileld Mhk 20 300 Mont Ton ...1 80
1000 Jumbo 94 1000 Paymaster ... 04
1200 MacNamara . 34 200 Ton Midway . 39
100 Mont Ton ...1 65 300 Ton of Nev... 8 00
100 Mont Ton.. 1 67% 100 Ton N Star... -18
400 Mont Ton ...1 70
-:':.- j Afternoon Session.
1000 Goldfleld SPk. 18 1000 Sandstorm ... 83
1300 MacNamara . 34 1000 Sour Mash.... 07
1000 MacNamara . 33 200 Ton Midway. . 39
500 Mont Ton..l 77%| 600Ton N Star... 19
150 Mont Ton ...1 80|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. IB— 3 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice 09 11
Alt* 08 10 Kentuck 05 06
Anie. 17 19 K. Graessler.. — 85
Belcher ..... 81 32 Lady Wash .. — 05
Best & Belch. 1 10 1 20 Mexican 87 99
Bullion 23 25 Occidental .... 75 85
Caledonia 63 64 Ophir 2 15 2 "5
Challenge ... 18 20 Overman 20 22
Chollar 12 14 Potosi H 12
Confidence... 75 85 Scorpion .*..... 05 07
Cal Cal & V.I 05 1 10 Savage .... 16 17
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 11 13
Con N Y 08 06 Sierra Nev.... 81 S3
Crown Point.. 14 16 Silver Hill.... 48 60
E. Sierra Nev 03 06 St. Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 03 05
Exchequer ... 60 62 Union Con 88 89
Gould & Cur. 18 19 Utah 10 12
Hal© & Norc 59 60 Yellow Jacket. 15 18
Julia OS 09
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid A«k
Adams ...... 07 -Nev Chief ... 01 -
Colehan — 05 Paymaster ... 03
Columbia .... 25. — Qulncy 07
Esperanza ... 01 02 Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Gold Anchor. — 25 Ray Ton -ift
Q»ld Bluebell. 09 — Red Top is in
(Wldfleld B&B 14 —Rescue...'. " 09 1O
Goldfleld Mln 72 75 Ton Belmont. 64 68
Goldfleld Mhk 18 —Ton & Cal — «o
Goldfleld S Pk 17 — Ton Exten "l 20 _
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton & Gt 'w' 03 _
S 01 * 1 ,^, 0 , 00 - ~ M Ton Gol <l Mt.' 16 17
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton Midway. 89 40
Jim Butler .. — 64 Ton of Nev.i 8 00 —
Jumbo 84 1 00 Ton N Star..'. 20 —
Littlp Ton . . 20 — Ton & S Lake. 61 —
MacNamara . S3 — United Ton . . 04 05
MIzpah Exten 17 —Utopia .... r© ™
Mont Ton ...1 SO - West End 13 _
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 16.— In ex
ecutive session to-day the California
Methodist Episcopal Conference passed
upon the Qualifications of candidates
for admission to the ministry. Gustaf
A. Werner, Fred W. Axe. B. J.
Schneider, F. R. Gillette, Robert J.
Coyne, Woo Pying* King, N. M. Par
sons, M. W. Frary, L>uyonoshin
Kawashima and Wilfred Kent were ad
mitted on trial. Woo Pying Kinjr 1*
a Korean, the first ever admitted to
this conference. H« has a charge in
Hawaii. Tokujl Komura, David Rals
ton, Edwin H. Smith, G. A. Reeder and
Samuel Quickmire were admitted to
full membership. Edward D. Raley wai
elected to deacon's orders.
» The case of F. A. Morrow, regarding
whose character numerous unfavorable
reports have been in circulation for
some time, was brought up. Morrow
has been holding a supernumerary re
lation for the past three years and his
request to be given a charge this year
has resulted in the demand for an In
vestigation of his character. A com
mittee of inquiry, consisting of W. W.
Case (presiding). A. J. Hanson, T. A.
Towner, Ell McCllsh. Thomas Filben,
J. F. Jenness, A. C. Welch, F. D.
Bovard, W. T. Mayne, G. W. Beatty,
T. A. Atkinson, J. B. Chynoweth, John
Stephens. George W. White and W. S.
Urmy, was appointed to Investigate
the rumors regarding Morrow and de
cide whether they form sufficient basis
for a trial.
The committee spent all the after
noon in session behind closed doors
and examined many witnesses. As a
result of the testimony adduced spe
cific charges are being formulated, and
at to-morrow morning's session the
accused minister will *be formally
charged with' flagrant immorality.
The offenses alleged extend back over
a period of eight years to the time
when Morrow had a pastorate in Sac
ramento.
Dr.- J. D. Hammond, who was sus
pended from ministerial duties for one
year at the last conference, having
been found- guilty of imprudence and
unministerial. conduct, has applied for
appointment to a charge, and it is
more than likely that when the names
of the different ministers are called
his character will be passed without
question, and that he will be restored
to full membership in the conference.
There is practically no opposition to
Dr. Hammond's restoration to full
membership.
At the annual meeting of the Lay
Association to-night the following
were elected: President, L.*lu Dennett
of Modesto; vice presidents, I. D.
Jamie8on of Alameda and Miss Carrie
C. Davis of San Francisco; recording
secretary. B. L. Weymouth of Pacific
Grove; corresponding secretary,' James
E. White of San Francisco; treasurer,
F. I*. Turpln of San Francisco.
BAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 16.— A se
rious wreck took place thia morning
upon the Barnhill branch of the Santa
Fe, thirty miles from Goffs, when . a
mixed train ol three passenger car*
and a number of box cars was derail
ed. The coaches were thrown over a
high embankment, turning completely
over. Many people were Injured and
an unknown man, supposed to be a
miner from Searchlight, was killed.
The train was running thirty miles an
hour over a portion of the road, which
had been undermined by washouts, but
whfch was considered safe. The em
bankment had sagged In some place*,
however, causing the derailment.
The news of the accident was car
ried to Goffs by some of the trainmen,
who had to walk all the way, arriv
ing there late this evening. A wrecker
carrying a physician was dispatched
to the wreck from Needles and th«
Coroner has been notified of the fatal
ity. The list of Injured and the ex
tent of their injuries is unobtainable
owing to the remote locality of the ao»
cident. ;,. . . v > : ¦ vf">*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accident Caused by Sagging
of Tracks in Section Where
Recent Washouts Occurred
Little Opposition Appears
to Request of Divine Sus
pended at Last Conference
MAY RESTORE HAMMOND
3TAXY PERSONS INJURED
Accused Minister Is to Be
Formally Charged by the
Investigating Committee
Disaster Overtakes Santa Fe
Train on Branch Line
in Southern Part of State
MAN IS KILLED
IN RAIL WRECK
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen^
MORROW MUST
STAND TRIAL
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; SEPTEMBER 17, 1 1904.
12
BOOMS TO *GET-— *Furn. and TTnfnrn.
LARGE rurnlshed ! front . room ; windows | east,
south, west. 1K511 Durant ave., Berkeley. *
I.ARKIN, 4tn.V — NteS yunr.y back parlor, with
I runt'inK water: >-uitabl<» lor tne. ; ,
L/iRKIN, M'-Mi' — Large, sunny, front room;
Miitahle Jor lady ur gentleman; $12 per
mouth.
.. i
i UAEKIS, 11. bet. Sth and Oth, off Mission—
, Front room >uite; 1 or 2 friends. ,
MARKET. 003— Suites and single rooms to let.
MARKET. ic:!3 — Furnished rooms, day. week
, or month, to let. '
MARKET. 1040 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
hot, cold water, elevator; windows for parade.'
MAKOX. 514, nr. Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
suite or Eingle; reasonable. ¦
MINNA, 1034 — Sunny front room; private
family. . .' "
MISSION. 673 — Sunny room; $1 week.
MISSION. 2247— Rooms to let.
OCEAN Boulevard, 1522; Forty-ninth ave., nr.
K — Furnished rooms.
OCTAVIA. 1157, Ellis-st. car. Jefferson Park-
Well furnished rooms; gas, bath, phone.
PAGE. 1776 — Three front unfurnished rooms.
PIL'RCE, 251 — Sf-ven sunny rooms, and bath; |
rent cheap. ¦ -- :'l: : '"¦ r ;
J PIKE, 732 — Large sunny front room and bath;
French private family; reference. i
POST, 889 — Large . furnished room, running
water. > ~\. * i.
SACRAME?*TO, 1642— A neatly furnished front
¦ hall room In private family. .
BUTTER, 1105— Large bay-window front rms.;
running water; $3 and $3 60 per week.
SEE first our free list of rooms before you rent
any; we direct you without any charge.
BATHIAyS AGENCY. 235 Kearny st.
SOUTH PARK, 104— Large »unny furnished
¦ basement; also large parlor; light house-.
keeping. '
THE Larchmont. 861 Sutter— New brtck bldg.,
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths: $3 to $6 week.
THIRTEENTH. 238— Nice furnished room,
suitable for gentleman; only $0.
TURK. 1159— Nice. furnished rooms; new
. house; select neighborhood. -
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — iOO
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 roome;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choioe
furnished rooms from 15c per night up. •
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened a't 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
i\ BOO^IS^A^-riJJBOABD^
VALLEJO, 1130, cor. Leavenworth, 1 block to
Hyde-st. car — Newly furnished, sunny front
rooms; running water; excellent home cook-
Ing; yard; laundry; phone; private family;
young couple preferred; reasonable. }
ROOMS and board; very reasonable ; private
house; suitable for two gentlemen; refer-
ences; excellent table. 1263 Octavla st.
ROOM and board In private family; single or
double; 2 blocks from Park; reference. 26
B et., bet. 1st and 2d aves.. Richmond Dist.
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furnished rooms, with best
of French table board; gool location; reas.
EDDY, 1128, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
LARGE, sunny room and board, $5 week. 323
First st.
MASON, 615A, nr. Sutter — Sunny room and
board in private family. . .
O'FARRELL. 910— Sunny large furn. room,
with good board and run. water; reasonable.
ROOMS and board to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 160 Golden Gate ave. . .
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
P96. . •
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
807 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOMS AND BOABJP WANTED.
YOUNG man wishes board and residence In a
private vegetarian family; state terms and
particulars. Box 1810. Call office. •
: *9 O 3* S _?? A^?!55: Iuj
WANTED — 3 communicating rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; 2 adults and boy of 13;
within 20 minutes' walk of ferry: state
terms. Box 1471, Call office.
YOUNG man wants furnished room In German
family or widow's home; state price. Box
1643. Call office. . _^^
BOOM-RENTING AGENCT.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996,
or call at 117 Sutter et.
VIAVI.
VIAVI.
A way to health. Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
WINDOWS TO VIEW PABAPE.
GORE, co-ner Market, Powell and Eddy sts. ;
large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 6.
MARKET. 1019 — Finest and best view In city;
reas. to parties, single seats. McDowell parl.
STJTOTEKIOTQ AND STAMMEBING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. m S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Giovanni Caputo, 26. 626 Broadway, and t
Ellsa Vanacora, 18, 626 Broadway.
Charles H. Shepman. 28. 1053*4 Golden Gate '
avenue, and Medey C. Corbett. 19, 1287 Turk. !
Robert L. France. 31 city, and Violet R.
Jacobs. 21. 1230 Pine street.
' Adolph Benedetti, 22, 1S94 Union street, and
Margaret Cottermole. 18. 1940 Filbert street.
Ernest A. Herger, 24. 326 Fifth , street, and
I Theresa A. Doran, 19. 1039 Howard street.
1 Edwin, L. Willow, 29, Bakersfleld, and
j Frances A. Foran, 30, Bakersfleld.
Thomas Payne, 31. 241 Fifth street, and
Emily Hardwick. 27. Whetstead, England.
Alfred D. La Motte. 21, 945 Post street, and
Florence L. Lyons. 18. 945 Post street.
Leon L. Gummow. 21. 603 Valencia street,
and Lulu K. Welden. 21, 23 Harriet street.
BiETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi
- Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mtll will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in nl either of the publication offices and | be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. . ' . ¦
BOR.V. — —
ALLISON— In thle city. September 14, 1904. to
the wife of Edmund L. Allison., a son.' -'
BENNETT — In Berkeley. ' September ' 10. 1904,
to the wife of Fred A. Bennett. l a daughter.
SCHEBUNE— In this city, September 11, 1904.
to the wife of <Edwln Scheeltne. a daughter'.
WHITLOW — In Alameda, September 7. 1904.
to the. wife of William .Whitlow (formerly
Salome Waltz), a daughter. \ ,
marriedT
BABCOCK— LACAY— In this city. September
16. 1904, by the Rev. Dr. ' E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English ¦ Lutheran Church - Ray-
mond Babcock of New York City' and Julie
N. Lacay of this city. -
JOHNSON— ANDERSON— In : this city Sep-
tember 14, 1904, , by the Rev. Dr. * E. ¦ Ne- ¦
lander, pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church, John August ¦ Johnson and Anna
Lovlsa Anderson, both of San Jose- Cal
KEENAN— MUSTO— In this city. September 14
1904. by the Rev. Father C. A, ¦ Ramm Jo-
seph B. Keenan and Carlo tta L. Musto. 'both
of San Francisco. '
RINES— HERBERT— In this city. September
15. 1904, by the Rev. Frederick A. > Doane
James Bert Rlnea of : Marshalls, A Marln
County,* Cal., and Norhie :" E. Herbert of
Bloomfleld. Sonoma County. CaL ¦'. :.,,...-:
DIED. ' ~ ~~
Benson. William C. ' \ McAdams • i Jane* '
Burke, ; Bridget Millar, James D. •
Cameron. ' Hannah M. .Montgomery. Edward
Cassell, ¦ Leopold . Morgenthau.- Annie \
Clavere, Jean- . < — Murdock. ' Catherine
.Coburn. Henry H. . Payne, Katie v . ,.-
Dugan. Patrick ' ;..\ Rose - Perelra, Frank
"Duggan, Patrick . , ' Shafer. Eva "- -•• ¦;-
thomas~mageFT"soxs.
real estate agents.
5 MONTGOMERY STUt-ET.
NEW PROPERTIES.
«- vkw--« cood Cits net far from Pacific and
J-JiiT Always remed; bring $03 a month.
« s -50_Btnu 4*0 6° ¦ month. Flats on a ¦
$ '^fin itrwt. only 1* blocks from Mar-
fi; CCO— North of Market: lot 30x137:6. Excel-
' Irm eUe for Crst-clas« flats.
fSO.OOO— Fourth-st. purchase. Excellent pros-
I^cuve property. .
iwU-s^.i* —¦'¦"
in all the room*: rents near!> $U0 a
can be tad If desired.
PROPERTIES OFFERED" BT AN ESTATE.
Lanre uiece cf land on Van Neas avenue; ex-
£eltent eStTftw ramily hotel or club pur-,
poees.
«it Tsa— Western Addition corner; rented very
' ' i7w <£ $114 a month- 160 feet frontag.
on 2 sTreeta. Covered with good frame
buUdls****.
$57.600-3- story brtck building, "i**** 1 ,,£.,£!?
tenant. In the manufacturing district.
IZS J«et of frontage on two streets.
Chclcst lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract- level as a billiard table: on street
grade : close to fine school; not far from tne
Missicn-ft. >!ectric cars: secure one" an j
in-.c*-mer.t and by the Urn* It Is paid for It .
wi'l have doubled in value the way prices ,
hav« advanced during the past year; buy
row bercre prices become prohibitive In thl*
rasiJly growing section.
w . j. WHITE.
26 Mcntromtry st.. r. B. Phone Main 5704.
BANK pioperty at auction. Sept. 17. 7:30
p. m.; cottages and vacant lots in the Mis-
sion; 1-5 cash, balance eaey terms.
D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 21st aaa 22d.
A SL-000 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual j
Hon;c Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
HOUSE for sale; 4 rooms and bath, with fin-
ished bas-e-r.ent. 71S Vermont St.. bet. 19-20.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plsmbers. S36 Howard st.
FOR sale— Elf'g^nt flats; hardwood finish; beam
ceiiincs; all modern improvements; largts j
lots: mate offer; 625-627-631-633 Frederick.
6AM GL/ASS, builder. 484 Frederick St.
MATZO BEAI* ESTATE^^^^
HAYWAKD TRACT.
HAYWARD TRACT,
SAN MATEO.
We have been telling
you about it all the
»¦•¦ "n Sr-r in is in Saturday's Poet
and Sunday's Bulletin.
No lot so'd before JO a. m.,
Monday morr.irg, September 19.
Many deposits on account of lots
have already been retused.
First one in line has first pick.
BK ON HAND MONDAY MORNING.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST. *r-
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
tric care; 45 rr.ir.ufs Irom 5th and Market
sta.: outside the fog belt and Just beyond
mbere the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "¦cutoflT"
v.::i join tbe main line; second subdivision
row being offered; 50-toot lots from $400 up;
term*, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a tr.c.r.th: sewer and water pipes In
'rent cf every lot: pure artesian well water;
ha." the lets in subdivision No. 1 were sold
Is two weeks: an exceptional opportunity
to eecure a lot in this desirable section on
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
cS at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
HELBY, RODGERS & CO..
Tel Main 673. 116 California st. . " ? <¦
A BRANCH office of The * -11 for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 10OS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
KEAX. ESTATE^OTTMTOTj- Tor Sale.
TO investors or home seekers In the river dis-
trict of Kern County — I have 320 acres of
rich esrricu'.tural land in heart of oil region,
only V2 mile* from Bakrrsneld; will sell as a
whole or pubdiviFicns; on main county road,
nr. railroad and canal; cash or "4 on mtge.;
Investigate this; cheap. Box 1131, Call office
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Jogtu* ««nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
MS Market «t.
CglCgJN RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope;
size to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit: call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Klegan home and three acres of fruit
aojeining:. In East Oakland; will exchange
Jor Oakland, Berkeley or San Francisco prop-
erty. ... • ..:-.
Ten-acre ranch; well Improved: adjoining
tht c:ty cf Napa: will sell or exchange for
Berkrle^- "or Oakland property.
Large corner lot; block and a half from
Syndicate V...:.k building; a bargain.
GEORGE E. FAW. -
Rocm •>19. Bacon bide., Oakland.
ffuxyy— LOT 100x200 ft., wfth house of 7 rooms
and bath: hard finished; garden, lawn, flow-
»ts and trees; a fine residence In one of
the b«&i-known summer resorts in Southern !
California; will sell or exchange for im- 1
rrovpd property In San Francisco; the title
is perfect.
SEAL BOCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 41S-419. Tel. Fclsom 8458.
KEAX ESTATE WANTED.,
WANTED — A ranch of about 100 acres, ad-
Joining some Government land; must have
hcuse. barn. Implements, etc., and plenty
of water; within 10 or 12 miles of some good
town: will exchange business clearing over
$100 per month and pay or accept difference;
Sonoma or Mendoclno County preferred. Box
1339. Call office. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
H T r * wn-i-n A KEAX 2STATE.
A NEW 7-room 2-etory house Just completed,
beautifully finished on tnalde; large closet
for every bedroom: dresstsg-room fitted up
with every convenience; beautiful sideboard
and china closet in dining-room; electricity
and gas for lighting; within 1 block of sta-
tion and J i block to electric cars; lot 40x117;
•will sell on very reasonable terms. Apply at >
2250 San Jose avenue.
A FINE herre In Alameda — Cottage of 6 rooms.
hall, bath, basement; flower garden, etc.;
large lot. See owner. 1050 Franklin et., Oak-
land.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S'XTS
BEB.-CEI.ET KEAX E3TATB.
$2000— NEW ccttage of B- rooms and 7-foot
basement; tinted walls; lot 40x100; street
work end sidewalks comnjete; dtuated at
ltOTJ Virginia et. For terms see MORAN Si
SWAIN, oop. Berkeley' station.
FRUITVALE ADTERTS'TS
rKTJTTVAXE KEAX ESTATE.
A MODEL HOME CHEAP.
(3000 — Pretty bungalow, with living-room
24 by 14; large, hall, dining-room, den,
front and back bedrooms, with bath be-
tween; kitchen, pantry, laundry, etc.;
entire house flnlfhed In wood; clinker
brick mantel, finest plumbing, unique
«¦;#"•. - light fixtures, gas, city water,
sewer: >'. W. corner, lot 50 by 125; lawn;
fine elevated residence location, on ¦ best
avenue in town; near two car lines;
shades, floor coverings, range (all new)
go with place; furniture for sale; ¦ easy
terms to reliable party; call or send. for
pictures. P. O. Box 161, 121i Fruitvale
1 ¦ ave^ Fruitvale, Csi i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
?"*<< Steamers Icar* -Broadway
./v»>^"^S»V "wharves (piers 9 and II).
/<"h£_ Xie\ San Francisco:
/a/TOJ"' -sjh \A\ For Ketchikan. Wran*?l.
I I \V.*T* A I I Juneau. Halnes, Ekagway.
\ A \r**W/ / etc - A !aJ k a— 11 a. in. Sept.
V»*. V m'y&J 12 - 17 » 2=. 27. October 2.
Wv*j _*££>/ Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
' > »2S- <^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
P«rt Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Bel-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17, 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver"
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30-
p. m., Sept. 13. 19. 25. October 1; Corona. 1:30.
p. m., Sept. 10. 16, 22. 29. October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo): San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. S a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crus. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblepo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20. 28. October «.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 16. 24. October X
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OPPICES — < New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad,
way wharves. Preljrht Office, 10 Market at.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.: ¦ jV ;,
CREAT REDUCTION IN RATES
First class. $40: second class. $30 and n>-
ward, according to the Una, steamer and aa-
commodation. . . . •
AMEBIOA-JT LrtTE.
Plymouth — Cnerbonrar — Sonthamptcau
From New York. Saturdays. 9:30 a, m.
New York..... Sept. 24 [Philadelphia ...Oct. I
St. Paul... Oct. 1 (Germanic ......Oct. IS
ATURTIO TBANSPOBT UC2JX.
New Tork — "London Direct.
Mlnnefka.Sept.24.5 anc«Mnneapls > Oct.8.4:30 am
Mlnneh'a..Oct. 1. 9 ami Manltou. .Oct. 13. 9 am
¦ DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Dominion Sept. 24 Canada ..Oct. •
Vancouver Oct. 1 1 Southward- Oct. IS
BED STAB I.INE.
j-«w Tork — Antwerp — London — Parl-*.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland S*t>t. 24 Zeeland Oct. •
Kroonland Oct. 1 • Finland.... . . .".Oct. U
W HIT JJ STAB XiUttt,
Xew TToxlc— <me«tn«towii— iar«t»ooL
Balling Wednesdays.
Oceanic. Sept. 21. S pn-fCeltlc.Sept. SO. 0 an
Arabic. SeDt.23.4:30 pm Baltic... Oct. 5, 3 pra
Teutonlc.Sep. 23. 10 ami Majestls-Oct. 12. 10 u*
STEW SERVICE PBOM BOSTO3.
rait Twin-Screw Steamer*
Of 11.400 to 15,000 Tons.
Boston — Qneeaitown — XtiverpooL
Cymric Oct. 13. Nor. tl
H*BW TOBK AND BOSTON SZXSOV
j To the Mediterranean.
-VI. A»^«^>g« O«o«.
REPUBLIC... Oct. 20. Dee. 1, Jan. 14. TeTx U
<™™ C *• UWh *
CANOPTC Oct. 8. Nor. 19. Jan. 7. Feb. 19
ROMANIC. Oct. 29, Dee. 10. Jan. 28. March 11
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pactfio Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
8. 3. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu', Sept. 17, 11 a.m.
S 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, 8ept. 20. 2 p.m.
S.S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 20, 11 aT m.
LD-SPBICKILSiBlOS. Cd, i2!l,TlCl8t0IC2643Iir-
fet. Fnumt Olce 329 iarfct su.Pter 7, padfe st.
COMPAQNIE 6XHSR1LE T&AH3ATLA5TZQU1.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRK-PARIS m^*^
Balling every Thursday Instead of jjfS'A
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Ilavrs. $70 and upward. 8eo>
end class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway- (Hudson building)
New Tork. J. FV FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
To "0. S. "Wavy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F foot ot
Clay st. north end ferry bldg. — Week day».
B:3U A. XI.. S and °8 P. M. ; Sundays 9:30
A. M.. • P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Week' days
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 3
P. M. Fate. 25c each way. . Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and MarUnes.
50c , round trip. PIPER. ADEN GOODALI*
CO. Phone Main 6U. - 'Saturday excaptad.
To TJ. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Friable. Monticello and Arrow
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6, 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.)-
Sundays. 9:4.V a. m.. 8:30 p. tn. Leave Vallejo
7. » a. m.. 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. (»x. Sun.); Sun-
days, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier ».-foot Mis-
•ion -street; Bbon«M*la lSOS^HATCK BRO*.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAZLAIID SEAL rSTA ?£".
INVESTMENTS
$li— PER FOOT— $15.
$15— PER FOOT— $15.
. = -
CHOICE LOTS
CHOICE LOTS
IN THE FINE RESIDENCE SECTION
IN THE FINE RESIDENCE SECTION
OF OAKLAND.
OF OAKLAND.
Directly on the Oakland-ave. Electric Line.
Directly on the Oakland-ave. Electric Line.
ONLY 5 MINUTES' WALK FROM THE
KEY ROUTE STATION.
$15— PER FOOT— «15.
$15-^PER FOOT— |l5.
Call or Address
R. C. NEWELL.
1212 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
EASY TERMS— PRICE MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
sanitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
tric fixtures; swell blrdseye maple mantel; fuel
gas main; every room sunny; large terraced
lot in lawn; ample room for driveway and
etable: between Grove street and Telegraph
ave., facing boulevarded street; the most com-
plete in £he city: 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco; location exceptionally dry and
thermal. Remember, Telegraph ave. Is soon to
be bitumlnized to Fortieth St., increasing con-
tiguous values: 545 37th st.; key at owner's.
607 37th St.. or at
HARRY L. HOLCOMB'S
Office, 314 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
The above home ready for IMMEDIATE
occupancy.
FOR sale — Modern home; lot 4Sxl50; 6 large
rooms; barn, chicken -yards, fruit, flowers,
beautiful lawn; 30 minutes to San Francisco;
Key Route; should be seen to appreciate. In-
quire Owner. 477 Thirty-fourth St.. near Tel-
egraph ave. East.
FOR sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent on Investment; on Telegraph ave., oppo-
site Idora Park. Address box 139S. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
OAXI.AND BOOMS.
SIXTEENTH. SIS, Oakland— Nicely furnished
rooms to let; gentlemen preferred.
O AKI. AND r UKN^IT UjBE FOB SAIiE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth at., cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisings.
_KOOMS FOB HOJTSEKEEPINO.
FIRST. 317 — Large fur. front rms. for light
hskpg; run. water, closet, bath, also sing. r.
FOLSOM. 742A — Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection: $14 month. • -. ,.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
slnrle rooms.
GROVE, 635— Two housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON. 2408%. bet. Twentieth and Twen-
ty-first — 2 furnished, sunny, front rooms,
with gas etove and bath.
HOWARD, 940 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1074^ — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1136 — Front sunny room for house-
keeping. ;•"
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
. Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reaa.
MISSION. 1219 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms; complete; no children.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 996.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
SCOTT, 300. NE. cor. Page — Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
SECOND, 149 — Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable; good location.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Furnished or
unfurnished bay-window eultes, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single. ,. - ¦
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry; yard; quiet. 1417 Fremont ave., Fruit-
vale.
TURK. 814 — Desirable housekeeping or fur-
.nished rooms at reduced rate*.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726—2 sunny, bay-window
rooms, completely furnished for hkpg. ; reaa.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished housekeeping
suite and single; gas range; $16, $6; adults.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
6T. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson at.— Modern 3-4-5
roctrs; furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOKS TO LET — Furn. and TTnfnm. i
. — . — _ |
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth et.— Rooms
25: to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms., 25c. 50c. $L $150 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug rtore, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 755— To rent; 2 large well furnished
rooms; use cf eas and bath.
CALIFORNIA, 623 — Pleasant sunny rooms to
let. *
CLARA. 77 — Rooms or basement; board for
gentlemen; lower floor.
EDDY. 432 — Nice sunny single room, fine
neighborhood; reaa. to right party.
EDDY, 432 — Fine furnished rooms; all con-
veniences; single rooms; baths; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1323 — Nlc* single room to let.
FOLSOM. 608— Nicely furnished room to let.
FOLSOM, 1220 — Neatly furnished sunny room
to let
FURNISHED rooms to tot; an locations. Paone
Clay 986.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 439— One furnished
room. .
GOLDEN GATE are., 1206— rurnlshed rooms.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 85e
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HAMPTON plnce. 17. off Folsom. near Third— 4
minny rooms; rent reasonable. :. : • "-.
HARRISON. 721— Nice furnished rooms; cen-
tral location.
HARRISON, 979. nr. Sixth — Two nice fur-
nished rooms for two gentlemen.
HARRISON. . 1216%— Small room to rent.
HOWARD. 715— Large ¦ sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 737*4— Nicely furnished rooms from
$1 50 up; good location.
" '
HOWARD. 835%— Newly renovated furnished
rooms to I«t. \ v :
HOWARD. 1608 — Nicely furnished rooms with
running water; reasonable.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. ' Mint— Furnished
rooms; single, $7; for two; $8.
JESSIE, 363— .UnXurnished . rooms, to let, . -^
Dunn. John ' . Sichel Fannie
Green. William ' Ullrich, Mary
Haynes. Emma L. Weber. -Eugene R.
. Heaton. Warren Williams. Isabelle F.
Lewis Wilson. Edgar
Hurson.v Ellen Young, J. W.
Levy. Melanie
BENSON— In thui city. September 15. 1904,
William' C, ", beloved husband of 'Mary Ben-
" . eon, and loving father of John E.". William
.' F.; Mlnum Evelyne and Charles J. Benson,
a native of Navan; County Meath, Ireland,
aged 44 years. A member of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 1788, K. of H., and San Fran-
cisco Bricklayers' Union No. ,7.
IC7"Th£ funeral will taxe place to-day
(Saturday),' at;i):.W a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 11 Mars street, between Seventeenth.
¦ street and Corbett avenue, thence to the Most
Holy Redeemer Church, where a requiem-
high mass. will be celebrated for the. repose
of- his soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' .;'< '
Members of Bricklayers' Union No. . 7 are
hereby notified ' to attend the funeral of our
deceased brother. William Benson. . from his
late . residence, 11 Mars street, between Sev-
enteenth and Corbett avenue, at 9 a. m. By
¦ order . e.' L. NOLAN. President.
F.-L. HADLEY, Cor. Sec. •
BURKE— In this. city. September 16, 1904, at
the residence. 726 Clementina street, Bridget,
beloved wife of the late James Burke, and
mother of Thomas .F. Burke. Mrs. J. J. Ker-.
rigan and Mrs. C. Mackey, a native .of Ire-
land.
CAMERON— In Mendoclno Cal.. September 13.
1004, Hannah H. Cameron, widow of John
Cameron, and mother of Mrs. C. W. Bain-'
bridge. Mrs. John Ross Martin. Benjamin
Otis Cameron and the late Amanda E. Cam-
eron, a native of Boston, Mass., and an early
pioneer of California aged 85 years - 11
months and 16 days.
CASSELL— All members of Golden Gate I
Council No. 80. United Commercial Travel- I
era of America, will assemble on Sunday. I
September 18. at 9:45 a. m.. at the late j
residence of our departed brother. . Leopold '
Cassell, 1437 Geary street, to conduct funeral
services. By order of
'¦'¦'-' -'¦¦'• , GEORGE BORCHARDT, S. C.
H. L. JUDELL. Secretary.
CLAVERB— In Gllroy, September 15. 1904.
Jean Clavere. a native, of France, aged 80
years. ' .. . .¦¦-¦••.¦
COBURN— In this city. September 16, 1904.
Henry Hudson, beloved husband of May
Coburn. a native of Chicago, 111., aged 81
years 1 month and 28 days.
DUGAN— In this city, September 15. 1964 'at
the residence of^his sister, Mrs. Susan Mc-
Closkey. 429 Tenth street, Patrick Dugan a
native of County Cavan, Ireland.
DUGGAN— In this ctty. September 15, 1804.
Patrick Duggan.. a native of Ireland, aged
74 years.
DUNN— In this city, September 15, 1904, at
his residence, 1830V4 Bush street, John, be-
loved husband of Katie Dunn (nee McEntee)
and father of Joseph, Sallie and the late May
V. Dunn, a native of County Kildare, Ire-
land, aged 55 years and 20 days.
("~7Frlend3 and acqualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9' a. m., - from the funeral
parlors ot McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
street, thence, to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be • celebrated
. for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Members of St. Dominic's Sodality of the
Holy Name, are notified to attend. ¦
GREEN— In this city. September 16, 1904. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Dora Green, and
father of Mark and William Green Mrs.
Sara M. Phillips and Mrs. F. Schleslriger a
native of Germaay, aged 77 years 11 months
and -6 days. (Honolulu papers please copy.)
(E7"Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers. ; . ¦ •
HAYNES— In Oakland, September 16. 1904,
Emma L.. beloved wife of M. R. Haynes.
a native of Michigan, aged 47 years 4 months
and 19 days.
HEATON— In Oakland. September 16. 1904,
Warren Heaton, husband of the late Hen-
rietta E. Heaton, and father of Mary. C. and
the late Charles A. Heaton, a native of Ohio
aged 81 years and 21 days.
HEMPHILL— In Oakland, September 16 190i
Lewis Hemphlll. beloved brother of Charles
F. and Henry, Hemphlll, a native of New
York, aged CS years.
HURSON — A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late. Ellen Hurson to-day (Satur-
day), at 9 a. m., at St. Joseph's Church.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
LEVY— In this city. September 16, 1904. Mela-
nie Levy, beloved mother of Mrs. F. O.
Chamberlain, Mrs. W. H. Schnltzer. Hor-
tense. Fernand and . Alfred Levy, Mrs. A.
Welll, Mrs. A. Alexander, Isidor W. and
Meyer Levy, a native of France, aged 60
years 8 months and 8 days.
C7"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 p.' m.', at her late
residence, . 1408 McAllister street. . Interment
private.
McADAMS— In Saueallto. September 16. .1904,
Jane McAdams, dearly beloved wife of John
McAdams, .and beloved mother of James,
William.- Oliver andMhe late George and
Jennie McAdams. a native of Ireland.
MILLAR— In this city.. September 14, 1904,
James Duncan Millar, a . native of Klnkar-
dine, Scotland, aged CO years 3 months and
25 days. (Oakland papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to" attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 915 Leavenworth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn " Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero Btreets. •-.-!-•
MONTGOMERY— In this city. September 16,
1904. Edward L., beloved, father of Ckrarles
E. Montgomery, a native of Cushing. Me.,
aged 75 years 5 months and 20 days.
MORGENTHAU— In this city, September 16,
1904, Annie Morgenthau. a native of Cala-
veras. Cal. , .
CT'Interment "private. Holy Cross Ceme-
ters\ . .
MURDOCK— In this city, September 1*6. 1904.
Catherine, beloved mother of Leo, Frank and •
George Murdock. a native of County Sligo, !
Ireland, aged 68 years.
(ET Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PAYNE— In this city, September 16. 1904,
Katie, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
and Martha Payne, and sister of Robert ,J.
and Charles Payne - Jr.- - and ' Mrs. C. Wyatt
a native of San Franclsc6, aged 15 years and
26 days. ... ¦
ROSE PEREIRA— In San Pablo. Sept. 14, 1904
Frank Rose Perelra, beloved husband of Mary
R. Rose Perelra and father of Joseph Rose,
Manuel Rose, Antone Rose, Frank Rose, Er-
nest Rose, Chris Roee. and Annie P. Pereira,
a native of Portugal, aged 77 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday) at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from hts
late residence, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for-the repose of his soul, commncing at 10
o'clock. . Interment, St. Mary's Cemetery^ ;
Oakland.
SHAFER— In this city. September 16. 1904. !
Eva, beloved wife of V. A. Shafer and only
daughter of Mrs. E. T. , Carpenter, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 32 years 6 months
and 26 days. . , -
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:30 a. m. at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Mountain View Cemetery
Oakland.
SICHEL— In this city, September 15, " 1904,
Fannie Sichel. beloved wife of Max Sichel.
and mother of Mrs/'. H. , Berl, Mrs. Emma
Kullmann and Albert, Gustave, Henry,
- Arthur and Leo Sichel, a native of Bergen.
Hessen, Germany, aged 72 years 5 months
and 18 days.- (New York papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 18, at a'; m., from her late
residence. 251 1 Sacramento street.
ULLRICH— In this city. September 16, 1904.
Mary Ullrich (nee Echgelmeier).. beloved
wife of Joseph Ullrich, and; devoted mother
ot Mrs. Henrlette Schneider and Mrs. Emilie !
Selfke, a native of New York, aged C4 years I
* 8 months and 27 days.
CDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from her late residence,
462 Sanchez street, "near Eighteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city, September 15. ;190«.
Eugene R. Weber, beloved brother of . Lteta
Llebe. and uncle of Edward P. Weber a na- '
tlve of Switzerland, aged S3 years. j
m* 1 Friends and'acauaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street be-
tween. Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd' Fel-
lows' Cemetery. ,
WILLIAMS— In San Diego, Cal.. September 15,
1904. iEabelle F.. wife of the late John J.
Williams, and mother of DeWItt' B. Wil-
liams. Mrs. Tom West and John K. Wil-
liams.
WILSON— In the City and County Hospital.
September 16, 1904. Edgar Wilson, a native
of New York, aged 40 years. -
YOUNG— In. East Oakland. September 16 1904.
J.-.W. Young, formerly of Katchekan,- Alas-
ka, beloved husband of 'Adah. A. Young,
father of Taylor and Boyd i Young of Alaska.
Ralph Young of Washington and brother of ,
• S. ! Hall , Young of Alaska, a native of Butler
Pa., aged 61 years 11 months and 24 days. '¦
I James McGinn. T Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO., I
Formerly With McGinn Bros. I
— — Funeral Directors and Embalmers — —I
214 Eddy st. Tel South 'B76. •".¦-¦ y>' | ;NEWTORK, Bept." 16.— There was a sharp
advance In th» London tin market that seemed
ta be the result of speculative operations. Spot
doced at £127 10s and futures at £128. The
local market followed the advances In a mod
erate way and closed at $27927 80.
Copper was also higher In London.' - with
spot quoted at £67 15s and futures " at " £57
Ii* 3d. Locally the market : was steady * an.l
unchanged, with Lake quoted at $12 C2%O
12 75; electrolytic. $13 60612 75. and casting
at $12 37%©12 60.
Leadwat unchanged at £11 16s 3d In Lon
don and at $4 20©4 30 in the local market. -~'
fisalltr . wa* aJjo uncbaaged ¦ la botb r oar-
New York Metal Market.
Fine Butter and Eggs continue firm and well
cleaned up.. Extra creameries are bringing %c
more < and the best ranch Eggs lc more. A
good deal - of cold storage Butter and Eggs Is
coming out now, and the public Is taking these
stored goods very freely on . account of their
relative cheapness. There is also a large, de
mand fcr Eastern Eggs, which are running
very, fine. • ¦ ¦ j ¦
j The Cheese market Is variously quoted.
Some dealers have advanced their quotations to
10c Others say that advanced prices will call
In 1 Increased supplies again - and ¦ thereby make
the market as depressed as before. There is
no scarcity of any kind, and the most of the
trade have full ahelves. - .
'- Receipts ¦' were 17.300 , lbs . Butter. C94 cases
Eggs and 45,100 lbs Cheese.
. BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 27O28c
for extras and 2tf#26%c for firsts; dairy. 22%0
26c; store. Butter, : 15620c; -, Eastern creamery.
lO%02Oc; Eastern ladle-packed. -146l5%c per
pound."*-- ", : -" "¦•-" - ¦¦ „. -¦'";.;••¦,'. ' . ..»_'•-¦¦ ¦..¦"¦
CHEESE — eglOo ' for choice mild new and
8G8%c for' lower , grades; Young , Americas.
lOHOUc; ¦ Oregon. .. SgOVsc; Eastern. ¦ . 10315c
per lb. :,\"-«- i-' '" - - - • -- ' j ¦,¦¦-.¦- •- .:.¦:.
EGGS— Eaoch, . 35gUCo - lor larr» wlUt* ta*
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
Money— .,,-,,. L " n Sho* Mach mit
Call loans ....*tfl»4 Do pfd ca "- «H
Time loans.... 4 «J DS Steel... ?2
Bond *~ ,«« ~P° P fd •..'.'.*."" fia
AtchUon 4s .....1WH Westing Consnsa n * ri
Do adj 4s...... 95 AIloueT .„. • ' !!„
Mex Central 4s... 64 Amal Copper*""* •n'*
Railroads— _ Amer 2lni ..".'.I j?
Atchlson Atlantic .... ,i
Do Pfd ••J x i v * n-n^ham "'" „
Boston A Albany.250 Calumet & Hecla"ais
Boiton ft Maine. 1C3 Centennial ."I?
Bo5trm E5ev IM Copper Range rbu
Fltcbburg pfd. ...136 Daly West .. . ' ' ' Tl
M«x Central 1**5' Dom Coal *' ij
N Y. N H A H..1S1»4 Franklin ...... % v
Per* Marquette... 74 (Grancr "" 2ij
Url«n Pacific 9S* 1t\* Rrriki- ii*
Miscellaneous — - I Ma*« Mlnlnr *" *ae
Amrr Arge Chem. 14U Michl*an ....'.'." 23
Do pfd 80^ Mohawk .... 4]^
AmerTrw Tube. 5-i Mont Coal A Coke V
Amff Potar ....13Ht Old Dominion is
Do pfd 123 Osceola .. "'in
Arrer Tel A Tel.lt**'. ! Parrot /. ... ».«
Anwr Woolea ... 1**J Q«lncy **" I, 5 *
Do pfd S2HlPhanncn 4
P«m Iwn 4 S... ItUtTamarsclr ' .. -.-. ."in
Ed Sect nium..2SB JU ff Mining.. ..H iSt£
Gen Electrtei ....170 ITT S Oil ..'...... nu
Uaw Elwtric... laKtUtah.. :..;.. ..;.! 4o2
Do prd ...tj |Victcri»-....^^^-^u,
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ? - Se^V Ptfiv
Opening '^ J «^
Closing T 0% 78
PARIS.
Wheat- ****; J *?;- A P»-
Opening » «» " 45
Closing •• " 2° 24 60
Onenine '. SO 85 S2 00
oSSn? .......... ...... ¦.....- » 83 82 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
6T. LOUIS, Sept. 16.— "Wool, eteady; me
dium grades combing and clothing. t5Hff26e:
light fine. 17e20c; heavy fine, 15ffl6c; tub
washed. 2Sg35c.~ ..'¦¦- :
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND/ Sept. 16.— Wheat for export-
Walla Walla, 79c; bluestem. 79c: ralley. 85c.
For shipment east— Walla Walla, 83c; blue
.tem.S5c. £2&£mk.
TACOMA, Sept. . 16.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 84c; club. 80c.
Northern Business.^
SEATTLE. Wesh.f Sept. 16. — ' Clearings,
$743,927; balances, $193,470. .
; ,TACOMA, Sept. 16.— Clearings. $377,692; bal
ances. $22,815. w . - ,. ,,;.-. .:
> PORTLAND. 1 SepL 16L— Clearings. $880,661;
balances,'- II OT. ITT .wBlP»T*gF^WP*tlllrtii»Ti'"i»ii «¦"¦
• SPOKANE, aepc 18.— Clearings, $452,730;
bAlances.tS5.9eS.,
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 15&3 25: San Quen
tln. $4 75: Wool Bags. 30932c: Fleece Twin*.
7%c: Fruit Bags, /6%67%c for white and 7c
°COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $^: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $r, 50:
Beaver Hill. $3 50: Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 80: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50: Cannel. $9 per ton: Qoke,
$11 50&13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 60 per short
ton.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels:. for cases
add 6c: Linseed. 67c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw: Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' A A. cases. $1 lOfJl 12; Lucol. 60c tor
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cas«k.
«3#S0e Per gallon: Cocoanut OIL In barrels.
&Sc for Ceylon and 65c fcr Australian; extra
bleached wintir Sperm Oil. eSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whale OIL 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsf oot OIL 73c: No. 1 NeaUfoot Oil.
ts3c; li*ht HeYrin« OIL 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon OIL S4c: boiled Fish OIL 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw Paint
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. »%c;
Star. I9%c: Extra Star. S4c: Elaine, 26c; Eo
cene '23c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
18c;*ln cases. 22%c: Benzine., tn bulk. 13c; in
cases. 19 fee: Stt-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 25c;
in cases. 31c. ~ij '.' <
TURPENTINaV-Sle per gallon la caces and
75o tn drums and Iron barrels." "
RED AND WHITE LEAD— R«d Lead. TUO
7%c per lb; White Lead. IK&iKc according
to ouant!ty._
SUGAR — The western Sugar Refining Com-
Sny /quotes *» follows, per lb. In 10Wb bairs;
iles A Crushed and Fine Crashed. 6.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6,10c: Dry
Granulated." fine.- <te: Dry ¦ Granulated, coarse.
Be: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Be«t Granu
lated (100-ib bags only). : Confectioners'
A 6c; Magnolia. A. S.60e; Extra C 3.50c;
Golden C.5-40c;rTJ,**.S\30e:, barrets, 10c nure;
ball barrels, 25c core; bcxe* We moroi W-l*
General Merchandise.
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
¦¦ m»er« was no Western Poultry offering In
the wholesale, market, but a carload was re
ceived by a leading retailer, making the fourth
car received for. the week. Domestic stock was
In good request, . particularly Hens and Roost
ers, and firmer prices ruled for those . descrip
tions. ' Receipts were about 80 coops. Previ
ous prices ruled for Game and the light re
ceipts cleaned up quickly. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14615c per
lb for Gobblers and 15016c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 20€22c per lb;- Geese, per pair. 51 5©
(SI 75;. Goslings, $1 75® 2; Ducks. $4^4 50 per
Hens., $4 5Og5 for small and $5 5086 for
large; young Roosters. $5 60@6; old Roosters,
$4g4 50; Fryers. $4©4 50; Broilers. $2 5033 50;
Piceons.. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 60$
175 'for -Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. SOcSSl per dozen: Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; ' Cottontail Rabbits, $2 p«r
dozen. . :
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.R00: export*. 9800 barrels. Market, quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. > 15.000 bushels. Spot.
ea*y: No. 2 red. $1 19U f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
Northern Duluth. $1 28% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions experienced f harp declines to-day - &s &
result of Improving Northwest croifj and
weather news, coupled with bearish Liverpool
prices. Bearish pressure and selling occurred
in the last hour, but were succeeded near the
close by a slight rally. May closed $1 16%;
September closed $1 ISii, and December closed
at $1 16%. .
HIDES— Steady.
¦WOOL— Steady.
HOPS— Steady. . >~".-v !
COFFEE— The market for . Coffee futures
cloned unchanged to 5 point* higher. Sales,
C2.500 bags. October. 6. 85c; December. 7.009
7.C5c; March. 7.30©7.35c; . May, 7.50g7.55c;
July. 7.60®7.70e; No. 7 Invoice, 8Hc; mild,
firm.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3*4c; cen
rtifugal, 96 test. 4 5-160 : molasses sugar, 3^c;
refined, steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
BUTTER — Finn. Street price, extra cream
cry. 1{Xj*19%c: official prices unchanged.
CHEESE— Steady. -'
EGGS — Uncharged.
DRIED FRCITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
eulct and unchanged. Common, i 57 5c; prime
6%e3?ie: choieft. 6&6%c; fancy, 7^7%c
PRUNES — Show no change. Prices range
from 2 to 5*4 c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Continue In light supply. Choice
0%el0c; extra choice. 10^ei0%e; fancy, ll@
13c. - - ' -- • • " '..'¦¦¦¦'
PEACHES— Firm. Choice." 7H©7%c; extra
choice. 86«Uc; fancy. 9%610c. . "
New York Grain and Produce.
H.600L A N !124H;i23H|123H!124
2.30C; Manhattan 154 5,il53^,|153ai 1154
;Maiihattaa Btach | | 10 1 13
r..3i0 Metror>ol BeCOlf.] Sl\\ 79T4I SI I 61H
C'..40t' Metropol £t"Ry..il23Uil21 l %ll22 t 4ll*S!^
2.fe00:Mexican Central. 14H| 14H! 14% 14U
ecu Minn 4: St L.... 67\| 57 57 69
500i Do pfd 9«H| 9»3H| 95 98
b00.il S P & S S M. 73H 72fel 73% '3% ,
100! Do prd 130 1130 (130 131
l.S'X) M, K & T 24'» 23"i! 24H 2*U i
1.7O0J Do pfd 49 j 43 I 4&H 46S
14.600. Missouri Pacific. » J 97!ij 6SH! «*>%
IN. C & St L 1 1120HI122
4.4uC,NaUonal Lead . . 24Hi 23* 4 24~-« 24^
! Do *fd j 93 96
|N R R of Mex.. | 18 1*H
600' DO pfd 41Hi 41 41 41^»
50c;Nat Biscuit 4S 48 47 48
! Do pfd 1*« 109>4
1U0.N J Central .... lsl jlSl ISO 1&2
N Y Air Br*ke..| | J135 133
2,5t»N Y Central 1128 |127«»jl27^ 128
100.N Y C & St I 31',ij 31H! 30% 33
! Do 1st pfd 1 105 i
¦ 1M> 2d pfd 1 68*4 "0 j
;N Y. N H & H 1 193 |195 ]
3.100 N Y. O & W 33»»< 33Vi 3**1 ; *-* :^
5.€00,Norfolk A W 70 j C9V4 69V4
.......! Do pfd ! 00X, 64
iNorth American B2 63
Nor Securities j 103H 104
iOmaha ....! 102HI102T4
I Do pfd 1 3J5 j
|O S L 4s I VJH 97
eOOiPatf-iflc Coairt GZh*\ 63H « 66
i Do 1st pfd 1 05 105
I Do 2d pfd ! 75 76
400 Pacific Mall 33 j 32U 33 I :«H
lll.OiC.Penn R R Co ilS2»4ll31 132 |132>»
COO, Peoples Gas ...;103 102U lC2T»ilO3
,P«re Marquette 1 75 I 80
P. C. C & St L <W»il 71
300'. Do pfd J 104 105
1,301 > Precsed Steel Car 1 34U 34"4
1C0; Do pfd SI i SI 80 } 61
Pullman Car Co. | 218 (2»
600 Ry Steel S Co.. 24>4| 24H 24^4 24%
300i Do pfd 8O»il S«0»4 *>0 81
73,500'Readiiig o^ifel 63% C9 I 69^
1 Do 1st pfd 85*i 8«
20Ci Do 2d pfd 75V 75»4 -5% 70
2.100;Republie S & I. 9H S% 9 0\i
400! Do pfd 44 43«ij 4=!^ 44
l.OiiClRutber Goods .. 19*4 19^! 1941 20
Do pfd ! Sl«4| 62!-;
IOC/Is S S & I Co... 40»4 40*i 40*tf<4o-t
i ¦ Do pfd 89 e9T»
JSt J & G 1 16 17
Do 1st pfd , 25K 2«U
[ Do 23 pfd 46 48
jStL &. SF 1st pfdj 71 74
500; Do 2d pfd i 59?i 5SM4 59=i 60
100'Et L A SW 21fc 21S 21 2l»V
2,4001 Do pfd 45 44 45 45 '«
15.4(i0 Southern Pacific. 57 65*» 56U 5«N
22, 40C Southern Ry 34*4 33% 33S 3»>i
i Do pfd 95Ti U5S 95H O5?4
Standard Oil 640 j642
300 Standard R A T. 1 1 Til l'i
7,7O0!Tenn Coal A I.. 48% 47V4 48% 4fiH
(Tex Pae L T Co 30 30^i
3,J«> Texas Pacific ..32*4 31% 32 32H
200Third Ave !123 125 124 125
(Toledo R A T Co 2O*i 20«,
2, 70U Toledo St L & W 32 31 31 *i 31Ji
7.§00i Do pfd 52ft 60 51 K 51 »i
,Twln City R T 97V4 97*4
600 Union BAP... 7% 7 7% 8
Do pfd 63 64
S2.2O0iUnlon Pacific .. 99% 97% 08^ 98*4
Do pfd 92^ 934
U P Conv 4s 104^ 104",
United Copper 6 8
United R of S F 13 15
700! Do pfd 66 55% 56K 57
Do 4s 64H 84»4
1U S Cast I Pipe 10>4 11
I Do pfd 5«4 S7»4
|U S Express 116 120
19.&00X* S Leather 9% S% 9H 9S
2,000 Do pfd S7»4 86% 87% 8T»4
ItJ S R & C pfd 52% 53
1.700'U S Rubber i 20H! 19 T /8 20 2014
1.O00J Do pfd 74»4 74 74'4 75
110.100 U S Steel Cor.. 18»i 16*4 18% 16U
13Q.:«io' Do pfd 69»<i G6V 69^4 69 L i
3.0fOVt-Car Chem Co 36*4 36% 36V4 36%
2,2m Do pfd 109 10S% 10854 109
l.:;f«-| Wsbash ] 21 H 21 '4 21 =i 21%
3.OOO! Do pfd 43 41)4 42% 42»4
I Do deb Bs «5% 66
\V?e\l» Fargo Ex '230 245
2Ort' Western Union.. 92 91% I 01% 92
100 Westinghouse .. IC2 1G2 I1C2 163
! Do 1st pfd l&O 200
I00W & L E 17H 17H 17%f 18
100: Do 1st pfd... 45% 45% 44 46
100< Do' 2d pfd... 25% 25% 23% |28U
400jWiscone!n Cen.. 194* 1» Vi I'.f-i! 19%
700' Do pfd 43", 43% 43% I 44
ISouthern P pfd 113HIH39,
949.300 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BOKDfl.
C S ref 2s reg.. 101%] L A N unified 4s.lODH
Do coupon 104%! Man con gold 4s. 10T-4
Do 3s reg 103 Mex Central 4s... 65%
Do coupon 105 Do 1st Inc i«ti
Do new 4s reg.l31*i Minn A St L 4s. 05!i
Do coupon 131*4 M. K A Texas 48.100%
Do eld 4s reg.106 Do 2ds 80
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con is 77
Atch gen 4s 103V, NYC gen 3%s..lO4
Do adj 4s 95*4 N J C gen dsT.. 134
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S% Nor Pacific 4s. 1 1 105 W
Bait & Ohio 4s..IC3% Do 3s ..... t±U
Do 3%s 95*4!Nor A W con 4s"lO2»4
Central of Ga 5s.lll%|OSL 4s A partlc. 9CH
Do 1st inc SSttiPa conv 3UV...? 100
Ches A Ohio 4%s.lO5% Readlnir gen 4s lOOU
Chi A Alton 3%s. 79% s L M iU a. 'm?
C B A Q new 4s. 97 S L A S F tr 4« luxL
C.M A BPn 4s. 109 st Loul. SW 1 8 "' Cfiu
?¦ % £° n 7 «- 12S ?' Seaboard A L , & fi^ii
Do col 5s 83 Bo Railway 5* lr-tl
CC.C A SLgn 4S.1O1?4 Tex & pfa ltta'liSH
CW Term 4s 75% Tol. St UW4™»
cSS." I 0^"?. "• S.- Unloa ***** " »"h
N-EW YORK MINING PTOCKS.
Adams Con ..... 20 Little Chief m
Alice W|Ontsrto .... 55
Kreece 15 Ophir ... . , ]"" \ S
gruns Con 12lPhoenix ...... 2 fl
Com Tunnel .... li'Potosi .. -iZ
Con Cal A Va... 1 OOlEavage Va
Horn Bl!ver X 53 Sierra NeVa*i!a H,
Iron Silver 1 73> Fm.Ii Ho^. . ] I?.
LeadvllJe Con ... OJigundard ......... 1 j 0
Cotton — Spot— closed dulL Middling Uplands.
10.90c; Middling Gulf. 11.15c. Sales, 200 bales.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16. — Cotton futures
opened easy. September, 10.45c: October,
10.32c: November, 10.35c; December, lO.SSc;
January. 10.39e: February. 10.3Sc; March,
10.45c; May. 10.50c.
Cotton futures dosed steady. I September,
10.61c; October. 10.39c; November, 10.38c: De
cember, 10.41c; January, 10.43c: February,
10.47c; March, 10.52c; April. 10.54c; May.
10.57c
Ncxv York Cotton Market.
The following quotations are for rood, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7H©'%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5H&6«.c: tbln Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES— 404 %c, per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wether*. 3%e3fcc; Kwta. 3e3ge
oer !b I gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 6092 75 per head.
HOGS— Live '.Hogs, 14O to 200 lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4Hc; 13O lbs and under. 4"*c:
over 250 lbs, 4Hc; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 x>er cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off,
and Stan. 40 per cent off from above quota
tlcns.
BEEF— «H07c for Steers and 4g5o per lb
for Cows.
VEALz-Large. 7g9c; small. 8&9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 767Hc; Ewes. «e7c
per lb.
LAMB-8«8«« Per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6??Rc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Tiere Is nothing new to report, either In Hv«
or dressed stock.
DRESSED MEATS. ':•*:.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
Meat Market.
Fair Trading in Local Sliares,
With a Weaker Feeling.
Business was very fair on the Bond Ej*.
change, but fluctuations were not numerous.
Hawaiian Commercial was a dollar off at
$83 5O@«3. Giant Powder was lower at $64 3O
CM. falling figures, and Alaska Packers weaii
at S12».
There was nothing r.ew in the oil or minist?
stocks.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a regular quarterly dividend
of $1 25 per share, payable September 30.
The Northern California Power Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 5 cents
per share September 25.
Regular semi-annual interest was paid on
the 5 per cent bends of the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company yesterday..
The Junction Oil Company assessment of
10 cents per share, amounting to $25,000. lev
led September 12. becomes delinquent on th*
California Exchange October 13.
There is very good authority, according- to
the Wall-Street Journal, for the statement that
the earnings of the United States Steel Com
pany in the quarter endlnir September 30 will
approximate $lS.COO,ono. This presumably as
sure* the payment of the regular quarterly
dividend on the preferred stock.
STOCK lAXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Sept. 16—3 p. a.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS. •
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Art.
4s qr coup.. 107 107»i!4s qr cp new.l31^132!4
4s qr reg...lC6 lC6»il3s qr coup... — -
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 5s. — — 1 Oak T Co 6s. 11* —
Asso Oil 5s. 70 70H! Do 5s 110 — ¦
Bay CPC 5s.lOO — Do con 5s. — 78
Cal C G 5s. — 103Hi Oceanic S 5s. — 79
Cal G Ml E g I Om Cable 6a.l2* —
m A ct 5s. 81 81H! Pae G Im 4s. 95 —
Cal-st C 5s. 112t£ — P E Ry 5s..l05%103*4'
C C Wat 5s. 97>410O IPsCH «s.l(>4 ¦ —
EdL St. P Cs.121 1*125 | P & O R fs.Ul . —
F & C H 6a. — — Powell-st «a. — —
Geary- st 5s.. 50 60 Sac EG*R5s. 99%10t
H CAS 5%«- — — SF ft ejV3a.ll* —
Do 5s — — Sierra R 6s..lOOH —
Hon R T Gs-lOSmW S P of A «¦
L A Elec 5s. — — U9O») 107KlCS1f
L A Ry 5«..116% — (1910) 1CS\ —
LALCoea.— — S P rf c ti
Do gtd 6s. — — n9R.'.>Sr A. 103** —
Do gtd Js-lrttlilCS <W-.T>Sr B. 104*4 1C5»J
LAP lcm 58.102% — • O9W) 106*; —
Mkt-st C 5s.ll4H — ri912) — 117^4
Do lcm 5s.ll3li — SPC 1 eg 5s.m*l —
MV& MtTSs.103 — Do stamM.inau — .
NRR of CCs. — IW» S P B R 6a. 153 —
Do 5s 119 12O IS V Wat €«.1M —
N P C R 5s. — lOfi I "Do 4s. 2dm. 109 —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. — —
NCPC5s. — !H» Do* mt*43 S><-^ M
N S R R Rs. — lC2H!Stkn GAEfis: «5 —
O G L&H Ss.106 — • |U O A E UAGZ^ —
O W gtd 6s. — 10Q I
WATER STOCK3.
Contra Costa. — 3714' Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — CO |S V Wat Co. 38»i 39i;
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3', 3*4! S F G * B. C 62^
Mutual E Lv — 12«-j Stkn G A E. — *i,
Pae L Co... 57 — 'U G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 — ! •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 13O JL P A A 15ft " —
aStIoVCsJ .. — W !»«r Trust.... 2» J4O
Ban* ofCal-420 425 Kerch Ex.... 50 56«i
CaTsafe Dp- - 150 B T Nation!. - . -
First Nation! — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
f>r S * L.2273 2330 Sav A L So. . — 100
B F 8»» TJ.tOtVt —
8TESST RAILROADS.
Callfornl* .. — 200 I Presidio — 41
Geary — ' S9H
POWDER.
Glant 63 f3 Ivisorit ;....;—¦-•»¦
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62* - IMakaw.ll C. »<4 29%
Honokaa SCM-- Oncmea S C. 27 —
Hutch PP C 10*4 lO-XlPaauhau S C. 16% 1«H
Kllauet-^S C 4*i — r
jnSCELLANTEprS.
Alaska P A. 129 130 t Oceanic S Co. — 3ti
Cal r C A. Wfc 99^ pae Aux FA. 4^ —
Ca Wine A.— 83 Pas C Borx.lM —
MV* MtTra. 86 — j Pae S Tel Co. 1C24105
SALES. :
Morning Session.
Bosrd —
• 8S Alaska Packers' Association.. .U» 0*
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury chows: Available . cash
balance. $150,000,531; gold. $59,156,457.
Arrivals of Potatoes were unusually heavy,
being more than twice the quantity received
on the "preceding day. As a result the market
had an easier tone, but prices were no lower,
as it was not expected that the receipts would
continue heavy. Onions. < too, .-were In in
creased supply, but the filling of some ship
ping orders held prices steady.
Tomatoes were in excessive supply and lower,
receipts being large and the carry-over from
the preceding day heavy. The 'canners were
purchasing rather freely at the inside quota
tion, but the market failed to clean up. Lima
Beans were in limited supply and firmer. The
other vegetables stood about as previously
quoted.
POTATOES— Burbanks from' the river, 50®
75c pet ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 73&S5c:
Sweet Potatoes. $1<*H 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — iiei 20 per ctL
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50cg$l 23 per
sack or crate; String Beans lHP2c per lb:
Wax Beans, lViG2^c per lb; Lima Beans. 2^9
3%c per. lb; Tomatoes, 2Cf£40c per box; Summer
Squash. 25633c. per box; Cabbage, 75c per ctl:
Carrots, 75c D*r ssck: Cucumbers. 25$40c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, 50c€$l 25 per box; Gar
lie. 4 He per lb; Egg- Plant. 25640c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra 00040c
per box: Green Peppers. 25@40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
OMAHA. Sept. 16. — CATTLE — Receipts.
market generally steady; native steers,
«4g«. «ow> and heifers. $2 25S3 75; Western
steers $3©4 00: Texas steers. $2 75©3 «S5;
rwfgl' cov,? ana heifer*. $2 23®3 40; canners.
$1 50S2 15: ftockcrs and feeders. $2 5O6CI ,a;
calvei; $3#3 60: bulls ¦ and stags. $1 75©2 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 4500; market 5«$ 10c lower;
heavyT^S 40©5 50; mixed. $5 4505 55: light.
S.-. 5.-*«S5 70; pigs. $4 TO©5 35; bulk of sales.
Receipts, 2700: market steady:
Western yearlings. $3 60«4; wettaert,. |S ISO
3 60; ewes. $303 50; common and «tock«rs,
$2 25©3 76; lamb*. $4 60(25 40.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 16.— CATTLE — Re
celpts! 4000: market ««*&«"« J? < SSu l J£
6 15- native cows and heifers, . $1 50©4 iO:
stockenT and reeder*. ?2 25«4: bulls, $1 75@
3^0; calve". $2 50@5 50; Western steers. $3®
4 50: Western cows. $16083 —>•
HOGS — Receipts, 4000; market steady;
h^HEE^P-^eiPt». 4500; «n*rket steady:
muttons. $3 25©4; lambs, H 5005 50: rang»
we^ersl: $3*0^90: ewes. $2 7563 60. i
*-. 'Omaha.\
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16. — CATTLE — Receipts,
4000, including 600 Westerns; market steady;
good to prime steers. $5 40©tt 25; poor to me
dium. $3 25^5 25; stockers and feeders, $20
3 75; cows, fl 25^4 50 : heifers, $2©4 75; can
ners, $1 25e2; bulls. $2?jf4 10; calves, $3©8 75;
Texas fed steers, $4 5O©5 50; Western steers,
$364 75. s
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 15,000; to-morrow,
10 000; market steady; mixed and butchers',
$5 4O36 05: good to choice heavy. $5 65S6;
rough heavy. $5 20«5 60; light, $5 6S®0 (5;
bulk of ealee, $5 6U(g5 SO. ,
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000; market for sheep
lOfi 15c lower; market for lambs steady to
lower; good" to choice wethers, $3 50Q4 25;
fair to choice mixed. $3&3 50; Western sheep,
?2 75Q4 25; Western lambs, $4g5 50; native
iambs, $360 25. ' .
Chicago.
There Is no further change In Beans, and the
market for Seeds continues quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35^2 5O; Pea. $3ff3 25;
Butters. $2 75@3; small White, $2 90&3 10;
large White. $2 25«2'40; Pink. $2 75^3 23;
Red. $4; Lima. $3 95@4; Red Kidneys. $4 25;
Blackeyes. $2 4O'g2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2 25.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard $3 25; Flax. $1 90@2 25; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15©15*»;c: Rape. lH©2Vbc; Timo
thy. 5?6c: Hemp. 3U63V4c per lb; Millet. 2$4
fiS'^c: Broom Corn Seed. $2O@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $282 25; new Green
Peas, |2S2 25 per ctl.
q Beans and Seeds.
1 CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. J
CHICAGO, Sept. 16. — On th* Produoe Kx
cha'nge to-day the butter market was steady:
crramery. 14*61Si4c: dairy. 12H©16c. Eggs
were firm at mark, cases included, 14@l>^c.
Cheese was firm at 8@9c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Sept- 16.— Close— Money en
call. *wafiy. 1S2 p*t cent; closing bid. lHc:
itTfrrcfl st list.
TSir* lease, steady: Ftxty days and nlnetj
Cnyt. Z tx»r cent.
Prtrae nsrrcaciile paper. 4644 per cent.
Sterling txchacge. etea£y. with actual bosi
r*M in bankers' hil!« at S4 M>70<54.R674 (ortfe
:;;and aril at »4 S4S564 S4»0 for *lxty-day bills.
lifted rites. ** «»* and $4 67 hs@* &S
rcmmercial blile. $i S4 1 *.
Bar *:!vtr. '^Sc.
Mexican dollars. 45"ne.
Covenant bead*, firm; railroad bocas, ir
legular. yORK gTOCK list.
E F Huttoa A; Co.. 4SW California street,
baa" Fra"uco. member* of the New York
i-tock Exchange. iurr.*h the following official
C.ctaticns <.'. ifcat Exchange:
**•"• i gt °^*~ : Hig -^ll -— ' •—
Atr-er Can Co..--; i «> *j*
...... Aiaer Ex I «
¦i^a^S^S!:;-^ 1^ %
200; Do pfd i 20h 20H 20 ~\
; A -Sf?" lcm :::!::::: ::::: n
:::::::'AmeV unseed :: »» »v,
. . ! Do pJd 1 3 i ' 5^
"s.POOAmer Loco 1 27S 26% 27U -«H
LOCO Do pM »7H 97 97 97V.
Anvr Malt ....| jjw
* '4.'^ aA** t Ref i I '«% "gii L«« .^ H
20C' Do pfd 108 1CS ilOS 1CS
*.?00AmVr Sugar . . . .\l2l~* \v»%}\*£* J«*
. tv, _»,« 1 J [132 134
:::::::^t«. a Tei::!::.. ...... iM »
....^A^w^e^::!! 4 ?..^.. 1^ 1^
- 3 WAii^£.v.::::|^- »| K 8
Ann Arbor *1{* ~J
r^Ef2§:^ % M M 1
•Htf-Sr OB !!::: %* Wt Sft ff
•;-iite^S?i -r -r- *fr -U
;iJutt*rlci CO , *| r
«ffl[g t Z :::::::: Sf Si || S
: do pfd b |* ££>»
16.700C M * 8t P.... 1MH «55«fete
7w!cwcsgo U T...- ••»» «H !¦« • *
i^MiSi^i* n •::
.( Do pfd •••• •—;; i.T/ "««
20000^^ WM % Ut |8 « u
-TOmMc.I. 13H 12H W J>^
600 Colo Sccthern... l«j 1«t» »«> £„
-no* Do lrt pfd .. 60V» M 49-* Wi »
200 Do 2d pfd - 2*-» .£ ]^* t .
•iiooPD* pri 3^::.:. * *>» §3 «*
JDetroit Un Ry- ..... vi~ «« %*
- " TWO Detroit Scutherc. 3 £ 3 3^
too; Do pfd « 4u 4i4 2Sa!
lOODlrtil iSecur .... 2S5, 2SU 2«H -S^
s.nftrr. Do l*t pfd •• «« %}i 67^, <s
;:;::::| E DtJfd n :::.::. :..-'-.• » m
*rt vr a x> C « «t
<G*n Chemical « j«
•¦¦^U^rr^Hc-.Xin-iToiiiTO rg
jGre*t Nor Pfd l'£ *«
Grt« Con Coj>. «1- »-H
iUavaca Too Co- g j»H
"icr'Hocktng Valler.i '«' « *2H g
1% l °Z £T.:::: « g« f |§
.! Do Pfd «% *?
'Kar.awha tc M - .£-•. •"••) 25-. JSJj
1WK C K » ft M rfdj 77% •«»«l •«% JS
!Kac«a* Ctty Ro. •••! 2 5^ *5J*
8001 Do rfd «« 47. 47 47%
tLacie^* Gas rfd.l...... .....] «> 1M .
(Lake Er»# A W »»H «
• Do rM «i»100
SOO^csx Uud ... X% &CH MM
The local Hop trade are quoting a firm and
active market again and say that the bulk of
the new crop hats already passed out of grow
ers* hands.
Hides are weaker in the East, owing to the
settlement of the packing-house strike, but
this market is in very good shape, the arrivals
being readily taken care of. Salted stock Is
%c higher. -
There is nothing new in Wool.-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about *>:£lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers; lO^jc; medium. 9Hc; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for 5 heavy and 9c for light:
Stags. 6Vic; Salted Kip. 9Hc: Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides. 16Hc; dry Krp.
13c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25#
40c each; short Wool. 40063c each; medium.
7&€9Oc; long Wool. $161 50; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium.
$1 2561 75 for small and &0c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. ?161 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do.
TALLOW — No. 1. rendered. 4fr4Vic per lb.;
No 2. 3}ic; graded. 2H63c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9611c; Southern, 8©9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9©llc: Middle Counties, free. 12614c;
do, defective, 10©12c; Northern free. 12614c;
do. defective. 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 14615c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25628c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Flour qr sks... 3.2S2' Hops, bales 433
Wheat ctls 2.K1? Wool, bales ..... 622
Barley. ctU .... «.S 11' Shorts, sks .../.. 123
Oats, ttls 1.520. Hides. No 321
Beans, sks 1.127' Pelts No 54O
Potatoes sks ... 7.6S3I Leather, rolls ... 101
Onions, sks .<.. 1.304! Tallow, ctls 22«
Bran sks 740 Lime, bbls IZZ
Middlings, sks .. 130:Wine. ca!»- 44. ""in
Hay tons STD' Quicksilver, risks. »•»
Straw, tons 5" Sugar ct!s 2,00a
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 18.
CHICAGO. Seot. 16. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour was steady: No. 2 spring
wheat. $1 lSffl -JO; No. 3, $1 17; No. 2 red.
$1 14K61 1654: No. 2 corn. S2Hc: No. 2 yel
low M*ic; No. 2 oats. 31%c: No. 2 whit*.
3SU633*itc: No. 3 white. 32W33HC; No. 2
rye, 74c;" good feeding barley, 37©3»c; fair to
choice malting. 45g52c;:No. 1 flaxseed, $1 lClj;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 25; mess pork, per bbl.,
$10 75<S10 SO: lard, per 100 lbs.. $6 &2H66 95:
short ribs nides (loose). $7 12*4Q7 25: short
cl«ar y'.des (boxed), $8 25-88 50; whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 23; clover, contract grade,
$11 70tfll SO. , - „.,
\rticles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, "barrels 24.800 ,i°.-f<£
Wheat, bushels 92.000 Pj-WCJ
Corn, bushels .....6.SO.80O C53.500
Oats, bushels 155.200. 279.700
Rye. bushels .."3.000 3.300
Barley, bushels 132,300 1»..00
Cash Grain and Provisions.
AVer York Money Market.
bags. 10c more far all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal
Dominos Vc rer lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
The current situation in Hay is firmer, as
receipts by rail are down to nothing, and as
the recent excessive arrivals are at la? t out of
the way buyers are again In the market. It
Is now no trouble to sell good Hay at full fig
ures. The situation is this: There are about
700 loaded cars on the sidetracks in the dif
ferent Hay districts in the . interior, and as
the local yards are now practically clear the
railroads have a good chance to get them in.
but they are not doing it. The Hay men want
this Hay .and are holding daily consultations
with the railroad officials In order to facili
tate Its movement. When all this country ac
cumulation begins to come In the market may
weaken again, but at present the situation Is
better than for . some weeks.
Bran continues weak under the free receipts
from the north, but prices are unchanged.
BRAN— *20<g21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24$2S per ton.
SHORTS — |2tM321 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Relied Barley. $23@23 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meat at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
lobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22f|23; Corn
Mtal. $50 50^31*50: Cracked Corn. $31®32.
Mixed Feed. $22©22 50; Horse Beans. $3O©40
Mr ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c p«r ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $$@12 50. with $13@13 50 for
extra fine: Wheat and Oat. $?S11; Oat, $7 50©
10 60: Barley and Oat, $7@9; Volunteer Wild
Oat, $6 5008 50; stable, $7®S 50: stock, $6©7;
Clover. $7 50@0 50; Alfalfa. $7610 50 per ton.
STRAW*— 35657 Me per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 1114c per lb for
heavy, llrsc for light medium. 14c for light,
14 Vic for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured: dry salt Sides, 10^;c; Bellies, llVie:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 14«; Cali
fornia Haras. 13Hc: Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $11611 50; Family. *12gl2 50-
5 rime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $24;
less. $18: Dry Salted Pork. lOfcc; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $3: Smoked Beef. Ms per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^c per lb for
compound and She for pure; half-barrels
pure, 9%c: 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10«ie;
3-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. S»»c; three
half barrels, S^4c: one tierce, SV4c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7v s c per lb.
The local market continues quiet and un
changed. The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton
& Co. yesterday said: "It has been a dull
market, with the dragging tendency that we
have been obliged to notice for a long time.
Packers talk bullish and would like to get bet
ter prices for their distributive demand, but
the speculative buying shows little or no im
provement and the action of the market con
tinues discouraging."
Provisions.
Flour rules firm and local millers say that
when the receipts on old contracts from the
r.orth are over prices may be advanced. There
is nothing new in Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $* SO®
6 10, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 70&5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 £5$4 25
<>er bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy,
$3 60«3 S5; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. *3 &0; Rolled Oats. bbls. $ti 60©7 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; .Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7$C9\c for
Royals and 9{?V2c for Moorparks; Nectarines;
6*iS7c: Reaches. 0%SSHc per lb: Pears. 614©
12c; Plums, pitted. 6@6fte for black. 7H8S>*c
for red end 7S*Hc for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks 62%c: 3-crown. 65c; 4-crown. 63c; 6
crown T5c; bulk white. 3Vi©3Hc: black, 4c
Evaporated Apples. 6^&7He per lb.
PRUNES— 1«4©1%c per lb for the four sixes
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
tsubject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown.
3c; 2-crown. 2 Vic; Malaga, loos*. 3-crown.
2%c; 2-crown, 2Kc; seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2Vic Seeded Raislas. 18-oz.
cartons, fancy, 4<4c; choice. 4c: 12-ca. cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice, 3 Vic per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 sofUhell. 13>£ei4c:
No. 2, 11H&12C; No. 1 hardshell. 13gl3^c;
No. 2. lieil^c: Almonds, 16©17c for new
Ncqparells. 14^14^« for I X U 13©14c for
N« Plus Ultra and lie for Langoedoc; Pea
nuts. tQ 7c for Eastern; Pecans. 11013c; Co
coannts, $4 Mg5.
HONEY— Comb. ll^glSc for -whit* sad 10e
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%Q
«Hc; light amber extracted. 566c; dark, 39
•iic.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinSjHoney.
E. F. Hotton A Co.'s W«ll-etr**t wire* ye*
t«-i-i said:
STcxrKts — We sti!l think that the market
fc*s reached the point where scattered hold
ings havt iacresfod enrajgh *t tlrae» to bring
•bout some reaction, bvt think stocks ehould
be boujht on thet-e reaction*. There is no in
c;,;t:;.r. j+t that the market fcts s;>cnt its
fore*, cf.eap money can rtill find good in
vestmerti. and while perhaps, there i* a lit
tle baritning tendency to the mocey market.
It Is more of a neclthy condition than other
«iee. Tte bank statement to-morrow is a
little in coubt. but it is not thought it will cut
much fijrure either way.
COTTON — To-day's cotten market was nar
row in1 inertly prcfeeeior.a!. with th« fiuctu
aticr.s tr.f.uenc«<l by the nacre aggressive at
titude of the local bears and some further
Fcsttfrir.g liquidation on the slightly lower
Liverpool nsarket and weather conditions gen
erally ciea- tnd warm all through the cotton
belt." There ru cocriderable activity at the
<r*nlng and it lasted throughout the first
hr-ur. but after that the volume of business
fell off and the aggregate for the day was
cer.fidrrEKy lighter than recently. We re
gard the market as a waiting one. pending
further deveioj>fr:ents calculated to give a
t*tter ir.sight on the general cr^p situation
end outlook. The movement to market is in
creasing, but th*re is a large *hort interest
fc*re as «CH ag New Orleans and Liverpool, es
p*c!ailj- rn the winter deliveries, aod mean-
T-fclle "the Jeniar.3 from fjrtr.nrrs and export
ers is ample t;> take care of the receipts and
fcr-ep 1 he Pouihern epot markets above the
10 rcrx basis.
Stocks and Cotton.
Mass Gas 42l4!Wlnona 9
United Kruit ....100 i Wolverine 87
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS%!X Y Central .'.;.. 131 H
Do for acct..SS 9-161 Nor & Western... 70 T 4
Anaconda 4 : i.\ Do pfd 92
Atrhlson w .. S44,Ont & Western... 34
Do pfd 101 Pennsylvania .... 07%
Bait & Ohio 91 I Rand Mines 10>*
Can Paetfla i*>*ii Kradln* 33U
Ches & Ohio 43»4i Do 1st nfd 44
CM Great West.. 17HI Do 2d pfd. 3S&
CM. Mil AVSt P.l« JBo Railway 34
De Beers 1814 Do pfd 0S«l
Den i Rio G 20UfSo Pacific 57-V t
Do pfd S3VJ| Union Pacific 100 T 4
Erie 3214J Do pfd QoV 3
Do l*t pfd..... C9*!U S Ste»! 17% 1
Do 2d pfd...... 4SK Do pM <»
in Central 14.1 | Wabash 22*5
Louis & Nash....l27liJ Do pfd 4S^
ii. K & Texas... 25 I Spanish 4s 87
Ear silver— Quiet. 2«»«d per ounce.
Money— 1% pn- cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short, bills Is 2 5-16 p*r cent and for throe
months' bilU. 2 5-1662 7-10 per cent
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week end
ed September 15, with the percentage of In
crease and decrease ac compared with the
corresponding week last year:
v. Pet. Pet.
Cities — Amount. inc. dec.
New York $1,334,611,141 31.8
Chicago 172.070.C8l . „» ....
Bo*toa 116,523,115 3.4
Philadelphia 112. 678.540 16.4
Et. Louis 45,152,079 .... 16.3 1
Pltteburg 37.602.25.1 10.2 !
San Francisco .. 29,950.005 .... 16.2 !
Baltimore 20,500,201 , .... «.6
Clcclnatl 21.5H9.iiCO .... 20.0
Kansas City 23.23U.17a 2.5 ....
New Orleans .... 13,078,011 9.8 I
Cleveland 13.324,878 10.8
Mmneapoli 19,067,416 26.S 1
Detroit 11.011.129 5.2 ....
Louisville 10,257.700 9.8
Omaha 7.&45.974 .5
Milwaukee .. 9.S25.S71 14.6 ....
Providence 5.70S.900 .... 10.8
Buffalo 6.670,822 1.3
Ipdianappolis .... 6,840,893 5.7 ....
St. Paul 6,215,522 10.6 ....
Los Angele 5,6Sti.979 .... 17.5
St. Joseph 4.6W.S42 12.9
Denver 5.359,416 6.5 ....
Columbus 4.639.300 S.2 .... \
Mt-mphis 3.489.114 52.4 ....
S*atUe 5.302.522 14.0 ....
Richmond 4,500.050 14.8 ....
Washington 3.892.358 1.0 ....
Savannah 4.445.3e2 25.1
Albany 3,916.321 4.2
Portland, Ore. ... 4.682.S19 6.5
Fort Worth 3,300.618 .... 3.5
Toledo. Ohio .... 3.769,625 .... 9.5
Salt Lake City .. 2.73S.&.T2 0 13.5
Peoria 3,001,468 6.3
Atlanta 2.721.960 5.1
Rochester 2.723.545 18.6 ....
Hartford ........ 2,2«4.87S .... 3.9
Nashville 2.425,782 10.3
Dee Molneg 2.784,853 14.8 ...:
Spokane Wash. . 2.-HW.637 18.5
Tacoma 2,139,587 .... .3
Grand Rapids ... 1.S74.1S6 .7
New Haven 1,712.373 .... 2.3
Dayton lc9c -£5 3 * T •-?
Norfolk 1,146.309 .... «.4
Springfield 1.442.70.1 .... 25.2
Worcester l.lfiO.324 4.0
Portland. Me. ... 1.623.706 4.6
Augusta. Ga 1.436. 4SS ,19.2 „..
Tcpeka Q6O.S6O .... 32.1
sirux city 1 - 147 -£S 9 - 3 •:•;
E*racu*e 1. 185.906 4.6
Birmingham 082 -27S •>*.' JL 1 '!
Wllmincton. Del.. WB.ltfe ..... -1.6
Knoxvllte SJW?5 •••' il
Davenr-ort iS5' & i5 ,1*
Little Rock 66 "M5A ••" ! 2i
Wl!k«.(.fcarro PHS "" ,?"i
Fall River 561.000 .... 2b.O
Macon 52S.825 V... J2-3
Wheeling. W. Va. 7S6.275 3.0
Wichita "•J2X-SS ••• >N
Akron 5^-.^ ••" too
Chattanooga •L" 0 -*?? 2' 1
Springfeld. Ill 171.9S. -.• 0.4
Kalamaxoo. Mich. , "6.824 76.4 ....
Youngstown 42i.MM .... rfa.*
Helena 31SP iZ 11S ;."4
Lexington BIft -£*T, i" A llS
Fargo? N. D C4.1.902 3.4 V.is
New Bedford .... 4 l 3 -«°« •••• *%'!
Canton. Ohio 574.000 2.0
Jacksonville, Fla. 766,79. 22.4
Lowell 49S.fl23 2.7 ....
Chester, Pa 447.060 12. b
Gre^nsturg. Pa... 307.754 .... 24. a
iRockford. Ill 471,149 1S.4 ....
! BInshamton 4*5,50<) -.2 ....
Springfield. Ohio. 449.201 4.3
Bloomir.gton, 111.. 323,275- 11.2
Qulncey. Ill 310.784 ...; ....
Stoux Falls. S. D. 337.320 27.8
Mar.xfleld. Ohio.. 226,230 - 16.4 ....
Deoatur. Ill 371.328 41.0 ....
Jacksonville. 111.. 292.1^0 104.2 ....
Fremont. Neb 202,301 29.4 ....
•Htustcn 16.030.840 35.0
•Galvetton 10.119.0CO 37.5 ....
Charleston. S. C. . ¦ 870.662 .... 3.7
Cedar Rasids ... 365.756 ....
Totals. U. S ?2,150.823.841 IS. I '
Outside N. Y... 816.215.700 0.9 ....
CANADA.
Montreal *20.W2.665 2.8
Toronto ....; 1B.277.067 3.4 • ....
Winnipeg 4.8.SH.741 7.2 ....
Ottawa 2,030.026 2.5 ....
Halifax l,f>65,«H 5.3 ....
Quebec 1.524,110 9.7
Vancouver. B. C 1. Col, 612 12.9
Hamilton 1,147.129 .... 3.7
London. Ont £68,114 7.6 ....
St. John, N. B 1.0M.S31 8.9
Victoria. B. C 726.266 .... 10.2
Total*. Canada... *52.644,051 3.2» ..,.
•Not lncludfd in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
¦Exchange and bullion.
LOCAL.-'
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 87}4
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — 4 £Ms
New York Exchange, sight — 02V«
New York Exchange. . telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 66H
Mexican Dollars .* — 46
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 218
Berlin on London 20.41*4
Paris on London .25.23
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets remained
about the same. Chicago declined 2Vic and
futures here were 1 Vic lower In sympathy,
with a quiet market, but recovered In the af
terncon. . - ' -
Cash Wheat was quoted a fraction higher
¦11 around and firm, with a fair demand. The
millers say that the flour now coming In from
the north is on old contracts, and when they
are all j filled there will be an opportunity to
advance Flour, and in this case the raiders
will re-enter 'the market as buyers.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4O@l 50; California White
Australian. $1 55gl 62H: Northern Club, $140
$150; Northern Bluestem, $lS7feQl 62 Vi per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. in.
• t Open. High. Low. Oos*.
December ..$1 50% $1 60% $1 C0% $1 60%
2 d. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 50% $1 51% $1 50}j $1 51«
BARLEY — There were sales of Feed at both
extremes yesterday, showing a wider range, to
prices. Futures were steady.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 06@l 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12H«?1 ITU; Chevalier. $1 17%«1 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. rn.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 09H $109% $1 C3% $109%
2 c. m. session.
December-7-$l C9%.
OATS — Receipts were large yesterday, being
10,3lK> ctls. Black are offering , more freely
and are quiet and rather weak. Reds are in
active demand and firm, as a Government or
der for Manila Is. being filled and large pur
chases are being made for this account. It is
an installment of the large order placed here
several months ago. and every outgoing trans
port takes a portion of It. -White and Gray
are nominal, 'as there are but few her*. 1
White, $1 37*461 47*4: Surprise. $1 6OS1 CO;
Red. (i 22H@1 421* for feed and $1 37^9
1 47 >i tor seed; Black. $1 3061 35 for feed and
$1 50&1 65 for^eed.
CORN — Previous prices rule and, the market
shows no change.
Western sacked, $1 41 U Cl *5 for Yellow,
$1 474*61 60 for White and $1 37H31 40 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 50; small
round do. 41 55@1 62 H; Whit*, nominal; Egyp
tian. $1 35@1 45 for White and $1 2531 30 for
Brown. \
RYE— $1 3501 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 p«r ctl.
Wall-sired stocks unsettled and irregular.
Local securities in fair movement, but weaker.
SUvcr and Exchange not materially changed.
fractional advance in local cash Wheat. Barley steady.
Outs in active demand for Manila account.
Corn and Rye quiet at previous quotations.
Flour very finn, with an advance anticipated.
Sever, hundred cars of Hay sidetracked in the country.
Bran still weak under free receipts from the North.
Nothing new in Beans or Seeds. Onions in larger receipt.
Potatoes unchanged, though receipts arc heavier.
Pjndtrx and Game cleaned up zucll.
Fair demand for fresh Fruit for Honolulu and the North:
First Cranberries of the season in from Oregon.
Butter, Cheese and Egg market slowly hardening.
Precision markets still in unsatisfactory condition.
Most cf the 1904 Hops already out of growers' hands. .
Hides locally strong, with salted higher.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
From start to finish the wheat market was
characterized by extreme weakness. A belief
that I he present bull campaign had reached
its tentth apparently prevailed quite gener
ally In ihe> dH, and as a result the market
was subjected to heavy realizing sales through,
out the entire session. Warmer weather in
the "West and Northwest was perhaps the most
influential factor effecting the market. The
Improvement in weather conditions, together
with lower cables, caused liberal bellinc at
the or-enins asd initial sales were made at
a considerable decile* from yesterday's cics
lng limitation.*, December being down %6rsC
to &sff>*c at $1 14*401 15 &. May opened
%QV,c to lower At $1 ieii@l l«ii.
A flipht rally occurred eoon after the opening
en covering by shorts, the May option ad
vancing to $1 16*;. The rally was only
momentary, however, the market soon weaken
ing again under free offerings. The weakness
of the wheat markets in the Northwest was
a powerful influence in the situation ber«
during the latter part of the day. A decline
of 4}±c in ca*h prices at Duluth and a sharp
break in values at Minneapolis seemed to
presage a more liberal country movement in
that sfection. .
A reoort of a St. Louis trade journal
was cocBtrued as bearish, the announcement
being made that weather conditions were
highly favorable for seeding 'operations and
tlm a hirsre acreage was assured. B-jforo
the declining tendency was checked price*
were l'c below the high ooint of the - day.
December sold off to $1 13 and May to $1 14%;
Final q-jotaticyis on December were at ?1 13%0
1 13J-4. May closed at 81 14Ti©l 15.
Clearances of wheat and flour were equal to
40.COO busb-jls. Exports for the week, accord
ing to Itradntreets, were equal to 936.000
bushels. Primary receipts were 052,000 bushels,
compared with 1,057,100 bushels a year ago.
Minneapolis Duluth and Chicago reported re
ceipts of 734 cars, against 434 last week and
779 a year ago.
Prospects of better weather, continued large
primary receipts and the slump in wheat were
the factors that accounted for a break of 10
In the price of corn. The opinion seemed to
prevail that the crop Is now practically -out ot
froet danger. Longs were liberal sailers
throughout the entire day. December opened
V»t*%c to MffHc lower, at 51%©52e, sold be
tween 5041c and 52 He and closed at 51 He
Local receipts were 505 cars, with thirty-eight
of contract srade.
In spite Of th* weakness of wheat and corn,
the oat market held steady. December opened
»;c lower, at 32U£32 a^c. sold up to 32%c and
clos>«d at the top. Local receipts were 112
cars. V '
Influenced by the weakness of "corn and by
the continued liquidation of October holdings,
the provision market had an easier undertone.
Trading was quiet. At the close January pork
was down 2^ie^c. at $12 75. Lard was off
SQT'-c at $7 1G@7 12 H. R ibs were unchanged
at $6 &©ti «7H.
Estimated receipts to-morrow: Wheat. 84
cars; corn 508 cars; oats, 13J> cars; hogs, 11,000
head.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September, old. 1 16 1 16 1 14^ 1 Ufc
September, new 1 12% 1 13^4 1 11 1 111*
December 115*, 115% 113 113%
May 116% 116*4. 114*4 115
Corn No. 2—
September 53 53« Bl'i 62*4
December 52 G2«* 50< 5l£
May 51U 61% 4»% . 60%.'
Oats No. 2 —
September 31^ . 31% 31% 31%
December 32-% 32 T, 32H 32%
May. 35U 35% 35H 33*
Mess Pork, Der bbl. — -
October H> «.'H 10 82*3 10 C2H 10 70
January 12 77>A 12 85 12 72H 12 75
Lard. Der 100 lbs.—
October 6 97^ 7 00 6 02« 6 95
January 7 12* 7 15 7 10 7 12*
Short Ribs, oer ICO lbs.—
October 7 25 7 25 7 10 7 10
| January 6 «7« « «7% 6 62^ 6 67%
CHICAGO, EeDt. 16.— A break of 2c oc
curred in wheat prices here to-day aa a result
of heavy liquidation, due to warmer weather
and to low prices In foreign grain market*.
Tht- market closed almobt at the lowest point.
Corn was down 18H»c Oats were a shade
higher and provisions • unchanged . to 67 %c
lower. • ' ¦
Future Grain and Provisions.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. C0c£$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 20635c per box; Watermelons.
$1@3 ptr dozen.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seedless,
40650c; TOkay, 406 00c; Muscat. 40075c : Isa
bella, 75c; Black. 25£60c. Large open boxes—
Black. 73cS*l 25; Tokay. 83c<Ml 25; Muscat,
75cC"?l 25; Wine Grapes, $12$16 per ten.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $293 50 per
box for Val«ncias; Lemons, $2 5003 50 for
faacy. $1 7S@-2 25 for choice and *1 »ei 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit, $2 5063; Mexican
Limes. $3 tt»@C per case: Bananas. +1 Z^Q
per bunch for Central American and .75cQ
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3Q4 50 per
dozen.
Local trade in the fruit market was quiet.
as usual on Friday, but there was a fair de
mand for shipment to Honolulu and northern
points, and prices of most descriptions were
"cteady. Melons continued "dull, owing to the
reel weather, end there was a larjre accumu
lation of Nutroes Melons and Cantaloupes on
baad that were rapidly spoiling. Strictly fancy
offerings of Grapes in crates were firm, being
wanted for shipment, while ordinary offerings
la small packages dragged at irregular prices.
Large open boxes were generally steady. Th«
Apple market was decidedly weaker, with
stocks of all grades excessive. Som« dealers
were still quoting f? 50 per box for fancy
stock, but there was not enough business at
that figure to warrant such a quotation. Of
ferings of Peaches in small packages were
chiefly of low grade and prices ranged lower.
The canaers were paylag I25&30 per ton for
bulk lots 61 Freestones. Berr.es were gener
ally weak, as most of Thursday's belated ar
rivals were still on ' hand and they had to b«
sold at low prices. The first Cranberries of
the season appeared from Oregon. Five bar
rels came In, but were not sold, having ar
rived too late for the regular trade. Citrus
fruits were firm and there waa a scarcity of
good Orangtp.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50^3 per chest for
large varieties a'nd $3Qo for email berries.
RLACKRERRIEi-- f 1 H>$3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4fc7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— t>C*c per H».
APPLES— *1©1 35 per box for fancy. 73c
C$1 for choice and SS&GUc for common.
PEARS— Bartlett*. tlQl 35 per box; "Win
ter Kellls. l£cG?l; other winter varieties; S59
75c: •
PEACHES — Small boxes, 45GS3c; open boxes,
60cfi*l 25.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 80©S3c per box or
crate.
POMEGRANATES— 40975c for span and 93.
Ql ?5 for large boxes.
QUINCES— £5^50c per box.
FIGS— 25©50c for email and 73c8$l for large
boxes.
Dcciduoits and Citrus Fruits.
VEG KTABLES—
Asrara^us. lb. S^ISH! Lettuce, per doz. 15930
Artichokes. doz.:;<~> .••*j Leeks dz bunc3.15.£29
Beets, doxen KK*—j Mushrooms. lb..30cS«
Beans, white lb. Z& — Onions, per lb.... — 0 2
Colored, per lb. 5© — Okra. dried, lb. .20^ —
Dried IJrr.a. lb. t& « Do gr«ea. lb... 39 5
Green Lima .... — Q 5 Potatoes per lbilVr3:2
Cabbage, each .. TSi 10- I'arsnivs. per dz.l^S2O
Celery, head ... 54*10* Radishes, dz bcl».15«2O
Cress, ds bunch. 13d — ISagc. Ax bnches.25/3 —
Cucumbers, doz.luai,"! String Beans, lb. US 3
Garlic 63 8' Summer Squash.
Green Peppers.lb ZaVA per lb 2JJ 3
Dried Peppers . .l(VB20| Sprouts, per lb..—^a •
Egg Plant, lb.. 3® 5! Spinach, per lb. — 9 5
Green Peas. lb.. 5© 6! Sweet Potatoes.lb— © 3
Grern Corn. i Thyme, ds bnchs.25«3i>
Choice, doz . ..25-S35' Turnips, per doz. — £13
Do common ..15920; Tomatoes. lb .... 39 S
FISH. PER POUND—
Barraccuta — @15jRockcod — «J13
Carp 10C12» 2 |Sea Bass —CIS
Catfish — «12>4;snielts —§15
Codflsh — ei2H!Scles 10015
Flounders 104J — tSkatts. each ....10615
Halibut 15** — [Squid — 010
Herring 1 SQlCJTomcod in«J —
Mackerel — © — Turbot 2CS —
Do hors* 15<* — JTrout — f*73
Rockflsh — 912WVnii:efish 1O8—
Salmon, fresh .. — ff — 'Clsnts crallon ..«f3 —
Do smoked ... — f?25: Do hardshell lb SttiO
Fardines ICO — iCrawflsb. per lbl2H«ilS
Shrimps — 0 — ! Crabs, each .... — 0 —
Shad 1C0— Mussel* lb 12V4«1S
Striped Bass ...lr^tCOi Oysters. Cal 10O.tn«.T>
Perch lOff— I Do Eastern. dz.30©i0
Pcmplno — ©501
Do piatn U-<rl-VVeal Cutlets 15«l3
Roast Veal ..12%ei5'Ccrned Beef — Q 3
Roast Pork ...12>S€15JUeef Stew S&ll»
Fortqtr Lamb. — ©12"*! Mutton Stsw ... 59 <*
Hladqtr Lamb...— GIZ\ Veal Stew liHi I.-,
Foreqtr Mutton.. S-JJIO Sony Meat 5C10
Leg Mutton .... — iflO 5oup Boces .... 4£ —
Tndrlotn Steak.l2%t*l5, Hams 15©1«
Portrhse Steak.. 1S&20' Bacon lS^t^O
Sirloin Steak. .12S&15' Pork Sausage.. 12 '~@ 15
Round Steak.". 10©12%'Cnipped Beef. ...SOS-
Lamb Chops ...15»2u|Lard 12%Q—
FRCIT3 AND NUTS—
Alligtr Peara.ea.2d@25; Lemons, dos 2C©33
Almonds lS^r-l;! Nutme* Mc!ofli,ea.S&10
Apples 4«r bl Nectarines, lb... SMBH>
Blackberries per I Oranges, do* ....3O©*»
drawer ..'. 15C25 Peaches, lb «J« 8
Cranberries qt... — tr.T.i Flums. lb 4© •
Cantaloupes, ea..lC@15 Pears, lb 4® 8
Pecans —^20) Pineapple* each.— #30
BraxU Nuts ....20© — 1 Pomegraate*. d3.it *d~2
Bananas, doi .. ,25©33; Quinces 09t
Coccanuts. each. — li 10. Raisins, lb 10&15
Figs, dried, lb.. 6^ 10| Raspberries, per
Do, fresh, lb.. 5j310( drawer 4CS'"»
Orape Fruit, ix.'oc^.il Strawberries.
Grapes, lb 3& C! per drawer ,...20®5O
Hcklebrrles, lb— -©124! Walnuts. f*r lh.lse2O
Limes, dos 15J2-'! Watsrtr.clone, ea..!533O
The best creamery Butter Js slightly higher
this week and still higher prices »re <?xp»cud
before long, as wholesale rates are advaac;n*-.
Eggs are exchanged, but they, too, nave &n>
upward tendency".
Fruits and Vegetables sfrow considerable re
vision. The market la stiM liberally supplied.
however, and most ktr.ds ar* selling at reisoii
abla prices. Crab Apples bav« JUapj»"ar<-: ami
they are dropped frcia the list of Kndts.
A few slight changes win be noted In Ki.-h
and Poultry. Fresh Salrcon and Crabs ax«
out of the markit.
COAL. PER TCCI—
Wellington .$— ©lo Ou.'New
SeatU* $— Q % SO| Wellington $— «10 00
Rcsiyn $ — |r ii <C Wellington
Richmond ..? — « 9 so| Nut 9 — O 3 (*
Coos Bay ...$—« 7 50!
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Batter, choice. sq.'** 5<;t" ; Hires per dozen
Do rood 4W»«| Ranch — C»
Do packed. lb. — a 25! Common 3 :a3
Cheese. C*l 1&815| Eastern 25t».W
Cheese. Eastern. IT: yJ5- Hoary, ccrr.b. Ib.l3&3u
Cheese. Swiss . .25tf5S] Do extracted .. .-ylu
POULTRY AXO UAME—
Hess, larpe. ea. Bog Sri) Ducks, each ....CScQSl
Do small 5t^,tO 'Uees*. each... — Q*l 5t>
Tow.jt Roosters. (Goslings SI 7Z&i
each 73c<j~li Pigeons, pair • -8»
Old Roosters.* ea_5C3it5j Squabs, per pair.S<>c»i
Fryers each . ..JC-'iCu. \\ V.i Doves, Joz..J; i*.
Broilers, each. . ..Tii?5 >> Ka obits, each . .-ti-L ¦_•.*,
Turkeys, per lb.l"fc«/:», Il3rc. each — C25
MEATS. PKR POUND—
Roast Beef. • | Mutton Chop* ... — 613
choice cuts ..15©20i Pork Chops ....— »;3
k»ls closing at £22 10s la London and at
$5 KfiO 20- in, the local market.
Iron closed at 5Cs 3d In Glasgow and at
4"s 3d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
chanzed. .'.
Chicago Board of Trade.
leeted, 34c fcr choice and 3O832&C for com
mon; cold storage. 2732Sc: store.. 25#2Oe;
Eastern. 25i?2Se for firsts. ri£23c for se<xnJ3
and 2otf21c for bakers*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 190:1.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Family Retail Market
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MAEKET.
k Continuetl on F»fie Twelve*
13"Gloria" from "Twelfth Mass," -by Mo
zart ; closing with the "Star - Spangled
Banner." The second night" will open
with "Praise Ye the Father," by Gou
nod; second number, "The Heavens
Are Declaring," by .Beethoven, and will
close with "America."
' ( II 'you want'; the"; best v in f photographs goMfl
I^nU's^SW Market >t; CoJonibla'bldg. , •
"' \ Have . It » printed *. by j Edward • Knowles .Com
pany,' 24 Second st.; telephone Main 60S. " •
Gives Enjoyable Garden Party.
A delightful garden party .was given
yesterday afternoon by the St. Charles
booth for 'the benefit, of St Charles
MONSEN GIVES LECTURE.— A "large audi
ence listened to the Illustrated lecture of Fred
erick- I Monsen, 'clven under ' the auspices of
the - California-. Club, : last ¦< night ' atr the.. Al
hambra. Mr. • Monsen'* ¦ subject was On ¦ the
Trail of 'the . Spanish -Pioneers.'; : .
"As a man thlnketh,' so l« he." As a man
drinketh. so Is he.' Drink Gilt Edge Whiskey
and you'll b« good. Wlchman, Lutgen & Co..
29-31 Battery St.. San ; Francisco. ¦ •
CLEVER JAPANESE ARRESTED.— George
Mayretta, a Japanese, was arrested last night
by Officers Sam Orr' and' J. Fennel on, Mason
street and , placed on the detinue . book at the
City . Prison. Mayretta has beenposlny as a
contractor, "furnishing ' laborers.. - He ordered
C400O : worth ' of : groceries from ', the firm * of
Sussman &.Wormser and then. made a borrow.
He ."was caught' as h» was • working the same
:a me . on J. •; S. ¦ O' Brlen. a merchant ' of ¦ 217
Mason street. ::..-¦'¦ - :. ; •
¦ , visitors 'to -our -'city. '.and. i'tlie public
senerally. : are- -cordially^' invited ;. to visit
our newly " fitted art* rooms. 'New collec :
tions of tho very Jatest -.things t In ; pic :
tures and -frames.; •Sanborn. Vaii:& Co.,
711 Market street.* -j;','. :¦ :.':.;. ..
A Xcw Art-Gallerj'.
James Means' J2 50 and $3 00 Shoes
for men have no equal; 100 styles; all
leathers Superior to many $3 50 and
54. 00 Shoes. Why. not save this extra
profit. Sold from -maker to wearer,
through- James Means' Shoe Store, 16
Fourth street. . -r" >-' *
AGENT CLANCT: GOES EAST. — Eugrene
Clancy, the business ' agent ' of the Bridge and
Btructural Iron-WorkersMJnion, has been. dele-,
"ated by his union 'to go to Toronto. "Canada,
to attend the . International ; convention which
meets at that : place next week. The autles
ot his of nee ". will- be ttlled by J. JIcGuisran
durlnr his absence, which will Ije- about two
months. It Is the Intention • of 'Acent Clancy
to visit localities in* the* Easf where branches
or his union. are: located;! ;.,.- :
Without' 1 seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful .Jewelry
store in the world.. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally -welcome. . 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. ;••
To Visit San • Francisco
A murmur of '• excitement buzzed
through the"; courtroom when tno
statement was made: ' Instantly Judge
Ccnlan began .a rigid' cross-examlna
tl6n of the witness... She refused to be
shaken, but repeated . the testimony.
Attorney Cannon, for: the defense, rose
to his feet with objections. ,
The Judge and asked the
attorney why^he had not brought. the
witness forward before. The attorney
said he had discovered the evidence
late. . ' '-.V 7 '; ' • ¦ ": '¦ ¦"
"Did you consult with Dr. Brennan
before you came here?" the Judge
asked the woman.
"I did not," was the answer. . And
though r she appeared to wince ..under
the fire of- similar cross-questions, she
held by '.this testimony." v •
This testimony concludes ; the de
fense, and the case will be argued to
morrow. .-¦ . ;
"I am glad, that I have given Dr.
Brennan my money. He is to proviae
a- home for me during the rest of my
life." - ¦ . -.¦-¦¦• • " .
Mrs. Mattie E. Huffman', a profes
sional nurse, swore that in 1892, while
she was employed at Alameda' In the
same house where the physician and
the priest resided, Father . Gray re
marked to her:-
The defense in the case of Dr.
Thomas ;F. Brennan," accused of rob
bing the aged priest. Father Gray, of
$37,000, was concluded yesterday with
a sensation. .
Captain Ahern says the Filipinos are
rapidly becoming accustomed to Amer
ican, methods of government, and that
they have shown a decided change | for
the better during the last twelve
months.* He added that Americans in
the Philippines, do not like the Idea «f
paying duty on goods from the United
States, and he expressed the opinion
that a system of internal revenue
would soon be ''substituted for the cus
toms tarift as a. means for the main
tenance 'of: the government of the
islands.
We have a forest reservation also which is
set aside for special protection, to conserve
either the water flow of certain streams or
the forest itself. The only difference be
tween the reservations and other, public forests
is that the reservations cannot be entered upon
as homesteads or sold. . ¦ ; •
There are between 500 and 700 kinds of
timber taken out, there being fully 1500 kinds
of wood In the Islands. Sometimes forty dif
ferent species are found on one acre of cround.
On one tract of 100 square . miles you will
find fully 400 different species.
*We have a large workshop Jn Manila su
perintended by • three expert cabinet-makers
from Rochester, , N. T., assisted by thirty or
forty Filipinos. In this snop we endeavor to
show i the values • and beauties of different
woods, especially of the kinds that are found
In greatest abundance.
In the • Philippines we did not start. In on
scientific work, but first endeavored • to shew
results In revenue. We made $100,000 th«
first year, *1CO,000 the second and then $280,
000. So. after the first year, when I asked
for appropriations, they were very generous.
Before having legislation on the subject I
had a talk for two days with the lumbermen —
Chinese. Spanish and Filipinos. We have as a
rule .public discussion- of public acts - before,
they are passed, so when, this came up then
was very little left to be said after our con
ference.
Captain George P. Ahern. Ninth
United States Cavalry, who has been
serving for several years as Govern
ernment chief forester in the Philip
pines, was among the pasengers arriv
ing on the transport Sherman yester
day. He is on his way to the St. Louis
Exposition, where he will superintend
the disposition of the Philippine ex
hibits after the close of the fair. With
a half-million dollar appropriation
Captain Ahern has succeeded during
the last four years In effecting a thor
ough forestry service in Uncle Sam's
new possessions, where sixty stations,
in charge of competent American for
esters, have been established. Every
possible precaution has been taken to
prevent the spread of forest fires, and
strict rules are being enforced to reg
ulate the cutting of timber by the
Chinese, Spanish and American lum
bermen. In discussing his department
Captain Ahern said yesterday.
Captain Ahern, the Chief
Forester of Philippines,
Tells of Work Done There
Mrs. Mattic Huffman Gives
Testimony in Gray Case
in Favor- of Dr. Brennan
To-night a notable wedding will take
place at 1230 Pine street, when Miss
Violet Jacobs will become the bride of
Robert L. France, lumber inspector of
the Southern Pacific Company.
Miss Jacobs is an attractive maid,
dark of hair and blue of eye and pos
sessed of a fetching style. The young
bride was educated at the Academy, of
the Sacred Heart in this city, where
her cleverness and charm won her
hosts of friends. „ ., \
¦ After being graduated Miss Jacobs
and her mother traveled abroad for a
year, spending much time In Paris — :
from:wher.ce 'tis said much of the
trousseau has come, v .,
Mr. France is well connected and is
exceptionally popular; In his business
arid social affiliations: '-- ,V
¦ The wedding will be attended only by
relatives. *
Is the "gladdest day of all the
year" for the little lads and lassies
over . in the gray stone house on the
San Anselmo hills— the San Anselmo
Orphanage.
For to-day are the gardens and
lawns of the Kent home at Kentfleld
(near Ross) turned over for the making
of dollars and dimes for the main
tenarfce of the orphanage and which is
under the patronage of many charming
maids and matrons from this side and
from San Rafael and Ross.
Loads of attractions will interest the
hosts of good folk— big and little— who
go over for sweet charity's sake.
There will be willing donkeys to ride,
which have given their word to behave
decorously and not "buck." Baskets
of grapes, grown on the Kent acres,
purple and luscious, will be sold for
the little inmates of the gray stone
house on the hill, ice cream, candy and
all the dear sweet things of .childhood.
A Scottish piper promises to play the
bonny airs of "Auld Scotland" and
fetching ballads will be sung by Wil
liam Balnaves and Mrs. John Dempster
McKee. ¦
The Presbyterian Orphanage should
be the happier to-night by a thousand
dollars for the day's labor of love at
Kent. Those who go over early for a
day's outing under the purpling grapes
and the soft . magnolias need have no
haunting fears of hunger— for luncheon
will be served by some mighty, pretty
maids— and served for a quarter— with
change back. - .
Loads of men are going over on the
2 o'clock boat, but the 10 a: m. will
bear, most of the feminine patrons.
WOMAN SWEARS
AGAINST PRIEST
The Important announcement' Is . made In
Town -Talk - thl» week that Edwin ; H. - dough,
tha r.oted Journalist, haa written;for.that'en
terprising I paper . a eerie* I of * articlea I on the
subject of the missionaries In China and Japan;
The . initial article, appearing • in the ; current
issue, is cf «.' character bound to attract wide
spread attention. It Is entitled "Missionary
Graft In. the Orient." The Saunterer discusses
¦om« interesting political news, - throws Mme
light on the - Anaconda ¦ deal • recently; han
dled by -.Tom: Lau-ton, and
teU« about . Greenway's new • agency and his
contemplated abdication. - why • the . aristocrats
of • Roes • Valley . are nervous, and - about an or- 1
icanlzed movement - against - co-cducatlon ;. at
Berkeley. - . In the editorial , column* ' there are
several forceful. paragraphs explanatory of : the
decenenUsn * of - the Etat e . Fair. ' - '
The Enterprising VVcckly.
The musical part of • the reception of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge Ms , in' the:
hands of the eminent' director, Carl
Sawvell, w ho . has organized \ a * grand
chorus numbering five hundred voices.
With a few rehearsals he has. brought
them .to a. standard worthy the mas
ters whose works they are singing. '
The chairman of the music commit
tee. Past' Grand Master W.-W. Wat
eon., has .been untiring, in his efforts
in, assisting Director Sawvell to en
roll member* for the chorus. •'
The chorus -Is made lip: chiefly of
good material and. a musical treat of
more than ordinary merit ; is In store
for, Monday and Tuesday-evenings,
September 19 and 20.; _••:
Mr." Sawvell has written for, the first
night a 'grand • "Welcome Choral,"
words and • music, which has ; been re-j
celved very favorably; the second num-.
ber wlll::be "Pilgrims'. Chorus" (from
VLombardi") by Verdi; the third.; the
Mayor. Schmltz. chairman: Cav. .Andrea
Sbarbero, vice chairman ;,W. de St. Paul-Seitz,
secretary ;"-F. W.Dohrmann, George E.-Mcrse,
General C. A. Coolldge, Judge George H.
Bahn, Clement Bennett. Dr." A. G. Devendorft,
Rufus P. Jennings, Chauncey M. St. . John,
Colonel F. E. Beck. Hon. Julius Kahn. Wll
llara Greer Harrieon. P. N.. LUienthal, Cap
tain G. W. Wlttman. William" McMurray. W.
Frank Pierce . General T. H. Goodman, Colonel
George H. Pippy. Admiral Whiting, U. S. N.
FIVE HUNDRED VOICES.
The following executive committee
v.as appointed and will- meet 'thfs
morning "at 11 o'clock in the Mayor's
office to discuss and arrange further
'details. ' ;¦-. " ¦:"
Allan Pollok, manager of the Hotel
St. Francis, offered to provide the com
mittee headquarters at the hotel. This
was accepted with a vote of thanks
and . on. Monday next the committee
will open offices on the mezzanine floor
of t,he hotel. A statement by Andrea
Sbarboro, president of the California
Promotion Committee, that that body
would be happy to receive visiting Odd
Ffcllows, was , recorded, with apprecia
tion. ' '.: ' . •" " .
chanics" Pavilion next Friday night
shall be a full dress affair. This de
cision, the committee believes, will re
sult in a much more effective function
and will better preserve the dignity
of the order. A scene presented by a
mighty mass of people whirling in the
waltz, some hatted, others hatless,
seme in full dress and others in outing
suits, is never pleasing. This the com
mittee is going to avoid. ;.
The citizens' committee, organized
to further the interests of the city and
State during the Knights .Templar Con
clave, having decided to lend its aid
also to the Odd Fellows, conferred .yes
terday with a committee from the last
named organization. The meeting was
held in the office of Mayor Schmitzin
the City Hall and many suggestions
were offered and accepted that will
tend to insure' the success of the en
campment.- -
GARDEN FETE
AT KENT HOLDS
FORTH TO-DAY
fair at Howard and Eighteenth
streets. Children of the parish were
graciously entertained by the ladies
of the parish and games were plenti
ful for the little ones. In the even
ing Thomas Learned presided and a
splendid musical programme was ren
dered. Among: tha clergymen present
were the Rev. Father J. McDonald.
Rev. Father T. P. Moran and Rev.
Father J. Cantillon.
N ATI VE TREES
ARE PROTECTED
LEADER AND MEMBERS OF THE
GRAND CHORUS THAT WILL.
SING FOR THE ODD FELLOWS.
It was announced last evening by the
fomm:..te on decorations that by to
night all of the changes in the street
illuminations will have been made.
This committee is especially proud of
Its work in Mechanics' Pavilion. Here
the three largest links ever constructed
by rhe order for decorative purposes
have been installed. They measure
fifty-one feet across and will present a
brilliant eight when illuminated with
white, red and purple lights.
The committee on entertainment has
decided that the ball to be held in Me-
The sessions of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge will be held in Native Sons'
Hall, which will be decorated in a way
to illustrate in a distinctive man
ner the resources of the State. Each
day a committee will supply fresh flow
ers In abundance and there will be a
liberal supply of fruits. As the order
does not permit the use of wines or
spirits at any gathering in the name
of Odd Fellowship, the exhilarating
products of the State will not be in
evidpnee.
THKEE MONSTER 1JXKS.
John B. Goodwin of Atlanta. G&., grand
*ire; R. E. Wright of Allentown. Pa., deputy
rrmnd sire: J. Frank Grant of Baltimore. Md..
trrxnd — liflj; Elvin J. Curry of Baltimore.
y.t . aieiFtant pmnd secretary; M. R. Muckle
of Philadelphia. I'a.. erand treasurer; Rev. J.
%V. Venable of Hopklnsvllle. Ky.. grand chap
lain: J. ti. vTo< krura cf In4iana]>olU. Ind..
Krand mart-h&l; !:.J»:n L.. Pllsbury of Charles
tr»n. M;..-« . frriind guardian, and Louis F.
Hart of Tacoma. Warh.. grand messenger.
A majority of the officers of the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows will arrive in
Fan Francisco bv special train to-night.
Committees from this city and Sacra
mento will meet the train at Reno,
New, early this morning and escort the
distinguished visitors to the city. The
officers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
are:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1904.
SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE OFFICERS
ARE DUE IN SAN FRANCISCO TO-NIGHT
14
MARKS BROS.
We'll Describe a
FEW SPECIALS
...FOR....
TO-DAY
Tbonffh the WHOLE STOCK Is
Equally IHTEttEBTOTQ.
$i.oo • cn«
AUTO VEILS :}5%M&i
Another Shinment of Those BE ATTTI-
ruL CEirrow "attto veils" That
Have Been the WOZTSEB and Talk of
All Our PATRONS Durinsr the I.a«t
rew Weeks. Veil Like Out Comes In
AU COLORS— 3 yds, long. , , I
THIS IS THE SALE OF KNIT
UNDERWEAR — C1- HH
$k5OWoolVests>PV uu
All-Wool HIGH-NECK, LONG-
SLEEVE VESTS, in All COLORS.
PAMTS and TIOHTS to MATCH.
•We Glfe You a Description of/
this; $2;oo bag^45
These WALRUS ¦ BAGS Come In
BROWN and taw ONLY — Braided
Handles— Change ; Purse— A > Rare
Treat at 'ST. 4. ».•¦•'•¦••.'•:•'- ,'.-¦'
GURXCa.LACEv
:^Kl^^^vj;coLLARsi
NEW FALL STYLES.
They're the 7.*>c* Pt. Venise Kind; In
ZCBP ONLY. Special .To-Pay .45c.'
WOMEN'S FAST BtACKiC^
„ HOSE, 22c Kind PG
Com*' In Either Ribbed Top or Plain
¦ ¦'.•¦• ¦ ' ¦ •. Black ; Hose". ¦• ; -><>-,. : . ,
Store Closed -Air Day Monday.
MARKSBROS
"The Home of Honest Values,"
1220-1224 Market Street-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦
The sale of Columbus
Buggies and Carriages
formerly owned by
Glenn Bros., 1321 Mar-
ket street, still contin-
ues. We have bought
this stock and have sold
at cost, or less, 138 vehi-
cles in 10 days. The
store is for rent on Oc-
tober 1st, and there are
still 200 jobs to be sold,
including Surreys, Bug-
gies, Runabouts, Phae-
tons and a general line
of fine work.
This is an opportunity
if you need a carriage.
STUDBBAKRtt
RROSfOMPANY
1321-23-25 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Pears'
> is i not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor^ of shaving-
stick soap.
carters! cuhb sick HEADAcnE »
BBittie Gstsnino Must Bear
9Shll& fWimflo Sgwtart
Ww W^' Coats f or Children wj , \w^
1^55 © Ll Hold Reception at Hale's To-Day -|| t?|[|.R\\
' / -Jjff^^7? I \ r \i The materials « the stvles and the prices will be a welcome revelation. ti j I Ijj / XH
•' • 'f!\L I 1 I il They're as different from the ordinary coats for children as linen is in . j j \& f^jf Jj
' //'/ — "^ il 1 A\\ from cotton. That's why thev are here; that's why we are emphasizing? Ill (ill Wd__JjP\ '
I ttr'l \\ir'-\ ; (fo \ fijl M them so forcibl y; that's why we want you to come and see them to-day. jjj ffl £j [«^?ff>^\\
' '#/?/ til Hi It lull tW We know you win be Klad to eet aCf i uaintcd with them - You know you II fl lwtjit m\
//Ml/ mil I -i I IlluW m'\ are as welcome to look as vou are to buy. ' Ijj i |f\r^ Vi\\
Hill ll III ! \fe\Wn \\\\ Such br 'K ht ' new - » TCtl y styles, individually, girlish. But seethe coats I||j j lil iMlll m\
II I I III \\l\\\\\ \\\) in the picture; how nobby they are, how perfectly they hans: and fit! They l.'iji IlK\\\\4 P^>
Ml I I III ' 1 IllftWW ll represent dozens of others in the store. Every one absolutely all wool and 111] |ft SB JS
Mill I I III ' ' R w\\ \\M proven; that's what Wooltex meant originally. It means more now, for the P||| ; || ] W&Xpi+&~r^/fi'
Ullllll \ 111 l\ft\\B maker has raised his standard until it represent^ all that is best, not only J i Hmg^/yy^ ///
ill [ i Im IM-i^i in material, but in workmanship and style and finish. ; - , . \SS /&%&+'//y /^'
_L^J-U|gC : * i^. His business has grown to such proportions that his prices aren t higher KW 7*$M / Z^^'
. than^others charge for inferior goods. Three years ago he wanted us to H\ / t^^^r^
JffiW brine these coats to California. He made bier promises. Now he has kept them and the E&B JvCS 2 "
\^V" {&*&$ coats are three years better than they 'were then. The worthiest that San Francisco has < &&jQ>mr
k v^W^^I cvcr secn - Because we have given him this six-store outlet San Francisco children can wear T*l &»£<9v
W£^Y'$$$Mr\' thcm an(i P av less than many New York stores can sell them for. %A*5?Z-+gr'
%^^ i^^^P^a. Splendid Wooltex suits for women, too, but it's the children's coats to-day. We want
3^^^^a yOU to corae and sec tncm - -^ n '^ ea °^ P r ' ces m
Men's Neckwear, 50c TWO StyleS flt $5.00 Curtain Swiss, 8Jc
Some.storcsivould charge %\.oo. One's a long coat of rich mannish material, has a big cape r A zvhitc lappet Scotch weave.
Large English square ties to be over the shoulders, turnover collar, smart box back with stitched Neat stripe effects, makes pretty
tied at Ascots, bbth ends very large, straps across the waist line, lapped pockets, tailor sleeves. Cape, drapings for the bedchamber, full
colors. 50c to-day. ' and silk braid. Choose, from a- dark gray or a rich brown. Sikes
Sale of Sox, 19c : 6 to 14 years. $5.00. h Peanut CHsp, 25C
Regular 25c cashmere ones, natural | Another coat at $5.00, in zibeline, with shoulder tapes, the new r . . r »t
fe r a a^le J s U s St n a on?s O h°?irr k lK .'Ji'.ffi military collaf, turnover cuffs, trimmed with dark red piping and fancy /«/««* Of 3^ »•
9hi to 11%.* X9c buttpns; sizes 6 to 14 years. Colors blue and gray. $5.00. All coats Hales Saturday candy extra; one
111 have capes for extra warmth and winter comfort. of the best we have had; better than
¦ popcorn crisp. A splendid candy
New Kid' Gloves Long Coat at $7.50: -Tourist Coat, $10.00: to have in the house over Sunday.
N™ sivlrs new shades • Collarless. with shoulder capes, In a dark Scotch tweed mixture. 25c instead of 35c lb.
, J\ew Stj US ?ICW S/iaaes. stitched cloth strap over the shoul- Siiu^hSrif 'wUh" bSt ¦ mUltSS 50c French mlxed ' 35 ° lb - Or * lbS - for
Ready now and better than ever. ders and down the front, puff ?S d ,S s^ves S fde Sffi «¦*>.
The Hte Jouvin $1.50 IS a 3-clasp sleeves, band cuffs, trimmed with trimmed with velvet, gilt braid and
French kid. soft and pliable, fits velvet buttons and braid; navy and fancy buttons, giving: It a Jaunty r»»i_i-
perfectly. It's its stylish appear- brown; sizes 6 to 14 years. $7.50. effect. $10.00. I firee FNeW KlDDOnS
I f s "ac,ro O n me bo!h in B wiar Si % ~ ~ ¦ SllOrt *««* ft™ »>< f^<^>-
;{^i^gii^ii|l .Hundreds of School and Dress a. ,h^|^^
S x /2 to 7 x /2- • w « j /• A.\^ /"* t- 2 1 +* •%. wxl1 cut an y length you want. -• '
Mas^u^ffSen^h^r^n^ea^ 0318 t.Or tUQ CHllCiren 2 7 C Ribbon at I 4 C :
and brown and red; then. tan. mode, .. , . Satin taffeta, in white, cream, light
gray, pearl, white and black. $1.50 pr. To-day the first children s day of fall, and one that means mucn to blue and plnk; a i ove iy ribbon;
Blanche Suede, $1.50 pr. — Finished on CV erv mother and every little jrirl who wants a new hat for school or dress. nearly half price,
.the back.' with one row of silk fillet * v h thoucht as much of children as we have of women and pre- _ n njtv t *¦-.
f^BEB^S&S^^^ pared Ve .We V have° £g deep to get hats that would wear and at the same for a taf-
, colors. 5% to'7% in black. t j mc look well and cost less than you have been accustomed to pay. feta £ bbo £ the best we can get? 4
At 81.00— The new H. B. glove, a 2- Arid to-day they make their -opening bow. in. wide; white, cream, light blue,
clasp -kid. finished with one row of cardinal and pink,
embroidery. You will be surprised < , ___ ~ _ . X?;KK rt « ,0^.
at the fit and style. Colors: tan. flific rf?lt"Q RT VSC 39c Klbbon at I»c:
• mode, gray red. brown^ blue pearl. > VJITfl^ IldL2> dL 7OC 4 4 In. wide, satin taffeta, la white
white ana"blatk. ¦ 5% to vva in coi- .• , . '• . • • or cream
ors. 5% to 8 In black, f 1.00. Stylish shapes with a broad roll to the brim, trimmed with pretty
silk cords, ribbon streamers and quills, in brown and reseda green. __
f&^ffiLJSF Tffl A Then there are hats in white, champagne, and soft shades of blue and -**(. /ffl «
green, rich colors. And felt sailors, pretty as can be, and practical, J3^^ &££& $£> *0^ S^S
0g And hundreds of other hats, even as low as 50c; these have a broad *& r<< nn '^^
¦^**£££?J i J2zZZ^ . brim and are in mock beaver, with ribbon bands and quill trimmings. ~" <p,
Market Steeet, Near. Sixth, S. F. And at 65c. Bring the little girl and see them to-day. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. P.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...Be on the Safe Side... J
It is much safer to j|
wear garments fashioned |
expressly, for you. . . '¦
Ready, made clothes
are fashioned for nobody
in particular.
The dealer is obliged
to insist on your se-
lection in order to make
the sale.
They Dictate to You
You Dictate to Us
Suits from
$17.50 up
Trousers to order-
$5.oo UP :
Samples and self-
measurement free by
mail. • ••¦'¦• .: ; .- : :v'
ChaiXybniNS
LONDON TAILOR
72iHifkgn^l22fe4rny^t
¦i *j}~ M MSB W W * I^Hi^BHRMBB -*-
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED:
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO:
933 Market St., Opp. Mason.
. SHEET MUSIC— PHONOGRAPHS.