VOLUME XCVI— NO. 121.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER' 29, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Saxony's King Grows Weaker.
DRESDEN. Sept 29. — King George
of i Saxony Is much weaker. All the
members of .the royal family living in
Dresden have assembled.
BOSTON,^Sept* 28.^— Gertrude : Ath
erton. the jSan. Francisco' writer, . has
decided to"return:to America-. to, write
her new - .novel; ' instead . of :flnlshing? it
in Germany,' as she originally r intend
ed. She will "spend- the. winter in Cal
ifornia and i do her : work .there, ac
cording to • information : received here.'
• It is reported ¦: that Tauchnitz: dares
not publish, her ''.'Rulers of. Kings'; in
Germany ' and • it ¦ is -¦ said ; that the , book
is , too ¦. outspoken to • suit ' the ; German
censors.;'. •<' ':.i- .':,":.: '. : . ..•;:'.'.;. ¦
GERTRUDE ATHERTON
COMING^ TO CALIFORNIA
LEAVES $29,000 TO PAY
DEBTS OF NEARLY $500,000
- NEW, HAVEN, Conn., Sept 5 28.
The administrator's report 'on the es
tate of Wilson Waddingham. the
ranch owner, who died in the West a
few years ago, was presented in the
Probate Court to-day. is $29,
000 in hand • to nay claims approxi
mating a half million. Not many years
ago -Waddingham was rated, to be
worth ; from - seven - to ten millions. ¦:
nitrroNs want no war
WITH I'MTLD STATES
I:.«ijjlish Chambers of Commerce Urrc
Government to Conclude Arbitra. I
tJon Treaty With America.
MANCHESTER, Sept. 28.— The As-
Bcciatiot; of the Chambers of Com
merce of the United Kingdom, at a
meeting here to-day, passed a resolu
tion urging the Government to con
clude an arbitration treat* with tiie
United States. • j
HOPE*. TO SEE AMERICAN
FLAG FLYING , IN AFRICA
as to Tills Nation's
Expansion.
Bishop Hartzell Has Ambitious Views
RICHMOND. Ind.. Sept 28.—-Bish
op Hartzell, for several years; Meth
odist Bishop in Africa, delivered a
striking lecture here last night He
sals the, happiest moment In his -life
was when Great Britain won the Boer
war. He said Kruger was wrong and
his republic would have been a fail
ure. -\
Bishop Hartzell declared he . hoped
to see the time when the American
flag should float- over.'* portion, of
African territory ' and declared that
Africa could ¦ be . divided by . the • weat
nations of the earth without a war. ¦
BERLIN, Sept. 28.— Emperor Wil
liam's physicians have ordered him to
gc on a , Mediterranean cruise next
winter for the sake of his health. This
fact has renewed the apprehension
which has been dormant ever since
the Emperor had his attack" of throat
trouble a year ago. It is feared the
old trouble is again becoming mani
fest ; ;c "7.
Renewed Apprehension Over the
German Ruler's State
V i / of Health.: < V."?'
KAISER'S PHYSICIANS ORDER
HIM TO TAKE A CRUISE
der a thick screen of blackberry. bushes.
The ; boy :" was . nearly , exhausted ' from
want of .food and. his. limbs 'were stiff
and - sore . from his lying In a cramped
position for nearly 'ten hourt
NEW YORK; Sept 28.— Herbert
Howe, 11 years.old, started for school
bright and happy at 8 o'clock : this
morning, "after, kissing his "' mother
good-by. The lad. wa- obliged! to pass
through . Percy street, an undeveloped
thoroughfare, . which . : connects - State
street and Broadway. He walked brisk
ly along until suddenly out of a clump
of bushes at the side of the road
sprang a dozen young fellows, yelling
like Indians and brandishing coils of
rope. : > ; ..,-"; i-vr..
Before he could utter a cry Herbert
was seizedby a score of hands and his
arms pinioned behind his back. Two
black silk handkerchiefs were. produced'
by one" of his captors -and these wore
tied over his mouth and eyes, acting
as an effective blindfold and gag. -The
boy was then - ordered to walk -along
with his. captors.
• In j recounting his adventures the
little fellow wept bitterly and exhibited
two long red ridges on his bare arms,
whtr* tile cords had cut, Into his flesh.
The' lad is unable to describe exactly
the spot where he was taken. I ut says
that after walking a long time he was
taken ' into a • wood ' and through some
bushes that 'scratched his? face. Then
he ! was ¦ laid ' upon the • Ground, his feet'
were tied together and he felt himself
falling into a hdle. , \v ' t
Accompanied by ; Mrs.- Howe, whonad
heard of the. kidnaping. 1 three detectives
started: this .afternoon for .the woods,,
which are, about; -a , half ¦¦.. mile 4 - away.
After: a search, lasting; more than two
hours,\the hiding place of little Herbert
was. located in: an abandoned un-
.The rancher. was attacked by the bull
just as he had released his horse. The
bull's onslaught knocked him down,
and as the animal dropped to its knees
over him in an effort to gore Mm with
its short . horns,, the rancher ' grasped
the rope through the brass ring in the
animal's nose and held on for dear life.
He struggled to his -feet andTnanaged
to get the anirnkl near the fence, where
the rope slipped through the ring. By
this time Cardiff had only just enough
strength to stagger a few feet away
and then dropped to the ground ex
hausted. ¦'
The animal tore the ring through Its
nose and' fled across the pasture. The
rancher thought it was coming at him
again, but was too weak to even make
an attempt to crawl through the fence.
He was. picked up later by some of his
employes and members of his family,
who had been at work In an: adjoining
field j almost within - call • of . the place
where. the, fierce battle took place.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 28.— J. M.
.Cardiff," a prominent rancher, Is in a'
critical condition to-night as the re
sult, of. "a desperate fight with an in
furiated bull in his pasture. Several of
his ribs are- broken- and he has many
severe bruises about t the head, neck
and shoulders.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept 28. —
Five thousand miles from ( home and
penniless, two beautiful daughters of
Sir John Arnott. Bart, of. Ireland. J en
route to California on a- pleasure trip,
found themselves ¦„ in a'-. sorry -'-plight
this morning. They arrived several
days ago, resplendent in -Parisian
gowns. To-day they realized -that
their .funds were exhausted, despite
the fact that thei' received- $500 on
arriving in New • York ; from the Cook
Touist Agency. .',;.. •
A cablegram to their father In Cork,
Ireland, brought 'immediate financial
relief. Funds were - cabled : and they
went on their, way rejoicing: this
morning. ; * ._¦ '/' '
Forced to Tarry in the Mountain State
Until Aid Comes From ••
Ireland. - • '. ' "
DAUGHTERS OF BARONET ;
STRANDED IN- COLORADO
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
- . EDINBURGH, Scotland, Sept 28. —
The conference of the' Institute of In
ternational'Law, which began here
September -22, concluded to-day.
President " Roosevelt's announcement
that ; he will shortly call a second
peace conference at The Hague was
discussed. While the conference- did
not dsss a further definite resolution
on the subject, it gave evidence of un
doubted sympathy with this effort to
further the cause of arbitration.
Conference of Institute of Interna
'.. tlonal Law, Which. Eegan Sep
'¦'." ...'. tember 22, Comes to End.
PRESIDENTS ANNOUNCEMENT
DISCUSSED; IN. EDINBURGH
Boy Roughly Handled
by Juirenile "In- ; :
uians"^ ;
Mad Animal Makes
Sayage Attack
¦¦ onRante
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, Sept. 28. —
The Duke of Orleans has asked per
mission of the Government to hire the
Arctic steamship Fram, in which Dr.
Nansen made his voyage to the Arctic
regions, for the purpose of an ; Arctic
expedition in 1905.. It is understood
that the Admiralty will require that
Captain Otto" Sverdrup, the - former
commander; of .the Fram, shall: com
mand the vessel if the • Government
agrees to the proposition of the Duke.
The plan of the- expedition has been
submitted for the approval of the Nor
wegian authorities -and the University,
of Christlania will reap the benefit of at
least a part of, the scientific results of
the expedition. : *v,*-' :V "*;. r ;
Asks Norwegian Government to Rent
Him the Fram, In Which Dr. .
Nansen Went North.
DUKE OF ORLEANS WANTS
TO MAKE ARCTIC VOYAGE
STRUGGLES
FOR LIFE
WITH BULL
PORTLAND, Sept. 28.— Rather than
give up a career on the stage Miss E.
Pearl Lucky of this city has broken
off h,er engagement with a prominent
young man of Eugene, Ore. She will
soon leave for New York, to carry on
her studies..
Miss Lucky has Just graduated from
the College of Liberal Arts at the Uni
versity of Oregon. Here she won the
Falling and.Beekman prizes for ora
tory* and was considered the brightest
woman. to receive the degree of bach
elor of arts from the State institution.
With her keen wit and strong person
ality she won a distinct place among
her fellow students and was head and
shoulders above them In all literary
work. Many of the products of her
pen have been published In coast pub
lications. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
"The storm passed over as suddenly
as it came. After it had quieted down
the passengers got off and looked
around. The engine had remained on
the track and was puffing like some
frightened monster. The cars were all
damaged, but it was a singular thing
that not a single passenger- or member
of the train crew was injured, beyond
a few slight bruises." - ¦;¦•-:
"The train trembled like a plaything
and slowed down almost quicker than
it takes to tell it." he said. "It was
brought to a dead stop by the.. wind.
A number of "women- wcre-on the train
and they were almost frantic. •• I tried
to talk to one of them," but 'the storm
increased and the coach . swayed. . It
had grown dark as night, i Every one
on board was thoroughly frightened.
Naturally, we thought of the recent
Colorado accident. .•¦:•-.- » r .¦
"A thousand railroad {rains could
hardly make more noise than the storm.
I saw from their lips that some, of the
women were screaming,- but I could not
hear a sound. Then we felt the jar. of
a coach as It left the train. It seemed
to be lifted bodily into the air. 'where
it was turned over and over again and
finally deposited by the side of the
right of way.
A passenger who was on board tells.
In graphic. words the story of the mir-'
acles that followed:
OMAHA, Neb.. Sept. 28.— A Burling
ton train In Northwestern Kansas last
night was lifted bodily from the track
by a tornado, turned a double somer
sault and landed in the ditch by the
side of the right of way. Besides the
engine and baggage car, there were
three coaches on the . train and each
carried a dozen or more passengers.
Not a single person was injured.
The train left St. Francis, Kansas, at
8 o'clock for Orleans. Neb. The sky
was then overcast with dark clouds.
In fifteen minutes the sky lightened up
in front and the passengers noticed a
fringe of copper-colored ; clouds to. the
north, edced with a constant display
of lightning. A few minutes more and
the train ran into. the storm head-on.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Honor Graduate of Oregon
University Breaks Engage
ment to Go on the Stage
Freakish Tornado
Causes Wreck in
Kansas.
TALENTED GIRL
JILTS FIANCE
KIDNAPED
AND CAST
INTO WELL
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 2S.— Miss
May Handy, one qf the. South's most
beautiful women, was married at 11:30
o'clock to-day in the parlors ot- her
home to James Brown Potter of New
York. Mr. and Mrs. Potter left on the
noon train for New York. Everything
relating to the wedding celebration was
conducted in the quietest possible man
ner, the only persons present besides
the officiating clergyman being William
Duane of New York, Potter's best man,
and Miss Handy's brother, sister and
little niece. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pow
ers and Miss Margaret Powers.
The bride wore a traveling gown of
MISS CONSTANCE RITCHIE WHO
WAS JILTED TWO DATS BE
FORE HER WEDDING.
James Brown Potter of New York Weds Miss
May Handy, a Belle of Virginia.
gray, with . black velvet trimming:, a
black hat with plumes and carried a
bouquet of her favorite flowers, known
as May Handy violets.
Although the secret of the wedding
was so. well kept, friends found it out
at the last, moment, and the bride re
ceived numerous wedding gifts, which
were the rarest and most exquisite of
their kind. Miss Handy has always
been noted for being not only the love
liest but most perfectly dressed woman
wherever she happened to be. Most of
her trousseau came from Paris. October
will be spent in the French capital by
Mr. and Mrs. Potter. They will re
turn to Richmond . In November on
their way to Florida for the winter.
MRS. JAMES BROWN . POTTER. "WHO WAS MISS MAY HANDT, ONE OF THE
¦ MOST BEAUTIFUL • WOMEN IN THE 8OUTtf'.AND:A POPULAR '.BELLE OF
RICHMOND. r '¦-...;;,•:• , '• •, •-. - > » [j , •¦'-
GALE HURLS
TRAIN FROM
THE TRACK
There are circumstances attending
the case which are more mysterious
even than the threats which have been
made. "A mysterious woman' in black
has called at the Byington mansion and
warned the servants that two men are
about to steal the child and that if
they knew the warning had been de
livered her life would t>e the forfeit.
Shingles bearing the single word "Be
ware" have been found in various parts
of the grounds.
Only a short time ago. while the
nurse was on the lawn with the child,
a man concealed behind a dense hedge
threw a stone at the nurse. It struck
her on the arm and almost fractured
it. it struck her head she would
have been killed and the child left
unprotected long enough for the vil
lain to have carried the little one away.
There is more than a suspicion that
the threatened kidnaping does not hav«
for its object an effort to secure blood
money from Byington. He Is well able
to pay a fortune were such payment
necessary, but there seems to be more
behind the case than money matters.
Next to his desire to protect his
child from harm Byington's greatest
wish Is to prevent the publication of
the story. Although he has told a
number of persons of his fears for the
safety of his child, among them the
Mayor and Chief of Police of Pasadena,
to his next door neighbors, the child's
school teacher and others, he stated
positively this evening that if the story
is published he will deny It.
Some time ago Byington related to
a close friend of his incidents of what
appeared to be a bold plot to kidnap
his daughter. Chloe. It seems that a
mysterious woman, dressed in black
and wearing a heavy black veil, had
called at the Byington home during
the absence of Mr. and Mrs. Byington
and engaged Chloe's nurse maid in
earnest , conversation, warning the
servant that a plot by two men was
afoot to steal Chloe Byington. By
ington stated also that he had received
anonymous letters of a threatening
character, and had found shingles lying
on his lawn, on which had been
scrawled the word "Beware."
Upon the advice of this friend Bying
ton had a consultation with Chief o?
Police Freeman. The chief advised the
worried father that as San Pasqual
street is outside the Pasadena city
limits he could not lend the assistance
of the department, and suggested that
a private detective be employed. This
suggestion was heeded and a sleuth in
the guise of an ordinary gardener took
up temporary residence at the Bying
ton home. •
The blue-eyed child was closely
guarded from harm. She is never al
lowed away from the hoifse unless ac
companied by her father, her mother
or the nurse maid.
Some days ago little Chloe. wearing
her play-ground dress of bloomers and
blouse, was enjoying* some childish
frolic In the grounds at the rear of
her parents' home. Suddenly the nurse,
who was near by, uttered a cry of
fright and pain. Catching up Chloe
in her arms, she rushed into the house,
where to the child's alarmed mother
she exhibited a badly bruised hand. A
man from the screen of hedge had
hurled a large stone with cruel aim
and effect Who the cowardly assail
ant was or why the missile vas hurled
a quick examination of the premises
gave no clew. The matter was report
ed to the police at the time of the
strange occurrence.
Chief of Police Freeman of Pasadena
refused to discuss the matter, but he
called Byington up and asked him
whether he desired to make a state
ment. Byington's reply was to the ef
fect that his chief anxiety was to keep
the matter out of the papers.
The Byington family Is one of . the
best known in Pasadena and has
wealthy relatives in various ports of
the country. Mrs. Byington is a niece
of the late Senator Leland Stanford.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. CS.— Though
guarded constantly night and day.
never for a moment being permitted
out of the sight of some male protec
tor, and with an annea private detec
tive constantly on the watch to se
that no harm comes to her. Chloe. the
pretty seven-year-old daughter of C.
S. Byington, one of the wealthiest men
in Pasadena, goes about her play all
unmindful and unconscious of the fact
that her parents have repeatedly re
ceived warnings that the child is to
be kidnaped. For several weeks this
constant vigil has been maintained and
the police of Los Angeles and Pasa
dena stand ready to lend aid should
the plot to steal the child be carried
out.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Assault Upon Little One's Nurse
Frightens Parents and Police
Are Called Dpon for Aid.
The Chicago. Milwaukee and : '" St.
Paul (Rockefeller) to take the North
ern Pacific and thus gain a through
line to the Pacific Coast, which it has
long desired.
In addition to these moves,- which
will all be in a manner indicating
friendly relations, the community of
Interest will provide an Eastern out
let for the Atchison — a deal in which,
it Is believed, the Pennsylvania, the
New York Central and others in the
East figure, as well as Morgan and
Hill. The latter are strong in Erie,
and the proposition to make the
Atchison and. the Erie a joint through
line from coast to coast is said to be
for the mutual benefit of all.
The Great Northern, also part of
the Northern Securities Company, to
be retained intact by James J. Hill,
its founder and. builder.
The Union Pacific (Harrlman-
Rockefeller) to .take the. Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, now part of
the Northern Securities. ' .
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Financial and
railroad circles in Chicago, New York
and the entire Western country as
well were startled, to-day by .the pre
liminary announcement of a proposed
plan for a settlement of the Northern
Securities litigation, "the Hill-Harri
man-Morgan dispute over that famous
merger case, and for the formation of
a "community of interest" plan so
broad in its sweep as to take in prop
erties reaching from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. Up to date there has been
no definite confirmation of the report,
but the storj^as it has been circulated
has attracted widespread attention
and the keenest interest is evinced.
The basis of the report Is the con
ferences nowbeing held in New York.
These are .attended by James J. Hill,
E t H. Harrlman. J. Plerpbnt Morgan,
A. J. Cassatt. E. J. Berwind and oth
ers of the | leading railroad mapmak
ers of the nation. From sources usu
ally well informed oh:'. the moves of
these interests. the story came to-day,
but entirely in. the- form i of rumors.
The rumofs. however/ were sufficient
to lnduce>general' buying of the se
curities affected by tibe reported com-
MnatlP.nr.CT-, _--; • ,'^gi^j ¦> ;_jf-?- ,*f~ "A- ..
. .The "report, is "that, the first move
will be the harmonious ending of the
Northern. Securities . litigation. The
merger will be dissolved and the prop
erty distributed in' a manner satisfac
tory to the Federal authorities, who
prosecuted the case and. at the same
time satisfactory to the .big interests
behind it. This method is said to be
as follows: • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Fe and Erie Lines to Be Made
Joint System From Seaboard
to Coast
Strange Warning Received
From Woman Garbed
All in Black.
Northern Securities Litiga
tion Will Be Settled
Amicably.
•A Mam-ion House wedding is always
a swell affair and great preparations
had beerv made for this one. Three
hundred guests had been invited and
more than 300 presents had been re
vived. The Court of Aldermen sent a
handsome diamond necklace and the
Court of Common Council a pair of
d:araond earrings, table silx-cr and cut-
Ifry Many costly gifts from arlsto
« ratfc friends figure in the list. All the
present* have been returns. Miss
Ritchie is left with her bridal trous-
M-au on her hands. She will not have
lor* to wait for an opportunity to
make u*e of it if she Is minded to seek
*r.lace for her disappointment in a sec
ond engagement. There are scores o '
eligible young men in London who
vould Jump at the chance to tike the
recalcitrant McCalman's place ' vnd
would clve bonds to appear at the
altar.
Little Is known of McCalman or his
antecedents in I/ondon. For some
years he ha* held a good position in
the Egyptian Irrigation service. He is
about 30 years of age and good look-
Ing. He was regarded as a very lucky
man in winning Miss Ritchie, for Sir
Jnmes has lots of money and can be
depended on to make a handsome set
tlement on his daughter. Only wealthy
men are eligible for election to the
ornamental dignity of Lord Mayor of
London. The salary is 550.000 a year,
but the Incumbent is expected to spend
tv.lce or thrice that sum on entertain
ing the city's guests and is invariably
rewarded with knighthood during his
tmunp of office if he does not happen
to possess a title before he takes it.
Miss Ritchie and her lover had gone
chopping together the day before.
Every man knows what a trying ordeal
thst is — for a man. It has been sug
gested that It was this experience
which caused McCalman to realize
what matrimonial fetters meant and to
resolve to seek freedom in flight.
McCalman adopted a more discreet
method of conveying the tidings of his
hymeneal renunciation to the bride's
family, perhaps because he feared the
possible consequences of an encounter
with Miss Ritchie's big brother. Just
b«(oroJi« RkiPDed !]P muiled a. J*»tt«r ti>
c»r Jarneh. telling him that he had de
«Idtd not to marry his daughter. He
had been expected tc» take lunch that
day m the Mansion House, the stately
official residence of the Lord Mayor,
but to the surprise of the household
he did not come, nor was any message
received from him to account for his
absence.
"He must have b^en unavoidably de
tained somewhere," said Miss Ritchie,
¦who had not the slightest suspicion
that anything was wrong. "He will
certainly be her* to dinner in the even
ing," she added cheeri'y. While she
uas speaking, her lover was speeding
away from London as fast as a rail
way train could carry him. The din
tier hour came and the rich wedding
gifts were displayed about the room,
but the bridegroom did not show up.
Just as the family had taken their
Eeats at the table McCalman's letter
arrived. In a few moments Miss
Ritchie had fled weeping from the fes
tive board to her bedroom. Bir James
was choking with anger and indigna
tion and tho big brother was fervently
wishing that he had McCalman's head
In chancery.
"The blow came like a bolt from
the blue," he said. "We have not the
remotest idf-a what has led McCalman
to act as he has done. We neither
know his reasons nor his whereabouts.
There was certainly nothng in the na
ture of a quarrel betwen him and my
sister. They appeared to be the hap
piest pair imaginable."
GO SHOPPING TOGETHER.
ITL\RS GIRL'S BIG BROTHER.
I^ONDON, Sept. 28.— It Is probable
that the true reasons which caused J.
A- C. McCalman to desert his bride
elect. Miss Constance Ritchie, the sec
ond daughter of Sir James Ritchie,
Lord Mayor of London, two days be
fore the day assigned for the wedding
will never be divulged. No light is
thrown on his motives for jilting the
girl in the latest details that have been
gleaned about the affair. He has dis
appeared, leaving: no address behind
him. but is supposed to be making him
self scarce on the Continent. For some
time to cume he will certainly find Lon
don too hot to hoM him. Miss Ritchie,
meanwhile, is doing: h^r best to console
herself with the reflection that she has
had a narrow escape from a marriage
that would have proved a failure, but
docs not find it so easy as some of her
philosophic friends who have under
taken to comfort her. There will be no
breach of crornise suit and no recon
ciliation. "McCalman may change his
mind," says Miss Ritchie's brother,
"but my sister will never change hers.
She has done with him forever and we
thai! assist her to forget the past as
quickly and completely as it is hu
manly possible."
One of the most singular features of
th* case is the extraordinary pains
taken by the faithless lover to give
publicity to his own perfidy. He called
personally at the prominent newspaper
offices before his flight and announced
"his intention of dodging the matri
monial noose. But with that singular
lark of appreciation of opportunities to
obtain news which is characteristic of
British Journalists he was not asked to
give any explanation. Nor was any
gratitude shown him for his valuable
"tip" in the comments made on his
conduct.
Pasadena Millionaire
Hires a Sleuth
as Guard.
Breaks News to Family
on the Eve of the
Wedding Day.
Sweeping "Commu
nity of Jnterest"
Project,
Recalcitrant Lover No
tifies Newspapers
of Intention.
FEARS PLOT
TO KIDNAP
HIS CHILD
RAILROAD
KINGS PLAN
BIG MERGER
JILTING OF LORD MAYOR'S DAUGHTER
IS PUZZLING LONDON SOCIAL WORLD
DIVORCED HUSBAND OF WELL KNOWN
ACTRESS MARRIES VIRGINIA BEAUTY
THE TBCEATEBS.
Alcazar— "Soldiers of rortaae."
- Matla«e To-Day.
California — "By night of
Sword." fA
Central— '"Tie Banltes."
Chutes— Vandevills.
Coltuntila— "WUard of Os."
n*ch ex'« — "Mis » Maztuna."
Grand— -"York State Polks."
Majestic — "Captain Barrtasrton."
Orphttun — Vaudeville. . Matinee
To-Day. ;-...
Tivoli— "Tbe Serenade."
rorecatt miA« at Sujru-
Cisco for *^bh*7 -fccjirs eafllmr,
midalfflit,- Sm«n*«rl??*X*v J~
San Xrancisco"* «*Jl Tjciiiljy.-^-
Fair, warmer TfcorsO&y; light
nortliwcst wind.
o. k. wziASOsr.
X,oc*l Forecaster (temporarily
Is cfcarce-)
The San Francisco Call.A single log of mahogany often
brings as much: as $5000 at a sale.
. BERLIN, Sept. 28. — The Japanese
refugees who • lived ' in Russian terri
tory at -the outbreak of the war will
be sent across the German frontier on
October 1 on their way to Japan. The
refugees consist generally of mer
chants and laborers from Siberia.
Refugees to Be Sent Home.
, WORCESTER, Mass., Sept. 28.—Uni
ted States Senator • George F. Hoar's
condition continues ¦ most critical. .He
has not rallied • from the' sleep and
stupor ; into which he ' fell on Tuesday
afternoon, and it is feared that he is In
his last sleep.' He partakes of no nour
ishment, being too weak to swallow.
The- attending physicians said , late . to
night that ' there was " absolutely no
hope, * but . the remarkable * vitality!- he
has shown during hi»" present illness
may ; be sufficient to fight ; death until
the last of the week. ¦ ,. "."..
SENATOR HOAR SLEEPS V
AND MAY NOT AWAKEN
TOKIO, Sept. 28. — It is probable
that the conscription law will be
amended by increasing the reserve
service to five years, thus making the
regular and reserve service total sev
enteen years and five months. This
will mean a large increase in the
army.
Long Army Service in Japan.
Committee Is Appointed at Eucharistlc
Congress to Express Disapproval
of Attitude to Rome. '-,.'•
NEW YORK, Sept.~ 28.— At the
Eucharistio Congress, to-day Bishop
Maes appointed a committee to draw
up resolutions denouncing the French
Government for its action toward the
Catholic orders in that country.
Father Dougherty asked that copies
of the resolutions be ordered sent to
the President of the United States and
the Governor of the State of New
York. When this suggestion was made
Archbishop Farley said: ' : :-'$****£'"'£
"1 think that would be going too far
and mingling up things. - The Catholic
church does not belong to the presi
dent of the United States or the.Gov
ernor of the State of New-York. It
belongs to the Holy See." . .
WILL DENOUNCE ACTION
, OF FRENCH GOVERNMENT
PARIS, Sept 28. — A dispatch to the
Temps from Toulon saya:' The Rus
sian Government has negotiated for
the construction of eleven torpedo
boat destroyers of the latest model by
the Compagnie des Forges et Chan
dlers de la Mediterrae. Work will
shortly be begun on four of them at
the shipyards In Normandie, four at
the ehipyardB at Havre and three at
the shipyards at La Seyne.
Russia Buying Destroyers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28. — Two at
tempts have been made to wreck the
battleship Connecticut, which is to be
launched at the Brooklyn navy yard
to-morrow. The announcement of the
discovery of a.n obstruction hidden on
the ways beneath the water .brought
forth the story of the previous at
tempt to injure the Connecticut.
Three weeks ago Admiral Rogers
reported to the N"avy Department. that
serious, weakness was discovered in
the. ways. A careful investigation fol
lowed and this showed that defects In
construction were doubtless planned
for the purpose of bringing the great
battleship to disaster when It started
into the water. Great secrecy was
maintained about the: weakness in the
ways, but at that time naval officers
gave the subject much thought and a
special guard was established to pro
tect the ship from damage. All ef
forts to „ locate the responsibility for
the defect were futile.
NOT THE FIRST ATTEMPT
TO DAMAGE BATTLESHIP
When she noticed the captain ap
proaching she ran to the kitchen, pro
cured a large meat fork and tried to
stab him. She succeeded in striking
him in the side, but as Swan had on
a heavy coat the weapon did not pene
trate far enough to hurt him. Had he
been coatless, however, he would have
received a serious wound.
The woman has a bad record. She
Is serving ten years for picking pockets
in San Francisco. She at one time was
an inmate of an insane asylum, and the
officials at the prison think \f*-- was
temporarily demented when she tried
to Injure Swan.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept.^ 2S.— Captain
Swan,- acting captain of the yard at
San Quentin, had a fierce fight with
Belle Nailer, a colored. woman prisoner,
yesterday afternoon. The woman had
been very unruly and threatened to kill
the matron of the ward, who immedi
ately informed Warden Tompkins. The
warden instructed Captain Swan to
visit the department and discipline the
woman.
SAVED BY HIS COAT.
Colored Woman Prisoner Tries to Kill
Acting Captain Swan,
SOMERVILLE, N. J., Sept. 28.—
Judge Henry P. Underhill, a
former resident of California,
District Attorney of San Joa
quin .County, California, for . two
terms and Judge of the County Court
there for one term, died to-day at the
home of his daughter, Mrs. John Hart,
aged 83 years. Sixteen years ago he
moved East and settled at Waterford,
N. Y., where his body will be interred.
Besides Mrs. Hart, three sons, all in
business in San Francisco, survive.
Henry P. Underhill Passes Away.
ROME, Sept. 28. — Although a por
tion of the Italian press insists that
the meeting of Premier Gioletti and
Count von Bulow, the German Chan
cellor, at Hoaiburg was connected
with the subject of mediation, between
Russia and Japan, the Capitale, a
semi-official organ, gives voice to the
contrary view, and says:
"Not only the Italian, but all Eu
ropean governments consider that
mediation Is Impossible now, when
Russia fully trusts in her ability to
turn tfle tide of battle in her favor and
while Japan does not wish to lose the
fruits .of her victories."
The 'Avanti asserts that the presence
of' Prince Charles of Hohenzollern at
Tokio has a connection with alleged
plans of mediation. The Foreign Of
fice, however, emphatically denies
that Italy is concerned in any such
movement.
Meeting of Gioletti and Von Bulow
Has Another Object.
MEDIATION NOT DISCUSSED.
PROFESSOR McGEE DIES.
Graduate of Stanford Falls Victim to
• Tuberculosis.
DENVER. Sept. 28. — Professor
Norman McGee of Denver died of tu
berculosis at Colorado Springs this
morning. He contracted liver trou
ble in China several years ago. Tu
berculosis then attacked the affected
organ.
McGee was 30 years old. He was
appointed to the chair of engineering
at Colorado College, but had to re
sign after acceptance. He was pro
fessor of civil engineering several
years at the Imperial University in
Tientsin, China, and at one time was
division engineer of the Southern Pa
cific.
During the Boxer rising McGee was
correspondent for American newspa
pers. He was a graduate of Stanford
University, 1898.
COMPANY SUES PRESIDENT.— The Stan
ley Aerial Navigation Company yesterday sued
Its preaident, John Bruckman, for th» recovery
ot 9075. which It is alleged he collected from
Owens, Varasy & Green for rent of fences for
advertising purpecea and failed to turn fnto
the corcpany^s treasury.
Count Sergi* had two daughters,
who are passionate admirers of their
uncle, and whose Ideas they adopted
in refusing to marry in their own cir
cle, one of them selecting a coachman
as her mate.
MOSCOW, Sept. 28. — Count Sergis
Tolstoi, the brother of Count Leo, is
dead. He was the very antithesis of
Count Leo, residing: on his eState in
lordly style and living the life of a
veritable self-indulgent epicure.
SERGIS TOLSTOI DEAD.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Albert Short, 25
years old, a burglar who escaped from
the penitentiary in San Quentin, Cal.,
last August, was arrested here to-day.
After escaping from the prison Short
said he hid himself in the cargo of a
vessel bound for China. At Los Angeles
he managed to go ashore unobserved.
He then secured a suit of clothes from
a f tramp and went to Kansas City,
where he remained until three days
ago, when lie came to Chicago. When
captured he was half starved and sub
mitted to arrest without resistance.
SAN QUENTIN ESCAPE
CAPTURED IN CHICAGO
Burglar Albert Short, Half Starved,
Submits to Arrest Without lle
slstance.
CITY OF MEXICO, Sept. 28. — Senor
Cayetano Romero, ' who has been
Cc-nsul General for Mexico at San
Francisco, has been appointed Consul
General at New York, to succeed the
late Dr. Juan Navarro. Senor Plu
tarco Ornelas, Mexican Consul at San
Antonio, Tex., has been -transferred to
San Francisco to take Senor Romero's
place. No appointment for the San
Antonio post has been made.
MEXICAN* CONSUL GENERAL
TRANSFERRED TO NEW YORK
ST. PETERSBURG. Sent. 28.—In
formation received here tends to con
firm the recent Peking report that Wu
Tinx Fang, former Chinese Minister
to the United States, will be sent on a
special mission to Europe and Amer
ica. The statement that it is China's
purpose to have him consult Japan
and Russia regarding Manchuria is in
correct. His mission will be to sound
the neutral powers on the subject of
the protection of China's interest in
the peace negotiations at the 'close of
the war.
\\*il Sound Xcutnil Powers on Sub
ject of China's Protection.
\\V TIXG FANG'S MISSION.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28.7—The following
visitors have registered. at the Califor
nia building: : ' ' ..
Han Francisco— Mrs. R.' Bragg. J. A. Mur
ray, F. B. Howard. C. A. McCarthy. J. K.
Hooper and wife. Miss E. I.itsoh, J. H.
Schmidt C. Dn\-is. K. N. Mrs. O.
\V. Davis, H. W. Simpson and wife. A. F.
Joss and wife M. A. Delff. T. E. Jackson.
II HIHVer. O W6od.'t> B. Merton. I. ¦ W.
Wood. C. Dexter. Mrs. C. Sinsa, Mrs. J. M.
Graham. V. Graham. C. 1^ Graham. R. -R.
Ittl-y. J. Hart. Mrs. J. F. Stockdale.
Los Angeles— H. Stevens. W. Rush, J. H.
Hrady and wife, Mrs. I. N. Van Nuys, Mrs.
R. Norrls, J. A. Thompson, J. Benton Van
Nuj-r, J. H. McKnight and wife, C. L. Parks,
J. C. Wilson and wife, Mrs. A. P. Wilson.
Miss A. Gordon. Mrs. J. A. Fults, B. E.
Goldenburg. I. Lawrence, R. Connor. K. S.
Hassfurther. C. M. Etmanson. A. E. Pomeny,
A. U Reynolds ami wife. D. Oertel, M. S. Mc-
Gulre and wife. Mrs. W. F. Edjfer, B. P.
Broekeray. V. A. Barker and family, M. M.
Stevens. E. F. Cindlnger.
San Jose— Miss V. Jones. A. W. Kendall
and family, Mrs. H. E. Jones, Miss N. Ry
land, J. O. Young:, G. Barth and wife.
Sacramento — J. Koerkel. R. W. Bryce and
family, M. B. Bradford, M. C. Cox, Mrs. I.
Lence. .
Santa Ana— W. S. Whitney, J. T. Lacy,
Mien M. Fraser. J. N. Anderson and wife.
Miscellaneous— H. Howard, Marysvllle; R. L.
Russell, Marysvllle; S. A. Sharp. Marysvllle;
A. C. Anderson and wife, Alameda; F. Ccnrnd.
Alameda; C. J. Osworth. Alameda: H. Banks,
Stockton; J. G. Fisher, Stockton: Mre. C. J.
Haas, Stockton: E. L. Miller, Pasadena; C.
C. Thompson, Pasadena; H. C. Brown, •Pasa
dena; J. Mourot, Modesto; G. Turner and wife.
Modesto; Mr». J. Mourot. Modesto; S. J. Pas
chall, Anaheim; C. Preesel, Anaheim: J. P.
Sherer, Arbuckle; J. Mourot, Arbuckle; Ml»a
M.- Embree. Riverside; L. C. Walte. River-
Fide: Mm. G. F. Deiss, San Luis Oblspo; J.
E. Witcher. Pan Luis Oblspo; Mm A. L.
Campbell. Fortuna; R. 'Ellvas, Fortun»;i Mrs.
M. A. Klne. College City; S. King. College
City; H. Hays. Eureka; W. D. McComm,
McCloud: N. Phllkill, Oakland: W. R. Mad
den. Dixon; F. P.- Sebum. Needles; A. W. Et
ter and wife, Redding; M. F. Bteltz. Suisun;
Mrs. W. W. Nelson. Woodland: W. A. Mil
ler, Riverside; Mrs. L. M.' .Caldwell, Long
Beach; Miss C. E. Lewis. Capitola; H. B.
8mith. Col ton; G. C. Godfrey. Newvllle; J.
C. Sawyer, Gait: C. G. Hawley, Mountain
View; H. Tlmken. . Ban DleRo; Mrs. F. H.
Lef avor, San Rafael : I* Liebman. Trlnjdad :
L. A. -Klein Cornlne: C. L. Proctor, Rla
Vista; J. A. W. .OVernll. Bakernfleld: J. Ta
rabino, Trinidad; J. R. Coward tand wife,
Point Richmond; Mrs.' S. A. Wenty, . Selma;
H. Morrow, Santa Ana; J. McConigle and
family, -Ventura; '.T. A. Crookshank, Hanford";
Mrs. J. Rapp, Berkeley; Mr. Lee and wife,
National City: Mrs. W. E. Reading and son,
Bodl«; A.' L.- Campbell, Fortuna; W. I. Damra
den, Merced: ¦ G. F. Drake, Fresno; M. E.
Tuttle, rWateonvllle; B5. D. Carothera, Palo
Alto. -
Callforriians at the' 'Fair.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 28. — Extreme
fright as the result of seeing a large
tomcat spring and claw at the face
of her sleeping baby caused Mrs.
Hannah Gibbons, 20 years old, to go
violently insane. She was committed
to the Warm Springs Asylum by a
commission In Judj^c McLernan's court
this afternoon. The young mother's
case is a, pathetic one. Her mind at
this time appears to be a blank. Phy
sicians express tbe opinion that she
will recover in time.
GOES INSANE AT SIGHT
OF DANGER TO : HER BAIQY
Lafcadio Hearn was born June 27,
1850, at Santa Naura In the Ionian
Island3. His father was an English
man, and his mother a native Greek.
He was educated In England, and
after leaving college came to this coun
try and engaged in journalism in Cin
cinnati and New Orleans. His first long
story was "Chita; A Memory of Lost
Island."
He published "Two Years in the West
Indies" in 1890, and went to Japan,
where he lived until his death. He
taught In Japan's colleges, and his
stories of Japanese life show marvel
ous comprehension of and sympathy
with Oriental philosophy.
In Japan he traveled extensively, vis
iting many remote parts of the island
kingdom.
He there wrote and published "Out
of the East" (1894). "Glimpses of Un
familiar Japan" (1895) and "Kokovo"
(1896). He possessed rare literary
power, and won a high place in the
literature of his day.
YOKOHAMA. Sept. 28. — Lafcadio
Hearn. the well-known author, died at
Tokio on September 26, of heart trouble.
His funeratl will take place on Septem
ber SO. General regret is expressed
among the Japanese at the death of
Hearn.
TOLSTOI'S SOX WARLIKE.
lk'iieves Russia Is I>estined to Con
quer the World.
FT. PETERSBURG. Sept. 28. —
Count Tolstoi's son, Leo. in an article
in the Novoe Vremya. takes a position
diametrically opposed to his father's;.
He has just returned from seeing hi?
brother, who is departing for the
front, and writes of the touching
scenes he witnessed at Tamboff as the
reserves left for the Far East. Never
theless, young Tolstoi says, the peas
ants are all united in agreeing that
the war must be fought out until
Japan is subdued. He adds:
It is a hard time for Russia, but it is the
PTioa of her receneraticn. The war in the
Kar E«*=t if= a ci«a.t war. such an Russia has
not k»— n since the daye of P«>ter the <JreaJ— a
war lor th* Diotection of the eaFtern chores
of the Europt-an Asiatic continent, just a* in
the days of PetT it wa* for the western
ehor*-«. Ju«=t «k in the war with the Swedes
we Miffert-d at Narva, but we conquered at
Poltava. We axe now suffering reverses with
the Asiatic F»«lef. but there will come a day
wlien Jauan will be vanquished.
In concluding, young Tolstoi pre
dicts the triumph of Russia, which,
h^ declares-, "is destined to become,
instead of England,' the greatest na
tion in the world."
He Fays the Slavs will spread over
and absorb all the neighboring peoples
they have already subjugated, in the
"Crimea, the Caucasus, Eastern Rus
sia and Siberia, adding: ~
• '"Russia is the only power destined
to realize the dream of the world con
quest." -
Japan to Float Another Loan.
TOKIO, Sept. 28. — The Government
has decided to float another domsetic
loan of 80,000,000 yen, on conditions
similar to those which governed the
last loan, the price to be "92.05 per
cent. The present prosperous condi
tion of business indicates that the
subscription to the loan will be heavy.
The Minister of Finance will meet the
bankers of Tokio to-morrow and those
of Osaka and Nagoya on Saturday to
discuss the loan. .- r <
WELL KNOWN
AUTHOR DIES
IN FAR JAPAN
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S. — Bishop
Henry C. Potter attacked divorce in
vigorous terms in his report in the
annual convention, of the Protestant
Episcopal diocese of New York. Ha
declared that unless the church set it
sfelf against the spread of the evil so
ciety would relapse into a state of bar
barism, and he urged the clergy to
set itself against divorce, which h*>
characterized as a "godless licensa
which flings aside the most sacred
vows because of vexatious uncon
geniality."
Declares That Unless the Church
Fights the Evil a State of Barbar
ism Will Result.
BISHOP POTTER MARKS
AN ATTACK ON DIVORCK
HONOLULU, Sept. 28.— S. E. Da
mon, a member of a prominent local
family, and connected in a business
way with a local banking firm, was
murdered by a Porto Rican named Jose
Miranda last night. Damon was driv
ing home, . and when near Maunaloa
met three Porto Ricans, one of whom
was a woman. One of the men took
Damon's lantern, and, when he remon
strated, stabbed him in the abdomen.
Damon drove on to Honolulu, but died
before reaching a hospital.
The deceased was 30 years of age,
and left a wife and four children, one
of whom is dying of meningitis, and
may not live until to-morrow. His
mother is now in London, and his
father is • prominent here as a banker
and financier,
Miranda and his companions have
been arrested, and the woman has
practically made a confession. Public
feeling over the crime is intense.
There was a general suspension of
business here to-day as a tribute to
the memory of Damon.
Miranda was this morning indicted
for murder by the Grand Jury, and
subsequently arraigned before Judge
Gear. .
\ The funeral of Damon took place this
afternoon.
PROMINENT HAWAIIAN CAPITAl^
. 1ST WHOSE TRAGIC DEATH IS
WIDELY MOURNED.
The Japanese have constructed pon
toon bridges over the Taitse River at
Pensihu. The general adds:
"On the night of September 26
¦Cornet Mikheiff, with a detachment of
l/i al -Cossacks, attacked the Japanese
bivouacked at Khouandi, causing a
great panic. The same day the Oren
burf Cossacks laid an ambush for
half a squadron of Japanese cavalry,
who returned their fire, .but soon re
tired, having sustained
less and leaving several dead on the
lk ; ld."
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 28.— A
dispatch from General Kuropatkin,
auted yesterday afternoon, announces
that numerous skirmishes have oc
curred along most parts of the Russian
front. The Japanese have not altered
thtir positions east of the railroad and
confine themselves to outpost attacks
to the north, all of which so far have
been repulsed.
Reconnaissances by Russian troops
have established the fact that the
main Japanese forces are still along
the branch railroad to the Yental
mines. " Both sides are in constant con
li-.cU General Samsonoff's troops par
ticularly have had frequent encounters,
but have sustained few casualties. The
Russians have captured some Japanese
cattle and horses.
¦ft
Slinor Affairs in Which the Japanese
Are Repulsed.
OUTPOSTS IN" ACTION.
The ostensible purpose of Schwab's
trip West was to attend the receiver's
sale of the Union Iron Works and
complete arrangements for reorganiz
ing the shipbuilding syndicate. , To
day's rumor gave significance to his
remark that his visit to San Francisco
had reference also to "a business mat
ter of vast importance."
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — In WaH
stieet to-day was repeate'd the story
that when Charles M. Schwab started
foi San Francisco ten days ago he car
ried in his pocket the terms of con
tract with the Japanese Government
fcr the construction of fourteen hattle
shitfs and cruisers. Only two men be
sides Schwab and the agents of the
Japanese Government are conversant
with the details of the contract. These
men are John W. Gates and Oliver
Wren.
Schwab Said to Have Engaged to Re
build Japan's Xavy«
Details of the fighting near Inpu, be
tween Bentsiaputze and the railroad,
on September 26, show that General
Mistchenko's scouts, accompanied by a
battery of artillery, attacked a Japan
ese position, where there were a bat
tery of artillery, two squadrons of cav
alry and two companies of infantry.
Tne Japanese were shelled out of their
position en a hill and suffered heavy
loss. As they retired the Russians oc-.
cupied the hill until nightfall when
they, too, retired under cover of dark
dcss, having lost only three men.
The march of General Rennen
kampff's Cossacks around the Japan
ese right flank, which was mentioned
in these dispatches on September 26,
was a remarkable performance. Ac
companied by a battery of artillery,
the Cossacks . covered eighty miles in
fifty-two hours. They struck the
enemy north of Bentsiaputze on Sept
ember 19 and thence continued south,
circling the Japanese right tiank ami
coming unexpectedly on the Japanese
line of communications near Bensihu,
on the bank of the Taitse River, en
September 22, Inflicting much damage
The Japanese were thrown into great
confusion, but the Cossacks retired
with a loss of only two killed.
\LLEGEI) WARSHIP CONTRACTS.
The railroad is in good working con
dition, pfneers are distributing the re
serve of stores that were brought up
from Liaoyang, as adequate supplies
aiv now coming in from the north.
Russian Raiding Parties Are Active
in Mukden District.
MUKDEN, Sept. 28.— Many skir
mishes and reconnaissances are re
ported to headquarters here, but, ex
cept for these, quiet prevails. In the
fighting that has been taking place the
Russian scouts have almost invariably
shown superiority over the Japanese,
both in riding and fighting.
The Japanese movement up the
Taitse River appears to be by a com
paratively small force.
Raiding parties from the Russia o
army bring in many prisoners. Beau
tiful autumn weather continues. Rein
forcements are rapidly arriving. More
than 1000 convalescents have returned
to duty.
MANY PRISONERS TAKEN.
Henry Lachman is still busy with
the jury in testing wines and brandies
of foreign . countries. , Awards .may, be
announced any. .day.^ -.'>¦>.-
France ma,kes the contention,, and
Tshe has stood by it strongly at succes
sive world's fairs, that all names of
districts within her borders under
which any wine has become famous
belong to her and that their use by any
other nation is fraud and an Infringe
ment on the rights »f her wine pro
ducers. Medoc, St. Julien, Champagne,
Sauterne and Burgundy are merely the
names of sections of France where
wines of different flavors are produced.
France secured the usual ruling at
the St. Louis fair that any wine or
grape of one country bearing the name
of any section of another should not be
eligible for entry in competition. The
usual commotion was produced. Ger
man champagne, so labeled, and Cali
fornia grape brandy, bearing the word
"cognac," also a distrct in France, were
ruled out— the cognac with the under
standing that it would be considered
if the owners consented to the agree
ment entered into in connection with
tfee compromise. This agreement is
that in future any California wine pro
ducer who wishes to make use of the
name of a French district shall state
on the label that his wine is a "type"
of that produced in the district named
and that California shall appear promi
nently in the label, so there will be no
fraud or deception possible. It is the
flame regarding cognac.
The wine of the champagne type
made in California was not interdicted,
as it does not bear the name "cham
pagne," only "extra dry" being used.
In some cases the California growers
use the name of the grape as a base
for that of their wine. This is distinc
tive and within the rule.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS,
Sept. 28.— The wrangle at the St. Louis
Exposition over the admission before
the international jury of awards for
prize competition of California ¦ wines
bearing the names of French districts,
and the compromise thereon, with Its
accompanying agreement, may inau
gurate something of a new era in the
wine industry of the State and Cut an
important and beneficial ligure in its
future. It may lead to a gradual but
complete abandonment of the French
names, and the .substitution of other3
purely Californian, which shall become
as famous as those so highly treasured
by France. There is no reason why, if
the wines produced in them are kept at
a high standard, the names of. wine
producing sections of California should
not stand for as much those of France.
The Westminster Gazette commends
the attitude of the American press in
the Gurney matter as "showing its
good sense."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— "If inves
tigation shows that Hugh Gurney,
third secretary of the British Embassy,
who was arrested for speeding his au
tomobile in Massachusetts, has been in
the habit of breaking the State speed
laws, it is not unlikely that the Brit
ish Embassador will be given an inti
mation that the young secretary might
better be sent away from the United
States," said a prominent State De
partment official this afternoon.
"Of course, it is possible that Mr.
Gurney was exceeding the speed limit
unconsciously. It is very easy to do
that with an automobile," the official
continued, "but if the reports that he
has been a chronic violator of the
speed limits are corroborated, his use
fulness in Washington will doubtless
be regarded as Impaired and a hint to
that effect will be given."
LONDON, Sept. 28.— The Westminster
Gazette this afternoon accurately sums
up the official opinion of the incident
resulting from the fining by Justice
Phelps of Lee, Mass., of Hugh Gurney,
third secretary of the British embassy
at Washington, for alleged violation
of the law relating to automobiles and
for contempt of court, saying:
"It seems desirable that gentlemen
connected with the legations should
keep on the safe side of local law when
they use motor cars, but, if perchance
they transgress, the simplest, quietest
way is.-perhaps, to waive their privi
lege and pay the fine."
No little annoyance is exhibited in
official quarters here at tne claim made
by Gurney for diplomatic exemption,
with the consequent publicity over a
trifling affair. It is recalled, however,
that when the son of Henry White,
secretary of the embassy in London,
and Spencer Eddy, in 1S99. when he
was third secretary of the embassy,
were summoned here for riding bicycles
on a footpath, similar exemption was
claimed and reference was then made
to the statute of 1708. whereby any
British official acting as Justice Phelps
did toward a diplomat became amen
able not only to severe penalties, but
even to flogging.
BY PAUL "EDWARDS.
Staff Correspondence of The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28.— TneodcTe Steg
man, -13 years old. who says he once
owned California property worth |3D.
000,000. but who is now a prisoner in a
St. Louis jail because of his inability
to furnish a bond for a trivial amount,
appeared to-day in Judge Adams* pri
vate c-ffice in the Federal building and
complained of the treatment accorded
him in jail. Judge Adams, it is re
ported, promised to investigate Steg
man's charges. Stegman haa been In
Jail since the latter part of July. He
was president of the Missouri Rental
Company and was arrested on charges
In both Federal and State courts. The
Federal charge Is using th< mails to
defraud and the State charge Is obtain
ing money under false pretenses. J.
C. Hailer, his attorney, says the
charges are based on the selling of cer
tain properties to which' it is alleged
he had no title. When the cases are
called for trial, he says, it will be
shown there was no criminal tgtent.
"At one time I was in possession of
property worth many million dollars."
said Stegman. "This property was in
Southern California and consisted of
irrigation bonds. I was well known by
landholdera and bankers. On this
property 1 borrowed J16.000.000. If t
had been a fool I guess I could not
have done that. And if I had not been
an honest man I would never have at
tained the place I held. I paid all but
J4.000.000 of that J16.000.000 and I failed
in Kansas City In 1833 for that amount.
I was forced into bankruptcy when t
was in a prosperous condition. But two
men swore I was bankrupt. There was
some interest money due which I failed
to cay. That the law constituted an
act of bankruptcy. I was forced to the
wall and gave up every dollar of my
property. Judge Phillips of Kansas City
passed on my case. He told me I had
no need to give up my homestead. But
I insisted on giving up everything and
taking a clean receipt."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says Diplomatic Attaches
Ought' to Observe Local
Laws When at Posts
Growers Considering Advis
ability of Using California
Names oil Their Labels
Reinforcements are rapidly arriving
si Mukden and many convalescents are
already returning to duty.
It is reported that General Kuropat
kin has made a requisition upon the
puthon'ties here for additional officers
to make up the heavy losses in killed
and wounded in the battle of Liaoyang.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29, 3 a. m.
—Movements at ihe front, so far as
disclosed by the meager dispatches re
ceived here, are confined almost entire
ly to continuous outpost skirmishes, by
means of which General Kuropatkin
is. keeping in close touch with the Jap
anese along the whole of their front.
Field Marshal Oyama's advfLnce ap
pears to be extremely deliberate. There
are.no indications a* yet that he has
begun to overlap the Russian positions.
The superiority of the Russian caval
ry is beginning to be apparent. They
have had the better of it in a number
of minor encounters. It appears that
General Rennenkampff's movement to
the southward on September 19 extend
ed beyond the distance indicated by
lirst reports. His Cossacks made a rap-
JJ sweep on September 22 and struck a
Japanese force at Bensihu, threatening
its communication and causing much
excitement.
Tells of a §16,000,000 Trans
action With Bankers That
Led to Bankrupt Court
He adds that the Russians at
tempted to bury the dead of both sides
at night, because the decomposing
bodies seriously menace the health of
the garrison. The Russians allege that
It is the deliberate policy of the Jap
anese to undermine the health of the
Russian troops by means of the odors
from the decomposing bodies and that
fcr this reason they fire on the burial
parties.
One Chinese who was a member of
a burial party says that the Japanese
fired when he and other Chinese at
tempted to bury the dead. He adds
that when the wind carries the odors
toward the Japanese the latter retire.
Chinese say that the most severe at
tacks were made on the supplementary
forts of the Itz and Anshu Mountain
fcrts. The Russians had undermined
the ground and several hundred Jap
anese were blown up on September
23. Reports received from the Miao
tao Islands mention a terrific 1 report
Y.-hich shook the houses there on that
date.
The Russian ships, it is reported,
took no part in the battle.
From thirty to fifty shells fall daily
into the Chinese new town. One shell
tore the rudder from a torpedo-boat
destroyer.
¦ The Russians are- now building a
new fort on Liaoti Promontory,, bear
ing on the land side. Its construction
Indicates that five large guns will form
the nucleus of the battery.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 28.—Gener
al Stoessel has finally refused to yield
Port Arthur, as all expected he would.
A friend of his said to-day:
"Even if instructions were sent to
him to capitulate he would surely fol
low the example of Nelson, who
promptly turned blind on the side of
the signal telling him to cease fight
ing."
Russia is now following developments
with keen anxiety. It is fully recog
nized that the situation at Port Arthur
is rapidly becoming desperate. When
the moment arrives that the ships are
forced to leave the harbor the water
question will become doubly serious,
as their condensers will no longer be
available. The supplies of munitions
and coal, in spite of denials, are run
ning short. No illusions v are held here
as to the widely serious effect the fall
o£ Port Arthur will have.
CHEFU, Sept. 28. — Russians resid
ing here claim to have received infor
mation that the. Japanese losses in the
last assault on Port.Arthur (which be
gan on September 19) were 7000. A
Chinese who left the fortress on Sep
ttmber 26 says that the Russian losses
were between 500 and 600.
This Chinese says that the Japanese
were \ unable to remain in the three
supplementary forts which they cap
tured and that they retired at 4 o'clock
on the afternoon of September 26, after
enduring several days of tremendous
firing from the inner forts.
Special Cable to The Call and N«w York
Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New York
Herald Publlfchi:is Company.
HIS EXPENSIVE HONESTY
DISPUTE NOW SETTLED
PKESS REBUKES HIM
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 28.— The
information received at the War Of
fice concerning the situation at Port
Arthur is not reassuring. The block
ade at last seems to be effective. Ad
miral Togo's ships are* arresting all
the junks which try to enter the har
bor and are sending" them to Port Dal
ny. It is feared that this complete
isolation may react on the spirits of
the garrison.
LONDON, Sept. 29."— The Dally
31 ail's Liaoyang correspondent, tele
graphing on September 28, says: "The
winter equipment for the Japanese
troops Is completed.* Fresh supplies
of ammunition have arrived and the
army Is ready to march at a moment's
notice. The personal treatment of
foreign correspondente with the
anese has : been completely revolu
tionized."
IX>XDOX, Sept. 28. — A dispatch to
a news agency from Vladivostok says
tliat, according to reports from Port
Arthur, two Japane** torpedo-boats
and a Japanese steamship have been
sunk by mines near Port Arthur dur
ing the 'last few days. A Japanese
cruller, of the Xiitaka type, It Is
added, was badly damaged.
Attacks Upon Port
Arthur End in
Disaster.
Wrangle at World's Fair
Over Native Wines Will
Lead to Change of Methods
Theodore Stegman, in St.
Lonis Jail. Says He Was
Once California Capitalist
Russians Heavily
Reinforced at
Mukden.
WAR BULLETINS
Embassy Secretary's Action
in Claiming Exemption
Displeases His Superiors
MAY ABANDON
FRENCH NAMES
KUROPATKIN'S CAVALRY IS KEEPING
IN CLOSE TOUCH WITH THE JAPANESE
GURNEY AFFAIR
ANNOYS LONDON
PENNILESS MAN
TALKS MILLIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1901.
BANKER DAMON
THE VICTIM OF
BRUTAL MURDER
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s^k^ TT * f \wW II
BEfa Glass "^n X|
fiLpB of the ra
$^ A Natural ™|
f£gg? Water ,„_.
m ZZ3p
() visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
$HUSEUH OF AMATOim
0 Gh i:5i2U3U?8T.^.st4»ni,3.r.:-j. j
\ ,tjr The L«/;»it An*to«ie»J Mm«ua» In H«
Q — «aft>*. Wo " •*• "—I"—— — »»J •Mtnctvrf A
T BctfkSQ <U«>U M* 111 ** 1 ? «rW ». u« aldul if
O IBEI SfMMUMWilkaCeMt. B»t 3* yMrt . O
A flfitf £ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF ME» A
\ f Sv&fl CoMaliadMi fn* and •?rkDr pHnte. \
0 I A$«f B Tr«a»«"t ptnoMll, mt b r l«t«. A A
T a y « B f—Utn Cttri In ;r*zj c«Mundert»ier. T
Ari U0 Wr<t a for Bosk. PKiLoaopsir «r 1
V i >f H* JfAHBIAUE. MAIUS FK»*. t A 0
\ J H mioabl* N»k (or an) . . \
V JDC J«BI>A.\ *CO. 10S1 M.ri.t St.. 3. P. 9
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD tTSE OAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy: Rives health an4
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 333 Market.
mm maw
STTM2XEB HOME of SoaS?Co!in!juSB
Pur« water, equable climate, lots aelllae tin
np; cottaxes butlt by Meeker, tto un; desot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and exoress;
telephone, sawmill; 800 lota sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto terry, N.S.R.H. M. C. MEEJC-
ER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
NORTH SaOSS HOTEI, — On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations. Hjuj*
Kaa-llshted. Prices very reasonable MR4. J- I
SHIELDS. Marahalla, Martn County" Cat J
SCKAETZB'B OBOTX — BOSS TA1MV ./I
Private boardlnc: - terms reasonable. Tm J ¦
™««*|LSBBday moraine train*. Addrwa MB M&
MATT UND3AT. Ron SUUoa. . • f
Wli CIGARS
K^S M° s * Cigars
&ll|l after becoming
felill populardepreci-
t-zgMti ate in quality. In
WM ALEXANDER
ii#I HVMBOLDT
WM CIGARS
P^^^the same high
Ri^ill C^ ar value of
j|i|Ji|l| twenty - five
Ipf^lllj years a£o is pre-
WJ&M served to-day.
k£«k»8|b bold bvbrvwhkkb.
fPvv^gB AU ¦ lme * f 1Oc * np *
&££?!*» mjchalitschke bros &co
BB&Z'StSS bvstiuo bros & diaz
Lfe^M&lj FEET U:*3J&$L\ tffetjrnKwthepfaster
9 \ xMfc'Wt OR il&i?K?7f ever^ * ime e are l
I \Y$ Jf*:| An\\l£S1J''S^J/f prised how it will relieve Ij
\ YfevWA mi-M?// r^ ieuma^ sm * n e f ee * or II
I V^"^ USE I For tired or tame fett idtef Ij
Q \^ _JF an \^ jf J5 afforded it once. fl
J| Allcock's Plasters are the original and genuine porous plasters and have never m
n been equalled as a paia-curer. We guarantee the,ra to conuin no belladonna, ooium 13
M or any poison whatever. Absolutely sale, wonderfully curative. ««»»» »P"ua ti
l v IMlever Accept a Substitute. nDeath Calls Old Minstrel.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. Sept. 28.—-
Santa Fe passenger train No. 7. west
bound, was wrecked about six miles
below Albuquerque to-day by the
spreading of the rails. Two baggage
cars, a mail car and a tourist sleeper
were piled up in the ditch, but the lo
comotive and four rear cars did not
leave the track. A negro tramp, who
was riding on the platform between
the two baggage cars, was crushed to
death. Nobody else was injured.
Three Baggage and Mall Cars and a
Tourist Sleeper Pile Up In the
Ditch.
SANTA FE PASSENGER
TRAIN JUMPS TRACK
NEW YORK. Sept. 28. — William
Zeigler, the well known capitalist and
Arctic exploration enthusiast, was
quite seriously injured in a runaway
last night at his summer home. Col
lenders Point. Conn. He had Just re
turned from New York and was driv
ing home behind a spirited team. Tha
coachman had turned the horses into
the gateway of the estate while they
were going at a considerable speed.
The wheels cramped under the body
of the vehicle, throwing It over. Mr.
Zeigler, his coachman and his foot
man were thrown to the ground. The
coachman In a moment had the horses
under control, but not before Mr.
Zeigler had been dragged a few feet.
The family physician has examined
Mr. Zlgler and finds that no bones
are broken, although there are several
contusions and evidence of a bad
shaking up.
William Zdgler Is Thrown From HJa
Carriage In Connecticut and
Severely Bruised.
BACKER OP MANY ARCTIC
EXPEDITIONS BADLY HURT
" CHICAGO, Sept. . 28. — Brigadier Oneral
Frederick - Funston arrived ' In ' Chicago ¦ to-day
and j succeeded- Brigadier General Frederick D.
Grant as commander of the Department of the
Lak««. ;•¦'. ' ' - . .
BAKERHKIEI-D. S*pt. 2S.— Morgan Stewart,
a waiter about 'SI years of a«e. attempted
suicide to-day. He. took a dose of strychnine
because, is he Informed his mother, ••"he had
troubl'.s." His death Is expected.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 28.— W. B.
Biddta, freight traffic manager of the
Santa Fe," this afternoon denied the
report that there v was any traffic ar
rangement between the Santa Fe and
Union Pacific.
No Traffic < Arrangement.
LAKEVIEW, Ore.. Sept 28.— Elden
Woodcock, a Lakeview. hunter, is
walking around on crutches because
of t. peculiar accident. \
Woodcock was hunting on Goose
Lake when two honkers came flying
overhead. He fired at the foremost
and tl>en turned to dispose of the
second, paying no attention to the
goose he had just killed. The fowl's
heavy body struck his leg a glancing
blow, causing a painful injury.
Nimrod -Kills' Bird, Turns to Shoot
Another and Receives Injuries
That Cripple Him.
GOOSE FALLS AND HITS
HUNTER ON THE LEG
NEW YORK, Sept 28. — Collector of
the Port N. N. Stran&han has announced
the formal seizure of four cases of
dutiable merchandise found among the
baggage on a French steamer recently."
Tho articles mostly belonged to dress
makers returning, from Paris and ag
gregate in value about $12,000. One
lot belonging to a San Francisco man,
which had been released on a bond of
$1600, also was ordered seized after
the case had been investigated. As the
goods had been released, the bond will
be seized Instead. '
Stuff Brought From Paris by Dress
.makers Is Confiscated by Custom -
House Officials at New York.
MANY DUTIABLE ARTICLES
FOUND ON FRENCH LINER
VALLEJO, Sept. 28. — Frank R.
Devlin has been appointed by. Grand
Exalted Ruler O'Brien of the Elks
district deputy grand exalted ruler for
the Northern District of California.
Vallejo Elk Is Honored.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28.— Thomas A.'
Wood, grand commander" of ¦< the In
dian War Veterans' Association of.
Oregon, died of .heart, disease at his
home in this city yesterday, aged 67
years.
Indian War Veteran Dies.
CLEVELAND. Ohio., Sept. 28.— A group of
bankers has been named by the creditors of
the Auitiran Company of Canton, Ohio, to co
operate with Receiver Sullivan In ttralghten-
Ing out the affair* of the concern, which made
en assignment recently with liabilities aggre
gating Jl.fOO.OOO.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 28. — Santa Clara
County is to have the most modern
dairy in the United States. This is to
be erected bv James W. Rea on his
ranch a few miles northwest of this
city. Its cost will be $75,000, and the
contra'ct for the work has already been
let. The plans for the dairy have
been passed on by the Health Officer
of this city and the authorities of
San Francisco. Authorities pro
nounce the Dlans far ahead of any
thing they had ever heard of in the
dairy line.
The building will accommoate 120
cows of the Holsteln breed. All the
floors will be of concrete, and a stream
of water will continually run through
the center drain, and the stalls will
be so arranged that they can be
flushed every day. Milkers will be
compelled to wear uniforms, and
everything will be done to insure
cleanliness.
Plant Will Be Up-to-Date in Every
Way and Will Cost
$75,000.
MODERN DAIRY PLANNED
FOR SANTA CLARA COUNTY
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, Sept. 28. —
While the funeral procession of Deputy
Sheriff Sweet, who was murdered by a
man named Conroy Sunday night,
while the latter and his companions
were attempting to rob some section
men, was passing to the cemetery to
day, fi. mob was hastily organized,
a rope i procured and a rush made
for the jail for the purpose of lynching
Conroy. The officers, however, were
too quick. for the half-formed mob,
and, with the aid of hastily sworn in
deputies, protected , Conroy and per
suaded the crowd to disperse.
Crowd at Blackfoot Fails in Attempt
to Take Slayer of , Deputy
• Sheriff From Jail.
IDAHO OFFICERS SAVE
: -; 3IURDERER FROM MOB
SAN JOSE. Sept. 28.— Miss Louise
Bqland. a popular young lady of
Butte. Mont., and Robert Page of
this city were married here at noon
to-day. The ceremony was performed
at St. Joseph's Church by Father
Walsh, After a short honeymoon
Mr. and Mrs. Page will go to Nevada,
where they will make their home.
Church Wedding at San Jose.
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 28.— In
broad daylight this afternoon an aged
miner named Mclntosh was held up
and robbed by several men on the
streets near the business center of
the city just as he was leaving a sa
loon and restaurant, where ' he had
eaten. Sheriff Kelly late this after
noon captured five hoboes, whom Mc
lntosh identified as the* men guilty of
the crime. ' V •.' / ' '
Tramps Arc Arrested for Daring
Crime Committed in Business
Section of Bakersfleld.
MINER HELD UP BY FIVE
MEN IN BROAD DAYLIGHT
The steamship Loyalist, formerly the
Clan MacAllister, is 1419 tons net bur
den, is 305 feet long, has 39 feet beam
and is 23 feet 3 inches deep. She was
built in 1891 at Glasgow and is owned
by Furness, Withey & Co., Limited, of
West Hartlepool.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Sept. 28.— Charles E.
Padllla. an Indian youth., was to-night found
guilty of murder In the first degree, with the
penalty fixed at life imprisonment. Padllla.
with two companions, beat and shot to death
an old man named H. E. McCarthy. Padilla
was once sentenced to death, but the Supreme
Court ordered a new trial. ¦ .
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 28. — A
distinguished party comprising the
Earl of Litchfield. Lady Litchfleld, the
Earl of Dartmouth, Lady Dartmouth,
Lord Anson, Lord Lewisham and Col
onel the Hon. W. Coke, arrived here
this evening. Several of the party are
en route to Japan and others will visit
the principal American cities.
Distinguished Visitors Arrive.
ST. JOHNS, Nova Scotia. Sept. 28. —
The British steamship Loyalist, bound
from Halifax for London with a gen
eral cargo, went ashore last night at
Seal Cove. Trepassey Bay, near Cape
Race, during a dense fog. She will be
a total wreck, but a portion of the
cargo may be saved. The crew made
their escape.
British Tramp, Bound From Halifax
for London. Will Become Total
Wreck on Rocky Bench. .
STEAMSHIP LOYALIST IS
ASHORE NEAR CAPE RACE
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 23. — Superior Judge
Hughes to-day sustained a demurrer to the
complaint of the Union Trust Company rfg&lnst
the State to recover face value and Interest
upon Montgomery-avenue bonds, holding Tftat
the Legislative act authorizing the bond Issue
did not make the State liable for th« bonds.
EASTWOOD, Ontario, Sept. 23. —
An eastbound freight on the Grand
Trunk Railway crashed into another
freight train near here to-day. A
number of cars were demolished and
Engineers Kirkland and Heron. Con
ductor Falls and Brakeman Benedict
were killed. Fireman Cameron was
fatally injured.
Two Engineers, Conductor and Brake
man Killed in Accident on Grand
. Trunk Hailwnv. "
FREIGHT TRAINS CRASH
TOGETHER IX ONTARIO
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 28.— Alexander
G. Meyers, an eighteen-year-old boy
who came here a few weeks ago with
his widowed mother rrom Salt Lake
City, and who was employed in a local
department store, was shot and fatally
wounded by Policeman Bell at 1:30
o'clock this morning while in the act
of burglarizing Berg & Smiley's sa
loon on Nineteenth street.
Myers fired one shot at the officer
before the latter shot. He died in a
few minutes after declaring that he
had no accomplices, but the officers be
lieve that another was implicated. An
other boy was arrested on suspicion
this morning, but was released, having
proven an alibi.
Officer Bell was exonerated by the
Coroner's jury.
The four men are in jail charged with
conspiracy, while the women were ar
rested on the charge of violating the
Edmunds act in order to hold them as
witnesses and prevent them from es
caping across the line.
United States Attorney Nave says
he will vigorously prosecute the cases
to stop the fraudulent marriages, con
tracted for the purpose of evading the
immigration law.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 28.— Chief Immi
gration Commissioner Frank Sargent
will arrive in San Diego on Friday. He
will make a triD overland along the
border line from Tia Juana, eastward
of the Mexican side, in order to ac
quaint himself with the conditions with
which the local officers have to deal.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Sept. 2S.— United
States Attorneji Xave surprised Sam
Pepper and his confederates here to
day by causing the arrest of all the
parties com-erned in Pepper's plot to
beat the Government by marrying three
Mexican women he wished to bring into
the United States for immoral purposes
to Charles Alexander, Herbert Row
land and Wllliafn Cummings,,all Amer
ican citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Federal Authorities Swoop
Down Upon a Gang of Bold
Smugglers Near the Line
Officer Finds Bakersfield
Youth Attempting to Kob
a Saloon and Shoots Him
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 28. — A gigantic
irrigation system similar to the Im
perial system has been perfected for
Lower California and work will begin
immediately. By the system 200,000
acres of land just south of the inter
national boundary will be reclaimed-
The Colorado River will furnish the
water. ; ,> S
To Reclaim Arid Lands.
BOY BURGLAR
SHOT TO DEATH
WOMEN JAILED
WITH HUSBANDS
In 1302 «n acre of ground harvested eighteen
racks. In February. 1903, these eighteen,
racks wfre planted on forty acres and they
r»>8i>ed 163 sacks. In December these 1C3
parks sown r.n acres brought 4612 eack>.
These t; ,..- will averajre 119 pounds and are
of the best quality Krain.
At the sugK«-iition of David G. Fairchild
of the horticulture department I sent a tun-
Ile of the barley to the TVahl Hentus In^l
tu-re of Fermentoiopy for an experiment to de
tertslre its value as a brewing element. It is
• two-row grain of the chevalier barley type.
It wss thought that this barley would not
prow In California or even In this country.
• n« undoubtedly the hills of California have a
«reat future In store for them.
FRESNO. Sept. 28. — George C.
Reeding while visiting Smyrna three
years ago purchased several sacks of
the famous Smyrna barley, under in
structions from Walter T. Swingle of
the Department of Agriculture. The
Mrley was sent from Washington to
Reeding in this county to experiment
with: It has proved a great success.
Keeding in speaking of the matter
says:
Fr***no County Fanner Plants Grain
and Reaps a Harvest That Is
Astonishing.
EXPERIMENT WITH SMYRNA
BARLEY PROVES A SUCCESS
PEORIA, 111., Sept. 28.— Driven in
samr through grief at the death of
Edward Hartman, whom he had acci
dentally, shot, George Brown of Chi
cago was picked up in the streets to
day a raving maniac. So fierce were
his struggles that it required six offi
cers to overpower him.
Brown and Hartman were examining
a loaded revolver Sunday morning.
While the weapon was In Brown's
hands It was accidentally exploded, the
bullet entering Hartman's groin. He
died this morning.
Involuntary Homicide. Is Picked Up on
the Streets of Peoria » Raving
.Maniac.
ACCIDENTALLY . SHOOTS
FRIEND AND GOES INSANE
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 28.—
The mechanical strike on the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad. 'is practically
over. An agreement between the
company and the machinists and
blacksmiths has been reached on a
basis of a substantial increase for
these branches. The. amount of. the
advance in wages has not been def
initely stated, but it is understood to
be 1 cent per hour.
Vancouver Strike Settled.
Every infant striker wore a badge
to show that he or she belonged to a
"union." Some of the badges were
merely scraps of paper with the word
"union" scrawled across it. Others
wore union buttons which their fath
ers had worn. Many of the strikers
carried clubs. They threatened vio
lence against any child daring to en
ter the school yard.
After a detail of six policemen had
been sent to the school to preserve
order the "strike" was "settled." A
committee appointed by the youthful
"strikers" learned that the rumor of
a colored teacher having been em
ployed in the kindergarten class of
the school was false. About 80 per
cent of the strikers "went back to
their classes. Truant officers began
a search for the absentees.
Outside the picket cordon a crowd
of 700 boys and girls hooted and
yelled at the teachers looking from
the school windows. .
CHICAGO. Sept. 28. — Fifty boy
pickets stationed about the McAllis
ter public school here prevented pu
pils from entering to-day. None of
the pickets is more than 15 years of
age.
Organize Strike Under Belief That
Dark Skinned Kindergarten As
sistant Is a Negro.
CHICAGO SCHOOL CHILDREN
DRAW THE COLOR LINE
SPOKANE, Sept. 28. — "Our trouble
with the telegraphers has been set
tled," stated General Manager Ward
of the Great Northern Railway to-day.
"The road, after several conferences
with the committee, has refused to
grant any of the demands made by
the men and all the men have kept
on working, making no further com
plaint."
Demands of Telegraphers of Great
Northern Are Refused.
OPERATORS ARE LOSERS.
When recently in the city Ballington
Booth took special interest in the selec
tion of the home and laid his plans
before his representatives here. The
result is that every care and comfort
possible will be assured the little in
mates whose future career it Is hoped
t'.i guard against the bad surroundings
and temptations which endangered
their childhood days.
The Volunteers have arranged to pur
sue still greater efforts In "tenement
work" in the city and Mrs. Colonel
Duncan, who acts as the personal rep
resentative of Mrs. Ballington Booth in
the prison work, has been put in
charga of the children's and tenement
work.
The home will also be used for tho
neglected little ones who constantly
come under the observation and care
of the Volunteers.
A home for children has been opened
by the Volunteers of America at 599
Buena Vista avenue, corner of Java
street. The house contains twenty-one
rooms and is in the center of a large
lawn.
The institution will be known as the
Maud B. Booth Home for Children,
and its principal feature will be the
caring for the friendless children of
State prisoners, thus placing them un
der influences which will benefit them
in after life.
MAUD B. BOOTH HOME ON BUEXA VISTA AVENUE. NEAR JAVA STREET.
WHICH THE VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA HAVE JUST OPENED FOR THE
SHELTER OF HELPLESS AND HOMELESS LITTLE ONES
HARRODSBURG, Ky., Sept. 23.—
Eighty negroes, thirty of them women,
have arrived here from South Fork,
from where they were ordered to leave
by the whites because one of the ne
groes stabbed a farmer's wife. It is
reported that the white woman is dead.
The negro men were working on a
railroad near South Fork. One of the
women at the railroad camp went to a
farm house and demanded a lunch.
This was given her and while the host
ess' back was turned the negro woman
snatched some clothes and ran away.
The farmer's wife pursued and caught
her, but was stabbed by a negro. The
news of the affair spread rapidly, and
in a short time a posse of 200 white
men had driven the negroes from the
vicinity. The blacks will not be per
mitted to remain in Harrodsburg.
Black Stabs a White Woman at South
Fork and Colored Population Is
Expelled by Mob.
EIGHTY NEGROES DRIVEN
FROM KENTUCKY TOWN
GRANTS PASS, Or., Sept. 28. — A
fabulous strike has been made in vir
gin placer diggings and on The
San Francisco Call claim. The ground
Is being worked by H. L. Lewis and
partner, and is yielding handsomely
in nuggets and coarse gold.
The Call claim is located at the
head of the pioneer district of Galice,
and being more remote was over
looked' during the palmy days when
over $3,000,000 was cradled from the
creek bed in a few months. A water
right has been secured for The Call,
and It will be worked this winter by
sluice and probably by pipe and giant.
Nuggets and Coarse Gold Found In
Quantities on Virgin Placer
Claims.
FABULOUS STRIKE MADE
IX OREGON DIGGINGS
SAUSALITO, Sept. 28.— The' residents
of Sausalito voted to-day to issue bonds
to the amount of $30,000 for the pur
pose of constructing two modern school
houses and procuring necessary furni
ture. Great interest was taken in the
election, as Sausalito has grown rap
idly In the last few years and has felt
the need of greater school accommoda
tions. The result of the election was
238 votes for the bonds and 42 against.
The election was called by the Board
of Trustees of the Sausalito school dis
trict. Town Trustee W. J. Martin,
Father . Valentine,"-' Mayor Thomas I and
other public-spirited citizens led the
fight for the bonds, and It was due to
their efforts that the proposition was
carried by almost a unanimous vote.
Sausalito is sadly in need of better
educational facilities at present. The
classrooms are crowded and a vote
against the. issue of the bonds, would
have been detrimental, to the town.
The prison record shows that Stroh
is a second termer, now serving twen
ty years for burglary. For some time
he has been suspected by the prison
officials of trafficking in drugs. Their
surpicions 'were confirmed when they
found upon him a vial of morphine.
Stroh refused to tell where he pro
cured it and was put in the strait
jacket.
SAX RAFAEL. Sept. 28. — Convict
fAd£m Stroh. about whom so much
has been published the last few days
in a San Francisco daily, whose pun
ishment by the Warden of San Quen
tin is fhe cause of a threatened inves
tigation by the State Board of Prison
Directors, was interviewed by a Call
representative to-day. The reporter
called upon the Warden this after
noon and requested information con
cerning the charges of cruelty and in
human treatment of prisoners made
against the prison in the same daily.
The Warden was very frank in his
statements concerning the disciplinary
measures he had taken to suppress
the opium traffic. He stated that he
is perfectly willing to have his actions
in this respect fully investigated and
felt that the result would prove to
the public the justness of his action?.
When asked if Convict Stroh was in
a paralyzed condition from his ex
perience in the strait jacket the War
den replied that Stroh himself could
best answer that question and or
dered Captain Swan to conduct The
Call representative to the incorrigible
cell in which the prisoner is confined.
Stroh is one of the seven who are suf
fering solitary confinement in the iron
cells on the floor of the old factory
building of the great penitentiary.
The door of Stroh's cell was opened
and out of the darkness stepped the
convict. He walked a distance of
twenty feet to where the reporter was
Ftanding and showed no signs of loss
of power in any part of his body. His
carriage was erect and free and he
looked anything but a paralytic. When
introduced to the reporter he smiling
ly shook hands and then very freely
answered the questions put to him.
He stated that he had been in the
strait jacket on and off for about 120
hours. When asked how he felt he
said:
¦ Oh, pretty good."
He denied that he was carried from
ih» straitjacket to his cell.
• Why." he laughingly said, "I
walked all the way up this big flight
of stairs and when we got to the top
Swan was puffing and I wasn't. Of
course I suffered in the jacket, but
without evil effects."
This ended the interview and Stroh
was again locked up in his solitary
ten.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
If Captain Hemphill claims the punch
bowl as his personal property and has
his name inscribed on it, it is regarded
here that he has either taken it from
the ship without due process or he has
violated the statute prohibiting the ac
ceptance of such a gift from a foreign
ruler, On either horn of the dilemma,
he may be liable to investigation and
discipline.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— What Is
now known as the "punchbowl tem
pest," In which Captain Jacob H.
Hemphill figures as an Important fac
tor, has stirred the Navy Department
to amusement and no little concern. It
has been years since an incident of this
kind has created so much naval gossip.
Already an informal Investigation has
been quietly begun In the Navy De
partment and, although no protest has
been- filed, and no orders issued bear
ing on the case, the inquiry may take,
on a formal and official character.
Captain Hemphill will have to explain
why he took from the battleship Kear
sarge the punchbowl presented to that
vessel by the German Emperor.
Assistant Secretary Darling, acting
as secretary in the absence of Morton,
and Rear Admiral Converse, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, both said
to-day that they knew of no record in
the Navy Department permitting Cap
tain Hemphill to accept a gift from -the
German Emperor. Both officials, how
ever, were loth to believe that Captain
Hemphill had committed -any irregu
larity, and it was suggested in the
office of the Assistant Secretary that
perhaps he had simply taken the Em
peror's gift ashore temporarily to ex
hibit it .to his friends. There was,
however, only one opinion at the de
partment in regard to an officer of the
navy accepting for himself such a gift,
and that was that it was unquestion
ably in violation of the statute bearing
on the case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Election Returns Show That
Only Forty-Eight People
Opposed the Improvement
Walks to His Cell When Ee
jeased and Shows No Sign
of Injury or Discomfort
Captain Hemphill May Be
Subjected to Discipline
by the Navy Department
LAUGHS AT EXPERIENCE
FEW AKE AGAINST PLAN
INQUIKY BEING MADE
Growing Clamor Over the
Disappearance of Kaiser's
Gift to the Kearsarge
Citizens of Sausalito Vote
to Bond City for $30,000
for Educational Purposes
Prisoner Punished by War
don of San Queutin Says
Jacket Did Xot Harm Kim
Open a Spacious Home in Which .Waifs
and the Neglected Offspring of Con
victs May Find Shelter and Protection
CONVICT STROH
WAS NOT HURT
GOOD SCHOOLS
NOW ASSURED
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA LOOK
TO THE RESCUING OF CHILDREN
TEMPEST RAGES
IN PUNCHBOWL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904:
NEW YORK, Sept 28.— Milt O.
Baslow, the original Old Black Joe
of the minstrel stage, for many years
known as "Uncle Tom" and later with
the Texas Steer company, is dead from
cancer, aged 65 years.
3
1 ¦__ •___A_D\ 1^RTI_SE»IEyTS. , ¦
REAR-ADMIRAL HICHBORN
Recommends Pe-ru-na— Other Prominent
Men Testify.
p**. Pe-ru na Is a Preventatlve and Cura-
- «=_ S:5 <|m>jL^ & .j. tlve Medicine for Catarrh.
f/i[*A>i?^7>'.;:-$>. ::> :¦;<:.•.<:¦>;:¦ >>',iiiiii < " H ° n ' E ' **' Fitch> formerly special
li / yiH^kfh^M^^^^^^^^MfifsigHif Klnia. writes from the Census Office
/ Wl|> { '.-?'filfl^il^ - "People cannot live in the variable cli-
t % Wlliiii ' mate of the Eastern and Atlantic Coast
M 'i^Uf^^^^^^^^SmtfiH 3 States and escape liability to colds and
¥ f^i^^^^^W^^ $j§sli: ¦ catarrhal affections. The wide and com-
I* >«f$*$MKra2t*^s§» '$}!$$[' mon prevalence of these ailments is
li i»^|||^J<B^^^^^^.^;^/ ffflfj \ Proof enough of the assertion. I have
W fW-^ifi^^^^^^^ > l«*/l v J been no exception, but I hav» found a
\| *H^H> : ->^^^^^^-^^^MiWfii \ sure means for combating those great-
's ii$&&StmSBBi%>j' UlWIi fl est objections to this climate, and that
''^^^m^mJ' >" •'**»////¦ 1 is Peruna. Taken as directed. It is a curs
JifrimRnaroyiffn-' A li for present catarrhal afflictions and *
Pi3s8jgfBJ8psk .Jhsw " ll Preventative of future distress of that
I^^^^R S iliiii P " Pe - ru - na a Very Cffectlve Remedy.-
B^MM^^kM^lla j Hnn Robcr t w. Davis, memtvr oi Con-
sress from Florida, writes from Hous*
| ffi|^^^S^^i^^/ri of Representatives. Washington. D. C.
»^^WraSLIP~HicH3^P^^^^™^ "I can cheerfully recommend your
*"*«««*'• V, 3 "*^y^ remedy. Peruna, as a very effective cure
<f{^ we^mqtoiytn./ {or cougnSf colds and catarrh." — Robert
Rear Admiral Philip Hichborn of the Colds Not Promptly Cured Are Sore to
United States Navy, in a recent letter Cause Catarrh.
from Washington. D. C. gives Peruna Peruna curea catarrh. That \» all that
the following indorsement: rjr Hartman claims for It. But catarrh
"After using Peruna for a short ™££ varlous phascs Ia the homaa
time period, I Can now Cheerfully The day wa* when men of prominence
recommend your valuable remedy ™£mL? SUu^ SP^SSS&tS.
to any One who is in need Of *in in- This remains true to-day of most PJ°Prt-
j. .-»# ni 1 u- ll etary medicines. But Peruna has become
Vigorating tonic. — rhllip HiCpoOrn. so j us tly famous, Its merits are known
Rear Admiral J. A. Howell. U. S-^ Navy, to so many people of high and low sta-
writes from Washington. E>. C. fts fol- tions. that no one hesitates *<>»«• «"¦
i ows: ; name In print recommending Peruna.
"I have used your Peruna with satis- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
faction and ran cheerfully recommend factory results from the use of Peruna.
the remedy as an effective cure for write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving s
coughs and colds."-J. A. Howell. full statement of your c"«. "J J« will
The highest men in our nation have be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
given Peruna a strong indorsement. Men vlce grans. t»...i.»««» *>f T*«
Representing all classes and stations are Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tne
equally represented. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Why don't you try a dose of Hos-
tetter's Stomach-^Bitters
each meal and at bedtime? .You'll
be surprised at the amount of
good it will do you. It has cured
thousands of sickly men v \and
women in the past and won't fail
you now. It is unequaled for cur-
ing Poor Appetite, Irisomriiaj In-
digestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Nausea, Female ; Complaints
and Malaria. . Try a bottle and
test it for yourself. Avoid substi-
tutes.
IF YOU'RE SICK
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
. strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
c and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
*1 clears but not excoriates.
'***' ¦ « ¦¦.
Sold all over the world.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIEC.
Backed up by over X^^^^rt^wj
a third of a century jftSfe Miftireflr? I
of remarkable and uni- JPaBMB ffiF./ .
form cures, a T ecor fljHlgfflBBBBxBf /
such is no other
remedy for the
diseases and MBPjJSB&^SMli'
weaknesses pe- jBSxS29Hj.vx98ilw!
cnliar to women ,' . .
ever attained, the proprietors and makers
of Dr. Pierce's. Favorite Prescription now
feel fully warranted in offering to pay $500
In legal money of the United States for
any case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness,
Prolapsus, or Fallinjr of Womb, which they
cannot care. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
No other medicine than Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription could . possibly "win
out," as the saying goes, on such a proposi-
tion; but they know whereof they speak.
They have the most remarkable record of
cures made by this world- famed | remedy
ever placed to the credit of any, prepara-
tion especially designed for the cure of
woman's peculiar ailments. This wonder-
ful ¦ remedy,' therefore, stands absolutely
alone as the only one possessed of such
unrivaled properties as to fully warrant its
makers is publishing the remarkable offer
above made in the utmost good faith. - .
"A short time ¦ ago I was ' almost dead with
nervous prostration, general debility and female
.weakness," writes Mrs. Loretto WetMter, of 317
Virginia Av«., Lexington, Ky., Worthy Treasur-
er, Independent Order of Good Templars, , " Dr.
Pierce'* Favorite Prescription was recommend-'
ed to me as a sure cure, and I found this to be
true, for I obtained : splendid - results, securing
fine health. Women ought to be grateful to
think there to one «afe and sure cure offered to
them for their troubles. . I . advise every «ick
and suffering woman to stop spending money
and: wasting time with -doctors' prescriptions,
when a few bottles of your remedy is «ure to
cure., I ant the happy mother of two children,
boy aged sixteen, ana girl, eight years."
'Do not permit the dealer to insult your
intelligence by suggesting some other com-
pound which 1 he | recommends ' as " j ust as
. *ood,1 because he makes ] it himself. . '. Dr. 1
Pierce's - Favorite Prescription has stood
I the-' test? of ; time; and experience.'^ Thou-
'- sands speak well of it— because thousands
- ferre been cured by it.
_ - ..-_¦_-_-_-,_,_-.-
San Francisco. Thursday. 2» September. 1804.
It's oaK, and a
; great value, $13.50
- --An- ideal -bureau to accompany a metal bed in »
room that is to be furnished economically. Finished
-• 'golden, and the two top drawers have swell fronts.
Measures 42 inches wide and 72 inches high. Size of
mirror 22 by 28 inches. Packed and shipped to any
out-of-town address within 50 miles, freight charges
. prepaid.
¦ r (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareDECISION ON "MINES ROAD."— Oakland
. Sept 28.— Judge. Ogden is to give his decision
to-morrow morning in ' the so-called "mlaea
road" case, wherein Harry N. Morse has sought
to enjoin the Board of Supervisors from award
ing a contract for work. on. the road to Con
tractor W. O. Schmidt of Berkeley.
Brazil has made a remarkable exhibit
of 1000 kinds of the woods of that coun
try in the Forestry. Fish and Game
building at the World's Fair. The ex
hibit'will be presented to an American
university after tfc* fair. .
•FIRK . OK SKYSCRAPER'S . RO0F. i -O»k-'
land, ' Sept. 28. — Firemen were ' compelled ' to
climb to the top of the - Union Savings Bank
eleven-story building last night to extinguish
a burning tar bucket on the roof that had
been set afire by a plumber* s gasoline lamp..
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— Marriage li
censes were issued to-day to the fol
lowing: George P. Fraser, 21, and Ade
line B. Sloan, 18, both of Oakland;
Sflmuel W. R. Langdon, 81, Stockton,
and Mary E. Root, 24, Oakland; Ja
cob H. Jessen, 21, Richmond, and
Louise A. Leloy, 18, Oakland; John
Quarmly, 86, and Carrie D.. Rose, 36.
both of Oakland; Moses Bldderman,
36, and Rebekah Brown, 20, both of
San Francisco; Henry Patrick, 24, and
Julia Barboza, 18, Ramona.
. CHARGES GIRL 'WITH BATTERY.— Mrs.
E. L. Qurry. 811 Mission street, procured a
warrant from Police Judge Conlan yesterday
for the arrest of Annie Regan, a girl 15 years
of age, on a charge of battery. She wanted a
warrant for robbery, alleging that '. the girl
and Mrs. Jane McClam took from her a gold
watch and neck chain. Mrs. Curry said she
and Mrs. McClam and the girl had a fight on
September , 8 and during ' the scuffle she lost
her watch and chain.
Rev. E. P. Dennett,, the retiring, and Rev
A. T. Needham, the incoming minister of the
First , Methodist Episcopal Church, will be
honored by a reception by the ladles of the
congregation to-morrow evening In the church
parlors. -^SBBWWjtpHBftWtBBPfJBHM
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. L. Hynes departed this
evening for a tour of the Eastern States. It
will " Include a visit to the exposition at St.
Louis.
. ALAMEDA, - Sept 28.— Miss Blanche Tis
dale, who recently returned from a stay
abroad, will b« the guest of honor at a re
ception to b« given her on October 8 In Adel
phlan Hall. The hostesses will .be Mrs. Will
Bacon, Miss ¦ Chappel -and Mis's Mecartney.
Many Invitations have been Issued . for the
event. •': ' -¦ ¦' ' .'•: ¦ - ' -
BERKELEY. Sept. 28. — A surprise • party
was given to Mies Alice Lingard at the home
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Lingard of
1332 Walnut street, last "evening by her friends,
t ht. Misses Erna and Leonla Osborne. ' Music
and games . nerved to make the evening pass
quickly and - afterward refreshments were
served. The . guests were the Misses Golde
Spencer, Etta Mlddleton, Lillian Thorneson,
Ida Sampson, Maye Murphy, Gertrude Hos
ford, Lillian McTarish. Essie Porterfleld. Hazel
Nesbeth, Irene Nesbeth. Sablna Willsone;
Messrs." Frank du Fraln. Dave Reselgh, Ar
thur O'Neill, Alurn Spencer, Allen Wagner,
Holland Craig, Winfleld Hoessell, Jack du
Frain; Charles Splnk, Myron Harris, Gean Van
Antwerp. Earl Carlson, Charles Lingard, Mer
rill Atherton; Mrs. Laura Osborne, Mrs. Alice
L. M. Lingard.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — Professdr
Henry Morse Stephens of the Univer
sity of California will lecture Octo
ber 6 at 3:45 o'clock p. m. at the Com
mon School Assembly Hall, Lafayette
Park, to the public school teachers and
their friends on "Views of Modern His
torians With Regard to the French
Revolution."
Professor Stephens' Lecture.
DIVORCE SUIT FOLLOWS CHARGES.—
Oakland, Sept. 28. — As sequel to the suit for
divorce filed by Mrs. W. H. Smith on Septem
ber 21, In which Mr. Smith was accused of
infidelity and Jane Doe Graves was named as
co-respondent, comes a divorce action, begun
to-day by Frederick Graves, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, who seeks a di
vorce from Sarah W. Graves. Statutory
grounds are alleged. Suit- for divorce was
begun to-day by Thomas Graham, who desires
a decree which will separate him from Cath
erine Graham. He alleges desertion.
Two Touchdowns and a Field Goal
Gladden the Hearts of the Stan
ford Rooters.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
28. — The freshman football team
showed a remarkable reversal of form
this afternoon, easily' defeating the
eleven from the Oakland High School
by the score of 16 to 0. Two touch
downs were made and the goals were
kicked in the first half. In the second,
with just eight seconds to play, Fen
ton, the clever freshman quarterback,
dropped back and drop-kicked a field
goal from the thirty-yard line. It.fin
ished a hard game in a spectacular
way and added four points to the
scored The teams lined up: ,
Stanford. Position. . Oak. -High.
Wilson-Ferry L. E. R. Slangier
Bryan-Cole tiL. T. R. Becker
Gay- Thompson L. G. R. .Langan
Coe-My«r» Center Bramhall
Myers 5* °- !•••••••• ......Davis
Forrest ....-R. T. L ..Craig
Overman-Ramsay. . R. E. L .Countryman
Kearne-Fanton Quarter ....... Ohirardelll
Cadwallader-KocberL, H. R ......Jacobus
Vandervoort-Doig. . R. H, L ......Jackson
Moody Fullback Stow
CARDINAL FRESHMEN WIN V
-Vv FROM OAKLAND ELEVEN
OAKLAND, Sept 28. — Judge Henry
Melvin, a p*opular member of Oakland
Lodge of Elks, has just been notified
by \V. J. O'Brien of Baltimore, the
grand exalted ruler of the Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, that he
has been appointed on the committee
of appeals. Judge Melvin has accept
ed the appointment. .
Judge Melvin Honored.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28.— Mor« than a hun
dred students will participate In the Greek
play "AJax" that is to be presented on Thurs
day, October 13, in the Greek Theater. Under
the direction of Mlsa Mabel Hay Barrows of
New York the student actors are rehearsing
several times a week, so that they will be
perfectly trained when the day of the play ar
rives. Miss Barrows herself will take the
part of Tecmeesa, the wife of Ajax, a rol«
that sh«? has portrayed, in Eastern perform
ances; Mlsa Gladys C. Wickson will play
Athena; Monroe E. Deutsch, Odysseus; Henry
Dewing, Ajax; Warner Brown, Teucer and the
Messenger; Maynard McFle, Agamemnon, and
W. W. Lyman, Menelaus. The chorus, rep
sentlng Salarntnlan sailors, will be led by R.
M. Cleg horn and supported by J. L. Dobblna.
S. H. Weber, H. H. Kelley, Charles Cox, L.
A. Dyke, T. E. Ambrose, O. P. Nock, W. N.
Gabriel, J. R. Buchanan. R. M. Wilson, H.
C Linscott, G. C. Whittnore, W. F. Clark and
V. V. Llgda. Besides the cast and sailor cho
rus there will be a . hundred . men, women and
children. in classic dress, who will participate
in the Greek religious procession before the
play begins.
The San Francisco section of the American
Mathematical « Society will meet in room 21
of North Hall Saturday morning next tor a
session that will continue from 11 to 2 o'clock.'
The committee having charge ot the affair con
sists «f Professor Irving Stringham and Pro
fessor M. W. Haskell of California and Pro
fessor G. A. Miner of Stanford.
The - Associated Graduate Students have
elected the following new officers: President,
L. E. Martin; vice president, A. P. Stover;
secretary, Mies Dora L. Martin; treasurer.
Miss Tallulaa 1* Conte; executive committee—
Professor A. F. Lange. Charles Dealer, Fred
Lasater and Miss Elizabeth Arneill.
The song and yell competition will close at
5 o'clock on Friday by which time all man
uscripts must have been handed In at the co
operative store. President Harry Dehm of the
Associated 8tudents has chosen A. M. Cooley
L. E. Buckley, N. N. Eddy, Walter de Leon
and E. S. Rust to select the best of those sub
mitted, for which prizes will be awarded.
Professor Charles M. . Bake well. *89, will ad
drees the Philosophical Union on "Modern Re
visions of the Problem of Knowledge" at 8
o'clock Friday evening In the philosophy build
in?. It will be open to th« public
The reDOrt of Mervyn J. Samuels, managw
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Residenti* of Oakland Dead.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — The funeral
of George Uhl Sr., a pioneer business
man of this city, who died recently in
Florida, will be held at 2 p. m. to
morrow from the Masonic Temple.
The remains of Mrs. Anna Hoar,
who died in Cazadero. have been
brought to this city and the funeral
will be held Friday afternoon from
the family residence, 1468% Seventh
street. The deceased leaves a hus
band, Herman Hoar.
F. C. Canfield, a well known mem
ber of the Master Builders' Associa
tion of Oakland, died Monday morn
ing at Vallejo, where he had gone in
search of better health. The remains
will be sent to this city for interment
at Mountain View Cemetery.
A. Scott Hill, a native of Massa
chusetts, died yesterday in this city,
aged 45 years. The deceased leaves
a wife and daughter, both of whom
reside in the East- Hill was a mem
ber of the Knights of Pythias.
BURGLAR STEALS MOKET.— Oakland
S*rt- 28. — A- burglar Btcle $1 60 from Loais
Melrose's residence oa Thirty- seventh street
yesterday. •
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — David Hill,
an old time hackdriver, was found
dead to-night in bed at his room,
508% Fifteenth street, by Harry Rup
perd, a roommate, who had gone to
call Hill to go to work. Hill drove
a cab for F. W. Baker. He was 35
years old, a native of England. Death
was caused, it is supposed, from al
coholism. The Coroner took charge
of the body.
Hackruan Found Dead.
BENEFIT FARCES FOR ATHLETICS.
Alameda, Sept. 28. — Two farces. "An Econom
ical Boomerang" and "A Christmas Chime."
will be presented in Armory Hall Friday night
by the Boys' Athletic Association of the Ala
nieda High Schocl for the bentflt of the treas
ury of the organization. Candy made by High
School girls will be sold by them during 'the
performance? the receipts to be added to th«
athletic funds.
for the '05 Blu« and Gold, shows that after
having published the most expenslv* edition
of the annual ever attempted ther« is a sur
plus of $206 15 on hand. The receipts w*re
$0069 60. and the expenditures $0403 33. The
detailed account of the receipts shows that the
lncom« from class assessments was $3351 ; from
sales, $3308 50; from advertising. $2750, and
from other sources, $200. The cost of print
ing and binding the book was $TS7S. The
surplus will be equally divided between Man
ager Samuel9 and Editor Eugene R. Hallett.
who will assume all resperwibtllty for future
claims that may arise against thw book.
OAKLAND, Sept 28. — Oakland
Lodge No. 171 of Elks will hold ser
vices at 9 o'clock Thursday morning
at the lodge hall. Fourteenth street,
near Broadway, over the late Fred
erick P. McFeely, who was one of the
oldest members of the lodge. At 10
o clock religious services will be held
at Sacred Heart Church, Fortieth and
Grove streets. The body "will be in
terred in the Elks' Rest in Mountain
View Cemetery. '.,.<.
Will Honor Departed Elk.
Freshmen Positions. - Lick.
Northcroft-Harrls..R. E. L... O'Connor-Thane
Rlchardson-Rlley. . R. T. I...... Main
Budleman- Foster.. R. G. L.. .HotehkiM-Moul
len-Murray
Allen- Bamlcott. . . . Center ...Crow-Hotchklss.
White
Kerr t». G. R.Keenan-Heltmuller
Stow L. T. R White
Ostrander- Jordan.. L. E. R... Deacon- Schmidt
Kendall - Herrlot. . . .Quarter . .Gattaldl-Oolcher
Twilchell Fullback Snell
Snowdon-Duggrln...R. H. It. ..Deltz-Merrltt-
Semlnerlo
Golcher-Newman...I>. H. R Henderaoa
Referee — Jacobus. Umpire — McFadden. Time
of halves — First, IS minutes; second, 20 mln-
BERKELEY, Sept. 28. — California's
freshman football team got together
well to-day after playing two ragged
practice games and scored two touch
downs and a goal against .Lick on
Berkeley field, making the score 11
to 10.
In the first half the fresmen's
chances were materially ajded by a
run by Snowdon of twenty yards that
put the ball so close to the Lick goal
that it was no trouble to boost It over
in the next two downs. Richardson
failed to kick the goal.
Soon after the beginning of the sec
ond half the freshmen scored the sec
ond touchdown. Golcher made a
thirty-yard run and left only five yards
to gain and these were easily acquired.
Richardson kicked the goal. The line
up was as follows: .=-*" ; -
Blue and Gold Freshmen Show Marked
Improvement in Play.
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS LICK.
W. H. O'Gara, a; youth whose parents
live at 960 Geary street in San Fran
cisco, took the stand to-day in Judge
Hall's court to testify in his own be
half, while seeking to clear himself of
the charge of perjury he now faces.
O'Gara is a bridegroom of a few
months' experience, who married Mary
E. Dunning, also of San Francisco,
when, according to her parents, the
girl was not yet eighteen years old.
O'Gara swore that she was of a mar
riagable age when he secured a license
in this city from Deputy County Clerk
Martin Hanley. From this circumstance
springs the charge of perjury.
Four years ago O'Gara was convicted
of a felony, the parents of a young
Alameda girl, Ella M. -Jessie, making a
serious charge against him. He served
in San Quentin a portion of the time
ordered by the court and was released
on parole. He met Miss Dunning in
San Francisco and their wedding fol
lowed despite parental objection. Four
weeks after the ,weddlng he was ar
rested and charged with perjury-
On the witness stand to-day he gave
his occupation as that of a musician.
He is 25 years old, smooth faced,
curly haired, chubby — a not unpleasing
youth in appearance and his story was
tbat s he loved the girl he married, did
not know she was under* age and had
none but praiseworthy motives when
he married her.
Argument of counsel was begun this
afternoon and the case will go to the
jury some time to-morrow morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
Youth Who Married San
Francisco Maiden Answers
Perjury Charge in Court
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — Mrs. Kate
Putnam, one of the litigants in a
three-cornered dispute in court to de
termine the ownership of money ad
vanced by her to the Oakland Enquirer
Publishing Company, has directed her
attorneys. Chapman & Black, to dis
miss the action on her behalf.
Mrs. Putnam, sister of a former busi
ness manager of the newspaper con
cerned, advance $960 to pay the com
pany for printing- books ordered by
County Assessor Dalton, she to be re
imbursed when the county paid the
publishing company's bin. The money
v.as apparently lost in the shuffle be
tween the publishing company's men
and the county official and the courts
¦were asked to solve the puzzle of its
disappearance. >,
Quarrel O\rr Disappearance of Money
Is linded by Plaintiff iu
the Action.
MRS. PUTNAM DISMISSES
SUIT AGAINST COUNTY
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— Florence Ellis,
15 years old, was arrested and brought
back from her home at Wrights Sta
tion, Santa Cruz Mountains, to-night
by Detective George Kyte on a war
rant that charges the girl with stealing
a doll, worth $2, from the West Oak
land Home.
Grace L. Trevor, matron of the home,
swore to the complaint. Behind the
arrest is an effort, it is said, on the part
of the home authorities to have the girl
brought Within the Jurisdiction, of the
Juvenile Court. Mrs. Louise White
neck, the girl's mofBer, declares she
does not know why her daughter has
been arrested. The complaint was filed
September 3, but the warrant waa not
served until to-day, although, accord
ing to the mother, her daughter was
at the home until last Sunday. Flor
"e"nce left there then without notifying
the authorities.
She went to Wrights, where her
mother and sisters reside. The girl
and her mother insist : that the doll in
controversy was given to Florence by
a Mrs. Dunsmuir of Fruitvale. It "was
returned to the home people before the
girl's sudden departure, she claims.
The police have information that leads
them to believe that the girl is wanted
to explain concerning other missing
articles. She had been in the home for
two years, having been placed there
by her mother. Her father Is dead,
and the mother remarried recently, and
says she had intended to take the girl
out of the institution in a short time.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith made
some investigation to-night,- and al
lowed the girl to go with her mother,
who accompanied her daughter from
Wrights. The case will be heard to
morrow.
BRIDEGROOM
AS A WITNESS
Young O'Brien was employed in the
shipbuilding department of the rail
road company. He resided at 1817
Goss streets with his parents.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — Joseph
O'Brien. 16 years old, a mechanics'
apprentice employed by the Southern
Pacific Company, was drowned this
afternoon by falling from a gang
plank on the ferry-boat Berkeley at
the Oakland mole. The boy had
started to board the ferry-boat after
lunCh and slrpped on the plank. He
lost his balance and fell into the bay.
Before help could reach him O'Brien
sank tor the third time. Half a doz
ep men grappled for the body, but it
had not been recovered up to a late
hour to-night.
Joseph O'Brien Loses Balance While
Crossing to Ferry-Boat
Berkeley.
BOY FALLS FROM PLANK
1XTO BAY AND DROVUSTS
Matron of an Oakland Home
Says That Florence Ellis
Stole a Two-Dollar Doll
LITTLE GIRL
IS ARRESTED
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — Only fifteen
summers has Frank McGlaughlin
seen, but he is far enough advanced
on the path of the transgressor to be
held to answer on a charge of bur
glary. Justice Geary heard evidence
tending to convict the lad of burglary
to-day and ordered him bound over to
the Superior Court.
The youth confessed that his ambi
tion to go on a camping trip. inspired
his burglarious entrance into an Elm
hurst store, from which he took $15.
He needed the money to pay his share
of the expenses. The burglary was
committed on June 25. In his con
fession the youth involves Louis Cot
ter, also of Elmhurst, but his state
ments are contradictory and the of
ficials are not inclined to prosecute
Cotter.
Elmhurst Lad's Offense Inspired by
Wish to Pay for Camp
ing Trip.
YOUTH OF 15 YEARS
CONFESSES TO BURGLARY
County Clerk Cook estimates that
the roll will contain the names of near
ly 32,000 voters and he declares that
In the Republican strongholds of the
county the increase is unusually large.
Berkeley has about 600 more voters
than last time, Alameda has increased
Its representation on the register and
Oakland is also ahead of its b6st rec
ord in the past.
The County Clerk's office was kept
oj.en until midnight to-night to ac
commodate tardy voters who wished
to register.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S. — More than
fOO registration slips came into the of
fice of County Clerk Cook to-day, this
being the last day when registration
could be performed. The slip's were
mailed by deputies wh6"~"have been
¦working for the County Clerk in pre
cincts outride the city. It is deemed
likely that as many more of these slips
will come into the office, via the mail
route, to-morrow and the total is ac
cordingly expected to be considerably
ahead of the mark reached two years
ago when the Great Register was pre
pared.
County Clerk J. 1\ Cook Has More
Names on the County Roll Than
Ever Before.
The relief is the work of Mrs. Wini
fred Rieber, wife of Professor C. H.
Rieber of the University of California.
Mrs. Rieber' is distinguished for her
skill as a sculptress. In this instance
she has. had remarkable success in se
curing a.likenesf ,4>f,. Professor Richard
son, as she was compelled to, work with
so unconvincing A thing as an old pho
tograph, taken of the subject years be
fore his death. .
BERKELEY, Sept. 28.— Stanford's
tribute to the memory of the late Pro
fessor George Mann Richardson, be
loved of its faculty and students, is a
bas relief of thejdistinguished chemist
finished in bronzed Funds for the me
morial were subscribed by the instruc
tors and students in the chemistry de
partment at Stanford and it waa put
in place yesterday in the chemistry
building at Stanford.
Mrs. W, S. Palmer Is at home every Thurs
day, and one may always find a clever and
congenial group of callers at her hospitable
home.
Mm. Bernard Miller was "at home" again
to-day and was assisted by a bevy of her girl
friends, including Miss Winifred Burge, Mrs.
Danjel Belden, Mrs. Harry Farr, Miss Carolyn
Oliver, Miss Cordelia Bishop, Miss Mary Wilson
and Miss Anita Oliver.
Mr. and Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf will bo
honored guests at several coming affairs, In
cluding a, coaching trip Saturday In the
Butters' tally-ho and a luncheon to be given
by Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard.
Mrs. George Gross will entertain at cards
next Saturday in honor of h«r sister. Mis.
William Richardson of Texas.
One of the many five hundred clubs that en-
Joyed the season together last winter will
probably reorganize. /The ladies of the club
will be entertained by Mrs. Harry P. Carlton
Friday afternoon, when an attempt at reor
ganization will be made.
Miss Blanche Tisdale, who has returned to
Oakland after an extended absence, will be the
motif for a pretty affair at the Adelphian
Club next week, when three young ladies
of Alameda will be the hostesses.
Miss Helen Nelson will entertain on the 3d
for Miss Taylor at a card party.
Wedding cMmes are again in th« air, Octo
ber 12 having been selected by two young
brldes^ — both members of the smart set — Miss
Mabel Donaldson and Miss Florence B. Taylor.
The wedding of Miss Donaldson and George
Chase will be a San Francisco affair, of course,
as the bride's residence is there now. but the
nuptials of Miss - Taylor and James Ireland
will I be celebrated here, at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward P.
Taylor, on Fourteenth street. It promises to
be en elaborate affair, over 200 Invitations
having been Issued.
Before tea was served Mrs. Charles Poulter
was heard in two charming vocal numbers,
"The Carnival of Venice and Variations" by
Benedict and "The Naughty Little Clock" by
de Koven. Mrs. Poulter has a sweet voice
and is doing some very clever work now.
Mrs. A. J. Pilsbury was hostess to-day and
was assisted by other members of the club.
Among those present were Mrs. W. S. Palmer,
Mrs. W. A. Schrock and guest, Mrs. Wessen
dorf of ' Sftnta Crua, Mrs. M. L» Broadwell,
Mrs. John Bassford, Mrs. Nora Ryle, Mrs.
Cora Jones. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain, Mrs.
Henri Grandjean, Miss Horton, Miss Meserole.
The ladies in charge of to- day' a programme
had prepared a real treat for their guests, and
the three addresses were replete with good
things), interesting, instructive and witty.
Mrs. Caroline Olney, secretary of El Camino
Real Association, was the first speaker. Her
subject, "The Camino Real," was one full of
Interest for every thoroughgoing Californian
and to most it was a new story. The camino
real mean* the real road, a term designat
ing the wagon road, from the footpaths con
necting the early missions. The avowed pur
pose of the association is to establish a high
way from €an Diego to Slskiyou. which will
include the original Camino Real and to do
this x the co-operation of every taxpayer and
official in the State ia solicited. Not only the
building of this proposed highway, but "good
roads" Is the watchword of the association.
Mrs. Olney succeeded In arousing considerable
enthusiasm among her listeners, and without a
doubt the husband of every woman who was
there to-day had "good roads" for dinner to
night. At the close of Mrs. Olney's address,
lire. Bunnell, the club's president. In a neat
speech thanked her and reminded those pres
ent that Mrs. Olney was a charter member of
the Oakland Club and, in its infancy, actively
associated with its every interest.
Miss Josephine Hyde's little talk on Japan
was delightful, and she made it very evident
that we may learn much of practical art
from our trans-Pacific neighbors. Miss Hyde
suggested that attractive wayside tea-gardens
might be substituted, for the unsightly road
houses that now adorn our public highways.
The address by Mjbs Kate E. Whittaker
on "Domestic Science" was by no means as
dry as the title, her facile tongue and ready
wit holding the pleased attention of all.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— The ladies of the
Oakland Club will have a strong reason to be
thankful when the new Polytechnic College
building Is completed. The classes- are now
occupying the upper floor of. Maple Hall and
the noise of restless young feet and sliding
chairs is very audible in the club rooms be
low. It was a great relief to-day when the
last busy student forsook the temporary school
room, but by that time the speakers had fin
ished.
REGISTRATION IS AHEAD
OF THE USUAL STANDARD
SOME CLUB NEWS
BERKELEY, Sept. 28. — The band
concert for the benefit of the West
Berkeley Social Settlement drew a
great crowd to the Greek Theater this
evening and a handsome sum was
earned for the institution. Under ideal
conditions — perfect weather and
bright moonlight — the Third Artillery
band, U. S. A., played a programme of
classical -and popular selections, win
ning frequent applause. The follow
ing programme was rendered: March,
"Salvi" (Baldi); overture, "Stradella"
(Flctow); novelette, "A Whispered
Thought"; euphonium solo, selected.
Sergeant Giambruno; selections from
"The Serenade"; ballet music from
'•William Tell" (Rossini); intermezzo,
"In Springtime" (Brooks); introduc
tion to act 3 of "Lohengrin" (Wag
ner); descriptive, "Indian War Dance"
(Bellstedt); selections from "When
Johnny Comes Marching Home."
Third Artillery Band Entertains Hun
dreds of People In the Greek
Theater.
CONCERT FOR SOCIAL
SETTLEMENT A SUCCESS
Sculptress Designs Memorial
In Honor of Great
Chemist.
BAS RBLIEF OF EMINENT CHEM
IST WHICH YESTERDAY WAS
INSTALLED AT STANFORD UNI
VERSITY.
John R. Burnham, the wealthy capi
talist, residing at 108 Lake street, was
struck by an electric car on Twelfth
street dam at noon to-day, thrown from
a horse he was riding, knocked eense
less and badly cut and bruised. The
fine animal was so seriously injured
that the police ordered him shot by-
City Veterinarian Pierce.
Burnhajn was escorting his daughter.
Miss Lticretia Burnham, and her
friend, Miss Sevilla Hayden. who re
sides at f 122S Madison street. The
v&ung women were both mounted and
were riding a short distance ahead of
their escort when the accident oc
curred. Just as car 140, westbound, of
the AJameda electric line was riearing
the party, Burnham's horse, which was
headed in an opposite direction to the
car;? suddenly swerved and was struck
by the rapidly moving car. The mo
torman did not have time to check the
epeed, bo unexpected was the collision.
Burnham was thrown and fell on his
back in the roadway, the horse drop
ping with a broken leg. Policeman M.
Shannon was standing on the car step
and was caught between the car and
the horse, but escaped with a bruised
leg.
The young people had cleared the
car and were some distance ahead
when Miss Burnham turned and saw
her father and his horse down. Shan
non and others carried the unconscious
man to the sidewalk, and thence he
was taken to his residence, where phy
sicians were called.
Oakland Office Ean Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
Loftus, according to Mrs. Gilligan,
prowled around the Madsen back
yard, and entered the house by a back
door. He used a-.skeleton key, which
he threw away in his flight, but it
was subsequently recovered. Mrs.
Madsen returned soon after the occur
rence and said she missed no prop
erty." There was considerable money
in the house.
Mrs. M. Gilligan, residing at 167
Seventh street, saw a burglar break
into the house at 165 Seventh street
of L. P. Madsen. a contractor, shortly
before noon to-day. Possessed of
presence of mind. Mrs. Gilligan,
knowing her neighbors were absent,
ran to a telephone and without an
outcry summoned the police. The
burglar saw the patrol wagon laden
with policemen approach in response
to Mrs. Gillijran's call. In the wagon
were Chief of Police Hodgkins, Police
men Agnew, Walters and Tobin.
There followed a hot pursuit, the
patrolmen separating in their chase
after the burglar, who ran toward the
estuary, crossing Seventh street and
making south on Madison street. At
Sixth street Policemen Agnew and
Walters sprang on the fugitive and
held him. At the City Prison the
prisoner gave the name of George
Loftus.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
After listening for four hours to ar
guments made by counsel in . the case
brought byC. E. Kinnard, to test the
the vaccination law of the State, Judge
H. A. Melvin, without hesitation, sus
tained the demurrer of the District At
torney, thus defeating the object
sought to be gained by the plaintiff.
The State law was practically on trial
in this action, it being generally under
stood that this test case would serve
as a precedent and rule for other com
munities in California. The Anti-Com
pulsory \ Vaccination League took part
in the proceedings, represented by At
torney J. R. Jones.
C. E. Kinnard, the plaintiff, is him
self a lawyer. His children, twin 1 girls,
17 years old, were refused admittance
to the Oakland high . school because
they had not complied with the vac
cination regulations. The test case fol
lowed, and to-day was decided upon
the demurrer.
Judge Melvin's decision, . sustaining
the demurrer, was given, the court
said, because the insufficiency of the
plaintiff's causes for complaint made
the demurrer a proper legal proced
ure. It was stated in the decision that
if Mr. V Kinnard desires to compel the
school authorities to admit his children
they must first be vaccinated, and then
mandamus proceeding will be in order,
but not before.
V 7- . .:.,,''¦¦:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept., 28.
The Finance Committee of the City
Council to-night, after conference with
City Auditor A. H. Breed, recommend
ed that the tax levy for the current
fiscal year be fixed at $1 26, the same
as last year.
Auditor Breed's estimates fixed the
levy at $1 22, but the Council Commit
tee decided to add four cents to that
figure for park and boulevard purposes.
In addition to providing for the or
dinary expenses of maintenance of the
municipal departments the committee
makes allowances in the levy for $5000
for dredging at the city wharf, $6000
for a new fire engine house at Golden
Gate; $2500 for reconstruction of the
City Prison, to provide for proper quar
ters for female and juvenile prisoners;
SnOOO for fire apparatus at the Linda
Vista engine-house and an allowance
lor a new fire engine-house at Twelfth
and Union streets'; $18,000 for the com
pletion of the boulevard extension of
Harrison street from Twentieth to
Twenty-fourth streets; $2200 for ex
penses of the water rates suit in the
United States Circuit Court, and allow
ance for macadamizing streets around
Independence square.
The Auditor's provision for an in
crease of six men in the Police Depart
ment was cut out. The items in the
levy are $1 for maintenance, 11 cents
for high schools, 11 cents for bond in
terest and redemption, 4 cents for
parks and boulevards, total, $1 26.
The tax necessary to meet interest
charges on the $960,000 school bond
issue will be levied with the State and
county tax bills, as the bonds are a
lien against Oakland school district,
which includes property outside of the
corporate limits of the city. An ordi
nance covering the committee's recom
mendations will be offered at the Coun
cil meeting Monday night. The com
mittee had delayed actlorr* on the levy
pending the result of the bond election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
I The Supreme Court specifically says that
each proposition to carry must receive a two
thirds affirmative vote of the total vote cast.
If the total number of ballots cast is 6000,
each item to win must have received 4000 af
firmative votes, no matter what proportion of
votes Is cast on the item by itself. Suppose
the item of sewers received a vote as follows:
For. 3000: against. 1000. Notwithstanding
there is a two- thirds majority on this item, it
is not two- thirds of the total vote of 6000 and
therefore fails to carry.
Each item of proposed indebtedness was
computed according to the total vote cast at
the election, regardless of the fact that any
one proposition of itself might have received
a two- thirds affirmative vote.
Under the law. the general municipal im
provement act of 1001. each proposition sub
mitted to the people must be accepted by the
votes of two- thirds of all the voters voting at
the election to authorize .the issue of bonds.
In the case of the $17,000,000 bond issue in
San Francisco, recently decided by the Su
preme Court, it was held that each proposition
voted upon by the people of San Francisco
was required to have an afflmative vote of
two-thirds of all of the votes cast at the elec
tion.
The sewer proposition, which may
pull through, is' credited with having
received 4994 vote?. Against, it 'there
were 2234 votes cast. For the city
wharves improvements there were 4871
votes and in opposition 2247. ; ; f
City Attorney McElroy to-day ex
plained the law by which the City
Council will be guided In determining
which, if any, of the bond projects re
ceived a sufficient number of votes to
carry. 1 He made the following an
nouncement:
Concerning the- other nine features of
the bonding scheme— the parks, boule
vards, school, city hall and street im
provement plans, the' checking up of
votes to-day made no change in the
result. .••¦•¦ >
An official count will probably be re
quired to -determine the, fate of. two
of the bonding propositions— The sewer
and wharf dredging projects may have
received the necessary two-thirds vote.
The. vote Is so close that not, until the
City' Council has canvassed the ballots
will the result in these two cases be
definitely known. ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
Accident's Victim Was Es
cort to His Daughter
and Miss Sevilla Hayden
Posse Gives Chase and Lands
Fugitive After He Leads
Bluecoats a Lively Run
Court Refuses to Compel
High School Authorities
to Admit Kinnard Twins
Allowances Made for the
Improvement of Various
Arms of the Public Service
City Council Will Start
Canvass and Determine
Status of Each Proposal
Sherrard G. Harris to Frances A. Haas, lot
on SE corner of Felton and Occidental street*
E 50 by S 133. lot 1. block G, Paradise Park,
Berkeley; $10.
H. C. Barrow (husband of Jranto E.) to
Berkeley Development Company, lot oa SE
corner of Telegraph avenue and Bancroft way
S 130 by E 130. portion of lot 8. block 10. CoU
lege Homestead Association, Berkeley, quit
claim deed; $10.
Mary E. Seton (widow) to Joseph T. Renas.
lot on SE corner of Addison and Seventh
streets. E 135 by S 100. lot* 1 t<* 3, block lot
SUterna Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Joseph II. Erickson to Mlnnla J. Hiiraphrey.
lot on N corner of East Twelfth street and
Eleventh avenue. NE 100 by KW 100. block 42.
Clinton. East Oakland; also lot on W cornw of
East Ninth street and Seventh avenua. NTO*
100 by S\V 110 block 2 same. East Oakland;
$10.
Pacific Coast Loan Association to California
Building and Loan Association, lot on \Y Una
of Calais street 90 S of Woolaey. S 45 by W
150. portion of lots 20, 21 and 22. block B",
Harmon Tract, map subdivision of SW portion
of plat 63. etc., Berkeley: $10.
George and Angelle Robins to Hezekiah Dow,
lot on \V Una of Spauldln? avenua, SOS
from 3 line of Addison, N* 253 by W 129:3, lots
12, 13, 16 and 0. block 2. map of property and
location of Spaulding Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Pacific Coast Loan Association to California
Building Loan Association, lot on 8 lina of
Taylor avenue, SO B of Third avenue (Sixth
street), E 40 by S 120. portion of Aughicbaugh
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Frank Shultoa to Lacy Shultoe (wlfa). lot
beginning at solnt on &£ boundary lin* of.
Hays. Caoerton and McMurtry Tract at inter
section by continuation of SW Una of Vaa
Buren street. NW 60 to point In HW Ver
sailles avenue, thence NE 30 to point of be
ginning. NW 139 by NE SO, being N SO feat of
land conveyed to Sherman J. FlsS, 87 D. 414,
Alanieda; gift.
Emily E. McFadden (widow) to "William
Ogston (single), lot on N Una of Twenty-fourth
street. 32 B of Magnolia, E 64 by N 100, block
642, Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Henry N. McChesney (single) to Amelia A.
Johnson, lot on S line of Thirty-second street.
3C5 E of Market. E 60 by 3 140, portion of
lots 14 and 15. block 2038. Map of Rowland
Tract. Oakland: $10.
William F. and Albertlna B. Lewis to A.
L. Stone, NE S feet of lot S as par sub
division ma? of lots 14 and 13, as per map
survey 824, for H. C. Le*. Oakland: $10.
Leonle and 'Wellington Gregg Jr. to A. C.
Sll va. lot on S line of Seventh ' street. 53 "W
of Linden. W 30 by S 90. block 438. Oaklaad:
$10,
Union Savings Bank to ths Oakland Schocl
District, lot on SE corner of Broadway and
Orchard a v«nu». E 249:8. S~19&:8. ,/vV 203,
N 205. block 2102. Oakland; 112.00O.
"W. C. and Katherine L. Vrvell to Sanfonl
Hlrsch, lot on SW corner of Folsom and
Twelfth streets. S 100 by W 100. lots 1 and 4.
block 23. map of property of L. M. Beaudry
and G. Peladeau. etc., warranty deed, Oak
land: ?100O.
Sarah Ann Lawrence (widow) to Marl*
Knauer (widow 1 ), lot on NE line of East Four
teenth street. 100 SE of Eleventh avenue or
Pierce street. SE JSO by NE 140. portions lots 5
and 6 block 62. Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
William G. and Emma Logan (wife) to O.
G. Cummins and J. L. Woodworth. lot on SW
line of East Fourteenth utreet. SO SE of Tenth
avenue. RE 5O by SW 90. portion of lota 21
and 22. block 42. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Carrie B Robertson to Ethel Robertson, un
divided half of lot on X line of HilganJ ave
nue. 82.547 E of Arch strf-et. E 4O by N 110.
portion of lots 1. 2 and 3. block 8. corrected
map of Daley's Scenic Park Tract, blocks 3, 4
and 3. Berkeley; rift.
Levi J. Moran. H. V. J. and Josephine ffwaln
to Alice M. Williams (wife of Chart** W.) lot
on N line of Virginia street, 190.SM* W of Lou
isa. W 40 by N lW, portion of lots 13 and 14.
block B. Eureka Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
Nathan MansfleM (single) to Margaret J.
Barnett. lot on S line of Parker street. 1S3 R
of Shattuck avenue, E 50 by S 133. lot 11.
block 142*5. Berkeley property, map* 1 and S
of Blake Tract, portion of plat 69, etc.. Berke
ley; $1200.
A. D. and Amelia E. Wllswn to Oraee Mull I -
kin (single), lot beginning at point on E Un*
of lot 5. 138 S from S line of University ave
nue. W 52 by S 136 portion of lot 5 block 1.
Shaw Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Ell and Laura A. Henderson to Ebb* J.
Kaiser (single), lot oa W Un« of Ch«t»tnut
street. 100 N of Thirty -»«cond. 2* 40 by W 127.
block 67t>, Boardmao's map. Oakland; 510.
Pacific Coast Loan Association to California
Building and Loan Association, lot on NW
corner of Shasta and Grove streets. ¦ W 120 by
N 135. lots 15 to 17 and portion of lot IS. bloc*.
T, Alpin* Tract Oakland; $10.
Bettie K. Wyatt (widow> to Bella B. Kn
quist {trite- of J. A.), lot on S lln« of Sycamora
street, 190 "IV . of Telegraph avenua. W . 3O by
5 10O. Oakland (recorded September 27, 1804);
|10.
Sama to Margaret A. Wren (wlfa of Cbarlw
E.). lot on S lina of Sycamora street. 220 W of
Telegraph avenue. \V 30 by S 100. Oaklaad (re
corded September 27. 1SKXI): $10
Harlow P. Bancroft to C. F. Herrlman. lot*
6 and 7, block C. map Santa Fa Tract. Oak
land, deed and agreement, Oakland; Slu. . ¦
Savings and Loan Society to the Realty Syn
dicate, lot 22 block A, lot 23 block C. and W
20 feet of lot 22. block C, ma» Thermal 11111,
formerly Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
Amanda A. Sanders (guardian of cstat* of
George P. Sanders, minor) to- IIulda-E. Stau
gaard. all Interest in lot 63, map Paciflo Theo
logical Seminary Tract No. 2. Oakland; $1570.
Mary A. Daggett (wlfa of B. W.) to James
W. Daggett lot on N Una of Forty-«econtl
street, 30G:S E of Unden. E 33:4 by N 100,
portion of lot 20. block 2094. Alden Tract at
TVmescal, Oakland; gift.
KfcLVI,, ESTATE TRANSACaiOXS.
Alanietta County.
WEDNESDAY. SKPTEMBKR 2S.
PUTS FIGURE AT $126
MAN TRIES TO ESCAPE
JUDGE MELVIN'S RULING
BORNE HOME SENSELESS
OFFICIAL COUNT NEEDED
Finance Committee Makes
•No Change in Tax After
Conferring With v Auditor
John'B. Buraham, Wealthy
Oaklander, Struck by a
Car While on Horseback
Sewers and City Wharves
May Be Found to Have
Secured Requisite Votes
Case of Complaining Citizen
Dismissed and Decision
Rendered Favoring State
Sees a Burglar Enter tlie
Residence, of a Neighbor
and Gets Police in Time
RIDE NEARLY
COSTS A LIFE
WOMAN CAUSES
THIEF'S ARREST
HOPE FOR TWO
BOND PROJECTS
LEVY REMAINS
AT OLD RATE
BRONZE TRIBUTE
TO RICHARDSON
IS BAS RELIEF
VACCINATION
LAW UPHELD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 190*.
Only the heartless are hopeless.
4
FREE- -FREE- — —FREE
TOBOGGAN — —
— — MAPI,E
j\ :. ' '/:;'¦"¦- syrup
Made from Selected '
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
SUNDAY, CALL.
. See Announcement on Classified
Page.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
i - — I Positively cared by
f*A DTTDO these tit*!* Piiu.
mafm tress from Dyspepsia, In-
V&tfl ITTLE dl^estica and Too Eearty
|?l|l/p|V Eating. A perfect rem-
\A libn edy ror Dizziness. Nausea.
IS PILLS Drowsiness. Bad Taste
j ; -i |gg a la the Moutn. Coated
F^^SSs! Tongne. Pain in the Side,
BWMn ¦ i Itorpid liver. They
I regelate tlie Bowels. Purely vegetable.
SKtilPILL Simi DOSE. SHALL PRICE.
COBE SICK HEADACHE.
P3 ittle GemrinB Musi Bear
TlVER facsimile Signature
OAKLANT>.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1033.
BERKELEY*
2J48 Center Street.
Telephone »Xortto 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieda 539.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
•^j ADVERTISEMENTS. ~
GOT A TOOTHACHE*?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
the
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the trouble
and remove the cause.
EXAXffXerATXOZrs UAOS PBEE,
All our work is high grade. The teeth
made in our laboratory are perfect in
appearance and action.
Plates, YT01 Set. .$3 Bridge Work $3
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3TAY1OE ST., SAX FSAJTCXSCO.
973 WasfcOfftoa St- Oakland.
Saa Jose. - - . ffarrraT— t~->SUES PARENTS FOR MAINTENANCE.—
Justice of tho P«ace Lawson yesterday over
ruled the demurrer of the defendants In the
.suit brourht by John and Hattie Bolton to
recover $209 from John Brown and. Mary
Ann Brown, who is sometimes known as Mary
Ann Lavin. for the care and maintenance of
their daughter. Augusta Brown, a minor. The
suit will therefore be brought to trial on a
date to be set later.
Another portrait of the Emperor, a
handsome and valuable panel done in
colored silk, had been torn from its
support and subjected to the greatest
indignities. The oil paintings were
torn and there were marks showing
that the features of the Empewr had
been stamped upon.
The vandalism was reported at once
to the exposition authorities and an
investigation ordered. ;
Every effort is being made by both
the exposition authorities and the ex
hibitors to discover the guilty person
or persons.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. When the Rus
sian exhibit in the Varied Industries
building at the World's Fair was open
ed to-day it was discovered that sev
eral valuable oil paintings of Emperor
Nicholas had been torn from the wall
and mutilated by some unidentified
person or persons.
Vandals: Visit the Russian
Exhibit at World's Fair
and Destroy Oil Paintings
CZAR'S PICTURE
IS MUTILATED
MAY MEET IN THIS CITY.— An effort is
being: made at St. Louis to secure for this
city the 1905 meeting of the National Butter
makers' Association. Calvin Brown, president
of the association, is urging this step. . lie in
tends . bringing - here Juliana De Kol, the
world's prize helf«r.
The general council of the Brother
hool held meetings to-day and to-night
met, at which the programme was ar
ranged. Reports of, the committees
and the general officers were received
and passed upon prior, to their presen
tation to the convention.
The preliminary •services will be
opened in Holy Trinity Church by
Bishop Tuttle and the business session
will be called in the afternoon in Hor
ticultural Hall.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28. — High
dignitaries and laymen of the Protest
ant Episcopal church from this and
other countries are in this city to at
tend the nineteenth annual convention
of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew,
which begins to-morrow. Nearly every
part of the civilized world is represent
ed among the 1500 delegates who will
answer the roll call. The convention
will be addressed by the most notable
array of Episcopalian clergymen ever
assembled ln this city, including tho
heads of the church In England and
America, Rev. Dr. Randall Thomas
Davidson, Archbishop of Canterbury,
and Rev, Dr. Samuel S. Tuttle. pre
siding Bishop of the American church.
Heading .the laymen participating in
the convention Is James L. Houghtal-
Ing of Chicago, founder of the Brother
hood. '
Clericals and Laymen Attend Nine
teenth Annual Convention of
Brotherhood ( of St Andrew.
HIGH DIGNITARIES OP
CHIJRCH IN PHILADELPHIA
I have seen. Mr. Donnelly. He of course re
ceived no such letter as that referred to ln
the morning papers, and expressed his desire
to find the person who first printed It as- a*
genuine letter, and wishes to do anything
In his power to counteract its extended effects.
S H. BETHEA. United States Attorney.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Secretary
Loeb to-night made public a dispatch
from United States District Attorney
Bethea at Chicago, regarding the letter
purporting to have been addressed by
President Roosevelt to Michael Donnel
ly of Chicago, president of the Butch
ers' and Meatcutters' Union, and, se
verely arraigning labor unions. The
dispatch says that Donnelly, received
no such letter. The telegram follows:
CHICAGO. September 28, 1004.
We had no tholght, of course, of being able
to make even a presentable Imitation of the
President's literary style, and as the article
was at the time commented upon and repro
duced somewhat extensively ln the press, we
never dreamed of its ever coming to figure aa
a "campaign forgery."
The Evening Post also says:
The letter appeared as an editorial in the
Evening Post of August 1 and was explicitly
stated to be a letter which the President
"MIGHT have written" with advantage to
himself and the country.
In other words, it was confessedly an imag
inary Jetter. written for the eake of bringing
out certain truths in regard to the meat strike.
NEW YORK, Sept 28.— The letter al
leged to have been received by Mich
ael J. Donnelly,' the leader of the meat
strike, purporting to be one sent by
President was copied from
an editorial in the New York Evening
Post of August 1. The Evening Post
says to-day:
Statements Bearing Presi
dent's Signature Taken
From Newspaper Editorial
LETTER TRACED
TO ITS ORIGIN
On comoiaint of W. H. Fllmore, a
miner of Santa v Barbara County,
Sophie Hastings Was arrested ' last
night by Policeman Nelson. The
woman was- charged- with' grand lar
ceny. Fllmore alleges that on last
Sunday y the* woman robbed, him of a
gold watch and J 80.
Says Woman , Robbed Him.
BILLINGS, Mont, Sept 28. — An
other "of the Bllllngrs Jail breakers,'
Louis Perolaz, , wanted for robbery,
was captured near Junction to-day,
and in company with Frank Day and
Frank La Pont brought back to this
city this afternoon. Of the ten pris
oners who broke jail seven have been
recaptured.
Another Jail Breaker Caught.
"There is no man living who is more
In favor of marriage and of the home
and family than I am. I approve of
marriage under proper circumstances,
in the army and out But I believe of
ficers of the army should be required
to give of their best to the service of
their country and that they should not
be permitted to incumber their lives
with responsibilities which prevent
their attainment of this excellence of
"service.
"Sentiment is a very pretty thing,
but once in a while it is necessary to
consider facts. Facts, when they ob
trude themselves on the married state
and threaten its happiness, are very
stubborn things."
Corbin will leave on Saturday for San
Francisco on his way to the Philip
pines.
WASHINGTON, Sept 28. — Major
General Corbin keenly resents the crit
icism of his" views on marriage in the
army. Especially does he dislike to be
ridiculed by the press. He is not at all
popular in army circles, where he is
considered a martinet and altogether a
pompous and arrogant officer. Newspa
pers all over the country have had
critical and sarcastic references to the
fact that General Corbin was himself
recently married, after months of ard
uous courtship, to a very wealthy
Washington lady, formerly of San
Francisco. General Corbin said to
day: ' - •
"I have seen the quantity of senti
mental rot in the newspapers that was
intended as answers to things I was
supposed to have said. The alleged
quotations from my order and my con
versation did suffice in truth to make
me appear ridiculous. If the papers
would confine themselves to a discus
sion of what 1 have actually said I
would have no complaint to make. . I
am quite sure I am right and perfectly
content to face the issue.
General Denounces as "Sentimental
Rot" the Criticisms of His
Attitude.
CORBIN REITERATES HIS
VIEWS ON MARRIAGE
Under orders of the Navy Depart
ment Commander C. P. Perkins is sent
to command the Pertfcacola naval
training station^ San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Sept 28. — Captain
James A. Logan is ordered by the War
Df-partment on his arrival at San
Francisco from the Philippines to pro
ceed to New York for duty as assistant
to Major David L. Brainard, purchas
ing commissary- Captain George W.
liuthe, assistant to the chief of the
commissary department of California,
will, uj>on the return of Major Frank
F. Eastman from his leave of absence,
proceed to New Orleans and relieve
Captain Bertram T. Clayton, quarter
master, of his duty as purchasing com
missary. Sergeant Patrick Darby,
Hospital Corps. Fort Andrews, Miss.,
nil! be sent to the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, to be sent thence to the Philip-
I 'ir.es on the transport sailing: No
vember 1. Private John H. May, Thir
ty-third Company, Coast Artillery, now
fit Fort Douglas, Utah, will be sent
to the station of his company, Fort Co
lumbia, Wash.
Army and Navy Orders.
MADISON, Wis., Sept 28.— No deci
sion was handed down by the Su
preme Court to-day in the La Follette
case. It . is uncertain whether it will
come this week, but the Indications are
generally considered as being against it.
Judge Cassoday is still unable to take
his seat on the bench, and Judge Win
slow presided.
Indications Against a Decision This
Week by Supreme Court.
THE LA FOLLETTE CASE.
ROME, Sept 28. — A keen watch is
being kept by the Vaticon upon the
United States Presidential campaign.
The authorities would like to see the
success of Mr. Roosevelt, whose rela
tions with the Vatican, especially at
Manila, invariably have been regarded
as straightforward and considerate.
The Pope himself is strictly neutral as
regards the election and has even di
rected the new papal delegate not to
go to America before the conclusion
of the contest
Vatican Is Keenly Interested hi the
American Election." 1
HOPES ROOSEVELT WILI; WIN.
Because of his persistent opposition
to Judge Parker's candidacy, his
light against Tammany and his re
peated attacks upon Mayor* McClellan
it had been decided by Tammany not
to l<-t Hearst have the nomination.
Others had been thought of, but no
decision had been reached as to his
successor. .Hearst, it was understood,
was willing to accept a nomination for
a second term and will acquiesce in
Tammany's plan to make him the
nominee.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — William R.
Hearst will be nominated to succeed
himself as representative from the
Kleventh District. Judge Parker was
instrumental in suppressing the oppo
sition which had arisen to the candi
dacy of Hearst and getting Tammany
to consent to the nomination of his
rno^t active opopnent for the Presi
dential nomination.
man Will Be Rcnominated.
PARKER BEFRIENDS HEARST.
Through His Intercession Congress-
REDDING, Sept. 28. — The total
registration in Shasta County as
shown by the County Clerk's records
to-night was but 2860, a little more
than half the registration in 1902.
The county is much more thickly pop
ulated now than then. The slight reg
istration seems to be the result of
lack of interest.
Voters Fail to Register.
NAPA, Sept. 28. — Registration for
the coming election closed in the
County Clerk's office in Napa to-night
The total number of registrations re
corded was 4604, which is the largest
number of voters ever registered for
an election in Napa County.
Increase in Registration.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept 28. — Congress
man J. C. Needham, S. II. Rambo,
candidate for the Senate, George
Cleveland, nominee for the Assembly,
and Jacob Hartman. a candidate for
Supervisor of San Lorenzo Township,
addressed a large gathering to-night
at Boulder creek.
Candidates at Boulder Creek.
REDDING, Sept. 28. — The Demo
crats of Trinity County met in con
vention here to-day. H. R. Given was
chairman of the convention. H. L.
Lowdon was nominated for Supervis
or in the Second District and George
E. Corydon in the Fifth. A deadlock
resulted in the Third District
Trinity Democrats Convene.
REPUBLICANS BEGIN BATTLE.
Alameda County Campaigners Are
Ready to Enter the Field.
The Republican campaign in Ala
meda County will be opened Saturday
night with a big mass-meeting at the
Dewey Theater, Twelfth street, near
Webster. In the list of speakers will
be all the legislative nominees from
this section of Alameda County, in
cluding Senator G. R. Lukens, Philip
M. Walsh, John A. Bliss, J. J. Burke
and R. H. E. Espey.
The Republican nominee for Con
gress from. the Third District, Joseph
R. Knowland of J Alameda. will de
liver an address. Representing the
State Central Committee will be Frank
H. Short of Fresno, who will speak on
the national situation. John. Mitchell
and B; d. Rowe. Republican candi
dates for re-election as Supervisors,
will also be heard.
John A. Britton has been elected
as chairman of the meeting, which
will be held under direction of the
Republican County Central Commit
tee. The committee chairman. Clar
ence Crowell, will call the meeting to
order.
AN UNFAIR TRICK.
The Republican mass meeting at Me
chanics' Pavilion next Monday night
will be one of the greatest political
demonstrations of the campaign. Hen.
Charles W. Fairbanks >of Indiana, the
Republican candidate for Vice Presi
dent/ and Senator Dolliver of Iowa, one
ofvfhe ablest and most eloquent of the
country's famous speakers, will talk to
the vast audience. The State commit
tee will endeavor to reserve one section
of the pavilion for ladies and their es
corts, but the places cannot be held in
reserve later than 8 p. m. Senator
George C. Perkins, who has been
chosen to preside, will open the meet
ing at 8 o'clock. There will be music'
by the band and songs by a quartet of
male voices. - \ .
Hints come from Butte Cbunfcr that
the Democratic politicians areBaying
the wires to transform the. irrigation
celebration at Gridley,, which' ought to
be a purely non-partisan and I indus
trial, demonstration, into a side show
for the display of Theodore Bell and
other Democratic aspirants for public
office. Bell's itinerary. as given by the
Democratic State Central Committee
contains this significant entry: "Satur
day, Oct. 1, Gridley, morning (Irrigation
celebration)." It is said that other
well known opponents of the Republi
can national administration have been
invited to make themselves conspicur
ous on that occasion. There are no in
dications that the Republicans have
any notion of keeping out of sight at
Gridley on October 1. In fact, intelli
gence comes from that region of Cali
fornia that Republican citizens will be
there in force and see to it that a
great industrial enterprise for the de
velopment of the State shall not be
converted into a Bourbon barbecue.
BOURBOXS ARE PERPLEXED.
The situation in'the Democratic camp
at Santa Cruz is attracting the interest
of the Bourbons around the headquar
ters of the Democratic Stata Central
Committee in this city, if has been
announced that Ed White, brother of
the late .Stephen M. White, is being
urged to accept the nomination of the
Senatorial District Convention when it
meets. He has not consented to be
come a candidate.
It has been stated that in the event
that White decides to run he must
withdraw from the electoral ticket, but
those best informed say this is not a
fact. They point out that in 1880 R. F.
Del Valle was elected to the Senate
from Los Angeles County and at the
same time ran on the Democratic elec
toral ticket. There is nothing in the
law to prevent White from running on
both tickets, but, even with this ques
tion eliminated, it is said the Demo
crats will have some trouble ln getting
him to accept the nomination. The
reason is that his party in his district
is split by factions that refuse to com
promise, notwithstanding the approach
of the campaign.
The Democratic municipal convention
will meet next * Monday-; evening and
proceed to the nomination of Judicial
and Legislative tickets.
At the next meeting of the Iroquois
Club, which will be to-morrow evening
at the new hall of the organization, 121
Eddy street, the members will discuss
the proposed constitutional amend
ment creating an Appellate Court.
Daughter of San Diego Judge Wedded
to Joseph Siiuiot of Phila
delphia.
*SAN DIEGO, Sept 28.— Miss Mary
Luce, daughter/ of Judge and Mrs. M.
A. Luce, and .one of the most popu
lar society belles of San Diego, was
united in marriage this evening to John
Sinnot of Philadelphia. The ceremony
was performed by Father Fitzgerald
of Redlands. The groom is a son of
Joseph Sinnot, the wealthy Philadel
phia banker and manufacturer.
FAIR CALIFORXIAX IS WOX
BY EASTERN BANKER'S SON
HOLD A FINAI/ RALLY.
Registration Meeting Brings Out Many
Voters, Who -Swell Records.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28. — The final of
a series of three Republican rallies to
induce registration among- the voters
drew a big crowd to Odd Fellows*
Hall this evening. Deputy County
Clerks were on hand and enough new
names were secured to increase the
registration of Berkeley to something
more than 2800, the largest in the
history of the town. John M. Foy,
secretary of the Harbor Commission,
presided at the entertainment for the
voters. Addresses were heard from
State Senator G. Russ Lukens. Super
visor H. D. Rowe, Assemblyman W.
H. Waste and County Clerk Cook.
There were songs by the Berkeley
quartet and Milton Schwartz and
music by a band.
Oakland After Convention.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28. — The Oakland
Board of Trade is making an effort to
aid the local union of the Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners of America
in securing the next convention of the
brotherhood for this city. The follow
ing dispatch was sent to-day to G.
Toyne of Haywards, who is attending
the convention at Milwaukee:
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28, 1904.
G. Toyiw Esq.. care of St. Charles Hotel,
Milwaukee, Wls. — Citizens of Oakland, through
Oakland Board of Trade, lnvlto convention to
meet in this city ln 1006.
H. C. CAPWELJU President.
EDWIN STEARNS, Secretary.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— Rev. H. C. Meredith,
for four years pastor of the Methodist Episco
pal Church ln this city, has resigned. The
resignation will take effect Immediately. Mr.
Meredith will devote his time to missionary
work among the California Indians. " ..iv
It is estimated by the Registrar that
from 70,000 to 72,000 votes will cast in
this city next November. In 1900 73,633
names were on the great register. At
the Presidential election that year
65,000 ballots were cast. Basing his
calculations on these figures, the Reg
istrar holds that atjeast 70,000 votes
should be cast at the coming election,
the registration this year being 10.9
per cent greater than that of four
years ago.
Though registration closed last night,
certificates of removal may be obtained
from the Registrar up to midnight of
October 13.
Eighty-two thousand three hundred
and eighty-six names are on the great
register of the city and county of San
Francisco. Registration closed at mid
night last night after one of the busiest
days in the history of the office. More
than 4000 made known their intention
to vote at the coming election. The
work of handling this number was a
task of unusual magnitude and the of
fices of the Registrar proved too small
for the carrying on of the work. As a
result, the Registrar's storeroom was
cleared and twenty-five clerks installed
at improvised desks. These arrange
ments completed, the big task of regis
tering more than 4000 voters was ac
complished.
HELENA, Mont. Sept 28.— In his
principal speech here to-night Senator
Fairbanks discussed at some length the
charges of corruption made against the
Republican party, extending and mak
ing more specific his remarks at Great
Falls. He refrained carefully from
mention of Judge Parker's name, but
it was understood by all that the
speech was inspired by the utterances
of the Democratic candidate oh this
subject in his letter of acceptance.
Speaking c-f the part played by Presi
dent Roosevelt in the prosecution of
the Postoffice I>epartment scandals,
Fairbanks said:
He has enforced the , law. He has driven
corruption oat of public place. We know that
ln private experience ln every community there
are evil doers, but they are comparatively few.
The one who will betray public trust ,is the
exception. He Insinuates himself into private
employment, into corporate employment, into
the DUblic employment. Theodore Roosevelt
knew that and he determined that, so fas as
lay within his power, the betrayer of the gen
eral interest should be whipped out of place
and i>ower. He set to work a corps of in
spectors ln the rreat a'ostofflo* Department,
one of the greatest pieces of official mechanism
in the world. Thousands are employed in It —
yes. tens of thousands. Is It at all to be
wondered at that now and then among this
vast army tUere should be one who should
for«et his duty to his Government and go
wrong? It i* not to be wond-sred at. The
President undertook to find out whether &ome
one was betraying his trust and he made dis
coveries — not many, but a few, comparatively.
Who were the offenders? Some Republicans,
some .Democrats. What did he' do? Did he
undertake to conceal the result of the Investi
gation from the knowledge of men? No. He
brought the evil doers to the bar of Justice.
The Department of Justice prosecuted them,
and in many cases the guilty are. wearing the
stripes of their guilt.
Those who talk of corruption In the admin
istration must bear In mind, if they be Just,
that there 13 no man living with a higher
Idea of civic duty, with a more exalted ideal
of official responsibility than Theodore Roose
velt. President, of the Cinited States. He has
no sympathy with wrong doers, because he is
a right doer himself. Clean himself, he wish*s
all men in public service to be likewise clean.
The continuance of President Roosevelt's ad
ministration means si continuance of a rigid,
searching scrutiny of all the offices of the
Government and the certain condemnation and
punishment of evil doers, no matter how low
or how exalted they be.
This outline of the President's course
was received with general applause.
Fairbanks also discussed the tariff
question and the subject of irrigation,
again giving the President and Sen
ator Carter credit for much that has
been done toward extending Govern
ment aid in the reclamation of the arid
lands. There were two meetings to
night, one being held at the Auditorium
and the other at the Helena Theater.
Senators Fairbanks and Dolliver spoke
at both meetings. Fairbanks opening
at the Auditorium and closing at the
theater, while DolHver reversed this or
der.
The meetings were attended by full
houses and they were preceded by a
brilliant street demonstration.
Congressman McLachlan was the
principal speaker at the meeting to
night. He discussed national issues
in a. masterly manner and presented
the magnificent record of the Republi
can party in a clear and concise style
that won hearty applause.
McKinlay was slightly indisposed,
but he spoke for over half an . hour.
He has always been a favorite in
Colusa and his reception was spontane
ous and sincere. His remarks received
the closest attention.
COLUSA, Sept. 28.— The Republican
campaign in Colusa was opened here
to-night before an audience that test
ed the capacity of the opera-house.
The speakers were: D. E. McKinlay,
the nominee for Congress in the Sec
ond District, and Congressman James
McLachlan. The position of the latter
upon the House Rivers and Harbors
Committee made his visit here of spe
cial to the people of this sec
tion, and he was interviewed by many
prominent residents in regard to the
river improvement. He was thorough
ly impressed with the importance of
the transportation conditions of this
section, and assured the people here
that this visit in conjunction with
McKinlay will bear fruit when he re
turns to Washington.
The way to keep the gold standard out of
danpt'r is to keep it ln the hands of those who
pot it out of dancer.
Even the changing of a single schedule- Is no
work for the prejudiced or Ignorant. For
Cher fchedules are related to it; and to all
these is adjusted the vast business of th«
£r<?ate*t of huelne** nations. Republican re
vision w any schedule means the thoughtful
consideration of every other schedule.
As to the trust Question, Senator
Beveridge said:
The organizations of Industry should
neither bt persecuted nor favored. They should
have Fimr'.e justice like everybody «ls«. All
men. all interests, protected or punished by law
according as they do right or wrong — this is
Republicanism la a sentence, Americanism' in
a j-hrase.
fc-« far as legislation ccn remedy the evils
of trusts, republican legislation — the Sherman
law. the rehate law, the department of Com
merce and I^abvr law — the only legislation ever
'naot'ii on the subject — will do It If enforced.
Ati" 4 . ITmf ifil'a election means enforcement oZ
t.'.r-sf Ir.wf and all laws.
Discussing at length the financial
question, Senator Bev;eridge said:
Men talk cf tariff revision as though It wm
• simple thing — an easy tatk. No problem Is
mow intricate. Whst Is the tariff? It Is not
en artiflcijil Ftructure to be taken apart and
put together like Hie trick box of a Juggler.
It Is the development of a theory of statesman
ship. It is a growth and not a creation. Those
who prepared the soil of this nation planted
ln that soil the seeds of the American indus
trial Independence which men call protection.
If here and there a branch now needs prun
ing, those who planted the tree and have
iruarded its growth i^iould do it, not those
who resisted its planting In the first place
end who for a hundred yearn have sought to
lay the i.x on its roots.
What !s this campaign about? What busi
&«*>» rcsn but wishes that no election were
necessary this year? The administration's
policies are successful at hcroe and abroad.
The test that the opposition's ablest man,
Grovcr Cleveland, can bay for It Is that It
"shows eigns of returcir-g sanity." Yet this
political convalescent demands control of the
(government, declaring that it could not now
undo much that the Republican party has
done If it would, and would not undo much
ihat the Republican party ha« done if It could.
The flrrt result ot Parker's election would
be a tariff agitation without result, since Mr.
Parker himself tells us that a Republican Sen
ate would prevent legislation. Such agitation
¦pells but-ineas uncertainty, and uncertainty
ppelis business disaster.
Even If the opposition controlled House,
Pfcate acd President they themselves could
not tjtil what kind of tariff law they would
l*ts. For some of them, like Mr. Bryan, are
free-traders; some, like Mr. Gorman, are pro
tectionists. Thlsk of an engineer trying to
run fci« engine backward and forward at the
lame time. What vouiu happen to that en
ftlr.e 1» whst would happen to the country
with the opposition in power.
c 1NDIAICAPOL.IS, Ind.. Sept. 2S.— The
first Rtpubliean meeting of the cam
paign in Indianapolis was held to
night in Tomlinson Hall. An illumin
ated procession escorted Senator Al
bert J. Beveridge and Congressman
Overstreet to the hall, which was well
tilled.
Congressman Overstreet presided and
in a brief address introduced Senator
Beveridge, who spoke in part as fol
lows:
Fairbanks Rally at
the Mechanics-
Pavilion.
Eloquent Senator
Talks Straight to
the Point. ¦
'Heavy Increase in
City's Voting
Strength.
Fairbanks Replies
to Letter of
Parker.
Colusa Gives Warm
Greeting to Re
publicans.
BEVERIDGE ADVISES INDIANA VOTERS TO "LET WELL ENOUGH ALONE."
EIGHTY-TWO THOUSAND PERSONS REGISTER IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904.
5
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S^\C *^v. Steamers !»av» Broadway
/Cv-'^^StfV ' w harv €s <Plers 8 and 11>.
/o-^ Ean Francisco:
/Q/yfcJ %> \U\ For Ketchlkan. Wranjjel.
I I \C*r3 I I Jun-au, Hain^g, Skagway.
I V W&StfiA / / etc • Alaska— 11 a. m., Sept.
\<\ umi/rtl 12 - *"• --• %*' October 2.
V*£O» yCT Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
NJEi'v^ for Victoria, Vancorrver.
Port Towoiend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. Bellinsham— U a. m.. S?pt. 12. 17.
tSJ !i7. October 2. Chanze at Seattle to this
corapar.y's~ steamers for Alaska ar.i G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma to M. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbotdt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Sect. I". 10. 25. October 1; Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 16, 22. 28. October 4.
For Lea Angeles (via Port Los Angelea an<t
Redonrto). San Dieeo and Santa liarbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San P*dm), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 0 a. m . S«3t. 12. 20. 2S, October 9.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. S. 16. 24. October 2.
For Enstnada. &!a#dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz,. Santa Ro-
salia. Gufcymaa (Mex.>. 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — * New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St., and Broad,
way wharves. FTeiffbt Offleo 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANS, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Th« Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call tor and check fcass-ase from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN I.rWE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg 1 — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday. 0:30 a. m.
Philadelphia.... Oct. S|Xew York Oct. 22
Germanic Oct. 15' St. Paul Oct. 29
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT USE.
New Yorfe — Xtoadoi-v Direct.
Mnneapls,Oct.8.4:«<> pmlMnnetonka.Oct.22,4 pm
Marquette.Oct.15. 9 amIMesaba. Oct. 29, 0 am
DOMINION UNE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passagr*.
Canada Oct. SIKenslngton Oct. 22
Southwark Oct. lSlPominion Oct. 2S>
BED STAS LINE.
New Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calllnsr at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 1030 a. m. •
Zeeland Oct. SIVaderland Oct. 23
Finland Oct. 15! Kroonland. .....Oct. 29
WHITE STAB LINE.
New Tork — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing: Wednesdays. *
Majestic, Oct. 12. 10 am! Arabic. Oct. 21. 8 pn
Cedrtc Oct. 14. 9 am Teutonic Oct-M, 10 am
Oceanic. Oct. 19. 2 pm' Celtic. Oct. 29. 7 am
Botton — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric. .Q Oct. 13. Nor. It
NEW SEXVZCS FROM BOSTON.
Fait Twin-Screw Steamers ' »
Of 11,400 to 15,000 Tons.
NEW TOBX AND BOSTON DXBECS
To- the Mediterranean.
Tia A«or.^ Ortr^r.^ag^ O««U
FROM BOSTON
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Nov. 19, Jan. T. Febw IS
ROMANIC... Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 2S. Mar. U
C D TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Padflo Coast,
21 Post at.. San Francisco.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COl)
Steamers will leav» Padflo Mall wharf, eol*
n#r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. tn.. Um
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (HioEo), Naxasakt and Shanghai ami
connecting at Hongkong with iteamera for
India, etc No cargo received on board on daj;
? ""AMERICA MAR.TT
.- Wednesday, October 19. HO*
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passaga apply at Cotn-
nany's office. 4ZI Market street, corner First.
V^ y W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanieSsS.ee. ™« «"ws
a H~~SONOMA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Sept. 29, 3 p.m.
R 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 8. 11 a-m.
8bI MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 2fc 11a.m.
IJ.SPBECIELS&B101 CO., AStl.TlrtSt 02(3543 Mir-
tsi rmznt Offlcg 329 Mar&t St. Pig 7. Pasflg sl
COMTASHIS 6X5XXALE TSAN3ATL1.HTIQHS,
DIRECT LIND TO HAVRE-PARIS
Bailing every Thursday Instead o£ fttftgft
iTturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »*»
North River, foot of Morton st.
Ftr»t class to Havre. $70 and upward. Beo-
1 TGENc1'^R^'T^I> n i?AT^3 0 A^O
rANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New Tork J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Arents 5 "Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all RallroadTlcket Agents.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AHD YALLEJO
STEAMER IlT CORCORAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay st.. N end of Ferry bldr.
aZy\v 9-30 a. m.. 3 and *S p. ra. Sundays.
»^2O a m . 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 6:50
, -, *12-2O and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p.m.
FareSSc." P. A. O. Co. * Phone Main Ml.
•Saturdays ercepted. ¦
To IT. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmrs-General Frlsble.Monticello and Arrow,
f45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8^30 p. m. Leavo*V*U-j.>
7 9 a. re.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. 3un.); Sun.
d'ayi. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2, foot Mis-
tion ctrest; sboae Mala 1303. HATCH BSQi.
-' " _ r .'..'.. ' 55SE5SS^S5JS^-^>-^s^v^
._¦ - , ¦ . ..,..-
SMITHS WILTON VELVETS
ROYAL WILTON VELVETS
Reduced from*222to*142
We have decided to place on sale until further notice
a splendid assortment of Alex. Smith 6c Sons' extra
quality^Vilton Velvet Carpets, also Royal Wilton Velvet
Carpets, at $1.40 a yard— sewed, lined 'and laid. Our
former price for these Carpets was $2.00. We place
before you thefinest Carpet stock on the Pacific Coast
to choosefrom. This exceptional offer will especially
appeal to furnishers who appreciate style and quality.
Intending purchasers are cordially invited to inspect the' quality and assortment
MMM SLOANk & CO.
-FURNITURE- CARPETS - RUGS ,f t>RAPERIE5-
11 A 1 1 2 2 P O S T S TR.E E, T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I PARKER and I
$ I flB&llftHfll UIIU p,
. s
g • . g
j Democratic I
I Mass Meeting S
I ALHAMBRA THEATER j
1 Saturday Evening, October 1 1
8 1
g U. S. SENATOR FRANCIS g
g G. NEWLANDS of Nevada 1 1
<? Will Address the Democracy. 8
# • ¦ Q
?> HON. JOSEPH S. TOBIN £
$ Will Preside. g"
$ <5
g By order Democratic State g
£ Central Committee. g
g T. SPELLACY, Chairman. %
§ THOS. J. WALSH, Secretary, g
U awuv,^vwwv PRAGERS
I There Will Be I
I "Something Doing" 1
| At Pt*<8 C5*£&f*C «
I , Don't Miss It. 1
I Great Money-Saving Sale in Our 1
I Big Domestic Department |
Kg (Main Floor). §9
ffl Now is the time to make your purchases in the various lines of £1
g domestics. Prices are reduced further than ever.
1 Comforters. Wool Eiderdown. I
El p«*\ —The price of the material -\ Q^ a yard— We will close this ||
I 50C alone Is worth more than 1VC «g£ irEIdfrd^^TSiS I
Ej this greatly reduced price. very low price. It is 27 inches wide £3
H The quantity is very limited. and comes.in pretty shades of red. M
>M gray and cream. Value is 30c, u]
H Ap — Silkoline Comforters with Packmara H
I 95c p-« -Mte couon „¦„„= -.^Ti; , ra , I
gj can be had at this price. I *%Q bargain In cream cashmere. M
§§f There are heavier grades at $1.25 40 in. wide. It is washable h
ra t o J2.50. an< * ma^ e3 neat dresses, waists, etc. fig
1 Blankets ! French Organdies. |
m DlOIlJ&eia* 1.5,- a yard— A fine prade of real If
H «T *> £. C — Our heavy all-wool *| jC French Organdies that are j«3
H Tfc \ TVS ni, n v.» «» . «.»^. ?!..» used so much for dresses, fj
g »P«7»Uh/ Blanket of a grade that They come ln pretty shades or red> g
m will wear unusually light blue, nile green, pink and £2
JH well. It has been selling at J5.00. black. They are well worth 73o yard. M
8 JS4.9!> for a regular $6.50 Blanket. TdHliS Flannel. U
fl S«:4."> for a regular $9.00 Blanket. _ a yard _ Thi3 la a reffU # lar 1Oc £
n 45c for Blankets for three-quarter /f* grade of Tennis Flannel, but 1
EJ beds comes in pink and blue E
§ Blankets for double beds at 69c. ?S^pSt?™. T to 1
fi 90c. $1.25 and 81.75. tion from. > |
1 I| ALWAYS RELIABLE . ||
I M 1238- 1250 MARKET Sljfe U
ta,^ffj.:^gKy;ifflaAHi^flKjiBi: friTliiflftif ¦*tf^ J '' ; * t " ¦wvSvinacs-frsa ft^-.-gv^rvkAiPt* gffir'TPrTChjffiSfl• 2:11 class, pace, purse, ' $1500, three In five —
Belle Mac won three straight " heats In, 2:07%,
2:05%, 2:07%. Sweet Day, Tulle Saale> Miss
Georgia. Byrl Wllkes, Lady. Bell Brooke, Bud
Posey and Baron B - also started.
CINCINNATI,' O... Sept. 28.— Grand Circuit
harness results at Oakley. Park: '.:.
Kins Direct Wins in Fast. Time.
Errors — Doyle. Fitzgerald, Delehanty (3).
Struck out— By -Fitzgerald 4, by Shields 5, by
Williams 4. Bases on balls — By. Fitzgerald 0,
by Shields 2, - by •¦ Williams 1. Wild pitch—
Fitzgerald. Hit by pitcher — By Fitzgerald
Two-base hits — Eagan, McLaughlin, Doyle
Hall. Shields. Delehanty, Williams. Three
base hits — Lynch. Frisk. Sacrifice hits— Smith,
Murphy. Shields. First base on errors — Ta
ccma 2. Stolen bases — Leahy, Hall, Mohler.
Earned runs — Tacoma 2, Seattle C. Left on
bases — Tacoma 8, 8-atfle 11. . Double plays —
Casey to Eagan to Nordyke, Hall to Mohler to
Murphv. Hits — Off Shields 5. oft Williams 1,
off FUzpcrald 13. Innlnps pitched — By Shields
6. by Williams 3, by Fitzgerald 9. Time of
fame — Two. hours. Umpire — Tom Brown.
Seattle 3 0 01 0 0 4 0 1 — o
Base hits 20220041 2 — 13
. SUMMARY. :
This is the last day Al Hereford's
$1000 forfeit will remain up to bind
a match between Gans and Britt for
the lightweight championship at 133
pounds, ringside. Hereford has no
reason to believe Britt will consider
the match, although he placed him
self on record as being desirous of
such a meeting at a recent gathering
in Woodward's Pavilion. Failing to
get Britt for Gans, Hereford Is .will
ing* to let the money go as a forfeit
and ultimately as a side bet for Kid
Sullivan to box Britt at any weight
from 128 to 133 pounds,- ringside. He
says it was for this reason he brought
Sullivan to the coast.
a : : — j.
Gans' Forfeit Is Still Pasted.
Says Constables Beat Him.
Barney Burns, a carriage washer,
who has been employed in Frultvale,
is held for observation at the Central
Emergency Hospital, the surgeons
suspecting that his skull is fractured.
Burns tells a strange story of an en
counter with two constables in Fruit
vale, who accused him of stealing a
dog and beat him unmercifully when
he declared that he had raised the
dog. He says the officers struck him
over the head several times .with
clubs, .and .that his mind was a blank
from that' time till he found himself
wandering aimlessly In San Leandro.
He sought his friends in this city and
they sent him to the hospital.
TACOMA, Sept 28. — The Siwashes
appeared for the first time to-day un
der Rues Hall's management and they
defeated the Tigers with ease. • Fitz
gerald had no control and was batted
at wilL He gave nine bases -on balls,
hit a batsman and made a wild pitch.
In the first inning Van Haltren took a
pass, Mohler singled. Smith sacrificed
and Fitzgerald's wild throw to third
let Van score. Frisk was passed, but
was forced by Delehanty. Leahy's
single brought in two runs. In the
fourth doubles by Hall and Shields
scored one. Four runs came in on
singles by Smith and Hall, Delehanty's
two-bagger and Frisk's triple, a base
on balls and a sacrifice. Williams' two
bagger and Van Haltren's single scored
I the- last run. Tacoma was shut out
until Lynch hit for three sacks and
Eagan and Crsey sinsled. scoring two.
The last run was made on Delehaniy's
two errors and Doyle's double. Shields
pitched well, but strained his arm and
Williams finished the game. Leahy
played well in his first game for Seat
tle. Score:
(Seattle — . I Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R H P A
Van II.cf 4 112 0 Doyle, rf. 5-0-1 2 0
Mohlr,2b 4 112 CiShehn.rib 5 0 0 0 2
Smlth.rf 4 2 10 0 Nordy.lb 3 0 0 9 1
Frlsk.lf. 4 13 1 0iEaean.es 3 12 3 4
Deler..Sb 4 111 SL.ynch.cf 4 11 3 0
L*ahy.c. 2 12 0 0 Casey,2b. 4 0 12 4
Mrphy.lb 4 0 0 12 O McL«n.lf 4 1 1 2 O
Hall.ss.. 4 .1 2 0 3 3raham,c 3 0 0 5 3
£hields.p 3 0 10 llFitzgld.p 4 0 0 0 0
\VIllm8.p 1110 21
i Totals 35 3 C»26 14
Total* S4 0 13 27 14! ,
•Sirlth cut for interference
KUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ....... ..0 0 0 0 0 200 1 3
Base hits 0 0 0 11 3 0 0 1-6,
RCSS HALL "A GOOD LEADER.
Knocks Him Down hi the First Round
With a Right Swine to
the Jaw.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— The
Hughey McGovern-Murphy fight here
to-night resulted in a six-round draw.
. There was only one knockdown
during the entire contest and that was
at the beginning of the first round,
when Tommy Murphy went down
from a right swing to the jaw. He
was up in a moment; however, and
returned the blow with another which
opened a cut over If cGovern's eye.
Murphy was the aggressor at the
start, but McGovern did not seek to
avoid him at any time.- The exchange
of blows was rapid and severe all the
time the men were on their feet. At
the end of the bout both showed signs
of weariness and distress, but neither
had at any time secured a decided ad
vantage. . ¦
"TERRIBLE TERRY'S" BROTHER
FIGHTS. DRAW WITH MTJRPHY
By the New York Mornins; Telegraph.
First race — Thomas entry (Dia
mond or Voladay), Czarnphine, Dia
mond Flush.
Second race — Pnlsus, Carbuncle, So
noma Belle.
Third race — Belle Dixon, Brush Up,
Gotoivin.
Fourth race— Mineola, Dolly Span
ker, Grenade.
Fifth race— James V, Emergency,
King Pepper. -{ '. ; ¦
Sixth race— Tom Lawson, Sir Shep,
Out of Reach.
' Condition of the track — Fast. •
GRAVESENH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First' race — Gladiator, Waddell,
Vildo.
Second race — Harry New, W.. J.
Deboe, Lampoon.
Third race — Biff Ben, Katie Powers,
LuraliRhter.
Fourth race — Allen Avon, Subtle,
Rowling: Bridge.
Fifth race— Excentral, Edward Hale,
Swiftwinffs. , , i • V
Sixth race^ — Tnm O'Shanter, Mur
esca, Optional.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — Prepara
tions are already being made by mem
bers of the New York Yacht Club for
the defense of the America's cup
against a possible fourth challenge
from Sir Thomas Llpton. Members of
the club think that a challenge may be
expected by any mall, and that as in
former years it will come from the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club. Sir Thomas
has not yet announced that he had
made the necessary arrangements with
a designer, but club members believe
that a challenge Is sure to come and
are only waiting to find out what con
ditions are named before g«lng active
ly to work to build the defender.
• It is the opinion among the mem
bers of the yacht club that when the
challenge comes it will ask for a race
under the same conditions that gov
erned the last one. According to the
deed of gift no race can be sailed later
than November 1 and ten months' no
tice must be given when the challenge
is made. A challenge received by De
cember 1 would make the date for the
first race October 1.
Members of the Xew York Yacht Club
Expect to Hear From. Sir
Thomas Soon.
GOTHAM YACHTS3IEX AWAIT
; TA CHALLENGE FROM LIPTON
ALAMEDA, Sept. 28. — In a rattling
practice football game played this
afternoon on the Clement-avenue field
between the Alameda High School
eleven and the Lake Merrltts neither
Bide scored. Features of the contest
were the ground gains of Brush and
Baker of the Alamedas, the bucking of
B«lchcr of the same team and the all
round work of Hinckley of the Mer
rltts. Nert Saturday the Alameda
eleven goes to Stockton to nj^et the
eleven representing the high school of
that city.
Neither Eleven Scores.
Errors — Holland, Rockenfleld 2, Runkle.
Earned runs — Oakland 4. Stolen bases—Gan
ley 2, Francks. Bases on balls — Off Schmidt
3. Struck out — By Thielman 3, by Schmidt- 7.
Two-base hits — Dcvereaux. Rockenfleld. Three
base hits — Dunleavy. Schlafley, Strelb. Left on
bases — Portland «j, Oakland 7. Hit by pitched
ball — By Schmidt 3. First base on errors —
Oakland 3. Double plays— Devereaux to Schlaf
ley to Streib. Franekn to 8tretb. Francks to
Streib. Time of game — One hour and forty
minutes. Umpire^ — McCarthy.
Portland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1
Base Hits 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 00—4
Oakland 0 0 4 0 1 0 0 0 0 6
Base Hits ....1040201 1 1 — 10
SUMMARY.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28. — Oakland se
cured two three-base hits, a two-base
hit and a single off Thielman in the
third inning of the game to-day. This
lead -was never threatened by the home
team, which found Schmdit for but
fcur scattered hits. Score:
Portland — . Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Dren.cf. 4 0 2 3 0 Ganly.rf 5 13 10
MeCrd.rf 3 0 0 2 llFrnks.BS. 4 0 14 3
Murah.lf. 4 0 0 8 0 Dunlvy.lf 4 112 0
Holld.lb 2 110 1 Echlfy,2b 4 2 2 2 4
Rknfd,2b 3 0 11 1 Krugr.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Rnkle.ss. 3 0 0 3 5 Streib.lb 4 119 0
Beck, 3b. 3 0 0 3 0 Dvrux,3b 4 0 2 0 2
Stanley.c 3 0 0 3 2,Byrnes,c 4 0 0 7 0
Thieln.p. 2 0 0 0 2 Schmdt.p 4 0 0 0 3
Totals.27 1 4 27 12 Totals. 37 5 10 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXGS.
COMMUTERS START IX EARLY.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-old fillies, f 10CO added — Sweet Pepper
111. Jennie McCabe 104. Belle Dixon 102,
Princess Eris 09, Rare Music 09, Brush Up 06,
Carrlo Jones 04. High Life 00, Gotowln 09.
Fourth race, the Ocean View handicap, one
xnd a sixteenth miles, $2500 added, thres
y«ar-olds — Dolly Spanker 112, Leonldas 10*,
Grenade 104. Mineola 102, Flarumula 102,
Ostrich, 90.
Fifth race, about elx furlongs, selling, two
year-olds and up. $1000 added — James V 110,
Orthodox 100. Fcxy Kane 106, Sedducee 103.
Mutiny 103. Topic 103. Emergency 104, Tol San
09, Mining Link OS, Old England 08, King
Pepper, 08.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up — Jason 110, Spring S11K 110,
Out of Reach 110, Ikkl 110. Clovis 110. Gan*e
voort 107. Sir Ship 107. Tom Lawson 107. LJltls
Johnson 107. All Right 107, Briery 107, Grants
dale 1C7. Mutiny 107, Waterford 107. Alsttr
107. Gypsy Ben 107.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — The Ocean
View handicap for three-year-olds,
with $2500 added, will be the feature
to-morrow at Gravesend. Dolly
Spanker and Leonidas have the top
weights. The day's entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, two
yar-olds, handicap, $1000 added — Dlamonfl
124, Czaraphlne 122. Flyback 119, Hot Shot
114, Vo'aday 111. Santa Catallna 108, Bulwark
lfHi. Sweet Pepper 104. Workman 103, Diamond
Flush 100. Bill Bailey II 02, Blue Coat 08, Jen
nie *McCabe 00, Priority S3, Alwln 100. (Vola
day and Flyback. Thomas entry.)
Second race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap, all ages, $1000 added — Colonial Girl 114,
Pulsus 112, Carbuncle 110, Sonoma Belle 98,
Hoodwink <H). '
GRAVESEXD ENTRIES.
First race — Tom Kiley, Bride, Ma
doc.
Second- race^ — Suave, Flora Levy,
Ivernia.
Tliiitl race — Gasconne. Ollle Bur
nett, Chancy.
Fourth race — Extol, Laura Hunter,
Behoove.
Fifth race— Check Morgan, Worth
inston, Dawson.
Sixth race — Algonquin, Loca, Triple
Silver.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
PKLMAR SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Worth track
follow:
First race five furlongs, purse — Lockout 105.
Vildo 105, Bishop Poole 108. The Warrior 108.
Waddell H 10S, Hopeless 110, Paul 113, Wild
Tiger 113. Arc Light 113, Gladiator 113, Brad
uarlin 115.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Annu 103,
Lampoon 103 Safeguard 103. Ml Reina 103,
Clausus 106. W. J. Deboo lOti, Idogo 108,
Carmellan 108. Harry New 111, Jove 111.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Peggy Mine S2. Allen Avon 82. Matador 85,
Clgarllghter 05. Nannla Hodge 101, Lurallghter
106 Coruscate IOC, Katl« Powers 106, Big
Ben 116.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap—Big Beach 00. Colonel Ruppert 03, Sins
Lee 95, Lochlnvar 102. Bowling Bridge 103.
Allen Avon 104, Subtle 10», Flaxman 110.
Fifth race one and one-eighth miles; sell-
Ing Malakoff 03. Edward Hale 05. Plautus 99.
Royal Pirate 100, O'Hagen 100. Benson Cald
well 100. Louisville 100, Easy Trada 100,
Swlftwlng 103. Trepan 105, Horton 103, The
Way 108, Excentral 03. *
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Optional
103, Tarn O'Shanter 103, Muresca 103. Allbert
105 Zyra 108, Jim Hale 108, Chamblee 11L
Barkelmore 111, Aden 116.
WORTH ENTRIES.
DEKVIAK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28. — The races at
Delmar to-morrow have attracted the
following entry:
Flnrt race, six furlongs, purse — Lady Bur
lington 00. L* Amanda 00, Catherine Knox 09,
Lady Stcne OS. Tom Klley 08. -Louise Connor
OS. Bride 03, Madoc 03. Sir Carter »3. Sweet
Note 03. Essayer 03. Blarney Girl 03.
Second race, thlrteen-slxteenths of a mile,
selling— Mint Bed 107. Ivernla 107, Rejoice 107.
Onanetta . 107. Sanctlsslrna 107. Vlneland 102.
Flora Lew 102. Tribes 102. Btrdle Stone 102,
Marchioness 102. Suave 102, KlnKstelle 102.
Thlni race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing — Shadow Prince 103. Gasconne 103. Jack
Moran- 103. Ollle ; Burnett. 103, Bavarian 05,
Chancy 05, Opinion 05.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse— Prfncs
Light 109, Extol ion, Inirolthrlft 108, Vestry
100. Bensonhurst 106. Laura .Hunter 100,. Be
hoove lOtt, Flora Wllloujthby 106.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Worthington 110. Miracle II 106, Feronla 105,
Caithness 100. Drummond 100. Dawson 100,
The Hebrew 105, Check Morgan 105.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse; — Glendon 107,
Prlcer 107, Kindred 107. Eliza Cook 104, Lady
Contrary 104, Eva's Darling 104, Loca 104. Dr.
Burns 99, Responsive OS, Algonquin OS, Triple
Silver OS.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up: ; *' . •;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Triple Sllver.95 (Dickaon) 2 3 6 1 4
4 to 1— Mildred L. 95 (Cheatam) 1 5 10 2 5
7 to 2— Howl Dervlsh.105 (Conwy) 4 2 1 3 1
Time, 1:53%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Burnett & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by
Gotham-Free Silver II. Potente 110, Frank
Rice 10S,.Lady Fonse 95, Caithness 105, fin
ished as named.
Time, 2:15 1 .4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. R. U Snow's ch. g. by Prince of
Darkness-Mongolia. Miracle II 103, Barca 08.
finished as named.
: FIFTH RACE— Mile and three-sixteenths;
four- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
K to 2— Burke Cockran.100 (Astn) 5 12 In
20 to 1 — Hucena, «5 (Cheatam).. 1 22 24
4 to 1 — St. Simonlan,105 (Young) 2 3 5 3 3
The first mid-week stake of the year
to be run at Union Coursing- Park was
decided yesterday before a good at
tendance. Frisco Lad landed the coin.
He performed in grand style, defeating
in the deciding course that fast young
futurity puppy Confident. The latter
was a surprise, and went down the line,
beating the veteran campaigners one
after the other.
The coursing was good, some excit
ing trials being run. Confident's per
formance was the notable event of th»
day. Many thought the youngster
would take the more experienced dog
into camp in the final, but Frisco Lad
shut his lively young opponent out
without a point. Following are the
day's results, with Judge P. J. Reilly's
official scores:
Special Midweek stake, first round — Trtsro
Lad beat Maid of the Glen. R-0: SeeretlT* beat
Harmit. 5-0; Fritter beat Royal Spirit. «J-2:
Flaunt beat Golden Fortune. 7-0; Fanniw
Hughle a bye. Paul Dunbar withdrawn; Ina
Clssus beat Haddlngton. 1.1-1: Jack Short beat
Vandal. 7-3; Wild Norah beat Rusty Anchor.
4-3; Story'* Sister beat Texas Betty. 4-2; Gold
en Garter beat Falsa Alarm. 6-4; Texas Hoo-
Hoo beat Rocklin Boy. 3-2: Jigamaroo beat
Rural Artist. 7-3; Aurelia beat Ruby Sankey.
23-4; Fearless Lad beat Free From Flaw.
0-7; Trevathan beat General Dewet. 4-2; Ml
Amlgo beat Frisky Boy. 10-0; Co*ette beat
Tellowtall. 3-2; Little Klamath beat Appl»
Blossom, 6-5; Butte City beat Tom Llpton.
«-l; Belfast beat The Delta. 7-0; Remisso
Animo beat Icellus. »-8; Sherman beat Ready
Address. 3-2; Conndent beat Emtn Bey. S-0;
Prometheus beat Lulu Girl. 5-0.
Second round— Frisco Lad beat Se»r«trve.
4-0; Flaunt beat Fretter. 2-1: Ina <"I»us beat
Fannie Hughle, 5-3; Jack Short beat Wild
jNorah, 4-3; Golden Garter beat Story's Sister.
3-0; Jlgamaroo beat Texan Hoo-Hoo. tf-O: Fear
less Lad a bye. Aurelia withdrawn: Trevathan
beat Ml Amigo. 4-3; Co.oette beat Little Klani
ath. 3-2; Belfast beat Butt* City, 3-2: R«mlsso
Animo beat Sherman. 4-0; Confident beat Pro
metheus, 6-0.
Third round— Frisco Lad beat Flaunt. 5-2;
Jack Short beat Ina Clsaus. 5-3; Golden Gar
ter beat Jlgamaroo. 3-2; Trevathan b«at Fear
less Lad. 0-4; Belfast beat Cosette. 0-0; Confi
dent beat Remisso Anlmo, 4-0.
Fourth round— Frisco Lad beat Jack Short.
4-2; Golden Garter beat Trevathan. 7-1: Con
fident beat Belfast. 5-3.
Fifth round— Frisco Lad beat Golden Garter.
8-0; Confident a bye.
Deciding course— S. A. Smith*s Frl»ro La4
•Crawford Lad-Iowa Girl) beat W T
?(£<> Kht '" Confldent (Fetter Free- Nightingale).
CLASS STAKE AT UNION* PARK.
Eight Clever Greyhounds Will Meet
in a Special Event.
An eight-dog class stake and a fif
ty-six reserve event will form the card
at Union Coursing Park on Sunday.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Class stake— Agi!l Spurt vs. TllUe R. Friend
less Boy vs. Charter Member. Gambit vst Po
mona, McVey vs. Frisky Barbara.
JZeserve stake— Eroln Bey vs. Rocked Asleep
La Rosa vs. Rural Artist, Sofala vs Sprtnc
Heels. Renegade Apache vs. Real Pasha. Paul
Dunbar vs. Rusty Anchor. Tom Hooker vs.
Ml Amigo. Frisco Lad vs. Valley Brew Con
roy vs. Apple Blossom, Hera vs. High Born
Eagle ts. S«cretive. Loretta vs. Gold Chain
Aeolus vs. Humboldt. Belle Marie vs. Hermit'
Adonis vs. Mickey Free, Roclclin Boy vs. Texas
Betty, Ina Clgaus vs. Fancy Free. J E H vs.
Angus Clssus, Flower Girl vs. May Conley'
Cubanola vs. Sampler. Wild Norah vs Royal
Spirit. Texas Blacklips vs. Honlton. Jlgumaroo
7 s - F^^P U TS 1 *.* H 2? Ho ° va - Fal3 « Alarm,
lone Hill v*. Carlow Boy. Fairy Belle vs. Fre«
From Flaw. Amandaa vs. War Cry Luxury
vs. Bright Fortune. Haphazard • vs. Rose of
Gold.
Tennis Club Directors Nominated.
The nominating committee of the
California Tennis Club, composed of
W. S. MacGavin, Charles G. Kuehn
and^ Chester J. Smith, met last nisht
and made up a ticket for the election
of directors, which will take place on
Saturday. Five of the present officers
have been renominated. while two have
been left off the regular ticket. The
directors are W. S. MacQavin, W. B.
Collier, Grant M. Smith. Frank Mitch
ell, Harry Halght and Dr. Noble. I>r.
Hill and C O. Kuehn have been sub
stituted for Collier and Haight on th«
ticket. No opposition ticket 1b ex
pected.
NSW YORK. Sept. 23. — Columbia. 23. Frm&i
lln and Marshall 0.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 28.— PenMytvwjU. «.
Swaxthmort 4.
ITHACA. Sept 28.— Ctanwl! 17. Colgate 0
PRINCETON^ Sept. 28.— PrtncVtoa Si Dick
ln«nn0.
NBW HAVKJT, Sept. 2*.— Tal* 22. W«*.
leyaa 0.
Eastern FootbalL
For a time the men who like to have
a little wager down on every prizefight
seemed to think Walcott and Gans
should be coupled in the betting for
their engagement to-morrow night at
Woodward's Pavilion. This was based
on previous performances. This feeling
is rapidly wearing away owing to the
glowing reports disinterested people are
bringing from the rival training camps.
The boxers are training as though
their lives depend on the outcome of
the contest. Referee Jack Welch will
prepare a statement to-day making
known his interpretation of the rules
and also the agreement entered into
by the boxers. -"';,
This Is expected to stimulate the bet
ting. A wager of $100 at even money
was recorded yesterday. Jack Collins,
who took the Walcott end. has $1000
more to place at the same price. Col
lins saw Gans work on Tuesday and
pronounced him a speed marvel.' He
went to Walcott's quarters yesterday
and what he saw made him change his
views entirely.
To show what an abnormal fighter
Walcott is Manager Pierce said yester
day he would be willing to match him
against Brjtt at 135 pounds or against
Jack Johnson, the colored heavyweight
champion, who- is dying to fight Jeff
ries — and probably would if he did.
BOXERS AKE MEASURED.
The boxers were measured yesterday
and the tape showed some marked dif
ferences in their build. Gans is four
and a half inches taller than Walcott,
while the latter has two and three
quarter inches greater reach. Walcott
Is much larger in the arms. Jeffries Is
the only fighter who has larger biceps
than the freak fighting man as shown
in the following list:
Jeffries, 16»£ inches; Walcott, 14; Jim
Corbett, 13%; Fltzsimmons, 13%; Jack
O'Brien. 12%; Kid Lavigne, 13; Willie
Fitzgerald, 12%; Terry McGovern, 13;
Frankie Neil, 12%; Young Corbett, 11%;
Eddie Hanlon, 12U, and Britt, 12. The
complete measurements of the colored
boxers follow:
Gans — Five feet 6 lnche* height; 136U pounds
in weight; 15 U Inches neck; 36 Inches cheat
(normal); 39 Inches chest (expanded); 29}j
inches walbt;'l»Va inches forearm; 11*13 Inches
biceps; 20 Inches thigh; 13 Inches calf; 62 !i
Inches reach. ' ¦ ¦».
Walcott— FivAeet 1% inches In height; 141
pounds in weight; lfi'-j inches neck; 37 Inches
chest (normal); 40 Inches chest (expanded);
30 inches waist; 12 Inches forearm; 14 Inches
biceps; 22 Inches thigh; 14 Inches calf; 65
Inches reach.
Walcott Is 32 years old and has been
fighting steadily for fourteen years.
Gans is 2S years old and has been be
fore the public for nine years.
WAL.COTT TRIES IX)W WEIGHT.
Walcott • tried to get down to 138
pounds yesterday without drying out.
He came off the road tired as the re
sult of his exertions. He recuperated
quickly and then put in a tremendous
afternoon in the gymnasium. It was
to be his last boxing before the fight
and he went at it with a will.
He was bubbling over with good
humor and seemed tireless. He first
took on Jim Hayward for three round3.
He shapes like Gans without the lat
ter's speed. It was fight from start to
finish, neither boxer asking any favors.
When it was over Hayward could
readily have posed as the slugged out
slugger.
Young McConnell, who weighs 163
pounds, also went three rounds. This
was also replete with slugging. The
spectators watched it breathlessly, al
most expecting a tragedy, although the
hands of the boxers were encased In
pillows of gloves. After it was all over
Walcott strutted about like a turkey
cock as though such work was a mere
incident of his training.
Gans believes In road work, his jaunt
yesterday taking him sixteen miles. He
did his last boxing during the after
noon. Kid Sullivan and Rudolph Gross
man each went eight rounds with him.
Two spectators also. put on the gloves
with the champion. One had enough In
two rounds, while three suffloed the
other.
The advance sale of seats, which is
being held at Greggalns' cafe, indicates
a large attendance. There will be two
preliminaries, the first brace of boxers
entering the ring promptly at 8 o'clock.
Somebody haa estimated that the
Lake Suoerlor Iron deposits will be ex
hausted In twenty-five years.
BOSTON. Sept. 2>s.— The crippled Pitt*burg
tp*m lo*t both games to-day. The fielding
»a* J<joee and the hitting far from clean in
U-th tames. The second game ira* called in
the middle of the frtveath inning en account of '
«Urkn»-s*. Attendance, 2400. Scores:
First game — B- H. E.
lik*ton 5 15
Plttsburg 3 • •¦
Batteries— PitUnger and Moran; Case and
'T^ndgame- VL U. ¦ E.
¦QbBtoa .?••••" 4 6 0
Hauburg 0 2 4
Batterle*— McNichols and Needham; Rob
rrtallle and Archer. I'mpirc — John*on.
1 I!ILADKLi'HIA. S*Tt- 28— Haha's good
Hlchlnr and she bunching of hits in the first
inning enabled Cincinnati to win a hard-fought
rasne to-4ar- Attendance, 800. Sere:
R- H. E
Cincinnati 4 7 2
Philadelphia 8 7 0
Batterif^— Hahn and Schlei: Futthoff and
Dooln. I'mi'ires— Moran and Emslle.
BROOKLYN. *?<?jjt- 2?. — St. Louis won again
to-day frura Bro-jklyn by a score of 7 to 3.
The "ocal* started off well, but after the
fourth inning the visitors had It all their
own way. Attendance. 500. Score:
et. *u*i« : ?i E 6
Urooklj-n 3 12 4
Batteries— McGlmy and Grady; Cronin and
Birgen. t'mplre — Zlmmer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2s. — In a somewhat Ilfe
le?» game Chicago defeated New York to-day.
Attendance, SZvu. Score:
R. H. E.
cticaro 7 9 1
New York 2 7 3
Batteries — Briggs and Kling; Wiltse an!
Warner. Umpires — Carpenter and O'Day.
CHICAGO, BepL "8.— The locals made
a great batting rally In ths eighth inn
ing, tv.o tingles, two doubles and a
sacrifice scoring the winning runs. Alt
rock proved easy for Washington and
was forced to retire after three inn
ings. Walsh was an enigma at all
Washington 3 7 1
Batteries— Altrock. Wa'.sh and Sullivan;
JacoL^en and Kittredpe. Attendance. 2000.
DETROIT, Mich.. Sej't. 2S— Donovan* i. al
racM Mfttct jitchU;g to-day wes too much for
th* New Forks and they never got a runner
!*tt second bJ«*. His wupport helped much.
Ktokr's li^nd •«»* hurt toy a pitched ball.
Attendance. I2uw. Score:
D*~tt 'I l \ E j
Mem- Vcrk 0 » 0
Batterie*— Donovan and Drill; Orth. Clark
eon. KeGutre and McManus. .
gT. LOUIS. . Sept. 2.S. — St. Louis defeated
the PbUadriJifafcu in both games vt a double
liAtder u-i'ay. Attendance. 2300. Scores:
Fi!>l game — K- H. E.
*»t. Lou.c 5 0 1
Philadelphia 16 4
Biittrries — Kowcll and Susden; Coakley and
Second »>me— R- H* E,
fct. Louis 5 11 0
Phila-Jiiphia 0 5 0
Batteries— relty and Sugden; Fairbanks and
fechreik.
CLEVELAND O.. fc*!*. 28.— The visitors
batted litss fcr ten hit*, including three dou
ble*, but hi» work *t critical moments and
lart fielding behind him k«-pt them from
t coring. Attendance. 1SU0. Score:
Cleveland 5* «j 0
Boston 0 6 1
Batteries! — Hess and Buelotr; Dlneen and
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
(AMERICAN' LEAGUE.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pccific Coast League.)
W.U Pot. I W.L. Pet.
1 Tacoma 24 .!>SC Oakland ... 29 ..'52 .475
Seattle 33 20 .S5V|San Krtin... •- > 7 :;•_' .4.V<
Los Angeles 30 24 ..".'<(. ;Pi rll.ind ... 22 37 .;;T.J
The curtain was about to be rung
I down on the little matinee at Recrea
tion Park yesterday afternoon when
the Angels sprang a run on the fans
who were there to welcome home the
Seals. The one run did not count at
all, for Uncle already had four put
away and was riding on velvet. Score,
San Francisco 4. Los Angeles 1.
The pretty weather induced the toss
ers to play pretty ball. In nearly every
spasm something that might be termed
sensational was unloaded to the de
light of the fans. The game was gone
through in an hour and fifteen minutes,
which Is the record for the season and
maybe for a good many seasons.
Jimmy Whalen was the leading
i spirit, ably assisted by Parke Wilson,
j for the first time this season, and the
rett of the bunch. They all played
great baseball and hit when hits meant
I runs. Whalen never had so much in
his life as he possessed yesterday.
Those left-handers were Just swinging
their heads off and even then they
could not bing safely.
The Seals began to jump into the
thick of the fight in round one, when
Meany's hit to right was juggled by
Cravath and Pat went to second. An
derson brought him home by binglng
one out past Flood. Two more were
annexed in the seventh. This time
Van Buren started it with a scratchy
hit, and Hlldebrand bunted at the
plate. Spies threw the ball to first, but
no one was there.
In the meantime Van kept tearing
till he reached the pan. Hildebrand
pulled up at third and he also arrived
on Meany's bingle past first. The last
one was trotted in during the eighth.
Again Van soaked It out and Hilde
sacrificed. Waldron bunted and Flood
dropped Hall's perfect throw. Meany
swung through safely for the third
time and the last run was a reality.
With two gone in the ninth, the An
gels got theirs. Ross had just chopped
one off and advanced on Spies' out.
Eagar was brought in to take a clout
at It in Hall's place, but he only hit
wind. Bernard placed a good one out
to left and Roes barely got in, saving
Morley from the humiliation of a
whitewash. The score:
San Francisco— i Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
V.Bur.lb 4 2 3 14 OjBernd.cf 4 0 110
Hildeb.lf 3 12 1 0 Flood,3b 4 0 13 1
Waldn.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Prshr. lb 3 0 0 5 0
Meahy.rf 4 1 S 2 0 Cravth.rf 3 0 0 10
Irwfn.3b 4 0 12 3 Chase,2b 3 0 15 1
Andsn,2b 4 0 12 4 Taman.ss 3 0 0 3 4
Wllsn, c 3 O 0 2 o Ross.lf.. 3 113 2
Gochr.n 3 0 12 4 Fpies.c. . 3 0 0 3 0
Whaln.p 3 0 0 0 1 Hall.p... 2 0 0 0 2
¦ »Eagar.. 10 0 0 0
Totals. 32 4 11 27 15|
! Totals. 29 1 4 24 10
•Batted for Hall in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Arsrlea ....00000000 1— 1
Base Hit* ....000 1000 1 2 — 4
Ban Francisco... 01000201 x — 4
Ba»e Hits 02 2 1 0 3 1 2 x— 11
SUMMARY.
Errors — Bernard 2, Flood, Cravath. Sacrifice
hit— Hildebrand. Left on bases — San Fran
cisco 4, Los Angeles 1. Struck out — By
Whalen L by Hall 1. Double plays — Chase
to Toman to Brashear, Anderson to Wilson to
Gochnauer. Time ot game — One hour and fif
teen minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
(National Lraguc.) j W.U Pet.
W.K lVt.' (American league.)
New York..l<14 «4-722 Boston «j » •«*
Oi!ia*i> ... Mi Tit .»Kil NVw Vork.. M .1* .*•<«>
Cincinnati . « «iu ..'.77 ChicuBO *'> •">'•» .581
ltttffburs '.. Hit <ii ..'><'7 Cleveland .- •<* <¦- ••••' l
St "Loui£... 7" 71 .4HI! Philadelphia 7* C2 .i>-»*
Brooklyn .. 68 V2 .:ts7 St. Louis... <? 7)S Alo
Uo^ton 62 !»:! .:&» I* troll •••• o< fr-- 410
i'h'Ud'lj.uia 47 V)7 ..!2«i Washington SC105 .255
STANDING OK THE CLUBS
Good Coursing Marks First
Midweek Stake That Is
to Be Decided This Year
— •_ — .
Uncle's Charges Hammer in
Runs at Short Intervals,
Aided by Several Misplays
HALL KINDLY RECEIVED
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horso. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — L'y Strathmore.lOl(Ausn) 3 2 5 14
12 to 5— Worthlngtcn.lOC (Dugan) 1 4 2 2 3
18 to 1— Bensonhurst. 106 (Young) 5 3 2 3 1
' Time, 1:22%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes" b. m. (6) by Strathmore-
Lady Loud. Kindred 104. Bettie Deceiver 95,
Sophia Anderson /101. finished as named.
. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight," Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— The Eye. 10.J (MrMullen) 4 3 1.18
4. to 1— George T, 103 (J.Conway) 3 2 1 2 h
lOtfrl — Harlequin, lOS(W.Dugan) 6 6 6 3 3
Time, 1:18^. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Rold Bros.' br. c. by Judge Denny-
Fast Queen. Aten 100, Shadow Prince 108.
J. G. Dwight 108. Trourere 108. Trapnall J 108.
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Ono mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Col. Balantyne, lOS(Hwl) 2 2 6 112
5»> to 1— Kisuka", 100 (S. Dickson). 8 3 6 2 10
5 to 7— Torlo, 95 (S. Williams).. 3 4 18 1
Time, 1:5a. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, ,W. • Ronaidson's b. h. (6) by Atlantic-
Mary Stone. Feronla 105, Tangible 100, Mem
phlan 108, Hickory Corners 105, Brewer Schorr
ilOS,. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28.— Form players
had a good day at Delmar this after
noon, four choices winning. The
weather was clear and the track heavy.
Attendance 4000. Summary: .
FIRST RACE— Five -and a half furlongs;
maiden two-'year-olds :
Betting. Hurse, Weight, Jockey. St. =4 Fin.
1-' to 1— Bavarian. 105 (Lindsey). 1 13 lh
12 to 1— John Randolph, lOO(Hwl) 3 4 « 2 h
7 to 1— Dromio, 103 (Schaff ner) . . 4 3 V, 3 c
Time, 1:17. Start poor, Won driving. Win
ner, H. W. Wollhauser's b. g. by Bathampton-
Blue and White. St. Floir 108. Hacmelster
10S, Mr. Earnaby 1C3, finished as named.
Spectators Watch a Slugging
Match Breathlessly at the
Oakland Training Quarters
BOTH' IX ( GRAND F0EM
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Gloriosa, the
four-year-old mare, Which Tichenor &
Co. sold at auction to C. E. Durnell,
and which won the silver cup and
purse for licensed trainers as riders at
Harlem last -Thursday, and which also
won at Worth on Monday, made it
three straight to-day by annexing the
third event on the card. Owner Dur
nell, however, lost money on the out
come, as Gloriosa was entered. to be
sold for $500 and was bid up to $1400
by ''Red" Walker, and retained for
$1500 by her owner. The mare was. a
prohibitive favorite at 2 to 6 in the ;
ring. . Durnell could not have profited
through her victory, as he did not back
her heavily. The favorite's winning \
margiiAhowever, wa s only a head over
Mr. Fmura in a fierce drive.
• The talent gave r.the bookmakers a
terrific founding, picking four winners
and two second choices.
The track was fetlock deep in mud,
and racing was ¦ therefore uncertain.
Summaries: ' - "¦¦/ C'^'il?-'--:*-'*/'
FIRST, RACB>— Five furlongs; two-year-old
maidens; purse: '
Betttffg. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 6— Lady Wilmot, 110 (Nlc). 4 1113
9 to 2 — Simplicity, 110 (Shaver). 5 2 5 24
11 to 5 — Lasagltte, 115 (Wilson).. 7' 5n 3 3
Time, 1 :05. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner, W. Gum's ch. t. by Itequltal-Faginla.
Effle M 110. Dixie Andrews 110, Miss Gunn
110. Sly Musette 115. The Lorelei 115, Mrs.
Bob 110, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 2— K Free Knlght.96 (Sha) 7 31% 12
S to 1— St. MerrylcKS, Ot) (Nie). . « 1 SMs 2 7
14 to 5— Trossacha, £Ht (Aubuch).. 9 2 3 3 3
lime. 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Dernham's b. f. (3), by Free
Knight-Fauna III. Sparrow Cop 101, Sir Hugh
107. Jim Tyrrell 101. Taxman 103, Belle Dod
son 103, Fccassat 101. Acco 109, finished as
named. * , •.; j
THIRD RACE— One and one- sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to B — Gloriosa 80 (Greenfield). 2 1 h 1 h
12 to 1— Mr. Farnum, 104 (Bonn). 1 2 4 2 8
30 to 1— Langford James, 89 (Per) 4 3 6 3 4
Time. 1:55 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Durnell's ch. f. (¦*>• by Hast
ings-Glory. Nlaxus 10O, Charlie Miller 97, Ra
bunta 89. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
l» to 6— Kleinwood, 105 (Jones).. 5 14 1 10
16tol— Voila, 107 (Harris) 7 88 2 8
1 to 1 — Barrtngton, 105 (Minder) 3 0 6 3 h
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner, Foreman ,& Graham's ch. c. by Her
mence-Manuo' n II. Ida Davis 107, Th« Ha
waiian 102. Monls 112, Jusque La. 102, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; two
year-olrts:
Betting. Home, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
!> to 2— Sincerity Belle.95 (Nlcol) 2 4 4 In
7 to 5 — Del Carina, 00 (Gmfield) 3 3 n 2 h
16 to 5— Lieut Rice. 95 (Shaver) 4 1 1^3 5
Time 1 -20. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. M. D. Miller's ch. f. ! by Handsome-Sin
cerity. Bonnie Prince Charlie 106, Big Beach
100, Ed Early 92. Green' Rose 92, Lou M 97,
finished as named. <
SIXTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; selling; three
year-oldji and up* " : '-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2 — MureBca, 102 (Greenfield). 1 12 1 7
5 to 1 — Tristan Shandy, 101 (Rom) 8 3 h 2 1
9 to 5— Ghats, 90 (Nlcol) 7 Ch 34
Time, 1:18 2-5. Won In a canter. Winner.
M D. Miller's br. m. (5) by Preston Pans-
Mura. Marco 102. Orfeo 103, Cyprienne 101,
Safeguard 104. Mimon 9S, Chockayotte 97,
Anna Beall 102, finished as named.
8peclal Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLDER DOG GETS MONEY
Jimmy Whaleu Has Them
Swinging Away at Weird
Assortment of Twisters
Tour Public Choices Catch
the Judges' Eyes at
Delmar.
Crippled Pirates Drop Double
Header% Bean Eaters and
Are Now in Third Place
Both Boston and New York
Go Against Good Pitchers
and Are Retired Hunless
Gans and Walcott Will Not
Don the Gloves Again
Until To-Morrow Sight
Gloriosa Leads Out Mr. Far
num in Fierce Drive at
Worth.
Confident, Futurity Young
ster, Meets Frisco Lad in
the Final at Union Park
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling: .
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Seymour, 90 (Sperling).. 2 1 % 1 3
3 to 1— Gravlna, 105 (H.Phillips). 1 6 >,$ 2'4
25 to 1 — Midshipman. 93(SchllIlng) 8 7 4 3 1
Time, 1:49 14. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, C. F. Foy*s br. g. by Loyalist-
Duchess. Champlain. Cinclnnatus, Dappla
Gold. Eagle, Brtarthorp, Locket, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — About six furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4i» to 1— Monacordor. 103 (J.Mrtn) 1 2^1h
15 to 1 — Trapper, 107 (Sperling).. 5 3% 2n
10 to 5— Juvenaga. 104 (Schilling). 2 1134
Time, 1:11. Start very bad. Won driving.
Winner. 1>. J. Lee's ch. c. by Prince of Mon
aco-Adora, Llncroft, Bill Bailey II, TL I*
Jchnson. Dazzle, Ivanhoe, Salt and Pepper,
Ornsuelo II, Handalice, Blackbird, Ike S. Jack
McKeon, Sunray, Wild Irishman, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— On*, and a half miles;
handicap for all aces:
Betting. Horse, Welpht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1— Shorthose. 122 (Odom)... 6 4^12
4 to 1— Pulsus, 115 (H. Phillips). 2 lh 22
CO to 1— Stonewall. 87 (Sperling). S 8 3h
Time. 2:35. Ktart good. Won handily. Win
ner, Goughacre Stables' b. c. by Athellng-
Miss Glennon. Africander, Moon Daisy, Clo
verland. Brigand, Palmreader, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— About six furlongs;, the
Holly Handicap; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, J'jckey. St. ?i Fin.
3 to 1 — Oiseau. 12« (H.Cochran). 1 13 13
20 to 1— Broadcloth. 114 (Burns). 3 3 1 2 h
7 to 2 — Glorifler, 116 (Gannon).. 8 6h 35.
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. G. Greener's ch. c. by Ornus- Kitty
Gunn. Councilman. Pttsadena. St. Bellane,
Merry Lark, Jim Beattie. Austin Allen, Ton
gorder, Chrysltis, Princess Rupert, finished aa
named.
GRAVESEND, S'jpt. 28. — E. R.
Thomas' crallant Hlly Lady Amelia was
accorded another whole souled ovation
when she returned to the judges' stand
to-day. after winning the feature event
She fairly earned all the good things
said abo t her as for the third consec
utive time she led a big field of fast
racers from start to finish. She car
ried 140 pounds and conceded thirty
two pounds to Letola, twenty pounds
to Collector Jessup, thirty-two pounds
to Ascension, forty-two pounds to In
vincible and twenty-two pounds to the
erstwhile speed marvel from the West,
the two-year-old Handzarra.
L»ady Amelia led all the way. Be
hind her the most notable flight of
speed was that shown t>y Handzarra,
which ran up from fifth to second place
in the first quarter, but failed to hold
her own. Collector Jessup, forced to
run outside of three others on the
stretch turn, made a strong bid in
company with Letola, but Lady Ame
lia, next the rail all the way. responded
well to Iiedfern's call and lasted long
enough to win by something less than
a lenjrth. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About sis furlongs; handi
cap fur all ayes:
Kettlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
31 to 5 — L*dy Amelia. 110 (Red). 1 1% 11
15 to 1 — Leto'a 108 (Shaw) 'i 2 V, 2 4
G to 1 — CoIIpc. Jessup, 123 (Odm) 3 3 1 3 %
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. It. Thomas' br. f. by Ben Brush-
Ia Colonla. Ascension, Invincible. Toaean,
Major Pllham, Handzarra, Miss Shylock. Blue
and Orange, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; eelllns;
steeplechase; for three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Walter Cleary, 153 (Ray). 6 2 20 1 10
10 to 1— Vestment. 147 (Veltch)..4 12 2 0
11 to 5 — Patapontan. 1K5- (J.O'B.) 7 4 8 3 8
Time. 4:01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mr. Ohamblin's b. f. by Arlington-Ves
talla. Valdez, Snuff, Neponsit, Doomelike,
finished as named.
Special D'.spatch to The Call
The Thomas Filly Is Accord
ed an Ovatiwi Upon fte
timiiiig to Scale.
FIGHTERS END
BOXING WORK
ANGELS NEARLY
PAINTED WHITE
LADY AMELIA CONCEDES MUCH WEIGHT
AND THEN DEFEATS A FAST FIELD
PUPPY MAKES
A GAME FIGHT
CHICAGO GRAINS
ON HEADLINERS
EVEN MONEY IS LAID ON THE OUTCOME OF THE GANS-WALCOTT FIGHT
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 29, 1904.
BOSTON. Sept. 28.— At the annual meeting
of. the' Board of Overseers of Harvard College
to-day,- former, Governor John D. Long- was re
elected president of the board.' Dr. W. H. Wade
was elected secretary. ¦
The jury in the case of C. L. Dan
iels, who has been on triaj in Judge
Dunne's court on. a charge- of felony
embezzlement, failed, to agree on a
verdict, last night and was discharged.
Daniels is accused of: having: stolen
S93 from" the Illinois Pacific Gla^s
Works. ¦ BS8MH£$i- •"• ¦¦*--
Jury Disagrees.
Two Brownies Reiensed.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28. — Manager
Dugdale of the Portland team has re
leased Phil Nadeau, teft fielder, and
"Ham" Iberg, pitcher. The work of
neither man has, according to Dug
dale, been up to the standard. Several
other changes in the make-up of the
Portland team are expected.
2:12 class, trot purse $1500 — Invader won
the third, fourth and sixth heats in 2:10. 2:11,
2:12%. -Aerolite won- the second and fifth
heats in 2:0914, 2:11. . Patchen Maid won the
first heat in 2:10>{.- Euxenite, The Questor,
Calcine. Lady Gall Hamilton, Kirkwood Jr.
and Bonner also started.
2.09 class, pace, purse $1500, three in five —
Kins Direct won three stral&ht heats in 2:0",
'i:W>Vx. 2:CS. Ben F, Oregon Maid, MonrJut.
Black Pet. Little . Frank. Mustard. Katie 'H,
Bub O'Reil and Elose Wood also started.
6
I lave been suffering from Impure Blood
for man/ years, having Boils and other
Eruptions. Having heard of S. S. S. I de-
cided to try it, and am glad to say that it
has tloae me a great deal of good. I intend
to continue to use it, as I believe it to be
the best Blood Uedicine on the market.
Cleveland, Tenn. W. K. Deters.
For over fifteen years I have suffered
more or less f rom Impure Blood. About a
vear ago I liad a boil appear on my leg
!;e!or the knee, which was followed by
uiree more on mj neck. I saw S. S. S.
cdvertised and decided to try it. After
taking three bottles all Boils di^ippeared
and I have not been troubled any since.
Geo. G. Fertig.
i 14 W. JeCerson St., Louisville, Ky. .
.- . Newark, Ohio, May 23, X903.
From childhood I shad been bothered
Tr;th bad blood, skin eruptions and boils.
I had boils ranging from five to twenty in
number each season. _ The burning ac-
companying the eruption was terrible.
S. S. S. "seemed to be just the medicine
needed in my case. It drove out all impu-
rities and bad blood, giving me penna-
ncut relief from the skin eruption and
Iroils. This has been ten years ago, and I
have never had a return of the disease.
MOB Mrs. J. D. Atherton.
Sjf^S ASBfr W" 16 * or our
/Sf^w book on blood and
Medical advice
V" IB formation about
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
; i.-*- ' ,,, ADVERTISEMENTS.
| "! FEEL GREAT!" I
g man of your size. You can If you wlil «»?Ws %rar^ iSvli^rato?^ •?¦"*•¦•»* J
g DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT 8
S They come every day from erery where Th#™ i. J?t . RT * KorbeI - CaX n
8 S a^K^syTo uiHs's^ g aY «£*^5 "^5? « 8
S Electric Belt? I have not se^ one. You%, u 5ft rvV In"*,*?* D . r - *<*-«Khtln-s Q
• >3eKr"^ I
8 Dr. M.e. McLausrhlin "^ Market st. 8
• Ofnc Hour^S .. ». to 8 p. m. sunS.. 10 to L 8Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographie Office, u. S. N., Mer
* chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
September 2$. ...
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day.
J. C BURNETT,
lieutenant, U v S, N.. .In charge.
FROM J3EATTLE;
• Steamer. ' t Destination. " | SalU.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports;Pept. 2»
Dolphin 8ka«r«ray & Way Ports.JSept. 30
Santa Clara.- Seldovla & Way PortsJOct. 1
Roanoke Norm A - St. Michael . . Oct. »
Victoria Nome & X.E. Siberia Oct. 4
Orezon Nome & St. Michael., Oct. 8
Bertha Cooka Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey — \
Time and Height of High and Law Waters |
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco j
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.- B
NOTfe-*-The high and low waters occur at '
the city front (Ml*«Lon-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height '
of tide Is the same At bothjjlaces. ' !
~' THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. * |
Sua Haes... 6:03
Sun s«t»,.'»;..' -. B:3S
Moon "rises..-...;.'......: 0:01 p.jn.
a iTimej iTlmel" jTime JTlrae ¦
p* (1 / Ft. I f Ft. f VX.A—.— Ft.
¦ . |H W{ - IL, Wl , |H W| 1L, Wl I
21> 1 2:32j 4.11 T:38[ 2.4| 1:471 C.0| 8:331 0.1 j
"NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth -time column gives the last tide of tha
day except when there are but. three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. ¦ The heights given are In !
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Cherts.- except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from - the ' depth (riven by
the charts. The plane af reference Js the mean [
of the. lower law waters.
Humboldt Bar. Cal. — Notice is hereby given
that on or about October 15, 1904. the bell
buoy off Humbcldt Bar, California, will be
bemeved about one-quarter mile N. by E. H E
from Its present position. New bearings will
be: Humboldt (discontinued) lighthouse. E. Vi
S.; tree on red Uluft, SE. by E. H E-; Hum
boldt llghthouws. S. % E.; outside bar whis
tling buoy, W. by S. By order of the Light
house Board. W. P. DAY,
Commander, TJ. S. N., Inspector Twelfth
Lirbthcuse District.
Notice to Mariners.
At a Reeling of the State Board cf Harbcr
Comraissioners yesterday afternoon the West
ern Iron Works proposed to remove the pres
ent -.-••• work on the stairway* in the nave
cf the Ferry building, wfclch was found to be
• <.. : r\ . and replace It vlth white Ten
r.«ssr# marble, and make other cee^fil
charges, fcr J3C00. The proposal wa« filed* /
The necretary cf the committee on arrange
ments ct the twenty -fourth annual convention
of th* American Ftderaticn of Labor to open
ir. th!« city November 24. arked that the
Ferry building be lighted for five nights. The
r«ju<.-M. was granted.
Plans were rabrsltted by the chief esgineer
Ilarbor Commissioners Meet.
. FISHERMAN MISSING.— Patrick W. Har
ley, a member of the Fishermen'* Union, was
reuorted to the Coroaer yesterday as baring
disappeared on September 22.
j ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Sept 2^.
« US itmr Petrel. Sherman. 12 days from
• Dutch Harbor.
« Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
, Port Rcdrers.
i Stmr Gualala. Kalnin, 12 hours from
1 Del mar.
i Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel, 14 houra from Green
wwkI.
> Stmr UmaUlla, Ncpander, 81 hours from
¦ Victoria. B C
1 Stmr W H Krug-er, Xordberg. 24 hours from
I Eureka.
i Btrar Greenwood. Walvig. 16 hour* from
1 Caspar.
Br strcr Wyefleld, , 84 hours from Lady
smith.
Stmr Magrie, Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
• Schr Dauntless, Smith, 8 daya from Grays
: Harbor.
1 Schr Con Santa, Johnson. 24 houra from
; Notleys Landing.
j CLEARED.
Wednesday. Sept 2S.
; Stmr G W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. 1
Strar Corona, Glelow, Eureka pacific Coast
Steamship Ccmsany.
, Stmr State of California. Nlcolson, Ban Dl»
tgo: Pacific Coast SteamshlD Company.
Br bark Earl of Dunmore, Mencke. London*
• G W McXeer.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu:
Welch & Co.
Baric Ajny Turner. Wariand, HIlo; Welch
. St Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Sept 2i.
( Stmr F A Kilburn. ThomDson. Port Rodgers.
'Ftmr Bnnlta, Preble, San Pedro.
Ptmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
Ptn-r Mandalay. Smith. Eureka.
Stmr Maar«n<*. Eagles. Halfmoon Bay.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzea. Port Townaend.
Stmr Leelanaw. Monroe, Tacoma. ¦
Ptmr Corona. Glelow, 1 Eureka,
I Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, Fort Bragg
Bark Amy Turner. Wariand, HUo. '¦'¦•
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu.
Pchr Defiance, Saletzke, Grays Harbor. ¦
Schr Glen. Thomas, Tillajnook.
SPOKEN.
No date etc — Br ehia Bardowie, from Gee
long, for Falmouth. . ;, ,'
TELEGRAPHIC. • I
POINT LOBOS. S*Dt 28. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wlod west; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed S«pt 25— Schr John F
Miller, fox San FrancUco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 2S— Br
bark Blythswood. from Victoria.
Sailed Sept 2S — Br ship Olivebank for Cape
Town. , 7
BANDON— Arrived Sept 28— Schr C A Klose^
henre Sept 19.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sent 28— Schr- Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sent 27— Oer bark Ber
tha, from Antwerp. Sept 2S — Stmr Cottage
City, from Skagway.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sect 28— Ger bark
wLbydos, from Seattle. ¦ - - •
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
February 29 eh* sailed from Taccma with a
cs.rro of grain bound for Cork. This was the
;- - •. «r«- Mn of the vessel. A few days after
t.T .1 ..-.»- date the Indians en the west coast
of Vancouver Island reported having seen dur
tejr a w%-ere etorm a larjps ship close in shore
?vifieatly m distress. Wreckage bearitys the
fhJp'a cur.e was picked up from Cap* Beale
to Cclullet Arm. A package of paper* bear
ing the tiame cf Douglass ilalcolm. first offl
r*r. was aJso foand. The fine ship undoubt
edly m-cct down and every soul on board was
lost.
LJcyfl* have posted the British ahlp Laaiorr.*
and fcte is officially enusierated amccx th«
tnisclns. ,
Slilp Pasted as 3IL->iiur.
TO ARRIVE.
• Steamer. From. ; Due.
£ rcat _ a Coos % Day & Pt. Orfd. Sept. 29
Cityfcydney.. New York via Ancon. Sept. 29 !
Pomona Humboldt gept 20
Cooa Bay San Pedro & Way PtsJSept" 29'
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt ArenalSept 29
Santa Rwa... g an Diego & Way Pts.iSept 20
• Curacao...... Mexican Ports .... Sept! 29
J. Hlggins.... San Pedro . Sept 30
B- Dollar San Pedro T. Sept aO
Coronado San Pedro Oct.* 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria ..'.*.' Oct. 1
Alliance Portland 4 Way Ports Oct. 1
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 1
S.Monica Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Homer Humboldt oc t «
Elitabeth Coqullle River. " " OctI 2
XorthFork... HumboJdt !i!' Oct. °
Corona Humboldt ."." Oct 8'
Arctle Humboldt !!!!'*Oct' *•
Del Norte Crescent City * * * Octl 3
B. Barbara... San Pedro " Oct. 3
Centralia San Pedro ~; qc, 3
Eureka Humboldt .".i"'oct 3
Mongolia China * Japan . "loot" 1
Argo Kel RJver Port*....;;;; o« $\
Queen Puge; Sound Ports... Qct* 3
Breakwater.. Coos Bay ...... oct* 3
Bonita Newport & Way' Port* Oetl 3
State of Cal. . San Dieso & Way Pts! Oct. 3 '
P? rao - Po'Rt Arena & Albion. Oct. 4j
Alameda Honolulu .... <vt 4
Abydos Seattle ........ Qct 4
? ew P° rt ew , y «k via Ancon. Oct! *
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Oct 5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria OctI 6
Amer. Mini.. China & Japan **" Oct 7
Callfomlan... New York via Coronei'iOct." • T
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.. . .[Oct. S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
September 29. { ~
Newuurg--- Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Argo Eel River Torts... 4 pmlPier 2.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amjpier 11 •
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pmiPler 2 !
Nevadan..: Hono k Kahulm.. 11 am 'Pier 23 :
Sonoma Sydney & Way 2 pmiPier Tr
G. W. Elder Astoria tc Portland 11 am Pier 24
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pmlPier I
September 30. j
Sequoia Wfllapa Harbor. ... 12 mlPler 20
G Llndcuer Grays - Harbor, ... | 'Pier —
Rklnler.... Seattle & BeUajhm 4'pmjpier 10 !
Eureka Humboldt 9 am'pier U >
October 1. • | ;
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 1ft ',
Arcata Coos B *:Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Gaelic China & Japan. ... 1 pm'Pitr 40 ¦
San Juan.,. -N. x. via Ancon.. 12 injPier 40 '
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pi«r Si
Norwood... Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pmjpter 2.
Pomona.... Humboldt ]l:30pPier I
October 2. j f !
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pmlPier 3
Umatilla.:, Pugret Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Cooa Bay. . . Ban Pedro & Way. 9 am'Pier II
S. Uosa..-' Saa Diego £ Way. 9 am Pier H
October 3. |
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
I S. Barbara. Oraya Harbor 4 pm'PIer 10 !
AManc«.... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
I , - •;. ¦.¦,-.« October 4. [
Corona • Humboldt l:30p|Pler 0 '
Elizabeth.. Coquill^ River .... 12 m Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland n am pi er 2 *
October 5. . 1
Arctic...... Humboidt ., .". 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coob Bay direct! ... 5 pm Pier S
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmfPier 20
October 6.
Bonita »f«w|»ort & Way. . . 9 am Pier 11
October 7.
Queen . Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Abydoa Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier J9
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 pra Ptcr 40
Curacao. . . - Mexican Ports .... 10 am PUr 11
October 8. : .• <
Alameda. . . Honolulu ....'....,. if am' Pier - 7
City Sydney N. York viaAncon|12 mjPiec 40-
The bark Andrew Welch sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an as*>:rted cargo, valued at
$2S.64fi. and including the following: 350 bbles
flour, 549 etls wheat; 5417 efts barley. 40 ctls
cats, 58 ctls corn. 264-1 bales hay, 5339 lbs
bran, 127.839 !ba beans. 23,750 lb« salt, 23.511
.'*¦» nunr. 22*? lb« bread, 145 casks beer. 324
cs asserted canned coeds. 225 cs canned «alm
cn, 82 pkgs table preparations, 3O cs olive oil.
14 cs IKjuqts, 5 cs «yrup, 10 bbls vinegar, 25
ca whisky CS4.O0O lb« cement, 3 cs boots and
thc*6. lf"0 tors sand. 4 bdls- oars', 100 bdls
lira*. •"'-.", cs so*;), 4 pkgs machinery, 25 cs
sulphide. 39 bales pap»r bags. 115 pkgs mlll
wcrk. 13 head cattle. 2 Digs.
The bark /my Turner sailed for HIlo yester
day with a general cargo, valued at $47,725.
The following were the principal shipments:
GM btols flour, 10.575 gals wine, 171.700 lba
rice, 10.8CS lba beans. 27.RQ0 lbs salt. 196 ctls
wheat. 3472 ctls barley, 122.270 lba bran. 23,80U
lbs middlings, 700 bales hay. 125 ctls corn,
600 cs 4<S nkrs salmon, 31 v<» \tm lard. SI gals
10 (a brandy. 2O c* UO gals whisky. 140 pkgs
beer. 4'« bkas table Dreparatlons^ 210 cs
canned good*. 46 pkgs groceries and provisions.
20 ckjes fresh fruits, 27 bbls vinegar, 4577 lbs
3 ca bread, O7 lbs cheese. 1474 lbs ham and
baccn, COO crta potatoes. 22 pkgs onions, CS
pkga caste 3C00 lbs codfish. 1000 lba meals.
300 lb« dried fish, 897,350 lbs fertilizer. 675
gals cxwtnut oil. 24 pkgs agricultural imple
ments. .';¦> bdls pipe, 22 cs dry goods, 13 colls
rope. 62S lbs lead, 17 cs boots and shoes, 1344
Ibe.ctareh. 250 bxs soap. 5 pkgs leather, 24
tills 52 pes steel, si; cs gasoline, 115 lilts'
paisU and oils. 730 ft hardweod.
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger concluded yesterday the in
vestigation into the grounding of the
Northland off Point Pinos.
Captain S. Bonifleld, master of the
ship, denied that he had given an or
der to be awakened when the patent
log showed 100, as testified by First
Mate Hedvall. The order had been
communicated to Hedvall by Second
>Jate Johannsen. Captain Bonifleld
said that Hedvall or Johannsen must
have been mistaken.
The mate denied having told the
captain that he had seen the Point
Pinos light on the port bow.
Lawyer Mahoney, who appeared for
Captain Bonifleld. said that one of the
passengers informed the captain that
just before the vessel struck he had
seen Mate Hedvall in a position wbich
Indicated that he had either been
asleep or drunk. The passenger, how
ever, was in Los Angeles, he said.
Mate Hedvall, with tears in his eyes,
protested that he was not a drinking
man and had not tasted \ a drop of
liQUor for three years.
The case was then closed.
Captain Boniflcld Contradicts Mate
Iledvall as to a Very Material
Order. He Had Given.
Movements of Steamers.
The steamer also carried 4'J1 cs canned
salmon valued at $2210, en route to Australia.
The steamer Ciiy of Pu#bla, which sailed on
Tuesday for Victoria, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo, c-pnsigned to various British
Columbian ports, valued at $12,013. and in
cluded the following: 532 pkgs fresh fruits. 56
r:kgs fresh vegetables, 37,370 lbs malt. 51.023
lbs dried fruit, 70 cs canned goods, 1419 lbs 1
c* ch?**». 4.">1 lbs coffee, 510 pkgs paste. 33
rkg» tabto preparations. 200 gain wine. 24.WJ6
lbs dried peas. 510 lbs chocolate. 500 lbs drt*d
fish, V.t pkgs groceries and provisions, 34,000
lbs salt. J»W lb« raisins, 23.SS9 lbs aephaltum.
22 cs arm' and ammunition. r>0 rolls roofing
material. 2 bales leather. 10 bdls bag?, 27 syla
gas. 5 pkgs electrical supplies. 2 pkgs ma
chinery. *3 pkra plumbing material, 12 sheets
st«»«l, 9«2O ft hardwpod. 33.t"00 lbs fertilizer,
1 casoilr.e boat.
Exports for the Xorth.
«12r)th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 28—5 p. m.
The toUom [ng maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 7V<5«J New Orleans 85-74
Bu»ton 64-34 Philadelphia 7G-O2
Jacksonville 90-74 Washington 76-04
St. Lfnils &S-74 New York 72-62
Chicago 66-56 Plttsburg 78-56
SAN FRANCISCO. 84-58
<?OAST RECORD.
p . *^2 3s 2.^ B '
2 f3 33 f~ b a =.
STA11ONS. - ?£$=3-2 5° S
-I s — C & ' -1 —
i c c : : §
'. * * \ ' '•
Baker 30.20 M 44 NE Cloudy .00
Carson 3O.10 64 34 FE Clear .0O
Eureka 3O.12 82 3o N Cloudy .0O
Fresno 23. *8 76 62 N Clear .no
SE. Farailon.2».9I 61 58 NW Cl-ar .CO
Flagstaff a>.80 B8. 2« NE Clear .fx>
Pocatello 30.12 62 3S W Clear .00
Independence .29.06 72 52 N Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 20. 72 90 62 N Clear .0<>
Mt. Tamalpals23.95 75 49 N Clear .00
Phoenix 2S».C2 86 52 W Clear .(»>
Pt. Reyes Lt.K>.&6 71 56 NW Clear .00
I'ortland 30.20^58 58 W Cloady .07
Red Bluff 23.94 88 04 X Clear .00
Roseburg 30.14 78 58 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..23.8H b2 53 NW Clear 00
Salt Lake 30.04 «2 38 NW Clear Tr
San Francisco. 20. »2 84 58 W Clear .00
S L. Obispo..2U.82 82 56 NW Clear .00
San Diego 13.70 84 60 W Clear <X>
Seattle 30.16 68 52 S Cloudy Tr.
Spokane 3O.08 70 50 W Cloudy Tr.
Tatocsh 30.18 5«5 52 SW Cloudy .15
Walla Walla. 30. 10 78 50 W (Hear .00
Winnemucca .30. 14 66 36 NE Clear .•*>
Yuma 29.86 86 64 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over Washington
and Northern Oregon and fair weather else
where west of the Rocky Mountains. Scattered
lisht showers have fallen' In Washington and
Northwestern Oregon. Light rain has also
fallen in Western Texas.
The pressure has risen over the plateau
region and fallen along the California coast.
The temperature has risen over the Pacific
Slope except in. Nevada and Utah, where It Is
nearly stationary.
Foreran made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 29:
Northern California — Fair, warmer Thurs
day; light northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, warmer
In northeastern portion; light north wind.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Thursday; light -northwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
Hffht north wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Thursday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair, warmer Thurs
day.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster (temporarily In charge).
.\ Cargo for London.
The British ship Earl ot Ounmcr* was
cleared yesterday for LflPdOB Wit* 1'«.872 cs
canned fruit. 14.9f*> cs canned sa'.mcn. R>50
Kals wine. 22.1O* lbs cascara bark, 7 bales
Chinese crass and 532.45O Its scrap steel, val
ued ax J;J7o.S.Vi.
United States Irr.mljiTant Inspector D. J.
Griffiths reports nine desertions finm the crew
cf the British bark Earl of Dunmore.
31atters of Intone to Mariners and
Shipping 3lPrvhanU».
NEWS OF THE OCF^\N.
K - Sy- ne>— M. Alexander, Mrs. Alexander.
P. W. Ans«tron». J. Becker. Dr. A. Burn*.
Vr> Bcree, Mias Burse. Hon. J. J. Casey.
K. C. : Lady Clarke and maid. Sidney C!em*nt
* :.. Mm <T 4 ein<^itson. Mrs. C. A. Coghlaa.
; rrasit Cotftn. Mrs. Coffee. E. B. Cocke. R.
Cllll»».O. Mtss Cranweil. Mrs. J. G. Dane,
M:s* M. Da via, W. M. Fay. Mrs. Fay. J. M.
'K«rsu*aa. N. Ferguson, J->hn Forreart, Mrs.
** rrert. P. Forrest. T. Kapp. Misa Knowlea,
? ? C. Kerr. Ivor Lawmen. Dr. Little. L. C.
LIttcn. Floyd McFarlane. F. Maodonald. R.
Sl^:rc»e. C. H. Osborn. W. T. Osfeorn. Mr«.
C»*born. A. Pat«r»cn. A. Putnam. T. C. Put
n»m. Miss Edna. Putnam. A. D. Palenirer, T.
Smith. W. Scott. W. Scott Jr., Mr. .Starker.
1-. J. WaJker, M. Yatosley, Mlas Yabsl«y.
To Jcia at Honolulu for Sydney— S. Foster
Hcnta.
For Aurkland — C. A. Atkinson, G. J. Black.
Mrs. Black. Mum F. Black. Dr. T. A. Black.
lin. J. CaldweU. Mias Caldwe'.l. W. K.
Ckrttr. J. Col'ina. A. Duncan. Mrs. Duncan,
J. Lmams, Mrs. Dcnean. J. G. Duncan, Mrs.
Ininmn. Dr. F. V.". Hoskixx?. R. Jaini»«OR, A.
II. L"ja- rrt. '.'. G. LJoyd. J. T. Lloyd. H. J.
w. L,*A. G-wrre Ljsw-. J. M. McCarthy. G. J.
Mia«T. t Oiirhaat. Miss OJifrfaaat, J. Skerritt,
Jair^ji Ttun, R. T. Turnbuil.
• .. ¦
Fw Hooclulu — Mrs. R. W. Anderson and two
cfciMr-r.. F. J. Asw'S. C. Brown. C. A.
Bnma. tin. E. A. Clark, Mis* M. Clark. C. H.
I'..*.y. Mrs. 6. Eirllcn. James Gibb. Mrs.
• J'bb. Mr> *^- C. von Harare. Mrs. T. A.
ll*>s. a. Judd. L. Judd. H. W. Knifht, Mrs.
\k\ Lanrton. M:m G. A. Lev»y. R. C. Ly
<J"cker. Mi»» F. Lynch, .v McKiUop, Mrs- E.
Ji'-I'fctr:*' -*u*?ph Michaels, a D. Milllken,
M:w r. M^ea. J. W. ScaQ, Mn. N«all. E. E.
I'axton. Sir*. Paxtca. Mra. W. C. Peacock,
Miss C. A. Potter. H Ritcke, Mrs. J. L.
K!"!>ert»ori. Mrs. \V. T. Robertson. S. Schn*
rr.an.c J. ekiaaer. Mrs. Skirjy-r. W. H. Smith,
Mrs. !*.:tt. Mla» l=tcl*^r. Miss A. SuIIiraa.
li. £ Summer. Mrs Summer. Miss A. Swaa
£fn. W. A. Swinaerton. M. K. Tempi*. Mssa
V.ieM.nor Terr>", 1->t. M. Wacha. W. Wat<?rhouae,
F. Ii. W-Ttasu€t:«?r t Miss Hl«1e Wertismuelter.
Mrs L. W. Wl^ht. Miss Ella Wirht. Mlaa D.
¦U::,iam». A. is. WUojk. Mrs. WUcce, Allan
IV •.!-•. x. Miss M. K. Wilccx.
F'^r Pa«o Pa*i. — C G. Lloj-d. J. T. Lloyd.
Xudctf R. Williams.
The OceaAic liner isonutna wiU sail from
p»*r 7 <Paci2?-«i:**t wharf) this aJternoca at
2 o'clock for Honolulu, Paxo Pago, Aucklasl
and Eydaejr. T^e vessel is loaded to her ca
paLdtjr with cargo and has a fell paswafer
I'.»t. The followtcs are those booked for the
Sonoma ."-ail- To- Day.
WEATHER REPORT.
The American-Hawaiian steamer Nevadan
will leave Greenwich wharf at 11 o'clock this
moraine for Honolulu via Seattle and Tacoma.
The Chilean cmlrvr General Baqu^dauo lo»t a
amal! boat Tuesday night. It went adrift
from the vessel's outzisger.
The French bark Amirald Cornulier from San
Francisco has put Into Queenstown with ateer
isc rear da mazed.
The Pactflc Mail »t-am*hip City of Sydney
la du* to-day from Panama and way ports.
and the steamer Ccmuo from the Mexican
coast.
fcr th« corrtnietion of a wharf and retaining
wall at foot of Sc-eonii street, to coet $6*00.
Water Front Not***
Sailed Sept 2S— Bktn Alta. for Manila; G«r
etmr Abydoa. for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr
Mar»hfleld. from San Pedro.
PORT HA RKORD— Arrived Sent 28, 7 a m
— Stmr Santa Cruz, from San Pedro.
HUENEME— Passed Sept 2S — Stmr Curacao,
! from Guaymas. for San Franeisso.
REDONDO— Sailed S*Dt 2S — Stmr Lakrae.
j for San Francisco; schr Azalea, for Eureka.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Sept 2S — Schr Irene,
from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived SeDt 28— Stmr Cella,
from Albion; stmr Santa Barbara, hence Sept
26: stmr La.ktz:e. from Redcndo.
Sailed Sept 2S — Schr Andr Mahoney. for
I'nrtland; stmr Jame» S Hlgsin*, for San
Franciaco. »
TATOOSH— Passed In Seot 2S— Stmr Roa
noke. from Nome, for Seattle.
ELTREKA — Arrived Sept 2S — Stmr North
I Fork, hence Sept ZH; itmr San Gabriel, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Seot 28 — Stmr Pomona, for San
1 Francleco; *tmr San Pedro, for San Francisco;
stmr Toledo, for Eel River.
UNION LANDING— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr
Rival, hence Sept 2S.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Palled Sept 27— Schr Annie E
Sma!e. for Port Townaend; bark EdTrard May.
for Makawell. SeDt 2*-Stmr Alameda,. tor
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
Sailed Sept 27 — Stmr Advance, for Colon.
BOSTON— Arrived Sept 27— Br ihip Godiva,
from Iquique.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL — Sailed Seot 26 — Br bark Doris, fbr
San Francisco.
DELAGOA BAY — Arrived Seat 23 — Bark St
James from Tacoma-
KONGKONG — Arrived Sert 27 — Br stmr
Empress ot China, from Vancouver.
Arrived Sept 2s — Ger stmr Nicomedla, from
Aatcria.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Sept 2»J — Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco, Sept 27 — Stmr Barra
couta, for Ancon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Seot 2S— Stmr Lau
r«ntlan. from Glaszow; stmr Nord America,
from Genoa.
Sailed Ser>t 2S — Stmr Teutonic, for Liver
pool; stmr United States, for Christiania and
Copenhagen; atmc gardegna for Genoa and
Naples.
CONFLICT OF STORIES
IX NORTHLAND CASE
The third annual exhibit of the San
Francisco Architectural Club, which
opened Tuesday at the Mechanics' In
stitute, is a famous success, the rooms
last night being thronged with men
and women interested in the art of
homebulldlng.
The rooms are attractively decorated
with forest greenery, and a brilliant
lighting gives to each drawing a fair
chance for honor.
Perhaps the drawing that attracts
most attention Is th« United States
Custom-house plans, prepared by lo
cal architects. While attractive and
imposing, much regret was expressed
that a local architect was not the win
ner of the competition. Those who
were permitted to view Newton J.
Tharp's plans spoke loud In praise of
their superiority. These plans were
unfortunately delaved in transmission,
arriving too late to be entered in tha
competition.
The city homes are holding most of
the attention, many of which are of a
type to cultivate public taste.
Al lin all. the exhibit is said to be
the cleverest yet held in the citv.
It will continue to remain open all
week, afternoon and evening, free to
the public
Following is the committee in charge:
Printing and catalogue, Georsre Wag
ner, A. R. Johnson, A. O. Johnson;
advertising, Aug. G. Headman, F. A.
Farnkopf, Fred C. Lebenbaum, H. G.
Corwin; drawings, E. B. Scott. T.
Bearvald, TV. H. Crim, F. J. Rein
hardt, E. Hllderbrand, N. Mohr, H. E.
Nye.
Drawings of Dwellings.
Plans of Proposed Custom-Hoase At*
tract Much Attention, as Do
THE OLD BARK HE3PER, THE PAGES OF WHOSE bOG ARE CROWDED WITH DISASTER AND EVEN TRAGEDY. THE VES- 1
REL. WHU'H HAS BEEN IDL.B FOR SEVERAL, YEARS. IS BEING REPAIRED AND REFITTED AND HER RIG CHANGED
TO THAT OF A BARXENTINE. : j
ARCHITECTURAL. CLUB'S
EXHIBIT A GREAT SUCCESS
The islanders are a simple, good
natured, lovable people, with few, if
any, vices and they have been as de
lighted with San Francisco as children
with a circus.
In order to prevent these simple and .
honest people from _ falling into the j
snares of the Barbary Coast, Rev. H. j
M. Tenney, local secretary of the Amer
ican Board of Foreign Missions of the
Congregational church, has taken
charge of them and will pilot them
safely through the shoals and quick
sands of the strenuous life. Until they
shall sail for home they will be housed
on the bark Agate, which is lying in
Oakland Creek. i
Eight dark-skinned natives of th«
Caroline Islands imparted a picturesque
air yesterday to the United States Im
migrant Bureau. They had arrived in
this port as members of the crew of
the schooner Vine, which is engaged
as a trader in copra and shells among
the islands of the South Seas, and they
do not expect tc/ be reshipped for two
or three weeks yet. They are mem
bers cf the Congregational church and
were accompanied on the voyage hither
by Miss Jennie Olin, a missionary of
that church. She took them a day orr
two ago to the ClifT House and the
Chutes and they were delighted with
the treat. Said one of them who
speaks English well: "All I want now
is to go home and stay there the rest
of my life; I have seen ,the big world
and now I am satisfied. I do not
want to wander any more."
ALL ABE CHRISTIANS
?
Congregational Clergyman
Will Steer Them Clear
of the Barbary Coast
i Navy <1aim< the Torpedo.
: V. :..t»h.^i : --*ci caught by tr.r«*
• —rm irr their net cSf Point S*n Q-iefliia
""ueadaj was k-st by the naval submarine
> i At Rka while in emetics la that locality
I* ft Fnl_y. 11 was Larcsl^as, as the war
t.*»<l :.»d txren removed.
A a*.**! oCVcer risited laeiggs wharf early
• — •.Tlay raoraJR, claimed the torpedo and
frlghtCNf th* Ssiitrcnen there by telling them
:.*i ti* lto^» »aa luaded aad timed to ex
: <.* in tour hours, trace the report cf its
•l-fidly mraace to commerce."
Tb» delicate a,ad cotr^iicaifd machinery cf
• Wl Hi twill torrxdo. »£rn it la disehars*d
'.t--jx tt» tut*, is **x to drive It ahead at a
DM aarand d<-ath. Should it sink lo»er as it
•tar** <ti ft* course tfc* water pr*«eure act*
i<» tti horlxcctal rudders and turns the pro
fmeuim upward till It ir»it.w the required
depca acaia. Vertical rodders. rov»ni«il au
uti 1 .;'*]!!, prrvert the torpedo trora swerv
i:\- ;r:m tts rounf, hesce tbe tinerring aim
ct tt.<if. deadly navy destrorera. At tbe limit
r>£ »itr»Tfd C^Oanc* a torpedo will cent
to the nurTac*. but If tt rtrikes choal »it»r
tt fT3ua<is and tne little propellen whirl
k»«> !n» lTectually till tb-e ccisprejMed air is
Ouaser Je2«rj fresi Mare Island, in the
e*vai fag L'nadtUa, rwrtTday removed the
i rv>io t;> tae nary yard. The officer not
be'.Lt asihorixed to pay any reward for Its
r«(v»ry ra.v« A Ptcdpt for the delivery of the
n.arttac It ta ruraorsd that instead of |i>>
dM fUh<»reiea Ray «*t only $2<> reward for
r Cat As the torpedo is of the smaller
? i:<- it ts probably valu»-d by the Government
*t %ZZ<>/'i. and this would make ta^ award only
four-fifths of one per cent of its estimated
rmta*.
•
After a Ions and tragic career the
eld bark Hester, which dropped out of
comrrtrce some time ago. will come
Lack tu a. new lease of lire. The vessel
is being rerigged and repaired on
Puset Sound, and will return to active
service as a baxkentiae.
0 But whatever her form or rig. two
fr.Wder.ts :n the Hesper's life vrill fol
low her like a. shadow. In 1S99, while
bound from Tacorna to a China port,
she er>rar.g a leak in a gale oft the
ULdnme islands. A lumber cargo is
always a disabled ship's salvation, and
the ll'"?r#?r. filled to her rail, managed
t<. k v :fj» aSoat.
Tee watcr-loErged bark spread what
s«.ils the storm had spared her and
c t.-.a4e.for her destination. The wife of
Captain F. M. SodergTen was aboard.
and all hands lived in a tent on top of
The lumln-r deckload. Food was p"ro
1 -red frum a passing vessel and the
,;.>iM.-tl bark linally landed her cargo
aTiti en* at her port of destination.
In 1*33 a mutiny occurred on board
the H-?sper while she was bound from
Sydney ti> Honolulu. First Mate Fitz
jr-rald was ir.urdtred. and it was
planned to kill th.e captain, his wife
and the officers and take the bark to
KpBM out-of-tiie-'.va.y port. Sailor St.
Clair. the ringleader, was hanged in
s?an Qucztin for the crime.
Wrecked Ship Lamorna
Listed at Lloyds
as Missing.
Caroline Islanders Think
That San Francisco 1$
the Great Bound World
MARINERS FROM
SOUTHERN SEAS
OLD BARK HESPER, WHOSE HISTORY IS FILLED WITH
TRAGIC INTEREST, IS UNDERGOING RECONSTRUCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904.
7
S^t~i1*^. * r »*»a le»re aad ar« dai
/SJ^rrJT^y'jV to arrive at
fir^^Q^SAN FRANCISCQ.
\Jm^^!$^/ TxaaT Vxrvr
X S^C \jy (Toot «f Market Street >
i»at« - MAIN LINE. -aitti-
7 430a Vaeaviile. Wlalerv Raiaaer....... 7.S0*
-v 7 00a Bealcla, Elm'.raar.a 9aersa3«au>.. 7.20'
7 J0a Va4I*J« Kapv Cailstec*. Saata.
Roaa. MarUnex. Saa lurnan *.23»
7 -30a Ktles.Traej. Lataross St«ekteq.... 7-20*
UOaSBaiU Kipren— (Via Daf.»>.
WniJams (for BartleU 8jrlog»\
Wntowa, »F"ro:o. Ke4 BlnS.
Portland. Taeoma. SeatUe 7-58*
•4J0A Darl».T.owl:%i«d. Snljiu LAadtse.
MarysTtlle. Ctltco. OrovRle 7-53*
IJKU Port Coeta. Marttaes. Aatlocs.
Byron. Traer. Stoektoa, N"«»-
mu. Loe Baaae. Meaaeta,
Atbom, H»afarl. Vliatta,
PorterTflle 4.29*
BSOa Pert Coata. Modesto. Merc e i.
Treiao. Gea&aa Jaaectea. Haa-
forJ. Viiaiia. Baker* 3eld 4.5 3 »
U9A Kne*. Saa Joee. LiT«rmore. Stoei-
toa,(fMr.ton), loae. 3»or»3?ato,
yarytTtlle. Chiea. Red Bluff .... 4.29*
I-SOa Oai i»ie. Cblaese. Jameib)V3. 8e>
nora. Taolnatae aad AbksIs ..... 4-zu*
t.OCA AUaatleBx?reas— Oriea aad lass. 5 23*
t-30A Elehmoad. Marttnez aad Way
Statleae •-- S-SQl*
lOCOAThfl OTerlaad Lrmliei — i'tita.
Omaba. Chteaxo. Dent tr, Kaasa*
City, St. Louis 8 W»
IOCOa V»'.:-«o m 12.28*
1840a Lo* Ascelcs Paaaeagnr — Pert
Ceata. Martlaez. Byraa. Tracy.
Latarop. Bteektoa. Merced.
Kay rood. Preaao. Ceaaea J'lao-
ttoa, Haaford. Lentoore. TlsaUa,
Baker*9eld. Lee Anicl«s 7-ff*
1200m Haywird. KUee ta J War Station*. 3.20»
tl PO^ 9a«naieat0 River Steaagera- MJMm
i-SOf Beaieia. TTlater*. SaervaeateL
WoodUao, Wtilawa, Kala-ata
Laadtac MaiysTine. Or*»lUe
ud »r ituloii 1953%
3-30P Bsyward. 5Uea »ni Way StaUoaa.. 7-50*
4 COP Martlaei.saaP.sai >n.V»i:eJo,K»?a,
Callf««a,8«BUBoaa. fWA
4 J0«» Uiyward. KUea. Irrtactea. Saa I tS 534
Joee. LlTcnaore | 111.61*
l-COTho Owl Watted— Sevmaa. Los
* Baao*. Mcndoia. Tiasao. Talarx
Baker«Seld.LeaAagales. 8 58*
rS.30» Bsyward. Miet aad &aa Jots ..... 7.20a
100* Harward. Stie* aaJ Saa Jo**.. 9 50*
• OOPEaATn express— Of dea. Omaaa,
Caleas». Pearer. Kaaaaa CltT. '
St. LoaU. via Martiaex. Stocktoa.
Saeimmeata Ceifaz. Reno...... IZ-SOm
¦ .BOp Tatlejo. dally, ezeeat sanday i -, ...
7 Mr Yalltjo, anaday *n!> f ' 5 «*
7X0fKicamoad. Saa Pablo. Port Costa,
Marttaei aad Way SUtloaa 11.2QA
7-COp ReoD Pajaeajer— Port tot ta. 5 al-
•na. Elmlra. Dairja. riacrameattt
Trnckee. Lake Tanoe. Hea<\
m » _Toaopaa. Sparks 75Qa
• 05p Port Cotta, Martiaex. Byroa.
Tracy. Latarop. Mod as let
Merced, Bereala. Preta* aad
Way Bottom beyond Port Costa 12 2t3»
• C5p Totemlte Valley. Tta Bereada aad
Wawoas 8SCa
• XSp MarUaci. Tracy. StooV.on 1020a
• 06f» Oretea * Caltforala Expren— Sae>
rameate. MarycTSUe. K^Miai.
PortUoJ. Patfat SoaaU aad Kaat. 8-S0»
B.18P Baywtrd. SUea anU Saa Jute (aua-
<ayealy> . 11 -SO a
COAST LINE «.iair»w «aa«ej.
| (Foot of M.tritct S:r*«t->
7-*6a t*aaUCruiE«cQr»!on(Saa«J»7ca!y) 813»
B-15a Newark. Oeater*t*Ie. Saa '• n«.
Feltaa. BonlderCre«k. Cte Basia.
Saota Cms ami Way Sutleaa... B-81»
tl-15* Alrarado. Newark. Ssa Jose. Loe
Gatos,G1eawvod, Feltoa. Boulder
Creek. D!j B«i!s. ?.ia:» Crux.... t 10*
T2 ISp Hewara. Ceatervllle. Saa Jose,
Kew Almadea.l.os 6ato«.7e!toa.
Boa!d?r Cr»-lt. Santa Croi aad
Pr'aelpal Way Stations 13 SS4
4 16p Newark. «aa Jose. Loe Catoa t8-lf A
4.1SP Wright. Boulilrr Crr-S and Mnta
Cruz. Satanlar taJ Saaila.7 oBiy. *855»
COAST LINE <Oroa4 t.aaxe). *"
Cfr'nlrl »n-J t.»wn»»n<t Streets.)
6.10a sail Jot* «Dti WayStat!oat . 8 33*
t7 00a S«a Jose aad W*y 6-40*
7.15a Moaterey aad Saata Cp» Excar-
¦toa (Saatlay oaly) 10 30"
8 00a New Almadea < Tut j.. Frld-. oaly). 4-10*
• COaTU* Coaster— Saa Josr. SaU&aa.
8aa Ardo, Paso EuMc*. Santa
Margarita. Ssa Lois obtvpo.3aata
Barbara. Saa BBeaaveatnra.
MoBtalTo, Oxaard, Bardaak. Los
Ao»«le» 1045»
§JSOa Gliroy. HoItUter. CaatraTllle. J>el
Maate. Pad lie Grove, Barf. Lota-
P«e 104S»
t.OOA *«o Jose. Tres Piaot . Watson -rllle.
Ctpftota. Saata Crux. P«iel2«
Gro*e. Sattaaa Saa Lais Obfspo
aad Prln •!;>¦». «•? Station*. ... 4-13»
1040a Saa Jeae aad Way Stattoaa. 1.23*
1140a Saata CUrs. Saa Joae. Lea Gaxee
sad War StAtieas 7.50»
14Cp&aa Jose aad Way JUttons I Ma
tJCCpDel Moate Express (eteept Sua-
day) — Saata Ctara, t>an ioee,
WataQBTille. Saata Cruz. Dei
Hoate, MoaUrer. Paetftc Gnrre. »12 15»
J-IOp BurltBcame, Saa Jo«e. GUrny. Hot-
Uater. rre» PUo».P»j»r j. Watsoa-
»i::e. Canttola, Santa Crax. C»«-
troT'llt. S»::Da«. Picide Grore... 19 45«
4.3CP a aa Joae aad Way Stations t3 CO*
tS OOP aaata Clara. Joae. Loa (. t to».
Vr rtjBS on I prtaetpat Way s;*-
de*a<eie«7t Sanday)..' rS-SQA
I530p basJoseaibiPrtaelpalVrayStatloaa 19404
& 4e> buc.et ELzprwa.—lUdwood. Saa
Joae. GHror^aUaas, Paso Koblee.
Saa Lota Obtspo. Saata Barbara.
Loa Aaselcs. Demlac. *« P»*o.
/ Mew Oricaaa. New Tork 7-iflA
M5p rajaro. Wauoarille. Cap'^ola, 1 ,--„,.
Saata Crai. Caarromie. Del >•]?•*?•
Monte, Pacifle Grore T 10-45*
tS.1SP fraaMateo,Bereaford.B«tmoat.Saa
Carlo*, ilmfwoorf, fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto f$.4f»
8 30p 6aa Jote and Way 3s»tJoa».. ....... J M*
8 COp Palo Alto aad Way Sutioaa. 10.11*
11 40p tfoatt Saarraaclsco, MOUru. Bay
Uarwae, Saa Mateo. BelmoaS,
baa Carles, Beawooa). 7 tlr Oaka.
Menlo park, aad Pal* Alto &4S»
•11. SOp Mayaebt. MooataJa View, ftaaay-
faie, Lawreaee. Ssata Clara aad
aaJ— t9.43»
A for Moral ax. P for Afteraooa. *
t laada* exetpted. t Baaday onl r
fc BatardAj oaly. * Moaday oalr-
|Bi«pe M all tuttoms «• loadar.
¦'" To S AN RAF AEL
ROSS VAU1.T,
HUL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via SaosaUto Pexxy
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUCZ.
Depart frero 6aa Fraacww, week daya, at
«:30, T:lft ">•**. I*- 30 * B:i3 » 1° : W>. 11:00 a. in.
(11:40 a. m. JJaaaaUto onlr>. 12:20. l:«w 3O3.
400 4:3», «:!». »:«>. »:2». 7:1* •**>. 1»^>
11-03 p m. Sundays and lesal holidays depart
al l&iittSL »:30. »:I3. 10:OU: U:t». 14.40
Jfm. l2:20 t l:0U, 1:43, 8:30, 3:13. 4:W. 4:33.
S "ArrtT» at Saa FrancJaeo. week daya. «a7.
7:00 7:35, 8:13. 3:4* 9^3. 10:20. 11:64 ». „;*
l-:O3, 1.-25. 2:80; 3:33. 4^0. »:«5. i.tQ, « : jY
«;35, 7:65 It>:tt3. 11:23 p. en. On oundays ard
Wgal he lldays extra traisa arrive at 12:45, 2;UJ
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. ml
9:13 p. bv O» Sundays and Itfal holldaya B t
?:4*. »;13. W:00, UU» a. m.. l5:20. i:W. !;«
** "*" " THROUGH TRAINS. ,. :
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero aad way statlo .
9:13 a. in. Sundays only— For Point Be?«a.
etc - , - . - • >• '
3:13 p. in. daily except Sunday— Far Cams.
dcro. ete.
TICKET^JFFICE — «2« Market st. *^
. FERRT— Union Depot, foot ot Ma«>H tt.
APTKKTISKMJE>TS. ¦ -
Let Your Husband Carry the Hod
-r- the Coal hod. Xte no
occupation for, a tRumano
Gas CooMog^ 1 ® &Y ) :: j
60 per cent yWSSl
cheaper flianccyalr— warn
BvyaGasfiangcFrom =^^^ f
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
* "f«s post street: •
'4 california §(
Sliiyiited to Chicago!
] IEAYES MGROATS tad THUHSD1TS ||
fat O:.tO a. m., through ta 3 d>7*.B
Jwiti. diaer ana all trapping*. P3
Other Saata Pe Trains:
, 7:30 a. m-1 for g tocfcton# Fresno. BaSfersfleld.
i Slf-O p. Si j Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
¦ 4 :©O p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. =j. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon an.l
Chlcaxo.
! TICKET OrriCES— €41 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. T. Also 1113 Bread-
way. Oakland. CaJL 97 Souta Ptrat St,
San Jose
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
BAH. WAY COMPASTT.
j TiDnroa Perry. Poot ot Mariet Street.
i BAH 7BAHCXSCO TO BAH BATAEXt.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:CO. 9:00 U:0O a. niu.
• 12:33. 2:30. 3:40. a:10. 5:30. 4:30 aad 11:3»
' p. m. •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:C0. 9:30. ll:U),a, a., 1:30,
i 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:30. 11:30 p. m.
! SAN BAPAEi TO SAS PBAJTCTSCO.
: WEEK DAYS— 0:05. 6:80. 7:33. 7:50, »:TO-
I 1J:13 a. CO.. 12:30. t2:00. 3:40. »:C0. 8:20.
I 6:25 p. m. .
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
1 BUNDAY3— «:3O. 7:33 8:20. 11:15 a. m.. 1:45,
i 3:40 *:50. 5:CO. 5:20. 6:25, 7:30 p. m.
I tEacept Saturdays.
¦ Leave • In Effeet I Arrive
. San Fran. ( May 1. 1904. { San Fran.
\ Week I Sun- I. UeaUna- I Soa- t Week
I Days. I days. | Uon. | day, f Days.
!"" '¦ 7:30 a! 7:43 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:M}a! 8:40 a S:40a
. 8:0O a •:30a| Uhoj-Io. 10:20 a 10:20 a
i S:SWp 2:30 pi «:00p 0:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 pj 6:20 p 7:23 p
I 7:23 p|
j I 8:45 pi
1 7:30 at 7:30 a 7:43 aj 7:45 a
8:0Oa! 8:0O a Novato. 10:2Oa|lO:2O a
2:3Opi9:3Oa Petalunja fi:20 pi 8:2t> p
! 5:10 pi 2:30 p aad . T:2*pj7:23p
i [ 5:10 p Santa Rosa 8:45 p[
; 7:30 a? 7:30 a 10:20 ajlO:2O a
i 8:00 a S;00 a lAilfoa.- 7:23p G:20p
! 2;3Op| 2:30 p 8:45 p| 7:25 p
I " Windsor. j I
I 7:30 a 7:30 a Heal.S>burs- 10:20 a, 10:20 a
, Lyttcn-
' 2:30p S:30p Gey»?rvllle. 7:2Sp{7:23p
j Cloverdale. |
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland |l0:»a!10:2Oa
i 2:30 p! 2:30 p| and tJktah. I 7:25 pf 7:25 p
I j ] wlnits. j i
j 7:30 af 7:30 a( Sherwood. f 7:23 p| 7:25 p
i 8:C0a! 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
i 2:30 p! 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 0:20 p
' S:00al 8:€Oa( 8:40a 8:40a
i 5:10 p! 8:30 a Sonoma. ¦ 6:C0 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p{ Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
! 7:30 al 7:30 at ~~ 110:20 ajlO:2O a
! 2:30 p( 2:30 p| EebastopoL (7:25p|e:2Op
! STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Wnlte
i Sulphur Sprints and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton (or Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lyttcn Springs: at Geystrville for flka?rs
Springs; at Cloverdale for to* Geysers. Bccuc-
vllle ar,d Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Kelaeyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lftkrport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy feprtnga. Saratoga
. Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
; Sprlnss. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Hurley's, Bucknell'a.
Sanhednn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
! Springs. Halfway Hou.«e. Comptche. Cansp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
. Weatport. L'sal; at Wlltlta for Fort Brags.
Westport, Sherwcod, Cahto. Corelo, Layton-
' ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Otseaa.
Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
< Saturday to Monday roand-trtp tickets at r+-
' duced rates.
: On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to an point*
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
• Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Cstonlde
butldina;.
• JAS. L. FBAZfER. R. X. RTAN.
! Gen. ilacager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
j ¦ 1 1 1 1
I Mt. Tamalpais Railway
' L«av« TW kauliu Tvrti ArrlTa
' g*a Fraoctaoo Feet tf UxM H. Ban Tmadacm
Weak { San- *&L Snt»- Wa^t*.
Day*- ««T3. J^mmK _<JiZ^_ _Dara.
i .."raoA (E?*epefa »fc«rr &*«*
! 10:00a BfeHMB 2:0c r 11:01*
10*0 a 1 1.00 a 3.35 r 3:35 r
i 1-45 r 12:20 r 8:40 r 6:1 it
' l:liri l;4Sr X^f 6:13 r 10:0*1
! , 4iMr1 ¦•'%f 8^0 H
•TlatrwKyCaT. Y Tsm^M. U WO UBtf.
ncxar )«2S UAKKrrST.(NadanhonBa41roa4i
Omcxu land sacs auto f*K*T. foot iUsktt S*,
Eligible to Be Police lieutenants.
The Civil Service Commission yes-
terday issued the following list of ell-
ffiblea for police lieutenants, six of
whom will be appointed at the next
meeting of the Police Commission:
John H. Laekmann, Eugene R.
Wai}, Michael Carroll. Marcus Ander-
son, Frederick P. Green. Herbert J.
Wright, Thomaa I* Tobin. William J.
ilul lender, John M. Lewis, Henry J.
O'Day, Patrick Shea, William E.
Dinan, J. H. Helms, David W. Boyd,
John T. Fitzhenry, Daniel a. Syives- I
ter, James H. Anderson, John R.
O'Connor, Shadrick Campbell, Clar-
ence Coogan. Richard BldwelL
* _ _ _+
FREE FREE -FREE
TOBOGGAN —
. MAPLE
— SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable '
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
j _ _. - RAILWAY TRA VEX. -
jiCTraaa. Up* j& f|)^ |m3 u^^L Mi **
BB^** AND RETURN il
MB Rojind-trip tickets on sale on certain dates via V|
mm the Chicago, Union Pacific and North-Western BB
1 Line from Saa Francisco. Los Angeles and other i||
Bi California points. Two fast trains daily, includ- Hj|
Hit ing the famous electric-lighted Overland Limited, jfjj
mm solid through train, less than three days to mm
Wft Chicago, over the only double-track railway MM
Wa from the Missouri River to Chicago. MM
iSk choice of routes RETURNING VIA ST. LOUIS if d^M
permitting vbit to the Louisiana Purchase Expositior^/r^
1B^@W Free iaforBarian, Nooifet*. mipt, tise schedale*. sleepisg cu, J&£*
J77^*%> resepritioni. tickets, etc.. on appl*r»tioa. J^rJSiiyfrJir^.
J^Fi^st^SSi I. IL tITCHIE. Cei'l igt PacISc Coast. :. « d.-W. »».-
617 Mjrket Sfttet, Palact Hotsl."Oh!"
"M'hm! Well, as it happened. I was going out myself. It was the
evening of my card club and I didn't really mfcid his going, too. though,
of course,' I told him not to stay late."
"Yes. Well?"
"I reached home at 12:30 and found, to my horror, that he hadn't
come 'yet. The truth is that I had let both our maids go to an affair
and "
"But I thought he had told you never to do that."
"He did. But a man's place is at home with his wife, anyhow. Be
sides, I knew that even if he found out that I had done it he would only
scold a little, while if I refused to let Jane go she would probably leave
and coax Alma to give warning, too."
"Oh, I never thought of that!"
"No, dear, they don't seem to teach girls how to be wives and house
keepers at Vassar. When I found that Fred hadn't returned yet I was
awfully frightened. Grace and Jack brought me home, but they were so
anxious to get off and begin to quarrel about the way she trumped his
ace and how he frowned At her publicly for it that they slipped away as
soon as my key turned in the lock. And there I was. alone in that biff
house at nearly 1 o'clock, and my lawful protector at his club playing
poker!"
"It certainly was not a very pleasant experience."
"It was not at all pleasant, and I waited an hour and a half, gettin*
madder all the time. The worst of it was that I knew he'd meet my re
proaches with the story of the Western man and the promise of the new
fall gown."
"Well, didn't you want a new "
"My dear, I meant to get the gown anyhow. A man cant let his wife
wear rags. At 2:30 I heard him coming up the street with that horrid
Mr. Nobson, and I Just deteremlned to give him a fright. I turned down
the gas and slipped into the little closet under the stairs where we keep
the coats. Then I waited, with the door opened about an inch, to hear
what he would say when he found the house empty and the woman he had
promised to love and cherish probably robbed and murdered."
"What did he do?" asked the other, breathlessly.
"He hunted all over the house, then he went out and called to Mr.
Nobson, who had stopped to light a cigar: 'I say, old man, I'm in luck;
she isn't home yet! Let's go back to the club for an hour, and I'll tell
her I got home at 11:30 and the house was so lonely without her that I
took a stroll through the park to pass the time.' And then the two .of
them walked away laughing."
"Well, you had the satisfaction of telling him all about It at the
breakfast table this morning, anyhow," suggested her friends.
"Yes, I had; and that's why I am out shopping now," Mrs. Fred said
grimly.— r New York Pres.
•7- HEY met at the remnant counter in one of the big dry goods shops.
O* "You look sort of haggard to-day, dear." said the taller of the two
sympathetically. "Didn't you sleep well last night?"
.'¦Urn- no." was the reply. "I— well, you see, Fred went to his
club right after dinner and I knew he meant to stay pretty late, because
he told me so carefully that he expected to meet a Western »an
whom he hoped to do a nice little stroke of business. He also unneces
sarily mentioned the fact that I should have the prettiest new fall gown
In N6w York if he succeeded."
WHY MRS. FRED WAS OUT SHOPPING
THE NEW FURS.
Brown is to be the color In furs this season — old fashioned reddish
brown. The new fur. yeda (unborn calf) Is talked much of. Jackets
and entire suits are to be made of this.
Then there Is a revival of mink — the small Eastern mink, -which Is
almost as rich as sable and nearly as costly. Sable in Its darkest tones
Is again to come to the fore.
Ermine will be used in combination with- those dark furs and the
furriers tell us mole will, be in .favor.
':'.'-.' PLATD SILKS FOR WAISTS.
Very pretty things are to be found in plaid silks for winter waists.
There are different combinations of blue and green, with lines of red
and yellow running through them, as well as red plaids. There is the
greatest variety in the taffeta, but there are also pretty designs In the
louisines, which are softer and more serviceable for a waist for general
wear.
LATEST CONCERNING HATS.
A pretty hat in the colors of the season ia a toque or turban, deep
brown, with the edge formed of rosettes of orange velvet set into other
rosettes of brown silk.
Olive is rivaling many newer colors.
Coque pompons are good on all shapes.
Narrow ribbon quillings are often massed.
* One whole hat is formed of petals made of ribbon.
Many, call the warm cinnamon brown olgnon brule. \
Mushroom brims support some hats with high crowns.
Broad silk ruches match the hat, being lined with another color.
Fine tangerine chenille adorns a tulle toque in cream and gold.
Many a black hat is simply trimmed with a stunning white plume.
GOLD BEADS IN FAVOR.
Gold beads have acquired a great popularity among young girls,
and black velvet neck bands are deemed an essential finish for all
slightly decollete bodices. The black emphasizes the slenderness. grace
and whiteness of a throat and even the sunburned young woman thinks
it adds to her feminine charms — certainly It doesn't detract from them
if she has any kind of a throat.
SANDWICHES OF CREME DE MENTHE.
These are a fine accompaniment for cold lamb. Steep two table
spoonfuls of mint leaves In a little cold water, strain and add the in
fusion to one pint of whipped cream; season with salt and pepper and
add half an ounce of gelatine softened in a tablespoonful of cold wa
ter and dissolved over hot water. Cool in a square mold and \*hen solid
cut in thin slices and place between similar sized pieces of rye bread.
SUGAR AND BUTTER POINTERS.
Granulated sugar is better than powdered sugar for cake. It is
purer and makes a lighter cake. Even though the best materials are
used a cake can easily be spoiled If Hhe butter and sugar are not
beaten to a light, even cream. If the bowl is a little warm and the but
ter ~is reduced to a soft, even consistency the work Is lightened, but on
no account should the butter be melted.
When baking a cake there should be a strong body of fire, but the
heat should be turned off enough to make the oven only moderately
hot. The cake should rise to the top of the pan before it browns and
care must be taken that it does not fall, as it will if the oven door is
suddenly opened so that a draft reaches it.
Unlike old Rip Van Winkle, Oakland awakened from its long
sleep, only to drop off again . into ' a trance on the day . of the bond
election. mBBBBBL .,
to the British - Museum',' Is a favorite
place of residence with actors, Anthony
Hope's neighbors there including
Forbes Robertson and his American
wife, Gertrude Elliott; Weedon Gros
smith, Florence St. John and Seymour
Hicks. r};:v
Alfred Austin, the • poet laureate,
who has been paying visits in Ireland
of late, has gone to Switzerland, where
Mrs. Austin is' staying. . >', '.
The cominsr dinner in London to the
memory of Cervantes promises to. be
a . literary event \ of unusual interest.
The tercentenary of the publication of
"Don Quixote"— to be celebrated in Ma
drid with so much eclat— takes place
in January, 1905, and the London gath
ering will be held during that month.
John Morley is to take the chair at
the dinner,, at. which speeches will- be
made by the leading Cervantists in
England, who. include Major Martin
Hume, Frederick Harrison, Fitzmaurice
Kelly and Cunningham Graham.
Those who remember Baring Gould's
novel "Mehalah" may be interested to
hear thait the original of its heroine's
father, an old ferryman named William
Baker, has just died at Brightlingsea.
Baker lived in a barge, which ¦ was
known as Noah's Ark, .because. of. the
number of animals he kept on board.
His wife, who was the original of Mrs.
Witting in the same novel, died on the
barge four years ago.
1 Miss Beatrice Harraden was among
the guests at the luncheon given at
Curiosity and Interest.
If you would have' friends, advises
the Chicago Journal, be interested in
them. • ' '"'¦:'}"'¦ X'^-l >
'. There is a difference between inter
est and Never be curious.
Interest, asks nothing, but is glad of
others' jpys and sorry for others* mis
fortunes. Curiosity seeks to find more
than is written on the surface,
it for the ; purpose of distribution, for
innocent- slander.
¦ One's ' friends like one to be inter
ested. They detest • one who is curi
ous. N ¦"', ' :
.To be interested In those one meets
needs but to wish them well.
% To see, the best of those about us
will cause us to wish them well.
¦¦¦¦ To our well wishers we pour out our
joys and sorrows. They are interested.
They understand. '
The Exchange Habit.
. He — Would you have me as a wed
ding present. ¦ '
She— L'm afraid I couldn't exchange
you. — Providence Telegram.
• ¦ ¦ • «•
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has said: "The, standard of liv
ing of our wage earners is higher than that of any other country
and it cannot so remain unless we have a protective tariff which
shall always keep as a minimum a rate of duty sufficient to cover
the difference between the labor cost here and abroad. Those who,
like our opponents, 'denounce protection as a robbery' thereby ex
plicitly commit themselves to the proposition that if they were to
revise the tariff no heed would be paid to the necessity of meeting
this difference between the standards of living for wage earners here
and in other countries."
These words of Roosevelt, set forth in his delineation of cam
paign issues at the time of his acceptance of the nomination, define
one of the principles upon which protection rests its case. The
Republican policy of a protective tariff can point for its justification
to the recced of wages alone in th« general manifestations of our
eight years of fatness. The census of 1900 revealed the fact that
the total of wages paid that year amounted to $2,330,578,010, nearly
one-sixth of- the total value of the product of manufacture. In no
previous census year has the amount of the wage throughout the
country in any degree approximated that of 1900, nor has it been in
so high a ratio to the net results of manufacture.
The British Tariff Commission now endeavoring to get at the
root of the distress of labor in Great Britain has found that in the
steel and iron industries free trade has wrought so disastrously in
competition with American and German protection that those ar
tisans in the mills who have been fortunate enough not to be dis
charged through lack of work are, many of them, working on re
duced time, with a wage corresponding. As opposed to this state
of affairs, *in one industry only, where free trade strikes a direct
blow at the wage earner, the record of protection in- our own coun
try offers itself — a proof made manifest without argument.
The value of our domestic exports for 1896, the last year of the
four of free trade, was $863,200,487; we imported goods to the total
value of $779,724,67^. For the first year of protective tariff, 1897, the
following figures speak: Exports, $1,032,007,603; imports, $764,730,
412.. For the year just ended with June 30 last the world stands in
our debt to the amount of over $444,000,000, our exports passing by
that sian the value of imports and registering $1,435,151,285 to the
credit of the protective system. Of the value of our exports for
the last year $450,000,000 represents the output of factories, where
the wage earner feels directly the fluctuations in the balance of
trade. Ten years ago, under the administration of Grover Cleveland,
the export of manufactured products was $184,000,000, 21 per cent
of the entire export; for the last year our manufactured material
shipped abroad aggregated 33 per cent of our entire foreign sales.
Truly does President Roosevelt strike the right note when. he
says that continued protective tariff makes for continued high wages.
With the products of our mills and forges, yearly forming one-third
of the total export, and 'with the balance of trade comfortably on our
side, four more years of protection would not seem to be the ter
rible catastrophe that the builders of Democratic cyclone cellars
predict. ¦ - . ',
FASHIONS AND HOUSEHOLD HINTS
Anthony Hope, now a proud father,
says that "we" haven't decided yet
what name his baby daughter shall be
given, and he only smiled wisely when
"Dolly," "Flavia" and were
suggested. Miss Hawkins was born
at the house in Bedford Square Into
which the_ novelist moved with his
American wife, soon after their mar
riage. For . years before getting into
"double harness" Mr. Hawkins had
bachelor chambers In the Savoy man
sions, Just off the Strand, in which he
was often to be encountered. Bedford
Square, which is in Bloomsbury, close
¦ ONDON, Sept. 5.— Mrs. Craigie
I (John Oliver Hobbes) is rather
distressed about a report that has
going the rounds as to the
appointments of her literary workshop
at St. Lawrence. According to the
Etory the authoress' studio was lit by
electric lights placed inside human
skulls, but Mrs. Craigie says this is
absolutely untrue. She writes some
what sarcastically: "It may be difficult
sometimes to feel any respect for the
living,' but reverence Is certainly due
to the dead, and the employment of
human remains as a house decoration
seems to me a most distressing form
of bad taste." Mrs. Craigie is now in
the Isle of Wight.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
PROTECTION AND "THE WAGE EARNER.
the Ladles' Lyceum Club— founded by
Miss Constance: Smedley— in honor of
Miss Laura Gill, dean or Barnard Col
lege; Miss Willcox of Brynmawr, and
Miss Hazard, president of Wellesley
College.
Human Remains Decorate Her Studio?
Oh! No; Emphatically Says Mrs. Craigie
The habits formed In the child are the strongest habits of life. They
are the hardest to break and the most far-reaching in their results,
Teach a child to He— teach the man to lie. \ ,\l.i,
Teach a child to deceive— teach the man or woman to decelv*.
Teach the child to cheat— teach the man to cheat. ~J ~*
"Be honest." •' »• »
There is no better word of parting. There is nothing more conducive to
straight, clean school life than the 'thought in the child that mother be
lieves he Is honest, mother wants him to be honest above all things, even
above grades themselves.
So when the little one leaves the home for the school life, call after
him, "Be honest." That is enough.
IF you're licked at school, you'll catch it at home!"
"If your grades are highest in the class I'll pay yon for it."
These are a few of the parting word3 that parents give their chil
dren on their first day at school. Do the parents realize what these part-
Ing words may mean to the child? asks a writer in the Plttsburg Press.
How many times is the child told, "Be honest." "Do your own work."
"Be honest."
If every child were sent away from home with those two words ringing
in his ears many of the rough places wonld be smoothed for both mother,
child and teacher.
"If you're licked at school !"
What will be the effect of such a parting? If the child is punished he
will conceal it from the parents, fearing a repetition of the punishment. So
his own parents have taught him to deceive. If he Is asked at home if he
has been punished, nine chances out of ten he will tell a lie about it. His
own parents have thus taught him to lie.
Consider the other warnings as the child steps from the home door: "I'll
pay you if your grades are high.'.'
Nothing the parent could say would so Inspire a child with a false
idea of what he goes to school for. The child is sent to school to learn, not
to get high grades. The grades are the effect' rather than the cause.
What is the result of paying a child for high grades? If he <Jpesn*t
know what to say when examination time comes he will be so eager to get
the high grade that he will be tempted to peep on some one's paper or to
open a book. His own parent may be making him a cheat.
TEACH YOUR CHILD TO BE HONEST
'yHE census of 1880 showed that 21,000,000 of our people were
1 engaged in gainful occupations. The census of 1900 shows an
*¦ increase to 29,073,233. No account is taken in either enumer
ation of women and children occupied at home. Yet they are really
a part of the gain-making population.
Between 1880 and 1900 those engaged in commercial pursuits
increased 38 per. cent; in the professions 108 per cent; domestic and
personal service 63 per cent; trade and transportation 150 per cent;
manufactures and mechanical pursuits 89 per cent. The number
ot women engaged in gainful occupations increased 100 per cent;
of men 61 per cent. Going to special classes, actors and showmen
increased 367 per cent, and architects, designers and draughtsmen
360 per cent. This implies an increase in the demand for amuse
ment?, and a vast expansion in building and construction. The
number of clergymen increased 73 per cent, and of "dentists 140 per
cent.
In the same period the number engaged in agricultural pursuits
decreased 10 per cent. This is the only decrease. Yet the output of
agricultural products increased, keeping pace with the home demand
and furnishing the largest part of our exports from" its surplus. This
means that the introduction of labor-aiding machinery on the- farms
has made" manual labor less necessary, and it is declining in the
exact proportion in which implementary substitutes displace it. This
may be held also to account in part for the increase in city population,
which is recruited from the labor that is displaced on the farms. In
one aspect this lapse is not agreeable to the economist. But the ten
dency is to replace manual by mechanical force wherever possible.
¦The skilled trades have undergone that experience and have swung
:o a balance, and agriculture must do the same. In the same twenty
years our population increased 52tper cent and our national wealth
123 per cent.
The census returns appear to nullify some popular ideas. It
lias been supposed that the advent of the commercial trusts had de
stroyed competition and decreased the number engaged in commer
cial pursuits. But the census shows- that commercial travelers in
creased 228 per cent, and the number of merchants 7$ percent. As
this increase is greater than that of population, the popular idea
seems to be an error. The 10 per cent decrease in farm population
is,, easily absorbed in the many expanding occupations to which it
would readily resort. Street railway employes increased 520 per
cent and steam railway 146. Whether there has been an increase
in the area of farm lands and the number of farms is not given
in these statistics. Naturally there is a gain in both. The greatest
expansion is naturally in electrical and civil engineering, which in
creased 1037 per cent.
The increase in individual wealth calling for the products of art
has caused an increase in artists of 173 per cent, and in the literary
pursuits of 507 per cent, and in journalists of 144 per cent. This
proves the increase in the reading habits of the people, and the
patronage of art. Xo like increase in twenty years is known in the
history of any other nation. It could not be foreseen twenty years
ago.
Xow that statistical science gives us the accurate data of past
development, foresight has a base line from which to measure the
future. The nation has not reached the angle of repose. It must go
forward and the impetus is apparently unspent. The task of the seer
is to detect in present conditions the points of future expansion.
"What vocation will be most in demand in the two decades to come?
If in 1880 it could have been foreseen that electricity would so
develop as a dynamic and economic fprce, the men trained for that
service would have commanded the market and their price. In 1880
electricity was yet in the laboratory stage, for the most part, except
in telegraphy. Xow it is the agent in illumination, in transmission
of speech, in transportation, and in manufacturing power. In the
two decades to come it will easily appear in domestic economy as a
heater, and will be in the field of antiseptics and therape'utics to a
much greater extent than now.
It is probable that economic chemistry will see the greatest
development in the future. The world must have an annual crop
from which to make paper, in the place of the trees 'now used, which
are being rapidly destroyed by the printing press. Chemistry di
gested the wood fiber and made paper pulp possible. Will it find
an annual crop and digest its stems and silicates, and make of it
;japer stock? If so, a transfer of an industry will occur that will
occupy *u larger -force of men in production and transmutation.
THE NATION'S WORKERS.
'? Sweet Girl Graduates'."
Miss Wellsly— Yes, ; I -, was graduated
last -fall,, and do .you know,', when I said
good-by .to my old 'college chums I was
awfully affected; \; ; '.¦; ¦ ¦;/ '-. . ;
\ aiissiyassarrfl'm sure" you must have
been. ;^. You .^always :. were, ; don't you
know! •••:• ' ¦ - * v : .. ¦ '••.-',.
The giraffe Is the only animal which
Is unable to swim. This is on account
of its long neck. Every other animal
can, if put to it, manage to keep itself
afloat.
Giraffe No Swimmer.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal«
iforaia street. Telephone Mala 1012. *
Townsend'a California Glace fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 71S Market St.*
Certainly.
Katherlne ; — ' . Corporations - - have - no
souls. :-; ";: ?i ;: ; "}i'' : /;C>v'i*r'; '¦:*¦: i ¦ r ~ :'H;'
• Kldder^-Qh! .1 dori'tkriow.how'about
the • "shoe".- trust" ?-. : -y- : . ••-.-• • >•••¦'•
Editor of the Weekly" Boonilet— Yes,'
I phoned you, Doc. I've been very, low
spirited lately. What • do you ' suppose'
Doctor Wiseguye— Poor circulation,' I
Cause and Effect-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29; 1905.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX Mcy AU GHT . . . .' Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS.' SAJT FRANCISCO
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 29. 1904
"WILL IT BE 1872 OVER AGAIN?"
Judge Parker Views a -Picture That Grozvs Larger as -the Campaign. Progresses.
8Juc"ge John Garber yesterday pre
eented to Judge Coffey his final ac
count and petition for settlement of
the $72,000 estate of his aunt, Cor
dflia Baldwin Stanley. A complex
point of law was involved in the set
tlement. The estate was divided into
five parts, one of which was given to
Judge Garber in trust, the Interest to
be paid to his sister in the East, Mrs.
Davis, and after her death the prin
cipal was to go to her son. The son
died before the testator and the point
lor Judge Coffey to decide was
whether the trust estate, on its ter
mination, should feed the residuum
arid be divided among the heirs at law,
or whether it should be confined in its
division to the legatees in the will.
Jv.dge Coffey decided that the fifth
share in question should go into the
rrFiduum for the legatees, and the
rr-tate was ordered distributed.
Stanley Estate Settled-
BENEFIT FOR FATHER YORKE.— There
will be a barn dance and social evening at
3036 Twenty-second street on, Saturday night
the funds to be for the . benefit of Father
Yorke's Church and Sunday, school In Oak
land. His old . friends and -parishioners will
be present in large numbers/ " '
A public test was made yesterday
afternoon on Market, Eddy and other
Etreets of a new street cleaning ma
chine, the agents for which are en
deavoring to induce the city officials
to make use of it on the city streets.
It consists of a large tank wagon, Into
which water is forced by the ordinary
hydrant pressure. The owners of the
device claim that it cleans the streets,
sprinkles them and flushes the sewers
The fault found with it is that it
washes all the dirt Into the sewers.
The test was witnessed by a number
of cit" officials and members of the
Merchants' Association.
Street Cleaner Is Tested.
Until October 13 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets from San Francisco to
Yosemite Valley for $25 90.
This ..round trip includes all the fa
mous sights, the big trees, the stupen
dous cliffs and the great waterfalls.
Reports from the Valley are it is. unu
sually beautiful and attractive. Now is
the time to go, just after the rain.
Hundreds of people are now going. Daily
stages from Merced connect with Santa
Fe morning trains from San Francisco.
Full information and folder at 641
Market street, Santa Fe office. •
Reduced Rates Via the Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Separate answers to the suit of
Stephen Otis to collect a judgment of
$1657 60 from John A. Walls were
filed yesterday by Emma G. "Walls,
John A. Walls and the Central Grain
and Stock Exchange. In December,
1896. Walls, chief clerk of the Stock
Exchange, grave Otis his note for
$1077 76 involving 1 a stock deal. Otis
sued and got judgment, though Walls
pleaded that It was a gambling debt.
When attempt was made to collect it
was found that Walls had no prop
erty. Mrs. Walls, however, was the
owner of 618 shares of stock in the
Central Exchange, which was given
her by Its president, W. E. Baines.
Since May, 1900, when the gift was
made, Mrs. Walls has received $41,
000 in dividends on the securities.
Otis got permission from the court
to .sue Mrs. Walla, alleging that the
stock had been issued in her name in
her husband's interest and in order to
defraud his creditors. The defend
ants all deny this allegation and say
that Mrs. Walls is the separate owner
of the stock and Its profits. Walls ad
mits that his wife paid nothing for her
holdings. He says he has nothing to
do with the shares or the money and
only receives $250 a month salary in
his position.
Walls also charges that the Judg
ment against him, rendered in Depart
ment 12 of the Superior Court, Is
fraudulent because the court arbitrar
ily struck out his answer and refused
to hear his witnesses. He says, too,
"that in furtherance of its determina
tion to deprive him of a fair trial, the
court refused to allow his bills of ex
ceptions and a statement of the' case
on appeal. He asks that the judgment
be vacated.
Deny Stephen Otis' Charges of Fraud
and Oast Reflections on Honor
of Court.
STOCK BROKER .WAUbS
AX1> WIFE FTLE ANSWER
Will Prefer Charges jNext
Weel^Before Mayor to Im
. pugji Def piidant's Morals
Attorney George E). Collins is. taking
advantage of all legal methods" to re
"mo.ve from office Police, Commissioner H.
W. Hutton, "special i.Chief of" Police for
1129 Dupont • street," - now that Hutton
has been adjudged guilty of 1 contempt
of court by .Judge Cook for violating
the injunction to restrain the police
from Interfering with ' the restaurant
business'.of Jean.Pon arid fined 5100 -fox
the' contempt. : ,' ' ; v?/v ¦*. ' '¦
Yesterday Collins; appeared before
•Presiding Judge Lawlor:' and, procured
from .the Judge. an order. citing'Huttori
to appear bef orje,' him on,- October 6 • to
answer the accusation, filed against him
on Tuesday . afternQop ":for :* instructing
Policeipen Barryoan>i,"Fennell,-.^ arrest
Mary puran" onyJujiie.;? after she had
left Pon's rejsta&t&sit.*. The .accusation,
is madfe. nndgr -ie.Qt.iQni.7i2 of j the Penal
Code, Which '-gives' t|ie'. Judge -power to
remove Htittbn f refit office if. the accus
ation :is sustained 'and- enter judgment
di $500 In ,'favor of the Jnf ormer. ¦¦; ¦
¦-: Collins say> he .isj preparing- a ;com- s
municatioa t,o the Grand Jury, asking
that bodyifor ah IJnalctment to remove
Huttori fi^m, office. ; Under section 758 of
the P-erial'-- Code// w&ijph«T provides that
."an. accusation "In writing against any
district, ' county, ; township or . munici
pal officer for willful or corrupt mis
conduct in office may be presented by
the Grand Jury of the county for or in
which the offloer accused is elected or
appointed." ,.. ,
A suit will soon be- Instituted by Col-.
llns to enjoin the 'City 'Treasurer from
paying any salary to. Hutton In virtue
of section 10, article 16 \ of the charter,
which provides that, "an office becomes
vacant when the ¦ incumbent la con
victed of an offense involving a viola
tion of his official duties." • '- v {
Besides these statutory ' proceedings,
Collins says he 'will V file charge* with
the Mayor, asking for Hiitton's remov
al from office because of his Immoral
ity. This; ha saya 'willl ba Aoii* within
a week. .;¦ .. ' ¦. : V'*} - : C' "/" ' .:"-
MAYOR THAT-HE, .
FDAXS i TO OUST HOTTON
Pronounces False. Report i That He
Intends to Appoint p.>H.' Hilbert
Police Oonimlssibnerl ",
Mayor Schmitz last" "evening pro
nounced as absolutely 'false the pub
lished report that he will -oust Police
Commissioner Hutton : from office ow
ing to the latter having been found
guilty of contempt' of- cotirf and ap
point C. H. Hilbert, president of the
Hilbert Mercantile Company, in -Hut
ton's place. *lt -was" also 'Stated'ln the
article that Attorney rGebVge/ £L Col
lins would "take •:8te.Dp\to-Hhiavfci Hutton
dismissed under j a-*^hatrtQr?tJrovlsipn.
Mayor Schmitz saXdi^;''.
The story is untrue', as 7 all the others re
flecting upon- -me and my ¦ administration that
have appeared recently In an evening paper.
I have given the matter no consideration what
ever and the fact that • Huttoo has been ad-
Judged guilty of contempt has not. been brought
officially to my notice as yet.'." I have not
siven the matter of Hntton's removal or the.
appointment of his successor a -thought. The
story was manufactured out of whole cloth,
as I was not Interviewed at all on t ho sub
ject. '.¦: ¦ ;' . - : \v ¦.:.¦¦ •¦"'. '
Asked as to "whether he would
take advantage of section 10, article
16 "of the charter, which provides that
an ofllce becomes vacant when the in
cumbent is convicted of a felony or
of an offense involving a violation of
his official duties, the Mayor said:
I do not care to say whether I will take
mich advantage or not. Of course. If . Mr.'
Hutton has violated his official duties his
office becomes vacant without any action on
my part, and I would simply appoint his
sucoessor. But. as I have paid, I have not
considered the matter at all and the mind
readers who have concocted their talo have
absolutely . no foundation for . it.
Asks Exemption From Taxation.
It is expected that there will be an
amendment to the constitution sub
mitted to the voters at the next elec
tion, providing for the exempting
from taxation of the California Acad
tmy of Sciences. It Is urged that the
payment "of $7000 a year • taxes im
poverishes the iatitution. As the acad
emy is run as * free museum, no tax
should, be Imposed upon Its Income
bearing property. Circulars relating
to the matter have been sent to mem
bers and friends of the society by C.
E. Grunsky and Leverett Mills Loo
mis, the committee In charge ¦ of the
matter of taxation.
Scherf Is Arraigned.
Gustav Scherf, deputy poundkeep
er, was arraigned before Judge Law
lor yesterday on a charge of murder
for shooting and killing Rudolph W.
Schwartze on August 24. Attorney
Frank J. Murphy intimated that he
would challenge .the panel of the
Grand Jury that returned^ the indict
ment. Assistant District Attorney
Ferral expressed the hope that no un
necessary obstacle would be put in
the way of having a speedy trial. The
case was continued till to-morrow.
Fall hats, 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace. •
Aiding the Home -Market.
Eighteen thousand packages of
seeded California . raisins and prunes
from Santa Clara County have ¦* been
sold by Weinstock, & Co. at 5
cents per pound/ or cost price, at their
store, on Grant* avenue.- The purpose
in doing this was to aid a great Cali
fornia industry by unaking a home
market for products. •
Board Rejects Bids.
The Board of Works yesterday re
jected the bid of J. F. O'Brien for
street and! sewer work on Seventh
and South streets as being excessive
and ordered new proposals to be in
vited for the work. The board also
rescinded the award of contracts for
street work on Seventh street, be
tween Hubbell . and South, and on
Cole street, owing > to slight errors in
the .notice of publication. The board
ordered work stopped on the sidewalk
elevator on Clay street, near Mont
gomery, protests having been filed by
business concerns In the vicinity.
Commissioner Schmltz was delegated
to inquire into the case of M. Pagio,
who had his house at 829 Paclflo
street repaired without first securing
'a permit.
Confes to San Francisco to
Make a Home; Gets Le
gal Separation Instead
Suits for divorce were filed by Fred
W. Hall against Maud M. Hall, ex
treme cruelty; Mary E. Murphy against
Joseph F. Murphy, extreme cruelty.
tigation and as a result Attorney John
Alarbi» of this city yesterday com
n:eucea proceedings in the Superior
Court to Have the divorce set aside. The
woman is Agnes K. Clark and the hus
band John J. l?lark, but In the papers
*«.id records of the divorce case the
middle initial? in both instances are
omitted and this is used as a basis for
the allegation that Clark was hiding
;t.e identity of himself and wife and
obtained the divorce by fraud. His
-uit was Commenced in February, 1S»O2,
and the dixorce granted in June. He
charged in his complaint that his wife
was a habitual drunkard and that one
of her sprees, on a trip to Nebraska,
rest him $3000. AnS again, he says,
during his absence fron home, t-he dip
posed cf property whici- had cost him
$0500, for $100 cash and a promise of
$500 more. The wife forwards an affi
davit denying all of these charges.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Mary Linehan from
John Linehan for desertion; by Judge
:,\!uras?ky to Nancy L. Schroyer from
C. L. Schroyer. cruelty; by Judge Ker
rigan to Edgar M. Armstrong from
Bertha Armstrong, for desertion; to
Harry W. Blaine from Georgianna
B'.air.e. cruelty; by Judge Hunt to
Katie Schwab from P. J. Schwab, de
sertion; by Judge SIofs to Mary A.
Barnett from Kodney E. Barnett, ex
treme cruelty; by Judge Kerrigan to
Philip Schneider from Bessie Schneider,
desertion.
The discarded wife started an inves-
o\*, woman laboring for a livelihood as
a naenfal. Slag 'was married thirty-nine
years ago and did not know until last
Juiy that tia husband had freed him
self from matrimonial obligations In
1S02. 7'he surprising news came to her
tlirougrb the Pension Commissioner at
IViCsRinffton, who rejected her applica
tion for half, of her husband's pension
j*. tile ground- "that she had been di
vorced.*
I'p in Keystone, Norih Dakota, is an
Bottles Break in the Heat
and v Yari-Colored Fluid
Flows Along Sidewalks
"An; early morning fire at 17-19 Fre
mont street caused damage amounting
to V about '$50,000 yesterday. .The lire
broke out in the third story of tha
building, . occupied ¦ by Upton Bros.,
printers. ..The stock and machinery of
six firms located In the building were
damaged/ The cause of the fire is not
known. 5~s'; \ . \
-The heaviest losers are : Upton Bros.
Their plant, ' valued at $25,000, was en
.tirely destroyed. It Is Insured for
$8000. Above the printing office was
¦the Eng-Shell Extract Company. The
heat of the flames in the printing office
destroyed about $10,000 worth t of ex
tracts. 'Thousands of bottles burst and
•their contents ' flooded the fourth floor
and dropped to 'the sidewalk. For sev
eral^npurs a vari-colored stream of ex
tracts, ran.': in t the gutter on Fremont
streetV The. Eng-Shell Company's loss
is covered. by insurance.
g Theflrst floor of the building was oc
cupied by the California Hydraulic and
•Engineering Company. They sustained
a. loss of about $1000. which Is covered
by insurance. The building, owned by
Mrs. Ada Taylor, was damaged $15,000.
The West Coast Wire Company lost
about $3000.
With a barrel of olive oil upon one
of his shoulders, Hugh McCaffrey was
ambling along Battery street, when an
inquisitive policeman demanded an
explanation of how- he became pos
sessed of the stuff. So shaky was his
story that it prompted further inves
tigation and the officer discovered that
the barrel had been stolen from the
premises of the Rankin Company.
"What did you intend to do with
the oil?" Judge Mogan asked the de
fendant.
"I might say that I intended to drink
it, but you wouldn't believe me,'.' was
the answer. ¦
"Six : months f ©r you," said the
Judere.
Nineteen-year-old Henry Golsch,
charged with having plundered a tele
phone cash box at Seventeenth and
Church streets, told Judge Mogan that
two unknown men had primed him
with liquor until he was reckless and
then urged him to commit the bur
glary, explaining to him how it could
be done with neatness and di6patch.
His 6tory is being investigated and he
will get another hearing to-morrow.
Five small boys— Charles Everhard,
Walter Spangler, Frank Ripstein, Har
ry Page and Henry Douce — were ac
cused by Andrew Jacobson of having
stolen forty-eight doughnuts from him
at Twenty-fourth and Howard streets.
Patrolman Fogarty, who arrested the
lads, testified that they swallowed the
material evidence for the prosecution,
and Judge Cabaniss held that their re
sultant stomach pains was punishment
sufficient for their 'offense.
Marcus Perrls was in the crowd that
blocked traffic at Third and Market
streets and absorbed the bulletined re
ports of the McCoy-Sullivan prizefight,
and so enthused was he by the clever
work of; "The Kid" that he involun
tarily gave It practical illustration by
jabbing and uppercuttlng and sidestep
ping and J short-arm-joltlng persons
within his arm reach. He was environ
ed by sore and indignant victims when
Patrolman "Tom" Murphy elbowed his
way into the throng and quickly sub
jugated and then arrested him for dis
turbing the peace. Judge Mogan con
tinued the case till to-morrow In or
der to give the defendant opportunity
to prove that his fistic indulgence was
not malicious.
B. Cohn, peddler, was accused of cru
elty to animals, the specific offense be
ing the twisting of a prostrate horse's
tail in futile effort to make It rise. Mrs.
Hattle Mardis testified that Mr. Cohn's
treatment of the animal was unneces
sarily harsh, and her statement was
corroborated by H. Iben, A. P. Paul
sen and other persons, who witnessed
the tall twisting. Several small boys
averred that in so far from being cruel
to his steed Mr. Cohn's conduct was
most humane. Judge Cabaniss took
the case under advisement till October
26.
Anna Burelbacb, who accused W. H.
Pittman of having robDed her of sev
eral diamond rings and a gold watch,
told Judge Mogan that for seven years
she had been the defendant's only
means of support. During that period,
she testified, she had given him, from
time to time, 515,000 in cash. They
lived in almost every town of any size
on this coast and in each place he
posed as a gentleman until her vo
cation was discovered and then they
sought pastures new. She Is now re
siding at Victoria, B. C, and when ar
rested he was managing a get rich
quick concern In Los Angeles. The
hearing will be resumed Wednesday.
Judge Mogan continued till next Sat
urday the case of August Weinman, ac
cused of having cruelly beaten a young
child of Mrs. Annie Welntraub, which
had been placed in the "home" man
aged by him at 4109 Twenty-first street.
Secretary Levy of the Eureka Hebrew
Benevolent Society testified that the
child had been entrusted to Weinman's
care by that organization, the mother
being unable to provide for It, and that
it was properly treated. Mrs. Kate
Pettie, manager of the Universal Ser
vice Society, stated that the child had
been struck with a cane by Weinman
and its thighs showed evidence of the
severity of the punishment. The de
fendant, a blind man, then averred that
Mrs. Weintraub's object in complaining
against him was to recover .the custody,
of the child and get the %1 month which
the Eureka Society paid him for its
support. The continuance was made
in order to get the testimony of neigh
bors as to the treatment received by
the little inmates of the Weinman
home.
• • *
Judge Mogan thought that the re
pairing of the window was a trifling
matter to quarrel about and Mr. Wells
emphatically stated that he would
neither pay for a new pane nor leave
the house. "It is not the price of the
glass but the principle of the thing
that impels me to this attitude," quoth
Mr. Wells. To which Mr. Douglas,
speaking for Mrs. Condon as well as
himself, retorted by asserting that un
til the window is repaired or the Wells
folk vacate the house not a drop of
water shall be conveyed to the latter
through the pipe leading from his
pump.
"I have seen such asinine stubborn
ness on the mimic stage," said the
Judge, "but never till now has it con
fronted me in court. You remind me
of the obstinate characters in a New
England rural drama. The time of this
tribune is too valuable to be wasted in
trying to bring reason to bear upon
such stubbornness and the case is dis
missed. But if you are again brought
here for disturbing the peace of your
neighbors by fighting you may find less
leniency."
According to the testimony Mr.
Hc-uglas is the owner of a windmill
pump that supplies several of the resi
dents of Sadowa street with water and
that he shut off the aqua supply of
Mr. Wells' home because that gentle
man refused to pay for the repair of a
window in the house which had been
broken by some small boys. Mrs. Con
don, the owner of the Wells residence,
is Mr. Douglas' mother-in-law and
Mr. Wells declared that she ought to
pay for the glazing, while she, oh the
other hand, asserted that he alone
should defray the expense. It was to
help his mother-in-law* in the dispute
that Mr. Douglas deprived the Wells
family of water and it was Mr. Wells'
expostulation that led up to the fight
in which the two men were found by
the police.
Ocean View was extensively repre
sented in Police Judge Mogan's court
room yesterday morning while the
peace disturbance charge against two
prominent residents of that suburb,
Andrew Douglas of 131 Sadowa street
and William Wells of 137 Sadowa
street, was on hearing. The defendants
were levked in deadly embrace when
Patrolmen King and Cronin arrested
them and spent five minutes in tearing
them aj>art.
Charles Jon^s, a rrtilroad man, d(Pj
c'ared that his acquaintance with ili^s,
Bessie Henry was of such recent for
mation and so merely casual that he
considered her hint that he take her to
dinner an impertinence. ' It was', at
Sutter street and Grant avenue he nie>
her for the first time, he averred, and
ere they had been engaged* in, conver-.
sntion three minutes she abruptly ex
pressed an inclination- to dine- at -his
expense. He tried to ignore the sug
gestion, but she wdfild-not allow him'
to do so, and finally, when he told her
point blank that he regarded' her in- 1 "
sistence as bad form, she scolded- him
with such vehemence- as to attract a
crowd and visit^upon him. greab hu*
m iliation of spirit. "Stingy" was .the
least offensive of the adjectives she
used.
Patrolman L. J. Larkin heard a por
tion of Miss Henr~y'3'denuhbFatory'6fa'^
tion and to Judge Mogan _he/pro
nounced It "pretty tough talk." . Them
Mr. Jones remarked that never -in^1.
his life had he listened to, much less :
been made the sub'ject Qf, j3u,ch. r a;
"bunch of language." ' \ j
Miss Henry will tell her Bide- of. the
story to-morrow.' • *\ , ; . '", -
Ella Johnson, the 16-year-old' glrl; v
•whose mother had her. arrested . for°
waywardness because she attended , ! -a
party given by one.XJealie Palkeiiburg
in celebration of his : release from,
prison, was turned over to the^ custody
of Secretary White of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty^ to_Children,,
To plead for her release there*appear
ed In Judge Mogan's court the -parents
of Leslie Falkenburg and they were
roundly censured by his Honor for en
couraging the girl's attentions to their
son.
"I am informed," said the Judge,
"that you escorted this young girl to
the prison In which your son was serv
ing a six months' sentence for having
cruelly Ill-treated the mother of his
two illegitimate children, and that you
have been partly instrumental In caus
ing the estrangement between the girl
and her mother. Your appearance
here I consider extremely Impudent
and I would advise you to go home
and attend to the proper training of
your own children."
Little Miss Johnson will probably be
consigned to St. Catherine's Home.
SHE CIIAKGES FHAUD
STREET BUNS EXTRACTS
ASKS GRAND JURY'S AID
An Aged Wife in Ignorance
for Two Years of Decree
Granted to Her Husband
Adopts Various Methods to
Have Police Commission
er vEemoved fErom' Office
An Early Morning Blaze on
Fremont Street Causes
Large Amount of Damage
By Shutting Off the Wells Family's- Pure
Water Supply Andrew Douglas Tries to
Help His Mother-in-Law in Her Crusade
SEEKS TO SET
DIVORCE ASIDE
FIRE DESTROYS
UPTON'S PLANT
OCEAN VIEW NEIGHBORS QUARREL
AND EXPLAIN DISPUTE IN COURT
COLLINS WANTS
HUTTON'S SCALP
THE SAN M<A^USCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904.
9
Dcti£btf ally fratrut. Coolln j to scalp. Steps ttcblflf- Instantly. >.
NEWBR.O 9 S HERPICIDK
TteORWlNAL remedy that* "kills the Dandruff Qerm."' Vv A-;"
lancm taTuTi it. c kxficioe wai save it. . too ute fob kekpicioe.
A nil A |\| >C5 lAf I ETC" -family, because dandruff If a contagious disease.
#"Tl BWlr^lXl «9 WlrC • Flrsl Is Infection, then after weeks or months dand-
It IS tha duty of some wives to patch and darn the ruff appears, followed by Itching scalp and falling
family's wearing apparel, but when the natural , hair. Newbro's . Herpidd* kills the eenn and
covering on hubby's crown wears through, It cures every stage of this disease except' chronic
shows fhat the "stitch In time", was neglected, baldness. Marvelous results follow Us use. An
Every wife should be "scalp Inspector" to the exquisite hair dressing.
Drag Stores. S1.00. Seed 10c stun, to KERPICIOE CO, Dept H, Detroit, Weft; far r staple.
APPLICATIONS AT FSOM ZXTSNTi 8ASBEB SH0P8.
AD VOtTlSOLEXTS.
™ E LONDON
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
throughout the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete corr.r-ercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of: " ¦
EXPORT MERCHANTS
with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc., in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
tenters of the United Kingdom.
A copy of the 1005 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postoffice Order for $5.
ThcLondonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abcbvrch Lane, London, E C.
England.
Pfllarp D0NT rA!L T0
0 1 dlaWW 8ce tha beautiful
j COURT Lounging
0 /Iflfl - roosa, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
UrSflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
UA UIIU LOR^ the j^
n A i !„ DIES* WRITINQ
l Jiotels room- j
f CUTLERY •-
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
PARTFRSl CUIffi SICK HEADACI12 *
RjjSrrnE Gsmrets Must Bear
If IVER Fas-Simile Signature
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
One- Third Off on Regal Instruments.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND WEEK
Of the Brilliantly Successful Comic Opera,
' m ' TUP Mam
/Ey^ I ¦ ¦ ••"• ram
ONLT MATINEE SAT. BsHI
Same Prices 25c. 60c. 73c !
In Preparation >*.
DER RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler.)
A Vaudeville Revel!
URBANI AND SON;
John P. Kennedy and Carrie Reynolds;
/Two Pucks; T. Trovollo. and Orpneum
Motion Pictures, Saowlngr "Personal."
the Great Comedy Success, and "A
Drama tn the Air." Last Times of Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Trnesdell; Marvelous
Melrose Troupe; Law son and Namon,
and James and Bonnie Parley.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10c. 23c and 50o.
AT PA7 AD Belasw ft Mayer.
' * General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
Matinees TO- DAT and Saturday.
Evg., 23c to 73c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to oOo
\A/HITTE | AND THE ALCAZAR C3. {
lA/HITTLEbEY
In a Grand Revival of Richard Harding Davis"
Thrilling Story of Adventure,
SOLDIERS OF
FORTUNE
Dramatized by Auirustus Thomas.
Monday. Oct. 8. FAREWELL. WEEK.
MR. WHITTLESEY as ARM AND DUVAL In
"CAMILLE."
Market Street. Near Eighth. ..Phone South 323
TO-JHGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND STJNDAT. -
Magnificent Production of the Matchless Cali-
fornia Drama.
THE DANITES"
Adapted from the Famous Story of the Sierras
by Joaquln Miller.
DDirEC Evenings 10c to 60o
ittltLi Matinees 10c. 13c, Ma
Next— DEALEB3 IN WHITE WOMEN.
Hiffh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening- la. the Theater. ;. • ;
TO-mOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
— -Concluding with
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
Take a Rld« on the MtXIATURS ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
THBEE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
ADMISSION 10c J CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
MISCELJiAXEOCS AMUSEMENTS
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PARK.
Eiehth and Harrison streets.
WEDNESDAT. THURSDAT. FRIDAT,
at 3:30 ;¦. m.
SATURDAT. 3 p. m.
SUNDAT, 2:30 p. m.
LADIES- FREE THURSDAT and FRIDAT.
Advance sale of neats at ft Stockton st.
'- MISCELJjAyEOUS.
/vMi Perfect Fitting IT.^ l
c\ Eyeglasses &
i At Moderate Cos! f ,
V 642 'Market St
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KF.AKXY »T. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Disputes. I.<wt Manhood. Debility or
li. f^3- •vearinsf on body and miml and
Stein Discuses. The Doctor cures'wlien
others fall. Tryhim. t'harges low.
l'nrr<£uaranlrr<l. Cull or write.
Dr. J. V. OIBBOX. Sail Frarcisco. Cat
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PES YXAB*
AMUSEMENTS.
••"¦' ' ¦—¦¦¦" ¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ' i
UULUIWjalM LEADING ThWi
LAST 4 NIOHTS— MAT. SAT.
Hamlln and Mitchell's Extravagant*. :
WIZARD OF OZ
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES B. DILLIN'GHAM will present
FRANK
DANIELS
In tha Laughlnr. Musical, Beauty Show,
"THE OFFICE BOY."
FUN that makeji you roar — MUSIC you can
whistle— GIRLS good to look upon.
SEATS NOW READT.
BOUSA is coming to tha ALHAMBRA.
GRAND SSSgg
THIS WEEK AND NEXT!
The Beautiful Pastoral Flay.
| YORK STATEj
BUgest Hill 1/ \ An
Hit 1 1IIv5\aJ Instan-
of tha ¦¦• V«lak/ taneous
Season. - Li^bbhmbm^h^^^^^^J Success.
Better than "The Old Homestead"
. Matinees Saturday and Sunday
COMING— THE BURGOMASTER.
H. W. Bishop, Lessee and Manager.
THIS "WEEK ONLT.
25cts 1 25cts
OLIVER MOROSCO offers
CAPTAIN I
BARRINGTON |
FIRST TIME HERE.
Nlsht prices 25, 35 and SO cents.
A few front rows orchestra, 75 cents.
MATINEE SATURDAT, 25 and 10 cents.
Sunday, Oct. 2— THE . HENRIETTA.*
r — CALIFORNIA— v
ALL THIS WEEK.
ESW. THTnUffAEX Presents
RALPH STUART
IN THE BIO SUCCESS,
BYRIGHTOFSWORD
Direct from the American Theater, ,
New Tork City.
NEXT SUNDAT — Biggest, Brightest,
Best Musical Comedy of the Season.
"THE TENDERFOOT."
Positively 60 People, mcludlnr Phil
Ryley, the famous Tweedlepunch In
" Florodora. 100 nights In New Tork.
250 nights In Chicago.
SEATS NOW SELLING.'.
LAST WEEK OP
MISS MAZUMA
The Burlesque Hit of the Season.
Replete With New Songs. Specialties and
Novelties.
Our Unexcelled Cast and Chorus.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
NOTICE— NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
First Production of
"SOWS THE LUTE."
(By Howard Jacot, Esq.)
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
Absolutely New and Original.
Three Great Acts and Twenty Specialties.
ALHAMBRA^ THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:30
AND NEXT SATVBSAT AFTEBNOON
AT 3:30.
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS.
The distinguished Prlma Donna Soprano
MME. 7ANNZE
FRANCISC A
From the Opera Royal, Amsterdam.
The Lyric Sensation of the Day.
Marcelllno at the Piano — Louis Newbauer,
Flutist. •
' Seats, $2 to 73 cents — at Sherman. Clay it Co.'s
i '
i SEATS NOW SELLING
, The Beautiful Morality Play.
"EVERYMAN"
BY THE BEN OBEST COMPANT
AT LYBIOEALL
! Every Night Next Week
> Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
| PRICES $1 50. $1 00 and 75c
- ¦ and *
I JOSEF HOFMANN.
THE GBEAT PIANIST
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Tuesday and Thursday Nights, Oct. 4-6. t
Saturday Matinee. --" October 8.
•Prices. ............. ..%2. $150. $1 and 73c
At Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- .
CP.MOOHMAr€6t CO., 3HERWOOD ty SHERWOOD
' DISTRIBUTORS
SHESWOOS tSEEBWOOO, 213-314 MARKET STBEZT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin f
Gloves
C. All the dye stays in
our black gloves, none
comes off on the hands
or what they handle,
nor do they wear rusty
'looking or gray.
Sole Depot in San Francisco:
R. D. Daws & Company
, Geary and Grant Avenues.
MEN'S GLOVES AT AXX. MEH'S
I STOKES.
and ;
f^liat Cut Prices
t\S .SB Good work, quick '
I J ¦ [W service and fair
[1 / W treatment have put
/ M KM me In the lead in
1/3? 14-* this line, and my
*<ffi>"^"^ customers are stay-
ing by me. Here are
some figures that ought to Interest
you: They'll save you money.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6.....10o|Roll of 12.... ISO
PBIKTING:
Solio finish. ,3c-5o | Velox finish. 3o-6o
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS — In !
all popular sizes. Popular prices.
ANSCO CAMERAS— Are high class
and always satisfactory. Buy one
here.
'CYKO PHOTO PAPEB — Gives
splendid results. Prints by artificial
light.
Cameras repaired at low rates.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F..W. PITTS, Tha Stationer,
1008 MARKET STBEET, Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
THIS WEATHER
Is enough to melt anything— even
the finest laundered linen — but neg-
lige is the thing, and in its handling
you can depend upon our nailing its
colors fast and returning- every ar-
ticle in the condition be
pleased to Avear. No saw edges.
mnw States Sundry,
10O4 MARKET STBEET.
. TeleDhoao South 430* .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 19u*.
10
E^E^ESE-A CAN Or TOBOGGAN HAPLC 5YRUP, MADE TROD THE
SPIBITPAIISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St.
Kathryn, 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth.
room 221; no signs.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth St.— Meeting every
nlcht; all tests 10c; ladles' circle Wednes-
day 2:30, 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
_Frlday, 8 o'clock; 50c. 1C84 Bush st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing tesrclrcle~to-nlghf
lOo; come skeptics. 619 McAllister st.
C.MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mall Jl.
3568 17th st.. San 'Francisco; tel. Capp 85tt.
CEADBVOYAWTS.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for *i~
ELLSMERE— ELLSMERE.
Egyptian Seer, Clairvoyant, Palmist.
I tell your name and what you came for;
whom and when you marry; how to achieve
th«s great;st success In business, prolong your
life, gain perfect health, become magnetic,
obtain mental poise, physical strength, over-
come fear, depression or doubt; I create the
¦ power of control In you that you may fasci-
nate the one you wish: give good luck, remove
spells, evil influence, discords in family or
. social affairs: reunite the separated; restore
lost affection: obtain a better business posi-
tion, or what you wish; where to locate, when
to travel; I can Improve your condition and
tell if husband, wife or loved one is true to
you; I positively guarantee to hasten mar-
riage and secure marriage with oue of your
choice; I give suggestion; teach clairvoyance,
develop medlumshlp, thought transference,
etc., by mall $2: at office Sunday and every
day, 10 to S; advice on speculation. Invest-
ment and all affairs of life. 1007% Market st.
A— PROF. MAYO.
The Greatest Living Adviser on the
Continent.
Special this week full-life readings, $1; eatls-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
glanc>. before you have a chance to utter one
word, he will tell you what you came for: glvt»
names, dates, facts and figures; ha tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain success in
love, courtship, marriage and divorce: whether
you will be successful In business affairs; In
fact, ro matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as thougn they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier,
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything— good or bad; you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., 'daily and Sunday.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE'
READINGS. ;i.
H« has met every expectation, every adver-
tlsed promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries. Would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the maters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE, .
Who is permanently located at
428 Eddy St.; lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
. Three separate \ reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $L
. PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee ta
make no charge If I fail to tell your name and '
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power, in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love bring back your loved one, aad causa
marriase with one of choice.. 10 a. m. to 3
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.. 328.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellla, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and Ufa reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 9.
ISMAR. Egyptian seexess. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. Ean Francisco. Office hour* — 10
a m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. ¦-
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c.
G. $1 ; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
MME.* ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up.' 612% Eddy St.; so sign. *
cgAir oes.
A — $2650: HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with nm-class paying saloon in manufac-
turing town across the bay; a good paying
business, gee R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny.
A— $1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: close
to 4 theaters; rent $100: well established
business: full value in sight; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny Bt.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacss, 1 coupe. 18
buggies, harnesses, etc.; 20 steady boarders;
stable doing a first-class paying business;
rent $75. See R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny.
A— $1000: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles
from this city; 39 beds, 80 boarders, fine
barroom with rood trade; close to depot, in
lively business town; Dlace making money;
owner to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26^ K<arny st. _____
A— $2500; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay- beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms; 2 bars, pavilion 102x60 feet, merry-
go-round, etc.; lease 4 years; rent $50; pa-
vilion sublet every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2500; MANUFACTURING business; rent
$50: the best opening for a trade on this
coast; rare and good chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. 'i^'r-
A— $G50; CORNER ealoon. with 5 years' lease;
very best location and a good-paying busl-
cess. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ,
A— $900; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $80; best location: investl-
gate; this is a -very rare chanc*. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. :
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location in the Mis-
sion: rent $46; all store trade; baklnc IVi
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse ; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a good-paying busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2500; HOTEL, with 27 furnished rooms,
across the by; 5 years' leaee; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; finest location in |
pood business town. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.; rent
$3o; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. O. WILKE,
26% Kearny St. '
A— $12C0; CORNER ealoon on Folsom st.; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years: dally
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels day;very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.26% Kearny.
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75. Including 7 rooms: located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G, WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 nice living rooms: rent $25:
daily receipt* abou*. $20; best location north
of Market ft. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Bt.
A— $lSnO; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $6500- SALOON, one of the best on Market
st.; 4% -year lease; rent $107; place Is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mates Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and da.nce pavilion: rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $00; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunoay work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; «n Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR, MGR..
SUITE S07 and 808, CALL BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR SALE.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be Increased to- $15,000 monthly by
Investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
Best reasons for selling. '
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED. BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
Suite S07 and S08 Call Building.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
STOREROOM with fixtures in very prominent
location on Market St.; with lease 2% years
to run. with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixtures with or without stock;
cheapest rent on Market st. for location.
J. W. JAQUITH. 1312 Market st. rooms
418-419; telephone Folsom 3468.
THREE nloe groceries, fully stocked with first-
class goods; 2 with bars connected, one with-
out; all in good locations, residence districts;
doinr elegant family business. J. W. JA-
QUITH: 1312 Market St., rooms 418-419;
telephone Folsom 3468.
$600 — Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny;
stand lnves.; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200 — SALOON: lease 4 years to run; rent
?50. See F- BERG. 318 Kearny st.
$4000 — ONE of the nicest and best paying gen-
eral merchandise and fancy goods stores in San
Francisco; full amount Invested; established
17 years; long lease; low rent; transfer cor-
ner; good reasons for disposal. J. C. SCOTT,
box 1285, Call office.
WANTED— Hustler with ability, to sell candy
on talary; $15 to $30 per week; must have -a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California Jaws.
Apply immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh st. . Oakland ;branch San Francisco
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located' at 911 Broadway.- bet. 8th and Oth
it?., Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, nafe, typewriter, etc..
is for sale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
FOR sale — Eighth interest in new steam
schooner; oil burner; one of the best boats
on the coast; is paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City. Cal.
HOTEL business for sale; reasonable: big
business for two; dears $400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dining-room seats 46: lease given.
I For particulars, write M. F. CARDQZO, Mer-
ced, Cal. , '1
AN opportunity Is offered to invest not less
than $25,000 In an established wholesale
business. For particulars call on Cushlng,
Grant &. Cushlng.attorneys-at-Iaw.104 Sutter.
RELIABLE, energetic man with $500, to take
Interest in staple - manufacturing business;
inside work; experience unnecessary; can
draw $25 wk; ref. given and req. 247 Oth st.
WANTED — Partner, cigar stand, a good
chance, cheap; partner for office work, $100.
I 1130 Market st., rooms 2 and 3.
LADY wants steady, active young man.part-
ner, w.ih $300: well established business that
will pay him $30 week and over. Call 825
Market St., room 437.
GROCERY: rare opportunity; complete; first-
class stock; established 18 years; large fam-
ily trade; excellent location; low rent; lease.
Apply 927 Market St.. room' 621. .
HOTEL and bar. $650, "worth $1200; factory
dlst.: 1500 employed; 16 well fur. rooms;
can accommodate 30; house -full; rent $38;
lcng leaee. HEDGES. 609 Parrott bldg.
FOR sale — Restaurant in mining town in
Northern California; rent low; there is a
profit over expense* in regular boarders. For
particulars, box 1250, Call office,
$2500— PARTNER In grents' furnishings, no-
tions and stationery business; established IS
' years. Addresa n.- P.H.. box 2201. Call.
COAL yard in Oakland for sale; fine location;
doing good business. .'Address box 1413 Call
>' office Oakland.
«JOHX D. SPKECK1-XS Proprietor
Address Communications to
'• jqHy^McXAUGIIT. . . •_^-^j L^55gg£?
\V. J. MART1X.. ..Basincss Manager
TELEPHONE.
<9isK ,or THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department \ou w.sn.
-_rub:ic«Tion OfSce Market and Third. S. F>
*EJitor:al Booms '-17 to '_il Stevenson Bt.
Delivered V Carriers. 2© Cts. Per ,"«>«*. 75
1 Ctt. Per Mcr.th. Sinsle Copies •> Cls.
by Mail. Indues Postage (Cash With
Order): . ._ rA
DAJLT CALL (ir.clud. Sunday). 1 y*ar. . .$S.OO
DAILY CAL!- unelud. 6 mos... 4.JW
•; DAILY CALL— By .^ir.c!« Month „«??
1-rNDAY CALL. 1 Year - jJY
WHEIvLY CALL 11 J«r "^ r^Y^r Extra
•yonEIGN'c jf.- a .; ( jav; 4il5 rer Year Extra
POSTAGE. \wee_fr 1 00 T«r Year Extra
ALL POSTMABTEBS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO EKCHIVE PUBSCRIPTIO>S.
Earrple Cori*s will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mail subscribers in crderine chance of ao-
erefs fhcu'.a l* particular to gir* *°£ fip^
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrcrr.pt acd correct coni£>ll2.n r .o '*' ltn thelr re "
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telepfcvw* Mam 10S3
FERKELEY OFFICE:
O4S Cecter Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
RAilUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
rnion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
tote! and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fr^rcr.ari House; P. O. Kewjl Co.: Great
r."or?*ern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hot"!; Palrr.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
- tLcng PSstar.ce Telephone. 'Central 2619")
_
. NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
**CT£PHEN B. SMITH 3u Tribune Building
NEW. YORK CORKESPONDENT;
C^C. CARLTON Herald Square
EUEDCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
aoe-K Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
il jj. m.
f>27 Kor.-.romerj- street, corner Clay: open until
. jk:;o p. n-.. . •
£fn Haves street; open until 9 :G0 p. m.
Can McAllister strt-et; open until 9:30 p. m.
ei5 L*r'tiiu street; cr«;n until S:30 p. m.
3M4! il;ss>cn street; open until !0 p. ra.
30*J Elexcnth street: op*"ii until 9 p. m.
©KH". Valencia street: ojien until S p. m.
Northeast corner Cliurch and Duncan streets;
open until 9 c. rn.
C?''ft FiHraore 5-tr^et : open until ?- p. ra.
aiEETTNQ 7TOTICES.
A STATED meeting of San Fran- {SSBI
Cisco Consistory No. 1, A. and
S • ttfsh Rite, Masonic rTLj^jK^ t-.
o'cli :.. for transaction of bufi- [pS§2_rTl
HENRT BURNER. jifflil
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena .«.
Lo^re of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.. X
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be AjL
hel'S in Commandery Hall. Masonic cCsA*
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. > CBi '
September 29, U«j.;, at S o'clock. Visiting
brethren cordially invited.
1 HENRY BURNER. Secretary-
OFFICERS and members of California «
Chapter No. 1S3. O. E. S.. are re- __%_,
< • -¦*: • • attend the funeral eervicee TOT
of our late f-fster. MARY H. EAST-
WOOD. THIS DAY • Thursday). September
• 20, at If* o'clock, 8t the funeral parlors of
Beaker & Lur.t. 2606 Mission st.. bet. Twen-
ty-tecond and Twenty-third st», By order of
p, : the W. M. ISADORA HORTON, Sec.
ailPFlON Charter No. 79, R. A. M. — m
Special meeting THIS iTHURSDAT) VV
KVENING. 7:3A ©• clock. Past Master
<2fxree. L. F. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. H1LLMAN. Secretary.
. ©VLIFORNIA Lode* No. 1. F and A. O
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) YY
EVENING at 7:3f> o'chjek. Second />r\
dopree. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
FIDELITT Lo<32€ No. 12<\ F. and A •
M.— Special meeting THIP (TIH'RS-VY
)>AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /\r\
Third degree. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lo^.fe'e No. 21« F. and A. M.— ffi
'«- Third degree THIS <THURSDAY) VV
KVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma-
fotis cordially invited. By order of
the Mas-ter. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
EAN FRANCISCO I^>dge No. 3. 1. ¦_««»_.
'¦ O. F.— Initiation en KRI- ¦«_!«_*_•¦
DAY EVEN1 NG. September CO. t H§?<gE^
fctransers welcome. *8?»Rr5^'
II. L. MYERS. N. G.
M. L. BRILLIANT, Recording Secretary.
¦ STOCKHOLDERS' meeting. — Notice is hereby
p:\f-u thit t-e annual me-etlne of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
si the bankinc-t-ouF«> In this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11. L90«. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ag By crder of the Boanl of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, tert to any address In the
T.'r.It»«! State? or Canada one year for $1.
AGEKTS WAKTED.
AGENTS— Ar. sitency for a proposition that is
« derides improvement on building and lean
Is wcrlh having. Groat Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
INKLESS fountain p*ns: sample I5e: dozen
fl 50; retails. _.>. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 day. 1114
VTasblngton Ft.. Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a.m.
ASTROLOGY.
ZOEEIDE— ASTHOLOGEr!
Correct advice on rjusineps and Investments.
0 Mason st.: hours 10-12 and --5.
_ATTOBSEYS-AT-LAW.
c-E.. \V. KING. Attomey-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
> 6th noor; entrance room fill; established 20
years; all courts, re-neral court and office
<zj r!«<"ti<*f: no fe» in advance cr for consulta-
tionr evenings by appointment. Te'.. Red 3601.
A r A"I<"-E free on all Icpal matters; divorces a
rpecialty; prirmte. quick; no pay ir. ad\-ance;
minir.g companies orfrcr.ized; patents obtained
G. IV. HOWE. 11_2 Market St.; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVOP.CE ccste. fl2; quick, quiet. "
f.-r-e; all law business.
No charge unless successful-.
lOiiS Market Et. . ccr. Seventh^ room 419.
AA — Divorce ;corts $12;quick. quie*.; advice free;
c\ all law business; r.o charge unless cuccess-
ittl; cper. evenir^a. 927 Market St.. room 30L
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advar.ee; all law business; office
*>I>en y^turday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
• ADVICE free; dlvcrce costs $12; quick, quiet;
ell 3uw buuir.ers; no c^arce unless isuccess-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law and Collection
Agency, room H\ 01C Market; tel. John €226.
PATENTS. American and foreign. EONTAG'S
AGENCY, 214 Pine et.. 6th floor.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tlon free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
COLLECTIONS, tenants ejected, mechanic's
;ici:s.prcbate.Attoraey.C32 Market at ..room 23.
A WEEK'S cews lor 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
:g r-a:rt-s. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year
ASTHMA CTTRE.
DI NOLA'S .\:-thE5.t Hetredy relieves instantly:
10c. T.V. 50e. 1CO2 Market. St. Nicholas:
also Wtehart. lClh and Washington. Oakland.
ATTrCMOBII.ES^ _ , '
. FOR eaJe — 1301 gasoline runabout; double en-
pine; $S00; cost ?1SU>; good condition. Bex
172S. Call office.
LOCOMOBILE. 10-horsepowrr; 2 seats; • In
good running order. Call 473 Valencia gt.
BXB9S__DOas._jB7C.
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray par-
rots. jest recelTed. A. C Rcblaon. 335 Kearny.
BOARD ITfCr rOBjCHIZ.SB£ W.
GOOD care; reasonable terms. Call or address
MRS. M. L. CLEAVES. 27th ave.. Frultvale.
CI.OTKI-7G RENO YATIITQ.
EUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; .scouring: and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drvmm 44. Call for and deliver free. ,
-.OPGINQ-HOUSES FOR SAIiB.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. . Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances. .
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheao- rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month ~ $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. .
23 rooms: central: 4-year lease; ciears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city: call
for full particulars; only with us.
90-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease: every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well .furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine, lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city. .
7-room modern flat, cloee In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call. for. particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease, . up-to-date, downtown,, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, - well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get first-class . house that is clear-
ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave • for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us. •
' 30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making bouse; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
9-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must' sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms; cheap rent; 1 long lease; flrst-olass,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other, business; only with us.
, 65 rooms: be6t downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city. , ¦ ,
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.'
60 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full ' first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get . an up-to-date house j reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine, proposition;
rood lease.
¦ ' -•¦-.¦ ____—'
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must sell within next ten
days: leaving city;-, make offer.
34 rooms; cheap, rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape: fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduc«_ to $2800. ¦
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON>& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
SOME BARGAINS— Furnished . rooming-house
In business center, making money, reason for
selling, owner going East, to the right party,
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choice ¦ family hotel; 'apartments and flats,
¦ furnished and ¦ unfurnished, for sale; prices
and -terms will suit. .'
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.,
708 Market at., San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
AT a sacrifice; must raise money; house of 12
rooms; all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view: and a number of other
bargains In , lodging- houses. and real estate;
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co.. 10 Turk st.; phone Mint -741. . : ,-
.... ; MITCHELL & CO;, . J ...........
1206 Market st;.".:. f :...". ..Phone. Jessie 2931'
i Rooming and apartment , houses. . hotels i and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
',......-......-. MITCHELL & CO.'. ...........
FOR SALE — 9-room bouse and furniture. Call
I' at 728 Howard it.*, r ", : ".¦¦.'¦• .- ¦¦-;¦
_jS?ffifis_^Wl^iiftMiWlTlVlB>r^niB|vAj»*^ £&-.- ¦- -'¦ .^^2 ¦ .C_ -i- *.-,;.,: _._.„„
I.ODQINQ-HOPSES IQB SA-.E— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, rooming and -apartment houses for
sale. We guarantee good titles.
NEW BRICK BUILDING of 60 single rooms;
steam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric bells, hot and cold
water In every room, every modern
improvement, rl«ht down town, beau-
tiful furnishings, leass for 8 years,
quiet, transient: clears $331 monthly;
owner leavlnsr for his Alaska mlnea;
terms $2000 down and low Interest.
Only with MARION GRIFFIN. .
GOOD 40-room corner hotel In nice location
north of Market; first-class boarders;
clears $150 monthly;" price $3000; Vx
down and small monthly payments;
owner will take $1000 of purchase price
in board at $40 per month. Exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
LARGE porches are Joy producers anywhere.
Here they are and 14 large sunny
rooms; rent only $40; full of roomers;
price $1200— cut to $700. half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN is our only agent.
TRANSIENT CORNER - HOUSE. 2 blocks
north of Market; 24 rooms; 1 floor;
easy taken care of; rent $S0 with lease;
rightly managed should clear $200 per
month; price $2400 — reduced to $1300.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
TO RENT— FURNISHED with mahogany and
flemish oak, velvet carpets; 10 rooms;
new I building, newly painted and
beautifully tinted: north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS for $3200: rent' $175; -central; north
of Market; clears $217 monthly; lease;
double frontage; books open for in-
spectlon. MARION GRIFFIN.
WHAT DO TOU THINK of 36 rooms In th«
center of the city for $40 rent? It's
in good order, clean, light and aunny;
clears $90 to $100 per month; a house
that caters to respectable working peo-
ple; up to October 1 you can buy it
for $1200. Exclusively with
. MARION GRIFFIN.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
IF TOU HAVE A LITTLE MONET.
TERMS, V*. CASH
On these 5. We back you with %. see T
->. 1.
NEW AND CLEAN: 14 rooms; 3 blocks north
of Market; price $950.
2.
ON MARKET St.: 30 rooms; offices: new and
up to date; make offer.
3.
ON SUTTER; new and fine;; boarding-house;
full stylish; 30 rooms; make offer. • ,
NEW apartment-house" of 38" rooms; •well;
make offer: splendid location.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 75
rooms; near Nob Hill: fine for a lady.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estate Agent.
DON'T MISS THESE.
42 rooms; corner. 6 blocks of Market: clears
$175; 6 years>lease; a well furnished house
21 rooms on Post at.; clears $119 monthly; a
good honest house. ¦
11 rooms 5 blocks north: $700; rent $35; will
exchange for a large house and pay each dif-
21 rooms'; near Market: rent $35: clears $75
monthly; . housekeeping: a good respectable
I house that can bt bought at a bargain. . -
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room No. 400
Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market. .
HOTEL AND ROOMING HOUSE.
109 rooms in best location in city; central:
has cleared $2463 net in last 7 months;
owner must
go to Europe to settle
. . an estate; offer wanted.
MARION GRIFFIN, Room 408, Examiner bldg
BARGAIN — 22 r.; fine location: full and pay-
ing over $100 mo.; a bargain: owner to retire
account sickness and old age; price 11400;
easiest terms. Box 1131, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Cail.
16 pages. In wrapper, for m» fling. $1 per rear.
; BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
: city ¦ or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
I Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's -ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for |
making own gas; toilets, ctosetB. everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12;
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy Et. j
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta- J
ble; best coast city In Caiirornia; 60 stalls; [
rent only $75 per mo. ; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sals. CAMERON & CO.. j
3 Eddy st. '_ i
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would.be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. ;
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' . ¦
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many other attractions: rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day electric cars direct; clears $1000 per
year- price $2200. For further particulars
¦ see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HOTEL and grocery store .connected; in small
town, adjacent to San Francisco; a fine loca-
tion; town growing rapidly; Investigate. Box
1321. Call office.
A RESTAURANT, partly furnished; Junction 3
. lines; 610 Stanyan st., opp. park; rent $15;
good bus.; living rm; suit man, wife. Apply
there. ' ' • '
F. L. SKAGGS & CO., hotel brokers, 28 Mont-
gomery st., S. F. ; hotels boueht, leased,
told and exchanged in any locality. •
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap: office
rooms in connection; two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN, 27 Second St. ¦
FOR sale — Delicatessen store in Hayes Valley;
will sell reasonable on account of sickness.
Box 1720, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: best location:
quick sale; owner going East;' no agents.
Inquire Cell office.
|225 CORNER, branch bakery, - candy, notion
and cigar store: 6 living rooms. Inquire at
cigar 8tore corner Sixth and Howard sts.
SNAP', restaurant now running; rent. Including
tables, chairs and range, free; other furnish-
ings $. r .0; I block from Chutes. 33(« Fultonjst^
J600 — Half lnt«rest In well-established, good- j
paying business. Apply at Once, 530 Four-
teenth rt., Oakland.
BARGAIN: long lease; restaurant and oyster
house; 1558 Market,' nr. Larkln; owner has
2 places; can't tend both; growing part city.
CANDT, icecream and tamale parlors; good
business; cheap. 470 Ellis st. ¦:
$2500 — One of the best cigar ' stores In city.
Address J. C. H., box 2200. Call office.
OFFICE man; light work, some collecting;
$200 cash required. 30 Geary St., room 9.
WANTED — To buy small restaurant; • city , or
Oakland; must be reasnble. Call 856 Howard.
$1600 — Old-established saloon and cigar stand;
Stockton Et. Wichman,Lutgen&Co.,29Battery.
CORNER saloon for gale. ' 146 Stelner it.
WANTED— Partner, fine paying grocery and
bar on busy street; $2000. Box 1966. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale. 148 Fifth st.
FOR sale — Grocery and delicacy store, at bar-
. gain; departure. Apply 2509- Mission st.
FOR sale^ — Saloon with license; good paying;
account departure. Particulars box 1968.* Call
FOR Bale — Restaurant, north of Market; $750.
. For particulars, address box 1926, | Call office..
RESTAURANT for sale In vicinity of Devlaa-
dero -street; good location. ' Box' 1529, Call.
GOOD paying grocery and bar for sale; reason-
i able; good location.- 'Box 1183, Call office. ¦ :
CIGAR stand for eale, near City Hall. Box
; 1052. Call office. . . ...
CIAray O YAOTS—Ccmtjnnad^
MME. M. BERNARD. THE^FAMOL'S
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Eiamiaer
bid;-; «ke reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals th«
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the tuture: if you are la trou 0 i 8>
discontented or not satisfied with life. or
have domestic, love or business troubles, coo-
suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4563.
MME. ETTGENIE. the Cheiro. reveal* facts
that will astonish you. 473A Turk at.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortua»- S
teller, is now at 817 Elite st.
CARPET BEATTWG AND CMAimfO^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuuni Ptocess used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; price* moderate^ S. F. C«tn-
preesed Air Cleaning Co.. 30* Market ss.;
ptyones Main 15g and Bush 479.
WmEN you become disgusted with your wort "
*end for SPAULDINO'S Plone«r Carpet-beat-
Ing works. S55-337 Tehama st. T«l. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAuE- >
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 228. «,; ,
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth ,»t.— Flrst-claM, ¦
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mtaslon 74. °
CONKLIJTS Superior Carp«t Beating- y^ 0 * 1 **.
333 Golden Gate av«. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS, excellent carp-t beating: mat.
tresses made over. 1432 HowarArtelSouth^Ig •
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. .40? Butter st;
tel.Maln394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beatlns work*: price*
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison st. :teI.Mi3slon 263.
¦ X)EirT 55? r ™ ~^,^-l°-
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Can; pot streak;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 80; filling** 50c ;
plates. J5; full set: all work painless an<f
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sbr.ly
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting "whea, plates ax«
wad*; old plates made over like"Be.w: teeth
ltom'%% per set; extracting 30c; ga» given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Bet teeth $1 50 up: crowns.$2 up;fllUngs.23c.
GOLD fillings 73c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2: na
pe.ln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH haa moved ttem 847 Geary
st. to 680 Geary at. _________
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. f"urgeon-denUst.r.l4.1«t
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. OTaWlL
ALL work guaranteed by the New Tork den-
tlsta. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 9C9 Mission. cor. 8th»
DKESSaSAKXIHS ASTD EEAMSTaXS3jS3
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
FINKELSTEIN.410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor wits
to order: on lnstallm'ts If desired: reaa; call.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
__^ EDTJCATIOyAI-,
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w*
moved to new fireproof building. T3S Mission
•t., between TMrd and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light; finest in the West:
come aad see. S. F. BU3INES3 COLLEQ3.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; ref s. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting give*
more performances and securea more engage-
ments for students than all Other Western
schools; special ••¦nmct courw. 414 Mason.
E. R. ATRES, founder of Ayres Bustnesa Col-
lege, has returned: 'bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, »ypirg; $5 month; life scholarship
(SO; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 143S Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; »9 mo.
ENOrNEERIN'j — Civil, elec.. mm., mech.. sur-
rey, assay, cvanlde: day. ev.: est. 18*4; Van
der Nation School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story wrltinr aid Journal-
lam meet on.Mon., Wed. and Thure.. 2 p. ro..
333 Phetan h\dg. • terms very reasonable
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pa,e. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van New
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.'
1 A— GALLAGHKU MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S_ Market at. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, eor. 2a
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght at.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hia-
man's School of Dancln*. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.ttc.Prof.Da Fillppe'sAeademy
of !anguagea,1018 Pest: est. 1871 :ablest profa.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mail- and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL «~>F ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Halght:
individual instruc: all branches; day. eve. -
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $6 mo. $30: eve. $4 ma; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 823 Ooldra
Gate ave.. g. F. : "R-PHie catalns on request
EMPXPTOnBHT orrxess.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc*
supplies beat help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office—^Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st ; tel. Main 5753.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung*s. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 42flL
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 413 Stockton; -
best help. Fritz TareagakLmgr.. tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLET & CO.. 840 Clay.
gMPLOTMBirr WAirTEP— yrM- *?•*?
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern lady wishes position
as housekeeper or care of an Invalid."
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCT. 14
Third at., tel. Bush 405.
A SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework In a small American fam-
ily: wages $23. Please call at 2282*4 Ftf-
teenth at. '
HOUSEKEEPER, young lady, wishes petition
In widower's family: fond of children; good
cook and needle woman; moderate; refer-
encea. 417 Stockton st. -¦¦-:¦ _
RESPONSIBLE German lady wishes to take
in washing. Address Laundress, box 2067.
Call office. ¦-
RELIABLE girl wishes general housework; -
waxes $25. Call at 612 Octavla st.. Bear
Hayes, 12 to 6. - ¦• ..¦ ±
X TOUNG woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework in a small family: would go
across the bay. Call at 253 Tehama at.
TWO reliable young women: one for cooking
and other for second work and waiting la
private American family. 708 Gough Bt.
WANTED — Position by experienced cashier;
can furnish reference*. Box 2016. Call.
GIRL to assist in housework la Jewish fam-
ily. S Gough st.
CHILDREN'S plain sewing neatly done, reas-
onable prices; lace curtains laundered. 35c up. -
Phone Folsom 022; 28 Dope st.. betweea
Ninth and Tenth and Howard and Folsom.
WANTED — By a reliable woman who ts a good
cook, a situation in a small family or as"
housekeeper; best references If required. Ad-
dress H. C. box 1944. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — By a younj girl; to in-
housework and cookinjr. Please call at 303
Vicksburg st.
' TOUNG lady wishes situation as dreas-nakfr-
! by the day $1 75 and lunch. 408 Hyde st.:
I phone Sutter 41U. y*J
A STEADT. competent person wishes a post,
tloa to do general housework; small family;
wagea $20. 1813 Pin* St., near Gough.
SEWING by machine and hand neatly .don<T
for $1 a day and carfar*. Address box 1071
Call office.
WANTED— A situation by re»p*etabl« woman
as a first-class cook; city reference given.
Address S74 Olive are., near Laguna st*
A COMPETENT dressmaker wtahe* work by
the day or at home, $2 and lunch: at homtr
after 8 p. m.; phone Scott StA. M." Myrtle av.'
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks GermaJv
good pianist, best of reference* «a to char-"
. acter. wants a ' situation. ¦ Box 17T0. :OUl_.
AN elderly lady wishes a position as house* *
keeper;, city or country. 138 Firth, «., • bet
Ml salon aad Howard.
1 ITU IT IT " ITD FIT ¦ I
| TOBOGGAN MAPLE SYRUP I
I t^^^^^^^m TO WANT ADVERTISERS |
;§:! IBS \l IfjRf/QU/$f* §§§ tkf __ _£% s a _#>% un . : :s
1 8 ! ' fpfpfiw X /J^ ~~ / 1 1 fitful _ CW^B _)"_^t JP %t* *Gt V 9^k Mfv _PQ^H 9 tf^ B 0%l B h A
«: Wm Wpfyi' lit EH I^iC/Lfc duO^lCi y w M^Clfll :¦$
i? !> Ety?SS j&-l_f*i> rZ? J iliUhJ^iSjfll, HUE! A PAN «^TT TrUsT" DWIDITCT^ '' K> '
Js BvUS fsS£^jur\. — """"'""v ''i'L'/ii'l/ wOm ¦ /Tk V/.rt.i^i v/r inCc rutvJ&j i ].«
h ¦ _S :^^^i^44I ' H Vermont Mflifolfi Svruft si
i; lilj K / ffi^W'/j&L \ l5 81 *^ M° s t* Welcome Article on Any Table |:§
| WM y0 t jp /Jj 5 *-M J| \S2j ||| The supply of Maple Sugar made is limited. !:|
I: Wm fWy £@k(f /f iffl *^^ e# su £ ar f° rests are constantly growing smaller; i i
§i: pi \r |/^vp|f 7 ill |#V HI *k e demand for Maple Sugar or Syrup is steadily be- :||
|: Wm m^W'i 1 ml )M ii coming greater. In consequence the temptation to |:1
|| H| f/Ml^M liiMn\ m adulterate is very great. Secure a can of Toboggan :|
|| III Jiljilf/ I' I ffiw ill Maple Syrup and learn what Pure Maple Syrup i||
8; 111 (Z^r^ / I •' JP iff tastes like. Any one bringing a "Want Ad" to |:|
I'' H AflAPLE$< pI* 'ii our office ;||
1 I |I THURSDAY, FRIDAY I
1 \W^^ffl^BSBm " OR SATURDAY g
§ | ; >^|||||^^ a can of this Syrup. ; : |
1 CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. §
I OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY |
-I * A,WM>^»«^»^^.. ~ 1 . <~ys~~~~,~ f^*^^ ' ~»~^«J,O-,.¦.*¦ . f . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -SEPTEMBER .29, 1904.
11
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$*. 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chelcert lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a brlllard table: in utrtut
prade; close to fln» school: not far frcm t_e
Mission-st. electric cars: secure one a< an
Investment and by the tlm« it is paid Jor it
w1!l have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past y«»r: buy
row before vrlces become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE. *,.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 8704.
$1150— COR. Silver ave. and Congdon; cottage
4 rooms: must be\*old ooon.
$1600— Cottage. 4 rooms; 220 2Sth st. ; will
loan $1200 on thi9 place. D. COFFIN A
CO., 2528 Ml*sion st.. near ,21st.
$4100 — TWO sunny flats, 11 moms: cottage of
4 rooms in rear; all In llr-tt cla.-ia order.
210 Valley st.
A $2000 HOME built to stilt you. lot Included,
any location, on *1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
A FINE buildlnj: site; near Twenty- fifth -st.
station, on Valencia st. ; make offer. Bo_
l!>40. Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHX—
BACH fc MAYF.lt. plumb*r«. VW Howanl M.
EEAl^ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On Bm of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from Sth and Market
ste. ; outside th<- fog b«lt -nd Just b«yon<t
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff
will, join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50-foot lots from $40O up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots tn subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this denirabla section es
easy terms: take the electric cars and git
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGER3 & CO.
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
RSAXi ESTATE — COU_TBY — For Sal*.
CATTLE ranch, 175O acres, Sonoma County,
lying west of fc'kaggs Springs; GuaUla River
runs through ranch: fine feed, scattering
timber .and tanbark plentiful: numerous
sprlngsr 8 acres in fruit; 40 in grain; house,
barn, corrals, chicken houses, etc.; grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; 3U0O acres
fenced; price of the 175O acres deeded Und,
$12.CU0. D. M. HANLON. 168 Crocker bldg.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best Ian4
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market St.
CTICgSK BARCgES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing -fine orchard en gentle «lope:
size to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit; call f r detalla; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Milla bldg. ¦
ESTATE^ TO JXCEAN OB..
. . FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE!
160-ACRE fruit ranch at Portervllle. tn full
bearing; mostly prunes, some peaches, 18 acres
alfalfa, splendid buildln-s. all necessary fruit
houses, drier and trays, in fact fully equipped
for handling the crop: price S30.000: ¦will sell
on easy terms or exchange for good property
in San Francisco or Oakland; good reasons for
tellin..
J. H. EDSON. Sole Agent.
14 and 13 Bacon block.
Oakland. Cal.
SEAL ESTATE WA-TTEP.
[ WANTED — Vacant lot or house and lot with
lease for term of years, for plant nursery.
Call or address F. A. MILLER. 215 Hayss.
ALAMEDA ADVEKTS'M'TS
AX.AMEDA FTTZHnSZ-ES HOUSES.
WILL lease, to responsible people only, beauti-
ful home of 11 well furaUhed rooms; large
grounds, fruit trees, stable and carriasre-
house; very reasonable; water free. Box
1544. Call office.
FKUITTALE ADV'T'SMNTS
PBUTT VAI.E EEA1 ESTATE.
I^rlAVE a lot 25xf4G~~central location, 10 min-
utes' walk from local train. 1 block from
cars, high and dry; I can build you a 4-rootn
house for $10O down, balance on easy terms;
price only $1350. M. C. GIBSON.
1326 Fruitvale ave.
Near Fourteenth st.
FOR SALE— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for »2O
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-thlrd ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND AD\ T ERT y S > M ? T8
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
PA-H-AHI) 8-A-1 ESTATE.
KARL H. NICKEU
Room 62. Bacon Bid*
LINDA VISTA HOME
fJOTT 55 FEET FRONT.
NEW. ,
Reception hall; living room with large bay
window; dining-room with high panels la
Flemish oak finish, and with handsome fire-
place; kitchen with large pantry. Four larjs
bedrooms with elcseta in each room and a
bathroom with modern appointments. com-
prise the second floor.
$500 cash and $40 per month.
LINDA VISTA HOME.
Room 63. Bacon B'Ag
KARL hTnICKEU
830O CASH. $12 monthly — Chicken ranch; 2
acres- land: fronting on two roacadaml-vti
streets: 3-rocm ccttage: brooding- houses;
barn; 2 chicken-houses; Al brooder; 2 in-
cubators; fine well water: fruit tree*; best
sandy loam soil; 3 blocks to electric c_ra
and public school: price all told $000o; If de-
sired will sell 1 acre and Improvements,
adjoinlnr East Oakland. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh st.. Onkland. opposite
Broadway station; carriage free. HENRY Z.
JONES, owner.
|3400— NEAT cottage: 5 rooms and bath: tot
25xl0rt; ¦ 1 bl<x* from Clinton Station, East
Oakland. Apply room 00. Chronicle building.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In tani-
tnre. H. Schelhaas. 11th St.. cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
PIVIDE-TP WOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The, Claremont Oil Co.,
on October 1. 1904, will pay a dividend.
No. 4, amounting to $4500. equal to one (lo
cent per share on its issued capital stock,
payable at the office of the cocipany, ~Z I
Mill* bntldlng. this city. Transfer books
close MONDAY. September 26. 19«4. at noon.
GEORGE J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of threa
dollars per share wilt bf> payable at t_e of-
fice cf the corporation, 464 California st.. San
Franclicov October 1. 1904. Tranafer book*
will close Pectember S3. 1904.
JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary. .
TV VIS WRITERS A_n^SUJM»31IBifc^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, Na. t
gmith Premier. $55; other typewriter* al
higher acd lower Fnces: rental* $3 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Ty pa writing Inspee. Co.. 60S Marxst.
'BTCAyi.
A WAY to health; mothers* and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VtAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
Continued on Fage Twelve
MOHXT TO 5_> A j s _^_C? ntI 53 lea -_
CRESCENT~_2an CoTloans to salaried pe'ople
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rlalto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other . security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to Iobd at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamond?, pearls and precious »tones> bought
¦: at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow money on Ealary until you we
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Lo&n Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bigg.
ON real estate and chattels! E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market at.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cen:
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Rsarny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $19 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy »t.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
tndorser: MORRELL. «00 Exnuniner building.
JMXDIOAp.
LADIES deslrir.s eafe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee3 . CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience la all fa-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C-2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8. '
LADIES — It you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
tbee« conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call er
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
_H^WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRSjTdR WTETh! specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2S Post it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llfct guaranteed. 1003^4 Market at., opp. 8U_
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regutatlng pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt, of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. "
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located At 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never falls; a protec-
tion without Internal medicine; price $2 per
box. FROSTS Chemical Agency, 1104 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
orisinal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWTER, 611A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny _: Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom st.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; CIO.
MUSIC A £ rKr^T^TT"" "*.
Erarii, splendid for practice. $4'>
Sherman, Hyd-s & Co.. splendid order S12.'»
Grovcsteen & Fuller, a bargain $145
Also Chiekering, Wfcber, Steinway,- Vose,
Hteek. i-terllng and others at low prices.
BKNJ. CI7RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month ur>, rent or purchase: lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new jiianr.s; al! makes In used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary St.; Oak- j
• land, 1232 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
CLOSING OUT SALE— Pianos, Just as good as
new; must be sold before October 15. Prices
range from $110 to $165. Cash or Install-
ments.. 7b!) Market St., second- floor, over
Auditorium . Penny Parlor. First come, first
served. , *
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Cur tax Piano Co.. 56O-62-64
Hayes st.: tel. Fell 6761.
Talkin? machines, guitars, etc.: easy payments;
! month's ptano rent free. Bruenn, • 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany caso; cheap. Hornung, 216 MeAlllster.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as gocd as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY 808-812 Post st.
NEW upright pianos' sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAX. Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AETO STORES TO X.E _'.
OFFICE furniture and carpets for sale; office
to let. 36 Geary st.
FOR rent— Section ot large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 10O New Montgomery St.. 7th floor
gEgsoarAM. .
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half or face treated ; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pltttngs, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
_Writ*. MME. GILLJNGHAM. 131 Powell St.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life,. a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept n<j> substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 Polk.
MY wife, Alice Palmer, has left my bed
and board; I shall not be responsible for any
debts contracted by her. ED. PALMER,
San Francisco, September 26, 1904.
C.ncerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured" by
skilled specialist from Europe. \ Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; ingrain, bru_-
selB, tnpestry an<l moquette; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
fcti'J Market St., Oakland; take West Sth car.
"REXRADIO'S" offices again thronged (Tues-
day) ; numerous patients greatly benefited;
testimonials shown. "Wj Market st.
A~GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.,
121 Gean; st. — Bust development, electro-
lysis, magnetlsni^tnaMage.^^^
ELECTRIC light baths; baking for rheu-
, mat ism; all kinds of hydrotherapy; 253 Geary
st.- entrance, suit 27; even'gs by appointment.
YACHTSMEN and business men — All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718, Call office.
AT Jess than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, lor $14 75. Fred Wagner, 800 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$) a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds: easy payments.
: P. V. OARIN, 138 Montgomery •_
ONE Dollar weekly keeps 1 you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutter. Mlsa Eaton. £33 Ge_ry,r.3£.
LADIES ind gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit ?7 50; dress pants $2 50. '.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
. country orders^jGOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
, FSTSXOZA1TS AND SUSO-OK3.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021M Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
BLOOD.' skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1O731S Market it,
REMOVED— DR. WONg" HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of -the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason »t.. now lo-
\ cated at 667 Geary st.. . near Leaven worth.
WONG -WOO. tbc "famous herb doctor— AH dis- j
. eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay ] s t_ J
JCEIiP WAlTTEp— BjLajjjE^Conjinnefl.
A— MURRAY & READY, (C54 and 036 Clay Bt.
Pbone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak thu German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
190n We Gave C - 1904 We Hope to
tiO.OOO Men Work. Increase UO.OOO.
—CARPENTERS— .
Upholsterer, ?2 50 day.
a shinglers, 50c fare, |1 per -M.
6 woodworkers, $00; 5 bench " hands. $90;
table maker; 3 brush makers; band sawyer.
—12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 DAY—
PLUMBERS, FARE PAID.
12 plumbers, no union, $4, day.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Slack coopers; 2 varnish finishers.
"Gang trimmerman, far«, $_ 00; $50 found.
1 Well-digger, understands _aa engine, $40 fd.
1 Leverman, gasoline engine, dregdger, $73.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and ti30 Clay st.
~~ — LUMBER SYNDICAl'E —
25 laborers' work on railroads, $tJO.
NEW JOBS.
. . 155 Woodchoppers.
12 BOILER MAKERS.
12 Boiler makers. 1- -Boiler makers.
32^-c to 36%c hour. 3Z\^c to hour.
Free fare — Manager at our office — Free fare.
- ¦ BOYS— BOYS — BOYS.
25 boye or .young men, box factory, $35 fd.
FARMS DAIRIES, ETC. 1
Handy man, slaughter house, $20 to $25 fd.
14 choremen, boys, Bee us, $15, $20, $30 f d. -
26 general farm hands, steady jobs, $30 fd.
BAKERS.
Foreman cako baker, $25 week.
3 helpers different bakeries, $20, $25, $35 fd.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city. % "
BUTCHERS.
6. sheep butchers, $30. • |
4 knife men, $2 75. '•'• sausage makers, $14.
COOKS.
18 cooks, different places, $30, $40, $50, $70 fd
BELL, ELEVATOR BOYS — BEDMAKERS.
0 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
Married farmer, southern town, $SO and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO* DAY.
65 track men, anyHaborer will do.
$87 50. TO $75 00.
Wheelwright, Nevada State. $«J0 fd.
LAUNDRY.
Man to take contract cut lumber, boas here.
Strong handy man with butcher knife, $2 60;
2 starchers, shirt ironers.
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay st.
GREKK porter, saloon, country, $25 found.
5 iron molders, $3 day and found.
5 Iron molders' helpers, $2 day and found.
Sign patnteSr, wagon, etc.. fare $1 25, $32 50
and found.
Carpenters, mine, $90.
MANAGER HERE.
12 hand miners, good mine, $75 to $82 50. f
BOX FACTORY.
2 cut-off sawyers, country, $75.
2 band sawyers, country, $75.
SCRAPER FOREMAN. ?7.Y
NON-UNION PLUMBER— CITY.
Steward. Slavonian, $50 and found.
Portuguese farm foreman, $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634?t53<> Clay st.
6TL~ FIELDS. ~
10 laborer*, oil fields,' etc., $60.
Helper. - city, caniet sale, warehouse, $40,
3 painters, city house work. $3 day.
Man pack vegetables, etc., -city. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 LABORERS. $(50.
MURRAY & READY, 634.(126 Clay st.
Foreman scruper gang, . boss here. $75 found.
SHIP CARPENTERS..
12 ship carpenters, $4 day.
Matcher and sticker hand, $3 50 day.
Carder for cotton machine, $2 25 day.
—WATCHMEN— , ,
Watchman and fireman, city, factory, $50.
Man drive hide wagon, $75.. .•.• ¦ •:
House man, city, private family, $20 found.
3 boys for city stores, $4 weak. . ?"• J ¦
3 laborers, help carpenters, fa*e 10c. $1 50 day
12 laborers, 50c fare, prlvato work, $60.
SPECIAL .
Chef cook, commercial hotel, fare $l, v $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634 CLAY ST. ; '
WANTED — Twenty men and women, to learn
the barber trade: a new method which en-
ables the student to earn wages while he Is
learning; f»pecial Inducements this month:
for particulars call or address HAIGHT
BRANCH. 647 Commercial at.. S. F.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO., hotel brokers. 26 Mont-
gomery st., S. F., furnish managers, stew-
ards, chefs,-, clerks, cashiers, housekeepers
and bead -.waiters' for hotels, xesqrts and
clubs/. . 'f/;. .. ¦ ¦ - M :' . U ¦;•«'¦¦•• * . :
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required." constant practice • and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ment* this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College, C35 Clay st.
ALL unemployed clerks. ' bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
. to realster with ¦ us free of charge. HORD
6 SMITH. 95 Third St., S. F.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to f>Oc per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 80
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 Sd st., Exm. bid. :open till 9 p. m.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 603 Howard gt.
TWO young men at 751 Mission st., to learn
the barber trade. ¦
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
WANTED— Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition in S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
th« world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.,r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
Chips; HALLBERT. ni 7 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls,r.40,Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
piice. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st ami 2J sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting; 25c
tn BOc B63 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 23 sts.
_ J HORSES ..AgX__W*J»ONa. -| . |
FINE river, bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, qontra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
A FINE new nibber-tlred buggy for sale cheap.
Apply SMI Bcott at., fruit store.
FOR sale— Buggy hor^e, $40. Apply 1317 La-
guna st. *
YOUNG buggy mare for sale. Apply 911 37th
st., Oakland. ,
FOR sale— Horse, suitable for delivery wagon.
Box 11S4. Call office. ¦ ; -. '
A LIGHT business buggy for sale reasonable.
Box 1064, Call office^
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 10S0 Mission st,. nr. 13.th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harnesd
every Wednesday at 11 a. in. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har»
nasi, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
A^piRINTEBTTEToTnouses to let; sendToTcirT
cular. G. H. UMESEN Ss. CO., 20 Montgomery.
100 Buchanan, cor. house, 8 r.. I'dry, fine yard
and view; new plumbing; $30 to good tqnant.
• Hopsas to
SUNNY, modern, 10-reom bousa and C-room
Wat, elegantly furnished. -411) Oak st.
HOWARD, 2180, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms, J
nicely furnished; Mission warm belt: 1 to 4.
gopsss rpsinsHED— roa sai»s.
FURNISHED sunny, corner house for sale.
cheap; going away;, good income. 004 Pine st.
I ¦ nrvAxiD ogAias. - \
BOLD rented, 'exchanged; ' manufacturers of
Eareea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel.F«rk 77B.
EOST AWO POU»P.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM H. FERGUSON. No,
27C-1375. • The finder will pl«ase return to
bank. ¦., . ; ¦' ... - . . ¦ ¦
LOST— A pass book with, the Hibernla Sav-
ings and, Loan Society of San Francisco In
th« name of MARY A. SWIFT, No. 191-630.
Finder will please return to bank.
LIKE FINDING MONEV. • ; - , " ' j
¦ Selling your old sold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Caso .Factory to be made into pew |
watch cases. 220 gutter et. '. • .. .
LOST— Lady's gold watch, diamond In back;
' also' blue enameled gold fob • with bear- en-
graved, . attached, : Return 2748 Stelner at. ;
liberal-, reward. V: V ' :'; ; • . : : ;
LOST— .Sausaiito.' large lemon & white pointer
dog: reward. T«=.W. KING. Whlta House, 8. F.
LOST— Small heart, ; chip diamond and initial
¦:, "M." : on b^ack;. reward. 5* Zoe »t., ...;..-',.,
r ___»_tOV_IE_rT WANTED — rem*Je--Coa
bTUONG, willing, competent American woman.
LemperaXe, boseft, wants light sweeptas and
u-__bin_ by the d»y; fini Uunarcss; punran-
t«* -_____ctton; jl _3 nnd warfare. lS'J
i< urth rt.. first fiisht, room 24.
XQUXG GemsJI woman with child 3 year*
ol<J wrfasbea situation its houscUrencr: »><>*:
reference. AdOnts 01 call at 1.*. J-'out'i i-ixth
tt.. Ban Jam, Cat-. Mit8. HELKNA
WHMIUT.
A CHANcr. -Cii!aM<\ experience- tttnograph-
e-r; eeatnl]> located; v.ho has £jjaie time,
would hke tome outside- work; copying or
<3!rt_t».<J; owns ni.-ciiine; charge* reasonable.
Uax !___, Call office.
A NKAT. reliable \oung woman wants posi-
tion in a tniell family to do general house-
work _nu plain miking; no washing nor chil-
dren; wapes ?2j. AUdress li. M.. 1212 Hyde
Mrcot.
COOK (GerrrianV if fiirt c!»fs In American.
. F"r»-nch and ij«*__t <-<x;kinK; attends to
!;••_. Vfti 4cpartmc_t <.>:ily: ref«r-ncc*. lt>15
_-£Z__Q_Kt<> tt. . •
MABBIED co«|d« lS_wdl_W want position;
woman, first-cist^ cook; man. irooU horse-
:_»?> atid »!1 round haritiy man; city or coun-
try. Jjox -Out*. Call office.
TOI"N'« P' rl wl— h_i general house— rork in
ttelEtihcrbooa d Golclca Gato Park or the
r_rth_n_Je district: -.-3£t»s, $:>•> to $25. Call
at 7" sycamore ave., bet. 17th and 18th sts.
YOUNG v.oir.an who attends school in rnorn-
:ap era-Id like li^ht housework and cooking
:-> do cTif rnoon*; wlilins to _ct breakfast.
!icx 2007. Call office.
•pRKSSMAKHR. ooat and suit maker; ladles'
Uikwioc: flr>t-cl_s3 cutter and fitter; cnl>
!:rr.;-cl.tsK work done; engagement by the
<l;.y. &HES BARSS. Sherman Houte. 28 8th.
Vot Xii eiri wants place in small
0 f«»r!!y: j-e-eral housework nnd couking- Call
p. ,\UA>\ Tr»_t .-.ve., necr Twenty-fourth; be-
twx.cn 2 and 4.
TCtrXd American won-.an with email child
(• r e_ii Uke _ i'la> • to d>> light housework for
«_iaU waies. _20 Poufclass Et.. nr. ISth.
_:v iv?ii>p«i yourjg la <iy, position as coropanioa
U> elderly lady: city or country; highest per-
o-;r:_! -efererceti. AddreirS box 1401. Call.
StTATION as co-k; best cf references. 2217
i't>st st. _
FITUATION wanted tr first-class cook: city
2 e rj_i«.iirar.t or ix>-rtiing-h'->m*- ZQS Natvini.
A nUESCpn laundress take* trashing home;
"pen sir ur> : phone Fcge T9">1.
- LADV would like to assist dressmaker who
takes in tewing at home. 901V, Buchanan st.
WOMAN wishes a position as cook's help or
dish* ashrr. Apply 5~« Miseion st. .
A FRK.NCK iBUfdroes take.- washing home;
r> open' sir dry; pfcojie Fajte 7931.
Ar>VEnTISEMKNTS. subscriptions received at
Call Bian. h office, cor. Duncan and Church ft*.
WANT a<*.« «nd nubsc.-IpUora taken for The
Cs!! at Katcri'M Batmr. C3."i McAllister St.
rMPIfOTMEMTT WANTED — MAIi-.
COACHMAN wants position; good careful
driver mid v!I around horseman; experienced
in «!! kinds of work around a private resi-
d«-n.t-; srUUar and obliging. Address box
_**&. Call efnee.
A — SITUATION wanted to take cart- of a prl-
0 vat*- place by a trustworthy man (Dane);
ur.dtrttar.ds pard»*n:ng, hor»?s, milking; good
referenoes. Box 14S-S, Call office-
A "PTKAPY on<J gv^ber man wsnts position In
xi-hotesair liqut^r houne to deliver goods and
• tkU" order-. <«r x«ilirit; good references. Ad-
dress 72^1 York et.
MIDI JLF-- AGED man, German. Al gardener
in a;i©t* branches; t-ob«r and willing; able
to t^kt- chanf of gt-ntleman's place: wife a
*ood cc>k: only 2 in family. Box 2014, Call.
ALL-BOirND han.iy. reliable man. with 25
>varc.' >xperit ncc handling men. weighing,
inking rhnrjre. wants i<ermanent work. Ad-
«lre«_ " Hampton court.
A OKHMAS waiter. Quick worker, want* po-
t-ition in bakerj-restaurant at once. 153
Minua Ft.
CARPENTER wishes work direct from owner;
r-i-airlnr hounen by the day of jub. Address
G. \\\, 712U '."iementlna et.. city,
J A ICO. 1 liarlf-r wants either short or steady
hour J.>h. - Ad<ires_ Iterlwr. -1400 Lacuna «t.
KX-<X'N t %"ICT. re-.-ent!y converted, capable of
tntc>Ilis:«-.t -ppllration. wights for a new start
¦ with Christian employer. Particulars Paul-
0 -ell. Superintendent Peniel Mission, 738
Hyde et.
TC'l'NG rr.an. 20 years old. 4 years' experience
first-cl-ss hotels, knowledge French, Ger-
man. Er.gli.-h. wants office position in hotel.
Address MAP.TIN J. DUTTBERND. 1028
Ja< V.son st.
GROCER havirg long and successful experi-
ence _s ma^acer and buyer is open for an
er.jrajrenient in any part of the State. Box
15T;S, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store or bar-
room; eood references. W. BOHLJNG, 417
Keurny st.
YOVSG man, 17 years old. wishes position In
«hclee«l« hou**. office or outside work; best
cf reference*: 2^» years' experience. Box
2O00, Ceil office.
GARDENER, fir*t class, single, of long expe-
rlenrt in landscape and greenhouse work,
withes situation: private or commercial place;
r»a>»rence. Address G. D.. box 1870, Call.
WANTED— Ey •xpeneneea janiior and house-
cleener. any kind of inside or outside work
by the day: also email, light room In ex-
onange for work. I. MEYER. 110 Hyde et.
GARDENER, thoroughly experienced and com-
prtant to a-curoe full charg* of first-class
private places, dealres permanent pocttiou
iKrnediately. Box 1929, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, man about place,
»!(¦:,-* position; best of references. Box 1969.
©_"*11 _iflc«.
Bl/TLER. Da ntah. ~r!shes a pedtiOB. city or
country: has first class references. Box
1301. CaH.
WOL'LD Jike position as watchman; first-class
i-sfertnc*: wiJl give $1000 security; strictly
tob».r. Agflrtea P. I. ROWAN. 1234 Pierc« st.
A ETEADT sober young man from Ohio would
like place in a. private family. S, GHEEN-
ELacii. i0i3 Mxtsion tt.
EOBER man <35). Ameriaan, wants work In
country or private place: -races no object;
- references. Box 14*6. Call office.
NIGHT -.atehui.- or janitor work; steady.
t*t>«r man; will put up cash bond. Box
1C_3. Call -fflc«.
WANTED— 17<aerltlcn by a flm-claw Chinese
a r<>oM: f-mlly or hoarding-hootm B. U, 1113
'-'lay et.; ul. Black gS-S.
A f/kTXKJSSJt hesest boy vants poaition !n
t;tar» or cilice at i,-eacral -.ork; tpeaJtx weil.
JAMES HilljUU, care of Japanese Art
litcrc. _:_ Po*t »t.
A JAVANESE want* a situation as an assls-
tent rock or general housework, city or
eeaatry. GKOr.GE. c*r« Nippon Co., 50f
I-'^r<crit tt.
A JAPANESE -.ants a situation as an assist-
ant cwk <^- t-enerai housework. NAKATO.
tit> Pta, »t. 0
A i*AI';"UFi:L Japaj.e»t b«y want* work morn-
TMfa tor a r^csa. i:_» Pin* St.; M. E.
Church. TAVAKA.
A 1 VOl'XG J«p<un:_e wants position a_ valet;
? pealui i:.-.c;uii welL TAKA FUJ1I. 1210U
I_jrk:u tt.
A JAPANEPlv bey wanti a position as school-
V° y in^ Kn;aM Ifitr -"'»- SC9 Ceary st.; phone
Hy_= "Obt.
1 •-—————-—---——«—_—___________________________,
A JAPANESE b<?y v.i>j,«j _ position as SChCOl-
tioy In a. small farotiy. TANAKA, 611 Stock-
'?on st.: tel. EutL £i'5.
JAi'ANKKE mq boy 'vrnr.u r>o*itl<in «s *
frhrx,! boy, K. E., phoae Folsoni 3085. 1504
JFoUom bt.
•6" ~— ¦ , ..„-... . I
JAPANESE conplc would IIV:« situation, man
to do pardenir,» or any other kind of work.
_»jBd «2 fe lo -° cooking.. J21S'y£ Post st.
A SATAtfCSC. 21, graduate ut roedlcarcoilegc.
KWtta riositlcri as astlsunt er orfice boy; city
- ¦-__-__!-'-¦?"• y - l - w - 6n Stockton st.
. > KHItUIT .laiuincs* boy wiunu position for
bmtrfwork -ind walUng; speak* good Knglish.
KlhHI. -.-:.SA OTafrcll «t.. fean FKincluoo.
GOO i D .f 3^" 121^* *>«5 wants a position aa
5***^__| "___*• want _ pcfltlon: rnaa to
«r. .:.tcfcen Mp; wile as second worker Jo *
family. TAMATO. tZi htevcCBon et.. Si K.
JAI'AKESE boy wants poeltion c« echool boy.
A-crgas t <a L*rk!n St.; ttl. 37SC Polk.
A JAPANTFK first-class cock 'wants poicitton I
8 _!i5?*_J_?J_? 1 ljr **i__! *° W0.P.T.O..1583 Pine «t.
JATAKESE. good l«y, wants situation to~_o
--i^S^ii. JKAI - *? 6t.Mary.
A JAPANESE want* a r«w hour-' work of «ny !
Iclnd. day or n!ght. TOAKK. 31g;^ Stockton.
EXPERIENCED Jap_ii«*« wi.he. poeition as j I
»_.lc_-_tn ot u__ture. T. EATO, 181 _Ul_bt.J
PUREST rANCYSELKTED MAPLE SUGAR, WITH WANT AD5-F_R,BE3
I TITITmP WAWTEP— r-MA_E-^on.^
I AAX^^T'iLOYE.S : *I{EGISTE"R"cO:. \
, 21'J KEARNY ST. PHONK BLACK 2446.
j ".ffk icei-si-r, )»'J \vk.
DKfJiitjncea stmoprai.her £: b'npr., $40 start.
Al haivilrwser, f«u mo.
Ikin Lon diiipcr, ¥«"> wt
tialt&lady 101 cloak and FUlt house, ?21 wk.
O:h.ii evenings 7 to U. BROWER k CROSUY.
A — WASTED— Girls to learn hairdressing.
rcaniwrlng. etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 wcolry; tuition $3 to those entering now;
tnree positions to flll Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresging,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
I practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening elapse*; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
R1ENCE NECESSARY; GOOD PAY;
STEADY WORK. LEV: STRAUSS & CO.,
32% FREMONT ST. APPLY TO MR
DAVIS. .
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, with ma-
. chine, 5 hours daily; ?30 to $40 a month.
1 Calif Emp. Agency, 14 Sd st. Tel Bush 405.
I EXPERIENCED tewing machine operators on
I overalls, coats and jumpers: steady work.
LEVi STRAUSS ft CO.. 32& Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis. »
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter; must
he experienced. Apply in handwriting, box
1972, Call.
BRIOHT, quick woman for position requiring
some executive ability; references. Box
2010, Call.
WANTED Immediately— Good waist, skirt and
coat hands. MME. L. LEUENBERGER. 130
Post st.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman to learn
puotograhpy. 368 Twelfth St., Oakland.
I TWO respectable Klrls to do general house-
I work. 807 Treat ave. ,
• LUCRATIVE position open for refined lady
1 with knowledge of music. Box 1691, Call.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st. ¦¦
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.. .Employment Office
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
A SPECIAL SHIP TO-DAY.
NEW R. R. WORK NEW R. R. WORK
Laborer, and splkera $2 day
ti-horse teamsters $40 found
Fare about $1.
Laborers and teamsters $2 50
State of Nevada Fare $7 50
Bcraper teamsters Butte Co.
Fare $3 GO Ship daily
Scandinavian station 'gangs. .. .State of Oregon
Contract work Ship daily,
C. R. HANSEN & CO Employment Agency
42!> Buth st 642 Clay st.
AAA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
21'J KEAIINY ST. PHONE BLACK 2146.
2 experienced collectors, good salary.
Al dyer end cleaner, $18 week up. .
Experienced gas fixture hanger, $3 50 day.
Operator on skirts, $40.
2 experienced butchers, $18 week.
Night elevator boy, gocd salary,
2 trimmers, coopers, $21 week, city.
Young gardener. Oakland, $30 and found.
Upholsterer. $3 50 day.
2 soap salesmen, good salary.
Open evenings, 7-0. BROWER & CROSBY.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
042 Commercial st., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
2 crane men, dredgers,. $40 fd. : butter-maker,
$4i» fd. ; duiryman. institution, $40 f d. ; butch.
er, country shop, no slaughtering, $40 fd. ;
.5 ranch teamsters, winter's Job. . $30 fd.;
same place, 2 farmers, San Mateo County,' $30
fd. ; 15 farmers, $3P-fd.; 2 woodcheppers, $1
tier, oak wood.
DRY- goeds ' salesman. $25 to $27 50 week:
farmer -and wife, gentleman's country place;
biackcmlth. $2 day and board; stableman,
private stable, $30 and found; carpenters, $3
and $4 day. fare paid; wocd turner and
bench hand, $3 50 day; reaawyers, $._ 25
day; farmers, $30 and found; 2 miners, $3
day; laborers. $1 75 and $2 day; cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT _: CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
~ AT HORD & SMITH'S. *
Contractors' Agents. 05 Third st.
LABORERS. LABORERS, LABORERS.
Monterey Co., $2.
Fare $1 5)0; goxxl climate.
Pipemen. Monterey Co., $2 26.
Bench hand, cabinetmaker, $3 50. ,
Upholsterer, city, union scale.
Nevada, teamsters, $2 50.
at califqrniaIEmployment agency.
14 3d et., near Call building. Phone Bush 405
Logging — Woods and Sawmills.
SHIP TO-DAY.
5 mill hands, $35 and found.
4 lumber pilers, $35 and found.
3 laborers. $35 and found.
2 carpenter helpers, Berkeley, $2 day.
» linemen, $2 50 a day.
First cook, country hotel, $60 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pantryman, $40: bedmaker, $20; day clerk,
$40; bell boy. $20.
WANTED — Cash boys and delivery boys. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — Young man who is a thoroughly
experienced dress gooo> salesman. Apply
bet. 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Men and women to prepare | for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars, Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
SOLICITORS and agents wanted; male or fe-
male. Call r, 40, Columbian bldg., 10 a. m.
to 4, Friday.
WANTED — An educated gentleman with good
kniwledge of cyclopedia work; $1000 per
year and bonus. Box 2065, Call office.
WANTED — A salesman for . clocks, etc. Ad-
dress, giving experience, wage*, etc., box
2018, Call office.
WANTED— Young man. 18 to 20. to learn tail-
oring : room and board; small wages. 1318
Van Ness ave.
A MAN of. Indomitable energy and push, a
pood talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 473. Parrott building.
ONK or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no night or Sunday work; S25 security
required. Apply 212 First et.
EXPISRIBNCED Jobber for plumbing and ~%ia-.
ning. CHARLES KEHN. 2037 Sixteenth at.
WANTED— Baker's helper. Apply 1550 Church
st., n-.ar Twenty-eighth, early.
WANTED— Bay. for offico work; between 18
and 19. Apply box 2013. Call office.
MEN to talc? course of Instruction In detective
work: 097 Market st.. room 104/"^
WANTED— Man to work around place.- 1443 I
Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED bnndle wrapper wanted. Ap-
ply Superintendent's office, The Emporium.
FOR salfl — One-half of good paying barber
shop. 122 Third st. •
BARBER — 3-chalr shop for sale at sacrifice;
don't miss it. 1090 Valencia st,
WANTED— A man used to outside work and
well acquainted In, the city; salary. P, O,
, box 2694.
1 — — 1 — 1 — _-—-_-—---_-------_________, — ; __•
1 WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
sample room: state age and references In
own handwriting. Box 1785, CaJl office. .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Ma£
ket — 700 rooms; S5c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggoee to and from ferry.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 1103
Markat st.
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good pay.
Ins business. Address box 10!X>, Call office.
WANTED — A first -class tailor; steady job
guaranteed. H. J. JACOBSEN. Selma, Cal.
WANTED — Lady cr . gentleman to learn
photography. 368 Twelfth St., Oakland,
BOY wanted. 533 Mission at.".
GERMAN; tend bar; useful; wine house; state
ag»; city references. -Box 1862. Call office.'
WANTED--Cooper. to trim whisky barrel*. 24
Commercial st. . ,; ...
BARBER ; shon - far sale: '. on account of otb*r
bUslneaK, Ib35 .Mission at. -
• Ea_PIlrOYjME»T •WA-TTEX) — Male— Con.
j COMPETENT bookkeeper seeks «is_gempnt:
has ti-.crouRh knowledge Ot general office
work cf Khipping an:l gcnc-al merchant's
buslnets; lor tome years re?i<Itnt in Au-
stralia and the Orient; flrst-clas* references.
Box 1900. Call.
YOUNG ilerrcan wishes position as (flshwasber
in hotel, r»»-i_ura:it or bcariii_s lioui-r. Ad-
dress 6&S F0U0CT «=t.
HONEST, willing ycur.R man, lcokfns for por-
ter an_ bartender position: has some experi-
ence tending bar. Box 1753, Call o:fl>c.
SMALL contracts and general jobbing by a
competent carpenter; estimates given. A.
M.. 5175 Nineteenth st.
YOUNG man withes position in dental office;
has had some years" experience; references.
ttox 1074, Call office.
POSITION fcy civil and mining engineer, or
can take thanse <>f niir.e; ten years' experi-
ence; will grj anywhere. Box 200t. CalK
ELHCTi:iCIAN~who thoroughly understands
tstlmatir.g and construction wishes position.
Hox 19C5. Call.
$10 WILL be paid to any one helping me to
iecure suitable position in . office or store.
Box 2031. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by German-Swiss, to take
care of horses and cows. 1309 Stockton st.
BARBER, first-class, neat appearing, wants
work. Write or call 100 Powell Bt.
; WANTED— Place to do alterations in clothing
house, or as pants maker. Box 2011, Call.
FLORIST, with ten years' experience, wants
position. Box 1973, Call office.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants wcrk. Box 2070, Call office.
NON-UNION carpenter wants steady work.
Bex 3X>S. Call office.
A GOOD German dishwasher wishes a posi-
tion in the city or country. Box 1935, Call.
riiATS TO I-ET.
A— 1IOT.-SES and flats to let; an Immense list;
serv-ce absolutely t're*; take advantage of
thif department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25U Geary
St., en the square.
NINETEENTH. 4012. NW. corner Noe. block
to Castro and Eighteenth st. cars — Lovely,
new. upper 5- room modern flat; storeroom;
must be seen, etc.; $25; water free.
BAKEU, 753, nr. G. G. ave. — Modern, sunny
upper flat; 6 rooms and bath; three blocks
f^>m Park Panhandle; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT new flat: 6 large, sunny rooms an<l
bath;" rent f.15 50. 1737 Page St., near
Golden Gate Park.
HAYES, 1737, near park entrance— Sunny
lower flat, ii rooms; hot and cold water;
rent 512 50.
MINNA. 817 — Sunny flats, rents $15 to $17.50;
3 rooms and bath each; janitor service,
scavenger, etc.. free; call and see them.
TWO new elegant upper flats; 6 rooms and
bath: marine view; reasonable. SE. cor. Bu-
chanan and Filbert sts.
NOE. 163-105, near Fifteenth — C-room flats, 1
block north of Market; middle. S30; upper,
$32 50. *
124— LOVELY flat; 5 rooms; all modern and
•URny; yard and cellar; grand view; water
free. 7S6 Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$27 50 — LOVELY flat: 6 rooms; all modern and
sunny; yard and cellar; grand view; water
fre*. 734 Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$32 50— LOVELY flat; 7 rooms; all modern and
sunny; water and hall gas frte. 874A Valen-
cia st.. near Twentieth.
GHEE.V, 2132, nr. Webeter— Most elegant new
10-room UDper flat, with attic; sun all day;
tuperb. unobstructed marine view: $70.
A NEW style flat: 6 rooms and b.; pier, lights.
rent $30. 1570 Oak st. cor. Masonic ave.
A SUNNY modern lower flat; 5 rooms, bath,
yard; $24. 170S Waller, near Park entrance.
POST. 16T.5 — Six rooms and bath; upper flat;
rent reasonable. *-
MINNA. 454— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent
$23; water Included.
$27 50— 6- ROOM cottage, large lawn; 5- room
fiat $25. TUTTLE, 11 Montgomery st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
"b LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
rj-ATB TO X.ST— T XTBIfTSHED.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 6 p. m.. 79 South
Park.
COLE. 410, fronting panhandle, 2 blocks from
Park entrance — Sun all day in every room;
8 rooms and bath; can be seen from 11 to 2.
THREE sunny rooms, with bath; new and
modern; have to b« seen to be appreciated;
open dally. 072 Eddy et.
FURNISHED flat for sale or for rent ; 6 rooms.
1530*4 Market at., off Van Nesa ave.
MODERN 3-room sunny flat; rent $42 50;
water free: furt.ishinrs at a bargain. 178
Oak at.; call between 10 and Z.
TO let — 1 furnished housekeeping rooms. Call
between 8 and 12, 2 and 5, 1456 Grove «t.
GOING to Europe; will sell 6 flrst-elaas fur-
nished room* at sacrifice. 61CB Greenwich st.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished 7-
room flat. Apply morninirs.
rUBM-lTU-tE rOB SAI»P.
H. MEYER & Co. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 783 Mission :tel. Bush 813.
$75 WORTH uf furniture for $7 60 down, $1 50
ytr wetfc. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Poat at.
rtrjR-TrruBB wahtep.
ABE LEVY. " ~--~— -™
Sale_room. 1135 Market st. Ttl. Jesale 781.
Don'* sell your furniture, carpets, office ;ur-
niture. etc.. until you get hia estimate. _-
'i COOKS. American family, no washing. .
, *30-$35
4 cooks, German style $30-s:;."i
Cook, private hotel, city, 25 people $4i>
£ parlormaids, country $30
3 Becond girls, city $20-$-o
Upstairs work and help with children >_o
3 nurse srlrls city and San Rafael $25-$30
Lady's maid, city !>:«>
Chambermaid and waiting, country...... $25
Housework for Nevada, see lady here. .. .$30
Housework, Redding, fare here ,..,$30
Nurse, jrlrl.f Marysvllle. >ee lady to-day.. $20
Kitchen helper, email hotel S23
Cook and second girl, came house. .. .$30-$25
And other places, too many to advertise?
Call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Butter Bt.
A CHAMBERMAID for first class hoteljn city,
$25 and found.
A German nurse for grown children, $30.
A French nurse for grown children, $50.
A caoable waitress and parlormaid, for 2
Ui family, W0 (see lady hers to-day).
An af.Kittant nurse for San Ratael, $2.0.
A lady's maid to travel, $30.
A first-class laundress for private family,
city. $33.
A second girl. 2 In family, for Napa, $30 (see
lady here to-day).
MISS PLUNK ETT. 435 Sutter. near Powell.
WANTED— First -class skirt fitter pn tailor
¦kirtE. that Is able to take full charge ot
workrocm; fine position to right party.
FRANCES, 814 Butter et.
FIRST-CLASS ikirt hands wanted" FRAN-
CES. 814 Sutter st.
WANTED — A competent saleslady for ladles'
underwear and hosiery; steady position and
good salary; for Reno, Nev. Apply to M.
LEVY. 18 Sutter ct.. 'at 11 a. m. and 2 p.' m,
WANTED— Stenosripher and typewriter; must
be experienced. Apply in handwriting, box
1972. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦ •
WANTED-^Experienced ¦ ealeswoman. Apply
between 9 end 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WRAPPERS wanted: none but experienced
need apply. 'MARKS BROS.j 1220 Market st.
WANTED—^Lady to work in tailor shop. '716
Valencia st. •" '¦
WANTED — Scandinavian or German grlri -to
work in kitchen; waees_$25. 510 Turk gt.
WANTED— A. stenographer. Address box 2017,
Call off.ee.. . - .
WANTED— A woman to cook. Apply 2030
Seventeenth ct. ' ' •
GOOD pants finishers wapted. S50 Market it.,
room 48. .
WANTED— A l» undrew; $30 month. Call at
016 Leavenworth. -
wantpd— Girt for candy store.. Apply G.
KKRELAKE:. 419 Ellis gt, "
MACHINE glrla and finisher* on vests. 641%
btevt oBva et., bet Seventh ; and Eighth- -- ,
ItOST AMD FOUNT) — Continued.
LOST — Black and tan fox terrier dog; hair
clipped off back; reward. 811 Howard et.
LOST — Llewellyn setter; answers name Queen.
Finder please return to 230 Clara St.; reward.
LOST — Pearl cross pin: suitable reward If re-
turned to J. M. GOEWEY. Occidental Hotel.
-.ATTITCHES gp^_ SIEE,
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., root of~Clay
' ft.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mich-ells Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 8 Steuart st. :tel. John 2686.
MATTRESSES *-K"n rr__OW8.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 14S2-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MINES^AKT) MXSTIITO.^
INCORPORATE your mining or business in-
terests; it'a more businesslike; many ad-
vantages; ask mo what it costs; directorate
secured; stock sold; new ideas. A. F. II A-
RASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg., S. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13, 330 Pine st.. will ln-
•corporate and finance propositions of merit;
. buys, sells,- develops and operates mines.
MISCEI ; tAJfEJB0S^- :^^SAIi_;.
wallpap£r.
¦ 3^<3 — Per roll — 3Vic.
7%c, gold embossed; was 35c.
Everyday hc#sehcld paint. $1 a gallon.
These goods are first-class, up to date.
I Samples mailed; write us.
House painting, paper hanging, whitening
and tinting. MERIOAN,-.
. New store. 1424 Ellis st. and 1302 Webster
st. ; phone Jackeon 1821.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc./ etc., bought, sold,
rented and -exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beala st.
BOILERS, engines, _<l-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALXCE-COL.
LENDER. 652 Mission st. '
DOES YOUR }&OOF LEAK ?
Repair It with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; ibest for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market at.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut in prices, RICH-
ARDSON BROS., 1816 Market st.
AN elegant assortment - of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for e&le on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, tells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. W r HITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. T. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rlncs for sale, by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxsdo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton Bt. (formerly at Palace Hotel),
SECOND-HAND wharf plank, 4x12; pine. LE
.ROY HRUNDAGB, 2021 Seventeenth st.;
phone Folsoni 2326. .
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on rmall weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEK'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
THREE pups. 7 weeks old. and one full broke
bitch; high bred Irish setters for sale. 227
Ninf tetnth. ave.. Richmond district.
TRY. our men'« shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
I foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
' charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR gale — Front and back bar; also 8- foot
'showcase. S893 Twenty-fourth st.
TWO ladies' tickets to Denver: good until
October 23. Box 2004. Call office.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks: for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st. .
AN elesant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
FOR- »ale — New phonograph; half price; 60
records. 3CS Twelfth st., Oakland.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
tionth. P. V. GARIN, 138 Montgomery at.
FOR sales — Genuine water epaniel; young dogs.
CHAS. COLEMAN, 426 Natoma st., t,op floor.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large stones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D-
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market et.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good M-haml gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand- THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st. -
MISqSI.I.AlT-^>n^ •WKKTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Adams
bldg., 200 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gents' castoff cloth-
Ing., etc. Tel.* Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
A BIG price for ladies' and gents' casteff
clothing. 022 Folsom st.; tel. FolBom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anr"
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.; tal. Jessie 2S51.
MONBV^TO^HOAW^^
LOAN COMPANY ~(fnc?)—
....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN...
INTEREST 5Mi and 6 par cent..... .
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY.
Second mortgages, life- insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
benda. legacies and undivUUd interests In
property purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN '"OMpwr
suite 107-108 Crocker bld_.; phon* Main OOM
AAA— HERMAN MUHPH V,
601-C02-Hoa Examiner building.
; Quick settlements; no*. disappointments.
Sav« exoenses by de_lins directly.
Estate, s-rcond .undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc., legacies, Hfd estates and undivided in-
terests -In property purchased. /
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on-
lst, _d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
Low rate of interest.
Qiv« full particulars
. of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ,
Money loaned salaried people without kecur- •
lty or indorsement, knowledge of employer pr
any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrtnt bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on B real estate;
1st or 2d morteagea or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place, to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 'I
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned' to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal ; cities. Tolman,. 553 Parent bldg.
ON salaries, insurance I policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc, UNITED
LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St., ./near
Market. ; ; V .
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 23 Stockton st.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, eta, at
_ per cent i>er month.
PRIVATE — Money I loaned on salaries without
- secUnty diamonds or chattels; no- fee; no
com. ; cut raU.Cal.Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 807 Market st,
; ; . LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000. ,
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER * CO., room 4C5 Adam3
.» bldg..' 206. Kearny st. f phone Black 30S6, .-,
I PKR , e«nt on furniture or pianos; no removal ;
: no' commission; no publicity; ,52? up; quick,
quiet, ' confidential. 29 Montgomery at., rm. __.ARRIVED.
"Wednesday. Sept ¦ 23.
Stmr Eureka, Jeisen. 2t hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Sept 23. '
Stmr NewSboy. Leev Crescent City.
Stmr Centennial. Klttsaard. Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sect 2S— Br
bark Kildalton. from Hamburg, for Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA — Arrived Sept 2S— Br ttmr
Aorangl. from Brisbane, via Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG — Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Penn
svlvania. from New Tork. via Dover.
CHERBOURC; — Sailed Ser»t 23 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm\der Gross*, from Bremen and South
ampton, lor New Ycrk.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Mich
igan, from Boston; stmr Cornishman. from
Portland; stmr Kensington, from Montreal;
stmr Oceanic, from New York; ttmr Haver
ford from Philadelphia, via Queenatown.
Sailed SeDt 2S — Stmr Majestic, for Ni"vr .
York, via Quer,nstown; stmr Westerntand. for
Philadelphia, vta Queenstown.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Seot 2»-Stmr
Heligolav, from New York, via ChrtstUns*n<X;
strnr . Kentucky, from New York, via Chrta
tlanla.
O.UEENSTOWN— Sailed Sapt 23— Stmr Saxo
nia from Liverpool, for Boston.
a'NTWEIIP — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
itATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
i Oscar Heyman to John N. Balreutherf lot on
N line of.Precita street. 120:5 E of Mission,
NE 117:614, SE 18:5%. SW to point 31.0?i
NE from beginning. W 31:0»g : $10.
Pauline Franklin to James Comlsky, . lot . on
SE line of Edinburgh etreet, 75 NE of Persia,
NE CO by SE 100, block 46. Excelsior "Home
stead; $— — . - .' . ' . . -
Homer S. and Mlttle B. King to Clara J.
Kent, lot on W line of Stanyan street. 50:2 S
of i Belsrave. S , 75:3. -W 122. N > 75:2%, E 110,
lots 3,. 4 and 5,- Clarendon -Heights; $10.
Sophie ;¦ Jehl ¦ to ;-' Pierre Vigueau, < lot 90, in
block bounded by Tobln. ' Peabody.- Talbert . and
Visitation, Ben Franklin , Homestead • Associa
tion; $10. »::
. L. i P. . Degen ; to = L. - P. Degen - Belting .- Com
pany.* E one-half of , lot' 58, j having ¦ a frontage
of 60% I feet . on Serpentine by .' irregular depth,
P.,y. lands; $5.
A man who had given his name as
Marchand was found unconscious in
a room in the lodging-house at 230
Third street, yesterday, and the
diagnosis at the Central Emergency
Hospital was opium poisoning. It is
believed thatj he will die. . Nothing on
his person gives a clew to his identity.
of 'Timothy A.), lot on SE- line of Prague
street. 175 SW of, Brazil. SW 25 by SE 100,
block 85, Excelsior Honiestead; $10.
, Nettie M. and James M. Maclachlan to ' Sol
omon Getz lot on E corner of Persia and Lon
don streets. NE 60 by SE 100, block 12, Ex
celsior Homestead; $10. y. -¦•..
An entertainment and social in aid
of St. Joseph's booth in connection with
St. Rose's Fair was given last night at
St. Rose's Hall. Brannan street. There
were many present, and a capital
and most entertaining programme was
hugely enjoyed. '
DyinV Man Unidentified.
Aid St. Joseph's Booth.
PROBATE NOTES. — Oakland. Sept. 2S. —
Letters of administration were petitioned for
to-da7 by Arthur F. Agard on the estate of hia
father, J. J. Agard. The estate exceeds $10.C0O
and consists of ranch property in Placer County,
lots In Palo Alto, San Jose. Santa Paula and
Vl«alla promissory notes and cash In bank.
The widow and two children are the heirs.
The will of George N. Andrews was filed for
probate to-day by. his son, Charles B. An
drews. The estate is valued at about J8000
and consists of real property valued at $1CCO.
caeh In bank amounting to $273 40, 10O ehares
of stock of the California . Standard Oil Com
pany, two pipe organs valued at $3300. and a
pipe organ factory valued at f 400. The son
Is to inherit the pipe organ factory. The re
mainder of the estate Is to go to the widow.
MILLER GETS SEVEN TEARS.— The Su
preme Court declined yesterday to grant a new
trial to Clarence T. Millar, who was convicted
of criminal assault in San Bernardino County
and was . sentenced to seven years' imprison
ment at San Quentin. The defendant said
that Irrelevant evidence had been admitted by
the trial court. The prcgrew of the case has
been watched with great Interest by the people
of the locality In which the crime was com
mitted.
SMITH'S TRIAL IS CLOSING.— The prose
cution closed Its case yesterday afternoon at
the trial of James II. Smith, colored non
union stableman, on a charge of murder for
shooting and killing Anthony Owen Gallagher,
a striking stableman, at Post and Polk streets
on the night of June 25. Two witnesses
were examined for the defense. It is expected
that the. case will go to the Jury this after
noon.
KILLED BT A FALL.— Guy Green, a car
penter 21 years old. residing with his parents
at 2021 Pine street, died at the McNutt Hos
pital yesterday morning of Injuries received
in a fall from the second story of a building
on Leavenworth street, near Clay.
ASKS SUPERVISORS FOR FUNDS.— Chief
Hewitt cf the Department of Electricity pe-
Mtioned the Board of Supervisors yesterday
to allow him a sum sufficient to pay for the
relocation of the city's wires, necessitated by
the proposed widening of Mission^ street.
SCHUSSLER EXPLAINS rVANS. — Chief
Engineer Schussler of the Spring Valley "Water
Works occupied the whole of yesterday after
noon's session of United States Commissioner
Heacock's court In telling about the proposed
system of supplying this city with water from
the headwaters cf the Tuolumne River.
SAN FRANCISCO'S B1NEST PREPARING
FOR REVIEW. — The police In the different
districts have been drilled for several weeks
In preparation for the annual review and
parade on Saturday. The reviewing stand will
be at Van Ness "avenue and Poet street. Tha
various companies will assemble there at 2
o'clock In the afternoon, when they will b«
reviewed by Mayor Schmltz and the Police
Commissioners. , K«
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
The beauest of Charles F. Doe of
24 per cent of the $450,000 In his
estate to the Regents of the University
of California was ordered distributed
by Judge Coffey yesterday and the In
stitution will at once be enriched by
$108,000. So much .of the money as
is necessary Is to be used for the erec
tion of a library building for the aca
demic department and the surplus is
to be Invested In books. Judge Coffey
directed the executors of the estate to
pay $2700 to the Hospital for Children
and Training School for Nurses and
$1800 to 'the Boys' and Girls'. Aid So
ciety, those sums being the shares ot
the two institutions unde* the wilL
Library Ordered Paid to Resents
of Institution.
Bequest of $108,000 for Academia
UNIVERSITY IS ENRICHED
FROM THE DOE ESTATE
Annie T. Smith, niece of Mrs.
Charles Kornfeld, who was left $60,000
in the will of the deceased costumer,
Charles Kornfeld, must pay $3000 col
lateral Inheritance tax on her fortune.
Judge Coff ey made an order to this
effect yesterday. Charles S. "Wheeler
and Reuben H. Lloyd represented Miss
Smith and contended that she had
lived for years in Kornf eld's family
and had occupied a position like that
of a daughter, therefore being exempt
from the tax. John S. Partridge rep
resented the city and county. A num
ber of witnesses were examined and all
testified that Kornfeld had never ad
dressed Miss Smith as daughter and
she always called him uncle. Judge
Coffey cited that in the Jacob Z. Davis
estate two nieces whose positions were
like that of Miss Smith had to pay the
tax. Ten days were granted to Miss
Smith's attorneys In which to prepare
a bill of exceptions and Judge Coffey's
ruling will doubtless be appealed from.
Annie T. Smith, Who Was IJeft $60,000
by Charles Kornfcld, to Share
With the State.
MUST PAY INHERITANCE
TAX CfS HER FORTUNE
WEDNESDAY. SEPT. 28
Marcos (or Marx) Franklin to Hannah
S^S?* \ ° n Une of °° lden Gat « avenue,
202:9 "W of Van Ness, W 47 by 6 120; rift
City and County of San Francisco to Ieidor
o G f la Sn O aV^2 5 V b I y n N °l f 20f^JL t " et ' *»^
Abraham Ruef to Elizabeth K. M. Glissman.
¦^SKSSSSSSS 48 s or Wa^
-Albert and Charlotta WUford to Clara E.
$10*
Ellen Kearns to Julius Bunzel, lot on S line
137:6* $10 l . reetl 106:3 B ° f SCOtt ' E M b " *
Jtmes A. Watt to Jennie T. Watt, lot on E
N n vs sWi&rBfr'** N ot Duboce '
Estate of Elizabeth F., George H. Jr El
mer T. and Muriel V. Nelson (minors), by' Nel
lie A. Lasell (guardian), to Joseph CHara,
lot on S line of Sacramento street. 1C5 W of
Devisadero. W 23 by 3 132:7*5*1166.
SirT rank B " and Anna J- Moor es to same, same;
Elizabeth F. Nelson to same, same, quit
claim deed; $10.
George II. Nelson to same, same; $10.
Same to same, lot on* E line of Sacramento
street, 18S TV of Devisadero, W 23 by S 132:714;
$10*
Elizabeth F. Nelson to same, game; $10
k E * P S J 3 -, Tr ? y to John B - Pres t°n. lot on N
line of Point Lobos avenue, 146:8 W of Cook
street. W 20 by N 100; $10..
Lydia and Charles F. Dugan to Thomas H
and Annie M. Corbth, lot on W line of Le
W I 80- S M0* t * 126:6 N Ot Frederlck - N 25 b y
Rose Fay to Katherine C Fay, undivided
one-third interest in lot on E line of Clayton
street. 452:2^4 S of Frederick, S 26:1^4 by E
101:3; $10
Louise F. Steiss (formerly Louise R. Fay)
to same, undivided one- third Interest In same;
United Railroads of San Francisco to Na
tional I^nd Company, lot on N line of Par
nassus avenue, 2OB:5 W of Willard. N 131:1014
W 99:11%. SW 134:6tf. E 120:11; $5500.
City and County of San Francisco to U B.
Perramont. lot on N Une of Seventeenth street.
100 W of Dolores, W 50 by N 100:3; $ .
John H. and Mary E. von Schroeder to Wil
liam F. and Maria F. Hocan, lot on E line of
Capp street. 210 N of Twenty-third, N 28 by
E. 122:6; $10. .
George W. and Katherine Montgomery to
William C. and Sarah M. Gardiner, lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth street, 166 W 0/ Sanchez,
W 25 by N 114; $10. «
R. C. Surbrldge to Mrs. W. Patcher, lot on
N line of Alvarado street, 105 W. of Castro, W
75 by N 114; $10. . .
John H. Saunders to Morris Dobner, lot on
N line of Washington street, 187:5 E of Kear
ny, E 21 by N 100, and party wall Interest
in 48 cov. 200 and 2029 D. 176; $10.
Emily C. Edgar to Charles J. Gavin, lot on
N line of Broadway, 107:6 B of Hyde street,
E 20 by N 60; $10.
Patrick F. Butler to Henry Myers, lot on
NW line of Howard street, 315 NE of Fourth,
NE 60 by NW 80; $10.
Charles E. and Edna E. Glrvan to Sarah L.
Girvan, lot on SW line of Fourth street, 70 NW
of Townsend, NW CO by SW 68:9; $10.
Estate of Alphonso Brooks (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to S. Clinton Hastings, lot on
NW line of Townsend street. 137:6 NE of
Sixth, NE 137:0 by NW 137:6; $10.
Elfin O. Heytlenfeldt to Peninsula Investment
Company, lot on E corner of Eighth and How
ard streets, NE 137:6 by SB 137:6; also lot
on N line of Post street, 110 W of Larkin, W
67:0 by N 120; also lot on NW corner of Geary
and Webster streets. W 28:9 by N 115; also
lot on N line of Pacific street, 101:0 W y of
Dupont, W 36 N 137:6, E 66, S 72, W 20,
S 65:6; $10.
George Rosewell to Albert and Minnie Huls
man, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 198 N
of California street. N 26 by E 120; $10.
Edwin and Helen S. Goodall to B. P. Oliver,
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 228:11
N of Clement street, N 60 by W 120: also
lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 203:11
N of Clement street. N 50 by E 120; $10. .
City . and County of San Francisco to Mary
E. Seaton, lot on NW corner, of Thirty-first
avenue and T> street, W 240 by N 600; $¦ .
Mary E. Seaton to Henry G. Meyer, same ;
$10. - , ,.
Angle F. and Thomas J. Jeans to Oscar JW.
Everson. lot on E line of Forty-flfth avenue,
250 S of K street, 3 60 by E' 120; $10.
John S. and Caroline McGee . to Felix H.
Irvine, lot on NW corner of Forty-eighth ave
nue and L street. N 62:6 by W 120;. $10.
Angle F. and Thomas J. Jeans to Oscar W.
Everson, lot on W line Ot Forty-sixth avenue,
175 N of U street, N 100 by W 120; $10.
John F. and ' Margaret McGrath to Charles
and Katha Wagner. ; lot on 8 line of Minerva
street,- 100 W of Plymouth, W 60 by S 125, lot
4, block P. Railroad Homestead; $10. ~
¦ George Stambaugh : to Rosie M. and Lizzie
A.'Lacostc, lot on S line of Twentieth avenue
and H street, SE ? 75 by SW 200. block 809,
South San Francisco Homestead; $L
James M. and - Adolphine M. Moran to El
bridse Whltcomb,' ¦ lot on " E - line . of South
Broderick street, 38 S of Fourteenth. E 73:9.
8 82, E-73:10«i. N- 77:1, lota 1, 2 and' 3,
block D. Park Hill: $10.; .
. Alexander and . Rose Mackle to Ira W. '¦¦ Cas
tor, rerecord 1791" D. 45, lots 1. 2 and 3, block
45. City Land Association; $400. * :
. Ira W. Castor to James .Watklns, . lot on NW
corner of Garfleld and Head - streets," W. 75 . by
N 100.'; lots 1 to 8. block 45, City; Land Asso
ciation: also lot onE line of Thornton street.
275 N of Shields. N 75 by E 100, lot 16. block
5.: City Land Association;. $10., , '
-Savings and Loan "Society to Sara and Mary
Peteraon, lots ¦ 333 • and - 335. gift map No. 1/
quitclaim, deed;- $r——. - , '
S. Ducas Company to Mary A. Croprtey (wife
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Major B. H. Randolph, who recent
ly suffered a stroke of paralysis, is
now lying at the general hospital In »
most precarious condition.
Captain Dudley Rawson do Chair.
Royal Navy, naval attache of British
Embassy at Washington, will visit the
Presidio to-morrow afternoon under
the escort of Major Parker W. West.
Major John J. Blgelow Jr., recently
retired, and his family are at tha
Nordhoff.
Captain Louis Gomez of the Chilean
training ship General Baquedano called
officially upon General MacArthur yes
terday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The call
will be returned this morning by Col
onel S.*P. Jocelyn and Major "West,
representing General MacArthur, who>
Is, by previous arrangements of official
business, unable to go in person. Gen
eral MacArthur will call upon Captain
Gomez later In the form of a social
visit.
A department athletlo contest will
take place at the Presidio on Novem
ber 17, 18 and 19. Much interest is
manifested in this, and it will un-»
doubtedly show up the athletes to tha
best advantage.
Among the passengers are Lionel
W. F. Tucker, paymaster U. S. A., ac
companied by Mrs. Tucker, George E.
Tucker and Miss Taylor; Mrs. T. J.
Kirkpatrick, two children and sister;
Mrs. O. W. Williams; Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell: Mrs. W. H. Baldwin. sl3ter and
son, family of Major Baldwin, commis
sary department; Donald W. Riley, and
Lieutenants H. M. Joss, Morton I*
Avery, Peter Courtney anc^ Roy I*.
Stoneburn in charge of 200 Philiopins
Scouts, who have been at the St. Lottia
exposition.
Target practice is being carried on
successfully at Rodeo rifle range. At
present the second battalion of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry. In. command
of Captain F. E. Bamford, is on the
range.
The transport Sheridan, sailing on
Saturday for Manila, goes crowded to
her fullest capacity. _
Transport Sheridan Will Carry Fall
Capacity, Including Officers, Cas
uals and Philippine Scouts.
GREAT CROWD WILL SAIIt
ON SATURDAY FOR MANILA
General MacArthur, who held Ma
jor Adams in the highest esteem,
said:
His death is very deplorable. There Is no
praise for him too high as an officer, a soldier.
a loyal citizen and a man. He had a full ap
preciation of the responsibilities of hia posi
tion as an officer of the United States army.
His death Is a great loss to the army and a
personal loss to the large number of his com
rades In arms throughout the entire United
States, where he has hosts of friends. He was
amiable peaceful and quiet In times of peace
and warlike and soldierly in times of war. He
was a most efficient soldier. We all mourn his
loss. • \
The death of Major Adams has
thrown the army headquarters into a
state of gloom. In every depart
mentfwere heard universal expres
sions' of regret at his sudden demise.
The funeral of Major Thomas R.
Adams, United States army, who -died
from injuries received when run
over by a Powell-street car several
days ago, will take place to-day at 3
o'clock from the First Congregational
Church. He will be buried with mili
tary honors befitting his rank. Gen
eral MacArthur .and his entire' staff
will be present at the funeral in uni
form. /A*:-
The pall-bearers will be Colonel
George Andrews, Lieutenant Colonel
Sedgwick Pratt, Lieutenant Colonel R.
H. Patterson, Major Lea Febiger, Ma
jor John P. Wlsser and Major C. E.
Gillette. tii '.
Rev. George C. Adams will conduct
the services, and martial music will be
rendered by the band of the Third
Artillery Corps. Among the selections
will be "Nearer, My God, to Thee,"
and "Rock of Ages." ~- o /
After the ceremonies at the church
the remains will be taken to the ferry
under the escort of a battalion of
Coast Artillery under command of Ma
jor Alexander. From here the re
mains will be shipped to Philadelphia
for interment.
Major Thomas D. Adams' 'Funeral
Will Be Attended by General Mac-
Arthur and Staff.
WUjIi BE BURIED WITH
HIGH SOLITARY HOXORS
The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
L. Friedman, who came to California
in 1862, will be celebrated on Sunday,
October 2, at their residence, 1222 Eddy
street, where they ' will receive their
friends.
To-morrow Captain. Rowan and his
well beloved bride ?will leave for Van
couver. What a round ot pleasure the
friends of the charming pair have given
them!
Of all who regret th» loss of Mrs.
Rowan there are none who will miss
her as will her blind prqteges, they of
the library.
The wedding of Miss Ethel Thomp
son and Ray Washington Taylor oc
curred last evening at the bride's
home, 2021 California street. Bishop
Nichols officiated, assisted by Rev. Da
vid Hume of Trinity Church. Attend
ant upon the bride were her sisters, the
Misses Helen and Grace Thompson,
and her godmother, Mrs. William
Wood. The bridal gown was of white
mezzallne silk,' while that of the maid
of honor was of silk grenadine. The
drawing-room, wherein the ceremony
took place, was tastefully decorated
with white roses and rfbbon grass. The
dining-room was particularly attractive
in a mass of pink roses. Harold Thomp
son served as best man.
After the young people return from
their honeymoon they will set up their
household In this city.
A merry, merry lot of people went
over the bay last night to bid "god
speed" to Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voor
hies, Mrs. William B. Collier, Mrs. Mil
ton S. Latham, Mrs. E. B. Grace, 'liss
Lutie Collier, Mrs. A. Huntington md
others, who are journeying on to the
Exposition City, where the national
convention of the United Daughters of
Confederacy meet.
It is whispered that the members of
the Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter and
the Jefferson Davis Chapter have
agreed to a truce — and that the white
flag will fly while away from home.
Good scheme! If we must have a fam
ily jar, keep it within the family, as
internal strife destroys power and de
feats influence. And thus . are the
Daughters to be congratulated at the
burial of the ax.
Yesterday one of the largest lunch
eons of the year was given by Mrs. R.
P. Schwerin on board the steamship
Siberia, which is snugly tucked away
oh the drydock. One hundiod and
twenty-five guests were entertained at
the feast— which was in truth a feast
of fun and good cheer. The tables
were engaged with a plenitude of red
blossoms and asparagus fern, and a
gay showing of gay gowning made a
striking picture.
After the luncheon Mrs. Schwerin
and a party of friends adjourned to the
St. Francis for dinner.
The hostess was very stunning In a
brown gown, with a red hat and red
roses, affording a fine foil to the fetch
ing gowns of Mrs. Katherlne Dillon
and the Misses Hager.
• • •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNKSDAY. Sept. 28—3 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Aslc.
Alpha 10 12 Julia 10 H
Alta OS 10 Justice 09 H
Andes 21 22 Kentuck OS 06
Belcher 34 35 Lady Wash... 02 04
Best & Belch. 1 20 1 25 Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion 26 27 Occidental ... 75 B0
Caledonia ... 63 64 Ophi r 2 40 2 45
Challenge Con 22 23 Overman 20 22
£hollar 20 21|Potosl IS 10
Confidence ... 94 981 Scorpion 06 08
Con C & Va. .1 30 1 351 Savage 23 24
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher... 11 13
Con N York... 06 07 Sierra Nevada 37 38
Crown Point. 15 is| Silver Hill.... 48 60
E Sierra Ner 03 06|St Louis — io
Eureka Con.. — 681 Syndicate 03 05
5 xc ?«»" e Jl-- °7 60 Union Con.... 47 48
Gould & Cur. 23 24|Utah 12 14
Hale & Norc. C3 66| Yellow Jacket 26 28
TONOPAH MINES
£?,*"!. • °J 0S| New York Ton — 04
Columbia 23 —| Paymaster ... 03 04
Esperanza ... 01 02|Pine Grove... 10 —
Eula Con.... 10 20 Quincy 10 11
r?^r, A S C }l r — 30 Ra y Extension — 08
Ooldfleld Nev 71 — Ray Tonopah. 10
Goldfield Mhk 18 23 Red TopT" 16 U
Goldfleld S P. . — 18 Rescue 12 _
r °m xl» £ OD - U - Ton Bemiont. 66 69
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton & Cal.... — 20
Hannapah ... _ io Ton Exten....l 40 —
Han Mutual.. 10 — Ton Grt West. 02 —
t!™i, Uer> " ™ 6S Ton Ml<j ™y" 38 39
t J ™ bo _ 72 — Ton of Nev.8 25 8 37^
Little Ton.... — 60 Ton N Star. .. 20 25
Lucky Tom.. W —Utopia....:.. 10 _
MacNamara . 38 39 West End 15 17
Montana Ton.l 90 1 95 '
LUNCHEON IS
GIVEN ABOARD
THE SIBERIA
400 Mont Ton..l 02%l 200 Ton of Ner...8 23
2000 Paymaster .. 03| 200 Ton of Nev...8 50
LONDON, Sept. 28. — Bubonic plague.
It is officially announced, has broken
out on board the steamship Bishops
gate, which arrived in the river Tyne
to-day from Hamburg.
When the Bishopsgate was discharg
ing her cargo from Rosario, Argentina,
at Hamburg recently, a number of rats
that had died of the plague were found
on board. On the arrival of the steam
er at Jarrow the boatswain was ill and
was removed to a floating hospital. The
case proved to be undoubtedly bubonic
plague.
The Bishopsgate, a steamer of 1994
tons, o.vned by the Dowgate Steamship
Company of London, sailed from Rosa
rio on July 22 for Hamburg, where she
arrived on August 29. While discharg
ing cargo three rats that had appar
ently died of bubonic plague were dis
covered, and the vessel was temporari
ly quarantined.
It was decided to send delegates to
the Transmississippi Commercial Con
gress, which will convenue in St. Louis
October 25, and to the National Irriga
tion Congress, which will meet at El
Paso, Texas, during the month of !No
vember. In view of the constantly in
creasing strategical importance of the
Pacific Ocean and the corresponding
necessity for the maintenance of a
large military force on this coast, the
association passed resolutions indors
ing the following recommendations of
General MacArthur to the War De
partment in his annual report:
The improvement of the Presidio by
the erection of new barracks and other
buildings for infantry, cavalry and field
and coast artillery; the reclamation of
a large flat along the bay shore, the
acquisition of .the watershed of Lobos
Creek with a view to the establishment
of an independent water supply for the
post; the continuation of the annual
appropriation of $15,000 for the im
provement of the Presidio grounds: the
erection of a depot for the quartermas
ter, subsistence and medical depart
ments and the enlargement of the ar
senal at Benicia, It was decided to send
the resolutions to all California mem
bers of Congress, to the Secretary of
War and to other commercial organi
zations of San Francisco.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers'
and'* Producers' Association held yes
terday it was decided to make a cam
paign for the use of California wood
and food products on the Isthmus of
Panama during the construction of the
canal. The plan of having a grand ex
cursion of Californians to Portland
during the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion was Indorsed.
Emilio Velasco of Mexico and J. H.
Ralston of Washington. D. C. followed
with discussions of the subject pre
sented by Mr. Foster.
During the last session of the Bar
Association the special committee on
title and real estate reported that it
had not finished Its work and asked to
be continued another year. It was so
ordered. The report of the special
committee on the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition, relating to the arrange
ments completed preliminary to tha
meeting of the association, was re
ceived and approved.
Invitations for the^next annual
meeting were extend^* from Detroit
and Lookout Mountain, Tenn. Tha
matter of decision was left to the gen
eral
Officers elected for the next year
were: President, Henry St. peorge
Tucker, Lexington, Va., dean *t tfie
School of Law of the "Washington and
Lee University; secretary, John Hink
ley, Baltimore; treasurer. Frederick E.
Wadham, Albany, N. Y.. and one vice
president from each State, W. J. Hun
saker being California's representative.
The convention adjourned sine die.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23. — The first Uni
versal Congress of Lawyers and
Jurists, held the auspices the
American Bar Association, convened}
to-day in Festival Hall at the conclu
sion of the American Bar Association
convention. The president of the con
gress. David J. Brewer, Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, was greeted with an
ovation of applause. He spoke briefly.
Fcfmer Sei/etary tg State John W.Q
Foster made the principal address on
"International Arbitration and Tha
Hague Tribunal." He said in part:
It has been reported in the press that th«
Secretary of the Navy has announced himself
as in favor of a navy equal to the sreateat
navy in the world. I trim he has been mis
quoted. Our Government should hold Itself
ready to enter Into an agreement for interna
tional disarmament and not to the increase of
tne navy! This country /^fiould hold Itself to>
other and far more pea><ul pursuits in ih»
settlement of strife than to the making of im
plements of destruction and death.
Rats Dead From Pestilence
Found While Discharging
Part of Cargo at Hamburg
W. J. Hunsaker of California
Elected One of Bar Asso
ciation's Vice Presidents
Major General Mac Arthur's
Recommendations to War
Department Are Approved
FAVOR TRIP TO OREGON
VESSEL FE0M ROSATtfO
CONTENTION AlfiOUBXS
Former Secretary of State
Makes Principal Address
"at Congress of Lawyers
Dread Disease Breaks Out
on British Steamship Now
Anchored in River Tyne
Campaign Will Be Made for
Supplying Wood and Food
to the Canal Commission
HAS BUBONIC
PLAGUE ABOARD
MANUFACTURERS
HOLD MEETING
FOSTER TALKS
ON ARBITRATION
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904.
Continued From Pago Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
."A TRIP TVTTH < BRIDE."— A lecture will
be delivered at the Fourth Congregational
Church, GreSn street, near Stockton, . to-mor
row evening, by the Rev. I. C. Meservs, D. D..
entitled "A Trip With a Brtda."
12
' JtOOBIS^rOR KOUSEKEEPZSO. _^
ALASKA. 27—^Furnieaed rooms for housekeep-
ii.fi. or 'rlr.c'iC
BUY. .NT «21— One large i»*>»" fcr house-
kcrj.ir.g": ccs. 0_ ¦{
FEI I 52S— Sew!/ furr.iyheJ i*--<iri>:n;. k*ch*n;
;<uk' l-a'th end z*>: »" t watrr; S'JO.
"n\XJw-i%' liis— Sunny menu with board;
how* «-««*Uins; lront liskpK suite; jilUiii^Uath.
SJOVTAlin. fi?j-— ~ suit*» lious«-Ur:ei)iii£ rui-ms:
a!:*) ilft».t.
JESSIE '•>'£'¦- Va;l< . sunny. O-oi.t room, gas
• i-X'f. water, cot; Si B0 week: other rooms.
SSI! 7 .? "23 2 lar^p Funny basement rooms;
K3K ai.ii coal range: $10 month: others.
XENILwdRTH .xir. Bush and Powell— Three -
room •unny.^ipartmeaU: .-team heat; cen loc.
K X!fK EP. HOCK EH Apartments. 1340 IMne—
Funny furnished 3-roota su'-trs: stesm neat-
, *d. <-Wtric ")Rht«-d: free bath?; rates reas.
UAOCNA. i:>i7. corner Oary— Elegant sunny
room?: bstii; :>honf; new; rea?or.able. ;
XAaiitJf. J ' 1 -' J £ — Larjro. runny housekeeping
ruoia; eas stove: private; $12_month^
JiAYnzzi.l.r. ""- Grove, corner. Van Ness —
Bunny fur. 3-rceoa Van :-:»ss suite: gas, bath
,VfAl.I.IPTE!:o 1221— Front roojn. bay-window;
privilege llgjrt ho ufc keeping; £12.
ICICE hcua^ke^plng room* to let; sll locations.
J 1. ••n* (**y :¦«;. or call 117 Sutter st.
OAK 4<"T— N"«r;y furnished: $4 per month to
rifht ra rt >'t <3u!et, clean and bath.
PINS. ilK<»— Suite cf two rooms. $23 50 per
'.ior.th: adults; strictly flr?t-claes.
OAK 117 — Costplete for housekeeping. fS to
5-12; em* rar.jrp; hot bith; s4ults.
' ~ . A ¦
VOl.lt Cfi. r — }'ar!o r alcove sulirs: email kitch-
en: iunny; bath. Kas etove; phone; 51S, 520.
POFT, 1037— -V«w!y furnished rooms, $S up;
s'.fo hcusrke\i!r.g room. $10; ga«. bath, phone.
EANCIIEZ T.CO. cor. ISth— Bay-window sluing
rpcm, alcove bedrocin, kitchen; reasonable.
f-TKVENSON. TSO. off f>:h — tn-nny bay-window
f.-xr.t "parlcrs. dining room, kitchen: reas.
VAN {CESS ave.. H03 ccr. Geary, phone Hyde
'.S«f— 2 t^autiful eunnr. front suites for
J.ousfkeerinft; all ac *T.niodatior.s; reasonable
W.\:.Lr.n, 71-2 runny housekrg. rooms; fur-
r:jJie<J ooaiplfte: $:e; new house; grand view.
JTlTrtANCH office of 'Hie Call for the recep-
tloTViX advertisements and subscriptions has
bteir- cj-r.f-i at 1W Market st. opposite
F:fth. Or«n until II p. m.
ADVJ-:nTlsnMl'NTS r «ubFcriptlons received at
CaJ! Hrsnrh brfice. (&/r. Dunran & Church tts.
APiLRTMEKT HOUSES.
HAYES. US — Modern a;-artments; ga« range,
rOSSi&S vs»ter and t-hone.
FT. IvOUlS 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-ft
rooms: furn. unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET— gnrn. and Unfnm.
A^-BBXnCSWICK House. 14S Sixth «t.— Rooms
2ic io $1 per night. $1 -5 to f5 p«?r week and
Imtt housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market *. (or No. 1
Fifth *t.»— Itucras. 25c. SOc. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 £0 to flO week; house c;-n siUnight.
BBUCOSTO Boose. o\er Owl drug store. 2 en-
tran!#«, U^tj Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lirbts; runr.::nr water in every room; 'Mt)
room*; 25<r tu £»0c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. Sll— Furnished room to let for single
Bcsua&aaJ
FTBXISHED roora« to let; all locations.
Thonr Clay JKMi or call 117 Sutter et.
C8AXO Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to f 1 2o night; $1 5u to $6 wk.; reading-room.
tiliANT ave., 7 — Nicely furniihed. sunny, front
suite; slco singl<- rooms; $2 to $8 week.
HOWARD. 715— Lar»e eunny rooms at low
rate-*; iT>c tu $1 day and (1 25 to $5 week.
JONES, C23.- n»nr Uufh— Sunny front alcove
room, cozy corner. $20; also housekeeping
imirr.s, v«ry isur.ny, $27.
LA UK IN', ton— Hurj!:y back room; 1 or 2 gen-
tifrr.en; Jt» j-er month.
MAItKET. !<>*:« <The Falmouth)— Sunny
r-icmm; hot. cclJ water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 12a Third Bt.— *»
Mi.jrle und family rooms 3T»c to f 1 60 per day,
13 f'< $8 p»r «e<*k; the only new and modern
hotel and n<oniing-house in San Francisco
that hia office «.n ground floor, hot and cold
water. eW-trlc llrhts. call bells, steam heat
la every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service daj- and r.ight to its guests.
N'lE. ST.*— Front wm. well furnished, for 1
cr 2 cents; >s block from Market st.
rAGC 177C — 2 unfurnished room« and bath.
PINE. 732 — A suite of two large. Kunny. front
rooms, with bath; suitable for dressmaking
or tailoring.
PUCE. 17:3. Uock from Van Ness— 1 or~3
lir-e rocTr.e; t<sth. phone, etc.; reasonable.
IXjST. feM» — Large furnished room; running
»-^ter; 'or 1 or 2 gents; references.
ROYAL HOUEE.lSti Ell:*— Incandescent lights;
Iresdimr-room. wnoking-room and ladles' par-
liir: room» r«r nlcht. r,5c to $1 50; week, $2
to $t>; month, $S to $O«; elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot roM water; baths.
CTOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished front
rooms; ulso single r^omc; ?2 to $6 week.
TAYLOR. 71". r,ear Sutter— A flne eulte or
one «lr.tf> room; bath; gentlemen preferred;
reasonable.
THi: Ltrr^mont. 3d Sutter — New brick bldg..
finely fumishrd: hot. cold water, steam heat.
%>r.\ :]*£*¦ to bath*: tS to $G week.
t'NITKIi STATES. 12."! Etidy. near Market — 400
rooms TZ-c to $1 r.irht, $1 75 to $C week; elec-
tric liphi* (on pas*, running wat»r In every
room; elevator. r?ad.-room; free bus; baggage.
WINCH CFTEH Hotel, 44 3d «t.. near Market —
Mo*t onnvnifnt and ivspectable: 700 rooms;
~>? to (1 r»0 ripht: *2 to $8 week; elevator;
Oec^llirhts; reading-room; fr--e bus; baggage.
VOLT Houw. cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
1 urnieix d rooms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, eubscriptlons received at
Csll branch offlc. cor. Duncan and Church ats.
A BRANCH ©fnV* of The Call for the reception
of sdveriisrtnpni* and EUbscriptlonB has been
'¦pentd at »«i0*> Market Bt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 ;. m.
THE COSiORA. C21 O'F-arrell— Large front.
»rl. bath, acd sunny south room; superior
table.
fcl'.VNT front room; private family; excellent
fcoard: reasonable. 1241 Sanchez st.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
funny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
1IO1VAUU. MIA— First -clacs board and room,
fJngle or double. $3-?<» r.k. ; American family.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
Stevenson' Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
R07 Ca!!forriia— Se<» rooms, learn prices. try table
A WEEK'S news fpr 6 cents — The 'Weekly Call.
Jfc rase*. In wrapper, for malting, $1 p«r rear.
O S.OOSXS AMD E0AE.D WAZTTEZI.
WANTED- Uy gciitlen-.an. furnished room and
lath, with board, or without, in private
family. Uos CaJl efflce. '
" SOOK-BtNTIK G AGESCT.
HAVE you sny rooms to let? If you hare and
want thorn rentM quick telephone to -Clay
!«*;. o r call at 117 Sutter «t.
/ PATZgTS.
INVENTIONS patentrj. F. P. MEDINA aT-
torn<-y-at-lr.w. U Hcbart lildg.. a2 Market et.
PrECKASlSO AOEITCIE3. .
CLARA E. JEV.irTT. purchasing agent; Houril
. tr>- orders a rpecial'y: correspondence colicit-
• ii. :;.'<:s 17th t t..t;a» Kranclsco.Tel.Capp 85«.
PALE— Office of the I>epot Quartermaster 36
N< »• Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal..
Srpti 2». i:HH. iiealed proposals, in tripli-
iatr. will he received st thijf office until
10 m. in., October 2S. VMi. and then opened,
fcr the purchase of damaged Khaki Cloth-
Ing, viz.: 122,«!CG coats. lift.o*9 trousers,
iout. 1112 trousers, mounted, eamplea of
•.vhich tan he •'.'-•en at this depot. Further
infurrailioB und blank proposalx will be fur-
tiifhfd on application. Envelopes contaln-
>n? proposals c-hould be markwl, "Propocals
for Khaki -Clothing." to be epened Oct.- 28,
l'JO*. and adJrerwd to Major C. A. DEVOL,
Q. M.. V. «. A.. Depot Q. M.
KAN FRANCISCO. Cai., September CS, 1904—
Scaled propcsalp. in triplicate, - will be re-
•— lv«-il here until 11 o'clock a. m., October
2>. 1»(>4. and then opened for constructing
ir -.< j'jarr: roads and concrete sidewalks and
putters at Fort Miley, Cal. . Government re-
spi-veii the right to reject. or accept any, cr
sll bids in whole or in part: Information
tuml!*«sd on application to WM. 6. PAT-
TEN, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Quartermaster. «
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & KTOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping: warehouse. G. il. and van
j Ken: office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel. South toO.
• A-KMTflRII'M Htoranre & Van Co.: furniture,
i huutelx'ld eckkIs stored, moved, shipped, i.a-
7."l Howard ft., r.r. Third; phone Orant_l_61.
CAriTAirVnn and Storage Co.. 3 E<ldy St.;
i phone Mint L'lUl; JOHN F- COOPER, pies ;
I lurolture movei, packed, shipped and stored.
j riERrK-ROnOLPH Storage 4- Moving Co.. of-
tio* Post ar.d Powell Fts.; tel. Prl. Ex. Oil.
j CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. :!•¦£; Golden Gate ave.; phone Es.»t J12U.
! GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. S40
j Mission ft. ; tel. Howard !M1. F. W. Zehfuss.
I PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
j psnj-. 2-'KI0 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
I BBKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
it.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
! SEWIKO JVXACHXifES AOTJ STJPPIiIES.
i THE WHITE IS KING.
The White Grand is the most complete sew-
i ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
1 attachments; make both lock and automatic
i Etitch; see this wonderful machine at the
j White Co.'b new retail office. 915 Market St.
• DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
i« cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price- all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
•Uc office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
THERE are others, but the White Is king of
all sewing machines; visit the new retail
offloe of the White Co. at 915 Market st.
i A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
a!l kinds. $3. *5. fS: guaranteed; where the
dollg swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
I STUTTERING ANP STAMMIISDTQ. '•'¦
! ME"LBOURNE^n^tltute, Van Ness and Market,
j cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer* laiued
yesterday:
I George P. "Hodden. 2L 548 Pennsylvania
j avenue, and Isabella H. Stewart. 18. 1307
i Eighth avenue. ', <
I William Patterson, 21, 900 Greenwich street,
i and Anita W. Galloway. 2L 1409 Powell street.
! John Bellamy. 32. 915 Minna street, and
: Beda LJungberg. SO, 72G Broadway.
I'eter Kirns, 03, St. Louis, Mo., and Emilia
i R. de CusDinera. 45. 2210 Union street.
John 13. Leonard, 40, (XX) Jones etreet. and
i Earah Lewis. 24. 710 Jones street.
James V. Wyman, 30, 25S4 Market street,
; and Rose" C. Eng'.e. 16, 15% Collingwood.
! J. Adolph Fcntancl, 21, city, and Minnie Q.
Abel. 2L city.
Alexander Potter. 35, S02 Filbert street, and
I Catherine T.- Needham, 29. 1C63 Ninth avenue.
I Patrick Bradley, 07. 73 Fourth street, and
! Mary Thompson, 50. Berkeley.
Percy W. Lord. 22, 63 Pierce street, and
¦ Ida P. Kinsman, 22. 330 Hyde street.
Bernard I. Bill. 33. 304 McAllister etreet,
1 and Franclsra M. Rogers. 21. 1355 Eddy street.
i Frar.k J. Gallagher, 32, 1120 Howard street,
• and Mary C. Duffy. 27. city.
; John T. Conelly. 27, Modesto, and Marie E.
' Museell. 25, Mcdesto.
Giovanni Qlosso, 26, 530>4 Green street, and
' Greise Bottlnl. 20. 40% San Antonio place.
Jo«eph V. de Ryana, 32. 707 Montgomery
¦ avenue, and Rose Caflero, 23. 567 Filbert street.
Oharlee S. Girvan 21. 2973 California street.
. and Gertrude E. Maydwell. IS. 2973 California.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. 5
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
• in st either of the publication offices and be
' Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
; eons authorized to have the same published.
• Notices restricted simply to the announcement
t of the event are published once In this column
J free of charge.
! ~~ BORN.
j BROWN — In this city, September 15, 1904, to
the wife of Charles Brown, a »on.
i 3IARRIED.
J MERRYFIELD — BOVARD — September 6, 1904.
: by the Rev. Freeman D. Bovard, Ernest
I < "handler Merryneld of Colton, Cal., and
! Mi»s Leila Glenn Bovard of Berkeley.
SMITH— CREELMAN— In this city. September
20, 1004. Henry J. Smith and Marlon Healy
Creelman.
DIED.
Allen, Gerald H. Powers, James
Austin, Richard RoOgers, Mary H.
Boham, James H. Roes, Annie
Breslauer, Benjamin Schmidt, Philip J.
j Bredehoft, Claus Schram, Mra. H.
Eastwood. Mary H. Selenger, Harry
Evans, Nannie H. Siemar, Fred
: Ferry, Frances ' Stenmark, Ida
• Freuier. Florence M. Taranto, Joseph
! Goldstein. Morris Thomsen, Anna D.
Graves, Edward Torrence, Clarence
Holllngs, Nicholas Trowbridge, Sarah J.
Huerne, L. E. P. Uhl, George
Hynes, Lloyd A. Vanni. Natale
Katz, Frederick Von Pein. Hans H.
Ludolph. Leo John Ward, John H.
Madden. John Ward, Patrick
I McCauley. John Wettig. Minna
j Meinke. Margarets, White, John Wesley
Moriarty Jeremiah WIesemann, Jacob
! Nielsen. Niels Wilkes, Mrs. Alice
O'Keefe, Catherine Woods, Bernard
O'Leary. Patrick'
ALLEN — In this city, September 27. 1904,
i G*rald Hlller Allen, beloved son cf Mrs.
James M. Costisan, and brother of Mrs.
Ritchie L. Dunne.
Cyinterment private.
1 AUSTIN— In this city. September 28 1904.
; Richard Austin, a native of England, aged
' 49 years. A member of Templar Grove No.
I in. u. a. o. d.
BOHAM — In this city, SeDtember 28. 1004,
James H. Boham, a native of Ireland, aged
5!» years.
BREDEHOFT — In this city, September 27,
1904, Claus. dearly beloved husband of Anna
Bredehoft. father of Myrtle Bredehoft.
brother of Chris Bredehoft. and nephew of
Martin Beverson. and son-in-law or Mrs.
Margarethe Erben. a native of Hanover.
Germany, aged 34 • years 11 months and 7
days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Huhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of Mlanto-
nomah Tribe No. 0, Imp. O. R. N. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BR.ESLAUER— In this city, September 28.
1904. Benjamin, beloved husband of Bertha
Breslauer. and father of Samuel and Israel
Breslauer, a native of Kempen, Germany,
aged C9 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 30, at 10 a. m., at nil
late residence. 1852 Bush street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving
I Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m.
; Please omit flowers.
I EASTWOOD — In Monterey. Cal., September 26,
I 1904, Mary H., beloved wife of Joseph East-
wood, and mother of Mary C, Alice and
Joseph Eastwood, a native of England, aged
40 years 7 months and 24 days.
E7The funeral services will be held to-
day (Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mis-
sion etreet (Mission Masonic Temple), be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third. In-
! tcrment private. .
EVANS^-In this city. September 28, 1804,
| Nannie H.. beloved wife of ' Evan C. Evans,
' a native of San Francisco, Cal.
F12RRY— In this city, September 28. 1904,
Frances, beloved wife of John F. Ferry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years 3
months and 27 days. .
FREULER— -In Colorado Springs, Colo., Sep-
tember 25. 1»OL Florence M., beloved
daughter of John and Amelia Freuier. and
sister of Clara, Arthur, Grace, Herbert,
Beatrice, Olivia. Alice and the late Ger-
trude Freuier. a . native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 11 months and 4 days.
C7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday atternoon. Sestember 3U, at 2 d. m.,
at the residence wf her/fcarcnts, 2527 Ridge
road, Berkeley. Interment at Mountain
View Cemetery. San Francisco friends take
Kuclid-avcnue streetcars to Ridge road.
GOLDSTEIN— In Hanford, Cal.. September 27.
l'J04. Morris Goldstein, brother of MrsC A.
' L. Newman. Mrs. E. P. Ackerman and
. Fannie, Amelia, Frances, Celene, Lutie and
Alex Goldstein, aeed 50 years.
GRAVES — In this city. September 28. 1904,
Edward Graven, a native of Dublin, Ireland,
aged i'i years.
HOLLINGS— In this city, September 27, 1904.
Nicholas, dearly beloved brother of Meta and
Dledrick Uolllngs of San Francisco and Luer
and Martin Holllnss of Germany, a native
of Germany, aged 50 years 2 months and 15
days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fcily invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors
or H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cyl
press Lawn Cemetery, by special car on 3:30
p. ro. tralg from Third and Townsend streets.
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne . at the
P. 3. Monaban,* Manager. Tei. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, P,'HARA& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
, __. San Francisco. -
James - McGinn, Henry - Hans en.
JAMES McGINN & CO.;
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmer* —
214 Eddy Bt. Tel South 676.
Hook, a native of Lucca, Italy, aged »8
years 9 months and 3 days.
ES'Nollce. of funeral hereafter.
VOX PEIN— In this city, September 27. 1904,
Hans. Henry -von Pein, a native of Holstein,
Germany, aged "4 years and 9 days. ¦
E?" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eishth. •
WARD— In this city. SeDtember 27, 1904.
John II., beloved husband of Maggie Ward,
a native of New Ycrk, aged 41 years.
WARD — In this city, September 2S. 1904,
Patrick, beloved husband of Katherlne
Ward, and father - of John Thomas and
Patrick Ward, Mrs. P. O' Conner, Mra. Mary
Hodson, Mr*. Margaret Evers, Mrs. Edna
Coulter and the late Mrs. Katherlne Bushell.
a native of County Cork Ireland, aged *>t>
years. (New York papers please copy.)
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 a. m., from the parlors ot
A. W. Martin & Co., 313 O'Farrell street,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Eighth
avenue, near Point Lobos where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rerxjse of his soul, commencing at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cro6s Cemetery.
¦WETTIG— In this city, September 27. 1904.
Minna, beloved mother of Ernest A., Helen,
Anna and August Wettig, a native of Ger-
many, aged 77 years 7 months and 29 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 12:45 p. m., at her
late residence, 1236 Eddy street, between
Laguna and Buchanan. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WHITE— In Oakland. September 28, 1904,
John Wesley, dearly beloved son of John
Wesley and Hattie Esther White, a native
of Oakland, aged 2 months and 3 days.
WIESEMANN— In this city. September 28,
1004. Jacob WIesemann, beloved husband of
Anna Wiescmann. a native of Switzerland,
aged 52 years and 10 months.
WILKES— In West Berkeley. September 28.
1904, Mrs. Alice Wilkes, widow of the late
• George Wilkes, a native of England, aged
6< years 2 months and 15 dayB.
WOODS— In this city. Bernard Woods, sv na-
tive of Ireland, aged 45 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
Btreet. between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets. *.
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres. Bush
btreet. below Stockton, Saturday. October 1.
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
HYNES— In this city. September 27. 1004,
Lloyd A., dearly beloved son of M, J. Ilynes,
! and brother of Stewart and Ruth Hynes, a
native of California, aged 11 years 3 months
and days. ,
CThe l'uneral will take xilace to-day
(Thursday), » at /2 p. m., from "'J Guerrero
I street. Interment private. Please omit
I flowers.
! KATZ— Ir. this city, September 2S. 1904.
i Frederick, dearly beloved and only son of
Ernestine and the late Gottlieb Katz. and
loving brother of Lena, Lizzie and Sophie
Katz, a native of San Francisco, ased 15
years 7 months and 4 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), September 30, at 10:30 a. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
I sion street, betweeen Seventh and. Eighth,
lntermect Mount Olivet Cemetery.^*
LUDOLPH— In Oakland, September 28. 1004,
Leo John, beloved son of William and Mary
A. Ludoiph, a native of California, aced 2
years and S months.
MADDEN— In tMs city. September 2S. 1904.
John, dearly beloved son of John and Lizzie
Madden, and brother of Mary B. Madden,
a native of San Francisco, aged C years 3
months and 28 days.
it^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from the residence of
his parents, 217 Collingwood street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCAULEY— In this city, September 27, 1904.
John, relict of the late Mary McCauley, a
native of Ireland, aced 6S years.
-$-1? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:15 &. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
reposo of his soul at 9 a. m. interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
MEINKE— In this city. September 27, 1904.
Margareta, dearly, beloved wife of John
Meinke, devoted mother of Mrs. Lizzie Zwick,
and grandmother of Willie, Lizzie, Annie,
Margaret, Rudie. Gladys and the late An-
tone and Emile Zwick. a native of Germany,
aged 0G years 1 month and 14 days.
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. S22 Hampshire street, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MORIARTY— In this city, September 23, 1004.
Jeremiah, beloved husband of the late
Mary Moriarty. and father of John, Daniel
and Frank Moriarty. Mrs. O. C. Reed
and the late James Moriarty, and brother
of James Moriarty and Mrs. John Fitz-,
gerald, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 49 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7U7 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his soul at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In Oakland. September 27. 1904,
Niels Nielsen, beloveds husband of Anna
ChriEtiena Nielsen, and father of James,
Anna and Christlena Nielsen, a native of
Alsen, Schleswig, Denmark, aged 69 yearn
and 10 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, September 29, at 2 p. m., under
the auspices of Alta Lodge No. 205, I. O.
O. F., San Francisco. Interment Mount Eden
Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city. September 27, 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of John O'Keefe,
and Idolized mother of Thomas B., Mary
and Nellie O'Keefe, a native of County
Louth, Ireland, aged 61 years. (Cheyenne
and Chicago papers please copy.)
ICyFrifcndi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited «.> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). September 30/ at 8:30 a. m., from
her late residence, 215 Twelfth street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a eolemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'LEARY— In this city, Septemher 27. .1904,
Patrick, beloved husband *f Johanna
O'Leary, loving father of John J., James P.,
Thomas C, Mary E. and Nora O'Leary, and I
brother of Mrs. Johanna Wahl, Mrs. Mary
Hunter of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Thomas
O'Leary of Boston, Mass., a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 53 years. (New York
and Boston papers please copy.)
17 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
POWERS — In this city, September 27, 1904,
James, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. John
Powers, a native of Waterford, Ireland, arfed
44 years. f
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 0:30 a. m.. from , the par-
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his eoul, commencing at 10
o'clock.. Interment Holy Crose Cemetery.
RODGERS — In this city, September 27. 1904.
Mary E., dearly beloved wife of Frederick
Rodgers. and mother of Mrs. Maggie Fop-
plano, and sister of Mrs. Rosa Neary, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 40 years 2 months
. and 21 days.
* E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend hte funeral - Friday,
September 30, at 10 a- m., from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
via 11:30 a. m. train from Third and Town-
send streets. •>
ROSS (nee Lund) — In this city, September 28,
1904, Annie Ross, wife of the late Albert
Roes, and mother of Walter, Harry and
Lillian Lund, a .native, of San Francisco,
aged 30 years.
SCHMIDT— In this city, September 27, 1904.
Philip J., beloved husband of Rosine
Schmidt, and son of Sophie and the late
Joseph Schmidt, and brother o^ Ben J. and
. M. J. Schmidt of San Francisco and Mrs.
M. Nathan of Susanvllle, Cal., ¦' a native of
San Francisco, aged 2ti years 8 months and
21 days.
(C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend jthe funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 3:30
p. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets/ V '¦•'¦ ¦'>¦; '¦--.
SCHRAM— In this city, September 27, 1904,
Mrs. Hannah Schram, beloved elster of Mrs.
E. Madden, a native of Ireland, aged 64
years 9 months and 15 days.
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 283 Hickory avenue, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a eolemn re-
quiem high maes will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BELENGER— In this city. September 27, 19O4i.
Harry Selenger, beloved husband of Maggie
Selenger, and son of Lawrence and Mary
Selenger, a native of San Francisco, aged
38 years.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the mortu-
ary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repos© of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock, thence to electric car, Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' ; ':
EIEMAK — In the City and County Hospital,
September 28, 1904. Fied Slemar, a native
of Germany, aged 82 years.
STENMARK — In this city, September 26, il904,
Ida, beloved daughter of Lars and Anna C.
Stenmark. and sister of John O. and Nina
Stenmark. Mrs. B. Erickson, Mrs. M. Nord-
berg and Mrs. George Heacock, a native of
Skellefto, Sweden, aged 28 years 2 months
and 2 days.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the parljrs
of Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkln streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TARANTO— In this city. September 28, 1004,
at the home of his parents, 9 Mission court,
Joseph, beloved son of Salvatore and
Rosalia Taranto, and brother of Mary
Taxanu>, a native of San Frajici«co, aged
2 years 9 months and 21 days.
TORRENCE— In this city, September 27, 1904,
Clarence, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Caro-
line Torrence. and brother of William and
Edward Torrence. a. native of North Caro-
lina^ aced 24 years. .
(CrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 11 a. m., at the par-
lors of the Califoria Undertaking Company.
405 Powell street, near Post. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
THOMSEN— In Alameda. Cal., September 27
1004. Anna D.. daughter of Johanna and the
late Christian Thomsen. and sister of Hulda
Thomsen, a native of San Francisco. *
IpTFuneral private.
TROWBRIDGE— In San Mateo, September 26,
1904, Sarah J., dearly beloved wife 61 George
P. Trowbridse, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 01 years 1 month and 13 days. .:
UHL— In Jacksonville, FlaV September 20
1904, George, beloved husband of Marie Uhl'
father of Adolph and George Uhl, and son
of Mrs. Margaretta Schwerdt. a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged . 58 years. '_ A mem-
ber of Southern California Lodge No. 278,
F.^ and A. M. v. - ' ( ./,,
E7The funeral ¦ervlcea will be held Thurs-
day, September 29, : at 2 p. m., at the Ma-
sonlo Temple, corner of Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland, by Oakland Lodge
No. 188, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
Vie w • Ceme tery. ,"..-.;
VANNI — In thig city, September 28, 1904,
-¦¦ Natale Vanni, beloved - husband ¦ of Ella
Vanni, and beloved father rof Mrs. D J
¦ Brennap. John A. .Vanni . and Mrs. B. H.CHICAGO, SeDt. 28. — Shortage of wheat in
France as saowa by. official figures had a
buoyant effect on soeculative prices here to
day. At the close December was up l%c. May
showed aa advance of %c Cora Is uo Uic.
Oats netted a sain of %c Provisions are
7 %c to 15c lower.
Indifference of foreign grain markets to an
advance here yesterday had a depressing ef
fect on wheat at the opening. Liberal re
ceipts !n the Northwest aided in bringing out
realizing *alet. Initial quotations on Decem
ber were eff %©%c. at $1 ll?s©l 11 *i. ,
May opened »ifi%c lower, at $1 12%©1 12"&.
Immediately after the opening v the May optlca
touched $1 12%61 12%.- The market then
made a aulck rally. December sdvaaclag to
$1 12V*. and May to $1 13%. The sadden
change In sentiment was due to numerous
buying orders from Southwestern houses. The
demand was based opon an • opinion reported
as prevailing la Kansas City and St. Louis
that a material reduction in receipts is im
pending:. On the bulre, realizing sales were
heavj' and the result wu an easier feeling,
and a. • fractional • decline. Later .in the day
sentiment in the pit became quite bullish. One
of tbe main Influences was the announcement
of the official figures on the wheat crbD In
France. According to this) estimate,' the total
yield shows a decrease of sixty-eight mlllloa
bushels' as compared with last year's crop.
Takins these figures as a basis, a well-known
.Future Grain and Provisions.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, S»pt. 2S— Money on call firm.
I%«g2 P*r ce=t; closing bid. 1\ per cent; of
:«-rfcd At 2 per cent. Time l:»ns. slightly
faner; tit days. :t per otr.t; tx> days. £^3' 4
per MM; xx month*. 3U.§* per cert. Prime
rn*rcacti!e paper. -444J5 p*r cent, sterling ex
<"*-!'. <asier, with actual business in bank
ers' b.V.r it $4.&*75&4.*&<*) for demand, and
at »4.*vJ.V,< ? 4>3«?j for 60 day bills. Posted
rate*. $4 Kig* M% and $4 •?6V''g4 J?7. Com
merce! Mils. $4 *C\©4 <s>«^.
Bar ellrer, TSc
. Mexican :..->.. 43*c.
Gcverr-mext bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
Xeu' York Stock Market.
NEW TORX, Sej*. 2S._ Prices of stocks
»ere r^nrt up this morning all around, but
tL*t was about the only consistent movement
tfcroiuracst the day. Heavy profit taking
promptly made itself felt and carried the mar
ket back to abcut last night's level. Then
new points of strength were pushed forward
Lo sustain the noarltet and these persisted
:*:r:j- well Curing the remainder of the ee*
ficn. But ceanwhile the movement to '¦>»
proflta was followed up with these sustaining
: ¦ : • ¦ at n ork. The result was a constantly
..-rtgular movement. United States Steel pre
-rired ..„• the leature of tfce market in con
*-;r^a:icn of yesterday's strength- This was
? <tro=g sympathetic effect on the general
list aad was supplemented by the aggressive
Krer-Fia developed ty Reading.
lyortfcem Securities made another jump ia
tte curb market aad rumors continued largely
i revajent of a compromise between the Union
Pactte aa£ Great Northern lntertsts In that
ccrjoral'ics. Bat Union Pacific gave signs of
¦»-iriress aa«! the nrre was true cf Atcfclarfc,
Ahjci was forr-VS nearly a below last
I "ffiyf .in the late trading. The momentary
Vf Amalgamated Copper was con
c nect»~ wlti: fke large Huropeaa consumption
i.: lt~ product.
: M&rjex continued to work, somewhat easier
otnd tr.e demand .»u very dull. A loan ex
iaasioa, for the week, ia view of the greater
speculative activity at the Stock Exchange
will" not prove a rtirprUe, however. As the
OiOvement toward the interior continues heavy.
pother considerable inroad upon • surplus re
>»;rve'*- is bcsiprlng to be counted upen. Lon
•ica bouzht stock! here again to-day and the
expert movement of cotton was raid to b«
v*ry Izrge. tterllcg exchange yielded a few
roists. Experts of «xrar^remeats for. a n»w
n^ssiaa lcaa osd of lo&as fcr the Germaa
Kavci* ciLiid " Prussf* were current. The
weather map offered no ground for apprehen
sion #ver the crop*, but President Miller of
Jst- Bad added his eahctlon to the two-
Milion ccrn crcp estimate. On the c:rc"21ati>»a
cf the "!roa« Age'c proof sheets l*te In the
•iaje United Et&tes El«." preferred rose to Tih.
and helped'to "rally the market, but the clos
>i wa*°ratlier irregular.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
f4.Z7O.00*>.* United Etates bonds were un
uhacsc-S on rail.
NEV/ YORK STOCK LIST.
iZ. £. liuttoa & Co.. 430 California street,
?^an Freadsco, members cf the New York
r-tock Exchange, furnish the following official
'._••.„*'.:.:.* cf that Exchange;
tales, j Etocks — . jHighlLow." Bid.j A*k-
(Adams Express.. |» 1230 ;235
2.Cuu,Amalg Copper ..( M SS%| 5S%| 66%
C Am Can Co I i« . Z\
j Do pfd j 46*i 47
I.-KXJ Ac Car * T Co.f 23% 23% 23SI 23%
S-kj, Do pfd 61?* 61% bl% S2
2.«(0«> i Am Cotton OH.. 3O SS j 23* 23%
¦WO] Uo pfd 31 91 w ul\t
| A » Dist Tel....j 23 25
,Am Ex I ;2y5 210
loO Am Gran T Co.. « t> 5T- <5%
-.'..i..|AB KldeftL..... 4% 5'
iuo. Do pfd 2J)% 20% 2o' 21
.-..300,'Am Ice fc^, 7% a g%
.12JJ0U; Do pfd 34 SOT, 83% 34'i
(An Linseed 12 1414
Do pfd 31 35 I
1.500 Am Locomotive. ¦ 28»i 25% 26 M% I
i. Do pM 05% wj'
.Am Malt ..! 4 4%
1,1*00 Do pfd £0 1914 2y?4l 2-H,
i*x>,Am S £ R Co.. «7% C7 C7 C7'i
.SnOj Do ptd 103',,1'i-jii ItiO-illlu' 1
. 4,. -hj Am Sugar 132:, 152 132%!l32i;
I Do pfd 1SS 130
:.,.-. .,Ara Tel & Tel Co 140 141
300Am Tob pld 144% 144 144 14<J
Am Woolen \z\ 14%
„ Do pfd 81% 81%
l.OOOj Anaconda ] 04 91% »3' »4
— . -Ann Arbor | 30 31
. "_."..! Do pfd 1 60 C"»
SX300A T & S T I «% KS fea 83%
2.4U* Do pfd 101 14J 101 % 100>A i«0»4
5.400 Dalt Sc Ohio j (s»% ta% b9& «9%
......j Do pfd J I'M 9^1
llSHMKB R T I 56-Ji! R.MM M M14.
100 Brook Un Oas..]22O i220 1218 222'
JBruns D & I...J j 1 7-4I 7U
,.lnutterlck Co. ..1 1 1 48 I 4»%
-^.-..iCaasds. 5outb«m! ' j *5S*54f tv'
.S,fijO;CaaadUa Pacacjiao jl2a%jl23«)i I2»!4
Harrison's circular says: "Sine* the depart
ure of the steamship Sierra, there have been
the following coal deliveries from Australia,
namely: Ernest Reyer, 3100 toas; Weathers
field. 1490 tons; Ditton. 4180 tons; General Ne
grier. 2929 tons; Reaper. 1S26 tons; total. 13.
522 tons. There are seven cargoes of New
castle coal which are expected to arrive here
prior to November 1^ these seven, added to
the quantity now in yard, will be ample sop
ply for all local requirements for the next two
or three months. There are twenty-eight ves
sels ar present on the engaged list to transport
Australian coal here, with a carrying capacity
of 70,000 tons. Several of these cargoes will
not arrive here prior to the ead of the year.
Ia September. 1903, thirteen cargoes, carryiag
44,147 tons of Australian coal, were delivered
here. For the same time* this year we have had
but five arrivals from Newcastle with 13.522
tons. But few names of coal carriers are be
ing added to the loading list, partlaly because
the asking freight rate from Newcastle I* too
high, and the demand at this end Is dimin
ishing; the competition offered by our northern
coast collieries has served to cut down values
A*ry materially. The proximity of tte winter
months is already being felt and the domestic
foe! trade is becoming active; this will serve
to materially decrease the stocks of colonial
coal now on hand. Coal as a steam fnel is
gradually losing its hold amoag large consum
ers locally, as they are substituting fnel . «U
BAGS — Grain Bags. $363 23; Saa Quentia.
$4 50- Wool Bags. 30©32c: Fleece Twine. 7%c;
Fruit Bags, «%©7%c for white aad 7c for
brown jute. - -
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 W: P-oslya. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50- .Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 la
bur; and $14 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egff. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Web-h Lump $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk aad $15 la sacks:
Rocky Mouatala descriptions. $S 60 per short
ton. '
LOCAL MAEKETS.
General Merchandise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered la Saa Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. 7UG7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%66%c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4S?4%c per lb (groes weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@3*4c; Ewes. 3#3«ic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50€2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 200 lbs, 4%e;
200 to 230 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 230 lbs 4%c: soft Hogs, not waated:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%@7c for Steers aad 4S5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7©8c; small 8©flo per lb.
I MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. 697c
per lb.
LAMB— S@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6@8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is no further change to report In this
market. Supplies of all inscriptions continue
liberal.
DRESSED MEATS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — /-; Sept. Dee.
Opening .., 7 &*£ 7 ~~i
Closing , 7 5*4 7 7%
,,•'.- PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 65 24 95
Closing 23 00 24 S3
Flour—
Opening - 31 35 32 55
Closing 31 25 32 55
London Wool Market.
, LONDON, Sept. 23. — A ahipaent consisting
of 9678 bales was offered at the wool auction
sales to-day. Merinos were in spirited demand
and scourfds sold well to France and Ger
many. Firsts, scouads, greasy pieces brought
out strong competition, and they sold at the
highest rates of the series. Americans pur
chased a few lots of medium sllpes and su
perior crossbreds. Fine Merinos were firm.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.' : . '
PORTLAND, S«pt. 28.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 80®80%o; bluestem. 83c; val
ley, 86c For Eastern markets: Walla Walla,
84c; bluestem, 87c. ' ~
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 28.— Wheat unciaaged. Brae
stem. 86c: club, 82c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 28.— Clearings. $600,353;
balances. $66,834.
TACOMA. Sept. 28. — Clearings, $466,414;
balances. $47,455.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28. — Clearings, $764,280;
balances, $199,732.
SPOKANE,- Sept. 28.— Clearing*, $379,952;
balances. ?49,740.
Meat Market.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The Comstock mining shares were muca mor»
active and steady quotations ruled for th*»
whole list while several stocks wer« higher.
The Tonopah stocks were moderately active *3<|
cot materially changed.
The Hale ft Norcross Mining Company ha*
levied an assessment of 10c.
The American Smelting and Reflatrg Com
pany has declared regular qtjarterly dividends
of 1% per cent on the preferred stock and 1»4
per cent on the common stock, payable October
11 and 25 respectively.
The American Woolen Compaay has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per ceat
on the preferred stock, payable October 15.
During the last hour of the session of tha
New York Stock Exchange yesterday Saa Fran
cisco orders for Steel preferred stock were so
heavy that they controlled th? New York;
market, as will be seea la the first column.
This caused a sNr la Wall street.
The Paxton. Halfmoon Bay and Americas
Duchesa oil companies have each levied aa as
sessment of 2c deliaqaent October 2i.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— BM. Asksd.
Apollo 40 43
Associated Trust Cert 19 23
California Standard .... . 15
Canbou 4 4O 4 SO
Claremont 13 TS
Esperanza Tl 1 SO
Hanford ......'... 1 75
Home .„ 135 ISO
Imperial 13 ' IS .
Independence 27 f 2S
Junction "- 03
Kern, old ........... ••...... 4 W .... ¦
Monte Crist© 6R «T
Occidental at TV. Va 05 ••
OU City Petroleum 52 . 53 .
Plttsburg 04 "-....
Reed Crude 133 160
Sterllns; 8 Oft
Thirty-three 8 25
Tottec r» 1 05
Twenty-eight » 50 10 OO
Miscellaneous —
Cnntes Company ............ 9 5O 1 0O
Fischer's Theater 10 75
Truck** Electric 10 00 1173
SALES.
Morniac Session.
3f«> Moate Cristo S3
17«O Claremont 7S
1000 Independence 23
3000 Associated Bonds 70 23
100 Oil City Petroleum 53
Afternoon Session.
4000 Associated Bonds 70 5<»
1000 Oil City Petroleum 5a
Mining Stocks.
SAN FR-OTCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock aad Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
lOO Andes 211 20*> Juli* 19
33O Belcher 33 3^0 Mexican I 1*
•ICO Bullion 25! 15f» Ophlr 2 43
100 Caledonia :.. 611 '- 200 Overman 19
BOOCholUr 20! 2WPoton> .... 19
10O Challenge Con 21J 100 Sierra Nevada 35
500 Con C A Va.l 30« 4fX> Sierra Nevada M
3O» Confidence .. «»! 100 Sliver Hill 4*»
SCO Goold * Cot. 25' 70O Union Con 4«
SCO Hale & Norc- «M! 50O Union Con.... 47
500 Hale * Norc. 63!l0r« Utah 12?
Afternooa Session.
100 Vndes 22! SCO Mexican 1 3»>
*¥> Belcher 35 ' SOO Ophlr 2 4.1
1«> Bullion 2*5! *•»> Potcsl 19
40O Caledonia ... «2 2T«O Sierra Nevada 3".»
10O Challenge Con 23! I*** Union Con 4*
1WO Chol'ar 21t 2<*> Utah «
30O Con C tt Va..l 3.'»llCOi> Utah 12
ICO Exchequer . . 55j 1C0 Tellow Jacket 27
400 Gould & Cur. 25i
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale» on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O Cen Eureka.. U5iV is MacNamara .. 3g
10W> Jumbo - ~i>f ICQ Montana Ton. 1 DO
5«V> Jumbo 71 l 3«;OTon Gold Mtn 1«
5fiO MacNamara . 30' 4<>0 West End 13
S523 MacNamara . 4<>i H» Ton of Nev...S 25
Afternoon Session.
4250 GoldfleM Ton. • 15'l«x» Rescue ... f%
1300 MaeNamara . 3d! 7CO Ton Midway.. 39
Continued on Fase Twelve*
The Stock and Bond Exchange was not ia
session yesterday, owing to the funeral of Wil
liam H Bremer. a late member.
No Sessions of the Stock ami
Bond Exchange Yesterday.
Extraordinary buying of Hops Is reported all
over the coast. A dispatch from Portland says
that at quotations that ranged from lc to Ze
higher than at the opening thousands of bales
liav* changed hands. In Oregon. Washington
and California if is estimated that one day's
sales amounted to 10.(00 bales No such flurry
has been known in the history of the Hop mar
ket in Oregon."
This Is coitflrmatory of previcas statements
to this effect In this column, and shows that
but a fraction of the crop n*»w remain* In
growers' hands. The market la very stiff and
still pointing upward. •
HTDE3 AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H61c under quotations. Heavy salted
Ste«»r.«. lte; medium, ttc; light, 8%c; Cow
Hiden. S%c for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags 6%c; Salted Kip 8%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Saltea Calf, lie; dry Hides l«%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf, 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25-3
40c each; short Wool, 4Og65c each; medium.
75.300c: long Wool, $101 CO; Horse Hkdes,
salt. $2 75 for large aad $?fj2 60 for medium.
$1 23'g'l 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large aad *1 60 for me
dium. $1#1 25 for small aad 60c for Coitn.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 22c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c f extra large do,
$1 25; lanre. 50c; medium 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joarjuln and South
ern. 9<811e; Southern S£9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9«?llc; Middle Qountles. free. 12814c:
do. defective. 10@12c: Northern free. 12#14c;
do. defective. 10<@12c; Hutnboldt aad Mentio
cino. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 23©23c per lb.
STOCK MARKET.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
EASTERN* 3IARKETS. (
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 2S.
Flour, qr »ks... 13.5 40f Feed, sis 19
Wheat ct!3 1.332 Tallow. ctU 27«
Barley ctls '4.3311 Leather rolls... 247
Oats ctls 1.700! HMon No 1.153
Beans, sks 99 Pelts. *o 5.>*rt
Potatoes, sks... 3.914! Lime, bbla ««3
Onions, sks 34' Paper, ran C.5
Bran, sks 1.2T5 Win*, gals IC.JtfO
Middlings sks. 108 Raisins. bx» 575
Hay tons S4 1 Broomcorpt bdls. JET
Hops, bales 2.102! Sugar, ctls 3.&4O
Wool bales l.r«6 ! Chicory, bbls ".
Shorts, sks 4'X)I QutcksilveT. flks. S4
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 4.225 Oats, ctls 1,«M>
WASHINGTON.
Flour, -fi-sks... 12.2741 Flaxseed sks... 1.T2S
Oats. ctls...... 8.2S*5i
Receipts of Produce.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half bbU. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7Tsc per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, 11 %c for light medium. 14c for light,
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides 10%c; Bellies. 12c:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c: Mess Beef. $10©10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $U$11 50; Family. $12©12 5O;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c: Pig Pork.
$2t$; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per 13 for
compound and 10c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins, 10%c; 3-lb
tins. lie.
"Provisions are rather quiet and the volume of
tra'Je is not large. There Is some scattered
irtflt-taking. After the advance, however, the
action of the market does not «eem to be weak
and the c :s*.ributive demand continues good."
Pure Lard is %c higher. Hams and Bacon
are unchanged.
Brokers' wires from Chicago yesterday said:
Provisions.
OMAHA. Sept. 28. — CATTLE — Receipts,
8200. Market. 10c lower. Native steers, $4@6;
cows and heifer* $2 40©3 70; Western steers,
$3S4 65; Texas steere, $2 75@3 75: cows and
heifers. $2 25®3 30; canners, $1 60<§2 10;
stockers and feeders, $2 25^4; calves, $3(g5 50;
bulls and stage, $1 75©3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 6O<>O. ¦ Market, 10#15c
lower. Heavy. $5 6O#5 SO; mixed. $5 75*g5 80;
light $5 SC@5 90; pigs, ?5@5 50; balk of sales,
$5 7rf#5 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18.000. Generally steady.
Western yearlings, $3 60®3 90; wethers, $3 40
63 75: ewes, %ZQZ 50; common and stockers,
$2 50(83 75; lan^be, $4 50@5.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. . 2.^— CATTLE—
Receipts, 14,000. Steady to shade lower. Na
tive stters, $3 75@6; native cows and heifers,
$1 W>&4 6O: -Trtockers and $2 25®4;
bulls. $1 75<gS 50; calves, $2 50@5 50; Western
steers. $3@4. 25; ! Western cowe. $1 50@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 7000. Market, 5c lower.
Bulk of sales $5 S0Q5 95; heavy, $5 80«5 95;
packers, ,$5 S0>§5 95; pigs and light, $5 7O@
6 90. '
SHEEP— Receipts. 8000. Steady. Muttons.
$3#3 90; lambs, $4&5 25; rang* wethers, $3 25
©3 90; ewes, ?2 50@3 30; Utah lambs, 76 lbs.,
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts.
27.C*X», including 70OO "Westerns. Market. 10c
lower. Good to prime • steers, $5 50(33 40; poor
to medium, $4Jt3 25: stockers and feeders.
$2 25(34; cows. $1 30®4 50; heifers. $2@4 75;
canners $1 30@C 25; bulls. $2@4: calves, $3 50
©6 50; Texas fed steers, $4 50<&5 50; Western
Steers, $3i§4 80.
HOGS — Receipts. 17,000: to-morrow. 13.000.
Market. 10<gl5c lower. Mtxed and butchers',
$5 65Q"»? 25; good to choice heavy, $5 9036 20;
rough heavy, $5 50®5 70; light, $5 65<§6 15;
bulk of eales, $5 $5&ti.
SHEEP — Receipts. 25.000. Market, stronger.
Lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $3 80®
4 60; fair to choice mixed. $3^3 90; Western
sheep $31r4 15; native Iambs, $4@6; Western
lamb?. $4@5 65.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
and there was a good demand from mills at |
previous premiums. The Southwest continues
to advise the probability of a decrease in the !
movement of -winter Wheat. The winter Wheat i
movement always decreases at this season, j
As a rule, very little or no accumulation of
stocks takes place out of the winter Wheat
movement. 'The spring Wheat movement is
fairly under way and likely to continue for
some weeks. The large speculative interest
and much of the previous source of good
speculative buying has been withdrawn from j
the market pending the result. Trie flour de
mand Is good and the present situation, so far !
as domestic conditions are concerned, is not |
an unhealthy one. It is all a question whether j
the domestic demand will be equal to the sup- i
ply for the next few weeks. We are a little
doubtful of it."
In this market both cash grain and futures
were rather quiet, but the latter advanced
somewhat in the afternoon. Prices for the for
mer remained unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 50; California White
Australian. $1 55® 1 62%; Northern Club. $1 40
@1 50; Northern Bluestem. $1 57%@1 62% per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close, j
December ..$1 50% $1 51% $1 50% $1 51
May 1 52 1 52 1 51% 1 51%
2 p. m. Session. ¦ i~-*^'
Open. High. Low. . Close. :
December ..$1 51%" $1 51% $1 51% $1 51%
May 1 52 1 52 1 52 1 52
BARLEY — The market for choice bright Feed
was slightly firmer, but very quiet. Futures
were also quiet and not materially changed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07%<?l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. 51 15@1 17%; Chevalier 41 l»r,*
1 22% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 12% $1 12% $1 12% $1 12%
2 p. m. Session.
December— No sales; $1 12% bid. $1 13 asked.
OATS — Some dealers quote an easy and quiet
market, while others report very fair sales at
steady prices. The net situation remains about
as before. Offerings are liberal. There were
free receipts from the north, as will be seen
elsewhere.
1 White. $1 37^61 55; Surprise, $1 50@l 60;
; Red. $;. 22%®1 42% for feed and $1 4C@1 50
for seed; Black, $1 iO'ql 35 for feed and $1 50
1 ©1 70 for seed.
CORN — There is nothing new to report la
this market, which is quiet.
Western sacked $1 4o@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 4031 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 4Ogl 45; small round
do $1 55@1 62%; White, nominal; Egyptian.
$l'35©l 45 for White and $1 25©1 30 for
Brown. . fr,
RYE— $1 35<81 40 per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstutfs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80@
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7Og5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S3'g4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy,
! $.$ 60®3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
i Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
! Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats bbl?. $6 50-37 60; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 1U0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were light again, being only
84 tons, including 5 cars. The dealers are
again complaining of the slowness with which
the accumulated care are coming into this mar
ket. Quotations show no further change.
The circular of Somcrs & 'Co. says: "Total
arrivals for the week show 5S0O tons. In com
parison with 3300 tons for the week preceding.
The railroad company has been spasmodically
delivering Hay. although there is still a large
amount of lt sidetracked throughout the coun
try, some of which has been loaded for sev
eral weeks. The Irregularity of arrivals,
coupled with the uncertainty as to what effect
the recent storm will have, hae caused consid
erable uneasiness to most of the handlers of
Hay here. There is still a large amount of Hay
out of doors, all of which will be damaged to a
greater or less extent. It may be that this
will be thrown on the market and sacrificed,
which will hurt the tone of the market mate
rially. On the other hand, it may be that
from this time on there will be a premium on
good, sound Hay. which may advance the mar
ket somewhat. It Is too early as yet to fore-
Judge this matter, so we will have to await
developments. From what we can learn, there
are yet about 3CD cars 'of Hay awaiting track
room here, so for the immediate future every
thing points toward a well supplied market
and no material change In prices. We can
note no improvement In the demand as far as
local trade goes, and nothing further has de
veloped'as yet In the line of foreign trade."
Bran and Middlings remain as stated yester
day
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24ff2S per ton
SHORTS— «2<>g21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 5O«24 p*»r
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50-332 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22£23: Corn
Meal. $30 50031 50; Cracked Corn. $31^32;
Mixed Feed, $22g22 50: Horse Beans, $30>S40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $9@13 50 with $14314 5O for
extra fins; Wheat and Oat. $S&1.1; Oat, $*©12:
Barley and Oat JJJ-Will; Volunteer Wild Oat,
$tJ50i@9: stable'. $7©3 50; stock, $5 5O©7; i
Clover. $&910; Alfalfa. $!>£12 per ton.
STRAW— 3Og50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. .
As mentioned yesterday, quotations for Beans
are unchanged and nominal, as neither buyers
nor sellers care to commit themselves until the
extent of the damage by the rains is more
definitely known. Receipts are running light
at the moment.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 15<g2 50; Pea. $2 75©3;
Butters. $2 75-S3: small White. $2 50^2 90;
large White. $2 15©2 40; Pink. $2 25©2 90;
Red. $3 75^4; Llma v $3 70@4; Red Kidneys.
$4&4 25: Blackeyes, $2 25<g2 40 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 85@2 40. •
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
1 Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $1 90®3 25; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa 15c; Rape, 1%©2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
©3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles $2@2 25; new Green
Peas, $2@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy, being close
on to 4000 sacks, but as the market had pre
viously been bare and the demand continued
brisk; the recently advanced quotations were
well maintained and there was very little
stock left la first hands at the close. Onions
were dull at unchanged rates.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
in good shape and early arrivals of all de
scriptions moved off well at good prices. Good
Tomatoes were rathe r firm at 40 / s?«5Oc per box
I during the early trade, but the bulk of the re
ceipts came to hand late and had to be held
ovct. Old and wet lots were selling down to
25c per box. but there was very little such
stock offering.
POTATOES — Burbank* from the river, «5@
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbank*. $1 10@l 40 per
ctl: Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 759
85c: Sweet Potatoes. $1@1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1©1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c®$l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans. 2%S4c
per lb; Lima Beans, 3@3%c per lb; Tomatoes, 25
I @60c per box; Efimmer Squash,- 65#75c per box;
Cabbage. 75c per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 40<@50c per box; Pickle Cucum
bers, 50c©$l 25 per box; Garlic. 4%c per lb:
Egg Plant. 49®50o per box; Dried Peppers,
nominal: Green Okra. 40@50c per box; Green
Peppers. 50>860c per box; Marrowfat Squasa,
$16 per ton. .
Poultry and Game.
Fully two-thirds of the recent heavy receipt*
of Western Poultry were young chickens, which
sold ia preference to California young stock,
I thus causing an easier market for the latter.
Large old Hens were the only description of
chickens which showed any firmness. Ducks,
Geese and young Turkeys were quoted firm at
previous prices. Receipts of domestic stock
were 60 coops.' No Western came in.
POULTRY — Live Tcrkeys. old, 143 15c per
lb for Gobblers and 154316c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 20©22c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 50
el 75; Goslings, $1 75®2; Ducks. $4 5085 per
; dozen for old and $5@6 for young; Hens. $4 50
©5 for small and $5 50#6 for for large: young
Rooeters. $5*195 50: old Roosters. $15085; Fry
ers. $3 5O®4 50; Broilers, $2 5Og3 50; Pigeans,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50<@2 for Squabs.
- GAME: — Wild Doves, $1 per dozen; Hare,
$1 25421 60 per dozen ; Rabbits. $2 per dozen
for Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush.
Butter^ Cheese and Eggsl
' Butter is ' lower and quiet at the decline.
Stocks arc more than the market needs at
the noment and dealers generally complain of
tha slackness of. the demand.
The situation in Cheese is slowly but per
'¦ .-rptlbly improving, as stocks are lighter and
ths demauc Is somewhat better. Prices, how
ever show no advance.
The nu jority of the trade report a lower
market far Eggs. This Is not the time of the
year fcr E&S" to decline, and the tendency is
usually Just the other way. but there ia no
scarcity of stock and the public are using cold
storage ana Eastern to such an exte;:t that
ranch are being neglected. Receipts yesterday
•were considerably larger than of late, and this
Jrrreased the weakness.
.Recelfis were 33.200 lbs Butter, 745 cases
Eggs and 74CO lbs Cheese. ,
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2Sc
for ' extras and 26©27c for firsts; dairy. 21©
24c* cold storage. 24c; store Butter. 17@20c;
Eastern creamery. 21 %S23c; Eastern ladle
packed. 16©17c per lb; Utah squares, 28c. .
I CHEESE: — 0010c • for ' choice mild new sad
1 8«8%c for lower . grades; Young Americas.
10%?>lle; Oregon.. 8®9%c; Eastern. lo-gl5c
per .tW: ., ... , . . .- ._ . ... _ .
San Francisco Swings Steel
The featare of the local dealing* Ja stocks 1
%*»:sr<!ay w»s ths purchase by the fan Fran- >
¦¦so, brar.ch orace of E. F. Hui:on & Co. of
tiew Voric of >' 23,000 el:ares of siieel 1 referred |
rtocx. This isx^e transaction caused a «Ur in j
V ail eirett. end for ti:t hour preceding th* |
c-;o6€ of that miirkct Sar. Franrisco controlled
Quotations rcr steel *fa«uv». T!::s c:ty is doing
more bus, ness in stocks right along, and ia
cuooecaon mttit it* regular itcpoj-tations of
*..jld frjra Jaran and Australia is br-c-jCTi;ng
known aa an iir.portar.t ecancl^I center.
Stocks, Cotton and W heat.
E. F? Jlutton &. Co 'e wires froja New York j
r^tcriay «aid:
— Tlie general tltiiaiica and outlook I
Cor the stock markets continue goc^d and sug- j
gettire ci a cor.tir:--:6.nc2 of a e^ni trading j
»rarket. »1t.h proeperts cf still higher price*, i
Ttere u= !ncrea«lnj evidence of a revival of
activity in "reHeral liasint!* 1 this fall and win
ter, an<f lie -*¦*¦•»•— 11 are that the outside spec
uiauve -end in vestment demand for stocks will
IxxrssMe rather than diminish undtr these con
s'-qutnres, which :ire wtli known and becom
ir.x rtther gea^ral'y appreciated and stimulat
r.g eveiieszn «ia the future stairtlity cf th«
niarlitt.
COTTON — A much better dmiand for cotton
.•:veloi-e<l to-day and it turned the market up
:rorn the orecing declines cf 10 to 12 points to
a maximum rise lite in t8e afternoon of about
Lt icitss. "nirae !a asd out speculative op^ra- J
tiaoa are the "principal cause of «rratic flue- |
V»tlon«. Our idea was that the market should "
i^ave b»*n bought on "tie decline to-day, and it
*»s also the opinion of other conservative
n-^uses^ Ep^ciilaiive znarket conditions are
rr.ore i^rorab!* than a wtek ago. The fu
ture course of prict« will depend entirely upon
tbc character of next month's crop report,
R-fcirb will be lasocd at noon on Ocu.b«r 3.
Tte Chicago IW.^ord- Herald said of wheat
tr.J Sour: "Three million bushel? cf wheat
wm pass through Duluth from the* State of
'.Vaehiaptoc a»1 go down the lakes on boats
before the close of navlration. Three thousand
car* will be required to move the cereal. 'In
all n:y Mfe I hav% never sold a* much flour
*s s\z:ce tte Srst of this niocth.' eaid Wllllaa
O. Oliver, city salesman for Peterson Brothers
& Cornpany. "The tra-ie was practically down
o its^)»a*t barrel before it bought anything.
Then «?verybo<!y b»>*ran buying at once and
wasted immediate delivery. Millers are tight
ening up on their price every d*v. Kansas
Boor is 50 cents per fcarrtl higher than U wa*
tr-.ree days *go." "
FRUITS — New crop^Aprlcots, 7%69%c for
Royals and 91? 12c for Mooroarks; Nectarines,
5%@7c; Peaches. 6%68%c per lb; Pears. 7©
12c; Plums, pitted. 6©6%e for black. 8S?%c
for red and 7©S%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks 50c; 3-crown. 55c; 4-crown GOc; 6
crown, 65c; bulk white, 2%@3c: bUck. 3%c
Evaporated Apples. 5%©7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%©1\c per lb for the four slies.
RAISINS — ISO* crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial dusters. $2 25©*.! 50; Dehesa. $1 •KO2;
London Layers. SOc@$l; Loo?e Muscatels. 4
crown. 3%@4c: 3-crown. 3'a3Sc; 2-crown.
2%@2%c; Seedless 2%«52%c; Floated. 2%c;
Seeded, 3%@5%c; Thompson's Seedless, 4V t c;
Seedless Sultanas. 3®3%c. 1803 crop — Loose
Muscatels 252Uc; Seedless. l%c: Floated. 2c;
Pacifies. 1%i@2%c: Seeded. 3%@4%c: Ma'.agaa.
l%t?2>4c pe r lb: Seedless Sultanaa, 2c.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie;
No. 2 9c; No. 1 hardshell. 10%c; No. 2. 8%c;
Almonds. 16® 17c for Nonpareils. 14914 %c for
I X L. 13«14c for Ne Plus Ultra and He for
Languedoc: Peanuts. 6'®7c for Eastern: Fe
cans. 11® 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Cnestauta,
20c per lb.
HONEY — Comb. ll©12s for white and 10<9
lie for amber; water whit* extracted, 5ri@
Cc; light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark, 3^?
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27S29c per Ib.
Dried FruitSjNutsJZaisinSjHoney.
for their purposes. Prices genarallr remaiaf
unchanged."
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c- Linseed 57e per gallon for boiled and
85c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 lOfil 12: LaccJ. 50c foe
boiled and 4Sc for raw;. China, Nut. cajea.
05-SSOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. la barrels*
CSc for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural wtnt«sr
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whal*
Oil 57c- natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra, winter
strained" Lard OIL 73c; No. 1 Lard OU. «3c;
pure Neatsfoot OIL 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OU,
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring OU,
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: rair
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. S3c; raw Paint:
Oil. 31c."
COAL OIL — Water "White Coal Oil. la balk.
13c: Pearl Oil, In cases. 13%c: Astral. 13 %c;
Star 19 %c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene' 23c; Deodorixed Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c: in cases, 22%c: Benzine, la bulk. 13c; la
s,%ses. 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline, la bu'.k. 23c;
in cases. 31c.
*. TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red L*s>d, 7%©
7%c per 1b; White Lead. 7%'37%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per li> in 10O-lb bags*
Cnbes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. «.25«:
Powdered. &10c; randy Granulated. 8.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine, «c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated 6c : Beet Graaulatmi
<100-!b bags only* — —: Confectioners' A. 60;
Magnolia A. 560c: Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "'D," 5.3Oc: barrels. 10c more; hair
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5f* more: 50- lb bags.
19c mor* for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
«-50c; boxes 6.75c; H. ft E. Crystal Docainoa.
»c per lb. No orders taken for less thaa
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
15.3<.K;C & O 43*4! 42;, 13%1 43»i
C & A 1 .»>%) 40-i
: Do pfd 1 7S I SI
[C & K I pf3 | 12S |140
C I & L pfd 1 30 | i5
SOOC i G W 16%\ IC% ltf%| 1<JS
i j Do p:H A 1 33 1 55 ]
i Do pfd B i I 24 | 27 I
Da debs j I k2%| *2~'t, |
;C & N W lS»vi 183 J188 jlSi%
7.5COC M A. St P 150 il5sV4;15!j%i' JS^
j Do pfd [ISC lsO%
7,4<X>:C R I & P <new) 2S»<, 23 I 23% 2«V*
l.feOOi Do pfd 72% 72% 72i 4 72%
I Do 4s 76V4 76%
200 Chi Term 6»i 6% 0'^ C**
SuOj Do pfd 15%| 15 15 13J£
! Chicago Un Tracti | 7*4 8
I Do pfd 36 42
400 C C C & St L. .1 61 SI 79% SI
j Do pfd 100 |110
[Cleve Lor & W G 70
I Do pfd 82 [
l.COO.Cclo Fuel & I.. 35% 34% 34*4| 35
I Do pfd 60 75
! A'Colum H C & I.. 12%! 12«4 12% 12%
| TTUjColorado So. ..20 19% 19% 19% I
700. Do 1st pfd ... 51% 51 50* 4 51% j
400! Do 2d rfd 2t>H 26 25%| 2<3%
6,400 Consol Gas 207% 2'J6 1206% 2(t>%
SwOon Tob pfd... 124% |124% 124 124%
l.wjOCorn Products .. 16 i 15% 15% 15%
400! Do pfd 71 1 71 70% 71%
6,bOO;DeI & Hudson .. 167% '166 il6C%|lCT
:D L & W 1 2S4 |2S«
:D & R G 29% 29%
300; Do pfd S2»4 S2 82 1 82U
!Des M & Ft D 23 25
l.SOu Detroit Un Ry... 70%i 69% 69% 70
2w Detroit Southern 4 j 4 4 4%
Do pfd , 7 7%
iDiamond Match . 132 135
2,500, Distill Secur ... 30% I 29% 29% 29%
|Dis Secur bends 73V4 73%
IDuluth S S * A IS 18\4
I Do pfd ., 12% 13
23,&<x>Erie 31%' 30% 32U 32%
1.7CO, Do 1st pfd ... C7%; 67 €7%' 67%
2.1C0J Do 2d pfd 46%! 43%'.45% 4o
IE A T H 58 59
• Do pfd 73 S3
300 Ft W & D C.... 50 49 49 50
;Gen Chemical ! 48 55
Do pfd ! »4 97
700 Gen Electric ...173 172% 172 172%
... ;Great No. pfd... 175 178
;Green Cone Cop 1S% 18%
'Havana Tob Co 27 2S%
I Do pfd 39 41
100 Hock Valley ... S1V4! SIVi 81% 82
300; Do pfd 90 | &O S» I 90
10.000 Illinois Cen jl33Vl3.s<£ 139% 139 7 ii
jlnter Paper 17 17%
200. Do pfd 75% 75% 75% 75%
Inter Power 41%. 41%
200 Inter Pump 32 32 32' 35
Do pfd 77 . 80
ilowa Central 2i% 25
IOW Do p'd 45% 45% 45% 46%
Kanawha. *Mich 33 34%
• • |KCFt8&Mprd 77% 77%
jKans City So. 24% 25
Do pfd i 46^ 47T4,
IKeokuk & Des Mi 14 16
ILaclede Gas pfd.! 80 ilOO
Lake E & West. 31%j 33 *
Do Pfd 87% 100
I Long I* land 57 [58
50.000iL & N 127% 124% 127% 127%
70OMahattan 154%! 154%! 154% 154%
'Man Beach 10 \z
15,100,Metro Secur 81% 79% 80% 81
13,feCO,Metro St Ry 121%jl20 120% 1W%
000 Mexican Cent .. 14% 13% 14 14%
400jMinn & St L 57 5« 56 57'
10«'l Do 1st pfd 97 97 S5 88
70f»;M St P & S S M. 77 76% 76% 77
70O; Do pfd 134% 133 ' 133 134
800 Mo Kan & Tex. 24% 24% 24% 24%
2.5O0; Do rM 4 9 i 4 tf 2 49^ 4tt i 4
S.10" Missouri Pac .. S8% 07% 97% 8S
30y ; Nash C & Rt L. 124 1123 1123% 123
eoOrNatiocal Lead . 24%f 24%( 24% 24%
1001 Do pfd D6% &6% 84% 96%
;Nat R R of Mex. 20% 21%
j Do pfd 7.. 3fl 40
400,National Biscuit. 48 48%
•! Do pfd 1C0 109%
2O0iN J Central 180% 180% 180% 181
100;N Y Air Brake.. 138 138 137 133
&u0N Y Central . . . 12S 127% 127% 127%
lOOfN Y C & St L.. 29% 23% 29%! 30
Do 1st pfd 105 110
Do 2d pfd 65 68%
\S Y Dock t 14 16
i'-jJC Y N H & H 131 133
7.100. N Y Ont Sc W. 37 35% 35% 35%
900 Nor & West €S% 68% e&fi 63
Do pfd 90% 91
•;;v^;' North Amer •••• 95^ M^ »u 95%
18.000.North Secur .. 108% 107% 108% 1C8%
Omaha 149 150
! Do pfd 185
O S L 4s 99% o»%,
; Pacific Coast 64% 65
100: Do 1st pfd 09 89 6S 105
100 Do 2d pfd 73% 73% 73% 75
•jOOPacifle Mail .... 35 34% 34 B4tf
34,CC0Penn R R Co.... LS2V. 131% 132% 132%
- 1.700 Peoples Gas 1102^1102' I1U2U 102%
Per* Marq pfd.. 1 75 so'
P C C & St L 71
Do pfd 105
100 Pr»s« Steel Car. 33 32% 32% 33
100! Do pfd 80 79% 79% 81
'Pullman Car Co 216 220
lOORy Steel Sps Co. 23% 23 23 23%
I Do pfd 79% 80
102.500;Readine e$% 67% 6S% 6*%
Do 1st pfd -. 85' 86
1.70OI Do 2d pfd 78 77 77 75
«OQjRepublic S & I.. 9% 9 9 9'4
1.000; Do pfd 45% 44% 45 45'4
C,70->Rubber Goods... 21% 20% 21% 21%
300| Do pfd S4 S4 84 84%
IRutbJand pfd 38 45
100 Sloss S S &. 1 Co 40% 40% 40 41
Do pfd 8« 87
-•-•-Jst J & G 1 15 17
2C01 Do 1st pfd 44 48
100 Do 2d pfd 24 26
!S L & B F 1st pfd 1 71 - 74%
1,100! Do 2d pfd 60%! &8 59% 60%
80o,StL&SW 21% 21% 21«i 21%
000 Do pfd 45% 44% 44% 44VI
11, 800 'South Pacific ... {^7% 56H 57' 57%
61,100 Southern Ry ... 33% 32% 33*4 33%.
l.OOO Do pfd «1»i 93 93% »3%»
JStandard Oil 638 C41
10o;Etacd R b. T 1% 1% 1% »
8.70f>,Trnn Ccal & Iron 43% 47% 4S54 4S''!
TPLTCo 30 33
1.7W>:Texas Pacific .. 31% 31 31% 31%
lOOITbird Avenus ..126 126% 126 126'%
200'.Tol Ry & T Co.. 24 24 23% 24«?
lOOJToi. £t L 4 W.. 31 31 30% 31%
1.100: Do pfd 60 49 49% 60
ll.SCC'Twin City R T.. 99>i 08% 99' 99%
Do pfd.. ss%| 83%
1C0C B & P 7% 7% 7%| 8
;..*....: Po rfd <&%]
40.0C0'Unlon Pacific .. 1C2 J101 lCls'lOl-*^
1.400' Do pf« 94 j 93% 93UI 94'
! Do conr 4'b... 106% lCti%ll<.«:%!i<';!',
.United Copper 10' ( 12 "
|U Rds of S F 12%! 14
j Do pfd 66 57
Do4 f s 84% 85
-200USCIP 12 12 10% 11
Do pfd &S% 56% 68 58%
....... (U S Express.... 115 120
2.000X S Leather 10 S% 9% 9TJ
1.000! Do pfd 88% SS 88 RS%
U P R * C pf d 55 56
O S Rubber 21% 21%
1.000 ! Do pfd 75% j 75 74% 75% ',
34.6CJU S Etcel Cor... is% 17% 1S% 1S%
150.000' Do pfd 72% 70% 72% 72%
SfOfl Va-Car Chstn Co 35% 34% 34% S3
l.Ztot' Do pfd 10S% 108 J1GSH KR%
W;0'Wabash 21 20%l 20% 21
1,100 Do pfd 42% 41% 41-4 42
I Do deb B's 65% 65 tt$ «5%
(Wells-Fargo Ex. 235 245
Western Union 00% 90%
WcsUnghouse 167 167%
I Do 1st pfd 185
W ft L E 17% IS
100 Do 1st pfd 45% 45 45 45%
! Do 2d pfd 24% 23%
1.3CG!Wlsconsin Cent." 21%! 20% 20% 21
500! Do pfd I 48 I 45»i 45. 45
ISouth Pac pfd.. .| 1 115% 116
810, 4C0 shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2a. r*g-..104%!L ft N unified 4s. 101 .
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s..lOC%
Do 3s. reg 105% Mexican Cen 4s... 68
. Do coupon 106% Do 1st inc...... 16%
Do new 4s. reg.l31«4iMin & St L 4s... 94
Do coupon 131% ] M. K & T 4s 100%
Do old 4.-. reg.lOf ¦.„ Do 2ds SOV*
Do coupon 107% xtl R Mex con 4s 77% ]
Atohison pen 4s..lC3T,,|N Y Cen gen 3%s.lOO»i
Do adj 4s »«i |N j cen gen os.,134
Atlantic C L 4s.. 8S»il Northern Pac 4s..lO4JJ
Bait <fc Ohio 4s.:.lC3%J Do 3s 74
Do 3i-js 93 | Nor & W con 4s.. 102%
Central of Ga 5.5.112 OSL 4s and panic 99%
Do 1st ino 8S%ipenn con 3%s 00% {
Chei & Ohio 4 %s. 105m Reading gen 4s...lC0%
Chi &l Alton 3U S . SOHfStL & IM con 53.117%
C . B&Q new 4s. 97 ?tL & SF fg 4s.. 8G% |
C.iV&st P gen 4s.lC9 I Sc L S W lsts QShi i
C & N W con 7s.l30%i Seaboard A L 4s.. 83 i
C. R ItPRB 4s ie* j Southern Pac 4s.. 94 ,
D<J co' *»3 S7 %i Southern Ry 5s... 117 !
CCC&StL gen 4s. 102 | Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 77 | T. St L & W 43.. S0%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 73*4) Union Pacific 4s. .105 I
C F & I con 53.. 78 | Do con 4s l0fi% '
< olo & South is.. 8(5 US Steel 2d 5s... S2%
Don & Rio G 4s..lT0u! wabash laUs 118 I
Erif; prior Hen 4s., 9» I Do deb B 63U
_ Do gen 4s S7%l Wheel A L E 4s.. 901,
FtU & DC lsts. 110 (Wisconsin Cen, 4s. 90%
Hocking Val 4US.10SU1
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS. j
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05 1
Al 'ce 35' Ontario 3 50
Breeee 151 Ophlr 2 25
Brunswick Con... 09! Phoenix 16
Comstock Tunnel.. 10 Potosi 16
Con Cal & Va....l 05: Savage 28
Horn Silver 1 60 Sierra Nevada 33 I
Iron Silver l 75 Small Hopes 2S
Leadvllle Con 02|Standard ISO'
Boston Stocks and Bonds. \
Money— |u E Steel 18 i
Call loans 2%©3%| Do pfd 72%
Time loans 4 ®5 I West'house Com.. 83
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchisor. adj 4s.. 95% | Adventure 4
Do 4s.. i 101>4! Alloues 14
Mextcan Cen 4«.. C9 Amalgamated .... 58U
Railroads — Amcr Zinc 11^
Atchlson S3 Atlantic 13
Do pfd lCO*g! Blngham 26%
Boston t Albany. 24S 1 i ! Calumet <fc Hacla.520
Boston ft: Maine. .164 I Centennial 26% I
Boston Elevated.. 1 ."3% I Copper Range G6H
Fitchburg pfd 137% I Daly West 14
Mexican Centra!.. M%i Dominion Coal.... 53
N T, N H 4 H.. 1«1 %l Franklin 8
P*re Manju»tte... 74 | Grar.cy 3%
Union Pacific 101% I Isle Royale 20%
Miscellaneous — ! Mars Mining 4%
Am Arge Chem.. 15 j Michigan <J
Do pfd 77 i Mohawk 45%
Am Pneu Tube... 4% I Mont Coa! 4 Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 131% Old Dominion 17
Do pfd 133 Oseeola 8
Am Tel & Tel... 140 Parrot 23%
Am Woolen 14 jQuincy 91
Do pfd S294I Shannon 4
Dominion I & S.. 12 I Tamarack 117
Ed Elee Ilium. . .257% Trinity 7%
General Electric. .171% U S Mining 20*i
Mass Electric 12* t D S Oil 11%
Do pfd 5S (Utah 40
' Mas3 Gas 42i;i Victoria 4%
United Fruit 105%|WInona sS
Un Shoe Mach... 52%! Wolverine 89
Condition of the Treasury.
1 WASHINGTON. Sept. M.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the gen
eral fund, pxclusiv« of the $150,000,000 gold
reserve in th* division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $148,530,379; gold.
$(37,757,702.
N(Kv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.— Cotton futures
opened easy; September. 10.28c; October,
j 10.27c: November, 10.2$c; December, 10.35c;
January. 10.39c: February, 10.40c; March.
j 10.4Sc; May, 10.52e.
Futures closed barely steady: September
10.:t.Hc; October, 10.35c; November. 10.37c: De-
J cember, 10.44c; January. 10.45c: February.
; 10.49c; March,. 10.53c; April 10.54c- May.
lO.SGc.
Spot clos<?d quiet, ten points decline: mid
dling uplands, 10.80c; middling gulf, 10.65c;
sales, 155 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.600 barrels: exports. 800 barrel.*; sales, 3600
packages: market inactive but held steady
WHEAT— Receipts, S6,50O bushels: sales, 5,
20O.OUO bushels; spot firm: No. 1 Northern Du- '
luth, fl 23% I. o~b. afloat;«No. 1 hard Manl- ;
toba. nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options ruled I
I Irregular and generally weak during the fore- !
( noon, reflecting poor cables* liquidation and '
heavy Northwest receipts. Later they expert
enced a strong advance on a bullish French I
crop estimate, predicted lighter Southwest ar- I
rivals. Armour baying and general covering, i
but finally yielded to realizing and closed un
rettled at *»1?Tsc net advance. May. fl 13H3
1 IS**; closed, II 14%: September. $1 \*iQ
1 17: closed. $1-17; December closed, $1 15%.
HOPi<— Firm. i~-
HIDES— Steady.
• WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE — Influenced by steadier European
cables the market for coffee futures opened
«eady at unchanged prices to an advance of
five points and in the absence of offerings
ruled pretty firm 'during the early trading
with prices at or.e time about 5@10 points \
higher. Later, however, offerings increased
somewhat cwing to continued large receipts
and the market was finally unchanged on all
positions except January and July, which wer>»
five points higher. Sales were reported of
25.750 bags, including September, 6.85c; Octo
ber. 6.S0c: November, 6.!*>c; December, 6.95c;
January. 7.05@7.10c; February. 7.15c; March,
7.25c; July, 7.60c; August, 7.«5c; spot Rio ;
steady; No. 7 Invoice, S%c; mild, quiet.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 5-16c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Firm: street price, extra cream
ery.- 20% @21c; official price, creamery, com
mon to extra, 13©2O«i4c.
CHEESE — Uncharged.
EGGS — Unchanged. 1
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED. APPLES— The demand coa- !
tinued light. Futures are easy, bnt spot of
fers were liberal and prices were pretty well
maintained. Common, 4Q5c: prime, 5%95%o;
choice. 6fie«c; fancy. 6%'STc
PRUNES — Are said to b« h«ld more firmly
for shipment from the coast, and it. Is re
ported that storms have damaged the crop.
Spot prices, however, remain unchanged In tha
absence of Important demand and quotations
still range from 2 to 5%c, according to grade. ;
APRICOTS — Are not offered freely and while j
demand seems light the market showed a firm ;
undertone. Choice are quoted at 9%3>10c. i
extra choice at 10%@10%c, and fancy, at
1K51.V.
PEACHES — Are unchanged, with choic*
quoted at 8%68%c, extra choic* at 8%$9o,
and fancy at 9%gl0c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — The London Un
market showed further strength, though the !
advance following the train of yesterday was
naturally limited. Spot closed At £127 15s and
futures at £123 5s. Locally demand was light,
but th« m»rket ruled firmer, in sympathy with
the foreign quotations, and spot oloasd at
$27 S5©2S 12%. «
The London copp«r market was also a lit
tle higher, closing- at £SS 7s 6d for spot and
future. Locally prices were unchanged, with
lake quoted at $12 7S&13; electrolytic at $12 73
©12 STT% aad casting at $12 KX&12 62%.
Lead ' »V> unchanged at $4 2<>gi 30 in the
local market and at £11 7s «d in London.
Spelt«r declined slightly in the English mar
ket io £22 5s for *r"t »nd remained unchanged
in the local market, where it is quoted at
$5 li>€5 2«.
Iron closed at 50s 3d in Glasgow and 43s in ,
Middl*«boro.
Locally iron was without material change.
No L foundry. Northern, is quoted at $1S 73®
14 25: No. 2 foundry. Northern, $13 25€£13 CO;
No 2 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry.
Southern soft, at $13 60®13 75.
San Francisco swings Steel Shares in Wall street.
Xezv York Stocks steady on the day. Cotton unsettled.
Local Stock and Bond Exchange not in session.
New'York cxeliange slightly higher. Mexican exchange ditto.
I irVat activity in Wheat and Flour in the West.
Hurley market tirm. but quiet. Oats and Corn unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff's as previously quoted.
Beans stilt nominal, zcith trading suspended.
Potatoes steady, zrifh heavy receihis. Onions dull.
Poult fy market veil stocked and weak.
Fresh fruits in good heal and shipping demand.
MEcstern Cranberry crop badlx damaged by frost.
Lord advanced YzC- Hams and Bacon unchanged.
Extraordinary buying of Hops all over the Coast.
Cattle. Slicep and Hogs unclian'gcd.
Coal in ample supply at previous prices.
Butter and Eggs zucak and the latter lozirr.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 25-31 75 p«r box: Win
ter Nellis, $I@1 25; other winter varieties. 35
675c.
PEACHES— 50#75c per box.
PLUMS— 50c<S$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 4C©50c for small and $1
Cl 5O for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25*g50c per box. •
FlGS — 3C©50c per drawer.
MELONS — Cantaloupe*. 75c©$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 30® 50c per box; Watermelon*.
$1 •¦(.¦< per dozen.
GRAPES — Smalfboxes and crates: Seedless,
e.vgS5c; Tokay. 35@S3c; Muscat, 30<g75c: Isa
bella, 50@75c; Black. 25G£3c. Large open
boxes. 50c6U 25: Wine Grapes. S15S23 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 S0<§3 50 per
box for' ' Valendas; Lemons, $2 50^3 for
fancy. $1 75#2 25 for choice and 91 25<gl 50
tor Standard: Grape Fruit $2 50433: Mexican
Limes. $1 50<@5 per case; Bananas. *I 50^2 Z»
per bunch for Central American and 75c9
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3Qi 50 per
dozen.
Advices from the East say that the Cran
berry ctop has been badly damage by frost and
that higher prices are expected to rule in the
near future.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 «*§5 per chest for the,
large varieties and $3@7 for Cheney Berries.
KASPKERTUES— *4ffS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8©10c per Ib.
CRANBERRIKS — 12 6t@3 per box for Coos
Bay and IS 25©8 50 'for Cape Cod.
APPLES— 81 33@1 50 for extra fancy. $1®
1 25 for ordinary fancy and 40*§90c for com
mon to choice.
There was Increased activity In all Hn=s of
fresh fruit, as the local demand was stimulated
by tfco warm, sunny weather, and a fair in
quiry was noted for shipment to Honolulu en
the steamers leaving to-day. Receipts of tab!.-
Grapes were moderate and sound dry lots sold
off well at good figures, while wet stock con
tinued to dwur. quotations for such offerlnzs
ranging from 25c to 50c per small box or crato.
Receipts of large open boxes were light, but.
owing to the difference in the slie of the boxe*.
quotations had a wide range. The Apple mar
ket bad a firm tone and the best offerings of
Gravenstein, Newtown' Pippins and Spitzenberg 1 '
were firmly held at higher rates. Trashy stock
was pretty well cleaned up. ¦ Berries were in
light receipt and choice offerings met with
prompt . sale at good prices, while poor and
mudjXjr lots were weak at low rates. Melons
were in fair request, but supplies were still
excessive and as usual there was quite a sur
plus unsold at the close. A fair amount of
business was reported in Citrus and Tropical
fruits. ¦<¦-.¦-¦ -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
I foreign crop statistician made the claim that
! 32 000 OCO bushels of wheat will have to be
i imported Into France. The larger part of the
i imported srrain, it was asserted, will have to
be shluced from America. The domestic '
flour situation was an added stimulus to the
purchase of wheat. The high point on De- '
cember was reached at $1 13%. while May,
sold up to 51 14U- A reaction occurred later, t
I Hnal trading as a result of liberal liqui- j
j datlon, much of the gain being lost. The i
! close however, was firm, with December at i
j $1 12'V-. Final quotations on May were at j
• $1 13%.. Clearances J of wneat - and flour were I
! equal to 16,200 bushels. Primary receipts were |
1.323,500 bushels, against 1,113,600 bushels a j
year ago. Minneapolis. Duluth and Chicago re- j
ported receicts of . 1062 cars, compared with [
67S cars last week and 656 cars a year ago. i
i During the early part of th« session an easy |
tone Drevailed in the corn Dlt. but sentiment
experienced a radical change later In the day,
the market becoming decidedly strong. De
cember . ODened unchanged to %c lower, at
50?4©609.c, sold between 50%@51%c; and
closed at 51% c. Local receipts were 1»4 cars,
with 17 of contract rrade.
' The strength of corn was the main factor
in holding oats firm- - December opened a
! shade to %@Vio lower, at 30>4@30«ie to 30%@
i 3t>%c. ranged between 3Oi£©3O'?ic. and elosed
I at 30?ic. Local receipts were igc cars.
|" Provisions were weak in sympathy witb a
I decMne of 10c at the yards' and increased re-
I ceipts of hogs. There was considerable liqui
i datlon of October holdfngs. At the close Janu
1 ary fork was off 15c. at (13 15. Lard was
i down 10c. at *7 37%. Ribs were 7%®10c
J lower at $6 SU%.
Eatimated peceints for to-morrow: Wheat,
78 car*; corn. 13* '•ars: oats, 155 cars; hogs,
18.0U> head.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! September, old. 1 1* 1 14 Vi 1 14 1 14
September, new 1 10 1 11 H 1 09% 1 11%
December 1 11*4 1 13% 1 11% 1 12**
May 112*, 1 14& 112ft 1 13«g
Corn No. 2 —
September ..... 52% 88 TJ 52*; 5354
I December 60»i «1% 50H 51%
May 4Ra 4 49% 48% 49»i
Oats No. 2 —
j September 29«s 30% 29% 29 ft
December 30% 30% 30% 30±i j
| May 32% 33% 32% 33% I
! Mess Pork, per bbl. —
September 11 30 11 52% 11 47% 11 50
I January 13 25 13 25 1115 13 15
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
October -,:.7 37% 7 42% 7 37% 7 37%
January 7 40 7 42ft 7 S7% - 7 37%
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs.—
October 7 72% 7 75 7 67% 7 72%
January 6 87% 6 !X> 6 82% 6 82%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S. — Cash quotations were
I as follows: Flour, tirm: No. 2 spring wheat.
! $1 18; No. 3, 51 06@l 15; No. 2 red. $1 12V4© I
I 1 18: No 2 corn. 52*lc; No. 2 yellow, 55*ic;
I No. 2 oats, Sl%<832»ic: >*>. 2 white. 32©32%c;
i No. 3 white. 30©31-}4c; good feeding barley.
! Xr>®39c: fair to choice malting 41@v40c-, No. 1
i flaxseed, $1 07'ffl 15: No. 1* Northwestern,
! $1 15@1 IS; prime timothy seed. $2 45®2 50;
mess pork, per bbl.. $.11 50<?U 60; lard, per
1 100 lbs., $7 40; short ribs sides (loose). $7 45@
' 7 87%; short clear sides (boxed), '$8 50@S 75;
i whisky, basis of high wines. $1 26%; clover,
i contract jrrade, $17 25.
Articles — I Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels 37,500 14,400
' Wheat, bushels 1S8.000 „ 122,900
1 Corn, bushels <• . . . .425,600 193,500
Oats bushels - 365,300 100,300
Rye. bushels 8,000 2.200
Barley, bushels 300,600 13,100
Butter Cheese andvEggs.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Cm the Produce- Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 14620c; dairy. 13@17c Eggs were
steady at mark, case* included, 14tfl7 «i<j;
firsts, ISc. Cheese was firm at 9*i@10%c.
EGGS— Ranch. 39c for large .white se
lected 37%«?;Js>c for choice and 35<S3tfc for
common- cold storage. 27%P30c; store, nom
inal; Eastern. 25-8~3tC for firsts, :1623c for
seconds and 2O«g21c for bakers'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1904.
Chicago Boarfi of Trade.
Exchange and Bullion. !
New York Exchange Is slightly higher. New j
York on Mexico Is also up.
- " LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4,87%
New York Exchange, eight — 06
New York Exchange, telegrapclo. — OS
Silver, per ounce — 58
Mexican Dollars . . . . i - — 48
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico...". .....H8 '
Berlin on London 20.4014
Parts on London ....... ...23.18*5
. Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Broomball cabled from Liverpool
that the crop of France is officially estimated
at 2S7.000.000 bushels, against 36S.000.COO last
year.
Chicago fluctuated within a range of l%e
and closed «ltghtly higher on the day. , It was
reported that of the ten or twelve million
bushels of Wheat bought in Oregon and Wash
ington by the Western millers not over 25 per
cent has been moved, owing to the shortage
in cars and that this inability to get the
Wheat out of the country is deterring buyers
from further operations at present, as nobody
-wants to buy stuff that he cannot get to mar-
The Chicago letter of E. F. Hutton * ; C*.
said : - ' "The underlying conditions were ¦ «a- .
changed. Primary receipt* were ¦. again large
COMMERCIAL FIANANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
50 Head of Choice Selected
Heavy Draft Horses
JUST ABSITED.
Weight frcm 1400 to 1750. from 5 to'9 year*
old. 1 can safely say they are tfie beat lot at
Draft Horses ever offered at public or private
¦ale In Saa Franciseo. We invite intending
purchasers to come and look this stock over,
aa they will bear a close inspection for
soundness, and they are suitable for truck
men, contractors, heavy delivery oi any kind,
and the Saa. Francisco Fire Department
should inspect this lot. as they are what they
want, and they must and will be sold to tae>
highest bidder. Sale takes place Monday. Oc-
tober 3. at 11 o'clock, at the International
Horse Market, corner Twelfth and Harrison
streets.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
ft» Cp, £»
AUCTION SALE
OP
50 Head of Wwk, Driving and
Saddle Horses,
Weighing from 10OO to 1700 pounds.
Consigned by C. L. Taylor. Batavla^ and oth»r*j
To b* sold
aZOZTOAT ETESI5O, OCTOBER 3. 1904
at 7:45 o'clock at salesyari.
1732 MARKET ST.. near Van Ness ave.. S. S%
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock lu»-
tlone»rs.
Horses at yard Saturday. October 1. 1804.
Send for catalogue.POPULAR COMEDIAN. WHO WILL,
OPEN AT THE COLUMBIA WITH
"THE OFFICE BOT."
WEATHER IS NOT WARM.— Most people
thought the weather was hot yesterday but
Forecaster Willson states . that the tempera
ture was only eighty-four degreea He fur
ther alleges that it la always warm at this
time of year and that the public need not
think that another hot wave is Just coming
la. Officially, we ' are ' cool. ;
Superior printing made our success. Order
from Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second street.*
The State Sempervirens Club will
nieet at S^n Jose Friday to discuss
plans for inducing: the counties of San
Mateo and Santa Cruz to build *a State
road from the summit of Castle Rock
bridge in Santa Clara County to the
California State Redwood Park, better
known as the Bigr Basin Park. This
would bring the Big Basin within sev
enteen and a half miles of Santa Clara
County. The plan is favored by many
influential citizens and public officials
of the State.
Sempervirens Club Wants Road.
"WHITE HAT" McCA^TYS
WAGER IS GARN1SHEED
Sheriff's Deputies Levy Two Attach
ments on Money Deposited by Him
With Colonel Kirkpatrick.
The Sheriff's deputies yesterday
levied two garnishments on $1000 be
longing to "White Hat" McCarty,
now in the hands of Colonel John C.
Fitzpatrick, manager of the Palace
Hotel. The money was held by Kirk
patrick as a wager made by McCarty
with an Eastern man that a certain
mare would make a mile in a desig
nated time. McCarty to
stand by his wager and brought suit
against Kirkpatrick for the return of
the money. The suit has not been
settled but the garnishments were
levied at the Instance of Milton Ber
nard in the sum of $230 and D. A.
Curtin, acting for W. W. Chase & Co.,
for $179 97 'for hay and grain fur
nished McCarty. Suits have also been
instituted against McCarty for the
amount of the claims and no matter
how the decision goes in his ¦suit
An entertainment and dance will be
given Friday evening, October 7, at
Scottish Hall under the auspices -of
the Gaelic Dancing Club. The pro
ceeds of the affair will be donated to
St. Anthony's fair, East Oakland, in
honor of the pastor. Rev. Peter C.
Yorke. The Gaelic Dancing Club will
give an exhibition of -Irish dancing.
Some excellent amateur talent has
been secured for the evening. fea r
ture of the fair will be twenty Irish
pipers, who will render popular se
lections.
Will Give an Entertainment.
The graduating . exercises ¦" of the
class of .1904 of the Training, School
for Nurses of the Children's Hospital
will take place to-day, at the. Nurses'
Home, 1612 Sacramento Btreef. Twen
ty-seven graduates will receive di
plomas from - the hands of the presi
dent of the board, Mrs. Willard B.
Harrington. This Is the last class that
will graduate j under ¦- the- two-year
course. The general medical and sur
gical course has now been changed to
cover three years. fc'Ji'u ¦-'¦ •
Xurses Will Receive ".- Diplomas.
Containing over 1700 In California and every
person and concern* In business In the State
arranged - alphabetically In their respective
towns; also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the • business roan and lawyer. Informa
tion found In a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Sults-Shu
man Company, 738 Mission* street, or phone
Red 6825, will bring agent with t book for ; in
spection. * ¦"'¦„- '..'¦'...•
Suits-Shnman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
The triduum, or. three .days' devo
tion, ' in honor of . the . jubilee of the
definition of the dogma of the immac
ulate conception,. which was to have
begun last night at the Church of St.
John the , Evangelist, will • not open
until October 5.; The change -of date
is owing to the remodeling of the in
terior of the church, under the direc
tion of Father Peter D. Brady. The
members of the gentlemen's confra
ternity, who were. to. receive holy com
munion next Sunday, .will- postpone
the ceremony until October 9.
Triduum Is Postponed.,
Bert Schlesinger and Peter A. Breen
filed a complaint yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court on behalf
of the Pine Hill Consolidated Mining
Company against Cerf Rosenthal. The
complaint alleges that Rosenthal ap
propriated to his own use $9410, which
had been entrusted to him by ¦ , the
plaintiff to use in developing and im
proving the Pine Hill group of mines
in Nevada County. .••'¦- ¦'• 5
Misappropriation Charged.
A man who says he is John Dunn,
whose body was reported unaccount
ably missing from the city undertak
er's burial plat, called at the Morgue
Tuesday and left a letter .addressed
to the Coroner. In it he said that he
was the man on account of the loss
of whose body Mrs. Kate Thompson
of 228 Nevada street threatened to sue
the city undertakers, Hagan & Kelly.
The note says that he (Dunn) has
been living at 912 Howard street un
der the name of John Hanson for sev
eral months; that his relatives had
never taken any interest in him when
alive, and that when he heard that his
supposed body was missing he waited
until his relatives had brought fcuit
against Hagan & Kelly before an
nouncing the fact that he is alive.
Inquiry in the neighborhood reveal
ed the fact that John Hanson lives at
912 Howard street. He went across
the bay Tuesday and bad not re
turned at a late hour last night
There is no record of a suit brought
against City Undertaker Hagan or
against the city for failure to furnish
the body.
Man Visits the Morgue and Makes
Statement That He Kept Still
to Spite Family.
SAYS HE IS DUNX WHOSE
ALLEGED BODY IS MISSING
A fine chance to visit the World's Fair or
the East is offered In the Volunteer Fire
men's excursion, which leaves San Francisco
over the lines of the Southern Pacific Tues
day, October 4. The party will go through St.
Louis to Boston, stopping at the World's Fair
four days on their return. It will be* a
thirty-three-day trip, with visits to all im
portant cities and entertainment at ' all stop
over points. The return will be made before
election day, November 8. Join this excursion
if you want an extra fine trip east. Round
trip to Boston, ?102 15. Ask about it to-day
at Southern Pacific office, 613 Market street. •
Excursion of Volunteer Firemen.
After having been a widower for
some years. Captain Pete Kirns of St.
Louis and Emilia R. de Cuspinera will
be united In matrimony at the Sacred
Heart Church at 6 o'clock to-night.
A wedding dinner will be served at a
downtown restaurant and after a brief
stay in this city air. and Mrs. Kirns
will go. to St." Louis, where they will
make their home. Captain Kirns was
for years master of a steamboat on the
Mississippi River and was also at one
time owner of a line of boats. He re
tired from business some time ago and
has since spent much time in travel.
The prospective bride is a native of
the City of Mexico. She has been a
widow for several years. Her husband,
who died shortly after their marriage,
was one of the most prominent mer
chants in the City of Mexico. The
couple will.be attended by Mrs. Mooser
and M. Mooser of this city.
Captain Kirns to Wed.
GRAVES DIES FROM INJURIES.— Edward
Graves, . the hostler who j last Sunday was
kicked on the face by a horse, died at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday. The body was
sent to the morgue.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28. — Hotel ar
rivals: Raleigh— Miss E. V. Allen, Miss
W. A. Harris, Los Angeles; Mr. and
Mrs. C. C. Gardner, H. G. Poheim, San
Francisco. New Willard — W. P.
Lomas and wife, Mrs. May Thomas,
Ukiah; Mrs. A. J. Jones Miss E. Woer
rser; San Francisco; Mary McCown,
Elizabeth Spinner, W. R. Hervey, Car
rie Hervey, Mrs. Browning Blake, Lbs
Angeles. . • .
Californians in Washington.
The Christian Endeavor Veterans'
Association of Golden Ga'te Union
will hold at: open meeting at 8 o'clock
this evening at the West Side Chris
tian Churct.. The theme to be dis
cu5sed will be "The California En
deavorers' Christian Hospital, Its
Aims. Purposes and Possibilities." All
members and friends of the associa
tion are cordially invited to attend.
Endeavor Veterans Meet To-XIffhf.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
oo, ant', is the most beautiful Jewelry
store ih the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine, •
To Visit San Francisco
Merchants, retail dealers and others
whose business calls for the distribu
tion of catalogues, circulars and mer
chandise through the mail will be saved
much unnecessary labor and expense
by a new regulation of the Postoffice
Department which has just gone into
effect.
Under the old system when a busi
ness man desired . to send catalogues
through the mails he was obliged to
purchase specially canceled stamps
from the p stoffice. Under the new or
der, which applies only to "identical
packages" of third and fourth class
matter of a number not less than 2000,
the business man sends the catalogues
or other packages to the postofflce and
pays cash for the postage, thus saving
the time. and expense wasted. In placing
a one or two cent stamp on each pack
age. The articles thus go through the
mails unstamped. .
The first applicant in this city to
avail himself of the new order was
Registrar George P. Adams,, who is
sending 75,000 sample ballots through
the malls. All the time required here
tofore to affix a stamp to each of the
75,000 envelopes and the expense of so
doing will be saved the city.
The new order applies to all classes
of mail matter excepting sealed letters
and periodicals.
Postoffice Department Al
lows Cash Payments to
take the Place of Stamps
Judge Kerrigan yesterday heard
and took under advisement the suit of
Kate Hanlon against the London.
Paris and American Bank, wherein
she seeks to force payment on a cer
tificate of deposit for $700. The cer
tificate was given to her by Harrison
Kiethly, a man who came here from
the country and died last January at
the Brunswick lodging-house. Physi
cians and others testified that the
man died of alcoholic dementia, while
several of the dead man's friends in
sisted that he was of sound mind
when he transferred the certificate.
The Public Administrator is fighting
Kate Hanlon's claim.
Kiethly Gave Money Away.
Besides other honors Father Mallon
won the Justin gold medal for Chris
tian doctrine in 1898. He is a brother
of the Rev. Brother Valleslan, presi
dent of St. Mary's College, Oakland,
and of Brother Gregory of Sacred Heart
College, San Francisco.
Father Welsh and Father Mallon
will, it is thought, be assigned to Chi
cago.
The Rev. Oliver Welsh and the Rev.
Edward T. Mallon, native sons of San
Francisco and graduates of St. Mary's
College, Oakland, class of 1889, arrived
In San Francisco from the East last
night and are to be guests at St. Mary's
(Paulist) rectory for some weeks. The
Rev. Father Welsh will sing his first
mass at St. Mary's on Sunday, October
2, at 11 o'clock, when the Rev. Henry
I. Stark and the Rev. William Sullivan,
former classmates, will assist him as
assistant priest and deacon. .
The Rev. Father Mallon wiii sing his
first mass at St. Mary's on Sunday,
October 9.
After taking their degrees in arts at
St. Mary's College, Father Welsh and
Father Mallon were admitted to the
Catholic University of America, where
they took higher courses in philosophy
and theology-. The young priests were
recently ordained in New York and
are members of the. Paulist community.
SAVE DOLLARS
BY NEW ORDER
The Paralso Springs are always open. *
It is *.s "The Office Boy" that Daniels
will make his bow to a San Francisco
audience next week, and there is every
reason to believe that' local theater
goers will receive a treat..
Daniels first came into prominence
by his impersonation of Old Sport in
Hoyt's "A Rag Baby," and became a
leading member of Hoyfs companies.
He next appeared on his own account
in "Little Puck," a dramatization of
Anstey's "Vice-Versa." Mr. Daniels
then became leading comedian in Wil
lard Spencer's "Princess Bonnie." He
was so successful that the next season
he made his debut as a star in "The
Wizard of the Nile." .'This was fol
lowed successively by an "Idol's Eye,"
"The Ameer" and "Miss Simplicity," in
all of which he achieved great popu
larity.
This season Mr. Daniels has as man
ager Charles B. Dillingham, formerly
manager for Julia Marlowe, who has
secured for his star a first-class comic
opera in "The Office Boy."
At the Colombia, next Monday night,
Frank Daniels will appear in the mu
sical comedy entitled "The Office Boy."
This will be the first, opportunity for
Columbia audiences to enjoy a play in
which Daniels appeared all last year in
the East, and which may be said to be
the crowning triumph of his theatrical
career.
against Kirkpatrick the money, ¦will be
held in escrow until the suits brought
by Bernard and Curtin are settled.
Fathers Welsh and Mallon
Will Officiate at
St. Mary's.
W. O. Van Schuyver, one of the lead
ing wholesale liquor merchants of Port
land, Oregon, is at the St. Francis.
J. B. Alexander and Captain Charles
T. Hinde, • prominent merchants in
Southern California, are at the St.
Francis.
A. A. Barber, E. H. Foote and E. A.
Wallace, prominent furniture manufac
turers from Grand Rapids, are at the
St. Francis.
Abe Marks, a merchant of Ukiah, is
at the Palace.
Eben and F. L. Smith of Los Angeles
are at the Palace.
~. H. Malloch; prominent in electrical
circles at Marysville, is at the Grand.
A party of thirty- two Raymond &
Whitcomb excursionists are at the Pal
ace.
W. A. Gordon, a prominent grain
merchant of Portland, Oregon, is at the
St. Francis. •
PERSONAL.
J. O. Hayes of San Jose is at the Pal
ace.
E. H. Gerber of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
L. H. Chalmers of Phoenix, Ariz., is
at the Palace.
Versatile Comedian to Appear
in Title Role of "The
Office Boy."
TWO BRILLIANT TOfNO PRIESTS
WHO WILL SING THEIR FIRST
MASS AT ST MARY'S (PAUL.IST).
Eastern and other visitors to San Fran
cisco will have a capital chance to see som»
of the most famous places in California on
Sunday, October 2. when the Southern Pacific
will run a popular excursion to Monterey.
The excursion will allow of visits to Hotel
Del Monte. Pacific Grove, Presidio, etc., or
visitors may enjoy themselves bathing, fishing
or boating in glass-bottomed boats. Excur
sion train will leave Third and Townsend
streets depot at 7:30 a. m. ; returning, leave
Monterey 4:15 p. m. Ask about it to-day at
613 Market st. •
Excursion to Monterrey.
The!weak point in th'e.woraan's story
is that she. turned over the money to
Venzimr in Mexican dollars. ' The
weight of the coin would be a load for
a strong dray horse. .Venzina will be
held pending investigation of the case.
The' 1 woman maintains that she
turned her money over' to him on Oc
tober 10, 1903, shortly after her arrival
from Mexico.
When he obtained possession of the
coin, Venzina disappeared, so the
woman claims. The money also disap
peared with him, and Senorita Silva
was broken-hearted.
"Dear me," she moaned, "after all his
promises! He said that he would
marry me when his wife died. He
went away with my pesos and the wife
who should have died grows fat.",
Venzina was arrested while in a bar
ber's chair in the Grand Hotel. He
has only recently returned from Ari
zona, where, it is alleged, he has
been soandering the 7000 pesos belong
ing, to Senorita Silva. He was placed
in the tanks at the City Prison, and his
name entered on the detinue book.
Venzina de Venzina, a Mexican, was
arrested by Detectives O'Dea and Mul
cahey last night. On October 10, 1903,
although he had a wife living, he pronr
ised to marry a woman named Rafaela
Sllva, according to the statements of
the latter. The woman claims that
she turned over to him at that time
$7000 in Mexican dollars.
The immigrants for whom better ac
commodations are needed are princi
pally the Chinese and improvement is
the more urgent because of the long
time they must frequently be held
pending examination under the exclu
sion law. In sdme cases several months
elapse before a' decision is rendered
as to the claims to entry and during
this time the petitioner must remain
in the quarters that have been con
structed at the Pacific Mail dock un
der the rafters. The place is frequent
ly overcrowded and, while every pre
caution is taken for health and the best
care given that is possible, the condi
tions are not what they should be and
legislation for the erection of a com
modious building and provision for'ac
commodations such as obtain on Ellis
Island in New York is expected from
Congress.
Often Commissioner North has been
compelled to seek the aid of the Chris
tian missions in Chinatown for the care
of the women immigrants. While there
is a separate department for them in
the shed at the dbck it is not a desir
able place for detention for any length
of time.
BETTER QUARTERS NEEDED.
Others accompanying the Secretary
on his trip to the dock and to Angel
Island were Collector of the Port F. S.
Stratton, Deputy Collector W. B. Ham
ilton, Major Devoll, J. A. Folger,
Thomas Rickard, 'R. P. Schwerin, H.
H. Schell and Walter J. Matthews. The
party was conveyed in the tug Golden
Gate and almost the entire day was
consumed in the important work of the
Secretary.
Matthews is an Architect of Oakland
and his advice was sought by Secretary
Metcalf as to the most favorable site
for the immigrant station on Angel Is
land. The architect will assist in mak
ing estimates of the cost of building
the quarters. Th£ report is to be ready
in time for presentation at the coming
session of Congress.
When Secretary Metcalf saw the
papers in the case he ordered them
landed forthwith. The proceeding took
place in the presence of the entire
party and while not a word of com
ment was spoken the situation was
painful to North until attention was
diverted to Other matters.
Incidentally, during his visit to the
detention shed at the Pacific Mail dock,
where 130 Chinese are confined, the
Secretary gave . a severe rebuke' to
Commissioner of Immigration Hart H.
North, who was one of the party ac
companying him. Metcalf found among
the imprisoned, crowd Fong Kao and
Yen Fook Yeong with regular certifi
cates, as required by section 6, certify
ing that they were merchants on the
way to the St. Louis fair. Fong had
sold his business in Canton for $3800
and North and his assistant, Charles
Mehan, had denied him landing be
cause they held he could no longer be
regarded as a merchant. Yen had also
sold out and was denied entry.
i STERN REBUIvC FOR NORTH.
Victor H. Metcalf, Secretary of Com
merce and Labor, made investigation
of the need of an immigrant statio-n
for this port and inspected a proposed
site for' the building on. Angel Island
yesterday. The Cabinet representative
was acting in accordance with a resolu
tion passed by Congress at. its last ses
sion directing him to ascertain what is
required for a station in San Francisco
and how much it will cost.
The accommodations for caring for
immigrants on their arrival pending
examination and for those who are
detained longer are very meager, crude
"detention sheds" being the most the
port can boast of, and Congress wished
to gain some information as to the con
ditions with a view to making an ap
propriation for providing proper quar
ters.
This decision given by the Supreme j
Court also held that such money, af- j
ter being awarded to the State as a i
result of the s=uit, was still subject to j
the right of resident citizen heirs to i
claim the money before the expiration j
of twenty years from the time it es
cheated to the State. There is some i
division of legal opinion as to the j
rights of foreign heirs. Some lawyers j
maintain that they are limited to five I
years in which to file claims upon es- ;
cheated estates; others say the for- •
eign heirs are allowed the full twenty ;
years under the decision.
Another feature of the escheat fund i
case is the fact that a few years ago
the Stiite. by special act of the Legis- :
lature. borrowed $80,000 from the es- i
cheat fujad to apply to the school I
fund. This money has never been re- I
turned and the State has probably •
used the money. No difficulty is ex- i
pected. however, as it is not likely j
that many of the heirs to the escheat
ed estates will ever demand their in
heritance. ;
By a ruling of the Supreme Court .
it was decided that no money had es- (
cheated to the State through the de
cisions of the Probate Courts and that
the State would . iiave to sue the j
Treasurer to obtain^ possession of the ,
money. This ruling was made by the j
Supreme Court in the case of James ¦
Minor vs. the State. The case, con- j
ducted by John T. Houx. consur-.ed j
three years in reaching a decision and
decided a legal question that had j
never before been considered. This
was that the mere declaration by the ,
Probate Court that there are no heirs
to an estate did not constitute a judg- i
ment of escheat to the State and that ¦
such judgment must be obtained on }
behalf of the estate by the Attorney j
General. • !
Etate Attorney General U. S. Webb
has recently appointed C. H. Garoute.
has recently appointed C. H. Garoutte,
>'. Goodwin of the law firm of Ga
routte & Goodwin and Robert D. Duke
counsel fov th£ State to bring suits in
othe Superior Courts against the State
Treasurer for the purpose of obtain
ing money known as the escheat fund,
now m the custody of the Comptrol
ler.
The attorneys will start to work at
once, as there is a great deal to be
done to clear the State"s books. Sep
arate suits for each amount must be
brought. There are nearly 2000 es
tates whose money lies in the State
treasury and the amounts range from
40 cents uu to $2000.
Since the admission of California
into the Union there has been accu
mulating in the State treasury an
amount of money approximated at
$200,000. This money is made up of
sums that have escheated to the State
owing to the failure of heirs to claim
their due and has been paid into the
treasury by order of the Probate
courts in the different counties of the
State.
Orders Landing of Chinese
That Had Been . Detained
by Commissioner North
A t torney General Designates
° 'Men- Who Are to Serve as
o Commonwealth's Counsel
Promises to Marry Victim if
His Better Half Expires,
but Spouse Waxes Stout
INSPECTS SHED AT DOCK
TWO THOUSAND CASES
WIFE FAILS TO DIE
State Directs Lawyers to Sue
Treasurer to Obtain Money
From Escheated Estates
He Will Report to Congress
Whether It Will Make
Good Immigrant Station
Eafaela Silva Accuses V.
De Venzina of Bobbing
Her of a Small Fortune
MAY RECOVER
LARGE AMOUNT
SILVER PESOS
HIS WEAKNESS
METCALF VISITS
ANGEL ISLAND
- ..."-¦• ¦ . ¦ ¦ ,i ¦¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 190J.
FRANK DANIELS
WILL COME TO
THE COLUMBIA
YOUNG PRIESTS
TO SING FIRST
MASS IN CITY
14
HALS'S. I HAL3ETS.
l,et Us Cut and Fit Your New
Dress Coat or Waist Free
'Miller & Miller, "two "of the -most expert garment cutters
and fitters in the United States, are with us this week, with all
the new style ideas. Whether you want a plain little house
jacket, or an elaborate ball gown, they are capable of cutting and
fitting it in the very best possible way.
Materials costing 25c yard to 75c yard they will cut and pin
free.
Materials costing 75c yard or more they will cut, pin and fit
free. /
Don't confuse this free cutting: and fitting: with our free skirt mak-.ng.
We are still making; plain skirts free if you buy the material.
No wonder we have been busy this week. Dozens of women have ap-
preciated the saving: of dressmakers' bills. Dozens more will to-day.
Every One Should See the Wonderful
Statue Turn to Life at Hale's
GALATEA, the wonderful marble statue, turns into a beau-
tiful living woman, then back into a statue again, and finally into a
beautiful bouquet of roses. See it on the fourth floor. Xo
charges for admission.
jVrjTFJ On account of the hundreds more who come to see it in th» after-
i-*v7 ' *—* noon, we ask you who can to come in the morning:. But be sure
to come either in the morning: or In the afternoon. Morning exhibitions
start at\10 o'clock, afternoon at 2 o'clock.
50 Pieces to This More Matting Ends
Cottage Set, $4.85 This Time 3^c, 7^c
W^M^M i8x36 ' the
in ?h« S s UC c h ot?a Stir -t T i hirdflO °h r -f . 7 The% S r emn 3 ants 36 of the ver, best
persons It*f In "iiJht *£%& lli S Japanese Matting that have been used
£^n2P a <'., } i ?« / weight semi- as samples by drummers. We were
traced 'S 4 ?!V ltll ?t-= eC o 0r tii?,if nd «f r nn luck 'y *° « et them - You wU1 be luc^
V o,?,p * 4 - 80 - ItB a * re ? ular » 700 to get them, especially now. just be-
XI ™ fore the wet weather. They'll pro-
6 dinner Mates. AOC. tect the carpet and more than save
t > *t w ,V their cost in no time. See them, sec-
6 CUpS and saucers, AOC. ond noor « to-day. 3 l-3c and 7 Vac.
The dinner plates are in white
semi-porcelain, with fancy bead-
'Vei^WTaS. s C a O u 8 cers 0 a°re dO ,n Side COITlbS, 1 5C Pair
f 6 a fo C r y 4 S o h c ape to match the platM - • finches long: shell or amber.
1 ? *fo 4 oa^KSoo 8 -pi 1 e C E They're well polished, with good
set of Carlsbad China, decorated strong teeth. Other shell goods
with pink festoons and flowers. extras to-day:
i~«__« ~cF~~7 4. a Puff Combs. 25c; adjustable; can be
Unair oeatS at 4C worn on either side; light and cool;
•rr ., „, -m /- j ,» _»v shell or amber.
YOU Will find them down- Emp ire Combs. 25c: SH in. long; per-
c//tiVc f*«t fitting teeth, broad quill, shell
Sla ' rs - only.
They're 12 and 14 inches, in 3 Pompadour Combs. 10c; full 10-inch
shapes, perforated wooden chair 1 one^- , ln l he11 °° Iy -
«;Mt« A1nn«r with Bone Hair Pins. 10c doz.; 3 in., waved
t I .« g . .. or straight, in shell and amber.
Hardwood Boards at 12c. for slicing
meat and bread. The handiest ¦¦ «»
kind of a thing in a kitchen, round /*Jr
Telescope Baskets. 34c; 10x14 Inches, -&B
including shawl straps. fc "^—.T_ , _
Hat and Coat Racks. 10c: hardwood __¦ . _. .
frame, with 3 heavy hooks. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. P.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ioArrrco'cl CURE S^CK HEADACHE.
UAKIcKd .
ESrrTiE Genuine Must Sear
m IVER Fas-Simile Signature
| P1U.S. ~^~~ +
FREE FREE — —FREE
TOBOGGAN — '.
MAPLE — — — —
— — SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCKTON ST.. Wear Market.
Telephone Mala 5523.
Our trade increases week after week.
Why? Because our goods are a» repre-
sented — Good goods, low prices.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square.. 37 *£c
Good, aweet aad cleaa
FAXCT RANCH E66S, per dozes . . . 42*/ 2 c
Strictly fresh
MiNHESOTA EGGS, per dozen. . . .27*4c
A snap for these high price egs days.
COFFEE, Our Ideal Blend No. 1. per Ib. 20c
Regular 23c. Don't let the low price
deceive you. It's good coSee.
FAMILY MIXED TEA. per Ib 35c
Regular 50c.
This Is the correct blend for tea lovers.
TABLE RAISINS, per Ib 10c
New- crop first arrival.
CAPE COO CRANBERRIES, per qi. .1254c
First shipment quantity limited.
CIDER YINEGAR. . . .per boi 10c, gal 3Qc
Regular 15c-40c. Purity guaranteed.
Don't nse acid Vinegar.
YAH CAMP'S CONCENTRATED SOUPS or
PORK AND BEANS, 3 cans for.... 25c
Full assortment, Regular 10c can.
HEiNZ'S SWEET PICKLES, per quart .. 25c
One of the 57 Varieties. Regular 30c.
0 K BOURBON. FINE OLD RYE
per bot 75c. gal S3.00
Regular S1.0O-S4.00.
Pleasing to the most fastidious.
GILKA KIMMEL, per boi SI. 10
Regular S1.23.
The great German cordial.
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, per boi 60c
Regular 85c. Fine for medicinal use.
WHITE WINE, per gallon 40c
Reg. 50c. An excellent light beverage.
Pj|j| Rl si £j qB| Bi |>5»j
Mellin's Food is endorsed by the phy-
sicians. Hundreds of doctors axe
using Mellin's Food in there own fam-
ilies for their own children. If Msl-
lin's Food is good for the doctor's baby
it ought to be good for your baby.
Let us know if you would like to try
. Mellin's Food and we will send you a
sample bottle free of charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
Never cold in balk.
. A. Folger €1 Co.
Established Half a Cwnttiry
San Francisco
Nothing does with GOLDEN GATE
CpFFEE bat satisfaction. No
prties — BO coupons — no crockery.
1 «od 2 Ib. erotno-tiiht (la..
"Ah, Mr. Golden Gate,
s£lad to see yon. Walk
right in," said Mr. Wise.
"I dor't mind telling
you that my best cus-
tomers won't drink any-
thing but Golden Gate
Coffee.
"And — now don't give
this away — good coffee
brings new, and holds
old, trade.
"Yes, you can make
regular 30 day ship-
ments so as to keep the
coffee fresh. Good plan
this packing roasted
coffee in aroma-tight
tins.";
AWISE-GROCERl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ©••••©^•••••©©©•©••••©••©©©••©••••••••••••*
• v L^l**^. • "»^ ¦¦'"¦¦• ®
j SPECIAL j
1 INDUCEMENTS j
I [CUT-RATE PRICES. I j
• - -Handsome -TOURIST ! SUITS, made of excellent quality o
\ 5 • Scotch: mixture, neatly trimmed, full value $20.00, -^ ?2
• Cut* Rate $15.00. g
• NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, made of reliable Broadcloth 9
S or Venetian, handsomely trimmed, shades of black, navy J
• ' and brown. ' Real • value $30.00. • •
• § Cut, Rate $22.50. 8
• COVERT COATS, the very newest style, the •
5 . ¦ most fetching garment this season. $22.00 and $25.00 9
• •,. "'values."'',.'" : 'V;1>£ 2
• *?«* Rate $ 1 7^50 and $20.00. :
| SKIRT BARGAINS. |
S $5.00 BLACK, NAVY and GRAY EXTRA GOOD QUAL- g
• ITY WALKING SKIRTS, ;::"v - . •
• Cut> Rate $3.50. |
2 ; 1230-I232-I234 : MARKET STREET. J