PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDA^ SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 122.
STATESMAN DIES
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts
Passes Away at His Home
/COINCIDENT with the
V-' arrest of H. L. Eca da
Silva and Lee Toy, charged
with importing women into
this country for immoral
purposes, comes the revela
tion that Da Silva was en
gaged to be married to two
young women. To one of
these, Miss Agnita Burbank,
a stenographer employed in
the Chinese Bureau, he con
fided some of his plans. In
turn Miss Burbank kept him
posted regarding develop
ments on this end. The cor
respondence is in the Jiands
of the Federal officials. Da
Silva was released yesterday
afternoon on $5000 bonds,
furnished by a surety com
pany.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 29.— All of the
town of Camargo^ Mexico, which had
a population of about 50,00 people/has
been washed away by a flood in the
Sjan Juan River. This Information was j
brought here to-day by F.F. Seabury*
of Rio Grande City, Tex., Democratic
candidate for Speaker of the House of
Representatives of the Texas Legisla
ture." \ ' i
Camargo is situated about six miles
from Rio Grande I City. ~ So far as
known no lives werejlbst. The home
less people are camped on the hills
near the destroyed town. ,
¦ An appeal for assistance for them
has been made to the Mexican authori
ties. There were a of mer
cantile establishments carrying large
stocks of goods at Camargo and these
were swept away, i^'/
EL. PASO, Tex., Sept. 29. — Heavy
rains in the past twenty- four hours
have caused serious); damage to rail
roads in Western Texas, New Mexico
and Northern Mexico. .'Several wash
outs are reported, onHhe Santa Fe in
New Mexico, the most serious atrEngle
and at Las Cruces. ';. .• - .'•
v The special' of- the? delegates to "the
International-ConKr/e^pf Geographer^
is water-bound near .Las Ctuces, '^iS&t-f
"The Sierra Madre road in Mexicoiis
washed out in several places and the
bridge at Kilometer is weakening and .
is expected to go during the night.
More than an inch of rain fell here, a
great rarity, for this time of .the year.
The Rio Grande is on a big rise. All
trains will be delayed from twenty to
thirty hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Five Thousand Homeless People Are
Camped on Hili ; Anxiously Wait
ing for Assistance.
Town of Gpiargo Is
\ Swept Away %
San Juan Ri^er Breaks Its
Bounds and Causes Im
mense Damage.
WILD RUSH
OF WATERS
IN MEXICO
LETTERS TELL OF LOVE
AND PLANS TO DEFRAUD
MISS AGNTTA Bl'RBAMC 1 PRETTY STENOGRAPHER O^ CHINESE BUREAU,
WHO DISCOVERED THAT H. U ECA DA SILVA DID NOT LAVISH ALL
HIS ATTENTIONS ON HER AXD WHO RECEIVED LETTERS. FROit HIM.
The Grand Jury also heard testi
mony of James W. Coffroth and the
election officers as to the frauds in
Precinct 103. The officers were C. W.
Jamison. J. W. Roach, Mark Cohen.
W. E. Gibbons, J. H. Sinclair and J. W.
Smallwood. William F. Humphrey,
who was a worker at the polls, was
also called. No important incriminat
ing evidence developed, no one being
able to tell who was guilty of the
illegal voting. Coffroth denied all
knowledge of it.
The Grand Jury struck its first blow
yesterday at the frauds committed so
boldly at the recent primary election.
The various committees which have
been at work the last week examining
rosters reported that evidence of crime
had been unearthed to an appalling ex
tent and the mood of the jurors was
such that when a case was made out
indictment was prompt.
The bill will be returned this morn
ing, charging Adolph Steffens, also
known as Otto Steffens, with voting
the name of another elector in Pre
cinct 73 of the Thirty-ninth Assembly
•District. The accusation- is based
principally on the testimony of Fair
fax H. Wheelan, who testified before
the Grand Jury yesterday that he wit
nessed the illegal voting by Steffena.
Wheelan saw the accused forge the
name of the citizen on the roster and
also the procedure of casting the
illegal vote. The witness noted the
time to be 4:45 o'clock.
The man -whose name was voted was
not near the polls that day and he will
so testify. On the roster one of his
initials is wrong and the number of his
residence was also given erroneously.
According to the testimony of Wheelan.
Steffens, tried, to carry .the namq and
residence in his mind,* not-being a.«i bold
as others, who took the register with
them to the roster.
Steffens is an intimate friend of
Charles Wyman, whose preliminary
examination on a similar charge, pre
ferred by Wheelan in the Police Court,
will be resumed this afternoon before
Judge Cabaniss. Steffens has accom
panied Public Works Commissioner
Maestretti to court when the case of
Wyman was being heard. He was for
merly employed in the Fire Depart
ment, but now has a position in the
City Hall. His age is about 23 years.
The indictment will be returned be
fore Judge Lawlor this morning at
9: SO o'clock.
Fairfax H. Wheelan Testifies That Ha
Witnessed Forgery on Roster
and Casting of Ballot.
Grand Jury's First Bill Is
Against Associate ol
Charles Wyman.-
Adolph Steflens Is
' Under Ban lor
"Stuffin."
INDICTED
FOR FRAUD
AT POLLS
Continued on Face ' 2, Column 4.
WALMER CASTLE, Kent, Sept. 29.
A bulletin issned at -Walmer Castle'
this evening announced that Lady, Cur
zon's strength- had -been • welly main
tained.
Still Fighting for Life.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR MAIL
SERVICE TO MANCHURIA
WASHINGTON. Sept. 29. — General
Superintendent Jan\es E. White of the
Postoflice Department, has issued the
following order: . Hereafter and until
further orders/mails addressed for de
livery at Newchwang, Manchuria, "Will
be forwarded < to * San Francisco, Seat
tle or TacomaViWashington, * to be In
cluded in mails made up at either of
those points, for the United States pos
tal agency at Shanehai.. China.
in Custody at Sari
Mateo Makes a Confession
That Is Startling if True
It is expected that other important
disclosures will be made by Hall soon.
Yesterday he told where the booty
.Worn the Menlo Park robbery was hid
den and to-day Deputy Sheriff Bart
lctt and Under Sheriff ? Butts proceeded
to the place and found a lot of clothing
besides a miscellaneous assortment of
other articles. They were carefully hid
den away among the bushes in a creek
bed. The owners of sonre of the, prop
erty were found and the goods restored
to them.'
SAN MATEO, Sept. 29.— James Hall,
alias Charles iiollowell, alias Charley
Meyer, who was arrested here last
wetk while robbing a meat market, has
confessed to a series of burglaries.
During the past four munths'Hall says
bu has robbed the Southern Pacific
R&ilroad stations at Haywards. San
Leandro. South San Francisco and
Menlo Park, the Suisun Implement
CompjLny.at Suisun and a jewelry store
at Haywards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— W. S. Champ,
secretary to William Zeigler of New
York, and who was .In charge of the
expedition sent to search for the
Arctic exploration steamer America,
will sail for New York to-morrow on
board the White Star liner Cedric. On
his arrival in the United States he will
report to Zeigler the details of the two
attempts of the Frithjof * to reach
Franzjos~efJarid l for the relief of the
America.
Champ stated to the press that the
next relief expedition will leave on
June 1, , 1905.
W. S. Champ Announces Vessel Will
Be Sent for Steamer America
Next June.
ABILENE, Kan., Sept. 2D.— Georgp
W. Jones, a negro soldier of the Ninth
Cavalry, has been arrested north of
town by a detachment of the Eleventh
Cavalry of Fort Riley. He and a com
panion. are charged with the murder
of a soldier in Manila. They were
brought to San Francisco three week3
ago and escaped by overpowering their
guards. Jones* confederate was cap
tured yesterday. He confessed to the
crime and told the officers that Jones
was in Abilene.
Sergeant Major Kelley of the Ninth
Cavalry was sent here last night to get
his man. While waiting on the streets
this morning, Kelley saw Jones and
tried to take him. Jones ran and hid
In a. corn field north of town. Kelley
knew he was armed and came to town
and/telephoned to the fort. A detach
ment of cavalry was sent out and cap
tured th£ accused roan after a fight, in
which the negro was severely wounded.
He was taken to the fort this after
noon^HHBBBi MMHMlKlild
George Jones, Who .Was Bronsht
From Manila on 3Iurder Charge,
; . Retaken.
ACCUSED NEGRO CAPTURED
' BY CAVALRY DETACH3IENT
ANOTHER RELIEF EXPEDITION
TO BE SENT TO THE ARCTIC
THIEF ADMITS
MANY CRIMES
Dr. G. Lloyd Magruder was with
Payne _ at._ midnight, - after ;. having
called twice -during the day. The!
thought^ it best- to send for the^ pa-;
tieht's relatives to-night. Dr." Magru
der, said to-night: ... ; : ¦ . r •
: "Postmaster. General Payne lhas' not'
been feeling well for several days." Re
cently'decided,'symptoms heart'
trouble; have' developed. These were
very serious during, last ' night r / arid
early to-day. He is responding to the
remedies ~ employed and 4s resting
more " easily to-night." :
: "At 2 . o'clock ? this (Friday) , morning
there had'beenno untowered; develop
ments > and - it was ; expected I that r the
Postmaster Z General V would spend . a
fairly comfortable' night.;^'.N, - '
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2 9.—Post
master General Payne is critically ill
of "heart disease to-night in his apart
ments in the -Arlington Hotel;. He
was renting comfortably . at midnight,
but his friends fear his illness may be
fatal •n*- account of the great weak
ness of his system. : ;
.President and Mrs. Roosevelt called
to-night to inquire after Payne's con
dition. - If was not thought best for
them to: see him and they left after
.being assured that for the time being
he was* resting easily. Secretary of
the -Treasury- Shaw was- also a caller
late to-night, but was not admitted to
his room.': j- : ¦ . . .J' •
Recover.
Suffering From Heart Disease and His
Friends Fear He Will Not ; &[¦
POSTMASTER GENERAL PAYNE
IN A CRITICAL CONDITION
. i His earlier education was carefully
attended .to and- when of .protter age
he entered. Concord Academy and, fin
ishing the ; course there, entered Har
.vard; College, from which he was
graduated in 1 8 4 6. He then . entered
the Dane Law School of the same in
stitution . and, duly completing the
course, was admitted to the bar.
. He settled at Worcester. Mass., for
the practice ¦ of his profession and
soon began to '.'take hold" in munici
pal affairs; was : made , City Solicitor,
which office he' held for a number of
years, and, later was president of , the
board, of; trustees , of the city library,
though;' then'; quite - a ' young man.
' *" In *1851 v he -entered -the legislative
fleld.'betag elected to, the lower house
of 4he Legislature,* and in 1856 to the
George -Friable Hoar, late senior
Senator from Massachusetts, was born
August ,29, 1826, at 'Concord, Mass.
Of the ' seventy-eight years of, his life
the half was spent in the legislative
halls of his own State and those of
the. national, legislative bodies, and
during all which service he was an
active and forceful factor 'In making
right arid righting wrong as his lively
conscience compelled and his intelli
gent mind discerned.
He came of good old New England
pre-revolutionary ancestors. He said
in ; his autobiography, published not
long since: "My grandfather, two
great-grandfathers • and - three of my
father's uncles were at Concord bridge
in the Lincoln' company, of whlch'my
grandfather,- Samuel . Hoar, whom I
well remember, was lieutenant, on the
19th of April, 1775."
lative Halls.
Fully Half of His Idfe Spent In Legis-
NOTED AS rAMWMAKER.
RENO. Nev., Sept- 24. — The engine
of the eastbound passenger train be
came stranded on the Sierra Nevada
Mountains just west of the summit this
morning and it was four hours before
another engine arrived from Blue Can
yon and pulled It Into Reno.
The unusual delay was due to the
fact that the engine, one of the new
model oil burners recently placed on
the road, ran out of fuel. The heavy
grade and long train was the cause
of this and the accident probably will
result in the company making addi
tional arrangements for carrying a
larger supply of oil.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 29.— Eddie Turner,
a 14-year-old boy, now In the County
Jail, confessed' -to-day "to -'being' the
leader of a gang of boys who ,,have
been "rolling drunks.", Since' February
1 last they have robbed • fourteen, men.
"Turner was arrested- a' few;; days ago
at Morgan Hill- for stealing \ a,, wheel
from J. W. Liebert. ( He declares that
a regular boys' club' exists, of which
he is the headr The* "club" has its
headquarters in a cave on' the bank of
Coyote Creek. ' ¦ ¦¦• .-Ot-v-
Turner implicated Willie. Donovan
and Emll Liebenthal. , Donovan dented
the accusation, but: the Liebenthal boy
admitted that he had taken part in
three "rollings.*.*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 29.— Alonzo
J. Whiteman, who was arrested in St.
Louis on September 25 on a charge of
forgery and was being brought to this
city by detectives, escaped from the
fast mail some distance east of here.
The conductor, it is r\imored, refused
to stop the train until it reached a
suburb of this city. The detective who
-had VThiteman in charge went back to
rearch for the escaped prisoner.
Steep Grades of Sierras Too
Much for Oil-Burning En
gines of Southern Pacific
Noted Forger Makes
Escape From a ¦.,
• Detective.
CANNOT CARRY
ENOUGH FUEL
Youth Confesses Band
. "Rolled Drunks"
: for Living.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 29.— Naked as
they were on the day of their birth
and with only the shade of a few
bushes to protect them from the desert
sun by day and with only a covering
of sand by night, Gordon Parker and
Harley Redman, whose.; homes are In
Colton, passed a day and a night near
the banks'of ¦ the Colorado River above
Yuma Tuesday.,,
With Ward Coe they were en route
from Imperial to Arizona. On reaching
the river Parker and Redman stripped
and tried to find a safe rord, Coe driv
ing their wagon and mule behind them
through the water. Suddenly- the
wagon struck j a bed j of quicksand and
Coe barely had time to cut the traces
before the wagon with their entire out
fit disappeared. The three -reached
shore safely, but the two naked boys
had to wait until Coe. drove the mules
45 miles and : back before they could
get any clothing. The trip consumed
a day and a night. *
The boys returned to their homes
to-day. ; -,ff : .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sliiver for a Mglit and a Day
While Companion Bides a
Long Distance for Clothes
Previous to the 17th reports of his
illness were treated, lightly by his fam
ily and immediate friends. On one oc
casion, when a report was circulated
that his condition was serious he dic
tated a semi-humorous account of his
illness and, requested that it be sent
to the 1 press. He attributed his illness
to "Washington malaria" and to the
attack of lumbago. He grew weaker,
however, and on the morning of August
17 had a coughing spell, caused by the
weak action . of the heart. His condi
tion seriously alarmed his 'physician
and hfs family. "."
On. September L 2S it * was "announced
by his. son- that-he^was failing rapidly
: and. he ..lapsed atrtimes Into , uncon
sciousness., .From »that time until his
death he was' unable to take nourish
ment,-buf his constitution enabled hi';,
to 'resist death for such a length J'
time. that even his physician' was sur
prised. . . -.. .'.u,.;. . ; . ... . i'jxz*
ington by the Daughters of the Revo
lution. This "was the Senator's last
appearance in public. During the lat
ter part of July and up to August 17
he remained in his home and" much of
the time stayed in bed. He received
visitors daily and dictated many let
ters to his secretary.
; ..REMARKABLE VITALITY.
BOY THIEF
IS LEADER
OF A GANG
WHITEMAN
IS AGAIN
AT LARGE
NAKED YOUTHS
HIDE IN BUSH
SENIOR SENATOR FROM. MASSA
CHUSETTS, WHO DIED EARLY
i THIS MORNIXG.
A few. weeks later Senator Hoar
spoke at: a special session: of court
when eulogies were delivered on the
life' of ': Colonel E. B. ; Stoddard, a life
long/ friend of ; the Senator, and "he
also made r an I informal ," address at , the
English High/ School /on the {occasion
of the" presentation to, the! city of some
copies of; Stuart's portrait of Wash-
Late in May he attended thebi-cen
tennial celebration in the town of but
ton,. Worcester County, and made a
speech of more ' than half an hour's
duration in the open air. He was es
pecially interested in this celebration,
sis one 'feature of it was ; the.dedica
tion"~6f a memorial tablet , to General
R." P. Putnam .on the site of Putnam's
birthplace. SenatorHoar made a his
torical address, eulogizing General Put
nam as one of .the country's greatest
men. He spoke clearly and logically,
but seemed feeble and after speaking
a minute^ or-two asked -"permission to
cover' his ¦ head,- as a cool breeze -was
blowing in his face. He left the speak
ers'^ stand as . soon as his : speech was
finished and .was driven directly to his
home* here. It "was remarked at the
time* by those who heard ' him that it
might T be his last appearance in pub-
He^.. ¦ ¦¦-:¦[ ; ," i - ., ••;. ; . ¦ ¦ ¦";¦/ .
Senator Hoar had been in ill health
since last" .'winter.- and ' even \ when- at
tending .the . sessions of "the « Senate he
was obliged' io* exercise extreme", care
lest his exertions should overcome him.
At thattlme he was troubled' with lum
bago, and; the death. of his wife- 'proved
such a blow him - that -he- never I re
covered entirely, from its * effects. ¦
jS Toward the end of the last session "of
Congress Senator Hoar was frequently
absent ' from the sessions of the Senate
and remained at his hotel. He came
to • his home | here ' soon after ; the ad
journment; apparently recovered from
the lumbago. ' He was weak, however,
and his physician here, Dr. Gilman," 1 ad
vised him to* refrain during the sum
mer from' any mental or physical ex
ertion In , the. hope that he might "re
gain his strength. He disregarded this
injunction, however, on at least three
occasions, his love for old associations
and his friends overcoming considera
tions forjhimself.
:last, public appearance.
Intelligence, of Senator Hoar's death
was f first ; communicated by ; telephone
from. the residence to the press by Dr.
Gilman. immediately after a prear
ranged-signal -was transmitted on the
fire alarm system %nd- the long-dreaded
tidings were conveyed to the people of
the^city^by the tolling of bells. '-¦¦''¦ ' >
i ' Arrangements were 'made ' to notify
the public fin this manner when the
physicians attending him decided that
the venerable legislator was on his
deathbed. ""'•:.• - • •¦-- ' - ;
WORCESTER, Mass., Sept. SO.—
George Frisbie Hoar, senior j United
, States- Senator Y from .^Massachusetts.,
ai^-^'iiis-home^in'trfls^ity^fil^o
o'clock this morning. - The end followed
a -'period,, pf .unconsciousness t that* had
lasted since early Tuesday and- came
so, gently that only, the attending phy
sicians were aware of ' the • exact^ mo
ment of his ending. The .attending
physicians despaired Of- the Senator's
life six weeks ago, but such , was .the
vitality exhibited by their distinguished
patient that- even they were surprised
and the public was at times led to~ cher
ish faith in an ultimate recovery.
On Sunday" last; however,' all* hope
was abandoned after a ;last.unsuccess
ful: attempt . to administer, medicine
and nourishment. Brief lucid intervals
were followed by longer .durations -of
unconsciousness until "Tuesday, morn
ing, when the. venerable statesman sank
into a state of ! coma from i which all
efforts to arouse him. proved futile. ¦*¦.
During the- last hours ;there was ! not
a movement of the body and only a
scarcely perceptible • ' pulse evidenced
the final strugsle.
- There were present at : the'bedside
when death came the Senator's son.
Roqkwood :Hoar. his daughter. Mary
Hoar, and Dr. -W. R. Gilman.. who. for
weeks, has been in almost constant at
tendance upon the Senator.
FIRE BELLS ARE TOLLED.
The little Spanish girl , on Broadway
seems willing to give up the fickle
lover.. "Now; that he has another girl,"
she said, "I want him no more. We
have been - engaged two years, but I
.wes only - fifteen— not old enough to
have any.'sense then. was nice to
me and gave me this piano and this
ring. It was . pretty. . It had five stone3,
but they have all fallen out but one,
Just as his love for me has fallen away;
I will care for,' him no longer. But I
thought 1 loved—he played . music, ; he
sang and he talked, oh. I so f fine," and
the dark eyes of the girl 'Sparkled 1 * with
the remembrance •-. of happy days
gone by. - ;: > : . : *
u In Da ; Silva's possession, when ar
rested, were three badges, one of which
-was his " official one, V which : he should
have turned -'in when -he severed his
•connection- with the- Chinese bureau.
-The other two purport to have been is
sued by the Treasury end* Customs de
partments. One * is' known to be bogus
and the other is believed to be.
WANTS HIM NO MORE.
The activity of the Federal officials,
according to one of his letters to Miss
Burbank. ' whom he addresses as "My
Onliest Pretzel," annoyed him very
much. ,
; In one of his epistles he says: "Dunne
guards these Chinese too closely, but
when ,my plans mature I will beat
Dunne out before the close of the ex
position." < In another letter he admits
that he intended to get these women,
who were brought here in bond, mar
ried, so they could not be deported.
The letters found in Da Silva's pos
session, when he was arrested at St.
Louis, were addressed "to "My Dearest
Ami" by Miss Burbank, who is em
ployed as a stenographer in- the Chi
nese bureau in this city. Miss Bur
bank took great care to keep Da Silva
posted. regarding, affairs In Federal cir
cles. Such information „ regarding the
proceedings of the. Federal Grand Jury
as leaked out, and newspaper^ clippings
regarding the doings of what was des
ignated as the Chinese ring, were punc
tiliously forwarded to St. Louis.
In one of these she writes: "Another
big roast in the newspapers to-day. I
am awfully afraidthere will be trouble.
The case, will come, up, before the Fed
eral Grand : Jury • next' week.". Other
letters show that Miss Burbank was
well aware of the movements of Da
Silva, whom she expected to marry as
soon as he procured his decree of di
vorce.
OFFICIALS ACTIVE.
H. L. Eca da Silva, formerly an in
terpreter in the Chinese bureau, who,
after losing his position there, was in
dicted by the Federal Grand. Jury on
a charge of importing Chinese women
into this country for immoral purposes,
was released yesterday afternoon on; a
bond of!?5000 furnished by a surety
company. . . .•;•¦¦¦ . , -. ., :
In her; father's house on Broadway,
pretty 17-year-old | Carmen" ! Averreto 1 ,'
one of .-Ills*- lady loves, z rails at the
man whose affection she tolerated two
years ago. In the apartments occupied
by herself and parents at 531 Turk
street Miss "Agnita Burbank, another
of Da Silva's .fiancees, refuses to
discuss the matter at all. Inciden
tally there is an interlocutory decree of
divorce for Da Sllva"frOm' his Mongo-'
lian wife, and to add further to the
entanglement of hearts Is the mysteri
ous photograph of a beautiful, dark
eyed Spanish girl, whose Identity Is as
yet unknown. He has his local sweet
hearts guessing how many young
women have fallen victim to his blan
dishments.
The letters written by Da Silva to
Miss Burbank while in China and in
St. Louis are of an incriminating na
ture, showing that he was not merely
acting as an interpreter for a Chinese
company, but was actively engaged in
securing women for the "World's Fair.
The letters tend to show that it was his
ultimate intention, at the close of the
fair, to "marry" these women to other
Chinese, thus saving them from depor
tation without forfeiting the bond.
Secret Service
Men Get the
Papers.
Da Silva Wins
Two Girls
Hearts.
"' " THE TBiiATSSS.
Alcazar— "Soldiers of Fortune.™.
California — "By Blffht of
Sword."
# Certral-^"Tlie Danites."
*Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Wizard of Oz."
Fischer's — "Mis» Xaxnnu."
Grand — "York State Folks."
Majestic — "Captain Barrtasrtoa."
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
TiTOli— "The Serenade."
i TBS WEATBX3.
Torecast made at San Tran
cleco for thirty bonw ending 1
midnight, September 30:
San Francisco and Tidnlty —
Pair; con tinned warm Friday;
UtT&t nortlxwert wind.
" «' G . H. \VTJj2jSO2Tf
Ziocal Forecaster,
Temporarily in Charge.
The San Francisco Call.Excursion to Willits.
On Sunday, October 9. the California
Northwestern Railway will run , an ex
cursion to Willits. Bach ticket sold in
sures a seat. Time of departure from
Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market street,
will be 7:30 a. m., and from Willits on
the return 4:00 p. m. Train will not stop
In transit. Fare for the round trip only
$3 00. Tickets will be on < sale at 650
Market street, Chronicle building, and
Tiburon Ferry, commencing Monday, Oc
tober 3. .
' 'After lunch in -Willits a special will
take all those desiring to go to the mills
and ponds of the Northwestern Redwood
Company and to the Redwoods. No ex
tra charge. . ; •
POLITICIANS STILL ANXIOUS.
MADISON, Wis., Sept. 29. — The de
cision was not rendered in the La Fol
lette case to-day and, the' politicians
of both factions are compelled to wait
with what patience they can summon
for another 24 hours at least.
Judge Cassody is still unable to at
tend court. It is possible that some
action mav be taken in the case to
morrow or Saturday.
-, New things to ,burn In leather . and
wood novelties, and prices on pyrography
outfits are as low as the lowest. ~ Don't
forget this. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. ¦'¦ y: .-, . . •
Registration Is Heavy.
Registrar Adams reports a total
registration of 82,400, including 4997
for the last day of registration on
Wednesday. J;
WILMINGTON, Del., Sept. 29. — The
warring factions of the Republican
party in Delaware made a vain effort
to effect a compromise on a State
ticket to-day. Both the Dupont, or
regular Republicans, and the Addicks,
or Union Republicans, held their con
ventions and nominated separate tick
ets with the exception of Presidential
electors, which are the same. The
hitch is over the choice j of a candi
date for Governor, each faction- in
sisting that it shall have the naming
of the candidate.
Delaware Republicans Disagree.
William Buckler. Who Killed Man
Named Rice, Granted Reprieve
Chtil October 28.
' SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29. — Gover
nor Pardee to-day granted a reprieve
to William Buckley, convicted of mur
der In the first degree in San Fran
cisco in April, 1902, and sentenced to
be hanged October 7. He killed a man
-named William Rice. The reprieve
Is until October 28.
HANGING OF MURDERER
POSTPONED BY PARDEE
MABSErLUES. Sept. 29. — Th« Trans-
Atlantic Company, havtng agreed to makt
certain concessions, the strtklas sailors tar»
decided to resume work.
The central executive committee for
the Hayes campaign, consisting of rep
resentatives from the Assembly dis
tricts composing the Fifth Congres
sional District, met at Republican
headquarters, 16 Geary street, last
night and perfected an organization
and plans for an active fight on behalf
of E. A. Kayes of San Jose. Repre
sentatives from the various Assembly
districts appointed temporary officers,
who In turn conducted the business of
permanently organizing the Hayes
campaign committee.
After electing its officers the com
mittee authorized the chairman, John
W. Rogers, the Civil Service Commis
sioner, to appoint a committee of five
from each Assembly district, each
committee to include one district Con
gressional committeeman,.for the pur
pose of communicating with influential
men in each district, in order to or
ganize local Hayes clubs. ,
The following officers of the central
executive committee were elected by
the representatives of the Assembly
districts comprising the Fifth Congres
sional District; Chairman, John W.
Rogers (Thirty-seventh District); vice
presidents — P. J. Mahoney (Thirty
second District), F. G. Huskey (Thir
ty-fifth District), Joseph Tuite (Thir
ty-fourth District) ; secretaries^ — James
F. Kelly (Thirty-second • District),
George M. Lipman (Thirty-eighth
District); treasurer, O. A. Hale of San
Jose; sergeants at arms — John Fino
(Thirty-third District) and Charles R.
Burke (Thirty-sixth District).
Mr. Hayes said he intended thor
oughly to canvass the district and to
meet as many voters as possible. He
also said he would endeavor to con
. vert the labor union men to Repub
licanism and carry the Republican
standard to success on November 8.
Postmaster Arthur G. Fisk sug
gested that the voters in the Thirty
sixth and Thirty-seventh Assembly dis
tricts be thoroughly, instructed in the
use of the voting machines, so that
no votes should be lost through failure
to properly operate the machines.*.
. After- short speeches by many dis
trict reoresentatlves. the . Question of
Central Executive Committee Organ
izes in Filth Congressional District.
HAYES STARTS ACTIVE WORK.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 29. —
Hon. Thomas E. Watson. Populist
candidate for President, said to-day
that he was suffering from a severe
cold, but that he expected to fill all
his engagements. His letter of ac
ceptance will probably be given to
the press to-morrow.
Rhode Island Democrats Name Ticket
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept 29. —
The Democratic State convention met
here to-day and nominated Presiden
tial electors and the following State
ticket without opposition: Governor,
Lucius F. Garver; Lieutenant Gover
nor, Adlare Archambault; Secretary
of State, John H. Keenan; Attorney
General, George T. Brown; Treasurer,
Edward M. Walker. Edward M. Sul
livan was nominated for Secretary of
State, but declined to accept on ac
count of ill health. . /
RENO. Sept. 29. — Charles TV. Iri3h.
a brother of John P. Irish of San
Francisco, and who for four years un
der Cleveland's administration waa
Surveyor General of Nevada, died to
day at Gold Creek, this State, after an
illness of two weeks. Deceased was
about 70 years of age and leaves a
widow and two daughters to mourn
his loss. The body has been shipped
to the old family home at Iowa City.
Iowa, for* interment.
Irish was one of the most noted en
gineers of the country. He directed
the survey of the Santa Fe through
Arizona and Colorado, surveyed the
Burlington and Northwestern route
through Iowa, did the first work on
the first railroads in the Dakotaa and
planned and carried into execution the
bridges across the Royal Gorge and
Grand Canyon.
State Senate. In 1868 he was elected
a Representative to the Forty-flrst
Congress, and re-elected to the three
following Congresses, but declined a
renomination to the Forty-fifth.
At the next session of the Legisla
ture (1876-77) he was chosen United
States 'Senator to succeed George S.
Boutwell, and took his seat March 5, !
1877. In the national senatorial hall
he remained until his death, being re
elected almost without dissent in 1883,
1889, 1896 and 1901, the last term
not expiring until March 5, 1907.
In both houses of Congress his fig
ure and work were forceful and nota
ble. As illustrating his standing as
a clear-minded lawyer it may be men
tioned that he was chosen one of the
managers of the impeachment trial
in 1876 of Mr. Belknap, Secretary of
War, and also a member of the elec
toral commission of the same year
that gave. the Presidency to Ruther
ford B. Hayes.
His experiences in State and national
political conventions were strong trib
utes to his fairness and ability as a
governing officer. He was chosen to
preside over the Massachusetts State
Republican Convention in 1871, 1877,
1882 and 1885, and over the Republican
National Convention at Chicago in 1880.
He was a delegate to the National Con
vention of 1876 at Cincinnati and to
those of 1880, 1884 and 1888 at Chicago,
being chairman of the Massachusetts
delegations In the last three Instances.
' Outside of politics his honors and the
demands for his L services were also
many. He, was an overseer of Harvard
College from 1874 to 1880, declining re
election; elected again in 1896 and re
elected for six years in 1900. He waa
at various times regent of the Smith
sonian Institution, trustee of the Pea
body . Museum of Archaeology, presi
dent and vice president of the Ameri
can Antiquarian Society; long a mem
ber of the Massachusetts Historical So
ciety, the Virginia Historical Society,
the American Historical Society, the
Historic-Genealogical Society, fellow of
the American Academy of Arts and
Sciences, corresponding member of the
Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sci
ences and a trustee , of the Peabody
fund. - ' •
His mental equipment, both native
and acquired, was. -admirable. He was
a fine classical scholar, a good mathe
matician and well up to date In the
several branches of scientific knowl
edge; . . ii^-Mr^
The degree of LL.D. was conferred
'on him by four colleges, besides his
alma mater, Harvard, namely. Am
hurst, Yale, Dartmouth and the old
Virginia institution, William and Mary
College.
Those who say Senator Hoar was
narrow and partisan are referred by
his friends to the time when, having a
Republican majority behind him in
committee, he made a number of re
ports in favor of Democrats, either sit
ting members or contestants. In one
instance, Throckmorton of Texas, the
Democratic claimant for a seat, was
indorsed favorably by Mr. Hoar. Not
long after Throckmorton was out of
Congress a newspaper In his district
denounced Hoar as a bigoted partisan.
Throckmorton wrote a letter to the
editor, which was published, defend
ing Hoar and alleging that he was not
well- known -in the South, or such criti
cism of him would never have been
made.
Senator Hoar was made unppoular
in the North at one period by two inci
dents in which he strongly favored
Southern Interests and prejudices. Dur
ing the war the William and Mary Col
lege buildings were burned, not direct
ly by the connivance of Union generals
but, ap generally understood, by care
lessness." Mr. Hoar advocated warmly
on the floor of the House a bill to pro
vide $20,000 indemnity, but was never
able to get the appropriation, al
though he was successful in arousing
a. feeling of great bitterness in New
England. The^second incident was his
advocacy of the. restoration of Fitzjohn
Porter. . General Grant approved hla
course, but New England did not.
Some years ago in Washington, in
the hearing (of a Worcester man and
one of the then proprietors of, the Bos
ton Herald, Senator Blackburn of Ken
tucky,, in the cloakroom of the Senate,
said, In remarks of congratulation that
Mr. Hoar had been re-elected: "I be
lieve Mr. Hoar is the broadest man in
the Senate."
Senator Hoar's, wit was keen and
searching. If one were to specify that
quality of the senior Senator which en
deared him to the old members of his
party and compelled the admiration
and deep sympathy of the young men,
he would name, his humor. . His wit
was never boisterous nor comic nor
that of a buffoon, but delicate | and
clean, founded on standard compari
sons and lasting beyond the fleeting
moment.
His scrupulous regard for honorable
dealings in his public office was widely
known. His co/le allowed of the recep
tion of not even simple courtesies from
corporations who deal with, the public.
A few years ago, in a railroad trip fronv
New York to Washington, he occupied
a seat with one of the great railroad
managers. When the conductor came
along, Senator Hoar presented the reg
ulation ticket' to be punched, to the
surprise of his companion, who prom
ised to send him a pass at once. The
pass was sent, but returned to the
giver with a note of thanks.
, A notable thing in connection with
his : terni8 as representative was his
service • on a . special committee on
claims and on elections. He was never
chairman, but invariably prepared the
reports. Many were leading cases and
are cited to-day both here and in the
British Parliament as laying down the
law in election cases.. . ' .. •
His lack of familiarity, with even old
/acquaintances, --often attributed to
coldness' and austerity, "was owing to a
natural shyness, which clung to him
through life. > His .mind, naturally •' re
trospective and -- contemplative, . was
busy ; continually, • but - not -always with
DEATH CALLS
NOTED MAN TO
HIS LONG REST
subjects suggested by his immediate
surroundings. And lastly, his near
sightedness often prevented the imme
diate recognition of friends in person
al contact.
The extent of his willingness to oblige
friends was unlimited. He had abso
lutely no reserve due to pride, vanity,
or the aristocracy of family. He would
talk to a street laborer in overalls as
respectfully as to the President of the
United States. His charities were un
ostentatious—indeed, his payment of
education for two young colored men,
as a recent instance, was known not
even to all his relatives. He was not
rich, and the pecuniary amount, of his
charitable expenditures was a consid
erable tax.
His family affections were extremely
strong, not only as far as his immedi
ate relatives were- concerned, but all
his kindred. He liked to discover some
distant relative and speak affectionate
ly of him as his cousin, or whatever
the relationship might be.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 29. — The re
turns from the registration thus far
received indicate that the total vote
for Kern County will be about 6000,
which is as great as that booked two
years ago.
SALINAS, Sept 29. — The number of
voters registered here this year will
fall not less than BOO short of the reg
istration for 1902. The falling off is
not confined to any particular pre
cinct, but is general.
SUISUN, Sept. 29. — The registration
of voters which closed Wednesday
bhows a falling off of between 800 and
1000 votes in Solano County. 1902
there were registered 6855. Incom
plete returns for 1&04 place the fig
ures at 5748.
Several Counties Report Docreaso In
Number of Voters.
MANY FAIL TO REGISTER,
Irk-urily Grrcains Is Given to Victor
11. Metcalf of. the President's
Cabinet.
At breakfast in the red room of the
Bohemian Clutj yesterday, Hon. Victor
H. Metcalf, Secretary of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor, was
greeted by a score of his friends. The
©Junction, which had no political or
coir.mt;r« rial significance, was planned
on the lines of friendship and fellow
ship bv Justice F. W. Henshaw of the
Supreme The only speech was
one by the host announcing that there
would be no Breeches. Incidentally
J-ustice McFarland reversed the ruling
of Darwin on the "Descent of Man"
i;nd William Creer Harrison, speaking
for a bunch of living scientists and
for quite a galaxy of the dead, ap
pealed from the judgment of the
court.
The breakfast was interesting
throughout and much of the success
of the riffair was due to the accom
plishments of Raphael Weill as a cat
erer. The company attending consisted
of: Victor H. Mf>tcalf, John D.
Spreekels. R. p Sohwerin, A. W. Fos
ter, Chief Justice Beatty. Janies B.
Smith. Justice McFarland, Bert Mor
row. W. B. Hamilton. James H. Wil
kins. Captain Murray F. Taylor, C. W.
Dorr, Dr. Brysdale. Captain Moser, U.
R N.. Jere T. Burke. John D. Mac
kenzie, Rudolph Herold, Henry F.
Fortmann, William Greer Harrison.
Bjtphafc! Weill, Hujrh M. Burke and F.
W. Henfehaw.
I5KKAKF.VST IV RED ROOM
e OF THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— Believing that
the campaign is virtually won in the
West the Republican national man
agers are planning to devote most of
their attention to the Eastern States
after the middle of October. Announce
ment was made to-day that all dates
scheduled for Secretary of War Taft
in the West after October 20 have been
canceled, and that he will be trans
ferred to the East. The same course
will be pursued with other prominent
speakers under the direction of the
National Committee. *
Of course, if later developments show
that the .Democrats intend to make a
more aggressive fight, in" this "section
the Republicans will change their plans
accordingly. The plan is said to have
the personal indorsement of President
Roosevelt.
Republicans Will Devote Attention to
the Eastern States.
FEEL SURE OF THE WEST.
WOODLAND, Sept. 29. — The splen
did tour of D. E. McKinlay and Hon.
James McLachlan through the Second
Congressional District brought them
to-day to this city, where to-night they
addressed a meeting that thronged the
opera-house. Much enthusiasm pre
vailed and the eloquent speeches of
both orators were given the closest at
tention by the great audience. The
addresses were confined mainly to na
tional issues, McKinlay referring inci
dentally to his own candidacy for Con
gress, the prospects of which grow
brighter every day.
In Colusa last night a ' prominent
resident, who has heretofore been an
ardent supporter of the Democratic
nominee, announced his adherence to
McKinlay and further showed his sup
port by inaugurating a movement for
the organization of :a : Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay Club. --Y - . . .. ,
r. -The enthusiasm is also high in. Yolo,
where the Republicans without regard
for local differences are working to a
man for the election of McKinlay and
also to carry the county for Roosevelt.
The Democrats here are dispirited,
many of them having failed to reg
ister.
sional Candidate.
Housing Reception Tendered Congres-
BIcKINLAY AT WOODLAND.
The incident that has created the
most notable comment was the meet
ing between Senators Gorman and
Rayner of Maryland, accompanied by
an announcement from their close po
litical associates that whatever differ
ences heretofore existed 'between the
Maryland leaders have been dissipatd,
at least so far as the present campaign
is concerned.
Former Representative Ben C. Ca
ble of Illinois, who called on the
Judge, Is another whose coming is
said to mean a unit of effort from op
posing organizations of the Illinois
Democracy.
Among his callers to-day was John
Bogart, prominent as a labor leader.
Bogart had visited Judge Parker at
his home at Rosemount and called for
the purpose of continuing a discussion
touching on the relation of the Demo
cratic party to organized labor.
Indicative of an effort on the part
of Judge Parker to unite both fac
tions and bring together individuals
whose personal differences might in
terfere with harmonious work for the
national ticket, his callers during the
three days of his present trip to New
York have included representatives of
every wing of the Democratic party.
In this connection conspicuous
among those who visited the candi
date to-day were Dr. John H- Gard
ner, who has been the host of W. • J.
Bryan whenever he came to New
York, and Alexander Troop of New
Haven, who served as chairman of the
Connecticut State Committee and con
ducted an enthusiastic campaign for
Bryan four years aero.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29. — Judge Par
ker will not return to Esopus until to
morrow afternoon.
Democratic Standard Bearer Delays
His Return to Ksouus.
'WASHINGTON. Sept. 29. — Engineer
Grunsky of the Panama Canal Com
mission, thinks Chief Engineer Wal
lace has been misquoted.
3 "Mr. Ehle was sent with a party to
r* port on the possibilities regarding
the .diversion of the Chagres River,"
fcaid Grunsky in an interview to-day.
•The French knew all about the
River and considered the
Question of diverting its waters to the
Pacific, but it Is subject to heavy
> freshet*, draining as it does, a large
urea of mountain country. These
freshets would be fatal to a canal with
or without locks. To divert it into the
Pucifle and give the engineers control
r* its waters would necessitate a dam
at Zamboa, in the hills south of the
la'nal, nnd'a'long rind expensive tunnel
through the mountains to the west.
Toothing has been decided.
'¦'¦ "V-'e have not given up hopes that
a:->e;i-l«»v*-l canal may be decided upon
as practicable. Further than that we
do not go."
ISeilevnt That Chief engineer Wallace
i ¦ Has I Seen Misquoted.
GltVxSRV MAKES STATEMENT.
' "In their explorations." saitl Wallace,
'•Engineer George Ehle and his college
lads endured hardships that it took
American pluck to overcome. They
¦3>eu1 /<>ur months in the tropical jun
, p»v, tracing the course and source of
the <,Clii.fjres River, whose spring
freshets, sometimes forty feet high, so
far have proved an Insuperable obsta
cle to a sea-level canal project."
;By the use of data collected by the
Khlc party. Wallace said that It would
be possible to divert- the Chagres
from the Caribbean slope to the Pacific
eide of the Isthmus. This could be
jinne at an approximate cost of $16,000,-
D00. j vleasSng S20.000.v00 of the S36.OO0.
c 00rt destined for the construction of
locks.
This announcement of the engineer
ing work thus far done by the United
States Panama Canal Commission has
been ma^e before the Chicago Press
Cluh by Chief Engineer John F. Wal
lace, who recently returned from the
Isthmus.
CHICAGO, Sort. 29.— "GTirge Ehle.
an American engineer, with a party of
young college graduates, in four
months has made discoveries about the
ranama canal which the French engi
neers failed to make in fifteen years.
-His information makes it possible to
the bafiling problem of the Cha
gics Iiiver freshets by diverting the
Etream «o the Pacific Coast. It also
rjL-ltas'.s V-0,000,000 for excavating a sea
level waterway."
PARKER IN NEW YORK
Discoveries. Which French
Failed to Make. Will End
c in a Saving of Millions
Wallace Bradford, Marshal Hale,
Edwin T. McMurray. Edward Ginley,
D. L. Fitzgerald, Joseph E. Cutten, W.
H. Hazell, Judge John R. Aitken, Wil
liam Hampton, Albert R. Ahlborn and
James F. O'Rorke are active mem
bers of the independent organization
In the Thirty-ninth District. ;:,¦
The Independent Republican Club
of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
has adopted resolutions commending
the Merchants' Association for its
work in exposing ballot box stuffing.
There is talk in the district in favor of
nominating an independent Repub
lican to oppose T. E. Atkinson for the
Assembly.
The State Committee can hold a sec
tion of ' the pavilion in reserve for la
dies and their escorts for a short time
next Monday night, but the places
should be filled before Senator Perkins
opens the meeting.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
There will be a .great Republican
demonstration (n gan .Francisco next
Monday night. JThe viaSt pavilion will
be crowded with people desiring to see
and hear Hon. Charles W. Fairbanks,
the party's nominee for Vice Presi
dent, and his companion, the eloquent
Senator Dolliver of Iowa. These emi
nent leaders will arrive In Redding
early next Monday morning. On that
day they will speak at Redding, Red
Bluff, Chico and Marysville. arriving
here at 6:30 p. m. They will go di
rectly from the train to the Mechanics'
Pavilion. After the meeting in this
city Senator Fairbanks will visit the
Ohio Society. On Tuesday they will
visit Palo Alto, San Jose, Stockton
and Sacramento.
There is gossip in the political camps
tj the effect that Tom Geary, who is
now endeavoring to square Bell with
the voters of the Second District, con
templates ft journey to Humboldt to
square Caminetti with the voters of
Kureka. Geary's mission will prove fu
tile. The indelible records clearly prove
that Caminetti. as a member of Con
gress representing the old Second Dis
trict, went out of his way in a churlish
and narrow minded style to defeat a
measure appropriating a large sum of
money for the improvement of Eureka
harbor. Humboldt County never can
have any use for Caminetti. It is the
judgment of well informed politicians
that Caminetti's popularity in the Dem
ocratic party has vanished. At Santa
Cruz he allied himself with an unpopu
lar faction of his own party and .the
leaders of the other faction are giving
him the cold shoulder.
There is a happy feeling at Repub
lican headquarters over the result of
registration throughout the State. The
increase is mainly in Republican coun
ties. Los Angeles comes forward with
marvelous gain. The registered strength
of th«» county exceeds 62.000. Judge Mc-
Kinley's prediction that Los Angeles
will give 15.000 majority for Roosevelt
may be verified. George Stone, chair
man of the Republican State Com
mittee, is elated over the local regis
tration of 82,000. He is making no pre
dictions, but he entertains the belief
that Roosevelt's majority in this city
will astonish the natives.
FAIRBANKS AND DOLLIVER.
Mr. Gillette will speak at Sonora Oc
tober 3, at Jackson October 8, at Plac
erville October 12, at Auburn October
13, and at Nevada City October 14. He
is eure to receive a cordial welcome
from the miners because they know
that he possesses the ability and desire
to amend the so-called Caminetti act
In a manner that will promote mining
enterprises without detriment to the
people of the valley counties. Mem
bers of the Republican State Committee
are confident of Mr. Gillette's re-elec
tion by an increased majority.
TOM GEARY'S MISSION'.
J. N. Gillette of Humtjoldt, candidate
on the Republican ticket for re-election
V, Congress from the First District,
was in the city yesterday and left town
last evening to fill speaking engage
ments in ilariposa County. As a cam
paigner in California Mr. Gillette has
no superior and few equals. He knows
the people and the people know him
as a man of high character, exceptional
ability and tireless energy. The min
ers and farmers have confidence in his
judgment. They know that he has
made a thorough study of the condi
tions of the district. He will receive
the support of the solid Republican
column in the district and will also win
the support of many Democratic voters,
as a reward for. his conscientious de
votion to the interests of his constitu
ents.
The close of the war found us face to face
with new duties. New responsibilities were
unexpectedly imposed upon us, but we have
hod the capacity and the national honesty
to meet them with humane and resolute pur
pose. We have met them in a manner to
strengthen and not to subvert our republican
Institutions. We have been inspired.- by no
imperialistic purpose and those who so be
<H»ve misjudge . tha course of events . and ¦ th«
patriotic- purpose, of their . countrymen. The
flag of the United States was carried to the
Philippines to build up ' republican Institu
tions. The archipelago under the treaty of
peace became a part of the territory of the
United States, and as such entitled to our
protection. We have been in the Islands but
a comparatively brief period. It has been
less than six years since the conclusion of
the peace negotiations at Parts. In that time
insurrection has been suppressed, order re-
One of the unexpected problems we have
been obliged to deal with since the last Demo
cratic administration was the Spanish-Ameri
can war. It was entered upon reluctantly and
only when' diplomatic appealB to Spain were
unavailing. It was entered upon In the name
of humanity and by command of the voice
of Christian civilization. We departed from
the ways of peace with no thought of terri
torial aggrandizement or commercial exploit
ation.
In his speech to-night Senator Fair
banks made an exposition of the Re
publican policy in the Philippines, his
leading topic. He also discussed the
tariff and urged a continuance of the
Republican policies as necessary to the
welfare of the people at large. On the
Philippine question he said:
"You have done well by Bending
Heyburn to the Senate, but you would
dc better by sending another Repub
lican to sit with him.", .
The Spokane committee met' the
Fairbanks' train at Sand Point. The
committee consisted of a number of
the leading Republicans of Spokane,
including Mayor Boyd and State Sena
tor Crow, the latter a former class
matter of Senator Fairbanks at col
lege. United States Senator Ankeny
was also a member of the welcoming
party as a representative of the State
at large.
The party arrived in this city at 5:30
and at 8 o'clock the Senators were
es'corted to the Spokane Theater by a
number of marching clubs. They en
countered an pppos.ition demonstration
on the part of the Socialists, whose
candidate for President, Eugene V.
Debs, spoke in another theater in the
city during the evening.
TALKS OF ISJLANDS.
8POKANE, Sept. 29. — From Helena,
Mont., to Spokane, Wash., Senator
Fairbanks traveled to-day, crossing
the northern point of Idaho en route.
The day was more marked for its de
votion to sightseeing than to speech
making, and the striking beauties of
the Bitter Root and Cabinet ranges, as
well as the swiftly flowing Clarks ford
of the Columbia River and the Pend
d'Oreille Lake, were fully appreciated
by the Vice Presidential candidate and
his colleague, Senator Dolliver.
In Idaho the train was stopped at
Sand Point and Rathdrum for speeches
and at both places the talking was
from the rear platform of the Ed»e
more. Sand Point being a"n important
lumbering point, Senator Fairbanks
devoted his remarks largely there to
a discussion of the duty on lumber,
contending that /Republican policies
are necessary to the proper protection
of that industry. "'^He made no refer
ence to Senator Dubois* challenge to
discuss polygamy- at the stopping
places in Idaho, but at Sand Point
spoke in praise of Senator Heyburn,
saying:
where to locate the headquarters for
the Hayes campaign was postponed
nntil the next meeting of the commit
tee. Opinion was equally divided as to
having the headquarters in the Fifth
Congressional District or downtown
near the Republican headquarters. The
meeting adjourned at 10:15 o'clock.
Senator Dolliver spoke on the gen- j
eral issues of the campaigm, urging the ;
general efficiency of the Republican j
party/, . . >
The theater was crowded from start j
to finish and both Senators had the :
most careful attention. Their points
were enthusiastically applauded and ¦
the meeting was considered a success |
from every point of view.
The Spokane Theater proved incap
able of accommodating more than a
fraction of the people who were in
the streets and anxious to hear the
visiting Senators. It therefore be
came necessary to organize an over
flow meeting. This was held at Elks' i
Hall and was well attended. , Senator |
Fairbanks paid no attention in his
speeches to a challenge for a joint de
bate from Senator Ehibois.
Senator Foster joined the Fairbanks j
party here and he and Senator An- I
keny will make the tour of the State |
with the Vice Presidential candidate.
stored, schools established.' the administration
of Justice improved and the Filipinos have
been tapidly educated In the waya of self
government. It has been a part of our pol
icy to invite them to the administration of
their affairs as speedily as the situation war
ranted. They have had from the beginning
the most amile evidence of the purpose o£
the United States to establish & Just govern
ment and eive them the amplest participation
In it consistent with their capacity. We have
gone forward, 'meeting the requirements ol
the day in an intelligent and patriotic way.
We have not endeavored to anticipate the du
ties of the future, , but believing that the
American people can always be trusted to do
in. full measure all which honor shall suggest
toward the people of the Philippine Islands.
The flag of the United States was raised In
honor .in the Philippines, and no one need
have any fear that it will be stained while
there by any act of national dishonor.
We shall not be dissuaded from the dis
charge of our national duty to the Filipinos
by the ungenerous attacks of the opposition.
Our * course is plain. We must not depart
from it. We have but to continue to adhere
to the exalted policy marked out for the Amer
ican people by President William McKlnley.
He correctly interpreted our national duty in
the . Philippines. The course he marked out
is the one we are now pursuing. Our admin
istration there is not tyrannous, but In con
formity with the spirit of republican institu
tions. . .
TO IUKX IT INTO PACIFIC
Re-election of Gillette in the First
Congressional District Is'
Fairbanks' Arrival on the Coast Is
Signal for a Display of %
Enthusiasm.
American Engineer and His
Assistants Get Data for
Inverting Ckagres Biyer
SOLVE GREAT
CANAL PROBLEM
REPUBLICANS MAKE GAINS IN STATE REGISTRATION;
ROOSEVELT'S RUNNING MATE WELCOMED AT SPOKANE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
SENATOR HO-A.R IS DEJ-AJD
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
2
FREE- — FREE—;- FREE
TOBOGGAN — — r
: MAPLE —
—^_ - -: SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE. with Want Ads.
. m SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
. : ; : v ¦;.." _": Page.;',.-,.^:^-;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Clias. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
h'fgh-Grade Clothiers
. - t
Ko Branch Stores. Js'o Axents.
THERE'S A STYLISH DRAPE
ABOUT OUR OVERCOATS
THAT MEETS APPROVAL
OF, THE SMART DRESSERS.
HERE'S ANOTHER THING:,
THAT SWELL LOOSENESS
OTHER MAKERS HAVEN'T.
K e a r n y ;,S treet
/T h u rldw Block
ADVERTISEMENTS. £
Sailor Suits
As Pictured
If you will come to our store to-day or to-morrow we will sell you
a $5.00 Sailor Suit for $2.85.
The suits are made of blue serge, guaranteed for color and wear;
each garment is neatly trimmed on collar and shield; the ages range
from 3 to 8 years.
See the suits in our Market-street windows. Sale starts this morn-
ing.
Every mother in San Francisco ought to buy at this price.
Mail orders filled— letter must bear postmark of to-day or to-morrow.
740 Market Street
ApygRTJSEaCEXT^. '
IBB JrriiVi_tfflfih. l ffy *M™/ffjc8 "r ¦ | -*^"^^^^^^^^rl
|1 The most economical Range- on the market. Built to ||
§3 last a lifetime. Embodies all the latest ideas, many of them , J \i
M » unknown in other Ranges. Full sheet flue. .Extra large ' |l
ff| oven. - Indestructible damper. Bakes evenly top and bot- , { j
ra torn. Saves half the coal of an ordinary range. Guaran- •;' . ||
§1 teed for two years. ¦
|- Terras, $8.00 down and §!. QQa week J .
245-239 GEgSYS* ON THE SQBXARESTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. , 29. —
¦President ¦- Jordan returned ' to . the s university
yesterday, r after an abrf.nce • of ; two weeks,
epent at the - Congress ' '^f 'Arts and * Sciences
la St. Louis. fMTTfhnfflfflBfBI ' " ~'-~
The above title Is merely A. News Letter
witticism, still there is a meaning to It of much
greater significance. • ;. •*'¦:¦¦ • i
Parents of children who • suffer the humilia- ¦
tion of sitting: side by side with Japanese men
in the primary schools will be interested in !
this weekVNews Letter's cartoon and article
entitled "The Japanese Invasion of American
Schools." .
Blondes as . matrons and mothers Is an ' ln
terestinir article exonerating: the fair ones from I
recent ' charges made against blondes. San
Francisco. has many living examples who rank :
high as wives and mothers and a few of these [
are mentioned. ¦ •
Politicians will find many statements and I
predictions in .this week's News Letter which ¦
may be taken as a fo-ecaet . of , the coming I
electioc -i- a i
"Who Would Buy a iDrinkhouse > If It
Had No Sluef?" I
Did Not Discuss War Situation.
FRANKFORT ON THE MAIN,
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29. — A
special dispatch received from Chefu
says the Japanese warships are block
ading Chefu. This evidently is under
an agreement with China in order to
prevent the possibility of any of the
ships of the Port Arthur squadron
seeking refuge at Chefu.
Warships Are Blockading Cliefu.
CHEFU, Sept. 29. — The British
steamship Yiksang, trading in China
seas, arrived to-day and reports that
she was stopped by a Japanese tor
pedo-boat destroyer outside of the
harbor of Chefu. After her papers
had been examined the Yiksang was
allowed to proceed.
Japanese Stop British Steamer.
This will be the third vessel to bear
the name of Connecticut In the United
States navy. The first was built at
Middletown, Conn., In 1798. The sec
ond was a, wooden side-wheeler, pur
chased in 1861, and ! used during the
Civil War. This vessel cost 5200,000
and was sold at auction in 1865 for i
$131,000. j
nels, two military^masts, two main and j
four secondary turrets and a main deck
central battery*. The armor has a total
weight of 3992 tons.
On each side amidships there is a
steel belt 193 feet long, 9 feet 3 inches
wide and 11 inches thick. Forward
and aft of this belt is another, 9 inches
thick, covering the magazines. This
is ended by six-inch bulkheads. On the ;
lower deck for 284 feet the armor is
six inches thick and on the main deck
for 236 feet, where the central battery
is, the armor is seven inches thick. The
protected deck is 1% inches thick on i
the fiat and 2% inches on the slopes. |
The main turrets are eight inches !
thick, with 12%-inch faces. There are
two of these. The barbettes are cov
ered with ten inches of armor and the
secondary turrets with six inches of
armor, with 6%-inch faces. The con
ning tower is protected with steel ar
mor nine Inches thick, and .the signal
tower with six inches of steel. V ,]
HER FORMIDABLE ARMAMENT.
Her armament will consist of four
12-Inch breech-loading guns, one pair
In the forward turret and another aft,
and eight 8-inch guns mounted in pairs
on four turrets in the superstructure.
In the main deck battery there will
be . twelve 7-Inch rapid-firing guns,
mounted six to a broadside. In addi
tion there will be twelve 14-pounders,
twelve three-pounders, six one-pound
automatic guns, two one-pound semi
automatic and eight 30-inch machine
guns. i
In the magazines she will carry sixty
rounds for each 12-inch gun, 100 rounds
for each 8-lnch gun, 100 rounds for each
7-inch gun, 300 rounds for each three
inch gun, 600 rounds for each three
pounder and 960 rounds for each one
pounder. : Kv:i. j
The coal bunker capacity of the Con
necticut is 900 tons normally, but in an
emergency this can be increased to
2200 tons. j j
Ordinarily she will | carry sufficient
coal to steam 7000 miles at eleven
knots, or 2500 miles at eighteen knots.
The Connecticut is to be fitted for use
as a flagship, and when In commission
will carry forty-two officers and 761
men. She is not to exceed $4,212,000 in
cost. -•. -v I
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Although
successfully launched to-day, the bat
tleship Connecticut did not have her
bottle of wine broken by Miss Alice B.
Wellesi who had been selected as spon
sor for the ship. She threw the bottle
at the boat as the ship began to move
off the ways, but it failed to break
when it struck the vessel's side. Sec
retary of the Xavy Morton and Rear
Admiral Rodgers stood beside Miss
Welles. Rear Admiral Rodgers at
tempted to grasp the bottle as it re
hounded, but failed, and the ship was
moving off into the water when a
workman on the deck seized the string
that held the bottle and dashed the
Class receptacle of* the champagne
against th.> side of the ship, shattering
it to pieces, to the relief of the super
stitious. This was the only variation
of the prearranged plan, despite the
many sensational stories of attempts
to do the vessel damage. The navy
yard was crowded, it being estimated
rhat almost 30,000 persons witnessed the
launching. Every point of vantage was
occupied. Stands for invited guests
had been erected about the big red
hull, and outside of this was a fence
behind which the majority of visitors
vrerc kept.
Soon after 11 o'clock the cautionary
The Connecticut . is of steel, ; with a
trial displacement of 16,000 tons and a
maximum displacement of 17,770 tons;
The vessel is 450 feet on the load water
line. 4S6.8 feet over all, 76.1, feet beam
and 24.6 feet draught. ,
The, engines will be' of "the twin
screw, vertical, four. ; cylinder;: triple
expansion type, , with .combined i horse
power of 16,500 and: these will accumu
late a speed, of IS knots!
The Connecticut will carry three fun- ;
BUILT IN GOVERNMENT YARD.
The Connecticut Is a sister ship of
the Louisiana, and both vessels were
authorized by an act of Congress In
iaO2. The Connecticut was built in a
government yard and under govern
ment supervision, while the Louisiana
was built by a private shipbuilding
firm at Newport 'News, . Va. The con
struction of both ships has been fol
lowed with keen interest, as it was rec
ognized that it was a test of the gov
ernment's ability to cope with private
enterprise. Much depended on this
competition of construction, for if the
Connecticut is completed before the
Louisiana, then most of the govern
ment shipbuilding will be done by the
latter, and it is expected the New York
Navy Yard will be the shipbuilding
center for government work.
The Connecticut, when finished, will
be the finest arid most powerful boat in
the American navy, and will rank with
the most powerful battleships of the
navies of other nations. Notwithstand
ing the fact that a new plant had to be
created for the construction of the
Connecticut, this vessel is but 8 per
cent behind the Louisiana, although
laid down two months later.
The last vessel of any size construct
ed at the New York Navy Yard was
the ill fated battleship Maine.
The keel of the Connecticut was laid
down on March 10, 1903, the stem was
erected on July 25, the armor placed
aboard April 24 and the first Boiler
shipped on July 7.
1)131 ENSIONS OF NEW BOAT.
After the launching several hundred
guests were entertained at the Officers'
Club, at which Secretary Morton was
the guest of honor. A reception was
also held at the naval branch of the
Y. M. C. A., where a thousand were
entertained. Miss Helen M. Gould re
ceived. Secretary Morton and " Gover
nor Chamberlain were cheered by the
crowd, and both made short Informal
speeches.
The bow of the new battleship was
tastefully draped with a large Ameri
can flag. Naval Constructor Baxter,
in charge of the launching, was con
nected by telephone with all parts of
the ship and on hearing that every
thing was ready he gave the signal
to the workmen, passed the word to
Miss Welles, who threw the bottle of
wine against the bow as the great
steel hull was on its way to the wa
ter.
The ship started slowly at first, gain
ing momentum as it slipped into the
water. A chorus of whistles from the
vessels in the harbor drowned the
strains of the warship's bands as the
big steel hull rode safely on the water.
Owing to the rumors of the last few
days of an attempt to wreck the new
ship at the launching, there was in
tense feeling of suspense among the
spectators and the officials and em
ployes at the navy yard lest something
would mar the impressiveness 6t the
ceremony. , .
flag was run up on the huge crane over
the bow, and a few minutes later the
warning to "get away" was given, and
to the " accompaniment of creaking
timbers, booming guns, sirens and
whistles the big red hull slid into the
water at 11:16 o'clock. It took just
twenty-six seconds for the Connecticut
to clear the ways.
GUESTS ARE ENTERTAINED.
NAPLES, Sept. 29. — Cayeteno Arel
lano, Chief Justice of the Philippine
Islands, who was received In private
audience by Pope Plus, left for the
Philippines to-day. He will travel
the United States.
On Way to Philippines.
New Vessel When Completed Will Be One
of the Finest and Most Poweifurih
Uncle Sam's Fleet.
Aldermen Are Accused of Grafting.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 29. — The cen
sus of British South Africa, including
Cape Colony, the Transvaal, Natal,
Rhodesia,^ Orangia, Basutoland and
Bechuanaland, gives the white popu
lation at 1,135,016 and the colored
at 5,198,175.
Admiral Skrydloff has given per
mission to Lieutenant Dombrovoskt
and Midshipman Baron Aminoff to ac
cept the invitation and they will start
for Altodor shortly.
Grand Duke Alexander Michaelo
vitch has telegraphed here offering the
hospitality of a specially constructed
villa on his estate at Aitodor./in the
Crimea to officers wounded in sea
fighting. •
VLADIVOSTOK, Sept. 29. — Private
reports from Port Arthur state that
the garrison there is confident of . be
ing able to hold out until the begin
ning of next year. '
The report is confirmed of the loss
of three Japanese torpedo boats and
the damaging of a Japanese cruiser by
coming in contact with Russian mines.
All is quiet at Vladivostok.
Russians Believe That They Can Hold
the Beseised' Fortress.
GARRISON IS CONFIDENT.
TOUXG LADY WHO CHRISTENED THE NEW BATTLESHIP CONNECTICUT.
WHICH WAS -SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED IN THE NEW YORK NAVY
YARD YESTERDAY.
CHEFU, Sept. 30. — A Japanese tor
pedo destroyer at midnight last night,
landed near Chef u eighteen Chinese
coolies whom the Japanese had taken
from a junk which was attempting to
run the blockade and carry mall from
Port Arthur. The captured junk was
burned. The Chinese say that two
Russians, disguised as Chinese were
kept prisoners on the destroyer and
that two Chinese probably perished
in the flames of the burning junk.
The Chinese who left Port Arthur
September 27 confirm the advices of
September 28, saying that the last as
sault was the old story over again, the
Japanese intrepidly entering the Rus
sian positions but being unable to re
main in face of the fire from the large
forts.
" • M
Japanese Capture a Mail Jnnk From
4 Port Arthur.
FAILS TO RUN BLOCKADE.
PARIS, Sept. 29. — The Temps this
afternoon publishes a dispatch from,
Constantinople saying that private in
formation has been received there to
the effect that the village of Ramsa,
Armenia, was yesterday the scene of
a massacre of Armenians by Kurds.
Details are lacking.
Armenians Are Massacred by Kurds.
BELIZE, British Honduras, Sept 29.
— News has reached here of recent at
tacks by Indians on the camps of the
chicleros, or chewing gum gatherers in
Southern Mexico. As a result of these
attacks, seventeen were killed, eighteen
wounded and fifty-seven more either
murdered or carried into captivity.
The force of Indians consisted of about
three hundred and was led by a rene
gate from the National Guard of Yu
catan. The Indians first attacked the
camp 'at Quintana Roo, where they
killed -three women, two men and
wounded three more men. At another
camp they killed two men, two women
and wounded three men.
In Chenchunche the offices and store
rooms of Messrs. Barrios were sacked
and burned. The. hospital was also
burned. Three patients, two men and
a woman, perished. In Cozumena. four
men were killed and seven more
wounded by the Indians. . The Indians
then went to other camps and carried
off fifty-seven men. Whether the lat
ter are in captivity or have been mur
dered is not known.
At Tulum the Indians later attacked
the works of Angeld Revas. They
killed three men, wounded five others
and carrie doff five women as prisoners.
As a result of these attacks the chicle
companies suffered serious losses. Many
buildings were burned. It is said that
military protection had been asked of
the Mexican government before the at
tacks and that the authorities replied
that there was no necessity, as the In
dians were harmless. The chicle cum
is used in chewing gum manufactured
in the Unted States. : -;/ •
Gum Gatherers Slain and Taken Pris
oners by a Large Band of
Aborigines-.
SEVERAL MEXICANS KILXiED
IN ATTACKS BY INDIANS
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— Prince
Peter Sviatopolsk-Mlrsky assumed act
ive direction of the Ministry of the In
terior to-day. It Is already apparent
that there will be almost a clean sweep
of the old Von Plehwe regime. A num
ber of the old lieutenants of the former
Minister have resigned. Both the chief
of the gendarmerie and the Secretary
of State of Finland, which powerful
offices the late Von Plehwe accumu
lated, will be divorced from the Minis
try of the Interior, the new Minister
firmly refusing to have any connection
with the police.
M. Stischinsky, who, as Under Secre
tary of State and Director of the Land
Department, acted in an advisory ca
pacity in dealing .with the Zemstvos.
will, it is understood, be appointed Sec
retary of State for Finland. He Is dis
tinctly a man of moderate views. Gen
eral Ridzevsky. it is > also believed, will
be chosen chief of the gendarmerie,
which will become an independent de
partment. Ridzevsky has just resigned
the important position of chief secre
tary of the Ministry of the Imperial
Household in order to be able to ac
cept the position of chief of the gen
darmerie.
The speech of Prince Sviatopolsk-
Mirsky upon receiving the officials of
the Ministry of the Interior to-day Is
bound to produce a deep impression in
Russia and be interpreted as the har
binger of a mild and broad regime. It
has a ring which will be welcomed by
the liberals. While not going into de
tails, it practically reiterates what the
Minister said to the press at Vilna on
September 23 about the! Emperor's
manifesto furnishing the guiding spirit
of his administration. The following
words are considered to be a direct ap
peal to the people, who have trust In
his regime:
"It is my deep conviction that the
fruitfulness of the work of the Gov
ernment is based upon the sincere good
will and sincere confidence which knits
Its relation to the social class, the insti
tutions and the people in general."
Minister of the Interior Sup
plants Von Plehwe's E«
gime With -New Methods
TIE PASS, Sept. 29. — The Japanese
armies around Liaoyang are reported
to be decimated by epidemics, due to
decaying corpses.
The Japanese are said to have
dammed the Liao River, above Liao
yang, flooding the country In order to
protect their left flank.
War clothing ls'^being received by
the Japanese from America.
Epidemics Decimate the Ranks.
ASTORIA, Or., Sept. 29. — The
Oriental liner Arabia of the Portland-
Asiatic line arrived in Portland to
day from Far Eastern points. The
Arabia was captured by the Russian
Vladivostok squadron on July 22, 100
miles north of Yokohama.
The cruiser Gromoboi brought the
Arabia to a stop and three or four
hundred men boarded her. The Arabia
was taken to Vladivostok, where 65,000
sacks of flour were removed from her,
35,000 sacks being left on board. The
Arabia also had on board ninety flat
cars, which the Russians threw into
the sea. They washed ashore along
the beach, where they were rotting
when the liner was finally released.
"We were at Vladivostok for twenty
eight days," said Captain Bahle, "and
there met the crews of several cap
tured .vessels. The Rossia and Gromo
boi were at Vladivostok while the
Arabia was there. I counted twenty
six gaping holes in the Rossia. All of
them were, near the water line."
ARABIA REACHES PORT.
Captain of IJiier Tells of Experience
With Russian Fleet.
Russians Retire North of Mukden.
LONDON. Sept. 30. — Telegraphing
from Newchwang September 29, the
Dally Mall's correspondent says:
"The main force of the Russian
army has retired to the north of Muk
den. Strong bodies of troops have
been thrown out to defend both flanks
and the southern approaches to the
city have been carefully mined. The
indications are that no serious attempt
will be made to hold Mukden."
_The Japanese attacked Da Pass,
which was occupied by the troops of
Generals Mistchenko and Samsonoff on
September 24, but according to dis
patches from Harbin were twice re
pulsed.
Da Pass, or Ta Pass, meaning great
pass, is situated about forty-five miles
southeast of Mukden and about the
same distance northeast of Llaoyang.
It is about twenty-five miles south of
the Hun River.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— A
feeling of uneasiness aroused here,
owing to the lack of definite news from
Port Arthur and General Kuropatkln,
Is growing rapidly. "What adds to the
tension Is the fact that all reports
coming in are of' an unfavorable na
ture. Thus it is reported that enor
mous bands of Hunghuses, well
equipped, are only awaiting the mo
ment when General Kuropatkln is en
gaged to work havoc on his rear, while
the Chinese have developed an organ
ized night and day spy service in favor
of the Japanese. The spy services ex
tend even to Port Arthur, whence every
movement of the ships Is forthwith re
ported to the Japanese. The latter have
so perfected their blockade that not
even a junk can pass. While reinforced
by all the ships that can possibly be
placed at his disposal, Admiral Togo
has taken measures to prevent the en
emy's fleet from escaping even to neu
tral ports. It is stated to-night that
the Japanese have countermined Port
Arthur and annihilated a thousand
Russians.
Such ar,e some of the disquieting ru
mors which now are depressing the
public. The Bourse was very weak to
day. Reports which have been pub
lished in some papers to the effect that
General Kuropatkin has been instruct
ed to give battle at Mukden are un
true. A further j contest, however, is
unlikely.
The absence of Emperor Nicholas,
who has gone to Odessa, Is causing an
even greater dearth of official news
from the front than has been experi
enced heretofore.
Communication with Mukden has
been practically suspended, and St. Pe
tersburg is therefore suffering another
period of anxiety and suspense, just
when the intimation had been given
that important developments were im
minent between the armies of General
Kuropatkin and Field Marshal Oyama.
Port Arthur is more, isolated than
ever, and the only news from that
place comes by way of Vladivostok.
Sept. 29. — Chancellor Von Buelow, in
an interview printed in the Frank
furter Zeltung to-day, relative to the
recent visit of Signor Gioletti, the Ital
ian Premier to the chancellor at Horn
burg, is quoted as saying It was alto
gether personal and that it was not
announced in advance in order to
avoid premature speculations. As for
their having discussed mediation in
the Far Eastern waters, such a thing
was excluded from consideration by
the knowledge that neither Russia nor
Japan desired mediation.
RUSSIA TO SEE
VAST REFORMS
TOKIO, Sept. 29. — The emergency
ordinance, amending the army con
scription law, was gazetted to-day. It
extends the service of the second re
servists from five to ten years and
abolishes the distinction between first
and second reserve conscripts. Reserv
ists will be retired at the aga of 37
years.
A contemplated Increase In the army
Involves a new scheme of divisional
organization, the plan of which has
not yet been disclosed.
At the Foreign Office this evening tt
was stated that the new conscription
regulations will augment the available
Japanese* fighting force by about
200,000 men.
Japan to Add to Her Force.
Absence of Definite News From Port
Arthur Causes Great Anxiety.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— While
considerable public, interest has been
aroused by the reports that President
Roosevelt is sounding the powers as to
the advisability of calling another
peace conference at The Hague, no
intimation of such a purpose has yet
been officially conveyed to Russia,
either through Embassador Cassini or
Embassador McCbrmick. In official
circles the proposition is not considered
to, be exactly opportune. v
The Russian Government naturally
is greatly interested in the tribunal
which owes its existence to Emperor
Nicholas* initiative and under ordinary
circumstances would welcome anything
ta forward its aims, but it is pointed
out that during the war it would be
hardly considered with favor. The
neutral powers would, of course, de
sire to limit the activity of the bellig
erents.
Russia admits that there are many
questions growing out of the war in
the Far East which it would profit all
the powers to definitely settle, and she
is in favor of a conference at the close
of the war. "v
The Kevosti, in a bitterly sarcastic
editorial, refers to the conference of
the Institute of International Law,
which closed at Edinburgh yesterday,
and to the proposal from the United
States to reassemble The Hague Con
ference. The paper declares that in
ternational law Is a polite myth, under
cover of which the strongest nation
takes what it wants without regard
for its opponent's rights and feelings,
and says there is not a tenet in the
so called code which has not been
broken whenever it suited the conveni
ence of some nation able to defy it. The
only nations ever appealing to the In
ternational code, the editorial asserts,
are too weak to stand up for their de
mands and they have always found
that the law was administered by the
strong arm of the most powerful na
tion always fixing the interpretation
before the court. \ • v
Argues That NeutralPowers
Would Seek to Limit the
Activity of Belligerents
WAITS OFFICIAL WOKD
MADRID, Sept. 29.— The Mikado re
cently expressed a wish, through Min
ister Akabana, to confer the Grand
Badge of the Chrysanthemum on Kins
Alfonso.
Premier Maura had a consultation
with Alfonso on the subject, and after
going over the matter thoroughly In
formed Akabana that the Spanish ruler
could not accept the honor for fear
such action would be interpreted as an
official acknowledgment of Spain's
pro- Japanese sympathies. ..
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— News
has been received here from Mukden
to the effect that the Japanese have
at last begun the offensive. They have
captured Da Pass, \ and are pressing
on General Kuropatkin's left flank. The
War Office is unable to confirm this
officially, • because Kuropatkin's dis
patches are following the Emperor, but
the the press is informed by the gen
eral staff that all indications point to
the nqws being correct. It is believed
the Russians abandoned Da Pass with
out serious . resistance. Several other
passes of the Da range, eastward of
Bentsiaputze (twenty miles southeast
of Mukden), are also i\the hands of the
Japanese.
Kuropatkln is evidently drawingf in
his forces to the less mountainous coun
try northwestward, where he may de
cide to give battle. In the meanwhile
sharp fighting is regarded as imminent
southeast of Mukden, whence the Jap
anese are expected to deliver their main
attack, the flank movement from the
west being of secondary Importance.
Believes Peace Convention
Should Xot Be Held Until
End of the Japanese War
Russians Abandon Da
Pass to the Little
Brown Men.
King Alfonso Refuses
an Honor Offered
by Japan.
CZAR AVERSE
TO CONFERENCE
SOLDIERS OF THE MIKADO ASSUME THE OFFENSIVE
AND ARE PRESSING ON KUROPATKIN'S LEFT FLANK
BATTLESHIP CONNECTICUT
IS SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED
IN GOVERNMENT NAVY-YARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 190*.
There continues a dearth of news from the armies In the Par
East. Reports from Russian sources tell 1 of terrible ravages by dis
ease In the Japanese armies. The Llao river Is said to have been
dammed abreast of Uaoyang In order that the flooded country may
protect the left flank of the Japanese arniy threatening Mukden. In
St. Petersburg it seems to be the expectation * that General Kuro
patkin will not make a stubborn fight to hold Mukden. Vladivos
tok has heard that the Port Arthur sarrison is confident of being
able to hold out at least three months longer. Another stroke of
ill-fortune has befallen the Russian navy in an accident to the
cruiser Oreg, which was ordered to pc ready about this time for
sea with other vessels of the Baltic Squadron. Repairs to the Orcgf
will probably detain her at Cronstadt for six weeks.
3
' ADy^KTISEMEyTS^^^ n^mn^ww.u.vuwLma
0
Overcoats $ 10 £§.A>-
The man who goes outside of our store for his overcoat is paying i^l^^P^^^^fe^W^^
from $3 to $7 more for his garment than he needs to. : +A-.
The overcoats themseives are good proof — the hundreds of pleased
customers that buy here every week are also good proof. it~£?p r^^PW^^^fe^r' 7>
We make our entire stock and sell direct to you. The assortment 4* /ife^r :>:^m^^?^J
contains every fabric and style at prices from $10 to $40. • jtojJ&MSP '¦W&mB
We sell an overcoat as pictured for $10. .
The Cravenette is a light, coo} and comfortable garment, which (C^ ; ;-|||B
serves as a rain coat in wet weather and an overcoat in sunshine. - jw" ' : _v '7"^^S| •
Our stock is made from the genuine Priestley Cravenette cloth, - y^SRIttS^^^M
every yard of which bears the Priestley stamp. We guarantee the gar- / &.• . * . - &^S
-ments to be absolutely rain proof. Remember every rain coat is not a 3 .* • ' •: : -'-^|^^[
Cravenette. See that you get the genuine. ™ £v ¦ •' -. -¦^fS
They are 50 inches long, coming down almost to the ankles and j fp*&7\ • ' ' 'v?is«
We carry a complete stock of Cravenettes from $10 to $30. pSS! •" - V^-S|»
Here's a plan to reduce your clothing bill several dollars in a year: "^S^^HT
First, buy your clothes at our store, as you buy direct from the WMM isBpi
Second, buy two suits. Wear them alternately— while wearing
one have us sponge and press the other— we do this free of charge.. J^ls iSl!
(. The suits will last;longerandyou will always look neater dressed. - - : • J|§|f ¦¦-j^m
We have 'ready-to-wear suits" from $10 to $35. We would like ...¦,,. i$M
particularly to show you the $10 line. : 4s8s^^' S;; Jgaf-.*--
! Trousers to -50 with your worn coat and vest — striped worsted and Scotch '/z^';^* ; - ; ' ; "~''
cheviots, fall patterns, ; *2.25 to'*7.00. ' *"*
: Specially made ' for h us— a line > of men's -^ % T !% A'//"\ /"V W\- (• T Special fOT tO-dflV fllld Sa t UF-
soft 'and sfcff hats at $4.00. Swell, stylish %B8b«i%j* wW 8 II 11 I Ail lit day oW-Fonn-fitting worsted wool and
blocks; every one fully guaranteed to hold /^ \% \J \J kj Q) | \J > SfhmerS underwear u? plain shades and silk
its shape and colon a new hat free if the first *^ J X ¦ T * : •— f V^ colored stripes; regu!ar $2 a garment., now
i*"^^*"- v . '¦,:?¦, 740 Martcetstpcct *!-*>•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand M
H Evaporated m
|p Gs*eaifg If
||j Is cf uniform quality at all J|i
I|gg seasons, always pure, heavy ils
fe| in consistence, cf delicious
III flavor and appetizing ap- 11|
HP Ask for Lhe brand vlth am
&^ the"Helvetia" cap label. &m
j!|£ Made by the largest pro- §||j
iggjducers of Evaporated fiik
&S& Cream In the world. 'Slak
.EVERY.BLAMRRANTED: *tXRRI*GB t,ICENSE.— Oaklan*. g^>V $».
— 4. - marrtar* ' license % vu ¦¦ tssaed to-day • to
Nathan W. Dodson, aised 21. and Mollit Hen
dersoB. ««ed 18, both of OsUUaad, ,:
V; PAKLAND> SeptJvf 2 9,Tf-I)espIte J his
¦aMiety/to'i'.wed^MissVMami'e^
'it^aA/lmpbutb'le forjTl^omas^Jone^to
coriylnceV Deputy^County-'Cler^H; "tta-
Baker i to- day that he .- .was ¦ legraliy en-,
titled 3 to '. wed.*=:;.* Jones L came seeking : a
tn&rriage Jic«nse, ."and -th'e'oClerkoWas
almost feady to hand over'the coveted
Aoxnxment 'when tne petitioner admit
ted : 4hat Ait '. fea4 b*e« °divotbed about
thre* ' <noftth». aero. > "Tbat settle* . it,"
¦aid "the » deputy. "Tou ,; can't I marry
again l for.. K -year." ¦; I'll have to refuse'
you : a' license,"- and he. did.
Law, Bars . Wcddlnff.
;-; PLEASANTON, \ Sept.'i 2 9.^-William
•Warren, / a . fanner'; in .-'; Happyl/.yalleyi
."near". this' town, has ' disappea'r^d.'tleay
in^rfa^youne?- and o pretty-' wife^'.with
three helpless and dlscoiisbT;
late. '-^Three day* 5 ago Mrs. Ella Nursed
. wife - of a ; neighbor ir to ¦•. thel IWaxrehs;
left her husband, taklnc her daughter,"
.l«-y«ar«'oia. r .'\--V' c « £_;S-i (7) . -7i ty v : ;»*
: Mrs. Warren ° is that " he»
nu«ban4 has «lop«d with »Ir». Hut**.
Neither *B* de#«rte<l. mit% not th*
abandontd husband ha« a cl*w to the
whereabouts of tht ( talssint pair.
Protty Wife of-Plcawariton Farmer Bel
;¦; lieves Her ; Hnbby';Has-;Fled: Withjl
:•;¦¦•• ?:'C: ¦': '•:"¦ Another '.Woman, v' ;.•.':¦ : ;-/•:*-'-"•¦¦
THEVKS HUSBAND HAS -',•, : , ,.;;'. . : ,: :
.: . ELOPED TVrTH, NEIGHBOR
Will Preach to Masons.
OAIvLArvD, Sept. 29. — The Scottish
Rite bodies of Masonry in this city will
attend a special service Sunday even
ing at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, at -which the Rev. H. "W.
FYaser will preach a farewell sermon
to those organizations. Dr. Fraser is
about to depart for Vancouver, B. C,
where he will become pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church of that city.
.SAUNAS, Sept. 29.— S. Stephen
son, a colored man, waa. -found in *
semi-conscious condition near New
Monterey, to-day. He could not
speak, but stated in writing that he
had been beaten, and robbed by two
soldiers. He had recently been paid
off by his employers, but had no
money when found, which was soon
after he had been seen with two col
ored soiaiers.
Beaten by Colored Soldiers.
CONTEST OVER A GIRL.— Oakland. Sept.
29. — The case of Florence Ellis. 15 years old,
arresteU on a charge of stealips a; doll from
tae West Oakland Home, where she had been,
an Inmate*, feaa developed into & contest be
tween the home authorities and the mother.
Mrs. Louise Whlteneck; for possession of -the
rlrl. Miss Grace I* Trevor, matron of the
horae, has offered thaough the prosecuting at
torn«y to prov« that Mrs. Whlteneck lj not
a proper person to have' charge of the . girl.
The warrant of arreat. Miss Trevor claima,
was yworn out that the gtrl miarht be brousot
within Jurisdiction of the police coort, wher«
the fasts could be developed. Mrs Whlteneck
was given until Tuesday to decide whether
sbe thould ' surrender the girl or make a-con
test. ' . ¦ ;. ¦:*: .
Berkeley Office -. San Francisco .CalL
•.••'. - : ; ; 2148 Center Street,- Sept. 29./:
. " Ben Greet and his company of English
piayers'-rre turned .to » : Berkeley • and .vthe
uhiyersi ty; las t ; night' ''ait^ter ; a '¦] yearns" ab-;
Bence, ; t prepared ji to '• play.^' J'Hamlet'.V' in
the -.Gre*ekftheater7on;Saiur^ay;I^Re- ;
h ear sal s | for V the ;." play ; ? were' . held -.this
afternoon.*;;" * /.•',.-•;.".•; V:' '>;.->.T; ;¦',•:. ,*''..<
V'Mr., Greet said : to-day -that 'this- com-;
"pany - ..la [ri.the : .{ best .'' that".: he % has,: ever,
brought "to^.AmericalV.-Mrs.^'Constance
Crawle'y,' 1 and v her'-; .-; husband,' v « Rawdbn ¦
ICrawley,' .- and-- 'Mr; ". Goddwyn;,' are^'the
S^y^mjen^^lvfOfflajB^yia^s^e^very^
man"''comp"any -• whdse'i names*? are v.f ar.
niilia'r ¦?. to -; Calif orhiaris: •*- J Mrs.^.Crawley •
will l be -: thV: leading": lady if again: v. . Miss
. Matthispn,- v leading V* iady-i of $ the*. East'-J .;
ern ;^"Eyerynian" '", company-? last",- year,:
was. engaged >to1 lead-in ( the;;^est ; this
;year, :)lbut .¦Henry "5lrving';:secured".{; her
seryices;as'{lea^nlK5lady^aiid: i s^i;Qr'e«t
'waiVf6rced : Hb' ; ch"ange7.hi8:p,laJis:';'.>? 4 i ; ; ;5
: •'¦- ¦Of / \tHe''flfty> students .'whdi.willr'par-;
•ticip*ateMnVthe?play::;^r-R-:Daniel8,VA::
:C;VKe"ariV,^R;^H.:;Van;;Sant::ahd-:Miss
Eduarda: Howard-willi haVe* the-leadlng
mino'ryparts^'\/rhe* ; others :.will". : be .Dan
ish and- .N0'rweglan"soldiers:;and. cour-i-;
tiers^: -The studerit^players; were ;.care-/
•fully;:;selected{frdmvthe:yarious;dra^
tic / prganizatiohs,- : [and^coachedjiby.'- C."
Djy.yph fNeuihayer", ' ; ."iristructor •¦ inj;elocu
itldn:-VjC\/ r ; ;'^{; c^ :^;?^V\:>^^".':v^;]i
V.Kpn.acc,6untVQf:th'^^^^
"there ••¦ivili--:be "•a ilongi;intermission.>bef;
t'ween :¦ acts" . 2 i and } '8"-.sp.= that:; spectators
luncheon • ,to v be ; on -.the ; grounds
byrVthe-iladles^.ofAthecFlratvOhristian
'Church:- lTh«^flrat:perforroance-,will:be-:
[g^*a1^1I?S02^aS<^andStne (^5ondsat;
2 ":301b" clock^ f-\'h^;^£0^^^' : '" ••• ; ,"'v!
: ' - BUES :#&&¦ r>IVORCB."-r^)»Wan<J.v. Sept;; 29. •
— Suit' for • dlvorc*-' waa V filed •: to-day^ by : .MaN
taret-: Klee;= from 5. 'Henry ';iW.. rKlee,'.; desertion
, being *alle«ed a»; e*u«e:-'v.v*'^' i ? .-¦' ¦•:.•*%'. ••; '.' "•"."•¦ i
•¦'« RICHMOND 'fSept. 1 .; MlVr-Aii* unknown ; .v man
Wu run over; and ; kUl«d ¦ by- the rSanta Fe train
;from-iOakUn«.;at';8:30^o'clockit<>-nl»;ht.i;t;The
•cc Went .- oceurrtd « near"! tne a Richmond '¦; avenu«
•UOon.'vNofbnfiiawHhtikccMent/^tnd'.lt ;waa
not di*cov*reduntll'»n'h6ur. after lt' c occcurred.;
SEEKS $20,000 DAMAGES. — Oakland. Sept.
29. — An echo of the railroad wreck at Byron
In December. 1902, when lives Were lost By
the collision of .tha "Owl" and th» Stockton
'Flyer,'' vas heard to-day, when El!a M.
Sessions and Nathan P.. her son, filed -suit
against the Southern Pacific Company for
damages in the sum of SJO.OCX alJ?E:nr as
cause the killing of Cbarles A. Se*Mona, baa
band of Mrs. ElUl Sessions. Mrs. S*«sior5 re
dtea the (act (hat s&e had lived with- her
husband for thirty years and that he was the
sole support of -herself and son: Jess* Mc-
Gulre, William Dolan and O. B.'CoIe. who
were, respectively,, engineer of the Stockton
"nyer." conductor of the "Owl". and brake
man on the "ftwl." are made codefendants
with the Southern Pacific Company.- Session*
was a prominent Elk of Oakland, —j.*^
Berkeiej" will make a gain of about
1000 voters, and Alameda and Oak
land also ivill make substantial gains.
The only section of the county where
n srain is not anticipated is in Eden
township.
OAKUND, Sept. 29.— Registration
figures will not be ready for announce
ment until to-morrow morning, but
County Clerk Cook is confident that
the total number of names on the
Great Register this year will be hot
l<-.vs than S3.000.*an increase of about
2500 over the total on the roll two
5'ears ago.
Republican Stronghold Adds to Its
Representation on List of \ j
Voters' Xames. • " . .
BERKELEY MAKES LARGE •
GAIN OX GREAT REGISTER
*.; A- male^iuartetv composed ¦ of 5"rank
Onslow,>A.':Ai';vMacurda, J. de ;P, Tel
ler ;.'andvHenry;,-IiV.-Perry' ; sang- appro*
?.;!'O.ut;'off.respect-^to the. memory of the
late"? superintendent the • - Judson Iron
:" was > closed"; to-day. ! Twq hun
dred 1 ./employes :-.of -'the .works attended
the -funeraK:; After. the: services at Elks*
rHa)l : -f'eIisi6usi'rites'-"'; : w''ere solemnized at
Sacred ,' ¦ : Hear t r < Church, J Fortieth ' and
'Grove '•". streets.': .'There -the Rev, •;Law
'rence-: Serda ." r omciated; : :. \The -; honorary
pallbearers I'.were- George E. /de -Gplia,
•MyronvA: > -Whidden,>A. T..
;Dr4\o:Cp^?Hamlin^''Qeorgef-lv". : -;;Reed,;
'Judge : Henry VA;'ftMelvin; Senator.; G. R.
Lukens and VH/-. C: XCapwell, : r past.'; ex-'
"alted rulers ;'; "of --'Oa&land, lodge. Dr.' J.
L".''i Milton,'.' Julius'^ Seulberger, ; - Charles
;L^Ingler,;, Charles ,W;-;;Wilklns of. Oak
• lan'dvlodgeVandi -Richard ; Orm^ and J.
'Py{Osborn'e ; of. HheV Judson Iron Works
Iwere s i? active '» pallbearers.. . ; Interment
was % in vithe S Elks'-;-; Rest;-': at Mountain
'<,View.i- Cemetery,- j.v. iVsV''" •.*'•'* •*-•*'.'. •' * ¦•¦-; ' -
'.'. -^Oakland 1 Lodge :N6.\:i71; of ;Elks ;^pald
"ory.'-'of •'.the* 'lateVFre'deiick - P/ ; .McFeely,
Buperintendent"?..of ;: 'the^ '"/ judson .1 Iron
..Workfl*^V^6veV;*v i wliomt-',5funerarv,ser_v"r>.
iqesV^were^^held";*^\this'.^. i 'ni6rning;'; ; at
Elks* .Hall.* .f.The'; spacious- rooms were
thronged {with;members and friends of
the .departed -Elk, ;' who i had;;duririg his
rimny^years. of - association- with: the
.order* won'.?a* nigh ? place : Ifi the hearts
of. ; his " brethren.;-, rAbout the bier were
:hundreds;.;Of ._beautlf ul ¦ floral' offerings.
; The^ services iVwere '/according ; . to ; : the
lodge i ritual. v /,%:.' ' ',*.'.* '•:„'¦'. - : •/-.' * * '¦: "• '¦"¦'¦" '
<ryjames^M.VSh'anley7eziUted:raierV-con
ducted,-:the>,exercises..;: In*"a \ beautiful
euldgy ¦' Pasti;Exalted • Ruler George W-
Reed'drew'a touching -word -picture of
the'imuctii beloved ;."Pop'-' McFeely. • The
"eulogist •feelinglytgave-voice to -the loss
that ;- tKe . lodge -as } an organization, ; its
membersf as -individuals : and the ¦com
munity > had; sustained^ in the death of
a r; sterling*-'. mian,^ [si:- lovable:- companion
.and.v ; a'^8plehdid character, devoted .to
:h6me;,*duty/and:friends;. .,/;. '
: , Oakland Office Sari* Francisco Call,
*:* . .:;*.'- '.V.iOlS: Broadway,': SeptT* 29.; j
Hold Impressive . Services
atthe Euheral; of Their/
Loved; Ffater and Friend
•OAKLAND, '"•.Septi '¦¦ '^a.T^Spice -was
lent Vto> the! sensational case, of - Lrfuiy
:Yarde*-Bu'iIeV. : 7to^ay,"'*r,when;" a; veiled
"woman 'took' up her 'stand: at the'en
¦trahcVjto Judge Ellsworth's courtroom
and waited' there:; one hour.. -for.:* the
titled 5 woman: to : appear, muttering:
'."This : time they" will not keep me from
her ladyship.-' ;•'¦:.* '-«i?£'Yj£*£'Sl
. Xady Yarde-Buller was to appear
while her attorneys argued her right
to be declared competent, her interests
being now In the care of a guardian,
George T. : Wright, who opposes her
plea for restoration to competency.
None of the attorneys knew ' the
identity or mission of the veiled
woman, who waited;, so "patiently, for
the petitioner to come into court.-bat
it is supposed that she is not ip her
right mind. . .
Attorneys represented Lady Yarde-
Buller and her guardian consented to
a continuance of the case to October
18, when ... argument will be .heard
by. the court concerning the pe
titioner's right. to be declared com
petent and to spend the remants of her
fortune as, sh*. chooses.
Court Attaches Puzzled by Her Actions
• While She Awaits the Coming
' ' . ;."• ; ' . '< ¦ I ' of the L<i tisan t. . . • . ¦
English- Actor : Folk Arrive
at University: and Pre
:.;pare to Play - "Hamlet"
. SAN JOSE. Sept. 29. — At a meeting:
of the Big Basin State Park commit
tee to-day letters were read from Sen
ator .Perkins, Governor • Pardee and
others indorsing: the object of the
meeting of the State Semper-irens
Club in this city to-morrow, which is
to- procure the -building of a State
highway iinto the park. .'
'.¦Among those who will speak to
morrow are Mrs. Lovell White, presi
dent of the State club; Rev. Father
Kerina, Dr. Jordan and Mayor Stev
ens, of Fresno. '
Plans: of State Semper vlieua Clnb Ap
""»'-'proved by Senator Perkins and
r •.. Governor .Pardee.
ROADWAY IS INDORSED
BY PRO3IINENT PERSON3
MYSTERIOUS WOMAN WANTS
TO SEE XADY YARDE-BULJjER
ELKS LAMENT
AT THE BIER
GREET COMPANY
COMES TO TOWN
BRILLIANT SCENE YESTERDAY AT ST. ELIZABETH'S CHURCH, FRUITVALE,
WHERErjHK COADJUTOR ARCHBISHOP ACTED AS CELEBRANT AT THE
PONTIFICAL. HIGH. MASS, WHICH CLOSED THE DEDICATION.
If the Board of Supervisor* of this county
acquired jurisdiction to lay out the road in
question, by the filing of proper petition, then
Its jurisdiction once established cannot be
railed in question by this writ and all of Its
proceedings, ministerial and legislative, in
opening the road In question cannot be called
in question. If perchance they failed to give
the notice required by the etatots, or made
the award tat dauiaecs payable out of the
wrens fund, their acts, although erroneous,
carrot be inquired Into by the writ of re
view.
Partial Victors' Scored by Board of
Supervisors in Fight Against
Public Highway.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 29.
A partial victory was won by the
Board of Supervisors to-day when
Judge Ogrden discharged the writ of re
view petitioned for by Harry N. Morse,
xvho is seeking to prevent the county
officials from awarding the contract foi
construction of the so-called "Mines
road 1 :' to W. G. Schmidt of Berkeley. •
Concerning the allegations of Mr.
Morse that the "Mines road," while os
tensibly for the public good, really was
to be constructed for the benefit of a
company owning min./ at the termi
nus of the road, the court declares, In
the opinion handed down, that such al
legations were not proved at the bear
ing of the cause. Concluding his opin
ion, Judge ugden said:
JUDGETS DECISION* B^HiKS
EITOHT TO BLOCK ROAD
' Ibe occasion of the':' dedication -of this -mon-*
astery Is nn auspicious ; one ; not only; to.', the
people of this pariah, but also to; thecongre
gation of - •every.. Catholic; church on', the "Pa
cific Coast. , * : -."•¦; '¦/ ; ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦, '* ¦• :v.'i.i '. :¦ •"•;' V •*• '.''"'¦'
'- More ' than 1 150 .- years ' have passed ' since . the .
Franciscans came to'.Callfomta and; planted
the cross on- the 'shores -of the;. Pacifle,";' Many
years before the Declaration; of Independence-:
the monks of the order were .preaching to^the".
Indians, converting them .'from paganism;. -to
Christianity. '¦:¦.•.¦:., ;;"v •;•-;¦; ¦;..;: V/.v
. ; '' OLD lp.OCTTICrE; c IJT^/; : .:..-V. :^
Those -who -gave ¦ tlielf.: lives- to '.the -teaching"
•of- the ;Indlans spoke a' different.-; language
from ours, but- 1 : they ¦'¦'. taught "them-- the same
doctrine, which . has ¦ remained ,K unchanged ..',to ;
the present day.- The-. mlsslons'.. ; hayev ; passed
jLrom Spanish to German, -still "the.- same.; faith;
prevails.' It-.tambst fitting; that .the ;.present*
members ' of the'.'order"- which* flrat'plaritefl.-th'e'.
cross In California .should •havetiaV.'shareV.ln'
upholding and enjpyjng - th« : f ruitsf pf the.iun-*
selflsh labors' of .their, predeceesors, ''W^.-rWho
enjoy the benefits": of>6ur- modern;-. civilisation 1
can little . Imagine, the . dangers'- and : hardships
which -they endured.*--;; ; •- V.v--:;'*.-:V-':^t'. V*.";:"!.V;V'.':.'"
.' ] The - .Franciscan'; ;.'monastery/.*/w.nicK:
wks dedicated /ito'-day*,-; >• \%'l located;.; ori'
Bray^ avenue; : ad joining* Sti^Elizabeth'a;
Chu^h.-V^.Tne.\plana>;for;jthe^;-_8t'ructure*'
were drawn by' Brbtherf 'Adrian^ at metnf
ber of-;the>'FrMcl8can^prderi(.',arid ithe"- :
style . is that* of •¦.the Void ; Spanish 'i- rnlsf;
slons" v 6f ' California::^*: Th'e^bulldlngvls.
ion KaH^side»sby'.faf covered
:arcade,V-t*he^roof,i"6fv\whtch'.jlal8upp
by- rhasslye ' pillars.'vwhich v at > thie/.tbp
are^"expanded-, the i.whole^f ormlng- a*con-'
tinuous ; row/.of : arches': around 'j the:' mo-;
nastery ,'•; .The' 'Vnew :l nib nastery •ir.wlll ?. be'
used": as •a;- college:; for,% the
; of .';¦ young ¦.men V. desiring -^ to ' Renter.-- the.
; priesthood:'/; At ; ;-th"e : close :\ot'.the'Ccete<
moriy'Ho-.day^the*novit!ate;andi:phiro^:
;sophy * classes.^/or,Hpfejparlng~ for^Athe"
prtesth ; oodi^were;in8titut«d:Vr 1 :/'' ; '«t ; ,/V;/-r
'v'rA\'pleasihgy>incIdent,!-.ofi;theX*dedlcaV
tlon : - waa i- the vptesehtati6n^toith«*'com^
¦munity;; by ;VMr«?SC^ F.'t Suhol-Jof
Oakland : of - f aibehch; -which Vwa« carved
by/:hand^by^ithe;IridlanBi"of-Sant*Bir»
" bara" mission'i'frbni 'A nat I va * S pani»h >'c «-"
darl' i •' The;--" bench?: vu :' given t, to • Mr*. I
S Bunol't ;:father- by • the^ monks j of'- th« !
, xn!§ sloa" And Hu been In potsMSloa of \
1 the c f»na«y tor < aewrty flftr f«§r».' : ;
:• .' At : the • close ¦ of the'consecration'cer
emohies'vhigh:;''Pontifical v'mass : : ,was
celebrated - in ••"•theV 'church'. ";.- Coadjutor
Archbishopi; Montgomery -.actedas.com^
municant, i being;:assistedv.by,:-the;.-RevV
Father Theodore, v commissaire '¦¦ the
Franciscan .. order 'on the Piciflc; Coast.
Rev:. Father Maximilian , Neumann i act-"
ed as deacon, .ReyV: Father .-Maximilian'
Klein • as ; r subdeacon ¦- and; i Rev:;-; Father
Pius' of the": Fruitvale 'comm unity/-! as
master of ceremonies.-; At'-the fclose of
the mass Archbishop ,Montgomenr.:def:
llvered ' an ' appropriate Maer/non; '; -'relat-.
Ing briefly the;history.-of\tne-Francis
can order, and its :*work;'oni: the. Pacific
Coast: * In . part; ttieVArchblshqp said: - . •
OAKLAND, Sept. 29. — The 'new home
of the Franciscan monks tn*Pruitvale,
which "was erected under the direction
of the Right Rev. Father Dennis Schu
ler of -Rome, the head Of the Francis
can order, was solemnly dedicated this
morning in the presence of a large del
egation of clergymen, the congrega
tion of St. Elizabeth Church, and many
visitors from both sides of the* bay.
The ceremony of consecration was
conducted by" his- 1 Grace Coadjutor
Archbishop Montgomery, assisted by
the • Very Rev. .. • Father ,-. Theodore''"-! of
Watson ville, Rev. 'Father. "Maximilian'
[Neumann and Key." FatheriiMaximilian
Klein, -.both of' San ; Francisco, j .' ¦:'/.'¦¦•
. .The exercises began : at : St.' Elizabeth.'s
Church at 10 o'clock this rrrofnirig with
the celebration of the Venl Creator,
with responses by Archbishop Mont
gomery, after which the Archbishop,
accompanied by the attending clergy
men, the monks' of the Fruitvale com
munityi and the altar boys and I con
gregation pf the church, marched to the
new; monastery,, and, passing in solemn
procession : :around. .the building and
through;- "the •rooms of the edifice, be
stowed . upph^ it/ the blessing j of the
Catholic'-' churchl •;./; .;-.,.: :. ",;;'";•
; 4 'iHIGH'-aiASS FOLLOWS/: ¦¦:¦',•'.-.'
Dr. J. M. Selfridge, a pioneer physician of
this city, celebrated his birthday
to-day at his- resilience, corner of . Dwinelle
and Edwards strceu,. with a '"family -reunion
of all * the . members of hia: family .'.-'.now in
this State. Dr. Selffldga haa resided.In-Oak
land "for the past thlrty-tlgbt years, and has
practiced medicine continuously for fifty-thr««
years, having- graduated - from :- college ¦; at' the!
age of 27. .¦•.7,V, ---\;v<^"«'.-,. • ,-.; v, • [* -r.-,'" '¦'
Mrs. George' Hammer gave another of the
series qf cfiartning luncheons, she Inaugurated
a week or two ago, to-day and dispensed the
hospitality of her Linda Vista home, In .her
usual gracicuB fashion. Pink was tip f table
color, blossoms, tulle and feathery ferns -lend
ing their grace to \he pretty luncheon serv
ice. The guests includes: . Mrs. Alexander
Houston Marks, Mrs. Walter Hughes • Henry,
Mrs. Grace Gorrifl Gowtng, Mrs. .William
Hamilton Morrison, Iflss Florence Hush, Miss
Margaret Sinclair, Miss Elsie Maraedel, Mrs.
Joseph Chanslor. Miss Mary Wllgon, Mfg.
Jft-wton Ka=er.' Miss Jlarriet Hall. Mrs. Thom
as Bailey Pheby. Mrs James P. H. Dunn and
Mrs. Jebn Henry Dleckmann. •' *.
The weather— Ch» vagaries of - which have
been fooling even, the oldest Inhabitant lately—
Is responsible for a change In plans for the
garden fete that was to ¦ have ' taken place at
Mrs. Howard's Alice street home. | The ladles
of St. Paul'* are not to be fooled twice, so
they hare "taken their doll rags". — In other
words, their handkerchiefs, candy, fancy work,
flsli-poad and lemonade booths— and' srone over
to Et*H Hall to 1 play. The lawn party will
be unchanged in every respect, except that
Instead of grass .unde? one's, feet and trees
overhead there will be Ebell's softly carpet
ed floor and pretty, celling. Tike booths and
the tea tables, the amusements and the lovely,
daintily gowned attendants will all be the
same and visitors may enjoy themselves j In
comfort, regardless of rain and sunfhlne. And
don't forget the date — a very Important thing 1
to remember— Saturday. October 8, .from 2
o'clock until 6.'
• Mrs. J. R. Scapham entertained -at luncheon
to-day for Mrs. James J.YHanna ;6f Columbus,.
Ohio, who Is 'visiting her '.slater. Mrs. C. W/.
Kinsey. . Mrs. Scupham'-ls:a: delightful hosi
tess and .always contrives .to weave -a thread of
originality through the . most Informal affair,
as w« the , gathering to-day.. A:, jiretty ar
rangement, of -autumn-hued.: zoladlasr'and wood-r
wardla ferns adorned the table and for favors
there were post-cards with attractive "'views
of Oakland. Each guest wrote her ; name* on
the cards, j making . them valuable souvenirs of
a -happy occasion. After luncheon each lady
divided her attention between "chatting and
the making of buttonholes, a prize— a' doyley
In buttonhole embroidery made by the hostess—
for the best; being won .by Mrs,. Bhaw. .
Mr*. Bcupham'8 guests ' were f- Mrs. ! Hanna,
Mrs. Kinsey, Mrs. George M. Shaw, Mrs. C.
B. Parcclls, Mrs. S. B. Poore of Berkeley,
Mrs. James A.° Johnson, Mrs. H. A. Powell,
Mrs. Kendall of Kansas City, Mrs. T. H.
Gaytea. . _. ; . ' ¦ , . .-'" ¦ ¦ ,- • ./- ¦.
.Another pleasant feature of the afternoon
is that cooling refreshments . will be served In
the Intervals, everything to be included In the
admission price of 50 cents. ! . . '. ;•¦' \* * ; £'i
Several of. the strangers— notably. Miss von
Kieslelnicka, Annls Montague Turner and Lot
Sebastian — have already acquired fame else
where and the opportunity to hear them all at
one time Is a rare one. . • • ''
The little sketch, "Engaging Talent,'.'.'- Is
original with Dr. Rodolph and Mr.. McKlniion
and is said .to be as bright and amuslnsrla-s
the reputation of these, two „ well-known -club
men leads one to exoeot.-, .- n .V." :. ° , ; ;
- Following- is the . programme:. Piano , solo,
SIgmcndo Martinez;' (a) prologue, "Pacllacci"
(Leoncovallo), (b) "The Star and Flower"
(d'Hardelot), Lot Sebastian; "Knowest Thou
That Jtar Land" (Thomas). Annls Mon
tague' Turner; (a) • '"81 me vers" (Hahn),
(b) "The Dawn" (d'Hardelot), Frederick C.
Hotalicg; (a) "Still wie die Nacht" (Carl
Iiohm). (b)- "Spring" (Eugen Hlld&ch), Miss
Laura Kinze von Kistelnicka. Comedy, "A
West Point Regulation." written by Mary
Shipman Andrews — Lieutenant Masters, Reeves
Baker: Cadet Richard Harrison, Rossiter Mick
el; Margery Harrison, Alits Georgle Cope.
"King Charles" (White), Lot Sebastian; ta)
"Good-by" (Toetl). (b) "The Message," An
nls Montague Turner; sketch, "Engaging
Talent." Dr. Frank Rodolph, Alfred Mackln
non.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— The fact that cars—
and tuch spacious, comfortable cars they
are! — now run direct from BrorttJway to the
very door almost of the Home Club in East
Oakland will be a very material inducement to
bring the largest crowd together to-morrow
afternoon that has yet been seen in that beau
tiful landing. The muslcale that was, post*
poned on account of S. T. Alexander's death
will take place to-morrow, .beginning at 3
o'clock, and as this will be the tirst oppor
tunity that the general public has had to
visit the most perfectly appointed clubhouse
In California there is every indication of a
eplendid attendance. The proceeds of the af
fair will go to the Oakland Social Settlement,
and aa,°'jiany of the most iiromlnent society
women "in town' are actively.. interested the
event -promises to be a brilliant success -so
cially as .well as artistically. The home club,
with its rich fornishmgs and Interesting-pic
ture sallery. has also an ideal concert hall
and a rare treat is* assured -Rovers of imirtc^"
By Zoo Green Radcliffe.
Try-outs for members of the Glee- Club have
resulted in the choosing of the following stu
dents: First tenors. H. K. Baxter 'C8, »3.
A. Buchanan '07, A. L. Clark '07, D. E. Fogg,
'C5, C. M. Heron 'OS, G. F. Neighbor '05,
T. K. Sweesy '07, N. E. Wilcox '07; second
tenors. C. "P. Finger '07. J. G. White '05; first
basses, H. H. Guttersen '07, E. O. Helnrich "08,
H. H. Kelly '07. E. A. Palmer '07. C. F.
Seymour '08, L. H. Williams '08; second basses,
E. S. Boalich '08. R. G. Clifford '04. H. E.
Dwelle 'OS, H. Hidden '08. B. P. Jaggard '04,
V. V. Ligda '04, J. E. Neighbor '08; alter
nates. W. H. Epstein '08, C. E. Kelsey '08,
C. H. Ramsden '08, T. D. Watson '07, J. B.
Bweany '08. ° : .
The '04!i men, members of the class that
will be graduafecC'at Christmas, have suddenly
asserted themselves by forming a regular class
organization . and adopting white hats as the
official Insignia for students detained, In col
lege for half a . year longer than their fellows.
There are .thirty-flve in the class and they
have elected to represent them J. A. Wilcox
as president; J. D. MeGavin as secretary; S. W.
Nichols »s treasurer- and A. M. Cboley
Terry, the Kappa Alpha fraternity 1 ¦ bulldog, Is
serjeant-at-arms.
A reading- Illustrating and interpreting
"Ajax," the Greek play to be presented In the
Greek Theater on October 13. will be given
by the Rev, F. I*. Hoimer in the First. Uni
tarian Church next Sunday. The reading will
be an abridged metrical translation of the play,
interspersed - 'with music Illustrative of the
Choral - parts. ' : •• ¦•¦ ' - ! - - : ¦
BERKELET, Sept. 29.— There will be 500
torches in the night parade and rally of stu
dents to-morrow evening in the Greek Theater.
The torch bearers will meet at a place to be
designated down town and form for the march
through the campus. A big fire will be built
in the center of the theater, the materials for
which will b« collected by freshmen pressed
Into service by the upper class slave drivers.
Rooters will be seated according to classes,
the sophomores nearest the north entrance,
next the juniors and then the freshmen.
The first of the series of evening and noon
day concerts planned, by the Art Association
drew a large crowd to Hearst Hall thi* even
ing. The programme was contributed by
Messrs. Redfleld, McCandliah and Charles
Mayer. Winnifred June Morgan, William Lle
mert and Elizabeth Simpson.
• FINE MUSICALE.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
That the Webster-street and Park
Railroad had become a part of the
consolidated system was first given
credence when the construction de
partment of the transit company was
put at work building the new line. At
that time the original projectors re
lused to say definitely that absorp
tion was contemplated, but it was ad
mitted that the Webster-street road
would be operated under agreements
with the Transit Consolidated. The
new corporation now open!}" : takes
over the road and again comrol3
every street car line in the ' city of
Oakland.
Directors of the new company are
practically the same as those which
controlled its predecessor. They are
ti C. Havens. E. A. Heron, W. F.
Kelly, S. J. TayV>r. W. H. Martin,
George Sterlinp and J. Q. Brown.
The consolidation includes all of
thf transit company's lines and the
n«w road, which is nearing comple
tion. The Webster-street and Park
Railroad was incorporated under a
franchise granted to J. Ii. Macdonald.
It was originally controlled by Edson
Adams. The line extends from Web
eter and Fourteenth streets, through
Fourteenth to Webster, to Boulevard
terrace and across the Adams Paint
property, touching a terminus near
the junction of Pleasant Valley ave-
Eue and Lake Shore avenue. It is in
tended to give outlet to the large dis
trict included within the Adams es
tate holdings north of Lake Merritt
and contiguous lands in that vicinity.
Should the fc'ather property ever, be
come a public park this line would
control the travel to that location.
The consolidation means that the
new line, whlcZ&will be ready for op
t ration early in October, will be in
cluded within the transfer arrange
ments of the old company. This will
enable travelers from all parts of the
city to reach conveniently the upper
shores of Lake Merritt. .-, V,
Oakland OfSce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 29.
The Oakland Transit Consolidated
to-day absorbed the new Webster
street and P:irk Railroad and reor
ganized the new corporation under
the title of th.> Oakland Traction Con
solidated, with a capital stock of
$7,0&0,000. Articles of incorporation
were filed this afternoon with the
County Clerk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
( ! ~, 1016 Broadway, Sept. 29.
"Guilty as charged" was th© verdict
rendered this afternoon * by a jury In
Judge Hall's court, which had before it
evidence in the case of "Walter O'Gara,
a youth accused of perjury. Five hours
were spent by counsel in introducing
evidence yesterday, and nearly as much,
time was taken by lawyers to-day In
making their arguments, but the jury
required only ten minutes In which to
frame a verdict.
O'Gara was charged with misrepre
senting his wife's age when he pro
cured a marriage license from Deputy
County Clerk Hanley several month*
ago. He. brought Miss Mary Dunning
from San Francisco to this city, and
swore that she was 18 years of , age.
contrary to the fact. His defense was
that he supposed the girl to be of age.
Hev was arrested a month -after the
marriage. . The bride's parents vio
lently opposed the match.
O'Gara was obliged to admit on the
witness stand that he had once been
convicted of a felony. Four years ago
he was sentenced to a term in San
Quentin. The parents of Ella Jessie,
a young girl of Alameda, charged him
with a serious offense, and his convic
tion followed. He was out on parole
when he met and married Mary Dun
ning.
According to the story Carter told
Justice Edgar, Mrs. Hardigan, who is
a dressmaker, came over from her
home at Seventeenth and Folsom
streets, San Francisco, yesterday ' to
wreak vengeance for some fancied in
sult. On her way down the street Mrs.
Hardigan filled her apron - full of
stones, evidently preparing for a bom
bardment When she got In front of
the Carter home she began to fling her
ammunition vigorously.
That Mrs. Hardigan is the one
woman who can throw a stone straight
Carter is willing to declare on his oath.
He says every stone she hurled hit a
window, with the result that in a lit
tle while there were no more panes in
the front windows of the house. It
was useless to try to prevent* the de
struction and the bombardment con
tinued until the Hardigan rock supply
was exhausted.
Following a family quarrel that re
sulted In the smashing of all the win
dows on the front of his house, Charles
C. Carter of 1622 Todd street swore to
a complaint to-day before Justice of
the Peace Edgar charging his sister
in-law, Airs. Mary Hardlgan, with ma
licious mischief. Mrs. Hardigan disap
peared after the row, but a constable
is on her trail and he expects soon to
have her in the clutches of the law.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
• 2148 Center street, Sept. 29.
W. H. and Lydia J. Pennle (wtfa) to Dor
cas Campbell (single), lot 6, map- of Lori 3
Villa Tract. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Transit Consolidated (corporation)
to California Gas and Electric Corporation, lot
on N line of Cornwall street. 130. M B of Shat
tuck avenue. E 50 by N 100. lot 18, mao of
McElrath Tract. Oakland; $10.
Katherine L. Henley (widow) to JVednrtck
and Marie Vergnes, lot on SW corner of Uni
versity avenue and Seventh street. S 150, W
120. N 60. E 70. N 100. E CO. lota 5. 8 and
portion of lot 4. block 86. Slsterna Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Michael Devln (by R. M. FltzgwaM, attor
ney). George and Nellie M. Schmidt (wife)
to Walter A. Gompertz (single), subdivision 21
and 2fi, subdivision of map of lots 1 to 4,
Peralta Park. Berkeley: $10.
Calvin S. and Mary I* Wtnchell to Joseph
and Betsy Borden • Rust, lot on- W line of
Ellis street. 39:3 N" of Mason. N 38 by W 120,
portion of lot 80, block 11. Itegent-str«et Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Mary T. McCarthy (widow) to United State*
Bond Corporation of San Francisco, lot on W"
line of Second avenue. 100 N of Summer. -V
CO by W 100. lot 60. map Lockslay Square,
Oakland; $16i
Emma O. and Charles F. Jlentz to Benja
min Franklin Brunk. lot on NW corner of
Bancroft way and Mary street. W 130 by N
50. lot 12. block 11, McGee Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
Nellie V. Wilson (Brown) to Eherldan J.
Gates, lot 1. block P. map No. 3. Koberta and
Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah L. Daniels (widow) (Sarah P. LJllle,
to M. S. Barnard, lot on S line of Francisco
street, 2S0 E of McGee. E 80 by 8 133:4fi,
block 3. map State University Hom«stead
Association No. 4, Berkeley; grant.
Ferdinand Fonnhals * (as executor es
tate of Charles Stedman) to Ttllto Adams
(wife of Charles). lot on N Una of Paclflo ave
nue, 28:7 B of St. Charles, E 23 by N 123.
lot 2 and portion of lot 1. block O, ™« g 244,
lots in Paste Tract. Alameda: $10.
Henry C. Canfleld to Anne M. Canfletd
(wife), lot on N line of Fourteenth street. 50
W of Jefferson. W 25 by N 103:0. portion of
lot 8, block 255. Casserly Tract at City Hall.
Oakland; also all interest In lot oa W Una of
Myrtle street, 215 N of Eighteenth. N 37.50 by
W 123, block 614, Boardman'a znapw Oakland:
rift.-
Albert F. and Mar?- Connett fwtf») to Giu
seppe Vlganego, lot on NE line of Grant ave
nue (now Thirty-seventh street), 572:6 SE of
Telegraph avenue. SB 37:8 by NB .115. • lot
72 and XE }£ .of lot 72 »a. amended, map of
Mosswood Tract. Oakland; $10.
L.. L. and Olive M. Dennett to O. McHenry,
lot on NE corner of First and Brush streets.
N 100 by E 125. lots 1 to 4, 27 and 23. block
1. Kellersberger's map. Oakland: $10.
Henry Fraait to Hanaafc Cook, .executor of
estate ot. Moses J. Frank, lot 6. block 7. lots
13 to 25. block 35, lota 1 to D, block 23. San
Antonio. Eaat Oakland;- also lota 1& to la.
block tti lot 13t blook IS. lots 5. 18. IT, Is.
block 18, lots 1. 2. 3. block 14. lets 7 t»
13. block 4tJ, and block 48, East Oakland;
also lot besinalns at tine drawa parallel wita
Washington o/^East Tweirtn street and BO S
from. S line said street and eMendimr
from said line 50 SW . from S Ua* Of said
"Washington or East Tw«ltth Into "wbat is
known, and called San Antonio- Bay.', t*-ir.-c
rear pirtion of blocks 1 to 4, East Oakland;
also strip 37:6 wide alone entire E side of
block L'J. East Oakland; - also lot beffinnln^
at SB corner of lot 9. block 60, thence alons
XU line of Washington or Cast Twelfth street.
SE 37:5 by K£ ZOO, East Oakland;, also lot
on SW corner of lot 9, block «U. thenc* alons
NE line of East Fourteenth street. S£ i0;»i.
KE 30O, NW 37:6. SW 300. East Oakland;
also lot - beginning at SW corner of lot &.
block. 62. thence alonj N'2 linn of Fifteenth
street. SE 37 :d by NE 300. East Oakland:
also lot beginning at SE corner of lot $. block
63, thence alone NE line of Sixteenth
street. SE 37 :« by NB 300. East Oakland; also
lot beginning at SE corner, of lot 0, "block rC>.
thence along NE line of Nineteenth street.
SE 37:t» by NE 300. East Oakland; also lot
bezlnntnx at SE corner of lot 0, block tit...
thence along J»E line of Twentieth street.
SE 37:8 by NE 300, East Oakland; also lot
7, block 13. lots 1 and 7. block 3,. block 2.
lot 7. block 1. all abova described property
on map of Town of San Antonio (recorded
Sept. :». '04). East Oakland; $10.
Franklin Dlvoll to Ella C. dckerson (wlf*
of George A. Dickerson) lot on NW line of
Fifth avenue. 75 NE of Eaat Tenth street.
NE 25 by NW 115. block 22. Clinton (recorded
September 2S. 1904). Eaat Oakland. Quitclaim
deed; $10.
Thomas W. Stokes to Ann A. Bentin. lot
on N line of Twenty- fourth street, 50 E of
Linden N 101 by E 33:4. Oakland; $10.
FJEAX. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY, SEPT. 29.
F6r Fancied Insult Mrs.
3fary Hardigan Bombards
Home of Her Relatives
Accusation Is Believed by
Men Who Were Chosen to
Sift Evidence Submitted
NEW NAME SELECTED
Absorbs the Adams Point
Line and Renews Its Be
ing as Oakland Traction
SHE SPREADS TERROE
CHAEGE AGAINST YOUTH
Transit Company Takes
Over the Webster -Street
Road and Keincorporates
Charles C. Carter Wants
Sister -in -Law Punished
for the Breaking of Glass
Effect of Jury's Verdict
Upon Walter CTGara in
Peculiar Perjury Trial
CONSOLIDATED
REORGANIZES
PANES SMASH
AT EVERY HIT
LOSES BRIDE,
FACES PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 190*.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery Makes Eloquent Speech,
High. Pontifical Mass ~ Is Then Celebrated and Fran
ciscans See Structure Blessed Under Pleasing, Auspices
WITH ELOQUENCE AND DEVOTION
HOME OF MONKS IS DEDICATED
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
', FREE "'' ' n '^FJREE^ l \'^_ '*' FREE J
l r: T':;r imaple^ :" • •¦ -":.
¦ ' •"•'¦ fMV ' t \rrvv vs - tJ>tt T-SXRUP:
:ir^"H:^SMade"lfwn?S«lecte<J $&&$
¦V ERMONT MAPLE SUGAR;-?
¦A% Can of : : thi» *¦ Incomparabli
,Sjrup FREE vith Want Adi.-: .;
¦Jj: to; gUMPAY-.CiMjU'vpyP''
S««- Anapua««m«rit oa ClasatAe^
AD\TERTISE3IEyT3. . .
ECZEMA
sufferer*. read'wKJat^V.'V
and GLYCOZONE have done for a
celebrated journalist in ' one ... we«k.
PraC Ch«rie» Mtrcti»n«1. ; . ;* ', , -^'iv^-^i^ 1 f
Deor JSirt One week's treatment With jreur Hydro." -
zone -n j Glytotone aatt%\f reHsvedl but »b««a»cl/'
rooted out a condition ,/frcjtip«Uiithis *cwl«2*»3
perplexed me ijt the past us vaar*. Yauri varr truly,'
Jersey licw.Td.Jr:, 150 Uasiau St., S.Y.
Free trial bottle* of Mydrozono and
Glycozone sent on receipt of 35c to -pay' '-.
expressase. Thesepr»p«r*tion«»Te.hann-'
less.yet powerful germicid«s,.used by lead. ¦
la» physidias. Sold bybtstpirugfiftt. '
61-O Prlaco St., NetrTofk.
eeadforbockldhtnt to pretcnt and curt disease. ':
atoOlPf re w women
•¦ ¦ — T~:^f^ {?R^S^iS^«S?^« &££?¦ ,:¦ " ' indescribable'; fear, for
Vii M&Smi^imJ3 §£"B?& nothing .com pares with
MM BWHmB B FTB fE-Snh ¦¦.tbe.vpain and horror of
•^r-:V.#-"-S^: — ¦ -^-^^%ld.birth. The thought
of the auffenng and danger in* store" foe ber ! ' roba the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations, of tJbe coming event, and casts over her, a
; Shadow of- glo^m. which ; cannot bo shaken- off. Thousands of women
¦ have found that the;use:of Mother^s" Ff tend during pregnancy. rob*
Z confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
: >anU^child:; % V;TW8 : Kientific liniment ; ia agbd-6end to all women at the
r'time; s of, their, mbst^ : - critical ¦ tiial. Not only does Mother's Friend
'carry.' women' safely' through,-; the perils of child-birth, bat its use
gently prepares. the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
r ?S .
•comfoW,of: : thi|Vr*nod. SUSB itHb'TFilJI EF*E^9&&
: soid°by aii druggist* *t BWMRM B insigLEm £b
$1.00 per tottl*. Book T- M m . ;^™" ¦ ** .
containing y^luable information l»ee. £f£*H£!!&ff&E^MkMi!t^ ]
TheBfadfie(dBe S yUtorCo..AllMl^6fc B BlkMBLBW B-E-
BKAJNTH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ATiAlfEDA COUNTYc
OAKIiAXD. -.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
LLERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xortb T7« ,
AJLAMED-*.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.¦ Poor ¦Health."." . .
.. '¦ BERLIN, ; Sept. 29.-4contrary to
the. reports circulated" in A the ".United
State's v by • a news i agency ? yesterday.
Emperor "William ? ; . is ¦ described - by
members ' of } his suite; as - bein g in . per
'f ect* health and as - speaking; in 1 a ' clear
and ! natural. voice.' , s •. '¦ ¦
Members of - His Siilte Deny the • Re
. . .port Tbat" German Ruler 'Is 'In-
E3IPEROR WILLIAM'S VOICE .
IS CLEAR AND. NATURAL
Alderman Pound ,wlll .succeed Sir
Thomas Ritchie as fLord Mayor.
Pound Is head ;of; the firm of John
Pound. & Co.. and was selected Alder
man of Aldgrate ward in 1892. He is
past' master -of. the Leather Sellers'
company,, past master of the Fanmak
ers* company.; and past, master of the
Fruiters' company. " •
LONDON". Sept' 29.— Alderman
John Pound, chairman of the London
General . Omnibus' Company, limited,
was to-day chosen Lord Mayor of Lon
don for the ensuing, year. .He was
born In 1829. /. ¦--..'
President of Omnibus Company: Suc
ceeds to the Position Occupied
by Ritchie.
ALDERMAX POUND CHOSEN
*.^-"-= . LORD MATOR OP IiONDOX
More liberties For Russian Jews.
VELMA, Russia, Sept., 29.— By
virtue of the Emperor's ukase extend
ing: the privileges of residence to cer
tain classes of Jews within the pale,
the police have received instructions
hereafter not ' to expel Jewish work
men from villages in which they have
taken ud their residence since 1882.
NAP A, Sept. 28. — Warrants were sworn out
to-day for B. Brovelli and Montague Do*
charged by C. Ferrer! with threatening to kill
him. Ferrerl. states that on Monday the two
5££23 SCffi; the Central h-w »«•«*
Third — We- condemn with all the emphasis
which not only the dictates of the natural
law, but the instincts moreover of Catholic faith
Itself put upon the action of a clique Inspired
by the secret societies in exiling and.persecut
ing the religious orders and communities of
men and women, whose only crime was they
had made a , sacrifice - of their whole selves,
their belongings, their faculties and their very
lives to the interests of charity. »f education
and of " th« commonwealth of their native
land. May the Divine Helmsman, whom we
to-day In deepest adoration hall as our Euchar
istic King, rise up again and say, as he once
said to the storms and waves: "Peace. Be
Btui." '- -'V-v"'";;'--^
S Second — We. the children oT the church and
loyal • ministers and dispensers of her mln-.
ietrles. sympathize aeeply with our much
tried brethren across the water, whose glori
ous record for so long ha» been "gesta del per
Frances," and we assure her bishops, priests
and people that we are heart and soul with
them In their battle for right, truth and
civilization. ' .
First — We tender our holy Father. Pope
Plus X. our reverential recognition and pro
found admiration of his apostolic stand In
favor of true human liberty and essential hu
man rights as against the behests and threats
of an Infidel faction that has for the time
being possessed itself of the government of a
once-Catholic nation and a sister republic. '
The third Eucharistic Congress of the Unit
ed States, having in view recent events In
France affecting religion and liberty, decides
to put itself on record by the following resolu
tions: .
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— More than a
thousand Roman Catholic ecclesiasts
from all parts of the country, attend
ing as delegates the third general Eu
charistic Congress, were present .to-day
at St: Patrick's Cathedral. The con
gress, without a dissenting voice,
adopted the following:
BOSTON, Sept. 29.— After allowing
time "for the commuidations in "the
Phelps-Gurney case to reach Washing
ton, Governor Bates to-day made pub
lic previous letters bearing on the sub
ject. Tho Governor Informed the State
Department that the Judgment against
j Third Secretary Gurney of the British
Embassy has been vacated and the
fines imposed remitted. He says that
Judge Phelps had expressed regret -to
the secretary by letter, a copy of which
he forwarded together with a f state
ment by Judge Phelps. Governor Bates
suggests that the attention of the Brit
ish Embassador be called to the breach
; ol the laws of Massachusetts under the
belief that the Emba&sador will take
such action as the case may demand.
The Governor also expresses regret
that want of knowledge of the law has
resulted in an error of judicial author
ity in Massachusetts, and expresses
the hope that the statement of regret
by Judge Phelps may be recognized as
a conclusive disapproval of any Inten
tion of Massachusetts courts to Ignore
International law.
The statement of Justice Phelps is an
elaboration of the facts in the case
briefly set forth in the letter of Gov
ernor Bates to the State Department.
The statements made by Gurney be
fore the court, Justice ' Phelps says,
were of such character, as to appear to
be a manifest and intentional defiance
of judicial authority and to be, as he
believed and found, in contempt - of
court. He proceeded, he said, in ignor
ance of the usages of international /IaV
and of the provision of the Federal
statutes, the question never before
having come before the court, nor was
it so presented to him as to advise him
of his error in? the premises. The ac
tion of the court, Justice Phelps de
clares, was inspired wholly and abso
lutely by a purpose to enforce the lav»,
and * for the protection of human lite
endangered by the conduct of Gurney
as established by the evidence present
ed to him. The letter* of Judge Phelos
lo Third Secretary Gurney follows:
¦ . ' LEE, Mass., Sept. ,23* 19^4.
Hon Hush Gurney. Third Secretary to His
Britannic Majesty, Lenox,- Mass. — Sir: As
Justice • of the Lee Police Court, I find occa
sion to express my profound regret '¦' that,
through a misapprehension of the law, I as
sumed that 'the court had jurisdiction over
the person of a member , of the Kmbaesy of
the British Government Having become ap
prised of this error and seeking to make 'all
possible reparation therefor, the court has va
cated • and ¦ annulled all proceedings taken In
the . matter of the complaint against yourself
and the erroneous Judgment entered thereon.
I- beg' further, to "express my profound per
sonal regret that I shduld . have been, -without
Intentional error, the cause of your own per
sonal vexation and annoyance, or that anything
should have ¦ occurred which may ha^e seemed
to be. though not so In fact. a. want of respect
for' the rlgnts of a. representative of tho gov
ernment of his Britannic; Majesty. "Respect
fully. HENRY C. PHElf S,
Justice of the Lee Court.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— Governor
Bates' report,' as; published, was re
ceived at! the^ State. Department this
afternoon and was immediately . given
a careful perusal by the officials.
It .was found scarcely to' meet ¦¦, the
needs of the department, because ; it
does not set: out the details of the Lee
affair, : which are required to make out
a legal presentation of the case.'There
f ore - the :-; department ; • has . decided :>to
await rthe } report ' which * is expected ; to
be , forthcoming ' in the Department ; of
Justice ¦ oh 1 this ';. subject i in the course
Cruiser Baltimore Passes Messina.
MESSINA. Sicily. Sept. 29.— Tha
United States cruiser Baltimore passed
here to-day, going south. The Balti
more is bound from Genoa to Port
Said.
Treatment o£~€lerg-y Made
Subject of - " liesoliitions
- by Eucharistic Congress
Justice Plielps Admits His
Mistake and l*emits the
Fine Imposed on, Gurney
. "There is no danger of an overturn
ing of prosperity because of revolu
tions or internal dissension," the Min
ister added. "The Peruvians have a
particular liking for the United Sta\es
and much admiration for the Presi
dent.
"Dr. Jose Pardo, who was inaugu
rated President of Peru last Saturday,
was the president of the cabinet under
President Candamo, who died in May.
Dr. Pardo told me recently that he had
two great aims for his country-^-one
the increasing of railways and the
other means of communication; this
other the providing of better educa
tional facilities in every town, and par
ticularly the providing of teachers who
had a broad, liberal education, teachers
who had been educated here where
possible.
"The United States stands second as
to commerce wth Peru, and it is gain-
Ing In amount of business transacted
all the time. Large amounts of Ameri
can capital are being invested there
and the business men of Peru welcome
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Conditions In
Peru, political and industrial, were
never- more favorable than now, ac
cording to Irving B. Dudley, the Amer
ican Minister to that country, who has
just returned to spend a few weeks at
his home in California. Toward the
United States there is an especial feel
ing of good will, he says. Commerce
with this country, already cine of Pe
ru's largest interests, is steadily on the
increase.
FRANCE SCORED
BY CATHOLICS
APOLOGY MADE
BY THE COURT
of a day or two. When the Governor's
letter is thus supplemented the State
Department will prepare a communica
tion to the British Embassador, em
bodying therein only so much of Gov
ernor Bates' report as it may deem
expedient. This will be in the nature
of a reply to the complaint made by
Mr. Raikes, the* British Secretary of
Embassy, and while expressing regret
at the occurrence, will present a sober
statement of facts and the testimony
adduced to show that Secretary Gur
ney did violate the local laws.
LENOX, Mass., Sept. 29.— Sir Morti
mer Dufand, the British Embassadox.
said to-nifeht that he had not received
from Washington the communication
sent to the State Department by Gov
ernor Bates concerning the Gurney
case. The F.mbaasador declined to
make any statement or comment on
the matter in the absence of the official
correspondence. Ue expects to receive
the documents to-morrow morning, at
which time he will probably give out a
statement.
Irving Dudley, the Ameri
can Minister, on Way Home
to California, Tells of Land
PERU'S FORTUNE
AT HIGH TIDE
That night there was Joy in police
quarters, while Rocchigiani, unsuspect
ing, planned his future with his fiancee.
The next evening also found him en
gaged ln v the same pleasant occupation,
which was so engrossing that they did
not hear a ring at the front door bell.
The courtship was suddenly interrupt
ed by a gruff voice saying, "I arrest
you in the name of the law." Enrico
jumped as though shot, and the police,
thinking he was trying to escape,
seized him, whereupon a struggle en
sued, while his fiancee fainted.
Signorina Bianci Mascagnl, to whom
Rocchigiani was engaged, was a* poor
spirited creature. "Don't arrest. me,
don't arrest me," she whimpered. "I
know nothing," was her continual cry,
until, hard pressed, she confessed that
her lover had given her $3000, which
was In the bank, a fact that the police
had never suspected.
Th» triumphant authorities ran to the
jail, and bursting into Rocchiffiani's
cell, cried, "We have you now. How
about the $3000 you handed over to
Signorina Mascagnl?" With a gesture,
of despair Rocchigiani hid his face in
his hands, refusing to answer any
questions. '. .
The next morning when the guard
opened the door of the photographer's
cell, he stumbled against a heavy ob
ject, which swung out as he touched
it. The stark form' Of. Rocchigiani,
clad only in his night clothes,, hung
from a hook over ! the door,- with | his
sheet as a rope. In his convulsively
closed fingers was a slip of paper, on
which he had laboriously written with
a burnt match: "I am Innocent. Search
for the guilty and when you find. them
you will not touch them,. they are too
high. I die because a woman has.be
trayed me." . , r ; V';-i i
Enrico Rocchigiani, the photographer,
had also, like Father Castelli, been
showing too much money. Until not
long ago he could scarcely make a liv
ing, when suddenly— as it seemed— he
had plenty of means and talked of
marrying. Being enterprising, he
brought out a postcard of the stolen
cope and gained considerably by it. One
fell into the hands of the police and a
bright officer at once exclaimed: "But
how is that! The cope had only been
photographed once before it disappear
ed and this is not a reproduction of
that picture, so the cope must have
been photographed after It was stolen!"
DIES BY HIS OWN HAND.
Raffaele left he said, "I am innocent,
never believe anything else and I will
live to prove it. Keep up heart and be
lieve in me." The sister, in a delicate
condition, fell into convulsions.
Father Raffaele at first abandoned
himself to despair In his prison cell, but
his religic-n came to his aid and in the
morning he was calmer. Some days
later he was released "for want of suffi
cient evidence." but he is changed past
recognition. An old man at twenty
eight, he feels himself under a ban and
his only desire is to go among strangers
who do not kr*ow his story.
We have converted our picture room
Into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion of moderate priced oil paintings, wa
ter colors, pastelR. etchings and fine pho
tographs. The public is cordially invit
ed to call and examine this exhibit
¦whether wishing to buy or not. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
A Beautiful Art Gallery.
"But why?. Of what am I accused?"
"Of knowing more than you ought
about the cope."
The scene that followed was uncom
monly painful. To be even accused of
crime Is considered a mortal disgrace
by the Castelli family. At last the
•¦".irbineers, and the young priest him
self, cut the scene short as the only
thing to do and the dungeon door closed
for the first time on a CastellL As Don
The Italian police were at once roused
by the news from England and, follow
ing ittle clews, fastened their suspi
ciotih on two persons. Father Kaffaele
Cartelli. who, at the time of the steal
ing, belonged to the Cathedral of As
c-oli. and Enrico Rocchigiani, a photog
rapher of Vc-lterra. The priest was ac
cused bemuse he seemed to have been
Requiring property which the police
thought he should be too poor to" pay
for.
The CaFtelli family is exceptionally
united and consists of a married sister,
Don Raffaele ar.d a younger brother.
One evening, recently, they were all
tranquilly sitting, enjoying the evening
nir, when suddenly the tramp, tramp
of an armed pquad was heard in the
road. Don Raffaele turned to his sister
laughingly and said, "If one had some
thing on his conscience how that sound
would make his heart beat." He had
no sooner finished speaking than eight
carbineers, with an officer, came out of
the gloom and stopped at the gate.
They came silently up to the group and
surrounded the young priest.
AltllEST OF CLERGYMAN.
"You are wanted," they said; "come
quietly and we will not make a scan
dal."
ROME. Sept. 29.— Not long ago Eng
land and the United States were much
Interested in the marvelously beautiful
antique cope was to be seen In
Pierpont Morgan's art collection, ex
hibited at the ,£outh Kensington Mu
seum in London- No sooner was the
precious relic exhibited in London than
it was recognized as the one stolen two
y^ars ago from the Cathedral of As
coli, Italy. The cope is priceless. It
orifrir.aMy belonged to Pope Nicholas
III, and "sas presented by Nicholas IV
to the cathedral.
Special Cable to The Call t*j4 New York
Herald. Copyright. 19C1. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
FAMOU8 RELIC WHICH "WAS *
STOLEN FROM THE CATHOLIC
CATHEDRAL AT ASCOLi
Life of Priest Unjustly Accused of Stealing Priceless Cope
Is Wrecked, and an Innocent Photographer Arrested
as an Accomplice Commits Suicide While in Prison
TRAGEDY FOLLOWS THEFT OF RELIC
FROM GRAND CATHEDRAL OF ASCOLI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30,. 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Qfl Watches
CASE— Open-face, thin
model. . .
Solid i4-karat Gold.
MOVEMEirr-^The re-
liable Elgin or Wal-
tham. .
All accurately timed
and ' regulated.
Bohm-Bristoi Co7
Jeweler* and ""
Bllversmitha .
IW-lW'Geary Street
APVEKTISEMEXTS.
-"-*-•— __ _ - _. X:- .
Let^YourHusl)«hd Carry flieHod
— -die Coal hod. IKs no
occupation foiv a Vom'aiio
60 per cent Ujte
cheaper. thaiicoar^Wffi|
% \and doctor>iHs.
BuyaGasRangcFrom
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
415 POST STREET. .
Three of
a Kind
Beats many other combinations and the three
famous trains of the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
1 1 U III™ U B p^8^
Offer an excellence in service and equipment not
obtainable elsewhere. The Overland Limited to
Chicago, via dmaha. The. Pioneer Limited, St. Paul
to. Chicago. The Southwest Limited, Kansas City
to Chicago. Only $72.50 to Chicago and return.
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20,26, 27. Return limit, 90 days.
. Through trains at 10 a. m. and 6 p. m. . a^^&x.
Tickets 635 Market Street, San Francisco.
THJF EMPORIUM. ;_| THE* EMPORIUM. — THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
. ; — ¦ ¦ ... ...... ..,¦.,..-.¦.¦. -- v< '¦ • ~ — - ..i -. .
S A Cabinet Size Piatino Photograph Free
I The New Batiste \ Wi { h s j> r 2 |rlfs suit , 2f cloak sold A Very Unusual
* w fl fSr«ris in our Juvenile Department, second floor, we will Ribbon Sale
I ."•¦¦¦¦••r'Tp present absolutely free of charge an order' on Bush- To-Day and Saturday :
I [. Women's Suits neWs for a Piatino photo of yourself or some mem- A r e « offering of piain and fancy ;
k * SIS Sti ber of your family. Platinos are the highest £rade photos known novelties— latin liberties, satin taffe-
jj V—' *%*%* in photography. Bushnell's makes splendid PJatinos. These »». P'*"» taffetas, fancy satins and
* ' T1 > e newba- are in their best style. Full particulars in the department. uffcta ? and war P P rints « divided into ;
* y4^8l^^b tistc wa ' lts> as - tW ° seeing:
* ca,hmere, alba- %^OJre w GGW IT Si MS &LMBU WW MMSMGr £*¥*§§*& pretty shades of pink, bine, mais '
i . Wf ' £5KftS for Younu Folks ¦ . red - ro^^ dio - lwend^ oId ;
- J^^yH^. 1 nel«, are win- ";^f ****mmmg m w«»w^ rose, tnd white grounds, with fig- ]
S ¦ st'^jfc'^**^^ ning many new New Juvenile Department— Second Floor , , ures and stripes, 50c values, for -
K ffiMk i° 0$M& da JtOmC Th e ese The Emporium Juveni.e Department leaped into instant popularity— the two days, yard. . . . 25c
'V «J« if I W j^t, are Vn- especially popular is this section with mothers of both girls and boys. No Lot 2 — 5-inch Warp Prints, pink. ;
$ n » « l\ III 1 tlrcly new » not more 8no PPJng all about town for them, or even in different parts of the blue, red and white groand, 4-inch
$ I • Sdr %&<&\- 1 'I \ an oW numbcr store - They take the elevator direct to the new Juvenile, seat themselves Novelty Stripes, 6-inch black and '
} ,U I ¦ ¦'HFi^o? j \'Ar \ among th?m,- beside a table in a com f ortable chair and select for all of the children without itirring. white and red and white Polka
/SjDS^ti *%* G°°« Girls' Winter i ZS^?^%^ \
f' niww ofl Clothes $4.00 Dresses—Coats worth fro-m 3 oc to 45C a yard. «n :
* H ¦ I'x (jm^'^//^i Cotton Etamine This assort&icnt includes garments GMs' Plaid Dresses — For ages 6 to 14 marked for the two days . . t5o !
* W^^kJiiillll/l/f/Jwyk WB — * n of various kinds for boys 2l4 to 16 years, bius or brown plaid, waitt effects, fo'l —^^"— r*— — — — i—
% lff/// //( 7OT.. plated X""' We positively guarantee that Tont, wlid yrge yoke and belt, wide lapel^ Safe Children's
\ r^ar\- 'iJ y/ * tures, pleatea ' . r j ¦. o tr.mracd m fancy narrow braids . . Sim25 o « *%*%
t <F\S nK~ their like cannot be found, e.sewhcre G rls' Scotch Plaid Dr«scs-In long wabt ef- ShOCS 98O
i •.;!)'. -f; .. _ ~V -:¦'.. &9U a: the prices. 'Our money-back guar- fccts, tnmmrd with stitched ttrap« and bras* Child's Vici Kid Biucher Lace Shoes, ;
Another clersr style Etamine Waist— antee is brhin I this Statement. button?, all sizei SfmSO w hh patent leather tips, fail round <
i Iph -,--. -. . . ..... . suss Sai , or Suits _ For 6 g Io yearJi wlth |"S55S55Sf2te .:t. b r«; 's&$»gs». •?'"* «* »«• ;
k « N:w Lawn Wai«s— Worth ug, to gi.oo: Eton collars and extra whi:e linen bradsand burtens, rzes 6 to 14 y:t.$1.75 $ to 8, to-day and Saturday
f .• v;ry «p:cial . . . ... . . . $1.18 collar and bojmer panU, fin: rerge or Fancy Sergi Dre»ses— In red, brown or nary, only S80 «
t Tricot Flannel Wa'sH—Three pleats extind cheviotjn navy blue} a!so a*Jgf%£% fu.l blouse effect, biihop tleevei, fancy braid Children's and Misses' Box Caif Lace
i -down each side of front; oth^n ask $1.85, fancy mixtures ..... &*&*UU and button trimmed, a!l .izei. . $2.Z5 Shoes, medium heavy, with good. !
\ < out prce . . «# 9t% d.,..;,. «,,{r« Of pood «erpr* and All-Wool StTtt Dresses— In red, brown or «, ««.« um u«,jr, "'""f™ 1
I -;.? rprce 9UZS Russian Suits— U* good .erges and long 5 wlist ,tyle, tucked v<Ae, with thick sole, spring heel, luitable for
* Rari«tp r«hm>rf ami IWnKiir W,!.h v .~. chev.ots; navv, royal and brown; a'fo nobby 7 ' 6 „ .,..*,,, ¦ »t
= -uanste re ana Moftair Waists- V^ry • » - , ; ' ' prettv sto c collar, trimmed with black and WCt weather wear:
f ¦ pretty, noth,n R in town to match them «**$ AU^^g^^^n braid, a., sizes . . . . S2.BO ,, 5 o .«« f 9 «, „) . . $ U1S
\ ' ¦* * ' S2.45 s!zcs 2^ to 7 yMr! . . . . $4.00 Glrs . J Su»P«ider Dress - All-wool shepherd gl . 7S ,bes (i,# to 2) . St. 23
k />.»• <*f9 nn r*~~* o »# - . T ,. , , , plaid skirt and susp:nd:n, th: waist and sleeves «• < ¦¦ ¦
J Our 512. 5O Coat-SuitS TwO-PieCC Suits — With doube feat of red s.-rge,. a very dressy little garment SalcGIOVBS
i AnO MarVClotMS Values 'and knee pants; will give about th: wear of for . S3 .50 JU%*% HSnrl OK«
i 517.50 would be little enough to «k for th- lw#ordina .7 str . on -« h "y. v chevIots . in Also a lar Z e assortment of dresses in ¦W'UG Mlii7U
t three sty'e, coat-walking «it that we o£ P»«y P !aid. .nd mature., .,«, 7 ta 16 every stylish winter material, in Women's •* and % clasp openwork j
;• at twelve-fifty. ,Were we to buy these in y ' ' -«Z*-mVU /Russian blouse, Buster Brown, lisle thread gloves, in grays and fast i
i the regular way 5 17. 50 would have to be ThrCC-PlCCC Suits— For the boys up sailor, suspender and long or short bl ac k, sizes 5^ to* 7; the balance of a ',
i our price, but our guarantee to the maker to 16 yeari, all-wool cheviott, in fast color waist effects, at fj.QO, $7.50, fS.JO, jobb:r*t importation for this season; worth "
\ touseaccrtatnlargequantityenab.es us to navy blue, and a dozen styles in neat mix- $IO.OO and $12.50. . , . 40c a pair; on special sale to-day and Sat- '
> sellthem at this small figure. PnttUy cures. . . . . .,. $4.G J Advance novelties in missa' and chiUren'i nrday— if quantity tuts— pair .. . 2SC '
i piped or velvet trimmtd worsteds or ch:v- /w»..,.«,,t« «nrf P»/»f o^« For the hov« dreisc * ani CoatS » in lty:eS and moit] * that - — —^^— — —^— — — — J
* ioL in black, blue or brown $12.50 ° VCr / COatS , 2Uld R«J« rs — t ? T thC bo y* are copied from grown-up people's; pretty red RiHJV Salg*
. lots, m buck, d ue or brown . &14.5U z>i to l6 year3? 8uch as Ru$$un coatSt a^ Mvy .^^.^ and fcncy m ;^ rar^ b UUU ©r 03/0 ]
Second floor, Front. * to 8 years, reefers 3 to 12 yearj, ani Ion: all s-«s, from 8 to 14 years, priced GrOCCrWS, LiqUOrS, CtC. ]
{ ' ove:coat»for the br g :r boys, aii at 54. (/O from S13.5O to $ia, so To- Day and Saturday \
\ Sale of Belts Children's Hose I Ladies' Walking F ™~BMe™&*™i*™Z \
' SOC Sfvfes 3Rt* 14C Pair TO-Day HatS 95C rcg.si/.esquares/ortheidays^Oc 2
, «#Vb vijrifrS «9OU Mothers of rest ess boys and gir.s who Lidiej f Scra-ch Felt Walking Hat», bound with FanCV Assorted CakeS \
' WMMse§*MEM »=» h ° : « i ». th - s :" ii "8> i ° i - ng^'SssiSiiffeSs; &&*:««**«*.»,*». \
\ -^^^^^P^^^^^^^fe**. l a y . UmC W especially brm3 _ _ _ $1.25 cocoanut wafers or animals, per J
{ pleaded with this offer. Children's Children'j Untrmmed Hats-In b:«, brown pound 12%O j
\ i* r^' ""^^^U IXI ribbed fast-biack 'cotton hose, and reJ, stretched felt, with three rows of SWISS CHeOSDp ¦
[ doub]: htc<! ani "'"' an exce P tional y stitchinT . . . 95c HerHna — Lar g« Miichners, 7 -!
'. good 25c stocking; siz;s 5 to 9|< inch, to- P:mpons — In colors 25U c u Off "
* '" day and Saturdav ony, pair. .... 14-O Othtrs 45a to 65O ••• ••• ••• *ZOO •
fi Ladies' Glace and Chiffon Taffeta Silk Belts,. 1k «H0i Lard— Best Eastern, 5-Ib pails . . . . 33o j
\ trimmed wi:h crochet rings and buttons; gilt >^^ Ss* F £.' * McDraycr Whiskey — Bottle 75c \
\ '• and gun metal buckles; colors black, white, &?</i%Pf // *-rf / f//^f^jllI.fff HdcK White Wine— Gallon 45c ]
', green, blue^ red and brown; very stylish and M M %*^%^MMWvW%l'm / &04£\^. Gtafler Ale— Imperial, dozen 80 O \
\ worth 50c each; to-day and Saturday (if CAUFORNiASLARGEST-^y^,^^,^^.^"" "^=^- Canadian Club Whiskey — Bottle . .$1.10 )
quantity last*). . . . . . . .; . . . 38c "'^j^^^^ 1^ 1 amlmcvs grandest stqrs ¦ Port or Sherry (5 ye*") — Gallon. . . 55o ]
AD\TEntTISOIEXTS.
CASTOR i A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Signature of L&^/yff&ZijUA:
*hwPeaTtatrai3ltseU- .
T*> aiso carry a full line of society «U-
tlooery. •T7--'\. ¦
100 c«JUnr cards,, printed. fl.OO
Entraved cards, per 100. 93.OO -i\'
Daylight loading films, - cameras and
photo paper. • -
Large .variety of California -.souvenir*.
Mall " orders 'promptly filled.' -
THAT MAN; PITTS;
K. W., PITTS. The Stationer.-.
1008 UATRKTT" STREET. Opp. Tilth.
- y' ¦¦ . •: ¦•" SAN*FRANCISCO.-.. . , '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASTRACHAN
JACKETS
$35:22 to $125^9
Down to the minute in
style-
Beautiful to the
eye -
Comfortable— ¦
Foil of long, satisfactory
service-
Best* Astrachan jackets in the city at
their prices. > v
What* more can you ask? ¦
' DON'T FORGET OUB MTTMBER.PORTLAND, Or.,' Sept. 29. — The
Browns' first victory in ten games
came to-day. Butler's pitching and
timely swats by Drennan and Holland
did it. How the fans did shout in the
second, when. Rockenf eld was passed.
Beck made a single and Runkle's two
bagger sent him home. -In the; fifth
Stanley made; a bad pass and Ganley
scored. ' 'Three . innings went by.
Schlafiey missed Drennan's ; swat and
McCreedie jsacriflced.riThen Holland
crackftd one that ; went I past Graham
and rolled , through^Kruger ; to : the
score board. Meantime' Drennai^_came
inland Holland i soon?; followed; > Dev
ereaux ; singled, in! the 'ninth/ but Run
kle and- Rockenfeld smothered ; him . at
second. "'Moskiman was sent'in^ to
Holland's Timely Swat Puts Them
Into the Running.
BROWNIES FINALLY WIX OXE.
CINCINNATI, O., Sept. 29. — In the
Grand Circuit, meet at Oakley Park
to-day Major Delmar was carded to
go against the world's trotting record.
He ; did not make the attempt
on account of a strong wind.
Major Delmar and Prince Alert will
try for' records to-morrow. ;The latter,
will try to beat the • world's pacing
record of 1:66%. Summary:
2:17 class trot,' purse $1300, -three in five —
Red Lace won three straight heats in 2:13>4>
2:10 and 2:09V-. Swift B, Brown C. Wilton,
Jessie G. Ozone, Enchantress, Aylewln, Prin
cess Derby, Emily Telcher, Sybil H, Direct
Well, Alton -W,' Miss -Klnney, Little Nettie,
Skipper Tom and Winnie Right also started.
2:10 class pacing, purse $1500. three In five-
Robert Me won the second, third and ; fourth
heats. In 2:11%, 2:11% and 2:12. John Mo
won the first heat in 2:12%. Newton A. Mon
roe, Kent, Palmleaf and Precision also started.
• 2:07 class pacing, purse $1500, three In five—
Sphinx SV won the fourth, 3fth and sixth heats
In 2:OOV4, ! 2:08% and' 2:09%. Pauline G\ won
the first heat In 2:08%. Red Bird won the
second and third heats In 2:07% and 2:00%
and was 'distanced in the fourth heat. Larry
Glnter, Gentry,- Cubanola, Foxie Curd, Dry
llonopole and Nona mi e also started. "
Weather Conditions Are Unfavorable
for Major Delmar's Trial Against
the Watch.
WIND AGAIN INTERFERES
WITH ATTACK ON RECORD
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) ( (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York. .104 41 .717|New York.. 85 54 .612
Chicago ... 87 57 .U04! Boston 87 56 .608
Cincinaati . S3 61 .57C! Chicago ...84 50 .5«7
Plttsburg .. SO 61 . 567 i Cleveland ..77 62 .554
St. Louis... 71 71 .SOOfPhiladel. ..75 63 .543
Brooklyn .. 58 U3 .3S4JSt. Louis. ..63 79 .444
Boston 52 03 .209! Detroit ....57 S3 .407
Phlladel. . . 4S 98 .3-.» Wash'ton ..36 106 .254
AMERICAN LEAGUE."
DETROIT. Sept. 29. — New York regained
the lead in the American League pennant
race by reversing Wednesday's score and shut
tins out Detroit. Raymond was batted out
of the box in three Innings. Attendance,
1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit O 5 1
New York 5 9 0
Batteries — Raymond, Kitaon and Bevllle;
Powell and McManus. *
. . ST. LOUIS, Sept. S>. — By winning one game
of to-day's* double-header the Philadelphia
American League team wen the season's ju
ries with St. Louis by a score of eleven games
to ten. Murphy won the first contest by
knocking the ball into the le'-. field bleachers
tor a home run in the nevefcth inning. Glade
proved invincible for St. Louis in the second
game and the locals won easily. Attendance.
3200. Scores :
First game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 2 1
Philadelphia '1 6 0
Batteries — Morgan and Sugden; Waddell and
Schreck.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 10 1
Philadelphia 1 3 0
Batteries— Glade and Susden; Henley and
CLEVELAND, Sept. 29.— Cleveland made it
three straights from Boston to-day, sending
the Champions into second place. Attendance,
2100. Score:
R. ' H. E.
Cleveland 3 9 1
Boston 18 1
Batteries — Bernhard and Bemis; Boiling and
Crizer.
CHICAGO. Sept. 29. — To-day's game was an
other hard fought pitcher's battle. Attendance,
320O. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago '3 5 0
Washington 0 8 1
Batteries — Smith and Sullivan; Wolfe" .nd
Clarke.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 20.— The shortest game
of the year was played here to-day when St.
Louis shut out Brooklyn in one' hour and ten
minutes. Attendance, 800. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 8 2
Brooklyn O 5 1
Batteries — Nichols and Butler: Jones and
Beigen. Umpire, Zimmer.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 29.— Cincinnati and
Philadelphia broke even to-day. The locals
outtattcd the visitors in both games. Sparks,
In the second, allowing but two hits. These,
with errors, gave Cincinnati the game. Score:
- First game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 3
Philadelphia 4 9 6
Batteries — Harper and Street; Duggleby and
Roth. Umolre, Moran.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 2 1
Philadelphia 1 8 2
Batteries — Walker and Street;. Sparks and
Dooin. ¦ •
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— Chicago easily de
feated New York to-day. Attendance, 12oO.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago r....... 1 12 -2
New York 3 15 4
Batteries — Wicker, and Kline: Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpires, Carpenter and
O'Day.
BOSTON. Sept. 29.— Boston-Plttsburg gama
postponed; rain.
• m •
3Iaher Lands Rock Sand a Winner.
LONDON. _ Sept. 29. — Rock Sand,
ridden by ~Maher", the American
jockey, won the race for the Jockey
Club stakes at the first October meet
ing at the Newmarket to-day. Henry
I was second and 'William Rufus was
third. The last named horse was rid
den by Martin, the American jockey.
Ten horses started.
- The Jockey Club stakes are of 1000
sovereigns, for three-year-olds and up.
Distance one mile and three-quarters.
bat for Stark, but Butler waa there
and Moskiman. fanned. The score:
Oakland—'
Portland— AB. R, H. P.A.
AB. R. 11. P.A. Ganly. rf 4 110 0
Drnen,cf 3 112 0 Frnks.ss 4 0 111
McCde.rf 2 0 0 1 0 Dnlvy, If 3 0 1 1 O
MrshI, If 4 0 2 3 0 Schfiy,2b 4 0 13 3
Holnd.lb "3 119 0 Krugr.cf 4 0 0 3 0
Rckfd,2b 4 0 0 1 «jStreib,lb 4 0 0 11 O
Beck. 3b 3 LI 1 1 Dvrx. 3b 3 0 1 2 4
Rnkle, ss .1 0 1 7 i Stark, c 3 0 0 3 1
Stanl«y,c 2 0 13 0 Grahm.p 3 0 2 0 5
Butler, p 3 0 0 0 2 'Mskmn .".1,0 0 0 0
Totals.27 3 7 27 12 Totals.S3 1 t 24 1-4
•Moskiman batted for Stark In the ninth in
ning.
RUNS AND HIT3 BT INNINGS.
Portland ..0 10 0 0 0 0 2 x— 3
Base hits -.0 8 1.0 0 1 0 2 x— T
Oakland 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0-1
Base hits 0 0 2 0 2 0 0 2 1—7
SUMMAHT
Errors— Holland. Beck. Stanley. Kruger.
Graham Earned runs — Portland 2. Stolen
ba Sea — Dunleavy. Gaoley. Bases on balls — Off
-Butler 2 off Graham 2. Struck out— By But
ler ,2 by Graham 3. ,.Two-base \ htta— Runkle,
Fra'ncks. Left on basess — Portland 5. Oakland
9 Double play* — Schlafley to Francks to
Strelb: Stark to Schlafley. First base on er
rors — Portland 1, Oakland 1. Tune of game —
One hour and thirty-five minutes. Umpire —
McCarthy- .';¦
ALAMEDA,* Sept- 29. — There is a
movement under way in which the
Alameda Boating Club is interested to
form an association exclusively for thfc
rowing organizations of the Pacific
Coast, most of which are affiliated
with the Pacific Athletic Association*
Last night a meeting was held at the
Quarters of the Dolphin Rowing Club
in San Francisco and the project was
discussed. Representatives were pres
ent from the Alameda Boating Club,
the Ariel Rowing Club, and the Dol
phin Rowing Club. Those appearing
for the local oarsmen's organization
were Frank E. Browning. E. B. Thorn
ing, W. S. Donnelly, Harry Nelson and
George Tupper.
There Is an impression among the
members of the various rowing clubs
across the bay that the aquatic sport
is not being accorded the attention by
the Pacific Athletic Association that
its popularity warrants and . that it
would be to the advantage of the
clubs to draw out of that organization
and act together.
It was decided last night to send
invitations to the rowing organizations
of Stockton, San Diego,' Portland,
Vallejo and other cities to ascertain
if they would be willing to Join an
association given over exclusively '¦' to
rowing. Another meeting to further
consider the*proposition of amalgama
tion will . be held .at the. quarters of
the Dolphins on October 10.
Followers of the Aquatic Sport Seem
Anxious to Break Away From
the Pacific Association.^
ROWING CLUBS 3IAY FORM
INDEPENDENT ASSOCIATION
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — The Hawaiian, Avenger,
3Iartius.
Second race — Freebooter. 3Ion
Amour, Dixie Lad.
Third race — Easy Trade, Dr. Steph
ens. Mr. Farnum. i
Fourth race — Woodlawn Belle, Julia
31., Klclnwood. • -
Fifth race — Falerniim, Sioux Chief,
Louisville. - ".->->< :
Sixth race— Baywood, Allista, Gyp
zene. "y
Condition of the track — Slow.
Champion stake, 18 entries— Full Moon vs.
Ragged Actor; Little Plunger vs. Young Fear
less;. Honest John vs. Quita; .Lost Chord vs.
Tralee Lass; Pasha Pleasant vs. Fair: Tralee;!
Reckless Acrobat vs. In Time; Barge vs. Val
ley Pride: Tom King' vs. Orslna. '
Reserve stake, 64 entries — Reta S vs. Good
as Gold; Agitator vs. Fair Play; Dorothy M
vs. Helen Hayes; Equator vs. Camber; Jimmy
Anthony vb. Eve.1 G; Don Pedro vs. Shadow;
Prompto v*. Mollie Me; Wedgewood vs. Cas-
Ble W; Daisy Rocket vs. R«al Duchesa; Trixie
vs. Baby Byron; Idleness vs. Fancy Dress;
Ready Address vs. Reckless Rose; Romping
Abe vs. May Tunlson; Lucky Shamrock vs.
Dartaway; Maid of the Glen vs. Moonbeam;
Piker vs. . Gold Lily; Little Dainty vs. 'Little
Klamath ; Lord Melbourne vs. Hunter Raine;
Polka Dot vs. Sunnybrook; Laboring Boy vs.
General Dewet ; Manru vs. Choochoo; Fetter
lees vs. Mabel S;*Maid of Gowrie vs. Star
Sylvanius; Haughty Helen vs. Cascade: Lou
Dillon *i'S. Big Klamath; Young Kerry Pippin
vf. Mount Lowo; Free Costa vs. McHenry;
Lulu Girl vs. Concord Boy; D R vs. Bear
catcher; Runaway Actress vs. Aurelia; . Stin
garee vs. Gallant Tipp«rary; W T attles vs. Had
dlnyton.
Class stake, 48 entries — Lady Menlo ¦ va.
Aereodh; Butte City vb. Jerry Wright; Glau
cus vs. Trevathan; Picadllly vs.. Ouida; Young
Johnny Rex vs. Old Ironsides; Sacramento
Boy vs. Tralee Maid; Queen's Motto vs. Re
mieso Animo; Marguerette vs. Gunfire; Frisky
Boy vs. Icellus; Black Coon vs. Dear Gaston;
Duhallow vs. Annie Ryne; Courtly Guest vs.
Mellinwood; Belfast vs. Vina; Sea Lion vs.
The Duke: Frank C .vs."- Hudson; Crawford
Belle vs. Commercial Traveler: Balendine vs.
Modesto Boy; Fretter;. vs. Princess Savoy;
Prometheus vs. Rush Away; Imperious vs.
Galveston; Miss Lucille vs. Golden Fortune;
Mark Twain vs. Clover Blossom; Colored Lady
vs. Smller; Snapuer Garrison vs. Vandal.
Good sport is promised at Ingleside
Coursing Park to-morrow and Sun
day, when> three stakes will be run
off — a reserve stake of sixty- four en
tries, class stake of forty-eight entries
and a champion stake of sixteen en
tries. The latter event should prove
exciting, as some of the fastest grey
hounds in the State are pitted against
each other. -Coursing will commence
on Saturday at 11 o'clock, when the
open and class takes will be run down.
On Sunday the remaining rounds of
these events and the champion stake
will be decided. Following is the re
sult of last night's draw:
Fast Greyh'ounds Are, Matched to Com
pete in Three Stokes on Satur
day and Sunday.
GOOD SrORT PROMISED
AT 1NGLESIDE PARK
First race — Fenian, Ben Lear, Jejmie
lfughes. ;,
' Second race — Korea, Belle S,. Trixie
White. •
Third race — One More, Tom Rowe,
Amberita. ;
Fourth i race — Flora Willoiigliby,
Lubln. .Taby Tosa.
FifUi race— Anne Davis, Vestry,
Evening Star.
Sixth race — Lustig, Alcom R,
Athena.
Condition of the track — Slow.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse — Allista 102,
General Steward 102. Serenity 102, Copperfleld
105. Mayor David S. Rose 105, Gypzene 108,
Baywotd 111, Rankln 111.
Fifth race, mile and 50 yards, eellllng —
Langford James 92, Santa Teresa 102. Faler
nian 95, Louisville 9S, Miss Melton 99. tjloux
Chief 99, Eubattor 100.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Worth track
follow:
First race, flix furlonsra,* selling — Ethel
Scruggs 100, Jim Tyrrell 100. La Chaperon^
100, Chorka-Yctte 100. Myron Dale 100, The
Hawai.an 100, False Entry luO. Cohasset 105,
Avenger iOfi. Martius 108.
Second race, five furloncs. purse — Ed Early
I0O. Mi*s Gunn 100. Effie M 100. Sly Musette
100, Harpoon 103, Freebooter 103. Mon Amour
105. Dixie Lad 108.
Third race, mile and 50 yards, selling — Easy
Trade DS. Voll« 100, Floyd K 101, Lou Woods
Dr. Stephens 103. Mr. Farnum 103, Chan
terelle 103.
Fourth race, «lx furlongs. Belling — J. •W.
O'Neill 100, Woodlawn .Belle 100. Julia M 104, *
Mimrn 105. Bt. Paula 105. Docile 108, Klein
wood 109, Wenrick 110.
WORTH ENTRIES.
TACOMA, Sept. 29. — The game
dragged out for more than two and a
half hours to-day, but was close and
exciting. Manager Russ Hall and #
Doyle were ordered to the bench for
disputing Brown's decisions. SL Vrain
started to pitch, but six hits and six
runs put him to the bad. Thomas,
while wild, was effective until the
ninth, when C. Hall made a home
run. Van Haltren and Mohler were
passed, advancing on Blankenship's
sacrifice and scoring on Delehanty's
single. ~ ¦
With the score tied Eagan drew a
pass in the ninth. Casey hit one on
the right line, which Seattle claimed
was foul, but Brown allowed It as a
two-bagger. Eagan scored when Me-
Laughlin bunted. With Taconia five
runs behind, Eagan hit a home run
in the fifth, scoring three. Two tallied
In the sixth on Casey's single. Mc-
Laughlin's triple and an out. In the
seventh Delehanty's misplay, three
hits, a base on balls and Seattle's poor
team work allowed Tacoma to score
three more. Score:
Tacoma — i Seattle —
AB.R. H.P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf. 4 2' 2 4 0 V.Hltn.cf 3 2 1. 1 0
Grahm.rf 0 0 0 0 OiMoh!r,2b 5 2 16 2
Sheen,3b.-3 1 0 2 2'Bkp.lb-s 3 1 2 '8 2
Nrdke.lb 5 1 2 11 ¦•¦liFrisk.lf. 2 1 0 0 2
Kauran.se 4 3 1 1 3 Delhty,3b 4 1 2 3 0
Lynch.cf 5 0 13 l'Leahy.c. 4 0 13 5
Casey,2b 4 2 4 3 4 Smlth.rf. 5 0 110
McLhn,lf 4 1 3 0 0 R.Hall.ss 4 1 113
Hojan.c. 3 0 0 3 1 Mrphy.lb 10 0 10
St.Trn.p. 1 0 0 0 1 C.Hall.p 4 1112
Thmas.p 3 0 10 0
— . Totals. 35 9 10*25 16
Totals. 36 10 14 27 1ST- -
?One out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 0 C 2 ." 0 1 — 10
Base Hits 2 0 13 12 3 0 2—11
Seattle 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 3 0—9
Base Hits .... 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 2 0— 10
SUMMARY.
Errors — Nordyke 2, Delchanty, R. Hall.
Struck out— By Thomas 2, by Hall 3. Bases :
on balls — Oft I St. Vrain 3, off Thomas 8, off |
Hall 0. Wild pitches— By St Vrain 1. Two
base hits — Casey, Blahkeoship, Leahy, Smith.
Three-base hit — McLaughlin. Home runs —
Eagan, C. . Hall. ' Sacrifice hits — Sheehan,
Blankenship. First base \ on errors — Tacoir.a
2, Seattle 2. Stolen bases — Hogan, Blanken-
3, Mohler, Van Haltren. Earned runs —
Tacoma 5, Seattle -5. Left on bases^ — Tacoma
8, Seattle 11. Double play — Leahy to Blanken
shlp to Leahy. Time of game— Two hours and
thirty-five minutes.' Hits— Off St. Vrain 6, oft
Thomas 4. off Hall 14. Innings ¦ pitched — By
St. Vrain 3, by Thomas 6, by Hall 9." Umpire
— Tom. Brown. •. • ;
Siwashes-Assume a Big Lead, but Arc
Just Nosed Out.
TIGERS FIGHT ALL TILE WAY.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Gravesend
follow:
First race, about eix furlongs, handicap, all
tSf, J1000 added— Reliable 140, Flyingr Ship
115. Ascension 110. Invincible 103. Ancestor 100,
Monte 1%. Race King 103. Toscan 99, Hand
xarra P2, Sir Brillar 90, Lord Melbourne 86.
Amberjadk 86.
Second rac*. about elx furlongs, two-year
olds, selling. $1000 added — Juvenag* 104, E«
rutcheon 105. Glenecho 102, Dazzle 102. Jerry
C lOw, MisttsR «», Priority 99. Hildebrand 97,
R. L. Johnson 97. Bisque 94. Confessor 92.
Third race, one and a nixteenth miles, all
ages $l?0u added — Adriutha 11". Martinmas
100. 'Little Era 100, New York 97, Wotan 93.
i?lr L'.y>re\voo4 £7.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
fietbreere, thre«-year-cld». $1500 added — At
wood 10C, Garnieh 10<». The Southerner 100,
Dick Bernard l(Ki. Gold Dome 100. Brook
lynlte loC. L*tola 103, Gay Lothario 101.
MioKhipmain 101. Seymour 99.
Fiftii race, five and a half furlongs, two
year ol<3 fillies and ge!din?rs — Bravery 112, Su
matra. 112. Inspiration 112. Fairy Dance 112,
Lonsr Days 112. Gaylard 112, Marie M 112,
Hyacinth 112. Palt and Pepper 112, Maxey
More 111'. Chiradella 112, Coy Maid 112. MI1
!«r'« Daughter 112. Del Coronado 112, Ralbert
112, Critical 112.
£lx*h ra&", one and a sixteenth miles, sell-"
Ing, tbrer--y-e;!r-o!<la and up, I10U0 added — Sals
J00. New York 10i;. Gravlna 106. C->ttaire Maid
ifC. Prcnta 1"S. Arachroe 103. Little Em 1O2,
Fort Piain 102. Homestead 101, Gay Lothario
98. Court Ma'.d 96, Proceed* 97, Glisten 97,
Garnish 92, Uriartborpe 90. m
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the tC«w York Morning Telegraph.
'Ffr*t . race — Reliable, .Invincible,
AsconsJon.
Second rare — Jerry C, Escutcheon,
GJetjecho. ..C ;. '.-/:; V
Third racv — Little Em, New York,
Sir Ly line wood.
Fourth race— -Seymour, Letola, The
SoullM*roer.
Filth race — Long Days, 'Snmatra,
Coy Maid.
Sixth race — Gravtna, Garnisli, . Lit
tie Fni. •
Condition of track — Good.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — One More
105, D'Arcy 105, Frank Rice 103, Aline S 100.
Rose Court 100, Amberita 90. Wintfreda HO.
Tom Rowe BU, Albertola 94, Tom. Mankins 94,
Major Carcenter 94.
Fourth race, one and three-cixteenth miles,
handicap — Lubln 108, Taby Tosa 105, Never
such 101, Flora Willouehby 96.
Fifth race, thirteen-sixteenth? of a mile,
purse — Lasso 106, 'FHzbrillar 103, Glennevis
103. Anne Davis 100, Vestry 100, Racnel Ward
100, Radium 100, Evening Star 100, Whiskejs
10O. Dusky 100.";
Sixth race, .one mile and seventy yards —
Lustig 1OS. Athena 105, Regina D 105, The
Hebrew J05. St. Aenos II 100, Lyrist 100,
Alcom R 100. Easter Walters 100.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 29. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar
track follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Jennie
Hughes 105, Euchre Deck 105, Lacache 105,
Wager 105. Flyer 105, Hickory Corners 100,
Skyflycr 100, Ben Lear 100, Fenian 94.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Sand
Bath 111, Korea 108, Anona 103. Prevents tlve
100, Belle S 104, Mr. Dade 104. Tique 103, Fred
Priesmeyer 103. Mary Maud 100, Trixie White
100. MeJetta 90. Bessie Me 95.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Cleveland Makes It Three Straight
From Champions and White
Sox Beat Senators.
>"EW YOttK JUMPS INTO
\ THE LEAD ONCE AGAIN
The football teams representing the
High Schools on this side of the bay
are' more evenly matcBed than in recent
years and the struggle for the cham
pionship is an interesting one. Of the
five teams in this sub-league four are
evenly matched. Lick and Polytechnic
appear to be the strongest teams, but
they will have no easy time disposing
of Mission and Lowell High. Wii
raerding, although the heaviest team
in the league, seems outclassed.
In the opening game Polytechnic
beat ..Lowell by a score of 10-0. Since
Lthen the Sutter-street boys have come
V> 'the' front and have been playins
good football. Last Saturday they beat
?Wilmerding 10-0 and when Lick meets
them they will have no walkover.
It Is difficult to get a line on Mis
sion High. They beat Wllmerdin^
easily on the opening day of the season,
but have not played a game since.
Coach Gaffey has had them out every
afternoon for practice.
Polytechnic and Mission will meet
this afternoon and a good game will
undoubtedly result. Polytechnic Is con
fident-of winning, but the Mission bova
may spring a surprise. Polytechnic
wilt line up almost the same as in the
game with Lick last Saturday. An
derson will take Reardon's place at left
guard, while the latter will be switched
to right tackle. Garibaldi will play the
other tackle. Mission will have the
same team that piled up a 16-0 score
against Wilberding. The teams will
line up as follows this afternoon:
Polytechnic. Position. Mission.
Goerl L. E. K Peeler
Garibaldi L. T. R Prost
Anderson L. O. R.... Stafford <Capt.>
Day Center Tretton
Bonifteld R. G. L. Sutton
Reardcn R T. L Mason
McKenxie (Capt.)R. E. L. Freeman
Saunders Quarter Lcwr!-*
Boanaan L. H. R Terrill
Martin P.. H. L. Aitken
Edwards Fullback U Corts^
The Lick-Lowell game. which is sched
uled for to-morrow morning, will be "a
hard-fought contest. There is always
considerable rivalry between these two
schools and Lowell is determined to
win. Lick, of course, feels confident
of winning owing to the fact that Poly
technic scored twice on Lowell and
Lick held "Poly" down to a 0-0 score. •
Polytechnic and Lick will play oft
their tie game next Tuesday afternoon.
The contest this time will be on a drv
field, where it will be possible to kick
field goals. In the last game the teams
playedon an improvised field, where
there were no goal posts. Lick was
close enough on three or four differ
ent occasions to try for coal and
"Poly" was once within kickine dis
tance. The greatest game of the sea
son will result when these two teams
meet on Tuesday. Lick and Lowell will
face each other as follows to-morrow
morning:
Lowoll. Position. Uck.
Brig-noli L. K. R ......Deacon
Dupriox L. T. R "Whits
TiscornJa L. O. R Keenan
Fuller Center ;....Ctow
Phillips R. G. U...Hotchkiss (Capt.)
Pierce R. T. I, Main
Lynn R. E. It O'Connor
Roncovteri Quarter Golcher
Cerf (Capt.) I.. H. R Snell
Pollok R. H. It Henderson
Cook Fullback Merrttt
LADIES WILL COMPETE
IX TEXXIS MATCHES
Members of the Golden Gate Club An
nex Will Meet on the Ftiblic
Courts.
The young ladies of the Golden
Gate Tennis Club Annex will hold a
doubles tournament for second class
players to-morrow morningr. Miss
Meyer and Miss Vodden won the hist
tournament and hold the cups. Nine
teams entered and drew as follows:
Miss Vodden an<i Miss Meyer vs. Miss V.
B»yfu>s and Miss Hess; Miss Gardner and
Miss Travenar vs. Miss Mearns and Miss
Crocker: Miss K. Llnd3trom and Mian Alltxr
ger vs. Miss Worcester and Miss A. Beyfusa:
Miss Cullen and Miss Greenbcr* vs. Miss Sea
and Miss Levison; Miss Weed and Miss Van
Vleet, a bye.
Santa Clara Eleven Wins.
SAX JOSE. Sept. 29.— The Santa
Clara College eleven defeated the Fort
Miley team of San Francisco at foot
ball this afternoon at Santa Clara t<y
the score of 10 to 0. The defense work
of the college backs and the indi
vidual work of the soldiers were fea
tures of the game. A fast, snappy
game was played.
; Parke Wilson experienced the ex- !
treme pleasure at Recreation Park yes
terday of receiving those elusive slants
which his old employe used to shoot at
him. Perhaps the sensaUon of doing
this, unusual stunt was too oppressive
for Mr. Wilson, or it may have been
that he did not like the job. At any
rate he played some pretty bad base
ball. As for. Mr." Barber, he possibly
felt a feeling, of awe in the presence
of his old boBS, for he was never so bad
in many moons. Score: Los Angeles 6,
San FranciBco 1. ,
'Twas a poor game of ball for the
fans ,< to behold. The Seals play§d
like youths fresh from the bushes.
They could not field at all when the
critical moment was at hand and most
of their hits counted for naught. Al
though they outbatted the southern
ers, only one run arrived while the
former accumulated six. Every one
admitted the performance was a
marked reversal of form and that
Harris' gang was awful.
The .Angels began to do business in
the "Third when Ross singled and Bar
ber hurled Spies' drive away over Van
Buren's head, scoring Ross and letting
the venerable Heine pull up at third.
Flood's double cushion swat put him
safely over the jumps. It was broken
up for fair in the fifth, when the
Angels landed for a bunch of hits and
Mr. Wilson developed such a strong*
arm that he hurled the ball wilder than
any other catcher was aver known to
hurl it. "
San Francisco's lone little run came
about in the eighth when Hildebrand
doubled and Captain lrwin saved the
disgrace of a shutout by swinging
through with a single.' The score:
.Kan Francisco — , Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
VanB.lb 4 o O 10 O Bernrd.cf 5 12 4 2
Hlldbd.lf 4 111 1 Flood.2b 5 0 2 4 1
Wldrn,cf 4 0 3 1 0:Smlth,3b 4 10 11
•Meany.rf 4. 0 0 3 0i ?ravth,rf 5 110 0
Irwln,3b 3 0 21 '_»;Chase,lb 4 1 1 10 2
Andsn.2b 4 0 0 2 3;Toman,s. 4 0 11 3
\\Uaon,c 4 0 0 7 O'Ross.lf.. 4 1 2* 2 1
Gofchnr.s 4 0 2 2 3'Sples.c. 4 10 3 1
Barber.p 4 0 3 0 2Gray,p.. 4 0 1 2 3
¦ Totals. 35 1 11 24 llj Totals. 39 6 10 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles..... 0 0 2 0 4 0 0 00—6
•jBase hits....'.. 0 0 2 2 40 1 I 0—10
San Francisco... 00000 0 0 lo— 1
y'Bave hits 112 1111 2 1—11
SUMMARY.
Stolen ' bases— Cravath, Ross. Errors — Bar
ber (3), Gochnauer, Wilson (2), Toman (!').
Van Buren, Bernard. Two-base hits — Flood,
Barber (2), HUdwbrand. First base on errors
— Lop Angeles 2. San Francisco 2. First base
on.called balls— Off Gray 1, oft Barber 1. Lett
orrt bases — Los Angeles 5, San Francisco 5.
Struck out — By Gray 2, by Barber 5. Double
plays — Bernard to Spies, Gray to Chase, Chase
to Toman to Chase, Gochnauer to Van Buren,
Bernard to Chase. Time of game — One hour
and ftfty minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
STANDING OP TUB CLUBS.
Coast Leacue.) ¦
W. L. Pet. | W. I* Pet.
i.35 24 ,COa[ Oakland 29 33 .468
Los - AngeleB.St 24 .504 S. Franclsco.27 33 .450
Seattle 33 27 .56Cj Portland ...23 37.383
After a brisk rub down he mounted
the scales' and tipped the beam at ex
actly 136V6 pounds.
After nearly three weeks of hard
training near San Rafael, Joe Gans is.
in fine condition for his meeting with
Walcott. Gans has work'ed long and
faithfully for this battle, and feels
confident of lowering the colors of the
welterweight champion.
He was* on the road early yesterday,
and took a ten-mile .spin. A few
rounds with the punching bag in the
afternoon concluded his long spell of
hard training. ¦»
"Gans and Hereford thought I would
have to weaken myself to make 141
pounds, but I've fooled them, and what
is more I'm going to give Gans the
worst beating he ever got since he has
been in the business." .
GANS IN GOOD CONDITION.
Walcott has finished his training: for
his corltest with Gans. With the excep
tion of a run on the road this morn
ing as a pipe opener he will do noth
ing until he gets into the ring. Jo'e
worked like a Trojan yesterday and
succeeded in gettinp bis weight down
to 138 pounds, a notch he was anxious
to reach.
He put in a fairly hard day yester
day, going for a long run on the road
in the morning and working in the
gymnasium in the afternoon. He util
ized all the apparatus, but handled the
punching bag gingerly. He did.no box
ing for fear of injuring his hands.
The hot weather of the past two days
has been welcome to Walcott, as it has
enabled him to take off weight, without
working so hard as to be weak after
ward,. Joe is well under the weight
now arid after drying out' he will
hardly scale 140 pounds, which is his
fighting weight. Walcott is confident
he will capture the long .end of the
purse. After his work yesterday he
said: ., • t
Spider Kelly will direct Walcott's
fighting while Hereford will have
charge of Gans 1 corner. *'
Jimmy Britt said yesterday that he
will fight Gans after his meeting: with
Young Corbett if the lightweight cham
pion, wins to-night. Britt has been pol
ishing up his oratory and will Rive it
an airing to-night
WALCOTT IS CONFIDENT.
He will be ably assisted in this by
the spectators in the gallery. If the
boxes are not trying they will be the
first to observe it and they are always
quick to make known their observa
tions, r
There has been a change in the . ar
rangements regarding the prelimina
ries. There will be but one. that "be
tween Mike (Twin) Sullivan of Bosfoa
and Joe Angeli. Sullivan comes with
a big reputation. He is tall and -thin
but shapely and has a good left hand.
Angeli is a recent graduate from 'the
amateur ranks. He is a game, hard
hitting fighter. These two. will enter
the ring promptly at 8:30. As they, leave
a pair of scales will be put. in. Wal
cott, with his customary yawn, will
be in readiness for the weight test.
There will be but little delay after
that.- -
Jack Welch, who will referee to
night's fight, issued a statement yes
terday. V In it he says both boxers are
in the best of condition, and that the
spectators will see a great contest. The
referee will protect the public if he sees
anything approaching' collusion be
tween the boxers. " • ¦ •/ *
1 • ¦• ¦ . ¦¦ ¦
* What may prove the last* fight, held
here, and -what will undoubtedly- be
one of the most sensational in the his
i tory ; of the ring, will be decided" to
; night in Woodward's Pavilion,
The principals will be Joe Gana,' the
i lightweight champion of the world, and
Joe Walcott, the welter-weight cham
pion. As Walcott won the chanjpioh
ship at 142 pounds, ; and as the j men. are
to fight at 141 pounds, Walcptt claims
| the title is not involved. It wouid-'npt
make him feel half so badly to lose the
title, however, as it would to be de
¦ feated by Gans. They have been rivals
j for years, and much bitterness will un
doubtedly be shown to-night in .the
ring. . ;-
The bettors have been so well divided
that the betting closed last night at
even money. The cleverest judges of
i price were unable to say what turn
the odds would take to-day. -
A p6ol of $500 was made up in Oak
land to bet on Walcott, and it was
quickly snapped up, Zick Abrams tak
ing the Gans end. In the early evening
there was a lot of Gans money in sighf,
but this was all absorbed by the fol
lowers of Walcott. The volume of bet
ting will not be large, as Walcott is al
ways an uncertain quantity in the
ring. From all appearances he will be
there to-night to do his best, as he
knows there will come a day., when he
must seek another .occupation. •
ItEFEHEE WELCH'S STATEMENT.
By arrangement with the Treasury
Department, all the foreign cars entered
for the race were, it is declared by the
consignees, to have been admitted duty
free on condition that they were to t>e
deported within ninety days. Howeve'r.
the machines were appraised 'at $10,600
each and the Customs-house ' officials
announced that they would be held un
till, the full sum had been paid. The
hitch occurred because of the fact that
the shippers failed to declare their pur
pose when consigning the machines so
they entered this port in the same cat
egory as machines that are brought
over to be sold.
The cars are favorites for the ¦Van
derbilt race, three of them being . en
tered for that event and the fourth be
ing a substitute. A special representa
tive was sent to Washington to inter
cede with the Treasury Department,
but failed, and it is likely that only
one of the automobiles will be taken
from the Customs-house for the race.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Four French
automobiles brought here from Paris to
compete in the Vanderbilt cup race on
Long Island.. October 8 are held
at the Customs-house, pending the pay
ment of duties amounting to $18,000.
The cars of ninety horse power each,
arrived on a French steamer last Sun
day. i-':-Vv ¦'>
Machines Imported to Com
pete for Vanderbilt Tro
phy, but May Be Sent Back
Seals Play the Game Like
Bunch of Bush Leaguers,
and Never Have a Chance
Best Judges of Price Are
Unable to Say Which Way
the Odds Will Go To-Day
Polytechnic and Lick Kick
ers Will iSettle Grudge
on Eield This Afternoon
WINNER HAED TO PICK
Colonial Girl won her race almost as
easily as Doily Spanker won his. There
were no fast horses in with Colonial
Girl to make the weight tell on her
and she had nothing to do but gallop
along at her leisure. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
handicap; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
S to 1 — Santa CatAiina, 10s (O'N) 3 4 2 12
5 to 2 — Czaraphine, 122 <Lyn) ... 2 23-2%
10 to 1— Workman. 103 (Martin).. 5 5 4 3 4
Time. 1 :U7 1-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. Winner, Albemarle Stables' b. f. by Eus
pender-Dainty. Bulwark. Hot Shot. Fly Back.
Blue Ccat, Diamond, Diamond Flush, finished
&a named.
SECOND HACE — One and one-sixteenth
Klles; nandl*tr; for all agres:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
11 toSd-OoL Girl. 114 (A.W.Boo) 2 1 H 1 3
7 to 2 — Carbuncle. 110 (Redfern) 3 4 2 lVi
6 U l-Sonoma Belle.OS <HXoc) 4 3 4 3 4
Ti;=e, 1 48 1-5. Start &oo r - Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Howe's b. m. by JXeldler
£piir.gtioe. Hoodwink also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
•elllrg; for ..two-5'ear-old fillies:
Betting. Horfce. Weight. Jockev. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Jennie McCabe, 1O»J (Red) 1 3 % 1 2^4
(*io5— Oruah Up, 96 (Travere). 3 1^24
2»to 1— Prince Eroe. 99 (Schlllng) 2 4 3 3 2
Time. 1:08 2-5. Start good. Won ridden
eye, Wivir, P. J. Dwyer*s ch. f. by Hand-
Bpring-Moadroit. Belle Dlxon, Carrie Jones.
Uctowin. Bweet Pepper. Hlghlife. Rare Ma
lic, finished as named. - *
FCtmTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; the Ocean View handicap; three-year
olds : •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1«>— D. Spanker. 112( Redfern) 1 2 2 18
4 to 1— M'.ntola. 102 fTravere)... 4 3 2^2 h
» to 2 — Leonida£, <10& (Shaw)... 2 11 3 4
Time, 1:47. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. R. T. Wilson. Jr.'s b. g. by Kingston-
Lady Gay. Ostrich also ran.
FIFTH R-i-CE^ — About six furlongs; three
year-olds; selling-: •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
5 to 2 — Old England. 98 (Crimne) 2 12 In
6 to 1 — Orthodox. 109 <Shaw> 7 61 22
6 to I— King Pepper. 98 (Sperling) 5 3 h 3 3
Time. 1:10 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, T. D. SuJ^van's b. g. by Goldfinch-
Quwn Be«. Emergency, Missing Link. Topee.
Toi San. James V, Mutiny. Sadducee, finished
as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; n-*iden three-year-olds and up:
Betting-. Hor»e, Wfctgbt. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Out of Reach. 110 (Rdfn) 4 1 1%1 h
20 to 1 — Claris. 110 <Ganncr.) 6 22 26
£0 to 1— Tom Lawson. 107 (J.Mtn) 2 9 3 1
Tim*, 1:«9 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. M. Corbett's br. c by Persimmon-
Sa£<?£T. Waterford. Garusevoort, Spring Silk.
Fir 13K& All Right, Jason, Ikkl, Gypsy Ben,
Grantsdale, Little Jchnson. finished as named.
GRAVESEND, Sept. 29. — For fc
stake such as the Ocean View handi
cap, worth $2475 to the winner, it is
surprising so small a field accepted the
weights to-day and went to the post.
This may be due to the fact that R.
T. Wilson's Dolly Spanker, at 112
pounds, looked a sure winner. As the
result showed, the bookmakers were
liberal when they asked the public to
lay them only 10 to 7.
Dolly Spanker is better than he ever
was. While I^eonidns was in the lead
lor six or more furl-ings, it was mere
ly on sufteranee. Whtn Redfern got
ready to go to the front with Wilson's
irelding the race was ail over. Dolly
Spanker had little to beat in Leonidas,
Mineola and Ostrich, but he did it in
such style as to arouse enthusiasm.
The first mile of the one and a six
teenth mile course was run in 1:40 3-5,
which was a good deal faster than Co
lonial Girl was required to run her
mile in the race for which she proved
an easy winner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds- and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Caithness, 100 (L. Wilms) 5 1^18
•3 to 1— Worth-gtoo. 110 (W. D.). 6 2 6 2 Vj
10 to 1— Drummond, ICO (Chea)... 7 38 3 %
Time, 1 :55. Start good. Won «asily. Win
ner, Martin & Walker's br. m. (5) by Athel
ing-Queen of Scotts. Daweon 100; Feronia 105.
Miracle II 105, The Hebrew 95, finished as
named. ('Disqualified fcr fouling.)
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three -year- olds
and no:
lOtol— L'dy Ctrary, 104 (Aus).. 4 1 V* 1 nk
4tol — Algonquin. 98 (HowelD... 5 2 3 2 4
2'to 1— Triple Silver, 98 (S. D.). 6 6 2 3 6
Time, 1:2OV4- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Bertonnlere's b. m. (8) by Ruseell-
Lady McNairy. Loca 104, Glendon 107, Eva's
Darling 104, Kindred 107, Dr. Burns 99, Eliza
Cook 104, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; thre«-year
olds and uu:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Flora Wil'by, 106 (Lin). 3 4 5 lh
15 to 1 — Bensonhurst. 106 (G. Cy). 2 21 2 to
12 to 1— Behoove, 106 (Glsborne).. 4 6 3 n
Time, 1:20^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. F. Schulte's b. m. (4) by Florist-
Fannie Willoughby.. Laura Hunter' 106, Ves
try 106, finished as named.
Time, 1:13%. Start good. Won .easily.
Winner. W. H. Fizer & Co.'s ch. f. by Ma
zetto-Glen Pearl. Chancy 95, Jack Moran 103.
Shadow Prince 103, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Gasconne. 103 (D.Austin) 2 12 12
8 to 1— Bavarian. 95 (Williams) 3 2 h 2 %
4 to 1— Opinion. 95 (Dickson) 1 5 15 3 1
Time. 1:29^. Start srood. Won driving.
Winner, S. V. Abel & Co.'s ch. m. (5) by
St. Leonards-Queenstown. ¦ Sanctisslma 107,
Marchioness 102, Vineland 102. Tribes 102.
Suave 102. Onanetta 107. Birdie Stond 102,
Rejoice 107, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and us:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Ivernia, 107 (D. Austin).. 1 32 lh
3 to 1— Flora Levy. 102 (L.Wllmsr 2 2 2 2 2
t'l to 1— Klngstelle, 102 (Connell). . 9 4 2 3 1
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 29.—^The mare,
Lady Contrary, owned by E. Berton
niere, was ruled off the turf for a form
reversal in the last race. Contrary
showed a sudden and remark
able return to form. W. S. Scott, her
trainer, was ordered away from the
track. Lady Contrary was at 20 to 1
in the betting. Only one favorite, Gas
conne, at 7 to 10, won for the talent.
The weather was clear and the track
slow. Attendance, 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and us:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Sweet Note, 93 (Llndaey) 112 11
20 to 1— Kssayer. 03 (McLaughlln) 5 2 4 2 n
10 to 1— Sir Carter, 93 (Howell)..6 3 1 3 2
Time, 1:21' Vi. Start good.- Won handily.
Winner, '3. C. Williams & Co.'s b. g. (3) by
Aintree-Mandolln. Madoc 93, Tom Kiley 88,
Bride 1)3, Blarney Girl 1>3, Lady Stone 98. La
Armanda 99, Lady Burlington 99, Louise Con
ner 98, Catherine Knox 99, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 1 :23 4-5*. Start b^d. Won easily.
Winner, W r . D. Stranger's b. h. (o), by Athel
lng-Ulsie. Chamblee 111. Zyra 108. finished as
named. (Barkelmore 111 and Jim Hal« 10S left
at the post.)
FIFTH RACE — One and one- eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Malakopf, 93 (Watson)... 1 Chin
C to 1 — Plautus, 99 (Johnson) ... 4 42 23
40tol — The- Way, 108 (Miller) ... 2 lh 36
Time, 2:11. Start good. .*\*on driving. Win
ner. R. F. Myer's b. c (3), by Sf. Maxim-
Silver Cloud. The Pan 105, Edward Hale «5,
Swiftwing 105, Benson Caldwell 10v, Excen
tral 95, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Six 'furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 6 — Aden, 115 (Shaver) 5 3 6 12%
9 to 5 — Tam O'Shanter, 105 (Grn) 3 2 8 2 n
4 to 1— Alibert, 1C5 (Johrsm) 2 3 3 8
THIRD . RACE— Six and a half furlongs:
purse: all ares:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Sv % Fin.
Even— Big Ben, 116 (Prior) 5 27 15
13 to 2— Katie Powers, 1O6 (Wilson) 2 5 6 2 1
11 to 2— Nannie Hodge. 101 (Lanm) 3 1 h 3 2
Tim*. 1 :30 2-5. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner, C. E Durnell's br. g. (4) by Ben
Streme-Mint Jullp. Cigarllghter 95, Lura-
Ubhter 108, Peggy Mine 62, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE-^-Flve and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Allen Avon 104 (Morr).. 4 2 1 1 2\i
15 to 1— Flaxman, 110 (Wlshard). 1 3 1 2 h
XI to 6— Sis Lee. 95 (Mclntyre).. 2 5 5 3 2
Time, 1:16 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. S. Prfce'a eh. g. by Aloha- Avola.
Subtle 109. Bowling Bridge 103. Colonel Rup
pert 94, finished as named.
SECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; selling ; four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
19 to 5 — Lampoon,' 103 (Seamster) 1 lh 13
6 to 1— Safeguard, 104 (Morrison) 5 4 Vi - h
7 to 1 — Clausus, 106 (Niool) 7 5 h 3 5
Time, 1:25 2-5. Start fair.- Won easily.
Winner. J. H. .McDerment Vfc Co.'s ch. f. (4)
hy Laznplighter-Mona. Ido&o 108, Harry New
113, Jove 111, Annie 103. Ml Ileina 103, Car
nelian 108, finished as named. W. J. Debwj
10$, left. ':¦**'< f
CHICAGO, Sept. 29. — Big Ben made
pood field look cheap to-day in the
third and feature event' of the Worth
card. With the track worse than a
Quagmire, it took a horse with the en
durance of a locomotive to negotiate
the going. Big Ben answered all the
requirements, which enabled him to
win as he pleased. Jockey Prior al
lowed Nannie Hodge to set the early
pace, being content with placing Big
Ben in second position to the stretch
turn. Here he simply cantered to>tie
front, taking a lead of five lengths.
From there to the wire he only jogged
along and won by five lengths with
the boy pulling him up. He had hard
ly gone twenty "yards beyond the
wire before he was stopped, turned
about and returned to the judges'
stand. ':-'¦:* -m :
W. J. Deboe. favorite in the second
race at 11 to 5, backed from 5 to 2,
was going in the opposite direction
when Starter Murray released the
barrier. With him out of the way.
Lampoon, the well backed second
choice, won easily.
The track was in fearful shape but
the warm sun dried it out fast. Horse
men believe that with good weather it
will take several days to get it in
shape. The attendance showed a vast
improvement over that of yesterday
and the day before. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; maidens;
purse; two- year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Lockout, 1O5 (Virgo) 3 12 lh
25 to 1— Bishop Poole, 108 (Harris) 2 3 t5 2 4
0 9 to 2— Bradwarlin, 115 <Troxler) 7 5 5 S n
Time, 1:12. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Kunz's ch. g. by Plaudit-Lambent.
"Waddell II 108, Paul 113, Vlldo 105, Hopeless
110, Gladiator 113, The Warrior 106, Arc
Light 113, finished as named.
EpecJal Dispatch to The Call.
SIX RUNS FOR ANGELS
ENTERED FOR BIG RACE
BETTING PROVES LIGHT
Trainers and Horses Killed
Off the Turf by Delmar
Judges.
Colonial Girl Has No Diffi
culty in Defeating a
Moderate Field. .."
Gans and Walcott, Are Pro
nounced in the Best Pos
sible Physical Condition
Four French Flyers Held Up
in New York Custom-House
Till $18,000 Is Guaranteed
Barber & Former Boss Awed
in the Presence of His
Old Pitcher and Uncle
Big Ben Gallops Over a
Good Field in Worth
Feature.
Struggle for Honors Among
the High School Football
Teams Waxes Interesting
WILSON'S WING
IS TOO STRONG
BOXERS READY
FOR BIG FIGHT
MUST PAY DUTY
ON MOTOR CARS
OCEAN VIEW STAKES FOR DOLLY SPANKER,
WHICH IS IN WITH A LIGHT IMPOST
FIVE ELEVENS
WORKING HARD
BETTING FAILS TO DEVELOP A FAVORITE IN THE GANS-WALCOTT MATCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 19(te.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 29. — Virgil ' Bunnell
ha« ? been ¦ appointed . . Postmaster . at . Briggii,
caL l^HMBHHHHnn
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 29.— George Mem
sic of Chicago was^ given Jthe^ decision
over ; Gus Gardiner, of Chicago * at the
end of * a fifteen-round • bout ¦ here to
night. •, "
Memslc Defeats 'Gus Gardner.
Action Deferred on Fight Permit.
The Supervisors Police Committee
granted amateur boxing permits yes
terday^to the Hayes Valley, Club for
October' 11 and the; Sanv Francisco
Club for October 21.',. The committee
postponed action" for one /week on the
application ot> the , Shasta «, Club r for : a
professional permit in October,; owing
to the absence of Chairman Boxton:
6
ADVLIKTISKM KNTS.
$6>OOi »
OUR FAMOUS TRUNK
You can't beat it for the price
anywhere. Another carload just
arrived and' we've several new
numbers . that will interest you
if you are looking for a good
trunk.
We carry a line of suit cases
and leather goods that . can be
found only at
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
gfllj of Quality
E HPMilil fni* Rppr *
c- filbv^jdfl which. when bonently
* u IBMiM aimed st by tra* masters
5JS JpM^d ct iiie art * can fc* reached
"^ tl!ltY$M ln tbe process of brewing
*2 MBryffji * nd maturing. And the
" ° llifl^si itren * tn — heavy, medium
< P^llii I w u Kl>t— U a matter of
: R-£lpt|p''J skillful adjustment.
IPiSrff r
i^K^^B"J MILWAUKEE
Wrl Striken ths HmfjUsi
Pllrfi^JiPaiz Mall -Vivine
gfi/(s2^fe,' • Nan- Intern.) Toole.
JpiiWAUigj^ ¥At, BUT! BBEW, f
Bm^te^S^afe: S AM BIBO & CO.,
•^•HMHSB^^**^ WholassUs Ju «&ler*,
8ia Battery SL,
TeL Main 6859. Saa frasdsoo.
sJti&bfaM MEN AND WOMElt.
<e%&^£lJILE?4£3j Cm Big C9 for nnn*turU
iSafiSfta i to 6 d»jo5sf d!ichtrga«.lnfl»minatlon«.
SSjSj OuiuM « Irriutiaoe or.ulcentioas
B4SI not to iulcwart. of mucouJ nembrinM.
1^ fnirt C»»u«»«i. Ptinleat, and not Mtrla*
STolrHEETmCHWUlCO. g»at or poi«onoo»-
%5«a, eixouuuTi.aJesa a«i« by Dmnf*
\fi»X UK. A. !*ar or wnt in plain wr» ?!»*..
Jreiaa^ by »pr«u. prepaid, tot
VWfflfe3(£»5ni •l-OO.orStH.UlMtt.73.
¦•¦^Igj'jjpiV H circular wot oa MQBMtTravelers Need Trunks and Values.
.Traveling, bags, toilet cases, trunks
and everything, needed by travelers^ "• No
such ' an assortment of 'good -. things else
where.; All leather goods -lettered free of
charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,' 741 Market
street ' ¦••-.•,
- The Police Commission yesterday
filed requisition on the Civil Serv'ce
Commission for the appointment of
Corporals Edward F. Ward, John J.
O'Meara, James E. McGovern, James
J. Farrell, Michael J. Griffin and Philip
Fraher as , police sergeants.
Will Be Police Sergeants.
The Supervisors' . Fire Committee
yesterday reported in favor, of the or
dinance providing that when roofs or
houses.outside the fire limits are dam
aged to the extent of forty per cent,
they shall be repaired with fire-proof
material only. The Fire Department
officials and insurance men were pres
ent and approved of the . ordinance:
Roofs Must Be Fireproof.
The California commissioners to the
St. Louis Exposition have finally closed
their' office in /this city. Mr.- BarVy,
who has remained at this erid of; the
line.^o look after the transfer of fruits
and other shipments intended for ex
hibition at St. Louis from California,
hae gone on to the fair. Recently he
succeeded, .in collecting about 1000
pounds of fresh fruits to forward. This
¦was accomplished before the . rains.
Now the grapes may not.be in 'good
condition, but. the fruit growers may
still contribute exhibits. For the first
time since the work of organizing the
California exhibits for St. Louis the
commission is unrepresented In this
State.
Official Collection of Exhibits' for. St.
Louis at This End of the •
Line Is *Susi>endc(l.
COMMISSIONERS CLOSE ,
UP CALIFORNIA OFFICE
City Engineer Woodward yesterday
recommended, to the Board of Works
that the ...widening of Fourth street
from Howard to Berry be postponed
until after the sewers had been con
structed, and the board decided to go
ahead with the work from Market to
Howard." v ( '"
The board directed Cashier Dona
hue to furnish City Attorney Long
with all necessary information of the
collections of his predecessor, ex-
Cashier W. J. White, in order to prove
claim of the city for funds embezzled
by White. . _ ¦ ¦ : ' :
Will Widen Fourth Street.
Attorney Woodworth Returns.
United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth returned yes
terday after a three weeks' trip to the
Mono County mountains on official
business.
My conclusion upon this point Is that the
llbelitnts are only entitled to recover as dam
ages one-half tire | value of tbe use of the
Cleveland while she was undergoing repairs. A
decree will bo entered In favor of llbelants tot
damagen and costs and the case referred to
United States Commissioner Morse to ascertain
and report the damage sustained.
The llbelants are clearly entitled to recover
the reasonable expense incurred by them In
securing a new rating of the Cleveland In th«
American Record and Bureau Verltas and also
dockage expense and wages of watchman" while
the steamer was necessarily detained for th«
purpose of being repaired. • • ¦ •
The llbelants . are not entitled to recover ae
damages the amount which the Cleveland prob
ably would have earned If she had made the
trip to Seattle. That trip was voluntarily
abandoned by them In order that they might
eecure th« benefits of the Alaska char
ter. • • •
! United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday handed out an opin
ion in favor of the libelant in the case
of Charles Nelson et al. vs. Steamer
Sequoia. The suit was for damages
and demurrage by reason of the Se
quoia's having run into the steamer-
Cleveland while the Cleveland was ly
ing at Mission pier on May 27, 1898. 3 It
waa not disputed that the collision was
the fault of the Sequoia, and the only
issue before the court was the measure
of damages. .The following are ex
tracts from the opinion: ¦ ¦ .
Judge do Haven Lays Down Laws for
Future Consideration of Ship
owners and Masters.
DECISION FAVORS LIBELAXT
IN BAY COLLISION CASE
The finest chanct of the season to visit
Yoeemite Is offered by the Southern Pacific.
If 'you buy before October 13 you can get a
round trip ticket for $48 50. This doesn't mean
Just a trip to Yosemite and back; It Includes
Pullman accommodations both ways, insuring
your romfort; meals and lodgings at first
class hotel*, an ample visit to the Mariposa
Grove (the famous California Big Trees, reach
ed in no other way) and carriage drives to
Mirror Lake. Vernal Falls. Nevada. Falls.
Glacier Point and an ' unsurpassed view of
every great feature. The Southern Pacific
ttage rouil is oiled and the recent rains have
made it perfect. Now Is the time to" go!
Ask about lt to-day at <U3 Market street. *
Reduced Rates Via Southern Pacific.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
,' TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
J. Iliggins San Pedro Sept. 30
R. Dollar San Pedro Sept. 00
Coronado San Pedro [Oct. 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria lOct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jeanle Feattle & Tacoma Oct. . 1
LaJcme San Pedro Oct. 2
Breakwater. . Cbos Bay Oct. 2
S Monica. Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Homer Humboldt Oct. 2
Elizabeth.... Coquille River Oct. 2
NorthFork... Humboldt Oct. 2
Ccrona Humboldt Oct. 2
Arctic Humboldt ....Oct. 2
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 3
S.Barbara... San Pedro Oct. 3
Centralla San Pedro •• Qct. 3
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 3
Mongolia China & Japan Oct. 3
Argo. Eel River Port* Oct. 3
Queen Puget Round Ports Oct. 3
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 3
State of Cal.. San Diego ft Way Pts. Oct. 3
Pomo 1 Point Arena & Albion. Oct. 4
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 4
Abydos Seattle Oct 4
Pomona Humboldt Oct. S
Newport New York via. Ancon. Oct. 5
Aurella Portland & Astoria lOct. 6
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.lOct. «
Point Arena.. Mendoolno & Pt.Arena|Oct. 6
Arcata i Cooa Bay & Pt. Orfd.jOct Q
O W. Elder.. PorMand *¦ Astoria (Oct. 6
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|Oct. 7
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan lOct. 7
Calif ornian... New York via Coronel.lOct. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. .. .lOct. 8
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma .... ]Oct. 9
TO SAIL.
Eteamer. Destination. j Sails. Pier.
September 30. |
Eequola.. ... Willapa Harbor 112 m Pier 20
Rainter Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am.Pler 13
October 1. I - I
T&mpiro Seattle direct 5 pmlPIer 6
fl. Llndaner Greys Harbor .... 1 pmlPIer 4
Corcnado... Grays Harbcr 4 pm|Pier 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO aralPier 13
Gaelic China '&. Japan 1 1 pmiPIer 40
Ban Juan... N. Y. via Ancon. .J12 in I Pier 40
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena j 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt il:30pPler V
October 2. I
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.) 1 pm Pier 2
ITmatilla.. Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPler 8
Coos Bay... Kan Pedro & Way*! 0 am'Pier 11
S. Kosa.... £>n Diego & Way.! 9 ami Pier 11
October 3. ¦ I
Norwood... ?eattle & Ttcoma. 3 pm|Pier 2
Centralia. .. Grays Harbor 4 j>m:Pler 10
S. Baibara. Grays Harbor j 4 pmjPier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.{.,. . ..jPler 2
October 4. i |
Breakwater Coos Bay direct | 5 pm|P!er 8
Corona Humboldt l:3OpiPler tf
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 12 mlPier 20
Columbia... Astoria &-. Portland 11 ami Pier 24
October S. / f
G Dollar. . Grays Harbor | 4 pmlPier 10
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt j » am Pier 2
j c anle Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
! October 6. { | A .
Ear Pedro. I Humbolut i 10 amlPier 2
p OT no Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Fan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
October 7.
Queen .... PuK«"t Sound Portsjll am Pier 9
A byt ] OS Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier Vi
Eil/orla China & Japan 1 pm Pin 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
October 8. . :
Aurella.... Astoria & Port'ld. !.:.. •..!.......
Alameda... Honolulu >. . 11. am Pier 7
City Svdney N. York via Ancon 12% mlPier 40
October 9. I ' ' I
G. W. Elder! Astoria & Portlandjll amlPler 24
' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer! ..Destination. I Sails.
City of Seatt Skagway & Way Ports. lOcfc 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. [Oct. 1
Valencia Ekagway & Way Ports.Oct. S
Santa Clara., i Seldovi.t & Way Ports Oct. 3
Victoria Nome & N.E. 1 Siberia Oct. 4
Jtfferson Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Orc-Kon Nome & St. Michael.. Oct. 8
Bertha '. Cooks Inlet & Way PU Oct. 10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mef
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
- September 2».
The Time Ball on the tow«r of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly, at noon to-day — ;
I. e., at 'noon of the 120th , meridian, < or at
8 i>. m. Greenwich time. ¦ •
i J.-C BURNETT.
Weutenant. V. 8. N.. in charge. ¦
ARRIVED.
Thursday. Sept. 29.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Ktnir Francis H Leggett, Reiner, 38 hours
from San Pedro.
'Stmr Pomona, Bwanson. 18^ hours from
Stmr Point Arena. Miller,' 18 hours from
Mendoclno. via Point Arena 12 hours. •
Stmr 'W'hlttler, Dlckson, 30 hours from Ven
tura.
Htmr City of Sydney, Zeeder. 22 days and 12
hours frcm Ancon. via Mazatlan 5 -days 15
hours end 30 minutes.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 "hours from
Kan DIesfo. etc.
- Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 45 hours from San
Pedro. . ;¦;
Htrnr Despatch, Levlnson, 47 hours from San
Pedro. - ¦.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 11 days from Guay
mas, via En«enada 46 hours.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, SO hours from Coos
Bay.
Ship A 3 Fuller, Haskell, 73 days from
Newcastle, Aus. '
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hanson, 5 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Ruby. Korth, 5 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Mary Etta, Beck. — hours from Black*
Point.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. r .
CLEARED.
Thursday, Sept. 29.
Nor etrcr Titania, Foyn, Ladysmlth;, Western
Fuel Company.
Stmr Sonoma, Herrlman." Honolulu and
Sydney; J D Spreckels &. Bros Co.
Stmr Nevadan. Greene. Victoria, Seattle,
Tacoma and Hawaiian Islands; Willliams,
Dlmond & Co.' * . ¦
Br Ehip Drummulr. Armstrong, Eureka;
Western Commercial Company. ¦
SAILED. .
Thursday, Sept. 29.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles*. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr FA Kllburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson. San
Dlcgo. ' - . ¦
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Reiner, Eureka,
Nor stmr Titania, Foyn, Ladysmlth.
Stmr Whitesboro, Hanson, Greenwood.
Stmr Sonoma, Herrlman, Honolulu and
Sydney. .
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, Seattle.
i Stmr Scotia, .Johnson, Bo wens Landing.
Stmr "Alcazar. Wlnkel, Greenwood: i. '
• Stmr Porno, Ahlin. Albion.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, River.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, Caspar. -
Br shin Drummulr. Armstrong, Eureka, in
tour of stmr Francis H Leggett.
Br ship Port Elgin, . Hand,' London.'
SPOKEN, t
July 8— Lat 54 S, long 88 W,' Br bark
Sussex, from .Vancouver, - for Sunderland. - ¦
• Per etmr Curacao, 8ept 23 — Lat 23 ,N, long
109 30 W, schr ErTo, from • Port . Angeles, for.
Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Seot 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy and calm. . -
DOMESTIC PORTS. *
SEATTLE— Sailed "Sept 29— Stmr Farallon,
for Skagway; stmr Cottage Clty,«for 8kagway.
Arrived 8eot 2a — Stmr Dolphin, ¦ f roro Skag
way;' stmr Roanoke, from ¦ Nome: Br bark
Klldalton, from Hamburg.. ¦ .
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Coast
and cloudy and threatening weather over the
plateau region. Light rain has fallen In
Southern Utah and ¦Vyestern Texas.
The- pressure has fallen generally west of the
Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen about ten degreea
in Oregon, Northern,' Nevada and along the
Central California coast. In other districts
the rise has been slight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, SeDtember 30:
Northern California — Fair: continued warm
Friday; light northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Friday; iight
west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday: warmer.
, San Francisco and vicinity — Fair continued
warm Friday; light northwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Friday; light
northerly wind. •
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Friday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair: warmer Friday.
a. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster (temporarily in charge).
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Movements of Steamers.
M. J. Welch, ticket broker, was ord
ered discharged Yesterday by United
States Commissioner Heacock. He had
been accused of violating the Federal
statute prohibiting the ¦ collection of
a fee for procuring employment for
a sailor. It was alleged in the com
plaint that he had received" $50 each
rrom G. H. Hudson and W. T. Mc-
Kenzie, young men from the Fresno
raisin district, for procuring them
employment on the Government
transport Thomas.
Welch testified that the young men
were desirous of getting transporta
tion to Manila at a cheap rate, and he
told them that he would try to get
them a Job on the water front to en
able them to pay their passage.
Judge Heacock said that he was
convinced that "Welch had not violat
ed the law. i
Jndse Ilencock Dismisses the Charge
A en lust Hint of Taking a Fee
From Two Sailors.
BROKER WELCH PROVES
HIS GOOD INTENTIONS
Water Front Notes.
Diver Jack lioac-h ha* completed his exam
ination of the 6t«"azr.er Northland, now lying
at A!ain-Ftre« wharf, and has found the bot
toir. of the submerged vessel Ladly damaged
from her contact with the rocks of Monterey
¦¦ 'iwu nailors who had snipped on the Port
Kifc'in, bound to sea. Jumped overboard and
!«n ashore yesterday morning while the
sl>U' wa« lying in the bay. The first officer
of th<> vessel pursued the swimmers in one
of (rrwley's launches, but though Thomas Jr.
wa> at th<» engine and helm the swimmers
be»t the gasoline cralt and got ashore. The
BIjCta tailed for CZngLand.
'."•plain Oray of the Redstack Tng Company
r.:..- «on» e '.r. a vacation to the St. Louis Fair.
T5«? ships Crown of. Germany, Moliere and
ShakeFiieare and the schooner Advance art
yet overdue and are lasted for reinsurance?
The :¦' ¦ . :\ ;<•_ has been epoken.
NEWS OF TILE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The bark Heeper Is chartered for lumber
8-. ; poles from Pug&& Sound to Santa Rosalia,
Mexico, and the bark W. B. Flint returns to
Honolulu and Makaweli with general cargo.
Exports for the Antipodes.
The Oceania Steamship Company's Sonoma
Bailed . yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Tago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $305,286, tc° be dis
tribute as follows: For Honolulu, 1103,548;
Samoan Islands. $10,007; New Zealand, $64.
r,C6; Australia, $127,000; Fiji Islands, $105.
The following were the leading exports:
To Honolulu — 2331 pkgs fresh fruits, 92S
pkgs potatoes. 225 pkgs onions, 129 pkgs fresh
vegetables. 9520 lbs butter. 145 cs canned C9
Fkgp pickled salmon. 1284 lbs 6 cs tea, 1068
lbs heps, 2S40 lbs meals. S3 pk£s groceries
and provisions. 153 cs eggs. 3265 lba 10 cs
chpew. 1342 cs assorted canned goods. 3S06
ib« 6ri«6 fruit. 276 pkgs table preparations,
»O0 lb» coffe*. 10,0<X> lbs codfifh. 85 bbls beer,
£00 gals ••"> cs whisky, 10 cs champagne. 10
cs llQuors, 1913 lbs dried fish, 30 cs
mineral water. 57S3 lbs 10 cs hams
and baron. 5057 lb» sugar. 0 450 lbs
raisins, JWJ9 lbs fresh meat, 42** lbs fresh
fish. 865 lba dressed poultry 13 pkgs fresh
oyster, 1375 lbs gluco«e, 5 ctla wheat. 5 ctls
barley. 13 ftlo corn. 55.000 lbs rice. 1*007 lbs
can<!y. 2310 lbs lard. 5815 lbs beans, 13.949
lbs 16 cs mxrufaeturpd tobacco, 191 pkgs
dry gooSs, 12 cs hats and caps, 54 cs boots
and shoes. 2* pkgn tank material, 22 pkgn
electrical supplies; 20 pkgs machinery, 102 bxs
aoap. 79 pkgs drugs and sundries, 102 pkgs
paper. 1264 lbs zinc. 1000 lbs tin plate. 56
pkgs paints and oils. 8 cs arms and *m
munition, 20 bbls lubricating oil, 24 bbl» pitch.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 29—5 p. m.
Th« following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reoorted for the urevlous day
from Eastern cities:
Cincinnati S<i-72 New Orleans ....
Boston 00-52 Philadelphia 72-58
Jacksonville 92-70 Washington 74-62
6t Louis 90-74 New York t«-W)
rhlcago 82-74 Pittsburg SO-68
SAN FRANCISCO 80-70
COAST RECORD^
3 3 g 3 3 jjj; p o "s.
STATIONS. J la 2 1 ?§ f~ »
: 2 s : • : I
\ 3 3 ; . : :
Baker 30.14 72 4« NW Clear .00
Carson 29.96 C8 38 E Clear .00
Eureka 29.92 70 54 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.80 84 50 N • Clear. .00
S.E. Farallon. 29.84 65 00 NW Clear .00
FlagBtaff 29.80 06 2rt S\V Clear .00
Pocatello 30.08 72 S8 NW Cloudy .00
Independence .29.02 74 58 E Cloudy Tr.
Los Angeles .29.78 04 62 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.8S 78 «2 NE Clear .00
Phoenix 29.76 88 50 . SW Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.. 29.77 80 59 N Clear '. .00
Portland 30.08 76 60 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 23.84 00 70 N Clear .00
Roaeburg 30.00 74 52 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..20.80 88 <i2 NW Clear .00
Sal; Lake ...29.98 02 38 N Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.29.82 SO 70 NE Clear .00
San L. Obispo.29.80 86 M SW Clear .00
San Diego ...29.80 80 62 S Clear .00
Seattle 30.18 72 B2 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.18 70 60 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.18 CO 52 K» Clear .71
Walla Walla. .30.10 80 6« N Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.96 72 46 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.76 92 C2 SW Clear .00
1 he Ditton has had many mishaps sines her
arrival here She went ashore on the beach
¦oath ol the Cliff House, but luckily two tugs
were at hand to tow her into deep water.
Cai>ta.in l>avi* of the ehlp Dittos j-eaterday
tnorcias violated a customs law by breaking
•:.', s- ni.- on the hatches of his vessel. He
thought the cargo in the Dittos'! hold was
on fire and opened the hatches. His feara
were groundless and now Captain Davis must
• t; .a.: why he should not be fined the aum
Breaks the Customs Seals.
176 rolls felt, GS dcs steel castings and wheels.
b pkga locomotive parts.
To Samoan Islands — 29 bbls flour, 3S9 ca
canned salmon, 105 cs assorted canned goods,
139 pkgs groceries and provisions, 15 C9 table
preparations. 40 pkgs fresh fruits, 82 crts
potatoes, 24 crts onions. 7 cs egrgs, 2G50 ll>9
rice. 7S4 lbs bread, 725 lbs 4 cs dried fruit,
6047 ft lumber, 30 pkgs millwork. 12 pkgs
drugs. 405 lbs tobacco, 12 pkgs dry goods, 3
cs *hoe«. 3 bales twine. 10 pkgs paints. 5 cs
arms and ammunition. 20 bales bags, 482 pkgs
naval stores.
To New Zealand — 1121 pkg fresh fruits,
94.400 lbs dried fruit. C2.115 lbs raisins, 1860 cs
canned fruits. 550 cs caned salmcn, 57 cs
canned vegetables. 20 cs table preparations,
2304 lbs hops 490 crts 'onions. 3220 lbs cod
fish, .ViOO lbs cereal foods, 1448 lbs coffee, 550
lbs candy. 150 pkgs machinery. 22S pkgs metal
polish. 20 cs boots and shoes. 7 coils rope,
174 pkgs drugs and sundries. 212 rolls
r.f>wspai*r. 22.502 Ids pig lead. 32,728
Its manufactured lead. 1000 ft lumber, 24
jikgs sewing machine*. SN pkgs roofing mate
rial, o4 pkgs paints. 23 pkgs rubber goods. 11
bales rubber hose.
To Australia— 27.028 lbs hops, 53,356 lbs
dried fruit. 84C8 lbs raisins. 7484 cs canned
salmon, l.'io naif bbls pickled salmon, 2805
pkgs fresh fruits. 2b9 cs assorted canned
goods. 2.S2 gals whisky, 20<K) lbs 200 bxs cod
fibh. 1500 lbs lard. 4S02 coffee. 10 cs preserved
cherries. 1700 lbs dried fish. C<a pkgs drugs
end sundries, 50 flask* quicksilver, 21 pkgs
agricultural implements. 22 pkgs bicycles and
parts, 7G0 sks binder twine, !)8 cs boots and
shoes, 5 bales overalls, 61 pkgs machinery. 121
pkgs roofing material. 31 pkgs printing ink.
420 pkgs metal polish. 29 bales rubber hose.
0 cs arms and ammunition, 201 pkgs sewing
machines* 3423 lbs lead Uaps, 9 pkgs auto
mobiles and parts. 4609 tt lumber, 13 cs
leather. *8 PfcffR rubber goods.
To Fiji Islands — .10 rkffs fresh fruits, 20
crts onions, 10 cs. canned salmon.
Robert Dollar, from San Pedro.
Sailed SeDt 21t — Stmr Cobs Bay, for San
Francisco; stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept Ztf— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Sept 28.
EUP.EKA — Arrived Se?t 2»— Stmr Corona,
hence Sept 2S; stmr Homer, hence SeDt '2H;
etmr Arctic, hence Sept 28;,bktn Amelia, from
.Honolulu.
Sailed Sent 20— Stmr Acme, forf San Pedro.
Arrived Seat 2!>— Stmr Mandalay, hence
Sept 28.
Sailed Seat 29 — Stmr Pasadena, . for San
Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Sent 29 — Br stmr Ma
chaon, for Hon^konj. r
DUTCH HARBOK- Sailed Sent 12— H B M
etnir Shearwater, for Esquimau; U S stmr
Buffalo, for . Sept 13r-U S stmr Mc-
Arthur. for . •
MARSHFIELD ->¦ Arrived Sept 28— Stmr
Breakwater, hence Sept 27: stmr Alliance,
from Astoria. ' • ¦
UMPQUA— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr San Ga
briel, for San Pedro, via Eureka. Sept 28 —
Schr Lucy, for San Pedro; schr Sadie, for San
Pedro.
BALLARD— Sailed Sept 2!)— Schr Stlmson,
for Redondo: bktn Willla R Hum*, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 20 — Ger stmr
Arabia, from Hongkong; stmr Iaqua, hence
Sept 20.
Sailed SeDt 20 — Stmrs Alliance and Colum
bia, for San Francisco. - ¦ ••
Arrived SeDt 20 — Schr Taurus, -from San
Pedro;' Ger bark Nomla. from Shields. ¦ ¦ - l
Sailed SrDt 29 — Schr Zampa. for San Pedro.
BELLIXGH AM— Arrived SeDt 29— Bktn
Puako, .hence Sept 11.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 29 — SUnr Centra
lla, hence Sept 27.
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept 29— Stmr City
of Puebla, hence Sept 27 for Victoria, .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 29— Sohr Balboa,
from Port Blakeley.
Sailed. Sept 29 — Stmrs Celia. Shasta and
Coronado, for San Francisco; schr Bertie
Minor, for Eureka.
WESTPORT— Sailed Sent 29— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
UNION LANDING— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr
Rival, for Keedle Rock.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 27— Schr
Halcyon, hence Sept 19. Sept 2'J — Schr Otillie
Fjord, hence Scot 21.
¦ -Sailed Seot 29 — Schr Jennie Wand, for San
Francisco; etmr Melville Dollar, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Sept 27— Span stmr Isla
de Panay. for Singapore and Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS.
WALMER— Passed Sept 27— Ger ship Argus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 20— Ft bark
Neullly, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed SeDt 28— Fr bark
Amlral de Cornuller. for J-ondon.
COLON— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Finance,
for New York.
Dunns her practice in the northern part
oi the bay list Friday the naval submarine
boat 1'ike lost two Whltehead tyrpedoes. One
was caught la the net of three fishermen off
. -r, (juentla Puint Wednesday and the other
floated asht>re ••:. Accel lslacd. It was first
s»>en by Private BtocXholm of Company L.
Thirteenth Infantry- It was perfectly harm
less, having a dummy head. The ordnasc«
officers of ilhre were notifled.
Another Torpedo Floats Ashore.
WEATHER 11EPORT.
THE FINE BRITISH SHIP LAMORNA. WHICH DISAPPEARED LAST WINTER IN A FIERCE STORM ON THE WEST COAST
OF VANCOUVER ISLAND, LEAVING ONLY 'WRECKAGE AND OF WHICH NO WORD HAS .SINCE BEEN HEARD.
THE VESSEL HAS NOW BEEN FORMALLY POSTED BY LLOYDS AS "MISSING."
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Sydney
arrived yesterday troin Panama and way ports
with six cabin and eighteen steerage passen
gers. Her cargo is 9SO tons of freight and 33
laokates cf cold and silver bullion. Her
• ibin passengers are Lieutenant C. G. Rore
i-.etk of the Artillery Corps, United States
¦nny, and wife; Mrs. Annie Vlckers, Edward
11. Ar.thuny and Robert Cabrera and wife.
City of Sydney Arrives.
The formal postlnj; by Lloyds of the British
ship Lamnrra recalls the meager details eff the
¦'. :aarir«a.rance \vf this fine ship off Vancouver
;ast -winter. It serins strange that a full
viewed anil splendidly equipped vessel such
lis the Lamorca should go down In sight of a
wril-populated shore aad leave no survivor
to tell the story oi cieath and disaster. Uoyd»
v.aited until the limit of time and. no word
•¦omlr-r from the absent vessel, she la now
posted as s.ijmi'.i; — the epitaph of a dead ship.
Last of the Laniornn.
In regard to the statistics on the cost,'
operation and value of street sweepers
and street sweeping contracts, there
appeared before the committee, of
which Supervisor Rock was chairman,
several representatives of local ma
chinery companies.
George L. Belcher/ vice president of
the Henshaw-Bulkley Machinery Com
pany, gave some valuable estimates
to the committee on the cost of oper
ating street sweepers, the relative value
of various sweepers in regard to size
of the brush. Among other things he
said he thought Jfa day sufficient for
the renovating of brushes on machines,
figuring that the brushes lasted ten
days and that the rattan bristles cost
fifteen cents. He closed his statements
by offering to sell to the city a nine
foot brush machine at $335, and an ex
tra brush at $30.
A representative of the Studebaker
Company agreed to furnish a seven
foot brush machine to the city at $320
net. Gray Brothers' machines were
offered at $366 05.
From, the statements of J. B.. Cow
den, superintendent of street sweep
ing, it was learned that there are thirty
more men on the payroll than there
are machines. Owing to this no man
in the service could work more than
four days in the week. He also said
there were no other men in his depart
ment who were from the cjvil service
besides himself.
\ The decision of the committee was to
pass a resolution directing the Board
of Works to render requisitions for
purchases and supplies to the Board
of Supervisors, according to the pro
visions of the charter. The committee
then adjourned to meet Monday at
11:30 o'clock.
The ultimate-decision of the commit
tee was to continue the investigation of
the Yorke inquiry until Monday, when
a decision would be reached. .
WILL DECIDE MONDAY.
After Inspector Boone had left the
-stand'.F. M, Yorke was called upon to
testify^ At the first question by Bran
denstetn as .to who- were the organizers
of F. M.^pfbrke & Company Yorke re
fused to reply. After twij more ques
tions- Mr. Yorke arose hastily and said
that he objected to being questioned
as to his personal affaire. He also ex
pressed regret-at losing his temper at
the last meeting. of the committee and
thanked the members fpr their forbear
ance, but positively refused .to
answer personal questions. He .was
somewhat mollified by Brandenstein's
statement that the committee merely
required yes or no.
During Yorke's- testimony it' was,
shown that the F. M. Yorke Company*
received the , contract from the city
on July 14, while the-company was in
'corporated on the 19th of "July. This
Yorke explained by saying that the
contract, which was signed F. M.
Yorke & Company, was entered into
by the firm of F. M. Yorke & Company,
which consisted at that time of Yorke
and P. M. Gopchevitch. It was' Uso
brought, out that Yorke & Company's
plant was not purchased until after the.
contract was awarded.
% The next witness to testify before. the
committee was Leonard S. Wood, a
clerk in the Board of Works depart
ment. When questioned as to his "O.
K." on the Yorke bills he said that
his "O. K." merely referred to the com
puting of the amounts, that he received
those amounts from the inspector, W.
S. Boone, and admitted that he had no
means of verifying the figures. ¦'_,'
The joint committee of the Board of
Supervisors on finance and streets met
yesterday afternoon and continued the
Investigation of the inquiry into the
bills rendered, by F. M. Yorke '& Com
pany for street paving, and estimates
by local merchants on the cost of op
eration of street sweepers.
The first witness called, Supervisor
Brandenstein acting as chairman, was
W. -R. Boone, the inspector', charged
with looking after the work done by
the contractors 5f bituminous pave
ment. -During the inquiry, it was de
veloped that the small note book kept
by Inspector Boone was the city's si>le
record of the amount of work done by
the. contractors up to the time the total
amounts were transcribed into the
books of the Board of Public Works.
Later Morri3 Levy, secretary of the
Board of Works, testified that he took
the "O. K," of the bookkeeper, Leon
ard S. Leavy, as to the correctness of
the amounts on the -bills rendered by
F. M. Yorke & Company against the
city. When asked by Supervisor Bran
denstein how he knew the amounts
were correct, Levy said that he took
the inspector's word -for it.
questioning developed the fact that
Secretary Levyh'ad made no verifica
tion of the books k>t the Works Board,
whereupon .he was* advised by Bran
denstein that it was his duty to veri
fy them. '_ <. '
,; YORKE OX HIS IMGN1TY.
The Board of Sunervlsors was peti
tioned .to enact an ordinance prohibit
ing the conveyance of soiled- clothes in
baskets; especially in the street cars,
as it is a menance to health.
The board requested the Supervisors
to appoint. Doctors Regensberger, Blue,
Trotter' and -O'Neill special police offi
cers with power to arrest those who
violate sanitary laws. \$
Dr. C. A: Glover was appointed emer
gency surgeon, vice Dr. Boskowitz.
, E, M. Coffey and P. R. Hennessy were
granted an increase; of 110 in salary for
.efficient service. . . -V ? 3 ' -
Dr. -W; C. Hassler w"as appointed act
ing health officer in place of Health Of
ficer Ragan, who leaves shortly for the
East oa official business. - . *
-Cellars at 711. 711%. '717, 721 and 723
-Jackson street were condemned and
owners of premises at 211 and 213 Tenth
street,. 951 Sixteenth avenue South, 24
and 26 Washington place, 515%, 517%,
519%. 621 and; 623 Pacific street, 100, 102,
104, 106, 112 and 114 Montgomery avenue
• and 514, 516 and 520 Jackson street were
ordered , to show cause why the prem
ises should not be vacated.
Rules .were adopted for the govern
ment of applicants for certificates as
master plumbers which provide that
applicants .taking two examinations
and failing to pass must' wait for six
months before taking another. ¦
Ragan in his report directs .attention
to the fact "that infant' "and '.child mor
tality has decreased" thirty per.cent in
the. last three months and contagious
diseases are on the decline. This con
dition he attributes to school and dairy
inspection'. ..-. - " . '.,
Ragan also calls attention to the in
tention of the board to stop shrimp
catching off Butchertown, under an or
dinance prohibiting it. He also reported
that out of sixty-nine dairies inspected.
eleven only are good, fifteen fair- and
f crty-three poor as to sanitary condi
tions required by the new ordinance.
Dr. B. M. Hinkle waa granted a leave
of absence for one month.
Health Officer Ragan filed his report
on dairy investigation with the Health
Board yesterday and as a result three
dairies were condemned as being un
sanitary. The dairies condemned are
those of J. Lapachet in San Mateo. his
milk being ordered quarantined; the
depot of ..the Maine Dairy at Tenth
street near Howard,' and the dairy of
Barrilliaa Brothers in South San Fran
cisco,, which was bought from a former
owner, J. Andrea, after it was rated as
filthy by the board. Ra^an recom
mends that the dairy industry should
not be permitted to exist on the penin
sula, as there is no pasture so short a
distance from tide water. «
Deaths -of Infants Is Less
by Thirty Per Cent Dur
ing Past Three Months
Lady Rupert Clarke of Melbourne
is a passenger aboard the Sonoma, "re
turning home from England, and Syd
ney C!«rentson, a veteran wool buyer,
is making his twenty-second voyage to
Australia. S. E. Kerr of Portland, Or.,
is on his way to Melbourne to meet
the future Mrs. S. E. Kerr; Floyd Mc-
Farland and D. J. Walker are aboard
the liner, returning from the Paris
races; J. Cal dwell, member of the colo
nial parliament, is going home on the
Sonoma from the peace conference at
St. Louis.
Pacific wharf, or Pier 7, was crowded
yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock when
the Oceanic Company's steamship So
noma sailed for Honolulu, Auckland
and Sydney. The vessel was loaded
to her capacity with cargo. There were
many passengers, whose friends were
present in numbers to bid them fare
well. Many tons of freight was left on
'he wharf and the passenger lists were
closed Ions before the ship sailed.
Supervisors' Finance and
Street. Committee Will
IT.ike Further Inquiry
YOBKE CLAIMS HELD UP
M0ETA1ITY DECREASING
Inspector Boone's Cursory
, Note Taking Is the Sole
Kecord of .Work- Done
Health Board Finds Many
3Iilk Kanches Bo Not Com
ply With New Ordinance
CITY'S BILLS
BADLY CHECKED
BRITISH SHIP LAMORNA, WHICH DISAPPEARED LAST
WINTER ON VANCOUVER COAST, IS REPORTED MISSING
Another Torpedo Is
Found in the
Bay.
THREE DAIRIES
ARE CONDEMNED
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
On Sunday, Oct. : 2, the California
Northwestern J Railway will change " its
time, putting in effect on that date its
-winter . schedule. . .' . , . f
j Chanse of ' Time.
7
AP^'EKTISEMEXTS.
™ LONDON
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
throughout the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
¦ Old Country. Besides being a com-
.piete comr-crcial guide to London
ind its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPORT MERCHANTS
• .ih the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
' |J Pply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
r.rrangcd under the Ports to which
i!iey sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc.. in the princi-
pal provincial towns and' industrial
centers of the United Kingdom. *
A copy of the 1905 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on ...cipt of
Postoffice Order for $5.
ThcLondonDirectbry
Co., Ltd.,
•25 Abchurch Lane, London, E. C.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ T
1049 MAXJCET STMET.
Phone South 894. Opp. Fragers.
Txlday ni Saturday Specials.
6 Its. HXW SANTA CLAiti.
FBXTITES .25C
Largest six*, fine and sweet.
9 IbS. BO&UZB OATS 25c
,v '. . Freeh Roods, no old ttock.
tt-Ib. «aa BOTAL BAXXNO POW-
DBS, rsar. 88c 2Oc
1 Id. pkr. COUf 8TAXCB oc
(Full lb«.)
KEXmra CATSTXF, laxsr* fcottle,
rar. ago. • • 2Oc
KXXjra'S VIUJUUBS AHO CIOW,
toottla roar. 30c 25c
All now goeds and 2d to none.
CAF23 COD C2EAITBEB3LXES
qnsrt 10c
These are the best la the world.
3 sacks SAX.T 5c
Flm dry Table Salt.
TAJCT I1MOXS, dozen Re
rOBK ASS 82AXS XH TOMATO
SAUCE, l-n>. can .......... .5c
a cans* JSBSXY or EZ.K ESAS
• QHTIAM ISC
PAJiCT.suoAB oosir, eaa..lOc
Country orders solicited. Fr»» dellrery
within 100 rail"* of San Frandaco.
Price ' list mailed on application.
Pfeiirisy
Pnenmoma
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your -nioney returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medic&l Mis:. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free, of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
A Smiling Face^
signifies robust health and good
digestion. You can always
carry a smiling face in spite of
care and worry if you ieep ; .'
your liver right and your
digestion good by using
Beecham's
Pills
Sold everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c.
p visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
4MUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
A Q) MRKASSKH.trt. 1**76. l-rcil. 3
\ E3T Tfc* Lumt Aaatoaical Mourn la tk« \
A Vftld. WttltMBti or Jay naiitcKil A
7 §5? fM *»«« p«»IIImIi ••r»4hy th«ol<l«t V
© /Sal Sp«t»li« o« the Co««. EfLjtyuri. O
A AW5*h DR. JCSOA: -D'SEASES OF HEX J
\ ar&9On CoaratMoaa fr«« «n4 ftrittly prirat*. \
0 I JmH II T'*?""" 1 * pfr-on»!ljr or by letter. A J
T J {TnO fnictm Curt in a»erf ca»rad«mJieB. \
ar'J II ft w "«« f « P" #k ¦ nuLMorar «r A
Y • n jl* itnnu«E, uailbo wumm, (AT
Jk A VL »miu»bl« b«ok for an) \
V JDB. JOtt»A3«*CO.10ilM«rTr*tSt..ar. Y
. OCEAN' TRAVEL!
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (plera 9 and 11),
San Francisco:
For KetchiJcan. Wrans«l,
Juneau. HaJnes. Ska«u*y.
««C.. Alaska— 11 a. ra.. Octo-
ber 2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 27. Nov.
1. Chanse to thta company'*
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. VanoouTer,
Port ' Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, • Everett.
Anacortee, Belllnjtham — 11 a. m.. October 2.
t. 12. 17, 22, 27, Nov. 1. Chanse at Seattle. to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to Jf. P. Ry.: *t
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p m. October 1. 7, 13. 19. 25. 31. Nov. «.
Corona. 1:30 d. m.. October 4, 10. 1«, 22. 28,
For' Los Anceles (via Port Tjo* Anjf«le« «nd
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbarm—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of Calif ornU. Thursdays. f> a, m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Veatura and Huenmne.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. October 6. 14. 22, 30. Nor, T.
Coos Bay; 9 a. m.. October 2. 10, 18. 29,
Nov 3 . -» - f
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d«!
Cabo Mazatlan. AltaU. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chanjre steamers or (ailing data*.
TICKET OTTICBS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market «t..and Brrad-
way wharves. rr«l«fHt Offloa 10 Market st.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. <_
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. wm
call for and check bafrcage from hotels ant
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
"TOYO KISEN KA1SHA
(ORIENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave Pacific Man wharf, cor-
eer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. tot
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling $t
Kobe (Hlego). Nagasaki and Shanghai sad
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board on daj)
of sailln*. ,
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
...."Wednesday. October 19. 19««
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freUht and passacs apply at Cora*
oiiny'i oftlcc. 421 Market street, corner First.
VT. H. AVERT. Cenerat Agent:
OceanicS.s.co. EsSSsrS
B 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. S, 11 a.m.
8* 8 MARIPOSA, for TahlU. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
8 s" 'VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20, 2 p. ra.
J.D.SPRICKL34B&0S. Ca, Aj!l,TICftlCaB643Iir-
faL • ftflgat Offles 329 Marlsi St.'fig 7. Pasiib li
C0«A8»« GS5E3AL1 nUHSATLAXTlQHL
DIRECT j LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS Jt^m
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pl«* 42. fl W
North River, foot of Morton «t
rrtnt elaa« to Havre. $70 and upward. S*s-
ond^M to HaVr.. $« and upward. OSX-
ERAL AX3ENCT FOR UNITED STATES AN©
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
NVw Tort. JT T. FUGAZI A CO.. Partfla Coaat
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMER Ii J. CORCORAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay st. N end of Ferry bid*,
daily 9:30 a-'m.. S «nd *8 p. m. Sundays.
S?30 aT m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally »:30
a.' m. 12:20 aad 5:30 p.-m- Sundays 5 p. rn.
Fare 23c. P. A. G. Co. Phone Mala ML
•Saturdays excepted.
Tor V. S. W»rjr Tixd and Valla Jo.
Strs. General Frtsble. Monticello aad Arrow,
0:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.m.. J:3Op.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays »:45 a-m..
13*30 p.m., A p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. :t :15 p.m., 8 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m., » a-ra., 3:2O^pm.. H p.m. Pier 3.
ft. Mission st. : phone Mala 1508. HATCH BRO8
WEEKLY CALL, $1-00 PSS YEJLa.
ADATflKTXSEMENTS.
OCTOBER
OVERLAND
MONTHLY
Every Militiaman
in California
15 SHOULD READ
CENTS THE STORY OF
g ATASCADERO
J JOHN G. NEIHARDT
MORE
v °*
X "THE LAST
L THUNDER SONG.*"
¦U' £:£
E CHAS. S. FEE
THAN Tells
T of
W SAN FRANCISCO
g AS A CONVEN-
Y TION CITY.
FIVE ¦¦-'¦¦- ¦ ¦
c ; THE CZAR'S
g CONCESSIONAIRES
T A Story of Russian •
S Trickery. ' . .
r IN ANY OTHER MAGAZINE."We have none left unframed," he answered. "The picture is such
a favorite that we are sold out— all except that one in the window. But
we have some of the same series unframed at ninepence (18 cents)
each, and I assure you, sir, you can't get anything better for that
money in London."
He showed me several pictures with which the generosity of The
Call has made its readers familiar. P Still recalling on what terms those
highly privileged persons had obtained them I showed no eagerness to
buy.
"You will find these same pictures selling in Regent-street shops for
one shilling and one and sixpence each," said the proprietor, anxious to
convince me that he was offering me genuine bargains. "You can go and
see for yourself, and if you find that I haven't told you the truth I'll^
make you a present of them." • . ''.}'?¦$¦
Having had' some experience of Regent-street prices I did not doubt
his word. But I wpndered if he would believe me if I also treated him to
a -bit i of truth. It was a hazardous experiment, but I resolved to
make lit." '^,1
"In San Francisco," I said to him, looking, him square In the eyes,
"there is published a newspaper called The San Francisco Call. On Sun
days it prints * a paper treble the size of any printed in London and con
taining vastly more interesting reading matter. That is sold for 6 cents
—twopence halfpenny in -your money— and with each paper is given
.one of these pictures that you sell for ninepence."
;' He looked at me compassionately, and said:
"I suppose it is catching over there, and you can't help it, but if you
will excuse me for saying so, sir, I think Americans ought to keep; their
stiff yarns for home consumption. *We can get along very well with
what we turn out 'ourselves In our comic papers."
CONDON, Sept. 2.— At the Direct Art Company's shop in the Strand,
prominently displayed in the window and framed, I. saw to.-day a
picture precisely similar to that which was given away with the
Sunday edition of The San Francisco Call some months ago. It
was the product of an American color print firm, and was entitled "The
Passing Storm." Pretty enough it looked to hang up anywhere and,
being curious to ascertain how such works of art are valued here, I in
quired the price. x
"Only four shillings and sixpence," replied the proprietor, "and I as
sure you, sir, it is cheap at the price." In American money that is equal
"What is the price of It unframed?" I asked.
Special Correspondence.
Art Dealers Sell for Fancy Prices Pfctures Like Those
Given Away by The Call, and Say "You Can't o
Get Anything Better for That Money."
THEY DO SUCH THINGS AND THEY
X SAY SUCH THINGS— IN OLD LONDON
.- Clerk— We •¦ have taken Just \ one-half
off this ; lot of stockings.
C . Miss jNeer.. slghtrrThen . they must be
socks.."' 1 1 don't , wear, .'em. • Good' morn-
Ttfrs. BInkeyheim— Oh! Binkey, there's
a burglar— how'd ; he" get -. In ? - . . I '.' '.'.". , . '¦
Mr. Binkeyheim (half asleep)— With a
skeleton key,'; m'r dear.
B.— Oh!, heavens! Tell- him i to
take anything , he ..wants, f , Just' : so', he
don't- let the skeleton Tout ; of oui ( closet. >
- Special Information supplied, daily tm
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). S3* C«>
IXorala street. Telephone ilaia 10tt» V.
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic lire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN— W.
J. R., Stockton, CaL Madison Square
Garden, New York City, occupies the
entire block bounded by Madison and
Fourth avenues and Twenty-sixth and
Twenty-seventh streets. Madison
Square Theater, In the same city. Is on
Twenty-fourth street, near Broadway.
WINE — G. S. B., Fresno. CaL This
department has not the space to tell
"how to make a barrel of wine with
ordinary ranch conveniences." Any
bookseller can, at small cost, procure
for you a book on wine making that
will give you the information you de
sire.
GODFATHER — G. R.. Melones, CaL
None Of the published accounts, do
mestic or foreign, name the godfather
of the child recently born to the Em
peror and Empress of Russia.
BORN AT SEA — P. S., City. The na
tivity of a man who was born at sea
is that of the flag flown by the vessel
on which he was born.
Answers to Queries.
A sculptor sculped away for years
And oft his hopes were high.
And often he was cursed with fears.
And oft his bread was dry.
At last his group was done, at last
The veil was drawn aside:
The women looked and hurried past;
"The shameful thing!" they cried.
The sculptor, hollow-eyed and wan.
Heard and held up his head;
•Thank God! Be gone, my doubts. b«
gone!
It must be art!" he said.
— Chicago Record-Herald.
Art.
Female Ximrod of Kansas.
Recently the Jewell Republican told
of the skill of Miss Bertha Cheney
with a gun. The story invited a let
ter from Mrs. J. H. Crandall, formerly,
a Jewell County girl, but now living on
a farm near Stockton. V *' ' ?>
"I believe," says Mrs. Crandall,
"that I have done better than Miss
Cheney, for I have killed five Jack
rabbits and twenty-six cottontails
since June 1, and I used a .' -caliber
target rifle. I live on a stock farm and
my husband is away*most of the time. I
milk thirteen cows by myself, and
when I go after the cows I always
take my- rifle with me."
New Photographic Wonder.
One of the latest photographic
wonders is a machine capable of re
ceiving impressions at the rate of 200Q
a second — thirty or forty times as fast
as the ordinary cinematograph. It Is
hoped that with it insects' wings in
motion may be photographed and the
problem of flight solved.
Glimpse Into Mythology.
Bacchus had fallen off the cart.
"I Just couldn't help It," he admitted.
"I got tangled up with a Kentucky ed
itor."
Gulping down another highball he
tacked across the street.
Editor of The Call^ Regarding pri
mary election frauds you say: "Evi
dence of crime is abundant, but clews
to perpetrators are wholly lacking."
One preventive measure to stop
these frauds is to have enforced strict
ly the law which says election officers
must be chosen from the precincts in
which they reside. It Is the custom to
flagrantly violate this provision and
the "bobtail and ragtag" element from
the slums is in evidence all over town.
Election officers should consist of
clerk3, etc.. who have been employed
in the Registrar's office and on the
precinct registration boards. They
may not remember all the voters in
their precincts, but they can easily
identify Wymans and frauds and
crooks as being other than those they
claim to be when they approach tho
voting booths.
AN EX-ELECTION OFFICER.
Election Frauds.
There should be no excuse for illeg
ible handwriting, yet there is much of
It. A certain Columbus club woman,
having a friend who was an indiffer
ent scribe, attempted to break her of
the habifln a very novel manner. Re
ceiving a note from her friend one day,
which was exceptionally hard to de
cipher, she conceived the idea of pre
tending it was an invitation to dine,
and accordingly wrote this reply: "I
shall take great pleasure in accepting
your invitation to dinner to-morrow
evening." A short time after this note
had been delivered the telephone rang,
and on answering it she recognized
the voice of her friend at the other end
of the wire. "Hello," it said, "you
were mistaken in my note. I asked
you if you would subscribe to the
'home' fund." "Oh, was that it?" an
swered the woman. "I couldn't make
out your note and I wanted to answer
something."
SHE SCRIBBLED
RYE BREAKFAST CAKES — Beat
one egg well, add one-half cup of su
gar, two cups of milk, a saltspoon of
salt, one and one-half cups of rye
meal, one and one-half cups of flour
and three level teaspoons of baking
powder. Bake In gem pans that have
been heated and greased.
APPLE AND CELERY SALAD.—
Pare sour apples and cut into dice.
Slice stalks of celery crosswise Into
quarter-inch pieces. Make a French
dressing with six tablespoons of oil.
three tablespoons of lemon Juice, a
saltspoon of salt and as much papri
ka as liked. Mix the apple and celery
and pour the dressing over about fif
teen minutes before serving.
GINGERBREAD. — Put three level
tablespponfuls of butter into two cups
of molasses, add one level tablespoon
of ginger, a quarter level teaspoon of
salt. Sift one level teaspoon of soda
with four and one-half cups of flour
twice, then. add to the other.Ingredi
ents with one cup of sweet milk. Bake
in large shallow pan and cut in
squares.
CREAMED EGGS. — Melt a level
tablespoonful of butter in a chafing
dish, add one-half cup of cream and
a dust of salt and pepper. Drop one
egg at a time Into the dish and poach,
basting all the time with the hot
cream.
Some Good Recipes.
As is customary at the beginning of
every season, the positive announce
ment Is made that shirt waists* are no
longer fashionable, and that every
skirt must have a waist to match: yet,
strange to say, the shops are full of
the most fascinating designs for shirt
waists, and seamstresses* and dress
makers alike are busy making blouses.
The truth of the matter la that the
shirt waist Is an absolutely essential
garment, and cart no more be dis
pensed with than a coat or shirt. In a
handsome costume It is not so fash
ionable to have a waist of different
material from the skirt; but, none the
less, with the coat and skirt there are
many occasions when a cloth waist — •
in fact, one of any material except
ing lace or linen, silk or satin — is
most . uncomfortable to wear under
the coat, and when the smart sepa
rate waist Is the only correct style.
Shirt Waists Still Worn.
Velvet win play an Important role la
winter modes and loose sack and plait
ed coats of this material with small
sleeves and braided epaulets are to bo
seen in an atelier where advanced mod
els are in evidence for buyers, says
a Paris correspondent. Black taffeta
will be popular for autumn and winter
house gowns, but for the present shot
green and black, rose and gray taffe
tas are very chic. A pretty and at
tractive model of green and. black taf
feta costume of the coat and skirt per
suasion has a Jacket of the bolero cut
collarless, as are all these little apolo
gies of wraps. It is cut In panels,
which are trimmed with braid and
edged with the same soutache. The
skirt Is made In panels to match the
bolero and also adorned with braid.
The sleeves are slashed to the elbow,
braided and finished with three-inch
ruffles or Alencon lace over plaited
white chiffon.
Velvet Again.
Mr. Justwed— What are you going to
do with all those crab apples?
Mrsl Justwed-fYou said you were go
ing ¦crabbing to-morrow" and - 1 got ¦ you
these -^0^ bait. %
I The '; Mouse - (in > the sideshow)— Grar
• clous! Did;I "make that lady's; hair
> stand up like that ? - ' ' ¦_,.
npHE man who invented a device by which users of telephones
I might see each other has broken his model into pieces and de
stroyed every plan and specification of his invention. , His reason
is that he, would be cheated out of it anyway! ,It is, a pity that he
had no adviser whom he could trust to secure to him the'advantage
of such a discovery. Inventors are seldom good business people, and
are usually in necessity because they spend -much unrequited time
and effort over their discoveries, and when they make a hit are out
of bread and raiment, , so that their necessities arc taken advantage
of by designing men and they see the profit go to others.
Still, the discoverers of such devices as the sewing machine, the
telephone, the air brake and many other inventions that are how
prime necessities in the business world had their reward. This
proves that an inventor need not be without hope in the world. - This
invention for seeing by telephone has great .possibilities.* The user
of the instrument would gladly look - upon the hello girl who is
*'sassing" him, and she would like to make a snoot at the man who
is swearing at her. Parties engaged in a long and animated con
versation over the wire would be glad to identify the Paul Prys who
take down their phones to listen, and everybody would; like, to see
the fellow who uses the instrument to speak abusively. to some one
whom he dislikes. *
Not long ago a run-on a bank in Oakland was started by a
vicious person by use of the telephone to alarm depositors by lies
about the bank's solvency. The criminal and injurious uses of the
telephone are increasing, and this; destroyed invention jyould,pre
vent or limit them,' It is -to be hoped that the inventor will; think
better 'of it and reconstruct his machine.
A DISGUSTED INVENTOR.
The Berlin Omnibus Company, find
ing that the hats used for horses are
unsuitable In the case of pairs; have
introduced "sunshades" for their pro
tection from the sun. These "sun
shades" consist of a - wire framework
covered with canvas and fasten to the
harness. The advantage claimed for
this novelty is that, besides protect
ing the animals from the sun, it al
lows a free current of air to pass over
their heads. t-H^
Sunshades for Horses.
¦George Woods of Hoboken, after
quarreling ' with his wife, Ida, about
her desire to return to the stage, drew
a pistol and fired at her. The woman
fell to the floor and Woods, believing
that he had killed her, sprang from a
rear window and ran away. He has
not yet been found.
Mrs. Woods was taken to St. Mary's
Hospital, # where the doctors found that
her corset had deflected the bullet,
which had passed almost entirely
around her body without touching the
skin. . • .*
Corset Saves Her. ><
NO more significant commentary upon the efficacy of the Demo
cratic propaganda for Filipino self-government has become
manifest than that expressed unconsciously in a recent com
munication from Governor Wright of the Philippines to President
Roosevelt. Therein he states that the very fact of the agitation
for an autonomous government, which has been set in motion by the
I'ilipino plank of the Democratic" platform, has already caused to
appear among the reactionaries and former insurrectos of the Phil
ippines a dangerous spirit of unrest and arrogant self-assurance.
"The effect of this is distinctly injurious," says the Governor.
To the ignorant and only half-tamed mind of the aVerage Filipino
there can be no distinction between the present agitation of the
Democrats and the cnA of the anti-imperialists of the days of mili
tary rule. In the Democratic promise of a freedom untrammeled
and absolute, the lately pacified revolutionary distinguishes naught
but an iteration of the* old protest against any domination on the
part of this Government — a protest which did more to prolong the
war in the Philippines than any single other cause. Between the
"antis of four years ago and the Democrats of 'to-day the power
greedy islander makes no distinction; both strive to give over to his
hands the unfamiliar and glittering plaything, sovereignty, and his
heart is glad within him. .^^
The party which was strongest in its protest against the length
of the war in the Philippines— "the war of aggression against a help
less people" — is now fostering the very troubles which that con
flict put an end to by stirring up again the latent lust of the natives
for something to satisfy their reckless vanity. In making an issue of
the Filipino independence question the Democratic party is com
mitting itself, not to a negative policy alone, but to one absolutely
dangerous and destructive. . The flourishing of unrestricted autono
mous government before the eyes of the Filipinos is the deliberate
courting of danger from fires still smoldering.
FILIPINO INDEPENDENCE.
Which Is the punctual, or at least
unpunctual sex? A correspondent of
the London Chronicle, who has been
making studies in the portico of the
Royal Academy, arrives at very cer
tain conclusions, and he has given us
the benefit of them. The two benches
that flank the door are* filled each
morning at an even hour, such as 11,
with ladies who have arrived any time
during the preceding fifteen minutes.
Their patient eyes are fixed on Pac
cadilly. For ten minutes nothing oc
curs. Then one 'by one men arrive,
and the awaiting woman rises 'with
cheerful alacrity to join her dilatory
lord. She offers reproaches, and he
makes no, apologies. "We are both
punctual" is the first man's compla
cent exclamation to the woman, who
came a quarter of an hour early, and
smiles, not in irony, but in pleasure,
that toer thirty minutes of monotony
is relieved by the assure'd presence of
her expected man. The last laggard to
arrive is half an hour late. "I thought
it better to give you a little grace," he
says, benevolently. And she murmurs,
"Thanks." :' ,
UNPUNCTUAL SEX
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SA N FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
Turning to* a comparison of Japan's foreign trade with that of
Russia, the results are rather startling. Japan with a population of
40,000,000 in 1903 had a total import and export trade of $250,970,000,
while Russia with 130,000,000 of people had $675,603,125. The Jap
anese furnish therefore twice as much foreign trade per capita as
the Russians. In marine tonnage Japan has steam^nnd sail 1690,581
and Russia 800,334, so that Japan has a far greater tonnage per capita,,
implying greater commercial activity in proportion to her population.
The Japanese imports were $146,625,000; the Russian $278,003,125.
From this it" will be seen that the Japanese trade is worth going
after, and If the French writer is correct as to the advantage of our
geographical situation our command of it is to be sought. We have
more surplus of what Japan needs than any other nation, and in the
exchanges her products need not all be absorbed by us, as the trade
will make us the factor between Japan and Europe for the distribu
tion of her surplus.. Her production of silk and tea, two world sta
ples, is increasing, and will naturally seek an outlet to the world
through the United States. These considerations will make our
people far from indifferent as to the outcome of the present war.
T T 7HILE its volume does not attract attention, the increase of
Wy our trade with Japan is significant- That increase of course
* V will show great gains when the returns for the last fiscal year
arc made, for our exports have been enormously increased by the
war. It is probable that nearly $20,000,000 of Japanese trade has
been centered in San Francisco in the last year, or has been car
ried through here and exported on our Pacific liners. With her
natural expansion permitted, the foreign trade oi that empire will
be greatly enhanced-- Especially in foodstuffs we may expect a
large share of the increase.
The farm land of Japan is divided into very small holdings, and
every square inch is made to produce its utmost. , But the population
increases faster than the. food supply and the islands in that respect,
as in many others, grow, to resemble the condition of the British Isles.
We offer the best source of a supply and that, as in the case of Great
Britain, is a guarantee of amity between the two countries. Japan
has done more in the . encouragement of agriculture than Great
Britain. Only 15 per cent of the land in Japan is arable, or 14,995,272
acres, and 55 per cent of the farms are of only two acres. Every
farmer's family follows some subsidiary industry, such as rearing silk
worms and reeling and'spinning silk.
The Government aids agriculture by irrigation laws, the pro
tection of forests to conserve moisture, the formation' of farmers*
guilds or clubs, and improved drainage.-" A'Govemment -experimental
farm with nine branches is maintained, where inspection of seeds,
agricultural chemistry, entomology, vegetable physiology and path
ology and horticulture are taught. This work has increased the
products of the soil by minimizing the ravages of insects and plant
diseases, and by the introduction of new plants. One of the most use
ful aids furnished by the Government is the hypothek banks, which
loan capital to the fanners on low interest and enable them 'to im
prove their condition by cheap use of their credit. Livestock, espe
cially ruminating animals, is not an important industry, because of
the lack of native forage plants suited to them, and the land , is too
valuable to be seeded in exotic forage plants. '*'.'.
But with all these drawbacks on agriculture Japan has increased
her foreign trade, and when the exchanges get sufficient to mate
rially augment her food supply more of her .population will be re
leased from farming to engage in the industries which supply the
foreign demand. In 1902 we exported to Japan $24,000,000 of pro
ducts, against $25,000,000 from Great Britain and $2O,ooojpoo from
China. That is not particularly encouraging. But when we turn
to the increase in our trade the statistics take on a' more cheerful asr
pect, In 1890 Japan took of us only $3,000,000, and o£ Great Britain
$13,000,000. In 1902 she took of us $24,000,000, and of Great Britain
$25,000,000. So our trade increased in twelve years $21,066,000 and
Great Britain's only $12,000,000. - . -
A French political economist writing on the subject says it may
as well be admitted that the United States, by reason of its geo
graphical position, will soon exceed all other nations asT an exporter
to Japan. Y '.'•¦.' •
6UR JAPANESE TRADE.
PARKER (the Esopus Patient)— "Can't YOU Do Something for Me, Dr. Gorman?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALjL
,OI« P. SPKEOffiLS. ... :.-.:... Propel
i JU)DBXS3 »"- COitMTINlCATIONS TO - V*~Sr~"
JOHXMcyAUGHT...... ............ ... .....".. Manage*
rrpucATiox omqc ? .tbxbx* AirokAJuacT sragirra. SAif raAycraoc^
FRIDAT .«.- « . ? SEPTEMBER 30. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO " CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
Fashion News
and
Household Hints
8The Supreme Court yesterday. denied
the appeal or Louise Mooser. from the
Superior Court Judgment distributing
the real property of the Henry Pichoir
estate to other heirs. The appellant
wanted the costs paid pro rata from
the real . and personal property. Th*
courts are considering" several other
points In the; dispute over the estate.
Mrs. Mooser Loses Appeal.
Th«» United States leads all countries
a* a consumer of coffee.
M. M^nd^Is, a traveling salesman.
•was arrested in Los Angeles yesterday
on a telegraphic request of Chief Witt
man. He is accused of felony embez
zlement by G. W. Reynolds, a whole
sale underv.-ear merchant at 597 Mls-
Flon street. Reynolds says that he does
r.ot know the extent of money misap
propriated by Mendels, but is certain
that the yum is in the thousands. The
prisoner will be brought' to this city
by Detective Coleman.
Allejr«l EiiibexzJer Under Arrest.
The engagement Is announced of
Miss Bertha Frances r Burckbardt,
daughter of llr. and Mrs. Adolph
Burckhardt of Portland, to J. C. Meus
dorffer of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. F. von Jochumsen en
tertained at a musicale on Tuesday
evening in their new home at 406 Lo
cust 6treeti After supper Interesting
contests . were engaged in and first
p-izes were awarded to Mrs. W. Dun
lap. Attorney Robert Duke and Mr. L.
Godwin of Vallejo for their clever
ness. •
The fee for the entire course is J2 50,
at which rate the classes promise to
exceed those of last year.
On October 5. at 10:30 o'clock a. m..
Mrs. Louise Benson will begin a series
of ten lectures In the "First Unitarian
parlors on topics social, political, eco
nomic, literary and scientific— all live
and of vital interest, as those who
heard similar talks last year will re
member.
Channing Auxiliary Is again to the
front with timely topics for busy peo
plt—for such jof them aa would know
jcmethlng of what the world is doing
about them.
Dr. Mclaughlin ranks high among
the medical men of San Francisco and
i3 overwhelmed with congratulations
upon his apparently sudden determina
tion to desert bachelorhood.
Another pretty maid hath surren
dered to Cupid— Miss Emma Moffat,
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Moffat, who has promised to
wed Dr. Alfred McLaughlln before the
coming of the new year.
The exultant news wag given out at
a "tea" given by Mrs. A. 11. Sharp,
who had bidden a bevy of her friends
to her new home on Vallejo street. And
it was glad news, because, forsooth, it
had lain unsuspected in the hearts of
the maid and- her fiance these many
days.
Miss Moffat is a clever girl, who has
cared more for cultural work than for
butterfly pleasure. After having grad
uated from Miss West's, she took a
degree at the University of Califor
nia. Later she took a post-graduate
course. While at Berkeley Miss Moffat
was associated with the Kappa Kappa
Gamma sorority.
YOUNG MEDICO
WINS CLEVER
MISS MOFFAT
off the Hall of Justice while you are
up there."
Hubert H. Ayres was employed as
water tender on the good steamship
City of Puebla when she arrived in
port the other day and when he came
ashore he took with ' him, packed
tightly in a valise, a number of the
ship's towels. He expressed wonder
how they got where they were found
by a suspicious policeman, and to
Judge Mogan he opined thai he had
been made, the victim of some ingen
ious but indiscreet practical Joker.
Sentence next Tuesday.
Frank Murphy, owner of a hay
yard on Ninth^street, was arrested for
obstructing the thoroughfare and
pleaded that the only obstruction he
knew of was made by loose straws
which were blown by the wind from
his yard to the street. After the wags
in Judge Mogan's court had said
things about "the last straw that
broke the law's back," "straws show
which way the wind blows," etc., his
Honor advised Mr.^Murphy to- corral
his straw more closely and then dis
missed the case.
' Charles Haro and Max Fox, waiters,
were dallying in the headquarters of
their trade guild when Charles began
toying with a cue and the numbered
spheres on'a pool table. Some of his
shots were so bad as to elicit derisive
comment from Max, at which Charles
became so angered that he blacked
one of Max's eyes with a left swing.
Judge Mogan dismissed the case be
cause Max did not seem to be eager to
press his complaint.
Eighteen-year-old Louie Vertcou
tere's father told Judge Mogan that
the lad Is incorrigibly undutiful and
seemingly bent on leading an idle and
dissolute life. When his rebellion
against parental restraint became un
endurable he was sent to a naval
training-ship, but even the strict dis
cipline there failed to reform him and
since his return to shore he has stayed
away from his comfortable home and
associated with the depraved inmates
of a Stockton-etreet lodging-house. He
will be sentenced to-day.
Picture Frames.
We have lots of new things In picture
frames and hundreds of new patterns in
frame moldings recently selected at
Eastern factories, which we will be glad
to show to any one interested in the beau
tiful patterns brought out this fall. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
Ilouseowners Intervene.
Daniel McPhee, R. -Z. Norton and
twenty-four others, representing them
selves to be house-owners and inter
ested in the business of house-moving,
yesterday, with Judge Murasky's per-,
mission, filed a complaint in interven
tion in the suit of the United Railroads
against D. J. Sullivan and other house
movers. Their complaint is in line
?ith the defense and affidavit of the
house-movers and asks the court to
decree that the United Railroads has
no right to demand compensation for
the cutting of its wires when houses
are moved; that houses may be moved
across the company's lines and pre
scribing proper regulations for the
business.
Reno Local Trains Discontinued.
Commencing October 1, trains No*. 13 and
14, R«no locals, running between San Fran
cisco and Reno, will be discontinued. A num
ber of minor chances may also be made. •
VETERAN ENDEAV0REK3 MEET. — The
Veteran Christian Endeavorers held a meet-
Ing: last nieht at the - West Side Christian
Church on Busb street, between Scott and De
visadero. The meeting was well attended and
speeches were made by many of the prominent
member*.
Hugo Morris, inspired by a "strong
man act" he . witnessed at a vaudeville
theater, first partook of several drinks
of strong, waters and then hied him to
Montgomery avenue, where he sought
to emulate the performance of the
modern Samson at the-theater. Halt
ing at the door of a pawnshop, he
picked up a heavy f trunk with one
hand, reached up the *6£her . and took
three golden balls off their respective
hooks, and then he., simultaneously
hoisted the trunk and Juggled the
spheres, to the great admiration of all
who behld him, untii:the : pawnbroker
summoned a policeman and gavA Hugo
into custody. The policeman' respect
fully declined an invitation to allew
himself to be .' lifted into, the .patrol
wagon by Hugo's teeth.
"Twenty-four 1 , hours , In the City
Prison," said Judge Mogan to. Hugo;
"and please " dqh't v try - to lift the ? roof
"She came home with a bun on," said
John Dunphy, painter, when Judge Slo
gan asked him why he smashed furni
ture and terrified his wife in their
home at Fourteenth and Xoe streets.
Patrolman Kinville then testified that
discord in the Dunphy dwelling was of
bi-weekly occurrence, and the neigh
bors complained of it. To which Mr.
Dunphy responded by stating that
every time there was disorder In his
domicile it was provoked by Mrs. Dun
phy arriving with "bun on." To ex
press his disapproval of her condition
he broke furniture.
"Don't do that any more," said Judge
Mogan to Mr. Dunphy. "If you object
to Mrs. Dunphy equipping herself with
a 'bun' once a fortnightrand if she ig
nores your objection, the best thing you
can do Is to apply, for. a divorce. Fur
niture-smashing is a costly and ; Inef
fectual way of expressing your dis
pleasure. Go home now." • .;
Frank Beery pleaded that he was un
der the Influence of opium fumes when
he stole a buggy robe from a vehicle
on Post Btreet. near Kearny, last
Wednesday afternoon.
"Ef I hadn't bin full uv de hop," he
inquired. , "do youse t'ink I'd a taken
any euch chance as dat?"
Judge Cabaniss profes^d inability to
answer the query with any degree of
Intelligence, and then sentenced Mr.
Beery to three months' imprisonment.
"Twenty-four hours apiece." was
Judge Mogan's rude interruption of Mr.
Brown's nocturne. >-T
Up epake William Brown in behalf of
himself and four other gentlemen who
had been arrested for sleeping amid the
hay bales on the Harrison-street wharf.
"We are not vagrants," said William;
"but tourists en route from Vancouver,
B. C, to Phoenix. Ariz., for change of
climate. The night was warm and our
lodging-house— I forget what lodging
house it was — became so stuffy that we
sallied for to inhale fresh air. Fate
directed our footsteps to the place
where this policeman found us. We sat
down there to rest. Above was a firm
ament thickly bespangled with bril
liants. From the placid bay wafted a
breeze, gentle as a babe's breathing.
The soughing of tiny wavelets amid the
wharf supports came faintly . to our
ears. We slept. The combined influ
ence of "
* Judge Cabaniss and the attaches of
his tribunal handled gingerly and in
spected with respectful awe the wea
pon which John W\ Hughes, a bridge
builder from Truckee, had concealed
on his Derson when he was arrested
for fighting with the bartender of a
Third-street saloon. It was a single
barrel, muzzle-loading pistol, very
Ehort of barrel and bo very wide of
bore that it resembled a diminutive
old-fashioned mortar. Clerk Barney
Conlan oronounced it a "Colt derrin
ger," and inspection proved it, of the
vintage of IS 52. Mr. Hughes said
that he carried the venerable firearm
in remembrance of one of his uncles
who was a famous duelist when Cali
fornia was young and less law-abiding
than it has since become. His Honor
continued the case till to-day in order
to have 'the pistol inspected by a com
mittee of antiauarlans to be selected
by himself.
"I would consign them to reforma
tory institutions in charge of scien
tists," was the answer. "Prisons
should be maintained for the reforma
tion instead of the punishment of
criminals."
"Tours is not a new theory, Mr.
Clark," quoth the Court, "but in
practice It has been found wanting.
Statistics show that about seventy per
cent of the convicts who professed
desire to reform and were* aided to
do so finally returned to crime. Our
existing system of treating crime may
not be perfect, but half a dozen years'
experience as a police magistrate has
convinced mrthat it is as good a one
as can be operated under existing so
cial and political conditions. Your
suggestion that criminals should be
scientifically coddled and nursed as
invalids, is illogical. Fear of punish
ment is certainly a greater deterrent
of crime than fear of being treated as
a ho'spital patient. Transforming our
penitentiaries into sanitariums would
soon have society . burdened with a
score of criminals for every one that
now afflicts it. The prispn cruelties
you have alluded to, Mr. Clark, may
be exaggerated, or they may be neces^
sary In the maintenance of prison dis
cipline. Penologists know that men in
prison are pretty much like men out
of prison in the matter of difference
of temperament. Individualism asserts
itself whether it is garbed in stripes
or clothed in broadcloth. Refractory
prisoners must be treated more harsh
ly than prisoners who obey the rules.
It is well for society, Mr. Clark, that
your humanitarian ideas are not more
prevalent, else I'm afraid crime would
be even more rampant than if Is.
"To some extent I am a sharer of
the Lombroso theory that crime »
a hereditary disease, but so long as
civilization is not prepared to adopt
the Lombroso remedy it Is our duty
as citizens to make the most of the
established system for the prevention
and punishment of crime. You are
excused from serving on this jury."
Soon afterward twelve good, men
and true oronounced Oscar Schaefer
not guilty as charged.
Jay C. Clark, carpenter, 824 Howard
street disqualified himself for Jury
service yesterday in Police Judge Mo
gan's court by declaring that he would
not vote to eend a person to prison
for any crime other than murder. So
he was excused from serving in- the
case of Oscar Schaefer, accused of a
grave offense.
"I believe," said Mr. Clark, "that
our penal system is radically : wrong.
Gross cruelties are practiced 'in' the
state prisons, and I would not send
any offender there unless he commit
ted murder."
"What would you do with the
authors of minor crimes?" the Judge
inquired.
Believes That Penitentiaries Should' Not Be
Transformed Into Sanitariums and Finds
Virtue in the Doctrine of Lombroso
POLICE JUDGE MOGAN DISCUSSES
CRIMINALS AND PRISON SYSTEMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1904.
9
AMUS^^VTS;
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
THIS WEES ONLY.
25c aad SOc — Matinee Saturday — C3e aad 50c
OLIVER MOROSCO offer*
I CAPTAIN
I BARRINGTON
. Night prices, 25, 35. and SO cents.
A few front rows orchestra. 75 cents.
Starting Sunday Night.
——THE HENRIETTA——
MISCTELIiAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
: <r, . MATTNEE SATURDAY AT 2:30.
FAREWELL OPERATIC CONCERT.
The Distinguished Prlma Donna Soprano
&FRANCISCA
Seats. $2 to 75 cents — at Sherman, Clay A Co. r
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ts. LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PAJIK.
Eichth and Harrison streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY. KRIDAY.
at 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY, 3 p. m.
SUNDAY, 2:3O p. m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance nale of seats at 5 Stockton st.
31ISCEUiAyEOC3.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1» A OKE.VT RESTORATIVE. INV'lGOit^-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexsa.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ttM
Kidneys and Hlaid-r. Sells on Its own merits.
SABER, ALFS It BRUNEI. Agents.
Z2S Market «t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
I
|_L^ FAVORITE
pSCRIHION
I II FOR WEAa*. WOMEN. _
0\ 8 IR I #% Ammunition. Hunting an 1
I *1 III V Sportini! O.^od«. I.a-x :
lal 9 I A3 t^ock. U»-"« pr'._es. t
I|| llf]] g for catalogue
W I li \4 SHREVE .« BARBEn C< >..
•T-.W'.™ 739 Market st. and 521
¦-;' •," Kearny »t.
F j
\A/. X. HESS.
Votary Public and Attoraey-at-_-_w.
Teeth floor. Uoom lulj. I'Uui bpre<.ltei« bids.
Telephone Main ys:t.
Residence. ISO? McAllister sc
Residence Telephone Page 364L
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6-9 KEABXA" ST. Established
In I H34 for Uie treatment of Prtvnt*
Dista'es. Lost Mannood. Debility uf
flSess- wearincon body anil mUid aivl
Skin Disuses. The l»octoreiir-- wii«-n
other* fall. Try him. rn»r«^s low.
I>r. J. r. (lIBno*i. sa:i Fr»r-isco- CaL
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
nXSB AJTD SAXiT MXATS.
I1C PMVI-'v C- C(\ Shipplsa; Butcbers. lna
JAS. bUItj tt tU. clay. TeL Mala 12M.
XtSAXT BOOFS AJSTD SXTZiXQSTS.
All kinds repaired. Cote Sheet Metal Works.
1176-1173 Mission st. Phono Main 6481.
OXZ>3.
LCBRICATINO OILS: LEON AAD * gTJ.fi.
418 Front st.. 8. F. Phon> MalB nvk
rxxNTDrrow
AMUSEMENTS.
AAI HMDI A m FEAMCISCO-3
A LEADING THEAiPI
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MAT. SAT.
Hamlln and Mitchell's Extravaganza,
WIZARD OF OZ
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAT NIGHT
CHARLES B. DILLINGHAM will present
FRANK
DANIELS
"In the Laughing, Musical. Beauty Show,
"THE OFFICE- BOY."
FCN . that makes you roar — MUSIC you can
whistle — GIRLS good to look upon.
SEATS NOW READY.
SOUSA te coming: to the ALHAMBRA.
GRAND SS5I2
THIS WEEK AND NEXT!
The Beautiful Pastoral Play.
| YORK STATE]
Hit i W.LrfI\.J Instan-
of the ** V ****¦*•* taneous
Season* ' Success.
Better than "The Old Homestead"
Matlneet To-Morrow and Sunday.
COMING— THE BURGOMASTER.
/-CALIFORNIA-*
¦ LAST TWO NIGHTS.
RALPH STUART
IN THE BIG SUCCESS,
BYRIGHTOFSWORD
Direct from the American Theater,
New Tork City.
'• NEXT SUNDAT— Positively the Big-
gest. Brightest. Best Musical
¦';>:-•¦•.' Comedy of the Season.
"THE TENDERFOOT,"
Positively 60 PeoDle, Including Phil
Ryley, the famous Tweedlepunch In
Florodora. 100 nights In New Tork. ,
250 nights In Chicago.
SEATS NOW SELLING. ¦
LAST WEEK OF
MISSMAZVMA
The Burlesque Hit oj the Season. -J ';:
' Replete With New Songs. Specialties and
Novelties.
Our Unexcelled Cast and Chorus.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
zrOTXCS— NEXT MONDAT NIGHT,
First Production of
"SOWZT THE I.INE."
(By Howard Jacot, Esq.) • \
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
. Absolutely New and Original.
Three Great Acts and Twenty Specialties.
SEATS NOW SELLING
The Beautiful Morality Play. ¦
"EVERYMAN"
BY TBS BEN GREET COMPAJTT
AT LYRIC HAI.L
Every Night Next Week
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
PP.ICES .$1 50," $1 00 and 75c
V- • — -and I
JOSEF HOFIMANN.
THE GREAT PIANIST
ALHAMBRA THBATER.
Tuesday and Thursday Nights, Oct. 4-6.
Saturday Matinee. October 5.
Prices.. $2. $150. $1 and 75c
At Sherman, Clay St Co. 's.
DDTT QUITO for barbers, ba-
UK U bnb? :E£J?$8E£ : ££:
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canner*
dyers, ; flour mills, foundries. . laur-lrics. • paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe' factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, .tanners. ," tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
Sruih Maanf actorars. 609 Sacramento St.
A D VERTISE3IEXTS.
| interprets the mas-
i ters with the most
9 accurate and artis-
B tic expression. No
I other piano player,
spans the whole
keyboard — none ap-
proach the artistic
I and mechanical per-
I fection of the Apollo.
IBcnj. Curtaz &Son
Chickering Agency
. ,16 OTarrcU Street, S. F.
free free free
toboggan"^^
MAPLE
SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAILE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
bless you for the light, health and happi-
ness Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound has brought to my home. Sincerely yours, Mrs. Mab
P. Wdabry, Flat 31, The Norman, Milwaukee,. Wis. n
Actual sterility in woman is very rare. If any woman thinks
she Is sterile let her write to Mrs. Pinkbam at Lynn, Mass., whose
ad rice i* given free to all would-be and expectant mothers.
ApAAfl PO R F E IT 1* "»• cannot forthwith prodoce th« original lett«r« and signature! ol
\ *"• i I III *£*"* te*;:n-oiiaU, wbicb Till prare their absolute 5enain»n«-sg.
Cv»UUU tjdU E. Flnkham M*d. Co., Lynn. MaM.
** Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I was married
for five years and gave birth to two pre-
mature children. After that I took
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and it changed me from a weak,
nervous woman to a strong, happy and
healthy wife within seven months. With-
in two years a lovely little girl was born,
who is the pride and joy of my household.
If every woman who is cured feels as
grateful and happy as I do, you must
have a host of friends, for every day I
"Dea* Mrs. Putkham: — I suffered with stomach complaint for
years. I got so bad that I could not carry my children but five months,
then would have a miscarriage. The last time I became pregnant, my
husband got me to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
After taking the first bottle I was relieved of the sickness of stomach,
and began to feel better in every way. I continued its use and was
enabled to carry my baby to maturity. I now have a nice baby girl,
and can work better than I ever could before. I am like a new wo-
man." — ilBa. Fbaxk Beyer, 22 S. Second St., Meriden, Conn.
Another case which proves that no other medicine
in the world accomplishes the same results as
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Lydia E* Pinkham f s Vegetable Compound,
children through derangement of the genera-
tive organs. Mrs. Beyer advises women to use
AD VERTISEMEXTS.
» Many women are denied the hanninpec of^
AMUSEMENTS.
A Vaudeville Revel!
URBANI AND SON;
John P. Kennedy and. Carrie Reynolds;
Two Pucka; T. Trovollo, and Orphetun
Motion . Pictures, Showing- "Personal,"
the Great Comedy Success, and "A
Drama in the Air." Lait Times of Mr.
and Mrs. Howard TruesdeU; Marreloos
Melrose Troupe; Lawson and Htmon,
and James and Bonnie Parley.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c and 50c
SECOND WEEK
Of the Brilliantly Successful Comic Opera,
M& MATINEE TO-MORROW. BOB
Earn* Prices. :. .25c. SOc, 75c.
In Preparation
DER RASTELBINDER
(Th« Mousetrap Peddler.) •;..>-
AT /y A T A T% Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR i^ rt p£e
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — ALI. WEEK.
Matinees THURSDAY and SATURDAY.
Evg.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thura & Sat.. 25c to 50c.
WHITE | AMD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLtEfeEY
In a grand Revival of Richard. Harding Davis 1
Thrilling Story of Adventure.
SOLDIERS OF
FORTUNE
Dramatized by Augustus Thomas.
Monday, Oct. 3. FAREWELL. WEEK,
MR. WHITTLE8EY as ARMAND DUVAL In
-CAMILLE."
CENTRALS
Market Street, near Eighth— Phots* South 533.
TO-XIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent production of the Matchless Cali-
fornia Drama,
THE DANITESJ
Adapted from the famous story of the Sierra*
by Joaquln Miller.
DDITCC Evenings 10c to SOc
rKlWCd Matinees riOc. 15c. 25o
Next — PEAT.TJtS X2T WHTTE WOSIElf.
DAISY HARCOURT
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Svcnlnff in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATUKE ELECTRIC BAXLBOAS.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION ldc | CHILDREN Ba
When Phonln; Ask for 1 "Th« Chutes.**
Palace 00N ' T f *"- T0 |
j COURT Lounging
anfl room, the EMPIRE
UUU Parlor, th«
¦f» PALM ROOM, tha
lirHfill LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UIIU LOR, and the LA-
n A i A i # . DIES' WRITING
Dotels room-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
C So perfect is the fit
of Perrin Gloves that
hands seem to have
been moulded for the
gloves. No cramping
or pinching anywhere,
even at the .buttons.
Sole depot for
Women's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Street and. Grant Avenue,
iffea'* Perrin Gloves at all Store*.
jlTTsTBRIDGE^incor
I MERCHANT TAILORS,
I 622 Market Street.
I Up Stairs. . Opp. Palace Hotel
}Z SAN FRANCISCO.
\ Novelties in Imported Wear \
i9CH(39Lv9 and
UEADIKO . BUSINESS COLLSQB OF 7U&
WEST. .
Over 24 Poet St.. 8an Francisco Cal
Eatab. 40 years. Open entire year, day & nlrht.
Wrlta for circulars (freo). .
_^^^ . Poly technio Basl-
--U^^2^^jw aeig Colley* and
llP^S^PfeJil " eria -f' Oakland,
Wffi:ft$}H£M$!2x& Cal ' "~ Lar eest • and
F§S^^'wiKSr£!& best '""'PPed »chool
- m ffi5DHBilre^*50 Ct bus1ne! ». shorthand
uTJjTiiSy^VLL i. ! fa r *ri'TiLl an< * ea S' neer l'l|t west
i tw twTmirSTwr SUMi^ ct ctllca K°- Perfect
f TiFf rl\ n i~^^ rcllintt e.' i Expenses
— -T low. Writ* ; for ; f re»
100-paje Catalogue.
___~_ j : _ PRAGERS
Friday Surprise No. 12
Prices for To-Day Ovfy.
YOU will never find the "teame line of fcoods advertised in any two Friday Surprise Sales. We
are endeavoring to give the greatest variety possible. Every offering is the very best and
the prices considerably lower than at any other time. You are insured always of an un-
usually big saving.
Women's Sgk Stocks j White Jap Silks
/*r I" this lot there are over l^SSr 11 These Silks are 23 inches
L»)C two hundred different jSS^sfv 1 lC w »de and are our regular
ulJ * styles of Women's Silk iteffv -£~\ 40c value?. They are mads
Stocks. They come in many com- w ' 1^ an cxtra close weave and
binations; some are decorated with >|^^^^L have proven the most popular silk
tiny cord and buttons; some have line Produced and offered this sea-
steel and pearl beads; some have aJ^R^^^^^U^ son - There has been unusual de-
short tabs; others have tabs reach- y%aw^»*f|&^^f3 mand for them. Never has the
ing almost to the waist. There fi«K Xgj^ll^Hl^ 3^ P rice been as low; for Friday only.
are a few that have just the bow. f|re%. I ¦'
These are our regular 35c and 50c '>, Wool Zibelme
Stocks. This is a special for Fri- "SSfcx'Sw , ' „, . . „ . . ,, ,
day only. jK&fclliSte2& 10 Th:s l9 a 38-inch all-wool
¦ tf^l^SS^^*- I fjfiC Zibeline that is alway3 sold
Lace Edgings . >|MS?***\ " ., f , or 5OC * - V3r^- . X V 3 . a
. >' jv-., j r j xsii -beautiful matenal and is being
r a yard— Thousands of yards N& ased now more than ever; colors
3C ? f go °^ . stron S Torchon are brown navy myrtle and black.
V Lace Edgings and Inser- m/AW-k^i-i**
tions, that come from one inch to VY OlllGH 5 EiderdO WH
five inches wide. The patterns are -~,^
copied after the Cluny and Medici ITfl /I T3 T1 Pi pf t P 1fi~ a yard— This is the regular
Linen Laces. It is worth 8 1-3C to * IUII1ICICHC Illr i SC and 20c grade of Ger-
10c a yard. This Is a special for T%- m —--Z— „ -. C-^,— •»**« *ww man Eiderdown. We are
Friday only. lSrGSSHlS** wClCUlIuS showing an unusual pretty assort-
j *••* * ment of colors^ — pink, gray, tan
Taffeta Ribbon m These Sacques have just and green in neat dots and
in « yard-This is a pure silk 49C arrived - a ? d ? :i " b^^ d stripes. This is for Friday only.
1 UC Taffeta Ribbon, 3 & inches ,. on special sale to-day at ! ! p..
IUt wide. It has a very las- this very smaU pnee They come- ,., . CIiamDray
trous finish and is just the thing m beautiful Persian des.gns and a yard — This Chambray
for pretty neck wear. It bows * r . e madc of Im P cnaI Flannelette. U £ come3 in light b i ue and
nicely and will wash well. The They are exactly as shown m the «JW grecn only and is a fine
colors are cream, white, red, drawing. You will find it well gra de for dresses, waists, etc. It
brown, navy and light blue, pink worth . y° u . r whl |t ° attc ? d . this is a 10c quality, but has been
and black. Regularly 15c a yard. bargain sale, as the value is here. p i acc d on sa i c a t just half price
This is a special for Friday only. 9° c 1S the re & ular selling price. | for this Friday surprise.
Boys' Blouses 1ft-. i^ fs " ?(! j c^.,. Curtains I
(second noor.) TaP«tf owiss v-rUriains
I1C~ This i? a new line M JH . /) /•- a pair— A fine rnf-
ZDC of Boys> Russ . ian ~H e^'sTm fira "fSwiiWjL 6oC fied Swiss Curtain
one of these Blouses sells Q|3 -W- C^^ ing for to-day only at the
for 50c and is worth a >H^ — [ very low price of 35c.
great deal more than BT ALWAYS RELIABLE There are only 126 pairs
that. They have just JB inffnii/TAni/TCTcr at in the lot, so be sure to
• been unpacked and are 7^ \£ OO * L«£ OU XyLrVKlVll. 1 o l.jowts make your call early in
unusually attractive in ... . . ' the day. They come in
their various pattern?. All the Shopping Inducements That Have very neat stripes and
Ja h ; s oni y a special for Fn " Made This Store Popular Are Still Here dots -THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, : FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
10
! ISMAR. Egyptian —ercss. The Vendome. 1104
I Market St., San Francisco. Office hour3 — 10
a. m. to ."> p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
! day evening. « to 8. Phone South tUl.
" s~ckit~ax.ism.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant.
! business medium and life reader. St.
: Kathryn. 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth.
; room 221; no signs.
MRS. CRINDLE— Materializing seance. Fri-
day eve.. 8 o'clock. 32S Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; S p. m.; 10c; reading
dally. 43 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seanc*
to-night. S o'clock, 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
C.MAYO STEF.RS;psychic readings by mall JI.
3SS8 17th St.. San Francisco: tel. Caro S3B.
CA^PET^BEATTNO^ITO^JCISAOTWO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; rricea moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market St.;
phones Main 1S2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'3 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
injr works. 355-357 Tehama et. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SO» Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. Sc yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Work*.
833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 129.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
I tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., ; 402 Sutter «M
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet -beating works: price*
J reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
I DENTISTS.
A XEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates. $3; full set; all work painless andi
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old places made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25a.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain:open Sundays. DrA. C.Hewitt, 2M Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to 580 Geary »t.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. CFarrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsta. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DBESSMAKEES AND SEAMST—ESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — >
Patterns cat to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
FINKELSTEIN. 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on installm'ts if desired; reas; call.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'a button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
raiP-OT_-»T oracES.
A — JAPANESE and Cnlnese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA, 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 500. Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Officer — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% CFaxrell; tel. East 42a
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton ;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki,mgr..tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
IMPLOYMTUT WAJTI_O — riMALE.
WANTED — By a competent womaa position as
manager or housekeeper in private family,
lodging or apartment house, or charge of -
dining room. Phone Jessie 4921. 10 to 12 m.
or 2 to 4 :30 o. m. Reference.
POSITION by neat, reliable, elderly ¦woman:
first-class housekeeper; used to children; good,
cook and laundress; wages $12. Box 2061,
Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to get a
position as housekeeper. 979 Harrison, near
Sixth. '
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework in a email family; would, go
across the bay. Call at 25S'i Tehazaa st.
WANTED — Chamber work in hotel.- Address
R. M., 1013ii Mission st.
WOMAN wants work; first-class laundress;
good, plain cook. 914 Howard.
RELIABLE girl wishes general housework.
612 Octavia st.. near Hayes.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee satisfaction; $1 25 and carfare. 139
Fourth St., first flight, room 24.
YOUNG German womaa with child S year*,
old .wishes situation as housekeeper: best
reference. Address or call at 45 South Sixth
st., San Jose. Cal.. MRS. HELENA
SCHMIDT.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced *teno_raph-
er; centrally located; who has spars time,
would like some outside work; copying or
dictated: owns machine; charges reasonable.
Box 1939. Call offlce. '
MARRIED couple want pcMtloa;
woman, first-class cook; man, crood horss-
man and all round handy man; city or coun-
try. Box 2006, Call office.
YOUNG woman who attends school la morn-
ing- Trould Ilk.', light housework and cooklax
to do afternoons: willing to get breakfast.
Be* 2007 Call office. . .,.
TWO reliable roung women; one for eooklrif
and other for second work and waiting la
private American family. 708 Gough st.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi-
tion to do general housework: small family;
wages $20. 1S13 Pine st-, near Gough.
SEWING by machine and hand neatly doc*
for $1 a day and carfare. Address box 1S71,
Call offlce.
WANTED— A situation by respectable womaa
as a first-class cook; city reference slvea.
Address 578 Olive ave.. near Laguna ct.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by
the day cr at home. $2 and lunch: at horn*
after 6 p. ra. : phone Scott 995. 517 Myrtle av.
BY refined young lady, position as companion
I to elderly lady; city or country; highest per-
sonal references. Address box 1131. CalL
WANTED— Position by experienced cashier;
can furnish references. Box 2016. Call.
SITUATION as cook; best of references. 221T
Post st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; etty
restaurant or boarding-house. 203 Natoma.
A FRSXCH laundress takes washing hom«;
open air dry; phone Pace 7931.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call -at Eaton's Bajjaar, <33 McAllister st.
EMPXOYaitS-yT WAlfTOP — MALI.
MIDDLE-AGED active man <Germ_n>. well
acquainted in S. F., desires position as col-
lector; best of references; cash bonds. Box
2021.1 Call offlce.
A SITUATION wanted to take car* of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
Ing, care ot horses and milking; good re'rr-
ences. Box 1696. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, educated solicitor, syxklnB
six languages, wishes position with & good
firm or -wholesale house. Address box 1602.
1008 Market st.
COACHMAN Just from East wants position;
experier- «d horseman; stylish driver; refer-
ences given: postals ignored. 1415 Kansas st.
EXPERT bookkeeper wants permanent por-
tion; banking experience; can furnish Surety
" Company bonds. Address box 20^6. Call. ¦
A QUICK young waiter wants position in
bakery or restaurant at once. SCHUMANN.
292 Chestnut st. a •'
FIRST-CLASS gardener, 20 years' experience,
desires position in private family. Address
, GARDENER. 1517 Golden Gate ave. .
GENTLEMAN nurse wou!d like care of ln~-
¦ valid; best references. Box 1414, Call offlce.
Oakland. ...$•. :v,V- -. ¦
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist: 20 years*
experience, .wants position. Box 1979, Call,
_ . r.;a
A ¦ FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wants work f la
hotel or shop. SCHEAFER, 42 Oak at.
THTj^fifCALL
JOIJX I>. SPKEOCEfis . t . . Proprietor
A£<5"e::s CoaHB—JicatlOB* to
JOHN' McN'At-GKTl. .-j^ •.•Mannggr
\\" J. MAILTI -V . . yjjlcsiaesa A Itanagcg
W ;v^ S by C-r.,^ O«. Per W£, 75
&A-LT C*fc_ <<r.-;.M. fi-a— y>. 0 mo.... MM
DAM.? CM_— -By * : rx'--- Month •••• „•
ti-.'H'.Y «:ai-l. i I«ar w
VeCKVT CALL JJgar^ •-• - - T^'fext-
VOlVCiny I l*^U?. 4 IS ! >r Tear Kxtra
i-OSTA'i E. \ .avckV--; 1 .<£ r« Tear Kxtra
all rosTMAET_ns Aitr. vyTHOiuzr-D
TO RECEIVE S'J3SCnir.lONS_
8a=:s,> Copies •*;;: be fcrv.ard»d whfa re-
Mftii rctwarlbtn in^trir.r cli««« "^
flit** shouiJ h*. partlcttUr to give both 1 NE W
AX!) CT-D ADDRCSS in order to insure a
pr-r..;.t ai:d cor— ci compUaac* with their re-
«u^t.
OA_XANT> OF-ICE:
1C1C Broaflwuy Telephone Mala 10S3
PERKELEr OFFICE:
2I4S Center Street Tei-pbone Nor— 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEX. — . WALL Hotel Bartoa
nett tore: ::ews stands:
Walfiorf-Afitorir. H«JMl: A. Brentfno. *}
fnlc:: Squs:*: Murray Hill Hotel: H fin-avenue
Hctf! ar.d Hcffrran ll.iuse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pfccrrr.an House: P. O. News C°-_,,^J* at
Nirthtrn HoiH- Tretnont House: Auditorium
tide!; rainier House
CHICAGO REI'ISESENTATTVE:
C. GEOBGE KROGXESS; Marquctte Building.
«Lorg Pictanca Telephone. "Central .613. )
NEW YORK RKPRESENTATIVE:
6TEFHEN U. EMITH 30 Tribune Building
NETV YORK COItHSSPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE ot the San Francisco Call.
<-crritr Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clc.-k every n:pht in th« year.
DUAICCH OFFICES:
IO0K il=rk<^ fircet. c^i-osite Fifth; open until
" P. m.
C:7 JJcr.tuoaiery stroet. corner Clay; open until
a:.';0 p. n:.
KVi JIa\>"s str^^t; cr^n until t):"0 p. m.
f-rj SIcAIUster st!*»t; open until y:30 p. m.
tTS Larkir^ street; oi>er. until 0:o0 p. m.
ll«43 I4is£;on street; open until 10 p. m.
10<i Klovpnth ttreet; open until 9 pm.
IC-.W> Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast oorncr Church and Duncan streets;
cptn until 3 r>. m.
g2»*)Q Fir.more ytrect: open until 9 p. m. .
MTETIKQ 2TOTICES.
BA3J FRAKdSCO l»de^ U. I).. F. and _ '
A. M., Mission Temul*— Third degree VV
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. Master Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON*. Secretary.
IWIFli" I^vlre No. 136. F. and A. M.. O
will meet THIS EVKNING, 7 o'clock. Vjf
2 D. /VS
I GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I.
O. O. ¦" Ii Itiati n on FRI-£^aHgfe«S3_.
IiAT EVENING. September 30.
Strancers welcome. **M~s^
H. L. MYERS. N. G.
M. L HRILLIANT. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodjse No. 1. K. of -_S5?
P.. meets THIS FRIDAY at 8
o'clock. Pioneer Viuilding. 24 Fourth /fcj_&
street. Pate rank. Visitors cor- Jg^S^
diallv invited to attend.-
F. O. MOLL. C. C.
r. n. McLennan, k. «<f n. and s.
ET'REKA L -ice No. 'J. K. of P., ¦&*
„*"> <Jo!dfii Gate ave.. meets THIS VyMffiJ^/
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Knight 723V
rank <lorur form). Brother Knights _^g5^_
W. CRONIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of. R.^and S.
FA?; FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. /y^^CTV
¦ FRIDAY) EVENING at H blfji 0 ¥?S
o'clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 \£l >\\^_ij
D. B. RICHARDS,
ETOCKHOLDERS' meeting.— NoUc* is hereby
Cixen th'it the annual routing- of th* stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
- «t the Lankintr-house in this city en TUES-
DAY. October 11. lflr>4, at II o'clock a. m.
By crder of th° Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. SecreUry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS; ladies or gentlemen; energetic; be-
t^veen 'J and 1 a. m. Room 24. St. Ann's
»»uildirr. 6 Eddy et.
AGENTS wanted on good proposition. 468
Fajrott buildJQjc: hours 10 to 4.
INKI.tIH.-5 fountain pens; cample 15c; dozen
il jfr. retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 118 Bush sC
rXPERIICNCED car:vass»re, $6 to $3 day. H14
•^V«^^;:^srton Ft.. Oakland, r. 3; 10 to l'g a.m.
ATTO B SnGTS-AT-I. A.VT.
E. W. KING, Atd^n<S-at-I_v. Exam. bldg..
Ctli Jtoo;-; entrance rCiom 611; established 20
year*; r.ll courts. rencraJ court and office
yy practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
licn: *\sr.'.r.ps by appointment. Te! "ledaCOL
ADVICE fi»c on all le^al matters; divorces a
fj>eciaiiy; |'.r;\ate, quick; no pay In advance;
ailr.Irg ro?r.ija:.i»-3cr!r2.nlied; patents obtained.
G. W. IIOU'E. 1122 Market nt.; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA- DIVOBCE ccsi«. $12; quick, quiet.
8* AfivUx frte; al! l_w business.
No Cbarsre unless succerrfu!.
IWr. Market st . ccr. Seventh. r\. ji 419.
A A— divorce ; tests $12:q_!c!c.r;i:let; advice free;
e!I law b'jMr.cs-;; no chsres un>sa euccess-
"f. >ui; cp« gvenlngs. 027 Market et.. room 301.
A3V1CS fj-ee; ilivcrce co.'.ts 512; no fees or
ccfta in advance; all law business; offlce
spcri Saturday cver.ir.ss. &19 Market St.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorc* costs ?i2; quick, quiet;
a'.! law business; no charge ur.iess success-
ful; cr-tn evenings. !»27 Market, room 204.
ADVJCK free Columbian Law and Collection
Agency, room fe5. 01G Market; tel. John 622ft.
l»ATKJfT8. Arccrican and foreign. SONTACTS
lV.rt.NT AGENCY, 214 Pine et.. eth floor.
L. S. CLAP.K. &27 Market, room 304; censulta-
tl&a f ree; no fees In advance; opt-rx evenings.
COJ~t;ct!CNS. tenants ejected, mechanic's
j!e.-.r,j.rcl-£t« Attorney, 032 Market St.. room 23.
__ ASTHafA. CUBE. 7
El NCLA'S AEthtna Rerr.*,5y relieves inetantly
K-c. ?ftc. r.Or. 1602 Maj^tt. St. Nicholas;
j Bl£o Wtghart, lClh and Wssh'.ngtoa. Oakland.
ATTTO—OBIXES. t?CH
yC-Tl eo.}f — ZZfOl cas&Iine runabout; double en-
Kim-; fSPO; cost $1:^.0; good condition. Box
17rg. Cs'.j cff.ee.
LOCOMOBILE. 10-hcrsepower; 2 ssats; in
gcog runriir.f; order. Call 473 Valencia et.
C_ BXBDS.^I>OOS. ETC.
JIAF.T^ Mountain canarits & Arr:can 5ray"par^
rots. ;u»t rtceired. A. C Rctltoa. 33S Kearny.
CIIILDKLN boarded: mother's care; rocm for
q _)«renr. 24 DorUnd eu
COOP rare: reasonable terms. Call or address
_ MICS. M. L. CLEAVES. 27th ave. Frultvale.
; |
FOP. tak— "h'naj/' for a dentist if taken at
onto; vreH estaLIirhcd practice; (rood in-
come; J"u:!y «.quipj>ed- office; five completely
lurtiislicd r«»cinf for housekeeping, adjolnlns
office, which can be used for dentistry if
Af-k'.rcC: private 'entrance: party going: away.
Ad-Jrtfs 1U5:? liro_<Jway, Oakland, Cal.
BAIiBlin Eh&r>. 2 chairs: srov/int; district, nr.
Kcnia Fe Jepct, Oakland; rare chance; eick-
nct£ cause of cale; ?l.",0. Apply at barber
*hop. Fwty-flrst «t. itKd San Pablo ave.,
Oakland. .
FO3 *2.1f- — Crocery and delicacy store, at bar-
C-in: derarisre. Apply 25U9 Mission et.
J3TX5O — EiiOiC store fc-r rale at a bargain ; call
at ozicp. Uor 3415. Coll. offlce. Oakland. ;,
r"OH sale — Restaurant, north of Market; $750.
For particulars, address box 1328, Call ofnee.
RESTAURANT for sale In vicinity of Devisa-
«Iero street; rood location. Bex .1229, Call.
COO.O paying grocery and bar for sale; reasoa-
' fct/;c; _rood ioc-tioa. Box 1183,- Call office..
Fl^-SIS-A CAN Or TOBOGGAN PI APLE 5YRLJP, MADE rROH THE
BTTSrKESS CKAWCES— Conttoued.
A— ecOCoTtaloon. with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bids.: rent $2.%0; return rent $175;
ularo doing good business; full value in sight;
a sreat bargain. Sec R.G.WILKE.l'G^Kearny.
' \— J5C0O; roedhouse and grocery." with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
' I brct business properties; about 73 miles from
city. See K. G. WILKE. 20 hi Kearny St.
A— $1CCO; cigar stand, corner, choicest and best
I location in this city; rent $40; large stock of
i leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
; See U. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
I A— JSfDO; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flrst-claf-s paying saloon In manufac-
turing town across the bay; a good paying
bueUiess. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
to 4 thtaters; rent $100; well established
business: full value in eisht; a rare chance.
See K. O. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A-^e30O; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacxs, 1 coupe, 18
bufrgie*. harnesses, "etc.; 2» steady boarders;
* table doir.^ a first-class paying business:
rent $7S. See R, G. WILKE. 2U% Kearny.
A— $1CCO; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles
from this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders, fine
barroom with rood trade; close to depot, in
Mvoly business town; place making money;
owntr to retlr*. Particulars R. GJ WILTCE,
26 Vi Krarny st. '¦
A— $2500; GUMMER and winter resort across
the bay; beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms: 2 bars, pavilion 102x50 feet, merry-
go-round, etc. ; lease 4 years; rent $50; pa-
vilion sub'.et every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKB, 2tt% Kearny st.
A— $6£0: QORNER saloon, with 5 years' lease:
very beet location and a good-paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location In the Mls-
elon: rent $45: all etore trade; baking 1%
barrels per day; 4 years' lea*e; 6 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $2500; HOTEL, with 27 furnished rooms,
'across the by; 5 years' leace; rent $75; busi-
ness ftrrt class, paying: finest location in
pood business town. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny »t .
A— $900; CORXER saloon on Fourth St.: rent
$?.0; llv'.nc rooms; lease; a place established
yesrs and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kearny St.
A— $1200; CORXER ealoon on Folsoni St.; rent
f2C: place doing a flrst-clase paying busl-
nesg. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$2CD0— BARBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week:
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— J750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
faiicy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ' "¦'/'.'
A— $1600: CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease: one of the best lo-
cattens In this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and cance ravilion: rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $G0; living rooms: stock will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first -class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $300: CORXER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50: place doing: a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunaay work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 346S.
STOREROOM with fixtures In very prominent
location on Market st. ; with lease 2% years
to run, with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixtures with or without stock;
cheapest rent on Market st. for location.
J. W. JAQUITH. 1312 Market st. # rooms
418-419; telephone Folsom 3468.
THREE nice groceries, fully stocked with first-
class Koods; 2 with bars connected, one with-
out; all In good locations, residence districts;
doin_r elegant family business. J. W. JA-
QUITH. 1312 Market Bt., rooms 418-419;
telephone Folsom 3468.
$600 — Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny;
stand inves.; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
J12O0 — SALOON; lease 4 years to run; rent
$50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
WANTED — Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary: $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operatl\ - e corporation under California laws.
Apply immediately, KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh st. , Oakland ;branch San Francisco
THE real estate businers of FRANK P. LEE.
located at 911 Broadway, bet. 8th and 9th
sts.. Oakland, together with full offlce equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for sale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED — To form a partnership with some
well established business chance; broker will
give $500 for half interest if taken at once.
Address with full particulars. Box 1700, 100S
Market st.
FOR sale — Eighth interest in new steam
schooner; oil burner; one of the best boats
on the coast: is paying 15 r*r cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City. Cal.
BARBER SHOP— 2 chairs, bath, complete, fix-
tures worth $200: $8 rent, lease, insurance,
all for $150; trade O. K. See PATTERSON,
873 Market st.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott Square.
Buffalo. .
WANTED — Poultry farm, about 10 to 15 acres,
with about 5-room house, stables, etc.; prefer
Sacramento. Sonoma or Napa County. Ad-
dress box 2C20, Call offlce.
$2200 — Property of two houses in Seattle,
Wash., to exchange for grocery or lodging
business not over $1300. Address R. F.
SGHELY. 245 Turk st. .
AN opportunity Is ottered to invest not less
than $25,000 in an established wholesale
business. For particulars call on Cushing,
Grant & Cushlng,attorneys-at-law,104 Sutter.
RELIABLE, energetic man with $500. to take
, Interest in staple manufacturing business;
inside -work; experience unnecessary: can
draw $25 wk; ref. riven and req. 247 5th st.
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
ner, with $300; well established business that
will pay him $30 week and over. Call 825
Market st.. room 437.
GROCERY: rare opportunity; complete: first-
class etock: established 18 years; large fam-
ily trade; excellent location; low rent; lease.
Apply 927 Market St., room 621.
$50C0 — GROCERY and bar; residence district,
N. Mkt; low rent; lease: recpts 175 day; snap;
Investigate PAC. BUS. ASS'N. 1148 Mkt.
$_W-0 — PARTNER in gents" furnishings, no-
tions and stationery business: established 18
years. Address R. P. H-. box 2201. Call.
COAL yard in Oakland for sale; fine location;
doing good business. Address box 1413. Call
offlce. Oakland. _"
F. L. SKAGGS & CO., hotel brokers. 20 Mont-
gomery st.. S. F. : hotels bought, , leased,
cold and exchanged in any locality.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap: office
rooms in connection; two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second st.
m
FOR sale — Delicatessen store la Hayes Valley;
will sell reasonable on account of 'sickness.
Box 1723. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: best location;
quick sale; owner coins East; no agents.
Inquire Cell offlce.
$CCO— Half Inttrest In well-established, good-
paying business. Apply at once. 530 Four-
teenth rt.. Oakland.
$9O— CORN75R cigar store; good aback; rent
$5. Inquire 422 Fourth st.
CANDY: Icecream and tamale parlors; good
business; cheap. 470 Ellis Et. .
$2500 — One of the best cigar stores in city.
Address J. C. H.. box 2200. Call office. '
OFFICE man; light work, some collecting;
$200 cash required. 30 Geary st., room 9. -
WANTED— To buy small restaurant; city or
Oakland; must be reasnble. Call 856 Howard.
$1600 — Old-established saloon and cigar stand;
. Stockton st. Wlchman,Lutg:entCo.,20Battery.
_____________ _ - . ; ' T. ;
CORNER saloon for eale. »14« Stelner st.
WANTED — Partner, fine paying, grocery and
. bar on busy street; $2000. Box 1966, Call, v
RESTAURANT for sale, lig ruth at. <
-ODCHMO-H OPSE3 fOB SAXS— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. 3
40C Hearst bid?., over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, roomlnff and apartment houses for
eale. We guarantee good titles.
NEW BRICK BUILDING of 50 single rooms;
eteam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric bells, hot and cold
water .n every room, every modern
improvement, .isrht down town, beau-
tiful furnishings lease for 8 years,
{:--• p.ulet, iransient: clears $351 monthly;
I <owner leaving for 5ils Alaska mines;
ierm* $2000 down and low Interest.
Only with MARION GRIFFTN.
GOOD 40-room corner hotel in alee location
north of Market; first-class boarders;
clears $150 monthly; price $3000; hi
down and small monthly payments;
owner will take $1000 of purchase price
In boafd at $10 per month Exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.-
LAR«£J torches are Joy producers anywhere.
Here they ar<* and 14 large sunny
rooms; rent -only $40: full of roomers;
price f 120O— cut Io $700. half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN 1» our only agent, j
TRANSIENT CORNER JlOUSE. V blocks
north of Market; 24 rooms; 1 door;
•asy taken care of; tent $S» with lease; j
\ • lightly managed should clear $200 per '
jnontft; urlce »340O— reduced to $1300. \
¦ -MARION GRIFFIN. j
XO KENT— FURNISHED with mahogany and !
flemish oak, velvet carpets; Ul rooms; i
new building, newly » painted and
fccaugifully. tinted: north of Market.
MAftlOaji GRIFFIN.
33 ROOMS tot »3200; rent $175; eentra^ north
of Market; clears $217 monthly; lease;
doublf Trontage; books open for in-
spection. MARION' GRIFFIN. -
WHAT BO XOV THtNK of 39 rooms in the
eenter of the^ city tot HO rent? It's
;•. Jn eood^rder, clean, light and sunny;
clears #90 to f ICO per month; a house
¦"-¦'.; '.•"¦. that caters to respectable working peo«
"•• ¦•':'• Pie; up to October I you can buy it
'• ' ' ; •"-¦ fof flSCO.. Exclusively with
- ? MARION GRIFFIN.
:' YOUR CREDIT? IS GOOD
XF YOU HAVE A LITTLE MONEY.
TERMS, 3*4 'CASH
On thes* 8. We back you with %. see?
NEW AND CLEAN: 14 rooms; 3 blocks north
ot Market; price $050.
! '¦ -?.
! ON MARKET St.: 30 rooms: offices: new and
up tr> date; make offer.
3.
ON SUTTER: new and line: boarding-house;
lull «tyllsh; 30 rooms; make offer. -v „- • i..
NEW apartment-house of 38 rooms; swell;
maka offer: ftplendld location.
8.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 75
rooms; near Nob Hill; fine for a lady.
MARION GRIFFIN. -
a ;; ¦;¦-'¦ The Real Estate Agent.
DON'T MISS THESE. - V* <
42 rooms: corner, '6 blocks of Market: clears
. $173: 5 years'/lease; a well furnished house
21 rooms on Post st.: clears $110 monthly; a
good honest house. '
11 rooms, ,6 blocks north; $700; rent $35; will
, exchange for a large bouse and pay cash dif-
ference. •-- . '
2i rooms; near Market; rent $35; clears $75
monthly: housekeeping; a good respectable
house that can be bought at n. bargain. >
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 408 '
t Eocajnlner building,
Ccrner 3d and Market.
HOTEL AND -ROOMING HOUSE.
109 rooms In best location in city; central;
has cleared $2483 net in last 7 months;
owner must . ~ '¦ > ¦¦ ¦
to to Europe to settle
- •--.' " an estate; offer wanted.
MARION GRIFFIN, RuonrtQ6, Examiner bldg
CORNER : house. 32 rooms, new elegant fur-
nishings, is now on a big paying basis, will
sell ca time payments; 1C0- room house down
- town/ low; rent,: part cash; we handle none
but «rood ; paying bouses, also Oakland prop-
erties, on- time payments. S. F. : CREDIT
• CO., 10 Turk st. : phone 741.V " ¦¦¦
BAD tenants ) ejected ' for $4 : „ collections made :
v city » or/ country. Pacific Collection - Co., - 415
Montgomery st, rooms 9-10. Tel. Mala 5580.
C3-AXSYQTA-TS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THR NOTED LIVINGSTON—'
READINGS, $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised Dromise.
He ia acknowledced by all who consult him
as a true exoonent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries. Would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE,
Who is permanently located at
428 Eddy st.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1
ELLSMERE— ELLSMERE.
Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant, Palmist.
I tell your name and what you came for;
svhom and when yr_ marry: how to achieve
the greatest success la business, prolong your
life, tain perfect health, become magnetic
obtain mental poise, physical strength over-
come »ear. depression or doubt; 1 create the
power of control In you that you may fasci-
nate the one you wish- give good luck remove
spells, evil influence, discords in family or
social affairs; reunite the separated; restore
lost affection: obtain u better busK t « posi-
tion, or what you wish, where to locate, when
to travel; I can improve your condition and
tell if husband, wife or loved one is true to
you; I positively guarantee to hasten mar-
riage and secure marriage with ou» of your
choice; I give suggestion ; teach clairvoyance,
develop medlumship, thought transference!
etc, by mall $2; at offlc* Sunday and every
day, 10 to 8; advice on speculation, invest-
ment and all affairs of life. luO7Vj Market at.
A— c PROF. MAYO.
The Greatest Uvin_- Adviser on th«
Continent.
Special this week full-life readings. $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
glanc*. before you have a chance to utter one
word, he will tell you what you came for; give
names, dates, facts and figures; he tells you
every wish of. your life; how to gain success in
love, courtship, marriage snd divorce; whether
you will be successful in business affairs- in
fact, r.o matter what may be your fear hope or
ambition, call on this gifted raan and find re
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemle* are as real as though they stood be
fore you. He will send you away haDDler
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything— good or bad; you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth. »uia
All business confidential.
421 Ellis »t.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. dally and Sunday.
j -A A — CALL at once and save $4
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
t p u Pal P Ist Ever in San^Frantisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
maka no charge if I fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or ials«. whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will '
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigcr. and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, peculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you derire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, aad cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to »
p. m.; closed Sunday. 328,0'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bustness medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiaer
bl Jg. ; ebe read* your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble.
• discontented or not satisfied with life or
have dotsestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcame them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4568.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal se^r and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; rames given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MI9S ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c..
G. $1: hours 10 to 0: names. "714 Franklin st.
MME. r ODELI*; clairvoyant, card "¦ reading, tea
.- leaves: 25c ur>. ; 612 J4 Eddy st.; no sign.
MME. EUGENIE,- the ¦ Chelro, . reveals facts
that will astonish you." 47SA Turk st.'
MRS. bXUMANN, the- well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. _ • > ,
BUSIHXBB O— AWCES — Contlnae—
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of. business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
or.e hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
flbhlng; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates < 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In Carirornia; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per mo. ; wel! stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupea: long ss-
tabllshed and doing a sooo business': owners
retiring caus< ot talc. 'JAMEROl'. & €C,
3 Eddy at.
FOR sale — Several ffood business propositions,
for Investors, such at arst-class laundry*
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, iurnlshlng
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention* would be pleased io hav«
you call and inspect our H«i. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy at. : _
EXCHANGES madfe «n all kinds of real ««tat».
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO. 3 Eddy St.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes" rid* from Hty:
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 room* furnlsh»d j
2 bar*, dancing pavilion, shooting tellers:
many other attractions; rent $50 per mouth;
4 years' lease ;• sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; «lear_ $4000 p«*
year- price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy at.
CIGAR stand for sale, pear City Hall, Bon
1052, Cal 1 offlce. h ;
A BRANCH offlce of The Call tot th« reception
of advertisements and. subscriptions' has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposlt* Fifth.
Open until II p. ro.
JBD_lTOATIO~JJi«
A BIGGER school than' ever. Oft Jun» i we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges;* refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson Scheoi of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage*
m»nts for- students than ell other Western
schools; special summer coarse. 414 Mason.
E. R, AYERS, founoef of Ayres Business Col*
- leg*, has returned; bookkeeplnr, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; |5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar'-
. ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., msch., sur-
vey,! assay, cyanide; day, «v.; est. 1864; Van
flcr Kalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and . Journal-
Ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
• 333 Phelan bide; terms - very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 50c. ,2395 Mission, cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo. ;
mandolin club, $1 per »no. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes . now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.de Filippe'sAcademy
of Ianguages,1018 Post: est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College,. 345 Halght;
Individual instruc. ; all ' branches; • day,- eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt., com-
plete course, $6 mo. $30; eve.' $4 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA' Business College, {125 Golden
Gate ave., 8. F.; 76-page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best In ' America—^The Weekly
- Call. 16 ' pages, sent . to any address in the
» United States -or Canada one year for $1. .
C-OTHINP BElTOVATXyQ. .
SUITS ¦ cleaned and ' pressed, $1 ; scouring and
. dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner -bldg.', ;r. 410;
- : phone Drumm __, Call for : and deliver, free.
£OP GIMP-HOUSES rOB SAIiE.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building:: elegantly fur-
nished; cheaD rent: 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms: central; 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city, call
for full particulars: only with us.
90-roora, jew modern 2 anu 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint
ment hea.t could wish; this ltttle sen?, st bar-
gain or accornt sickness.
i 48 moms; rent oair $125; flf_vcl_s_ joe-Mot.:
I -well furnished and good sunning order; clear*
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city: account sickness; prlc* $4500.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment*
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $000 per fnonth;
close In; ruli of nice people; bargain Jt takea
ai once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 3 years 4 I«ase: fin*
downtown location: 3 entrances; *verytnln» in
first-«lasa condition; good, f urnlfcur» and car-
pets; clearing now $200 • per month: If tua
transient can clear $300 to {350 per month; ,
here Is best proposition in cJty.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnlinea;
cost {600; a. bargain tf sold at onc#j C3OO.
£6 rooms; tiew and elegantly furnlsheai oa
Sutter; paying; a handsome profit «n invest-
ment; call lor particular!.
109 rooms; rent only $3 80 £•? room: lonr
lease, «p-t»-date. downtown, modern house;
•lectrlo= lights, bells and elevator; «J1 light
rooms, well furnished throughout; ch»nce ot
lifetime to «et first-class house that >• clear*
lnjt S350 to 3450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate; mak*
offer; exclusively with us.
Z9 rooms; newly furnished throughout; flv«-
year lease; downtown; line respectable money-
making; house; part down, balance reasonable
interest, ' .
&- room flat; rent only $30; watsf fre«; oak
furniture: sood carpets; must »elj by SesUm*
per &; price $400.
I2S rooms; cheap rent; Ion* lease; Arst-elaM,
Up-to-date down.towa house; well furnished;
clearlns; $500 to $600 per montn ; must sell on
account of other business; enly with us. -
CS rooms; best downtown commercial tiousa
In city; clearing now $300 per. month; •very-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very ctntral; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city ; make an. offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; eltgantly
furnished: close in; full- first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house . reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
sood lease. < %
16 rooms; rent $65^ good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. "
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all. in fine shape; fine little apartment-bouse;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange • or trade always on hand.
CAMERON,. & CO., 8 Eddy st. >
SOME BARGAINS— Furnished rooming-house
in business center, making money,- reason for
selling, owner going Kast, to the right party.
eas7 payments; well-located European hotel;
choice family hotel; apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished, for. sale; prices
and terms will sult.'«*s»*»S_sWR»*ifcr&H
; PACIFIC COAST. TRUST CO.,
: 708 Market st., San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
.. . . . ... . ..... MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st............. Phone Jessie 2081
Rooming and apartment' houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
¦ ............. MITCHELL & CO.......... i. . .
$1100 FOR 26-room '; house; clears ' $100 month:
¦ full roomem: rent $50: : owner ¦ 7 years ; slck-
; ness. KREDO & CO.. ;766 Market , st.
FOR '. sale-^-Bargain ; ' 11 \ rooms and bath ; ! must
-.sell at once, -s 643; Otary;«t; , -
FOR SALE— 9-room house aad furniture. 1 - Call
at k 728 Howard st. . ¦ • . .. '
If— ¦;-.¦-¦¦¦, ¦;¦¦::¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ ; , ¦ ¦ : ; ~~~~~ .¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ ,, ........: ; ¦ ¦¦¦..,¦¦¦¦¦
\t . jm _¦ ¦ * _ ¦ iJ ;T/. • !'S
| r^^HI^^^S. TO WANT ADVERTISERS |
jT t ____•___-!_ __L/V )-Vx v L £r^*^ / Wr*^" J 1 1 -*f**i{ Itf^lS?! A _0"% A _"%.'_r"% VM V*^W f f% W\ _Mi^W* ' •"^
ll H'^^^mf 1 Vermont Maple -Syrup I
- iii \ 15 I os - W e ' come Article on Any Table ill
> Hi \* \\ -\© |! "The supply of Maple Sugar made Is limited. |:|
\i B Amy ¦''(Mmfr\- 11 l| ll The sugar forests are constantly growing 'smaller; ;|
>¦:; H^ \r 'if%\Mif \\\ P\\ fe tne demand for Maple Sugar' or Syrup is steadily be- :||
\:\ iM~^& lj '\- Hi M H coming greater. In consequence the temptation to i||
\i mm fM\^Slr Inmih M adulterate is very great. Secure a can of Toboggan : : |
>::| • H m^^mlf - III Tflw Wt ¦ Maple 'Syrup and learn what Pure Maple Syrup i;|
i: : ma C^JP' / ; 'S || tastes like. Any one bringing a "Want Ad" to : |
¦ i If^I^ 4 ¦ ' __^ S _L_7 J_T am _f^^ Kir rl! f\4 f\ ¦ X t *J^%
| I I THURSDAY, FRIDAY i|
! CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. |
| OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY ||THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30. 1904.
11
0Y5IXTT •WAZTTEP—atale— CJt
'-¦'"Mrimn»'T bor.kkfr't^r r-^is enragerrent:
hca tactiu^h kcr-a-.-ac/e cf ycrersl cf3c*
* -~rk of skipping asi ceneml nierchmfs
I iii'im s. tor ii m- years r-sfjer.t :n A'J-
ItzxJ}* aad 13m Ori-s-.t; Crsi-cUii reftri^ceu.
b*a 1*JU. C*'X
C3C-CONV 1CT. recfnf.y coaverted. capable of
•r.«-i:.r?-it *ri'l!tT«t!i-r. tr;«»i-s ror a "'"^^f^f 1
« th LS.-ir..« -tcp'-are-- Parti'-iUr* Paul-
»-r. Su*erinicni«nt Terie! MUs«i.»n. »"»
:iv,:j ct
'. i.VM. --.n. it- '-!-»r* il-. 4 r-ars' •xjenesct
nr>t-^U»i liott:*. Wt-^wI iir French. U^r-
MZirtm iihri-V J. CUTTBEIiND. 1C2>
Jat>%oa *t
ETTUATZOJi »a=t««i to take care =f a prl-
r«« pfa«« tT » uuaf uUur bm (DaneK
Bodcriaadi tar^miac. ton^tmOHatKt**
-»r*rc3ce». iijx »<8g> Oj-j J — ¦-*¦
£. STEADT an.1 s< - rr.jn wssts position in
. in*,. :nj«>r 5<"i~- to deliver kccCs and
:*k- ort-ra. cr -..::¦-; gaod r^cr-acea. Ad-
<".ri-?i 7T~. V r .lv st
aLIlflJXS-aJSWa SMB. <~-«rajar!, AT ssrfen-r
in »:« its trantU's: sefc^r sad wLl^ne; ab.e
»o trii^ cfcars* ¦' c^tleaiAa's plaoc: wUe a
~ot: cock: -:v 2 '.n tamir B"* 2CI». Call.
IXIV-BOCS^S baaSy. reliable rros. with 25
v-ars* e=r*riea-.-- h*B<i:ing men, welfhlaj.
uir.s c^TTT*. warts permanent work. Ad-
ar^> • ::».i:tonccart.
CP.r<.'K" rav:ny :-«s ard BKBHtftl eXT'ri-
cnj« a* jrasajrT acd fcurer t» cp»n f..r a.a
frx^i-^*-^ ' n *¦'? rart of the State. Cox
H3* ra " <^'S^-
-.^nrrNrF.. .".-st i-lasa. ?'.ng>. ot lcn« erp~-
la^^srai.-* ar.d greenhouse wcrk.
v. mk>-r tlTSMtli r. pctTXxa BK coms>*rcial pla^e;
•-»«>rertc«. Adirtis* U. D.. bcx 1970. Call.
\ kS~.'~,L — '.'v ?x;ier!enreu janiior r.z<i hous^-
.-ies^T. -.nr itinJ it ir^.de or out-ode wcric
¦ cr.y; kin nal, li^tit roora ia «x-
-f:aige '.cr »trk- I. METER. 110 nrd' «t
--. x pr '¦ VPTt tiomusi::? experienced and con-
r»trrt i-> «.<*utr.e full charge cf fint-class
;--r!\a:.e p!ai*». dealrv pennan^nt pcsitUia
•:o*:-t:-ate;y. E«-x 1SJ». Call clit-*.
.-. uE;:il-VN wilier. <;-r.ck worker, wjnta po-
.3 '^aiery -re»ra-uract ax once. 1Z3
jllT.1^ «t
\EPEYTnrt tr.tk direct from owru-r;
r«-p«:r:r-* hrus»« by t>.» cay" of Jcb. Adiress
G. W.. 712"-s. Omentma st. city.
0ACHXAS and gardener, nsan about place.
¦nabca po«Itioa: best cf rerereBCfii. Eox IOCS.
Call effice.
! 3 '..::!&. Dceith. wist** a position, city or
ccur.-.ry: has first class ref»renc«s. Ecx
IMS, Ca;i.
V.'VLT' !ik# "ics: :!cn as watefcstan: first-class
refenace: w-.r: g:\i< $1000 »^:ar.ty- strictiy
A '.drrss P. I. ROWAN. 12:U Pierce st
A. iriADT tcb#r younc maa from Ohio would
.sc* in a private farr.Uy. 5. GREEN-
5L_\.."Ii, IC13 M^t-ton st
NIGHT W2-.ct=iaii or jasltor wcrk; steady.
«tb*- s-a=. wvil put up cisa bead. Bcx
1Z33. Ca^: cf£c«.
H.JNK:-T »;z;in# youns nun. locking for por-
•-r j.n-i b«.rtecd«r position : has »ciT!e «xp«rt-
:» '^ndiac tar. B<:x 1753. Call office.
~3L».LL contracts ani r*=?raJ Jcbbi=» by a
.¦•.re: rt*z.t -»rper.ter; estizittes civea. A.
JI.. ~i~S N"lnet"«»ctJi st
TOUT.'J man wlshe* position Ia dental office;
had »..s« years' experience; references.
Box 1574. Call office."
¦ . vrTION Try dvi: ar.J mir.ir^ engia-er. or
caa ULlce ctarte cf irise: tea years' expexi-
•-dc»; w.ll g-o aaywher*. Box 2D01. Call.
ZI-F.^THICIAN who thcrTugtly oadsTatanls
iac»tJU[ and ccnatructicn wishes positicn.
Eox 13R3. Ott
fl > V.TLL b*- paid f> any <w» heipirjr me ta
*ec;r» suitable r^eiticn ta effice or stare.
Bos 2X1. CaU effice-
A N'O. 1 fcart>;r wants either «hert cr steady
hour Jet A<Mre«* Barber. l**M Lsjrrxna St.
SITUATION vaT.z&4 by Geraa.--Swi*! > . t» take
car* c£ hcra«s and cots. 13U9 Stocktoa st
FLGP.IST. witfc t*n year*' exp^rieac*. wants
pocitlua. Box 1373. Call office.
NON-L'NION eupestxr war:ri steady wcjrk.
E j. 2«+. Cm.'.', office.
',¦ r 'T> Cerrr-aa <i;sliw»sn*r wishes a ptrsl-
ii.s a the city or cruntry- Box 1333. CaU.
WaNTI >— Position try a first -class Chinese
eaok; ftrr..!y c- boar^:r:s-hous<». E". L.. 1113
Clay st ; te!. Black 3*O.
A NTCE ar.d ht-restJaparies* rcuag man. who
«p*-alcs *xe»"er.t Crjrtifi. wants any l£sd cf
pos:t;.jc frcm « to 12 a. m. : out room, out
swal. VICTOR. 723 Geary «t-. city.
A fAPASCSSE fccnest bey wants position la
stcr*- or cia-e at gea»-r*l »crk: apeaks well.
J.VME.S HIHJkP-A. care of Jitanea* Art
Stcrr. 21'* Po« =t-
A IATASIZSZ wants a situaticn as an assis-
tant coo« or r»neraJ housework, city cr
.-•ir-ry. GEORGE, care Ntppca Co.. 50/
DepoBS ft
A JAPA.VESE wishes a position as an assist -
act crick < r general boi:»?wark: city or coun-
try. •HO Pine st O. NAKATO.
*: JAE49TX3SS cccit <l*sires position as co.* in
r»s;»-ciabie fss-.ily: aa* g<*rl reccsimeada-
tlcrs. JCaMKICHI, 20 Lewis place.
A JAPANESE bey wants situation at hruse-
wcrk; can •x-clt GEO. D. TAUUXCIU. 1125
Pilk »t_. p»ere PcJt 4011.
a JAi'AX£5& wants a situation as aa asuist-
ir.t ¦:'.,* «»r s^nerai bouseworic NAKATO,
00 T^r.< rt
\ >".». I THFUL Jtpases* bey ws.nt« work r=onu-
i=rs '~ a rt>cni. 1229 Pir.e st: M. E.
A FOC20O J».p*xi«-»* wastst position as valet:
«p»-afc* Snc'.J>= well- TAK.^. FUJI I. 12103
L-aric:- s,t.
A .'AFiC>E£n br>v wiats a 7oslti«» as school-
V-y ta frsaH fis;i:y. n«8 <>eary «t; phcae
/. JAPANESE ftey wishe* a p«*="'tioti ss sehool-
boy is a vszxj: imar.;-*. TANAKA. gll Stock-
t-s*. «t. ; tei. BuAh S2S.
JAfANTSSTE yrr-int bey vanti poeirir-.n as a
*.-rr;oI bnr. K. E . phcr^r Fc'.som 3CS5. 15&4
T^'rzrs. «t
"APAKESE eoopl<i wtcM like vitcation. maa
13 rto gzT2~r.log 'or any ctsr.r k:=rt cf wta-ic
ar.d v.-.r» ;o .o •t-cUIss. 1213 "ri Pc«t »t
JAPANESE ctMZle want a pcsitl-TB; maa to
••o kitct«j help: wi> t» *rccad trcrker In
far:^. TAM.VTO, 423 Stevessoa s>t.. S. F.
A TArANX?Z c*nt» a positlor. at housework;
Ta-iiUy cr tn»»l. Box 2LT7. Call office-
JAP.V.VE5E toy wsnts po«tti/7n as aciiool bey.
Address 703 Larkin mz. : te!. 3752 Pcik.
*Ai*Ajs"E£E. sxx-i bry. wants situation to da
UouscTr^m. xrccts $i wk. UKAJ. 14 Stliary.
A JAPANESE wants a f»w hours' work cf any
krlcd. <ay or cisbt fHANK. 315Vj Stcckton.
EXPKr.I.'Cr.'CED wt»he« nositjon as
» at'-TMur r.r c»gfsr^. T. EATO. 121 Halght
jpgAra to TJre.
A — iK^'SEP and *!«*» to let; n immense list:
•erv<»» -ibi-dutelr fre<: take advantase of
this c>T>artra*T!t: it will save you ttin» and
rr-.uble. '"erdr 1 * Fum.ture Co.. 213-239 Geary
st. ca ti* s<i'jare.
sIlRA.r>r:a. 73. r.«ar WaKer— E>s*=t apart-
tnett. l;rj- rr^et reosi; bath, vnfursish-
*C : Z'-
r —l 5ft— LOVELY Sit; S cooms; all modem aed
rznxf, y»rt ajia cellar; crar.d view; water
free. r^C Lc.lcrtu ft. ccr. LU;erty.
i.^5— LOVELY £at; ti roosas. «n moaera acd
¦ucay: yard and cellar; Brand vl»w; water
tnm. .j* V: lores et. cor. Liberty.
tjm'tnyXlaC ft*»: 7 roonw; aij rvxirm and
.•-nay; water aati hail saa fr««. 674A Vaiea-
i-ia »t_ near Tw«ntieU».
LI-EGANT new Zzt: tS larre. suaay rtonss ami
tmt±. rrat V* *>• 17*7 Pate st. near
Ooldea Oat» Park.
SiiJ.NA. 'J17— Susny tUi*. rents tZZ to $17 SO-
:: rocms and bath each; Janitor semct!
* -mecgrr. etr.. free; caU aed »<g then.
TV.O sew ei#ea«t upper CaU: <; rocma and
iia.zh; carine view: reayenabie. E1Z. car. Ba-
U.jr-r: acd Filbert sts.
XOE, lC-lfS. near nft^eittls — C-rcom Hats I
tlnck north of ilarket: aiidd^. V»: upper
fZZ :¦<¦¦-
CttlSN. ZlZl. nr. Wet«t«r— Most elcc^nt new
Itwrorm uct>*r Sat w!Ui attic; sun all fiay:
*ur«rb. mmttttmcttt marine «1ew; jto.
L.'K" 712. ni-ir Ninth ave— New French Cxi-
« roo=u; rest S2Z: riarlnv \1tbt; park reir.
tSf.'Vmn. sucny flat: 3 larjP rooiss. ba*o.
•yard: rrrt orJy $^5. Z3i Lyoc st. nr. Fultca.
>"E"W sanrtr upper: « rooms, bath, etc.: marine
•?M*r. 1261 Valleio. naar Hyde ears; cneap.
fl? .-Ftottr many room*. 234 Duboee a»«^ be-
_ l»ecx; Guerrtro and Ilarket eu.
PIiAT TO EST— Coatlantfl.
NINETEENTH. 4P.12. NTJ. corner~Nc«. blo<-k
to Cirtro arkl Ei£j; te<;n *3 st. cars — Loveiy.
n^w_ upper S-room modern flat: storeroom;
must be s»tn. tic. ; $25 : water f re* 1 .
TWO new fiats; middle and upper: C and 7
rc-ras. Cubocts ave. <13*.h st), near Market
A NET,' frtyle «a- : t ro<-n:s cr.,1 }\ ; ilf". Ugh:?.
pest $3C. 1~'J Cik st.. wr. ilaj»ir.jj ave.
POST. '.;."" — Six rooms and Ualh: upper !!a;;
rrz' rfaiunabTe. •
MI NX A. 451 — Ffcu of 3 rccrrs and bath; rsnt
$SZ; water ir.cluied.
$27 Nv — 6-ROOM cottas?. larce lawn; 5-rocm
fiat ?23. TUTTLE. U Mont^r.mcry st
L/.RGES"; ll»: or hontrs snrf Cat* to '.et CxU
r -n LTO-V A HOAG. >1G Mor.txon-.ery m.
flats to I.ST— rxra^isgEP.
TO LET— Partly tttTBUttad rr.iddle flat or five
rocms ar.J batii: r»-nt r*asonab;e. Appir
<iai'v t«.: i ws 1:30 and 5 p. r.i.. 73 Suuai
P»rk. *
COCE. 4 JO. frcntlr* pachsn.I>. 2 blocks from
Park er.trc-Tce — Ssa «U iiy in everv room;
S ror.ics and bath: can t>e s*en frora 11 to 2.
THREE surriy rco:r^ with bnth: new aad
nw>!ern: have to U" »e«n to be appreciated:
cpen dally. 572 Eddy st
FURNIeITED fiat for sel* cr fcr rent: 6 rottas.
l.V.Q'- Sfarx»t St.. off Vsn Ness ave. i
riATS rOB SALE — rUBWISHE^^
ii<~DKPJS ¦ msill *«nr.y fiat; rent $-42 50;
water fr»e: furtrshiajfs at a bargain. ITS
Oak st. ; call between 10 and X.
TO lrt — 4 f-jrnl*«l h'maelti'epinc rocms. Call
between :¦ and VZ. 2 and .*.. I45C Gruve St.
G<">ING to Eurcpe: will *el! fl firnt-classi fur-
nished njciT^ at sacrifice. 61CB Greenwich st.
MCALLISTER. 1.14J — Elegantly ruralshed 7-
rcem Car. Arplv rr.ornJR«s.
TTTBJTTTVTLZ 70S SAXiE.
H. MKYER A Co. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission :tel. Bush &13.
173 WORTH uf furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per Tretk. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
FX7327XTTTHE WASTES.
ABE LEV r" *
£«le»racni. 1133 Mirkift st. Tei. Jessie 731
D«n r »»ll ycur furniture, carpets, office rur-
n:tiire. etc.. urtil you r?t his erUmata.
H KEI^? JTASTED- FEMALE.
2 COOKS. American rasailies $:J0-$35
3 sma.ll* hotel cocks $30-$40
2 cooks. German style *CO-*35
J paricrmaids. cuuntry $3<>
3 second giris $2u-S2S
Lady's maid *30
Chambtirrcaid. country hotel $20
Ho£sfcjcc«i.er. woman with a child S15
Nurse girl for grown child J2O
2 curse girli, country S20-S-3
CMk and second e'r-.. same house .... $2S-$3l>
Kitchen helper, private family $2.0
Helper in fcaiery. no roeni $7 per week
Hjusewcrk g»ri. Fresno ¦ *3<J
Housewcrk. 3 in family. Redding $30
\p house girls, city and country. S20. $23.
KO. Arrty to J. F. CRCSETT &. CO.. *il
gutter *t
A WOMAN with one child as working house-
keeper for two pecpie, $15. ,
A utrcr. wotran to care for an invalid at
night $10 a week.
A »\icu to heip in Infirtr.ary. $25 a month.
A Brst-cUsa waitrees for private family. Saa
Rafael. $30.
A coclc :>.r a rrivate family in rif- $40.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. nr. Powell.
A WOMAN with a child for working house-
keeper in country: Sis- set party here. Ap-
ply MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, city. $35
tj'hegin; later advance. CALIFORNIA EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Third st. phone
Bush 405.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdre.*sing
manicuring, etc.; trade taught. from A to 3
ia 2 weeki; tuition $3 to those entering now;
three positie-s to fill Immediately; po«:t:ond
Fiiarar.teed at $10 r>er week up: leading
school tn West 233 Geary st. room 13.
WANTED — Giris to learn millinery now for
fa" B«-ascn; bcth seasons taught frcra start
r o finish in one month for $3; positions as
trimmers, saie^'.adtrs. makers, guaranteed it
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
medla'e'.y. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC Coll«re teaches hainiresstng.
manicuring, eiectric ma.«sag». etc. : rtx hours'
practice .a day: guarantee positions; only
reccynfseii college oi Its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell at
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY; GOOD PAY;
ETEADT WORK. LEVI STRAUSS A CO..
32V6 FREMONT ST. APPLY TO* MR
DAVIS.
YOUNG woman, competent cock, assist house-
work: wxshlnc sent out; $3<>: country. Ap-
ril' tbis forenoon at 2354 Van Ness ave.;
car fare, f
WANTED — Expenonced giris for bookbinding.
Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO., 741-745
Market st
WANTED — A youcg- gir! te anfcrt two ladles
with light housework In Palo A'to. Address
box 2^37. t*iis office.
EKXRT alteration hand. We^ie Clcai and Ftrr
Co., 217 Grant ave.
WANTED — Apprentice en vests: paid while
learairy. cne who caa pew. 934 FoLsom st.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER. 641*4 Stevenson st.
WOMEN to take course Itj dstective profession;
r>a'"i while, learning. 607 Market, r. '104.
XOC3TG girl tT <»i> light housework. Call after
1 r m. to-^nr. 2431 Franklin.
WAXTETJ — "Woman to yo to countrv; yenera.1
houeework; no washing. 2SX> Folsora st
YOUNG girl to assist la light hcinewcrk. OH'
FlllmTt st.
GIRL to asslrt with offl^o -a-^rk. Apply la
own han<2-arritir.s-. Box 20CCX Call office.
EXFnniENCTTD rewiaic carbine -rp^raters en
oreralle. rcats and Jumpers: steady wcrk.
LEVI STRAUPS 4b CO.. 32^ rrenicnt st
Apriy to Mr. Davis.
WANTED— Ster.eRraphT and typewriter: mast
be experienced. Apply in handT.-ritins. box
1372. Call office.
BHIGHT. cuick woman for position requiring
srtrr* executive ability; references. Box
2C10. Call.
WANTED — et?ncsraphcr and typewriter; must
te -irreck-ncfld. Apply la hasdwritias. bcx
i 1372. C«T.
WANTED — Experi-nccd saleswoman. Apply
between 3 and II a. ro. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Scandinavian cr German girt to
work la kitchen; wages $25. CIO Turk st
WANTED— A womaa to cock. Apply 2030
Seventeenth st.
MX1JISB! sir!* and finishers on vests. C-U' 3
Strv»asofl f... h«t Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED — Lady cr gentleman to learn
pbotogratpy. 3CS Tweirth et, Oakland.
LUCRATIVE pesitica open for refined lady
with knowledre of muzle. Ecx 1631. Call.
FIRST-CLASS wmist skirt and ccat hands
Apr'y to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st
DRY ffccdn salesmaa" fcr coT^.try sture. $23 to
f27 50 week; farmer and wire, gentlemaa.
ccur. try place. $5O and found: nun about
place aad wife Cor sanitarium. $30 and found;
2 miners, $3 day: dairyman for private dairy,
$3U aad found; 3 shipwrights; screw turner
for milL CO to *#> and found: farmers,
fSO and found: laborers: cook. $13 a week;
waiters and ethers. J. F. CR0SETT & CO..
K2S Sacramento st
WANTED — Twenty men and women, to tearn
the tarber trade: a. new methed which en-
ables the student to earn wages while he is
leaning: ' special Inducements this month:
rcr particulars call or address HaIGHT
BRANCH. Hi" Commercial St.. g» F.
F. L. SKAGGS A CO.. hotel brokers. 28 Mont-
romery st, S. F.. fare !«h ' managers, stew-
onie. chefs, clerks, cashiers, housekeepers'
a=d head waiters fcr noteis. resorts aad
claba, «
i UZN to learn barber trade: caly eight weeks
required: roastant practice aad expert In-
rtrsctlcc: pesitiens secured: special induce-
ments this menth: catalogue CLalled free.
Zlc*er System Ccllece. 63S Pay st
WANTHD — Men an«J women • to prepare for
Gorrcmaient positions. Apply far tree cata-
logue erring particulars. Pacific Corresi-ond-
i eace IssUtute. Gra&t bids.. I'.OS Market st
ALL cneznployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, axe invited
to recister wttb us free of charge. , HOItD
4. SMITH. 86 TbirU st, &. F. ES»jt
ansciaiiASEOtJS — yos^jAi^-^con-^ j
FOR, sale — A first-class ticket to Chicago;
malje: medium. Box 2028, Call office.
TWO ladies' tickets to Denver: good untU_
October 23- Eox 2064, Call office. f
FULX. line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks: for sale cheaj at 25 Stockton st
AN elerant sealskin- for sale for $73. SE-
CURITY LOAN A, TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
FOR sale — New phonograph; half price; CO
records. SC$ Twelfth St.. Oakland.
ELEGANT -diamond rinc $30; terms $3 per
month. P. V. GARXN. 138 Montgomery 5t.
FOR sale — Genuine water spaniel; ycung dogs.
CHAS. COLEMAN. 426 Natoma st. top" floor.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prlcee. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large stones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st^
RCOMS papered: $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolaa Co.. 1»77 Mrkt
DESKS boujat, «old and exchanged. T. D.
MeCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st : teL South Sll.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DQNNELL. 1021^ Market st
S 45 ES and ca.-»h registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SOME g ; ood 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK * CO., 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and lannches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fi Fremont .it.
mzscexjtazteotts wants.
„_._. """wanted.
Second-hand Encyclopedia Britaaalca; must
be late issue: state price.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
DIKMOVDS.and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 400. Adams
bldg.. 2Ct5 Kearay st; phone Black 30S6.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gents' castoff cloth-
ing., etc TeL Davis S23; <J50 Sacramento st
A BIG price for ladies' and gents' casto2
clothing. 022 Folsora st: tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. g!5 Washington st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing am"
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jeasle 285L
MONEY TO LOA5.
company (£ac!>^
j ...ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5Va and 8 per cent
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, lire Insurance policies,
estates ' In probate, undivided interests In
property, probate realty loans, stock* and
bond?. Usacles and undivided interests la
property purchased.
. MANHATTAN LOAN
suite 107-108 Crocker bid*.; pnea* Mala S9Z\
AAA— HEr.MAN MURPHY.
JBOl-602-^03 Examiner building.
* Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exoenses by (iealinz directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, ass-.gnmeats of rents, property in trust,
etc. , legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount an
1st 2d or 3d
Mcrtztute. on real estate or
Chattel, in city, towa
or country.
Low rate of interest
Glv« full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 430. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Monty leaned salaried people without sectxr-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
* call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bids.
j a O\1 furniture or planes at lowest rates; no.
removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
" 1st or 2d mortgages or oa aay security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 3o Geary, roonx 38.
LOANS on furniture, pianos and other se-
curity, from S2T, up. without removal. THE
NORTH AMERICAN REALTY AND BOND
CO.. room 60. Columbian bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
SJ6 ilarket: tel. Mala 1C+L Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salari-?d people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; larse business In 43
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrctt bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel znort-
Rajres diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN A TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st, near
Market.
X THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 p«r cent D*r month.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security • diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
coin.; cut rate.CaLLcan Co.. 52 '3 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.COO.
DL^MONDS aad precious stones bousrht for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405~Adam3
bids., 206 Kearay st; phone Black 30:W.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no oumml.wion: no publicity: $23 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery at, rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their nutt*: easy payments. 50O Rialto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
¦ ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loaD at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
DON'T borrow money on salary until yen see
us. Hatton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bids-
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chatteL-j. E. W. LICK.
1C03 Mutual Sav. Bank bMg.. 7C8 Market st
ALL loans en diamonds and jewelry 2 p*r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bask. y>S t^*arny.
3% ON furniture A pianos: 513 up; no removal;
no rvm. V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and' bent In America— The Weekly
Call. Itt pJi*?B. sent to an;,' address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $t.
postage paid. . -
. ttTTTPICAIh
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from, irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience la all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Market st. rooms 7 and 3.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide tn me.
j Relief for irregularities. Help for the oa-
, fcrtuaate. My time la devoted exclusively to
thsse conditions. I'm the caly GRADUATE
physician here who can smy this. - Call or
write. Confidential. • E»t li years. DR. R.
; H. WESTON. office 303 KEARNY ST.
i MRS. DR~WYETH7~8peciaTlst fcr~sjT female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant rsll«£
guaranteed; 30 years" experience. S28 Post »t
. MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist (or all fs-
* male troubles acd Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS Jt. opp. 3 th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN. ladles' specialist now
visitirg the leading- sanitarium* and mater-
nity homes of Europe, wtll return to San
Francisco oa or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 T.iy'.or st
1 DR. O. W. CDONNELL— All who mt* sick or
In trouble consult this specialist ca female
complaints: positively corrected; tha unfortu-
nate helped; the most dlfflcult'cases treated;
advice free. ¦ Office 1018 Market at
PRAE^ — Dr. Rcbertscc's remedy: a protection
against Irregularities : absolute safety guar-
anteed; ?I .box. The Robertson Co.. «15
Grant bid?.. Market and 7th sts-, S. F..-Cal.
LADIES, our regulator never falls: a protec-
tion without internal m-dlclns; price $2 per
box. FROST'S Chemical Agency, 1104 Mar-
ket et. . San Fraacisco. - ' " .
DR. and MRS. DAVTES and HINDOO HKBBs?:
original metficd of treatment 1126 Market
MRS. DR. GWTER. 511A Leavenworta st. be-
tween .Geary and CFarralL ¦ -
LADIES — Kumroead: safe, sure." never falls;
12. Gleason'Ruggles Drus Co.: Searay A CUy.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2S35 Folsom it, corner
2Sth; Udles, reflet or no fee; CIO.
CHEAPEST and best la 'America— The WVekly
Call. IG pasts, : sent , to - any address in the
, United States, ex, Canada one year for ft. • »' ,
artrsiCAii aj* st ttxttLxij* jtf^^^^^
A^EUNCbTof^?PRK5HTS." EASY^PAYilEN'rs
Erarti. splendid for practice $4<>
• Sherman. Hy*e & Co.. splendid order *123
¦ Grovcsteen A Fuller, a baixaia $143
Also Chickering. W«b*r. Steiaway, Vose.
Steck. Steriing and others at low prices.
BSNJ. Ci;P.TAZ A SON, li O*Farr»II st
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest price* aad greatest variety of
new piancs: all makes In uasd Instruments.
HEINE PLOCO CO.. 235-207 Geary st: Oak-
land. 12Z>2 Broadway; largest exclusive ptaao
hcus* and only manufacturers here.
CLOSING OUT SALE — Planes. Jnst as good as
Dew; must be scld before October 13. Prices
ran?c frcm $110 to $163. Cash or iastall-
¦ ments. 739- Market st, second • floor, over
Auditorium Penny Parlor. First come, first
served.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 33O-I52-04
.Haves st; teL Fell 57C1.
Talking machines, gnitars. etc.: easy payments:
month's piano rent free. Braenn. 225 Sutter.
A G-?orxe StecJc upright grand: e!e*unt rna-
bcsrir.y cas- ; cheap. Hornuay. 219 McAllister.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold ; $133. 237 Geary «t
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as gocd as
new; $133. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellaa plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright ptanos sold en $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st
3-PETDAL Stelsway cp; Chick erinz baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keege's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
O77ZCES ASS STORES TO UCT.
NICE, airy office room: furnished; good light;
Janitor and tel-?*hor.i* privileges: prtvata ex-
' cnanse. Apply 2<J4 California st
"OFFICE fnmitura aad earpcta for sale; office
to let. 38 Geary st
FOR rent— Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 108 New Montgomery st. 7th floor
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with cn«-
haif of face treated; I guarantee ta remove
permanently wrtakles, freckles.
Smallpox pittiags, etc.;
• Restore lost "contour.
li yoa desire a fresh, ycung face, can cr
write. MME. GIUJNGHAM, 131 Powell st
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a son cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat etc. Sold by ail drumrists fcr
over 2l» years ; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL. A BROWN, 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, ls»-
proves Its growth, stops CalUag'. cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy ca.. 1333 Polk.
C&scerous hxnrps. sores. Impure blood <affsetins
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cared by
skilled specialist frcra Europe. Apply Cestral
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cure<L
"REXRADIO" cured my cancer, aad .friend's
paralysis; interview . us at offices. TSifi
Market
A GUARA NTEE TO GROW H.UR
On tha worst bald head. Call or wrttfc
DR/G. 3. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr Kingr bldg..
. 121 Geary st — Bust development, electro-
lysis, magnetism, massage.
ELECTRIC light baths: bakla* for rheu-
matism; all kinds of hydrotherapy; 233. Geary
st. entrance, suit 27; even'gs by appolstmeat
AT less than cost; uncalledVor suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYON3*. Lcndoa
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and Jl 5t> per week. T. BRILLLVNT
FURNITURE COi. 340 Post st. near PowelL
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vesta, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S3O Market
EASY- installments for Men and Yocth». Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a week: raits to order $13 up. LEMCS, 1127
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. X3S Montgomery st
ONE Dollar weekly* keetw you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. . Mrs.
Eaton, 36D Sutter. Miss Eaten. 233 Geary J-.13.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic ' in the world at 1810 Sutter st /
TAJLOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 3O.
Misfit Clothing Earlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. 'GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mit
ALFRED UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: 11 at all drosrKists".
7STSXCXAXS ABO ST7BOEO2TS. _
DR. C. C. O*DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021^j Market st, bet 6th aad 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skla and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Ma3cn st. now lo-
cated at 6oT Geary st, near Leavenwerth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-d Clay st
FATE2TTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-!aw. 6 Hobart bid*.. 532 Market st
PTraczAsrera age^tcxes.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3o<JS 17th nt.San Franclaco.Tel.Capp SC8.
¦ PBOP OSAIiS.
SALE — Office of the Depot Quartermaster. 36
New Montgomery st, San Francisco, CaL.
Sept 23. 1904. Sealed proposals, ia tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until
10 a. m.. October 2S. 1904. and then opened,
for the purchase of damaged Khaki Cloth-
ing", via. : lZiffift coats, 100,043 trousers^
foot, 1112 trousers, mounted, farcples of
which can be seen at thij depot. Further
Information and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked. "Proposals
for Khaki Clothing-." to be- cpened Oct. ».
1904. and addressed to Major C A. DEVOL.
Q. M.. U. S. *., Depot Q. M.
SAN .FHAXCISCO. CaL. September 29. 10O4 —
aealed'prcpcsals, Ia triplicate, will be re-
¦--ivo'l here until IX o'clock a. m.. October
2S. 1304, and then opened for constructing
macadam roads and concrete sidewalks and
gutters a: Fort Mlley .' CaL Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any cr
all bids la whole cr ta part. Information
furnished en application to W1L S. PAT-
TEN. Assistant' Quartermaster General.
Chief Quartermaster.
STOHAGE A3TP^ WAaSSOPSEg.
A— EMPORIUM Storage *-Van Co.: furniture,
house ho W goods etored. moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; pfcene Grast 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER. pre».;
furniture moved, packed, shipped aad stJred.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Movint Co.. of-
fice- Post and Powell sts.: teL Pri. Ex. 571.
COVKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12&.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. S4O
Mi»lcn st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zeafuss.
1 PACIFIC s?torag« and Furniture Moving Com-
l pany. 2320 Fillracre st: phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van aad Stonqre Co.. 11 MoRtaomery
gt: tel. Mala I»40. Shlpptng at cut ratee.
EEW7.3TG- MACSnJTES _AHI> gTJWUES.
LJCliiliTIC — The machine fcr family use; bear
ts cheapest; secend-haad a(I makes - at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1C21 Markst st. near sixth.
THERE are others, bat the White Is ktae of
all sewing machines; visit the near retail
office of the White Co. at 913 Market at.
A NEW Home, the best «eccnd-baad machine:
all kinds. *:.».".. $3 : srearanteed; wber* the
doHs gwi-ng ia the window. 1CS1 Market st
stop d Burma. _
GUAR-\NTEED «rare: send 50c; tablet fcrm
mailed it» Dtala packace: ha» cured -.hen-
sands. L. L*,O. CO.. 417 Hayward bids- S. i\
T7PEWSZT2SS A2TD STTFF^XES.
AN excepticnally gocd No. 2 Remington. N'o. t
Smith Pr*mler. $25: other typewriters at
higher and l«w»r prices: rentals 9'-ZO- Ta»
Typewrtter Exchange. £33 California st
2D-HAT*D typewriters sold. . rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Iaspec. Co.. 50 1 * Market.
A WAT to. health;, mothers*- an* daughters''
home treatment: booklet free: write for it
1 VIA VI CO.. Van X«33. rhone East 2S=.
ESTATE — CITY — rO3 SAUL
~~~~~ .--*¦
PARNASSm? HEIGHTS.
NEW BLOCK. '*
FACING PARK. *
23 BEAmjTL LOTS.
«!«»> AND UPWARDS.
AS PER DIAGRAM.
> >> £^"-. :¦' Vj <—" '
ik )S /»<ro i I Zsoo "\ %
ff£/&6^ sr ,
J sets ',; ' Sool
f\ ; soj.1? ' f '!-^i '«•?« :
ft ¦¦'• ¦ 3oZs e-£. -^"'t «0
'p I '" sr
— I ( T
TERMS ONX.Y ONE-FIFTH CASH.
STREET WORK COMPLETE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
23 POST STREET.
Branch Office Seventh ave. aad H »t
Opea every day. iacladias Sundays.
.ONLT A FEW LEFT.
$1 23 PEP. WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lets la the Exceisicr Hotsest*ad?
Tract: level as a billiard table; en street
grade: dose to fine school: net far frco the
Misslon-st electric cars; secure one as aa
lnvestinent and by the t'.me it is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now befor* prices b«»cr:r2e prohibitive la tai»
rapidly jrowir.ff •eeti.Tn.
W. J. WHITE.
2rt Montg-rnjeTTP st. r. 3. Phone Maia S704.
$1150 — COR. Silver ave. aad Cjngdca; csttass
4 roem»; must be sold scon.
$1<500 — Cottage. 4 rooms; 220 2Sth st: win
Icaa %lZtv on this place. D. COFFIN A
CO., 232S Mission st. near 21st.
$4100— TWO sunny fiats. II rooms; eottage ot
4 rooms la rear; all ta first claaa order.
210 VaUer et
A FINE building site; ntar Twer.ty- fifth -st
station, ca Valencia, st; isaka effar. Box
1040, Call effics.
A $2f>C0 HOME bunt to suit you. lot Included,
any locatian. on $1 23 per w«*!t. Mutual
Home Buildinif Association. 427 Cmeaiey bid.
A T.I, work guaranteed first cia*a ¦- ¦/ AHL>
BACH A MAYER, plusibers. 8."^ Howard st
CHEAPEST and best la Aaenca — The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent ta any address !a ta*
Cnited States or Canada one. y«ar far $1.
potzig' paid.
OAKsTTr. OAK3
OAKS ..; OAKd
OAK3 GOING FAST OAKS
OAKS $45,000 OAKS
OAKS wcrth of lota OAK3
OAKS soid the OAK3
OAKS first OAK3
OAKS week OAK3
OAKS ta tie OAK3
oaks hayward tract oaks
oaks at san mateo oaks
oaks oaks
oaks . oaks
oaks choice lots oaks
OAKS with majestic oaks OAKS
OAKS still far sale. OAKS
OAKS See this property OAKS
OAKS- a: one*. OAKS
OAKS Price*, $30i> to $lS0tt OAKS
OAKS TERMS. OAK3
OAKS Lots ;0xl21 feet each. OAKS
OAKS Prices ars v-ry likely OAKS
OAKS to be raised soon. OAK3
OAKS BALDWIN A HOWELU OAKS
OAKS - 25 Post •*. OAKS
OAK3 Fra^ic S. Grurarsoa. OAKS
OAK3 As?nt at San Mateo. OAK":*
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
LOMITA PARK — On tin* of Saa Mateo elec-
tric cars: 45 minutes frora 5t?i and M-»r1s»t
sts.: outside the fog belt and Jnst beyomt
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cnzaS"
wti: Jcia the mala line: second roMtvtsion
bow belns offered: 50-foot lots from $40O us:
ter^a. first two subdivisions only $10 dowrs
acd $10 a month: sewer and water pipe* t3
front of every lot: pure artniaa wen water;
half the lots in subdivision N>. X were soM
tn two weeks: an exceptional oppcrrsntty
to secure a lot la this destraale xectioa on
easy terms: take the electris ears and ct
off at LOMITA PAP.K: maps sent ca acnll-
catica.
SELBT. P.0DGERS A CO..
Tel. Main 673 tl-i California at
BSAL E3TATS— COTTgraT — for tUl*.
CATTLE raaca. 1730 acres, Sosoaia County,
lyins west of ekairgs Sprtajs; Guaiala River
runs thrcuga ra^ch; fine feed. acatVrins
timber and tanbark plentiful: oumeroos
sprinjrs: 8 >«cres la fruit: 4O la gra&}: aens*.
bam. corral*, chicken houses, etc. : grand!
trout stream aad de»r plentiful: 3U0O acres
fenced: price ot the 17 ji acres <t*&lc<l land.
tlZCCO. D. M. HANLON. 1O Crockar bid*.
price rxoo.
A spleadld bargain in Irvlajtcn. CaL: on*
acr» of land, covered wlta fruit aad nut
trees la full bearins; an S-raom house, barn.
windmill and tank.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO..
952 Broadway. Oakland. Ca!.
ATTENTION. HOJIESSEZERS!
i Send postal frr catalcCTK^i cf tSebest !as£
bargain* tn California. C- M, WOCSTEa CO..
f4^ Market st
CUCXEf JLAJXantiS,
IDEAL. CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, af Saa l^aaira. 1
Subdividlar fn» crcaard on ?¦-.:'.» stope:
sizi» to suit: easy wrnu: plenty water: fine.
fruit: cat* rcr aetaila; go aad see Sunday.
Owner. 713 MUla bld».
CHICKEN ranch; 3 acres; htTua-?. barn, wind-
mill. 0 chicken -houses, brooder, incubator.
130 chickens: horse, wajon, ccur. stc; $UiO.
A. DFT ROSE. Gilr^r. ,
riBM roa aaarr osTOsaALE.
TO rent — The R*wland farm. 4» a«n*» good
land, well watereii aad fenced; aiao 4O hffait
of cows; will s»t! or rent; ewrytSini r»-
qtiired to run a dairy faro. Apply In penon
ti R. E. ROWLAND, Ortada Park, back of
B*rfce!*y.
K •**•»"• ESTATE TO EXCHASOIL^
FOR SALE OR EXCH.OJGS.
180-ACRE fruit ranch at Portervilie. ra fall
beartns: mestiy prunes, sosie peaeb-*s, 1<* acre*
I alfjtfa. splendid buildiaffs. aH necesaary treic
I houses, drier and trays, fa fact fully e«rj!j?»d
for haadllrs ta^ crsp: price CO.OOO: will sell
on «as>y terms or ••xcftange far good property
la S*n Fraacisco or Oakland: good reason* for
selEsc: " " "
J. H. EDSON 1 . Sole Area*.
li tad 15 Bacon hlocX
|»t;*t. ESTATE WASTES.
•W^VTED— Vacant let or House aad tot wtm
lease for term of year* , firnlaat nuraeTT-
Can or address F. A. MTLLgR. 213 K *^ t *-
pivj-Ui^iTD aroncss.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Claremonx OU Co..
en October 1 1S«4. wta pejr a drrtdesd.
N ? o a^tintias to $43C0. «oual t» one (lc»
cert per saare on Its issued capital stock.
1 payable at the office e? thecont5aBy.ttl
F Mills bulTdtrg. this city. Transfer book*
etos. MONDAY. September 2S. 1304. at aoca.
i CrEORGS J. RSJtlNGTON. Secretary. ,
I DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantt!* Trust Compaay
i "tt i» n Frcnciaco. Dividend N<x 4 of tsre*
dollars per store wlU be payasle at Use of-
fice cf the corporation. 4*4 California at. San
' Franri»«\ October 1. VJD*. Traasisr booio
{ wlU close fert^nber 23. tWH.
JOHN D. MoKEK. Secrttary.
T.TQAI, NOTICES. '^^
TO whom It may concern — I hereby notify
you that I have purchased the saloon cf
G W. Crandetl at 1300 FoLsocx st; al]
hills against th« same must be presented
by October 4. 1304- JOHN M. KEARCE.
Conti aned on Page Twetr%
HEItP WASTED— agAXE — Ccatlaa»at
A— MURRAY & READY. VTA and 63C Clay st
Phone Main 3*13.
Leauing: Errplcyir.Fnt anj Labor Agents.
We si--ak the German, l-'rench, Italian.
S«.aniiinavktn, Greeks Spanish, Slavonian and
Dsnldh Ur.^ujit; -a.
10.: We Gave • 1904 We Hope to
, CO.i.fiO M;u Wnrt facrease OD.000. I
—CARPENTERS—
Unhoisterer, *- ij*) day.
U hhi"al«»n, 5«ic fare, $1 prr M.
7. wiuii workers, i'M); i beaoh hands. *00;
tu^Ic c:ak.cr; 3 brush makers; band sxwy-ir.
; —12 PLA3TERF.RS. SI 00 DAY—
PLUiI3ER3. FARE PAID.
't- rlun:berc, no unlcn, $4 a day.
C IRON MOLDERS.
Slack cooper; 2 varnish finishers.
Gaaa* trinimerri^.n, tare $2 CO. $30 found.
Vel.-dirrger, unjerstards gas engine. SK) fd.
Levrman, gasoline- engine dredger, $73.
MURIiAY A- HEADY. 634 and C3tJ Clay st
—LUMBER SYNDICATE-
'S laborers, wcrk on railroads, $C0.
, m NET/ JOBS.
• 13." woodchoppers.
12 BCILEK-1UKERS.
12 bor.er-makers. 12 boller-malcers.
22Vi<z to -CU;C hour. 32 Uc to 3t5*c hour.
Fre« fare — Manager at cur ZcAci — Free tare.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
3 beys cr young m-n. box factory, $33 found.
FARMS, DAIPJES. ETC.
Han.ly mar., slaughter houae. $20 to $25 fd.
14 caorcmer.. beys, see u», fl5. $20, $30 fd.
-•: general farm hands, steady jobs, $30 fd.
BAKERS.
For»man cake baker, $23 week.
3 helpers, d^JTsrent bakeries, $20, $23, $35 id.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drarery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS.
5 *heep butchers. $30.
4 krUfe men, $2 75. 3 sausage makers, $14.
COOK3.
15 .-ocks, different p!a.c-s, *30. $40. SM, $70 fd
DELL. ELEVATOR BOYS— BEDMAKERS.
'J dl«cwa»hers. different places. $20. $30 fd.
Marri»d farmer, southern town. $30 and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY.
E5 track men, any laborer will do.
*C7 50 TO $73 00
Wheelwright, Nevada State. $S0 found.
Man to take contract cut lumber, boss here.
Strong handy man with butcher-knife, $2 50.
Greek port»r. saloon, country. $25 found.
5 ironmol.lers, $3 day and found.
S ironrnoldera" helptrs. $2 day and found. *
• Sign painter, wagon, etc. ' fare $1 25, $32 50
and found.
MANAGER HERE.
12 hand miners, grood mine. S73 ta $82 5Qi
BOX FACTORY.
2 cut-eff nawyer*. country, $75.
SCRAPER FOREMAN, $75.
NON-UNION PLUMBER— CITY.
Steward. Slavonian. §30 and found.
Portuguese {arm foreman, $43 and found.
Helper, city, carpet sale, warehouse, $40.
3 painter?, city house work. $3 day.
KEW RAILROAD WORK.
15." LABORERS: $00.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
SHIP CARPENTERS.
12 ship carpenters, $4 day.
Matcher and sticker hands. S3 50 day.
Carder for cotton machine, $2 23 day.
WATCHMEN.
. Watchman and fireman, city factory, $50.
Houee man. city, private family, $20 found.
3 boys for city stores. $4 week.
3 laborers to heip carpenters, fare 10c, $1 CO
cay.
12 laborers, 50c fare, private work, $60.
BOSS HERE. ,
Bookkeeper for vineyard, $2 35 day; time-
keeper tor vineyard. $40 found; clerk for
store en vineyard, $30 found.
XOOK.
Boy for shce stcre. $1 to $1 25 day; cook, city
boar-iir.g-house. *S5: elevator boy. first-class
city job, $5 week fcund.
LOOK.
Busrgy washer, country, $40 found; buggy
washer, city. $73: man drive delivery
wagon, grocery, and United States mail,
country, $23 to $30 found.
3 HAY BALEP.S.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
23 hand miners, $73 ta $S2 50.
- LOOK.
Pipe fitter, factcry $ : > day.
MURRAY & READY, £14-636 Clay st '
AT HORD &. SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
4 bridge carpenters, $3 2.". free fare.
4 carpenters' helpers. $2 .», free fare.
Cook, camr, near city, $45.
Dishwasher, hotel. $25 ar.d fd., fare 15c.
Eciler-n-.akpr, city. •
Laborers, Monterey County. $2.
Plpemen, Mcnterev Coun*~ $2 25.
Laborers, Sutter County. $1 27, and found.
A MAN anil wife for an institution: country:
$.¦»; see lady her-. MISS PLUNKETT, 423
Sutter st. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 13—
Watchman, $3O; colored waiter, $32.
WANTED — Ycurg man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and
, 11 a. rr... at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Cash beys and delivery boys. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Ycung man who Is a thoroughly
experienced dress goods salesman. Apply
bet 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Your.g men between 25 and 33
years cf age. who is experienced in corre-
spondeaca and familiar with the dry goods
business; state ag*. experience and salary
expected. Apply box 10S3. Call office.
"WANTED — By lanre delicatessen store an ex-
perienced delicatessen man. Apply, stating'
experti?n<-« and salary expected, box 2045.
Call office. '
WANTED — S<t;««man fcr r»tail tea and coffee
business; outside San Francisco; give ex-
perience, reference aad wages expected. Box
1352, Call office.
TAILORS. — A bushelman wanted for the
eountry. ARNSTEIN, SIMON & CO., Mar-
ket and Second sts.
WANTED — By wholesale house, bright boy to
make himself generally useful and deliver
packages. Address bcx 2033, Call office.
WANTED — A (rood barb«?r f3r Saturday and
Sunday, at 132 Pacific st. ; good wages.
BARBER — Saturday and Sunday; bring tocls.
411 Devlsa'iero st
GOOD barber; Friday afternoon and Saturday.
€23 Clay St.; cali a'ter 10 o'clock.
BUSIDTLMAN wanted. 1C3S McAllister.
4 FIRST-CLASS carpenters for Inside finish.
Corner Post and Central avenue. .»
WANTED — Youcgr man with $73 for good pay-
ing business. Address box 1500, Call office.
BRIGHT, i-lran cash bnys winte<i- Apply su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — 1 boys. 16 yr* or over, to work in
factcry. Apply THOS. DAY CO., 725 Mission.
!
COATMAKERS— Apply 11<J Sutter ot.
POUTER wanted — GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733
Market St.
WANTED— Five rainters. Apply at 2012 Mar-
ket rt. , • •
TWO good carpenters fcr finis'.-.Ins work. Ap-
ply to 153i> Union st. Alameda.
MEN to take course of instruction In detective
work. 837 Market St. room 104.
BARBER — 3-chair ahep for sale at sacrifice;
den't miss It 1000 Valencia st.
; WANTED — Laborers aad mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, neno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rocms to the Denver House.
217 Third »t. : 2SO rnoms; 25c to .We per night
WANTED — An educated gentleman with good
knowledge of cyclopedia wcrk; S1CC0 per
year aad tcnua Bcx 2C<:3, Call office.
ONE or two men to learn a 'good trade; (teady
work: no night or Sunday work; S25 security
required. Apply 212 First st.
i WANTED — A maa used to outside work and
well acquainted In the city; salary. P. O.
bcx 2'S>4.
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
sample room: state ase and references la
own handwriting. Box 1783, Call office. !
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rcoms; 33c night: reading rooms;
| free 'bos and baggage to aad front ferry.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman to . learn
photography. 3CS Twelfth st, Oakland.-
BOY wanted. 533 Mission st.
WANTED — A first-class tailor: steady Job
guaranteed. H. J. JACOBSEN, Selma. CaL
WANTED — Cooper to trim whisky barrel*, 24
Commercial st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. C33 Bowkrd st ;
FOR sale— One-half of. good paying barber
shop. 122 Third st i
BARBER shop for sale; on account of other '
business. 1SS5- Mission st.
TWO >ouk£ men at 731 Mls»ion st. to learn
the barber trade. . ;"l
WANTED — Maa to . do Janitor work" for ¦ his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, T41A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 28 Stenart at ¦. -.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st." where shoes are re-
.ra'r"1 Try w'-mw^t; «»»»«< «/ii— to min _ 73,-.
HELP WAinrSD— MAr."R— Con^inaHi.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
219 KEAV-NY ST. PHONE BLACK 2448.
Experienced &as fixture man, $21 wk.
Night clerk, hotel, $'*> and found. ,
. Clearer and dyer, ?13 wk.
Operator on skirts. ?40.
Butcher tor country, ?18 wk. j .
Butcher for pork room, $3 5O day.
2 corners, trimmers. $21 wk.
Bread baker, country. {-40 and found.
Pianist country. *20 wk. and board.
Watchman, city. $40 and room.
Sifter and mixer, bakery, S4O and room.
Grocery clerk. $12 wk.
Bushelman. $2 day.
Young blacksmith, experienced helper, goad.
wages. .
Salesman for antique china. Al salary.
Bug^y washer, $2 50 ni?ht , .
Open evenings. 7 to 9. BROWER & CROSBY.
TRY our men's sho'M, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-fora sho<-s, $2 5O; we pay express
charges. 11 3d *t.. Exjm. bid. :open till 9 p. m.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
- Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montsy..r.413.
SAILORS and vounc HK'n <sre»n hands) for
Fhips. HALL.BSRT. 517 Jackson gt
PEXSION Attr.. E.A.Eu!l!»,r.40.Phelan bids;.
Past COm. C*o. H. Thomas Pest. G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscripUcns received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slUfhtly damay°d. half
riice. SU3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OET yr»ur shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
ta SCc 5tt3 Mission ft., bet 1st and 2A sts.
. H0RS2S A3TD WAQO2TS.
FINE river bottom pasturasre: green feed- year i
round; near Black Diamond. Centra Costa.
County. Nucleus Stables. 13O Stevenaon. S.F.
A FINE new rubber-llrsd buggy for sale cheap.
Apply 241 Scott sti fruit store.
FOR sale— Bu«xy horse, $40. Apply 1317 La-
aruna st
YOUNG bug-jy mare for sale. • Apply 911 37th
st. Oakland.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons scld cheap. lt?£0 Mlsstaa st. nr. 13th.
AUCTION" sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and drjvlnsr horses. 13th-Valcncia.
?£55??,:£5L55^:
• A— PRINTED list of houses ta let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
ELEG\NT. new modem houae cf 3 rooms,
bath, heatinjf plant, electric lights, all mod-
ern conveniences, larse grounds and stable,
San Mateo Park. n?ar Burliagame Station.
Box 2002, Call office^
ELEGANTLY furnished, new modern house of
7 rooms, bath, heating plant, electric lights,
all modern conveniences, large grounds and
stable. San Mateo Park, near Burllngaaie,
Station. Box 2t>;2, Call office.
100 Buchanan, cor. hoaae, S r.. l'dry. fine yard
and view: new plumbing: $30 to good tenant
HOUSES TO UT — BTTBTTBHAK.
TO rent — Country too*; 10 rooma: bath, piano
and carriage; chi*ap to right party; plenty
ot water; uieal spot fcr poultry. Call 720
Turk. I
HOUSES TO LET — rrSSISHED.
SUNNY modern. lt>-ro«!ni house and <J-room
Hat. e'le«antly furnished. 410 Oak st
HOWARD. 21.'W), near Eighteenth; ' 8 rocms,
nicely furnished: Mission warm belt; 1 to
hottses Ftraaisairp— roB sale.
NEW furnlture:» ft-rooaj house; tease; low
rent; bargain.' $;itx> this week; executor.
Box lD7i», Call efflce.
FURNISHED sunny corner house for sale
cheap: going away: good income. 994 Pine st
nrvAi.ro crrAnts.
SOLD rented. exchan?sd: manufacturers of
Eaaies tricycle chair. 2019 Mkt ;teL Park 773.
I.OST Aim FOTJ2TD. '
LOST — A passbook with the Hibemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM H. FERGCSON'. No.
27(5-1373. The finder* will please return ta
bank.
LOST— Ia th* vicinity of Geary. Scott or Sut-
ter st, two elderly ladies' photographs;
valued a* keei>«ake. . Return to 221 Oak st
and receive reward.
LOST— A pass bock with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society cf San Francisco In
the name of MARY A. SWIFT. N'o. 134-530.
Finder will plejtae return to bank.
LIKE FINDING MONEY. ~
Selling your eld gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st j
LOST— Lady's gold —atch, diamond la back;
also blue enameled gold fob with bear en-
grarved. attached. Return 274S Stelner st.
liberal reward.
LOST — Sausalito. Iarg* lemon & white pointer
dog; reward. F. W. KING, White House.S.F.
LOST — Black and tan fox terrier dog; hair
clipped oft back; reward. Sll Howard st
LOST — Llewellyn setter: answprs name Queen.
Finder please return to 230 Clara st. ; reward.
LOST — Pearl cross pin: suitabls reward If re-
turned to J. M. GOEWEY. Occidental Hotel.
• LAUflCHSS TOS HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 534.
J. Mchnlls Launch Co.. Unlon-st Wharf; boat-'
Ins; A excursions^ B Steuart st :tw. John 28SdL
HATTBEESE3 AND FZZ.X.OWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); «tcellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 21t».
ansTEs ass ammo.
INCORPORATE your mining or business In-
terests; It's mere businesslike; many ad-
vantages; ask me what it costs; directorate
secured: stock sold; new ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 522 Crcasley bldg.. 8. F.
fHE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13, 330 Pine st, will In-
corporate aid finance propositions of merit;
buys, gflla. devflcps and operates mines.
MISCEJiiAireOTTS— FOB SAIB.
wallpaper" ~~
3Uc — Per roll— 3^4c.
7*te. gold emboss-d; was 35c.
Everyday household paint. $1 a gallon.
Thes* sooda ar« first-class, up to date.
Samples mailed; write u».
House palatine, paper hanging, whiteniag
and tinting. * - MEP.IGAN.
New store. 1424 Ellis st and 1302 Webster
st; phone Jackson 1321.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITES MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 10g-l!)7 Fremont st
FOR sala — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. . . BRUNSWICK- BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mlaelcn at \
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte. in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shlnsles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
SAFES acd DESKS — Aa we are going to move,
to New Montgomery nt. and to avoid moving ;
stock, will sell at bis cut in prices. KICH-
ARDSON BROS..' 131tf Market st.
AN <>te*ant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
" and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments : iroods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton at
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines boiler*, water ptp*. shaftlngr.* pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE CP. J. Co.) CailTornla virgin gold
wedding rtnza tor aale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRYCO.. 25 Stockton st
1 ANTIQUE rosewood parlor- table, exquisitely
carved (scenre velntre deccupe); 1 antique ma- I
hosaay dreeser. 620 McAllister st
REPUTABLE place ta rent gents' fun dress.
Tuxedo or Prtnee Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st (formerJy at Palace Hotel).
SECOND-HAND wharf plank." 4x12; pine. LE
ROY BRUNDAGE. 2021 Seventeenth . st; j
phone Folaom 2328.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payment*. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont- '
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
THREE pwps 7 weeks old. aad one full brcke
bitch: high bred Irish setters rbr sale. 227
Nineteenth , ave.. Richmond district
TRY our : men's shoes at $1 and ¦ $1 5O pair;
foot-form ¦ shoes at $2 50; we pay express
cfcarxeav 11 3d tt,.Eaai. bid.; catalog fxs*. ,
PUREST rANCYSELECTED iiAPLE SUGAR, WITH WANT ADS-FI^EEIEdward H. Ksttredge to Walter P. Johnson,
lot on N line of Washington. street, 202:6 W
of Gough, W 33 by N 127 :SV t , and agreement
in 1209 D.. 206: $10.
Charles and Minnie Rothschild to Bernhard
and Marie Wagner, lot on S line , of Halght
street, 156:3 E of Pierce, E 25 by S 112; $10.
Caroline Meyers to Eleanor M. Vulicevlch, lot
on N line of Bush street, 60 E of Broderlclc,
E 27:6 by N 97:6; $10. .
Lewis C. and Emma H. Levey to Adam and
Emma Farnlacher, lot on N line . of Fulton
street, 131:3 E of Presidio, E 25'by N 137:6;
$10.-,. . ,. - r ,\ \ ¦ . ,.-•,:'.- .,;-»-
Emellne"VL. CNell to Albert J. and Mary E.
Hart, lot on W line of Masonic street, 114:6
N of Waller, N 28, W-100, S 6, : W 6:3, S 23,
E 106:3; $10. . ..
JW.r-H.:and Ethel ,W. . Crocker to Richard C.
Jones & Co.; lot on E line of Shrader . street.
THURSDAY. SEPT. £9.
READ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WANTS PAY FOR FALL.— Josephine E.
King yesterday sued Josephine Okerblad for
$5050 for a broken shoulder and other injuries
alleged to have been sustained on - November
2. 1002. She went Into his place on Fifth
street' t° DUV a 01116 wine and fell Into - the
cellar through an unfastened trap door. .
Twenty-eight 10 60 1105
West Shore * 1 80 -2 00
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company .... 7 00 _
Fischer's Theater 10 SO
Truckea Electrlo 1175
SALES.
V . Morning Session.
$oard—
100 Oil City Petroleum B3
25 Independence 27
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
600 Four " t n
6.000 Associated Bonds TO 50
r , Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK . EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 86 200 Ophlr 2 85:
200 Caledonia ... «4 200 Potosl *19
600 Challenge Con 24 300 Savage 32
650 Con C & VaVl 35 300 Seg Belcher.. 13
60 Con C & Va.l 40 100 Sierra Nev.... 37
100 C C & Va.slO.l 35 600 Sierra Nev.... 36
300 Crown Pt 16 200 Union Con.... 47
600 Gould & Cury 22 200 Utah 12
750 Mexican 1 25 200 Yellow Jacket . 28
200 Ophlr 2.40 »
Afternoon Session.
60 Belcher ,35| 100 Kentflek 06
100 Best & Bel..l 25 400 Mexican 1 30
100 Caledonia ... 64 100 Ophlr 2 40
400 Caledonia ... 63 300 Overman 23
1100 Con C & Va.l 50 100 Potosl 18
250 Con C & Va.l 45 500 Sierra Nev... 3R
1000 Con Imperial. 02 200 Union Con..".. 4S
1000 Con Imp b 00. 021 100 Utah ........ 12
100 Gold & Curry 25|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Columbia .... 24 100 Mont Ton 1 85
200 MacNamara . 37 1100 Rescue (s 10). 11
100 MacNamara 7» 38 400 Ton Belmont. . 67
100 Mont Ton 1 90 500 T G Mtn.. 15
200 Mont Ton..l 87% f000 Ton^ N Star... 20
Afterno6n Session.*
1000 Brunswick .. OS 400 Ton Belmont.. 68
nOO Dlamondfld . . 40 1700 Ton Belmont. . C9
1600 Do s 30 40 1000 Ton Ext (sl5).l 70 <
78CO MacNamara . 37 600 Ton Extensn..l 65
100 Mont Ton.Tl 87% 1000 Ton N Star... 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. 20—3 p. m.
Bid.Atk. ¦ Bld.Ask.
Alpha 11 12 Julia 10 11
Alta .-.' 08 10 Justice 08 . 10
Andes 21 22! Kentuck 06 07
Belcher 34 351 Lady Wash... W2 04
Best & Blchr.l 20 1 25 Mexican .....1 251 30
-Bullion 2G 2" Occidental ... 77 SO
Caledonia ... 01 02 Ophlr ........2 35 2 40
Challenge Con 23 25 Overman 20 22
Choller 20 . 21 Potosl IX 18
Confidence ... 02 08 Scorpion ..... • 06 OS
Con C & Va.l 45 1 50 Savage 32 34
Con "Imperial. 01' 02 Seg Belcher .. 12 14
Con N Y 06 07 Sierra . Nevada 37 .- S3
Crown Point. 15 16 Silver Hill.... 48 50
E Sierra Nev. 03 00 St. Louis..... *— -.10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate.... 03 05
Exchequer... B7 60 Union Con....' 47 48
Gould & Cury 24 *25 Utah 12 13
Hale^& Nor.. -89 62 Yellow Jacket 26 28
• * TONOPAH MINES. .
Bld.Ask. - Bld.Ask.
Adams ...... — * 00 Mlipah Ext. . . 07 —
Black Ants... 08 12 Mont Ton...l 87V4 1 W)
Blue Bull.... 23 — NY Ton..... — ¦ 04
Columbia.... 24 '" 25 Paymaster ... — 04
Diamondfleld 43 60 Pine Grove... 10 —
Esperanza ... 01 02 Qulncy ....... 10 11
Eula Con..... 10 ' 20! Ray Extension — 08
Golden Anchr 16 2«|Ray & O'Brien 06 10
Gldfld B Bell." — CO Ray Tonopah.. 10 .—
Goldfleld 71 — Red Top .. 16 17
Goldfleld Mhk 13 25 Rescue ....... 11 v —
Goldfleld S P. — ; 18' Ton Belmont.. 60 60
Goldflpld Ton. 11— It & California — 20
Gold Mtn Con — 021 Ton Extern.. 1.70 2 00
Hannapah ... — . 10 Ton &.O W.. 02 —
Hannapah MC -10 — Ton Gold Mtn.. 14 * 16
Hazel- Kirk..* — 12 Ton Midway.. 37 38
Jim Butler... — 53 Tonopah .8 12tf 8 37%
Jumbo ....... 74 — Ton.N Star... ;- 1* 19
Little 'Ton... 25 '40 Utopia ....... 10 V —
Lucky Tom... — 15 West End;.... 15 .17
; MacNamara . 38 • 371": -
• Mme. Fannie Francisca gave the
first of the two extra concerts an
nounced by her management last night
at the Alhambra Theater and her for
mer success was emphasized. by a still
larger audience.
Her opening number was the aria
from "Rossignol," for which the
singer received the heartiest plaud
its. Then the gifted vocalist gave
"Louise," heard for the first time here.
Her rendition of the bell song from
"Lakme" and numbers from "Le Cid"
and "Hamlet" won the highest
encomiums.
Eugene Marcelllno, who made his
debut as a pianist in America, 1 in
stantly found favor with the audience,
and, with Louis Newbauer, the flutist,
helped to make the concert an all
round success. '
The ; Francisca farewell concert will
take place to-morrow (Saturday) after
noon, at -the Alhambra Theater, for
which occasion a splendid programme
has been arranged.
Vocalist Who Wins Applause for Ren
dition of Brilliant Compositions
Sings Her Farewell To-Morrow.
FRANCISCA OXCE MORE
DELIGHTS HER AUDEENCE
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
At the regular weekly meeting of
the Building Trades Council last night
delegates from the Painters', Decorat
ors' and Paperhangers' Union No. 1»
were present In an anteroom ready to
take their seats as delegates. After,
waiting for some time after tEGy; had
notified the council of the object of
their visit they were informed that
the law and policy of the Building
Trades Council prohibited dual rep
resentation. And. further, that inas
much as the union was already rep
resented there was no further neces
sity for the seating of the delegates.
Wnat the next step will be by
Union No. 19 remains to be seen, as
the action of the BuildlioT Trades
Council in refusing the delegates ad
mission may be looked upon as an in
fringement of Judge Hunt'5 recent de
cision. " A telegl?\m frofn. Toronto,
Canada, was received from Delegate
Eupene Clancy of the Housesmiths*
and' Architectural Iron Workers'
Union stating that San FrUnclsco was
honored by his election- to the office
of Jrtcond vice president.
A visiting delegation from tha
Butchers' Unlott,' consisting of "Wil
liam McCue, Emll Pequillan, E. Preid
man and James Rown. was accorded
the floor and on their representation
the council indorsed the boycott on
six wholesale butchers' establishments
heretofore mentioned.
The council appointed the follow
ing as a conference committee on the
Saturday half holiday for workmen:
O. A. Tveitmoe/ Thomas F. Parken
son and A. S. Nolan. This committee
will meet with a like committee from
the Master Builders' Association com
posed of William Chatham. Thomas
Campbell and L.. A. Boynton on next
Sunday afternoon.
Conference Committee Is Appointed to
Consider Half Holiday for Work
men on Saturdays.
BUTTiDIXG TRADES COUNCIL
REJECTS PAINTER DELEGATES
liATF: SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Sept. 29.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Oipsr, L«land. 23 hours from, Mon
terey.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, 43 hours from San
™" - " n^* R «.»
BUZf Nevadan. Green. Honolulu, via VIo
torla. Tacoma and Seattle.
Stmr Newburg. Annudsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. A*torla.
Stmr Rcdondo. Kroir. Portland and Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Sept 29— Schr
C S Holmes, for San Diego.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 29 — Stmr Santa
Clara. fromValdez.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Ser>t 29 — Stmr Santa.
Monies;, for Ean Francisco; stmr Chehalls, for
San Pedro. -•.'
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Sept 27.
SaiW Sept 29 — Br itmr Machaon, for Toko
hani? °-
l ? OCEAJT BTEAilERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Deutsch
land, for Hamburg; stmr Xeckar. for Bremen;
stmr La Bretagne, for Havre; stmr Mongolian,
for Glasgow.
ArSved Sept 29 — Stmr Aloltke. for Hamburg.
LONDON — Arrived Sept 29 — Stmr Philadei
phian. from Boston. %
Sailed Seat 29 — Stmr Menomlne*. for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Seat 29 — Btxnr Aura
nla, from New York.
Sailed Sept 29 — Stmr Roman, from Portland.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Main,
from Boston.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sei>t 23— Stmr Ma
estic, from Liverpool, for New York.
atOlfgdB-a -M CSI. ,(O HT HT HTHTHT
'The testimony of Lydla H. Morrow
was substantially the same as * Mrs.
Kibbe's. The depositions of other mem
bers of the association will be taken
later.
Mrs. Mate C. Caxtwright was asked If she
had written ' the lettar and she refused to
answer. Mrs. Foster acknowledged that ahe
had caused the telegram to be sent.
An Investigating committee, composed of
Mrs. Falrbrother, Laura Plnney and Minora
E. Kibbe, was appointed to probe Into the
affair. Mrs. Foster and Mrs. Cartwright were
asked to appear before the investigating body
and tttaar themselves. They refused to do so.
The Investigation proceeded and a report was
cent to the executive committee, as It was
within their power to mete out punishment.
O_-_ November 9. at a meeting of the execu
tive committee, a motion was made by one
of the members to dismiss the woman from
tho organization. It was carried. A vote was
taken in which twelve of the fourteen votes
were l^r the dismissal of tho accused woman.
Some tim* after that Mrs. E. M. North
made S, plea before the club for a new trial,
saying that all the members of th» club
should vote on the question of dismissing the
woman. Mrs. North was Informed that the
casa bad been decided according to the by
laws of the association and the case would
not be reopened, as they did not care to have
the affair become public.
The fight of Mrs. Marion B. Foster
agairist the Women's Press Association
is on fn earnest. Depositions of Minora
E. Kibbe and Lydla H. Morrow were
taken yesterday morning in the law
offices of Hess & Harris. The women
and many other members of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association are
defendants in a suit for damazes.
brought against them by Marion B.
Foster, a former member of the asso
ciation, who charges the defendants
with conspiracy in having dismissed
her from the association without sriv
lng her a fair trial, thereby injuring her
reputation. Minora E. Kibbe said:
In 1903 Mrs. Foster went to the International
League of Press Clubs' Convention in Atlantlo
City. She was an alternate delegate. Mrs.
Abble Kreba went as a regular delegate.
During the session Mrs. Foster was elected
a 'member of the executive committee. When
tho delegates returned home It was learned
that a letter had been sent to Atlantlo City
bearing the official seal of the local associa
tion, suggesting the name of Mrs. Foster as
the woman to be elected on the executive com
mittee, as she was the one whom the asso
ciation wanted elected. Later a telegram was
sent congratulating ths organization on its se
lection. >
Dramatic and sensational was the In
cident ¦which interrupted the proceed
ings in Judge Coffey's court yesterday
morning when Frederick P. Anthes
called down curses upon the head of
the sister of his dead wife, who is ths
custodian of his only daughter.
Half rising from the witness chair,
his face dark with anger and shaking
a clenched flst at Jessie L. Rothennel,
he shouted: "I pray to God. that the
eouls of my dead boy and his mother
will curse your lying carcass until the
day of your death."
"That's enough," Interposed Judgo
Coffey. "I have a notion to fine you."
"All right. I'll pay the fine," Baid
Anthes, "but I am only human. I could
not help it"
"It ends this case." said th» court.
"Any man who would give expression
to such sentiments or use such lan
guage as you have used is not a proper
person to have the custody of a child."
Frederick Anthes is a coffee and spice
•dealer and a professional musician.
TVhen his wife died tys son, Phillip,
and daughter, Jessie, were given into
the custody of their aunt. Miss Rother
mel. Anthes married again. The son
died and the father wanted the girl to
come to live with him and filed a peti
tion In court to accomplish that end.
Miss Rothennel resisted and the child,
now 16 years old, expressed a desire to
stay with the aunt, saying that she no
longer visited her father because he
Ignored her. Anthes was beingr exam
ined and stated that under a great an
guish and humiliation he had told the
daughter that ho never wanted to see
her again.
• "It was all on account of that
'woman," ho said; referring to Miss
Rothennel. '"My boy was dead for a
day at Her. house and I was not even
told that he had been sick and I knew
nothing of his case until I was sent for
to take his dead body. away. At the*
funeral my- daughter would not ride in
my carriage."
Miss Rothermel has been paid $25 a
month for t'Ae care of the girl. She
said that the child was happy and is
attending the Lick School. She de
clared that Anthes is a man of violent
temper and has abused his daughter
with harsh wjjrds. Judge Coffey de
cided not to disturb the custody of the
girl for the present, but expressed a
desire to talk to the child privately to
find if there Is a chance for more
friendly relations with her father.
Mrs. Cartwright Accused of
Writing Letter Without
Authority *of the Club
Child Is Satisfied to Ee
main With Aunt, Who Is
Victim of Father's Hate
M0EE EVIDENCE COMING
JUDGE STOPS OUTBUEST
Say Members Expelled From
Press Association Were
Using Unfair Methods
•F. P. Anthes Creates Scene
in Court by Denouncing
Custodian of -Daughter
CURSES SISTER
OF DEAD WIFE
WOMEN WRITERS
SCORE ELECTION
Mary " C. • Ryan (owner) with Thomas 7.
Mitchell (contractor), architect — Lumber,
carpenter, concrete, brick, mill, plastering,
plumbing, tinning-, stair, glass, hardware, tiling:
picture mold, for a two-story frame building
(two. flats) on N line of Hickory avenue, 169
W of Octavla, W 21 by N 45; $2050. '
C. M. ¦ Volkman (owner) with City Btreet
Improvement Company (contractors), architect
Charles Part — Construction of foundation for a
four- story brick building on N line of Jack
son street. 00 W of Sansome, W 70 by N- 60;
$3290. :
M. M. Regensburger (owner) with O. C.
Sweeney (contractor), architect Edgar A.
Mathews — Plumbing and gaa work for four
two-story and basement frame buildings on SE
corner of Union and Broderlck streets, E 137:6
by 3 137:0; $3200.
Alexander J.. Alleen F/*. Barah A. and Jo
hanna P. Keefe (owners) with George Peterson
(contractor), architect B. E. Bemmcl — All work
for a seven-room frame residence on NE cor
ner of Mariposa and Connecticut streets, E
100 byN 60; $3305.
Joseph Escallo and Pierre A. AUenand
(owners) with Frank & Arthur Elvln (con
tractors). architect — All work for a two
story frame building (flats) on the B line of
Bhotwell street. 150 N of Sixteenth: $4600.
Otto Fleissner (owner) with Burton C. Allyn
(contractor), architect Frederick D. Boese —
Carpenter, tinning, . plastering, excavation,
concrete and brick work and plumbing for a
two-story frame building on the N line of
Vallejo street 237:6 W of Pierce, W 37:6 by
N 137:6, Western Addition block 420; $8555.
¦ Henry J. A. Mau (owner) with William
Tegeler (contractor), architect* Martens &
Coffey — Excavation, concrete, brick, carpenter,
mill, stair, electrical work, lathing and plas
tering for two three-story frame buildings (6
flats) on lot on E line ot Guerrero Btreet.
270:8-8 of Seventeenth. S 40 by B 86:0;
$9700. "
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (con
tractor), architects same — Sewering, gaa fit
ting and plumbing for same, on same; $1250.
J. J. Stayart (owner) with E. J. Bailey (con
tractor), architect — All. work for a two
story and basement building on SE line of
London street. 150 SW of Persia. SW 25 by
100; Excelsior Homestead; $2200.
100 S of Carl.' S 25. 'e 125. N 12:6, W 25, N |
12:6. W 100, quitclaim deed: $5. •
Same to same, lot on B line of Bnrader
street. 50 S of Carl. S 25 by E 100, quitclaim
Same^'to same, lot on E Hn« of _ w " l! £ d
street. 150:24 S of Sullivan, 8 60:08, E U±2*.
N 50. W 77:37: SI.
Peter Deano Company (corporation) to Caro
line H. Balnbridge, lot on SW corner of Four
teenth and Valencia streets, S 130 by W 100;
536,000.
Louis and Mary O. Bartlett to Julian**":
ray, lot on SW line of Dore street, 205 NW of
Bryant, -NW 24 by SW 85; $10. .';. ¦
Thomas B. Lynch to Henry Martens, lot on
E lino of Mission street, 65 S of Twenty-first,
S 60 by E 122:6; $10.
Henry and Marie Martin to Emma Samson,
lot on E line of Dolores street, 35 N of Twen
ty-fifth, N 25 by E 100; $10. _ ' '.
George D. Saadburne to Dennis E. Sexton,
lot en N line of Elizabeth, street, 150 W of
Noe, ¦ W 25 6y N 114; $10. . „ .
Same to Daniel W. Sexton, lot on N line or
Elizabeth street. 125 W of Noe. W 25 by N
114; $10. ,
Louis and Anna Goldber* to John T. and
Bernardlna Vlegas, lot on E line of Diamond
Btreet, OS 3 of Twenty-fifth, S 23 by E 83; $10.
Ellon F Kenney to John J. I*. Thomas F.
S. and James J. Kenney, lot on E lino of Do »- u
lass street. 3S5 N of Seventeenth. N 37:7J4,
SB 73 degr. 25 mln. 27 sec, — 106:4, S 7:4%,
W 102; $10. ,
John J. L.. Thomas F. S. and James J.*
Douglaes street. 8C0 N of Seventeenth; N 23
Douglass cctreet, 3ttO N of Seventeenth, N 25
by E 102; $10.
C. F. Kempster. O. T. and Grace S. Moore
to S. I. Bloke, lot on E line of Prospect place,
83:3 S of Clay street, S 27:9 by E 56; $10.
McE~ en Bros, to George L Lamy, lot on
E Una of Tenth avenue. 138 S of California,
B 25 by E 120; $10. _„ _
John W. and Mary V. Ru«lea to Olla U
Nicoll, lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 100
S of CalUornla street. S 60 by E 120; '$10.
Jacob Schmidt to Ferdinand Holtum, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 125 3 of A etreet, S
25 by D 120; $10.
Maud M. Whelan (Smith), wife of W., to
Howard H. Salz. lot on E line of Forty-sixth
avenue. 75 8 of B street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Frank H. and Helen M. Willis to same, lot
on B line of Forty-sixth avenue, 225 S of B
street, S »5 by" E 120; also lot on E line of
Forty-fourth 'avenne 225 N of C street, N
85 by B 120; $10.
Bertha E. Ziegenfuss to Solomon Getx, lot
on W line of Forty-third avenue, 100 N ot O
street, N 100 by W 120; $10.
8. Hermann and N. D. Newman to Mary
Kelleher. lot on' W line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, 225 N of X street. N 60 by W 120; $10.
Mary A. Daley to George Ryan, lot on 8
line of Montcalm street, 180 E of Alabama
street. E 25 by S 100, lot 9. Harris map N«. 1,
Precita Valley lands. 200 to 210; $10.
Barah Doheney (Peterson) to Mary Shan
non (Peterson) lota 333 and S35, gift map
No 1; gift.
Luigl and Clotilda Ma*aaaloo (or M«»
nanego) to Joseph Imsand, lot on 8W line of
Worden avenue. 118:6 NW of Porter avenue,
NW 118:6 by SW 80. lot 12, block 18. West
End map No. 2; $10.
George A. and John T. Aabel to George H.
Roundey, lot on B line of San Bruno street,
150 8' of Wool«ey. S 25 by B 100. lot 8,. block
F Haley purchase; $10. 'A
Margaret Meehan to Alfonso Martin, lot
on W line of Shotwell street. 109 B of Ser
pentine avenue, S 27:6, W 80 der. 19 mln. —
108 N. 81 cleg. 23 min. — 27:5%. B 90:2^.
Precita Valley lands; $10.
L. C. Wynpken to F. C. Krogrer, lot on NW
lino of Mission street, 190:5 BW ot Valencia,
NE 51:5 by NW 100, Tiffany and Dean fraot;
$10.
- Builders' Contracts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO':' CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
12
FREE— — -FREE— — —FREE
TOBOGGAN : — -
„ ¦ • ' MAPLE r
-, — — — — — — SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
SyfVP FREE with Want Ads.
ui SUNDAY_ CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
¦ . ¦ ; . : Page.
BOOKS TO LET — Pnrn. and ITnfara._
THE Lirchmont, 361 Sutter— New brick bldg..
finely furnished; hot, cold watsr. steam heat,
privilege to baths; if 3 to ?0 week.
UNITED PTATES. 12S Eddy, near Market— 400
room; 3Sc to $1 right. *1 T5 to *C i week; elec-
I trie lights (no gas), running water In every
i room; clevatoa^rJad^om; free bus; baggage.
! VnXCHEUTER HoteL 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 7C0 rooms.
E5c to ?l 50 night; $2 to ?S week; elevator;
elee, lignts; readlng-roosi; free bus; baggage.
AS'CLF House, ccr. Sixth and Howard — Choice
fumL'hfd rcoms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
i C"I1 branch office, cor.Dunccn and Church sts.
! f ¦ " v =«
\ BOOMS AITD EOA^
i 6^TAvTaT^IU25, cor. Sacramento — Overlooking
Lafayette rquart:: comfortable rooms and
excelieat home beard.
GERMAN lady would like to beard child and
room for father. Box 2019. Call office.
GUERRERO, 114 — Very sunny rooms, wltn
b-ard; runnlrg water. '
I EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fura.
I sunny rooms; table board; reas. ; new manag.
HOWARD, 841 A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$0 wk. ; American family.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
I Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
j 807 Calif orcia— See rooms, learn prices, try table
SOOMS AKP BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By gentleman, furnished room and
bath, with board, or without. In private
family. Box 2009 Call office. '
HOOM-nENTTNQ ACrSBTCT.
HAVE you' any rooms to letT If you hare and
v.-ant them rented quick telephone to Clay
! me, or call at 117 Sutter ft.
AHD STAjBOEBKIWQ.^
MELBODRNE InstltuTeTvwTxess and Market, "
cures; estab. In 8. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
William Genneshansen. 23. Woodland, and
i Florence Bomber*. 20. 519 Bryant street.
William J. Delaney, S5, city, and Ella Her-
man, 35, city.
Andrea Baldetta. 45. Collinsville, and An-
geolina Bevaraua, 20, Collln«ville.
Francisco P. Rocha, 29. «5 Jackson street,
and Maria C. Joaquina, 20. 65 Jackson street.
John Lynch, 32, 505 Harrison street, and
Susan Gallagher. 27, 4110 Twenty- fifth street.
Manuel Vera, 2L Valleljo, and Lillian
Walker, 21. Vallejo.
Fred J. Reed. 26, 625 Davis street, and
Ethel Cronln. 19. 524 Pacific atreet.
_rest W.'Craetz. 21, 3026 Pierce street, and
Anna M. Zahander. 21. 3028 Pierce etreet.
Kennlth McLeod, S3, 643 Hyde etreet, and
Jessie A. Waechter, 23, 645 Hyde street.
William Phillips, 63, San Jose, and Cath-
erine L. Pearce, 38. San Jose.
Charles H. King, 27. 2122 Howard street,
and Mary Perry. 27. 2122 Howard street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEJ-TH8L •
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. .
BORX.
PRIES — September 29. 1004, to the wife of
Edw. C. Pries, a /laughter.
SNEATH— In San Bruno, . September 23. 1904.
to the wife of George R. Sneath. twin dm.
MARRIED.
CONNELLY — MUSSELL— In tbU city, Sep-
tember 28, 1904. by tho Rev. W. CL Pond.
John T. Connelly and Marie E. MusaelL both
of Modesto.
GOLDER— ROLPH— In Los Angeles. Septem-
ber 2ti, 1004. George Golder and Minnie A*
Itolph. both of this city. V
_____
Achilles, Leland F. Graves. Edward
Adams. Mark T. Haar. Anna
Artng. Capt. Stephen Huerne, L. K. P.
Bergen. Grace E. Kate, Frederick
Bowen, Ana Kenney. Thorn mm
Bray. Joseph L Maddca. John "
Brerlauer. Benjamin Moriarty, Jeremiah
Chandler. Adelaide O'Keefe. Catherine
Chesnut. Henrietta Pfaeffle, Henry C
Cone. Frederic E. Rohdenburg. N.
Cumming, Marion B. Russell. Robeft
Danielson, Eva I. Vannl. Natale
Davezies, Marie Van Tassel. William
Evans, Nanpie H. Von Peln. Hans H.
Freuler. Florence M. Walte. Frederick C
Fnese. Henry Wall. Margaret
Glunz. Elizabeth Ward. Patrick
ACHILLES — In this city, September 29, 1904,
Leland F.. dearly beloved son of Thomas F.
and Lenora, May Achilles, and brother of
Olive I Achilles, a native of Ean Fran-
cisco, axed 13 years 9 monthi and 12 flays.
ADAMS — In this city. c September 28, 1904,
Mark Terill Adarca, - husband of Grace
Adams, and father of Mrs. Lizzie Chlnn ar.d
Charles, Mark and Elmer Adams, a native
of Ergland, aged 61 years 2 months and 22
days (Virginia City, Nev., papers please
Ccpy.)
Zy Friends and acraalntaaces are respect-
fully invited to atter.d the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 p. m..°from the Masonlo
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the au:i>!ces of Occidental Lodge No.
22. F. and A. M. Please omit flowers.
ARING— In Alame'da, September 29, 1904,
Captain Stephen Arlnr, a native of Mlndon,
Prussia, ajred C7 years.
•DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services,'
Saturday. October 1, at 10:30 a. m .. at thti
parlors of Smiley &. Gallagher. 2325 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
BERGEX— In East • Oakland." September 29.
1904. at 1756 Ninth avenue. Grace Ethel,
beloved daughter of Benjamin C. and Flor-
ence M. Bersren. and sister of Leland R.
Bergen, a dative - of California, aged 10
years and 28 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), October 1. at 1 p. m.. from the
residence of her parents, 1756 Ninth avenue,
East Oakland.-
BOWEN— In this city, September 27. 1904,
Ann Bowen. beloved wife of William M.
Bowen. a native of Newport. R. S. O. Pem.,
Wales, aged CS years S months and 7 .days.
C~Friends are respectfully Invited to^at-
t*nd the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
11 a. m., from the funeral parlors of Bunker
_ Lunt. 2GG0 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third (Mission
Maronlc Temple). Interment 'Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ¦,•.","-:
BRAY— la Enid, Oklahoma, September 23,
1904, by lightning, Joseph I., beloved son of
Ira and Acnes Bray.aa, native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 14 years and 10 months.
BRESLAUER— In this city, EeDtember 28,
1004. Benjamin, beloved husband of Bertha
Breslauer, and father of Samuel and Israel
Breslauer, and brother of Mrs. Hanna
Label!, a native of Kempen, Germany, aged
(59 rears. »•
CryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. September 30, at 10 a. m., at his
late residence. 1852 Buchanan street. Inter-
ment H'.Ila of Eternity Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets depot
at ll:.;0 a. m. Please omit flowers.
I Officers* and members of Congregation
I Eherith Israel are hereby notified to attend
the 'funeral of our late member, Benjamin
Breslaucr, this (Friday) morning at lo
o'clock, from 1S52 Buchanan street.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
CHANDLER — In Harysville, Seotember 23,
l'JC4. Adelaide Chandler, dearly beloved wife
of Harry A. Chandler, and daughter of An-
drew and Mary Becher of Sparta. Ore., a
native of New York, aged 22 years 6 months
and 2 days.
C7Kriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 d. m.. at the parlors of Craig.
Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Polk and Larkln streets. Interment
! Holy Cro— Cemetery, by electric funeral car
j from Ktchteenth and Guerrero streets
1 CHESNUT— In Oakland. SeDtember 29, 1904.
at 1C56 Webster street. Henrietta Sarah,
widow of the late John A. Chesnut. and
mother of John A. Chesnut Jr.. VJctor K.
and Mary Etta Chesnut. a native of
Georgetown. Ohio, aged 75 years and 4
CO - NE ~ I . n . Berk £ ey ' September 28. 1904. at
his residence 2019 Delaware street. Frederic
E... beloved husband of Mary c. Cone and
father Df Bertha M.. Blanch M. and' Ida
L. Cone, a native of Illinois, aged 49 years
1 month and 13 days. y s
CUMMING— In this city. SeDtember 28. 1904.
Marion Bain Cummins:, widow of the late
George Cumming. and mother, of David?'
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallarher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER—
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South CO. :
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— ¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmers- — —
k '" Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. '
NOW at SB" MISSION. Tel South 167.'
' Between Fourth and Fifth, near ' Fifth st.
Finest ' EgulpmenU at Moderate Rates,
ALAMEDA ADVEIIT ? S ? MTS
__A3IEDA SEAXi ESTATE.
rriCE 51300 rtch— 2 nice 3-room cottages ad-
ju-r.-n- c-ach other on finely improved street.
close la i? F- 1 Jv-al and electric cars; high
hue— eot. Urse lot. sotxl location, near
Kbool ar.J Lus!r.ess center; tertas If desirc-U;
fr*it i ci£l l»uy.
ti "r MKunrr t-wolcott co..
X<2 Uroaiiw^y. Oaklatid. Cal.
A £NW I*arce let; 7 roo— s; fruit; flowers;
central. Qv.-ner. 21 Spear St.. S. F.
AUiarCDA 7U_I?ISHED HOUSES, i/
¦V\*il_. Icare to responsible people cnly. beauti-
ful hcrr.e of H vrell furnished rooms; large
RTOU__ Iruit trees, etab'.e ar.d carriace-
hjjse; — — r roa5&i:al)]e; water free. Vox
t:,H. Ca'.l office.
FRUITYALE, ADVTSMTS
rSTTZTVAXJS BJCAZi ESTATE.^ "¦
r3IAVlTa~lot"ij"xl4Grcentrri location. 10 rn!n-
ul-s- walk fro- local train. 1 block frcm
oa-. high Uld <lry; I can build you a 4-roorn
boesa for $100 «cmn. balance on ear/ terms.
v 1H26 Fruit vale ave..
Near rourteenth st.
FOU PALE— fCTSO: It cost $37.10; rents for ?20 j
pe* month: 2'cottaeref on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. |
Ea?t Oakland. _ i
OAKLAKD ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJD BEAIi ESTATE.
PRICE J140O KACH.
Two cottajres in East Oakland, adjoining
each ether; four rooms and bath each, hlrh |
ba*o_er.t: dose to electric cars and San Fran-
cisco local; Rood for the money; terms If de-
*'"***' PRICE 52330.
A beautiful cottaee on electric car line In
East Oakland: 5 room* and bath; hiKh base-
ment- all modern; large lot covered with fruit,
flowers and nice lawn. A bargain for the
I>rlCe * PRICE S6850.
An elrsr^nt new house on Webster St.; 7
rooms an* bsth. large reception hall, hardwood
!nla!J £*xir, l w « cfcina closets; fine In every j
ivy mi;-* U» seen to be aasreciated. j
' THE MKRRITT-WOLCOTT CO. j
0G2 UroaUway. • Oakland. Cal. j
LOOK THESE UP. |
r"'>r sal?— Two flats In elegant location; fine
lucomt property : a ireculne bargain; also lot.
in Mountain View Osn etery. 122 square feet |
Ptrtcg; perpetual care. Address box 1102, Cain
crflct. OakiandL |
*\C400— NEAT cottage; 8 rooms nnd bath: lot j
25x100: 1 block from Clinton Station. Eaat
Oakland. ArT'!y room 96. Chronicle building.
OA.~I.AIJD 7UH.A1TUUE POBJSAJ^^ j
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schelhaaa. 11th 61. cor. store. Oakland. I
San Franciseo Advertisem'ts
SOOMS POB HOUSEKEEPCTfO.
ALASKA, 2T — Furnished rooms for bousekeep-
in?. or rincle.
BRYANT, 421 — One large room for house-
keepins; gas.
TELL., 52S — Newly furnished bedroom, kitchen;
sink, bath and caa; hot water; $20.
rr.ANKLlN. IjIS— Sunny rooms with board;
home cooking: front hskpg suite; phone, bath. 1
GEARY. 122r> — Completely furnished sunny
mitm for housekeepinir; gas ranse; private I
tath; marine view; rent $20. Tel. Hyde 1505.
HOWARD, 622—2 suites housekeeping rooms;
p.: so i-:"-- 1 "-
JESSIE. C2.T — Tveo large nunny basement
moB:t : p^ate. sink, gas range, yard, 2 beds;
}4 wk. !
JE^SIU, 31'?.— Large, runny, front room, gas
rangf. water, cot; $3 50 v.-eek; ether rooms, j
JESSIE. 323 — 2 large runny basement rooms;
g-as and coal rar^e; $15 month: others.
KENJLVTOKTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room fur.r.y apartments; steam heat; cen loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sur.ny furnished 3-roorn . suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free l»aths; rates reas.
LAGI'NA. 1507. corner Geary — Elegant sunny
rooms: bath; phone; new; reasonable.
LIBERTY. .'.01 — Take Castro car; modern sun-
«>• un^urrifihed housekpg rooms; warm belt.
ICAXBELUS, 202 Grove, comer. Van Ness —
tunny fur. 3-n.cm Van Ness suite; pea, bath
McALLISTER. 1211 — Front room, bay-window;
privilepe liplit houseket pine; $12.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let: all locations.
Phca« day &06. or call 117 Sutter st. *
OAK. 407— Newly furnished: $1 per month to
r'.pht party: quiet, clean and bath.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to ,
$12: pas range; hot bath; adults.
POLK. C4T>— I*arlor fc'.ccve eultes; rmall kitch- j
«n; funr.y; bath, gas stove; phone; $1S, $20.
SANCHEZ. 50S. cor. ISth— Bay-window Bitting
rooir.. tlcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable. ;
fc-T. JAMES. McAllister nnd Laguna, near City j
Hail— A large comer suite; all complete for 1
bouae)— ejrfnc with ad]oining kitchen for $25; j
free gas= and bath; also other sunny suites;
reasonable.
STEVENSON. TS6. off 9th— Sonny bay-window
front j>ar;or», dinlns lwm, kitchen; reas.
VAN NESS ave., 1103. cor. Geary, fhone Hyde
JM6 — 2 beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations; reasonable
WAIAER, VI— 2 runny housekpg. rooms; fur- I
ni*hed cc— plete; $16; new house; grend vie— .
A BRANCH orfice of The CaJl for the recep-
U"n of advertisements and subscriptions has
V>e*-n opened at lf>CS Market sL. r<pposlte
F;fth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaJl Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church eta.
APARTBIEHT HOTJSES.
HAYi:s, 115— Modern apartments; gas range,
running water and pnone.
FT. LOUIS. 15T.'> Jccksca— Marine view; 3-4-*
rooms; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
aOQ— 5 TO I.ET— Pnrn. acfl TJalnrn.
A— BRUNSV.-ICK Kouse. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c tc $1 ]<r night. $1 25 to $j i>er week and !
light liOiiwfcecping rooms; open all night. 1
AT r~M Almonte. 1 ; S73 MarkeiTst. <or No. 1
Fifth Kt.) — Rooms. 2Sc. ZOc, $1, Jl 50 night;
tl Ui to $10 wr?ek; hcus-j cptn ail night. i
BSLMOXD House, over Or.l drug store, 2 en-
trances, 112« Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; rucn:ng -W_ter iti every room- 200
__ »oomt; 2.V: to 50c p<r night; $1 25 to $3 week.
FDBXISHKD rooms to let; all locations.
Phone clay 00G or call 117 Sutter St.
C HOC MS completely furnished; small payment'
dewn. CaJl at 647 Commercial Bt.
UI1AND Pcuthern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 rtabt; $1 &0 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
UOLDEN GATE eve., 525 — 1 nicely furnished !
eunny room; running water.
HOWARD. 713 — Lar^e sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JCNES, f23. near Bush — Sunny front alcove
room, cozy corner. $„•; also housekeeping
rooms, very sunny. $27.
LI3ERTY. 504. mar Castro — Modern, sunny
parlor floor; Lath; warm belt.
MARKET. 104» (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; hot. cold water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third et-lioo
?Ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day. !
$2 to in per week; the only cew and modern '
hotel and rooming-bouse in San Francisco I
that bas office on ground Ooor. hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In ever}' room ar.d gives free baths and ele-
vator cerrice day asd night to its guests.
MIXXA. 258— Furnished rooms.
PAGE. 1770 — 2 unfurnished rooms and bath.
PINE. 732— A eulte of two large, tunny, front
, room e. with bath; suitable for dressmaking
'or tailoring.
PINE, 1733. block from Van Xess — Nicely fur- '
nished room; bath; phone; running water;
reasonable.
POST. _S9 — Large furnished room; running
water: for 1 or 2 gents; references. •
ROTAL HOUSE.128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, tmoking-room and ladtes' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 00; week, S2
to $S; month, ?S to $30; elevator on ground ,
floor; rcoms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 145 — Eurny front room, suitable
for one or two rentlemen; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 710. near Sutter — A fine suit* ' or
one single room; bath; gentlemen preferred;
reasonable, ' -
><f w\ Trains leave sad are da*
ffpPlijZ| SAN FRANCISCO.
\^>^S~^V/ Fssst Depot ; ,»
I \2s£ W (Toot of Market Streets
L«i>T« - MAIN LINE. -ABmTs 1
7.C0A v»c»Yti;t\ Winter*. Kninsey.. 7 5QP
7.00a BenlcU, Elm'.raaml Snermun-nto.. 7.20f»
7.30a ValleJ*. Napa. lallstoe*. Santa
Hosa. Martinez. S.ta lUmoa R 20»
7-30a Nile*. Tracy. L»throp. S:ocJc-oa.... 720P
84J0ASb««t« Exprew— (Via DarU).
Williams (for nartlelt Spr!ng^>.
Willowi. tKruto. Ketl UlaS.
Portland. Tscotna. Se»ttlo 7E0»
I.C5A DaTls, Woodland. Kalchu Landing.
Mary»Tillc Chlco. OroTille 7-5Q»
1 4B A Port Costs. Martinez. Antioch,
Byron. Tracy. Stocktoo. New-
man. Lo§ Banos. M e n d o : ¦«.
Armona. llaatord. Visa Ma.
rorterrflle 4.20*
BJHjATort Co«a. Modc»to. Merced.
Fresno, Oosaen Janctlon, Haa-
ford. Vl«slt*. naSer»neM 4 50»
t^OA Nllea, Ban Jose. IJTerm ore. Stock-
ton, (t Mil too), lone. Sacrmneatow
MarysTllle. Chlco. Bad n'.uS .... 4.20*
8 JOA OsSdare. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnolutnne and Ancels * -Z 2 p
» 00a Atlantic Express— OgdsaandBw. 6-20*
8.30a Richmond, Martiaex and Way
! Stations 6.50*
10-OCATbe Overland Limited — Ojrden.
Omaha. Chicago, Uenver, Kansas
Cl»y. St. Loula .5SS*
10.00a Vallejo-; 1£20#
18.00a Los Annies Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Frein** Goshen Jane
tion. Ilanfnrd, Lemoore; VlsaUa,
Bakersfleld. Los Anuoles i'iS*
12.C0m Hayward. Nlles and Way 8tatl«as. 3.20»
11 .OOP Sacramento Klver Steamers™ til. 00*
S-30P Bentcta, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willow*. Knights
Landing. Marys rPla, Ororllle
and way stations '2-?2*
* .30s» Bay ward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.50*
4.C0P Morllnez.San Ramon. Yallejo,Napa,
Calls tog-s, Santa Itos— ?s3*
4.C0P Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. LodJ 4-23»»
4.3GP Hay ward. Nlles. UflnKton. Saa» t8-60A
Jose. Liver— ore ,.» 111.50a
¦¦CO* The Owl Wmtied— Newman, Los
-,- Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Talara,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles. 8-R0*
tB.SOp Hayward, Nlles and san Jose ...— 7.20*
6-OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Jese. 8.SQA
S-00P Eastern Express — Opdon. Omaha. ,
Chicaico, Denver. Kansas City, f
St. Louis, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12.E0*
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except duadsy.... I 7 Rna
7XCP Vallejo, Sunday only if * ou^
7J}0PUlchmond; 8*n Pablo, Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20A
7X0P Be— > Passenjer— Port Costa, Sal-
inn. Elmlra, Darts. Sacra— ento,
Trockee. Lake Tahoe. Beno.
Tonopan. Sparks 7-50*
•XSPPort Costa. Martin;*. Byron.
Tracy, Lftthrop. Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno an*
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12.28*
I-OSp Yosemlte Valley, Tla Berenda aad
W»wona 8.50a
8-05p Martinez, Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
I-O&P Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTlUe, Beddlag.
Portland, Pnget Sonnd and Bast. 3.50a
I.10p Hay ward, Nlles aad Sao Jose (Sao*
cayonly) 11.60%
COAST LINE <.isrr<.w Uaaje).
i <Voot >f Market Street.)
7.45a Santa Cr_sSxcarsion(Sunday only) 8-1 0*
6.16a Newark. Oenterrllle. San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. BI ;r Bails,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations... 6 55»
1D-15A AlTsrado. Newark, 8an Jose. Los
Gaios.Glenirood, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Cruz.... S.10»
t2-15P Newark. Centerrille. Saa Jon,
Kew Almaden. Lou Oatos.Feltcm,
Bonlder Crnek, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations 10-5SA
4.16p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatoa t3-55A
4.1BP Wright, Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Saturday and Sunday only. i8 53a
COAST LINE (UroaJ Ua« K e).
W~ (Tnlrd and Twmienit Streeta.)
6-10A San Jese and Way Station* 830i»
t7. 00a San Jose and W»y Stations 6.43P
' 7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
slon (Sunday only) 10.309
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frtd.. only), 4.1 3i»
8-00AThe Coaster— Saa Jose, Salinas,
Saa Ardo, Paso Hoblea. Santa
Margarita. Saa Luts Oblspo. Santa
Barbara. San Bnenarentara,
Montalvo, Oxnard, Burbank, Los
Angele* 13.43*
1.00a Otlroy. Uolllster. CastroTliie. Del
Monte, PaclQc Grove, Surf, Lora-
poc 10-43*
8.00a San Jote. Tres P1nos.WaUonvl!le.
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Pactfla
Grore, Salinas. S.to Luis Ubispo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 1.20»
11-3CA Santa Clara, gun Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Station* 7.30a
1-SCp San Jose and Way Stations 8 33a
tS-CCpDel Monte Kxpresa (except Sua*
day) — Santa Clara, fan Jose,
"Watsonvllle, Santa Cruz. Del
.Monte. Monterey. Pacific Grore. t12.19»
I40pBor!tat;aine. San Jo*e. Gllror. Hol-
lister. Tres Plnos.PaJaro. Watson-
TlUe, Capltola, Santa Crnz. Caa-
trovllle. Salinas, Pacific GrOTe... 10 454
4.30P San Jose and Way Stations t.. +» 00a
tS OOP Santa Clara. .Sun Jose, Los Gatoa,
Wright »nJ principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) t9-00*
|6-30p Ban Joseanti Principal Way Stations 53 43*
6 45p Sunset Expreas.— Krdwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sallnas.PasaUobles.
Saa Luis Oblspo, Santa Barhara,
Los Angeles. f>em!ng. El Paso.
New Orleans. New Tori 7 1flA
B.4SpP»J»ro, WatsonTtlle, Capltola, 1 .,''"
Santa Crni. CasUOTUle, DelViJOM*
Monte, Paciac Grore \ t10.4S»
t8-13P EanMateo.Beresford,B«lmont.Saa
Carles. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alta , t8.43*
8-S0p Ean Jose and Way stations. 633«
SOOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10 ISA
11. 30f» SoutuSaaFrancUco. MUlbrae, liar-
llngame. San >{ateo, Be:_onL
San Carlos, Bed^food, Fair Oaia,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 843ji
•11-30p Mayfleld, Moonuln View, Suany- ¦„-¦/¦>¦
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
. an Jo»e.. ».4»is
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. "*
t Sunday excepted. i Snnday oaly
« Satarday only. b Monday ealy.
1 Stops at ail mtfpii om tttaday. ?
CALIf ORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSE33
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
sax-wat coacPAirr.
Tibnron rerry. Foot of Market Street
SAW FBAZrCZSCO TO SAW HATATTIs.
WEEK DATS— 7:3a 8:00, 9:00^ 11:00 a. m.4
12:33. 2:30. 8:40. 3:10. 5:50. i:S0 aad lXiZH
p. in.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:80 p. nv
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. a.. 1:34,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:30. 11:30 p. m.
EA1T EATAE1 TO SAN 7~JL~CISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:03, 6:S0. 7:38. 7:80, »^0.
11:13 a. m.. 12:&d. t2:00. 3:40. B:CO. »:3X
8:23 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. xa.
EUNDAYS— G:50. 7:33 9:20, U:13 a. m.. 1:4S.
8:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:23. 7:30 p. m.
1 Except Saturdays.
Leave I In SSect I Arrive
San Fran. ( May 1. 1304. | Baa Fran.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- I Son- J Wee*'
Pays. I days. | tlon. fdaya. f Daya.
7:30a ~^ 7:43a 7:45 »
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a S:4O»
8-00 a 9:30 a Iraaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a>
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:2Opi
5:10 p 5:10 p 8:20 p 1:23 9
1 1 8:43 pt
7:30a 7:30a 7:43 a 7:43*
8 00 a 8:00 a Novata. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2'30p 9:30 a Petaluma 0:20 p 6:2t)p>
S-lOp 2:30p and 7:23p|7_3p
B:10p Santa Rosa 8:45 p
7-30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a[10:2O a
S:0Oa 8:00a Fultoa. 7:25pia:2Op>
2 :30 p 2:::0p 8:43 p{ 7:25 p
J Windsor.
7:30a 7:30 a Healdsbars, 10:20 a 10:30*
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:23 p 7:23 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:00 p| and.Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
j j • wuiits. 1 i
7:30 af 7:30 af Sherwood. ( 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:00 a! 8:0O a! GuernevIHe and 110:20 a[10:20 *
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. [ 8:-t3 p( g:20p
8:00 a! 8:00 a 8:4Oa 8:40a
5:10 p! 9:30 a Sonoma. •> /6:0Op 6:20 j>
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
7:30 al 7:30 a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| EebastopoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rota for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Sprinss: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon*.
ville ar.d Greenwood; at Hspland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprincs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
fcprings: at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprinss Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Laks. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's, Klveraide. LJerley**. Buckceirs^
Sanhedrin Heights. HuIlvlMe. - Orr # a Hot
SprtnRs. Halfway House. Comptshe. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Meudoclno City. Port Brasrr.
Wejtport. VTsal; 'at Wllllts for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwond. Cahto. Covelo Layton-
ville. Cnmraras, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsena,
Dyer, Garberville, Pepper— ood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»»
duced rates.
On Sundaj-a — Round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at ha!f rates.
Ticket Office. C30 Market street, Chroalda
buildin*;.
JAS. L. FHAZTER. R. „. RTA». "*
Gen. Manager. Gen. Faea. Axt. '
• — -
George M.. Joseoh M., Jean, Marlon and
Blanche Cum mln*. a native of Glasgow,
Scotland, aged 70 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to intend the funeral services
Saturday. October 1. at 1 p. m.. at her late
residence. 20 Fell street. Interment private.
Please emit flowers.
, DANIELSON— In tlits city. September 29.
1004. of dlDhtheria. Eva Irene. • bekived
daughter of C. T. and Emily L. Danielson.
and Bister of Isabelle H. Danielson. a native
I of San Francisco, aged 6 years and 9 months.
DAVEZIES— In this city, September 29, 1904,
Marie Davezies, beloved sister of Mrs.
Augustine Martin, and niece of Mr. and Mrs.
Jean Carroul. and cousin of»Mr. and Mrs.
N. Mottet. Mr. and Mrs. E. Koux and Mr.
and Mn.. J. Pellsson. a' native of Aubln,
¦ Aveyron, France, used ¦ 40 years.
CyFricnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 2. at 12:ao p. m.. from the parlora
of Julius S. Godeau. £10 Van N«ss avenue,
thence to French Church (Notre Dame des
Victoires) for services. Interment Holy
Crosp Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city. September 28, 1904.
Nannie H.. beloved wife of Evan C. Evans,
a native of San Francisco.
' tuT" Funeral services will be held at St.
Paul's Church at San Rafael. Saturday,
October 1, at 11 a. m. Interment private.
FREULER— In Colorado Springs, Colo.. Sep-
tember 25. 1U04. Florence M., beloved
daughter of John, and Amelia Freuler. and
sister of Clara, Arthur, Grace, Herbert,
Beatrice, Olivia, Alice and the late Ger-
trude Freuler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 11 months and 4 days.
(£~FrlcndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday atternoon. Seotember 30. at 2 p. m.,
at the residence of her parents, 2527 Ridge
road. Berkeley. Interment at Mountain
View Cemetery. San Francisco friends take
Euclid-avenue streetcars to Ridge road.
FRIESE— In this city, September 28. 1004,
Henry Friese, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Friese. and father of Henry Friese, a native
of Germany, azed 43 years. A member of
Progress Lodge No. 425, W. of the W.
C7Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 3 p. m., from his late resi-
dence, Colma. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
QLUNZ— In Oakland. September 29. 1904,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Christian Glunz,
and mother of John B., Albert and Charles
A. Glunz, Mrs. Anna Luhr and Mrs. Charles
Woodward, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years
and 7 months.
GRAVES— In this city. September 2S* 1004,
Edward Graves, a native of County water-
ford, Ireland, aged 48 years.'
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from the funeral par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mls-
6ion street, opposite new Postofflce. . Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAAR — In • Cazadero,' ¦ Sestember 27, 1904,
Anna, beloved wife of -Hermann Haar, and
*4»ter-in-law of Mrs. Anna C. Witt, a na-
tive of Germany, aged tj3 years 11 months
and 13 days. (New Ycrk papers 'please
copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral services
Sunday, October 2, at 2 p. m., at the German
Lutheran .Zion's Church, corner Twelfth and
Myrtle streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, 'v
HUERNE — An anniversary requiem high mass'
will bo celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at 'the
Church of Notra Dame dea Victolres, Bush
. street, below Stockton. Saturday, October 1,
1 commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend. -¦' - •
KATZ— In this city. September 28, 1904,
• Frederick,' dearly beloved and only son of
Ernestine ' and tha late Gcttlleb Katz. and
loving brother of Lana, Lizzie and Sophie
Katz, a native of San Francisco, asred 15
years 7 months and 4 .days.
_7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the* funeral Jo-* 5 **
(Friday), September 30, at 10:30 a. m ., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, betweeen Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KENNET— In this city. September 27, 1904.
Thomas, beloved husband of Katherine
Kenney, and loving father of Mrs. Harry
E. Fleming, Mrs. James H. Cain,. Mn.
Logan J. Waggoner and Thomas' E.. James
J., Mlltoa B. and Raymond P. Kenney, and
grandfather of Grace Fleming and Florence
Cain, a native of Hazelwood, Minn., aged
52 years 4 months and 14 days.
MADDEN— In this city. September 28. 1004.
John, dearly beloved son of John and Lizzie
Madden, and brother of Mary B. Madden,
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 3
months and 28 days.
• E~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m.. from tha residence of
his parents, 217 Collingwood street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORIARTY— In this city. September 23, 1004.
Jeremiah, beloved husband of the late
Mary Moriarty, and father of John. Daniel
and Frank Moriarty. Mr* O. C. Reed
and the late James Moriarty. and brother
rs of James Moriarty and Mrs. John Fit s:-
' gerald, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 49 years. • -. .
(E^FriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Friday), at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7(57 Mission etreet,
0 thence to St. Patrick's Church, where . a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE — In this city, September 27;- 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of John O'Keefe,
and idolized mother of Thomas B. t Mary
and, Nellie O'Keefe. a native of County
Louth. Ireland, aged (SI years. (Cheyenno
and Chicago papers please copy.) O
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). September 30. at 8:30 a. m., from
her late residence, 215 Twelfth street, thence
to St. Jtfueph's Church, where r.a. .solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rer'c-t; of her soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FFAEFFLB— September 29. 1904, of diphtheria.
V Henry Carlton Pfaeffle, beloved infant '*on
of Henry G. and Alice M. Pfaeffle. aged 19
months. „ . t • j . •
ROHDENWRG— In this city. September 27,
1004. Nicholas Rohdenbnrg, a native of Ger-
many, ag.ed 44. yVaia 5 months and 13 days.
i RUSSELL — In Oakland. September 29, 1004,
; _ Robert Russell of Sydney, Australia, brother
' of John Russell. Highland Park, East Oak-
land, a catlve of Scotland, aged 66 years v
VANNI— In this city, September 28, 1904,
Natale Vannl. beloved husband of Ellen
Vannl. and beloved father of Mrs. D. J.
Brennan; John A. Vannl and Mrs. S. H.
Hook, a native of "Lucca, Italy, aged 78
years 9 months and 3 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are resppct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), September 30. at 8:30 a. m., from
his late residence. 142C/4 Pacific street,
thence to St. BrlKld's Church, where a sol-
- emu requiem hleh maes will be celebrated
• for the repose of hla- soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VAN TASSELL — In Tacoma. September 28.
1904. William Van Tassell. beloved husband
of Mra. M. Van Tassell. and son of Philip
and the late Mary Van Tassell. and brother
of Henry. George. Oliver and Robert Van
Tassell nnd Mrs. J. F. Watson, a native of
San Francisco.
VON PEIN— In this city. September 27. 1904.
Hans Henry von Peln, a native of Holsteln.
Germany, aged 74 years and 9 days.
-' CTfViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh . and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WALL— In this city. September 29. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late James
Wall, and mother of Mary. Barth and Ed-
ward Wall. Mrs. James Pollock. Mrs. Daniel
Graham, Mrs. M. Burns and the late Mrs.
Ellen Brodrlck. a native of the parish of
Kinvara, County Galway, Ireland, aged 92
years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 a. m.. from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. M. Burns. 128 Castro
street, thence to the Church of the ; Most
Holy Redeemer, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her eoul at
0:30 a,, m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WAITE— In this city. September ? :», 1004.
at 119V4 Leavenworth street, Frederick* C.
Walte, beloved husband of Jessie V.
Walte. and father of Fred W. Walte and
Mrs. David Coooer.. a native of Maine, aged
77 years 1 month and 7 days.
WARD— In this city, -September 28. < 1904,'
Patrick, beloved husband of Katherine
Ward, and father of John Thomas -.arid
Patrick Ward, Mra. P. O' Conner. Mrs. Mary
Hodso n, Mrs. Marcaret Evers, Mrs. Edna
Coulter and the late Mrs. Katherine Bushell,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aiced 60
years. (New York papers please copy.)
U-^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Friday), at 9 a. m.. from the parlors of
A. -W.. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Eighth
avenue, near Point Lobos. where a solemn
requiem hljch mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his asul; comrnenclnjr at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
>_?_K}5^f*i^_^^.
BrJhJ _/yr
P CALIFORNIA I
TO CHICACO j
I LEAVES M0SDAY3 and THURSDAYS f
S at f):.'»O a. m., throngrh in 3 days, |
fe with di_er and all trappings. 5 1
Other Santa 7a Trains 1
7:30 a. m.1 f{ _ Btockt on, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8. : 0Op^m*.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p.* m. for Stockton. *¦
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way,- Oakland. Cal. 27 South rirst St,
San Joee.
jp||jtgp£pg3p] To SAN RAFAEL,
Js^l&n^PfaH ROSS VATTFY
%*iSPrSA 1 fji^f^" \ y ffiSC JUfTT T \f A T T "C V
S5*.gy v fe'siey^js 3j^?!j 1'llL.L, VAL.L_Xj
|S™^ CAZADERO, Etc.
i jrffifer*£r''&£»w£_&%? \ via Sausalito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
630. 7:10, 7:45, 8:30. U:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20, 1:43, 3:15,
4:00 4:35. 5:15. 6:50. 6:25, 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 P. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
a- 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
am. 12:20 1:00. 1:45, 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. '6:50, 6:25, 7:15, 8:15. 9:00. 10:20 11:33
p. m- * ¦
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17,
7:00 7:35. S:15. 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a.~m..
12:05. 1:25, 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. -5:03. 6:40,- 6:13,
U-C5, 7:55 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal hrlidaya extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:03,
8:50 9. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. _.,
3-15 p m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:«
P " "^ THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a", m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc- • ¦
3:15 p. no daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc.
8:15 p tn. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
¦ , TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
' - Leave - T» Un*t\lt* ttnj ArrtTe
Ban Fraudico jfot if lUrkrt St. Ban Kranclsc*
Week Baa* _,fiSfe^ - **"' J_» ek
Dayi. days. Jgrn^fa **?*• -__?¦,
• 87307 «_£»3S§1 «:*5 r ' a:48 4
i 10:00a 2:05pMI:05*
ib:00 A 11:00a XljSsSJM/ 3:35 P 3:3B *
1:45 T 12;20 r '6:40 p .6:16 1
1-tir 1:45r >»{frJr G:13 r MO-.US 1
.."..".. «:3»r " 8:50 r .........
•VtogniTttyC". v T^a»>«l» U K3 Tal1«y.
¥iout 162S Maxkkt 9t. (North iihore Railroad!
omcu land aivsAUio Fkjult. Toot Marfcst S«.Chicago Board of Trade.
There was very fair trading on thet Bond
Exchange.' with a rontlnued advance ln • Pm»
cine 6tatos Tol. and Tel. to 9117 50. Other
fluctuations were narrow. The oil stocks were
dull. The Ccmstociu mining shares continued
rather more active than usual, but prices
showed no marked change. - -
Late assessments are: Mulholland Oil Com
pany* 2c. delinquent October 17; Kramer Con,
Oil Company. %c. delinquent October 20;
South Eureka Mining Company, 2c. October
24;' Standard Electric Company. 910. October
21. - ' ¦ " . •. • - .' ¦
The Imperial Oil Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 20 cents per shar*,
amounting to 920.000, payable October ft. <
The Thirty-Three Oil Company has. declared
• regular . monthly dividend of 10 cents per
¦hare, amounting- to 910,000, payabl* October
eth...' •¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ •••-¦¦ r ¦- ¦. t
¦' The Pacific Coast ¦ Borax . Company paid *
Local and Mining Shares Both
Fairly Active.
Exchange and Bullion.
Continental Exchange on London was lower.
. LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daya... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86M
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight.. — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 03
Silver, per ounce • — 67%
Mexican Dollars ...... ••••••• .... — 4C
INTERNATIONAL.
New Yprk on Mexico.. 216
Berlin on London .20.3914
Paris on London..' ¦ .25.17%
Wheat and ; Other Grains. ¦
WHEAT — Paris and Liverpool futures were
higher.' Chicago was' 94c lower on the day.
with narrower . fluctuations and less excite
ment. That market has' been quieter and
more settled . during the past day or ¦ two,
Tbm Northwest were sellers. Brokers' wirei
said -that the selling was now better than the
buying and that a recession was expected bj
LOCAL MARKETS.
Butter shows no further change, ruling
steady at the decline already mentioned, with
a quiet and featureless market. Cheese con
tinues to improve in firmness, as receipts are
running " much smaller than they_ did ¦ some
time ago. and most dealers are quoting an
advance. Some dealers are almost wholly
cleaned out of ¦ stock, and only three or
four houses are how liberally supplied. The
falling off ln receipts is attributed to de
creased production, as many of the Cheese
producers have lately turned their attention
to Butter making.
Eggs exhibit no - further decline, and are
ruling rather steady than otherwise, • though
trade In ranch descriptions continues quiet.
Receipts were 35.300 lbs Butter. "94 cases
Eggs and 4500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2Sc
for extras and ¦ 26®27c for firsts; dairy. 2 10
24c- cold storage. 24c; store Butter, 17@2Oc;
Eastern creamery. 21%@23c; Eastern ladle
packed. lfi@17c per lb; Utah squares, 28c.
CHEESE — 10®llc . for choice mild new and
8%@0c for lower grades; Young Americans,
ll@ll%c; Oregon, 9@10%c; Eastern. 10@13c
EGGS— Ranch. 39o for*" large white se
lected 37%©3Sc for choice and 35@3tic for
common; cold storage, 27% ®30c; store, nom- ]
Inal- Es stern. 23@2Sc for firsts. 21®23c for
seconds and 20@21c for bakers'. •
• . . i • .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local' trade ln the fruit market continued
active under the stimulus of the warm sunny
weather but there was very little, movement
In shipping channels, all $ xport orders hav
ing been filled on the preceding day. Receipts
of most descriptions, while light, ¦ were well
up to requirements and prices had but slight
Notable change. Sound lots of table and
Wine Grapes continued to move off well,
while rain-soaked '¦ lots were hard . to - dispose
of although offered at easy prices. Water
melons were firm and active, but other Mel
ons were weak, as offerings were of poor qual
ity The market for Apples and Pears was
reported steady, with trade active, particu
larly fancy offerings. . The other tree]
fruits were generally steady. : Early arrivals '
of Berries sold off well at good prices. There;
was no change ln Citrus or Tropical fruits. !
STRAWBERRIES— 92 50@4 per chest for th*
larce varieties and for Cheney Berries
RASPBERRIES— 9407 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— seiOc per lb.-"
rRAK BERRIES— 92 00«r2 75 per box for
Coosl&y and 9S 250S 50 for Cape Cod*
APPLES— f 1 35@1 60 for extra fancy. 910
1 25 ¦ for ordinary fancy and 40000c for com -
BaVtletts. 91 2501 75 per box; Win
ter Nellis. 91©1 25: otker winter varieties, 33
@75c.-- ; * -¦' . ••¦-•••-•.::•. -; '" -.'."¦•¦ ¦.¦¦¦.
PEACH3»--4«©T5e ' p«r b«K. . -
.: PLCMS— «0©75c per box.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
'Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 5Ts 7 8
Closing 7 6% 7 8*4
PARIS. *-
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 24 05 25 30
Closing 24 10 25 40
F10UI- — /
Opening ,... 31 70 33 05
Closing 31 70 33 15
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 29.— The fifth aeries of the
1004 auction sales closed to-day. When the
sales opened bidding was active and most
descriptions ruled unchanged from the July
closing. Later the firmness increased and
often advances of 5 per -cent were noted.
Greased scoured sold well. Medium and heavy
greasles, which at first were rather weaker.
Improved. Inferior and faulty scoureds were
irregular' and hard to sell. The demand for
crossbreds was very strong throughout. Coarse
sold firmly at unchanged rates and medium
and scoured advanced 5 per cent. Good greasy
combing from Cape of Good Hope commanded
%@%d advance. The sales closed at the best
prices. The market is practically clear of old
stocks. During the series 50,000 bales were
taken by home buyers, 3000 for the Continent,
40.00Q for America and 3000 were held over.
The offerings to-day amounted to 8551 bales.
Superior sllpes sold at l@l%d above the July
average. Good greasy half-breds were ln ac
tive request for America.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 29.— WOOL— Steady to
firm; Territory and Western mediums, 21@22c;
fine medium, 15@18c; fine, 10@16c.
Northern Wheat Market.
¦ ' OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 29.— WHEAT— For ex
port: Walla Walls, 80@81%o; bluestem. 85c;,
valley, 66c. For Eastern markets: Walla I
Walla. 84c; t**-*™^^;
TACOMA, Sept. 29.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 86c; club. 82c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Sept. 20.— Clearings, 9732,577;
balances, 9194.084. :•-¦"'.'¦'
TACOMA. Sept. 29.— Clearings, 9419,733;
balances, 938,fc98. M _
PORTLAND, Sept. 29.— hearings. 9769.815;
balances. 91H.08C.
SPOKANE. Sept. 29.— Clearings. 9414,294;
balances, 92S.4S4.
Two mor« cars of Western Poultry were at
hand, making six for the week, but only one
was marketed. Receipts of domestic stock
were about 100 coops, and the market con
tinued steady for larsre Hens. Youns Chick
ens continued very dull, with supplies accum
ulating, and Fryers. Broilers and young
Roosters were quoted lower. Game of good
quality m«t with prompt sale.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, old, 14@l5c per
lb for Gobblers and KxSlUo for Hens; yoqng
Turkeys. 20@23o per lb; Geese, per pair. .91 50
©1 75; Goslings, 91 73@2; Ducks. 94 50@5 per
dozen for old and $5@6 for young; Hens. 94 50
®5 for small and 95 50<g6 for large; young
Roosters, 94 50(85: old Roosters. 94 50^5; Fry
ers. 93 60@4; Broilers, ?2 50@3; Pigeons,
91 25 per dozen for old and 91 50<iJ2 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, 75c@?l per dozen:
Hare, 91 25@1 50 per dozen; Rabbits, 92 per
dozen for Cottontails and 91 50 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Sept 23.— The stock market
»as BUb>ecte3 ae&in to-day to very heavy
rea'.iri&g and prices are lower as a conse
quence, but it must ctill be said that the r-
«.:.z : c was well taken and the fall ln prices
was by no nifacis precipitate. The movement
was not accounted for by any news develop
ments either to induce Felling or to cause ad
vances in the Tew evocks that showed strength.
The etrong f tocks> were believed to be supported
to help the r»-£.l!s!ng ln the general market.
The operatic ns wert alleged to be almost whol
ly in the hands of prefeFtionals or of that
r'.&ss of wealthy speculators who make oc
casions! campaigns in f^curities with the use
cf professional method*. The coalers furnished
i/w princlps.1 support for the market, although
the August eerr.ir.g* of the anthracite carriers
proved very unfavorable, compared with the
ehowtag cf some other railroads. This was a
fair examylp of the disregard of news which
cc&racterl2ed the movement. In spite cf ma
terial retrenchment in the expense account
for both the railroad and coal companies.
Reading's net *arr.!nrs fcr August fell $2t8.500
below tho^e for August of last year and those
at Erie decr*-«Fed'9.'9.2C6. Ontario and West
ern had effected sufficient economies to ae to
inereai«e Its AutruFt not <>?.rninps a small mar
gin. Yesterday till? stock was the exception to
show weakness in the group. It wu hurt by
further consideration of the plan-by which the
dividend is made conditional on a 912,000,000
bond Issue. Heading, on the other hanfl, was
the mainetay cf the market, and was bid up
strain and acain, with rallying on the declines
caused by the pruflt-taking. The high priced
coalers were conspicuous. Leckawanca selling
vp to SOO on bidding for 100-chare lots. Stocks
which have been the leaders of the recent ad
vence were freely sold to-day. This
was especially true of United Etates Bteel
preferred. The advance ln this etock has aroused
skepticism owing to the lack cf news to ac
count tor it. end when It was perceived that
recent buyers were realising to-day, the pres
sure to sell bore hesvily upon it. The sharp
reaction in Northern Securities on the curb was
the Eicnal for a decline in Union Pacific and
'attracted suspicion of a manipulative source
ior the Buir.t-roiis rumors ln circulation of
late cf a cotr.rroir.iae In the Northern Secu
rities case. The grangers and Pacifies sym
pathized with the heaviness of Union Pacific,
and even Ft. Paul, which was lifted a point,
lost it again. Weakness in some of the Van
derbilte. :n view of a cession of the New York
Central director*, caused a bad Impression.
Price* touched th« low ievel In the final hour
and made an irregular rally. The weather
map Indicated safety for the. crops, and money
was uncharged, in rpite of the withdrawal cf
ever 95.OO0,O0<> by the sub-treamry thus far
this week. Eteriin? exrhange broke to the
lowest of the t»a*«,n and foreign markets re
ported proepocts or eari*r money conditions
Bonds were ea?y. Total palm, par value
94.S30.oO0. United Etates bends were un
changed on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
R. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street,
Fan Francisco, members or the New York
gtuck Exchange, fumieh the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
tales. Storks— !High;Low.1 Bid. 1 1 Ask.
Adams Express »23<> Ijso
L2.70O ; Atr.alK Copper.. 68*4 58 68 I 68 K
jAra Can Co 514 ¦, .,*
IOO: Do pfd 46 46 4fl 47*
COOjAm Car A F 23U 22 'L 'Siu, 23%
400 Do pfd Slfc, fci£ m" £j?
1,500 Am Cotton Oil.. 23% 2S?4 28% 23
I Do pfd »ok D2u
.., Am Dirt Tel 23 25"
..-.i..Um Ex 205 210 !
100, Am Grata T Co. 6 6 0% 0
.200 Am Hide & L.. 4% 4% 4U <*;
: 2«o! Do pfd 19^ Vtu, iu£ X l»Vi
.MiOO'Am Ice 8U 7% 7% b n
CeCO Do pfd S3% 83 33U S314
. SOOiATn Linseed 11% 11% nu u£
I Do pfd 30 35
- eoOAm Locomotive. 25% 25% 2T.% 25?i
... Do pfd »5U »6
100'Atn Malt 4% 4U 4 44
2.200 Do pfd 21 20% 20% 20 4i
2.fc00]Am S & R Co.. <VJ!« 66% 66% 6<T%
1,000] Do Pfd 110 109*; 109&i 1095.4
....... Am Sugar 1S2% 18114 121»4 131 u,
j Do Pfd 132 135
lOOlAtn Tel A T Co. 140% 140% 140% 141
lOOiAra Tob pfd ... 144^ 144% 143% 146
......Urn Woolen 13% 13%
M 1 Do pfd I:.... WJ6 8I14
New York Stock Market.
Miscellaneous Markets.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2y. — Close: Money on
call, firm; I\di2 j*r c<rnt; closing bid. 1%
Der cent; offered at 2 per cent. Time loans,
firm; sixty days, 3 per cent; ninety days. 3%
j>er cent; tix months, 3% per cent.
Prime mercantile ra.per. 4^55 per cent.
Sterling exch&Rce, weak, then firmer, with
actual business in bankers' bills at 94.8555®
4.6&60 for demand and at 94.t£3O£4.b34O for
sixty-day bills.
Posted rate*. 94 84% and 94 SSUig* 87.
Commf-rcial bills. »4 62%£4 63%.
Bar stiver, 57\c.
Mexican dollars. 45 %c.
Government bonfis, steady; railroad bonds,
easy.
New York Money Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@91 25 per
sack or crate: String and' Wax Beans 2%@4c
per lb: lima Beans, 8@3%e per lb: Tomatoes,20
©50c per box; Summer Squash, 75c per box;
Cabbage. 75c per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 40050c per box; Pickle Cucum
bers, 50c@91 25 per box; Garlic, 4%c per lb:
Egg Plant, 40@5Oc per box: Dried Peppers."
nominal; Green Okra, 35i@50c per box; Green
Peppers, 50*8 COc per box; Marrowfat Squash,
915 per ton.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 65®
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, 91 10® 1 33 per
ctl; Early Rose, nominal: Garnet Chiles. 75®
85c: Sweet Potatoes, $1 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— 91<@1 20 per ctl.
Potatoes were firm during the early trade,
as the principal river boat was late and sup
plies of fresh stock were rather light, but
the market weakened upon the arrival of the
belated river boat, which brought a heavy
cargo. Prices of river Burbanks were un
changed, however, but the too quotation for
Salinas was shaded. A carload of Sweets was
marketed and met with prompt sale at an ad
vance. Onions were quiet and unchanged. Re
ceipts of most kinds of Vegetables were lib
eral, and the market was weak for every
thing except Summer Squash and Garlic.
Receipts cf Tomatoes Included much poor
stock and prices ranged lower. The canners
were taking occasional lots at tha inside quo
tattions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EASTERN 3TABKETS. j
The market for Beans continues in a condi
tion of suspense, with quotations largely nom
inal.
BEANS— Bayos. 92 15@2 50; Pea. 92 75@3;
Butters. 92 75@3; small White 92 50@2 90;
large White. 92 15@2 40; Pink, 92 25@2 00;
Red. 93 75@4; Lima 93 70@4; Red Kidneys,
94@4 25; Blackeyes. 92 25®2 40 per ctl; Horse
Beans. 91 85@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 93 25: Flax. 91 90@2 25; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15c: Rape. 1%@2%c: Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%©3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. 92O@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles 92@2 25; new Green
Peas. 92@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and' Seeds.
600] Do pfd I 46 I 45 I 45 I 45%
[Southern P pfd..|ll5%|ll6%(ll594|115%
784,100 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg... 104% | Hocking Val 4%s.lOS%
Do coupon 105% LAN unified' 4s. 101
Do 3s. reg 105S Man con gold 4s. .107%
Do coupon 105% Mexican Cent 4s. 68%
Do new 4s. reg.l31<fe Do 1st lnc 16%
Do coupon 131% Mian & fit L 4s.. 94
.Do old 4s. reg. .106% M, K & T 4s 100%
Do coupon 107% NRR of M con 4s. 77%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103", NYC gen 3%s..lOO
Do adj 4s 90% N J C gen 5s 134
Atlantic C L4s.. 98% Nor Pacific 4s... 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103% Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 04% N & W con 4s. ..102
Central of Ga 6s. 111% OSL 4a and partlc. 99%
Do 1st lnc 88 Penn conv 3%s... 99%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5 Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80% StL A IM con 6s. 117%
C. B A Q new 4s. 97% St L A S F fg 4s. 86%
C.M&StP gen 4s. 109V* St L S W lsts... 98%
C & N W ccn 7s. 130% S Air Line 4s 83
C R IAP RR 4s. 76% Sou Pacific 4s.... 93%
Do col 5s 86% South Ry 5s 117%
C.C.C4SL gen 4s.lO2 T & P lsts 120
Chi Terminal 4s.. 76 T. St L & W 4s. 80%
Con Tob 4s 73% Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & South 4s.. 86 Do conv 4s .105%
C F A I con 5s. 77 US Steel 2d 5s.. 82%
Den & R G 4a. ..100% Wabash lsts 118
Erie prior Hen 4s. 99 Do deb B 65%
Do gen 4s 67% W & L E 4s 90%
Ft W & D C lsts. 110 Wis Cent 4s 90%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 35 Ophir 2 30
Breece 15 Phoenix 16
Eruns wick Con....' 09 Potosl 16
Comstock Tunnel.. 10) Savage 31
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Sierra Nevada 33
Horn Silver 1 50 Small Hopes....... 28
Iron Silver .1 .so: Stan-lard 1 90
Leadvllle Con . 02|
Bostan Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 17%
Call loans 2%©3% Do pfd 71%
Time loans.. ..4 <B5 West'house Com.. 83
Bonds — Mining —
Atchleon adj 4s.. 95% Adventure :.. 3%
Do 4s 101%|Allouez 14
Mex Cent 4a 67 %| Amalgamated .... 58
Railroads— Am Zinc 11%
Atchison S2%| Atlantic 13
Do pfd 100 IBingham 26%
Boston & Albany. 248% Cal & Hecla.610%520 ,
Boston A Maine. 164 Centennial 26%
Boston Elevated.. 153 Copper Range.... 56%
Fitchburg pfd. ...137% Daly West 13%
Mexican Cent.... 13%| Dominion Coal.... 58%
N Y. N H A H.191% Franklin 8
Pere Marquette.. 74 Grancy 3 7-16
Union Pacific... 101% Isle Royale 20%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 4%
Am Arge Chem.. 15 | Michigan 6
Do pfd 76%|Mohawk 45
Am Pneu Tube... 4% Mont C A C 4%
Am Sugar 13l4s Old Dominion ... 17
Do pfd. 132 Osceola 80%
Am Tel A Tel... 140% Parrot 23%
Am Woolen 14 Qulncy 91
Do pfd 83 I Shannon 4 1-16
Dominion I & S.. 12%|Tamarack 115
Ed Elec Ilium 257% Trinity 7%
Gen Electric 171% U S Mining 20%
Mass Electric 11% U S Oil 11
Do pfd 56 Utah 40%
Mass Gas 42 Victoria ' 4
United Fruit 105% Winona 8%
United Shoe Mach 52 Wolverine 89
Do pfd f.0%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. 83 7-16|n Y Central 131
Do account... 83 7-16 Norfolk' A W 71%
Anaconda 4% Do pfd 92%
Atchison 65% Ontario & West.. 38%
Do pfd 103% Pennsylvania 6SU
Bait & Ohio 92% Rand Mines 10%
Canadian Pac 133*4 Reading 35%
Ches & Ohio 45% Do 1st pfd 44
Chi A G W 17% Do 2d pfd 39%
C.M & SP er-div.160% Southern Ry 34%
DeBeers 18% Do pfd ex-div.. 96%
Den & R G 30^ Southern Pacific. 5»
Do pfd 84% Union Pacific 104%
Erie 32% Do pfd 96
Do 1st pfd 6D«4!U S Steel 18%
Do 2d pfd 47V&I Do pfd 74%
Illinois Central... 143%| Wabash 22
Louis A Nash 130^1 Do pfd 43H
M K A T 25%!Spanlsh 4s 87%
Bar silver steady, 26%d per ounce. Money.
2@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short billa is 2% per cent, and for three
months' bills Is 2% i>er cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 29.— To-day'e state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the 9150.000,000 gold re
eerve ln the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, 9149,967,675; gold.
968.714,553.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— Cotton futures
opened firm; September, 10.32c; October,
10.37c; November, 10.39c; December, 10.60c;
January, 10.51c; February. 10.55c; March
10.61c; .April, 10.61c bid; May. 10.63c; June,
10.66c; August, 10.55c offered.
Futures closed steady; September, 10 14c •
October, 10.17c; November, 10.20c; December,
10.28c: January, 10.32c; February, 10.3t>c*
March, 10.41c; April, 10.42c; May, 10.45c.
Spot closed steady, 10 points decline; mid
dling uplands, 10.70c; middling Gulf. 10 85c
sales, 1109 bales. .
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22,700 barrels; exports, 6500 barrels- sales
10.200 packages; market was rather slow ln
early session, but good trade developed ln last
hour.
WHEAT — Receipts, 16,200 bushels; sales
4.800.000 bushels futures; spot easy No *» red
91 10% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 91 22% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options had an
Irregular movement during the forenoon guid
ed by purely speculative conditions, but after
midday became decidedly weak under a bear
raid, good Western weather and less active '
cash demand, closing %®\c net lower- sales ¦
include No. 2 red May, 9l 13%@1 14%: closed ¦
91 12%; September, 91 16%@1 17%; closed'
91 16%; December, 91 14%@l 16 3-16; closed'
91 14%.
HOPS— Firm. i
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady, unchanged,
to a decline of five points; salea were 63.750
bags, including October. 6.75c; November,
6.85c; December, 6.90@6.95c: March, 7 20c-
May, 7.35®7.40c; July. 7.50®7.55c; August,'
7.00c. Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice. SHc
mild. quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, S%o;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; motasses sugar,
3%c; refined quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet, with the tone showing the effect of the
weak situation as to future; common, 4@5%c
choice, 5%@6c. and fancy, 6%@7c.
PRUNES — Show a somewhat steadier tone at
about recent prices; spot quotations range
from 2c to 5%c, according to grade.
APR1COTB — Are ln better demand; choice,
9%'dlOc: extra choice, 10%@10%c.
PEACHES — Remain without quotable
change; choice, 8%@8%c; extra choice, S%@9c;
fancy, 8%@10c - . :<_ :
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29. — The London tin
market displayed a reactionary tendency after
the apparently speculative advance of the last
day or so, and spot was quoted at £127 5s and
futures at £127 16s. The local market re
sponded to the foreign tone, closing at 927 75®
27 92%.
The London copper market was a little
lower, closing at £58 for both spot and fu
tures. Locally quotations were without
change, lake standing at 912 75@13, casting
at 912 50@12 C2%.
Lead was unchanged at 94 20@4 25 In the
local market and' at £11 17s 6d ln London.
Spelter advanced slightly in London with
¦pot quoted at £22 7s 3d. Locally it was
unchanged at 95 10©5 20.
Iron closed at 50a 3d ln Glasgow and at 43s
ln Middlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet; No.
1 foundry Northern Is quoted at 913 T5@1J 25;
No. 2 foundry Northern. 913 25@13 50; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South
ern, soft, 913 50013 75.
Copper and lead— Steady; unchanged.
COFFEE — The Coffee market opened lower
to-day, 'wing to the lower cables from abroad.
Eavre lost % to % and Hamburg % to %•
There was ecme demand, but little oSerlng on
the decline here. Heavy buying was the fea
ture of tb«» afternoon tracing, and some Wa!l
etr*et people were credited with having sold
ralher heavily. News frcm abrcad was dis
appointing en the whole ani the market was
*.;together entirely In the banfls of the pro
fessional element.
The Giles Semi-Monthly Cotton Crop Esti
mate makes conditions 72.4. against 79 a
month aco- and ?¦J5.4 last year. This is con-
K:a*rfi moceraxelv bullish.
N«w York wires to E. F. Hutton & Co. yes
t*r4t*T eai4:
COTTON — Our market ep*rjed from 3 to 8
t r«lnts up. which was about the best of the
tay. Heavy b^ar pressure sent the market
cJT *r<tne 12 to 15 points. Receipts fairly lib
»rsi, but exports remained pood. We do not
b*'.ieve that the domestic spinners have been
!r. the market to any grtat extent. Local re
t *>rts from Arkansas, Tennessee and Texas
er* retarded as particularly significant, and
fcave led many to conclude that the prospects
c'. a large croa this season is particularly
poor. *arly or late frost. In short, the crop
;? a irystery that teems to defy unraveling
for the prescct.
Cotton and Coffee.
CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— CATTLB— Receipts,
13,000. including 200 Westerns; market steady
to lower; good to prime steers,.. 93 40^6 23;
poor to medium, ?3 9<Xg5 25; stackers and
'¦¦ feeders, ?2 25®4; cows, 91 25@4 60; heifers,
91 35*35 40; canners. *1 50®2 40; bulls, 92@4;
calves, |3@6 06; Texas fed steers, 94@5 50;
Western steers, 93© 4 80.
HOGS — Receipts, 20,000; to-morrow. 20.000;
market 10($15c lower; mixed and butchers',
$5 «O®« 05; good to choice heavy, 95 85@6;
rough heavy. $5 35@5 65; light, 93 65@6; bulk
of sales. 95 70@5 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, 30,000; market weaker;
market for lambs strong; good to choice weth
ers, 93 80@4 50; fair to choice mixed. 93 25®
4; Western sheep, $2 90®4 15; native lambs,
94 60<g6; Western Iambs, 94 25@5 65.
Omaha. .
OMAHA. Sept. 29. — CATTLE — Receipts,
5000: market 10c lower: native steers. M@6;
cows and heifers. 92 25@3 60; Western steers,
$2 9O®4 10; Texas steers. 92 65@3 60; cows
1 and heifers, 92 10®3 25; canners, 91 50@2;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@3 90; calves, 93@
5 23: bulls and stags. 91 76@3-
HOGS — Receipts, 580O; market 10c lower;
heavy, 95 55@5 65; mixed, 95 60<@5 70; light,
¦ »:. 7i»@5 80; pigs, 95@5 50; bulk of sales, 95 60
i @5 70.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000; market steady:
Western yearlings. 93 65<@4; wethers. 93«3 50;
ewes, j:i 4(«i,1 80; common and stackers, 92 25®
3 70; lambs, 94 4O©5.- tjri \*
Kansas City.
KANSAS' CITY. Sept. 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 8000; market steady: native steers, 93 75
©6; native cows and heifers, 91 50<@4 50:
stockers and feeders. 92 25@4; bulls, 91 75®
3 25; calves, $2 50@5 50; Western steers. 93@ :
4 23; Western cows. Jl 50®3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 4000; market lower: bulk
of sales. - 95 7505 83; heavy, 95 80@5 90:
packers. 95 75@5 90; pigs and lights, 95 65®
6 85. /
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000; market steady:
muttons. 93@3 80: Iambs, *4@5 25; range
wethers. 93 25@3 90; ewes. 92 75®3 40.
Chicago.
Receipts of Hay were free and Included 31
cars. The market remained as before quoted.
F«edstuffs were steady and unchanged.
BRAN— 920@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 924@28 per ton.
SHORTS— 920@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 923 50@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. 931 50932 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, 922@23: Corn
Meal. 930 50031 50; Cracked Corn. 931©32;
Mixed Feed. 922@22 50: Horse Beans, 930040
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. 93@13 50. with 914014 60 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat, 98@13; Oat, $S@12;
Baney and Oat 9S@11; Volunteer Wild Oat,
96 6O@9; stable, 97@8 50; stock. 93 5O@7;
Clover. $S<&10: Alfalfa, *9®12 per ton.
STRAW — 30@00e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
J CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
regular monthly dividend of 91 per shar* yes
terday.
The Giant Powder Company Consolluated
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 30c
per share October 10.
Th« Brunswick Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Grass Vall-y has levied on assessment
of 3c p«r share, delinquent November 3.
The shin Emily F. Whitney Company, a
California corporation, fc.1.1 levied an assess
ment of 923 per share, delinquent October 24,
STOCK AXD BpXD EXCHANGE.
THURS'-OT. Sept. 29—2 p. m.
UNITED ST.TES aIONDS.
Bid.Aik. Bid A«k.
<» qr coup.. 107 — 4« qr cp new. 131% 132 14
4j qr reg. . . ,10»J%10T Z» qr conp. . .103& —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s..ll9%120%
Assd Oil 5s. 70 — Do 5s Ill —
Bay CPC 5s. 101 102 Do con 5s. — —
Cal C G 8s. 102% -- Oceanic S 5s. — 67S
Cal G&E g ' Om Cable 6s. 124 —
ra & ct 5s. sm, 81% Pac G Im 4a. 95 Of.
Cal-st C 53.112% — P E Ry 59..108%10»*i
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P 4 C H 6s. 104 —
Ed L&P 6s. 121 123' P ft O R Bs.113%115%
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s. 80 — SacEGAR 5s. 99% —
H CAS 5%s. — — SF A SJV 5s. US*: —
Do 5? 101% — sierra Ry Cs.111% —
Hon R T 6s.lO7% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — 10* (1909) 10*% —
L A Ry 5s. 117 — (1010) 109 IC9%
LALCoCs— — SPofCW
Do gtd 6s. — — «90Ti)S»r A.103%l«U%
Do 5s 103%105 <19<l5)Sr B. — 107V,
LAP lem 5s. 104 105 (19O«5> 10«%107V»
Mkt-st C «s. 115 — (1912) 116%117
Do lem 5s. 113% — SPC 1 eg 5s. 117% —
. MV&MtT 5».1O5 — Do stmpd.in0%110
N R of C 6s.lO«% — S P B R 6s. 13.1 —
Do 5s 11» 119% S V Wat 6s. 104 —
N P C R 5s. 105 — Do 4s 2dm. 10O 10O%
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4a 3dm. PO —
N C P C 5s. — 99 Do gmtg 4s »S% 99
N S R R 5s. — ion Stkn G&E «s. 9T —
OGL&H Bs. — 110% U O * E 5s. 102% —
O W gtd 5s. — 100
WATER STOCK3.
Contra Costa — 37%; Pert Costa.. — —
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 38% 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 3% 4 fs F O A E. 62 C2*l
Mutual EL.— 12 Stkn G&E.— 5%
Pacific L Co 59 — | U O & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 Lon. P & A. 150 —
Anglo-Cal ..83 »O Mer Trust... 23O 240
Bank of Cal. 420 423 Merch Ex... 50 56%
Cal Safe Dp — 150 S F National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — Sav A L So. — 10O
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sar Bk. — 424
Mutual Sav,— 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav Un.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 200 [Presidio — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant 63% 64%!Yl*orlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62 — (MakaweM C. 29 —
Honokaa S C 15 15% Onomea S C. 27% 23
Hutch SPC 8% — Paauhau S P 13% 13*i
Kllauea S C — 4%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 126% — Oceanic 3 C. 2 2%
Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 84 84% Pac C Borax.I36 157%
MV&Mt Tm. 96 — I Pac S T A T. — 117%
• ' 10:30 a. m. session.
Board —
15 Cal. Wins Association 94 00
73 Hutchlnson 8. P. Co 10 CO
ICO Makawell 2S 25
100 Paauhau S. P. Co IS «2%
92,1100 Pacific Elec Ry 5s 1C3 SO
92.000 S. P. of Arizona (1910) ICO 50 ,
91.000 Spring Valley 6s 104 i"»
910.000 Gas & E Gen. M ACT. 5s 81 -a
, Street —
13 Bank of California 420 CO
1C0 Oceanic S. S. Co 2 ."<?
130 Pac. States Tel. A TeL Co 117 JO
20 Spring Valley Water Co 3S «:.»•,
91.C0O Pacific Elec. Ry Ss 103 5s>
12.C00 S. P. Cal. 1st con 5a (stamped). 109 S7%
910.C0O Oakland Tran. Co. 6s 120 CO •
2 p. m. session.
Beard —
10 Alaska Packers* Assn 127 CO
10 Giant Powder Con •>:: 73 |
40 Hutchlcson S. P. Co 10 CO
73 Makaweli "^ i-'i
100 Paauhan S. P. Co 13 *>2'i
20 Pacific Coast Borax 1M 00
10 Pac. States T. & T. Co 117 0O
Street —
25 Pac. States T. & T. Co 117 10
60 S. F. Gas & Electric 62 HO
Unlisted Securities.
:
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Btd.Ask! Eli. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 — I S P C Ry 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P Co 4%s.lOO»i —
Ca! N W 5s. — 113 Sun TAT 6s. 112% —
M C Wat 5«.10O — Do 5s 105% —
RUdn IW 5s — 105 I Sutter-st 5s. 101 —
8 F Drdk 3s — — I VR of SF 4s. S3 —
SF A NP fls. — — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 27 29 Lon S F Bk. 43 —
Am Biscuit. — 90 Mat Nav Co. — 00
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mills Ntl Ek. — —
Cal GAE Cor 47% 43% Nev Ntl Bk.lS5 —
Cal Jock C1.1I0 — N S R R 0% —
Cal Pdr Co.130 145 N C P C... 9 »%
Cal Siilp Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal T I A T — 133 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Can Bk Oak — 63 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Chutes Co... 4 6% Orpheum Co. — 13%
City A C Bk — 120 Pac C Cas..l25 —
Cyp Ln In. — 6% Pac Srty Co. 103 —
East Dynm. — 375 Paraf Paint.- 29 —
DuP Pdr Pfd 73 85 3 F Drydock. — 61 -
Do com... 30 — SFASJV Coal 17% 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — 8 J Water. ..103% —
Fischer Thtr 10c 40c SO ATgbt C.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — 21% Truckee El«o 12 13%
Hono P Co. 24 — UR InCo pfd 5* 57%
-Do (pool).. — 23 Do com.... 12 ¦-— rr;
11 a. m. session.
93S.0CO U. R. R- of S- **• ** 85 00 '
2:30 p. m. session.
94.000 U. R- R. of S. F. 4s 83 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 41
Associated Tract Cert 20 21
California Standard 14 15 ,
Cariboo • * 40 4 50
Claremont 5 80
Four »« BS
Giant 17
mnford ITS 0O ISA 00
Home 16O 1 «O
Imperial , *•• ••-; 18 0O
Independence 27 2*
Junction » ¦ 52 « '
Kern, old * «> * JO
Kern Riw *= *?
Lion • •• l
Occidental at W* Va W 10
Oil City Petroleum 60 33 :
Peerless 13 CO 14 00
Ptttstrorr •' £ ;¦•••
Re«d Crud* 150 1«
8t«rlla« — •— 2 50 3 00
TMrty-tbre* .-•• : f 25
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. 93 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, 93; Rye Meal, 92 75; Rice Flour,
97; Corn Meal 92 60; extra cream do, 93 60;
Oat Meal. 93" 75; Oat Groats. 94; Hominy.
93 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, 94; Cracked
Wheat. 93 60: Farina, 93 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, 93 50; Rolled Oats bbls. 96 50@7 50; in
sacks. 94 25; Pearl Barley. 9.5; Split Peas,
boxes. 95 50; Green Peas 95 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extnas, 94 80©
8 10, usual' terms; Bakers' Extras. 94' 70S 5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at 93 85@4 25
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Late mall adrioes from New York say:
"A rather better tone to th« prune mar
ket was noted, which was due to an Im
proved deniand coming principally from coun
try buyers. Sales were not large, but were
reported to be more numerous than for some
V.rr.e past, as Jobbers are beginning to feel
the consuming <ltmarjd. and not having bought
vrry freely heretofore are now poorly supplied.
Tliere were so far as could be learned no
efTerinjrs of Santa Clara stock for October
shipment brlow a l%c basi* for the lnterme
'".-.-• sizes, with forties commanding a rrem
luni of %g%c. according to seller. Trade In
fesjrhes ie rpstricted by the strong views of
tellers and the email offerings. Apricots are
• rar:ng'.y offered and firmly held, but there
i«.™ to l>e little demand at the moment.
California loose Raisins of ths new crop aro
tenera"y Quoted at 2%c for two-crowns. 3c
For three-crowns and 3 l £c for four-crowns, all
f. 1. b. Coast, but sales ar« reported at %c
1**6. There Is rep-ated to be more demand,
though we hear of no important Fales. Seeded
:j.':.?. both old end cew. remain very quiet
In this market, but other distributing centers
are reported to be doing more or leas buy
ing, and the low prices are said to have opened
Bp a :«r£» outlet abroad."
Dried Fruits in New York.
lOOiAnaconda 82 94
;Ann Arbor ...» 2S 32
I Do pfd 60 65
24.400, A T & S F 83% 82% b2% S2_4
1.100J Do pfd 101 100 lOO 1 * 10t.m
£2,S00,Balt & Ohio 90>i 89% 89% 89%
5O0i Do pfd 94 94 93^ 94%
! Bay State Gas 3-16' Vi
8.700.B R T 56% 55% 56 56Vi
IBrook I'd Gas 218 224
IBruns D & 1 6^4 7
200 Butterick Co ... 49 48% 4S% 49%
(Canada Southern 68% C9
• 6. 7OOJ Canadian Pacific 130% 129% 129% 130
24,100'C & O 44% 43% 43% 44
C & A 39% 40%
Do pfd 80 85
C & E I pfd.... 128 140
C I L pfd 80 00
1.600 C & G W 16% 16Vi 1«% 1«H
Do pfd A .'. 54% 56%
Do pfd B 24 27H
Do debs 82% 85
C & N W 185 189
28,S00;c M & St P 159V- 158% 158% 158%
1 Do pfd 184 165
7.000 C R I & P (new) 2S«-4 27% 27 27%
3.000 Do pfd 73% 72 71% 72
I Do 4s 76U 76%
SOOjChl Term 6% 6% 6% 6J4
200, Do pfd 15*4 15% 15 15%
600'Chlc I'n Trac... 7% 7% 7% S
Do pfd 36 42
8OO1C C C & St L... 81 79% 79% 80%
Do pfd 109 110
Cleve Lor & W 62 70
Do pfd 82
2,100Co!o F & 1 35% 31% 34% 35
I Do pfd 55
700Col Hock C & I. 12% 12% 12% 12%
600 Colo Southern... 19% 19% 19% 19%
600J Do 1st pfd 61% 51 51 51%
1.20<); Do 2d pfd.... 26J* 23% 26 26%
2,COOConsol Gas 207%'206U 205% 2C«6 l 4
9no:Cont Tob Co pfd 124 Hi 1 124 " 123 124
1,50^ Corn Products .. 15% 15% 15% 15%
200) Do pfd 71% 71% 71% 71%
16.000; Del & Hudson. 170 167% 16.8% 168^
2,faO0D L & W 300 2S5 291 296
100JD & R G 2S% 2S% 28 28%
600 Do pfd- 81% Sl^a 81% 82
Des M & Ft D 24%
Detroit Un Ry.. 71% 70% 70% 70%
Detroit Southern 4 4%
Do pfd 7 7%
(Diamond Match 132 135
2, 000: Distilling Secur. 29% 29 29% 29%
Do bonds 73 74
Duluth S S & A 8 8%
100 Do pfd A 12% 12% 12% 13%
100,700'Erie 31% 31 31% 31?s
VK«I Do 1st pfd 67% 67 67% 67%
fcOu! Do 2d pfd 46 45% 45% 45»»
E & T H .'. 53 59%
I Do pfd 75 85
I Ft W & D C 44% 48%
:Gen Chemical 48 65
Do pfd 94% 97
'General Electric 171 172
;Great North pfd 155 185
Green Cons Cop 1S% 18%
'Havana Tob Co 27 2S$a
I Do pfd 37 40
IHockinj? Valley 80 81%
I Do pfd ' 8S% 89%
5,000'llllnois Cen 140% 139% 139% 139%
500 Inter Paper IS 17% 17 17%
Do pfd , 75% 76
'Inter Power 40*^ 41%
ilntc-r Pump 32% 33
100 Do pfd 7% 7% 7% 6%
f 00 Iowa Central .. 25 24% 24% 25
300 Do pfd 40% 45% 45% 46%
Kanawha & M 33% 37
K C Ft S&M pfd 77% 77%
Kan City South 24% 25
Do pfd 46 46%
Keo &. D M 14 16
Laclede Gas pfd 80 100
L E & West.* 31 34
Do pfd 87% 100
Long Island 55 5S
15,000 L & N ¦ 127% 126% 126% 127
400. Manhattan 154% 154% 163% 154%
300 Man Beach 10 10 10 12
l,300JMet Securities . 61% 80% 81 81%
6.600 Met St Ky 121 120 120% 120%
l.WOMex Central ... 14% 13% 14 14%
100'Mlnn & St L 07% 67% 50 57%
I Do 1st pfd »5 98
M St P &. S S M.|132»4 132 132% 132%
500 Do pfd 132% 132 132% 132%
600;Mo Kan & Tex. 24% 24 24 24%
1.SOO! Do pfd 49% 4S% 4S% 49
12,l60 Mo Pacific 98% 97% 97% 97%
100 N C & St L 123% 123% 123% 125
1,700 National Lead . 24% 24% 23% 24
Do pfd 94% 96%
JNat R Rof Mx 20% 21%
400i Do pfd 40 40 39% 40
1.300'Nat Biscuit 49% 48% 49% 49%
200 Do pfd 109% 109Vi 109% 110
3O0;N J Central 182 181% ISO 182
N Y Air Brake 138 138%
S.400N Y Central.... 127% 126 127% 127%
....... N Y C & St L.^ 31 33
Do let pfd 110 120
Do 24 pfd «5 CS%
N Y Dock 14 18
IN Y N H & H 191 193
31.900!N Y Ont & W.. 36% 34% S5% 35%
3,100 Nor Sc West 69% 68% CS% 68 %
200! Do pfd . 01 91 90% 91
(North American 94% 95
lO.COO-North Securities. 108% 10C% 107% 107%
Omaha 140 150
IX} pfd 185
O S L 4s 09% 09%
Pacific Coast .' 63% 64%
Do 1st pfd 98 105
Do 2d pfd 73% 75
MOO Pacific Mail ... 34% 33 33% 34
41.400jPenn R R Co... 132% 131% 131% 132
100 People's Gas .. 102% 102% 101% 102
Pere Mar pfd 75 80
PC C & St L C9 71
Do pfd 105 106
900 Pres Steel Car. . 33 32% 32% 33
600 Do pfd 80 79% 79% 80.
Pullman Car Co 216 218
800 Ry 8 S Co 23% 23 23 23%
300| Do pfd 7U.% 79% 79% HO
128,100 Reading C9% 68% 6$% 69
200 Do 1st pfd ... 85% 85% 85% 86
500, Do 2d pfd ...: 78% 78 77% 7»t
T-OORep S & I 9 8% 8% 9
800 Do pfd 45 44% 45 45%
Rubber Goods 20% 21
Do pfd . 83% 84
B S & I Co 39% 40
Do pfd . 88 89V1
St J & G 1 15. 17
Do 1st pfd 45 50
Do 2d pfd 24 26
StL A SF 1st pfd 71 75
2,000, Do 2d pfd 58% 58% 58% 68%
l.lOO.St L & 6 W 21% 20% 21% 21Vj
0.700 Do pfd 46 45 45% 45%
24.000 Sou them Pacific r.7«i 56% 56% 57
20,300 Southern Ry 33% 32% 33% 33%
2.600 Do pfd 94% WiaI 94 04%
Standard Oil 640 644
Standard R & T 1% 2
900|Ttenn Coal & I.. 48% 47% 47% 48
Texas P L T Co 30 33
1,000 Texas Pacific .. 31% 31% 31% 31%
200|Third Ave 127%!127^ 127 130
300'Tol Ry & T Co.. 23% I 23 22% 23%
(Tol St L & W 30% -1
200 Do pfd 49% 49% 49% 50
1,900 Twin City R T. 100% 99% 89% 100%
... Do pfd 98% 9(T54
Un Bag & Paper 7% 8
Do pfd 65%
38,500 Union Pacific ... 102 100SJ lol% 101%
i Do pfd 92 Cl
Do Coot 4s 106% 106%
United Copper 8 10
....... United R of S F 12% U%
200 Do pfd ...... 56% 50H 56 57
Do 4s 84 85
200 U S C I Pipe... 11% 11% 11% in'.
000 Do pfd 5S% 68 58 65%
U 8 Express 114 118
1.100 U S Leather 9% 9% 0% 9%
800 Do pfd 83% 88 88 88%
lu S R & C pfd 65 56
2.200'U 6 Rubber ,... •«% 20% 21 21%
700) Do pfd 76 75% 75 75%
66.100 U S Steel Cor.. 18% 17% 17% 17%
108.«oo! Do pfd ...... 78 71% -71% 71%
200 Va-Car Chem Co 35% 34% 24% 35%
1.000 Do pfd ...... 108% 107% 108% 08%
2.100 Wabaeh 21 20% 20% 20%
7.600 Do pfd 42% 41% 41% 41%
Do deb Bs «5% 65%
WelU-Fargo Ex. 235 245
iWestern Union.'. 90% 5*0% »O% fw>%
700;WesUngbouse ... 167.. 166 166 . 67.
I Do 1st pfd.... ..... ..... 180 190
;l,O00!W & L E 17% 18
200] Do pfd .. 45% 45% 45 45%
I Do 2d pfd 24% 25%
1.200lWlscoo«ln Cent. 21 \ 20% 20% 20%
*
POMEGRANATES — *0®50c for small and 91
01 50 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 23<@50c per box.
FIGS— 50e@91 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. T5c«$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 30©50c per box; Watermelon*.
91 25@3 per dozen ; for ordinary and 95 for
extra large. " ' ~~~\
GRAPES— Small boxes and crates; Seedless.
75 @ 85c; Tokay, C5® 75c; Muscat. SO^CSc;
Isabella. 6C<S75c: Black. -25C6OC Large open
boxes, 75cf?91 25; Wine Grapea. 919#22 P« r
ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 92 50©3 80 per
box for Valenclas; Lemons, 92 50tf?3 for
fancy. 91 75#2 25 for choice and 91 23©1 00
for Standard; Grape Fruit 92 5003: Mexican
Limes, 94 50@5 per case; Bananas, 91 50@2 50
per bunch for Central American and 73c®
91 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. 9304 60 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The firmness In • large-sized Prunes before
mentioned continues, with a 2%c basts quoted.
The smaller sizes continue to drag. The East
ern markets ar« working around Into better
shape, as will be seen in the first column.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%©9»4c for
Royals and 9@12e for Moorparks; Nectarines,
6%@7c; Peaches, 6%©8%c per lb: Pears. 19
12c; Plums, pitted. 6©6%c for black. 8@8%o
for red and 7®8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c; S-crown. 55c; 4-crown 60c: 6
crown. 65c; bulk white, 2%@3c: black. 3*ic.
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7c- per lb.
- PRUNES— lH©l%c per lb for the four sizes
and '.'lie basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. 92 25i@2 50; Dehesa. 91 8592;
London Layers. SOcfijl; Loose Muscatels 4
crown, 3%@4c; 3-crown. 3t£J%c; 2-crown,
2%@2%c: Seedless. 2%S2Uc; Floated. 2%c;
Seeded, .3% < g5%e; Thompson's Seedless. 4Ue;
Seedless Sultanas. 3@3V4c. 1903 crop—Loos*
Muscatels 2@2Vjc; Seedleis, l%c; Floated. 2c;
Pacifies. 194®2V»e: Seeded. 2%V4Hc: Malaga*.
l%@2V4c per lb: Seedless Sultanas, 2c.
NUTS — New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. lie;
No 2 9c; No. 1 hardshell. 10%c; No. 2. 8%q;
Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils. 14814% c for
I I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie. for
J Languedoc: Peanuts. &37c for Eastern; P«>
j cans ll@13c: Cocoanuts - 94 5035; Chestnuts,
i 15@20c per lb.
I HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for white and 100
1 He for amber; water white extracted. •%©
, 6c; light amber extracted. '5®5%c; dark. 30
4%c. ' •-. ¦
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Proz'isions. .
The local situation showed no further change.
Brokers' advices from Chicago said: "Th»
general character of the market is unchanged.
There is a good cash demand, but not a larga
speculative trade. The selling pressure seems
to be. of a scalping character. We are still
i rather Inclined to expect rather better prices."
j CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%c per lb for
¦ heavy, 11 %c for light medium, lie for light.
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured: dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies. 12c:
1 Eastern sugar-cured Ham*.' 14c; Call
' fornia Hams. 13%c: Mess Beef. 91OQ1O6O per
i bbl; extra Mess 911@11 50; Family, 912012 50;
I prime Mess Pork. 914 50; extra clear. 924;
Mess. 918; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
926; Plgrs' Feet, 95; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California Compound, 7c for Eastern
compound and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pura,
10\ic: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb Una. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. lie.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half bbls. 8&c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb. t
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The phenomenal activity In Hops continue*
and prices ar« very firm.,
I HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
; Steers. 10c; medium, 9c: light, 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip 0%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, -lie; dry Hides 16%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf, 19c : Sheepskins, shearlings. 259
40c each; short Wool, 40<g65c each; medium.
75@90c; long Wool, $1®1 50; Horse Hides,
salt 92 75 for large and 92®2 50 for medium.
SI 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry 91 75 for large and 91 50 for -me
dium. 91-gi 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 23c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c:- extra large do,
91 25; large, 50c; medium 35c : small, 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 4®4%o per lb:
No. 2. 3%c; Grease 2%@3c.'
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
| ern. iKfille: Southern 809c: Southern Moun-
I tain, t'gllc; Middle Counties, free. 12@14e;
do. defective. 10@12ci Northern free. 12©14c;
do, defective, 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14@15c per lb
HOPS— 1904 crop. 2C@29c per lb.
Meat Market;
There is nothing new to report in this mar
ket.
: DRESSED KEATS. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5%®7c for Steers and 4©3c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@0c per I*.
MUTTON— Wether* 787%c; Ewes. 6©7c
per lb. • , .
LAME— 8@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6@gc per lb.
¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7U®7%c; Cows end Hell-
I ers. 5%eo'/3C: thin Cowi. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — *®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%03%c: Ewes. 3@3*;c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%c;
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 95@5 25: San Quentla.
94 50; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine 7%c;
Fruit Bags. 6H@7%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
COAL— Wellington. 98 per ton; New Wei
ling ton, 9S; Seattle. 9G 50; Bryant. $0 50;
Beaver Hill. 95 50: Roelyn, 97; Coos Bay.
95 60; Richmond, 97 50; Cumberland. 913 in
b..": and 914 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. 914; Welsh Anthracite EKg. 913;
! Welsh Lump. 911 50: Cannel. 99 per ton; Cok«.
911 50@13 per ton in bulk and 915 In sacks;
: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
: add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. 91 10®l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c ' for raw; China Nut cases.
C5®S0c per gallon: Cocoanut OH. in barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. C3c; extra bleached winter- Whale
Oil 57c: natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. .1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. Me; boiled Fish Oil 37c: raw
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint
on. 3ic'
COAL- OIL— Water White Coal OH. to bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19%c: Astral. 19%e:
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c: in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In
cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81e per gallon In ease* and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, V&O
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7U©7%e. according
to quantity. -....¦;
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb bags: I
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only) ; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.60cr boxes. 6.75c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for leas than
seventy, five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. '-}-*i'.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 29.
Flour qr sks... 9.6971 Hops, bales ..... 422
Wheat, ctls 2.S39 Wool, bales 373
Barley ctls .... 21,790 Cornmeal.ctls (E) 600 '
Oats, ctls ..... 3.481 Feed, sks io
Beans sks 2,870] 'Hides. No 453
Potatoes, sks .. 1.6771 Pelts. No 1.723
Onions, sks .... 2001 Tallow, ctls 5
Bran sks 720! Leather rolls..." 08
Middlings, sks . 568 Paper, bdls 635
Hay. tons 63l|Wine. gals 3A.9S0
fir .. , _ _• -
II' all street stocks weak. Cotton market small and narrow.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
Continental Excliange on London lower. Silver off.
Wheat firm here, but lower at Chicago.
Barley, Oats and Corn unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Bean market still suspended and nominal.
Demand for Prunes improving at New York.
Provisions firm here and steady in the West.
Feverish buying of Hops continues.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unclianged.
Butter and Eggs quiet and unchanged. Cheese rising.
Potatoes and Onions continue in ample supply.
Poultry in good supply and generally weak.
Hot weather stimulates tlic Fresh Fruit market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
said:
"It was a nervous market with some scat
tered liquidation, but not on a large scale.
The tone was, however, heavy, and although
it closed at pome slight reaction from the
low point it seemed to indicate nothing, but
scalping operations. Primary receipts were
again large, i The cash market showed much
less urgent demand, and this is the key note
to the situation. The speculative buying is
not on a large scale and not of a very good
character. W« still look for a good scalping
market, and are inclined to think the drift
will be toward lower prices."
In the local market futures were l%e up
on a bullish "feeling and covering by shorts.
with a lively business. Cash grain was firm,
with salea at top prices.
CASH WHEAT. •
California Club. 91 40@l 50; California White
Australian. 91 55@l-62%: Northern Club. 91 40
01 50; Northern Bluestem. 91 57%®1 62% per
ctl.
• FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. .Closf.
December ..?1 52 91 53»,i 91 52 $1 62
May 153% 163% 153% 1 63U
2 p. m. Session.
December ..91 82%.
BARLEY— The market showed no partlcu-'
lar change. Futures advanced at the open
ing, but fell back later on heavy selling to
ward the close. The cash grain was quiet,
but a sale was made at the top quotation.
1 CASH BARLEY.
Feed, 91 07%fil 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. ?1 15@1 17%; Chevalier. 91 17%©
1 Zi\b per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..91 13 91 13 91 12% 91 12%
2 p. m. Session.
December ..91 12% asked.
OATS — The situation shows no further
change, the market being well supplied and
the demand of the usual local consumptive
character.
White. $1 37W@1 55; Surprise, 91 50@l 60;
Red, 91 22%©1 42% for feed and 91 40@l 50
for seed; Black. 91 30@l 35 for feed and 91 50
©1 70 for eeed. . '
CORN — The local trade continue to quote a
quiet and featureless market.
Western sacked 91 40@l 45 for Yellow, 91 45
for White and 9i 40® 1 42% for Mixed > Call-
Toraia large Yellow, 91 40@l 45; small round
do 91 65@1 62%; White, nominal; Egyptian.
9l"35@l 45 for White and 91 25@1 30 for
Brown. • •• -
RYE— 91 3501 40 per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about 92 per ctl.
demand became general. The market readily j
responded to the Improved buying, December
advancing to $1 13* May sold up to $1 13%.
Beavy realizing sales soon caused renewed
weakness. Primary receipts were 10 per cent
in excess of those of a year ago, and this
fact had considerable influence on the late
selling. The low point on December was
reached at $1 11%. May sold oft to 91 11%.
The market rallied slightly. . but I the close
was weak, with December at 91 U9i@l 11%.
May closed at 91 12%.
Favorable weather and a decline in wheat
prices caused weakness* in corn. There was
a fair volume of business, with pit traders
favoring the selling side. December closed
50T 8 c. a loss of %c.
Oats were affected by weakness of other
grains. Trading was quiet. December closed
at 30%c, a decline of %c. .
Provisions were weak early as a result of
lower prices for -hogs. A good demand for
lard caused a steadier feeling later in the
day. There was considerable | liquidation of
pork and at the close the January option was
off 7%c; lard and ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. liow. Close.
"Wheat No. 2 —
September, old.. 1 13% 1 14% 1 13 1 13%
September, new. 1 lltt 1 11%, 1 10 1 10%
December 1 12% 1 13 1 11% 1 ll»i
May 1 13% 1 13% 1 11% 1 12%
Corn No. 2 —
September . 54*1 54% 63% 53%
December 51% 51% 50% 50%
May 49% 49% ; 48% 49
Oats No. 2 —
September - 30 30 . 30 SO
December ...... 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 33% 33%, 32% 32%
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
October .......11 40 11 42% 11 37%. 11 40
January .......13 05 13 15. 13 05 13 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs. —
October ...7 35 7 02% 7 35. 7 52%
January 7 35 7 42% 7 35 7 37%
Short Ribs per 100 lbs. —
October ...I... 7 70 7 77% 7 70 7 72%
January ....... 6 SO 6 85 6 80 6 82%
v. Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— Flour firm; No. , 2
spring wheat, $1 16@1 17: No. 3. $1 05@l '15:
No. 2 red. Jl llj&@l 13%:. No.- 2 corn, 52%c;
No. 2 yellow, M%c; No. 2 oats, 31%@32c; No.
2 white, 30%@30%c; No. 3 white, 30@32c;
No. 2 rye, 57c; good feeding barley, 36@37c;
fair to choice malting, 40#49c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 08@l 16; No. 1 Northwestern, 91 18; prime
timothy seed, $2 Ti">'i{2 65; mesa pork, per bbl.,
fll 40011 50; lard, per 100 lbs., 97 62%; short
ribs sides (loose), ?7 75@7 87%; short clear.
Bides (boxed). 8%@S%c; whisky, basis of high
wines, 91 20%; clover, contract grade. 912 25.
• Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...* ... 29,500 31,800
Wheat, bushels 142.100 95.700
Corn, bushels 157,800 420,200
Oats, bushels ....223,500 132,000
Bye, bushels 8,000 7.200
Barley, bushels ..273,700 251.400
Butter, Cheese and. Eggs.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day, the butter market was steady;
creamery, 14$?20c; dairy, 13>gl7c
Cheese— Steady at »K@10%c.
Eggs Steady, mark cases included, at 14®
1794c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER: 30, 1904.
STOCK MAKKET.
Continued Oft Face Tweiffc
CHICAGO, Sept. 29. — The wheat market
opened firm, December being unchanged to Vfcc
higher at $1 12% to $1 12%. May was un
changed to %c higher at 91 13% to 91 13%.
The market soon weakened, however, on lib
eral sales by local longs and commission houses
A report from Duluth stating stocks there so
far this week had been increased 75,000 bush
els was. responsible for part of the selling.
Favorable weather 'conditions -also had a de
pressing influence. Before ' the market ¦ re
ceived any considerable support December had
declined to $1 12, and May to $1 12?i®91 12%.
Inspired by , reports of good flour : sales North
west, aborts bought quite freely. Later : the
Future Grain and Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£»» jPt» j£s
AT AUCTION.
50 Head of Choice Selected
Heavy Draft Horses
JUST ASSITSS.
Weight from 140O to 1730, from 5 to 8 yean
old. I can safely say they are th« best lot of
Draft Horses ever offered at public or prlvat*
sale in San Francisco. W« lnrlt* intending
purchasers to com* and look this stock ovtr.
as they will bear a close inspection for
soundness, and they ax» suitable for truck
men, contractors, heavy delivery of any ktnd.
and the San Francisco Fire Department
should inspect this lot. as they ar» what they
want, and they must and will be sold to th»
highest bidder. Sale takes plac* Monday. Oc-
tober 3, at 11 o'clock, at the International
Horse Market, corner Twelfth and Harrison
streets.
8. W ATKINS. Auction— r.
fe £*
AUCTION SALE
oy
50 Head of Work, Driving and
Saddle Horses,
Wetghicg from 1000 to 1700 pounds.
Consigned by C. L. Taylor. Batavia. and others.
To b* sold
MONDAY EVSVnrO. OCTOBEB 3. 1904
at 7:45 o'clock at salesyard.
1732 MARKET ST., near Van Ness ave.. S. F.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock Auc-
tioneers.
Horses at yard Saturday. October 1. 1904.
Send for catalogue.. Superior printing made our success. Order It
from Edward Knowle* Co., 21 Second street* '
The Paraiso Springs are always open. *
Chief.' Engineer Schussler : occupied
the afternoon «-.-wlon'of United States
Commissioner Heacock's -court yes
terday in ' a descriptfon of; the ' Sprihg
Valley/ Water Works system of con T
duits * and* reservoirs in the ,• Sunol, San
Andreas; and .'Crystal Springs systems.
JScliussler Grows Eloquent.
Ilnrnctt'a -Extract, of * Vanilla la the
best., perfectly pure, highly toncentrated. ' • ;
The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued a license yesterday -for- the. es
tablishment of the* Bank of Rio Vista
at the town of that name. The:new
institution is capitalized at ' $50,000.
which fs 'fully subscribed. Leave was
granted to the Oriental Bank, of 'San
Francisco to change 'its place of bus r
iness from this city to West Oakland
and to change . Its name to the West
Oakland Banklnjr and . .Trust Com
pany.
Bank Applications Are Granted.
Libel for Waxes.
Adolph Freiberg filed a. libel yester
day in the United States District Court
against the scow schooner" Mabel and
Edith to recover $50 alleged to be due
onbalance'of wages as master.
$2 00 buys a card index drawer. 500
record' cards, alphabetical index and 25
guide cards. Loose leaf ledgers, price
books and all modern office systems,
printing, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. *
Good Things for Uttle Money.
Accuses Friend of Embezzlement.
Mrs. Catherine AJbrecht, 766 Fol
som street, secured a warrant from.
Police Judge Cabanlss yesterday for
the arrest of Mrs. Mary E. Crane on
a charge of felony embezzlement- She
says, that her husband and Mrs.
Crane's husband are at Nome. A few
days ago she received $150 from her
husband to pay her expenses to Nome.
On Wednesday she went to Oakland
en n visit and left the J$150 with Mrs.
Crane for safe' keeping. '. She now al
leges that Mrs. Crane has disappeared,
taking her trunks with I her and the
$150.
Alfredo Amenabar of Coquimbo
Chile, special, commissioner of the De
partment of Agriculture of Chile, went
to Fresno yesterday to look 'into the
California methods of curing figs and
raisins. He took with him letters
from Manager Arthur R. Briggs of the
California State Board of Trade, who
requested that every possible facility
for investigation/ should be afforded.
The Fresno CKSmber of Commerce has
a. large fund of information and. in
Fresno County the fig and raisin indus
tries are very large. Raisins are pro
duced in Chile. The purpose of the
inquiry in this State is to ascertain
whether California methods can be
employed sucessf ully r in Chile. ' The
present methods of curing raisins in
South America are crude and not suit
ed to the requirements of the general
trade.- Land in Chile that is adapted
to fruit growing is:much higher priced
than are the 'fruit lands of California.
Still^Mr. .Amenabar says that a large
industry may be fostered.in his coun
try.' ;«»
Industries and Methods.
Sends Commissioner to California to
Investigate and Report Upon Local
CHILE IS SEEKING FACTS . ,
ABOUT FIGS AND RAISINS
J General Corbin's manifesto about mar
riage in -the army comes in for editorial
comment in this week's Town Talk, and
the Saunterer gives some examples,
chiefly local, of gold lace seeking gold
bags. Other Saunterer topics are: "The
Political . Situation," "Grant on the Anx
ious Seat." "Wealth of Senatorial Candi
dates." "Robert Bien Going on the Stage,"
"Tom Driscoll and His Fiancees," "The
Seven Society Girls Who Will Testify in
the Dolbeer Case." etc, eta Edwin H.
dough writes of "Missionary Land Grab
bers," Theodore Bonnet tells of "Eliza
bethan Drama in the Sierras" and Harry
Cowell. the inimitable stylist, writes of
?The World's Rejected Guests."
Town Talk.
The wise seldom give advice. If a .friend
says drink "Old Oilt Edge Whiskey." know it
is an exception to the rule. Wichman, Lutgen
& Co., sole proprietor*. 20-31 Battery st..S.F.«
Schmitz did not like the brevity of
the reply and gave orders to a force of
employes to be ready at 3 o'clock In the
afternoon to remove the : curve If the
United Railroads did not do. so.
Schmitz says that nearly all the curves
in the city have been laid in violation of
the ordinance requiring curves to be
laid eleven feet from the curb, notably
at Third and Market . streets and
Broadway and Kearny street.
The property owners of the Potrero
called attention of the Supervisors In
a communication to the bad condition
of Kentucky street, between the car
tracks, which makes It almost impos
sible to haul ordinary loads over them.
ORDERS CURVE.
at the corner of Post and Kearrty sts.
Tour letter will be given our prompt atten
tion.
Rogers' story, as told by Judge Dorn,
is that he is a miner and owns a val
uable claim near the Morgan or Fair
mine, the latter being in litigation and
disuse. Rogers broke a lot of rich ore
from the outcroup on his claim and
brought it to the Selby smelter, which
paid him $2582 50 for it, he reserving
some fine samples. He was walking up
the street with his young brother-in
law, named Majors, when Detectives
Gibson and Bell collared him and took
him to the tanks at the Hall of Justice.
There was no charge placed against
him, but he was "sweated" for five
days. He says that ' the detectives
wanted him to,- confess that he stole
the ore from the Morgan mine.
When Attorney Treadwell was about
to have him released on a writ of ha
beas corpus, Rogers says, he confessed
to. the theft as desired, and said he
had taken about $30,000 wdrth of ore in
the past. He understood, he says, that
after, the alleged confession had served
its purpose he was % to have the prop
erty back, but one of the Magees took
it and kept lt.c Rogers declares that
he was under duress, and that his con
fession was false. He maintains that
the ore came from his own property
and proposes to prove it to the satis
faction of "the court.
The experience of William Rogers,
prospector and miner, with detectives
and agents of millionaires makes. a re
markable story, 'which is to have an
airing in the Superior Court.' Yester
day, by his attorneys, Dorn, Dorn &
Savage, he brought suit to recover
$2582 50 in coin and. $1000 worth of gold
ore specimens from Theresa A. Oel
richs. Hermann Oelrichs, Virginia
L. Vanderbilt, -William Vanderbilt.
Thomas Magee Jr., William A. Magee,
Fred Magee, Thomas Gibson and Rich
ard Bell. The list included the Fair
heirs, their agents, the Magees, and
two detectives..-.-.
Mrs. Lillian Fleming of 1006 Buchan
an street, Mrs. Rose Wagner of S649
Twenty-second street, this city, and
Mrs. Florence Cain of 944 Wood street,
Oakland, called at the Coroner's of
fice yesterday afternoon and told a re
markable story to the effect that their
deceased father, John Kenny, 58 years
old, had been leading a double life.
He died suddenly last Tuesday at
1426 Market street of heart failure.
When Deputy Coroner Brown arrived
to take the body to the Morgue he was
introduced to a woman who gave the
name of Ann Kenny and said the dead
man had been her husband. She said
ba was a member of Pacific Lodge of
Masons of this city and that the Ma
sons would inter the body. Deputy
Brown thereupon allowed- Undertaker
Halsted to take charge of the remains.
Kenny's daughters informed Deputy
Coroner Meehan yesterday afternoon
that their father had never been di
vorced from, their mother and that
neither she nor they were aware that
any suit for divorce had ever been
filed. Their father was a commercial
traveler, they said, and left home
about a year ago on business. When
he returned about two weeks ago their
mother was in Mill Valley and it had
•been arranged that he and she were
to go to housekeeping In this city to
morrow. - •
His daughters called at the Coroner's
Suits for divorce were filed by John
Muller against Jennie Muller, deser
tion; Martha Downing* against Warren
Downing, desertion;. Katherine Me-
Keown against John McKeown, deser
tion; Ida Gillet against Elgin Gillet.
neglect;; IDva Gray against - Elmer
Gray, desertion; Gertrude Clay against
Samuel Clay, neglect; Mary F. Mln
aker against W. E. Minaker, cruelty.
The defendant in the last case is a
commission merchant with an income
of $400 a month.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Murasky to Annie Murphy from
John J. Murphy, cruelty; by Judge
Kerrigan to William R. Jennings from
Feliciana Jennings, desertion; to Hor
ace W. Hoag from Ellen Hoag, deser
tion; by Judge Troutt to May Taylor
on a cross-complaint, from William
Taylor, neglect.
To prevent her husband from sacri
ficing the business of the Hotel Inver
ness and to insure a proper amount of
alimony for herself, Annie B. Higgins
yesterday filed an affidavit In • sup
port of a request for the court
to order Theodore S. Higgins to
give security for her expected
alimony and for the appointment of. a
receiver for the hotel business. She
says he has not given her her share of
the $3750 received by him from the ho
tel since August 8, and declares that
he, his brother Rufus and Dr. Wheeler
tried last Sunday to frighten her into
a settlement of her claim for commu
nity property. She says he has . not
paid the September rent, and the pro
prietor will take the hotel, and he will
not pay the next installment on the
furniture, letting it go by default. She
reiterates that Higgins receives $500 a.
month from his dentist practice and
declares that she worked for $25 and
$30 a month in stores in order to help
support him when he was attending
the College of Dentistry. >
Claudia E. Montgomery, chorus girl,
whose suit for the annulment of her
marriage with Robert C. Montgomery
was dismissed last week, yesterday
filed another suit identical with the
tlrst.
Full particulars and folder showing
the route may be had at 641 Market
street. Santa Fe office. Sleeping car res
ervations should be made at once. •
j._ ' : ' _•_
office yesterday for the purpose of pro-
testing against the cremation of their
father's remains. They desired that
the lodge should bury him. Mr. Meehan
referred them to the master of the
lodge. ; .-¦" *; - : 1
At the time of his death Kenny was
employed in the Registrar's office.
Have you ever traveled in the personal
care of an experienced railroad man, en
joying a journey free from worry, where
all the troubles are taken care of in ad
vance by him and you have only to buy
your ticket and go?
On October 4 another of the popular
Santa. Fe personally conducted parties
will leave San Francisco for St. Louis
and • Eastern points. The Grand Canyon
of Arizona may be visited en route — that
greatest of all the wonderful sights In
America. Return may be had by an
other way if desired. Either tourist- or
standard sleeping-car berths may be ta
ken. Mr. Otto Ludwig Zeus of the Santa
Fe, who will have charge of the party,
will see that this is made an exception
ally delightful trip. It is a chance to
visit the World's Fair under the best
auspices.
Rates for the excursion are to St.
Louis and back, $67 50; to Chicago and
back. J72 60; New York and back,
$108 50; Boston and back. $109 50.
Personally Conducted Party for St.
Louis and the World's Fair.
Two Wives Hotly Contend
for Possession of His
Body, Each Claiming It
Prospector Sues Fair Heirs
for Return of Coin and
Rich Specimens of Ore
Mrs. Higgins, Declares Tlifit
Husband Intends to Sac
rifice the Hotel Business
HIS GOLD GONE,
RESULT IS WOE
ASKS RECEIVER
FOR INVERNESS
ROW FOLLOWS
KENNY'S DEATH
The trial of James H. Smith, the
colored non-union stableman charged
with shooting and killing Anthony
Owen Gallagher, a, striking stable
man, at Post and Polk streets on the
night of June 25, is drawing to a close
in Judge Lawlor's court. All the evi
dence for the defense was concluded
yesterday afternoon and at 4 o'clock
the jurors left the courtroom to per
sonally examine the locality of the
shooting. The case will go to the jury
to-day.
Will Soon Know His Fate.
"The right to put the curve there is
beyond any question," said Tirey L..
Ford, attorney for the corporation. "In
fact, it was there for twenty-five years
by virtue an ordinance passed on
November 12, 1879. granting the Central
Railway Company or its successor, the
franchise for fifty years to operate a
street-car line beginning from East
street and . running -along certain
streets, including the curve from Kear
ny into Post. The curve was taken
up in 1899 by . our predecessors
for some reason or other and re
laid by us recently."
President Schmitz of . the Works
Board received the following communi
cation from General Manager Chapman
in response to the former's order to re
move the. curve at Post and Kearny
streets: - ,.;r ; !i
'This will acknowledge receipt of your com
munication of the 27th ln»t., relative to the
track curves recently installed toy the company
I 'Commissioner Casey stated that he
had never seen any application from
the United Railroads to lay the spur
track and a permit must first be ob
tained to tear up the streets.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday took up the question* raised
by E. P. E. Troy in a communication
as to whether the United Railroads has
laid any spur tracks illegally, with par
ticular reference to the curve at Post
and Kearny streets, D street and
Sixth and Eighth avenues and at other
points. Other questions propounded by
Troy to the corporation for replies were
ordered to be formally filed with the
board for reference in the regular way
to the committee. .
Finally a car was run out to be
placed on the switch at Kearny street
so as to block the workmen at that
end. The word was given arid the
car was got under way, when suddenly
an innocent vender of fresh fruits
came along with his steed. The car
men cursed, but before, the car was
run over the switch the workmen got
under the wagon and tore up the
switch, while the driver, all innocent
of what a commotion he had caused,
looked wistfully on till ordered on by
a policeman.
Several officials from the United
Railroads were present giving orders,
but they did not bother the workmen.
The railroad officials were very reti
cent regarding their plansand move
ments. About all they did was to hold
councils while the husky laborers were
hammering away at the rails so that
the job might be completed as quickly
as possible.
SUPERVISORS TALK IT OVER.
This was in the form of running a
car on the spur up and down to pre
vent the workmen from proceeding
with their task. But it did not work,
for the agile employes of. the city im
mediately- piled rocks upon the tracks
and the car was finally run up Post
street. . Soon after a similar move was
made, but the same tactics prevailed
again and the .railroad officials with
drew to think over a new plan.
ATTEMPT TO BLOCK TRACKS.
The much disputed spur track of ths
United Railroads which turns into Post
street from Kearny was torn up by
a gang of men from the Board of Pub
lic Works . shortly after 5 o'clock last
night. The # United Railroads mad*
but a slight* resistance and when the
city's laborers began their task the/
experienced but little difficulty in com
pleting it. While the work of tear
ing up the rails was going on a large
crowd collected and mild excitement
prevailed for a while.
It was an Italian fruit peddler who
saved the day for the city. This pur
veyor of delicacies "butted in" with
his wagon just as a car was about to
be run on the switch so as to prevent
the workmen from tearing it out. While
the humble fruit monger's wagon was
innocently standing in front of the car
the workmen got busy and tore the
switch out without opposition.
It took the men about two hours to
complete their Job. They . commenced
work shortly after 3 o'clock and by 5
o'clock the outer rail was torn out and
traffic. on that branch of the road was
completely tied up. The workmen were
in charge of Foremen A. J. .Donovan,
J. E. Brandon and Edward Nolan. ...
The story had been passed out that
the United Railroads would make forc
ible objections when the city's work
men came upon the scene ready to tear
up the rails. But it was not so. For
an hour they worked in peace and had
the rails all but ready to tear out when
the railroad people made their first
hostile move.
Fruit Vender's Cart Stalls
Railroad Company's Move
to Frustrate City's Plan
EXCITE3IENT PREVAILS
Corps of Men From Board of
Works ' Iiip Out Kails at
Post and Kearny Streets
DISPUTED SPUR
TRACK TORN UP
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL. ? FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER ; SOy 190i.'
14
Kearny and Sotter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M^ Closes 5:30 P. M.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR FRIDAY
Friday's Exceptional Offers in
Bed Comforters and Blankets
(Second Floor Satter St.)
Housekeepers — Don't miss these values, if you have need
for good, .reliable, bed coverings, for only such are included in
the following : . •* •/? *^« ';¦:
¦ Excellent Silkoline Covered Com- Fins Blankets, sfze 58x80, made of
forters, white cotton filled, size clean, pure white wool, pinK and
72x72, in choice floral de- Oi o - blue borders; worth 14-5°. &a ftft
signs, at..:......,...... at i uu
French Nainsook Covered Com- Best White Wool Blankets, large
forters, well stitched,' size 72x78, size for double bed, good
in pretty Dresden patterns, weight; worth $6.50 pair, gA
special $2.25 at v u
Veiling News You'll Like
25c, 35c and 50c Styles, at 19c a Yard.
(First Floor Kearny St.)
At no time or place will you be able to secure Veilings of
equal quality, at this exceptionally low, price. The assortment
includes Tuxedo Veilings in plain and fancy meshes, with che-
nille and velvet dots — and there's a wide variety of choice
patterns to choose from, in black, brown and navy blue/also
black on white and white on black — all new, stylish, .
up-to-date Veilings— none worth less than 25c, many 1 JC
worth 3 5c and some 50c and 60c a yard — sale price — ' s^?' : '
Ladies' Sateen Underskirts
Are Priced Very Temptingly
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Excellent quality Mercerized > Sateen Underskirts— in dainty
black and white stripes, with deep,.Spanisl> .flounce, .trimmed
with three-inch pleated ruffle and finely stitched sateen *| «;•
bands — worth regularly $1.75 each, special for Friday at «pl«*w
High -Grade Dress Goods
50c a Yard Instead of 85c.
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Over two thousand yards of Silk Lustre Sicilietta are in this
sale. The.y are 50 inches wide,. in, black, navy blue, brown,
gun metal and royal blue — a most desirable 'fabric for Gowns,
Coats, Waists and Separate Skirts— and without a doubt
the brightest Mohair cloth ever shown at the. price,-— sold Cfl/»
regularly at 85c yard — our. special price vUW
Choice Black Dress Goods in 2 to 8 Yard Lengths,
AT ONE- QUARTER OFF
These are Remnants — an accumulation of this season's mast wanted
fabrics— among them are Alpacas, Voiles, Etamines, Serges, Mohairs,
Granite Cloths and many others. To close out quickly we deduct
ONE-QUARTER OFF the present low remnant prices.
Sale of Shawls at 60c
(Third Floor Xesray St.)
Here's a sale of Shawls at a price which is less than you would
pay for the material. They, are exceedingly pretty Shawls,
woven of Shetland wool— 40 inches square — in such desirable
colors as wh\te, black, light blue and pink— all new, per- . /•
feet goods — now on sale at the special price of, each OUC
-'_. /'•_.. ¦¦ ¦ J^yEKTISjEaiENTS. -^_^
BHHHHBHHBBHBBHIIHHHHIIHaBfflBBBiaHHHBHBIIIlHMainBHBia
H • SAN FRANCISCO, SEPTEMBER 29, 1904. 0
I NOTICE TO THE TRADE. I
H . ; ; • . ; q!
g- ¦-•¦¦'• ¦' ,¦-¦¦'.¦¦- . . ¦ • . - .-¦•-. ¦
k The public is hereby notified that the |
¦ price of Steam Beer in and for the a
S City. and County of San Francisco m
¦ is the same as heretofore, namely : I
§ I- 1 bbl $6. 50, less 50c discount to the trade |
1 1-2 bb! S3.25, less 25c discount to the trade J
1 1-3 bbl $2.25, less 25c discount to the trade |
s 1-6 bbi SI. 25, less 25c discount to tbe trade s
s 'Albany. Brewery., 1 Jackson'Brewery/ :§|
¦ Anchor Brewery. / John Wieland Brewery. h
,E .Broadway Brewery.- " Milwaukee Brewery. g
H • Gaiifofnia Brewery^. National Brewery. m
§ Claus vWreden . Brewery. Norths Star Brewery. g
a Chicago- Brewery. St. Louis Brewery. a
S Enterprise 'Brewery. , Union Brewery. g
i Eagle Brewery. United States; Brewery.
g Hibernia Brewery. ' Willows Brewery. B
§ .W under.; Brewery.- . B
HKJIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBHBHBHHBBEHBSaBBBBBBHBHa
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Brw A %| •» IbB B Hi
I \ w 1 I J T I
FATXHG CASH ZS BIO EC0SOM7.
BEST SICILY LEMONS. IX>ZEN 12^c
Best riour, 25-lb. sacks .£9o
roller— Usually 70c
50c «ack ROffK SALT. SO Ib«. 25c.
Santa- Clara Prtmcs, 6 lbs... 25o
Good »1k. flne Havor. tender ikln. tmall -it.
BEST LAUNDRY STARCH. POUND »c.
Almonds, soft «hell, pound 12V»o
¦' Unbleached, new crop, perfect' taste. \
2~DOZEN NUTMEGS 10c
Weight BUTTER Square 50C
Sterlfnc brand — Best Humboldt creamery but-
• ¦ - ' ter^
GOOD RANCH EGGS. DOZEN S3&
Kon» Coffee, 3 pounds 35o
Best coffee produced In Hawaiian Islands;
wort* 25o lb. .
11.25 TONIC OLIVE OIL. QT. BOT. 90c.
CaHl Sauce, Mrs. rafter's, toot.. 15c. 85o
It possesses a piquancy and zest all Us own;
a treat appetizer and It aids digestion.
ALL CREAMS. 3 CAN3 25c
90c Wslsky, "Horseshoe," bottle.... 55$
Good, reliable whisky— Our Leader— Yoor rain.
$1.00 PORT OR SHERRY. OAL. «Sc
Xlnfandel Ked Wine. raXloa 43o
Healthful dinner wine; taste It at store;
worth 63c
MRS. FABER'3 JEL AND JAMS. GLASS 10c.
Old. Government Wbiskr, quart bot..75c
Best medicinal liquor; best tonic; usually fl.Oo.
LARGE BOT. MILLER WHISKY 60c.
lOOl.fiUmore St 119 Taylor SL
Part/183 • Paone Howard 1031
Centemeri
dloves^;
¦j$®jr-- ¦ AN
* > "^ \\ ¦'•"j^^ HONEST
\K^^ GLOVE.'
t made by experts
\&r^ «nd sold by the
¦ k . - niakers.
* Refined in Style, strong In
! Texture, with a high .Finish.
KMorqM.50
j Suede ¦* Pair
ij SaJesroom-200 POST ST.,.
• Corner ; Grant ¦. Av«mie.
-
¦ For. less than '•*'.¦.— :k '" "^a Q ne to a cus- ¦
its cheap imi- •¦f$'&V tomer. Notel- I
tations, and itfffiB^ ij^S^ >ffi£**c -• .-'1 ephone, no w
many times V&R$sS&^BB3kL mail and no 1
less than its Isbw 1^ V ¦'' children's or- B
ade tankard ffjjfPj /^TO This mottled ¦
or milk jar or 0pnlM warc ' s " Ce 'l 1
l\i m -'-^t °a^ CX a P TUI • 1* cast " and of ¦
lTttle JtlS ind a «ce^ |l IVIQJOIIC& musical tone;. J
, ment for you " I f^ _ j of . flower de- ,¦
to drop in and | X GLil&Qlvl sign and em- g
look over. I pQj, TO-daV bellished with |
"The "Biggest " i| a nd Saturday a siftcd gilt I
Furniture- J -r'*v->.. !.%«»? n*«___ fl that' resem- I
„„«, __ it,v I it .tney last. Kemem- ¦ m. c «.,r. E?
riouse on tnc ¦ 0 _ ¦ <? __ ga d i e s p u r e I
Padfic Coast.** I DCTttie VaseaiKl the |f go id. r
V,, ,„ • .I iMpjnnpj Berry Set. asBjn>wB«Bsif
\ um^ji^— ¦imiiiih™ !¦¦«¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ ii ihbiwh m tiiiw^.
wwkm'-l/ 1863 GRATES OF Avm/PM
11^™^ Fresh, Sweet,
v&i/w : - Good Kind, ' %8SB
That VU& Just Received From the Vineyard,
#W i|| HI TOKAY, GORNIGHON AND MUSCAT. ; W}9
IWil^/ They are large' crates full 'of grapes in black and white. Here is store news \vi%^ii
\\fnW/ • -that should interest every woman at such a little price. as this VuR^I
|j/ ONLY SOLD TO WOMEN FOLKS. We cannot guarantee how long the quantity will - \ul
111 last, so be 1 early. :' On exhibition in our Market-Street window. Sale bargain basement. Ijj I
I If .'...'¦ Vox* Than Even Exchange for Tout Money at the Price Cutter's To-S ay. ' ' " ' • : • 111
111 WAIST — Made of heavy ™ CHIEFS Mad?" r ' ft ' //l
lk\ " f"? ilk nS r^J tr f' 1C ,! 1 t> CIA M ADl/PT CTDPPT ¦ thread • lawn - -hemstitched /j I
fa\ . . tailor-made, plaited front OlO lYIAKIVIll Ol KCL 1 • - borders. with- newest /ft I
I i\ \ and back, new Bishop -° - . . ' Swiss fmhrniricrt- ~i qn m H I
l!j\\ sleeves, trimmed down . ,. K,TJN2STIiTC3- THROUGH TO > scalloped bordlrl' with /Ml
lyW the front with large pearl -g « 4~\1T7 A r>T*11irB I CTTICJCT leaf and conventional de- . /f^ll
\V\\\ buttons; brown., light II ff T /\ IV IV IH L* JL \3 a IV LILI 1 • siRns - « you are not in //$ll
IV \\ blue, cream, white and • m * * "' ** m^ «-•»-* "*-^ » *».*_-<*-* m 9 need of any it would JA^yJI
\\ champasne. Friday Price SALE ON BOTH ENTRANCES. PHELAN BUILDING, more than pay you to lay ¦//} /