SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY," SEPTEMBER 22," 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 114.
• The open door policy has come |
to China, the empire of Japan has
developed into a world power, the
Hawaiian Islands have been an
nexed, giving us control of the
most important coaling: station
in the Pacific, and the Philippine ',*
Islands, rich beyond imagination
in their natural resources and
trade possibilities, have dropped
into our possession as by a dis-'
pensation of providence. , And k 
now another change is pending,
pregnant with still greater" pos :
sibilities for the future develop
ment of ; our State. For the Pan
ama canal is now an assured fact, .
and it will not be many years be
fore this great project, the dream '
"of the most eminent statesmen of;
the world for a century or more, •
will be an assured fact, j What
the cutting of the. Panama canal '
will^ ultimately mean; to.thePa- ;
dfic Coast and the harbor of San I
Francisco and Oakland we cannot
measure even m imagination. •-
SECRETARriS IHOPEFULV
Democratic Nominees Indorsed.
HELENA, Mont. Sept. 21. — The
Labor and Populist conventions ad
journed this afternoon after having
Indorsed the nominees on the Demo
cratic Etate ticket.
Continued" on Page 2, Column 1.
MANILA. Sept. 21. — The Augustin
ian friars have repudiated the agree
ment made in Rome between the late
Pope Leo, the late Archbishop Guldi,
apostolic delegate in the Philippine
Islands, and former Governor Taft
that the money paid by the United
States in the purchase of the friars
lands should remain in the islands and
have requested that the payments to
them be made in drafts on London.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. — It is said
at the War Department that the de
partment is not a party to any con T
troversy respecting the method of pay
ing for the frairs* lands in the Philip
pines, and the issue presented as to
the place of payment, whether In Ma
nila or in Europe, lies between the
authorities of the Vatican and the
friars' orders, the latter being the
titular owners of the land. Of course,
the officials would like to see the
money remain in the Islands, but It is
prepared to accept a decision either
•way on that point
Want 3Ioney for Philippine Lands
Paid In London Instead of Manila.
as Arransed With Taft.
AUGUSTINIAN FRIARS
REPUDIATE AGREEMENT
1 .Our very . territorial greatness, ; as a ' State,
limits our. representative capacity. In Congress.
and because, of this fact and because of .the
It ' is fitting and proper . that , the represent
ative organizations of San Francisco and of
the State of California should tender, to; Hon.
Victor H., -Metcalf a r complimentary banquet
In recognition, and In celebration, of the fact
of his having been selected a- member of- the
Cabinet— otherwise. - the . President's official
family in "Washington. It is fitting, that, this
should be done — first, because of the confidence
and: esteem, in r which we hold Mr. Metcalf as
a man and: as a representative citizen of.. this
State: • second, because . we believe It la ' right
and proper ' that California- should • be repre
sented in the Cabinet ; at Washington. This
because of many , reasons. ¦ :• - ,. - . ; ,.' -
Lieutenant Governor Alden Ander
son, greeting. Secretary Metcalf In be
half of 1 the State of California, spoke
in'part as follows: . \. J .
RIGHT OF CALIFORNIA.
; Lieutenant Governor Anderson .was
then I called - upon : to respond . for' the
State. -At ' his first mention of the
nome of 'Secretary lletcalf the -ban
queters, cheered repeatedly.-; He said:
the President, of ; th« United States -hafc >-con-
Iforred a signal honor on the State of Califor
nia. I am here to congratulate the President
on ' the choice . that ¦ he haa made and to say
.that he has chorcn wisely and well and to
congratulate our distinguished neighbor on the
honor, that ha« been" conferred on him. . That
honor that' he ao modestly wears .will- be
shared by all the. people of the. State of Cali
fornia. •, Th« Secretary of Commerce. 4nd Labor
lives "In my own'town.'of Oakland. 'So we are
proud again that the. man who is selected : to
occupy the proud position ot secretary is found
In Oakland. (A voice proposed three cheers for
Oakland, which were lustily- given.) He is
sent to us to represent the man who. has borne
the. crown of victory., (Prolonged cheers.). y.
He quoted the astonishing fact that
to-day the value of the. agricultural
and manufactured products of Cali
fornia is more than fifteen times the
value of the mineral products of the
State. There : were ' great ' figures to be
dealt- with in the details of the story,
of ithe agriculture and .-horticulture of
California," and "these were ,_ grouped
of Commerce of San Francisco, who of
ficiated as toast master; Secretary Met
calf, Governor George C. Pardee, Mayor
E. E. Schmitz, President Frank J.
Symmes of the Merchants' Associa
tion, United States Senator George C.
Perkins. Congressman J. C. Needham
and Fairfax H. Wheelan.
The feature of the banquet was the
address of • Secretary Victor H. Met
calf. In his capacity as Secretary of
the Department of Commerce and
Labor his duty lies largely on the lines
In which California and the entire Pa
cific Coast are principally interested.
In a comprehensive massing of sig
nificant figures and facts he mani
fested great familiarity- with the ma
terial conditions in this State. He
called attention at the outset to the
fact that the development of California
has been remarkable.
"There Is no State in the Union," he
said, "with a population approximately
equal that approaches us in the value
of the products of farm and factory."
He reviewed the progress of mining
and showed that California has pro
duced more than one-half of the total
gold output of the United States to
date. .. . :'
The starting of the service by the
road is for the benefit of passengers
who have necessarily to spend several
days in travel without being able to
secure newspapers. On westbound
train No. 1 the bulletins will be served
at Central City, Neb., and Evanston,
Wyo., which cities are twenty-four
hours apart. The eastbound trains
will be served with the news at North
Platte, Neb., and Wells. Nev.
No attempt will be made to serve
the news otherwise than in the form,
of typewritten bulletins.
OMAHA. Neb., Sept. 2L— Beginning
next week the Union Pacific Railroad
will start issuing a news service for the
benefit of its passengers on the Over
land Limited train. This news serv
ice, which is the first innovation of ths
kind ever attempted by a railroad, will
be sent out at noon and at 4:30 in the
afternoon and posted In typewritten
form In buffet cars. Later. It Is stated,
the service will be extended to other
through passenger trains on the sys
tem. All the news of Importance will
be transmitted by the company over Its
own wires, and will be delivered at
scheduled points. The bulletin service
will be under the direction, of the ad
vertising department.
Union Pacific Company Will Bulletin
Record of Each Day's World
Happenings In Buffet Cars.
OVERIiAXD LIMITED TRAINS
TO HAVE NEWS SERVICE
effectively]
"We are the first wine State in the
Union," declared the Secretary, .'"the
greatest Rrnpe-growing State in the
Union, and we have taken the first
rank among the States of the Union
in the great modern industry of fruit
and vegetable canning and over $15,
000,000 worth of these fruits go into
cans every year." .
The raisin- industry, the grain pro
dvction, the citrus fruit outpufand
the large figures attaching to the
growing of deciduous fruits were
brought into evidence in the picture
of California's greatness.
"Hut," declared Secretary Metcalf,
"striking and. gratifying as this agri
cultural development is, we 'have
achieved even greater things in manu
factures. -The manufacturing develop
ment of the United States is the. most
remarkable chapter in - the world's
industrial history,' and we citizens *of
Calif ornia . have a right, to think; that
the most remarkable page in thls.Te
markable chapter Is that which"
records the . Industrial history of our
own State."' , ¦- ....
Throughout Secretary Metcalf spoke
as a Calif ornian, proud . of his . own*
State, and repeated applause rewarded
him. - • '.-; . > ...-.-. • •. .•• .-\ . • .
Purely from an artistic point ' of
view the surroundings of the great
dinner were successful. The . hand
some dining hall, with Its ample di
mensions and we.ll conceived . propor
tions, was a fit- setting 1 for. tfce assem
blage. The tables extended the .entire
length of . the room, at right' angles
with the speakers'- table.' In"; front of
the speakers was ' a bank.' of choice
flowers. Above' the head 'of Secretary.
Metcalf was a great cluster of/Ameri
can Beauty' roses. Along 1 the entire'
length of each of the tables on* the;
main floor .'were vines .dahlias /and
bunches of* white- chrysanthemums.'
The effect was pleasing ' and . not -over
done in any respect. The menu was'
excellent, belng.as. follows: ., ;. - : <.
¦¦ I . ¦ menIu . ¦ . ' : ':
Alhambra. Mineral 1
Water. : : • Hultrea. ' . ,
St. Francis Sauterne. : . ¦
Tortue V'erte, -. Amontillado. • ¦ " • ¦
Plors d'Oeuvrea Varies. .
Alguillettes de Bass, Jolnville. ., ;
St. Francis Burgundy. »•• ¦ • ¦ ' \- ¦
Filet de Boeuf. Financier*.
- Haricots Panaches.
Pommee Farislenne.
Moet ¦ & Chandon White Seal.
1 Sorbet au Champagne. . :
' Plegonneaux Rotls au Cresson. ¦
Tomates Farcies en Surprise.
. Glaces Fantalsles. ¦ ¦¦
Fetits Fours.
; It was about 9'. o'clock when Toast
master George A. Newhall rose- to
open the f exercises. ' . He spoke but
briefly. His remarks took well and
set the .audience 7 in good .humor" at
once. He Introduced Governor George
C. Pardee, who ¦ at first supposed that
he would be unable. to be present at
the 1 banquet," but,.' as .Mr.- Newhall^ex
plained,. set -aside another (engagement
that r he had > to come. . In ' part ' Gov
ernor Pardee" said:"' , -• j
In honoring- our distinguished -fellow- cltlztn.
DENVER. Colo., Sept. 21. — Alva A.
Adams of Pueblo was for a third time
nominated for Governor to-night by
the State Democratic convention. The
platform adopted confirms allegiance
to the national platform adopted at
Et. Louis and to the nominees of that
convention.
Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals
— Edgar M. Cullen of Kings (Demo
crat), cow an Associate Judge of that
bench, and the Republican nominee.
Associate Judge of the Court of Ap
peals — William E. Werner of Monroe
(Republican), now of that bench, by
designation by Governor Odell, and the
Republican nominee.
Senator Hill himself presented to the
convention the name of Supreme Court
Justice Herrlck of Albany. Judge Her
rick's name was received with great
enthusiasm and indorsed with cordial
speeches of support by representatives
of three of the elements whose attitude
had been an important factor In the
serious situation which had formed the
subject of the conference. Incidentally
Hill was accorded a reception which
was little less than an ovation.
A notable feature of the convention
was the disappearance of all open evi
dence of the factional warfare between
Th* Kings County ortranization. headed
by Stat<» Eer.ator Patrick McCarren.
and Tammany Hall, under the leader
chip 'jf Charles F. Murphy.
The platform adopted includes a di
rect personal attack upon Governor
Odell as well as a denunciation of the
Republican adminstration. an Indorse
ment of the Democratic national tick
et and platform and strongly worded
resolutions in regard to State and na
tional issues from the Democratic point
of view.'
\dams Heads the Ticket.
Lieutenant Governor — Francis Bur
tpn Harrison, New York, now a Repre
sentative in CongTess.
Secretary cf State— John Pallace Jr.
cf Monroe.
Attorney General — John Cuneen of
Erie.
Controller— George Hall of St. Law
r*nc».
State Treasurer— William Muench of
Onccdaga.
State Engineer and Surveyor —
Thomas H. Etryker of Rome.
I>ad«Ts of the Rival Factions Make
Seconding Speeches.
BAR A. TOGA. N. T.. Sept 21.— Out of
a situation which at times seemed al
most impossible of amicable solution.
the !*adprs of the Democratic party
to-<3ay found a way to unanimous ac
tion and at 2:23 o'clock this afternoon
the State Convention adjourned with
out day. after having nominated unan
imously the following ticket:
Governor— Daniel Cady Herrlck of
XJbany.
HILL PRESENTS HERRICK.
ECENE AT THE BANQUET GIVEN
IN HONOR OF SECRETARY VIC- '
TOR H. METCALF. .
I thank you for this welcome,
this more than cordial reception,
and especially do I thank you for
the opportunity thus afforded me
of saying something to you con
cerning the, resources of our
State, its growth and develop
ment and the bright prospects
that are in store for it in the fu
ture. The development of Cali
fornia in the past has been most
remarkable, perhaps more . so
than the development of any
other State in the Union. Our
commonwealth, which was the
thTty- first of the forty -five
States in the order of admis
sion to the Union, now stands
twenty- first in population, four
teenth in value of agricultural
products and twelfth in value of
manufactures, and there is no
State in the Union with a popu
lation approximately equal that
approaches us in the value of
the products of farm and factory
combined.
METCALF GIVES PRAISE.
. The action of the President In selecting him
was wise, and every section ot the country may
well be proud of the ability, integrity and
splendid equipment • of our new . Secretary',
but nowhere . should there . be • more rejoicing
than here . In this far" city on the Western
coast, whose sun-kissed -hills at set of «un
but reflect the future . glory, of a commerce that
may from Its center, encompass the world.
I It. is good -.to *have a good man in. such an
office, but It is a great advantage Indeed to
a city situated like -ours to -have not only a
good, official, but one' Intimately, acquainted
with. . our ¦ needs, . cognizant . of our- past and
Imbued with an exulting hope and a fixed con
fidence in our. future — a man the lines of whose
J For,the city of San Francisco Mayor
Schmitz spoke. . He was frequently in
terrupted-by applause. Some extracts
from ; his ¦ remarks follow :
¦ -In this" deserved testimonial . to a distin
guished and honored Callfornian I participate
with; the greatest pleasure, as the official head
of a city which above' all others In our broad
land : looks for encouragement and legitimate
advantage to the department\of government
now under his control.
It has often i been said that one potential
reason why California, has .not secured la times
past- more ' recognition In similar -capacities
was because, of the .fact*, that whenever any
individual, no matter what- hts worthor abil
ity,'was proponed for any. position, a chorus of
captious ¦ objections or protests on the part,
maybe of personal enemies or -of those who
aspired . to the position themselves,' .would be
raised, and the .result- was that the selection
that, might have been secured here would go
to a' more harmonious • community. •
' This lack of unanimity and of concord has
no doubt, in 'the past injured us, and so it is
with mingled feelings of pleasure and of satis
faction that we note the selection of Mr. Met
calf .to the ' position '.he now occupies without
one single .protest ;or. objection being raised on
the 'part . of - any. person, or organization in the
State of California. It is a healthy as well
as a' gratifying' sign of the times, and now
that he is there. Jknow that.. with his ability,
his , energy and his . loyalty, he will | rise equal
to - any , emergency at any time and will so
conduct' himself and perform the duties of hl»
office that they will be a credit to the nation
and- that. h«. will Justify the honor and pride
that the. people of the State of California feel
in, him and in his. appointment to his exalted
position.. • ¦' • . -
STRENGTH INiHARMONY.
"While we appreciate and are thankful for the
recognition now' thus given. I would have It.
as. "I said before, established an unwritten law
that the Pacific Coast have representation In
the President's Cabinet, and. no matter what
political party was In power or who the Presi
dent, or what his name, that California should
at. least have one- representative therein. I do
not mean, by this that Just as patriotic and
Just as able men- could not be selected from
elsewhere as frcp here, but I do mean to say
that. many, questions have arisen in the past
and will constantly arise In the future which
are peculiarly; and particularly our own, and
no. man who ha» not .resided here' can have
th« -.immediate, - the Intuitive and you might
say instinctive knowledge of matters .like cn«
who has resided here and, has- been 'in con
stant ' dally j touch with' us .and' th« conditions
as they.exift.. * >$,.v ., .;
Circumstances "not" determined -here or by
us have assisted- at" this time • In . making- us
more significant and important, because of
location, to the nation at large. -The building
of/the Panama canal, the acquisition of and
developments in the Sandwich Islands, the
awakening In the. Orient;, our affairs and in
terests, in the Philippines— all these have to do
vitally *ith. the xinterests and welfare of this
nation as a whole,' and. being upon the thresh
old of. the" vast area wh»reln lies these opera
tions and those Interests, we cannot help but
be more particularly and directly Interested
than' any 'other parts of the Tnion: and whil«
California's most pronounced greatness is to
come from within, and will be based uptfn her
ability to sustain and provide for a larger
per capita population than perhaps any other
place In.' the world, she must take cognizance
of aftairs and conditions as they exist, and in
doing so.' must be alive to the advantages of
close political association and influence with
those who .have the directing of the policies
and the affairs of the nation.
PRESENT, SIGNIFICANCE.
i -What^we -have -accomplished .and the poM-
Jtfqn'we, have;attained* has -.in -.reality .been ac
compl&hotfvand attained In a remarkably short
space of . tfme.» Nowadays /we;attract- national
[meetings/ conferences. • conventions, 'conclaves
and. encampments, and .those who attend think
;it. no- hardship to,, make th« Journey. We have
¦one such with us"now. ... , . . ,~
extent-*arid.''multlpllclty of our own 'and the
nation's interests -I believe that it should now
become- an established custom "to ; have at least
one Cabinet Minister. selected from California.
Secretary Metcalf, the speakers of
the evening and the toastmaster were
at a table on a slightly raised platform*
an arrangement, that worked ad
mirably, making It easier to see and
hear those who took the leading part in
voicing the formal welcome to the Cab
inet officer and enabling Secretary Met
calf to survey _ar a glance, an^assem-.
blage that was responsive to the words •
of the speakers. : The formal ; greetings
I regret that I am prevented from accept
ing an Invitation to attend the banquet ten
dered to the Honorable Victor H. Mer.calf by
the commercial organizations of Ban Francisco
on Wednesday evening. I desire to Join In the
universal expression by Callfornlans of their
rrahflcation that »uch an able and representa
tive Callfornian has been appointed to the
important office of Secretary of Commerce and
Labor. Mr. Metcalf" 5 successful career as a
legislator in the House of Representative* !•
an assurance that In the executive branch of
the Government his sendees will be equally
useful end reflect honor upon his State.
Judge W. W. Morrow telegraphed
from Portland, Ore., as follows:
Hegreuing my Inability to attend the banquet
!n honor of Secretary Metcalf, I desire to cor
dially unite with our people in expressing pleaa.
ure in having so able and efficient a repre
sentative in the President's Cabinet.
The number of guests was limited to
240. Every seat was filled. Several
prominent men who were invited to be
present sent dispatches expressing re
gret at inability to attend. Among
these were Senator C. W. Fulton of
Oregon, Congressman Francis W.
Cushman of Washington. W. W. Mor
row, United States Circuit Court Judge,
and United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard. The telegram from Senator
Bard was as follows:
The Sacramento Valley Development
Association. . an organization that
stands for the development of the coun
ties from tide water to Shasta and
takes in the foothill counties that
fringe the great valley, was represent
ed by its president. \V. S. Green. The
Vallejo Chamber of Commerce sent a
delegation to the banquet to reprsesent
it. including President Frank R. Dev
lin, Vice-President I. Dannenbaum,
Secretary W. D. Pennycook and S. M.
Levee and J. J. Luchslnger. From
Oakland's Merchants' Exchange came
President A. Jonas. Vice-President A.
H. Schlueter. Ex-Presidents George W.
Arper and Theodore Gler and Treas
urer W. H. Wellbye. The Oakland
Board of Trade delegated President H.
C. Capwell, Vice-President C. J. Heese
man and Secretary Edwin Stearns. The
representatives from the commercial
organizations outside of San Francisco
and the presidents of the San Francis
co bodies, apart from two who occupied
positions at the speakers* table, were
gathered around an oval table with
other guests of honor.
MAXY SENT) REGRETS.
Representative men in all lines of ac
tivity in California were included In a
brilliant assemblage. The presidents. of,
all the commercial organizations of this
city sat at table. The Manufacturers*
and Producers' Association was repre
sented by Andrea Sbarboro; the San
Francisco Board of Trade by A. A.
Watkins; the Merchants* Association
by Frank J. Symmes;..the Merchants'
Exchange by William Babcock: the
California State Board of Trade by N.
P. Chipman: the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco by George A.
Xewhall. In addition to this group of
presidents of organizations, a large
number of members of each of the
bodies that have been named were in
attendance.
••• '-..•-¦- »3 •*»>-•:- • ¦
the. greatness of Central, California, and
commerce and labor .were , the .themes
discussed. Throughout ttie;evening the
dominant tone was one of appreciation
of the honor that has been conferred
on this State in the appointment of one
of its eminent citizens to a Cabinet po
sition. . '¦¦•¦.'¦,.'.
"So they have nominated Judge Her
tirk after all." he paid. "All I can say
cif hi5 Fflection is that there appears to
Vn» no suggestion in the action of the
Drrr:<-><~ratie State convention of a de
parture from pure factionalism. The
npmiHTatp have not only countenanced .
it* tYlstencm, tnjt LaveneinphSiizedit in
the nrminatinn for Governor of a
man who. vhil^ Justice of the Supreme
Court, maintained his grasp upon the
party machinery of his county, mani
festing without semblance of re'serve a
wholly unjudicial, not to say injudi
cious, po'itiral activity. In which fac
tionalism was essentially Its chief char
acteristic. "Wherein such a nomination
can be expected to be promotive of
united party support or to entice the
support of voters of independent pro
clivities who desire a broad guberna
torial administration and adhere tena
doufly to the id<=-a of an untrammeled
Jufliciary will have to be left to the
Dem^rratic harmonizers of the Hill-
Murphy-McCarren stripe to explain."
The Evening Post has bolted the Her
rick tickeU
NEW YORK. SepL 2L— Republican
caragers In both the national and the
Ftat« committees make no attempt to
conceal their pleasure over Judge Her
ri rk's nomination by the Democratic
convention at Syracuse.
Chairman Cortelyou. while making no
ccrnrnent for publication, indicated that
h* believed the nomination of Judge
Hrrrirk xr&s the weakest the Demo
crats could have made.
Senator Platt chuckled when told
that Judge Herrick had been named by
the convention.
Fzrdtl r>l5y»tch to Tbe CalL
The immediate vicinity of the accident.
presented a horrible spectacle when
those In the neighborhood reached the
scene. The ground was strewn with
legs, arms and other portions of the
bodies of those who had been killed
and shrieks and groans came from the
writhing forms of the injured.
The police arrested Roy Fenton.
driver of an express wagon. Fenton.
It was learned, was carrying two fifty
pound boxes of dynamite on his wagon
and did not know until he reached the
express office that one of the boxe3
had dropped off. He hurried back in
the hope of picking it up. but the elec
tric car had reached the box first.
MELROSE, Mass., Sept. 21.— An out
ward bound electric car containing
thirty-two persons was blown to pieces
in this city to-night by striking a fifty
pound box of dynamite that had fallen
off an express wagon. Six perscr.3
were killed outright, three more died
of their injuries within an hour and
nineteen others were taken to the hos
pitals suffering from severe injuries. At
least a score of persons in the imme
diate vicinity of the explosion were
hurt by flying glass and splinters. The
following dead have been Identified:
DR. MALCOLM McLENNAN. Mel
rose Heights.
E. B. HAYNES. Melrose.
"WINFIELD ROWE, Saugus, Mass.;
motorman.
E. A. STOWE. South Boston.
FBED D. MARSHALL, Boston.
The. unidentified dead are three wom
en and a : 3-year- old "gtrl.
Edward A.- Waterhouse of Uelross
"suffered amputation of a foot and was
otherwise badly Injured. Dr. Perry of
Wakefleld, both legs broken: Mrs.
John Conway of Melrose. both legs
broken: George H. Andrews of Melrose.
received a compound fracture of the
left leg and his foot also was amputat
ed. All of these are likely to die.
So great was the force of the explo
sion that all but ten feet of the rear
portion of the car was blown Into small
pieces, while windows within a radius
of a quarter of a mile were shattered.
Independent Voters Not Attracted by
the Political Record of the
Albany Jurist
Six Passengers Killed, Several Fatally
Hurt and Fifteen Injured
in Explosion.
Ground for Many Yards Is
Strewn With Bits of
Human Remains.
nomination of Herrick for
Governor Pleasing to
Republicans.
Victor H. Metcalf, Secretary of ihe
Department of Commerce and Labor,
•was the guest of the business men of
California last evening at a -dinner
given In his honor at the Hotel St.
Francis.
Speeches of greeting were made by
representatives of the State of Califor
nia, the city of San Francisco and her
commercial organizations. Responses
to toasts were made in which Congress,
were equaled in warmth by the mani
festations from those who sat at the
tables below the platform. A more
hearty and genuine demonstration of
grood will, mingled with appreciation,
could not well be imagined. The ap
plause when Secretary Metcalf rose,
after the formal greetings had been
spoken, was prolonged and hearty. Men
of business and of affairs taxed their
lungs to shout approval.
At the speakers' table were ¦ George
A. Newhall, president of the Chamber
Hits Box of Dyna
mite Dropped on
Track.
Lose Their Chance
lor Victory in
New York.
Strong Showing Made in Speeches
Concerning Growing Local
Trade and Commerce.
DEMOCRATS
NAME WEAK
CANDIDATE
STREETCAR
IS BLOWN
TO PIECES
Splendid Gathering of Gommercial
Men Cheers President for
His Good Selection.
LOYAL CALIFORNIANS AT BANQUET RECOGNIZE HONOR BESTOWED
ON STATE BY APPOINTMENT OF VICTOR H. METCALF TO CABINET
THE WEATSIB.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours, ending:
mldnUrht. September 22:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy; probably lirht showers
Thursday; fresh southwest wind.
G. B. WILLSON,
Xiocal Forecaster,
Temporarily in chars;*.
.¦ ••' THE THEATEK3.
Alcazar — "Monban." K*tlae« to
day.
California — "Test ot the DTJr
bervillei."
Central — "Fallen by th» Wiy
side."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Wizard of Ox."
Fischer's — "Miss Maztuna."
, Grand— "Princess Fan Tan. 1 *
Majestic — "The Altar of Friend
ship." Matinee to-day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee.
Tlvoli — "The Serenade."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.HARRINGTON, Wash., ;Sept. 21.— Larry
Tierney, & young ¦ man. waa burned to death
In a fire which totally destroyed the Harrlng-
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21.— Alfred Seale
of Mayfield, who was nominated Mon
day by the Democrats for. Assembly
man in the Fifty-seventh District, has
declined the nomination.- Business in
terests requiring his entire time Is
given as *tn excuse. A. H, Eddy, whom
Seale defeated ...in the.- convention,
probably will.be put on the ticket.
Nomination Is Declined.
Daughter of Realty Agent Uncon
scious for Twenty-Four Hours as
t Result of Accident.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21. ; — Miss Marion
Darby, the 17-year-old daughter of
A. C. Darby, a local real estate agent,
has been unconscious for twenty- four
hours, the result of a fall from her
horse while riding yesterday. Her re
covery Is doubtful.
FALL FROM K—R HORSE
MAY KILL YOUNG GIRL
UKIAH, Sept. 21. — William Ellis,
who lives between- Eden -Valley, and
Hearst, lost a valuable team fo horses
in Block Lake, four miles north of
the last named place, Tuesday morn
ing while on his way to Willits. He
drove the horses into the lake to wa
ter them and they sank in the alimy
ooze. It was^ impossible to extricate
them and save their lives. The place
is well known to teamsters and is sup
posed to be bottomless.
iFarmer Loses Valuable Team He
Drives Into Lake to Quench
j Their Thirst.
HORSES SINK IN SLIMY
OOZE WHILE DRINKING
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 21. — Levis Brmton. ad
ministrator of th-e estate of Mrs. Marl*
Schwerln. yesterday' filed for probate a signed
will of the deceased, which he found In a
waste paper basket. It bears a date later
than that of the will heretofore filed.
STOCKTON', Sept. 21. — Napoleon Sabottrni.
a farmhand, was fatally Injured In a runaway
a short distance from this city this afternoon.
His sk;iM was crached and hts arms broken.
He was taken to the recelrln?; hospital, where
he a led st S:30 o'clock.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. — The fol
lowing Californlans are in the city:
At the St. James — George Spaldlnsr.
E. L. Hood and wife, Mrs. L. E. Me-
Henry and J. A. McGregor of San
Francisco. At the Raleigh — B. A.
Woolford. Los Angeles; James M.
Goewey Jr. and Herbert S. Goewey,
San Francisco.
Callfornlans hi Washington.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— The South
ern Pacific proposes to expend more
than $350,000 on new depots and other
station . improvements in the more im
portant points of this section of the
State within the next few months.
The most important work will be the
removal of the Arcade depot In this
city, on the site of which a thoroughly
modern passenger depot will be built
at a cost of $250,000. The offices of the
company now housed there will be re
moved to River Station, where a $50.
000 structure will be erected for use
both as a depot and for the local of
fices. A new depot to cost $20,000 will
be built at San Bernardino, and Long
Beach will get one costing $15,000.
Southern Pacific Will Expend More
Than $350,000 on New Depots
in South.
MANY IMPROVEMENTS
PLANNED BY RAILROAD
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. Sept. 21.—
An attempt to rob a mail box here this
afternoon was frustrated by the ap
pearance of a patrolman, who fright
ened three boy thieves away.
Their equipment, which they left
behind, consisted of a piece of thread
and a large grasshopper. The boys~
had been dropping grasshoppers into
the mail box, when the insect would
catch hold of a letter with its claws
and hang on while he was drawn to
the opening.
Appearance of Policeman Frustrates
Ingenious Attempt of Thieves to
to Steal Letters.
BOYS USE GRASSHOPPERS
TO ROB MAIL BOXES
DUBLIN, Sept. 21. — Irish National
ism is stirred to fresh activity by the
harsh campaign of the London Times
against home rule. Especial efforts
¦will be made to acquaint the people
with the Times* attitude and methods
of warfare. Nationalist newspapers
will use the situation to emphasize
the need of further organization and
more strenouos work to obtain for the
nation an all-Inclusive measure of re
form and self-government.
Campaign of the "Thunderer" Will
Have Effect of Increasing Home
Rule Sentiment.
LONDON TIMES' HARSH
ATTACKS STIR IRELAND
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.— Because it
is believed that foreign governments are
learning entirely too much regarding
the inside workings of the American
navy and are picking from the annual
reports of the bureau chiefs too much
Information which should be of a con
fidential character, a change will be
made this year in the preparation of
the annual reports, and much that
hitherto has been Included in these re
ports will be omitted. It also has been
decided to omit the unrevised estimates
of bureau chiefs.
Foreign Governments Are Learn
ing Too Much About Navy.
Department Reaches Conclusion That
BUREAU REPORTS WILIi BE
DRAWN WITH DISCRETION
No trace of the assassin have been
found and no stranger has been seen
around the tie'eamp. The wounded
man saw no one and did not know
from what direction the bullets came.
A 30 caliber rifle was used.
• UKIAH, Sept. 21. — Charles Turk
kola, a Russian employed on the
Caspar Lumber Company's ranch on
theWilllts road, was shot and proba
bly fatally wounded Saturday after
noon by a concealed assassin. Turk
kola was gathering apples and stand
ing on a ladder when the first shot
was fired. He was struck in the foot-
Before he could reach the ground
three other shots struck him. Wound
ed and bleeding, he crawled to the tie
camp four miles distant, from where
he was taken to Fort Bragg for treat
ment. Turkkola was unable to throw
any light on the situation. It is sup
posed that the assassin took him for
John Berry, owner of the tie camp,
• No trace of the assassin has been
done by some discharged employe.
Shot Four Times and Probably Fat
ally WomAled by a Concealed
k'X ; ?' X v Unknown. '
RUSSIAN FKUIT PICKER
IS VICTIM OF ASSASSIN
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21. — Under
special orders of the War Department
issued to-day Post Commissary Ser
geant William Hartlaub. Fort Mc-
Dowell. CaL, will be sent to Sequoia
National Park, Three Rivers, for duty.
Post . Commissary Sergeant Karl J.
Thompson will be- sent to Fort Rose
crans when his tour of duty at San
Diego Barracks expires. Major Wil
liam .O. Owen, surgeon, is relte»^<l
from duty in the Philippines division
and will proceed from the Presidio to
Fort Lofr-in. Colo. Post Quartermas
ter Sergeant Adelbert Hirte, San Diego
Barracks, will relieve Sergeant Oliver
Smith at Fort Rosecrans. Serjeant
Smith goes to Fort Bliss, Tex.
Orders issued by the Navy Depart
ment to-day assifrn Past Assistant Sur
geon F. E. McCullouph to the Pensa
cola. and duty at the naval training
station at San Francisco.
Charles A. Grimmer is appointed
postmaster at Pine Flat. Cal.
Army and Navy Dop»*Unents Issue
Orders Affecting Otliccrs on Duty
in Tills State.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— Numerous
additional applications have been re
ceived at the Navy Department for the
command of the North Atlantic Sta
tion, which will be vacant upon the re
tirement in March, 1905, of Rear Ad
miral Barker. no decision
has yet been reached, there is authority
for the statement that the name of
Rear Admiral Robley D. Evaps is now
prominently u under consideration. Ad
miral Evans is' now president of the
Lighthouse Board.
tions From Oflicers Who Would
Succeed Barker.
Navy Department Receives Applica-
MA>fY WISH TO COMMAND
NORTH ATLANTIC STATION
Dr. E. H. Woolsey, Phil M. Walsh. R.
Whltehead, J. J. Warner, William Wilson.
Charles N Walter. Ed Walter. W. H. Well
bye. H. G. Williams, J. S. Wlxon. W. H.
Wheeler J. A. Wl.ihart. Robert Watt, W. H.
Waste, Dr C. T. Walkerley. Brother William.
Hon. W. 8. Wells. J. T. Wallace. Dr. W. J.
Wllcox.
E. B. Smith, A. It. Schleuter, Fred Sinclair.
J. F. W. Sohst, Max Schlueter.
Samuel J. Taylor, P. S. Teller, Felton Tay
lor, Dr. C. L. Tlsdale. J. R. Talcott. J.
Tyirel, Dr. H. G. Thomas, James P. Taylor,
F. C. Turner E. R. Talt, H. C. Taft, Dr. J.
H. Todd.
E. P. Vandercook.
George W. Reed, Charles T. Rodolph, J. B.
Richardson, David Rutherford, -Thomas Rlclt
ard, John W.- Richards, I. I* Requa, George
Hi. . Randolph, Bernard Ransom, Byron Rut
ley, Phil Ros*nhelm, Frank Rtttlngsteln. J.
F. Reynolds, P^ W. Reardon, J. B. Reboli,
H. D. Rowe. C.' H. Redlngton. D. Rofcertson,
CD, Rogers, N. Rosenberg. .¦¦'.. .."¦-¦
Cralgle Sharp, A. M. Salinger, L. Schwartz.
Lewis Schafer. Charles A. Smith. H. M. San
bom, David Standeford,- C. R. Smith, George
M. -Shaw, Charles E. Snook, Georse Schmidt.
M. W. Simpson, Hon. F. S. Stratton,. Paul
Schafer, G. W. Scott E. J. Stewart, George
H. -Smith, A. J. Snyder C. C. Shlnnlck, Dr.
R. T. Stratton. J. L Stewart, Dr. Dudley
Smith, Dr. E. R. Sill, George W. Slayter,
W. B. Standeford, F M. Smith, A. P. Smith,
A. L. Ston.e. E. n. Stone. .Tudtse M. Smith,
Hon. F. B. Ogden, Fred Osgood.
W. G. Polmanteer. H.' A. Powell, W. Frank
Pierce, , Thomas C. Prather, W. S. Palmer, A
A. Pennnoyer, Dr. Loran Pease, Dr. W. S
Porter,' Edwin Pierce, B. H. Pendleton, Dr.
A. H. Pratt. ¦
James Moffltt, William Moller, John Mitchell,
G. W. McNear. F. K. Mott. Hon. H. A.
Melvln, J. C. McMulIen. W. J. Muthews, Ber
nard P Miller. J. E. McElroy. I. J. Muma,
George Mosbacher. M. Marcuse. James B
Merritt. E. H. Morgan, Dr. J. L. Mayon!
J. W. Mott, John Martens, E. F. Muller. J. A
Macklnnon. F. J. Moffltt, F. Muhr, Walter
Meese. Edwin Meese, Alex. McAdam, Sam
Bell MoKee. Robert MoKilllcan, C. F.. Mau
Rev. J. B. McNally, Rev. Father McSweeney,
Dr. J. Maher, Hon. J. G. Mattes. D. H.
Mclaughlin.
! H. H. North. James ' S. Naismlth. Dr. I.
E. Xlcholscl, Charles Nelson.
Hon. W. E. Greene, S. T. Gage, W M
Gaseaway. R. P. M. Greeley, W. W Garth
w ll ,? t; J - C- G«8°n. G. H. Gray, Edwin Good
all, iu. M. Gibson, Herman Gard, H Gloy J
R, Glancock, C. B. Gould. Dr. J. S Greene
A. K. Grim. H. F. Gordon. ,,'
tt^I- ?' Henshaw, -T. W. HarrU, Hon. S. P.
Hall. A. C. Henry, Hugh Hogan, Hugh Ham
ilton Frank C. Havens, P. X. Hanrahan, M.
T. Holcomb, Carey Howard, J. L. Howard Dr
Herrlck, George Hoffman, George W.. U»'wcll
J. A. Hill. W. P. Hoqk, F. C. Howe, C. g!
Hardy, C. F. Homer, L. J. Hardy F. M
Hathaway. Mr. Humphrey.
J. D. Isaacs.
Elmer E. Johnson, M. Jonas, J. B Jordan
Charles Jurgcns. Dr. M. L Johnson.
J. R. Knowland. J, C. Kline, M. J. Keller
C. H. King, Dr. W. W. Kergan, Albert Kay
»er, Henry Kahn, Charles Kuerzel. C. W
Klnsey, R. S. Kitchener. W. F. Keley, Jo
seph M. Kelley, Dr. Myra Knox, George
Kemmer, Charles Kahler, Newton Koser.
J. B. Lanktree. Hon. F. W. Leavltt, Hon.
G. R. Lukens, Hon. F. A. Leach, J. C. Lynch,
E. Lehnhardt, Walter E. Logan, William J.
Laymance, F. J. Lea, I. C. Lewis. ¦ William
Lang, M. Lesser.-
Maurice Flynn G. W. Fisher. George E.
Fairchild, F. M. Ferguson, G. T. Forsyth F
M. Farwoll, J, Flbush, P. M. Fisher j' E.
Farnham. Dr. A. A. Fine, Rabbi M.' Fried
lander, A. W. Fiedler. Dr. N. K. Foettr
George Fitzg-erald.
W. R. Davis. G. E. d« Golia, W. E. Dargie
G*orge W. Dornin, T. T. Dargle. G B Dan
iels. E. M. Derby. S. M. Dodge, J. L. Da vie
D. L. Diamond, J. C. Downey, Robert Dalzlel
Jr., C. G. Dodge H. P. Dalton.
Guy C. Earl, Wallace Everson, A. H. Elliott
J. « . • Evans, L. S. Esmolls, Henry Evers F.
G. El ben. '
Fred A. Campbell, C. W. Childs B C
Cuvellier. Fred Clift, W. H. Chickerin'g. C L
Crellln. K. W. Church. D. E. Collins. Thomas
$T :1 X ln -i.h s - C 11 ?" 111 *• H " Chamberlain, H.
D. Cushlng. Dr. D. D. Crowley, Francis Cut
ting. John P. Cook. A. D. Copiln, Clarence
Crowell. l'aul Carroll. J. L. Charaplln D C
Coward. Charles Cotton. T. C. Crawford. John
r . Ccnners. >
Hon. J. N. Bliss. J. P. Burke, A. W.Bor
den, J. J. Burk. James B. Barber, T L
Barker. John A. Britton, J N. Bishop G W
Bacon, J. C. Bates, A. H. "Breed, W. j. Bac
cus Everett J. Brown. Anson S. Blake, J. L.
Barker, P. E. Bowles, Frank Bar net, Uev. E.
L. Baker, Colonel George Babcock. Stuart W
Booth, FreU liecker. I. A. Beretta W A
Boole. Henry A. Butters. Dr. G. E. Brlncker
hoff. F. L. Button. Colonel J. L. Bromley
Dr. E. J. Boyes. Harmon Bell. R. A. Bray)
Hubert Bryant, L.G. Burpee. II. M. Brlare
D. C. Brown. M. Bock, C. H. Butler J N
Bonham. W. H. Uucholz '
Executive committee: Board of Trade H
C. Capwell (chairman), Edwin Stearne, Theo.
Gler; Merchants', Exchange— A. Jonas Gvorge
>v. Arper, . C. J. Heeseman; Union League —
M. C. Chapman. George V. Metealf. James A.
Johnson ;• Fred M. Campbell eecretary
Honorary vice " presidents— United States
Senator Thomas K. Bard; Congressmen J. N.
w!lv, ttCr " SfeS^SS&f^ Bel1 ' *¦ ¦ J - Llvernash.
A\iniam J. Wynn. James C. Needham. James
McLachlan. • M."JL> Daniels " ¦" • >
'Vice presideritaf-J; 1 J. Allen, Edeon Adanjs,
8. ; Anderson. Jules Abrahamson, O. R. Allen,
Dr. Frank Adams. Rudolph Auerbach G E
Altken. ' • • ¦ '
The official list of officers of the
meeting was announced to-day as fol
lows:
'Temporary chairman— A. Jonas, president
Merchants' Exchange.
Chairman of: the .' evening — United States
Senator George. C.. Perkins.
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf— Dear Sir: You are
hereby respectfully invited to attend a citiiens'
reception to be held at the Macdonough Thea
ter, Oakland, on the evening of September '-1,
11HM, given in honor of your promotion to the
office of Secretary of Commerce and Labor.
Merchants' Exchange — A. Jonas Theo Gler,
George \V. Arper; Board of Trade— H. C.
Capwell, Edwin Stearns, C. J. Heeteman;
Union League — M. C. Chapman. George D.
Metcalf, James A. Johnson; Fred M. Camp
bell, secretary.
Committees Are Selected arid Home
Town Will Givi? Hearty Welcome.
-OAKLAND, Sept 21. — The recep
tio*h to the Hon., Victor H." Metcalf,
Secretary of the Department of Com
merce and Labor, to be held at the
Macdonough Theater to-morrow even
ing, wiir.be distinctly a home and a
non-partisan affair. It -will be a token
of the esteem and regard that the peo
ple of Oakland have for the latest
member of the Cabinet. Mr. Metcalf
ia an Oaklarider who has grown up
with this community; he has made
himself a part of Oakland und has
done much for its advancement.
The committee that has had charge
of the arrangements for the reception
has extended an invitation to Mr. Met
calf, the ipvitation being engraved
upon a plate of gold weighing three
ounces. It reads:
OAKJLAXD RDCEFTIOX READY.
When the Merr-hants' Association got back
of the new charter it took a solemn oath that
it would ct&nd up for the civil service fea
ture cratained In It (prolonged cheers). The
other organizations, through the majority of
their members, belong to the Merchants' As
bo< iaticn. which is therefore jrretter than any
one of them. We outnumber all the rest. Our
lourdatioriF were laid' so well and strong
fay Oi« rev«r»d F. W. Dohrmann that you all
look to the Merchants' Association to s«e that
*v<.ry man phal! he entitled to cast his own
hor.e«t vote: and th* scoundrel who votes an
other man's name eball. as long as there are
ciation that they are no worse. When you
*:k advertising fences twenty to forty feet
liisrh j-^a may thank the Merchants' Associa
tion that they nr- n«t 100 feet high.
For ths fortunate city of Oakland and the
lee* fortunate parts of tbe State of Califor-
Cja it fcj my privilege to extend greeting* in
l-fcalf of the commensal orr&nizatlona of the
eltjr of ?tn Franciiwc and of the State. Our
lojnciercial orginlzationn do not always unite
< -r. & c*n«iiaate Tor office, but in this Instance
a higher power has made th<» appointment and
«<• rotrr here to conliiiljy Indorse the action.
When the commerce of the Pacific Ocean
comes in through th» Golden Gate It needs
*oa;e gliding hand. We look for that guld
mz£*> to the Chamber of Commerce of San
J'rar.'-.sco. The president of the Chamber of
r.i»r.ir<!7re. without losing a pound of his
weight r,r acj of hi« good nature. Fitting in
hit ornre, has directed that all these ships
thall pass in and out of the port of San Fraa
cibco (Uughter). The first vessel that goes
out to mt+l the ship* Is sent by the Mer
chant*" Exchange and It takea out news. After
the veass! arrives in port all the traffic is
carried on by Mr. Watlcins of the Baa Fran
olfco Itoard of Trade. Then the State Board
of Trade takes the matter up and extends
it bark into th* irtertor of the State and the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association ex
tends it farther and shows what can be done.
" i»rn we have the Merchants' Association,
T.hich it organlxeii. not for commercial traJflc.
but for good citizenship. It started Its canw
as a modeel street sweeper. When you pase
ever the streets of San Francisco and see
how smooth and beautiful th«y arc (laugh
trr) you have to thank the Merchants' Asso-
Frank J. t?;nimes received a great
dr;al of applause on his own account
when he rose to speak for the com
mercial organizations and extended
?v<?eting;s and congratulations in their
behalf. He hm not able to proceed
immediately. When the tumult died
down he began somewhat humorously.
The substance of a part ot his speech
is as follows:
Mr. Secretary. Kan Francis-o rejoice* in
>our a^fJintment. she has confidence in your
ration. «<he hss »^-eat hopes. baf=i>d upon your
cCBcial policy, and *he trufti> that when the
ttory of h«r i-ojnsr.ercia! glory shall hereartrr
b« ivriUfii (herf shall be emblazoned on some
rf its illumined peses the r.arne of the pT*s
rot Kecrftary of the Bureau cf tVimsit-rce and
J^ibor. the friend of San Francisco and of all
t'ulifarnia. the hifh type cf a true American.
And *rhii*r I trust and have every reason to
hop* that th's proolem will never ho paswd
<p to him from San Francl«.co. I am con
vnrnj that Mr cffieial action will at al! tlmw>
l^ «urh a* to 4-presd the light, evoke the con-
BOenpf and enlist the adherence of both tide*
or thii imi>ort2nt ijcestion.
problem of the relations between capital and
labor, employer and omj.Ioye, bo often unhap
pily strained, and sometimes not met dispaF
tionat'Iy or with entire fairness, we are fatis
tird that this prol»>m will l.e m^t and <i«*aK
v ith !)}¦ him in faimot>a snd with honesty and
:rt< Iligeno*.
And frcm hi» character as a man. from h!.
e-dueation. from hts cordial sympathies, from
his conservative line of thought, we are satie
<!cd that tvtvn the great problem of t>» «iar
fcrall confront him. that problem wtik-i #r> «f
l<ct* «--.eiy :ndivi'".ua! In the corui'UilT. tli<»
Tfc« crest rrcLtau cf tb* building up ol an
Air.cri-ai merchant marine. In American bot
toms ar.d manned by Ainericnn *r-amen. Till
EOISM before him. It will be largely for him to
*v:rgo*! ti:e : ¦ «n- by T»hii'!i the American
f.»K r-;!! one* again float over American r;er-
Chantmesi bo tverv port and en »vcry sea. It
¦trill be largeiy :n his pjwer to say what sha'.l
I* th»> re/rutali^ns wWli bring ta th<* highest
rtsndand of a resp^eiahle civilization the lives.
th« conduct said the treatment of the Amen
ten *aijor. whose upbuilding and the beuei
nent of who«o caieer will m»-an wo much to a
*t«j.ori J ; k<= cuis.
And then ihr great r.roblenis fraught with
such Intd'tat to Fran>-tscn. which will
rnc.*sorily arite, he the pe.»ple of thii= country
shall comr*t<" w.lh other nntlcriE of the earth
thrrujh the ofcenira; of the Panama canal, will
• im rail for ciear judgment, honest thocrcht
rn<1 flim determination, and r.o city will stand
In morr ne^d cf a yteaiy, firm, courageous and
al'ie man at the h«-lm than will San Francisco.
But the m«n for the hour, for the n«-?ds of
Bca Francisco, stu at this table, and. with the
enfldence wa all have in him. we know that
cur in!-:r«ts trill be safe.
tin-it Seeta cf cur merchant marine may «lot
thin nlrr.ost i!miti«»ss o.-fan with their spread
ing «a.!e. or curiing Etnok*. . .
Every dpv^lopme::t will preset ;. new phase
It th» consldej-asion not only of the people 01
F.in K;frnriRio but of the cffieial into whose
hBS4a U*s President has entri:«p(i the suprr
vis-lon aad t-upeiinltniene of these immense
A rnt-r<c*u !r.ter»*t!>. He will be. Called uj-on to
6^1 »r. •tint- or e<1v:.s» u;>on many an intricate
qSMBtiOa upon the answer to which dppfnds the
hj.-ts* or th* taiiure «..f »•.¦»»}' a commercial
bepe.
iBAntml rptobumi which may confront us
:¦ '.lie days about to cr>m<\ all of which our
!.. u <"*iiinet officials may be called upon to
fc.l\c or to' dcvtlcfi.
The cr»ning of th«* vast nation* of tlic J-ar
1 :!ft ta new enterprise ari'l to a nfi'T civi.-
IzaiiOCI will open the first doors of opportunity
14 faji Franciscan trade' The expansion ot
.vr.MTican «.or.tr"l and government to the
i :*:iis of the ocean the Tenitf-ry of HawaU
end the islands of th* Philippines hold forth
Mtaxlns; picmittt i>f brilliant prospect tor tr.e
:: fcnufkrturir.g and mercantile rlemcnts cf our
iieat citv.
;'.i j v.i:h California, and • > s>pec!al!y one whc.
:•¦>:?!! rts^dent of our sister city across the
U>. (a in all «-««»"DUal« at the s^cie time a
;;• oJ .-na FrancUrcan.
What this may mean can readily be appre
<¦ :Ac'l when we consider til* ccrr.m<Tf!al and
U'e tit\e botn for years cant In California,
v. li<-!£e mind and »Iki?« spirit have been ident-
F. H. Beaver, C. 8. Benedict. P. A. Ber
gerot. Dr. Rupert Blue, John Benningham Jr..
M. A. Breuss, George C. Boardman, H. H.
Brann,\ Hon. Theodore A. Bell. . Alfred P.
Black, Frank L.. Brown, Joseph EL Baker,
C. F. Bassett, W. H. Beatty, C. H. Bentley,
Hon. C. M. Belshaw. Harmon Bell.
L. I. Cowgill. Douglass Cushman, :J. C.
Campbell, D. Edward Collins, . W. F. Cordes,
R. H. Countryman, C. N. Champion. Warren
D. Clark. J. Parker Currier, R. H., Chamber
lain, George E. Carter. Joseph P. Chamber
lain, J. \. Cowdery. George D. Cooper, A.
Cheesebrough, H. C. Cantwell, W. B. Cope.
W. G. Dodd, E. G. Dennlston," Frank R.
Devlin. W. B. Danrie, C. W. Dorr, F. G.
Dnimm, M. H. .de Tounsr. D. DryBdale, " I.
Dannenbaum. W. J. Dutton.
D. W. Darl,- F. D. English, B. Everett,
Wendell Eaaton, Wallace Everson.
Henry ¦ F. Fortmann.' Edwin ¦ H. Fowle,
Christian Froellch. Tlrey L. Ford, T. C.
Friedlander, John E- Farnum. - Arthur G,
Flsk. Marshall A. Frank, A. W.- Foster, R.
M Fitzgerald, Col.' Jesse B. Fuller, James C.
H Ferguson, M. J. Fontana, L. M.' 1 Fletcher.
Charles S. Fee. Frank Fowden.
Mark I*. Gerstle, B. M. Greenway, M. A.
Gunst. E» F. Green, * Richard, H. Gray, Theo
Gler William L. Gerstle, Thomas R. Graham,
W. C. Graves. Cfeorge D. Gray. J. R. Glascock,
W* S* Green, Charles F. Green, Charlas M.
Go'rhara, Eugene Goodwin, Hart Greensf elder,
W. M. Gassaway, Dr. John Endlcptt Gardner,
Carl ton W." Greene.
E H Heacock. B. A. Hubbard, Charles
Hlrseh, Rudolph" Herold Jr., M. R. Higglns,
W B. Hamilton. E. Heller, 8. W. Heller, J.
Hutchinson. Joseph Haas, Charles, R. Havens,
C. J. V. Heeseman, Georre Hammer, J. B..
Havre, P. C. Hale. A. B. Hunt, F. C- Havens,
T Seymour Hall. William P. Humphreys,
Hon. F. W. Henshaw. 'Joseph .
John P. Irish. John P. Irish Jr. _ ¦
John M. Klein; Fred J. Koster.' Charles W.
Kellogg; Captain George F. Kutx. u. S. N.;
W W. Kaufman. Edward H. Klttrldge, Wal
ter T. Kellogg. A. D. King. U M.-.IClng. E. G.
Knapp, Julius Kaba. Samuel Knight, Herbert
Kullman. - . - ¦ ¦ "_-' ; ' •' '•. :¦
E. R. LilienthaJ, Franklin K. " lAne, Isaac
Uebes, Augustus t»ta. 8. M. Levee, Charles
A." Laton. J. J. Lermen, : William P. ; Lawlor,
John a Lynch, Hon. J. J. Luchsioger, Frank.
J. W. Amratn, Henry Ach, George N,
Armsby. George W. Arper, Hon. Alden An
derbon. . ~ ¦.
In this part of the exercises Toast
master Newhall proposed that thd
health of President Roosevelt, who
appointed Secretary Metcalf, . should
be drunk standing. The greetings were
concluded by three cheers for the, Sec
retary of the Department of Commerce
and Labor. The event was entirely
successful from beginning to end.
The following were present at the
banquet: .
At the close of the Secretary's
speech the audience again compli
mented him by rising and cheering.
Following these ceremonies there
were responses to toasts. United States
Senator George C. Perkins-- t-esponded
to "Congress" and took occasion to
pay tribute to the efficiency and ser
vices of Secretary Metcalf. Congress
man Needham spoke to the toast of
"Central California." He also highly,
complimented the services of Mr. Met
calf when he was a Representative on
the floor of Congress. The final re
sponse was made by Fairfax H. Whee-.
Ian to the toast "Commerce) and
Labor." ; v :¦:' . .. .. ; ¦> ?.. '
I was much gratified when In St. Louis to
find t^at the men in charge of the exhibits
from the various counties in this State were
working harmoniously and doing all that lay
In th-»lr power to advance and promote the
business interest* and the Industries of the
entire State. There was no "knocking," no
attempt to build up cne county at the ex
pense of another, but an earnest desire to
have those visiting that wonderful fair see all
that could be seen of California's magnificent
and diversified products; and I would like to
Bee the same good feeling and the same good
fellowship existing between the business mn
of the Pacific States and Territories. Nevada,
Oregon and Washington are our neighbors.
They want many of our products and we want
many cf theirs. Jf there is any rivalry, let It
be of a irlendly character; let there be no
"knocking," but honest business competition
and rivalry; for, as California grows. and de
velops, eo will these States grow and develop,
for there is room and opportunity for us all.
We are far away from the centers of trade
and from the centers of population, but we
have in California a most magnificent citizen
ship, second to none in the United States.
We have great wealth, we have men of great
business capacity, of indomitable energy and
pt-rsevvrance and Inventive genius. We are
but in the dawn ot our prosperity, and it is
altncst impossible to predict what our future
will be. And now Just a few words more in
conclusion:
SPIiENDID CITIZENSHIP.
The building of the Pacific railroads In "65
put California, to a certain extent, in touch
with the rest of the United States, and our
commercial and industrial progress dates from
that event. The building of the Panama canal
will put California In . touch with all the
world and our second commercial growth will
date from the hour of its completion. Hither
to the Atlantic has been the commercial ocean,
and the Atlantic seaport cities of our country
have grown Into a commerce surpassing that
which. Venice was five centuries In achieving.
We may fairly expect that the time has come
when the port of Ban Francisco, Instead- of
being sixth or Mventh In rank In the. United
Ptate*, will have grown to the second; perhaps
even the first. In the volume and value j of
Its outgoing and incoming commerce. ¦
What we need is markets for our products
and cheap rates In order to market those
ptoducts. Practically half of the population
of the world is on the Pacific Ocean. This
magnificent body of water covers nearly one
fourth of the earth's surface, and the Imag
ination of man can hardly conceive what the
future has in store for us. For, as haa been
wcl! B aid by the man who is, In my Judg
ment, the most eminent diplomat in the world,
John Hay, "the diplomacy of McKlnley and
Roosevelt has been directed principally to
our present and future interests in the Pa
cific, on whose wide shores so much of the
world' h work is to be done." The open-door
policy has come to China, the empire of Japan
•ha« developed into a world power, the Hawai
ian Islands have been annexed, giving us con
trol of the most Important coaling station in
the Pacifls. and the Philippine Islands, rich
beyond imagination In tholr natural resources
and trade ix)fct>il>llities, have dn>pj>ed into our
l>cs*-esyion as by a dispensation of providence.
And now another change Is pending, pregnant
with still greater possibilities for the future
development of our State.
For the Panama canal Is now an assured
fuct, and It will not be many years /before this
great project, the dream of the most eminent
statesmen of the world for a century or more,
will be an assured fact. What the cutting
or the Panama canal will ultimately mean
ta the Pacific Coast and the harbor of Ban
Francisco and Oakland we cannot measure
ev«n *n imadnatlon.
NEED OF MARKETS.
San Francisco imported in 1S70 goods to the
value of $15.US2.&4D, and in luftt goods to the
value cf $UU.40i,2x!. Pugfct Sound,- on the
other hand, in 1ST0 imported pwkIh to the
value of ?."H.7S7, and in l'.HKJ goods to the
value of $il2.U7,2«:t. San Francisco in 1870
exported goods to the value of $13,004,781; and
in 1003 goods to the value of $33,5O2,eiC. Puget
found in 1S70 exported iroods to the value of
$1^7,W»i>, and in l'.RC her experts were of the
value of $32,-l»0,82S. a remarkable Increaee.
and aw increase showing the wonderful de
velopment of that magnificent State and the
push and energy of its enterprising business
me-n. One reasjn for the falling off in San
Francisco's tx^orts and imports is ihe fact
that Hawaii was admitted as a territory of
the Union, and since lSDu the trade with the
Hawaiian Islands has not been included cither
in imports or exports, for Hawaii Is now a
collection district. One of the main reasons,
l>erhar>s. for ttc great increase in the exports
from Pugct Sound is the fact that large quan
tities of unmanufactured cotton are shipped
from that section.
.In 11HW over 4U.U47.4SO uounds were tshlpped
from Puset Bound, and from Kan Francisco
but 10,900,471 pounds. The experts from Puget
Sound, however, during lfKVi were nearly three
times the imports, while the exports frum San
Franclaco during the Mune period were nearly
three millions less than the imports. Califor
nia, so to speak, has not kept up with the
procession when It cornea to the question of
exports, for during the period ffcm 175)0 to
February 2S, 1S07, the excess of exports over"
imports in the United States, was $345,878,010.
While during the neriod from March I, 1897,
to March 31. 1UO4. the excess of exports of
merchandise over imports of merchandlna was
$l,017.u75.U77. California, according to the
figures, took no part In this most wonderful
increase, for the imports at San Francisco
for the years ISO" to 11)03, Inclusive, were
$^57,5a;»,112, while the exports during ihe same
period were $257,737,020, or the excess of ex
ports of merchandise over imports of aonly
S10S.50S. But, poor a.s this showing is, I con
fidently look forward to a more hopeful and
promising future.
OUR GREAT COMMERCE.
Clark sailed tlie splendid battleshlo Oregon
over 11, W0 miles from ocean to ocean in time
to participate in the battle at Santiago, and
in the quickest time that any warship ever
made In .so long a cruise. ,",r
• Already we can meet all of ' the require
ments of our commerce, whether for shlos of
wood or iron.. And In this ¦ particular Indus
try, to use the language cf the street, we will
pet take a back Beat for any of the States
is the Union or for any country on the face
of the (lobe. ' The most magnificent demon
stration of the quality and character of the
jblps we can build was . given when ' Captain
We stand first In the manufacture of beet
sugar and. owing to our nearness to the
Hawaiian Islands and their supply of raw ma
teriel, we have pushed ourselves to the fifth
rank in cane sugar refining. We produced in
the State of California in 1800 lumber and
timber of the value of *13.784,Gi7, and of this
amount the sixty-six mills of Humboldt and
ilendocino counties produced redwood lumber
ar.d shingles of the value of $4,665,636.
We stand first in the value of explosives,
the value of the Droduct being (4,283.818. We
rank first In the production of quicksilver,
most of the production of the United States
coming frcm our State. Practically all of the
borax produced In the United States comes
frsm California, and the value of this product
for 1902 was $2,370,694. In 1902 there were
over 5979 single track mileage of steel rail*
ways in California and 830 miles ¦ of eleotric
railways. We rank third among the States of
the Union in shipbuilding, and are only sur
passed by, the great States of • New York and
Pennsylvania.
VARIED PRODUCT'S.
But striking and gratifying as this agri
cultural development is. we have achieved
even greater things In manufactures. The
manufacturing development of the United
States Is the most remarkable chapter in the
world's history, and we citizens of California
have a right to think that the most, remark
able par* in this remarkable chapter is that
which records the industrial: history of our
own State. There is mucb about it which can
nowhere be equaled. It has been sul generis
along lines determined by our peculiar 'and
isolated location, the distinctive result of our
own natural resource*. PhuB off, from 2 the
great markets of the country by trans
continental distances, largely dependent upon
ourselves for supplies, paying higher wages
than are paid anywhere else? handicapped by.
the excessive cost of fuel until the past year
or two, handicapped also by a lack of many
Important raw ¦ materials, w« have pushed
steadily forward until we have made ourselves
more nearly self-sustaining, more completely
Independent of other people, than any country
In the world. Nature has done much for us,
but -we huve done quite as much for ourselves.
With an Invested capital, of- $206.3M,025, we
produced In the year 1900 a manufactured
product of the value of $302,874,701. • But,
gratifying an this may be, there are much
brighter prospects for the development of our
manufactures In tha future. As I said before,
we have beea . handicapped In the past by tha
excessive cost of fuel, but with the discovery,
of fuel oil and the remarkable long distance
transmission of electrical energy, we bid fair,
before long, to take first rapk as a manu
facturing State. When I say to "you to-night
that three and a half barrels of fuel oil are
equivalent to a ton of the best Welch anthra
cite coal, you can readily understand, taking
into consideration the present market valuo
of this oil. what this means from a manu
facturing- standpoint. During the year 1902.
according to bulletin No. 9 of the I>cpartment
of Commerce and l^ahor. we produced In the
Slat* of CaUfornia 13.964.268 barrels of oil,
containing forty-two gallon* to the barrel. But,
owing to the discovery of new fields and the
sinking of many new wells, the output for
the year 1904 will more than double that of
1902, thus placing us ahead of Indiana and
making us the fourth State In the production
of petroleum.
MANUFACTURING PROGRESS.
In th< meantime our other resource*, which
pri.mtee a more substantial and satisfactory
basis of prosixnty than mining alone could
ever supply have been developed through the
energy, the" enterprise and push of our citl
ztn?. and to-day the value of our agricultural
aii«i manufactured products is more than fi»
ti-en times the value of our mining products,
ii.cluulng petroleum. We rank seventh of the
a-.atea In farm area, having more than -S.0O0.
<X«' acres of land under cultivation. In 1900
C-lifornia realized from *er farms and or
chards over H18.O00.U0O. and of the flls.COO.-
Uiu thus produced over $2S,000,COO. or nearly
24 per cent, consisted of fruits alone, and
comprised seven-eighths of all of the sub
tioptcal fruits grown in the United States.
But perhtps it might not be annas to give
you some figures showing the products of our
California farms and orchards. At one tune
California was the great wheat-growing State
of the Union, but we have been gradually sur
pass*.! by other State*, and from a produc
tion of 45.097.195 bushela In 1S»6 we fell to
20.920.132 bushels in 1903. Th« State of
Washington la running us a close, race. In
1S82 Washington produced 2, +40. 000 , bushels
of wheat and In 1003 she produced in.9S0,343
tu»hcls— almost the eame quantity that was
produced in the State of California. California,
however. «tand» first In the States of the
Union in the production of barley, and she
stands pre-eminently first in the production of
all of the sub-tropical fruits. We can pro
duce In this Stats t.11 of the raieins consumed
tn the United States.
In 1S70 we produced about J200 boxes of
raisins, of the value of thirteen hundred odd
dollar* and In 1903 we produced 5.»>00,(XiO
boxer, 'of the value of I5.58B.5O0. In 1SS3 we
produced 1.6U1.019 bushels of peaches, or 4.<J5
per c<-nt of all the peaches produced in the
United States; but in 1S99 we produced 8.5G.1,
427 bushels, or 65.49 per cent of all of the
peaches produced in the United States. In
1SK9 we produced 5,632,036 bushels of plumo
and prunes, or about C5 per cent of all of the
plums and prunes produced in the United
States; 1.1)12.825 bushels of pears, or 28.87 per
cent of all of the pears grown in the United
States; 3.882.193 boxes of oranges, or 05.32
per cent of all of the oranges grown in the
United .States; 874,300 boxes of lemon*, or
9U.70 per cent of all of the lemons grown in
the United States; and nuts cf the value of
il, 441, 137. or 74 per cent of all of the nuts
grown in the United States.
California to-day in the greatest grape
growing State in the Union. In 1900 there
were 187 establishments engaged in the pro
duction of vinous liquors, and the value of
the product was $3,037,871. We are the first
wine State in the Union, and our wines are
of so high a quality and eo rare a flavor that
they compare favorably with the choicest vint
ageH of Europe. So, too. we have taken the
first rank among the States of the Union
in the great modern industry of fruit and
vegetable cannong, and over thirteen million
dollars' worth of these fruits go Into cans
every year.
DKVELOPIXG RESOURCES.
any funds In the treasury, or any vitality in
the association, be followed to the bitter end
ire;>eated cheers).
Now, Mr. Sc-cretary, we congratulate you
on your appointment. And we aVk you, upon
your return to Washington, to convey to the
President the best will and «?ntiment of the
con:mercial organization?, with the assurance
of indorsement by tbla community and with
expressions of conliUeate in juu and him.
This ended the formal congratula
tions and greetings. Toastmaster New
haU, introducing Secretary Metcalf,
mereJy mentioned his name. The
Secretary was complimented by the
audience standing, cheering, waving
handkerchiefs and drinking his health.
Hf was evidently pleased and at once
began his response.
SECRETARY SPEAKS.
The address of Secretary Metcalf
v.as. in full, as follows:
There Is nothing that warms a CaJlXornian's
heart so much as a California greeting, and
rtich a greeting: I have received to-night at
your hands. 1 appreciate your courtescy; I ap
preciate this evidence cf ycur good will and I
appreciate the epirit that has animated you
in assembling here. I thank you lur this
¦rcSeOHML this more than cordial reception, and
especially do I thank you for th* opportunity
U.ua afforded me of saying sumething to you
concerning the resources of our t^tate, it!"
growth and development and the bright pros
pects that are ;n *tore for it in the lulure.
The development cf California in the past
has been rao?t remarkable, perhaps more so
than the development of any other State in
thi Union. Our commonwealth, which was
the thirty-flrst of the forty-flve Stale* tn the
order cf admission to the Union, now Ftands
twenty-first m population, fourteenth in value
of agricultural product* and twelfth in valuo
of manufactures, and there 1* no Stato In
the Union with a population approximately
«-i,ual that approaches us In the value of the
products of farm and factory combined.
For a long time after the discovery of gold
upon the Pacific Coast CaUfornia was regarded
by the rest of the world as a great mining
cj.mp, d?pen<5e.nt chiefly upon her output of
geld and silver for a growth, which wa*
sometimes stigmatized as mushroom in its
character. But recent years have changed all
that. The mining camp Ion? since became a
settled and prosperous community whose varied
activities extend into all fields of industry,
and the reputation of our State no longer rests
st k-iy upon the products of its mines. In
ched as a producer of precious metals Colo
rr.do' now far outranks us. producing almost
twice as much gold and silver as we do. In
l:>0^ /our mines produced about 51«,i9-..OW
woith of gold, constituting over oo»-Mtn o. the
product of the United Statf*. and tae total
pi eduction of our State from the year in
which gold began to be produced in commer
cial quantities t* the present time is about
$l.SS4.tK)0.W<0, whirh i* 54.4 per cent, or more
than one-half of the total value ot all of the
gold that has been produced in the United
State*.
Byron Mauzy, Captain Jefferson" 'F. Mosef,
Gavin McXab. Charles C. Moore, "William
Mooser, John McNaught' John J. Mahony; Dr.
W. F. McNutt. Hon. William "W.- Morrow,
Georjre W. McNear Jr A. F. Morrison, Hon.
Victor H. MetcaU. George D. .Metcalf, James
Mi'.N'ab. ' i
Henry £>. Nichols, E. W. Newhall, . Captain
Charles Xtlson, Hon. J. C. Needham, George A.
Newhall. . - '"* '
E. P. Osborn.
Stafford H. Parker Hon. George C.
Perkins. W. D. PennycooK,! E.— B." Potter,
G. M. Perine, Kdjcar Painter, Hon. George C.
Pardee, Whitney PaJache B. J. Pringle. . I
W. C. Ralston, Thomas 'Klckard. P. C*
Rossi, E. H. RlxJord. Charles F. Rodolph, A.
Kuef, Captain John H. Kinder. BV W. Richardi
son. ."'..:¦ ' ' . .
Ben Schloss, Henry T. Scott, Andrea"Sbar
boro, F. S. Stratton J. ¦ Stern. William R.
Schultz. William Sproale, A- -M. Suitton, Hon;
Eugene K. SChmltz I-Vank H. Short. George
Stone, Edwin Steams. 'A. II. Schlueter, J. J.
Schutz. H. . H. . Sherwood, . Leon Slos*. I^ouls
Slows. Frank J. Symmes Charles II, Sherman,
Chauricey M. St. John,' Ansley K- Salz, WU
lium It. Sharp. • ' ¦ .
H. H. Taylor, William Thomas. Charles D.
Taylcr. W. B. Tubbs, A. G. Towne. {~:\. : - ¦:¦';
Henry P. Umbsen
W. C. Van Fleet'. r>r. Veckl. R. : R. Veal*.
William M. Well, E M. Walsh,. "Wilbur I.
Wilson, W. H. Wellbye. J. B. ' "Williams',
George W. Wlttm'an, A. W. WilBon.'.Drr James
V» r . Ward, Hon. W. J. Wynn, A. A. Watklns,
F. H. Whe«l?.n,~ Thomas P. Woodward, Jamei
Whttcly, W. B. Wightman. Churles E. Wilson,
William Wolff. Frank V. Wright.
F. B. Zahm. . . •..-.: ,'
A. Leach, J. V. Levison. ' Davis ' Louderbaeh,
Hon. E. J. Llvernasb Frederick B. Lake,. P.
N. Lllienthal. ' ; .
Continued From Pa*re 1, Column 0.
Great Array of Facts and Figures Is Massed by the Chief of De
partment of Commerce and Labor to Do Justice to Enterprise
and Success of the Citizens of a Prosperous Commonwealth
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 190A.
2
FHEE FKKK FKKE
A two.jKnuMl 'package of
PlLLS13IJK\ r ;S VITOS
The choicest product of the best
wheat in the world.
Made by the millers of Pills-
Imry's Uest Flour.
A .single package will prodnce
12 pounds of. delicious food.
FREE 'WITH WANT/ADS.
See announcement on classified
pace..
PR. PIERCETS REMEDIEC.
THE GUARDIAN OF OUR BODY.
The foremost biologist of our day,
II. MetschnikoST, has. shown the world
of science that there are leucocytes in our
blood that act as scaTengers or policemen.
These policemen which are called phago-
cytes look oct for tbe noxious or poisonous
elements in ocr blood. Various offending'
elements are picked oat of the blood and
tissues by these policemen and destroyed.
Therefore our lives are protected by
rhewr blood-cell : policemen, the phagocytes,
and we enjoy immunity from disease so
i Ivzg as our blood contains plenty of phago-
cytes and red blood corpuscles.
'"A new broom sweeps dean" — and in
order to put ocr own house in order we
taust get rid of all the poisons in the blood
¦nith a new broom each zm an alterative
extract mads from roots and herbs-ywith-
out the use of alcohol, as Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, a specific for
xuakiogrrich red blood — for eradicating the
poisons from the blood. In some way the
policemen in the blood are increased in
cumber and strength — so that we are put
in the best possible shape to res*t disease
— to core neuralgia, colds, catarrh, and in-
cipient consumption.
"The more study and time is given to the
r:;bject the more we find that the blood is
Che center of life "—says Dr. IL V. Pierce,
tiie noted specialist of Buffalo, "the health
atid comfort of the average person depends
entirely on this blood supply— for the heart
must have pore blood or it will not pnmp
aid keep Jthe body supplied regularly like
thq beautiful automatic engine it is. The
n;rvcs must be fed on pure blood — or we
enffer the pain cf neuralgia,' which is the
cry of the starved nerves- for food. Head-
e~bes, cold in the hcad/catarrh-^and many
other things are due to stagnation " of the
blood."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a mild
laxative.' No other- medicine equals them
Jot gentleness and thorengfcseM.
&');£; ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ¦ l
Genuine-^V i lip OT t^IgS 5 \M^W? A
The Genuine is Manufactured by the i0^^^Sk
California Fig Syrup Co. '
The full name of the company, CaUfornia Fig Syrup Co., p£ ''¦'^^^^S&^k
lm printed on the front of c^cry package of the genuine. /;•:•* :^ ¦ J:^S§^^^^^
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original te^^^"^^^^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere P$5ii^-^>j^^3
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid die fraudulent imita- y^I^^v^^.^^^S
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable v$££^2&^^-J^ira
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should '¦V^P^^/fiffiBa
• . therefore be declined. V^S^?^"^? *$S
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its bencfidaJ effects. i H
It. cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the \& '¦! 'fell M$3
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed W^'SS^lfiS
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial FMj* '¦ lifiiSli
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the /Ml I
laxative remedy of the well-informed. fsM^l *--"6- v^®-3
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs \s /l^%llf*j
MANUFACTURED BY THE y^S^^^M'Mt^^r f^J
• -rf «* SMin*ncisco#CaJ. «*u^\5*** «v MM
Lo\iisviDe» Ky flewiorK. /W^$>>J|
«KE TOTTOrrS PCKB0TTI8
An extra pair of Pants
Free with every Suit
ordered Saturday,
September 24.
Suits to tf* t ff.00 an< *
order.... 2| J| upward. \
J. SMITH, The Tailor, j
773 MARKET ST.,
, Between Th^rd and Fourth. '
¦ L — _« ¦ • i • - ' ' "REPUBLICAN VICE PRESIDEN
TIAL, CANDIDATE. WHO HAS
FORMALLY ACCEPTED NOMI
NATION OF CONVENTION.
The development of trade with the Orient
promises to absorb the increased production
of cereals In the far West, so as to leave the
market conditions on the Atlantic seaboard
undisturbed. The settlement of the present
unproductive regions will open a new market
for the manufacturers of the East.
Only by "unduly extending this letter could
I consider all the declarations embraced In the
platform ot the convention. Further reflection
but strengthens my opinion or their wisdom
and I shall Blve them my earnest support. We
are gratified that sectional differences have
disappeared and a fraternal spirit pervades the
people of all sections of our country. We re
joice in a national inheritance which Is our
common prido. Republican : policies >' are . as
broad as cur country's needs. They are neither
sectional nor racial In their generous design, i
We are Insdred with one high purpose, and
that Is, undar divine guid*ice. to : promote
peace and eood order, virtu? and knowledge.
Justice, patriotism and prosperity . among our
countrymen,- and, to Increase to the utmost the
strength and honor of the great , republic
Very respectfully yours, : ¦-.-'.
jg&gSK CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS.
The application of the proceeds of public
land sales to the reclamation of Irrigable por
tions of our arid and semi-arid public domain
meets my cordial approval. Through the en
lightened policy thug established under the
present administration the long-deferred hopes
of the struggling eettlers of the great arid
and seml-arld West will be realized in the
upbuilding of substantial communities In places
hitherto waste or comparatively unproduc
tive. At the same time a vast area of the
public domain will be opened up on which the
Industrious homeseekers, now residing- In over
crowded Eastern centers, may find homes. The
sum of over twenty millions of dollars, now
available In the reclamation fund, to which
additions are constantly being marie, guar
antees.- under • wlse^ administration, great
progress In the work of Irrigation, and the
settlement of the ' arid region within a few
years.
satisfaction in its contemplation, than the one
which tells of our discharge of the responsi
bilities growing out of the war with Spain.
The archipelago belongs to the United States.
Its title la vested In this Government by virtue
of the treaty. of peace negotiated and ratified
according to the requirements of the constitu
tion, and the responsibility of administration
rests upon us, not aa a matter of sentiment,
but as a duty Imposed by the obligations of
the law.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 21.— Joseph Ken
dall, a laborer, shot and killed his wife
in a Twenty-fifth street restaurant to
day. He attempted to shoot Rogerson,
the proprietor of the place, and another
man, but his gun failed to work. He
gives as cause for his deed his wife's
infidelity.
Kendall was divorced from a. former
wife four years ago and a few months
thereafter married the victim of his
crime to-day.
Finds Woman In Restaurant, Shoots
Her and Attempts to Murder
the Proprietor.
UTAH LABORER KILLS
HIS UNFAITHFUL WIFE
French was arrested while endeavor
ing to cash at a local bank three checks
aggregating $400, signed by Harlow.
He had taken the jailer to identify
him. State police here say they do not
know French as a secret service officer.
FARMINGTON, Me., Sept. 21.— Leroy
A. French.^of San Francisco, claiming
to be a member of the United States
Secret Service force, assigned to the
State of Maine to apprehend counter
feiters, drove to this place yesterday
from Rangeley, forty miles away, and
lodsed in jail G. A. Harlow of Pitts
field, Me. French charged Harlow with
being a counterfeiter.
Later W. L. Butler of Rangeley, a
liveryman from whom French secured
the horse and buggy, had the alleged
secret service officer landed In jail on
a charge of stealing the conveyance.
Causes an Arrest in Maine and Is
Himself Jailed for Horse
Stealing.
SAN FRANCISCAN POSES
AS SECRET SERVICE MAN
PASSENGER TRAIN WRECICED
ON THE ILIilNOIS CENTRAL
Switch Tampered With and Wght Re
moved — Fireman Is Killed and
Engineer Seriously Injured.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Sept. 21. — The
Diamond special passenger, train on
the Illinois Central Railroad was
wrecked at Barclay, seven miles from
here, to-day. The fireman was killed
and the engineer seriously injured.
A switch had apparently been tam
pered with for the purpose of wreck
ing the train. The lock had been re
moved an* the light extinguished.
. Our opponents say the Philippine policy does
not pay. They should not forget that the
United States did not go to war with Spain
for dollars and cents. They should remem
ber that when It comes to a matter of duty
the United States doe* not consider the cost
When the history of our country !« written
It will be found thai there is no brighter page,
or one which will yield ' more . pleasure and
President Roosevelt has continued the work
In the same Just and generous spirit which In
spired President McKinley.
Military rule was quickly succeeded by the
civil authority. The people of the Islands have
been Invited as fast as possible to participate
In the work of government. The Judicial sys
tem has been Improved, corruption has been
driven out, public schools have been estab
lished and the people are already enjoying a
large measure of eelf-governmcnt.
¦ Congress has authorized a representative as
sembly to be chosen In due time by the people
of the Islands. The ballot-box Is not the sign
of Imperialism. No one need have any grave
concern with respect to the future of the
archipelago If the United States goes forward
as heretofore Inspired by the same lofty pur
pose which has characterized the administra
tions of President McKinley and President
Roosevelt. We may safely trust to the future
to deal with the Filipinos In a manner con
sistent with thel r highest and best interest and
with the duty and honor of the United States
The,^ people of the islands have had abun
dant evidence of the exalted purpose of the
United States. The. various degrees of civil
ization among them, their unfn nilliarity with
civic duties, made It lnadvlsablo to indulge
In any declaration as to future policies
which may lead to misunderstanding-. The
people of the Philippines do not distrust us
We need not distrust ourselves.
The archipelago came to the United States
as the result of a war and 1 it became the duty
of the administration to enforce the laws there
as elsewhere, to maintain the national sov
ereignty and to Inaugurate civil government.
Before the Insurrection had ceased President
McKinley admirably expressed our purpose.
Said he:
"No effort will be reared to build up the
waste places desolated by war and long years
of mlsgtiverument. We shall not wait for the
end of strife to begin the beneficent work. We
shall continue as we have begun; to open the
schools and the churches, to set the courts
in operation, to foster Industry and trade and
commerce and in every way in our power to
make these people whom providence has
brought within our jurisdiction feel that it la
their liberty and not our power, their welfare
and not our gain, we are seeking to enhance.
Our flag has never waved over any community
but in blessing. I believe the Filipinos will
soon recognize the fact that it has not lost
Its gift of benediction In Its world-wide Jour
ney to their shores." ,
THE McKINLEY SPIRIT.
' The administration In the Philippines has
been dictated by a broad sense of duty. It ha*
not been subversive of our national Ideals, but
has been in conformity with the best tradi
tions of the reaubllc
The completion of this great work should be
left to the administration which has done so
much to carry It forward against formidable
obstacles abroad and vexatious opposition at
home.
He concluded the negotiations with Great
Britain for the abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. He negotiated a treaty with
the republlo of Colombia for the requisite
rights and franchises for the construction and
operation of a canal. Its ratification was
contemptuously refused by the Colombian Gov
ernment. Thereupon the people of Panama
renounced their allegiance to the parent gov
ernment and declared their ln0epe.ndence. The
President, acting within the limits of hla exe
cutive authority and In conformity with well
established precedent, promptly recognized
their independence. He negotiated a treaty
with Panama whereby the United States ob
tained the necessary rights and franchises for
building and operating the canal.
When the Insurrection occurred upon the
isthmus the President safeguarded American
Interests. He acted promptly, but deliber
ately; prudently, not rashly; firmly, not un
lawfully. He usurped no authority. He only
exercised that executive power which Is clearly
vested In him by the constitution and which
his predecessors had employed under similar
circumstances. If he had failed to appreciate
our riehts, or to act nrmly and promptly,
blood would have been shed and the rights
of American citizens would have been sacri
ficed and the construction of the canal would
have been indefinitely delayed.
The President in due time appointed a com
mission composed of eminent engineers and
men of practical experience to undertake the
work of constructing the canal as speedily as
practicable. There Is no longer any doubt
or uncertainty as to the enterprise. Its com
pletion Is now an assured fact and It will
stand as one of the memorable achievements
of the new century. ;
The President's course In Panama merits
the most generous approval. He dealt with a
delicate and difficult situation clearly within
our national rights in such a way as to make
possible the early completion of an Isthmian
canal which has Ions been demanded In the
Interest of our commerce and' the national de
fense.
latlon advisable, the Republican party may
be Intrusted to ' enact It along rational lines.
Nowe!r was told by a man at the
stable where he says he saw Veirs
that he was the third man who had
come to that place and called Veirs by
that name.
incumbency fled from the town leav
ing znarrv creditors to mourn his de
parture, has been seen in Grants
Pass, Or. Warren Nowell. a painter
of this city, says that he saw Veirs in
Oregon. He says that though the lat
ter denied his identity, he lost no
lime in leaving the place. While act
ing- Miivor of Santa Rosa during the
illness of Mayor M. J. Bower, Veirs
absconded with moneys belonging to
many Santa Rosans. He also left
many notes purporting to bear the
signature of his wife, who had con
siderable money In her own right.
Mrs. Veirs pronounced these notes for
series, but in a recent suit the Ex
change Bank recovered on two of
them. Judge Albert G. Burnett hold
ing that the signature of Mrs. Veirs
was genuine.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 21.— L. L.
Vcirs, who at one time was acting
Mayor of this city, and who during his
Trace of Former City Official of Santa
Rosa Who Absconded Is
Found.
MCCH-SOCGHT-FOR MAN
SEEN IN OREGON TOWN
TALBOTTON, Ga., Sept 21.— The ne
groes recently dismissed by the court
here on the charge of belonging to a
"Before Day Club," were followed on
their departure by a hack carrying
four or five white men.
About a mile from town the hack
party met a nesro boy named Jack
Troy. In passing som^ one in the hack
shot him, wounding him so seriously
that he is not expected to live. Six
miles from town the hack party called
Kd Martin,* a negro, from his house and
made him get into the hack, where one
of the party shot the negro's right eye
out, and he Is also not expected to
live. These negroes were not charged
with being members of the club.
Sheriff Richards with deputies and a
posse have gone to Prattsburg to pro
tect the negroes there. -
Causeless Attacks Follow Freeing of
3Iembers of a "Before Day
Club."
NEGROES WANTONIiY SHOT
BY WHITES IN GEORGIA
At the time of the fire last evening
none of the men felt the effects very
severely and all returned to their
posts of duty. But in the night the
terrible action of the fumes on their
lungs began to make itself manifest
and man after man sickened.
DENVER. Colo., . Sept. 21. — Two
city firemen are dead and three In a
precarious condition from inhaling
fumes of nitric acid, a carboy of
which was burst by a bolt of lightning
which started a fire in the etching
rooms of the Post Printing and Pub
lishing Company.
Lieutenant Charles DolofC and
Truckman John McGlade died in the
Emergency Hospital. Truckman Sher
man B. Wilcox has double pneumonia
and Is In a very critical condition.
Captain Charles Eymann is very seri
ously ill. Nine other firemen are suf
fering greatly from the effects of the
fumes.
Eleven Other Members of Department
In Serious Plight From Inhaling
Deadly Vapor at Fire.
TWO FIREMEN KILL.ED
BY NITRIC ACID FUMES
If in the future the exigencies of business,
which ' no wisdom can now,; foresee, should
make additional monetary or financial lexis-
PANAMA QUESTION.
Sound money is so vital to our welfare, bo
imoortant to our industrial development, that
we should let Its open enemies or • negative
friends know that we abate nothing of our
determination to upholdand defend it.
Since 1830 we have improved the system
as well aa Increased the volume of our- cur
rency. We have now in circulation*-!!S2.521,
151.527. or $880,842,008 more than we had
*evcn years ago. The Increase has not been
due alone to the larger yield of gold, for
3262,<J59,C&0. or nearly 80 per cent of the In
crease, la composed of sliver and national bank
notes, which, under the Republican policy, are
essentially the equivalent of gold.
The convention very properly declared It "to
be th« duty of the Republican party to uphold
the gold standard." There Is no more Im
portant duty than to maintain the stability
and the character of the money of the peo
ple. Their manifold exchanges should be ef
fected In a currency as free from blemish aa
the national integrity. The Republican party
has been essentially th« guardian of the finan
cial credit of the country and the steadfast
support of a sound currency. It has main
tained the national credit and preserved the
BCundness of our monetary system against
persistent and powerful opposition.
The money question has soemed to be set
tled at various times, but the contest has
been revived by the enemies of sound money
whenever they have thought that they might
be successful. We should not relax our vlgl
lai.ee In upholding the Integrity of our cur
rency so long as a considerable element of
our country are at war with It. When Demo
cratic candidates cannot hope to win preferment
In a national convention without Industriously
concealing- their monetary views, when Demo
cratic national and State conventions dare
not declare their faith In the virtue of the
gold standard, the hour has not arrived when
the forces of Bound money should disband
and leave the field, i
We not only established the gold standard,
but we provided such safeguards as will
maintain our silver and paper currency at a
parity with It. But all of this may be
changed at any time by a hostile Congress or
endanrercd by an unfriendly Secretary of the
Treasury. Our past experience warns us that
It is onlv a question of time when those who
are always opposed to a wound monetary policy
will -again eeck to overthrow It.
The Republican convention did well not only
to pledge anew our. fidelity to the gold stand
ard, but to declare Us purpose to uphold '^the
integrity and value of our national currency."
There should be no equivocation or doubt as to
our ipflexlblc purpose, not only to maintain
the gold standard, but to keep all silver and
paper currency at a parity with It.
The assumption that the Kold standard Is
"irrevocably established" . does violence to the
law. It was established by an act of Congress,
but the Concress may alter, amend or repeal
tlrat act at any time. It Is no more Irrevoca
bly established than are our tariff schedules.
The one may. be changed as readily as the
other. • *.
THE GOLD STANDARD.
The Congress last year enacted a law to
expedite the hearing and determination of suits
arising under the anti-trust and Interstate
commerce acts, 50 that the ends of Justice
might not be defeated by delay. It created
the Department of Commerce and Labor, with
authority to obtain necessary information with
resrect to the creation and operation of cor
pcrations engaged in Interstate commerce. It
also amended the' Interstate commerce law so
effectually as to abolish the pernicious sys
tem of rebates, under which large shippers
cculd crush their smaller competitors. These
ate Important, practical steps taken by a
Republican President and a Republican Con
gress for the protection of the people against
th<* encroachments of combined capital.
The Democratic party has done nothing to
ward safeguarding legitimate Interests and re
straining combinations effected , for extortion
or other improper purposes. It proposes as
a principal remedy for unjust combinations
to remove the tariff from trust-made goods,
thereby Inviting 1 the foreign producer to occupy
our home market In an attempt to regulate
oi:r own industries. It has assumed that the
S'.> railed trusts are either created or fos
tered by the tariff. The assumption Is fal
lacious. Trusts are found in free trade coun
tries and they control commodities In this
country which are upon the free list.
The Republican party Is more direct and
rat.onal. It docs not strike down good and
bad dike. It invokes the authority of Con
gress and the power of the courts to deal
with specific, well defined combinations In
restraint vt the rights and Interests of the
people. It Is as Insistent upon the protection
of capital employed In wholesale enterprise
as la preventing its use In contravention of
the public interests.
The platform appropriately recognizes com
binations of capital and labor as the out
growth of our economic development, and as
entitled to the equal protection and subject to
the like restrictions of the law.
The administration has enforced the Sher
man anti-trust act, which was of Republican
origin. In casea where combination* have been
formed in violation of Us provisions. The law,
which was regarded as Ineffective by a Demo
cratic administration, has been invoked by
the President against combinations In restraint
of wholesome commerce, .and It has been upheld
by the court*.
The American Commissioners desired to omit
the boundary dispute ot the two governments
and to proceed with the consideration of all
other questions, including reciprocity, but the
British Commissioners declined to proceed fur
ther while the boundary remained undeter
mined. Subsequently the Boundary Commission
was created and the boundary line ' has been
settled, but no agreement has been reached for
further consideration of the remaining ques
tions embraced In the protocol. It Is hoped
that the two governments may be able to agree
In due course to take up the subject of reci
procity with- Canada according to the princi
ples laid down In the Republican national
platform.
ALASKA BOUNDARY.
Both Presidents McKinley and Roosevelt at
tempted to negotiate a treaty of reciprocity
with Canada. That subject, together with the
Alaskan boundary and other matters, were
submitted to a joint high commission for con
sideration, but the differences which arose be
tween tha American and British Commission
ers with respect to the boundary made It Im
possible for the commission to agree upon
any of tha remaining subjects submitted for
its determination.
tectlon" has long been one of the well-recog
nized policies of the Republican party. • The
pre«ent administration. In the face of seri
ous Democratic opposition, secured a treaty
of reciprocity with Cuba, .-which promises to
give us control of a large/ share of the com
merce ot that Island.
ORDERS WIDOW TO PAY
FOR FUNERAL SERMON
Illinois Justice Renders Judgment
in Favor of a Utah
Clergyman.
BELVIDERE. 111.. Sept. 21. — Judg
ment to the amount of $150 has been
allowed a Utah minister against a
Belvidere widow in an unusual case
that has been decided in Justice's
Court in the Boone County capital.
Mrs. Hannah Bowley requested Rev.
Samuel Gates, formerly of Belvidere
but now a resident of Utah, to come to
Belvidere to preach the funeral ser
mon of her husband. The minister
came, preached the sermon and
charged $200 for his services and ex
penses. The widow gave him $50 and
he has been obliged to sue for the
balance, with the result in his favor.
ASSOCIATED FRATERNITIES
HOLD MEETING AT ST. I/OUIS
Decide to Erect a Sanitarium in
Southwest New Mexico for Treat
ment of Consumptives.
ST. LOUIS, Sept 21.-^-The Asso
ciated Fraternities of America held a
business meeting at the Temple of
Fraternity to-day. A resolution for
the erection of a sanitarium in South
west New Mexico for consumptives, to
be known as the National Fraternal
Sanitarium, was adopted unanimously.
John H. Shively of Olympia, Wash.,
addressed the convention.
Harroun Indicted for Forgery^
ST. JOSEPH. , Mo., Sept. 21. — Tha
Grand Jury to-day indicted W. H.
Harroun. the grain plunger, on seven
counjts for forgery in the third de
gree.
The development of the country during the
last forty-four years is a complete vindication
of the virtue and efficiency of a protective
cystem. Its benefits >iai%been diffused through
al! sections of the country and among all our
people. It has enlarged our home market until
it has become the greatest In the world. This
we should not unnecessarily surrender. We
have believed it to be a wise national policy
to preserve the American market for American
producers and to secure to our workingmen
an Increased waire scale.
In 1S60 the value of our exports and manu-'
factures wan $40,345,892. Twenty years later
It was $102,856,015, and last year $452,415,629.
The pretension of its opponents that the pro
tective tariff la inconsistent with the - exten
sion of our foreign commerce Is thus ¦ denied
by actual results. In considering the effect of
the • respective tariff policies of the Republican
ud Democratic parties we are fortunately able
to consult past experience. What a revenue
tariff will accomplish we know, for we have
hitherto ' seen how it has arrested Industrial
development and embarrassed. enterprise to, the
Injury of both labor and capital. Neither es
capes Its blighting effects.
Commercial reciprocity with - foreign coun
tries "consistent with the principles of pro- ¦
HUtory abundantly shows that the greatest
Industrial development of the country has oc
curred during the period when the protective
tariff has been maintained and that during
thl* time labor has received Its largest re
wards and capital has been most profitably
engaged.
A revision of duties should be made only
when conditions have to chanired that the
public interest demands tlieir alteration, and
they should be so revised as to preserve and
not destroy the prote<Ulve principle.
A revision and r«luS^:on by thoe* who re
sard the tariff as a robbery must awaken seri
ous apprehension anone all whose capital is
employed or who are engaged at labor In the
various enterprises throughout the country,
which depend In larre measure upon the
maintenance of the protective wystem. A re
vision of the tariff along revenue lines means
the increased Importation of the products of
foreign manufacture which come Into compe
tition with our domestic production. It means
a loss to the American wage earners and to
American capital. This Is, therefore, not a
theoretical question which is presented to
them, but is one of immediate end practical
moment. It can be settled by them, and
by them only. •» -
The issue Is thus distinctly made. It is by
no means a new one. for while the Republican
party has uniformly adhered to the policy of
protection, the Demoratlc party has been con
sistent in Its opr>osltion. It has held to the
doctrine of a revenue tariff, and durinr all
the years of the contest has maintained that
the protective system was opposed to good
morals, in contravention of the constitution
and In \iolatlon of sound economics. The
objections which are now urged against It are
only a repetition of those which have found
utterance for many years. The difference be
tween the parties Is radical and fundamental.
It involves the principle of protection and not
simply the measure of the duties to be laid.
REVISION OP DUTIES.
The Democratic convention which lately as
eembled at St. Louis denounced "protection as
a robbery of the many to enrich the few."
and favored a. "revision and gradual reduction
of the tariff."
This principle was embodied In the platform
of tho convention which first nominated
Abraham Lincoln, and It has continued to hi
one of the cardinal doctrines of the Republican
party during the forty-four years which have
elapsed since then. It has been incorporated
into the public law and hau become the founda
tion of mir industrial system. It has been re
garded by the Republican party as a reason
able and appropriate exercise of the legislative
power when Imposing duties upon imports to
discriminate In favor of American industries.
This principle in dictated by a due regard for
our own enterprise and Industry, and Is
founded upon the highest considerations of na
tional Interest.
The convention wisely declared In favor of
"protection which guards and develops our
industri-en." and that "the measure of pro
tection should alwavs at least equal the dif
ference In the cost of production at home and
abroad."
Our relations with the world were never
better. We have avoided all entangling alli
ances and, in the language of the eminent
Secretary of State, "we are without an ally
and without an enemy."
j Events In tVe Far East suggest the wisdom
{ and necessity of a continuance of the present
i foreign policy. We have maintained exact
neutrality between Russia and Japan. At the
beginning of the war between them they as
sented to the suggestion made by the admin
istration, limiting the zone of hostilities. This
tends to preserve the open door in the Orient
so Important and so much desired in the ex
pansion of our commerce. It is the policy of
the administration, predicated upon the sound
est national prudence, to settle and remove by
trf-aty. so far as popslbl*, those International
differences which might lead to future friction.
We favor the adjustment of international
disagreements by an appeal to reason rather
than tc arms. A gr*at majority of the ques
tions which ariss between nations may, with
out compromising the national honor, be sub
mitted to arbitration. The administration of
President McKinley did well to aid In the
creation of The Hague tribunal, and Presi
dent Roosevelt is entitled to great credit for
being the flnrfc to Invoke its Jurisdiction In the
settlement oC the Pious fund cases.
PRESENT FOREIGN POLICY.
The foreign policy of the administration has
been conservative. Just and firm, and has
made for the advancement of peace. Time
and events have riven us a larger place In
international aftalrs. While we have enlarged
our foreign commerce, we have Increased our
prestige abroad, not with the sword but
through the peaceful agency of enlightened
diplomacy.
Thirty treaties have been, concluded and
proclaimed and stand to the credit of the ad
ministration. Some of these are of far-reaching
Importance. Among the number are the Hay-
Paunoeforte treaty, superseding the Clayton-
Bulwer convention, which stood in the way of
the construction of an isthmian canal; the
Panama canal treaty, the Alaskan boundary
treaty, and commercial treaties with China
and with Cuba.
The convention did well In its hearty com
mendation of the administration of President
Roosevelt. This is sharply challenged by the
opposition. We accept the issue with con
fidence. The President assumed the responsi
bilities of Chief Executive with a pledge to
carry out the policy of his beloved and la
mented predecessor. He kept the Cabinet of
President McKinley, composed of statesmen of
eminent ability. In whom the country placed
entire confidence. He carried forward the un
completed work faithfully and successfully.
The pledge has been kp"t scrupulously; the
promise has been fulfilled. Peace and good
order have been maintained. Domestic and
forelrn trade have Increased and relations of
amity have bet-S preserved with foreign
powers.
¦« e have had two administrations In the
l*»t seven years which have been eoverned
by the same policies. We may consult . the
trade reports In vain to discover when the one
endr.d and the other bezan. Both were
obliced to make vast expenditures for much
needed public works. The rapidly expanding
needs of the Government business must be
noet. The national equipment must keep pace
with oar national growth, yet always with
due regard to the principles of sound economy
in public expenditure. We have pursued no
parsimonious policy on the one hand nor in
dulged In extravagance on the other. We
have measured the public expense by the public
necessity.
The utterances of political parties must be
interpreted In the Hcht of that practical con
struction which they have put upon them
v.hen intrusted with power. It Is not alone
what they say, but what they will do which
should weigh In determining their capacity
to administer public affairs.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept. 21. 1904.— Th«
Hon. Elihu Root, Chairman of Notification
Committee — My Dear Sir: In accordance with
the promise made when you formally notified
me of my nomination for Vice-president, I
avail myaelf of this opportunity to submit
to you, and through you to my fellow citi
zens, some further views with respect to the
questions la Issue before the people.
The principles which are bo frankly and
felicitously expressed In the platform adopted
by the Republican National Convention meet
with my heartiest approval. In the main they
have been subjected to the test of actual ex
perience and have been found to be well
suited to our industrial and national needs.
They have brought us to - high state of ma
terial development and have made the nation's
name respected among: the powers of the
earth.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept 21.— The let
ter of United States Senator Fairbanks,
accepting the Republican nomination
for the Vice Presidency, which is made
public to-day. Is as follows:
BELGRADE, Servla, Sept. 21.—
Peter Karageorgevitch was crowned
King of Servia to-day. There were no
hostile demonstrations and no attempt
to carry out the numerous threats
against the new King's life.
Here and in every garrison town of
Servla the dawn of the day was
marked by a salute of twenty-one guns
and before the sun was well up King
Peter, on horseback, rode out from the
palace. The procession then started
for the Cathedral through the troop
lined streets. The royal heralds,
cavalry and life guards (the heralds
bearing the royal standards) and car
riages with the Montenegran and Ser
vian Princesses precededHhe monarch.
Beside King Peter rode his two son3,
George and Alexander.
As King Peter entered the Cathedral
] the Metropolitan consecrated him and
more artillery salutes were firetl. The
King then took up his position under
a canopy and the Metropolitan, assist
ed by many Bishops and other clergy,
commenced the solemn service, the
choir singing "Thank Thee, Our Lord."
After the prayer the, Premier and
other Ministers handed the crown and
regalia to King Peter. He kissed the
crown, placed it on his head and robed
himself in the royal garments. An ar
tillery salute of 101 guns then an
nounced to the people of Belgrade that
King Peter had been crowned.
Wearing the crown on his head and
fully robed the King left the Cathe
dral, remounted his horse and rode
through the crowded streets to the
palace. There, in the grand festal hall.
King Peter received the congratula
tions of the diplomatic corps and
others, ascended the royal throne and
once more took the sceptre and orb
in his hands. The ceremony of ren
dering homage was then performed.
The Southern Pacific Company ¦will
give a one and one-third fare rate from
fill coiiits in the State to the conven
tion, and the Santa Fe will doubtless
rr.ake the eame announcement in a day
or so.
President Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of
the State University will head a dele
gation from that Institution, and other
notables will be present. Elaborate
preparations are being: made for the
entertainment of the delegates who
will be here, and the programme being
arranged points to the fact that the
convention will be at once an enjoyable
end instructive affair.
tion and application, upon which the
future of the State depends, and will
try to bring about such a union of the
irrigationists of the State and the arid
West as to enable them to bring about,
by legislation. If necessary, the best
use of the waters which descend from
the mountains of the Pacific slope.
The purpose of the convention is to
perfect the organization of the State
association, and form working plans
nnd outlines. Delegates to the ' con
vention will be apportioned as fol
lows: Five delegates from each Super
visor district in the State; five from
each irrigation district; five from each
local branch of the irrigation associa
tion, and five from each board of trade
or chamber of commerce.
control, distribu-
•ater conservation
MODESTO. Sept. 21.— The State Irri
j.;ition Association has called a con
\ention •which will be held In this city
"ii October 18 and 19. At the two days'
session the most prominent authorities
tm irrigation In the "West will be pres
ent and take part in the deliberations
Much sood is expected to result to the
irrigation Interests of the State.
The association was organized at
Modesto at the time of the bis Irrlga
lioa jubilee in April last. Its aim Is to
• 'Jucate the people of the State on irri
gation and improve the condition of
the irrigation interests In the arid
West. It will study the questions of
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Town Is Preparing to Make
Gathering a Pleasant One
. for Delegates Who Attend
No Attempt Is Made to Carry
Out Any of Many Threats
Against Monarch's Life
Senator Indorses Conven
tion's Commendation
of Roosevelt.
EXPECT MANY NOTABLES
CORONATION PEACEFUL
Will Assemble at Modesto
Next Month to Discuss the
Waterways of This State
Peter ' Karageorgevitch Is
Formally Recognized by
Servians as Their Ruler
Candidate's Letter Re
ceived by Notification
Committee.
IRRIGATIONS
PLAN A MEETING
CROWNED KING
AT BELGRADE
NOMINATION FOR VICE PRESIDENCY
FORMALLY ACCEPTED BY FAIRBANKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
3
FREE FREE — '¦— FREE
A two-pound package of -¦
PIIJDSBURY'S V1TOS
The choicest product of the best
wheat in the world.
Made by the millers of Pllla-
bury's Best Flour.
A stogie package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food.
FREE WITH WANT ADS.
See announcement on classified
page.
ADVQM1SKMEXTS.
THE LONDON
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
Throughout the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete commercial . guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPOBT MERCHANTS
with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they sail, and indicating the approxi- ;
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
«->f Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc., in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United Kingdom. !
A copy of the 1905 edition will be
forv.srded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postoffice Order for $5.
1
ThcLondonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchvrch Lane, London, E C.
England.
Important to Farmers.
Bags.
Bags. Bags.
By order of the State Hoard cf Prison
,Dir*ctora I *m authorized to eell rrain
bacs in ar.r quantity at $4 60 per hundred.
»pot cash. Bags delivered free In Eau
Francitco. and orders must be accompanied
with c&sh or bank exchange on Ean Fran-
cisco, end an affidavit made before a No-
tary Public or Justice of the Peace that
they are fW the coneumer'a u«e. Blank
¦ affidavits can be had upon application
to me. J. VT. TOMPKINS, Warden.
Ean Quentin, September 20, IDOL
CARTERS! CURE SIC^ EEAtoA-CHS.
CSrrriE Genuine Must Bsar
g IVER F2>Simfle Signature
g PILLS. _^
_ _ AD VERTISEMEXTS.
Many Persons Have Catarrh of Kidneys;
Or Catarrh of Bladder, and Don't Know It.
President Newhof and War; I ~~ ; 71 1:
Correspondent RichardsWere; !;
Promptly Cured By Pe-ru-naj |:
-~~ . / , <:
Mr. C. B. Newhof. 10 Delamare street, l! :- : :^:^->M^-:^- : -^ :: '-V : ix ::: !-;^ : ; y^-'y-^Ji^i-M <',
Albany. N. Y., President MonteSore Club, ,| >
"Since my advanced age I find that I \ M : '•
have been frequently troubled with urinary v ||$ !;
ailments. The* bladder seemed irritated. > ts& ''
and my physician said that it was catarrh I • "" v> ' '
caused by a protracted cold which would ;' slliPlil '/^." s - s .. ' \'<
be aifficult to overcome on account of my ;' flllipif ¦"f^^w^^^ '''<
advanced years. I took Peruna, hardly \ v " \
daring to believe that I would be helped. \\ §&£?£&& * '!
but I found to my relief that I soon began ! i^ 4 ¦$ * '
to mend. The irritation gradually sub- \ < l!!^!!! 1 '%"¦ '
sided and the urinary difficulties passed ;! w *& '
away. I have enjoyed excellent health now !| ¦i-v^^^»|j; ' - '!
for the past seven months. I enjoy my !' • ''
meals, sleep soundiy, and am as well as I > ','
was twenty years ago. I give all praise to < i&B$mW§B®&^ f -. I
Peruna."— C. B. Newhof. <\ f^^^H* Wlte *•' ''
Suffered From Catarrh of Kidneys, ; "^^ ~ •'^^^B i
Threatened With Nervous Collapse, ;| I
Mr. P. B. Richards. 609 E street, N. |' - ; - ¦ MCTiMiiyfe:;j«8 >\
"W., Washington. D. C, war correspond- i! ppf« r R NFWHnF '!
ent. writes: "Exactly six years ago I j t*Kt!>. O. H. Ntwnur, ,;
was ordered to Cuba aa staft correspond- i 1 Sufferer From Catarrh of Bladder.!*
ent of the New York Sun. I was In <^^ r^^^ -^^^_^^^..^ r^ r^ n^ n^ n^^^^ !
charge of a Sun dispatch boat through
Spanish-American War The effect wherever located. No other systemic ca-
of the tropical climate and the nervous tarrh remedy has as yet been devised,
strain showed Plainly on ray return to insist upojjtJiavlng Peruna. There ar«
the States. Lassitude, depression to the no medicines that can be substituted,
verge of melancholia, and incessant kid-
ney trouble made me practically an In- Pc-ru-na Contains NO Narcotics.
valid. This undesirable ' condition con-
tinued, despite the best of treatment. One reason why Peruna has found per-
Finally a brother newspaper man. who manent use in so many homes is that It
like myself had served in the war. In- contains no narcotic of any kind. Peruna
duced me to give a faithful trial to Pe- is perfectly harmless. It can be used
runa. I did so. In a short time the las- any length of time without acquiring: a
situde left me, my kidneys resumed a drug habit. Peruna does not prodncs
healthy condition and a complete cure temporary results. It 13 permanent In
was effected. I cannot too strongly rec- Its effect.
ommend Peruna to those suffering with It has no bad effect upon the system,
kidney trouble. To-day I* am able to and gradually eliminates catarrh by re-
work as hard as at any time in my life, moving the cause of catarrh. There ar«
and the examiner for a leading insurance a multitude of homes where Peruna has «
company pronounced me *A* risk." been used off and on for twenty years.
Peruna cures catarrh of the kidneys, Such a thing could not be possible If Pe-
of the bladder, liver and other pelvic or- runa contained any drugs of a narcotic
gans, simply because It cures catarrh nature.
ADVERTISE3ffiyTS. _ _ _^ , .^ -.-^^ J
Quality and Economy
Go hand in hand at the Store on the Square. ; Every grade of
merchandise from the least expensive to the finest. Liberal
credit if desired. Always remember,
"Your Credit Is Good." Nuf-Ced.
Buffet. Dresser.
Quarter Sawed Oak, weath- Quarter sawed oak. Golden
ered. An exceptionally artistic finish. Full serpentine front,
design. Has cup closet on top. Bevel French Plate Mirror. __ An
Back decorated with Bevel Plate exceptionally graceful design.
Mirror. Ample room for linen Cabinet work and
or silver. Price.... <T5-| *%Q finish of the best. GOI *75
>PO1,LJ Price ....^LLtli)
«T* »5»k tAWk « t^ le new tfcsfen 3 are in. Hun- ?
wSliJC IS dreds of patterns, ranging from the mod-
_ r est Ingrain to the Royal Wilton, at
; prices that will secure your patronage. ;
WiltoD Wool Velvets IfefeS 79C
tal and Floral. Three hundred rolls. Per yard ¦ " **
RENTING DEPARTMENT saves hours of weary labor.
Hundreds of houses and flats listed. Servjce absolutely free.
J @Pi9]BSBlQlIVQIQ31!S ©3D. IJ
g45-259CMRYS* OH THE SQUARESAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 21.-—
The Republicans - of Red lands have
organized a Roosevelt' Club, with > a
membership of more than one hun
dred. Including some . of . the most
prominent mef of that city. . It is
conceded that the county .will '-- so for
Roosevelt by a large majority, but
the purpose of the organization Is to
make the majority larger.
Roosevelt Club Is Organized by Prom
:• inent Citizens.
REDLANDS REPUBLICANS.
Kuroki Has Xol Crossed the \\\xn.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 21. — The
reports that General Kuroki had
crossed th« Hun River at Fushun were
false. The Russians strongly hold the
road to Fushun and Bentsiaputze. It
is pointed out that If the Japanese had
occupied Fushun the Russians would
have been compelled to evacuate Muk
dtn, since Fushun is nearer to Tie
Pass. . ¦"-. "-.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— With every
prospect of gaining a reprieve and eventually
a commutation to a short term of Imprison
ment. James Webb, under death sentence for
the murder of his wife and mother-in-law,
¦as declared In ' his cell . at - Moyamenalng
Prison that he" wishes to die anS'by'hla own
act has cut off his one chance of escaping the
callows.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— At the annual meet
ing of the members of the Associated Press
to-day the following directors were elected:
Albert J. Barr. Plttaburg Post: Clark Howell,
Atlanta Constitution: Charles W. Knapp. St.
Louis Republic; Frank B. Noyes, Chicago Rec
ord-Herald; M. H. de Young. San Francisco
Chronicle.
PHILLIPSBURG, Mont.. Sept. 21. — John
Christie, charged with complicity In the hold
up of the Northern Pacific passenger train at
Bear Mouth, Mont., last summer, to-day
pleaded guilty to a charge of grand larceny
and was sentenced to seven years In the State
Penitentiary- : '
CHICAGO. Sept. 21. — Charles Burke, de
clared by <tha police to be an expert hotel
thief, ha» been arrested at the Auditorium Ho
tel. Nearly a score of letters and checks,
which have been identified as being the prop
erty of hotel guests In Chicago and St. Louis,
were found In his pockets.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 21. — George Faulker
son. William Andrews and a man named Lee
have given up 16$ square inches of cuticle at
Mount Slnal Hospital. to save the life of Flor
ence Stearns, 3 years old. who .was terribly
burned. The operation was successful and the
child has a chance of recovery.
FRIEDERICHSRL'HE. Sept. 21.— The fun
•eral nervlce over the remains of Prince Her
bert Bismarck, who : died September 18. took
place to-day. It was a simple ceremony, al
though It occurred In the presence of a dis
tinguished company.
COLUMBUS, O.. Sept. 21. — Pasnenger train
No. 8. on the Norfolk and Western road, was
wrecked to-day at Lockburn by spreading rails.
En-lneer "VVillam D. Slmonton of this city
wasK burned to death under his engine. Fire
man'Fred W. Kyle of Columbus was fatally
scalded. • • I
NORFOLK. Va., i-ppt. 21. — Fire broke out in
the hold "f the steamship Minnesota of tho
Great Northern line while the vessel was load
ing coal at Lambert's Point pier here to-day,
but the flames were extinguished with only
trlfllns loss.
PLATTSBURO, N. Y.. Sept. 21.— The flret
touch of winter weather visited the Adiron
dack* region, to-day, when light snow fell for
an hour at . Saranac Lake and other Adiron
dack points and the temperature fell b.elow the
freezing point. -".J*
TELEGRAPH NEVVS.
PORT ARTHUR, Tex., Sept. 21.— Lightning
to-day struck en oil tank cf the Texas Re
finery on which six men were at work. The
oil Ignited and an "explosion followed. Five
men were killed ond the sixth fatally injured.
SAN DIEGO. Kept. 21. — A mysterious mal
ady has made He appearance among cattle at
Escondtdo. near here, and la proving fatal.
Veterinary surgeons are unable to name the
disease.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 21.— The town
of Oakloy. Kas.. a small place, about £50
miles weit of here on the Union Pacific Rail
road, has been entirely destroyed by fire.
Both armies are now rested and
have recovered from the effects of the
fight at Liaoyang. They are in con
dition to fighc and the weather i3
favorable' for military operations.
With the Liao River open the task of
tiansporting men and supplies to the
advanced base of operations at Liao
yang is simple. ¦-¦; . ,-
TOKIO. Sept. 21. — An impression is
growing general that an engagement
will soon take place at Mukden. Gen
eral Kuropatkin is evidently prepar
ing to make a determined resistance
to any attempt to dispossess him and
is intrenching and constructing de
fenses. He has an immense force
a\ailable. but the opinion is expressed
that Tie Pass would be a more favor
able location for defense. The Rus
sians, however, are unwilling to suf
fer the loss of prestige which would
be- involved by the abandonment of
Mukden.
Kuropatkin Will Attempt to Hold the
Ancient Capital.
CLASH WILIi COME AT MUKDEN.
RICHMOND, Va.. Sept. 21.— At the
session of the Supreme^ Grove of the
United Ancient Order of Druids of the
United States now being held here.
James F. Martinoni, deputy supreme
arch and grand secretary of the grand
grove of California and a resident of
San Francisco, was elected supreme
arch. This is the third time that San
Francisco has carried away that honor.'
Emil Winkler of Troy, N. Y., was
elected deputy supreme arch; H.
Freudenthal of Albany, N. Y., was re
elected supreme secretary; Louis
Kraues of Lafayette, Ind., was re
elected treasurer, and W. Smith of
Minnesota, supreme herald. ,,. ¦
Upon the fifth ballot New York was
chosen as the place of meeting two
years hence.
Special Dltnatch to The Call,
WILLOWS, Sept. 21. — Isaac V. De
venpeck. a pioneer of this county,
died yesterday. The deceased was a
native of New York and was 74 years
of age. He came to the coast by way
of the Isthmus in 1852. He lived for
mnny years in Solano County, moving
to Willows in 1S74.
Death Calls Pioneer.
Czar's Guards to Soe Fighting.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 21. — The
Emperor has decided that his crack
guard regiments shall be represented
at the front and to-day ordered that
contingents from each of these regi
ments shall go to the Far East.
Upon Fifth Ballot Gotham
Is Chosen as Next Meeting
Place of National Grove
OTHER OFFICERS NAMED
China Objects to Tibetan Treaty.
LONDON. Sept. 22.— The Morning
Post's Shanghai correspondent has
been informed that China obiects to
the Anglo-Tibetan treaty on the
ground that it infrineea on Chinese
sovereign rights.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS IN THE FIELD, Tuesday,
Sept. 20. — The Japanese are slow
ly pushing northward. The out
posts are in touch near Yentai and
skirmishes between outposts and pa
trol parties occur daily. It is believed
that the Russians are gathering a
force at Yentai preparatory to making
a strong stand for the protection of
the coal mines.
Skirmishes Occur Daily.
J. F. Marti non i of San Fran
cisco Is Elected Supreme
Arch of Order at Richmond
Better is Francisca In the fioriture
stuff, in which, forgetting the spirit of
the song, one may simply joy in the
voice. She gave first the well known
aria from "Traviata," chiefly remark
able for the length, breadth and thick
ness of the trill. Like Kubso with his
top notes, Francisca is generous with
her trills, that are sometimes good and
sometimes not. But it is an extraor
dinarily flexible voice. The Massenet
"Elegie" followed, in French better
than the singer's Italian— that has fil
tered in by way of the Dutch apparent
ly. Best is her German and. curiously,
Francisca sang the difficult Strauss
"Stanchen" most pleasingly of her pro
gramme, with eympatny and dramatic
appreciation. The De 1'Acq.ua "Villan
elle," the Proch "Variations," the Mey
erbeer "Le Pardon d« Ploermel" and
the mad scene from "Lucia" were florid
numbers, all distinguished by the same
unsatisfying vocalizing, uncertainly in
tonated upper notes, monotonous read
ing and ravishing beauty of tone.
Mme. Francisca was accompanied by
Melville Ellis, the Beau Brummel of
the Tivoli. Mr. Ellis' accompaniments
were as clever as his accordion pleated
shirts. They were sympathetic, dis
creet and generally efficient. In his
solo, an arrangement of Charpentier's
"Louise," Mr. Ellis discovered an easy
technique and a notable dramatic sym
pathy. Louis Newbauer's flute play
ing in the German suite came delight
fully. He was ably seconded by Mr.
Ellis. He also accompanied the singer
in the "Lucia" "mad scene." But Mr.
Newbauer's flute or any other has no
chance against the Francisca voice.
For the simple beauty of it it should be
heard> She gives another programme
on Saturday afternoon.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Technically there are all sorts of ob
jections — muddy vocalizing, indifferent
breath control, faulty enunciation, pro
nunciation and interpretatively matters
are worse. Take the "Home, Sweet
Home," for example, of which as an
encore . the singer gave a dramatized
version. One permits a Sembrlch to
warble "no place lak home," but these
and similar errors in English are hard
ly permitted to the • American-born
singer. The phrasing of the ballad was
singularly bad and the whale thing sen
timentalized out of all resemblance to
the simplicity that is its chiefest
charm.
One of the most beautiful voices ever
heard here, and one of the»most ex
asperating methods of using it, are
those of Mme. Fannie Francisca, the
California singer, who reappeared here
last night at the Alhambra after an
nbsence "f twelve years. A large audi
ence welcomed her, and was patriot
ically generous of its applause.
Much was expected of Mme. Fran
cisca. For the last three years she
has been the prima donna soprano of
the Opera Royal at Amsterdam.
Paris has approved her — I have seen
notices in Le Gaulois and Figaro that
would not have been disdained by a
Melba— and the singer has been gen
erally recognized. So far as the voice
Is concerned it is true that one could
not easily be over-enthusiastic. It is
of extraordinary beauty. The fortes
are full, sweet, round and intensely
penetrating, the pianlssimos almost as
Bilkily fine as Melba's own. The qual
ity is even from end to end, and of a
peculiar llquldness. The range is large,
with low notes of fascinating beauty.
In fact, one needs to hear no finer
voice. It is to its use that one must
object.
CALIFORNIAN
HEAD OF DRUIDS
MME. FRANCISCA
WINS APPLAUSE
FOR FINE VOICE
SQUABBLE OVER ESTATE.— The daugh
ters of th»- late Daniel McSweeney. an iii
rpectcr of -Government offices, are having a'boi
dUpute over the iroperty left b> their father
Mrs. Window, one cf the daughter*, who Is
confined in the Detention Hospital ch*XB<!j
miih l>e!nx insane, claims that her sister
Mary had her t>ut there in order to gain pnr
¦e»*ion of the estate left by th« father. The
•1<1aw of Mc3ween*y !» sported to be in an
enfeebl'-d condition.
INFRINGEMENT OF LABEL- In the suit
of th«- White nnrfc Mineral Spring Company uf
¦W'Uc-etiyJn epainst the Ferr.Saie Mineral Fprlnif
Company of <'alifornia. to |.re\»nt the latter
from ;m-.c the words "White Rock" and
? ;r. :'..¦: label* tnd littles for the local min
«ral water. Judffr Hrbbard yesterday awarded
the err«*d dinnjw of ?| and granted a
pe.T-etoal injunction as t.rayed for.
WILL LXA1IINE PLLMRERF— Dr. Rapan.
Dr HaasW aw] Deputy J»uis Levy of tb«
Hral:h Department yesterday outlined plans
for txniuct'.ns the examination of plumbers,
which has t«en ttkrn cut of the hands of
icmster .-•luTTrbers. Vnd*-r the new system an
applicant who falls cannot take an examina
tion airain for fix months. Several other rc
•trictlons wli: be imposed.
WATER FOR TONOPAH.— The Tonopah
TVr-;«-r Cofnr.%any yesterday filed a certificate
of t*e creation cf a bonded indebtedness of
KSO.oQO for th» purx>?e of constructing a
«*rer eystem at Rye/Pateh. Nevada. The
lx.ni 1 .? .ar* to run ten year* at H per cent. E.
O Wbeeler. president, and \V. H. Chickerin*.
secretary of the comi^ny, signed th- certifi
cate.
VUST GO TO FAN QVKNTIN.— The Su
preme Court decked yesterday that William
J Perry nutt .-;•::¦: flv* years at San Quen
tin for burjlary committed in Humbolf't
County last year. The defendant claimed
that the District Attorney had been gruilty of
tnliconduct in the «ese. that the evidence 'was
lr-sufflctcct to turport the verdict and that
the ':-;<¦« charge uas erroneous.
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL HERE— John
L, Lott, K*<-r«t«ry of the General of
the Department of Justice in Washington. D.
f.. t« h*re iriE;ie<-tInjr the wnrk of th>? fnlted
St*teji District Attorney's office and also the
rr.anagenjent of CMaw ca»*i by United States
Cotr.mi«F!on»r Hcacock and the Bureau of
ln:n?icraticn.
DCTENTtOK BHKD THROWN OPKN.—
rnliod £tat«>«t lmm!rrant Commissioner
r^orth h«i> boen authorized by th»> Department
of Commerce and Labor to allow attorneys
accorr.;iar.led by iriterDreters to vUit Chinese
In the «3»>t»ntion shed for whom writs of ha
b»*8 mrru* have bwn iFsued.
CHARGES AGAINST POLICEMEN.—
Chanjps *»re prcferrvd yesterday before the
Tolloe J'oramiesion^ni against Policemen P. M.
Kisrar>«? and \V. H. Cannon fer loitering en
th»ir tx>ats. Th<>ir h»>a?g cross *-ach other and
It it all»s<?<i thnt when th««y m»*-t they stand
talking ever the political situation for hours
»i s. tiiap.
MAY OPEN OPPOSITION BITCHEH
SHOPS.— The silted butcher* of the claughter-
It-us* unions arc m>»- d!><cussinK the feasibility
<>t <-i*?riintr opposition ro-operative thops in
th* vicinity of such butchers as are knowr\ to
Fattjn;i.e the rlauphtT- houses under a boycott
In Hutrh^rtowrj.
TO ABOLISH hIDEWAI-K.— Tbe Board of
Public Works yesterday r*corr.mmded to the
nrmrd of Sujiervieors that the rldewalk on
tb* rark t ;<je of F\ilton street b*> abolished.
LADIES C-HOnV* TO SI.VG.— The first
evrnt in the Oourv cf entertainmects for
the irf-afou of l'.«O4-5 at the Vour.R Sim's ChH»
tlcn AFFociat'.on will take place to-morrow
*»»-n!n»t. mhev the Kutrrvcn Ladle*' Chcrus
nuir.lx-rir.F thirty-ftve voires. will gixe a con
cert.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
"General Kuropatkin personally lea
the First Siberian Corps to the sup
port of the hard pressed Samsonoff."
"General Kuroki fell upon the left
flank a half hour afterward. Orloff
was completely surprised. His troops,
composed mainly of reservists who
had been long out of the service, .were
uncontrollable and broke, going in the
direction of Yentai instead of back to
the mines.
BERLIN, Sept. 22. — A dispatch
from St. Petersburg to the Tageblatt.
apparently prompted by the Russian
War Department, put the blame for
General Orloff's failure to hold the
Yentai coal mmes equally upon Vice
roy Alexieff and General Orloff. The
correspondent' says:
"Alexieff detained Orloff on trivial
pretexts so that he reached the mines
at noon on September 1. wholly un
informed as to the situation. General
Samsonoff transmitted to him General
Kuropatkin'F strict order to hold the
mines at all costs, but when Orloff
heard the cannonading in the direc
tion of Sykwantun he marched toward
that place, leaving Samsonoff alone to
hold the mines.
Now Held Responsible for the Liao
jans Defeat.
ALKXIEFF AGA1X TO BLAME.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 21.— The
appointment of Grand Duke Sergius
to-day to the especially created post
of inspector general of artillery prac
tically confers on him the charge of
the whole artillery of the Russian
army, although his father, the aged
Grand Duke Michael, retains the nom-
Czar Creates New Post for the Grand
Duke Seririus.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. — That a
strict guard may be kept around the
Russian ship Lena to prevent damage
being done to her by a partisan the
Navy Department, at the request of
the commandant of the navy yard at
Mare Island, has ordered a detach
ment of 150 marines to San Francisco
for this duty.
Marines to Guard the Lena.
GIVEN CHARGE OF ARTILLERY
BERKELEY. Sept. 21.— William
Htnry Bryant, known to all West
Berkeleyans as "Daddy" Bryant, the
engineer of the West Berkeley local
pf the Southern Pacific Company, died
suddenly at his home, 2405 Telegraph
avenue, last night as the result of a
ruptured blood vessel. Bryant was a
native of Ontario, Canada, and 69
years old. A widow survives him. The
funeral will be held under the aus
pices of Durant Lodge of Masons, of
vhich he was a member, at 2 o'clock
Friday afternoon from the late resi
dence.
"Daddy" Bryant's Last Run.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 21.— The
official returns issued up to dntr of
the casualties among the Russian offi
cers at the battle of Liaoyang show
thc-m to have been 465 killed or
wcunded, including six generals and
thirty-nine field officers. Eighty offi
cers were killed, 372 were wounded
and thirteen are missing.
Many Russian Officers Slain.
GARDINER, Mont., Sept. 21.— Four
hundred dollars in gold currency were
found to-day in the railroad embank
ment near the depot at this place
wrapped up in an old sock and placed
there early in the spring. This sock 13
part of a cache made by D. W. Dwight.
who entered the saloon of Tripp &
Melloy April 27 and rifled the safe of
nearly a thousand dollars in gold, and
currency and Jewelry to the value of
$200. .
After the burglary Dwight left the
city and went to Livingston, where he
began drinking heavily and flashed a
hundred-dc-llar bill in payment for
drinks. The bartender grew suspicious
and notified the sheriff, who had the
prisoner shadowed. He was arrested
at Fridley and had in his possession
the stolen jewelry and a complete bur
glar's kit. During his trial Dwight
said that he had hid the money in two
socks on the railroad embankment, but
said he could not remember the exact
place. Diligent search was instituted
at the time at the- place designated by
the prisoner, but all efforts to recover
the money proved unavailing. The
matter was dropped until to-day, when
Dan Tripp, with a miner, we*nt to the
scene with the intention of making a
systematic search by digging up a
large portion of the embankment.
They had been searching about five
minutes, when they unearthed one of
the socks, which was found to contain
a little more than $400. The search
will continue in an endeavor to locate
the other sock.
Dwight is serving a six-year term in
the State penitentiary.
I.s Dug Out of Railroad
Eraba nkment.
$400 Stolen From Saloon Last April
ROBBERS' CACIJK IS FOUXD
XEAR GARDIXI-TR, MONTANA
PARIS, Sept. 21.— A dispatch to the
Temps from Mukaen, dated 7:30 p. m.
yesterday, says:
"The Russians executed reconnais
sances on Monday* which developed
that the main army of the Japanese
is about twenty-two miles southeast,
under General Kuroki, with two divi
sions at Yentai. 'The Japanese junks
turned back after succeeding in get
ting up the Liao. River almost to Sin
mintin. A great battle is expected
along the Hun River, which fronts
both sides."
River Separates the Forces of Kuro
patkin and Kttroki.
WILL BATTLE AT THE IIUX.
"The revolution was accomplished by
the liberal use of money. We bought
this general and that one— J3000 here.
$4000 there. We did not need Mr. Crom
well's money, for we took over the
treasury."
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— "William
Nelson Chomwell. counsel of the Pan
ama Canal Commission, offered me the
Presidency of the new republic of Pan
ama if I would start the revolution."
Such is the extraordinary statement
which was made by J. Gabriel Duque,
editor of the Panama Star and Herald,
who arrived here to-day.
"But I did not accept," Duque con
tinued, "and Mr. Cromwell did not pay
one cent to bring about the revolution,
though he did make promises that we
would have the help of this Govern
ment. It has been said that I had an
agreement with Secretary Hay. This
is false. But we knew that the United
States would not allow Colombians to
enter if we seized the reins of govern
ment.'
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Special Cable to The Ctd\ and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1JM. l>r the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
GENOA, Sept. 21.— The men and offi
cers of the American cruiser Baltimore,
which arrived here last week to coal
and go into dry dock, have seen Genoa
this time under tragic circumstances.
When the strike was at its worst
Commander Briggs called on the pre
fect and put his men, some 350 in num
ber, at the latter's disposition in case
of need.
I noticed that while mobs forced the
foreign consulates generally to take in
their flags, that on the American con
sulate continued to wave.
Saturday was the worst day. Violent
meetings were held in the morning
and after the speeches the crowd dis
persed through the city, creating terror
and havoc in many directions.
American Consul W. H. Bishop had
iEsued invitations that cfternoon to
meet the officers of the Baltimore, but
most of the guests were prevented ven
turing out by the insecure conditions on
the streets and the lack of conveyances.
Mrs. Seymour, wife of Lieutenant
Seymour, was kept indoors at the Hotel
Ifotta. Mrs. Clinton, wife of Lieuten- ,
ant Clinton, together with Lieutenant
Clinton** mother and Miss Anna Evans
and Mrs. Hope of New York, were de- '
tained at their hotel and other Ameri
cans at different hotels and in subur
ban towns were prevented continuing
their journeys.
The Daily Telegrapn's Chefu cor
respondent says that Japanese official
circles had thought that the fall of
Port Arthur would be coincident with
the Mikado's birthday, November 3. but
that they admit it has been postponed
until spring.
"It is significant." the correspondent
adds, "that winter quarters are being
prepared at Dalny. When Newchwang
is frozen Dalny will be the main base
of the whale operations.
"It is reliably stated that General
Nogi. in command of the Japanese
forces about Port Arthur, is preparing
a new scheme of attack, involving an
assault not upon the whole line, but
upon the commanding positions, it be
ing essential to speedily secure nurre
forts in order to enable the Japanese
to hold their present advantage."
LONDON, Sept. 22.— According to the
Morning Post's Japanese correspondent,
two of the Port Arthur forts the Japan,
ese are said to have occupied in the
vicinity of Shiushiylng are Nantsai and
Cbangkiatun, and their value to the
besiegers consists in the former being
close to the Antushan forts and the
latter to Dragoon Hill forts, the object
of the Japanese being to thrust a pow
erful wedge In the gap between the
eastern and western fortifications,
through which the railway passes to
Port Arthur from the north. Antushan
overlooks this gap and, though the Jap
anese failed to penetrate it sufficiently
in the assault of three weeks ago, the
persistency with which they returned
to the charge Is held to prove that the
taking of the gap is as essential to the
Japanese plan of campaign as it was a
decade ago.
According to the Daily Mail's Chefu
correspondent, the Japanese at Port
Arthur have mounted additional guns
on positions captured in the last as
sault. An attack from the sea, the
correspondent says, is now less effec
tive, owing to the eonitnual high angle
fire having serlouslj' affected the heavy
guns of the blockading fleet.
The correspondent at Tientsin of the
Daily Telegraph says that Japanese
gunboats have left Yinkow preliminary
to a^renewed and, it is said, final at
tack'on Port Arthur.
Wonderful things are being done by the
staffs of the different hospitals at Port Ar
thur, who are assisted by ladles. There are
thirty nurses for each 1000 patients. The
ladies devote mest of their time to the mak
ing of clothes for the soldiers. The laundry
work is done by poor women and the wives
of enlisted men. The sick and wounded are
thus kept supplied with clean clothing. The
laundry work has to be done In dreadful heat.
There are no contagious diseases at Port
Arthur, but many deaths are resulting from
the bite of a large red-headed flv, which feeds
on the. decomposing corpses scattered over the
battlefields. A doctor who was bitten on the
thumb by one of thes» file? Instantly severed th*
member. He then had his arm amputated,
but not befora the poison had reached his
heart. The result of the bite was fatal.
Every day In the week the band plays at
one of the hoFsltals.
The wounded men . recover quickly from the
wounds Inflicted by maxim projectiles and by
the bullets of the Ohska rifle, but the wounds
resulting from explosive bullet* are awful,
and recovery Is Impossible.
The o!d town of Port Arthur is almost en
tirely wrecked. The .streets are filled with
holes made by exploding shells. The loss of
life In Port Arthur from the bombardments
has been remarkably small. Once I counted
fifty-seven Japanese rhclls fired at a Russian
bcttery. not one of whl'-h reached Its mark. •
The Russian garrison is cheerful. It wraiM
b? impossible to Imagine a braver or finer
ppt of men. They return from three days'
duty In the trenches with songs on their lip*.
Although many . places In the ranks are va
tant all the men have unlimited confidence
In their power to hold the fortress against
the enemy.
1 a«suro you that I believe that Port Arthur
will stand acalnst thf Japanese; I do not think
thi stronghold will falL
CHEFU, Sept. 21. — Mrs. Anna
Kravtchenko/ the English wife of a
Russian army officer, who arrived on
the night of September 17 with Lieu
tenant Prince Radzivil from Port Ar
thur, is. the first woman to run the
blockade from the Russian stronghold
since the Japanese increased their
vigilance to prevent egress from the
port. Her trip was rendered extremely
perilous because she came out with
the Prince and his companion. Lieu
tenant Christoforoff, who carried mes
sages from Lieutenant General Stoes
sei, the commander at Port Arthur, to
General Kuropatkin. Both these offi
cers were disguised and had they been
captured by the Japanese they cer
tainly, would have been executed. Mrs.
Kravtchenko said:
We left Port Arthur at 8 o'elock on the
night of September 15. There was a good
wind and the moon was bright. We w«re guc
ctsaful in avoiding dancer of the first Japan
ese blockading line. We came up to the
second. line when the moon whs under a cloud.
Searchlights were flashing on aU aides, but our
junk wos not discovered.
'At <> o'clock the next mornins we saw a
steamship coming: In our direction. She had
th? appearance of a cruiser and I was ter
ribly frightened. When we saw .the cruiser
Prince Radzivil and Lieutenant Chrlstoforoft
went below. I stretched myself out on deck and
covered myself with dirty blankets. Chinese
were lying at my feet and at my sides, and
for nearly an hour, although nearly smothered,
I kept my position. I never uttered a more
thankful prayer than when I was Informed
that the steamship we had seen was a Red
Cross -vessel and that her captain had no In
tention of overhauling us.
' ST. PETERSBURG', Sept. 21. — Gen
eral Kuropatkin, telegraphing under
yesterday's date, declares. that the sit
uation dt the .front is unchanged. He
describes an outpost fight -on Tuesday
at Da Pass, half way between Bentsia
putze and Sintsintin. A«. Japanese
force, consisting of four companies,
marched up from Dziantchan, twenty
three miles northeast of Saimadzi, and
tried to capture the pass and turn the
Russian left . flank, but the Russians
repulsed the .attack and the turning
movement was checked by Russian
cavalry, supported by machine guns.
Jnpanese Repulsed in Attempt to
Flank the Russian IiCft.
FIGHT AT DA PASS.
Italian Prefect Told That
Cruiser Baltimore's 3fen
Were at His Disposal
Liberalise of Money, He
"Says, Brought About the
Rising of the Isthmians
Describes the Situation
in the Beleaguered
Stronghold.
PROFFER OF SERVICES
Persist in Their Attack
Upon the Antushan
Defenses.
Movable huts are Quite unsuitable
for the housing of the Japanese, ow
ing to the severity of the climate. The
average winter temperature is forty
degrees below zero and the cold is in
tensified by continual winds and an
almost entire absence of snow. In
spite of this, however, the campaign
probably will continue during the
winter, if the Japanese succeed in get
ting into Mukden. In this contingency
General Kuropatkin, for various rea
sons, will not be likely to allow the
Japanese to remain in undisturbed
possession of this point, which is im
portant not only from a strategical,
but from, a political point of view.
A resumption of the Japanese ad
vance is now expected to occur any
day. It is the third week since the
fighting at L.iaoyang and the Japanese
have had time to transport reinforce
ments from Yinkow and brine up
sufficient men to the front to replace
their losses, but it is not improbable
that several days will intervene before
the armies come to close quarters.
The interval is being devoted on both
sides to feeling out the strength and
disposition of the opposing forces. The
Japanese probably will attempt to
capture the passes of the Da Mountain
range, running half way between the
Hun and Taitse river's. The posses
sion of these passes is important for
the Japanese, as it will not only en
able them to march northward, but
nlso screen the movements of their
troops from the prying gaze of Rus
sian ECOUtS.
It is fully appreciated here that. the
Japanese must try for the possession
of Mukden, as otherwise it will be dif
ficult for them to provide the army
with winter quarters. Liaoyang does
not afford sufficient accommodations,
although many houses escaped de
struction in the recent battle.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept 22, 1:20
b. m.— There is further delay in the
decisive news from the front. The
situation at Port Arthur remains a
blank, though it is felt', that import
ant developments may be even now
occurring there. The movements in
the north are still of a tentative and
preparatory character on both, sides,
which' have not yet crystallized into a
definite clash of forces at any one
point.. . •. - - - - • '
inal title of grand master of ordnance.
Grand Duke Sergius is only 35 years
of age and won his promotion to the
rank of major general of artillery -by
sheer merit. He is a tireless worker
and is recognized as the leading Rus
sian artillery expert, especially in
quick firing guns, of which his palace
contains a complete collection.
Yankee Marines Beady to
Land at Genoa to Aid
in Quelling the Rioters
PRESIDENCY THE PKIZE
Panama Editor Alleges
That He Was Urged to
• Start the Eevolution
Nogi's Forces Attempt to
Pierce Port Arthur
Fortifications.
Japanese Will Make Desperate Attempt to Cap
ture City and Convert It Into Winter Base.
Woman Escapes Through
Japanese Blockade
at Port Arthur.
MOBS RESPECT
AMERICAN FLAG
SAYS CROMWELL
OFFERED BRIBE
ARMIES PREPARE FOR BATTLE AT MUKDEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, .1904.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f ' ¦ ' J %
The cure of a beautiful little girl,
whose picture heads this article Is an-
other distinct triumph for the Electro-
Chemic treatment. The little girl is
Rosa Solari. age seven years, the daugh-
ter of B. Solari of No. 4793 Telegraph
ave.. Oakland. Little Rosa suffered se-
verely from a catarrhal affection which
affected her in every way. but the most
serious effect was upon her ears. The
ears discharged foul and bad-smellinj?
matter, and the child could not hear. The
fact that she could not hear made it im-
possible for her to go to school with any
advantage, and it also affected her gen-
ernl health to such an extent that sh*
was miserable. Th»- Wt side of the head
was painful: she was weak; she could
not eat, and shf had no disposition for
piny. The Klectro-Chemic treatment
helped her from the very start. In a
very short time all pain in the head had
left, the discharging from the ears
stopped, her appetite returned, and. best
of all. she hears perfectly, whereas
she was almost deaf before takinjc
th* Klectro-Ohemic course. ¦ At a very
small expanse and in a very short time
the child has been perfectly cured. Her
parents are so delighted with the change*
in the little girl that they are only too
glad to make thi3 public acknowledg-
ment of the success of the Elt-ctro-
Chemif treatment in the serious case of
their little daughter. Any one Interested
in this caso is perfectly at liberty to call
upon the parents in regard to' it. And
thus the evidence is piled up. Grateful
patients are still giving public testimo-
nials of the remarkable curative effects
of Electro-Chemistry. These testimonials
are from well-known people and every
one is genuine. Electro-Chemistry Is th-»
only treatment known to science th.ir.
cures ringing head and ear noises. It 1*
the only treatment that cures chronic
discharging ears. It is the only treat-
ment that cures deafness with cer-
tainty. It seems strange that people
who have heard of the success of th«
Electro-Chemic treatment in ear diseases
are still continuing to waste money and
time upon the old-style methods of treat-
ment, which are so uncertain and which
rarely ever cure. The Electro-Chemio
treatment is the most successful treat-
ment known for the cure of Consump-
tion. Catarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. Rheu-
matism. Neuralgia, Locomotor Ataxia.
Paralysis, Falling Sickness, Epilepsy.
Dizziness. Headaches, Spots before tho
Eyes. Piles. Fissure. Fistula. Stricture.
Prostntitis. Varioocele. Nerve Exhaus-
tions. Cancers. Tumors. Old Sores. Al>-
scsses. Weak Heart. Palpitation. Short-
ness of EJr.Tith. Insomnia. Blood Poison.
Skin Diseases. Eczema. Goitre. Swollen
Joints, Weak Back. Kidney Diseases.
Bladder Diseases. Bright's Disease, Dia-
betop. Sperial Diseases 'of Women — Ir-
regularities. Misplacements. Ovarian
Pains, etc.. etc. The Electro-Chemic
X-Riy Esarn I nation is the most re-
liable examination that any sufferer
can have nnd it is absolutely free,
to all. The Eloctro-Chemie hom«»
treatment is very successful and the pa-'
tients are loaned a complete outfit for
the home treatment, free of charge. Pa-
tler.ts living at a distance should always
trj- to come for a personal examination
if possible. Otherwise a full description
of symptoms shoijld be s">nt in by letter
and free instructions will be given re-
srarding the home, course of Electro-
rhfrnic treatment. The success of th<»
El«»ctro-Ch<*mic prnrtlce has caused imi-
f.ntors to spring up. and as there is only
fine place Jn San Francisco ivnere . thl'*
most successful treatment can b<* had.
each pati»nt Should b*» very careful an«l
note the location of the Institute, which
is Xo. 1 1 9 Grant ave.. corner of. Post
street. Tho Electro-Chemic Institute
extends a cordial invitation for aU suf-
ferers to come for free consultation and
examination. The office hours are from
nine in the morning till five in the after-
noon and from seven to eight at night,
and on Sundays from nine in the morn-
Ing until one in the afternoon.
AN ARTISTIC TOUCH
On your shirt front, collars and cuffs in
their laundering ruKs to th^ir appear-
ance when worn. We claim just that—
the floiiiR of laundry work artistically. ""
especially on llr.ons. If you have not I
been aware of it. let us have your natnr*
and address aud we'll call for and de-
liver a sample order. 'Phone connection. •-
South 420.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY.
10O4 MABKET STSEZT. ;.
< Telephone South 420.
LAUD'S GITS STOKE.
Dealer* in yir*»nn«. Fi shine Tackla aad
SBorttne Goods of All DeicrtptJoas.
Camx> Ouiflti of Tent*. Bags. Stoves L*j-
Ctnza. Boots and Shoes. Send 3c pestax* lor
lOo-page . catalccu*.
OWH In mountains GAMP
STTafMTiS HOME of Sonoma Co.MIJ'.IES
Pure water, equable climate, lota sailing ».i>
up; cottase* built by Sleeker. $2o up; dapoc:
•tor«a: restaurant: hotel: pott and express,
telephone, aawmi'1: ©CO lots sold: S^o cottage*
bu!H. Sausallto feTry. N.S.R.R. M. C. U£EK.
EJt. Camp ileeker. Soacma County.
SOSTS SHORE HOTEL — On Tomales
Bay. Good tablo and accommodations. Hou*«
tas-llghted. Prices very reasonable MRS. J2
SHIELDS. Marsballs. il.irir. County.' Cal.
SCK A.TlTIIlt'S Q3OVE— SOS3 VAXXtXY.
! Private boardlnc; terms reasonable. • Team*
i metis Sunday morning train*. 1] In— URS. .
MATT LINDSAY. RoU SUllon. '
JJLost-A Lame BacLg
l| It is safe to say that over ten million lame ffl
\ X and weak backs iiave been relieved and cured ||
:] by wearing ALLCOCK'S PLASTERS. ffj
lH They are a wonderful combination of healing H
M gums, ABSOLUTELY SAFE, guaranteed If
r 7} to contain no belladonna or any other poison 13
r| and can be used on the tenderest skin. They pi
I -j cure by absorption. fij
I j Their immense sale during the past 57 years has p|
I $ caused legions of imitations. Beware of them. Hi
I j Ask for ALLCOCK'S and see that you get the germ- pd
|H inc. Don't be humbugged by any "Just as Good." Eg
»•• .— —.
yiBMIfT .....,' I imilBII-'-. —IMBIHI—HT^ —¦¦——¦«!—¦¦¦¦ I—Tll— wfr
San Francisco, Thursday, 22 September, 1004. ¦
You wouldn't want • )
a better table; $25
- \ It can be extended to eight feet in length and
possesses an unusual amount of style. Solid oak. \
golden finish, with quarter-sawed top. Heavy fluted
legs, and measures 48 inches square when closed.
¦;/:¦ Freight charges prepaid on goods shipped to any
point within 50 miles of San Francisco.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
1 £jg^pjB0^^pjBHfj||B3iBBHKHBBHBQBBBRBMBnBBHISDi^BsVBR^Bf3HHBBS^HBBsssVBBBBOARD OP TRADE ACTS.
Requests Members to Close Places of
Business , Durlnjr Parade.
The board of' directors of the Board
of Trade has requested all members
to close their places of business to
morrow morning that their employes
. The. nomination that evoked real en
thusiasm,- however, was the. mention
of "Washington. Scarcely had the ap
plause died away before several rep
resentatives : ( were on their feet saw
ing the air and demanding -to be al
lowed to second the nomination. Upon
recognition • from: the -chair Hughes
of Maryland placed Cleveland in nomi
nation, followed ; by Past • Grand Sire
Cable of Ohio, who preferred Phila
delphia, . . ¦
; Meanwhile there • was a • busy - knot
. - ¦ ¦' ; t , ¦¦- ' .-.¦'.--
"' . Promptly at 9 o'clock the . repre
sentatives filed into the hall and soon
began the work of the session. The
selection .of the next meeting place
was the first business of the day. -Rep
resentative Trautman of New .York
started the ball rolling- by placing in
nomination t the city of Montreal,-
Canada, as the most desirable. He
was immediately • followed ' by Repre-:
sentatlve Baker of California," who
proposed Sacramento./ Representative
Daniel of Georgia proposed New York,
and this nomination raised the; first
applause. Several seconds - to New
.York then "sprang to ' their feet and
each In ,a short seconding speech at
tempted to" portray the advantages of
meeting at the Eastern metropolis. .
WASHINGTON NOMINATED.
Second in importance to the elec
tion of the. grand officers of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows is the
deciding of the question as to where
to hold the' next session. That ques
tion came up for decision before yes
terday's meeting, and as is usually the
case f there was <nuch rivalry between
the representatives of the cities de
siring the honor. The struggle for the
selection was a long and hard one and
it lasted nearly three hours. After the
Votes had been counted it was found
ihat Washington, D. C, had been the
selection of the majority and the Odd
Fellows will meet in the capital , city
the second Monday of next September.
The remainder of the session was taken
up with hearing the reports of the vari
ous States and the submitting of candi
dates for the- decoration of chivalryj.
These reports were filed for further
consideration, none of them- being
acted upon. The decorations were or
dered to' be conferred In the evening
at Mechanics' Pavilion. .
Sovereign Grand Lodge Will. Meet
Next Year at National
Capital.
WASHINGTON IS SELECTED.
formed the newly decorated women
were escorted . to the Santa Cruz Re
bekah Lodge, and from there they dis
persed throughout the pavilion..
The remainder of the evening was de
voted to a promenade concert and
many took advantage of the music to
dance on the spacious floor of the pa
vilion. Nor was the merriment con
fined to the floor, for in side rooms and
booths there were gathered jolly
parties.
In the green room, which has been
tastefully decorated, were gathered a
large party of young folks and pretty
girls who listened to the musical se
lections furnished by Miss Sue John
ston, a young woman of rare talent
and quite prominent In local musical
circles. Music and dancing continued
the order of the evening until mid
night.
Grand Lodge in Native Sons'
10 n. m. — Sitting .of Grand
Encampment of California at
Odd Fellows' Building.
2. p. m. — Competitive drills by
Patriarchs Militant in Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
, 7 :3O p. m.— Dress Parade , of
Patriarchs Militant in Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
8 p. in.— Grand Decoration of
Chivalry, Mechanics' Pavilion.
Badge admission.
» n. in. — Concert, Mechanics'
Pavilion. l ' •."' \
10 a. m. — Sitting of Sovereign
To-Day's Programme.
Not an accident or unpleasant inci
dent marred the pleasure of the day.
The weather was nearly perfect. In
the early morning a haze hung over
the bay and shore, but about the time
the party started out the sun dispelled
this. As the boat pulled out from her
slip the band aboard playing patriot
ic airs the last trace of fog disap
peared.
The boat flrSt headed for the Gold
en Gate and from its decks the excur
sionists had a splendid view of the
water front and residences on the hill
sides. Passing: Angel and Alcatraz
islands and the frowning forts at
Black Point and the Presidio, the
guests looked out through the Golden
Gate and saw before them the broad
expanse . of the Pacific, calm and
peaceful as its name implies.
: Turning back, the steamer headed
for Mare Island, where the guests
aboard her had an excellent view of
the vessel whose unexpected arrival
in this harbor. caused speculation and
comment on two continents — the Rus
sian cruiser Lena, now stripped of her
fighting apparatus.
A stop of three hours was made at
Mare Island and the members of the
party were taken through the work
shops. . Many of them are from the
interior and found the visit to the
navy yard a liberal education. While
the party was inspecting the shops
the band which accompanied it gave
a concert of patriotic airs.
Every possible courtesy was shown
the visitors. Admiral McCalla enter
tained the members of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge at lunch. It was with
regret that the visitors again boarded
the Berkeley to return to this city.
The homeward trip was without In
cident. ". The sun shone brightly from
a cloudless ' sky and there was just
sufficient breeze blowing to make It
comfortable' aboard the boat. The
party passed close enough to Goat Isl
and to get a good view of the naval
training, station- there., A visit was
also made to the Union Iron Works.
The affair was managed by a joint
committee of .Odd Fellows and Re
bekahs jmade up as follows: Cap
tain Jones, who had charge of the
vessel: E.R. Moss, H. R. Wolff, R.
C. Stahle; E. Quintero. Mrs. G. Gress,
Miss E. Franklin and Mrs. Michaels.
One of the pleasantest features of
the encampment of the Odd Fellows
and one that will perhaps linger long
est in the memories of those fortunate
enough to enjoy it was the bay excur
sion yesterday on the big ferry-boat
Berkeley. At 9 o'clock a. m. the boat
pulled out, bearing at least 800 per
sons looking forward to a day of en
joyment. At 5 o'clock last evening 1 as
happy a group of excursionists as
ever stepped from steamer's deck to
shore was landed.
Visiting Odd Fellows Enjoy Trip to
Navy Yard at Mare Island.
EXCURSION ON THE BAY.
eOVERKIGN GRAND LODGE OF
THE ORDER OK ODD FEU.OWS.
IX SESSION YESTERDAY.
The first sound to break the stillness
was when little Miss Jessie Harris
pinned the decoration on Miss Ella Rose
of Indian Territory, the first of the
honored women, then the audience
burst into applause, which' increased as
Miss Ilattie E. Haight of Indian Terri
tory, Miss Anna H. Luders of Wash
ington and Miss Theora Moble'y . of
Idaho were decorated in turn.
' Previously to the actual conferring
of the decoration by the little .maid,
short speeches of welcome advice and
encouragement were ¦ made by Miss
Rachel E. Mitchell.' Mrs. Mabel Rich
ardson Kromiller, Miss Edna Hales and
Miss Carrie Inch, who formed a com
mittee of honor about the newly hon
ored membern.
To-night the conferring of the grand,
decoration of chivalry upon the promi
ment men of the Odd Fellows will take
place at the pavilion. The decoration
and the grand decoration bear some
what of a relation in Odd Felowshlp
that the Legion of Honor does in
France' or the Order of the Garter, in
England. It can only be "conferred
upon women whose husbands are mem
bers of a canton . or • who are them
selves members of the Rebekah sister
hood, "i In either case it must be. upon
the recommendation • of the canton or
lodge to which they belong. In order
that a' man 'may receive ; the grand
decoration he : must be recommended
by the canton, of which he is a member
or by the department commander. The
decoration is: a fitting emblem of the
high aims of the' order. ,
EVENING'S . ENTERTAINMENT. ~
After" the ' ceremony had ' been' per-
Given Meritorious Decorations
P. . of Chivalry.
• 'v^*£!{° wing the uattalion dri11 by the
rjVtriarchs- Militant and a review of the
!rn\,n in' uniform by. the highest com
rin'UncnnS' officers of the military branch
! /of jthe order, the decoration of chivalry
way tfotiferred oo four members of the
flo,hi-Katis for meritorious service in- be-»
fhaVf of the order.* Clothed in white and
i escorted by; uniformed officers the
l^wo/nen who were to receive the deco
j Vation marched to the center of the pa
vilion. There, while every corps stood
with bared, heads, they repeated after
Brigadier General ; H. O. Brower the
beautiful and solemn vows that arc
made upon receiving the decoration.
Slowly and solemnly the promise was
given 'to relieve distress, succor the
sick, comfort the bereaved, and help
wives and women," and although the
words of the speaker did not carry far,
the 'immense inclosure was silent dur
ing the ceremony. At last the final
words were reached, "I pledge my sa
cred honor," and General Brower .re
quested a. short prayer. The huge au
dience still remained silent while the
temporary grand chaplain, Peter Simp
kins, invoked a blessing on the event.
WOMEN DECORATED.
Members of R^bekah Ixxlges Are
of the line knocked his hat from his
head. . . .
VALLEJO IX LIXE.
This made the Vallejoites nervous
for a few moments, but they soon re
gained their steadiness. They executed
the manual of arms in excellent style
and went through the rest of the drill
well. Their turns were loudly ap
plauded and "right front into line" was
exceptionally well done. In dressing
line the files were inclined to shuffle and
move too slowly into position and the
experts made a note of this.
Watsonvllle's men were not far be
hind Vallejo in the manual of arms.
Th*>y erred slightly in the center, but
thr> experts were the "only ones who
noticed the technical mistakes. The
distances were not kept quite so well
as Vallejo kept them and in "mark
time" nart of the command was out
of step. As with all of the other corps
! the turns were good and the execution
of movements by three and sixes was
. carried out according to the strict line
i of the tactics.
The highest percentage is 100. Frac
tions of this percentage are to be de
ducted for errors. The prizes for cla>s
; A. which drills are to take place to-day,
are: First prize $250. second prize $150.
Class B: First prize $150, second prize
$100. Class C: First prize $100, second
i prize $50. The class A drill will be be
tween Sacramento and "Washington, D.
C. canton corps. If Washington wins
the additional sum of $750 will be
added to the first prize in accordance
with the special inducements offered
cantons outside of California, and to
the second prize will be added $350 if
Washington wins.
WOMEN RECEIVE HONORS.
On Friday there will be little busi
ness transacted by the Sovereign
Grand Lodge as tliat day is set asMe
for the parade. On Saturday will oc
cur-the installation of officers and the
appointment of the remaining officers
Over thirty reports from the States
were laid on the table to await the
action of: the Sovereign Grand Lodge.
This was in the course of routine busi
ness, and occupied only a short time.
The next event of importance was the
re'porting of names by the cantons and
departments, for the decoration of
chivalry. It was ordered that the dec
oration ; of the candidates for the
honor take place in the evening at Me
chanics' Pavilion. A second list was
submitted of candidates for the grand
decoration of chivalry, which ceremony
will take place to-night at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
WILL CONSIDER AMENDMENTS.
The next important business before
the session will be a special order, to
morrow, to consider the addition of an
amendment to the constitution to
change the age of entrance eligibility
to the order, from 21 to IS .years. The
constitution at present prescribes the
age of eligibility at 21. ¦
Another, amendment that will cause a
sensation is in. relation to the color line.
It is rumored that there are several
representatives in the Sovereign Grand
Lodge who are in favor of admitting
members of the negro, Asiatic and In
dian race. Should this amendment be
proposed it would precipitate the big
gest fight in the history of the order.
Many of the representatives would vote
against admitting the Japanese whose
eligibility, would be guaranteed by the
new amendment, on the ground that
the order was not prepared to admit
members of an alien race.
Many representatives are in favor of
admitting negroes. This will be stren
uously opposed by the Southern dele
gates. The main question, however,
is the ; admission of Indians and In
dian half-breeds throughout the Jur
isdictions of Oklahoma and Indian Ter
ritory. The question came up through
the desire' of many Odd Fellows who
settled In the Territories and married
Indian squaws to have their sons ad
mitted . to the order. To bring about
this result it will be necessary to
amend the constitution. Many repre
sentatives will oppose this, as being
the first step toward the admission of
objectionable members of the Indian
race. ' -:,r -; | {
At 11:30 the balloting began and soon
it was announced that Washington, D.
C, had won by an overwhelming ma
jority. Buffalo, the dark horse of the
contest,, stood second on the list, fol
lowed closely by Philadelphia. The
votes for the various cities were as fol
lows: Washington 9S, Buffalo 20, Phila
delphia IS, New York 1G, Cleveland 14,
and Montreal 11.
Fully an hour was taken up in mak
ing seconding speeches and showing
why other cities should not be entitled
to the next session. One of the repre
sentatives said that if the delegates
were to meet In New York the mem
bers of the order would become lost
in that city's mil lions.
desk that bore the placard "New
Yurk." These it was learned later
were preparing a dark horse that
turned out to be Buffalo, and the rep
resentatives favoring Washington cast
many distrustful glances their way.
of the Sovereign Grand Lodge. Satur
day's deliberations will close the
eightieth anual session. \
There were many complimentary re
marks by those who noted the line mili-
The dress parade occurred promptly
et S o'clock. The cantons were es
corted to the main floor by the Park
Band and formed on the south side of
the pavilion. The regular order of
dress parade as pr<=scrib^d by army
tactics was observed. After inspection
end the order to close ranks from open
order, the command "parade rest" was
given while the pretty ceremony of
conferring the decoration of chivalry
held the attention of th<> vast audience.
The First Regiment is composed of
three battalions. The first battalion
comprises two Sacramento cantons.
Major John Batcher commanding. The
second battalion comprises the Santa
Rosa and Na^a cantons, and the third
battalion the cantons of Visalia and
Fresno.
The Second Regiment, first battalion.
Is represented by tfan Francisco No. 5,
Oakland and Eureka cantons. Major C.
H. Kornber-k commanding: second bat
talion. San Jose ani Vallejo cantons.
Major M. V. Davis commanding, and
third battalion WatxonvIUe and Santa
Cruz. Major A. N. Judd commanding.
Colonel W. H. Sherburn commands
the First Regiment and Colonel C. H.
Wever of Alameda the Second Regi
ment. Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Wood
bridge of Los Angeles is with Colonel
Eherbum. and Lieutenant Colonel H.
A. Towle of Vallejo is with Colonel
"vTever.
CANTONS GATHER.
Brigadier General H. O. Brower was
delighted with the result of yesterday's
day of competitive drills and inspec
tions. The most spectacular feature of
th» evening's programme was the dress
parade and the conferring of the order
of chivalry by General Brower. In the
afternoon the competitive drills of four
cantons took place.
Assembly was sounded at 7 o'clock
in the evening, at which time every
canton representing the First and Sec
ond regiments, department of Califor
nia, was on the floor of the north wing
of the pavilion. In all there were about
S00 patriarchs militant ready for the
ceremony.
Cantons Execute Military Movements
Before Board of Judges.
of representatives gathered near the
Santa Barbara came on the floor with
an improved cadence and was a little
snappier than San Jose in executing
orders in the manual of arms. Santa
Barbara's corps seemed to have paid
especial attention to this part of . the
drill. There were some errors on the
right of the line. In company front the
step of the canton was firm and quick
and the alignment almost perfect. , In
the vblique marching there did not
eeem to be much difference between
San Jose and Santa Barbara. There
seemed to be an impression that Santa
Barbara will win the. prize for class C.
Vallejo in the class B drHls made a
fine showing and only two .serious
errors will mltigrate against the 'corps
being a strong favorite for. first place.
The fraters showed that they had
practiced carefully and devoted much
time to military ' detail and they will
probably win notwithstanding the mis
takes during the opening movements of
the test. One of 'the files -dropped his
sword Just before the company was or
dered to fall out for reformation and in
the sword inspection a file on the left
There were some slight errors in dis
tances in deploying column of threes
in open order and in forming column
of platoons to the front there was a
hitch In the alignment. The general
drill effect was exceedingly good, how
ever.
San Jose began the drill with a few
slight errors in the manual, due to
lack of unison, but .improved as the
drill progressed. In. the facings there
vas some delay in time and in dress
ing preliminary movements: Form
prompt enough in perfecting the
alignment. The right and left turns
were very well executed and were ap
plauded.
"Backward guide right" pleased the
experts and "left by files" to "form
three, left oblique" were good.
The drill regulations were . for
cadence in quick time and the follow
ing preliminary movements. Form
canton single rank, open ranks for in
pection, inspection of swords, inspec
tion of uniforms, inspection of mili
tary appearance and steadiness. Close
ranks, present and carry swords. The
rtgular drill then opened with the
manual of arms. • . .
Captain F. E. Colley commanded
San Jose and his officers were Lieu
tenant J. W. Darling and Ensign Lewis;
Jackson. Santa Barbara followed a ti
the expiration of the thirty minutes al^j
lotted for drill. Captain \V. H. ThompV
son commanded Santa Barbara No A3 6 ;
p.na had with him . Lieutenant : H. J/
Mitchell and Ensign John P. SmitJ*
In class B. Vallejo No. 16 came oh i
the floor first with Captain F. J. WAI- ;
t'.r in command, assisted by Lieutenant''
A. E. Edgcumbe and Ensign F. A"/;
Shortridge. Watsonville No. 32 folV
lowed with Captain A. E. Hall in com
mand, assisted by Lieutenant Pader
Anderson and Ensign L. Hartvigsen. ;
PRELIMINARY MOVEMENTS.
Four well drilled cantons each exe
cuted seventy-six specially selected
movements at tlie competitive drills
for visiting Odd Fellows yesterday af
ternoon. To-night the military judges
will name the winners of prizes. In
the interim friends of San Jose. Santa
Barbara. V'allejo and Watsonville can
tons must remain on the anxious seat.
The schedule of drill was carefully
arranged so as to carry the corps
through the school of the soldier and
the company. Grand captain general
of the Patriarchs Militant M. A. Raney
named Colonel Patterson. Major K. T.
Fvown and 1-ieutenant H. L. Landers
of the United States army, Coast Ar
tillery, to art as judges of the merits
and demerits of the competing can
tons. There were two classes in the
«Jrill. San Jose and Santa Barbara in
class C, with twelve men and three
officers, and Vallejo and Watsonville
in clars B. with eighteen men j and
three officers. San Jose was sched
uled to come on the floor first.
AFTERNOON" DRILLS
tary appearance of the cantons and
their proficiency in the trying maneu
vers of dress parade.
Brigadier General Brower explained
that the degree of Patriarchs Militant
is purely military and for display pur
poses and that all civic matters per
taining to its membership ran only be
arranged through the encampment
branch of the order. The unit of or
ganization of a degree is a canton,
»" h must consist of at least fifteen
m« .ubers. The cantons throughout the
United States are organized into bat
talions, regiments, brigades, divisions,
army corns and an army
The Department of California shows
that there are nineteen cantons, eight
battalions, three regiments and one bri
gade, with a total of 956 members.
The crack canton of "Washington, D.
C, will drill to-day against that of Sac
ramento. Great interest attaches to
this contest, for It will be the only one
In which an Eastern canton will parti
cipate. Chivalry is causing the local
patriots to lean in favor of the East
ern men. but loyalty to the State draws
them homeward again. No matter
which side wins there will be a lusty
cheer for the victor. No friendships
will be broken, for it is only friendly
rivalry that is spurring' the men on to
<3o their best.
To-morrow will be the bis day for
the encampment — the day of the
grand parade. Up to date fifteen di
visions have been provided for. Many
floats on which the Rebekahs will ride
and hundreds of carriages bearing the
members of the auxiliary order of the
Odd Fallows will be in line. Variety
eufficient to add to the interest in the
parade is promised and this should
hold the thousands of spectators until
the last division has passed.
The executive committee of the Odd
Fellows has requested the Citizens*
Committee to use its influence to get
•11 factories and steam vessels to blow
their whistles at the start of the pa
rade to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Admiral Whitinsr. U. S. X., Yerba
Buena Island, has piven instructions
that the naval tug take the lead at the
ferry slip and Henry T. Scott has ar
ranged for the Union Iron Works to
do its share at the appointed time.
•
DRESS PARADE AND DRILLS
To-day the Independent Order of Odd
Felluus will repeat its programme of
yesterday. The lack of variety will
cause no complaint, however, for the
competitive drills by the Patriarchs
ililitant proved picturesque and worthy
of repetition. The conferring of the
decoration of chivalry on members of
the Rebekah lodges who won the hon
or by meritorious v.ork was an inter
esting and stately ceremony, and was
applauded by an Immense throng that
Jammed Mechanics' Pavilion to the
doors.
Rebekahs Honored
for Assisting
the Order.
Thousands Applaud
the Efforts of
Cantons. ~
DRILL BY PATRIARCHS MILITANT PICTURESQUE EVENT OF ENCAMPMENT
Hundreds Enjoy an
Excursion on
the Bay.
Whistles to Mark
the Start of the
Parade.
may partlciate in or -witness the Odd
Fellows' paxade. A circular Issued by
the Board of Trade follows:
To the members: The Independent Order of
Odd Fellows will hold a. public parade on Fri
day, September 23, at 10 o'clock a. m. As
there are over six thousand members In this
city, and a large proportion of them are prac
tical working: men, employes of wholesale and
retail houses, for their benefit you are- par
ticularly requested to close your respective
places of business during the hours of th»
parade, from 8:30 o'clock a. n. to 1 o'clock
p. m.
INFANT IS IMPRISONED
IN BURNING HAMMOCK
little Leroy Smith Probably Fatally
Burned and a Family Left
Destitute.
Imprisoned In a hammock. Leroy
Smith, an eight-month-old baby, was
probably fatally burned yesterday
when the tent of its father. J. J.
Smith, located at Twelfth and-Harri
son streets, caught fire. There were
three other children under the canvas
at the time, but they escaped with
slight burns. The mother of the un
fortunate baby was badly burned
about the face and hands when she
rushed to the rescue of her infant.
She was absent from the tent when
the fire started. She returned to find
the canvas shelter in flames and
heard the shrieks of her children from
within. Mrs. Smith rushed Into the
burning tent and dragged out the four
elder children.
The baby was wrapped in a ham
mock. When the frantic mother
reached the little one the hammock
was burning. Little Leroy was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where he lies at the point of death.
The flre leaves the Smith family
destitute. The father. J. J. Smith,
arrived in this city a few days ago
and established a temporary home un
der canvas. He 's a horse clipper.
ADMISSION TO COUNTRY
MADE EASY FOR CHINESE
Commissioner Rules That ETidence
Taken After Landing Is Not Ad
missible in Deportation Cases.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 21. — By a
ruling of United States Commissioner
K. A. McKee the first statement of a
Chinese taken after his arrest for be
ing illegally within the boundaries of
the United States before the Chinese
Inspector or any inspector cannot be
used by the Government as evidence
against the Oriental.
The decision will have the effect of
making admission into this country
easy for a large number of Chinese, as
the Government has frequently relied
upon this evidence to secure deporta
tion, it having been found that the
Chinese were more likely to tell the
truth Immediately after arrest than
after they have had a chance to be
come posted by their countrymen.
SISKIYOU'S WHEAT CROP
FALLS BELOW AVERAGE
Hay and Fruit Yield Better Than
Usual — Timber Growth De
stroyed by Fire.
GAZELLE. Sept. 21.— The wheat crop
of Sisklyou has fallen below the aver
age, the Scott Valley and Little Shasta
yield being short. An average crop
was raised in Shasta Valley. The hay
crop and fruit yield have been better
than usual. The peach crop is a little
short and the crop of apple? Is fair.
Forest fires are doing considerable
damage in this vicinity. A flre that
started on Eddy Mountain, near Rain
bow, burned . over much valuable tim
ber. It reached the Mills place and
destroyed several acres of timber val
ued at $50 per acre. Its progress was
checked by a creek branch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1904.
mpressive Gathering of Uniformed Odd
Fellows on Dress Parade.
Sovereign Lodge Selects Washington
as Place of Next. Meeting.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGK HEADAGHE
i = — i Positively cured by
f* A DTTD O the8e iiitti© fuis.
VfHlVi Ll\w Tbey also rellero Dls-
ran tres3 f roa Dyspepsia. Ia-
MJP ll'YLE digestion and Too Hearty
Is! |\/PD Eating;. A perfect rem-
HI PILLS* Droyrslness, Bad Tasta
|gg ' jg| la the Mouth. Coated
{£§i95gM|3 Tontnie. Pain ta tlie Side.
gr " 1 *"" L. — ; — Itorpid uver. They
regulate tUe Bowels. Purely Vegetabls.
SMALL PILL SHALL DOSE. SHALL PRICE,
..pTcp'ol CPKE SICK HEADACHE.
brittle Genuine Must Bear
1 jg IVER Fac-Simtb Signature
jg PILLS. _Z*- ~
h visit DR. JORDAN'S qhkat^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 ' Cfr iso man? gg.ui txurx ir.ca. i
\ JOT Th« I. writ Autowul Matraa In tit \ '
Q Vr»r!d. Katiwa »t any tmtnct*A 3
7 ftSgS* d!i«t*« *••""***•**«¦«"•* »y lhaoldnt T ¦
O #ESJ£bI !>peei«:lM oo UU Com. Bn.]i;»n. 9
A JBjW A DR. JOStOAN-OISHASES OF HEN 4
ml JwD Ti«mnt pcnoaalljr or by Irner. A Q
Y fl f r T« H J?w<n*i Cm in trtrr caMtncInttkea. \
nt> lift Writt br B«k. r«V«i«P«T tf A 1 .
1 |J jl rtlMble bvok lot m#o> \
V DCJUEDIX A CO.. 1061 Market Mt.S. F. "
y-"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ;
jT-Jfa 629 KEABTTl- »T. Kstabllshi*
CfjpHln 1«54 for the treatment o(Prlv«t»
mWjSsB Diwuses. I-o«t M»niiood. Debl.lty or
I9flJBDJSftiiM»a!«» weariniron body and mind ana
jfltfBwBSltln Disuses. The DoctorcurMwlien
SjffoJ|fflnth"s »»!'. Try hiro^ J"£
Pr. J. r. glOBOM. Saw rrapdace. C«L
DIRECTORY;
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed :
on Application.
HtESE A3TD EAI.T 9DBATS.
lie DAVGC * Cfi SWpptBc Butchers. 1S3 j
JAS. BUYEJ & til. Clay. Tel. Mala 12»t. :
~ OXX.&
LCBRICATINO OILS: LTONAM> * EOIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Pfcona Mala 1T1>,
!;•.¦*"•! noraoii}>' ; '
L C. BUGHESi in saSSSTS ¦. r.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 - I r~\ f^ I il V T i rm rv^ K C 1
|| SHIPPING DEPARTMENT
"My son/* said Mrs.
Golden Gate, '•remem-
ber that you are one of
the Golden Gate family;
that you represent 54
years* successful coffee
experience of J. A.
Folder Si Co.; that the
reputation of the largest
coffee house in the West
is back of you.
•'Wherever you go a
royal welcome awaits
you/*
Nothing tfoea with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat satisfaction. No
prizes — no coupons — oo crockery.
I tod 2 Ib. trooftiilhl tins.
Never sold In bulk.
J. A. Folger (Si Co.
E,s t» blished Hsvlf m. Century .
San Francisco
GOINCJi CrOlNG»!l GOI^Elji
¦onctsf nuswir. ihficide tui un it. Toa'uTlfoiKJmcioL *
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
, • The ORKHNAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Cfena."
DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS LOADED recent for the public to realize the fearer of ner-
¦¦¦-¦'. • »ect Newbro s Herpklde positively destroy! tbe
Most younr *n4 ml<!d!e-«re4 men never know dandruff microbe; stops falling hair and protects
that their scalps are loaded with mlcroblc rrowths the scalp against reinfection. A dcllrhtful hair
until the hair has "rone off." Nature sends her dressing/ Stops Itching Instantly . Its Immense
warnings of dandruff. Itching scalp and falling popularity prove* Its goodness. Save your hair
hah* but the discovery of the danuruff germ Is too while you have hur to save.
Oru Stem. $1.00. Sal 10c* staos, to HERPICIDE CO, Dent R, Detroit Mid. (or i ubsMl -
¦ -'v APPLICATIONS AT PHOH ISENT 8A2BEb' BBOPS.! OAKLAND, Sept 21.— Mrs. Bertha
Williams, the young mother who told
the police she had stolen $5 from her
friend, Mrs. Fred . Henshel. 867 Camn
bell street to buy food for herself and
baby, was discharged in the Police
Court to-day. Mrs. Henshel >,« had" no
desire to prosecute.' It * is -* believed
Mrs. Williams is slightly denogntad.
Young Mother Not Prosecuted.
Three very Interesting addresses were de
livered before the Oakland Club to-day by
Mrs. John Bakewell, Miss M. R. Babson and
Miss Eva V. Carlin. Mra Bakewell was a
delegate to- the recent biennial at St Louis
and gave a review of her trip. "Reciprocity"
was Miss Babson's formidable sounding topic
and Miss Carlin spoke on "Municipal Art and
Economy in Europe."
Mrs. Moore was chairman of the committee
on music and under' her direction the follow
ing excellent programme was given:
Solo — "Ave Mari&T .'. Schubert
. Miss Alta Countryman.
Solo— "Ouvriez" Joseph Dressauer
Miss Elva Johnson.
Solo — "The Spirit Song" Joseph Haydn
Miss Ruby Moore.
Soprano solo— "Love" Augusta Holmes
Mrs. Jessie Dean Moore.
i Accompanist, Mrs. F. H. Van Tassel.
• • • '•
Mrs. George Hammer, who Is now located
In a cozy home in Linda Vista, will entertain
a party of young people at luncheon Friday.
ASKS HEAVY. DAMAGES.— Oakland, S-pt.
21. — Suit for $27,775 damages for Injuries al
leged to have been sustained In a train acci
dent near Pleasanton In January, 1903, was
begun to-day by Mary E. Black, formerly
matron of th«» City and County Hospital in San
Francisco, against the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Her knee was injured and she says she
has been disabled for life.
FIRES SHOT THROUGH DOOR.— Alameda,
Sept. 21.— John A. C.: pierks of 2050 Eagle
avenue was arrested to-day In San Francisco
by Detective William Wahmuth for firing a
pistol -bullet through the door of his home Sun
day night. Mrs. Isabella . Dlerks swore to a
complaint charging her husband with disturb
ing the peace. She says he started to bombard
the bouse while intoxicated. Dlerks' ball has
been fixed at $900. % /
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. Sept *
21. — The following marriage licenses were
Issued by the County Clerk to-day: Rudolph
Lockwood, over 21. ¦ and Hattie Prescott. over
18. both of Oakland; Yukawa K- Ichl, 28 San
Francisco, and Kame N. Kawa, 34, Mills Col
lege; Girard Havena.,21, and Julia Smith, 19,
both of Oakland; Bennett Kldd, over 21, and
May B\ : Sullivan, enrvr 18, . both of s Stockton ;
Horace D. Carter, ¦ over 21, and Florence, JaclBr
,-son. «y«t 18». bctS. at Onkjftnd.
OAKLAND, Sept 21. — Christopher
Murphy.' charged with assault with a
deadly weapon on J. R. Lewis, was
found guilty by a Jury to-day and will
come up for sentence next Friday. He
is a member of the Teamsters' Union
in San Francisco and assaulted Lewis
because the latter acted as a special
•policeman during the strike. Lewis
was assaulted at the Oakland mole on
the night of July 4, when the picnick
ers were returning from Shell Mound
Park. He was knocked senseless and
beaten by a number of men who en
gaged in the assault
Teamster Guilty of Assault.
x DEATH BY ASPHYXIATION.— Henry Sul
livan, a lumber la'borer from' Idaho, was found
dead in ; a room at U300% i Stockton j street yes
' terday *morntn«;. ' He '¦ ' arrived ' at- ¦ the house
about 8 ¦ o'clock . Tuesday,:. night and went to
,hl0 'room.:.. 1 - About - 1' a. m. Landlord Joseph
Monchu detected an odorof eaa, ' In the morn-
Ing at Bedn»aker.f Jullen Larsell forced
open the door and' found Sullivan, dead. Tha
transom jWaa open 'when Sullivan -retired, but
was: closed when the body was found.- It was
evidently, a case of suicide. .
It was decided that all members of
the club — and they number some
thing like 1400 — shall be assessed $1
each to defray necessary, expenses of
the Campaign. Short speeches were
made by A-Van der Nailfen-Jr., W. de
St. P. Seita, B. Blauert and Alfred
FuhrmanV^ Charles • Alpers gave a
number of humorous recitations.
Judge M. J. Waldheimer'gpoke elo
quently of the fine condition of the
country and of Roosevelt's splendid
career.
Colonel Wieneke will leave next
week for a month's visit to the East,
but the work of the club will be
pushed with vigor during his absence
The German-American Republican
Club held a spirited meeting at 8
O'Farrell street last night. Great en
thusiasm prevailed. The following of
ficers were elected:. President, Colonel
f Robert Wieneke;- first vice president.
C. B. Rod; second vice-president. B.
Blanert; third vice president, Carl J.
Kuss; secretary,. Carl W. Mueller, and
treasurer, William Plagemann. The
president was granted time to appoint
executive and finance committees.
German Republicans.
ABERDEEN— Arrived " Sept -21-^-Stmr •" Can- ¦
tralia, bence Sept .. 18; • stmr .. Newburgr, henca
Sept 17: etmr Melville Dollar, fiance Sept 18. ;
SEATTLE— Arrived Sect' 21— Stmr 'City of
Seattle.from Skasway--.. -^. .\ --- ¦-*¦¦ ..—
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Olymnia, for Nome.
OCBAN STEAMERS. *' ' /; * ;
NEW YORK— Arrived 8«pt 21— StinflKoenU.
Ben Luise, from .. Naples anfl *• Genoa: ', stmr
Nekar, . from < Bremen : Btmr ,• Teutonic,' /from
Liverpool' and Queenstown.> ..-.-¦ ¦.; . ¦•¦p.,\ •};
Sailed Sejst " 21— Stmr Cteyjo. for - Liverpool)
etmr Syrian, for Hamburg; ' stmr Oceanic,; fqr
Liverpool. -:' .' : '. • '' ¦ ¦ '¦'-. -f.' r"
LONDON— Arrived Sept, 21— Stmr . Lancas
trian from Boston. *: • ¦'-V-. . - r .- '
Bailed Sept 21— Stmr Cambrian.- for .Bostorii
QUEEN STOW N— Arrived Sept 21—Stmr^Ma
jestic, trom New York, for Liverpool. • Y-
Sailed S»Dt 21— Stmr ¦ Carpatbia, . from LivC
erpool. for New York. * . ' . .
' DOVER— Sailed Sent 21— Stmr Moltke, from
Hamburg:, for New York. „
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Baltlo.
for New York, ria Queenstown; etmr Merion,
for Philadelphia, ria Queenstown. SeDt 20—
Stmr ' Sylv-ania, for Boston.
Arrived SeDt 20 — Stmr Weiternland, from
Philadelphia. .
CHEHBOURO — Balled Sapt 21— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II, from Bremen and Southampton,
for New York. '
Btmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka. . ¦.:-
fcUrnr Breakwater, Seaman, Coos" Bay.
Ger etmr H*ro -. Tacoma, . . :.
Brie Geneva, Chase, Grays Harbor. 1 I
DOMESTIC PORTS.' '
..• ¦¦: ARRIVED.. ¦ ¦ ...... ,v\:V
¦f-'t&'i ¦"; * Wednesday, .Sept- 21; ;
Bktn Gleaner, Schmebl,' .¦ 8 day« -from, Wll
lapa Harbor..' . , ' : "¦ ¦*>"• - 4 r
Schr John A. Olsen,' 7 days' from Eureka.
SAILED. ;
Wednesday, ' Sept 21. !
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21. — The Five
Hundred Club of St. Patrick's parish
in West Oakland will give an enter
tainment and dance to-morrow even
ing at Alcatraz Hall for the benefit of
the jubilee fair of St. Anthony's par
ish, which will open about the middle
of October. Among those who will
take part In the programme are Miss
Rose Thilbon, A. Cosgrove and Joseph
McVey. The members of the com
mittee In charge of the entertainment
are Miss Rose Shortt, Miss Marie
Cunningham, Miss L. Cunningham,
Miss M. Thilbon. Miss R. Thilbon,
Miss Frances Stroinski. Miss Clara
Stroinskt Miss M. Kane, Miss Agnes
Harrington. Miss K. Carroll, Miss K.
Ahem. Miss M. Shortt, S. P. Kane, J.
J. Connally, Lloyd Sterling, George
Shortt, Henry Shean. Leo J. Cuddy
Andrew Flynn and M. L. Carroll.
Dance for Benefit of Fair.
The ladies of St. Joseph's' booth;
under the direction of Mrs. William
R. Walsh," are making extensive prep
arations for an entertainment and
dance to be given next Wednesday
evening at St. Rose's Hall. Brannan
street, between Fourth and Fifth. The
affair promises to be very successful.
It is for the benefit of St Rose's fair,
which opens in October. The pro
gramme contains some of the city's
best amateur talent. . ... . . : . ':
To Give Benefit Entertainment.
Difficulties in the way of supply
ing this city with potable water from
the Sierra Nevada Mountains were set
forth yesterday by Chief Engineer
Schussler of the Spring Valley Water
Works before United States Commis
sioner Heacock.
He said that without the ownership
of the Crystal Springs reservoir prop
erties it would require, besides the
headworks and canals In the Sierra,
not less than five independent 'pipe
lines, each forty-eight inches in diam
eter, having a daily capacity of 30,
000,000 gallons each, accompanied by
at least one additional safety line of
the same diameter and capacity.
The ;electric pumping plants would
also have to .be correspondingly In
creased '. in number and capacity, so
as to bring them up from 30,000.000
gallons over one pipe line to an aver
age of 130i000, 000 gallons per day. In
order, to . have this average supply ca
pacity additional carrying capacity of
from 15 to 20 per cent must be pro
vided'for to meet the fluctuations be
tween ' the ' average and 'the maximum
daily consumption. Forthis purpose
four forty-eight inch pipe lines would
riot be able to carry this average, quan
tity,' but It would require five lines to
>do' it. ¦ ;• ¦¦.•: ¦¦¦¦;' -¦-:-¦', : - : ¦
Spring Valley's Engineer Explains
What Should Be Done to *-Tap
Mountain Supply.
Sons of Revolution Meet.
/"A meeting of the board of managers
ofj the" California Society of the Sons
»of the American Revolution was held
last night Colonel A. D. Cutler pre
9lding. It was announced that the
'executive committee of the national
society would not decide until De
cember as to whether the next na
tional congress of the society would
be held in San Francisco in 1905. The
committee in charge of arrangements
for the banquet of October 19, to com
memorate the surrender of Lord Corn
wallis, reported that the following
men had consented to deliver speeches
after the dinner: Frank H. Gould;
Judge Henry Melvin, E. H. Hart and
Colonel E. H. Hindes. The following
having been found eligible to mem
bership were admitted to the society:
McColIough Graydon, William Jay
Loveland, Clarence E. Washburn of
Los Angeles, Marshal Hale, Herbert
Le Baron Smith, Maurice A. Hall.
Joseph Alonzo Sheldon, Howard Rus
sell Hurlbut, Hugh St. Clair Sommer
of Manila, James Bruce Marvin, Hugh
Shafter Aldrich, Albert Terrell Derby.
George Warren Hooper, Martin Col
lins Polk of Oroville, Ridgway L.
Rowley, Joseph Reno Mayhew, James
Buchanan Miller.
SCHUSSLER TALKS ABOUT
I SIERRA NEVADA WATER
PLEASiLNTON, Sept. 21. — A bold
attempt was made by burglars early
this morning to blow open the safe
in the store of Philip Kolb, a general
merchant of Pleasanton, but the
crooks were discovered at their work
by Victorino Silva, who was paaslng
through the town on his way to Oak
land, and he notified the proprietor.
When Kolb reached the store ' the
burglars had escaped without securing
any plunder. „ /:.
Tried to Blow Up Safe.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 21. — Superintend
ent G. A. Wiese of the municipal elec
tric light department and City Trustee
William M. Bowers, chairman of the
committee In charge of Alameda's illu
minating- plant, are at outs. Wiese
affirms that Bowers has demanded his
resignation. The City Trustee asserts
he simply told the superintendent that
If he did not operate the department
the way the Trustees desired he might
as well quit. There has been friction
between Wiese and Bowers over the
plant and this was brought to a
head recently when Bowers "docked"
the salary of the superintendent $15
for going on a vacation without the
consent of the chairman. Wiese de
manded the money and filed a signed
statement by Dr. H. M. Pond, a mem
ber of the Board of Trustees, that it
was necessary for Wiese to take the
vacation.
Bowers Wants Wiese's Scalp.
JOHN BLACK, 1VIIO ASSAULTED
E. J. TREESE. FOUND GUILTY
Robber and Burglar Who Worked to
the Mission Last Whiter Win
Go to Prison.
John Black, 'alias Thomas Callah&n.
was found guilty of assault with In
tent to commit robbery last night in
Judge Dunne's court. Three other
charges are pending against Black —
two assaults to commit murder and. an
attempt to commit burglary. On
these he -will be tried In the near fu
ture. „' '' ' J
Black heMuD and shot E.-J. Trejtse
when Treese resisted being robbed; at
Twenty-second and. Dolores streets -on
March 20. He/ also robbed the,|Criox
grocery, at Twenty- first . and \\Va
lencia streets. He' was released from
Folsom after serving an eight-year sen
tence ending on February 8. When
on trial Black denied a previous con
viction and was proved to be an ex
convict.
George H. Foulk was arrested yes
terday by Corporal Lyons and Secre
tary White of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren on a charge of cruelty to a minor
child. Foulk is a cement stamper and
Is 6 feet 2 inches tall. It is said that
his wife, through a lack of proper
nourishment, has become temporarily
deranged and has disappeared. She
and the three children, two girls and
a boy, have been dependent for some
time upon the neighbors for support.
When Lyons and White visited the
Foulk home on Farallon street.
Ocean View, late Tuesday night they
found the three children alone in the
house and in a deplorable condition.
Foulk came home early . yesterday
morning under the Influence of liquor.
This, the neighbors say, is his normal
'condition. The children will be placed
in public Institutions and an effort will
be* made to find the mother.
His Wife, Who Has Disappeared, Is
Said to Be Ircsponsible From
Lack of Food.
FOtTLK CHARGED WITH
CRUEI/TY TO CIIILDREX
Miss Letltia Barry, who is to be Miss Ken
dall's maid of honor in November, was hostess
yesterday at a pretty affair complimentary to
the bride-to-be. Asters and carnations, In au
tumn tones, formed a charming background for
the bevy of daintily gowned girls in the re
ceiving party, the young* guest of honor being
herself very becomingly attired in a pink em
broidered mull.
Miss Barry was assisted in receiving by Miss
Noelle de Golla. Misa Llllle Reed. Miss Effle
Wade, Mrs. Philip T. Clay. Mlsa Myrtle Sims,
Miss Lucretla Burnham, Miss May Coogan,
Mlsa Vlvv Nicholson, the Misses McElrath.
Miss Cornelia Stratton, Miss Eleanor Gelssler
and Miss Lillian Isaacs.
Mies Bthel Mott's engagement to Phillip
Rosenhelm la also a subject of much discus
sion. The daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Mott, she is a girl of "stunning" appearance,
with a crown of Titian hair. She Is a daring
equestrienne and is frequently seen riding a
beautiful horse.
"Phil" Rosenhelm la promlnest here tn ath
lete circles, being a member of the executive
committee of the Reliance Club. He and Percy,'
Mott, the bride-elect's brother, were members)
of the racing team years ago, and also -pra»l-p
nent wheelmen of the club, and it was In. thelt ,
association that the romance that . has Jijbc
come to light had its beginning. . ¦ / r
• • • _ f V
A recertf bride, Mrs. Stuart Rawlings, . was ,
the- honored guest last evening; at a card party;
given by Mrs. Walter Hughes Henry. The
guests were: . . "- ; ¦ >V • \
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Houston alarxi
Mr. and MrB. George Hammer, Mr. and "IJrSjN
Robert M. Fitzgerald. Mr. and Mrs. WilWa*
Hamilton Morrison, ilr. and Mrs. Frederiqft
Page Cutting, Mr. and Mm Henry Dretf
Nichols, Mr. and Mrs. Rawllnga, Miss Jan«.
Rawllngs, Mrs. Frank Mclaughlin; Miss Anita*
Whitney, Eugene B. Beck, Charles E. Town-
Bend and Ernest Dyer.
Both Aldrich and Wlllard Barton, brothers
of the bridegroom, are immensely popular here,
both being university men and members of
the Delta Kappa Epsllon fraternity. Mr. Bar
ton is a eon of Mrs. W. T. Barton,' who is
well known for her active work for Fablola
Hospital, of which she Is one of the- lady
managers. The -Bartons are wealthy and have
always occupied a high social position here,
so the marriage, for which no -date has yet
been set, will be one. of more than ordinary
interest.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2L — Another engagement!
Two of them, in fact. Really, affairs of the
heart seem to be continually on tap in Oak
land, much to the gratification of the society
reporter, . who would -search the social nooks
in vain, sometimes, for dainty tld-blts of gos
sip if the ever-present engaged/ girl did not
furnish perpetual inspiration.
The engagement of Miss Martha Coffin and
Aldiich Barton has become known, in spite of
their efforts to keep their secret for awhile
happy secrets have such a habit of proclaim
ing themselves from the housetops. Both these
young persons are prominent socially and really
popular as well, so the announcement of their
engagement gives another lmpetua to the
merry whirl of dinners, teas and dances al
ready planned for the winter.
Miss Coffin is tbe daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
A. F. Coffin and le highly accomplished. Her
father Is the well known San Francisco broker
and the very artistic home on Vernon Heights
has been the scene of many a charming social
function.
ENGAGEMENTS.
By Zoc Green Radcllffo.
Garrick M. Borden, staff lecturer in tbe
university extension department, has returned
from Harvard University and a tour of the
New England States and is prepared to re
sume his work as lecturer.
"The Open Ehop" will be the subject of the
contest thin year for the Bonnheim prise. The
contest will be held on a day yet to be an
nounced in the first week of December.
The Prytanean Society, the honor society
for senior women, has elected to membership
the Mlfws Efne Kroll, Harriet Smyth, Flora
Frlckstad, Nellie McCarthy, Greta Augnstine,
Sue Rose, Alice Johnston, Helen Week*, Alma
Barnett, Sybil Jones and Gertrude Davidson.
Walter J. Burpee, '03, has entered the
Harvard law school. Burpee is well known
among the Etudents for his activity in de
bating contests.
A bureau designed to aid graduate students
in agriculture to find positions is about to
be established by the Experimental Station
Bureau of the United States at the College of
Agriculture. The register will include three
general classes — administrative officers, includ
ing th« presidents or deans of the various
arricultural colleges; members of the scien
tific staffs and members of the graduating
classes who are recommended by the faculty
for places as teachers or investigators.
The post of assistant instructor in civil en
gineering has been given Fred H. Tlbbets
of the class of '04.
The annual meeting of the Alumnae Associa
tion will be held at 1620 California street,
San Francisco, on September 24. A luncheon
will also be given In honor of Mrs. Earl Wil
son de Moe of Wisconsin.
EERKEL.ET. Sept. 21.— Ben Greet 1 a oom
pany of English players will return to the
coast in time to play "Hamlet" at the Greek
Theater on Saturday, October 1, and to follow
with an extended engagement in Ban Fran
cisco, where "Hamlet," "Everyman" and "A«
You Like It" will be given. The version of
"Hamlet" to be presented at the Greek The
ater is that published in 1603, not the one
of 1623 that is known to all theater-goero.
Jackson Gregory, editor of the '<M Blue and
Gold, has appointed B. S. Norton, William S.
Andrewg and Mies Gladys Meyer as a board
of managing editors.
Tbe production of the Greek play, the
"AJax" of Sophocles, has been definitely set
for October 13 in the Greek Theater.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
NATIVES GIVE INDOOR . .
FAIR AT HAYWARDS
Hon. Joseph Knowland, President of
Grand Board of Trustees, Deliv
ers Opening Address.
OAKLAND. Sept 21. — The indoor
fair of the Xati%-e Sons and Daugh
ters of Haywards was opened this
evening and Native Sons' Hall was
crowded. «
The opening addresses were deliv
ered by Senator Joseph Knowland,
president of the gTand board of trus
tees, and by Miss Laura J. Frakes,
Rrand secretary of the Native Daugh
ters. The fair will continue until Sat
urday night and an entertainment has
been arranged for each evening. In
cluding sketches by C J. Heeseman
of Oakland, the Elks* Quartet and
other well-known entertainers. There
will be dancing every night in the
gymnasium attached to the hall.
EAST FRANCISCO COUPLE
SECRETLY WED EN" OAKLAND
Yozmg Folks Slip Away Without Tell*
ing Their Friends of Their
Intentions.
OAKLAND, Bept. 21^-^Tha secret
mcj-rlage of Miss Gladys Moss, the
daughter of a prominent manufac
turer of Saa Francisco, and Dr. Mun
roe Marx, a well known dentist, also
residing In San Francisco, has Just
been made public The ceremony was
performed in this city September 17.
George A- Moss, the father of the
bride, says that while the event was
entirely unexpected, • there is no ob
jection to the young lady'a choice of
a husband, although it was expected
that she was about to leave for the
Eaet to complete her studies in music.
ROBBERY CHARGE NOT SUSTAINED.—
Oakland. 6«?t. 21.— J. C. Baxter and J. F.
O'Connor, charged by E. S. Sinai, a Junkman,
¦with robblns him of 10 cents, were freed to
<lay after examination before Police Judge
Emlth. The evidence ehcrwrd that Sinai had
voluntarily civen tie men money with which
to buy licaor.
A final decree of divorce granted Ida
Hebert from A. J. Hebert a year ago
was set aside to-<3ay on petition of At
torney W. H, L. Hynes and an inter
locutory decree granted In its stead. She
•will wait another rear to get her final
decree.
Ada L. French has dismissed her di
vorce action begun against F. W.
French.
In order to settle the question of
¦whether he is entitled to a final de
cree of divorce for his client, upon a
nunc pro tune , interlocutory decree of
divorce granted P. Claudius from Ge
elne Claudius by Judge Melvin last
Thursday. Attorney Asa V. Menden
hail will apply to. the Supreme Court
in the morning for a writ of mandate
to compel Judge Melvin to give him a
tinal decree.
Claudius is a traveling salesman, and
¦was granted a final decree of divorce
a. year ago. Then the Supreme Court
upheld the constitutionality of the
present law and the final decree was
considered void. Last Thursday Men
denhall. after waiting a year, asked for
ca Interlocutory decree in the place of
the final decree. Judge Melvin signed
an Interlocutory decree as of the same
date as the final decree he had signed
on September 4, 1903. The record then
showing an Interlocutory decree had
been signed a year ago. Attorney Men
denhall asked for his final decree. This
Judge Melvin has declined to sign, stat
ing that a year must elapse before
the interlocutory decree has run out.
As it was signed as of the date of a
year ago. Attorney Mendenhall does
not Bee why his client should wait a
day longer, and will take the matter
to the highest court.
Mrs. Aima A. Crowley was grant
ed an Interlocutory decree of divorce
this afternoon from Dr. D. D. Crowley
on the ground of desertion. She was
awarded the custody of their two boya
and J1S0 a month alimony.
Fred Miller, sexton of the Evergreen
Cemetery, was granted a divorce from
Rosa Miller this afternoon by Judge
Ogden on the ground of Intemperance.
He was also awarded the custody of
their three children.
A final decree of divorce was granted
Mary J. Johnson to-day from Edward
P. Johnson, a civil engineer on the
ground of cruelty.
Suit for divorce was begun by Mary
E. Smith against William H. Smith,
an East Oakland plumber, to-day. He
is serving a three days' sentence in the
City Prison for being drunk and was
eerved with a copy of the complaint
in jalL •<.-.;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadwar, Sept- 2L
Thursday evening, 8 o'clock — Professor El
wood Mead, "Irrigation Abroad," an account
of recent observations in foreign irrigated
countries, illustrated by lantern slides of not
able irrigation structures, etc.
For the further edification of the
visitors a regimental drill and parade
of the university cadet command, will
be held at 11 o'clock on Wednesday
morning.
Thursday morning, October 27. 9 o'clock-
General Eubject, "Agricultural Development."
W. V. Stafford. State Commissioner of Labor
Statistics. San Francisco, "Farm Labor In Cal
ifornia"; Professor Elwood Mead, chief of ir
rigation and drainage Investigations, United
States Department of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C, "The Need of Training in Agricultural
Engineering"; C. H. Markham, vice president
and general manager Southern Pacific Com
pany. San Francisco. "The Farmer and the
Railroad; Their Relation."
Thursday afternoon, 2 o'clock — General sub
ject, "Agricultural Economics." E. F. Adama,
agricultural editor the Chronicle. San Fran
cisco, "The Fanner as a Business Man";
Charles H. Bentley, manager sales department
California Fruit Canners' Association, "The
Merchant as a Factor in Marketing"; Profes
sor Carl C. Plehn, "Taxation"; John Tuohy,
Tulare, "Taxation for State and County Reve
nue."
Wednesday morning. October 26. 9 o'clock —
General subject, "Agricultural Education."
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, ."Recent De
velopments In Agricultural Education"; Pro
fessor E. W. Hilgard "Evolution of Modern
Agriculture"; Hon. P. J. Shields, Superior
Judge. Sacramento. "Material, Social and Edu
cational Value of Instruction In Agriculture";
Dr. Leroy Anderson, director of California
Polytechnic School. San Luis Obiapo, "Agri
culture in Secondary Schools."
Wednesday afternoon. 2 o'clock — General
subject. "Agricultural Organization." A. R.
Eprague, president California Fruit Exchange,
Sacramento. "Essentials of Agricultural Or
ganization"; J. H. Reed. Riverside, "Need of
Organization for Closer Study of California
Fruits": Professor A. J. Cook, conductor of
farmers' institutes In Southern California,
"Farmers' Clubs and Farmers' Institutes"; D.
T. Fowler, conductor of farmers' Institutes In
Central and Northern California, "The Roch
dale System in California." . .
Wednesday, evening. 8 o'clock — General sub
ject.- "Agricultural Research." Professor C.
W. Woodworth. "Progress In Agricultural In-'
vestliration" ; short addresses upon special lines
of Investigation by Professors M. E. Jaffa, E.
W. Major. A. V. Stubenrauch. R. E. Smith
and G. W. Shaw.
There will be a great gathering of
farmers, active and scientific, when the
California Farmers' Institute meets
next month at the University of Cali
fornia. The session will extend over
three days, October 25, 26 and 27, and
farmers will come from every corner
of the State to participate. A unique
feature of the institute wil be the faith
ful reproduction of the sacrificial pro
cession as it appears upon the frieze of
the Parthenon, the celebrated Athenian
temple of Minerva at Athens. In this
procession the athletes of the univer
sity will lead the garlanded cattle of
the university herd, just as the Greek
heroes of two centuries ago led their
herds for sacrifice upon altars to pla
cate the gods of war and destiny. The
Greek department has agreed to assist
In the reproduction of this antiquity.
The procession of Greeks is designed
as part of the ceremonies on the open
ing day in the Greek Theater. Presi
dent Wheeler and Governor Pardee will
participate in these ceremonies and
there will be music and songs by the
student organizations. Following the
entertainment will come the sober
work of the convention, which will in
clude discussions of such subjects as
these: "University Extension," "Agri
cultural Organization," "Agricultural
Research," "Agricultural Development"
and "Agricultural Economics." The
complete programme for these discus
sions is as follows:
Tuesday evening. 8 o'clock — General subject.
"University Extension." Profeasor H. Morse
Stephens, "History, Purposes and Methods of
University Extension"; Professor E. J. Wlck
eon. "University Extension in Agriculture";
"W. T. Clarke, "Reading and Correspondence
Courses." •¦'.-,. . ;
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Sept. 2L
Those who wish to visit the proposed
park site may secure tickets by calling
at the headquarters of the Board of
Trade at any time during the present
week. The Good Government Club will
hold a pro-bond meeting at the corner
of Cypress and Fifteenth streets to
morrow evening, to be addressed by P.
M. Fisher and J. J. Victory- The Pied
mont District Improvement Club has
come out in an earnest indorsement of
the bonds. The Northwestern Improve
ment Club was addressed by Edwin
Stearns in behalf of the bond3 last
night and has Indorsed the entire is
sue.
.During: the meeting Mayor Olney
came in and was asked to make a
statement. The Mayor said:
It may be of interest to know that the
Realty Syndicate has given me a guarantee
that it will sell to the city of Oakland any
«r all of the land In that neighborhood for
exactly what it coet, this cost to bo deter
mined and appraised by experts from the
Board of Trade, Merchants' Exchange or simi
lar organization*, whcr^will put experts upon
their books. It may be well for mo to re
mark here that the Realty Syndicate con
siders that it is Belling to the city of Oak
land the land embraced in the proposed park
at less than it cost them, and I believe that
this land »•?" never again be purchased so
cheaply as It la now offered to the city. In
other words, the people will be asked to vote
$300,000 for bonds for a park site and It will
be left to the city government to select from
all of the land in that neighborhood Just what
Is wanted.
Mayor Warren Olney holds an agree
ment by which the city of Oakland
may purchase any or all of the Sather
tract. or any of the surrounding lands
o-wned by the Realty Syndicate at the
actual cost of these lands to the syndi
cate. This statement was made by
Mayor Warren Olney at the meeting
of the general committee of citizens
held this afternoon to discuss the bond
issue that will be voted upon next
Tuesday.
The meeting was of the sub-commit
tees from the Board of Trade, Mer
chants' Exchange, tha trades unions of
Oakland and other organizations that
are Interested in tha advancement of
the city. Judge John Yule. was made
chairman and John T. Bell secretary.
Those present were: Board of Trade —
Hugh Hogan, J. Tyrrell and Emil Len
hart: Merchants* Exchange— A. Schlue
ter, W. H. Weilbye, D. C Brown and
G.W. Arper; Progress Federation — Dr.
E. R. Tait. John Yule., W. E. Gibson
and John T. Bell; bankers— L. G. Bur
pee; trades unions— C. W. Petrey; real
estate dealers — E. P. Vandercook, R.
A. Jackson, E. C. Sessions and W. J.
Laymance.
It took very little time to get down
to business. It was at once decided
that in view of the recent assertions
about the bonds. there -were two ques
tions to be answered: "Is the land pro
posed for Central Park suitable for
park purposes?" "Is the price asked
reasonable?"
Those present decided that the peo
ple of Oakland wanted the best evi
dence to be had upon the subject and
a telephone message was sent to Su
perintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park asking him If he would visit the
proposed park to-morrow morning with
the general committee. McLaren's an
swer was received while the committee
was in session. He promised to visit
Oakland to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock, go to- the proposed park site
and give Oakland the benefit of his ex
perience, gathered in the making of
Golden Gate Park. \"
Meanwhile the real estate men of
Oakland are preparing a table of the
values of land in that . neighborhood.
This table will be. issued to-morrow
and will Bhow that the actual sale price
of land in this neighborhood in the last
five years has been from $800 to 51200
an acre. > •-,v.- -;•.?>"¦ i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ '¦ 1016 Broadway, "Sept 2L
David Klniry. the suspected slayer
of Policeman James H. Smith, is
supposed to be in St. Louis. The
police have made a special request
through the department there to keep
a close lookout for the fugitive. It is
the belief of Detective Denny Holland
that Kiniry will be located in the
neighborhood of the Missouri metrop
olis, which was his home.
An even $1000 awaits the person who
shall cauae Kiniry's arrest. For nearly
a year the Oakland police have 'been
working to find some trace of the mur
derer. Not a substantial clew has been
obtained during all of the months that
have passed since Smith was killed
after placing Kiniry and his compan
ion Goldstein under arrest as suspected
burglars in the Lakeside district
In the battle Goldstein and Smith
both lost their lives. Kiniry, an athlete
and expert wheelman, mounted a bi
cycle and disappeared. This occurred
last November. Only three arrests have
been made of suspected men in the
United States since the excellent de
scription of Kiniry was sent broadcast
among the police departments and to
many other peace officers throughout
the country-
Kiniry, according to Detective Hol
land, had a fondness for mingling in
city life. Holland thinks that the St.
Louis attractions have been too strong
for the missing man to withstand.
Quietly a hunt has been made and will
be continued.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 2L
The following officers were elected:
President, A. P. Stiefvater; vice-presi
dent, E. A. Hugill; secretary. Ellis E.
Wood; treasurer, D. E. Bernays; pro
gramme committee, C. A. Strong and
E. D. White.
Mayor Olney delivered an address at
the "Booster Ball" and bond rally of
the Alumni Association of the Oakland
Polytechnic High School this evening,
explaining the items of the proposed
bond issue, and calling upon the mem
bers to. use their influence to aid in
carrying the improvement bonds. He
spoke particularly of. the Polytechnic
school, but said that no effort should be
spared to make the entire issue a suc
cess. :^ :
"The Influence of the members of
this association, if rightly directed, will
be of the greatest help to the bonds,"
said Mayor Olney, "and every member
should use his b#st effort to insure suc
cess at the coming election."
P. M. Fisher, principal of the Poly
technic school said: "The Polytechnic
High School is Jn a critical position at
present, and to insure success In Its
work, the school must have a modern
building, more teachers and better
equipment. The bonds, if carried, will
insure this Improvement and the mem
bers of this association should see to it
that they are carrieO."
School Director C. D. Rodgers also
spoke in favor of the entire bond issue.
The Civic Educational League.; held
an enthusiastic bond rally this evening
and adopted the following resolution
in favor of the bonds:
Whereas, The Civic Educational "* l>agne
stands for all that will aid in the advance
ment alone every line of the city of Oakland;
and whereas, the bond issue to be brought
before the public on September 27 stands for
theee ends; therefore be it
Resolved, That the Civic Educational Lea/rue
pledges itself to the support of the bonds, and
its members to work for their success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 21.
Wheeler argued the law of the case
at length and. cited many authorities.
McEnerney will continue tha argu
ment Friday morning.
The first volley from the legal bat
tery trained against the charity trust
created by the will- of the late Adolph
Sutro was heard yesterday in Judge
Coffey's department of the Superior
Court. Attorney Charles S. Wheeler de
voted the entire afternoon to argument
in behalf of the contention of the Sutro
heirs (excepting Dr. Emma Merritt)
that the trust is void, their purpose be
ins to secure a partial distribution of
the $700,000 worth of property now tied
up. Dr. Merritt, who is the executrix
of her father's will, is opposing the
'other heirs. She is represented by
Bradley & McKinstry, Morrison & Cope
and R. D. Silliman. The attack upon
the will is in the hands of Bishop,
Wheeler & Hoeffler and Garret McEn
erney.
Mr. Wheeler said that the "testa
mentary scheme" contemplated by the
provision in Sutro'a - will was against
public policy and would not be sanc
tioned by right-thinking men, notwith
standing the popular encouragement of
charitable bequests. He pointed out
that Sutro had placed the San Miguel
Rancho and Sutro Heights into a trust,
directing that the two parcels, consist
ing of 1200 acres, should be conveyed
to a board of trustees composed of the
Governor of the State, Mayor of this
city and other high officials, to be held
by them until the death of the last of
his children.
Mr. Wheeler said that the 1200 acres
constituted about one-flfteenth of the
entire area of San Francisco and is
practically in the heart of what will be
a great city. Under the terms of the
will none of the land can be sold, and
not a single trust duty in relation to it
is imposed for the first ten years. AH
the rents and profits during the life
time of the survivors are to be used
for taxes and improvements of the
property and none of the Income la to
go to charity.
The will, said Mr. Wheeler, was made
in 1882, at which time the prospect of
life ahead of some of the children was
fifty or sixty years. The idea of rolling
up a great fortune for the benefit of
generations unborn, Ihe tying up of bo
large a property and the restriction of
its sale for so long a time, declared
the lawyer, were hostile to public pol
icy. If property could be tied up for fifty
years, said Mr. Wheeler, for the benefit
of charity, it could as well be tied up
or 100 or BOO years" and the vast ac
cumulation then devoted to charity, but
such a scheme would not hold in law.
AVife Is Given the Decree,
Awarded the Children and
$150: Monthly Alimony
Garlanded Kine Will Fig
ure in Opening Ceremony
of Agriculturists' Sessidn
Says Only Three Suspected
Men Have Been . Arrested
During a Year of Search
Civic Educational League
Holds Enthusiastic Eally
and Pledges Its Support
Superintendent McLaren Is
Asked to Give His Opinion
on the Price?; and Quality
Contends That Tying Up of
Great Estate for Years
Is Against Public Policy
Bessie P. Eastman (widow) to Marie «n<t
Luke Parish, lot on XW fine of Seventh ave
nue, 5(> NE of Eleventh street, NE 45 by 130.
block 32, East Oakland, warranty deed and
agreement : gift.
Luko and Lucy Parish (wife) to Mark Pariah,
undivided one-half interest la «arae; $1000.
Charlotte Latey (widow) to I'hifiD il. Lacy
(aon). lot on \V lice of Ocean Vl«w sv«na\
1 125 a or Florence street, S 73. W 100. >¦ &K
I \V ICO. N 25. B 200 to beginning, lou i> to 11
and '£i, block O, Broadway Terrace Tract, Oak
land Townshio; $10.
James Waiter JOaehwcod to Arabella Dash
wood iwife), lot 1, block. 10, H«rzog Tract t»
Golden Gate, Oakland; $10.
James Moore to same, same, Oakland: $10.
Benjamin F. and LJllie M. Brunk to John
Mueller, lot on S line of Rose street, 200 E of
California. E 00 by S 140:7. lot 3. block 1.
map William Schmidt Tract, Berkel-ey; SUtHjO.
J; D. and Ivy H. Bennett (wlfej to Emsymel
Grant, lot 21. block &, Shaw Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
T. Sharman Downar to William AxTord. lot
en SE cprner of Collece way : (how Hqarat
avenue) and Mllvla street, E 80 by S Ho. lots
5 and t>, block 2, amended map Sea View Parli,
portion plat 79. etc., Berkeley; $10?
South San Francisco Land and Improvement
Co. to L U Dennett, lot on NE corner' First
and Erush streets. N 100 by E 125; lots 1 to
4. 27 and 23. block 1. KellersbersW* map.
Oakland; $10.
Sarah E. Bowman (Bosart), wife of Andrew
J., to Woodberry Hushes, lot on*E Una of
Webster street, 608 X of Fourteenth, N 100
by W 1J0, Oakland; $10. -
The E. P. Vandercook Co. to-C. R. Hatch,
lot oa E line of Willow street. 25:7 N of
Pacific. N BO by E 74:3, .lots 2 and 3, block
406, Gibbon's property at Oakland Point. Oak
land; $10.
Sarah A. McKee by 9. B. McKe% attorney.
to Kobert J. C. McAllister, lot on S lino of
Uenton cr Sixtieth street. 120 E of Paradise,
E 40:S by S 133. lot 2tJ, block 2. map McKee
Tract In plat 46. V. and D. Peralta Ilo., Oak
laud; $10.
Madeleine Connor (single) to Robert W. Mur
phy (single), lot N line of Fourteeata street.
»O E of West. E 50 by N 117:6. lot 12 aad
portion block H. map block 207. ?Jorth Oak
land Homestead Association. Oakland; $10.
E. F. W. Philpot (single, woman) to Ed
ward Eccleston. lot 5. block S. revised map
of Oakland Heights. Oakland; $10.
Andrew and Sarah Gant to John J. Abel,
lot on E line of Kennedy street. 90 S of
Frederick, S 10 by E 120, portiou lot 42, block
A, map of Camden Twenty-third Aveau* Tract,
East Oakland; $10.
James A. and Celia M. Johnson to Georgs
W. Atkinson, all interest In lot on W corner
East Ninth street and Fourth avenue, NW 7S
by SW 25, portion lot 1 block 5 map resobdlvl
sion blocks 4 and 5, Clinton, East Oakland;
lift
Georze M. and Flora, Hunt to J. O. Foster,
lot on E- line of Oak. street,' 1^0 S of Pro«pect
avenue, S 50 by E 150. betng portion of lot
1<>, block 17, map Lake View subdivision of
Plata 16 to IS, Wauon. tract. East Oakland;
$40. - , _ .- -. . - ... - . . I'
Andrew J. and Julia M. Johnson, Mary and
Annie Black, et al. (by W. T. Kroll. com
missioner) to- Continental Building and Lean
Absoclatlon, lot on S corner of Twentieth ave
nue and East Twentieth street, SW 28 by SB
100. being portion of lots 21 tn 24. block 49.
San Antonio, East Oakland; $1168.
Continental Building and Lran. Association
to William W. and Eliza. S. Smith, lot on N
line of Bonton avenue, 6O E of Fourth street.
E 50 by N 140, being lot 8. block I, ! Kllnkner
vllla tract, Emeryville, Oakland Township:
$10. ... _ .
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ella
K. Lee (wife o- O. W-). lot in cemetery, Oak
land Township: $120.
Charles A. and Marie C. Pey to> Wllhe!rnina
Peck, lot on W irne of Tenth street, 100 N of
Bancroft way, N 26:3 by W ISO, being portion
of lot IS, block 119. map traft B. Berkeley
L. and T. I. Association. Berkeley; $10.
John C. and Mary F. Lynch trf W. J. Mar
tinez, lot "on 8 line, of Hearst avenue. 18T :S
W of Grove street. W 87:0 by 8 125b beta*
portion of range 2. Hardy . tract. Berkeley ;
$10. • . . - . ¦
Frank M. and ¦ Rose H. Wilson to Amanda
B. McMahan. lot 1. block 17. Daley's Scenla
Park, deed and agreement, Berkeley; $10.
Conrad and Meta Lucht to Martha Mooney
(wife of Joseph), lot oa N. line of Oregon
street 115 W of MUvta. "W 40. by N 120.65.
being tot 22. block 20/ mrtp No. 3. Shattuck
tract. Borkeleqr: $1O.-T. - ¦:;.. ¦ -¦ .;. :
Nellie aod Charles Cain to IImn X. and
Annie K. Aronson. lot on X line of Dwight
way. 100 W of Fulton- »treet. W SO by N 133,
beliur portion of lot. 4. block 8,. property Col
leg* Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Ahuneda County.
WkIDXLVil>AY. tEPTKMBUn 21.
Paul Lizda to Vladimir Llsjila, subdivision
A. B. C, U uf lot S>, block *»<r_\ Watts Tract.
Oakland; also lots C. V and K. blpck 79O> m«p
of E street subdivision of Watts Tract. Oak
land; lot ;j, subdivision B. block Sfcr, map. No.
2, eame tract. Oakland; *1O.
Same to same, all interest In lot on 8 Un»
of Thirty-third street. .»t; E of West. B 35 by
b 1W>. portion of lots 7 and #. block F prop
erty Central Lard Company. Oakland; $ll>.
Maria M. Jones et al. to John Cull, lot oa
8 line of Jones street. 133 E of Urove, E tiO by
S 100. corrected may Jones Tract,- Oakland;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
AT FARMERS' INSTITUTE
CROWLEYS SEPARATED
DETECTIVE GIVES IDEA
WILL VISIT THE PARK
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
RICH PROPERTY IN ISSUE
Students to Reproduce the
Greek Sacrificial Proces
sion Shown on Parthenon
It Is Thought That the Slay
er of Patrolman J. H.
Smith Is at St. Louis
Urges Qaklanders at Next
Tuesday's Election to Vote
for the Entire Iss.ue
Attorney Wheeler Makes the
Opening Attack on Validity
of Clause in- Sutro Will
The Supreme Court Is. to
Be Asked to Settle a
Fine Legal Technicality
_¦_ «• .
Mayor Holds an Option
on Any or All of the
Realty Syndicate Holdings
MARRIAGE LAW
MUCH MUDDLED
SEEK MURDERER
OF POLICEMAN
CITY CAN TAKE
WHAT IT WANTS
ATHLETES WILL
LEAD CATTLE
MAYOR PLEADS
FOR THE BONDS
ARGUES AGAINST
CHARITY TRUST
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
VICTIM OF MORPHINE.— William Pater
son died at the Emergency Hospital yesterday
from the eSecta of the morphlaa habit. H«
*«u only 27 year* of **»,
ACQUITTED OB* BATTERY.— Oakland.
Sept. 21.—Wllll«ax Dlckerson was acquitted to
day In the Police Court on a. charge of battery
mada; by bit. former- landlady; t Mrs." '.W.^E,'
Barnes. .-.Ther* >waa-troubl«*over ; room irent;
Dtckerson showed ¦¦ h« • had- been' compelled ¦ to
put th<j woman out of - bis ¦ asartmenta after
aba bad tfcreatan*d to kill Mm.
6
FREE FREE -^FREE
A" two-pound package of
PILLSBURY'S VITOS
The choicest product of the. best
wheat in the world.
Made by tlie millers of Pills*
bnry's Best." Flour.
A . single package will produce
. 12 pounds of. delicious food.
FREE WITH WANT ADS.
' See announcement on classified
7vj: -/•-;•.*%. page: • v :V; . ; : ; .
BIUNCH OFFICES ~,
OF THE CALL IX
- ALAMEDA COUNTY
— ;-• -
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
• 1435 Park Street.
Telephone Ahuucda o59.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t I s^C 1 """ a' JT*f NAT UK ML
i r^^Sa. LAXATIVE
P /'•^i!P^s^ MY NAME IS NOT
¥ jS^£l£^' HUNYAOI ONLY,
I teM|| HUNTSOIJAfiOS,
h \i $£***-& AND RELIABLE
f \j$TtlrtT HUNGARIAN
I eS.pl |VH NATURAL
I $5-g-&JL \ ¦ WATER. I
I Is AIway5 Reliable for
I CONSTIPATION
ADVERTISEMENTS. j .
A BECOSOC&VSATZOir
Of our work will be giverr by afcy one of
the many we have successfully 'treated.
All are well. pleased b«cause all are- well
sel ved. ' . '. •. : -
OTJE TEETH ON VJaATXS- V •
Are the highest achievement of~that
branch of . . ...• --
They- look well . and wear wclL* Perform
! all the functions of the natural teeth
: with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber, $3.00.. ry
Post-Graduata Dental College,
S TATXiOS ST.. SAW rSAJTCXSCO?
: 973 Waaiiiaxtoa st, Oailaad.
' fli» JQBO, *• •> _ m SMaUMBtfeNew Method of Decreasing Wool.
During the past montn the last of a
series of patents has been granted to a
German company covering new meth
ods and machinery for the degreasing
of wool by a dry process. The degreas
ing is successfully perrormed by the
use of Infusorial earth, used as an ab
sorbent, which is applied to the wood
with great force by a current of air
by specially constructed but inexpen
sive machinery, the wool being cleaned
and degreased evenly throughout. It
has many advantages In the treatment
of skin wools — now cleaned by strong
alkalis— as the dyes take better, which
is an important point in the manufac
ture of fine military cloth and other
fine cloths in delicate colors. — New
York Commercial.
That Floral Fracas.
Evidently the v search for a national
floral emblem is about as persistent
and as vain as that for a new national
anthem. Some mysterious law decrees
that the discussion as to the flower
best fitted to represent the nation shall
return every two' or three years to en
gender bitterness and*wrath among the
partisans of the several floral aspir
ants. In the last previous debate com
plete and final victory apparently
rested with the adherents of the golden
rod.
Now comes forward & society styling
Itself the Columbine Association to
present a new candidate for popular
preferment. It is, of course, the
columbine. — Indianapolis News.
Denmark's foreign trade In 1903 is
computed at $119,900,000 for her im
ports and at $95,000,000 for her ex
ports. The latter consist chiefly of
meat and dairy products — lard and
animal fat, 14,000.000 pounds: butter,
197,860,000 pounds; ham and bacon.
174,810,000 pounds; beef, 25,510,000
pounds; divers meats and sausages,
17,550,000 pounds. Besides these. Den
mark shipped abroad in said year 477,
200,000 eggs, 24,494 head of horses
and colts, 62,929 head of cattle. 39,
650,000 pounds of fresh fish and 15,
050,000 pounds of salted herrings. The
principal items of Denmark's imports
are: Dry goods, yarns, thread, cordage,
minerals and products thereof, iron
and manufactures thereof, fertilizers,
wood and woodenware, oil cake, lin
seed, clover and grass seed, grain (rye,
wheat, barley, oats and corn), wheaten
flour and groceries. If well attended
to by American producers, Denmark
may prove a more valuable market to
them than many of the countries of
Central and South America. Neither
should be neglected. Both are worth
working for. — Baltimore Herald.
Denmark's Trade in 1903.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MENLO PARK. Sept. 21.— One of the
most disastrous fires that San Mateo
County has had for many years, and
one that nearly cost two well-known
members of San Francisco society their
lives, occurred here this morning when
the magnificent residence of J. J.
Moore, president of the shipping firm
of J. J. Moore & Co. of San Francisco,
was completely destroyed.
Shortly after 3 o'clock this morning
J. J. Moore, who occupied an apart
ment in the front of the house, was
suddenly aroused from a sound sleep
by a terrific crash, which it was later
learned was caused by the falling in of
the skylights on the roof of his home.
Jumping out of his bed, he was startled
by the discovery that almost the entire
portion of his home had already been
burned and that the flames were rap
idly surrounding his sleeping apart
ment.
He was not slow in realizing that his
chances of escape were quickly dimin
ishing. The ceiling of his room was
crackling with the heat and flames
were coming through the floor, beneath
which there was raging a furnace of
fire. Dragging his sleeping wife from
the bed, the husband hurriedly carried
her out into the hall and down the
stairway to the front entrance, through
which he made his escape to the lawn.
He and his badly frightened wife had
barely reached a place of safety before
the ceiling of their own room fell, and
a moment later the front portion of
their home was filled with fierce
flames.
Not an article was saved from the
home, and the only clothing that shel
tered Mr. and Mrs. Moore from the
chilly atmosphere of the early morning
were their night robes. When the re
lief party arrived- and was made to
appreciate the predicament of the
Moores the latter were hurried into
adjacent homes, where sufficient ap
parel was given them to enable them
to go to San Francisco, where they
telegraphed for apartments at the St.
Francis.
Moore estimates his loss at about
$75,000, of which $15,000 represents fur
niture, bric-a-brac and the valuable
wardrobe of his wife. > •
Jap Soldiers Postcard Home.
The Japanese Government has found
a novel and excellent use for post
cards. Realizing that, for various rea
sons, the soldier on campaign may not
have leisure or opportunity" to write
home to his family, the military au
thorities have supplied to each army
a sufficient number of postcards, ready
printed, to which the soldier has only
to affix his name, or more exactly, his
seal, each Japanese soldier carrying
one with him as part of his outfit.
0n all the cards the same message is
printed: '.'This is to let you know that
I am alive and well; I cannot give you
my address, not knowing where I shall
be to-morrow; but your letters will
reach me some time or other if you
reply to the place the name of which
Js printed in the postmark. Greetings
to. my family and friends." This is an
idea which might well be copied by
other nations. At once practical and
humane, it would cost little and save
many thousands of people from unnec
essary anxiety and pain. — Manchester
Guardian.
Coke Ovens In England.
The Inhabitants of the coke districts
in" the United States . will tell the
stranger that they realize as fully as
he does the shamefulness of tl..; waste
which accompanies the use of the tra
ditional type of coke oven and regret
equally the defilement of a naturally
pure atmosphere and the defacement
of a beautiful country, but they will
add that they know that experiments
have been made by the operators with
different kinds of coke ovens and that
there has not been with any type tried
sufficient success in recovery and in
the savingof by-product to make the
general introduction of new ovens com
mercially . possible. At the annual
meeting last month of the British Iron
and Steel Institute. C. Lowthian Bell
of the Clarence Works, Middlesboro,
read a paper reciting the success his
firm, has had with a German type of
coke oven — the Husseiier — which he in
troduced In 1902, and from the discus
sion which followed It seems evident
that not only has the oven he uses
given splendid results, but that there
is another type of coke oven in England
—the Otto — giving equally successful
returns for the investment. — New York
Commercial. •
Americans who have lived long in
Rome either reluctantly admit that
"there does seem to be something in
it," op, if they are Roman born, quietly
accept it as one of those things in
heaven and earth of which philosophy
fails to take account. In certain re
spects the Italian is markedly free
from superstition as compared with the
Celt or the Scot: for instance, the fear
of ghosts or spirits i3 so rare that I
have never met with it; on the other
hand the belief in the value of dreams
as guides to action is deep-rooted and
widespread. The dream book in some
families is held hardly second in im
portance to the book of prayer.
The Italian's eminently practical na
ture makes him utilize his dreams in
"playing the lotto," as the buying of
lottery tickets is called. To dream of
certain things indicates that one will
be lucky and should play. The choice
of the number is the chief preoccupa
tion of the hardened lottery player. It
is decided by the oddest chance — by the
number on a banknote that has been
Io3t and found again or the number of
a cab which has brought one home
from a delightful festivity.— Century.
The strangest thing about life in
Rome is that one not only does as the
Romans do, but ends by thinking as
the Romans think, feeling as the
Romans feel. The best illustration I
know of this is the mental attitude of
the foreign residents toward certain
superstitic-ns, notably the belief in the
evil eye— the malocchio or jettatura. as
it is Indifferently called. I never knew
an Italian who did not hold more or
less to this superstition.
Almost Universal in Rome and Most
Strangers Take to the
Superstition.
HOLD FIRM BELIEF
IN' THE EVIL EYE
Clad Only in Night Clothes
Owner .anil Spouse Leave
House Just as Walls Fall
SPOKANE. Sept. 21.— Four children
of Jacob Lesser, a wood hauler, were
poisoned at noon to-day by eating "rat
biskit," which 'one of them had found
in a junkshop. Reuben, aged 8, dis
covered the poison and after eating
some of it, gave it to the other chil
dren. Reuben died in agony.* The other
children will recover.
Bseclal DL-rateh to The Call.
M00EE HOME DESTROYED
San Francisco Merchant and
His Wife Have Narrow Es
. cape From Death at
Four Little Ones Eat Ko
dent Destroyer Pound in
a Junkshop and One Dies
CHILD KILLED
BY RAT POISON
FLAMES CREEP
UPON SLEEPERS
The work of planting the date palms
just received from the Sahara Desert
on the United States Government ex
periment station at Mecca has been
completed by Professor Steubenrauch
and Superintendent Mills of Pomona,
California. There were 160 female
plants in the shipment from across the
water and these were supplemented' by
f.rty male" plants from the Pomona
experiment station for pellenization
purposes. The plants are nearly all
looking finely. Another shipment of
plants is expected to arrive within a
few -weeks from Asia and these will
also be planted at the Mecca station,
where the climatic conditions are said
to be ideal for date palm culture.— New
York Commercial.
HttHnnKHB
Date Palms In California.
The recent landing: in Brooklyn of 144
tusks of ivory from an Italian ship
is held to signify the death of
seventy-two elephants— at least that
number, for others, wounded, may
have crawled into the jungle and died,
out of sight of the hunters. It would
seem that the elephant is as surely
doomed as his ancestor, or cousin, the
great mammoth, was doomed by cli
matic and geologic "change, and, not
impossibly, by the persecutions of the
man of the stone age. In our country
we have seen within a few years the
practical extinction of the buffalo the
last of the Yellowstone herd was shot
a few days ago by pot hunters, who
succeeded in escaping from the park
without interference by the troops—
and the antelope, that used to range
the plains and foothills in thousands,
have also disappeared from most of the
Western States. As every one knows,
the game laws in thinly settled coun
tries are mere "bluff," and violation of
them is daily practiced. In civilized
New Jersey the attempt to stop the
disgusting and brutalizing slaughter of
harmless and helpless pigeons, released
from traps, has failed, because of the
pernicious activity of gun manufactur
ers and shooting clubs.— Brooklyn
Eagle.
The Doom of tho Elephant.
Steel Ship Building In Canada.
Recent reports from the United
States Consul General at Halifax Bay
that there are four yards in Canada
for th« construction of steel vessete.
One yard is building a canal boat that
is to carry 7500 bushels of wheat, or
23,000 tons of dead weight. Her cost
will be $130,000. This yard has sev
eral other contracts nearing comple
tion. The steel plates used are now
imported free of duty from the United
States, as they are not made in Can
ada. As British-built steel vessels
come into Canada duty free, it is im
possible to develop the industry in
Canada successfully, except for vessels
ol a small size or of a design necessi
tated by local requirements. It is
stated that a Nova Scotia steel com
pany intends to manufacture plates; if
so, the duty of 25 per cent will attach
and the price likely advance. This
would probably cause the suspension
of steel ship building in Canada unless
sustained by duty or bounty. — New
York Commercial.
If we are at liberty to believe the
dispatches from Wilkesbarre, a justice
of the peace has fined a young woman
;i 34- for uttering two profane words
in the privacy of her home "against
the peace and dignity of the State, of
Pennsylvania and contrary to the stat
utes thereunto provided." An appeal
has been taken to see whether a lady
may swear a little on her own account
at home or whether nrofanity is only
an offense against public morals when
uttered to the distress of unwilling au
ditors. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
Where Ladies. 3Iay Not Swear.
The meeting enthusiastically adopt
ed resolutions to support Roosevelt
and Fairbanks and all Republican
nominees. .
The Greek-American Republican
Club met and organized for the com
ing campaign at B'nai B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street, Tuesday evening. Three
hundred members were present. The
following offle'ers were elected unani
mously: President, N/Valianos; vice
president, Peter Georges; secretary,
Frank A. Kitchner; executive commit
tee," Elias Dervissie, M. Petrakis, Alex
Firos, Mick Constantine, G. Niclis, J.
Papadakis, G. Miller; sergeant at
arms, JJ. Davlareas.
Greek Republicans Meet.
i:EDDING. Sept. 21— A $25,000 damage suit
&K&in!<t the Lamoine Lumber and Trading Cora
pany has been settled by the payment of $6000.
On October ]•> last John Nixson was killed in
r.ne of the logging camps of the company by
the breaking of a cable. His father, John H.
Nixsor.. brought «iit for $23,000 damages, al
leging that me accident was the result of In
secure RX'I'liam'es.
M. Heit, a French inventor, has de
vised a new type of compass, which is
of an automatic nature. The direction
of the compass by this arrangement is
automatically registered minute by
minute, so that by consulting the chart
the ship's officers can ascertain the
route traversed at any time during the
passage. The compass card, instead
of having at its center an agate rest
ing on fixed steel points, is fixed on a
steel pivot, which rests on a fixed
agate. The latter is immersed in a drop
of mercury, which serves to conduct
the current of electricity that makes
the registering of the movements of the
apparatus possible.
Colonel Renaud of army aeronaut
and automobile celebrity has just per
formed another- service for automobil
ism. There was recently laid before,
the French Academy of Sciences an/
ingenious contrivance invented by him
for measuring the powers of motors.
It is an apparatus which Is attached
to the axle-tree of the motor, and as
the action developed is in proportion
to the cube of the speed, it is enough
to register the number of revolutions
in order to determine the speed and
consequently the corresponding power.
Self-registering tablets are provided
to obviate all necessity for making cal
culations. The apparatus is capable of
registering up to 150 horse-power.—Ex
change.
Automatic Device for Registering the
Direction of Needle Has Been
Invented. !
"We speak about a person's being as
old as Methuselah. Yet the poor boy
lived but a brief hour compared with
some of the great sequoia trees which
are- being sacrificed to short-sighted
greed in California.
A late prostrate monarch of the
woods that was fifteen feet in diameter
several feet from the ground, began its
existence in 271 B. C. By 254 A. L>.,
when It was 516 years of age, a forest
fire burned on its trunk a scar three
feet in width. Then it enjoyed 1196
years of placid life.
But in 1441 A. D. the tree, then aged
1712, was injured in another fire and It
took the scar fifty-six years to heal.
The worst attack of all occurred in
1797, when the tree, then 2068 years old,
was attacked .by a fire which left a scar
which it took 103 years to heal.
Who would have thought that such
a witness to ages of change, after hav
ing stood for aver twenty centuries,
must have to be brought to earth by
the unfeeling woodman's ax some three
years ago, a victim to the mere love of
money?
But if there is no romance in a
Western wopdehopper there ought to
be some sense in Congress. Only ten
of the great isolated groves remain.
When these lone landmarks are gone
what monarch shall then ask that its
life be spared on the plea that it has
reigned supreme for thirty centuries?
Many of the "Big Trees" Were Very
Old When Christian
Era Began.
VAST AGE ESTIMATED
FOR THE SEQUOIAS
\EW AND INGENIOUS
TYPE OF COMPASS
lrcaks of Lightning Stroke.
During an electric storm in a North
Carolina town recently, the dwelling of
George Smith was struck and his fam
ily quite severely shocked. The top of
the chimney was struck by the bolt,
making a considerable crevice in the
brif k. The lightning traversed the side
«'f the chimney, going into the living
room and Mrs. Smith and her eighteen
year-old son were shaken up, the for
mer rendered entirely unconscious by
the phock. A dog sleeping near the
fireplace was killed, the lamp was ex
ploded, a watch was demolished and
the clock on the mantel had all of its
framing knocked from it except the
back and it was picked up in the
middle of the floor. Strange to say,
however, the machinery of the clock
was unimpaired and it was in running
condition next morning. — New York
Commercial.
Within a week it is expected that the
bungalow on Twin Peaks will be as-
Fuming shape, and as soon as it Is
ready for occupancy Architect Burnett
will move in and begin his task. It
will probably be well into the winter
before he will be ready to submit his
plans for public inspection.
The more I h*ve Ftudied this undertaking
end the benefits that will accrue to San Kran
cisco an a result of beautifying it in a practi
ral »«;•. the mnr* enthuriastic I, have become.
The ross-ibilities for adornment 'and improve
ment h;re are far greater than your citizen3
h?.v<? re&Uxed. and it »il! not take as much
money em piany have suppc"**"!. it would be
t;»rrtly fair t»r me. at this early date, to make
public my ideas a? to what t-hould We done,
for I have not yet settled on definite plans.
It i« my purpose to get Uiem Into concrete
fl-.ape and then lay ihtm before the citixens.
\V» Hjia'l have copies of the designs macje and
'ihitited in tlie different public places ail over
the cily. wh^e everybody can see them and
gain an idea as to v.hat is meant by beautify
ing a metropolis.
D. H. ISurnham. the famous Chicago
architect, who has been chosen to de
vise plane f'>r beautifying Han Francis
co, and his chief assistant, Edward
Burnett, arrived here from the East
last evrnir.s and are at the St. Francis
Hotel. H^r.ham has made several vis
its to this city in connection with the
rair.e project, but comes this time with
his plans roughly mapped out in his
mind, and with a view of incorporating
them into a set of designs, which will
be t-tart«»<i U!K>n Ijy himself and assist
ant before they leave San Francisco.
Architect iiurnham stated last even
ing that he intends to immediately
CO&stract a bungalow on the highest
point of Twin Peaks, from where a
comprehensive view of the city'may be
obtained, and where his assistant will
crtab'.ish his draughting rooms and
1'crforni the work to which he has been
p^i^iied. Discussing the work, he
That concern for the plain people of Amer
ica which led me to consent to be a candi
date in the beginning, reluctant though I was
to enter public life, governs me more strongly
now than it did two years ago; for now better
than then I understand the dangarous misrule
whereby more than 90 per cent of our people
are oppressed by unjust laws operating in the
interest of a specially privileged and steadily
narrowing few. And I wish to return to Con
gres.«. if at all, with my status in that as
semblage unchanged, to continue Ihe work I
have begun, and this free of the accusation
that the mandate I have tthus -far held has
been in any sense recalled; rror an alteration
of my status in Congress would injuriously
affect the mission for which I engaged in pol
itics. 1 went to Washington commissioned to
speak for organized labor; and- I am mainly
pleased by the action of your convention be
cause I wish to say to the Fifty-ninth Con
gress, should I be a member of that body,
that, having observed my. work in the ¦ Fifty
eighth Congress, organized labor approved vaf
stewardship and bade me persevere. <
Please convey to the convention which speaks
to me through you my assurance of intention
to continue to plead for/ essential Justice to the
plain people, regardless of the outcome- of the
political campaign now begun. Sincerely yours
EDWARD J. LIVERNASH.
On my return to San Francisco, and wtthout
anything In the nature of solicitation on ray
part, the Democratic party again conferred
upon me the honor of a nomination for Con
gress. And now, likewise without solicitation,
the Union Labor party has for the second time
made me its nominee. I need scarcely »ay
that these manifestations of an unaltered
friendliness by the parties originally sup
porting me I fully appreciate.
Messrs. .'Thomas Kazan and E. J. Beaver,
Notification Committee Union Labor Party —
My Dear Sirs: I accept the nomination of
th» Union Labor party to be Its candidate for
Member of the House of Representatives,
Fourth Congressional District of California.
Two years ago I consented to be the can
didate of the Union Labor party and the Demo
cratic party for a seat in th« House of Rep
resentatives. I consented because I thought
I could more effectively champion certain prin
ciples of national government in which I be
lieved if I were a member of Congress than
if I wero not. I frankly explained to the
citizens of th« Fourth California District what
I would stand for if sent to Washington, and
they expressed approval of my principles by
giving me a mandate to represent them In th«
chief leglsaltlve body of our country.
Since then I have striven to keep th» faith
I pledged my people by standing for ouch
Kovernrcent as within my Information and by
my conscience I have felt would b« most likely
to yield the greatest good to the greatest
number.
Delegates to the Fourth Congression
al District Republican Convention will
assemble at Pioneer Hall this evening
to nominate a candidate for Congress.
This district lies 'wholly within . the
boundaries of San Francisco and em
braces the following assembly dis
tricts: Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth,
Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Fortieth, Forty
first, Forty-second, Forty-third, Forty
fourth and Forty-fifth. The Republi
cans are confident of their ability fo
elect the nominee of their convention.
The nomination of E. J. Livernash by
the Democratic convention, which met
in Santa Cruz last month, did not rep
resent the desires of a majority of ths
Democratic voters of the district. In
fact, very little interest was manifest
ed in the proceedings of the conven
tion. The Union Labor indorsement,
which was given to Mr. Livernash's
candidacy at Pioneer Hall last Tuesday
night was obtained through the agency
of William Randolph Hearst, Mayor
Schmitz, A. Ruef and other slate work-,
ers of the labor convention simply pre
sented the Livernash programme and
the delegates took it in a perfunctory
manner. In a letter as follows, Mr.
Livernash accepts the nomination of
the Labor convention.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 21. 1904.
Says That No Other Place
Has the Artistic Advan
tages of San Francisco
Republicans of the Fourth
District Will Meet This
Evening at Pioneer Hall
T. Kakamuro, a gay Japanese round
er, obtained a warrant for the arrest
of Ng Fook, a Chinese gambler, on a
charge of grand larceny. The Jap
says that while he was playing poker
at 116 Waverley place tne Chinaman
absent-mindedly went south with $20
belonging to him. A warrant was also
issued for George Mulloy, the negro
who is already charged with battery.
This time the negro is accused of crim
inal assault. Maggie O'Brien, a 16
year-old girl, is the complaining wit
ness. Steve Fallon, the opium fiend
who stole a shoe dealer's exhibit, was
given six months. Fred Williams, rep
resenting the "Louisiana Lottery Com
pany," was fined $100 for having lot
tery tickets in his possession.
The greediness of Harry Cooper and
James Joseph, two youthful burglars,
caused their capture with stolen goods
in their possession. They started to
clean out the grocery of Henry
Bull winkle at Eddy and Polk streets
yesterday morning. They were too
thorough and systematic about it.
They made two trips into the place
and annexed 2U0 packages of cigars,
tobacco and mixed groceries. They
came back a third time, probably to
take away the counters and remove the
wall paper. Policemen Plume and
Cracke were waiting for them. They
were charged before Judge Mogan. The
pair will be tried September 26.
Con Walsh, who has been on a
speech-making jag for fifteen years,
tried to orate in Judge Mogan's court.
A three months' sentence to the County
did not please him and if the police
man had not clapped his hand over
Con's mouth as soon as the sentence
was passed the bibulous orator might
have made Patrick Henry's "Give me
liberty" sound like a parlor talk.
As it was Con did some sign lan
guage with his arms. A translation o£
this silent flood of rhetoric would be
unfit for publication.
Con has been as familiar a figure
along the streets as the garbage cans.
He uses them for rostrums. Mounted
on one of these, he leads off with a
bit of Daniel Webster, switches to Hen
ry Clay and finishes with Billingsgate,
etc.
Judge Mogan issued a warrant yes
terday for her arrest on a charge of
having disturbed the peace and ruined
the wash of Mrs. Lizzie Gorham of
432 1 /" Sixth street. According to the
complaint the spotless wardrobe of
Corham, as it fluttered in the back yard
roused the ire of Jane. Jane's ire re
quires very little rousing. It's troubled
with insomnia.
, Jane, so swears Mrs. Gorham, care
fully selected some fast colors in mud
and distributed the same carefully
over the, newly washed garments, using
language that would bring blushes to
the face of an alarm clock.
and calls her reflection names.
A few weeks ago Jane was in court
for throwing a lighted lamp at Mrs.
Klein and her baby. She is early and
often as far as Police Courts are con
cerned.
Once again Jane "Davis is involved in
a back-yard battle. Jane would be a
prize candidate for lighthouse keeper
or ringer on a bell buoy. When there
is nobody to abuse she goes to a mirror
Of course Raymond had the advant
age in that sort of a game. He went
at It with a will. All sorts of weird
notices appeared on the fence. They
were all meant for Coryell. He became
tired of the fenceboard repartee and
swore out the warrant.
On the fence at TS2 Valencia street
Edward L. Coryell, real estate dealer,
and C. J. Raymond have been waging
war. Though they live in adjoining
fiats they are on as pleasant terms as
Kuroki and Kuropatkin.
So intense is the neighborly feeling
that exists between them that they
hurry home to look savagely at each
other across the fence. Coryell swore
to a warrant yesterday charging Ray
mond with disturbing his peace and
exposing him to the ridicule of the
neighborhood.
Coryell placed the notice "Furnished
Room to Let" on the fence. Then it
alleges that Raymond placed beside It
a sign reading, "Wanted— A man with
brains to make a success of renting
furnished rooms."
"I'm Chulius, Chudge. What will I
do about my gustomers?" pleaded
Davis.
"Let the customers go bananaless,
Barney Bernard," said the Judge.
"Take him away. Nobody can job this
Court."
"My gustomers— I'm Chulius— I don't
know this Barney," shouted Davis as
he was hustled out.
"This thing has gone far enough,"
thundered the Judge. "You're up
against it, Barney. Guilty, and you'll
be sentenced to-morrow."
"You and your customers! You
can't fool me, Barney Bernard," said
the Judge sternly. "You bad a bet with
some one that you could job me."
"My/liame is Chulius. I lose my gus
tomerfe," replied the bewildered Davis.
"Let's see, Barney, I meaJi Julius,
you're charged with obstructing the
sidewalks at Dupont and Geary "
"The gustoraers, Chudge. If I move
on I lose the gustomers." And the ex
cited peddler did a windmill stunt with
his arms that would have set the
Fischer gallery into a gigglefest.
Judge iiojan noted the familiar ges
tures. "Barney Bernard, I'm on to you.
You can't deceive me."
"But my name is Chulius," wailed
Davis. "I don't know this Barney
Bernard. What does he peddle? Let
me go, Chudge; I'm iosing my gus
tomers."
"I'm not Barney, I'm Chulius the
banana man," said Davis. "I'm losing
Customers all the time now. Chudge,
won't you please let me 50?"
"Why, hello Barney," exclaimed
Judge Mogan yesterday when Julius
Davis stepped before him. "How are
Kolb and Dill and the rest of the
bunch?"
TO WORK OX TWIX PEAKS
LETTER TO COMMITTEE
Famous Chicago Architect
Ready to Undertake Plans
for Beautifying the City
Indorsement of Union Labor
Party Is Accepted by
Edward J. Livernasli
Judge Mogan Is Satisfied That Fischer's Former
Comedian Is Before Him— Real Estate Man
and Sign Painter Engage in Unique Repartee
BURNHAM HERE
FOR BIG TASK
LOCAL FORCES
ARE ALIGNING
JULIUS IS TAKEN FOR BARNEY
BERNARD IN SPITE OF PROTEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU -THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22,, 190^.
7
? ADVERTISEMENTS.
I S$3 9 Isa B rw ¦! s n Scj
[LOOK 0 | ( f0UND
THE JPM ON •
NECK
I II si IT TJO^ a
HE • *• . it
1 1 OLD. BOURBON ||
Slierwood & Sherwood,
212-S14 Marke^Stree^
VvQ Perfect Fittin* (/{V
H*> Eyeglasses c^
,-j At Moderate Cos! {\
OCEAN* TRAVEL.
«?*>». Steamers l»ave Broadway
w b*rves (p!er» -9 and 11),
/•v^ San Francisco:
ft/tll «%S V*\ f ' cr Ketrhtkan. tVrar:::-!.
I I YfC'lvi I I Juneau - Haln»s. Skasway.
I \ IMtCVi / / etc.. Alaska— 11 a. rr... 3»pt.
\*k \\ * Veil 12 - 17 - w « Of* 13 *** 2-
VyvJl^/^V Change to tnis company**
XifAfeSiT-/ tteamers at Seattle.
Fcr Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Taccma. Everett, BeU
llBgham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Cfcarse at Seattle t» this company's
steamers fcr Alaska and G. N. P.y.: at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Huinboldt Bay 1 * — Pomona. t:3O
n. m. Sept. 13. 19. 25. October 1: Corona, l:3O
p] m.. Sept. 10. 1U, 22. 2S. October 4.
For Los Ar.gele* <via Port Ics Annteles and
Redondo). San Dieso and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Ob!«po). Ventura and Huenexne.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20. SS. October «.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. S<*pt. 8. It5. 24. October X
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joso dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
U reserved to change Ftearoers or aai'inx date*.
TIC2CET OrnCZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery at. (Palaca Hotel). 10 Market *t..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger A^est.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Paciflc Trawstrr Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check baggage from hotels aad
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
, -V ' AMimiCAH LIR£.
Ply-month — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York. Saturday. 8:3"> a. m.
St. Paul Oct. 1| Germanic Oct. 13
Philadelphia Oct. SlNew York Oct. 23
AT1AHTIC TBAZTS7OKT U2TE.
• New Tork — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha.Oct. 1.9 amjilanitou. .Oct. 15. 9 an*
Mlnnepls.Oct.8.4:30 amlMnnetnka.Oct.22. 4 pm
DOMINION LUTE. «
Montreal — Uverpool — Short sea passage.
Vancouver Oct. l|Southwark Oct. 15
Canada Oct. 8J Kensington Oct. 23
BUD STAB Z.KTE.
Krw Tork — Antwerp — London — Parli.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. llFJnland Oct. 13
Zeeland Oct. S. Vaderland. . . . . .Oct. 23
WHITE STAB LirrE.
2Taw Tork — Qaeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtlo.-..Sept. SO. 9 ami Cedrlc. . .Oct. 14. • aza
Baltic Oct. 5. 2 pml Oceanic. Oct. 19, 2 pm
Majestic. Oct. 12. 10 anv Arabic. .Oct. 21. 3 pa
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Crmne'-^ — <**• "• Xo *- 1T
HEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
. • Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15,000 Tons.
TSCEVT TOBZ ATTD BOSTON 9XBSC3
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPTJBLIC...Oct. 2 J L P««-, 1 - lp I l a - i 14 : r r^ rt
CR.ETIC ...Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March 13
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Nov. 19. Jaa . T. Feb. 1J
ROMANIC. Oct. 29. Deo. 10. Jan. 23. Mar. It
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent PaclJlc Coast,
21 Post «t.. San Francisco.
S 6 SONOMA? for Honolulu. /*»«*• Aack *
laid and Sydney. Thursday..Sept. 29 2 p.m.
a b aT-aMEDA for Honolulu. Oct. 8, 11 a.m.
It MAKLTOSZ te Tahit!. Oct. 20. if a.m.
I D SMCKLS&BSUS. Ca, UB.,mEtOS!II35C]l3r-
isL FnlgSt ess 329 Thtox sl, Pis 7, PasiHc sl
coxFASSix erasxiu: TXissiTLiNTiQirs.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Fl 0 rVt h cU» r to f< Ha^e M |?0 OB .n1- «pwara, *«.
J 1 ?^ Havre. $43 and upward. OEN-
FRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN O
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
S^w^YorV. J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific O>a.e
ArTnt. ft Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets* sold by %U Railroad Tlckat Ageata.
To TT. S. Wavy Tard and Vallsio.
Stmr H J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
.•§ 7-i "tun ?s tt^&SS
rnTs P m Leaves Vallejo— Wtek days. 6:3«
'3?S warass.
ALL CO. *3aturdars excepted.
To XT. S. S»vy Tard and VaUejo.
Etmr» General Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow.
o-4aTin 12-3O 5-15. «*• 8:30 »• m - < e^3«a->:
smdin »•«• "••¦ 8:30 p. m. Leav. Valleia
stoi'.tr«rt: Phoa* Main 13C8. HATCH SJtO3.
WEEKLY'CALL, $1.00 PER YZ^S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
koSHJPS
I * CCLTBRATCP
fe^ STOMACH 4»
SITTERS
As a health making tonic and
monthly regulator the Bitters will
be found unequaled. That's why so
many women use it to the exclusion
of ail other remedies. It never fails
in cases of Sick Headache, Cramps,
Bloating, Fainting Spells, Backache
and Indigestion. Try a bottle.
PjtOPAK zk
FbEV ELOPING and
PRINTING
[AT CUT RATES |
Good wcrk and rrotnDt Atlirtry hare
cre*te<J a fclr dwisand for my koflalc de-
velorir.* end rrlntlns. Send me a trial
crder.
DEVELOPING.
Roll cf elx. JOc: roll cf twelve, ICe.
PRINTING.
So'.So f.nUh, 3e to 5c: ¦vtlox finish,
3c to Cc.
DAfLIGIIT LOADING FLLAIS In all
pcpular eizts at popular price*.
ANSCO CAMERAS frcm $3.00 od. One
<?f lb« best carreras en the market.
CYKO PHOTO PAPER. Prtats by
ar:i"< ;a.l licht. Shows beautiful detail.
Try It. ;
Cameras renal re<1 «t low firuria. Mall
ordt-rs pion-.jttly fillled.
THAT MAN PITTS
100§ MAItKUT £TKEET. cpp. Fifth.
6an Fraaclico.
sjgg^&zM MEfUNDWOMEfl.
C^jffiferClJlZirS&l C»« E1« a for snuttcral
Aw ta I «• i 4»t».\» 4Ucbtrc*t,:a£*niBatU&a.
BUpf OM--ut<e4 K .miiiloni or alc«r»tl*ai
fc*^X c»t ti wimn. " of a neons m«-mbr*3««.
f"_ 7 'T"*/*"" 1 "- P»iB".«»i, »nd aot attrln.
P7i\TH£EUWChtKlCiVC3. KM t or poiibaons.
Vj-£& KIB!mUTl.C Bpgj *«1«! *7 Dratt1*U,
CO- a, yg&L or cant ta pUla wrapper.
/roPk, > sai hr «xrr»M. prtp»id. f«t
"VSa fSESB&nm • 1 -00. er 1 bottles 12.75.
"¦ ¦ Circular ttct en nastit
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD C£E DAMLAN'A BITTERS. THE I
Great Alexfcan Remedy ; Elves health and
•t r- nph to »e*ual ontana. Depot. 32Z Mirk* L
A^VERT^S^IE^yTS.
Could you tell it from the
genuine? Experts have failed.
• The Sapph-Diamond has all the
beauty of the real, and electric
lights are unnecessary and never
used. Guaranteed to retain its
wonderful luster. ; Can bo pro-
cured only from world's great-
* cst diamond imitator,. J. C. Da-
vidson (Exclusive Western Pal-
ace). 124 Kearny St., S. F. Cat-
alogua'aBBBBfeiaEftKHH
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
h AlCA.dllUvI iilliliuuiui V'X***^* I
B Michalitschkes Bfros., San Francisco, SOLD EVERYWHERE — 10c UP. |jSpecial information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by tbV
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street, Telephone Malu 1942, •
Townscnd's California Glace fruits In
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
EARLY RISING. •
"To be forced to get up early," says
a physician, "grinds the soul, curdles
the blood, swells the spleen, destroys
all good Intentions and disturbs all day.
the mental activities. Criminals are
always recruited from the early-rising
class."— LondonN Chronicle.
COLORED PEOPLE — G. E.. Pleas
ant Grove. Cal. It has been held that
under the law no State, city or
other municipal corporation had tho
right to pass any enactment that will
deprive any citizen of any privileges or
immunities; this under the provisions
to the fourteenth amendment to the
constitution. This was decided in Cali
fornia in the case of Brown against
the Omnibus Company, a street rail
road corporation, which sought to
prevent colored people from riding in
the same cars with whites. This de
cision was sustained. -
"What's that for, ma?" said the child;
to which the mother replied: "The lady
who lives in that house, my dear, has
had a little baby girl sent her." The
child walked along for a few yards, and
then turning back and nooding at the
straw, said: "Awfully well packed,
ma."— St. James Gazette.
Mr. Pett Ridge told an excellent baby
story at the ladies' summer dinner of
the New Vagabonds' Club. A lady and
her little daughter were walking
through Grosvenor square when they
came to a portion of a road strewn
with straw.
BABY -WAS WELL PACKED.
one and in order to stop the Incoming
crowds a sign was hung out; "The
Show Is Closed," before 4 o'clock.
The model gowns and other equip
ment of the show were shipped to Chi
cago, where an exhibition is to be held
in the Auditorium Hotel this week.
The forms that had worn. the newest
things In gowns reproduced from his
toric periods during the week were
shamelessly denuded in the presence of
spectators. :; c "\:
One with a smile that looked as if it
might have been recast from 1830 was
left with a spreading skirt falling over
the wire frame beneath while her
bodice started on its way to Chicago.
The wax neck was smooth and fair,
but the wire skeleton of body and arms
gave the thing an uncanny look.
MODEL GOWNS NOT FOR SALE.
A retail dealer wanted to buy- one of
the model gowns, but was told that no
money could deprive Chicago of the
privilege of viewing them. A com
promise was made by which a sketch
of the coveted frock was furnished him.
"Chicago needs style and as long as
New York has had- them flrst I'm sure
the frocks ought to go West," said a
woman who was taking notes dili
gently.
"Huh! Chicago gets things Just
about as soon as New York!" ejacu
lated a visiting dressmaker. "Why,
this association started in the West
and I guess you'll find out that we're
pretty up-to-date out there."
Sectional hostilities were averted by
the necessity of paying strict attention
to the model gowns that .were being
ST. LOUIS FAIR — A Constant
Reader, Fresno. Cal. There are no
statistics obtainable in San Francisco
that will show "the attendance each
month at the World's Fair, St. Louis.
Mo., since the opening." To obtain
such information you will have to ad
dress a communication to the secre
tary of the fair.
expeditiously packed for their Western
Journey. v — - '
"And I don't know now whether there
was one dart or two in the back of
that green silk skirt lining," said the
Westerner regretfully, as she walked
away amicably with her Eastern ac
quaintance to talk over the compara
tive merits of plaiting and shirring.
ALTITUDES — F. R.. City. The al
titude or grade of Haight street, at
Stanyan. in San Francisco, Is 255 feet
above high water mark, which is the
official grade. The grade at McAllis
ter and Stanyan streets is 2S0 feet, and
highest points on Hayes street are 2fi0
feet at Pierce street and 263 feet at
Stanyan.
BASEBALL — M. S., Mount Eden,
Cal. Egan of Tacoma Is credited with
having made the greatest number of
home runs in the Pacific Coast League
from the Btart to the present. Bu
chanan of Oakland is .credited with
having struck out the greatest num
ber of men in that league.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR— 43. E..
Pleasant Grove. Cal. There was no
convention of the societies of Christian
Endeavor in San Francisco, Cal., In
1895. That year the convention was
held in Boston. Mass., commencing
July 11.
PROMISSORY NOTE— Subscriber,
Forestville. Cal. An obligation 1b
writing executed In the State of Cali
fornia, and a promissory note Is such,
must be sued upon within four years
after It becomes due, else the action
will not lie. • 7
ESKIMO DOG— A Subscriber, dty.
If you own an Eskimo dog that is
shedding more than the normal amount
of hair you had better take him to
some professional dog doctor and have
him treated.
ANSWERS.
Cyril — You may spurn me, cruel one,
but remember. I shall not always be a
clerk at $3 a week.
Marie— That's Just the trouble. You
may lose your Job at any time. — Chi
cago News.
The Great Difficulty.
Punishment.
"Tommy," said his mother, who had
him across her knee, "this hurt3 me
worse than It doe? you."
"I was afraid," said Tommy under
his breath, "that hard board I put in
the seat of my trousers might hurt her
hand." — Chicago Journal.
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Timothy
Woodruff had all sorts of experiences
In Cripple Creek. He told a miner that
they were the jolllest lot of handshak
ers In that region he had ever struck.
"A husky fellow asked me for a
quarter.
" *What do you want It for?' I asked.
" 'To get a social glass,' was the an
swer.
"I saw he was as full aa he could
hold, and observed:
" "Say, you're overflowing already.
Tou won't hold any more.'
" 'You've got no perception, boss.' he
replied. 'Can't you observe the hol
lowness of my voice?' "—New York
Times.
His Voice Would Hold It.
"Can't, sir," said the driver reluctant
ly and despairingly. They've got the
bits between their teeth, air!"
"Well, mn them into debt, then."
thundered Daniel. "That'll stop any
thing!" — Detroit News.
Once, when Daniel "Webster was rid
ing along a New England road In a
stage coach, so the story runs, he was
annoyed by the jolting, and poked his
head out of the window to yell at the
driver.
"Hey. can't you drive a little
slower,?"
"No." responded the coachman, "th«
horses are running away, sor."
"Run 'em Into a fence corner." ad
vised Daniel.
Would Stop Runaways.
HUMOR.
! The little Jap Iws pess away
Night after nisht. day after day;
He's always going right ahead —
• Thafs why so many Slavs are dead.
¦ He doesn't stop to rest or sleep.
But though the roads are rough an*
steep
And foe-begirt, still day by day
The little Jap he pegs away.
The little Ja'p he docs not talk
Nor diagram with pen or chalk.
' He doesn't tediously explain
How certain forts his men will gain.
Instead he saves his breath and strength
To shout with when he shall at length
Have felled the grisly giant's stalk—
The little Jap he doesn't talk.
The little Jap he doesn't brag
Or madly masticate the rag;
He doesn't gloat o'er fallen foe
Unt'i that foe is lying low;
He doesn't tell the world his plans.
But marshals silently his clans
And scraps with vim that cannot lag —
The little Jap he doesn't brag.
The little Jap he doesn't wait
And sit around and rail at fate;
Instead he tackles with a vim
Whatever's in the way of him.
He doesn't soak in Jagful juice —
He knows such things aren't a«y use.
He's busy early, busy late-r-
The little Jap he doesn't wait.
The little Jap thus teaches you.
Who sit around and rail at fate.
That 'tisn't wise to Jag or brag
Or mouth the mastlcative rag.
Or wait or murmur or complain.
But Just to work, come sun or rain.
Less theorizing, more of Do.
The littl* Jap man teaches you.
— Baltimore American.
LITTLE JAP.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
The Czar has thirty-three male relatives who draw a lump sum of
$460,000 annually from the treasury. Why not send a batch of them
to the front and cut down expenses? IgHgg
An Alameda genius is contemplating the rigging of all Pacific
Coast vessels with wheels during the foggy spell. This will ma
terially reduce the earnings of the tugboats now employed in pulling
vagrant four-masters off the ocean boulevard.
we?"
"Well, I've got along in the business
twenty years without snakes or reo-
Snakes and caterpillars were held
up as models at the convention of the
International Society of Dressmakers
in New York the other afternoon by
Mrs. Safford Barstow in a lecture on
"The Reason and Resource of Design
ing."
"Turn to nature and study living
objects if you would be original and
obtain successful results in coloring 1 ,"
shetadvised the dressmakers. "The
colors of the snake are unrivaled for
sartorial effects and there isXnothing
finer than the shadirgr to be found on
the caterpillar. One of these lovely,
soft creatures furnished the idea for
buttons. There is no limit to the color
scheme that can \ be gained by the
study of natural objects."
Fruits and flowers, the dressmakers
conceded, it might be pleasant to imi
tate, but snakes,, lizards and caterpil
lars could not be accepted, .even by
the most progressive, without a shud
der. *
"Snakes!" sniffed one.
"How are we to get 'em. We'd
look fine havin* snakes along, with o~ur
patterns and lay flggers,' wouldn't
IX his recent report to the Governor upon the condition of the
various educational institutions supported by the State, Super
intendent of Public Instruction Kirk calls attention to the de
plorable state of the quarters occupied by the San Francisco Normal
School. Declaring it to be a disgrace that an institution, recognized
and supported by the State of California, should occupy the tumble
down rookeries which now constitute its only housing. Superin
tendent Kirk voices a strong recommendation that the next Legis
lature appropriate funds for the erection of a building suitable to
the needs and importance of the San Francisco teachers' school.
The Superintendents appeal to the Legislature merits the heart
iest indorsement. Certain it is that a dilapidated old structure which
was once a church, then after a lapse of years a high school, is not
an object of local pride when now it is tottering over the heads of
normal school scholars. To this hoary pile there come five days
out of the week teachers, students and training classes of children,
risking at least their health if not safety of limb within its shadowed
walls. With our normal schools at San Jose, at Chico and Los An
geles comfortably even elegantly housed, there is no reason why
the San Francisco institution should continue to carry on its work
in buildings condemned these many years.
OUR NORMAL SCHOOL BUILDING.
Living Objects Advised
for Successful
Coloring.
tile's of any sort, and I ain't had no
more complaints than most dressmak
ers I know," agreed another.
MRS. CARTERS SNAKY DRESSES.
' "That may be, but you know those
snaky dresses Mrs^ Carter wore were
grand. Lots of my .customers were
crazy about them and tried to walk
Just as snaky as they looked," urged
a woman with a mind open to convic
tion. "I'm going to study snakes and
caterpillars."
Mrs. Barstow* seeks to place dress
making on a lofty plane. She urged
the dressmakers to study history and
get back to first principles, to become
ardent students of nature and to cul
tivate their analytical powers.'
"If dressmakers would only anal
yze the gowns they make they would
get far better results," i she affirmed.
"If you get one beautiful object it will
form the motif for an entire sown. I
saw a Parisian dress not long ago and
the minute I laid eyes on it I knew
that a nantlque necklace had fur
nished the motif for that dress. You
dressmakers must make artistic
frocks, but not too artistic, else they
may become eccentric."
There was more comfort for the cus
tomer than for .the modiste in her
statement that "a really beautiful gown
need never be cast away until it is
worn out."
Mrs. Fayes' information about fab
rics now in the shops and those that
are-to be there soon was received with
lively interest. That was one of the
things the out of town dressmaker had
ccme 'to find out;
The afternoon session was a short
Snakes and Caterpillars Dressmakers' flodefs.
Modistes Are Urged to
Become Students
of Mature.
First — The Sather tract contained only 2S0 acres, and not 600.
It was sold as an ordinary commercial transaction, before the park
project was mooted for $285,000, in excess of $1000 per acre.
Second — On the Sather tract are two high ridges, running toward
the summit of the Contra Costa Mountains. The loftier one is the
north wall of Trestle Glen. Between this and the other and lower
ridge is a valley unwooded, as are both ridges. The higher ridge is
included in the park. From it Oakland is overlooked, as are the
bay, its islands and San Francisco. This high land is wide on top,
leaving ample room for roads, bridle paths and walks, for the en
joyment of the grand view which it commands. It entirely fulfills
the purpose of a birdscye view of splendid extent and variety, inspir
ing and beautiful.
Third — Trestle Glen, and its high south wall, lying southerly
from the above high ground, are included in the park. The south
wall of the glen is the part declared by the Examiner to have been
added to eke out the acreage with worthless land, to enable the
Syndicate to reserve the best land on the north side for speculative
purposes. The fact is that the park would have been defective with
out this addition. The slope of this south wall of the glen is beau
tifully wooded with thrifty live oaks, the bay tree and other interest
ing and desirable flora.
The glen itself is delightfully wooded, in great variety, including
cypress, live oak and' bay. Instead of being revolting, it has long
been a favorite resort of the people of Oakland who love nature a; 1
admire sylvan beauty. The eye that can see in it a revolting feature
is jaundiced and strabismatic. Through the glen runs a clear stream,
affluent most of the year, and with an extensive watershed, which
will permit the si 1 ring of all the water needed for the irrigation and
rkveiopm-n! ol the park, and also to keep the stream running ail the
time. The whole tract, high land and glen, is an ideal park site.
Los Angeles or any other live city would regard it a prize at the
price, and world make it so attractive that every front foot of
property in the city below would feel the thrill in an advance in
its value.
It is true that Assessor Dalton supports the Examiner in stat
ing that this tract is worth only from 75 cents to a few dollars per
acre. But he has assessed it at several hundred dollars per acre and
the record shows that part of it had a value of $1000 per acre thirty
years ago! The people of Oakland may think that it is a good ad
vertisement for their city for the Assessor and the Examiner to pro
claim that such a tract, alqngside their city and overlooking its
towers and streets, is worth only from 75 cents to less than $10 per
acre. It may be that a policy of depreciation suits them, but we
cannot believe it until by their vote they so declare. Of course
among them there is a diversity of opinion about issuing bonds to
acquire parks and improve the natural advantages of their city, but it
will be appalling if any man's vote is influenced by "the vicious tissue
of misrepresentation by which the Examiner seeks to defeat the
progress of the city.
After a patient and thorough examination, upon which we base
our foregoing flat contradiction of the Examiner, we declare that
there is not a park expert or landscape engineer in the country but
will siiirm that the tract is an ideal park site, and by its variety
of topography offers itself to the landscape gardener's art with pe
culiar adaptability. The people should visit it, note its boundaries,
and believe their own eyes rather than the malicious falsehoods of a
newspaper that cares nothing for them nor their progress, but only
for a sensation that permits appeals to prejudice and the use of
personal defamation.
THE bcrci issue to be voted on in Oakland on the 27th inst. is
lie ihird attempt made by that city to take advantage of its
nattirsl sliuitiort, scenery and clemency of climate, by beginning
a system 01 -land and water 'parks, capable of being made the finest
in the world. This system is so associated as to lie athwart the city
like a belt, running from the bay shore to the foothills of the Contra
Costa iVlotmtain.s. . .
Tiie largest tract to be acquired by this bond issue is in the
foothillv, to. be connected by a boulevard with Lake Merritt, the
water park. The tract, for present convenience, is called Central Park,
and includes all of Trestle (lien and high land on each side thereof.
The cilv has made no contract and is under no bond nor engagement
to purchase that tract, nor to pay any price therefor. Under the law
a specified tract must be stated* and" a maximum price fixed. This
was done by an open understanding with the Realty Syndicate, the
owner of the property.
Tn the last days of the bond campaign an attack is made upon
the purchase of this Central Park tract. The Examiner has made
this attack arid has pretended to make certain statements of fact,
upon which it charges Mayor Olricy and the City Council with put
ting up a job. to The injury of the city, for the enrichment of the
Really Syndicate. These pretended statements of fact are: That
ihc Sather tract, part of which is included in the park, consisted of
<<x> acres, for which a much less price was paid than is exacted from
the cilv; that the high ground in this tract is reserved by the Syndi
cate to sell lor residences: that all high ground is excluded from the
park, from which a commanding view may be had of Oakland, the
bay and San I ; rancisco: that the 305 acres included in the park is a
rugged canyon, of revolting appearance, and totally unfit for such a
purpose: that the price is enormously in excess of the value of the
land. County Assessor Dal ton is enlisted by the Examiner on the
question of valuation, and says the land is worth only from 75 cents
to a few dollars per acre.
The Call, being desirous that the progressive people of Oakland
shall realize their aspiration for the things needful to make it a
beautiful and attractive city, has done what it could to promote the
success of the bond issue. Being still of that mind, we have had a
careful examination irfade of the proposed Central Park tract. This
examination was not casual nor cursory, but was made on foot, by
traversing the whole tract, from the creek in Trestle Glen to the
heights above it. We have also made inquiry into the record on
the subject of values, and arc now able to speak with knowledge on
the mailer, and to traverse the Examiner's statement of facts as
follows:
OAKLAND'S PARK.
"HE'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECILELS ¦•" Proprietor
~ ~ AOEHESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO . _.„__.
._. ._. L - llz ii . ~ ijgqggg
rCELlCATION OrnCE .THlttP AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO_
Thursday". september~~22. iso*
8
COPYRIGHT. JOO4. BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW JORK EVENING MAIL.Jan Kan, a Chinese, made applica
tion before Judge Lawlor yesterday
for a writ of habeas corpus to secure
possession from the Oriental bureau
of the Methodist Episcopal church of
Lee Mee Ho, a Chinese girl. He
claimed he was the girl's godfather.
The writ was denied. The girl arrived
here with eleven others to go to the
St. Louis Exposition, but she and
three others were detained here and
given into the 'care of the Oriental
bureau. There is an application on
behalf of the bureau before Judge
Coffey for letters of guardianship over
the girl, which will be heard to-mor
row. I.-:
Seeks Custody of Chinese Girl.
Santa Cruz, with lta great bathing estab
lishment and host of other attractions, will
offer a warm welcome to all visitors on Satur
day and Sunday, September 24 and 25. There
will be military band concerts on Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and evenings, with a
grand display of fireworks, and there will be
a grand ball at the great casino Saturday night
and bonfires on the beach Sunday night. Odd
Fellows and other visitors can go to Santa
Cruz on the Saturday to Monday round trip
excursion tickets sold by the Southern Pa
cific and which may be had at Third and
Townaend streets depot or 613 Market St. •
Saturday to Monday Excursion Tick
ets Sold by Southern Pacific
for $3 00.
ODD FELdLOWS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Several men who had the temerity
to raise the bark from >he . bottom of
the Pacific Ocean, where she had lain
a wreck for four years, were made
wealthy by salvage by buying her
while she, was still at the bottom for
$S75 and selling her after she was
repaired for $350,000. She is the same
vessel, -beam for beam, mast for mast,
that went ashore on the coast of New
Caledonia,* the French penal settle
ment in the Pacific Ocean, twenty de
grees' south of the equator, nearly
eight years ago.
Rising'gently with the swell at her
Brooklyn dock, her brasswork glisten-
Ing like crystal, her stiff steel masts
testifying to the strength of her keel,
one can hardly imagine that she en
dured for so long a time the wear and
tear to which she was subjected dur
ing the years she lay submerged.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Rapidly be
ing loaded, preparatory to sailing for
Australia, the four-masted steel bark
Falls of Garry lies at McCormlck's
elevator, Atlantic dock, Brooklyn.
Ship Falls of Garry,, Sunk and Bouslit
by Wreckers for $375, Sells
for $350,000.
IN COiOnSSIOX AFTER FOUR
YEARS AT BOTTOM OF OCEAN
FALLON MURDER TRIAL.— The prosecu
tion closed Its case yesterday at the trial be
fore a jury In Judce Lawlor's court, of
Thomas P. Pallon, charred with the murder
of his wife. Agnea, at 919 Mission street . on
April 1. The witnesses examined were Dr.
Baclfralupl, autopsy surgeon. Miss Mollie
Short, Thomas J. 1/lnehan, Mrs. Florence j Res
siquc, John Flenminsr and the officers who
made tHe arrest. Their evidence waa the
same as eiven at the preliminary hearing.
Barbara Fallon, a tlster of the defendant,
waa examined fbr the defense on the question
oi temporary Insanity.
John Lapique, the pork packer,
who sued Abe Ruef and forty-three
others for $650,000 damages, for ma
licious prosecution alleged to have
been continued for a period of sev
enteen years, • yesterday flled an
amended complaint in the case. The
document contains forty-six pages and
reads word for wo.rd like the original
with the exception of a few blue ink
interlineations, which are intended to
meet the objections of the demurrers.
¦ m *
More Fraud Orders.
Postmaster FIsk received another
fraud order from Washington yester
day denying the use of the mails to
the Fidelity Funding Company, E. C.
Hedges, and the Empire Diamond
Company, all of this city, the postof
fice inspectors having reported them
to be fraudulent.
Ljapique's. Amended Complaint.
Three suits for damages for per
sonal injuries were flled yesterday in
the Superior Court. John Endicott
demands $10,710 from 'the Bay View
Brick Company because his arm was
crushed in a brick making machine
while in the employ of the firm. Henry
F. Band sues Robert N. Risdon and
Henry F. Dutton and wife for $5000
for injuries sustained , by foiling
through a defective wooden grating
into the basement at 1218 Hyde street.
George Patton asks that the United
Railroads pay him $2535 for injuries
received when a Mission-street j car
ran into his truck on Spear street,
August 8 last.
Three Suits for Damages.
Superior Judge Hunt yesterday de
nied the application of Phoebe F. Ho
gan for a writ of mandate compelling
the Board of Fire Pension Commis
sioners to continue to her the pension
which was paid to her hsubund before
his death. J. H. " Hogan, a member
of the Fire Department, was disabled
by disease contracted in the service in
1900 and drew a pension; until his
death four years later. Judge Hunt
holds that two classes of pensions are
provided for in the charter: one for
those disabled in the service and one
for the families of those who are
killed in the performance of duty. The
former pension, he says, ceases at
death.
Fireman's Widow Loses.
SCHOOL. HOLIDAY TO-MORROW.— Tho
echooU will not be ln session to-morrow, the
Board of Edupation havln* declared a holi
day ln honor of the visiting Odd Fellow*.
After taking the testimony of Fire
Marshal Towe yesterday the matter
of the limitation of liability of the
Michigan Steamship Company was
submitted to United States District
Judge de Haven.
The petitioner was the owner of the
steamship Progreso, which exploded
and burned on December 3, 1902,
while lying at the wharf of the Pul
ton Iron Works, killing and injuring
Beveral persons. Representatives of
the killed and injured brought suits
against the petitioner for damages.
The value of the wreck was ap
praised by United States District
Clerk George E. Morse at $15,020 and
his appraisement was approved by the
court. If the court shall grant the
petition for limitation of liability it
will be limited to that sum.
Company's Liability.
Judge de Haven Will Pass Upon the
Petition to Limit the Steamship
Drummer* for "Old GUt Edgo "WTiIskcy" al
ways have "th» b*st the town affords." They
carry It with them, tn fact. ¦ •
PROGRESO CASE IS
FINALLY SUBMITTED
WAUKEGAN, 111., Sept. 21.— About
thirty former disciples of John- Alex
ander Dowie refuse to "stand" for the.
prophet's fancy new robes and white
socks and are going back home in
anger. Most of them left Zlon City
last night and this morning, after
Dowie and his chief lieutenants had
gone to Ben MacDhui to rest after the
fatiguing duties of assuming the
apostleship.
The apostates, as Dowie will call
them, are mostly Oregonlans, leaving
for Seattle and Portland. A few are
Californians and some will embark at
Western points for far Australia.
There are others discontented in the
Zion camp, it is said.
Thirty Former Disciples of the Zion
City Prophet Lieave for
Their Homes.
REFUSE TO RECOGNIZE
DOWIE AS APOSTLE
The classes In physical culture and
gymnastics of the Mission Turn Ve
rein, under the direction of Professor
Robert Barth, will give an exhibition
of the work of the society next Sun
day at Mission Turner Hall on Eight
eenth street, near Valencia. There
will be calisthenics by the children's
classes. Bongs and drills by the girls'
classes and apparatus work by the
actives and seniors on horizontal. bar,
ladder and buck. Diplomas will be
presented to successful contestants
and a dance will conclude the enter
tainment
Will Give Exhibition of Work.
At yesterday afternoon's session of
the Wickersham will contest Thomas
J. Geary of Santa Rosa was
again cross-examined by Attorney
Francis J. Heney on behalf of Cora
L. Wickersham, the contestant At
torney J. C. Campbell interposed ob
jections, which were sustained by
Judge Seawell, preventing the line of
questioning relative to alleged con
versations between Geary and Heney,
in which the former is said to have
made admissions regarding the mak
ing of LydLa Wickersham's will cut
ting off her son Frank. Mr. Heney
said that fraud had been charged and
it was his purpose to show that Judge
Geary was a party to it. Further ex
amination was in regard to Geary's
negotiations with Attorney Porter
Ashe, Frank Wickersham and the lat
ter's wife to bring about a settlement
between' Frank and his brother and
sisters.
Attorney for Contestant Cannot Get
Alleged Conversation Into the
Records.
QUESTIOXS RULED OUT
IX WICKERSHAM CASE
Mayor Schmitz will begin an inves
tigation to-day, according to his an
nouncement, of the charges preferred
against Police Commissioner John A.
Drinkhouse by the Cigarmakers*
Union- The union men make the se
rious allegation that Drinkhouse uses
the power of his official position to
compel saloon-keepers to purchase
Eastern non-union cigars, of which he
has the local agency and has thereby
thrown many union workmen In San
Francisco out of employment.
Much confidence is expressed by the
prosecutors that they will prove con
clusively their allegations as to mal
feasance. They announce that they
will make a determined prosecution
with the aim of havinc the Commis
sioner removed from his public sta
tion.
Cigarmakers' Accusation Against Po-
lice Commissioner Will Come
Before Mayor To-Day.
TO BEGIX HEAR1XG OF
DRIXKHOUSE CHARGES
Max Orstuns Recdvcs Sudden Reve
lation That Man Should Remain
\Hkctl and Obeys.
As coolly us if in his own bedroom,
Max Gerstong attempted to disrobe at
the corner of Turk and Market streets
yesterday, a policeman called a halt
on the disrobing.
The ultra-Bohemian was taken to
.hf- central Emergency Hospital and
placed in the detention ward. There
he said he had received a divine reve
lation to the effect that man being
bcrn naked should continue in that
or 1 f pit V h< L una PPropriateness
r , w« place he be * an to obey the
aTSTfc as Soon Ha he received it.
ttSfSSPS he obeyed the messa * e
An answer and cross-complaint . in
the case of Letson Balliet and Flor
ence E. Balliet against the White Swan
Mines Company were filed yesterday.
The suit Is to invalidate an assess
ment of 5 cents a share. The com
pany denies that its officers and direc
tors were not legally elected and de
nies that Balliet and his wife own
216.6S0 shares of the company stock,
but aver that Balliet was an officer
and one of the organizers of the com
pany and subscribed for 275,000
shares of stock for which he has never
paid. The company denies that its
levy of an assessment of 5 cents a
share was illegal, but was for the pur
pose of paying existing debts and the
running expenses of the mine. The
company asks the court to order the
plaintiffs to deliver up the stock for
cancellation, to declare that the as
sessment waa good and valid, and to
restrain Balliet from asserting its
invalidity.
Balliet's Suit Answered.
A jury was impaneled in Judge
Coffey's court yesterday morning for
the trial of the contest of the will of
Charles Kornfeld, lodged by Otto
Irving Wise, as attorney for Joseph
Guzik, a nephew of the deceased re
siding at Warsaw. Russia. The trial
will begin at 11 o'clock this morning
with Lloyd & Wood and Bishop,
Wheeler & Hoefler defending the at
tack upon the fortune. Kornfeld was
a pioneer costumer on Clay street. He
died fourteen months ago, leaving an
estate worth $250,000. He made a
few minor bequests and bequeathed
$60,000 to Annie T. Smith, who had
been reared by himself and wife. The
residue of the estate was left to the
widow. The relatives at Warsaw
were not mentioned in the will, and In
the Detition for the revocation of the
admission of the testament to pro
bate the nephew alleges that Kornfeld,
who was 80 years old, was of unsound
mind and under the undue influence
of his wife and Annie Smith. .
Russian Relatives of Deceased Cos
t inner Want a Share of His
Large Fortune.
LINAT1C U9TDBESSES BEFORE
CROWDS OX .MARKET STREET
JURY READY TO HEAR
KORNFELD WILL CONTEST
Other divorces •were granted by
Judge Graham to Llllie Lamerax from
Walter Lamerax, for desertion; by
Judge Kerrigan to Gustav H. Beisel
from Catherine" Beisel, desertion; to
Michael Meyer from Sarah Meyer, de
sertion; by Judge Sloss to Katie Ka
fouri from Abe Kafouri, neglect; by
Judge Hebbard to Carrie Levenson
from Harry Levenson, for neglect.
Suits for divorce were begun by
Flora E. Jones against Charles W.
Jones, a lawyer, for Intemperance;
Mary McKenna against Edward F.
McKenha, intemperance; Ada E. Fow
den against Tom Fowden, cruelty; Al
bert Thurlow against Marion Thurlow,
infidelity. In the latter case Adam
Hannah is named as co-respondent.
Katie Anderson sues August Anderson,
proprietor of the Superior restaurant
at 504 Third street, for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. She says his in
come is $300 a month.
Elizabeth Frederici, who is suing
her husband, Leopold, for divorce, yes
tc-rday filed an affidavit for an injunc
tion to prevent him from visiting her
home at 10 De Boom street. She says
that she inherited the place from her
former husband and Frederici comes
around with threats to kill her.
Judge Graham yesterday granted a
divorce to Rose E. O'Brien from Walter
G. O'Brien on the grounds of desertion
and neglect and awarded her the cus
tody of her two daughters. The hus
band makes New York his headquart
ers and travels through the Southern
States as the manager of a theatrical
troupe. They were married in San
Francisco in 1891 and ten years ago
O'Brien departed and the wife has not
seen him since.
Mrs. O'Brien Has Not Seen Husband
. for Ten Years — Other Marital
Troubles.
DESERTED WIFE DIVORCED
FROM THEATRICAL MANAGER
Charles Wyman, accused of ballot
box stuffing at the primary election
last month, was before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for examination on the
complaint of Fairfax H. Wheelan, his
accuser. Very little was accomplished.
R. H. Countryman, attorney for the
defendant, opened the day by inter
posing a demurrer to the complaint j
on the ground that the primary elec- j
tion law had been declared unconsti- j
tutional by the Supreme Court and ,
that the arrest was therefore illegal.
John A- Hosmer, representing the j
State as special prosecutor, read a
long list of authorities in contradic
tion of this claim. Judge Cabaniss
took the matter under advisement
and ordered the case to proceed.
G. P. Adams, Registrar of Voters
and secretary of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners, was the only wit
ness called. He came armed with a
pile of his office books and documents
in reference to the election in ques
tion. The principal document needed,
the proclamation of the election, upon
which Attorney Hosmer had intended
to force the issue of the case, was not
there. In its place Adams had brought
a copy of that document. Attorney
Countryman objected to the copy be
ing introduced in evidence and after j
a long discussion between the con
tending forces, in which Attorney j
Countryman won his fight. Judge Ca- |
baniss brought the session to a close, j
He did this in order to give time to
have the original proclamation pro
duced. The hearing will, be resumed
to-morrow at 2:30 p. m.
of Evidence and the Case Goes
O*er Until Friday.
Attorneys Squabble Over Introduction
SLOW IMtOGUKSS IS 3IADK IX
HEARING OF CHARLES WYMAX
and improving the laws. The report
will be received in Washington on Oc
tcber 6, when it wiil be given full
publicity.
The bureau was notified to-day that
a Fp^cial committee, which has been
at work for fix months studying in
ihc- Philippines, had completed its
labors. The committee has made many
suggestions In th<» line of modifying
The bureau has had many inquiries
lately from capitalists, who are de
sirous of building railroads in the
islands. Belgian capitalists especially
vjtc interested in this direction.
<n capitalists are taking in the
Philippines, as a result of the exhibits
f'otn the islands at the St. Louis Ex
position.
The news was received with grati
fication by Colonel Clarence. Edwards,
chief of the Bureau of Insular Affairs.
Colonel Kdxvards says that he has in
timation that other firir>6 are consider
ing the same plan. He believes that it
is largely due to the interest Ameri-
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— Advices
have reached ihe Bureau of Insular
Affairs from Tolodo, Ohio, to the ef
fect that a large lirni in that city, en
firog-ed In the manufacture of products
of various sorts from cocoanut oil, has
decided to move Its entire plant to
the Philippines. The firm believes
that ii can Increase its profits and add
to tho value of its products by mak
ing: finished products In the islands
rathrr than ship the crude materials
to the United t-'tates.
PfeelaJ Difpatrh to The Call
In March of the present year the di
vorce suit became public, having been
flled secretly in Big Horn County, Wyo.
The charge was that Mrs. Cody had at
tempted to poison her husband on the
night . before Christmas, 1900, and had
been guilty of numerous other acts
detrimental to his peace of mind. Mrs.
Cody and her friends were thunder
struck and attorneys were engaged to
reply to the charges with a cross-com
plaint. The reply was never drawn, al
though it was Dublicly charged that
Buffalo Bill had been much ln the com
pany of a woman who traveled along
the route taken by the Wild West
Show. Mrs. Cody obtained a change of
venue to Sheridan. Wyo., out of "Buf
falo Bill's" home county.
DENVER. Sept. 21.— Convinced that
he was deceived into bringing false at
tempted poisoning charges against his
wife. Colonel William F. Cody will
withdraw his suit for divorce in Sheri
dan, "vifyo., this week. He has already
written to Mrs. Louisa Cody at North
Platte, Neb., admitting to. the woman,
to whom he has not spoken a word
in eighteen years, that he was misled
and is desirous of .obtaining her forgive
ness, their .relations to continue as In
the past. This result, according to word
received here by relatives of the scout,
is due to the arguments of Buffalo
Bill's own attorneys • and public senti
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— The most im
portant subject presented to the mem
bers of the International Geographical
Congress, which convened to-day at
the exposition, was the proposed trans-
Alaska-Siberian Railroad, which is of a
wider scope than any undertaking o£
Its ki'id in the history of engineering.
Belolrel, a member of the Geographical
Society of Paris and the projector . of
the railway, reviewed the history of the
undertaking.
After a conference with President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hitchcock on
October 11 relative to securing the neu
tralization of the Behring Strait, De
lobel will sail for France and spend the
coming winter endeavoring to effect
final arrangements for projecting the
line through Russia.
The approbation of the Czar of Rus
sia, President Roosevelt and several
European sovereigns relative to the
trans-Alaska-Siberian Railway has
been obtained and the trans-Alaska-
Siberian-French syndicate, of which
Delohel is president, considers that,
when the arrangements with Russia
have ben made, the final step will have
been taken and the success of the un
dertaking assured.
The Pacific Packing and Navigation
Conjpjirsy is the most extensive com
pany in the woild engaged in the in
dustry of salmon canning. The capi
talization of the company is $25,000,000,
and it operates twenty-eight caneries
in Alaska and on Puget Sound. The
company has about fifty vessels in op
eration.
BELLINGHAM, \V«sh.. Sept. 21.— J.
Pierpont Morgan, with Richard Dela
field and several other well-known
Eastern capitalists, who are the prin
cipal creditors of the Pacilic Packing
and Navigation Company, will pur
chase the entire properties of that
Company as soon as the necessary or
ders are made out in the courts, and
will reorganize the company and con
duct the business on a new basis.
J. A. Kt-rr, who has been receiver of
the rompiny for the last two years,
and Judge Hanford of the linked
States District Court left this morning
for Seattle to get the order from the
court necessary to the completion of
the sale.
French Projector of Ambi
tious Enterprise Reviews
History of Proposed Plan
Company Will Be "Reorgan
ized and Started With a
Capital Stock of §25,000,000
Asks Forgiveness of Woman
to Whom He Has Not Spok
en a Word for. 18 Years
One Toledo Firm Announces
That It Will Move Its En
tire Plant to the Orient
ADMITS HIS MISTAKE
SCHEME OF WIDE SCOPE
Cody Declares He Was De
ceived Into Charging Wife
With Trying to Poison Him
International Geographical
Delegates at St. Louis Dis
cuss Alaska-Siberian Line
BOOM FOIi THE ISLANDS
3Ien With Money to Tn
vest Are Becoming Inter
ested in the Archipelago
CONCERN IS EXTENSIVE
Financier and Other East
ern Purchase
Wash inyt on Canning Plant
GREAT RAILROAD
UNDERTAKING
"BUFFALO BILL"
WITHDRAWS SUIT
CAPITAL GOING
TO PHILIPPINES
MORGAN MAKES
BUY ON COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
AND AGAIN A HIT.
Instantaneous Success of
MISS MAZUMA
J. C. Crawford's Strictly Original Burlesque.
A Ludicrously Funny Play With a Plot.
SPARKLING MUSIC.
Captivating 1 Dance*.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERT.
Our Unrivaled Cast of Highest Salaried Bur-
lesque Artists.
MATINEES SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
Ever Popular Prices.
NEXT BUHLtSQlTE— "DOWN THE LINK."
By Howard Jacot.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAY.
PRINCESS
FAN TAN
PRICES 15c. 35O. 50C
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
Opening of Combination Season
YORK STATE FOLKS
Seats Now on Sale.
VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES
SPECIAI. MATZNZUB PBIDAY, OSS
PILLOWS' DAT.
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Tmesdell; Marr«l»
<ras Melroae Troupe; T. Trovolo; U»«
Boa sad Wamon; Orphetun Motion Plo-
tnrcs. Snowing "Personal," to* Grmt
Comedy Success; Last Times of Mm*.
Snider-Johnson; the Harry La Bos*
Company; Kooaey and Bant; L«o Cax-
rillo and Al Shaan.
Rerular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c and 50o.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY. '
25 Cts a M a t t^e^ 9 25 Cts
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Oliver Moroaco offers
| THE ALTAR OFJ
FRIENDSHIPl
Night Prices— 23c. 35c and BOc
A few front rows 75c.
Sunday night, first time here.
CAPTAIN BARRINGTON.
Hlffh-dssa Specialties Every Afternoon
m-nA Evenlnff In th* Theater.
TO-SIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding with
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
THREE BABY LIONS XW THE XOO.
ADMISSION 10C I CHILDREN. ; ..... 8c
When Thoning Ask Zor The Chates.
3USCELLAX EOUS AMUSEgETK^
BASEBALL,
Oakland vs. Los Angeles.
AT IlECREATION PA UK.
- Eltcbth anJ Harriaon Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THL'RSI>AV and KHIDAT..^.
RTTODATV.>v.:.r.v;.v.;.r.:^::;3:o» p. m:
ai'\'T)AY • £.JO V. U.
LADIES FKEE THUBSDAT AND FRIDAT.
Advance sale of «eata at 5 Stockton »L
. .¦
APy^TISEMENTS. "'
Ends Saturday.
On Saturday the workmen will be gone— our sale
will be over. Our showrooms will then be the finest X/^V
in the city, with ample room for the display of our
superb line of musical instruments. The present sale
is your opportunity to secure one of our high-grade V. i
"10, pianos taken in exchange, at the wonderfully low prices now
prevailing. The list includes these standard instruments.
CHICKERING VOSE
STEINWAY STERLING
WEBER STECK
MASON (Sb HAMLIN
I While the enlargements are still in progress — to-day, Friday
* and Saturday— the generous reductions on our entire stock are
still in force. A like opportunity will not soon recur — it is but
prudent to avail yourself of this one.
Sheet, Music at* Popular Prices.
SO^
16 " O F ARRErl/L ST.
Eastern Visitors
Should by All Means See
Yosemite Valley
On the Low Rates — Via
Southern Pacific
] Until October 13th the
1 Southern Pacific will sell
round trip tickets from San
Francisco to Yosemite Val-
ley for $48.50.
BOUND TRIP INCLUDES
Pullman accommodations
both ways, a charming side
ride to the Mariposa Grove
(the greatest of all the Cali-
fornia Big Trees), twelve
meals and three nights' lodg-
l ings at first-class hotels, and
3 carriage drives to Mirror
•J Lake, Vernal Falls, Nevada
Falls and Glacier Point.
Those who desire to stay
j longer than the schedule
time may do so by paying
the low special hotel rate of
$3.00 a day.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S CHOICE
Was the Southern Pacific
route, and many famous peo-
ple before him have found it
most satisfactory. If you
want your trip to Yosemite
to be complete
Travel by Southern Pacific.
Folder and Full Information
City Office Southern Pacific
613 Market Street, San Francisco.
PifarA D °N' T FA k TO
idiatc gee the bejmtiful
1 . COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
wuu Parlor, tho
Cr-nrtA PALM ROOM, the
llftinfl LOUIS XV PAR-
vii unu LOR^ flnd the LA
B A . 1 DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
fmrr~rpcl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
UAKItito .
P^ it tie Gsntnns Must Bear
gTlVER Fsc-Simils Signature
H PILLS. j^p <t -
, PRAGERS
I " Bwst^,, Brown " On Every Purchase women's
I Collars _ !* Hosiery r
1 1O^ Tilis is n he al Of $1.00 Or OVer 3 Da irs for $1.00
H I*/ (3 new swc11 collar "v w»#»«« »», yciiizf *«-»». *»•""
¦ **^^* f .for women, and is TflPT*P VV ill Rl* Women's two-thread Silk
¦ made of Butcher linen * *»*'* M w V M* «#^ Lisle Thread Hosiery, which
H and embroidered in delicate <4C— . — M • f\ «».!•% has Ia^« all around from the
|j Oriental designs. This will o01H6tniIiJ2C isOlliSC toe to the top; also double
HI be the reigning fad this fall. _ - ~ soles and double heels and
m It is a collar well worth 250 ff\ tnt* AlTlrtllFlf* #YF toes; another pattern has
B IAJ i"^ r»mvHiiu vf* Iace ankle and ganzc top;
fj Women's -^^ guaranteed fast black; well
g Handkerchiefs % 1 Kf% Wf*g*& """" 5 ° c ' r " r '
3 mi/^, -Women's <p Jl »*^%/ A • I Tennis
M linen Handkerchiefs — un- *»U flflgvlO r\l / — A fine prade of
I ¦ laundered-they are made _„_ ___7 SylC J«tty" rfvieS'S
1 in the prettiest of floral de- *Q^ ff\ Atl| m VJ/OW pretty^tyle^or
Eg signs, worked by hand in ll /f\| a Q SjSb mV stripes. They are Just the pro-
m one corner. «nd have dainty Jl 0 1^11 if £££- oi^ ht for n Je ht dresses,
ii hpmstitrhed hnrrWs T^»t, : ml pajamas, etc.. and at the low
w nemstucnea borders. Iney Of pr i Ce O f 8 l-3c a yard are an
g are well worth 20c. ¦ 1 exceptional offering.
I Opening Sale of Women's High women's Tourist, coats
m ti^ _ *^ r% « • — f -^ ** (Second Floor.)
I Grade Shoesm Our New Dept. $T.95and$9.95
I \I ? E have delayed inaugurating this great sale until everything was „. , a .. ..___, _ K tv,,.-,-*
Eg \A/ in absolute readiness to give the very best satisfaction to our cus- ., ™f 8e "? *5 e »" e J^ m?T£?m £ £
R V V tomers. A special stock of shoes of all kinds waa bought in the Co*** ™£ d «r?£.« i^ irh w« th^
18 East for this new department and to make it worth while to visit I^ilfK £" c " a ,^ fi^th P^ marked
g Blucher or button in Vici Kid. Patent We have other styles up to >24.&o.
M Colt. Patent Vici, Enamel and Box f£\ _ _ .
H Calf, Every toe shape is shown and /0\ \y 01X1611 S FOIlCy GOOOS
H they are hand-turned and have Good- /^^ M^S\ w ¦•"^» •
1 S r r SSK? o? le &it£E cu^Tr fife M Beyond Comparison
Ej Louis XV heels. / JU7 MESJ 1 2M1 (Main Floor.)
m *t> -4 *-\ r> — This is a s P ecial / *W_. nfyiKj I •"/ \\ laces.
Ii i -*C of a11 our women ' 9 / rLw iiuSS I -o/ Vv 2r»o a yard— A now n«t top point Oauz«
Si tJP 1 •VJ'V 5 3 and * 3 - 50 Ox " A. 1BSK f**p2H /J?/ \\ Lace— the popular kind that is no
m ford Ties. They f»^ W^ MSSJ / -o/ jB\ pretty for sleeves. It is a splendid
H arr> made of Patent Colt and may bo V&S^ •© %2I£n B $ J&M width from 4 to 7 Inches wi.le. and In
M had in either Blunher or lace. They \fj2S»V *5 WzSl /V JBB2& shown in butter and Arabian.
§9 have Goodyear welted soles only and <iaEr«Sfc»3k ityj&SrTsY PMnnnTTipnT
H ar* made on the now shape toes with \»«i\ LfrmZT /& „_ EMBROIDEEY.
M Military or Cuban heels. This is ab- Vftjek. jSbK» -?><• a yard— Embroidery
fl polutely the best Oxford Tie ever of- >S«Kp^w J0&&291 edjrmRs am! d<»mi-?!ounce*.
£1 fered m:id^ specially for skirt
|j <N^^^ F.ounc-s and corsft cov-
H ( ' h b»=m^^»= 5eB=g==sB=a=»ga=a er3 There are many new
fj Three Millinery Specials fiTft ,-rffti, j and fine patterns in this
If ~ ,»«. «. ¦ stock and every yard of it
N For S.t.SO you may have "«| comPa from slx to tw( , lve
H °on d°ri Sa?lors Xqi Tne^ Jp3 -411 Jhk&* f\ jJH-tif inches wide. It is really
y $4.OO will buy you a fine /TSpBhmli &A VJX^HL H^L^ M> /ZimJf* have just opened a nig
PI fancy shirred Silk and f ¦¦ _ 1» f shipment of Kayser's Silk
Bi Velvet Hat. Tho colors are VBi j ><<?S^ Jr *• I Gloves. They corne in
H black, brown and navy. iBfr**^ «.* »-• i bluck and whito colors, so
H S4.08 will permit a wide Ui ALWAYS RELIABLE that every taste may be
If selection of styles in Silk ISa ( satisfied here. All of these
H Turbans, complete with- J^ f2 < Ml* I U^fcO TVTA RKFT ST jewts Kloves are made with
if out trimming; this is a * l^OO 14UU1 T 1AKIVL. i C» l.JC*w double tips. They come
U very dainty hat. M . * in all sizes.
AMUSEMENTS.
— CALIFORNIA — .
LAST THREE HXOHTS.
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. FREDERICK BELASCO Present*
the Popular Actress.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Great Masterpiece.
"TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES"
NEXT SUNDAY '
BALPH STUABT
IN
BY RIGHT OP SWOBS
With His Original New York Com-
pany and Production Direct From the
American Theater.
f*Al IIUDIA SA* FRANCISCO'S
UULUIwBB A LEADING Wi
Powell St.. near Market.
A POPULAR SUCCESS.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK,
Nightly, Including Sunday at 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2:13.
Hamlln and Mitchell's Extravaganza,
WIZARD OF OZ
Eeatn now ready for second and last week.
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
EVERY NIGHT AT 3.
Herbert & Smith's Delightful Comic Opera
Serenade
<^ -r MATINEE SATURDAY.
SAME PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c
¦'AT PI7 An Belasco * Mayer,
ALtAZAK £Tpr,
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matinees To-Day and Saturday.
Bvjr., 25c to 75c Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 30c
WHITE I AND THE ALCAZAR CO. j
U/H1TTLESEY
In the Great Romantic Drama,
MonbarS
"Mr "Whlttlesey at hl« b-st."— Cfcronicle.
"A Pronounced Success." — Call.
"Tho Production Excellent." — Examiner.
MONDAY. SEPT. 26 — MR. WHITTLESEY In
"SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE,"
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. A. ,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
First Time in San Francisco of
Theodore Kremer's Powerful Sensational
Drama.
FALLEN BY
THE WAYSIDE
Depicting the Terrible Evils of Drink.
A Mammoth Scenic Production.
DDIfBC Evenings.. \. ••. 10c to 50c
rtVlCLJ Matinees 10c. 15e, 25c
Next— THE DANITES.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAJYIBRA THEATER.
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY.
Second and Last Grand Operatic Concert.
ATRANCISCA
The Great Prima Donna Soprano.
Seats on . sale at Sherman, Clay Si Co.'s.
Melville Ellis at Piano; Louis Newbauer,Police Judge Decides That the Canine
, . Acted Well Within Its
Rights.
Tralee Maid vs. Gambit: Adonis vs. Flaunt;
Tom King vs. Secretive; Sampler vb. Duhal
low; Northern Alarm vs. In Time; J E H vs.
Tillle R; Real Pasha vs. Eagle: Pasha Pleas
ant vs. Royal Spirit; Concord Tralee vs.- Gold
Chain; Sunnybrook vs. Belle Marie; Apple
Blossom vs.. Fancy Free: Polka Dot vb. Racing
Auto: Frisco Lad vb. Tom Hooker; Pocatelli
vs. False Alarm; Ruby Sankey vs. Texas
Betty; Ragged Actor . vs. Renegade Apache;
Conroy vb. Rocked : Asleep; . Ammandan vs.
Icellus; The Delta vs. Black Coon; Mickey
Free vs. Hudson; Agile Spurt vs. Bright For
tune: Rose of - Gold vs.". Tellowtall; Sylvester
vs. Angus CIbbus; Sofala vs. Golden Light;
Barge vs. Texas Hoo-Hoo; .Wattles vs. Prin
cess Savoy; The Referee vs. / Aurella; Walt
for Me*v«. .Tralee Ltfiss: Advance Guard vs.
Haphazard: McVey vs. Shadow; Fannie Hughle
vs.- John H«enan;- Pomona vs. Vandal- •
Sixty-four greyhounds are entered
in the open stake which makes up
this week's card to be run on Sunday
at Union Coursing Park. Pocatelll,
Barge, Tom King, Racing Auto, Black
Coon, The Referee, McVey and other
flyers are entered. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Pocatelll. Barge, Tom King. McVey
and Other Flyers Will Compete
on Sunday.
DOG THAT BIT STREET
ORATOR IS EXONERATED
sixty four greyhounds
n; in union park stake
¦ Fifth race, six furlongs, running — Resigned
won. Hogarth second Charlla Schweltz«r
third. Time. 1:14%. .
Sixth race, one mile, running — Rim Rock
won. Our Choice second, Fondo third. Time,
1:41%.
First race, Northwestern Derby. two-mll«
dash, for 2:16 trotters — Redskin won. The
Commonwealth second, Coronado third, Belladl
fourth. Time, 4:41 14.
Second race, one and an eighth mllea, for
pacers— .Tack Wllmot won, Hellene second. The
Freak third Garvln Wilkes fourth. Time,
2:34 Vi.
Third race, fire and a half furlongs,, run
nlng — Cannell won.NCapltol second, Guerro
third. Time, 1:09%.
Fourth race, four furlongs, running — Queen
T won, Titus second Agnes Mack third. Time.
:48.
SEATTI>E. Sept. 21. — Th« Meadows sum
mary:
Racing at Seattle.
. By tn« N«w Torle Morning Telegraph.
First race—^Jameji V. Latola, Van
Ness.
Second race— Spring, Lord Badge,
Graceful.
Tlilrd race— Danseuse, Ascot Belle,'
Niblick.
Fourth race — Dolly Spanker, Out
come, Alan-a-Dale. -
Fifth race— Thomas entry (St. Bel
lane or Flyback), Tongorder, Linda
Lee.
Sixth race — Flammnla, Jane Holly,
Gray Friar. :
Condition of the track — Fast.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By th« Chlcagw Inter Ocean.
First race— The Novice, Monte,
Lord DIxon.
Second race — Golden Mnk, Oliver
Me, LJnzo.
Third race — Federal. Gloriosa,
Handley Cross.
Fonrth race — Spencerian, Bragg,
Huzzali. 1
Fifth race— On© Way, Girdlestone,
La Londe, ?
Sixth race — Cyprienne, The Gadfly,
Cardinal Wolsey.
Seventh -race — Dr. Stephens, Dun
gannon, Flying Torpedo.
Condition or the track — Slow.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
ACCUSED OF STABBING A WAITER.—
Harvey Chinn. colored, was booked at the
City Prier-n yesterday by Detectives O'Dea
anfl Mulc*hy »n<1 Policeman Skain on a charge
of as«au!t to murder by stabbing Henry Con
way, a waiter, en the night of September 4
during a flglit en Pacific street. Chinn was
also mixed up in a cutting ecrape on Oneida.
place on Monday nlgtt.
The football' men are to be given
unlimited care and attention this year
and nothing will be overlooked In the
training that might have a bearing on
victory. The Associated Students,
through their executive committee, are
going to furnish not only a training
table this year, but a house for the
players as well, so that they will be
guarded against all outside influences.
The house. is an eighteen-room dwell
ing at 2214 Union street, big enough
to accommodate twenty men with all
sorts of luxuries. The squad to fill
these rooms will be chosen by the
coaches and Captain Stroud.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21. — The Uni
versity of California is well off In
coaches this year, having four at work.
Hopper, Greisberg and Mini have been
retained to coach the varsity and sec
ond elevens and last night the execu
tive committee of the Associated Stu
dents engaged Lee Kerfoot '01 to put
the freshmen team into fighting shape.
Kerfoot was a close rival of "Jimmy"
Hopper for Quarterback of the famous
'99 team and knows the game. Since
leaving college he has coached a num
ber of "prep" school elevens, so he has
kept in touch with the way the game
is played now. His sole attention will
be devoted to the freshmen eleven,
while Hopper and Greisberg will look
after the varsity and Mini after the
second eleven. 1
KERFOOT ENGAGED TO COACH
THE BERKELEY FRESHMEN
Will Devote His Entire Attention to
the Team Throughout the
Season.
Despite the fact that it lost a hard
fought game, the play was so funny
that Manager Dugdale shook with
laughter. Thlelman pitched splendid
ly for Portland and the work behind
him was good. Seattle took Shields
out in the third inning. Charlie Hall
pitched out the game in fine form. The
score:
Seattle— I Portland—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H.cf 6 1110 Drntn.cf 2 2 2 It 0
Mchler,2b 3 0 0 4 X Hurley.lb 2 1 1 S 0
Blnknp.rf 0 0 2 10 Nadau.rf 4 1110
*"rlsk.ir. S O 2 1 0 Weed.si. 4 0 2 S 2
Deleh,3b 4 10 2 1 Beck,2b. B 0 4 1 2
Mrphy.lb 4 12 8 2 dynes, If S 0 0 3 0
R. Hall.cs 3 2 112 Mahon. 3b 4 0 0 8 2
Wll->n,o. 4 0 2 10 2 Hstgs.3b 10 0 0 0
Shlelds.p 10 0 11 Stelmn.o 4 0 0 8 3
C.UalLp. 8 0 2 13 Thilmn.p 4 0 0 4 8
Totals S7 5 12 SO 13 Totals 35 4 10*28 12
¦One out when wlnnlncr run wm made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattl* 110001010 1—3
Bt8« hits... 2-10212011 2—12
Portland 00. t 000001 0—4
Ba«e h'.t»... 0-12-11 0-0*1-2 2 — 10
SUMMARY.
' Errors — Weed (2), Hastings. Thieltnan. Mohler,
R. Hall. Delehanty. Earned runs— Seattle 2.
Two-base hits — Van Haltren. Beck. Drennan.
Sacriflce hits— Mohler. Murphy. Hurley (2),
Weed. Stolen bases — Blankenshlp, Wilson,
B»ck, Clynei. Bases on balls— Oft Shields 2,
off Thlelman 1/ Hit by pitched ball— Mohler.
ivclehanty, Drennan (2). Struck out By
Shields 3, by C. Hall 7. by Thlelman 3 ' In
nings pitched — Shields 3, C. Hall 7. Hits — Off
Shields 3. off C. Hall 7. Tlm«:of game— Two
Shields 3. off C. Hall 7. ' Shields' opponents at
bat — 11. Time of game — Two hours and seven- I
teen minute.. Umpire-McCarthy. .
SEATTLE, Sept. 21. — With the
score a tie in the tenth inning: and one
man on first and one out. Murphy hit
a mean bounder to Ira Hastings, who
had been put on third in the tenth in
ningr in place of Mahon, a local player.
Hastings had no chance to get the
man at first, but tried second. He
tossed the ball over Beck's head and
then following: up the ball fumbled it
again and kicked it once more. When
Delehanty had scored the winning run
for Seattle Hastings was still booting
the ball around In center field.
HASTINGS' WEIRD FUMBLES.
CONVICTED IN RECORD TIME. — George
Atwood was tried before a Jury In Judge
• 'ook'e court yesterday on a felony charge.
He was convirted and nentenoed to serve five
years in San Quentin. The whole proceedings,
from the jmpanelment or the jury to the jam-
In; of eentence, occupied 45 minutes. Tbi«
tr.aies a rrw record.
First race— Gasconne, Annabelle
Lee, Ollie Burnett.
Second race — Mildred Lv Radium,
Terlo.
Third race — Vulcain, Lady Con
trary. Loco.
Fourth race— -Jake Greenberg,
Howling Dervish, Lady Fonse.
Fifth race — Ingolthrift, Potter, Lus
tls.
Sixth race— Alcom R, Athena, Dr.
Kier.
Condition of the track— Past.
Sixth race, mil* and ¦errenty yards, aelllnr.
mares and geldings, three-year^-old* and up —
Stuyva 113. Grey Friar 108, Agnes D 103, Fal
mouth 103, Cottage Maid 103. Lem Reed 103,
Canteen 99. Jane Holly 98, Hydrangea 98, Tol
San 98, Hoodwink 98, Flammula 90, Dimple
03. Briar thorpe 93, Austral lna 80.
Fifth race, about «lx furlongs, handicap,
two-year-olds, $1000 added — Flyback 121, St.
Bellane 126, Tongorder 111, Veto 110, Tineas
10S, Lindsay Gordon 103, Linda Le« 104, Derry
100, Amberjack 83. (Flyback and St. Bellane,
Thomas entry.)
Fourth race, the Occidental handicap, one
and an eighth miles, all ages $2500 added
First Mason 120. Africander 121, Lord of the
Vale IIS. Bad News 115, Alan-a-Dale 113,
Dainty 111, Gunfire 111, Outcome 108, Proper
105, Carbuncle 104. Dolly Spanker 104, Mineola
»5, Ormonde's Right 110. (Dainty and Proper,
Jennings entry: Carbuncle and Dolly Spanker.
Wilson entry; Gunfire and Mineola Duryea
entry.)
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds, $100O added — Lochinvar 109, Jack
MoKeon 105. lvanhoe 105. Niblick 105 Ike S
102. Priority 102. Driftwood 102, R. L. John
son 102, Wild Irishman 101. Ascot Belle 98,
Eccentrical 99, Danseuse 9t5, Irish Jew 94.
Smlllrg Alic« 94.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. — The Occi
dental Handicap at one and an eighth
miles will be the feature of the
Gravesend card to-morrow. First
Mason will carry top weight, 126
pounds. Africander, Lord of the Vale,
Alan-a-Dale, Dainty, Gunfire, Proper
and others will start. The entries:
First race, about six furlongs, selling, three
year-Dlds and ud. $1000 added— Cast alia n 108,
Monet 105 Orthodox 104, Reticent 104 Damon
101, Jams V 10-_\ Ascension 100. King Pepper
98. Van Ness OS, Duche.ia OIHe 99, Dick
Bernard 92, IWola 92, Clear the Arena 94,
Trovator S9, Missing Link 89.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap, all ages, ?1200 added— Spring 115,
,I*ord Badge 110, Jack Ratlin 107, Graceful 104,
Sir Lynnewood 100, Sheriff Bell 99.
GRAVESKXD ENTRIES.
DELMAR SELEOTIOX9.
Fifth race, nve and a half furlongs. purse-
Ed Early 97. Alcor 100, Torpedo 102, One
Way 105, Glrdlestone 105, La Londe 107.
Sixth race six furlongs, gelling — Miss Deuce
1<\ Fay Templeton 81, The Gadfly 88, Monls
9S' Cyprlenne 98, Lady Free Knight 98. Father
Tallent 102, W. J. Deboe 107, Wine Sap 109,
Harrison 109, Josetto 109, Cardinal Woolsey
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles-,
selling— Arab 94, Dungannon 08. O'Hagen 99.
Klelnwood 09, Sioux Chief 101, King Ellsworth
lft'5. Dr. Stephens 104, Barkelmore 107, Pirateer
108, Flying Torpedo 110.
Third race, one mile, selling, owners and
tralnerst to ride— Jusque La (Gibson) 139, Wen
rick (Hlnky) 143, The Bugaboo (Booker) 145.
Handley Cross (Dugan) 149, Gloriosa (Durnell)
149 Curate (Bellew) 149. Federal (Martin)
150[ Thane (McCafferty) 151. Blackthorn (Rut
ter), 152, Marcos . (Henry) 152. Hans Wagner
(Smith) 152, Pretty Charley (Ortle) 157.
Fourth race, one mile, purse— Spencerlan 90,
Gregor K 104, Huzzah 107, Bragg 107. .
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
The Novice 102, Sis Lee 102, Xo Trumper 105,
Cclonel Ruppert 105 Dixie Lad 105, J. B.
Smith 105, Monte 105. Lord DIxon 105, Kid
Weller 105. Eckersall 1C5.
Second race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Cherokee Lass 12/i. Dagmar 125, Mrs.
Grannan 138. John E. Owens 138. Lingo 140.
llar.dvlce 150, Oliver Me 154, Golden Link
1C0.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21. — Much fun is
expected at Harlem to-morrow when
the horses go to the post in the third
race. Owners and trainers are to ride
and there will be no misunderstanding
of riding orders. It will be better than
a Darktown Derby for the regular
Jcckeys: The entries:
IIARLEM ENTRIES.
. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; maiden thr«:e-ycar-olds:
Bf-tting. »Ior?c. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Even" — Phantom. 107 (Burns).. 1 3 >,£ 1 4
15 to 1— l>n Crorkett.I02(Hu«tn).13 6 8 2 1
7tol — i'rin.Atlwllng.lOS (Hlgns) 3 2 13 1%
Time, 1:51. Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
Arvene Stables b. *. by Meddler-Dissembler.
All Right. Clovls. Bally Castle, Water Pansy,
Tlthonlc. Briery. Ricky T. Sllverfoot, St. Gal
len. Dan Connors. Toprlght, finished as named.
Owin^ to Unfavorable Weather Major
I>elmar"s Uerord Trial Is Postponed.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 21. — A
heavy wind blew straight down the
t>atk* stretch at the Grand Circuit
rzces to-day and for this reason Major
Delmar's trial against Cresceus' record
oc" 2:02^4 was postponed until to-mor
row. Summary:
2-19 trot, threo in five, purse J100<> (thrve
hc<i» Tuesday 1 — Brownie Wilton wr>n the third,
fourth ani fifth heat? in 2:14 T i. 2:10 l j. 2:12',«.
Mainland went the first and F»cond heats In
5:14m, Jj. Jesse O. V.>* Jeannette. Get
away. Belle C. Brilliant Girl. Direct WrI,
Walter r^ierre. Winnie Right. Truthful Chimes,
Princess Derby. Aylwin. Ballast, I>crothy,
Martha B. Harry Simmons and Harry McKer
run alec started.
2:19 pac« Btaii*. thr»e in five, puree $2000—
Morning Star wr.n thre* straight heats in
2-.07U. 2.07M:- 2:«JS l a . I-ady Mack. Baron
(Jratto'n. Bad"N«>ws and Kudora ali»o started.
2:10 trotting stake, three in five, purse $2U0<>
—John Taylor won the first. s»-eon<l and fiith
fc^ats In i*:<W'i. 2:10'j. 2:10tt- I>r. Strong
won the third and fourth ht-ats» in 2:09'«,
2:10Ti. La<ly Gail Hamilton. John Me. Oon
¦ue'.o S, Korric and BOIjr Kosttr also 6tarteu.
2:10 r»ce. three heat*, ra'h heat a race,
r-urse $1000— liell Mo won three etralg'nt heals
in 2T06'i CrQ\ 2:0S»'-i. Bud I'csey. Monnett.
Abe Bom, Ben K. Katie H, Hamilton. Sweet
liay. Biron B »nd Czarina aim started.
To beat 2:1s 1 ! trotting — Earl Wilton won.
Time. 2:1U«.
GUAM) CIKCriT ItACIXG
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
sellingT two-year-old maiden fillies:
IWtlng. Hoi?e. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
Otol — Gold Roae, !»4 (Orimmins) 5 14 16
15 to 1 — Calmness. 98 (Travers).. B 4 2 2 h
3 to 2— Delusion. 9tl (W.Davis). 4 3 1 3 3
lime, 1 :08 4-5. Start fair Won ridd«n out.
Winner. W. Lakeland's ch. f. by Gold Crest-
Kose Barr. Salt and Pepper. Dance Music,
Prlnceps Erirf. Ciueen Rose, Bravery. Galice,
Smiling Alice. Long Days, Prude, Awakening,
T<?a Girl, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21. — The" entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar fol
low:
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
purse— Annabelle Lee 100. Algetha 100. Ollie
Burnett 100, Chancy 100. Gaeconne 100.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Ed
uardo 101, Guardian 100, Secundus 100. Ra
dium 99, Trogon 99, Mildred L 94, Torlo 94,
King Fox II 94.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Topsoll 105,
Merwan 105, Catherine Knox 105, D'Arcy 106.
SanctlFslma 105, Mrs. Grannan 105. Lady Con
trary 105, Lacache 105, Blackmore 105, Fa
qulta 105, Loca 105, Feronia 105, Vulcain 103.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling — Jake
Grecnberg 108. Branch 105, Dawson 105. Mav
erick 100, Hock Se Oka 100, Howling Dervish
100. I.ady Fonse 94. My Eleanor 81.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Kings
Charm 100, Lustlg 103, Potter 100, Ingolthrlft
ia%, Redman 105, Tom Klley 103. Preakness
101, Major Carpenter OS.
i Sixth race, one mile and three furlongs, sell-
Ing — Dr. Kier 104, Barca 103, St. Simonlan
100. Burke Cochran 100, Hucena 100. Athena
94, Alcom R 90.
DEIjMAR ENTRIES.
STANDING OF THE CLUES.
(National League.) . W. L. Pet.
W. L. Pet. (American League.)
New York. 09 37 .728,New Yorlt..8."J 51 .620
Pittsburg .79 5^ .509| Boston .....ft &i .»31!
Chicago ..80 04 .r>a7j Chicago ..79 58 .577
Cincinnati 73 59 .SCO Phlladel ..73 57 .5<"2
St. Louis.. CO 68 A90 Cleveland .72 62 .837
Brooklyn ..Ort 87 .365|St. Louis.. 57 77 .4*J6
Boston ....47 8!> .3151 Detroit ...57 78 .422
Philadel ..44 y:j .31»ll\Vashlngtn Xi 102 .2*1
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.)
BOSTON, Sept. 21. — Henley weak
ened in the fifth inning of -the first
game and his faulty control was
largely responsible for Boston's run
getting. The second game was an ex
citing battle down to the close. At
tendance 8500. Scores:
First game — r _-.S R. H. E.
Boston 5 7 ti
Philadelphia 1 4 J
Batteries — Dineen and Criger; Henley ana
Noonan.
Second game — R. H. E.
Boston 4 8 3
Philadelphia 3 8 3
Batteries — Gibson and Doran; Coakley, Plank
and Noonan.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— Cleveland defeated
St. Louis here to-day In a one-sided game.
Glade was knocked out of the box In the
second Inning. Attendance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 17 1
Cleveland 9 10 1
Batteries — Glade, Morgan and Sugden; Hess
and Buelow.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21. — Washington
bunched three hits in the eighth Inning on
Clarkson to-day; scoring three runs and de
feating New York. Donovan's fielding and
timely hitting were features. Attendance,
1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 7 2
New York 2 10 1
Batteries— Patten, Clark and Kittredge;
Clarkson and McGuire.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Chicago won easily
from Detroit to-day. Attendance, $000. Score:
**• H - E -
Chicago 4 « 1
Detroit 2 8 1
Batteries— Alt rock and Sullivan; Stovall and
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— New York lost two
games to Cincinnati to-day. The second was
called by .agreement at the end of the second
inning. Attendance, 3700. The score:
First game— r. h. E.
Cincinnati 3 g 3
New York 4 9 3
Batteries — llahn and Peitz; Mattbewson and
Bowerman.
Second game — R. jj. e.
Cincinnati 2 2 1
New York 0 6 1
Batteries — Harper and ScMel; Taylor and
Warner. Umpires — Em»Ile and Carpenter.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 21.— Plttsburg won two
games from Brooklyn to-day. Only seven In
nings were played In the second game, owing
to darkness. Attendance, 1800. Scores-
First game — r. h. E
Plttsburg 5 10 j
Brooklyn 1 7 0
Batteries — Leever and Ph«Ips; Cronln and
Bereen. '. .
Second game — R H E
Pittsburg 2 6 i
Brooklyn 1 » 1
Batteries— Flaherty and Phelps; Riesling and
Rltter. Umpires — Moran and O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 21.— Despite the cold
weather a good crowd saw the Iocal3 win
two games to-day from Chicago. Attendance
2200. Scores :
First game— R . H . E .
Chicago 4 it «
Philadelphia T 9 4
Batteries— Weimer and Kling; Duggleby and
Roth.
Second game — r. h. E
Chicago o o j
Philadelphia 3 7 2
Batteries — Lundgren and O'Neill; Sparks and
Dooin. Umpire — Johnstone.
BOSTON, Sept. 21.— The local team won from
St. Louis to-day by hitting McFarland freely
In the sixth and aeventh Innings. Attendance.
200. Score:
„ A R. H. E.
Boston 9 14 i
St. Louis j 1 7 «
Batteries — Fisher and Moran; McFarland and
Grady. Umpire— Zlmmer.
Unlucky Quarrel for Jackson.
Thomas Jackson, colored, quarreled
with Blanche Lamar on Pacific street
Tuesday night and both were arrested
by Policeman Skain on charges of vag
rancy and disturbing the peace. Yes
terday Jackson was recognized by De
tectives O'Dea and Mulcahy as being
wanted for burglary. He is accused
of entering the cabin of the schooner
Pretender at Steuart-street wharf on
the morning of September 6 and steal-
Ing a gold watch, chain and locket
valued at $250 and $40 in coin, all be
longing to Captain Olaf Olson. The
articles have been recovered. Jack
son is also wanted on charges of burg
lary committed in Oakland. '
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three- year-olds and up:
Bettlnp. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10 — L.ubin, 10i (Anderson) .. 5 2 2 12
7 to 1— Dolinda, 97 (Austin).... 2 11^2 2
9 to 1 — Mainspring, 103(Conway) 1 40 3 5
Time, 2:0"Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Elliott's ch. g. (4) by Laz
zarone-Tarantella. Goo Goo 1CX>. Miss Eon 03,
Broodier 103, finished as named.
Time, 1:30% Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. -K. Hughes' b. m. (4) by Iroquois-
Ella Blackburn. Frank Collins 89, Birdie
Stone 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up: ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey;- St. % Fin.
7 to 10 — Pourquol Pas.lOO(Andsn) 1 13 13
5 to 2— Orient. 101 (Austin) 4 37 23
10 to 1— L. Hunter, 100 (Dvdson) 2 2 1 3 2
STANFORD FRESHMEX TO PLAY.
Will 3Icct the Strong Eleven From
Snnta Clara College.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept.
21. — The Stanford freahman football
team will line up to-morrow afternoon
against the strong eleven from Santa
Clara College. This will be the sec
ond game of the season for the young
sters, they having defeated Palo Alto
High School last week by the score
of £ to 0.
The freshmen have been drilled dil
igently all week by Coach Hauver
man. but no team ha3 been selected
as yet. Every player in the squad
will be given an opportunity to show
what he can do In the game to-mor
row. :One noticeable change is the
removal of Pemberton, the Mission
High player, from the guard to full
back, his old position, and the placing
of Moody, a Belmont player, in the
former position. Horton, from Ukiah.
has been doing unusually well at
tackle this week, as has Coe at cen
ter. The line-up of the two teams
will be:
Stanford freshmen— Co« center: Gay. right
guard; Moody, left guard; Bryan, right tackle-
Horton. left tackle; AVllson. right end- Over
man, left end; Kearae. quarterback; Cadwal
lader, right halfback; Kocher left halfback'
Pemberton, fullback.
Santa Clara— Haack. left end: Donlan. left
tackle; McElroy. left iruard; Hubbard. center-
Blow, right guard: "Woodford, right tack:*-
Ivancovich (captain), right end: Mage* quar
ter, Feeney. left half; Schmitz. right half-
Murphy, fullback. * r *
John CMera Found Dead.
John O'Mera or Oileara, a man
about 35 years old. supposed to" b«
from the country, was suffocated by
Inhaling Illuminating: gas in the In
ternational Hotel last Tuesday night.
O'Mera arrived at the hotel on Tues
day. He went to bed on Tuesday
night very drunk and was found dead!
at 9:20 a. m yesterday, the valve of
the gas burner being open. Four
empty beer bottles and three flasks
which had contained whisky trer*
found in the room. Ten dollars and
fifty cents and a Southern Pacific
conductor's receipt for It fare wer*
among his effects. His clothing was
new and had been made in Sacra
mento. Indications are that death was
the result of an accident.
Al Hereford, Joe Gars' manager,
reached here last night from Balti
more. His first act was to post $1000
in ca«h as a forfeit to bind a match
with Jimmy Britt at 133 pounds for
tlie lightweight championship of tne
world. _ . ,
Hereford stipulates that Gans Is to
•meet Walcott. and Britt is to meet
Young Corbett. as already planned,
and that the outcome of these
matches is not to have any bearing
on th- fight for the lightweight cham
pionship between Britt and Gans,
Hereford says the match must be
made, if at all. before Gans and Wal
t ott fight a week from to-morrow
night.
The Britt -Corbett fight seems in the
air. The Californian has been trying
his best to pet into telegraphic com
munication with Corbett. but the lat
ter has proved elusive. Harry Pol
lok no longer represents Corbett, so
there is no one here authorized to
speak for the erratic little Denverite.
PoMok will witness the McCoy-Sul
livan fight in Los Anseles and the
Gans-Walcott fight here and will then
return East. He is to take big Jim
Kennedy's j>lace in the former pro
moting firm of Kennedy & Powers.
Billy Roach received a telegram
from Young Corbett late last night,
in which he says he wired Britt here
.ind received an answer that Britt waft
in the country. Roach has placed the
boxers in communication and some
thing definite is expected to result to
day.
With Britt at 1»3 Pounds.
AI Hereford Posts $1000 for a Match
CANS' FORFEIT IS UP.
Nor did the run-getting end there.
Dunleavy walloced a slow one in the
fourth, and it never stopped till it
reached Ringgold street and landed In
the gutter. The only Angel run was
the result of a double by Cravat h in
the second, followed by Chase's sacri
fice and Toman's drive to the left
garden.
Moskiman handled his nine chances
in great shape. He was full of life
and action and never played, better
ball. Not an error marred the ' play
on either side. A one-handed pick
up by Chase at second brought down
the stand and bleachers. The score:
Oakland — Los Anseles —
AB. R. II. P.A. AH. R. H. P.A.
Ran!ey.rf .'! 0 0 2 1 Bernrd.cf ,1 n 0 ip n
Dunlvy.e 4 1 2 0 .1 Flood. 3b 4 0 3 2 0
£hlfly.2b 4 O O :{ l[Brash.lb 4 0 O 9 1
Krugr.cf 4 0 12 oCravth.rt 4 1 2 rt 1
Mskm.Sb 4 O 1 3 6|Cliase.2b 3 0 114
Grahm.lf 3 1 .2 » 1 Toman.s 4 0 2 2 3
Stark. lb 3- 1 1 12 OjRoss, if -3 O o 1 0
Uyrnes.c 3 12 4 O Eager, c 3 O 0 3 1
Hchmdt.p 3 0 11 "Baum. p 3 0 O 0 1
Totals. 31 4 10 27 lal Totals. 31 1 8 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
1,0* Angeles 0 100O0000— 1
Base hits 0 2 1 0 O 1 2 1 1—8
Oakland 0 3 1 O O 0 0 0 at— 4
Base hits O4211101 x— 10
SUMMARY.
Home run — Dunleavy. Two-base hlts-^-Cra
vath. Dunleavy. Flood. Sacrifice hit — Chase.
First base en called balls — Oft Schmidt 1, off
l'ai'ai L. Left on bases — Oakland 3, Los An-
E*le» 5. Struck out — By Ecnmldt 3, by Baum
:t. Double plays — Cravath to Brashear, Mos
klnian to £tark. Schmidt to Echlafly, Chase to
Ii'ashi'ar. Time of game — 1 hour 30 minutes.
Umpire— McDonald.
Peter Lohman gathered a motley
throng of baseball players yesterday
and took a lasfchance by turning
them loose against the Angels. All
the fans were surprised when they
saw MoFkiman at third. Stark in Ju
lie istreib's clothes and Graham mak
ing high signs from far-away left
field. But the Angels did not do any
laughing. Far from It. They took
second money. Score, 4 to 1.
It can be justly said that Oakland
never played a better game. Xo one
erred and hard chances were eaten
like luncheon. Moskiman* played
third base as well as Jimmy Collins
ever did in his life, and the way Dun
leavy stowed away the torrid ones
around short made eome of the fans
forget Buck Francks ever drew a
salary from Cal Ewing.
Then, to make everything' right,
Schmidt pitched real big league ball.
Except for one run In the second in
ning, the Angels never could get
Jerry to the ones he was unloading.
To help out In the tight places four
swell double plays were made to the
bewilderment of the southern con
tingent.
Baum was hit hard, but at that
Oakland was Just a little bit lucky.
After two had been dead in the sec
ond spasm, Graham swung on one and
sent It slowly creeping to Brashear.
Baum tarried a trifle too long before
covering the sack and the man was
safe. Stark lifted one over Flood's
head and Byrnes swung through to
center field, bringing Graham safely
over the final jump.
Both runners were advanced a bag
and Schmidt chopped one. to Flood.
Timothy was waiting for the sphere
and was getting ready to wing It over
to Brashear when it developed a ping
pong twist, bounded over his head and
out to left field, and both men
sneaked In.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. I,.. Pet., W. L. Pet.
Los Ang..-"J 31 .5S0 San Fran.. 25 L'U .463
Taconia. . .r.l '£'. .I>74luakland ..^.n .446
Seattle ....-".» 'M .527|Portland ..2Z 31 .416
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 21.— The amateur
boxing contests which are being held
under the auspices of the Olympic
frames were opened at the Stadium to
.lay In the heavy-weight class pre
liminary Sam Berger of San Francisco
sained th*» decision over William
Michaels of Bt Louis easily. At the
tap of the gong Michaels rushed ber
ger. who hooked his right to the tem
ple, sending him to the floor com
pletely dazed. Michaels was floored
ir each round and wa* nearly out
wh*n the referee Flopped the contest.
seem to get together and there was
never any time when they had the high
school boys' goal in danger. Rather it
was just the other way. for five min
utes after play began the Berkeleyans
had the ball so nearly over the fresh
men goal line that It was uncomfort
able for the "rooters." It was largely
accidental, no doubt, but accidents
often win football games. It all ended
0 to 0.
The freshmen weakness was dus
mostly to the absence of Sparry, who
Is now of the varsity, and the' frequent
changes in the line and backs. It was
all to the disadvantage of the fresh
men, but then they ought to have done
better with their superior weight and
experience. Snowdon. right half, was
about the only freshman who distin
guished himself, his attacks on the line
being always good for some new
ground. Peck. Stone. Farrow and Mil
ler were conspicuous on the Berkeley
side.
The line-up was as follows:
Berkeley. Positions. Freshmen.
Bowman Center Barnicott. Allea
WItcher R. G. L. Boodleman. Foster
Doane, Ltvermore.. I* G. R Kerr
Johnson. Connolly.. R. T. L Stoor
Sollnsky (captain). . L. T. Tt.. Riley. Richardson
Richardson R. E. L.Zachar1as. Ostran
der.
Monett, Weston L. E. R Harris, Graham
Miller Quarter Kendall
Farrow R. H. L.Golcher. Newman
Stone u H. R Snowdca
Peck Full Twltcheli
BERKELEY, Sept. 21.— Eleven lit
tle fellows from the Berkeley Ilisa
School made it so warm for the Cafi
fornia freshmen on the university cam
pus this afternoon that the bigger fel
lows couldn't score in either half of the
trial at football. The freshmen did not
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Is Dazed by a Kiglit Hook
to the Temple and Is
Never Strong Thereafter
Commuters Bunch a Lot of
Hits on Ba um in Second
Round Which Net Three
Frequent Changes in Make
up Account for Poor
'Showing* at Football
Eeds Take New Yorkers by
Surprise, Administering a
Double Defeat to Giants
SCHMIDT. IS INVINCIBLE
SEVENTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling: ! >• • ¦• *
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Great Eastern.ft7(Harrls) 6 2 h 13
9 to 1 — B. Caldwell. KM (Aubhn) 9 5 Vi 2 1
40 to 1— Plantus. 99 (Pleratt). ... . 7 6 3 3 2
Tim«>, 1:4S .Start. fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. M Walker's br. c. (.1) by Handsome-
Austerity. Chockayotte 95. D. L. Moore 104,
Mr. Farnum 104, Anna Beall 104. Sir Hugh
109, Marcos 107, finished as named.
Time, 1:49. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, R. M. Westerflfld's ch. h. (7) by Chance-
Belgale. Curate 107, Sweet Tone 92, Royal
Pirate 100, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; celling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— Ben Chance.lCS (Mountn) 4 4n 1 4
15 to 2— Wpnrick, 1U4 (Miller) 5 Sh 25
U to 1— Llda Lelb, 90 (OreRar) . . 2 2 >i 3 0
Time. 1:19 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Gotham-
Kenmore Queen. Glrdlestone 103, Arah May
1C0, Annie Alone 95, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ft, Fin.
5 to 1— Cutter, 110 (Mountain).. 6 4 >4 1 h
13 to 10— Ram's Horn. 113 (Nicol) 3 32 2 1VS
16 to 6 — Moor. Damsel.100 (Wlsn) 4 lh 3 2&
FOURTH RACK— Five furlongs; selling; two
year-olds :
Betting. ' Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— U'fulLady,103 (Aubucn) 2 1 h 1 1
7 to 1— Azellna, 110 (JBooker). 8 2 1V42 6
8 to 1— Dundall. 103 (Shaver) ..66 3 V 2
Time, 1:00 2-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner, "J. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Russell-
Useful. Clara Berry 105, Janeta 102, Fay
Templcton 103, finished as named; Doctor C
10fi. left.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; puns; all
aces:
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Nan Hodge. lOO(Lannon) S 1 (4 1 %
15 to 1 — Ktie Powers, 100<Wllsn) 5 32 2n
9 to 2— Felp Lugo. 100 (Mountn) 7 2 2 3 h
Time, 1:32 1-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. by
Rosslngton-Mrs. Lane. Judge Himes 112,
Frontenac 105, Soufriere 10*. Mohican 99, St.
Tammany 104, finished as named; Bombardier
96, left.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; telling;
three-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Ghats, 95 (Nicol) * 1 Vi 1 4
4 to 1— Rag Tag, 107 (Mountain). 6 47 2 2
6 to 1— Muresca, 104 (Knapp) 1 26 32
Time, 1:18. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Marion & Co.'u b. g. (."•) by King Eric-
Red Cap. Barkelmore 107 Falernlan 101. Ber
nlco 94, Allista 06 Watermelon OS, Jim Halo
107, Bob McLean 107, finished as named.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Long shots
were much in evidence at Harlem to
day, Useful Lady being the only fav
orite to win. Some interesting contests
were decided, although the track was
still in bad condition, being lumpy and
heavy. The attendance was light.
Probably the best race of the after
noon was the third, for which Judge
Himes was a redhot favorite. It was
won by Nannie Hodge, at 7 to TSin the
betting, in a sensational finish. The
Darden fllly led all the way and, show
ing great gameness at the end, beat
out Katie Powers, a 15 to 1 shot, by
three parts of a length. Felipe Lugo
was a neck away and a head in front
of Judge Himes. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting, Horse,' Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
13 to 1— BP Charlie 105 (Muntn) 4 34 13
IS to 2— Padr«", 9!) (N'icol) » *» 1 , 2 Vt
13 to 2— Black Art, 102 (Seamstr) 2 16 3 2
Time. 1:04 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. Brignardello's ch. c by The Chev
aller-Charlcote. LoRistilla '.'S, Lady Fashion
100, Ed Early 97. Torpedo 10C, Rathskeller 98,
Foxy Grandma 100, finished as named.
Special Dispatch" to The Call.
FOURTH, RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Allen Avon. 112 (Dugan) 5 1^14
20 to 1— Miss Jungle, 96 (Seder). . 8 3 1 2 ltf
4 to 1— Arlena, 103 (Howell) 4 2 4 3 ns
Time, 1:21%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. S. Price's ch. g. by Aloha-Avola.
Lady Mercury 96, Red Leaf 110, Preventative
90, Captain Brolaskl 86, Tom Shelly 118,
finished aa named. ; ¦ .
THIRD RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1 — Behoove, 114 (Glsborne).. 5 4 2 In
14 to 5— Worthington, 114 (Dugn) 2 12 2 3
8 to 1— Mamselle, 109 (Rice).... 6 32 3 n
Time, 1:5 1. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's b. m. (4) by Lamplighter-
La Qulve. Sigmund 109, First Chip 112. Dr.
Riley 109. Tangible 109, Albany Girl 109, Joe
Dougherty 114, finished aa named.
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olcis:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Anna Lee, 5)9 (Thomer). 7 2 2 11
4 to 1— Ethel'a Pride, 100 (Austn) 3 1 1%2 %
11 to 1— McJetta, 05 (Williams).. 0 31 3 4
Time, 1:17ft: Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Rice Brother* b. f. by Sorcerer-Marie
Stood. Miss Powell 104, Lady Low 95. Chancy
!>5. Moncgram 95, Leila Hunter 95, Edith Vice
W, Kthel Barry 10O, Glenflnlass 95, finished as
named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— Favorites had
a hard time on a track that was
heavy. Two odds-on choices were the
only favorites to win. Weather clear.
Attendance 5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20tol— Loca, lOtf (Hlce) 4 11^15
20 to 1— Fenian, 105 (Gullet). 11 6 4 2h
12 to 1 — Rhyme-Rea9on. 105 (Dgn) 5 2 3 3 8
Time, 1:24. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Doyle's b. m. (5) by Donald A-SalUe
Woodford. Vineland 106, Juba 105, Hompey
111, Blsuka 10«, Hickory Corners 111, Feronia
111. Faqulta 111. Little Corker 111, Always
Faithful 105, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOSER QUICKLY FLOORED
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
handicap; all agc-s:
Betting. Hors>t>, Weight. Jockey. St. s; Fi n#
11 to 5— Humbourn«\114 (O'Neil) .1 iU 1 3
25 to 1 — Champion, 9S Hlildebran) 1 1 1^2 1
Ev«n — Short Hose. Hi) (Odom). 2 4 l' ,1 1
Time. 2:00. Start eood. Won easily. Win
ner. W. B. Leed's b. c. by Indto-Flora Hurst.
Brigand and Aurumaeter finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlonga; th*
Flatlands: tilling; two year-olds:
Betting. Horce. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Teacress, 100 <W. Davis) 9 9 1 h
4 to 1— Gamara. 105 (Redfern).. 5 2 1%2 h
iO to 1 — Bank, l»3 (Sperling) 2 3 h 3 >$
Time, 1:08 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. S. B. I'aget's ch. t. by Watercress-
Teatro. Merry Lark, IJncroft, Bulwark, Car
rie Jone*, lied Fox, Brush Up and Glen Echo
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, about two
and a half miles; handicap; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Good and Plenty, 163 (Ray) 6 2 1 18
12 to 1 — Bonfire, 140 (O'Donnell). . 2 1 1%2 h
13 to 6 — Headmaster. 150 (Helder) 1 3 20 3 B
Time. 5:02. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
T. Hitchcock Jr."s b. g. hy Roaslngton-Famine.
Gazer, Gortnagallon and Numeral finished aa
named.
Sydney Paget's splendid fllly. Tea
cress, finished first in the Flatlands
selling stakes after having apparently
being hopelessly out of It through be
ing Jostled and outrun In its early
stages. Both Lincroft and Bank beat
the barrier and sailed away several
lengths In front, ¦ but Gamara raced
up fast and had a little advantage over
Lincroft for the remainder of the con
test. Then Teacress. which had been
at least eight lengths behind Gamara
and which was forced to make the turn
wide, came so fast as' to electrify her
backers. In a whirlwind of applause
she got up in the last strides and won
by a neck from Gamara, with Bank,
which was Bhut off on the far turn, a
close third. Merry Lark was an equal
ly close fourth. The stake was worth
$1715 to the winner.' Summary:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; handicap;
all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fini
7 to 1— Invincible, OS (W. Davis) 4 2 1 X Vi
10 to 1 — Divination. 98 (Traver*).. 1 12 2 2V4
9 to 2— Shotgun. 125 (Odora) 3 3 2 3n
Time. 1:113-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, Albemarle Stable's ch. c. by Himyar-
BraceW. Van Nes*, Wotan. Marjoram, King
Cole, Roseben, Blue and Orange, Toscan, Gold
Saint, Buttling, Grenade and Councilman fin
ished as named.
• GRAVESEXD, Sept. 21.— With clear,
cold weather which gave the jaded
racegoers new zest in living, the third
day of the Brooklyn Jockey Club's fall
meeting was run off in the presence of
a large attendance. There was only
one stake on the card, the Flatlands,
but the steeplechase and the one and
one-quarter mile handicap were both
full of interest for various reasons.
E»oclal Dispatch to The Call.
FEEL LOSS OF SPEEEY
CLAEKSON DEOPS GAME
Defeats William Michaels of
St. Louis in Preliminary
Round of Olympian Boxing
Peter Lohman Turns Loose
a Weird Crew, but They
All Play Fine Baseball
Nannie Hodge Wins a Sen
sational Race From Katie
Powers at Harlem.
Favorites Have Hard Time
Winning on Heavy Track
at Delmar.
After a Great Stretch Run
She Leads Out Gamara
a Neck.
Berkeley Hi«rh School Boys
Prevent College Youths
From Getting Over Line
Athletics Battle Hard but
Fall Twice Before Bos
ton's Superior Playing
MOTTLED TEAM
ROUTS ANGELS
SYDNEY PAGET'S GREAT FILLY TEACRESS
WINS SENSATIONAL RACE AT GRAVESEND
CHAMPS REGAIN
WINNING FORM
HOLD FRESHMEN
DOWN TO ZERO
BERCER SCORES
EASY VICTORY
BOXER BERGER DEFEATS MICHAELS IN OLYMPIAN GAMES PRELIMINARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1904.
WATER COMPANY BONDS.— The North
Coast -Water Company: yesterday filed a cer
tificate ef the creation ' of /a bonded ! Indebted
ness of : *200,oflf) to buy ¦ the property of the
Mill .Valley Water Company and other land
and water rljthls. -. i ,.¦'¦.
Base hits 0 0 0 4 1 1 10 x— 7
San Francisco ... 2 0 0 0 0 ; 0 10 0— 3
Baw hits 3 1 1 0 0 0 10 0—6
¦ SUMMARY.
Errors — Gochnauer, Ea*an, Corbett. Struck
out — By Fitzgerald 2. by Corbett ; 7. Bases
on called balls— Off Fltzrerald 5, off Corbett
3. Two-base hits — Nordyke, Casey, Van Bu
rcn, Irwln, HUdebrand. Home- run — Eagan.
First base on errors — Tacoma 1, San . Fran
cUco 1. Stolen bases— Easan 2, Nordyke. Van
Buren. Earned runs,— Tacoma .3. San . Fran
cisco 2. :. I>ef t on bases — Tacoma 5, San Fran
cls-co S. Time of came — 1 hour 05 minutes.
Umpire — Tom Brown. .
The monthly boxing exhibition un
der the auspices of the Lincoln Ath
letic Club will take place to-morrow
night at Mechanics' Pavilion Annex.
George Sullivan and Louis Balletro,
the two well known heavy-weights,
are carded/ for the main event. Bob
Cairns and Joe Podesta will meet in
the special event. There will be four
other goes between boxers of various
sizes and weights.-
Lincoln Club Fights.
Tacoma 0 0 0 4 1 0-,0' 0 x— 3
TACOMA, Sept. 21. — In a pitchers'
buttle Tacoma again defeated San
Francisco. For. three .innings not a hit
was made off Corbett, but a base on
balls, two doubles and a single and
Eagan's home run gave the locals four
runs. The fielding was good, the
errors not being costly. Score:
Tacoma— S»n Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A
Doyle, rf 3 0 1 1 1 VanBr.lb 4 118 1
£hehn.3b 2 10 0 3 Hlldtxl.lf 5 1 S3 l
Nordk.lb 4 2 1 JO 0 Wldrn.cf 4 1^01 0
Kataa, s 4 1 2 3 2 Me&ny.rf 40-0 0 O
Lynch.cf 4 0 0 8 ftlrwln.Sb 2 O 11 i
Casey,2b 3 1 IS 3j'Anran,2b 4 0 112
McLhn.lf 3 0 14 0 Gochnr.i 4 0 0 2 2
Grahm.c 3 0 13 0 Leahy, - c 3 0.0 7 2
FUzgd.p 3 0.0 0. 1 Corbett.p S 0 O'.l' 2
Totals. 29 5 7 27.10 Totals. 33 3 6 24 11
BUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
TIGERS BUXCH THEIR HITS.
TOPEKA, Sept 21.-— Police Judge
Hamilton to-day ruled that a dog had
the right to bite a street orator who
is "making a harangue in front of a
store and blockading the sidewalk.
The dog in the case ran out of the
store, bit the speaker and dispersed
the crowd.'
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. ---
INHERITS
When a child I had a very severe at-
tack of Diphtheria, which came near prov-
ing fatal. Upon recovery the glands of the
neck were very much enlarged, and after
the free use of iodine, the right one was
reduced to its normal size, but the left
one continued to grow — very slowly at
first, until it was about the size of a goose
cjrg, which began to press on the wind-
pipe, causing dtfficnlt breathing, and be-
came very painful. Anindsion was made
and a large quantity of pus discharged.
The gland was removed, or as much as
could with safety be taken out. For ten
years I wore a little piece of cloth about an
inch long in my neck to keep the place
open. During this time I had to have it
cut open by the doctor every time I took
cold or the opening clogged. In the Spring
or early Summer of 1SS4 I was persuaded
by my wife to use S. S. S., which I did,
strictly in accordance with directions. I
took twenty-six large bottles, and was en-
tirely cured, for I have not suffered since
that time. B. S. Racz,and.
Royal Bag Mfg. Co., Charleston, S. C
Only a constitutional remedy can reach
an hereditary disease like Scrofula. When
the blood is restored to a normal condition
and tlie scrofulous deposits are carried off
there is a gradual return to health. S.S.S.
Sjgx^ jfljg^ is well known as a
' ff*Q flrl blood purifier and
0 » ft| * tonic. It is the
VJL HL only guaranteed,
strictly vegetable
remedysold. Ifyon
la IB have' any signs of
hjJBw EbnSr and our physicians
¦^^r will advise you free
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.'
AD V J^TTSEMENTS.
Free to Weak Men ! H
ARE YOU A WEAKLING? Are you one of those II
unfortunate young men who, through ignorance and bad If
company, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, (1
varicocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and am- If
bition, loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and f!
weakness? Dr.McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure y
Are you a middle-aged man suffering from Varicocele, II
Prematureness, Indigestion, Constipation, Rheumatism' i\
Lame Back, etc.?- Dr. McLatighlin's Electric Belt wili ||
Are you an old man, declining before your time, hav- jj
ing lost all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, I]
Lost strength, Debility, Pains and Aches and general* |j
decay of Organic Powers? I can cure you with Dr. Me- V
Laughlin's Electric Belt with free suspensory for weak fj
I will send you, sealed, free, my beautiful book tell- H
ing about it if you will send this ad. Send for it to-day. If
Dr. M.C. ' Mclaughlin, .'^Market st H
Office Hours: 'S a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday, l^to 1. IfThe Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 21, 1904.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, Sept. 21.— Rt. Rev.
Mathias C. .Lenihan, pastor of . St?
Mary's Church of Marshall town, was
to-day consecrated Bishop of , Great
Falls, Mont.
Bishop of Great Falls, Montana.
VISALIA, Sept. 21. — To-morrow
morning at 5 o'clock the Tulare
County Board of Trade's special ex
hibit car will leave for the East on
a three months* tour. Secretary Mlot
will be in charge of the car. The car
Is loaded with the choicest things
raised in Tulare County.
It is planned to have the car stopped
at only the smaller Eastern towns.
Tulare County scenes will be shown
wherever a stop. is made. The object
is to promote emigration to this re
gion. The first stop wi Jl be made at
Newton, Kana. . .
The Santa Fe Railroad Company and
the -Tulare County Board of Trade are
acting 'jointly : In the enterprise.
by Bonn! of Trade.
Oar Containing Specimens of Coun
\ ty*« Choicest Products Arranged
TULARE TO SEND EXHIBIT
TR^IN THROUGH THE EAST
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer-
A Carco for Honolulu.
The bark OIjtedIc was cleared yesterday for
Honolulu with a general merchandise zxrgo,
valued at 510fl,e<*>3 aad Including the fo^or.-
tas: IS** tbls fl.ui. H.12& gals 10 cs win.*.
1 :, cs whisky, 4S&) <> canned salmon, K5
V*t* flckled ealmcn. «2.5<K> Ib« salt. 4233 cs
jtnsor«ed canned roods, KTJ6 lbe butter 25 40T
Itw tnlddl:rc», SCfc otl» wh«*t, 100.200 lbs rice.
;» ctl* oats, 12U0 bales hay, 11,807 lbs beans.
271? 1b* peas. 50 bbls vin«vcr. 1S2 cs table
preparations. 30 bbls beef. 121 pkss paste,
14.700 lbs bread, lO.bOO lbs lard. S31 ctl« corn.
4SC3 ctls barley. 3«.1S7 lbs bran, C75 lbs dried
fruit, 7 cs eyrup, SdC.OOO lbs cement. 1055 bxs
soap, 2G.778 1bs starch. 10.000 Ore bricks. 1«25
lbs nhot. S ca cartridges, 414 kegs 8 cs powder.
TA pkgs sewing machines. 10 cs electrical sup
plies, 100 o coal oil, CS cs matches, IS cs
shoes. 79 bxs candles, 30 bdls shook*. 80 bdls
mire. 38 pkgs dry gooAs. 4325 lbs 48 cs to
bacco, 10,125 lbt soda. 50 bales brooms. 30
*artooy« acid, 2C8 tons fertiliser. 15 bbls putty,
ZSQ keg* lead. 134 bales paper, 45 pkfa nails.
SHIPPING INTELIilGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, 6ept 21.
Etmr FA EJIburn. Tbompaoa. 7 hours from
Port Ro4«ers.
etmr Anrella, Erlcksoa. 81 hoars from Port
land. •' -
Etxr.r Jaxnes 8 Hlrrins, Hlgglns, S3 hoara
frem lledonde. ...
i Btmr Ouaiala, y> lwt »' J 13 ¦ hour*- from Del
tas*.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21. — Wilbur
J. Edwards, assistant cashier of the
State Security Bank, and Miss Flora
vDrlnkwater were married this morn«
ing. The wedding took place at Trin
ity Episcopal Church and was wit
nessed by a number of friends of the
couple. Mrs. Edwards, who la pretty
and accomplished, is the daughter of
Mrs. Emelia Drinkwater of. 270 Siinol
street. Edwards a few years ago was
one of the fastest bicycle riders in the
State and held the world's record for
a straightaway mile. HgBfigS
Wilbur J. Edwards Is Married to a
Charming Dapghter of the
Garden City.
FORMER CRACK BICYCLE
RIDER TAKES A BRIDE
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22.
Sun rises 5:57
Sun Bets 6:07
Moon sets 3:56 a. m.
O iTimel ITlme iTime Time
£ I. f Ft. f Ft. Ft. Ft.
S |l, av| |h w |l w h w
21 SHOT^ 0.4 10:06 4.9 3:27 2.3 9:35 4^9
22 8:46 0.« 10:40 R.O 4:05 2.0 10:20 4.8
23 4:22 0.8 11:06 5.1 4:43 1.7 11:00 4.8
24 4:M 1.0 11:34 6.0 5:17 1.6 11:40 4.7
25 6:22 1. Si 11: 67 4.9 5:52 1.3
IH AV IL AY |H W L W
26 0:16 4.6 6:44 1.6;12:18 4.9 6:2fl 1.1
27 0:60 4.5 H:23 1.9 12:42 5.0 7:03 0.9
28 1:42 4.3 7:00 2.2] 1:10 4.9 7:47[ 0.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there arc but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are : In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
Klgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
>Latters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship AVavctree proceeds In bal-
Urt to Newcastle, Australia.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 21. — The Semper
virens Club committee has returned
from an inspection of possible high
way and electrio line routes from this
city Into the Big Basin State park, by
way of Saratoga. Two routes were lo
cated and many fine photographic
views taken. The county surveyor will
inspect the routes to-morrow.
Committee Locates Paths for Railway
From Garden City to Big
Basin Park.
TWO ROUTES SELECTED
' : BY SEMPERVIRENS CLUB
United States Coast and Geodstlo Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The htRb and low . waters occur at
the city front (Mlseion-Etreet wharf) about £5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
San, Moon and Tide.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 21. — Victor
Fouk has disappeared from Forest
ville. and foul play is suspected. The
man has not been seen since Sunday,
at which time he was exhibiting
money. He had more than a hun
dred dollars in cash, and it is believed
he has been murdered for this sum.
Fouk was not known to have any bad
habits, and the fact that thirty dol
lars was due him the day after hia
disappearance lends color to the
theory of foul play.
Disappears After Slaking Display of
Money and Foul Play Is
Feared.
DEATH BY VIOLENCE MAY
BE FATE OF MISSING MAX
(120th Meridan— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum, tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 7S-4&' New Orleans ....88-76
Boston 72-46! Philadelphia 72-50
Jacksonville 88-74] Washington 78-54
St. Louis 87-50 New York 72-.">2
Chicago 00-4SI Pittsburg 78-46
SAN FRANCISCO 64-66
THE COAST RECORD.
3 sMi n fz a
•* £ a • • 2
: • • : : f
Baker 2D.78 72 40 NB Cloudy ToO
Carson 2D.S4 «fl 46 SW Cloudy Tr.
Ktireka 29. »6 60 54 SW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 84 56 NW Cloudy Tr.
SE. Farallon. .29. 95 62 56 W Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 23.90 68 40 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello 23.78 78 50 SK Cloudy .00
Independence .29.76 76 56 AV Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles. .29.92 76 66 SW Cloudy .00
Mt. Tamalpai«29.94 68 53 NW Clear .00
North Head ..29.80 60 48 SB Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix 29.80 96 66 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes.. 29. DO «1 53 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 29. SO 62 42 S Cloudy .C6
Red Bluff ....20.80 SO 56 SE Pt.Cldy Tr.
Ropeburg 29.84 64 50 N Cloudy .0ft
Sacramento ..29.84 74 58 SW Clear. .00
: Salt Lake 29.76 78 60 S Cloudy Tr.
, San Francisco20.96 64 M W Clear- .00
S. L. Obispo..2».04 70 52 AM Cloudy, -¦. 0©
Kan Diego 29.1)2 72 62 Nw.- Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.80 68 40 S Rain<V Tr.
Spokane 28.R2 CO 38 NE Cloudy Tr.
Tatoo8h 29.74 64 46 S Clou«jr? .00
Walla Walla. .29.76 74 52 E Cloudf. .00
. AVlnnemucca .20.84 74 4ft W Cloute* \01
Turn* 23.78 90 60 SW Clondy • .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of low pressure overlies British
Columbia, causing cloudy weather over the
Pacific slope. Light showers have fallen In
Washington, Oregon and Northern Nevada and
light sprinkles in California.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Pacific sioDe.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 10 de
gTees In Washington, Oregon, Northwestern
Nevada and Northern California!
Conditions are favorable for light showers
throughout California and Nevada to-night and
Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight September 22:
Northern California — Cloudy, probably with
showers Thursday; light southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy, probably show
ers Thursday; light west wind.
Nevada — Showers Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, prob
ably light showers Thursday; fresh southwest
wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy, probably
showers Thursday; light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Cloudy, probably
showers Thursday.
Fresno and vicinity — Cloudy, probably sbow
ers Thursday.
G. H. AVIL.L5OX. Local Forecaster.
• (Temporarily In charge.)
STOCKTON, Sept. 21. — The most
brilliant electrical storm that has oc
curred in this vicinity In many years
illuminated the heavens at irregular
intervals for fully an hour this even
ing. The flashes were accompanied
by deep, heavy thunder claps.
The storm caused rain to fall, but
the precipitation was not very great.
The disturbance in the heavens at
tracted much attention because of the
rareness of the treat. No report was
received here of the lightning doing
any damage.
Lightning Flashes Illuminate Slough
City and Give Its Residents a
Itnrc Treat.
STOCKTON IS VISITED
BY ELECTRICAL STORM
Mrs. Kelley was alone. Her cries
brought her husband from the store
below, and he, with assistance, took the
machine apart to release the unfortu
nate sufferer, it being impossible to
get the ringer or needle loose in any
other way. *
KETTLE FALLS, Wash., Sept 2i. —
Mrs. Eber J. Kelley.-of this place met
with a singular accident to-day. She
was using: the sewing machine and the
needle ran through her finger at
about the center of the nail. The
needle struck the bone and broke,
leaving the point in the finger. The
other Dortion of the needle passed
round the bone through the finger,
pinning it fast to the machine.
Needle Pusses Through Digit and
Completes Stitch ; as if It
Were Cloth.
WOMAN'S FINGER SEWED
FAST TO HER MACHINE
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
Nicaria I Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 22
Elizabeth j Coqullle River Sept. 22
San Pedro ; San Pertro tSept. 22
Iaqua j Humboldt iSept. 22
J. Higgins \ Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 22
Homer Humboldt Sept. 22
Bnterprise . Hllo Sept. 22
Coronado Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Chico Coquille River Sept. 23
Gaelic China & Japan Sept 22
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Ft Arena Sept. 22
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 22
Del Norte .... Crescent City - . . . . . . . , Sept 23
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 23
'Chehalis Ban Pedro ..'... Sept. 23
Pomona Humboldt,. '. . . Sept! 23
Redondo Portland & Way Ports Sept. 23
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma . Sept 2.'5
CityPuebla.. Putcet Sound Ports Sept. 23
San Juan..... New York via Ancon.jSept. 23
Santa Monica. San Pedro Sept. 23
Titania Oyster Karbor Sept. 24
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului...|Sept. 2i
Bonita | Newport & Way Ports.|Sept. 25
Arctic Humboldt i Sept. 25
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria ISept. 28
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor [Sept. 26
State of Cal.. San Diego &. Wty Pts ISept 26
Rainier Seattle & BeMnshamilSept. 26
Corona Humboldt |S<pt. 26
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor | Sept. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor (Sept. 27
Sequoia Willapa Harbor |Sept. 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Sept. 27
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Sept. 27
Breakwater... Coos Bay Sept. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports iSept. 28
Umatilla ] Pug«t Sound Ports. ...ISept. 28
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon. ISept. 2S
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. |Sept. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria (Oct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. |Oct. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma lOct. 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... | Oct. 3
TO SAIL. *
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 22. |
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Montara.... Seattle direct 4 pm Pier V
Coronado... j Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Corona Humboldt U:30pPlcr 3
Pomo !Pt. Arena & Alblonl 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego" & Way.i 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Porte.ill am Pier 8
Oregonlan. . New York (..... Pier °5
Arcata... -.. Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am Pier IS
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. J10 am Pier 2
- - September 23. | |
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pmiPler 20
Chenalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pmlPler 2
Axgo Eel River Ports... 4 pmiPier 2
Homer Humboldt 5 pm]Pier 8
September 24. |
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
'Chico Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Aurnlia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPUr 21
Peru N. Y. via Ancon... 12 mlPier 40
September 25. |
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1 :S0 p Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
September 26. j
S. Barbara.. Los Angeles Porta.l 1 pm Pier 2
N. Fork I Humboldt |i2 ,m Pier 20
September 27.
St. Paul.... Nome-St. Michael. 2 pm Pier 20
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Puebla-! Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
I September 28.
Arctic Humboldt Sampler 2
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport <fc AVay... 9 am Pier 11
September 29.
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Nevadan Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 20
G. Ltndauer. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier "0
Sonoma Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 1. I
Gaelic China & Japan...,] l pm Pier 40
8an Juan... N. Y.. via Ancon.. j 12 m Pier 40
October 2. | I
Umatilla... J Puget Sound Ports.|ll am|Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE? ™
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept 21
Dirlgo Skajrway A Way Ports. Bert 21
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Sent 25
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Port3. Sept "5
Farallon fcjkagway & Way Ports Sent' ''7
Santa Clara.. Seldovla & Way Porte Oct 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. Oct 1
Victoria Nome & N. E. SiberlalOct. 4
Weather Report.
«
NEWS OP THE OCEAN'.
The Koerr.o* eteamship Nicarla, ' Captain
Rubart,. arrived yeiterday 123 days fr»m
Hamburg by way of ilasatlan.
The bark Caroad«!«t. Captain Doyle, came
In y**ter<?ay. 19 day* from Copper Rirer. with
CS.000 <•:.<¦••»¦ of eaimcn. Having a good wind
blcwirg up the t>ay the bark forgot alt about
the Quarantine Etaticn until ghc rt*' h«-l Mis
rlon Bay. A ta« tock her back to the u-ual
stopping - place, eti Mciggs wharf, with the doc.
tor's boat acting as escort. She was then
examined ac<! offt«-laily admitted to the harbor
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Orego
r.lan will lea\-e Greenwich-street wharf this
afternoon for New York direct. The Occidental
and Oriental liner Gaelic will arrive to-day
from Japan and Chirc
Water Front Xotes.
Two Bhips have b*en «dd«d to the overdue
I!wt, with reiuEurence potted. They are the
thip Advance, frota Gutfport, MIfk., to La
Guayra. Venezuela. 4St <1ays out, at 10 per
cent, aad the Ehip Ehakeirpeau-e, from the west
coast of Pouth America to UarSauor-, 110 day*
r.«t. Rt H jx-r neaC The Bardom-ie, Crown of
<}~rnneny and ilciierc; reinsurance at 3
and s per cent, are sxill unheard of.
• ,
Two Mr»re Overdoes.
Bid* for the supply of MO pounds of cement
for use in the repair cf the dolphins In the
rrar of the ferry building will be aeked for.
At a meeting of th« Board of State Har
bor Coramis*i<:in*-rs yesterday bids for the re
pillng and repairing of Folsom-Ftreet wharf
No. 2 were opened. Th? Dundon Bridge and
Construction Company was found to be the
lowest bidder at t'^Z'Xi TO and get th« contract.
The other bids were from Healy. Tibbitts A
Co_ $1^6; \V. N. Concannon. $5020; Robert
Wkkeflrid. $4128: Pacific Construction Com
rani'. Ji IS 00; Darby Laydcin. $.'i*C!; City
Street Improvement Company. $3051 10; A. D.
L« Clair. f*4^1': James A. McMahon, #1UG 10;
Hyde. Huries £ Co.. $1130.
The Mutual Electric Light Company asked
••• r ui.--t.-i to run a M-tacfc water pipe across
Ht»t<» property aad under the Folsom-slreet
bulkhead, offering for the privilege to supply
fr**> electric power to the Stale pumping plant
»t M!i«!'n street. The matter tvas taken under
a(5vi*»"TneT!t.
Bids for Repairing Wharves.
When the new steel training thip Intrepid
Is launched «t Mare Island next month a na
tive daughter cf the State, choi«en for the of
fice by Secretary Morton, wi'l christen the ves
weL Th? Ccllcwl&C is the request wired to M.
H. de Young:
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 21. 1901.
Hen. M. H. ie Young,
•The Chronicle. San Francisco, Cal. —
"It aXfonifc nie much pleasure to name your
daughtet, Mies Helen tie Young, as sponsor
fat the training ehip Intrepid, to.be launched
at the ravy yard, Mar» Ieland, on October 8.
I hep* Bbe wi'. be p!ea:-ed to christen the siiip.
Pifase wire answer.
••PAUL MORTON, Secretary."
Mr. &• Y^ung tc.csr&pr.ed acceptance of the
retiuwst of the rSurretiry of the Navy, and Mies
<i* Young will naar ihe new training ehip for
r.ava.1 apprentices when that vtase! dips Into
the water.
Will Name the Intrepid.
The salvaging of the BritiEh thip Corunna.
which went ashore oa one of the Falkland
Uiands In the tfouth Atlantic while coming
frcni Antwerp tx> Puget S>jund, has been aban
doned with orly 2O' ton* cf cargo recovered.
The caj-tatn left for Montevideo to make other
arrangement* for the eavlng of the cargo.
The Merchants' I^xchange received a dis
patch from Norfolk yesterday that a fire was
burr.:ng in the canto *>f the «hlp Minnesota,
loading in tftxt port tor Pugei Sound. There
• re wjCO ton* a»*>ard «n'l thr firemen have not
•uc-eeded Is extir.guieh'ng the flames.
According to a d'spatch from London to the
Merchants' Exchar.ga, received yesterday, the
tteamer Bhawmut, from Puget Sound, previ
ously reported ashore Aug"U»t 26 in Hongkong
Harbcr. has been f.neted and surveyed. The
nfm frame and four propeller blades were
found to be damaged and the shaft and rudder
plates bent. The cost of the repairs will be
about tSX.OOOi. including $5000 for v temporary
List of Marine Disasters.
Stmr Northland Bonlfleld, — hour« from
Monterey. In distress, la tow of ttic* Daunt
les» and Defiance.
Stmr Westport. Emith, 17 hours from Wcat
pon.
Sunr Acme. Reed, 70 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Cell*. S^mith, 15 hours from Point
Arena. *
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 62 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Ptmr Edith, Hall. 117 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr NewDOrt. Cornini, 10 hour b from
Pigeon Point.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 26 bourn from
Etirekk. _ ,
Stmr Anro. Dunham, 26 hours from Eel
River. _
Bark Carondelet. Doyle, 19 days from Cop
per River. '„
Brig Lurline, Forest, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. „
Schr Orient, Faunders, 0 days -from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 6 days from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Sailor Boy, Olsen, 11*4 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida McKiy. Lethcla, 7 days from
Eureka,
CLEARED.
Wednesday, Sept 21.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson, Saji Dl
epo and way Doris; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
Bark Olympic, Evans, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Sest 21.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. Port Rodgera.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, Monterey.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
N<.r stnir Hero. Syvertsen. Tacoma.
Stmr Rival. Fc«en, Needle Rock.
Btmr TVhltesboro. Ol*en, Point Arena.
Stmr Newport, Ccrninsr. Halfmoon Bay.
ftmr James S Higsins. Higgina, Fort Bragg.
Bris Geneva, Cha*o, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, Sius-law River.
' Echr Otillie Fjord, Bosch, Eureka.
Schr Roy Soroers. Solland, Grave Harbor.
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 21, 10 p m — Weather
haiy; wind west; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed SeDt 20— Stmr Centen
nial, for San Francisco.
Arrived SeDt 2fr— Stmr Umatllla, hence
S6 PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Best 21— Bchr
Transit from San Pedro. "*"
Sailed Ser>t SI— Bktn J M Griffiths, for San
UNION LANDING — Arrived 8ept 21— 8tmr
National City, from Fort Bragg.
ABF.RDEEN— Arrived Sept 21— Btmr O C
Llndauer. hence Sept 16.
Arrived Seat 21— Stmr Melvlll* Dollar,
""EUREKA- Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Laime.
h»-nca Sept 10, with schr Vine in tow; schr
Vlr.e, hence Sept 19. In tow of stmr Lakmo.
Sailed Sept 21 — Stmr Homer; for San Fran
cisco; Btmr Mandalay. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 21 — Stmr Eureka, nenc«
S *&alled' Sept 21— Stmr Ianua, for San Fran
cisco: *tmr AllHance. for Coos Bay.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 21— Schr Spo
kane, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 21— Schr Ida Schnauer, hence
At l£vLLARD— Arrived Sept 20— Schf Forester,
fr T™TWsn*xsi«Aia>-P««a m s eD t 21
firice Dollar, hence Pcpt 21 for Mukilteo; bktn
Aurora, from San Pedro: stmr San Mateo,
from Port Lou Anitelc*, for Tacoma: bktn Re
tri ™ct from San Pedro, for Port Hadlock.
Paraed out Kept 21 — Nor stmr Titania, from
Vimirui for San Francisco.
RRDONDO-Arrlved Seot 21-Schr Muriel,
from Grays Harbor; stmr Whlttier, hence Bept
19- »ebx-W J Patterson, from Gray* Harbor:
i«chr R C 6lR4e, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed t*Pt 21— Stmr Whlttier, for San
Fl 8AN'"rjiEGO— Sailed Sept 21— Schr Novelty.
SOUTH. BEND — Arrived SeDt 21 — Schr Se
cnioU. hence Seat 17.
ASTORIA— Arrived Bent 21— Stmr Q W
Elder henc« Sept 1ft.
Sailed feept 21— Bktn James Johnson, for
Sex* 21-Schr Mary
E rtugs, hence Auc '18. 1 --'- '¦ TZ^_'
Sailed 6ei»t 21— Stmr Signal, for San Fran-
C PEDRO— Arrived Bept 21— Schr Bore
all*, from SeatUe; ftmr Francis H. Lesrett,
henc« SeDt itt; stmr Prentlss, from Black
Sailed Eert 21— Stmrs Despatch and Che
halix. for San Francisco: echr Dora Bluhm, for
failed Sept 21— Schr Argus, for San Pedro.
POUT TOWNSEND — Sailed Bept 21— Ship
Mary L Cusbinc, for Adelaide; scbr Spokane,
¦ for Ban Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Bept 21— Etmr
Buuita for £an Pedro.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 21 — Br fctmr j
Aorangt. from Brisbane, for Vancouver.
Failed Scot 21 — Br ehip Brodick Castle, for
San Francisco: Br itmr Ac rand, for van- [
t-ouvtr.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sect 21— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
Sailed S«Dt 20 — Stmr Finance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUEZ— Arrived SeDt 20— Br stmr Bucranla,
from Calcutta, for Boston.
ANJI2R— Arrived An* 20— Br ship ' Tola,
"^YOKOHAMA — Arrived Sept 19 — Br stmr
Krjpresa of China, from Vancouver.
ANCON— Arrived B«pt 11— 8tmr City of
Peking, hence Aug 20.
ANTOFAGASTA— Arrived Bept 16— <J«r ship
Marie Hackfleld. from Honolulu.
DUBLIN— Arrived Sept 13— Br «hlp Travaa
core, hence Aoiil 4.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 1»— Spaa, atmr
I«la de LMzon, from Manila.
GIBRALTAR — Passed Sept 20 — Br stmr In
drs-pura. from Yokohama, for New York.
KOBE*— Arrived Sept 20— Br stmr Stanley ;
Dollar, from Yokohama.* •< 7<<- r .' < *_ ¦ .•¦_ ¦ :
MELBOURNE— Sailed Sept 20— Schr, F M
Blade, for Newcastle. Au».
GUAYMAS— Sailed Bert 21— fichr .. C A
Thayer. for Gray* Hsrbor.
ACAPtTLCO— Sailed . SeDt • 19— SUnr ' City of
Bydncy; for Ban Franciaco. * Sept -21— Stmr I
?cafwloo, for Apcod.
TUGS DAUNTLESS AND DEFIANCE TOWING THE WATER-LOGGED LUMBER STEAMER NORTHLAND FROM MONTEREY
BAY, WHERE SHE "WENT ON TIID ROCKS EARLY MONDAY MORNING AND FILLED, AND WAS ONLY PREVENTED
FROM SINKING BY THE BUOYANCY OF HER CARGO.
FRESNO, Sept. 21. — Because R. I*
Stout Is short about J400 In his ac
counts he is lodged in the county Jail.
He must face a charge of embezzle
ment brought by Moore & Cate, the
real estate firm for which he -worked.
Stout collected many outstanding
bills, It is said, and failed to turn the
money over to his employers. He
was caught, it is alleged, while trying
the Combination of the big safe. Hia
actions aroused his employers' suspi
cion and a later Investigation revealed
the shortage. .
Stout's relatives tried to settle the
matter, but this is the second time the
firm has been duped by a collector
and they determined to prosecute the
young man. He was married only a
few months ago. His young wife was
prostrated by the arrest. Her friends
have been closely watching her, as
she has threatened to commit .sui
cide.
Well Connected Youth Is Arrested on
Embezzlement Charge Preferred
by His Employers.
FRESNO REAIj ESTATE MAN
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
REDDING, Sept. 21.— Miss Hazel Hol
lingsworth, 18 years of age and ill with
diphtheria was started back for her
home at Copper City, a distance of
twenty-three miles, through rain this
afternoon because there was no place In
Redding where she could be cared for.
Miss Holllngsworth, who had been
employed at a dwelling a few miles
this side of Copper City, became ill
there. Her employer brought her to
Redding this afternoon to have her
case diagnosed and attended to. The
local physician to whom she was taken
promptly pronounced her Illness diph
theria and administered anti-toxin. A
place where she could be cared for here
was then sought, but without success.
She had no claim on any one In Red
ding and no one wanted to take a con
tagious case.
Admission to the County Hospital
here was sought, but it was denied on
a technicality and the sick girl was
compelled to take the long ride through
the rain to her home, twenty-three
miles away.
Eefuge Refused at County
Hospital at Kedding and
by Residents of the Town
Tuesday about 1 p. m. the tug Daunt
less arrived from San Francisco and
hooked on to the disabled and unwieldy
\essel. Her stern was so low in the
water that the steering gear was use
less and the yawing of the steamer
from tide to side jerked the strong tug
out of her course. Captain Shea tele
graphed to this city for assistance. The
Defiance, Ca&tain James, was dis
patched south and met the tow four
l^en miles north of Monterey Bay
about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
The two tugs pulling side by side
brought the waterlogged craft Into port.
It was a hard tow, and the course of
the trio on a chart would make a beau
tiful zigzag line. Often the Dauntless
and Defiance would be steering four
points off the course when the tow
would drag unusually hard on the lines,
jerking the tugs' heads around.
The Northland, which is now at Lom
bard street wharf, will be taken to the
dry dock, unloaded and repaired. E.
J. Dodge & Co., the owners of the ves
sel, do not expect that the cost of re
pairs will exceed the insurance on the
steamer.
Swinging wildly from starboard to
port and almost unmanageable, the dis
abled steamer Northland was dragged
from Monterey Bay into this harbor
last night by the Spreckels tugs
Dauntless and Defiance. There are
twenty-five feet of water slopping
around in her hold, but much of her
ICO,OIK> feet of lumber cargo is down
there also, and with all that buoyancy
the eteamer with the water surging
through her could not Bink. She
dropped down till her main deck aft
was even with the waves and there
Khe hung. The deck load of lumber is
chained to the hull and cannot float
away, consequently the Northland
could drift on the surface of the ocean
for years.
The steamer was on her maiden voy
age, bound from this port for San Pe
dro and had put into Monterey Bay to
land about 200.000 feet of lumber, when
ehe struck a rock off Point Pinos at 2
o'clock Monday morning. Captain
Bonifield succeeded in getting her into
<l ee p vater, but the ship's bottom was
shattered and she filled to the deck.
TECHNICALITY PLEADED
Dauntless and Defiance
Bring the Unwieldy
Craft to Port
Woman 111 With Diph
theria Compelled to Take
a Long Drive in the Bain
DOORS CLOSED
TO SICK GIRL
WRECKED AND WATER LOGGED STEAMER NORTHLAND
IS TOWED TO THIS HARBOR FROM MONTEREY BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, lOOi.
Movements of Steamers.
11
FREE — ¦ — FREE FREE
A two-pound package of
PILJiSBURY'S VTTOS
The choicest product of Uie best
wheat in the world.
Made by the millers of Pills-
bury'B Best Flour.
A single package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food. •
FREE WITH WANT ADS.
See announcement on classified
jgliBBMF:, vase.
__' . AJJYERTISEMEXTS. '
LeTTEour Husband Carry^fljieHoil
— the Coal hod. Ik's no
occupation fo^a Woman.
Gas CbcSiiwS) o\
60 percent .j^K,
cheaper lliaiicoaifej^.^a
I BvyaGasRangeFrom
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
, ( 415 POST STREET.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
The Only Doubk«Trtck Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
Overland
Limited
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with "barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Leaves Ban Francisco daily at 10 a. m.
Two other train* daU7 at ft a. m. aad
0 p. m.
Por tickets, sleeping car reservations tnd
full information apply to agents Southern
I Pacific Co., or I
I R. R. RITCHIE, I
I General Agcat Chicago & North- Westers Railway. I
I 617 Market Street. I
I . SAN FRANCISCO, CAL I
Liw»> " . .. -*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. Cft
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA1TT,
Tibtaon Tarry, root at Market Stx«««.
SAW PRANCISCO TO SAW AATAXXn
WEEK DATS— I'M. S:0u. 9:00. 11:00 a. m..
12:33, 2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
p m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at l:3Op. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:SA
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 pw m.
SAW BATAIL TO SAW PItAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:«6. «=BO. T:35. 7:60. *:2U.
li:li a. 11^12:60. fi:00. 3:40. 0:00. 8:20.
6:S3 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at Ir48 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:60. T:35. 9:20. 11:13 a. ra.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:80. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. ra.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtre
Ran Fran. I May 1. 1904. ( Ban Fran.
Waek I Sun. I Oestlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | Uon. I day*. | Days.
7:30 a 7:43 a 7:43 a
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:40a 8:40*
8-00 a 9:30 a Icnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
f.ZOp 2:3»p «:00p 8:20 p
• :10p B:10p C:20p 7:33 p
8:43 p
7 -30 a 7*30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00 a NoTato. 10:2O a 10:20 a
2-30 p »:30a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7;2Sp
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
T-tOa! 7-30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
I'm! \ISI /Fultoa. 7:25 p 6:»»
2:30 p| 2:30 *> 8:45 p T:25p
T:30a 7:30 a Healdsburs;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
' Lytton j
2-30 p 2:30 p GeyservlHe. 7:2Sp 7:33 p
Cleverdale. J
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a[10:20 a
2.^30 p| 2:30 pi ¦ and Uklab. I 7:2S p( 7:28 p
1 I Wllllts. I I
T:30a| 7:30 al Bhtrwood. f 7:25 p( 7:25 9
8:00 al 8:00 a| Ouernevllle and (10:20 a|10:» a
2:80 P l 2:30 p| Camp Vacattoa. I 8:43 pi 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:10 a
B-IOd 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
¥ 0:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p .;.-.¦
7-SOal 7-30 al 110:20 a!10 :20 a
5t3O p| 2J30 p| Sebastopol. I 7 :25 pj 6 :20 p
STAGES connect at Senta Rosa for WhlU
Sulphur Spring* and Mark West Spring; at
Fulton for 'Burke*. Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Spring*: .at Geyservllle for Skagci
BDrtrTs-s; at Cloverciale for the Geysers. Boon* -
vine and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
HOTtoSs Highland Springs. XelseyvUle. Carls-
vfi Knrlncs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Soring- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
ISriSIs' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Brings! Upper Lake. Tcmo. Potter Valley.
InJn Day's Riverside. Lierley't. Bucknelf*.
ianSedrln Heights. 'BnllvUI*.' Orr-. Hoi
Urtnis; Hallway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
WeltSJft V.al: at Wllllt. for Fort Bragg.
¦Weatport' Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytoa-
viile. Cummin*. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garb«TlUe. Pepperwood. ScoUa aad
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
U On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic! •
building ¦
JAS. L. FBAZIER. R. X. RYAJtf. '
<J«n.- Manager. Oeo Pass. Agt.
|?^g^||i| To SAN RAFAEL,
f^^^^ll ROSS VALLEY.
]S3ra£p&ipi. VALLEY,
j^^^^gl CAZADERO, Etc.
Jag^afS^g^^j Via Sausallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD aACOE.
Depart from San TrancJsco. week days. «»
6-30! 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00. 11:00^! £
tilrlo a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:41 j-S"
1^0, 4^3. 8:18.. 5:50. 6^3. 7 O5.. 11:00k 10^20
11 0» P- »• -undayi and Ugal holidays denart
IVTtW. 7:«. o:30, 9:15. 10:00. llioo. 15^2
I I i.. i2:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4.06. "as
6-1^ 8:60. 4:25. 7:1*. 8:15. 8:00. 10:20. uJm
""Awtve at San Francisco. w«ak daya 8^7
7 00 7:35. 8:16. 8i43 9:33. 10:20. 11:03 V a *
12^05 1:25. 2:50; 3:.-l5. 4:20, 8:08. 3:40. e : ?j'
6788? 7:65. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundarj iui
Ugal holiday* extra tralnj arriv* at 12:13. 2:0a,
* For^a^icax. week day*, depart at 7:4« «. n
»-ia P m. 9° Sundays and legal holidays at
•rg. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. ra.. 12:20. l?SSi:«*
•* W " THROUGH TRAINS.
i.45 a. m. dally — Casadero and way ttattona.
»:15 a. m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyes.
«tc. - -' , -. ..
3:15 p.- n*. dally except Sunday — For Casa»
d«r<j. etc. .
0:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Caxadera, etc
1 TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at. ~
FEIUII— Union Depot, foot of Uarxet rt.
RAILWAY TRAVEL,
/O£rrr>£\ U>arri™»t . ,. v
/J^^gjjlSAN FBANCISCO.
\^C 13^ (Tool of Market Stroet>
*•»**« — MAIN LINE. — A»afJ7|
7.00a V«c»Tllle. Wlnterm, Bamsey_ TSOm
7.0C* Benlcia, Elmlrstod Sacrsaento.. 7.20»
740a ValleJ*. N»pa, Caliitoes, Santa
Kan. Martinez. San Ratnon • S.2Q>
7.30a Nlles. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7-20*»
• COa S^«*tA Express — (Via Darts).
WlUiami (for B«rtlet: Sprlngs>.
WUlowa trrato. Ked BluX
Fortlsnd, Tacoms, Seattle 7.5QP
1410a D«Ti§.Woo<llsBd. Kaights Landing.
M»rjiTi;ie. Chico. OroTill« 750*
¦ 40a Port Coats. Martinet. An it oca,
Byron, Traer. Stockton. New-
man, Loi Baaos. Mend eta,
Armona, Ilanford, Viailla. • °
Porterrllle 4.20*
8.30a Port Coma. Modesto. Merced,
Fresno, Ooshen Jasctton, Ban*
ford. VUalla, Bakersaeld 4.50»
I.SOa KUea, Saa Joie, LlTermore, Stock- .-" i,
ton. (tMllton), lone. S»cr*rnento,
Marysrllle. Chico. Red BlnS .... 4-20>
•¦30A Ot&daia, Ciilneie, Jaaestown. So
nor*. Tnolomne and Aneett ' 4-20f»
9 00a Atlantic Ejcpreis—Ocden and Sail. 6-20^
8 30a Rlcbmond. Martlnes and Way
S<»t!ons ., 8 5Cs»
1000a Tbe Oyerland Limited — Ogden.
Omaba, Caleago, Denrtr. Kansas
City, St. Louis „ i.20^
104J0A Vallejo .ti20»
10.00a Los Angelea Paa*eni«er — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Latarop. Stock ton, Merced,
Itaymond. Fresno. Oosnen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlialla. :
Bakersaeld. Los Angeles 7-2C»
12.00m Barnard, Ktles and Way Sutloa*. S.20P
t1 J0p Sacmmento RlTsr Steamer* tl100i»
3-30P Benlcia, Winter* Bacranenta
Woodland, Willows. Kaigats
Landing. MarysTlUe. OtotIII*
and way stations 10-50*
5-30P Bayward, KUe* and Way Stations.. 7.50p
4 COp Uartlnez.San Ramon. Voilejo,5«pa, .
CMlsV>i{». Santa Ko«a 9 20a
4.00p snes, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.2G>
430P Hajward, Nlles. Irrlngton. Saaj IB.SOa
Jos*. Livermore ) tl 1.55a
6-OOPTbe Owl Umlted — Newman, Los -
Baaoe. M«;i(lot.«. Fretno. Tularm,
Bakersfiel<LLo* Angelea. ....... 8-EOa
tS 30p BarwarU. Mies and Saa Josa ...- 7-20A
600p Bayward. Kile* and San Joie. 9-oOa
B4)0p Eastern Express— O^den. Omsaa, .
Chicago, DenTer, Kansas- Citr,
St. Loa!*, Tt.i Martlnes, Stocktoa.
Sacramento. Col fax. Reno 12.50P
•.00p Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I -. .-_
7X0PVaIleJo, Sunday only f 7JW
7X0PlUchmond. 8aa Pablo. Port Costa,
Mwtlnes aad Way Stations 11.20a
7-COP Bei*> Pssaenger— Port Cotta, Sat-
¦na, Elrair*. Oarl*. Sacramento.
Troekee, Lake Taaoe, Keat>.
Tonopao. Spark* ., 7-B0a
¦ Cop Port Costa, Martlnes, Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. M o d e • t o.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
¦¦BOP Yosemlte Valley, via Bereada and
Wawona 8 50a
8.C5pMartlaei. Tracy. Stockton - 10.20a
I-06P Oregon * California Ezprets— S*»
ramento, Maryivllle, Reddlag.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Eaat. ¦ 8-60 A
i.10P Bayward. Nile* «ndS»u Ju»o(Sun-
dayonly) 11.60a
COAST LINE i-iarmw «a«f«).
a (Foot of Mitrltet Street.)
7-4SA Sanu Craj Excarslon(Sandsy only) 8.1 Op
8.16a Newark. OenterTlIIe. 8*n Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. BijfBartn.
Sanu Cms and Way Station*... 5 55*
It-ISA AlTando. Nawark, Han Jose, Lo*
Gatos,01enwr>od, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Bl? Basis. SanU Cruz 8-IOp
12.15P Newark. CentarrtUe, Saa Jos*.
New Almaden. Lo* O;uo«. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Craz and
Principal Way Station* 10 55a
4.16p Newark, San Jose. Lo* Gato* t8-i5A
4.16p Wrixht. Bouldsr Cr«etc and Santa
Cruz. Saturday and Sunday only. »3.S5a
COA$T LINE <«roa.l Uimxt,).
X3T (Third and l'owmand Strgets.)
8.10a S«n Joae and Vv ay Station* 8 3(ip
t700A8«n Jose aDd Way Sutlon* 8.40^
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excar-
•ton (Sanday only) 10-30p
8. 00a New Almadea (Taes., Frtd.. only). 4.1 DP
¦ 00a The Coaster— San Jote. Saltna*.
Saa Ardo. P»».> Robles. Santa
Margartu. Sao Lais Ob'tpo.Saat* . ¦,
Barbara. San L'. juiventurj,
Muntalvo, Oxpar j, Barbanlc, Lo*
Angeles 1043P
100a Gllroy, Hol'.!st<?r. C».nruv!!le. Del
Maate. r»ctfic Grove. Surf, L021-
poc 10.45*
8.00a 8«n Jose. Tre* Pino».Wat*on-»ll!e. . -;
C«p!tol». Santa Crur. Pacts* i*.%*ii
Grove, Sallna*. San Luis ObUpo
and Prlnctpt: Way Sutluo*. ... ! 4-10p
10 30a San Joae and Wty Station* .. 1-2Ci>
11 3Ca B*qi» Clara, Jos«. Los Gatos
and Way SUttons 7.30*
1-30pSan Joae ana Way Station* 8 33*
t*V0OPD«l Monte Express (except Sun-
day) — Santa Clara, i-a;i Jom,
WataonTtlle. Santa Craz. Del' .^ ~
Monte. Monterey. Pactdc Grove. t!2- 1 i»
8-30PBarltn{;nme, San Jo»e, Gllroy. Hul-
lister, Tres Plaos.PaJaro.'Watsoa- .
»llle, Cupltola. Santa Cruz/Ca*
trovtjlc, Salinas, factflc t;ro»e... in 4*»,
4J0p'"*n Jt««» and \Tay SUttons t8 00*
tS OOP Santa Clam, san Ju«e. I.o* Uatoa.
Wright >nl pnnctp»l Way 6t»- . '
t'.ici (•'. ce •' Mi'iijti t90'i\
|6-30p b»»Jo««»a 1 IT!ncf;M»lU«y Station* )9 4c*
6 45.P fauiiset Kxpress.— Kcrlwood. s.m
Joae,Gllruy.Sa!tau,l'uso Kobie*.
6*o l.uS Oblspo. Santa Borhsra,
Lo* Angeles, Demlng. Ki Paso,
New Orleans. Xew Vork : - ¦ 7"in*
S45p P»J»ro, WntsoarUie. Cap:»ola. I . „ 9 - m
Sjanta Craz. Cas:ro*Ii:e, DH'tlS.
Monte, Pacific Gtotr \ rlO.4>P
" tCIBP -
. Carlo*. Keilwuod. Fair G«k*.
MealoPark. Palo Alto....: t8-43«
- 8 30p 6«n Joae and Way Sutlon*. 4 1: \
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stattont 10.13*
11.3DP Sooth Saa Francisco, iiUIuraa. i:ur- . « ;
Unfcame, Sbta Mateo. Ua'mon;.
Sn;i Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Uaks, ? -
Mculo Park. «n<t Palo Alto 845p
o11-30p MaySeld. Muuntn'i View. Saany-
T*le, L«wrenue. Sant* Clara and
ta Jot? :9.4')»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunila* excepud, t Snnd«y on: r
u Saturday only. o Mon dtf only
>btop« at all *utlom» oa Sunday.
H CALIFORNIA g
H LIMITED TO CHICACO ||
S . LEAVES MONO ATS and THURSDATS j
fi at 9:3O a. m., throufrb in 2> d»T«» H
B witb dtatr and all trapplnjr»» ¦ ' g|
Other Saata T» Trains:
7: 3O a. m.| tar gtockton. Tmao. Baker^el*.
8-00 p" mlj Merced ' Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 o m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canroa and
Ch.'cafo.
TXCZ3ST omCES — 641 Xark«t St. and
raw Boot, S. T. Also XX13 Broad-
San Joae. - -•¦•
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
£S»ri Tk HtnXttM retry Arrto
giiyranetooo Urttffartrt^. Ban rtanelic*
'Week t San- ' JX. Brio- Weak"
Pan, days. jf2fm&\. _«SIi_ J£?7*i.
" T307 R'S.aSW 12:43 P* 8:48 4
• *:::io:ooa 5-s* • t i : 25 *
1040 a 1100 a 3:35 p 3:38*
1-45 r 2 2Or \£33&r M0f *1» t
|.| r I45r T&pjr 6:13r lOtOii
... 4:3»r| W»H:~.:;..
•Via imttf Cf . T 1iiMlT«J» to WO fca«T.
•Ackst |«25MABXST9t-(N«eth8hor« Eallro»dJ
OrrxcM laod dAOiAUio 5jjut, foot Uaikctaa.THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
12
JOHN I>. SPKKCKEXS Proprietor
Addrrrs Communications to
jrony^SIcN'AUGHT. •* 1 *qgr : !g
W. J. MARTIN' Business Manager
TELEPHONE. ,
>.fV for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You V Is —
Publication Office.... Ma rket ard Third. P. F.
Editorial noorn* 217 to 221 Stevenson «.
De.'ivered 1-y Carriers^ Ct*- r ' f " lVe * k ' " 3
Ct*. Per Mcnth. F!ngle Copies 6 J^!i. !Mt
Term* fcy Mail. Including Postage C*sh "n
Order;: *c nn
r>AILT CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 1 J"** r -'*!i«
DAILT CALL (includ. funday). « mos... V. w
DAILY CALL— Uy tingle Month ••£
FINDAY CALL. 1 Tear * L>
WEEKLY CALL. I Year .« :.','
fPa'lv fS SO Per Year Kxtra
FOREIGN I b2_& 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1 5£££ t W P, r Year - Extr.
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK ArTIIORlZtU
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Itaibpl* Cci.n «r_1 t* forwarded when re-
cnerted. , .
kTafl subscribers In ordering er- «_*«•»»:
«r*e« should be r»rt!e~ «r to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to J° # ¥T e _*
rron-.pt acd ccxtcci ccn-pliance wUtt me.r rw-
' cent.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1MB Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tUS Cexter Street Telephcn* North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
«A_X'_L -W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW TOTTK NEWS STAND:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
rnlec SQuarr: Murray llill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel cxd i; :'•: -t House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
~E»— r.an Hcus»; P. O. News Co.; Great
Hotei: Tremont House; Auditorium
Uctel; 3 l :. ¦ r House.
CHICACO REPRESENTATIVE:
C CEOBGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
iLocg LHftar.ce Telephone. •¦Central 2«1».' >
NET YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
n_X_T_3f li. fcMITH SO Tribune Building
KETT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
•3t*£IN_£P OFFICE cf the S»n Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock evety r.ipht in toe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10G8 Market Btrtet. c;>pusile Fifth; open until
lit. m.
•ST Mcctpctrery street, corner Claj-; open until
l<:30 p. m.
too Ha>e* »tre»t: open until 8:30 p. ra.
•¦3S» McAllister etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
fr:15 l.L'> ¦-. Ftreet; ©;>en until 9:30 p. m.
1»41 Misticn ttrt-et; open until 10 p. m.
H« Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
JOPC Valencia Btreet; open until S» r. m.
J»'orthe«t corner Church and Duncan etreeti;
•¦pec until 9 p. — ,.
£2Wi FiHrr.ore street ; op'n until 9 p. m.
MEETING- KQTTCES.
A SPECIAL merting of Fan 55=51
Frar.<-isco Ccnsistory No. 1. Sp
A. end A. Scottish Rite, •will fTL^ vt m
** held in Mssrmic TemrK HSW-Swl
Pest ar.S llonijrorr.erv pts P^TL*. lr ' J v
THURSDAY EVENING. Sep- '^njgrW j
letter 12. 1304. at S o'clock. _Hfc]
CONFEP.R1XG OF THE
THIRTT-^rynM> DEGKEE.
Visiting brethren cordially invited
»KNRY Bl-HXER. Registrar.
CALIFORNIA OMB__ader7 No 1 K r
T. — Fir Knights ere BoUOed to" a?sem- <s Tm&
%J5,£*JKl! aa ' *HM (THURSDAY) llf!
AFTEKNO".\- at 1:30 o'clock to at-
t*nd the funeral Ffrvios of our de-
r»^<; Jrater. £IH JOSEPH H. LITTLE-
FIELD. CHARLES M. PLUM. Com.
T. L HENT'EF.PON. Eleconler.
ftfXSSXON Chapter No. 79, r. a. M— _
fpe-:!al nwttllUC THIS .THURSDAY) VV
JXP. R. HiLLMA.v. Secretary.
CA F F ° K - MA U>_» Ka< 1. F/«_j a. - _ >
H. — Tfce officers and members of the vS/ 1
• bow r.am <><J lod;<> ar<r hrrel.y noMtied
to arter.d tbe run«ral of our lat»
U_UMT._ JOHN NOONEN. in King Solo-
TuTO?r V - J a^"ic Temple. THIS DAY.
ITHCRSDAY). j=»pt_pb.-r 23. at 2 o'clock
r m. Ma.-t.rr Masons "and friends of the de-
c*«^d *re invite. By order of the Master.
m FRAXKI.IN H DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Loon No. 1. F and A B
S3_2J"_ IS< * 1 THJP ?Tm-'R«nAY»VV
EVEXVta ai 7:;>. n'-look. Third d^-/V\
frr* FRANKLIN H. DAT. *«<¦.
FIDELITY Wfie No. V2 , t F . and " A _
M._Hgpega| matins THIS (THrRS-'_V
1>A^> i:\KXI.\G at ;:.'«) o'cl.v-k /Vv
Vhlrd <>~rre. Ma«^r Masons cor-
dially l»vir»d. Py ordpr of lh . w M
FKED_i;i.;k BARRY, secretary.
DORIC Lo^rc No. no. F. and A. M- ©
orneera anl member* are r*-qu«" f tpd loVV
attend the fur.'ral • of our deceased AA
brother, JOSEPH HIGHT UTTLE-
JTELD, Uasenlc Temple, this THURSDAY.
J .*M p. ra. Mastpr Masons ir.vlted to attend.
By m>r of th* Master.
m J. It. OOLPPMITH. Secretary.
DORIC Lod £P :;„. -j).:, K . anl A M.— «
Second d-crf~ THIS 'THURSDAY)
EVEXGCG, T:r,r> o'clock By or<J*r of 7V\
the Master. J. K. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Kncamr.mont Xa. 1 «,. gt
I. O. O. F. -Patriarchs will meft at •A/* 5
f>:3» FRIDAY MORNING, at En- A
oampm ?nt Hall, Odd Fellows' bulld-X X
ing. lor parade.
m _. E. MERTZ. Chief Patriarch.
ORIENTAL F.ncamti:nfrit No. 57 I O ft. «»
0. F.— Members will issilllils at th<»*\/*
rcni'r of-Uuth and B.-ittery ists. at S\
o'clock *. m. sharr, n. take part inX \
l-arad*. M. II. LCDL/JW C. P.
A. HOVET. Ttec. .See.
T-CMPLAR I>o.Jie No 17, I. O. _>___
°. F.— Members *v.Il e?«nn!e in .--^SSiW^.
laAcmaa on fp.ii>ay mokx-J^SSm
IXO at S:20 o'clock tharr> tor the '¦^tKvS^''
psupcM c: p_r_ci|)Sittns in j.arade.
fi_ u - mossisoh. n. s.
PACIFIC tnOst No. j .-..-.. 1. 0.0 F— , v . ltr
First dejjrte THIS <THUKS!'AT) -vt^_?_%-
r.'IOHT. fc o'<lo k. Prospect >iai! 5*?<«5^3
Old FeMovrr* building. Visiting
trotJiers v.-tlcome. oifiw-rs aj)1 members are
retju^sted to Usc_tUl TO-MORROW (FRI-
DAY* et 0 .?,(> .:. rn. tharp on the cast »irte
of First it.. n*-ar Market, to participate in
Eovcreifn Gran-J LoJr«- iaral».
C. R. -HCLTON. Hec. £. C H - "^ X " °'
OCCiLENTAL L-:dt<> Nrj. 170
1. O. O. F.— Initiation THIS -^ijllSftiV
(THURSDAY) EVENING, alr.j 5JK5^_5
?!:_! 8n*r.;cn;cr,t.' concern ins ""^tf.f&S^
parade: rc»;rr.h«is -re rr.o:t oarne«t!v re-
«j-jr»u-d !j art.-Dd; vlKitoi-s welcome
.1OII.N" T. EIIALEIt. K G
r. F. \AISWICL_. U. F.
ALL brothers ir_t_BS to take part -izmu
::. '..- .;r. : .f ./ Ee::Unflber '.'.'i :s3jt5Xc6h
n-ill :•: n to WM. K. UUBOIS.
captsiti. at th« turner cf First
end Market sts., FRIDAY nt »_0 a m
sharp, when r;-ra!!a v.-jh be <Jis;tributf(l
A.P.CUTTOX:^^ DREWS ' X - °'
FIDELITY LoCse No. 222. ;. o. ,n»_ZZ
0. F— Mfnbers will assemble 4^__fi*_v. 1
¦¦¦ B:30 a m. :Y..ir;, FRIDAY c • I
1. O. O. F. building. Seventh '
ami Mrrlcet rts.; hats an<l reeaMa will be
disiributtd. TV. H. MITCHELL, X. G.
GOLDEN WEST Lodpe No. 322. I. .«_«-4_
O O. F. — The members will a«- -^>*5i__S
sembl« FRIDAY at S;SO a. m .^.*-><to>%5
for parade. Call at 10 Bever.th * s 2wl l Si»' <^
et. for ham. W. H. REDELL. N. G.
VNITY Lod-:e No. €1. Knishts cf
Pythias, will confer the Knight r«r.k \35_b,<
*lcng rorm) en THURSDAY EVEN-
ING. Reptemher 22, at our hall,
220 Goldea Gate nve. All brother ¦*^- >^'
Knishts are cordially invited. By order or
E. B. KIMBALL.' C. C
S. IV. GATES. K. of R. end. b.
THB £. F. EcottSrh Thistle Club v CV *,
laecis THIS rTHURSDAY EVEN-& >1 J??
ING in Fraternity Hail. 32 O'Far- X\^_2*
r*l! et., r.t S o'clock. "Smoker"
follows. GEO. W. PATERSON, R. Chief.
A. _. CARLISLE, Recorder.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society, _trt_
Zvoniir No. 01— Meeting THIS 1^^
« THURSDAY) EVENING. Sop- *WfSl\-
teraber 22, 190i. at 009 Market J^sV
street. ra*
J. P. EUTICH. Pres. *®T
F. HESSLER. Sec. .—
THE Scn-ian Uenevolent Society
holds its regular meetings _.
-every eecond and last THURS- __* M
DAY of the month at *02
O'Farrell et. at 7:30 p. m. Hf<_?M_f
JOHN A. LJUBIERATICH, OT_^_p
y.RADOJEVJCH.Secr^Sf 1 - BBS ,
FRE_=A Two Pound Package of -Ppu'pu's V/itos— A Singfe Pactoe
A NEW*plate— The Whalebone— Cannot brejk:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates $5' full set; all work painless aad
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2* Stxth
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up:flKlngs.23c
GOLD fillings 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $3; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to SSO Geary st.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by th» New York den-
tiata. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission. cor. gth.
SPIBITPA_JS_L
MOVED— MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
rjn, 480 Ells, room 221; no signs.
M. MARIE HART, successful medium; maglo
work a specialty; parlors) 332 Eddy St.; hours
9 to ft: no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c, «19
McAllister; readings daily. 1720 Sac. nr. Polk.
EDWARD EARLE'S seanc* to-night, 1032
Eills St.: questions answered; 25c.
C.MAYO STEEKS;psychlc readings by mall *1.
356S 17th st.. San Francisco; tel. Capo 856.
MRS. LESTER, drcla 8 p. ra.. 10c: der. clrcU
Wed.. 25c; read, dally. 43 Sixth st. r. 19-20.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium; readings this weeic
25c. 50c: clr. Mon.. Frt.. 8 p. m. 1233 Market.
C_U_TOTAgT8.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — Th»
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; tha
greatest clairvoyant In the world; tells your
name, what you called for. whom and when
you will 'marry, about business, etc.: Ellsmera
Is different from other clairvoyants because ha
does what they claim to do: things that ar«
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem Impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
Interests in any matter; h# awakens a natural
fcrce within and around you. giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble.
Influence, unhapplness. disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
hsblts cr Intentions of any one, even miles
away; remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enable*
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
3 offices 1007H Market •_ 8 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mail. $3.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
' WITNESS THE "WONDERFtTl.
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. *_
He has met every expectation. «rtry adver-
tised promise.
He Is acknowledged by all who eearolt him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luek. 111 health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of th« matters that ar«
troubling you and of the scheme* ©f your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success |
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
428 Eddy St.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $.*> readings this week tor I L
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant aad
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guar&nta* to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, -wife
or sweetheart Is true or fsJse. whom and when
you will marry: In fact. I will tell every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation: I implant th«
controlllns power in your nature so you c*a
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and causa,
marriare with one of choice. 10 a. ra. to 3
p. m.: closed Sunday. 328 O'FarreU st.. 329.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and busisesa medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next _~_miner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, re-reals th»
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in tha future; If you ar» la trouble,
discontented ct- not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and yon will b* told
how to overcome them; vaJuabls advtca la
all affairs of life; 23a up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4589.
JIZ PROF. MAYO.
THE GREATEST LIVING AX*V_3_3t OCf
THE CONTINENT.
Special this week, full llf* farting.
ONE DOLLAR.
No More. Vo !*«_
Satisfaction guaranteed or n» tarn accept*!.
Private. No Signs. "Wa_c la.
421 Ellis st.: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. ra.
All business strictly eo_adent_d.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and Ufa reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to ft.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. _ palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs. do_ie«tia
troubles bus. and financial success; names:
L.. 60c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendoma, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 1>>
a. ra. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evenlnr. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reaotn g. te»
leaves; 25c up. 6 12 Mi Eddy st.
MME. MARSEAU: card reader; ladia* 23o|
gents 60c. 645 MIna st.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and p*yehio cant
.¦reader; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. in. 512 Jessl—
PALMISTRY, card reading. MIS3 I*. KAHN-'
TUS. -1U14 Larkin: 10 a. m.. 9 p. ra.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chetro. reveal* fact*
that will astonish you. 47SA Turk «C
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortnae-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
gPTTCATIOy A T«.
A BIGGER school than ever. On J_M> 1 — «
moved 10 new fireproof building. 73S Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest in tha West;
come aad see. 8. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; r-fs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul German School of Actinx give*
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special rammer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, hae returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month: life scholarship
I $50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduate*: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
•vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1S&4; Van
fler. Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
lam meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 pm.
3C3 Phelan bldg. : terms very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc ; .*ay and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Nes»
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea.
! A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Ma rket st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano-
beginners _ adults; 50c. 2395 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Hatght st,
ADULT and juvenne classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
EPANISH.French.«.te.PTOf.Da Fllippe'sAcademy
cf !anguag_.101S Post; e«t.lS71;abIes.t profs.
SHORTHAND taught thcrMy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg-my.
SCHOOL* OF ILLUSTRATION Dar and
PARTINGTONS. 424 Pine St.— Night class?
ISAAC Pitman Business Collen. 343 Halght-
IndlvlJoal instruc. ; all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Bn»ine-i College. 1107 Mkt com-
pletw course. $6 roo. $30; eve. $1 mo. ; private
CALIFORNIA Business College 825 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75- page catalog on request.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception)
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
ssr d _s_ 1 _fV 1 £ tat • t - "^ ***
_ODGIITQ-KOUSES TOB SAI.E — Con.
SdARION GRIFFIN.
_____
. 406 H»arst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, rooming end apartment houses for
sale. We furnish abstracts free *nd guar-
antea titles.
YOU want a bargain now, don't you?
Come and see a 14-room house on
sunny side, central: respectable;
rent $4 per room: profit $33 monthlyj
price $550; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER must leave city:
2!) rooms iw»ar center of city; worth
$3000; will take $1500; lease If desired;
furnished 10 months. MARION GRIFFIN.
A GIFT— $300 takes a 20 room, north of Mar-
ket house: rent $30. MARION GRIFFIN
will put you in possession.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by MARION GRIFFIN
a 27-room house In central location;
always full of hlgh-prtced roomers and
clearing $197 monthly: quiet, transient:
owners leaving on urgent business.
FIFTEEN unfurnished. 13 UNFURNISHED
Price $1200 now; was $2600; 39 rooms;
some apartments; mostly men roomers; In 24
rooms are good furnishings; sickness causes
sale: some one will snap It up quick:
no dark rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS. "THE FINEST."
We invite you to Inspect a new
and modern building on Sutter St., furnished
most beautifully In mahogany and weathered
oak. velvet ' and Axmlnster carpets: flne
hangings. Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
0 ROOMS on Sutter st., near Leavenworth;
$450: part cash and little payments,
monthly. MABION GRIFFIN.
PRICE $1500. $1500.
Only $35 per month rent for 24 rooms;
full of roomers; near Van Ness and Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MOST elegantly furnished 7-room flat In tni»
city: highly polished oak; flne beds:
extra fine hangings: near Bush and Jones;
modern flat; all conveniences.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hiarst building,
$550^ — WELL furnished house of 8 rooms. Call
from 1 to 5 p. m.. 143 Sixth st.
jC AaPETJtEATIN& A JTD C__ AMTKQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for clean ing carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
•lr at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Market st.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
»end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Teh&ma st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 18C0 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAQE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth it.— Ft— t-ctaas
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH Ss. CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison »t-:tel. Mission 261.
CLOTHING SZTCO VAT JU) Q.
EUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: ceouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver frea.
TOtMCTIOKrjOPPTCXSL
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*:
elty or country. Paclflc Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 55SQ.
DBESSMAgSBS AMD SEAM3IBIBSI8
F1NKELSTEIN, 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
" to order; on Installm'ts if desi.-ed; reas; call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class.1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole f actory.110 Taylor.
B^BIKESS CHANCES— ¦Contlanca,
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing: comcletely furnished and equipped
for hourekeepine; automatic generators for
making own sat; toilets, closets: everything
strictly new anj modern: accommodates 1-
propie over night; perft-ct little home; owner
obliged to zn East: make offer. CAMERON
& CO., .1 E.ldy st.
, FOR rale— Grocery, creamery, hay. feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast olty In Califor-
nia; over 40O0 population: sold cs whole or
separately: fine preposition; has the butter
business of the town: extensive interest else-
where only reason lor Helling; books open for
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sa!» or trade— Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.hs. or bunlnefE. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN Idea! report. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in fchrubbory; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attiactlons; rent $ri0 per month:
4 years' lea?.->; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric tars direct; clears $4000 per
year: nice $220o. . For further particulars
see CAMERO.V &,CO., ."! E.ldy St.
FOR fale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful show casts, counters and Btore fix-
tures-; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: flttinjrs cost more than
price asked; big enap at $1000; sickness..
CAMERON & CO.
FOR rale— Several good . business rropcsltions
ror investors, such as flrst-claes laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention:- would be pleased to liave
you cal! and inspect our list. CAMERON.
& CO.. .1 Et'.dy st.
FOR sale »t a sacrifice and agreeable terms
or to leane tor 5 or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort. 27 rooms-
; several mineral springs on it; old age the
cause. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS, HOPPINS SPRING. Bartlett Springs
Lake County. Cal. \
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE
located at 011' Broadway. ' bet. 8th and 9th
Bts.. Oakland, together with full office, equip-
ment, counters, desks, nafe, typewriter, etc.
is for sale. Any one Interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED— Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary; $15 .to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a . member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY. CO..
_477 Seventh St.. Oakland ;branch San Francisco
HOTEL business for. sale: reasonable; big
business for two; clears $400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dining-room seats 40; lease given
For particulars, write M. F. CARDOZO, Mer-
ced, Cal. ,
ATTENTION. .BUYERS. j "
Newly furnished transient house; fall-
liquor license; 5 years' lease; new building'
• clears $300 monthly. A.*"STENBERG. 759
.Market st.
A COMPETENT business man with $2500 as
secretary of e. substantial company; can clear
$5000 a year; this will bear closest Investiga-
tion; money fully secured. 436 Croasley bid.
AM organizing, small company of 20 people
that will Invest $10 per month. In. sending
out prospecting party In Nevada; If you
wish to join an honest proposition address
box 18C7. Call office.
WILL sell half Interest In good photograph gal-
lery doing good business; no experience re-
quired; splendid opportunity offered. Call
or address 368 Twelfth et., Oakland, Cal.
WILL sell or exchange established manufac-
turing drug business with patent, trade
marks: retiring from business. THE F. A
WECK CO., 156 New Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with- a long lease; on ac-
count of elckneas of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER, 8. F. News Co., 342 Geary st.
$500-^-CA'JCDY rtore. factory and Icecream busi-
ness; good country town; cood reason for
selling. Address - MRS. J. . COFFANEY.
Pleasanton, Cal. . .• .¦_,-.
GOOD-paylng, well-established hardware store;
all nice clean stock: must sell on account of.
bicknesa; only $8250; will take half city real
> estate. Box 1324, Call office!. " . ._
LODGING-HOUSES^rOH, SALE— Con.
A— CAMERON _~CO?T~ "*~ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roomins-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 /owns; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears; $4(1 per month: $400' down, balance 8
per cent ner annum; departure.
- M-
S^ixoonis: central: 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for lull particulars; only with us.
90-room. new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: mott elegantly
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of aickness.
j
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnlfhed and eood running order: clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500. ',
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
S2 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
first-class condition: cood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now £200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $35O per month;
here is best prooosltton in city.
7-room. modern flat, close in. well furnished;
cost $600: a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished: on
Sutter: paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms: rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for p;urope to settle an estate: make
offer; exclusively with us.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; flne respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat: rent only $50; water free: oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400. . . .
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease: flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
t
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheaD rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In: full flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; flne opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly. renovated:
all In flne shape: fine little apartment-bouse;
clears $150; reduced to $2600.
Large list of real estate, rooming-bouses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H C. DECKER Phone Jones 531
' 006 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His sucessin selling homes over 28 years
In San Francisco is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers. See him. ,
11 rooms: Mason: new furniture '....$300
60 rooms; Market at.; only 2500
8 rooms: McAllister St.: flat. 450
36 rooms; downtown: reduced to......... 1100
9 rooms; flne piano: on Sutter st........ 400
18- room house; new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day: beat offer takes It.
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised. '
6 to 4C0 rooms: prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER, 90tt Market St., cor. Stockton.
anesTPro ypTicss^ — co_tinned«
THE California Debris Commission having re-
retved sppllcatlon to mine by hydraulic
process from J. F. Cowdery. In Slide mine.
n*«r tit. Louis. Sierra County, cal.. draining
Into Packets Gulch and Slate Creek, which
reaches Yuba River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be nem
nt room 06. Flood building, San Francisco.
Cal.. Oct. 3. 1004. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WAITTEP.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a derided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Partatt building.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 day. 1114
Wa??iinK';on "t-. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a.m.
ATTOSCTYS-AT-LAW.
II W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
*6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel Red 3001.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
rpecialty; private, quick: no pay in advance;
miring companies orpanired;patenu obtained.
O. W. HOWE. 11C2 Market *t.: estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE coste. $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
I0P5 Market St.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA — Dlvorce:costs $12 ;qulck. quiet ;advlee free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen eveninss. S27 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE Jree; divorce costs $12; no fees or
ccfts In advance: all law business; office
crwn Saturday evenings. S10 Market st.. r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open ovenlnys. 027 Market, room "04.
COLLECTIONS, tenants ejected, mechanic's
liens, rrcl'ate. Attorney, 602 Market St.. r. 23.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law _ Collection
Agency, room S5. 016 Market; tel. John 62ZS.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St.. 6th floor.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market, r. 304: consultation
free; no fees In r.dvance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE for sale; 10 h. p.; $700; seat 2
cr 4; first-class ccndltion. Box 1234, Call.
LOCOMOBILE] 1ft- horsepower; 2 seats: In
pood running order. Call 473 Valencia st.
ASTHMA CTTBE.
Dl KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. &0c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas;
¦ Ifo Wifhart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
BIKDS. DOGS. ETC. _
HARTZ Mountain canaries _ African trray par-
rots. ju»t received. A. C. Roblson, 335 Kearny.
_v 3O AKDING FOR CKTXSBEZr.
WANTED— A child to board; good home, 37
f-'on Carles ave.
BOOKS _ f __
ECHOOL book*, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY _ CURRAN. 857 Geary st.
BUSIWESS^CHANCES;
A— $2500: MANUFACTURING business; rent
?50; the best opening for a trade on this
coast; rare and gi>od chance. See R. G.
' WILKE. iS', Kearny st.
A— $1400; HALF interest in one of the best
paying saloons in this city: place established
i«ars and making money; retiring; partner
to lesv California. See R. G. WILKE. IWty
Kearny st.
A — ?<;50: CORNER s-Uoon. with 5 years' lease;
v«ry best location end a good paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $900; COMMISSION business; established
macy years; rent $S0: best location: investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 201/i Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location in the Mis-
sion; rent JJ5; all more trade; baking 1H
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 0 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse: oppo-
site carhousc; rent $1(5 j a good paying busi-
res-t. See R. G. WIRE, 26^ Kearny et.
A — J9'O; BOARDING and rooming house: 30
rcoiv.s; kitchen, dining-room. 3T beds; good
paying and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«V4 Kearny st.
A— }'25W; HOTEL with -7 lurnisheU rooms
ccrc>Ts the bay: 6 years' leas?; rent $75: busl-
r.'s* first class, paying: finest location in
Kood business town. It. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A— $900: CORNER taloon on Fourth st.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
i'CH Ktarny et.
A— $ll'&0; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy *tore; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about (35: business clears from $150
to $200 per monta. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V»
Kearny u.
A— $1200; CORNER *aloon on FoUom St.: rent
$26; i lace doing a tirst-clas.<i paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C6 Kearny st.
A — $1750; BAKERY, eptab. many years; dally
receipts $50; baking .*)',£ barrel* day;vcry best
locat'n. Particulars R.O.WILKE.2»H Ktarny
$2uoO— BARBER thop; 4 chairs; elsgant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 j.-er week;
tect $75, including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest bueinees part of tnis city. Call R.
<J. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny et.
A— $7M>: DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living looina; rent $25:
daily receipts about $20; beet location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 2««i
Kearny st.
A— $1SOC; CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chror.icle building; le»se; one of :ne Lest lo-
cation* In this city; rare cnanee. See R.
G. WILKE. mhb Kearny tt.
A— $6500; SALOON, cne of the best on Market
ct.; 4^-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly tltted up and never clearing less than
$.°!50 per month, gee R. G. WILKE. 26Vi
Kearr.y st.
A— $2C00; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
aishcrd rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley anil dance pavilion; rent $100; hors«.
viag'.n and 3 cows: 5-yeax leas*, gee ft. G.
WILKE. 26V& Kearny st.
A— $.>500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
ft.; rent $f>0: livluc rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2i>00; a well established and
firbt-clabs paying business. See R. G.
W1LK_. 26 Vs Kearny st. .
A— (2UO0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices: saloon established years; a
f.rst-class raying place. See R. G. WILKE.
if.% Kesrny st.
A— SSCit': CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50: dace doing a fine business; sur-
i curie f d by wholesale houses; no night or
fcur.day work. R. G. WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny.
A — $2500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; clace must be sacrificed on ac-
count or ill health of owner. See R, O.
WILKE. 26^5 Kearny st.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
Business Exchange, HIS Market st.
Saloons .$300 to $7500
Rooming houses $275 to $1250
Restaurants $030 to $2500
! Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar stands $125 and up
Bakerly .$175 to $500
; SAWYEU-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange. 1118 Market st.
Cigar stand, near Market bi $1800
Grocery, notions, etc., 5 living- rooms.. $1000
Ranch and meat market, country ..... 6000
j FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us: we
may have Jttst what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell
SEAL ROCK .INVESTMENT CO.!
1312 Market tt..
Rooms 41S-410. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$2500 — THE best restaurant and cafe In a live
city near San Frsnclsco; well established*
doing a flne business; large and small dlnlncl
rooms, fitted up in grand style; rent only
$M per month: am compelled to sell on ac-
count of health.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market et.
Rooms 418-419. Tel Folsom 8468.
$000— Restaurant, north Market, nr. Kearny
stand lnves.; rent $60. BERO. 318 Kearny!
$150— PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
51200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run-
rent $50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny.
•WANTED— Partner In well-paying rooming-
house; lady or gentleman. Inquire 408 Minna.
$150 — CIGAR stand: clears $2 60 per day; sick-
ness; call Quick. Farshman, 1130 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued
REALTY EXCHANGEfcaT"
F. A. BARR. MGR.,
SUITE SOT and SOS. CALL BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR ' SALE.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY. •"»
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS. '
OVERCROWDKD WITH WORK AND NOW-
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Cai> b«? Increased to $15.CC0 MONTHLY by
investing a few thousand dollars in additional
machinery.
Best reasons for selHnz.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CAKNOT BE DUPLI-
CATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SESKKKS WANTED. BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
Suite SOT and SOS Call Building.
RESTAURANT for sale iu Sacramento: doing
nicely and a good- trade established for sev-
eral years: everything In first-class order;
will sell reasonable. 'Address, for particulars,
box 041. Call office. "• .
CIGAR stand. Oakland, On popular corner; re-
ceipts $-"0 per day; small expense. See owner
corner San. Pablo ave.. and Fifteenth st.
A PROSPEROUS florist business at half Its
valu»; 11 years In same place.. Address box
ISO". Call office.
WANTED — Party with some . capital to in-
vest in Angora goats: have plenty of good
forage. Dairy, 1434 Howard; st.'. S. F.
BUSINESS man, 38, has eeveral thousand dol-
lars- to invest with services in any paying
business; '_clty or country. Box' 1402, Call.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; best location;
• lonr lease; owner mutt leave the city; no
agents. Inquire saloon, 398. Ninth st.
CANDY arid: Icecream store for sale; 3 fur-
nished rooms;' no reasonable offer refused.
Ml, Fourth st. . '
WANTED — To buy a restaurant In good loca-
tion and price must be reasonable. Box 884,
Call office.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t. v .
WANTED — Party who : understands bay and
river' frelgHting; will start you In business;
no capital required. Box 1509, Call office.
Al SALOON and cigar stand, well located;
terms reasonable. 007 Market st-, room 104.
CORNER saloon for sale. ' 146 Etelner st.
DELICACY and grocery store 'for. sale. 2931
Sixteenth St.; no agents. . •¦ ¦;"•
STATIONERY and book store: business sec-
tion; full stock. HEDGES, B09 Parrott bid*.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale. Box
1877, Call office. . ; . ¦
ELECTRICAL plating; works for. sale. 225
Tenth et. .. . ;' ' . ',' . ,' .
DELICATESSEN store wanted.: Address box
1051, Call office. ...
FINE grocery and bar in the Mission for sale.
Box 1142., Call office. •¦
CANDY store-— Will, sell to suit -buyer; snap;
other business the reason. 1427 Market st.
AT a sacrifice: must raise money; house of 12
rooms: all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains In lodging-houses and real estate;
nothing misrepresented.- San Francisco Credit
Co., 10 Turk St.; phone Mint 741.
..:.......... MITCHELL & CO .V. ......:...
1206 Market st .;.-. Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses.", hotels and
flats eold to suit purchasers :tltl«s guaranteed.
.... MITCHELL & CO,.
$450— A LODGING-HOUSE; 23 rooms, for sale;
• sacrifice; good cause for selling;. must sell at
• once. -- 231- Second st. ¦ -¦ • . !; .>_..•
LODGrNG-HOL'SE for sale. • 46 • Sacramento
¦ street.. . . .........
|^n 1^1^ I A" Two ...Pound Package 'p'PW'^
I . . - . — Ol == — [
Free to Want Advertisers m Next Sunday's Gall
P/S/c_[rlrfJ) c _tty* _^^-_k^r_^^^^^^?KS^7!PP^"^^^ _ _ _^^~^^^^^^^^s5_^^y*?S^fii'ic^^^
m wy]jjl IB bJpL "^P_ Va %5 m W*l_k _K__^En ¦_ (_l Pi Dm _9 JW __F__r A_ V*BB h *
I %W v\ v
b, \ \ y\ i i ' ' -1 *"*¦!¦ ™ ™t __. ~^^__» "__. ""j^^ • *• _Ui^&fnSj_L 4 <*^ * «¦» _w — ¦ • • •¦" •• __^™__^*t TjT 1 Tf^^ _*^ T^* 7 k " * _^^ T _^^ _^^^ A T_. T IT TTT A T^^_
f^i'i^nSS^^^^^SKSM TWELVE POUNDS OF DELI-
fcw^I l^^m^*JLt**l!_i.iliillJ^J8!-' J^^TO__il e famous Pillsbury's Best Flour. E. B.
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 190-1.
13
KBCTlOTrmclfT WAITTED — Kale— Coa. I
A I'OJITION- wanted by AniTncan. :~ "years of !
*S<\ as coachman cr man about courtr*/ I
j.lace: thorough hxnetnan; und-rstands care j
cf cov.s. lawns, etc.; hantly with tools: I
JtricUy temperate: best of teferences. B02
i.-l'i; Call ofiice.
YOUNG masC SO years eld. 4 years' experlenc" I
Cnt-daaa hotel-, kr..,wl?ds<- German, Ens- '
liih. l'nncli. v.-ants office ) .,-:ti. u in betel '
Address MARTIN J. DU'ITUERNU. 102S
JatKsoa «t.
MINING man. thoroughly reliable and compe-
tent, ajre .13 ynrs. strictly non-ur.lcn. wishes
ir. have charge or work In or about Goldfleld.
Nov.: test of references. Rocm 47. Win-
chert er He tel.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private ,
r'»cc- by a reliable mar.; understands gard<»n. :
ing, care cf torses and milking; good refer- ;
«n<;es. Ecx 1M, CaU office.
A CROCERY C.erk and bartender. German.
tnidJle-aged and single, wishes a situation:
Cnt-ctasa references. W. BOHL1NG. 417
Kearny st.
STEADY, reliable young man, 21>. experienced
bookkeeper, desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant: Al references; your intersst is my
lm-rest: wages low to begin. Box 1519. Call.
KUBSE <rna!e), graduate training school,
wishes n -ni.ii or ether cases; nine years'
experience tlrst-class hospital; best of refer-
ences; prllllcff to travel. Box 1719, Call.
MAN ar.d wife want places en ranch or pri-
vate place; gocd all-round rcan: understands
rare of horses; wife gr>od plain ccok. L.
THOMPSON. 1C2 Fcurth st.
COLLECTOP. — Situation wanted by a man of
sev«rai years' experience; best of reference
ard bend furnished if necessary. Box 1C36,
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS sober painter, paperhanger.
titter and gralner wishes a steady position
Sn 1 larse building or fcr an estate; state
wages ar.d particulars. Bcx 1S55. Call.
STEADT, reliable younr man. 29. experienced
bookkeeper. de*!res position as bookkeeper or
assistant: Al ref-Trnces; your interest Is my
i:u*re*;. wages lew to begin. Bcx 1519. Call.
GERMAN win*maker wants to g»t a place in
the city or country aa cellar master or assist-
ant; has 10 *-»ars" California experience; can
gite gaod references. 1074 Howard St.. r. 14.
YOUNG rr.an. 2*. steady and willing to work,
would like position with gasoline engine flna
with a view to help him in his studies. Box
742. 100S Market st. '
WANTED — Situation, by an engineer and ma-
chinist, with 9 years' experience; also un-
derstands electrical r»neratere. motors. Ice
making, firing with oil. Dox 1245. CalL .
GARDENER and man about place; country
exjx-rier.ee; references; wages $30. Box 1S&2.
CaU office.
JANITOR or pcrter work wanted by an ex-
perienced married man; handy with tools;
city references. Box 1(583. Call.
WANTED — Position ty first-class tinner and
plumber in same shop; can furnish good
set of tools. Address box 177, St. Helena, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED gardener wants steady posi-
tion: sober and industrious; references.
Gardener, C31 Sacramento st., city; room 42.
YOUNG man speaking German. French. Eng-
lish and tpanish wants position. Box 1SB6
Call office.
COMPETENT foreman for vineyard and cellar.
also experienced in orchard, wishes position.
Please apply 630 Sacramento st.
RELIABLE, steady, sober man wants position
as day cr night watchman; city or country.
533 Sacramento St.. Overland House.
WANTED — A. position by a first-class Chinese
cock: family or boarding-house. LIEN
YUEN. 1113 Clay St., tel. 365S.
YOUNG man. 22 years old. writing a good
hand, wants position in office; quick at fig-
ures. Address box 1W3. Call office.
FRENCH pastry cook, used to first-class hotel;
well up in puddings pies, • eouffles lce«.
SCHANTAREL, CJ5 Eddy st.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands care of private place, wishes posi-
tion: refe!«ences. Box 1S-23. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, steady, sober, wants
eltuaticn as porter and lunch man; can cook.'
Box- 1653. "Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cake and bread baker de-
sires a situatioin In the country or city;
*'at» wages. Box 1712. Call.
DRUGGIST 8 years' experience In East, wants
ro«ition; first-clasa references. Address bcx
1517. Call.
MALE nurse and masseur would like private
case, mental cr invalid; best of references
G. W.. 1276 Ellis st.
CHOREMAN wants position On private place;
Institution cr elsewhere; references: wages
$30 a month and found. Bcx 1657. Call.
WATCHMAN, married man. aged 35, desires
a steady position: first-class references. Ad-
dress bcx 1637, Call office.
AN intelligent Japanese wants a position as
a schocl boy. M. YAMADA. 512 Bush st. ¦
phone John 2518.
YOUNG German wasts situation as butler
Box 1716, Call office.
WANTED — Work by an experienced detective
P9* Market St.. room 104.
EASTERN g*ntleman. first-class salesman-
what ha.ve you to offer. Box 1403, Call office.
GOOD barber wanta steady work. Address bcx
1714. Call office.
GRADUATE masseur wants patients or steady
position. Address Box 1450. Call office.
YOUNG rcan warts position as hat pres*»r.
1222 Howard st.
WANTED — A position as night watchman.
Addrces T. D.. 7&S Mission ft.
POSITION in wholesale house; 5 years' experi-
ence. Box 1*0?. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter wouM Ilk- place in large :
establishment; late of New York. Address
233 Scott sC
WANTED— Position to run elevator. 233 Third
street.
JOB watted for a-bcy. 18. in store for errands
AdAresa E. CAPE. 544 Jessie st.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. Box 1819.
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position with mercan-
tile ho-j«: experience and references. Box :
1455. Call office.
Al COLLECTOR; can furnish bond. Box 1466.
Call office.
PORTER wanta situation. Address box 1470.
Call office.
I FIP.ST-CLAFS engineer and machinist wants
position. Box 1«53, Call office.
WANTED— A position, as bartender. Address
bcx 1C5*. Call office. :
WANT rvorfc on srrall contracts sad Jobbing In
carpenter work. A. M.. 3i75 Nineteenth st.
I BOOXKTTEPER. experienced, wants small set
of books to keep. Box 1495. CalU
A CHINESE ftrst-riajis cock desires situation.
Addresn JUNG GONG. 27 Waverly place.
GOOD Chinese, fine cook, want? position tn
private family; wages $35 month up. LEM
SING. 717 Commercial rt.
JAPANESE couo!« want places; man gocd
cr**y. 15 years' e*ir?rience; wife to r.alt at
table cr hou»e»rrrk. J£. K.. 2505 Mission St.;
phor.e Church 333.
JAPANESE, good waiter, wants situation to
do housework and wait at table in small
family: wages tJQ s. month. HESRT, 4«7
Hayes at.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework: who understands thoroughly
city or country. Address GEORGE. 502
Dupoct ft - -
A GENTLEMANLY Japanese boy desires po-
sltica as elevator or store boy. J. NUMA-
MGTO. 121 Halrht st.
i JAPANESE want* oosition at housework In
private fe.=ily: wares $8. 1423 Pacific at.;
phene Larkin ZtS.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do saloon
1 and «tcre clearing, mcrain: tiro*. S. G..
I 15C4 Foiscsi st.; phose Folscm 33S5.
A'JAPANI-^E. sood cock, wants a position.
«-ity cr country: wage* $7 up; cr schoolboy
, in rttr. FRANK, 031 Sacraia-ato tt.
IZXPEniENCED Japanese wishes rosition as
natchTrjn of nasture. T. SATO. 121 Kaicht.
YOUNG Japanese wishes situation a* a school-
boy. Y. O. KADA. CCO Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position: good family 1
I c-.tk; also all kind of work. Bcx 1S72, Call.
AN experienced Japanese wishes position aa
school boy. O. YAGI. 1330 California st.
; JAPANESE first.class ccok for man and wife
' or for hotel. S. SOI. 115 7th St., OaMad. Cal.
Wiff Produce Twelve Pounds of Deficious Food— With Want AdH^RE:
_ HEIiP VTAyTgD— JFEIgAI.E— Con.
A SECOND girl, Napa. $."»; two cooks, $30 and
$:£; house girl. $;». two in family; nurse,
San Rafael, *:!u; second girl. $25;- a middle-
ag'.-il woman 10 care for baby 2 year3 old,
$20; waitress.. $25. MRS. NORTON, 508 Ma-
son kt. - r-r'-
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleswoman:
one v.-ho Is thoroughly posted in lace and
embroidery materials; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1S80. CalU
EXPERIENCED tewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32ft Fremont st.
Apply, to Mr. Davis.
YOUNG girl for light housework; call morning.
2172 Green st.
WANTED — Girte to work in factory. Apply
Trunk Factory, lsth and Folsom sts.
GIRL wantp'l to assist In light housework;
good home: wares $15. 2271 California st.
CLOAK and s=kirt finishers at E. MEo-
SAGER' S. 14& Poat st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER, 1200 Geary st.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been> opened at 10OS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
HEXF WA3TTEXJ— MAii:.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.'S, 429 Bush st.
SUlion gangs. Scaadlnavlans; new ry. work.
State of Oregon Fare $7 50
FOR GOLD MINE, f '-Boca here.
Teamsters, muckers, $2 50 to S3 day
Quartz nrlners $3 day
Man about place $25-$30
Porter, wholesale hou*e $30
Middle-ag-d hotel clerk $35 & room
Chef, city hotel. $70; 2d, $10; sum place, j
Janitors, city $3O-*tSO
Washer & Ironer, country hotel laundry, $30 I
Second cook, way north $75
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush st.
A YOUNG rear thorough bookkeeper, whole-
sal-? house, Shanghai, China, $100; free fare,
apply.
C. K. HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush st.
AAA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
219 KEARNY sT. PHONE BLACK 2446.
Good clothlr.s salesman. $20 wk. \
Grocery clerk. $40 and found. 1
Delicatessen man. country, $20 wk.
Nursery man. country, $40 and found.
12 stove plate molders, $3 50 day.
4 messenger boys, $40 to $50.
4 good errand boys, $4 to $5 wk.
2 good waiters, colored, $20 fd.; steamer.
2 upholsterers, $4 day. •
Job press feeder, union. wages. .
2 mattress makers'. $3 50 up.
Open 7 to 9 evenings.
RROWER/& CROSBY.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.
633 Washineton St.; phone James 3301.
Boss at our office this morning, new work,
tearnsfrs and laborers, $b~ 50; 15 laborers,
near city $2 to $2 25 day. board anywhere;
10 laborers, city Job. *tJO: 15 teamsters. Butte
County, $67 50; 10 laborers, same place,
$«7 50- 10 laborers, 10c fare, beard them-
selves, $67 50: expert basalt man, top wage*,
see bo's3 here; screw turner, $30, steady Job;
lumber filers. $"5-
L. H. CUTTING & CO. .
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
95 Third st. . Contractors' Agents.
Two rivel- strikers., country, $2 75 and hotel
expenses: bo*s here.
Man to dig stumps on contract; near* city;
tools furnished. I
3 miners for Sonoma County. $3; fare $4 2a.
Solicitor acquainted with city grocery trade.
$2 50.
Errand bpy for tig dry goods house.
Laborers and teamsters, $2 25; fare $3 60.
Teamsters. J! 25 and found; fare $2 S5. .
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
612 MERCHANT STREET.
4 first-class machinists, $3 50.
50 laborers in city.
2 first-class stablemen.
«0 laborers for south, $2 50. special low fare, '
- call ««rly.-' --
3 men. wreck bulldin«s>. "
10 men. sew canvas, good pay.
Mining, hotel and skilled mechanical help to
registecat thla. of ttee:*gt>yl Jobs. -- .-- - —
IRONERS. country laundry: 8 'experienced men
for box factory, 25c hour; 2 miners, $3 day:
teamster, for mine. $2 5*>day: 2<> laborers
for mine.' $2 SO day; shop butcher and*
driver. $12 to $15 wk: blarksmith. $2 SO day;
2 lumber pliers, $35 and board; 6 carpenters,
' $4" day; screw turner for mill, $5O ami M.:
farmers, ?30 and found; choreman. cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class dry EOods salesman
for fountry store: $20 a v.-e<?k; references;
*ee r.css In city. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, room
12 — Second porter, $15: day clerk. $45 and
room: houseman, $35; bell boy, $25.
WANTED — Handy man who Is experienced In
retting up and repairing toys. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to -20 years
of age, to learn the dry goods badness.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
YOUNG man who is an exp-rienced floor man-
ager wanted, one familiar with the dry goods
business preferred. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Expe/ienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at HALE
; BROS,' -
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenlnrs; ?S GO week; send addressed en-
velop** for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Sober and lndvstrtous man to care
fcr cows and horse and general gard*a work,
about home place: references required. Apply
A. F. CORNWALL. 1016 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED- Carpenter to assist in building a
small house; one who understands and can
work from plans. Owner, box 16S», Call.
A RELIABLE registered drug cleric: refer-
ences; wages $75. Apply corner Sixteenth
and Valencia sts.
A MAN ff indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eaeer to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47S. Parrott building.
A YOUNG man for book and stationery store;
'experienced preferred. Address Box 1S91,~
CaU office. VJ'->".;; '
WANTED — A young man to drive butcher
wagon; experienced In taking orders. Box
1802. Call office.
XOUNG man as assistant bookkeeper; must
write srood rapid hand; state experience and
•alary. Box 1527. Call office.
BUSHELMAN wanted. EUMMERFIELD~4
ROMAN, 0>)l Market st.
GOOD pressers on cloaks wanted. SI1IINOFF.
122S Market st.
PAINTER wanted: must be ' abln to use a
lamp. . 151"» Buchanan st.
BOY wanted to wash , dishes. 511 Castro
street. •'-..*. '
BOY wanted tn grocery. Corner Bush - and
Mason; call to-day. . ; '
COATMAKER' wanted. A. HULTEN, US
Montgomery ave. ¦
WANTED — Two good men to open oysters. 213
O'Faxrell st. '¦
OFFICE boy wanted. Levison Printing Co..
514 Sacramento st^
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Capital Restaurant,
20C McAllister, St.. above Hyde. -..- ¦ -¦
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good pay-
ing business. Address bcx 1500. Call office.
BARBER, 3-chalr shop, at bargain; don't miss
It. 1C0O Vakncia st. '
FOR »ale — Barber shop and bath; clearing $35
to $40 weekly; In prosperous town of 2300.
Address box 1SS4, Call. __.
EXPERIENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's offics The
Emporium. " '
FIP.ST-CLASS cutter of good appearance;
rteady p«stttaa to right party. Apply S. N.
WOOD A CO.. 140 Market st.
FOR sale— First-class 2-chalr barber shop:
good business; $8 rentv good laundry trade;
living rooms, furniture; $150. 1U9 Folsom.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 A- $1 30
pall", foot-form shces. ?2 5O: we pay exprfss
charger. 11 8d st-. £xm. bid, topro till 9 p. m.
ACTIVE young man, with small amount
money, for steady position. 247 Fifth st.
MEN and worcen learn the barber trade; wages
paid whije teaming. Haight'a.647 Commercial.
2 young men. to learn the. barber trade; a good
chalice. For particulars call at 751 Mission st.
CANDY-MAKERS wanted. Apply at F. H.
' Brunlnc's, ' 021 ' Seventh St., ¦ Oakland. : ; . '
ESIPLOYIIENT WANTED — Male— Con. I
JAPANESE, very fine, honest boy. vants a 1
position as a school boy or half day work
in city: small wares: experienced. SATO.
f-C7 Dupont st.
A JAPANESE <24). who is a graduate of medl-
tal college in Jacan. w^nt^ a position as
¦ assistant or office boy. 811 Stockton St..
P. I. W.
A YOl'XG Japanese boy war.ts a position to
do housework cr housework and help In cook-
irtjr. K., W.. 1040 McAllister St.; Tel. Fell
71S1.
A JAPANESE young man .wishes to work for
two or three hours in the morning: store or
family: cat meals at room. S. SOYJIMA.
333 G*ary st. Phone. Press 2.
A YOUNG Japanese couple, the man first-
-lass cook, wife excellent waitress, want sit-
tiatlons In city or country; best references.
S. I.. i?Si Dupont rt.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school
lx>y: speak* English well. K. GEORGE, 029
Facrarr.er.to st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as waiter in
hotel: good experience; has reference; in city.
H. Y. D.. CCS Stockton st.
A JAPANESE wants position as school boy In
a fine family. K. HOSHI. care 1040 Mc-
Allister St.; telephone Fell 71S1.
JAPANESE couyle wart situations In a fara-
' ily; man as <*ock. wife as waitress: wages $50 |
up. F. I.. 4*J Stevenson st., San Francisco. |
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position;
privdt" family; has good reference. ENO-
MALD. 703 Larkin St.; tel. Polk 3732.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In
small, rice family, near Spring Valley school.
, Address K. K.. l<08 Polk St.
rULTS TO IiST._ __^
A HOUSES and flats to let: a a Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time arj
trouble, Cordes Furniture Co., 245-253 Geary
tX.. on tbe square. ..,./-
>
' BRODERICK and Sutter. S. W. corner: de-
slrabl* middle 7 r. and b. ; also upper 7 r.
ani b. ; rent reasonable; suitable for phy-
sician's office or dwelling.
GREEN. 2132. nr. Webstrr— Mcst elegant new
10-room ucper flat, with attic; sun all day;
superb, unobstructed marine view; $70.
BRYANT.* 2362-2372. nr. Twenty-second— Six
roon.s and bath; large back yard; new ex-
cellent accom.; $25 to right party; water free.
FOR rer.t— Oak St.; elegant new fiats; 6 and 7
7 rooms and bath: rent reduced; facing Pan-
handle. 1021^ Market: phone South 622.
CALIFORNIA. ISM, Neb Hill— Flat to let:
present tenant will sell furniture at bargain;
no dealers.
5 ROOMS and bath; stable for 2 horses and '
wagons. Correr Alabama and 26th; grocery.
FLAT. 35o1 Twenty-third St.. near Guerrero;
4 rcoms, bath, basement; rent $16.
UPPER and lower flats: 4 and 5 rooms and
bath. 3:!7-.'>41 Hickory ave., near Octavla.
FLAT. 5 rooms, bath, stable. Inquire 333
Thirtieth st.
PAGE. 803 — 5-room flat, with fine bath; well
located. ,%^ . ~ .v; ;
FREDERICK. 464 A — That new, elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. fiat;2 toilets: mod. plumbing ;$2? 50.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
TI^ATS TO I.ST— PTJBinSgEP.
; FURNISHED modern flat; sunny: near park
and colleges: 5 rooms, bath, etc.; owrer.
whose family is away, retains his present
room- rent $2T>; no children; references. Ad-
dr?ss bcx 1*S(5. Call office.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
daily between 1 :30 and 5 p. m., 79 South
Park.
FLATS FOB SALE — PXJIWnSBCEO.
$350 — FLAT of 9 moms. £52 Stanyan st., op-
posite park; ln«ome $20 clear of expenses.
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-room modern fiat,
chown from 11 to 1 dally. 824 Geary at.
MCALLISTER. 1343 — Elegantly furnished 7-
roon> flat. Apply roomings.
rTJBinTTJBE ros saxe.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged
Barser. 47.) Valencia. nr.ieth.Tel. Church 3879.
H. MEYER 4 Co. pay hlgh-st price for fur-
niture, carrcts. etc. 7S2 Mlssion:t«I.Busn S13.
CONTENTS cf a 7- room flat for saie. as a
whole or separate. 1516',-i Vallejo st.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post at.
rTJBNITUKE "WAHTjaP.
abelevy] ~~"
£ale*room. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don'» sell your furniture, carpets, office :ur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
HEIB "WA3TTBD— FEMALE.
FOUR small hotels, cooks $30. $35, $40
Cook, institution, country $50
Cook, orphanage, city $40
5 cocks, German and American style.. $30, $35
2 parlor maids, American families $30
4 second girls, city and country ....$20. $25
Nurse and seamstress. '£ children $25
2 nutse.3. small children $25, $30
Charrberrrald. some waiting, hospital $23
Kitchen helper, sleep home $« ¦ week
Housework girl for Shasta Co., fare pald.$30
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, country. $23
Cock Tor student?, Palo Alto $30
Assistant matron, boys' school $2.")
Chambermaid, rooming house $lo
Cook for Pinole $30 :
44 general houwwurk girls, city and country,
$20, $25, $C>>. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. .
" EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
AA— 219 KEAKNY ST. PHONE BLACK 2448
First-class plllatarian. city, $100 month.
Good shampooer, $Cf>.
Teachtr for hairdressing, $75.
Bookkeeper and stenographer. $40.
2 salesladies for gloves, in to $9.
One bonbon dipper. Sti to start.
2 wrappers and packers. $0 to start.
2 outside salesladies, $2 30 day.
Open evengs.. 7 to 9. BROWER & CROSBY.
A— WANTED — G!rls to learn halrdresning.
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 -per week up: leading
school tn West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
WANTED— Girls to Ic.-yn millinery now for
fall season: both teasons taucht from start
to finish in one rr.onth for $5; Dositions as
trimmers, ralesiajlrs. makers, guaranteed
et $10 L»r wk. up; 7 positions to be filled
immediately. Purlers 143 Stcekton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
reccgnized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY: GOOD PAY;
STEADY WORK. LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
Z2V, FREMONT ST. APPLY TO MR.
DAVIS. ~
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or spare time, and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free; enclose self -addressed \
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No. '
W12 Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa.
EXPERIENCED girl for cooking ind assist '
with housework; good wages; references. 2129 '
Pacific ava. • ,
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call after j
10. 9 Glen Park ave.. off Twelfth, bet. Mis- '
slon and Howard. . '
NURSERY zoverness; boy C: city references;
wages $30. Call this morning or 5-6 this
afternoon. 1901 Franklin st. ¦ '..
EXPERIENCED Jacket alteration hands. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
YOUNG girl to take care of child 5 years old.
2544 Mission st. ,
YOUNG woman for housework; sleep home.
Call from 9 to 2. 12S1 Tnrk st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and • housework.
3310 Clay st.. morning; carfare.
GIRL to assist with housework. Apply from
10 to 12. 3328 Twenty-first st.
WANTED — A gsod cook and do general house-
work, in this city. DR. FRINK. 239 Post st.
WANTED — German nurse girl, one child; $30.
"Catteils," 523 Eighth St.. Oakland..:
APPRENTICES and first-class makers wanted
in millinery store. 632 McAllister st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parton.
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton *t..
upstairs.
TRY ou r men's shoes a: $1 acd SI SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 30: we pay express
charges. 11 .T,j 3 t.. Exam, bid. ; catalog fr««.
CHEAP: ticket to ?t. L^uis. aljo buy; male,
dark. Box ls0«\ Call office.
MOTOR birycle. 2 horse-power: good as new.
CaU 12a Eddy st.. 7 p. m. ; bargain.
FINE dlajr.ond sunburst: 7 large stones: a
bargain. $:J5o. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $( up: tinting. psi^t'-af.
Hartmann Paint Co.. ?.\0 Third: tel.Maln 111.
20- HAND bl<lg. mat-rial: lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The DoUn Co.. l«O7 Mkt.
A FINE Icrsr.ette chats wits 12 diamonds: a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
DESKS bought, sold sad excSar.g-d. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. SO" Mission St.; tel. South glL
BEAUTIFUL a-karat <J!aracnJ ri=g $30: worta
$10O. GARIN. 1» Mont^cmery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. ODONNELL. 1C214 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new aad second-
hand. 1 FREEMAN. 1329 Mirtit »t
MOVING picture^, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
barsaic». BuHarc: Jk Brcck. 1.31 Post st.
SOME seed 2J-haa.i ga*cli=e engines. I to 12
h. p.. che*p E. B. BECK & CO.. 123 JSkt.
SAFES— N«w and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slzea. J. E. DOAiC. At Fremont »t.
MISCELLASEOTTS WASTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins. dU-
monds. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
pcst*l cart} . LICHTENSTELN" BROS.. 2J
Stockton st.
WANTED— t; HP. motor, vise, drill press, and
tools for sreall shop. 613 Mission st.
HIGHEST prices fcr ladl-s'.g-nfs eastoS e'oth.
ir:g. etc. Tf»l. Davis S2j; «S50 Sacraxneato *t.
BICYCLE for 10- year-old boy; must be good as
new; s tate price. Box 1S63. Call ofSce.
HIGHEST prices paid: gents' cast-off clothing
and yhoes. Tel. R#d 1544. «J15 Washington st.
TILTON wasts gocd seccccf-haad c'.ctMag aa<3
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: teL Jessie 2831.
MO2TST TO Z.OAJT.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc!)^l
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5Hs and * per cent
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided interests la
property, prubate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests ia
property purchased.
MANHATTAN I/MJt <•< MP • » ¦»• ~ /;.
Suite 107-I0S Crocker bids-; phone Slain 2»:4
AAA— HEKMA.N MLRPHY,
(S01-<SC::-Utt Examiner buildia*.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exoenstfs by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments at rtnts. property la trust.
ttc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount, oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage on nal estate or
Chattels. In city, town
cr country.
Low rate of interest.
Giv9 full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40». Call Office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried peop^a without ••cur-
ry cr lndorsen:erit. knowiedga of employer or
any en*: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bldg.
A — ON rornlture or pianos at lowest rates; do
removal; no publicity: also on real estate:
1st or 2tl mortgages or en ar.y security: aay
anvmnt. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room M.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at t
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S4«5 Marxet: tel. Main 1*44. Branch l» Third.
MONEY loan»d to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
se<rurity; easy payments; large business in 44
principal cities. Tolman. 3£3 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: dl&mon.ia or chattels: no fee; no
'cm.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. 528 Parrott bdg
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. W7 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $i0.G0O.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet. confWrntlal. 28 Montgomery st. rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried Deopl<*
Just on their note; easy payments. MX? RlaJ-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
VONEY leaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan aad
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, 'ndorsed notes and other security. s*.
F. Discount Ag?ncy. 143 Phelaa bid*.
MONEY to loan at low interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls ard precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTTIAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow mon»y on salary until yon •«•
us. Ilutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loana to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mntaal gar. Bk. bid?.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1C03 Mutual rfav. Tank bldg.. 7C9 Market it.
ALL loan* en diamonds and Jewelry 2 p«r cem
r-.o. S. F. CoIIatera' Loan Bank. 333 Kesrny
3% ON furniture A pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy ss.
CASH loaned «*Uried people on notes wttaout
lm!nr»er. MORRELI* *toa Examiner butldlsc.
XVSXCK^r^^V^-^-^
HEADQUARTERS for resting pianos — Lit*.*
pianos for small rooms, medium sis* far
.••.-•«," nenw big pianos icr Urge parlors.
halU. etr. : pianos for rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large number of god ons* a:
12 U> per rno.; our ownimake pianos at tl
per mo. (»h» best instrument offered far th«
merey In S. F.): a fine n.i« of elegant larg*
planes f<>r $4 and $5 per mo. ; over 130 lr>-
struir.ent* to select from, all of them gooct
bargains to buy as well as> rent: one year a
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-M Hayes st.
A BTN'H OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMENT.-J
Erard. splendid for practice <li
therrr.an. Hyde tc Co., splendid order \\i\
Grovesteen k. Fuller, a bargain $1*3
Also Chlckering. Weber. Stelnway, Vo«>,
Eteck. Starting, and others at low prices.
BENJ. CUKTAZ ft SON. IB 0'Fairell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent cr purchase; lowest
terms lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: all makes In u.*»d instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Oeary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
| PXANO for sal's at sacrifice: owner anxiocs t>
sell: good toned; been well cared for. For
particular* address box 1S62. Call office.
Talking machines, guitars, etc. ; easy payments:
month's piano rent free. Bmeao. 223 9utter.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany csse; cheap. Hornung. 2 Id McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI.
7S6 Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b*
sold: $133. 237 Geary st. '
A FISCHER npright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Eyron ' Maury pianos. Cacallan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
NEW npright piano* sold oa IS monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 1« McAllister su
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckertag baby grand;
Shonlnrer. little n?ed. K«-»frVs. 2S3 OTarrei;.
ornras ajtd sroass to urr.
AN elegant store for rent; suitable for barber
shop taller or haberdasher. Iaquir* at
Teaple Bar Saloon. 7CO Grant ave.
FOR rent— Section of Urge loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 10U New Mjn-.somery st.. 7th flcor
PA-BT3TESS WAJTTXnP.
A PARTNER* with $3C0:'I0O per cent guar-
i teed within CO d*ys: this is no fake; k«t:er
Investigate. Call frcm 11 to 12 a. m.. room
19. n Third »t.
. FuxcxASiara agescxes.
CLARA E. JEW KIT. purchasing agent; ooua-
try orders a specia.lt> ; correspondence solicit-
ed. 354S 17th st-,3an Trancisco.Titl.Ca99 834.
HHiP 'WA2m:T> — MAIjB—^ntlnaaa;^
A^MURBAY & READY. 634-K56 Clay at.
Phone Main 5$4*.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents, vi
We speak the German. French. Italian
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
60.000 Men Work. Increase CO.000
- . *-" CARPENTERS.
NEVv 1 BIO JOB.
25 carpenters, steady jobs, fare $1. $3 50 day.
Carpenter, stock ranch. 70c fare, $30 found.
Upholsterer. <2 50 a day. : '
15 carpenters. CCc fare $3 day.
3 shlnglers. CCc fare. $1 per M.
5 carpenters, ranch, fare $1 25; $40 found.
5 woodworkers. $90; 5 bench hands. $30;
table maker; 3 brush makers: band sawyer.
12 PLASTERERS $4 50 DAY.
PLUMBERS. FARE PAID.
12 plumbers no union. $4 a day.
2 BRICKLAYERS. ?5.
Rough' painter S2 day; painter, city, $3 day.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Ship calker; slack coopers; 2 varnish finish-
ers.
Gang trimmerman. fare J2 00; $50 and fd.
Weil-digger, understand sas engine. $40 fd.
Levermaa. gasoline engine, dredger $75.
ENGINEER, PUMPS. $3 00 DAY.
Quarryman. handle powder, sharpen drills,
$73.,
Young man. drive delivery wagon, carry U. >
S. raaiS. $25 to $30 and found.
Baker, bread aad cake, fare 40c, $55 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
~ LUMBEIi~SYN'DICATE.
25 laborers, work on railroads. $60.
MURRAY & READY, KM- 338 Clay st.
FACTORY.
25 laborers, fare $1 SO. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-e36 Clay st.
HE WILL ARRIVE AT 3 P. M. TO-DAY.
General manager gold quartz mine. . .
OUR OFFICE.
IS single and double hand miners, $75, $S2 50.
6 chuck tenders, $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
NEW JOBS.
155 Woodchori>«rs.
ARE YOU GOING TO BUTTET
23 teamsters, special Job, $B7 50. I . *i .:
12 BOILER-MAKERS.
12 Boiler-makers. 12 Bcller-inakers.
32»*c to 3t>»~ic hour. 32>^c to 36V«c hour.
FREE FARE (Manager at our office) Free fare
BOYS — BOYS — BOYS.
• 25 boys or joung men, box factory. $35 fd.
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
14 chorcmen, boys, 5ee us, $15, $20, $30 fd.
, "ti general farm hands, steady Jobs. |30 fd.
12 milkers, various places, $30, $35 found.
BAKERS.
Foreman cake baker.' $25 week.
3 helpers, different bakeries, |20. $25, $35 fd.
¦ DRAPERY.
'Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS.
5 sheep butchers. $S0. ,
9 butchers, different places, $30, $40, $50, $80
and found.
4 knife men. $2 75. 3 sausage makers. $14.
3 porters, hotels and saloons, $20, $25, $30 fd
12 waiters, different places. $23, $30, $35 fd.
COOKS.
Different places. $30, $40, $50. $70 fd.
BELL. ELEVATOR BOYS— BEDMAKERS.
9 dishwashers, different places. $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch trcners, $12 to $16 week.
Polisher, ironer. starcher, fare $1 60, $2 50.
MARRIED.
FarmeT and wife, man teamster, wife cook;
dairy; ?.V- and found.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch; no woman
there, $40 and found.
Farmer and wife; 25 cows; wife cook; 3 men,
$40 and found.
Married farmer; southern town, $30 and fd.
. Farmer and wife, fare $1 30; extra good Job,
$5O and found. ;
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
IN POLICE COURT NO. 4.
In the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, U. S. A.
TO-DAY. SEPT. 22,
In Year of Our Lord 1904. 10 a. m.
HIS HONOR JUDGE CABANISS
Will try the cases of
• People vs. Murray & Ready's
Advertising Men Clad In
Red Clerical Gowns and Mortar Board Caps.
CHARGES PREFERRED
By Polioe Department. Section 3-SO,
PARADING THE STREETS
Of San Francisco In Unusual and Extra-
— . . -. ordinary Costumes;
BAIL, ?10.
Come one. come all, and hear able Counsel
on Both Sides.
Very respectfully yours.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
TO EL-D. CO— TO-DAY.
65 trackmen, any laborer wtll'do.
THATf YOU.
$07 :>C TO $73.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6T>C Clay st.
BIG WAGES.
Box factory — We advise yo u to tak* It.
25 men, vou'll suit. 9W tr> $75.
MURRAY 4- READY, f^t and 636 Clay st.
RIVETERS.
25 riveter*, fare paid, boss hep?, $ < »2 50 fd.
HURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
STREET CARS.
155 ELECTRIC MOTORMEN.
Call early or fill this application blank.
Name
Age
Nationality
Single or married
When and where last employed
Are you willing to work open shop?
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TOGETHER FOR GOLD MINE.
6 machine min«rs. boss here, $ao.
6 muckers, gold mine, boss here. $75.
Road 6-horse teamster, gold mine. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay St.
TO OREGON.
Man and wife, man ranch, wife cook, ?40 fd.
Apprentice for laundry, 20c fare. $15 fd.
Wheelwright, Nevada State, $60 found.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. fare 30c, hotel. $35 and found.
Ironer! S. M. Co.. easy Job. $25 to $30 fd.
Laundry man. run steam engine. 50c fare.
$40 and found.
6 plow teamsters, S"0 and found.
LOOK!
2 young men. rack s-hlngles, city. b.is3 here.
6 laborers, city factories, warchoui^s. $1 75.
Teamster for mln?. fare $3. $3."> and found.
Man drive horse-power hay prc«s. $TJ 50 fd.
MURRAY & BEADY. KM and 6JJ6 Clay St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
reguired: constant practice and expert In-
struction; peaitiens secured: special Induce-
ir.enis this racnth: catalogue mailed frse.
Meier System Collese. CSS Clay st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
tt SMITH. 05 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyr.e Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send Cor catalogue. Address 4073-5
Eastcn eve.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond- '
ence Institute. Grant b!dg.. 1005 Market at.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has ,
addrd 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition in S.F. Barber College. 74LA Howard.
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire at 326
Montgomery ave^ -
W \NTET> — Ncn-traion sallmakers. Apply 14
Spear St., top floor.
BOY about 15 for men's furnishing store. 421
Kearny at. ¦
1 B VRBER shop for sale: 2 chairs steady; owner
j golnp to Europe. Inquire at Call office. '
I TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; half price;
I $35: owner will leave town. Apply Call office.
[ BARBERS— Good paying 2-chair shop for sale
! cheap: must sell this week. 1103 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
' ; paired by machinery .sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r.41i
SAILORS and young men fgreen hands) for
. ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BullU,r.40.BheIan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third .*t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; .t5c nfcbt; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and sui>scriptlc&» has been
opened at 1003 Market St., opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaJI branch office, cor. Duncan 4e Church sea..
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., b*t. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes hair-soled while watting; 23c
to i S Cc. 663 Mlsion , st.. bet. ; 1st and 2d . st*.
/ bHBHBBbB
rsipx.crKrtrr orriCEa.
A -JAI'AM; ; " and Ch!fs»?» employment 'iff.~e
f u; •¦:••» le*t »'»•:,•> recri^t!y: n»v cr country.
B. IMUUA. ?¦•:?» Pacra^sento. Tel. Jaraes r.2«l.
A— or.niri'M Krn"5o>ireTrt Office — Jap^n-.se.
CbhHS* ? fin. 423 Powell rr.: trl. Msin S7S2- •
OrUXr..-"* I:-.'.; :cr— t? O'fice — ttst 'elp at
l.«an EvtOC**< M»% O'FarrrM; tel. JZzsi 12C
' rvrris% tw,' r : v :e»---r«. fl.r':'. rt^r.-rmpher*.
tn.r»i *¦/¦.::. ¦•national." r~> iiwnt bid.
¦ « .' \ TFTT tTfnfs* :::-.t.. OtHr- *'.Z Stockton:
r--»t ?\e:r. Fri:s iJTJtiilii.rinr. <S9.
.:? MArLT J»paB«-«e-Cnin»-!«e Kir.r\"yr-mi Of-
?.r»: r.'l y.'.zxi* htlrj. 215 S-c'ilcr.: "ale Z\SS
'•'.'.yr.^T. sr.d Japar.er- l;»!r: crrab. 2t* yari.
T»l rw.n V07. rTtAT^LHV & CO.. OO'C'.ay.
IMPlO7»m_ WASTEa— FEttALjE.
— WOaiC srattt#« r cr .'<? ftrs:-cl=-.s hotrl wait-
• ¦ . _••• Drxt-dios h.-tsl ckauibjri-.".lds Ap-
: IWUMieES '&: CO.; 42:i Duih at.
¦XMAN itain an<! •rjfe: v'.Ts to ceck: raw to
.¦•:•¦ .n k:tt-j'*n: hotel or boaniinjr-hous-;
ur rv or rtr carr.si of men. S4f TUrd at.
roora -T.
rOLTfC 'J<rtrcr. Tvorrir rran'-j houseclcinins
h-.f ,c«tcr.'s.»: *1 <te 7 . MRS. V.. »
¦¦>.;>,:> St., « ff Fo'scn. between TSird and
V: <n rear.
1 .HEN'S pUtr. neatly done, reas-
• <¦ p«-ir*s: lac* ct:rtala.<i laund»red. up."
FeJsnm y£2; 'Jr. Oore st.. Jrctwcen
N!n:h ar.d Tfcntr; usi Howard and Folsom.
A GOOD g'.rl want* to awist in llsht fcoui»*»-
• ork arA *ake earn of liaby: either Ameri-
?.'.-. .r lewis* family: trapes $15. S G^ugh st.
A RKLJARLE wotsaji wiibe« «ituation to do
¦ • asral !i;u««3rit la smaU ramtl-. 311 Lo-
cut\ av*.
TOUNG w^n-.an wishes pceition as lady's rnatd
•o Zr. mtcOlng cr packing, ty the day.
Box 1'ST. Cal! cff.ee. • --'*
RFLI^ELE girl T- : «hes genera.! hcusevsrk tn j
'arr.;K: »igf« S25. $00: Oakland preferred. I
H..£ ibST. Call office. r ;>_¦
v NTr.D-:>r.i>ril tr>asewr,rk: .«tr.a;i family:
z r& -.aia cock: exserlenced woman. 287
M:r.-.a <r . near Fcirth.
f'ANDINAVlAN girl wishes place fcr t?n-
fn! hosMeworfc. Cal! at 3:«u p.Uch fl.. b*«
?ween P.ranr.an and Townsend: wages *2«.
GKKIIa;.* laftjr -orlfches to do plain sewing~by
Cke i*.st; fi and carfare. Address box 1525.
¦"a:: ot£ce.
M1ES5MAKER pr.d a*arcstre«s: gjod fitter and
fkirt ranker; COc a day r.r ?-1 a. week. 6C3
M:ss'.rn st . M. C, room 4.
YOUNG Genr.*n girl wishes position fcr up-
work: last place 4 years. iee2 Pest st.
FITUAT1ON wactej br a rood, reliable Ger-
man g:rl in *=:a!l fair;I}y; general house-
*crk; plain cooking; gocd wages; ?end eo
ratals cards; a stranger from the East.
<~a".l at 320 Fourteenth st.
FTRONG. »-ti:!rg. ecrr.peter.t American woman.
tercp«rate. bocest. wants light sweeping and
¦*ret-.l~:t; by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
te* ?attraction; $1 25 and carfare. \1S»
PBerOi st.. first Eight, room 24. 1
MiDI'LE-AGED German woman, gocd ccck.
»:she* position tn small family: will <;¦>
raa:i washing: city cr country; no objections
to baty; Cir Jarc. 422^ Tehaina St.. rear.
Y' 'UNO lady, gocd amanuensis, seeks en-
pa?^n:ent. or would take small salary to
!e»rn lru*:nes* in wholesale warehouse. Box
1S57. Call clfice.
GERMAN pirl wants a positl-m for plain cook-
:r* and housework in a email family; no
¦rtaoVrws; waps t^5. 4C« Austin ave.. near
Ooiigh et.
LADY with cr.ili 9 yearn wishes position as
hou«^ke»p*"r; if small infant there preferred;
fOIIy experienced in nursing children. 890
Hampshire rt. -. ,: ...
COXPETEKT dresaenaker wishes e-^agements
m ramOlea: *1 5i.» per day: reference. Box
>»:.. Call rffict.
CAPABLE w^man desires a positicn tn a
*iraU family tor r^neral hcusework; a good
rrv^R. 2415 Clay •*.
KXFKRIEN'TCD steno^Tspher and typewriter
dci-Sre* po»t*Hn: be*t of references. Box
1CM, Callofflce.
RELIABLE w.-rnan »i«hes rituaticn as cook or
to d^ house wnr >; city or countrx. 2U7
V':rn «. *-,;* ,*:
:-KAMSTRE:=S wishrs er.gageme.nts by tbe
day; $1 Zi\ Phon* Church 235«; 16S4 San
' Jome ave.
YCU3TG lady wishes Fituatlon as stencgrapher
tn Oakland or city: has srood references. Ad-
dress box 1«7<5, CaU die*.
A MARRIED la-iy wi«he* potitlcn as house-
keeper for sn eldfriy couple r>r widower
• ?¦-:» husband r«n beard. Box 1«S1. Call.
:iEr?rE> "TABLE woman wants eit-jstion:
TAins and general housework. Address
EXPERIENCED candy acd !c* cream sales-
lady •rtefaea position in caady store. Box
J63^. Call office.
COMPETENT, experienced nur»egirl wants a
position. Apply 4 Dodge st. off Turk, near
Larkin.
OFRJ1AN" :at!y wishes to do plain sewiag by
the day: $1 and carfare. Address box 1525,
<"a:i effice.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work, at
home; satisfaction guaranteed. Address
MR£. YAGER. 2S^ Moss st.
RELIABLE Canadian woman wlahea place as
housekeeper or housework In small fasUly
Call 223 Frasklin st.
FKAMSTRESS wishes engagements by day;
$? 5a 1CS4 6an -Joss ave. Phone Church
23545.
A FINNISH ?irl wishes housework. Address
2<*j' 3 Ritrh st.
WANTED — Dresss-.akicg at hcm» or by the
¦ <5ay; home preferred. M. G., 1533 Larkin st.
A GIRL wishes to ds upstairs work; no chil-
dren; $20 month. S25 Ehctwell et.
OinL war.ts a r'.ac* to assist In housework
arid care of baby. Caii at 10944 Howard at.
EXPEKIENCEX) nurse wishes confinements.
TTicc* Church 23V!.
"WANTED— A rositioa as hairdresser. 9 Ros- !
co* *t.
WOMAN wacts w.rk by the day; washing, '
<'.-¦:•¦'&. etc 321 Valencia st.
A GOCD sewer wc--!d like to go cut tr the |
<i«.y as helper for dressmaker. Box 1S13, Cali.
¦WANTED— Ccpjing or typ*»ritlr.g at home.
Kox 1«% Cuil office.
WANTED — Plain »e*1r.g by the day. A^Jdresi
hramotre^t. Z.44 Jessie st.
WANTED, fcy a reajiectable w-rtnan. washing
by half gay. Call 3275 Harrison «t-
AUSTRIAN girl wanta pcslttcn: boos* cr
chamber »crk. 3017 Twentieth st.
JAPANESE «orr.sn <S«-s*res jwsltlon at hcuse-
w»n* or k!Uh-n help. K. IM.M. 1338 Cali-
fornia st.
JAPANESF wemsn wants position as plain
rook and housework '.r. the dty. Address
UliS. N«"BU, t Carlo* place.
J^PANrs-'E arirl srsjata petition as cook and
.fie h<>u>e»ork. K. F.. 633 Sterenson «.
rMPiCTracsiTT wasted — male.
A FIRST-'. LASS kitchen ana dj^ir.g-rcora
¦:-«-. was c-tnager of first-class mcrazr.*r
r-tort this tt a*- n. wishes earag»mer.t by
r«.t I. ASDKE'S. 217 Stockton »t-: phone
Maic irji.
VCp'.'.S"'; man <Srr:«»i, Jast arrived, wishes any
i- Ir.il of e ' ulcyrnert ; rity or country Ad-
<re»» A. SCHWERZMANN. Hu:rboldt
Hcuse. 1309 Stork;' n «t.. E. F.
BY youn*- aiia: S v*ar»" evjjerlence as ma- I
rhinlig. : icara as conunerclij traveler: de- i
sorabU LiOsiUca. Asrcss Traveler. b*» HS3. ¦
'.\.:i uiCuc.
A iniyDl.n-AOnD man. ha* excerlence ;
ncubntcr ar«J ratline chickens, is hasdy ¦
v.;h trols, war.ts -aork on chicken ranch. \
Bcv 1CSC. Cell cfr.ee.
APPfcEKTICf; -with tune; ier.ee deirircs titua-
A MAK of ». who Ls% ifarr.-d t!>« Uilor tra^e
in D«anBrt. but hjs net v.cri:i at ft for
e-c-.e t-.T.e. «cu;d liie to ha\* vcrk a* hei->cr
cr as i.rennr in the diy. Cox IS?j. CaU.
AN expert a'.r.lz.z KXRagrr cr cor^;d«ral.> ex-
i*ri*3~ m Aasrrtu. :.>t Z?aUnti and Aus-
r-alia, wishes rnsrajrerr-'.-.t: excellent te»tl-
t: »r::.i! ? ; rtut* zXhry. liux IK7. Cali.
FITtATJO.V war.ud by j'-oar :nan. henest
¦ :: 1 rtl.able. la phctt gali-ry; 3 years' expe-
r.er.t*: <U-v<lopinjr acd retouvhiTig specialty.
. t~x :¦>-. cti: o:flce.
CARPE-VTER. rxn-cr.JcR.-cnB plan building- I
wants wurk. Box 1WL Call of flea. •
HOB3E3 AJTD WAOOHS. {
FINE, gentle stylish bay horse; 6 years old;
for riding or driving. F. A. WECK.' 156
New Montgomery st.
FOR sale — A brood mare, color black: also a
nice sorrel mare. 3223 Folsom St.. corner
Prectta ave. ' 1
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
rcur,d: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. Vjo Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Ynuns, gentle saddle hcrse: goes ;
single or double. Inquire 212 Elgbtb st- I
WANTED — To buy good delivery horse: state
lowest cash rrice. Box SCO. Call office.
HORSE, harness and wagon for sale; $45. Box
1154. Call office.
GOING out of business; new and secend-hand
_wasorta sold cheap. 1ESO Mission St.. nr. 13th.
LIGHT wagon. Al condition; cheap. Apply
EAKgR & SON. 37 Second 1st.
AUCTION sal- of horses, wagons aril harness
every V.Vdnf^day at 11 a. m. .127 Sixth st.
¦WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
n»ss. work and driving horsej. 15th- Valencia
H0U3ES TO 1ST.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UJIBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO 1-t — House of 10 rooms en California st. : I
rent ?40. Inquire at N. W. cor. "Ilsston I
and Tenth. Cal. Hoosewrecklng Co.
HOTJ3ES rroinsgEP— ros sai.^.
BUSH, SS3— For sale: furnished touse. 10
rooms; large sunny yard; call between 1 and
5. Ask for landlady.
FURNITURE of 12 rooms arranged In house-
keeping apartments; bargain. Call at 220
Haiyfct st. - ..
INVALID CEAIB3.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers__of
Eamw tricycle chair 2C18 Mkt.; tel.Paric . . 5.
"OST A3TJ POual).
LOST— A heart-shaped locket, monogram A.P-.
with Odd Fellows' badze atta--hti:: dead
rrotber's hair and picture Inside. Return
to S:?7 Mission et. ai.d receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the HIbemia Sav-
ings ar.»i Loan Society of San Francisco in
th" name of P.OY J. HANCOCK. No. 274-343.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — AH of our competitors; reduction in
prices and quality of ntcck did it. SHI3ELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st.. phone Grant
197; 1204 Sutter St., phone East 917. „>:,.
LOST— Gcfd lecket, with Initials C. U Call
at California Baking Company, corner Eddy
and Flllmcre sta.. and receive reward.
LOST— Gold locket, on 5:20 v. m. Key route
boat or train. Tuesday, or at Dwieht-way
station: reward. 1031 Milla building. S. F.
LOST — Strand gold beads with locket attached;
Initials K. I. S.; liberal reward. Return 542
Sutter it.
LOST— In Jefferson Square Monday. Sept. 19.
silver watch: owner's name en back of case:
valued as keepsake. 828 Eddy St.: reward.
LOST — Blue Dane dog: collar; license on; re-
ward. .TVri Twenty-first st.
I^AURCHIiS FOB TTTKT:.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchielis Launch Co. . Unlon-st. Wharf : boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart «t. :tel. John 2636.
IIATTBESSES AKT> •PXI.I.OTffS.
TO frder: renovated, disinfected (formaldehy<i»
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-04 Howard St.; phene South 213.
MUDICAI^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all t«-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
7C2 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all femala
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S28 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market St.. opp. 3th.
VAI.PEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's svr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express rnly
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visitirg the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 acd will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O*DONNELL— Al) who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office 101S Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never falls; a protec-
tion without Internal medlcin*; price $2 p»r
box. FROST'S Chemical Agency, 1104 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
MR3. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic vapor &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
MRS. THIESSEN. srarluate German midwtfe:
20 years' experience: home in confinement:
best care. 40 Perry, c. Third. Tvl. Red 51:2.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERE*:
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
MRS. DR. GWTER. MIA Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES— Kutt round; safe. sure, never falls;
$2. GIeason-Rugg!es Drug Co . Kearcy A Clay.
DR. ROSEN; residence 259' Fo!««ni St.. corner
28th; ladles, relief or no fee: *10.
PRIVATE lessons given day and evening:
terms reasonable. 1*4 Ninth st.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. rocm 13. 330 Pine st.. will In-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
MISCXTJ^AKEOPS—^71 SATiH.
WALLPAPER.
• lie—Per roll — ."^c.
"Vjf. g^M embossed: was 35c.
Everyday household paint, $1 a gallcn.
These goods are first- das*, up to date.
Samples mailed; write us.
House painting, paper hanging, whitening
and tir-tlng. - MEKIGAN.
New store. 1424 Elti* st. and 1-vZ Webster
st.; phone Jackaonl321. "
2D-HAN*I> machinery, engines, boilers, pump*.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, toid. I
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beal« st.
BOILERS engines. 2d-band raachJt-.-ry. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-1UT Frtmont st.
ATTENTION, O<Jd Fellow* — Full dress suits
lor the grand ball: Tuxedos and Prince Al-
berts for other functions: suits delivered
and called for. J. COOPER, rental parlcr*.
21 Stockton st.. nr. Market: second floor.
FOR s&le — New and secend-hand billiard and
pool tables; ea#y payments; we rent tables :
i with privilege cf buying; modern bar fixtures;
I cheap prices. BRUNSW1CK-BALKE-C0L-
\ LENDER. K2 Mission st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over eld
! Ircn, tin cr shingles • best tor new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO:. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are golrg to move
to New Montgomery St.; and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
. ARD5ON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
100 TONS steam and blacksmiths' coal: $2 SO
per lone ten. cash: ex- yard corner Howard
and Epear sts.; call at once; one ten tots
or over.
A — BUY?, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water o»pe> shafting pulley*.
•tc. WHITELAW. =53-255 Spear st. J
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
OIL. — 60 bbls Fuller's best linseed. 43350c by
bbl: less 30c and* 52c delivered around tbs
bay. G. N. SIMMONS. 440 38th St.. Oakland.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL.. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FOR sale — Fox terrier dog; full bred. 9-33 How-
ard St.. rocm 3.i Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Art.
Bay CPC 6«. 9S# — SPCR4*.— 100
B L Wat 6a. — U7Vi S P Co 4^s.lOOV* —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% Sun Tel 6s... — 113
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Do B* 104 —
Ris I Wka 6s — 105 Suttr-st R53.104 —
SF & NP 5s. 112 — | UK of SF 4s. 85H «"-»
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 27 23 I Lon & BT Bit — 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 1 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — | Nev Nat Bk.133 —
Cal GA-ECor. 45 DO N S R R Co. 9Vi —
C Jockey CL110 — N Cal P Co. — 9'ri
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Blc Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6'i —
Cen Blc. Oak — 65 Orpheym Co. — 15'4
Chutes Co .. — »J^i PacC Caa Co.125 —
City 4CBk- 120 I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6Ti'Paraf Paint* 39 —
East Dynm..300 — S F Drydock — 55
DpntPwd cm — 80 SF&SJ Coa!.. 1714 20
FN Bk. OaTc.120 — S J Wat Co.ionu —
Fischer Thtr — 40c SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — Sw!ss-A Bk..ll5 —
Gas Con A.. — 22VS Truck Elect. — 14
Hono P Co.. 24 — VR InC pM. 5<U; 57^
Do pool .. — 29 Do com ... 12 —
Honing Session.
Board —
$15,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent 85 23
Street —
$2,000 United RP.ofSPl per etn.t. 83 23
Cali forma Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Ask»d.
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Certificate . 19
Caribou 40 50
Claremont 75 go
Giant "ih
Home 10 00
Independence 27 23
Kern 4 50
Kern River 12 5O
Lion • 20
Monte Crlsto 6.1 64.
Occidental of W. Va. 9 6
Oil City Petroleum 52 53
Sovereign 3<t
Superior 10 0<>
Thirty-Three 9 25 U CO
Le Viso 20 22
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 39
Northern Cal. Power *73
Truckee Electric 1173 .....
Morninz Session.
200 Claremont .....•••..•.. 73
10 Associated Bonds 70 2.1
2000 Independence 23
1000 Independence 27
Afternoon Session.
2000 Claremont 73
100 Four Oil 63
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 19! 100 Opnlr 2 30
1 °0rt Best & Belch. I 10t 50O Overman 20
SCO Con Cal & V.I 10! 6ftO Potosi 12
400 Crown Point. 131 10O Savage 1J»
2C0 Gould & Cur. 19 ! 20O Scorpion PS
i 600 Julia 10| COO Union Con.... 41
lf)0 Justice 1O| 300 Union Con.... 4©
800 Mexican 1 00!
Afternoon Session.
I 400 Bullion 271 500 Crown Point. 14
i Son Bullion 2«l CCO Excheqner ... 6?
4C0 Chollar 1«! 300 Gould & Cur. 20
60 Confidence ... 85(
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale« on the San Fraa>
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Cent EureUa.1 40] 70O Mont Ton ...2 CO
300 Cent Eureka.1 X.V 50C0 Red Top 1«
200O Columbia 23; 2000 Rescue 10
50O Cold B Ball 09i 100O Rescue U
500 Goldfield S Pk ISI 10O Ton Gold Mt. 17
150O MacNamara . 39! men Ton Gold Mt. 1*1
1500 MacNamara . 4O| 5C0 Ton Midway.. S3
"200 MacNamara . 3S120C0 Ton N Star.. 23
200 Mont Ton. 2 02 U|
Afternoon Session.
500 Adamr 06 5T0 MacNamara .. 37
10OO Brunswick .. *W 5f*> Mont Ton ...2 00
3000 Brunswick .. 07 100 N Y Ton ... 0V
300O Esperania ... 01 lOrt Paymaster ... 04
ICO GoWfleld Mln. 76 200 Tan Gold Mt. 17
10O Goldfield M In. 75! 10OO Ton Gold Mt. IS
500 MacaNmara . 3S|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 21—5 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .."¦..... 10 11 Julia ch ot»
Alta OS 10 Justice C9 10
Andes IT 19 K««ntuek 05 r*
Belcher SO 32i Lady Wash . . — 03
Beat A Belch. 1 10 1 15! Mexican 1 0O 1 or,
Bullion 2fi 27! Occidental .... 7* SO
Caledonia «» «2' Ophlr 2 2X 2 ?/>
Challenge ... IS 20t Overman \9 22
Chollar 1« . USPotoet 14 13
Confidence ... M SCI Scorpion 05 P7
Con Cal & V.I lf> t 15'Savasre 20 21
Con Im^rlal. 01 flEtSeg Belcher... 12 IS
Con NY.... 06 W Sierra Nev.... SO 32
Crown Point.. IS I.VSllver Hill 42 44
K. Sierra Nev OS fifil S»». Lo'Jls .... — Irt
Eureka Con.. — IW Syndicate .... fW n»
Exeh-quer ... Rfl R7I ITnion Con 3D 4O
Oould & Cur. 1» 2O!Utah 10 72
Hale & Nora 50 «1 1 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
Adams 05 — I N T Ton 04 OS
Columbia 24 25| Paymaster ... 03 C4
Esperanza ... oi C2' Pine Grove.... 1O —
Eula Con ... Cfl — iQutney H — .
Gold Anchor.- — 25' Ray & O"Brien CO —
Goldfield Bll. «S ' 10|Ray Ton — 10
Goldfield Mln 78 78 1 Red Top 17 ir»
Goldfield Mhk — 211 Rescue V» —
Oold field S Pfe 17 — .Sandstorm ... XI 40
Goldfield Ton. 11 — I Ton Felmont.. 53 —
Oold Mt Con. — 02 Ton * Cal — 20
Han M MA- S. — 10'Ton Kxten ..133 —
Han Mut Co. 10 —I Ton & Ct W. 02 —
Hazel Kirk .. 11 121 Ton Gold Mt. 13 —
Jim Butler .. — 66! Ton Midway.. 37 S-">
Jumbo JW — |Ton Nev.. 7 87^ * 12H
Little Ton . . 25 — ' Ton N Star. ..21
-Lucky Tom.. OS 171 Ton A S Lake. B1 —
MacNamara . 38 "'.Utopia Irt —
Moat Ton..l 97fe 2 001 West End ... 13 15
W. S. Spinney (by Mrs. H. S. Robertson, at
torney) (owner), with Edward Coleman (con
tractor), architects William Mooser and Ed
ward G. Bolles— Alterations and additions to
a two-story frame building on the S W lin« of
Hawthorne street. 1S1 NW of Harrison N
44 by W 112:6; «46CO. * * N
William J. and Annie L. Flynn (owners)
with . Theodore Linge (contractor), architect T.
William P. Ferguson to Lavlnia R. Fergu
son, lot on NE line of Holly street. 29-1 U
NW of West Park. NW 29:1^. E 03:7. S 25
W 78 :S, lot 2. block 3. Holly Park, excepting
portion in 1654 D. 1S9 NE of Holly street
29:Hi NW of West Park. NW 1:5H, E 51 -3*
S 0:7. E 15.' S to point 25 N of West Park W
to beginning; $10.
Builders* Contracts.
California Guarantee Investment Company to
John B. Hafele. lot en NE line of Sherman
street, 150 SE of Huron. SE 10O by NE ICO.
block 19. West Knd map No. 2: $10.
Austin and Louisa Arnold to John H. Grady.
lot on K line cf Oxford street. 100 S of Bur
rows. E 120 by S 100, lot 7, block 93, Univer
sity Homestead; $10.
. Jame3 W. Dashwocd to Arabella Dashwood,
lot on S line of East avenue. 316:11 E cf Park
E 50, S 1CS, lots 29 and 30. block 6, Hclly
Park: $10..
Eva E. Fisher to Anna D. Joost. lot SCO, gift
map 1; $10.
Walter and Jessie M. .Pash to SoJomon Gets.
lot on &E corner of Forty-eighth avenue and P
fctraet. E 50 by S 107:6; $10.
Thomas L. and Catherine F. Hill to Henry
A. Roefer, lot on W line of Third avenue 20O
S of Clement street. S 50 by W 120; $10
Edward Ewald to Louisa M. Ewald re
record 1003 D. 172 undivided one-half of fol
lowing: Lot on E line of Tenth avenue 250
N of T street. N 25 by B 120: lot o"n E
line of Tenth avenue. 2CO N of Q stre-t N
25 by E 120; lot on E line of Tenth avenu*
22." S of P street S 25 by E 120; gift
George F, Lyon to George A. and Katherin*
Armes, lot en W line of Ninth avenue 200 V
of K street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Dcnigan lot on NE corner of Sixth and Jessie
streets, NW 25 by NE 75; $ .
Juatina Bauer to Anspacher Bros., lot on
SW line of Seventh street, 245 SE of Brannan,
SE 30 by SW SO; $1.
George and Eliza Dillmann to Charles H.
and Olga A. Johnson. lot on E line of Kan
sas street. 50 S of Twenty- fifth. S 25 by B
1C0; $10.
Arthur and Alice Baur t» Joseph L. Argoud.
lot on NE corner of Eleventh avenue and
California street. B 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Fred T. Brown to Alice M. Brown lot on
W.llne of Ninth avenue, 235 S of California
street. S 25 by W 120; gift.
Emma Samson to .Isidor Llpman. lot on W
line of Sanchez street. 101 Hi S of Twenty
eighth, S 25 by W 105: $10.
Philip J. and George P. Kane to Matthew
Donoho. lot on N line of Eighteenth street,
74-194 W of Diamond. W 0:6 }4 by N 75: $10.
William Ede Company to F. K. Houston,
lot on'N line of O'Farrell street. 27:6 E of
Powell. E 55 by N 77:6: $10.
F K. and Mary F. Houston to George d*
Urloste.* same and lands adjacent: $10.
Louis Metzger to Ermlna A. Munch, lot
on NW line of Folsom street. 150 NE of Fifth.
NE 30 by NW 80: $10.
Ellen F. X. Henriksen to Richard Maione.
lot on S line of Greenwich street, 137:6 W of
Fillmore, W 34:414 by S 120; 510.
Richard Malone to L. Gendottl. same; $10.
William J. Herrin to Antolne and Margaret
Lombardo, lot on W line of ticott street, 50
S of O'Farrell. S 25 by W 00; $10.
Estate of. Hugh Tevls (minor; by Cornelia
MiGhee Tevls (guardian) to L. Foster Young,
undivided third of lot on N line of Broadway,
159 W of Devisadero. W 35 by N 137:6; $BWK>.
Mark Wolfsohn to Mary Wolfsohn, lot on S
line of Pine street, 118:9 W or- Baker. W 25
by S K7:6; gift. ¦
City and County of San Francisco to Leon
F. Goodman, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street. 65 W of Bartlett. N 65:3*4. W to point
125 W of Bartlett and eO:SH N of Twenty
second. S CO:SVi. E 70; $ — .
Robert and Tlllle Lorentz to Solomon and
Sarah Marks, lot on E line of Fair Oaks street.
244 S of Twenty-first, S 32 by E 117:6; $10.
Hannah Donovan to Robert T. Parry, lot
on S line of Fifteenth street, 50 E of Castro.
E 25 by S 90: $10.
Mabel and George Green and Sophia Barnes
(Green) t.> Hermann Grews, lot on N line of
Twenty-ninth street. 100 W of Dolores, W 25
by N 114; $10. ¦;-•
William and Fannie Holland to William Lin
den, lot on NE corner of Clipper and Church
streets, E 101:10 by N 31:6: $10.
Eudora B. Dean to Ferd E. Hesthal, lot on
NW corner of Mission and Army streets, NE
27:5?4. NW 02:1, N 1:11. NW 126:4, S 44:10%.
E 203:3; al?o lot on NW corner of Army and
Bartlett streets, N 49:7%. NW 232:8. S 73:0^.
E 250:4%, lots 1 to 5, Tiffany and Dean tracts;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
M. and Theodore Cohn, lot on N line of Clay
street. 137:6 W of Webster. W S5 by N
127:81;; $— .
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
$10,000 Associated Oil Co B per cent. TO 00
Afternoon Sesaiaa.
Board —
10 California Win* Association. . 84 80
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 63 00
10O Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 62 8 " H
25 Makaweli 23 50
10 Pacific Lighting 53 50
eo Oceanic S S Co 2 00
5 Oceanic S 8 Co 1 50
$15,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 3s.. 1C0 73
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Same owner with, William V. "Wilson Com
peny (contractors), tame architects — Draining,
plumbing and gaa fitting for same on lanw;
$3ieo.
Same owner with Daniel Leahy (oontractort.
same architects — Lathing, plastering, ate., tor
same on same; $2639.
Same owner with D. O. Stora (contractor),
same architects — Painting, graining, etc.. for
same on same; $2500.
A. Lombard* (owner) with Mission Bulldln*
Company (contractors), architects Rousseau 4»
Son — All work for a two-story frame, building
with brick foundation (two Rats) on "W Una
ot Scott street. 6O S of O'Farrell. B 23 by w
90, Western Addition 454; $3750.
P Ross— All work for a two-story and ba»e
rnent frame bulldlnc on the E ltae ot Shra
der street 50 S of Hayes. S 25 by E 100. Weet
ern Addition block 6S3; $5450.
Sarah J. O'Connor (owner) with A. DaMoerr
(contractor), architects Mahoney and Ryland—
All work for a two-story frame building ttw»
flats) on the S line of Pacific ayenu* 112:8
E of Steiner street. E 23 by S 13. :6; *So7S.
Napoleon Vasllatos (owner) with A. w. Law
son (contractor), architect T. P. Roes—Bulfc
heading. excavation, brickwork and holding u?
of two building. 424. 428. 429. 430 and 43*
Eddy street: $1200.
Security Savings Bank (owners) with Ver
mont Marble Company (contractors), architect
Nathaniel Elalsdeli — Marble work of wainscot
ting counter fronts, etairs. tile floors, thresh
olds' for a two-stcry and basement bank build
ing on E line of Montgomery street. 137:6 S Of
California street. E eS:9 by S 40: ttSSO
Ida S. Lewla (owner) with Otto Shradw
(contractor), architect game— Cast Iron worfc
for a three- story and basement brick buildln*
on S corner of Bryant and Zoe streets. SW 1-5
by SE 105; Jll.SSJS- ... . „
Rebecca E. Davidson (owner) with A- M.
Wallen (contractor). architect— All wor*
for a two-story frame building (flatsV en W
line of Pennsylvania avenue. 50 N of Twenty
second street. N 25 by W 100; $4643.
J J Smith (owner) with Henry Jack* (con
tractor). architect— Repairing and alter
ations to building at 631 and 631 Yi Natoma
street: $1250. , _,,
Abbie L. Astredo (owner) with Edward Wll
berg (contractor), architect E. W. Hyde— AH
work except concrete work for a three-story
frame building (Hats) on N ltae of Vallejo
street. 137:6 W of Mason, W 21 :« by N 61;
$43C0.
Julius Gollober (owner) with Altehiaon A
Canfleld (contractors), architect Pntllpp-
Echwerdt — All work except plumbing, painting,
electric work, tiling, mantels, shades and gas
fixtures for a three-story, basement and sttlo
frame building on N line of Clay street 21S E
of Filhnore. E 27:6 by N 127:8U: $863T.
A. J. Clunle (owner) with White Brca, (con
tractors), architects Martens and Coffey — All
work except mantels, shades and gaa fixtures,
plumbing, plastering and painting, for a three
story frame building (12 Eats? on X line of
Halght street. 55 E ©f Octavla, E 53 by M
120: $20,800. * /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
14
KEAIi ESTATE — CITT — PO» 8AU5.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. • .
20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION v
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION .
Of investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesrooms
Tuesday. September 2T. 1904. at 12 o clock
noon. ii
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
2»04 Jackron st.. north line. bet. Broderlck
and Baker: dfwliable two-story residence; 10
rooms ar.d bath; lot subject to
contlrmatlon by Superior Court.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
651-3-5-7 Washington tV, south line, near
Kesrny. and adjoining the Hall of Justice;
Improvements consist of a good 4-story
brick bul'dlng. containing 3 stores and
lodcing-liouse of 24 rooms; rented low at
$145 per month.
CHOICE VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE!.
1714 Vallejo st. north line, near Franklin;
elegant residence of 10 rooms and bath;
large grounds and garden; commands good
marine view; lot 48:6x137:0.
CHOICE PINE-ST. HOLDINGS.
2715-17 Pine st.. »outh line, bet Devlsadero
and Brodertcic: 2 well-built flats of 6 and 9
rooms and bath each, with driveway and
ptable in rear; rents $60 per month: lot
25x137:6.
(2)
2711 Pine «t: 2-story and basement dwell-
ing of H rooms and bath; lot 23x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
12I<: Fulton st.. north line. bet. Scott and
Devisadem; good 2-irtory dwelling of 0
rooms and bath; rent $45 per mo.; lot 25x
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
17-19 Hampton place, off south line of
Folsom et.. bet. Second and Third — Two
2-story dwellings of 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $48 per mo.; lot 41xS6.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
HaJght at., south line, bet. Clayton and
Belvedere; lot 23x100.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
402-21^ Grove *t. north line, bet Cough
and Octavla sts.; 2 fiats; 5 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $47 50 per mo.; lot 27:6x
«S:9.
DESIRABLE BUILDINO LOTS.
(1)
Jackson rt.. i*>uth line, bet. Cherry and
Flrrt ave.; bulldlrjr lot. 27x128:4.
12)
Washington St., north line, bet. Cherry
.and First ave.; building lot. 27x128:4.
SEVENTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
£09 Seventh Bt., b*t. Folsom and Harri-
son: improvements consist of 3 tenements
of 4 and 6 rooms each; rents $3S per mo.;
lot SSxTS. A splendid holding, which Is
bounU to enhance in value.
MORRIS AVE. FLATS.
U)
lOS.gi; Morris ave., off Bryant »t, bet
Mh and Cth sts.; 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rent* f-3 per mo.; lot 20x75.
(2)
110-110^ Morri* ave. ; 2 flats. 3 and 4
rooms each; rent $i5 per nio-. : lot 20x75.
M1NNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
671 Minna street, south line, bet. 7th and
Sth sts.; cottage of 4 rooms, rented nom-
inally for $15 per mo.; lot 20xC9.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
North Point si., north line, bet. Jones
and Lr-aven worth; lot 50x137:6.
For Catalogue and Further Particulars
Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED.
W LOTS FRONTING ON
DEVISADERO.
CASTRO.
FOURTEENTH ST.
DUBOCE AVB.
Best and cheapest lots in city for the money.
PRICE 51400 TO $2000.
Terms 1-5 cash, balance 1. 2, 3 and 4 years.
streets bituminized; sewers laid; no other
proiK-rty in the city with similar advantages
for sale at such low pricss; splendid surround- i
ings, charming views; close to Duboce and
Buena Vista parks.
26 LOTS ALREADY SOLD.
Ten houses of a superior class now under
construction: $60,000 already spent on lmprove-
si: •,;t.- : a splendid opportunity to make money;
values bound to increase; an excellent location
for a borne or flats.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Take HaiEht-it. cars to Scott or Devis&dero;
walk two short blocks south.
LYON' &. HOAG.
116 Montgomery et.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chcicft lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on street
rrade: close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsslon-«t. electric cars: secure one as an
investment and by the time It is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
h*ve advanced during the past year; buy
row befcre vrlces become prohibitive In thlr
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
ELEVENTH-AVE. lots ready for building:
graded: street graded, macadamized and
towered: gas and water pipes down: east side
of street, the desirable side: only S950 each;
2jx120; $35 per month: near Point Lobos ave.;
no lots In Richmond with all the street work
done, etc., and !> cated po well, can b3
bought on ir..«tallmenUi or so cheap.
W. J. GLNN, .ViO California St..
Savings Union bldg.
$1150 — COR- Silver ave. and Congdon: cottage
4 rooms; must be sold soon.
jlOixi — Cottage 4 rooms; 220 2Sth et.: will
loan *12ro on this place. D. COFFIN U
CO.. 252S Mission St., near 21st.
ONE large block; will he very valuable In near
future for building lots. M. SALOMON. 819
Market ft.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, lot Included,
any location, on SI 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Awioclation. 427 Crossley bid.
7 ly>TS in the Mission district $2100; they
will lay golden eggs. Box 1SCS. Call.
$lSXiO — SNAP: large lot, good neighborhood.
OWNER. 21 Sixar st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
1IACH & MAYER, plumber*. S.1C Howard St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1*> rages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
SAVJOATEO^BEAiJBSTATEj^^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 6th and Market
its. : outside the fog belt and just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50-fcot lets from $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and S10 a month: sewer and water pipes In
frcnl of every lot: pure nrleslaa well water;
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks: an exceptional opportunity
to teccre a lot in this desirable sectloa oa
eaiy terms: take the electric cars and get
eff at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appil.
cation.
EELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel Main 673. 116 California st
HE Al. ESTATE— COTJHTRT—Por gala.
$32CO — 10-ACRE prune orchard; house with
«> rftiir; barn, windmill, tank; Improvements
worth *1"C<>. Inquire of L. F. H. FORE-
WOHTHV. Unicn ave., Campbell. Cal.
; 20 ACRES: C-room house; barn, windmill; im-
I>lrni<rnts; near creamery and school: Irriga-
tion ditch through place. E. LEONARD,
LathroD Cal.
I POULTRY firmt;« — We have farms for you
I ell In Soncira. th» banner poultry county;
; »end for . descriptive circular; easy terms.
( PETERS &. BA1NES. 116 Montgomery ¦£
| ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
I vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthlr cata.
iocrues «er.t me. C. M. WOO8TER CO..
ME Market «t. | .
CHICKEN RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope;
sice to suit: easy terms; plenty water: fine
fruit: call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
BEAT. EST^&TEJTC^EXjC^NCm^
! TO EXCHANGE. '
j For uniricumbered country real estate north
• of San Francises, equity of $CM0 in Berke-
j ley rcfcidence; lot 45x135; houee cf 8 rooms,
£hk lighted: separate servant's room and
! toilet: porcelain batbs large etoreroom; new-
• iy painted, papered ' ar.d tinted throughout;'
j good ets-bl* and chicken house; outbuildings
and fence* new!r painted; value $tO00; I
mortgage $2450 can stand; Berkeley values !
. increasing; location, desirable residence sec- !
I lion: school m same block; eix blocks from*!
1 entrance to university grounds; convenient '
j to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and in Arst-clats condition: stone side-
' u»lU; owner leaving. Addrera fcr next ten
! days only. Owner, box 1659. Call office.
i ¦ 3ZZI I
GOOD paylne boarding hcuse. saloon and cash
money for cheap lot ar.d cottage. Call or ad-
1 dress at the Universal Hotel, C5 Stanford st.
pivipi:itx> aroTiczs.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of Ean Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of three
dollars i" r chare trill be payable at the of-
flee of the corporation. 464 California st. San
Francisco, October 1. 1004. Transfer books
will cloee September 23.- 1004.
JOHN D. McKEE, Secretary. ;
BOOK-BEHTTUfQ AQEITCT.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 096,
or call at 117 Sutter st. . .
VTA VI.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIA VI CO., Van Ness. Phono East 282.
ASS STAMIEEBINO^
MELBOURNE InstltuteTvaiTNess and Market,
cures; estab. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.ru.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
1 The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Vicente Sant03, 27, 3'i Volney Dlace, and
Agnpita Moreno 20, 3',£ Volney place.
Robert 1>. Scjulre, 27, San Luis Obispo, and
Edith L. Welch. 20.. £an Luis Obispo.
Quido F. Feigl, S3, 110 Terry street, and
Amalia Lehmhus 45, 110 Perry street.
Fred H. Laun, 2l». B40 Tennessee street, and
Louise Aceret. 23, 21 03 Golden Gate avenue.
William Morton. 2S, Los Angeles, and Mat-
tie B. Clawson 22, Benicla.
Edwcrd Palmer. 33. Isabella, and Alvena
E. B. M. Decoto, ."1. Decoto.
Samuel A McDowell. 26, Los Angeles, and
Almira Grisamore, 27, Iola, Kans.
John J. Roonan, 25. 512 Clipper street, and
Eva M. Smith, IS, Santa Clara.
James H. E. S. Conaty, 23, 346 Sutter street,
and Ella M. Hasselman, 22. 24 Turk street.
Georg-e 13. : McDonald, 37, city, and Ella
Schohay, 2S city.
William Unton. 35. Fresno, and Flora B.
Hzttle, 42. Frenno.
Michael W. Rehm, 27, 620 Lombard street,
and Jennie Pierottl, 18, 421 Green street
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES--DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed,
in at either of the publication offices and be
i Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to' have the same published.
Notices restricted 6imply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
* MARRIED.
CLYATT— NELSON— In this city. September
10, 1904 by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
William F. Clyatt and C. Lillian Nelson,
both of Ean Francisco.
CONWAY— NELSON— In this city, September
20. iyC4, bv the Rev. John A. B. Wileon.
William Conway and Emma Nelson, both
of, San Luis Obispo.
GUNST— McGLYNN— In this city, September
20. 1904, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Joseph
H. Gunst and Louise McGIynn, both of this
city.
HUI^5E— BEALE— In this city, September 3. :
1904. by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbach, Charles
L. Huls« and Georgia L. Bealn.
JOHNSON— HORN— In this city. September
20, 1004. by the Rev. Frank Etuart Ford.
George D. Johnaon of San Frarteisco and ;
Carrie M. Horn of Stockton, Cal.
JOHNSON— CHESTER— In this city. Septem-
ber 17. 1904, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown.
George Jobnson and Irene Chester, both of i
this city. i
McDOVVKLL — GRIPAMORE— In this city, j
September 21. 1904, by the Rev. Frank
Stuart Ford. Samuel Arthur McDowell of
Los Angeles, Cal., and Almlra Grisamore of
Iola, Kuns.
MORTON— CLAWSON— In this city. Septem-
ber 21, 1904, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
William Morton of Loe Angeles and Mattle
Belle Clawson of Benlcia.
SQUIRE— WELCH— In this city, September
20. 1004. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
Robert V. Squire and Edith L. Welch, both
of this city.
SWAIN— McMlLLEN— In this city. Septem-
ber 20, 1904. by the Rev. E. L. Walz. pastor
of th» Fourth Congregational Church. Ralph
W. Swain and Mabel L. McMillen, both of
this city.
VAN CUREN— BURTON— In this city. Sep-
tember 21. 1904. by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford. Otto V. Van Curen of Los Angeles,
Cal., and Emma L. Burton of Raymllton, !
Pennsylvania.
DIED.
Atkinson, Ellen E. Lynde, Emily M.
Bryant. William H. Macpherson, Grace
Busuy, Mary McGraw, Sarah K.
Clarke, Eliza Nagle, Peter U.
Drum. Lily M. Noonen. John
Prank, Johannes O'l-'arrell, Anthcny
Futter. Mrs. R. Patterson, Wm. M.
Goll, John H. Schweitzer, Mary
Handmann. Erwin Shaen. Joseph
Harrington, John Shlvely, Lewis
Hutchlnfon. Anna C. Totman, Leslie O.
Jehl, John Wade, James
Johnston, Pr. J. N. Wall, Margaret
LlttlcficW. ••weph 11.
ATKINSON— in tills city, September 20. 1904.
Ellen Edith, beloved daughter of George F.
and Sarah Atkinson, and sister of David R.
and Fredrick H. Atkinson and Mr?. J. M.
Flack, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
19 years 5 months' and 23 days.
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tejid the funeral service* to-day (Thurs-
day), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. at the residence
of her sister. Mrs. J. M. Flack, 2321 Folsoro
street, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth. Interment private.
FRANK— In this city. September 20. 1901,
Johannes, lx-loved husband of the late
Amalia Frank, and devoted father of Charles
Frank, a native of Germany aged 6SJ years
2 months and 'Si days.
BRYANT— In Berkeley. SeDtember 20, 1S04.
William Henry Bryant, beloved husband of
Ada C Bryant, and father of Nellie B. and
Ida M. Bryant, a native of Ontario, Canada,
aged V9 years and 5 months.
BUSBY— In Oakland, Cal., September 20. 1904.
Mary, wife of the late Edwin Busby, and
mother of Emma L. Busby, L. Busby and
Mrs. J. E. Angwln oT Dunamulr, Cal., a na-
tive of England, aged 72 years and 3 months.
(ET'Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Thursday- after-
noon, SeDtember 22, at 2 p. m.. at her late
residence. 900 Grove street. Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
CLARKE— In this cHy, SeDtember 21. 1904,
Eliza, beloved wife of the late Denis Clarke,
and mother of Jchn, Marcaret, Eliza and
Klttlo Clarke. Mrs. H. Jones, Mrs. H. Small
and Mis. F. Boland and the late Frank
Clarke, a native of County Armagh. Ireland.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 403 Michigan street, Potrero, thence
to St. Teresa'* Church, where a requiem
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of her
eoul at 9:30 a. m. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery. '-,-•'
DRUM— In tills city. September 21. 1904,
at 1940 Vallejo street, Lily M.. beloved wife
of Frank G. Drum, and daughter of Mrs.
8. L. Snowgrass. and sister cf J. G. and the
late R. B. and A. V. Snowgrass.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FUTTER— In this city. September 21. 1904.
Mrs. Rebecca Futter. beloved wife of the
late Jacob Futter, and mother of Samuel
Futter, Sadie. Simon and R. Futter, and
Bister of B. Katschinski, Bertha Sllvereteln,
Sarah Philllpc, Pauline Newbach and Rose
Jacobs, aged 52 years.
GOLL— In thin city, September 21. 1904, John
H. Goll, a native of Germany, aged 03 years.
HANDMANN— In this city, SeDtember 21,
Erwin Handmann, beloved husband of Eva
Handmann. a native of Sachen, Meiningen.
Germany, ased 65 years 10 months and 20
days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 25, at 1 p. m.. from Charles J.
B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, 636 Wash-
ington street, themce to Foresters* Hall. 102
O'Farrell street, under the auspices of
North Beach Lodge No. 9, O. d. H. S.. com-
mencing at 2 p. m. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this city, Seotember 20,
lOOt. John, beloved husband of the late
Mary llarrlnstton, and father of Mrs. W J.
Holgersan, a native of Bantry, County Cork.
Ireland, aged 84 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
September 23. at 8:30 a. m.. from his late
residence. 2952 Twenty- first street, corner
of Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
CrOEs Cemetery.
HUTCHINSON— In Oakland. Cal., September
20. 1904. Anna Chlldress, beloved wife of
Tallentyre R. Hutchinson. and mothvr of
Mrs. Ernest C. Pelxotto. Mrs. Bernard Ran-
some, Mrs. William Bull Prlngle and Dwlght
Hutchinscn. a native of Natchez, Miss.
(Richmond, Va., and New Orleans papers
ploase copy.)
CTFuneral services to-day, September 22,
at 3:30 p. m., at her late residence. 1303
Madison street. Interment Drivate.
JEHL— In Ocean View, September 21. 1004, at
his residence. 3046 San Jcse avenue, John.
dearly beloved husband of Sophia Jehl, and
devoted father of Bertha, Alice . and John
Jehl Jr., and brother of Mrs. R. Muller, and
.brother-in-law of Mrs. R. Scherf. a. native
' of Alsace. Germany, aged 4S years 7 months
and 1 day.
JOHNSTON— Near San Joac. September 21
10OI7 Dr. J. N. Johnston, hushand of Cora
Hatch Jehnston, and son of Mr. and Mrs
S. N. Johnston, and brother of William A..
Frank F. and Walter S. Johnston and Mrs
R. B. Hale, a native of San Jose, aged 40
years 10 months and 15 days.
Ity Friend*: and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Fervlces
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 p. m., at the resi-
dence of hla father. S. N. Johnston 80
North . H street, > under the ausnlcca" of
Friendship Lodge No. 210, F. and A, M
Interment Oak Hill Cemetery. San Jose.
LITTLEFIELD— In this city. SeDtember 20
.19O-;.. Joseph H-. dearly beloved husband of
T.' J.Monahan. Manager. TeL Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALilERS.
2330-2341 Mission St.. . near Nineteenth.
gan Francisco.
BOOMS POa HOUSEKEEPING — Con.
SCOTT. 800. NE. cor. Page Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
SUTTER, 822— Nicely fur. housekpg. rooms,
suitable for ladles; reas.; home comforts.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry: yard; quiet.- 1417 Fremont ave., Frult-
vale.
TWENTY-THIKD. 3726—2 sunny, bay-window
rooms, completely furnished for hkpg.; reaa.
VALENCIA. 822— Two or tliree furnished
rooms: xas stove, electric lights, bath.
VAN NESS ave., 232 — Furnished 2-room suite
for housekeepln; gas range; adults; $16.
VAN NESS avs.. cor Geary, phone Hyde
184G — Tivo beautiful, eunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations; terms
reasonable.
APABTMEITT ZOTTSES.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 . Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1S50.
BOOM3 TQ I.ET — Purn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to >10 week; house open.all night. ' .l
BELMOND House, over Owl drug ttore. 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; I
rooms: 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1251— Furnished room to let.
DOLORES, 881— Large, sunny furnished room.
ELEVENTH. 128 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732— Furnished rooms to let
PELL. 330 — Furnished rooms *o let.
FIFTH. S08— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms. 50c and up; suits for 4 'persons, S2
per dar.
FRANKLIN, 1461, near Sutter— Furnished or
housekeeping sunny, corner rooms; low rent;
eelect place.
FULTON. C30— Furnished room to let; tele-
phone in bouse.
FURNISHED rooms to leti all locations. !
Thone Clay MG or call 117 Sutter st. ]
GEARY, 16S.V- A nicely furnished front room
to let, with bath; $7.
GOLDEN Gate ave.. 521— Furnished front
eulte: reasonable: others.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; U 50 to $G wk. ; reading-room.
HAMPTON place, 17. off Folsom. near Third—
4 sunny rooms; rent reasonable; unfurnished.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 760A— Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 1603 — Nicely furnished rooms with
running water; reasonable.
HYDE. 1540— Rooms to let.
IN desirable location: new flat: occuded by
small private family; 1 bay-window front
room and 2 pleasant side rooms. Address
box 1506. Call office.
JESSIE. 363, raet U. S. i Mint— Furnished
rooms; single, $7; for two, $8.
LARGE furnished front room; windowi east.
Fouth. west. 2311 Durant ave., Berkeley.
LARKIN. 433 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny back room; 1 or 2 gents;
(6 per month.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
hot,* cold water, elevator; windowa for parade.
MARKET, 1722— Furnished rooms to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 120 Third st. — 400
single and family rooms O.'c to SI 50 per day,
$2 to $S per week; the only new and mod-
ern hotel and rooming house In San Fran-
cisco that nas hot and cold water, electric
lights, call bells, steam beat in every room
and gives fr«.e baths and elevator service day
and night to Its guests.
MISSION, 817 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1013 — Small front room for gentle- |
man. $5 per month. .
MISSION. 1027— Neatly furnished front parlors
and kitchen: reasonable.
MISSION. 1324 — Furnished rooms to let. :
NATOMA. 582 — Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA, 615— Nice, .front, sunny room to
let
NINTH, 134— Furnished rooms to let
OAK, 124 — Nice furnished front parlor; private
' liouse; 1 or 2 persons; $10 to ?12 month.
OCTAVIA. 1157. Ellis-st. car. Jefferson Park—
I Well furnished rooms: gas, bath, phone.
PAGE. 1776 — 2 unfurnished rooms and bath;
call mornings.
PINE. 732 — Large sunny front room and bath;
suitable for two; reference.
PINE. 1731—2 single newly furnished rooms;
bath; phone; running water; reasiinable.
PINE,. 1020 — Furnished rooms to let
POLK, 725— Nice furnished room In nice lo-
cation.
POST, 632 — Nice single rooms to let *
POST, 1037, cor. Park — Beautifully furnished
rooms, single or en suite.
POWELL. 2024 — A sunny front room with
bath, S10.
BCOTT. 503— Nfcely furnished front room to
let- i i
SECOND. 149— Nice front sunny room; parlor
to let this week; transient: very moderate.
SIXTH. 143 — Rooms to let, with privilege of
light housekeeping.
BUTTER, 1810— Large, sunny, bay-window
front room, with all modern improvements.
THIRD, SOS — I. O. O. F.'s given flat rate 50c
for $1 and 75c rooms; bath; gaa; quiet; resp.
THE Larchmont. 8C1 Sutter— New brick bUg.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths: f3 to S6 week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to fl night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA, 210 — Large, sunny rooms; private
family.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to SI 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. light;; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church »U.
BEST location; excellent table; cheerful, hand-
somely furnished rooms, single or en suite;
moderate prices by week or month; $30 per
month and upward. The Newport. 1018 Pine.
ROOM and board in private family; single or
double; 2 blooks from Park: reference. 26
B et., bet 1st and 2d aves., Richmond Dlst.
O'FARRELL, 1194— Private boarding; sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; terms reasonable
for two.
FRANKLIN, 1518— Sunny single rooms, with
board; bath, phone; reasonable.
A SOCIABLE home, moderate, for a refined
worklngman; good meals. Box 1670, Call.
COMORA. 621 O'Farrell — Large room, with
bath; superior table; fine grounds; rates low.
ELLIS, 1 453— Nicely furnished rooms, with best
of French table board; gool location; reas.
EDDY. 1128, opp. %effcrson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manse.
| FRANKLIN. 1518— Sunny rooms, with board,
$20; alro housekeeping suite: hot, cold water.
HOWARD/ 841 A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk.; American family.
PLEASANT room, excellent home table; eln-
gle. $22 60. Phone West 243. Box 1713. Call.
ROOMS with board: all locations. Phone Clay
836. -; . . - ¦ •. V,
BUTTER. £20— Elegantly furnished eunny
front rooms, with or without board.
ROOM and board . In private family. ..42S V
. Jones at.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California— Bee rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOMS AWDBOABD WAITTH).
ROOM and board by" lady employed daily;: will
render services In exchange. Box 1883, Call.
PERSOZTAI.3.
A— CALL aid »ee our demonstrations, wlta one-
Laif rt t see treated; 1 guarantee to remove
. ¦r-.v.b.L-r.i'y wrinkles, lrec^lee,
brr.alU.ox pining*, etc.;
Restore lo*t contour.
I' rou ce.Mre • trrtb. yjung face, call or
v."rtfe~ UMK (ilLLI.NGHAM. 181 Powell St.
11 RO WELL'S Flro of Llle. a sure cure for
:hrurr.at!*m. Htraljsls. neuralgia, pneumonia.
,:,r« threat, etc Sold ty all druggists tor
rorSVKUS: price 5«r. Manufactured solely
1 / rtu'.Vi^LL <: MP.OWN. ua Turk st. S. F.
". ¦; star Hair P.»-me<Jy restores gray hair, itn-
r'rova Its trow.h, ctepb falling, cures dandruff
i.-id itching scaip; uo stuin or stickiness:
. lea&M *cj!p: ut druggists'. haSrdre««s i ;«c-
<v^t no ecftetttate. btar P.emcdy co-.UJ.3 Poin.
Csr.cerous lump?, sores. Impure blood (affecting
•Un. t.-v>u:h. bonra. *tc> tpeedily cured by
n.;.;. o sp»sc;cli«t from Europe. . Arply Cen *"i 1
Pharmacy. S2S Grant ave._Worst^cases_cure<I.
VvYnTEI> — Ihe) e.dJr»ss of the heirs ot PAT-
RICK 1$. O'CONNOR. *l-.o one to Texas
.bout 1835. Address T. U WREN. Austin.
Texas. \
RAG~ carpets wove to orfler and for sale; also
chenllle-wove nigs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rate* Geo. Matthews. 7t» Fifth st. Oakland.
ilUOS made from old carpets; Ingrain. bru«-
eels tapestry and rnoQuctte; chenille curUlns
woven into new rugs. FluS Rug Factory.
8C2 Market St.. Oakland; take West^^Jgf;
YACHTSMEN ar.J~bus!n«-s« xnen-Ai: kinds
of crawinr end tracing wm De d*>ne cheap
and exactly. Uor m*. CaJL
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIIl
On the worst b«ld head. Call or write.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
AT lees tr.an cost; uncalled for raits.' overcoats
and trousers st CHARLK3 LYONS'. Loado.
Tailor. 721 Market et
TOU can buy fTZ> worth of furniture for $750
down «nd $1 W> prr wmIl T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st-. near PowelL
DEAD — Trance rr.edium; genuine, unique, suc-
oessfaL 328 Eliis st
tTES examined fr~. TWOS. HODSEWOKTH.
optician. 15^4 MarUft St.. rm. 207: est. 18SL
BuprrSuous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. S«a S-Jtter. Mlrs Eaton, 2S3 Geary. r.SS.
ELEGANT ruite te order, extra pants or fancy
vt-rf for }14 75. Fred Wagnes. 850 Market
X*Ar>IES and ger.t3err.en. you will find best hair
tonic In the *crid at 1S10 Tutter st.
mWSANT SOlt to ord>r * 1 ex. rair pants. $15.
LEON taatO3. 1127 Mkt. »t.. bet. 7th & 8th.
MAGNIFICENT dinmond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN. 1SS Mf>r -^ rn 5^_ Bt -
TAILOTt-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $3 5a
MisSt dothlr.g Parlor, ccr. Uurh and Dupont
VASQVERADE oo*tumcs. r!a>' bry5ka -^.Ti?" :
eountry orders. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. .33 Mkt.
ALFRED KMS Errptlan Il'nna restores pray
hair to its natural color: SI: at all druggists
A WEEK'S rm for 5 cents— Tilt- W'eUy Call.
16 pan<-*. In yrir^'. for maiilnr. i\ r+r y»«r
FinrsxcxAxrs astx» sxraoroirs.
X)H~C~C. O'DONNKLI.— O.'fire and residence^
1021^ Market rt. twt. Cth «nd Tib: particu-
lar attent'oa psli to diseases of women.
W<T>OD skin and rectal diwase* a specialty.
UR. BALL. 1073H Market
SJC^IOVED— DIt WONG HIM. herb doctor.
- treats *>1 diseases of th* human body; for
past lour yrars at 1U.-117 Manon St.. r.ow lo-
cated «t CC7 G^ary «t.. rear Lmven^orth.
\TON« WOO. the farrwjs herb doctor— All di»-
• ..;«•( cured by CWnegi* h<rbs. 74'3-S Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS prtented. F. P. MEDINA, et-
temey-at-law. 0 Hobai-t bldg.. 532 Market «t.
PBOPOSA^S. |
UNIVERSITY, OW CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Kuiliiors and Material
ilTs — Notice ly h-retiy Kivn that sealed bid*
• r* solicited -for pericrrainj the labor ana j
ttmlsbfas; the materials for the st.iirwork. i
asd also (this h!J to be «-j>arat* from the
forgoing) tor the roofing and sheet metal ,
mork for California Hall, on the grounds of. j
tf.e University cf California, at Berkeley, |
«"«lifcriia. tnd said bids, on either one or j
rr. both uud«-rtakiTi£s. will I* received at the
«rffice of the l!rc«>r:;y. South Hall. Berkeley
dt or before 12 IE. of September 24. l:K>4.
No bid., will b* considerro unless accom-
1 ..::•¦¦ by a c<Tttfied rhtck or bond of bidder, i
in f»vcT of the Rrgciits of the University ot j
Calslorriia, enual to t»-n <10) p<r cent of his
bid »ith sufficient euretks, conditioned that
If *aid bid be accepted, the bidder will du!y
«"nter into « ito;>*t contract and Rive bond to
jwrfcrm faithfully the duty ar.d oMIgations in
t '¦-.'¦¦ »!th raid bid and with the plans
and »-;i*>c-'.flcations which ere hereby required
to l>« a yart of men contract. The right tj
roj«.t any or all lilds is hereby reserved
Uy ord<r of the Committee on Grounds an!
Buil'Mnc* of ii>e Itnani of Uog-nts.
V. H. HKXncnyQX. 'Acting gecr-tary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. B*rk->y:
Notice tc Contractors. )'u.M--rs and M.it-n;.l
i« rIi — Notice is hereby jrlven that scaled bld»
ere »oli< ited for jerforming the labor and
rnrUshinC the material* for the fireproof j
floors and roof and the framing fcr rkylight
of California Hall, on the grounds of ih»
l"riv^n.:ty of California. »t Berkeley, Cali-
fornia: and ssid I4d« »i!l be received at the
office o? tht Regent*. South UalL Berkeley.
rr rr b»!or«- & t-. m. nf September 29. 1904.
No Mds will Ij' 1 <-onj'!a>reJ unless acoom-
Xanled by a certified check or bond of bid-
der, in favor of the Regents of the University
nf California. *c,u»l to ten <10) per cent of |
bis I. id. with fjfficier.t »>uretl»y. conditioned
•fcst if *a'-d Md he accepted the bidder will
<*u!y ent*r Into proper contract and give
brrhi 1f> f»lthJu!ly rv rf orm tlie duty an<*. ol>-
Ugationr in ucrcrdance with ssid bid and
with the rlatis «r.d epeciflratlons which are
r;rreby i-cquired to be a part of such contract.
liy orJer of the Committee on Grounds and I
BuIliMncs of th* I^ard "f Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Actlnir Secretary.
f HALEI> proposal*, in duplicate, will be re-
<-*-!v**d at AI<-*traj: Island. Cal.. until 2 p.
m.. Octo^r 21. l'.KM. fcr the purchase ,,f
«w,<Jerr!n«>il finance snd ordnance stores. !
OBtali'KUff gi\inc quantities, condition, etc.. j
«-«n be had on application to Lieutenant A.
f. K:icwW. Thtrtrenth Infantry.
_ STORAG E AITDJW AltEHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnttur*.
ruius»r.o!d goods 6tcre«3. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard rt.. nf. Third: phona Grant 1«L
A — GILBERT & STOLL Slorat* Co.; storage,
pecking. «n!ppir.p: warehouse. G. U. and Van !
Ners: o!fW 117l> Market, t/ 43: tr! South 750.
CAPITAL V*r md Ftorag- Co.. .1 FMdy st.:
rhc:j» Mint -J941 : JOHN F. COOPER. pre».;
.fUTBitar* rm vM. rsckt-d. *hir.pe<i ind stored.
PfERCE-ROUOLl'II Storjre & Moving~Co7~ofI I
Bee. Port «rd I'cwtU ut«. ; t*l. Prl. Ex. 571. |
CONKLIN'S Storare— Furniture and morchar.- I
cite. SH." Gr.:den Gste ave.; pnon« Has: 12*. I
GOLDEN W«-*t StPrage: advance* made. S4\) '
Mi*f'o:i ft.; tel. Howard 311. F. W. Zrhfuss.
PACIFIC Btorag* and Kumit-jr- llovlng r C m-
>»r.y. 2i20 Fiilmnre rt.: pboa» Jackson 2S1.
HnX!N5- Van and Mr:«r« Co.. II Montgomery
«t.; ttl. Vain T"0. Snipping at cut rate*.
crwnro sxackxxtes and supplies. \
THE WHITE .IS KlNG.-tA^ "
Tbe Wb»« Grant! Is the rnoct eon.plet* *»w-
Irg machine on f*nh; !:r.est furniture Smest I
eti«cr.rn.rt!>: rr.ak» botli lock and automatic
rtitch: f«ee tbla «<-.r.1eriul rr.»<-h«n<. m tne j
Wb!te Co.'s new r«-t»!i orftcc. 915 Market <t. :
DOMESTIC- Tbe mach.r- for fzn:'iy use; best !
if crsc»r«rrt: *eti't»d-r-.Hn4 all :iukr« at «ny I
I-rtc*: all kind* rented lowest :*tr». Domes- '
tic office, lu^l Market »t.. n«er Sixth. '
A NEW Home, the t*et *e^ond-hj»:id rmchiae" '
*:: kin£r. tv rr.. Jv t-i*r»n<-.-i ; where the !
<o!l» *winr tn the wlr.dow. l<tt| Market «. '
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
TOE er.nual meeting cf the Jot owners of the
Otfc r>!!o«k' Crrr.f.ery »US be held on MOK.
T»AT. fc»ptemb*r 2«. 1IK-4. «t » a. m.. at '.he
'•rfioe of *.be aesocinuon. Point Lobos jve.. ¦
for the election or tn-«t»*» and raeb other i
tuslness that m«y t»e >rml!y broujht before
!t By order <.f tbe Paerd of Trj»vee«.
WILLIAM E LT.TZ. i'reslJen*
CKCRCr PENLINOTGN. Secretary.
TTPrwsrrrBs attd surppiiEa.
AN exceptionally gool Ne. J Remington. Ko. I
Hrr.S:h Premier. f2T,: ctber t>T>*wrIter» at
higher ar.a lower prices: rentals f 2 M. The
Typewriter Exdtar.g-. S."6 California tt.
SJVHAND typewriter* *cM. rented. »ep»lr»d.
Web»ler Typewriting Itupec. Co.. SOS Market.
tsrorpows to tow paradeT
tTJ.KTS anfl windows to v!«v paraile. 100s£
O- •::!¦".. cu-oer Xn.-t. Powell anj 12£&y «ts. ;
' :-:fj* bay windo«-s. Apply 3 Eddy, room S.
i!A njvET. 1019— FJneM and best vlru- in city;
rear, to partii'St. rlngle > « ¦ •«. ]«ri.
" LE&AssoncJs.
iV.\N r TCRt:rT 8ALn— Lumber mill at' "Marsh"
f eld. Oregnn. with oomj>lcle outflt. and C40
bcree of line tisibcr !:.ti<i. at put>llc auction
OctcbT 1. 1304. at Cc^uilie C".t". Tor particu-
'.nr* »rt)ly JOSEPH K1HK. Attorney Ocard
of Trade. SC2 Market Bt., or FRANK A
MAN>I r lEI^l>. SOC g«n«ome »t. -
J HAVE purchased the calocn blislne«9 for-
merly conducted by A. A. LONG. Unown as
she White House, at Coltna. AM outstanding
a« count* murt be presented for rarment
»;:l.:n i days. W. V. SrENCZR.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEEKELET BEAX ESTATE.
19 ROOMS. ~19~ROOMS. 19 ROOMS.
$6500— Only $6500 for this beautiful prop-
erty; only 4 blocks of university buildings;
suitable for boarding or rooming house or
can be used as a double house without extra
expense. Thla is a snap and must be sold
at once.
$.5100 for new 2-story house of 6 rooms;
1 block of cars; 4 blocks of station; S block*,
of university grounds; street work complete;
only $500 cash, balance $25 per month. In-
cluding interest and princliial at 8 per cent.
MORAN & SWAIN,
Opposite Berkeley station,
BERKELEY, CAL.
DON'T READ THIS
With indifference If in search of a home in
Berkeley; here's your opportunity; think of
it; 4 large, well-improved lots; 3 frontages;
larca 10- room liouse, barn, orchard and
various minor Improvements: 4 minutes to
Ashby station; nne location; good neigh-
tf>orhood, and all for $6000; don't hesitate.
Inquire of my agent.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.,
2149 Center St.. Phone Derby 32.
BEBgELET 3OOMS.
LARGE furnished front room; windows east
south, west 2311 Durant ave., Berkeley.
FRUITVAIE ADV'T ? SMNTS
PETJITTALE EEAL ESTATE.
FRuiTVALE*RE AL~ESTATE. '
CHARLES F. LEE, \ Phone Vale 298.
Office, one-half block from Ftultvale station.
$600 caah— Beautiful home 'of 4 large rooms,
high basement, concrete foundation; fine well
of water; all sat out in small fruits; will make
a fine chicken ranch: no cold fogs or heavy
winds; nestles at the base of the foothills;
street cars, schools, church and postofflce close
by; flno sandy loam soil: nearly one acre of
ground: prlci. all told. $2000: this is a snap.
CHARLES F. LBE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
FOR SALE— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
Kast Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'3TT3
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXI^AMTP BE AX ESTATE.
$3,500— Beautiful corner lot In Linda Vista,
77x126; could subdivide.
11,800 — Beautiful home of 6 rooms; lot 32x150;
North Oakland; a good buy.
$2.400— 6-room liouse; large pantry and
closets; house not two years old; on
Thirty-second St.. near Grove. j
117 :
$3.250 — New \\i- story house on Thirty-sec-
ond tt; 5 rooms and bath; all con-
veniences.
1343
$3,450 — 6-room hungalow in best residence
district; large lot; should be investi-
gated.
1367
$10.000 — Fine property in growing locality;
lot 75x100, with house of 13 rooms; will
Increase in value rapidly.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT,
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
EASY TERMS— PRICE MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
canitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
trlo fixtures: swell blrdseye maple mantel: fuel
gas main: every room sunny; large terraced
lot In lawn; ample room for driveway and
stable; between Grove street and Telegraph
ave., facing boulevarded street: the most com-
plete in the city; 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco; location exceptionally dry and
thermal. Remember. Telegraph ave. is soon to
be bitumlnized to Fortieth st., increasing con-
tiguous values: 545 37th st; key at owner's,
667 37th St.. or at
HARRY L. HOLCOMB'S
Office, 314 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
The above home ready for IMMEDIATE
occupancy.
$1000 CASH. $12 monthly: chicken ranch: cot-
tage of 3 rooms; brooding-house. 14x30: barn,
12x16; 2 fine chicken-houses. Al brooder, 2
incubators. 12 lots, 150x256; all fenced and
cross-fenced; fine well of water; sandy loam
eoi!; an ideal ranch for chicken business;
near electric cars and large public school.
etc.; adjoining East Oakland; call or send
i for circular. 435 Seventh st, opposite Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Land Owner.
FRANK P. LEE. 911 BROADWAY.
A GENUINE bargain; modern, sunny cottage;
5 rooms; porcelain bath and sink; gas and
fixtures; lot 45x100; cast frontage, between
Broadway and Telegraph ave.; near Key
route; would rent for $18 per month; price
reduced from $2150 to $1945; must be sold
at once.
A SNAP.
$2750 for a fine cottage of 6 rooms; large re-
ception hall, large lot; all street work done;
*5OO cash, balance on terms if desired. I*. C.
LASSEN & CO., 4C6 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
i ¦ '
LOOK THESE UP.
For sale — Two flats in elegant location; fine
Income property; a genuine bargain; also lot
in Mountain View Cemetery, 122 square feet
I erring; perpetual care. Addrees box 1402. Call
I office. Oakland.
FOR sale — 10 acres of land In the suburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
lots; electric cars to the property; would ex-
change for improved property In San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. E. BISHOP, 466 Tenth
st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent en investment; on Telegraph ave.. oppo-
rlte Idora Park. Address box 1398. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room modern house; basement
attic, large grounds, stable; nice locality;
easy walk to cars, locals and schools: lease;
furnished In part. $40; unfurnished, $35, in-
cluding house water: references required.
BUTTERS & BUHRING. exclusive agents.
408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.; phone Red CS82.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth at.,cor.store,Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
% BO OKS TOR HOTJSEXEEjPrNO.
BRYANT. 421— One large room for house-
keeping; ras.
EDDY, 804 — Housekeeping rooms: first floor;
front rooms; light and sunny.
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1535 — 5 sunny rooms
complete; $15 per month, or 3 fcr $10: sepa-
rate entrance.
FOURTH, 225 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: also single rooms.
GEARY. 1225 — Furnished suite, complete for
housekeeping; private bath; bay window;
rent $20 per month.
GOLDEN GATE. 631— Nicely furnished single
rooms fcr housekeeping.
KEMILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
JESSIE. 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms,
furnlrhcd, 2 beds, coal and gas range, $4
week; other rooms $3 and $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Eunny furn'thed 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, ftlectria lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1033. corner Turk /Jefferson square)
— Vacant 30th Inft. ; handsome rooms; un-
furnished or partly; reasonable. :,
LEAVEN WORTH, 606 — Two sunny rooms, fur-
nlfchcd or unfurnished, for housekeeping. -
MAYBELLE, 2C2 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
fur. 2 & 3 room suites, sing, rms.; gas, bath.
MCALLISTER, CS3 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; regular kitchen; call be-
fore 4 0. m.
MCALLISTER, "ll — Housekeeping well-furn.
front rms.; large, clean; also furn. rooms.
MISSION. 1013 — Front housekeeping room; gas
stove, folding bed: $12 per month; adults.
I MISSION. 1210 — Furnished housekeeping
I rooms; complete: no children.
i MISSION, 275S — Two furnirhed reams; iunny;
! bath; gas for cooking; $12 month.
MISSION, 1729^— Furnished rooms, with fold-
Ing bed, stove. $C; also front room.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let: all locations.
Phone Clay ffeO, or call 117 Sutter st.
I OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— Per month, $4, furnished; one left
only, bath; clean; sunny.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Larce suite for
housekeeping; gas range; sink; $15..
POLK. 605— Parlor alcove suites; small kitch-
en; sunny; bath, gas stove; phone; $18, $20.
SACRAMENTO. 3019— Second floor. 3 or 4
' rooms, bath: partly furnished or unfurnished;
also elegant parlor suite;, new carpets;
kitchen If desired; low rent -
Ella B. Littlefield. and father of George R-
and P. A. Littlefield. a native of Maine,
aged 74 years 8 months and 20 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Doric Lodce No. 21C
F. a-id A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, via 3:30 v. m. train from Third and
Towr.sen<i streets.
LYNDE— In this city, September 21. 1904,
"Emily M. Lynde, wife of the late William
C. Lynde, and dearly beloved mother of Dr.
Lollta B. Day, and sister of Walter and
Albert Fernald, a native cf Winterport, Me.,
aged 09 years.
MACPHEltSON-In this city. Sestember 21.
1004, Grace Lillian. MacDherscn, a native of
L03 Anueles, Cal., azed 22 years 9 months
and 10 days.
C7"Notk-e of funeral hereafter.
McGRAW— September 20. 1004. at her resi-
dence, 9J5 Chestnut street, Oakland, Cal.,
Sarah Ellen, wife of Edward W. McGraw,
aged 5C vears and 10 days.
JC7"Funeral private.
NAGLE— In this, city, September 19. 1904. at
his residence, 742 C street. Richmond Dis-
trict, Peter Buck, beloved father of James
L., Charles G. and Peter B. Nagle, Mh.
Catherine F. Brown, Mary C. and Clara CL
Nagle. a native of Canada, aged 77 years 10
months and 19 days. (Buffalo, N. V.. papers
pleaee copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
NOONEN — In this city, September 20. 1904.
- John, beloved husband of Caroline Noonen.
a native of Albany, N. Y.. aged 76 years 4
months and 8 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Thurs-
day), at 1 p. m.. at his late residence. 1511
Sacramento street, thence to Masonic Temple,
corner of Post and Montgomery streets, where
services will be held at 2 p. m.. under the
auspices of California Lodge No. 1. F. and
A. M. Interment private.
O'FARRELL— In San Luis Obispo County.
Cal. September 20. 1004. Anthony J.. be-
loved son of John J. and the late Honora
O'Farrell. and brother of John G. and
Joseph A. O'Farrell. Mrs. C. Lowry. Mrs.
James L. Curran, Mrs. P. J. Watson and
Mrs. Alice Bowers and Sister Mary
Aloysius of Grass Valley. Cal., a native of
Grass Valley, Cal.. aged 24 years and 10
months.
(C^VTlonds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:3l> a. m.. from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. C. Lowry, 3$25 Twenty-
fifth street, thence . to St. Paul's Church,
¦where a solemn reauiem mail will be cele-
brated for t*e rencae of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
PATTERSON— In this city, Seotember 21.
11)04. William Mackie. brother of James and
Alexander Robb Patterson, a native of Scot-
land, aged 3-1 years 8 months and 19 days.
CFuneral services at 'i p. m. Friday.
September -3, at the parlors of N. Gray A-
Co., 353 Sutter street.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, September 21,
l'JOt, at her residence. 1613 Clay street,
Mary Acnra, wife of William Schweitzer,
and beloved mother of Edith Schweltier, and
daughttr of Patrick a-nd Mary Rlley. and
sister of Mrs. Eusene Murphy and John.
Henry. Anita, Klizabeth and Florence
Riiey, a native of Wisconsin, aged 21 years
and 3 days.
SHAEN— In this city, September 20, 1904.
Joseph, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Shaen. and father of Mrs. Rotowsky, Jacob.
Aaron. Samuel and Peter Shaen. a native
of Germany, aged 76 years and 5 months.
IT7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10:15 a. m., at
his late residence 1312 Webster street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
train. Kindly omit flowers.
SHIVELY— In this city, September 20. 1904.
Lewis Shively. father of Henry Lawrence
Shlvely of New York and Mrs. Edward J.
Fowler of this city, a native of Ohio, aged
70 years. (Los Angeles, Cal., and Chicago
papers please copy.)
ITTTricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tt<e funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 a. m., from 109 Walnut
street. Interment private. Kindly omit
flowers .
TOTMAN— In this citv ( September 21. 1904,
Leslie G., beloved husband of Hattle M.
Totman. and brother of E. J., Russell J.,
Isaac C. and Zada Totman. Mrs. F. E.
Toombs, R. SDencer and J. R. Clevland, a
native of Marysville, Cal.. aged 47 years 9
months and 17 days. A member of San .
Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights of the Royal
Arch, and Bartenders' International League,
Local No. 41.
E7"Frifnd3 and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
September 23, at 2:15 p. m., from his late
residence, 109 Perry street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via the 3:30 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend street depot.
WADE— In this city, September 21, 1904,
James, beloved husband of Jeannle L. We'
and father of Freddie J. Wade, a natlv. •
Scotland, ased 40 years 11 months and ...
daya.
WALL— In this city. September 20, 1904. Mar-
garet Wall, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
C7 Remains at the parlors of Carew &.
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.NHT.- TOP.ZC. Kert. n.— r>.< recovery in the
«tock jnsrljpt to-day »t.-- pencrally acceptel as
proof that the -cais had been cvcr-prccipitatc
In ccllir.g Khort yesttrdsy and felt cbllrcd to
bt-y rtocks to cover. T^o weather rows from
. tJ-? West rr.c'f it evident that the fears cx
fr< > «~d yrftcrday of frcst darr.rjre had not been
T»-alizcd. ov,ir.a: partly, it vras bslicvcd. to the
clt.cdy '¦oncitlcns. which ravod the crop from
fciTiocfc drr.irr?. YeFlPr<2ay** rtlllrg fcr T\'c?t
n-n account wait on an enormous roale, bzsed
on tho f,rori>':-cir' of frcEt dajnsrrc The warmer
weather of /to-day cor.scpurnily drove a larse
»l:ort ir.tcrcpt to rover. There was seme rc
mainfns epprchension cf further frosts to-t:!nl>t
cnO tli«? date of the maturity of the crop in
now'ticlteved i0 bl * latrr than was recently fujj
f.!;«rd. thus ?•xtending- the period of uncertainty
»v»-r the outcome.
E ut tbe immediate conditions . to-day war*
New York Stock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about Vifilc under quotations. Heavy aaltel
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. SHc; Cow
I Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light;
, Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. »^c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf. lie;, dry Hides. 18V»c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25^
; 40c each; short Wool. 40tftt3c each: medium.
7.va9Oc: long Wool. $181 50: Horse Hides.
1 salt. $2 75 for large and $2iQ2 5O for medium.
I $1 25^1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
: Hides, dry, $1 75 for larse and Si 30 far me
' (Hum. $101 23 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck SklM — Dry Mexican, 30c; . firy salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 20c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c: extra large do,
: $1 25* large. 50c; medium. 35o; small. 20;.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 494 lie per lb;
No. 2. 8 fte: Grease. 2%®3c
WOOL — Fall cllp^ — San Joaquln and South
ern. 0@llc; Southern. 8#0e; Southern Moan
. tain. - 8311c: Middle Counties, free, I2«*Hc :
do defective, 10©12c; Northern free. 123Hc;
Hides, Tallozv, Wodl and Hops.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Money on call-
Firm. Iii.raeit, 2; lowest, l-">4; ruling rate 2"
ls.n loan. >'; c!os;!r.g b'.d. l',i; offered at 1V1-
Time iojns— Firm. Sixty days. 3 per cent;
rireiy d-y?. -UO3!4 i-cr cent; six months, 3&
Prime mercantile *>£per~4Si5 per cent.
Sterling rtchnnri — V". ak. orUh srtual busi
ness tn banker*' bills at *4.SC1*3:4.SC15 for de
tna-xi and at J!.S"s< r ;'i4.S.':S.'i for »i*ty day bii;«.
Pctcd rctcs — $1 t-i' l '-(a4 W and $1 S7@4 67 M
Commercial t:ils— $4 S2!5^ 64.
B.~j- silver— 37 Uc
Mexican <:c!ls:s— 4S<4c.
Voois— Ccvcraxnenu. firm; railroads, Irreju
ltr.
Nczv York Money Market.
I EASTEHX MARKETS, j
Previous conditions rule in this market, trade
being quiet. Brokers* wires from Cnlcago yes
terday said: "Market took an upward torn
early and this brought free liquidation and
the early advance was lost. Shipments of
Meats and Lard are large, but receipts' of
Hogs at the yards were heavier and prices a
littie easier. The situation aeems a healthy
one. Packing interests seed generally looking
for higher prices."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, ll'i-c for light median He for light.
14 He 'or extra- light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 1094c; Bellies, 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams 13%e; Mess Beef. $lC©10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $11^11 50; Family. $12©12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear, S24:
Mesa. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10«4c; Pig Pork,
$26; PIrs" Feet. S3: Smoked Beef. Mo per lb,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6»£o per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. &%c: 10-lb tins. lOlic; 5-lb tins. lOfte;
3-lb tins. lO'.ic
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 6%e: three
half bbls. SUc; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%e per It).
Provisions.
• Chicago.
"~CHICAGOr~'Sept. 21. — CATTLE — Receipts,
20.000, including 2000 westerns. ¦ Good, steady;
others, dull. Good to prime steere, $5 noji>
6 13; poor to medium, $3 50®3 15: stockers
and feeders, %2 2304; cows. $1 60@4 50;
heifers, S2<£4 73; canners, $1 50@2 40; bulls,
J2®4 10; calves, $3<&t) 23 ; Texas fed steers,
$3 50*?5; western steers, $3 25@4 65.
HOGS — Receipts — To-day, 21,000: to-mor
row, 12,000;. market 5c lower. Mixed and
butchers, $5 70®6 25; good to choice heavy,
$(5g>6 15; rough heavy, $5 60®3 90; light,
$5 T.TqO 23; bulk of sales, $5 &5Q6 03.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23,000; sheep, steady:
lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers, $3 CO®
4 15; fair to choice mixed, $3 30Q3 75; native
lair>bs, ?4<ftB; Western sheep, $3@4; Western
lainbf, $4Q5 20.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 21.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 14,000; steady. Native steers, S3 75®
6 25; native cowa and heifers, $1 GO® 4 75;
mockers and feeders, $2 25@4; bulls, $1 75^
3 50; Western steers, $3@4 50; Western Cows,
$1 5C@3 23.
HOGS — Receipts. 6000; market Be lower.
Bulk of sales, $3 85®5 00; heavy. $5 85«f
ft 95; packers. $5 SOf?G; pigs and light, $5 75<&
5 95.. •'¦¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; steady. Muttons,
$:. 25&3 90; lambs, $4®5 49; range wethers,
$3 25©3 80; Ewes. $2 75#3 37^. •
Omaha.
OMAHAJ Sept. 21.'^ : CATTLE— Receipts,
8500: steady to a shade lower. Native steers,
$3@8; cows and heifers, S2 23®3 50: Western,
steers, S3@4 GO; Texas steers. $2 75@3 60;
rango heifers. $2@3 30: canners, $1 50@2;
Calves, $3@5 60: bulls and stags, $2 75®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 650O; strong. Heavy. $5 63
©5 80: mixed. $5 73®5 80; light. $5 80®5 95;
pigSvJ4 70@5 50; bulk of sales, $4 75(95 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000: steady. Wetbers.
$3 5Ofi3 80; ewes, $3@3 60; common and stock
ers. $2 50@3 75; lambs. $4 50S5 35.
* *
I Miscellaneous Market. |
CHICAGO. Sept. 21— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm:
Creameries, U&19c: dairies. 12'/i@16c. Eggs,
firm, 14tf?17%c; firsts. ISc, prime firsts, 20c.
Cheese, firm, 8>4@9%c.
* . *
I CATTLE, SHEEP. AND HOGS, j
Exchange and Bullion.
*j 1
Sterling Exchange was fractionally lower.
local. ';':•"
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..."- — %i sn;
Sterling Exchange, sight —y 4 86*4
Sterling Exchange cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 02^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — B7'.i
Mexican Dollars — 46
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 215H
Berlin on London .20.41
Paris on London \ 25.21 Vi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were higher.
Chicago was weaker on the day. The wires
or E. F. Hutton & Co. said:
"There was quite heavy liquidation early In
the day, but the market took It so well that
the pit concluded Armour must be buying
through brokers. This was a guess. There
was some buying on strength in Paris and the
reduced estimate by the French Millers' Asso
ciation on the French crop. . Inasmuch as
Wheat Is worth something less than 90c per
bushel to ship to Paris, tho wisdom of this Is
hardly apparent. There were again large re
ceipts at primary markets and a good milling
demand for good Wheat.' The off grades were
not in good demand. There Is etlll plenty of
bullish sentiment, but It has not the force
that it had a week or ten days ago. Traders ara
more disposed to scalping operations and to
watch movement and demand."
In this market futures were strong, with a
good buying demand early, but the appear
ance of selling orders depressed prices later
on. Trading was active. The cash grain was
firm, and sellers tried to get an advance, but
did not succeed.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 50; California White
Australian. $1 55@1 U2',.i; Northern Club. $1 40
©1 60; Northern Bluestem. $1 57&S1 t!2ft per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Op«n. Hiffh. Low. Closi.
December ...81 51% $1 52ft $1 51 ',4 $1 51=i
2 p. m. Session.
Open. H!trh. Low. Close.
December ...$1 51 % $131% $1 51 SI 51^
BARLEY — The feeling was firm all around,
but prices showed little change. Choice bright
Feed continued scarce. There was good trad
ing in futures.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 05&1 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12fc@l 17"- Chevalier. $1 17ii@l 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HlKh. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11 $1 11 |1 10ft $1 11
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 11.
OATS — All descriptions are firmly held at
unchanged quotations.
; Arrivals continue ample, as usual when the
new crop Is coming forward.
White.' $1 37^4«U 47fc; Surprise, $1 50@l 60;
j Red. $1 221401 42V4 for feed and $1 37%©
1 47 K for *•¦«•<!; Black. $1 30&1 33 for feed and
! $1 50€l 65 for seed.
CORN— There is nothing new to report. The
I condition of the coming crop . is the predom-
I inatlng feature of the market at pressnt. All
I sorts of estimates are being made and indl
j vldual estimates are uniformly below those of
the Government, which indicate a crop of 2.
• 333,000,000 bushels, based on conditions exist
ing September 1. This market continues quiet
and featureless.
Western sacked. $1 4U4@1 45 for Yellow,
$1 47Hffl W> for White and $1 37%®1 40 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 50; raall
round do $1 55®1 02^: While, nominal: Egyp
tian. $1 33@1 45 for White and $1 23@1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 35®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80(fJ
! 6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7O@5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85£/4 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. S3 25 per 1C0 lbs;
' Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. 82 73; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. 82 50; extra cream do. 83 00;
Oat Meal 83-75; Oat Groats. 54; Hominy.
$.1 C0@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, 8i; Cracked
Wheat 83 50: Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $ti 50@7 50; In
sacks' 84 25; Pearl Barley, . $D; Split Peas,
i boxes. $3 CO; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
i Hay and Feedstuff s.
\-_' ~~ ~~ ~~ . c ¦¦-. ":
i Everything under this head remains about
ss previously quoted. The circular of Somers
i & Co. says of Hay:
'Exceedingly light arrivals of hay have been
noted for tho past ten days previous to yes
' tcrday. at which time the hay blockade was
broken, and cars which had been standing on
: the country sidetracks for from one to three
weeks were started on their way to market,
158 of them having arrived thus far. It is
reported that there are still from 400 to 500
cars yet remaining that should have been mar
keted here long since. In eplte of the fact
that we have been receiving such light ship
ments there has been no very great improve
ment in the situation here, for the fact that
large quantities of hay wept on their way to
market was universally known. The market
has naturally been a bit hungry for hay. .but
by the time the, remaining cars are landed
bere everybody will be overcrowded again.
'Local trade continues unchanged, -with a
still marked decrease In the demand from that
of last season or the year preceding. In all
3300 tons have arrived during the week and
practically all of this has gone for town con
sumption the export demand being very light.
Rumors of large Oriental orders reach us from
time to time, but thus far nothing has come
of them. -
"The greater bulk of the hay now arrivln?
Is of rather cheap quality. Choice wheat hay,
which is a bit scarce this season. Is being
greatly sought for, while the other grades
seem to be dragging. Straw has been crowded
off the market by a great amount of cheap
hay. and tame oat hay, which seems to be In
such abundance this season, is also meeting
with some disfavor. Occasional shipments of
fancy wheat hay sell above quotations, but
other grades continue about as before."
BRAN — $20®21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 824©28 per ton.
SHORTS— S20<g 1 21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23*323 CO per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. t $31 50^32 50:
lobbing $33: Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal $30 50@3l 50: Cracked Corn. 'S51(?32: '
Mixed Feed. $22622 60; Horse Beans, $3u?j4O
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90e per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. 5S®12 5O. wlth-S12@13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. 8S&11; Oat. $8©
10 50* Barley and Oat; $7®9; Volynteer Wild
Oat $0 50a S SO: stable, S7Q8 60; stock. $5 60
@7;' Clover, 87 6009 60; Alfalfa. $7@10 60 per
ton. . •'
STRAW— 35©50c per bat».
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for Beans are largely at sea, for
the market at present Is neither one thins nor
the other Old stock is about disposed of and
the new crop has not yet come In sufficiently
to establish a settled range of prices. Con
siderable fluctuation may be expected from
now on. Bayos are temporarily firm, as the
supply on the spot Is light, but Pinks are not
W! RKANS— Bayos. $2 ir.(£2 40; Pea. $3£3 25;
Butters, $2 75(33; small White. $2 50@3;
large White. $2 1502 40; Pink. $2 4002 75;
Red 84; Lima $3 70® 4; Red Kidneys. $4 25;
BlarkeyeR. $2 40S2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 85®2 40. .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ;> Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax, $1 90®2 25; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15«?15»4c: Rape. I^@2^e; Timo
thy 8tfc;Hemp. 3Vi«3Hc per lb; Millet. 2%
©314c; Broom Cora Seed. J2Q@21 per too.
l'icp.'ltiw. but not such as to cause e.ny wide
vpread darDace to'corn. Opinions rtill remain
%'err nmh rrJx»<J ai« tQ the future trend of
vslijet In the mcrlte?. Generallr cpeakln?,
hewever. a etrrK Ber.t'.meiit prevails that we
1 zw b>>*ti the top for a time at In; t. possibly
\.r.'H after the *l»<".icn.
COTTON — Li\-erpoo! opened vrith «r>ot sales
cT 4<>00 bale."" nr.<J pricey irr»!ralar and un
c'ltng'ed. Tt;e weather wm cot considered un
favorable. thoarS thrr* were some heavy rains
In Alabama and Mlf>«!?s'.ppl. Our market
cr*ri»-(5 firm sr.d five to ten points up. and on
vlfrorou* buying by the bull clique edvanc«d
e»»!ly 15e to " r JC further. There seems to be
Ittt> cotton for saJe. Spinners may give up
the idea of irsitinc any ehrsp cotton and come
tu en<! buy the i.ctr.r.! stuff. If so we may
have a further advance. Tbe rood buslne«a
lfc!t »e*k In the South In spots Is due more
to fllllnc September contract than anything
e!se. tVUlc we h«!:cve In much higher prices,
t!:e ma'liet hat had sn adrsac* of about elxty
X oir.ti in tw 0 days acd w* think Instead of a
further a-Jvaace - e should havs a . reaction
from tlie prea«r.t bleb prices.
C< iFFi^T— The ccSee market bad a strong
©pei;ln^ to-<ia.y en The very strong cable* from
¦ broad and the recript ef v<^y builleh crop
r,f«. Tt>» croj> cables were to the «ffrct that
tibm flawertr.ir \r wcry Poor and that the crap
is *o scver'Iy frjur*<: thst even with p^x>d
flowering th'y will be unable to fruit.
VTtna U<rm Wall street to E. F. Hutton &
Cc yesterday eaid:
fTOTKf^-Thf strong rally In to-day's mar
l*t. couple with good buying in foine Issue*.
reflected the fact that the banking Interests
Jit* *<Tf not Influenced by crop-damage re-
I rts of yesterday. In lact. It was the trader
that threw over Ms commltmrnts and a little
nore in yesierflay*s operations. News from
tV Northwett ir^lcated heavy frost in some
Honey Is lower, as sellers have become tired
of holding it and are letting it go at re
duced prices. The decline has l«d buyers, who
have hitherto held off. to enter the market,
and the goods are now moving. There are
oomo very handsome lots of comb on the mar
ket at present. •
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, 7%@9*4c for
Royals and 9® 12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
5 ; ;i®7c; Peaches. e%e8^c per lb; Pears. 7®
J2c; Plums, pitted. 6©SVic for black, ses»*c
for red and 7ffSHc for yellow; Klgs. 2-rrown
bricks, 52ijc; 3- crown. 63c; 4-crown. 63c; 0
crown. 7fic; bulk white. ii'.^iJUc; black. 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 5 ] ,sO7c per lb.
PRUNES — 1 1 ..*j.l* t c per lb for the four sizes,
RAISINS — 1304 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 2^2 00; Dehrsa. ?1 S3?J2:
London Layers. SOc£?$l; Loose Muscate's. 4
crown. 3Vi©4c; 3-crown 3@:>%c; 2-crown.
2',*«f2%=: Se*dles». 2M«irt2Hc: Floated, 2%c;
Thompson's Seedless. 4 Vic; Seedless Sultanas,
:;ji:;'.«c. 19C3 crop — Loose Muscatels. 2@2*ic;
Seedless l?4c; Floated, 2c; Pacifies I%tf3fee;
Seeded. 3V4e4ijC. MaUgas. l»ie2Ue per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sortshell. r.'jSHc;
No. 2. im«12c; No. 1 hardshell. l.'^lSHe:
No. 2, llgll^c: Almonds, 16©17c for
Nonpareil:*, U'aH'jC for I X L. 13©14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoe; Pea
nuts, C@7c for Eastern; Pecans, ll'&KJc; C»
coanuts. $4 50©5.
HONEY — Comb, lHi@12c for white and 10©
lie for ambrr; water whlt^ extracted. 5»**J
Cc; light amber extracted. CTUVtc; dark, ZQ
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Stocks, Cotton and Coffee.
Large Sales of Southern Pacific
Bonds the Feature.
Large tales of Southern Pacific bonds w«r«
the feature yesterday morning, as will b«
seen by the list below. The total bond salea
' were $262.0CO on the morning session and
915.0CO In the afternoon, and- the Southern Pa
' cifics constituted $21O.C0O of the day's record.
Shares were dull. There was a fair business In
the Tonorah stocks, but the other mining
shares were quiet.
Tb*- New York and Honduras Rosario Mining
Company has declared a dividend of I per
cent on Its capital mock, payable September 'H.
Tho International Silver Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1 per
cent on the preferred stock, payable October 1.
The United Verde Copper Company of Ari
zona la now disbursing a dividend of 75c per
share, the sixth of that amount d?clared this
year.
An assessment of J10 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the California and
Hawaiian Sugar Refining Company of San
Francisco.
Ttro Gas Consumer*' Association paid a regu
lar monthly dividend of 10c per share. amount-
Ing to $5C00. yerterday.
The Menrenthalcr Unotyp* Company fta* de
clared a regular quarterly dlrldend of Z\m per
cent, payable September 30.
The Whita Pine Cosper Company of Nevada
has levied an assessment of 2Oc per ahara, de
linquent October 21.
Tbe delinquent date of the assessment of 5
cents Der irtiare on Shawmut Oil Company naa
been postponed until October 20. and the sal*
day until November 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.] Bid. Anil.
4s qr coup.. 107 V4 108 |4s qr cp new.l31%132|-i
4s qr r«B.-.106%lC7 ! 3s qr coup...l0o 1G.»i*
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. - — I Oak T Co CaJ"^ —
Asso Oil 5». 70 7014I Do 3s 110 —
Bay CPC 5«. — ir2% Do con ftt. — 10..
Cal C O 5s. — 168% Oceanic S 5s. — 70
Cat G & E ff Om Cable «s. 124 —
m * ct 5s 81 81%; Pac G Im 4s. 95 fl«
Cal-st C 5S.112H — PERT 5s..lO5%lC»
C C Wat 5s. 97%1CO P & C H £101 -
EdL St P 6«.121 125 IP4OR 69.114 — -
V * C H 8« — — |Powell-st 6s. — —
GeTry-st 5™i 30 65 Sac EG*R5s W%101
H r&S 5%s — — SF * 3JV5S.118H —
Do T5s ...:iC0«£ - Sierra R 6s..l00% -
Hon R T 6».1O7 - S P of A Ca
T A Elec 5s. — — (1003) 1CS —
LAI»SI.11»S- I 0910) ...100 -
T \ L Co tiS — S P Of C 68
Do gm 6s - - (1905)Sr A.lOST.lM'j
Do ltd 5s.l<V!%105 U905)Sr B. — 1O7J4
LAP lem 5s.lO2% - nBMJ J?!^?! 1 '
Mkt-»t C 6^114^ — (1912) .....116H11.
Do lcm 6s.m% — SPC1« *f-J!*3* ~
MV& MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd.lTOH —
NRR of C6s.lO6% — S P B R 6sAXi —
Do Ds ....tl!> — S V Wat 6s. 104 104*4
N P C R Sa.105 — Do 4s 2dm.ior> —
N C Ry Bs. — 112 Do 4s 34m. W> —
N C PC S«. — M» Dor mtarls »«% 90
X S B R 5s. — 102%tHtkn GAE«9. *S —
O G LAH r.s — 110\ilU G & E 5s.lO2% —
O W ltd W. - 10O I
WATCH STOCKS.
Contra Co*t» — 37%fPort Conta... — —
Uaritt Co... — 6O |S V Wat Co. 38*» 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C«nt L & P. 3% WlSFOtE. 61% CU
Mutual E U 11 12H Rtkn O A E. — »«4
Pac L Co... S8»i - lUOftECo. - —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — ' 3M> !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bfc.. — 130 |L P ft A....1M —
Anglo- Cal .. — « I Mer TroM....2pn 24«
Bank of Cal.420 425 I Merch Ex . . . 5O MS
Cal Safe Dp. — 15O |S F Natlonl. — —
First Nttlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S * L.2330 - |SaV*L^..- I™
Hum S & L. — I Sec Sav Bk.. — C«
Suwal Sav. - 100 I Union T Co.. - -
S V Sav U.«15 — !
STREET RAILROADS..
•California ..196^200 j Presidio — ?*
Giant 62U 64 t Vl«crlt «*4 3.
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62% — ! MakaweU C. »Vi 2S T ,
SS^ 1 8 ™£ \l «ISSff« I c. U* T.
Kllauea 9 C. 3H 4t»l
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127 123 [Oceanic S- C. 2H —
Cal FC A- S» — 'P»« A<r^ FA tJ H "*
Cal Wine A. S4H W ' Vac C Dor*.15fl —
MVtMtTm. VI — !P»cS Tal Co. 105 —
SALES.
Mornirs Session.
Board— -»'*m
10 HawalUn Coml A Sugar «- "»
25 Ha**aiUn Coml & Su^ar ?>! T^»
1O Honokaa 9 Co *„ 2?
«O Oceanic S S Co - * '*
4ft Paauhau S P Co ; - • • J» *O
$1.«O ErtiKm L A P Co Gi '^2?
93.COO N P C R R » per cent ]<£ 23
9I.fOf> North Shore 3 per cent. .... .1«>2 50
SI0.fCf» S P Cal l»t rcn 5b stamped). 10!» Cjja
$22.C«> Pprin* VaJ 4» ••« «ntg«) 99 12'-,
$100,000 3 P of Arizona (!»«> 10» 25
|lfit\CCO 8 P of Arizona C13U» 10© 25
$5,000 G»ar£«treet Raltway 6s...... «O 00
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Suirar 5s.. 101 00
tSOOONPCRRSpgr cent 105 »
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21. — Cash quotations were
as follows: No. 2 spring wheat, $1 16; No. 3,
$1 0501 15: No. 2 red, $1 10%@l 13%; No. 2
corn, 52Vtc; No. 2 yellow, 53%c; No. 2 oats
30Ti{p31c; No. 2 white. :i3@34c; No. 3 white,
31%«/>33%c; No. 2 rye. 73c; good feeding b&r
ley, 37©38c; fair to choice malting, 44@50c;
No. 1 llaxseed, $1 13; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 21; mess pork, per barrel. $11 37y«@ll !50;
lard, per 100 pounds, $7 15<g7 20; short ribs
sides (loose). $7 MXi" 75; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 6008 75; whisky, l.aei 3 of high
wines, $.1 28; clover, contract grade. $11 75.
Articles — Receipts* Shipments.
Flour, barrels 48,200 9,200
Wheat, bushels 175.000 75,500
Corn, bushels 50S.SC0 702,70i>
Oats, bushels 354,200 218,300
Rye bushels 7,000 !»00
Barley v jjusbelfl 220.300 5,500
% Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seedless,
50©00c; Tokay, 40@75c; Muscat, 35©eoc; Isa
bella. 50@75c; Black, 25<@50c. Large open
boxes — B!ack 65<&J»wc; Tokar 73d»*l Or. Mus
cat. 50ciQ$l: Seedless. 91 25; Win- Grapes.
$lVti22 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. |2 50@3 50 per
box for Valencia*; Lemons, $2 Q0@3 for
fancy, $1 75@'J 25 for choice and $1 2S®1 30
for Standard; Grape Fruit, nominal; Mexican
Limes. $5@5 50 per case; Bananas. $1 ?5£r2
per bunch for Central American and 73c0
91 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3ff4 90 per
dozen. ¦ • ¦
The fruit market was very dull during the
greater part of the day. as local trade was
of a hand-to-mouth character and there was
no movement to speak of In shipping chan
nels. Early tree fruits were weak except
Plums. Prunes and strictly fancy offering* of
Bartlett Pears and Peachfa. Good Crawford
Peaches sold readily at S3#90c per box, but
for Solways. which constituted the bulk of
the supplies. 73c was an extreme figura. Table
Grapes continued abundant and weak and sev
eral lots of Muscat In bulk were sold to can
ners at $15 per ton. Wine Grapes had a fur
ther advance, receipts being moderate and the
demand brisk. Melons were steady for good
stock. Citrus and Tropical Fruits stood as
previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— $.1 ©2 50 per chest for
large varieties and $3@S for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $li&3 per chest.
RASPPERRIE.S- S4^'J r*r chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— CgSc per lb.
( CRANBERRIES— *2 50©3 per box for Coo«
Bay.
APPLES— $1®1 25 per box for fancy 65®
90c for choice and 25©50c for common. "
PEARS — Kartletts. *1@1 X> per box; Win
ter Nellis, >5cfc*l; other winter varieties. 3&9
75c.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 50©90c; open boxes.
50c<g$l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50©85c p«r box or
crate.
POMEGRANATES— 50® COc for small and $1
Ql 50 for large boxes.
PERSIMMONS— *1©1 25 per box.
Qt'INOKS — 2j{j50c uer box.
FIGS— 35(g75c per box. t
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 60cfi$l per crats;
Nutmeg Melons, 25@50c per box; Watermelons.
?1@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOIl WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks. ..14.CT0' Onions ska 576
Wheat ctls 7.1«)IBran. .-»;» 2.41ft
Barley ctls 5. 4S:i Middlings, ska .. *-,>
Oat*, ctls i.K."^' Hay. tons r.flS
Rye, ctls 3«2' Hops, bales 732
Beans, sks 54«> : Sugar ctls 4 0DO
Potatoes, aks ... 2.1»l«l Chicory, bbl* ... 13
Tallow, ctts 2:s»'
OREGON.
Wheat ctls 9.8201 Wool, bates 21
Potatoes, sks ... 10J
Receipts of Produce.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Easy cables, with
weather favorble for the maturing- of the corn
crop, had a weakening influence on wheat at
the opening. The selling was 1 quite general in
character, a lot of long wheat coming out as
soon as trading began. Initial quotations on
December were off %c to %c at Jl 08% to
*1 08%. May was down %@%c to %c at
$1 10% to $1 11. The market secured little
support, during the first hour, and In conse
quence prices declined still further, December
falling off to $1 08% and May to $1 10%. Sen
timent temporarily turned bullish liter In the
day under the influence of a cable dispatch
from Paris giving a private estimate of the
French crop. According to the authority quot
ed, the total yield will show a decrease of
(31,000,000 bushels, according to the official
figures. About this time the Paris market
showed an advance equal to l%c to 2%c- a
bushel. The strong front presented by the
market here was made more pronounced by
advices from St. Louis, where an Improved
demand for flour had developed. The cash
situation also at St. Louis was a source of
comfort to the bull element here, prices being
up from lc to 2c. One of the most prominent
operators In tiie pit was credited with heavy
jiurrlia:< *, and this in itself had much to do
with the advance. On the bulge 'December
sold up to $1 10 and May to $1 11%. Late In
the day, however, the gain was all lost, llb
«r.il profit- taking again forcing prices down
almost to the lowest point of the session. The
market closed weak, with December at |1 Oil.
May closed at $110%. Clearances ' of wheat
and flour were equal to 22.600 bushels.
Reports of comparatively small damage to
the crop by frost during the previous night
and liberal primary receipts caused weakness
in corn. Tho market closed weak and near
the lowest point of the day. December opened
'A@%c to t »iS J }4c lower at 50%c to 50%c. sold
between SOftc and 51c and closed at 50%@
00*,c. ,
Weakness In other grains had a depressing
effect en the oat market. The market closed
at the low point. After oper.lng %@Vic-lowor
at 32%c to 82%c, December ranged between
31T4c and 32Vi4*32%c, closing at 3l%c.
Sympathy with the weakness In grain mar
kets caused a lower market -for provisions.
At the clorc January I»rk wuftiown 17%c at
$13 10, lard wax off 5@7%c at- $7 30. and ribs
cloted at $0*0^0 S2%, a loss of 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Sept., old ... 1 10% 1 10li 1 00% 1 09%
S^pt.. new .. 1 0C% 1 07% 1 00% 1 0C%
December ... 1 0S% 1 10 1 08% 1 09
Way 1 11 1 11% . .1 10% 1 10%
Corn No. 2 —
September .. ."2% -'-^ 61% 52
December ... 50% fit 50>4 50%
May ...... v 50% 50% 49% 49%
September' .T~ 31 ¦ 31 30% 30%
December ... 32% 32*, 31% 31 Jt
May 34% 34% 34% 34%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 11 25 11 SO 11 12% It 37%
January 13 25 13 47% 13 10 13 10
Lard, i>er 100 pounds —
October 7 15 7 22% 7 10 7 15
January 7 42% 7 40 7 27% 7 30
Short Ribs,; per 100 pound*—
October 7 55 7 Ha 7 50 7 52 %
January « S5 t> 92% « 80 6 S2%
Futura* Grain and Provisions.
As already mentioned, the demand for the
upper grades of Butter and Eggs is losing
it.s snap, as prices have got to that point
where buyers bike only enough to satisfy
their momentary requirements. Hence deal
ers are reporting quieter markets for both de
scriptions. The advance In Butter nas 1«J
to offerings from outside points, and some
shipments from Utah are already on the mar
ket at. 26c per lb. and the trade are beginning
to fear that a further advance will call In
supplies from still other distant Kources. Still
the market rules firm and top quotations are
obtained without difficulty.
Occasional sales of Egsrs In a small way at
40c are reported, but they are not yet suffi
ciently numerous to warrant this figure as a
quotation. Fine ranch are etlll closely cleaned
up and firm.
Cheese shows no further change, most deal
ers quoting a weak and well-supplied market.
Receipts were 21.4(>O lbs Butter 605 cases
Eggs and 3400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 2»e
for extras and 27@28c for firsts; dairy, 219
24c; cold storage. 24c: store Butter. 17©2Oe;
Eastern creamery. 2l%ffr23e: Eastern ladle
packed. lrt<S17c per lb; Utah squares. 28c.
CHEESE— 9®10c for choice mild new and
SSSVic for lower grades: Young Amerlcaa,
10%«llc; Oregon. 8@9%c; Eastern. 10©15o
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 39c for large white selected,
37Vi>SJ3Sc for choice and 30@36c for com
mon; cold storage. 27iS2Sc: store, nominal;
Eastern. 23#2Sc for firsts, 21®2Uc for seconds
and 20@21c for bakers*.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
: decidedly safer and ofTored na encourasempnt
to the bears to extend their operations. The
I <arly uncertainty cf the market gave way to
j Im TflT<1 r'.:!.i.'. .-M- and a general upward ten
deacjr. The rise In Union Pacific was attrlb
utc-4 to a «Jen:ar.d from thorts, but the move
ment was surrounded- with more or less mys
tery and was the rubject of many rumcrs.
Sorne «>f these had to do with supposed com
petitive, buying looking to the strengthening of
control on account of aHefred divergence of
vkv/s among powerful capitalists heretofore in
accord In the railroad world. The recent ad
miFcior. to th3 board of directors of the West
era Pacific, now under construction, of E. S.
liawlejr and cf a representative of the Gould
lnti»r?»it was advanced as the. supposed cause
of the differences. But the strength of Union
Pacific caused an Improvement In the general
list by eyn:paU:y, a result hardly to be ex
pected from a contest for control In the open
market, as dcrr.cnstratird by the always re
merebered, precedent of the Northern Pacific
corner. News to account fcr th» demand of
the Union Pacific wa« lacking. United States
Steel preferred also benefited to a notable ex
tent by a demand from uncovered shorts,
which served to change opinions as to the
amount of yesterday's large selling of stocks,
which was due to liquidation. The UEUal close
sympathy was manifested between Pennsyl
\an:c and United States Steel preferred. There
were no new developments In the money situa
tion, but. the proc»s9 cf depletion of reserves
by withdrawals fcr the interior continued and
the tone of the money market grew firmer.
Sterling exchange was weak anil discounts
hardened In London. The market closed
rather eaFy ana intensely dull.
Hond* were Irregular. Total sales, par
value. $3,940,000. 'United States 2s and the
old 4s advanced \i per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. V. Hutton & Co.. 490- California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
fctock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales. I Stocks— iHighjLow.l Bid.' A^k.
[Adams Express 230 ,240
27,tiOO;Amal Copper , 58\ 07^4 58>ij os'i
I Amer Can Co | 4>i 4"v 4
Do pfd 1 45 40
fcOujAmer C & K Co 22)4 ~ l ,i 22^ 22
-i ( Do pfd t>OH 61
jAmer Chicle | fcOVi 81
I Do pfd »a 101 '
tWuiAraer C Oil 33^ 32V, 32V4 33^4
I Do pfd DO 94
]Amer D Tel 23 26
lAmer Ex 205 210
lOu.Azner G T Co... 5U 5Vi 5»£ 6^4
JAmer H & L 4>4 S
j Do pfd 18U 21
ittw Amer Ice 7% 7 7% 7^i
«J,tiov: Do ptd 2b% 2ti\i 2S% 2S^i
Amer Linseed 12»4 13^
Do pfd 31 35
8.500 Amer Lcco 28% 25>$ 26 26>i
5uo, Do pfd »i;>.. 95% :»5'v 96
Amer Malt 4 414
2O0J- Do pfd 2O 20 19?i 2U
2,«ow i Amer S & R Co 05 64% 64% | 64 Ti
300 Do pfd 107 107 ilOO»,4!lO7
3.700, Amer Sugar ... 13O»4 123% 130-4 |130 J i
Do pfd 132 137
Amer T t T Co 138 139
100, Amer Tob pfd.. 143 143 143 145
[Arner Woolen 13 14H
|| Do pfd 81*; S3
1,600, Anaconda i».".'.. 93^4 94^ 05=i
j Ann Arbor 27 > 3 32
lOOj Do pfd 64 64 64 65
SS.tJOO'A T & S Fe .. 82 MM K2 82H
4o0| Do pfd 9»i'i 9«V* 9l*«4 88
3.2X>,BaIt & Ohio .. b&'.i tm tm% s> : '»
!'»'. Do pfd 84 94 94 944
iP-ay State Gas 7-32 U
i,3oo;b n t 55 5414 54 vj 549;
(Brooklyn U G 220 224
lOOJBrunswIck D & I 6>a ti'i 6)4 T
IButterick Co 48 49*4
'Can Southern C8>4 68
1.300 Can Pacific 127S 126ti 127% 127%
S.40O;C & O 42',i 41*4 42^; 42%
IC & A 85% 40%
i Do pfd 81 85
jC & K I pfd.... j 121 140
C I t L pfd 80 85
1.COOC ic O W 16H 15»4 16 l«ii
I Do pfd "A" 52 54
; Do pfd "IV 24 2«
|C & G W debs.. K2% 86
l.a.X.^C & N W 1*8',6 186 1S6 188
W.700'C M & St P .. 157% 156'i 157 157H
I Do pfd 183 185
17,600'C R I & P new 27H 2«J% 27H 27U
800) Do pfd 71 71 70^a 71
C R I & P 4'a.. ! 75 75U
Chicago Ter ! cy C»4
Do pfd | 15Vi 1«'
200 Chicago I'n Tract 7^! 7»4 7^4 8
I Do pfd 36 40
jCCC&StL 78^ "J»H
Do pfd 109 110
ICIevo Lor &. W CO C5
Do pfd S2 87
800;Colo Fu«l & I... 34 .33% 34 »j :U%
| Do pfd 60 70'
CC'OColum H C t I. 13 12% 12% 12«;
B.OOOCblarado So I I9«i 1SU, m\4 lDtj
:,(O\ Do 1st pfd ... 60*4 50>, 50 51
I.70O! Do 2d rfd .... 27»4 27 j 27U! 27'5
l.OOO.Coneol Gas '204 2fti»;!203i4:20:j%
4CK>;Con Tob pfd.V..tl2JUIX21 123 123»i
2'«'Corn Products...! 14>4 141^1 14 14 <*
100! Do pfd I 7O»4t 70'^t 7O\4 71
TOO Del & Hudson.. 166>4 166 166V- 1«7
|D L ft W 280 " 282
2.000!D & P. G 25% 27% 2S% 28%
5<V>I Do pfd 81% 81 80% 81U
1U0 Dee M & Ft IX. 24U 24% 24 ?5
1C> Detroit Un Ry. 66 G6 65 CO
600! Detroit So 4 3% 3H 4%
400 Do pfd ... 7 7 0% 7
iDlatnond Match. 180 135
1,600'DistM Secur. .. 2S=i 28 28«4 28%
(Din Secur bonds. .." 73% 74
IDuluth 8 S & A 7%( 8>,i
Do pfd 12S4 13%
ll,J»00'Erle 30»i 30 30% 80»i
800 Do lrt pfd .. 66% C8 6fi% 6C«i
800! Do 2d pfd .... 44% 43% 44% 44$i
E t T H 68 60
Do pfd 05 85 »1 06
Ft W & D C. ...1 42 44
Gen .Chemical ! r 48 65
- Do pfd }.... 04 | 96
700 Gen Electric 169 168% 1CS 1163
'Great North pfd.l 170 185
'Green Con Cop.. 1 15% .16
Havana Tob Co.,]... 2a 28
Do pfd 39 4i •
100;IIock Valley .... 79 70 79 £0
Do pfd 87 88
900 Illinois Central.. 138% 133 13S 138%
Inttr Paper | i<$u 17
200 Do Pfd 74% 74%) 74 " 74%
ilnter Power 40% 4114
100 Inter Pump ... 51 31 30% 81 4
200 Do pfd 77 77 75% 77%
lCOllorra Central ... 23 23 22% 23
I Do pfd 4214 43
ICO.Kanawha AM'.ch 33
200!K C FtS&M pfd 77 7C% 74«i '7714
..IKans City So 23''! 24^4
7001 Do pfd I 46% 46 46% 47
100'Kc«kuk * D M.| 15% 15% 14 16
'Lacl-d* Gas pfii! go 1C0
300'Lnkc E ft West. I 34 I 33% XI 35
> Do pfd 1 1 87% 100
ILocc Island | ..1 5714 59
1,100'Loufs & Nash... 122»tfl2liA!i22ii:i"^»i
1.000' Manhattan 158%il53 "ilM%!l54
IManhattn Beach 10' j 13
8,!»00 Metropolitan Spc 81% 80% 80% | 81
B.COOIMetrppltn St Rr 12234 121 121% 121%
l^COiMexIcan Central 13% 13 13ii 1314
Minn & St L... 00 58
Do pfd 05 08
S00 M. St P & S S M 73 72% 72% 73%
I Do rfd ! lio^i ir;o
RWXTo. Kan A Texas 24 23% 24% 2c,
3.C-<W| Do pfu 47 46 47 47'i
ISSJOtHKItaouri Pacific. 07% 00% 07 07%
100iNa?h, C A at L. 122 122 120 122'
1.6CC Nr.tiona! Lead... 23% 23% 2.:*J 24
Do pfJ 95 0G
Ntl R R Mex 19% 10*4.
Do pfd Z9U, 30%
100 National Biscuit. 47% 47% 47% 4S
I Do cfd 109 lftfli;
New Jersey C*n 177 180
N T Air Brake.. .'. 135 140
3.9CCN Y Ccatrsl 126% 125% 12o% 12.'.%
IN Y. C & St L.. 30 32
j Do let pfd 106
•. I Do 2d pfd C3 . 67
N Y Dock 10 IS
N Y. N H & H. ..:.. 190 192%
N Y. Ont & V/. .T.% 32% .'J2 83U
3,700 Norfolk & West 68% C7»/ t 68% CS%
Do Bid. .) 90 '81
"There are, however, sufficient elements of
doubt in the fituation to induoe a very eau
tii..i» r»>Hcy. The Jact that active shares have
ri>«*ri 15 to 30 poisti is the very rtrongert pot
»-it!e lndurerr.er.t ta y Uing among those who
have been ca:-r>ir.£r the stocks for any length
©I time. The le?s active shares have, inean
wl fie, j-eored advance? of 10 to 20 points, and
•nen th» lr.du^trialg hax - e risen from 5 to 15
T*.:r.ts in spile of peneral neglect. The mar
kfi. therefore, stands erpoF«4 to heavy realix-
Inr on every pood rise, this risk Increasing
materially as prices bo upward."
Quicks:^. . Shipments.
The *i.i>.ir!> < . V. .-.:.. t (tCZB i-'^n Fran
rti-oo by J^-i* "» Au:u^ \.cre j>s follow*:
I'latks. Values.
<"hjim KKJt (XT.OCO
J*pun I<d# -::.7OO
!>!• \,io 'J,"_'lt»
New YcrU B4 3,200
Totals ..'. 140y (93,110
In AusOst. lUi'i. tlie cn>oi-ts were iUT-t.
xnlu'd at fyC.7X» In thai tacnth China took
to;; Tusks, ratued *i VJj.CJ'j. a:\4 100 nasks.
\al"-«d ct 1*2 eaafa. vest to Jan^ti. The rw
c-.f.x at J'ri.nciico last month were ltilO
C»»t>^ a^klnst 1771 ;n August, il>03.
¦RECENT. STOCK ADVANCE.
'Hoii.' It Is Regarded by Finan
cial Interests.
T)"> New York circular of Henry Clews
• irr.rared with tL<? lrn-«-£t prices of the
current >es.r. wliich cccjrrr-d in I'\bruary and
Mar h. the i-.acins jalir.ad .-ii:::ret l^ive risen
at"Ut 15 to M ix);::ts. Coin;.a.red wfth the.
lowett pricea ut luor; the advaaeej tre etlll
xitre pronounced. Tf.is is a rcsiiarkable and
'act fully appreciated muvery, and is the bvtt
it-DfV^or t!i£.t can tie riven to the skeptics and
pebsiniiEt* ai luir.e itr.d abroad, who »o fre
quently RiaJce the serious error of underesti-
Jnctir.t; tbe recuperative <jaaliti«-» of the United
title*. Of course these aavances have been
largely brought ab- ut by manipulation ar.d
[estde cBpport ; imix rtant movements up or
down klwdys, ar», but the various cliques and
If .-<!crfc :n th" recent rise could not have been
suoce£fl"ul without a yubytintial basis of some
Vied. £-uch a. bafis has been found in the
revival 1 f ccnticieT><~e which developed after
the drastic liquidation of 1IKV5. in continued
eatij money, and finally in a satisfactory har
\*-±i. The question which now arise* is: Will
t!.:.- advance be continued, or has it about
reached itB culmination?
THE OUTLOOK.
"Durir? the p»Fi week or ten days Uie mar
kct retuiij«-d much of its former activity,
tranfactitns running Into the neighborhood of
a i::i;;:on thares a day. This activity could
fcardly b* attributed to outside buying, for.
•v . ..• Uie itililic has beeu operating with
rather more 'rtrdom than of l«.te. the bulk
«¦: t.uyJnx and selling «u for professional ac
count, and unquestionably has strong bankicg
eurport. The market is consequently still in
C' n:petent hands and contraolled by the big
l«iders. who liave plenty of stocks to eell and
would probably like to put themselves in good
srane to handle tome of the important new
iwuct. which are known to be in contempla
tioii and uhlch have br-en held In abeyance
finer the setback of 19tt'J. If the investment
demand provfs eufficient to relieve the market
cf Its present surplus of securilies all will
to well and tie upward movement may con
tir.ue. For on<*e «lf-irtereat has brought all
th*r market leaders into harmony: and. as
tli»-r»- are co oisturbir.g deals on hand to
threaten the entente, the prospect is fair for
their huldinjr together until the buying power
trims exhausted. At the moment the buying
t«w(r is improving. Large sums have gone
Into bon<i< ar.<3 high-class investments and the
public confidence is crowinr at a va.ee which
euspests more activity In general speculation.
In Khfit, t!.e market If in excellent technical
CGr.dition, ar.d it is likely to go still higher
IMfvided the big Jnsider e hold together and
provided ther^ are no untoward disasters to
Interfere; but hereafter the fluctuations will
lie wide zvA frequent, admitting of profit
i!"- quick tuniF and tnakinr it the safer
T.-sy to operate from now onward.
I LOCAL MAEKETS.
Copper was a little lower at £58 2s Cd for
both spot and futures In the London market,
bnt locally it remained unchanged and firm.
Lake, $12 75013; electrolytic, $12 75@12S7%:
casting. $32 30@12 62%.
Lead advanced slightly in London, closing
at £11 17s 6d, but remained unchanged at
$4 20®4 30 in the local market.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 10s in London
and at $5 10®5 20 in the *iocal market.
Iron closed at 50a 3d in Glasgow and at 43s
l%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed; No.' 1 foundry Northern is quoted at
$13 7501-1 25; No. i foundry, -Northern, $13 25<g>
33 75; No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foun
dry southern, soft, $13 50@13 75.
* ¦ ¦ ; *
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— Tin broke sharply
In the London market, epot there closing at
£120 lCs and futures at £127 5s. Locally tho
market was also lower, closing at $27 G2%@
27 S5.
New York Metal Market.
Receipt* of domestic Poultry were moderate
and. although the market had an easier tone,
prices v. - cre no lower. Large young chickens
rold off well enough at firm rates, while small
stock, such as Fryers and Broilers, were tn
clined to easiness. Another car of Western
came in. making the fifth for the current week.
Game rdled firm at previous prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14@15c per
lb for Cobblers and I5@17c for Hens; young
Turkeys. 20^22c per lb; Gee«e. per pair. $1 60
©1 75; CSosllnsa. $1 75©2: Ducks. $1»4 50 per
dozen for old and $4 50@6 for young;
Hens. $1 50S5 for small and $5 50@tS lor
large: young Roosters. $5 B0®6; old Roosters.
$4@4 fKV Fryers. $4®A 50; Broilers. $2 5<V83 50;
Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 509
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. $1 p«r dozen; Hare,
$1 5031 75 per dozen; Rabbits, $2fi2 25 per
dozen for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In pas*s 19 We; Astral 19 %c;
Star. l»%c; Extra Star." 24c; Elaine. 2Hc; Eo
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk.
16c; In cases, 22%c: Benzine. In bulk. 13c: In
cases. ,19%c : Stt-«iegree Gasoline. In bulk, 25c;
In cases 31p.
TURPENTINE — 81c p*r gallon in case* and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L*ad. 7H9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%f|7»ie according
to quantity.
8UGAR — Tha Weatern Surar Reflnlnx Com
pany quotes as follows per lb in ICO-lb bags:
Cute*. A Crushed and Fine Cmsh«d. 6.23c:
Powdered. «.10c; Candy Granalated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulaud. flne. We; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated, tic; Ceet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). ; Confectioners" A. Gc:
Magnolia A S.eOc; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C
6.40c; "D.'' 3.30c; barrels. 10c mon»: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less thaa
•eventy-flr* barreU or Its equivalent.
OILS — Quotation* are for barrels: for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In ca»«i. No. 1. 70c :
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 1'XSl 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 49c for raw; China Nut. caa*a,
65@S0c per gallon: Cocoa nut Oil, in barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter 8f»enn Oil. 6Rc: natural wintsr
Eperm Oil. 83c; extra bleach**! wlntn- Whala
Oil S7c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c : No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c; No. 1 Ncatsfoot Oil.
63c; light tlerrms Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled FUh OH. 37c; wr
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $3 JS§3 23: ?an Qu»n
tln $4 75: Wool Bars, S0@a2c: Fleece Twine.
7%c; Fruit Bacs. 6Vj^7U c for white and 7o
for brown jute.
COAL. — Wellington, $* per ten; New W«l-
Ilagton. W: Seattle. $« 60: Bryant. $6 60;
Beaver Hill. $5 50- Roslyn. $7: Coos Bar.
$3 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 la
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thraclta Kgx. 91*: Welib Anthracite Egg. $U;
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannrl. $9 r'f ton; Coke.
$11 50013 per ton In bulk and $15 In eaclu;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 30 per short
ton.
Poultry and Game.
General Merchandise.
200!Ncrth American. 92 '.i I 02 92 93 i
jN'rtl.rn Securities ....' 103 U 104
Onmia 140 150
Do pfd 1S5
O S L ¦4a 9(J% 0(5%
..' Peciuc Coast 64 00
i Do 1st pfd 95 105
I Do 2d pfd 74V- 75'4
l.SWjiPaeiflc Mail 33% 32H 33% ."3% ;
D2,2C0jPcnn it R Co... i;ilU IZUK 131% 131 Vi
SOOIPeople's Gas jlOl'Vi 101 102 102%
[Pere Morquette. .|...-. 75 80
!P. C, C & St L| <S> 72
j Do pfd 103 ICC
lOOiPrcssed Stl Car. 32% 32 32'/. 33
i Do pfd 7S " SO
1CO| Pullman Car Co. 215 215 215 21S
200 Ky Steel .Springs 23 22% 22% 23
I Do pfd 7SVi SO
33,400 Reading C6% C5U OGiij GGU '<¦
Do 1st pfd i. 78',^ SO
ICO Do 2d j>fd * 7j : )4 70
i'00 P.epubllc S & I. S>6 S44 SU S%
R00 Do pfd 43>A *'i% 43'i 44 :
600 Rubber Goods. .. 19'i 19 19 19>-i !
Do pfd 81 M 82'/*
Sloes S S & I Co 3D 40'i
Do pfd BG 95
St J & Q 1 15 17
Do 1st pfil 4l» 4S
Do 2d pfd 25 28
SL & SF 1st pfd 72 75
tCC Do 2d pfd 5S",s CS^i «JS% M»
!St L & S W 20iA 21
0001 Do pfd 44U 43^ 44 44'/a
45.7CU;Southern Pacific. 5G'-i C5^i 5(1^ 6«»i i
12.S00;Sf.uthern Ry .. 32Tii 32U 32% 82% '
1.5001 De pfd 95% OS 05>i OBVj I
Standard Oil 644 645 i
."OOlStand R i T ltj 1% 1V^ 1 T4 j
2,000ITcnn C & 1 46 & 4tf 48% *Wi .
|T P L T Co 3D 35 \
2,400lT«as Pacific ... 31 >« 30'^ .".0% 31 U ¦
jThird Avenue 125 12U
100|Tol R & T Co.. 21 21 21 22
700 Tol. St L & W.. 81% :K>U 30!; 31
SftOI Do pfd 51 \u 50 \<a 50% 51',
200 Twin City R T. OS'i 97 »7»i U7?i ;
Union B & P 7 S
Do pfd 63% f.4
11C.600 Union Pacific ..101 OS"* 100% lOO'-i
4C0 Do pfd 93 93 U3"»i 915'j
Do conv 4s lOS'J 105U
United Copper 6 S
U Rds of S F 12«i 14>i
Do pfd 5'iVt 57%
Do 4s S4% So
U S C I P 10 11
Do pfd 55 Vs 57
U S Express 110 120
9,3C0iU S Leather.... 10 9% 9% 9%
200! Do pfd 80% S6% SfiVj S6%
200 [V S Rubber 20 19T4 18% 20
Do pfd 74 74^
7«.700U S Steel Cor... 16^ 18% 16% lti%
C9.400 Do pfd 67% 66 67% 67>/j
500 Va-Car Chem Co 35 S4% 34% 35
f!0.> Do pfd.: 108«6 107% 108>* 10S»;
700!Wabash i. 20% 20% 20% 20%
1,200 Do pfd 41 40% 41 41 V4
Do deb B's 64 64^
Wtlls-Farro Ex 235 245
10O Western Union. . 90% 00V4 £0% 91
1,400! Westlnghouse .. 101 160 161 162
| Do pfd ISO 195
lOOjW & L J3 16'i 16'i
200| Do 1st pfd 44 43% 44 45
j Do 2d prd 24 25>,i
300)Wlsconslw Cent. 19V4 19U 19 l 91^
20Ui Do pfd 43 43%
IScuth Pacific pfd 113U 113%
656,100 total chares ao\fi.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4«il L & N unified 4s.lOOVi
Do coupon 105 I Man con gold 4s.lOC';i
Do 33 reg 105Vi Mex Central 4s... 65*i
Do coupon lOiiVi Do 1st inc 16
Do new 4s reg.131% Minn & St L 4s. 95'4
Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4s. 100
Do old 4s reg.lC«% Do 2ds 79%
Do coupon 107% XR of Mex con 4s 76>4
Atch gen 4s HW%]N Y C gen a^s.-lOOVi
Do adj 4s 95 N J C pen 5s 133%
Atlantic C L 4s. 97»4iNor Pacific 4s 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO.J ! H,l Do 3s 74
Do 3Vis 95^1 Nor & W con 4s.lOll4
Central of Ga Ss.llOVilOSL 4a & I'artic. 9(5^
Do 1st Inc 'St>4!Pa conv 3^6.... 90Vi
Ches & Ohio 4V.S.105 | Reading gen 4s...l00i^.
Chi & Alton 3«,s. 79% IS L & I M con 5s.ll7%
C. B & Q new 4s. W%\ S I. & 6 F fc 4s. SO
CM & SP gn 4«.1OO ISt Louis SW lsts. 8S
C & NW con 7s.l2S%l Seaboard A L 4s. S2U
C. R I & Pac 4s. 75 I So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5? 8«%!So Railway 5s 117
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%!Tex & Pac lsts. 119%
Chi Term 4s 76 I Tol. St L & W 4b. 80%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 72% | Union Pacific 4s. 104%
Colo & So 4s SO Do conv 4s 10."
C F & I con 5s. 75 IT S Steel 2d 5s.. 81
Den & Rio G 4s.l00% Wabash 1st* 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. »S%1 Do deb B 64
Do gen 4f 87% W & L Erie 4s... O0«
F W.& DC lFts.lOi) WIs Central 4«. . . 90^
Hock Val 4%s...l08U
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 45' Ontario 1 50
Breece 13: Ophlr 2 20
Bruns Con lOi Phoenix 15
Com Tunnel .... 10; Potosi 09
Con Cal & V»... 1 Ml! Savage ' 26
Horn Silver 1 55! Sierra Nevada.... 28
Iron Silver 1 75' Small Hopes 25
Leadville Con . . . 021 Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |U S Steel 1654
Call loans 2%®3%i Do pfd 67%
Time loans.... 4 €5 Westing Common. 81
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 101 V* Adventure 2%
Do adj 4s 91% Allouez hi.:.
Mex Central 4s... 64%iAmal Copper 57%1
Railroads — Amw Zinc 11%
Atchison Sl% Atlantic 12V.
Do pfd 90% Bingham 2«%
Boston & Albany.249 | Calumet & Hecla.515'
Boston & Malne.lC:: Centennial 2«U
Boston Elev 153 | Copper Range ... .""'i
Fitchburg pfd 137% I Daly West lnaj
M« Central 13UIDom Coal 5714
N Y. N H & H..109 I Franklin 8
Pere Marquette . . 74 | Graney «
Union Pacific 100%IIsle Rovale 1SVI
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 41k
Amer Arge Chem. 15 Michigan fUi
Do pfd 81 Mohawk 4.-,
Amer Pn«>u Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 5 "
Amer Sugar 129^ Old Dominion ... 15
Do pfd 132% Osceola 7714
Amer Tel & Tel.l3» (Parrot ,v>2
Amer Woolen ... 13%|Quincy " «•»
Do pfd S2%l Shannon \' 374
Dom Iron & S... 11 (Tamarack .... "llfi
Ed Elect Ilium.. 265 Trinity '." * ««/
O*n Elfctric ....ifiS TJ S MInlnr •»«
Mass Electric 13% V S Oil ......."' 31
Do pfd 60 Utah " An
Mass Gas 42H Victoria " 4«
United Fruit 105%|W!nonft " su
Un Shoe Mach... B2%! Wolverine ' 87^
Do pfd 3QM 8T
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money... 88 7-16! N Y Central.... 129
Do acct SS%lNor & Western... fit)K
Anaconda 4% Do pfd 92
Atchlnon S3?i Ont & Western... 3.1%
Do t>fd 101 Pennsylvania .... OQK
Bait & Ohio OOH Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 130'i Readln? 33$;
Ch#s & Ohio 43 Do lut pfd 43*4
Chi Gr^at West.. 16%l Do 2d nfd 3RV.
Chi. Mil 4 St P.ldtillSo Railway Su
De Beers .>* I9"4I Do pM 97$'.
Don & Rio G ?S%!Po Pacfflc 67a;
Do pfd M I Union Pacific .. ins
Erie 31JJI Do pfd j)s
Do 1st pfd 6S |U S Steel 17
Do ?d pfd 401AI Do pfd ftsix
III Central 142 (Wabash »i
I^oulo & Nash.... 124141 Do pfd 41
M K * Texas... 2594 1 Spanish 4s 87«$
Bar silver — Quiet, 26 7-1 6d per ounce
Money — 1U^1% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
¦hort bills In 2 15-10 per cent and for three
months' bills 2*j per cent. ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. 8e P t. 21.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance Jn the general
fund, exclusive of th« S150.000.000 gold In the
reserve, shows: Available cash balance, S148 •
711.C77; rold. $60,007. "OS. • * '
NeivYork Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— Cotton futures
opened firm. September, lO.SSc; October,
I0.C7c; November. lO.CSc: December, 10 71c*
January. 10.72c; March. 10.S2c; May, lOSSc-
July. 10.90c bid: August. 10Jt3c.
Spot cotton closed quiet. 20 points advance.
Mlddllrur uplands. 11.30c; middling gulf, 11 55c
Kal«« 216 bales.
Cotton futures closed barely ! steady. Octo
ber. 10.77c; November. 10.32c; December,
10.87c; January. I0.90c: February. 10.94c;
March. 10.98c; April, 11.01c; M»y, 11.03c
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORX. 8ept., 21.—FLOUR—Re
ceipts 15,000 barrels: exports 6S00 barrels; sales
8200 packages; market slow at yesterday's
prices. Minneapolis bakers. $4 C0tQ4 SO.
WHEAT— Receipts; 13.000 bushels; sales.
4,400,000 bushels futures, flpot. steady; No.
2 red. $1 14% f. o. b afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth, $1 23% f. «. b. afloat;. No. 1 hard
Manitoba nominal f. o. b. afloat; options had
an Irregular and fatly active day with the tone >
steady, closing %1J%c net lower. The'ad
vances were Influenced by bullish French |
croo and estimates and hlrher cables, while j
an absence of much frost In ' the West Im
pelled frequent bear attacks. May, $1 12l£(?
1 I3>4. closed $1 12%; September, SI 13%?5>
1 14%. closed $1 14; December, $1 12% @
(1 13*. clnned $1 12 13-19. .-.->.¦
HOPS— Firm.
' WOOL— Firm.
HIDES— steady. - .
PETUOLiEUU— Steady.
SUMMARY OF TUB MARKETS
Wall-street stocks nrm on tile day. Cation higher.
Coffee firm, with bullish crop news end strong cables.
Large sales of Southern Pacific bonds on the local Exchange
Sterling ExcJiange maker. Silver stationary.
Wheat c;;d Barley futures aciiz-e and firm.
Oais, Corn ai:J minor grains quid and unchanged.
Hay and Fcedstuifs as previously quoted.
Bean prices declining iviih the incoming of the new crop.
Potatoes. Onions end Vegetables in amply supply.
Poultry end Came selling at previous prices.
ii'iUci' and Eggs firm, but rather quieter.
Fresh I . . ./.¦ quieter; with litiic change.
Sellers reduce Honey quotations to move the goods.
I'rovisions^slcady ct about previous prices.
No further change in live or dressed Meats.
HOGS— Live Hos*. 14<> to 200 lb». 4%c;
500 to 230 lb*. 4>ic; IS) lb« md und?r. 44c;
over 250 lb*. 4V.e: soft Hep, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. less 3O
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Stceis. I MO the; Cows and Heif
ers. 6V,«?G'4c: thin Cows 4©3c per lb.
CALVES— 4^4 be per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. ;>UCf^*ic; Ewes J's :',c
per l» <sross w*i s ht>.
LAMBS— $2 50©:: 75 per head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5fe©7c for Steers and 4®5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Larg*. 7©Rc; sm;»r, StfOc p*T lb.
MITTTON— Wether*. 7&7',c; Ewes. W87o
per lb.
LAMB— «tifi9c per IX
PORK— Drew! Hoss. fiJJ^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is no further change to report undrt
this head.
Meat Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c6$l 23 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans, 2jJ4c
pe r lb; Lima Beans, Sg-'l^aC per lb;
T<-matoes, 13ff"0c per box: Summer Squash.
SC(f»40c per box; Cabbage, 75c • per ctl:
Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers, SSQbOc
per box: Pickle Cucumbers 80c<8$l 2T> per cox:
Garlic. 4'jc per lb; Egs Plant, 23®50c p»r
box: Dried Pepper?, nominal; Green Ultra, 30©
40c per box: Green Peppers. 25@50c per box:
Marrowfat Squash. ¥15 per ton.
Fresh receipts of river Potatoes did not ar
rive in time for the 'regular morning trad?,
but there was no scarcity of supplies, as loci',
wants were small and were quickly filled
with carrled-over stock. Supplies of Salinas
Burbanks were limited and small. Jots of fancy
stock brought a slight advance. Sweet Po
tatoes and Onions were plentiful and un
changed.
Most kind* of miscellaneous vegetables were
In free supply and the market was generally
weak. String. Wax End Lima Beans were
firmer and fresh arrivals of Cucumbers and
Green Peppers did a little better. Tomatoes
were still a glut' on the market.
POTATOES — Burbanks from tr.e river. ."01
75o per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $l@l 35 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles. ;5©»5c;
Sweet Potatoes. $1©1 25 per ctL . "
ONIONS— Sl«l 21> per ctl.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
DRIED PEAS — Nllee. $2©2 25; new Green
Peas. ?2@2 25 per ctl.
Closing 24 0O 25 23
Flour —
Opening 31 65 S3 00
Closing 31 90 33 25
London Wool Market.
LONDON, Sept. 21. — The offerings at tho
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 1001
bales.. Competition was spirited. Superior
Merinos closed at an advance of— 5 per cent,
owing to a fair demand from America. Good
medium Merinos and coarse crossbreds were
bought freely.. by home and German buyers.
Sccureds were in good demand. Half-bred
lambs were In strong request. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal grades were in active demand.
St. Louis Wool Market.*
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium pradee, combing and clothing, 23024c;
light fine. 19«?20c; heavy fine, 16c; fine. IC@
17c; tub washed, 34@3Gc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 21. — Wheat for export:
Walla Walla 70c, blueetem £4c. valley SBc. For
Kastern markets: Walla Walla 82c, blucstem
S5c. . ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 21. — Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem 82 '^c, club 78 &c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Sept. 21.— Clearings. $675,615;
balances. $107,348.
TACOMA. Sept. 21. — Clearings. $3K).0J7;
balances. $25,909.
PORTLAND. Sept. 21. — Clearings, $309,682;
balances, $75,734.
SPOKANE. Sept. 21.— Clearings, $435,824;
balances, $83,082.
PEACHES— Also remain unchanged, with
choice quoted at S'iiSWJc; extra choice, 8%@
9c; fancy, ft>2@10c.
DRIED FRUITS. ..
EVAPORATED APPLES — For future deliv
ery are being offered freely and show an easy
tone. Spots are not pressed for Bale, but the
market Is more or less unsettled, owing: to
the weaker tone of futures, and while prices
are nominally unchanged, they could hardly be
called steady. Common, 4®5c; prime, 5',{(iJ
6',ic: choice, 5%@Gc; fancy, G%@7c.
PRUNES— Showed a little more activity yes
terday, but the business was in small tone
and the, general tone of the market showed
no Improvement. Quotations ranged from 2c
to 5c. according to, grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but firm. Choice.
t»V-@10c; extra choice, lOUSlOVic; fancy, ll£p
13c.
COFFEE — The markst *cr coffee futures
opened steady at an advance of 5<5jlu points on
reports of .an unfavorable nature as to " the
Brazilian crops, reiterated small estimates of
the present Santos crop aid steadiness Iti tho
European markets, but demand was checked
by the fear that the world's visible supply
statement on October 1 would show another In
crease in excess of last year. Just before
the close, however, there was a sudden spurt
of buying and the market was finally stead-/
at a net gain of 10ftl5 points. Sales were re
ported of 03.230 bass, includins December at
5<5 Iio@7 05; March, $7 20@7 35; May. $7 4D@
7 50: July, 57 65; spot Rio, firm; No. 7 In
voice, 8V»c; mild, firm.
SUGAR — Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3*4c;
centrifuzal, '06 test, 4 5-ltfc; molasses sugar,
3Hc; refined, quiet.
Butter, chees and eggs unchanged.
do. defective. \?K&Vlc; Humboldt and Men«o
cino. 14&1.V- per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop 23<fi2Sc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Face Fourteen.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — - ' ¦ Sept. . Dee.
Opening .::..... . T *K T 6%
Closing 7 B»4 7,7%
PARIS.
Wheat — " ¦ . Sept. Jan.-Anl.
Opening ..:....... ..23 70 U 00
15O'Dea, D. M. Brereton. T. J. "Walsh,
Colonel J. J. Tobin. The actinsr pall
bearers were Walter J. Phelps, Cap
tain K. W. Warren, T. J. Sheehan,
Joseph Murphy. S. J. Warren. Louis
Morlarty, James Mulligan, W.
O'Shaugnessy.
At Holy Cross Cemetery the final
burial service was read by Rev.
Father Mulligan, pastor of St. Jo
seph's Church,- and the coffin was
placed in the family vault.
LONDON. Sept. ; 21. — The American . Consul
to-day Identified a body washed • ashore . near
Broad Stalm as that of. the editor and author.
Charles B. Spahr, of New York. ' '
The funeral of William Costello,
president of the firm of O'Connor,
Moffatt & Co., took place from his
late residence, 923 Grove street, yes
terday morning. About 200 young
men. employes of the firm, followed
the- hearse from the house to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn re
quiem mass wai sunjr- The celebrant
was the Rev. Philip Byrne, acting pas
tor of Sacred Heart parish, with the
Rev. P.E. Mulligan acting as deacon,
and the Rev. E. Allen, S. J., sub-dea
con. The Rev. J. Comerford officiated
as master of ceremonies.
There were present in the sanctuary
the Most Rev. Archbishop Montgom
ery. Very Rev. Father Kenna. S. J..
president of Santa Clara College;
Rev. Joseph Hickey, S. J.; Rev. M.
Mackey, S. - J.; Rev. Father Cullen,
Rev. Father Stark. C. S. P.; Rev.
Father J. B. McNally, Oakland; Rev.
Father Egan, San Rafael; Rev. Father
Fleming, Rev. Father W. P. Morgan.
Rev. Father Cantwell, O. P., and Rev.
A. Reggio. S. J.
Archbishop Montgomery gave the
final benediction over the remains and
the funeral sermon was preached by
the Rev. Father Byrne.
The honorary pall bearers were C.
J. Titus, M. A. Jackson. Jacob Stern,
Achille ' Roos, P. J. Sullivan. Martin
Archbishop Montgomery and Other
Distinguished Clergymen Attend
Last Sad Rites.
WUjIJAM COSTELLO BURIED
WITH HONOR AND RESPECT
NEW YORK, Sept 21.— The fol
lowing Callfornians are in New York:
From • San Francisco— -Mrs. Burn
ham and Mrs. A. C. Eldrldgre, at the
Broadway Central ; Mrs. J. - Hume, at
the Imperial; G. Katz and wife, at the
Grand Union; R. McGibben and wife,
at the Spaldlng; G. C. Salchs and wife,
at the Wellington; D. A. Tobln. at the
Murray Hill; Miss Culligan, at the
Herald Square; Mrs. S. A. Floyd and
Mrs. *E. R. Horton. at* the. Cumber
land; Mrs. A. Marson, at the Herald
Square; Misses Merkle and Mrs. F.
Watson,' at the Cadillac; H. S. Wil
son, at. the Cumberland ;.W. S. Wood,
at the St. Denis; F. F./Anthenes, at
the Imperial; Mrs. E.' Deutsch, at the
Marlborough;' W.- R. Morton and Mrs.
J. W. Owens, at<the Imperial;, Mrs.. P.
C. Rosenberg, at- the- Marlborough.
From San Jose— Miss C.Kirnan. at
the Herald Square.
From Santa Cruz— J. T. McKean, at
the Grand Union.
From Santa Rosa— Miss Coulter, at
the St. Denis.
From Los Angeles — J. S. Atterbury,
K. S. King and Mrs. L. A. King, at the
Continental; E. W. Mueller, at the
Marlborough; A. W. Skinner and wife,
at the Imperial: J. J. Malone, at the
Broadway Central; Mrs. F. H. Shafer,
at the Herald Square; Mrs. F. Helpel,
at the Broadway Central; Dr. J. W.
Wood and wife, at the Victoria.
Callfornlans In New York.
A musical entertainment was given
last evening at the recidence of Mrs.
M. Heilmann, 708 Brannan street, tor
the benefit of St. Rose's fair. There
was a large attendance of members of
St. Rose's parish and the programme
proved to be highly enjoyable. The
Rev. Father Nugent was present and
among those who entertained with vo
cal selections were Mrs. A. Troy. J.
Rial and Michael Fennone. - Miss L.
Troy and Walter Heilmann grave se
lections on the piano.
Benefit for St. Rose's Fair.
CHARGED WITH I GRAND LARCENY. —
Joeie Hart was arrested yesterday by Detec
tive* Dlnan and Wren and booked at the
City Prison on a charre- of rrand larceny.
The complaining: witness is Alice T. Sweeny.
222 Mason street, who alleges that Miss Hart
a few nlffhU aro while in her room stole a
diamond sin and a rold watch.
WILL OF MRS. LEVT.— Tb* will of Me-
Janle L«evy. who died September 16 leaving a
valuable estate In Ban Francisco, Alameda
and Contra Costa counties, was fSlti for pro
bate ywtertlay with a codicil. The will, dated
March 25. 1&0S. n&rae* her daugUtert, Helene
Chamberlain, Jear.ne I*. Schnltrer and Hor
tense Levy, and leadore L*"i-y, eon of her de
ceased hueband. aa executors.
Odd Fellows and Visitors
Should not fail to see the beautiful display at
Anitewi' Diamond Palace, 221 Montgom'y st •
Steamer H. J. Corcoran — Three round
trips daily to Vallcjo and Mare Island,
affording an opportunity to see the Rus
f-ian battleship Lena. Round trip 50c.
Special excursion Sunday. September 25.
to Vall*>jo, Mare Island. Carquinez
Straits. Suisun Bay. etc.. up the Sacra
mento River. Round trip beyond Val
lejo and Mare Island 51. Leave north
end Ferry building 9:30 a. m.. return 7
p. m. Piper. Aden. Goodall Company. •
Personally Conducted Sunday Ex
cursion.
Dr. H. New of New Zealand is at the
California.
Clifton Gardner of New York is at
the St. Francis.
F. S. Macomber. a business man of
Sonora, is at the Palace.
John R. Rossiter of Enniscorthy, Ire
land, is at the Palace. •
Dr. and Mrs. Koyle of Hornellsvllle,
N. Y., are at the Occidental.
R. R. Veal, Sheriff of Contra Costa
County, Is at the St. Francis.
J. E. Hundlein, a capitalist .of Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Judge Erskine Ross and wife of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
B. K. Knight, a wealthy resident of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
Willis H. Lowe, a manufacturer of
Boston, and his wife are at the St.
Francis.
Baron Nothomb and his sister and
Baron de Rosen of Belgium, who are
touring America after visiting the SL
Louis Exposition, are registered at the
St. Francis.
George F. Nixon, > the well-known
banker of Wlnnemucca and Republican
candidate for the United States Sena
torship of Nevada, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
F. G. del Rosario of Manila,**a mem
ber of the Philippine honorary com
mission to the St. Louis Exposition, Is
staying at the Palace for a few days
prior to his return to the East.
H. H. Yard, the well-known railroad
engineer, who is identified with the
Western Pacific and Butte and Plumaa
railroad projects, has been summoned
East to a conference concerning: the
work on those lines.
Count Goblet de Alvella of Brussels,
a member of the Belgian Senate and a
delegate • to the Inter- Parliamentary
Arbitration League, which has been
meeting: in St. Louis, arrived here yes
terday and is registered , at the St.
Francis. He left the main body of the
foreign representation j at Denver,
whither it traveled as the guest of the
United States Government.
WHARF COMPANY INCORPORATES—
The Webster Street Wharf Company was In
corporated yesterday with a capital stock of
$100,000 by Alfred J. Harwood. John R.
Hoenes. "William II. Mead, Nathan Moran and
I>eo Mund.
PERSONAL.
George W. Youngr. alias "Kid"
Young, alias George W. West, was ar
rested on Tuesday night at Fourth
and Townsend street* by Detectives
Taylor and Wolters and locked up in
"the tanks" on suspicion. He is well
known to the local police. On No
vember 9. IS 98, he was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of stealing
$140 from the pocket of a printer
named Thomas, who was looking at
the election returns in front of The
Call office. The money was found in
his possession when arrested, but he
was acquitted by a Jury in Judge
Cook's court- Young went to Seattle,
where he opened a saloon and became
a politician. Detective Ryan says It
was Young's Influence kept him in
Seattle several months last year fight
ing for the extradition of George Rob
erts, a bunko steerer, now servinsr a
term in San Quentin. • Youngr takes
comfort from the fact that his "pal"
whose name he declines to give, es
caped from the officers after being ar
rested. ; '. -'¦'.
Seattle Saloon-Keeper Arrested.
On Sunday, September 25, th« California
Northwestern Railway will run an excursion
to Uklah. Each ticket Insures a eeat, for the
company will not sell a single ticket above the
number of seats provided. Time of departure
from Tiburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m. and
from Uklah on the return 6 p. m. Train will
not stop in transit. Fare for the round trip
only $2. Tickets now on sale at ticket offices.
G50 Market street (Chronicle building) and
Tiburon ferry. •
Excursion to Ukfah.
Kratzs case will be called again in
Judge Dunne's court this morning.
Af rlFtant District Attorney Whiting in
tended at that time to move that the
bond be forfeited, but in view of the
fact that the bond is missing, action
will probably be postponed. Captain
Martin has not yet received a reply to
his letter to the Chief of Police of Los
Ar.ge!es asking for information as to
the reported death of Kratz by drown
ing at Long Beach last Thursday.
Police Judge Fritz is apparently the
only person who can explain what has
become of the bond for S5000 which
be accepted on July 11. 1903. for the
release of A. A. Kratz, held that day
to answer on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. Property Clerk Dinan has
th» order of release signed by Judge
Fritz after the acceptance of the
bonds. One of the surties was Mrs.
11. M. White, a sister of the defendant.
Judge Fritz is absent on his vacation
and nothing can be learned till he
can be communicated with.
Record? Show That It Was Accepted
by Judge Fritz, Who Signed
Order of Release.
XO TRACE FOUND OF
BOND GIVEN BY A. A. KRATZ
To-day. In Gotham, does Edgar D.
Peixotto claim the lovely Miss Malvina
Nathan for his bonny bride. The cere
mony will take place at the home. of
the bride's aunt. Mrs. Frederick
Nathan. 162 West Eighty-sixth street,
and will be rather in the nature of a
family affair.
It was supposed that Joseph D. Red
ding was going on to be best man, but
since the famous Bohemian doesn't
start East*, until to-day, he must needs
yield the honor to another. Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew M. Davis will represent
Mr. Peixotto** family at the wedding.
The young people. will wander about
the East a-honey mooning until Octo
ber 8, when they are due In San Fran
cisco. Here a cordial welcome will
greet the young bride, who Is, by the
way, a famous beauty, and the clever
young barrister who • has won her.
A pretty bride was Miss Alma Lor
etta Mitchell, as she stood last night
in a bower of blossoms, promising her
hand and her heart to Walter Thayer
Wood the Rev. John Hemphlll blessing
the promise— the sweetest promise in
woman's gift.
Attending the bride as maid of honor
was Miss Alice Downing, gowned
fetchlngly In white crepe, and Miss
Elsie Cook. Miss Houston Cook and
Miss Georgie Shephard as bridesmaids,
all in frocks of pale green crepe and
bearing bouquets of maidenhair fern.
Lovely, indeed, was the bride In her
nuptial robe of cluny lace. Her veil,
enveloping her like a mist, was held
by a spray of orange blossoms, and on
her arm she bore an exquisite bouquet
of lilies of the valley. . .
The groom was attended by Duncan
Albright, and Nathaniel Gilman, Edgar
Alexander and Ralph Mitchell looked
after the seating of the guests.
Calvary was beautiful in its nuptial
setting, the palms and ferns and green
festoons creating a fine setting for the
bride and her suite.
A reception was held at the Mitchell
home after the ceremony, whereat the
same floral scheme was maintained.
The young folk will leave to-day for
the north.
• • •
The Sequoia Club— a product of West
ern Bohemia wherein femininity may
enter even as do men, and without
apologies— has assumed the dignity of
a domicile. And from to-morrow night
the Sequoia will be very much at home
to itself and to its friends in Its com
fortable quarters in the green room of
the St. Francis. For to-morrow night
will the men and women rally gayly
for its first family affair at its own
fireside. ."* * ;
William Greer Harrison, as chairman
of the committee on "things to do." may
be depended upon for some live num
bers, and loads of clever and Interesting
people will foregather to toast to the
club's success — and here's to it!
By Sally Sharp*
Fall hfits. 1904. Just arrived, nobbier
tfc&n ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace.*
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets to Yosemlte Valley
from San Francisco for $25 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip is made entire
ly in day time and includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route is through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls.
Bridal Veil and Yosemlte Falls, Cathe
dral Beck, the Sentinel. Glacier Point,
Three Brothers. El Capitan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stay in Yo
semite may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This Is a grand chance to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
it at Santa Fe Office. No. 641 Market st*
Reduced Rates by Santa Fe.
YO SEMITE VALLEY.
SEQUOIA CLUB
WILL TOAST TO
ITS NEW HOME
The public school teachers of the
city are working energetically in
preparing for the entertainment to be
given at the Chutes October 3, 4,. 5, 6
and 7 to raise funds for the annuity
fund. The efforts of all teachers are
being enlisted to secure advertise
ments for the souvenir programme
and the several committees are going
forward actively with -arrangements.
The entertainments on October 3, 4
and 6 will be given entirely by the
children of the public schools; on
Wednesday, October 5, the Columbia
Park boys will give a vaudeville en
tertainment and on Friday a minstrel
show.
Prepare for Entertainment.
Hofmann has also developed consid
erable talent as a composer and will
play a number of original compositions
at the coming concerts scheduled for
the Alhambra Theater Tuesday and
Thursday nights. October 4 and 6, and
Saturday matinee, the Sth, under the
management of William Greenbaum.
The programmes will be particularly
varied and interesting and may be ob
tained at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, where
the sale of season seats opens next
Monday. Manager Greenbaum deems
himself fortunate in securing such a
great artist as Josef Hofmann to in
augurate his season.
Josef Hofmann, the only one of the
"wonder children" whose golden prom
ises of childhood have been fully real
ized, will again visit this city after an
absence of three years. No pianist who
has played here left more admirers
than did this clever young man, and
no one who heard his wonderful in
terpretations of the Beethoven works
and marvelous performance of the
great Tannhauser Overture transcrip
tion will forget the wild scenes of en
thusiam that ensued.
Odd Fellow cards In great variety at Edward
Knowles Company, 24 Second st.' .:.•".
Three Concerts Scheduled
for the First Week
in October.
FAMOUS YOUNG PIANIST WHO IS
SOON TO APPEAR IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
Chairman Connor took occasion to
make public statement of the fact that
previous to the Knizhts Templar con
clave the Street Committee had tried
to have the regular contracting firm,
Yorke .& Co., repair the pave
ment repaired in time for the parade of
Phelan building, where members of the
Public Works Board established the
notorious signs while thousands of
strangers were in the city, charging
the Supervisors with political animus
in their denial of sufficient funds to
improve the streets.
"The contractors' reply was, 'I would
never hear the last of It if I complied
with your request,' " explained Sup
ervisor Connor. "Of course, we knew
he meant that Inasmuch as he was the
regular contractor of the Board of
Works he did not wish to do anything
that would displease it. We made every
effort to have that bit of street patched
up and the Public Works Board, which
made such a hue and cry, was really
responsible for not having the pave
ment repaired in time for the parade of
the Knights Templar."
"Well, it comes from the intelligent
Board of Fire Commissioners, and let
It go at that," remarked Connor sar
castically, and the matter was dropped.
Braunhart objected to auditing
the claim of Gray Brothers for $7 a
month rental for each of the three
street sweeping machines used by the
Public Works Department. He learned
that the machines could be purchased
new from the factory at $320.
"This rent of $7 a month on that in
vestment amounts to extortion," said
Braunhart. "The machines of Gray
Brothers are old, too. The Public
Works Board has never made requisi
tion on the Supervisors for rental of
the machines,, as required by law. I in
sist that the : city ought to purchase
machines or prevail upon Gray Broth
ers to reduce their exorbitant price."
It was decided to ask the Finance
Committee to meet with the Street
Committee at 2:30 o'clock Friday to in
vestigate thoroughly the Street Sweep
ing Department as conducted by the
Works Board.
"There Is absolutely no justification
for that complaint," declared Chair
man Connor hotly. "That is the best
pavement In San Francisco and I
never heard of a fire horse falling
there. I don't believe there is any
necessity whatever to tear up that un
usually good pavement to replace it
with basalt."
"And the Public Works Board and
the Fire Commission," added Braun
hart, "ought to know the Supervisors
can appropriate no money for this
purpose, because there is no fund
available. The complaint and petition
should have been presented before the
budget was made up. It is really a re
flection on the Board of Supervisors
to ask us to appropriate funds when
it is a well-known fact that after the
budget has been made up there are no
other funds available."
Supervisors Connor, Braunhart and
Rock, sitting as the Street Commit
tee, yesterday freely voiced their dis
approval of the Public Works Board.
Supervisor Braunhart was particularly
severe in his remarks and Connor gave
him good reinforcement.
The Works Board, it was said, con
stantly makes demands on the Super
visors for appropriations when It Is
well known to air conversant with the
municipal government that there can
be no such appropriations, no pro
vision having been made for them in
the budget. The Supervisors declared
that tho Public Works officials are
aiming at a campaign of annoyance.
A communication from the Fire
Commission that had been transmitted
by. the Board of Public Works aroused
warm discussion in the committee. The
firemen complain that the grade of
Grant avenue, between Bush and Sut
ter streets, is so steep that on foggy
or rainy days the pavement becomes
dangerous' to the department horses.
A basalt pavement fourteen feet wide
in the middle of the street is desired
to replace the asphalt, the cost teing
estimated at $1500.
Both Dr. Taylor and Dr. Kenyon
were presented with tokens of appre
ciation for the work they had done
during conclave week. Dr. Kenyon re
ceived a silver tantalus and Dr. Tay
lor a cut glass decanter and set of
glasses. The' presentation was made
by Dr. Charjes S. Field in a graceful
speech that brought cheers from the
gathering and an enthusiastic chorus
of "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
Among those present were:
Dr. C. N Appel U. 6. A.; Dr. R. Smith.
Dr. Charles I,. Field. Dr. J. Black, Dr. C.
Pen-Ice. Dr. H. I. Jones. Dr. E. Barker. Dr.
F. B. Sutherland. Dr. C. l>. Gregory. Dr. W.
H. Crotherg. Dr. B. F. Alden. Dr. C. V.
Cross. Dr. A. P. H*U. Dr. P. W. Thomis,
Dr. W. Burgees. Dr. J. Wagoner. Dr. J. Soper,
Dr. E R. Bryant. Dr. O. E. Bushnell. Dr. T.
W. Ainsworth. Dr. W. . F. McNutt and Dr.
G. H. Evan?.
Sir Knight S. A. Clarke, captain of
Drill Corps Company B of California
Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar,
received a surprise last night from a
merry crowd of Sir Knights and ladies.
In recognition of the active work he
had done during the conclave. Captain
Clarke was presented with a chest of
silver. The set, which was made and
engraved by the Fleissner- Marshall
Company, is a triumph of the jewelers'
art. Sir Knight M. J. Savage made the
presentation speech. Captain Clarke
was very much affected by the gift.
Among those present were the fol
lowing Sir Knights:
Frank TaV. Dr. D. E. F. Easton. J. F.
Korbel. M. J Jeffers, G. Haberntcht. C. I>.
Beretta L. M. Gh!e*bach. J. P. Juer. T. G.
Jyiw TV. C Eva W. A. Duperu. H. S.
Elliott, J. S. Mills A. W. Rleon. W. G. Mur
ray Mrs. Clauseniuc. R. P. Hurlbut and W.
J Sawyer. The following ladle* attended:
Mr? W E Murray Mr?. H. S. Elliott. Mrs.
A Clarke and Miss L. McLaughlin.
The Kinghts Templar of the medical
profession who served during the re
cent Triennial Conclave were guests
last evening of Dr. A. Taylor at a ban
quet given at the San Francisco Club.
The affair was especially In honor of
Dr. C. G. Kenyon.
Founder's Day was observed at the
California School cf Mechanical Arts
yesterday, when the great body of stu
dents, numbering 410. rendered good
practical account of themselves in the
presence of a large gathering of citi
zens. After all the shops and depart
ments had been visited Principal
George A. Merrill and his staff received
hearty congratulations on the admir
able showing of their clever young pu-
P Founder"F Day is very dear t0 a11
connected with the school and it was
with great interest that the instructors
and students listened to the eloquent
eulogy of the late James Lick, the
founder, delivered by United States
Senator George C. Perkins. In the
course of his remarks the Senator laid
particular emrihafis upon the import
ance of every man being a self-sup
porting, self-reliant member of the
body politic. He reminded the stu
dents of their duties as citizens to work
for good government and upon his
hearers the necessity for a more inti
mate acquaintance with the machinery
of government, whether municipal.
State or national.
Alluding to the founder's personality.
his integrity and perserverance as a
workman, the Senator told of the great
respect Mr. Lick had for the good
workman, while for the man who was
not a thoroughly practical worker, the
man who could not show practical re
sults of gocd workmanship, he had not
much regard.
Frank J. Symmes presided in the ab
sence of President Horace Davis. The
other directors present were E. B.
Pond. Charles A. Murdock and John O.
Harron.
It has been urged that all the institu
tions founded by the late James Lick
Fhould generally observe September 21.
It was in the year 1S75 that he executed
his famous deed trust setting apart a
large amount of money for his numer
ous endowments, among which are the
Lick Observatory. Academy of Sci
ences, the Lick baths and the School of
Mechanical Arts.
E. Myron Wolf, State Insurance
Commissioner, after his crusade against
companies carrying on business .illegal
ly in Los Angeles and other southern
towns, has begun operations in this
city. Yesterday he secured warrants
from Police Judge Cabaniss for the ar
rest of four insurance agents who. he
alleges, represent companies unauthor
ized to conduct business in this State.
Two of them are H. A. Marchand and
C. B. F. Lincoln, representing the In
ternational Registry Company. They
furnish customers with a key, ring and
card case containing the name and de
scription of the person insured and a
policy with the Pennsylvania Life and
Accident Association.
C. M. Oakley is another defendant.
He represents the General Accident In
surance Corporation, which. Wolf al
leges, is not authorized to carry on its
business in this State. Oakley is also
co-defendant with Charles F. Blandln,
agent of the Mutual Reserve Life In
surance Company of New York. In all
of these cases the allegation is made
that neither the companies named nor
their agents have filed in the office of
the Insurance Commissioner the neces
sary penal bond of $2000 to enable them
to do business in this State.
"Wolf says that he will also sue
through the Attorney General to en
join the Mutual Benefit Co-operative
Society — Frank E. Dayman, manager —
from doing business in this State and
to revoke the certificate of incorpora
tion. It is incorporated under the laws
of this State. Manager Dayman claims
that he is not doing an insurance busi
ness, but Wolf says he has evidence to
the contrary.
Street Committee Disclaims
Responsibility for Holes
iii the Phelan Pavement
Captain S. A. Clarke of the
California Commandery Is
Given Chest of Silver
Commissioner Expresses a
Determination to Put End
to Evasions of the Law
Senator Perkins Pays High
Tribute to the Father of
the Noteworthy Institution
EULOGIZES THE DONOR
FIND ECONOMY LACKING
RECEIVES COSTLY GIFT
WARRANTS ARE ISSUED
Supervisors Braunhart and
Connor Engage Freely in
Criticism of Its Methods
At the San Francisco Club
Dr. A. Taylor Is Host to
Conclave Medical ' Staff
School of 3Iechanical Ails
Students Remember Date
of .lames Lick's Gift
E. Myron Wolf Begins Cru
, sade Against Companies
Not Filing Necessary Bonds
FOUNDER'S DAY
IS OBSERVED
MANY KNIGHTS
ARE BANQUETED
SCORE PUBLIC
WORKS BOARD
WILL PROSECUTE
INSURANCE MEN
JOSEF HOFMANN,
NOTED PIANIST,
WILL PLAY HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3Z, 1904.
16
'-% MAINE'S. I JSALETS; b
Pretty New Lace Veils, and to Sell at 75c
are among the latest arrivals, in green, royal, navy, brown, white
and black, chantilly net with lace effect worked around the bor-
der, and small figured dots. Others to $2.00.
Then there are burnt orange chiffon veils, with -hemstitched borders
and black velvet dots at 75c. "•"* »...•. *•' '¦¦\ri-
Crepe chiffon veil» In plain ef- Fancy nxe«n veiling at 50c; grad-
fects at 75c, with hemmed borders. uatln? chenille dots on the border.
drape over the hat. In the new white, orange on black, blue on
greens, browns, royals, cardinal. white brown on white. 40c and 75c
black and white; hemstitched rib- d It - one of the new est cf-
bon borders and graduated silk em- a >ara. ai a
broldered dots. feet a.
"Wooltex" ~~~ Baby Pillow Slips
Means splendidly tailored new At Less Than Half
fall suits for women, made of Beautiful pillow slips. If weliad
' „ . ' . , ,. . , , bought them for regular stock they
all-wool material — finished so wou id sc u at 65c 85c. $1 and $1.35-
thev fit and Stay fit — priced SO Because they are samples share
x . J .,, . -], r , £ „ them to-day at less than half, in
they are within the reach of all. two i ots>
See them at Hole's. Lot 1— At 25c-
Lot 2 — At 35c-
If YOU COOk With QaS They're all on the table in front of
These items from the' down- sU k by han^d and finished
Stairs Store will interest you. with fine lace; others are beautiful
Qtim Stoves 45c: Regular 75c kind, one linen with pretty open work. Others
burner, size 9x9. are half finished with silk embroidery
2-Burner Gas Stove $1.65: We"ll gruar- and the other half for you to work out.
antee it to give satisfaction. 25c and 35c.
Gas Tubing- 4o ft. The best quality. "^« ' L , Trl' : 'i
Ga» tighter* 9c. You zvil! zivnt to take home
Wax Tapers 5o cartoon: The kind that , ;. ¦ <. "
wont drip. California Souvenirs
Gas Ovens 98c: Instead of $1.50; dou- .. . .
bly lined so they retain the heat. You want to get them where you
They have two shelves, size 9x13. can choose from the most and the
Dutch Oven^ 90c; With cover for brais- t, cst# Tables full of useful as well
Aib»toV e Hat°i lei Bound with metal. « ornamental reminders just inside
9-inch size. the front entrance.
Acme Pry Pans 16c: Regularly 25c: The "Yucca palm" contributes pin
has cold handle, good size. cushion and the "Giant Redwoods"
send along bits of bark made up
Tlltnhlprc A t Or i nto different useful things.
i urn piers ai zc Then tnere are Pogta i card», with
*> r^iii s-i views of San Francisco, at 15c dos
JCIOr Jelly UlaSSeS And view booi« up to 81.2S.
Tumblers are large, perfect, clear Alillinerv
The jelly glasses have perfect fit- These thousands of beautiful
ting tin covers. . . ? , . t • t *
Both are finished smoothly. Both hat s are at their best now.
aTongVSh third floor thls mornln * Women say it's the largest dis-
Mason's Pruit Jaw — Pints 43c /i/jv in Sail FrailCtSCO. Cer-
doz.; quarts at 5oc doz.; half gal- * J
Ions at 69c doz. Complete with taill!\ the SIX-Store pOZVer IMS
Boyd porcelain-lined covers. - . . .
never done so much in bringing
<d^^^> *9a*£*^^ y° u come ond look, whether
Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. you &»>' <? r not.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ur ' ™ H v D ¦ of* I j] H
39 STOCKTON ST.. Wear Xaxkit.
Telephone Mala 5522.
Money Refunded at All Ttme« that Gooda
Do Not Prove Perfectly Satisfactory.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTErTpeTsq 37^c
Honey Lake Celebrated Mountain Batter.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per doz.... 42 He
Select white.
MINNESOTA E66S, per doz 27 y z t
Another carload Just arrived.
STANDARD BISGUITCO. FANCY BISCUITS
: 2 lbs for 25c
Full line. Her. 20c lb.
HEW BUCK FIBS ...4 lbs for 25c
RigT. 10c lb.
FINE LUCCA OLIVE OIL -.qts 50c, pts 30c
Our own Importation. Re*. Me and 33c.
VIRGIN CASTILE SOAP, per bar 25c
Re;. 30c.
PEA BEANS 7 lbs for 25c
Regr. 5 for 23c.
TONGUE OR BLOOD SAUSAGE, per can 20c
Made in Germany. Reg:. 30c.
APETITSILD 2 cans for 25c
Norwegian delicacy. Regr. 13c eacn.
FAMILY BOURBON . . per bot 60c, gal S2.50
Price and quality suit everybody.
Regr. 75c and $3.00.
ASTORRYE per bo! 90c. gal S4.00
Made In spring 'SO. Regr. (1.23 and $3.00.
CABINET COCKTAILS : par bot 75c
Whiskey, Manhattan. Martini, Gin.
Reg;. $1.00.
PORT and SHERRY. per bot 25c, gal $1.00
Well agred wises. Regr. 35c and $1.50.
MOTT'S CIDER. qts 25c, doz $2.90
pts 15c, doz $1.75
Rer. 85c, 13.60; 20c. and $2.23.
FRENCH and ITALIAN VERMOUTH. . bot 50c
Regrular 60c
Pears'
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Sold all over the world.
The quantity of the food taken is not
the measure of its nourishment. The
quality is what counts. Many babies
take large quantities of food and get a
small amount of nourishment. Mel-
lin's Food babies take a 3mall quan-
tity of food and get a Urge amount
of nourishment. Send for our book
" Mellin's Food Babies."
MEL.LIN'3 POOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The sale of Columbus
Buggies and Carriages
formerly owned by
Glenn Bros., I32I Mar-
ket street, still contin-
ues. We have bought
this stock and have sold
at cost, or less, I38 vehi-
cles in 10 days. The
store is for rent on Oc-
tober 1st, and there are
still 200 jobs to be sold,
including Surreys, Bug-
gies, Runabouts, Phae-
tons' and a general line
of fine work.
This is an opportunity
if you need a carriage.
Rros.(1pmmny
1321-23-25 ; Market St,
San Francisco, Cal.
MARKS BROS.
A Remarkable
Skirt Sale
• A SPECIAL PURCHASE by our
New York buyer enables us to sell
these Fall Skirts at* prices that* are
without an equal outside of "Marks
WE GIVE YOU A OA h R
PICTURE OF THIS 0 I- *J
$5.00 SKIRT AT u —
Jt^^&^r^ks. *^^-*^^-^— itK/K^Ci.
5P^£:?\ or th/s
¦ \ : ] \ -\ RUNABOUT
' \ \ \ SKIRT
Skirt, like cot, made. of mannish
suitings and all-wool covert cloth ;
full plaited bottom. A host of styles
and colors to . make your selection
from. You can't* help but find just,
what* you want*.
SMART AND STYLISH RUNABOUT
SKIRTS, $7.50 C A OR
KINDS. FORONLY tf if' JU
This is an ideal lot* of Skirts - the
finest* products of foremost* manu-
facturers; kilted effect; elegantly
tailored throughout*. Range of
choice for style, materials and colors
are very wide.
DON'T M ISS THESE MONEY- |
SAVERS TO-DAY.
QUALITY OF SKIRTS HIGH.
PRICES LOW.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
APyraiTisEMEyrs.
U Last week of the big sale. See a few of our sample prices 11
H below. Enough like these to fill this page. Come and., see ||
H them. LIBERAL CREDIT, OF COURSE. m
B«T ' Covch lor $6.75 fj-ffi CoccK furi-ii'Ji '*"!^J3!!hifcta. w§8
S Tfct S13 Clipper Couch \ $S$9 COCfcli "fo«*4r*33O' HI