VOLUME XCVI— XO. 116.
KUROPATKIN TO RETIRE
FROM MUKDEN WITHOUT
RISKING PITCHED BATTLE
PAEIS. Sept. 24. — TheMatiirs St. Petersburg correspondent telegraphs as follows: "Telegrams, of which the general staff have as yet no knowledge, reached I
can affirm that they concern Port Arthur, regarding which the greatest anxiety prevails at court. > The Japanese are now engaged in a general assault, which is more furious than its predecessors, attack-
Ing the town on three sides simultaneously and employing their whole forces, being determined to finish the business. Russian mines blew up whole battalions. General Fock especially distinguished
himself, directing the fire from the wall, which the Japanese reached after indescribable massacre. The whole of Admiral Togo's and Vice Admiral Kamimura's squadrons are aiding the struggle, which,
it is feared, will be final. The besieged forces are fighting as in a furnace. A perfect storm of shell is falling on the town, port and fortress from the hills and roadstead. General Stoessel is going
from fort to fort encouraging the defenders in their desperate efforts. In St. Petersburg the facts concerning the tragic events, which perhaps will terminate in a glorious fall of Port Arthur, are wholly
unknown. At court hope has not yet been entirely abandoned."
WITH APPALLING SLAUGHTER PORT ARTHUR RESISTS THE FINAL ASSAULT;
JAPANESE ATTACK BY LAND AND SEA AND THE STRONGHOLD SEEMS DOOMED
San Francisco people are not the only sufferers by the untimely and unexpected Septem
ber storm. From all parts of the State, Tvith the exception of the far south, comes word that
heavy shozi'crs of rain arc falling. In the fruit-raising sections much damage has been done,
particularly to the grape crop, and to the fruit spread out in the fields to dry.
The storm that swept over the city Thursday night and yesterday did thousands of dol
lars' ivorih of damage. For three hours last night a terrific thunder-storm raged. A bolt ¦ of
lightning struck a telegraph pole at Fillmore and Bay streets, burning out all the zvires in the dis
trict. The hardware firm of Dunham, Cari'igan & Hayden lost $12,000 in a flooded basement.
AUTUMN STORM BRINGS
WOE TO FARMERS AND
UPSETS THE URBANITES
j THE "HUMAN PYRAMID"— JAPANESE METHOD OF SCALING THE WALLS AT PORT ARTHUR.
Continued , on Page 2, " Column • 2.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on * Page 2, Column 4.
Raidinc Cruisers'' Returning Home,
SUEZ, Sept. 23.~The Russian auxil
iary , cruisers" St.', Petersburg and Smo
lensk arrived here to-day." - ,»
Russian Cruiser Leaves Las Palmas.
LAS PALMAS, Canary. Islands. Sept.
2S. : — The British cruisers St.* George
and Brilliant arrived here, and anchor
ed this morning. The Russian cruiser
Terek, which began coaling here yes
terday.'but'was ordered to leave Las
Palmas, following instructions re
ceived from Madrid, sailed to-day.
1 BIUKDEX, • Sept. 23.— The military
authorities continue to express' the be
lief that' a battle will be f ought near
Mukden "within a few days, but on the
other > hand the Chinese assert that
hostilities are. remote.- A war balloon
was sent "up .to-day, southeast of Muk
den, which , seems to ] indicate that the
Japanese are expected to appear in
tliat direction. \ .
yabinsk '. was the cause of . the .recent
untimelylbreakdown in the forwarding
of troops. — --v., -;-~- -
Prtnce.Khilkoff to-day formally open
ed ' the . Circum-Baikal Railroad, . upon
T whlph ;20&0' "workmen have* been em
ployed. * Some 70,000,000 . J rubles (J35,'
000,000); itUs estimated, will be required
-for * railroad * construction alone ' in the
NEWMAN, Sept. 23.— As a special
passenger train, bringing Newman peo
ple back from the Ringling circus at
Fresno, reached a point just north of
Dos Palos I late last night, a blaze of
fire on the track caught the eye of the
engineer and he brought the train to
a stop. Leaving his cab and going for
ward he found a man lying beside the
track in a fainting condition, one> leg
having been ,cut off. He had been
struck by a southbound freight train a
few minutes before.
The man was alone and but for the
possession of a newspaper and a match
and the nerve to .make the brief flash
of , fire that brought' the ..special to a
stop at just the, right time, .would have
bled to death beside the track. ;
He was i sent to « Fresno on the Owl
to receive treatment. > ; I .. v
The nervy ! fellow's name is John F.
Carroll. He is a machinist.--
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plash o! Light Brings
Aid to Victim
of Train.
TSINGTAU. Sept. 23. — A Russian
naval, officer : here has received official
advices that cholera has appeared at
Port Arthur. Up to September 19
there. were only a few cases, but' there
arc crave fears that the disease would
become epidemic. , •
LONDON, Sept. 24.— .The corre
spondent at - Kobe of. the Daily Ex
press, telegraphing on September 23,
says' that the Japanese seized the
British ' steamship Crusader In the
Tsugaru Strait and took her to Hak
odate. - . i : ; ;^ ¦*>;¦' -^C
General Sakharoff reports that the
Japanese army la moving from Bent
siaputze toward Fu pass, six miles
northeast of Mukden and near the
right bank of the Hun River. The
river at this point is shallow and prob
ably for this reason the locality has
been selected by the Japanese for
crossing." If the Japanese gain a foot
hold at Fu pass. General Kuropatkln's
position at Mukden will be insecure, as
the Japanese will thence be able to
threaten the Russian line of communi
cations. Fu pass is only twenty miles
north of Bentsiaputze. but at the pres
ent rate of progress the Japanese prob
ably will occupy four or five days in
traversing these twenty miles.
The Russian force south of Mukden
is believed to consist of only one army
corps, which Is acting as a rear-guard
and is not intended to offer serious re
sistance to the Japanese.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept- 24, 2:45 a.
m.— Absence of detailed reports from
the 3eat of war, despite the important
character of events that " are believed
to be developing around JJakden, leads
to the supposition that General Kuro
patkin, after all, may not seriously
contest the Japanese advance and the
long expected battle at Mukden may
turn out to be merely a rear-guard
action on a large scale.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 23.— In
spite of -repeated affirmations .to the
contrary, there are undoubted indica
tions that* the second Pacific squadron
will leave -the Baltic so that, under
economical coal consumption. and mod
erate-speed, it . will ¦ reach Port Arthur
in January. ' Then, with greatly aug
mented forces, General Kuropatkin will
time himself for a simultaneous effort
to' reach the defenders : of the fort,
while Admiral Wiren will leave the
harbor and attack the Japanese fleet.
Admiral Bireleff," commander- at . the
Kronstadt Navy Yard, ; has been or
dered to work night and day , unceas-^
ingly upon "the ironclad Orel/ the cruls-*
ers Olep ahdrjemchug and the trans
port Kamchatka, so that they may join
the main fleet, now lying at Lib'au, with
the utmost rapidity.! The orders are
imperative that : they, quit; Kronstadt
on Sunday," while the Izumarum is be
ing pushed ! forward' and will leave : oh
Thursday, next. .' j, : ; ¦ : . . •,
gg As showing how urgent the departure
of : the ; fleet Is considered, V every avail
able mechanlc;at ; Kronstadt .has been
called vupon.'for ,;extra;time and work.
The navy# yard I also! has been ' heavily
drawn; upon; for," assistance and every,
man has been : urged to ; work at high
pressure.- * •,*'.- : ', '"?' . .'. . ./¦ ;;.. ' ¦ ¦ " ,- : . .
L , Of , course, after the adoption of, such
plans, : the i greatest , anxiety^ exists lest
Port Arthur fall. .It^ also is feared that
the stock! of ? eoalv there will ; give ; out."
as • much isubeing; used ¦ for:- condensing
water since- the regular supply was cut
off. 1 / ¦:¦¦::::-¦'•.::: ;/:,:>:: r ,. .-*¦,:_.'. ,
"•' An " accident : on . the - railroad • at . Chelr
Special Cable .to The Call ; and New , York
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 23.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin telegraphs that the
Japanese have assumed the offensive
from Bentsiaputze, on Fu Pass, which
is on the railroad between Mukden and
Fushun, | about twelve miles from
Mukden.
Retreat Will Be Pro
tected by Rear
Guard Action.
Hope Is Deferred for
Stoessel's Gallant
Men.
War Bulletins.
MAN'S LIFE
IS SAVED
BY MATCH
Arrangements are being made to
have her taken to the home for the
feeble minded. A-, <•
LINCOLN, ;Neh4, i Sept,. % 23^-Twelve- .
year-oloff Margaret 5 " the child
of William -Stumpf, 1 a wealthy afreet
railway man and banker, was discov
ered to-day by the police in her
father's stable, where she had been
confined for five years. As a child her
mind had been weak and rather than
have her around the house her parents
had taken this means of putting her
out of the way.
None of the neighbors knew that the
Stumpfs had a daughter, so closely was
their secret guarded.
When the police entered the barn the
girl, entirely unclad, was seated on
the straw in one of the stalls. It was
explained by her father that she could
not be made to wear clothing.
During her long, solitary confinement
she had grown to the size of a mature
woman, but her hands and face are
abnormally small. She has completely
lost the power of conversation, and,
when she tries to talk, is only able to
utter unintelligible grunts. When the
police officers entered her prison to
day she greeted them with a loud cry,
like that of a wild animal.
Before she was placed in the prison
the girl was wont to amuse herself by
tearing her clothing from her back,
and, if permitted, would treat other
members of the family in the same
way. She w«is taken in charge by the
police matron, who discovered that she
had no knowledge of how to feed her
self. V. 'ii::r ;
Special < Dispatch ; to ¦ Th« ¦> Call.
Parents Guard Secret So Closely That
Neighbors Fail to Learn of
Girl's Captivity;
After the flash of lightning' struck
the telegraph pole the neighborhood
was in a state of panic until the thun
derstorm died down. That bolt de
stroyed the entire telephone service of
the district. Fire alarms were made
useless .and the electric fuse in the.
North End Police Station was burnt
out.
With a portion of the roof open to
the skies, in the course of repair, the
6outh end of the big Ferry Building
was caught In the storm Thursday
night and between JSOOO and $9000
worth of damage was done. The open-
Meanwhile, the torrent of water
rushed down the steep hill and the re
gion at its foot, known as Cow Hollow,
became an inland sea. Cellars were
flooded, and in many cases wooden
structures were almost undermined.
While Ihe men were at work a bolt
of lightning with a blinding flash shat
tered a telegraph pole near them. The
thunder clap that followed almost
blinded the laborers for a while and
they were forced to abandon their
task temporarily.
A torrent of water rushing down
Fillmore street last night tore a great
hole in lhat thoroughfare near. Bay
Ftreet. The Board of Public Works
Eent forty men to the place. All night
long the laborers tolled in the rain,
building a levee to check the cataract.
With sacks of sand they were able to
Btop the damage to a Email extent, but
the torrent did not loose in volume.
LIGHTNING BOLT STRIKES.
Andrew Carrigan estimates the dam
age sustained by the firm as being over
$12,000. Besides the damage done to
the hardware, account books and valu
able documents have been ruined. The
Ioes from this source the firm has not
been able to estimate.
The two millionaires and society men
worked meadily beside their employe in
a desperate endeavor to save their
"goods. By morning the trio were al
most exhausted.
When the employes of Dunham, Car
rigan & Hayden began to \roop to work
In the morning they were treated to a
Eight of their president working as
hard as a laborer. The millionaire was
covered. with mud and perspiration and
doggedly toiling at the pump. A gang
cf laborers was set to work at the min
iature cellar lake.
The watchman telephoned to the res
idence of Andrew Carrigan, president
of the firm. He rose from his bed,
dretped himself in an old hunting suit,
and hurried to the scene in a hack.
His younger brother, Joseph Carrigan,
accompanied him.
Realizing that it would be hard to
find help at that hour and that prompt
ection was necessary. President Carri
gan removed his coat and with the as
eiFtance of his brother and the watch
man buckled to. They detached the
pump connected with the elevator and
fret to work against the flood.
WORK LIKE LABORERS.
Thunder and lightning and pelting
rhowers of rain have kept San Fran
cisco indoors for two nights. Down
town in the flat section of the city big
lskes of water formed in the streets.
Thousands of dollars' worth of dam
ape was done by the flood. The rain
hiorm swept down from the north
Thursday and drenched the entire
country from Puget Sound to the Te
hacbiipi. It may last for several days.
Last night a blinding flash of light
ring lit up the city at about 7 o!clock-
From that hour till late at night rain
Jell almost continuously and brilliant
Hashes of lightning appearing in rapid
succession illumined the murky sky,
v.hi'e the thunder rolled continuously.
With a. rending crash one bolt struck
a telephone pole at Fillmore and Bay
street*.
It was the rainiest day in thirteen
years and the wettest September day
in the history of the local Weather
iJureau. There was just enough dry
v.eather in the morning to permit the
Odd Fellows to parade. Then the i
heavens opened and the record break
ins flood resumed its progress. Dur
ing the -4 hours that preceded 5 o'clock
last night 3.0S inches of rain fell.
One of the heaviest losers by the
etorrn is Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den, wholesale hardware merchants at
17 Beale street. Early yesterday morn
ing a cave in of the basement wall
admitted a flood of water. The ware
house filled and water soaked into the
vault where the firm's private papers
v <-re kej>t.
GAZELLE, Sept. 23.- -The fall of rain
.which began yesterday still continues,
making an acceptable change in the at
mosphere, as typhoid and mountain
fever were developed by the recent hot
spell.
NAPA, Sept. 23.— A heavy wind and
rain storm visited Napa' Thursday and
to-day and rain" is falling to-night. The
rainstorm is one -of the heaviest in this
vicinity in September in many years.
It will do considerable damage to hay.
much of which has been left stacked
or baled in the fields. Grapes were be
ing hauled to cellars, and the crop on
the vines will be injured, especially if
'hot weather follows the rain.
REDDING, Sept. 23.— In the twenty
four hours ending at 7 ' o'clocR this
evening 3.26 inches of rain fell here,
making a total of 3.47 inches for the
storm and season. Rain is still falling.
Drying fruit will be ruined where
caught out.- Stock raisers are bemoan
ing,the destruction of the dry feed, al
though the green feed will be started if
the weather moderates, j-
SAN DIEGO.v Sept. 23.— San Diego
was. visited by a slight sprinkle last
evening. It Is cloudy to-day, but clear
ing.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— The storm
which has-been' raging in ; the northern
end of the State has not reached South
ern California as yet, though* the
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 23.— The grape
growers of this locality have suffered
a loss of thousands of dollars from the
present st $ orm. The grape season was
in its height when the rain began, but
r.ow all shipments to the East have
been stopped. Most of the grapes that
remain on the vines will be ruined, be
cause the moisture will cause decay as
soon as the grapes are picked. The
bean crop which was Just beginning to
be harvested has also suffered great
loss. The total rainfall for this storm
amounts to more than two Inches, the
greatest precipitation ever recorded fo-.
a September storm.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 23.— A
heavy rainfall in this county to-day re
sulted in much damage to crops, beans
in -particular suffering. The threshing
season has just opened, and thousands
of tons of beans are still in pod in the
fields.
In Santa Maria and Los Alamos dis
tricts an average of an inch of rain fell
during the day, an inch and a half be
ing reported from one section in four
hours.
RAIN IS WELCOMED.
STOCKTON, Sept. 23.— The untimely
rain of last night and to-day has
caused a loss to the growers in this
county of fully $250,000. If the rain
should continue forty-eight hours, and
there seems a prospect that it will, the
loss will reach half a million dollars.
That statement is made by J. B. Me
loche, who is in close touch with the
condjtions. . Table , grapes and beans
suffer the. most, though onions are also
hurt considerably. The rain could '"not
have • come , at- a worse;, time for; the
beans. 7 The 'effect will ,be to advance
prices fully 25- per cent on beans. Wine
grapes are not injured; on the contrary,
they* are benefited. The recent hot
spell had "begun to dry them out and
increase the sugar to an undesirable
extent.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Up to 10:30 a.
m. to-day, one and thirty-hundredths
inches of rain has fallen in this valley
since last evening, and in the foot
hills the precipitation has been fully
twice as much. Reports indicate that
many wine and table grapes are hope
lessly damaged, and that many hun
dred tons of prunes, still on the ground,
will be a total loss. The bulk of the
crop, however, has been picked, and
where the trays were stacked the dam
age -v lil be slight.
FRESNO, Sept. 23.— The first show
ers of the season freshened things
about Fresno County to-day and this
evening. Rain has been pouring
steadily though not heavily. Many
seem glad to welcome the rain, but the
raisin growers who have their trays in
the field are down in the mouth. It
means the loss of many dollars. Plenty
of warnings was given by Weather
Bureau Observer Bolton, but some of
the ranchers delayed stacking their
trays till too late. Those still in the
field probably will be spoiled.
GRAPE GROWERS LOSE.
Horse Stall in Her Wealthy
Father's Stable the
Child's Habitat.
Storm's Local Dam
age Amounts to
Thousands.
Rain Falls in Nearly
Every Section of
the State.
Outside the heads the wind was much
stronger than ashore. The velocity at
Point Reyes was seventy miles an
hour. The storm centered yesterday
at Eureka and was not moving in any
direction at last accounts. , t ; .. .
When the center of the disturbance
starts on its trip again it will head
for San. Francisco unless (here is a
marked change in pressure' over the
Northwest. .Willson forecasts . more
heavy showers* for San * Francisco to
day.
In the Mission the streets were flood
ed at several 1 points, but no great "dam
age was done. Sewers were broken
by the pressure of water at ¦ Polk ' and
The foundations of the house occu
pied by Mrs. E. Ludwlg at 3 Lycett
place were washed away by a sudden
rush of water. She was obliged to
leave all her belongings in the totter
ing building: and seek shelter in the
home of a neighbor. The house may
collapse at any moment.
Yesterday was . the rainiest day .in
thirteen years, Forecaster Willson
says, and the rainiest September day
in the history of the weather bureau.
Forecaster Willson gave the people a
clear morning for the Odd Fellows'
parade, but in the afternoon he again
let loose his showers. The rainfall
for the twenty-four hours preceding
5 o'clock last night was Z.V9 inches.
The rainiest day San Francisco has
known since 1850 was on December
19, 1866, when 7.76 inches of rain fell
in twenty-one hours. From 11:45
o'clock Thursday night to 1:45 yes
terday morning the rainfall amouted
to 1.24 inches. From 12:35 to 12:45
yesterday morning nearly a third of
an inch of rain fell. The exact meas
urement was .32 of an inch and is the
record for the time mentioned.
During Thursday night there were
two thunder storms. The wind was
liRht from the south throughout the
storm. The bean and raisin crops -will
suffer greatly according to the Weather
Bureau. The ground does not need
moisture at this time and the only
good that the downpour will' do so far
as is known is to extinguish the forest
fires in the north.
H 1 Gli WIND AT SEA.
DRIVEN FROM HOME.
Wine kegs in Chevalier & Co.'s
wine vaults at 9 Beale street were
afloat when the employes arrived to
work yesterday morning. The place
is still half full of water. Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson, 227 Market street,
sustained slight damage from the su
perfluity of water. The pressroom of
the Brunt Printing Company on Clay
street had several feet of water in it.
A gang of men at the Enterprise
Brewery were at work all day pump
ing out the flood that rushed into the
brewing department yesterday morn
ing.
Baker & Hamilton, hardware mer
chants at 2 Pine street, are heavy los
ers. Their warehouse containing
many thousands of dollars in stock
was flooded.
The direct cause of this costly acci
dent Is due to the fact that-; in mak
ing repairs to the slate ' roof of the
building broken bits of slate and plas
ter got into the gutters and drain pipes,
choking these outlets and thus dam
ming the water on the roof to fall
finally Into the rooms and- the nave be
low. In many places, the workmen
were obliged to dig through the solid
concrete to get at and clear the pipes.
The work of drying and repairing the
damage v.ill be hurried forward as
rapidly as possible. >
All over the wholesale district pools
in the streets overflowed and descend
ed into basements, where valuable
merchandise was stored. Nothing
like a complete estimate of the dam
age done in this manner can yet be
made. At a late hour last night some
of the warehouses were still deluged
despite the efforts of gangs of men to
clear them.
ings In the roof are directly over the
rooms of the State Harbor Commis
sion and the secretary's as well as
the Chief Engineer's apartments were
literally awash yesterday morning
when these offices were opened.
In the secretary's office the water
poured down the walls ruining the
plaster and flooding: the floors. The
carpets were soaked and the costly fur
niture damaged. Almost every official
record book and paper of the Harbor
Commission was more or less injured
by the water that streamed down the
walls and fell from the ceiling. In the
engineer's department the flood played
havoc with walls, furniture and car
pets and completely destroyed many
valuable records of the office. Maps,
plans and specifications of construction
work are Injured in many cases beyond
repair.
DESCENDS THROUGH ROOF. *
Police Rescue: Insane
Daughter of a
Banker.
IMPRISONED
FIVE YEARS
IN A BARN
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ' endinsr
znidnisrht, September 24:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Showers Saturday: brisk south
erly wind.
a. e. wx&iiSOVi
Local Poreeaster.
Temporarily in Charsre.
TEE WEATHEE.
TBS THEATERS.
0 —^——
Alcazar — "Monbars."
California — "Ten of tks DTTr
berville." ,
Central— "FAllen by th« Way
side."
- Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "¦Wizard of Oa."
rischer's — "Miss Mi2nm»."
Grand — "Princess Pan Tan."
Majestic — "The Altar of Friend
ship." :
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.RENO, Sept. 23.— Growing tired while
walking along the line of the Los*An
geles and San Pedro Railroad,' near
Moapa, in Lincoln County. W. H. Wil
liamson, lay down beside the track,
used the rail for a pillow and went to
sleep. Shortly afterward a train came
and ran over him. The wheels passed
over the unfortunate man's neck and
severed the head from the body.
Williamson came to Nevada from
Philadelphia, where his relatives re
side. He had been employed on the
railroad.
coming year. The largest portion will
be used for repairs on the Trans-Si
berian.
The utmost preparations are being
made for a winter campaign. 'A prom
inent furrier tells me that the Japan
ese, during the last three years, have
bought up vast quantities of fur
"toulonps" at the Novgorod fairs, in
anticipation of their present needs.
Continued From Page 1, Column 0.
WllTO PETITIONS COURT
FOR TEMPORARY DIVORCE
Believes n Brief Separation Will Bring
Her Erring Husband to
Terms.
LAPORTE, Ind., Sept. 23. — Mrs.
Mollie Rotzen of this county is plain
tiff in an unusual divorce suit. She
has petitioned the court to grant her
a temporary divorce, making no de
nial of her affection for her husband,
but setting forth in her complaint
that existing conditions have caused
an estrangement which she believes
time will heal. She therefore vasks for
a divorce for a determinate period,
when the marriage vows may again
be assumed. ,In the interim she prays
the court that her husband pay her
alimony sufficient for her support.
The action is said to be the first
brought under the recent act of the
Legislature providing for determinate
periods of divorce and in this action
the constitutionality of the law will
be tested.
Russia Will Not Alter Her Position
as Regard Fuel.
HOPE IS DEFERRED FOR DEFEHDERS
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept 23.—Ac
cording to the present status of the
negotiations of the United States and
Great Britain with Russia on the mat
ter of contraband of war, foodstuffs
j alone have been formally declared
conditional contraband. Russia has
{ notified Great Britain that she has no
intention to depart from her original
view that coal is absolutely contra
band. At the same time, it is under
stood that Foreign Minister LamsdorfC
has given Sir Charles Hardlnge, the
British Embassador, a verbal assur
ance of Russia's desire to apply the
rule with the greatest leniency.
+ +
TORONTO. Ont.. Sept. Z3. — E. J. Davis.
Commissioner of Crown Lancia and * memhfr
of tlia Ontario Legislature, has been unseated
as a result of a petition against his return fur
North York at tne bye election in February.
1903. This leaves the Government without »
majority on the floor. The Speaker, however,
haa the privilege of casting a vote in the c.u»
of a tie. .
The oiled stage road of the Southern Pacific
route had very little dust, but that little has
been laid by the recent rains. Travelers who
take advantage of the low round trip rate o?
f IS 50, offered until October 13, will find the
Southern Pacific route almost perfect. This
rate doesn't mean just a trip to Ycsemite and
back; It includes Pullman accommodation?
both ways, Insuring absolute comfort: meals
and lodgings at first-class hotels and carriage
drives to all principal points of interest in
the valley. But most Important Is the visit
to the California Biff Trees, which Is also
included. These famous trees — "Grizzly Giant."
"W'awona" and others— can be seen in no
other way. Ask about this offer to-day at
Southern Pacific office. 613 Market st. •
Southern Pacific Offers Reduced Rates
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23. — An at
tempt at suicide was made last night
by George Moulton, an Oakland man.
who for some months has been resid
ing in this vicinity. He had been
drinking heavily and this and a love
affair caused him to make the attempt
on his life. He took a dose of strych
nine.
Tries to End His Ufe.
Japanese Capture the Towns of Tie
ling and Sanlungku.
TOKIO, Sept. 23. — An official tele
gram reports that fights took plac«
at the towns of Taeling and Sanlungku.
sixty miles northeast of Liaoyansr, on
September 20. The dispatch says:
"Our detachment advanced through
Heiniuchuang on. September 20 and
attacked the enemy, consisting of one
company of infantry, some cavalry
and a machine gun. stationed at
Tieling, and a battalion of infantry,
500 cavalry, six rapid-firing and one
machine gun, stationed at Sanlungku,
which lies eight miles/ north of Tae
ling. The Russians, wno were driven
oft to the northward, left nineteen
dead behind them. We captured some
spoils. Our losses were very slight."
COAL ABSOLUTELY CONTRABAND.
NOVEL POINT RAISED BY
LAWYERS IX DAMAGE SUIT
Attorneys Claim Action Against Ship
ping Firm Should Be Brought
Where Vessel Is Chartered.
ASTORIA, Ore., Sept. 23.— A case of
far-reaching importance is before Cir
cuit Judge McBrlde for decision. The
action is that of Charlotte Grimburc
vs. The Columbia River Packers* As
sociation to recover $5000 damages for
the death of her husband, who was
killed by falling from the mast of the
ship St. Nicholas, under charter of the
defendant corporation, but owned by
G. W. Hume & Co. of San Francisco.
The defendants' attorneys • raise the
point that the vessel was part of the
State of California, and that the ac
tion should have been- brought there,
while the plaintiff's attorneys contend
that the charter of the ship to the
local concern made her a part of Ore
gon during the life of the charter*
La<-e House Flooded With Water and
Street Work Is Injured.
OAKLAND, Sent. 23. — A record
breaking downpour of rain, coming at
a time when little or no provision had
been made for a storm, damaged the
stocks of several mercantile firms last
night and played havoc with street
work under way by contractors and
city officials.
H. C. Capwell & Co. of the Lace
House estimate their loss at $20,000.
They are the principal sufferers from
the flood. Defective and inadequate
drain pipes on the roof of the Blake
block, occupied by the Lace House,
forced the water to the center of the
roof, where it flowed into the skylight
and from there down to the street
floor and basement. For hours the
water percolated through a stock of
fine dry goods, carrying ruin In every
direction and forcing the firm to lock
its doors to-day, suspending business
for twenty-four hours.
Goods in the tailoring house of A. S.
Colin at 1071 Broadway were dam
aged by rain, which filtered through a
skylight. The loss is about $500.
Blankets in the basement of Kahn
Bros, were damaged; loss $250.
Street contractors estimate their
losses by the storm at about $5000
and the city has street work damaged
in about the same proportion.
The rainfall is the heaviest in Sep
tember for thirty years.
HEAVY DAMAGE IN OAKLAND.
Soon to Appear at Stanford
University.
His. Company of Woodland Players
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — Ben Greet
and his woodland players have flown—
not back to Europe, but to San Fran
cibco, where the air is still balmy and
a welcome from the Leland Stanford
Jr. University awaits them.
Greet telegraphed his intentions to
a New York friend to-day, which is
the first information of him Broadway
has had since his arrival. He Is his
own manager, advance man and book
ins agent.
An engagement of the woodland
players in Chicago will be concluded
to-morrow night and on Sunday morn-
Ing the company will start for the Pa
cific Coast. Most all of Greet's en
gagements are played on a guarantee
basis. The company flits like a covey
of swallows to the warmest climes. It
expects to play al fresco tin the snow
flies, any way.
The Ben Greet season so far is said
t> have been very good.
PREPARING TO RESIST
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
TACOMA. Sept. 23. — Northwestern
coal companies are forming a combine
to resist the Standard Oil aggression
in the fuel trade. California fuel oil
is toeing shipped here and many
steaming plants are making- use of it.
Thf <oal market is going down to bed
rock and the owners 6ee breakers
«head unless coal is restored to favor.
Strikes at several mines cannot be
on account of reduced wages,
made imperative through the poor
m;;rket for the product.
ATTACHES WELL TREATED.
Tims Declares British Officer With the
Japanese Army.
LONDON, Sept. 24. — The Times'
Tokio correspondent telegraphs as fol
lows: Lieutenant General Sir William
Nicholson, director general of the
military intelligence of the British
War Office, who was appointed to ob
serve the movements of the Japanese
army, has returned to Tokio, owing to
sickness. He emphatically denies the
stories of illiberal treatment of for
eign attaches by the Japanese staff
and declares that it would have been
Impossible to show great courtesy,
grant larger facilities or repose fuller
confidence.
General Nicholson expresses the
highest appreciation of the skill of
the Russian military engineers and re
gards the Japanese capture of the
Liaoyang entrenchments as an ex
traordinary feat of arms..
— » — «
RUSSIAN'S DRIVEN BACK.
By Sally Sharp.
The Sequoia Club made its debut at
the St. Francis last night In the social
life of San Francisco, and with flow
ers and music and good-fellowghip was
it welcomed, as over the punch — which
was distinctly good — came the toast,
"Here's to the Sequoia! May it have
the enduring life and the alluring hos
pitality of its namesake."
It wasn't nice of Mr. McAdle to be
off visiting on such an auspicous date —
and without so much as~leavlng orders
for decent weather. It rained, and
thundered, and shot forked lightning
at the hour of 9, but it didn't dampen
the congenial spirits who are on the
Sequoia's charter list-— for a goodly
hundred had checked umbrellas before
William Greer Harrison took the floor
in the red -room to sav things. Among
the later was thp delicious announce
ment that "the law of the Sequoia Club
is that there shall be no law." Cheers!
Mr. Harrison is a trump! In his own
good way, he presented some clever
people 'who do things— and who do
them cleverly. Among the latter were
George Chase, who gave some ex
quisite Hawaiian melodies on the vio
lin; Miss M. McCloskey, Miss Kruger,
accompanied by Miss Julia Thorp, and
Mr. G. Campbell, some fine vocal num
bers; Miss S. Slater, a piano solo, and
John McNaught and Alfred J. Water
house some mighty pretty stories. And
meanwhile, were there punch and con
versation.
The green room— the real home of the
club— was graced with green things
from the canyons over the bay, and on
the walls hung four fascinating pic
tures from the willing hands of S.
Maynard Dixon, Xavier Martinez, G. F.
R. Piazzonl and John M. Gamble.
Among those who wandered about
the reception rooms chatting and
listening were:
Etienne 1>. Lanel. French Consul General:
Courtenay &. . Bennett. British Consul, and
Mrs. Bennett; Paul Kosakevitcb. Ctussian Con
sul; Miss Frances JolllfTe. Mr. and Mrs. Mark
Gerstle. Mis* Marie Wells, Captain and Mrs.
Keatinfr. Miss Kate Ueaver, Mr. and Mm.
Glascock, Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Hussett, Miss
Gleason. Miss Bertha Monroe Rickhoff. the
Mis»p« Johnston of Santa Barbara, W. J. Mc-
Coy, Mrs. Albert Gerberdlng:, Mr». S." S. Norris
Mr. and Mrs. Crouda«e, S. Maynard Dixon',
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard. George Dutton,
Miss Ednah Robinson. Miss Katherlne Ball.
•Mies Grlawold* Mrs.* Ernest S. Simpson, Mr.
BEX GREET IS OX WAY
TO THE GOLDEX STATE
At last Thomas A. Driscoll — "Tom"
Driscoll of polo fame, bon vivant and
millionaire— has capitulated and the
fair maid who has won his heart is
pretty Miss Alice Bacon, daughter of
Rear Admiral Bacon (retired) of Santa
Barbara.
The story dates from last summer
when Mr. Driscoll met the maid by the
side of the sea and strayed with her
during the long summer days through
the old town that has won renown as
a hunting ground of Cupid. The Bacons
are a well known Kentucky family and
are connected with the Riggses of Wash
ington, D. C. The youns fiancee has but
recently emerged from the schoolroom,
never having made a social debut.
Last year, in company with Major and
Mrs. Rathbone, Miss Bacon visited In
Washington, where her Western charm
won much admiration in diplomatic
circles.
SEQUOIA CLUB
IS "AT HOME"
AT ST. FRANCIS
SANTA BARBARA
JVyUDEN WINS
"TOM" DR1SCOLL
and Mrs. Fremont Older. A. J. Wat«rhou««.
II. Atkins. M!s» Ida Lee Sp«ncer. Mn. BUneh
ard. Miss Tobin, I, D. Ventura. Mr». Mary
Bell, John R. Bride and Charles Sedwlch
Aiken.
And thus has tHe Sequoia arrived—
and arrived cleverly. Success to it!
And may Us next "night home" be a
drier one — without.
weather has been cool and cloudy here
to-day, and the locaf weather bureau's
prediction is for rain to-day.
CLOUDBURST FLOODS MILL.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 23.— The heav
iest rain in the history of the town for
September has been .experienced here
since yesterday. The precipitation
amounts to more than three inches. It
caused the streams to rise, and San
Lorenzo Creek became quite high. The
ripe grape crop is nearly ruined. There
was a cloudburst this afternoon at La
guna Creek. It came sweeping down
the canyon and flooded Chase's mill,
badly damaging it.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 23.—Con
siderable rain fell here last night. The
shower was accompanied by a strong
southerly wind.
WOODLAND, Sept.. 23.— The rainfall
for the twenty-four hours ending at 8
o'clock this morning amounted to 1.40
inches — the heaviest rain in September
for several years. Great damage has
already been done to grapes and hay
in Yolo County. Prominent local grow
ers said to-day that practically all the
grapes unpickefi are ruined and .fit only
for hog feed. The hay may be. used for
feed, but its market value is seriously
impaired. .
VALLEJO, Sept. 23.— More than an
inch of rain fell here during the last
twelve hours. Many buildings in Vallejo
were flooded. The showers were the
heaviest seen in Vallejo and Mare Isl
and for years.
SUISUN, Sept. 23.— The heaviest rain
storm ever known here at this season of
the year has been raging almost con
tinuously for the last thirty-six hours.
More than two and p. half inches of
rain has fallen. Old settlers who have
been here for fifty years say they never
saw such rainfall In the month of Sep
tember. Considerable damage has been
done to prunes in the drying yards, and
the bean crop in the eastern part of the
county has also suffered heavily.
VENTURA, Sept. 23.— Ventura Coun
ty received a drenching to-day. The
bean crop will not be damaged, though
only 20 per cent of the crop cut and
lying out has been threshed. If good
weather follows the storm no damage
will be done.' Beets are not injured.
Only a long continued wet spell can
hurt the beans and It is considered too
¦early for winter rains.
COLUSA IX DARKNESS.
COLUSA, Sept. 23.— Colusa is in
darkness to-night on account of the
terrible rainstorm that commenced at
10 o'clock Thursday night and with the
exception of a couple of hours has con
tinued in one steady downpour. It is
still raining and a heavy storm is ex
pected to-night. The precipitation is
m<>re than two Inches.
P.esides ruining all the dry feed the
rain will cause, great damage to grain,
prunes and raisins, especially to the
grain piled on the river banks awaiting
shipment. There are more than sixty
thousand bags ¦ of grain on the river
banks above Coluaa and nearly one
third as much more below Colusa.
This is the heaviest rainstorm Co
lU6a County has had in September
since 1879.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.— Last night's
rainstorm was the most severe ever
known here this time of the year. Rain
fell in torrents all night. The damage
to grapes, tomatoes and late feed is
likely to be heavyi
AUBURN, Sept. 23.— It began rain
ing here yesterday and up to this morn-
Ing at 7 o'clock one Inch of rain fell.
It is still falling. The first rain last
year fell on October 10.
YUBA CITY, Sept. 23.— A severe
storm drenched this city last night.
Two and one-quarter inches of rain
fell. Damage is reported to fruit and
the late summer crops. The weather
is still showery.
PASO ROBLES, Sept. 23.— Rain com
menced to fall here early this morning
and at 6 o'clock the precipitation was
2/50 inches. The damage will not be
great as the grain is nearly all in the
warehouses. The greatest damage will
be to the dry feed, which will be
ruined.
CALISTOGA, Sept. 23. — The heaviest
rainstorm that has ever visited this
section in September began yesterday.
The fall amounted to more than three
inches. Considerable damage was done
to drying prunes, but' It is said the
grape crop will not be seriously dam
aired. «
ST. HELENA, Sept. 23. — The rain
which began here yesterday afternoon
continued all through the night the-ra
beiner at times a heavy downpour. T'p
to this morning at 10 o'clock 2%
inches of rain had fallen in town,
while farther up the valley the pre
cipitation amounted to 3% inches. So
far the rain has not Injured the grape
crop, but should the damn weather
continue much damage will result, as
but a small portion of the crop has
been taken in.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
Sacramento streets and at Twenty
third and Valencia streets.--'
The average rainfall for September
is .22 of an inch in San Francisco. The
rainiest previous September in the his
tory of the Weather Bureau was in
1S9S, when the rainfall was 1.06 inches.
And yet for twenty-four hours only of
the present storm the depth registered
was nearly three times as great. The
previous record for an hour's rainfall
was .55 of an inch. Between 12 o'clock
Thursday night and 1 o'clock yester
day morning "the rainfall was .88.
It is quite pdssible that the storm
may continue for several days yet. If
the pressures counteract the disturb
ance will remain stationary. If there
is a slight giving way of the pressure
in the southwest, the storm will travel
down the coast. From a meteorologi
cal standpoint the storm is peculiar in
many ways. It appeared suddenly,
spread over an immense area and was
extraordinarily severe. At the very
center of the disturbance the rainfall
was only .22 of an inch in twenty-four
hours. At Red Bluff the depth regis
tered in the day was nearly four inches.
Shortly after: 6 o'clock last night the
rain began' to fall rapidly again, while
the thunder boomed distantly and an
occasional flash of lightning could be
seen. ' ~
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
SAYS SOME WIVES DRIVE
HUSBANDS TO DRINK
C'lrreland Jurist Goes on Record as
n Friend of tlje "Henpecked"
Legion.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 23. — Judge
Selzcr placed himself emphatically on
record to-day for men's rights in dis
poslng' of the charge of neglect to pro
vide for children brought against
Louis Memmer. It was the wife of
Mpmmer who brought the charge.
Mommer declared that he had loved
.jnd worked for his wife and family
for thirteen years, but she refused to
li've him.
"In a Rood many of these cases."
said the Judge, "I find that the wife
is to blame. If her husband comes
home i-eacefully inclined then the
wife begins to nag. The result is he
poes and gets drunk — and I don't
blame him."
Call to Arms,
Jewish Reserves at Odessa Ijrnoro the
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 23. — The
mobilization at Odessa has been en
tirely successful, except as regards the
Jewish reserve men. 50 per cent of
whom have eluded the call to the
colors by going abroad or transferring
their domicile to neighboring prov
inces where there is no mobilization.
The total number of reserve men
called out in the city district is 17.000,
of which 4000 Jews and S00 Christians
did not respond. The places of the
missing Jews are being filled with
Christians.
The reports in the foreign press
that Lieutenant General Stoessel, the
commander of the Russian military
forces at Port Arthur, is of Jewish
descent, are denied by his niece, resid
ing in St. Petersburg. General Stoes
sel's grandfather was a Lutheran, a
general in the Russian army, and
played a conspicuous part In repelling
the Napoleonic invasion. His father
was converted to orthodoxy and also
served in the army.
OBJECT TO WAU SERVICE.
Grape Grower Badly Hiirt.
HEALDSBURG, Sept. 23.— Daniel Mc-
Carthy, a grape grower residing In
Alexander Valley, was found lying un
conscious in the road this morning.
He fell from the wagon in which he
was riding, struck on his head and
was rendered unconscious. The wagon
passed over his body and it is thought
he is internally injured. The accident
occurred last night.
?
8p«cUl Dlspatoh to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— To save a $250.
©00 contract, F. M. Pease of the Chi
cago Car and Locomotive Works broke
all records on the Pennsylvania Rail
road, between Philadelphia and Chi
cago, in a special train that arrived
here this morning. With the train
drawn by the latest and most powerful
of Pennsylvania locomotives and con
sisting of one Pullman sleeping-car and
a combination day car, the 822 miles
between the cities were traversed in
just seventeen hours and fifty-seven
minutes — two hours and forty-seven
minutes quicker than the trip is made
by the railroad company's fastest train,
"the limited."
It cost Pease 51664 to make the trip,
exclusive of meals and tips, but he ac
complished his purpose and closed a big
contract.
A mile a minute was slow for the
easy grades to Harrisburs. The long
climb west of Duncannon, which did
not end until Altoona was passed, was
hardly noticed. Pittsburg expected
that the train vrould arrive somewhere
around 1 o'clock. It passed at two
minutes after 12 o'clock.
Out on the level country, with fresh
engines, the speed was increased to
seventy miles an hour, and even
seventy-five miles was made on level
tangent*.
CUMBERLAND, W. Va., Sept. 23.—
A fast freight on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad struck a wagon loaded
with 750 pounds of dynamite at a
crossing at North Branch to-day. Two
trainmen were killed and nine persons
seriously injured, three of them seri
ously.
James Laing, driver of the wagon,
escaped injury, except for a rupture
of the eardrums. The horses were un
hurt, although thrown over a fence.
Several small buildings, the locomo
tive and several cars were demolished,
and windows were shattered a mile
away on a mountain.
MUKDEN. Sept. 23.— The Russians
are using war balloons southeast of
Mukden to observe the movements of
the Japanese. The line of outposts esr
tablished by the Japanese is so effect
ive that even the Chinese have been
unable to penetrate it. It is impossible,
therefore, to say definitely how Mar
quis Oyama has disposed his forces.
It is believed General Kuroki's
army stretches from Benishu to Bent
siaputze and the armies of Generals
Oku and Nodzu from Yentai along the
high road and railroad to Shahepu,
sixteen miles south of Mukden, while
a fourth army is moving from Dzian
tchan across the Da Mountains. All
these roads converge at Mukden.
Of the four armies those of Oku and
Nodzu are nearest Mukden and their
progress will have to be slackened in
order to permit Kuroki and the flank-
Ing columns time to come up. Mean
time Oku and Nodzu have command
of the railroad. Supplies of grain and
ammunition are carried from Yentai
over heavy roads and exposed to cap
ture by Cossack raiders.
There has been an improvement in
the weather at Mukden, which has
been a great help to the Japanese.
CHEFU, Sept. 24.— A Japanese who
has arrived here from Dalny says that
the battle which began at Port Arthur
on September 19 continued during Sep
tember 20, but he is unable to give
any details of the fighting. On Sep
tember 21 and September 22 the Jap
anese bombardment was slight. The
Japanese says that there were unveri
fied rumors at Dalny to the effect
that the Japanese had made some
gains.
The bombardment of September 19
began at 3 o'clock in the morning and
lasted one hour. At dawn the volume
of firing increased to an extent hitherto
unknown. Some of the heavy guns,
which had been lately placed, opened
fire from a quarter which had previ
ously been silent. During the fiercest
firing the heavy guns were fired at an
average of twice in one minute. Every
window in Dalny shook.
The firing continued heavy during
the night of September 20. Thereafter
it was inconsequential.
Chinese from a village near Port Ar
thur confirm the foregoing and add
that while off the Miatotao Islands
yesterday they heard firing from 10
o'clock in the morning until 4 o'clock
in the afternoon.
Locomotive Manufacturer
Makes Quick Journey to
Close a Big Contract
Driver and Team Conveying
a Load of the Explosive
Are ]£ot Greatly Damaged
MAINTAIN HIGH SPEED
Japanese Make Gains
During Early Stages
of the Attack.
Four Armies Are Converg
ing Upon Ancient
Capital.
L0C0M0TIVE IS WRECKED
Philadelphia - Chicago Bec-
ord on the Pennsylvania
Cut Nearly Three Hours
Two Persons Perish and
Nine Are Seriously Injured
in a Peculiar Accident
Russians Use War Bal
loons to Observe the
Foe's Advance.
Heavy Guns Hurl Death
Into the Port Arthur
Fortifications.
SPECIAL TRAIN
ON FAST TRIP
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO DYNAMITE
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 190*.
GRAPE-GROWERS SUFFER HEAVILY
BY UNEXPECTED FALL OF RAIN
Special Colonist Rate.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept 23. — The
Santa Fe passenger department an
nounces a special colonist rate to Cal
ifornia. . -.'.-. . •
CLINTON. Mo.. Sept. 23. — A passenger train,
northbound, on the Missouri. Kansas and
Texas road known as the flyer was wrecked
this mornlnr at I/»wia Station by a misplaced
switch. Engineer John Shane of Parsons,
Kan., was killed, after having reversed his
.onctne, and three persona were Injured.' .
Tht rain has freshened up everything so
that it will be delightful on the excursion to
Ukiah next Sunday. Only $2 for the round
trip. Leave Tiburon Ferry 8:30 a. m On
the return leave Ukiah 0:00 p m Each
ticket add insure* a seat. Train will not
stop In transit. Tickets now on rale at ticket
ofneea. 650 Market «t- (Chronicle building) and
Tiburon Ferry, and on Sunday moraine at Tl
buron Ferry* •
For the Excursion to Ukiah Next
Sunday.
THIS RAIN IS JUST THE THING
CHICAGO. Sept 23.— A cablegram
received here announces the death in
London of Dr. Samuel I. Curtiss, sen
ior professor of the Chicago
ical Seminary and a leading Presby
terian churchman of the West.
Leading Presbyterian Dead*
TRAIN DECAPITATES MAN
WHO USES RAIL FOR PILLOW
Nap of Tired and Footsore Philadel
phian Proves to Be His Last
BROWN MEN HEARING MUKDEN
2
j/ ¦¦ _Ji£SS2SS53^ — " — — _ "
AND — 0THER5.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of ecientific » t^ in ™ en^ n i h 1 J^ed?M»nd
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best 01 • r^" . an d
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians P re8C^^ ies but
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent renaeu * uQ^
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, °J. imIta " „^ in clu des
They are the men to deal with whenln need of anything in their lme, which usuany i
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and tne uu
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial a jpp •
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of tne dot .
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their grea
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that 1 ?, 0
Figaisjin excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and r tb^ rel Xj"J JL
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the C £ O1( £ S J
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing tnc > iu i
name of the Company-California Fig Syrup Co.-printed on the front of every P^age.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation ana
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its enecia a»
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction. .
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives ana ido
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but tnere are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not nesiiaxe
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name—" Syrup of Figs"— or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name 01
the Company— California Fig* Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup, wnicn
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter ms
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation ana
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the tilling oi
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class or
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ",' "
pgj^tt pustlilo Bros* ct fjiftx Uft kcrft* Bt siYfltfl a j'tmp«su f*j£j
laa A I s\ #1 ¦&% /*i /\ #< 'tl f f f Yl I^f^ I C\ I & fCK*^J^*C W
Wfl /"%^ 1 \^ \\ i a \M M. * m.JL %-w M. * * U \Jr m. \J> w A AaL. \\ M. A ft
lif Mlchafltschkee Bros. f Son Francisco, SOLD EVERYWHERE 10c UP 01
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REDUCED RATES
T O
YOSEMITE |
VALLEY
- i
Round trip ticket
includes visit to
California Big
Trees, meals and ;
lodgings at first-- '
class hotels, and j
carriage drives to
all principal points
of interest, such as
Vernal Falls. Ne-
vada Falls, Glacier
Point, Mirror Lake,
etc. Reduced rates
in force until Oc-
tober 13, but you
should
Ask About It To-Day |
Office, 613 Market St.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
PiKQPAK
MillVELOPiNG anSTl
PRINTING
I AT CUT RATESil
i '
Ooofl work aafl prompt dallvwy have
created • We demand for my kodak de-
veloptn* *ad Printing. Send m» m. trial
Orter< DKVELOPINO.
Rofl of «1x. JO«?: roll of twelire. 16c
PRINTING.
60U0 nnua. 3« *» «e: " rri » x flnlsh -
3c to 6c
DATUGHT lOADINO FH-MS la all
™i»r Ax** *t popular prices.
AX6CO CAMERAS from *» «> op. Om
of ib* beat ca»«rw on tl» market.
r-rrco PHOTO PAPER. Print* by
arSjSl flrtt El»« betatlful detail.
T> C^m*erM repair* at low fljrure*. Mall
order* promptlr fillled.
THAT MAN PITTS
JOOS MAJRKBT STREET, opp. n&h.
Baa Frmndaco.Coroner J. K. Kelly took charge of
the remains and an inquest will be
held Saturday, when It is hoped some
clew will be found to explain the rea
son for taking her life.
She was about 22 years of age and a
brunette. She left no note to explain
her rash act and the husband can as
sign no reason, as she had appeared in
a happy and contented mood during
the day. The deed was committed with
a 33-caliber revolver, the property of
Chandler. So true was her aim that
life was extinct before the husband,
who had only stepped from the door,
could re-enter the room.
Mn and Mrs. Chandler have resided
In this city for the last two months.
They were married less than a year
ago and made many friends here dur
ing: their short residence. They wera
apparently very happy and were con
stantly-together. Harry Chandler, tha
husband, is a eon of ex-Senator J. L.
Chandler. He was bofcn and raised ia
the southern part of Sutter County,
where he is well and favorably known.
Some months ago he made his home in
Lincoln, Placer County. There he met
and married the woman who to-day
took her own life.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 23.— This after
noon, after asking her husband to step
out into the hall for a minute while she
prepared a surprise for him, Mrs. Ade
laide Chandler fired a bullet through
her heart. * /
Special Disoatch t» Tb» Can.
Beautiful Placer Comity Girl, Recently
Married to Son of Ex-Senator
Chandler, Commits Suicide.
Fatal SUot Is Fired While
the Young Husband Is
Standing Near.
Weimer abandoned Lutheranism in
order that the wedding might conform
with the wishes of his bride's family.
Ten years ago when a mere boy tha
noted left-handed pitcher was married
at Des Moines, Iowa, the union being
unhappy and of- brief duration. Di
vorce followed and the - former Mrs.
Weimer took up her home In Los An
geles, Car* where she now is with her
little daughter.
Never giving a thought to the possi
bility of such an incident in his life
none of the Trumbull family asked
Weimer if he had married before, and
not appreciating its significance to a
Roman Catholic family Weimer made
no reference to it.
So it was not until after the cere
mony that the family learned of the
true state of affairs. Since then Wei
mer and she have exchanged corre
spondence, but have not met.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— A bride of a
few hours, Laura Trumbull "Weimer,
wife of Jacob Weimer, the crack pitch
er of the Chicago National League
Baseball team, it is announced to-day,
fled from his arms to take refuge at tha
home of her N father, George T. Trum
bull, president of the Trumbull Safe &
Vault Company. She had discovered
that Weimer had been divorced— a
condition not recognized by the Roman
Catholic church, of which she Is a de
vout member. Now they are far apart,
Weimer in Brooklyn with his club and
his bride at her parents' home.
Friends and relatives are trying to
untangle the complications. Whether
the separation will be permanent or
the newly" married couple will be re
united no one pretends to be able to
say.
"We are waiting to see," said Mrs.
Weimer between sobs to-day. "We are
waiting — that is all I can say."
Mrs. Weimer's eyes were red with
weeping and it was apparent the shock
had borne heavily upon her. It was
the first time she had left her room
since she sought its solitude within a
few hours of her wedding. Reports
from the Cast indicate that Weimer.
too, has felt the blow. He is said to
look haggard and to have lost nearly
forty pounds In weight through wor
rying. The ceremony was performed
by Bishop Muldoon a week ago.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 23.—Noth
ing is known here of George A. Davis
who committed suicide, in London to
day and whose father Is said to be a
Kansas ranchman. Inquiry at the
stockyards and elsewhere developed no
information.
LONDON, Sept. 23.-George A. Davis,
said to be the son of a wealthy ranch
owner of Kansas City, was found dead
in bed at a leading London hotel to
day. An artery of his left arm had
been cut with a razor, which was found
beside the body. It is supposed that
D f^ is i wl }° f wa a here on a visit, com
mitted suicide.
Davis, who was 26 years old, came to
London about two weeks ago with his
wife on a pleasure tour. On Tuesday
he was slightly/Indisposed and a phy
sician was called in and prescribed for
him, but the complaint was not seri
ous. Mrs. Davis occupied an adjoining
room. She is prostrated and is unable
to throw any light on her husband's
death. When the body was found Mrs.
Davis telegraphed to her husband's
father, J. J. Davis of Kansas City, who
cabled to a friend in London to take
charge of the body, which will be taken
to America after the inquest, which
occurs September 26.
Bride Learns of Previous
Marriage and on Religious
Grounds Holds Hers Void
Deceased Is Said to Be the
Son of a Wealthy Ranch
Owner in Kansas City
WIDOW IS PROSTRATED
Bullet Pierces Heart
of a Bride of
Few Months.
GB00H 0XCE DIVORCED
Wife of Jacob -Weimer^the
Chicago Baseball Pitcher,
Returns to Father's Eoof
Young American Commits
Suicide in London Hotel by
Severing Artery in Arm
WIFE ENDS
LIFE WITH
A REVOLVER
KILLS HIMSELF
WHILE ABROAD
LEAVES HUSBAND
OF FEW HOURS
Assassin a Factory Employe.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 23. — Ac
cording to information given by the
Minister of the Interior, r the. man, who
made the attempt to 'shoot ¦ Chief p£
Police* Neidgart of Odessa yesterday
was a Russian factory employe. 'When
arrested lie shouted "Long live labor.".
Just . the Trip for Sunday/ Rain or
; ¦:¦¦;¦,;< '• 'Shlrie. 1 ¦ .
Steamer H. J. Corcoran — Three- round
trips daily to Vallejo and Mare Island,
affording an opportunity to see the Rus
sian battleship Lena. Round trip 50c
Special excursion Sunday, September 25*
to Vallejo, Mare Island, Carquinez
Straits, •' Suisun Bay,, etc.. up the " Sacra
mento River. ,' Round 3 trip "beyond Val
lejo and Mare -. Island 1 1. . 1 Leave i north
end Ferry building 9:30 a. m., return 7
p.zn. Piper, Aden, Goodall Company, *
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept 23. — It was
announced here to-day by Mr. and
Mrs. J. N. Suter, evangelists, that the
Rev. M. Jeffries, ¦ father , of James J.
Jeffries, champion heavy-weight- pu
gilist, of" the world, would arrive in
Pueblo to-morrow to assist in the lo
cal revival meetings. It is stated that
several years ago the elder Jeffries
contributed a large share of his prop
erty, amounting to about $20,000; to
the cause of Christianity and that he
now is devoting his life to non-sec
tarian religious work.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES' SIRE
(:'£ ;^IN EVANGELISTIC WORK
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 23.—Un
der of the War Department
Contract Surgeon Jesse P. Truax of
Port Wright. 'Washington, will relieve
Contract Surgeon H. D. Brown at Fort
Ward, Brown going to Fort Worden.
Contract Dental Surgeon Clarence E
Lauderdale, arrived at San Francisco'
will go to Fort Sam Houston, Texas
Farriers Joseph Leduc, Troop B Thir
teenth Cavalry, now at Army General
Hospital, Presidio, Is transferred as
private to Company L, Twenty-eighth
Infantry- By direction of the President
First Lieutenant D. P. Quinlan. Ninth
Cavalry, now on sick leave of absence
at Hollywood, Cal., is detailed as pro
fessor of military science and tactics
at Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lis. Artificer Stanley C. Jones, Com
pany E, Twentieth Infantry, Philip
pine Islands, Is transferred to the Fif
teenth Infantry as private and 'will be
sent to headquarters of that regiment
at Monterey. ,i
Under orders of the Navy Depart
ment Boatswain C. Wouters-is de
tached from Albatross to Mare Island
for examination for retirement, thence
home and await orders.
Army and Navy Orders.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 23.— Colonel
J. J. Sullivan, president of the Central
National Bank of this city, who has
been appointed receiver of the Aultman
Company of Canton, Ohio, extensive
agricultural machinery manufacturers,
left for the latter city yesterday to take
charge of the big plant.
It is stated that the liabilities of the
Aultman Company are not less than
$1,500,000. The present trouble is said
to be due to the failure of the Cedar
Rapids Supply Company of Cedar Rap-
Ids, Iowa, recently. The Iowa concern,
according to. the petition, Is a large
creditor of the Aultman Company.
LIABILITIES OF AULTMAN
CO3IPANY ARE $1,500,000
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— Three officers of
the Topographical Department of the
General Staff will leave here on their
way to South Africa, September 30, to
conduct a survey and make new maps
of the country.
A detachment of the railroad battal
ion, which will sail on the same
steamer, will, after improving the land
ing facilities, take up the construction
of a railroad line in the rear of the
army.
These steps are taken to indicate a
belief that the authorities have a long
campaign on their hands, which opin
ion is strengthened by reports from
Cape Town of further uprisings by the
natives.
Surveyors and Railroad Builders Will
Leave at End of Month for
Southwest Africa.
GERMANY HAS A LONG
CAMPAIGN ON IIER HANDS
BUTTE. Mont., Sept. 23.— William J.
Bryan will make a speaking tour
through Montana in.Jhe interest of the
Democratic national ticket before the
end of the campaign.
Bryan Will Stamp Montana.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Final de
tails for the national convention of
Republican clubs at Indianapolis. Ind.,
October 5 and 6 were arranged to
day. Addresses will be made by Sen
ator Fairbanks. Secretary Shaw, Sec
retary Taft, Senator Beveridge and
George A. Knight of California.
Convention of Republican Clubs.
Professor Albert W. Smith of Stan
ford University addressed the section
on mechanical engineering.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23.— "There will
be no satisfactory settlement of dip
lomatic rank until all distinctions and
privileges are abolished and a single
grade is established in all the capitals
of the world." was the statement made
to-day by former Secretary of State
John W. Foster in an address before
the section of diplomacy of the Arts
and Sciences Congress on "The Proper
Grade of Diplomatic Representatives."
Foster laid stress on the importance
of establishing a system of diplomacy
which would not subject representa
tives to inconvenience and even in
dignity because of their lower rank
as Ministers. He added:
The late trouble between the United States
and Turkey grew out of the fact that th»
American Minister could not have access to
the Sultan and higher officials, because h«
did not possess the rank of an Embassador
and the Turkish Government refused to agre*
to the appointment and recognition of Embas
sadors with the United States. •
John W. Foster Declares That Dis
tinctions and Privileges Should
Be Abolished.
FAVORS A SINGLE GRADE
FOR ALL DIPLOMATISTS
IT.ONTF.XAC. K. Y.. Her*. 23— While re
•porvJing to a toa« at the twenty-fifth anni
versary banquet of th» "Western i:nion of Fire
I'r.ienR-ritTs lart n'.eht. H. M. Maglll of <"»in-
c < nr.*ti tell forward ani died Boon afterward.
It was announced at the Democratic
headquarters that the speakers' bureau
¦will send the general on a long trip
over the continent during 4 the cam
paign.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.^-Before
leaving the Democratic national head
quarters to-day General Miles said
that he would make several speeches
during the campaign under the aus
pices of the speakers' bureau. The
general said he would, In his speeches,
speak at length on the two topics — the
attitude of the United States toward
the people of the Philippines and the
attitude of the administration with
regard to the establishment of a gen
eral army staff.
Former Head of Army to Be Sent* on
the Stump.
GENERAL MILES TO SPEAK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — George C.
Conant, who died to-day of diabetes,
is said to have willed his brain to the
medical faculty of Cornell University
that further investigation may bo
made of a theory that his disease
could be traced to the brain.
Wills His Brain to a College.
Tin is erratic In response to London quota
tions rather than any domestic Influence, but
copper is strong because of heavy exports.
Increased activity at the mills has helped to
sustain the Eastern markets for wool and
brisk competition at the London auction sale
wan also a factor of Importance.
Kirmness continues In packers' hides, In3e
pendent tanners making liberal , purchases.
Large sales of branded and Colorado hides
are recorded and there is the usual con
ression on hides taken off during th« striks
by Inexperienced men. Country' hides are
weaker, but receipts of foreign dry hides are
quietly absorbed. •
Failures this week aggregated 225 In th«
United States, against 232 last year, and
.t0 In Canada, as compared with 10 a year
aco.
Trad*. expands as confidence Increases of the
harvesting of crops and mercantile collections
are less tardily met. Lower temperature stim
ulates the demand for fall and winter wearing
arrarel and there Is more disposition to pre-
I»are for the future rather than to confine
operations within the limit of Immediate re
quirements. This Improvement Is extended to
all departments of manufacture and In the
aircresrate there is less Idle machinery than
at any recent date. Settlements of labor dis-
DUtes have helped In the development of this
favorable condition. Railway earnings for Sep
tember were 5.7 per cent larger than a year,
ago and foreign commerce at this port for the
last week shows a gain of $2,945,687 In ex
ports, as compared with 1903, although Im
ports decreased $716,760.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — R. G. Dun
& Co.'s review to-morrow will say:
3Icrcantile Collections Being Less Tar
dily Met.
DUX'S VIEW OP SITUATION.
WASHINGTON,. Sept. 23.— Former
Senator W. A. Peffer of Kansas.
Populist, announced this morning that
he would take the stump for Roose
velt in a few days. He is now wait
ing to receive his itinerary from the
national committee. When asked why
he . had determined to speak for the
Republican party, Peffer said:
'"I went into the Populist party as
a Republican and worked for the
principles of that party when it was a
party. Now that its mission is at ar.
end, I have returned to the grand old
party and will do my best to bring
about the election of Roosevelt."
It is understood that Peffer will do
much of his work in Southern In
diana.
Former Kansas Senator Will Stump
the Kast for Roosevelt.
PEFFER TIRES OP POPULISM.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23.— At the request
of Dr. H. M. Bishop of Los Angeles,
the police to-day were instructed to
search for his wife, who failed to re
. turn last night to their room in the
Epworth Hotel. Dr. Bishop describes
her as 35 years old, five feet eight
inches in height, light hair, blue eyes,
light complexion, weight 118 pounds
and wearing a blue hat and veil and
blue tailor-made suit.
Much mystery attaches to Mrs.
Bishop's disappearance, and it is feared
that she has been murdered or has com
mitted sulcida.
LOS ANGELES,.Sept- 23.— Dr. H. M.
Bishop, whose home is at 2637 Hoover
street, is a physician of limited prac
tice, limited only because he does not
care to devote his entire time to his
profession. He is a man of wealth and
his home is one of the finest in an
aristocratic neighborhood. With his
wife he came here about eight years
ago from New London, Conn. Mrs.
Bishop has been an invalid for many
years, suffering from some nervous
disease which failed to yield to treat
ment. She therefore was seen but lit
tle in society, although she went out
occasionally.
Dr. Bishop and wife went East three
months ago to visit their old home in
Connecticut and the St. Louis exposi
tion. They have no children, their only
relative here being Normal Bishop, a
nephew of the doctor. He said to
night that the last he had heard from
them they were in Connecticut, about to
start West. Dr. Bishop is perhaps 50
years of age.
hiai. After taking the money the rob
!>• -is told Dr. Haywood to remain in
th* alloy end not attempt to follow
thorn, threatening him with death if
h~ <1i<1 fo. They then left him and
when they reached the street they sep
arated, bo^rdinar street cars going in
opposite directions.
An accurate description of the rob
bers and the watch was given to the
police. b'Jt not the slightest clew to the
identity of the robbers has been dis
covered. Dr. Haywood is one of the
most widely known divines in the West.
Actirgr under the orders of the sec
ond robber, the man who snatched the
¦cmtcfa proceeded to search their victim.
They took their time about it, carefully
'¦xamining the Contents of his pockets.
They secured 12 1 ) and were about to
take f.t)TO papers when Dr. Haywood
t-Md them th^y were valuable only to
to brain him if he made any outcry.
"We've grit your watch," said the
second rubber/ "now we want your
money." t
The preacher called for help and
started in pursuit. He chased the man
nearly a Mock, when the robber ran
around the end of the Simpson Audi
torium into a small alley. Dr. Hay
wood was close behind, but no other
persons had taken up the chase, al
thouph several men witnessed it. In
\ho alley was another man, and upon
reaching him the robber stopped and
waited for Pr. Haywood to approach.
When the latter demanded the return
of his tvr.tch the second stranger
peizr-d a pick which had been left there
by *orr.e workmen ar.d, raising it
above ths preacher's head, threatened
Dr. Haywood was standing at Eighth
and Hope streets, at the corner of the
Abbottsford Inn. a large hotel, at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon, waiting
for a street car, when a fairly well
dressed man approached and respect
fully asked him the time. The doctor
took out his watch, a line gold time
piece which was presented to him by
the members of several Riverside con
gregations, and was a.bout to reply
when the man grabbed the watch and,
breaking the chain, started to run.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— Rev. B. S.
Haywood, D. D., of Riverside, who was
recently appointed to take charge of
the Methodist missions in Porto Rico
and who came here to attend the an
nual Methodist conference now in ses
sion in Pasadena, was the victim yes
terday of one of the boldest daylight
holdups ever committed here. In faxit
he was twice robbed within a few
minutes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pursuit of Man Who Stole Timepiece
Places Preacher at the Mercy
of the Bandits.
Fails to Rejoin Husband and It Is
Feared She Has. Committed Sui
cide or Been Murdered.
First Tinef Grabs Watcb
and the Second Takes
Divine's Money.
St. Louis Police Asked to
Make Search for Mrs.
EM, Bisliop.
"Wool has been firm this week, the
statistical position being a strong one
and the firmness being aided by reports
of further contemplated advances In
the finished product.
"Business failures in the United States
for the week ending September 22 num
ber 203, against 167 last week, 185 in the
like week in 1903, 127 in 1902, 198 in 1901
and 169 in 1900. In Canada failures for
the week number 27, as against 29 last
week and IS in this week a year ago.
"Wheat (including^ flour) exports for
the week ending September 22 aggre
gate 864,373 bushels, against 935,834
bushels last week, 3,054,340 this week
last year. 5,077,070 in 1902 and 4.470,362
in 1901. From July 1 to date the ex
ports aggregate 16,260,000 bushels,
against 36.214,681 bushels last year, 59,
010.135 in 1902 and 74,127,105 in 1901.
"Corn exports for the week aggregate
657,399 bushels, against 429,158 bushels
last week, 779,239 a year ago/ 4952 In
1902 and 585,706 in 1901. From July 1 to
date % the exports of corn aggregate
6.R36.066 bushels, against 11,605,260 in
1903, 991,971 in 1902 and 11.224,692 in 1901."
"Cool weather, while retarding or In
juring some late crops, has been stimu
lating to fall trade, both wholesale and
retail, which shows an apparent in
crease in volume over a year ago. The
improvement is most marked in dry
goods, clothing, groceries, shoes and
hardware. Distributive trade is better
in the Northwest, portions of the East
and very generally throughout the
South. The Central West also shows a
continuance of the improvement noted
last week, and a widespread betterment
in collections is a feature deserving
special mention. A disposition is shown
on the part of farmers to hold their
products for better prices, this being
true in many sections, notably the
South and Northwest. The labor situa
tion is rather quiet on the whole, al
though some notably large strikes con
tinue unsettled.
' NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Bradstreet'3
to-morrow will say:
The Itinerary of Senator Fairbanks'
Western tour has been extended so as
to provide for two days of speechmak
ing in Iowa and one in Illinois on the
return trip. October 11 and 12 will be
spent in Iowa and October 13 in Illinois,
closing with a meeting in Chicago on
the night of October 13. Senator Fair
banks will be accompanied by Senator
Dolllver.
The party left Chicago to-night. To
morrow will be spent in Minnesota,
closing to-morrow night in St. Paul.
Thence Fairbanks will proceed to the
coast.
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— Glowing reports
of Republican gains were given the
Western members of the Republican
National Committee when they met at
luncheon to-day with Charles TV. Fair
banks, the Republican nominee for
Vice President, and Secretary of the
Treasury Leslie M. Shaw. Both of these
Btar campaigners met in Chicago to
day, where their roads crossed, the
former leaving for the "West to-night
and the latter just starting to cam
paign in the East. Both told the mem
bers of the committee of the great
meetings they had addressed from
Portland, Me., to Portland, Or., and
from San Francisco to Baltimore.
Senator John C. Spooner of Wiscon
sin and Congressman Fred Landis of
Indiana were at the Auditorium head
quarters to-day. Both were confident
that the Republicans would carry their
respective States, as well as the coun
try-
Special Dlmatch to The Call,
Farmers Show Disposition
in Many Sections to Hold
Products for Higher Prices
Senator Spooner Predicts
Victory There and Landis
Not in Doubt as to Indiana
COLLECTIONS BETTER
Wife of Los Angeles
Physician Is
Missing,
WISCONSIN IS SAFE
Roled Twice in Los
Angeles in Broad'
Daylight
Bradstreet's Report Says Im
provement Most Marked
in Merchandising Lines
Fairbanks and Shaw Give
Glowing Reports of the
Progress of the Campaign
DISAPPEARS
IN WORLD'S
FAIR CITY
MINISTER
VICTIM OF
BOLD THUGS
GAINING VOTES
FOR ROOSEVELT
COOL WEATHER
HELPS TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 23. — Grain ex
ports are Increasing at all Russian ports, "espe
cially the expectations of wheat to England.
DES MOINES, Sept. 23.— Can Bai
stock, a German farmer living: near
Gray, Iowa, while whipping one of his)
sons, thrust his thumb into the boy's
mouth, slightly injuring the thumb.
Blood poisoning developed and tha
trouble would not yield to treatment
and Baistock died in a few days, after
great suffering.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 23.— Bishop W.
W. duff of the Mormon church at
Salt Lake • has arrived in Mexico,
charged with the mission of purchas
ing large tracts of land upon which
Mormon colonies will be established.
He will examine lands situated in the
southern portion of that country and
which it is said are suitable for colon
ization purposes. Several thousand
Mormons will be sent from the Unit
ed States to locate on the lands. /
WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. 23.— Tie
following Callfornians are In Washing
ton: New Willard— E. W. Daner and
wife, Roy DAier. Nellie Daner, Los
Angeles; F. W. Robinson, Oakland.
Raleigh — R. J- Hancock, wife and son,
A. Collins and wife, San Francisco.
Callfornlans in Wasliington.
CHASTISEMENT OF SON
COSTS FATHER HIS LIFE
THOUSANDS OF MORMONS
TO LOCATE IN MEXICO
LONDON, Sept. 22.-Slr Harry John
ston, the well-known traveler and
former Consul General for the Uganda
Protectorate, who recently returned
here from a visit to Liberia, is quoted
in an interview as saying there Is no
doubt that France is endeavoring to
secure, as a result of the boundary dis
pute, a portion of the territory of the
Liberlan Republic.
"No justification whatever can be
shown for such a procedure," he said
•'other than the rigKt of the strongest
and the total inability of Liberia to
resist by force any French aggression "
Sir Harry Johnston Declares That
French Republic Intends to Take
"What It Wants by Force,
SAYS FRANCE IS TRYING
TO GET SLICE OP LIBERIA
3
vwwu ; . j . jw) _. ADVERTISEMENTS. " -.-^wv^
• , /
An Invitation
Grand opening of Roos Bros.'
enlarged and renovated store
The workmen have gone and the paint is all dry.
The new elevator is running smoothly— and so are we. # •
C The new fixtures and the goods inside 'em are things of beauty —
w<e nearly said — and "a joy forever" — but that wouldn't be quite true
/ — because altho Roos Bros.' Glothing does last an extraordinarily long
time, we don't pretend it will last forever — if it did we wouldn't be
enlarging our store.
f Any way, ladies and gentlemen, come in and see us. WeVe got a
store we're proud of, and a stock you'll be proud of, too — especially that
portion of it that you are fortunate enough to secure.
CLx Designs — exclusive and original.
C. Fabrics— the newest and best.
H, Tailoring— every bloomin' piece (as an enthusiastic English, custo-
mer said .the other day) receives our keenest scrutiny.
SCI Our Motto — "If it's from Roos' it's all right" and every member of
our staff knows it must be lived up to, or there'll be trouble,
d Our aim— to have every customer a satisfied customer— a credit to
<L Our other departments— Hats, Haberdashery, Children's Wearables
and Travelers' Outfits are all lined up and on dress parade ready for
your, inspection.
DR. PIERCTTS REMEDIES.
-• £ DR. PIERCE u^ii
A aether's love starts a man or woman
on the rigbt path. The right rcmedv at
the ri^bt tine fits a mother for the ordeal.
Motherhood is often looked fonrard to
wish feelings of great dread bj most wom-
• ra. At «uch a tine urbea she is nervous,
dyspeptic, irritable acd ia need of a uterine
tonic — sotnetbicy which Trill calm the nerv-
ous system through the special organs, and
a strength builder, the will find Dr. Picrce's
Favorite Prescription just what is needed.
Here is a medicine that has etood the test
of a tiiird of a century with approval, in
that tine it^ias sold more largely than any
other remeuy put op specially for woman's
•cvesxr .rase*. It is guaranteed by the pro-
prietors not to contain a particle of alcohol
— which cou'.d only do harm to a sensitive
system.
The World 's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, of IJufialo, >.. V., proprietors of Dr.
l^ierrc's Favorite Prescription, offer a $.500
rcwird fcr women who cannot be curedof
Leucorrbea, Female Weakness, Prolapsus,
cr ralhngr of Womb. All they ask is a fair
tad reasonable trial of their means df core.
Dt. Pirrce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
* edpxtion. biliousness and headache.
¥3 *
All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores sell the
" famous English complexion
. soap. Established 1789.
field all over the wort*,A. F. Morrison, one of the attor
neys for Dr. Emma L. Merritt, exec
utrix of the will of Adolph Sutro, be
gan his argument in defense of the
charity trust clause of the will yes
terday morning and had hot finished
when court adjourned yesterday after
noon. He will resume next Thursday.
Mr. Morrison argued many law points
in support of the validity of such a
trust as the one created by Sutro and
in disproving the argument of the
other side that it was a perpetuity
against publfc policy.
The lawyer* read and analyzed the
provisions of the will relating to the
trust and declared it could not be
imagined that a scheme for immoral
use of the property or private gain
would be formulated by the high pub
lic officials who are to constitute the
permanent board of trustees. The rule
against perpetuities, said Mr. Morri
son, was against the greed of selfish
men who wanted to build up big for
tunes and big families. In Sutro's
case it was an exhibition of his faith
in the future of this community. He
had not made the trust for the bene
fit of the Sutro family or for himself
unless in the. glory that would come
to his memory, but the benefits would
come into being after the last of his
children was dead. There was not an
element of selfishness in Sutro's Inten
tion; it was the very essence of char
ity and entirely for the advancement
of the public good.
Attorney A. F. Morrison • Contends
That Provision or Will Is Valid
and Essence* of Charity.
SUTRO TRUST CLAUSE IS
DEFENDED IN ARGUMENT
Mltcellatieoui — W. t). Roscnbercer, Pasa
dena: Mrs. R. J. Newrem, Pawndena; Mr«. A.
G. Poreter. Pasadena; J. G. Fee, Alameda;
Mr*. J. A. Jones, Alameda; P. S. McLean, Iri«
dependence: J. J. McLean, Independence; j.
Hick« and wi'e, VUalla: W. It. Con*don and
wife; R. W. Barton and family, Santa. Cruz;
I* A. Mend*nhall. "Wfclttler: Mm. H. G. Stew
art. Baker&fleld; Mrs. A. 3. Gilrmui, Bakers
field: W. W. Frailer and wife, Bakereneld; J.
A. Lowe, San Jo«e; C. I<owe, Ban Jose: J.
Elm*. Nevada City; J. Ferguson and wife, San.
naiito; W. M. . Howell and wife. Woodland-
D. A. Jone«, Atlaa: Mrs. C. L. .Emerson. Cen
tervllie; Dr. Emerson, CentervUle; Mrs. L. H.
Hyar. Glendora.: Mrs. E. L. Burns. Redlands.
Sacramtnto— H. B. Mathews, C. F. Adams
and fatnily. E. B. "Wilson. Mrs. A. D. Buske.
Fresno — Mrsw G. W. Cherry, E. S. Smith
and wire, C. Palllan, Mrs. G. Hoxie.
Hekldtburg—M. II. Ho»cnberg, Mrt. W. Roe
enbers, Mr». S. Meyer. Mrs. J. A. Goldstein.
Bant* Barbara — W. Dyer, J. O. Eaton, I..
Eaton. E- O. Bec?tr and family. ' - --
Petaluma— A. C. Selinger. Mr». H. M. Dar
<Jmi. K. £. Morden, E. H. Mordecai. Miss
If Dtaman, Mrs. R. Ross, H. -Schlareter, Mrs.
A.' C PeMnser.
San Francisco— lire. M. Bo^rlcke. E. Hef
ling II. L.. FletnmlnK, U Marcum. E. B.
Blood J. H. Nolan and family. P. L.. Bliss,
t. Rossi. E. J. Engler. K. Marks M.. B,
EnqUlst J. -T Bfyan. A. T. Enquiet. I. Marks,
M Gibson M. L. Parley. A. B. Parley. A. 8.
Parley Mrs. T. Miller and daughter. W. H.
Miller' W H. Stov.e. T. Mallory. Miss Far
ran A. s'. St. Aniant, Mrs. H. 8. Loveland,
J H. Hutaff. H. Homtwr&er and wife.
I»e Ang-el<*s— I. L. Bouquet and wife. A. J.
HaJford. Mre. A. L. Grnbb. W. Raining and
¦wife A. • Telford. S. Washerman and wife,
II Potter. *C. S. Russell I,. Crews, G. 11.
Fay, A. Vose, G. A. Beadle, C. Fay. H. S.
Free and wife. M. Harpham. Mirg J. E. Coy
wood I* S. Moore, C. W. Bacon. M. E. Con-
Ker W. ' Bambar. G. H. Barker. M. II. Sate,
M. * L. Fergerson. J. K. Burns, Mrs. J. W.
llobineUe. M. P.obinetts, Mrs. P. F. Harrison.
g. O iiamsay. B. L.. Asbury. I. H. Johnson
and wife. Mrs. E. Norri*. H. A. Roll. F. M.
Halford. S. H. DyotU J. A. Merrill and
family 11. M. Bishop and wife, Mi us K, Hy
land tl Croo'icfhartk J. M. Irvine. J. S. Wt?bb,
ilifs M. PJielan F. Harrington. E. L. Hansen.
Oakland— <:. I*. Kid, C. C. Trlplttt. Mjb.
O. Lemon, J. E. Lemon. Mr*. '51. E. Dear-
Ing J. K. Blake, Mrs. M. M. Watson, Dr.
A. 'T. Pierce. Mlts £*»tland. L.. Sickles and
wife.
CALIFORNIAXS AT THE FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23. — The follow
ing California visitors have registered
at the California building:
At Santa Rosa, waiting for the'train,
the singers burst Into a glnd refrain,
which in the phrasing and the trilling
showed the results of Reige's careful
drilling:.
"Toot-toot!" the engine blew a warn
ing blast. Teutonla's outing was for
ever past.
Where Santa Rosa in the valley lies,
beneath the arch of ever smiling skies,
a week ago, on idlest pleasure bent, Teu
tonla's singers in a body went. And
there four stages decked with banners
gay, each with four steeds to haul the
crowd away, stopped for their coming;
thence to Mark West Springs were
whirled away swift as on eagles' wings.
Arriving, with their appetites in
creased by mountain air, they eager
sought the feast prepared by that famed
chef — Mrs. Beguhl — and each gave
praise and ate till all were full. What
pen can do full justice to the spread
with eo superb a caterer at the head!
The President — F.Gercke — In a speech
gave generous welcome unto all and
each, while guests and members to the
toasts responded until the groves with
loud huzzas resounded.
At night a ball, whence Care and Mel
ancholy were driven forth by Mirth and
arrant Folly — burned on a pyre raised in
a sylvan dell, and "all went merry as a
marriage bell."
Each guest a lantern bore in long pro
cession, while at the last, to serve as a
digression, a Coffee Klatch closed with a
fresh delipht the revelry that stirred the
quiet night.
On Sunday a prize shoot took place,
where men and women marred the tar
get's face, for which rare prizes to the
winners went. So passed the hours un
til the day was spent.
At night a minstrel- show so full of
joshes that many wished they had put
on galoshes, tears so profuse were there
in laughter shed o'er some live jokes and
some a Ions time dead.
Herr Blltner was the one particular
star the audience hailed as being 1 best by
far. Whenever in his stunt there came a
pause the welkin rang with deafening
applause. Then came another banquet.
Why repeat allusions to a feast com
plete in every smallest detail to invite
attention e'en from frailest appetite!
Many the favors which the guests en
joyed and through it all their bliss was
unalloyed until on Monday, when they
all departed, and hosts and guests alike
were heavy hearted.
To that committee planning these glad
days all present gave the highest meed
of praise. F. Gercke, Blanert. C. Geb
bart, In every smallest detail took a
part; W. Gercke. Hartmann and F.
Schaefer conjointly with them made the
programme safer; while to Herr Koerner
and his charming frau none could suffi
cient praise allow.
Three Days of Pleasure at Mark West
S»>rin£s.
TEUTOXIA SINGING
SOCIETY OUTIXG
Eugene Van Court, boxing instructor
of the Olympic Club, San Francisco,
was relieved of his pocket book r con
taining a draft for $200. at the fair
grounds this week. Van Court says
there must be some pretty clever
tlileves here, for he was In no crowd
the day he was robbed and the book
was- taken from his inner coat pocket.
He had the payment on the draft stop
ped as foon as he discovered his loss.
Sergeant James Rainsborough of the
San Francisco Police Department stop
ped over to visit the fair on his return
from the G. A. R. encampment in Bos
ton.
Three days later he found it neces
sary to look up some statistics of the
big asylum for the Insane at Stockton.
His mind reverted back. He frowned.
Mrs. Netz* watermelon is rivaled by
a Kings County pumpkin weighing 175
pounds that has arrived. Though It is
not a wonder among pumpkins It Is
the largest in the Palace of Agricul
ture. Kings, has one twice as large
on the way.
"Thank you, thank you," said Brown,
beaming from the effects of the compli
ment.
"In the Valley of the Sunny San Joa
quin" i» still being ground out by the
phonograph in the Stockton booth to
admiring throngs. A young lady in a
nearby booth, who wears cotton in her
ears now during these concerts, said
to Colvin Brown, who has charge of the
San Joaquin booth: "If you keep on
playing that pretty song, Mr. Brown,
you'll surely have us all in Stockton
seme day."
At the fair grounds the melon acci
dentally went astray. M|p. Netz want
ed it to go to the San Joaquin exhibit
in the Palace of Agriculture, and It
was taken to the Palace of Horticul
ture. The devoted woman was nearly
exhausted when she finally recovered
her treasure. It now rests In state on
one corner of San Joaquin's exhibit
with Henry Ellis' watchful eye and a
card bearing Mrs. Xetz' name upon It.
Her anxious search for it here brought
out the story of Its Journey from Cali
fornia.
Mrs. Netz wouldn't trust the melon out
of her sight, so she had it put in her
berth in the sleeper and part of the
time she used it for a pillow. She ex
hibited it to the natives and told them
if anything happened to it the pleasure
of her trip to St. Louis would be ruin
ed. The native? straightway stole it
and had it put in the baggage car. Mrs.
Xetz recovered it again and then the
Natives hid it. bought one as near like
it as they could and sat down to eat
it in Mrs. Xetz' section. She nearly
fainted and wept with joy when her
melon was produced.
MELON' GOES ASTRAY.
Santa Cruz, with Its great bathing estab
lishment and host of Other attractions, will
offer a warm welcome to all visitors on Satur
day and Sunday, September 24 and 25. There
will be military band concerta on Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and evenings, with a
grand display of firework*, and there will be
a grand ball at the great casino Saturday night
and bonfires on the beach Sunday night. Odd
Fellows and other visitors can go to Santa
Cruz on the Saturday to Mcnday round trip
excursion tickets aold by th« Southern Pa
cific and which may be had at Third and
Townsend streets depot or 613 Market st. •
for William H. Crocker, Wellington
Gregg Jr. and George W. Kline, to pro
duce the books and papers of the
Crocker- Wool worth Bank to show
whether Wood has received any
salary from June until the present
time.
Saturday to Monday Excursion Tick
ets Sold by Southern Pacific
for $3 00.
ODD FELLOWS AT SANTA CRUZ.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23. — Preston Har
per, who claims Harding, Ark., as his
home, has been masquerading in St.
Louis County as a girl. He was hired
by Mrs. Mary Kinkaid to assist in
housework. To-day Harper was ar
rested, charged with having stolen a
small sum of money from his em
ployer, and was sentenced to sixty
days in Jail. After his conviction the
discovery' of his sex was made. He is
about 14 vears old.
Sex of a "Housemaid" Discovered
After His Arrest for Robbing
Employer.
MASQUERADES AS GIRL
AXD WORKS AS DOMESTIC
When Mrs. Netz made up her mind
to visit the exposition she determined
that fhe would bring; something along
that would open the eyes of the Mis
*ourians. She passed by pumpkins
that throw shadows on top of the
chitken-houses and sweet potatoes out
of which the children made canoes as
too common and picked out a beauti
ful watermelon with corrugated Fides.
She couldn't bring the largest she had,
for she couldn't carry it, but she is a
ttrong woman, and got one well cal
culated to make Missourians jealous.
Then began that long trip toward the
ether rim of the continent with the
watermelon and it will go down the
years in San Joaquin song and. story.
Some d.iy in one of the public
Squares of Stockton will be erected a
monument to Mrs. Mary Menges Netz
of Rlpon. San Joaquin County. A tale
cf devotion to the homeland which is
«*ldom equaled in fiction has Mrs.
Nrtz as its heroine and it might never
have come to light had not a water
mtJon she brought all the way from
nipon on the Native Sons' excursion
train pone astray temporarily after its
arrival here.
Southern California has good rep
resentation at the fair this week
through it* Editorial Association and
the Lo* Angeles Times pnrty. The
Times excursion was in charge of
Hcrr>- Andrews, city editor of that pa
f*r. and Irvin R. Smith, its advertis
ing man. They brought along a rrum
ber of orates of oranges and some
ct*es of seeded raifins, which were
turned over to the fair press bureau.
The party, in which were seventy-five
people, was looked after here by agents
of the Rock Island system, who
«howed th^m the sights of the exposi
tion.
EDITORIAL ASSOCIATION
It is firmly believed by those who
have come here from the coast
metropolis that it would receive splen
did advertising results from such a day,
but that If any attempt Is made to cele
brate it Ehould not be of a half-hearted
fcort.
CALL BUREAU. PRESS BUILDING.
WORLD'S FAIR. Sept. 23. — San Fran
clsc*r.s who have visited the St. Louis
world's fair— and there have been many
prominent ones here— have nearly all
formed the opinion, after noting the
eucccss of the fcan Francisco building
on the model street, that the California
metropolis should have a "day" at the
fair some time tarly In October. Every
State and some cltkF have had. or will
have, special days. a.nd it seems to be
the Impression among visiting San
Franciscans that California's principal
city would reap a great benefit by cele
hiating hrre and doing something that
would be remembered.
The cost of a proper celebration is
variously «>5timated at from $3000 to
J&000. The plan that has met most
favor among the visitors is to have a
parade and then dispense fruits and
vines from a tent, which could be
erected on a vacant space back of the
San Francisco building. There Is quite
a large grass covered plat there on
which exercises could be held. The San
Francisco committee could easily ar
range with the exposition officials for
bands and parade features. In fact
the fair people would be only too glad
to have such a city as San Francisco
celebrate Jn an way, and
would lend every assistance. A large
excursion should be i<ent on for the
celebration. /
BY PA1*Ij EDWAUDS.
The Atchison Company has outstand
ing $114,199,500 preferred, and $102,000,
000 common stock. The majority of the
entire outstanding stock of the Atchi
son system is. therefore, $108,099,750.
The rumored purchase of 500,000
shares of Atchison common, having a
par value of $50,000,000, would give of
itself, an amount less than one-naif of
the outstanding common stock and less
than one-quurter of the entire stock
Issue. Such a block would, however, in
all probability carry control.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— There was a
Stock Exchange rumor this afternoon
that almost 500,000 shares of Atchison
had been transferred by a big banking
house to Rockefeller interests, which
the rumor had it. would hold the stock
in the interest ot the Union Pacific.
The report ran directly counter to the
guesses of last week, that there had
been some kind of a breach between
E. II. Harriman and his Rockefeller
allies.
Special Dispati-H to The Call
James Lawler, who, according to his
attorney, James P. Sweeney, is no per
son of consequence, recovered from a
spree on the first of this month to find
that he had been robbed of his single
blessedness. He applied to the Superi
or Court yesterday to annul his mar
riage with Katie Redwin, which, he
•says, took place on August 31. alleg
ing that on that date he was "un
conscious and maudlin from the-exces
sive use of alcoholic stimulants." He
was not aware of his actions at the
time and says a license was procured
and the marriage ceremony performed
when he did not know what he "was
doing. An examination of the records
shows that the license was not issued
in this county.
Harold E. Elliot, a drummer for J.
J. Adams & Co. of New York, yester
day filed an answer to the suit of his
wife, Nettle, for divorce. She charged
him with cruelty and Intemperance and
said that while living with him they
were ejected from various apartments
for non-payment of rent and bills. He
denies her charges specifically and in
return accuses her of a fondness for
the company of other men.
Divorces were granted by Judge Gra
ham to Flora Cantwell from John
Cantwell, . desertion; Mary A. Monroe
from Barton G. Monroe, desertion; by
Judge Sloss to Minnie L. Hatch from
F. A. Hatch, neglect ($40 a month ali
mony, granted); by Judge Kerrigan to
Florence Schneider from William C.
Schneider, neglect; to Abraham Sha
piro from Hattie S. Shapiro, neglect.
Suits for divorce were filed by Flor
ence M. Bowman against George H.
Bowman, neglect and desertion; Ella
M. Wachter against John O. Wachter,
cruelty; John Pool against Mary Pool,
desertion; Robert H. Ellis against Mae
Ellis, desertion; Kuna Szmulowltz
against Rachael Szmulowitz, infidelity.
In the last case the husband charges
that his wife is now living with one
F. Fuchs at Lodz, Russian Poland.
In the matter of the motion of Ada
M. Wood for more alimony from John
R. Wood, pending 1 the trial of her suit
for divorce, a subpena has been issued
; Flora Karlson, whose husband owns
new and second hand furniture stores
at 1215 Market street and 1131 Mission
street, yesterday sued him for divorce
on the ground of cruelty and got an
order of the court temporarily restrain
ing him from disposing of his property.
In her recital of his mistreatment she
says that on various occasions he as
saulted her with his fists, a chair, iron
bar and iron hook. He was so parsi
monious, she says, that ne would allow
her no money for household expenses
and compelled her to eat at cheap res
taurants, giving her fifty cents a day
•uith which to satisfy the cravings of
the Inner woman.
The police have been for a week
making an unsuccessful search for
Mrs. Mary Cox, wife of J. N. Cox, who
is connected with the lumber business
of Julius Heyman, 22 Market street.
Detective Anthony, who has been spe
cially detailed on the case, has come
to the conclusion that she has gone to
Tacoma, Wash., where her father died
recently leaving a large estate. Mrs.
Cox is accompanied by her daughter,
Florence, G years of age. She must
have been married when very- young,
as her present age is given as 24
years.
The family residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Cox is at Point Arena. The cook for
the family was a pretty girl IS years
of age, and Mrs. Cox, .it is said, be
came jealous of the pretty cuok and
flatly told her husband that the cook
had to leave the house or she would.
Cox thought she was not serious and
did not discharge the cook.
On the morning of September 14
Mrs. Cox left Point Arena taking her
daughter Florence with her. Cox says
she also took $621 which happened to be
in the house at the time. The police
were notified and Detective Anthony
made an investigation and discovered
that Mrs. Cox, under, the name of Mrs.
Mary Cox Wallace, fatopped with fier
daughter in the Winchester House on
Third street till the morning of Sep
tember 13. From that time no trace
of her has been found either by her
husband or the police. She has several
friends in this city, but none of them
have seen her for some months. Cox
Is anxious for her to return, and he
will promise her that her wishes in
future In regard to pretty cooks will be
promptly obeyed.
James Lawler Asks Court
to Annul Union Contract
ed During Maudlin Spree
Police Unable to Find Any
Trace of Fugitive, Who Is
Accompanied by Daughter
Block of Stock Believed
to Be Held in the Interest
of the Union Pacific
In the Opinion of Visitors
From Here Much Good Ad
vertising Would Kcsult
NOT SEEN BY FRIENDS
A great record for copper, production
was made by the Lake Superior copper
mines in August. In fact all' records
were broken. More than 18,200,000
pounds of refined copper were turned
out and the outlook Is 'good for great
The electric road that will connect
with mining properties at Sutter Creek
and Jackson. and between these points
will probably be running in December.
" 'A dredger may be operated in
Plumas County at cromberg, near
Quincy.
The Stonewall mine at Cuyamaca,
San Diego County, will be operated.
The work of pumping out the accumu
lated water, is progressing.
The Lundquist mine • on Auburn
Ravine, near Auburn, Placer County,
has been reopened by A. J.' Tub,bs. '
The Brunswick mine at Grass Valley
will probably increase its milling out
fit to fifty stamps.
The Alaska mine at Pike City, Sierra
County, will be reopened.
The Overton Brothers have secured a
bond of five claims at the head of
Rattlesnake Creek, in Sisklyou County.
A Seattle company is working the
Julianne and Diana mines in Amador
County that have been Idle for some
years.
The Bluebell Mining Company of San
Francisco has bonded the Hard Times
mine near Carters, Tuolumne County.
MINKS OF CALIFORNIA.
According to the same authority
there are more than 4000 persons in the
Tonopah district, which was discovered
by James Butler in 1900. From its dis
covery up to the last day of December,
1901. $4,500,000 wag produced. The min
eral zone is 7000 feet long by 5000 feet
wide. ' Besides gold and silver, copper,
lead, antimony, Einc, quicksilver, gyp
sum, fireclay, chalk, soapstone, borax
and alum have been found in Nye
County, in which Tonopah is mainly
situated.
It is officially set forth that Storey
County has produced $600,000,000 in the
Comstock mines. Values as high as
$700 a ton have been found in rock at
the Wedekind mines near Reno, In
Washoe County. In Lyon County Is
situated Silver City, one of the richest
mining districts in Nevada. Cyanlding
has performed wonders and Is being
pursued upon a large scale. Gold and
silver quartz ledges have been discov
ered in the central and southern parts
of the county, particularly at Como.
Copper mines are operated profitably
in the eastern part of the county. Eu
reka County is credited with mineral
production of $125,000,000, being second
only to Storey County in this respect.
The production of Lincoln County in
gold and silver and copper to date is
reported to have exceeded $30,000,000.
Other metals besides gold, silver, cop
per and lead exist. The zinc mines of
one company are reported to contain
$5,000,000 in zinc, that could be profit
ably extracted if cheap transportation
were provided.
The Goldfields district is in Esmer
alda County. It bids fair to rival Tono
pah. Included in the county are the
Aurora, Pine Grove, Hawthorne, Pal
metto, Silver Peak, Candelaria, Silver
Star, Tule Canyon, Montezuma >and
Cambridge camps that are credited
with having produced not less than
$20,000,000, principally in silver. Since
the" decline in the value of silver rich
gold ledaes have been opened.
The Chamber reports that the prin
cipal mines of the Goldflelds district
show an average surface value of ore
o-f $275 per ton and a value of $1467 at
a depth of fifty feet in the Jumbo and
$200 and $400 per ton in gold in other
mines.
One seventh of the State of Nevada is
covered by Elko County, which has an
area of 10.972,000 acres. While it is not
considered a leading mining county, it
is credited with having produced value
of $10,000,000 in silver. Gold ledges have
been recently opened and are produc
ing profitably. Churchill County has
veins of gold and silver. Douglas Coun
ty has placer mines, and the Pine Nut
Mountains, in the eastern part of tire
county, are seamed with ledges of
quartz. Gold mines have been profitably
worked in the southern part of the
county with profit during many years.
Gold discoveries have been made re
cently in White Pine County and placer
mines are being worked extensively at
Osceola by the hydraulic process and
annually yield a Urge amount of gold.
Some of the richest silver mines in the
State are in White Pine County.
PIIODLCKS MILLIONS.
Every day new discoveries are made. No one
ever heard of Tonopah until late in 1000 nor of
Uoldflelds until two years later. It Is there
fore reasonable to suppose that many more
rich and productive districts will be discov
ered when the ubiquitous prospector reaches
them. It is not to be supposed that no pros
pecting has been done along these ranges;
thty have all Iwen traversed by eager eeekera
after gold and gilvrr, tut various causes led to
many promising Icdgo6 and placers being
abandoned for the time being. Among these
causes may be mentioned inaccessibility, scar
city of water, lack of trantsportation facilities
end lacl: uf funds.
While the mountain ranges run near
ly north and south, the mineral belts
that are known run, generally speak
ing, east and west. One belt in partic
ular, in Elko County, extending east
and west. Is nearly forty miles wide and
150 miles in length. Gold placers and
ledges have been discovered through
out the entire length of this belt. The
area of Nevada is 71,000,000 acres,
mostly mountainous. The author says:
The mining industry of Nevada is
treated, with other State topics, by the
Nevada Chamber of Commerce. . W. T.
Moran of Virginia City is the author of
the statements that are made relative
to Nevada's mines. Some of the aver
ments are of more than common inter
est to those who take an Intelligent con
cern in mining matters. There are not
less than sixty distinct ranges of moun
tains in Nevada, and there are also
lesser chains and isolated neaks, di
vided from one another by valleys more
or less fertile. The ranges vary in
length from ten to fifty miles, and. says
Moran, "gold and silver are found in
every one of them."
BELTS OF MINERALS.
Tonopah and Goldfields are striving
to make this boast good. Placer and
ledge gold propositions are being
worked In various parts of Nevada.
The facts are reasonably' well known
In this State, but the showing that the
Nevada Chamber of Commerce is able
to make will astonish the outside world,
that has considered Nevada a distinct
ively "white metal" State.
Nevada is one uf the rlcheut of the States.
It la no longer a silver Statu only. Employ
ment can be Tuund for more ; mon In mining
for (fold than .«ilvor mining afforded in the
past, anJ si greater amount, of wealth can pe
leturncd ewry yuar. The- Oomstock ore is
about 45 per cent gold; Eureka ore carrier
about 30 per cent gold; Lincoln County ore
):> mostly sold; Ksfniralda ore, except ttt Can
dclarla, is ul! 'fc-old; Silver Peak has a gold
Itiiw forty-live feet wide and miles in length;
I'lne Grove ledge in Esmeialda. ha* produced
li»,<aj0.000 In sold— it Is 200 feet wide and
traceable for milua and i« practically un
touched; Hawthorne is also a gold bearing
district.'
In an official publication of the Ne
vada Chamber of Commerce that has
just been issued appears the following
significant statement:
313,271; lime and limestone. $392,268;
granite. $678,670; asphalt, $503,659"; bor
ax, $661,400; cement, $968,727; brick, $1.
999.546; macadam. $436,172; mineral
waters, $558,201; natural gas. $75,237;
salt, $211,365; sandstone, $585,309, and
silver, $51,744.
Secretary Metcalf's long address may
not have been read in full by some
California miners. "What the Secretary
said about mining is segregated from
other topics and reproduced here for
its interest in this particular connec
tion: . ... .
For a Ions time after the discovery of gold
upon the Pacific Coast California was regarded
by the rest cf the world as a great mining
c*mp, dependent chiefly upon her output of
gold and Kilver for a growth, which was
ftometimes stigmatized as mushroom In lt<*
character. But recent years have changed all
that. The mining camp* Ions since became a
settled and prosperous community whose
varied activities extend Into all fields of in
dustry, snd the reputation of our State 'no
longer rests solely upon the products of Its
mln?5>. Indeed, as a producer of precious
inetal» Colorado now far* outranks us, produc-
Ins almost twice n« much gold and silver as
we do. In TJO2 our. mines produced about
$16.7^2.000 worth of gold, constituting over
one-fifth of the product of the 'United States,
and the total production of our State from the
year in which gold began to bo produced in
commercial quantities to the present time is
about $1,SS1,0C0.0Oij. which Is 54.4 per cent.
or more than one-half, of the total value of all
of the gold that ha» been produced In the
United StatP«. . •
figures for September^ The yiald of
August sold for $2,500,000. The Calu
rrfet and Hecla produced 6,400.000
pounds in July and 6,500,000 pounds in
August. >No other property quite
reached the : 2,000,00|0-pound mark.
In his address at the banquet given
jn his hono-r at the Hotel St. Francis
In this city the past week, Secretary
Metcalf of tlie Department of Com
merce and Labor spoke of the great
mineral production o£ Colorado and
made some comparison with the out
put of California. The production of
Colorado for 1903 was $22,000,000 in gold.
In round figures; $18,935,124 in silver;
7,809,920 pounds of copper; 101,513,414
pounds of . lead,' and 7,569,268 tons, of
coal. The official figures submitted by
State Mineralogist Aubury as repre
senting the mineral output of California
in 1902 are summarized in brief, for
products of leading • importance, by
values' as follows. Gold, $16,471,264;
copper, .$2,520,937; rubble, $1,227,419;
quicksilver, $1,335,954; petroleum, $7,-
IT WOULD COST $5000
WALL STKEET'S EU310K
Californians Would Cele
brate at St Louis in Honor
of the Western Metropolis
Is Said to Have Bought
500:000 Shares of Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe
MAKKIES WHILE DKUNK
Wife of Furniture Dealer
Says He Compelled Her to
Eat at Cheapest Places
r»x a f\i i en ill i«f .l - ill IJ f
State Chamber of Commerce Notifies the World of
Conditions Differing From Those of Early Days.
Mineral Products of California and Colorado
Mrs. "Maiy Cox Departs From
Her Home at Point Arena
Because She Was Jealous
SAN FRANCISCO
DAY PROPOSED
ROCKEFELLER'S
BIG PURCHASE
HUSBAND WANTS
HIS WIFE BACK
ERA OF GOLD SUCCEEDS PERIOD
WHEN NEVADA VAUNTED SILVER
FIFTY CENTS
FOR HER FOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1004.
Scotland Yard, London,. is the largest
police station in the world. It has ac
commodations for 3000 policemen.
Eugene V. Debs speaks to-night. Wood
ward's Pavlllohl See theatrical column. •
.GOLDMAN PLEADS NOT GUILTY.— A de
murrer to the information charging Adolph
Ooldman with assault to commit murder was
overruled by Judge Dunne yesterday. A mo
tion to . set aside the Information was also
denied. Goldman then pleaded rot guilty and
the case was continued till September 27 to
be set for trial. Goldman shot It. W. Know.
ex-Mayor of Oakland, in the Clarendon Hotel
on June . IS. V UM l fftlftW l i(bllHill/l'»ilillllli'l \lk
4
1133-38 MARKET STBEET 25-27-29 TXJBK STREET
MEAT DEPASTMEKT Phone South 13
...spegimTsale...
J
Roast Bee! and SpringLambTo-Day
EVERYBODY IS TAIiKIWG ABOUT OUR SATURDAY SALES.
PORE QUARTER SPRING IiAMB per lb. 7c
HIND QUARTER SP3II7G LAMB. per lb. lOc
CHOICE ROAST BEEP per lb. He to lOc
BOAST FOBH (CORN TED) per lb. Oc
COEHED BEEP (THB BEST) per lb. 6e
FREE DELIVERY. TO ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
WITT BROS. **u«« •»* Vegetables JULIUS LEVIN <*"«•** Department
WlllDJMJJ* Phone South 844. ;uuuj u.iui Phone South 799. -
B L«VboV Pi ! m E *T. .^^"'oS'c "J? 10 * Creamer y Butter, per «quar«. 4Oc;
Very* b?*t Xutmeg" ifetona. ' per iargV bo-V. . UOe 2 for '- 7»e
Good feur-ti*r Cooking Apples, per box. ...75c ireuh Minnesota Eggs, per doz 27'ie
T r I AMB O1II B Fre«h Ranch Egg». per do* 40c
)* Jd. JLAiUD, Jldll O» Tomatoea (Columbua Brand), 4 cans for.. 25c
Phone South 330. Marquette Whisky (Reg. Sl.uo) SOe
Fresh. Smoked and Salt Fish, fine Oysters and \vil30n Whirtv (R»<r si om en_
Sh*ll Fish. Mr. Lamb will alway» be found i L'^ o v ,, pr « /r- < T"i«i/\ , V
the most reliable dealer in the city. £ ove S? 81 " 11 "^ %c)> 3 for 25c
/*rrio PTTtt kit 1 tit nut? Cx Corn Starch (Reg. 10c). per package 5c
CHAS. STILLMAN, Butter, Eggs, Etc
The choicest and^ta'at °butter and esgs to be J* GRONDONA, Rsll Department.
found in the city at lowest prices. Phone South 484.
TARONTINQ BROS. A » Fisi > »» "»« >oweet prices in the city. Spe-
Phone South 882. . clal Inducements offered to hotels and res-
Choice Poultry, etc., at loweat prices. taurants.
MRS. EDLINGER, Delicatessen. v cmT „ . r .. ...
• phone Howard 3863. V. SIKH, Qoice Froits and Vegetables
Choice Boiled Ham, etc., all the time at lowest . y i. r> •
prices. at Lowest Prices.
THE LOWEST PRICES AITS THE BEST GOODS ALWAYS AT THE BAT CITY
¦ ___. MARKET. ¦ WXXX
! ' - ' ...'¦¦ • " ...¦'¦¦" .'. '
i:|; : HH| TOURIST SLEEPERS
FOR ST. L0U8S
DATES:
- SEPTEMBER 28, 29.
OCTOBER 3, 4. 5, 8, 19. 20, 26, 97.
¦ ¦ " ' . ' ¦
FROM SAM FRANCISCO:
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m. with day-
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado,
over Rio Grande Railway. Air sleepers carried via
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St.
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route.
All the low Special World's :Fair Excursion Rates
authorized *from California points apply for these Bur-'
I lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent
a dates to Chicago.
H . Call on or write . • '
i General Ag-ent. W. D. SAWBOSW. Burllngrton Ticket Office.
I M 631 MARKET ST. (Under Palaoa Hotel).
H , . San Francisco.
DOA.VS PI LLS.
ID MBllM!
. • j
SiFraiciscoIiteBiiBiitls
Wlatcoitswiisaii
Francisco. PnlJlic.
You can't fool the public all the
time.
They will find you out at last. i
Every time a man Is fooled
Another skeptic is made.
Many the remedy that makes the j
skeptic :
Because it faiis to keep its prom-
ises.
Doan's Kidney Pills brinjj re- 1
newed reward.
They cure the skeptic.
Plenty of proof of this at home.
San Francisco proof for San i
Francisco people.
Here's a case of it:
S. E. Kent, woodworker in the
Carvill Manufacturing Co.. residence !
26 Turk street. Bays: "I had pain in!
my back for over three months. It I
was not the kind that comes from j
overwork, but was deeper seated,^
and from the indications I knew '
rny kidneys were not perform- i
ing their functions properly. It '
htruck mr if Doan's Kidney Pills j
were for the kidneys and the kidneys \
alone^ they miffht at least help, and :
1 took a course of the treatment. You
can put me down as an emphatic in-
dorser of the claims made for Doan's
Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buftalo. N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no other.
SINFUL NEGLECT :
How is It possible lor a sar.e man «/iib
good teeth to destroy them through careless
ceglsct! SOZODONT is positively bene-
ficial. It has made the toothbrush habit a
real pleasure
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the natural complement cf SOZODONT
Liquid, is a beautiful polisher, absolutely
free from grit and acid. Are you using It ?
You ought to be.
J FORKS LIQUID, POWDER. PASTE.
itr-'-i", ADVERTISEMENTS. J
••All roods lead to
Fame," said Golden
Gate, "but I shall meet
queer people, as I ?£o.
j "Not everyone cares
' for hirfh'drade coffee;
some prefer the cheap,
rank kinds. Some
dealers prefer to handle
bulk goods instead of
coffee packed in aroma
tight tins.
"I'm uniform in quality;
I was aged in my native
country; I'm smooth
drinklng-rich-aromatic*
I'm full weight (honest)*
With all this in my favor
I cannot fail to please.
"I'm 'sold on merit,*
merit will win!!"
Nothla* iom* with GOLDEN GATS
\ COFFEE but satUfsctiea. No
prises ~ no covpoflS*~io Cfockery*
1 >¦«! 2 lb. •rotna-tUht timm.
Neve* sold la balk. ,
J. A. Folger (SL Co.
X«t»bli*H«a limit m. Ceat«ry
San Francisco
Irtirrrcogi CUKE SICE HEADACHE.
liAKILno m
Spittle Ganuma Must Bear
al VER Fat^Simila Signature
B PILLS. -jr^ — " _^
i&k^g 1 /&&**<&%&&*£
'j OCEAN TRAVETi.
_^%e-'7>>^ Steamers l*av# Broadwuv
i /Bv^-^MV wharves (piers 9 and 11 »,
1 /9-y^ fcan Francisco:
' i*/vKP*&l \2\ For Ketchikan. \VranK*>l.
I I \l^*^L I 1 Juneau. Hain-s. Skagway.
I A \**Q*/ / ft ''¦' AIaskil ~ " a - nl • s ;r
Y»vV^>Wr change to' this company's*
>JVf«2?»L/'^ Btfamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
! Port Townaend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
i ltnsrham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12, 17. T2. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Heattln to this company's
. steamors for Alaska amt G. X. Ry. : at .*••-
attle or Taccrna to Bt, P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
1 to C. P. P.y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Pay) — romona. 1:30
i p. m.. Sept. 13. 1». 25, October 1; Corona. 1:30
j p. tn.. 3»Dt. 10. 10. 22. 2N. October 4.
For :Los Anseles (via Port Lob Aneefc-sana
Redondo), San Dleeo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. & a. m.
Btate of California, Thursdays. 0 j. r.r
For Los Anteles (via San Pedro and Kast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mun-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hucneme.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Seat. 12. 20. 29. October «.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 18, 24. October 2.
For En9enada. Ma^clalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa llo-
I salia. Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th «ach mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamer* or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.,aad Broad.
way wharves. Freisrlit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. Dl'NASN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter it., wil!
call for and check bagg3?i» from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMESIOAN XJ2TS.
Plymouth — Cherbonr? — South aaxptoa.
From New York. Saturday, 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. li Germanic Oct. 15
Philadelphia Oct. S.New Tork Oct. 23
ATLANTIC T&ASTSPOKT JJOXJ1.
New York— London Street.
llinnehaha.Oct. 1,9 amlManitou. .Oct. 13, 9 am
Minnepls,Oct.8.4:30 am'Mnnetnka.Oct.22, 4 pm
DOMINION LINE. '
Montreal — Uverpool — Short sea passage.
Vancouver Oct. II South wark Oet 13
Canada Oct. &! Kensington Oct. 23
E£I> STAS LINE.
New York — Antwerp— London — Paris.
! Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m,
Kroonland Oct. \\t Inland Oct. IS
Zeeland. Oct. S.Vaderland Oct. 22
¦WHITE STAS LINE.
W«W Tort — Queens-town — LlTen>ool.
Balling Wednesdays.
Celtic... Sept. 30. » ami Cedrlc. ..Oct. 14. 9 am
Baltic Oct. 5. 2 pmj Oceanic. Oct. 19. 2 pra
Majeitlc.Oct. 12. 10 am 1 Arabic. . .Oct. 21. 3 p m
Boston — Qnecnstown — Liverpool.
Cymric ...Oct. 13. Nor 17
HEW SEUVICE PROM EO3TON.
Pact Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Toss.
NEW TOBX AND BOSTON SZBSCT
To tht Mediterranean,
Via Asores. Gibraltar, Naclei, Genoa.
FROM NEW TORK. w * ao *>
REPrBLIC. . .Oct. 2l>. Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 23
CRETIC Not. 3. T*c. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Not. 19. Jan. T. Feb. IS
ROMANIC. Oct. ». Dec. 10. Jan. 28. Mar. 11
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Pest «t.. San Francisco.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leav? wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHAMA
and HONOKONG. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hocgkong with steamers for In.Jia, etc. No
carvo received on board on day of sailing
S. S. AMERICA MARU ; .".
"Wednesday. October 19. 19ft4
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight an.i passag» apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market utreet. corner First.
; W. H. AVERT. Genera; Agent.
S. S. &ONOMA. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 29. 2 p.m.
! S.S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Oct. 8, 11 a.m.
: S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11a.m.
I.D.SPBICXELS k BROS. COL, Uk.TlClBt dC8 513 ftT-
fci Fnii&t da 323 Mariet sl, Pisi.7, pad!: sl
; CO MP AQSIS GI>TE5 ALE TKANSATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -*>— .
Sailing every Thursday in^tfa 1 of 4f. {£5$
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from P!«r 42, rf&V. •
\ North River, foot of Morton st.
i First class to Havre. $70 and upward See-
I ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GBS-
I EP.AL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. T.2 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Caa?t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Kraaci*co
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajent».
To tr. S. Harr Tard and Valleio.
j Stmr H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F. foot of
i Clay at., north end ferry bids;.— Weak dajs.
9:oO a. m.. 3 and *8 p. m. ; Sundays. 0 30 t».
m.. 8 pm. Leaves Vaiielo— Week days. 6:30
a. m., 12:20 and 5:30 p. m,; Sundays. 5 p. m.
tare. 23c each way. PIPER. ADEN GOOD-
ALL. CO. ' 'Saturdays «xcept«d.
To IT. S. Navy Tard and TaHtlc^
Stmrs-Oeneral Frlsbie.Montlcello and Arrow.
0:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15 9. 8:30 p. m (ex Sua.);
Sundays. 9:« a. Ji. 8:30 p. m. Leare Vallejo
I I' ° *•„"•• 12:30 » 3:15 » * P- m. (ex. Sun.); 6un-
l days, 7- a. -m.. 4:15 p. m. Pl»r 2. foot Mis-
sion street; phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.William Folej's Playmates Unable to
.' Disr Him Out With Their'
Toy Shovels.
William Foley, 6 years old, whose
parents live at 4026 Army street, was
suffocated shortly after noon yester
day by a bank cf gravel caving upon
him in a vacant lot at the intersection
of Clipper and Douglass streets. His
two companions, Melvin Weaver and
George Holgesaon. 6 and 9 years old.
vainly tried to dig him out with tha
toy shovels they had been playing with
and then raised an alarm, but when
the body was extricated life had de
parted.
When the bank caved in young
Fcley was completely covered and
Weaver only partly. Holgesson dus
out Weaver and the two went to work
to dig out their little playmate. Mi
chael McDermitt and R. H. Maher re
sponded to the cries for help, but
were too late to save the victim.
IJTTLE BOY BURLED
BY CAVIXG BANTS
After the newly elected officers had
been installed by the retiring grand
patriarch, W. H. Woodbridge, the
Grand Encampment of Odd Fellows
adjourned yesterday afternoon to
meet in San Diego on the first Tuesday
in October, 1905.
Grand Patriarch S. A. Smith an
nounced the following appointments:
F. E. Chappelle of Vallejo. grand
marshal; W. C. Baker of Hanford,
grand sentinel; H. Dow of San Fran
cisco, deputy grand sentinel.
A pleasant feature of the after
noon's session was the presentation to
the retiring grand patriarch, W. H.
Woodbridge, of the jewel of the
Grand Encampment. The presenta
tion speech was made by Grand Scribe
William H. Barnes and was fittingly
responded to by Mr. Woodbridge, who
expressed his gratitude for the favor
shown him.:
Following the presentation brief re-
Grand Encampment Adjourns to Meet
In San Diego NextjYear.
OFFICERS ARE INSTALLED.
A. W. Werner, a tailor of 353 Mar
ket street, in attempting to get over
the wire ropes on Market street after
the procession yesterday turned a
complete somersault and fell heavily.
He was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, where he was found to be suf
fering from shock and partial concus
sion of the brain.
Injured at Close of Procession.
E. A. Bauber, a member of Golden
State Lodge No. 218, I. O. O. F., died
suddenly at 1 o'clock yesterday after
noon in an ambulance that "was taking
him to the Central Emergency Hos
pital for treatment. Mr. Bauber fell
out of the line of parade on Van Ness
avenue, near Sacramento street, com
plaining that he was sick. He was
placed in an ambulance, but died be
fore • reaching the hospital. Heart
failure is given as the cause of death.
Mr. Bauber was paymaster's clerk
at the Mare Island navy yard. He wa3
58 years old and a native of Connec
ticut.
Odd Fellow Takes Sick In Parade and
Dies in an Ambulance.
BROTHER BAUBER DIES.
Bay City No. 71 drove in four splen
did turnouts, which were "superbly
! decorated with a lavish floral display
i and a wealth of gay ribbons.
Oriental- Lodge No. 90 were on a
number of beautifully decorated floats.
Loyal No. 13 occupied six automobiles.
The ladies were all dressed in white.
SEVENTH DIVISION— E. L. Mar
shall commanded this division, which
Included Unity Lodge No. 131, Pacific
Lodge No. 155/ Alta Lodge No. 205,
Golden West Lodge No. 322, Farns
worth Lodge No. 95, Odin Lodge No.
393 and visiting lodges, followed by
Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19 and
Mission Rebekah Lodge No. 225 in float
and carriages. Mission Rebekah Lodge
had a genuine hayseed float. It was
finely, arranged, ; and, laden with its
wealth of lovely women, their costumes
decorated with bunches of barley and
oat heads, attracted, much favorable
comment. Templar Rebekah No. 19
made a pleasing picture In a big float
decked with pink and green bunting.
EIGHTH DIVISION— This division
was -commanded by Louis Kragen and
Included Fidelity Lodge No. 222, Spar
tan Lodge No. 125, Occidental Lodge
No. 179, . Golden .Gate Lodge ,No. ! 204,
Sargent Lodge No. 368 and visiting
lodges, . followed by Jubilee Rebekah
Then came other members of that
lodge, walking, followed by one of the
most beautiful features of the parade.
It was a chariot drawn by four mag
nificent pure white Arabian steeds,
driven by Apollo in gorgeous robes of
white and gold. A big coach, with
the words on the sides: "Our elder
brothers," contained some elderly
members of . Apollo Lodge. Little
Blowen May Jones, in Grecian cos
tume, rode a small pony, led by her
father, J. H. Jones, and J. Nygren.
SIXTH DIVISION— H. D. Saville
marshal, commanding. This was one
of the most elaborate portions of the
parade. In the lead was an open car
riage drawn by four magnificent bay
chargers. In it were the four remain
ing charter members of Apollo Lodge
No. 123; W. F. Norcross, P. G.; A. D.
Grimwood, P. G.; G. B. Densmore and
G. G. Burnett, P. G.
A BEAUTIFUL FEATURE.
FIFTH DIVISION — G. L. Perham,
marshal, commanded this division,
which made a most attractive show-
Ing. It was headed by a splendid
band, followed by a long line of
carriages containing members of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, Harmony
Lodge No. 13, Concordia Lodge No,
122, Hermann • Lodge No. 145 and
Franco-American Lodge No. 207. In
the second carriage were four mem
bers of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15
who have been members of the order
for over fifty years. They were J. S.
Reed, J. J. Grady, Frank Miller and
N. B. Cook. Two handsome four-ln
hand coaches added much to .the
beauty of this portion of the parade.
One was occupied by Rebekah Lodge
No. 90. They were in a handsome
coach, drawn by four prancing blacks.
The other was occupied by
Golden Star Lodge from San Rafael.
It was elaborately with pink
dahlias. The ladies were all attired
in light gowns and pretty hats and
carried sunshades made of pink and
green.
was given the third division to take
care of. Headed by the Santa Clara
band and the Santa Clara Lodge No.
238 came one .. of the most, picturesque
floats of the parade. Fifty little boys
and girls from the Rebekah Orphans'
Home at Gilroy seated in triple tiers
en a large float draped in white and
purple and trimmed with green bows,
evoked exclamations of admiration
along the line of march.
Fourth division— Then came the local
lodges forming the largest division of
the parade. The division was led by
the California Lodge band and T. W.
B. Leland, the marshal commanding,
and his aids. The lodges in line were:
California No. 1," San Francisco No. 3,
Templar No. 17 "in uniform, and Mag
nolia No. 29 headed by a little girl
dressed in white on a float trimmed
with magnolia leaves.
AN ATTRACTIVE SHOWING.
Many of the floats were very elab
orately designed. The model of the Or
phans' Home of the L O. O. F., drawn
by four horses, was an exceptionally
good feature. The Oriental float at
tracted a great deal of attention, as did
the float "Rebekah at the Well." There
were at least a score of floats with
women of the -Rebekah lodges dressed
in white seated on tiers of seats, form
ing pyramids of pretty faces and sum
mery costumes. The "Hayseed" float
All of the officials of the Sover^ig^i
Grand Lodge were in carriages, as were
the ladies who participated in the, deco
ration of chivalry ceremonies that took
place at the Pavilion Wednesday and
Thursday evenings. The officers of the
Grand Lnram?ment did not ride with
the first division, but were with the
tenth division. Shields with the names
of the States and Territories of the
United States and foreign countries
represented were attached to each car
riage of the Grand Encampment sec
tion. The flags of British Columbia,
Ontario and many other of the British
possessions were displayed frequently
with, of course, the Stars and Stripes.
While Washington Canton was al
most at the end of the line of march,
and the countermarch of the procession
was almost completed an unfortunate
incident occurred at the turning point
of the parade at Van Ness avenue and
Pine street. E. A. Bauber, who was
marching with one of the lodges from
the interior of the State, dropped to the
street. His comrades rushed to his as
sistance. An ambulance was summoned
for the patient and driven rapidly to
the Central Emergency Hospital. Medi
cal help was of no avail, for Frater
Bauber had expired before he reached
the hospital. Death was due to heart
disease.
OFFICIALS IS CARRIAGES.
however, a deal of enthusiasm among
those who stood at the curbs, and every
handsome float and every well drilled
canton was given its. full share of ap
plause.
Washington (D. C.) Canton was given
the place or honor in the line, at the
head of the column, after" the police
and general staff. The patriarchs exe
cuted many drill maneuvers on the
march and were cheered repeatedly. All
of the crack drill corps that took part
in the recent contests at Mechanics'
Pavilion were recognized by the crowds
and cheered as they marched steadily
forward with the quick, firm step of
the soldier.
First division— At the head of the
first division, immediately following
the band, came W. M. Simpson, the
marshal commanding, and his aids.
The entire division consisted of lodges
from Alameda County, and among the
number were the following:. Evening
Star. Porter, Fountain, Enterprise,
Niles, Ltyermore, Columbia. Berkeley,
Elmhurst, Harbor and old brothers
from Niles in carriages.
Second division— The entire second
division was devoted to Sacramento,
and they worthily filled their place in
the line. At their head came the Platt
band and Charles D. Bliss, the marshal
commanding, and his aids. . A.-Sacra
mento f.oat .handsomely decorated, in
green and gold and bearing a camper's
tent and gold digging outfit was a feat
ure of the division. . .
Third .division— Santa. Clara". County
PARADE BY DIVISIONS.
Following the mounted police came
the handsome uniformed Grand Mar
shal E. H. Black and his staff. They
were all mounted on gorgeously capar
isoned horses, and made an imposing
sight. Eehird them came the uni
formed infantry of the Patriarchs Mili
tant, marching rhythmic time and
swinging along with military precision.
Throughout the line of march they
performed many evolutions with a
snap that showed the result of many a
hard drill. The officers of the Patri
archs Militant were to have been the
escort of Grand Sire John B. Goodwin,
but he was summoned East last night
and did not participate in the parade.
At the head of the Patriarchs Mili
tant came tho commanding general of
the Army of Patriarchs Militant,
General M. A. Raney, accompani
ed by his staff. Following them
came Brigadier General H. O. Brow
er, commanding the department of
California, and his staff. Then
came the three regiments of march
ing Patriarchs Militant. The first
regiment was headed by Colonel W.
II. Sherburn and his staff. Among
those in the first regiment were can
tons from Sacramento and Fresno.
The second regiment was headed by
Colonel C. H. AVever and his staff, and
was composed of cantons from San
Jose, Vallejo and Watsonville. In the
third regiment ¦were cantons from Eu
reka, San Diego; Riverside and Santa
Barbara. At their head rode Colonel
C. W. Buker and his staff. Following
the :hird regiment and heading the
carriages containing the grand repre
sentatives came a tally-ho in which
were seated the four young ladies who
officiated in the conferring of the Dec
oration and Grand Decoration of Chiv
alry at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
In this portion of. the parade came
the seventy carriages containing th->
gTanc\ representatives to' the Eightieth
Annual Session. These carriages. were
decorated with flags and bore shields
with the names of the States from
which the representatives came, as fol
lows:
At the head of the long column that
showed only a small proportion of the
membership of Odd Fellows through
oat the .State, carr.e the platoon of po
lice under the leadership of Chief of
Police George W. Wittman. In command
of this splendid body of men that well
represent the police force of the city
was Captain Henry Gleeson. Along the
entire line of march the appearance of
the police was heartily applauded by
the gathered thousands.
The last division of the parade, the
fourteenth, was made up of carriages
containing officers of the Odd Fellows'
Home at Thermalito, residents of the
home and officers and past grand of
ficers of the Rebekah Assembly.
• HEAD OF COLUMN.
One of the most striking features* of
the parade was the "Chariot of Apollo,"
drawn by four splendid white horses.
"Friendship, Love and Truth" float,
and that with a score of little boys and
girls from the Odd Fellows' Orphans'
Home were well received.
of the Mission Rebekahs was piled
high with bales of hay, upon which the
ladies from the Mission perched and
enjoyed an especially good view of the
procession.
Three Sovereign Lodge Officers Will* Be Installed This Morning With Digni
fied Ceremony and Minor "Positions Will Be Filled by Appointment.
Market street was crowded with peo
ple, but the grand stands were not
very well patronized. Van Ness avenue
was well lined on both sides with look
ers on, but there were not so many of
thTn as when the Knights Templar
paraded. The threatening weather
kr*pt many away. The stands were de
n^rted for the sidewalks, for the la
dies wanted to be near convenient
doorways in case the storm developed.
£ma21 boys, who reaped a harvest of
dines and nickels during the Templar
parade from selling cracker boxes to
stand on. were not so successful in dis
posing of their "box seats." as one
youngster called them. There was,
General Black and his aids met at
Battery and Market streets, where
thf-y. with a detail of police headed
by Chief Wittman. assembled to act
as escort to Past Grand Master John
P. Goodwin. At 10 o'clorx whistles an
nounced that the procession was ready
to Ftart and half an hour later the head
cf the parade wheeled into the center
of Market street and moved forward.
CROWDS ON STREETS.
The rain did not come, but the clouds
v.rre there. Occasionally a drop fell.
Before the procession was ready to fall
In .the rain of the parly morning had
vash^d away the dust and rendered
the streets clean for the long march
end countermarch. The cantons were
at their posts and even tho ladies were
not mindful of the threatening skies.
They wore dresses that would have been
turned to korry sights had the show
ers that followed in the afternoon hap
rened in the forenoon, as Forecaster
Willson said they would. It is suffi
cient to say that Jupiter Pluvius must
have had an understanding with Grand
Marshal E. H. Black.
Whether Local Weather Forecaster
G. H. Wilson, who was temporarily in
charge of the glorious climate of Cal
ifornia yesterday in the absence of
Forecaster McAdie, made especial ar
rangements with the cloud banks to
keep away from San Francisco during
the Odd Fellows' parade, or whether
the Odd Fellows themselves have a
knack of stopping downpours with
v.ord of command, is hard to determine.
The good people of the city know that
hardly a drop of rain fell during the
three hours that the procession was
in process cf formation and in line of
march, and yet it would have been a
Very easy matter to have found any
r umber of persons who would have
waged that something akin to a deluge
vculd occur before the gorgeously ar
rayed patriarchs and daintily costumed
women. th«» repaliaed legions and pret
ty floats had passed from the streets
to Fhelter.
Odd Fellows Appear to Good Advan
tage in the Grand Parade.
MAKE SPLENDID SHOWING.
I SCEXES DURIXG GRAXD PARADE YESTERDAY OP THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS.
1 a -
Washington (D. C.) Canton won the
first prize in Class A and was last
night handed a check 'for $1000 by
Grand Scribe Barnes, who made the
presentation speeches in awarding the
prizes to the successful drill corps. Sac
ramento was second and received $130.
Vallejo won the first prize in Class B
and received ?150, with Watsonville a
close second. The latter canton re
ceived $100. Santa Barbara won in
Class C, $100, and San Jose got the
second prize of $50.
.The awarding of prizes was preceded
by a dress parade in which all of the
cantons' that appeared In the parade
took part. After the drill was over
Washington Canton was called to the
front and Grand Scribe Barnes compli
mented the members on the splendid
drill they had given. . . He said he
thought it an honor to offer the prize
to a canton that had. come so many
miles to win it and incurred so much
expense in so doing. The speaker said
he hoped that the pleasant 1 memories
of the meeting 'in San Francisco with
f raters from -the West would, In years
to, come; further recompense those who
had traveled .over, the Rockies to the
distant Pacific Coast. . .
'.Grand Scribe Barnes also made short
speeches , of congratulation to the other
Drill Corps and Lodges Receive
Checks After Dress Parade
PRIZES AWARDED WIXXERS.
THIRTEENTH piVISION— A good
showing was made by the lodges from
San Mateo County. L. P. Behrens was
marshal, commanding the division, and
he was assisted by Frank Granger, W.
C. McLaln and H. A. Stagg. In the
line were lodges from Bay View, San
Mateo, Maytield, Mountain View, Pes
cadero and Ocean View. The Rebekahs
of Olive Branch and San Mateo lodges
followed in carriages, prettily" decorat
ed, which won applause along the line.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION— A fea
ture of the parade was the float of the
general relief committee, illustrative of
the good work done by the order. It
represented a home in which aid is be
ing offered to the suffering. E. E.
Drees was marshal commanding the
division and J. F. Coffman and O. M.
Tuttle acted as aids. In the line were
the officers of the Grand Lodge in car
riages, the trustees of the Odd Fellows'
Home, the Veteran Odd Fellows' Asso
ciation, residents of the Odd Fellows'
Home at Thermalito, grand officers and
past grand officers of the Rebekah As
sembly and the Rebekan Veteran As
sociation.
TWELFTH DIVISION— Solano and
Napa counties were well represented in
the twelfth division, under command of
George Weniger, assisted by A. H.
Shc-pard. The members turned out in
full regalia and were followed by the
Rebekahs in handsomely decorated
floats and carriages. In the line were
representatives of Golden State, Napa
and Mount Moriah lodges and Camp
Vallejo.
LODGES OF SAX MATEO.
TENTH DIVISION— The tenth divi
sion formed on Bush street, with the
right resting on Battery. The division
was under command of Charles Stall
man, ably assisted by W. H. Manul, J.
J. Phillips. B. F. Tebford, M. D. Mayer
and W. P. Harris. Prominent in the
division were the members of Wildey
Encampment, who, besides the regalia
of the order, wore purple hats. The di
vision . consisted of Golden Gate En
campment, Walhalla Encampment,
Wildey Encampment, Unity Encamp
ment and Oriental Encampment. Amity
Rebekah Lodge in gayly decorated
tally-hos and the officers of the Grand
Encampment in carriages followed.
ELEVENTH DIVISION— The Contra
Costa County Odd Fellows, who made
up the eleventh division, introduced a
novelty in the way of aids. Two
charming ladies, Miss Ada Miller and
Mrs. Vita Roberts, appropriately cos
tumed, acted as aids to Marshal Glass.
The other aids were Frank Critchett
and J. Wallace de Witt. A handsome
float had been arranged by the Rebek
ahs, but owing to the forbidding as
pect of the weather it was left on the
other side of the bay. In the line were
the following lodges: Pacheco 117, Twi
light 119, San Joaquin 151, Martinez
297, Crockett 329, Byron 335, and Dan
ville 37S, followed by the Rebekahs in
carriages.
RKBEKAIIS IX TALLY-HOS.
uuuge .n li. iau in mini aim variiiigca.
Here the same beautiful floral embel
lishments were in evidence that pre
vailed in the preceding division.
Dancing continued until midnight, at
which hour there were still about five
thousand persons in the building. Dur
ing the dress parade and awarding of
prizes there were about eight thousand
persons in attendance.
The floor was cleared for a grand
ball after the awarding of prizes and
hundreds, of dancers took advantage
of the opportunity to indulge In their
favorite pastime. Many of the ladies
and gentlemen were in evening dress
and the gowns of some of the ladies
were very handsome.
Lodge or encampment presentlns the best
special feature — Prize of $75 won by Apollo
Lodge.
To the lodge or encampment coining the
greatest distance, computed by miles and
members — First prize, Sacramento Lodge. $75:
second - prize. Contra Costa Lodge, $50; third
prize, Fre?no . Lodge. $25. .
To the Rebekah Lodge of San Francisco
making the best general appearance — First
prize. Loyal -Lodge. $75; second prize Mission
Lodge. $50; third prize. Oriental Lodge, $25.
To the Rebekah lodge outside of San Fran
cisco making the best general appearance —
First prize Olive Branch Lodge. $75; second
prize. Golden Star Lodge, $50; third prize,
Santa Clara Lodge. $25.
To the San Francisco lodges havlnff the
greatest number of members in line — First
prize, won by Terba Bu<?na Iiodge. $75; sec
ond prize. Fidelity Lodge. $0O; third prize,
Templar Lodge. $25.
To the encampment outside of San Francisco
having the greatest number of members in
line — First prize. Petaluma Lodge, $75; second
prize. Golden State Lodge. $50; third prize.
Harbor Lodge, $25.
To the San Francisco lodges having the
largest percentage of members in line — First
prize, Odin Lodge $75: second prize. Farns
worth .Lodge. $50; third prize. California
Lodge. $25.
To the lodge or encampment outside of San
Francisco having the largest percentage of
members In line — First prize. Bay View Lodge.
$75; second prize. Crusade Lodge, $50; third
prize. Berkeley Lodge. $25.
To the lodge or encampment making the
best appearance — Wildey Lodge won the $75
prize.
A number of cash prizes were award
ed lodges that made a good showing in
the grand parade. A special prize of
$75 was awarded the Rebekah drill
corps that has done such good work
during the encampment. The follow
ing were the parade prizes:
winning cantons and said he hoped
that all were satisfied with the fairness
shown in distributing the awards. The
cantons answered approvingly with
cheers.
Lodge No. 239 in float and carriages,
which were praised for their elaborate
decorations. Little Dewey Anderson
dressed, as a regulation cowboy and
riding a Shetland pony attracted atten
tion all along the line of march.
NINTH DIVISION— W. H. Sharpe,
marshal, commanded this division,
which was made up of Morse Lodge
No. 257, Western Addition Lodge No.
2S5, Presidio Lodge No. 334 and visiting
lodges, followed by Walhalla Rebekah
Supreme Body of California Elects Men That Are
to Handle Its Affairs for Current Term.
Owing to the departure of Grand
Sire John B. Goodwin, Past Grand
Sire A. C. Cable of Ohio occupied the
chair. Mr. Cable is the junior past
grand sire, having served in that ca
pacity before the election of Grand
Sire John B* Goodwin.
A telegram was received from AI
lentown. Pa., saying that the cere
mony of Installation of the grand
sire-elect, Robert E. Wright, had tak
en place. A list of those to be ap
pointed as officers in the lodge was
also sent and will be announced to
morrow, when the installation of of
ficers takes place. At 5 o'clock the
meeting adjourned until 9 o'clock this
morning.
Ceremony Is Performed at Allentown,
Pa., and R. E. Wright Is Leader.
Immediately following the parade
the grand representatives of the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge met at Native
Sons' Hall and Immediately- went Into
secret session. The only business
transacted by the Grand Lodge was
the hearing of reports and the passing
of work done by the grand sire and
his assistants. The other routine
business before the meeting was tho
hearing of reports from the States and
jurisdictions.
INSTALL GRAND SIRE-ELECT.
The grand ball at Mechanics' Pavil
ion last nlgbt was the crowning event
of the encampment. Though the rain
made the wearing of light gowns a
precarious undertaking many risked
the anger of the elements and enjoyed
i he dance. They were rewarded for
their courage and spent several pleas
ant hours unmindful of the storm.
The fact that the weather yesterday
morning permitted the holding of the
grand parade was a cause for congrat
ulation. Early in the morning the
weather prophets of the order were up
scanning the ekies and many opinions
were offered as to the chances for the
long march. The theory that no rain
would fall in the morning was gener
ally accepted, so preparations for the
march were made and the route was
covered. That the order made a splen
did showing every one admitted, though
the fear of rain kept out of line many
v. ho otherwise would have participated.
Sovereign Grand Lodge week of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows has
passed and the story of another note
worthy gathering is entered on the
pages cf San Francisco's history. The
city has kept up its reputation for hos
pitality and this hospitality has been
appreciated by all who accepted it.
Yesterday was the busiest since the
opening of the encampment. The fact
that the delegates to the Grand En
campment of California and the on
cers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge of
the United States and Canada were
weary after the parade did not deter
them from going on with their busi
ness meetings in the afternoon, at
which they completed much work. But
one thing remains to be done by the
Sovereign Grand Lodge — the appoint
ment cf five officers, which duty is in the
hards of the grand officers heretofore
elected.
Other business of the afternoon
session consisted of reducing 1 the gen
eral per capita from 60 to 50 cents.
As the next encampment will be held
in the extreme southern end of the
State the mileage assessment was in
creased from 23 to 43 cents per capita.
The encampment adjourned with a
general hand-shaking and expressions
of good will among its members, who
hope to meet in San Diego next year.
The report of the committee of ap
peals was one of the most gratifying:
received during the session of the en
campment. This year, as for the last
four years, not a case has been refer
red to it. This is considered an ex
traordinary record and one of which
the grand officers are justly proud.
marks were made by Grand Patriarch
S. A. Smith, Grand High Priest George
Jessen, Senior Warden C. H. Burden.
Junior Warden F. E. Pierce, Secretary
William H. Barnes and Treasurer C
E. Benedict.
Sire Takes the Oath at
His Home City in
the East.
Odd Fellows Make Splen
did Showing in the
Parade.
Grand Ball at Pavilion
Closes the Official
Function.
Sacramento Wins Second
Place in Class A
Competition.
PROGRAMME
BRILLIANTLY
CONCLUDED
WASHINGTON
DRILL TEAM
SUCCESSFUL
ENCAMPMENT WEEK ENDS AND NAUGHT BUT CONGRATULATIONS HEARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
5
' ¦-- :: '"• ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
\T LjOsbL **^or it's always fair weather .
$<&l fsiflul ft When good fellows get together, /
VJ^i j^E§*Ld£? d a S°°d song ringing clear." t
See Our Stem Room y
ijSffipts l3 With its thousand-and-one novelties. Musical jj
IllflK m and Decorative Steins in new designs and col- fj
' ~ e announce the Arrival of the new ship- ffiij
t Famous Mettlach Steins T
the "kins-pin" of German Steins, ft
(jJ9r^ <£1 Ofl ff\ <fc^ OH s8i
J|f Mettlach NoveltyTumblers, 35c ea
ADVEIITISEAIEXTS.
Boiled Leg of Mutton. f3 4
\ Mateuals:— A leg of mutton; boilfng i^jL |
i \ Bfcslr^jffi water sufficient to cover; one heaping @AvM O
I ,K <fyc^=J5g~~ tabJespoonJiil of salt. *ffris> S|
Lea & Perrins' I
Sauce I
i THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE I
\ Seasoning : — Many persons arc apt to consider boiled mutton insipid, fj
Their objections will be speedily removed if two or M
\ three spoonfuls of Lea C& Perrins' Sauce be added to M
the gravy that is served with the meat. P
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajenu, NEW VORK. BBERKELEY, Sept. 23.— William H.
Bryant, the . old railroad engineer
known to everybody as "Daddy" Bry
ant, whose death occurred Wednesday,
was burled from his late residence, 2405
Telegraph avenue, this afternoon. The
funeral services were conducted by
Durant Lodge of .Masons, of which Mr.
Bry&nt was a member.
Masons Bnry "Daddy" Bryant.
Railway Police Win.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— For an assault
on State Railway Policeman F. R.
Lewis, Judge Hall sentenced Christoph
er Murphy, a Ban Francisco teamster,
to eighteen months in the County Jail
to-day. The sentence was but the car
rying out of a verdict arrived at by the
Jury that tried Murphy and which up
held the statements made by the rail
way employes. It was shown that the
assault was unprovoked and needless
and the State police were vindicated of
having done anything more than their
duty. 4B&HRfeBtBfllM!
CONTINUES HEARING.— Oakland. Sept
23. — The fceariar of the .writ of reriew of the
l>nK*e<Sinpi of the Board of Supervisors In re-
F»rd to the buiMins "hf ih» Mi-*-bo •-« ».1 ,>,, t
of Uvermore, which w*a to have com* xtm
to-day before Judse' Osii-n. was put uv<r to
day until to-morrow, lrhen the • alleged • ir
refuXaxlttes . wiU be . coBsl&ered by the court.
Mrs. .Mary Jaquillard, a visiting Re
bekah of Martinez, met with a serious
accident last night. While on her
way to the Mechanics' Pavilion with
her daughter she slipped and fell to
the pavement on Market street, near
Jones. At the Central Emergency
Hospital it was found that the woman
had sustained a severe lacerated
wound over the left eye and a pos
sible-fracture of the skull. Owing to
the fact that she is over 60 years of
age the injury is regarded as serious.
Mrs. Jaquillard was later removed to
the Clara Barton Hospital by rela
'itYes, . .
Visiting Rebekah Injured.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23. — Death's
shadow rests upon the home of Fred
P. McFeely, a prominent and popular
Elk, who has been superintendent of
the Judson Iron Works for many
years. Mr. McFeely lies in a pre
carious condition at his home, 1929
Market street, and attending physi
cians have given up hope of prolong
ing his life for more than a few hours.
He contracted a severe cold last Sun
day and has not left his bed since. He
is 64 years old.
Fred P. McFeely Seriously. 111.
McBride had been idle for a long
time, while his wife had been "work
ing out" to support him. He had been
very despondent lately over financial
affairs.
To the Coroner — This is a plain suicide. Let
It go at that. Xotify D. M. Cashin, 137 Mont
comery street, room 13. McBRIDE.
John J. McBride, a mining agent,
killed himself Thursday night by in
haling illuminating gas In his room
at 1510 Buchanan street. He was
found dead in bed yesterday forenoon.
The valves of both gas burners were
open. lie left the following note:
John J. McBride Inhales Gas After
Writing a Brief Note Addressed
to Coroner Leland.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23. — Oakland
presbytery has accepted the resigna
tion of the Rev. Hugh W. Fraser.
pastor of Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, who is about to go to the
First Presbyterian Church at Victo
ria, B. C. In token of their apprecia
tion of his five years' work, the par
ishioners of Brooklyn Church to-night
gave a large reception in honor of
their former pastor, who was the re
cipient of a substantial token of their
sentiments.
During the evening officers and
members of the church gave expres
sion to heartfelt regrets at Dr. Fra
ser's departure and best wishes for
his future. Dr. Fraser expects to
leave Oakland October 4 for his new
field of religious labors.
Members of Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church Sny Farewell to the Rev.
Hngh W. Fraser.
MINING AGENT DIES
BY HIS OWN HAND
GIVE GODSPEED TO
A RETIRING PASTOR
. OAKLAND, Sept. 23. — Without no
ticing how close he was working to a
small open door in the upper story of
a building, James A. Ingler, a carpen
ter, backed out of the door and fell
to the sidewalk below, a distance "of
twenty feet. In his fall he narrowly
missed crushing C. Williams, a con
tractor, who was passing at the time.
Ingler is employed at the planing
mill of the Young Supply Company at
Fourth and Washington streets and
does not know how the accident oc
curred further than he fell .and was
badly hurt in the fall. He has sus
tained a concussion of the spine, but
Dr. O. D. Hamlin is Unable to say
how serious his injuries may be. He
fell almost at the feet of Williams.
Nearly Crushed by Falling Mail.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: L. George
Wade. 29. San Francisco, and Mamie
'A. Burr. 20. Haywards; Ed Ball, over
21. and Annie Yates. over 18. both of
Oakland; Dedrich F. Colldewich, 26,
s. .. ........ v. ...--a. i.. ~.,..i o. *.«*•<.«
»ior*: Conrad JL. Wideman. over SO,
San Jose, and Rusha V. Spencer, SO,
Evansvllle, Wls.
Virrrirjcr !.lrejise<=.
NETV YORK. Sept. 23.— Scent S«rvi©» 4a
tectives to-day arrested Sebastlaa FfcsaaceUo,
a clerk In the First Mttnlclsal Court, an •
charge of selling bocus Federal nxtun II Tattoo
certificates.
OAKLAND, Sept 23. — John M.
Schmidt, a saloon-keeper at 1137 San
Pablo avenue, has recovered $350 In
coin that he lost mysteriously several
days ago. The money was sent to
Schmidt by a neighbor and no ex
planations were made, according to
the liquor dealer's report to the po
lice. ¦:">. :,'.
Recovers Lost Gold.
SITES GOLDBERG. BOWEN *.CO. — O»J»
lanrt. Sept. 23.— Suit for $15,427 damages al
leged to have been sustained threaten th« cu«
less driving of a horse by aa employ* Of th«
firm of Goklbars;, Bow«a & Co.. waa berna
against tha firm t<vi!ay - by Susan J. Fentrm.
a physician of this city. The driver ef th*
wagon ran into her vehicle and tltnw her
out. Several of her ribs wer* brokan and sh*
s«ys «h« has lost th* nn» of aa arm. besides
sufTerlns for months. The- accident occm red
last Arrll.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23. — With any
thing but a pleasant remembrance of
a honeymoon tour around the world,
Anna A. Pereira to-day began suit
for divorce against Frank Pereira on
the ground of cruelty. She wants the
custody of their three-year-old child
and alimony from a fortune estimated
at $75,000, and asks to resume her
maiden name of Anna A. Thomas.
Milan. Florence, Naples are not re
membered for the beauty of Italian
sunsets, the snow-capped Alps or the
sparkling waters of the Mediterrane
an, but for the brutalities alleged to
have been practiced by her husband.
At one place, she says, he struck her
with his fist and at another he abused
her. She says she^as put up with
his treatment until she can stand it
no longer and now asks for a sever
ance of her marriage ties.
Anna A. Pereira Wants a Divorce Be
cause of Alleged Cruelties of
Her Husband.
SAYS HOXEYMOOX WAS
SUCCESSION OF SCENES
Thursday night was so stormy
Chief Deputy Vogelsang thought there
might be a good many of the law
breakers at large, so he dispatched
Captain Davis in the launch Quinnat
to Black Diamond. One net worth
$400 was seized, but the owners es
caped. The Italians named above
v/ere overhauled a little farther on
with another net arid 150 pounds of
fish. The prisoners were brothers and
their family purse Is somewhat de
pleted by the fines.
Justice of the Peace Magee of San
Rafael has fined L. G. Souza $25 for
taking quail out of season.
Antonio, Erasimo and Vicenti Ser
enttl, Italian fishermen, , have been
fined $100 each by Justice of the
Peace Carpenter of Martinez for fish
ing for striped bass with small mesh
nets. The vigilance of the officers of
the Fish Commission has kept most of
the lawbreakers in check for some
months past, but the fishermen can
not refrain from taking a chance at
a successful evasion of the sleuths
once in awhile.
ScrenttI Brothers of Jfartlnez Are
Found Catching Striped Bass
With Small Mesh >"ets.
BREAKING GAME LAWS
COSTS A FAMILY $300
ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB JETKR— Ala&Mda.
Sept. 23.— High Jinks will be B*ld by Vtm
Alameda Boat Club at \ta quartan oa th«
estuary to-morrow night ta honor of tha oars
men who won troohlea ta the recent rvgmttaa.
Representatives from the South End. Dolphtn.
Ariel and Olympia rowing cmbs of San Fraa
cisco will attend. The committee In charge
of the affair consists of Jtidze> Fred B. Cbne.
William Hammond Jr..* George Tupper, Ed
ward Edwards and E. B. Therein*.
Mme. Fannie Franclsca will* be
heard in another grand operatic pro
gramme at the Alhambra Theater this
afternoon. -The programme will In
clude arias from "Le Cid," "Hamlet"
and "Lucia di Lammermoor," the lat
ter by special request. Among other
numbers will be "Lakme," "II Bacio,"
"Three Green Bonnets." Proch's "Va
riations" and the Dutch song called
"The Gefopte Vogelaar." Melville El
lis will be the accompanist and will
also play a solo, and Louis Newbauer
will be the flutist.
Francisea Concert To-Day.
M. J. Clancy, a switchman on the
Belt Railroad, was caught between
two cars last n'.srht and so badly hurt
that he may die. At the Harbor Hos
pital it was found that he was suf
fering from an injury to the ffpine and
internal injuries.
Canght Between Can.
OAKLAND, Sept- 23. — While his
prospective mother-in-law, Mrs. Es
ther Itamsey, was in Jail, Matthew
Gates ran a'way with her daughter,
Arline Alexander, 14 years old, and
married the girl, after swearing that
she was of legal age. Gates is also
said to have made oft with $150 worth
of wearing apparel and furniture
enousb to supply four rooms. Such
is the complaint that Mrs. Ramsey
xna.de to-day to Prosecuting Attorney
A. P. Leach, when she applied for a
search warrant for the recovery of
Jier belongings.
Mother-in-Law Ramsey said she
made the discovery that her daughter,
goods and chattels had been stolen as
soon as she was released from Jail.
The woman declared Bjje would pros
ecute Gates for perjury. AH concern
ed are colored residents of West Oak
land. " .
Woman Complains Ttint While She
Was in Jail Interloper Steals
11 cr Child and Furniture,
FINDS DAUGHTER AND ' *r
UOUSEHOU) WARES GON'E
Under tbe title "Automatic Electric Block
Sisnals," . Mellen C. M. Hatch. cx-'M. has
written an article for this month's Journal
of Technology, describing: the brack system
recently installed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany between Oakland . nnd Port Costa. Pro
fessor C. W. "Woodta-orth of the agricultural
department Is the author of a contribution on
"The Organ of Smell In the Flea."
The scientific men at Berkeley are interested
in procuring for the Academy of Sciences in
San Franclcco exemption from- taxes on tlie
sround that It is an institution for the ad
vancement of science and maintains a free
museum. A constitutional amendment has been
drawn ud and this will' be presented to the
next Legislature for action. The Academy
of Sciences was chiefly endowed by the late
James Uck and Incorporated on January TO,
1871.
BERKELEY. Sept. 23. — The Associated Stu
dents have been materially assisted in carrying
out their scheme for a new football field by
the jseneroslty of E. V. Cowell, '60, who has
come forward with a voluntary loan of $501)0
to help in paying the building contractors. The
lender will exact no interest and his only
security Is the word of Professor Geonre C.
Edwards, to whom the check for the amount
was given. Mr. Cowell has always retained
his Interest In bis alma mater. A newspaper
notice attracted his attention to the students'
need of money.
A "nre rally" is the next thing on the card
for the rooters to enjoy. It will be held In
the Greek Theater on the evening of Friday.
September SO, when there will be a big bon
fire and a torchlight parade. /The rally com
mittee tuu procured 500 torchlights, for which
the marchers will be expected to pay 10 cents
each. Class brigades will be formed under
separate leaders and K. L. Vollmer will be the
commander of the entire regiment. There will
be six speakers, yet to be selected.
The faculty of the College of Engineering Is
perfecting a scheme for a graduate course in
civil engineering for the master's degree. They
are also arranging to confer the degree of
C. B. for two years' work In the field after
completion of the other. As the courses have
not been fully outlined their character will
not be known for a month or more. There
have been no special graduates' degrees hith
erto, but this year / the large number of ap
plicants Justifies the establishment of these.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
John K. Brown, lawyer, of Seattle
has been cited to appear before the
United States Court of Appeals on Oc
tober 17 and show cause why he
should not be disbarred for violating
the trust reposed in him by a client.
The charge against Brown is that he
received from the husband of Martha
H. Shields of Alaska $200 for the pur
pose of filing certain papers in the suit
of Mrs. Shields against the Mogolllon
Mining Company and that he ne
glected to file the papers, thereby
causing his client to lose the suit. The
litigation involved the title to valu
able mining property in Alaska. It
was charged further that Brown was
on a spree at the time.
Mrs. Shields has asked the Circuit
Court of Appeals to reopen the min
ing case and has submitted affidavits
showing how the default occurred.
One of these is by Brown, who admits
that it was entirely through his
neglect that the case was lost.
Accused of. Going on a Spree and
Neglecting to File Papers. There
by Losing a Case.
LAWYER BROWN CITED
ON A SERIOUS CHARGE
After a warm discussion laat night
the executive committee of^the Labor
Council voted to keep watch on the
votes of the members of both houses
in the next Legislature in regard to
all labor measures, such as the eight
hour, anti-injunction and other sim
ilar bills.
The object of taking these records
and preserving them is to give the la
bor men a line on whom they shall
support at the elections. They ex
pect to learn who is voting In their in-,
terests and who is opposed to them.
This action was taken on recommend
ation of the law and legislation com
mittee of the council.
While there is no formal declaration
of peace between the members of the
Hackmen's Union and the Carriage
Owners' Association, still both bodies
have apparently ceased their warlike
tactics till at the present time no rup
ture is imminent. Most of the old
hands have been taken back and every
thing points to an open agreement.
The American Federation of Labor
has decided that the engineers em
ployed In the various gashouses
throughout the city are members of the
Engineers' Union. For a long time the
Gasmakers* Union has been at odds
with the Engineers' Union as to which
body the gashouse engineers belonged.
The decision of the American Federa
tion of Labor must be accepted as final.
Executive Committee of Labor Coun
cil Seeks to Find Out Who Are
Friends of Tollers.
A desire to explore the mysteries
of the gTeat city that lay beyond the
confines of their immediate neighbor
hood prompted Elmer and Willie Dale
to wander away from their home at
33 Minna street yesterday afternoon.
Several hours later the two young
sters, aged seven and six years re
spectively, applied at the City Hall
station for a night's lodgfng. They
were accompanied by Princess, a fox
terrier. The children. although
drenched and shivering from the rain,
displayed the greatest solicitude" for
their dumb companion. The trio were
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital and placed In charge of Matron
Kathleen Wynne. They related a re
markable tale of having broken an
umbrella belonging to Dale senior,
for which death was the penalty. It
was on this account they declared
that they had sought the protection
of the police. Upon the arrival of
Mrs. Dale it was ascertained that the
boys had left the parental roof on an
.other occasion and their tragic tale of
the umbrella was without foundation.
Two Boys and a Dog.
During nine years' service in the
telephone company Manager Ellis has
displayed unusual executive ability.
For five years he has been at the head
of the Alamcda County department
and has greatly increased the ef
ficiency of the service. One feature
of the new move appeals to Oakland.
This city is made the central point of
operations for the largest telephone
district in the State geographically
and second only to San Francisco in
the matter of business.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23. — Eugene J.
Ellis, county manager of the Sunset
Telephone Company, has been pro
moted to be district manager of a
newly formed district, comprising
Alameda, Cor.tra Costa. San Mateo,
Santa Cruz. Santa Clara, San Benito,
San Luis Oblspo and Monterey coun
ties and a part of Santa Barbara, with
headquarters in Oakland. The ap
pointment will be effective October 1.
Kills" successor as county manager
•will be announced later.
County Manager Eugene J. Ellis Pro
moted to Take Charge of a
Large Territory.
WIL.I; KEEP TAB OX VOTES.
OF THE STATE'S LAWMAKERS
TELEPHONE COMPANY
FORMS XE\V< DISTRICT
Mrs. George Tlldea of Ipawlca. Mass, and
Mrs. H. H. Alexander of Fresno are the guests
of th«lr brother. E. D. Ells of 2412 Central
avenue. They will remain here until the first
of next month.
ALAMEDA, Sept. S3.— Mica Alexandra B.
Willing oj this city and Frederick J. Matthei?
of Fruitrale were married here last evening
at the residence of Rev. William Brandes of
the German Lutheran Christ Church, ¦ that
minister performing the nuptial ceremony.
Miss Lena Jantxen was maid of honor asd \V.
L. Jcngbluth was best man. After the mar
riage there waa a reception tendered the
couple at the home of the bride's brother. E.
A. Willing. 607 Santa. Clara avenue. Mr. and
Mrs. MattbtU will spend their honeymoon in
Southern California and after returning will
make their ¦ home In San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. 6. F. Westph&J' have "gone to
their ranch In the Santa. Cruz mountains for a
•hort vacation.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 23.— Mrs. D. N. FrancU
(nee Jamieson) It here from Arizona vHitlng
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Jamleson of
1S30 Alameda. avenue.
Mi-3 Ella Naylor will leave -Monday to visit
relatives at Yonkers, N. Y.
The Charles Bains will occupy the Jack.«on
hetn« In Eant Oakland this winter, Mrs. Jack
-nn and Miss Kate Jackron having decided to
• j-nj a season in San Francisco, where they
have apartments at the Palace Hotel.
An elaborate demonstration In cookery, un
der the auspices of the Oakland New Century
Club, wa» given by Mrs. Jean Sinclair Wednes
day afternoon In the Cadet Armory building.
610 Fifteenth street. Sweetbreads in scallop
Fhel!», chicken croquettes and roihefort crack
ers were the savory dishes taught. Swect
breaJs are a reputed table delicacy, and a
valuable addition to the menu of the con
valescent. The delight of all housekeepers is
to know what to do with left-overs, and
yesterday they learned how to make chicken
croquette* from cold veal or any left over
cclJ meat. The rochefott crackers were rec
ommended to be eaten after strawberries.
The popularity of the Old Homestead. W. L.
McCray's famous place near Cloverdale, seems
in no way to wane, although so late In the
season, a largs number of Oaklanders, espe
cially, ••rming to find, it a pleasant abiding
place. The W. H. Knights are there, with
M:ss Emma and Fred Knight, and among
others are: Sir. and Mrs. Clarence Gray,
Mr. and Mrs. {Frank Allen. Mies Elsie Fry,
Mius Elsie Faraham, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Breck,
Mrs. Elizabeth Don Yorker and Mrs. Eva
Yorker, Mrs. Irving Lewis. Mrs. Giles Easton
and family and Mrs. Jack London and her two
children.
At a luncheon given by Mrs. George Ham
mer to-day the guests were: Miss May
Coogan, Miffs Is&belle Kendall. Miss Lucretia
Iiurnham. Miss Carolyn Oliver, Miss Isabelle
Hooper. Mist Edith Downing, Miss Noelle de
Golla. Mias Harriet Hall. Miss Alice Knowles,
Miss Edith Gaskill and Mrs. William Gardiner
Couke.
The unexpected heavy rainfall has necessi
tated a change of plans by the ladies in charge
of the fete at Mrs. Howard's. The garden Is
soaked, of course, and even if the sun shon«
to-morrow morning In a real tropical manner
the lawn would eilll be too damp for daintily
clad ladies to wander over In the afternoon,
so, perforce, the fete must be postponed. An
other date will be announced in a few days
and. though delayed a little, the entertainment
will l>- Just as good as though given on sched.
ule time.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Broadwell entertained a
dozen friends at whist this evening at her
pretty Piedmont home. Among the invited
guests were Mr. and Mrs. J. Cal Kwing. Mr.
and Mrs. O«orge Humphrey. Dr. and Mrs. W.
\V. Kergan, Mr. and Mrs. Howard Whitchead.
Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Shankland. Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Dors&y and Mr. and Mrs. de Leon of
Berkeley.
On th« evening of the 21st Dr. W. H. Abbay
and Miss Nellie Brown were married by Kev.
William Caroon Shaw. Th« marriage Is of
much Interest In railroad circles, as the fathers
of bride and groom are pioneers in the employ
of the Southern Pacific. The groom is th«
son of Mr. and Mrs. James N. Abbay and was
graduated from the dental department of the
State University In U> ( M and ha* ever since
followed his profession with great success. The
bride Is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry
D Brown. The marriage was solemnized in
their own home, 955 Willow street, and was
wiinuaod by half a hundred guests, consisting
mainly o/ relatives. Tbe bride's gown wa« of
white chUTon and lace and she carried Bride
roses. Her bridesmaid.. Miss Ruby Brown,
also wore white, a mulle and lace gown, and
carried pink roses. The groom was attended
by Henry Long. Dr. and Mrs. Abbay will
spend their honeymoon in the south.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— The Frank Albrights,
after a four years' residence in San Francisco,
have returned to their Frultvale home and will
celebrate the homecoming with a "character
dinner" to-morrow evening. Some In rags,
some in ta^s" the guests may be, but "velvet
gowns" will be tabooed on this occasion. The
carriage house will be decorated with autumn
leaves and flowers. Gorgeous lanterns will
also enter into the scheme of decoration. Tal
low candles will furnish the Illumination and
kegs will serve as seats, and altogether the
genial host and hostess of "Sans Soud" have
planned a unique and merry evening for the
dozen or so guests invited. Among thot>« who
expect to be present are Mrs. Albright, Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Bray. Miss Jeannette Cook,
Duncan Albright Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Shaw,
Miss Mary Alberta. Morse. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Angus. Mr. and Mrs. W. Backus.
By Zoe Given Radcliffe.
A BARN DINNER.
Because she Is addicted to wandering
away from her home without shoes and
stockings and without being properly
clad. Mrs. Annie M. Stewart, wife of
the Rev. Paul Stewart of the United
Presbyterian Church, was taken to the
detention ward of the Receiving Hos
pital this afternoon on a charge of in
sanity preferred against her by her
aunt, Miss Elizabeth Curry. The pa
tient has been somewhat erratic and
was In an asylum once before.
She is the daughter of the Rev.
Ebenezer Curry, an Alexandria mis
sionary, who for rears conducted a mis
sion home in the Egyptian city.
The examination of hex* case is set for
to-morrow morning at 1 o'clock. From
the statement of her aunt, Mrs. Stewart
is not dangerous, but she has become
unmanageable and can no longer be
trusted with the care of herself.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 23.
A daring housebreaker, captured at
Hay wards, was brought to the County
Jail* here to-day. He Rives his name
as Joseph Jose. He was found climbing
Into the barroom of the Occidental
2Iot*l at Haywards apd before he was
made a prisoner pave the men engaged
in his capture a lively tustle in which
be all but made his escape.
Fred Itayer. Joseph Soarcs and
pCpBly County Clerk Zambreski were
returning home about 12:30 o'clock las»t
right, the latter leaving his compan
ions at the hotel entrance. Going to
their rooms Soares and Hayer, looking
down some stairs and through a tran-
Bom, saw Jose climbing through a win
dow into the barroom.
Neither of the men had a weapon,
and lUyer had about $C00 in his pocket
belonging to the N. S. G. W. Carnival
Association, which is holding a street
fair at Haywards, but without thought
ol their personal safety they immedi
ately ran down the stairs and con
fronted the man. He tried to make his
escape through a window when Soares
rushed at him and was knocked down
by a blow from the man's fist. He
then jumped through the window and
got into the street. Here the pursuit
vas taken up again. Zambreski, at
tracted by tht? noipp. Joined, and after
a chase of several Mocks the man was
headed back by people coming: from the.
opposite direction and he allowed him
6< If to be taken.
He was in his bare feet and his cap
tors say he was as swift as a foot
racer. He explained his presence in the
hotel by saying that he was looking
for a place to sleep. He says he took
off his shoes so as not to disturb any
one.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 23.
Charles N. Felton, Robert T. Devlin
and James H. Wilkins. who comprise a
majority of the prison board, are ready
to act on any proposition involving the
welfare of the institutions under con
trol of the directors.
Yesterday afternoon Governor Pardee
and Senator Felton had quite a talk
at the Palace Hotel. The Governor re
marked yesterday that he would be in
Sacramento to-day.
Don Ray, one of the members of the
prison board, is East. It Is an open
question whether Director R. M. Fitz
gerald will care to take up the burden
of an official Investigation. His term
of office as Prison Director expired last
January and since that time he has
plainly Indicated a desire that his suc
cessor should be appointed. There are
several applicants for the position, but
men who are next to the Governor in
cline to the opinion that the chief ex
ecutive has not found the right man for
the place.
There will be a meeting of the State
Board of Prison Directors at Folsom
to-day and topics concerning Warden
Tompkina' management of San Quen
tin Prison will be discussed. Reports
that an investigation may follow, with
a view of bettering conditions at the
San Quentin institution, seem to be
correct. Director Charles N. Felton
left the city for Folsom last evening.
Prior to his departure. he was asked
if the board had decided to investigate
the charge that cruelty in the use of
the straitjacket had been tolerated by
Warden Tompkins. Felton replied that
he was not authorized to speak for his
fellow directors, but felt justified in
saying that the board would consider
the subject mentioned. He indicated,
moreover, that the investigation would
be open and thorough, to the end that
all the facts connected with the pres
ent management of the priso.i may be
given to the public. ¦. •*
Witnesses to the affair differ as to
what occurred at this juncture. The
Chinese aver that Mathews drew his
gun and declared he would get his
clothes. They say that he then shot
Tong In the . face without warning.
Mrs. Martinez maintains that she
opened her purse to pay the bill when
Tong seized a heavy stick of wood and
advanced in a menacing manner. Then
it was that her father drew his gun
and fired one shot.
The wounded man was conveyed to
the Central Emergency Hospital in an
ambulance. Emergency Surgeons Pink
ham and Stevens upon examination
found that the bullet entered the face
on the left side and lodged in the cheek
bone. It was subsequently removed by
Chief Surgeon J. I. Stephen and found
to be of thirty-eight caliber. The
wound, although serious, |ls not regard
ed as fatal.
During a dispute over a laundry bill
Toy Tong, an ironer employed by Sons
Lee. 616 Larkin street, was shot and se
riously wounded last night by A. Math
ews of 922 Ellis street. Mathews disap
peared after the shooting, but notified
the police that he would surrender him
self at the Hall of Justice. Up to a late
hour last night he had not been located
by the detectives.
The shooting occurred in the laundry
on Larkin street. According to the
story told by the Chinese in the place,
Mathews acted without any provoca
tion. Mrs. A. Martinez, a daughter of
Mathews, was present at the shooting
and says her father acted entirely in
self-de/ense.
From all that can be ascertained
Mathews, accompanied by several rela
tives, repaired to the laundry about
7:30 o'clock. Upon entering the place
he demanded that his laundry be given
to him. Toy Tons was in charge of the
place in the absence of the owner and
refused to comply with Mathews* de
mands. The Chinaman declared that
Mathews owed a considerable sum for
previous washing, and the laundry
would be withheld until a settlement
was made.
The pro-bond meeting which was to
have been held at the City Hall Park
to-night had to be abandoned owing to
the storm, but at a meeting of the
Progress Federation it was resolved
that rain or shine the meeting will be
held to-morrow night. A special band
will be in attendance and everything
done to make the affair a success.
The Rev. J. B. pastor of St.
Patrick's Church, has sent a letter- to
Mayor Warren Olney, indorsing the
bond project as a whole. Excerpts
from the communication follow:.
I believe the bonds will carry. It would be
a pity if they fall. It is impossible that there
could be property so near the heart of our
city as the Central Park elte not worth $1000
an acre. Of course we will have to pay an
additional $6 on every $1000 annually, at leaft
in the beginning, but it is a 'good Investment.
Thin is the place for our park. A thousand
dollars an acre does not seem exorbitant. A
lower price would Invite suspicion that there
was something wrong somewhere. % -
I myself am pleased and fully satisfied. I
shall vote for every one of the bonds without
exception. I cannot think of Oakland going
backward. Let us overlook seeming defects
and reach out for the substance. We cannot
fail to be convinced when we read the re
ports of our . best citizens, and reports, too,
of ackuowledged experts, all in absolute favor
and recommendation, with hardly a difference
of opinion. I am very anxious- to have our
city open up and expand.
I want to see plenty of employment for the
workers. Dare to do the big thing and do
It so that you cannot fall. I wish to let my
fellow-citiiens know that I Join in chorus
with you, Mr. Mayor, and all our zealous citi
zens. My motto is: "Go ahead on Tuesday
and vote for all the bonds."
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 23.
To show their absolute faith in the
worth of the Sather tract, for park
purposes, as specified in the ordinance
calling the bond election, and their
utter disbelief of Assessor Dalton's
statement that the tract is^worth only
from 75 cents to $150 per acre, instead
of the amount the city Is asked to pay,
the Oakland Real Estate Association
has made a formal offer to pay five
times $150 per acre for land situated the
same distance as the Central Park
tract from the City Hall.
A certified check for $10,000 was
placed in the hands of Sol Kahn to
day as a guarantee of the associa
tion's good faith and its ability to carry
out its proposal. The association is
composed of the prominent real estate
dealers of the city. Their formal offer
is as follows: <.
OAKLAND. Cal.. September 22, 1904.
To Henry Dalton, Henry Rogers, A. D. Pryal
and others: You have asserted that the land
proposed to be purchafted by the city for a
park to be known aa Central Park Is worth
but 75 cents to 9150 per acre.
For every acre of land that you will bring
to us within the same distance that the cen
ter of this tract is from the City Hall we
will pay you five times your maximum ap
praisement, viz. : the sum of $750. We make
no further conditions other than the title
shall be perfect. The land may be in a gulch
or on top of a hill, on a steep hillside covered
with underbrush, barren, or In a marsh. It
may be suitable for - a park, residence Kites
or any other purpose, and a living stream
running through it would not be objection
able.
Herewith we have placed in Mr. Sol Kahn'e
hands a certified check for $10,000. and we
hereby authorize Mr. Sol Kahn, as our agent,
to enter Into agreements to purchase from you
each and every acre that you may offer him
under these condltiona up to the extent of
$100,000, and he is further authorized to em
ploy the aforesaid check in making deposits
to bind such agreements. Yours truly,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE ASS'N,
F. J. Woodward, President; George W. Aus
tin. Secretary. H. B. Belden.
"REALTY BOND AND FINANCE COMPANY,
by Henry Butters, President; S. M. Dodge
& Son; Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft, Inc.,
by H. P. Bancroft, Secretary; Hugh M.
Cameron, 11. M. Maxwell. A. J. Snyder.Tay
lor Bros. & Co., J. S. Meyers, George B.
M. Gray, E. Vandercook, E. J. Stewart,
Laymanre Real Estate Company, by Wil
liam J. Laymance, Secretary.
Professor Shaw declares that after
a careful study of the conditions ob
taining in the manufacture of oil he
cannot recomm'end in any way the at
tempt to handle olives for oil on a
small scale in connection with the or
chard, where the idea is to make oil
in a commercial way. The cost of ma
chinery, the extreme care necessary
in making a marketable oil and the
necessity for creating a market should
deter those with small capital from go
ing into the business of making oil
alone for profit.
To make oil at a coat that will compete
with Europe It is essential that only the most
efficient machines be used In the mills and
tbat these be of such capacity as to handle
large quantities of olives in • the most eco
nomical manner. Under favorable conditions
we may reasonable expect the olive Industry,
when coupled with pickling, to give reasonable
returns upon the Investment.
There is a market demand for a high-grade,
untainted oil and It will not tolerate anything
less than this. There are those who at first
put up good products, but who have cone out
of the business slfnply because, in spite of the
llr.est Kind of Olive varieties and machinery,
they neglected the most elementary precau
tions and spoiled otherwise perfect raw ma
terial. The market is invariably blamed, but
In this case it Is not the guilty party.
The contrast in these figures — Eu
rope's millions against California's
thousands— Professor Shaw finds is due
to a number of reasons, though, as al
ready intimated, the chief of these is
the inferior quality of oil produced.
Varieties of olives unadapted to oil
making on account of the quality or
the quantity of oil furnished is one
reason for California's setback and
competition with the cheaper cotton
seed oil is another.
Professor Shaw does not set much
store on the fact that European labor
is cheaper than In this country. This
can be more than offset, he believes,
by machinery and improved-, methods
of handling the product ¦ of the or
chards. On this point he says:
There Is money in olive oil in Cali
fornia if manufacturers will only be
skillful and economical, says Professor
George W. Shaw of the agricultural
department in a bulletin issued at the
University of California to-day. ,The
conditions are right and the market
Is there, but to be successful the in
dustry must be conducted with the ut
mest honesty and cleanliness. The
serious obstacles to success so far have
been the indifferent quality" of oil that
has been made by so many operators.
That there is a ready market in this
country for all the olive oil that could
be made In this State is evident from
the following: statement of th« impor
tations of foreign oil In 1902:
Spain, $341,442; France, $940,318; Italy,
$1,041,277; Greece and Turkey, $10,974;
Portugal, $646; Austria, L$449. From
these countries for nine months end
ing March 31. 1903, $1,314,676. Califor
nia production for that period, $150,
000.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Sept. 23.
Knpcjis His Would-Be Captor
Dov>ti and Euiib, but Is
Captured After a Chase
Prominent Clergyman In
dorses Improvement Pro
ject in Letter to Mayor
Daughter of Famous Egyp
itian Missionary Leaves
Her Home Partly Clad
Charles N. Felton, R. J. Dev
lin and James H. Wilkins
Meet at Folsom To-Day
Wielder of Pistol Promises
to Give Himself Up, but
Does Not Keep His Word
Professor George W. ShaAV
Says That Local Manu
facturers Are Careless
Alamrria County.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER .
Seattle Brewing and Maltlnj? Company <Jf
Washington (corporation) to Seattle tfre\vm*
and Malting Company ot State of v. est _v ir
ginia lot .on N'YV corn«r of Jackson and t lrat
streets. M 100 by W 150. lota VJ to -o. bloc*
11 Kellersberger'a Map. Oakland: *1.
Agnes norland (widow> to Harlow F. tfan
croft. lot on SB corner of Summit and Twenty
nlnlh or Pronpect streets 8 40 W E S»:0...
being M 40 feet of lot 12. Borland property,
Oakland: $10. „ .
iluhcirl Dalton to Julia Magner, all InUiw
in lot on E line of Willow street. 103 N of
Sf war.! N 27 by B SO. lot 8. block B. TO
land Tract. Oakland: $10.
I'eter J and Katherine T. Mull«a to Jww
P Mullen lot on E Iln» of Herman street,
323.23 N to lta Intersection with NW Un« of
Ayala avenue, thence SE G».«. N 50. W a I. IS.
S 63.7S to beginning, portion of lot S6. bl»H
I. map of Vlncente Peraita Reservation Tract.
Temescal. Oakland; (10.
John Cull (single) to the Roman Catholic
Archbishop of San Francisco (corporation sole),
lot on S Hne of Jones street, 13a 13 of Grove,
K €0 by S luO corrected map of Jones Tvict.
Oakland; $U).
>V. B. and Mary M. Bradbury to Bradbury
Estate Investment Company, lot on N Una ot
Sprue? street, l.'O E of Davenport, E 50 by N
ICO, block 32, mao Town of Woodstock. Ala
meda; $10. _ „ _ „
J S. and Clara Myers to IiOUl* P. ReeB
(3incle) tot on SW corner of Avon atreet and
Second avenue. W 121 :« by 3 10O. lot* » and
30 block B. map of blocks A. B. C. \«rnoar
Park, Oakland: $10. .
Ann Cunningham (widow) to Paulina Hlncn
(wife of Joseph T.), lot on N line of Alcatraa
ayenu*. 20O E from E boundary line of Lor.n
Villa Tract. N 1-0 by E -10. Oakland; $10.
Lizzie J Canriger (widow) to same, lot on N
line of Alcatrai avenue, 120 E from E bounrtary
line of Lortn Villa Tract. X 120 by B 80. Oak-
a Lorenzo A. and Helen U Moore (wife 1 ) and
Martha Moore (widow) to Turner Browr.rigs.
lot on S line of Plymouth or College avenue,
120:0 W of Kim street. 3 111. E 30:«. N UC.
AV %>:IO being W portion of lota 5O and 51.
map of Buena Vista Homestead. Oakland; »10.
Lottie B Johnson (wife of Eujren*) to Eu
gene Johnson lot on W Une of Twenty- thlrJ
avenue. 101:3 N" of Nineteenth 3treet. W
14«:4, N 50. E 138. S 50:10. lot T. block C.
map of Bub»llv<<:!on W>. Associates' Tract,
Ea.«t Oakland; cift.
Glennle Daviea »single) to C. F. A.lams
(single) lot oa E Un« of Mary street. 212:4
S of Addlson S 3T.:4 by E 130. portion of
low IS and 19, block 1. McC.ee Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
Richard H. Trenouth to Elizabeth M. Tre
nouth. lots 1 and 2. block 36. Tract B. Berke
ley Lajid and Town Improvement Association;
$10.
Annie K. anil Moses I. Aronson to> Nellie
Cain (wife of Charles>. lot on N 11ns of Dwlgiit
way. 10O 'vv' of Fulton street. TV 5O by N
135. portion of lot 4 block 3. property of
College Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PUTS UP LIVELY FIGHT
NEED BETTER MACHINES
IS MENTALLY UNSOUND
OPEN INVESTIGATION
DENY DAYTON'S CHARGES
DOES NOT SURRENDER
Mrs. Annie Stewart^ Wife
of a Presbyterian Clergy
man, to Be Restrained
America Will Buy Cali
fornia Product if Opera
tors Make Pure Stuff
A. Mat-hews Wounds Toy
Tong, a Laundryman, in a
Dispute Over a Small Bill
Leading Oakland Eeal Estate
Dealers Offer $750 an
Acre for Any Land as Near
Board of Prison Directors
Will Inquire Concerning
the Charges of Cruelty
Midnight ilafauder Found
as He Makes His Entrance
Into Barroom of a Hotel
HOUSEBREAKER
CAUGHT IN ACT
WANDERS AWAY
WITHOUT SHOES
PROVE FAITH
IN PARK SITE
OFFERS MARKET
FOR OLIVE OIL
STRAITJACKET
AT SAN QUENTIN
SHOOTS CHINESE
IN PETTY ROW
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
4 POLICEMAN DREWS VACATIOX.— Oak
land. ' Sept. 23. — Policeman Jamea T. | Drew wu
granted sixty days' leave of absence -. to-day
by the Police and Fir* Commissioners **>*& he
mar so* to Ar*r wt in'. for fr* m ***^**fr
INCENDIARY RL.A7.E.— AUmeda. S«pL
23. — Fire tfainasred the private bathhouse con
nected nith the handsome residence of C. A.
Hooper, on the beach at - tbe iouth end of
Hawthorne street, lait night. The blaie waa
extinguished by the chemical engine from
Sherman street. It la thought that the fire
tras otartetf b>- an Incendiary, aa several at
tempts have been made . heretofore to destroy
tbe Oocpcr batbhouae by flamea.
6
BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEBA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1033.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
alameda:
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alamcda 559.
ApraimsratiiLvrs.
? ' H
Are You Interested in the Condition ef Your
TEETH?
t» you want them to look w«ll and
work "well? To be free from pain? To
be out ex ytMir " mouth if they, hara
passed beyond usefulness? "To" b« niled
w<th a permanent composition If de-
cayed? Do you want to have the necea-
gary ~ *
Done at moderate cost? If you do*
come to
Post-Graduate Denial College,
3 TAYLOE ST.. SA» FRANCISCO.
.•73 Waafciwrtoa 8t,O»klaaa. v
I The choicest residence property in Oakland.
I 37 minutes by the "KEY ROUTE" from San
0 Francisco. Select neighborhood. Fine houses.
I Grand view. v Pure air. No winds. No fog
Lots range from 120 to 200 feet in "depth.
; Houses bmlt to suit purchaser, on easy terms.
The Realty Syndicate
1212 Broadway, R ea j Estate Dept., -
Oakland. 14 Sansome St. S. F.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 2*1
Sun rises ....1 B:59
Sun eet* .' .6:05
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. rn.
C iTlmel Time Time Time
» I ( Ft. i Ft. Ft. Ft.
?|LW| ¦ Hff L W H W
24 4 : 63 1.0 11:34 6.0 5:17 1.5 11:40 4*7
25 5:22 1.3 11:67 4.0 5:52 1.3 .....'.
|HW L W H W I. W
26 0:15 4.6 5:44 1.6 12:1S 4.0 6:26 1.1
27 0:50 4.5 6:23 1.9 12:42 5.0 7:03 OB
28 1:42 4.3 7:00 2.2 1:10 4.9 7:47| ' 0.7
29 2:32 4.1 7:38 2.4 1:47 5.0 S:38| 0.7
• NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Kirneh tfhlp Atnlral Cecllle, wheat from Ta
<x,in» to Kurope at 20s Sd (Is 8d lest direct):
French bar* Oenevleve Mollnos. same cargo
from ilsif j'ort to Kurope at. 22s 6d, chartered
prior to arrival:' British ship •Weetgate. ", barley
from thlJi port to Kurop« at 23s 9d, with option
«f m'^rthandlse to Liverpool or London. ¦
The latest «raln charters reported are
Chartered for Grain.
The steamer Queen galled on Thursday for
Victoria, with an assorted cargo consigned ¦ to
various British Columbian ports, valued at
%\~,V2Xi, and Including the following:
1475 plow fresh fruits, 102 pkijs frech vege
tables, .TO pfcss onions. 7900 Iba drl»d fruit. 40O
lbs raislr.?. «r3 lbs dried fish. C5.210 lbs malt,
23C ctls rye. 150 J?als wine. 116 gal* whisky,
1000 lbs Mifrar, 120 pkgs paste, 302i lbs choco
late. 271£> 11* 10 cs meals. 'JSXt o» cunnr-d jroods. 23
I.ktjs grocerie* and provisions. 2023 lbs cop
peras. 10 i'ks* drugs, 59 cs anna and ammu
nition. 7 Fkxs paints. JH.OIO lbs boneblack, 12
cyU gas. 39 pkgs machinery. 10 pkgs wagon
material. 15 rolls roofing, 1257 lb* leaf to
bacco. 12 pkgs plumbing material, 9 pkga
nan*. 2 rolls leather, 30 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 2 ra hats.
Tbe ct'.vmor also carried S00 cs . canned
salracn. 130 half bbl* pickled salmon and
4118 lbs hops, valued at $3336, en route to
Australia, and 104 bbls pickled salmon, valued
tit {728, for Chicago, III.
Merchandise for the North.
The French ship Vauban was cleared yester
day for Genoa, Italy, with 6.474,600 lbs scrap
eteel. valued at 520,000. and 6424 ft redwood
lumber, valued at $1M.
Shipping Mcrcluints.
Blatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr
Rhvndam, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr
Cymric, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
"saUe'd Ser>t 23— Stmr Republic, from Liver-
Sept 21-
Stmr Evancellne. for Halifax.
COPENHAGEN — Sailed Sept 23— Stmr
Oscar II for New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Anchoria,
from Glasgow, for New York; etmr Barbarian,
from LIvmtjooI, for Montreal.
IIAMBl'KG— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Bel
gravia from New York.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Prinz
Oskar Irorn New York, via Naples: stmr
Hohenzollem, from New York, via Gibraltar
«nd Naples.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr
Koenig Albert, from New York, via Plymouth,
for Bremen, nnd proceeded.
Baggage transferred to and from all train*,
»te»mers etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 33 cent*: round trip B0 cent*. Mortoa
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor st.. 650 Market
fc C Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 48*
Notice to Passengers.
* Th« Dollar steamship people are not only
constantly increasing the number of its ves
eels. but the number of the family member*
a* well. Melville Dollar will wed MIks Bes
sie Hamilton, a Portland belle, and about the
time the young lady changes her name the
new eteamer Bc«le Dollar will be launched.
Another vessel, the Hazel Dollar, named after
a daughter of Robert Dollar, will soon be
In the course of construction.
?
Water Front Xotcs.
The overdue ship Bardowle. 164 days from
Geelcng to Falmouth. Is now posted at 10
per cent reinsurance; the schooner Advance.
out Cl days from Gulf port to Venezuela. 25
per cent: the Brltleh bark Shakespeare, 121
day* from the west coaat of South America to
Harbadoe*. 8 per cent; th« French bark Mo
liere, 68 da;-» from Shanghai to Royal Roads
6 per cent: the British ship Crown of Ger
many. (;0 days from Shanghai to Royal Koads.
6 jier cent.
Th« Pacific Mail steamship Peru will sail
at noon to-day for Panama and way port*
The Anvric-an-Hawailan *team?hip Nevadan Is
due. from Honolulu to-day.
Xew Dollar Bride and Ship.
Steamer. From. ( Due.
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma. .. JSept. 21
Titania Oyster Harbor (Sept. *J4
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Sept. 24
Breakwater... Coos Bay Sept. 25
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Arctic Humboldt |Sept. 25
Newburp Grays Harbor JSept. 2tt
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 20
S. Barbara... Gray? Harbor Sept. 2(t
State of Cal.. San Diejo & Way Pts. Sept. 26
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. Sept. 20
Corofla Humboldt |Sept. 20
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor |Sept. 26
Mackinaw Tacoma Sept. 27
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 27
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Sept. 27
Arjro Eel River Ports Sept. 27
Porao:>- Point' Arena &. AlbionlSept. 27
Chas. Nelron. San Pedro |Sept. 2.8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'Sept. 28
Eureka Humboldt JSept. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports ISept. 23
TJmatilla Pujtet 'Sound Ports. .. JSept. 78
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon. Sept. 20
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 20
Coos Bay Ran Pedro &. Way Pts. Sept. 29
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 29
Santa Rosa — San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 1
Quten Puget Sound Ports Oct. 3
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 4
Mongolia China & Japan Oct. 4
Abydos Seattle Oct. 4
TO SAIL.
Steamer. J Destination. Sails. Pler^
September 24.
S. Monlflt... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalis Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pie? 2
Homer Humboldt 5 pm Pier 8
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11-
Aurella Astoria & Portland S pm Pier 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portland II am Pier 24
Peru N'. Y. via Ancon. ..|12 m Pier 40
! September 25. f
S. Rosa j San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona ; Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Eureka i Humboldt 9 amlPler 13
| September £6. |
Iaqua ; AMoria &¦ Portland. 1 pmlPier 2
Chico I Coquille River J 6 pm Pier 2
S. Barbara.. -Los Angeles Ports. | 1 pm Pier 2
N. Fork Humboldt |12 m Pier 20
September 27. I
Centralia. . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Breakwater. C003 Bay direct . 5 pm Pier 8
St. Paul.... Nome-St. Michael. 2 pm Pier 20
Redondo. . . . Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Umatllla. ... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September 28.
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
Bonita.:.... Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
September 29.
Coronado... O rays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Argo !¦>! River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Norwood.... Seattle & Tacoma iPler
Stat«of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 omIPler 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlpier 2
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .... 4 pn> Pier 29
Sonoma Sydney & Way i-pm Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 30. I I
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
> October 1. |
Gaelic China & Japan....) 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan. . . N, Y. via Ancon. . | 12 m Pier 40
October 2. | • |
Umatllla. ... Puget Sound Ports. |11 am! Pier 9
October 3. I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coog B.| C pmfpier 16
FROM SEATTLE. ~ ~ ~~
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Jefferson.' Fkagway & Way Ports. Sept. 25
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 25
Garonne Nome Sept. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Santa Clara.. Seldovia & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. . Oct. 1
Victoria Nome & N.E. Siberia Oct. 4 ;
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. Oct. 8
The California clipper Henry Hyde evidently
has a hoodoo setting 1 up aloft piloting the
ship. She has gone ashore the tiecond time
near Cape Henry, on the Virginia coast. When
she first struck the beach she was being- towed
from Baltimore to New York by one of the
Baker-Whitney tugs. The owners turned the
bhip over to the underwriters and began suit
against the towboat company on the ground
that the Hyde wa« lost through negligence
of th« tue's captain. She was sold by the
underwriters to a wrecking company, which
floated her. but yesterday she went ashore
again through the breaking of a hawser dur
ing a heavy gale, and is probably a total
loss. The Hyde Is a fine ship o*f 2450 tons
register, and was built at Bath, Maine, In
lSh4.
Henry Hyde Again Ashore.
CKIJfESD CAFE POSTPONED.— The hear
ing of the application of Miss Davis of the
1YuraaE'» Home Missionary Society for let
ters cf ruardiJLnEi-.ia. over Mee Ho. a eixteen
>ear-oM Chinese g;rT. rame up In Jud^e Cof
jey-s court yesterday, but after a teilous at
tempt to question the child through an in-
U-n.reter the c<>urt put the case over a week.
Jan J-jn. the merchant who brought Mee Ho
frrn China, and who claims to be her "eod
fath»r." was i?> court with several other
<>le«t!al*. He denies that he brought the girl
here f<T Immoral purposes or that ehe wants
to co to th« ml!«wion.
Postal Inspector James O'Connell is
on the track of a daring crook who
has been operating in this city. San
Jose and Berkeley during: the last few
weeks. The man Is in the habit of
purchasing a money order for a small
sum, raising the amount, generally to
$25 and then passing it on some un
suspecting merchant.
The crook turned his first trick at
the South Berkeley postoffice on Sep
tember 3, when he got a money .order
signed by C. II. Howard and drawn
on J. A. Baum of this city for 50
cents. He raised the amount to $25
and passed the bogus order on T. F.
Baumeister, a grocer at 1901 Howard
street, on September 9. He was
later heard from in San Jose, then
again in Berkeley and again in this
city.
The total amount of the fellow's
stealings will reach about J200. He
generally secures an order for 50 cents
and by a chemical process erases the
amount and sometimes the names.
In all he has worked no less than
seven of these bogus orders. He is
described as being afout 30 years old.
dark hair and mustache and well
dressed. Inspector O'Connell hopes to
apprehend the crook soon and believes
he is at present working his way up
north, possibly through Sacramento.
Bogus Money Order Man Works His
Graft Successfully by Raisins
Original Amounts.
INSPECTOR O'CONNELXi
LOOKING FOR X CROOK
The Pacific Mail steamship San Juan. Cap
tain tTrry. came In from Panama, Central
American and Mexican ports yesterday morn
ing with 1112 tons of freight, $20,471 In treas
ure and fifteen cab!n pa^senjers. Ellas Cohn,
a prominent banker of Guatemala, and John
ii. Heynies", a mine owner from Sinoloa, Mci
ii-o, are here on business. Mr. Heymes says
that the western portion of Mexico has lately
been visited by great storms of wind and
rain. Rivers and small streams have been
flooded, buildings destroyed, railroad and min
ing properties damaged and many lives lost.
Following are the San Juan's cabin passen
gers:
From New York, via Panama — T. S. South
wick and wife, and Carlos Burchardt.
From Aznapala. — Marie Martin, Robert H.
Mason, F. M. de Lamb and wife.
From Acajutla — Leandro Davidson.
From San Joi-e de Guatemala — Ellas Cohn,
Alfred Amenabar. William Howells.
From Mazatlan — John B. Heymes, Caesar
Croce, Lculse J. Croce and Anglla Laterlna.
Arrival or tlie San Jan.
Movements of Steamers.
THE COAST RECORD.
CTATiasa I \\\\ if fa §
> ? S 2 : : |
: • • : : :
Baker 20. S2 6fi 40 NW Cloudy -.63
Cnryon 29.S0 54 40 3 Rain .04
Eureka. 23.70 04 4G N Rain .24
Fr^.«m> 29. Sfl 70 W SE Rain .20
P.L\ Farallen.lSi.71 m Si S Pt.Cldyl.8S
Flagstaff 23.&C 64 4C, SW Clear .01)
PoontHl.* 23.}iG 72 40 SE Cloudy T.
Independence. 21). 76 <M 4S S Cloudy .<>0
I^os Angeles.. ..20.BS 72 5S S Cloudy T.
i!t.Tamalpals 29.74 M 4.1 S Foggy .51
North Head ..2!). 72 72 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 23. S2 S3 <iS NW CWr .00
Pt.i:<\ve 3 L'ht.2n.C«> Ul 55 S Cloudy .8*
Portland :Xi.<W 72 52 NW Cloudy .04
Ked BJuff ...21».72 tiO 5ti SE Rain 3.b«
Roseburx 2S.70 «4 50 NW Cloudy .24
Sacramento ...2J.72 02 56 SE Rain 1.74
Salt Lake 29.. SO 72 5S S Cloudy .CO
San Fran 2U.7S CO 53 S Rain 3. CO
San L. Obi.-»po.2a.Si DC ZH SE Rain 1.13
San Diego ...2W.DG 72 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.82 68 48 NW Clear .00
Spokane 28.Sti CO 4G N Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29. SO 00 50- E Clear .00
Walla Walla. 23. 78 tiS 4S SW Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca. ..29.70 CO 40 Cloudy .02
Yuma 29. Si S6 58 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm has remained nearly stationary
over Northern California and Southern Ore
gon. The rain has extended southward to Los
Angeles and will cover the entire State- to
night Cloudy weather prevails over the coun
try w«»st of the Rocky Mountains.
Thunderstorms have occurred at Eureka, Red
Bluff and Sin Francisco. Heavy rain has
fallen throughout the Sacramento Valley and
along the coast from San Francisco to San
Luis Oblryo.
The following are the rainfalls for twenty
four hours, ending 5 p. m. : Eureka, 0.22
Inch'*; R»*d Bluff, 3.8«; Sacramento, 1.74;
San Francisco, 3.C9; Fresno. 0.20; San Luis
Oblspo. 1.13; Los Anceles. trace.
Southeast ytorm warnings continue displayed
along' the California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour^, ending midnight September 24:
Northern California — Showers and thunder
storms Saturday; brisk southerly wind, high
off the coast.
Southern California — Rain Saturday; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada — Showers and thunderstorms Satur
day.
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Satur
day; brisk southerly wind.
Los Angele? and vicinity — Rain Saturday;
fresh west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Showers Saturday.
Fresno and vicinity — Showers Saturday.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, temporarily In charge.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Koenlr
Albert, from New York; atrnr Hamburg-, from
New York. .
NEW YORK — Arrived Bept 23— Stmr Cala
bria, from Leshorn: stmr Phoenicia, from
Hamburg; stmr Mongolia, from Glasgow
Arrived Sect 23 — Stmr Arabic from Liver
pool; ptmr Roma, from Naples and Malaga
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Ro
man, from Portland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 22— Bark Ed
ward May, hence Sent 1. Sept 23 — Stmr Ala
meda, hence Sept 17.
Sailed Sept 23 — U S tugr Iroquols; for cruise..
Arrived Sent 23 — Br stmr Manuka, from
Vancouver, for Brisbane.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 23— Schr j Marconi,
for Shoabvater Bay.
FOREIGN POIITS.
ALGIERS— Sailed Sept 22— Br stmr St
Flllans for New York.
COLON — Sailed SeDt 21 — Stmr Yucatan, for
New York.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Bept 14— Br «tmr
Anglo Canadian, for New York.
LEITH— Arrived Sept 21— Ger bark Llsbeth,
from Port Ludlow.
ST VINCENT — Arrived Sept 22— Br stmr
Shimosa, from New York, for Manila.
. YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aur 2ft— Br stmr
Stentnor, from Victoria.
CARDIFF— Sailed Sept 22— Fr bark Neullly,
for Kan Francisco.
' Suilcd SeDt 23 — Stmr Bontta, for San Fran
cisco. SeDt 22 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Excel
sior, for San Francisco; etr Sequoia, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Marsh
field, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Pedro.
EVERETT— Arrived Sept 23— Bktn John C
Meyer, from Saji Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 23, 7:65 a m—
Stmr Redondo, from Portland, for San Fran
cisco; 10:40 a m. «tmr Greenwood, from Al
bion, for Kan Francisco.
PasEed Sect 23 — Stmr Fulton, from Hardy
Creek, for San Pedro. •
COOS BAY — Sailed Sent 23 — Stmr Allllance,
for Portland: schr Webfooot, for San DIegro.
Arrived Seat H3 — Stmr Breakwater, -hence
Sept 21.
tfELLINGHAM — Sailed Sept 23— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed Seat 19 — Stmr Rose
crans, for Port Clarence, to try to Dull off
stmr Sadie, previously reported ashore at Cape
York.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 23— Bark
Coloma, from San DIeco.
ALBION— Arrived SeDt 23 — Stmr Porno,
hence Sept 22.
CLEONE — Sailed Pert "23 — Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived .Sept 23 Stmr
Brunswick, henc<i Sept 22.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived SeDt 23 Stmr
State ot California, hence Sept 22, and sailed
for Han Dleso.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Bo
nita. hence SeDt 20.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Kranclsco.
Arrived Sest 22— Bark Edward May, hence
Sept 1.
Sailed SeDt 23— Stmr San Mateo. for Port
Los Anseles.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 22. 7:45 p m — Stmr
Senator, from Nome. Sept 2."< — Stmr Jefferson,
from Ska3~way. Sept 22 — Ger stmr Abydos,
hence Sept 19. .
Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Portland, for Nome.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Ful
ton, for San PedrcO - - •.
UNION LANDING — Sailed Sept 22— Stmr
National City, for San Francisco.
POUT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 22— Ship
Lord Temcletown, for Callao.
Arrived Sent 22 — Bktn Portland, from Re
dondo.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 23— Bktn
Retriever, from • San Pedro.
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived Sept 20— Schr
Sa-lle. from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 21 — Schr Lily, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Sailed Sept 23 — Schr R C Slade,
for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC POUTS,
POINT LOBOS, Sent 23, 10 d m — Weather
cloudy; wind SE: velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
» SAILED.
Friday, Sept 23.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rodgrers.
Stmr Newport, Cornlns. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coquille River. Adler. Seattle.
Stmr Anro, Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Chehalis, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey.
SPOKEN.
Sept 17— Lat 4!> N, lonsr 6 W, Br bark In
veramaay, from Antwero. for Vancouver.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way port*: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Portland and As
toria; Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany.
Br ship Routenburn, Dalrymple, Newcastle,
NSW; Meyer. Wlldon 4; Co.
Fr shin Vauban, Le Dantec, Genoa, Italy;
G W McNear.
CLEARED.
Friday, Sept 23.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
AKRIVED.
1 Friday, Sept 23.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 17 hours from
Port Rodders.
Stmr Chehalis, Johnson, 35 hours from San
Pedro.
• Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 12 hours from Santa,
Cruz, otc.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 19 hours from Men
docino. —
Stmr Redondo, Kroe, CO hours from Port
land, via Astoria 26 hours.
Stmr Whlttler, Dlckson, 31 hours from Ven
tura, r
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Strar San Juan, Urry, 23 dayi from Ancon,
via Mazatlan 6 days.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badrer, CO hours from
Astoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Vfalrlr, 30 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr Newport, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Chlco, Martin, 56 hours from Bandon.
Bark Yosemite, Flynn, 24 days from Bristol
Bay.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 14 hour* from Not
leys Landing.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' ExrbunKS, ban Francisco, Cal.,
September 23. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bul'dins was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e , at noon of tbe 120th meridian, or at
8 P m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Before the hearing closed an informal
discussion was had. Mayor Schmitz
made the statement that the Cigar
makers* Union should have had better
premises 1 on which to base such
serious allegations against Commis
sioner Drinkhouse. To the executive
the fact that Drinkhouse has only 366
saloons as customers out of a total of
over 3000 was proof conclusive that no
intimidation or improper influence was
being used by Commissioner Drink
house.
C. B. Sweeney, saloon-keeper at 1300
Folsom street, does not buy and never
has bought cigars from Drinkhouse, ac
cording to his testimony. He declared
that the statement accredited to him
by a witness for the cigarmakers that
he had said he was forced to patronize
the Police Commissioner because of
favors shown was unfounded. m
Police Commissioner Drinkhouse took
the stand in his own behalf and testi
fied as follows:
According to the llcens* records there are
over 3000 saloons In Sari Francisco and of
these only 36B are on my books as customers.
Before I became a Commissioner those patron
izing me numbered 13".
My Instructions to my salesmen have always
b«en that they must make no reference to 'the
Police Commission. I have used no intimida
tion to build up trade, nor have my salesmen
ever done m>.
I never told Edward Horn or any one else
that 1 was compelled to buy clgara from
Police Commissioner Trlnkhouse.
Mr. Drinkhouse has never solicited any busi
ness from mo nor have any of his salesmen
ever approached me. I purchased clears from
him of my own voHticn. I went to Mr. Drink
house's office In May and grave him my first
order. That was a month before ray llcen&»
was revoked.
The hearing before Mayor Schmitx
of the charges against Police Commis
sioner Drinkhouse by the Cigarmakers'
Union was concluded yesterday and in
the course of his comments the execu
tive declared that the allegations had
net been substantiated.
"We couldn't get the witnesses- to
come forward and therefore failed to
deliver the goods," was the way the
case was summed up by Nick Blum,
the leader of the cigarmakers. The
Mayor announced that he would render
his decision next Tuesday.
Several saloon-keepers were exam
ined yesterday whose names had been
given to the Mayor the day before as
having been intimidated by Drink
house's agents. On the stand these
witnesses all testified that the Police
Commissioner had neyer attempted un
due influence or intimidation.
The first of the saloon-keepers called
was Ludwlg rfJusse, whose place of
business is on Howard street and who
was credited at Thursday's hearing by
Edward Horn with the statement that
he "had to buy his cigars from Drink
house." His testimony 'was as fol
lows:
Wyman is ordered to appear In Judge
Cabaniss' court to-day at 10 a. m. The
presence of McMenomy, the mysterious,
is also ordered. Commissioner Maes
tretti has promised that the man will
appear.
Judge Cabaniss was asked to take
charge of the documents offered in evi
dence, but decMned, on the ground that
he was not sure be had jurisdiction to
do so. He indorsed the evidence with
his signature.
Wright and Hosmer and Fairfax
Wheelan were not fooled by the double.
Xeitht-r was Deteotive M- J. Bulger of
<_"T:rtin'5 agency, who -was employed to
gather evidence for the prosecution.
Commissioner Maestretti says that the
pscudo Wyman's name is McMenomy,
but clainos to know nothing else about
him. He has been seated beside the
Commissioner during the two hearings.
Linle was accomplished at the hear
ing yesterday. Attorney Countryman
for the defense objected to every item
of evidence offered by the prosecution.
He objected to the designation Seven
ty-third Primary Election District, and
objected to the abbreviation "TL" for
Republican, "D." for Democrat, etc He
objected to all the records and affida
vits brought ' forward by George P.
Adams, secretary of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners, and he objected to
the primary election proclamation. J.
Harry Zemansky, deputy registrar of
voters, was also called to testify as to
the qualifications of the officers in
charge of the booth where Wyman is
alleged to have cast an illegal vote. His
evidence was also objected to. Judge
Cabaniss overruled all these objections.
Shortly after a o'clock the court ap
pointed Tuesday at 2 p. m. for the next
hearing. Attorney Hosmer then asked
if the defendant were in court. Then
the fact of the double's presence was
revealed.
Hosxner and Wright, attorneys for
th*- croEocution. denied this, as did
Ffeirfax Wheelan. On inQuiry it was
found that Wyman had remained, at
any rate, almost to the time of ad
journment. If not until the exnet mo
menu
and Fairfax "Wheelan. I want, the man
charged with contempt."
"Was the defendant in the room until
the time of adjournment?" inquired
Jud^re Cabaniss.
TU swear that he was." said Com
n-r^sioner Maestrciti. 'lie left just
after your Honor said Tuesday, 2
o'clock.' "
"Tne man has been here for two
days." exclaimed Attorney Wright for
t^<? prosecution. "At the last hearing 1
saw Attorney Countryman point in his
direction when h» spoke of the defend
ant. It's a. trick to deceive this court
"I want that 'ringer' brought before
me to-morrosr."* thundered Judge Ca
1-anisi
1h*> isresfsc-c of a dnub> of Charles
tTj-jnsa. accused of illegal voting at the
primary el<N:ion. caused a sensation In
.lL:i?^re c~" \aniss* court yesterday. Just
*js ;::* court ivas al>out to adjourn ths
question ii^<*. "'Where b WymanT* Tire
real deffiiiiant. who had been sitting in
tli* tear of the courtroom, had disap
peaxed. The psruio Wyman. who had
beeii Fittiiis inside the rail beside Com
n:iF«ioner .Maf»tr«r!U. &*d alsp dicap
pearei.
Juigr Cabaniss looked to -where the
double had been stated. ""He was there,
was ht rioiV iiiQiiired his Honor. Tlien
the st-iJi !:!¦;:? mforaizition was imparted
to lii* court t-har the man wht> had been
5eatud beside Commissioner Maesirettl
was not the defendant. He resembled
him c^cscly in every particular.
After Slow Session in the
Elaetiou Fraud Hearing
the *\Riii£<?r" Is iteveaJed
Explains He Could Not Make
Good Because Witnesses
Feared to Come Forward
At Shanghai the officers of the Gaelic
saw the Russian cruisers Askold and
Gromoboi lying dismantled in the har
bor. Both vessels show the fearful or
deal they pas&ed through in their run
for a place of refuge. Great shot holes
are in their sides, partly below the
water line and the smokestacks are
riddled. They are literally wrecks.
The Gaelic sailed from Hongkong
August 26: Amoy. August 28; Shanghai,
August 30: Nagasaki. September 1;
Kobe, September 3; 'Yokohama, Sep
tember 6, and Honolulu, September 15.
Her cabin passengers are: A. W.
Buschendorff, C. B. Franklin and wife,
Mrs. E. Gowan, Mrs. L. L. Ormsby,
Miss M. X. Stubbs, Mrs. M. C. L. Sher
wood, H. T. Wilgress, Mrs. P. T. Car
rington. R. Carrington, D. B. Fullerton,
Victor Marsh. J. D. Sloan, John B.
Steel and Captain A. E. Wilson.
After one more round trip for the
Gaelic she will return to Hongkong
and bid good-by to the Pacific, pos-
Fibly forever. She will go back to Eng
land and her White Star owners will
probably dispose of her to some minor
steamship company, as she is too old
and out-of-date for Atlantic passenger
work. There have been rumors of the
"White Star steamship Majestic's com
ing here to take the Gaelic's place, but
steamship men do not think this prob
able. The splendid Majestic principal
ly intended for passengers, would have
to be changed for freight accommoda
tion and other alterations would have
to be made which would be too costly
fc-r the traffic
On the ' outward trip, while crossing
the Yellow Sea. the Gaelic sighted a
Russian cruiser steering northward.
From the peculiar location of her three
funnels she was easily recognized as
the NavUc Though the Gaelic was in
plain view the ltussian did not stop,
but hurried on her course. At Shanghai
the incident was reported and it was
learned that the Novik's indifference
to the rich prize that was hers for the
taking- was due to the fact that she
herself was seeking safety from the
pursuing Japanese — a safety she never
found, as her shot-riddled hull lying
boached on the Chinese coast will tes
tify. The information given by the
Gaelic concerning the Nuvik was sent
to the Japanese naval commander and
possibly the liner thus contributed to
the Xovik's end.
The Occidental jmd Oriental steam
ship Gaelic, Captain Finch, arrived
yesterday niorninj? from China, Japan
aiid Honolulu wiib 2ST6 tons of cargo,
J2jO.?00 in treasure and 14 cabin pas-
Th»*re were 63 Asiatics in the
steera.ere. Miss M. N. Stubbs, daughter
of David P. Stubbs, general manager of
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company, returns from a vacation in
the Driest. A. W. Buschendorff. a
hotel n-.iin of Tsintuo. China, is on a
visit to- this country. Captain A.,12.
M'ilsoa and J. B. Steel are the master
and chief engineer, respectively, of a
British steamship line on the Asiatic
coast.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column- gives- the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heiBhtu given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters. ,
On the Outward Voyage, in the Yellow Sea Between Nagasaki and_Shanghai,
She Sights the Big Raiding Cruiser of the White Czar, but the War
Vessel, Herself Seeking Safety From the Japs, Does Not Molest Her
, , .: * , I *
(120tl» Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Sept. 33, 5 p. m.
Th« followhii Riaslmum and rr.!nlnmrn tem
peraiure* are renorU-ri for the iirevlou^- day
Cincinnati 6S-34|New Orlt-ana H8-76
Boston Si-.'.Olpiiliarteipliia PS-40
Jark»onvl]le TS-Tt.''. Washington B6-30
St. I/.»uis 70-OUJKew York 64-40
Chicago «J-52lPitwburB U0-4C
S AX FR AXC1SCO 63-50.
Weather Kc«)ort.
EKCmXG CONCLUSION
Man Sittinjr Near Maestretti
'Causes Sensation l\v Hi3
ilesemhlance to G. W,vman
BLUM ADMITS FAILURE
Mayor So Expresses Himself
as to Drinkhouse Case
', After Hearing Is Ended
DOUBLE ROUSES
JUDGE'S WRATH
OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL STEAMER
GAELIC SPARED BY RUSSIAN NOVIK
CHARGES LACK
SUBSTANTIATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEaiENTS. ~-
. Let Tour Husband Carry^flieHod
— the Coal hod. Ik^sno/
GasCoolkij^is) . O'Y
' ' - - Hw4>
iar^.doctorlbills. ' ==^^^m^^ *
BvyaGasKangcFrom
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO, '
;4i5:POST STREET.
AD\ r PtXlSE^IEXTS.
i ; — iPositirelr cured by
CLpTTrnQ these Little Pills.
pjgq tresa trca. Dyspepsia. In-
OSj ITTLE C!?estloa and Too Hearty
JE I *# p |J4 Eatlu^ A perfect rem-
ifi IV hm Im edy for Elzrlcers, Nausea,
' tr. PILLS* Bad Tcste
F3 1^3 * to tbe 3f octn. Coated
c£r&t*ttM Tongue. Yzln la tte Side.
¦¦¦rest** 1 "" *" .' Itoiipid hxtr. They
regulate tbs Bowels. Purely Veffetatsle.
StfALLPlLL. SHAaOOSE. SMALL PRICE
fciPTrod C^E SICK HEADACHE.
jUAKI tlltf . r'ti'. '- , _ -
hprrrLE Genuine Must Bear
01 VER Fas-Simfle Signature
HPJU.S. _^
V
in 'Vf< 1//
/if 1
THIi SMILJ5 OF SOLID
SATISFACTION
Tliut o f crsT>roa(j3 the faces of our
•pleased customers r.'hen they put- to tho
test a *.»mple of oar superb laundry
xcork is s smil^ that never lades, because
«nd«T nil circumstances our work Js .-il-
way« «P to the highest stitsdzrd of cx-
ctlleric'?. No roagtj vCgcs on your cil-
Jar» or cuffs*, r.o bUsten on j-our chlrt
fruntF. no dirt tii.it is not thoroughly
wanii'H out m:A no broken prosiises in
delivorhtjf finished \rork.
Vimm STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MAESET STS2ET.
Telephone Eouti 420.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMFAZnr.
Tiburcn Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAK FKAZTCXSOO TO BAIT JtAPAEI..
"WEEK DATS— T:30. S:0O. 0:00 11:00 a. m..
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:M p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. tt:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAK BAPAXlIi TO BAIT FBAKCZSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05, 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 0:21>.
11:15 a. m.. 12:50, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33 9:20. 11:15 a. m.. 1:45,
- 3:40 4:50. 6:C0. 5:20. 8:25. 7:30 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave | In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. * I May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I D«Jlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I daya. | Uon. | days. | Day*.
7:30 a 7:45 a| 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a| 8:40a
8-00 a 9:30 a I^naclo. 10:20 a 10:'.*O a
2-30 p 2:30 p O:0Op 6:2«>p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
I I 7:25 p|
! 1 I »:45 p|
7:30 a| 7:30 a 7:45 al 7:45 a
8-00 a! 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a;lO:20 a
2:30pi»:30a Petaluma 6:2Oi>t6:2Op
6:10 pj 2:30 p and 7:25 p| 7:25 p
1 | 6:10 p Eanta Rosa 8:45 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30p 2:30 pL 8:45 p| 7:25 p
Windsor. I
; 7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg;. 10:20 a:10:20 a
Lytton. j
! 2:30 p 2:30 p Ceyservill*. 7:25 pj 7:25 p
l Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 pi 7:25 p
j j Wllltts. j j
7:20 a| 7:30 a| N Sherwcod. | 7:25 p[ 7:23 p
8:00 a] 8:00a| Guernevllla and 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pi 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:3Oa| 7:30a| • 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lyttoa for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skacsrs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle atd Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnps. Highland Springs. Kels-yville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Hiverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'si.
Sanhednn HHeMs. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Wejtport, Usal; at Willits for Fort Brsgg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto. tfovelo. Layton-
. ville, Cummlas, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsons,
Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka. .
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
' On Sundays — Round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. PvYAN*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
' 0W EiBilS
Es*?B yg
1 CALIFORNIA B
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO H
§ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS B
gat J):.*:O a. m., thronyli In 3 dayi.M
i with diner aad all trappings. H
Other Santa re Trains:
o-Tft «' m'\ t0T Stockton . Vrtsno. Baker«2«ld.
g loop ™'J Merced. Hanford and VUall*.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chlcaso.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Pint St.,
San Jose. ¦
fiffija^j^wMtttjuj ASsfll *T a A TJ T? A T* A T* T
| \^4^-E *JStW&KW 1O VAftll IVitV ilUUf
I^^^^Sg ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30, 7:10, 7:45, 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20, 1:45. 3:15,
4:00. 4:33. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15, B:00. 10:20.
11*35 p. in- Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a n>. 1*2 :2O 1:00. 1:45, 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20 11:35
V. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
7:00 7:35. 8:15. 8:45, 9:35, 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05 1:25. 2:50, 3:35. 4:20. 5:05, 6:40, 8:15,
0:55, 7:55 10:O5, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holiday a extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05,
8:50 r. m. f
For Fairfax.- week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20, 1:00. 1:45
I., in. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and war stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. rn. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
8:15 p. in.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market *t.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market *t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU JUmliU Ferry And™
San yrancl»oo fut «f l«r>«t tt Ban rtmneiia»
Week Ban- ban- Week
Day*, days. /g&H&Sfc. d«>»- D*y«.
; 8:30 a E££^3£3£g£l I2:« r« &«*
10:00a V£3aSg&g£W 2:05 r •11:05*
10-00 a 11:00 a fe«^? 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 p 12:20 r B - 40 ' 6:IB|
»:1lr 1:45 p 6:15? IfcMl
•Vtototittr'far. *^ ttoilyaii U W T«Hi»
TicuT (OS Marxkt &t. (Netth Dhora KatlroadJ
Cmcii land tuviuucro Fxsmt, Toot Utxktt 81
RAIIiWAY TRAVEIi. ¦
(and daily excursions in Pullman tourist
leeping cars without change from Los^jvL
ngeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San
rancisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, van
ockton, Sacramento and other California ||
ints via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific B|
I Chicago & North - Western Railways II
nd the East. Fast trains. Excellent J^gr
;ervice. Dining car service a la carte, ffff
Choice of routes. Low round-trip raLes *is5y
k Double berth to Chicago only $7. OO^s?!^.
*77. Isi Soatian Pwiia ti:i«t tjtsts for M iafcfsuttion.
jf<ffl&&i&?**gj&i R - R - RITCHIE. Gomtral Aqant Pacific CozsJ, > a^^w(
/^HTiv Trmlna lesTe and are da*
/v<^crrr>jy"\. toarrlv«»t
|b^^Z]SAN FRANCISCO.
\£r~f5X~~/(lJ Fbo» Jclt 13. 1304.
Nyj^^S^x/ Txxrr Vxtvt
\>V \~S (Toot of Mtr'cec Strost )
»"" - MAIN LINE. - *«»»?«
700a VacmTllIe. Wlnten. hum*ey_ 7 60»
7J0a Beniela. Elmlrm and 8»cr«meoto.. 7.20'
7 J0a Vallej*. N'apa. Callstog*. S.iat»
Rom. Msrtinex. Saa Ramon 8 20»
7J0a Nlle*,Tncy. Lathrop, tftoclcron.... 7.20i»
8.00a 8huu Bzpreis — (Via Divii 1.
Wliitnmf (for UarUrtt S?rlaxi>.
Willow*. tFruto. KeJ Ulalt.
PortUad. Tacoma. Seattle 7-SOp
8. OCa Darla. Wood! and. Knights Laudtag,
MarysTllle. Chlco, UroTllla 7.50»
840a Port Coata. Marttaez. Aatloch.
Bjrea, Tracy, Stucktoa. Xew-
man. Lo* Banoa, >t e n d o t a.
Arcnona. lianford. VI calls.
Portarrllle 4.20*
UOA Port Co»ta. Modeits. Merced.
Fre«ao. Goitien Junction, llaa-
ford. Vtaalia. B*ker*9eld 4.50*
f-30A Nil**, San Jose, Llverxore. Stock-
ton, (tUlltoa). Ionr. Sscmmeuto.
Mftrytvtlle. Chlco. KaU B'.uC .... 4.20*
I-50A Oakd&l*. Cblneie. Jirnts:o-»n. 80-
nor». Tuolumne and Aneela ..... 4-20s>
¦ 00a AtlantloKsarea* — Ogden«ad£*itt. 520i>
840a Rtcamood. Martinet and Way
Suttoss 6 5C»
10-OOATan Overland Ltmlted — usdan.
Omaba. Cblcajo, DenTer, Kansa*
City. St. Louis 8-20P
10.00a Vall»jo 12.20«>
13.00a Lo» Anrele* Paiicnj-er— Port
Coata, Martinet. Dyrun, Tracy.
Lathroo. Stockton. Mercoil,
KaymoDd. Freino. Goaben Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lemoore. Vliaila.
Bakertfleld. Lo§ Angeles 7-20*
12.00m Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3.70*
11 .OOP 3«critn-Bto Hirer Steamer* Ml. 00*
3.30P Benlcla, Winters. Sacrairenta
« Woodl-iad. Willows, Knlsrot*
Landing. M»rytTl".e, OrorliU
and way (tatlosa 10 50*
S-SCp Barward, Kile* aad Way Station!.. 7-60»
4.00PMart1nex.9aoUnmon.ValleJo.Napa.
i:»ll»'«ca. S»nt» Ruu 9 20a
4 COp Nilei. TracT. 8 toe S ton. Lodl 4.23P
430PH»yw«r<1. Kile*, lr ring ton. Sin » ?8.50 a
Jott. Livermore ) t11.50A
• Cup The Owl Wnalted— Newman. Lo*
B*B*a. Meodo.a. Freino. Talaro,
Ba£er*field. Lo* Angeles 8-50*
tl.<OeBaywar< Nile* and stnJois 7.20a
6.0Up Uavward. Nl!*« and San Jots 3 i0*
•.00p Eastern Expreas — Ojrden. Omaba.
Caleaco. DenTer. Kansas City.
St. Lout*. Tia Marttnez. Stockton,
Sacraaaento. Colfnz. Reno 12.50*
• .OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I ¦. en _
700P Vallejo. s>uaiiay .m'.y f '•»«»
7 .OOP Richmond, flan Pablo, port Co*ta.
JUrtlaei and Way Station* 11.20A
7- SCP Bem> Pattens*' — Port Coata. 8nl-
tun. Elmlra. DaTlt. tsacramento,
Trockee, Lake Taboe. Ken a,
"'¦__ Tonopah. Spark*. 7-60a
t.OoPFort Ceita. Martinet. Byron. *
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto,
Slerced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations heyond Port Cost* 12-20P
805p YosemU* Valley. ¦> !» Berenda and
„ . Wawona 8.50*
I.05P Marttaez. Tracy, Stockton 10.20a
. • ObP Oregon * California Express— Sac-
rameato, MaryiTtlle. Redd'ag.
Portland. Pu^et bound «nd Katt. 8-50*
t.lOP Hayward. Nile* and San Jote iSim-
dayoaly) 11-BOa
COAST LINE (harrow «au*e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a 9antaCmiExcnrslon<Sund»yonly) 810i»
I.IEa Kewark. CenterTllie. Sao Jote,
Pel ton. Boulder Creek. Bl? Basin.
Santa Crnz ami Way Station*... 6-65*
tt-loA AlTarade. Newark, San Jose, Lo*
Gatot.GlenwTxxt, Felron, Boulder
Creek, BIp Batla. Sant» Ctuz.... 813»
12-16p Kewark. Centerrllle, Saa Joaa.
New Aim ad en. Lus G»to», Fci'.toa.
UoaMer Creek, Sanu Craz aad
Principal Way Sutlon* 1035*
4.1E*> Newark. Saa Jote, Lot Gatoa t8.5S«
4.1Sp Wrtzbt, Bonlder Craelc and Santa,
Craz. Saturday and Sanday only. b8 55*
COAST LINE (Br,»art «a DX e).
t3>" (TQird »ml fowa«cnd Street*.)
8.10a Saa J««e and Way Station! JTSOm
t/.OOA Ban Jes« and Way SUHonr 6.4Q»
7.15a Monterey and Saat* Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 1330»
¦ 00a New Alniadea (Tu-s.. Frld.. only). 4.10#
• OCa Tbe Caaater— Saa Jeae. Sails**.
Ban Ardo. Pato Rohles. 8aata>
Marcartta, San Lait Obltpo. Saata>
Bar bar*. San Baenarentnra.
MontalTo, OxBArd, Bar sank, Lo*
Ametes . ... r ... 18.48*
I.COa Ollroy. HelHstcSr. CattroTllle. Del
Moate, Pacific Grove, Surf, Loa-
poc 1043»
t.OOA >aa Jose. Tres Plaoi.WationTflle.
Capttola. Saata Crnz. P»c!2o
GroTQ, Saltaaa. San Lai* Oblspo
aad Principal Way Station*. ... . 4.10*
1040a 8»n Jote and Way Station* 1.23»
1140a 8 ml a Clara. Ban Jam, Lo* Gitoi
aad Way Stations 7.3a»
148p San Joae aad Way Station* I 38A
tl. OOp Del Moat* Kxprsca (except San-
day) — Saata Clara, Saa Jose,
WaueATiiie. Santa Craz, Del
Mont*. Maaterey. Pactae Grove. tl21 $•)
tiiw Barllacsme, Saa Jota. GUror, Hoi*
litter. Tre» PlaocPaJ&r*, watsoa*
Tllle. Capttola. SaaU Crnx, Ca»-
troTllla. Baltoaa, Pacific GrOT*... 13XJ»
4S0p> «»a Jose aad Way Stations tt-COi
t5 00p SaaU Clara. San Ju«, L*e Gatoa,
wrlsbt »nd prtnelpal Way Bt*-
tlon* (aicept Sanday) IS. 00a
|530p eanJoteaa«PrlnclpalWayStatloni U-404
6 4Sp Bnstet Kipre**.— Redwood. Baa
Je*«. OtlTor.Sallaa*.Pa*« Roblet,
Ban Lul* Obltpo, Sanu Barbara.
Lot Aagele*. Deatnc. KI Paao*
New Orleans. N*w Tork , 7.184)
1.45 P Pajaro, WataosTille. Capttola, 1 .,„ __
SaaU Craz. CaatroTtUe, Del >!Js"5s2
Monte. Pacific GroT* A T10-4tt»
18-15p £an Jlateo,Ber«tford,BelTnoat,S*a
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair O&kz,
MenJo Park. Palo Alt* tt.4«*
I30p San Jote and Way SUtloaa. 8334
« 00p Palo Alto aad Way Button* 10.114
11 .30p aouth SanFrancltco, MlUbrio. Bor-
llncam*. Bin Mateo, Belmont,
fian Carlo*. Radwood, Fair OaiJ,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.43*
¦1 V30p Mayfleld. Moan tain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawreace. SanU Clara a&4
iiJotr. t»-49m
? for MornlnK. P tor Af uruooav "~*
t Sanday exeepted. t Sunday oniy. *'
«• Satardty only. ft Monday only.
. jBtep* at >U tt»apM c» »Mday.
Gonorrhoea and Urinary DlschargeB%
A 'CUBE IX 43 HOURS.
WEEKLY CALL, $ 1.00 PZB TSAS,\ Special Information supplied daily to
• business houses and public men by th«
; Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cal
ifornia street Telephone Mala 10i2. " r
An individual in the Maine woods has announced himself as the
only original and simon pure Elijah reincarnated. So there is to be
competition in Dowic's trade and we may expect to hear some true
apostolic fulminations from Zion City.
P Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 80c. 79 4th St..
ont of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
; Townsend's California Glace fruits la
I sxtlstic fire-etched boxes.. 715 Market st"
According to a German savant teeth may now be painlessly ex
tracted after application of a blue light to the nerve centers affected.
Let each sufferer now provide himself with a fragment of bottle glass
and a clawhammer and become his own dentist.
is a marvel indeed. He is of Russian
pedigree, nine years old and of fine
build. His master and teacher, Herr
von Osten, is what Germans call a
"Bonderling" — a quaint, old, withered,
long-haired little man with j the looks
of a professor and the garb of a men
dicant.' A large gray, ; slouch hat cov
ers his grizzly locks and a well worn
coat of an undeflnaBle color and
trousers to match, V both ' several size*
too large, flap- around his thin phy
sique. He 'speaks and behaves with
the obstinacy -"of a' man -of firm con
victions, "whose work and alma have
been unappreciated and even miscon
strued. And such.- In ; fact, ,' has been
We read that King Peter Karagebrgevitch's crown is an inex
pensive affair, quite modest in its incrustations of gems. Truth is
crowns are so likely to tumble in Servia that Black Peter is conserv
ative in his expenditure on this unstable plaything through a whole
some regard of its transitory nature.
HAN8>THE WONDERFUL THINK
ING HORSE AND HIS MASTER,
HERR VOX OSTEN.
Alas! that there should be only 177 American families who
possess the proper heraldic qualifications for "exalted rank" in the
British dominion. But if rank is but the guinea stamp, as Burns
says, the dollar stamp on certain American escutcheons will prob
ably continue to pass current at par in titled circles of England.
his fate. For many months his ardu
ous endeavors to draw the attention
of scientific people and men of influ
ence to his work have been without
avail. He is a confirmed idealist; he
believes not only in the progress of
the human race, but also in the facul
ty of some animal species to attain
human achievements if properly edu
cated. He claims that mental facul
ties of a higher order are latent in
some animals which may be brought
out by means similar to the methods
of the school education of children.
It took him fourteen years of assidu
ous experimental work before he ar
rived at the results which are to-day
the sensation of all Berlin, Including
the scientific world, which had previ
ously observed an attitude of distinct
reserve, not to say suspicion.
Herr von Osten does not charge a
cent admission to the masses which
throng daily into the courtyard of his
plain house in Grlebenow street. He
is not "out for money"; he says he
means to serve the cause of science.
He Is practically penniless, yet he has
been very determined in rejecting the
advice of his friends to make capital
out of his marvelous animal.
FEATS OF HAXS.
What are Hans' achievements? ...
dry enumeration of his feats would fall
to convey a perfect notion of hte in
tellectual capacity.. His intelligence is
shown in his look, no less than in his
feats. His glance seems to say: . "I
know exactly what I am doing; • do
you?" He is asked by some one among
the bystanders: "How many people in
this crowd wear straw hats?" And
Hans looks about and gives, with his
hoofs, the. exact number. "How many
persons do you' see here?" Another
glance of almost human understanding
and again; he "hoofs" the right num
ber. "> "How many children are. here?"
"How many ladles 7" (or rather,
females, for even Smart Johnny would
be at a loss to discern outwardly a
woman who i Is not a lady from a
woman who Is). "How much is 3
FRATERNAL SOCIETY — H. F. M.,
City. There is no law of California
that says that a member of a fraternal
society shall be suspended froci mem
bership because an Inmate of an
asylum for the insane by virtue of s>
commitment. Insanity is regarded as
a malady and If a member of the fra
ternal society is sent to an asylum for
the insane as a patient, and the dues
and assessments of such member are
regularly paid, the membership does
not cease, any more than it would if
the member was suffering from some
other malady and kept In good stand
ing. But if a member sent to such an
asylum Is not kept in good standing
by relatives and friends and becomes
delinquent such ' member must ruff er
the same penalty that any other mem
ber does for non-payment of dues and
is liable to preclusion at the expiration
of the limit, as provfded in the laws of
the organization. If, however, the
subordinate body out of compassion
for the unfortunate member should
decide to keep the member In good
standing, it would be bound to do so
until the body decided otherwise.
IN ESCROW— A.. Berkeley. CaJ. A
person may make and sign a gift deed
and dace it in escrow, with the under
standing that it shall be recorded im
mediately after the death of the signer.
Such an act is legal.
NO SUCH LAW— J. A. D.. City. Con
gress did not in 1390 pass a law declar
ing Labor day a national holiday. Con
gress has never created a national holi
day. During the second session of the
fifty-third Congress a law was passed
making Labor day a legal holiday in
the District of Columbia.
BRODERICK-TERRY — O. M. M..
Madden. Cal. The duel between Brod
erick and Terry took place at 7 o'clock
on the morning of September 13. lS5t>.
on Davis* ranch In San Mateo County,
about two miles southeast of Laks
Merced. Broderick died in San Fran
cisco seventy-two hours after belns
shot.
ANSWERS.
HP* HE Sunday Call Magazine to-morrow will make its appear
j ance in an artistic front page, "The Old Oak," a pencil drawing
- * by Eloise Roorbach, portraying a bit of lowland picturesque
ness familiar to residents of all of those 'bay shore counties where
the white oak is found, rearing its venerable, gaunt ruggedness
boldly against the sky. In fiction and- in features of timelv
interest the edition will be unusually strong. The serial "Anna the
Adventurers" runs through its third installment. This novel will
be completed October 2, and October 9 will begin "The
Grafter?," a political story by Francis Lynde, which has already
been extensively commented upon by Eastern reviewers. It is a
book with plenty of vim and vigor and throws many an interesting
sidelight upon the political game.
"A Vital Point of Education" affords Marie Corelli scope for
one of her keen and caustic pages of comment on one of the
biggest questions of the day, the general tendency to "skim" in
reading. Edward \Y. Townsend takes his country hero through
the" first (and last) steps of a political campaign and leaves him
as usual richer in experience than in pocket. Ray Stannard Baker,
whose name is familiar to all readers of McClure's, contributes a
virile tale of those who work in the depths of mines,, in "At the
Tunnel's End"; G. B. Burgin has "A Batch of Love Letters";
there are three short stories, "Breaking the Record" by Jeanne'
Caldwell, "The Tempting of Adam" by Keith Gordon, "Without
Antecedents" by Otho B. Senga; a fable, "Good Xames Made to
Order"; a page of "Meows" by Kate Thyson Marr, and briefer
articles.
In the women's department there 13 a page by Augusta Pres
cott on the very "latest fall hats, and a page of simple physical
culture exercises by Professor George S. Miehling. For the* chil
dren there is a page of music, printed in colors, and the ever
popular puzzle page. ' r 'T
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
The Boudoir publishes a list of fa
vorite pets kept by leading ladles in
society. It Is characteristic of th«*
present age that not one of these la
dies mentions her husband. — Londoa
Punch.
A woman alleged at the "West Lon
don Police Court that throwing an
apple is the coster's method of greet
ing a friend. There is certainly an ex
pression, the apple of one's eye.
One man told Hans to remember the
phrase "Forest and bridge are occu
pied by the enemy," and next day Hans ;
took his alphabet and spelled out the '
sentence correctly. Another man pro- i
duced his watch; showed It to Hans,
and asked: "What time is it?" And
Hans moved his hoof eleven times—
and so it was. Twenty minutes later j
the watch was shown to him again and-i
now he stamped first eleven and, after
a short pause, twenty times more. He
then answered correctly the following
questions, the watch not being pro
duced this time: "Between what fig
ures dcrs the small hand stand at
7:40?"— "Between 7 and 8," hoofed
Hans. Similar questions, with varied
hours, were answered Just as correctly
Other questions and experiments in-
I dicated that Hana has a distinct sense
! of colors, of music, even of coins and
! playing cards, and that he recognizes
persons from their photographs.
"I see that Marie Corelll haa Just
passed her fortieth birt: .»•
"Does she admit it?".
•1 always thought there was some
thing queer about that woman."-—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
But Hans can do even better. He
can read. You put' down your ques
tion in writingyand Hans will answer
it just as-correctly after having thrown
a knowing look at the paper. You press
the bntton of your automatic pencil
and Hans does the rest. Again from
his look and from his quickness in an
swering questions it is easily to be
seen that the rows of letters produce
in his brain (or whatever yon may call
his thinking apparatus) the same men
tal functions as in the brain of a bright
boy of twelve or thirteen. The identi
cal conclusion must be received from
the fact that Hans is capable of spell
ing—after a system Invented by Herr
von Osten— the words written down for
that purpose. You put down a word
on a slip of paper, let Hans take a
good look at It and Hans will resort to
a frame covered with movable letters
which is placed in the courtyard, and
pick out the proper letters.
READING AND SPELLING.
times 15 plus 5?" "How much is 3S*£
plus 13%?" (The fractions are indi
cated by Hans in two parts; first, he
"hoofs" the denominator, then the
numerator.) "How much is I.alf
of 26?" "The third part of 24?" "The
fifth part of 45?" "How much is 2, 3, 5.
6, raised to the square?" "Through
how many numbers can 24, 33, 36, etc.,
be divided?" "Give us the third, fourth,
fifth, etc., of those numbers."
One of the onlookers asked Hans: "I
have eight plums in a bag. Two chil
dren come along and I make them a
present of these plums, even shares.
How much did each of them get?"
"Look here, Hans, I have a certain
number in my mind: I deduct from it
nine and I retain three. Which was
my number?" And Hans answers all
and every question in his self-reliant
way, as if it were the most natural
thing for a horse to take a lesson in
higher arithmetic every morning to
gether with his breakfast hay.
"Der Kluce Hans" (Smart : Johnny )
HANS' MASTER.
Serious and close observers of -na
ture .have described acts of _ punish
ment* dealt out by animals to ,each
other. The cat will box her kittens
when they play too long with her tail,
and the mother hen will separate her
chickens when the"y get Into a. fight,
and sometimes peck one or both of
them on the head, as much as to say,
"There, don't you do that 'again." This
is only a small selection from hun
dreds of well I authenticated "cases
tending to prove that some animals
are endowed with some degree of in
telligent thinking. But the moat forc
ible proof of this much' discussed the
ory is being furnished just now In one
of the northern districts of Berlin,
where the much talked; of "thinking
horse" is performing marvelous feats
of intelligence in the ' presence of
thousands of spectators. "
It is not a little curious that mod
ern science is doing much to upset
this view of the animal world so flat
tering to man's self-conceit. Closer
and wiser observation of the habits of
animals is bringing to light here and
there indications of a degree of con
scious intelligence which may well
put to shame the so-called rationality
of many members of our own species.
The doctrines of evolution plainly
suggest that in animals are to be
found the germs of mental qualities
previously supposed to be man's ex
clusive possession. Darwiri has taught
us, for Instance, that certain birds dis
play a considerable amount of taste
and skill in the matter of decorative
coloring and it is a well known fact
that many animals manifest a strik
ing delight in music.
BERLIN. Sept. 2.— There is a
growinc tendency to credit ani
mals of all kinds with moral
and intellectual qualities like those of
human beings. In the infancy of the
race men were accustomed to think
of anim- "-. as almost on a level with
themselves in all kinds of intellectual
and moral capacity. And children re
flect this condition of mind in imag
ing their pet animals to be capable of
understanding all their thoughts and
wishes. The whole class of fables and
children's stories illustrates this naive
condition of the early human fancy.
The uncivilized man and the child
find no difficulty in conceiving their
familiar quadrupeds talking, behaving
and eating in quite human fashion.
As the race grew in intelligence it be
gan to think of the lower creation as
further removed. from itself. Proud
of its attainments, it arrogated to it
self the exclusive possession of re
flection, reason and voluntary choice.
The final expression of this disposi
tion was the philosophic doctrine* of
Descartes that animals are without
souls and consciousness, their seem
ingly intelligent actions being simply
the result of a nicely contrived piece
of bodily mechanism ,of habit and
training.
IXTELLIGUIS'CE IN' AXIMALS.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
His Intellectual Capacity a
Matter ol Astonishment
to Scientists.
A valuable hunter, belonging- to Mr.
Durlacher. got its hind foot securely
fixed in its mouth one day last week
and a veterinary surgeon had to be
summoned to its assistance. This re
calls the ancient Irish legend of the
man who never opened his mouth
without putting his foot in It. But
that, of course, was a bull.
PUNCH PLEASANTRIES.
THE CALL RECEIVES FROM BERLIN AN INTERESTING ACCOUNT
OF THE STARTLING EXPLOITS OF HANS, THE THINKING HORSE
The bellows I neatly mended
With the blower's trouser brace:
I managed well to secure the swell
With a stamp and an old bootlace.
But I'd made my efforts vainly,
I lost my temper then.
And said a word which the parsotl
heard —
It didn't sound like "Amen."
— Liverpool Porcupine.
I sought to discover the meaning
Of a sound so wild and weird;
I crept inside on hands and knees.
And found Just what I feared.
The "flute" and the "vox humana"
Were mute and declined to sing;
The reeds, alack! showed many a crac*.
And I tied them up with a string.
Seated one day at the organ.
I was anxious and ill at ease.
For I found upon inspection
There were several missing keys.
I knew not what I was playing.
(Though, 'twas hymn two hundred and
ten).
But it made a row like a. starving cow
"When it came to the grand "Amen!"
THE LOST CHORD.
Reads, Writes and Counts
and Tells Time When
Shown Watch.
FOR a long time California has been inattentive to forestry
legislation and administration. This condition is all the more
remarkable because this State has some of the finest and most
valuable forests in the world. Owners of these timber lands have
been impressed with the necessity for their preservation and
permanence, while the State has made no sign in that direction.
The owners of great redwood forests in Humboldt County at
their own expense procured the service of foresters, through Mr.
Gifford Pinchot, to arrange cutting plans and the timber harvest,
so as to preserve the growing trees and make the forest a perma
nent producer. The Diamond Match Company has done the same
on its timber land in the Sierras, and other owners have made a
forest law unto themselves. These favored tracts, under such
appreciative ownership, are far apart and few. The most of the
forest is left without either private or public protection. . Its
destruction by fire progresses rapidly in every dry season and the
mountains are losing their covering and their capacity as con
servators of moisture.
It is time that the State do something. It owns in the Red
wood Park in the Big Basin the finest public forest in the world.
That park is surrounded by forest over which the State has no
ownership control. It is subject to conflagration and within the
last month part of it has been swept clean by fire that entered
the State park and came near destroying it. The only control of
the surrounding forests and of all the private timber lands that
ihe State can assert must be by statutes, under its right of police
regulation. Various forestry clubs and other organizations have
vainly urged such legislation for many years. The usual answer
of the average legislator is, "Draw up a bill. I don't know anything
about it." As there has been no concert of action the matter has
been passed over and the fires have been licensed to destroy that
which is necessary to the whole life of the State.
The Federal Government is a large forest owner in California,
in the various national parks and forest reserves. It can regulate
forest administration within its own holdings, but has no jurisdic
tion outside. That belongs to the State. As the State does noth
ing and the control of the Federal forests is in the hands of the
army, and very deficient and ineffective, our forests may be said
to be all outlawed, except in those portions under intelligent and
far-seeing private control. The Federal Bureau of Forestry, 'which
is part of the Agricultural Department, ought to have control of
all the Federal forests. It is doing now and has* been doing in
the past all that can be done for the advancement of intelligent,
conservative and scientific forestry, but it is an alien in the juris
diction of the Interior and War departments and of the State.
Three members of the bureau — Messrs. Sterling, Hodge and
Sherrard — have been in the State some time, called here by Gov
ernor Pardee to examine the Yosemite Valley and the Redwood
Park and other forests, in order that they may advise the State
what to do to arrest the destruction of the timber-covered lands.
They recommend that the underscrub in Yosemite Valley be cleared
away, as an improvement in the appearance of the valley and a
safeguard against fire. Upon the general subject they are preparing
a code of forest laws for submission to the next Legislature. This
is very important work. The forestry clubs should undertake to
urge upon the Legislature the adoption of this code. It fills the
want that heretofore has seemed to excuse the indifference of the
State. If the Legislature will pass wise laws and if Congress will
turn all the Federal forests over to the Forestry Bureau, where they
belong, we will have the effective concurrence of two civil juris
dictions for the benefit of the forests. At present the Federal
forests are under military jurisdiction, which is not easily con
tinent with civil jurisdiction, as any one may learn by reading the
reports of the military superintendents.
On the 30th of this month the State Sempervirens Club holds
a great meeting in San Jose. This is one of the largest forest
clubs in California. It was greatly instrumental in securing the
purchase of the Redwood Park. The object of its meeting is to
promote the construction of a good State road into that park, from
the summit of Castle Rock ridge, above Saratoga, from which
point to the park would be a four hours' drive. This is a worthy
project and deserves promotion. The interest in it will call out
a large meeting. We suggest that when gathered there the club
also give attention to State forestry laws as a means of preserving
the Redwood Park and all other forests from destruction. Roads
to the primeval forest are very necessary and desirable, but they
will be of little use if fire destroy the object for which they are
built.
FORESTRY LAWS.
"Ever since the girls have known of
my engagement, 1 * Ethel confided to a
friend, "they have been prophesying
that I won't know how to keep house
on Frank's small salary, because I
have never had to practice economy at
home. I am going to show them that I
can learn to practice it,!' and she tilted
her pretty chin in the air
"I Intend to ask them to dine with
me before I am married, and I will
cook the dinner for them myself. From
a number of menus which I have found
in the new magazine. Economy a Fine
Art. I will choose one. 'A course dinner
for six persons costing only one dollar.*
It Includes everything from soup to
dessert and eoffee— that Is. the editor
of the magazine says it need cost no
more if the Instructions for marketing
are carefully followed."
"I am just dying to come to that din
ner," laughed the friend. "Do have it
soon and invite me."
Put upon her mettle, the bride-to-be
sent out five invitations for the dinner.
which were promptly accepted. The day
arrived and with it all the guests but
one. The dinner was on time; so were
the diners. A chorus of voices es
pressed regret at the unavoidable ab
sence of one of the number. The ex
periment required the presence of six
at table, so the hostess placed her
young brother in the vacant chair.
At the conclusion of the repast Ethel,
excited and triumphant at the praise
showered upon her by her admiring
friends, bade au revoir to her smiling
guests at they took their departure,
with satisfaction at the result of her
effort. Stifled sobs from the region or
the dining-room drew her attention
Entering she saw the figure of ths
small boy who had taken the place of
the absent guest at the dinner table
lying face downward upon the floor.
"Harry!" she cried in alarm, "what Is
the. matter* with you?"
"Oh," was the wailing response, "I
am so hungry!"
HARRY'S COMPLAINT.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
•OHX D. SPKECKELS Proprietor
AH DRESS ALL COM1IUNICATI6KS TO =.>^V
ZQTB& McXAUGHT Manager
T'LBLJCATION OrFTCE THIRD AXD MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 24. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
PARKER VISITS HEADQUARTERS.
8
COPYRIGHT. 1004, BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.PLUMBING MAKES HER SICK.— Angelina
Gill«ple and her husband yesterday sued
Anna A. O'Connell and her husband tor $10,075
damages, alleging that Mrs. Gillecple was
made ill by the defective plumbing In the
hous« at 430 Ellis street, which the Gll
ift-pW-a l«*MMi from the O'Connells in 1S93.
The plaintiff* declare that demands to have the
sluxnbtnz and drainage fixed were Ignored.
Devout llxereisrs. Addresses and Ordi
nation of Kkler Mark First
Day's Work.
The annual assembly of God's Chris
tian church was called to order yester-
I day morning at D01 Bush street, and
the deliberations will continue to-day
and to-morrow.
The Rev. J. W. Hill presided, and an
address of welcome was delivered by the
Rev. William R. Rowland. Dr. J. M.
Odler responded. The Rev. L. M. Gellett
was the preacher of the morning.
Mrs. H. P. Williams of Cincinnati,
Ohio, led the devotional exercises at the
afternoon session, and addresses were
' delivered by the Rev. J. W. Hill and
1 Dr. L. T. Burbank. In spite of the
downpour of rain the elders held a
street meeting, led by the Rev. Mr.
Rowland, at the corner of Bush street
and Grant avenue, after which the
meeting reconvened In the hall at 501
Bush street. H. C. Freeman was or
dained an elder and the Rev. H. P.
Williams preached, his subject being
"Other Sheep Have I Which Are Not
of This Fold."
GOD'S CHRISTIAN CHURCH
MiaiBERS IN SESSION
A large party composed of members
of the Family Club went to Shasta
Springs last night to spend Saturday
and Sunday as the guests of Adam An-"
drew.
Family Club Outm«?.
"Have something" is Rood, have a little "Old
Gilt Edge Whiskey" in better— puts the "right
edge" on your hospitality. Wlchman, Lutiren
&¦ Co.. 29-31 Battery st.. S. F. •
Rev. P. .C. Yorke will deliver a lecture
on Friday evening, September 30, at the
Alhambra Theater on the Russo-Japa
nese question. The title of the lecture
is "Russia or Japan— Which?" The sub
ject is of great interest and a large
number is anxious to hear a full pre
sentation of the case. A grand pro
gramme by professional talent will pre
cede the lecture. Tickets are on sale at
room 87, Flood building.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
The San Francjsco News Letter, through iU
able editorial ' management. ha» caused the
business men of 8an Francisco to form whal
might be called "The Vigilance Committee," to
force city officials to carry. out its laws. The
ballot stuffing accomplished by the city officials
i«i shown In a startling article entitled "Damned
Scoundrel. Who?" This Is good work and
1, appreciated by the business community.
The Japanese school boy has also been
placed where he belongs through the influ
ence of the News Letter, In calling the atten
tion of the Board of Education to the existing
conditions of our public schools.
Business men are warm against the conduct
of secretaries.
Commissioner Drinkandclgarhouse Is taken to
task ovsr the evil of Insurance, cigars and
grafting women.
The departments are very bright this week
end the Oakland Knocker Club is given a llttTe
advlc^t , •
Vigilance Committee the Order of the
Day.
Eastern ritiPs. he added, for the
most part are situated upon flat or
gently undulating ground, whereas
the water supply of San Francisco
nmst be forced up hill to a height of
.",00 feet to reach the buildings on the
hills. To do this it was necessary that
the highest reservoir in the city
should be at least COO feet above tide
elevation.
«iiUK»» of climatic and other conditions.
Labor, fuel and materials, he declared,
nr> cheaper in the East. The large
< ities there are situated on or near
natural .reservoirs, such as lakes and
riv«»n<. whosp supply is replenished
during the summer season by frequent
roir.F. It is not necessary there, is it
b hr-re, to store a water supply for
two or three years In advance to pro
vide for one or more successive dry
He s;nd that the cost of furnishing
vater to the people of San Francisco
was much greater necessarily than
that for furnishing Eastern cities, be-
Chiff Kngineer Schussler of the
Spring Valley Water Works resumed
his discourse yesterday before United
Btmtea Commissioner Heaccok on the
water supply of San Francisco.
Inclnrrr s<-!iuv«1<t Explains Why
Sprins Valley I* Such a
Ooslljr Ifc'verajre.
COMPJUXES MUNICIPAL
WATr.K SUPPLY PLANTS
Dentistry is a modern science, but the
need for it existed thousands of years
ago. cavities having been found In teeth
of the stone age.
Eugene V. Debs speaks to-night. Wood
ward's Pavilion. See theatrical 'column. •
One of the odd characters of the
State of California died last Wednes
day in the San FranciBco City and
County Hospital at the age of SI years.
He was registered at that institution aa
William Wirth, but he was recognized
as L. A. Barnes, who was generally
known in the northern mines in the
early days as "Old Bach." In the cele
bration of Admission day in 1900 in this
city, forty-one years after his arrival
in this State, he was one of the attrac
tive features of the procession of Na
tive Sons, being attired just as he was
when he reached Sacramento May 2,
1850, after having crossed the plains
from Chicago afoot. On his back he
carried his cooking utensils and such
implements as were necessary when he
should reach the Golden State. "Old
Bach" did not remain long In Sacra
mento, but, in the language of the early
Californians, he "put out for rich dig
gings." He was of a roaming disposi
tion, 'so did not remain long In any one
place to seek for. gold, but struck a
pocket here and there, then moved to
other diggings, and he worked the
ground in almost every mining camp
in Northern and Middle California.
In a burst of confidence "Old Bach"
once told some companions who jok
ingly asked why he did not marry that
he intended to when he got to be old
enough, he being at that time more
than 60 years of age. . From remarks he
then made it was discovered that he
had become a confirmed bachelor be
cause of a love that was lost in his na
tive State, New York. This much he
told, but never more, and nothing could
induce. him to tell the romance of his
early life. For many years, after the
rush from mining^ camp to mining
camp, he settled down in a small cabin
near the natural bridge in the vicinity
of Murphys Camp, Calaveras County,
and there lived the life of a hermit.
There were In this city some who knew
him In the long ago, and not wishing
to see his remains placed in the Pot
ter's field had his body taken to the
undertaking parlors of Valente. Marini
& Co.. and while arrangements were
being made to give him decent sepul
cher it was discovered that he had been
a soldier in one of the United States
wars, and this being brought to the at
tention of those who are interested in
old soldiers of the Union it was decided
to lay his body at final rest In the na
tional cemetery at the Presidio, possi
bly to-morrow. It was announced yes
terday that his remains will be attired
in the kind of clothing he always wore
in the mines — a miner's garb.
Famous Character of Days
of Gold, Dies in City
, Hospital.
L. A. BARNES. FAMILIARLY
KNOWN AS "OLD BACH," WHO
DIED IN THIS CITY.
None of the occupants had left their
r*»nhs« ««xcci>t Morgan, who was at the
breakfast table when the crash came.
I-irpe filate glass mirrors in the cars
were broken an were also several of
ih«« br«»aKfast dishes. Morgan was
nidd^nly thrown forwurd, but was not
j>ii< ht-d from h's M-ut.
private rar, saying that no one was in
jured. With the Archbishop, besides
Mtf. Davidson and Mr. Morgan, were
l.»v. Hyli Holder and Rev. J. Eilison
and attendants. It was rumored that
-t maid was hurt, but her injuries were
i "t Kftoos. Traffic on the road was
»>l<if k«d fur a time.
The special train was one engaged by
Morgan on behaJf of the Archbishop
and was In charge of Conductor John
Fox (.f Worcester, and Engineer John
Lord of that city.
Immediately it was realized that
the life ol the Archbishop and Mrs.
Davidson, as well as of others attend-
i f ;(r them, had been imperiled and first
inquiries were for them. Rev. J. Elli
*on, the Archbishop's secretary, an
swered for those in the Archbishops
EAST BROOKFIELD, Mass., Sept.
23. — A special train conveying the
Archbishop of Canterbury from Bar
Harbor. Me., to .Washington, was
¦wrecked on the Boston and Albany di
vision of the New York Central Rail
road near the station here to-day. The
Archbishop was not injured, although
< shaken up. J. Pierpont
Morgaji of New York, who was also on
the train accompanying the Archbish
o;>. was shaken but not hurt.
The special, running at the rate of
tixty miles an hour, nas passing the
nation when a detached locomotive,
v.-hich had been drawing a train on the
North Brookfielfl branch, ran on to the
main line for some reason at present
unexplained. The engineer of the spe
<-ial sighted the light engine, but owing
to the high speed and slippery rail?,
found it impossible to more than
elightly reduce the speed of his loco
motive. The engineer ol the branch
engine heard the onrush of the special,
but had not time to move out of the
•vay. The Archbishop's train struck
the Xcrth Brookfield engine with a.
lerrific crash and demolished it.
At the conclusion of the evidence
Judge Hunt asked Schilling if he had
anything to say. The lawyer started
to argue that the hearing was only
preliminary on the question of a
change to some other court. Judee
Hunt ruled him out. Then Schilling
said that he had put in a demurrer.
This the court promptly overruled.
Then the Judge asked him if he was
prepared to pay Mrs. Smith $20 out of
the $30 he had received.
"I certainly will not give it to her,"
replied Schilling, hotly. "She gave it
to me for our fees under the contract
and I am going to keep it."
"Don't be hasty," said the court. "I
don't want to be hard on you. I will
give you until next Tuesday to think
it over."
"As far as I am concerned," retorted
the thoroughly angry attorney, "you
can decide it now. I will not change
my mind on Tuesday'."
"Well, since you challenge me for a
decisic-n." said Judge Hunt, "I will or
der that you be suspended from the
practice of your profession until you
pay the woman."
Schilling was silent. After a brief
pause the court said: "I withdraw that
and* advise you to consult with Mr.
Schmitt."
"That's kind of you," remarked Schil
ling, "but I don't think I will."
Then Schmitt made the motion that
deferred the order until Monday.
Schilling testified in his own behalf,
admitting that Smith had paid him $30
on the judgment in the divorce case.
Schilling giving a receipt. He said that
Smith had declared he did not care
whether the money went toward pay
ing the alimony or attorney's fee. Then
Schmitt £/d Schilling agreed that it
would be' well for them to apply $20
toward the expenses they had incurred
in the case and give Mrs. Smith $10.
Mrs. Smith, learning that the $30 had
been paid, called on Schilling and he
toid her what had been done. She de
clined to accept $10 and said if it was
not all paid for alimony the attorneys
could keep it for fees and she would
get the alimony out of the balance' due.
The witness said his client professed
to be satisfied with the arrangement.
Judge Hunt and Coogan tried to
question Schilling as to the expenses
alleged to have been incurred in the
case, but the witness objected to all
the questions of the court ,as "incom
petent." He was advised to answer
and U was learned that he had served
summons himself and others were
served by Mrs. Smith's brother, for
which the latter did not charge. Attor
neys Schmitt and Diviny and Miss
Grace Wright, Schilling's stenographer,
substantially corroborated his story of
the transactions.
Andrew Smith gave his version and
said that Schilling asked him to pay
the money, representing that Mrs.
Smith was "hard up" and starving.
The husband said he had paid it as
alimony and in a hot passage with the
lawyer told Schilling it was a shame
that he should take the money from a
poor woman. "Pay it to her now, If
you've got it," shouted the husband.
Mrs. Smith then took the stand. She
had gone to Schilling's office, she tes
tified, to get the money and he told her
it had been paid, but "he guessed he
had better keep It for fees." She told
the court that she had no money.
JUDGE RULES HLM OUT.
For a half minute yesterday after
noon Attorney Frank Schilling was
suspended from the practice of his pro
fession by the judicial order ut Judge
Hunt. Then the Superior Judge with
drew his ruling and advised Schilling
to f a little deep thought to his pre
dicament and in the meantime to con
sult Attorney M. L. Schmitt, who was
associated with Schilling in the Dina
Smith divorce case, cut of which the
trouble grew. Schilling was not in a
mood fcrr consultation, but Schmitt
made a motion that the Judge with
hold his order until Monday and the
stay was granted.
The hearing involving Schilling's pro
fessional standing occupied two hours
of Judge Hunt's time yesterday and
there were several exciting moments.
Schilling and Schmitt had prosecuted
two unsuccessful divorce suits for Dina
Smith against Andrew Smith, a livery
man. In the last action Judge Hunt
ordered Smith to pay 575 for his wife's
attorney fees and $45 a month main
tenance. Mrs. Smith charged that
Schilling had received $30 from her hus
band on account of alimony due, but
had kept it for counsel fees. On hear
ing this Judge Hunt caused her to
make an affidavit setting forth the al
leged facts. Schilling denied the
charges and asked that the hearing be
had befuTe some other Judge. Judge
Hunt said he would not call in a broth
er Judge to determine whether or not
the lawyer had withheld from the
woman money belonging to her."
When the hearing began, T. M.
Diviny, Schilling's partner, moved a
dismissal of the proceedings, which was
denied. T. C. Coogan conducted the
case against the lawyer.
SCHILLING'S VERSION.
Passengers continually claim that they are
required tr> declare only dutiable goods and that
no requirement 1 of declaration of articles is to
be made where the same does not exceed $100
in value. These ¦ contentions are entirely in
correct. AH foreign purchased or acquired
articles must be set forth specifically. The
matter of exemption and dut lability is one to
be passed upon by the proper customs official.
Where pagaengers declare, as they continu
ally do, that they cannot recall their pur
chases, nor do they know what their trunks
contain, you will refuse to accept declarations
from such. Passengers who are not sufficiently
advised a« to what their trunks contain will
be obliged to go "through, their baggage pre
liminarily to ascertain the requisite facts.
It is my wish that this matter should be,
with extreme courtesy and yet clearly, brought
to the attention of each passenger who makes
a declaration, so that there will be no mis
understanding regardlnsr the subject. In fact,
there ought to be none such, since the circular
issued by the department February 1, 1004,
and In the hands of each passenger, clearly
c«vers the subject.
Returning passengers have only the. advan
tage of this exemption by declaring goads pur
chased or acquired abroad and having the mat
ter of exemption passed upon by the acting
Deputy Collector at the pier. Goods foreign
purchased and not declared, whether within
the exemption allowed by law or. not. are sub
ject to forfeiture and seizure. The
at Washington can alone afford relief in such
cases. Further, examination cannot be made
of passenger's effects until the declaration has
been completed. When finally executed, it
cannot thereafter be changed, nor additions
made to the list of dutiable articles.
Customs Collector Stratton has Is
sued strict instructions with^ reference
to the taking of declarations of pas
sengers as to their baggage. Passen
gers who fail to acquaint themselves
with the contents of their baggage and
the prices paid for such articles as may
be purchased abroad will be in danger
of losing such articles in addition to
being fined three times the value of
the goods. The instructions follow:
Instructions from the Secretary of the Treas
ury, dated August 4, 1004, roilowlng the de
cision of Judge de Haven In the case of the
United States vs. W. H. Harts, arain direct
that all foreign purchased or acquired articles
must be declared by returning passengers In
their baggage declarations In order to entitle
them to the $100 exemption, or any part
thereof. ,
In addition to the funerals that are
announced ! for "Sunday, there will be
memorial services in the three churches
of the village.
Reports- about the floors of the out
house having given way last year are
denied by" the School Trustees. They
'say the floors were repaired during the
summer vacation and nothing wrong
was noticed with the girders.. Janitor
Smith, however, asserts that he had
told members of the board that the
place was not safe.
Coroner Weaver had the wrecked
girders preserved. It is said that the
timbers were found to be rotten and
that one of them was spliced. The
girders will be brought to Cincinnati
to-morrow for examination at the in
quest.
Joseph Steinkamp, when his daughter
was not among those brought out alive,
entered the vault and carried out sev
eral bodies, nnioqg them that of his
daughter. Then he collapsed. At the
same time there were other parents in
the waiting crowd that fainted when it
was announced that all of the living
had" been rescued and their children
were still missing.
The frame shed over the sewer was
about twenty feet square, without win
dows, and had only one narrow door
way, so that only one girl escaped fall
ing. She ran into the school building
and told the teachers what had oc
curred. Principal Zimmerman j and
seven female teachers ran to the res
cue. Principal Zimmerman secured a
ladder, on which the girls climbed out,
most of them fainting as soon as they
reached the surface, overcome by
fright and sewer gas.
The teachers were soon reinforced by
the entire population of the suburb,
the police and fire departments ren
dering effective service. •
Principal Zimmerman finally fainted.
Then others lifted out dead bodies until
the deathpool cleared. Those res
cued alive presented such an appear
ance as to make many in the crowd of
spectators faint.
James Smith, aged 14, a pupil,
climbed to the roof of the schoolhouse
and got the flag, which was made Into
a rope that rescued several.
FATHER LEAPS INTO VAULT.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 23. — At
least nine schoolgirls were, suffocated
in a vault to-day during the afternoon
recess at Pleasant Ridge public school
house, and a score of others narrowly
escaped the same horrible death. The
dead: . .
LORETTA FINKE, Cincinnati.
EMMA STEINKAMP.
AMELIA HESE.
MARTHA BUHR.
EDNA THEE.
LILLIAN WITHAM.
HAZEL GLOVER.
FAUSTA CARD.
All of the victims were from primary
grades.
On opposite sides of the spacious
grounds in the rear of the suburban
school building are two outhouses. At
recess about thirty young girls were in
the outhouse assigned to them when
the floor gave way, precipitating them
into the stone walled cesspool, twelve
feet deep and containing four feet, of
sewage. The frantic struggles of those
who were on top kept at lea*t nine
underneath until they were dead.
ONIiY OXE ESCAPES PALL.
Judge Hunt Makes an Order
Against Accused Attor
ney, Then Withdraws It|
Must Acquaint Themselves
With Contents of Trunks
or Pay Treble Penalties
One Survivor Summons Aid
and the Living Are Res
cued With Difficulty
IGNORANCE NO EXCUSE
On Way From Bar Harbor
to Washington Primate of
English Church and Party
Have Thrilling Experience
GOING MILE A MINUTE
WHEN (RASH- COMES
. —
His Grace of Canterbury and
J. Pierpont Morgan Badly
Shaken When Financier's
Flying Special Is Wrecked
COOT HEARS CHARGES
NINE ABE SUFFOCATED
Schilling Must Pay Money
or Be Suspended From
Practice of Professiou
Passengers Must Declare
All Foreign Bought Goods
Contained in the Baggage
Floor Over Vault Gives
Way and Thirty Girls
Plunge Into a Cesspool
ARCHBISHOP
IN A TRAIN
COLLISION
HAS LAWYER
ON THE RACK
CHILDREN MEET
HORRIBLE DEATH
STRATTON GIVES
AFAIR WARNING
"OLD BACH,"
HERMIT MINER,
IS NO MORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER .24, .190*.
9
KjEGAL SHOES. __ _ _^^ ,\.-^n_^ .-...- .-._ ._ .,_ -_
PALL IWLSi
'"pHEY arc now ready— 75
new, models. In Style, Fit,
Finish, Material, they are sans
reproche — admittedly the fin-
est example of American shoe-
! making. Your early inspection
I is solicited. -Always $3.50.
.•¦•¦¦¦ ~~- " ¦ ¦ ¦¦. . ¦ . ¦ ¦ . - • « ¦,
80 REGAL STORES
meits stobxs; _. __ ¦ . • ¦ ¦ Wo«unrs stoke
Cor. deary aad Stockton Sts. . **» rKAHLIobU Cox. Geary wad Stockton , Sts.
Oakland Store, 1010 Broadway .
POSTCM CERKAL.
LIKE A FLASH
Came a liard Knock From Coffee.
It's a Pimple matter to satisfy sen-
Fible, thinking people by a ten days'
trial of Postum in place of coffee, for
if ft is coffee causes the Illness, an
almost immediate cl?ange takes place.
The old coffee ails, sluggishness, in-
somnia, lack of energy, stomach
troubles, sallow ekin, headaches and
all the ethers, whatsoever form the
nerves decide upon when they are
thrown out of balance by coffee, be-
gin to leave and it's only a question of
¦ short time when Postum will end
them all and bring back health.
"I had drunk coffee every morning
:r. and out of season until two years
ago. when all of a oudden my stomach
r^bfllfd and shortly thereafter I be-
came a nervous wreck, couldn't eat a
b:te without intense suffering. I lost
m<>st all my flesh and was practically
Ktarving, because I couldn't get any
pood out of what little food I did eat
"One morning when In this wretch*
'"dly run down condition I read a
magazine article about Postum Food
Coffee and the case seemed so much
like mine I sent out and got a pack-
Age. At that time almost nothing
would stay on my stomach, but the
Jirst cur» of Postum wife made for me
s.-»med to warm and nourish me clear
to my finger tips and this delighted
rJow of well-fed feeling continued.
For the firtt five or six days the Pos-
tum was all I could keep on my
Mnmaoh or even take at all without
trreat pufOring. but I got better so '
fart 1 added other foods gradually and
k'pt paining strength and flesh until
DOW I can rat a hearty meal and really
enjoy life once more. I know ft was
Poptum that saved me from .starving
to d°ath when my stomach had been ;
ruined by coffee.
"I know lots of folks don't make
Postum right, but It takes only fifteen
minutes' boiling to make It perfect ac-
cording to the directions. Then It's
hotter than the best coffee." Name
priven by Postum Co.. Battle Creek,
Mich.
Ten days' trial of Postum proves
vtiether or not its the coffee hurts
you.
Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," In each pkg. '
INGLESIDE
COURSIN^ PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Orarttn* win beg In at 11 o'clock s&srp iM
eoatbra* until ta* last wtanlas fli< com ns»
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
An Mission st. ear* traasftr to Guerr*r»
cars, which go direct to ths part
JOHN GRACE. Judre-
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
|i Matinee To-Day— Last Night ){;
!j PRINCESS I
FAN TAN |
i|i To-Morrow Matinee !(j
» Opening of Combination Season %
YORK STATE FOLKS !|
<| Seats Now on Sale. g
VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES
T. Trovollo; Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Truesdell; Marvelous Melross Troupe;
Laws on and Ramon, and Orp&eraxn Mo-
tion Pictures. Showing" "Personal.'* tie
Great Comedy Success, last Times of
lime. Snider-Johnson; The Harry Xi»
Boid Company; Rooney and Bent; I»eo.
CarrUlo and Al Shean.
Regular Matinee* Ev^ry Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10.-. 25c and 80c.
— CALIFORNIA—^
PAEEWELL TO-3TIOHT.
FAREWELL MATINEE TO-DAT.
MR. FREDERIC PELASCO Presents
the Pooular Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In H^r Great Mastetnlecr,
"TESSCFTHE D'UBBcRVlLLES" |
TO-MORROW NIOHT . |
BALTK STT7AST |
BT RIGHT OP SWOBO *
With His Original New York Com- j
pany and Production Direct Prom th* I
American Theater.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
Z.A5T TIMS TO-OTOKT
23c and 50c— MATINEE TO-DAT— 23c and 60c.
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers
| THE ALTAR OF |
rFRIENDSHIPi
To-Morrow Nlifht. first tlm« here.
CAPTATCT BAKBXVCfTOXr
PDTfpC Night 25c. ZSc. 50c
I JMVLJ a few front rows T5«
Regular Matlne- 25c and 50c.
DAISY HARCOUR?
Aad a Splendid Shaw Every Afternoon
aad Evening ia toe Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MTOTATTTBS fiXSCTBZC BATTiMID.
THREE BABT LJON3 IN THB ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
PBI8MATX0 SXSCTBXO TOVSTAXX
BZSPXAT TO-2TIGHT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5e
When Phonhir Ask for "The ChuUs."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
3IATT2fEE TO-DAT—
At 2:30— GRAND OPERATIC CONCERT.
The Great Frlma Donna Soprano.
!£&» FRANCISCA
Magnificent Programme.
Seats 75c to f2— At Sherman, Clay ft Co.'*.
BASEBALL,
Oakland vs. Los Angeles.
AT RECREATION PARK.
I Eighth and Harrtacn Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY....
SA*TURDAY*V.V.'.'.V.*.'.*."*V.V.*'*.V.S:00 P. m!
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sals of seata at 5 Stockton tt.
m3&S8s^s» mm A ftsssHV 9 W ™ ¦!¦ -^^Bm
hh* MANUFACTURER'S SAMPLES -
g Velvet and 1
H Axminster Carpets !
HI In Oriental, Floral and Persian designs. 0
*^ Choice colorings. In lengths ranging up to »»
g|| a yard and a quarter each. Will £Q g |iy
iP make beautiful rugs. Special to- / fj j5ej
I^A night, only, each * *^ Kl
AMPSEaiEyrs.
Will L. Greenbaum's
ATTRACTIONS. [
JOSEF HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST
Tues. and Thurs. Nlehts. Oct. 4-6
Saturday Aft.. Oct. 8. at 2:30
ALHAMBRA THEATER.'
Season Tickets $5'. 13.50. $2.50. $1.75
Ready Next Monday.
Single Concerts $2. $1.SO. $1. 75c.
READY NEXT THURSDAY.
THE BEN GREET COMPANY
In the Original Production of the Morality
* > Pity
"EVERYMAN."
Com. Mon. Night. Oct. 3— Mats. Wed A Sat
LYRIC HALL.
Reserved Seats $1.50.' $1 and 75c
Ready Monday Next.
Box Office Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, where
complete programs of both may be obtained
COLUMBIA STS
MATINEE TO-DAY
To-night. Sunday Night
AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
Hamlin and Mitchell's Extravaganza.
Last Time — Sunday. October 2.
OCTOBER 3 — FRANK DANIELS
Sousa Is coming to the. ALHAMBRA.
§fEB\|lf|||HOIJS[
MA TiNEE TO-DA Y
ANOTHER EBILLMT SUCCESS
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Herbert &. Smith's Delightful Comic Opera
a5*Sk ' BSD
Same Prices, 25c, 50c, 75c t>
ALCAZAR "—T
r .., r _,. y-~-, Ker _
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY f^JHT.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & EaL. 25c to .* !e
WHITE | AND THE ALCAZAR CO. j
1A/HITTLESEY
In the Great Romantic Drama.
MonbarS
"Mr. Whlttlesey at his best." — Chronicle.
"A Pronounced Success." — Call.
"The Production Excellent." — Examiner.
MONDAY. SEPT. 2tf— MR. WHITTLES BY In
"SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE."
Market Street. Near Eighth. .Phone South 533
TO-NIOHT — Last 2 Nlsrhts.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
First Time In San Francisco of
Theodore Kremer's Powerful Sensational
¦> Drama,
FALLEN BY
THE WAYSIDE!
Depicting the Terrible Evils of Drink.
A Mammoth Scenic Production.
DDIfTC Evenings 10c to 50e
JrKlVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
MONDAY HIOHT — THB PAJTITES.
AND AGAIN A HIT.
Instantaneous Success of
MISS MAZUMA
J. C. Crawford's Strictly Original Burlesqu*.
A Ludicrously Funny Play With * Plot.
SPARKLING MUSIC.
Captivating Dances.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
Our Unrivaled Cast of Highest Salaried Bur-
lesque Artists.
MATINEES SATURDAYS AND SUNDATB.
Ever Popular Prices.
NEXT BUItLiuSQUE— "DOWN THB UNE."
- By Howard Jacot.
WOODWARD'S PAVIUON
Fourteenth and V encia.
TONIGHT AT 8.
Eugene V. Debs
Candidate for Prtsident on the Socialist
Ticket.
\ DOORS OPEN AT 6. -
Tickets 10c; Reserved 25c.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
ADVEKT1SEBLEXTS.
THE LONDON (
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
throughbut the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete commercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPORT MERCHANTS
1 with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
j they sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc., in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United Kingdom.
A copy of the 1905 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postoffice Order for $5.
ThcLondonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchvrch Lane, London, E C.
England.
PfllarA D °N' T TAIL TO
r dldCC iee bcautifu j
j COURT Lounging
7i nfl room . the EMPIRE
UUM parlor, the
r nH i PALM ROOM, th«
Unifm louis xv par.
uiuiiu LOR^ and Ae LA
If sv^ir. DIES * WRITING
jii|vEYery Woman
/Jw&S i\\nv .\\V\ ** Interested and should know
jtfflPau\ V*»iMm * bout the wonderful
KklSfefflS MARVEL Whirling Spray
t\vtf»8'^r?CVWi' nie "*w T ** 1 " 1 »Jrl.«.. Injn-
vV^VvC^bW'JsSvsw ttonar.d auction. f>e»t— Saf-
>\y.>^sypsaSJgy>^ mi-Mmi ConTenlenL
l(^*<W^^5g It CI.MH-! iU»l»nll7.
isk jtmr tragfht IW» M, >k MB ..r^""!?**-'**
If he p»rmot mrply the V'«. tssSsf^7rrjS7»frjr
MAnVKI.. accept no Nf^C'^ffcL*-*— -
other, but »end tump for «SU r^$'/A\j
UlnxtraMd book-f»ifM. Itfires \b. I 'iiM
fall particulars »nd direction* In- JaCitM M
T*lu«blft6 ladles. W A RVKl.CO.,^jy/ ;>-.., , m
«I rtrkRoir, Xewltrk. ¦
152 New Montgomery. San Francisco. CaL "-'
William Hattoroth (Ladles 1 Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drur Co., 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oscood Brothers... 7th and Broad war. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy. U» EUls
yjjtfm&i&tA MENANDWDMEft.
tOfisOTJirBX&^Bbl Dm Big O for unnatural
£&£qj !¦ 1 to * fanXa dUeharfat, Inflammations.
KtBSff Gsaraaued V irritations or uleeratioat
|fif s*i w Mriiwre. "" of mooon» membranes.
¦F— < rrmata CnucUa. Pain'.SM, and lot titrlB-
KSimETMiCHEMICtlCB. f »at or yoiionoui.
IjSA eiMlltlUTI.I.B'SH ••!* b7 Dranrlsla,
O.«-A. 33a •«¦ "at <n Pl»'n vrtirp*?,
JNESBbW^ by •zpreis, prepaid, for
p fil »i -co. or • bittlos VX.iV
•" circular stct on nanest
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
' rSESH AND BAZ.T KEATS. :
I iC RAYFC £ TO B ol PPin»* Butchers, les
JAj. PUICJ tt VU. Clay. T<1. Mala 129 1.
ores.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A E1AJ3.
418 Front st.. 8. F. Phoaa Mala 1719.
V&UHT12TQ.
E.C.ttUGBE& .usSK,.I FAMOUS MARKSMEN AS THEY APPEARED WHEN* THET WON THE CENTEN
NIAL TROPHY IN 1876. THE HIGHLY PRIZED CUP AND ADOLPH STRECK
ER. THE PRESENT KING OF THE CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN CLUB.
Grand Jury to Examine Rosters.
A committee of the Grand Jury,
consisting of William Broderick.
Charles W. Welsh and J. C. Nealon.
was at work with Deputy Registrar
Zemansky going over rosters of' the
recent primary election in search lor
evidence of fraud. All the rosters will
be examined by various committees of
the grand jurors and a report made
at the next, meeting, of the body. It
is expected to learn how extensively
illeral voting was engaged in.
Lena Walton, "the Hetty Green 'of
Cape Nome," whf- was arrested here
a few weeks ago, on a charge of ob
taining money urtfer false pretenses,
preferred by MaH Gutter, yesterday
filed an answer t*> Gutter's civil suit
to recover J 6000. V She denies that at
her request Gutter; advanced her large
sums of money aggregating $6000 or
any other sum.' Wai. J. ¦ Tuska is her
attorney. The criminal pase. against
Miss Walton was continued until No
vember and she went on- her way 'to
the national capital, where, as she an
nounced.". It ¦ was ¦• her intention . to ex
pose certain alleged official misdoings'
in the far north.
Lena Walton ' Answers Gutter.
Cannot "Fertilize'* Contest.
Judge Coffey yesterday sustained
the demurrer to the complaint in the
contest against the will of Jeanette
Crabbe and grave Attorney Eastin ten
days in which to amend. Mrs. Crabbe
had lived for forty years as a servant
in the family of Charley Harley. Har
]ey died five years before Mrs.
Crabbe's will was made, but the con
testants allege that under the Influ
ence which he started Mrs. Crabbe
left all her estate to the Harleys ex
cepting $200. The defense demurred
to th* charge that a man^who had
been dead five years had Influenced the
making of n will, and Judge Coffey
Mid: "A man dead five years is good
for nothing but fertilizing, and you
cannot use him to fertilize a will con
test." <r. ¦ «
GAELIC FOOTBALLERS
ON" PRESIDIO GROUNDS
Emeralds to Play a Challenge Match
Against a Combined Thistle and
Independent Team.
At the Presidio athletic grounds to
morrow a combined team of Thistle
and Independent footballers will play
a challenge match, under Gaelic rules,
against the Emerald team of the Cali
fornia Gaelic Athletic Association.
Both teams have been training hard
and promise to give a good account of
themselves.
The Thistles and Independents were
the strongest association football play
ers in California last season, the
Thistles winning the championship of
the league and the Independents cap
turing the Union cup. The Emerald
players are fast and an Interesting
struggle is expected. The ball will be
kicked off at 2:30 p. m. The Emerald
team will be made up of McMahon
(captain). Finn. Barry, Ryan, Sul
livan, Allen, McGuire, Foley. Rior
dah, O'Connor, Shaughnessy, O'Brien,
O'Rourke, Lyons, Devine, Cudahy and
Flynn.
The Independent-Thistle team will
consist of T. Fay (captain). Forbes,
Armstrong, T. Disher, A. Disher, R.
Taylor, *Duncanson. McGran, P. Fay,
EL Fay. McGregor, T. Lydon. J. Smith.
Balmain, Jones, Lloyd, J. Taylor and
Hunter.
The last championship tennis tour
nament of the year will be played to
morrow on the Golden Gate Park
courts. It will be the first champion
ship event ever played on the publio
courts and should be productive of
some clever tennis. It is to be an an
nual event for Ihe singles champion
ship of the bay counties. The tourna
ment will be open and it Is expected
pearly all of the cracks from both sides
of the bay will compete. Reuben H,
Lloyd has offered a handsome silver
loving cup, which must be won three
times. Owing to the unusually largo
entry it will take at least three Sun
days to determine who is to bo tno
first champion.
Champion MacGavin has entered th«
competition, but will b« out of town
and unable to play. This will be a dis
appointment to many, as he is playing
great tennis. Perc;* Murdock, the Ala
meda crack, will not compete, as ha
has announced his intention of retir
ing from tournament play. With these
two out of it the championship will in
all probability go to one of the follow
ing players: Will Allen, George Baker.
Clarence Griffln or R. N. Whitney.
Baker and Allen are the doubles cham
pions of the Coast and they are prob
ably the best players entered. Whitney
has taken a new lease of life and
stands a chance to win if he can last.
Young Griffin is improving rapidly and
may surprise the experts.
Herbert Long is another youngster
who is coming to the front rapidly and
will cut some figure In the tournament.
He does not play as well In tourna
ments as In practice, but he will prove
a Vhard man to beat.
The annual election of officers of ths
California Tennis Club will be held
next Saturday. The directors will meet
on Monday night to elect a nominat
ing committee. It Is not expected there
will be many changes. The officers now
serving will probably be re-elected. The
following ofllcers have served for the
past year: W. S. MacGavin. president
and treasurer; W. B. Collier, vice pres
ident: Grant M. Smith, secretary;
Frank S. Mitchell, Harry H. Haight.
Dr. Lovegrove and Dr. Noble, direc
tor?. kI9£
The delegates to the Pacific States
lAwn Tennis Association will hold
their annual meeting for the election
of officers in October.
The California Tennis Club will give
a banquet to-night In honor of J. D.
MacGavin, the new Coast champion. It
Is expected all the prominent tennis
men on both sides of the bay will at
tend.
The race for the directors* cups at
the California Club Is an Interesting
one. Long and Janes scored their sec
ond consecutive victory last Sunday,
and are tied with Schmidt and Rolf?.
It seems the trophien will go to one of
these two teams permanently.
Wasliinston ; Official Departs.
Assistant United States Attorney
General W. A. Day? left for the East
last. evening after having spent a few
liours in this city. He ¦ came down
from' Alaska last where -he
had. been' engaged' in inspecting the
working of the judicial system in that
Territory. • > — - -._
Shellfish were responsible for nine
cases of typhoid fever In London last
vear.
To Dissolve Insurance Company.
Attorney General U. S. Web'>, upon
relation of Insurance Commissioner E.
Myron Wolf, yesterday began suit in
the Superior Court for an Injunction
to prevent the Mutual Benefit Co-op
erative Company from transacting any
business except for the purpose of lit
igation. The court is also asked to
make an order dissolving the corpo
ration. The company was formed
January 1, but It Is alleged that it did
not obtain the application of 200 per
sons for. membership, have J 3000 In
Its: treasury, nor obtain a certificate
from' the- Insurance Commissioner as
a condition precedent .to doinr busi
ness.
Cla?s stake — Recklens Acrobat, Sacramento
Boy, Pore Pearl. Oraina," lone Hill, Glaucus,
Fiifky Barbara, Young 'Fearless, Fiddler,
Crawford Belle. Old Ironsides, May Tunison,
Cosette, Bea Lion, Colored Lady, Flower Girl,
Vina, Oulda. Commercial Traveler. Butte City,
Fullznoon. Modesto Boy, Imperious, Little
Plunger, Courtly Guest.
Two well balanced stakes will pro
vide sport for the spectators to-day and
to-morrow at Ingleside Coursing Park.
Both will be run down once to-day. The
likely winners:
Reserve stake — Clarice Freeoort. Free From
Flaw. Little Dainty, Rushaway, Real DuchesR,
RoMing Boer. Jo« Hill. Good afe Gold. Bril
liancy. Wedxewood, Piker. H!k Klamath.
Aerodh. Equator. Jerry Wright. R W, Modest
Beauty, Jimmy Anthony. Reckless Kom,
Trevathan, Moonbeam. Bob R. Paul JDunbar.
Star Sylvanus. Mis* Lucille. Agitator, Frank
Dunn. Frisky Boy, Bella Lloyd, Little Mercy,
Mount Lowe.
The Mississippi Valley Futurity,
one of the great annual stakes . for
greyhounds, will be run next month
at Friend, Neb. The California breed
ers who have usually been represent
ed have no entries this year. They
have found it Impossible to send pup
pies such a distance by rail and have
them landjn good condition for run
ning. It *has been bad for the sea
soned dogs and disastrous for the pup
pies.
The management of Union Coursing
Park announces that a stake will be
run every Wednesday hereafter until
the winter racing season opens In the
middle of November. The draw will
be held at the park on Sundays. For
ty-eight entries will be accepted.
A sixty-four dog stake will be the
card at Union Park on Sunday. Mixed
in with Pocatelll and other flyers are
the best of this season's dogs. The
likely winners look to be Gambit,
Adonis, Tom Kins, Duhallow. : In
Time. J. E. H.. Real Pasha, Pasha
Pleasant. Gold Chain, Belle Marie,
Fancy Free, Racing Auto, Frisco Lad,
Pocatelll, Ruby Sankey, Renegade
Apache, Conroy, Amandan, Black
Coon, Mickey Free, Bright Fortune.
Rose of Gold, Angus Cissus, Sofala,
Barge, Princess Savoy, The Referee,
Tralee Lass. Haphazard, McVey, John
Heenan and Pomona.
California Coursing Men
Find It Futile to Enter
Dogs in Big Eastern Events
Matches.
CLUB. «< 3 £¦ jj o
Alameda 11 6 3 2. 63.63
San Francisco' Co. 11 6 4 1 59.09
Pacific 12 4 7 1 37.50
Santa Cruz 6 S 4 0 33.33
If the Alameda club should win to
morrow's match Its percentage for the
season will be 66,66, and the San Fran
cisco County's percentage will be re
duced to 54.16. If, on the other hand.
San Francisco County should prove
victorious its percentage will be raised
to 62.50, and the percentage of the
Alameda will be reduced to 58.33, thus
giving San Francisco County the cham
pionship.
Richardson, of course, is easily at the
head of the batting averages, with Jen
kins of Santa Cruz second and Petersen
third. Wilding was for some time sec
ond to Richardson on the list, but small
scores in the last two or three matches
have pulled him down. Jenkins' aver
age has- remained undisturbed, and Pe
tersen's has been much improved by
his score of 109 against the Pacific team
last Sunday. Wilkes at the end of July
had a batting average of 38 runs, but
has dropped to 25.50.
California Cricket Association — Batting aver
ages. September 24, 1904:
— - — - — — -
- •. ¦ • ( S3 §8:; *
S3 r- 3
BATSMEN AND . . ¦ 2 « a 3 »
club. ¦* - : ? a :
¦ % § -; 3 ; ;
. ¦_ : : : i : •
H. D. Richardson. S. F.... 10! G{10C«;665 166.25
A Jenkins. Santa Cruz « 3| 50* 130 46.33
E' M. Petersen, S. F 91 JI109 334 41.75
A. W Wilding:, Pacific V?\ 2 1 107* 399 3H.90
EH WllUes, Pacific ... 10! 01101 255 25.50
S'M.' Foster, Alameda.... 11| 2 59* 219 24. XI
G. II. Ward. Alameda 111 j 3 71 I7fi 22.00
H. D. Bowly, Pacific . ...itl| 2 67 196 21.77
F. "J. Croll, Alameda 110 0 41 217 21.10
F A. Stahl, Alameda 10 0 50 195110.50
H*. Roberts.- S. F. County.. 7 2 "6 95 19.00
F. J Bennion. Alameda. 7 2 54* 88 17.20
W. A. McNamara. S. Cruz. 6 t 42» S5 17.00
H C. Casidy.- Pacific..... 8 2 52 102 17.00
"W.H.McNaughton. Alam'a 11 0 45 1154 14.00
W. Petherick. - Pacific. .... |10 1 41»J1C5 11.81
•Not out. > .
Quallflcat:onp\Trn innings and an average of
more than 10 rufts.
California Cricket Association — Bowling aver
ages. September 24,' 1904
— - - —
183 S - '- ;; ¦ •*• » C <
BOWLERS AND ' 2 S S £• *
CLUB. • . 3 : S £
: m . ¦ s
A. Daviex. S. F. County 72 24 100 14' 7.14
H. -Roberts. S. F. Co.. 132 31312 2*11.15
F. A. -Stahl. Alameda 50 10 116 10 11.60
E. J. Stratton, S.F. Co. 47 6 130 11 11.81
O.'.H. Ward. Alameda 195 33 412 34 12.11 i
W. A. McXamara. S.C. 106 IS 210 17 12. X'.
K.:M. Petersen, S.F. Co. 88 21194 15 12.93
H. V B. Richrdson. 8.F.C. 67 fl 144 1113.00
F.J.- CroU. Alameda.. 179 45!345 2« 13. 1M
A: Sims. Santa Cms.. 114 22|254 19 13.37
E.:H. Wilkes, Pacific.. 121 2C 281 19 14.73
H. C. Casldy, Pacific. . . »7 8 267 17 15.70
O. N. Taylor, Pacific. 119 29|20S 17 17.32
Qualification— ten wickets.
But One Important Event
Remains to Be Decided
on the Courts This Season
It looks as If Sperry, the best youth
the season has developed, will be neecl
ed to help the freshmen to victory. His
absence from the play against the
Berkeley High School last Wednesday
was noticeable; Weller was used for
the Stanford freshmen and varsity
last year, and no doubt Sperry will be
made to do double duty for California
if he continues .his excellent work.
Snowdon and Golcher promise much
as halfbacks, : Siiowdon particularly.
Twltchell seems to be well placed at
full. Kendall is good at quarter and
seems to keeu his head, as all good
quarters do. %
Snedigar wrenched his knee in prac
tice and will be out • of the game for
some time. Kern is also laid up with
an injured ankle. I .¦.¦'•, /
In the two frames the freshmen
played they put : up a ragged article.
They cannot be iexpected to make
much of a showing this early, however,
and as the season advances they will
naturally Improve* Certainly, there is
enough good material on hand to man
ufacture a first-rate eleven.
BERKELEY, Sept. 23.— It will take
the game to-morrow against the Olym
pics to show what kind of an eleven
California will put in the football arena
this season. There has been but little
chance to size up the men so far, be
cause they have not been tried out
against any other team. The atmos
phere Is always cleared after the first
game, and so the fans will have to wait
until the whistle sounds at the end of
the second half before any one will
know how good or how bad are Califor
nia's chances.
There are those who think California
will suffer the same fate as Stanford
last Saturday at the hands of that
husky Olympic crowd. California has
not struck its gait by any means yet,
and the play is more than likely to be
a bit wobbly.
The first line-up will be something
like this: Stroud, center; Stern, right
guard; Gray, left guard; Force, right
tackle; Howard, left tackle; Oliver,
right end; Henry, left end; Kittrelle,
quarter; Sperry, light half; White, left
half; Lafater, ful5.
This is the teaj'h thariooks the best
to the spectators^ although others will
be given a chance;by the coaches. When
changes are mad<j Mead, White, Evans
and Anloff will be; tried as backs, Lasa
ter and Boyntori a< full, Boothe at
quarter, O'Toole and Reed at guard,
and Elliott, Caminetti and Coogan at
end. ¦ -
Tomasini, the big freshman from Palo
Alto, is doing well at guard on th»
varsity. He is heavy, uses his head
well, and is a hard man to stop. Be
sides | this Jhe promises to become the
best punter on the field. With Tomas
ini at guard, Thompson, who played
that position last year, has been shift
ed^ to tackle. The change will be bene
ficial, as Thompson is sure to Drove a
great ground-gaining tackle. < V:
The freshman team is still raw. arid
not one candidate has his position as
sured. The loss of Cadwallader. • the
heavy back from Pomona, who failed
to get his standing in the university
settled before the list of players was
sent to Berkeley, Is a severe one. The
team this year wiir.be a light one. both
in the line and In the back field.- There
is almost a month, however, to per
fect team play, and in that time Coach
Hauverman expects to turn out a fin
ished eleven.
There is a chance that they will be
strong enough to get Into the game,
for they are both football veterans and
do not need much coaching, but the
chance is a slim one. With these two
men put of .the game the-Cardinals
hope for victory over the Blue and Gold
receives a seriqus setback, as Dole is
the most consistent back Stanford has
had fpr many years, while Roosevelt is
a first-class lineman. ' Meanwhile a
merry fight will go on for these two
vacant positions.
Dole and Roosevelt, halfback and
guard, are both in the University Hos
pital with diphtheria and it will be at
least three weeks before they will be
able to leave the ward.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 23.
With the coming of the cool weather
this week came a noticeable improve
ment in the work of the Cardinal foot
ball squad. There is a snap and vigor
in the movements of the 100 candidates
for the 'varsity that was painfully
lacking a few weeks ago.
The men have settled down In the
football harness with the realization
that they will have to fight for their
positions, and it is this fighting spirit
which makes the Stanford coaches
smile hopefully. The players have lost
their early feeling of overconfldence
and have buckled down to the hardest
kind of work in splendid shape.
Throughout the week Coach Lanagan
has been teaching the heavy backs to
catch punts and the ends to run d'o'Wn
the field after them. It is fast play the
head coach seeks and he is bending
every effort to make each candidate a
"sprinter." The team's run off plays
as fast now as they did last year a
month later in the season.
SEND NO HOUNDS
ACROSS BORDER
Dole and Roosevelt Are Con
lined in the University
Hospital With Diphtheria
TENNIS PLAYERS
IN LAST TOURNEY
Blue and Gold Football Ad
herents Will Watch To-
Day ? s Play With Interest
STANFORD LOSES
VALUABLE MEN
BERKELEY AWAITS
OUTCOME OF GAME
A circular has been issued by I* P.
Lowe, chairman of the executive com
mittee of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia, to the members and dealers call
ing for entries in the proposed endur
ance run^from San Francisco to Los
Angeles/ The date set for the start
from this city Is Wednesday, October 12.
Greater Interest Is being taken In the
run by the motorists of Southern Cali
fornia, who are expected to enter sev
eral cars. The route chosen is exceed
ingly well adapted for the purpose, as
besides being picturesque it offers roads
of nearly all possible kinds and enough
stiff grades to test the hill-climbing
powers of the cars. Under the condi
tions laid down any moderate powered
car can accomplish the journey, which
will be made wholly by daylight and
at reasonable speed. If the run be
brought to a successful issue it is pos
sible that California will be seleoted as
the scene of a national endurance run.
W. R. Densmore of Detroit, accompa
nied by W. W. Everett, Harold B. Lar
zalere and H. A. French, recently made
a continuous run from Los Angeles to
this city In 53 hours 40 minutes elapsed
time, following, with some deviations,
the route selected for the coming en
durance test. W. R. Densmore of the
Packard Company has attended many
of the endurance runs that have been
held in the United States, and states
that the coast road from San Francisco
to Los Angeles Is better than any he
has ever seen a3 a test of endurance.
It now behopves the managers of
garages and the owners of automobiles
to send in their entries for the endur
ance run, so that a large number of
competitors may be assured.
Eighteen cars have now been entered
for the Vanderbilt cud race, to take
place on October 2. France has entered
six cars, Germany and the United
States have five entries each and Italy
two entries. The French cars are three
ninety horsepower Panhards, a Clem
ent-Bazard of eighty horsepower, a Re
nault of ninety horsepower and a De
Dietrich of eighty horsepower. The
German cars are all Mercedes machines
of sixty horsepower. The American en
tries will include two Pope-Toledos of
sixty horsepower, the Packard Motor
Car Company's thirty horsepower Gray
Wolf, a seventy horsepower Smith &
Mabley simplex and a thirty-five horse
power Royal Tourist, to be driven by
Joseph Tracy. The Italian entries are
ninety horsepower F. I. A. T. cars, one
of them owned by Alfred Gwynne Van
derbilt.
The New York City Board of Alder
men has eased the minds of the man
agers of the run by granting permis
sion for the use of the portion of the
course lying within the limits of the
city.
On the ground at Webster street, Ala
meda, to-morrow the most exciting
cricket match of the season will be
played between the Alameda and the
San Francisco County elevens for the
championship of 1904.
This is the last match for the Brown
pennant and the winning team will be
the champions of the year. Never be
fore since the foundation of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association, in 1892, has
it happened that the last match of the
"Season had to be played to decide the
championship. Many lovers of cricket
will be on hand to witness the inter
esting contest.
The San Francisco County representa
tives will be x Harold B. Richardson
(captain), E. M. Petersen, W. R. Stew
art, P. R. John. E. J. Stratton, Henry
Roberts, A. C. Chadwick, T. J.A. Tiede
mann, H. Dixon, A. C. Davies and H.
F. Pepys.
The Alameda team will be made up
of G. Harold Ward, F. A. Stahl, W. H.
McNaughton, George Croll, S. M. Fos
ter, F. J. Croll, H. Bird, G. I. Baugh,
V. Seebeck, J. H. Saunders and W.
Scott.
- On Sunday, October 2, the winners of
the 1904 championship will play against
an eleven made up from the other
clubs in the California Cricket Associa
tion.
The standing of the teams for the
championship of 1904 is shown in the
following table:
STANDING FOR CHAMPIONSHIP OP CALI
FORNIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION. 190*.
Victorious Team in Sunday's
Game Will Win the Cham
pionship Pennant of 190i
Eighteen High-Powered Cars
to Strive for Vanderbilt
Cup on Long Island Eoads
CRICKET ELEVENS
IN CLOSE RACE
ENDURANCE RUN
DATE IS SETTLED
Of the ten American master marks
men diplomas offered as trophies for
.ten best averages in marksmanship the
£Hv» -Calif ornians carried off seven out
of the 'ren, proving that every member
of the team was a past master with
the rifle. On July 6, 1876. the great day
of the Centennial team shooting, Amer
ica's best marksmen from all the States
were represented and more than 50,000
spectators were present. When the sig
nal was given for the commencement
of the day's proceedings and the tar
sets appeared Adolph Strecker fired the
first shot In the contest. Immediately
the marker waved the red flag, indi
cating that twenty-five rings one inch
In diameter had been scored. This mas
ter shot was greeted with tremendous
applause. From this time until the end
of the contest the Californians forged
steadily ahead of all other teams. Wil
liam Koenig started with three twenty
fours to his credit, and every member
of the team did excellent work at the
targets. The final result showed the
Californians had beaten the next high
est team (the Helvetias of New York)
by sixty-eight rings. Philo Jacoby won
the champion medal of the team, with
132 rings in ten shots at the half-inch
25-ring target. The victorious team
r.-as crowned with laurel wreaths and
presented with the Centennial champion
goblet as evidence of their superior
marksmanship. This trophy is seml
annually filled with champagne and
passed around among the marksmen at
the distribution of prizes "won at the
various festivals.
On .the return of the successful team
to San Francisco the marksmen kept
up their practice at the rifle range in
Alameda. The California Schuetzen
Club gained rapidly in membership and
wealth, and after weathering many
Ftorms, which threatened its existence,
it is to-day the largest citizen rifle as-
Fociation in America, embracing more
than 240 members and owning the
handsome grounds known as the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
farl. The club has an ample treasury
and 1000 shares of dividend-paying park
stock, amounting to about $15,000. In
addition to a prize shooting for mem
tors every Sunday in the year, the club
u!so gives a semi-annual festival, open
to all marksmen, at which many valu
able prtzes in money and merchandise
are won by successful contestants.
The California Schuetzen Club has a
history of which its members and all
citizens of California may be proud.
It was organized on the 6th day of Jan
uary. 1876. for the purpose of repre
senting California at the great centen
r.ial world's shooting contest, which
vas to take place in Philadelphia, and
at which the best marksmen from
America, Europe and England were to
compete.
A request to enter a California team
had been sent by the centennial com
mission to Philo Jacoby. who. during the
years 18CS, 1S70 and 1873 had success
fully represented California marks
manship in the East and in Europe by
carrying off many of the best prizes
offered at the different festivals. He
issued a call to his comrades of the
rifle, and on January 6. 1876, Adolph
Strecker. Abraham Rahwyler, William
Ehrenpfort. J. A. Bauer, William
Koenig, William Heber. A- Ingold. Cap
tain C. K. Zlmmer and others met and
organized the California Schuetzen
flub. Philo Jacoby was elected pres
ident and A. Rahwyler vice president.
A few days later the club held its first
prize shoot in Alameda and with the
aid of Herman Bremer constructed the
first 200-yard range in California. A
bear flag was ordered as an insignia of
the club and a beautifully carved griz
zly adopted as a mascot.
June, 1876. the California Schuet
zon Vlub team, composed of William
Ehreripfort. J. A- Bauer, William
Streuli. William Koenig. A. Rahwyler,
A. Strecker and Philo Jacoby, went at
iheir own expense to Philadelphia to
represent California at the world's
contest. They competed during the
right days' festival of the American
Sharpshooters' Association, at which
more than 1000 marksmen competed.
The Californians carried off most of
the first prizes.
The riflemen of San Francisco and
vicinity are eagerly iooking forward to
the annual fall shooting festival of the
California Schuetzen Club to be held
in Schuetzen Park near San Rafael on
October 2 and 3. The large number
of prizes and trophies offered on the
different targets have proved an in
ducement to marksmen all over the
State. Communications have been re
ceived from Sacramento, San Jose, Pet
aluma and other points, asking for full
information and expressing a desire to
take part in the proceedings.
There will be twenty targets at the
disposal of participants and the com
mittee in charge of the affair will
have everything in readiness for
marksmen to establish new scores.
There will be more than 5700 in cash
and about $1500 in mercnandise prizes
distributed among the lucky winners. ;
The main event of the festival will I
be the competition for snooting king.
Many well known riflemen of the State
have already signified their intention
of entering this event and it is certain
the contest will be hotly fought out.
There will be 200 shots fired on this i
target and if A. Strecker, the present
king, wishes to hold the honors for
another vear he will have to be at his
best. As the festival is open to all
comers, regardless of any club to which
they may belong, a large crowd of rifle
men and gpectators will be in attend
ance.
. The allowance of each boat will be
deducted from her actual sailing time.
Cups will be awarded to the owners of
the yachts taking first, second and third
places.
To-day and to-morrow are open on
the programme of the Corinthian Yacht
Club. The California Yacht Club has a
race for the twenty-foot class on its
programme for to-morrow. On Sunday,
October 2, the handicap regatta for the
Vincent cup will be held.
"Members* night" last Saturday at
the quarters of the San Francisco
Yacht Club was much enjoyed by those
who took part in the games. In the
whist tournament F. A- Hyde and R. F.
Bell won three games: A. G. A. Mueller
and W. M. Field, two games; G. F.
Holzheiser and W. Harrison, two
games; A. E. "Wray and A. Epsten, W*.
B. Gilbert and L. C. Pistolesi, one
game. The prizes were awarded to
Holzheiser and Harrison, who won only
two games, but beat Hyde and Bell.
F. G. Phillips won the billiard tourna
ment, C. P. Coles was victorious at
chess and F. J. Hood at checkers. At
dominoes J. M. Punnett won first prize
and F. G. Phillips second.
The regatta committee, consisting
of R. S. Brldgman, Roy C. Ward and
Charles M. Gunn, has allotted the
handicaps as follows:
The schooner9 Agxle and Chlspa. the yawl
TramcMana and the sloop Challenger, scratch;
the schooner White Wings and sloop Annie, 15
minutes; the schooner Virginia and sloop
Sappho, £0 minutes; the sloops Ariel and Min
netcnka and schooners Josephine and Martha,
35 minutes; schooner Challenge, 40 minutes;
the sloop Thetis, 60 minutes: the yawl W»v»
and sloop Halcyon. 1 hour; the sloop Curlew. 1
hour 20 minutes; the yawls Royal and Rlppla
and th- sloop Juanita, 1 hour 23 minutes; the
sloop Surprise, 1 hour 30 minutes; the sloop
Mistral. 1 hour 40 minutes; the yawl Witch, I
hour 45 minutes; the aioop Alice, 2 hours; the
sloop Zada. 5 hours; the sloop Marianne, 3
hours 50 minutes.
The fleet of the San Franci3CO
Yacht Club will start from its anchor
age at Sausalito this^ afternoon for
Vallejo. Yacht owners are requested
to weigh anchor at 3 o'clock. It is
low water at 5:17 p. m. at Fort Point
and floods until 11:40 p. m. at the
same place. As the. moon is. full to
night the sail ud to the Mare Island
navy yard should be a pleasant one.
The fleet will race down from Val
lejo to Sausalito to-morrow, each
yacht receiving an arbitrary handi
cap according to her speed and per
formances. The starting time of each,
boat will be taken from the float of
the Vallejo Yacht Club house, yacht
owners announcing the name of their
yacht to the timekeeper on the float
as they cross the line. The finish will
be across an imaginary line drawn
from the wharf of the San Francisco
Yacht Club house at Sftusalito to a
stakeboat anchored about 300 yards
to the east of the wharf, leaving: the
stakeboat on the starboard hand.
Maiiy Desire to Be Pro
claimed the Most Skillful
L Rifleman in All the State
Corinthians to Hold a Chow
der Cruise and Small Boat
Regatta Early Next Month
SEEK STKECKER'S CROWN
Annual Festival of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club
Draws Coast Marksmen
WINNEKS GET TKOPHIES
Yachts Will Kacc From
Mare Island to Sausalito
To-Morrow With Handicap
CLEVER SHOTS
WILL COMPETE
FOR KINGSHIP
SAN FRANCISCO
AMATEURS SAIL
UP TO VALLEJO
RIFLEMEN OF THE COAST LOOK FORWARD TO THE AUTUMN FESTIVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 190*.
10
PltEE FREE - — - FREE
A two-pound package of ,
PILLSBURY'S iVITOS
The choicest product of the best
,. - wheat in the world.
Made by the millers of Pills-
bury \s Best Flour.
A single package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food.
FREE WITH WANT ADS.
See -announcement -on classified
;v £;¦.> Pace . ¦ -:VALLEJO. Sept. 23. — The Wilson slaughter
house, granary and hay , barns on - the Napa
road were destroyed by flre early this morning,
causing a Iocs of $5000, partly covered by In
auranc*. JI&EHBSlfiR
Eastern and other visitors to San Fran
cisco will have a capital chance to see som«
of the most famous places in California on
Sunday/October 2, when the Southern Pacific
will run a popular excursion to Monterey.
The excursion - will allow of visits to Hotel
Del Monte. Pacific Grove, Presidio, etc.. or
visitors may enjoy themselves bathing, flshin;
or boating In - glass-bottomed boats. Excur
sion train will leave Third and Townsend
streets depot at 7:30 a. m. : returning, leare
Monterey 4:15 ». m. Ask about it to-day at
613 Market st. . •
Excursion to Monterey.
Rose Slips Off Handcuffs.
Harry J. Rose waa one of the
prisoners taken from the County Jail
to Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
morning in the Sheriff's van. He was
to be arraigned on a charge of grand
larceny for stealing a watch from Wil
liam H. Armstrong of Mare Island on
August 7. Deputy Sheriff , Coyle's at
tention was called to Rose by his pe
culiar motions in the van. Coyle made
an examination and discovered that
Rose had slipped the ! handcuffs over
his wrists and was holding them in
his hand, his intention apparently be
ing to make a bolt for liberty when
the van reached the Hall of Justice.
Coyle promptly put on the handcuffs
again and kept a special watch on
Rose.
Tjouk to Fight Neary.
SEATTLE, • Sept. 23. — Louie Long
of Oakland and Charles Neary of Mil
waukee posted 'their forfeits, $200
each, to-day. Their , twenty-round
boxing match on September 30 is now
assured. '
The Euterpean Ladies' Chorus, a
clever organization of able singern,
opened the star course of the Touns
Men's Christian Association annual en
tertainments last evening. '
Mary E. Cassell is the director and
Anna Klages the accompanist, and
every one concerned gave a splendidly
artistic account of herself, to the de
light of the audience that braved the
ruffled elements in order to enjoy the
very tempting programme of beautiful
vocal numbers. It Is safe to say that
the Euterpean Ladles' Chorus won high
favor, and well did the sweet-voiced
young women deserve the '^hearty ap
plause given them. .
Sweet-Voiced Younsr Women Win
High Favor for Their Vocal
Excellence.
"World's Record In Bowling.
A world's record in duckpin bowl-
Ing was established last, night at the
American bowling alleys. Charles F.
liatto was the successful player, roll-
Ing- a score of 160 in competition. This
¦in expected to stand for some time.
XOSEMITE VALLEY.
Reduced Kates by Santa Fe.
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets to Tosemite Valley
from San Francisco for $26 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip is made entire
ly in day time and Includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route is through tha Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls,
Bridal Veil and Tosemite Falls. Cathe
dral Rock, the Sentinel,- Glacier Point,
Three Brothers, El Capltan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stay in Yo
semite may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This is a grand chance. to aee the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
it at Santa Fe Office, No. 641 Market st*
(NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 23.— Philadelphia
defeated St. Louis to-day in a hard bitting,
loosely played same. Attendance, 1100. 8core:
It. II. E.
fit. Louis f 12 4
Philadelphia 8 15 3
Batteries — O'Neill and Grady; Suthoff and
Dooln. Umpire — Johnston*.
NEW TORK. Sept. 23. — New Tork failed
to score acainst Plttsbun? to-day. Attend
ance. WOO. Score: r
Plttabur* \ 2 • •«
New York •• 0 2 8
Batteries— Case and Phelps; Bowerman,
Ames. Dunn and Marshall. Umpires — Moran
* n iiROOKLTN, Sept. 23. — Brooklyn won a well
played Rame from Chicago to-day. Attend
ance. 1000. Score: r r
Cblcagro ••- I*****:"*;; 3 6 0
IJl Satterie»— W'elmer' and Kl'lnr; Jones and
Bercen Umpires— Emslle and Carpenter..
BOSTON Sept. 23.— Ewing struck out
twelve Boston player* to-day by employing
the Jelled "-P". "all." Attendance^ 12U0.
Cincinnati '.'..\ 7 1
" and ' ScblVf; ' Pittlnger and
Needham. Umpire — Zlmmer.
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.)
CLEVELAND. Sept. 23.— Cleveland and
1 New Tork played a tie game to-day, dark
iiese putting aa «»d to tt « contest at the end
of the ninth Inning. Attendance, 1200. Score:
It* ' H. E.
I Cleveland ..; • 1 8 1
Batteries— Bernhard and Buelow; Powell and
DETROIT. Sept. 23. — The locals lost to
day. Attendance. 200. Score:
XI* 11. £2.
Detroit ----- * *g \
Boston • • • • • * 10 __.,, 4
Batteriefr— Mullln, Raymond ana Drill;
1 Toass a&d Criger.
EUTERPEAN LADIES' CHORUS
3IARES A DECIDED HIT
BUTTE, Mont.. Sept. 23. — The
Goodman-Attell fight has been aban
doned and instead Aurelin Herrera,
the Mexican, will meet Goodman on
October 17. Attell's failure to arrive
in time to properly train for the
match was the cause of the Silver
Bow Athletic Club calling off the bout.
Goodman-Attell Fight Is Off.
In brief, the advantages of Hoffman's
engine are that it will occupy not more
than one-fourth , the ordinary floor
space required for other engines of sim
ilar power; it will effect- a saving of
one-fourth in steam; it Is economical
in construction and operation and it is
without vibration.
A year ago P. T. Berg of Stockholm,
Sweden, formerly of the Carnegie Steel
Company and now consulting engineer
for the United States ; Steel Corpora
tion, examined Hoffman's engine for
Charles M. Schwab and made a favor
able report on the inventor's . claims.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, several of whose
inventions are now in use on the New
York Central Railroad, has declared
that the engine will send all of the
present style locomotives to the scrap
iron heap.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— A perfect ro
tary engine, the much desired achieve
ment of hundreds of mechanical in
ventors, is the triumph which, in the
opinion of eminent experts, has crown
ed more than a score years of work by
¦William M. Hoffman of Buffalo.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Mac
Flecknoe won, Dr. Sherman Beeond, Albemarl«s
third. TImp. l:«)8Vi.
Fifth race, s^ven furlongs — Alice Carey won.
Lady Usk second. Homage third. Time, 1:28.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — Moun
tebank won, Phyz second, Mordente third.
Time. 1:44.
Firet race, mile and an eighth dash, for juve
nile pacers — Bessie R won, Bonnie M second.
Queen Director third, Julea Iteteel fourth.
Time. 2:37%.
Second race, one and a quarter mllee, free
for-all trotting, handicap — Mack Mack won.
D H D second, Coronudo third. Time. .":01V'«.
Third race, five furlongs— Eldred won. The
Pride second, Aurora U third. Time. 1:00%.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 1*3.— The Meadow
results:
Seattle Race Results.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE, M«L, Sept. 23. —
"Philadelphia Jack" O'Brien knocked
out Billy Stift in the second round to
night before the Eureka Athletic
Club. The men are middle-weights
aud fought at catch weights for a
purs*». O'Brien floored Stift twice dur
ing the second round. Later he land
*-5 a right swing to the Jaw that sent
Stift down and out.
Jark O'Brien Knocks Out Stift,
Hoffman's Invention jtfay
Send Present Style Loco
motives to the /Scrap Pile
Game Between Hlglilanders and
Cleveland Ends in a Tie After
Nine Fierce Innings.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. '
National League. I American Leaffu?;
W. L. Pet. W. L.Pct.
New Tork 100 33 .71»!New Tork.. 83 51 .020
PltSbE?: S» 63 .5<«. Boston ....85.53.610
Chicago ... 81 56.691 'Chicago ... 79 58 .o77
Cincinnati.. 77 ttO .BGi\ Philadelphia 73 57.5.52
Ht. Louis... <$T 70 .4S9 .Cleveland... 72 62 .W7
Brooklyn .. 63 87 .878,St. .Louis.. B7 <7 .423
Boston .... 48 91 .345' Detroit .... 67 79.41!)
Philadelphia 46 »4 .320 Washington 33 102.244
PHILLIES BETTER WITH
BAT THAN CARDINALS
Thomas Moran. Charles Donnolly
and Edward Duncan were also tried
for Rice's murder. Mpran was con
victed of murder in the first degree
and the penalty, fixed at imprisonment
for life. Donnolly and Duncan were
each convicted of murder in the sec
ond degree. Donnolly was sentenced
to serve seventeen years . in Folspm
penitentiary and Duncan to nineteen
years in the same institution.
William Buckley has been sentenced
to be hanged at San Quentin on Oc
tober 7 for shooting and killing
George W. Rice, a non-union . ma
chinist, at Twentieth and Howard
streets on October 11, 1901. Yester
day Attorney Frank J. Murphy ap
peared before Judge Lawlor and said
hu confidently expected that Governor
Fardee would grant Buckley a re
prieve of ninety days. He therefore
asked that the Judge make an order
retaining Buckley In the County Jail
till definite Information was received
from the Governor. The Judge said
he would decline to interfere in the
matter and would allow the law to
take its course.
Murderer of Georse W. Rice Docs
Not Want to Be Removed to
San Qnentfn.
BUCKLEY EXPECTS TO GET
REPRIEVE FROM GOVERNOR
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race— Arsenal, Gold Saint, Col
lector Jessup.
Second race— Foxhunter, St. Jude,
Chamblet entry.
Third race — Escutcheon, Thirty-
Tliird. Brush Up.
Fourth race — Beldame, Broomstick,
Africander.
Fifth race— My Beula, . Bulwark,
Dance Music.
sixth • race— Wotan, St. Valentine,
Martinmas.
' Condition of the track — Fast.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The Second
Special, at one and a half miles, will
be run to-morrow at Gravesend. The
field will be made up of McChesney.
Africander, Beldame- and Broom
stick. The day's entries:
First race, about six furloncB, handicap, all
agps, *1COO :;rid<*d — Collector Jeswup 1!>5, Lcon-
Idas 119. Major Pelham 112. Invincible 10S.
Old England 102, Seymour 100. Gold Saint 09,
Foxy Kane 05, Councilman 95. Grenade 94.
Arsenal 00. Toi San US, Austin Allen 8t>. (Col
lector Jessup and Austin, McGinnls entry.)
-Second race. King's Highway steeplechase,
handicap, three-year-old* and up, $2000 Hdded.
about two «nd a half miles — Good and Plenty
170. Fox Hunter IB4, St. Jude 160. Zinzlbar
152! Flyfne Buttress 152, Maiden 151. Judge
Phillips 1M». Royelie 150, Ragged Cavalier 14<i.
Delivery 132 (Zinzlbar and Royelie, Cham
blett entry; St. Jude and Delivery, Cotton
Third rfece, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-yfcar-olds^ — Sweet Pepper 109. Czaraphlne
105 Niblick 105. Thirty-Third 104, Escutcheon
103* Goldcroft 103, Consu<»lo n 100. Uluecoat
100 Salt .and P<f>per- »O, Bert. Arthur 97.
Brush i T p 95. Wild Irishman 93, Auto Hood 92,
Fireball 02. •
Fourth race, the Second Special, one and a
half r.iiles. three-year-olds and up. $5000 added
McCliesney 121, Africander 121, Beldame 112,
Broomstick 110.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-old maidens- 1 — Light Note 110. Dunne 110,
Gallowses 110, Lang Dolan'110, Flat 110, Grand
Slam 110, Belligerent 110, Yorkshire Lad 110,
Miller's Daughter 107. Dance Music 107, Bul
wark 107. Jennie McCabe 107, My Bucla 107,
Benlala 107, Race Queen 107. Raiment 107.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap all «*«, $1200 added— Colonial Girl 120.
Ormonde's Right 117. St. Valentine 107, Dales
man 106, Wotan 103, Flexion 100, Martinmas
100 Cincinnatus 09, Grenade 95. Sir Lynne
wood 94, Veto 90, Merry Lark 87.
GRAVESEXD ENTRIES.
CARDINAL TO PLAY MIDDIES,. --
Eleven From the Pemacola Tralnlns
School Will Try Out Collej-ian*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
23. — The Stanford football team will
line up against the eleven from the
Fensacola training school to-morrow
afternoon for the second game of the
season. Nearly every man on the
Stanford squad will again be given a
chance to take part in the game for
a few' minutes. The Pensacola team Is
heavy this year, averaging 180 pounds
to the man, and. this weight, with the
scientific coaching they have had fredfe 1 "
Annapolis teachers, should make tbem
a formidable opponent for the car
dinal. Last year Stanford defeated
the sailors by the score of 23 to 0.
The line-up- will be:
Stanford. Position. Pensacola.
Smith R- E. L. Fowler
Shields R. T. L Topla
Zimmerman .''. R- G. L Holm.
Niwsen Center R*gan
Montzingo L. O. R ...Donnelly
Sprague L. T. R..... Melville*
Clark I*. E. R S&mueta
lians bach .... .Quarter Jones
Chalmers R. H. X» Weaver
Trowbrldge L. H. R McClur*
Bogle Fullback Acuff (Capt>.
ROTARY ENGINE
IS A SUCCESS
First race — Shortcake, Radium.
Bird Pond.
Second race — Judge Brady, The
Eye, Ara.
Third race — Vestry, Miss Manners,
Milton Young:.
Fourth race — Hayes entry, Taby
Tosa, Commodore.
Fifth race — Monaco Maid, Zinda,
Colonel .White.
' Sixth race — Lacy Crawford, Maln
sprins:, Mildred L. >
Seventh race — In-jolthrift, Potter,
Algonquin.
Condition of the track — Slow.
The drawing for the bay counties
tT.nis championship was held last
- night. Sixty-four of v the best players
about the bay entered, including
Champion MacGavin. Percy Murdock,
"Will Allen, R. N. Whitney. George Ba
ker and Grant Smith. It is doubtful
if either MacGavin, Murdock or Smith
will play. The drawing resulted as
follows:
G H. Buscb ve. W. C. Allen; G. L.. Hall
v«. G. L. Baker; F. X. Baker vs. C. J.
Griffin; C. J. Dpnlap vs. L. S. Howell; R.
C VcnVtiet vs. E. Turner; G. M. Guerln vs.
G. P. Lylton; Frank Flna vs. W. II. Wood
cock; C. B. McDuffy v«. J. A. Code; J. H.
I^wis vs. G. L. Luckey; F. C. Adams vs.
M. Heaxb; C. Gardner va. H. Kramer; J. D.
M.-'iu\!:. vs. C. Colman; G. Janes vs. If.
Miner: Will Collier vs. H. Routh; C. Foley
v*. Alton Hall; A. Kenyon vs. H. Gabriel;
Or*nt Smith ve. D. Lemon; S. Simon v«. F.
Guerin: A. Brabant vs. Mill, r Hatchkiss; *.".
B. Coulter ve. H. Long; W. G. Knowlton vs.
R. N. Whitney; L. Joseph v». E. P. Fmnipan;
r. Murdock vs. C. S. Gay ness; R. E. Parr
vs. M. A. Leslie; C. W. Teller vs. C. R.
Quick: M. A. Edwards vt. O. J. Lowell; R.
A . Murray vs. Mariu* Hotrhklw;; J. B. Francis
¦»•». F W. Roche; L. Merguire ve. W. K.
¦ttltean; Y. Lnzano v#. R. F. Drolla: E. Milkx
xe. R. C. Xoble; M. Long vs. M. H. Turner.
Kixty-Four Enter for Championship
of Hie Bay Counties.
TENNIS PLAYERS DRAWN".
SEVENTH RACE — Five furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 2— Calmness, 99 (Travers)... 2 2113.
8 to 1— Black Cat, 105 (Gannon). 7 3h 2 2
7 to 2 — Sumatra. 105 (Redf ern) . . 4 6 h 3 1
Time, 1:03. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, F. D. Weir's ch. f. by St. Blaise-Quietly.
Grace Curtis, Istria. IsmaJllan, Small Lady.
George Saint, Rob Mossom, Maxey Moore, Holy
frmoke, Handalice, Llanthony, Blackbird fin
l&lted as mimed.
DKLMAR SELECTION'S.
FJrst riuti— Dundall, Handy Bill,
Glrdlcsjtone.-
Second race — Rip, Oliver Me, John
E. Owens.
Third race — Spencerian, Leila, Huz
zah.
Fourth race — Lady Savoy, Ruin's
Horn, Kurtzman.
Fifth race— Dalvay, Spencerian,
Miss Crawford.
Sixth race— I>r. Stephens, King
Ellsworth, Harrison.
Seventh race — Blucniint, Hans
Wagner^ Swiftwihsr. y
Condition of the track — Good.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Ey the Chicago Inter Ocean.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles,
Eellins' — Jim Tyrrell 69. Excentral S!». Durbar
01, Carat 0), Sarllla 91. Bluemlnt 97. Swift-
Tr.-inz !W. Ullfain U)«>. Paramount lot, Hann
Wagner 102, Curate 102. Sir Hugh lc>4.
Second rate, handicap Btcepiechase, short
course^ — Billy Bashaw 125, Cherokee Lass 123,
Laura K H'3, Dominique You 125. Class Leader
130, Beana 133, John E. Owens 13S, Lingo 130.
Oliver Me 150. Rip 153.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, the
Prairie stuktG. selling, $1500 added — Leila S!>,
£r*"ncerlan . 1)1, Fonsoluca 95, Stroller 95,
Ananias ICO. Iluzzah 103, Horatlus 105.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, the Forward
stakes, #1500 added — Loretta M 115, Lady
Savoy 115. Ram's Horn IIS, Monte 118, Cigar
lighter 118, Kurtzmann 120.
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Spcncerlan 93,
Miss Crawford 07, Dalvay 100. Gregor K 107,
Brasg 110.
Sixth raw. one and a sixteenth milrs, sell
ins — Don't Aek Me 95. Dungannon 95, Dr.
Stephens 98. Flying Torpedo 'JO. King Ells
worth 101. Harrison 10«.
, CHICAGO, Sept 23. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Harlem fol
low:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Mart Gentry 91, Captain Xerotu U4, Dundall
94. Gallant Cassie 90, Green Rose 06, Clara
Berry Mfi. Janeta 100, Handy Bill 102, Girdle
stone 102.
1IARLEM ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
maiden three-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Prin. Atheling,lo7(W.Dvs) 2 11. lh
6 to 1 — Out of Reach. 110 (Burns) 9 2 5 2 3
9 to 5 — Spring Silk, 111 (Odom).. 4 «% 33
Time, 1 :Zo 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Kyle's blk. f. by Atheling-
Princess Blandlna. Gansevoort. Louis H. Lem
Heed, Eastern Sport, Bally Castle, Clovls. Hetty
O, Nuit Blanche, King Carter, Little Johnson,
Vartray finished as named.
STOCKTON, Sept. 23.— A dispatch
from Jamestown states that a plot to
destroy the property . of the Rawhide
mine was discovered a few days ago,
and San Francisco detectives are now
there attempting to secure' evidence
which will bring the conspirators to
justice.
The mine was shut down for. repairs
this week. While tearing up the floor
in -the power-room the head carpenter
found beneath the floor and directly
under the big 100 horsepower electric
motor an infernal machine connected
by copper wire with a distant portion
of the mine property. The machine con
sisted of two large pieces of heavy iron
pipe filled ' with about fifty pounds of
dynamite. Appearances indicate that
the machine had lain there some time.
If the machine had been exploded it
Wvould have wrecked the entire power
plant of the mine — the steam plant, the
sawmill and last, and most important,
the hoisting plant over the big shaft.
With the hoisting plant destroyed the
miners beneath the surface would prob
ably have perished miserably.
Last February the union miners in
the. Rawhide went out on strike. After
the strike had proceeded some time
Captain Nevills declared for open-shop
and brought in non-union miners to
take the places of the strikers. Since
then there has been much bitterness
in labor circles in the mountain town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Each won his match to-day in the
Ft mi-final grame. Epan defeating: B. P.
MeKbmieJ the St. Louis champion, 4
vp. 3 to play. It was not until the last
j.ut was holed on the thirty-sixth
preen that the Canadian ex-champion
eliminated from the tourney F. C.
Newton of Seattle. Battling hard for
two rounds, victory appearing to rest
f.rst with the Pacific Coast man and
then with his veteran rival, Xewton
had to succumb to hard luck and lost,
1 down.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23. — The finals to
morrow for the Olympian golf cham
pionship will be contested in real In
t* rnatlonal style by United States Golf
Association Champion H. Chandler
Kgan of Exmoor Aid George S. Lyon
Of Toronto, Canada.
II. Chandler E&an and George S.
Iij-on Will Me«i in Final To-day
at St. Louis.
Infernal Machine Found by
Carpenter Under the Floor
of the Plant's 'Power Room
AMERICAN AND CANADIAN*
IN GOLF CHA3IPIONSIIIP
Fourth race, one and a slxtenth miles, the
Boulevard handicap, three-year-olds and up.
$150O added — Commodore 109, Jack Young 106.
Hilee 104, Taby Tosa 103, Neversuch 95, Orient
93, Footllshts Favorite 93, Pourquoi Pas 90.
Lubln 90. Anne Davis 86. (Pourquoi -Pa« and
Neversuch, Hughes entry: Hilee and Lubln,
Elliott entry: Orient and Davis. Hayes entry.)
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Zinda 105.
Monaco Maid 104. WUlowdene 103, Colonel
White 98, Anadarco 95.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling— Lacy Crawford 113, Mainspring 107,
Burke, Cochran 105, Strader 103. Mildred L.
00, Dolinda 90.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— Potter
108, King*3 Charm 108, Ingolthrift 107, Met
lakatla 107. Aleonquin 104, The Hebrew low,
Major Carpenter 100.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Vertry
110. Miss Manners 110, Tangible 110, Brewer
Schorr 108, One More 100, Jerry Hunt 105,
Frank Collins 102, Atlas 99, Milton Young 83.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 23. — The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Trogon 105,
Essayer 105, Jollier 105, Snow Cap 105, Bom
bino 105. Radium 105, Shortcake 100, Rhyme
and Reason 100. Bird Pond 100, Torlo 100,
Lookaway 100. Bush Smith 10O.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Judge Brady 108, The Eye 108, Hach
meister 108, Ara 108, Bendigo 108, Lady Sel
lers 105, Flying Fire 105, Bavarian 106, Wake
ful 105.
PELSIAR ENTRIES.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Sidney 7 C. Love. 106 (Hild) 3 4 2 11
4 to 1— Eagle, 103 (H. Phillips).. 1 1 «4 2 h
6 to 1— Proceeds. 98 (Crlmmlns) . . 10 8 3 h
Time. 1:49. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. E. G. Stutte's ch. c. by Dr. Rice-Con
stance rv, Gravina, Pentaur, Stolen Moments.
F!exion. Sals, Andrew. Mack, Sir Roche finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongi;
The willow handicap; two-year-old fillies:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — ChrysKls 100 (O'Neil). 12 2 14
20 to 1 — 8 Catallna, 102 (Phlps) 7 4 '.4 2 h
4 to 1— Handzarra, 114 (Htldbd) 3 113 3
Time, 1:07 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. P. Lorlllard's br. f. by Golden Garter-
Aurania. Burnt Hills, Fancy Dress, Princess
Rupert. Wayward Lass. Dorothy Gray, Schula
mite finished as named.
The Empire and other cluba have
spared no expense on their preserves
this year and counted on grand sport
on opening day. How much the storm
will affect the early shooting remains
to be seen.
The patter of the raindrops dur'nj
the past forty-eight hours has sounded
like a dirge in the ears of the sports
men who maintain extensive preserves
for duck shooting. For months past
they have been baiting their frish
water ponds with grain and the mil
lions of ducks have been waxing
fat on it. With the coming of the
rain it is expected the birds will scat
ter to all points of the compass and
will turn up their aristocratic bills at
the artificial feed of the ponds an<t
will, seek the wild celery and other
delicacies upon which they prefer to
feed.
Birds Have Been Unusually Plentiful
and Sportsmen Expected a Great
Opening Day.
HEAVY RAIXFALL SPOILS
DUCK SHOOTING PROSPECTS
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap for all ages:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Adriutha. 102 (Hildbd) 2 5 3 1 h
5 to 2— Hurst Park lit! (Odm) 1 1 2 2 h
13 to 10— Ostrich, 90 "(W. Davis) 4 2 »i 3 ft
Time, -1:54-3-5. ¦ Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. Sanford's b. t. by Clifford-Aranza
II. Colonial Girl. Stonewall. Sonoma Belle,
finished as named.
SIXTH"- RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. ;Horse, Weight, Jockey. . St. % Fin.
Even — Tryon, 92 (H. Anderson).. 4 17 14
5 to 1— St. Agnes II. 92 (Rice)... 5 27 2 8
5 to 1— Imboden, 101 (L. Williams) 2 48 3 1^
Time. 1 :53%. Start good. . Won easily.
Winner. G. Lanka's br. h. (3) by Bassetlaw-
Troyene. Lyrist 100, Ma'mseUe 102, Sister Lil
lian 99. Second Mate 107, Drummond 99. Rye
vale 103, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
maiden two-year-oldB: *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Juvenaga \Hi (Davis).. 1 14 1 10
12 to 1— Hildebrand, 102 (Hldbd) 4 4^21
4 to 1 — Coy Maid, 'J» (Travers) 9 C h 3 1
Time. 1:01 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. Hage's ch. g. by Juvenal -Unadaga.
Limerick, Drone, Confessor. High Life. Chippie
Thorpe Bisque Elegant Indian Star. The
Cl:anticleer,Bill ' Bailey II, Golden Buck, fin
ifihed as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Birdwood. 105 (W.Dugan) 4 12 13
11 to 2— Golden Light,105(D.Aust) 8 S3 2 ns
15 to 1— Yellow Hammer, »3(Rice) 3 4 4 3 3
Time, 1:57. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. and C. Davis & Co.'e br. g. (5) by
The Commoner-Martha Page. Ray 105. Oudon
93, Vuicain -103. Easter Walters 92, Edgardo
90, finished as named,
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
10 to 1— Royal Pirate, 06 (Harris) 4 3^11
0 to 1— Swlftwlng,100 (Mclntyre) 5 2 3 2 3
9 to 5 — St. Blue, 87 (Aubuchon) 2 4 10 3 5
Time. 1:48 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. W. M. Walker's ch. g. (4) by Pirate
of Penzance- Betty Wilson. Plautus 87, The
Way 105. Octo Cafe 01, The Forum 103, Junlus
Roane 92, Jove 107, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth milea;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. - & Fin.
13 to 0 — Sing. Master, 93 (Wilson) 4 2 3 18
4 to 1— Igcacio. llH (McHannon) 6 6 5 2 nk
9 to 2— Marshalsea. 101 (Feicht). 3 1 1 3 ft
Time, 1:47 3-6. Start fair. Won in a can
ter. Winner, W. Jordan's b. g. (3) by Knight
of the Thistle-Songstress. La Chaperone 89,
Longford James 87, Sioux Chief 97, Valelt 98,
Begone 95, Prediction 108, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Loretta AI, 110 (Nicol).. 2 3 2 11
4 to 1 — Moorish Damsel,94 (Wlls) 3 6 2 2 4
13 to 1 — Jade -98 (Shaver) 5 4* 32
Time, 1:00 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. M. H» Tlchenor & Co.'s blk. f. by
Pirate of Penzance-Fertile. Belle Kinney 110,
Martin Doyle 97, Siss Lee 05, Arc Light 08,
Ethel Barrymore 94, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE^ — Six and a haif furlongs; 'all
ages; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 2 — Lord Dlxon, 84$ (Knapp) 13 3 11
9 to C — Nannie Hodge.lOS (Lan). 5 2 4 2 nk
15 to 1— Red Raven, 108 (Davis). 4 4 4 3 8
Time 1:19 4-5. Start good; Won ; driving.
Winner^ T. E. Casein & Co.'s blk. c. (2) by
Sir Dlxon-Repeat. Don Domo 108, Green Gown
83, San Reno 111, Safety Light 107, finished
as named.
THIRD RACE — Mile; three-year-olds; purse:
Betting Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 5 — Woods Perry, 100 (Nicol).. 2 12 12
4 to 1 — Bombardier, 109 (Powell).. 3 3 C 2 2
8 to 5— Wm. Wright, 112 (Troxler) 4 2 % 3 12
Time. 1 :42 1-5. Start gcod. Won easily.
Winner, Turney Bros.' b. g. by Captain Slgs
bee-Feronica General Steward 109, also ran.
¦ SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
old?: selling:
Betfine. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Dragoon. 113 (Larson)... 1 1 nk 1 !j
11 to 2— Comrade, 115 (Davis).... 4 2 2 2 h
20 to 1— Optional. 114 (Shaver).. T 7 5 3 2
Time, 1 :14 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R. A. Smith's br. g. by Artillery-
Princess Noretti. Jehane 108. Ghata 108, Dur
bar 10S. Cardinal Wolsey 120. Bob McLean
119, Miss Melton. 111. finished as named.
Errora Frisk. Wilson. Hurley, Beck, Steel
man <2>. Earned run*-Seatt]e 3. Three-base
hit— ciynf* Home run— Frisk. Sacrifice hit-
Hall. Double plays — Drennanto Steelman.
n^ck to Hurley. Bases on balls — Off Shields l,
off Harttnes 1. Hit by pitched ball— Wilson
?by Hwtlncs). Struck out-By Shields 5. by
Muting* 4. Hlts-Off Iber* 10 (in three in
ningi) off Hastinpi 6 (tn five Innings). Op
ponvnts at bat— Iberg's 20. Hastings' 20 Time
of Kame— One hour and forty minutes. Umpire
—McCarthy. -;•-¦¦ :: '"" --:¦:¦-¦¦-" \-j
SUMMARY.
Seattle 1O7 l2??? X ~iS
Bav« hits 10 » 30111 x— 16
P«5to.d ........ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10-1
Baso hits 100001011—4
Totals 32 1 4 24 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS
SEATTLE, Sept. 23.— Ham Iberg
was knocked out of the lot in the
third inning to-day and Seattle won
handily. Nine hits netted seven tal
lies in the third inning and this did
the business. Hastings finished the
game for Portland. Although he used
a slow ball he heljj Seattle down to
one run and six hits. Umpire Mc-
Carthy and Parke Wilson came close
to mixing it before the game. It was
the result of a little trouble yesterday,
when McCarthy put Parke out of the
game for kicking. Score:
Portland — Seattle —
AB. R.H. P.A.l AB. R. H. P.A.
Dr*an.cf 3 112 1 Van H.cf 4 0 2 4 0
Hur!ey.lb4 0 18 cl.Mohler.2b 5 110 3
Nadaurf 4 0 11 OIBlnknp.rf 4 2 2 10
W«cd.n. 3 0 0 3 3jFrtak.lf. 4 2 2 0
B^ck,3b.. 4 O 0 2 2|I>elPh.3b 5 13 14
Oynikir 4 0 12 0 Mrphy.lb 8 1 2 16 1
Stanley.c 4 O 0 4 0 Hall.fw.. 4 110 3
Btelmn.2b 3 0 0 2 0 Wllson.c. 4 1 1 3 1
Ib*rj?p.. 10 0 0 3 Shlelds.p 5 0 2 11
H«t»pJ_O_OJ|_l Toul8^-^^
Errors— Doyle. Ca>=ey. Van Buren. Leahy.
Struck out— By Keefe 2, by Barber 1. Firwt
base on called balls — By Keefe S. by Barber t.
Wild pitch— Keefe. Hit by pitcher— By Barber
1 Two-base hits— Lynch, Sbeehan. Home
run— Hlldebrand. Sacrifice hits— Nordyke,
Graham. Keefe, Hlldebrand. First ba*e on
rrroTf Tacoma 1 San Francisco 2. Stolen
base*— McLauKhlin. Keefe. Sheehan. Nordyke.
Earned run?— Tacoma 1. San Francisco l^Left
on bases— Taroma 10, San Francisco 12. Double
plav— Nordyke to Eagan. Time of same— One
hour and 55 minute*. Umpire— Tom Brown.
. ._ • T'-J
SIWASIIKS GIVE IBERG HIS.
BTAXDING OF THE CLXJB8.
•
Pacific Coaet League.
W.L.Pct. i W.L.Pct.
Tacoma :« 23 .8S8 Oakland 2G 31 .456
Los Angeles. 29 22 .569 San Kran 25 31 .440
Seattle 31 'M .544 Portland ...2233.400;
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
TACOMA, Sept. 23.— In the hope of.
saving the game, Gorton was sent in
to bat for Gochnauer in the ninth inn
ing to-day, but with two men on bases
he sent up a difficult chance back of
second base which Casey caught, spoil
ing the Seals' chances. The visitors
made a game bid for victory by scor
ing tv.-ice in the eighth after Hilde
brand hit for a home run with none
on bases in the seventh.
Two runs came when Irwin and An
derson hit safely. They advanced on
a wild pitch and scored on Leahy's
hit. The first run came on Barber's
safety, Casey's error, a sacrifice and
an out. Three men were left on bases
in the fourth.
Doyle scored first for the Tigers on
a pass, Eagan's hit and Lynch's two
bagger. The second run came on two
singles, a sacrifice and Leahy's error
at the plate. Two more arrived on
Sheehan's single. Van Buren's error, a
double steal and Lynch's hit. The last
came on a pass, a sacrifice and Shee
han's two-bagger. Barber was wild
but effective at critical times. Eagan
did some star fielding. Score:
San Francisco— Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. PA.
VBrn lb. 5 •• 2 » 0 Doyle.rf. 4 10 2 0
Hldbd.lf. 4 112 0 St.ehn.3b 5 12 3 2
WMrn.cf 5 0 0 2 0 Nrdyk.lb 2 1 0 fl 1
VIeany.rf. 4 0 0 3 0Easan.s. 2 0 14 4
lrwin*.3b. 5 13 2 1 .Lynch.cf. 4 0 2 1 O
Andsn 2b 4 1 2 3 1 iCa."ey,2b. 4 0 12 1
Gochnr.s 4 0 0 1 2'McLhn.lf 3 12 4 0
Leahy.c. 4 0 12 2!r:rahm,c 110 2 0
P.arlwr.p 3 12 0 4'Keefe.p.. 3 0 0 0 4
'Gorton. . 10000
Totals 2S 5 8 27 12
Totals 39 4 11 24 10
•Batted for Gochnaur In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 0 0 10 0 0 12 0—4
Base hits 1 0 12 10 13 2—11
Tacoma 1 0 0 1 2 1 0 0 x— 5
Base hits 1 012 2 110 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Joe was in fairly good shape when he
started to train for the bout, but never
theless, be is working like a trojan, as
he knows he has a hard fight before
him. He was up with the larks yes
terday and took a spin to Corte Madera
and back, a distance of twelve miles,
tocompanied by Kid Sullivan. In the
i fternon Joe punched the bag six
rotxadB, skipped the rope and did some
s-hadow boxing. He weighs 138 pounds.
Trainer McDonald does not wish Joe to
don the mitts, as he is afraid he will
injure his hands.
Hereford wanted Jack Welch to ref
eree, and as there was no reason why
Le should not, he was agreed upon by
all the parties interested-
Hereford is still waiting patiently to
hear from Britt regarding a match
v ith Gans for the championship.
Although the weather was unfavor
able many sporting pen Journeyed to
San Rafael yesterday to see Gans
v.ork out. Gans is slowly rounding
Into form at Billy Shannon's Villa, un
der the watchful eyes of Trainer Billy
McDonald.
ThP Gans-Walcott fight hung in the
balance ail day yesterday and far Into
the r.isht. Manager Hereford repudiat
ed th<* terms made by 'Gans, who was
en th" ground, and by Zick Abrams,
who represented Hereford, and for a
time there v.as a deadlock.
The men agreed to fight at 142
pounds, ringside, while Hereford held
out for 140. Failing to get this con
c'ssi' 1^ he wanted the San Francisco
.Athletic Club to guarantee that there
v ould be 510,000 taken at the door.
While it is conceded that the gate
money will reach a larger sum than
this the club refused to accede to his
demand. The fighters are to receive 50
j'or cent of the gate receipts, of which
60 per cent will ro to the winner. Here
ford will receive an additional 5 per
cent from the club's share as a bonus.
After hours of acrimonious wrangling
Manaser Pierce agreed to have "Wal
cott weigh in at 141 pounds and the
match was cinched.
The other bouts were hard fought
contests, but there was not a knockout
during the evening.
In the first event Mike Kutehos. a 110
pounder, won a hard earned decision
over Ed Levatt. The judges awarded
Ed Mensor the palm in his go with
George Raymond. Dode Needham was
given the decision over Kid Vedo in a
contest where either man could have
been declared winner with satisfaction.
George Sullivan, the heavyweight
boxer, gained the decision over Louis
Balletro after four round/ of hurricane
fighting last night at the Lincoln Club's
exhibition. Sullivan's lead was slight.
He did the leading while Balletro was
willing to lie back and counter. At
the end of the fourth round the house
was in an uproar and both men were
fighting furiously. They presented a
gory appearance when the gong sound
ed. Sullivan used his lert to good ad
vantage. He would rusTi and send it
to the head and body, slowing Balletro
perceptibly at times. Balletro used a
right uppercut, but could not find the
vulnerable spot. The decision was well
received.
Bob Cairns of the Olympic Club wa«
given the verdict over Joe Podesta in*"*
the 140 pound class. Cairns appeared
to have an advantage in weight and
during the first two rounds he punished
Podesta severely. The latter was game
and kept on fighting. When the last
round was reached Cairns appeared to
be willing to stopr
Eddie Carr, a little 120 pounder from
the Brooklyn Club, put up an excel
lent go with Abe Label. Though ha
lost the decision he made Abe pay a
v.holelot of respect to his right hand,
/rhe gd was exciting and both boys
fought each other to a standstill at
several stages of the contest. Label's
crouch seemed to have Carr worried,
as he could not draw him out.
WODLD DESTROY
RAWHIDE MINE
2:13 pace, puree $1000 — Wild Brino Jr. won
the third, fourth and' fifth heats. Time of
fourth and fifth heats, 2:llVi. Lady Bell
Brook won the second heat -In 2:10*4. Don N
won the first heat In 2:0S»i. Billy J. Abrino,
Lyddite. William M, Online Jr.. ilaster Boy.
Marguerite W, Rosewood and Ginger also
started. In the third heat Don N and Lady
Bell Brook finished ahead of Wild Brino Jr..
but were set back for a break at the wire.
The mile was made In 2:0!i, but no time was
given out on account of the beat .award being
made to the third borse. .
* _ .J.
2:09 trot, purse $1500 — Jim Ferris won the
third heat in 2:10, was second In the first and
•econd heats and won the race. Agniola won
the first heat in 2:08Vfi. Snyder McGregor
won the second heat in 2:07»i. The Roman.
Ida Highwood. Palmleaf. Marion Wilkes and
Tuna also started.
2:04 pace, each heat a race, puree $1500 —
Nathan Strauss won three straight heats in
2:W*i, 2:C5& and 2:05U- Laconda. Galla
gher, Little Squaw, John M and Harold H
also started.
AL.L.ENTOWN, Pa., Sept. 23.— Before
10,000 people Prince Alert established a
new half-mile track record by pacing
a mile in 2:03% to-day without a wind
shield at the x Allentown fair races. He
made the same time at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on September 19 last year, but a shield
was then used. The time by quarters:
:29%, 1:00, 1:31, -2:03%. The pacer was
driven by Jack Curry and was paced
by a running horse.
COLUMBUS, 6., Sept. 23.— Favorites
were overthrown in the last day's races
of the Columbus meeting, which was a
record breaker for severe drives and
close finishes. Summary:
2:08. pace three in five, purse $2000. six
heats Thursday — King Direct won the third,
seventh and eighth heats in 2:0$, 2:07 and
2:09%. Black Pet won the fifth and sixth
heats in 2:09 and 2:1014. Larrie Giver won
the first and second heats In 2:09 and 2:07->».
Dr. Madra won the fourth heat in 2: OS.
Plnchem Wilkes, Ben F and Bob also
started.
Goes to Bat for Gocjinauer
With Two on Sacks, but
Produces Only Pop Ely
Repudiates All the Acts of
His Principal and for a
Time .Match Is in Doubt
Bob Cairns Defeats Joe Po
desta, Punishing His Op
ponent Quite Severely
Eight Are Required to De
cide the 2:08 Class at the
Columbus Circuit Meet
HEATS ARE SPLIT UP
BOUTS ALL PROVE FAST
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Woods Perry,
which -won the second and feature
event at Harlem- to-day, was backed
from 9 to 5 to 6 to 5,^ galloped ia front
all the way,' winning easily' by' two
lengths. He was also the only one in
the race which secured a perfect ride.
Nicol wentright'to • the front at the
first turn, and, opening up a gap of
two and a half lengths, held the ad
vantage throughout. The programme
was only an ordinary one and the rac
ing lacked any sensational features.
The track, although .fast, was not at
its best and fast time was. not made
In any of the events. The weather was
perfect during the early part of the
afternoon, but later it clouded up and
rain threatened. Summaries:
. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-old
maidens; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. '% Fin.
18 to 5— Lieut. Rice, 100 (Mcln.) t! 4 h 1 h
11 to 1— Maxnara. 108 (Lareen).. 2 7^21
13 to 1 — Judge Saufley.lOO (Sea.)ll 9 6 3 h
Time, 1:15. Start good.' Won driving. Win
ner, James Arthur's b. c. by Dr. Rice-Bettlna.
Mart Gentry 9U, Annie Alone 103, La Sagitte
105 Fleetwcod 106, Free Booter 114, Eltle M.
07, Clyde O 110, Harum Scarum 111, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Scotch Dance, 95 (Howell) 3 2 1 Ins
4 to 1— Mafalda, 100 (D.AusUn) 5 4 5 2 nk
7 to 5— Just So. 110 (W.Dugan). 4 3 4 3 2
Time, 1:19&. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. Cole & Co.'b ch. c. (3) by Guldo-
Mazurka. Kin? Rose 106, Landsdown 95, fin
ished - aa named.
THIRD RACE — Six . furlongs; three-year
olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— Felix Mozzes. 107 (Youn) 7 1 nk In
4 to 1— Tom Howe, 104 (D. Aus) C 2 XVa 2 4
20 to 1 — Fenian. 104 (Gullet) ..... 2 34 310
Time, 1:20. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner J. P. Banahan'a b. c. by St. Fellx-
Anona. 'Walnut Hill 104, Mohave 107, Resjion
sive 104, Bountiful 104, J. P. Maybeny 107,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting:." -Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Jungle Imp, 104 (Seder)... 1 13 14
2 to 1 — Lono Wolf, 9S (H. Anderson) 3 3 2 2 3
8 to 1— McJetta, 85 (L. Williams).. 4 2 3 3 1
Time; 1:13. Start good.' Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. J. B. ' Brannon's b. c. by Pirate
of Penzance- Marmora.. Courant 100, Freven
tatlve 103, Leila Hunter 95, Captain Brolaski
100, MabelSlmms 103, Mell wood 103. finished
as named. ¦ . ,
Time, l:iy}&. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. L. B. Gillett's b. g. by The
Reaper- Little Kate, j Funnette 07, Flori 97,
Albertola 97, Modoc 97, Orla 97. Dan McCue
10::, . Arthur 105. Ida Hall 97. finished as
named. , .
• FIKST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 1— Bob Curt. \>T (Seder). . .8 1 6 : 1 1&
S to 1— Turrando, OT (L. Will). 10 47 2 5
30 to 1— Sweet Note, 102 (Gullet) 9 3 3 3 8
:STV LOUIS," Sept. 23.— Tryon, in the
closing race to-day, was the only win
ning favorite on the card, well played
choices beating out the form selections
in every other event. The weather was
clear and the track heavy. Attendance
4000. Summary:
GORTON MISSES CHANCE
UEKEFOHD MAKESTEKMS
The time for nine furlongs * was
1:54 3-5, not fast time, .but this was due
to the absence of a' paAmaker, as.
Hurst Park is not the sort of a horse
to make his own running. Ostrich
would have won but for his poor start
and his bad luck in being carried wide.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — About six furlongs; handi
cap for mares of all ages:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 6— Lady Amella.lSo (Rdfn) 4 12 1 V%
6 to 1 — Ancestor 93 (Hildebrnd) 2 2 12 2
10 to 1— Ascension, 115 (O'Neill) 9 5 2 3 ?i
Time. 1:10. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, E. R. Thomas' br. t. by Ben Brush -La
Celonia. Teacress, Witchcraft, Belle of Port
land. Kaplan, Shipshape. Stamping Ground,
Flying: Ship, finished aa named.
GRAVESEND, Sept. 23.— The closest
finish of the current meeting at Graves
end was seen to-day in the nine-fur
long handicap, the third race on the
card. - Top * weight was- carried by Co
lonial Girl, winner of the World's Fair
handicap at St. Louis and of. the Om
nium handicap at Sheepshead Bay.
This mare, ..which was handicapped at
ninety-seven pounds when she. defeat
ed Hermis at St. Louis and at 107
pounds In ' the Omnium, is tc\day re
quired by handicappers to take up 122
pounds. ' •,
She was poorly ridden by pooker, the
pace' being set by Hurst Park. Ostrich
pressed him closely, but as Hurst Park
gwung wide he carried Ostrich out and
thus enabled Adriutha, John Sanford's
clever daughter of Clifford, to come on
next the rail, thereby, gaining some
ground. The finish was a most exciting
one. Hurst "Park waa in the center of
the course, with Ostrich on his right
and Adriutha on the outside. The lat
ter received the verdict, while not more
than a length and j a half away was
Colonial Girl, which lost no friends by
her defeat. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Uncle Drops Fourth Straight
Game After Making Great
Fight in Every Inning
The Barbadoes Wonder Will
Scale One Hundred and
Forty-One Pounds Ringside
Establishes a New Record on
Allentown Half Mile Track
- Without a Wind Shield
The Victor Does All the
Leading While the Loser
Is Content to Counter
Woods Jerry, Undeiva .Per
fect Ride, Wiiis the Har- ¦
lein Feature." "s
Tryon Is the Only Winning
Favorite in the Races
at-Delmar.
Colonial Girl, Carrying Top
Weight, Miiislies a Close
Fourth. ,
JOHN SANFORD'S ADRIUTHA IS FIRST
IN THE HANDICAP AT GRAVESEND
WALCOTT AGREES
TO DO A LOWER
WEIGHT FOR GANS
TIGERS SUSTAIN
ONWARD STRIDE
AFTER THE FLAG
PRINCE ALERT
PACES A FAST
MILE UNAIDED
SULLIVAN BEATS
BALLETRO AFTER
EXCITING FIGHT
OXERS GANS AND WALCOTT AGREE UPON JACK WELCH FOR REFEREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
ST LO17IS, S«pt. 23.— Fire In the Christian
Pepper Tobacco Company's factory to-day re
mitted in the destruction of practically all the
stock, damaged the building and endangered
Uw. lives or the BOO employes. :
11
FREE FREE FREE
A two-pound package of
PILLSBURVS VITOS
Tlie choicest product of tlie best
wheat In tlie world.
Made by tHe millers or PIlIs-
bury's Best Flonr.
A Kinjrlo parkajre will produce
VI pounds o r delicious food.
FREE WITH WAVT ADS.
See announcement on classified
ADVTIRTISEMEyrS.
Sour Stomach
"I u»ed Cssesrets »nd real like anew man. Ihsr*
been a sufferer from dyspepsia sad lour stomaefc
for th« l»«t two ye»rs. I h»»e bjen taUnt medi-
cine end other druzs, but could find no relief only
for a short time. I will recommend Cuctnti to
my friends »s the only thing for indigestion and
¦oar ttomaeh and to keep the bowels in good con-
dition. They ar» Tery nice to eat."
Harry StucUey. Maach Chank. Pa.
mm %\ "^ E9 ttu _ B.. ( .| A
jbi JbJ I mO D0W6I3
' CAN0Y CATHARTIC
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Ta«t« eood^Sao*.
Nerar Siekon. Weaken or Grip*. lOo. »:.*•«• » VV
sold in bulk. The g«nuin« tabta* «tamp«d CCC
Guaranteed to cure or jour money baek.
. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 5»
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
kuSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ \fjT The Latent Aulmiul Muotwb ta t»« \
A _7ntL_ V.»r,d. WcaJcaesao «• aa* twmM4 Q
A fltg/A OB. JORDAN-D'SEASES CF ME* d
\ y*ffiftH Cojuultinea free icd kiVUt prnrt \
D I trt^U Tr»*rm;nt p*r»3iu')r ef br If t*r. A A
r f nrng /hum Cur»our«nre»3€innler:»!ie«. T
A ¥. a ilA Wntefer s«k. rBH.«»«P«ir •! i
V* 1 II™ HAM ml ask. maivro rsu. (jlX
\ A H ra'uahl* book (at mro) \
Q DO. J«»BO A> A CO.. K»l M*r*«t»t..«. T. V
f^<^>^y/^^^^'^».^^^^V^>^^ >^aV^>
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
\ O129 KEABXT ST. Kstabllshed
%iti 1*34 for tiae treatment of frlvato
1 DUwttAv*. I^>»t Manaood. Debility or
jL.iis^as- wenring'in body and mind aud
ISktaWii"** Tl/e Doctor cures when
Snth?r» fail. Try him. *' b f, r *'l^
eiBBOS. baa rrancUeo, Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 190*.
12
BTJSIKTES3 CHAWCES— -Contlnned. _
A^CAMEROlTTcO. Phone South 106U
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR eale — Well furnished B-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; comDletely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own pas: toilets, closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to »ro East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR fale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city in Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately: fine preposition; has the butter
business of the town; extensive Interest* else-
where only reason for sailing; books open for
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. /
FOR sale or trade^ — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from' city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished:
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease: sublets for. $100 every Sun-
flay; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale— Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more than
S / k f. d: bl|r enap at *1«X); sickness.
& . CO..
FOR Fale— Several good business, propositions
for Investors, such as first-class* laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to Ziave
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy 6t.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate
Saoi?* < fe h ca;?a > E J da > y"il c '' *"""*'• CAMl
CANDY and Icecream store for sale; 3 fur-
nished rooms; - no reasonable - offer refused.
ho\ r OUrth St. •> .
WANTED— Party- who understands bay and
river freighting: will start you in business-
no capital required. Box 1509. Call office.
SMALL bookbindery for sale; city. Box-169".
Call office. •<•. . • ¦ - .
SALOON for sale— Cheap. ' B35 Howard , st.
WANT to rent or buy a bakery in city or
country. Address 017 Jefferson st.. Oakland.
"aSSUrf o'a^and^ g0Od '*»«-:¦ -83S
FOR sale— Restaurant; good location. 8220
Fulton st. - • ¦ .• r
At SALOON and cigar stand, well located-
terms reasonable. 997 Market st.. room 104.'
CORNER saloon for sale. 146 Stelner st.
DELICACY and grocery gtor» for sale. 2031
Sixteenth st. ; no agents. •
STATIONERY and book store; business sec-
Uon; full stock. HEDGES, 609 Parrott bldg.
DELICATESSEN store wanted. Address box
FINE grocery and bar In the Mission for sale.
Box 1142. Call office.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
gQB SAI.E.
H. C. BECKER Phone Jones 531
906 MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
• His success In selling homes over 28 years
In San Francisco is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers, i See him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture | 300
00 rooms; Market Ft. ; only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister 6t.; . flat. .: 450
36 rooms;. downtown; reduced to 1100
a rooms; fine piano;- on Sutter st 400
18-room house; new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day: best. offer takes It. ¦ .
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised
6 to 460 rooms; prices $50 to $40,000
H. C. DECKER; 006 Market St..' cor. Stockton.'
THE CALL
joh\ D. SPRKCKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
jroilX McX AUGHT. . . . . . v _. Manager
W. J. SIARTIX Huslncss Manager
TELEPHONE.
A'k for THK CALL. The Operator Will Con-
*n»>ci Ycu W:tb the Department You Wish.
publication Office Market and Third. B. F.
KJitcritl Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
I>;iverrd by Carriers. 20 Ct». Per Week, 75
ru-. P^r Monih. Pinsle Cop:<*s 5 Cts.
Tttts by Mall, Including Postage (Cash \V:th
Order):
PULY CALL (:r.e!u.i. Bandar), 1 year...$s.00
IiAII.V CALL <ir.clu<!. Sunday). 0 mos... 4.00
I>AILY CALL— Bf Month 75c
J-rNPAY O.ML. 1 Ywir 2 50
CIXEKLT CALL. 1 Year 100
„„ ,-,_». r Daily... $S. SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN .; Bonday. 4. 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [Weekly. 100 Prr Year Extra
ALL rOfciTMASTEKS AF.E AUTHORIZED
to p.ncEivr: ?vepcriptions.
Eairpie C^ri's will be forwarded when re-
v <jupsted.
l!a!I subscribers in cr-iering char.ee o? ad-
£r«s fhould be sa -titular to give both NBW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
j-rompt ar.d correct compliance with their re-
<;u*et.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
EKP.KELEY OFFICE:
2!48 Crr.tfr Btrad Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUTL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Wa.Tiiorf-Af.cria Hot*!; A. Brentano, 31
Union Squar*; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
H'-t«-l ani Ilrffrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrcan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Vremont House; Auditorium
Hci'l: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KF.OOXESS, Marquette Building.
tljcvg Distance T<>l<»phone. '-Central 2tJ19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEriiKN E. SMITH :>0 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. C AT5LTO.V Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclsro Call,
ocrrui Market end Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the y«ar.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOfS Market etr**t, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. n.
6^7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
i'.'id p. m.
£<"t Hayes street: oren until 9:30 p. m.
(39 McAllister Ftrf^t: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkii. j-treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3:<41 MlastMi street; open until 10 p. m.
l<Xi Eleventh street : or^n until 9 p. m.
t<'.'< Vj'^Tjrin street: open until 9 p. m.
Nortfc^ai-i uumei Church and Duncan streets;
open uriil '.' ••. m.
£2OO Fii'.ir.cre tlro't; open until 9 p. m.
CHtJKCH SERVICES.
FIP.fT United Presbyterian Church, corner
Gctdcn Gat* avenue and Polk street — Prearh-
irs to-morrow. Sal.bath, Et 31 a. m. and 7:30
l>. in. by the pa.*tor, H. H. Bell. D. D.
Morning Inezne, "¦Urifting"; evening th«me,
"'^:n>rna bvA Erh^fus" uh'.rd lecture on
Oriental trip); Babbatn FChool, 9:45 a. m.;
C. E. s-_*:ietU s= at f.:30 ar.d 6:30 p. m.:
Ftrar.gf>rs cordially invited to all services:
P*wf fr«»e: courteous ushers; come and bring
y-ur fri»-ntls.
ttTETINCr NOTICES.
PAf-T MASTERS' Association cf Call- «»
fornia. F. &.- A. U. Regular monthly A
ni**linE THIS 'SATURDAY) EVEN- AJV
IXG at * o clock. Dy orJer of the VVrJ?
Pr^l'lent. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. &• A. _,
M. THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- O^
NOON at 2 o'clock, third degree. By /^^
crder of tht- Master. '
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
rXCELSIOR lyogree Lodge No. 2. ..**,-*,.
I. O. ¦_• K. — Regular vr.^t ':r:g ¦^j^SS^'"-p
THIS (SATURDAY) LIVENING.^*KJj355*3i
p CHARLES J. THELAN, D. M.
NOTICE — Tiij> Officers and mern^ .****.,.
b*-rs- of Amity R<=bpka>i Lodge -#IijCBc£5fc.
N*' '•'. T O O. IV. will r>». m -i<2S?5.}
b!« *t 1613 Scott Ftrcet. fit 12:30 "" 5 *?K!^*"
SUNDAY. S«>rt. 25. to attend the funeral
of our late sister. MINNIE T HELEN. By
©rrter cf IDA M. IRVING. Noble Grand.
_ AyyA KNIPPKNBERG. Bee. Secretary.
ri'JENE V. DEBS cpfaks to-night. Wood^
wtrt's Pavilion; **-e theatrical column.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
'?lved application to mine by hydraulic
;toccfs from J. F. Cowdery, in Elide mine,
rtii tt. Lcviif, f ierra County. Cal., draining
Into Sacket* Gulch and Slate Creek, which
readies Yuba River, gives notice that a
trif-rtins to receive any protests will be held
«t room 96. Flood building. San Francisco,
( '«1. Oct. 3. 19c>4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
nXPEHIENCED canvassers, $6 to $0 day. 1114
'Wa»>h:ny*on ft.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 1*2* a.m.
fi.- W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
• Cth a-Kx; entrance room <J11; established 20
year*; *H courts, general court and office
practice; no fep in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free on all Irga! matters; divorces a
*r>ecialty; privatp. quick; no pay in advance;
minlrg- companies organized; patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick, quiet.
Afivice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
1005 Mnrket St.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
¦ AA ~ 3 ? ivorv< ' ;< "'* =t * $12: quick, quirt; advice free;
a'A law l'-jsine!»F: no cfcarpe unless euccess-
«ful; open pv«r.lr.ga. 1)27 Market St., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; a'.l law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market St.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet;
all law J.uftin<T£s; no chars* unless suceess-
fu!; epe-r. evenings. »f27 Market, room 204.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law and Collection
_ Agency, j^>om_S3 1 J)lCJ.Iarket: tel. Jchn <C26.
PATENTS. American and foreign! SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine «t., Cth floor.
I* S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 001; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
COLLECTIONS, tenants ejected, mechanic's
l>ns.rror>at*.Attorary.c;2 Market st..room 23.
_ATTTO1OOBXI.£S.
LOCOMOBILE. 10-hcrsepow^ri 2 seats^ In
r'<d running order. Cail 473 Valencia st.
ASTHMA CUttE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly^
:0c. 25c. 50c 1*02 Market. St. Nicholas)
alto V lEhart, 10th ar.d Washington. Oakland.
- BISDS. DOGS, ETC.
HART/. Mountain canart** & A Trie* p. gray DaT-
rotf. just received. A. C RobUon. 335 Kearny. '
CARPrT BEATI33Tg A 3fP CI-EATTrgQ.
COMPP.CSSED Air and Vacuum Process used
lor cleanlrg carpets on flsor without removal •
carets Jir.d rue* also cleaned by compressed
tir at tticp; prices moderate. S. F. Ccm-
preeMd Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market st •
phor.t 3 M£ln 152 end Bush 473. ' |
WHEN you become, disgusted with your work '
M-nd for EPA ULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. iDg ' p ' orka - "5S-S57 Tchama tt. Tel. South 40.
V.nSTTRN Carpet Oaring Works, lWlUr"-
rison 6t.; Al cleanlr.c. 3c. FRED HAGE-
_UOKN_& COj _phcne_MlMlcn 225. " AUi -
MITCHELL'S. 2*0 Fourteenth" et~— Firet-class
carpet citanir.g. 2c yard. Tel. MSstlon 74.
CCNKLTN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
Z'£i Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS. ;excel!f nt carpet beatln-- mat
tregyes made over. Ii32 Howard ;tcl.8outh 21S
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter *? •
tel. Main C9i. GEO. WALCOM '& CO.. Preps!
RUDOLPH & CO.. oarpct-beiting works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ;tel.Ml8gion 2«3.
CI.OTHHT& aS2roVAT^ggi_____
SUITS cleaned and pre:«ed. 51; jwouring and
dyojKC. Bon Marche. Kxaminer bid*., r. 410;
lilione Drtimm 44. Call for and deliver free!
L'/I" tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Co!l«?ctlon Co.. 415
MoEtsomery tt.. rooms 3-10. Tel. Main t55>0. |
BUSZVSSS jCBAXrCES.
A— SlCCof COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles
lror.i this city; 39 bMs, r>0 boarders, fine
j barroom with rood trade; close to depot, in
• -lively businet-s town; t>lace making money;
owner to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2»i».i Kearny *>t.
A— ?^5wt; MANUFACTURING business; rent
?.*>0; the b«-st op:niisg-for a trade on this
toast; rare and good chance.- See R. G.
WILKE. 2tJ^i Kearny st.
A— $1400; HALF Interest in one of the best
paying saloons In this city: place established
years and rr.akinc money; retiring; partner
to k-ave California. See R. G. WILKE, 28Vj
Kearny' st.
A— $650; CORNER saloon, with 5 years' lease;
very best location and a good-paying busl-
ne?s. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny st.
A— $900; COMMISSION business; established
many y^arr; rent $S0; best location: Investi-
gate; this Is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 2O',4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location In the Mls-
Fion; rent $45; all store trade; baking 1^
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooms, gee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouee; oppo-
eite carhouse; rent $16; a good-paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— $900; BOARDING and rooming house; 80
rooms; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; good
paying and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $25<X>; HOTEL, with 27 furnished rooms,
across the by; 5 years' lease; rent $.75; busi-
ness first claw, paying: finest location In
goo<j business town. R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny *t.
A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth sL: rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. Bee R. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kearny st.
A— $12:0; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; daily re-
ceipts about $35: business clears from $150 '
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi
Kearny st.
A— $1200; CORKER saloon on Folsom St.; ren
$26: place doing a first-class paying bust-
ne>E. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years; dally
receipts $50; baking 3^ barrels day ;very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.2t5Vi Kearny.
$2000— BARBER shop: 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, including 7 rooms: located In the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26',j Kearny st.
A— $750: DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy procery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; b^st location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon: about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 26Va Kearny st.
A— $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
St.; 4 H -year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
rantly fitted up and never clearlnr less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2«H
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 6-year leaee. See R. G.
WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A — 5C5OO; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
Bt. ; rent $00: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2S0O; a w»ll established and
firsi-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26' j Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER Falocn with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
snd sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26'.J Kearny st.
A — SKOO: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Funuay work. R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny.
A— $35<X»; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. \-lclnlty of
California: r!a<y> must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. . See R. G.
WILKE. 2»Hi Kearny et.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
EEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market St..
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 8468.
$2500 — THE best restaurant and cafe In a live
city near San Francisco: well established -
doing a fine business; large and small dining-
rooms, fitted up in grand style; rent only
$53 per month; am compelled to sell on ac-
count of health.
J. W. JAQU7TH.
1312 Market Et.
Rooms 418-419. Tel Folsom 3468.
FOR sale st a sacrifice snd agreeable terms,
or to lease for 8 or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort. 27 rooms-
several mineral springs on It; old age the
csuse. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. H0PP1N S SPRING. BarUett Springs
Lake County. Cal.
$000 — Restaurant, north Market, nr. Kearny-
stand lnves.; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny.'
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1COO— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run-
rent $50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny.
$40<X> — ONE of the nicest and best paying gen-
eral merchandise and fancy goods stores In San
Francisco; full amount Invested; established
17 years: long leaee; low rent; transfer cor-
ner; pood reasons for disposal. J. C. SCOTT,
box 12S5, Call office.
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE,
located at 911 Broadway, bet. 8th and 9th
ft.«.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc,
is for eale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED— Hustltr with ability to sell candy
on salary; $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operativ- corporation under California laws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh St.. Oakland ;branch San Francisco
ATTENTION, BUYERS.
Newly furnished transient house; full;
liquor license; 5 years' lease; new building;
clears fSOO monthly. A. STENBERG. 759
Market et.
A COMPETENT business nun with $2500 as
secretary of a substantial company; can clear
$5000 a year; <hl« will bear closest Investiga-
tion; money fully secured. 436 Crossley bid.
$S50 — FOR sale, book and stationery, stock,
counters and showcases; agency Call, Chron-
icle. Bulletin; growing country town; thickly
settled country: will pay to Invest additional
capital. Address box 1721, Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale In Sacramento; doing
niceiy and a good trade established for sev-
eral years; everything In first-class order;
will sell reasonable. Address, for particulars,
box 841. Call office.
I AM assisting In raising money for the clean-
est cut. most promising mining enterprise
that I have ever known or heard of. A F
HARASZTHY. S22 Crogsley bldg., S. T?'.
A RESTAURANT, partly furnished; Junction 3
lines; CIO Stanyan St.. opp. park; rent $15;
pood bus.; living rm; suit man, wife. Apply
there.
WILL sell' or exchange established manufac-
turing drug business with patent trade
marks: retiring from business. THE F. A,
WECK CO., 156 New Montgomery st.
$500 — CANDY etore. factory and Icecream buel-
nese: good country town; good reason for
telling. Address MRS. J. COFFANEY,
Pleasanton. Cal.
GOOD-paylcg, well-established hardware store;
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
sickness; only $8250; will take half city real
tstate. Box 131M. Call office.
FOR sale— Wholesale and retail wine and
liquor business: downtown; price $2250. N.
FKLDTMAN. 328 Grant ave.
CHANCE to buy In In a first-class manafac- '
turing business with a salaried office for
$5000. Box 1913. Call office.
BOOK etore: $1500 cash; fine location; value
fully In sight; living rooms in rear. Box
1410. Call office. Oakland. I
CIGAR stand. Oakland, on popular corner; re-
ceipts $30 per day; small expense. See owner '
corner San Pablo ave. and Fifteenth st.
A PROSPEROUS florist business at half Its -
valur; 11 years In came place. Address box '
1893. Call office. .
WANTED — Party with some capital to In- !
vest in Angora goats; have plenty of good !
forage. Dairy. 1434 Howard St.. S. F. !
FIRST-CLASS corner ' saloon; best location; '
loni lease; owner must leave the. city; no
agents. Inquire saloon. 398 Ninth st.
$5000 FOR nnberdaEhery; nice store and a
No. 1 location; cell and Inspect. MORAN & •
SWAIN, Berkeley Station.
DRY goods and notion store; good paying
business: reason, death. 640 Third st.* I .
Z REE=A Two Pound Bliiillilllil Vitos— A Sinofe Padaoe
CI.AIBVOYA JTTS— Contlnned.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The sreat — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere— Ths
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant in the world; tells your
name, what you called for. whom and when
ycu will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
is different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
beyond ordinary understanding,, things that
seem impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future: he tells you just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
Interests in any matter; he awakens a natural
force within and around you. giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble.
Influence, unhappiness, disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; hs opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions.
habits or intentions of any one. even miles
away; remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; If affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you. he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
3 offices lOOTVi Market st. S offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous S5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name and
what you. want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; !n fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant ths
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 3
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.. 328.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; the reads your life correctly", giv»s an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the tuturc; If you are In trouble.
discontented cr not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult tMs great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednea-
day evening. 6 to «. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. & palm.
I correctly treat your love domeetic
troubles, bus. and financial Success; names-
-XL.. 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.*
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card
reader: recdlngs 25c: 2 to 0 p. m. 512 Jessie.
PALMISTRY, card reading. MISS L. KAHN-
TUS. 704'i Larkln: 10 a. m., 0 p. m.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chelro. reveals facts
that will astonish you. 47SA Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is row at 317 Ellis st.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot^break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2« Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.1 Market.nr.Elereath
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2::8 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up;fllUngs.23c.
GOLD fillings 75c; sliver. 35c; crowns $2; no
•paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Oeary
at. to 5S0 Geary st.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r 14 1st
fioor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
'ALL work guaranteed by th« New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 860 Mlsslon.cor. 6th.
DSESSMAKEBS AITD
F1NKELSTEIN. 410 Ellis— Ladles' UUoTsuits
to order; on lnstallm'ts If desired } rcas; call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
. Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating Stew,
art's, button & buttonhole factory.liOTaylor.
EDTJCATIOgrAIi.
A BIGGER sch^rthliTever OnJun«l«
A-THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical I col-
leges; rrfs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerscn School of Acting gives
more performances and secures » or « *?* a *!l
ments for .tn.lents than all other ™«t« «*
schools: special «ummer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, .rpirg; $5 month: »'«4^Iar££
$50: positions secured, day, eve. <23 Marnet.
A-CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions t<> equates. Pit
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 nxx
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. BVMh* sur-
vey, assay, tyanlde; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
ger Nalll-n School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal^
CLASSES In short story writing and i°* n **'
l*m meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. - T>- . m- .
333 rhelan hldg.: terms very reaaonADi*.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL. 602 Van Ness
ave.; poeltlons secured. R. H. Webster. Pr»s.
A-GALLAGIIER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogns.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of P'* n ®S
. beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, ear. 20-
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per tao.1
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halgnt st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SPANISH, Frwich.ite.Prof.Da Fll'.ppe'sAcademy
cf ianguagea.lOl* Post; est. 1871 :ablgst profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by ma II and p«r-
sonally. Mias M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg-my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Dav and
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine et. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
Individual Instruc: all branches: day, eve.
WFSTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.: prlvata
CALIFORNIA Business College. 823 Goiden
Gato av«».. S. F. : 7S-rar» catalog on request
EMPlOYMTlCTJIPnraS.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offle*
supplies beat help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japarteso-
Chinese help. 423 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon S^ung'g. 4im O'Farrell: tel. East 42*.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl,mgr..tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. V> years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENTWAWTEJ— 'J^jHi^U^
A REFINED young colored girl would 'Iks »
position as nurse for children. Apply 1008
Clay st. -..•^¦'
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel or restaurant, city or country. X-*
Mason st. : phone Black 2396^
A FINNISH girl wants a position to do second!
work or assist In general housework. Pleas*
call at Cott Forty-first st.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a good, reliable Ger-
man girl In small family; general house-
work; plain cooking; good wages: send no
postals cards; a stranger from th» East.
Call at 320 Fourteenth st.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman.
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress: guaran-
tee satisfaction; $1 25 snd carfare. 139
Fourth St.. first flight, rcom 24.
LADY with child 9 years wishes position as
housekeeper: If small infant there preferred:
fully experienced in nursing children. 800
Hampshire st.
CHILDREN'S plain sewing neatly done, reas-
onable prices; lace curtains laundered. 35c up.
Phone Folsom 922; 26 Dor* at., between
Ninth and Tenth and Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG lady, good amanuensis. seeks en-
gagement, or would take small salary to
learn business in wholesale warehouse. Box
1S57. Call office. *
AN elderly lady wishes a position as house-
keeper : city or country. 136 Fifth St.. bet.
Mission tfnd Howard.
BY refined young lady, position as companion
to elderly lady: city or country; highest per-
sonal references. Address box 1431. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation;
cooking and general housework. Address
2223 Post st.
EXPERIENCED candy and lc» craaxn sales-
lady wishes position In candy stors. Boa
1836. Call office.
COMPETENT, experienced nursegtrt wants a
position. Apply 4 Dodge st. off Turk, sea*
Larkln.
GERMAN lady wishes to do plain sswtn* br
the day: $1 and carfare. Address box 1522.
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
home; satisfaction guaranteed. Addrsaa
MRS. YAGER. 28 »i Moss st.
RELIABLE Canadian woman wishes place as
housekeeper or housework. In small family.
Call 229 Franklin st.
DRESSMAKER: expert designer; terms $3 p«*
day. Phone Sutter 2344.
WANTED— A position as hairdresser. » Roa-
coa st.
WOMAN wants work by ths days wasaln*.
cleaning, etc 821 Valencia st.
A GOOD sewer would Uk» to go out by thm
day as helper for dressmaker. Box 1315. Call.
WANTED — Copying or typewriting at aom*.
Box 1468. Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing by the day. lrtitr»s«
Seamstress, 544 Jessie st.
WANTED, by a respectable woman, wuilat
by half day. Call 8275 Harrison st.
AUSTRIAN girl wants position: house of
chamber work. 3017 Twentieth st. >
JAPANESE woma/i desires position at house-
work or kitchen help. K. IMAI. 1338 Cali-
fornia st.
JAPANESE woman wants position as plain
cook and housework in ths city. Address
MRS. NGBU. 4 Carlos place.
JAPANESE jttrl wants position as cook and
do housework. K. F.. 539 Stevenson st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaten' a Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
? EMPiiOxTCTarr wahtct — male.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper, experienced In hotel
and saloon, also wife as waitress or cham-
bermaid, wish situations; separate or to-
rether; first-class. See J. F. CROSETT Jk
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS kitchen and dining-room
steward, was manager of first- class summer
resort this eeajen, wishes engagement by
Oct 1. ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton «t.; phone
Main 1304.
'YOUNG man. 20 years old. 4 years* experience
• first-class hotels, knowledge French, Ger-
man. English, wants office position in hots!
Address MARTIN J. DUTTBERND, 1023
Jarkson st. .-.
A. GOOD salesman with seven years* experi-
ence wants position; an Al worker. Box 1729
Call office.
DRUG — Pharmacy student desires position;
intelligent; wages small. Box 1914. Call.
YOUNG man (Swiss). Ju»t arrived, wishes any
kind Of employment; city or country Ad-
dress A. SCHWERZMANN. Hurnboldt
House, 1309 Stockton St.. S. F.
BY young man; S years' experience as ma-
chinist. 4 years as commercial traveler- de-
sirable position. Adress Traveler box 1>«JiS.
Call office. • ' "^
A MIDDLE-AGED man. has exoerlence with
Incubator ar.d raising chickens, 1 9 handy
gox^gcan'Snce" 0 * On «*"*«" ™^
AN. expert mining manager of considerable ex-
perience in America. New Zealand and Aus-
tralia, wishts engagement; excellent 'estl-
monlals: state salary. Box 1S57. Call. *
A CROCERY cierk and bartender German
middle-aged and singie. wishes * giTuaUon!
• first-class references. W. BOHL1NG 417
Koarny sf_ *7
STEADY, reliable younu man. 23. exD-rienced
bookkeeper, desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant: Al references: your Interest Is my
Interest: wages low to Vein. Box 1519. Call.
Bex lilO. Call offlca. .<
Z.ODGIITQ-HOUSE8 FOB BAMS — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses,/ Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chance*.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $40 per month; $400' down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
S3 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for. full particulars; only with us.
00-room, new modern 2 and '3 room apart-
.ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and crood running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; -grand, new, modern . apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rentj-flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
82 rooms: cheap rent: . 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 -per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city.
7-room. modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and ' elegantly furnished; on
Sutter: paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars...
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, .modern house:
electric lights, bells and. elevator; | all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
llfetlms to get first-class house that is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an. estate; make
offer; exclusively with us. "
30 rooms; newly, furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.- .. : ;
9-room flat; rent only $50; .water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber. 5; price $400.
128. rooms; cheap rent; long lease;. 'first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well ' furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month ;• must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alamedaor Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city. . ¦
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 "per month;
must leave city; make an offer. i ,
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished: close in: full first-class people;
clearing, a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an 'up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine, proposition;
good lease.
16. rooms: rent $05; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make otter.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to- $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AT a sacrifice; must raise money; house of 12
rooms; all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains In lodging-houses and real estste;
nothing misrepresented.' San Francisco Credit
Co.. IP Turk st.; phone Mint 74L .
; MITCHELL ft CO V
1200 Market st...........:Phone Jessie 20S1.
Rooming and apartment house?, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers;titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
BARGAIN— 22 r.; fine location: full and pay-
ing over $100 mo.; a bargain: owner to retire
account slcknesw and old age; price $1400;
. easiest terms. Bex 1131. Call: .:
$450— A LODGING-HOUSE, 23 rooms, for sale:
sacrifice; good cause for selling; must sell at
once. . 231 Second st. . • ,.- tf
$550 — WELL furnished house of, 8 rooms. Call
. from X to 5 n. m- 143 Sixth st.
I.ODGIITG-HOP3ES FOB BALE — Con; ,
• MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
sale. We furnish abstracts fre e and guar-
anteo titles. !
YOU want a bargain now, don't you?
Come and eee a 14-room house on
sunny side, central) respectable;
rent $4 per room; profit $35 monthly;
price $550; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER must leave city; ~~
20 rooms near center of city: worth
$3000; will take $1500; lease if desired;
furnished 10 months. MARION GRIFFIN.
A GIFT— $500 takes a 20 room, north of Mar-
,ket house; rent $30. MARION GRIFFIN
will put you in possession.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by MARION GRIFFIN
a 27-room house in central location;
always full of high-priced roomers and
clearing $197 monthly: quiet. tr-uuLiit;
owners leaving on urgent business.
FIFTEEN unfurnished. 13 UNFURNISHED
Price $1200 now; was $2600; 39 rooms:
some apartments: mostly men roomers; in 24
rooms are good furnishings; sickne?s causes
sale; some one will snap it up quick;
no dark rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS. ' "THE FINEST."
We invite you to inspect a new
and modern building on Sutter st.. furnished
most beautifully in mahogany and weathered
oak, velvet and Axminster carpets: fine
hangings. Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
0 BOOMS on Sutter st., near Leavenworth;
$450; part cash and little payments,
monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
PRICE $1500. * • $1500.
Only $35 per month rent for 24 rooms;
full of roomers; near Van Ness and Mark*t.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MOST elegantly furnished 7-room flat in this
city; highly polished oak; fine beds:
extra fine hangings; near Bush and Jones;
modern fiat; all conveniences.
" MARION GRIFFIN.
' 40ti Hearst building. «
SPIBITTJAMSM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and Ufa reader. St.
Kathryn, 4S0 Ellis St., corner Leavenworth,
room 221; no signs.
M. MARIE HART, successful medium; magic
work a specialty; parlors 332 Eddy st.; hours
0 to 5; no sign.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance Sunday 1 p. m.; $1. 1081 Bush st.
DEAD — Trance medium; genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis St.
C.MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mail $1.
356S17th st,, San Francisco; tel. Capp S56.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium; readings this week
25c. 60c: clr. Mon.. Frl.. 8 p. m. 1235 Market.
CLAlItVOTAHTS.
A— PROF. MAYO,
The Greatest Living Adviser on' the
Continent
Special this week full-life readings,$l; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
glance, before you have a chance to utter on*
word, he will tell you what you came for; give
namo, dates, i'acts and figures; he tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain succes3 In
love, courtship, marriage and divorce; whether
you will be successful in business affairs- In
fact.no matter what may be your fear.hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything— good or bad; you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant c«r£
tar seer -and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading tea
leaves; 25c up. 612^ Eddy gt.; no sign.' '
MME. MARSEAU: card reader; . ladles 23c : I
'¦rents BOc. 645 Mlna at. \ - :- /C, ' I
FA *W* Wfc 1 ' w* ' m 1 _ _ _ ~ —
SUP US ®& **=» « vW 1 V/I&M^S & €a$**£*U^&v EJ vUr fH US
1 • • • I ~"Ol [
Free to Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call
Si \is5ni 1 rV^*3^^ _«^ mJ& ft i^<-i>rfltfi^^SHBPBS^^thaj_i^Pf B mrS SSSS^^ 3 •
lf^?SSM^^^^^^^^^S^3^^^^Bi e amous PiHsbury f s Best FJour^ E» B*
>|j^l|j||^jjflffij^|if^^ W ant Ads received Thursday, Friday
Tffl||jBjEBBBiHM and Saturday for The Sunday Call
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1901.
13
MOWEY TO IiOAN— Contl-ned. |
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5V4 and 0 per cent
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided Interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
property purchased.
MANHATTAN L'^S ••••^tr»*"'
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main S*i4
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-tJ02-*HKJ Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exoenses by deallns directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc., legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY____
_____-__-_-
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Gtv« full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 430, Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interent. . Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S40 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
5 security: ea?y payments; large business in 4ti
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security dlamonda or chattels; no fee; no
coin.; cut rate.Cal.Loan Co.. 520 Parrott hdg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2tt Montgomery at., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; eacy payments. <>00 RIalto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Misgion sta.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage*,
life inscurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton Bt.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
• ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J: HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow money on salary until 'you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bids-
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
ALL. loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 03S Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TUEMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorner. MORRELL. 60ft Examiner building.
mttsxcax, _u r< 3T_ttn«-----a.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
¦ pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc. ; pianos for rent at $1 per month,
come at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 5o per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
, money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year'«
1 rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 5tiO-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMENTS
Erard, splendid for practice $40
Sherman, Hyde & Co,, splendid order. ...$125
Grovesteen & Filler, a bargain $145
Also Chickerlng, Weber, Stelnway, Vose.
Steck, Sterling and others at low prices.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In uacd instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 2.15-237 Geary »t.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
GOOD new olano for Bale cheap. Call at 230
Taylor st.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.: easy payments:
month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany caso; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
•SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI.
786 Mis-ion st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new;, $135. 237 Geary St.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnyer. little used. Keeffe'y. 2<!5 O'Farrell.
MILLINE_Y.
PRIVATE lessons given day and evening:
terms reasonable. 24 Ninth st.
MINES AND MINING. %
COMPANIES Incorporated: flrst stock sold to
•start company off In good shape: strong pres-
ident and directors secured; write or call.
A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg., S. F.
THE BOBTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13. 330 Pine st., will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit:
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
OFFICES A1TD STORES .TO LET.
AN elegant store for rent: suitable for barber
shop, tailor or haberdasher. Inquire at
Temple Bar Saloon. 7C0 Grant ave. :.'»."
TO let— 1120 Harrison pt: old established drug-
store for 0 years;- would pay.
FOR rent — Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. Ida New Montgomery trt.. 7th floor
PERSONA ~.S.
A— CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of lace treated: 1 guarantee to remove
Permanently wrinkles, freckles,
Smallpox pittlncs, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINQHAM, 131 Powell st.
DR. KOWELL'S Fire of Life, a care' cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Uold by all urt:c_ists tor
over 2o yeais; price 5oc. Manufactured solely
by KOWKLL & imOWN. a_ Turk H.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, (.tops tRllirtH, i-ures dandruff
and Itching scalp; uo stain or rticMneKs:
cieanxefc scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps. *ores. impure blood (affecting
akin, nicuth, bones, etc.) epeedily cured by
¦ killed speci-Mfct from Europe. Apply Centra;
Pharmacy, 32a Grant uve. . Worst cases cured.
WANTED — The aiidrtfcs of the heirs of PAT-
RICK B. O'CONNOR, who came to Texas
about I!w5. Addrt.<_ T. L. WREN. Aoatln
Texu.8.
ELECTRIC light baths; baking for lheu-
mntUin; ull kinds of hydrc'therupy; 2-'J.j Geary
st. tntranco, suit 27; even'gs by appointment.
YACHTSMKN an<i b-.islnexa men— All kinds
ot drawing and tracing wm t*e done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. Call.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the wors.tf bold head. Call or write.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell tt. __
AT less than cost: uncalled for rults.' overcoats
and trousers at CHAULES LYONS'. London
. Tailor, 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
EYES examined free.. THOS. HOUSE WORTH.
optician. 15S1 Market at., rm. 20": est. 1S0I.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, S69 Sutter. Mlsa Eaton. Qeary._r.39.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
• vests for $14 75. Fred Wagnes.,850 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at ISI0 Sutter st.
ELEGANT cult to order & 1 ex. pair pants, $15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th A 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
: $250. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit . ?7 50: . dress pants $2 50.
i- Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupon*.
MASQUERADE costumes, play' books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI; at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CaU,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, |1 per year.
/ > 5 A ' 5rw ' ila I ) S BEAX ESTATE.
haywar1>3~^r6perty "~ ~T~
S 1-2 acres, rt aTes of which are in fruit;
full bearini;; adjoining city limits; fine sotl:
grand view; prlo $.t;iK>
1 i acres, with small house of 4 rcoms. barn,
chicken houses: plenty of wood and water: near
town: pr!ee $:S€uO.
.V»M acres; part fruit; comfortable house of 5
rooms: barn: well; chicken houses: 2 brooder
house*: chlrken yar.U separately f*nr»»l with
chick'-n-tight wire frnre; beautiful view; near
town: good roails: prl<-» $."2' i». *
7 acres, with flrt»- rm-Iern 2- story house of
11 rooms; laundry: K«th: patent closets; fine
barn, chicken houses and yards; well, windmill
and tank; water piped everywhere : beautiful
view; electric line lasses place; a great bar-
gain; price $»;.-.r,O.
Call on or adilress P. WILBERT. Haywards
Cal.
BEAX ESTATE^ WAITTEP.
WANTED — Varant lot or ru>ti?e an ,j \ r ,t with
lease for term of years. fo» iilant nursery.
Call cr a.l.tvc™ F. A. MILLKR. 21.'» Hayes.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'il'TS
MILL VALLEY KUAL ESTATE.
$100 TO $So«>. 10 per cent cash, balance $10
monthly; tine lots. *.Oil25 aiyl larger: graded
streets; pure mountain wat^r; grand redwood
tr»es: rharrr.Insr views; risht at the station.
l->; lots s< 1,1; send fnr iilUMrrated booklet.
LYON & HOAG. llti Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BESXELEY T?,TT*T. ESTATE.
19 ROOMS." ~ 19 ROOMS. ~ ~ 19 ROOMS.
$C5ot>— Only $«."i;0 for this beautiful prop-
erty: only 4 blocks of university buiMtngi:
suitable fnr boarding or rooming hnuye or
can be used aa a double house without extra
expense. This Is a snap and must b» sold
at once.
$."100 for new 2-story house of 6 rooms;
1 block of cars; 4 blocks of station; 5 blocks
of university ground*; »tre»t work complete;
only $."Co cash, balance $2."< per month. In-
cluding interest an<i principal at S per cent.
MORAN & SWAIN,
Opposite Berkeley station.
BERKELEY", CAL.
DON'T READ THIS
With indifference If in search of a home tn
Berkeley; here's your opportunity: thin* of
it; 4 large, well-improved lota; 3 frontages:
large 10-room house, barn, orchard and
various minor Improvements; 4 minute* to
Anhby station; tine location: good neigh-
borhood, jnd all for $«>i:0; don't hesitate.
Inquire of my arent.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO..
2149 Center St.. Phone Derby 32.
HOUSES and lots for sale in South Berkeley:
will build to suit buyer on th» Installment
'piun: buy direct from owner and save your
commission: at home arternonn* an>i Sun-
days. CHARLES HARMON. 3124 King St.
florin station). South P.erkeley.
BI»KEiarg_3OOM3.
LAHGE furnished front room: windows east,
south, west. 2TJ11 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OA— -AJTD BEAL ESTATE.
$3.C0O — Beautiful corner lot in Linda Vista.
77x128; could subdivide.
L. v.
$1,800 — Beautiful home of 6 rooms; lot 32x130;
North Oakland; a good buy.
$2.400^ — 5- mom house; large pantry and
closets: house not two years old: on
Thirty-3econd St.. near Grove.
117
$3,250 — New !VS -story house on Thirty-sec-
ond st.; 5 rooms and bath; all con-
veniences.
$3,450^ — 6-room bungalow In best residence
district; large lot: should be investi-
gated.
1367
$10.<100 — Fine property in growing locality;
lot 75x100, with house of 13 rooms; will
Increase in value rapidly.
MO
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT,
106O Broadway, Oakland.
EASY TERMS — PRICE MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
sanitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
tric fixtures; swell blrdseye maple mantel; fuel
gas main: every room sunny; large terraced
lot in lawn; ample room for driveway ani
stable; between Grove street and Telegraph
ave.. facing boulevarded street: tbe most com-
plete in the city: 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco; location exceptionally dry and
thermal. Remember, Telegraph ave. Is soon tc
be bituminlzed to Fortieth st., increasing con-
tiguous values: 545 37th St.; key at owner' «
567 37th st.. or at
HARRY L. HOLCOMB'S ~r '
Office. 314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
The above home ready for IMMEDIATE
occupancy.
LOOK THESE UP.
For sale — Two flats tn elegant location; fin«
income property; a genuine bargain: also lot
in Mountain View Cemetery. 122 square feet
ctring: perpetual care. Address box 1402. Call
office. Oakland.
FOR sale — Improved property, paylnar 8 p«
cent on investment; on Telegraph av«., oppo-
site Idora Park. Addresa box 1298. CaU of-
fice. Oakland. ' ;
OAKLAND ITJENITUEE POB^SALE,
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st., cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
*
booms roB^ojrjsEJCEErrgo.
BRYANT, 421 — One large room for house*
keeping; gas.
EDDY. 804 — Housekeeping rooms; first floor;
front rooms: light and sunny.
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1533 — 3 sunny rooms
complete; $15 per month, or 3 for $10: sepa-
rate entrance.
GEARY. 1225 — Furnished suite, cotnplets fof
housekeeping: private bath; bay window;
rent $20 per month.
KEMIL.WORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Thr*«-
room sunny apartments; -team heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pins-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rataa reaa.
MASONIC ave., 1580. cor. Congress — I suny
1 housekeeping rooms: bath: rent $12.
McALLISTER, «S3^ — 2 or 3 unfurnished roonu
for housekeeping; regular kitchen; call be-
fore 4 P. m. .
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeapioj
rooms; complete: no children. |
MISSION, 273S— Two furnlshfe rcoms; sminy:
bath: gas for cooking; $12 month.
NICE hou!»ekeeplng rooms to let: all location*.
Phone Clay M>«. or call 117 Butter st.
OAK 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $5 tc
$12*: ga» range; hot bath; adults. '
POLK 605 — Parlor alcove, suites: small kltch«
en; sunny; bath, gas stove; pbon«: $13. $20-
SACRAMENTO. 301&— Second floor. 3 or 4
rooms, bath; partly furnished or unfurnished;
also ' elegant parlor suite; new carpets;
kitchen it desired; low rent.
SOUTH PARK. 104— Large parlor wltli »aj
stove and bath; suitable for two.
TWENTY -THIRD. 372G— 2 sunny, bay-window
rooms, completely furnished for hkpg.; reas.
VAN NESS ave., 232— Furnished 2-room sultt
Tor housekeepln: gas range; adults; $18.
VAN KESS av£? 1103. cor. Cteary. phone Hyd<
1848— 2 beautiful, sunny, front suites foi
housekeeping: all accommodations: reasonabh
APASTMTST HOTTSES.
st LOUIS 1575 Jackson — Marlns -Jew; 3-4-!
rooms? turn- or unfur.: refs. Tel East 1330
BOOMS TO 1>ET — Turn, -nd Vntaxn.
A— BRUNSWIck~House. 14S Sixth «t-— Roomi
25= to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per wetk «J
light housekeeping rooms; open aU night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st-^-Rooms 25c. 50c. $L $1 W BlsM:
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND~House. over Owl drug rtor*. S sn-
trances. ¦ 112« Market and 21 Turk— Electric
1'ghU; running water la every room; 2W
rooms: 25c to aoc per night; $1 2S to $3 was.
DOLORES. 381 — Large, sunny furnished room.
_p D Y, 1234— Beautiful unfurnished rs-eai
reasonable. _____________________
Continued on Page Fourteen,
HELP WANTED— "EMALE — Con.
2 INSTITUTION cooks'. ~." $»U-$5i>
Cook, •¦ir.iili hotel. Han Mateo $4U
Cook, _i boarders, kitchen helper kept. . . .fi'i
:i cooks, small hotels : * t( >
4 private family c>x)ks $30-$".5
- parlormaid*, country. & !l>
4 servant girlt-, city $2it-f^"»
2 Burs**, email children $25-$:;' >
Cashier f<r restaurant $7 week
•t traitresses for small restaurant $ti-$7
2 kit«-hen helj.ers fcr private boardlrig-
lious's $25
Chambermaid and waitress, country hotel. $25
Wnitresti. country hotel $2.1
Hyosework for 3 in family, country $3u
Housekeeper, man and two children, oity..$lj
40 rmerel hous. work girl*, city and coun-
try. ¥2". $25. .«."?(». Apply to
J. F. CHOSETT & CO..:j:i4 Sutter st^
A CLOAK and suit saleslady for country store;
of good apiwarance: experience; $2.1 week.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3:54 Sutter.
MATRON. Institution, $^5 and found; woman,
lamlly washing. 2 day* a week, hotel. $! 50
a. Ony ami mra!?. California Employment
Agency, 1* Third st. ; phone Bash 405.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn lialriresxing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
1n 2 we-'ks; tuition $5 to those entering r.ow;
thrc* positions to fill Immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school In West. 2."S3 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to Wm millinery now for
fail reason; both iff— tausrht from start
ti> finish in one month for $5; noMtlcns as
t:i:i it,eri=, rwle'Mdles. n^k«-rs, guaranteed
at $10 t>er *k. up; 7 positions to be filled
I— mediately. Pnr^rs 14:: iUockton Bt., r. U.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdrenslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours' ;
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recogtiiifd college of Us kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell art.
GIKLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY: GOOD PAY;
I STUADY WORK. LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
32'4 FREMONT ST. APPLY TO MR
_____
DAVIS.
YOUNG rirl for general housework and plain
coking: call between 10 and 1 a. m. 2«i5
Sacramento st. .
LUCRATIVE position open for r.»flned lady
with knowledte of music. Box 1C91, Call.
WANTED — Colored woman for housework;
waFhing: references. Call 1 to 4, 434 Fremont.
AN experienced girl to assist in bakery. Apply
12" Sixth st.
PRIVATE teacher that can teach German and
English. Apply 70 Third st.. Hrews Cafe.
EXPERIENCED pewlner machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: uteady work.
LEVI STRAUPS & CO., 32H Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
EXPERIENCED girl for cooking and assist
with housework; good wages; references. 2139
Pacific ave.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
EXPERIENCED jacket alteration hands. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
FIRST-CLASS waist, eklrt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — A good cook and do general house-
work, in thi* city. PR. FRINK. 2*9 Post st.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open. until 11 p. m.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 12ft Bust «t.
Big cold mining company — boss hen?.
Teamsters and muckers $2 5(.>-$." day
Quartr miners $3 day
Scandinavian station gangs, new railroad
work. State of Oregon, contract work,
fare $7 60.
FOR NEVADA, FARE $7 50.
Teamsters, laborers f2 50
FOR BRAND NEW WORK.
Laborers, epikers ...$1 75-$2
BUTTE COUNTY, FARE $3 CO.
5 4-horse teamsters $2 25
Second cook for a club, north $75
First and second cor>k, camp $G0 and $40
S*e bost here. Cooks, waiters, porters, bell-
boys city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush St.
A THOROUGH bookkeeper, neat young man,
fcr wholesale house: China; $100 and fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 429 Bush st.
AT NATIONAL, EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Ledger clerk. $00, good at figures.
Office assistant. $50.
Salesman, grocery sundries, familiar with
local trade. $100 and upward.
8 office bnys. good wages.
Gen. merchandise clerk, country, $30 found.
Dry-goods clerk & Bilk salesmen, good wages.
Cake and bread baker, German preferred,
good salary.
Candy helper. $7 week.
Tin packer. $15 a week.
2 clothing stock clerks, $15 week.
Clerk, notions and toyc. $75 month.
Clerk, clothing and furnishing, $20 week.
3 porter*, strong men, $2 day.
Delicatessen salesman, $15 week.
2 watchmakers and diamond setter.
Stenographer, $40.
Glove ealesman. $10 week.
Bookkeeper, country, $50, room and board.
Manager fancy goods department, $100 to
$150.
70 placer miner*. Alaska, $30 day earned.
2 rilk salesmen, $*•'• month.
Many other good positions. Office open until
8 9. m.
509 HEARST BLDG.
HORD & SMITH.
Contractors' Agents, !>5 Third st.
Rough carpenter, scaffolding, $3; 5 months'
work.
Band sawyer. $6: boss here.
Pipcmen. Monterey County. $2 25 to $2 50.
JCew railroad work — Teamsters. $2 25; this
is a good layout; no discount; will last tK>
dxys: fare $1.
Teamsters, $2 25; ao to it.
Man to dig stumps, contract, near city.
Laborers and teamsters. $2 25: Yuba County.
Nevada; teamsters, $2 50; fare $7 CO.
SAW-FILKR and millman, good place; dry-
goods salesman, for country. $20 week: 2
miners, $3 day; dairy foreman, $50 and found;
cnoreman for country. fcW -»»<* found; farm-
er* $30 and found; 3 boys for factory. $25
and $30; sawyer, 25c an hour: men for
box factory, 20c an hour; lumber pller;
screw turner for mill. $50 and found: ele-
vator man, $35 and room; cooks, waiters,
$35, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
€28 Sacramento st. j
• EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
219 KEARNY ST. PHONE BLACK 2446.
Two silk Mileimen. city, Al salary.
Two upholsterers, $S 60 day up.
Mixologist, for noda fountain, $15 week.
Candy maker. $20 week.
8 etovc plate roolders. $., 50 day.
Bartender to epea* Italian, $23 and found.
2 messenger boys. $40 to $50.
Open evening*. 7 to 0. BROWER & CROSBY.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — A French.
German or 8wisi» couple to tnke charge of
vineyard and farm, i-anta Cruz Co., $50;
Kteatiy; see party here 9 a. m. . A first-class
butler, $50.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pantryman, $10 week for restaurant; night
clerk. $35.
A WELL-EDUCATED man, of good character
and tact, who can epeak German, Scandi-
navian and English, wanted. Box 1694, Call.
BARBER wanted— For to-day; 10c ehop. 603
Kearn y et.
GOOD barber; Saturday and Sunday. 1055%
Folsom at.
BARBER wanted— For Saturday. 1310 Castro
et.; $4 SO.
BARBER; Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
Apply in the morning. 408% 8lxth st.
BARBER: Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
1494 Valencia st.
GOOD barber fcr Saturday and Sunday. C23
Clay at.
WANTED— Boy« to deliver telegrams; wages
$3u to $35 per month. Apply 300 Montgomery.
WANTED— Young man with $75 for good pay-
ing business. Address box^ 1590. Call office.
TINSMITH"*" wanted— One that understands
roofing. B7S Geary st, '
WANTED— Boy to run elevator at 29 Stockton
street. . '
FOR. sale— New 4-thoir barber shop at a sacri-
fice. Call at S27 Sacramento st.
TULOR and experienced cutter (could also
"manage tailoring establishment) wants po-
rtion In or outtlde of city. Porl?M, Call.
W\NTKD— Boy who has had seme experience
on mattress filling machine. Wakefleld Manu-
facturtng Co.. 1C1-4U1 Fourth tt.. Oakland.
GOOD presscrs on cloaks wanted. EIMINOFF,
' I??* Market st. •
HELP WANTED — MALE — ConMati**^,
A^»IUR1JAY"& " ISEADYr'cu'and 030 Clay st.
i'hone Main .'Sis.
Leading En)i>!oyni«.-nt and 1-ubor Agents.
We sneak t\\i German, French, Italian,
Hcanilinavlan, (Jnc-k. Spanish, Slavonian and
1 lavish languages.
l»03 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
Cii.U(K) Mai Work. Increase W.U00.
CARPENTERS
Carpenter, stock ranch; 70c fare; -$«0 f d-
Upholat^rer'W no day.
Ki carp*nt<tn, T.Oc lure; $.'{ day.
'¦'• shlnglera, 50c tare; $1 per M.
5 larirentn-M, ranch, furv $1 25; ?40 found.
5 woodworkers, $!il>; 5 bench hands, $!t0:
table maki-r: :t brush makers; band sawyer.
12 PLA STICK LIHS, $1 50 DAY
PLUMBERS, FARE PAID.
12 plunil>ers, no union, $1 a day.
0 IKON MOLPEilS.
¦ Slack coolers; 2 varnish finishers.
<;ang trlmrm-rniHti. faro S2 <!<l; $.V) found.
Well-digger, understand* ga» engine. $10 fd.
LcvermRii t;a»ciine engine-, <irt"JK*-''. $75.
MURRAY & READY, Ull add 030 Clay st.
LUMBER SYNDICATE
25 laborers, work <.n railroads, $00.
ARE YOU! GOING TO BUTTE?
25 teamsters, special Job, fil 50.
12 BOILERMAKERS.
12 Ixjilermik'-rs. 12 boileriuakers.
'•ZlVjC to 3CJ4O hour. "2!4e to Stt^c hour.
FRKE fare — mamtper at our ofllce — free fare.
BOYS— BOYS— HOYS.
25 boyp or young men. box factory, $35 fd.
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC.
14 choremen. lt-iys, see us, $15, $-<». ?TO fd.
"a Kcneral farm h^niis, j"bs, $"0 fd.
Miikirs, various places, $.'!'», $;>."> found.
BAKERS.
Foreman cake bakery, ?J5 week.
a helpers, different bakeries, $'_'•>, $25. $:!5 fd.
DRAPERY;
Exj>crienccd draimry falffman, city.
BUTCHERS,
fi sheeu butchers, $«0.
4 knife men, $2 7.V 3 sausage-maker.". $14.
12 waiters, different i»1hcop, $2.">, $.''.0, $."5 fd.
COOKS.
Cooks, dliTeront place*, $:i0, $40, $50. $70 fd.
BKLL. EL.KVATOK BOYS -BEPMAKERS.
Dishwashers, different places, $20, i'-'-O fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch Ironers, *12 to $H> week.
Polisher, iruncr. ciarrher. fare ?1 «n, $2 50.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, man tpamster, wife cook,
dairy, ?.'•."> and found.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch, no woman
there. $40 and found.
Farmer anil wife, 25 cows, wife cook. 3 men,
f40 and found.
Harried farmer, southern town, $30 and fd.
Fanner ami wife, fare $1 SO, extra good Job,
!f."i0 found.
To KL-D-Co. TO-PAY.
5." tra^k men, any laborer will do.
J|J7 .» TO $75 00
HIO WAGES.
Hnx factory. Wp advise you to take it.
2.1 men. you'll suit, .«•;<> t«> $75.
« machine miners, ho^s horo, $90.
ft muckers, gold mine, boss here, $75.
MURRAY & READY. «:?4 and 636 Clay st.
TO OREGON.
Man and wife, man ranch, wife cook, $10 fd.
Wheelwright, Nevada Stnte, $ti0 fd.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. "Oe farn, hotel, $."55 fd.
Ironer, S. M. Co.. easy jo1>. $25 to $.10 fd.
Laundryman, run steam enRlno, 50c fare. $40.
2 young men, pack shingley, <Hy, boss here.
Man to take contract cut lumber, boss here,
ftronj; handy man with butcher-knife, $2 50.
Washer. 2 starciifrrs. shirt ironers.
Steward, city hotel. $40 found.
HURRAY & READT, 034-030 Clay et.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
55 teamsters, s hours' work. $2 day.
BOSS HERE.
x l.">5 electric motor men.
Experienced men only.
MURRAY & READY. 634-Witt Clay Bt.
WANTED — Experienced dry Roods bundle
wrappers. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Handy man who is experienced In
Fctting up and repairing toys. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Younar man from 16 to 20 yearn
of age. to learn the dry goods business.'
Apply bet. f> and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
6 SMITH. 9.1 Third St., S. F.
MEN. to learn barber trade; only eight Weeks
reciuirt-d: constant practice and expert in-
struction: positions secured; spe-clal Induce-
. ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College, &'}."> Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Uroi>. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; sent for cataloa-ue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars, Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grand bldg., 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
A RELIABLE registered drug clerk: refer-
ences; wages $75. Apply corner Sixteenth
and Valencia sts.
FIRST-CLAPS cutter of good appearance;
steady position to rUht party. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 140 Market st. •
FOR sale — First-class 2-chalr barber ehop;
good business; $S rent; good laundry trade;
living rooms, furniture; $150. 1119 Folaom.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot- form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exm. bid. ;open till 9 p. m.
BOY wanted to wash dishes. 511 Castro
street.
WANTED — Man for florist store. 301 Devisa-
dero rt.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN and women learn the barber trade; wages
paid while learning. Halght's,t>47 Commercial.
2 young men to learn the barber trade; a good
ihaiiee. For particulars call at 751 Mission st.
BARBERS — Good paying 2-chalr. shop for sale
cheap: must sell this week. 1103 Howard st.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition in S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary Heamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d Bt., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; s<!wed soles 10 min., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suit?, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 M:>nt*;y..r.4!5.
SA'ILORS end young men (green hands) for
_ shlpg. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls.ivio.^helan bldff.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; ?,T,c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sires men> shoes, slightly damaged, half
11 Ice. COS Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GEV your Fhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc r,m Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d stB.
_,HOBSBS A^P.JSl*^?^-
FINE, gentle, stylish bay horse; 6 years old-
for riding or driving. F. A. WECK. 150
New Montgomery Bt.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, s.F.
WANTED — To buy good delivery horse; atato
lowcEt canh price. Box 060, Call office.
HORSE, harness and wagon for sale; $45. Box
1154. Call office.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1C80 Mission et., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagonsThai^
ness, work and driving horees. ISth-Valencla.
HojPssaMro i;et!
A— PRINTED list of houses to^letTsenTf or^cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let— A good houseboat, 85 feet long; ac-
commodate 25 to 30 people; suitable for gun
club; for duck Beason can be towed to any
part of the bay. Box 1D10, Call office. ,
TO let — House of 10 rooms, on California st. ;
¦ rent $40. Inquire at N: W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. .Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
FURNISHED «unny corner house for sale
cheap: going away; good Income. 001 Pino at.
HO USE 3 TO IiET—rTT-'wrrcjitEp
OAK. 417— Surny new modern, elegantly fur-
nished houfe; 0 rms; bath; basement; garden.
OAK. 419 — Sunny modern, elegantly furnished
lioui<e; 10 rooms; 2 baths; plani>;large garden.
_-- goiorBEB yra*rtBHEP~r ob, saxb.
FURNITURE of 12 rooms arranged In house-
keeping apartments; bargain. Call at 220
, Haiffht et. . •
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Kames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. jtel.Park 775.
-qst Asa roiTyp.
LOST—-A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
an-1 Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CHRISTINE F. HAAKE or, ALICE
HAAKE CHASE, No. 274-789. The finder
will pirate return to bank.
LOST— Red Iri*h water spaniel; weight about
05 lbs.; rat tail; little deaf; answers to name
of "Shot": slight sore on back; had collar,
on; Saucallto dog tax attached. Suitable re-
ward will be paid at Call office.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St., phone Grant
197; 1204 Sutter St.. phona East 817.
LOST— Half of butterfly buckle; blue and green
enamel. Heturn rooms 04 or 35, 421 Market
«t.: reward.
LOST— ciold locket, with Initials C. L. Call
at California Baking Company, corner Eddy
and Flllmora *t.-\. and receive reward.
LOST— Young dog! black, with white forelegs.
Return to StCTl Twenty-first st. : reward. .
5 A ?? VCH £5_5P, :a HI JEtE.
cTaTmcXEhTl LAUNCH ~CO?. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bcsh 534.
J. MIch2clis Launch Co. .Unlon-st. Wharf : boat-
ing & excursions, o Steuart st. ;tel.John 26S6.
:iATTRE33ES *.NT> ?ILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 14.12-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDIO AX.^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick reljef
j from Irregularities consult me; my methods
: are painlens and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market tt.. rooms 7 "and 8.
LADIE,S— If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time ia devoted exclusively to
the?« conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. . DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
M Rs"dR~W YET H, specialist ' for aYf~femaU
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008)4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity-homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are alck or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
¦complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
¦ nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never fails; a protec-
tion without internal medicine; price $2 per
box. FROSTS Chemical Agency, 1104 Mar-
ket Bt.. San Francisco.
MRS. THIESSKN.- graduate German midwife;
20 years' experience: home in confinement:
best care. 4!t Pprry. c. Third. Tel. Red 51c2.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, B11A Leavenworth St., be-
•' tweftn Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
• $2. Glea»on-Rusgl«j» Drug Co-., Kearny & Clay.
DR.- ROSEN, residence 209S Folsom st., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; C10.
MISCELLANEOUS— r ""^R BAXE.
WALLPAPER.
3>ic— Per roll— 3^4c. - . .
7%c. gold embossed; was .15c.
Everyday household paint, $1 a gallon.
The*? goods are first-class, up to date.
Samples mailed; write us.
House painting, paper hanging, whitening
and tinting. ' MERIOAN.
New store. 1424 Ellis st. and 1302 Webster
st.; phone Jackson 1321. . . >-, '
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; J*e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Btale »t.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. W2 MlJfflon st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. tn rolls easy to lay:
neodn no painting or coating: good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITF. ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
ICO TONS steam and blacksmiths' coal: $2 50
per long ten, cash; ex-yard corner Howard
and Spear sts.: call at once; one-ton lots or
over.
SAFES and DESKS — Ae we are going to move
to New Montgomery St.. and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS., 191G Market et.
A — BUYS, tetta or rents gear .machinery, en-
gine*, boilf-rs. water pipe, shaftiner. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND wharf plank. 4x12; pine. LE
ROY BItUNDAGE, 2021 Seventeenth at.;
phone Folsom 2326.
FOIl *ale — 1901 gasoline runabout; double «n-
Klno: $«<'O; cost $1350; good condition. Box
1728. Call office.
CHEAP: acetylene, gas plant of 20-burner ca-
pacity, with pipes, burners and globes com-
plete. J. E. Lewis, Kentfleld, Mar in Co., Cal.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on .small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, uDtitafrs.
OIL— CO bbls Fuller's best linseed, 4H@50c by
bbl: less 50c and T>2c delivered aruund the
bay. O. N. SIMMONS. 440 38th st.. Oakland.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dreps rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton &t.,
upstairs.
TRY our men's ahoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot- form shoes at $2 50; wo pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: catalog free.
GOOD ("qup.re piano; make offer; parties leav-
ing. 1110 Leavenworth st.
BLOT machines, all kindu: lowest price* Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO., 4l:« Sacramento.
FOR irale — Fox terrier dog; full bred. S)SO How-
ard nt.. room 3.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 largo stones* a
Jbarpaln; $350. 10 Sixth at.
ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. .'ilt) Third: tel. Main 413.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, d^r. «ash,
plumb, material. The Pol an Co., l«07 Mrkt.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamond!*: a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
DESKS boufeht. «old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-kanU diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. OARIN'. 138 Montgrcmery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
_C. C. Q'DONNELL. 1021% Market Bt.
SAFES and canh rector*. -new and second-
hand. I. FItEEMAN. 1.12ft Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
hargalns. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post «t.
SOME good 2d-h»nd gnFoHne engines 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. K. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFE3 — New ami second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. .
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4ii Fremont st.,
MISCELLAKy^-
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskin*, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. • .
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gents' castoff cloth-
lng.,etc. Tel. Davis 825;. 650 Sacramento st.
A BIO. crlce for ladles' and gents' castoff
clothing. U22 Folsom St.; tel. Folsom 3522.
WANTED— % . HP. motor, vise, drill press and
tools for small shop. 613 Mission st. .
HIGHEST price* patd; ; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington St.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Bt.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MON3Y jTOJuOABT.
SALAP.Y~LOANS—
Monuy loaned salaried people without 1 secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms., Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.'
A — ON furniture or pianos at < lowest rates; no
removal;, no publicity;, also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on aay security; any
1 amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 36.
Wiff Produce Twelve Pounds of Deficious Food— With Want Ads— FREE
BEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOS SAI»E.
THOMAS' MACEE &' SON^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD BUILDING LOTS FOR RESIDENCES
OR RENTING.
$15,500— Nearly a 5O-vara in Western Addition:
will pay well to improve with one large
building of flats. \
$12,500— Pine street, north side, not far from
Franklin; 6»:9xl:t7:«; or we can sell
either half of this; fine light space on
both sides.
$12,000—30x137:6; close to California and Jones
sts.; excellent site for first-class flats.
$6.750 — 50x137:6: in northern part of city,
with magnificent marine view; close to
Vallejo and Devisatlcro sts.; excellent
reeidence site.
|4,600-^4Skio6; north side of Vallejo st.. with
magnificent and positively unobstructed
marine and land view; good residence
lot.
$4,500 — 25x137 :«: back to rear street; north
side of Golden Gate ave.
$4,350—34x137:6; north side of Green st.. with
fine marine view; adjoins two fine, new
residences; entire district being built up
with first-class homes; exceptionally fine |
lot for a home.
54,100—50x137:6: Fulton st.: street bitumin-
lzed; artificial stone sidewalk laid.
$3,000—50x137:6; Golden Gato ave., north
side; Ftreet work all done; very good
residence district. ';•;-:
$3,500—27:6x193; Filbert St., with fine marine
view.
$3,300—27:6x137:6; Filbert St.. with splendid
marine view; excellent residence local-
ity.
$2,300 — Masonic ave.: 25x105: street work
done; electric cars passins: entire dis-
trict built up with -good homes.
$2,300^ — Broderick St.; 27:6x97:6; in marine
view district; half a block to cars. •
$1,800 — 26x120 to rear street: Filbert st.. near
Fillmore electric cars; small flats built
on front and rear of this lot would
pay well.
$1,500— Just reduced from $1750; 2 lots on
Fillmore, near Filbert. 24x100: mort-
gage of $2000 at 6 per cent may re-
main; Fillmore st.. from Union to the
bay. Is destined to be a good business
' section.
$1,000^ — 27x137:6; 2 exceptionally cheap lots
on Golden Gate ave., near First ave.
$800—25x05. on Ashbury st.: 2 lots, with
fine vlow of western portion of city and
the ocean; electric cars passing.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON P.
5 MONTGOMERY ST. '
NEW BLOCK SUBDIVI DED.
60 LOTS. FRONTING ON
DEVISADERO.
CASTRO.
FOURTEENTH ST.
DUBOCE AVE-
Best and cheapest lots in city for the money.
PRICE $1400 TO $2000.
Terms 1-5 cash, balance 1, 2, 3 and 4 years.
Streets tiitu mini zed; sewers laid; no other
property In the city with similar advantages
for sale at such low prices: splendid surround-
ings, charming viewS; close to Duboce and
Buena Vista parks.
26 LOTS ALREADY SOLD.
Ten houses of a superior class now under
construction; $60,000 already spent on Improve-
ments; a splendid opportunity to make money:
values bound to Increase; an excellent location
for a home or flats.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Take Haipht-st. cars to Scott or Devlsadero:
walk two short blocks south.
LYON & HOAO.
116 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
, NO INTEREST.
Chclc*st lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from t£«
Mlsslon-st. a-lectrlc cars: secure cne as an
Investment and by the tlm* it Is paid for It
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now befcre vrices become prohibitive In thU»
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
2« Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$1150 — COR. Silver ave. and Congdon: cottage
4 rooms: must be eold noon.
$1600— Cottage 4 rooms: 220 2Sth st. : will
loan $1200 on this place. D. COFFIN &
CO., 252S Mission St., near 21st
ONE large block; will be very valuable In near
future for building lots. M. SALOMON. 819
Market st. ¦
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Homo Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
ALL work guaranteed flrst class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
FOR sale — Elegant flats; hardwood finish; beam
ceilings; all modern improvements: large
lots; make offer; 625-627-631-C33 Frederick.
SAM GLASS, builder. 484 Frederick st.
¦ gM JgATEO^BEAI iBSTATB^_^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
st*. • outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered; 50-foot lots from $400 up:
terms first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes in
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
in two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable section en
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; mape sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673., 116 California st.? .-¦-; .1"
HEAL ESTATE — COPNTItV— Por^ Stale-.
FOR sale — 1«> acres; good for wheat, barley,
alfalfa etc.; good 2-story house. 8 rooms,
large cellar, good barn for 10 horses, 2 wells,
windmill; fruit trees, apricots, walnuts, figs;
sales one year amounted to over $2100; price
$"5 per acre: also rosewood piano, inlaid
with shells above keys: 12 solid mahogany
chalr« 125 years old. and many other odd
old Di'eces; owner's age prevents working
the farrr. Address JOHN VAN BUREN SR..
L'lxon. Cal. _
SUBDIVISION !»00 ACRES: SONOMA VAL-
LEY- POULTRY AND GENERAL FARM-
ING- $40 TO $65 PER ACRE: FOURTH
CASH. BALANCE 5 YEARS AT 5 PER
CENT INTEREST; SEND FOR PARTICU-
LARS.' PETERS & BAINES. 116 MONT-
GOMERY ST.
|3^00 — 10-ACRE prune orchard: house with
0 rooms; barn, windmill, tank; Improvement!*
worth J10CO. Inquire of L. F. B. FORE-
WORTHY. Union ave., Campbell. Cal. , •; •;
20 ACRES: 6-room house; barn, windmill; im-
plements; near creamery and school; irrlga-
• tlon ditch through plate. E. LEONARD,
j I.athrco Cal.
POULTRY farmers — We have farms for you
' all in Sonima. the banner poultry county:
tend for descriptive circular: easy terms.
PETERS & BAINES, 116 Montgomery st.
Al FALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*
vineyards- Inspected bargains: monthly cat*.
Jccrie. free. C. M. WOOSTEK CO..
r«8 Maiket st.
A WEEICS new? fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
V": yaireg. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 ner year.
CmCKSI? SAKCgES.
J ~ IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
1 ;> : ;.i Orchard Vl«w Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope;
slse to suit: cosy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit:. call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
EEAL ESTATE TO EgCHAKQB.
TO EXCHANGE.
¦ For unincumbered country real estate north
of San Francisco, equity of $3520 in Berke-
ley residence; lot 45x135; house of S rooms.
gas lighted; separate servant's room 'and
toilet: porcelain bath; large storeroom; new-
'ly painted. . papered and tinted throughout:
good stable and chicken house; outbuildings
. and fences newly painted; value $600";
mortgage $2450 can stand; Berkeley values
Increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion: school in same block; six blocks from
tntrance to university grounds: convenient
to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and In first-class condition: stone side-
walk: owner leaving. Addresa for next un
days only. Owner, box 1(559. Call office.
GOOD paying boarding house, saloon and cash
¦ money for cheap lot and cottage. CaU or ad-
dress at th3 Universal Hotel. S3 Stanford at.
~:2IP_O < xT!ff_IfT WANTED — Male — Con.
VIMNU msn. gtorouddy reliable and cempe-
"•-::t. j>je So voars. s-rictly non-union, wishes
:o have charge ..f work ii cr about Goldfield.
:<i-\\: iir>t ot ri-foicncp*. Rooaa 47. Win-
< hester Hotel.
tOLLKCTCn— Situation *v:ir.lrd ty a man of
»*»»-ral ytars" exiwriTice: ix>»t vi reference
»rrvl l-onfi iurniEr-.trd if r.ecesr-fc-.y. Box !«9<i.
¦ ij'l of Wee.
V riWST-C_JU5B »>ler iviinter. r'ai*rr.finr*r,
niter and cnlscr *t__ea : . steady position
R •- l2r£- bolldinc or for an estate; state
"•ag-fs yr.d parttCDtara, Hox 1S55. Call.
! \KAi)T. reXhitata ycuns man. :?». exp-rienced
U kkevper. Css'.rrn j^sition as !>f c«-k<^per or
. -in i! tart; Al rcfermces; '-our interest is my
'13t?l**t; »;••:<-«= luw to b-gln. Bf>x 1510, CaU
*XT5lENTlCn -.Jtii cxseri«nc» desires situa-
licn (n :ri::t'.jit offli*. Addre.-js W.. box
- *** ° tI! Otlioe -
V% ¦'•V NT ; :l '- Pu«lU_a !':• fir^t-clafi, tiun^r and
¦'!.-.. «¦! t:> ram; .-an furnish good
*«¦ m took. Afldresa bo_ K7. St. Helena. Cal.
VOUNG nun -jw-.-iklnx German. Frinoh Eng-
Call a! ffi i ' ! ' llRi * h ****** Posit-'on. Boi ISSti,
COMPCTi-NT forr-Tjan ror vlnTyard and cellar.
»!•'. etperi-r^d in ircharl. wishes position.
p:<-hfc apply «34 Bacramrsto st.
UAVTEl>— A ro^ition l.y » I'.r*t-cla-s Cbln»se
:anil> or boardinc-hvu»e. LHTN
.KX. 111.", clay pt.. tel. :;«;>*.
*2H5S niir - " vrani o:d - "tttaS a good
hand, -.ant» position In "fficp; quick at fle-
xures. Addrtts box lt;C{. CaJl office.
FRKNCH ps«ry cr..-k. i:«J to HrEt-class hotel-
well up in pudding* pies, souffles leee
SCHANTAREL. CM IJdiy ti. "° UlC "- lf **-
COACHMAN iind carden*r. thoroughly under-
!¦¦»¦••¦.- cai-e of private p!ar«\ wiph*'* pe«l-
""": reference*. B ox 1823. Call office.
CERMAX. mtddlt-ag'd. tteady. aobf-r. want*
eittJatlnn *t pnrtrr tr.d lunch man; can cook.
Bex IWsJ. Call < ff.ee.
A FIRST-CI.APS mkc rn .l hr«d baker d--
*lrej ¦ fltuatioia in the country or city;
_*tate wagr>. Ccx 1712 Call.
fiRrGGIST 8 yeart^i^wiencT'irEast. wants
rosuion; Cr«t-clasa references. Address box
'117. Call.
MALE nurse anC masseur would like private
rase. BKMal i«jr lr.velid; best of references.
"*¦ »».. l».o Ellis rt.
G «^.Vl ATE . m J l|i "* u I. wmnt * r»tient» or steady
position. Address Box I4S9. Call office.
WANT work on *mall oonttarts and jobbing In
carpenter work." A. M.. 3475 Nineteenth st.
BnoKKKEPER, experienced. m^rTs small set
_ _Z?°!i*_l o _ k '^ r Box 1495 - C»H.
JAPANESE with recommendation wishes po-
fltlnn as coik; French or German or any
ftyle cc king; city: private family; good
_*^!!^ Co *_J 911 * °* M office.
.TAPANKSE counle want places; ~man irood
c-oJc. 13 peers' «>v:>erirnce: wife tn wait at
tal.l- or h.uw»r.rk. M. K.. 2505 Mission St.;
I hone Church 3C.T.
JAPANESE. ck*1 waiw. wants situation to
do housework and wait at table in small
family: wnfc? $:><> a month. IlENHT. 4<i7
Hayfs «T.
A .lATANnPE youne man wishen to work for
tw.i cr three hours In the morning; store or
• sniily: eat meals at room. S. SOYJIMA.
• .^l Crfary st. Phone Press 2.
A OENTLKMANLY Japanese boy desires po-
yiti'-ii as elevator or store boy. J. NUMA-
UOTO. 121 Haieht st.
.'AI'ANK^V wan:* n.t-ition at housework in
|.ri\a".e fam:Iy; wager $6. 1423 Pacific St.;
phone Lr.rkin .Its.
.'•AI'AVGSH. tool cock, war.ts a Job. FRANK
.KCnMATSgB. 031 Sacramento rt.
!:r.'."K:tIKNCED Ja«anei>e wiFhea position as
. v>'-;:rr.Kn «f r.wsturf, T. FATO. 121 Haight.
3rXATS TO I.ET.
A — HOtrSES and f.ats to W; an Immense, list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
thij« dppartm<"nt: It will rave you time and
trouble. Cordr* Furniture Co., 245-25U Geary
tt . uo the M.'.itf.
MINNA. Sunny tUts. rents $15 to $17.50;
3 wmp an! bath each; janitor service,
«?iicngiT. etc.. fr<^e: call and Fee them.
FLAT to let — Near park; 4 Trr-montavf., near
1 Waller; modern flat; 4 rooms, bath; $18;
¦ adult#. ¦
TU<» new elegant upper fiat*: C rooms and
bath: marine virw: rea«onablc. SE. cor. Bu-
<-hanar! and FULx-rt *ts.
fTJ2 r.f) — NEW 7 fine «>ur:ny roonj flat; fine fln-
)5h»v3: 2 toiletf; fine bath: latent improve-
ments, l'i" Second ave., near Sacramento.
f"4 — LOVELY flat; 6 roome: all modern and
fjcr.> ; yard and cellar: ifrand view; water
fr»». 7SC Dolores st., cor. Liberty.
$27 50 — LOVELY flat; « rooms; all modern and
sunny; yard and cellar; grand view; water
frf*. 7.H4 Dolores »t., cor. Liberty.
$.',•2 Vt— LOVELY flat; 7 room?: all modern and
funny; water and ball ga# free. 674A Valen-
ria ft., near Twentieth.
GREEN. 2132 nr. Webster — Most elegant new
10-room kvt-^t flat, with attic: -un all day;
fupert). unobs-tructed marine view; J70.
BRYANT. 23<52-2372, nr. Twenty-second— Six
room* and bath; large back yard; new ex-
cellent accom.; $2 to right party; water free.
A NEW modern flat; 5 rooms and bath: No. 1
Woodward ave., bet. 14th ft. and Duboce ave.
S ROOMS an* bath; stable for 2 horses and
wagon*. Corner Alabama and 2Sth: grocery.
PAGE. SOS— 5-room Cat. with fine bath; well
located.
FREX'EP.ICK. 4«4A— That new. elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. Cat:2 toilets: mod. plumbing ;$27 50.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
or. LYON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery «t.
FLATS TO LET — rTJBMTSHED.
FVR.N7SH2TD modern flat; sunny; near park
and colleges; 5 rooms, bath, etc.; owner,
whose family is away, retain* his present
rnom; rer.t $23; no children; references. Ad-
dress box 1SS«. Call office.
TO LKT— Partly furnished middle flat of flv«
rv-« and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 asd S p. m.. 79 South
Park.
OAK. 418 — Sunr.v new rr.od»m elegant fnr-
n!Kh<d fiat: 6 rooms, bath, piano; large
garden.
A NICELY fui— l!»*-ed flat of C rocm« for rale
reasonable at 1*77^i Stevenson M.
A 7-noOM flat: nlc<-!y furnished; must sell; a
bargain: lctving city. 726 Powell St.
IXATS POB, EAXE— PURglSHEO^
VrALLIPTTn. IS4S— Elegantly furnished 7-
rocm fiat. Apply mcralnc^i. " •
rUgHTTCRE rOR BAIiB.
II. MEY_R & Co pay higivst price for far-
niture. carpets, etc. Ti'i Mission :UI.Bush 613.
CONTENTS of a 7-rcom Cat for -aie. as a
whGle or separate. 151SH Vallejo wt.
f75~V.'ORTH ut furniture for $7 CO down. $1 SO
P«r tveek. T. Brilliant'* Fur. Co.. 3*0 Post «t.
PtrBSTITTjaE \7AgTEP.
ABE LEVT. "~ ~™
Eale*.room. 1125 M_rUct st. Tel. Jessie 781
Lon'« sell your furniture, carpets, o'flce ;ur-
1 'lure. etc.. until you get bis estlmata.
* -' .ii-
MM VAOTra.-r_MALB.
nsiPLOYrs* ri:gister co., I
~IU KKAiCv'Y ST. PHONE BLACK 2448.
treated? for cloak and suit huune, C17 Uvk. i
Tftchf-r for bairdre3i-:lng pericnt, Al salary*
Puj-f-rfluous hu!r rpcclallst. rriod salary.
*J1n for bakery. «.5 and doughnuta.
TAinch wnitrrtjs. $1 day and :>oard *3 hours).
•__I-^dy_ln attendance. BRO'.VER & CROSBY. J
GIRL for country; good cook; assist houss-
kf-epinc; nu w&Miinjr: $:w». Call aundxy nfter
3 fi. in. <>r Monday morning at 20i4 Van
Nf*^ ave. ; car fare.
J\ VOVTSQ woman to do c»npral housework ad I
••'.'< U'.-s Tf-r r.; no wartilnr: no windows:]
'w:iinR* and Hundayc off; fSO. Apply after
'*'¦ S01 Hddy *t. '
LADIES- Karn ?i*0 r*r 100 writing ehert let-
Wt; write f< r : .-rtlculars. IDEAL MFCi.
'.<».. *'u.Kh'jit»H9. Sllt-h.
A.V uprtalr* clrl. calarv 52S; and c<K%k. palnry
"fsrt, for fanily t ,r :; wiwnt. Call between
» crid II a. nt.. '.nr2 I'.iiA? «L
FOIt renerrf hcuseurrk In Mill Valley— Girl
"r mlidle-apf-d v.onian: wrw ?15; gt>od
.- ho-ae; small fi-.mHy. I^x 1017. Call ofHce.
OIRL for ho-joea-nrtc; *«o tn~$5rC 51 (^umber-
land irt.. bet Nineteenth and Twentieth,
Guerrero end Dolorc-a. ' 1LOYAL LEGION GIVES DINNER
AT THE OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
LA GRANDE, Ore., Sept. 23.— The
baggage and mail cars and tender of
the engine of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company's eastbound train
No. 2, known as the Chicago-Portland
Special, which left here this morning,
went into the ditch at Perry, Ore., ten
miles west of here, to-night. The bag
gagemen and two tramps, who were
stealing a ride, were injured. The
cause of the wreck Is unknown.
PERSONAL.
F. J. Thomas, a Grass Valley mer
chant, is at the Lick.
F. L. Caughey, Auditor of Mendocino
County, is at the Lick.
Fred W. Swanton and J. J. Leonard
of Santa Cruz are at the Palace.
Rev. James Grace of Sydney, Austra
lia, is registered at the Occidental.
Lieutenant George C. Rockwell. Tenth
Infantry^ is registered at the St. Fran
cis.
Abbe V. A. Huard and the Rev. F. R."
Burque of Quebec are registered at the
Palace.
Henry Marucchi, manager of the
Hotel Adams at Denver, is registered
at the Occidental.
Mrs. James Smith Jr. of Newark, N.
J., wife of Receiver Smith of the ship
building trust, is at the St. Francis. She
is, accompanied by Miss Margaret
Smith and Miss E. Kegren.
A party of 150 composed of mem
bers of the Association of Traffic
Agents of the Pacific Coast and their
wives left last evening at 7 o'clock for
Lake Tahoe. They will be the guests
of Tahoe Tavern during their so
journ there. They will return to town
on Monday morning.
The military order of the Loyal Le
gion gave a handsome dinner at the
Occidental Hotel last night. Decora
tions of American flags were greatly
in evidence.
General MacArthur was toastmas
ter. Eloquent speeches were made by
Governor George C. Pardee, Senator
George C. Perkins, Acting President
J. M. Stillman of the Iceland Stanford
University and General C. A. Wood
ruff. Music and songs in which the
whole company joined were features
of the evening.
Among those present were:
Colonel Currier, General Lauclc, Colonel P*uW
Ier, General Ewers. General Coolldse, General
Stone. Professor Stitlman. General Woodruff.
Governor Pardee. Senator Perkins. General
Chipman, Colonel Jocelyn, Captain Logan.
Chaplain Macomber. Colonel Cutter. Colonel
Smedberg. Colonel Klnne. General Noyes, Gen
eral Salomon. General McGregor. Major Coul
ter. Major Potter. Major Brown. Major Alex
ander, Major Devol. Surgeon JicXuu, Colonel
Patterson. Colonel Hlndes, Colonel Parnell.
Colonel Hersey. Colonel Andrews, Colonel
Girard. Colonel Denlcke. Colonel Lawson.
Colonel Craig, Judge Seawell. Major Callinaa.
Major Royal, Major Southworth, Major Mor
ton, Captain Burnham. Captain Thompson.
Captain Dtmpfel. Captain Kelley. Captain Co«»
Captain Fisk. Captain Murphy. Captain Mas
sey. Captain Stevens. Captain Creary, Captain
Merrill, Captain Woodward. Captain Calvin.
Junior Companion Babcock. Junior Companies
McNutt, Junior Companion Brown. Junior
Companion Donellan. Junior Companion Fuger.
Junior Companion McAlexander, Junior Com
panion Gibbs. Junior Companion Kelley, Junior
Companion Ruggles. Junior Companion Spen
cer, Junior Companion Warren. Lieutenant
Chappelalr. Lieutenant Itell. Lieutenant Flper.
Lieutenant Hardenburgh. Lieutenant Horac*
Wilson. Lieutenant Barnard. Captain Shattuck.
Cpataln Johnson. Captain Hetrick.
FALLS FROM A HOUSE
TWICE IN SUCCESSION
Guy M. Green, a carpenter, living at
2027 Market street, feels that he U
haunted by a hoodoo, for twice In as
many days he has fallen from the scaf
fold of a building at Clay and Leaven
worth streets, and each time he suf
fered a bad shaking up and lacerations
of the scalp.
Green's first fall occurred on Thurs
day, and he was reluctant to go to
work yesterday. He had been at his
post of duty but a short time when he
again fell from the same scaffold and
suffered practically the same injuries.
He was treated by the same physician
at the Central Emergency Hospital
each time. He refused to go to work at
the Place again.
Californfans in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The follow
ing Californians are In New York:
San Francisco — J. H. Ames, F. Cook,
Miss M. Deglow and J. A. Devoto and
wife, at the Imperial; B. C. Lucy, at
the Bartholdi; Mrs. T. Brill iard, at the
Raleigh; Mrs. 1/. F. Cockroft, at the
Murray Hill; Mrs. G. Gordon, at the
Raleigh: F. A. Losh and wife, at the
Continental; M. Meyerfeld Jr.. at the
Hoffman; O. O. Olsen and H. L. Olsen,
at the Ashland; M. Schwartz, at the
Broadway Central; C. W. Stults, at the
Park Avenue; Mrs. Epstein and Miss
F. Epstein, at the Ansonia; E. Blumen
thal and Miss M. Blumenthal, at the
Savoy, and W. J. Halpin. at the Ger
ard.
San Diego— P. E. Davidson, Miss L.
Kroff and A. M. Kroff, at the Victoria.
Los Angelesi — Mrs. Frame, at the Im
perial; G. Mitchell and wife and Miss
T\ Mitchell, at the Holland, and F. R.
Strong and wife, at the Imperial.
DEATH CALLS POLITICIAN.
FRIDAY, SEPT. 23.
William J. aud Lucy Trimble to W. B.
Eocrn. lot on N line ot Filbert street, 100 K
01 Franklin, K 33:4 by N 137:6; $10.
Fred L. and Ella M. Hansen to Annie Camp,
lot on S line of Eddy street, 112:6 K of Scott,
£ 23 by S S2:6; $10.
John C. Brickell to William W. Rednall. lot
on NW corner of Filbert and Scott streets,
W 137:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Lina. Htym&n to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on W 1'ne of Lyon street. 125 N of ISu&n,
N 25 by W 100; also lots S22, 824, gift may 2,
lot 560. gift map 1, and all property in Cali
fornia; $10.
Elsie Stlellng to George H. Hotnberg:, lot
on H line of Frederick street, 82:0 W of Stan
j-an. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Estates of John ard Dora M. Stelllng
(minors), by Elsie Stelling, guardian, to same,
bam*; $1125.
John Center to Antonio and Louisa I. Cuneo,
lot on N line of Twentieth street.' 50 W of
Treat avenue, W 25 by N 05; $10.
James French to Antonio H. and Matilda
L. Goette. lot on W line of Church street,
57 N of Liberty, N 25 by W. 105; $10.
Hannah and G. II. Batcheider to Charles
Musante, lot on S line of Hancock street, 205
W of Sanchez, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Mary K. and John H. von Schroeder to
B«rtha G«rgus, lot on K line of Capp street.
110 N of Twenty-third, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Laura F. Shew to William Trotter, lot on
NE cornur of Nineteenth and Eureka streets,
E 25 by N 75; J10.
E. R. and Bella Lllienthal to George Heln
ecke, lot on SE corner of Eighteenth and Eu
reka streets, E 50 by S 75; $10.
Christian Hospital Association to Pacific
Hcppltal, lot on NE corner of Stockton and
Chestnut streets. E 137:6 by N 80; $— — .
Guella Guaiino to Llugl Favilla, undivided
one-half interest in lot on E line of Mason
street, 02 N of Lombard. N 45:6 by E 70; $10.
Hugh and Mary A. Burns to Isldor Llpman.
lot on NW line of Harrison street, 125 NE of
Fourth. NE 2. r ) by NW 75; $10.
Fmltrick and Minnie Morltz to Ludwlk and
Walentyna Tomaszewskl, lot on E line of York
street. 142 N of Twentieth. N 25 by E 100: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Alfred J. Zobel.
lot on N line of Lake street, 32:6 E of Fifth
avenue. K 37:6 by N 1C0: $10.
N. C. and Bertha C. Shelley to G«org« F and
Margaret M. Keck. lot on E line of Fifth
avenue, 275 S of Lake, S 25 by E 120, and
lands adjacent; $10.
Franz A. Itrich to Mary A. Itrlch. lot on E
line of Twelfth avenue, 200 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; gift.
State of California (by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector) to B. Getz. lot on E line of
Twenty-third avenue, 175 S of California
street. S 25 by E 120; $301.
Same to same, lot on E line of Twenty-third
avenue. 150 S of California street, S 25 by E
120: $301. <
Henry and Selda Meyer to Albert Drucker,
lot on N line of Fulton street. 107:6 E of
Eighteenth avenue. E 25 by N 10O; $10.
F. B. and Belle N. Southworth to Theodore
W. L':nzcn, lot on S line of I street. 87:6 E of
ElghUrnth avenue, E 25 by S 100: $10.
Jacob Heyinan Company to Dora Ktenzle.
lot on'E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 312:6 S
of J etreet. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Oscar Hey man to Herbert and Edna Patrick,
lots 2JO. 291 and 203, gift map No. 1; $10. .
Kate L. Stoeeser (wife of Otto D., formerly
Kate E. Lemman) to Mary F. Lyons, lot en
S line of Eighteenth street. 246 E of Danvers,
E 25 by S 121, lot 12, block 2. Market Street
Homestead; .$10.
John O. and Johanna II. Vowles to John
Glllogley, lot on E line of San Jose avenue.
54 S of Kingston avenue, S 50, E 79:0%, N
S1:SVS; W 84, lots 12 and 13, Kingston map 2;
$10.
George and Kate Ryan to George B. Mef
ford. lot on NE line of Tomasa street, 67:6
NW of Butler avenue. NW 2S:9. N 70:10. E
25. S 85:0%. block 2. Franconia: $10.
Joseph, Harriet B., Jacob and Bertha G.
Welssbeln to Patrick McGinn, lot 220, Hey
man tract: $10.
Oscar Herman to John E. Bryngelson, lot
or. NW line of San Mleuel street. 200 NE of
Mount Vernon. NE 40 by NW 103 ;6, lot 52,
San Miguel Homestead; $10.'
State of California (by Edward J. Smith,
Tax Collector) to B. Getz, lot C6, block 42,
City Land Association; $35.
Sarah L. B. Stephens (wife of William B.)
to Harris S. Allen, lots 35 to 30, block I, Park
Lane tract 7, quitclaim deed: $1.
W. B. and Sarah L. B. Stephens ! to same,
lots 9 to 12, block K, Park Lane tract 7; $10.
Builder's Contract.
¦ Frledrlch Henze (owner) with Frederick
Boegle (contractor), architect — All work
for a four-room frame cottage on W line of
KsnsaB street. 222 S of Nineteenth, W 100,
S 28:4. SE to point,. N 41; $1500.
Mrs. James A. Murray, the wife of
Multi-millionaire Murray of Butte,
Mont., is registered at the St. Francis.
The Murrays- recently bought the
beautiful hacienda property at Mon
terey and it is, the inteltnon ¦ to rent
the place before occupying it. This
is the magnificent home that Hugh
Tevis built just previous to his mar
riage and to which he took his bride.
It is retjorted that for reason Mrs.
Tevis never liked the place and so
parted with it. ,
- What her dislike to the place has
never been made "public. - It is situat
ed • delightfully and commands a su
perb view of Monterey Bay. The res
idence is built of yellow brick and is
of the old mission type of architectur
al beauty.
Buttc Murrays Arrive.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23. — James R. Lowe,
a prominent attorney and an ex-Stats
Senator, died early this morning: at his
residence at 314 North First street.
He was one of the best known men
in Santa Clara County. .Lowe was a
native of Newburyport, Mass., and 64
years of age. He came to California
with his parents In 1852. They settled
in San Jose in that year and Lowe ha»
resided here ever since.
TOUTHS CHARGED WITH THEFT.—Mar
tin Armstrong, Edgar Frohmeyer and Robert
Bell were arrested yesterday by Special ¦ Offi
cers Madden and Hennesey of the Southern
Pacific ' Company •¦ on the charge of , breaking
Into fruit cars at Sixth and Townsend streets
and stealing fruit.
SAILED.
Frlcay. Sept 23.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Botvens Lasilin:.
DOMESTIC" PORT.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Scot Zi— Bark
Coloma. from San DIpso.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed tieot 22— Br »tmr Man
uka, for Brisbane.
ROME. S.'?t. 2X — The congress of Fre«
Thinkers to-day decided .to meet in Parts in
1005 and in l!>0tJ tt Buencs Ayr?» for North
and South Americans, and at Barcelona (or
Europeans, although the Spaniards In attend
ance at the pr»asni congress expressed the fear
that the Madrid Government will forfeit ta«
meeting..
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
COUNTRY OP OLD FOLKS - > r
AND LITTLE CHILDREN
and Women Are Very Scarce
In Ireland.
John Redmond Says That Youns Jlen
CHICAGO, Sept. 23. — To an audi
ence of his countrymen that filled
every seat in the Auditorium John E.
Redmond, Irish Nationalist, uttered
this warning:
Our race la slipping from Its moorings it
Is dylns- If we are passive and inactive Ire
land will cease to be the home of th> Celt
There are more old men and little children
and fewer young men and women in that
Island than in any other country on earth.
The death i of the race can only be warded off
by acting In the living present. We must not
neglect an opportunity.
Then he made this prediction:
We shall seize our opportunities. Before the
oldest man in this audience Is dead Ireland
will have won a good measure of self-gov
ernment.
HIGHWAYMEN AT WORK.— LouU Bair
llttoof 018 Pacific street was taken to the
Emergency Hospital yesterday suffering from
a wound on the bead which he says he re
ceived at the hand4 of two highwaymen who
held him up on Pacific street early, in the
morning. Baslltto says the men took $40 from
him.
THREE INJURED
IN RAIL WRECK
FRIPAY. Sept. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06%107 4s qr cp new. 131% 132 U
4s qr reg...lO7?sl08 1 3s qr coup.. .105 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co tis.HS) — J
Afso Oil 5s. 70 70% Do 5s 110% —
Bay CPC 5s.lOO"K102fe Do con 5s. — 102>4 ,
Cal C G 5S.102V4 — Oceanic S 5s. — 67 ft
Cal G & K g Om Cable 6s.l24 —
m & ct 5s. — RUi Pac G Iin is. S5 06
Cal-8t C 5s.ll2% — P E Ry 5s.. .106% —
C C Wat 5«. — 100U P Sc C H 6*. 104 —
EdL & P 6S.121 125 P & O R 69.114 —
F & C H 6s. — — j Powell-st tis. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac EG&R5s. 09»il01
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.HS% —
Do 5s 101^4 — Sierra R 6s.. 109% —
Hon R T Cs.107 — I S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — 104 (100») 108U —
L A Ry 5s.. 117 — (1010) . 100V4H0
L A L Co Cs — — S P of C 6s
Do Rtd fis. — — (inO5)Sr A.103%104VS
Do Ktd Rs.103^105 (19O5)Sr B. — 107H
LAP 1cm 58.103 — , (11)06) 10614107^
Mkt-st c 68.11414 — 0912) nemn
Do lem RB.113U — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll6>4 —
MVft MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd.109%110
NRR of C6s.l0fi% — S P B R 6S.133U —
Po 5s 119 — S V Wat 6s.lO4 104%
N P C R 5s.lO5 — Do 4s 2dm.lOO>.4 —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 09 —
N C P C 5b. — !M) Do K mtg4s f>S^ 09
N R R R 5s. — 102V4 Stkn G&E6s. 03 —
O G L&H fis. — 11014 U G & E 5S.102H —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 37^1 Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 |8 V Wat Co. 38 30
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. :?*& 3% S F G & E. 61% 62tf
Mutual E U 10 12 Stkn G & E. — 5%
Pac L Co... 68% — U O & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 L P & A 150 _
Anglo-Cal .. — S7 Mer Trust.. ..230 240
Bank of Cal. — 425 Merch Ex.... 50 66%
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..2330 — Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 42t
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. —
S F Sav U.615 — | '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196 20O IPrealdlo — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant ...... 62 — | Vlgorlt — 4%
, . SUGAR. •
Hawaiian C. 62% — Makawell C.. 28U 29V4
Honokaa 8 C ir.% 16% Onomea S C. 27% 3tHA
Hutch SPC lOVi 10«t Paauhau S C. 15% 15tZ
KUauea S C — 4%| ! "
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.126%128 Oceanic S Co. 2% 3
Cal F C A. 9» — Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. S4 84% Pac C Borx.150 —
MV& MtTm. 06 — Pac S Tel Co.100 110
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Hutchinson S P Co 10 PO
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 2 75
50 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co. .103 00
. S3.0O0 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... 117 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6 Bank of California .' 420 00
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 62 75
60 Honokaa S Co 15 «-m/
10 Honokaa S Co '.'. 1575"
10 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co. b 3........ 10 "5
100 Hutchinson S P Co 10 25
$10,000 Associated Oil Co 5 per cent.. 70 00
Street —
68 Anglo-Callforntan Bank ...... 85 «s
25 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. v Rid • Ask
Bay CPC 6s. 08% — ST C R 4b. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — . 117% S P Co 4%s.I00% —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% Sun Tel 6s?.. 112% _
M C Wat 58.100 — Do 5s 105U _
Rls I Wks 5s — 105 Suttr-st R5sl04
SF & NP Bs.lll — UR of SF 4s. 8514 83U
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala' S Co... 27 28% Lon& BP Bk. - 60
Araer Bis. Co — 00 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.105 —
Cal G&ECor. 45 — N S R R Co. 8Vi —
C Jockey C1.110 — N Cal P Co. — nti
Cal Powder. — 160 Oak Bk Sav.120 J.
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — e5 Orpheum Co.. 1514
Chute« Co .. 4 6% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Bur Co^lOS
Cyp L Imp.. 5 6% Paraf Paint.. 29
East Dynm..35O — S F Drydock. R0 _l
DpntPwd pfd 76 — SF&SJ Coal.. 17% 20
Do com ... — 60 S J Wat Co..l03% _-
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTpbt.125 -_
Fischer Thtr 10c 40c Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Truck Elect.. 12% 13
Gas Con A.. — 22% UR.InC pfd. 56U 67x4
Hono P Co.. 24 — Po com ... 12 —
Do pool . . 28
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$1,000 United R R of 5 F.4 per cent. 85 25
. Street — '
50 United R R Inv Co pfd 60 5»
California Stock and OilExchangc
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo..... ......'. ... .... 40
Associated .Trust Cert ...... ..'..¦* "1 '
Caribou ....;.....;......... 4 40 ' 4 60
Claremcnt ....;,' i ..... 80
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
READ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
After writing an account of his own
suicide, setting it up in type and read
ing it,. Schitaro Tanube, a Japanese
printer, hanged himself to a bracket
on the window of his room, $33 Sacra
mento street. The paper with the ac
count of his suicide appeared at 5
o'clock yesterday morning and flv«
hours later the Iifeles3 body of the
luckless printer was found dangling in
mid air.
Schitaro worked on the New World,
a Japanese daily at 535 Geary street.
Life to him had become a reign of
terror because of the way he was being
constantly haunted by highbinders. In
a letter found on his person he said
this and also that it was his dc-ire
to read his own obituary notice.
Schitaro was 28 years old and Jour
neyed to this country several years
ago to seek a fortune for himself and
a fair wife in old Yokohama. He
worked at his trade _and was appar
ently happy until the highbinders be
gan to pursue him. Their relentless
chase after him soon had its effect, and
rather than be captured or killed by
his mortal enemies he decided Jto quit
hl'j earthly existence.
The Seattle Electric Company has declared a
semi annual dividend of $3 per share on the
preferred stock, payable October 1.
The California Condensed Milk Company has
levied an assessment of 10c, delinquent Octo
ber 22.
Business was light on all the exchanges,
though there was a fair amount of trading
in tl*e Tonopah mines. The only fluctuation
worthy of note on the Bond Exchange was a
further advance In Pacific States Tel. & Tel.
Co. to flCS. with $109 bid at the close. This
stocK has advanced three or four dollars In
as many days.
All Classes of Stocks and Bonds
Quiet Yesterday.
WRITES STORY
OF OWN SUICIDE
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23.
Flour, qr sks... 8,2611 Alfalfa, sks .... 21
Wheat, ctls 375; Feed, eks 530
Barley, ctls 2.778 Hides. No 522
Oats ctls 1.7C6 Pelts. No 455
Beanf). sk3 1.510 Leather, rolls ... 78
Potatoes, sks ... 3,629 Tallow, ctls .... 14
Onions, sks 1,346 Lime, bbls 637
Bran eks 1,979 Wine gals 28.650
Middlings, eks .. 130 t Paper reams .... 62
Hay. tons 282 Chicory, bbls ... 36
Straw tons ..... 5 Sugar, ctls 2,500
Hops, bales 229 Quicksilver, flaks. 80
Wool, bales 278
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 10, R92 1 Bran sks 800
Oats, ctls ISO! Flaxseed. ska •• 1.101
* — *
Four " 53 59
Hanford 1 70 .>^.
Home 125 1,35
Imperial 16 00 IS 00
Independence 27 23
Kern (old) 4 50
Monte Crlsto 57 6*
Oil City Petroleum 51 55
Peerless , 12 00 13 00
Reed Crude 1 35 1 50
Sterling .... 3 00
Superior 8 12}i
Toltec 1 10
Twenty-Eight 9 50 11 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and- Improve.... 1 50 1 75
'Chutes Company - .... 7 00
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co 6
Fischer's Theater 33 40
SALES.
Morninc Session.
1C0 Kern Oil 4 50
Afternoon Session. .
100 Kern Oil 4 50
50 Twenty-Eight Oil 9 50
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Bullion 23 100 Exchequer ... 6G
100 Con Cal & V.I 15 100 Mexican 1 05
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 201 100 Ophl r 2 30
200 Bullion 251 100 Overman 20
100 Crown Point.. 14 &00 Utah 10
100 Gould & Cur. 2l[
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Goldfleld Mln 73 400 Ton Belmont.. 68
000 Goldfleld Min 77 2000 Ton Belmont.. 65
500 Goldfleld Ton. 11 tiOO Ton Midway.. 37
500 Jumbo 83 1000 Ton Midway.. 38
. 500 Jumbo 80 1000 Ton Midway,. 39
600 Mont Ton ...183 500-Ton of Nev<.8 00
1400 Mont Ton..l 82Vi
Afternoon Session.
1500 Columbia 24| 10OO Red Top 17
700 MacNamara . 3ti 500 Rescue 11
100 Mont Ton ...1 80; 5000 Rescue 10
300 Mont Ton..l 62',i 500 Ton of Nev..8 00
100 Mont Ton ...1 83| COO Ton Gold Mt. 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. 23 — 3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha 00 10 Julia C8 09
Alta 08 10|justlc« M 09 10
Andes 19 20 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 30 32 Lady Wash .. — 05
Best & Belch.l 10 1 15 Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion Zd 21 Occidental .... 73 SO
Caledonia 57 61 Ophlr 2 25 2 30
Challenge ... 18 20 Overman 19 20
Chollar 1(5 17 Potosl «. 14 15
Confidence... SO 90 Scorpion 05 07
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 15 Savage IS 19
Con Imperial. 01 C2 Se& Belcher... 11 12
Con NY 06 08; Sierra Nev 30 31
Crown Point.. 13 14 Silver Hill 42 44
E. Sierra Nev 03 Otil Pt Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 03 03
Exchequer... K 54| Union Con 39 40
Gould & Cur. 21 221 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norc. 58 60! Yellow Jacket. 23 24
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Adams 08 — | N Y Ton 04 05
Columbia 24 25! Paymaster ... 03 05
Esp^ranza ... 01 02| Pine Grove ..10 —
Eula Con .. 10 201 Qulncy li —
Gold Anchor. — 25 Ray Exten .. — 08
Gold field B Bl 08 — Ray & O'Brien 06 —
Goldfleld Mln 73 75 Ray Tonopah. — 10
Goldfleld Mhk 18 23 Red Top lfl 17
Goldfield SPk. 17 — Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Sandstorm ... 32 —
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Belmont.. 65 5«
Han M M&S. — 10 Ton & Cal .. — 20
Han Mut Co. 10 — Ton Exten 1 27% —
Hazel Kirk ..11 12 Ton & Gt W. 02 —
Jim Butler .. 30 60! Ton Gold Mt. 15 16
Jumbo ...v.. SO % — Ton Midway.. 36 S9
Little Ton .. 30 40! Ton of Nev.8 00- S 12%
Lucky Tom.. — 171 Ton *S Star .. 2rt 25
MacNamara . 35 .Ifl; Utopia ... 10
Mont Ton..l P2^ 1 "851 West End ... 13 15
General Leonard Wood Is in com
mand of the district. The War De
partment has no information what
ever of a recent butchery, nor has any
information of it come to the United
States in press dispatches. General
Ainsworth, military secretary to the
general staff, and other War Depart
ment officials, through whose hands
reports from the Philippines pass,
deny having any report of the affair.
General Wood'reported on February
29 that Sultan Hassan.'s band of Moros
had been destroyed by a detachment
under Major Hugh L. Scott. His re
port did not give the number of Moros
killed, wounded or captured, but said:
"All hostiles are now dead or cap
tured but Hassan, who is located."
Army officers who have seen service
In the Philippines estimated that the
Sultan had about 600 men. Sultan
Hassan is now confined in the guard
house at Mindanao. Rapid-fire guns
are trained upon the guardhouse and
upon the only point from which a res
cuing party could approach.' In the
event of such a raid the rapid-fire
guns would surely cause the death of
the Sultan and his followers.
In a private letter mailed on the
island on August 3, postmarked Ma
nila, August 17, and received here on
September 19, there appears the fol
lowing:
Yesterday we had another battle with Moros.
We killed about 230 men, women and children.
Thoee who were present say it was a most
terrible si?ht. Our troops cornered the Moros
and killed every one In sight and thea burned
everything they had.
If the officials will only let our men do this
about twice more there will be no more
trouble. The Moroa have been sneaking in
and cutting ud our sentinels.
We are retting hardened to the killing of
Moros the more we see our own men cut up.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23. — Sensa
tional details of the alleged butchery
of 250 Moros — men, women and chil
dren — by United States troops in the
Lake Lanas country, island of Min
danao, on August 1. are given in pri
vate letters that have been received
here. The writers describe it as the
most horrible affair since the "kill and
burn" campaign of General "Hell
Roaring Jake" Smith in the island of
Samar.
Admiral Dewey is the only naval of
ficer on the active list who has served
fifty years. Rear Admiral Watson
comes next in length of service, hav
ing entered in 1856. Only seven offi
cers now living were classmates of Ad
miral Dewey. They are: Rear Admir
als Farquhar, Howison, Howell and
Kautz, Captain A. V. Reed, Comman
der Bishop, all retired, and Major Col
lum of the Marine Corps.
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— Admiral
Dewey completed to-day fifty years oC
service In the United States Navy. He
Is sixty-seven years old and takes more
interest in the navy and affairs in gen
eral than many officers in their forties.
No man less desires to see another -war.
but if it should come at an early date
it is small secret that the victor of
Manila Bay would dearly love to com
mand the American forces at sea.
The Admiral received the congratula
tions of President Roosevelt by letter
from the White House as he sat at
his desk in the offices of the General
Board, of which he is president. This
board looks after strategical and tac
tical questions in the navy, and Ad
miral Dewey Is at his office nearly
every morning of the bu3y season.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. ~H@7*ic: Cows and Heif
ers. 5Vj®6%c; thin Cows 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4@4&c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^©3%c; Ewe». 3@314«
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— ?2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbe. 4%c;
200 to 200 lbs 4 Vie; 130 lbs and under, 4 Vic;
over 250 lbs, 4^c: soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5%@7c for Steers and 4@5c per lb
for Cowe.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7»4c; Ewes, 6@78
per lb.
LAMB— 8^@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6@8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Spectal Dispatch to The CalL
Meat Market.
Letter Declares That the
Troops * Spared Neither
Women Nor Children
Hero of Manila Bay Is Only
Officer on Active List Who
Has Served So Long
IS NOW SIXTY -SEVEN
HUNDREDS ARE SLAIN
Soldier Writes of Alleged
Slaughter in Lake Lanas
District of Mindanao
Dewey Completes 50 Years
of Service and Receives
Numerous Congratulations
13c: Pearl Oil, in cases 19%c: Astral. 19V4c:
Star. lO'/ic: Extra Star' 24c; Elaine." 26c: Ef
cene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In buli.
10c: In cases. 22V 2 c; Benzine. In bulk, l«>c: In
cases. 19i,ic: SB-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 2jc:
In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels. „.,_
RED AND WHITE LBAD — Red Lead, iH@
7?io per lb; White Lead. 7*4©7?ic. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* as follows per lb. In ICO-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. .C.25o;
Powdered, 6.10c: Candy Granulated, C.lOc; Dry
Granulated, fine Cc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
Cc; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), ; Confectioners' A. Oc;
Magnolia A 5.60c; Extra C 6.50c; Golden C.
B.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; hall
barrels, 25c more; boxes COc more; 00-lb bags.
10c more for all klndB. 'Tablets— Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for leas than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
CLAIMS MOROS
ARE BUTCHERED
HALF CENTURY
IN THE NAVY
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
STOCK-MARKET.
14
ANO SVBOJBO9S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021',, Market St.. bet. «th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases cf women.
BLOOD thin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. CALL. 107J% Market el
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats ell diseases of t'.ie human body: for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 6ti7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eai<s cared ly Chinese herbg. 746-S Clay si
PATEITT3. -
INVENTION? patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PTTaCHASIKO AOEgCTSS.
CLARA E. JEV.'ETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollclt-
ed C3US 17th Bt-.San Franclgco.Tc-l.Capp 856.
STOJEtAGE AITP WABEHOUSSS.
A — EMPORIUM Storage.* Van Co.; furniture,
household Goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nets; cfflce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy et-;
Thone Mint 29U: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped nnd stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.."o£
flee Tost a&d Powell *ts.: Ml. Prl. Ex. 571.
CoNKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: pbon> East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 849
Mission rt.: tel. Howard fril. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storag" and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. 2320 Flllmore «.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 18*0. .t-hlpplng at cut rates.
~" HTOKA^nESAl— SUPPLIES.
T^?E~WmT9ns~KING! -~-~~~-~~~-~~-
The White Grand is the most complete sew-
ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
attachments; make bcth lock and automatic
stitch; eee this wonderful machine at the
White Co.'a new retail office, 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 11)21 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $:;. $5. $8: guaranteed; where the
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market sC
SPECIAL irOTICES. *
THE -annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY. September 28. 1904, at 9 a. m., at th«
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
lor the election of trustees and such other
business that may be legally brought before
it. By order of the Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
VXAVxi
A WAT to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write Tor tt.
VIA VI CO.. Van Negs. Phone East 2S2.
STTJTTEBIirO AOT STAMMEBIKCl^
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
¦ cu"es: estab. jn S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.n:.
MAKRIAGE LICKXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
j-ecterday:
Leslie A. Gos*. 22. 76 Shotwell street, and
Bertie J. Henwcod. 18. 1263 Forty-sixth
avenue.
Georpe Kumalchto, 30,' Alameda, and Ma-
thilda s=. Anderson. 27. 2522 Pacific street.
Simon Elba. 22. 207 Lisbon street, and Anna
Furrer. 22. city.
Simeon S. Freeman. 30. 117 Eddy street, and
Anna E. B*-arsch. 21. 1S25 Pine street.
I»anlel C. Slmneon, S5. Wellington, Nev.,
and Hebecca li. Cohn. 22. .Wellington.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices tent by
mail *-ill net be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
BORDENAVE — In this city. September 20,
1IX">4. to the wife of Frank C. Bordenave
(nee* White), a daughter.
COHN— In Oakland, to the wife of Go» Cohn, |
a son.
KRAHN— In Lorln. September 22. 1904. to the
wife of William F. Krahn, a son.
EHEERIN— In Sacramento. September 17.
ir»O4. to the wife of Joseph A. Sbeertn, a
daughter.
WHITNEY— In this city, September 23. 19<M.
to the wife of «naire E. Whitney, a daughter.
j ' MARRIED.
I FINCHLEY— BATTIfc — In this city. Septem-
ber 21 1904. by the Rev. George W. White,
pastor' of Central M. E. Church, James
Walton Finchley and MarKarlte Oleta
Battls, both of San Francleco.
PAYNE— HARDWICK— In this city, Sep-
tember 22. 190i, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
Jrhomaa Payne of thle city to Emily Hard-
wick of Whetntead, England.
SERVICE — PRINCE— In this city. September
13 l'.KM. by the Rev. H. H. Bell. William
Ucorpe Service of this city and Charlotte
E. Prince of Oakland.
DIED.
Axtell, Ellen Nagle, Peter B. ,
Coats. Addlson C. Neary. Charles
Conboy «'atherlne Osequeda, Charlotte
IV5Ubelmann, Philip Pulslfer. Mra. M.
Drum. Lily M. Schilling, Samuel G.
Dunne. Peter J. Schwartz. Diedrick
Edwards, Frank Schweitzer. Mary A.
1 Koley, WUl'.am A. Sheerin, Isabel
' lUrri^-aN. Timothy Knotk, Philip B.
¦ Jehl John Stanwood, Amass.
! Kt-ll'y. Su»le E. Tapson. Archie W.
I.an». Sarah Thelen, Minnie
I/3w«'nberg. Alice M. Walsh. Nora
McAdam. Alice M. Wie/se, Dora
Mcore. John C. Zipser, Eertha
AXTELL — In thl# city. September 23. 1904,
j Ellen Axtell. beloved wife of John Axteli,
s a native of Ireland, aged 5S yean-.
(^Remains at tfce funeral parlors of the
j H. F. Maars Company, 017 Mlta'.on street.
|CO\TS— In this city, September 23, 1904,
Addla^n C. Coats, a native of New York,
ac"1 4f» years 2 months and 22 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 25. at 2 p. m.. from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment National Cemetery.
I CONBOY (nee GUleaple)— Entered Into rest,
1 September 23. 19O4, Catherine, dearly beloved
f wife of Michael J. Conboy, and darling
mother of Nina. Eva. >Haxel and Josie
Conb-jy, a native of San Francisco, aged 40
year*.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun»ral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:«0 p. m., from her late
residence. &07 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for eervices at 1 p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and . Guerrero
Ktreets.
DOI'HELMANN — In this city, September 23.-
11*04 Philip Doubelmann, brother of Carrie
and ' David Doubelmann, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 yearn.
DRUM— In this city. September 21. l»04,
Lily M., leioved wife of Frank G. Drum,
and daughter of Mrs. S. L. Snowcrass, and
I vlrter of J. G. and the late R. B. and A.
: V. Snowgrats.
CTFuneral service* will take place to-day
(Saturday),- at 2 p. ra.. at the family resi-
dence, J94O Vallejo street. Interment pri-
vate. Pleasn omit flowers.
DUNNE — There will be a requiem hum foi
j the repose of the soul of Peter J. Dunne,
1 Saturday, September 24, at St. Bridget's
"• Church, at 9 a. m.
I EDWARDS— In thia city. September 23, 1904,
Frank Edwards, a native of Scotland, aged
73 years.
FOLEY— In thle city. September 23, 1904,
William Aloyslue, beloved son of Dennis and
Ntllle Foley. a native of San Francisco,
aged 0 yrars and 3 months.
HARRIGAN— In thia city. September 22, 1904.
Timothy Karrigan. a native of Ireland,
aged tU years.
JEHL— In Ocean View. September 21, 1004,
John dearly beloved husband of .Sophia
Jehl," and devoted father cf Bertha, Alice
und John Jehl Jr.. and brother of Mrs. R.
Muller, and brothcr-ln-law of Mrs. R.
Scberf. a native- of Alsace, Germany, aged
« 43 yea 1 s 7 months and 1 day. A member of
liberty Lodge No. 344 A. O. V. W.. and
; Ueer Brewers' Union. Local No. 7.
I E3rjTriend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). September 24. at 9:30 a. m..
from hit late residence. S04(S San Jose ave-
nue. Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's
Church, where a solemn requiem high masa
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In thU city. Seotember 23. 1904.
Sucle E. Kelly, daughter of Mary and the
late John Kelly, and sister of Rose Kelly.
B^Servloeu and interment private.
LANE — In thl« city, September 23, 1904,
Sarah, beloved mother of William E., John
H,. George A. P. and Charles C. Lane." Mrs.
A. A. Stannberry. Mra. Lucy Clark and
Mrs. Martha Crlttenden, a native of ' Eng-
land, aged 78 1 1 am 11 mjiJUlftm
gT'Fricnda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
' BOOSTS TO SET— jPnra. — a 'Ont-ara. J
ELEVENTH. 128— Furnished rooms to let.
rl.LlS 7^2 Furs'.shed rooms to let-
v 1F.1L. 330— Furn!::hed rocmi to let.
K'i^'U 809— Kledjf furr.iehed sunny front
' Voon.e, . r >«c and ud: cults Jcr 4 persons, $2
j«t day. V-
T'\ LTON. <^« — Xuraished room to let; tele-
phone in Iious'j^
KI'RNISHED rooms to let: all locations.
Phone C'.ay D88 cr call 117 Putter st.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to Jl 25 r.i£ht; JI 50 to $6 wk.; rcfedlnc-room.
1 OWAUI), «li — Large runny rooms at low
'rstet; ~"- *"» *1 da >' sr * d $123 to $5 Trtek.
HOWARD, 760A — Furnished roods to let.
HTUI?. 1M9 — Room* to let.
LARKIN. 433 — Nicely furnished rocir.s for
housckwpins. .
MARKET. J040 CTh- Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
hot, odd water, elevator; windows for parade.
MARKET, 1T22— Furr.iiOifd rooms to let.
MAPON, 514. near Sutter — Furnished funny
ruoros; sufte or *ir.yle; modern; reasonable.
¦ *— — j
METUOPOLI'ry K Hotel. 125 Third «t. — 400
s'.nple aliU :an lly rc»oir.s ."»c to M r<0 per day,
52 to IS per w<*k: the only new and mod-
ez-n hot?! and rooii-.ir.g hout-e In San Fr_-
circo tfcat r.=^ hot «i<d told water, electric
liKhis tail bells, steam h^it in even* room
and give* free liatha tuid eiev-etor aervice day
%n£ cieht to im evicts.
MISF30N. £17— Furnished rooms to let.
M1SFJCN. 1CC7 — Neatly turclthed front parlors
«nd kitchen; reasonable.
.MISSION. 1324 — Furr.ished rootni to let.
NATOMA. 6S2 — Furnished rooms to let.
KATOMA. CIS — Nice, front. »unny room to
NINTH. 134 — Furnished rooms to let.
NOE, C77— Room to let; it Is large, pleasant,
convergent and reasonable.
OAK. i:*— Nice furnished front parlor; prl\-at*
boute; 1 or 2 perron*; $10 to $12 month.
PAGE. 1T76 — 2 urifurnietaed rooms and bath;
tall mornings.
PINK. 1920 — Furnlined rootni to let.
rCLK. 725 — Nice furnished room In nice !o-
. cation. .
POST. C2— Nice single rooms to let.
ICfT. 10.I7. cor. Park— Beautifully furnished
rooms. i>:ncle or en suite.
rCWELL. 2CC4 — A tunny front room with
b«th. $10.
6VOTT. f.03— Nicely furnished front room to
let.
EXXTH. 14S— Rooms to let. uith privilege of
light hou*ekeer>i"C
THE L«rchinont. 361 Sutter — New brick bl-g..
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam beat,
privilege to taths: $3 to $6 wetk.
THIRD, ."/*_ Nioe sunny rooms, bath; reason-
able, cut»t and respectable. j
I'NITED FTATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400 j
rooms. SSc to SI night. SI 75 to S6 week; elec-
trie lights <r.c gut), running water in tverr I
room; e'.evator, re<*d.-room; lree bus; baggage. '.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d tt.. near Market— \
v . • convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; ,
25c to f 1 60 nirht: $2 to tH week; elevator; 1
elec. !:ghU: reading-room; free bus; baggage, j
V.OLF II out*, ccr. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church at*.
A BRANCH cfflce of The Call for the reception
of a4verti»ement* and subscriptions has beea
<£wr.ed at loors Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
<"»t*n un'il 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOABD. '•
BEST location; excellent table; cheerful, hand-
Bcnielv furnished rooms, single or en fuite;
moderate pri<-e» by week or month; $30 per
month and upward. The Newport. 1018 Pine.
0 FARIiULL, 1194— Private boarding: uunny
roumv: hot and ccM water; terms reasonable
for two.
!:LLIt\ 45.T — Fine furnished rocir.e, with ex-
cellent table board; price* reasonable.
COilORA. 621 OTarrell — Large room, with
bath: superior tai>le; fine ground* ; rates low.
EL'l'Y. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn. j
tunny rooms; table board; reas.; new xnanag. j
FRANKLIN. 151S— Sunny rooms, with board,
tSO: also hou*ekeepir.g suite: hot,cold water. !
XVOW aRD. S43A— Flnrt -class' board and room.
t«tnglt or dcuble. S&-$6 wk.; American family.
PLEASANT rrom. excellent home table; sin-
gle. %Ti ftq Phone West 24$. Box 1713. Call.
::'" IZS. with board; all locations. Phona Clay
99*.
El'TTER. K20 — Elegantly furnished sunny
Iront roin-ia, with or without board.
KOOM »nd i»card In private family. -42S
Jcres st.
Ftever.non Msnaion. opp. Crare Church annex.
KTT California- -fW rooms. I«-arn rrice». try table
1 ;
aOOM-REKTXNO AGEHCY.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
«CV-t them rented qu'.ck telephone to Clay 936,
or »*11 at 117 Futter st.
TTPETTEITERS AUD SITFFt.rE3.
AN exceptlona!!y goo4 No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Ernlih Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals S2 SO. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California st.
ZD-HAND typewriters acid, rented, repaired.
W«- b»tfi Typewriting Irjpec Co.. 508 Market.
_-__„ TO^lJE^ i
KiriLDINO C3x5'»: suitable for manufacturing- '
or bia'k*rr.:th shop. 22 Oortland «ve.
DnrxpEBTD srojrxcss.
VI VII 'END Notii* — Mercantile Trust Company
at Can FranrUco. Dividend No. 4 of three
dollart per rhare will I • payable at the ol-
fl<* cf the corporation. 4C4 California tt.. Ban
Franelfccot October 1. 1S»O4. Trantfer books
will close £eptetnf*r 23. 1JXH.
JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
legal aroTicrs.^
1 HAVE iiurchased the faloon business for-
mtrlv conducted by A. A. LONU. known a*
the U'bite Houm. at Ccltna. All outstanding
¦» mukt tt prirented for payment
within i days. IV. 1: t-PCNCER.
FBOPO3AU5.
dnratnrr ok califoijcia. Berkeley:
Notice to Cur.t>cU/re. Uuildera and Material
51co— NeUci. i:». -.-«'•:• given that sealed bid*
are •elicited for i-trrorniSnz the lct-.r and
:i.-!-.i:.t..rv the material* for the Etalrwork.
rr.e al. 1 (this bid to be separate from the
;oreguirig) lor the rooting and sheet metal
wcrft fur California Hull, on the grounda of
the University of California, at Berkeley.
California, and said toii*. on either on* or
on/botti undertakings, will be received at th«
cffUc of Ui* Ilt-grnta. fouth Hall. Berkeley.
» mt or before 12 ra. of September 24. 1&04.
jJo bids will b- considered unless aocoir.-
pavsied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor cf the Regents of the University of
California, equal to t«-n (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If *ald bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
cctcr in'.a m proper contract and gire bond to
j«rfcrra faithfully the duty and obligations in
acccrdance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part cf FUch contract. The right to
r*J*ct *ny or all bids Is hereby rewerved.
By order of tbe Committee on Ground* aod
fcu;l /l ;:. = » «f the Dnard of Recent*.
V. H—HEN PERSON. Acting Secretary.
KAN FIIANCISCO. CAL.. September 24, 1004—
s-alej iiroporal*. in triplicate, will be re-
• • :\>-ii htre ur.til II o'clock a. in.. October
Rn. 1901. and then opened for constructing
••ldltlcxi* 10 Captains Quarters at Infantry
fsr.nmrrt-nU PreaJdio of tan Francisco, Cal.,
:.< liiuir.p plumbing. Government reserves
• be right to reject or accept «ny or all bids
in whole or In part. Information furnished
on application to VTM. S. PATTEN, Assist-
ant Quartermaster General, Chief Quarter-
msrter.
AL'CTION sale— Office General Superintendent
Army Transport Service. San Francisco, Cal..
Stpt. 5, HKJ4 — There will be wld at public
auction, at 11 o'clock a. m., September 27,
.-.•'•4 at Fcleoro -street wharf, a lot of miscel-
laneous condemned v <jnartermaster'« stores,
a iM of which ran he seen at Folsom-street
wharf. C. A. PEVOL. Major and Quarter-
maater. V. 8. A.
EEALED prupoaals. In duplicate, trill be re-
celve-d at Alratras Island, Cal., until 3 p.
to., October 21. 1904, for the purchase of
«*>a6einn«-d ordnance and ordnance stores.
Catalogue* giving quantities, condition, etc.,
ra« be had on application to Lieutenant A.
C. Kaowles. Thirteenth Inf—trr.
September .25, at 10:S0 a. m., from the
funeral parlors of Porter & White, 423
Golden Gate avenue. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
LOWENBERG— In Dimond, Alameda County.
Ca!.. September 22, 1904, Alice M. beloved
wife 1 of the late • William Lowenbers and
mother of Mn*. Frank D. Worrell and the
the late Charles Lowenberir. a native of
Indiana.
McADAM— In Oakland, September 22. 1001,
Alice M., beloved wife of Samuel McAdam,
and daughter of J. F. and Marsaret Teague,
and sister of William. J. E.. J. J-. Walter
and Nellie Teague. a native of California,
ased 33 years.
""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
September 24. at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, St52 Campbell street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reuose of
her soul, comment-ins at 9:->0 a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MOORE— In this city. September 22. 1904,
John C, dearly beloved husband of Hannah
Moore, nnd' lovina: father of James A. and
Edward F. Moore, Mrs. George Garesche
and the late Nellie and Annie Moore, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 01 years.
""The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 0:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1474 Page street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a solemn requiem masa will
be celebrated for the rcpoae of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Th» funeral detail of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance Association will assemble at 1474
Page street, at 9:30 a. m., Saturday, 24th
Inst. to pay the last tribute of rtaoect to
our late brother, John Moore. All members
are Jnvited to attend.
THOMAS F. MeGRATH, President.
THOMAS E. GIBBONS. Cor. Secretary
NAGLE — In this city, September 10, 1904, at
his residence. 742 C street, Richmond Dis-
trict Peter Buck, beloved father of James
L-. Charles G. and Peter B. Nagle, Mrs.
Catherine F. Brown, Mary C. and Clara G.
Nagle. a native of Canada, aged 77 years 10
months and 19 days. (Buffalo, N. Y., papers
please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
S«ptemb«r 25, at 1 p. m., from the Masonic
Temple. Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44,
F. and A. M. Interment Cypresa Lawn
Cemetery, by funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero street*.
NEARY — In thle city. September 22, 1904.
Charles, beloved son of Margaret and the
late Nicholas Neary. and brother of Nicholas
and Emma Neary and the late Mra. Mary
E. Mailough, and uncle of Rudolph ; and
Agnes Mailough, a native of Canada, aged
42 years 6 months and 24 days. A member
of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, Local
No. 222. J. L. M. and T. A.
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of the
United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1:30 d. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
OSEGUEDA— In this city. September 22. 1904,
Charlotte, dearly beloved daughter of Mar-
rlsa and the late Matildo Osequeda, and be-
loved sister of Joseph, Francis and Raymond
Oaequeda and of the late Dolores and Mary
Osequeda, a native of San Francisco, aged
IS years and 29 days.
PL'LSIFER— In this city, September 23, 19M.
Mrs. Martha Pulslfer. mother of Anna Pul-
sifer. Mrs. H. B. Klncaid and Mrs. H. L.
Hamilton, a native of Maine, aged SI years
and 6 months.
SCHILLING— In this city. September 23, 1904,
Samuel G. Schilling, son of Rita and the late
Jacob P. Schilling, and brother of Bailey P.
and Edward S. Schilling, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged oS years.
SCHWARTZ — In this city. September 23, 1904,
at his residence, S.'JSl Twenty-fourth etreet.
near Valencia, Diedrick, dearly beloved
husband of Louisa Schwartz, and lovlns
father of John and Emma Schwartz, Mrs.
G. F. Smith. Mrs. F. II. Kugeler, Mrs. J.
F. Siebe and Mrs. H. A. Thayer, a native of
Hanover. Germany, azed 76 years 5 months
and 12 days.
C?"Funertil and Interment strictly private.
Please omit flowers.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, September 21.
1904, Mary Agnes, wife of William
Schweitzer, and beloved mother of Edith
Schweitzer, and daughter of Patrick and
Mary Kllcy, and etster of Mrs. Eugene Mur-
phy and John. Henry, Anita and Elizabeth-
Florence Riley. a native of Wiseons-in, aged
24 yf:ars and 3 days.
CJTFriends ant: acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:15 a. m., from her late
residence, 1013 Clay atr*et, near Larkin,
thence to St. Brigid's Church.where services
will be held at 9:45 a. r.k, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SHEERIN — In Sacramento. September 2S.
1904, Isabel, beloved daughter of Joseph A.
and Isabel K. Sheerin.
SNOEK— -In this city. Setrteniber 23. 1904.
Philip B., dearly beloved son of Pauline
Raynaud Atkinson and the late N. J. Snoek.
and devoted brother of Annette Snoek and
srran'l."*i!i of Mrs. A. Raynaud of MIS Lom-
bard Etreet and the late Felix Raynaud. a
native of San Francisco, aged 19 years 6
jnonths and 17 days.
STANWOOD— In this city. September 23. 1904,
at his res-ldemce. 10:15 San Bruno avenue,
betweeen Twenty-eecond and Twenty-third
streets. Amasa, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Stanwood, and beloved father of
William F.. Mary R., Robert E., Maud
R. and Hannah M. Stanwood, Mrs. H. B.
Sweeney. Mrs. E. E. Duff, Mra. J. London
and Mrs C. G. Glanlnnl. and brother of H.
L. Stanwocd and Mrs. H. Griffin of Bruns-
wick. Me., a native of Brunswick, Me.
TAPSON— In Alameda. September 23, 1904.
at the home of his parents. Archie Want-
worth TaD»>on, beloved husband of* Alice
Bowman Tacaon, and dearly beloved son of
Joseph and Georrlna Frances Tapson, and
brother of A. V. Tapson and Mrs. W. E. C.
Roberts, a native of England, aged 31 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. September 25, at 2 p. m.. at 550
Santa Clara avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. «
THELEN— In this city, September 23, 1904.
Minnie, beloved daughter of Dorathea and
the late Joseph Thelen. and beloved sister
of Mra. M. Schmitt, Mr*. C. Grieb and
Leonora, Charles, Joseph and Otto Thelen,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years
and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), September 25, at 1 p. m., from
h*r late resldencfl, 1013 Scott street, near
Sutter. where services will be held under the
auspices of Amity Rebekah Lodge No. 161,
I. O. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery.
WALSH— In this city, September 21. 1904,
Nora, beloved daughter of the late Thomas
and Mary Walsh, sister of Thomas and
John Walsh. Mre. John Hurley and Mrs.
William Coahan. and cousin of Maggie Me-
I>ermott, and niece of Mrs. Kate Dugan of
Mayn>ld, a native cf San Francisco, aged
31 years 6 months and 19 days.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadrten, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion etreet. thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 10:16 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WIESE — Entered Into rest. In Alameda, Sep-
tember 23, 1904, at her residence, 1601 Rail-
road avenue. Dora, dearly beloved wife of
the late Charles C. H. Wlese, and loving
mother cf Mrs. Katie Hemming, Mrs. WI1-
helmlne Westerlund and Charles H.. Henry
and John Wlese, and sister of Harry and
Charles J. Wehr, a native of Kiel. Germany,
agnd M years 3 months and 21 days. A
member of Schuetzen Ladles' Club.
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), September 25, at 1 p. m.. from
the parlors of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 MIs-
frlon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
th»nce to St. Johannra (German) Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, Twenty-second street,
between Mission and Howard, where eervices
will be hsld. commencing at 1 :30 p. m. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ZIPSER — In Colma, September 23, 1904
Bertha, beloved wife of the late CharleB
Zipser, and devoted mother of Adolph
Orllck, Charles R., Arthur A. and Gustave
Zipser, a native of Germany, aged 61 years
7 month* 'and 1 day.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), September 25, at 1 :30 p. m., from
her late residence, Sullivan avenue near
Colma. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STRIKE AT AN END.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— The nine
months' struggle of the machinists and
boilermakers of the Chicago, Lake
Shore and Eastern Railroad against a
10 per cent wage reduction is at an end.
The company announced that if the un-
ions would call off their strikes it would
reinstate as many of the former em-
ployes as possible at the lower wages.
The result was a stampede of more
than . half" of the 400 strikers, which
caused fighting and 1 brought out the
police.
*» —.— ¦ — ,»,
FREE FREE FREE
A two-pound package of
PILLSBURY'S VITOS
The choicest product of the best
wheat in the world.
Made by the millers of Pills.
bury's Best Flour.
A single package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food.
¦ - i
FREE WITH' WANT ADS;
. See announcement on classified
page. .There wm no further advanc* in fresb
grades of Butter and Esrgs yesterday and th*
general opinion among the trade was that both
were high enough for the present aa they
are beginning to drag. Som« dealers reported
slightly Increased stocks of Eggs, while all
had more Butter than they • could readily
move. There < Is so much cold storage and
Eastern Butter and Eggs here that these de
scriptions are receiving most of the public at
tention, especially since the gap between them
In priee has widened so much as It has during
tbe past few days. - Cold storage Eggs have
advanced, but even now they are 10c below
the fresh goods.
There Is nothing new 4n Cheese
Receipts were .19,800 lbs Butter 629 cases
Eggs and S60O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first " hands, 29c
for extras and 27#2Sc for firsts; dairy. 21©
24c; cold storage. 24c: store Butter 17020c;
Eastern creamery, 21%Q23c; Eastern ladle-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 3Q3Kc; San Queatin,
$4 50; Wool Ba«9. 3(«.'>2c; Fleece Twine. 7Uc:
Fruit Bags, 6%©7%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $S per: ton: N«w Wel
lington $9; Seattle. $4 50; Bryant. $6 50:
Beaver* Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $12 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $!) per ton; Coke.
$11 50®lit per ton In bulk and $13 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton.
-OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas*s
add" 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for bolted and
Bfia for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, «*s«». *» 10 @l 12 = *-«"«>l. 50c for
boiled and 48c for r*w; China Nut. cases.
e&eSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
58d for Ceylon and 53c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Swrm OH,r«3e: extra bleached- winter- Wttalo
on 57c- natural Whale OH. 52c; extra winter
strained' L«rd OU 73c; No. 1 Lard OH. «5c;
pure NeaUfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL
C3*.- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c- Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish on. 33c: boil«d Paint Oil. 33c: raw Palntf
OIL— Water White Coal OIL la bma.
General Merchandise.
Conditions and 'prices In the Poultry market
showed but little change from the previous
report. ' Large Hens and fat Ducks were
scarce and firm, but otherwise the market was
weak. Young chickens continued to drag as
retailers were well supplied with Western
young stock, which has been arriving freely
of late. A car of Western Poultry was re
ceived late yesterday and was held over for
to-day's market. Game ruled firm at previous
prices* • .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14@15c rer
lb for Gobblers and 15@17c for Hens: young
Turkeys, 22024c pec lb: Geese, per pair $1 50
<J1 7.7; Goslings. $1 75©2: Ducks. $-l©4 60 rer
dozen for old and ?4 50©« for younz;
Hens, $4 50«5 for small and $5 50®8 for
large; young Roosters, $505 60; old Roc«ters,
$4^4 60- Fr>'<*rs. $t®4 50; Broilers. $2 50^3 50-
Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50<a
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. $1 per dozen: Hare.
$1 60 per dozen: Rabbits. $2 per dozen for
Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Bent. 23.— There U evidently
a pr;>gr«6«ive diminution In tbe Interest In the
nock market. To-day' 6 tranpactiens fell be
low half a million shares. In contrast with
Ia«t week's daily dealings Jn over a million
*lw.rtF.' This Jrave* but '.ne day cf this week
In whirh transaction* reached that aggregate.
tjfrtJment *eern«l aJtcifpther indifferent to the
incrket. and it waa ailoncd to drift for. the
tn<«t part t.> meaper tradings. There was not
«v«t. tli* congested activity In fpecttl stocks,
•¦ ;.;¦ h is all that has k«pt up tbe level of tbe
dealings for ecverai days. 7*he I*aclflcs. how
«vcr. t-ontlnued the most prominent features In
the market. Tbe circulation of rumors re
pardlnsr them, which has been Inoes6ant
throughout the week, was not In evidence to
*4ay. I*crl.af.s for that reason tbe strength of
Vaiaa Pacific f«*med to impart some strength
in ron-f. cr-hcrs in its group by- Fymi-athv
Atchi»< n »»« rtot notably uliecloAr-, The East
«rn railroad* wrrr not ocnFiilcuouj". but they
overcame the early tligbt depression which
affected th<tn, which watt partly due to Belling
attributed to London account. The falling oft
!n net eamir.rs for August r*norted by the
Baltimore and Ohio may have act^d as a drag,
on the croup. A rather lanaruid Interest was
tal.cn In the bank statement, although the
halt in the market oseratlons may have been
with ¦ de«ir* to know the complexion of to
morrw'j! statement before extending opcra
. tions. T>* doubtful factor is the loan Hexa,
** ti*ual. The currency movement xhows a
<l»>creaee of over $J. 000.000 In <-ash up to
Thursday night. Tftere is mine probability of
a contraction In the loan item, as ft is said
that the tmst companies have been placing
loans duriusr the we*k. This Is a process that
drir«Iop* as money rate* rise above the rate
ob 6eBocit» Allowed by the banks. Tbe effect
New York Stock Market.
HIDES »VNI> SKTXS— Culls and brands selt
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy . and 8%c for light;
Stags. «%c: Salted Kip. 9%er Salted Veal. 10c;
Saltsd Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 19c: Sa«epskms. shearlings. 23<9
40c each; short Wool. 40<9«5e each; medium,
75#90c: long Wool. 1181 CO; Hors« Hides,
salt. $2 73 for large and $?Q2 50 for medium.
$1 23Q1 75 for small and 60c for Colts: Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 73 for large and $1 Sfr for ms
dlum. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Sktiw — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat
8klns — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do.
$1. 23: large. 50c; medium. 33c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4JJ4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%e; Grease. r%ff3c
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. OsSllc: Southern. 8t}9c; Southern Moun
tain. B#llc: Middle Countiea. free. 12#l4c:
do defective. 10912c; Northern free. 12914c:
do defective. 10G12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14®13c per lb.
HOPS — 1904 erop. 23<?2Sc per ft.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
New York Money Market.
JTETT TORK, Sept. 23. — Money on call, firm;
highest 2. lowest 1%: ruling rate. 2: last loan,
2: closing bid. 1%: offered at 2 per cent.
Tiro* loans. Fttady; rtxty days, 3S3% r«er
c*nt: r.!n»»ty days, 3U©3Vic; six months, 3*;®
4 O*r cent.
Prime m«rcatitl!e paper 4@5 per cent.
Sfrlmr fxchange steady, with actual bus
iness in backers' bill* at $4.8.%80®4.S5S5 for de
irsTia and at $4.8350®4.S360 for sixty day
bill*.
"osted rate*. S4.S4%ffi4.K7.
• Oirr.ir.ercial Mils. $4.S2%®4.S3%.
Par silver, 57*4e.
Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Government bonds, strong; . railroad bonds,
firm.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23. — Th« following table
compiled by Bradstreet, rhow* the bank clearl
Ings nt the principal cities for the week ended '
I Septcr-.ner 22. with the percentage of Increase i
and decrease a3 compared with the corre
¦ponding week last year:
New York $1,307,497,258 2.58 34 6
Chicago 173,361,72!) 7 0
Boston 117,:55li,'J18 .... 63
Philadelphia 11L891.M4 8 3
St. Louis 57,<lir>,!»19 17 4
Plttsburg 38,040,168 ..".. ji'fl
1 Pan Francisco ... 32,450,57!) 12 7
Baltimore 20,008,431 .. "3* 4 J
Cincinnati 24,50fM5O 19 9 ' !
i Kansas City 23.257,785 5.7 i*.
New Orleans 14,l!C\74rt Is. 6
Cleveland 12,370,536 .. ii'g
Minneapolis ..... 22,641,517 43.4
Detroit 10.218,027 8.1
Louisville - 9,581,327 .. 2*7
Omaha 7.S46.592 4.g
Milwaukee 9,730,902 15 4
Providence 6.472,800 18.3
Buffalo- fi,183.472 21.8
Indianapolis 7,135,587 28.4 ""
St. Peui «,or>s,i.;o 4.3 ..""
Los Angeles 6,117,720 4 »
St. Joseph 4,«»6,511 -5.3 ..."
Denver 5,753,680 0,6
Colujt<t«3 4,S09,500 9
Memphis 3.6. r )2,4(;8 46.6
Seattle 4,539.181 18.6
Richmond 3,757.960 8.6
Washington 3,500,879 4.2
Savannah * 6,.17fi,5<15 16.6 »
Albany 3,745,188 34.5 ."."
Portland, Or ' 4,715,244 19.2
Fort Worth 3.040,1)81 02.6 ."."."."
ToM<\ Ol:ln .... ;j,.T!::,07rt 21.1
Salt Lafcr City... 2.791,219 \Y.Q
Pccrln 3.2'i7.»41 9.0
Atlanta 2,79.1,07:) 2-1.7
Rochester 2,472.014 3.7 . ,
Hartford ..,'. 2,500,812 10. fl ...'.
Nashville 2,473.(525 18.1 ....
Des Momrs 2,422,323 24. «¦ ....
Spokane, Wash... 2,0)35,226 24.1 ¦-
Tacoma . . . ." 2,394.210 29.1 . ;
•Grand Rapids 1.874,186 ....
New Haven 1,848,259 26.4
Dayton ...... .1,477,772 63
Norfolk 1,667,028 13.2
Spnngfleld, Mass. 1.445,903 7.9
Worcester 1,169,277 11 v
Portland, Me 1.575,219 15.9
Augusta. Ga 2,020,625 20.7 .'...
Top^ka 585,025 67 8
Bloux City 1,892,623 14.8 ..
Syracuse 1.106.918 fi.l
Evansville 1,180.465 1 8.1
Birmingham 1.911.731 'b'i
Wilmington, Del. 921,362 .... .16 5
Knoxville ....... 1.250,370 \ 25B
Davenport 8G1.990 26.4 '
Little Rock ..... 714,204 14.6 ;. ¦"
Wilkeebarre ..... 741,6«l .... wi
Fall River ...... 480.271 32*5
Macon ........... 704,808 .... 12*0
Wheeling, W. Va. 755,500 16.8 ¦
Wichita , 1.109,547 53.1 '/"
Akron • 615,000 .... 33*0
Chattanooga 690,104 5.1
Springfield, 111. .. 790.142 12.7
Kalamazoo, Mies* 718,876 ..... 2.7
Youngstown " ¦ 419,297 .... •>*» 2
Helmut ....-* 472,655 .8 ....
Lexington ....... 407.809 .... -25 2
Farzo, N. D. .... 478.083 ..y..' : , .8
Trade In the Potato market was more
active yesterday than at any time during the
pttst two weeks, as retailer* were of the opin
ion that the storm would Interfere with dig
ging In the river districts, and were pur
chasing more freely than previously.- The
market was still heavily supplied, however,
and prices showed no improvement. The
same may be said of Onions. •
Changes in miscellaneous' vegetables wrre
Flight. Fresh arrivals of Tomatoes and Lima
Beans did better during the early trade, as
most of the day's receipts came to band late.
Prices sagged, however, upon tbe arrival of
the belated supplies, and there ¦ was quite a
surplus unsold at the close.
POTATOES— Burbanka from the river. 50^
7.1c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. S1S21 35 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal: G«rnet Cfciles. ?5<?S3c;
Sweet Potatoes. $1R1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— $161 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 60c«$l 25 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans. 2©4e
per lb; . Lima Beans. 3@4c per lb;
Tomatoes, 15® 40c per box; Summer Squash,
40@50c per box; Cabbage 75c per ctl:
Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers 40050c
per box; Pickle Cucumbers. W)cie$l 25 per box;
Garlic. 4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 35@50c per
box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 30O
40c per box; Green Peppers, 4O@6Oe per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $15 per ton.
Exchange and Bullion.
Exchange on London Is. lower, both here and
In Continental center*. Local exchange on
New York Is higher. Silver Is unchanged.
LOCAL. /
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 8t
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 HbU
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 M '/*
New York Exchange, sight — , 04
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — O«
8llve/. per ounce — 6l '»
Mexican Dollars — *9
INTERNATIONAL.
N>w York on Mexico 215%
Berlin on London
Paris on London ...25.1.0
¦ Wheat -and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures wer« higher.
Argentine advices were generally favorable,
though locusts were reported in portions of
Santa Fe province.
Chicago was higher, advancing 3%c. The
private wires of E, F. Hut ton & Co. said:
"It was a fairly steady, and hesitating mar
ket during the early part of the day. but ad
vanced rapidly at the close. The large-re
ceipts caused some uncertainty In the feeling
as to whether tlie milling demand would ab
sorb them. As heretofore, the milling demand
took all offerings. of Wheat In all markets and
generally at higher prices. They report a good
demand for Flour. While the Southwest move
ment may and probably will decrease Foma
what, the Northwest movement Is likely to
continue for some weeks. Will the mills con
tinue to absorb this, or'^wlll they not? So far
they are doing so."
In this market futures were about lc higher
in the morning, with a very fair business. The
cash grain was unchanged. Interesting news
of the movement ot Pacific Coast' Wheat to
Chicago and other Western points will be
found In the first column.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 60: California. White
Australian. $1 55(31 62%; Northern Club. $1 40
@l 60; Northern Bluestem. $1 57%Q1 62% per
FUTURES. ~
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. . High. Low. C!os«.
December ...$1 51% (1 52% $15194 $152%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...51 52% $1 62% $1 52% $!r 52%
BARLEY — The cash grain was higher,
choice Feed selling up to $1 11'4. Futures
were quiet and unchanged. There is a good
demand for tbe cash stuff.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 OS%@1 11U: new Brewing and
Shipping, $1 12%®1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%^
1 30 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December— No Bales; $1 11% asked.
2 p. .m. Session.
December — $1 f%Ji.
OATS — Continue firm and in good demand
and seed .lots show a slight advance.
White. $1 37%@1'55; Surprise, $1 50®l 60;
Red, $1 22%<gl 42% for feed and $1 40@l 50
for seed; Black. ?1 30©l 35 for feed and $1 00
@1 70 for seed.
CORN— Lower prices for both State and
Western are being quoted. .A sample of new
State large yellow was showing on 'Change
and was quoted at $140. It was medium
grade. ¦ ¦ ¦
Western sacked, $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 40#l 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 4<J@1 45; small round
do $1 5»«1 62%:- White, nominal; Egyptian,
$l'.15@l 43 for White and $1 25®l^{0 for
Brown. • " - " •' -:¦¦¦
RYE— $1 35@l 40 per ctl, ;
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
'Illoitr and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California . Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7dQ5:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 si© 4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in package* are as
follows:. -Graham Flour,- $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $2 SO; extra cream do. $3 tiO;
Oat Mesl. $3 7fi; Oat Groats $4; Hominy.
$3 60®3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. $S 50; FaxlnaJ $3 75: Whole Wheat
Flour. f3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 &0Q7 50; in
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
There is nothing new here and the Western
markets continue slow. Brokers' wires from
Chicago yesterday said: "It is a -wry Call
market. Outside interests are slow and upecu.
lativ« operations small. The distributive de
mand continues good and receipts of Hogs are
ratheT small. We are inclined to think prices
should do better, but the market lacks m. r»a
eral outside Interest."
CORED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
¦heavy, 11 %c Tor light medrnm. 14e for llgtit,
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured: dry salt Sides. 10%c; BeKies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. I3%c; Mes» Beef. $10©10 5» p»r
bbl; extra Mess. $11611 50;. Family. $12©12 30;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. *2V
Mesa. $18: Dry Salted Pork, 10% c: Pig Park'
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5: Smoked Beef 14c per lb
k LARD— Tierces quoted at «%c per lb Cor
compound and 9%e for pare;' half-b»rr*ls.
pure. 8%c; 10-lb tins. 10V4c; 5-lb tins. 10%e:
U-lb tins. 10%c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, S%e: thr»«
half bbls. SUc; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
Sc; five tierces. 7%c p«r lb.- .... -<.• •
Provisions.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23. — The excitement In the
wheat market came toward the close of the
day. Notwithstanding heavy receipts In the
Northwest the market opened firm, December
being up »4c to %c at $1*10% to $1 10%. In
itial quotations of May were %c lower. to
higher at $1 12% to -$1 12%. The Improved
tone at the start was due to higher cables,
wet weather In Manitoba and Minnesota and
decreased shipments from Argentina, Several
prominent operators were active buyers of th«
December option, the demand blng so pro
nounced as to induce general covering by
shorts. From $1 10%, at which price Decem
ber i«old soon after the opening, an advance to
$1 11% was made. May in the meantime sell
ing up to $1 12%. The market then broke,
under fair realizing ealcs, tba Impression be
ing that some big holders were quietly dis
posing of their linen while ostensibly support
ing the bull movement. After remaining
around $1 11 the market again receded. The
bears were given encouragement about this
time by a report oi a St. Louisj • trade journal
statins that weather conditions in the South
weet continued favorable for the new . sown
crop. Increased ' primary receipts were an
other factor. Tlie market, however A wu
drifting down when trading suddenly became
wild. News from abroad wap considered ex
tremely bullish. Shorts, alarmed at the pros
pects, were Instantly animated* buyers. "With
light offerings, prices rose rapidly. One of
the main features In the foreign cables was
a rumor that the French Government was con
templating the removal of the import duty on
wheat. Another factor was the announcement
made by a well-known foreign crop statisti
cian to the effect that the requirements of.im
porting countries this year would be the heav
iest on record. These advices, combined with
reports from St. Louis of a good demand for
flour, were tho principal influences that con
tributed to the late bullishness. Just before
the close the December options sold at $1 14,
closing lc up at $1 13%@1 13%. May anvanced
to $1 14%. closing with a gain of lc at $1 14%
«fl 14%. u
Warm weather throughout the West was the
dominating Influence In the corn market. De
cember closed at SO>40<{>O3fcc. Tbe oat mar
ket was weak as a result of rapidly increasing
stocks. December closed %<jjf%e up to 30%e~-
Early weakness in corn Induced some liqui
dation of provisions, but there was enough
demand to hold prices steady. The fact that
the hog movement Is small and shows no
signs ¦ of Increasing prevented any great
amount of selling. At the close January pork
was a shade higher, lard was up 2%c and ribs
closed unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows
Articles— Open. High.: Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Sept.. old ... 1 11% 1 14 1 11 1 U
Sept., new :. 1 08% 1 11 1 08 1 11
December .. 1 10% . 1 14 1 io% . 1 i«Ti
May 112% 114% I llg ,1 14$
Corn No. 2 —
September .. 52% 52% 51 . fl2
December .. 50^4 . 50?» 49 >i #60%
May ........ 49% 49*4 48% 49^
Oats No. 2— ! . •---¦_
September .. 30 ' 30% 29% 3O>4
December .. :31%. 31% ?jql' % jjot?
May 33% 34 32% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl-
October .....11 35 U 47% 11 27% 11 85
January 13 20 I* 20 13 02% 13 15
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October ..... 7 12% 7 15 .7 10 715
January .... 7 30 y.£ 7 32% 7 25 7 30
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October . 7 57% 7 60 7 55 7 B7&
January .... « 82% 6 «2tf « 77% 6 S»
Cons for money.. R8%In Y Central 128%
Do for acct..S$ 3-161 Nor & Western «9%
Anaconda 4% I Do pfd 92
Atchison *3%!Ont & Western... 35«4
Do pfd 10im Pennsylvania 66%
Bait & Ohio 90%; Rand Mines . 10U
Can Pacific i:iOi;i Reading ...'. 33»i
Che* & Ohio 42%! Do 1st pfd 4.1%
Cht Great West.. 16 "A I Do 2d pfd 3.<U!
Chi. Mil & St P. 160% j So Railway ,*J2«
De Beers 18% Do r>fd 1)7%
Den & Rio G 2»% So Pacific 58
Do pfd S.1% Union Pacific ....102%
Erie .10% Do pfd r>3
Do 1st pfd «7%!U S Steel ]«%
Do 2d pfd ?«%! Do pfd fl9
111 Central 142 I Wnbash 21%
Louis & Nash 12<u;i Do pfd 42%
M. K & Texas... 25>4 1 Spanish 4s 87%
liar silver— Steady. 20 7-16d per ounce.
Money — WT1 >4 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2 5-1C®2% per cent and for
three months' bills 2%«B2 7-16 per cent.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Th* ; local trade are talking rery bearishly
on Beans now. They have received advices
from Michigan to th* effect that the crop of
that State will amount to the enormous quan
tity of 7.000.000 bu&hels. the average crop
being from 3,<>«O.OCO to 4.000,000 bnshels. Th«
weather has been ideal for Beans; the crop
has not been touched by rain and the quality
Is fine. The market there Is very weak and
Michigan white Beans are selling In New Or
leans and Texas at prices equivalent to $2 13
for our Beans f. o. b. here. Hence California
white Beans must come down to this figure at
least to get Into the Southern markets. It ia
this condition that make* this market weak.
BEANS— BayoB. $2 15©2 40; Pea. $2 750.1:
Butters. $2 75®"; small White. $2 5(VS2 9O:
Urge White $2 15<^2 40: Pink. $2 25«2 50;
Red. $3 75(S4: Lima. $3 7O@4; Red Kidneys.
$4@4 25: Blackeyes, $2 25©2 40 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 S5@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $-1 25: Flax. $1 90©2 25: Canary V\
@7c; Alfalfa, 13c: Rape. l%@2$c; Timo
thy. 6«c; Hemp. :iU&-s%c per Jb;\Mlllet 2%
@3%c: Broom Com .SeeO. $2Og21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 25; new Greeo
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
SEATTLE. Sept. 23.-/Clearlngn, $705,046;
balances. J171.565.
TACOMA. «*"Pt.. 23.— Clearings. ?345,121;
balances. $10,910. .
PORTLAND. Sept. 23. — Clearings, $553,335;
balances. S61.036.
SPOKANE. Sept. 23.— Clearings, $425,826;
balances, ?60,409.
Northern Business.
Some extra fine bright comb Honey from
Nevada is reported sold at 13c. but tbe gen
eral' sell ing figure for bright comb is 12c. a>9
mentioned yesterday. There is no change in
Fruits.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 77ig9*ic for
Royals and l*&12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
5 : 5i67c; Peacbes. e^'ftsiic per lb; Peara. 7©
12c; Plums, pitted « / J?6 1 >ie for black, 8@3%c
for red and 76S%o for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks, 52%c: 3-crown S3c; 4-crown 63c; •-
crown. 73c; bulk white. 3Vi©3v^c; black. 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 5%{?7c per lb
PRUNES— l*«ei%c per lb for th« four sl2«.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Ia»
perlal clusters, $2 25-^2 50; Deh*sa. $1 85©2:
London Layers. S0c@$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown.- 3%©4c; 3-crown 3@3?ic; 2-crowr.'
2%e2Tic: Seedless. 2^«2>4c: Floated. 2%c;
Thompson's Seedless 4»4c; Seedless Sultanas.
363Hc. 1P03 crop — Loose Muscatel*. 2t24c;
Seedless. l%c: Floated. 2c: Paclflca^'l^tti-Hc:
Seeded. 3U@4%c. Malagas.. l%S2%c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshe.il. UV.@Hc :
No. ?. Il%sil2c: No. 1 hardshell 13QUV>c:
No. 2, lligll%c; Almonds, l'&gl7e for
Nonpareils, 14'814'aC for I X L, X3&14c for
Ne Plua Ultra and lie for Languedcc; P*a
nute, CS7c for Castera; Pecans, ll@13c; Co
coanuts. $4 30.tr 5
HONEY — Comb. ll%@12c for white and 10<^
lie for ambfr; water white extracted. !>W<*
6c; light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark. 3 if
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27<829c p # r lb.
New York Metal' Market.
NEW_ YORK. -Sept.. 23.— .The London tin
market was hisher asaln. with spot quiet at
£127 7s 6d and futures at £127 16». While
quiet, the local market responded quite fully
to the foreign advance, 'closing at $27 65@2».
Coiier was a shade lower In London, clos
ing at £57 17s M for both spot and futures,
while the local market remained steady and
unchanged. Lake Is quoted at $12 75914:
electrolytic. *12 75@12 87%, and casting. $12 50
012 C2%.
Lead "was unchanged at !M 20@4 30 In the
local market, but ruled higher in London,
whpre epot was quoted at £11 17s 6d. .
Spelter was unchanged at £22 7s «d%i Lon
don and at $5 10f<5 20 in the local market.
Iron, quiet, with Glasgow closing at 50s 3d
and Mlddlesboro at 42s 10%d. Locally the
market was without quotable change.
Dried FruitsJ\'uts,RaisiKS,Honey.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. Sept. 23.— WHEAT— For ex
port: Walla Walla, 8O0Sl%c; bluestem. 85c;
valley, S6c. For Eastern markets: Walla
Walla, 94c; bluestem. 87c.
TACOMA, Sept. 23. — WHEAT— 2c higher for
bluestcm at 87c and lc higher for club at 81c.
Receipts of Hay were moderate and In
cluded only eight cars. The market for all
descriptions remained as before quoted. . ¦
BRAN— $20!fr21 per ton.
.MIDDLINGS— $24@28 «cr ton.
$2(X@21 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $235*23 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at tbe mill, fc.11 ' B0«$32 SO ;
Jobbing. $:«: Cocoanut Cake. $22^2:5: Corn
Meal. $30 !>0@31 50: Cracked Corn. ' S:il®.T!:
Mixed Feed. $22«22 50; Horse Beans. $30*M0
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $9013 50 with an advance for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat fS'ftll: Oat $S«
10 50: Barley and Oat. $7«*9; Volunteer' Wild
Oat. *6 5O#8 00; stable, S70S 50; stock. S5 SO
©7; Clover, $7 50g9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per
STRAW— 35@S0c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
London Closing Stocks.
Money— lU S Steel 16%
Call loans 2%«23%j Do pfd «7%
Time loans ,..4 ©5 IWeetlng Common. 79
Bonds— I Mining—
.Uchison 4s 101 %'»\ Adventure 2*i
Do adj 4« 95% Allouea 12^,
Mex Central 4s... 65 | Amal Copper 57»4
Railroads — . Amer Zinc 11*4
Atchison 82 Atlantic 12%
Do pfd 99Vi Blngham 26>i
Boston & AIbany.249 Calumet & Hecla.505
Boston & Maine. ltt» Centennial 27
Boston Elev 153 Copper Range ... f>7«i
Fitchburg pfd 137 Daly Went 14
Mex Central I." 1 .* Dom Coal 68
N Y. N H & H, .191 Franklin 7%
Pere Marquette... 74 Grancy : i 3
Union Pacific 101 Is>le Royale IOTA
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining .... 41,4
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Michigan f,
Do pfd : 78% Mohawk 45
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 4?i
Amer Sugar 1.°,0 old Dominion ... 14 ! Ji
Do pfd 132% Osceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 139 "ti Parrot 23 >4
Amer Woolen ... 13% Quincy 92
Do pfd *2% Shannon .1%
Dom Iron & S... 11 Tarcarack 112
Kd Eloct Ilium.. 255 I Trinity 6%
Gen Electric ...-.167%ltr S Mining 20
Mass Electric... 12% IT R Oil 11
Do pfd 58 I'tah 40U
Mass Ga 42<4 Victoria 4'
United Fruit 105 ! Wlnona ft
Un Shoe Mach.. 52%l Wolverine 85
Do pfd 30%|
eacks. $4 25: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Pea?. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
London Wool Sales
LONDON, Sept. 23. — The offerings at the
wool sales to-day amounted to 11,752 bales.
Fine crossbreds and scoureds were . in brisk
demand, but -faulty sold slowly. A fair supply
of new clio was iu steady demand. Tasmania
was In g«od request. French buyers took
good supply. There was active demand for
good greasy and half-breds and several par
cels were taken for America. American buy
ers also took a few lots of superior cross
breds.
LIVERPOOL.
Whent— Sept. _Dec.
Opening 7 5,\ • ±£
Closing 7 ,% 1 ,-h
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 24 W 25 :«
Closing 24 00 25 25
Flour—
Opening , 3190 33 40
Closing 31 S5 33 20
Foreign Futures.
is to transfer loans from the banks to the
trust 1 :u:.an:i-!- withuut effect on the actual
caab icacitea againM the aegrcsatc deposits
of the o:i..i & una trust con.panies, which are
almost wholly < ji deposit with the banks. The
insult is. lavo-raSile, however, to Hie surplus
reserve shuv.inir of the bunks. The lack ol
pressure on the Uiarkc-t durin« the day
prompted a brisk bidding up of ttockb late in
tfce day ti> tlie bt.st piitcs. Tile closing was
steady. nci.r the top.
The bond marfcft was Oaa. Total sales, par
value. $.;,." ;::."., i-i.o.
fnited States 2s, 3s ai;d old 4s advanced *£
per ctat 011 call.
NEW YORlv STOCK LIST.
B. F. ilattcn & Co.. 4'jO California ttreet,
Sa» Francisco, members of the New York
Stuck Exchange, furnlth the following official
quotations of. that Exchange:
Sales. I Stocks— JHishLow.i Uid.iAik.
——I - — j j 1 — • — !-— —
i Adams Express.; j jaw ji4u
l^-'w.Amalg Cupper ,.| 0s , S7 *¦» I J-vii i« T i
', Am , Ca " Co ! ! I 5 "»l B »
I Do pfd j 1 1 4tiU| 47
l.&OC'tAm Car & F Co. t a J TZ \ 2a j 2i»!«
200, Do pld I SU^i; Ml , SO j 60 ', 4
2oo ; Am -Cotton ou..| xz'iii u2-7i| a2>,ii a2- t
i l->u p:d 1 1 1 SW I 04'
lW>;Am Diht Tel...i 24 j 24 | 24 | 20
|Am Ex 1 ; j20«> |214
iAni Grass T Co.; 1 1 5Vti
iAra Hide & L...| | 4%\ 5
.... ; ..j Do pld I j- I Wisl a>!i
COOiAm Ke ! 7>,i| 7 I 7 | 7u
«00; I>o pfd 28%| 3»ttl 28Hr »»*»
;Am Linseed ...j j | 12>ii VT'i
I Do pfd 1 j ; 31 j 3a
l,«w,Aa L>comotive.| 254 25 ; ZJ%\ 20
300; Do pfd ..| '.»5U,. uolil U5UI WJ'i
4oO,Am Malt j 4 j 4 | 4 | 4< 3
lw, Uo pfd , vj 1 at j is 1 la^
11.200, Am S &. R Co..j Wisl 04'^. «U%| OO : ?i
«<»Oj Do pfd ;lob |l(M%{lu7H|lU7%
2,:;ou Am Mugar ii3y'.iU2y»,:130V4il30U|
I 1*> pld 1 j |132 1140
i Am -Tel Ac T Co.'. ; |130 |14O '
UOO.Am Tub pfd :145> /kl 145 >144%jl45^
Am Woolen ] | 13 Vj! 14'^
I Do pfd j I I 81* Kj'
I Anaconda 91 | 9o% l»l in
lWAnn Arbur 30 30 20 32
1 Do pfd I til 65
21.4W.A T & S F 821^ M»T»| t>2^4
7.3O0J Do pfd .. U0% »S? 4 | UO^J Oa^i
3,oOO,Balt A: Ohio... t*8J, «7v<,! f^ 1^ H-i- ¦
i Da pfd |.r I 93 05 "
iBay St Gas...| [ | 7-32 >i
2,400,0 H T I 51»i 54»'»| 54%] 54 -^
iBrook I'n Gas. ;220 |24O
;Uruns D & 1...I | j «i4| 7
iButterick Co ...j...\. 4S 1 4UVi
'Canada Southern! | 07% <K»
jCanadlan Pacific 127J4J127 127 127%
30O.C & O 41&s 4114 41«i 41- /S
I 100 C & A 40 40 39V4 40^
! Do pfd ! SI 85
;C &. E I pfd. ..J 128 140
,C 1 A: L pfd... bO HO
I.OOOJC & G W 16V4 16 16 16U
j Do pfd A 5274 54
I Do pfd IS 1 24'4 2(1
i i Do debs 1 82> 3 S5>4
C «: N W 1 Jlfei' jlStf
j 11.2W0.C M *: St P I57>4'l55*; 156%jl57
I Do pfd 182 1185
5,b0oC R I & P (new)i 27 l ,i M% 27 27V*
I Do pfd 70^ 71
Do 4s 74*4 751,;
Chi Term «u, «:i
*Kii Do pfd i 15^ 15>A 1S% ltt'
! Chicago Vn Tract 7% 7>^
i Do pfd 36 40
300,C C C & St L. . 78Vi 7SH 78 ~8>b
Do pfd 1C9 110'
Clove Lor & W »5o 65
I I>o pfd 82 S7
;CoIo Fuel & 1 34U 34vi
i Do pfd «0
300jColam H C & 1. 12% 12«; 12Ts 13
l.«00;Colorado So 20 H 19% 1QK 20
500 Do -«t pfd... 51 Vj 51 5l' 5114
2.«X>I Do 2d pfd 27H 26 27 27'4
300;Consol Gas 203',, 203 2U31± 2a*{%
S.VOICon Tob pfd ~.\ 125% 124)4 124% 139
400jCorn Products ..14 14 13»4 14»i
j Do pfd ] 67 C»^
lOO, Del & Hudson ..|167 167 l«0 160>«
««;.D L & W 279 |27S 279 2S5
4W.D & R G 29:54 2S'A 28% 29
IJWOi Do pfd 62% 82 \i 82H 82 Vs
iDes M & Ft D 23 27
400D€troit Un Ry. .¦. 6.S',i C7% «7*4 6S^i
So 3?i 4%
I Do pfd 6 7
j Diamond Match ~. 130 135
4,300;Distm Secur .... 29»« 29^ 20^ 29^4
'Dis i>ecur bonds 73% 74
'Dulflth S S fc A 7 8
! Do pfd 12% 13
10.<W»Erie 30^ 2!)% 30% .10%
:«H>| Do 1st pfd «C'.i 66i£ CC^ 66Vi
700! Do 2<i pfd .... 45% 45 45% 45%
IE & T H 57- 68
i Do pfd go f.6
]FtW&DC 42 47U
iGen Chemical 48 55'
200 Do pfd 05ii P9U 95 0514
200jGen Electric . . . 108% 168%i167% lt?.«%
.Great No pfd U70 1S5
jGreen Con Cop ist^ \c,
..[Havana Tob Co.. 27 29
1 Do pfd ;ts 41
300:Hockinp Val ... 7»% 7S"i 79 SO
j Do pfd S8 Sfl"i
80ft Illinois Cen ... MS»i 138 13$% IW%
i!ntf-r Paper 16'i 17 tr.
! Do pfd 74' 75*
'Inter Power 41>4 41'i
'Inter Pump 30% 31%
Do pfd j 75% 77%
Iowa Central 22 23
Do Pfd 42 43
Kar.awha &Mlch ! S3 40
KCFtS&Mpfd 701J 77
Kans C So.. 24 2i%
600 Do pfd 46U 45% 40 4(iVi
I IKeoUuk & Drs M| 14 10
ILacledo Ga<» pld! SO 100
iLake E & W«Et :tl>i 34
I Do pfd 87% 100
Lon?r If land ...f 57% 5!)
12,fMX>!L & N il24'.4!l22%H23" /S 124
300:Manhattan 163 % 1 153 « i 153 % 154
IMan Beach 10 13
l.SGGjMftro S«cur S0>4 SO SO 86
900!Metro St Ry 120 110% no-% 120
. 800!Mex Central 13% 13 H IS-'Js 13%
iMInn «c at L S3 OS
I Do 1st pfd »5 ftfl
100JM ?t P t S S M 76% 76>J 73 73%
! Do pfd 129 1.-.0
900' Mo Kan & Tex.. 2-"H 23 U 23 "i 24
900] Do pfd 4$% 48 48U 4S%
» 7,300 Mi?w)uri Pac .. tt*;«i M'i JHi-M 07
lOOINash C t St L. 121 ' 121 121 ' 121
600 N*t Lead 23% «H 2.!% 2.1%
Do pfd 95 98^4
N R R of M pfd .19 39%
National Bipcult 47% 45
Do pfd : ui» tlO
N J Central .. J77 iso '
N Y Air Brake 134 13S-T*
600iN Y Central ... 126% 125% 120% V2>$£
N Y C & St L. 29 31»4
Do 1st pfd 105
Ho 2d pfd c5 «7%
|N Y N H & H 191 is-.i|
10,50o!N Y Ont i W.. 34% 34 3434 3414
800!Norfclk & West. CSV* 07% €8% CS%
{ Do pfd 90 91
3.800|North American. 0C>i 03% »4% 1)5
Northern Secur 103% 104
Omaha no' 150
Do pfd ; 185
O S L 4n 97% 97%
Pacific Coast C3 C5
Do 1st pfd 05 1105 ¦¦
Do 2d pf d 73 I 75
1,300 Pacific Mail ... 34 33 83% 31
38,700 Penn R R Co... 130% 129% 130% MoTi
1.400 Peoples Gas 102% 101 102>A IO2«
Pere Marquette.. ..... . 75 " 80
P C C & St L : 70
'.. Do pfd '. 105
600 Pressed Steel C. 32 31% 32 32%
... Do pfd 78 80
Pullman Car Co. ..... ..... 214 21S
... Ry Steel Sps Co. .......... 22% 23
Do pfd 78% 80
29,000 Reading «... C0% C5V4 «6>4 ttifc
100 Do 1st pfd 84« 84»4 84% 85
200] Do 2d pfd .... 75% 75 75 76Vi
100 Republic S & I., 8% 8% S»4 fe%
Do pfd ..... 43% 44
Rubber Good! 19% 19%
Do |ifd .>^ ..... 81 81%
S S S & 1 Co •>«.... 38% 39
*..! Do pfd „... S6',4 88%
:. st j & a 1 10 17
Do 1st pfd ... ..... . 46 48
Do Sdpfd ............. 25 26
SL It. BF 1st pfd 72 75
1 Do 2d ptd%... ..... ..... 65?i D9
New Bedford 428,382 4.8
Canton. Ohio .... 397.000 29.3
Jacksonville. Fla. 754.008 14.5.
Lowell • • ' 440.505 10.0
;«. hosier. Pa 405,750 21.6
• 'Or^ensburg. Pa.. 3«7.714 .... ....
i •Uockfctd. .Ill- •• .477,149
! HlKsrbawtcn 361,000 1.3
Hpripstield. O- '- .. - 306.916 ..... 11.5
tS!o«»mlHgU.!..- HI- 428,706 28.5
QuiBcr. I". :•• ••• 332,711 .0
! Sioux Falls S D. 388,5S» 02.1 ....
I Jlan?fie!d, Ohio . • 100.3S2 11.8
; Decitur. III. ¦ 2S1.641 7.2
I Jacksonville. V.. 250,908 20.2
I Fremont, NoU. . 241,277 51.6
1 tHouston 20,055,527 51.6
I 1Gitlvcsto» 11.302.000 8.8 .. ..
Charleston. S. C 1.211,743 5.7
Gvjxnd Rapi'iH ... 292.347
! Totals, U.'S. ..$2,138,756,807 20. «
, O'itside N. Y... 831,259,549 3.7
CANADA.
Montreal 121.300,292 11.7
Toronto 17,344,340 27.8 ....
Winnipeg 4.729.382 6.2
Ottawa 2,297,54s 24.7
Halifax 1.703,151 8.8
I Quebec 1,541,057 .0 ....
Vancouver, B. C. 1,735,111 13.7
Hamilton 1.128,017 tl.»
London, Ont 840,100 11.8
St. John, S. B... 1,051.894 7.8
Victoria, B. C. .. 665,050 .6.9
Totals, Canada. $54,333,437 15.2
tNot included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
•Not Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund exclusive of the S15.0O0.O0O gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows ; Available
cash balance. $149,110,450; gold. $62,481,889. ,
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — Cotton futures,
easy. Steady at the advance. September, 10.78c;
October 10.C5c; November, 10.72c; December, .
10.77c- January, 10.78c; March. 10.84c; April,
lC.S5c bid; May. 10.89c; June, 10.00c; July
offered, 10.93c.
Cotton futures closed steady. September,
lO.SOc: October, 10.75c; November, 10.7Cc: De
cember, lU.Slc; January, 10.84c: February,
10.S7c; March. 10.91c; April, 10.93c; May,
10.05c.
Cotton — Spct closed quiet, 10 points decline.
Middling Upland*, 11.20c; Middling Gulf,
11. Itic. Sales, none. .
New York Grain and Produce.
1 NEW YORK. Sept. 23. — FLOUR— Receipts,
a4,7CO barrels; cxDorts, 11,600 barrels. Mar
ket steady, wi'.b better demand.
VVHEAT- Receipts, 16,000 bushels.. Spot,
fiPhi; No 2 red. $1 1796 f. o. to. afloat; No. LI
Northern Duluth. Jl 16% afloat*. No. 1 hard
nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
: opened/ firmer pn strength In outside markets
and a dullish cash position. After turning
' w«ak under heavy pressure and liquidation,
: prices had a Sensational late advance, on fears
that the French duty might be advanced, and
cloned Tic net higher. May, $1 18ft©
I 15 11-10. closed §1 18%S September, $1 15">i@
1 lflVi, closed $1 16',4; December, $1 13HO
i 1 15Ti. clcs;d $1 15%.
HOPS Firm. iftate, common to choice,
i olds 12017c: Pacific Coast, olds, 12@17c.
HIDES— Steady.
! WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM — Quiet. Refined, New York,
1 9.95c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 7.90c; do In
i bulk. 5c.
! <"OFFEE The market for coffee futures
¦ closed at a partial advance of five points.
' Sales' reported of oii.000 bags. Including: Sep
tember ti.30c: October. <I.M5&tf.9Oc; November.
fl 95c; 'December, 7.05@7.1Oc; March, 7.30J*
7.35c; May, 7.50ft7.55c: July, 7.70c. Spot, Rio,
steady; No. 7 Invoice, S>~c. Rio firm.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet: fair refining, 3?;c:
centrifugal. SO test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar,
oV^c Refined quiet.
; I1UTTER — Firm. Street orice. extra cream
! ery, l'jmt'20c.
CHEESE— Stronj.
EGGS— fnclianced.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and is rather easy in tone. Com
mon .ire quoted at 4Q5c; prime, 5V«®3^c;
choice, B%#0c, and fancy, 6^@7c.
PUUNK8— Continue unsettled, with spot
prices ranging from 2>^@5c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Quiet, with choice auoted at
S'-iSi'lOc. extra choice at 10>-4©10V5c apd fancy
at ll&iac.
PEACHES — Are in fair demand, as com
pared with other fruits, and rule firm at 8Vi0
fc'ic for choice. 8 ! *4<&»>/ic for extra choice and
0&@l0c for fancy.
Yesterday's trade In fresh Fruits w*s Jr
regiilar and of small volume generally. There
wai very little doing during the early trade;
as the threatening weather deterred buyers,
bat business Improved as the day advanced
and the market was fairly active until the
rain commenced falling in the afternoon. Hign
grade offerings of Apples were reported steady
and AVtne Grapea were more firmly held aa
dealers expected that the storm would ma
terially lesrsen the receipt*, but otherwise th*
market wraj weak and the bulk of the day'*
receipts of table Grapes and other deciduous
ft3»its were still on hand at the close. Prices
of table Grapes were unchanged but the t»p
quotations for open boxes were obtained only
for small parcels of favored brands. Advice*
from the growing districts Indicate that table
Crapes bare been damaged considerably by
th« storm aad subsequent receipts will un
doubtedly include much wet and decayed
stock. Berries were very weak, an fresh rw
ceipta were heavy and all of Thursday"- b»
lated arrival* were still on hand. Citrus and
Tropical fruits were unchanged
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50©2 Cff per chest for
large varieties aad $3g4 for sjsall berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 '41 per chest for or
dinary and $3&4 for 8anta Crua
RASPBERRIK3 — $.1 64fii5 per chest
UUCKLRBEKIUES — SfrlOc per lb
CRANBERRIES— $2 50@3 per box "for Corns
Eay.
APPLES— $1©1 25 per box for fancy 650
80c lor choice and 25«50c for common. "
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 1(X?1 35 per box; "Win
ter Nellis, ;vVa$I; ether winter varieties. OS**
75c.
PEACHES— Small boxes 35<375c; &p«n boxes
50ctC*l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50®S5c per box or
erate.
POMEGR.\NATES— 40030c for small and $1
©1 BM for large boxes.
PERSIMilOXS-^lfcl 25 per box.
QL'I>fCES-^25@40c per box.
FIGS — 23@t£c per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 60cS$l per crat*:
Nutmeg Melons. 25#40c per box; Watermelons,
nominal at Sift:: per dozen.
GRAPES — sjnial) twxee and crates: Seedleaa.
BftgeOc: Tokay. 35@6Oc; Muscat "35©50c; Isa
bella. 50® 75c; black. 23<&5Oc. Large op«t»
boxes — Black, 50@&0e; Tokay 7."c'aSl 25: Mus
cat. SOc&$l: Seedless. $1 23; Wina Grapes.
$l.s@23 per ton.
CITRUS FP.CIT3 — Oranges J2 50®3 50 per
box for Valencia*: Lemons', J2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 75^2 25 fcr choice and $1 2."5<91 SO
for Standard; Grape Fruit $2 50(33; Mexican
Limes. %i 5005 per case; Bananas. Jl 25©2
per bunch Tor Central American and 75c«9
SI 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 50 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NORTHll'ESTERX WHEAT.
Sha*p Demand for It From the
I Vest em M tilers.
As already pointed out, the Northwestern'
femes Of the Pacific .-.;¦-¦ are timling ai
excellent ::..:•••. tor their wheat in the West
ern itatta and already tome lo.OOo.uuO bush
».» ba.\« torn eh'.i^e<l ea^lwajd overland. Tliis
•¦^rxrermtively n«-w deimrture in the wheat
trudf .» attractive atenuun in the West mid
ib* ttkaixo llrvord- Herald t>ays: "Merdiandis
»r< at Wa*Bington ar.d Oreisoa wheat by th«
„•'• c • Biea of tne :.l:.-t ;¦ -¦ .; j.: Vniley ia a
. . iart cl Uie bus;nes* DOV.
•E. M. lii«;£ins of the Armour Grain Com
. .»r.; has b*«n on the Coast buying wheat
itx L — last ten days and one ot the mem
• --> ot :-.- lUm-nUuD Cirain Comj^any of this
€ ;ty ir also th*r«. Laxce iiurchaKS were
' xr.fc£<» by the Van l)usen-Harnngu>n Company
«j: M:::ne»t'0li». The »htal ia selling on the
coast m TO to 75 ccsts, whicb. makes Its cost
in ¦ .. «. H o5 to $1 lo i>er bushel. There
*u»- l:.: ¦ - importact raiieties. The white
vteat is u*ed by cracker ar.d cereal food
rr.anufacturer& and the eo-called red is being
t»«d by sou utsttT wheat miller?, who biend
%lth red wtater train of this section. Some
« • ;h«- mills in piar.nir.s to uee 50 per cent
or the Coast wheax.
•¦Miller* utitig Coast, wheat have been able
to i.*y b«tiir i>ric-e» for horn? gruwn on ac
couiii of adding ot grinding the blended wheat.
The purchases are **tiKiated at 10.UW.WO
buhhels. of wMih nearly one-half will come
»n or pass through Chicago. This immense
quantity will put the soft winter millers In
m. better ixxution to compete in the flour mar
k»-t« than either the *i;rit;g wheat millers of
the Northwest or the hard winter wheat mili
¦a « : dM B .uthwest. The grain blends nK-e
li with the Michigan white, which is some
what ei;r.::ar. On this account the Detroit
«mllcr» h*\« bought it frwly. One mill at
Toledo hv taken between S.000.000 and 3.00O.
««j>» batiitlt."
fcu»>pi»-nici:tary to the above a Ban Fran
t wheat house lias just received the fol
licllll letter from the W. A. Gordon Com
racy of Portland. Ore.:
A PORTLAND POINTER.
"ReierriEi to your fa.vor of tlie 17th. You
*.r« no doubt right about shipments of flour
from the NurLh d«TresBlr.g your wheat mar
ket. It ii;:KJ!» that Oriental markets are
BBWfiUsC to r»>" the higher price tor flour
*u4 are holding Lack, bluffing a little. But
that won't lart always. They cafl't get cheap
er flour ar.y«faere else, and they wiil have to
pay the price and renew their supply. The
J< i!«;er they uail the keener will be the de
mand. Id the meantime our millers are our
¦ harpext competitors in the wheat market,
some cf them raying more than can be real
»:rd in your market. Eut you, and the San
Kranoisco trade in general, arc laboring under
m. delusion ia assuming that the purchase? lor
Haet»ni acccuut are likely to be dumped on
>our market at any time. They are shipping
tt out farter than you have any idea of and
tfcry are Retting plenty of car?. Train after
train if MBpCia are" coming from the East.
Y<»u ar* also mUtcien if you think there are
trtily 6.000,000 bushe-s sold that way. Nearly
cue-half ol the croa is already sold for East
ern account. Sold to feed the mills and not
tender eti the board. One of our corre«i>oiid
«r.tf in the thickest part of the wheat coun
try east of the mountains writes thai four
fifliir of the crop in tois territory is sold to
go East. In a former l'-tter we intima.t<»d
that only th<? territory conttgu-jus to Portlan>i.
that it« this t-idf of L'matilU. would b* avail
able for the California market, snd that by
rcan-n of lower freight to Pon.la.rd. But that
is n« lor.jrr truf. Tl.rre are Eastern buyers
Jn thU city now picking up any let they can
find a* far wen ai> The Dalles. None of the
l>.M-:r. purchases as lar as we know are
bought to bold on *i>ecuUiiuii. but to supply
mills.
•"At f.rxt they w-re a littl* timid about our
rlub wheat, not knowing what kind of flour
It would make, but j<iri'-<» experimenting with
ihe first shipment? they seem to be eager for
It. cj-pecially for "ur Shornjan County club.
ATi'ibor delus-i^n that is afflietinR vour San
FrancUcf) thfat itarte juft n<iw is the notion
that we have a cr"i> o! 6ft.000.0CO bushels in
the three states. There won't be <S.O04.*Mr>.
N'j. ;r,u cwed BOt '>'.<• awake at nisrhtK with fear
of lA-ing overwhelmc-d and crushed with our
wh^at. One of the most lHK;ral shippers to
yiiur market early this reason was heard to
r»y that he had b^cn slaughtered there and
Is " not likely to deluge your market here
after. Aside from th» Kanern demand, Llvor
fwvii ha>- rj w advanced to about a parity
with ><-.ur q-i-tations. And won't Liverpool
f. hlpher when they realize that thero Ik
rtnthlng it expert from thic continent to spoalr
of? As thef appears to be a sharp demand
for wheat on the nart of millers on the At
lrr.t'r Coa»t, there It a movement her« to
inaururate shipmen*E by steamers from hiere
to >."•* Tork around the Cape. It is all a
mutter of freight rates. If steamers can b«
had st the usual rate and our wheat Is as
well liked there *r It is in the Middle West.
hu*ln**s rould h* dorie m a booS margin. In
Btijr «vent. riartieK h«>r»? hoidin? wheat are not
worried shout lark of markets. For the first
t!m» in tw-el'* rm;nt!is th*>y are havins a va- \
ri»ty of m»rkrt!«. snd sime of them ln?iFt!»rjt.
Tbf Portland Flour Mills hav» Just char- ;
trrr^J two %-^kscJs for South Afrira, partly fr>r
wh*-at. Tnu are all such invefrato b«>ars down
• > r-T that you can KC only the floor cf your
rx'-hari*. Life ur» your h^ads and you will
«w> Komethinc else."
packed. lfi@17c per lb; Utah squares, 26c.
CHEESE — 3©10c for choice mild new and
8©S%c for lower grades; i'oung Americas.
10'iiJillc; Oregoa S®»%c; Eastern. lCQ15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 5&@40c for large -whit* se
lected. 37%tK:Sc for choice and 35£3ic for
common; co>d storage, 27%G30c; store, nom
inal; Eastern. 25® 28c for firsts, 21@23c for
seconds and 2C®21c for bakers'.
Chicago
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5500 head, Including 300 Texar.s and 10tO
Westerns; market strong. Good to prime
steers, $5 75@6 35; pcor to medium. $3 604J
5 40; rtockew *nU teedcrs," 52 i»@4; cowb.
$1 50@4 50; heifers $2@5 50; canners. $1 60®
2 75; bulls, $2@4; calves, ?2 50@<J 50; Texas
fed steers. $3 50®5 50; Western steers, V>@
4 80.
HOGS — Receipts, 13,000 head: to-morrow.
8000; market strong to 5c higher. Mixed
and butchers. $5 0060 20; good to choice
heavy, $5 t»0@6 20; rough b«avy. $5 50@5 SO;
light. $5 CS^IS 15; bulk of sales, ?5 80@fl. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000 head; market
etroag. Lambs firm. Good to choice wethers,
|4<J4 50; fair to choice mixed. ?3 30®3 70;
native Iambs, $4®6; Western eheep. $2 75«fr
4 10; Western lambs, $4@5 30.
KANSAS CITV. Sept. 1 23.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 5000 head: Including 3000 Southerns;
market steady. Native steers, $3 75<?G; South
ern steers, $2 50@." C3; Southern cows. $1 50<f>
2 65; native cows and heifers, $1 50® 1 75:
stockers and feeders, $2 20S4; buIlsF, $1 75®
3 50; calvcis, $2 50^? 5 00: Western steewj, S.J«a
4 25; Western cows, $1 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, SOW) head; market steady
to strong. Bulk at sales, $5 SG<&3 »0; heavy,
»5 MKSi-r, S5: pacllers, $5 S0ii5 90; pigs and
lights. $5 70®5 85. ...
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000 head; marktt strong.
Muttons. &'Ai.i SO; lambs, $4@5 15; range weth
ers, $3 25®3 SO; ewes. $2 75#3 30.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb.. Sept. 23.— CATTLE— Re
ceipt?,- 3000 head; market steady. Native
steers, $4@6; cows and heifers. V- 25@a 7.":
Western steers,- $3@4 75: Texas steers, $2 75S#
S 60; range cows and heifere, $2 15®;; 30; can
ncrs, HI 5002 K 1 : stockers and feeders. *2 00€»
4; calves. $Z@o 50; bull* and stsgs, $1 7S?£" 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 4500 head: market steady.
Heavy. $r> ft5&5 75: mixed. $5 7 lift 5 75: light,
$5 75<£t5 85; pigs. M 75&5 60; bulk <>i sales,
95 70<S5 SO.
SHEEP — Receipts, 13,500 head; market
steady. Western yearlhigs. $3 C0@3 90: wetli
*rs $3 40®S 80: ewes, $3@3 50; cominon and
Btockers, $2 50^3 70; lambs, $4 50«i5 10.
«. : *
I Miscellaneous Market, j
Xerv York stocks dull, but higher. Cotton advanced.
Local stocks and bonds inactive.
Sterling Excliange lower here and in Europe. "N
Domestic Exchange higher. Silver unchanged.
Western millers buy 10,000,000 bushels of Northwestern IV heat.
Feed Barley and Seed Oais higher. Corn lower.
Immense Bean crop in Michigan depressing this market..
Hay and Fredstuffs in ample supply and easy./
Potatoes and Onions in better demand, but no higher.
Poultry and Game imchanged and featureless.
Butter and Eggs quieter at the high prices.
Rainy weather checks trade in Fresh Fruits.
Prevision markets still inactive and unsatisfactory.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
{ CATTLE:. SHEJEP AND il r >G^. I
|St L & S W i 20M, 2014
1CO| Do pfd 4:i«/a 4aHI 4a»i 44
21,yoO|Southein Paoiflc. CC^ 55% 5«'h 5«vi
:S,400[Southem Ry 3a 31% 82% :J2»1
40U1 Do pld ..... .• 92% ftl
IStandard Oil .'.... B40 C43
(Stand R & T J 1% l',4
800,Te;in Coal & I.. 47>A 46% 47 47 >/*
IT P L T Co •. . 30 D3
500 Texas Pacific ... 31 30^4 30% 31
Third Avenue 125 120»4
100 Tol Ry & T Co. 21% 21% 21% 22
700 Tol, St L4 W.. 31^ 30& 30 J4 31 >4
SOOj Do pfd 50% 49 60 60%
Twin City R T 87 97$
Union B & P 6% 7%
I Do pfd.< 64 66 .
eS,300jUnlon Pacific... 101U 99^101 101 14
Do pfd 91% 94
Do conv 4's 105V4 105%
United Copper 8 8%
jU lids of S F 13 13%
400 Do pfd 56 50 65% 56%
Do 4's 84T» 85
USCIP 9% 10&
Do pfd 55% 57
V S Express 115 120
l.SOO.U S Leather 10 *% 9% 10
4tX«| Do pfd SC% 86% 86% 87
1.600iU S Rubber 20 20 19»i 20%
lOCj Do pfd 74% 74=54 T4% 75
15,10OiU S Steel Cor... 1C* 4 16 16% lti%
."59,1001 Do pfd 07% Cti% 67% tTT%
5tK)!Va-Car Chem Co 34% 34'/ 4 34% 34%
7'JO! Do pfd 107 % 107 107% 107T«
3CCjWabash 20% 20% 20% 20%
4C0| Do pfd........ 41% 41>,i 41% 41%
i Do deb U's I «3-?4 64
iWells-Farso Ex 235 245
300! Western Union.. 90%| 90>i D0?4 '•>*>%
I Westinghouse 1 160 Nil
Do 1st pfd i 180 200
100 W & L E 17%j 1T% 17 17%
2U0 Do 1st pfd 44%| 44i/j 4i% 45
I Do 2d pld J 24 23
rioCiWisconsin Cent. 11) I 1S : ?4 lS?ij 1:>U
20U Do pfd I 43%| 4:;% 4:{ 1 4::%
ISouth Pac pfd.. I I U3%!113%
435.600 total .'hares sold.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lOJ%!i J &. N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 105 Hi Man con gold 48.107',i
Do 3s reg 105%' Mex Central 4s... 1)6%
Do coupon 1U5%| Do 1st inc 16
Do new 4s reg. 131 %\ Minn & St L 4«.. O5',i
Do coujjou 131%] M K & Texas 4s. 9'JvA
Do old 4s reg.lOO';.! Do 2ds 7S)%
Do coupon 107%! NU of Mcx con 4s 70%
Ateh gen 4» IO3%1N Y C gen X%s..l00>4
I>o adj <s 95 ! ,jlN J C gen 5s !¦"«%
Atlantic C L 4s. US | Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l<«M;.! Do 3s 74>4
Do 3%s W-ilXor & W con 4s.l(;2
Central of Ga 5s.lll%!OSL 4s & imrtic. 97M,
Do 1st inc KSmPa conv 3'..jS OUfi
Ches & Ohio 4i,is.l0riVi| Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton .:> 2 s. SO%IS L & I M con 5s.ll7V 4
C. B & Q new 4a. 96%! S L. & S F fg 4s. M*i
C M * SI* pn 4S.109 |St I^>uiw S\V Ists. 9*
C & NW con 7s. 12ST» I Seaboard A L 4s. S2*i
C U I & Pac 4s. 75 !So Pacific 4* 9:»i
Do col ."s S»>Vi!So Hallway Pa IIH14
C.C.C & SLftn 4s.l01^l Tex & Pac lsts..lW%
Chi Term is 7««i!Tol. St L & W *£. S0\«
Cong Tobacco 4s. 73 (Union Pacific 4s.l<M?i
Colo & So 4* SO I Do conv 4s .105>£
r F 1 I con 5s. 75',i!U S Bteel 2d 5s.. SI
Den & Rio G 4S.101 Wabash Ists 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. OftU! Do deb B ft{»;
Do gen is 87 |\V & L Erie 4s... 90
F W 4 D O lsts.109'41 Wis Central 4s... 00 .
Hotk Val 4Hs...in8'il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40j Ontario 3 50
Alice SOJOphir 2 15
Hreeco -"j Phootilx W>
Com Tunnel 10';Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va... 1 «:5i Savago 27
Horn Bilver 1 «iO! li.rra Nevada 2S
Iron Stiver 1 751 Small Hopes 'jr,
Leadville Con ... 02| Standard 1 90
Little Chief 051
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2:!.— On tlie Produ.-e Ex
change to-day the butter market ¦Ras stronji.
Creamery, 14S18e: dairletr. I2gl«£0: crss.
steady, 14®li«54c; first?, I8d: nrimr. 20c: ex
tras. 22c: cheeae, turn, 8U©2»,ic
Butter. Cheese and Hggs
stocks of fancy ranch Eggs in the wholesale
B.arkit arc vr.y light and they are higher at
retail. Eatteni am! storage goods are higher,
tuu; in symj alfcy -with ranch. I*acked Butter
is vcuivr i:,U wi-eX but syuures are uncharged. f
There arc very' few changes to report in
other lints. Mtata Ylih and Poultry are in
guod supply, and th;re are plenty of i rulta
ami Vegetables to be had.
COAL. . I'Kti. 'iO^— _ ;
Vr>U.nsl«O .*— It l« «>•* N'«»- 1 -. J
fc>atlle 15 — tjt > 5»", Wellington S— 310 CO
Kcslyn .:...;»— it u 1 iT, Wellington . *.*.**
KicliR:oxid ..s — *i y r>'.ij Nut ? — W " *•"
Coos Hay . ..$ —^ V 3j!
u«wu* i'i:cibu:i; etc.—
Eutirr cialtc.Bii.^^jOii, Ji^K*. rcr dozen
Uugooj 4-.©4j. uanch * c ®7.r
Do packed,lb.274tioO. Storage "~2*T{ '
Cm-fee. Car :..:Kwl3i 1-u^ern ""*v£* .SK!
Cheese. elas:ern.::uy23. iioiiey. comb, Ib.lISW-'V
Cluesc, Swis^s . .•_'5''i.'J3| Do extracted .. S©it>
1OLLTKY A2iD GAME—
li«n*. large, iii.o:.<tM>:irucks each ....6506*1'
1*> small . ...5CtftO; Geese each... — 6*1 50
Xoune Roosters. Goslings .. $1 *S£ ,
«*cb 75e©$l| Mgeoas. pair .-— €»>
GIu Roosters. ea.G0&ui>| Squabs, per pair.50^6«
Fryers eaeb ...5o#60.WUd Doves. doz..Sl 25
liroikrs, each. . .356&JI Rabbits each . .2Qf*:»
Turkeys, ptr lb.27@30i Hare, each —#25
MEATS, rEK I^L'A'D-
Koast Beef, 1 Mutton Chops ...—©13
choice cuts . . 15®20i I'orl: Chops ....— £15
l>o plain ....lu&U'HlYeal Cutltts ....15&1S
Roast Veal . .12V-f313jCcrned Beef — 0 «
Roast Pork . ..12.'.'"615|Beef Stew 8®10
Foreqtr Lamb. — {liL'-ii Mutton Stew ... 5$ 3
Hindqtr Lamb. . .— «il5j Veal Stew 10®rJ%
Koreqtr Mutton.. 8©10-, Soup Meat 5@10
Leg Mutton .... — @10| Soup Bones .... 4t? —
Tndrloin Steak.l2^«15|Hams 15@16
Portrhse Sfc-ak. .1S&201 Bacon 15020
Sirloin Steak.. 12%«15| Pork Sausage.. 12^©15 :
Hound Steak.. lOeia^'ChiPFed Beef ...20<3 —
Lamb Chops ...15©20tLard 12%© —
KRUITS AND NUTS —
Alligtr l'eara,ea.2C@25| Nutmeg Melons,ea.5®10
Almonds 139Z0J Nectarines. lb... S&10
Apples 49 8 Oranges, do* SO©60
Blackberries, per f Peaches, lb .....«&¦ 8
drawer . . '. 15^25; Plums, lb €® 8
Ciaiiberrics/ qt... — iaJ5| i-ears, lb •,- - 42* 8
Cantaloupes, ea..llfjJ5 Pineapples, each. — @3o
Pecans — <&::u| Pomegranates. dz.40@«O
Krazi! Nuts . . . ."Ow — 1 Ptrsimmons, dz.—^75
Bananas, dcz . ..^'5@U5| Quinces 3@ 5
Cocoanuts. tach.— 5»10|i;a.sln«, lb lt>015
Flrsi. "hied. lb.. <J@IOJ Raspberries, per
Dq. fresb lb.. 5@10j drawer 25@W
Graj»c Fruit. dz.75cji$l. Strawlxerrte*.
Grapes, lb 3@ 6' per drawer ...2<KV©
HrkJebrries. lb — 'al'.*m 'A jlnyts. iwt lU.l.VaJj
Limes, doz 1C@ 151 Watermelons, ea.l0@^>
Lemons, doz .2Ug;;j|
VKUKTABLES—
Asparagus, lb. 8@1£^! Lettuce, per doz.l5@20
Artichokes, doa.3C^55o. Leeks dz bunch.lse'-'B
iitrtta. dozen .... lO4i" — ( Mushrooms. lb..5OcS$l
licaus. white, lb. C© — 1 Onions, per lb — @ 2
Colored, per \b. 60 —^Ofcra. dried. lb..2O®— j
Dried TJraa. lb. 5<H 61 Do green, lb... 3© 5
Green Liitia ZAi 6| Potatoes per lb.lV?@2 j
Cabbage, ca^h . . n»ilO! Parsnips! p«r dr.ir»ffi20 1
Celery, head :.. 5(&10l Radishes, dz bch. 15^20
Cres«. dz bunch. 150— A &nne, dz bnches.250 —
Cucumbers, dos. 10(S15[Strhig .Beans, 'lb. 4® 6
Garlic c«i S> gmnmcr Squash.
Green Peppers. lb C«1O| per lb .., -9 3]
TiHt-a Pepptr* . .in^^oj Sprouts per lb.. — &¦ 8 '
Kgg Plant, lb... 40 CJ Splnacb. per lb.— 0 S
Green Peas. lb.. 5® 6] Sweet Potatoes.lb — & 2
Cr*wi Corn, 1 Thyme, fiz bnch».25ft.;'»
Cholc*. doz . ..2.">©n5! Turnips, per do*. — 613
Do. common . . 1.-.Q2O! Tomatoes, lb .... 3@ i\
FfSH. PER PO1TXD— j
BarracouU — ®!5jRockcod — «I3
Carp 10S12H sea Bas« — «t*
Catfish — ®12Vl.lHnieUs — *©13
Codflnh — <812V«!Soles 1"*il5 ;
Flounder* .. lOO—i Skates, each l(Mil5 1
Halibut 15ft* — ISquid — WIOJ
HerrinE S«ia Totncod J. **— ,
Mackerel — fi>— Turbot 2WV- •}
J>o horse 13«J — iTrout — «373
Rockfish — @!2H!\VMtefi*h 100—
Salmon, fresh .. — & — ! Clams gallon ..608 —
Do smoked . ..— «r23l JD O hardshell lb 8610
Sardines 10O— ! Crawflah. per lbl2%'S15
Shrimps — <ff. — j Crabs each — (S —
Shad in®— I Mussels, lb 12UO15 |
Striped Baas . . .IMt'JOl Oysters. Cal 100.40650 1
Perch 10@—| Do Eastern. fiz.30<a tO !
Pcmpino — @50l 7 ;
j Family Ketail Market. |
whisky, basis of high \vine3, ?t 2S; c!ov;r.
contract (trade, $11 S3.
Articles — Receipts. ' Shlpraerts.
Flour, barrels 24.«;C0 2S,Vt:0
Wheat, bushels 144.000 4-..SO
Corn, bushels .412.:™ 4SU.2-.0
Oats, bushels yp;.,V.Ki Si;.<>"0
Rye. bushels ..'..- o.W> 2,<C 1
Barley, bushels — ; 100.S0O 17.i!o;>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 24, 1904.
LOCAL MARKETS.
I EASTEBX 3IAKKETS. |
Continued on Page Fourteen , .
Cash Grain and Provisions.^
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Cash quotations wera
as follows — Flour, firm. No. 2 spring, wheat
$1 10@l 18: No. 3, *1 03@l 18;, No. -2 red'
(1 IVA@1 IS: No. 2 corn, 52>4c; No. 2 yel
low, 53 J /4 ® 53 \ 5c : No. 2 - oats, 30 % c ; No. 2
white, 82®32%e; No. 3 white,; 20®31 He; No.
2 rye, 74VSc: good feeding: barley, 34@38c;
fair • to choice malting. 42©5Oc; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 00: No. 1 Northwestern, *l 18%; mess
perk, per bbl., $11 40@ll 60; lard, per 100 lbs.,
$7 15(&7 .17%; short ribs Bldea (loose); |7 iS5«p
7 75; ebort clear sides ' (boxed), $8 50®S 75;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
SALE*,
OF
High-Class Trotting and Standard Bred '
Stallions, Fillies and Geldings
From the World Renowned
OAKWOOD PARK STOCK FARM.
Danville, Cal.
(John F. Boyd, Proprietor.)
TO BE SOLD
Monday Evening, September 26, 1904
At Salesyard, 1732 Market Street,
Comer Van Ness ave., San Francisco.
Horses at yard Saturday. September 24. 1904.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Live Stock Auctioneer*.
(Successors to Kllip & Co.)
Send for Catalogues.
L. H. BURD. Auctioneer,
WILL SELL THIS DAT 11 A. 34.,
The Elegant Furniture of Residence, 851 Pins St.
" L. H. BURD. Auctioneer.I CASHIER OP THE CENTRAL GRAIN AXD STOCK EXCHANGE AND HIS ASSISTANT. WHO WERE ROBBED OF A SUIT CASE
CONTAINING $4400 WHICH THEY WERE TAKING TO THE OFFICE, SCENE OF THE HOLD UP AND MAN ARRESTED
AND IDENTIFIED AS THE THIEF.
Swell Odd Fellow embossed cards at Edward
Knowles Company, 24 Second street." * - •
The Paraiso Springs are always op«a. •
: Railways In , South Africa : use loco
motives similar, in type to those used
In this country.'
' Many causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
Parker's Ginger Tonic cures Inward pains. •
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Consul General Cor
dova of Honduras said 'to-day that the bound-'
ary question between Honduras and Nicaragua
would be settled by arbitration.'
Patrick Dugan, who. resides at Mis
sion 'and Steuart streets, was struck
by'Fblsom-street car No. 804 at Steu
art and Folsom streets last night. The
car was in charge of Motorman
Gates. Dugan was • removed to the
Harbor; Hospital, where it was found
that I his back .was broken. The doc
tors say he : may die >t any; moment
Struct. by a Car.
Odd Fellows and Visitors
Should not fall to nee the beautiful display at
Andrews' Diamond Palace, 221 Montgom'y tit. *
The Police Commissioners held a
special meeting yesterday afternoon to
hear evidence as to the complaints
made by the Chinese Consul against
guides for .taking white visitors to
; opium resorts and immoral houses in
Chinatown. All the guides were pres
ent, and their attorney, M. L. Asher.
isald they would willingly do every
thing in their power to put an end to
such complaints.
| The attorney for the Consul asked
! that ; the Commissioners make a rule
prohibiting guides from doing the acts
complained of under a penalty of hav
%ing their permit revoked. Rev. Father
Gray- of St. Mary's Church also ad
dressed ¦ the : board an the same lines.
The board, after taking the matter
under advisement for. a few minutes,
passed a resolution that any guide
guilty of escorting white people to
places, where opium is smoked for ex
hibition.purposes or to immoral
houses will. lose his permit.
Prohibited . From Escorting . White
Visitors to^Places Where Opium Is
Smoked or to Immoral Houses.
NEW RULES ARE ADOPTED
FOR CHINATOWN GUIDES
A masked robber, small of stature
but a giant of nerve and action, suc
cessfully executed a holdup at the
break of day yesterday that has never
been rivaled in the history of crime in
this city. This daring manipulator
qtrjetly robbed Cashier Frank T. Flynn
cf the Central Grain and Stock Ex-
As we walked through the narrow alleyway
I heard some one Bay, "Drop that suitcase.
quick. I want It." It came so suddenly that
1 complied with the order, and as I did I
turned around • and got ' a ' glimpse of the lone
After waiting several minutes Flynn
finally shoved the door open by force.
The police were quickly communicated
with and detectives were put to work.
Some one had a suspicion that Mitchell
was concerned in the hold-up, and
working on information furnished by
officials of the exchange Detectives
O'Day and Mulcahy arrested him in a
barber shop at Post and Octavia streets
shortly before noon..
In an. interview Flynn said:
The clerk and the cashier never en
ter the office of the exchange through
the front door, but pass in by means
of a side entrance, thence through a
small passageway and behind the
counter. As. they walked along the
alleyway yesterday morning, a voice
from behind was suddenly heard to ex
claim: "Drop that suit case and be
Quick; I want it.".
Flynn, under the impulse of the mo
ment, dropped his valuable package,
and both the men turned around to see
what the trouble was. As they did so
a masked man leaped from a dark cor
ner and said, "Don't look at me or I'll
blow your head -off. .Walk" into that
closet, both of you," pointing to a
washroom a few feet away.
Both men. obeyed the command, and
in the meantime A. B. Phipps, an aged
employe of the • exchange, who
opens up the place each morn
ing, made his appearance in the
passageway. He was also bustled into
the toilet-room. When the robber had
thus placed the three men securely he
fastened the door with a piece of rope
and attached the other end to a large
staple In the wall. Warning the trio
not to make a move under penalty of
death, he noiselessly left the place and
disappeared through the side door.
FLYNN TELLS HIS STORY".
Both Flynn and Hearney are trusted
employes of the firm, though both ar«>.
young in years. For the last six years
Flynn has made the journey from
Market and Montgomery streets with
his precious burden unmolested.
Hearney has accompanied him on his
mission for three years. During that
time neither had ever been molested,
and the thought of being held up never
entered the mind of either of these
faithful employes.
The robbery took place at 6:50. It
is the custom of Flynn and Hearney
to go to the Union Trust Company.
Market and Montgomery streets, each
evening and deposit the day's receipts
in the safety vaults and then to return
early the next morning and bring back
a portion of the money for the day's
operations. Yesterday they, left the
bank vaults together, carrying $4400
snugly stowed away in an ordinary
dress suit case.
CASHIER IS HELD UP.
change, 20 Leidesdorff street, of $4400
in gold and currency just as the lat
ter entered the office, accompanied by
Clerk Hugh T. Hearney. Five, hours
later, J. P. Mitchell, a hanger-on of the
place, was arrested and is now being
held by the police on suspicion of hav
ing committed the crime. The de
tectives say they have evidence against
Mitchell that will make a strong case.
The crime had evidently been planned
and studied out for a long time, and
the man who nursed the daring deed in
his brain was doubtless familiar with
each inch of the ground and knew his
business so well that the making of a
false move was nearly impossible. The
deed was done so quickly that the vic
tims of the plot hardly had a chance
to realize what had happened till all
was over.
Mitchell has been a hanger-on of the
exchange for many, months and has
been regarded as a nuisance by the em
ployes. One of them said last night
that Mitchell tried to pass a bogus
check on Broker William McCracken
some time • since, and also tried the
same game at the exchange. He is
alleged to have raised a stock certifi
cate, but the paper was too crude to
pass the scrutiny; of- the cashier. He
had been ordered out of the office many
times, but always showed up again.
A search of Mitchell's clothing re
vealed $600 in gold and bank notes. One
of these notes, $100 in amount, was
positively identified by Flynn as be
longing to the exchange! It was issued
by the National Bank fo.Joplin, Mo.,
and only the previous day Flynn had
remarked how strange it was that they
should-come into possession of a large
note of su<5h an unimportant bank.
When "sweated" by ! Detective Ed
Wren and Captain' of Detectives Mar
tin, Mitchell maintained his bravado
and laughed at the idea of his being
connected with the hold-up. When
asked how it was that he had come into
possession of such a large amount of
money he replied, "Oh, that's nothing.
I sometimes carry as much as $6000
with me." ?'•'.; •
Mitchell was arrested while being
shaved in the barber shop. The two de
tectives then' searched his room at 1537
Octavia street, and there they found a
piece of rope, which tallies with the one
tied on the door, 1 a wet hat and coat,
identified by the three men who were
locked in the closet, and a 38-caliber
Smith & Wesson revolver, . together
with two rounds of ammunition..
Hearney and Phipps made practically
the same statements as Flynn. ¦ The de
scription by the three men tallies in
every respect. Phipps said that he saw
Mitchell in the passageway three min
utes before the hold-up j occurred, and
positively identifies him as the man who
turned the bold trick. Hearney and
Flynn are also positive in their iden
tity of Mitchell, and they all knew him
well.
3IITCHELJJ IS IDENTIFIED.
highwayman. But It was only a glimpse, for
in a cool voice he said. "Don't look at me or
I'Jl blow your heads off. Get Into -that closet,
quick, both of you."
We. complied with the order and as we were
about to enter the closet Phipps came 'into the
hallway by another door. He was also or
dered Into th» room. The fellow quickly fas
tened the door with a piece of rope, which
he tied to a staple on the wall. Then warn
ing us not to make a move he quietly slipped
through the Fide door and out into the »treet.
I kicked the door open In a few minutes
and notififd the police. I -know the deed wae
committed by some one familiar with the
place, and he had everything planned. He
even nailed that staple near the door so it
could be easily fastened. Another staple was
nailed near the office, door, so that he could
cut off approach from the outer room.
Th« robber was a man of about 5 feet . 6
Inches in height, and seemingly weighed about
150 pounds. He wore a white handkerchief
over his face with slits for eyeholes. His
dark slouch hat was pulled down j over his
eyes, und neither Hearney nor myself could
get a glimpse of his features. He had a big
gun in his right hand and went about his
work with the ease and grace of one who knew
the ;tme.
and J. E. Roach secretary. For candi
date for the Assembly from the Thir
tieth there was no opposition, and
Francis McXamara was nominated by
acclamation. The purity committee ap
pointed by the chairman consists of
J. Roach, T. Walsh. J. Lawlor, I. Erb
and N. B. Engle. After nominating: Mr.
MeNamara the convention adjourned to
meet at the call of the chair.
The Forty-second Assembly District
Convention was called to order upon
the adjournment of the Thirtieth. E. G.
Knapp was chosen chairman and H. E.
Pratt secretary. The chief business
transacted was* the nomination of a
candidate for Assembly, and George A.
McGowan was chosen without oppo
sition. A committee on purity of elec
tions consisting of D. R. Dunbar.
George R. Wills, H. E. Pratt. W. A.
McQuitty and R. Dunbar was appoint
ed. The convention adjourned to meet
at the call of the chair.
Delegates to the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District Republican Convention met
last night at Roosevelt Hall on Cen
tral avenue and nominated T. E. At
kinson for the Assembly. The nominee
is the secretary of the Republican
County Committee and is a capable,
active man of experience in legislative
affairs.
The Union Labor Convention will
meet to-night at Pioneer Hall and
complete the Legislative ticket of the
party. •
The Republican local convention will
meet at Pioneer Hall next Monday
evening. Later in the -week there will
be another session of the Democratic
municipal convention.
Registration for the Presidential elec
tion will close at midnight of Septem
ber 2S.
Odd Fellows at Del Monte.
Odd Fellows and their friends who want to
see Hotel Del Monte, the most beautiful hotel
in the world and one of the most interestins
places in California, can do so on the Saturday
to Monday tickets sold by the Southern Pacific.
Round trip tickets, including two days" board
at the hotel, sold for $10. Special vestibule^
train will leave Third and Townsend *tre»ts
depot at 2 p. m.. Saturday, making a good stoi>
at San Jose, which will enable passengers tn
see something of that beautiful section. As'*
at Southern Pacific office. 611 Mnrket street. •
Eugene V. Debs speaks to-night. Wood
ward's Pavilion. See theatrical column. •
TANGHTR. Morocco, Sept. 23. — Le». ths
British merchant who was reported to ha.v«
been captured by tribesmen while fishing in
the - Rabat River, has ; returned safety to
Rabat.
When the call was made for nom
inations F. E. Wallace mentioned the
name of George B. Keane for State
Senator and the domination was sec
onded by J. D. Hanna. There being no
further nominations, the secretary cast
the ballot. and Keane. was declared the
party's choice. . . • **
He was escorted to the platform by
F. E. Wallace and E. N. Ayres and
spoke in _ part as follows:
Your ¦ unanimity 'in selecting me as the
fittest man to' represent you In the coming:
session. , of the Legislature Is an' honor more
highly appreciated by me than I can express.
I have always been true, to the principles of
the Republican party and I hope that as a
Republican I will represent you at the next
meeting, of the Legislature. Tou may rest
assured that I will do my best.
This does not feel like a political conven
tion. It seems more like a happy gathering
of- neighbors and friends who hope to bring
about success ' for all. I enjoy an extensivn
acquaintance in both the districts represented
nere and feel that I am in touch with all of
you. If elected one of my chief ambitions will
be to retain the good will and good fellowship
of my friends.
The following committee on purity of
elections was appointed by the chair
man of the 'convention: S. B. Priest.
Fred E. Wallace, H. D. Byrne, Alfred
Gerdes and P. M. Gopcevlc. . .
Upon the adjournment of the Sena
torial convention the Thirtieth Assem
bly convention was called to order by
J. H. Prendergast. On motion Prender
gast was made permanent chairman
The Republican delegates from the
Forty-second and Thirtieth Assembly
districts met last night in joint session
in Saratoga Hall to select a Senatorial
candidate from the Twenty-third Dis
trict and nominate Assemblymen. The
meeting was harmonious from its open
ing until adjournment. There was but
one candidate proposed for Senator —
George B. ! Keane, secretary to Mayor
Schmitz. The secretary of the conven
tion cast the ballot which makes
Keane the nominee of the party.
As a delegate to the convention, E. G.
Knapp called it to order. Knapp was
elected temporary chairman and H. E.
Pratt temporary secretary. • These
officers were afterward made perma
nent.
KEANE CHOICE
OF REPUBLICANS
The' Supervisors, had another storm.
They had , summoned F. M. Yorke be
fore them to explain . his . claim for
$(.264-20 for pavement repair work dur
ing August, the bill not being itemized.
Brandenstein began to go after the
witness somewhat energetically as to
who were the officers and stockholders
of the corporation known as F. ' M.
Yorke & Co.. Yorke, shied, was
utterly unable to recall who were in
terested in the company with him, and
finally became very angry. He declared
that he had never been abused be
fore in his life as by Brandenstein,
"whose snarl alone would drive a man
crazy." "Wish I had you aboard ship,
added the irate contractor. Yorke said
If he was to be put on the rack he
would give up all his "petty" contracts
with the city. He was finally placated
and next Thursday afternoon the rec
ords are. to be produced for the inspec
tion of the committeemen so they can
learn what that $6200 was expended for.
Brandenstein afterward explained
that he had received an anonymous
communication arousing suspicion as
to who constituted Yorke & Co., al
though no names were mentioned in it.
BRANDENSTEIN IN ¦ DANGER.
Finally things cooled down and the
investigation proceeded, Chairman
Brandenstein cautioning Braunhart to
confine himself to the gathering of evi
dence and not to indulge in argument.
The irrepressible commissioner would
be aroused occasionally, but Branden
stein soothed him and petted him and
managed to control him with a fair
degree of. success.
The matter under discussion was the
bill of Gray Brothers, who exact twelve
dollars a day rental for each. of their
street sweeping machines. "Hire of
a team is no more than $5," explained
Braunhart, "and this left $7 a day the
charge for rental of a machine that
new only costs $350. In other words the
city is- paying 51350 a year for the hire
of a machine. that costs about a fourth
of that amount." '. . ;
In criticizing the Public Works Board
for this contract Braunhart arrayed
the other complaints he. had to" make
against the department, and this was
what caused Schmitz to run amuck.
Harry N. Gray explained that it
costs $4 a day to "maintain the rattan
brooms, which ; wear 'very rapidly on
the basalt pavements. Team hire, he
said, was $6 a day. and incidental ex
pense, $1 50. VFrom his figures it-ap
peared that the profit to his firm was
very small. .
The committees will resume investi
gation on Thursday at 2:30 o'clock.
sent. "You are a gentleman," he sneer
ed at the Mayor's brother.
Once Braunhart did undertake to re-
"Your slanderous tongue is' being
wagged on every occasion," was the
picturesque beginning after a new take
in of breath, "and you have got to stop
it now. You are lying and lying about
us, just to do cheap politics for Mc-
Nab A man like, that on this com
mittee! Why, he ought to be wearing
a pair of horns. I will buy him a pair
and sent them to him as a gift next
Christmas."
The 'excited president of the Public
Works Board continued on a tirade of
this character for several minutes,
shaking his arm in a threatening man
ner over the head of the unperturbed
Supervisor. Brandenstein was in the
chair, but impotent. Pleadingly he
sought the commissioner to desist his
ravings. merely said '»shut up.
you fellows," D'Ancona turned around
on his heel several times and Payot
was mute. There was not a hand
raised to protect Braunhart. who ap
peared very much in danger of a per
sonal assault.
In the language of the street Schmitz
had the Supervisors "buffaloed," with
the exception of Braunhart, who blurt
ed out at one of the lulls. "I am only
telling what is the fact."
This- provoked again the high-keyed
outburst from Schmitz. "You are a
liar." The commissioner kept going
again for several minutes and the Su
pervisors were once more treated to a
flaying of their fellow member, while
he stood stolidly through the ordeal.
RESENTS WITH A ; SNEER.
The hand of Supervisor Brandenstein
held . gravel, but his arm was limp
and he could no more stay the torrent
of attose that President Herbert
Schmitz of the Public Works Board
heaped on the members of the Street
and Finance committees, who were in
joint session yesterday, than a terrl
lled weakling cair cope with a wild
man.
Supervisor Braunhart was particular
ly the object of the enraged commis
sioner's fiery outbursts.
"You are a liar, you are simply try
ing to do dirty McNab politics," was
the declaration with which Schmitz
broke loose.
Braunhart had charged that the
Board of Public Works was ignoring
the charter flagrantly, both as regards
the civil j service requirements as to
street employes and the provision that
the board must make requisition on,the
Supervisors 'for, every expenditure of
funds.
The Supervisor remained silent un
der the attack and this only irritated
the commissioner the more. Schmitz
advanced from his chair to the side
of the standing Supervisor and there
delivered himself of his wrath. >"
IA'IXG, SLANDEROUS TONGUE.
Sensational Tirade of Abuse
Nearly Disrupts Meeting
of the Street Committee
"LIAE AND SLANDERER"
President of Works Board
Makes Violent Attack on
Supervisor S. Braunhart
SCHMITZ FUMES
AND THREATENS
locks His Victim and Two Other Employes of the Central Grain and Stock
Exchange in Room and Coolly Decamps With Suit Case Containing Coin;
1 P. Mitchell Captured by Police and Identified as the Daring Thief
MASKED ROBBER HOLDS UP CASHIER
OF BROKER'S FIRM, SECURING $4400
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2-t, , 19(U.
16
MARKS BROS.
A String of
Bargains
===== for .
Saturday
Shoppers
110 'DC UCII C 1 In this choice lot
Un-rC YtlLj you'll find Chllton
d pm, - Drape Veils. 1% yds.
long, that have sold up
ooc j to 91.00.
AIITfl Vhll ? 1 Your choice of all
AUIU KILO colors — Veils are 3
« £^ \ yds. long — made with
A.XQ neat hemstitched bor-
I iPC QTflPVQ "I VENETIAN LACE
LftUL 0 I UllfcO STOCKS in cream and
1 O/"» white — a splendid 25c
_lt/C J value.
I 1PF mii/PQI pt - Venise L.ACE
LftUL LULLfno CAPE COLLARS in
vt> t mm rv - black and cream only:
Jkl £%ll a- $2.00 kind, special
ipimtjyj J to-day, fl.50.
WAI RIK RAR? 1 Comc in bIack and
TTALnUd DADO tan. strap handles. nr=-
: ¦ k- ¦¦ ¦ ted with change purse;
• V^f* always sold for $1.15.
* tJW j to-day 75o.
?pit Nnvpltipc 1 Scme 8tunnin r «nects
DCll nUIBIIieS in crushed velvet and
rf-v pm r satin . Belts that are
. VrtP worth 60c; take your
. -^vW J pick to-day at 23c.
T TVomen's high neck,
WOOL VF^K lon * "'e*^ Vests.
?!UUL TLOlO pants to match, in
'gray or white only;
£ m\C\ the kind that sells
" * *-* elsewhere for $l.G0, our
J price 73c.
WOMEN'S MiEl.i.SrS^S
\^T r* f special at 17c or 3
.'.*,;* '- V J P alrB tor BOc -
Ask for any of our $1.25 CORSETS
in any LEADING ' STYLE *-v mm
. or MAKE; to-day's SISr*
price t/UV
3 RIBBON BARGAINS
&c Ribbon 3C
FANCY WASH RIBBON in all COLORS.
10c Ribbon 5C
TAFFETA WASH RIBBON. 2 in. wide.
LOT3- 1 ft-*
25c Ribbon 19C
Satin TAFFETA WASH RIBBON, 4\b
inches wide. -; .*»/
umbrellas;
Specially Priced for
TO-DAY'S BIG SELLING.
Our BOc, 75c and fl.OO SELLERS
are the "GREATEST, VALUES" ever
¦ offered the people. of San Francisco.
MR/CS BROS.
• -The Home of Honest Values
1220^1224 MARKET STREET
AD i VERnSESmXTS.
The sale of Columbus
Buggies and Carriages
formerly owned by
Glenn Bros., 1321 Mar-
ket street, still contin-
ues. We have bought
this stock and have sold
at cost, or less, 138 vehi-
cles in 10 days. The
store is for rent on Oc-
tober 1st, and there are
still 200 jobs to be sold,
including Surreys, Bug-
gies, Runabouts, Phae-
tons and a general line
of fine work.
This is an opportunity
if you need a carnage.
Rros: Company
1321-23-25 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
I^^^Parker's I
IJIWI Balsam }
Jfitunotes ttift trow Hi of thu T»»tr sod \ ',
< WLca .tbebalr Is gray or tuiod it ''
S BEINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. '<
1 It prevents DauSrcS and hair far»Ti g \ ',
J z&i tecp3 tie sccJp clean and healthy, j!
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
CiRTERSl CUHE S1CK HEADACHE "
0rrnE Genuine Must Bear
giVER Fa>Simfle Signature
m PILLS. _^ rr —
HALES. HALES. J ?*****?:,
FALL DRESSES FOR CHILDREN
> Add Their Strength to This Magnificent Showing of ¦_
X Coats for' Children m^k
'%nMm^jL What a welcome mothers did give them last /^ftM^^
(^mTv'W-- H<t week! Now interest is doubly great, for more Kwffijsf«V
V^lil ' \ i coats have come this week, and to-day we bring
ll'i I / I out a splendid new line of children's dresses. // H \\
'"' 1 V I It's a name that is only a week old to San Fran- IB I nMflv^k
' ni '¦ ' Jli I cisco, and yet perhaps s the "Wooltex" coats for M .J |lf||\l:^^
li I'll & 1 children are better known • now "than scores of M \ || *^ "M \^
i i If' i. 'dill il I makes that 'have been in the city for years. (jfj \ 2_yS
Iff \Mi\ l.'.-\'l|\ 111 1 Thev're '•Different'.'— with the differences vou appre- * T5ST/19.Jjk
A Hi;!' 1 vW\\\ l'\ I date.— In material, in style,- in tailoring. Not a bit or Mr>Z0Ji>r
v=^P/j u I cotton in anv of them. The material is proven to be all mfyjjt M
~^> I Hi=g3jS^i :: ~?r I wool before it's used." Then it is generously cut and care- f&ffi XL??
\SSwLJilJ I fullv tailored, evendown to binding every; seam. As to nffls#^^r
V0^ JntisK^ I style, note the coat in the picture. It's just one from fj<^ *»*
An WG$^^ 1 dozens of different ones and every one as nattv and pood. Jf^/}/^SS
I ' W e are Klad'to bring them to San Francisco and m * y aw •
«r^v^M> t be the onlv store m San Francisco to have thcm - But ':T/ *
Xfy T & ~ ¦ see them to-dav along with these beautiful dresses. Let's
look at styles and prices:
Coat at $3.95 Dress at $1.25
Perhaps the biggest surprise of all. It's a little A pretty little affair: fancy trimmed yoke, patch
tourist coat in zibeline, with box back, strap, military front, gathered skirt, puff sleeves; in red, blue and
collar, cuffs that turn down. In gray, green, brown; brown mixtures; sizes 6 to 14 years.
sizes 6 to 14 years, at $3.95. At $a.9S A white and black check. Russian blouse, red
Coat at $5.00 — In a mannish material, box back, turnover vest inserted down the front, plaits on each Bide of
collar, trimmed with dartc red velvet, military buttons, vest: kilted skirt, lined throughout. Sizes 6 to 14
in dark gray and brown; sizes 6 to 14 years; at $5.00. years. 52.95.
At $5.00 — Girls' Coat of Scotch tweed mixture, collarless. At $5.00 — Swell Buster Brown suits, in navy cheyiots;
loose back, puff sleeves, turnover cuffs, trimmed with stiff, white and adjustable cuffs and collar; dark red
broadcloth and fancy soutache" braid; sizes 6 to 14 kid belt and insignia on front plait. Sizes 6 to 14
years. Others at $6.75, 37.50 and $10.00. • years at $5.00.
The New Fall Gloves A New 5-Inch Ribbon 10c Curtain Swiss
Much prettier and better. . At a nciv price — 15c It's 36 in. wide, lace striped:
Such beautiful shades. New j t ' s beautiful taffeta ribbon, the Just two cases of it. Unusual,
modes, grays and black, and so kind you want most New s h a des of not because it's ioc. but because
ff p O /rfe h c e . n pa.fe'r C n e s S3 &tfft *'«"• <*«?•. *™"» » ink ' « rdinil ' j" '" "«'« *» '« »«> "*»"»
perfectly white and light blue. buy.
They have Paris Point embroidery on * And welPtie it for -you i in neck or Because there^are only ¦two cases we
the back, just like they always hair bows, or make a bow for your hat advise you to come ' early. Will make
had, but it's finer this season. . free. dainty curtains or bed sets.
Brown and tan shades in suedes ar*
n&SSSt&KS Sfikmlid Umbrellas-^cay be- p ODCorn Crisos
At •MfeffJSftJffiSJSSS- «£ >™ "•'"¦"' «" Hak ' s - 3 for 10c
broidery; in tan. mode, brown, red, .
gray, blue, pearl, white and black. __ They re good big ones, white
black '"stco pair COlUrS ' 5 '" l ° Sln 1W £ *! uffy COrn ' rOlled a ° d ° re^ 3ed in
At 81.50— The H'ts Jouvin, 3-clasp, &£&£> «arf> 4f^ 2^^ finc m 0135^ 5 - The kind that re?u "
with Paris Point embroidery on Off . ' larly sell for Sc roll. 5 cakes in a
re h d e , BSSn/WT-biu^^uKI: roll; 3 rolls for ioc to-day.
pearl, white and black. Sizes 5»£ ¦ Maple Sujrar. 3 cakes So— Genuine
to 7^ in colors. 5% to 8 in black. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. Eastern maple sugar, in round cakes.
I MHBn&XViBra I
(Bui To-Day
fl ~~" With every suit ordered here to-dav. I
i W^l%^? i -fv|j| Wi from ?15.OO up, we will give away, at; so-', I
1 """^S\H' l ute l v * rec ' one cxtra P a ir of trousers. Not S
I «Hft-?l^ '-'"' *'*'«¦ cheap, shoddy ones, but of beautiful oat- |
H wwnlii^-i^^&ii tern an( * exce^ ent material — worth from $3 1
0 iu^vM to $8- We do this to advertise our tailor- 1
H |l|8§%£ f',fjy\ 3 inc and to attract attention to our big line 1
H «i*'^'"Tsi«ffl ol " *" a^ w °°i ens - a
H Kfe^^^li^jl Suits made to order I
I I^W From M* I I
y flllllll if £| *mfr . r §
1 fe^f^^riM We Kuarantee every ..suit we make. I
1 f^^^^f Don't fail to order to-day and get an extra I
¦ F-*iS^'3 ft'Wof pair of pants. j
I SliN I 41WI1TW THE 1
I I 1 AvU Will Al • TAILOU 1
I ||1P> 173 MARKET ST. 1
f^_ - '• ¦• ¦••'.' Be twe en. Third, and Fourth Sts/j