SAN FRANCISCO; ,SEP1 EMBER 14; "1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO_106.
PRESIDENT GIVES CRUISER LENA THE ALTERNATIVE
OF COMPLETING HER REPAIRS WITHIN TWO MONTHS
OR DISMANTLING AND REMAINING AT SAN FRANCISCO
Con tinned • on Pa^e ", Cohunn 4.
MONTEVIDEO, Sept.. 13.— General
Parico * Sara via.' the ¦ chief -of r the " Uru
guayan - revolutionists, ; is dead.' and
peace negotiations have been begun.
Death. May; End Revolution.
ods , of the horse's ; owner, ; Herr .von
Osten,,are p'ronouncedfto be \ those 'of a
pedagogue rather . than : of jan animal
trainer.
The case appears to them to be .whol
ly exceptional and to deserve thorough
scientific study. ;, :,.: -.¦ •
BERLIN. Sept. 13.— The learned horse
Hans has just stood a successful exam
tlnatlon before a scientific commission
f including physiologists psychologists',
naturalists, trainers arid
Ijpthcrs.
Their reports eet forth that the evi
dence he gave of comprehending hand
writing, his musical and color discrim
ination and mathematical work were
Berformed under circumstances exclud
ing the possibility of a trick. The meth-
ter; having; riqV;pas r sed .' into" the hands'
of the officials" at 1 Washington.' '. *
The" ; Paul -^ Jones * continued ;.to' ( : keep
her vlgilant{eyej|on. r the -liena 1 . yestejrday^
and on every^one ,who! tried to ' approach
her. The; launch. from'.the-Marblehead
moved around ¦* throughout "'the -]day,*> Jn
close proximity . r <!, r ' 1 '/r ,C f . Vi J ". ' *'. t" ¦ ¦'
Late ; In * the 'afternoon Colonel : . S. ; G:"
Jocelyn ¦ andTCaptainJ F: L: VWinn : made
a I f ormal Pcall^pn' the Icommarid^
er as , l representatives I of ..General )Mac
¦Arthur,; who 'is' at '^present- away '.from
the city. ••; ".'-•_¦-* -..* * ¦* :":."¦' ;:*¦ -\ ";*\v"
ATLANTA. Ga., Sept. 13.— Governor
Terrell to-day ordered a general
courtmartial to convene in Savannah
on September 29 for the trial of Cap
tain Robert M. Hitch. First Lieuten
ants R. E. Cone and George A. Mell.
Assistant Surgeon A. A. Morrison and
Second Lieutenant H. L. Green on
charges of dereliction of duty on ac
count of their failure to prevent the
lynching by a mob of .Reed and Cato.
two negroes convicted at Statesboro of
the murder, of the Hodges family.
Georgia's Governor Wants to Know
Why Guardsmen Failed to Pre
vent Lynching of Nejjrocs.
COURTMARTLAL ORDERED
FOR OFFICERS OF MILITIA
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 13.— Soon after
arriving to-day at the Sacramento ex
hibit in the California section of the
Palace of Agriculture, Mrs. Rose A.
Bailey of Sacramento discovered* lying
on a, table: a valuable diamond ring
stolen- from her. a week - ago. The
ring. was unaccompanied by- any ex
planation why it was returned.
Mrs. Bailey j. believes, it was 'stolen
by somebody in the building, who has
become conscience stricken.
STOLEN RING RETURNED
IN- A MYSTERIOUS WAY
SCIENTISTS
SURPRISED
BY A HORSE
WAUKEGAN. 111., Sept. 14.— As a
joke a southside man dressed up as
a devil and for several nights terror
ized people by^ chasing them. The
prank has resulted In' an unusual
cpndltion on the south and west sides.
Although'assured 1 it is- only a joke,
people, especially young and ignorant
foreigners, , are afraid to go out at
[night or; alone, i
'-.2' AMarge ,: number of citizens or-
Iganized [ a '¦ party last .night and
.searched.- for-, several hours for . the
man, without result: -.One noticeable
thing l3 ; that the streets jon the south
side are almost deserted.
Joker Is Wanted for Terrorizing the
? South si tie Residents of 1111
'"¦'. nois Town.
CROWD , LOOKS FOR MAX
1 WHO DRESSES AS A DEVIL
¦ They suspected .. the man's ¦ injuries
were the result of the brutalltv. of hos
pital attendants.
NEW YORK, SepL 13.— Finding that
the injuries which hastened the- death
of Abraham Wendorff in Manhattan
State Hospital on May 1 were not; self
inflicted. Coroner's Scholer's .Jury 'of
eight physicians and four laymen to
day recommended a thorough investi
gation by the Grand Jury.
After long deliberation a verdict was
returned that Wendorff came to his
death by "Oedema and congestion of
the brain and paresis, accelerated by
certain physical injuries. Including
seven fractured ribs and one fractured
cartilage: that It is the opinion of the
Jury that euch injuries were not self
inflicted and we therefore recommend
a thorough Investigation by thelGrand
Jury." * ;'.,¦.''
Fpedal . IMrpatcb to The Call.
In reproducing the news this after
noon the newspapers praise his decision
and express. their. satisfaction.
Epeclal Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1901, , by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. -
MILAN, Sept. 13.— The Glornale dl
Bologna says it has received from New
York a letter from an intimate friend
of J. Pierpont Morgan affirming that
the latter was most painfully surprised
to learn from the "Italian newspapers
that- the famous Nicholas IV cope pur
chased by him | in London and now
exhibited • at* the South Kensington
Museum was stolen from the Cathedral
of "Ascoli.
Morgan knew absolutely nothing of
the unlawful manner in which the
cope was obtained and has decided to
return it to Ascoli.
Attaches of Hospital
Are Suspected of
Murder.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Miss Edith M.
Miller, a West Side society girl, was
married to-night to Dr. Law Keem, a
full-blooded Chinese. The ceremony
was p^formed at the bride's home. 36S
Ashland boulevard, in the presence of
a small party of friends, among whom
were a number of Americana and Chi
nese, friends of the bridegroom. The
officiating clergyman was Elder A- T.
Jones, a Seventh-Day Adventlst, • of
which denomination both of the con
tracting parties are members.
Miss Miller is a well educated Ameri
can girl. Her family Is of New Eng
land stock. Her parents reside near
Fresno. CaL, where they are engaged
in farming. *
Dr. Law was born in Hongkon?
thirty-eight years ago. He came .to
California when a child with his father,
who became wealthy In the merchan
dise business in Mariposa.
Back of the ceremony is a romance
which began eight years ago at Healds
burg College In California. Miss Miller
and Law attended this Institution as
classmates and graduated together. A
close friendship sprang up. but there
was no talk of marriage until six years
later, when Miss Miller, who had be
come a trained nurse, was employed in
a sanitarium in Fresno conducted by
Law and an Intimacy sprang up which
finally resulted in a proposal and an
acceptance.
Dr. Law and his American wife will
live In Hongkong, where the husband
will establish a mission hospital.
Bp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Morgan Did Not Know
Famous Garment
Was Stolen.
WASHINGTON,. Sept. 13.— The devel
opment of the 'day so. far. as it relates to
the Russian cruiser. Lena, at San Fran
cisco, was (the clearing 'up ofjthe,'offi
cial : muddle-arising; out- of ' the "doubt as
to' which /of". five^.: departments \\ot' the
Government; should^deaKwith* It. I It was
finally 1 decided; ib*y t the - President ", that
the . State:: and . • Navy:' departments
should treat -the case^ 'acting- jointly— a
decision : calculated greatly to
its handling. v :,<•'.} :¦'¦'•'¦•'¦' ' ! ';' '¦¦ i f:-Tr}/-\:.' ; i'<'\i
Overnight camera telegram from Ad
miral Goodrlchi at'Sari ¦ Francisco show
ing that . on \ his - own ; Initiative " he had
caused one r - of y his*' expert ' • ¦ officers - to
make a preliminary : examination> of' the
Lena and that /temporary.repairs "would
require slx'.weeks'^ time," while neW boil- ;
ers would; involve^ eight 5 months' delay.
The 'President approved - the- admiral's
action and "decided ; ' that, he should con-
Admiral j to '¦ Handle ' the ' San Francisco
! . End of ;thc Problem. ' '
GOODRICH - GI VEJT . AUTHORITY. ,
tihue^to handle the. case. in San Fran
cisco, under instructions from the State
and'^Navy departments.
This involved a further expert exam
ination i of the~£hip." The Russian Gov
ernment ¦ did not ' object— a't least the
Russian Consul at San Francisco gave
that^uhderstan'dlng— arid within a ' day
or two, .with, the assistance of expert
mechanics . from the Union Iron Works,
Admiral. Goodrich will be able to report
more.'closelv on the repairs... *
" The'-'admiral adopted" the precaution
of guarding, the Lena with his own ves
sels,'a*course:also approved by the de
partijient. : ; : '. ¦
. Agreeable to the .President's instruc
tions,? acting Secretary, Adee, for the
Departrilent o f State. and .Captain
Pill8bury, ; - ! for "the Navy Department,
had" two j conferences., during" the. day,
and 'the- result was the/preparation of
instructions to Admiral, Goodrich, which
it is understood were wired to the Pres
ident »first -for "his approval.' There is
good ground j to believe .that these In
structions 'contemplate 1 the allowance
of/ sufficient -time 'to the Lena to make
tempdrary* repairs. 1 However, there is a
growing-belief here that the vessel will
be obliged to Intern ' in- the -end/ • for it
is'altogether likely that by the time she
could' be .made .ready.: to. go to". sea one
or niore Japanese cruisers would be on*
the Golden -Gate ready to sink "or cap
ture her. Foreseeing- such an event as
a request for the right to, intern, the
officials \* have 'been considering; what
shall b'e done with^the crew— whether it
be. allowed J to return -to Russia on pa
role,, OE^whetherJt- must, be interned . on
tne ;. ship ,• in : San -Francisco harbor. - On
thls^point "no" decision has'beeh reached.
; 'Minister Takahira' called at the State
Department and had a. short talk with
Adee, • the acting . Secretary. < The Min
ister," haying received last- night the rer
port -;of " the * vessel's \ arrival . from \ the
Japanese. Consul .General at* San Fran
cisco, said . he called "simply to acquaint
the State' Department officially, with the
fact : of , the ; , Lena's appearance" in '- trie
harbor of San Francisco, but, he did. not
lodge any ; protest \ against her presence
nor' make "'any, demand' as ;to her with
drawal. '••¦ He f assured" Adee" that [ he was
entirely : willing^'. tol; allow • the United
States; .Government to. deal ,; with this
case without suggestibnifrom'hlm.
SURPRISE fix' RUSSIA.
Admiralty'^ Cannot -Account for the
• i •:;;.*: Comlnjr of -the Lena!
: ST.'"! PETERSBURG, Sept. 13.— The
authorities "here: " profess' Ignorance
of ' : the -V circumstances/ : ; surrounding
the case; of ' jthe : -Russian "-".transport
Lena/, now- at ; San : Francisco.' r'A. - high
officerJ of vthV.-Admiralty/says^that • her
appearance tat". Sail'' Francisco • was . 'a
surprise.-;as^A r dmiral ; Skrydlbff • had; not
notified them : that: the , Lena i;was "gbi ng
toj Sari; Francisco* from -Vladivostok and
they /have 3 no • Information ( of ;• the pur-,
pote \ of ; her.' cruised "The Foreign \ Office
also states that.it. Is vwlthout advices on
.the^subject;* Nevertheless,; if; the ship
Bride and Groom
Are Graduates of
Healdsburg.
WILL PROBE
THE DEATH
OF PATIENT
WILL SEND
COPE BACK
TO ASCOLI
I ¦Unofficially:.' It : is- learned ; that- -the
•Russian commander, has no; intention
of. again putting, to sea unless he can
replace his " disabled, boilers with "new
ones. As that cannot be done"; in 'less
than six or, eight months the Lena un
doubtedly -will -be -dismantled- and-re
main at San, Francisco until'-the end -of
the war. •; ? . -^v ..•; '£"» r ; .... : V.v>
j The problem now before: the t Ameri
can GqvernmentLis:what disposition to
make of j the I Lena's crew. . | On | this
Question .no -"decision , has i yet .rbeen
reached. ¦ ¦:¦ >. ¦¦ , >. -< ; , ', ¦¦•. ,
- OYSTER; BAY, Sept 13.— The Rus
sian converted cruiser .Lena,' now at
San Francisco, v v will be accorded, ".the
hospitality permissible under interna
tional law: : At ; the* same time the "war
ship will not bfe allowed- to make San
Francisco" a base where she cani.be re
fitted in a manner, to increase her
fighting effectiveness. This is the at
titude of tlie American Government,' as
expressed by the President.
- It . is »' said (that, the President consid
ers two months as. the. proper time lim
it to be; placed, iupon ;the> stay, of (he
Lena at San , Francisco.. Reports for
warded from Washington" indicate that
it-is the belief qf- officials who. Inspected
the .vessel that from six to eight: weeks
iwill be required to.place her in. a sea
worthy condition, .and in order to do
no injustice two^fiill' months will be al
lowed for- the repairs. •• ¦¦'-.'• '
It is Understood Russian Vessel Will Disarm and
Disposition of Her Crew Is Now the Problem.
WAR -VESSEL WHOSE .VISIT TO- SAN FRANCISCO HAS CAUSED *A' FUROR.
THE .-ACTING. SECRETARY OF .STATE, ( JAPAN'S -REPRESENTATIVE IN
WASHINGTON. AND FEDERAL OFFICIAL*. WHO INSPECTED THE LENA.
CALIFORNIA
GIRL WEDS
A CHINESE
..„¦ Bulger-had a number, of
tubes removed. from the Lena's boilers
arid found ; them .very much -corroded.
He .would ' sanction no vessel's going to
sear with '.tubes in such} bad, condition."
His inspection' was superficial ; because
of lack- of time, and, while he gave It as
his .Judgment that eight boilers "might
be put in good : condition in thirty days
by wo*king;day and: night shifts of re
pairers, he • reported that he would pre
fer to have • three days \ for a
Inspection i before ", giving av definite
opinion' as' to " the ; statement : of Captain
Berlinsky that new,, boilers were needed
absolutely "<to\imake the -> cruiser sea
worthy. V .. > .'.
"Further ; than the inspection by -Cap
tain- Bulger ¦ and "; the ; forwarding of his
report to -Washington there were no
new developments ; yesterday so far "as
the office of: the Collector of. the Port
was concerned. The Japanese ; Consul
said that he,* had heard nothing, from
his .Governments and.theiConsul* of ithe
Russians "explainedithat : things werelat
a standstill: with' hlm' ; as :.well/: the , mat-
An inspection of the vessel yesterday
by Captain John K. Bulger, local in
spectofyof hulls and boilers, made at
the instance ,of Collector of the Port
F. S. Stratton, resulted in a report to
Washington that coincided with the re
port of the examination Admiral Good
rich's engineer made the day before.
The ¦ admi raL proceeded ; on his /own re
sponsibility and was . therefore more
prompt in ordering an; Investigation
than was Collector Stratton, who took
no stej> ; until..' advised by , the Depart
ment of. Commerce and Labor. • -.-' ,
The boilers at present in the ship
and duplicates of which Captain Ber
linsky expected to find in San Fran
cisco are of the Belleville type and are
manufactured in England. There are
no Belleville boilers hero and it would
take from four to eight months. to have
shipment made from England and the
neyr ones, Installed.
Furthermore, Captain Berlinsky ar
rived in San Francisco almost without
coal, "notwithstanding his representa
tions to the . contrary. There is- not
near enough coal in the . bunkers I to
make the voyage to the nearest Rus
sian port. All in, all, the Russian war
ship was hard driven when she came
seeking the friendly offices of a neu
tral port, only to have hopes . of " aid
in ! her sorry plight dashed to the
ground. . •
The inspections of the vessel directed
by both Admiral Goodrich and Col
lector of the Port Stratton have re
vealed that not one of the twenty-four
boilers of the cruiser is in a serviceable
condition. The tubes are spotted with
accumulations of salt where the leaks
have been, handicapping the progress
of the ship. Each boiler has 162 tubes
and out of the total number there are
just enough .whole tubes to put eight
of the boilers in a sea-going condition.
But to take, out the tubes that' are
whole ana with them replace the de
fective 'tubes in order that the ship
might proceed with a third of her com
plement of, boilers so as to reach the
nearest Russian port i would require
thirty days' time, according to the esti
mate of Captain John K. Bulger, whose
report was forwarded to Washington
by Collector. Stratton yesterday;, and
six weeks according to the report Ad
miral Goodrich made to the Navy De
partment. ,
. The. mystery of the. mission ¦ of ; the
Russian • auxiliary ! cruiser Lena «to the
port' of San Francisco has been solved.
Captain Berlinsky came 4000 miles over
the ocean in quest of a new set of
boilers, for leaking of tubes told him
that the 'seaworthiness of the vessel
Was -seriously endangered. He has
failed in his 'purpose, the laws of neu
trality being given stern .interpretation
by the United States Government, and
the war craft must now be dismantled
and laid up till the conflict in the Far
East is ended.
Futile Voyage of Slav
War Craft After New
Boilers.
, — j .. — _
unable to make out what those on
board were saying.
The fog bank was so dense
that the life-savers were un
able to see the ship as she
pounded away on the sand bar.
Rockets were sent up, but to no
avail. Every effort to gain some
information regarding the dis
abled craft was exhausted till the
tug Reliance made her way out to
the disabled ship and spoke her
captain.
The vessel in distress is the
fifth to meet with an accident in
the fog within the last ten days.
On September 3, the three-masted
schooner James A. Garfield went
ashore in the fog below the Cliff
House, but was quickly pulled oft.
A few hours later, the big Brit
ish ship Drumburton met with
a similar fate • The steamer
Newberg went ashore near Fort
Point soon after, but was towed
off. Then the steam schooner
Maggie ran afoul half a mile be
low the Cliff House on Sunday
night, making four disasters with
in twenty-four hours.
The crew of the Golden Gate
Life Saving Station sighted the
Ditton shortly after she struck,
and an effort to gain some infor
mation concerning her was made.
But the quest was fruitless, for al
though Captain Varney and his
weather-beaten crew could hear
the sound of excited voices from
the distressed vessel, they were
The British ship Ditton from
Newcastle, Australia, in com
mand of Captain Davis, went on
the beach about eight miles south
of the Cliff House shortly after 10
o'clock last night in the dense fog.
The Ditton is a four-masted steel
vessel, 2699 tons register and was
consigned to J. & A. Brown of
this city with a cargo of coal. She
was seventy-four days out and not
overdue. She was last spoken on
September 7, 300 miles west of
this city. She will probably grind
to pieces on the sand bank.
Goes Ashore Below Cliff
House After Quick Run
From Australia.
Jesse Beard. 15 years old, who was
brought into the Juvenile Court in
March by his mother, Mrs. Matilda
Beard of 652 Arch street, was charged
with being incorrigible. He had been
away from home five days and the
mother and sister of the boy thought
that he should be-put in some'institu
tion where he could be managed.
Pending an investigation by the court,
Mrs. Helep W. Rogers, chief probation
officer, and others of the court con
ceived the idea that a physical defect
was responsible for the lad's mental
attitude. ¦ The mother and sister then
remembered a fall received by the boy
when three years old. His head had
struck on a rock in a, stream where he
was wading. Dr. Kohlmer's examina
tion showed a concave formation of the
skull, where it should have been con
vex. Arrangements for an operation
were : made, but they were not carried
out until July 5, as the' boy had run
away in the meantime.'
The' operation ; by* Dr. Kohlmer-in
volved'the removal of three pieces of
the skull, on the under "side of which
he found thick growths pressing
against the brain.- ,
The boy was allowed to leave the
hospital fourteen days later, as well
and strong as ever, but showing a re
markable difference in his manner. The
old surliness and ungovernable temper
were gone and he was perfectly amen
able to the wishes of his mother.
The mind of the boy was cleared and
he seems extremely bright. It is be
lieved that he will rapidly advance in
school and make up for worthless
years. He understands what has oc
curred to him and says he is very
thankful to the court and to the doc
tor.. He will enter a special School in
connection with the Shortridge High
School, maintained for truants and
backward students, this week. The boy
has not been in school for three years
because of his. incorrigibility and at
the time he was taken out of school
he had reached only the second grade—
a class of boys eight years "old.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 13.— The cor
rection of criminal instincts by a sur
gical operation is the latest feat of the
Juvenile Court.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Calf.
"I weigh 275 pounds and certainly
am very much shiftier on my pins
than .Jeffries. I don't ever intend to
go in as a professional fighter, but
when I leave college, if Jeffries has
never been defeated by that time, I'll
go in to do him up just for the sport
of the game."
Rose is 18 years old, is G feet 7 inches
in height, and is declared to be the
fastest man on his feet of any roan of
his size in ¦ the country. He will be 22
years old when he graduates from
college.
*\ "Out there: o':i the coast I-used to do
nothing ;but box before I took up | ath
leticsl" My^father didn't want me. to
follow f th,e game, so*- 1 cut it*, out and
took up athletics instead. But I have
always -kept- at the boxing: game and
there were few men out there on the
coast 'who dared to put on the gloves
with me.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Ralph Rose,
the noted California athlete, now
studying at the University of Michi
gan, has a new ambition. He breaks
world's records at putting the shot and
throwing weights, and yet is not sat
isfied. It is now said that he is after
James J. Jeffries, heavy-weight pugil
ist of the world. Rose wants to be
come a prizefighter and declares that
he is the only man in the world capa
ble of knocking out Jeffries.
In a letter to a Chicago friend he is
"credited with saying:
"1 believe 1 am the only man in the
world who can lick Jeffries. I have a
stronger right arm than Jeffries, I can
hit a harder punch and if Fever hit
him on the neck 1 11 kill him. There is
no reason to believe that I could not
whip Jeffries. I know he stands to-day
the premier 'man of the prizering. But
I am a swifter man on my feet, I have
a harder punch, a longer reach, as
much nerve and endurance and
enough experience in the boxing game
to win. .; _ -•. .
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
While he was in Chicago Cortelyou
had been in consultation with Repub
lican leaders from all sections of the
West. The substance of the reports
that came to him was that the Repub
lican campaign in the West is in good
•shape; that most of the Democrat*
who voted for McKinley four and eight
years x ago will vote for Roosevelt;
that no former silver Republicans are
goiit~ to Parker; that the people are
showing interest in the campaign and
that everything indicates that R<x>3e
velt will carry every Western State
carried by McKinley in 19C0.
Among callers on Cortelyou during
the day was Colonel : George Stone,
chairman of, the California State Re
publican Committee.- Stone reported to
Cbrtelyon .that the campaign in his"
State- would begin "as soon as he re
turned.. Stone came to procure cam
paign literature and to talk over the
general lines on which the national
campaign would be conducted. Stone
reported conditions in his section of
the country as being very satisfactory
and expressed the belief that President
Koosevelt would certainly carry all of
the Far Western States. - / ,
CHICAGO, Sept. 13. — Chairman
George B. Cortelyou of the Republican
National Committee returned to New
York this evening well pleased with
what he had learned of the campaign!
in the West. The substance of Chair
man Cortelyou's parting advice to hl3
Western associates in the manage
ment of the campaign was: 'f%i
"Don't brag; concede nothing; fight
all the time."
Special Di»ratch to Tbs Call.
Becomes Tractable and Intelligent
After Passing Under Sur
geon's Knife.
Colonel George Stone Gives Encourag
ing Word of Situation on
Intends do Arrange a Match, as
Soon as He Finishes His
Course in College.
British Collier Is
Overtaken by
Disaster.
Says He Could Kill Cham
pion One Blow
on the Neck.
His Viciousness Found to
Be Due to Pressure
on the Brain.
Roosevelt Certain ol Every
State Carried by Me-
Kinley in 1900.
Ditton FromNew
castle Fast on
Beach,
Skull of an Incorri
gible Boy Is Re
constructed.
Ralph Rose, Univer
sity Mlete, Will
No Republican De
fection in tlie
West
BIG SHIP
STRIKES
I N A FOG
CHARACTER
CHANGED BY
OPERATION
CLAIMS HE
CAS WHIP
JEFFRIES
FLATTERING
REPORTS TO
CORTELYOU
Alcazar — "The Second in Coa
mand."
California — "Marto of the Xkow
lands."
Central — "Only a Shop Girl."
Chutes — "Vaudeville. i
Columbia — "UaJfles."
Flacher's— "Anheuser Push. 1 *
Grand — "Princess Pan Tan."
Majestic— "In the Palace of th»
King." .
Orpliouitt— Vaudeville. ' Matinee
to-day.
Tivoli — ''The Toreador.*'
THE T3EATEES.
Poreeast mads at San Fran
cisco lor thirty boors eadtnar
mlOnlrht, September 14, 1904:
Saa Francisco and vicialty—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Wed
nesday; lirht sontherly winds.
f^^njrinf to Jresb westerly. <
A. O. McADEG.
District forecaster.
TEE WEATEEB.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.DENVER, Colo., Sept IS. — While
the renomination of Governor Pea
body by the Republican State conven
tion here to-morrow. Is & foregone
conclusion, surface indications point
to a contest over the Indorsement of
the Governor's actions in connection
with the labor troubles.
Delegates headed by State Senator
Newell, who Is a candidate for the
Gubernatorial nomination, advocate a
law and order plank, but disapprove
any indorsement of the deportation
of strikers from their homes that have
taken plate. Peabody's managers
claim more than 600 of the 822 dele
gates. :::',
CONTEST IS EXPECTED.
HELENA, Mont, Sept 13. — The
Democratic State convention will con
vene here to-morrow ! morning to
nominate a State ticket It is con
ceded that Governor J. K. Toole will
be renomlnated by acclamation and
that his friends will be In full con
trol of the convention. Secretary of
State Georga M. Hayes also Is Hkely
to be renominated without serious op
position, but there are several candi
dates for each of the other offices.
There la some talk of fusion with
the Populist and Labor parties, but
no definite movement to that end has
so far developed. The delegates
now on the ground appear to be In
different in regard to fusion.
the Democratic Ticket
Monana Governor Will. Again Head
RENO3flXATIOX FOR TOOLE.
A carload of trunks and dress suit
cases Just received at a saving of E0 per
cent in freight Now Is the time to buy.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st •;
A Carload of Trunks.
NORTH YAKIMA, "Wash.. Sept 13.-
Whlle having sport with a tenderfoot
in making him believe he was experi
encing a sure enough hold-up, Georga
Reed, a stockman, was shot and killed
by Night Patrolman Robert S. Cayou
at a late hour last night
Reed was about 55 years of age and
when on periodical sprees was given
to practical joking. He has had trouble
with the police on other occasions. Last
night, to scare a % newcomer named
Hamlin, Reed flourished a gun and told
Hamlin to throw np his hands.
Hamlin was scared but ran and told
his tale to the police. Officer Cayou saw
Reed about sixty feet away and or
dered him to surrender. In reply Reed
fired a shot The officer returned the
Ore, two of three bullets taking effect,
killing Reed Instantly. Cayou thought
he was firing at a highwayman.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
Funny Man Holds TJp a
Newcomer Who Tells Po
lice and Shooting Is Kesult
KILLED BY AN OFFICEE
Stockman Plays Prank on a
Tenderfoot and Himseli
Is Mistaken for Eobbei
FUN OF JOKER
ENDS FATALLY
¦ . t Don't blame ;. woman . f or t being - vain ;
she is only, what man ¦ has /made ; her. ; ,¦?
TRENTON, N. J., Sept 13.— Under
New 'Jersey's general , primary/election
law party, elections were : held to r day
throughout the State/ Each : j party
elected delegates " to the j convention
which will ' nominate "candidates ; for
Governor/ Congress," State Senator;; As
semblymeni and county., officers; j!.Vot
ing, for candidates for.wardandtown-'
ship nomination ¦ was 'f direct . -»The
indications to-night ; are - that " former
State Senator ! E. C. Stokes i of MI11
ville, . who is - now:' clerk i in
will be the unanimous ' choice = of ; the
; Republican State convention for ; Gov
ernor.-: '¦- •: '--:..¦¦ , : ..- ¦¦...:-'¦?. *-¦/ ¦ ;:.:'.-;¦;¦•¦
• ; Of ; the Democratic delegates elected
many favor the : nomination ; of , Charles
F. Black of Hudson 'for; Governor.'
Stokes and Black May Be the Nom
inees for Governor.
NEW JERSEY' PRIMARIES.
¦ CHICAGO, Sept 18. — Former
United' States * Senator Thomas tJarter
of Montana, now. a World's ' Fair
Commissioner, was at j the Republican
national headquarters to-day. He said
his State was as certainly Republican
as Ohio. . . f. • '
"If . the Democrats are planning to
carry Montana they had better save
their trouble and time," said ; he. \ "It
is certain to go Republican." .' ..
Irrigation legislation, : said the for
mer Senator, had made Mr. Roosevelt
thousands of friends in the semi
arid regions, as well as in the Eastern
States, mong home-seekers and
home-makers, , who would " have % a
chance to . take up .. this reclaimed
land. " " - ' :
Former Senator Carter Says Republi
can Victory la Assured.
MONTANA. IS SAFE.
BOISE. Idaho, Sept. 18. — The Dem
ocratic State convention met to-day
and nominated the following candi
dates to fill vacancies on the State
ticket: Rev. B. F. Clay of Caldwell,
for Congress; A. A. Fraser of Boise,
for Attorney General; Ashby Turner
of Idaho City, for Auditor.
State Ticket Completed.
Railroad Man for Congress.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Sept 13.—
W. H.Andrews of Sierra County, pres
ident of the Albuquerque, Eastern and
Santa Fe Central Railway, has been
nominated by. the Republican Terri
torial convention for Delegate to Con
gress. Andrews was formerly prom
inent in Pennsylvania politics.
.DENVER, Sept. 13.— Interstate Com
merce Commissioner Charles A. Prouty
to-day continued the Investigation .be
gun yesterday of complaints of alleged
discrimination in freight rates , by .the
railroads against this city. Evidence
was, submitted by local manufacturers
and 1 merchants in support of their con
tention that rates on some commodities
from Atlantic Coast points are higher
to Denver than to San Francisco and
that Missouri River cities are granted
lower' rates than Denver to interior
Colorado points. ,
The following., officials - were In at
tendance to-day: , ...
: - William •: R. Kelly, general attorney
of the Union Pacific; J. A. Munroe,
fTeight tariff manager of the Union Pa
cific; J. E. Kelby, assistant attorney of
the Burlington, and D. O. Ives, general
freight agent of the Burlington, ? all
from Omaha; George H. Crosby, assist
ant general traffic manager of the Bur
lington, ' and P. F.- Dunne, attorney of
the Southern Pacific, San Francisco.
Attorney Dunne conducted the exam
ination of witnesses.
I Under; examination • Traffic Manager
Munroe of the Union' Pacific explained
that Missouri River points. were espe
cially, favored, because that section was
the "great distributing point east 1 and
west » and "¦- the railroads must \ neces-*
sarily make a rate basis at those cities;
that I Denver had a contributory: terri
tory ...of -100 miles to the east, but that
lack of population kept the jobbers and
manufacturers here from selling all
their product. : . . ;#
"The Union Pacific Railroad cannot
afford and never , has tried to . build \ up
Missouri | River points ¦ to the \ detriment
of points west,*' declared Munroe. ;" :
; - William Sproule of the i Southern Pa-"
cific, William B. Biddle of the Santa Fe
and George :H.. Crosby .,• of the 'Burling
ton,' freight experts; were : questioned
; regarding Z the i reasons' for* the A higher
rates; to; Denver,, than to Salt Lake and
other i points west of this city.' a It was
shown • that ; while ; Denver ;: paid ' %2 24 a
hundred | pounds on I cotton piece \ goods
Salt Lake paid 'only; $2, Awhile shipments
. to China were taken for. %\ 10. .: The dis
crepancy, was I attributed by % the rail
road:: men ; to J the "need of ballast ?on
some roads : and to the. f act { that | others
operated ships, for. which they required
cargoes.'/; \ /'UJ;'-. '" ; - T ': .-• . : r::
Railroad Men Give Evidence
at Investigation Into the
Charges of Denver People
PORTLAND, Me., Sept 13.— Returns
from the small towns in distant parts
the State to-day and a careful re
vision- of last night's figures place
the Republican plurality in yester
day's State election at about 37,000.
•Returns from 450 cities, towns and
plantations, out of 550, give William
T. tobb (R.). 75,594; Cyrus W. Da
vis (D.), 50,017. The same places in
1900 gave Hill (R.). 72,541; Lord
(D.), 39,714. The. Republican gain
over 1900 is. now estimated at . 6 : per
cent, and the Democratic gain at 24
per cent.
Additional returns In the.Congres
sional districts have not altered the
result, all four Republican Congress
men being" returned by pluralities
ranging from 5000 to 7000. .
Cobb's Plurality Over Davis Is. Esti
mated at 27,000.
MAINE'S ELECTION RETURNS.
EIPERTS TALK
ABOUT FREIGHT
The Lieutenant Governorship and
Btate Treasurership are still unsettled.
At a conference to-night Julius A.
Mayer of the New York Court of Spe
cial Sessions was selected for the nom
ination for Attorney General. There is
no change in the plan to renominate
Secretary of State John F. O'Brien,
Comptroller Otto Kelsey and State En
gineer and Surveyor Henry A. Van
Alstyne.
J. Sloat Fassett has been selected for
temporary chairman of the convention.
SARATOGA, Sept. 13.— Unless the
forces behind the candidacy of .Lieu
tenant Governor Frank W. Higgins
change position before a vote is £aken
there is every indication of his nomi
nation by the Republican State con
vention to head the State ticket as can
didate for Governor. But one name is
mentioned in opposition, that of former
Lieutenant Governor Timothy L.
Woodruff. All talk of a third candidate
has been abandoned and to-night the
contest lies between the two men.
Governor Odell and his friends are out
spoken in their advocacy of Higgins
«nd in a poll issued to-night claim to
have 703 votes assured in his favor.
The convention's total vote is 974.
Seems Certain of Nomination for New
York Governorship.
HIGGIXS IX THE LEAD.
There was an animated discussion of
a proposed revision of the laws by
which saloonkeepers, bartenders and
retail liquor dealers are to be barred
frem membership in the Red Men.
The amendment was presented by Past
Great Incohonee Robert T. Daniel,
chairman of the committee on revision
of laws, and was adopted by a safe
majority vote.
The amendment also provides that
any member who shall engage in the
retail liquor business after having been
admitted to the order shall be liable to
suspension. It is not incumbent upon
the State councils to accept this new
law, but it Is recommended to them for
adoption.
Another amendment, similar in char
acter, which was also accepted, pro
vides that should any branch of the or
der hold any ball or other entertain
ment on Sunday or sell any Intoxicat
ing liquor at such entertainment, it is
liable to have Its charter revoked. Gift
enterprises and other lotteries are also
prohibited.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 13.— The Red. Men
of the United States elected the follow
ing officers to-day:
Great Incohonee, Thomas H. Watts,
Alabama; g^eat prophet, Thomas H.
Barrison, Indiana; great senior saga
more, John W. Cherry, Virginia; great
junior sagamore, W. A. S. Bird, Kan
sas; great chief of records, Wilson
Brooks, Illinois; great keeper of wam
pum, Thomas J^Bell, Massachusetts,
Exclude From Order Retail
•Liquor Dealers, Bartenders
and All Saloon Owners
RED MEN MAKE
CHANGE IN LAW
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13.— The Nato
tna vineyard winery, fifteen miles
northeast of this city, on the American
River, burned to the ground about 8
o'clock this evening-
Engineer Lester, carrying a lighted
candle, entered the distillery to inspect
a tank of high proof brandy. Owing to
the warm weather of the past few days
the evaporation had been great, and
the fire from the candle Ignited the
Erases. An explosion followed, in which
the engineer was severely burned., He
fell to the engine-room below and was
also badly injured by the fall. The
flames spread to the fermenting plant,
thence to the winery building. The en
tire plant is destroyed.
The Natoma winery was one of the
largest in the State, and the loss prob
ably will reach $ 300,0 00.
. — ,
Bifj Natoma Plant, on River
Near Sacramento. Burned,
Causing Loss of $300,000
It is best, to, settle" a quarrel without
any outside interference.
It was announced from Friedrichs
ruhe on Saturday that Prince Herbert
Bismarck was seriously ill and that
contradictory reports had been in cir
culation for some time regarding his
condition. According to one version
the Prince's condition was hopeless and
abdominal cancer was hinted at. An
other report said the Prince was merely
suffering from ptomaine poisoning, due
to eating bad fish while in England
several months ago. .
Prince^ Herbert is "the eldest son \ of
the late Prince Bismarck. "He" ! was
born In Berlin 28, 184$, and
married Margaret, Countess Hoyos, in
1S92. • ¦¦.. ¦ , ; .^— ;¦¦
GREAT WINERY
IS DESTROYED
"The the grand master
replied, "has proved to the organized
workingmen of this country that, he
has an interest in their welfare by ac
cepting an honorary membership in an
organization of men whose faces are
begrimed by smoke and dust and daily
and hourly face the gravest dangers."
An outburst of cheering followed.
During the demonstration the men on
the stage sat silent.
Grand Master Hannahan of the
Brotherhood was just drawing his ad
dress to a close and he had called at
tention to the fact that a New York
newspapers had criticized the Presi
dent because he had accepted an -hon
orary membership fn 1 the Brotherhood
of -Locomotive Firemen. 11 ' > * ; ¦ -
! "Let me say j" said the grand master,
"that" if tlie President of the United
States or any-other, of. its citizens does,
nothing worse than' accept membership
in this organization - he will neither
merit the ill-will nor deserve the cen
sure of any of his fellowmen.
"If the rest of the public and par
ticularly those who are entrusted with
the direction of our Government and
the management of the nation's great
est enterprises would do as the Presi
dent and meet us upon a common level
there would be fewer strikes and less
strife and more of peace. and good will
in the industrial world."
"What has the President done for
you?" shouted a man.
BUFFALO, Sept. 13.— The public
meeting held last night in Convention
Hall by the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen of America, now in convention
in this city, wound up in a demonstra
tion for President Roosevelt. The hall
was filled.
Locomotive Firemen Loudy Applaud
Name of the President.
CHEERS FOR ROOSEVELT.
FRIEDRICHSRUHE, Sept. 13.—
Prince Herbert Bismarck's condition is
most grave. His sister. Countess von
Rantzau, has been summoned to join
the rest of the family, who are already
at Friedrichsruhe.
The Prince's malady is now pro
nounced to be cancer of the liver. Al
though- he was slightly better to-day
Professors Schweininger and Von Nor
den pronounce the case as hopeless.
Miss de Filippe will sing the waltz
song, "Cupid and I," and will be heard
in the duet, "Gaze on This Face so
Noble," with Andrew Bogart, whose
debut on the operatic stage will be
made in "The Serenade." She will also
have several other lyric opportunities,
and the satisfaction of having sung the
prima donna role in the greatest cast
the opera has ever had in this city.
When Victor Herbert's melodious
comic opera, "The Serenade," is pro
duced at the Tivoli next Sunday night
one of the most delightful features of
the cast will be Dora de Fillippe as
Yvonne. This gifted young singer has
established herself as an immense fa
vorite, and it is worthy of remark that
some of her greatest triumphs have
been accomplished when she has been
pitted against formidable artistes who
have had superior opportunity. It Is
therefore naturally expected that the
splendid chance afforded by Yvonne
will result in the greatest triumph of
her San Francisco career. „
Prince Herbert Suffers From
Cancer and Fatal End-.
ing Is Expected.
Dora de Fillippe Will Appear
at Tivoli Opera-House in
"The Serenade."
6ON OF THE IRON CHANCELLOR.
WHO IS DYING OF CANCER IN
GERMANY.
MISS DORA DE FILIPPE. WHO
WILL. SING YVONNE IN "THE
SERENADE."
Lachman's stand in favor of Califor
nia wines won a victory for the State
and settled the point regarding labels.
The concession was made to Califor
nia that as long as the wines bearing
typical French labels ¦• also bore the
name California so prominently that
there could be no possible deception
they could be entered in. competition.
The jurors finished their work well
satisfied and showed utter impartiality
in dealing with : Calif ornia. Among the
Frenchmen on the; jury are men known
throughout, the world in the wine trade.
They are Calve and Guestten, two of
the biggest shippers ofiBordeaux; Kes
ter i of Paris, E Buhan and • Schyller* of
Bordeaux and Foucauld, Fame, Laporte
and ,Broauet.VQf.:Cognac; Signor. Ruoff
of Italy; Dr. Baiserman 'Jordan, the
TRliine ,wine expert of Dledesheim, Ger
many, and Mesquita and Pintso of Lis
bon.
The American jurors jjkre Lachman,
LeeJ Vanco of New York; W. B. At
wood of Blackberry, Va.; Judus Schul
ler of Indianapolis; John Ludwig of
Winona, Minn.; W. H. McNeall of St.
Joseph, Mo., and E. Dubois of* Talla
hassee, Fla.
Vance will depart for California Sat
urday as the representative of . the
American Wine Association to confer
with California growers concerning her
wine and food laws.
The awards here are being made, by
classes and not varieties, which is an
• advantage to California, .
The jury this morning honored Cali
fornia by electing Mr. Lachman its
chairman. M. Kester, who Was presi
dent of the Paris jury which threw out
alj California wines because they bore
the names of French districts, wa3
chosen vice chairman.
Henry Lachman, the juror from San
Francisco, reached here Sunday night.
A long conference was held immediate
ly after his arrival between some of the
French jurors, Superintendent Haber
of the California wine exhibit and
Lachman. Many points of dispute were
amicably settled. >
ST. LOUIS, ¦ Sept. 13.— The interna
tional jury on wines finished testing the
vintages of California this aftei-noon.
The members were, busily at work all
day yesterday and most of to-day on
the wines of the Golden State. From all
indications California wine producers
have cause to feel jubilant. It is felt
by those watching the interests of the
State that California will carry off
higher honors. than she has at any pre
vious exposition. They make this
statement directly. ,
A few days ago the situation looked
gloomy, and for a time there was a
possibility that California wines would
be withdrawn from competition alto
gether. The - old protest . of France
against wines of any other country
bearing the names of districts within
her borders that , had made her own
wines famous was renewed. The jury,
composed mostly of foreigners and
largely of Frenchmen, was in favor of
sustaining the protest.-
Speciaf Dispatch to The Call
Test of Vintage of the Golden
State Is Completed and the
Prediction Is Made That
High Honors Will Be Given
The x>dsse found the Indians still
plundering the stage and dividing the
loot, but being outnumbered the Mexi
can party at best could only beat back
the Yaquis and escape to San Marcial,
where a large posse was organized, set
out for the scene of the killing and re
covered the bodies of the dead.
Luis Estrella, Chief of Police of Car
bo, reached Hermosillo Sunday with a
ecore of prisoners taken after a fight
with the Yaquis between Carbo and
Rayon. Estrella used the Indians' own
tactics in pursuing them. He employed
Yaqui guides loyal to the Government
and succeeded in surrounding and de
feating them without losing a man, al
though seven Indians were killed in the
fight.
Twenty out of the twenty-five sur
vivors were captured. The leaders will
be executed and the remainder deport
td to Yucatan.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, Sept 13.—
Mexican officials at the capital have
granted the request of the Ortiz La
Barranca stage line asking that the
road be patrolled to protect the lives of
passengers.
The request was made following a
second assault upon the La Barranca
stage by over fifty Yaqui Indians, who
killed Henry VL Martin, an American,
and four Mexican passengers. The
driver, who possessed neither arms nor
valuables, was allowed to escape, he
being a half-breed Yaqui.
Martin was superintendent of the San
Marcial coal mines. He and the Mexi
cans were mowed down by a shower of
bullets before they could make use of
the rifles with which they were armed.
The driver, who ran all the way to
Punta de Agua, gave the alarm, and
an armed posse was organized to ac
company the La Dura stage, which
¦uas just starting out upon the road for
Ban Marcial.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Speaking of the two opposing candi
dates, he ridiculed the suggestion of an
"unsafe candidate," saying:
Unsafe! Who have been his advisers? Wno
stand as his supporters and admirers? Let
me name three of them— three whom all men
honor, all men trust— Elihu Root. John Hay,
William H. Taft. Is the man unsafe who se
lects such advisers?
If the voters of the country are earnestly
seeking an answer to the question as to which
of the great political, parties should receive
their support it is (surely to be found in the
history of the last twelve years. Twelve years
ago the Democratic party came into full power
in the Government. It proceeded at once to
put its policy into force and from that very
hour a blight fell upon tins nation. Crippled
business, vanishing opportunities, rising dis
content, impaired national credit, increasing
internal disorder, ever-growing unhappiness,
marked as with successive mile stones the
progress of < Democratic administration.
That even lower depths of uncertainty, want
and loss were not reached we attribute to the
fact that its President was better than his
party in all respects but one. The Democratic
party was imbued with the most vicious rad
icalisms. Grover Cleveland, with all his
faults, was conservative.
The Republican party won the election in
1890 and commencing with that very hour pros
perity returned. -
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 13.— The
Republican State Convention met to
night with United States Senator Or
ville H. Platt as temporary chairman.
The indications are that Lieutenant
Governor Henry Roberts will be nomi
nated for Governor to-morrow on the
first ballot. In second place Rollins S.
Woodruff will be named.
The other places on the ticket prob
ably will go as follows: Secretary of
State, Theodore Bodenwein; Controller,
Azel A. Mitchell, A. J. Mussey or
Charles* Bissell; Treasurer, William E.
Seeley, the present Controller; Con
gressman at Large, George L. Lilly.
The entire fight centers on the head
of the ticket. '
On taking the chair Senator Platt
said: .
The robbery occurred at the end of
a sharp curve, exactly where a similar
holdup was engineered £wo years ago
by the Chicago car barn bandits. The
engineer, as the train rounded the
curve, saw a red lantern on the track
and stopped the train. Immediately
the engine, express* car and baggage
car were boarded by the robbers, ap
parently five in number.
A fusillade of shots was fired along
the sides , of the train to prevent in
terference by passengers. The mes
senger of the express car was com
pelled to open . the door and the car
safe was dynamited and the contents
taken, after which the engine crew
was compelled 'to return to the pas
senger coaches. The engine was cut off
and the robbers mounted it, ran it west
through Letts and to within two miles
of Columbus Junction, where the en
gine was left standing on the track.
The manner in which the robbers
handled the engine, their knowledge of
the fact that Letts' was a closed station
at night and the selection of a point
contiguous to .Columbus Junction to
abandon the engine convince the offi
cers that the robbers, or some of them,
are experienced railroad men.
Two packs of bloodhounds are work
ing upon supposed trails of the rob
bers. The one near Columbus Junction
struck a trail three hours after It was
made . by the robbers.' A message re
ceived from the posse states that the
hounds are following the trail and
going in the direction of the Delta,
upon the Mississippi, where : the rcoun
try is overgrown with stunted timber.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Sept. 13.—Ex
press officials say that the five bandits
who perpetrated a successful holdup of
the passenger train on the Rock Island
near Letts shortly after midnight this
morning secured no money, though the
safe was blown open and the contents
taken. They aver that the safe con
tained merchandise of some value,
company papers in transit, etc., but
no money.
Three special trains on which were
posses of railroad arid express company
employes and a number of officers were
rushed to the scene of the robbery im
mediately upon the receipt of the news,
going from Muscatine, West Liberty
and Davenport. Horses were procured
in the. country surrounding Columbus
Junction and in that town, near which
point the robbers left the railroad.
Mounted men with bloodhounds are
scouring the country in every direction,
while all trains that pass through Co
lumbus Junction or nearby points are
being carefully 'inspected by officers to
ascertain if the bandits are undertak
ing to escape in this way. The en
gineer and fireman of the train fur
nished pretty accurate descriptions of
the three men.
SAN FRANCISCAN
WINS A VICTORY
Posse Gives Chase to the
Murderers and Majority
of Brigands Are Captured
Senator From the Nutmeg
State Compares Records
of the Two Old Parties
Bloodhounds on the Trail of
Desperadoes, Who Are Be
lieved to Be Railroad Men
SPARE DRIVER'S LIFE
POSSES AFTER BANDITS
Objection to Labels Bearing
Names, of French Districts
Withdrawn After Confer
ence of International Jury
PLATT IN THE CHAIR
Bedskins Attack La Barran
ca Stage and Slay Ameri
can and Four Mexicans
Probably Will Be Chosen
on the First Ballot by
Connecticut Bepublicans
Safe of Rock Island Train
Held Up in Iowa Did Not
Contain a Cent of Money
CALIFORNIA
WINES ARE
TO COMPETE
YAQDIS KILL
AND PLUNDER
ROBBERS FIND
LITTLE BOOTY
HENRY ROBERTS
FOR GOVERNOR
DEATH HOVERS
NEAR THE SON
OF BISMARCK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALE,; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 190<.
GIFTED YOUNG
STAR CAST TO
SING YVONNE
2
A "Wireless Message <m$u
\4L $ 1 2.00 and Upward t<: >^ds ¦-•'
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND EL ECTRIC CO,
.. '":-';¦,. 41s post street; • ;¦ * .-•
\ ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A. B. C. Beer's Purity and Freedom From I
1 v Adulteration Officially Recognized f I
H OFFICE OF STATE *8 AI -VSf' . |
j|| Certificate of / V 1
"Jl £\> Af if tfS jf-~^ V I - JrA— >— m — y§> — >* * j
lfl I have examined sample marked __ C/v r /cr» /a /a/lA/ Ml
H received &AamJL..~—-./£SJJ~-- \ . «*->. and report as/Wbvs: x i :
em ilawk bd Is iH mf IMPO55IBl^E TO FIND IT IN MAN^r • ft I
II UP I I i# 1 il W^ BOTTLED BEERS, BECAUSE THEIR.
1 r li 1%. 1 1 W PRESERVATION IS GAINED THROUGH
|j * a^A A A CHEMICAL ADULTERATION |
H Bottled "beers, as well as food products, are often adulterated Vhh " j J
fll -; preservatives, et<^, which for awhile keep them^from sovpng*- b«t *** mjtiriotxs to the i'\
M Ktomach. A. B. C. BEER h guaranteed to be ABSOLUTELY PURE and free from j. I
I? ;1 \ any ' adulteration , whatever. It is never exposed to the air (which a .germ-laden ), but is M
p| brewed, fermented and aged for eight months in air-tight compartments, then piped in I j
||| blocfctih pipes^direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where ft is bottled, sealed, I I
|;i pasteurized and packed for shipment* j I
(3 >% ir""5&> jT m^ THE ONLY BEER I I
III ZjK r"^ m ¦ BOTTLED EXCLUSIVELY fl
Kg : ; ':",> f --— -v-.:* ''¦,„- ¦ ' ™"~^*^ • ; T^*^^ • ¦ , ATT THE BREWERY j |
H Therefore the only Bottled Beer whose Purity can be ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED \ j
B The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. 1
H. HILBERT MERCANTILE COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers . i
l| 136*144 Second Street, SAN FRANCISCO f j
¦¦-•-; ¦¦¦¦¦,. • ¦¦ . • . ¦' WESTSWAXSET, N. H., Sept. . 13.— lira.
Denman Thompson, wife ot the veteran actor,
Is ill at her home here end it is believed slie
will not recover. -.iMaBQnHMBIiH
Said to Have Recommended His Trial
/ by Courtmartial.
KUROPATKIN BLA3IES ORLOFF.
ST. . PETERSBURG, Sept '. 1 3.— The
report persists, although there is
nothing official to confirm; it,. :; that
General Kuropatkin' has recomrnend
edahe trial .by ' courtmartial . • of j Major
General Or loff, upon (whose ] failure \ to
carry out .his ; orders 7 the /non-success
of General ¦ Kuropatkin's' plans against
General ( Kuroki, v at « the . most . critical
COLON, Sept. .13.— Judge Oskala
Kyle yesterday opened the first Amer
ican court In the Panama canal zone.
Prosecuting Attorney ; Keedy was at
his post and G. R. Shanton, captain of
police . of the canal ; zone, acted ¦'.. as
marshal. The former ' railway station
at Colon has been converted into a
courthouse. Judge .Kyle; will preside
at Ancon. •
Tribunal Presided Over by ,Tud«je Kyle
With the Assistance . of Attor
ney and Marshal.
FIRST AMERICAN COURT
IS OPENED IN PANAMA
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13. — Jennie
Baxter was struck on the head w'th
an ax while lying in bed aslepe about
4 o'clock this morning and seriously
wounded. William Gibson, a brother
in-law of the victim, has been arrested
on suspicion of having committed the
deed, as It is alleged he made threats
against her. ;
Sacramento Man Arrested for At
tempting to Kill His Sister- in- :
Law While She Sleeps.
WOMAN IS STRUCK ON
HEAD WITH AN AX
The authorities here are of;. the
opinion that General Kuropatkin will
not withdraw from Mukden without
accepting battle. It^is; expected that
he will leave 50.000 men to defend
Mukden, while the remainder of his
army' retires to -Tie Pass.' "It is be
lieved that General Kuropatkin ' now
has more than-200,000 \ men. The gen
eral staff said to-day.; that • since the
battle of Liaoyang General" Kuropat
kin had been reinforced by two army
corps. i^^^E^^^^8SSSHftfflH
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 13.— The
Emperor last night received a long
report from General Kuropatkin,.out
lining the military situation and . the
disposition of the Russian forces: and
describing minutely ' the strategical
considerations. It is understood . that
General Kuropatkin;. dealt, lengthily
with the political aspect of the sit-,
uation. . r
' — - •
Portion of Kuropatkin's Army to Op
pose Japanese Advance.
WILL FIGHT AT aiUKDEN".
SAN JOSE, Sept. 13.^ — The prosecu
tion has finished Its case in the trial
of ex-City Treasurer McGeoghegan,
charged with embezzling $9823 of the
city's money.
This afternoon a motion was made
to have the Jury instructed to acquit
on the ground that the evidence was
not sufficient to convict. Judge Tut
tle denied the motion.
Prosecution Closes Its Case Against
the Accused Ex-Treasurer of
San Jose.
MOTION TO ACQUIT t
McGEOGHEGAN DENIED
THE LENA NO EXCEPTION.
All Russian ,W,arships In Orient .in
1) Same Condition.
The presence of the Russian.trans
port Lena in San Francisco harbor,
together with the admissions; of . her
officers, - has. . disclosed some of'" the
reasons, for the naval disasters of the
Russians In thie: Far. East. As a mat
ter of fact, .the Lena is in acomplete
ly unseaworthy condition and state
ments ' of Tier /officers go to show, that
her ¦ case . is . no - exception. - - Some ' of
these officers, in ; .their dealings .with
the - United States" authorities, ; have
said that- therest of the vessels of the
Czar ,were.inino,better condition -than
the crippled cruiser. . ,. ,;..;.;; .
These .statements were, made by the
Lena's officers in explanation (of ; the
condition, of the-crulser and ;in; ex
tenuation, of. what might -, be regarded
byother naval men as negligence.,
Health may be wealth for some, but
it is povertj' for the doctor.
BELLINGHAM. Wash., Sept. 13. —
The three v bandits who Saturday
night held ud the Canadian Pacific
train are believed to be still within
the boundaries of Whatcom County,
but they have completely dropped
from sight, and not the slightest ad
ditional clew has. been obtained •*• by
the posses. Interest is stimulated by
the offer of $5000 reward by the Ca
nadian -Pacific Railway and the Do
minion Express Company, in addition
to 5500 that the Canadian Govern
ment offers for each man captured.
In the woods about where the ban
dits are supposed to be hiding there
are many cabins left by deserted log
ging camps, in one of which they are
believed to be concealing themselves'
by day while they forage at night.
The theory is gaining ground that
the gang. has separated and the indi
vidual members are endeavoring to
make their way out of the country,
each with his share of the $7200 in
gold dust and money obtained from
the express car.
Canadian Authorities Are of Opinion
That Robbers Are Hiding in
Deserted Cabins.
BELIEVE BANDITS HAVE
\ NOT LEFT COUNTRY
is in need of repairs and coal, Russia
will expect the United States to ignore
the reported Japanese. dem'and that she
be forced to leave within 24 hours and
to permit the necessary repairs to be
made and also to allow the Lena ¦ to
take on board sufficient coal to enable
her to reach the nearest Russian home
port. It" is not believed, however, that
Russia would object to the stipulation
that if the Lena is, allowed to coal she
shall undertake not to interfere : with
neutral commerce^pending her arrival
at: a home port, ""j '" '
. In official quarters there are two ver
sions of the Lena's mission. According
to the one which is most generally ac
cepted the Lena was sent out to stop
contraband of war bound for Japan,
possibly as In the case of the Russian
volunteer fleet steamships St. Peters
burg and Smolensk, under the direct
orders of Grand Duke Al exan d er Mik
hailovich,. head of the department of
mercantile marine and brother-in-law
of Emperor Nicholas, and was driven
by stress of weather, exhaustion of her
coal supply or fear of returning, to
Vladivostok . after the defeat of the
Vladivostok squadron by the Japanese
squadron, commanded by Vice-Admiral
Kamimura, to seek shelter at San
Francisco. ¦ . .
The other version of the Lena's mis
sion is that she is to, examine into the
possibilities of the Cape Horn route
for the Baltic squadron.
One feature of the San Francisco dis
patches that has greatly pleased Rus
sians is that reporting .the colloquy be
tween Collector of the Port Stratton
and the Japanese Consul General, who,
when he demanded that he should be
given charge' of the Lena case, was
bluntly told, in effect, by the American
official to "mind his own business."
Newspapers point to this Incident as
Illustrating the growing insolence of
Japan since she has won temporary
success in the war, and the policy that
Japan has been pursuing in Chinese
ports while the powers looked . calmly
on. They liken the case of the Lena to
that of the Ryeshltelnl, which, after. It
had disarmed at Chefu, was attacked,'
seized and towed out of the harbor? by
Japanese warships and is now in the
Japanese naval service.
"It is to be hoped," says the Noyoe
Vremya, "that the action of the federal
official . at . San Francisco will not- be
disavowed at Washington, as was that
of the American admiral at Shanghai.
But the Ryeshltelni incident is not like
ly, to be repeated in an American har
bor.'.'
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
DISPOSITION OF THE LENA'S CREW
This rule Is enforced to anticipate
any possibility of the engineer or con
ductor forgetting their orders. In the
event of which the fireman and brake
man are in duty bound to remind
them of the fact- Apparently the
fireman and brakeman were neglect
ful in this duty Monday and allowed
Engineer Isoard to send his train into
a. collision. Engineer Boyd and the
fireman of the second engine have
also been adjudged guilty of negiect,
for they received the same orders as
If-oard, notwithstanding the latter
guided the train on its run.
A number of the passengers who
were on the wrecked section of the
?restbour.d train arrived h-j.-j yester
day r**ernoon. and included a party
cf Rock Island excursionists and sev
eral of those who were slightly in
jured in the smashup. In discussing
the accident 3'esterday Manager Ag
ler of the Southern Pacific Bald that
the train crew upon whom had been
affixed the blame for the collision is
doomed to dismissal, but he added
that the case of Engineer Isoard, who
Is in the railroad hospital, will not be
p.cted on until he has recovered suf
ficiently to move about.
The officials of the company are
preparing to thoroughly investigate
the collision. The frank admission
made by Engineer Isoard, however,
hardly necessitates/ further inquiry
into the matter, for he takes the
blame on his own shoulders. It is a
rule^ of the company that on receipt
of train orders an engineer must Im
mediately read the same to his fire
man, and the conductor to his head
brakeman.
Southern Paciflo Officials Say Train
Crevr Was Ne»lectf uL
AFFIX BLAME FOR WRECK.
Russian War Office Disposes of a
Batch of False Reports.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 13.— The
War Office to-day authorized the press
to deny the report circulated by the
Morning Post of London to the effect
that 3000 men of Lieutenant General
Zassulitch's corps have been captured;
to deny the report from the same
source that Zassulitch had been
wounded, and also to deny the state
ment from Tokio that dumdum bul
lets were used by the Russians at Liao
yang.
The general staff denies that Gen
eral Llnevitch has marched into
Northeastern Korea from Vladivostok
and cut General Kuroki's communica
tions with Fengwangcheng, as re
ported in a dispatch from Tientsin to
the London Daily Mail.
The report published in Paris to-day
that Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky
had been tried by court-martial, sen
tenced to death and shot for disobey
ing the order not to \ return to Port
Arthur after the sortie of the Rus-
DENIAL OF WAR FAKES.
With the knowledge of this situation
at the front it is not to be wondered at
that the Russian pres3 Is outspoken In
its demand that Kuropatkin be given a
free hand hereafter, nor is It remark
able that the rumor should be afloat
periodically that the blundering Alexieff
had eent his resignation to the Em
peror.
Now General. Kuropatkin is Just
where he expected to be in September
when he left St. Petersburg to take
command. Through the interference of
Alexieff he has lost thousands of men,
many guns and quantities oC supplies.
Moreover, the morale of his men has
been affected by successive reverses.
But the Russian general will retreat no
farther If his own belief in- the succes3
of his plan of campaign prove to have
been correct. It is expected that at Tie
Pass the Japanese will receive their
final check, and the reinforcements that
are now crossing Siberia will enable
him to take the offensive, either in a
winter campaign, if the "Japanese so
elect, or next spring, when Russia will
have more than a half-million men at
the front.
In the meantime should Port Arthur
fall that disaster, too, could be at
tributed to the interference of Alexieff.
Kuropatkin had planned to give Port
Arthur an enormous garrison and sup
plies sufficient to withstand a year's
siege, expecting to effect the relief, of
the garrison no sooner than late this
autumn or early next spring. Alexieff,
stubbornly confident that one Russian
could easily defeat ten Japanese, or
dered that Kuropatkin send to the Yalu
the men that he had intended for Port
Arthur. After repulsing the Japanese,
said Alexieff, there would be plenty of
time to look after Port Arthur.
The programme of the Russian com
mander-ln-chief was upset as soon as
he reached the front. Viceroy Alexieff
believed that the Japanese, advance
should be met at the Yalu River. De
spite Kuropatkin's protest he was com
pelled to attempt with 35,000 men to
stem the brown legions advancing
through Korea and thereafter fight
battle after battle while falling back
toward the position where he had plan
ned to make his first stand early in
September. Alexleff's policy was popu
lar with the Czar and with the Russian
populace, for the Viceroy told his Em
peror that the Russians would defeat
the islanders, though outnumbered four
to one, and advance to the early relief
of Port Arthur, which stronghold had
been placed in its critical position
through his blundering.
. The Russian heart is: set. upon the
rescue of the brave garrison that for
months has held the "Gibraltar of the
East" against the Japanese besiegers.
It was in the hope of effecting this res
cue that Stakelberg was sent on his
disastrous attempt to pierce the Japa
nese lines and fight "his way to Port
Arthur, and it is the belief here that
the Czar himself ordered that a decisive
stand be made at Liaoyang in the hope
that at last his commender in chief
had been sufficiently reinforced to de
feat the combined Japanese armies and
advance to the relief of Stoessel.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 13.— "One
more . 'defeat' and retirement for th»
Russian forces in Manchuria and then
the tide will have turned," said a high
oi ial of the War Department to-day.
"llie 'defeat' will come at Mukden and
the first decisive Russian victory of the
war will occur at Tie Pass, providing
the Japanese continue their advance
beyond Mukden."
The gloom that succeeded the reverse
at Liaoyang has been followed by a
buoyancy that indicates cheering news
from the commander-in-chief. By the
expected defeat at Mukden the official
probably meant that General Kuropat
kin would leave sufficient force there
to check for a time the Japanese ad
vance and when the attack is pressed
too strongly to fall back to the main
army at Tie Pass. The force that will
defend Mukden will consist of 50,000
men. It is not exftected that the Jap
anese will attack the' city within three
weeks, as that period will be necessary
to enable them to replenish their sup
plies of ammunition and get their com
missariat Into shape for a' resumption
of the campaign. The bad roads have
of late delayed the advance of trans
port. f
Tie Pass is the strongest point, from
the standpoint of defensive operations,
in all Manchuria. It . was here that
Kuropatkin, even before he left Russia
for the front, planned to make his first
stand against the Japanese armies.
"There will not be a decisive battle
before December," said Kuropatkin in
before September," said Kuropatkin in
the Russian army will take the of
fensive."
hour of the battle of Liaoyang, is at
tributed. \
According to a statement made by a
personage connected with the Em
peror's surroundings, Kuropatkin as
sured his Majesty of his ability to ac
cept battle and defeat the Japanese
at Liaoyang, and for this reason the
Emperor's disappointment Is all the
more keen and his dissatisfaction at
the outcome all the greater.
sian squadron on August 10, is untrue.
He has not been tried by court-mar
tial, but will be recalled.
RUSSIANS USE LIVE WIRES.
Chinese Bandits Preparing
for Active Operations
LONDON, Sept 14.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent at Chefu reports that
300,000* Chinese coolies are engaged
upon Japanese entrenchments between
Dalny and Port Arthur. .
The Morning Post's correspondent at
Shanghai hears that the calling out of
a portion of the Japanese territorial
army is Imminent.
From Tokio th^ correspondent of the
Standard . telegraphs that the Chinese
Government is becoming uneasy over
the fate, of Manchuria. An uncon
firmed report, he says, is current that
Wu. Ting Fane, the Chinese assistant
Foreign Minister, will leave Peking
shortly on a special mission to Europe
and America on the Manchurian ques
tion. .
Bennett Burleigh. cabling from Tien
tsin to the Daily Telegraph, still in
sists that the Japanese casualties in
the battle of Liaoyang were nearer 30,
000 than 17,000. Burleigh declares there
is no evidence that the Russians used
dumdum bullets. Burleigh's dispatch
says:
"The ' Japanese, who are bad horse
masters, have many thousands of ani
mals foundered, terribly galled and
sored. Reinforcements both of men
and horses, however, are being has
tened northward. The Mikado's troops
hold secretly but strongly all the dis
tricts to the north along the Llao
River up to Singmintin. I believe the
Chunchuses are organizing for some
important operations north of Mukden.
"Oyama was overheard to say at
Liaoyang that, stuborn as Kuropatkin
is, he must now^be in a desperate con
dition and aware that his game will
not do. Whatever corps Russia may
mobolize, Japan can duplicate them
with better troops put into the field
more quickly.".
Grant Wallace, correspondent of the
San Francisco Bulletin, who has Just
recovered from a dangerous illness.
complains of gross neglect at the hands
of the Japanese army doctors. He says
that is a part of the plan to be rid of
all foreigners.
Japanese Encounter Electricity in an
Attack at Sukwantung.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEADQUAR
TERS IN. THE FIELD, Sept. 5, via
Tientsin, Sept; 13. — One of the blood
iest encounters of the entire war oc
curred on the night of September 2,
during the course of General Kuroki's
pursuit of the army of General Kuro
patkin in the week's struggle that end
ed, in the Russian retreat across the
Taitse River. •
A part of the center division of
Kuroki's army made a night assault
against the high hills at Sukwantung.
to the south of Heiyingtai, and facing
a bend in the Taitse River. Upon ap
proaching the Russian trenches they
encountered an unexpected defense.
The Russians had_strung along the
ground i heavy wires, ¦ highly charged
with electricity, and as the Japanese
soldiers ran against the wires in the
darkness they received severe shocks.
In addition .to this, the Russian troops
defending the trenches threw hand
grenades, or shells, among the storm
ers. The effect was terrifying and
many of the Japanese were wounded.
The attempt to seize this hill, which
was an important vantage ground to
either army, was not successful.
One Japanese battalion which fought
its way into the trenches exhausted
its ammunition. It attempted to cut
its way out with the bayonet, but it
was almost exterminated. On Septem
ber. 3 the Russians withdrew and the
Japanese occupied these positions in
the evening without opposition.
SAN FRANCISCO UNIONS
ADVISED BY FEDERATION
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Seven persons
in one family were burned to death and
six others were injured seriously in th«
fire which partially destroyed a tene
ment building at 63-70 First street early
to-day. More than twenty families
were asleep in the building.
It was shortly after 2 o'clock when
the alarm was given. Within the few
moments that had elapsed the flames
gained great headway and the neigh
borhood was in a panic. Women and
children were dropped from the win
dows of the lower floors, and dozens of
grown persons were fighting in th«
hallwas's to reach the open air.
A policeman clambered to the roof of
an adjoining building, and clinging to
the cornice reached down to the win
dows of th« fifth floor and raised seven
children, who were handed 6ut by their
parents.
Another officer, winding a coat about
his head, entered the building from be
low and rolled down the stairs the body
of a half-suffocated man. Three times
the officer came back carrying two per
sons in his arms. Then he fell ex
hausted.
One fireman, although badly burned,
took seven persons from a single win
dow on the fourth floor.
When the work of rescue had been
completed and the flames had been
brought under control the firemen hur
riedly searched the crowded flats, and
on the fourth floor they found seven
dead. They were: Onda Konovitsch;
Anna Konovitsch, his •wife; Kono
vitsch, grown son: Konovitsch. sec
ond son; twin babies of the Konovitsch
family, three months old, and an uni
dentified man. - . - ,
Police Captain McDermott and the
firemen who first reached the burning
building believe the fire was of incen
diary origin. The janitor of the build
ing says that an attempt to set fire to
the tenement^ was made last Thursday
night, .when a burning broom that had
been sprinkled with kerosene was found
in the hallway.
MOTHER'S CARELESSNESS
' CAUSES I>EATH OF CHILD
Infant Falls Into Can of Bnttermilk
Upon Kitchen Floor and Is
Drowned.
WABASH. Ind., Sept. 13.— Death
by drowning in buttermilk la the fate
which befell the fourteen-months-old
child of Mr. and Sirs. Adam Steele of
Larwill to-day. The mother had Just
finished churning and had emptied
the buttermilk into a large can placed
upon the kitchen floor. The child,
playing about, lost Its balance and
fell head downward Into the can and
was not observed until too late to res
cue it.
DOJTT WANT A UNION 1 .— A etrcoter baa
been Issued by the Stats I>deratlon of Labor
to the school teachers asidafc them to affiliate
with that body. So far Us* teachora hay*
Ignored th» maryeatlon. rrtiVj
Baltic Fleet Does Xot Go Far.
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— The Tagebatt's
St. Petersburg correspondent tele
graphs that the J departure of the
Baltic squadron has at the last mo
ment been deferred for several days,
apparently to await news from I the
Far East. ¦ The fleet will remain for
the present at Reya*l.
SALEM, Or., Sept. 13. — According
to the figures of State Labor Commis
sioner Hoff, the population of Oregon
is at present 470.024, against 413,52(5
in 1900, an Increase of 53,488. In
making the computation the Commis
sioner found that the number of chil
dren who are not attending school Is
increasing at an alarming rate.
Oregon's Population Increases.
CHINESE MAY' AID JAPAN.
Concentration of Yellow Troops
Causes Alarm in Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 13.— The
reports that Chinese troops are con
centrating In the valley of the Liao
River are causing considerable con
cern here. The Bourse Gazette be
lieves it is entirely probable that the
Chinese Government will formally
propose to undertake to guard and to
administer the territory- actually oc
cupied by the Japanese, adding:
*"To' this Japan doubtless will read
ily acquiesce, as it will relieve Japan
of guarding her lines of communica
tion. In other words, regular Chinese
troops will become, auxiliaries to the
Japanese, and the Japanese array, thus
relieved of the necessity of, protecting
its lines, stores and land transport,
will set free all the strength of the
Japanese forces to operate against
Russia. China thus would become ac
tually the ally, of Japan. If the re
ports are confirmed not only Russia,
but other powers, must intervene to
show China what the limits of 'neu
trality* mean." ; •
Several Bodies Urged to* Adopt Es
sentially Uniform Laws for
Their Government.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— The execu
tive councH of the American Federation
of Labor to-day decided to recommend
to the San Francisco convention of the
federation that several labor unions of
the different cities "¦; adopt essentially
uniform laws for their government. It
was decided that any central body de
nying the right of any affiliated local
body to representation shall have its
charter revoked.
. Organizations in dispute with each
other were ordered to meet President
Gompers either at San Francisco dur
ing the convention or in this city with
a view to the adjustment of differences*
It was reported that the International
Association of Metal Mechanics and
the International Association of Ma
chinist had agreed to terms of amal
gamation..
HAYS LOOKING FOR
*# RAILROAD TERMINUS
President of the Grand Trunk Pacific
Makes Inspection of Coast In
,.:;:>; Search of Site.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 13.— The
Grand Trunk Pacific terminus site will
not be settled definitely for some time,
but it is certain that the northern
road-; will have feeders extending far
ther north and to Southern Colum
bia. So said President Charles
M.- Hays of the Grand Trunk Pacific
to The Call correspondent to-day.
Hays, accompanied by prominent of
ficials of the railway, returned this
morning from a tour of the northern
coast so far as Port Simpson. Their
steamer called In at all. principal in
lets, and Hays says much valuable in
formation . has been obtaihed as to
possible harbors.
A' strong effort is being made by
Victorians to secure for this city a ter
minus of the southern branch railway
and a deputation waited on Hay3 to
day' to impress upon him the many
advantages of the place. Hays ad
mitted the strength of the claims, but
did not, commit himself. Construction
of,; the new road from the east is to
commence almost immediately.
TRYING TO REGULATE
. TRAFFIC IX LIQUOR
Napa County Supervisors Will Be
» Urged to : Adopt Rigorous
License La\vs. .
NAPA, Sept. 13.— This morning
fifty, members of the Temperance
Federation appeared' before the Board
of .'Supervisors and presented a pe
tition and' a proposed 'new ordinance.
It; provides that petitions of men for
saloon I licenses shall be signed by at
least, six 'out of ten freeholders re
siding nearest' to the proposed sa
loon.-.The license may be revoked
and *the saloon-keeper/ punished for
misdemeanor if place Is not kept In
an 'orderly and lawful : manner. - ¦
¦ The t board : Is disposed to take . fa
vorable on the proposed ; ordi
nance. ."At present there are practi
cally' no ; restrictions on ' saloons In
outside towns. .;
LIXEMAX ELOPES WITH
I. ¦ ~ FIFTEEX- YEAR-OLD CHILD
Los; Angeles Man Heartlessly Deserts
-.Wife and Babes and Runs Away
, : - With Girl.
{; LOS ANGELES. Sept. 13.— Peace
officers bf-'every. city , in .the ; State, par
ticularly those of- San Francisco, have
beenreauested to look out for. and ar
rest Augustus Wolfe, aged 30, a tele
phone "lineman.' .If found he wili;be
accompanied ',- by; Elizabeth ; Davis, a
1 5-year-old^ girl," very : pretty.' V*
VWolfe'andthegirli left 'this city to
gether* Sunday.".: One distressing • fea
ture -of "the? affair is. : the /"fact that
(Wolfe : deserted a ¦ wife and , . three
children.'/ The youngest, Ja, babe in
arms, r . : is ,'dying of Jbrain fever.
- CARMEN'S , JIXKS— The ! Jlnk» of the Car
men's illnlon" at; their; headquarters on: O'Far
rell' street ; last :• night : proved ' a ' successful • af
fair and wu aitsndad. hr a laree crowd.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 13.— Three men, old
employes of the Southern Paciflo Com
pany, hav© lost their positions as a re
mit of the terrible wreck at Laughtons
yesterday.
They are Engineers Isoard and Boyd
and Conductor Laforge. The men were
In charge cf the westbound passenger
train, and the company holds that they
are responsible for the dreadful acci
dent. In which twenty-flve persons were
Injured and two killed.
The property loss Is now conserva
tively placed at 5250.000. The four en
gines are entirely wrecked. The debris
Is now piled at the side of the track
near the scene of the wreck. Though
traSlc Is open. It will be several days
bffore the wreckage is entirely cleared.
To-morrow Coroner Updyke will hold
an inquest over the remains of Fire
man Hicks and H. L. Davies, the two
victims. The blame will then be of
ficially placed. Several of the injured
are being treated In Reno. Not one Is
In a serious condition, and all will be
«.ble to continue home in a few days.
EpecUl XXcpttcfc to The Call.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
On September 6 three large merchant
men were sighted in Louisa Bay, and
many wagon trains were noticed mov
ing to and from the bay. On the night
of September 7 the sea front port lights
revealed three Japanese torpedo-boatsv
maneuvering close to the forts.
The Novi Krai remarks upon the
great energy of the Japanese, who con
tinue the work of strengthening their
forts near Rlhlungshan night and day.
On September 6 some Russian scouts
stealthily approached the Japanese
lines and kidnaped five Japanese sen
tinels. Later they Inadvertently ran
into some wires hung with bells, which
the Japanese had strung up in order to
sound an alarm. When the bells began
ringing the Russians charged forward,
firing the while. A Japanese detach
ment in. a trench returned the fire wild
ly for a moment and then retreated.
The Russians gained the trench and
found forty-six Japanese dead there.
Two Junks arrived here to-day from
Port Arthur. One contained villagers
from Polantsu, which has been de
stroyed, and the other brought 187 Chi
nese deported by the Russian authori
ties. They reported that a junk carry
ing three Russian officers had been
captured by the Japanese and taken
Into Port Dalny.
The villagers of Polantsu complain
that It is the practice of the Russians
to commandeer everything obtainable
In the way of eatables. They say the
soldiers often entered their houses and
took meals which had just been cooked
for themselves.
It is reported that the Russians are
having difficulty with the powder they
manufacture at Port Arthur. A shell
fired from Golden Hill recently failed
to carry the proper distance and
dropped among .some Russian troops,
killing four of them.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
CHEFU. Sept. 13.— Port Arthur's
semi-official journal, the Novi Krai, of
date September 8 announces thai Gen
eral Stoessel, commander of the fort
ress, has received, a telegram of con
gratulation from General Kuropatkin.
Early on the morning of September 8 a
thanksgiving service was held in the
barracks of the Tenth Regiment on ac
count of the Czar having issued the
order that each month spent by the
troops In Port Arthur should count as
a year's service.
Operations are at present confined on
both sides to reconnoissances. All along
the line there are occasional encounters
between small detachments. The Novi
Krai gives many details of this desul
tory lighting, showing that the Rus
sians are In the habit of making recon
noissances that at times penetrate well
within the lines of the Japanese out
posts. These expeditions have devel
oped the information that the Japanese
are constructing elaborate earthworks,
particularly at the east center of the
defense line.
Russian Disasters in the Far East Due to the Stubborn Blunder
1 T^ CT \r 1 /* & l*fW T Ix I O \^ 1 off
Firemen and Police Make
Brave Rescues at Fire Said
to Be Work of Incendiary
Coroner Will Hold Inquest
to Determine Responsibil
ity for the Loss of Life
SEVEN PEBSONS KILLED
ENGINES A TOTAL LOSS
Powder Manufactured by
Russians Proves to Be
Burning of New York Tene
ment Accompanied by Dis
play of Man's Selfishness
Portion of Japan's Territorial
Army Will Be Called to
the Colors. -
Elaborate Earthworks Btfing
Constructed in Front of
Port Arthur.
Southern Pacific Dismisses
the Employes Responsible
for the Wreck in Nevada
TRAINMEN LOSE
THEIR PLACES
FIGHT FOR LIFE
IN THE FLAMES
MORE MEN
TO BE SENT
BY MIKADO
BESIEGERS
PREPARING
TO ATTACK
THE' SAN FRANC1SGO-CALLV -WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, ,1904.
AMMUNITION AT PORT ARTHUR IS ALMOST EXHAUSTED AND GARRISON MUST YIELD
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 13. — The whole secret of the paralysis that, has apparently stricken the
opposing forces between Ycntal ami Mukden >lies simply in the .fact that rain makes action quite impossi
ble. The roads arc morasses ami the. retreat of the Russian troons is being made at snail's pace. The Jap
anese, who started in pursuit, gave up the task as totally impossible.
Meanwhile interest here is once more turning from the north to the south." Port Arthur again
monopolizes anxious attention. It ! is fully believed ; that a crisis Is imminent there, owing to the approach
ing failure of the ammunition supply. The smokeless powder has ''.entirely given out.
.1 am told that Japanese engineers arc changing the gauge of the railway as fast as it is captured,
but in such a way as to prevent the 'Russians using it later on. One rail-is left, while 'the other .is so
modified that it will bear the lighter type of narrow gauge Japanese, rolling stock, but be useless for the
heavier Russian locomotives and cars. <
The hostile attitude of the Chinese troops Is looked upon as a highly serious feature of the situation.
.Special Cablegram to The Call and the Xcw York Herald. CopyrighteJ, 1904; by the New York Herald Pub
lishing Company. :
STOESSEL'S DEFENSE OF STRONGHOLD NEARS THE END.
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ins and developing at lowest prices.
Sanborn, ¦ Vail & Cc ; 7 41: Market sL > ..• » /
3
FREE .— — - FREE — — FREE
STERILIZEb.SAinr. *
Two ¦'' Packages ot
LJBSLIE -, STERILIZED , > SAM",
Made In California ' and subject-
ed to t he most searching i meth-
ods ?. of, scientific manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
i&t. >: : ¦ ;¦ ¦ ¦¦;, '::¦... -¦•¦
A two-pound package for the
table. : '[ . :
. A two-pound package for the
bath. « :
Chemically; pure and ; every
package sterilized.
-i FREE ITO WANT AD.
PATRONS OF IfEXT
SUNDAY'S iCAIiIJ.-< ' •
See announcement on : Classified .
Pa^e. „ ..',-. ¦•;--.
Knights M
Teinplar |f;:
With any purchase we will give free a
beautiful photograph ,of the Knights Templar
street decorations or illuminations.
The views comprise daylight and night
pictures of the principal places of interest — the
Gourts of Honor, Union Square, Market street,
Welcome sign, etc.
These ; photos are selling about town for
fifty cents each. You get one free in our store,
regardless oPthe amount of your purchase.
If;you want anything in men's or boys' suits,
overcoats, Cravenette rain coats, furnishing goods
or hats, you can buy here at- the lowest possible
price 'for which reliable goods can be sold.
¦ $-n-Wqop $ fo-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I tt\f& e!l kinds of bl«od reinedieg •which f»U»d
to <io ce«Rrgood bnt I have lotrnd the richt thine
at last. My face was foil of pimpiet and black.
t-» : • . Aft<rr taking Casrarets they all left. I em
eoatinninc th« us« of th»m and recommending
•h»m f> my friends. I feel fine when I rise <n the
tr'-r • .!. j.-. Hope to have a chance to recommend
Ca»caret#."
Fred C. Witten. 76 Elm St.. Newark. N. J.
f-j n Air Th** Piowp!<t
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant. PaUtahle, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
J<e^er J=i*V"n. Weaken or Gripe. 10c, Se. 68c. Never
fold in b-i «. The genuine tablet (tamped CCC.
Guaranteed to csre or yonr money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 595
ANHUALSALE. TEH MILLION BOXES
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INV1GORA-
• tor ard N»rvine.
Th* most wonderful aphrodisiac aad Spedai
Tonic for th* Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The ATexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kiin*vi «r<J KladdT. Sells en It* own merits.
KABER. AL.FS & BRUXE. Agents.
3TS Market nt.. S. F.— (Send for Clrculara.)
/F& P- r 5 PI P% Outfits, Gun«, Ammuni.
D * CS vi fc-ic *i S tlcn - Ffrhm* « n< l Outing
I* nVL ftlJrlf C^ Goods. Tents ard run* to
r H£"K*{iHn£ Rent. CATAJjOO FltEE.
Vi btVifl i-hlilTVE & liARBER CO..
T3& Market St..
S21 Kearny st.. S. T.
W. X. HESS,
SoUtt Pnfclic aad Attorn ey-*t-I*w.
Teeth Fivor, Rocm 1015, Claua £preckeis bid*.
Telephone Mais as:;.
netid^nct. 1SC2 McAUlrter «?_
Residence Telephone Face S$tl.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FEEEE AID SALT MEATS.
H* FiOYFS £ ffl Eblpplaff Butchers, 103
t'A*.. CU1E3 0. tV. clay. TeL Main 129i.
OILS. ~~
LUBniCATIA-G OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS
«I8 Front St.. g. F. Phone Main 1713.
TKUSTUSO.
F f KFTrHFC ¦ printer.
CUE t UUC* tu Sanscnw «C. S. V.CITIZEN OF GOLDEN GATE AND HIS DIVORCED WIFE WHOM HE ACCUSES
OF HAVING SET FIRE TO HIS HOME AND THE COTTAGE THAT WAS
SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION BY FIREMEN.
The woman then started to run
toward Lorin. That was the last seen
of her.
Three fires had been started in dif
ferent places in the dwelling. In the
basement a pile of inflammable rub
bish had been saturated with oil. jg It
was burning briskly when the firemen
broke into the house. In the dining
room half a dozen chairs, a table and
some smaller pieces of furniture, heap
ed in the center of the apartment.
OAKLAND, Sept 13.— In an evident
ly insane attempt to. wreak vengeance
upon .Eric -Thompson, her divorced
husband, Mrs. Christina . Thompson
broke Into the little cottage at 1213
Haspell street, Golden Gate, at 10
o'clock this morning and set fire to the
house in three places. The residence
until her separation from her huband.
two and a half years ago, had been her
home.
* Thompson, a carpenter, was away
at work in Berkeley. The only child,
Kmil, aged 10 years, was at school.
Mrs. Thompson had full swing in her
apparently crazy attempt at incen
diarism. Had it not been for the dis
covery of the fires by neighbors the
home would have been destroyed.
Mrs. E. Stone, who resides next door,
saw smoke pouring from the cottage.
She ran to George Blomberg's grocery
at 3012 San Pablo avenue, a block dis
tant.' and gave the alarm.
Blomberg rushed to the dwelling and
was astounded" to see Mrs. Thompson
standing -in the dining-room near a
pile of blazing furniture, holding in
one hand a bottle of kerosene oil and
in the other what Blomberg thought
was a pistol.
An engine drove by the house to a
fire hydrant a hundred feet distant.
Mrs. Thompson ran out of the house
screaming in a maniacal , way: "Don't
put out the fire. Let it burn!"
Satisfied. that the woman is dement
ed, Thompson lias decided to Institute
a search for her, fearing that she
might attempt to harm him or the boy
who has lived with him since his sep
aration from his wife.
j Mrs. Thompson had a key to one of
the doors. There was no force used in
entering the dwelling except by the
firemen.
had been, sprinkled with kerosene and
set afire.., The third fire was found, in
a back bedroom. under a sofa;
If was the work' of a. few minutes to~
pitch the burning furniture into the
street and to check the spread of the
fire.- Afterward Fire Warden George
McDonald took charge of the premises
and reported the case to the Berkeley
police, the house being just within the
college town limits.* McDonald made
an" investigation-and procured state
ments from Blomberg and a numb.er
of the Thompson neighbors who had 1
seen the woman at the house. Blom
berg told the authorities that he had
no doubt Mrs. Thompson was insane.
She acted like a maniac.
Thompson and his son have been in
dread of the woman for a long time.
Two of her children died three years
ago. It was said they had been pois
oned by eating canned fruit that had
spoiled. Because, of her actions
Thompson procured. a divorce from his
wife shortly afterward. Mrs. Thomp
son went to San Francisco and had
been living . on Bernal Heights. The
husband believes that she 1 was respon
sible for. an attempt that was made to
burn the house about a year ago.
Shortly before this morning's fire
Mrs. Thompson tried to buy coal oil at
D. K. Truelson's grocery at Golden
Gate, but she was not successful, as
her queer actions aroused suspicion.
The authorities have not learned
where the bottle of kerosene was pro
cured. ¦
IS VERY VIOLEN-T.-OAKLAND. Sept 13
William Mayer, who was taken Into custody
on board the ferry-boat Piedmont last even
inc. after attempting to gain the .wheel from
the plJot, has become so violent that his ex
amination, which was set for to-morrow will
tak« place at th« hospital. H<? is strong and
hard to manage, and !t Is feared would make
too much lieturbance If taken Into th« court
room. Judge Mrivin will bold his examination
in the man's cell.
JUDGE DISCIES WRIT. — OAKLAND Sept
12. — Tlihe temporary writ of Injunction' asked
for by Leonard Vinee against the rarbaxe
crematory was denied by Judge Ellsworth this
morning, and he has «et the hearing of the
petition Jcr a permanent Injunction for Beptem.
ber 21.
BAPTIST RECEPTION*. — OAKLAND, Sept.
13. — The Baptist Ministerial Union h*ld a re
ception at the First Baptist Church this even-
Ins la honor of th« Rev. C. H. Hobart, former
pastor of the church, who is now In charge of
the First Baptist Church of Pasadena.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13. — Charged
With brutally beating and kicking his
wife. Hattie M. Pritchard, Owen R.
Pritchard, a blacksmith, living at
Eleventh and Clay streets, was ar
rested to-day by Detectives Quigley
and Holland after Mrs. Pritchard
had fled terror-stricken to the police
for help. "With a baby three months
old to care for. the frail woman de
clares she was so severely treated
that she was compelled to go to bed.
Police Judge Smith fixed bail at 51000
because of the aggravated na
ture of the case as presented to him.
Pritchard's trial was set for Septem
ber 27.
Says Husband Beat Her.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Gustave
David, 26. and Leonora Stiles, 35,
both of San Francisco: William W.
Giddings, 30, Xewman, and Julia V.
Johnson, 24, Oakland; Leon de Blai
ean. 26. and Helen M. Dausua. 20,
both of Oakland; Roy Owens, 27,
Chicago, and Violet Ferguson, 22,
Honolulu; Benedict Wilson, over 21,
and Nellie Angus, over 18, both of
Saa Francisco; Robert de Lancy, 27,
San Francisco, and Daisy P. Smith,
IS. Alameda; Frederick C. Rhoades,
over 21. Seattle, and Pauline M. El
lean, over 18, Los Angeles.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13. — Surveyor's
dukes driven across a portion of the
northeast corner of Lake Merritt on
land that has been uncovered bv re
ceding of the lake waters have been
discovered by City Engineer F. C.
Turner. That official sees possibili
ties of an attempt to "jump" six or
seven acres of the lake. Investigation
has been commenced to learn by
whom and for what purpose the
stakes have been set. There is a con
troversy between the city and prop
erty owners abutting on the northeast
arm cf the lake as to the correct
boundary lines. City Engineer Tur
ner suspects that the stakes repre
sent a move to claim some of the
lands that have been in dispute. Some
of this new land was submerged until
the dredging debris working back
from the lake waters filled above the
eurface of the lake waters.
City Engineer Turner Investigates
Setting of Boundary . Lines on
Disputed Lake Merfitt Fill.
SURVEYOR'S STAKES *
AROUSE SUSPICION
"I yield to no one in my loyalty to
our public schools, but I believe that
economy can be practiced In the School
Departmenet as well as in any other
municipal department. It is easy to
contract an indebtedness and leave ft
to posterity to pay, but it is frequently
that the debts fall due before posterity
has an opportunity."
ALAMEDA. Sept. 18.— Under the dl
tection of the Board of Education a
campaign is being waged to induce the
City Trustees to allow the public
schools the apportionment asked for
out of the coxninsr tax levy, $43,000,
while the employes of the police, fire,
Btreet and electrio light departments
of the municipality are bringing every
influence to bear to persuade the City
Trustees to increase their salaries. The
tax rate is to be fixed on the first Mon
day of October.
Considerable opposition has devel
oped against raising the pay of mu
nicipal employes and there are also
many property owners who believe that
the Board of Education is asking for
an exorbitant apportionment out of the
funds to be raised by taxation. The
persons who believe that the School
Department can be conducted more
economically are City Trustees Dr.
Henry M. Pond and ¦William M. Bowers
and they have not hesitated in putting
themselves on record. Dr. Pond re
cently stated that he believed that
more teachers were employed than
were required and that the classes were
too small. He also expressed himself
as being opposed to the teaching of
manual training and cooking in the
public schools.
In explaining his position City Trus
tee Bowers said to-night:
Municipal Legislators Do
Not Hesitate to Express
Views on the Situation
SCHOOLS DEMAND MONEY
Cause Them Much Worry
City Trustees of Alameda
Confront Problems That
DISCUSS TAXES
AND SALARIES
: t. LEXINGTON, Ky., - Sept : -1 3.— For
the first time .in the' history of KenJ
tucky/a"'negroi.woman-.:has been'ad
mitted . as -a member, of 1 the bar^and
licensed to practice 'rlaw/ in thisfeoun
try.' ' She was examined 1 to-day 'before
the Circuit Court andi passed.; , She 5 Is
jMrs. : S. J. S. ; Wite of LrOuisyiUe. ; v ... '
Negress Is Admitted as a Bf ember., of
. Bar of ; the Blue Grass
KENTUCKY NOW BOASTS
OF A COLORED PORTIA
; SANTA ROSA, Sept. ; 13.— At a spe
cial election here to-day to pass on the
new charter a light vote was cast. The
charter was adopted by a vote of 327
to 121. • •;
The Board of Equalizers fixed the
city tax rate at $1 25, the same as last
year.- . ,' ¦¦';:,¦'¦ ¦ ¦ - - . ¦¦ ¦ . -\ • • ¦¦, ¦. ¦¦
Santa Rosa Votes New Charter.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 13. — Mrs. Belle
Dugan caused a sensation on Santa
Clara street, near Second, this after
noon by telling Policeman O'Malley
that Dr. J. A. McMahon, one of the
most prominent physicians and sur
geons in the city, had been shot and
killed. She said that a Miss: Annie
Fox had committed the deed. While
the officer was telephoning the report
to headquarters the woman hurried
away and could not be found.
The entire police force then joined
in a search fo Dr. McMahon, who was
found in his office. He had not- been
shot and denied all knowledge .of any
shooting. / • ¦¦."¦..¦ : "v^ ;~f
Miss Fox has been friendly with Dr.
McMahon for a number of years and
recently they quarreled ; over .;. some,
property matters. In investigating the
matter to-day it developed that last
Sunday morning '. there was . a row at
the McMahon Hospital and in -the
altercation Miss Fox fired 1 a shot at
either Dr. McMahon or his son.. The
bullet went wide of r its mark and no
one was injured. Immediately after
the shooting at - the hospital • Dr." Mc-
Mahon went to San Francisco and only,
returned* -to-day. There/ is - a rumor,
around town"; that Miss ;Fox has
threatened" the life of Dr.' McMahon.
Rumor That San Jose Physician Is
Killed Starts a Flurry In
*['-,. Police Department.
Mexican Court Order Extraditing
Former Appraiser Is Approved
by the Government.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept. 13.— The
Mexican State Department certified to
the United States District Attorney
here that the court order, extraditing
Vance Fulkerson had been approved.
\ Fulkerson, while inspector and ap
praiser in the United States customs
service here, embezzled funds and a
Grand Jury returned indictments r in
forty counts against him. He left at
once ror Mexico, where he was ar
rested. He will no-v be returned -to
El Paso for trial.
STORY OF SHOOTING
CAUSES A SENSATION
CROOKED OFFICIAL. MUST
¦RETURN FOK HIS TRLALt
ACCUSED EMBEZZLER CAPTXTREOX— Del
tectlve Ross Whitaker arrived from Columbus,
Ohio, last night with W. Rulslnger. who Is ac
cused of felony embezzlement. Rulslnger wu
employed as '*>• cashier and collector, for" Ra«--.
dleger & Loesch. .w«o conduct* bakery at 111
Larkin street. His employers accuse him of
having stolen $1500 'from them several months
ago. ¦ The ( police authorities at • Columbus ar
rested him on the .information. received from
the local authorities. Whitaker was sent East
with the necessary papers. , - ,.
WOMAN TAKES OWN IJFBJ.— Despondent
because she was about to be. dismissed by her
employer. Mary Burke, an elderly woman, took
her life last night by swallowing carbolic acid.
The dead woman was employed as a house
keeper by Charles' McCarthy. ¦ who lives at 23
Cnesley street. McCarthy notified, her that be
was going to dispose of her services to-day.
Frank Hall entered the McCarthy house and
found the woman on a lonnge, with, an empty
bottle beside n«r. Life was extinct. . Th» body
was removed to' tJ»« Moncne.
OFFICERS ELECTED. — Th« Amerteaa Fed
eration of Labor elected officers last nlsht as
follows: President, Michael Glyna; vie* presi
dent, John Slattery; secretary. J. T. Leary;
traesurer, Thomas McGrath; delegate to Labor
Council. John Magae; trustees — Junes Gilt
Robert Kelly. Frank Murphy and J. N'atelsky.
STOLE WATCH FROM A JAP.— Tnomas
O'Connor Is accused of having- stolen a watcrt
from a Japanese named Tony Wan&ker* Tb«
JapanNe nays that while- ha was cleaning- m. sa
loon at Front and Market .streets ha laid his
watch in a heap of towels, and that O'Connor
saw nlm put it there. Detectrvec McGowan
and Conlan arrested O'Connor and found ta»
watch on him.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
BERKELEY. Sept. 13.— Miss , Florence
Hatch was tendered a Hnen shower by her
friends last Saturday afternoon at the home
of Miss Edyth Busser on Monoa avenue, the
affair being in anticipation of Miss Hatch's
approaching marriage to Ralph B. Clapp of
Los Anzeles. The linen presents were all
valuable and the manner of their presentation
unique. All '.of the articles, together with
lines of original poetry from each guest, were
placed in old shoes and these were thrown
through a hoop held by Miss, Hatch, who was
blindfolded. The guests were Miss Marie Met
calf. Miss Mlnta Cox, Miss Busser, Miss Ruth
Seeley, Miss Rose Hizar. Miss Edythe Schultz
Miss Ida Remington. Miss Zeta Bailey, Miss
Bessie Conklln. Miss Daisy Greenfield, Miss
Mamie Rltt*nhouse, Miss Lnverne Marshall,
Miss. Alma Busser and Mrs. Ralph Haskins.
a delegation from Ohio being present. Among
the visitors were: Mrs. Frances Horton; Phil
adelphia; Miss Helen Wright. Mrs. George
Toy, San Francisco; Mrs. Bostwick. Kbell. L03
Angeles; .Mrs. .Langley, California Club; Mrs.
H. Millmann, Mrs. Sinclair, Mrs.. Thompson,
Stockton: Mrs. J. Russell Johnston, Mrs.
Johnston, Mrs. William Bates; Mrs. O'Dono
?hie, Dayton, Ohio; Miss Mabel Cunn, San
Francisco; Miss Caskle, Dayton, Ohio; Mrs.
Dr. Tully. Stackton; Miss Loring. Ohio; Miss
Rafferty, New Jersey: Miss E. C. Fennessy,
Berkeley; Mrs. Cornell. Oakland; Mrs. D.. H.
Mathews, Miss Graham, Pittsburg; Mrs. G.
D. Torrev, Mrs. Chase Brown, . Mrs. William
Barbour, Mrs- Porter. Salinas: Mrs. G. Fred
Bush, Honolulu; Mrs. Wallace Briggs, .San
Francisco; Mrs. D. B. Lyon, Red Bluff;, Mrs.
John Scott. Honolulu: Mrs. F. F. Barbour.
Mrs. Frank Roller. Mrs. Easterbrook. Miss
Belle Nicholson; Mrs. John Harrison. San.
Mateo; Mrs. D. A. Proctor. Mrs. A. A. Long;
Mr« McFarland, Eureka: Miss Williams: Mrs.
Murcell, Sacramento: Mrs. Berlin, Mrs. F. M.
Heath, Mrs. L. A. Harrold; Miss Walker, Salt
Lake- Miss Myrtle Saxe, Mrs. Hunt. Mrs. Dol
lar, Miss Marsh. Mrs. W. E. Besk. Mrs. W. M.
Hearst- Mrs. Rogers. San Francisco; Mrs. M.
Brown, Alaska; Miss Levison. Vlsalia; Mrs. A.
O Davis,, Mrs. Lawson. Mrs. Robert Wal
lace: Mrs. Mary Daniels. Ojat Valley; Mrs.
B H. .Langley. Berkeley.
Divine Receives Charge of Shot in
Side and Opponent Is Seriously
Wounded. <"
COLUMBUS, Miss.; Sept. IS.— In a
duel with shotguns about eight miles
from here to-day Rev. E. M. Youngr
hanse, aged 40 years, shot John Harris,
38 years of age, in the stomach, and the
life of the latter Is despaired of. Rev.
Mr. Younghanse received a charge of
shot in his side, but is not seriously
injured.
The cause of the shooting la tto
known. Both men are widely knoron.
Rev. Mr. Younghanse is detained • in
jail in this city. »<._-; •
MINISTER AXD LAYMAX !
FIGHT DUEL WITH GHJX3
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm. from Bremen; • stmr • Grosser
Kurf urst, I from . Bremen ; stmr Finland, from
Antwerp; stmr Mesaba. frcrm London. - • ¦
Sailed 8ept 13— Stmr Ryndam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, for Bremen, via Plymouth -and Cher
bourg; ftmr Slavonia. for Naples and Trieste
and Flume; stmr Victorian, for Liverpool.
GENOA — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Lbnjbardia,
from New York.
LONDON — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Ontarian,.
from Montreal.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 11 — Stmr Minne
sota from London, for Philadelphia.
ANTWERP — Arrived Sept 11 — Stmr Mon
trose, from Montreal and Quebec, via. Lon
don. Sept 12 — Stmr Montreal, from Montreal,
via London .
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Athenia.
from Montreal, via Liverpool. .
PALERMO— Arrived ¦ Sept 13 — Stmr Syralan
Prince from New York, via St. Michaels.
CHRISTIANIA— Arrived Eept 10— Stmr
Hekla, from New York, for Copenhagen and
Stettin.
BREMEN — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
CHRISTIANSAND— Sailed Sept »— Stmr
UniWd States, from Copenhagen and Chri»
tiania, for New . York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Sept 13 — Stmr Ivernia,
for Boston vio Queenstown.
DOVER — Arrived S*pt 13 — Stmr Graf Wal
dersee. from New . York, for Hamburg., and
proceeded.
MOVILLE — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Anchoria,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
LOS ANGEIJES, Sept. 13.— Miss Eda
Goff.'just 16 years old, who in ftve- years
will come 'into an Inheritance ,6f $.45:600
left her by her grandmother, stnd'"W. L.
Bowers, a promising young • attorney,
are/missing, and' their relatives and
friends doubt not that ere this they
have been married. The elopement oc
curred this afternoon almost under the
eyes' of the young woman's mother.
The couple had been lovers for more
than a year and it was known that
they intended to marry. The only ob
jection Miss Goff's parents had was her
youth. They promised her if she would
go to college she could marry as soon
as she graduated. ":'""'/ *.: v ; v"':
Grow Tired of Waiting for Weddins
Day and Elope From Los
Anseles.
ATTORNEY AND HETRESvS
WOULD NOT BROOK. DELAY
BALTIMORE, lid., Sept. 13. — The
opening business session of the fifth
national convention of the Fraternal
Order of Eagles convened to-day at
2:15 o'clock. Aside from the meet
ings of the Grand Aerie throughout
the week and the grand parade to
morrow the week will be spent in fes
tivity by the visiting members of the
order.
Eagles' Convention Is Opened.
- ; A*; numbers of ladles, . from other, clubs - and
from ; afar, J were * guests at . the . luncheon," quits
It was well for Ebell's clubroom capacity,
to-day, that so many members are away,
visiting In St/ Louis and other places, for the
cozy auditorium was crowded as it was. The
occasion was the, first luncheon of the season
and the, reunion after . the long vacation was
a pleasant one.
Mrs. J. B. Hume presided for the first ! time
since her re-election and In her greeting to
the club paid a pretty tribute to Mrs. C. W.
Kinsey, who aa vice president supervised club
affairs during the unsettled period between
Mrs Hume's resignation and re-election. She
said' that Mrs. Kinsey had taken up the reins
of government at a crucial moment and too
much could not be said in praise of the splen
did manner . In which she had performed the
duties of an office that she. had been so sud
denly called upon to fill. Mrs. Kinsey*s gra
cious manner and . kindly personality have
won for her a, host of friends,- who .warmly
applauded - the - sentiments / expressed , by Mrs.
Hume to-day. ' ' -"-* . "- - ' ¦ . .
Mra ¦ John Bakewell, . who ' has ¦ Just returned
from St. ' Louis, ¦> where ? she , acted , as . Ebell'a
delegate to the biennial convention of women's
clubs, read • an Interesting ' report of her visit.'
"Mrs. Jane 'Sinclair, a well-known club woman
and a visitor In Oakland. . also read a paper,
her - topic - being the - Tjrogress "• of ' women > and
the beneficial effect of suffrage. _ ,
; r The musical ¦ programme «. had " been arranged
by 'Mrs. Harry P. Carlton'and . was unusually
good, the ; following excellent . numbers being
enjoyed: '"'\- -/¦¦>'-¦ •¦. '¦¦ ; :.-' - '¦ . ' v "
Piano solo. Miss Edna Sldea. •*
(a> "The Loreley" .v. ...:.;. :Se«llng
(b) "Hungarian" ......;... '."...'.".... MacDowell
. . Songs, .Miss ! Mary Alverta ' Morse, '
Accompanied by Miss, Ruth Morse. V
(a) "There Is No Spring But You.:.;....' ,
....... 7. . v:'. ......... Mrs. • Rudolph Lehman
, (b) "May I>ay ..... . . : . . . . . Walthera
Violin solo, Mrs.". Arthur -GwynnV
'i Accompanied. by Mrs.' Louis T. Hengstler. .
(a) -."Romanza".^.': .V.W.';v;r.. .'.'. .". .Carl Bohm
(b) ."Hungarian Dance" • .:..... ... .-; ..Brahm*
Frequently Oakland's fair maids ond bloom
ing young matrons turn their attention from
the glistening froth of mere social pleasures,
and shoulder to shoulder, work heroically In
some excellent cause. The 24 th of September
will find many of the fairest buds of the smart
set following where duty leads and lending
their aid to the success of a church \ benefit.
Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard has given her
beautiful gardens for the occasion and the
ladles of Chaneel Chapter of St. Paul's Episco
pal Church will cenduct an al fresco bazaar
for the benefit of the church funds. . .
Numerous artistic booths will be erected in
the garden, which will be wired in and nominal
admission tecs of 115 and 10 cents will be
charged. There will be music, also a palmist
and a vaudeville performance, which last is
being planned under the direction of Mrs.
Newton Koser and Miss Sevilla Hayden.
Mrs. James G. Allen is general manager and
the various sub-committees are in charge as
follows: Fancy articles — Miss Florinne Brown
and Mrs. Andrew Mosely, assisted by * Misses
Ruth Kales Kcse Kales, Carolyn Oliver, Anita
Oliver, Bessie Coghill and Elsie 1 Schilling; tea
booth — Mrs. Arthur Crellin and Mrs. N. A.
Acker assisted by Mrs. William A. Barbour,
Mrs. Frederick Page Cutting. Mrs. Horry
Meek Mrs. Frederick Hathaway, Mrs. Charles
Walkerly Mrs. Vernon "Waldron. Miss Edith
Beck and Miss Bessie Fillmore; lemonade — Mrs.
James McClure. assisted by Miss Noelle de
Golla, Mrs. George Bornemann, Miss Lucretla
Burnham, Misses Alma and Adah Brown, Miss
Viva. Nicholson, MiS9 Jane Barry, Miss Irene
Bangs Miss Ruth Houghton. Miss Anne Mc-
Elrath and Miss Elsie Marwedel; candy — Mrs.
Harrison Clay, assisted by Mrs. George H.
Wht-at Mr*.' Edson' Adams, Mrs. Thomas Pra
ther M'l-s Ruth Knowles, Miss Alice Knowles,
Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Evelyn Hussey, Miss
Jessie Fox, Miss Letty Barry, Miss May Coo
gan Miss Edith Gaskill, Mrs. G. Minor Good
all, *Mra. Samuel B. Prattler and Miss Marie
and ' Margaret Butters; handkerchiefs — Miss
Mona Crellin. assisted by Miss Jean Clift. Miss
Ethel Crellin. Miss Emma Mahoney, Miss Al
berta Jones,' Miss Gertrude Allen, Miss Ritchie,
Miss Crissie Taft and Miss Vandergaw.
Mrs. Robert M. Fitzgerald, Miss Jane Cul
len Mrs. Arthur Harris. Mrs. Fred Allardt,
Miss Lottie Allardt and Miss Gertrude Allen
will preside at the gates. A grab-bas will be
conducted by Mrs. G. "W. Manuel, assisted by
Miss Hazel Palmanteer., Miss Hilda McKlratn,
Mrs. : Phoebe . McElrath . and Miss Evelyn
Adams.' > -
¦ Mrs. ¦ Walter Mackay has loaned a curious
Parisian novelty — a swimming • lady — and It
will ; be In charge of ' Misses Lillian Isaacs
and Gladys English. Mrs. Halstead will have
charge of the flower booth.
Dame Rumor ' W also ! exceedingly busy 1 with
two other well known names, and the social
set has been waiting impatiently for the T. M.
Smiths to return from New York, when their
daughter's engagement to a young attorney of
this city is expected to be announced. Inter
est has centered about these young people for
nome time. The young lady in question, al
though the heiress to great welath, is a very
charming, unassuming girl. Arthur Goodfel
low the other half of the secret which friends
can no longer keep, is a son of W. S. Good
fellow, the well known lawyer, and, it is said,
has inherited his father's abUity. At any rate,
he is much liked in both social and business
circles and in the contemplated, union with the
family of the "Borax King" he has the con
gratulations and good wishes of hosts of
friends. ,
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— Now that the knights
and the Native Sons have had- their innings
and society has fallen back on its old resource
of tea and gossip, the newest engaged girl
furnishes an always Interesting topic of con
versation. Then there are rumors, which. will
not down,' of other announcements soon to bt
made. Several Important "secrets" have been
told and retold until the little gloss of secrecy
has been worn off- and the Ill-concealed facts
shine through. It has leaked out that beauti
ful lone Fore will become a bride next month.
She is expected home this week from the south,
where eho has been visiting. The lucky man
Is said to be Eugene E. Hewlltt, a prominent
attorney of San Francisco, and Miss Fore's
girt friends, who have noted his untiring de
votion, have been almost tempted to envy. t "
Mist Fore Is the youngest and most beauti
ful of • the three charming daughters of Mr.
and Mrs.' Charles W. Fore. She la a tall,
slender girl of dashing appearance; - with an
exquisite profile. r She belongs to 'Oakland's 1
smart set and her marriage will equal In in
terest any that has ever occurred here.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
SECRETS ARE OUT
TUCSON. Ariz., Sept. 13. — Accord
ing to detailed advices from Gnay
mas. Captain Soberan and five of the
crew of the Navolato wer« swept into
the sea and drowned by the storm
which that boat encountered off the
west coast of Mexico last Saturday.
The General Mena and the Luella.
two steamships which left Topolo
bampo before the storm, have not
reached their destinations and are
supposed to have, been lost. Three
business houses at Topolobampo were
wrecked by the storm and nearly
every concern in that city suffered
some damage.
The plants of the Aguila Sugar
Company and the Sinaloa Sugar Com
pany were flooded and .partially
wrecked. Other cities In the State of
Sinaloa are coming to the rescue of
the unfortunate residents of Topolo
bampo, many of whom lost all in the
hurricane.
Hurricane Sweeps Coast of Mexico,
Causing Loss of Life and Dam
age to Property. .
DEATH AND DISASTER
IN WAKE OF STTOKM
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.i — Since the
return of E. H. Harriman from his
European trip reports have been cur
rent in Wall street that his health
had not been greatly benefited by his
holiday abroad. These .reports crys
tallized to-day into the definite state
ment that he was ill and they were
used by bearish traders as a factor in
depressing Union Pacific and South
ern Pacific stocks, properties in which
Harriman has dominant interests. The
fact that Harriman has left the city
for the Adirondacks gave some color
to the reports.
Friends of Harriman state, how
ever, that he has not been in robust
health since the operation for appen
dicitis, which he .underwent nearly
eighteen months ago.
Depress Southern and Union Pacific
Stocks on Learning: Magnate Was
Not Feeling Well.
BROKERS TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF UARRIMAN'S ILL HEALTH
In the act of giving the* lastfew strug
gles before she sank into the'eurrent of
the estuary, Mrs. Ellen Page, wife of the
first mate of the barkentine S. N. Castle,
lying- off Adams wharf, was rescued
Just in time to save her life. In clam
bering up the side of the ship she
slipped and fell. A boatman, who was
attracted by the woman struggling in
the water, hurried to her assistance.
A call was sent to the Receiving
Hospital, which was answered by Dr.
A. S. Kelly, who found the* patient
suffering from submersion and almost
dead. . Vigorous treatment had ' the
effect of bringing her back to con
sciousness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 13.
Deserted on her wedding day, Bessie
L. Edmester, a wife of a few months,
has begun suit for divorce against Wil
liam L. Edmester,. a laundry worker, on
the ground of extreme cruelty, and
asks for a sufficient allowance from his
Income to keep her from want. The pair
were married by Dr. E. R. Dille on the
1st of May last, and a few hours after
the ceremony was performed Edmester
told his bride that he had married her
"just for fun," and he then left her.
The plaintiff alleges that his behavior
has been cruel In the extreme; that he
has paraded by her with other women
on his arm, laughed at h«r, and on the
Fourth of July he* tried to make her
feel more keenly her humiliation by
acting affectionately in her presence
with a Sirs. Carr.
For abuse, failure to provide and in
temperance Sarah J. Brown has begun
an action of divorce against Samuel C.
E. Brown, a railroad painter. . She al
leges that he has sworn at her. and
drinks to such an extent that he is dis
qualified for work a great portion of
the time, and is unable by reason of his
drinking to furnish her with the neces
saries of life. They have one child, a
boy of 8 years, of -whom she also ask3
the custody.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 13.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 1». — Vic
toria pilots have made an Interesting
discovery In connection -with the
mirage that flutters almost dally over
the horizon off Cape Flattery, Captain
Cutler of the pilot tug Lome declar
ing It reliable as a herald of incoming:
shipping.
The Lone was at the cap* a day
or so ago on the lookout for new ar
rivals, when the faithful mirage de
picted a fun-rigged ship reversed,
seemingly deep laden. The Lorn©
made for the shimmerinff vision,
which appeared to be but about twenty
miles distant. She steamed for several
hours at full speed. By that time the
picture had faded away.
Captain Cutler was not satisfied to
confess himself beaten, and held his
course, with the result that the British
ship Falklandbank was picked up.
exactly' realizing in every minute der
tall the picture that had sent the tow
boat on her <juest.
Victoria Pilots Make Interesting Dis
covery That May Be Useful
to Shipping. ' {i- ";•¦
Sarah J. Brown Says She
Seeks Divorce From an
Intemperate Companion
Wife of the Mate of the
Vessel Dragged , From
the Water Just in Time
MIRAGE FORECASTS THE
COMING OF A VESSEL
HUSBAND TAUNTS HEE
HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
Mrs. Ellen Page Falls Into
Bay WHile She Is Trying to
Board the S. K Castle
Bessie L. Edmester Claims
That She Was Deserted
Upon Her Wedding Day
WOMEN DRIVEN
TO SEPARATION
BOATMAN SAVES
A WOMAN'S LIFE
PATS WALRATH BEQUESTS.— OAK
LAXD. Sept. IS. — Ap order for the. payment of
the legacies left by the late Margaret E. Wai.'
rath was made this morning by Judge, llelvin
after a fierce contest that failed to, .break the
will. According to a petition filed the- estate
Is valued at $17,215 81, and sufficient money la
on hand to pay the legacies, : amounting to
$15.40122. Distribution was ordered as fol
lows: To 'JuHge * John ¦ J. da Raven; $2055 27-
Allen D. dishing, $2953 27; Minnie : Roberts'
$482 fi5; Eliza L. French. 1 $402 55; Gertrude
French. $492 55; Sarah L. de Haven, $492 65;
Flossie °Correa,$4Q2 C5f Grace Ivirue, $492 55-
Sarah A. Maine. $402 65:- ¦ Flossto Maine!
$492 55; Jan« I* d« Haven; $985 08: rA^H!
Young, $417 26; -. Cyrus •, la.- Larue, $417 28- J.
3..&» Haven Jr.. $417 28; ' Margaret E. : Cain-
In*. $521 69;- Louisa I* Larue, $521 59.
OAKLAND, Sept — Mrs. "F.'J B,
Porter,' a wom^ barber, applied to
the police - to-d $£p for ,* permission to
carry a pistol. . She said her husband,
Charles Porter, • had reviled her on
the street and had' beaten "one F. Beal,
who had tried to protect her-.from her
spouse's wrath. The Porters'J domestic
disagreements have occupied much
attention in the Police Court - . .
Woman Wants to 'Carry Pistol.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— Frank A.
Leach, superintendent of the United
States Mint in San Francisco, met
with a painful injury, a few days ago
while on a fishing trip to Lake -Ta
hoe. He was trolling-, in a row-boat
and he slipped and fell to the. bot
tom of the boat, striking : his back
against the seat.
FRANK A. LEACH HURT
WHHiE OX FISHING TRIP
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— The annual
reports of the officers " of ' the Asso
ciated Charities of Alameda County,
which were submitted to the directors
of the association at the annual meet
ing last night, show that a large
amount of business has been transact
ed by the organization during the last
twelve months, all of which has been
satisfactorily disposed of. More than
1500 cases of various kinds have been
brought to the attention of the As
sociated Charities for Investigation,
and relief has been afforded. in every
instance where the applicant has. been
found worthy. The report of Presi
dent B. H. Pendleton deals fully with
the general work of the association.
Many cases of the worthy have been
helped and the reports of all officers
show that matters are highly satis
factory.
Society Indicates That Results
Are Valuable.
Annual Report of Alameda County
OVERBAY CHARITIES
DO THOROUGH .WORK
The university meeting Friday morning In
Harmon Gymnasium will be addressed by
William Kent of Chicago and Professor
Thomas R. Bacon, who has lately returned to
the university after a year's trip abroad.
BERKELEY, Sept. 13. — The students In the
Greek department are becoming: more and
more ' interested In the presentation of the
"Ajax" of Sophocles as the time approaches
for its final staging. Assignments of the
speaking parts have already been made .and
the lines are being rehearsed daily under the
direction of Miss Mabel Barrows of New York.
While the burden of committing the lines
resis with the nine principals the most char
acteristic feature of a Greek tragedy Is the
chorus. In the "AJaJc" the chorus is made up
of fifteen sailors and warriors, companions of
Ajax, who had followed him from Troy to
Salamls. They are intimately concerned with
the action of the play and reflect the emotion
of the actor. Without a well trained and
sympathetic chorus a Greek tragedy is im
possible, however good the other characters
may be. It is for this reason that Miss Bar
rows has been cautious in her selection of the
people to take these singing parts.
Professor Samuel Fortler of the Irrigation
department of the College of Agriculture has
received the appointment of overseer for the
permanent improvement of the Turlock canal.
l°he board of directors for the canal has re
tained Professor Fortier to prepare plans for
the improvements, which will consist of the
introduction of Inverted syphons, lines of steel
pipe, the construction of the concrete wall for
Frake .ravine and other Improvements that
will cost 5200,000.
The Winged Helmet Honor Society has In
itiated the following members of the class of
•06: T. N. Baker. H, W. Bingham, J. J. A.
Bites. I* D. Bohnett.."W. H. Boyntop, B. R.
Chaplin, A. J. Coogan..'W. R. de Leon, L. A.
Frei, P. N. Gray, Jackson Gregory and II. X*
Stoddard.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The campaign for the bonds will
close with a big parade on the evening
of September 26, the night before the
bond election. . V ' "
The Civic Educational" League of
Oakland will hold a bond rally on
Wednesday evening, September 21, at
department 2 of the Police Court. The
speakers for this meeting have not yet
been assigned. On the same evening a
meeting to discuss the proposed bond
issue willbe held at Klinkner Hall in
Golden Gate.
The last grand mass meeting of the
campaign will be held at City Hall
Park on Friday evening, September 23.
at which citizens will be addressed by
city officials, members of the campaign
committee and others.
The active work in the campaign for
bonds is now under way and the cam
paign committee of the Progress Fed
eration Is making energetic efforts to
Insure the success of the issue at the
coming' election. The committee has
already arranged for a number' of bond
rallies, to be held in different parts of
the city, at which able speakers will
deliver addresses.
The first of these meetings will be
held ¦ to-morrow . evening in Cameron
Hall, at which the Rev. P. C. Yorke
will be the principal speaker. On Fri
day - evening, September 16, three
rallies will be held in different parts of
the city. Mayor Warren Olney and
Edwin Stearns will address a meeting
at Becker's Hall; at Alcatraz Hall in
West Oakland Colonel John P. Irish,
the Rev. Father McNally and Aaron
Burntrager will tell of the benefits that
the city will derive from the bonds;
the third rally will be held at Milton
Hall on San Pablo avenue and Twenty
eighth street, at which ¦ Bernard P.
Miller and others will speak.
A grand mass meeting will be held
at Idora Park on Tuesday evening,
September 20, at which several prom
inent citizens will deliver addresses.
On the same evening a bond rally will
be held at the Union-street Presbyte
rian Church.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 13.
Committee Will End Its
Work With Big Demon
' stration on Monday Night
GREAT PABADEPLAMED
Hall in East Oakland
First Bally Will Be Held
This Evening at Cameron
BOND CAMPAIGN
IS INAUGURATED
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Divorced Wife of Eric Thompson Tries to
Wreak Vengeance on- Him by Burning
the Cottage in Which He Had Lived
WOMAN, IN MOMENT OF
INSANITY, FIRES HOME
4
FREE FREE —^-FREE
1 , STERILIZED SAHT.
Two Packages of- ;V;: .
TjESME STERILIZED SALT,
Made in Calif ornia and subject-
ed to ; the i most searching: metn-V
ods of scientific , manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
ket. . ¦ ¦";:;., ":•? -:¦¦_;. ¦ V-'- 1 '/-":
A two-pound package for tho
..table.— ¦ -:.-y-\ y . :..;¦ - • •;
. :A two-pound package for the
bath.' :•,, ¦ .'¦' ¦¦ _.\ " . '\-'
Chemically pure- and every,
package sterilized, i /
" FREEVTO .WANT AD.
; PATRONS OF. NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
, See announcement ' on : Classified
.'...¦¦¦ Page.' ¦".•¦-•,¦:¦'¦ ¦*¦'•' ¦¦¦ '¦','¦.
ADVEK'TISEMENTS. . _ -J
¦•¦¦..--•:; ' .- . -inucscrioaDlo . xeir^v for
iSi E&fiM B W /O7 «fE"^DSS nothing compares with
of tne suffering and danger in store for her, robs Ac expectant; mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming erect, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of womea
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob«
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to aH .women at tho
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women .safely : through the perils of child-birth, but its : use
gently ; prepares the system for the coming event, prevents * 'morning
sickness, " and other dis- ' - '.
comforts of this period. JSiJ|i 'ffjb a g B 'BJJ &** fflSS B 4R*
containing valuable information free. E4£ m J^5& Sffi^t^LB iTT^
The Brad field Regulator Co., Atlanta, 6a. £/ ffWsS^BWJLJB
BBAtfCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
H: OAKLAND. !
$i^ 1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street
J Telephone North 77, j
\ -- AliAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alaineda 53J«
ADVERTISEatEyrS. .
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSIA
cannot only find relief, but an. absolute
cure from this distressing trouble by using
r ksv w
In order to prove that thb absolutely
harmless remedy cures catarrhal in-
flammation of the stomach , I will send
TRIAL SIZE BOTTLE FREE
on receipt of 25 cents to pay postage. '
Glycozoks not only relieves, but
u cores.
la this it d:Sers from what 70s may
have used. •
Sold bv Ietvdlrttf druggists.
Moan remains wit bout my si taatBre.
: . - •¦¦ ¦ • • " ' ••
\Jr 6 /}0^~4—ih — ¦#— ~* •
lid- LJ<p[ktAoxHzAZZ£>
etO Prince Su. New York. .
«•«< tor tr~ Booklet "How t» trmX iummm.""William Perry and George Murphy,
teamsters, were booked at the City
Prison yesterday, by Detective Ryan,
Policeman: P. M. McGee and Detective
Lewin of { the Southern Pacific ; Com
pany on 'a" charge of grand larceny.
The complaint was sworn to by Lewin
before Police Judge Cabaniss.
It is alleged .that . on July 2 9; Perry
and Murphy stole . a . case containing
5000 -cigars valued? at* $300. froni ; the
•Eastern* freight sheds of the Southern
Pacific at Third and Townsend streets/
They , sold the cigars and some have
been recovered from Charles A. New
man, saloon-keeper, , 300 Battery
street, and from Joseph Espitallier,
saloon-keeper at 321 Grant avenue.
- It is likely, that proceedings will be
taken' against '. the saloon-keepers for
receiving stolen . property. • Murphy
obtained : a job ; in • the freight sheds a
fewfdays ago and it, is suspected that
his object * was not a legitimate , one.
He Is a brother off Arthur Murphy, the
deputy Ipoundkeeper, who .was with
Gustav : Scherf when Scherf shot - and
killed Rudolph Schultze' at Fifth ave
nue south. r v
William Perry and George Murphy
Placed Under Arrest on a Charge
of Grand Larceny.
TEAMSTERS ARE ACCUSED
OF STEALING CIGARS
State Commission's Report to Gov
ernor Shows Enormous Gains in
Resources and Deposits.
The thirty-three commercial banks
of California gained $3,007,277 09 in
resources and $4,564,017 26 in de
posits between May 9 and August 19
of the present year, according to the
report rendered yesterday by the
Bank Commissioners to Governor
Pardee.; The statement of resources
and liabilities based on the_returns
of August 1 9 is as follows: ;-;->"
Resources— Bank fixtures, $2,968,559 32; oth
er real estate. $2,626,251 41; stocks, bonds and
•warrants, $12,764,438 05; loans on real estate,
$4,415,663 20; loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants, $21,003,271 S3; loans on personal se
curity, $31,947,728 77; loans on other securi
ties, #5,6"4,8S5 47; . money on hand. $13,648,
81S 03; due from banks and bankers $23,064 -
400 34; other assets, $1,312,022 09; total re
sources, $123,226,038 31.
Liabilities— Capital paid up, $16,805,173 88
reserve fund and profit and loss, $24,532 730 81
due • depositors, $eS,218,407 02; due to ba.nki
and bankers. $10,406,130 77; other 'liamllities
$3,213,595 S3; total liabilities. $123,226 03S 3l"
COMMERCIAL BANKS ARE
UNUSUALLY PROSPEROUS
LAREDO, Tex., Sept 13. — The flood
of the Rio Grande Is sweeping the
valley below here to-day. Great dam
age has been done. The river is. up
twenty-one feet at Laredo and is still
rising. Many thousands of acres of
irrigated farms are inundated be
tween Laredo and Hidalgo, covering
a distance of 200 miles.
The towns of Ignacio, Roma and
other smaller settlements on both
sides of the river are said to be inun
dated and many houses are washed
away. Parts of the towns of Carrlzo
and Rio Grande City are under water.
It is feared that many lives have been
lost
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept 13. — Reports
received here to-day from Del Rio,
Eagle Pass, Laredo, Carrizo.and Rio
Grande City, all situated on the Rio
Grande River and covering the course
of that stream for a distance of 500
miles, say that the flood is unprece
dented. The report that only one
house remains standing, in Presidio
del Norte is confirmed. Many smaller
Mexican settlements in the valley of
the river In Texas and Mexico have
been destroyed, but so far no reports
of loss of life have been received.
- It is stated that heavy s destruction
of property at Rio Grande City,
Roma, San Ignacio and other places
along the lower valley is threatened.
The river has changed its course at
a number of places. Big . tracts . of
land in Mexico have been cut off and
placed in Texas and considerable
Texas land has been transferred to
Mexico. It is still raining and • the
river, continues to rise.
Great Destruction Marks
the Path of the Overflow
Waters of the. Bio Grande
The case of Dr. Benjamin F. Stoll,
charged with murder, was on the cal
endar of Judge 'Cook's court yester
day to be reset for trial. Attorney
Kosmer objected to the proceedings on
the ground of "once in jeopardy," and
a continuance was granted till Monday,
when the point wM be -argued. .
;: It was the intention of Judge Cook
to retry the case with the same, jury,
but one of the jurors cannot be found.
He is August "Wamecke, who at the
previous trial in December, 1902, gave
his address as 150 Front street. The
clerk of the court has been unable to
find any trace of him.
If the point raised by Attorney Hos
mer is sustained there will be no ne
ct'ssity of retrying the case, but if not
the absence of Juror Wamecke will
complicate matters.
Dr. Stoll shot and killed Dr. Robert
J. Blake in the Phelan building on Os
tober 16, 1902, and a plea of self-de
fense was upheld by Judge Cook at
the trial. The Judge Instructed the
jury to acquit. The , District Attorney
appealed to. the Supreme Court and a
new trial was granted on the ground
that the Judge erred in his instruction
to acquit
Matters Are Complicated by the Dis
appearance of One of the Jurors
Who Tried Case.
STOLL ENTERS A PLEA
OP ONCE IN JEOPARDY
FLOODS COVER
ENTIRE TOWNS
VOTING MACHINE IiESSONS
GIVEN AT EINTRACHT HALL
SAYS HOSPITAL
IS CROWDED
Board of Health Faces Seri
ous Problem in Taking
Care ¦': of Indigent Sick
Straight Ticket .Voted in Three Sec
onds by Means of Mechanical
Device
Hundreds gathered at Elntracht
Hall last night to test the voting ma
chine, similar to those to be used In
four city districts at the coming elec
tion in November. Nearly all of the
visitors cast an experimental vote. On
the machine a straight ticket can be
voted in three seconds. The most de
liberate citizen can vote a mixed ticket
in less than a minute.
The machine is like a huge cash
register. The back* of It was open,
showing how the votes were recorded.
This caused an observing citizen to re
mark: "Do you think I want to vote
with one of you fellows Inside keeping
tab?" The Deputy election Commis
sioner closed the back door of the ma
chine with a' snap, and remarked!
"This thing is not opened on election
day until the booth is closed." Tha
observing man then announced him
self a convert in the case of the voting
machine.
425 patients. The vacant beds are get
apart for, contagious and maternity
cases and cannot b« assigned to other
patients.
According to the Health Board of
ficials the Supervisors set asid» $75,
400 for maintenance and supplies and
as there are 6 07 , patients, nurses. In
ternes, officers and employes to b»
cared for. this allows tha expenditure
o* 34 cents 'per day for each person.
Boston, Mass., allows the City Hos
pital $314,111 33 each year, and tfcera
are less officers and patients to ba
cared for. . .
Happy is the man who doesnt 'worry,
because he Isn't happy. '
The . Board of Health of thia city
has a serious problem* to face, that is
how to care for the Indigent sick of
this city. The City and County Hos
pitar is' overcrowded and the unfor
tunates who are in need of medical
attention must either be cared for by
the city physicians, Drs. RottanzlWid
Purienky, or be sent to the Almshouse.
Yesterday there were only two beds
vacant. Applicants for these beds
reached a score and Deputy Health
Officer Levy- had a hard time trying
to provide for the afflicted ones.
All applicants for admission to the
City and County Hospital must go to
the . central office of the Health De-.
partment and unless given a permit
cannot enter the institution.
' "When the'last budget was made the
Board, of Health appealed. to the Fin
ance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors for $198,000 with which, to
conduct the hospital. Instead of
granting this sum the board claims
the ' Finance Committee cut it down
to $125,000, making it imperative for
the Health Commission to run the
hospital along economical lines.
'There are 392 patients in the City
and County Hospital. Under the res
olution . adopted by "the Board of
Health accommodations ate made for
Index card?, filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all modern office systems In
our stationery department. Printing and
bookbinding at lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market St. •
Card Systems and Cabinets.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", Sept. 13.
Five of Stanford's faculty will leave
to-morrow for St. Louis, where they
Tvill take part in the International
Congress ot Arts and Sciences, which
meets September 19.
This congress is made up of repre
sentatives from the universities of the
vorld and this one will probably be
thr greatest educational gathering of
prominent men that has ever been
held in America. The Stanford rep
resentatives will each present a paper
en the line of work with which he Is
most familiar.
Five Members of the Faculty to At
tend International Congress of
Arts and Sciences.
STANFORD PROFESSORS
WILL GO TO ST. LOUIS
L,iss was born in Java twenty-four
years ago. He admitted that he had
come to this country at the invitation
of his uncle, who had promised him
employment at his calling at wages
of $100 per month. A special board
of inquiry will try the case and young
1.:es probably will be deported.
Two Japanese women who arrived
on the Korea were stopped by Im
migrant Inspector Persch. They said
they had been married in Japan "by
photograph" to two Japanese resid
ing in Fresno. The long distance hus
bands were at the dock to greet the
brides that they had never seen ex
cept by photo. They were informed
that they would be required to pro
cure licenses and marry the women
according to the laws of California
before they -would be allowed "to cut
up any honeymoon monkeyEhines" on
American soil. At latest reports the
brown men from Fresno were char
tering a clergyman to legalize the
photograph marriage.
who was about to proceed to Cripple
Creek. Colo., to work for his uncle, H.
von Hermerl, a mining superintend
ent.'
United States Immigrant Inspector
D. J. Griffiths prevented the landing
from the Korea yesterday of Gustave
Hermann Liss, a stationary engineer.
The resolution was supported enthu
siastically, and its adoption was unani
mously voted. By this resolution Pres
ident Roosevelt is asked to call a sec
ond session of The "Hague conference.
The resolution reads as follows:
Whereas, Enlightened public opinion and the
spirit of modern civilization alike demand
that differences between* nations should be ad
judicated and settled In the same manner as
disputes between individuals are adjudicated,
namely, by the arbitration of courts In ac
cordance with recognized principles of law,
the conference requests the several govern
ments of the world to send representatives
to an International conference to be held at
a time and place to be agreed upon by them
for the purpose of considering: •
First — The questions for the consideration
of which the conference at The Hague ex
pressed a wish that a future conference be
called.
Second — The negotiation of arbitration
treaties between the nations represented at the
conference to be convened. »
Third — The advisability of establishing an
International congress to convene for the dis
cussion of International , questions periodically.
And thio conference respectfully and cor
dially requests the President of the United
States to Invite all the nations to send repre
sentatives to such a conference.
The Hungarian group sponsored a
movement intended to forbid the use
of floating submarine mines, but op
position developed on the ground that
this matter might well be left for the
hoped-for Hague conference and Count
Apponyl withdrew the Hungarian reso
lution.
The conference will adjourn to-mor
row.
WANT SECOND SESSION.
SHOCKED BY THE WAR.
Following is the resolution:
The Inter-Parliamentary Conference, shocked
by the horrors of the. war that Is being waged
In the Far East, between two civilized states,
and deploiing that the powers signatory of
the. convention of The I Hague have been un
able to hava recourse to the clauses thereof,
which direct them to tender their mediation
Immediately uoon the outbreak of hostilities,
asks the powers signatory of the convention
of The Hague to Intervene either jointly or
separately with the belligerents in order to
facilitate the restoration of peace and In
structs the Inter- Parliamentary Bureau to
bring the present resolution to the knowledge
of said powers.
Le Comte d'Alviella In presenting the
resolution used these words:
I trust we shall render Russia a great favor
in helping i ber out of her difficulties. As to
Japan, I am one of those who have thought
from the outset that the existence of a strong
Japanese empire in the Far East may become
a factor in the equilibrium of the world, pro
vided this empire stands not as a new factor
of war, but as an element of peace and civil
ization. *
In closing he urged that the Presi
dent of the United States was quite the
proper person to tender mediation.
The new. Hague conference proposi
tion was next taken up. Congressman
Burton of Cleveland presented the reso
lution and urged its adoption.
ST. LOUIS, .Sept. 13;— The important
business for which the Inter-Parlia
meritary Union assembled was trans
acted at the second session, which was
held to-day. With \ great unanimity
these representatives of fifteen • differ
ent national, parliaments adopted two
resolutions of far-reaching importance.
In one the powers of the world are
asked ta intervene now in the Russo-
Japanese war. In another the nations
of the world are invited to participate
in a second session of the Hague con
ference and President, Roosevelt is re
quested to issue the call. .
The /measure looking toward inter
vention in the Far East was adroitly
amended. Originally the resolution pro
vided for intervention "at' the proper
time." The last four words, however,
were stricken out on the ground that
immediate intervention Is necessary.
Count Goblet d'Alviella of Belgium was
responsible for this amendment. It was
also the Belgian Senator who brought
about the insertion of a phrase calling
for intervention of the powers "Jointly
and separately," and the hint was
delicately but informally. ., thrown out
in this connection^that" the President of
the United States could most properly
tender mediation.
Two Japanese Girls 3Eeet
Husbands That They Have
Only Seen in Photographs
President of United States
Suggested as the Proper
Person to Offer Mediation
WEDDED BY PICTUEES
'.' I am much 'gratified -to be able to announce
that Professor Ralph -E. : Smith, . the : patholo
gist of the agricultural experiment station, has
succeeded In developing an effective method for
the prevention of i the • destructive ;. asparagus
rust — a cest which" has threatened' the wtaol*
That G. Emll Henry. Hagemann be appointed
assistant in cheesemaklng and Edward Henry
Zimmerman assistant - in < buttermaklng. with'
compensation at the rate of X300 each for the
term of the short course in I dairying, which is
to.be in progress frcm Octobfr 11 to Decem
ber 0.
President Wheeler further reported:
ASPARAGUS RUST.
That the title of Assistant Professor Stuben
rauch should be for the present university year
that which It was last year:. Assistant pro
fMsor of horticulture. In charge of sub-sta
tions. Instead of assistant professor of horti
culture and su;*rintendent of sub-stations, aa
It now appears in the budget, the change hav
ing been made Inadvertently.
That tbe resignation be accepted of Dr.
Georg Bullot as assistant In physiology, the
resignation to d&te from October 1, 1904.
• That Dr. Grorge A. Relsner be reappointed
Hearst lecturer in Egyptology. .
That Dr. Max Uhle b* reappointed Hearst
lecturer in Peruvian archaeology.
That the following appointments be made to
prcvide for further instruction in mathemat
ics, the $CO0 thus assigned being one-half of
the money set aside in the budget for the cur
rent year for an instructorehlp In mathemat
ics: Curt Leroy Newkirk. Instructor on" half -'
time. July to December Inclusive, $250; Fred
L. Jones, reader In mathematics, same period,
$125; Wallace V. Turner, reader In mathemat
ics, same period. " $125.
That Crosby Miller, B. S.. University of Cal
ifornia, 1904 be appointed assistant In civil
engineering at $500 f or . the current university
year.
That Theodore M. Moe be appointed assist
ant in French, at $800 per annum; Rocco
Giorgio, assistant in Italian, at $700 for the
current fiscal year, and that Alfred Solomon,
who i« to offer additional instruction, receive
$8C0 - for the current fiscal year.' instead of
$C00. These salaries are already provid-d for
in the budget, as the sums herein assigned
amount to only $1800, whereas $200 has thus
far remained unused of the item of $23C0 In
the budget for additional Instruction In Ro
manic languages. Robert Dupouey. who was
appointed at the May meeting, has taken the
place left vacant by the death, through acci
dent, of Marius J. Splnello.
That A: H. Mowbray, P. B. Itowell and F.
A. Harvey be appointed ta the three vacant
assistant $hips In physics, at $500 per annum.
C. A. Krauss declined reappolntment as as
sistant in physics.
That Warner Brown, a graduate of the uni
rerslty of the class of 1904, be appointed as
sistant In the psychological laboratory without
pay. '
. That provision be made for an additional
reader in history, with salary at $200 per
annum.
SPINELLO'S SUCCESSOR.
That Dr. Charles GUman Hyde, now en
gaged in engineering work in connection with
the water system at Pittsburg. be appointed
assistant professor of sanitary engineering, be
ginning July 1. 1904. with salary at $1800 per
annum. (Mr. Hyde recrive-1 the degree of civil
engineer from the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology In 1896.)
That Herman W. Reynolds be appointed as
distant professor of mechanical engineering to
fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of
Professor Thomas. (Mr. Reynolds graduated
from ("he University of Pennsylvania In 1806.
He was for one year instructor In mechanical
engineering In the University of Pennsylvania,
and after that Instructor in mechanical en
gineering In the Michigan Agricultural College
for one year and assistant professor for three
year, being for the last year In charge of the
department.)
¦ The president *f the university wishes to
report to the Regents the following reorganiza
tion of the faculty of the dental department
and to ask confirmation thereof:
Professor John Marshall Williamson has re
signed the professorship of anatomy and his
resignation has been accepted by the Regents.
For the present the chair will remain vacant,
the work Delng done by two instructors.
Dr. Maurice James Sullivan has resigned the
professorship of pathology, therapeutics and
materia medtca. He will continue his work
as chief demonstrator In the infirmary and
rive double time thereto— a great advantage,
it is believed, in the concentration of Dr. Sulli
van's energies upon this work In the Infirmary.
The work in pathology, therapeutics and ma
teria medlca Is to be divided between two men
— Dr. Charles A. Litton, with the title of act
ing professor of bacteriology .and pathology,
and Dr. Alfred Schneider, acting professor of
therapeutics and materia medica.
The following recommendations were
adopted:
FACULTY REORGANIZED.
Mrs. Eugenia ScheDck has presented to the
university the library of her late husband,
who was a civil and mining engineer. The
collection consists of about two hundred vol
umes in civil, mining and mechanical engineer
ing, and in chemistry, physics, botany, zoology,
geology, mineralogy and astronomy.
The Bulgarian Government, through the very
kind Intercession of M. BakhmeteflV Russian
Minister at Sofia, and of Jerome B. Landfield
of the department of history, has presented to
the university a -set of valuable : philological
and folk-lore publications of the Ministry of
Public Instruction, entitled. "Sbornlk za No
rodn! Umotvortnla. Nauka 1 Knlzchnlaa."
A friend of the university, who requests
that his name be not made known, has de
frayed the cost — $97 «) — of the colored plates
for the last publication In the university series
in zoology, "The Structure and Regeneration
of the Poison Glands of Blethodon," by Calvin
Esterly.
The San Joso High Ecbool has presented to
the university ? 123 to be applied to the support
of the San Jose High School scholarship for
the current university year. The holder U
Giffcrd B. West.
The Girls' Scholarship Association of the Los
Angeles Hisrh School has presented to the uni
versity $510 to be applied to the support of
three scholarships for the current university
year. The holders of these scholarships are:
Miss Grace Tower, Miss Edith Walters and
Miss Lillian Head.
Regent Foster of the finance commit
tee backed up Britton. "If any of Mr.
Budd's friends have been Injured," he
said, "I am prepared to vote at this
moment. Personally, though, I agree
with Mr. Britton that the right man
has not shown up yet."
Budd was determined, however, and
arising excitedly exclaimed: "I'll force
an election in November or I'll quit.
That's all there is to it." -
President Wheeler reported as fol
lows:
"Well," retorted Budd. "If the finance
committee don't recommend a man I
wilL"
Reinstein in reply said that he did
not approve of Budd's motion, but had
seconded it to bring out an expression
of opinion.
Britton of the finance committee said
that so far as the committee was con
cerned It had failed to make a recom
mendation simply because the proper
man had not yet shown up.
President Wheeler presented a num
ber of recommendations, the most im
portant cf which were that there be a
reorganization of the staff in the col
lege of dentistry and the authorization
of the erection of a temporary addition
to the college of agriculture, at a cost
not to exceed $5000.
Under the head of new business Re
gent Budd made his motion to have the
election of a secretary made a special
order. To bring the jnatter before the
body Regent Reinstein seconded it.
Budd took the floor and In support of
his motion said: "The finance commit
tee is authorized to recommend a man
for this position, and although we have
been waiting almost a year no report
has been received from it. The present
manner of acting is not fair to the act
ing secretary, the applicants or any
one else."
LOOKING FOR A MAN.
In the absence of Governor Pardee,
Regent Earl presided. Those present
v.-ere President Wheeler and Regents
Taussig, Rowel!. Reinstein. Budd, Fos
ter, Ellinwood. Earl, Yorke, Britton
and Dohrmann.
The Board of Regents of the Univer
sity of California at its meeting yester
day afternoon again failed to select a
secretary to fill the place of the de
faulter, McKowen. A resolution intro
duced by Regent Budd making the se
lection of a secretary a special order of
business for the November meeting was
voted dov.n, Budd and Yorke alone
supporting it.
Of the 6C8 new regular students S4ft are
men and 2C2 women, as compared with 323
men and 214 women In 1903. . The percentage
of men among this year's new regular stu
dents Is 67.4. as compared with 60.3 last year,
and 60.2 In 1002.
This Is exclusive of the wmmer session,
which for the, current year registered 913 stu
dents, as compared with 86S, 830, 799 and 433
for the four preceding years.
Of the 846 students admitted this year 608
have been admitted as regular student*. 43
as limited, 100 as special students and 95 as
graduated students.
The students of the professional schools will
be in addition to the total here given of 2755.
The figures are not yet available for this year,
but last year the total enrollment In the
schools of law, medicine, dentistry, pharmacy,
and art, was 59". as compared with 606 in
1902-03 677 in 1901-02. and 797 in 1900-01.
Making a conservative estimate of 600 for the
current year the total enrollment In all de
partments of the university for the year would
amount to 33.">5.
By September 9 the enrollment for the col
leges at Berkeley had reached a total of 2455
as compared with 2.15)2 on the corresponding
date last year, and 2434 by September 9, 1902.
On September 20, 1901, the total enrollment
was 2229, and on September 20. 1900, 2002 —
that Is to say. In five years the number of
students has increased by nearly one-fourth.
Of the 2455 student* now enrolled 846 are this
year newcomers. »
Judging by previous years the further regis
trations between now and the end of the year
will be not less than 300. which makes a to
tal for the year of 2755. as compared with
268S last year; 2669 In 1902-03; 2470 In 1901
02. and 2229 In 1900-01.
STATISTICS OP EXROMiMENT.
The University of California, will be rep
resented at the International Congress of Arts
and Sciences at St. IxjuIs by fifteen members
of its faculty. Professor Jacques Loeb, Pro
fessor Adoiph C. Miller and the president of
the university will deliver departmental ad
dresses: Director W. W. Campbell, Professor
Elmer E. Brown, Professor Carl C. Plehn,
Professor Samuel B. Christy. Professor Ber
nard Moses and Professor. William E. Rltter
will deliver sectional addresses: Professor Fred
eric W. Putnam and Professor Charles Mills
Gayley are to preside at departmental and sec
tional meetings, and Astronomer C. D. Per
rine. Astronomer Robert G. Altken. Profes
sor A. O. Leuschner and Professor M. W.
Haskell will speak at sectional meetings. Pro
fessor George Davidson, Professor George H.
Howison and Professor H. Morse ' Stephens
were also invited to deliver sectional addresses
or to preside at meetings, but declined. Of
American universities only Harvard. Columbia
and Chicaeo will be more numerously repre
sented on the programme of the congress. I
recommend that leave of absence of two
weeks be granted «?ach of these members of
the faculty. (Granted.)
Industry. Most of the treat asparagus field*
<« the Sacramento River delta have been kept
entirely tree from rust this season by methods
recommended by the' university, at practically
no extra expense to the growers, .while in
fields not similarly treated the rust is pres
ent and abundant. At Sacramento a most
complete demonstration has been made in the
way of funticidal treatment for badly infest
ed localities, treated and untreated Qefda
standing side by side, under natural condi
tions In every way Identical, the one per
fectly green and healthy, the other black and
dead. The asparagus industry in California
represents a value of at least $2,500,000 in the
fields nlone, together with numerous valuable
canning plants situated bo as to be useless
for any, other purpose. The annual output
amounts to perhaps $1,500,000 in canned and
fresh asparccus.
Professor Smith came to th» university a
year ago to undertake this work, which
had been provided for by contributions of
the asparagus growers of California. I have
now authorized him to • go East from Sep
tember 1 to C^tober . 1 in order that he may
complete his Etudy of the asparagus rust by
cemparinsr the methods which he has developed
here with the latest results achieved at other
agricultural experiment stations.
I present herewith resolutions passed by the
Farmers' Institute, held at Capitola on August
80 and 31, thanking the university and ex
pressing high appreciation of the efforts of
the University of California in disseminating
useful knowledge amongst the farming com
munities of this State by means of Farmers'
Institutes and other means.
DESIRE QUICK ACTION
(omes From Java to Work
111 Cripple • Creek Under
Contract With His Uncle
Inter-Parliamentary Union
Wants Steps Taken to End
the War in the Far East
Election of McKow^n's Successor Post
poned — Facility Reorganized, and Col
lege of Agriculture Is Awarded Funds
ENGINEER MAY
BE DEPORTED
POWERS ASKED
TO INTERVENE
REGENTS CANNOT SETTLE
SECRETARYSHIP PROBLEM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, "1904.
' The -will of the late William M.
Pierson, who; died 'oh the '4th insfc,
leaving a large -estate,' was filed" for
probate ; yesterday.' ft Decedent -. left i; his
entire '¦ estate to: his wife, Mrs. Anna' R.
Plerson,*; who resides at 2 2 1 4 Van Ness
avenue! ;i In 5 the will decedent directed
that the'sum of =$30 a!month;be^paid
to Mrs. Susan J. Jennings, sister of
Mrs.' .'Piersonr - during; her; life. -His
sons, "Lawrence ; H.'V Pierson : and '¦ Fred
H; j Pierson, r « are "J commended ..to \ their,
mother's vl generosity. ;• Mrs. t~, Pierson
and *LV*H.r; Pierson are 1 named : exec
utrix : and ;; executor. ;,
William M. Pierson's Will.
5
¦ ¦ APyiBBTISEaiENTS. ... :
The Beverage of
The American Home;
Ml '' m - BUDWEISER is, served
n m °re American homes
than all other bottled beers
combined. Unequaled as a <
r * table beverage.
rT$K||||j^ 100,402,500 Bottles of
M^P^7§r^ BUDWEISER sold in 1903.
'The Pro doetof
Anheuser-Busch Bre^ving; v^ss'n
St: Louis, U.S.A. /
Visitor* to the World's Greatest Fair should not fail to visit
¦ the World's Greatest Brewery.
V_ iii Order* Promptly Filled by ' , , ' -^
TILMIANN & BENDEL/'PacificCoast Distributors. ,
\ _ 1 _ _ TECEJEtfFOKIU3I. \ THE EMPORIUM.
{(— — ; ¦ -!—-— — j
JC * The Emporium is one of the sights of the city.
I important First Showings This Week
$ Evening \ Reception and Street Costume's and s^Vraps; the latest ideas of the
% world's best Milliners; Charming Dresses and Coats jor Girls and Misses;' Beauti-
% ful Novelty Feather Neckwear, Boas, etc.; handsome line Dress Fabrics for all occa-
$ sions; Novelty Silks for Costumes and^ Shirt Waist Suits; the very latest Hosiery,
$ Belts, Combs, Ornaments, the Ribbons that are to be worn this winter; some attrac-
J tive new styles in Women 1 s Shoes; Hackett, Car hart & Co. (N. Y.) Men's
g Suits, Overcoats; and many Novelties in Boys' Winter Clothing.
Ill New Woolen Waists SI -2 5 —Very Extra Values
jf Just received, a large consignment of embroidered Wco'en Sacking Waists— colors', red, light blue, green, brown
*£ and bltck. Front hat three pleats extending from shoulder and embroidered box pleat down center, box pleated back and full sleeres. We
£> bought all that the manufacturer would sell us, at a Very low price, which accounts for this extraordinary rahis at /tfh 47 Af*
5 . ... . ... ... . . . . • • • • • .;•;•• ... r 2pim7£&
| Fruit of Loom Tourist Coat Saio Torchon Laces
t Nlusiiih, 7¥iG Waiking Suits 5c Yard
i The genuine, perieit in every par. \ f ' $27.50 ; 25,000 yards good English Tor-
* B ticular full 36 inches wide, a!. Amon 2 the manv new mode* that chon Wash Laces, in patterns
% ways s'o!d at 10c yard, *» we are showing for women'* fall taken from real designs in
K to-day only, yard . ' * S^G ' «nd winter wear, one of the best Cluny, Medici, Maltese and
i? at- «„ IIjj /„ /*". La : ityles of the scisbn for practical Torchon— pretty effects, suit-
| None sold in the trade. w . $ a Tourist Coat Walking -able for underwear, children's
5 Tab lo Damask suit, made of a handsome mixture mate- > dresses, for making curtains,
JC This is the last day of the special sale ™1 The coat i, 3>'«d>« long, is tauj . bed set t widths 1 to 5
*. 58-inch 60c Bleached Damask— four i«ed throughout, collar and cufptnmmrt . and insertions to match
*, ' ._ . -_ with inlaid velvet and braid, full belte9- U1 ,V . ana inserxions XO maicn,
% different styles, yard. •¦•• • • *'O tourist back and box front. The trainless # tO 2 inches Wide, Worth Up
£ 63-inch75cBea C hedDama,k-.arge lk irt ha, 21 pleau, giving the graduated t O- 15c the yard, to- S^
ft assortment, yard . 54O box pleated effect. We have priced these davnniv GU?<Z?
* Damask Napkins, same quality as stylish suits at. 4£O"9 Euf% ' * * * * * *
j£ the table damask, many patterns matching: mfPjbm a M*JP%& M^"*' M *"" M '^^
S f '-75 t^ (soxao), doren • • J/-|g Other SUlls $I 3 . 5 O to S^JS-OO- ' J~" O S° SUPpiWS
$ *i.oo kind (zixaz), dozen . . $1.48 +*•** ¦ ' Rf*d£lCnd f>l*£nt»«:
5 Bleached Cloths- ' _ . neuweB mCGS
ft' zxz}£ yards the $1.00 kind . . $1,48 A LtiiC Of NCW To-day only we offer the following
«? SX3 yards, the $s.*5 clothi. . . $1.68 tT^li I4**4 a «#? tSg% special items:
y;i ..-.-. mit na*S 9OfOI/ No. i Ewtman 4x5 trimming board, regular
fl' " -^ •'.• •¦"-' . _ ' m 'm j&7~ "- 'J^?S. * * oc ' *P ec ' a^ • •• ZSO
% TViO GrCat SpCCiaiS tfH^'fk&BsS**^ N * 0> 2 Ellstn ? an 5»7 trimming board, regular
I Toiiet Art ides \S§5s^™^J^§|F 4 " oz - ? ri<hmed 'tumbi e n f '«g."8c ;
J" Dr. Charles' Flesh Food— For ma wag- 8 "° z * & raduatsd tumbIe "; ' e s- »=<=; »p«iai 7o
H ing, developing and beautifying, These have •—*-—————
J to-day only, the 50c size, per Tpgj^f all the style Groceries - LltfUOrS
5 box. . . . .^. . . .25c *S['*& p^T^ * nd a PP ear - Biff inducements
5 Coke'» Dandruff Cure — This well- \»* v I ance of hats that Bacon — 'Best Eastern, to-day and
S known preparation for the hair and V -Jy / aie told for $10 Thursday, 1b iB x /zC
* icalp; regularly $1.00 the bottle, %t**»^J ft Lvcca Oil — Crosse & Blackweii's,
V on special sale to-day, only. 4ic ;^^^L^ of l^ c season, and quart bottle 61 0
* ' ¦ T $m^Xflirmt\' Xt WiI1 te hltd Health Coffees— Fig Prune, Carmd, C=real,
i llemfmmi tks»4is*t*%c* s*4 f!w#fjf"ffi to convince your Cif: BIend and OId Grist Mill, lor the
jf USSCfaVM '.MrllvlwO «¦¦ ¦» r» . * two days, package. ...:... IQo
* Pllf P|./l»flC friends tftat you Sapollo-Enoch Morgan's, 4 cakes . 25©
g :~**U¥ : r'riUeS id not pay $zo for your hat if you get one Tomato Catsup- Snider's, Blue Label or
¦T $1.00 Dandy Shoe ShlncrS— For pol- of these; they are made of choxe ylvets Heinz, to-day, bottle 1Q C
g women I or children's — to-day cpH^n there are preity turbans, Cans- We^rn* Corn,- 6 'tin's .* .' .* .* '.55%
I only. . ,77C boroughs, dainty bonnets and toquesjthe Ycllowsione Whisky— Either Rye or Bour-
* 1 cc Combination Suit Han«rs— For ne Y E ° Ide ? br0 . wn -' *"„""* roy bon, fdl quart bottle $LO5
m 15c odk xiugcn ror iiad die 6w«e eaoald j«tni smsa( Old Whbkies-9-year-oId MeBrayeT, Keller
jf coats, vests or trousers, to-day 7 Oy them in plenty. There are also many.t£ >9S> SiIver ehher Bourbo f ££
J 25c Automatic Trousers Hanger — special for l>h mourning hats and &f£ m 5O for ths tw0 d »ys, gallon. . . . S3m1O
tf to-day only 1BO bonnets in thisfct at . . <fP«7 Port or Sherry— 5 years, gallon. .. . S6O
J Good Aleohol Lamps for ...... 1BO Ready-to-WearS, $1.75 i° $l6.OO. Bo "J»--K e ntucky hand ""^e, sour mash,
J Crepe Paper Napkin,, dozen . So DteSsHais, $ 4 . 95 to $ 4 O.OO. M^^o'r He'nnW Bra^, '^f^'^
J Paraffine Paper for wrapping lunches . tOO Children's Hats, 95c to $5.00. tie . . .-, $f.43
g I. O. O.F. Flags, <t* «> s?f Daily Song Recitals
5 Buntings, Eto. \/A/ XT ~^f *J m 2 d Floor
In special decowting material • jf]f/4F f+ /fifc^gyMS Jfas&ST' ###^sC^> Every afternoon this week, at
*° department, second floor. tikjJJ / M J~ Bf # 7MMM Jfl If \M M M Mr* frequent intervals, the Starr sis-
* 3 6-inch Fiags 15O * " Q^^S SM»J IS h/ ten will «in 3 in costume tic
j* Correct Bunting, yard . . SO "CAUTORNtA'S LARCEST«^^^^^^^^^s>««ii» > - two pretty new songs, "A Bit
g Lffiaggf'""''" 11*^*** %,£&• ¦-* -*+*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR i A
for Infants and Children.
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tiia /^r y/^4 j j 7 "
Signature of C/co^/j^ T-CC&Ju/tiC
Tou can't get a better Pocket Knife
for the money anywhere. Try one.
All my cutlery is high grade and I
carry a large variety.
STAB 8AFETT RAZOR. Reduced
from $2.00 to .S1.-5. Easy to buy;
easy to shave with.
OTHER RAZORS - e* , low AS
S1.OO. Tou may depend on them.
Two bars "Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, Joe.
Rajors honed and ground. Honing,
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KAXKZrr STREET, Opp. Fifth.
*SA1C FRANCISCO.
iyOH(39L\9 and
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OT THS
WEST.
Ovw 24 Poet «t.. San Francisco. Cal.
E«**b. 40 year*. Open ectlre year, day & nlrbt.
• %Vrlt* tor clrcclara (free).
TTfiT-w^jtf TlTI fit <p.. j. i
_^i^ps^ ne*« Ccllefe and
'^•^^te| ll 'l neerlnr, Oakland,
t%jj*" l feT^?|3i5*S5 > 5% bett equipped school
t >!^ttI13£ > &S3 Sr ? t 3S Cf builnes ". rtorthand
' "j^2o^y^lr''^CtT'ffii-Tj * nd cr:clneer1ns west
Jlf n I f i fiv* Y\fjlr~>^ climate. Expenses
¦ — —^ law. Wtlto for fre.
lOQ-pare CaUloca*. ¦ .
THE LYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory ecbool for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, ta wtll
known fcrTts c&reful and thorough work. Como
end be with us; we prepare you well; refer-
«T.cce, President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan Buildlnr.
L. K. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bcardinj and d«y ecbool for younjr ladies and
little -Klrls. 212« California street. Will reopen
AiTKUst I. 1004. Accredited to the universities.
TEV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Junior arJiooI separate. Fall ttrm begin* Au*.
17. ARTHUR CROSBT, D.D., Head Master.
lijjBk De signs in Light..
BiM READING LAMPS, ETC.
'W E are sh ° wi *g the hj s h -
m®P%' • est art in Electrical Orna-
"Oman \{yJ^\ ments °f the exclusive produc-
rvir ¦ Mr boudoir lights — graceful
y\ J^^ statues with the most : beauti-
y^mT ful light effects — floral designs
sjw$l in colored glass — electric
wt|M bronzes — all must be seen to
j|§P ..WEDDING GIFTS.:Fraud Ortler Against 'Company.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Returning
passengers on the Kron Prinz Wilhelm
are whispering f of *a 'sitting at ' cards
between > Nat Goodwin, John .' J.' : Ryan
and J. H..'Strosneider • which .was.in
teresting while; it lasted../ ...
The Ktory . goes that Goodwin, finding
time ¦ hanging V heavily ; on hie : hands,
proposed that "cards 1 be* cnt^ fora'stake.
The ; steward * opened • a X fresh'*: nack of
cards. ; Goodwto ; cut '{sL'l king, 'i Ryan fan
a ce and 8tro»nelder : a : two i spot. Good -
win is eaid to have lost $2500.
• HEALDSBURG; SepL l3._The
Geyserville Improvement Club has
decided t to organize"; a ; volunteer fire
department. " The .club will at once
purchase a hose cart, hook • and lad
der wagons and other, fire-fighting ap
paratus. ¦; - ;., ; "
Fire Brigade for Geyserville.
¦; SAN JOSE. Sept. 1 3.— The real
estatej dealers of- this city, have organ
ized under, the, name of the San Jose
Rtal Eistate Agents' Association.,, It Is
proposed to advertise ; the .advantages
cf ? the city; and 'county I and ; the asso
ciation--; will : prove a' sort .of exchange.
The ; officers \ are as ; follows: President]
T." C. Barnett; vice president, T. S.
Montgomery; ; secretary; . W. S.- Orvis;
treasuer.'B.'F.. Garrison, -
Various Concerns 'Unite* for the Pur-
pose or Promptinsr Interests of
. the County^ ', ¦¦¦;
WHILING AWAY THE TIME
ON SHIP IS EXPENSIVE
REAL ESTATE MEN OF*
SAN JOSE ORGANIZE
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 13.^ — Freder
ick Marriot. who was arrested some
time ago for refusing to pay his an
nual, street poll tax of $ 1, was
brought before Justice Pryor ," to-day
and requested to give ; bonds "- in , the
sum of $150. Marriot refused to com
ply with* the order and was brought to
San "Rafael and placed in charge of
Sheriff Taylor. O. F., Meldon. ; coun
sel "for Marriot,' prepared a writ of
habeas corpus, and upon this * writ
Marriot was released pending, a'-hear
ing 'of- th<»' arguments'. on the writ.
Sfarriotl Case Renewed.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. ' 13.— President
Francis to-day signed a warrant 1 for
$500,000, the regular, semi-monthly
payment on the Government loan of
S4.600.000. The money will -be- paid
into the St. Louis sub-treasury to
morrow.
Signs Warrant for $500,000.
ELOPERS ARE ARRESTED.— Acting under
!rstrBctiocs Jrcra Chief of Police Walker ct
fetoekton. Polioeman Dower on the arrival of
the boat fres Stockton yesterday. morning ar
rested Ode Johns and Jennie Hermann. They
were taken to tb« City Prison. Chief Walker
«as notified «ad he replied, asking that the
: ' be belo tilt her parents called for her.
but t& discharge Johns. The gtri llvea at 2V3H
Cast Market 'street. Stockton, and Is IS years
of Jtse. Johns ts twelve years her senior.
The girt ti:"i ch* wested to ett this city
and Johns as a friend consented ts aecoajpan}
lier.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.-—Several
hundred bankers from all sections, of
the country, composing the American
Bankers' Association, met- In annual
convention here to-day. The report of
Secretary French showed that up to
September, 1 there: had been :an, in
crease of 1 1 3 members during the last
year.'jgSig
'The trust company section chose J.
Dalzell Browii of v San Francisco as
one of its vice presidents. *;''
Members of the ;• executive commit
tee until 1907 chosen- include William.
Mackells of. Denver of the" executive
committee of 1905, p. G. .Kauffmann
of Tacoma, WaehJ
San Franciscan Chosen Officer . of As
sociation and 'Other Westerners
Given Similar , Honors.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13. — Th© re
ceipts now exceed the expenditures at
the treasury. The change came last
Saturday, when thfe. receipts exceeded
expenditures of $157,000. The treas
ury is ahead $400,000 for the first
twelve days of this -month and the
indications are that the month of Sep
tember will bring a health'y surplus
over the expenditures.
The deficit for the fiscal year Is al
ready $23,375,000. and while the op
erations of September cannot be ex
pected to cut that down ' materially,
the change is for the better and by the
1st of November the deficit should be
greatly reduced. This is in accord
ance with, the calculations of Secre
tary Shaw, who figured that the,mid
summer receipts would be small,
while . the expenditure/*, immediately
after the beginning. of the fiscal year,
are always large. ..
Treasury of Uncle Sam Gains $100,000
During First Twelve Days of
. Sentcmber.
AMERICAN BANKERS MEET
IX ANNUAL CONVENTION
Great crowds again attended
Ringling Brothers' circus at. Market
and Eleventh 'streets yesterday after
noon "and 'evening. This is one circus
where the old rule, "if you've seen
one 'you've,- seen them all" does not
apply. There are many new and re
markable features oji the" bill., and
everything : that occurs under the big
canvas is included in the one perform
ance. There are no hawkers of "con
cert" tickets to disturb : the pleasure
seeker, and -the air/ of legitimacy
about , the whole show and its un
usual merit' send the big crowds away
conscious of ; the fact that the money's
jWorth has Jbeen had. A performance
will I be given every afternoon ¦' and
evening; up to . an" inclusive of ; next
Sunday.
New Features at Circus.
GOVERNMENT RECEIPTS
EXCEED EXPENDITURES
OMAHA. Sept. 13.— Mrs. Mark
Wood of ;Lincoln is preparing to sue
the Pullman Car Company for $3000.
this being the value placed by her on
a bag of diamonds which mysterious
ly' disappeared from her berth : on ; a
sleeper, on" the Pennsylvania Railroad
on the night of August 25.
v Mrs. Wood was a passenger on: the
limited over the road mentioned. In
the' presence of other passengers she
displayed a roll of billsand the Jew
els in paying for her. ticket. The bag
containing the: missing property "was
afterward, pinned inside a skirt and
hung by her side in the s berth;;; In -the
morning, when the train reached Chi
cago, dozens of passengers and the
employes of the car company were
searched before they < were allowed to
leave the car. . •
Detectives have worked on the case
without success. " The U car ;, company
sent .word to-day, that their 'resources
to find : the jewels ~ were : at an end.
the :suit. ' •-s&&t35*BEBBBB
Woman Preparing to Start Action
Against Pullman Company, for
Jewels Lost on Train.
WTLX» SUE TO RECOVER
VALUE OF HER DIAMONDS
First race— Conceit, The Lady Ro
hcsla, Casdne,
Second race— Paulaker, Jim Slick,
Woden.
Third race — little Em, Garnish,
Eagle.
Fourth race— Tanya, Rose of Dawn,
Princess Rnppert.
Fifth race — Councilman. Leader,
Carbuncle. •
Sixth race — Santa Catallna, Sir Bril
lar. Migraine. " ,
Condition of the track — Fast.
By the New Tork Mornlcg Telegraph.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
BERKELEY. Sept* 13. — The foot
ball season will be formally opened
to-morrow at the University of Ca^
ifornia. by a game between the fresh
men and the Polytechnic High School
elevens. Coach James Hopper an
nounced this afternoon that the line
up would be as follows: Left' end.
Zacbarais and Harris; left tackle,
Stow; left guard, Bonnicott and Kerr;
center. Hall and Allen; right guard.
Foster aad Boodleman; right tackle,
Riley and Richardson; right end,
Newman and Jordan: quarter, Har
riott and Kendall; right half, Sperry
and Parsons; fullback, Booth and
Twitchell; left half. Golcher and
Snowdon.
Frcbhmen to Line Up.
SALEM, Ore., Sept. 13.— State Fair retults:
2:25 pace, two In three — Byron Lace won
first and second heats In 2:15 ar.d 2:15^. Dek
bertha.. Garvln Wilkes, Helenes and Major
Del. alno started.
2:13 trot, two In three — Rita H "won first
and second heats in 2:15 and 2:14U. Helen
Norte and H D B also etarted.
Mile, selling— Crosby won. AH About second,
Penzanc* third. Time. 1:41*4.
Six furlongs. Woodman stake*— Kocie won.
Cerro Santo second. My Surprise third. Time,
1:12*4.
Racing at Salem.
Encouraging Reports Are Received
at the Sleeting of the
Civic Council.
The Civic Council, which is working
earnestly to have the San Francisco
liquor license fee raised, held a meet
ing at its headquarters in the Colum
bian building last night. J. W. Hatch
of the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union occupied the chair. Encour
aging reports were made by the sec
retary concerning the work being ac
complished by the solicitors for signa
tures to the application to introduce a
charter amendment at the next elec
tion-providing for an increased liquor
license.
The time limit for presenting the
petitions has been , extended until
September 20. It is hoped that by
that time the full 9000 signatures de
6lred will have be/nr secured.
Another meeting will be held Mon
day evening, when reports will be re
ceived.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Emile Bru
guiere, a young California millionaire
now residing in New York, is the vis
ible head of a new theatrical firm, while
three other members, men who are said
to be millionaires and residents or for
mer residents of California, are for the
present keeping in the background. All
four are equally interested with Bru
guiere in the production of four plays
soon to be placed in rehearsal.
Mrs. Nella Bergen (Mrs. DeWolf
Hopper). Miss Toby Claude and Miss
Anna Fitzhugh were engaged to-day
for the principal roles in a new piece
called "Baroness Fiddlesticks," the
music of which was written by Bru
guiere.
Henry E. Dixey has practically closed
a contract for two seasons as the prin
cipal comedian of "The Three Kings of
Korea," which will soon be placed In
rehearsaL£S£NB9B
Emile Brugulerc Head of Theatri
Venture in Which It Is Claimed
Westerners Are Interested.
M. E. Young. Berkeley; F. 8i«v«-. Santa
Ana: Mrs. W. M. Keely. Santa Ana; J. T.
Shaffer. Santa Ana; A. Kaas. Santa Ana; J.
Sexton and wife. Santa Ana; F. A. Loop, SaJl
nas; F. A. Rehn and wife. Columbia; J. J.
Shay, Ean Bernardino: J. Anderson, San Ber
naraino; W. D. Young. Stockton: F. R. d«
Luse and wife. Moderto; L Vk-hoct, 6an Joce;
T. D. Wright. Redondo; J. £piec«. San Fran
cteeo: Mrs. A. Walker, Redlands; C. W. .Brown,
Highlands; Mrs. E. X. Carr. Tuotamde; H.
L. Reddtsger. Santa Barbara; C. Curtis. Ful
lertzm; W. R. Highlands and wife Modesto;
V. L. WhlttlBger. Dlnuba; J. W. Roberts,
Riverside; C. E. Rydy, Redding: E. D. Lane.
RiKinf ; Mrs. M. S. Lavin. Haywartis: E.
Firtjer, Redlandc; M. Bftman, Stirling; J. I*.
Lucae, Richmond: C. E. Jarvts, Sutter Creek:
W. Hare. Santa Clara; S. J. Mayock, Gllroy;
R. W. WUklns, Arbuckle; F. L. Lorbeer. Po
mona; R. A. Eteely. Pomona; Mrs. H. Briggs
and son. Geyservflle; J. Kelly. Angels Camp;
C. P. McLaughltn. Qttlney; C. W. Bel wins.
¦Williams;. T. J. Bowles, Xewman;. C. A.
Wooten and wife, Newman; A. Aylward Mor
gan H1H; W. P. Clears. Ean Andreas; C. E.
McLaophlin. Ban Andreas; --D. U. Colcord.
Clareroent; T. J. Burrow, Murphy; J. M. Stink
ard and wife, Tulare; J. McClax. Berkeley;
Mis» J. Owlne, Sasta 'Resa 7 W.~H.- Gibbe.
Malern; Mrs. M. Renner, Yreka; A. D Bls
8*11. Yreka: F. E. Robblns and wife. Saasa
lito: T. GQlard and wife, EausaSlto; K. 8
Graham. Big PJne; E. J. Graham. Big Pine;
E. Hilton, t-an Diego; P. Grieve, Arbuckle;
W. O. MeOregcry. Salinas: A. W. Greene.
Stanford; Mrs. W. C. Peters. FarmlngtonrDr.
V?. Whlttinrton. Dinnba: Mrs. T. E. Myerai
Gcrvanza: W. T. Watklos and wife. College
City; 8. D. Pelton and wife, Riverside; W.
Ky!«. Ean Diego; S. V. Mooer. Mendoclno.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 13. — The follow
ing visitors from. California have reg
istered at the California building:
Golden State Is Well Represented at
St. Louis. ;¦¦*; ' : . :
THOUSANDS IX FAVOR
OF A HIGHER LICENSE
CALIFORNIANS ARE SAID
TO BE BACKING CONCERN
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR,
James Cromps, who condttots 4*
store at 114 Ellis street, last nlsSit *e- :
ported to the police that he had teca
robbed of 565. According to bis story
he lives in the rear of his storo and
retired at an early hour last xaxht.,
Awaking later he recalled tho fact'
that he had placed $65 m a troosexr
pocket and he reached over to tha
garment to see if the money wea «**??
there. Much to his surprise It waj,
gone, and he promptly dressed and
hurried to the police stastloo. Crocnpqf
said that late yesterday sxteroooa a
man who is known to him as Ssrtt*
son visited his store to got a drtnSc,
and it occurred to Cromps t*wU pos
sibly his acquaintance may tewwr
something about the m%»Mir%ff nyvrv^y^
The police are looking for Davidson,
His Money Disappears.
Third race — Clifton Forge, William
Wright, New Mown Hay.
Fourth race — Ethylene, Bragg,
Ahola.
Fifth race^ — Alma Dufour, Dr.
Stephens, Atlantic©.
Sixth race — Ethel Wheat, Autom
aton, Gloriosa. $ .
Seventh race — One Way, Monte,
Lord Dixon.
Condition of the track — Good.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Marshalsea, Mr. Far
niun, Zyra.
Second race — Oliver Me, Handvice,
Nitrate. ;~.- - - '
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Jackoon Comes to Join the Commuter*
and Learn* That Cleveland Has
Signed Him.
Pitcher Jackson of the Fort Worth
club of the Texas League arrived in
* Oakland yesterday morning to Join the
Commuters. He had only been in town
a few hours when he learned he had
b*n drafted by the Cleveland club of
the American League and therefore
must report there next season.
When the venerable Peter Lohman
got vrlse to what was doing be stated
the Cleveland club would have to pay
him for Jackson's release and must
! draft him from the Oakland Club.
Jcckeon himself does not eeem to real
tee Just how he stands, but he will
probably find out in a few days. He is
elated to pitch against the Angels one
day this week.
NEW PITCHER ARRIVES
TO FIND HE'S DRAFTED
NEW YORK, Sept. 13. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Brighton
Beach track follow:
First race, eix furlongs— Topic 112, Ben
Crocket 1CS. Revane 111. Wizard 107. Bob
Murphy 109 Casdne' 108. Glad Smile 105. Olaf
105. Grayling 1«5. Tol Eaa 104. Wild ThUtle
103, Concert 103. Boxwood 103, Fickle 88, My
Mate 69. Tha Lady Robesia. 9S.
Second race, steeplechase, short course —
Eorhone 145, Paulaker 140. Jim Slick 135,
Numeral 135, Woden 132. East Kelston 130.
Third race, one and a eixt-enth mile*. *ell-
Inr — Incubator 111. Lord Advocate 106, Locket
106. Proceeds 105. Montebank 104. Jane Holly
103. Lord Badge 103. Merry Pioneer 102. Lit
tle Em. 100, Eagle 99, Kickshaw 98. Stevedor*
98. Garnirh 05, Dapple Gold 95.
Fourth race, six furlonjts. Produce Stakes —
Tanya 121. Fioralia 114. Bella Elgnora 114.
Coy Maid 114. Flinders 111. Raiment 111.
Prince* # Ruoert 111, Rose of Dawn 109,
Sparkling 109. (Oracle* Tanya, Rose of Dawn,
Prince Ruoert. Duryea entry.) .
Fifth race, en* and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Putrus 117. Carbuac1« 114, Leader 113.
Grey Friar 111, Clnclnnatna 107. Sonoma Belle
103. Councilman 09.
fe'ixtn race, five and a half furlongs — Palm
Tree 110. Drcre 110. Faultberry 110. Ot*»go
110. Midnight Storm 110. Sir Ralph 110, Black
Prince 110. La Golden 110, Ivanhoe 110.
Migraine 110 Sir Brlllar 110, Red Fox 107.
Bulwark 107." Santa Catallna 107.'. Ascot Park
107. Fair Reveller 107.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., Sept. 13. —
Secretary Albert H. Moon of the
Grand Circuit to-day announced that
R. A. Smith has been .disqualified
from racing for the remainder of the
season by the stewards of the Grand
Circuit. The action is taken for the
alleged laying up of the first two heats
of the Roger Williams trotting stake
with the California mare Sweet Marie
on, August 31 at Narragansett Park.
Trainer Smith Disqualified.
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race — Lady Lou, Leila Hunter,
Voltage.
Second race—^Marchioness, Carley's
Dream, Worthington.
Third race — Athena, The Hebrew.
Miss Betty.
Fourth race —Lacy Crawford,
Pathos, Lubin.
Fifth race— Lyrist, Easter Walters,
Dr. Kier.'
Sixth- race— Behoove, Whiskers,
Howling Dervfch.
Condition of the Track — Heavy.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
BRIGHTON* BEACH ENTRIES.
The testimony for the prosecution
at the trial of Frederick Tobelmann.
charged with the murder of his wife.,
Mae. at 603% Minna street* on April
1, before a jury in Judge Dunne's court
was closed yesterday afternoon. The
defense will proceed this morning and
an effort will be made to prove thac
the defendant was temporarily insane
at the time of the murder.
Eighteen witnesses were examined
yesterday, including two physicians
and six police officers. Their evidence
was the same as given at the pre
liminary examination. The ante
mortem statement made by Mrs. To
belmann to Assistant District Attor
ney Ferrari was introduced. In it
she charged the defendant with shoot
ing at her four times while shs waa'
sitting on the bed in the room, occu
pied by her and her children at hoc
brother-in-law's residence. Tha re*-»
son was because she had refused, to
live with him again unless he pxora-.
ised to support her and their chil
dren.
When Effort WD1 Be Made to
Prove Temporary Insanity.
Defense Will Proceed This Mominx,
"We -believe Count Apponyi to be
a man of liberal views," said Ambrose,
"and we feel convinced that his con
tact with America's institutions will
clearly see the monstrous injustice
with which his Government has been
treating the Slavaks."
ST. LOUIS, SepL 13.— The Slavonic
societies of the United States to-day
presented to Count Apponyi, chairman
of the Hungarian delegation to the
St. Louis interparliamentary peace
congres>, a memorial written in Eng
lish, French and Hungarian, calling
upon him to take note of the liberai
institutions of ' America and allow
their spirit so to imbue him that, re
turning to Hungary, he may act as
the apostle of a new gospel of free
dom for the oppressed Slavaks there.
Anthony-S. Ambrose, president of
the National Slavonic Society of the
United States, one of the signers of
the memorial, says that the sole ob
ject of addressing it to Count Ap
ponyi was in the hope that it might
insure at least «» modicum of the bet
terment of the condition of their kins
men on the other side.
Ask Hungarian Delegate to Inter
parliamentary Union to Take Notes
for Their Benefit.
Seventh race, six and a half furlongs, purse
—Regale 100. Matador 103. No Trumper 103,
Lord Dixoa 103, One Way 108, Cutter 108,
Mont* 111.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— Shawana
97. Ahola 100. Birchbroom 100. Prosador 100.
Avar.ias 104. Ethylene 104, Bragg 106.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, eell
ir.p — Golden Mineral 91. Determination 94,
Great Eastern 95. Klelnwood 96. AtlanUco 96,
Louisville 89. Dr. Stephens 102. Gllfsin 106.
Aima Dufour 106, Flying Torpedo 107, Rosc
mccd 10S. Curate 109.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Gloriosa
100, Federal 100, Ethel Wheat 100. Automaton
ICC, Red Raven 105. Payne 106, Orfeo 107,
Clatifus 108. Rag Tar 10S.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Hunterdon
102. Jusqu* La 102. Cllftoa Forge 105. Magis
trate 105. New Mown Hay 107, Wm. Wright
110. .
Second race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Dominique You 125. Evanaer 12U. Royal
Pirate 132, Galba 13S. Scbwarzwald 138, Mon
tanic 142. Nitrate 147, Handvice 152, Oliver
Me 15S. (Galba. and Scbwarzwald. Corrigan
er.tr>').
CHICAGO, SepL' 13. —^The entries
for: to-morrow's -races at Hawthorne
track follow:
First race, seven furlongs,* selling — Anna
Beall 100. Rabunta 100, Mr. Farnum lOtt.
Weird 102. Lampoon 19Z. Inventor 103, Syra
105. Hudson 10G, Marshalsea 105.
SLAVAKS ADMIRE LIBERAL. \?.
IXSTITCTIOXS OF A3LERICA
PROSECUTION CLOSES AT
THE TOBELMAXX TRIAIi
HAWTHORXE ENTRIES.
Sixth r«re, tfclrteen-eixteenths of a mile.
«<?llir.g— King Rose 111. Whiskers 110. Sweet
Tooth 108. Behoove 105. R. Q. Smith 105
Crime 104. Extol 102. Howling Dervish 99. June
Collins 93.
Third race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Ryeval* 103. Lustig 103, Athena 101. Saow
Cap 100. Flori ICO. Miss Betty 99. Mildred L
05. The Hebrew 95. Check Monran 93.
Fourth race, one and an eiehth miles, sell •
ing— Flora WUlousthby 104. MalnsprSrur 103.
Lacy Crawford 100. Lcbln 99. Pathos 98, Nettle
Regent 95, Goo Goo 95.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Buccleuth 114
Dr. Kier 113 Peprer Dick 111. Barca ICa!
Flyer 106. Phlcra 101, Dollnda 101. Lyrist 101.
Kiotra Chief 96. Easter Walter 96, Lemon
Girt t*6.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 13. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar
track follow:
. First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing — Voltage 101. Trixle White 100. Miss
Nannie. L l©0. Ethel's Pride 100. A Lady Fair
85, Lady- Sellers S5 Pique &5, Passtve 95, La
Princess 95. Mrs* Jack Dolan 95, Leila Hunter
95, Fay Sharp 05. Lady Lou 05.
Second race. tbirteen-Wixteenths of a' mile,
selling— Joe Doughty 104. Kitmoncllff 104.
Carter's Dream 104, Worthlngton 104, Th5»be
104. Tribes 104. Ivernia 102. Vulcain 102.
Marchioness 99. First On« 99.
SIXTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-old
n^aiden fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Fancy Dres£.107(Redfern) 2 1 l»il 1«4
5 to 1— Long Days. 107 (Hlldbd) 1 4 2 2 IV,
40 to 1 — Lucy Young. 107 (F.Hew) 3 2 H 3 h
Time. 1 :00 3-5. Start good. .Won ridden
out. Winner. J. R- Keene's br. f. by Ben
Brush-Contome. Ml?« Modesty. Jennie Mc-
Cabe. High Life. Queen Rose. My Buela, Linda
Lee. Gallce, Nightmare, Smiling Alice. Prude,
Favermere, Seagull finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds; celling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Joclcey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Dick Bernard, 100 (J.Cal) 7 11 16
6 to 1— Canteen, 9S fHildebrand).12 3 H<2 h -
5 to 1 — S. Moments. 99 <Crimmins)13 5 1 3 b
Time, 1 :45 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, E. E. Smatbers' br. c. by Florlst-
Verccica. Brooklynlte. The Southerner, Gay
Lothario, Naughty Lady. Gravina, Sais, Cot
tsse Maid. South Trimble, Allan, Gold Dame
finished as named. .
FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles; Pre
liminary; for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Africander. 126 (O'Neill). 4,5 1 h
3 to 2— McChescey, 126 (Redfern) 1 3 % 2 b
7 to 1— Eugeoia. Burch, 123<Hild) 2 1 h 3 14
Time, 2:34. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. S. Deimel's b. h. by Star Ruby-Afric
Queen. The Picket. Major Daingerfield finished
as named.
ST. IjOUIS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up ; selling :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Sweetie. 101 {J. Lewis). 5 1*13
25 to 1— Legf rd James. S3 (Orgar) 2 6 H 2 h
20 to 1— The FcTura, 103 (Lawrnc) 6 5 *, 3 1
Time, 1:45 3-5. Start jrood. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrtiran's br. f. (3) by Bermuda-
AlltgTa. Durbar 89, The Hawaiian lOO.-'TIans
Wagner 110. Inventor 102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furicngs; purse; two
year-olds :
B-ntinc- Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 to 2O— B. Strcme, 109 (Redfm). 1 16 14
3 to 1— DandcHon, 112 (W.Davs) 2 2 3 2 5
5 to 1 — Pasa<J*na. 122 (Hildbnd) 4 3 6 3 10
Tim*', 1:12. Start good.- Won driving. Win
ner. National Stable's b. f. by Ben Stroaw-Tbe
Humber. Oxford, Roderick Dhu, PriOi-lty,
Spar, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, fct. \ Fin.
6 to 1— Del Carina, 95 (Grenfld) 2 2 h 1 Vi
13 to 5 — Ueeful Lady. 85 OJicol) 3 1 10 2 6
1C to 1 — Dixelle, 100 <S. Bonner) 7 72 3H
Time. 1 :06 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. R. R. Smith's ch. f. by Del Paso II-
Carlna. Girdlestone 104. Petit Due 103. Tor
pedo l'«). Fay Templetcn 102, Tyroltan 102,
finished a* named.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-old; and up:
Bettlcg. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— Bengal. OS (Dickson) 1 12 1^
20 to 1— Edrardo. 93 (Williams)... 7 2 2 2 1»4
20tol— Golden Light. 103 (Llndsy) 4 7 3 3 4
Time. 2:C5. Start good. Won driving.
¦Winner. C. E. Burnett's ch. g. (7) by Ben
Strome-Berum. Oudesarde 1C2, Judge Can
triil 102, Reglna. D 97. Nellie Bawn 93. finished
as named. (St. Siaonian 102 and Sardian 104
fell at first turn.)
Lurtine Swimmers in Polo Match.
The m embers of the L«rlliie Swtia*
ming Club held their usual 'polo ram*
last night in Lurline Baths. Tha
team made up of W- Harris. J. A.
Geddes, T. Harris, D. Dawsoa. J. A.
Jackson. H. Heinz and E. Dawsoa de
feated W. Pornin, W. Stockton. E.
Baldwin. TV. Bray, H. Seebacb, O.
Schultz and W. Clark by a score of 3
to 1.
A relay tournament to continue for
a period of six months will be com
menced next Tuesday. At the close
of the tournament the seven players
with the largest number of games
to their ' credit will receive goli
medals.
SECOXD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; thre«-year-clda and tip:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
8 te 5— F Mason. 12S (W.Davis) 6 2 112
S to 2—O. Right. 115 (Lrne) 4 4 h 2U
10 to 1— Gar Boy. 107 (P.Kelly).. 1 1 % 3 l»i
Tine, 1:45 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Rowe's ch. h. by First Mate-
Manila Mason. Grey Friar. St. Valentine,
Duke of Kendal, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards; thrte-year-oJds; curse. .
Bettt2£. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to &— Felipe Lugo. 105 (MounUn) 2 In 1 2»i
4 to 1— Bombardier. 107 (Powell) 12 2
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Wis
cer. G. W. Baldwin &. Co.'s ch. c by Amigo-
Loa Angeles. , (Two starters).
FIFTH RACE^ — Seven furlongs; two-year
olds and uo: *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Even — Allen Avon.SS (Anderson) 3 1 n 13
6 to 1— Scotch Da&ce. Ill (Dugan) 4 2 7 2 nk
3 to 1— Monaco Maid. S3 <R!c«>.. 1 3 15 3 30
Time. 1:32»4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. S. Price # s ch. g. (2) by Aloho-AIvola.
Orient 113, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Oae mHe and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up-; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
U to &— Xeversach, 85 (Rice) 1 1 1 !£l 10
IS to 5— Taby Tosa. 104 (Andson) 4 3^27
13 to 5— Commodore. 1CS (Aostla) 3 2 2 3 \J
Time, 1:51 ty. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. K. Hughes' ch. g. (4) by Mlrthful-
Cl>-mtna.-"Jack Touna* 101, also ran>
Time, 1:57. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. R. M. WesterfielcTs ch. h. t7) by Chaace-
B*!g^ale. Votla 103, Siocx Chief 1C2. Lefiare
104, Elle 9S. finished £* named.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and op;' selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— Ben Chance,107 (Henry) 4 4 3 11.
16 to &— Duagannon;»7 fMcBride) 2 3 4 2 H
•21 to 5— The Bugaboo, 103 (Bookr) 3 2 3 3 5
20tol— Uda Lelb. »4 (Oregar) 6 lb 4 6
•DisQuallfled for focL
SECOND RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-«!ds :
Bitting. Hcr?«, Weight. Jockey. St. . »i Fin.
8 to 1— Eugenie B. 97 (Anditcn) 8 13 11
4tol— Atlas, 106 (McLaughlin). 3 2 2 2 ns
S to 1— Algonquin, 100 (Sedar)... 4 36 3 6
Time. 1 :23. Start good. Wen driving. Win
ner, B. Schreiber*s . b. £. by Balgowan-Grati
tude. Felix Mozzes lftS. Triole Silver 87. Tom
Re we 97. Potter* 100. MordeUa 102.' Klne Fox
t>0. Gay American 102. Metlafcatla 106. finished,
as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds
and up:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
:• to 2— P.Hat. S3 (H. Anderson). . 7 3 2 1 h
30 to 1— L Contrary.110 (Gullett) 2 12 2 nk
10 to 1— M. Manners. 113 (D.Aatn) 4 6 3 3 3
Time. l:20V«.' 'Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. H. Chinn tc Co.'s ch. f. (2) by
Wagner-Faireun. - Jircalong 119. Death 110,
Anadarco 32. Fiyer 110, Oudon 10S. Jake
Gnenberg 113. Happy Chappy 105, fialshefi as
named.
SECOND RACE— Fire and a hatf furloogs;
two- year-olds; seilicg:
Betting. Horse. TVelghC Jociey. St. «4 Fin.
4to5— Jaceta, 100 {Nlcol>..- 2 2h 1 *j
11 to 2— Handy B"lll, 103 (Shehn) 1 11 2 S
7 to 1— Ralph Retrse.lCS <Troxler) 6 5 2 3 H
TiiR2, 1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ter. 1. E. Caesin & Co.'s br. i. by Bob Miles-
Laurel. Lady Fashion 100, Fieetwood 101. Ed
Early 95, Lolo Mai W, Seasick &5. finished as
earned.
Oakland did its only good work with
the club in th« fourth. Francks led off
with a dinky hit to third, Ganley bunt
ed to Bauin and Buck was neatly dou
bled at first. Then Dunleavy respona
ed with a drive to center and Schlafley
v,it£ there with- a little old Texas
leaguer to right that cave Oakland its
only run.
A lucky stop by Bauzn cut off a cou
ple in the fifth. Deveraux had walked
and Stark fc-ot a scratchy two-bagger
when Tonan wasn't looking. With
two on the bags, Graham took an
awful swing on the ball and it went
right at Baum. The youngster stopped
it in a trice asd caught Devereaux at
the r-aa. Had the ball got away it
v.ouM icurely have gone to the field for
a couple of bases.
I»s Angeles put in the finishing
touches In the seventh when Zagai
lined a double-sacker to center and
Baum sacrificed. Bernard brought the
final run in with a drive through the
infield. The score: .^- t
Oakland — j Los Angeles —
AB.R.H. P.A-! AB.R.H. PA.
KrncksL. s4 0 1 4 1 Brnrd. «¦¦; 5 0 Z 0 0
Gacly. rf 4 0 0 2 0 Fiood. 2b 5 0 1 1 2
iJr.yy. U 4 1 2 O t Sslth. Sb 4 1 O 0 3
ffci*y. 2b 4 « 1 5 2 Crvath.rf 3 0 0 10
K.-JF- cf 3 O 0 1 O Chaw, lb 4 0 3 14 1
Streib. lb 3 Q 6 9 2 Toman, s 2 0 0 0 3
LvnTX. 3b 2 0 © 0 1 Rosa. ll. 4 0 0 4 0
Stark, c. 3 0 1 3 1 Eagar. c. 4 1 1 S 0
Grahzn. p 3 0 0 3 9 Baud. p. 3 0 0 2 &
Totals.30 1 5 27 1«' Tcta!s.34 ~2 ~7 2T 14
RCXS AND HITB'BY IX.VIXCS.
Los ABgeies 100000100—2
Base kits 100411211— 1
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base tits 0 0 03 1 0 0 O 1— i
SUMMARY.
Errors — Frascks <3). Deverea&x. Etrelb. Two
base hit* — Chase C>. ScfclaSey. Stark. Eagar.
fcacriace hit — Hautn. First base on errors — Los
Acgete* «. Flrct base oa called balls— OS
Grahaa. 4; c3 Bauin. L Left en bases — Oak
land 3. Los Angeles 10. Struck out — By Gra
ham. -. by Baam. 4 lxub> play*— Baum to
<:hase; Stre:b jo Frascks to Streib; Chase to
Haunt. Tisie cf ganse — One hour and tbirty
ave t&istttc*. Umpire — McZXinald.
Bernard tru safe^ in the first round
oa Fraacks' error, but Flood few out.
.- rr..*.h vru£ also given a life on one cf
Duck's Bsiscues and after Cravath had
:..&¦.:<•• the second out on a fly to the
outfcld. Chase sorsed the sphere so
hard to Francks that it got away front
his: XLud Lxjunded out to center for two
2>ags. siviug Bernard a chance to tear
boot.
Buck Frtr.ck* pave the Angels their
odd run in the initial spasm* and al
lowed :r.»::: tu win. Buck could not
cet his glimmers fast on the leather
*t all anJ managed to allow thre*
*&xy ones to po skipring by. His fatn
mi*cue x;zi the one that counted most
and pat the Angela to the good with a
run at the start. . •'. —
Touns Charley 3»-jm handed it out
to the Conuuuters yesterday on their
u»-n battlegTouiid at Idora Park. Oak
lar.d. This kid, who v. as rent in to op
pose GTzhzzr.. brought the • banner mt
virtcrj' to his boas, iloriey. by his
£ood wcrk on the slab. To be sure, he
«u -n-*>;l supported and that helped
a)Efc in the ti?ht places. Score. Los
Armeies 2, OaWard 1.
\(PaciSc Cca« League.)
Clufc«— W. U Pet.: Ci--bs— V.'. L. Pet.
Les Arf f es.ri IV .r^l Son Frtn 21 '¦& -C7
Tacts* 25 21 .S4-. r«^tUna 22 27 .U0
Ecftttle 25 22 M» PorMa.-*: ....2»25.4M
STAKTJLS'G OF THE. CLUBS
NATIONAL LEAGE.
BOSTON. Sept. 12.— New Tork won
both raints to-day in easy fashion.
The second game was called at the
end of the seventh inning on account
of darkness. Attendance, 1300. Scores:
P5rrt razne — B. H. E.
New Tcrk- 3 8 1
tcston 1 6 3
Batteries — McGicnity and Warner; Wilhelm
Second sase— R. H. E.
Sew Tcrk „ 9 10 2
Boston 2 2 5
Batteriev— Ajbcs and Warner; Ptttinger and
Nefriham Umpires — Einslie and Carpenter.
BROOKLYN. Sept." 13. — Brooklyn defeated
Philadelphia to-day by bunchins; hits in the
third inclsg. Attendance^ 1000. The eccre.
K. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 6 2
Philadelphia 2 8 2
Batteries — Croain and Bercea; Fraser and
Dooia. Umpire — Moran.
CIXCIXXATL Sept. 13.— PitUbrr? lost two
rimei to Cincinnati to-day acd went bade to
third place. Attendance, 4400. The scores:
- FW tame— " "*; R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 2
Pitrsbarx 1 7 2
Batteries — Walker and Street; - Lynch and
Phe!p*.
Second game — R. H. E.
CiseJiaa.tl 4 7 3
PiUsbsrg 2 8 2
Batteries — Harper and Schlel; RobertaiUe
and Archer. Umpire — Zlmmer.
AMERICA?? LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 3.— Rain Interfered
with the la»t of the series between Boston and
Philadelphia. The rame was called at the end
cf the seveslh. with no runs scored. Attend
ance, 3100. The score:
R. H. E.
Boston. 0 2 O
Philadelphia ; O 2 o
Batteries — Tannehill and Cryer; Henley and
Powers.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 13.— Detroit-Et. L00U
American Lea rue gatoe postponed; rain.
CHICAGO, Sept, 13. — C!ereland-Chlea#3
American_ Leagne game postponed; rain.
. O»=ticrial Leasne.)
Clufc»— »\ L, Pcc< Clots— W. L. Pet.
r»*w York C5 24 .TSCSt. Louis « G .000
Chicago TO 52 .SK.Brocklyn 46 81 .3C?
F-.Ttsbanr ./..75 52 .SSO-Rcston 40 M .354
OsTiasatl ...73 £3 .S7(r!philadelfhla -3S SI .235
'Ar>r;'.«r. Lea£3«-)
Cubs— VT. L. Pet.- C!cbs— V.". L. Pet.
Etartf-n 7» 4* .eiT.Cleveland ...€» 55 .JM
New Tork 77 4% .«16 St. Lcuis 53 72 .424
Chteasa 73 SO .5CC Detroit 52 74 .413
PhlUS-Ipfcia .« 53 .5«5 Washington .31 96 .24*
STAXDLNG OF THE CLUBS
2:06 trot, purse $1000. two In three — Caspian
won the first and fourth heats in 2:10*« and
2:09. Hawthorne won the second heat la 2:10.
McKlnley won the third beat in 2:08 Vi-
2:10 trot, purse $1000. three in five — Main
land won the second, fourth and fifth heats
in 2:12*i. 2:13H and 2:15Vi. Ethel Wynn
won the third beat in 2:14U- Mary Steele wen
the first heat in 2:13H. Truthful Chime*. Ber
nardo. Direct Well. Mattie Lynne Holt. Flor
ence C. Hydrastine and Lucky Jim also
started.
2:17 pa«e, purse $1000. three la fire — Xaney
H woo th« fourth, fifth aaJ sixth heau la
2:09ii. 2:12%" and 2:13*;. Ed«ar Boy won
the first and second heats is 2:10«£ and
2:CS»£. Owyhee won the third heat in
•-':09 ! t . Lookout Hal. Little Miss. Elizabeth
S. Director Joe and Mostiejoe also started. .
2:14 trot, purse flCtf). three in five (unfin
ished) — Sonata woo the first and second beats
In 2:14% and 2:12^. Alberta, won the third
heat in 2:13^. Thornboy. Sidney McGregor
and Blackthorn also started.
Heats i n the 2:06 Class.
READVTLLE. Mass.. Sept. 13.— <3rand Cir
cuit trot tine summary:
Caspian Takes the First and Fourth
GRANT* CIRCUIT TROTTING.
He has paced more heats in 2:00 and
better than any horse that ever lived.
His last mile was in 2:03%. at Milwau
kee last week. The last half in lUHWi
was accomplished so easily that an
other season of exhibitions around the
2:00 mark was looked forward to, with
a possibility of- his equaling his mark
of 1:55U by the time he reached Mem
phis in October.
Up to the present season he has been
trained and driven by M. E. McHenry
in his exhibitions, but the present sea
son has been in charge of Superin
tendent Hersey of the International
Stock Farm, who has been singularly
successful in bringing the champion
into racing form so soon after his heavy
stud season.
He was sold bv his breeder as a four
year-old to M. E. Sturges of New York,
who in turn sold him in 1302 to W. M.
Savage of Minneapolis, Minn., for JSO,
000, the largest price ever paid for a
pacer.
In the four years he has been on the
turf he never lost a race, and was de
feated in but two heats, which It is
claimed he could have won easily. '*•*
TOPEKA, Sez>U 12.— Dan Patch.
1:0614, the champion pac=r of the world,
will be dead by morning. He is dying
in the greatest agony from strangu
lated hernia. The veterinary surgeon
in attendance at the champion's big
stall at the Fair Grounds has received
a telegram from his owner, W. M.
Savage, begging him to keep the horse
alive until he can reach here. He left
Minneapolis this evening. The veter
inary and Superintendent Hershey, who
is in personal charge of the horse, are
doing all in their power to keep him
alive, but his case i3 hopeless. The
horse was being exhibited at the State
Fair.
Dan Patch. l:56Vi. the fastest har
ness horse in the world, a bay stallion,
foaled 1S96. was bred by Dan A- Mess
ner Jr.. Oxford. led., sired by Joe
Patchen (pacer) 2:10*4. dam Zellca by
Wilkesberry. 2:30; grandson of George
Wilkes. 2:22; granddam Abdallah Belle
by pacing Abdallah, son of Alexander
Abdallah. ; i
S;««al DUcatch to 1%« Call
The members wHJ have another et
their interesting cross-conixtry transp*
a week from Sunday, the destination
being the Lime Point fortifications.
During the winter there wm ba Xto*
usual entertainments — borfng and
wrestling for the men and "waadssd*
for their fair guests.
This is Mr. Elliott's fiftJi year as. sec
retary, a position he has filled frtt2i
rare tact and diplomacy. Tho posttlesi
is a trying one, as there are many deli
cate matters to be decided in a cltib tn«
active membership of which is 1523 and
the total membership about 2000. Th«
income for the fiscal year iras abodt
$100,000.
The old board of officers, which wal
re-elected in Its entirety, consist* of:
President, William Greer Harrison;
vice president. J. C. B. Hebbard; sec
retary, John Elliott; treasurer. H. B.
Russ; leader. J. J. Gleasoa; eaptaia.
M. L. Rosenfeld; fllrectors Taomaa
Magee. Dr. Washington Dodge. W. D.
Shea. Kenneth, Melrose and H. B.
RamsdelL
The annual meeting of the Olympic
Athletic Club and installation of officer*
were held last night, and the big Post
street Institution entered upon another
year, which promises continued pro
gress and prosperity.
Its officers, headed by President Wil
liam Greer Harrison, have worked woa
ders during their incumbency, but they
are still planning improvements for th4
convenience and the comfort of tbm
members.
Angels Get a Lead in the
First Spasm and Bat In
Final Tally in Seventh
Athletics and Champions Do
Battle for Seven Bounds
Without Buns or Errors
President Wm. Greer Harri
son and His Associates
Still Devising Betterments
Great Light Harness Horse
Is Given Up by the Veterin
ary Surgeons in Charge
EBBOBS LOSE THE GAME
PLAN
PITTSBUBGXOW THIRD
X0 HOPE IS HELD OUT
DIPR0YE3IEXTS
BRIGHTON' BEACH, Sept. 13.— "Won
by a fiuke" was the verdict after Afri
cander's number went up as the win
ner of the Brighton Preliminary to-day.
Owing to O'Neill's alertness after Mc-
Chesney had bolted to the outside of
the track on the lower turn Africander,
which had b€en running just behind
McChesney, shot up between that horse
and the rail horse and by the time the
Western idol was once more straight
and in his stride he found Africander in
front cf him and making a bold bid for
the race. On Africander's left was Eu
genia Burch, the pacemaker, while just
behind was The Picket, which had been
bumped by McChesney when the horse
was pulled into the rail, and thereby
lost a lot of ground.
The spectators could not believe it
was Africander which had loomed up
as a possible winner. With Redfern on
McChesney hard at work with his whip
and heels on his right hand side, and
Eugenia Burch in equal stress on his
left hand side and The Picket almost
literally treading on the heels of Afri
cander, the finish for the mile and a
half Brighton Preliminary was spectac
ular to the last degree.
It was not so satisfying to those who
backed M-cChesney. The finish was
three heads — Africander first, McChes-
Dey second, Eugenia Burch third. The
Picket, fourth, was. beaten half a length.
Major Daingerfleld v^.3 last from a bad
start. Summary: . > ' ;
FIRcT RACE— Six furlongs; sailing ; thr«e
year-o!<i» and cjto
Br:tti=ff. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «« Fin.
30 to 1 — Memphis. 109 (H.PhUUps) 2 1 2 1 H
6 to 1— Phantom. 109 lO'Xeill)..'8 4b 2 5
7 to 1 — W. Pan»>, ICO (L.yne>... 6 6h 3h
Tiae, 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. Newtoa'« b. K. by Sir Diioa-Miss An
nie. Falmouth, Lem Reed, Blue Peter, Ti
thenic. Sir Shep. Tie Rogue, Tide, CIovU.
Iki.i. Valley Forse, Dukedom, Dan Connom,
Ganzevoort. Schoharie, Peninsula, finished as
named.
Special Vlr^ieh to The CaR
CHICAGO, Sepi 13.— The Bugaboo,
heralded as a "good thing" and pound
ed nearly off the boards, being backed
down from 8 to 4 to 1, finished third in
the third race to-day at Hawthorne.
He was then disqualified for fouling
Lida Lieb, a 20 to 1 shot, which was
given third money. Old Ben Chance,
which ha3 been campaigning on the
Western tracks winter and summer for
five years, proved the best after Henry
gave him a perfect ride. When set down
in the stretch Ben Chance wore down
his field and won going away by a good
length.
A sloppy track, disagreeable weather
and a card, shy of any particular fea
ture kept many racegoers from the
track. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jociey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— Bonebrake, 105 (Xle«l> •- 1 2 1%1 1
10 to 1— Haj>.Jack. 112 (Mclntyre) 2 5!ill'
* to 1 — Togo, 1G3 (Lawrenoe).... 6 3 2 3 3
Time, 1:03. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C B. Cexcptell's b. g. by Bonnie Joe-
Warcpeio. Lockout $«, Judge SauSey 1®.
ilajtsar 107, Baker 1VT, Mart Gentry 1C3.
Deshen 1CS, Seawortby 107, San Jose 112,
V/iseajan 107, finished as named.
Special DSijmch to Tbe Call
ST. LOUIS, Sept. .13.— A bis killing
was spoiled here to-day when St. Simo
nian fell in the last race. Burke's horse
had been played heavily by a select
few and $15,000 was burned up when
Sardiac tripped and carried St. Simo
nian down. A heavy rainstorm follow
ing the second race gave the mudlarks
an inning. Three favorites scored. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— FlTe forionss; isaiden t*o
ytar-oids:
Betting. Hcrae. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
1 to 2— Plate, 106 (W-DuBan) 7 2 3 Ik
16u>l — B.Hasdsel. U-J (HoweU). 2 14 2 2
3© to 1— Drosalo. 103 (Schaffncr) . . 10 3 3 3 3
Tim«. l:C3»i. £urt socd. won driving.
Wfcirer. T. H. Stevecs' ch. c by Also-Erslly
S. • Tn« Eye 8S. John Randolph 106^ Mr. WU
scn K>, Jadg« Brady ICO, Pillcr 65. Tulla Tn»
ke« 1C3, A Prince 95. Onr Motto &S, finisced as
earned.
Sz^eclal Dirrateh to Tfce Call
The Youngster Keeps Com
muters Away From Pan in
Ever?' Inning but Fourth
Beaneaters Have No Chance
When McGraw's Invincible
Team Once Gets Started
Ban Patch, With a Iiecord of
lioG'/i. Is Stricken at To^
peka on Eve of a Trial
Officers Xecently lie-elected
by the Big Athletic Club
Are Formally Installed
The Bugaboo, Heavily Back
ed, Finishes Third and Is
Disqualified.
McCHESNEY BOLTS, PLACING
AFRICANDER TO ADVANTAGE,
AND HE WINS.
St. Simonian Falls at St.
Louis and Spoils a
Big Killing.
BAUM TOSSES
CLEVER CURVES
FAMOUS PACER
NEAR TO DEATH
GIANTS THRASH
BOSTON TWICE
OLYMPICS MEET
IN GYMNASIUM
THREE HORSES FINISH HEADS APART
FOR THE BRIGHTON PRELIMINARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER 14. 1904.
LOS ANGELES INCREASES THE LEAD IN PENNANT RACE BY BEATING OAKLAND
GIUPMAN: EXONERATED.— A . Coroner'i
Jury : yesterday i exonerated the gripman ~.f rom
all blame for , the ; death of ; Charles H. :, Scan-
Ian, who was struck -by a Hayea-street - car
M Market street on Eectemk** 5.
ACCUSED OF STEALING SADDLE —
Charles Kaegle. 'Brut- sergeant ; ' In > the First
Infantry, was taken - to ' Sailnaa last night by
Sheriff Nesbit to b» tried , on a charge* of lar
ceny- - Xftede j la • accused - of ' havinr ... stolen , a
raddle i at - Camp * Ataacadero,'- when , he - ¦ wm
there with the troop*. He soil it at Giiemy. -
WASHINGTON. S*r»t. 13— A fraud I
order has been issued a-rain.n the Co
operative .Mercantile Company of San
Francisco.
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY, - ; '— William
Reyburs of San liateo Cmnty, contractor, was
arrested yesterday by Officer, McCurrf* of th«
Humane Society and Cor stab!- Carroll of
Baden for «rtTir, s a crippled horse. The mat^
t«r wtu comA as befor* Um Jostle* 1 * court at
6
FREE — — FREE — — FjREE
STERILIZED SALT.
Tcro Package* of
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT,
Made In California and subject-
ed to the most searching meth>
od* of scientific manufacture
before being placed o n the mar-
ket. •
A two-pound package tor the
table.
A two- pound package for the
bath.
Chemically ntirp and every
package «>terilirrd. .4eOS&B8Ki
FREE TO WA NT. AD.
PATRONS OF NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
See announcement on 'Classified
- * : Pb2*.
There Is a Standard
4 j* MuBa Almod tat by tnn» uxukatv
s i Kfiva * f te * ¦"• e * a *• r "* cIs *»
5- MltYJBk to th4 Process e: br^wtax
"2 RLE^S * 3d m * tart a«- -AAd Cm
• o^ strens^h — haary, m^f^rn
< iB^^ ( Or U*ht IS a TTV^ffafi of
z [$&, ~\\. I * kl B'ttl a<1 Jim mm 11 (_
Bffi^^111i& UILr% 1 L
1 M I LW AUK E E
W&W/ V^l 5Wi ** **• H *F?«wt
|J5r£ \f Staaiar* Atal»r>M»
Han-VMBS
SAiX BXBO Jk CO,
Whole»ol«i;saler«,
312 Battery St.,
TcL ataia 5839. San PraacUco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKAttSY ST. Eatab^H^
in 1H54 tor the tr«*tm^nt nf Pnv*"'
Di***«es. Unt MaatMyxl ZVbiilty ot
¦V.t as- rvcorin t oa body *nd mtnd ar«
Skb» Uawasf*. Tb# Doetorcnr^rw^* 1
nth«ra IjU:. . Try him. » - b»nrM h>«
<'«r»« K**rn*tee«l. CaJlofwm*(120th Meridian, Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO.- Sept. 13—5 p. m. .
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati G0-5S,New Orleans 88-70
Borton .... ... ,8«-5O- Philadelphia . . . ..88»(S4
JacksonvllH 84-&S' Washington 90-66.
St. Louis 74-CONcw York .' 84-04
Chicago .. 60-54 PitUburg 72-58
SAN FRANCISCO 64-52
THE COAST RECORD.
" «« ¦ 7 a "2 - <». ¦' •»
STATIONS. | . 5| If g.3 • f ° * '
Baker 30.08 74 42 NW Clear .00
Carson Zi. 88 84 46 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Kureka 30.00 54 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 23.88 PC 5ii X Cloudy \O0
SE Faralljn...29.03 00 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.96 70 44 N Pt.Cldy .01
Pocatello .....30.08 74 42 N Clear .00
Independence .29.00 82 58 NE C1ear % .02
Los Angeles.. 20.92 80 64 SW Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpals20.95 80 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
PJioenlx 19.80 02 64 . W Clear 1.19
Pt. Reyes Lt..29.91 60 01 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29.90 84 50 K Clear .00
Red Bluff 29. 84 9O 58 SE Clear .CO
Roseburg 29.94 78 46 W Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.88 88 56 S Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake ....29.98 78 58 W Clear .00
San Franciecc29.94 64 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 29. 94 76 54 NW Cloudy .00
San Diego ...29.W) 74 68 NW CJjudy T.
Feattle ...30.00 76 44 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.12 74 38 N Clear .<¦«>
Tatoosh 30.02 64 48 NE Clew .'C
Walla Walla.. 80.02 * 80 46 W Cloudy .00
Wii:n«:mucca .20.98 80 40 NW Cljar .00
Vuma 29^18 08 74 SE Clear ..00
WtATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST. • j
Unsettled weather prevails " over Southern
California. Light rain Is reported" at San
Dieeo, Independence and Flagstaff and cloudy
weather prevuils alone the entire coast. It ia
also cloudy in the Sacramento Valley and it
is advisable for raisin makers to be prepared
to stack their trays.
There has been but little change In temper
ature on the- Pacific slope, except near Port
land, where the temperature ban risen.
Forecast made at San Francteco 'for' thirty
hours, ending midnight, i September 14 : 1
Northern California-^- Cloudy, ."unsettled
¦weather Wednesday; light southerly winds In
lar.d; fresh westerly winds on the coast. . ,
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Wednesday, possibly light showers:,
light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, i un
settled tyeather Wednesday: light southerly
winds, changing to fr«?sh westerly.
Log Angelta and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, poeslbly llgrht showera;
light southerly winds.,
For Fresno — Cloudy, unsettled weather Wed
nesday, possibly showers; light northeast
winds. •" , .
For Sacramento — Cloudy "Wednesday: fresh
southerly winds. . . • •
A.G. Me A DIB. District Forecaster.
" SOEDBR' GOES TO I SAN . QUENTIN.— l>on
Seeder's stay. ofJeMCUtlon expired; on' Monday:
Np / or» ? appeared , to ; 4 ask for . an ;; extension.
Yesterday' the'. Sheriff appeared before : Judge
Cook ; for ¦; instructions * and the Judge : ordered
Boeder . to ": be * taken j from ; the , County .' Jail i to
Ban Quentin ¦ at once. ¦ He has been > sentenced
t« > be : hansed ; on November, 4 for the mordcr
of i hU '). brother ; ln-law, « Joseph i Blaise. - - A r> bill
of ;;' exceDtlonn has, ' however.v been :i Bled -f and
the ' case * will be taken before \ the 'Supreme
Court. 1 ¦¦' ,';..'. ¦:"''"¦ "¦¦'¦ •-¦¦¦-:- '¦¦¦ . , .•--. .
The hearing of testimony In the
case of " H. O. Irwln, former . pound
master, against the Supervisors,^ the
Auditor and the TreasurerYof the city
to restrain them from allowing ' the
payment of the;,. bills of C. B. Hol
bfook, the present poundmaater, took
place in Judge / Troutt's ' court yester
day.
After/the -passing -of , an ordinance
by the Supervisors taking. the appoint
ment of ;poundmaster, out of .the .May
or's hands, C. B. Holbrook," secretary
of the Society; for the Prevention of
Cruelty ' to 7 Animals, was made pound
master by, the Supervisors. r
: The ' suits ; are , to the allow
ance of three bills for pound expenses, 1
respectively $ 1 97; ; $ 8 9 . and . 1 1 8 5, and
it .Is 'charged 'that vHolbrook divided
his. bills in order that they; might>not
reach the < Mayor.'; who > Is ; empowered
to act- on all-bills over $200.: Onthe
stand Holbrook testified that he. hoped
to ¦ get his money sooner by ; separat
ing the items on i the bill.-. ,,
Former • Ponndmnster Claims That
: Blayor Should Have . Passed on
v r): ~\' Demands of Treasury. .
SUES TO RESTRAIN
" PAYMENT OP BILLS
¦ — ?— • ¦ ! — —
.; Steamer. 1 Destination. Sails. -,
Tacoma...... j Nome & N. E. Siberia. fept/l4
Humboldt.... f Ekagway & Way Ports. Sept. in
Jefferson. . . . . I Skairway & Way Port*. Sept.* 15
Santa Ana.. ..! Seldovta & Way Ports. Sept. 1Q
Cottage City..' Skag way & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Olympia. ....'.' Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 20
Dirigo.... :..".' 8kftgmay * Way Porta. Sept. 21
Garonne. ..... ! Nome Sept. j 24
FROM SEATTLE.
TANNER WILL NOT PROVIDE.— Mrs.
Lizzie Toomey. 782 Folsom street, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan yesterday
fcr the arrest of Peter Tanner, her son-in-law,
on a charge of failure to provide for his child.
15 months old. ShS said that Tanner was a
fancy .bartender and was living with another
wr.mah and neglecting his wife and child.
Baggage transferred to and from an trains.
gte»merj.' etc, at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. . Morton
Special Delivery, H08 Taylor st.. B40 Marten
at., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 40*
Xotice to Passengers.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier, j
September 14:
J. Hlggins.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2 ¦
Chico Caqullle River 6 pm Pier 2 '¦
North Fork. Humboldt ..;..... 5 pm Pier 20 '
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2 .
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7 j
Arctic. Humboldt.... 9 am Pier 2-
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 ';
Rainier..... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10 ,
September 15. . i
M. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Breakwater.! Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8 j
Eureka f Humboldt 9 am Pier U
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor Pier — j
Porno..... 1 . . Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2-
State ofCal. San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
September 16.
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... j Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Xewbiiif.,. Grays Harbor 4» pm Pier 10
Ccrona .;. Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Sequoia WlUapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
Kat'aw . ( Hamburg & Way. . 12 fn Pier 19
Coos Bay,.. V San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11 j
Iaqua... .'...' Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2!
Btpt ember 17. I j
Orr-gonian.. New York Pier 25
Argo... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Barraeouta. N. Y. via Ancon..: 12 m Pier 40
Alamecfa.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7 I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.. ...... Pier 1^ 1
¦ ~ Sept ember 18. | I
• Ccntralla.. . Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10,
S. Roca..... San Diego 4 Way. 9 aralPier 11 i
. September 19.
Pomona.... Humboldt : 1:30 p Pier 3
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoraa. 5 pm Pier 20
September 90.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Korea China &. Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Bonita Newport & Way. . . 0 am Pier 11
September 22. •
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
September 24. |
Peru N. Y. via Ancon...|12 m|Pier 40
TO SAIL
Paul Zwicker is the name of the
man who suffocated himself with il
luminating pas . last Sunday night in
the Hancock House, at 781 Mission
street. The body was identified at the
Morgue yesterday by his sister, Mrs.
A. Vogel, who lives at 124 Erie street.
She said he was a musician, who ar
rived recently from Portland, Or., and
became^despondent because he , was
unable to obtain employment here.
He was unmarried.
Identified as Paul Zwieker.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Schr Expansion. Johnson. Manila via Noyo,
in tow of stmr National City.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 13. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 29 — Lat 7 N. long 120 03 \V. Br ship
Lucipara from Bellingham for Callao.
Per stmr Rita Newman— Sept 11, NW of
Point Reyes, passed ship Alex Gibson, from
Bristol Bay for San Francisco.
Per etmr Alameda — Sept 8. 2:20 a m. lat
25 06 N, long 151 51 W. U S stmr Thomaa.
from San Francisco for Manila: Sept 10. 11:S7
p m — Lat 32 N. long 138 22 W. stmr Sierra,
from San Francisco for Australia; Sept 11,
12:55 a m— Lat 32 10 N. long 126 03 W. Br
stmr Coptic, from San Francisco for China
and Japan.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-^Arrived Sept 12 — Stmr Montara,
hence Sept 8.
Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr St Paul, from Nome.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 12— Stm r Pasadena,
hence Sept 11.
Arrived Sept 13^ — Tug Ranger, hence Sept 12.
Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr W H Kruger, hence
Sept 11.
Sailed Sept 13 — Schr Bertie Minor, for San
Pedro; stmr Corona, for San Francisco; etmr
San Gabriel for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Paswd in Sept IS— Strar St
Paul, from Nome for Seattle; stmr Edith, fm
Astoria for Seattle.
FARALLQN ISLANDS— Passed Sept 13.
10:20 a m — Stmr Alameda. from Honolulu. ;
Passed Sept 13. 3:45 p m — Ship Alex Gibson,
from Bristol Bay for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Sept 13— Bktn Chas F
Crocker, from Port Blakeley.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 13. 1 p m—
Stmr Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor for San
Francisco: stmr Sequoia, from Grays Harbor,
for San Francisco; stmr Fulton, from West
port for San Pedro
ST MICHAEL— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Rose
crans. hence Aug 25. ¦ .
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Bo.
r.ita. for San Pedro; stmr Despatch, for San
Pedro.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 12— Schr W
F WitzTnann. hence Aug 23.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 13— 8tm r Signal,
hence Sept 8.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 13— Schrs Luzon
and Mahukona from Grays Harbor.
, NOME— In port prior to Sept 1— Schr Emma
Claudina. from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Cen
tralla. hence Sept 11; stmr Samoa, . hence
Sept 10.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Railed Sept 12— Bark Foohng
Euey, for Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Sono
ma, from Sydney for San Francisco.
HILO — Sailed Sept 13 — Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL— In port Sept 11— Ger ship Alice, for
Portland. Or.
ANTWERP— In port Sept I— Ger ship Ne
saia. for Portland.
CALCUTTA— Sailed Sept 10— Br stmr Flor
ieton. for Norfolk. Va.
MOJI— Arrived Aug 29 — Br stmr Robert
A damson, from Honolulu. «
PORT SAID— Arrived Sept 1— Br Btmr Deu
calion, from London for Seattle
SINGAPORE— Sailed Sept 10— Span stmr
Isla de Panay. for Manila.
VENTNOR — Passed . Sept 11 — Fr bark La
Fontaine, from Portland for Queenstown
LIZARD — Passed Sept 11 — Fr bark La
Bruyere. from Portland for Queenstown
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 8— Br ship
ThiMle, from Portland. Or.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept IS— 8tm r Ventura,
hence Aug 18.
COLOMBO — Sailed Sept 12— Br stmr Indra.
mayo, for New York.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 7— Br bark Battle
Abbey, from Newcastle. Aus.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French ship Uuchease de Berry i»
chartered for barley to Europe at 23e 9d.
The French bark Marie Madeleine loads red
wood here for Glasgow and the French bark
Alice will proceed to New Caledonia in ballast.
The bark Amy Turner returns to Hllo with
reneral carro.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The bark Mohican waa cleared yesterday for
Eo&olulu with a general merchandise carpo,
valued at $15.0C2. and including the follow
ing: 4197 ctlB barley. 2261 bales hay. 5700
lbs beans. 409 ctle corn, 125 ctls wheat, 10,349
Ibe middlings. 283 ctln oaos. 2S0 pkg* beer.
140 cs mineral water. 27 pkes paste. 3 bales
brooms 5 bbls oil. 100 cs gasoline, 76.800 lbs
cement 241 pkg» paint*. S73 pes sewer pipe,
3 bait* twine. 0090 lbs coda, 100 bxs noap,
SO pkjr* paper. '
Merchandise for tlie North.
Tt» eteamer City of Puebla sailed on Mon
day for Victoria with an assorted cargo con
signed to British Columbian ports, valued at
$15,634. and including the following: 033 pkgs
fr«Eh fruits. 110 pkrs onions. 300 pkgs po
tatoes. 46 pk£> freeh vegetables, 39,875 lbs
dried fruit, 4223 lbs raisins, 4500 lbs salt. 68
cs canned goods, 275* lbs coffee. 19 pkgs table
preparations, pkgs paste. CM lbs dried
fish, 3600 lbs chocolate S5 pkes groceries and
previsions 900 lbs meals, 123 lbs tea, 135 gals
wine, 25.190 ib« malt. 4708 lbs peas. 2431 4bs
teas' 13 bale* twine. 3810 Ibe chloride, S pkgs
Hiaehinery. 47 pes 6 bdla eteel, 700 tins
jruitchf*. IS cs arms and ammunition. 9 pkss
F&inta, 8 pkgs dry roods, 7 pkgs naila. 18
jjitpj drug*.
Th« eteamer also carried the following ship
rrenw For Northwest Territory^— 046 gals
end 250 cs whisky, 5000 lbs dried fruits and
600 pkr» potatoes^ valued at $3495.
ForManitoba— 57.475 lbs dried fralt. tsJ
oed at SSOG.
For Australia — 750 cs canned salmon and
15 cs assorted canned goods, valued at $3553.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. September 13.
TT B «tmr T*t£l*. Lopez. * hours from Mon
te Btrsr Alazaeda. DowdeU. « «ay« 2 hour*
Stmr F A KCtourn, Thompson. T hoars from
Port Rogers. - -'--.' '*'-
Stinr Olynjple. H»nsfn. 63 hours •trom Ho
ndsfls.
Stmr Rita Newman. Berry. 1* *ay« from
Stror Prentlss. Ahlstrom. 64 hours from W1I
lapa Harbor. -\. --.'•,•.¦
Binsr Porno, Ahlln, 12 boon from Albion,
via Po'.rt Arena 10 hoars. .
Star A!catraz, Anderson, IB nour« • from
Greesn-ood. bound to San Diego; put In t»
land passengers. • " - '
Fttnr San Pedro, Basmussen. ' 28 honrs from
Eureka bound eouth; put In for fuel.
Stmr laqua, Jorgenson. 22 hours from. Eu
reka. Up river direct.
Btmr Umatilla. Xopander. 59 hours . irom
Victoria, B C. etc.
Stmr Newburg, Anflndsen, 70 houTB * from
Orays Harbor.
Btiur Gntce Dollar. Ol«en. 74 boors from
Gr«y» Harbor.
Btinr P^uola. McClement*. 77 hour* from
Willapa Harbor. >iTiHfeJSi.y
Btmr Hurcka. Jessen. 2* hours from Eureka.
Ship Columbia. L4rt>lg. 21 <lays fm Naknek.
Bktn Arago, Bems«n. 8 fiayi from Multileto.
Schr ConSanza, Johnson, 18 hour* from Not
leyj Landinr.
6chr MajiJower. Ooodmansen, 6 day* from
Eluslaw.
CLEARED.
* Tuesday. September 13.
f-tr.-.r Pomona. Swaneon, Eureka; Pac Coast
B S Co. r ..
gtfnr Columbia Doraa. Astoria; Oregon Jt
R & Nav Co '*¦¦ ¦¦
Bark Mohiran, Kelly. Honolulu; Welch ft
Co.
FAILED.
a Tuesday. September 13.
Ftmr F A Kilbnrn. Thomcson. Port -Rogers.
Btmr Alcatraz. Anderson. 6an Diego. .
Etmr National City. Ilammar. Fort Bragg.
Etmr Arcata. Maeireen. Coos Bay.
8tmr San Pedro. Rasmusaen, Ban Pedro.
6tmr Pomona. St. arisen. Eureka. .
Stmr Clpey. Inland Monterey, etc
Strar Alcazar, Wlnkel ¦ Point Arena.' '
Htmr Etlrabrth. Jenseo, fcandon. •
Stmr Francis H »gsett. Reiner. Astoria, ,
Btmr Na%«rro. Wrter, Mendocino.
Ktmr Newsboy. Lee. Crescent City. s •
Hark' Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu. ;.
Schr Newark. Rclnertsen.'' Stewarts Jtatet' - i
STEAMER EMMA CI/AUDINA
HAS ARRIVED AT NOME
Long Overdue Trading Vessel Returns
From a Voyage to the Siberian ,
'/: ; '. Coast. _,
SEATTLK, Sept 13. — The long
overdue steamer Emma Claudina,
which sailed from Seattle for trading
ports along the Siberian coast May
11, was to-day reported as having
reached the roadstead at Nome.
The vessel went, north under char
ter to the Northwestern Commercial
Company, and was expected > in 4his
port on her return voyage not < later
than July 31. It was feared. that the
vessel was lost, with passengers and
crew. The Claudina Vis . owned by
Charles Nelson of San" Francisco.'
Trout Streams Replenished.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 13.— One hun T
dred ; thousand trout " have been ..;: re
leeived by ' Game Warden"" Reed from
the McCloud River _" hatchery. The fish
will be . distributed ' in the various
streams, of 'the „ county. .
Fifty . thousand • were placed \\n
Boulder Creek, and the other ; fifty
thousand will be v laced in the follow
ing streams: Zyante Creek, . Bean
Creek,. Bates ., Creek and Lampioo
Creek; *"; ' - % " ':. '. ; :',- \ . .' .-
Too much knowledge has been known
to atrangle happiness. * • : ; r r : ,'
SAJITA CRUZ,* Sept; 18.—-GeorgeJ S.
Hart was ¦arregted'in ! Santa Barbara
and brought to this city < by ; Sheriff
Traf ton. 7 " Hart • is " charge d with ?¦¦ for
ging checks and passing them on'- M.
O'Keef e,"- the - Pohtiac • saloon and
Twentieth < Century -Restaurant. '.-".¦
.: Hart was employed:by'A. L.'K«m- i
per.-as cook in his 'restaurant* at -the
beach. - :*^BBmBB8&®ms$Hskmi
Charged With Forgery.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of Hiich and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur . at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Bun rises 5;50
Sun tcts ;.. 6:20
sets... 8:50 p. m.
O |Tlnie| iTlmel Time iTirae
p i_ 1 FL 1 Ft, pt. J
f |H WJ |LW , H W| |t. W
14 3:03 4.8] 8:20 2.2, 2:42 5.8 0:23 0.5
15 4:15 4.3 9:15 2.6 3:33 5.1 10:32 0.5
16 5:30 4.110:22 3.0 4:37 "6.0 11:42 0.5
17 6:43 4.111:36 3.1 5:40 4.8
L. W H W L. W| H W
IS O:43j 0.4 1 7:48 4.4 12:O 3.1 6:48 4.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are. ' given in the left
hand column and the successive . tides . of , the
¦ day In the order of occurrence as to-tlrae; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the toundlngs of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth . given . by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low. water*.
— : t
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N\. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
EeptAiber 13, 1904.
The Tftoe Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
L e at noon or the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
e p. m. - wv \ AeateauAt p. s. N.,.ln Charge.
Biff Bonanza libeled.
JVD. S:>reckeL»7& Broe. Company
filed a libel in the. United States Dis
trict Court yesterday against the bark
Big Bonanza to; recover $5000 ' : for
salvage services rendered by the tug
Dauntless on September* 11. The,com
plaint recites that r on ' that * date r the
bark signaled for assistance; while in
danger ol being wrecked near Point
jteyes, and the Dauntless ¦ towed 3 her
eafely into port; 1 The bark ;had * 'on
board a cariro of salmon valued at
$120,000.
The American ship Columbia, which arrived
yeeterday. 21 days from Naknek, brought
i.'-« , v. :i J cases of salmon.
Brings Cargo of Salmon?
Mariposa Sails To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Maripusa, Captain Keiysie. will sail, at 11
o'clock to-day for Tahiti. Among her passen
piTs will be: l/ccl^n Gunthier. Mias E.
iiufschmidt. Mrs. B. S. Ehaen. F. W. Searby
«md Mrs. E. L. Squire.
The steam schooner National City left here
yesterday with the schooner Expansion in tow
for Noyo. where the Expansion will load lum
ber for Manila.
Takes Lumber to Manila.
WEATHER REP( :?T.
Hose for the safety of the German bark
Pionier has almost been abandoned and yester
day her name was withdrawn from the overdue
list, the rirk having been declared by LloyCTs
to be uninsurable. She Is out 161 days from
Buenos Ayres for Falmouth and was quoted
at O<» per cent. The Hampton is still on the
beard at 6 oer cent and the Ivar Aasen is
quoted at IS i»er cent.
Pionier Is Uninsurable.
8teamer. [ From. | Due.
Tellus . .. Oyeter Harbor ISept. 14
Texan New York Sept. 14
Leelanaw Seattle Sept. 14
Del Norte .Crescent City Sept. 14
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro Sept.- 14
Corona \ Humboldt 8ept- 14
Breakwater: . . Cooa Bay. Sept. 14
Lakme San Pedro. .' Sept. 15
Alliance Vortlnnd &. Way Ports Sept. 15
M. Dollar ' San Pedro Sept. 15
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 15
Santa Reua ... San Diego & Way Pts, Sept. 15
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt Arena Sept. 15
Peru . : New York via Ancon.. Sept. 16
W. Kruger Humboldt : . . : Sept. 16
Northland Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 16
G. W.KIder... Portland & Astoria.:.'. Sept. 16
S. Monica Grays Harbor , [Sept. 16
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. ISept. 17
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Sept. IT
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 18
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt Orford Sept. 18
Centralla San Pedro Sept. 18
Queen : Puget Soundf Ports. ... Sept. 18
Eureka Humboldt ...:.... Sept. 18
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.) Sept. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. ISept. 19
Xicarla Hamburg & Way Ports] Sept.. 20
North Fcrk. . . Hurnbcldt ............ Sept. (20
Porno. Point Arena- & Albion. Sept. 20
San Juan.....] New York via Ancon.. Sept. 21
A u re 11 a Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 2X
Cooa Bay..... San Pedro & Way Pts Sept. 21
Columbian....] Portland &' Astoria.... Sept. 21
Gaelic, ..China & Japan Sept. 23
Centennial.... 1 Seattle fc Tacoma..... Sept. 23
City Pucbla...' Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 25
Nevadan. .... I Honolulu & Kahulul . . Sept. 25
SCHOONER EMMA CLAUDINA.
. WHICH HAS NOT BEEN HEARD
FROM IN MONTHS.
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
The three-masted schooner T>nm». Claudina,
which left Pu£et Sound last May for Baranoff
Island and has not since been heard of. has
been familiar along this coast for more than
twenty years. She is a vessel of 188 tons net
recister and was built in 1SS2 by Matthew
Turner at Benicia. She is owned by the
Cfcarjes Nelson Company of this city. She was
la food condition uhen she left Puget Sound
and in spite of the dangers w^hlch lurk in
Alaskan waters, her owners have confidence in
her safety. Her destination is beyond reach
by telegraph and the mail service from Baran
cfl is larjjely a matter of chance. •*-"•'-¦'¦
"Rmmfl Caudlna Well Known.
Among the leading topics to be dis
cussed at the coming session of the con
gress next month are waterways, har
bors, Panama canal, semi-arid regions,
merchant marine, trade with the
Orient, consular service, statehood,
railroad transportation, preservation of
forests, sugar industry, trade with,
Mexico, exports and imports through
the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific
Ocean, encouragement of . home manu
factures, good roads and drainage, the
Lewis and Clarke Exposition, the pro
posed • Federal \ Department of Mines
and Mining, trade with Alaska and
Canada and kindred matters-
Governor Pardee may appoint ten
delegates at large from thla State. The
cities are entitled to one delegate each
and one" delegate for every additional
5000 inhabitants.
Mr. Loveland was. a delegate last
year from California. He then realized
that there was a lack of understanding
amemg the California delegation. Mr.
Loveland has already been appointed
to represent several commercial organi
zations in this city.
The fifteenth session of the Trans-
Mississippi Commercial Congress will
be opened in St. Louis October 25 and
will continue five days. All the Pacific
Coast States will send delegates, also
Alaska, 'Arkansas, Arizona, Colorado,
Iowa, Idaho, Indian Territory, Kansas,
Louisiana, Minnesota, Montana, Mis
souri; Nebraska, Nevada^.New Mexico,
North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon,
South Dakota, Texas, Utah and Wyo
ming. These States and Territories are
represented each by one member in the
executive committee. The United Com
mercial Travelers and the Travelers'
Protective Association also are repre
sented each by one member of the com
mittee. .
H. D. Loveland, vice president for
California of the Trans-Mississippi
Commercial Congress, dias addressed
letters to Governor Pardee and to
Mayor Schmitz requesting them to
make early appointments for delegates
for the State of California and this city
to the congress, to the end that before
the delegates from California start for
St. Louis they may counsel together in
this city and so come to some under
standing, that they may act unitedly
for the good of the State.
There have been fourteen preceding
sessions of the Trans-Mississippi Com
mercial Congress. The first was held in
Galveston, Tex., in 1S90. Last year the
congress met at Seattle. There has
never been a session in this city. Or
dinarily the California delegates have
met^ for the first time after their ap
pointment on the cars as they jour
neyed to the city selected, for the con
gress. Under such circumstances there
has been little opportunity for discus
sion of home interests in advance.
General Agreement of State
Representatives on Plans
May Be Reached in Advance
PKOMPT ACTION NEEDED
Mrs. J. II. Arcr.at and three children, J.
Adams. Mrs. Adams and child, ilirs S. Boyer,
J. K. Brown. Mrs. J. K. Brown. F. W. Butler.
H. P. Dwyer, Professor J. E. Duerdon, Mrs.
Downing, A. Ferguson, WT A. Folcer. Mrs.
VT. A. Fclcer, J. Fassoth, Miss L. H. Gil
lette. W. XJ. Greig, E. Gaidzik, Mr*. J. Herd
and child. Dr. P. H. Keese, R. W. Kemp
efcall. Mrs. R. W. Kempshall. Miss Ken-.pshall,
A. C. Kellway. B. C L-ydecker. Mies A.
Locan. A. F. Ltuenins. Mrs. A. F. Luenlng.
airs. Love. Dr. Mays. E. J. Moses Jr., Miss
M. G. Mossman. J. Murphy. I. Mahoney, Mrs.
Captain Olsson and child, Miss L. E. «Perkins,
G. B. Reiraer. D. C. Shields, B. Stevenson. B.
Bteveris, MIes A. K. Sherman. J. J. Williams.
Miss Williams. E. C. Winston.
Among those that came up on the
liner were J. K. Brown, Commissioner
of Immigration at Honolulu. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Brown and has
come to the mainland on u vacation.
Professor J. E. Duerdon of Ann Arbor,
who has been at the islands studying
the coral formation, returned on the
Alameda. A. C. Kellway, an English
newspaper man. and B. Stevens, who
ar# making a tour of the world, wexe
passengers on the liner. R. C. Lydeck
er, who has been in charge of, the
United States Weather Bureau at Hon
olulu, came up on the Alameda. He is
on his way to Washington, D. C. R.
Stevenson, purchasing agent In the
Southern Pacific service, was another
of the Alameda's passengers.
One hundred and thirty Japanese
came from Honolulu on the Alameda.
The liner's passengers included the
following:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
llnex* Alameda, by whose going and
coming the people of Honolulu set
their clocks, arrived yesterday from the
Hawaiian port with a full cargo and
more than 200 passengers. Dr. P. H.
Kcese and a party of fourteen Ohio
JShriners returned on the liner from the
islands, where they have been having
a good time.
Brings Back a Large
Party of Ohio
bhnners.
Governor and Mayor Keceive
Eequest to Name Delegates
to a Commercial Congress
PREPARING WAY
FOR GATHERING
STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA ARRIVES FROM HONOLULU
CARRYING MORE THAN TWO HUNDRED PASSENGERS
THE- SAN FRANCISCO '/ C ALL/^W EDNESD AY, ; SEPTEMBER 14, 1904.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL, '
y<f a3>Sw *r»toia !•»?• and •>*• «lme»
/Wto^TS^ to arrive at
taGrsSSj SAN FRANCISCO.
N s>C \zS (Toot of Market Street.)
hat« - MAIN LINE. -a*»it,
700* VacartUe. Winters. Ramsey........ 7 50*
700 a Bealcta. Elralra aad Sacramento.. 7-20P
7-3OA ValleK >'»pv Callitoc*. SaaU
. Rosa. Martinet, Baa Ramon..... 8.20s»
W0a lines, Tracy. Latarop.8toc*rea.... 7-2Oi»
800ASh*»t» Kzpresa— (Yla Darlt).
Wiutans <fer Bartlett Springs).
Willows. tFrnto. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50*
•40A D»tU . Woodlaad, KalsaU Laodlaj,
MarytTtlle. Chtoo, OroTille 7-50<»
I-50A Port Coeta, Martinez. Antloca.
Byroa, Traej. Stockton, New- \
• maa. Lot Baaoe. Meadota.
; '. Armona, Baaford. Vlsalla.
Porterrtlle 4.20»
8 JOA Port Coata. Mode*!*. M arced.
Treaao, Ooahea Jaactloo. Haa*
ford. Vlsalla, Bakenfleld 4.S0O
• !0a Sites, Saa Jaw, Ll»ormore. Steak-
ton, (tMIltOB). lose. Sacrum eato,
MaryiTllle. Cbleo. Red B'.nff .... 420*
640a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. 8»- -
* aora, Taolumae and Aacels ..... 4-20»
800a AUantieKxareas— Ogd«a aad Kasa. 5 2Q>»
¦ 8-30A Richmond, Martntea aad Way
Stations , 8.50^
10 00a The Oyerlaad Limited — Ofden.
Omaha, Chicago, Dearer, Kaaaas
cur. st. touts «5S'
IOJOa Vallejo ;....;... tt.20*
10.00a Lot Angeles - Paas«BK«T — Port ¦
. ; . Costa, Martinez, Brraa, Tracy,
Lathroa. Stooktoa. Merced,
Kaymoaa. Fresno, Croahea Jnno-
tloa. Hinford, Lemoore, Vlsalla. _
Bakertfleld. Los Aageles 7.20b>
12.00m Harvard. Nlrea and Way Buttoaa. f 20p
ti-OOP SacrameBtoRtTW *te»mers. t11.§0">
IMP Bealcla. Winters. Sacrameata.
Woedlaad, WUlcws. Katghu
Land'.n*. M»ry»»l'le. OroTlJU
aad war station* >2-9S A
5J0P Hay ward. SUs* asd Way BtaUoas.. 75Oi»
4C0p Martl&es,BaaKamoB.ValleJo»Naaa >
Callttcga. 8»ntaRot». ? Ma
400p SSlea. Tracy.'StoektaB. Ladl ...... 4.M»>
4J0P H»y ward. Sllef. Irrlajtoa. Saa » tt-50A
Jese. LlTermore | H 1.50a
S80pTb» Owl Wmlttd— Kewmaa. Las
Baaos. Mendois. Ttesao. Talara.
*"' Bakersaera.LosABg«les. SSOA
tS30oH*rwtrd, Klle» tad s«a Jote ..... 7.20a
|.00p Ha>warc. KQes aad Saa Jom. 850a
800pE»stera Express— Ogden. Omaaa,
Chirac x Deatsr, Kaasaa City,
H t. LohIs, via Martin ez. Stockton.
S»cr»meata. Col fa z. Reno 12.S0P
8.00p V»n«jo, dally. except Sunday.. .. I 7 Kn -
7 JOp Valiejo. 8ondky ealy f 7<M *
7 .OOP Klchmond. Saa Pablo, Port Costa.
¦ Martlaea and Way Sutloas 11.20a
7X0PBeae Passenger— Port Costa, Sut-
san, Elmlra. Darls. Sacrameato.
Tnckee, Lake Tabeei. Reno,
Tonosaa. Sparks 7.80a
t.05PF«rt Costs, Martlaes, Byroa,
Tracy. Lathrop. Moieito,
M arced. Be rends, Fresno aad
Way Stations beyoad Port Coata 12-20»
• 05p Tos«mlte Taller, tU Bereaaa and
t_ Wawoaa 8.50A
8O5PMsrUnei.Trtc/, Stockton ...... 10.29*
8 OSp Oregon 4k California Kxpreas— 8ao-
rameato, MarysTlUe. Reddlas.
Fortlaad. Puget Sound aad Kaat. 860 a
8.10* H»rw»rd. Nile* and Saa Jose (3aa-
dayoaly) .. 11^0a
COAST LINE (S»rr»w 8up)>
(Toot ef Market Street.)
7.45 a Santa Crna ExcarsloaOnaday only) S-10*
8.18a Kewark. Centenrllle. Ban Joae,
relton. Boulder Creek, BUBasla. .
8aaU Cru and Way Statloaa... |.So>
t9-15A Alvarado. Kewark, Saa Jose, Loa
Gstos.GIen-wtiod, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Bl? Baala. SaaU Croa.... LIOp
t2.15p Kewark. Ceaterrtlle. Saa Jote.
Kew Almadea.Los Gatos.Fsitoo,
Boalder Creek, 8aata Crax and
Principal Way Stations 1915a
«1Bp Newark. Saa Joie. Loa Oatos tS.5SA
4.15P Wright, Boalder Creek sad Saata
Cruz. Saturday and Snaday only. 68 65 a
COAST LINE (Braasi baage).
qr (Third aadVowasead Streets.)
/ 8.10a 9»a Jose aad Way Statloas 8.30 p
t7 00a San Jote and Way Stations... S.40P
7.15a Monterey and 8anu Crm Exonr-
slon.(8aflday only) 10-SOp
8 00a Kew Almaden (Taes, Frld.. only), 4.10P
800a The Coaster— Saa Jose. Ssllns*.
Baa Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa
Margarita, San Lais Oblspo.Saata
Barbara. Ban BuenaTentara.
MontalTO, Oxaard, Borbaak, Los
Aageles : 1&4a>
8.00a Gllroy, Holllster. CastroTille, Del *
Monte, Paelac Grove, Sarf, Lom-
poo .:. 10-45>
S.COa Ban Jose. Tres Plnos,WatsoBTflle.
Cssltela. Saata Crvx. PaelSe
Grove, StJtnts. San Luis Oblapo
. and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10P
10J0A Saa Jese and Way Statloaa. 1.20s»
11 Saata Clara, San Joie, Las Oatoa
aad Way Buttons 7.30p
1 30p San Jose aad Way 8tatloas ....... 8-3Sa
tJXCpDel Jlonts Kx»reas (except 8aa-
day)— Santa- Clara, Saa Jote.
Wstaoavllle, Santa • Crux. Del
Moate. Monterey. Pacific Grove. tl2.15f»
ZZOp Barllngame, San Jote. Ollror, Hol-
ltster. Tres Plsos,PaJaro,wataoa-
vine. Capltola, Saata Crax, Cs*-
trovllle. Saltnas. Paelac Grove... 1 045 a
4.30P Has Joso aad Way Stations t8.00A
tS OOP Santa Clara. Saa Jose, Loe Gatoa,
Wright and principal Way Bta-
Uona (except Bandar) :. It-OOA
|5-30p SanJote»ndFrlnclp«SWsySutlons 19.40a
6 45p Sunset Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jose, OllroT.Ssllnas.Psso Roblea,
San Lois Obit go. Saata Barbara,
Los Aageles, Demiag. El Pud,
Kew Orleans, New York 7.10a
B.45p Falaro. Watsoavfll*. Capttola, I - ,_ „
Saata Crux. CMtrortUa. D«J>J!2-52-
Monte, Pacific- Grove |T1Q-4aP
1815P liaaMateo,Ber«aford,Belmoat,Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MealoPiri. Palo Alto t«-«SA
8 30p 8«a Jote and Way Statlona. IM\
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Button* 10.15a
1 1 .30 P Sooth S »n Frmad tco, M ill brte. Bar*
Jiagsme, 8aa Mateo, Behnoat,
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka>
Memo Park, aad Pale Alto...... 8.43p
all 30PM*ya*sld, Mouauln View, Svaay-
- ' vale, Lawrence, Saata Clara aad ,
„ aaJoae tSAtm
A for Morning. P for Aftaraoeaj. "*
t S onday eseeatec. t Saaday anlr. ,
* Saturday oaly. t> Monday only.
JStops at all atatloma ea laaaay.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY OOKPAXT.
Tlburoa rexry. Poot ef atazxeft 8tr««m*
SAW 7BAJTCZSCO TO SAJT BAPA0S1W
WEEK DATS— T:SO. 8:00, »:00. 11:00 a, m.."
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 5:50; 8:30 aad U:W
' Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 ip. m.
8TJNDATS-— 7:80, 8:00. 9:30, ll:0O a. m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40, 5:1a 8.30, 11:30 p. m.
SAS RAPAEI. TO SAH* PRA2f CISCO.
WEBK DATS— «:(«,¦ 8:80, 7:35. T:6O. 9:J0,
fiiia a. m!Tl2:^ taTBo. 8:40. 8:00. 5:20^
8:2fl p. m. ifW 11 S\mtimSm
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. ea.
BTJNDATB— «:3O, T:33, 9:20, 11:15 a. m., 1:45.
8:40. 4:90, 0:00. 8:20.. «:Z5. 7:SO p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect * t Arrive
Baarran, | May 1. 1904. [ 8an Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sua- I Week
Days. J days. I tlon. 1 days, f Days.
I 7:30a T:45a, T:45*
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Isnadaw 10:20* ld:2»a.
2:30 p 2:30 p «:»P « : »P
-5:10 p 5:10 p «:20P t:25w
7:25 p
8:43 p
7-30 a 7*30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8i00a 8i0Qa Norat*. . 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma J^^ 2 : 2? p
5:10? 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
B:10p Santa Roaa. 8:43 p ¦
7.30. 7 -30 a " 10:20 a 10:20 a
sloSa Sic?* Fulton. T:25p 8:20 p
»:3Op 2:3Op 8 p . T:25t>
Windsor. ¦ -v
TSOa T:30a Healdsburs;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 8:50 p Oeyservllle. 7:25p 7:25 9
' Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 at Hopland J10:2O a|10:» a
»;30 p| 2:30 pl »nd Uktah. | 7 :3S pj 7:35 9
" ~~*T '¦ T~ wunts. • ¦ j T~"
7:30 at 7:30 a| Sherwood.' f 7:25 pj 7:28 9
g-OO al 8:00 al GuernevUle and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2-30 pl 2:30 Pi Camp VagaUon. \ 8:43 p| 8:20 p
8:00 at 8:00a ~~ 8:40a 8:40a
B-IOd 8:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 8:20 p
5:10 p Chn Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a| ~ |10:2O a!10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for WWt»
Sulphur 8prtnss and Mark West Springs; at
Pulton for Burk«'a Sanitarium: at Lytton fgr
Lytton Springs: at Owservllle for Skacg*
Spring* : at Cloverdala for the Oysera. Booae-
vUla'and Greenwood^ at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs Highland Springs. ReJseyville. Carls -
bad Sprtngs; Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
SnriuM- at Uklah for Vichy Springs, aaratoaja
sSrlnia.' Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring-: UPPW* Lake. Porno Potter Valley.
S«hn Day's 1 Btverslda. Uerley*s. Bucknell's,
Banhedlin HiUhW. ' HuUvllle. - Orr-s Hot
•Snrinirs Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Ifevena Hopkins. Metwloclno City. Fort Brag*.
Weatport Uaal; at Wllllta for Fort^ Bragg.
Westoort Slwrwood. Cahto. Covelo. I-flton-
4iUe. Oinunlna. BeU's SPrtaga. Harris. OlatrA
Syejf. • Oarbervillo, Pepperwood. Scotia and
to Monday roued-trip ticket* it r«-
dU On d Bt»Sy»— Rotind-trip UekeU to ail points
be^t to <^^ a Mirk^t "^SU Chronic,.
¦?%SPi}:TKAm K-X^RTAK.. .
Gen, Manager. <3o Pu*> Aft ;
Special Sale of
Leather Goods
S4.OO. ' •
POK THIS 24-IN. 3VEATHEB SUIT
CASH.
Above is one of the special offers
we are making: for the next ten days.
We would be glad to have you look
over our line. It's the best and most
complete assortment In the market.
Trunks, Bags and Suit Cases.
A. B. Smith Co.,
; 116 Ellis, near Powell.
=|i|g Painless!
H Painless Finings 25c |
a Painless Crowns $3.50 1
II Full Set of Teeth $4.00 gj
I "VAN VR09M" I]
Sixth and Market jj
d visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
ShUSEUH OF IMflTOMY^
A Q& 1531 U1SXZ7 K. tot 6t «•», S.r.Cal. 6
V Cj^ The Lureeti Aaateatlcal Mmcusi In tb* \
A t Tt- 1. ' Vf'aiid. V. •»«»«?««« er »nj coamctad Q
Q >B v'j 5 i?eei*H»t«a tUeCoitt H«L 3* ye«ti. 0
A R&fi&l DR. JOSOAM-OISEASES CF MEN A
•\ B C?v!5^ Conia):»t»a tm tad ftricrty printo \
A I TVk/H Trw-neot pcnaulijr er by letter. A m
" fl 1/ ""1 H font'** C*rt in iTtry c»3« oodertikeB. T
APS \\sS V.me for l»«i. pmi.»i«PBV of
V I i| 1% aiKBUCiK, MAILHD !'»««. UT
<1 ii valuable Book for Bira) \
V t>B. JOBDAS * CO.. 1051 Market iSt. 8. F. V
"DR.PIERCES j
GOLDEN ;
MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
- FOR THE
¦ rflQQD, BUYER. LUNGS. j
T5DTTCUT7C for barbers, ba-
DuUuliillJ ker «. bootblacks, bath-
T hcuses. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy maker*, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
han,'rr«, printers, painters, shoe factories,
rtablemen. ¦ tar-roof er», tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN 3203..
Bttujb Maauf acturers. 609 Sacramaato St.
sjdgaB^m MENANDWOMElt.
<«S^^CCBZS^^a Cse Big 43 for nnnatnral
iJ^Sf In 1 to 5 4»tvV3 dl*cbarg««,inflatutnationa,
CgSjy Oaarsaucd H irritatlane or alcsratloal
fittU not to •irlctor.. of mucouj msmbraota.
]p*^4i l"r.wB«« CobUcUb. Painieis, and not aJtrla-
b% >T>;£ tMH3 CHtMICtlCa. «eat or poieononi. "
Vc9i oiicixaATi.o.K'Si ««»«» »»y »«««•*
l«a<A. ua «. %*ik <»r unt in plain wrapper.
ANeis^V^ bT »xpnti, prepaid, for
V*ttaK3SBra&in3 •i.oo.*r»b*uiMtt.7».
•» *3 ciroula/ tect on reaneat
WARK?TbTi S^^SS^
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zb the only our* for Neraraai aad
: Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your l>ruK£lst or at bus HAlGKT ST..
• .•'¦'.;. Ban Francisco. Cal. ¦
RAII.'»VAY TItA^^EIl.
•ftf -rnaic~L^
W^ q A l i f oWn 1 A
M LffVHTED TO CHICAGO |
| LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
m at J) ::5O a. m., thronffh In 3 d»7«. B
wita din« aad all trapplnysj. g
Other Santa P« Train*:
7:30 a. m.l toT gtockton, Fresno, Bakerafleld.
8-00 p. Sj Merced. Hanford and VlsaUa.
4 00 p! m. for Stockton.
g-00 p. m. for Kansaa City. Grand Canyon an*
Chlcaeo. -
TICKET OPriCES — 641 Market St. aad
Perry »epot, 8. F. Also 1U3 Broad-
way. Oakland. C*l. 27 South Pint St.
Sun Jo«e. ¦' .
fi^giP^» To SM RAFAEL.
Kffl^W ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
j^j^^^^^S^-S* Via Sanaallto Parry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE,
-nanart from San FrancUco, week days, at
8-30 V 10. T -43. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00^! m.
I1W0 at m. Sausallto only). 12:20. l;4fi, 3 : i 5t
i-Jio 4-35 6:l». 6:60, 6:25. 7:15. »:00/lO:2flL
?{%»' ni. Sundays and l«sal holidays depart
It 7-10 7:45.-8:30. 0:15. 10:00, 11:00. uT3
« ro U:20. 1:00. 145. 2:30. 3:18. 4:00, 4:3a.
S;l™"5:50, «:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10;20. utS
P 'Ar»lve at San Francisco, week days, 6:17,
,00 7:35. 8:13. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. l^oo'a. m .l
«% 1:25, 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 5:08, 5x40. «:15.
6 r 55.'7:55. 10:06. 11:25 p. tn. On Sundaya and
leBal holidays extra trains-arrive at 12:45, 2:03.
s • 50 P. rn. Sif'ils-^t' t v<! ' . .
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a, m..
<t-is d m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7145.8:13. 10:0a 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. l:4fl
P ' "'. ' . THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:45 a. m. dally— Caiadero and way autlona.
"9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
• 3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Cum-
dero, etc. ¦
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc,
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market at.
FERRY-^Union Depot, foot of Market sL
• ' " • ' , .t...
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
: . Le«v« Th taasalite r«ry| * Ait1t»
6an yranciaeo r«et «f Martrt ft. ftm Tranclaesv
W««k | Ban- '^fflBsW.'" 8uu- tWtek
"~rr:"r3oi @$wM8b 12=45 P * *.*&».
10:00a iSanSBHr 2:0Sr*1t:0oa
COrOOA 11:00 a \&»C^T 3:35 r 3:35*
•:48rl2;20r »:«f 6:1ii
¦ :lkr 1:*8f 6:13 r IftMi
4;38r| -^7. • «:BQr ....„•..
»fhfn»HT8ir, '¦•'? -•* T laaMtfah tt IP ¦*«¦>,¦
Ticket: 1836 Uxun Health Boor* BaUr^S.
Omcu l«ad Bavsauxo n»T t foot Uvdut 8*.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
- 8teamer« leave Broadway
/eS^<Rc\ wharves (piers 9 and U).
/»7_ >Jj\ ** an Francisco:
(Q./ vte*3"*fc V*\- For Ketchlkan. Wrang-el.
I / \Tv*t«2l I I Juneau- Halnes. SkagMay.
I V VPn^a / / p tc. Alaska'— 11 a. m. Sept.
\w^- \V*T»y ; 18 « 17> ¦ 22 ' 27 - °<*o**r 2.
VJftvJl^VtJ/ Change to this' company's
\Ai|Qy5W/ «t*amers at Seattle.
.¦ For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Bel.
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22, 27, Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. f
For Kureka (Humboldt. Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13. 19, 25. October 1; Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10, IB, 22. 28, October 4.
For Los Angelea (vla v Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dleco and Santa Barbara —
Santa i Uosa. - Sundaya, 9 a.m. ¦
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
j For . Los Anceles (via San Pedro and East
San I Pedro); Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
• Bonita; 0 a. m., Sept. 12, 20. 28, October 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 1«.*24, October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo. ' Mazatlan. ' Altata, La . Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Hex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to change steamers or sailing- dates.
TICKET OPPICES — i New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel); 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D- * DUNANN. ; General Passenger Agent.
" 10 "J-'arket »t.. San Francltco.
The Pacific Tranattr Co., 20 Sutter st* will
call - for and eheck baggage . from I hotels and
residences. Tejf phone Exchange 313. >. '
COMFAGSIE 6EKERAL2 TRAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT ; LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j>^k_*,
Bailing every Thursday Instead of .i&llSV
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42,
T North River, foot of Morton st. -
• First class to Havre. $70 and upward. . Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA ' 32 ¦ Broadway (Hudson building),'
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket A gtnts.
Ifi r fSS<ILl9>49.Vll« 2EAIANC ill 8TDNEV
8 8 MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Sept. 14," 11 a; ra.
s's ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 17. 11 a_m.
6 S " SONOMA.' ' for Honolulu. - Samoa, Auck-
"l»nd and Sydney, Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 p.m.
I B.SPEECKELSiBZ03. CO., A£lis.,TiCjCSt 0ffiC3 6iJ iir-
fei - : : Frelgftt 01C8 389 MarKtt St., Pig 7, PasiSc . si
To ij. S. Havy Tard ai4 v Vallejo. /
Stmr. H. ' J. Corcoran— Leaves , S. • P.. ¦> foot of
Clay J St.. north : end ferry bldg.— Week ., days,
0-30U M., « and »8 P. M.: Sundays.' »:30
A * M 8 • P. • M. Leaves > Vallejo— Week daya.
« -60 A. M., 12;20 and -5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 3
P' M. ¦" Fare, • 25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Olen Cove and Martintx,
Wa, round, trip. PIPER, ADEN, GOODALL
CO. ' Phone Main 641. 'Saturday exempted.
i'.iTo, 1 !!. S-iHavylTar* and Vallejo. •_'-
Stmrs. General Friable. Mootlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a. ro., 12:30, 3:15, 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Sun.);
' Sundays, 9:45*. m.; 8 :30 p. m. ¦ L*ave Vallejo
7, 9 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days, .7 a. m.: 4;15 p. m. Pier, 2., foot . Mis-"
*lon street ; \ phone Main 1608. HATCH B ACS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1-1, 190,4.
A FEW MINUTES WITH THE STORY TELLERS
THE BRIDAL OF THE SEAS
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
The man who does not register *by September 28 finds himself
in the same class with the* aliens, Indians and idiots.
The ; estimated'-* receipts and expenses
of ' the; city - J of Paris for "1905^'amount
for the , ordinary services to 1 6 6| 1 4 3,
035, against J64,433.370linvl904^ ?
Special information supplied -daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Pr-ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal.
lfornia street. . Telephone Mais 1041, •
. v Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c 79 4th sL.
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
When the Russian traffic destroyer Lena sailed into the harbor
Sunday it took the Merchants' Exchange lookout 'over half : an;hour
to decipher her name. This is but another argument for a world
volapuk. > " .
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
RAILWAY SPEED— Old Reader,
Oakland, Cal. During the Zozcn t«st
with electric locomotives in Germany
in 1902 a speed of 140 miles per hour
was attained, this being maintained
for a considerable distance.
BERLIN, Aug. 25.— Kaiser -Wilhelm
believes that royalty should be
useful as well as ornamental? and
in accordance with that favorite
doctrine of • his he Vas Just ordered
two; princes of the royal Prussian fam
ily to go to Manchuria as : military ob
servers on behaif of the German army.
One of them Is his ¦'•> brother-in-law,'
Prince Frederick Leopold of Prussia,* a
Prussian '. cavalry • general, who Is
married .-•' to 'the : Princess Sophie
Luise^ of y Schleswig ;-'HoisteIn,; (a
sister : of 'the. 7 Germanj*" Empress.
Prince .'v* ..; Frederick* ;; •'•Leopold": 'will
Special Correspondence.
NORTHWEST PASSAGE—Subscrib
er, Oakland. Cal. The first record of
an attempt to find a northwest passage
was that of a Portuguese, named Corte
Real, about 1500.
PRUSSIAN PRINCES YFHOM'EM
•: PEROR WILLIAM HAS SENT TO
WATCH WAR IN MANCHURIA.
KEEPETH NOT MY WORDS—
Subscriber, Lower Lake, Cal. "He
that loveth me not. keepeth not my
words," is from the New Testament,
John xiv:24.
A nuptial feast is spreadnlg
/)n Panama's far shore.
With such a show of bounty
As ne'er has been before.
The bright and fair Pacific
The bonny bride will be ,
•Who weds the proud Atlantic, '
The restless. Eastern sea.
He's coming on to claim her:
The wedding garment's spun
Of opalescent. wave-crests
A-shlmmer in the sun.
The mist that hides the hilltops f-
Will be the wedding veil.
All. caught wi£h pearls and coral
And laced with sea-ferns pale.
A shore of snowy whiteness
Will be the altar rail
Banked deep with palms and roses
And hung with, orchids frail.
The wind," who loves the oceans.
: The wedding march will play
Upon the strings of heaven.
Just at the dawn of day.
The nations will bet bidden
. From every- foreign •¦ shore.
And echoes, from the .wassail
-Will ring forevermore; . ,
For ¦ chosen* from these nations •
=.: Our. own 'shall tie the band
That joins these eager oceans ,-
Across the neck of land. -..
—Leslie's Weekly.
THE NEGRO VOTE.
Senator Clapp of Minnesota is by
reason of his personal appearance fre-
r T"*HE International Peace Congress will hold its thirteenth ses-
I sion in Boston during the first week of October. Thither dele
¦**• gates from a majority of the civilized countries of the world are
to betake themselves in unselfish humanitarian devotion to the cause
of the nations' good. Though the unlucky number of their con
vention seems to be signalized by a war the bloodiest of the genera
tion, these devotees to the fostering of universal peace will, by the
very fact of their convocation, give earnest of the growth of better
ideals in the world's councils.
The work of this peace congress and of like "international arbi
tration associations must be one of long and arduous education,
fraught with many rebuffs and great discouragements. Theirs is a
vision which has been before the eyes of idealists through long years
of battling and turmoil and has yet refused to down. In the early
years of the last century the Holy Alliance gave at first high promise
of the fulfillment of the longed-for wish,' but proved to be nothing
but an engine of tyranny under the artful hand of Metterriich. At
the end of the century came the establishment of The Hague tri
bunal, a definite triumph at last for the cause of peace, though one
failing of some of the hoped-for results. This js at least a substantial
mile post in the progress of the campaign of peace.
With the spirit of militarism still strong among the nations and
the prospect of universal peace yet in the far horizon, the inter
national congress may, nevertheless, find work to do in alleviating
the horrors of war. Out of the present Far Eastern conflict there
have arisen questions touching. the inhumanity of some modern en
gines of destruction which will probably find hearing before -The
Hague Court when the noise of conflict has ceased. Strong utter
ances upon these subjects on the part of the International Peace
Congress would surely be given respectful audience there.
THE INTERNATIONAL PEACE CONGRESS.
"Well, if she could sew with that
thing I don't wonder Antony fell in
love with her. With a needle like that
a stitch in time would save a^ mil
lion!'.' — Philadelphia Ledger.
Simeon Ford was showing a hotel
keeper from up the State some of the
beauties of Central Park.
"What's that monument over
there?" inquired the stranger, point
ing to the obelisk.
"That is Cleopatra's Needle," re
plied Mr. Ford.
.The rural bonlface gazed at it long
and thoughtfully. Finally he re
marked:
A WONDERFUL NEEDLE.
HOLLERS IX DIFFERENT PLACES.
Judge E. H. Gary, chairman of the
executive committee of the steel trust,
used to live in (he Illinois town of
"Wheaton.
"One day. in Wheaton." Judge Gary
said recently, "I took dinner with a
clergyman and his family. The clergy
man had an eight-year-old son called
Joe, and Joe was a very bright boy.
** 'Look here, Joe,* I said during the
course of the dinner. 'I have a ques
tion to ask you about your father.*
"Joe looked gravely at me.
" 'All right; I'll answer your ques
tion.' he said. ES5S9
"'Well,' -said I, 'I want to know if
your father doesn't preach the same
sermon twice sometimes.*
" 'Yes, . I think he does." said Joe,
•but the second time he always hol
lers In different places from what he
did the first time.' " — Boston Post.
He yelled lustily for help, and a
farmer came along and pulled him
out. %
"How did you come to fall in?"
inquired his rescuer.
"I didn't come to fall in," replied
the dripping preacher. . "I came to
fish." — Boston Post.
At a banquet last season Thomas
Jefferson told of a clergyman who
went fishing. He, was perched in a
precarious position" -.'when he got a
bite, and in his excitement he fell into
the stream.
Confederate brigadier.
Thinking to have a little fun with
the darky the Senator asked:
"What are your politics. Tom?"
"Dere. is some fool niggers, sah."
Tom replied, "in dia company who is
Republicans, but 1*11 tell you. boss. I
ain't no fool nigger." — New York Her
ald.
quently mistaken for a Southerner.
He tells of an amusing Incident that
occurred on a train on which he was
a passenger. ,
The Senator observed that the por
ter eyed him narrowly several times,
evidently taking the statesman for a
join General Km-opatkin's head
quarters and report operations from the
Russian side. Prince Karl Anton of
Hohenzollern, a first cousin of the
Kaiser, has been commissioned to at
tach himself to Field Marshal Oyama's
staff and; observe events from the Jap
anese ranks. Prince Karl Anton, al
though, only 36 years old, has already
attained the rank of major-general and
is an active, member of the German
general staff.
Prince Frederick Leopold of Prussia
goes to worjc at the front very much
against his will, according to the Ber
lin newspapers. He is a leisure-loving,
scion of royalty and had settled down
for a comfortable summer at his mag
nificent country estate at Klein. Glien
icke, near Potsdam. He has the. repu- |
tation of shunning military dutj* as far
as possible, although he comes from
high-class martial stock, hfs father,
the late Prince Frederick Karl, known
during the Franco-German war as the
"Red Prince," ori account of his fero
cious blond beard, having beon one of
the most dashing of leaders on the vic
torious German side. Prince Frederick
Karl is an ardent automobilist and
equestrian and the' palace ; grounds at
Klein Glienicke are fitted up with pri
vate driving paths and, automobile
tracks, where his royal highness
amuses himself in almost hermit-like
style. The Kaiser's summons to pack
mp and hustle to the sun-broiled firing
line in Manchuria came as a complete
surprise and the atmosphere at Klein
Glienicke is said in consequence to have
been surcharged with strong language
when; the Imperial command, which, of
course, brooks no declination, reached
the , premises. That Prince Frederick
Leopold intends to travel and work
with as much luxury as possible, nev
ertheless,: is apparent from the an
nouncement that his ! suite for Man
churia will consist-. of eight/servants
and four specially chosen horses. His
Royal Highness will leave Berlin ; for
Manchuria, via St. Petersburg and the
Trans-Siberian ' railway, soon. At* the
I Russian, capital he will stop .to, pay
the Kaiser's compliments to the Czar.
The, Prince Is 39, years old. ,',.'. > !
Prince Karl Anton, /who will keep his
eye -on' Japanese : tactics and strategy,
is every inch a soldier and his appoint
ment for active service as military at
tache in. the Far East is said to be wel
comed by him heartily. He is regarded
as '- one of Germany's - most promising
young 'officers. He is married -to : Prin
ces s- Josephine of ; Belgium, a niece; of
King ; Leopold. , The , Prince is ' a well
known and favorite character In Berlin,
where he is often seen walking or* driy-'
irigr. and ; has a reputation for extreme
amiability. "He does not y; look like
Prince Henry. ; of : Prussia. Tall and
slender,: he cuts a da'shing figure in his
uniform as general of Uhlans" of;Prus
sian; Lancers/ and is, in every respect
the high type* of 'German officer.
"A Fool .Woman" is no fool at all, judged by the standard of
sense on this subject as fixed by public opinion. But judged by the
standard of official-indifference to forest preservation, she,is', and so
arc we all, fools and blind. /
Not long ago The Call congratulated the State that the sum
mer had passed in California with no destructive forest fires. Since
then conflagrations have attacked and marred or destroyed some of
the finest forests in the Coast Range, and nearly invaded to obliterate
the State Redwood Park, in the Big Basin. That primitive forest
¦was reached by a road that was delightful in every mile. Now that
highway lies blistering through a blackened waste, from which all
beautv has been burned..
Respectfully, A FOOL WOMAN.'.'
We are not able to answer that. Perhaps in the distant future
there may arise an association, fashioned on the present Landmarks
Society, to be called "The Forest Relic and Stump Savers," with the
object of saving the stumps as evidence that we once had forests. If
our correspondent rely on legislation to save the stumps, they will
not be saved. Public opinion, the press, clubs and associations have
dinned for a quarter of «t century for legislation to save the forests
from fire without interfering with their commercial use. After being
cut for lumber the forests would renew themselves, if some simple
and inexpensive precautions were taken to keep them from burning.
But all appeals have been met with indifference and the destruction
increases every vear.
THE CALL is in receipt of the following letter from San Jose:
"Editor Call: Now that our forests are about gone, what
are our able legislators going to do about preserving the stumps?
AN INQUIRY.
"If you ask, 'Why* do they receive
such small pay?'* the reply is, 'The
employer knows they will get the tips
and counts on it J and again you are
assured that tips are wages and should
not be withheld.
"But a few minutes' consideration
shows that not only are tips not wages,
but they destroy wages. Wages are a
definite sum* 1 agreed upon by employer
and worker. To pay them is an obli
gation, to receive them is a right. : A
tip is a favor, a charity. It can be
given or withheld at will. Its be
stower swears with self -satisfied benev
olence. Its receiver, a true flunky,
graduates his thanks to match the
amount of, the gratuity. A tip is not
wages, for no man has a-t right to ; de
mand it; He can only cringe and kow
tow, in the hope of not missing it.*
"Nor does the amoun^ gained offer
any atonement for the manhood sacri
ficed in the getting. The steamer
stewards are more favored and- more
arrogant than the man beyond seas.
In Germany you may give your, street
car conductor ' a small coin worth . one
and a fourth cents; in accent
will be accepted; and^ ; the. haughty
Britisher only stands out for "tup
pence/. Of course : the tips run _ from
these trifles up, and sometimes high up
—and 'that's the way the money goes.'
"But it was. after , all, the small tips
that shocked^ me: most To 'think that
men, ' full ¦ grown,"' white, civilized,, free
men— not chUdren : . nor . Filipinos », nor
savages nor slaves— would take a one
cent ; charity and say 'Thank you'
for it. ; ¦ ;.¦ ¦'."• .V .:-¦ y _
\ "It "made me heartsick and ashamed
to see I It. ; I blushed to think ' that they
hadn't ; the* self-respect to blush for
themselves."
"When you remonstrate against this
continual tax you are met with the
argument, 'The poor things get very
little and they must live. You are
really paying them wages and it Is un
fair not to give it.' ' " ,.'." »
"I have just returned from a trip
through Europe where I naturally
made frequent comparisons between
the status of the foreign worker . and
that of his American brother.
"One of the most noticeable differ
ences is the constant presence of the
man with his hand out for a tip. When
you leave the steamer fully ten people
expect to be 'remembered.' Of these
fully half consider $2 or less an open
insult, to be resented by. marked in
solence of manner and only a $5 bill
can move them to thanks. . ,
"At every hotel from eight to a dozen
tip-hunters shadow the departing guest
and he is expected to go the rounds.
"Nor is this all. If you hire a car
riage you are expected to .tip the
driver. If you ask" the street car con
ductor'a question or request him to
call your street you must give him a
fee. When you take a boat ride you
pay for your ticket and pay the man
who takes it from you. If you inquire
your way of a passerby you dip your
hand in your pocket, as you do so.
You tip the clerk in the store, the man
who delivers your goods, the postman,
the policeman and, . for aught I know
to the contrary, the doctor, the. lawyer
and the preacher. I heard it said that
'every one in Europe will take a tip
except the crowned heads,' but I am
not at all 'prepared to admit the. ex
ception. »
Lydia K. Commander, in the Ameri
can Federationist, says: . \
but they are considered better and are
sold on the easy payment plan. Consul
General Dickinson, in a recent report,
says that more than two-thirds of the
10,000 machines sold in Constantinople
in 1903 were oi American make, one
fourth were German and the rest
divided between England, Austria-
Hungary and France.
. The American company sells on
credit, being satisfied with a minimum
weekly installment of 40 cents.
. American methods of doing business
have helDed to flood Constantinople
with sewing machines, . They cost more
than those sent from other countries,
OUR SEWING MACHINES
POPULAR IN TURKEY
HERE'S A TIP ABOUT
TIPPING IN EUROPE
GERMAN PRINCES
OF ROYAL BLOOD
SENT TO FAR EAST
To take the medicinal properties of
tea. they are in a great measure bene
ficial, aspecially as a stimulant, with
out being harmful, as coffee and alco
hol are. Tea is undoubtedly a food,
and if it is properly made and is taken
with milk it has only the most benefi
cial effects on the drinker.
It may not be generally known that
people who Imagine they canot drink
tea have been surprised to find that
they can -when they use milk, instead
of drinking it, as is customary in this
country, either without milk or with a
slice of lemon floating in the tea. Tea
is goodafor the throat. It is an antidote
for malaria and is found beneficial in
cases of extreme fatigue. The Egyptian
campaign under General Lord Kitch
ener was a teetotal one, tea only being
carried in the water bottles of the sol
diers. In South Africa the war was
fought on tea. To-day both the Rus
sians and the Japanese are during the
hot weather using tea as their only
drink, a sustaining and quickly resus
citating one.
have as a rule very pretty and delicate
skins, which are free from any spot or
blemish.
I overheard the other day one of '
America's pretty girls remark that she
"never drank tea because she thought
ty was veTy indigestible and that it was
bad for the complexion," writes Mrs.
Hart Davis in the Chicago Journal.
Now, this is a great mistake that most
of the American women make. The
best way to show the fallacy is to draw
attention to some of the prettiest and
most beautiful girls in the world, who
are found in Ireland, where they drink
tea nearly all day long and have the
most peachllke complexions of any
girls known.- Again, if you go to Eng
land, Scotland or Wales everywhere
'you will see fresh, rosy-cheeked girls,
and it would' be quite an exception to
see a sallow or pale-faced woman un
less >she is a consumptive or suffering
from some dire disease. Yet all these
girls drink large quantities of tea every
day.
In Russia, where the girls have very
rosy cheeks, ' as you doubtless are
awarei large quantities of tea are con
sumed by all those who can afford to
buy it. To proceed to the Orient, the
Indian and Ceylon nautch and other
girls, although dark in complexion,
BEAUTIFUL GIRLS BIG TEA DRINKERS
COPYRIGHT, 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL..
MR. HEARST prints, in his Examiner, an appeM in behalf of the
raisin-growers of California, declaring that failure to market
their crop would "mean distress to many thousands of hard
working people who have made a garden out of a desert and deserve
well of their fellow-citizens." As they have not issued an address to
the American people in behalf of their industry, he announces that
the Hearst papers will do it for them, which they will no doubt duly
appreciate.- He then proceeds to do it, addressing the American peo
ple as follows: V . . i_ t.
"We are a community of good American citizens, who have
built up a great industry intended to supply you with a cheap and
wholesome article of food. A few years ago you had to send to
Europe for the raisins you wanted. To-day they are produced abun
dantly by your fellow-'citizens, who are selling them at much lower
prices than you had to pay to the importers. But for some reason
vou arc not buying them." •
Whatever the facts may be about the failure to purchase raisins
and consume them in sufficient quantities, the other statements of the
Hearst appeal are correct. The domestic raisin is as good v as the
imported, or better. Before it was grown here people paid about
three times as much for their raisins, imported from Spain. In order
to give the California raisin a chance, the tariff on the imported
raisin was put at 5 cents a pound. The Wilson tariff of 1894 re
duced it to one and a half cents. The Dingley tariff, denounced in
the present Democratic platform, raised it to two and a half cents.
Under this prices have betn satisfactory until now, from some cause,
there is a failure io take the whole output, with injury to prices.
Raisin-growing has been a tariff bred industry entirely. The
Democratic press in the feast has denounced a tariff on raisihs every
time the subject has been under discussion. The protectionists have
always contended that protection would cheapen -the article. When
the importer had control of our raisin market Mr. Hearst admits that
he charged a higher price than California raisins have sold for at a
profit to their producers. Therefore it is plain that if the market
is again given to the importers and our raisin production ceases,
Americans will soon be paying* a higher price for their raisins.
It is to be regretted that our raisin-growers are not finding a
place for their stock. The cause, .we are persuaded, is temporary.
But if "theirobber tariff" were taken off, the foreign product would
first undersell and destroy the California raisin industry, 'and then
up would go the price again. It was the same with steel rails, tin
and a great variety of American industries, which were germinated
here by protection, with the result of lowering the price to the Amer
ican consumer. It may be that the present raisin tariff is too low,
and we suggest to Mr. Xee'dham, who represents Fresno^in Congress,
that he look into it, and if necessary get the rate doubled.
Mr. Hearst, continuing his appeal, assures the people that raisin
seeds do not cause appendicitis, and says: "Buy California raisins.
They arc better than the foreign, yet in the three years last past
15,266.887 pounds of raisins were brought into this country and sold
to you."
While that is not a very large importation, it offends Mr. Hearst.
But pray how can he stop it without making the "robber tariff" on
raisins higher than it is? Last year we produced 112,000,000 pounds
of raisins. If the home market will not take them all, why not ex
port them to England and sell them so cheaply that the surplus will
be taken there? But to do this with a surplus production is de
nounced by the Democracy, and to Mr. Hearst is indisputable evi
dence that we have a "robber tariff." We can see no remedy except
maintenance of the present robber tariff on raisins, and increasing it,
if need be, to shut out the imports of which Mr. Hearst complains.
The whole tariff issue is illustrated in the raisin question, and Mr.
Hearst's party says it is all "robbery."
HEARST ON RAISINS..
Sluff calls for a deck of thirty-six
cards, the- cards from deuce to five
spot* inclusive, being thrown out.
There are .120 points in the game.
Aces count 11, tens 10, kings 4, queens
3 and jacks 2. Y,'i%~
Two, three or four may play, T>ut In
any case only "three full hands are
dealt. The dealer remains out when
four play.
The cards are dealt one at a time
in four hands until after twelve are so
dealt; after to three hands to the end
of the deck. This gives three hands of
It is not possible to lay hands on
a written or printed set of rules of the
game, but half the men in the Terri
tory can tell one how to play. The
rules differ in minor particulars In dif
ferent camps, "but this is the way it is
generally played:
Where the game came from, who in
troduced it and what its antecedents
were no one seemed to remember. For
two years sluff has been growing in
popularity every day, and the man
who cannot play it leads a lonely life.
Sluff is cheaper for the stranger
than poker, for, as a rule, it is not
played for money. Drinks for. the
crowd is the usual penalty for losing a
game, and strangers are supposed to
buy the drinks, in any event. Like all
c*ard games which attain sudden popu
larity, sluff is * easily explained and
quickly learned. In spite of Its sim
plicity great skill can be developed
and Arizona holds crackerjack players.
Ordinarily a game take* about fif
teen minutes. In Pearce, where it is
now the fashion to drink whisky with
beer chasers, four drinks an hour are
regarded as none too many.
When experts get at the cards sluff
la liable to be a long drawn out propo
sition. At Tucson they have a record
of a game which lasted seven hours.
One must not think, however, that
the players waited that long for a
round of drinks. Every fifteen min
utes or so they cut the cards and the
low man bought.
Social success in Arizona no longer
depends on one's ability to play draw
or stud poker. From Prescott to Bis
bee it is sluff, morning, noon and
night, says the Prescott correspondent
of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Arizona people take the game seri
ously and play as carefully as If the
stakes were high. It is thought bad
form to be garrulous during the play,
but after the hand is played the plays
are carefully analyzed.
eleven cards and a widow of three
cards. The deal passes after each
hand.
The player to the right of tne
dealer has the say, and may frog,
solo, solo grande or pass. If he frogs,
hearts are trump: the widow Is shown
and taken to hand by the maker.
If he solos the trump must be dia
monds, clubs or spades, and the widow
is not looked at until the conclusion of
the hand, when the. maker adds any
counters it may contain in his hand.
If he solo grandes he has the privi
lege of calling the trump.
If the player to the left of the
dealer frogs the others may solo over
him. The original maker then solo
grandes or passes.
At the beginning of the game each
player receives chips worth 120 points,
usually, eleven blues anjl ten whites.
When one player loses his stack the
game ends and the penalty of buying a
round of drinks is exacted.
The maker must win sixty points to
make good. For all under that he
must pay; for all over sixty he is paid
by each of his opponents. If four are
playing and the maker loses he has to
pay the dealer as well, but If the
maker makes good the dealer does not
pay.
In a frog each point pays one; in
solo, two; in solo grande, three.
Any card of any suit may be led.
One must follow suit if possible. If
out of suit a trump Is required.
If out of trumps one should sluff If
playing third in hand, and one's part
ner holds the tricks. Slufflng means
to play one's highest counting card.
As a rule, when one against the
maker has the game in hand and
, takes a trick second in hand, he
thrown his card on the table as though
; he desired to break it. and calls. "Now.
ydu, sluff!"
When a player Is out of suit that
suit is called his dink. When one of
the players can force the* maker to
trump a suit is called "having his
dink."
"SLUFF" IS THE NAME OF VERY LATEST GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA£L
JOHN P. SPRECKkLS., '¦ • "****
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO MaM***.
JOHX McXAUGHT ?' """"•»_,
PUBLICATIOX OFTTCB .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBERS. 1904
WAR!
8The star course of entertainments
will begin at the" Y. 31. C. A. on Oc
tober 1. when Wallace Bruce Ams
bary, the noted story teller and au
thor, will appear. He will be . follow
ed at close Intervals by the De Koven
Club, Robert Burdette. Dr. Charles
Eastman and many; other, notable en
tertainers.
Y. M. C. A. Entertainments.
To Mr. Davis this came as an unex
pected pleasure, and his expressions of
gratification were coupled with the as
surance that the furore would show no
curtailment in the liberality of treat
meat of all In his employ.
There was a very pleasant gathering
la the ofllce of R. D. Davis yesterday
afternoon mads up of the employes of
the firm, who presented to Mr. Davis a
costly hand-made chair carved out of
weathered oak. upholstered in leather
and with natural brass cttisgs. The oc
casion 'was the fifth anniversary of the
opening of the store and was seized upon
as a fitting opportunity to give expres
sion to the high . regard in which Mr
Davis is held by his employes. Accom
panying the chair was a card en which
was hiscribed. "*A token from your em
ployes which brings ¦with, it hearty con
gratulations on five years of increasing
success and best wishes for greater
achievement In future.
A Popular Employer.
A p«tltion for dissolution waa filed
yesterday by the Equitable Gas Light
Company. The petition la signed by
President Joseph A. Donahoe. Secre
tary John El Fitzratrick and Direc
tors A- H- Wlnn. W. S. Burnett and
P. J. iluller.
A.«ks for Dissolution.
*=ue« City for Broken Glass.
Lr E. Prescott. attorney for the New
York Plate Glass Insurance Com
pany, has presented a claim against
the city for $30 damage to a window
BS 315 OTarreH street, owned by B.
Lichtenstdn.
The claim Is the outgrowth of the
net that occurred at that place last
August, as told by The Call, when a
cabman was lured to the address by
a telephone message and npoa arrival
xrzs set upon and beaten. During th«
srlx-up several shots were fired and
the glass was shattered-
Declares That a Continuous Supply
for Municipalities Is of Far Greater
Value to the People.
Hermann Schussler resumed hia in
teresting flow of language yesterday
before United States Commissioner
Heacock. his subject- being the value
of water for irrigation purposes in
the arid interior of California and
elsewhere. He spoke of the great
value of storage reservoirs for such
, purposes, and impressed upon the at
j tention cf the. court his opinion that
water (not salt) for municipal pur
poses was of far greater value, be
cause the interruption of the supply
; for even one hour in a city would be
i fraught with great danger in case of
an outbreak of fire. -
He will continue at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
SCHUSSLER TALKS OX
WATER FOR IRRIGATION
In response to a Query from the
Recorder, the City Attorney has given
an opinion that the twenty-four copy
ists employed in the Recorder's office
cax.net combine to give a share of
their salary to maintain five index
coryi^s.
In June the Supervisors mad* an
arrangement for twenty-four copyists.
xrith. five others that were to be known
23 extra deputies. The sum cf $6000
was set aside fcr the payment of these
extra deputies, but the Mayor refused
to appoint them.
The Recorder** office, under the plea
that it was In urgent need cf help, of
fered to pay their salaries^ but the
CJty Attorney advises that this la II
iegaL
Attorney Advises Tfaat Extra Deputies
is Recorder's Office Be Paid by
the Municipality.
CTTY EMPLOYES MUST
NOT SHARE SALARIES
As yet the Southern Pacific Com
pany has not received a complete re
port of the local traffic it handled.
The United Railroads enjoyed its
share of the benefits accruing from the
big gathering of strangers in San
Francisco conclave week. Tuesday,
the day of the great parade, was, not
vrithstandlng the fact that street traf
fic was interrupted for four hours dur
ing the progress of the parade, a ban
ner day in the history of the street
railway corporation, the total number
of passengers carried being a trifle
over 140,000.
Reports received by the Southern
Pacific Company from Its agents at
the various gateways to the coast show
that the number of people who availed
themselves of the opportunity to visit
San Francisco during the Knights
Templar Conclave was 17,017, of
which 10,274 came by way of Ogden.
1146 by way of El Paso, 1575 via
Los Angeles and 4022 around by way
of Portland. A revision of these fig
ures, according to the railroad of
ficials, may show an increase of prob
ably 1000 persons. It is estimated
that the Santa, Fe Company, which
-*-as handicapped by washouts along
its line, carried westward about 3500
passengers, which will bring the total
number of Eastern visitors in this city
during conclave week up to a little
over 20,000.
Reports of Railroads Show They
Handled Over 20,000 Excur
sionists From the East.
BIG TRAFFIC DURING
RECENT CONCLAVE WEEK
3 A -better pleased party mtw returned to
town tittn that which ciada up the JJcrth
Ehers reserved seat .excursion t» Caxadero Bis
Trees ca Sssday laat. Seats are «old the oasx«
as la a sleeping car- The trip probatly pre
sents a greater variety of scenery than any la
California, Including- views o£ the harbor, hay
and ocean beach. m&gniAcent forests, the cot
taga eolenfes. the picturesque- Russian River
and the Big Trees of Cazadero. The cheap
cess of. the trip, -oaly II SO. insures the sale of
all the Ksrlted accommodations for several
Scadajr* to cone. There are no forest fires
along the Xorth Shors RaCrcad. You can get
full informations and Itinerary at 628 llarfcet
street, San Francisco^ . •
NEW FIRE ESCAPES
ARE BETXG IN'STALLED
Bl» Tree Excursions.
B. H- Thompson received similar
injuries jvhile working on the plant at
the Majestic Theater. S Dr. Glover o%
the Emergency Hospital attended to
his wounds. ' '
Frank Bill, while making changes
on the switchboard at the Union Iron
Works yesterday, was badly burned by
the fuse blowing out. He was taken
to the Potrero Hospital, where Dr.
Brace dressed his wounds.
Burned by Electricity.
The new fire escaoe consists ef a
circular tube six feet in diameter, of a
height equal to that of the building' to
which it is attached- Frame windows
on the different floors are connected
by platforms with the tube, inside of
which is a spiral chute- The children
are taught to jump into the tube and
are shot swiftly to the ground. The
fire escape can take care of 200 chil
dren a minute. There are more than
900 of these escapes in use through
out the country.
The Board of Education has signed
contracts for the purchase of three
newly devised Kirker-Bendfir fire es
capes, one to be placed at the Rich
mond School and the other two at the
Dudley Stone, SchooL The carpenters
have been at work making exits lead
ing to the platforms of the fire es
capes.
Two Schools in the City to Be Equip
ped With life-Savins
" Device.
II. D. Lovelace! was appointed as del
egate to the Trans-Mississippi Com
mercial Congress, that will meet in St.
Louis, on the exposition grounds, next
month.
W. EL Mills, who has been invited to
deliver an address about the Sacra
mento Valley before the Irrigation Con
gress, to be held at El Paso, was ap
pointed a delegate to represent the Cal
ifornia State Board of Trade" at that
congress.
"VThereas, The State Beard ef Trade Is Im
pressed that both siwold'be better known to
cttr people: there fere.
Resolved. I That tie i Btanager cf the Stats
Board o' Trade be requested ta ccssalt with
President Jordas and arrane* as exctzrsica to
Stanford University, and also to arrange wlta
President Wheeler for an extension of the
same exesrsien to San A*e asd the LJci C!j
serratory.
"Whereas. Stanford Ualversity and the Lick
Observatory of Mount Hamilton ars sceaic
pdats of the sreateat interest and raise ta Saa
Francisco and the State; aad.
Therefore It was resolved that for the
purpose of procuring an expression of
opinion concerning- the policy of the
proposed recession the" manager of the
State Board of Trade should be au
thorized to send copies of the report
and resolution submitted by the com
mittee of the State Board of Trade to
the different commercial and Improve
ment organizations of -the State, to
Governor Pardee. to' fhe United States
Senators and Representatives In Con
gress from Calif ornia, " to the Native
Sons of the Golden West, the" Califor
nia Water and Forest Association, the
Sierra Club, the Sempervirens Club and.
to the Senators and members of the
California Assembly, such opinions
when received to be published in a bul
letin by the State Board of Trade for
the general distribution and Informa
tion of the Legislature of California.
A resolution was adopted on motion
of John P. Irish as follows:
In the committee report It waa set
forth that the board has been Impressed
by the arguments made by the Native
Sons of the Golden West In favor of
recession to the Federal Government
and the incorporation of the valley and
big tree grove with; existing national
park and forest reservations; also that
such recession will put an end to the
Inconvenience and" risks "of a divided
jurisdiction, now existing«by reason of
the State control of the valley and the
big tree grove, while each la surround
ed by Federal reservations under the
jurisdiction of the United States.
A committee consisting of General N.
P. Chipman. John P.Trish, W. H. Mills.
Arthur R. Brisgs and Edwin Stearns
yesterday reported to the California
State Board of Trade in reference to
the recession of^the Yosemite Valley
and the MariposaBIs Tree grove to the
Federal Government. The Importance
of -the matter seemed to the board to
be sufficient to make it advisable to se
cure, the opinions- of Influential bodies
throughout the State, the Governor and
the United States -Senators and Con
gressmen from California.- During a
discussion incidental I to the reception
of- the -report from the committee the
board added to the report on sugges
tion of John P. Irish a resolution that
the recession ef the Yosemite and Mar
lposa grove. If it should be made, ought
to include the extinction of all private
claims for roads^ -trails or other con
struction or equities.
Decrees of divorce were also grant
ed yesterday to Bessie Walker from
Leon J. Walker, for extreme cruelty;
Anna B. Moore from George J. Moore,
for willful neglect; O. F. Wann from
Agnes M. Wann. for desertion; Ellen
Kay from Eugene Ray, for desertion;
Annie B. Thompson from William E-
Thompson, for desertion; Effle E.
Fanning from Bert A. Fanning, for
willful neglect: Jennie L. Cloflln
from Guy D. Clofiln. for cruelty; and
Nellie C.-McGuire from Thomas Mc-
Guire, for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by John Pearson against Caherine
Pearson, for cruelty; Domlnico Fon
tana against Anna Fontana, for de
sertion; Clarnle Marguerite Tracy
against Charles Bertram' Tracy, for
unfaithfulness; Edward L. Walcott
against Maud A. Walcott. for cruelty;
Mary Elliott against John Elliott, for
cruelty; and Lillian M. McKenney
against Francis V. McKenney, for
failure to provfde-
Mary C Warde. the pretty actress,
known to the theatrical world as
Polly Stockwell, was granted a di
vorce yesterday by Judge Hunt from
ArUmr F. Warde. son of the distin
guished tragedian, Frederick Warde.
In her deposition, in which she was
corroborated by her mother, Mrs.
Ethel Stockwell. the plaintiff says
that her husband, without cause or
reason, abandoned her in June. 1897.
Her appeals that he return to her, she
testified, were not heeded.
Young Warde and Polly Stockwell
were married March 17, 1894. They
have one son. Arthur F. Warde Jr..
now six years of axe, who is at pres
ent with Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Warde, his grandparents. In Brooklyn,
X. Y. The young 1 wife and mother re
quested that the custody of the child
be not disturbed, for, she said. Mr.
and Mrs. Frederick Warde were bet
ter able to educate and support him
than she is. as she Is compelled to
travel from place to place to earn
her own livelihood in her capacity as
an actress. Her request was granted.
On July 11 Miss "Warren left for San
Francisco with Miss Alexander and
Miss Etta Warren in her deposition
yesterday in the Dolbeer case told the
story cf the incidents in the life cf her
self ard ilia Dolbeer in Paris and New
York. Miss Warren In a clear, concise
nsjirer related the etery cf Miss Del
beer's ssidde. and stood the severe
csestioning by Attorney 'PHra^ Jchn
*cn without apparent nervousness.
Several hours of the afternoon were
consumed in completing the deposition,
and this mcrrirg there wd be a brief
ceetlng cf the witness, the attorneys
and a rotary public for the purpose cf
slsr-iyg the testimony.
Attorney Jchnscn asked the witness
to tea cf her trip frcsa Ecxop« en the
Miss Warren said T**»t on the voyag*
ehe and Miss Dolbeer met James.
George and Chapman Tyson. On arriv
ing a-t New York they were net met by
anybc-ly but Miss Dean. Miss Dolbeer
C^il not take any medicins on the trip
ever, and the only thing she had in the
medicine line with her was a bottle cf
Perm's extract.
At X«t York Miza Dclbeer was not
very weiL but her r^r»^a was hardly
discernible. She was net the kind cf
we man to show sickness very much. It
was Miss Dolbecr*s Intention to visit
relatives In* Massachusetts, but Miss
"Warren did not advise any of the
young ¦woman's relatives or friends cf
the intention mentioned.
Asked whether there were not pecple
in Lcndcn with whem Miss Dolbeer had
been very friendly. Miss Warren an
6wered. "Yes." These friends had been
met ty Mis* Dolbeer. Mis* Warren
added that wtsa in Paris she had never
urged her companion to come home.
In New York the young women
planned, to leave after the Fourth cf
July, and Miss Warren mads arrange
ments with the raHrcad ticket office ac
cordingly. Tickets were secured for the
folio-wing- Tuesday. This ¦was the day
cf Hiss Dolbeer's death. Prior to this
Miss Dclteer had been in good health
and sr'-rits and did not seem to be suf
fering at a^. Up to nocn cf the day of
h-r suicide the patient appeared to be
all right. She expected to see the doc
tcr at 4 o'clock, and had incidentally i
* - We returned from the ticket office at
1 o'clock.*' sail Miss Warren, "and had
Ic-cheon in the dir^ng-rootn cf the
hoteL Ncbcdy was with us during the
rr-.il."'
The ycurig women returned to their j
roctns at about 3 o'clock. The rooms
were cumbers S23 and 924. Miss War
ren's room window overlooked the cor
ner cf Thirty-third street and Astor
court. After being in the room fcr an
hour Miss Dolbeer requested Miss War
ren, to -walk with her in the hotel cor
ridors, after which stroll they both re- :
turned to their rooms. Miss Warren go- -
ins teto her c^a apartment and Miss •
Dolbeer remaining- in hers. Miss Del- I
beer took a seat cs the window silL
Miss Warren then repeated the story
ef Miss Dclbeer's death, and said that I
she had made a statement concerning ;
it to the Coroner of New York. She
had heard no scream, no sound cf any
kind, and cculd not say whether Miss
Delbeer'3 death was due to accident cr
Euicide.
Patient Seemed Cheerful on
Last Day of Her Existence
and Made no Complaint
Senators, Congressmen. Many
Societies and Lawmakers
Will Express Opinions
Allegation That Spouse De
serted Her Without Cause
Is Corroborated by Mother
Joseph Benjamin, a fruit peddler, ob
structed a street car on Montgomery
avenue by keeping his wagon on the
track until some of the, passengers
missed the ferry-boat ¦ to -which they
Mrs. Ellen CaCahan, convicted by the
testimony cf half a dozen of her neigh
bors of conducting a disorderly bar
room tn the Richmond District, In
formed Judge Cabaniss that if she were
Eent to jail her five small children
would b« deprived of a provider. :
-From what has been told here about
the character of your home," said the
Judge. "I ara Inclined to believe that it
would be better for the children to be
without a provider than to dwell In
such an environment. While providing
them with food and clothing, you are
evidently neglecting' their moral train-
Ing, and In the long run they wm suf
fer for it- However. I cannot consign
the. little ones to starvation tn order to
punish you. and after their future has
bee narranged for I will name yxmr sen
tence.'"'
Mrs. CaHamn's groggery. the neigh
bor* testified, was a trysting place for
men and women who held drunken rev
elry all night.
Walter Buford's audible perusal of
Scott's "Lady of the Lake" so annoyed
the bookworms In the reading-room of
the Montana House, on Mission street,
that they squirmed in protest and final
ly delegated John Hughes to silence
the nerve-grater.
"Your pronunciation is faulty and
you lack elocutionary charm," was
Bibliophile Hughes' tactful expostula
tion. "Sir Walter's noble imagery is
entitled to better treatment than a per
son of vcrar defective literary attain
ments could possibly give it. and your
attempt to give It is very exasperating
to the gentlemen here assembled- You
would confer a favor by either reading
silently or removing your reading be
yond the range of refined ears."
To which Mr. Buford retorted by
slapping Mr. Hughes* jaw with "The
Lady cf the Lake," and ere Mr. Hughes
could retaliate in kind with the volume
of "Old Cap Comer" which he then
held, in his hand the other gentlemen
present overpowered Mr. Buford and
restrained him from further violence
until the police arrived. Then he was
charged with battery and Judge Mogan
will sentence hi?" to-day.
Then the defendant explained that hs
had imbibed some whisky which ap
parently was "doped." because It had
the effect of making him fancy that he
was riding a wheel en a crowded thor
oughfare.
"In other words," remarked the
Judg*. "you had wheels In your bead?"
Case dismissed. \ * ;
J. J. "Welch, who said, he was a vaude
ville artist, disturbed the peace early
yesterday morning at Eddy and Mason
streets by blowing -a bicycle whistle
with much vigor.
"Xot only was he blowing the whis
tle." Patrolman Pat Smith testified,
"but he was working his legs as if he
were en a treadmill, and commanding
imaginary persons to get out of the
way."
• • •
Alfred Ogden. chronic vagrant, was
lying upon a footpath in Portsmouth
square when Special Policeman Gar
dener requested him to get up and
move en. "Whaf s the use of movtn'
en?" inquired Mr. Ogden. "I want to be
arrested, and you might as well have
the job." Gardener accommodated him.
and when arraigned before Judge Con-
Ian the prisoner promptly pleaded
guilty and requested that no time be
lost in sending him to jail, as he want
ed to rest.
"For how long?" his Honor asked.
"It's up to you to say how long," was
i the reply.
"Six months." said the Judge.
"That's good," said Alfred.
"You're such an agreeable chap." said
the Judge, "that it's a real pleasure to
| do business with you. I hope you
i won't overlook this court when you
| again need a period of rest."
"I won't forget you," said Mr. Ogden.
Gecrge Scuires, a well-dressed young
fellow, was walking through Fish alley
when he became involved in the trou
ble which led to his arrest for assault
ing Ah Sing, a shrimp peddler. Ah
Sing's stock in trade was displayed
upon a tray, and Mr. Squires helped
himself to a handful, whereupon Ah
Sirg demanded payment and received a
hard knock from Mr. Squires' fist.
Fined $19.
Alfred Saynor, milkman, scoffed at
th* policeman who called his attention
to the fact that he was violating the
new ordinance, which prohibits the
transportation of lacteal, fluid in uncov
ered vehicles, and when arraigned be
fore Judge Mogan he pleaded ignorance
that such a law was in existence. Dis
missed with a warning.
• • •
Judge Ccnlan sentenced James Wood
ward, a beggar with a wooden leg, to
pay a fine of $30 or serve thirty days
in jail, and Mr. Woodward Immediately
sat down, unstrapped his artificial limb,
drew a handful of gold coins from its
interior and passed three $19 gold pieces
to the clerk. Then he replaced his tim
ber underpim^ng and stumped out of
the courtroom, followed by an attorney.
whose fee he had refused to pay be
cause of his failure to escape punish
ment.
open to Question. And as he framed in
his mind the sentences he would impose
the silence was so intense as to awaken
a negro prisoner who had dropped into
slumber the moment he entered the
cage and remained in it until the un
wonted Quietness disturbed him.
Then, with a finesse worthy of the
shrewdest diplomat that ever graced
The Hague tribunal, his Honor fined
Emil Tiensen and M. Kamoda $5 each.
Emil Tiensen, from the Czar's do
minions, explained his possession of a
loaded revolver by stating that he had
been hunting birds at Icgleside and
was on his way heme with the weapon
when Patrolman Schmidt arrested him
at First and Folsom streets. M. Ka
rioda, from the realm of the Mikado,
said that his breaking of a window en
Dupcnt street was purely accidental.
Neither of the narratives waa accepted
as true, and after tne Judge had pro
nounced both the defendants guilty as
charged the spectators breathlessly
awaited his next move. They realized
the delicacy cf the task confronting him.
If he punished one of the men more se
verely thaTi the other his neutrality as
between Russia and Japan would be
Among the misdemeanants grouped
before Police Judge Mogan yesterday
morning were a Rcssian and a Japa
nese, and they stood side by side and
cast baleful glances at each other.
When the attention cf Bailiff Hlckey
was called to the juxtaposition of the
Slav and the Jap ha hagtfty thrust his
burly form between them and kept it
there until their respective cases were
disposed of.
William Flannery, classified by the
police as "a diamond dip," Is accused
before Judge Mogan of having stolen'a
first -water brilliant from the neckscarf
worn by Walter M. Kelly on the front
platform of a Sutter street car. Ac
companying the complainant at the
time was Lieutenant I* R. Sargent 'of
the flagship New York, and both o£
them gave chase to the thief, who es
caped- Two days later Flannery was
arrested on suspicion of being a pick
pocket, and Mr. Kelly and Lieutenant
Sargent identified him as the diamond
snatcher. Testimony for the defense
will be heard next Tuesday.
• a •
Iver Erickscn. George Johnson, Peter
Iverson, John Iverson and Forger
Shubstedt, natives of Sweden, went into
John Anderson's saloon, at Third and
Folsom streets, and there found a stal
wart stranger exhibiting his brawn Hy
punching a machine that registered the
number of pounds that the striker
could fell with a single blow. John
Iverson, who is something of a slugger
hinself, pooh-poohed the muscular un
known's prowess until the latter trans
ferred his thumps from the machine to
John's face, and then John's four com
patriots rr><T»w< in the melee. "When Pa
trolmen Hurley and Tillman. hastily
summoned by John Anderson, entered
the pjace they found a writhing mass
of humanity on the floor and succeeded
in arresting the five Swedes, while the
stranger mysteriously eluded their
clutches and disappeared. Judge Mo
gan continued the case till next Thurs
day.
were hastening. He will be sentenced
to-day by Judge Mogan.
« • • >v.
Lucille Kirnball-Murray, who surrep
titiously removed her baggage from the
Clarendon Hotel and left a $33 board
bin unpaid, airily informed Judge Mo
gan that she had settled the indebted
ness and would like to be dismissed
from custody. Her airiness of demeanor
quickly fled, however, when his Honor
asked the bailiff If her portrait had
been added to the rogues* gallery, and
she tearfully pleaded to be spared that
humiliation. "Because," she sobbed, "I
am thinking of getting married."
"Married?" exclaimed the Judge, sur
veying her aged countenance. "Why,
how eld are you?"
"Sixty years," was the simpering an
swer; "but a gentleman wants to make
me his own, and Fm sure he would not
like to have his wife's picture in the
rogues' gallery."
"I'll suspend sentence for a week,"
muttered the court, still gazing stead
ily at the face of the bride-to-be.
The woman came here from Salinas,
and under cross-examin&tion confessed
that the object of her visit was to pro
cure young women to lead a life of
shame in the Santa Cruz County town.
MISS DOLBEER'S HEALTH
BOAED OFTBADETOMOYE
TELLS OF ABANDONMENT
Miss Warren Tells of Trip
to New York and Events
That Preceded Arrival
Polly StockwelL as She Is
Known in the Theatrical
World, Is Given Freedom
Police Judge Mogan Displays Rare Finesse
in His Treatment of a Little Brown Man
. c
and a Subject of the Muscovite Empire
—^-f —
Yosemite Valley and Mari
i posa Big Tree GroTe to Be
j Theme of Wide Discussion
DEPOSITION
READY TO SIGN
SEEK OPINIONS
ON RECESSION
MARY C. WARDE
GETS DIVORCE
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE
SIDE BY SIDE IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1904.
TVe are selling amenta for rThe Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" aad sole agents
for The Marshall," the best S 1 fountain
pen la the world. Saoborn, Vail & Co_
741 Harlcet st ' •• •
9
AMUSE3IEyrS.
Powell Street. Xear lti--i;^
I AST 5 glOHTS.
Last Ttae X«xt • Suaday XJjIit.
KYRLE BELLEW
And Orlarfsil Ccsijacy. Ir.c'.-it-.z j •
E. M. SOZAAZrS.
la. tb« Fajclr.iusz lir.i— _i::: ?r"- •li-z-.zz,
RAFFLES ii^S?
IT 1 MONDAY ffij
MARVELOCS EXTRAVAGANZA.
"WIZARD OF OZ."
SS PEOPLE— 1IO5TLY GIRLS— ««
SEATS READY T0-M0RR0W.
— CALIFORNIA-*
atATETEE TO-SA7.
Mr Frederic Eela»co Pre*i3t3
FLORENCE ROBERTS
la Last Season's Great Sew Tork
isTiceess
HARTA OF M LOWUNDS
raxevell Weti. Casxsxcac±s«
Hext STraday.
Susdaj. Maalay. Tuesdar. TCedsesdar.
WedaeadaT llaiisee.
|fa«a
TJscr«iar. FrldaT. Sataniay. SatsnSay
¦ - . 3tatta.ee.
TESS Or THS DtntBESTXtilXS
gEATS .NOW SEIJJXG.
: ! " 1 I
I CHEERFUL VAUDEVILLE!
Thm Harry I* Xom Company: »ooa«y
aad Bent; Al Snean; 1*0 CarrC2o;Tn«
Orea-t Sin^tay Youz; B«rtaa aad
Brooks: Three KitcaeSa; "Oar Boy» ta.
Blue," aad .Oxyaettax Mortiaa Pictures.
Saowfcxr tie
: KNI8HTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Recnlar aCatlae«s Ewrr Wednesday. Thar*- ]
«iay. Satarday aad Su=aa7. .
FRICES— 10c. 2Sc and SOc
LAST WEEK I K™ 0 "
Far«weU Toxeadsr Itat. Kext Satcrlay. 1
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE SERENADE j
Oyeratic Debnt ef Asdiew Bcgart.
Prtof Sc. 5Ct. T5c Seats Always Sellte*.
IjAST WEEK OF
"The ANHEUSER POSH"
The Bn^htsst. Catchiest aad Pcsaieat Bsr-
lesque Ever Penaed.
Twenty PoaitiTe Scsg aad 5peetaXty Hlta,
CcrlTaUed Cast aad Cherts.
Scenery aad Costuruas Never Eqaaled.
aiatiaee* Sai=rfay asd Sunday.
Errr-Pcpalar Prlcea.
next Attractica. Hcaday. Septersber. 1>,
MISS MAZUMA
A Strictly Original Burteaejue Till ef Sar-
prlxes.
Seats oow oa >alew
SEATS READY
TO-MORROW &£&&
Two Grand Operatic Concerts
fiTpWAWitA TB-EAIEB.
WM. NU&t. Sept. n. Sas. Mattm»e. Sept. 21.
MME. FANNIE
FRAN CISC A
PXJJCA 9O5SA SO7BA3TO
mS ta«
07ZXA HOTA1V. AXSTTTTtT) a If.
BzHCaB£ Prrf- j?t»~«» '
MELVILLE FTJ.T3 AT THS PIAXO.
LOCI3 XEWBAUE3. FTotlst.
PRICES— C. tliO. « and T5c
PalurA DONT f AIL TO
j COURT Lemngiaj I
ftfln room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llHiflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1 UUU LOR, and the LA-
D -V^i"- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
.^Lkegina <fcj —
nusic box H^down
Have you heard it play ? if so, you surely want one.
No entertainer for" the home equals it in the variety
or. quality of the music it plays. Dances, marches, rag-
times, operas. or sacred selections are all played with
equal facility.
One dollar down will place it at once in your-
home and enroll you a member of our Regina Music
Box Club, through which you make all future
payments. • '
Call or write either store. . .
Sherman, Clay & Co.
KEARNY and SUTTER - - - ' - - San Francisco
;I3th and BROADWAY - - - - - - - Oaklaiia
A31XSE3IEXTS.
CIRCUS ATTcaarooar at «.
TODAY Erasnont
Ssow Gro™di. 11 ti aad JCaxxct Sta.
RIN6LING BROS.
ICO Bt? Ttmw Pearsrss. 375 Staz P«r>
f cratm. Craxo X>«api3X t2i« G*3. Sn>-
• lira t 1 200-Ciaracter SpeetacZa cf Jcrrxsa-
> lesi aad th* Craaain. Ta« Blrrw: Shov
ca EarUx.
50c Ticket Admits to Everything
Children Under 12, Half Price
Admission TlzZeta and Nrnnbered R»-
f served Seats en sale during th» en^ag*-
[ cent at Snennaa. Clay & Co.'» Mis.:
| Store. Kearcy and Sattar Sts, at sam«
j price charged en th* show grounds.
B. VT. EI5H0?. Low* &M aCasassr.
| LAST WEEK.
[ UATZXEES TECESDAT AXI> SATCKDAT.
|m 1 3J.3.C6 OB Kill
_____
j 8EXT-THE ALTAR OF FHIEMDSH1P
f
TO-XIGHT— ALT. THS wrrif
irATECEE eATCRDAT.
Escr^usca Socccas eS
BOTHTTEXX, EHOWXT3
SVW Jl^ZtM \T~*1,~** T*«». > up.^
ko I PRINCESS ivZJZ***
! Clever U_rc^a«,
la t ¦ *¦*»¦ Gersacss
t Cat TAN lad
POFCUUl FRICES— I3c^ 23c. ZOe.
COIOSQ— "TORS STATE T0ZX3."
ALCAZAR !%™g-
i i GcscrxX 1f«t»fgf
TON ICHr— AU. urrif.KT - -
, MATHTEES THTHSDAY .CO SATCIOAT.
Etc, 25c-T3c: Ibu. Thsra. aad Sat.. SSo-JOb.
WHITE t ra uw* «x
1A/HITXLESEY
:TI2"IHC0Bil
As ?! t7»i tsr Jc^a Draw.
"A mrt z-j-7 acscot^lT ptayad." — Ca3.
"A brBlJaust ¦cce*3J." — Pftt.
FTN"E PRODCCXTOX — GREAT CAST.
it:=.<ii7. Sept. 19 — 3CH. W. UiX'VXiESJST
ta MO.NB.\gA
CENTRALS
Xariee St.. Stx? p*tea* 6eot_ S3X
TO-HTG3TT— Aii W ,K KX.
MATS. SAT. .CO SCX.
First Tt=t« Here s: Blzrsey* IsacM^r V^f
B!ar Greaser Saw Tsrk
ONLY A
I SHOP GIRL
rlLlWU v»x->-v .,.. lOe. 13a. ts»
HE_CT — T't.t.wt »T TXE WATSIDa
The Musical Goolmans
A-a a. splendid Show Ttnzy Aftaaeea
«-»t* j^natax ta ti« T&«at*r.
TAKE A EtDB CW THS
KZ.RATUSS EXJBCZXZO 'BftTTiXOA'D.
THREE BABT UO3T3 E» THS ZtXX
INSPECT CABARET D3 U- MORT.
Hear th» Ptoenssaac 3r=tsS^T Crc&«KrSBO.
AaiATETTR SIGHTTHCBSIUI.
ApvrglOX Ifle I CH TT J>BEy . . —..Jo
vrt-a. Pto=tec A»k fcr ~T!f Ciart^~^
MISCELLANEOUS A3fCSE3U^MS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
AT EECKEATTOJf PARSE,
EisSt* aii H*rri»ti St-««'J-
¦BTEDXISDAT. THCRSDAT a=d raiOAT..^.
SA-rrRDJtT '">'¦¦¦"'¦""-"" i^t- 2"
I — - l3t * p - M -
! "la'dIFS rREE THCR3DAT aad FRTDAT.
Aftnace «a> of *»»t» at 3 Stucktan ft.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PES YTiATt,
POSTOI i *¦ nV.KTk.
WHAT'S THE USE
To Keep a **Goffee Complexion? 1 *
A lady Eays: "Postcza hzs helped my
rsrrplexicn so niucli that my friends
ray I tn growing ycuES^ «g=»?" My
cccrplexioa used to be coSee-coIored,
niuddy ard yello-sr. bnt it Is now clear
and rcsry as xchea I was & girL I was
Induced to try Postcm by a friend who
had suiJered. Jest as I had suffered.
frcza terrible isdis^stloa. palpitation of ,
the tes-rt and sinking spells.
"Arter I had used Postum a week I j
was so much better that I was afraid '
It would cot last. Hut now two years
have passed and I am a well woman. 1 1
care it an to leaving off coffee and
drialdng Postern In Its place.
"I had drank coffee all my life. I eaa-
pected that it was - the cause of my
trouble, bxu it was not until I actually
cult coffee and started to try Postum
that I became certain; then all my
troubles ceased, and I am now well and
etroaff again." Name furnished by Pos-
tern Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason.
Look in each package for a copy of
tfce famous little book, rThe Road to
WeII%-fflt- .¦...-¦ - ...
: AD V mTIgPLfcLN TS. £
SOw0Sae90«00O§0C«0809909©00O00C000d03*900
ARE YOU REfilSTERED?
You can roister for the coming election
in the precinct in which you reside:
Wednesday, September 14,
And
Thursday, September 15,
—From
10. a. m. to 9 p. m.
DO NOT FAIL TO REGISTER.
2)ee flff^ff rt^s^^^f*^TS in pdeers tor rcsris™
ff4i*-i ¥ t *~\n f» 1 *a ** & c * * 9 ? * • - ' •*¦THE S^K FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, \1904.
10
I CABFE? BEATUTQ A2BTJ CJ^fiHJHStx
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market st.
phones Main 152 and Busa 473, m
WHEN you become dissnsted with your worls
send for SPAULDINGS P«°n e « 9 ar P et :S*!o*
ins works. S55-337 Tehama st. Tel. South 4a
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Wo '^J S^ A I _^I
rison »t.; Al cleantnjr. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORX & CO.: phcae Mission 225. f
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.-^First-class
carpet cleaning 3c_yard. Tel. Mission 7».
CONKLLN-S- Superior Carpet Works.
ZSZ Golden Gate ave. Telephone East !-«•
HOPKE BROS.; excellent e*n>et beatms: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. south 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Clearing Co .. *02 Sutter St.;
U\. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prlcei
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.:tel. Mission .83.
PEJTTISTS.
A NEW plate— ThT ™* l *ton*-Ca.naotbri»Lki
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 00; ""=«»• «f •
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 bUxta.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate. , ara
made: old plates made over like new. teeta
from %S per set; extracting 50c; gas gi^n.
DR. KXOX. dentist, now located «'» ! >» o '*' t
building. 1005 Market st. room 203; all flr»t-
claas dentistry at iow prices. __
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. e«f f , J^jftT
Bet teeth <1 BO up; crowns.$2 np: fllllng-»-JQ._
GOLD Cllings. 75c; silver. 35c: Cto-^ds^ ri: no
pain .open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
DR. K. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
tt. to 5S0 Geary. .
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. Burgeon-dentist,r.U.lst
floor. Phelaa bid.. 806 Market, cor. CFa-nreii.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York dsn-
tlst*. Dr. P<»rkln«. Mgr.. !*«> M««»<on.por "tn.
DEESSMAEEES AJSTD 3I___IST»E3SES
FK^ELSTEINrJlO^Ellls— Ladles' tailor suits
to order en Installments If desired; reas.: can.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & MlUlnery School—
Patterns out to measure: eve, class :10ia MX...
Accordion sunburst and knife-plaltlng. 3 te^r-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 11Q Ta 7*°j\
EDUCAT10NAX.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
St., between Tliird and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the \\ est.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE..
A— THF. Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; rrfs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Actra- gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other v»esterrt
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Bustneis Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmar.shlp.
•horthand, »rplrg7"*» month; life scholarship
$50: positions secured, day, eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEG3. 1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: IS mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864; Van
der NaiUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story wrtttos and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bldg.: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bos. CoL, 802 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webstsr. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market St. Send for catalogue.
PIANO LESSONS. 36 GLEN PARK AVE.
NEW ENGLAND CONSERVATORY METHOD
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open.- Hia-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, tit'. Cal.
SPANISH.Freach.ttc.Prof.D* FillppVsAcademy
ot languages. 1013 Post; est.l971;-nlegt, profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 802 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Pay and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Ylne st. — Nignt class.
ISAAC Pitman Business Colleg*. 845 HaJght:
Individual lnstruc; all branches; d_y. eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 SDrt.. com-
pleta course. $S mo. $30: eve. $4 mo.; prtvats
CALITORNIA Business Collegs. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75- page catalog on request.
_]_?£OYMEHT OP7ICES. '^B__H
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment offlc*
rapplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. TeL James 5281.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanen#-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Mala 6753.
CHINESE Employment Offlce^ — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% CFaxrell; tel. East 428.
WE furnish bookkeeper*, clerks, ttenocrapnei-.
general help. "NATIONAL." 80& Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Frits Tamagakl.mgr. ;tel.Bus_ 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5133.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. (M0 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — PEMAXiE.
AMERICAN widow wishes position to> taks
• charge of a restaurant or hotel or rooming-
. house: good cook. Call or address Winchester
Hotel,- room 25S. . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion to do general housework In priv&t* fam-
ily; wages $10. Address box 1247. Call.
FIRST-CLASS family ccok wants a place;
cooking .only; wases $35: will work by tn*
day; references. Box 1433. Call offic*.
GIRL wishes a position to do light hoasewwk.
plain cooking 1 ; short distance In country; no
children. 407 Van Ness ave. „ .
YOUNG woman wishes situation for general
housework: city or country; best references.
Address Y. W. t Call branch. 1941 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situa-
tion as housekeeper where there Is one or
two children: Is a good plain cook, fond of
children; reasonable; no postals.. 138 Henry
¦t. between Fourteenth and Fifteenth, near
Noe. '
WANTED — Position a» governess or lady's
companion by accomplished young lady, with
references from best of families, recently
-from Germany, talking four languages. Ap-
ply box 1305. Call office.
STRONG/ competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, wants light sweeping and wash-
Ins .by the day: fine laundress: cheerful
worker: Jl 25 and car fare. 189 Fourth st..
first flight, room 24.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a sltua-'
tlon to assUt with light housework in a
small family; wages $15 a month. Call 11%
Bruce place; no calls answered without car-
fare.
POSITION wanted as governess or In prtvat*
school or convent by thorough musician* 14
years' experience teaching: piano, singing
German and English branches, literature.
Box 1435, Call office.
WANTED— By a New England woman a sit-
uation as cook and kitchen work. Call or
s - address New England . Woman. 45 Stanley
place, off Harrison ' et.
A COMPETENT girl wishes, position S->5 to
? 0: J7 f « r 'I>5 e *: no Dcstal. Call Mon-
day. 119 Uest Park «t., near Mission- take
. Colma car.
RESPECTABLE girl wants place In country;
home more than wages; old people ureferr*d.
Write box 1632. Call office. PTererwa.
WANTED— By respectable woman, washing
Jj^a^ ha* day. Plea,. c,n .t-ttlS
HOUSEWORK, cleaning scrubbing ¦ or «nv
C_U office 3^ W ° rk: °^ a «SE»5?bS io£
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
?*r«? t nsas . emtnta by tIie daT: *<*** «-"«
and ntter: terms reasonable. Box 1027, Call.
WANTED— Place to take charge of houws as
housekeeper; good references. Box 1059.
Call office. .
COMPETENT American and German cook;
first-class references; car fare. Box 1221.
Call otr.ee.
W^* T ? I> ~' Ey Udy o* middle age. assist as
housekeeper; fine seamstress: In nlc* family.
Box 13S0. Call office.
LADY would like position as nur»e-for one rr
J^^r^w^ling. to travel. Calmer ad-
>n thC C0lmtr7 - B ° ;
POSITION as salealady wanted; best at nt'
erences. 614 Sutter it.
JOUS D. SPIICCKKT.S Proprietor
Address CommuEicatlcns to
JOI-y.McXAUGIlT. . : j.".'.V..Mraagcr
W. J. MA11TIN Llttstncrss Manager
TELEPHOXEJ " : - . '.
A*k for TUT". CALL. T.i» Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Dcp_rUnent Ycu Vis-ii.
PubMeaHon Off.ce Market «r.d Third. S. F.
Editorial Itoorr.s 217 to 221 Stevenson «..
Delivered by Carriers, 23 Cls. Per Week. 73
Cts. Ter Month. Slngie Copies 5 J- 1 ;:,,..,
Terms by Mail. Iaci-Jdins Postage C^ «v.t_
Order): « o nn
DAILY CALL C.r.c\'J.i. Sunday). 1 >' ear --*iJ!X
DAILY CALL C.ncluil. funJay). « taca... \\>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month n 'f^
fUXDAY CALL. 1 Y<>nr ~<£l
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year Vl"'i-xira
fPa!lv...$S.S0 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J s_ n( iay. 4.15 Per Year Er.tra.
POSTAGE. l-Kv^idy i 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE BOBSCBIETIOXS.
Cample Ccple. will be forwarded when re-
Mail tubscrlberF is orderiM . ch^? h c L4vr
tr*i* ehould be partfeoUr to give J!?^
AND' OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt _n<l correct ccn^l'-uce with their re-
luct.
OAKLAND OFFICE: i
XOie Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3 ,
BERKELEY CFFICE: |
C14S Center Street ...Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAND: |
WsJCorf-AFtoria Hotel: A. Brer.tAno. 31
rnJor. Squatc; Murray Hill Hotel; Firth-avenue
Hotel _cd Hoffman Hou&c.
CHICAGO NETVVB STANDS:
Eberrun House; IV O. Nen-s Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremoat House; Auditorium
Hole!; Palmer House.
CHICAGO P.nPP.ESENTATIVE: '
C. GEOIfGE IvROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Lccg Dittar.ee Ttiephone, "Centr-l 2619. I
KEW YORK P.EPRESENTATTVE:
CTEPHEN B. 6MI11I SO Tribune Building
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FraacUco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market Etreet. crposite Fifth; open until
11 t>. in.
627 Moatgcmery street, corner Clay; cpen until
li:30 p. ra.
ICO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63S# McAlliEter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
t:15 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. n _
mi Mistion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. in.
100G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street* ;
open until y d. ra.
220" Fillirore street; open until 9 p. in.
MEETIKO JTOTTCES.
A STATED session of Islam S^JiL*-****^
Temple. Mystic Shrine, will _^K*Ps*^
b« itld at Golden Gate Hall oa
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Sep- ,/<W_v
tcir.ber 14. at S o'clock. Busi- A^—^~Ov
ness and consideration of peti- [if |J
J. \V". ANDERSON. Recorder. Jr
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. «
_C— C-!l«d meeting THIS DAY •%/_?
(WEDNESDAY). HeptembcT 14. 1904. /Sf\
Et I:o0 p. ra., in Masonic Temple, for
th^ funeral of our deceased brother. RICH-
ARD KM1L LOUIS ML'NK. By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16»T~F ; r~and *_
A. M.— FirFt degTee THIS (WEDXES-Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
11. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodpe No. 1C9. F. and A. M. a
— Special ni-eting THIS AVEDNES- <4fV
D\Y) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Firtt degree. P.. E. ALLAN. Sec.
ORIENTAL~EXCAWPMENT No. 57— fit i»
f-^nal 6«-?fion WEDNESDAY, Sep-*\/*
timber 14, at S o'clock p. m.; G. XV
K. ar.d R. P. degrees. X N
M. H. LUDLOW. C. P.
FARNSWORTH Lc<Ji.e No. 85. I. ,_*£*•-*.>,
,, o F.— First de*r*« TI!IS;:^*_&*fc
¦ V.TI'N'E.-l'AYi M'iHT. t^rt.^JV^**.^^
14. at S o'clock Bh_rp. at Wei-
ccsie Hall. Visitor* welcome.
DR. J. C. NEWTON. K. G.
G. A. BURMAN. R. S.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic process
Jroin .'as. C. Haper in Mount Pleasant mine,
r.far Spanish Ranch. Plumas County. Cal..
drair.ir.g into fc'parieh Creek, xvhich rea-chfs
Feather River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any protests t:1\\, be held at room
»«. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., Sept.
26. 1804. at 1:30 r- n»-
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call 16 paces, tent to any address in ths
United States or Canada one year for $1.
pectage paid. ¦
AGE27TS WANTED.
"WANTED — A good party to take the agency
for my electro radiator for treating and
•healing all kinds of rheumatism, chronic and
nervous diseases. PROF. WB. RICHARDS.
inventor and i.atent^. offices at 10JU»,j
¦U'efhington »t., Oakland, Cal.
MAIL $1 50 for one dczen fountain pens: will
tell en FiRbt et 25c each; act as agent; many
. _s»nts sell 5 to 10 dczen. dally; earn $250
monthly. FIELD CO.. 337 P.ush St.. S. F.
PORTRAIT «c*rts; best preposition for city.
231 Post *t., room 4.
ATTO BHXYS-AT-IAW.
R. W» KING. Attoraey-at-I_iw. Exam. bldg..
CtU fiocr; «>ntranco rocm Oil; established 20
year»=; all courts, coneral court and office
practice: r.o fee in zdvazir* or 'or consulta-
tion; l>y appointment. Tel Rfd 3601.
ADVICE free on ail lecal matters: divorces a
fpeclilty; private, quick: r.o pay in advance:
n_Biiur compaci^ organized ;patentt obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t.: estab. 22 yrs.
AA — Divorty":rosts $12:quick.culet:advic<» fr»e;
u". law 5>-is:nrss; no charea unless suecess-
tul; open evening*. 027 Market et., room 301.
COLLECTIONS. sttachmenta^ mechanlo's
lien*., probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, 632
Market et.. room 23.
ErvORCE— Cort*. $12: quick, cjulet: advtc*
tree; ell law bueincft: no charre unless »uc-
rceeful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 001.
ADVICE free; <5ivorc* co?te tl2: no fees or
cokU In advance; all laxr business; office
oper. Saturday evenings. 613 Market St.. r.13.
PATENTS. American and fcrelgn. EONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pino et.. 6th flocr.
L. *i. CLARK. 927 Market, r. 304; consultation
free: no lees in advance; open evenings.
Colnrntian Lew & Co! lection Agency, r. 85, 918
Market: trt .John' €22C: solicits your bnslcess.
A WEEK'S r-e-srs for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
• 16 paxes, in wrapper. lor ma!l!r.ir. $1 p«r ye«r.
AWTO2SOJ5I:LES^_
TTAKTED — An- automobile: reasonable end In
tood order. Erx 1215, Oa'.l office. .
LOCOMOBILE, -l^-ticra* powr; 2 *»al«i: In*
rcx-fl "inririF or<!cr. Call 4T.1 Valencia «t.
ADOPTION.
WAJ.TED — Girl baity for adoption; Ideal home
DR. FU:CKE. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameda. '
; r 'V &.STHXA. ¦
El NOLA'S Asthma Jlcmedy relleres tnst-nt-
i « -; 10c. 25o. 6«c. ld)2 Market. Et. Nicholas;
kUo V.M«ha.rt. 1 01 b ar.d \Va«h<Ecto_. Oakland.
snaps, hogs, etc.
HARTZ Mountain < anar!<-j & African rra.7 par.
rot*,' Jart received. A.' C. Kcbteon. S33 Kearny.
BOAKDINS TOR C2I_DS_rr.
CHILDREN 1 bcardrrt: tnolUer"B care: beet of
. .rofe.ren':**. "1C Fifth ave. Richmond.
BOOKS
fCHOOL book*, old and new. bought and »oid.
TJALT & CUKKJkN. SST Geary et.
CHZCOFODISTS.
CORKF. tunlJUE, Ingrowing , nails removed;
j;2!r.l«^». Di:. \VOOr>ni7FF. E55 Market st.
coMzcTzoy orriCES.
13»rt tenants ejected for $4; collection*' made;
dtjr or country/ Pacific Collection Co... 415
Woctgotnerj', rooms »-10; tel. Main ' 65S0."
FW_£HMMK7^^
_ BUSINESS CHAUCES._
£4SCW: CORNER saloon; vvjth r, years' leare;
v.,ry best location and a" Sood pojlns bufl-
nets. Call It. G. \V11^^2^_Kcarny_st : ]
A^tOOO; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent 5S0:'b€ £ t location; Investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance, bee K. u.
WILKE. -MVt Kearny tt.
7^—ilOM: EAKSHY: best location !n the Mis-
sion; rent $15: all store trade; ba^ng 1%
barrels per day; 4 years' lease: t> Ming
rcoms. Sec K. G. WILKE. £6^ Kearny st.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site ca-hou«o; rent $IC: a good paying*"" 81 *
nets, bee K. O. W1KE, 26ft Kearny «t.
A— $IXO- BOARDING and rooming house: 30
rooms; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; good j
ravins and old established hcuse: lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 23H' Kearn y gt -
A— $2500; HOTEL with 27 .furnished rooms
ncro^s the bay; 0 years' leas*; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; finest .location i In
good business town. R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st. •
A— $000: CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. O. WILKE.
2CVi Kearny st.
A— 41250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery, ice-
crram ana candy store; rent $45; dallr r«-
celpts about $33; business clears from $150
to $200 per montto. Call R. G. WILKE., 26%
Kearny st. .
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on • Folsom su;rent
$20; place doing a nrst-clans paying business.
Eeo R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st. -
A— $1750; BAKERY, esUb. many years; dally
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels day ;very best
locat'a. Particulars R.G.WILKE.2o^ Ktarny
ta»0-EARBER ishop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest bu6inei>» part of this city. Call R.
¦ U. WILKE, 20% Kearny st. '
A— $780; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms: rent $23;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market *U Call R. G. WILKB. 2CJ4
Kearuy «t. ¦ _________
A— $1800; CC8KEB saloon; about I block from
Chronicle building; lease: one of she l*st lo-
cations in this city; rare caance, Xtt R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny tt.
A^$C500; SALOON, cne of the best on Market
tt.; 4i4-ycar lease; rent $107: place Is el«-
cantly fitted up and never clearing l*ss than
$350 "per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Keamy tt.
A— $2C00; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
nished rooms. dinin_ and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horss,
wagin and 3 cows: 5-year leas*. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny gt.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
tt.; rent $C0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny bL
A— $2UiO: CORNER .saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought r»nch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $S0O: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place dplng a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Kundny work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500: ELEGANT barroom. • with mercan-
tile lunch: on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
Calif ornla; Dlace must be sacrificed en ac-
rount of ill health of owner. See B, G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et. .
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5 -room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators fur
making own gas; toilet: closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night: perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city in Califor-
nia; over, 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately; fine preposition; has the butter
businets of the tovm; extensive interests else-
where only reason for Eelllng: • books open for
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy »t. '.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. cr b-.sflness. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city:
7 acres in 6hrubb»ry: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lea&e; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 pear
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.; 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful Fhow cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean Etcck of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price ask.d; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant in city; down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; own-
er has ether lnteresth and can't devote hie
time to it; snap; $500. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy at. -
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming* houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
• description, dwelling or rooming house.
. procery, butcher ehop, delicatessen, branch
bakfry, clear stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market St.,
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 3468.
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING, Bartlett Springs,
Lake County. Cal. . .
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located at 011 Broadway, bet. Sth and Oth
fts., Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, wife, typewriter, etc..
«ls for sale. Any ere Interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
$600-— Restaurant; north Market, nr. Kearny;
Ftands Inves.; 'rent $G0. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at ence. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$12C0-^ROADHOUSE: lease 4~yerrs~to T run;
n>at $50. Sce'F. BERG, 318 Kearny St.
FOR sale — Corner grocery with' saloon
attached: good trade; fine location.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market Et.. .
Rooms 418-410. Tel. Folsom 3168.
$4000 — GENTS' furnishing goods, stationery and
notion store: established ten years; six years'
ieasr; transfer corner: splendid location;
business- rood; full amount Invested: rent
$40. Address owner,'" box 2187. Call office.
A — 35 CENTS invested In our coal mine to-day
will be tvorth $1 In a year; you can't loose;
Investment guaranteed by trust deeds Write
KARL HEGG, box 270. Minneapolis, Minn.
AN industrious young business man with about
, $."000 capital can purchase half . interest . in
old established buslnese; principals only.
Artdrets box 1454.' Call office.
WANTED — Partner In mechanical business; no
previous experience required: short hours;
light work;. 115 to S35 a week each; $3C0 re-
quired. ¦ 47 Geary et..- room 6.' ,-
PRINTING plant for sale/ cheap; the complete
'Tra-seript newspaper and Job office; Inven-
tory at ¦ Zellerbach &' Sons'. San Francisco.
. Address NAT. P. BROWN, Nevada. City, Cal.
WANTED — A roc-d ¦ grocery ¦ «nd bar, - without
ivason trade preferred, i Box 1202, Call.
$1500 CASH or security; corner,: grocery and
liquors: no "opposition: splendid neighborhood;
Wit Flock." no oeents. Particulars 1 COS "Post.
WANT to" dispose of half Interest In good-
paylr.g flower store; beet location in the city
- Box 144C. Call office.*
WANTED — Suitable party to start , bay and
" river freighting office: no capital -required:
.free rent. .Box 1045, Call office.
PARTNER to buy half interest In established
nursery and landscape business; good chance
' for rtfiht man. Box 1110, Call office./
$2800— RKSTAUR ANT." close to Call building:
. ecats 75. people; lease; slow. rent:-, receipts $75
I per day:. large »tock on hand.-. Box SU3. Call.
FJRST-CL/VFS .corner « ealoon: ;¦ best." location;
'. long lease: • owner ,' must * leave * the city ; , no
, ncents.. Inquire »aloon 39S; Ninth -Et.
$150— PARTNER In honest business;* will pay
you ?100 per mo. * with • your *ervlees; short
hours; investigate/ 1130 Market St., ' office 2.
HOME bakery; 'furnished living rooms; French
-range; 1300; no a_ents; ;417.O'F_rreIl «t. . .
C1JAIBVOYAOT8---Continned.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — 'Ellsmere — The
grea*. Egyptian >-eer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clalrvojant in the world; tells your
name, wbat you called for. whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc: Ells-
mere In different from ether clairvoyants
because he does what they claim to do;
things that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing, thincs that seem impossible: he gives
you Information, relief, success, satisfaction,
power and control of anv character affecting
any one or anything past, present or future:
he tells you\Just what you may expect and
what to do for your best interests in any
matter; he awakers a natural force within
and around you, giving you a secret power to
rfemeve the cause of any trouble. Influence,
unhaypl'iess. disease, poverty, failure or bad
luck that surrounds you; he opeirs up a way
for success and happiness you desire; a power
to' tecreily change > the thoughts, actions,
habits or intentions of any one. even miles
awav ; remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart or
emotions of love Interest you, he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affairs; he
advL*«s • you how tn settle lovers' quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and love
ot any one you desire.
3 offices. 1007 v. Market street. 3 offices.
Open Sunday,- every day, 10 t» 8. Mail, $2.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION.
OF THE NOTED "LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS, $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
it not- be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE. .
. Who is permanently located at
428 Eddy st.; lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA— CALL at once and save '$4.
My famous J5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
. . I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; tn fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition eo you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling .power in . your ¦ nature so, you can
fascinate anr one you desire, win the one you'
love, bring back your loved ons, and cause
marriage with one of choice. : 10 a. m. to 8
p. ;m.: closed Sunday. S2G O"Farrell<st.. 320.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
• talseer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what. you called for without asking a ques-
t tlon: names given; epeclal, $1: hours 10 to 8.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
¦ Sittings, life readings, healing; instruction
- . in all - branches; lady attendant; afternoons
v;and evenings.. 218 Eddy st. . .
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. A palm
. I correctly treat your, love affairs, domestic
- troubles, bus. and financial success; names-
.L., 00c; G., $1. 714 Franklin. -nr. G.'G. ave!
ISM AR. 'Egyptian. seeress. The Vendorae. lion
Market St., San Francisco- Office hours lft
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. ; Phone South 1141.
PROF. JOHNS, 'palmist and Dshychlc card
reader; readings 25c; 2 to 0 m. 612 Jessie.
MRS. -.'teAUMANJJ. the welt-known fortnne-
, teller. i3^now;af 317 Ellis gt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W?ekly C«I!
18 pages. Sn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per 'year
CI.OTHUTQ nEWOVATCTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $l" ; " ccourin* and
-dyeing.- Bon Marche. Examiner bids!?? 410-
I . .itaiDnmii.'; Call for and deuvirfrte:
BUSINESS CHANCES— Coatinnea.
THE SAWYER- BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, 111S Market st.
¦ Saloons $350 to $7500
¦ Rooming-houses $275 to $12oO
Restaurants $350 to $2500
Groceries ,$325 to $3500
Cigar stands $125 and up
Bakeries ..$175 to $500
GOOD-paying, well-established hardware store;
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
Blckness; only $8250; will take half city real
estate. Box 1324. Call office.
FOR f-ale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long Ieae«: on ac-
count of sickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. S. F., News Co., 342 Geary st.
FOR eale — Grocery and bar, $3500; lease ten
years; No. 1 ,bustrw*«. Box 1635, Call office.
Estab. lunch-house, doing nice bus., for'saJe.
or will rent to respon. party. 31% Eighth.
GOOD corner ealoon; cheap; on account ¦ of '
death. Inquire 1 SOS Howard tt.
RESTAURANT for sale in front of car house,
lisa Oak st.
WANTED— To buy a cigar stand or to rent a
place to oren one. Box 1307, Call office.
BAKERY— All store trade: over $35 dally:
worth $2500; price $2000. 721 Polk nt.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon; rent $35;
no night. work. Box, 1243. Call office.
A GOOD hetel in Contra Ccsta County for
sale. Bex S05. Call office. • j
$400 BUYS fine paying restaurant for man and
wife; good location. 777% Market st." ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
H C DECKER....... Phone Jones 531
' OOC MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling houses over 28 years
in San Francisco ia a guarantee of his fair
dealing, lie guarantees title and .sells, the
bargains to his customers. See him.
11 rooms; Maeon; new furniture $ 300
60 rooms; Market St.; only... 2500
K rooms; McAllister St.: Jlat... ..:..... . 4.v»
30 rooms; downtown ; reduced . to........ 1100
0 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter et....... 400
Decker's Special- Bargains Not Advertised.
6 to 460 rooms; prices $50 to • $40,000. -
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St., cor. Stockton.
U0^ROOM~~HOTEL- and ROOMING-HOUSE.
All Modern Improvements. ¦
Clears $1M> Over All Expenses. •
¦ Email amount' cash, balance as you make It
out of the profits of the house; .price reduced
to $S500 from 512. 000. DECKER has this bar-
gain. Office 000 Market et. >
16-ROOM, NEW, MODERN > HOUSE.
'•Elesjant -Furniture. •.
. Cost $2000 to Furnish.
Reduced to $1200; only $500 cash.
SEE DECKER. . 000 MARKET ST.
•"-"ROOM house; fine corner. : i
Rent Only $50.,
Clears $110; price $700. i worth r$1200.: : For
sale by H. C- DECKER; 906 Market et. 1
EXCHANGE for rooming-house— Fruit 1 ranch;
- flne^lace. See DECKER. 006 Market at.
FLAT of ; 10 rooms andbathr new, elegant, fur-
>niture; cost $1600; must sell;. effer wanted.'
See DECKER. 906 Market et. ¦¦':: ' - -/;,.'¦'
30 ROOMS; rent $00; clears ?00. ....:.."..$ 000
• 27 rooms; housekefplng; rent $45.... ..1200
C6 rooms;, rent $300 ..;. ...'.'. .7. "6000
' :: 8 rooms; nicely furnished, with piano. B75
. SO roomsj attractively furnished y; . .T. . :30C0
3S rooms: rent $65 ..........;. ....SCO
-s- 30 rooms; rent $105 .:/... ........ 1S0O
: 25 rooms ; rent $60 . . V." .-. .......... '. .'. . . . 1400
, MERCHANTS' : AGENCY,' 1008Vj Market «t;
. •¦;; ... . . Vt : . .MrTCHELL & CO: . : : . ; . . . V; .v/
120fi Market:st::.....V.7...Phone Jessie 2581
'. Roominc and *partment houses, ! hotels . an3
flats sold to suit purchasers;tltles guaranteed.*
Brrrrf;;*'.":": .'.mitchell > & .co:. . . . . ... . -. .j
A— 34-ROOM transient house; downtown; 'clears
> $100; price J2S0O:. no agents. Box 21S0. Call.
' ¦' ' 3 Eddy tt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
108 rooms* rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease, up to date, • downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator:* all light
rooms, well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us. :.>, i ¦ .
.26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome proflt on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years'- lease; line
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-clans condition: good furniture and car-
peto; clearing: now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city. :>;-<"}
7-room modern flat, dose In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
¦ 65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per, month :- every-
thing first-class condition;- will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave- city.
21 roomi; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets;"' ;lears , $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. '
128 rooms; ch»ap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date . downtown house; r well -furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account .of other business; only with us.
CO rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished: close- In; -full first-class . people ;
clearing a handsome proflt; fine opportunity. to
get an up-to-date' house, reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine '.'proposition;
cood lease.
00-room, new modern • 2 and .' 3 r room apart-
ment-house; ch,eap .:¦¦ rent; .rmost .;. elegatitly
equipped in. city: 5 years' lease;. every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of -sickness.
45'rooms: rent only $125: first-class location;
welt furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms: grand, new modern*. apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; barcatn if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership. -
¦_ 30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; 6-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, . balance reasonable
interest. ..-.': . ¦. .
9-room flat; rent only $50; '¦¦ water free; oak
furniture; gocd carpets; must -sell by September
5; crice $400/ .^pSofeSalgagBag^^i
i 75 rooms: grand new building;, elegantly fur-
nished; 'Cheap- rent; 10. years" -lease; close In:
clears $400 per month • < $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
; '23 rooms;, central;* 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house : in .' city; -, call
for full particulars; only with us. =• ¦
• 1C rooms; rent $65; good : furniture ' and ' car-
pets; ; always , full ; ' must , sell within - next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. ' HBH
. \ ¦ -¦- ~ »___— ¦ - ¦ ¦
34 rooms: cheap rent;- thoroughly'Venovated ;
all •; in' fine shape; fine- little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to 52800/ .-
Large list of real estate, .rooming-houses and
business for exchange I or trade always on hand.
"*\-V ':':'?'.- '; .;.¦¦'• , CAMERON. & CO/.: 3jEddy. 8t. ;; .
FOR ¦ sale— LodElnr ¦ house; 32 ; rooms ; f south of
and near Market st.; rent $05; clearing $S5.
Box 'S72,;iCall office. . .
SMALL : private roomlng-hoilse " for sale; no
; . agents. . ¦ Call ¦ 76« : JTolaom •. it. o. . . . . . .
""^^^^^A^VIRELESS^IESSAGEr^^^^^
(From)
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Read)
(and be wis€.) ¦• ,
4C6 Hearst bids., over Bxaminsr. entrance,
cor. Sd and Market sts. ; phone Black 3607.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles.
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE: OF 10 LARGE
. rooms In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
attractive house with pretty entrance and re-
¦ ceptlon hall; newly furnished and clean;
clears $90 monthly; mostly apartments, hence
very little work; all brlsht and sunny outside
rooms; it's a nice bay-window chouse with
HOT AND COLD WATER In every room;
newly calcimlned, new plumbing, all in first-
class condition. To examine this house see
.i MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN-^Just- listed: must be sold by 10 a.
m., Sept. 17; 17 rooms of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market; 2 years' lease,
price S60O; reduced from $1400; house full. of
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses .are creatly in demand;
we have one of 100 rooms, clearing; $453
monthly: books open for your inspection: long
lease; low rent; make offer: easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house... SS large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; -rent only $450;
long lease; over $10 wr day clear profit:
for eale at a bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE thousand dollars less than its value will
take a nicely furnished 16-room house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $76' per month. See
- MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Vnn Ness ave.: only 5,57 rent; modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooms;' splendid lo-
cation; $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $10O "a month: 10
rooms. ¦• ¦¦:•¦¦ . MARION GRIFFIN.
PARTLY furnished: 30 rooms: . 19 newly fur-
. nlshed and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease; $1250. ' - MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT 27- room ¦ corner - house; 4 ; years'
, lease; clears $200. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; cl-aring $125; all
permanent. roomers;; if you .want something
NICE, let us show you this."
-• . " MARION GRIFFIN.
CHOICE location: 6C rooms; rent : , less than $5
a room for. the building; lease: oak and ma-
hogany furniture. MARION GRIFFIN.
TO i let— 4 i new modern • houses;, unfur. : rent
$5 per r.: central: also fr.r., hou3.?» and flats
' for- sale: genuine bargains: nothing mis-
represented at our office. : SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st.- Phone. Mint 741.
60 ROOMS, Bush st.;.Al location ;\ rent $300;
, lease; .well furnished; landlady owns proper-
* ty. wishes to, retire; make offer. M1TCH-
., ELL,. 1206 Market etr__\_^_-________
$55<*— LODGING-HOUSE of 8: rooms, well fur-
: nlshed., at 143. SiKth. St.. Call l'to 5 p.-.m.
'¦¦:'.¦ ... •; /¦'-. SPIRITUAIJSM. ;-"¦,-. -
CRINDLIiyS -'materializing : seances. Wednesday
¦f and Friday; evenings. : 328 Ellis st.~ ¦
MRS. ,WAYBORN, medium: readings this week
• 25c, 60c;,clr. Mon.vFri.. 8 p. m.^1235 Market.
C. MAYO STEERS ;psychlc readings by mail $1.
- 3568 17th st.r San Francisco;, tel.: Capp 858.
: OLAIBVOTARTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. . ¦ THE: FAMOUS
. Clairvoyant '<¦, and business • medium, ¦ perma-
• nently located at 17 Third st.'; next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of ; the : past, • reveals : the
'¦"•¦ present happenings 'and * portrays events to
i "; occur.: In the : future; , IX you*' are' In r trouble,
discontented -* or . not ¦¦ eatlsfled with " life, ' or
have domestic, love or, business troubles, con-
* suit. this great J mediunvand?you--wlH"be .told
how to i overcome £ them; valuable advice in
"^ air affairs of; rllfe;. 25c up:: satisfaction, guar-
:' anteed : ; open '¦¦ Sundays.' * Tel. 'Black \ 4563.
PALMISTRY.' card-reading.", MISS f L/ KAHN-
:--' SUS. 104% ¦ Larkla; 19 a. ¦ m., 4 8 . pr m, .
FDFP-2 PACKAGES 2 PACKAGES
I 1 vL-L, ¦ . I. I vL- 1— ,
TKe .'.Perfection of Parity
£E5'£IE 5|EI^ICIZED ' $f\ZJ
For tlie Table For the Bath For the Kitchen
Free to Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's Caff
p^B^^a^ TWO PACKAGES 0m^mMSBmmmBm
-^i^^^j^l Of this new and scientifically B S
prepared household necessity, Wl i II "P^fj [ "F S
1^.- ><JmBt U 1S Ql3SOlUtBlB ChemlGa1113 PUre< K|l INVIGORATING&REFRESHINS |
We5I !^^1 LP^^W It Is hlohm sanitaru, Uelng chemicaliu r^T/A^T^P- 1 ? n
1 pi s |j ' ( II ls whlle an(1 as all salt ilSfflJ * f<^^^^^^^^^^§ : M
& it is superior to anij 'imported salt. f |ti M iMf^i^^^^^. S
f^^^^^^^^^^^S No f00(i Product carries more lurking |||| i ff&TT^K^tP^ 1 ""*- • 9-
;^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^y germs and diseases than salt. v S ° FSEA Ja
No fool product Is more important to 1 "^^
roBTHETABLT. nfe and gool health than salt. rds the bath.
C. E. WHITNEY & CO....... ......San Francisco
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
I THESE PREMIUMS FREE WITH WANT AD& I
BROUGHT TO OUR OFFICE THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY FOR THE SUNDAY : |
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD AND MARKET STS.
Open Until 12 O'CIock Every Night in the Year
OAKLAND OFFICE .....: IO16 BROADWAY
¦ ; -V' v •..:-:- / ¦ ¦ ...¦¦..... ¦,. ¦ :^- 1:THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBERS 14, 1904,
11
J.OST Airo rotnro.
LOST — Poeketbook. Saaday night, coatalain* ;
papers with name "Caa*. Hole"; return to
AL HOAG. drugstore, coraer New Montgo— - •
ery and Market sts.. and get $10 reward. <
LOST^-Whlte bull terrier wtth black dots on
lida, bruise oa back of neck, bir leather col-
Jar with round brass heads. Return to 41
Eddy street and receive liberal reward.
LOST — All of our competitors; redact loa la
prices and quality of stock did It, SHIBELEY •
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st,. phone Grant :
107; 1204 Sutter at,, phone East 817. • ,
LOST— Diamond and ocal aplder Pin, *«£"*
from Palace Hotel to ferry. Retnrn to • 327
Market st.. Xatloaal Ice Co.: reward.
LOST— Sunday^ at the park, blade hand bag
with some Biooey aad Jewelry: finder kin— ly
return to Occidental Hotel office; reward
of <50. __;
LOST— A diamond at corner of Satter. and Pclk
sts. Finder please return to room 14. — * «•-
Tensoa st,. aad receive liberal reward
LOST— Gold wreath pla; Suaday. Return to
' 1630 Howard st. -
LOST — Sunburst brooch. Retura to F. Thomas'
dye wks.. 27 Tenth at., and receive reward.
LOST— 1 locket, monogram "L"; three dla-
I , monda; lib, reward. Add. 237 Webster st,
< LOST— Small Scotch ccllle bitch; red rl-bca
oa collar; reward 95. C82 Geary. " ..''•:¦',
X_Atr_TC___-S FOB -KXBU-.
C. A. McNXILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.; for pleasore and bosinesa; teL Boaa 53 1.
J. Mlchiells Launch Co. . Uaioa-st, Wharf : boat-
lng A -xcarsloas. 5 Steoart -t-rt-LJoha 268<.
- ltATT_lESS_3 AJTD FI-XOW8.
TO order; renovated. dUlnfected (formaldehyda
process): excellent carpet — eaala». HOPKE
BROS^ 1-32-34 Howard st.; phene 8oa-_81^,
MCSC-O -U-3nSO~S — VOfL SA3-S.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting- etc. etc. bought, sold.
rented aad exchanged; see Suaday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st,
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second -hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
wilh privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWIC__*BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission st, ¦
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. ia rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st,
SAFES and DESKS — As w» are going to move
to New Montgomery St., aad to avoid movtag
stock, will sell at big cut ia prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 181- Market -t.
A— BUYS sells or reata gear machinery, ea-
pines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 233-253 Spear at,
BOOKS — 30 vol.*. Scientific American complete;
15 vols. bound; also 30 vols. Encyclopedia
Britannica: make oCer. Box 1*30. Call office.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry oa small weekly or
moathly payment*. DEREMEB'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. opstalrs.
J. COOPER, geats* full-dress reatal parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstair*.
TRY ou r men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
EXTRA fine cocker spaniel ptrpples for sale;
$10. 320 Fifth st. __- -'-3
GENUINE water upanle! pups for sale: 428
Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN: upstairs.
ARK for sale: finely furnished. Apply J.F.W..
125 Tenn-ssee at.. Vallejo.
NO. 1 cow and ealf. Apply 307 Thirtieth st.
ID-HAND bids-, material: lumber., door. sash.
. plumb, material. ; The Dolan. Co.. 160T Mkt.
A FIXE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 np; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third ;teLMaia 413.
DESKS - bought, sold and exchanged: T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st,; teL South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
- $100. GARIN. 13S Montgomery St.
FOR sale — First-class aew bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 10214 Market St.
SAFES and cash Registers. - new and' second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, reatal;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to IS
h. p.. cheap E. R BECK A CO.. 122 MXt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery ¦*_.¦
GASOLINE englaes. automobiles aad launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cants — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, tn wrapper, for mail in*. $1 per year.
M_sc_n___A_rEOxrs "wa-tts.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., __•
Stockton st. > -
WANTED — A second-hand gas engine; ta good
condition; about 21. horsepower; price must
be low. Address box 1415, this office.
FOR exchaage — A good Slag*r sewiag i_Uc__n«
for a trunk. Box 1452. Call office. * .
WANTED — A tame, tralned-to-harness billy
goat for child to drive. Box 955. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154.9th rt.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
HIGHEST prices for !adl«s',gent'- CastoflT cloth-
ing, etc. Tel. Davis 825; 630 Saerameato st.
HIGHEST price- for ladles', geatlemea's east-
o> cloth., etc. 923 Folsom st,: teL Fol. 3522.
MO-TET TO X,OAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
e01-002-«03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no dlsappointm*at-.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages,, undivided teter-
rsts, as«lgniaeats of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates aad undivided ia-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous ueat— cat.- Strtetly confidential.
Whea You Need Money, *
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa . .
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, oa real estate or
Chattels-. ta- city, towa _
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc. -
Box 43<J>. Call Office.
PRIVATE — MoBey leaned oa salaries without
security: dlameadsor chattels; no fee; no
com. : cut rate. Cal Loaa Co.. 52ft Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS- "
Money l_i ned salaried people without secur-
ity or iBijorsemeat. knowledge of employer er
any cne: confidential and courteous treatn*?_t;
* call aad get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON furniture er. pianos at lowest rate.; no
removal: n- publicity; also oa real estate:
1st or 2_ mortgages or on any sectrrtty ; aay
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3« Geary, room 3*. j
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
I liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
• per «eat" iaterest, Baldwla Jewelry Store.
| j 84S Market: tel. Mala 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY. loaned to salaried people, retail axr-
chants, teamsters, . boarding-houses, without ,
security ; easy payments; large business In 44
principal cities. Tolmaa. 533 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market ¦_,
LOANS FROM 11 TO (10.0001
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
. no cemmissioa: no publicity; $23 up; qalek.
quiet, confidential. 26 MoBtgotaery St.. rm. 21.
, MONEY | to loaa at low interest; gold, stiver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stoaes bought
at'W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
CRESCENT Loaa Co. loans to salaried people
just on Useir note; easy payments. SCO Riai-
ta ' bids.. New Montgomery aad MUstoa sta.
' MONEY loaned on salartss, chattel mortgages.
life insurance policies, etc Unit** Loan aad
; Trust Co.. 21 Stocktoa st. »
, TO salaried pe-jple without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes aad other security. S.
T. DbKount , Agency. . 143 Fhelaa bids. -
' STAR Loaa Co. "of Wyoming loan- to salaried
• - employes. Room 311, Mutual Sa v. Bk. bldjc.
M03TET TO I.OAJC— Conttftttad.
DON"T borrow money oa salary uatll you ae«
us. Hstt-o Credit Co.. SOU Mutual Eank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Back bldg.. 7C8 Market i-
AL.L lea-.: oa dlamccds aad Jewelry 2 r«r cent
as o. S. F. Collatera' Lean Bank, 533 Kearay
3% OX furalt-re A pianos; $13 op; no removal;
ao com. V. TREMAIN. roora St. 9 Eddy St.
CASH loaned salaried people ca notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner buildiajt.
'I M-TPICAX- >
LADIES destrtrsff safe, rare and <r_!<_. rallef
frota irregularities conaclt tae;_py r_et_cd_
are pataless aad reliable: eo f_4ures: no ex-
orbitant fees CONSC—TATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years" experience la all f—
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st. rooms 7 aad 8.
LADIES — If yoa are la trouble, confide Ia me.
R-Iief for lrrera!art:i-~. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted •xciu-ivety to>
¦ these coa-itloas. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who eaa say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 300 KEARNT ST.
MRS. DlfwYETH. . specialist for~all fnaal*
complaints and Irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 829 Pest st.
MKS. DR. KOHL, reliable spedal'st for all fsl
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS*- Market *t.. opp. 5tX
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— An who are sick or
la trouble consult this specialist oa f«mal9
complaiats: pcsitlvely corrected; the uafort'j-
2 aate helped; the tr.cet difficult cases treated;
• advice free. Office 1018 Market st. " , ¦ .% . ,
MR3. BERNARD. 17 Fbnrtii St.. room 9. po»-
Itlvely cures rhe-matism; magnetic vapor _s
¦team baths. Office hoars 10 a. m. to 7 p. nx.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES aad HINDOO HERBS:
original 8-ethod of treat-neat. 1128 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A LeavenwortJi st. _«-
tweea Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumrr>uad: safe. s_r«» nerer fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
'DR. ROSEN, resideace 2995 Fotsora st. corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
! ,^^__-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_- -_-_-_-__»_-_---------»
MTJSXCAXi 13 STHTJ—L-Ui T-L ,'-' - :
plaao* for sraall roc-ns. median- six* for
average rootcs. big pianos for large parlors.
haUa. ate: pianos tcr rent at $1 par cnnntlt.
some at $2. a large number of good caaa at
$2 50 per _o. ; our owa atake plaao* at $3
per mo. (tba best tastrumnat «Sered far th*
naoaty 'la SL F.); a Una llaa of elegant largs
piaaos for $4 and $3 per tno.; ever $190 ta-
ltruments to select from, all of them i good
bargaias to bay aa w«U aa> rent: en* year's
rental allowed off purci__»e price SCOTT*
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. MO-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH Olr . UPRIGHTS— Ea*y Pa— aaats.
Ermrti. small aprlght for practlc* $*9
Wood worth aaoV Allovoa. spleadid order., tt
Ne_ aaaa. mahogaay case, a bargala.... 123
Ghera) an. Clay A Co., good order 123
Grove it eea A Fuller, sptondtd order 143
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. lo O'FarreU st
AT 12 per month up. rent or porchas*: lowest
terms, lowest prices aad greatest variety- of
new planes; all nakw ta tised instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. -35-237 Oeary St.; Oa*-
Und. 1232 Broadway: largest exclusi-a pUao
house aad only manufacturers here. - -- : f.
Talking machines, g-ltars. etc.: easy payraeat.;
month's piaxto rent free. Bruenn. 223> Sutter.
A G«org'» Steck upright grand: elegaat ma-
hogany case: cheap. Hornung. 214 McAllister.
SECOND-hand piano. $123. BACIOALUPI. 7s4
Mlsatoa «t.
A PRTVATZJ party left Fischer uprlgSt t» b*
sold: $133. 237 Geary sC
A FISCHER upright plaao for sale; aa good as
new; $133. 237 Geary St.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy p<a_c«, Cecellaa piaa»
pUyer. BYP.ON MAC2T. -08-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold ea $3 mecttUy p_y-
geata. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister rt.
3- PEDAL Steinway up: C-ickertng baby graad;
Ehoniager. »tth» used. Keeges. 2S5 OFarr»tl.
OPFICES A-TD STOXXS TO I_ET.
AN elegant store for rent: suitable for barber
shop tailor or haberdasher. Inquire at
Temple Bar Salooa. 7C0 Grant ave.
LOWER part of 423 Satter st. ; suitable for
business purposes.
p^aoarAxs. r^^^
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings. etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If yoa desire a fresh, young face, call ot
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st
DR. ROWELL' 3 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druxz ists tor
over 2O years; price 5Oc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
aad itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
eept ao substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1333 Pali.
WANIED-To know the address, etc.. Of Jcha
Leaning, supposed to be at present In S»a
Francisco. Ad«lress GUST PFERSCHING,
Rural 2. Petaluma. CaL
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blocd <a£eet_a«
skin, mouth, boaes, etc.) speedily ct_red by,
rkilted specialist from Europe. Apply Centra!
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A GUARANTEE TO. GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 333 O'FarreU st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits.' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU eaa buy $75 worth of fumltare for *7 SO
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st-, near Po— »'.!.
X Visitors, we shampoo, aiaai-ure.dresa hsir.
etc.; cheapest, bast In ctty. 133 Powell st.
ETES examined free. THOSt HOUSEWORTH.
optician. 1584 Market st,. rm. 207: eat. 1931.
Superfluous hair remored: electric aeedle. Mrs.
Eatoo. 3»2> Satter. Miss Eatoa. 233 Geary. r.3S.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-'
trie needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 117» Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants cr fancy
vests for $14 73. Fred Wagses. 85O M-rkst.
LADIE3 and gentlemea. yoa will find best hair
tonic la the world at 1SX0 Satter st.
ELEGANT suit to order A 1 ex. pair pants. $13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt, St.. bet. 7C- A St—
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, aearly 3 carats.
$2SO. GARIN. 138 Moatgomery st. '
TAILOR-iiADE salt f7 10; dress paats $2 5O.
Misfit clothmr P-rlor. cor. Bush and Dcpoct.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Heaaa restores gray
hair to Ha natural eotor; $1; at all drugglstsr.
FA___tJST— T.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chetro. reveals facts
that wtU asto alsh yea. pcftra— I *•«_•. _*»*
• scribes i e-aemles: advice grrea. 478A Ttn •-. at.
' _»_-T3ICX_,_f S A_TD JTU-tOUO-CS. t
DR. C C. CDONNELL- -Office and remldaacv.
1C21H Market st^ bat. tth aad 7th: partJca-
lar atteatloa paid to diseases of woaaaa.
BLOOD skla and rectal diseases a spad— ty.
DR. BALL 1073H Market st. r
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doeter.
treats aU diseases of the hnasaa body: for
past fo_T years at 113-U7 Masoa st. now lo-
cated at W7 Geary st.. near LeaTeawort-.
WONG WOO the famoa* herb doctor - Aft _ts-
ea-es cored" by Ch-aese barbs. T4--8 Pay t.
PAT-UTS.
IKVENT1ON3- patented. T. P. MEDrNA. at-
toraey-at.--wr« Hobart bldg.. 5S2 -farketst.
Pg-tC-UL-g-fO AGggCTEg.
CLARA eTjEWETT. parcha-ing ageat: coua-
try orders a specialty; eorr_po^4— e« aotlcit-
«d 35OT 17th st-.Saa F _ — Iscq. TeL Cagp Sag.
sir— __g atACgan-S ajtp _s uy jpxjct.
IS your old sewiag maehine out of fix? We wtli
trade you a aew oa« for It. Visit the mw
retail office of the Wl»lt» Company. 913 Mar-
ket st. aad see th« great eoUeettoa of b_x-
» chine art wcrk now oa exhlbicioa: 100O aew
Whites for rent: best machines oa earth.
t_oS__STIC — The _aa chine for f ana fly ose: best
js cl-ea'^st; -eeond-haDd tllaukM a» aay
1 trice' all kinds rented lowest rates. Do-Bea-
U- office. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth. •
A NEW Home the best sesond-haad __c_:_-:
til kinds. $3., $3. W: ctt-raatead: w_era the
dctl- «wiac ta t_» window. 1061 Market st.
» Cont-nfd on Pago Tweira.
ri--r_OT---5-nr wa-ttep— ynuo-cw
A fe-TRONG tr o____i wt-hes work wa-hicg on
_-=r.-a>: half <Uy Friday, sweeping aad
__st:_.f. Cail Saturday evening or S-Ztday.
115 Twelfth st. _____
EY —OS celore- wcisaa. sweeping or _e>«*n-
i=z: by day cr hear. Call cr a__ress 16
_tocktca glace.
TOC9CO lady wishes to coach cfcild— a or
adults in primary cad g^-ar_i_ar studies, ac-
cre-s ailSS A. L. 1033 _anc-<- St.
-mn« -rub's to _**irt in restaurant or
"-*S_r4_-iSaS Call -t 7 Eal.wla Court, eff
Fuis-t-j «t.. near First.
A YOUNG wcTEar war.ts position as wcrkiag
fcot_wkeeper in hotel; wages $-3; would go to
ccu_iry; experience; ref-. Box »44. CalL
vFoMAN wants work by the 4-y; wa___s or
ho_sec!ea_i-s: $1 50 aad car fare. MRS.
OSGc D, 115 Hayesst.
¦WOMAN wa-ts w__hi_x aad trtm__x by th«
e.y. S21 Valencia st.
FIRST -CLASS chanibemald. Address box
XflS- c_:i offi^
WANTED — Plain sewtcg by the day. Box
1C76, Call offise^
SITUATION to mike buttonhole*. 645 Ll_-
ert7 ft.
XOG3CO lady wc_- like plain tewing by the
-ay. 244 Jessie st.
POEITION wanted as seac-streu. Box 1306.
Call office.
PLAIN sewiag wanted by ccaspeteat woman.
257 Mlnca street.
A YOUNG woc_a wishes _!t_ati-a. Box 1203.
Call c_£c«.
CnTA-TON as a-—*. Bcx 1285. Call office.
TOUNG lady dectres position; clerical work.
O. M.. bcx 1213. Call efflce.
EEAMSTRE-S wants steady wcrk. Call or
address 675 Kansas St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
TTOMAN would live _=y kind of work by th«
**?. 1217 Howard rt
WANTED — Po»:tio_ as curse girl. Address
bcx 1225, C_ .1 «?_=e.
WANTEU— By rr.idSle-egu- lady, po*moa as
fcou_*k*«"j> er. l_06 Fu:tcn et.. near Lyoa.
WANTED— Few families' washing to take
br— je. Card or lr.<r_ire 2219 Baker et.
SWEDISH gir! wishes genera* housework;
—ages $15. £3*8 Eryact St.. near 22d-
A TOUNG la*y wants a pesitica la sc_« of-
fice; laexperieaeed. Box 12S3. Call office.
Ar-VEllT-S-^irNTS rolMcriirtlona received at
Cal! branch orflce. e^.Duncsji aad Church sts.
VANT •-- and rub»<-r1ptio_» taken for The
Ca_( at Eatce's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
_ag_o~-~-~r wAK-xa — male.
A POSITION fcy young raan: accountant, book-
ke^rer. stencrrarher; thorcagfcly v«— «d In
all forme vt Vl^rleal work : emt"lcy»d at pres-
ent : t*« of reference. B«-x 1455. Call office.
WANTED — £!ttiati~i. by en engineer and nta-
et—irt. with 0 years' experience: t.\f> un-
«ic-__nd« electrical reneratcr*. motors, ice
rmlur.g, firing with oil. Bcx 1545, CalL
BOOKKEEPER, with experieoce in lumber and
—¦aersJ merchandise; references and bond.
Bcx 1633. CaU ofece-
G.*R_>__VER wishes pltxc or will take
charge vegetatle place ia hcteL Bcx 1103,
Call office.
COMPETENT fore— aa f<?r vineyard acd cel-
lar. »!*o experieared Ja orchard, wishes po-
sition. Picas* apply 630 Sacramento «.
CAP.PTNTER (nm-cr.ior>, can plan building.
wants wcrk; will go to country. Box 1_8.
Cail effic*.
A STEADY, sober German dishwasher , withes
position. Please call -58 Foigota st;
TOUNG -ra'cghts—aa, g— »_uate from G«— taay.
with two years' experience in shops and two
years' cffl<-e werk in New York, desire*
iAe pos'-tioa ia San Frarciseo. Address F.
LAZABUS. 216 Lenex t»».. Ke» York City.
EOCKKEEFER — Tcacx niaru there agh ac-
___r"_r.i, experienced ta handling credits
(,»• c^rre*pcs4e_;e. uaderstands latest caeth-
o-» £estres tituatioa where some executivs
ability is essential; excellent references; sal-
ary tawierate. Box 1107. Call efflee.
TOUNG r_in. 20 yrers old. knowledge of Ger-
r-n. French. English. 4 years' experience
first-class hotels, war.ts office position la
hotel. Address M- J. DUTTBERND. 10__
Jackson et.
STEADY, reliable young maa. 23. expert, book-
it e-per.-eti re* place as bookkeeper or aseist..
with ctance cf advanc*m«at ; first -elaes r»fer-
-' — wages low to begia. Bcx 1445. Call.
OFFICE man with executive ability, strictly
UT to <J*te tn accounting and correspond eaee,
seeks ecga*e_eat; will audit er systematise;
refert-sces. Box 1210. Call.
BfEKSE '—a-* i, gradaate training school.
wishes ctse aey kind: first -class American
zjni E=xii-_ reference"!: thorourhly uader-
rtan4» werk; used t9 travel. Bcx 1330. CaU.
COMPETENT man having years of experience
masts fc^ti:-. es manager of rrocery or
w<w!d _e!l *oeeUJtie_ In city or State. Box
ISC-. Ca!" effiae-
TOUNG rr.an hard worker, wishes posltloa as
aseirtact la lead surveying, fnographicai
•ketchiBg. etc.: any locality; good draaghts-
ira_u excellent reference*. Box 1386. CalL
BOOKKEEPER and cashier. German (38).
texperat*. 12 years' eiperieaca in office
wrrk: references and bend; country pre-
f erred. Bcx 1048. Call offlc*.
REL.IAELE stceedy. sober man wants poeitloB
a» <!•>• er night watch maa; rity or country.
£33 Sacramento »t.. Overland Hoo-e. .
A YOT'NG man. good reference*, wishes a situ-
ation •* bartender in city er country town.
Box __*». Call office.
ENGINEER. st«*m; eaa make all repairs:
have good tools: Al references as to ability,
¦efcriety. etc. Actress _.. 1—9 Bash st.
FTRST-CLA_;s all arotis. man wi*e_ poeitioa
by -*y or » ••* es honse ar.d window cleaner.
Address bcx 1C31. Call o*ace.
YOTTCO man wevll like elevator positloa la
office fcuiliJ!r._ or w^r4e.aie h<»cs«: has ex-
perience. Bex 1211. Call.
FIRsT-CLAfiS all around man wiefees position
. »., £_ y er week as b~2se ar.d window eleaa-
er. Ad«res« tvx 2192. Call office. •
A F1K-T-CLAS?, irjd*p*_dent. licer.st- plumber
wans wca-k tor «k« *»y cr meek: has all nee--
eoeary thsp tocU B^x 1240. Call effle-
AC00CSITAVT, eix years in eaa— t; especsaHy
reeorr ur ended fcr a<"«iraey «a<! honesty; $80
a Jsoat-i to rtart with, ttox 9.5. Call office.
GERMAN years, until now in Uaanburg ex.
j<?rt «ra, wtt-.es jwsitioa; »al-ry moderate.
Bcx a37. CaU.
WANTED— -Ituaticn by experienced collector;
bett reference. civ«n and head If necessary.
A.drees **& 1015. Call offlc*. Oakland.
HOP.K »_-?t^-. at borae: trar.slatlocs, Eag-
Ksh. itcUaa. Frencb. Spanish: corrtspon-
<!«nce. ti". Bcx 1023. Oil efflce.
A J-PANKSE f-Utfal b»r «Jp*lree a DUce *»»•
ei*h-.«.fc»r «r any kind cf work after 7 p.
::i. HENRY. 1303 '-i Caetro si.
A BRIGHT young Jipaneae wanu a poeitioa j
a* a match r»jjflrr»r; have •,xr»eri« > ne» ¦ of 5
»e_r«. N. YOKOYAMA. _5« J*s_ie St.. elt*.
DOY ma_U a positiaa as errar.- bey. 3 Ship-
ley st -r.iu . ..
TVANTEO — A positloa as waiter. Bos 10C1.
Call offif«. ¦ j
SITUATION wanted as firrt -€'.«*; salesmaa: Al j
rtfertcr**. Bcx lt*0. Call nffit-e.
BOY -mnts Jcb aa a caih toy. 815». Filbert
,_ -treet. \
tt i — ,i i ;
BOY «a_t« to 5e_m trade. HERMAN COLD- ,
STEIN. 5S Bb«tw«ll et.
rLU-tEEn wacts Jeb. 14 LasVic st. j
SHOW rard writer wishes pcaitlon. Dox I0C2. !
Call office.
BOY wacr* psiithan to learn rl-mber's trade.
-44 .-«;• St.
TVASTTO — Job as candy maker. RAY
ETP.ICKLER. 6 Mary Terrace, eg Turk st.
BARBER wtnts poaitioa. ' Apply 1557 Mis-
sion st.
BOT wants a poeitioa tn a wholesale house-
reft— aces. Apply at 122« Eddy at. -
CLANK book forwarder withes emsloyroect.
Bax 9C1. Call office.
WANTED— Pcsitlca as waiter. Apply £00 Mls-
•ioa.st.
"WANTED — A Jcb _* watchreaa. L BERRY.
HO Powell rt.
PO5ITI0X as ao-ej-tcaker. Bex 1237, Cal 1
•**—*¦ I _HH_H I __i__
gEIP WAliT-n>— MAI_E— Cort-nTted.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
Phone Main 0-54.?.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the Gem an, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish, Slavonian
and Danish languages.
19C3 We Gave 190* We Hope to
60,000 Mea Work. Increase 60.000.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES. $3 day.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city, $2 day. •
2 brush makers, rare $1, $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MOLDERS.
15 coopers, tight and slack work.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES. Etc
SECOND DONKEY MAN, $60 found.
HEAD LINEMAN. $75.
65 laborers, mills yard, NORTH ...$60
35 laborers for woods aad camps. North, $60
HELP BUILD IT.
165 laborers to cat brush away; help build
.. R. R. from sawmill to woods; fare $6..$6O
LOOK, BOYS.
25 boys or young men. work in bot. factories,
. $30 AND $35 FD., NORTH.
1H5 wocdehoppers: tools, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU. *
MURRAY A READY.
» 634-636 Clay et.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIANS.
155 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st,
LOS ANGELES.
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE Dlst.,
the Land of Sunshine. FRUIT A FLOWERS.
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R. R.
$4 60 FARE. THAT'S ALL.
365 two and four horse teamsters $60
MURRAY A READY.
634-636 Clay st. .
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
15 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes.
mines, saloons, ranches, etc, $30, $40, $50
to $S0 and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1, >35 and fd.
12 waiter*, different city and country Jobs.
! IS DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS.
i BEDMAKERS. BELL. AND ELEVATOR
' BOYS
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers, $12; ironer, $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
$10, $30 found.
Sausage-maker, $14; experience, bone hams,
$14.
FARMS. DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands. $26. $3O, $35 found.
5 milkers, $30 and $35 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 chore boys and men. $15, $20. $25. $30 fd.
COACHMEN, GARDENERS, STABLEMEN
16 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75,, $60,
$30 and found.
Beys, learn trades, tend stores, etc. '
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY. '
4 concrete finl-here. mine buildings, far-
paid. $4 50 day. ¦
4 plasterers, free fare both ways, $4 50 day.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, ironer and stare her, fare $1, $2 SO.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoere, floor and fire, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS. $S0.
Knife man, pig's feet shaver. $2 75 day.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st,
MINE DISTRICT! ~
25 laborers, fee $1. fare C, $30 found.
25 two-horse teamsters, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 aad 636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORIC * ~
NEVADA STATE.
155 teamsters. $75.
155 laborers. $75.
FEE $1. ' THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay si
. ..^ __________ ____.
12 carpenters,, fare 5»>c.. J4 day.
14 carpenters, fare 25c., S. M. Co., $3 60 to
$4 day.
16 carpenters, city Jobs. $3, $3 50. $4 day.
12 grape packers, southeast. $1 75 day fd.
Spool tender, far* *2 20. $45 to $50 fd.
FREE FARE. R. ft. WORK, FREE FARE.
TO-DAY.
25 -pikers: YOU'LL SUIT $60
25 laborers; YOU'LL SUIT $60
Office fee only $1.
5 laborers for woods, fare $5. $35 fd.
Man. wife; man milk 25 cows, wife cook for
3 men; no other women on ranch, $40 fd.
FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or 'boy who can eat fruit ""
CAN PICK FRUIT.
" M mea and strong- boys, fare $1. $30 and fd^
¦- OFFICE FEE ?1. ; .
4 butchers, fare $1. $2 75 day.
.. Starcher and Ironer, fare $1 2j. $2 50 day.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare $1.» $30 fd.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
155 trackmen, $67 to $75.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch, no woman
there, $40 found.
BUTCHERS.
Second butcher, slaughter-bouse, fare $1 23.
$50 found.
Third butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
$40 found.
Phlp calker for dredger, fare $1. $3 50 day.
Two varnish finisher-, little experience, $1 50
to $2 day.
Bedmaker. $20 fd.: man run wash machine.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman: city.
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 CUy St.
FREE STREET FARE; $1 FEE.
15 laborers: corporation work; city: $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO BUTTE: $1 FEE."
55 laborers: only Jl fee; $67 50. ,
55 teamsters; only $1 fee; $67 50.
MURRAY A READY. KM-638 Clay st,
FREE RAILROAD PASS— FES $1.
125 laborers, different Jobs, $1 7. day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st,
MANAGER HERE— GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
23 single and double hand miners. $7o, $82 50.
MURRAY A READY. 6TM-636 Clay St.
BAND sawyer, city mill. $2 50 day. \,* ; -;.'
BOYS— BOYS.
. 12 boys, city factory, fee $1. $6 to $7 50 week.
Boy helper, city bakery, hotel, $20 and fd.
3 dishwasher*, city cafe, $35 and found.
Waiter, institution, city. $25 and found.
2 waiters, hotel, south. $Vi and found.
Oysturman. 10c fare, $45 and found.
Middle-aged man, drive delivery wagon, $20
and fo'-nd.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
4 CARPENTERS, faetory. fare $1, $3 50 day.
Horseahcer, fare $1. boss here. $3 to $3 50.
Harness cleaner. $60.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
8 boiler makers. 32*4c to 36«4o hour.
FREE FARE.
12 plnmber*. regular wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUR FARE FREE.
"2S teamsters, mine district. $60.
25 laborers, mine district, ?60.
10 laborers, fare 15c. $1 75 day.
MARRIED.
Married farmer and wife; man a3 foreman.
¦n-jfe as cook few men; dots; $f>3 to $75 fd.
Walter and wife; both for dining-room;
mine; $50 fo»nd.
Farmer and wife; man teamster, wife cook;
dairy; «5 <£«£££ .; - • . "- ¦
Boy deliver butcher's order*. -
2 porters, saloons. $-"» and found.
LOOK.
4 carpenter*, factory, far* $1. $3 50 day.
• MURRAY A READY. 03*-«36 Clay st,
CLERK; our office; youns man; live home with
P * r il-RBAT 4 READY, 634-636 Clay st.
3 machinists, factory, fare $2," $3 day.
3 carpenters. Ala. Co., boss here. $3 day. :
2 helpers for carpenters, city. '$1.75 day.
PRIVATE.
Gardener, special, private job. $30 fd/
" Choreman. residence. 10c fare. $35 fd.
*: FACTORY.
10 Ubor-rs. factory.^^
2 firemen, steamer, call early. $50 fd.
Plumber's helper, little exp., 10c fare, $1 50
***"• SPECIAL. '
Waiter, crucial Job. *4<> fd.
Printer. ?1 5rt day; 3 pcrters.
Cook, hotel. Napa- County. $40 fd.
S Cook, few aien. ranch. fd.
I . BAKER—.
Foreman cake baker. ?25 week.
Eaker's helper. • -ladera Co., $30 fd.
. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
OFFICE ; assistant: yonfng man of good char-
acter- rouet: write. well and be expert at fig- J
' cres. ' Address box ,1246. Call otHcg.
POR gale— Barber shop and ; baths; '¦¦ clearing
$35 to ?40 a' week; in towa of .180* popula-
tion- - Address box 2179, Call . of flee.
! b VRBER. Wednesday, ' Saturday : and Sunday;
bring tools. 411 Devlsadero st. . ; -
BARBER ; waated. 2403 Folsom ¦ rt., near
Twentieth. ¦' * •
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire at 326
:. Montgomery ave. -.
BARBER — Married ' man for , country * hotel;
-wife as. housekeeper. Address box 144S. Call.
GOOD "steady barber for 10c ; shop. " Call 623
? Clay St. '. ;¦ ... - - ¦-::.-. . •;.- .- - , . "; ?
GOOD 'unicn barber, -.'Wednesday.' Saturday or
Sunday, or steady. 4085. Sixth st.
H--LP WA-TT-IO-- _y***T.T-_-C___,
A NURSE for aa institution in city. $25.
board and room; a nurse for 2 children, place
in San Rafael, $30; a cook for a private
bearding- house, Oakland. $35: a laundress
acd second girl, San Rafael. $25; a cook aad
general housework girl, small family, in
Ross Valley, J_3;.four house work girls for
Berkeley, $25 each: two good seco— 1 girls
for ctty places, $25 each; a restaurant
wai tress for city. $9 a week; a cook for
boardinsr-hcuse. $40: 4O housework girls for
city and country, $30. $-3 and $20. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near PowelL ¦
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdre-sing.
manicuring, etc; trade taught trom A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering bow;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school la West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
_ — PACIFIC College teacaea hairdresslag,
manicuring, electric massage, etc: give 8
hours' practice a day; add parlor practice ta
schooling; secure positions; day aad evening
classes; absolutely no connection with any
place ob coast. Call 133 Powell st.
A — GIRLS to learn mllltnery now for fall sea-
son : both seasons taugat from start to Balsa
in one month for $15: positions as trimmers,
calesladiea.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.r. 13.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for Juvenil* cloth-
Ing, hats, caps and furnishing goods. Apply,
stating experience and salary expected, box
1634, CaU office.
INTELLIGENT typewriter to take charge of
efflce. Call 524-525 C_ Uaghan building,
Wednesday at 10 a. m.
WE want waist hands and apprentices; satis-
factory wages and regular employment,
Sentinel Manufacturing Co.. 112 First st.
WANTED — A girt for upstairs work. 1018
Sutter at, .
STENOGRAPHER aad bookkeeper. Box 1248.
Call office. -
YOUNG girl- to do upstairs housework: wages
$2O. Call 2672 Vallejo St., near Devlsadero.
I GOOD cook: must help at general housework;
wages $3O. 2672 Vallejo St., near Devlsadero.
APPRENTICE «raat_d oa men's neckwear.
511i_ Gough st.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1126 Fell st.
WANTED — Girl for housework and plain cook-
ing. 171S Geary st.
WANTED — Strong . German girl for cooking
and general housework. CaU 317 Larkin st.
GIRL for general housework; rood wages; 8
in family. 939 Fell st.
GIRL for family of 2; ref. refluired; good
home. Apply 2435 Franklin st., nr. Green.
WANTED — Colored woman as housekeeper.
Call 722 Commercial st.
LADIES to do light work at home; $10 to $15
¦weekly; no experience necessary, as we give
you complete Instructions. Box 2181, Call.
NEAT young- lady as cashier; must live home
with parents: references: small' cash bond
required. Call 10:30 a.m.. 805 Mlgslon st,
APPRENTICES and first-class makers wanted
in millinery store. 692 McAllister et.
RELIABLE woman; gocd pay. Address box
- 1242. Call office.
MACHINE girls and finishers on vests. 6411.
Stevenson st.. between Sevectth and Eighth.
WANTED — Experienced candy saleswoman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.
APPRENTICES— Wholesale millinery. HOLM
A NATHAN 312 Market st.
________________ 1
A NEAT girl to do general housework: wages
$20. 335 Bartlett st.
NURSE for two children; wages $20; refer-
ences. 4140 Twentieth st.
EXPERIENCED waltresee* wanted. 20 Third
street^
WANTED — German girt; general housework.
Apply 9 to 12, 414 Van Ness ave. .
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
. Cbutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object:
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — First-class clothing and gents' fur-
nishing sc-.rt* salesman for large depart-
ment store in the Interior; salary. $20 per
week: see boss in city. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
»
WANTED — An experienced genera> utility man
fcr a furniture store located in country; must
be handy with tools and understand uphol-
stery, some cabinet work, carpets and lino-
leum: salary $15 per week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man about a place for private fam-
ily; must drive some, care for small gar-t
den, be acquainted with streets In the city;
salary. $35; references. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
DAIRY foreman, $50 and found; cabinet maker,
$-'i day; man for shooting club, $35 and found;
butcher, country shop, $35 and found; butch-
er's helper, $30 and found; 2 miners, $3 day;
3 laborers for mine; lumber pliers, $2 50 day
and $35 month and found; farmer and wife,
$50 and found; horseshoer, $3, $3 50 day;
blacksmith's helper. $35 and found; tally-
man, $40 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 62S Sacramento st.
BAKER, country shop, $12 week and found:
pantryman, $30; club waiter, $45; 2 cooks
and wives, $00 and $75, country hotels; fry
cook. $14 week; hotel waiter, country, $30;
porters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO., 62S Sacramento st. ¦
AT CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
14 Third St.. near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
GOVERNMENT WORK— NEVADA.
25 teamsters. $75 a month.
25 muckers and laborers. $75 a month.
Special shipment to-day, f«e $1.
2 house carpenters, "city, $4 a day.
3 carpenters, near city, $3 50 day.
4 laborere. quarry, $2 25 a day.
2 teamsters, city, $2 25 a day.
Sawmills, north, ship to-day.
4 laborers around mill. $35 and board.
4 lumber plUrs, $35 and beard.
2 carpenters, $4 a day.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMP. AGENCY
6-15 Washington at. Phone James 3301.
¦ LABORERS, ATTENTION.
25 laborers, new work. lCc fare. $2 to $2 25
day. 9 hours' work, board anywhere: 20 la-
borers and teamsters, north. $2 25 day; 15
team»ter», Chlco. $2 25, fare refunded; 50
teamsters, laborers and concrete men, Ne-
va«is, -$2 50 day; 6 woodchojppers. $1 50 cord,
min© co. ; 4 men for wine c?llar, $1 25 day.
board $*; free fare, north. 10 l&borers and
teamsters. $2 day.
L. N. CUTTING A CO.
". AT HORD A SMITHS. '
Contractors' Agents, 35 Third st. .
Rough carpenter, city. $2 50.
Oysterman. near city. $15 and found.
Grape pickers. Sonoma County, big money.
Dishwasher, ctty. $25 and meals.
Bench hand, cabinet-makers, south, $3 50.
We have laboring Jobs all over the State.
Come ar.d read our bulletins.
We can find you satisfactory work If you
want 1L -
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
219 Kearny st. Pbon* Black 2446.
First-class chemist, country. $100.
First-class dental sepply man, $75.
Retail driver, city delivery, union wages.
Feeder Gordon . press, union man, $12.
Bright young man. about 16, to learn furni-
ture business, $5 or $6 to start.
Yeusg-'i-an fcr leather house. $5 to start, .
Cleric fcr cirar stand, city, $50 month.*
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
, 10<> placer miners. $30 day earned.
trookkee;-er. $50 and found.
• 8a'.es2ian, photo. ruOrrtles, $15 week.
Many high-class positions open; call at office.
609 H»arst bldg.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bartwr fcr resort. $45 and found .
( WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
' dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and 11
J a. m. at HALE BROS. 1
t W \NTED— Experienced- floor manager; must
be Ismiliar with the dry goods business. Ap-
I ply between U and 11 a. m. at HALS BROS."
WANTED — First-class dress goods salesman.
Apply tKt-reen 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Man and wife . to do laundry and
cbamberwork and assist with Invalid; wages
$65. "CATTELL'S." 525 .8th St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Toung bmm- from 16 to 20 years of
' fege to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. ra. at HALE BROS.' .
MACHINIST for overall :aad shirt factory;
must understand sewing machinery. Box
1446. CaU office.
WANTED— Flrst-elasa barber to go to - coun-
' try ; wages $20 per week. Call at - U. S. • Ho-
tel,, bet. 10 aad 11 • ©"dock • to-day, 612.
WANTED— Salesman for tailoring store.' ~ Ap-
ply at- S2 Third st. -¦¦-. •¦¦¦-. .
CITY salesman wanted. ROBINSON : CHEM-
ICAL CO.. 349 Eighth st
Z-d-Pl-O xTaX-TT WA-TT-_P--M-J»---Coa.
MIDDLE- AGED mart with several years' ex-'
pcrience as collector and salesman In all
branches cf Installment business wants a
steady Job; can give best of reference and
bend if necessary. Address box 1236, Call.
A YOUNG Japanese couple desire pcsttio_3;
husband la good cook acd wife to do house-
work and waiting. K. INONE. 2224 Santa,
Clara ave., Alameda.
WANTED — A position as cashier; bend given.
Box I2S4. Call office.
A CTTY salesman desires a pceltlon. O. S..
121 Sixth rt. ¦
BARBER want- short ho_r work. 827 Turk
street.
AN experienced bookkeeper wants to get work
genday and evenings. Box 1209. CalL
WANTED— Position as Janitor. Apply 320
Jessie st, H. JONES^
1 WANTED— Position a* dry goods -aleaaxaa.
1224 Market st.
CARPENTER desires work: contract' or by
_ay. 2C27 Taylor st.
WANTED— Work as porter. JAMES PAR-
SONS. 276 Thirteenth st.
WANTEE— Position as drug clerk. EDDIE
SAMPTER. 20 O'FarreU st,
GARDENER <Gen__n) wishes position on pri-
vate place. Box 131S. Call office.
BL VNKECOK forwarder wishes employment.
Bcx ifil. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants schoolboy position. 1752
Fills-ore •_,
EPANISH-AMERICJLn veteran needs employ-
ment, 441 Geary st,, room 27.
YCUNG man wants light work. Address C F.,
515 «_ Bush st. „
WANTED— A position a_ a machinist. Apply
42 Tenti st.
! ¦ i
HONEST, wining young man wants position as
porter and fcelp tend bar. Box 1222, CalL
JAPANESE couple w»sh situations in a pri-
vate family: man is first-class fancy cook;
wife waitress at table and housework; 14 ]
years' experience; good reference. F. ISHE, ¦
51$ Jessie «t. Tel. South 89. |
j
GOOD, honest Japanese boy wants work la
de_tal laboratory, city or Oakland; have two
years' experience. K. OTSUBO. 375 Fifth
st.. Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants position as porter or
dishwasher, after 5:30 p. m. Address KU-
WAEARA, 521 Dcsont et.
JAPANESE wants poeition as waiter at table
| in family. HARRY S. SATO. 1617 Geary
I rt,: phoae West 97.
JAPANESE, faithful boy, desires a pl*ce as
dishwasher or any kind of work, after 7 p.
m. HENRY. 13031. Castro St.
AN hor.est Japanese boy wants place as
seboolbey In email family; stay long time.
K. K.. 1S0S Polk st.
BRIGHT Japanese boy* wants situation In good
family. Address H. W. K.. .332 Washing-
ten «t.
A YOUNG Japanese couple wast position; city
er country : man excellent cook; wife wait
at table. A. B., 4"5 Dupont st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES cad flats to let; aa immense Ust;
*erric» absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time' and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary st-. en the square.
SCOTT and Fulton, N. W. corner, opposite
Alamo Square — New lower 7 rooms and bath,
facing garden: large yard; rent $35. ,
WARM belt; 6 rooms: bath; nearly new; nice
garden ; baaensent; cheap. 4237 20th st,. nr.
Castro. •
NEW 7-roora middle flat. $32 50; new S-room
house. *."-5; latest improvements. 130 Second
ave., near Sacramento st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. CaU
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st,
BUSH. 1664. below Gough- lower flat — $23; 7
very la. -a* rooras: no objection to children.
CAPP. 10S6 — New sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath: good residence district.
EIGHTEENTH, 4_S3 and 45D_ — t and 5 rooms;
rent 517 and $18.
FLAT of 4 or T rooms: r#asoT_bIe;"7 months
Apply News Agent. Mill Valley.
GEARY. 22S7— Flat 3 rooms and bath: $15.
HOWARD. 2338 — 6 rooms and bath: every
room sunny: rent $25: no children.
NEW ut5o*r flat: 7 rooms: every convenience:
rent $_*i 50. 350 Precita ave.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Flllmcn: — Flat of
6 rooms; ' sun in every room; large garden.
SACRAMENTO. 10R0, above Powell — A nice
mod-m flat. 5 rooras and bath.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 33S3. nr. Noe— Flae sunny
upper fiat. 6 r. and h. ; cars pass door: $20.
PLATS TO LET — F77B-ST32ED.
TO LET— Partly f urnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
daily b«tweea 1:30 aed 5 p. m.. 78 South
Park.
FURNISHED house for sale, with store; low
rent; 156 First st.. for full Information.
FLATS FOB SALE — FTTI_2JTS_-£1>.
FOR sale — Pwell furnished flat of 5 rooms and
. bath; cheap. 190 Guerrero St.. 1*4 blocks
from Market st. Call bet. 10 and 2.
FLAT of 5 rooms. Just newly furnished; $173
if sold at once; sickness. 313 Kearny st,
ELEGANTLY furnfslxed 6-room modern flat;
ehown from 11 to 1 dally. 824 Geary st.
MrALLISTER. 1343^ — Elegantly furnished 7-
room Cat. Apply mornings. - \
FXTH-riTTTSi; FOB SALE.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Bar? rer. 433 Valencia,nr.l«th.Te!.Church 3S79.
H MEYER A Co. say highest price for fur-
niture. <-arpets. etc. JS2 Mission:tel.Bush S1.3.
4 FOLDING bed. $S; ton mattresses, $2 50.
ANDERSON'S. 13 Turk et.. Just off Market,
i $75 WORTH <>f furniture for $7 50 dowa. $1 50
prr week, t. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post sL
rU-UUTUHE WASTED.
— ~__ LEV _^ .
S»t«.room. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don"* sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until yoa get his estimate. -
EASTERN peccle want second-hand furniture;
b«*t prices. NAYLOR. 1217 Geary St.; phone
Larkin 1043.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK, orphanage, no bread $-15
4 cooks ctty and country $.'J0, $3o, $40
Parlor maid end waitress, city $30
I Cook and second girl, tarn* house $30. $25
I 2 cook- for small country hotels $30
Hou_»wor!c. 3 family. S-uista Co.. fare
here V^v"?^
5 aecnnd girts - $20. $25
.-Chambermaid aisd laundress $25
- Man ar.d wife, kitchen work, small country
hot^ •$"©
Woman with a child as housekeeper ?20
Kitchen helper Jor a hocne $25
4 ciaiBbern-ilds, wait on- meal ..$_5
¦ Cbajnr*Tir_id, rooming house ...... *!5
La_v'i Mid ...rt-...'. -\..?23
"» waitresses to go south, fare paid $25
¦t nurse cirls 515, $20. «r»
Laaadres* for children' s home .....$30
3 first-class ironers 110 and $13 week
• leaning woman for Institution... . ...... $18
"• 44'ceneral housework girls, city and country.
S20 $25. $30. Apply to J. F. OROSETT &
CO.'. Si \ ' Sntter st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Two bookk-ep«rs. $50; 2 stenographers, $30.
Reception lady, $40 to $50.
Many hlgh-elass and domestic positions open.
Call at office.
«S> Hear-t building.
A HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery St.. r.
12.— Masseuse for resort. $30 and found.
WANTED — First-class Jacket and skirt alter-
ation; hands. Apply between 9 aad 11 l ra.
at HALE BROS. . - ¦¦ ' : ¦ . ' ' '
GIRL or wonsan tor light housawork and assist
with children; Protestant. 133 Henry St.;
call after 5 p. m. - • . :
WANTED^-Operators on fine custom . shirts;
steady -r_rk. R. S. ATKINS, : U3 Mont-
*cnirry st.
OF LESLIE STERILIZED SALT TO WANT AD PATRONS-FREE
ITELP WA-TTEP — MAIiS — Coatlanta.^
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. '
642 Commercial St., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
SPECIAL — TO-DAY— SPECIAL-
CARPENTERS — COMPANY WORK.
12 carpenters, steady Job, $80 fd.
8 laborers, help carpenters, $42 f d.
SPECIAL—CALL EARLY— TO-DAY.
3 carpenters, $70 Id.; carpenter, mine, $120.
6 laborers around gold dredgers, $80.
Stableman, country livery, $45 to $5O fd.
3rd cook. $33 fd.: cook. 7 men, $30 fd.: 5
slaughter butchers, city. $S0; i_O laborers, all
over. $2 to $2 50 day. Nevada, to-night.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL '
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND- 32. 7TH ;
FLOOR, 508 MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL.
MORNINGS. - -
ERRAND boy; good wages. 641*. St«v_n_on ;
St., bet. Seventh and Eighth. ¦ •
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. Apply 790
Geary st, corner Hyde.
GOOD strong boy wanted for florist store. 23S
Sutter st.
BOOTBLACK la barber shoo at 10«2 Mc-
Allister st. ' - ¦ •¦' '
BARBERS, 3 chair shop -for sale: 2 steady
and 1 extra. Apply TROST. 308 Maao_ ,
TWO chair barber shop for sale; cheap. 3917
ISth st,
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week-
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction: positions secured; special Induce-
ment- this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 633 Clay at.
'ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan- I
ics, skilled and unsklUed laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
- A SMITH. 85 Third St.. 8. T.
I __ — ____________—_———____________——_——_-
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; eecd for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St, Louis, Mo. - •
WANTED — Men and women to prepare, for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1093 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolk_n*Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st,: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted: wages
$12 * week, at 152 East at., cor. Howard;
call early. ¦ ;
BARBERS — Good shop near city; only shop la
town: must be sold. DECKELMAN" BROS.,
106 Ellis st. .
TWO young men to learn the barber trade; a
good chance. For particulars call at 751
Mission st, ,
EXPERIENCED salesmaa for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendeat's office Th«
Emporium.
MEN and women learn the barber trade: wages
paid while learning. HEIGHT'S, 647 Com-
mercial st. • - -j^
TRY oor men's shoes, union made; $1 A $1 30
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50: we pay express
- charges. 11 3d st.. Exrn. bjd.:opcp till 9 p. nx.
FOR sale — Furniture for small barber shop.
Address 7 Vallejo terrace, between Mason
- and Taylor sts. -
BOY about 15 for men's furnishing store; one
that sr>eaks German preferred. 424 Kearny.
COAT pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
A GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. K55
Market «t.. room 6.
WANTED— A bootblack at 209 Larkin st,
BOYS wanted — Good wages and steady em-
ployment. Apply at 607 Market st.
WANTED— Steady, clean waller for after
theaters, j 111 Larkin st. :
WANTED — Oysterman. Apply 469 Seventh St.,
Oakland. ¦
COATMAKER wanted for the country: apply
Detmer Woolen Co. P. G. VALLEJO.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 669. Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st,
3-CHAIR barber shop: good location; 3 living-
rooms; rent $12; $150. 428 Sixth st.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire CaU office.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ;se wed soles 10 mln., 73c.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy.,r.4-_.
SAILORS and ycung men (green band*) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st,
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis,r.40.P_elan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — too rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ar.d subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU branch offlce.eor. Duncan A Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes. sUghtly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to COe. 563 Mlston st. bet, 1st and 2d «t_.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $8 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $$ to $3 day. 1114
Washington St., Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a.m.
SOLICITORS; good opportunity for bright mea.
Great American Imif. Tea Co.. 52-58 Market
EXPERIENCED canvassers. ?6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington it.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a. m.
HOBSES A2TD WAQOXTS.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round- near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 19o Stevenson, S.F.
SMALL horse; $13; good condition: for buggy
or wagon; must be sold to-day. 2728 Bryant.
WANTED — A business, buggj. Box 824. Call
office. ¦ . ¦ :
FOR *ale — Driving horse: trots or paces;
sound and perfectly gentle. Box S94. CalL
FOR sale— 15 fine surreys for cost price. 1503
Folsom "st. ,
ALL kinds of business wagons and buggies for
sale cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st.
NEW hiSR-Rrade buggy for* sale; cheap! Box
87-"J. Call office. .
WANTED— A good hcrre, #ma!l wacon and
harne-t. Bcx 1201. Call, office.
FOR sale — Hone, light wagon, harness. 44
', Beaver ?t.
NEW .1-svrlng business wagon for ssle cheap.
1CS0 Mission st. near Thirteenth.
AUCTION nate of homes, wagons and harness
-very Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagors. har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tbe Weekly
Call.. 16 pages, sent to any addres. In the
United Ftat*« or Can"«i* «ne ,y ear for ' $1.
aroxrsiis to _et-
list of houses to let: send for eir-
r ctilar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House of 10 rooms on California St.;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
CHEAPEST and best In Aaierica — The Weekly i
Call. 1»- pages, sent to aay address . fa the .
United States or' Canada one year for $1. !
; HOtTSES TO I-ET— -fu-fclTihK Kill.
TO sublet. 8-roora apartment, s completely far-
atsbed. 8 months.'- Apply the Empire, Bush
-. -and ' Leavenworth. : b_. - ' '
: HOUSES ! FTTH WISH-ID — 7OS **t.v ;
A BARGAIN— fl-room • furnished house, piano,
; sewing machine; $250; $100 cash.- 3S1 Post *t.-
FOR * sale— 13- room * Boose, ' neatly • furnished;
.-.will sell reasonable. CaU at SI 5 Geary at.
A ' WELL-FURNISH ED houee of J» rooms: all
sunny, rent <2T 50. '416 Mlnaa st. ¦-,¦-,
' •": ,^; , UTTAUP CTTAT-S.
' SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
. .; Eamea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel.Park 775.STOCK MAEKET.
Trading on All the Boards Much
Quieter Yesterday.
Business fell off on the Bond Exchange yes
terday, and there was very little change In
quotations. There was a further decline In
S^rin^ Valley Water to 538 50. The oil and
minln_- stocks were - quiet and trading in the
Tonopahs was extremely light in comparison
with the preceding day.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared Its regular quarterly
dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum,
payable October 1.
The California Fruit Canners* Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60
cents September 20.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
• will pay the usual monthly dividend of 6o
cer.ts September 20.
The dividend of the Four Oil Company,
regular monthly, 1c per share, amounting to
Cr«XH>, Is payable September 15.
The Western Dredging Company of Ala
meda County has levied an assessment of 35
cents per share, delinquent October 15.
The California Combined Oil Companies of
Kern County has levied an assessment of
2 cents per share, delinquent October 7.
The Lion Oil Company assessment of lc
per share, amounting to $4000, becomes de
linquent at the office of the company Septem
ber 30. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ?!i, A 5?/
4s qr coup..lC7 107% 4s qr cp new.l31f 4 13-*a
4s qr reir...lO6 1C6% 3s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.llS 119
Anso Oil 5s. 70 70U Do 5s .....110!* —
Bay CPC 5s.lOO — Do con 5s. — I<»«i
Oal C G 5s. — 103tt Oceanic S 5s. — .5
Cat G & E g Om Cable 68.1231$ —
m & ct 5s. — 81% Pac G Im 4s. 95 —
Cal-st C 58.1121* _ P E Ry 5».. — 105%
C C Wat 5s. — — P & C H 6s.lM —
EdL & P Ca. — 125 P & O R 6S.114 —
F & C H 6s — — Powell-st 6s. — * —
Geary- st 5s — S5 Sac EG*R5a. 90% 100*4
11 C&S 5Ka. — — SF & SJV5s.ll* —
Dor.s....l<H 102 Sierra R 6S..109U —
Hon R T 68.10C — S P of A 6s
I, A Elec 5s — — (inflft) 107»4 —
X. A Ry 5s. .116% _ (1910> .. .1CS% -
t i j, co Js — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Cs. - - (JflOMSr A. 103^ -
Do Ktd PS.1IVSU105 (IRTWSr B.104U —
LAP lem Bs.102^4 — n»W> l06 * 4 1 7; t ,
Mkt-et C 6S.11414 — ,"912) ••••• — m - ;
Do lrm.Bs.113% — *PC 1 eg 5».115? t —
MV& MIT59.102 — Do «tampd.in9% —
NRR of C6s.10«>4 — S P B R 6S.JK —
Do 5s ....US 119UIS V Wat 6s. 104 104tf
N P C R 5s. — lf>S% • Do 4s 2dm.lPO —
N C Ry 5?.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 9S% —
N C P C r.a. — J» Do IT mtsr4s 9SU, —
N S R R Ss. — 102XilStkn p*?" 8 -
O O. LftH Ss. — 107% U G & E 5s.lO2»4 —
O W gtd 5s. — lf.0 I
WATER STOCKS.
rontra r-osta 55 37 JPo-t Costa... V- --
Marin Co...— «0 |SVWatCo.*3 38^
GAS AND ELECTRIC,
Tent LAP.— 3%j8 F O & E. 62% 62S
Mutual K L. 11% 12Vi Stkn G * E. — 8«4
Pac L Co. . . 57 — ! II G &. E Co. — ¦ —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.3CO — I
BANK STOCK3.
Am NtlBk.. — 130 IL P & A....1W —
A™glo-Cal .. 84« - IMer Trust.:: 22214 -
Pank of Cal.420 — Merch Ex.... 50 56Va
Cai Safe Dp. — — | S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. • ;
Her S & L.22S0 2350 I Sav A L So. . — 100
Hum S ft L. — — I Sec Sav Fk..CSO 400
Mutual Sav. 0!> 1C0 I Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.607TJ — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California •-. 196»i — I Presidio — 41
Geary ...••¦ — 25 i
POWDER.:
Giant 63 65 IVlgorit — B
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. «m — I Makawell I C. — 29
Honokaa S C iSK 16% Onomea S C. 27 —
Hutch S P C 10% 11 I Paauhau S C. 16U 16%
Kilaura S C. 3 4 I
MISCELLANEOUS.
'Alaska P A. 129 130m Oceanic S Co. — 8%
Cal F C A. ««% 99%tpae Aas FA. *# —
Cal Wine A. R2 — I Pac C Borx.158 —
MV& MtTm. 96 — I Pac S Tel Co.l01«103
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — • ' . -
20 Contra Costa Water 36 P0
60 Honokaa S Co 16 25
40 Hutchinson S P Co .1100
200 Paauhau S P Crf 16 25
40 S F Gas *: Electric 62 37H
HO S F Gas & Electric... 62 25
150 S F Gas & Electric, s 90 62 25
2O Spring Valley Water Co 38 W>
$1 000 United Gaa & Electric 6s. ...103 50
Street— .
150 Paauhau S PCo 16 25
Afternoon Session.
Board — .
65 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 61 KO
250 Oceanic S S Co 3 50
Street —
250 Paauhau S P Co 16 23 »
$4. 0C0 -Pacific Electric Ry 5s.... 105 62%
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)..lC0 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Auk.
Bav CPC 6s. 93% — IS P C.R 4s. — 1C0
BliVWat 6s. — .117WS P Co 4%s.l00U —
Cal NW* 5s.. — 112%| Sun Tel Cs... — 113
M C Wat Ss.lOO — I Do 6s .....104 — .
RIs I Wks 5s — 105 lSnttr-st.R5s.104 — m,
SF & NP 5s.Hl — I UR of RF 4«. 84% -- "
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 27 2S% Lon& SF Bk. —'¦. 60
; Anaer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. — '90
Cal Cot Mils W) — Nev Nat Bk.197% —
Cal G&ECor. 43 4S N S R R Co. 91; —
C Jockey — N Cal PCo. — 9%
Cal Powder. — l?0 • Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 1F5 IOOF Hall A .6% —
Can Bk Oak — 05 Orpheum Co.. — 15%
Chutes Co .. — 6% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City ft C Bk — 120 Pac Sur.Co.lrt5 —
C,ypL Imp.. — 6% Paraf Paint.. 39 —
"East.; Dynnr..S.0rt I — S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 1 W) RF&PJ Co«l.. 17U 20
. • Do com .. — 60 S J Wat Co.lOSU —
FN Bk. Oak.120 . — SO & MTrbt.12.1 —
Fischer TMr 40c 65c Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frncb-A Fk.108 — I Truck Elect.. 11% _
Oas On A.. — 20%fUR InC pfd. RS% 59 -
Hnno P Co.. 25 ' ?S I Do com ... 14 —
Morning Session.
. -Street— ' ¦
; *4.00rt S F *-N P. Ry Ks ........111 «>
S3.0TO S F.A'N P Ry 5«. b 5.. Ill »>
: $6,000 United R R of S F. 4 per cent.' 84 75
¦ '"Afternoon . Session.
- Board-^-"
! $6,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 75
BbmwK^'" * Street —^\r*-*^'^ 3 ta™fyTr^|^y«"TO
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.' SI 73
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Associated Trust Cert....... 20 SB OjB
25. NE 6:3 L SE 80; $10.
Hannah Sullivan to Joseph and Adele Ju
llanni, lot on N line of Natoma street. 125 E
of Sixth. E 25 by N 80: $10.
Caas J. and Maud E. Deerin* t.» Union
Trust Company. Jot on E corner of Eighth and
Brannan streets. NE 206:3 by SE 275; $-
Henry and Jessie Verlerger to John H. Max
well and Elizabeth F. Kgan. lot on N line of
Clem«nt street. 66 E of Ninth avenue, E 25
by N 108; $10. v ¦*-,**
Cora A. Morton (wife of James H. and for
merly Cora W. Herzsteln and formerly Cora
A. Williams) to Mutual Trust Company lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue. 325 3 of Clem
ent street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
¦ Estate of Adolph Sutra, by Emma. I* Mer
ritt, executrix, to W. M. Gwtnn. lot 28. block
225. Outside Land*; $2SO.
' O. H. and O. G. Ferguson to "Mary E
"Schmidt, lot on NW corner of Fifteenth avenu»
and A street. N 151:10, W 51:6, SW 131:10.
E 62:3; $10.
Charles F.. Frederick F. Frank W.. Isabella
F. Runyon and Florence R. Stanford to Eliza
E. Hun yon. lot on N line of A street. 57:6 E
of Tenth avenue. E 50 by N loo; also lot oi»*
E line of Twenty-flrst avenue. 25O S of Point
Lobes avenue. S SO by E 120; gift.
Eliza E. Bearse to same, same; gift.
Eilear F. Runyon to same, same; gift.
Carrie R. Colie. same, same: gift
. Union Trust Company to Virginia C Har
dln. lot "on N line of O street. 107-6 W nr
Tenth avenue. W 25 by N ICO; $lo. •
Marie A. Peter* to Etta McCue. lot on F
line of Lotta street. 10O S ot Parnassus. <i »<£
by E 101. lot 10. block C. Sun*et Heights
fllOO. ¦"•««.
Georre W. «nd Caroline E. Hawkln* to
Anna D. Jooat. lota 25 aad 30. block 15. ilk*!
view; £10.
Aml *« E> - Joo-t *«> **• C. Matthew*, lot 30.
block 15. same; ?10.
State of California, by Edward J. Smith
Tax-Collector. to George - H. Rounder, lot on
NE line of Princeton street. Ux> SE of Man-
Moundf S. bX NE 12 °' W0Ck 124 ' Unl ™"lV
William A. and Ida U Underbill to Anna D.
Jooat. lot on S line of Marshal street. 15O b ot
ffieVteld^,^. 8 "^ * ° S^-
M^/ioi
- M. L, Furtado to Lena D. Furtado. lot
onjW line or Dousrtass street. Rl:« JI from 9
H^n^^jV S lot 103,
510. i . i«i *
Isabella A. McFarland to John Diets Jr..
lot on S line of Clinton Park. 105 E Of Do
lores street.- E 25 by S 75; $10.
Thomas J. and Eliza Oakes to William G.
and Manraret A. Kaiser, lot op S line of
Lexington street, 35 S of Sycamore. S 25 by
E £0; $10.
George. Nelly. Thomas E.. John A. and Jo
sephine E. Oakes. Lillian Radford (wife of
John H.) and May T. Harrigan (wife- of J.) to
same, same: $10.
Thomas B. and Johannah T. Cannody to
Anna M. Johnson (wife of Carl A.), lot on W
line of Sharon street. 150 S of Fifteenth. 3
25 by W 125; $10.
Levl Strauss to J. O. C. Kelso, lot on "W
line of Alabama ' street, 104 S of Twentieth,
S 26 by W 100- $10.
Lillian and Morris B. O'Meara to John and
Emma Neukom. lot on W line of Shotwell
street. 175 N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by W 122:6;
$10.
Catherine Jones to Frederlch H. Wulzan. lot
on SW corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets. S 90. W 112:7%. NE 90. E 103:6: $10.
Charles R. and Lilly R. Corwell to Mary
Tully lot on S line of Clipper street, 76 E of
Church. E 26 by S 114; $10.
Charlotte Robinson to Edgar F. Raymond.
lot on W line of Diamond street. 335 S of
Twenty-first. . S 25 by W 113:9. lot 17. block
2, Noe Garden Homestead: $10.
Seraflno and Rosa Ferrea and Ascelo and
Rosa Ferroggiao to Angelo Lagomarsino, lot
on N line of Telegraph place. 257:9 E of Du
pont street, also 91 :« N of Greenwich street.
E 17:2*4 by N 46; $10.
George A. and Mary W. Batchelder and 8. E.
(or Spencer) C. Slade to Frank D. Madison,
lot on W line of Taylor street. 173 N of Broad
way. N 29:0. W 74. S 1. W 26. S 23:6. E 10O;
also lot on W line of Taylor street. 202:6$i N
of Broadway. N 72:5 by W 74: $10.
Jacob and Anna E. A. Teply to Friedrich
Thai, lot on E line of Leavenworth street. 115
N of Jackson. N 22:6 by E 137:6; $10.
Charlotte F. Clarke to L. H. Sly. lot on SE
line of Market street. 45:10 NE of Main. NE
43:10 by SE 137:6; $10.
James Tomklnson to Alice M. Tomklnson.
lot on NW line of Minna street, 250 SW of
First J SW 50. NW 8O. NE 1S:9, NW 80. NE
S!0.
Andrew and Emma Hanselman to Eleanor
G Standlsh, lot on N line of Waller street.
100:3 W of Masonic avenue. W 28 by N 137:6;
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Charlotte F. Clark*
lot on S line of Turk street. 137:6 W of Lar
kin. W 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Catherine F. Nesfleld et. al. t© I>n!s Ma
honey Jr., lot on S line- of Pacific avenue,
22S:5 W of Larkin street. S 127:8U by W 23;
$10.
Marlus J. Kast to Edward A. Loser. lot en
N line of Hayes street. tt>:6 E of Octavia. 12
61 by N 12o; $10.
Henrv W. and Julia Hyman to Harriet S.
Waters (wife of W. C). lot on N line of Cali
fornia street. 68:9 E of Octavia. E 34:4'A by
N 137:6; $10.
Thomas B. and Ellen T. Goodman to Wil
liam Schmidt, lot on S line of Hayes street.
27:0 E of Lasruna. E 27:tt by S 120; $10.
Otto A. and Nathatie A. Hennig to Stephen
and Catherine O'Connor, lot on E line of
Olive . court. 100 S of Union street. S 25 by
E 75: flO.
Joseph B.. Alice M. and James H. Marshall
to Margaret C. Hannon, -lot on W line of
Fillmore street. 85 S of Fell, S 27:6 by W
100; ?10.
Frank B. Austin to Margaret C. Austin, lot
on W line of Fillmore street. 65 S of Oak.
S 25 by W 110: $10.
George A. Brown to Frank H. Guntz. lot oa
N line of Filbert street. 133:9 W of Broderick.
W 25. N 107:6. W 93:2ft. NW 30. E 121:4.
S 137:6; $10.
Edwin and Elizabeth Salomon and John J.
Darrell to Gertrud* B. Piper, lot on S Una
of Page street, 60 W of Lyon. W 25 by S 100;
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Claremont • •- ** 1T (y>
Imperial *••• • 1J
Independence -•"
Kern 8 °° jj'fg ,
Kern River 40
Monarch (of Ariaona) -i a
MonteCrlsto £J
Occidental of W. Va g"
Oil City Petroleum « "zh
Sovereign „ Z2 2 6O
Sterling •• - JJ
Superior •• *^ ¦ «3
Thirty-three ;
Miscellaneous^ — _ ' m
Fischer's Theater « a ,
SAXaES*'
Mornlns mmIco. ' n
15O Sovereign • "~ 19 5O
20 Paauhau ...•••-•
2O Honolulu ; • •
Afternoon session.
300 Oil City Petroleum " w
100 Oil City Petroleum •> *• j j
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK E^^' 0^.
Followins were th» sale* on ta»l^fj^"
Cisco Stock and Exchango Board yestertay.
Morslns Session.
200 Caledonia.... « SOOOouM**; fg
100 Con Cal & V.I 10 SOO J"^* • Jj
lCOO Con N Y .... 07 100 Mexican »»
100 Crown Point.. 17 100 <>ve rman..... ~*
200 Crown Point.. 16 ICO Union Coa.... «
200 Gould &. Cur. 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia.... 63 100 Mexies" -. r -. »J
JSgSSK.::: & SiP f S
1400 Con Cal & V.I 10 200 Unloa Con.— «
2000 Con ImperlaL <fi ¦ • -
TONOPAH MINING TCXCBXSG*.
Following wer« the sales on «>• 5SmJ5K:
dico and Tonopah Mining Eaccaans* ye*tet<iay.
Mornlns Session.
800 Cent Euxeka.J 33 MO F*3TO"t« —
500 Gold Mt Con. 02 60O Paymaster ... 03
600 Hazel Kirk .. 12 100 Rod Top IS
15CO Mont Ton ...1 90 200 £«**?» I"'.;- |2
600 Mont Ton..l 02H 10O Ton Midway- 39
Afternoon Session.
1500 Brunswick .. 151 1000 Ton MldW.. »
200 Goldfield Mln 72 100 West End.... 12
400 Mont Ton.. 1 02^i 100 West End.... 13
400 Mont Ton ...1 90 800 W«t End-.. 16
2000 Red Top 181 - •
CLOSIXO QUOTATTONB. *
TUESDAY. Sept. 13—8 •*. IB-
Eld. Ask. I 3 , 1^
Alpha n 13 Justice «» «
Alta 12 14lKentuck <» O.
Andes « 201 K Fraessler. . - •*
Belcher SI s "\ La<J y Wmq • * 72 «?
Beit &BeIch.l 20 ISO Mexican ...... «« »?
Bullion 2.1 23 Occidental .. . . 75 S5
Caledonia.... C3 «« Ophir 2 20 2 23
Challenge ... 2t 2^ Overman 23 -t
Chollar » J 5 p otos Jg "
Confidence... «5 70 Scorpion «« «
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 IS Savage ....... 1» V*
Con imperial. Cl 02 Seg Belcher... 12 1»
Con N Y 07 (»! Sierra Nev.... 33 .%S
Crown Point.. 15 171 Silver Hill.... 49 W>
E. Sierra Nev 03 «* St. Louis .... -— 1J»
Eureka Con.. — 50! Svndlcate .... M 05
Exchequer... 60 62 TTnion Con 4O 41
Gould & Cur. 19 21 Utah •••-••••• \\ J|
Hale & Norc. 63 61! Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
Julia 09 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I B!<!.AjSt-
Colehan — 05! Pln« Gro*» ••25 —
Espsranza ... Ot 02! Qulncy 0T —
Ooldfleld BAB M — Ray Earten .. — 05
Goldneld Min 70 — Ray & CBrton 06 CS
Goldrteld Mhk 17 201 Ttay Tonopah. — W
Ooldfleld S Pk 17 — I Red Top • 19 20
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Resell* H> —
Han Mut Co. 25 —I Sandstorm ... 25 —
Haael Kirk .. — l^Ton B«»lmont.. <W> 61
Little Ton .. 2O 401 Ton Exten. ..1 17^» —
Luckv Tom.. 04 — I Ton & Gt W. 03 —
MacNamara . 3!) 4Ol Ton Gold Mt. 1<* —
Mlzpah Ex .. 17 — !Ton Midway.. 33 3I»
Mont Ton..l 87>£ 1 t»l Ton of Nev.» 00 S 12*4
NY Ton.... — 04! Ton N Star.. 20 24
Paymaster .. 03 04l United Ton ..04 05
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
. Powdered, tf. 10c; Candy Granulated, 0.10c; Dry
Granulated, tine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
0c; Fruit Granulated, 6c: Beet Granu
lated (100-Ib bags only). ; Confectioners*
A 6c; Magnolia A. &.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C, 5.40c; "V, 5.30c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; .boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more tar all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.00c: boxes, tf.75c; H. & K. Crystal
Domlnos Uc per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBKR— Pine, ordinary sizes. $l»@ls»; ex
tra size* hlxber: Redwood. *19@23; Lath. 4
feet. (3 75@4; Pickets, $17@25; Shingles, V- for
No. 1 and $1 60 for No. 2: Shakes, $11 for
split and $15 for eawn; Rustic, *33t&39.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.
Flour, qr sks... 13,696 Bran. sk» 840
Wheat, ctls 146 Middlings, ika .. 300
Barley. cU» ..k. 4,657 Hay. ton* 60
Oats ctls ...... 3,796 Straw, tons 22
Rye. ctls 303 Hides. No 614
Hops, "bales 137 Pelts. No 618
Wool, bales 347 Tallow, ctls .... 457
Feed, sks' 145 Leather, roll* ....' 103
Beans sks 476 Paper, reams ... 1,905
Potatoes sks ... 2.670 Wine, gals 60.200
Onions, sks 345 Sugar, ctls 500
. OREGON.
Qats, ct!a 4571
• EASTERN.
Flour. «r «k«... 5681
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN 'FRANGISGOfGALU SEPTEMBER 14, 190i.
12
VALLEJO, 1130.1 cor. Leavenworth, 1 block to
. . Hyde-st. car — Newly.: furnished, sunny : front
rooms; running water; excellent home , cook-
Ins; yard; laundry; phone; private family;
young couple, preferred; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 819 — Handsome parlor suite,
.with piano: private house; to husband and
wife; board ; If desired; owner only; refs.
ROOMS and board; very reasonable; private
house; suitable for two gentlemen; refer-
ences: excellent ; table. 1263 Octavia nt.
ROOM and board In private family; single or
double; 2 blocks from Park: reference. 28
Bet., bet. 1st and 2d aves.. Richmond Dlst.
NICE, sunny, furnished rooms, with or with-
out board; all accommodations. 1033 Golden
Gate ave.
EDDY. ' 1128. opp. Jefferson /Park— Fine furn.
. sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
ELLIS. 453— Fine suite, suitable for family or
four : gentlemen; - French table board; reas.
HOWARD. : SI I A — First-class board' and room,
single or double.' $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
LARGE, sunny room and board, $5 week. 323
First st. ¦
MASON, ¦ 615A, nr. Sutter — Sunny room and
board In private family.'-. •
O'FARRKLL. 91O_Sunny large furn.. room,
with good board and run. water; reasonable.
ROOMS and board to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 160 Golden Gate ave. t
ROOMS with board; all location*. Phons Clay
896. . , .
1 Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
TURK, 1161— Rooms with board. ___
A BRANCH office of The C-ll for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. .Open until 11 p. m. ' ¦
ROOMS AKP BOABP WANTED.
.WANTED— By October 1, comfortable, warm
rooms and first-class board by gentleman and
wife A and two lady relative adults. Box
1447, Call office.
YOUNG .man wishes board and room In private
. family; no other boarders; works nights;
¦ quiet, homelike. Box 1620. Call office.
ROOH-BEzrrzxa agency.
Have you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay UW.
.. STOB AGE ANI> WAREHOUSES.
A^M^olm^ljtoral^e^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
„ phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12G.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. : ¦ tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of tha
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY, September 26. 1901, at 9 a. m.. at the
office of thi» association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By or-
der of the Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
TYPEWRITERS ASTS SUFPI.IE3.
AN exceptionally good No.-. Remington, No. 1'
Smith Premier. $25: . other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California »t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
, Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
~ —"vtAVt
A WAY to health— Mothers', . and daughters'
borne treatment; booklet free: write for it,
VIAVI CO.. 2804 'Van Ness; phone East 282.
PROPOSALS.
«
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
• Men — Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for th< fireproof,
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley, Cali-
fornia; and said bids will be received at the
office of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley,
r.t or before 5 p. m. of September 29, 1904.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bid-
der. In favor of ths Regents of tho University
of California, rqual to ten (10) per cent of
his bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid be accepted the bid.*>r will
duly enter Into proper contract and give
bonU to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with the plans and specifications which are
hereby required to be a part of such contract.
By .order of the Committee on Grounds 'and
BuiMlmrs of the Board of Regents.
¦¦'.¦- V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
STUTTERING A2STD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE InstituTeT^anTNess^nTMarkeC
cures; estab. In S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MAK1UAGE LICENSES,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
' Leonard Warmlngton. 27 Blsbee, Ariz., and
Mfce Bastln. 18. Winthrop. Cal.
Wllli Hutterer, SO. New York City, and
May D.' Lynch. 24. Chicago. 111. .
Henry' Krlebel, 40, Redding, and Anna K.
Paul. : 25, city.
: Dalton Kirkpatrtck. 29, Lob Gatos, and Anna
Rldons. 27, Lynnville, Ind.
Val. D. Dlllard. 23. Stockton, and Belle GUI.
' 19, Stockton.
Fred P. Murat, 22. 726^ Union street, and
Ebba Jaques, 22. 177 Linden avenue.
. 1 Robert E. Kerrison 21, ' city, and Alice H.
Hall. 18. city.
Joseph B. Keenan 21, city, and Carlotta
L. Musto. 18. city.
' ¦ Ernest J. N. Blake, 27, Kong, Ireland, and
Marie Roth, 23. Bergen Norway.
Daniel Quinn, 25, city, and Margaret Cas-
sidy, 20. city. ,
: John J. Reilly. 23. Oakland, and Hanora
O'Reilly. 21. city.
Auguste Joubin. 22. Baden, and Honorine
Faurct, 18, Baden.
Robert A. DIckson, 31. Presidio, and Sadie
J. Zimmerman, 25, 501 Jones street.
Fusaklchi Hadano 39, 1408 Pine street and
Chlyono Kobayaskfl, 29. Mlyaglken. .Japan.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mall will not-b« Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per.
, eons authorized to have . the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in thl* column
free of charge. •
BOKJV.
BLANCIIARD— In this city,, September 12,
1904. to the wife of Milton E, Blanchard. a
¦ • son. . v ¦
ROMER— In: this city, September 4. 1904, . to
: the wife x)f Walter. H.Romer. a son.
TODD— At the Villa uehtllc, Sturla rear
Genoa. Italy, July 27, 1904.. to the wife of
Lieutenant David W. Todd, United States
navy, a son. • .
UPTON— In this city September 12, ' 1904. to
> the :wlfe : of. George 'Upton, a*son. .
WARE— In : this city, September 12. I904,-to
the wife of Harry H. Ware, a daughter.
MAKKLEJ).
KIRKPATRICK— RIDENS— In this city, Sep-
tember 13. 1904, by the Rev. Frederick t A.
." Doane. :' Dalton - Klrkpatrlck of Los Gatos,
Cal. and Anna Ridcns of Lynnville, Ind. ¦
NORBOM— REDMOND-^-In: this! city, Se'ptem- I
, ¦ ber ¦ 10, 1904, by the Rev. - H. H. Bell. , Paul !
Norbom pf Marysvllle,, Cal., and Nettle Red-
.mond of this city. : *
ZULIGER— ELLERY— In this city, September
11. 1004. by the Rev. : Francis / M. Larkin.
-John II. * Zullger of this city and Gertrude
¦¦• S. • Ellery .'. of Santa : Cruz.
' ', ¦¦" ¦¦died:.-:*;.'. ¦¦\" : l"~~:
' : Baker. William Munk^', Richard E. s
. Blake. . Edward Myers * Mrs.- Eliza
Cald well; Mrs. Martha Peterson." John H. 1 :
¦Carlson, Mabel < • Phemester,. Walter S>
Church. Isaac S. , ¦ Poll Masslmlllano
Colton, Willie R. Roos Louisa -
Crowley*. William Schcnck, Wm. T. V .Y." '
Derre. Lola Shields, - John H. -
Griffin, ' James J. Staples.; Charles H.J.'
, Holtz. George r Rtuhr.'Anna M.' C.
Knapp, Amelia A. Terry/ John O.
m Mack.- Miriam :¦' ¦: Wlgg, "Marie ¦;
'Miley. Mangle • Zwicker. ; Paul
; - Mulcahy. Ellen D.^SngBHSBI
BAKER— In -' the Oty • and County, Hospital.
• '-¦-' September . 13. ; 1904. . William Baker." a native"
v- of .Germany.; aged 1 60. years."'. " "-." '•-,'¦
ELAKE^-ln ) Salt Lake' City September
SEAX^estate— -crrr—joa baxji.,
AV J. GUNN CALIF0RNIA ST.
Saviaes Union Building.
Only $3550; price reduced from $4250: sunny
northeast corner. Clement st. and Twelfth ave..
l^o feet en sunny side Clement by M feet on
'i-Aclfth ave.; good location for store on cor.
and £ flats: big Income proposition: a splendid
buy; very cheap; one of the best corners In
Richmond and a northeast corner.
Only $1725 for both; splendid bargain; 2
choice lots, east side 11th avenue. 225 ft south
from Point Lobos avenue; lots graded, street
traded, macadamized and eewcred; Includes
policy of Insurance of CaL Title I. and Trust
Co.; the cheapest lots In Richmond and on th*
east «-:de of street.
$4000— Clement et. and 10th are., ND eer.,
22'GxlOO.
JSOOO— Clement *t. and 6th ave.. NE cor..
22:6x100.
$2150— Webster *t. cor., 25x100.
$1700— Union «t.; «unny *ld«, 27:CxllO;
cfce&p lot. __ .
$3100— Green *t-. Pacific Height*, 34:4x13. :6;
grand marine vltw; only $90 per foot; street
bitumlnlzed. __-._»
$1600 — G^r.wlch *t, sonny *lde, 27:€xl57:<l
S3000 — Pierce st. cottage. 6 «unny rooms and
basement ca E *ld* of street, 25x112; basalt
block* laid.'
$2500— Lak* *t. cottage, *unay *ld*. facet
Beautiful building situ. Paeifio Heights; all
t'.zes, with rrand raartn* view.
W. J. GUNN. &30 CALIFORNIA ST.
POINT RICfiMONI>. M ,
I bar* for aale four lot*, the mart 4*«lrabl*
tn the city of Richmond. The present owac
la uaabl* to keep up payment* and will sell at
original cost. If you want to buy In Point
Richmond consult me before doing so. I am
ooa of the pioneers in the district and know
the location of every lot.
J. W. LAYMANCE. j^ m , -|
622 MABKET S A?^g5giaQ, CAir
OKI.T A FEW LEFT. .__,
,1 25 PER WEE^
Chcie*st lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on street
frrade; close to fine school: not far from the
Misslon-Ft. electric cars: secure one as an
Investment and by the time it is paid for it"!
*1H have doubled in value the vray prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
row befcre trices become prohibitive In th>
raplwly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery *t.. r. 6. Phone Main t.704.
flT.OO — COTTAGE. 4 rooms; hish basement; lot
50x70; Coriland ave. and Andover St.
$1400 — Clipper and Church sts.; cottage of 4
rooms; lot S0xll4.
14000— Cottage of 4 reorr.s: high basement;
etakle; rear entrance; lot 30x117:6.
$2700 - hous*?. 1 house 3 room?. Including
grocery" 2d housr. 4 rooms, bath; 50x100.
JOSEPH STRAUB, C30 Market St.
BANK r>roj*rty at auction. Seat. 17. 7:30
p. m.; cottapes and vacant lets in the Mis-
sion : 1-5 cash, balance <-a«y term*.
D. COFFIN. Mi?yjon, be^. 21st and 22d.
5 NICE level lots, very cheap, near Park; must
be f=old this week. See owner. J. BUIt-
GOTXE, -119 Point Lobos ave.. bet. lOth-llth
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
ony locr.tion. en $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$1350— A SNAP — Alameda home; large lot; 7
r.ioms: x>:'.de «v.; little cash. Owner. 21 Spear.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbrrs. 836 Howard ft.
KEAL ESTATE — COtTITTBY — Por Sals.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES KViZRTWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 50 per acre; best stock ranch in Humboldt
County; on the slop* cf the Scuth Fork cf the
t>l River; 3500 acres crazing land; practically j
«U fenced; good farmhouse; large barn; 100
head fine cattle; looo sheey; horses, and aii
farming imi'lfmcnts *t market price*.
$3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian Klver bottom; acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-rocm and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank;, poultry
houses: tee this, end if you want only part of
it wlJl Kc-ll unimproved portion at $100 per
acre; if you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" tee some cf our
bomes on the Kusslan River.
$2950 — 2 mile* cf Sonoma City; 10 acres level
Fif.i'-n toil; feVi acre* bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry houses;
horse, w&scn. carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tocis. wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
t-.';.*.nfi — 34 scrrs: modern, up to date house
end buildings: fenced and crofcs fenced: nearly
all orctard; 2 miles cf Watson vlile.
$32(Xi — V) acres level sandy 1'^am; rood 4-
room house; tine barn; windmill and tank;
«'8ter pix>ed over ranch; 5 large poultry houses;
Incubator. 2 brooder?; farming tools; cow; 20U
larlr.g hens; easy terms; near Petaluma,
$^000 — Half-mii<? of Sebastopol; 10 acre": 2
acr*s timber; 4 acres orchard. Lialance vine-
yard; house, barn; on new electric road.
$^000— Near Martinez; 123 acres hill land; 75
e< I- 1- good plow land; well fenced; bouse, barn;
family orchard.
$5000 — 25 acres rich *andy loam, near Hay-
wards; rolling; 4 acres vlnrs; 3 orchard, all
bearing; balance hay; elegant 2-*tory residence.
10 room*, bath: easy terms. •
?."..-¦•'> — 34 acre? near Waisonville; 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 'i acres timber: balance
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1600 — Sonoma City; 4 acres rich datk loam;
all level; orchard: cozy cottage; cement cellar:
barn; windmill and tank; 5 poultry houses: feed
room; 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and will be plrased to
«Jrive you around.
$6500— Near fcanta Rma; f.CO acres; fenced 9
fields; 12 acres tine vineyard: 3 acres orchard:
.8 Jersey cows; 2 horses; tools; wagons; new C-
room hou^e; 2 barns; blacksmith shop. We
have J30 places on our list nt-ar Santa Rosa.
See them.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto: 0 acres
up; M cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles cf Modesto; 20 acres
tip; Vt i-fc..«.h.
$5<> per acre — Near Lodi. on the Woodbrldge
canal.
FINE DAiniES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a large list of completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.;
20 acre* tip. »
?2oO0 — Fine rummer resort in Sonoma Co.:
t •¦?¦£'. station and P. O. on place: 141 acre*
controlling lOOw-acre ranee; fc acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
mil furnished: bath; dancing platform; norses;
farming implements; «-e this quicx.
$S5O— 3 miles of Geyser-viHe; 2ft acres: tt-
rocm house, large barn, 2 good wells; rolling,
%ll in vineyard; oak trefs; line poultry farm
$1000 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $sou down; fine for
roadhouse.
£5000 — Finest «tock ranch In Southern Ore-
gon; 320 acre?; 2 rets No. 1 Improvements; 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard-
carries IO0 to head of etock; 3 horses r
tools; 40 tens hay; n*ar railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$2750— Rolling land; ICO acres, near Clayton-
£0 acre* plow land; house, barn, orchard; part
ca*h;.ov«r 100 choice farms in Contra Cosu
Co. to offer you to select from.
$3750— Humboldt Co. rich bottom land* *»4
acres half mile of Fortuna ; 1 « C re orchard-
new 5-room house, barn, outbuildings.
$8 per acre— Fine stock ranch. 1040 acres; 100
rich bottom land.' balance rolling; fenced and
cros*-fenced: nice orchard; house; 2 larg e barns
$1500 — 4 acre* rich Russian Rlvtr bottom
land: half mile of GeyservUle. Sonoma Co •
shade trees; house, barn, outbuildings We
have at least 40 rnnall orchards and vineyards
to offer in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgage*
ar* practically unknown.
$2500— At Hopland; 42 acres; 7 bearing vine-
yard: 8 hay ar.d garden land: 2 bearing or.
chard; windmill, tank, tools; 100 laying hens;
half cash.
f 170C— Only 9 mine* of Ean Jose, close to Ha.
tlon and to«ro; 24 acres rolling Und; 10 acres
bearing prtnes and cherrie*; good 6-rooro cot-
tage; »tabl». poultry houses; 3 eummer house*
U>x rummer boarders: running water; close to
school. See this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Joee: 33 *cre»; 12 In full bearing orchard in
fine condition: balance gently slop!ng*fine hay
land: fine creek; 25 magnificent cak tree*; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fine income. We
have a choice list cf small home* in Santa
Clara Co : pleased to drive you around and
fchew them.
FOR RENT.
$SO0 cash per year; 163 acres; 2 miles of
Graes Valley; good house; nice cellar; 2 targs
barns and ctable: <H> acr« fine bearing orchard ;
6 acre* bearing vineyard; generally level; farm-
ing implements: 2 horses; 9 Jersey cows- la
acre* timber: generally level; party butt fur-
nish bond ; would cell ¦ for $20,000.
tend stamp for the largest and most direr-
¦¦fied printed H*t 'n the coart.
WHITE & BAYI.ET.
Successors to }
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery et., room 8.
Property Kxchanges a Specialty. ,
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. . orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cat*,
logce* -ent free, a M. WOOSTER CO..
€48 Market *t. . ' , ¦ . - .
FREE booklet and poultry folder. '¦ Ean Berxito
County Improvement Club. HoIUster. , CaL"
CZTCgEg RA3TCHE3. " ' -. "
IDEAL CHICKKN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, - at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope;
mix* to rolt: eaey Urms; plenty: water; fine
fruit: call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner, 713 Mill* bldg.
rog HOusEjCTEjpnffti.^
CALIFORNIA, 1264 — 2 , or ; 3 large. sunny
rooms; home conveniences; select location. .
FIRST, 317— Large fur. .front rms. for light
hskpg; run, water, closet, bath, also sing, r.
FOLSOM; 742A — Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection: $14 month.
GROVE, 635 — Two housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 040 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1074— Housekeeping room*.
HOWARD. 1136 — Front sunny room for house-
keeping. -
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Tbit>«-
room sunny apartments; steam heat;cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates rea*.
JESSIE. 607 — To rent, 2 and 4 sunny rooms;
furnished, for housekeeping. '-.,: .
LAG UNA, 1507. corner Geary — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath, phone; new , flat;
private; reasonable. •
MISSION. SG3 — Sunny housekeeping room*;
reasonable.
NICB housekeeping rooms to let; all location*.
Phone Clay 996.
NINETEENTH. 8475. near Valencia— Two
nicely furnished front rooms hskg; gas; bath.
OAK, 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary — Larg* sunnny
suite; housekeeping: gaa range; $15. ¦
POST, 962 — Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
. gas, bath, phone; very convenient; $10 to $25.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Furnished or
.unfurnished bay-window suites, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also elngle.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
' dry: yard; quiet. 1417 Fremont ave.. Fruit-
vale. ¦ ¦ :
TURK, 814 — Desirable housekeeping: or fur-
nished rooms at reduced rates. .
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished housekeeping
suite and single; gas range; $10. $6: adulte.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
VAN NUYS, cor. Bush and Jones sts.
New management: fresh paint and tinting;
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 room suites. .
GLENDORE, 1545 Pine: 6-room
suites; nrivate laundry, bath, maid's room;
unique in design and appointment.
THE BENTON apartments, S35 Octavia st. —
Furnished 2-3 room suites; opposite beautiful
park.
ALTAMONT. SE. cr. Washington and Mason-
s' room apartments, furn. and unfurn.; bath.
8T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson *t. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET— Fun. and TTnf urn.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartment*, single rooms,
etc. from 25o to $1; rates by tha week or
month. "*<.>;•.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth *t.— Rooms <
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873"Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room: ;200
room*; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 755 — To rent; 2 large well furnished
rooms; use cf eras and. bath.
BU^SH, 1584^ — Sunny room to let.
CALIFORNIA. 623 — Pleasant sunny room* to
let. ;¦
CLARA. 77 — Rooms cr basement: board for
gentlemen; lower flcor.
EDDY, 3, cor. Powell, Market and Eddy —
Well furnished rooms; reasonable. ¦
EDDY, 432 — Fine furnished rooms; all con- j
venienees; single rooms; baths; reasonable.
j ELLIS. 1323 — Nice single room to let.
1 FIFTH. 254 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable price.
FOLSOM. 608 — Nicely fumtehed room to let.
FOLSOM, 1220 — Neatly furnished sunny room
to let.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all location*. Phons
Clay 096.
GEARY, <XH — Front rooms and kitchen; also
others. '
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 439— One furnished
room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1524, near Scott— Rear
sunny room to let. <
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. ;• reading-rm.
HARRISON, 721 — Nice furnished rooms; cen-
tral location.
HARRISON. 979, nr. Sixth— Two nice fur-
niFhed rooms for two gentlemen.
HARRISON, 1216%— Small room to rent.
HOWARD, - 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 935Va— Newly renovated furnished
rooms to l«t.
JESSIE. 323— Hall alcove with clean cot bed,
$1 25 week..
JESSIE, 383 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
JONES, 917, nr. Bush — Single, sunny room;
running water; bath; Dhone.
LARKIN, 40BW.— Nice sunny back parlor, with
running water; eultable for two.
LARKIN, S04 — Sunny, back room, .light house-
keeping if desired, for lor 2; $8.
LARKIN. 819% — Large, sunny, front room;
suitable, for lady or gentleman; $12 per
month. ...
LASKIE, 11. bet. 8th and 9th, oft Mission—
Front room suite; 1 or 2 friends. ' '
LIBERTY, 504, 'nr. Castro — Mod., sunny par-
lors; kitchen; dining-room; bath; warm belt.
MARKET, 993^Sultea and single rooms to let.
MARKET, 1035 — Furnished rooms, day, week
or month, to let.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms,
net. cold water, elevator: windows for parade.
MASON, 514, nr. Eutter — Sunny front rooms;
suite or single; reasonable. ' . .
MINNA. 1034— Sunny front room; private
family.
MISSION, 573— Sunny room; $1 week. . >
OCTAVIA. 1157. E41is-st.' car. Jefferson Park—
-Well furnished rooms; gas, bath, . phone.',
PACIFIC, 1405— Furnished room.
PAGE, 1776 — Three front unfurnished rooms.
PIERCE.'. 251 — Seven sunny rooms and bath;
cheap.
PINE. 1733— Newly, furnished; light and sunny;
bath; phone; running water; reasonable.
POST. 607, near - Mason — Nice,* .' sunny, bay-
window room, suitable for two. •
POST, 889 — Large furnished room, running
. water. . ¦ •
POST. 1037, cor. Polk— Beautifully : furnished
sunny rooms.- en suite or single; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. .1605— Two" or thres front
rooms; unfurnished; gas* bath."
SACRAMENTO. ¦ 1042— A neatly furnished front
..hall., room in ; private - family. ,
BAN ANTONIO, 7 21 Taylor— New and modern
cults" and single rooms; all .night .elevator
service. . ¦ :.»*,: " ¦ ; ¦:>¦.'•.•
SUTTER. 820— Large, elegantly furnished.
sunny rooms. sHRMHBHBHsSHBMBt
SUTTER/, 1918— -Two nicely i furnished rooms,
- eultable ¦ for gentlemen; with v board.
THE Larchmont,* 361 Suttee — New. brick bldg.,
finely furnished: hot, cold water., steam heat,
' privilege to baths; J3 to $6, week.;. \
THIRTEENTH, , 238^-Nlce. sunny, front' room ;
' running water: bath; overlooking garden;: $7.
TURK. 816—3 single . rooms . nicely furnished
/for gentlemen. :;• - ; ¦:•.... ; ..¦¦ :v.. :>-...•';• .¦-.- ..;-j
TURK. : 1159— Nice. furnished rooms;* new.
house; select neighborhood.; ~ ' r
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
• rooms,: 35c, to $1 night, $1 75 to $B week: elec-.
. . trie lights (no gas), running water in every
. room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage..
WINCHESTER . Hotel. 44 3d et.; near Market—
'Most, convenient and respectable ;i 700 rooms;
' 35c to $1 53 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
- elec.". lights ; readlns-reom; free bus; baggage.:
BEAIJ ESTATE — CITT— gQS SAXE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We Lead In Sales of Oceanside Lotsl Why ?
Choice *u Locations! Lowest Prices! Mildest
Climate.
Dcn*t Mis* This Golden Opportunity.
$500 to $1200— Graded ready for building.
Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
Nothing like It In this city I All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; 95 monthly
Oceanslde branch office, corner H *t. and
47th ave.: also corner 49th ave. boulevard and
K st. Open Sundays.
*5C0 to $i:C0— Choicest Sun*«t lot*; $10 monthly
1300 to $1000— Cheapest Richmond lot* and
near Spreckels Lake and. park; on installments.
$150 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead
lots; $5 monthly.
$100 to $4000— Modern cottage* In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Homtstead.
Low prices! Easy: terms!
E0I> GETZ A SON. Owners and Dealer*.
Room C4. Chronicle Building.
HOUSE for wale; 4 rooms and bath, with fln-«
Ishtd basement. 718 Vermont St.. bet. 19-20. j
—^^™^^ '^^m 1
AT PRIVATE BALE '
BEGINNING MONDAY. September 19. 1904,
At 10 o'clock a. m. .
AT OUR OFFICE, 25 POSTA STREET.
San Francisco. \ '
EAN MATEO CHOICEST BUSINESS AND
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Averaging 50x120 each.
THE HAYWARD ADDITION TO
SAN MATEO. *
Adjoining the celebrated
HAYWARD MANSION.
* In the heart of San Mateo
Aad within 2 blocks of th*
BUSINESS CENTER.
Two blocks from the S. P. depot.
20 TRAINS DAILY.
Two blocks from Electric Road.
Cars to city every 15 minutes.
Majestic oaks on nearly all lots.
Streets graded, sewered, curbed and -
macadamized.
Bituminous sidewalks laid.
Water pipes to every lot.
No lots sold until above date.
First come best served. ,- .-•; ¦"
Catalogues and price lift ready now.
Many Applications already in.
But positively no lots will be sold
Until the 19th lnst.
Send or write for particulars.
BALDWIN & HO WELL, 25 Post street.
Or F. S. GRUMMON, Branch Office,
San Mateo, California.
LOMITA PARK— On line of 8an Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
ft?.; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50- foot lots from $400 up;
terms, first ttro subdivisions only $10 down
end $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
Ircnt of every lot; pure artesian well water:
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to cecure a lot in this desirable section on
.eaey terms; take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY, RODGERS & CO..
Tel Main 673. lift California rt.
MENLO PARK REAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-*cre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; M. cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
cplendid garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
for tale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict: well sheltered and wooded: in tract* of
from 4 to 25 acres; special term* to taos*
building immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS * CO.,
Telephone Main C73. 118 California st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-SOS CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpc*e of reinvest-
ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this busincps enables
us to often accomplish this* double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that - your property, if you wish us to
dispose cf it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IJJ A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with 1
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it lias merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business. ¦
bring a description of same to our office, stat- ;
ing what kinJ of property you prefer In ex- '
chance, and you will be surprised how quickly
we ran effect the result.
THIS IS PIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of name. We make no charge for ad-
vertifing or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange tuitisfactory to you to accept.
.ALAMEDA ADVERT'S^PTS
AiAMEEA HEAL ESTATE.
A NEW 7-room 2-story house Just completed.
Ixaultfully finished on inside; large closet
for /very bedroom; dressing-room fitted up
with every convenience: beautiful sideboard
and china closet in dining-room: electricity
¦ nd cas for lighting; within 1 block of Fta-
tion and ',i block to electric .cars; lot 40x117;
¦uill sell on very reasonable terms. Apply at
2250 San Jcse avenue.
A FINE home in Alameda — Cottage of 6 rooms,
hall, bath, basement: flower garden, etc.;
large lot. See owner, 1050 Franklin et., Oak-
land. -
BERKELEY ADYEIIT ? S ? NTS
EEEKELET SEAL ESTATE. •
.SNAP — 5-room cottage; nice garden; good well,
also city water; chicken house; lot, 40x100;
price $1QCO; J s cash; 3 blocks to Key route
station; open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin Station. South Berkeley. '
NEW t-room cottage; high basement: city
water; gas and electric lights; street work
and walks done; large lot; 2 blocks to Key
route and S. P. stations; price $2250; terms,
$200 cash, balance $20 monthly: open Sun-
days. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station, South
Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage; modern; latest open
plumbing; high basement: street work and
walks fion"; gas and electric lights; lot 45x
135; 4 blocks to Key route and S. P. stations:
price $2500; termR, $250 cash, balance ¦ $25
monthly: open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
. ' Lorin Station, South Berkeley. . ¦
BERKELEY 3OOMS.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bathroom: 2 connecting . ground floor rooms,
$3; the three. $12. 1904 Grove st.. off Univer-
sity ave.. Berkeley Station. Cal. '
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAEXAZTD BEAXi ESTATE.
$2S50 — THE prettiest Queen' Anne Gothic house,
containing tlx rooms, all tinted and frescoed ;
latest open and nickel piumblng; gas fixtures
and electricity; large lot; near- schools and
' Key route station; it Is a beauty and a bar-
gain and the terms are- easy;. to see it means
to buy It: owner must sell. J. 8. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS.
SIXTEENTH. 818. Oakland— Nicely furnished
rocrr.s to let: gentlemen ' preferred.
OAKXAKTJ PITskzTUBE FOB ; SAXE.
TO-MORROW I the day for . bargains In f urni-
ture.. H. •Schflhaas.il th »t..cor.»tore. Oakland;,
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS,: Helen Mining
Company (Incorporated), , San Francisco.
California — At a meeting of the director* and
stockholders of the above company, held Sep-
tember 2f 1904," - an assessment • of ; one . (1)
cent per share' was " levied ' on -_ the f capital
etock.- payable ¦- immediately to the : Secre-
tary, M. : J. • BROLAN, at . the company's • of-
. flee, pier 7, -Pacific '.St.*. San. Francisco. 1 Said
assessment - becomes delinquent • October . 17,
' 1904, and all unpaid assessed ; stock > will • be
sold 'November. 2, '3904,. to pay. the above as-
cesrment and cost of advertising. M. J.' BRO-"
LAN, Secretary. ';
WIGG — In the City and County Hospital. Sep-
tember. 13, 1004. Marie Wlgg. a native of
Iowa, aged 31 years.
ZWICKER— In this city September 11. 1904,
Paul Zwicker, beloved brother of Arthur
Zwicker of Portland Or.. Mrs. Anna Vogel
of San Francisco. Mrs. B« Encke. Mrs. M.
- Schliemann and Mrs. A. Bulls of Germany,
a native of Saxony, Germany, aged 51. years.
CARD OF THANKS.
The wife of the late John Van Gorder Hull
does hereby extend her many friends her
heartfelt thanks for their kindness, sym-
pathy and floral offerings during her late be-
reavement. MRS. ADA F. HULL.
12. 1904, Edward beloved husband of Ella
J.; Blake, loving father of Edward M. Blake,
son of Catherine and the late Francis Blake,,
and brother of Mary Frank. Katie and Llllle
- Blake of Virginia City. ..
E7"Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Fu-
neral notice hereafter.
CALDWELL— In this city September 13. 1904.
Mrs. Martha . Cald well beloved mother of
Mrs. George Leonard, Mrs. Frank W. Mar-
vin, Mrs. William P. Morrison and James A.
Caldwcll. aged 71 years 4 months and 13
days.
EyFuneral services Thursday, September
15. 1904. at 11 a. m., at the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. F. W. Marvin, 2100 Scott
street^ Interment private
CARLSON— In this city. September 13. 1904,
, Mabel, beloved daughter of William and So-
phie Carlson, and sister of Irene Carlson, a
native of • San Francisco, aged 2 - days.
CHURCH— In this city. September 12. 1904,
Isaac S. Church. ; a native of Massachusetts.
tC?"Services and Interment private.
COLTON— In thl 3 city, : September 12. 1904.
Willie R. Colton, beloved son of Mary Cal-
lahan and the late James M. Colton. and
brother of James E.. Alma E. and George
T. Colton. a native of San Francisco, aged
13 years 8 months and 4 days
£7The funeral will take place from hia
• late residence. 1840 Folsom street, to-mor-
row (Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, ' corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at I) a. ra.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In Visalia. September 11. 1904.
William Crowley, beloved brother of Mrs.
¦ . R. S. Davis Frank Crowley and Mrs. G.
Helster. a native of the City of Cork. Ire-
land, aged 30 years.
(E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. K. S. Davis. 250
Clara street., thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DERRE— In '. this city. September 12, 19C4r
Lola, dearly beloved daughter of Louis and
Margaret Derre, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 23 days.
ICTFuneral to-day (Wednesday), at 1 p. m..
from the residence of her parents. o541 Sev-
enteenth street. Interment private. Holy
" Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city September 13, 1004,
James J., beloved husband of the late Mary
Griffin, and loving father of Mrs. C. .King.
. Mrs. J. Winthers. Mrs. W. Holroyd. Mrs. F.
Valerro, Mrs. G Shiells and James J., John
A. and Frank L.. Griffln and the late T. H.
Grifnn. a native of County Kerry. Ireland,
ased 74 years.'
G7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 a. m., from the resi-
dency of his son. James J. Griffin, SillVi
Vallejo street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. sharp.
HOLTZ— In this city, September 13. 1904.
George, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Belle Holtz. and dearly beloved brother ot
Ella. Thomas and Edward Holtz, a native
of California, aged 17 years 6 months and
17 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
KNAPP— In this city. September 12, 1901,
. Amelia Ann. wife of the late Stephen H.
Knapp, and mother of. Charles. Wilbur. Ste-
< phen. Laura and Lorene Knapp. a native of
: New York City, aged 75 years 9 months and
16 days. (Nev/ York City papers please
copy.)
E7"Tho funeral services will take piace
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 a. m., at the
parlors of Halsted & Co.. 010 Mission street.
Interment San Mateo Cemetery by 11:30
a, m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
MACK— In this city. September 12. 1904. Mir-
iam Mack beloved mother of Sol. L.. Julius
J.. Adolph. Simon and Wilfred L. Mack.
Mrs. Pauline Blbo, Mrs. Laura Schlcsinger.
Mrs. Ella Lebcnbaum and Mrs. Ida Hyman,
aged 72 years and 9 months. (New York
papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral services will take place to-
day (Wednesday), at 9:45 a. m.. at the resi-
dence. 2501 Scott street. Interment Home of
Peace' Cemetery by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11 a. m. Please
omit flowers.
MILEY— In this city. September 11. 1904. Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of the late Andrew
and Hanna Mlley. and sister of Annie and
th« late James Mlley. a native of San
Francis ao.
E7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:So a. m., from her late
residence. 1426 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULCAHY— Entered into rest In this city, at
her residence, 1405 .Golden Gate avenue.
Ellen D. Mulcahy. dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. 'George B. Stangenberger. Mrs. Harry
Ellrodt and Thomas E. and Lillian A. Mul-
* cahy, a native of Knox. County Cork. Ire-
. land.
. . C7"Funeral private. -
VUNK— In this city. September 12, 1904. Rich-
aid Emil Munk. beloved husband of Augusta
Munk and father of Mrs. W. G. Hosteller
of Vallejo and Mrs. P. F. Andresen of Lorin.
Cal.. a native of Berlin, -Germany, aged 67
yeara and 4 months. A member of Gesell-
schaft Teutonla Court Hubertus No. 13.
F of A."HarmonIe. Golden Gate Stamm No.
74 U. O.'R. M.; Verein Elntracht; Gesang
Vcreln Alpen-Rosll; Club Elmhurst; Loreley
Circle No. 26, F. of A.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 (Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from Masonic Tem-
ple, where funeral services will be held under
* the auspices of Hermann Lodge No: 127. F.
* and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit nowcM.
The companions of Loreley Circle No. 26,
C OF of A. will please assemble at our
meeting' hall, 120 O'Farretl street. Alcazar
building. Wednesday, at 1 p. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late companion. Richard
Munk. By order
MRS. S. BROOKS Chief C.
MARIA PAPE, Secretary.
MYERS— In this city, September 13. 1904. Mrs.
Eliza Myers, beloved mother of .Mrs. S. If.
Collins and Mrs. H. Charnak.' Henry Myers.
Mrs. H. Steinman, Mrs. H. Blankenstetn and
Mrs. II. Wilson, a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 87 years ;• months and IS days.
(?'"Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., at her late resi-
dence. 2515 Washington street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
PETERSON— In this city.- September 9. 1934,
John H. Peterson, a native of Helslngbcrg,
Sweden, aged 72 years and 3 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
of Craig, Cochran & Co.. 42» Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkin streets.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PHEMESTER— In this city, September 10.
1004. Walter S.. beloved husband of Kate
Phemester, and ' father of Walter T..
Franklin J, and Evelyn, Bert. Clara ,and
Gordon Phemester. a native of Kansas, aged
41 . years 4 months and 1 day. A n?*ember
of San Francleco Aerie No. 5. F. O. E. :
Altahmos Tribe No. 87. Imp. O. R. M.I and
San Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights of the
Royal Arch. .
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday, September 14, at 2 p. m., from
the funeral parlors of Porter & White. 42.1
Golden Gate avenue. Funeral under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Artie No. 5. F. O.
E.' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -
POLI— In this city, September 12, 1904. Mas-
simlllano .Poll, a native of Venice. Italy,
' eged 43 years.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
'September 15.' 19#4. at - 1. p. .va.. from - the
undertaking parlors of Iaccherl. Duclbs &
Co., 629 Eroadway. between : Dupont and
Stockton etreets. Interment Italian Ceme-
¦¦tsry.-. . ¦ ' . ' . V : ¦'¦
ROOS— In Fruitvale, September 13, 1904,
Louisa Roos.' beloved mother of Mrs. C. C.
Helling, 'Mrs. George Merker, August,
Adolph and Christopher Roos of Michigan.
Mrs. G. F. Henry and Mrs. Lulu .Roos of
I . Fruitvale. a native : of Germany, aged : 66
years and 4 months.
SCHENCK— In this city, September 12 1004,
William T. Y.. son of Mary S. and the late
i W. T.Y. Schcnck.
E7Funeral services Wednesday, September
14, at 10 a. m.. at the chapel of N. Gray &
'¦ Co.. - 553 Sutter street. Interment private.
SHIELDS-^-In Chicago. September 7. 1904.
John a H.. husband . of . Louisa - Shields and
father of Howard J S. , Shields, a native of
Philadelphia.
(ETThe funeral will; take place to-morrow
(Thursday)," at' 10 a. m..\ from his late resi-
: dence. 875 Jackson "street, Oakland. Inter-
nment ; Mountain /View ,Cemetery.
STAPLES— In "this city, September .- 13. 10<W,
' Charles Henry John. , beloved son of ; Charles
¦D. and Kate Staples, and grandchild of Mrs.
A. Sauter.- the late John Charles Sauter and
Mrs. Mary L. Staples, a native of San'Fran-
clsco, aged ; 5 . months : and . 21 . days. 1
STUHR— In 'this * city, September 13. 1904,
. Anna : Maria Christina, dearly : beloved wife
; ' of : : Hans Henry : Stuhr. ;, devoted . mother of
; Mrs. -. Emma • Kussell and ;' Carl ; Stuhr, ;' and
¦ : grandmother : of , Millie • Russell, a . native of
: Germany.; aged, 49> years and U days.
TERRY— In= Pleasanton.J September 12, 1904,
John O., Terry.*' brother of Albert A. : arid the
¦ late Charles ' D.Terry, and Mrs. Fannie Ben-
.*' nett.* and; uncle 7 of .Mrs." J.* P.' Ritchie,' a: na-.
,_ tive of , San v Francisco, -aged « 38 years 10
-months and' 23 r days.- , ." •• • •
CTFriends and acquaintances, are respect-'
'-• fully invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday).'* at = 10:30 ; a.f m.;> from his *. late
. residence,-* 172 . Perry street. ; Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery ; by i train t leaving Third ' and
- Townsend •' streets at 11 :30 a. , ra. \ •
H ENRYJ. C ALL ACHE H CO.
'¦¦' (Successors to Flannacan & Gallagher). -
DANIEL : P. DONOVAN. ' ilgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
¦¦ 20 Fifth st./i opposite Lincoln School. *
*:¦.,¦ ¦;.r Telephone South 80. '
UNITED !^
¦Funeral •¦ Director* > and Embalmers-
V. ;i'J» Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. '¦-'".'¦ ¦-'¦¦
- ' NOW; at i 806 ¦ MISSION, w, Tel j South • 167.
Eetween • Fourth } and : Fifths near j Fifth i st.
. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. --.Continued on Page TwelTC
The Bean market; ls still quiet,' bnt' in satis
factory . condition for sellers, , with Llmas held
up to $4. v Pinks are weak,"-, but the -other sorts
aru steady as a rule. A good movement is an
ticipated ' with ' the ', Incoming Of : th« new : crop."
There i Is ' nothing; new In > Seeds." " '.•-_¦ «
BEANS— Bayos,V$2 35®2 50; « Pea. $3©3 25;
Butters, y $2 .75413 ;r small .White, • $2 9O4?3'1O';
large \,Whlte," $2 30@2 55; Pink, - $2 75®3 25;
Beans and- Seeds.
¦The Wool market Is iu,very good condition,
as the ' choice Wools, 'now Just .beginning to
come in. are; meeting with a brisk'*' demand.
The ; defective grades, . though - still . quiet, are
not neglected by/ buyers, as - they are slowly
passing out of first bands. The whole move
ment is . therefore ¦ fair and. the market ex
hibits a ' firm ¦ tone '¦ at unchanged - prices.
-'The. Hide situation remains as before, the
demand being - sufficient to prevent stocks
from ¦ accumulating. Quotations remain un
changed, f ¦ . - »¦'.•• ' ' .
.Hops rule firm at unchanged - prices, and a
cood : movement . Is anticipated as •¦ soon as the
new goods are ready for . the market. Grow
ers '. continue very- firm ; In ". their . views. . The
Eastern markets are also In good condition. --; -
.HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %61c under, quotations. , Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 6c; ¦ light,; 8%c; Cow
Hides,- 8%o for. heavy and >8%c for light;
Stags. '6%c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf. . lie: idry.t Hides. 16%c:- dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. . 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25^1
40o each; Bhort Wool, 40««5c each; medium,
Hidcs, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cons money... 88 0-16 N*Y" Central 12R '
. Do acct ....... 88% Nor & Western. .. 6fl%
Anaconda 4% ;. Do pfd "-*..'...... 92 •
Atchison .... . . . . 82% Ont & Western. .V 33 ;
. Do pfd ........101' 4 Pennsylvania .... 65%
Bait & Ohio. «0% Rand Mines-..'... 10%
Can Pacific .....120 Reading ..........'. 34 ,
Ches & Ohio....: 43% Do lst^pfd...:. 43%
Chi Great West. . 16%l Do 2d pfd. .. . : . 38%
Chi. .Mil- & St P.lfli V,l So Railway;. :;?. . 24V1
Do Been ........ l«9il Do pfd , .;......• flSU
Den &Rlo G.-... 27% I So Pacific- ......'.' O-'/i
Do pfd ........ 81 .-(Union Paelflo ".*.:. loov,
Erie .........;... 30 V, I Do ¦ pfd • . . . 7. .•.".". SB %
Do 1st pfd.....-6S%!TJ S Steel.:;... :.V,1B%
Do 2d pfd...... 48 I DOspfd .....;..'<!BU
111 Central . . . . ;.142%! Wabash ... ...... 22
Louis & Nash .-...125 I * Do nfd- ;....... 42%
M..K *, Texas... 23% I Spanish 4s........ ;' 87%
.-Bar silver— Quiet. "26d< per ounce.' -
Money — 1%@1% per -cent. :>¦ :.';;
The rate of discount In' the 'open market. for
short bills ls 2%02% t per cent and for • three
months' bills 2% per cent. ; ; ' '
Condition- 6f 'the 'Treasury.
-¦¦ WASHINGTON,*' Sept. To-day> : state
Receipts of. Hay .were remarkably light yes
terday, being only six cars. . But there are
hundreds of - loaded - cars on sidetracks ¦ In the
interior, waiting for a ¦ chance ' to get In here,'
and as present . local stocks are excessive one
day's light - receipts cut little figure. Quota
tions "• remain unchanged," and everything, ev
cept fine wheat grades, ls depressed.
- Bran." Middlings and- Snorts .show a slight
decline,^ with ' Bran ' especially easy, . owing . to
liberal offerings. Other Feedstuffs are un
otianged. ••¦"¦•¦- ¦"-.'¦¦.¦-¦ ¦ * . • .
;-¦ BRAN— $20©21 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $24828 per ton. .
. SHORTS— $20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23@23 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meat, at - the ; mill, $31 5O®32 50;
jobbing, $33; Cocoenut Cake, - $22®23; Corn
Meal ' $30 50@31 60; Cracked Corn, : $.11®:52.
Mixed Feed, $22<S22 50; Horse -Beans. • $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per- ctl.
HAY— Wheat.. $8012 BO.V with $13^13 60 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat, $8@12; Oat, $7 50@
10 60: • Barley and Oat, $7®9; Volunteer -Wild
Oat' $6 60«tS 50; stable," $7@8 50; stock. $0@7;
Clover, '$7 50©« 50; .Alfalfa. • $7010 50 : per , ton.
STRAW— 35067 %c . per bale. ;
Hay and; Feedstuff s:
: OMAHA; ' Sept. i 13. .— CATTLE — "Receipts,'
3800 ; . market i stronger; ¦ native ,- steers, $4® 6;
cows , and ¦ heif ers, ,.% $2 50@3 75 ;; " Western
steers, $304 50: Texas steers, $2 75®3 75; cowb
and ¦" heifers, . $2@3 25 ;- canners, .:$1 60@2 10;
: ; l KANSAS ." CITY, ' Sept. i 13.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts,^ i 20,000; ' markets steady -; to. lOc/lower;
native, steers, * $3 76(§.6; : native '- cows and heif
ers, r$I 50©4 60: 'stockers and feeders. $2 25®
4: • bulls, f $2@3 25: calves. $2 50®5 75;-West
ern steers, $3@4 50; Western cows, $1'75®3 25.
.; HOGS— RecelptB. 1 8000; - : market - weak - to
lower; bulk of sales, $5 50^?5 65; heavy, $5 5o
@5 65: .packers. $5 50@5 65; pigs and. lights,'
$5 40<35 «5. .:.-'- ¦:''¦ -.,- •
.-. SHEEP — Receipts. ,6000; market steady:
muttons. $3 25@4; ;lambs, $4 25®5 50; range
wethers. * $3 25@4 ; v ewes, ¦ $2 75<S3 50; Utah
lambs.- 73 • pounds, ; $5 45. .
. Omaha. v.> :"
Kansas City.
. SHEEP — Receipts, , 20,000; market for sheep
and limbs, steady;, good to choice : wethers,
$3 50®4 20: "• fair to ' choice mixed, . $3@3 65;
Western" sheep, $3@4; native lambs, $4 50^
6 25; Western lambs," $4@5 60.
" HOGS— Receipts, ; 16,000; market steady , to
lower; mixed and .butchers, $5 45@6; good to
choice heavy, $5 65@5 95; rough heavy,~85 15®
5 45; light, $5 50@6 05; bulk of sales, $3 60@
5 80. - - r.-i-\-y-:-- '¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦ :-¦ ,~,
. CHICAGO, ' Sept. 13.— BATTLE— Receipts,
7500; - market I steady: ' good to prime * steers,
$5 60@6 25; -poor: to ' medium. $3 50®5 50;
Etockern and feeders, $2 35® 3 80; cows,' $1 50@
4 50; heifers, . $2ffi'4 90; canners, $1 50@2 25;
bulls, ?2@4 40; Texas .fed. steers, $4 50®5;
Western ; steers, $3@4.60.
Chicago.
(:• CHICAGO. Sept, - 13.— On the Produce «• Ex
change to-day Xhe Butter market was steady;
Creameries, 14@18%c; dairies, 12%@10c. Eggs,
firm at mark, 1 cases included, 14%@l7c. Cheese,
firm. 8®9c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COTTOLENE— One half.'. barrel,' 8%e; three
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb. 1
The Chicago market is still a dragging and
unsatisfactory one, and this market ls no bet
ter. No . further change In quotations is re
ported, however.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 %o per lb for
heavy. ll%o for light medium, 14c for light.
14%c for extra : light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies, 11 %c;
Eastern, sugar-cured Hams,' 14c; ¦ Cali
fornia Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef. $10810 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $11(011 60; FamUy, $12®12 50;
prime 'Mess Pork. $14 60; extra, clear, $24;
Mess, $18: Dry Saited Pork, 10%c; Pig Pork,
$28; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb. |
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and- 9%c - tor ' pure; half -barrels,
pure. 9%c: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins, 10%c;
3-lb tins. 10%c.
Provisions.
A fair demand U reported at unchanged
quotations.
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family - Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 706 u:
Oregon and .Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
¦.MILLSTUFFS — Prices .in" packages arc as
follows: Graham t Flour, $3 25 per - 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Tlour,
$7;. Corn Meal,- $2 50; extra cream do, $3 CO;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy.
$:t 60@385; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60: Farina. $3 75; . Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 00: Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 60@7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, ¦¦ $5; Split Peas,
boxes, f 5 50; 'Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.'
Flour and Millstuffs.
London Closing Stocks.
Hoc Valley 81 83
Hoc Val ofd ." 87 88 '
1.000 Illinois Cent ... 138% 137% 138 138%
Inter Paper 14% 15
100 Inter Paper pfd 74 74 ' 73% 74%
600 Inter Power ... 41 40% 42 42%
Inter Pump ..... 30 32
100 Inter Pump pfd 75% 75% 75% 77
200 Iowa Cent ..... 23 22% 22 23
600 Iowa Cent pfd. 42 ' 41% 41 43
Kana & Mich 34 35
600 KC. FtS&M pfd 78% 78% 78% 79
300 K C South .... 25% 25 23 . 2ff
500 K C South pfd. 47»/. 47 47 47%
800Keokuk it. D M. 17% 17% 17 18
..Lac Gas pfd '.. 80 100
100 L E & West 32 32 32 33
L B & West pfd 65 100.
Long Island .:... *55 56
4,200 L & N..., 122% 121% 121% 121%
eOOjManhattan 157 157 156 150%
iManhat Beach .. 10 13
2,900jMetrop Sec 82% 79 81% 81%
39.500!Metro St Ry 122% 120% 122% 122%
8,500iMexican Cent... 14% 13% 14 14%
400jMlnn & St L... 55 53 55 56
200 M & St L 1st pfd 94 98
M St P & S S M 73 74
' M St P & S M pf . . ; 129 130
2,100 Mo. K & Tex.... 22% 22% 22% 22%
800 Mo K & Tex pfd. 48 47% 47% 4* .
21.200 Miss Pacific 08 96% 97% 97%
Nash C & St L 119 122
600 National Lead... 23% 23% 23% 23%
..Nat Lcadpfd 94 96
• 400 Nat R Mex pfd. 40 40 30 U 89%
100 Nat Biscuit 47% 47% 47Vi 47%
Nat Bis pfd 107% 109%
N J Central 178 180
N Y Air Brake 135 140
4,100|N Y Central 125 124 124% 125
100|N Y C & St L.. 31 31 30 32
INYC&StL 1st pf I I.... 1105 110 .
NYC&StL. 2d pfd| I I 66 | 69
NY Nfl & Hart.|.....| |104 195*
7.100 N Y Ont & W.. 3.1% 32% 33 33% i
3,300 Norfolk & West. 68% 08% 67% 67%
Nor &. W .ofd 90 92
North American 91 93
900 Northern Sec... 104 103% 103% 104
Omaha 140 150
„ Omaha pfd ..«. 185 195
O S L 4s 96% 97
l,200|Pacific Coast.... 65% 65 65 74
Pac Coast 1st pfd 95 105
Pac Coast 2d pfd 74' 76
1.S00 Pacific Mail 33V4 32 33 « 33%
112,600 Penn R R Co... 129% 127% 125'A 125%
2,100 Peoples Gas .... 103% 102% 102% 103 ¦
Pere Marquette 75 80 j
100 P C C & St L.. 69 69 6U% 09%
100 PCC & StL pfd.. 103% UH% 104 105
1,400 Preaed Steel Car 34% 33% 34 >4 34%
100 Pr Steel Car pfd. 80% S0% SO 81
100 Pullman Car Co. 218 218 210 218
100 Ry St Spring Co 22% 22% 22% 22%
Ry St Spr Co pfd 79 81
100,000 Reading 67 65 65% 65%
400 Reading 1st. prd. 85% 64% 85 85%
400 Read 2d pfd 75 76%
2. 600 Republic S & I.. 8% 8% S% 8%
700 Repub S & I pfd. 44% 44 43% 44
Rubber Goods 19% 19%!
Rubber G pfd . . 81 82
Sloss S S & I Co. 39V4 39%
Sloss S&I Co pfd .:... 86 89%
... St J & G I .., 15% 17
... StJ& G I 1st pfd| 47% 49
StJ&GI - 2d pfd. ....... 24 25
...... JSL& SF 1st pfd 72 75
2,100iSL &. SF 2d pfd 59% 58% 59% 60
600 St L & S W... 20% 20% 20% 20%
1,300 SL A SW pfd... 4414 43% 43 44%
37,400 South Pacific ;.. 56% 55% 55% 56
151,000 Southern Ry ... 34% 33V« 33% 34
9C0 Do pfd 95% 94% 95% 1)5%
Standard OH 636" 040
Stand Rope & T % 1%
2.3C0 Tenn Coal & I. 47% 46% 47% 47%
|Tex P L T Co 32 | 33.:
13,M)0,Texas Pacific ... 32% 30% 31%l 32
4001'niird Ave 125 124% 123 1120
iTol Ry &T Co 20 20%
Tol St L & W 28 29
300| Do pfd 48 46 45% 46%
Twin City R T .- 06% 98
300 Union B & P d/J 6% 6% 6%
300 Do pfd 62 CIVi 62% 65
63,000 Union Pacific .. 9S% 97% 97% 97%'
400 Do pfd ... 94 91 02% U3
U P Con 4s 104% 105
United Copper '' 8 10 "
URotSP... J. 13 14%
200 V R of S F pfd. 56% 56% 5tt% 57 .
|U R of S F 4s S4 84%
U S Cast Iron P 10% 11%
200 Do pfd 57 57' 50% 57%
500 U S Express 116 116 112 120
2,100 U S Leather.... SU 8% 8% i 8»4
-. Do pfd 86% 86 . 86 8t>%
U S Realty&cons 27 28
US R&R Co pfd. 52 53
2.100IU S Rubber .... 20% 19% 19% 20%
.'¦ .-...I "Do pfd '...^- ' "•• 74 75 *»•
23,000 US Steel Cor... 15% 14% 15 15%
81500 -Do pfd B5% 64V 4 64% 64%
3.200 Va-Car Chem Co 3+% 34% 34% 34%'
900 Do pfd 10S% 10S 10S% 108%
500Wabash ........ 21 20% 20% 21
5,100 Do pfd .'. 42 41% 41% 41%
...:... Do deb B 64% 65%
100 Wells-Fargo Ex. 230 230 230 240
1.600 Western Union.. 92 91 91% 92
600 Westinghouse ... 162% 162 162 163 .
300W&LE 17 16% 17% 18
200 Do 1st pfd.... 45 44% 44% 46
300 Do 2d pfd..... 25% 25 24 26
700 Wisconsin Cent.. 19% 19% 19% 19%
200 Dp pfd ........ 44% 44% 43% 44%
1.082,100 Total Shares Sold.
NEW YORK BONDS. ".•; •¦ i >;
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%fL & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4s. 107
' Do 3s reg 105 ( Mex Central 4s. ..- 66
Do coupon 105 j Do 1st lnc 16U
Do new 4s reg. 131% Minn & St L 4s.. 95
Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4s. 100%
Do old 4s reg. 106 Do 2ds 80%
Do coupon 107 | NR of Mex con 4s 77%
Atch gen 4s..... .103%! N Y C gen 3%s..l00%
Do adj 4s 95% N J C gen 5s.... 133%
Atlantic C L 4s. 8«U Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s. .103% Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s ....... 95% I Nor & W con 4s.lO2 -
Central of Ga 5s.lll%IOSL 4s &. partlc. 9«%
Do 1st lnc 84% Pa conv 3%s.... 99%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% I Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. SO j S L & I M con 5S.117V4
C. B & Q new 4s. 96% S L & S F fg 4s. 84%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO9% St Louis SW lsts. 98
C & NW con 78.130 Seaboard A L 4s. 83
C. R I & Pac 4s. 75% So Pacific 4s...... 94
Do col 5s 87 So Railway 5s. ...117%
C.C.C & SLgn «s.lO2 . Tex & Pac lsts.-.119
Chi Term 4s 75 Tol. St L & W 4s. 79
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73 Union Pacific 4s.lC5
Colo & So 4s.... 83% Do conv 4s 104
Colo Fuel & I.... 78 US Steel 2d 5s. . 81
Den & Rio G 4s.l01% Wabaoh lsts .....imi
Erie prior Hen 4s. 09 Do deb B 64% j
Do gen 4s ..... 88 W & L Erie 4s... 89% 1
F W & D C lsts.lOT Wls Central 4s... 90 |
Hock Val 4%s...lO8% •
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... " 201 Little Chief 05
Alice 45| Ontario 3 50
Breece 15 Ophlr 2 15 I
Bruns Con 151 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel .... 10 Potost ....... -.*.'... 11
Con Cal & Va... 1 00 Savage ........... 18
Horn Silver ..... 1 55 Sierra Nevada.... 30
Iron Silver ..... 1 70 Small Hopes ..... 25
Leadvllle Con ... 02 Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds. )j
Money— 1 United Fruit ;...106%
Call loans ....2%®3% US Steel......:.. 14%
Time loans ...4 @5 Do pfd . ... 64%
Bonds — ' ¦ Westing. Common. 81
Atchison 4s .....101% Mining— .
Do ad] 4s .95 Adventure ....... 1%
Mex Central 4s... 64% Allouez 12%
Railroads — ¦ Amal Copper ....57%-
Atchlson 80% Amer Zinc ...... 11%
Do pfd........ 98 Atlantic 12%
Boston & AIbany.280 Bingbam ...: 27.
Boston & Maine. 162 Calumet & Hecla.515
Boston Kiev .....154 Centennial 27%
Fitcbburg pfd.... 137 Copper •¦ Range ... 58%
Mex Central 13% Daly West 14 -
N Y, N H & H..192% Dom Coal ....... 67%
Pero Marquette... 74. | Franklin ......... 8%
Union Pacific. .... 98% Grancy ............ 2%
-- Miscellaneous—" . Isle j Royals ...... 16%
Amer Arge Chem.' 14 * Mass Mining'". ..." 3%
Do pfd 80V, Michigan '. .. «%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%I Mohawk V.. ...:... 45%
Amer Sugar . .».1-"V>>4« Mont Coal A Coke -5%
Do pfd .133. (Old Dominion ... 14%
'Amer Tel & Tel. 189 Osceola .: .; 79
Amer Woolen ... 14 Parrot 24%
Do pfd ........ 81% Shannon ..'.......• 4v
Dom Iron & S. !.. 11 Tamarack ......;. 117 ."
Ed Elect TllumJ.260 Trinity ...:.....:. 6%
Gen Electric .... 17% U S Mining 19%
Mass Electric;... 12% U S Oil ........... 11%
Do pfd .. ...... :5R%IUtah ............. 40%
Masn Gas . ...... 42% I Victoria , .. . : 3%
•Un Shoe Mach.. . 51%IWInona ....". *: » . .
Do pfd 30^ I Wolverine '". . . . . . . 92
CHICAGO. Sept. 13.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 14(81 17: No. 3, $1 05@l 16; No. 2 red,
$1 15%(f|l 18%: No. 2 corn, 54%c; No. 2 yel
low, 55@5Cc;' No. '2 oats. 31%c; No. 2 white,
33%c; No. 3 white. 31%@32%c; No. 2 rye',
74%c; good feeding barley, 37 ®39c; fair to
choice malting, 44<g.51c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 20;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 28; mess ¦ pork, '• per
barrel $10 75@10 85;, lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 02% @7 05; short ribs sides (loose), $7 37%
@7 50; ehort clear sides (boxed). $8 25®8 50;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28; clover, con
tract grade, $11 50@ll 65.
Articles — - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....... . . . . . 19,100 7,100
Wheat, bushels '...... i..... 154.000 129,800
Corn, bushels ............. 77L500 213.400
Oats, bushels .......359,600 38,700
Rye, buehels 4,000 . ..:... 7
Barley, bushels-. ......116.200 , 5,800
Cash Grain and Provisions. '
A fair shipping demand Is, reported for
Fruits at unchanged quotations, except Prunes,
which are a fraction weaker. Peaches are
the most active article under this head and
are also the firmest. The situation In Nuts
and' Raisins remains as before. Honey Is
firmly held at the old familiar quotations, but
the demand is slack.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%©99ifc for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
6%@7c; Peaches, 6%«8%c per lb; Pears, 6%®
12c: Plums, pitted, 6®6%o for black, 7%08%c
for red and 7®8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks 52 %c: a-crown, 55c: 4-crown. 65c; 6
crown[ 75c: bulk white. 3<4@3%c: black, 4*
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%®1%c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subjeet to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. .3-crown,
8c; 2-crown, 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown,
2%c;' 2-crown, 2 We: seedless Sultanas, 3c;
seedless Muscatels, !!!Jc; Seeded Raisins. 16-oz.
cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice. 4c: 12-oz. cartons,
fancy. 3%c; choice, 3%c per lb,
NUTS— Walnuts, No. n softshell. 13%<?14c:
No. 2. ll%@12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. ll@H%c; Almonds, 16@17c for new
Nonpareils. 14@14%c for IX L. 13©14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc: Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Co
coanuts, $4 50©5. '
HONEY — Comb. ll%@13c for white and 10®
llo for amber; water white extracted, 5%@
6%c; light amber extracted, S^Oc; dark, 3@
4V*c. -
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. •
Dried Fruits^utSyRaisinSjHoney.
Th« following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7v;®7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%<B6%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3S3^e
cer lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — ?2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c:
over 250 lbs, 4%c: soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stars. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS^ — Grain Bags. $5 13(35 25: San Quen
i tin. $4 75: Wool Ban. SC®32c: Fleece Twin*.
I 7%c: Fruit Bars, 6%'67%c for white and 7o
for brown Jute.
CANNED FRUIT — Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
* * *a QB w
FRUITS. ni m 3. "
? '. t ;
Apples $1 W.$l' 3041 20;»l 1O
Apricots 125 115 105
Blackberries 160 135 125 115
Cherries, Royal Anne... 2 10 180 1 US 1 a
Do white 2 00 165 1501
Do Black 1 80 1,«5 1 50 1 30
Grapes. Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 9«
Nectarines 150 125 115 I UT.
Peaches. Tellow 1 75 1 35 1 25 1 15
Pears. Bartlett 190 160,140
Plums. Green Gage 1 35 t 10| 1 00 9<>
Do. Egg 1 35 1 1W 1 M 9O
Do. Golden Drop 1 35 1 10 1 00 9O
Do Damson 1 40 1 15 1 05 1 CO
Raspberries f.... 2 50 2 25 2 00 1»
Strawberry 2 00 1 T5 160 140
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 2%-lb
standards. 67%@70c: gallon standards. *2 05*r
2 10; 3-lb solid pack. S7%390c; Green Peas —
Baby petits pofs. *1 50; petiU pois. $1 33; ex
tra sifted. $1 15: standard sifted. *1; stand
ards. 85c: Marrowfats, 82%e; gallon sifted.
*4 25; gallon standard. $3 75 f. o. b. Saa Fran-
COAL— Wellington. *S D«r ton: New" Wel
lington, $S: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, *fl 50;
Beaver Hill. *5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coo« Bay.
15 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In,
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An-
I thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
! Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke,.
1 $11 50®13 per ton in bulk and $15. in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 50 per short
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Vnlon Fish Com
pany report the arrival of 359,847 FUh— 8*0
tons — from the Bering Sea. Bundles, per lb
4%c; cases, regular. $3 55; cases. ¦ extra, large.
6%c; Eastern style. 6%c; boneless. 6^,c;
"Norway." 6V t e; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Sil
ver King." "%c: blocks. "Oriental." 6%c;
blocks. I "Seabrlght." 7c; tablets 7 %c; mid
dles 7<39Vie; fancy boneless. 8^@9%c; pickled
Cod. bbls. $8: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as fol
lows. 60 days or % per cent discount for cash
no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14 %c: Sisal.
10%c: Duplex. l)',ic; Bale Rop*. ll%©ll*»e
P *COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal ; «®l«jH<*
for strictly prime to fancy wash-d: 12V>(?l3Ur;
for prime washed: ll%®T2*ic for good wanlied:
im<ai3c for trood to prim* washed peabeTry;
10011c for good to prime peaberry; 11^ 12 40
for good to prime: 9®10%c for fair; 7%g8V 3 &
fcr common to ordinary. • '
Salvador— 13(914c for fancy washed, nominal,
12®12%c for strictly prtm« J . w *» h^ 1 : A , / 10 7' ! *
ll%c for good to prime washed: 8V»@10V»c lor
fair washed: 10*311 %c for fair to prims wash- (
ed peaberry; 10'QilO%c for good to prime ««[»
washed- 0%'SlOUc for superior unwashed; 9%o
for rood green unwashed; 9%©10c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; 6®3c tor tnferior
Nominal: ll%«13%e for prim*
to fancy washed: 9\i®lO%c for fair to strictly
good washed; 8%©8%c for good to superior
unwashed: 9%@10o for good to prime uawash-
aad Mexican— 13%©15o for fancy
washed nominal: ll%@13%c for prima to
strictly prime washed; 11©11%c for strictly
¦ good washed: 10%®10%o for good washed; 9Vi
©1014c for fair washed: 8%®9c for medinm:
6@8c for Inferior to ordinary; 10%^ll%c for
rood to prlmo washed peaberry: 8%<®10e for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 9K©10%«
for rood to superior unwashed.^^
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. »«31e: extra
heavy, 31«33c per lb; medium, 25^2»c:
lUht 22©27c: Rough Leather. =4'<r2t>c:
Harness Leather heavy. 33@C9c for No. I and
30033c for No. i; medium. 30i&3*c: light. 29^
35c; ricirtlng. No. 1. 40«42c; No. 2 36»:!Sc:
Collar Leather. 15016c per foot; Trace Leather,
40<fM4c: Kip. unfinished. 40«S50c per lb: Veal,
finished. 50-560c p«r lb: Calf, finished. &*•£$ I.
per lb: Wax Sld«s. 16©17c per foot: Belt
Knlf« Splits. 14S16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c
Pe TANBARK— Ground. $25©28 per ton: stick.
*18 50<B18 per cord. '
OILS—Quotatlons are for barrels; for cases
add 5c: Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw: Castor Oil. to eases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 10©l 12: Lucpl. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. case*.
«5«8Oc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
5Sc for Cevlon and 55c for Australian; extra
1 bleached winter Sperm On. 6Sc: natural winter
St>erm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
OH 57c -.natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
strain^ Lard OH. 75c; N«. I Lard Oil. 65c;
pure-Neatsfoot OH. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Ol .
l 63c: lijrht Herrin* Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c : Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; ra*r
Fish Oil. 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
° COAL OIL^-Water WWt» Coal Oil. In balk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 19%c: Astral. . 19%c:
Star. I9%c: Extra Star,. 24c; Elaine. 2«crEo
cene 23c: Decdortzed Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c- 'in case!*, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c: In
cases. U»! ? e: SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 25c:
in caws, 31 e.
TURPENTINE — Sic per rallon la cases and
75o in drums and Iron barrels. ¦
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TKift
7%c per lb; Whita Lead. 7U©7%c. according
to quantity. •
QUICKSILVER— *41@43 for local use and
S41S41 60 wr flask for «xoort.
SALT— The- cutting has broken oat again
and" new lower prices are quoted, will be
seen. Bales. 90c for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy. $5 50 B«r ton: 'Granulated,
%« f.0; Half Ground. ICO-lb ba*s. $3 25; do.
50-lb bairs. $3 75; Rock Salt. $2 75@3 in ,100
and «3 25 in 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50. $12 50 and $13 50 per ton la packages
of 224, 110 and 50 lbs, res?#ctlvely.
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aa follows, per lb. In 10»>-lb bags;
The Weather and Crops.
The «wk!y report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Vcuthcr Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The vreathcr continued warm and generally
!c!-ar during the *-«k. with fogs along the
«'jij-t. Ttiur.df-rM.orms were frequent on the
easm-n *U»|>e of th«- Sierras, and a "cloud
bunt" U reported near Citrus on Monday,
(iUMi:f *ome damage to an Irrigating ditch
• nd the railroad track. A few light sprinkles
*tre reported from the San Joaquin Valley on
Tuefday and a severe thunderstorm and high
»ind occurred in the vicinity of Los Angeles"
«n Saturday, the wind and rain causing eome
oatr^gr fa Los Angeles and Pasadena..
The grain and hay harvests are nearly com
luted. The yield and quality of grain were
Ix-low the average in all sections, although a
Sair cro;i haf been harvested In portions of
the coast districts. A large crop of hay of
excfllent quality has been harvested except
Jn the south. Hop picking and baling are
tirogreFsing and the crop will be large. Sugar
l-cet harvest continues and a high percentage
cf supur is rtported. Bean harvest has com
xr.fnced in Lake County and a good yield is
jircibabl*-. Corn and vegetables are doing well.
Grapes are tnakin? rapid progress and an
excellent crop will be harvested. The first
carload of Tokays wiir be shipped from Florin
?¦fcrty this we*k. Some parly varieties of table
•trapes are being marketed. Raisin grapes
v ;:: be r^ady to pick in some sections this
m-«>k. The yield of raisin, wine and table
crapes will be very large. Deciduous fruits are
feeing rapidly gathered, and canning, drying
and chipping arc progressing; as a whole the
crop ts below the average. Almond harvest is
progreKKlng In tbj» Lodl district. Oranges, fi^s
and walnuts continue in frood condition.
COAFT A.VD BAY SF/TlCi.NS.- The weather
during the week was cool and cloudy in the
coa.«t district*, with occasional fops, and gen
erally clear' and warm in the Interior. Grain
harvest is n»-arly completed and threshing and
hay hiding are progressing. Bean harvest is
In irrri'^f in Lake County and will commence
coon in the south; a pood crop If probable in
both sections. Hops and furar trets are in
excellent condition and advancing rapidly. Corn
• nd vegetables art doing well. There are some
»*ports of Injury to grapes by the. grapevine
r -« ,*<>. but in most sections the outlook is
rood for a large crop. Prunes are reported
.:¦'.• in rr..iny places, but the fruit is of ex
cellent quality. Apricots are yielding a better
crop than expected in San Benlto County.
Olives, almonds and walnuts are f n good con
dition.
SACnAMENTO VALLEY.— The temperature
continued cllghtly below normal during the
w«ek and the weather was generally clear and
favorable for crops. Grain harvest Is com
pleted except In a few places. Threshing and
hay baling are progressing. The grain crop
ii> ranch lighter than last reason's, but hay has
yielded a heavy crop, excellent in quality.
Hop picking asd baling are In progress. Grapes
are ripening earlier than usual in some sec
tions and the crop will soon be ready for har
v^tt; prospects continue good for one of the
largest yields in several yesrs. The first car
load of Tokays will be shipped from Florin
early this week. Fruit. picking and drying are
progressing. Pears are turning out very well
and thtre will be a fair crop of prunes In
some sections. Almonds are nearly ready for
pi' king. Oranjrea are In good condition.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— The weather
during the past week was generally clear and
warm and favorable to all crop*. A few
lirfct «prlRkle« of ra'.n were reported In the
northern portion of the valley Tuesday The
r rain harvest is complied; the yield was light,
but the quality fair. The deciduous fruit crop
Im rlpeninr rapidly and canneries and dryers
ar# m full operation; shipments are being
mac© ¦ freely to local and Eastern markets. The
prune cros> l s pood. Almond harvest Is pro
gressing and the crop; will be short. Table
crapr* are plentiful and being shipped In large
quantities. n*i,i n crapes an» making go^d
progress and picking will commence next week
lwf?r? W i" ** larse - Watermelons are'
™Si i U U^ d *?"} and t"**™* *« making i
Kooa Growth, a large acreage of alfalfa has
fceen left to cut for aeed. Ktock are healthy
and tn rood condition
SOUTHERN CALIFORNM Tb« weather
r^r l lt 1 "' tra 1 1!y w » rm «"<!. partly cloody until
foZI n?^, do ,K' of the w «*- *»«» occasional
.£?,*.?* e COtu " t - An severe
thunderstorm, accompanied by heavy rain and 1
Hy on the Uth. Considerable damage was
done In Pasadena and Los Angel eiby th«
• .?.?¦ *'ftcr. Walcuts continue In good
condition aad an average crop is expected
Or *?Zl~!!?Z pV** 1 *** rapidly aad picking has
commenced la «om« vineyards In San Diego
Cou=ty;.i he outlook I. rood for a heavy crop.
Deciduous fruits are below average. CttnS
fruits have been benefited by the, warm weath
er and are in Rood condition. Sugar beets at
Banta Maria have a high percentage of sugar
B<-ons are below average. Irrigating water Is
twcomlng scarce. ,7!
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— A warm week
the water supply is rapidly diminishing a'
short crop ot .blackeye beaos is beta* 'har-
¦ New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. SeDt. 13. — Close: Money in
call, steady at 1®1V4. closing bid 1, offered at
1%. Time loans firmer, 60 days, 3 per cent;
90 days, 3@3Vi per cent; six months, 3%@3%
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at 4 S690g4 8695 for de
mand and at $4 845O®4 S4t>0 for sixty-day
bills.
Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 8S.
Commercial bills. $4 84%.
Bar silver. 6O9&C.
Mexican dollars, 45c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
weak. ' •
New York Stock Market:
NEW YORK. Sei*. 13.— The wild price
movements in the craln market to-day made
an effect on securities unavoidable. Prices of
stocks are, iu consequence, lower than last
night. The low stage to which the wheat crop
prospects have fallen has become an ac
cepted fact in Wall street, so that the princi
pal attention is oaid in speculative circles to
the corn crop, on which remaining hopes are
largely based to redeem the condition of af
fairs. The unreasonable weather in the corn
belt caused great alarm, which the stock mar
ket was unable to withstand. The weekly
bulletin of the Weather Bureau was unusually
outspoken in its assurances against harm to
the corn crop by the frosts which have. already
occurred, but a weather "forecast which fore
told of frosts for the night deep into the corn
belt created t*ie liveliest apprehensions. The
detailed statement of domestic exports for
August reveals the fact that the heavy fall
ing off in value of foodstuffs exported , Is due
almost wholly to the prohibitive price at which
wheat is held, the August exports of that cereal
amounting to but 216.4G9 bushels,- compared
with 6,4*4,439 bushels in August of last year.
The 3,094.490 bushels of corn exported in Au
gust show a nominal falling off from last year.
The weakness due to the corn crop scare and
the unpromising wheat -prospects permeatej the
railroad list very xenerally. although much is
hoped from the cotton ctod. especially In the
results to Its own territory and its tributaries.
The lifting of Pennsylvania to the highest
price had the effect of checking the declining
movement elsewhere and in starting an effect
ive recovery. There was Eome strength In the
railway equipment stocks. Money rates were
again steady, especially for the shorter pe
riods, and $500,000 of gold was engaged for ex
port to South America. The money market is
1 looking forward to another larpe decline in
cash reserves for the current week.
The weakness - of stocks had aji effect on
bonds. Total sales, $4,775,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Bales. £t»»cks— |HIgh|Low.l Bid. Ask.
! Adams Express 235 240
35.S00 Ama'l Copper 5SV4 67 67% 57%
Amer Can Co .. : 4% 4%
..- Do pfd 45% 46
3.SO0 Am Car & F Co 24 22% 23% 23%
800 Do pfd 81% 81% 81% 81%
300 Am Cotton Oil. 32% 32% 32% 32%
Do pfd 90 94
Am Dls Tel 28 30
Amer Ex 210 214
Am G Twine Co 5% 6%
Am Hide & L 4 4%
100 Do pfd 20 20" 19% 20%
Amer Ice ¦ u% 7
200 Do pfd 26% 26 26% 2B%
Amer Linseed 12 13%
Do pfd 31 35
38,500 Amer Loco 27% 27% 27% 27%
300 Do pfd ..;... 97% 95% 97% 97%
Amer Malt 4 4%
Do pfd 10 20
15,900 Am Smelt & R . 66% KT.i; 66 66%
200 Do pfd 108Vi 10S 107% 109
4,200 Amer 6ugar . . . 130% 130 1:10% 130%
Do pfd 130% 140 ,
Am Tel & Tel 140 140%
100 Amer Tob pfd... 144 14 i l»0 142
• A---. Amer Woolen 13% 14
Do pfd ; .. gl- 82
900 Anaconda 84% 82 82 S3
lAnn Arbor 28 30
Do pfd 57% 60
21,O00'A T & Santa Fe 81% 80% 81 81%
COO! Do pfd 98% 9"% 97% -98
10.200;Balt & Ohio ... 88% 87% 88% 88%
Do pfd ..... 03 03%
(Bay State. Gas 3-16 %
17.900;b R T 65% 53% 54% 55
Brooklyn Un Gas 220 230 '
' 100 Brunswick D ft I 6% 6% 6 6%
Butterlck Co 48% 49%
Canada So 67 68
2.300 Canadian Pao .. 125% 124% 124% 125%
11.900 C & O 42V« 41% 41% 42 ,
200 C & A 40% 40% 40% 41
200 Do pfd 84 84 81 85
C & E 1 pfd 125 140 '
C I &. L pfd 80 85
400 C & O W pfd B.. 25% 25 22% 25
C & G W debs 82% 86
l.lOOjC & N W 187% 186 187 188 -
.25,100 CM & St P... 157% 150%
• v Do pfd '.... 1S3 lfi*i
45.200 C R I & P (new) 28% 27% 27% 28
3.400 Do pfd 71% 70 71 71%
C R I & P 4s. * .... 74V4 74V4
600 Chicago Ter 6% 6 6 6%
Do pfd ...; 14 . 15
l.eOOChicago U T.... 7 7 J 7
Chicago U T pfd 3<j*4 40
....... C C C * St L 78i2 7014
C CC&StL pfd ..' 109 no
.."••.".. Clev, L Jfc W a
Clev. L &. W pfd " 70 "Y\"
6,300 Colo V & 1 40% 39 3»% 39%
...Colo F & I pfd... 60 82>i
400Colum. H C A I 13% 12% 13 lji?
600 Colo South 16% lff% lay. i 6 s?
1.600 Col South 1st pfd 49V* 4ft 49& 4Q1J
8,100 Col South 2dpfd 23% 22 23 23%
- 4,600 fConsol Ga« 206 203% 204 205
2,600;Con T Co pfd.. 122% 120% 122% 123
6oo|Corn Prod .... 13% 13% 13% isv
3oOCorn Prod pfd.. 70% 70% 69% 70%
2,600 Del- & Hudson.. 168 160% 167 16S
p, L"& W ............... 279 2S0
.200D & R O .... 26% 26% 25% 26%
lOO'D & R O pfd.. 78% 78% 78 78%
lOODes M & Ft D.. 24',i 24% 24 24%
2,100 Detroit U Ry... 65 67 6<5 60%
Detroit South ............ 2 V,
Det South pfd.; .......... 4 2
....... TMam Match .... ...... ..... ISO 135'
• 1.200 Distil Secur 27% 27 25% 28
Dis Secur Bds.. 71% 72
....... DuJ. S 8 & A.. 7 8
..;.... Dul. SS & A-pfd .'..:. /.... 12% 13
4*.700Erie 30% 29% 20% SO ¦
4.400 Eri« 1st Pfd .... 67 66% 66% 67
2,600 Erie 2d pfd .... 45% 44% 42y£ 42%
E & T H 68 60
-. E & T H pfd.. ..... ..... 80 ' 85 '<
....'... Ft W &. D C ..". ..... ...:. 47* 47Vi
....... Gen Chemical ............ 48 55
Gen Chem pfd.. ..... .:..; 04, n«%
1.300 Gen : Elee , : .... . 172% 172 172 . 173 ••
........ Great Nor pfd.. .:.-.. :.... 170 " 185"
, ,1.800 Green CCop.'..'. 15% 14% 15 15%
....... HavTotac Co.. ..:.. ...... 28 >.- 29%
....... jHav Tob Co pfd 39 41
Trade in fresh fruits was confined almost
entirely to the filling of regular local wants,
but as receipts of most descriptions were
comparatively light, prices were well main
tained and the market generally had a steady
tone. The day's supplies of Peaches consisted
chiefly of Oregon fruit, about 1200 small boxes
beliu: received from that State. Off erlnrs in
larze open boxes were mostly culls and met
wltn very slow sale. The canners were pick
ing up Freestones at $25 per ton. Strictly
fancy Bartlett Pears were scarce and firm
at the top quotation, while Winter varieties
were inclined to easiness. Apples were rather
weak than otherwise, with low grade stock
commencing to accumulate. Pomegranates and
Fii.3 did better, while Quinces were weak at
lower prices. Table Grapes were In good de
mand, particularly highly colored offerings of
the Tokay variety, and as receipts were rather
li°ht, the market was well cleaned up at the
close. Wine Grapes continued . to drag at
easy rates. The market for Citrus fruits was
firm, with stocks of Lemons and Limes very
light.
STRAWBERRIES — $2@4 per chest for large
varieties and $S©7 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES — ?2@3 50 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $»«8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7©8c per-lb.
APPLES— $1 1C@1 50 per box for fancy. 85c
GH for choice and 4O@75c for common.
PEARS— Bai"tletts. $1@1 25 per box; Win
ter Nellis. 8jc<8$1; other winter varieties, 50®
75c per box.
PEACHES — Small boxes,' BOgOOc; open
boxes. £0ce$l. r
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50®75c per crats
and Softi.'Oc per small box. /
POMEGRANATES— 5O@75c for small and $1
(gl -."> for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25@50c per box.
FIGS— 35@50c for small and 75c®$l for
large boxes. ; ¦
MELONS — C&ntaloupes, 50c@$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 25@50c per box; Watermelons,
$1 50^3 per . dozen, with some extra large
higher.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seedless.
50c; Tokay. 50<@85c; Muscat, 4O'e75c; Isabella,
60<£p75c; Black. 25@50c Large open boxes —
Black. 75c@$l; Tokay. $1©1 50; Muscat. *5c@
$1 25: Sweetwater. ; Wine Grapes, $12^
17 50 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@3 per
box for Valencias; Lemons, $2 30«'f3 50 for
fancy. $1 75<g2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit. S2@3; Mexican
Limes. $5 50<g6 per case; Bananas. «1 25@2
per bunch for Central American and 75c©
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2®4 per
dozen. v .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Intense excitement
prevailed in the wheat .pit at . the opening,
with apparently every trader an avowed buyer.
The demand was t-o urgent and offerings so
limited I that prices for all deliveries were
bid up fully 2c at the start. Initial quotations
on December showing a gain of l%c to 2%c
at $1 14 to (1 14%. May was up l%c to 2%c
at $115% to $1 10%. The cause ot the tur
moil was a cold wave which spread, over the
Canadinn Northwest last night, practically
ruining much of the wheat still standing. In
Manitoba the loss is estimated at 25 per cent
of , the crop. The desire to buy was Increased
by the strong tone of all foreign grain mar
kets, sharp advances abroad furnishing indica
tions of universal alarm regarding the Ameri
can wheat »crop. The buying* was on such a
heavy scale that it was, almost Impossible to
follow the market. As the session advanced
causes of fresh grief for the bears appeared.
Primary .receipts show;ed nearly a 50 per cent
decrease compared with a year ago, and pri
vate advices from the Northwest regarding
thrsshing returns were distinctly disappoint
ing. On the urgent demand prices rose rapidly
at times. The high point for May was reached
at $1 18%@l r .18%> nearly 2c above the former
high ' record mark. • Previous - to to-day th.e
best figure was SI 17, at which price wheat
for May delivery sold on "August 6. The un
usual activity continued unabated through • the
entire session the market closing strong, with
May at $1 17%@1 18. Final quotations on De
cember were $1 15%; :
The corn market sympathized with wheat,
bringing out liberal buying by shorts and also
heavy purchases for Investment account. At
the opening December was up %c to l%c'at
52c to 54V6c. With the announcement of the
Weather Bureau predictlqns the price quickly
shot up to 54%@54Vic. Small reactions fol
lowed on profit-taking, but the market closed
strong, -with December at 53%c.
Oats shared In the general bullish situation.
December opened %@Uc higher at 32%c and
closed at 33*4 c. 3 • '¦
Provisions were weak early in the session.
Later there was a flurry in January pork on
extreme covering by shorts, the advance ex
tending throughout the entire list. The mar
ket closed with pork up 25c, lard 2%c higher
and ribs 5@10c up.
The leading futures .ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. , High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — . .
Sept.; old ... i ii% .116% 114% i lev;
Sept., new ..1 12% 1 14 1 12% 1 13%
December .. 1 14% 1 16% 1 14 1 15%
May 1 16% 1 18% 1 15% 1 IS
' Corn No. 2 —
September .. 54 54% 53% 54Vi
December .. 53% 54V4 52 53%
May 61% 53% 51 . 52%
Oats No. 2—
September ..32 32 31% 31%
December .. 32% 33% 32% 33%
May ......... -35Vi 30% »35% 35%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 10 tJO 10 85 . 10 B0 10 77%
January ....12 40 12 t>5 12 37% 12 65
Lard Der 1C0 pounds — >
October ..... 7 05 7 10 . 7 05 7 07%
January 7 12%' 7 15 7 10 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 7 35 7-12% 7 35- 7 40
January .... 6.55 6 65 6 52% 6 55
Future Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88 Vi
Now York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Sliver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars 45 @ 45^
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 215}$
Berlin on London 20.42.
Paris on London 25.23
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — The shipowners' com
bine have evidently carried their point as to
freight rates, for spot chartering is now go
ing on at their rate of 23s Od for Barley, 'usual
European options. The rate asked for Wheat
is 228 6d, but' shippers will not pay it.' saying
that It is impossible . at present prices for
Wheat. They will not even bid 20s. The char
tered Wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 28,100. agsinst 51,700 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 02,300 tons, against
88,400; on the way to this port, 212,800 tons,
against 301,800.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm,
with higher futures.
Chicago soared from $1 12% to $1 16% and
closed at $1 15%. the advance being due to
frosts and rains in the Northwest and fears
of a delayed harvest, which make the shorts
very nervous. The whole trade is coming to
the conclusion that the country will have no
Wheat for exnort. and that what we export
now we will miss later. The " cash demand
is- strong.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
said: "The close was about a cent oft from
top prices. It was a booming market on large
trade and higher cables, and rains followed
by frost in Manitoba helped it. There was
doubtless a great deal of covering of shorts
and profit taking at the advance. - The close
was a little easier. The cash demand seems to
follow the advance very well. After two days
of a runaway market we think profit taking
should he in order."
In this market futures were higher under
heavy trading, but the market is not follow-"
ing the Chicago market as it should. Sellers
are trying to get an advance for the cash
grain, but without much success, as the mill
ers say that unless the demand for Flour im
proves they cannot pay any higher prices for
Wheat.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40©l 48*i: California'
White Australian. $1 55@1 61 Vi; Northern
Club. $1 40©l 4S»4; Northern Bluesteni.
$1 52%@1 60 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 52. $1 52% $1 51% $1 51%
2 d. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 51% $1 51% $1 51 Vi $1 51 Vi
May 1 51% .1 52 1 51% 1 52
, BARLEY — Choice Feed Is scarce at the mo
ment and a fractional advance Is noted. The
demand is good and the market is firm at the
Improvement. Futures are steady, ¦ but quiet
and no higher.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 O7V4@1 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping, $1.12V&@1 17V&; Chevalier. $1 17V&@1 30
Der ctl -" " -¦''-' *
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 1130 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 09% $1 00% $1 09% $1 09&
. 2 . n. m. session.
Open.' High. . Low. Close.
December ..$1 09% $1 00% $1 09% ¦ $1 00%
' OATS — Offerings .continue free, as usual at
this time of the year, but the market rules
firm, at the good prices, and sellers make no
concessions. The demand is about average.
White, $1 37V4@1 47%: Surplus, $1 5©@1 60:
Red. $1 22V&61 42% for feed and $1 37V&9
1 47% for seed; Black, $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 MST1 65 for seed.
CORN — The market continues quiet and un
changed.' Receipts are moderate and • consist
mainlv of Western. \ -• ,* .
Western sacked. $141140145 for Yellow,
$1 47%@1 60 for White and $1 37%£>1 40 for
Mixed; California largo Yellow, $1 60; small
round do, *l 55®1 62%: White, nominal: Egyp
tian. $1 35® 1 45 for White and $1 25®1 20 for
Brown. ,' 1| Wjw>jMl^iytjSgu»ta*
- RYE— Is higher, i with sales at $1 35@1 40
per ctl. Oregon and Washington are buying
in this market, which causes the advance. The
feeling ' Is , firm and the tendency ii still up- ,
ward. . ¦ ¦ . -
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
crop in no<r placed at 3^5,000 cwt.. and al
thousrh business ir. tho English markets was
<juiot. twice* were firmly maintained. The
O<-rman mn-skr-t wan ret>jrted firm at an ad
vance in t>rice« of 5 marks. Coturt advices re
porw-d firm rhartct?. with growers generally
rfT"Tt«»d lndiRTont sellers, desjrtte the high
prices rulir.fc. Thr market for State hops also
was report! d me firm. Locally there was a firm
but quiet market."
Mail advices from New York say: "The
ts.u-:r. market la unsettled. Orders are being
fccllclted, subject to confirmation, on the basis
ol 4 Vic f. o. to. for fancy new crop coast
teeded etcck. and it U understood that some
orders have been wired out on that basis,
but ud to the close we beard of no confir
mations. There Is some demand for imported
r./ir.as <_n the epot, and the market under
reduced stocks is firm. . We hear of no business
In future shipments from the primary market.
Valencia, layers are offered at 7%c to arrive,
but no sales ere reported. Currants remain
quiet, but the market, has a steady tone and
prices are unchanged. Apricots are wanted
and buyers are ready to pay the prices asked
a week ago, but sellers have raised their views
a quarter to a half cent and are offering very
qp&rtngly at the advance. Peaches are hard
to rind and the few offering are held at prices
above buyers-present views. Prunes are ex
tremely dull and the market is unsettled.
There are said to be sellers of new crop Santa
Olaras on the basis of Hie f. o. b. for the
four kSzc* in bacs, but on the other hand it
li- said that occasional sales have been made
on m. l*tc f. o. b. barts, with a quarter cent
premium on 40s. An offer was made to sell
new crop Northern prunes on the bafis of I.u5c
net end no brokerage, without business result
ing. Oregon Italian prunes, 30-40s of the old
crop. «re about out of the market, but 40-50s
are quite plentiful owing to the recent arrivals
of stock buutht some time ago for shipment
from the nia*t on a low basis. These goods
are now eflerrd at 6»»c on the Ej>ct in some
ln»Tan<~<»6. -' -
HOPS — Cable advices from the foreign mar
ket continue firm. The yield of the English
Hops and Dried Fruit.
Exchange and Bullion^
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MAKKETS.
Another decline In live Hogs Is noted, re
ceipts being in excess of the demand. All
other live and dressed stock remains un
changed, with the market well supplied. The
demand is reported better since the summer
vacation is over and the people, an back In
town asaln.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5Vi©7c for Steers and 4Q3o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 708c; small. 809c par lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7V4C; Ewes. 6#7o
per lb.
Lamb— 8%©9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6<88c per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Most dealers quoted a slight advance in
Butter yesterday, the market being well
cleaned up of strictly fancy goods. There Is
still more soft Butter coming in. but there
will be no more in a day or two with the
present weather. Cheese continues demoral
ized, with heavy stocks and a poor demand.
There is no change whatever in Eggs, as tha
demand and supply about balance at tha
moment.
Receipts were 24.200 lbs Butter. 692 cases
Eggs and 2400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 26®27a
for extras and 25c for firsts; dairy, 20®23c;
store Butter, 15@lSc;. Eastern creamery, 19ft
(g'-'Oc; Eastern ladle-packed, 14@15%c per lb.
CHEESE— 9®9Vic for choice mild new and
8@8Hc for lower grades; Young Americas,
lOUj&llc; Oregon, b'aluc; Eastern, 10<315c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 34@35c for large white se
lected, 32V&@33^o for choice and 80®32c for
common; cold storage, 27@28c; store, 25®27c;
Eastern, 25$j27c for firsts, 21@23c for seconds
and 20©21c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 10s In the
London market, but ruled firmer here and
closed at ?5 10@5 20.
Iron closed at 5Cs 3d in Glasgow and at 43s
In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Tin was again
higher in London, closing at £126 f>s for spot
and at £ 126 17s 6d for futures. Locally tin
advanced slightly in sympathy and closed at
$27 50@27 75.
Copper was 'a little easier in London, with
si>ot quoted at £57 7s 6d and futures at £57
los. Locally the market was unchanged, with
lake quoted at $12 62%@12 75; electrolytic,
$12 50@12 75, and casting, $12 37%@12 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 16s 3d in Lon
don and at $4 20@4 30 in the New York mar
ket. " '¦'.
New York Metal Market.
E. F. Hutton fc Co.'s New York wires yes
terday said: "Every one in Wall street seem*
convinced that the bull market has culminated.
IT.!* feeling exists among the professionals to
a man. They may be rigrht, as securities have
ecjoyed & marked advance in six months, but
we take the view that though many stocks
have seen their high prices for some time,
%ken are many active issues in which; there
to-ill be Important things doing later, which we
bXDect to tee make materially higher fig
tree."
The Tone of Wall Street.
vested. Serious damage in localities to
peaches, walnuts, hay and grain by wind and
rain on the 13th.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Continued cool,
cloudy and foggy, with some sunshine in mid-*
die of week. Oats and hay mostly harvested.
Grain is ripening slowly. Large crops of po
tatoes, peas and corn.
75@90c; long Wool. $lffl 50; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 fcr large and $2@2 50 for medium.
SI 25©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colt.-.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c; extra large do.
$1 25; large and smooth, 60c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%o per lb:
No. 2, 3%c: grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL, — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, SfQllc; Southern, 8@9c: Southern Moun
tain. Otillc; Middle Counties, free. 12314c;
do. defective, 10@12c; Northern free, 12® 14c;
do. defective. 10>j?12c; Hamboldt and Mendo
cino. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 1004 crop. 25©2Sc per lb.
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed
during the early trade and a third car, which
arrived later, was also placed on sale. Do
mestic Poultry was fairly active and firm at
the opening, but trade fell oft when the West
ern stock was marketed and the market closed
rather weak. Receipts of Game continued
lizht and prices were higher all around.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14@15c per
lb for Gobblers and 15®lCo for Hens; young
Turkeys. 20@22c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2: Ducks, $4@4 50 per
dozen for old ' and $4 50®5 6O for young;
Hens, $4@4 50 for small and $5®8 for
large; young Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters,
$4@4 50; Fryers. $4g4 50; Broilers. $250^3 50:
Pireons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50&
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, 75c per dozen: Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Robbits, $1 75@2
per dozen. ,
Poultry and Game.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 5»; 7 7%
Closing 7 6 7 8S
PARIS.
Wheat—* Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening . . 22 95 24 40
Closing 2285 24 85
-Flour' — . ¦ i ;
Opening ...... 30 65 81 85
Closing 30 55 3185
Boston Wo ol Market.
¦ ¦ • ¦ ____ »'"f ? "¦*
¦ ' BOSTON, Sept. 13. — The Boston wool mar
ket is Btill active. There is an advancing
tendency. Quotations:
California — Northern, choice, 22ig>23c; aver
age,. 18® 10c; "middle counties, 17@18c; South
ern, 14@15c.
Oregon — Eastern staple, 19®20c; valley, 25c
Territory— Idaho, fine. 18#l8%c; fine me
dium, 18®18%c; medium, 10@20c.
Wyoming — Fine, .16@17o; fine, medium, 17©
18c. -
Utah and Nevada — Fine, 17@17%c; fine, me
dium. 17%®18c; medium, 20@21c. .
Montana — Fine, choice, 201221c; average,
19®20c. '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. \
PORTLAND, Sept. 13.— Wheat— Export.*
Walla Walla, 78c; bluestem, 83c; valley, 84c y
for shipment East, Walla Walla, 84c; blue
stem, 87c. • ' ¦
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 13.— Wheat— Higher. Blue
stem, 84c; club, 70c. • •
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Sept. 13.— Clearings, $943,300;
balances, $177,831. t
TACOMA. . Sept. 13. — Clearings, $410,178;
balances. $40,850.
PORTLAND. Sept. 13.— Clearings, $885,633;
balances, $65,680.
SPOKANE. Sept. 13.— Clearings, $516,828;
balances, $38,085. ?
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Common, 4^!5c; prime, 5%@5%c;
choice, 6@6%c; fancy, 7@7%c.
' PRUNES — Attract very little demand. Spot
quotations range from 2c to 5%c, according
to .rade. • v
APRICOTS — Show little fresh f eature. \ A
few cars of new crop have arrived and are
offered at about 9%c for choice Royal. Spot
quotations are unchanged at ii%@10c; extra
choice, 10%@10%c; fancy, 11® 13c.
PEACHES— Rule quiet. Choice. 7%@7%c;
extra choice, 7@$%e; fancy, »Vi@10c.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13. — FLOUR — Receipts,
28,300 barrels; exports, 8000 barrels; market
strong and quotably higher, with active de
mand. '
WHEAT— Receipts. 16,000 bushela. Spot,
strong- No. 2 red. $1 22 Vi f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, $1 31% f . o. b. afloat. Op
tions had another strong and active day. In
fluenced by a cold weather scare, prices ad
vanced more than 4 cents per bushel, attended
at times by heavy covering, and a fair -outside
buying movement. The highest level since 189fc
was reported on the bulge and the matket
closed strong at 3%c net advance. May,
SI 17%@1 20, closed $1 10%; September, $1 20
@1 21%. closed $1 21 Vi; December. $117%©
1 20%, closed $1 1354. , »
HOPS— Firm. -
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. '
COFFEE — The market for Coffee ¦ futures
closed unchanged. Bales. 21,500 bags, includ
ing- December at «.75@0.80c; March, 8.05c;
May, 7.25(§7.30c; July, 7.35c. Spot Rio, steady;
No. 7 invoice, 8%c; mild, weak; Cordova, 10@
13%c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 tost, 4 5-16o; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, firm.
BUTTER CHEESE and EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Wall street stocks unsettled, with a bearish feeling.
Local stocks and bonds much quieter. :.-.;.*'
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat freights dull, but Barley freights steady.
Northwest still sending in bad reports of the Wheat crop.
Barley higher again, with choice grain scarce.
Rye in demand for the north and higher.
Oats and Corn as previously quoted.
Fair demand for Flour and Millstuffs.
Bran, Shorts <ind Middlings zveaker. Hay still depressed
Beans unsettled and nominal, pending the new crop.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables shozv little cliangc.
Poultry in larger supply and weaker. Game higher.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply and fair demand*.
Drisd Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about as before.
Butter slightly higher. Cheese weak. Eggs unclianged.
Provisions dragging here and at Chicago.
Wool, Hops and Hides in good shape for sellers.
Lire Hogs lower, other Meats unchanged.
Salt much lower, under renewed cutting.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c<3$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans. 162c per 1b;
Wax Beans. l%@2H;c per Ib; Lima Beans. l@"Jo
per lb; Tomatoes, 20@50e per box; Summer
Squash, 20@35c per box; Cabbage,- 75c per ctl;
Carrots, 75c Der sack; Cucumbers, 2o<S40c per
box; -Pickle Cucumbers, 'nominal; Garlic, 4^o
per lb; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box; Dried
Peppers, nominal; . Green Okra, 30540c per
box;. Green Peppers,' 25@40c per box; Marrow
fat Squash, $15620 cer ton.
Receipts of Potatoes, while light, were well
up to requirements, with trade confined to the
filling' cf orders for regular local account. Sa
linas Burbanks were steady and dealers were
expecting a more active market, as several
large shipments, which were lost when the
steamer City of Toseka was sunk at Seattle,
will have to be .replaced. ! Onions ruled weak
at previous oricc3, with supplies liberal.
, There were no chances in prices of miscel
laneous vegetables. Canners were buying low
grade offerings of Tomatoes at the Inside rate,
but otherwise there was nothing new to report.
POTATOES— Burbanks from th« river, 50®
75c per ctl; Salinas Buhbanks. $161 30 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles. 75@S5c;
Sweet Potatoes, $161 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cotton futures : closed steady. September.
10.34c; October, 10.18c; November, 10.19c;
December, 10.22c; January, 10.26c; February,
10 20c: March, 10.33c; April, 10.36c; May,
10.30c. : .' .
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— Cotton futures open
ed strong. September, 10.40c; October. 10.19c;
November, 10.27c; December, 10.25c; January,
10.30c; March, 10.35c; April, '10.36c; May,
10.3SC. ' .
. Cotton spot closed quiet. Middling uplands,'
10.00c; middling Gulf, 11.15c; sales, 178
bales. | .-, . , . • . '. .
New York Cotton Market.
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $148,240,074; gold. $54,020,508. ;
Red, $4; Lima. (3 00(84; Red Kidneys. $4 25;
Blackeyes, $2 40@2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2 25. -.¦-...
- SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard. $3 25: Flax. $1 90@2 25; Canary, 8*4
©•7c; Alfalfa. 15©15%c; "Rape. 1%®2%c; Timo
thy. 5?£c; Hemp, 3Vi@3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
@3%c: Broom Corn Seed, J2(Mj'Jl per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NHes, ,$2@2 25; new Gteen
Peas, $2@2 25 per ctl.
stockers and feeders. $2 75®3 85; calves, $3@5;
balls. and stags, $1 75@3 25. .
HOGS— Receipts, 7000; • market weak to ¦ 5c
lower; heavy, $5 40@5 55; mixed. $5 45® 5 50;
light, $o 60@5 65; pigs, $4 75@6 35; bulk of
sales. $5 45®5 65. ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 20,000: market lower and
weak; Western yearlings. $3 65@3 85; wethers.
$3 40@3 75; . ewes, $363 50; common and
stockers, $2 50@3 75; lambs. $4 50@5 60.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER 14, 1901.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Chicago Board of Trade.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
J&i fe
» At Auction
100 Head of Sound Young
Horses and Mares
WILL BE SOLD ON
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.
At 11 o'clock, at J. B. HORAN'S SALES-
YARDS, cor. Tenth and Bryant stst Come
and get them at your own prices, as they
must and will be sold.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
Closing Out Sale at Auction £^>
WEDNESDAY. September 14, at 11 a. in.,
2109 MIS3ION ST.. Near Seventeenth.
On account of property changing hands, I
will sell my entire livery and teaming bust-
ness, consisting of 23 horses from 10CO to 1450
pounds: also 3 laundry wagons, milk aad gro-
cery wagons, business buggies. 14 sets wagon
harness, 3 sets buggy harness. 3 sets double
harness, 2 buggy poles, whips and robes; also
2 fine milch cows. Parties wishing to buy will
do well to attend this sale, as everything must
be sold. A. H. SCOFIELD. Prop.
A. H. ANDERSON. Auctioneer.
.fc* £* £*
AUCTION SALE of 50 head of GdOD YOUNO
HORSES. WEDNESDAY. Sept. 14. at 11
a. m. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327
SIXTH ST. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.. GERMAN .THEATRICALS.:— ' Next ; Sunday
night | a | German I theatrical - entertainment | will
be eiven in San : Francisco Turn 'Halle; for; the
benefit of the .veteran 'German ; actor, 'Henry
Maret. : on which occasion , '.'The '¦ Postillion 'of
Munchebers" 'will -. be 'produced. ':•,-¦ ¦
TELEGRAPH HILL TAX.— Auditor »Baehr
announces. that he jwlll, decline to comply with
the request ' of > the • Board » of ; Supervisors I that
t.0071- be deducted from • the tax - rate > on^ ac
count : of the - failure " of the. Telegraph' Hill
Park bonds to pass. Under ordlnance-No."1211
tb» official rate . of . taxation is , $1 12 on '. every
$100 valuation. To this is added the State. tax
rate of $.533.' making a total of $1:655 on every
$100. ' This would j have been the official taxa
tion even ' had there heen - no mention- of -Tele
graph Hiu.^ataBykT^nanBBBBRBnfi
• JBANX LOSES CONTEST.— The Supreme
Court decided yesterday that the San Fran
cSfcco £»v!r;s Union could ' not recover ¦ in ' the
present Ttilt the $18,169 63 owed to It by
Reclamation District Xo. 124. Warrants ' in
favor of the plaintiff were- drawn by the
Auditor, of the district, but there wa» no money
fn th« treasury- The court holds .that the
bank cannot eelze the. eecurlty. because the
complaint doe« not etate sufficient facU to
constitute a cause of action.
The Edward Know]** Company are making
•ome very ««-ill booklets. 2» Second street. •
O'Connor Seriously m.
Thomas M. O'Connor, formerly a
well-known Democratic politician
and Grand Army, man, lies dangerous
ly ill at his residence. 1474 Sacra
mento street. O'Connor has been fail-
Ing for some time, and nervous pros
tration set in a few days ago.
A New Art Gallery.
Visitors to our city and the public
generally are cordially Invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New col
lections of the very latest things in
pictures and frames. Sanborn, Vail &
Co, 741 Market st. .-.'. •
THROWS HIHSELF OS RAILS
IN FRONT OF STREETCARS
Henry H. Coobom Tries to Have
Goarj -Street Line End His
Existence.
Henry H. Coobom, while laboring
under a temporary aberration of mind
caused by an overindulgence in intoxi
cants, made several ineffectual at
tompta to take his life yesterday by
throwing himself under the Geary
sireet cars near Octavia street. In
each case he failed to accomplish his
purpose, as the gripmen saw him in
time and stopped the cars before any
damage was done. His modus oper
and! was to wait until a car was ap
proaching, when he would suddenly
hurl himself before it, flat on the
track. The alert gripmen stopped the
cars each time. Fatting in this, he
climbed upon a pile of mortar on the
street and tried to butt his brains out
apainst a brick wall. At this period In
the game Mounted Police Officer E. E.
Gable appeared upon the scene, and,
after a struggle, in which Gable got
a sprained ankle, Coobom was sub
dued and taken to the Emergency
Hospital. There Dr. Glover dressed, a
number of slight cuts and wounds that
the patient had suffered by his crazy
actions. It was • found . necessary to
put him in a straitjacket.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Stupefied by smoke and enveloped by
flames, George Holtz. a 17-year-old boy.
was burned to death In the fire that de
stroyed the mattress factory at 1121
Howard street yesterday.
Anna Jones, employed -on the second
floor of the building, barely escaped
alive. She fainted when the alarm
came, but was discovered and carried
from the place by Earl West. :--;-:
The fire was caused by sparks from
an electric motor, which ignited a pile
of inflammable shoddy. The flames
spread to the Colonial Packing Com
pany^ building, which was totally de
stroyed. '¦.
Young Holtz was working on the
fcurth floor with a boy named Walter
Mills. They wrre sorting shoddy. Sud
denly Mills shouted "Fire!" and ran to
ward a window. As he was opening it
flames darted up from the shoddy pile
and a volume of smoke filled the room.
Mills started to climb down a fire-es
cape. Looking bark he saw Holtz
standing bewildered. The flames be
came fiercer every instant, and Mills
hurried down the ladder. Holtz was
never seen alive after that moment.
Stumbling about in the choking smoke
he soon fell to the burning floor and
euccumbed.
Thomas Holtz, a younger brother of
the unfortunate boy. heard George's
shriek of terror and made a dash for
the stairs to go to George's aid, but was
driven T>ack by the flames. Broken
hearted. Thomas Holtz gave it up and
hurried to a place of safety.
There were in all seven people work
ing on the lower floor when the blaze
ptarted. Almost as soon as the alarm
was given tongues of flame shot down
from the floor above.
A general alarm was turned in, but it
was some time before the firemen had
the flames under control. Meanwhile
the spectators, who had heard that a
human being was imprisoned by the
flames, .were frenzied with horror. Des
perate efforts to reach the doomed boy
were made by the firemen, but the
shoddy and other inflammable material
made "too hot a fire. When the flames
were extinguished the charred body of
George Holtz was found near where he
had worked.
The California Club wants a.club
house. • Likewise it wants a • $25,000
clubhouse instead of a proposed $40,000
structure— for the club itself has so
declared— that is, the majority of- those
who didn't run away at roll call. And
there's a strong suspicion abroad, that
this time the club really knows what it
wants— and wants what it can get.'
And therein lies some good philosophy,
gleaned, it is true, from some hard
headed bank presidents, they who
would be called upon to advance the
necessary ducats on the club's Clay
street lot. But it's good philosophy,
none the less. '
i The meeting of yesterday was . pur
! posely called to- reconsider what was
i thought by many conservative mem
i bers to be. a rash proposition— that -of
committing the club to a $40,000 bor
row. And .there were many who- had
; haunting fears of "personal responsi
bility"—a bugbear of purely masculine
origin and wholly beyond the realm of,
possibilities. Ye gods! '." How women
scare at hobgoblins!
If the women who cast the die didn't
know what they were voting for — which
they frequently don't— 'twas not the
j fault of the newly Installed, president,
! Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton, who read to the
: club a most comprehensive and suc
! cinct statement of what the club^could
do in the way of fund raising and 'the
I expenditure of the sum to be ; raised.
i Every possible point was adequately
'covered, save the amount, to be raised,
J which, might be. any sum within $25,000
f— the club to decide the'amount.
! ' • ' BANKING PROBLEMS.
At the conclusion of Mrs. Cotton's
statement, Mrs. C. R. Johnson took the
floor and gave a clever disquisition on
banks, liabilities and other unfeminine
things and then the fun : was ; on.
Soon were Russell Sages, Disraelis
and Depews on the floor, each the cen
ter-of an admiring group • of . con
stituents.
In quick succession came discussions
by the following members — In the main
to the point, or to some point: " Mrs.
Sara E. Reamer. Mrs. Virginia Brad
ley, Mrs. S. L. Strickland, Mrs. M. C.
Sloss, Mrs. Hadwin Swain. Mrs. J. C.
Campbell. Mrs. Charles William Moores.
Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. Rosa Poult
ney, Mrs. A. M. Burns, Dr. Dorothea
Moore, Miss Mary Fajrbrother (who,
being the parliamentarian, kept fair
weather), Mrs. Wallace P. Angels. Mrs:
George H. Dyer, Mrs. Louis Hertz,
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall and quite a -few
others — all of which eloquence served
to elucidate the matter after theman
.ner of the octopus clearing the sea.
However, out of the' mystic depths
came the great question, embellished
with an amendment,' placing the. sum
to be raised and expended at $25,000.
MOVED FOR ROLL- CALL.
Remembering ; the votes taken .last
May, many of which were promptly re
pudiated under fire, Mrs. Arthur Corn
wall moved for a roll call, which was
carried. Now, would the printed. word
tell the tale, compelling all who, would
'"knock" to forever hold' their peace!
But alas! There was the open door.:':;
Just at fhis .Juncture someV of > the
members needed ozone— others ,. didn't
find the need £ of . it until the • secretary
got down close to their names— and
they, too, floated into the . air. • : When
the fatal spot . in the roll had passed
they had sufficiently recovered" to » float
back and to participate. in the rest of
the very interesting session. . " ;
- Just as the open 'door beckoned some
member suggested the closing, of < the
same, when Miss Falrbrother reminded,
the club that "There's no law In Amer
ica to force a manor woman to vote."
That settled it. .¦> But when : the count
was taken the score stood 63 for and 40
against— the ozone quest notwithstand
ing—and the' question' carried. '
. And thus' the California Club declares
it wants a $25,000 club house.*, For. that
amount some patient, cheerful, 'tele
pathic, sympathetic, omniscient archi
tect can r, build a', pretty : clubhouse.
Here's to. him! Recalling the' while
Pope's deduction, "Woman is at best a
contradiction still."
But suppose some of , the ', did
vote^ "yes— no," : still- therein -they
learned better. And 5 that was precisely
the way/ that \ men , learned >. the ¦: lesson
of life— Just by experience.;. And ; that's
the way that women will learn in, spite
of Shakespeare, who says, "A woman's
fitness comes by, fits." • . '
Th»* respective governing bodies of
the two leading political parties are
giving a vast deal of attention to the
subject of registration. For reasons
rot altogether obvious the registration
up to date is . below ' the standard.
Apathy- In this respect is not confined
to- either of the leading political or
ganizations, but exists in both parties.
The Republicans are making: a better
showing than the Democrats. Com
mittees of "the State League of Repub
lican Clubs have already secured the
enrollment of many Republicans of the
interior. Registration will not close
until September 28, and by that time
a complete enrollment may be accom
plished. ¦ -'.A " '
The convenience of precinct registra
tion will be offered to the voters of
San Francisco to-day and to-morrow.
Workingmen, merchants and. business
men generally should note the oppor
tunity of precinct registration and ad
vise their associates to register to-day.
It is presumed that the local governing
bodies and Assembly district clubs will
advise the unregistered of the danger
of further delay. After, the local con
ventions have nominated their respec
tive tickets popular interest in the
campaign will be lively, but it is noted
that the time for registration will have
expired when the conventions adjourn.
The Republican local convention, for
example, will not assemble until Sep
tember 25. In all probability the can
didates for the Legislature and tht
Superior Bench will be named on 1 Sep
tember 27. On September 28 registra
tion closes. To-day every registered
Republican voter should make a spe
cial effort to secure the enrollment of
unregistered citizens.
''.: -¦' SECOND DISTRICT.
Editors of Republican newspapers of
the Second Congressional District met
at Republican State headquarters,
Palace Hotel, yesterday and formed &
permanent organization to embrace all
the Republican journals of the district.
The object is to advocate and promote
the election of the " Presidential and
other candidates of the Republican
party, and devote special- attention to
the candidacy of Duncan E. McKinlay.
the Republican nominee for Congress
in this district. The editors elected the
following- olilcers: President; W. F.
Mixon of Woodland ; vice president.
F. B. Macklnder of St. Helena; secre
tary. J- -E. Olmstead of Petaluma; as
sistant secretary, F. P.. Brophy of San
Francisco; treasurer! J. L. Allison of
Colusa.
General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State Committee, will
return to San Francisco next Sunday.
He went to Chicago to confer with
party leaders. ¦ .*."$•« r •;*
M. F. Tarpey, the representative of
California on the Democratic National
Committee, was in the city yesterday.
COLORED VOTERS.
James Alexander, president of the
Afro-American Council, has issued the
following address relative • to the im
portance of registration:- .
To the Colored Voters of California: As
president of the- Afro-American Council, and
in the interest of all Afro- Americans, I address
you this letter- that -you may have before you
for consideration a very important duty — one
that jou ewe yourself, your country and your
Goa. " The suffrage you- now have, gi\-en un
der the providence of God, is sacred and should
be held as th* highest privilege of a free man
in a free ccvernment. . .
• We wish to remind you of, the importance
of registering before the 2Sth ' day of Septem
ber, as you cannot quality later than that
date for the coming election. ,. i
Tfyose of you who k*ep a close watch on
current topics : and events have, I am sur*.
noticed, with -not a little interest and pleasure,
how rapidly the negro vote ts . increaslns in
the North, and that he already holds the.bal
ance of power in many Northern States. Our
own State (California) in 1900 went Republican
by 1SC0 majority. At that time we had .1700
qualified electors. In 1902 the Republican Gov
ernor of. this State was elected by only 2800
votes. in majority, and at that time there were
4915 colored electors. Incomplete statistics of
lf»04 Ehow about 9000 males of the race in this
State, -who will -be a power for good .govern
ment-snd fair play, if they will but profit by
the opportunity that we have in this State.
We especially appeal to the preachers and
leaders to use -their best efforts in 'teaching
the indifferent ones among us the Importance
of the ballot and the safeguard that it throws
around a people who handle it honestly and
wlrely.
Our people have come to California during
this year from all over the South, and not a
few Jrom what . we call the Eastern States.
We mlsht be safe In saying that fully 11,00))
nfgro voters are now in California; hence the
necessity of having them ' encouraged and
properly Instructed by our preachers and lead
ers.
It would be out of order for me to address
you at this time and fall to mention the name
of oat President, Theodore Roosevelt, who
stands for fair play, equal opportunities to all
men -and the perpetuity of a government . f or
and by • the whole people. Every negro who
votes should vote for him.
- Let me arain insist that the • preachers . and
leaders bring this matter before their congre
gations,. lodges, societies of every nature, busi
ness-organizations, clubs, etc. I am yours. for
the race and our common country,
JAMES ALEXANDER.
'}. ¦ President of • Afro- American < Council. :
Brave Youth Tries to. Save
Unfortunate Lad, but Is
, Driven Back by the Heat
Republican Editors Second
Congressional District in
Organization for Action
BKOTHER HEAKS C1UES
NO TIME TO BE LOST
Cut Off by Flames, George
Holtz Loses His Life in
Fire in Mattress Factory
Party Leaders Are Advising
the Unregistered to Enroll
Without Further Delay
BOY PERISHES
AT HIS POST
REGISTRATION
IN PRECINCTS
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL', AVEDNESDAY, -SEPTEMBER- 14- 1904.
..COLONEL; FRENCH RETURNS. — Colonel
George "French. . the ' provincial : of ttccp ' of " the
Salvation Army on this , coast, haa . returned
from the , army's great international congress
In' London. While there he. secured a (treat
many . lantern . slides and movins pictures of
the . featherings and delegates. ~ including the
grand march - past ; th» - reviewing stand at
Crystal Palace, where over, 70.000 ¦alvatlonlsta
'. Ilnrnett'n Kxtrnet of Vanilla has
taken gold medals against all other brands.: *
Calif ornians in New York.
;• NEW YORK. . Sept.. 13.— -The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in New York:
* From' San Francisco— -W. ' de Boer,
at the Broadway Central; D.'B. Hodg
son.'at the , Victoria; • Mrs. A. . Holland,'
at''the Albemarle;'-Mlss Jocelyn arid
Mrs. S. P. ; Jocelyn, at the Grand ; . Mias
j; E." Roach and ] HI ; P.' Roach, at the
Victoria;. W. J. Webster, at the Al
berharle;'. C. T - S. .Bosworth,. at. the. Na
varre;'"G. F. Drake^ and H. J. Fried
lander, at the Herald Square;, Al R.
Harris. and' wife, at the *Victbria; Hi
A. : «Roesler and . wife, at the Albert;
T. H. .- Starr, at the Navarre; .. B.
Thomson,-at the -Hoffman, and- H. C.
Vandelburg, at the Navarre. '" :
. '/From. San. Jose — E.- McLaughlin, at
the Holland.
. From Los Angeles— -W. G. Emerson,
A.;II. Heber and Mrs. L. C. Scheller.
at ; the Holland;. Misses Humphrey, at
the- Imperial; C. E.', Off and wife, at
the Normaridie. and E. A. Pardee;- at
the Murray Hill.
Several hundred of San Francisco's
• representative men and . women at
tended the first afternoon and even
ing of the big benefit of the California
Children's Hospital, which Began yes
terday *ln Mechanics* Pavilion- '
The decorations which were a fea
ture during the memorable Templar
conclave still adorn the great building
and the Illuminations which showered
upon the' generous assemblage last
'. night' were also the same that added
to the brilliancy of the Knights Tem
plar gatherings.
i The board of lady, managers of the
hospital planned a remarkably enjoy
'able programme for ¦ their first day's
'entertainment, which consisted not
only of a gallant arid noteworthy ex-
Ihibltion' drill by Golden Gate Com
mandery under the direction of Colonel
i William Edwards, but a > concert in
t which the splendid band of the Thir
teenth Infantry and Dr. H. J. Stewart,
Mrs. B. Apple, Mme. Elsa von Grofe.
iMrs. L.- Snider- Johnson and Miss Ella
¦ V. McClosky took part. ' The concert
• was under the' direction of Dr. Stewart.
In the afternoon fourteen little Chi
,nese maidens came from Presbyterian
House (The Woman's Occidental
Board) and delighted the patrons with
songs while tea was served at dainty
> tables.' All the members of the board
.received and made everybody at home
and happy.y
. For this afternoon the Indefatigable
Jadies of the board have planned a spe
! cial programme for children, and It is
particularly recuested that every chile
attend ' the , benefit with its best doll;
when there will be. a. chance, to com
pete for three valuable- prizes, the pre"t-
Uiest doll, of course, winning , the first
;; prize. There are. to be no end of grab
[bags, and fish ponds. There will be
songs and dances by children under
the direction of Miss Leta Saundjsrs/
The evening programme will afford
any amount of entertainment.. Besides
the : military drill by the Columbia
Park Boys"Club and a. concert' by the
club band and drum and bugle corp?.
John A. Hammersmith , will :; direct
members , of -the Olympic Club in a
tournament of sparring,"' wrestling,
club swinging and- acrobatics. Mem
bers; of the San Francisco Turn .Verein
have . consented to display their" ability
as - gymnasts. .
.; Another varied , programme .will, be
presented ' to-morrow ; afternoon , ana
evenlng-under the direction of the fol
lowing members, of the board of man
agers of ' the : Children's^HospItal :
' Mrs.' W. B. Harrington. ; president; Mrs. Wil
liam Hardy... first -vice president; Mrs.- John
F. Merrill,- second vie* president:- Mrs. IX. 1*.
Dunbar.'. treasurer; "Mrs. C'E." Holmes, rfecre-
Ury;f Mrs-'T.-U- Miller. Mrs. N.' I>. Rldeout.
Mivs Mary Kohl. Mrs. Henry Payot. Mrs. H.E.
Bothin. Mrs .Wendell • Easton, Mrs. Henry
Flsk«\ Mrs. Robert Osnard. Mrs. I. N. Wal
ter, 1 Mrs.- Rolla V. Watt. Mrs. Johrf Dickinson,
Mrs. Heltn HechV Mrst Oeorse E. Grant. Mrs
Bertha LMenthal. Mrs.- WilhamT:. Fonda. Mrs'
Walter Cope. :Mrs. ;M. -F. 1 McGurn. Mrs. Ed
ward '. Carlson,'. Mrs. James Kerr and Miss Fan
nit' Doyle. * wi£9HBBIWlMBB
First Day of. Children's
'. Hospital Benefit Eeceives
Enthusiastic Patronage
MANY GENEROUS
FOLK RESPOND
The charity of . some people Is con
fined to heartfelt sympathy.
cass«d before th«lr leader. H» will _tv» a
series of Illustrated lectures to the various
corj-s of the city, the first to be held at the
army's headquarters, 1271 Mission street, to
morrow night. '
PERSONAL.
Dr. D. B. Fields of Weaverville is at
the. Grand.
Rev. G. G. Frund of Fresno is at
the Grand.
R.' W.- Bull, a business man of Ar
cata» is at the. Lick.
John Pbulson, d capitalist of Port
land, is at the Palace.
Dr. O. W. F. Snyder and family, of
Chicago, are at the Palace. i
N. R. Nelson, a lumberman of La
Crosse, Wis., is at the Palace. • . X
J. K. Law, -an attorney of Merced,
and wife, are staying at -the Lick.
S. D. Nicholson, a prominent resident
of Pittsburg, is at the St. Francis.
A. W. R. Berr, v superintendent of
the- Eureka Woolen Mills, is in this
city. .
Henry ." Weinstock, one of Sacra
mento's leading merchants, it at the
Palace. . • . . ¦' .
A. F. Luenlng,- representing a large
brewing firm of Milwaukee, and wife,
are at the St. Francis.
A. Clifton Kelway, a newspaper cor
respondent of London, returned yester
day from the- Orient and is registered
at the St. Francis.". _„.
Dr. O. B. Somers and wife of
Omaha, who.; have been visiting
Southern California, arrived at the
Occidental yesterdays. •
T. McCants Stewart of Honolulu is
due here on the' next steamer from
the islands. ; He is going to stump the
States in the interest of the Repub
lican party. ",'¦
An order was issued from General
Manager . Sch werin's office yesterday
announcing the • appointment of Lo
cal Passenger Agent Bert Kerrall to
the - position _. of general passenger
agent. .
, I. W. Stebbins of Rochester, past
grand sire of the Independent Order of
Odd ~ Fellows, who is -the.- first promi
nent official of that organization to ar
rive here for the coming' encampment,
registered 1 at. the Palace yesterday.
' .'Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick, man
ager of the Sharon Estate Company,
leaves to-day on • a 'visit to the large
Eastern cities, which will include
Lexington, Ky., where he will . wit
ness the big annual trotting events.
Last night Kate Brennan made a
wanton attempt to wreck the altar of
the Blessed Virgin in. St. Brigid's
Church. That she did not succeed 1 was
due- to the vigilance of Charles San
born, the sexton.' Startled .b"y the ap
proach of the sexton the woman desist
ed after breaking a lamp on the altar,
then" fled through a side door. Finding
no other, avenue of escape she jumped
from a porch to the pavement, a dis
tance of fifteen feet, suffering a frac
ture of both^bones of. the right leg be
low the knee. .
She 'was removed to th,e Central
Emergency Hospital. A, charge, of ma
licious mischief was . entered against
her name on the prison .register, but it
is . understood that she-will not be
prosecuted. '
According to Sexton Sanborn Miss
Brennan made a similar attempt a
week ago Sunday night. ¦ At that time
she broke the lamp %nd threw oil over
the statue of the Blessed Virgin. She
has committed previous offenses of the
same character.
Sexton Sanborn had just completed
sounding the . angelus last evening
when he noticed the woman enter the
church. . He softly entered the edifice
after her and concealed himself in the
confessional. Stealthily' she approached
to begin her work of destruction.. Sud
denly her hand went up into the air
and descended with great force upon
the lamp on the altar. There was a
crash of glass and the oil bespattered
the sacred image. Sanborn rushed
from his hiding place and "criea out to
the woman to stay her hand. . - .
Miss Brennan "does not 'seem to re
alize the enormity • of her offense
against the church /.of she is a
member. Father- John E.Cottle noti
fied the police at the North End station
that he believed she had been suffi
ciently punished and he would not
prosecute the charge against her. From
her actions it is believed that dementia
is responsible for the woman's actions!.
She emphatically denies the allegations
made against her. Her residence is at
1340 Polk street.
DISCOVERED BY SEXTON
»
Woman Sustains a Double
Fracture of Leg as She
Flees to /Avoid Capture
Kate Brennan Violently Des
ecrates Holy Shrine in
the Qhurch of St. Brigift
BREAKS LAMP
ON THE ALTAR
FORMER PLANS DO NOT
SUIT CALIFORNIA CLUB
Mrs. AylettR. Cotton, the Newly Elected
President, Presents Matter Before the
Body in a Clear and Concise Manner
NEWLT INSTALLED PRESIDENT
OF THE CALIFORNIA CLUB. WHO
' OCCUPIED- CHAIR ' YESTERDAY.
14
APVEltTISEaiEXTS.
~: S^ ; :; ; u- ""
Astrakhan Jackets
$35 to $125
Very Strong Values ;
> CLOTH JACKETS
For Women,, Misses and Children
$2.50
On Sale in Our Basement Salesroom
These jackets are all rood looking
and serviceable and were orltfaallT
priced up to 318.00 each.
Zx you are looting tor an extraordi-
nary bararala com* and see them.
Don't Porjret Our number. "-
Fresh
¦
Water
Pearls
On exhibition for a few
iy .days only— a^ notable col-
. • lection of these "attrac-
tive, many colored gems.
Bohm Bristol Co v
Jewelers and Silversmiths,
104-110 Geary Street
San Francisco. \_
Vou lAmiN-r omsh
FOR YOUR STOCKS
.InduMrl.il. oil or mtntng. I can get th«
coir*. for >-ou./W'rlt» m». GOLDF1KLDS 1 TON"-
PAH-.ANDFOX RIVER ALASKA. I b«vl
seme winners In these (ortune-malins dl»-
tricta. one o{_ which pays S3 p«r cent yearly
CaJAKANTRED «r your money back. A
limited block only to each person: $10O can
main S1GOO. Ask me about them. A. K.
HARAS7.THY, tulte 522. Crossley bulldlns:
phono Grant b3.
FREE ¦—— ITEIEE FREE
STERILIZED SAIflV /
Two' 'Packages, of
LESLIE ¦ STERILIZED " SALT,
- M ade in California 1 and ; subject- •
ed to the most : searching . meth-)
ods;;.of scientific: 'manufacture
before being placed oh the mar-
:Uet.;;v ..-¦ -.. : :¦ :&'¦'.
A two-pound package for the:
table. . :.-;; •..,.;.' .,•. ¦¦; ¦ s-'..
A . two-poiind ; package* for ' the '
bath. . ; ";..- ;•.•;; .- ¦ ¦ , ¦ - '¦ ';. :.-'/;
¦ Chemically ¦ pure and every,
package sterilized.
FREE TO WANT. AD. '
PATRONS OF NEXT *
¦r.ii SUNDAYS iCALL. :
.:¦ See ' announcement • on - Classified
vPa^e.-"
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,. -
B»ttMMfliniW'M5l»1HK^B»'H»M^Ms»^^»^*^B""™»giiiTTr — HBMBK- fcfl^
SPECIAL SALE—
Black Petticoats
We have jvst received, and will place on sale to-
day, a large shipment of BLACK SILK, ALPACA and
SATEEN PETTICOATS. These arc, a special purchase
and will be offered at very low prices.
$/l 50 1 BIack Sak Taffeta Petticoats
J Made with accordeon pleatel Hounce.
Black Silk Taffeta Petticoats
CC OH ) Extra- neaYB uuailtuj made with accordeon
P leate(i flounce and two rows of puchlno;.
Black Silk Taffeta Petticoats
_ m two stoles, -one with accordeon . pleated
$ A.00 \ flounce and one row of niching; tb.2 other
w Each J . w 'itn nare flounce and 3 strappad ruffles.
Black Sflk Taffeta Petticoats
e<y C(* i Made with accordeon pleated flounce and
* Each I trimmed with two rows of ruchlng. , •
Black Silk Taffeta Petticoats
Co 5Q1 Male with accordeon pleated flounce^and
J : three strapped ruffles.
.'[':. Black Mercerized Sateen Petticoats
c 1 An extra heavo aualltu anl lustrous hlacfc j
$1.50 \ made with accordeon pleated flounce and
Each three small ruffles..
, • -¦.¦¦*/='¦ *
Black Mercerized Sateen Petticoats
tO QO1 With deep accordeon pleated flounce and
J ruffles trlmmsd with sateen hands.
Black Alpaca Skirts
C^ Jf«J V Made with Spanish flounce - and accordeon
•^4 # E-ch r Pleated ruffle.
In the lot we have also extra sizes
in BLACK SILK PETTICOATS;.;.
NOTE— Mail orders promptly filled. WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
I adip*WaUfc ' skirts.
We have .^^^Z. ±^*slJ* I Petticoats of
££ v s?o<* o a r i^tvri/yiinj^ *„ L\v y e VuL a
n*w Waists m /* Jl if fs/7 tff W XX V- lustrous
foffall.com- 'J/J&*TAr\ Black Sateen
prising Flan- \***ar I llZJrT&'l't'^Jr j^% made with
lies, llohalrs "4 J * /^t^#Z H o u n c e
ajid Nuns - »iC0 WHV3 'W> A m>y gSr^/i -, t r I m m ed
V<?i!ins 1 n >T^ ,09; "^ M riii| , t^ "1 with thr **
plain color?. ° J he mstltch^d
stripes and „ -^ ruffles. Price,
plaids. Prlcea + ¦» + * * "% t r\ *. C u.' "a. fl.OO each.
11.75 to 111 fn |71 Pncf StrPPT Re*nlar
fS.5O each. Ill Itl 1X1 rUM t^irCCl value. $1.50.
The workmen are progress-^^^^* . . f^
ing rapidly on- our new show Nir .
rooms, and while they work (^L.
-: is your chance to get . • ' EttJ^ -^^
A Good Piano for $40
We are compelled to dispose of all pianos taken
in exchange: Every piano is in good condition ' and
serviceable. This list includes many of the finest
„. standard makes. Here are a few of them: .
-CHICKERING VOSE
STEINWAY - STERLING
WEBER '¦
MASON (Si HAMLIN
In this Enlargement. Sale are included also an ele-
gant line of Organs, Piano Players and small musi-
cal instruments. . v
Square Pianos given away absolutely free.
Sheet music at popular prices. - Open Evenings
*s9 XH* TWT T fif C 9 9 la rvi. tSr C ¦ Gl/^ttkT
' • SIARKS ; BROS. \
r WE WANT YOU TO KEEP ON T
TALKING ABOUT US. ....
0 . / O
Double Value Bargains
• Will crowd our »tore with urgent buyers
from opening until closing time.
Some of the following . "DOUBLE
VALUE SAVERS"' ARE MARKED to sell
HALF PRICE.
Good-Bye Sale
S ...OF. ..
| Lawn Kimonas
\ . • •. - ¦ - ¦;:,. :
5°* liil
KIMQNA j^i.
We want these LAWN ' KIMONAS like
cut to so out with a RUSH. THE PRICE
will do THE WORK. We ' want the
.ROOM, for our coming WINTER STOCK.
and MUST HAVE IT! '.
¦ These KIMONAS come. In all colors and
Mzes, in floral, figured and striped designs.
PETTJCO/CT
: This MUSLIN PETTICOAT, like cut. Is
a beauty. -'Made with deep Lawn Flounce;
trimmed .with; two rows of. Torchon Lace
> and .Clustered .Tucks: finished with ruffle
¦of Torchon .Lace; an extra deep dust ruffle.
• T. Here's a splendid * RUN i ABOUT SKIRT
¦'. you .". can { use." ¦ It'sVa 'Skirt. '.that look*
• right, and. one that will .wear, right.- And-
1 in the .nearly. 100 of them you can' hardly.'
• fall. to '.find just -what you- want.: 'If you'll
take . our. advice, ? you'll 'buy ; one of * these •
*, Fall Skirts '.': •:. ¦•>"'. • '!:.-• ' *:'.-•
MmmBRos.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-122tiMARKEK$fREEn