TBS TKSATSS8.
Alcazar — "Monbar*."
¦ **?»^<*frrTi1a M^«^ "
Central — "PaUsn by tha Way
mULa."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Wizard of Oz."
Fischer's — "Mlta Mazuma."
Grand— "Princess 7an Tan.**
Majestic— "The Altar of friend
ship."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matiaea
To-Day.
Tivcli — "The Serenade."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 113.
Continued on Page S- Column 3.
Continued on Pa sc 3, Column 4.
Weather "Sharps" l in : Convention.
PEORIA.' 111.. Sept. 20.— The first
day's session-" of -the- convention "of
United- States weather observers'open
ed, in Bradle" Institute this morning,
with Professor Willis L. Moore." chief
of the United States -.weather' bureau,
in -the chair. ¦•¦ Papers were read ; on
laboratory ¦work "by Professor ?A- ? G.'
McAdie of San Francisco andProfes
sor.'H. S. BIgelow of -Washington, D. C
BOSTON, Sept. 20. — Masons from
all of the Northern States who have
attained the highest rank, the thirty
third.'degree, gathered at Masonic
Temple to-day for the ninety-second
annual meeting of the Supreme Coun
cil, Ancient Accepted^ Scottish Rite;
for the Northern Masonic jurisdiction
of the United States of America.
Henry L. -Palmer of Milwaukee, the
sovereign .grand commander, presided.
The visitors included Right Hon.
the Earl of Euston, Sir Fitzgerald Ma
tier. Sir Abraham /WOodiwins. ¦ Sir
Thomas P. Sipps Dorman, .Rev. -Sir
Charles E. L. Wright, Sir Thomas
Freaser 'and "Sir Alfred- James
Thomas, all prominent in British Ma
sonry. •.*-._ _' -
.MASONS OF THIRTY-THIRD.
DEGREE GATHER IX BOSTON
tion were in order Representative' Tan
tis of Illinois sprang to his feet and in
a short, incisive speech nominated E. S.
Conway of Chicago. 111. Hardly had
the applause subsided when Repre
sentative Case of Tennessee placed
in nomination J. ¦ L. Nolan of Ten
nessee. During the applause sev
eral representatives sprang to their
feet to second the nominations and
name other candidates. Rapidly follow
ing each other in short seconding
speeches came Representatives- Brown
of Kansas and Leuders of Washington
on behalf of Conway, while Repre
sentatives Davis of Connecticut, Vin
cent of West Virginia and Page of New
Hampshire seconded the nomination of
Nolan. Following this came the nom
ination cf W. L. Kuykendall of Wyo
ming by Representative Hughes of,
Ohio. Scarcely had the applause died
away when Representative Randall of
Nebraska nominated G. S. Hoagland of
Nebraska. Following these nomina
tions came seconding speeches from
representatives of Arizona, Georgia, In
dian Territory, South Carolina, Mis
souri. New Mexico, Wisconsin, Texas
and Oklahoma. J
FIRST BALLOT.
After the four nominations had been
made the small slips of paper that were
to decide the election of the deputy
were distributed. The result of the vot
ing gave Conway SS votes, Nolan 59.
Kuykendall 3S and Hoagland 6.
This result necessitated the taking of
a second ballot, as the number neces
sary to elect an officer is set bv the
constitution at ninety-six votes. Upon
the announcement of the result of the
flrst ballot Kuykendall of Wyoming
withdrew from the race, followed by
Hoagland of Nebraska. This threw
forty : four votes upon the other two
candidates, and the balloting began.
After a few minutes of silence It was
announced that E. S. Conway of Illi
nois had received 102 votes, while his
opponent. J. L.. .Nolan, received 89.
Conway was declared elected deputy
grand sire amid rounds of applause.
OTHER OFFICERS ELECTED.
Xext came the election of the grand
secretary, and Representative Gaunt of
Kentucky nominated J. Frank Grant,
the present grand secretary. One ballot
was taken and he was re-elected, this
being the fourth time he has been se
lected for the office." Representative
Thomas of .Utah placed the present
grand treasurer, M. R. Muckle. for re
election to the post of grand treasurer.
On the first, ballot he was re-elected,
this being the fifth time he has served
the order, in that capacity.
On Saturday will take place the in-
stallation of the newly elected officers
with the exception of Grand Sire-elect
Robert E. TV'right, and then will come
the filling of the appointive offices.
These are assistant grand secretary,
grand j chaplain, grand marshal, grand
guardian and grand messenger.
. By this time 2 o'clock had arrived
and the representatives . were fatigued
with the excitement and suspense. After
appointing that thev selection of the
next meeting place of the session shall
be decided to-day, the session ad
journed until 9 o'clock this morning.
¦ The rood work - done by former grand pa
triarchs, the enthuslam that has .prevailed
through the Jurisdiction f or- the last few
years, and the coming session of the Sover
eign'Grand Lodge in our midst, have resulted
in my being able to present to you the greatest
gains - In our history.' The Increase for the
year 1903 has been equaled but twice, namely
In 1S72 and ' 1876. and the numerical strength
of the Patriarchs to-day is double -the record
of these ' years, and * this is not all. for I am
Informed by the" grand ' scribe ' that the In
crease for the first fix months of 1904 will b«
almost as much as the splendid pain for 1903.
I*anr«ure-tbat this will be gratifying to you;
it Is -to j me and I am , very , grateful for the
' -To the extent of my. ability and opportunity
I have labored for the -best, interests of the
order and while circumstances have .prevented
me* from doing all that I had hoped, yet I do
feel that the labors performed and . the visits
made have (been for good and the benefit 'of the
order.' * \ ' ¦¦> . •' -* " -
s Wherever we have met the Patriarchs. | in
their halls.- at their business, or on- the street,
true ', patriarchal welcome has been extended,
the . memory . of which wuT : be cherished . for
iif«...- :;., •¦••¦-:• - -¦ ¦-¦ ':•¦. -¦ , ;
••¦a5 Frank, district- deputy, grand -patriarch
of District No. S7, having resigned.^ai my ra-
- In his report the grand patriarch
says:
A BANNER YEAR.
•¦•The f r fiftieth annual session, of the
Grand' ..Encampment of the Odd Fel-'
lows of California convened in " Odd.
Fellows'- - Hall yesterday morning.
Grand Patriarch W. H. Woodbridge^
presided at session, and Grand
Scribe H. Barnes occupied
the secretary's desk. 'The chief busi
ness of the morning was the reading
of reports of grand officers, the selec
tion' of-; a place of meeting : for next
year and* the conferring of the -grand
encampment . degree upon 102 candi
dates. This and the reading of the
reports evoked much enthusiasm from
the assembled delegates.
. By a unanimous vote San Diego was
chosen "as the next meeting-place.
¦At the afternoon sessions officers
were nominated for the ensuing year.
The .'only contest is for the office of,
grand junior warden. Grand Patriarch
Woodbridge will be elected grand
representative for a period of two
years; Stanley A. Smith of Downie
ville will succeed him as grand' pa
triarch; George Jesson of Watson
ville will succeed Smith as grand high
priest; C. H. Burden, of Sonora will
be the next grand senior warden; Wil
liam H. Barnes will retain the office of
grand secretary, and C. E. Benedict
that of grand treasurer. The grand
trustees will be F. A. Week. E. Flan
ders and M. P. Forbes. The candidates
for grand junior warden are H. W.
Osthoff of San Francisco. H. F. G.
Wulff of Sacramento, Fred E. Pierce
of Los Angeles. Captain Chappell of
Vallejo. F. E. Colley of San Jose and
y. L. Turoin of San Francisco.
The report of Grand Scribe William
H. Barnes shows some interesting fig
ures. The year 1903 was prosperous,
but the twelve months ending June 30.
1904. break the record. The grand
scribe says:
The golden Jubilee anniversary of th* Grand
Encampment of California is held under most
auspicious surroundings and circumstances:
1901 Is a re4 letter year on th* Pacific Coast
for fraternity for many reasons, and espe
cially is It a marked event for American
Odd Fellowship from the fact that the
Sovereign Grand Lodge is in session In this
city at this time .and that the membership
of the Golden State have the pleasure of meet
ing and greeting the veterans and eminent men
from all parts of the national jurisdiction —
those who have devoted their lives, talsnts
acd energies to the onward progress of the
mightiest fraternity the world has ever
known— the Independent OrCer of Odd Fellows
And while they come to this - land of the
Pacific, we of "this Grand ' Encampment, for
ourselves and our subordinate bodies', not only
welcome them, but we present the banner
year of Increase and show a loyal
and patriotic hc5t of those -who dwell in tents
and extend hospitality to the stranger.
The patriarchal branch " of the order Is be
coming known in California. Our sessions at
different .' points in the Jurisdiction and the
events that -have 'been made attractive at those
sessions have resulted in applications for mexn
bershfp and rood work.
- -The public installations,' tue* seml-publlc and
public gatherings in the name of the patriar
chal branch, have been *of immense oeneflt.
and having personally had the pleasure of be
inc present at -a -number of these, notably at
¦ Alaroeda. , Newman. Sacramento, San Jose.
Placerville. Orovllle. Los Angeles, Long Beach
GROWTH OF ORDER.
The report also includes a list of
visitations made by the grand pa
triarch, and brief messages from the
district deputies, all of which are
very encouraging-. The work of the
district deputies is praised, the grand
patriarch saying that he feels the or
der owes them a debt of gratitude, as
good deputies result in good districts.
Those who accept the position and do
but little for the order are few and
far between.
E. G. Eh<>re. district deputy rrand patri
arch of District No. 45, resigned. O. G. Pen
nell cf No. 7S. Fresno, was tendered and ac
cepted th« office.
• John Woe*?ner. district deputy grand pa
triarch of District No. 43. resigned. Vlciniiu
UDc<ison of So. fc. - Downievllie. was appointed
I to fill -the vacancy.
. George ,W. Halstead". district deputy grand
patriarch of ' District ¦ Js*o. '3S. resigned. That
ever willing worker. James Leonard, accepted
the dntte* or the-ofSce and as usual has ful
filled them.
- ' S. P. Grant, district deputy prand pa
triarch or District No. I. resigned. C. L.
Z*i*ler of San Francisco, the former efficient
deputy, was appointed and kindly accepted
the same. . • .
qufst that faithful vet-ran. Mos»» Stlnch
fleld of Collece City, accepted the position and
has satisfactorily discharged its duties and
has at the present time a new encampment
almost ready fcr Institution at Williams.
9 a., m.— Steamer excursion
on the San Francisco Bay.
rive at starting point at 4
p. * m.
• 10 a. m.— SIrtlnjr of Sover
eign Grand Lod^e * In Native
Sons' Hall".
2 P:*|ni.- — Competitive drills
by Cantons* of "Patriarchs* Mill-*
tant« Mechanics' Pavilion. - -
7:30 p. in.— Dress* -parade.
Patriarchs; Militant, Mechan
ics' Pnvlllon.
8 p. m. — Decoration of Chiv
alry, Mechanics' Pavilion.
9 p. m. — Concert. Mechanics*
Pavilion. ' «¦ *
To-Day's Program me
California Encampment Nominates
Chiefs for Ensuing Year.
Race for Second Place on Ticket
Awakens Intense Interest.
t-ticr.a! provision requiring that the
grand sire be installed by the electing
body during the encampment at
which the election is made.
Th» Grand Lodge, however, adopted
a special enabling clause permitting
the installation of the newly elected
prar.d sire at his home. The action
cf the grand body is approved by all
Odd Fellows, for the fullest eonfi-
Aeaoe is reposed in Mr. Wright by the
order and he has its warmest sympa
thy in the aff.iction which prevented
bit attendance at the encampment.
COVWAY WINS FIGHT.
Th«> f.ght that was waged for the
offic of deputy grand sire, which was
vacated by Mr. Wright, resulted in a
victory for E. S. Conway of Illinois.
J<".hn J- Nolan of Tennessee. W. L-
Kuykendall of Wyoming and G. S.
Hoagland of Nebraska, his most for
midable opponents, made hard fights
-i»i th* tAjcp. but Kuykendali--an4-
Huapland finally admitted defeat and
withdrew. Conway was elected on the
record ballot.
J. Frank Grant was re-elected
prand secretary and M. Richards
Muckle was re-elected grand treas
urer. This completed the list of elec
tive officers, though several appointive
offices must be filled. It was an
nounced that this will be done next
Saturday.
The Grand Encampment of Califor
nia also held an important meeting
yesterday. Nominations for officers
for the coming term were made by th«
encampment. The encampment will
hold another ineeting to-morrow at
Odd FeJlows* Ha!l and the names *•¦?
lert^d yesterday will be balloted upon.
Whil* the Odd Fellows were busy
with th^rir a flairs of business yesterday
the Rebekahs were enjoying them
selves at Mechanics' Pavilion. A mu-
Fical programme was rendered in the
annex, and in the main hall a prom
enade concert was held. Both affairs
proved most attractive and were well
patronized. Last night the Rebekahs
g-ave a concert and exhibition drill at
Mechanics' Pavilion. It was largely at
tended and proved a most enjoyable
event.
RECEPTION AT PALACE.
A reception tendered Past Grand Sire
Goodwin and Mrs. Goodwin in the
Marble and Maj-le rooms of the Palace
Hotel laet evening was a striking af
fair. Patriarchs Militant in full dress,
•with their wives and daughters, and
Odd Fellows in evening dress crowded
the handsome suite to pay their re
epecis to the man that has just relin
quished the leadership of the order.
Other distinguished Odd Fellows were
guests at the function, which was the
most formal affair given since the
opening of the encampment."
To-day will be jriven over to business,
pleasure and display. An excursion
around the bar on the steamer Berke
ley promises to draw a large number
of pleasure seekers, though the cvn
petitlve drills at Mechanics' Pavilion
and the conferring: of the decoration
of chivalry will be the most largely at
tended features.
Great throngs of strangers are gath
ering in the city to witness the
parade Friday morning. Market street
was crowded yesterday afternoon and
evening by visitors that have come to
enjoy the remaining days of the en
campment. Appreciation of the wel
come extended them is everywhere ex
pressed.
PRESS ASSOCIATION" >fEETS.
Editors of Odd Fellow Journals Hold
Annual Session at Native Sons'
Hall.
WhJle the Odd Fellows are holding
forth at Native Sons' Hall on Mason
street the members of the Interna
tional Press Association of the Odd
Fellows are in convention to nominate
and «lect their officers for the next
year. The first meeting of the asso
ciation was held last night, when
many members met at the hall to
transact the business of the organiza
tion.
President C. H. Lyman of Columbus
Ohio, occupied the chair during last
right's session. The other ofllcers
present were Vice President A. B
Parker of Watertown. X. Y.. and Sec
retary J- W. White of Jacksonville I
Fla. Mr. White is also treasurer of '
the organization.
. The association, which numbers
over sixty editors of Odd Fellow
Journals throughout the country, holds
annual meetings at the places where
the sessions of the Sovereign Grand
Lodpe are held.
The business transacted last night
was routine and consisted of hearing
the minutes of last rear's meeting at
Baltimore and answering communica
tions. The place of next year's meet
ing has not yet been designated bj*
the Sovereign Grand Lodge. The of
ficers will be elected at later meetings
this week. •
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning the
second day's session was called to or
der with all the representatives in their
places. The first business of the meet
ing was the hearing of the reports
from the jurisdiction?. This was done
by calling the roll of the States and
the Provinces of Canada. As each
name was called the representatives
made his report to the session. Al
though this took some time, nothing of
especial interest was developed in the
hearings.
As the end of the list of jurisdictions
approached, excitement began to per
vade the ha!l. The long awaited time
for the election of the presiding ofn
cers of the order for the next two
years was approaching. Very soon
after each jurisdiction had made its re
port the representatives would gather
In Fmall groups and discuss, the
chances -of their particular candidate.
At a few minutes past 10 the last of the
jurisdictions was reported on, and the
business of electing the high officers
was reached.
The name of the candidate to suc
ceed Grand Sire John B. Goodwin
prominently before the session during
its» sojourn in this city has been that
of Deputy Grand Sire Robert E.
Wright of Allentov.n, Pa. There was
practically no opponent with him in
the race for the leadership. The ques
tion of his succession to the post of
grand sire hinged on the validity of
electing an officer who was not present
at the session.
ELECTION BEGINS.
After much debate on the question
it was decided to proceed with the
election in the regular form, as if the
officer were present, and upon the flrst
ballot Robert E. Wright was elected
grand sire of the organization. The
ceremony of installation must be per
formed within the week of the session
by order of the constitution, therefore
the session sent a telegram to Past
Grand Sire T. C. Campbell of. London.
Ontario, telling him to proceed to Al
lentown and install the newly elected
grand sire. Until this Is done .Grand
Sire John B.- Goodwin will remain* at
the head of the organization and, will
direct the session throughout the week.
The election , of Grand Sire-elect
Robert E. Wright is unique, as it is
the first time In the history of the
organization that the 'office has, been
filled during the absence of the candi
date.
The excitement over the election of
the leader was merely a preliminary
warming up compared with- the fight
for the office of deputy/grand sire. Im
mediately after the rap of the gavel an
nouncing that' motions for the nomina-
SCENE AT RECEPTION -AND ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN -LAST EVENING AT?MECHANICS' PAVILION BYiREBEKAH LODGES, TILE AUXILIARY .OP ODD FELLOWS.
Mrs. Caroline A- Hoxett of Gilroy
read an original poem dedicated to the
Rebekahs. and in the meanwhile the
officers of the day were busy preparing
the guests for the surprise of the even
ing—the- drill of the San Francisco
Drill Corps, consisting of twenty-five
uniformed ladies. The officers of the
day were Mrs. Flora Bergman. Mrs.
Mary E. Donoho. Mrs. E. M. Cyrus and
Mrs. Bessie D. Moore.
Captain Allie Parker certainly had
reason to be proud of her trim looking
squad of cadets. The corps entered
upon the main floor in column of three,
and after passing once around the
building formed company front at the
grand stand, where they executed the
manual of arms, or swords, for the edi
fication and amusement of Past Grand
Sire Goodwin and his attendants. The
ladies of the corps were dressed In
short blue dresses trimmed with white
braid. Their cadet caps were of white
and their high-top shoes were laced
with white laces. The effect was very
P Everf movement was executed with
precision, and the breaking of the com
pany from column of threes into col
umn of sixes and back again to column
of threes was particularly well done.
"Right by files" and "by the right and
left flank" into company front brought
forth great applause, but the prettiest
movements were those of the fancy
drill, when the corps showed what it
could do in forming crosses, wheeling
about their right guide and executing
reversing circles.
The drill corps held the attention of
the audience for more than half an
hour. To-night the Washington and
Sacramento cantons will give exhibition
drills, and judgment may be passed on
DRILL BY REBEKAHS.
Past Grand Sire Gardner was Intro
duced after Mrs. Gardner had finished
her address and he played the gallant
very successfully with the ladies.
Some wholesome words of advice with
a little well-handled flattery won many
a feminine nod of approval for the
portly gentleman from Atlanta. Past
Grand Sire Goodwin spoke of the co
operation of the women of Odd Fellow
ism, their untiring efforts to assist in
promulgating the sentiment that has
made Odd Fellowship a permanency
among fraternal societies.
Fifty-three years of co-operation
have won a distinctive place in the or
der for the women members, the Re
bekahs. Purity of purpose and ef
fective legislation have been the out
come of the assistance of the hand that
rocks the cradle and rules the world.
The speaker referred to California
and praised San Francisco and the
State for their generosity. He spoke
of the splendid reception accorded
members of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
by the people of the city and said that
he had heard that San Francisco never
did anything half-way, and now ha
was convinced of the absolute truth of
the statement.
Mrs. Gardner spoke of the beneficiary
system inaugurated by the order, of
the protection afforded the widows anci
orphans and the maintenance of th*
home of the order at Gilroy.
Twenty- five thousand sisters were
enrolled on the lodge books and in ten
years this number will have been in
creased two fold. It has been demon
strated in late years that the Rebekahs
have been growing at a much greater
ratio than in the early periods of their
existence.
Sure enough, it was warm and stifling
in the galleries. Several ladies grew
weak from the effects of the oppressive
atmosphere. and there was more than
one who had to leave the building. But
there is nothing that succeeds like suc
cess, and faint-hearted men and light
headed women did not militate in the
least against the one result to be de
sired, viz.. a splendid record for the
women of Odd Fellowship.
The evening'*! entertainment was
opened. .WU1» a musical selection by th»»
orcnestrir. aftc*r which President W. \*.
Watson. P. G. M.. and past grand rep
resentative, called the Rebekahs to or
der with a few appropriate remarks
about women as a factor in promoting
just such big events as were transpir
ing. President Watson introduced
State President Mrs. Gardner, who then
addressed the audience and told them
something of the success of the Order
of Rebekahs. their mission in life and
the good that they have accomplished,
individually and collectively.
GROWTH OF ORDER.
Mschanics'. Pavilion was crowded t»
its utmost capacity last night during
the reception tendered by the officers
of Rebekah day. So great did the audi
ence become that at 9 o'clock the police
were obliged to issue orders that no
more persons be allowed in the gal
leries. At that hour there were at least
7000 persons in the galleries and 5000
more on the main floor.
Past Grand Sire Goodwin, who ar
rived early and watched the rapidly
growing crowds with intense interest,
remarked that •'California always doe3
things on a large scale, and this at
tendance proves it." Mrs. Dora Gard
ner. State president of the Rebekah
Assembly, was more than satisfied with
the result of the efforts of the ladies of
the order to make Rebekah day a grand
success. Mrs. Gardner said that she
knew that there would be a large at
tendance, but she did not expect to
have "this big building crowded to suf
focation."
Robert E. Wright cf AJlentown, Ps
vas elected grand sire of the Sover
eign Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fe!!ovrs yesterday. His
election settled a Question that has
caused much discussion throughout
the order and the Sovereign Grand
Lodge is now in a position to proceed
more raridly with its work.
Many of the oncers of the grand
body were uncertain as to Its author
ity to elevate Mr. Wright to the high
o.f.ce of grand sire, in view of the
fact that he is not in the city to per
mit of the observance of the consti-
E. S. Conway Wins
His Fight for
Deputy.
Uniformed Ladies
Apt Students
of Tactics.
Robert E. Wright
Named by His
F raters.
Drill Corps Makes
a S p I e n d i d
Showing.
GRAND SIRE
CHOSEN AT
FIRST CALL
REBEKAH DAY
PRONOUNCED
BIG SUCCESS
ONE SPIRITED CONTEST MARKS ELECTION OF HIGH
OFFICERS OF SOVEREIGN LODGE OF ODD FELLOWS
TSS WEATKEB.
rorecast made at San ¦ rnn
dsco for thirty hoars esdissr
nidnlirht. September SI:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Partly cloudy Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
G. H. WIIiLSOW,
Local Fosecastex,
Temporarily in Charge.
The San Francisco Call.NEW ORLEANS ABSCONDER
IS ARRESTED IN DENVER
ASHLAND. Wis.. Sept. 20. — Placing
a silver dollar between his teeth
while he reached in his Docket for
change to pay a small bill. Captain
Walter Mahan of the steamer Lunham
threw his head back to laugh last
night and as he opened his mouth the
dollar slipped back and he swallowed
it. Physicians ' worked on him for
several hours, but were unable to re
move the coin. This afternoon an in
cision was made in the throat four
inches long and four physicians pulled
the dollar out of Mahan's oesophagus.
The operation was serious and Cap
tain Mahan Is not out of danger. The
dollar was found about six Inches be
low the glottis.
Surgeons Cut Coin From Man's
Oesophagus and Patient Is in a
Serions Condition.
Democratic Leaders Fail to Select
Gubernatorial Nominee.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. 21.— After
a conference among the Democratic
State leaders, lasting from 12:15 to
1:25 o'clock this morning. In an
effort to harmonize the conflicting ele
ments of the party, the members of
the conference separated with the un
derstanding that they should meet
rt£ain at 9 o'clock- The conferees
p-ere mute as to details of their dis
cussion, the only anonuncement being
that no final agreement had been
reached.
Such talk as eddied around the cor
ridors at midnight was all to the effect
that Grout would be the nominee for
WISCONSIN MAN SWALLOWS
A DOLLAR AND 3IAY DIE
DEADLOCK AT SARATOGA.
The platform provides for the taxa
tion of second-class railroad property,
at local rates. This would add about
(400,000 to the ?l,500,000 of taxes
paid annually by the railroads in this
State. Second-class property used for
railroad purposes is that outside of
the main line.
TRENTON, N. J.. Sept. 20. — In a
State convention that was enthusiastic
and harmonious, the Republicans of
New Jersey to-day by acclamation
nominated former State Senator Ed
ward C. Stokes of Cumberland County
for the Governorship. Senator Stokes,
who had been ill, appeared In the con
vention hall and accepted the nomina
tion in a speech, that was well re
ceived. ." ' ~;
bcrland by Acclamation.
NEW JERSEY'S NEXT GOVERNOR.
Republicans Nominate Stokes of Cuui-
Acting Secretary Ryan said that
heretofore the lands have been sold
to the highest bidder and the proceeds
paid directly to the Indians, with the
result that in many instances the In
dians soon were divested of their
money.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20. — One of
the most drastic orders ever issued by
the Government for the protection of
the several Indian tribes against fraud
and robbery was promulgated to-day
by Acting Secretary of the Interior
Ryan. The order in question amends
the rules for the sale of inherited In
dian lands so as 1 to require that the
proceeds to be derived from their
sale shall be placed with the most
convenient United States depository to
the credit of each heir in proper pro
portion, subject to the check of such
heirs or their recognized guardians,
for amounts not exceeding $10 to each
in any one month. Before beins paid,
however. It will be necessary for these
checks to be approved by the agent
or other officer In charge. For sums
in excess of J 10 per month, the money
will be paid upon the approval of the
agent only when specifically author
ized so to do b*' the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. *!;¦ -
WILL PROTECT
INDIANS' MONEY
Governor, but Senator McCarren was
the only one of the prominent leaders
that would say so. At the same time
there came rumors of the coalition of
certain up-State interests around Tam
many Hall and against the alliance
supposed to be represented by Senator
McCarren.
The candidacy of Shepard Is the
center about which most of the anti-
Grout sentiment gathered.
The convention yesterday held its
preliminary session and heard an ex
tended speech by William B. Horn
blower as temporary chairman.
LAWMAKERS OF IIAYTI
ANGERED BY A STRANGER
Russian Position to Be Based on Ad
miralty Court's Decisions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 20. — Rus
sia's position on the question of con
traband of war will be officially pro
mulgated in the form of decisions of
the Admiralty Court In the cases of
the Calchas, Arabia and Allentown,
when they come up on appeal. Pro
fessor de Maurtens, president of the
commission which decided what
should constitute contraband, accord-
Ing to Russian views, will appear on
behalf of the Government, thus prac
tically insuring the acceptance of the
principle formulated by the commis
sion. As he will be in possession of
the American and British notes, the
contentions of those Governments will
be practically settled before the court.
Russia's proposition has been au
thoritatively stated to the press as fol
lows :
"Russia does not desire to interfere
with the United States' legitimate
commerce with Japan, but she has the
right to and must protect herself, as
far as possible, against shipments
which may aid the enemy in prosecut
ing the war."
Deprive American of a Concession Bv
canse Deputy's Speech Is Inter
rupted.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti. Sept.
20. — The fact that a Deputy was in
terrupted by outsider while speak
ing in the Chamber of Communes
yesterday has 'caused an international
Incident of a mild character.
The Haytian Government some time
ago granted two American citizens ;•.
concession for the construction and
exploitation of a railroad from G<»
naivea to Hinche. an important line
passin? through a rich part of tlie
country. The concession was beiiiK
discussed in the chamber yesterd-.y
when one of the occupants of the
strangers' gallery, a foreigner, inter
rupted a Deputy who was speaking,
which caused so much indignation
amon'g the Deputies that the motion
to aporove the concession was re
jected. President Nord, however, has
Informed American Minister Powell
that reparation will be made for the
regrettable Incident and that the con
cession will be approved at the next
session of the -Lesislature.
Callforninns in New York.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — B. V. Barton,
at the Herald Square; M. H. Hamilton
Jr. and wife, at the Imperial; G. N.
Dreyer, at the Grand Union: I. D.
Isaacs, at the Holland; A. J. Lowen
berg, at the Savoy; R. McElroy, at the
Broadway Central; C. E. Ray, at the
Grand Union; C. E. Schmidt, at the
Ashland; C. W. Strun, at the Imperial.
From Santa Ana — J. Sleeper, at the
Victoria.
From Los Angeles — S. M. Bosbos,
at the Normandle; W. W. Nener and
wife and W. B. Scott, at the Imperial;
C. Udell, at the Normandle; J. c.
Cribb and wife, at the Imperial; Dr.
H. G. Bayless, at the Navarre; Dr. N.
L. Rowell. at the St. Denis.
VIENXA, Bert. 20.— An Austrian Naval
League, modeled after tn« G-man Naval
Leagu*. *¦«» organiMd her* to-day. It ta
supported by Archdulca Fran* Ferdinand, the
Austrian Ministry and other Influential par
sonages.
ROME, Sei>t. 20. — The Congress of
Free Thinkers assembled here to-day
at the Roman college erected ,by Pope
Gregory XIII. The event assumed spe
cial importance, this being the anniver
sary of the fall of the temporal power
of the Popes and alpo on account of the
recent Franco- Vatican conflict. More
than 5000 delegates were present, the
Frenchmen alone numbering about 1000.
Ten delegates came from America, in
cluding Dr. Moncure D. Conway of
New York, representing the secular so
ciety of the United States; Dr". J. B.
Wilson of Cincinnati and Professor M.
M. Mangasarlan of Chicago.
Professor Pergi presided and deliv
ered an address, which was warmly ap
plauded, glorifying the triumphs of
science over superstition. He hailed the
fall of temporal power, condemned
Catholicism as prehistoric and protest
ed against war.ending with advocating
an indissoluble alliance of nations and
the universal brotherhood of the peo
ples.
At a subsequent sitting of the con
gress Professor Haeckel of Jena Uni
versity proposed a message to Premier
Combes of France congratulating him
on his struggle for the right of human
thought against theocratic oppression,
and also for what he has accomplished
for the separation of church and state.
In the Osservatore Romano, the or
gan of the Vatican, this official notice
appears:
Innumerable telegrams have reached the Pope
from all classes of people In Italy protesting
against the Satanic Congress of Kree Thinkers,
which, .under the auspices of Freemasonry was
Inaugurated tr--day In Rome, the center of ths
Catholic faith.
Congress Assembles in Historic Col
lege ami Opens on Anniversary of
I*o|>e*s JjOss of Temporal Power.
The instability of the Democratic party
during the last few year* gives nc» ground for
confidence in Its capacity to administer the
great affairs of tfce Government. It is con
tinually shifting Its issues. It has been grasp
ing ta a blind effort to aelze bold of tome
irs'it which would restore It to power. Its
paramount Issue of to-<Jay !• abandoned to
morrow. -
BALTIMORE. Md., Sept. 'JO.— Senator
Charles W. Fairbanks was the chief
speaker at a Republican mass meeting
in this city to-night, the event being
the formal opening of the Republican
campaign in Maryland. Senator Fair
banks was escorted from Wilmington
to Baltimore by a committee of lead
ing Republicans. At the Hotel Ren
nert a reception was held.
In his speech Senator Fairbanks de
clared that the losses of Baltimore In
the conflagration of this year were not
so large as those sustained by the city
during the last Democratic adminis
tration, as a result of tlie temporary
overthrow of Republican principles.
He declared that during the Cleveland
administration buKinese in this and
other leading cities was choked, pay
rolls iver* reduced and the wajre rate
diminished. On the subject of protec
tion be said:
Th« Republican protective «jstem is an Issue
in the pending campaign. The Democratic
1 any. true to Its traditional policy of hostility
«o it. htm declared protection to be "robbery."
Us triumph would be a direct and positive
blow tu the urotectlve wystein, which h&s *o
eplon<!id!y vindicated Itself. *
Tbe overthrow of Retmbllcaa policies to-day
tnuK biicg eimilu- result* to these which fol
lowed their overthrow In 1S92.
Nominee's Theme.
IX'tnocralic Ineonrx > tency Is Uie
FAIRBANKS IN BALTIMORE.
A score of persons were Injured in
the attack and one man was made in
sensible by a blow on the head. Four
were arrested, charged with disorderly
conduct.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — An unknown
man in a buggT was attacked by a
mob of 500 persons at West Twelfth
and Halsted streets yesterday, after he
had run down and painfully injured
Molly Kemkowsky, aged 6. Hundreds
of Ghetto Jews, celebrating the feast
of Yom Klppur, pursued the buggy for
blocks and bombarded the driver with
bricks and stones till ' the police,
brought by a riot call, fought their
way through the crowd with clubs and
rescued the driver. .
Police Save Chlcajxo Man From 500
Enraged Hebrews.
ATTACKED BY JEWS.
fri:e thinkers hold
convention' ix rome
ROSEMOUNT. Ksopus. N. Y., Aug. 31,
1804.— General H. V. Boynton, President So
ciety of the Army of the Cumberland, Indian
apolis, find.— My Dear Sir: I very much regret
that It Is Impossible for me to attend the
thirty-second annual reunion of "the Society
of the Army of the Cumberland. Will you
be kind enough to convey to the- society as
surances of my regrets and very grateful ap
preciation? Very truly your»,
ALTON a PARKER.
Judge Parker sent the following
Letters Arc Read at the Reunion of
the Army of the Cum
. bcrland.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept 20.—
The nominating committee of the So
ciety of the Army of the Cumberland
made its report d irinsr the afternoon
session. The following officers were
chosen: President. General H. V.
Boynton, Washington; corresponding
secretary, Major John Tweedale. U. S.
A., Washington; recording secretary,
Colonel John W. Steele, Oberlin, Ohio;
treasurer, General Frank A. Smith, U.
S. A,
The following letter from President
Roosevelt was read:
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 30, 1004.— My
Dear General Boynton: Permit me. through
you, to extend ray hearty good wlshe* to the
Society cf the Army of the Cumberland at Its
reunion in Indianapolis. I only wish it were
in my power to be present.
The record of the Society of the Army of
the Cumberland Ib Indeed noteworthy. Three
o? Its members were Presidents of the United
StstPs — Grant. Garfleld ami Harrison. Four
commanded the army after the Civil War —
Grant. Sheridan. Sherman and Hohofleld. Two
readied the Supreme Court — Matthews and
Harlan. You have had many members In the
Cabinet, In the Senate and in the House of
Representative*. One of them. General Klefer,
became speaker of the House. For this excep
tional 'r«:ord you are entitled to the reaped
and admiration of your countrymen; but after
all, the great claim, the undying- claim, that
you have upon all the people of this nation,
rests upon the fact that all of you, from the
major general to the private, did your full
part in that great brotherhood of men who
formed th« Union army from 18C1 to 1SC5,
and who, during those year*, rendered not
only to our people, but to all mankind, the
greatest service which it was given to any
men of the nineteenth century to render. The
men who served in the great Civil War left
to their children and their children's children
unto the remotest generation not merely a re
united country, not merely the sense of be
longing to a nation which bat before it a
future so vast that even lt» most loyal &on«
can hardly venture to anticipate it, but you
left to them also the memory of the way
In which that formidable army of fighting men,
when once the war was ended, turned forth
wUh to the -pursuits of peace and showed
thi-rcselves good citizens at home, just a« they
hart shown themselves good foldiers at the
front. Jn any great crisis of war this nation
must rely mainly upon it* volunteer soldiery
ar.d the veterans of the Civil War have left us
forever the model of what such a soldiery
slu.'Uld be. We of the younger generation owe
you a.-: debt greater than we can ever pay. alike
for the leiEoas you taught In war and for the
leston you tausht in peace.
With the heartiest regards and with "every
c.-irdial wl«h for the success of your reunion,
btlleve me, very faithfully yours.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT. .
ROOSEVELT AND PARKER
. \yiITE TO WAR VETERANS
FINAL RULING ON CONTRABAND.
VALLEJO, Sept. 20. — The big. black
converted Russian cruiser Lena, con
tinues to be the most interesting object
at the navy yard. Her crew is being
given liberty in squads of twenty-flve.
They stroll quietly about the streets of
Vallejo. The officers seem more con
cerned, and while a number of them
have visited Vallejo they look upon
the disarmament of their ship as a
piece of hard luck. American ord
nance officers and a force of men have
removed all the small guns from the
Lena and sent the breech blocks of her
big guns ashore. By 3 p. m. to-mor
row the sixty tons of ammunition now
in the magazine of the Russian ship
will be safely stored ashore. In the
meantime great care is being taken
that the Lena is not .njured by out
side parties.
This afternoon Admiral McCalla,
commandant of the navy yard, heard
that one of the Lena's crew was seri
ously ill. He sent the yard ambulance
to the ship and had the sufferer con
veyed to the navy yard hospital, at the
same time informing the Russian cap
tain that his officers and men can ex
pect as good treatment as the accom
modations and facilities of the navy
yard will afford.
Sends Sick Member of Lena's Crew
to the Hospital.
KIND ACT OF McCALLA.
MADRID, Sept. 20. — Official denial
Is made of the story printed in the
Correspondencia yesterday under date
of Bilbao that a Russian cruiser had
been «een off Cape St. Marie and she
had fired two shots at and taken pos
session of a merchant vessel supposed
to be a British steamship.
British Ship Not Fired Upon.
SEDALIA, Mo., Sept. 20.— Charles E.
Bliss staked his life last night on a
game of cards and lost. He' paid the
penalty a few minutes later by com
mitting suicide.
Bliss was the con of a Seventh Day
Adventist preacher i-esidlng at 504 West
Main street, Peru, 7nd.
Shortly before midnight 'Bliss called
upon "Ted" Moore, a notorious woman,
with whom he was infatuated, and chal
lenged her to a game of pitch.
"For what shall we play?" the wom
an asked.
"I will stake my life against yours,"
replied Bliss.
The cards were d^alt and the woman
won. Bliss put on his hat and kissed
the woman good-by, went to a nearby
drug store, purchased a bottle of car
bolic acid and ended his life. He died
before a physician; could reach him,
refusing to the last to take an antidote
which was pressed upon him.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20.— In the
hills that skirt the eastern boundary
of the city the county authorities for
months have maintained a leper camp,
in which there were half a dozen per
sons attlicted with tbis hideous disease.
They lived In tents and from time to
time were visited by physicians from
the County Hospital, under whose
charge they were. To-night when a
visit was made to the camp it was
found to be deserted. All of the lepers
had disappeared. The hospital authori
ties organized a party, to search for the
missing patients, but later the futility
of such a search was realized and the
party returned.
It was learned that Mrs. L. Cham
berlain, once a beautiful woman and a
leader among her unfortunate com
panions had caused the flight- She was
taken from her husband several months
ago and placed in the camp, and there
he saw her at times. He finally decided
to take her and live with her despite
her leprosy," and told his friends he
would nurse her as carefully as she
could be cared for In the camp. She
consented to go with him, and after
her departure the other unfortunates
refused to stay.
Er>ccial Dispatch to The Call
Finally the police quelled the disturb
ance, cordoned off the streets in the dis
turbed area and made several arrests.
Excited groups of orthodox Jews, how
ever, continued- to parade the streets,
and the houses of several socialist Jews
were stoned.
LONDON, Sept. 20.— The day of
atonement was marked in London by
serious rioting in the Jewish quarter of
the East End. More than 2000 Jews en
gaged In a disturbance, and nearly 300
police had to be called out before the
disorder was quelled.
The trouble arose over the action of
the non-conforming members of a so
cial democratic Jewish club at Spital
fields, situated in the heart of a dis
trict containing about 20,000 Jewish in
habitants. .The socialists openly pa
raded in disregard of the fasting in
junction, and made a celebration with
wines at the clubhouse. . The orthodox
Jews were angered and surrounded the
clubhouse and stoned it. The social
ists threw bottles at the crowd, and
goon the two or three narrow streets
in the vicinity became choked by a
fighting mob. Ambulances were called
out and the doctors had many minor
cases to attend to.
PARIS. Sept. 21. — The Matin's
Chefu correspondent telegraphs the
following : "The use of dumdum bullets
by Russians is confirmed, a Russian
having confessed to me that he
brought a thousand such bullets with
him and used 300 of them. I believe
this case was of individual initiative,
for which the authorities are not re
sponsible. On the other hand, a wit
ness ufflrms that Russian soldiers at
Port Arthur have been -killed by ex
plosive bullets."
Both Skies Urtlns: "Dumdums."
JEW'S ENGAGE
IN BIG RIOT
LIFE IS SWEET
EVEN TO LEPERS
The platform adopted to-morrow will
deal unmJncinffly with the so-called
"Law and Order" policy of Governor
Peabody, nominee for re-election on the
Republican ticket.
Of the remaining five or six men
mentioned for the nomination, it is be
lieved that, with Hughes and Adams
met aside. Ex-Congressman Shaffroth
cf Denver, and State Senator Edward
F. Taylor of Glenwood, would lead the
race.
Again. Ex-Governor Alva Adams, of
Puc-blo, who has given out a statement
and reiterated it in an address before
the Pueblo County Convention that un
der no conditions would he allow his
name to be placed before the conven
tion, has been indorsed by the Pueblo
convention and the delegation has been
instructed to vote for him for Gov
ernor.
Contrary to the usual conditicms, the
names of those who are least active in
pursuit of the gubernatorial nomina
tion, are most frequently mentioned as
having the favor of the delegates. It
is even asserted that Charles J. Hughes
Jr.. of Denver, a U-ading attorney, who
has never authoritatively announced
that he is a candidate for the ofiice,
could be nominated oa the first ballot
if he vould express a. Ceslre to be
Chosen.
DENVER, Coio.. Sept. 20.— The Dem
ocratic State Convention will meet in
this city to-morrow to nominate a full
State ticket and five Presidential
electors.
State Contention Meets To-Day in
Denver.
COLORADO DEMOCRAT^.
Stoessel Reports 'Victory for the Gar-,
rison on September 16.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 20.— Lieu- i
tenant General Stoessel, commanding j
the Russian military forces at Port Ar- ;
thur, reports by telegraph that on the ,
The foregoing comes from a Rus
sian of standing, whose previous Infor
mation has been correct. He adds
that the attack at the end of August,
which was reported as two separate
at-^aultF. really constituted a ten days'
battle, the fighting being the heaviest
during the first three days and the last
fcur day6 of that period. Although
the Japanese retired August 31 along
the greater part of their line, they
remained In four supplementary forts
on the northeast front, which they had
captured from the Russians. • .
During the fighting In August the
attempt to capture Kikwan Mountain
ccst the Japanese an entire regiment.
This statement has been absolutely
confirmed.
CHEFU, Sept. 20. — Authoritative in
formation has been received here of a
general attack upon Port Arthur by
the Japanese forces, which began yes
terday before daybreak and continued
until dark. All indications point to an
effort to capture certain of the north
east main forts. This is the attack
for which the Japanese have been
preparing for the past nineteen days,
with slight hope of success.
As forecast in these dispatches, the
Japanese attack on Port Arthur is di
rected against the northeast front.
The main object is to capture the for
tifications on Kikwan Mountain, Rix-
Iv.ngr Mountain and the Intermediate
forts.
the Northeast Line.
Japanese Onslaught Directed Against
ATTACKING MAIN* FORTS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— The sentiment
cf the West is overwhelmingly Repub
lican, according to the preliminary re
ports from State jx>lls which have been
going on throughout the country for
a. month. This announcement was made
to-day by the managers at the national
Kepublican headquarters.
The reports also show that the minds
of voters are already made up to an
tiausual degree. Chairman Roy O. West
cf the State committee ascribed this
fact not only to the lack of live issues
in the campaign, but also to the fact
that the labor unions and similar or
£2iniz&tioris and free rural mail delivery
biive done much to educate the people
In the last four years.
While the Republican managers are
inclined to view the political situation
vith confidence, they gay that there
tnay be a whirlwind campaign in Octo
ber, and that both Republicans and
Democrats will v.ork to get out the vote
en election day as they never worked
before.
Special Disi>a.lch to The C*1L
"That's an old" story. What you
want now is news. But why shouM
I tell my plars."
The combination of lines now under
Hawl^y's domination would mean a
through system of railroads from To
ledo, lake and trui k line points to th«
Pacific Coast with branch lines in the
Middle West and in Colorado territory.
Hawley to-day would not admit at
first that he controlled the Chicago and
Alton, nor that he might send out
requests for proxies for the annual
meeting in October.
But when reminded that he said six
months ago that he controlled the line
and also that the Kuhn-Loeb & Co.
request for deposits of stock was only
a "bluff to get control, while the
Kuhn-^TiOeb Harriman party had lost"
he said:
It now becomes public that Hawley
went into the directorate of the West
ern Pacific wiih th» Idea of building a
new transcontinental system to Include
the Toledo, St. Louis and "Western, and
Chicaso and Alton roads, and the so
called Hawley lin^s in the Central
West, the Colorado Southern and West
ern Pacific.
This Is the final survey. Two prelim
inaries, one east to Winnemucca, the
other south to Reno, have been made
from Fish Springs. Which of these two
will be chosen will not be known for
several days.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20— Another trans
continental railroad combination 13
planned. Edwin Hawley is its sponsor.
The undertaking involves the so-called
Hawley lines in the Middle States, in
cluding the Alton and the Toledo, St.
Louis and Western roads, extending
into Eastern trunk line territory, ami
the Western Pacific, now being built
from the Salt I>ake gateway to the Pa
cific Coast. Such a deal, if carried out.
would mean a combination with Iine3
from the Great Lakes to the Pacific
Ocean. The scheme has been formed !n
detail, and all that remains to be done
is to put it into effect.
Hawley said to-day It would be un
wise to tell details of his plan. He
said his control of the Chicago and
Alton was too old a fact to be dis
cussed. He admitted he still dominat
ed the Clover Leaf and said the Chi
cago interests in that line would have
nothing to say as to its disposition. He
made many more pertinent state
ments, but not for publication. .
RENO, Sept. 20.— Ten engineers of the
Western Pacific Company began work
through the Deckwith Pass to-day.
This is the first open move made by the
company in Nevada, and shows conclu
sively that the company is about to be
gin active work on its transcontinental
line, and the much mooted question of
a route through the Sierra -Mountain*
has at last been decided. It will be
through the Beckwith Pass.
The engineers are following along the
line of the Nevada, California and Ore
gon Railroad. This shows that the*com
pany will probably absorb the narrow
guage.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"Sub-lieutenant PhilHppoft* chiefly dis
tinguished himEelf, showing the great
est bravery."
"PORT ARTHUR, Sept. 16.— The en
emy continues daily to bombard the
forts and batteries inside the fortress,
but still without showing any great
activity.
"The wounded are recovering and
eagerly resume thsir glares in the
ranks. They are heroes. The troops
are in excellent spirits.
"At about 3 o'clock, this morning
(September 16) .at least ore Japanese
battalion attacked the redoubt protect
ing the water works. The garrison of
the redoubt repulsed the attack, but
the enemy received reinforcements and
renewed the attack after a half-hour.
The garrison again repulsed them with
rifles and machine guns, supported bya
artillery. The Japanese sustained great
losses and did not again attempt to
take the offensive.
night of September 16 the garrison re
pelled two attacks on the redoubt pro
tecting the water works. General Stoes
sel's dispatch is as follows:
STAKES LIFE
AND LOSES IT
The last attack mentioned by Gen
eral Stoessel took place on the night of
September 14 and was directed against
redoubt No. 8, which protects the wa
ter supply of the city. The redoubt is
about two miles beyond the line of per
manent forts and the attack upon this
shows that the Japanese were not then
within striking distance of the main
fortress. Reports from Shanghai that
some of the defenses had fallen into
the hands of the Japanese aa a result
of a general assault on September 20
are not • confirmed from Russian
sources. J
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept, 21, 1:05 a.
m. — Interest is again concentrated
upon Port Arthur, owing to the receipt
from foreign sources of news that a
general storming of the fortress has
begun. A few belated telegrams from
General Stcestel, the commander at
Port Arthur, recording the repulse of
the Japanese in continued attacks,
EtrensrtheV. confidence in the ability of
the defenders to hold out despite the
furious onslaughts being made upon
them.
The telegrams brought to Chefu by
Prince Radzivill have not yet reached
the War Office, it is understood that
these dispatches contain details ot the
landing of strong Japanese reinforce
ments at Dalny. which would tc-nd to
confirm the belief that it is the inten
tion of the Japanese to storm the fort
ress and that the warships probably
will take part in the attack. In this
event the remnanW of the Russian
fleet will doubileas go out and engage
the Japanese fleet.
. All Russia is 'anxiously 'awaiting
news from the beleaguered garrison.
Public feeling has been aroused to a
high tension by the dreadful picture
given by Prince Radzivill of the suffer
ings of the Russian army there.
BESIEGERS REPULSED.
Eloquence of the Party
Orator Will Have Little
Effect During the Closing
Weeks of the Campaign
Latest Move of the Company
Shows That Path Over the
Sierras Has Been Selected
by the Gould Corporation
St Petersburg Confident That Port Arthur Will Repulse the
Furious onslaughts by Land and Sea.
PARTY OF TEX MEN
MAKING LAST SURVEY
VOTERS ALREADY
HAVE MADE CHOICE
Nevertheless, it is considered more
than doubtful if General Kuropatkin
will make a decisive stand south of
Tie Pass.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 21.— The
sensational announcement that Gen
eral Kuroki has crossed the Hun River
unopposed and that the whole Japan
ese army is advancing upon Mukden is
overshadowed bv anxiety for Port Ar
thur. Moreover, the announcement rel
ative to Kuroki does not receive com
plete credence here, as being in direct
contradiction of official news issued by
the general staff. General Kuropatkin
ennounced only two days ago that
there was not a single Japanese east
of Bentsiaputee. How, it is asked,
could General Kuroki, with 100,000 men.
slip past General Rennenkampfit's Cos
sacks and cross the Hun River near
the Fustian coal mines, thirty miles
east of Mukden? Fushan is situated on
the road from Bentsiaputze, where
General Kuroki crossed the Taitse
lliver. This road is carefullv watched
by General Kuropat kin's outposts be
tween Mukden and Sinsintin. A strons
guard has been placed at the Fushun
mines, which General Kuropatkin will
not give up without a struggle, as the
loss cf the mines would involve the
cutting off of the coal supply for the
whole of the Manchurian Railway.
TOKIO, Sept. 20.— Field Marshal
Oyama, commanding the Japanese
forces in Manchuria, telegraphed to
day as follows:
"An investigation of the trophies cap
tured by up, made since our last re
port, shows the following: Russian
buildings occupied by us in the neigh
borhood of I-iaoyang, 353 houses and
214 warehouses, covering an area of
58,000 square yards. We also seized
79,360 bushels of barley, rice, wheat and
millet: 1300 cases of kerosene, 1800
cases of sugar, 16i^tons of coal and
much cordwood. The amount of coal
captured by General Kuroki will be re
ported later."
Oyama" Rn>orts Further on the Uao
yang Trophies of War.
The general feeling is that Great
Britain has profited by Russia's pre
occupation in the wap to make her po
sition in Tibet secure. Therefore the
thief importance of the protest at this
time is to serve notice that Russia
does not acquiesce in Great Britain's
Tibetan programme and that she will
feel herself at liberty to reopen the
question when her hands are again
free. r •*
RUSSIAN STORES CAPTURED.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 20. — Rus
sia maintains that Great Britain has
broken faith in the matter of the Ti
betan treaty, and Embassador Benck
endorff has been instructed to lodge a
general protest at the British Foreign
Office. According to the Russian
view Great Britain's pledget to Rus
sia regarding the scope of the expe
dition contemplated only the refla
tion of trade between India and Tibet,
and she disclaimed any purpose to
meddle with the internal or political
affair3 of the country. Instead of so
doing a treaty was forced upon the
Tibetans which goes much further,
creating a virtua.1 protectorate over
the country.
MUKDEX, Sept. 20. — A battle is imminent. The Japanese are advancing with eight and possibly nine til
visions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 20. — It is reported here that four warships purchased from Argentina have ar
rived at Ubau.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 20.— The general attack on Port Arthur wliicli began yesterday and in which the Jap
anese fleet fs co-operating was resumed this morning. The Japanese raptured two important forts on cither
side of Sueiszejing", north of Port Arthur.
BERLIN, Sept. 21. — The>, correspondent of the Lokal Anzeiger has telegraphed from Keval to his pancr an
interview with Vice Admiral Itojestvensky, who declares that he expects three additional vessels berore long,
and that, with the augmented squadron, he will leave for the Tar East, The 'correspondent dimly intimates that
the arrival of this squadron at Vladivostok, need not .be expected before spring.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 20. — The following dispatch has been received from General Kuropatkin: ''The
reconnaissance made on September 17 establishes the fact that the Japanese position at Bentsiaputzc is strongly
held by a brigade, with guns. There was no enemy cast of Bentslaputze, but Japanese reinforcements arrived on
September 13 in the vicinity of that \illage. Large Japanese forces from Liaoyang have already crossed to the
right bank of the Tnltse River. A Cossack patrol attacked a Japanese convoy west of Bentsiaputzc and captured
thirty horses, with their loads."
Polls Taken Throughout
the Western States Re
veal an Overwhelming
Republican Sentiment
Railroad Bejrin Work on
Its TranscontinentalRoute
and Settle 31ooted Question
Engineers of Western Pacific
Genera! Protest to
Be Lodged by
Embassador.
Believes He Is Being
Held Back at i
Hun River.
ROOSEVELT
LANDSLIDE
IS CERTAIN
BECKWITH
PASS ROAD
IS STARTED
Russia Doubts the
News of Kuroki's
Advance.
British Treaty With
Tibet Excites
Russia.
LATEST IMPORTANT WAR NEWS BULLETINED TO THE CALL
JAPANESE ADVANCE IN FORCE UPON MUKDEN AND BATTLE IS IMMINENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1904.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 20.—
Shortly before 3 o'clock this after
noon fire was discovered on the apex
of the famous Arrow Head. All the
forest rangers in the city, ranchers
and other available men hastened to
the fire and by the hardest work the
flames were brought under control.
Forest Rangers Fight Fire.
RENO, Sept. 20.— -Lightning hit
the electric light wires of the Reno
Power, Light and Water Company
to-night, and as a result the big gen
erator of the company was burned
opt and for some time the town was
In darkness. Electric storms have been
frequent here .for the past several
days. .Considerable damage. has been
dontv but no fatalities are reported. ,¦
Reno Visited by Lightning.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 20. — The ca8e
of the people versus W. B. Bradbury,
the San Francisco millionaire, who
was recently arrested on a charge of
having assaulted Mrs. C. Hanlfin, a
domestic employed by him at Corte
Madera, came up to-day in the Su
perior Court. The demurrer of John
W. Hosmer, Bradbury's attorney, to
the information -was sustained by
Judge Lennon. District ¦ Attorney
Boyd * Immediately, filed - a new infor
mation. - •inwiBiininr r - " : . *-
Bradbury Wins a Point.
McLonc Nominated for Governor.
CONCORD, N. H., Sept 20. — John
McLane of llilford was nominated for
Governor by the Republican State
convention here to-day. Candidates
for Presidential electors were chosen.
Agent of , . Moline Plow Company,
Charged With Embezzling $8000,
Is in. Custody of Police.
DENVER,' Colo., Sept. 20.— Joseph
F " Edwards, . charged with embezzle
ment of .$8000 from the Moline Plow
Company, has been arrested here. He
was the Louisiana agent for the.com
pany, with headquarters at New Or
leans previous to October 25, 1903,
when he absconded. He admits his
Identity and will t return . to New Or
leans without a requisition. - . . ' . \
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE FREE FREE
A two-pound package of
PILLSBUKY'S VITOS
The choicest product of the best
wheat In the world.
Made by the millers of Pills.
bury's Best Floor.
A single package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food.
PFREE WITH WANT ADS.
« announcement on classified
page.
jjlll After the Stork
Ij||j|il has made his visit, there is
£I~q2 a two-fold need of
f^^cSoC^r^^?J2a^^i^^Sgr^_3l^l!% lfl|^ THtAPR MASK*
fslP^J '"^^^^ Jt contains just the food properties
P^^^~^^^gi^^ needed for mother and child.
i^^^^^^d^^lj A predigested food with unequalcd
fj^SS^&'iSSSS strengthening properties.
|%e3S&rJfl^ Invigorating, sustaining, not intoxi-
Anheuser " Buscil Brewing Ass'n
not ** 11 •<* Include the Anheuser-Busch Brewery
"y^gflpBiP^ In your St. LouU si*ht-«eeini.BOSTON. - S«Dt- 20.^-Owin* more ; than \ $lT-
O00.«i0. William B. S. VWhaleck. -the s financial
voppcrter cf sereral ! cotton raannfacturlpjr en
terprises in the . South, - filed a voluntary , peti
tien In bankruptcy . to-day. , :.
) CHICAGO. Sept 20.— Robert F.
Scott; 'senior; member of the dry goods
firm of Carson, Pirie. Scott & Co.; died
at 'his home :.ln Lakeside to-day.
Chicago Merchant Dies.
Oldest Confederate Veteran Dead.
- ST. : LOUIS, Sept 20. — George
Washington Bradley of Houston, Tex.,
aged 97- years, said to be the oldest
Confederate veteran." died here -to-day
while dn a visit to the World's Fair.
He served in a Missouri infantry reg
iment > during the Civil War.
LINCOLN. Neb., Sept. 20. — Appli
cation on behalf of the Secretary oi
the Interior was filed to-day with the
State Engineer whereby. the Govern
ment asks the right to tap the North
Platte River in one of the irrigation
projects contemplated by the Con
gressional reclamation act." The river
will be tapped just below the Sweet
water, In Wyoming, and a storage'res
ervoir constructed covering, 23,000
acres. The contemplated • cost ' Is
$1,250,000.
Uncle Sam to Construct Storage Res
ervoir In Wyoming < tor Purposes
of Irrigation.
GOVERNMENT- WOULD TAP » .
THE NORTH PLATTE RIVER
' Ex-Judge Peter B. Nagle died Mon
day at the residence of his family on
Eighth avenue, Richmond district.
Judge Nagle was born 77 years ago in
Canada, from which country he moved
into the United States. He graduated
and was admitted to the bar in Cincln
noti, O. From there he came to Califor
nia in 1S4S, and after mining in the
northern portion of the State took up
the practice .of his profession in old
Tuolumne County. Later he removed
to Stanislaus County, where he adorned
the bench as County Judge in the early
60's for a term of four years. He
served for eight years as District At
torney for Tehama County, declining
further- honors from the ¦ people whom
he served faithfully. After coming to
San. Francisco -he ranked among the
brightest minds of his day. Later,
when his sons, Charles G. and James
LJ, grew up.' a law partnership ;was es
tablished by- father and sons., with
great success, retired from active
practice and* resided. on Van Ness.ave-'
nue until he conceived. the Idea of mov
ing toward ' the , Golden Gate for .the
benefit of his health: -. .
No. date has been set as "yet" for the*
funeral ..in. consequence of the absence
of his sonTCharles G. Nagle.who is at
tending the grand convention , of the
Eagles "In "the: East- 'During'*. -Judge'
Nagle's ; life, he was an- active 'Mason'
and a member, of Mount- Moriah Lodge,.
DEATH CLAIMS
FORMER JUDGE
PETER B. NAGLE
The Fourth Congressional District i
; Convention of the Union Labor party ]
! met at Pioneer Hall last evening, j
| Thomas F. Finn was chosen chairman
by acclamation. William Carr was
elected secretary.
Immediately on the announcement I
of the chair that the next order of '
brsiness Was the nomination of a can
i didate for Congress. Thomas F. Eagan
i arose and addressed the convention, j
| H*> spoke highly of Edward J. Liver
, nosh's career in Congress as the Rep- ]
| rr-tentative of the district and re- j
I marked that the Congressman had
j just laid the foundation for greater ef
fort as the champion of the working
man. He declared that delegates of
the Union Labor party would be false
and recreant if they failed to recog
nize the merits and services of Mr.
LJvernash.
In closing he proposed Mr. Liver
nash as the nominee of the conven
ticn. The nomination was seconded
by several delegates. A motion that
nominations close prevailed without
dissent. The secretary was thereupon
directed to cast the ballot for Liver
nnsh. Delegates Eagan and Ryan
were appointed to notify Mr. , Liver
nash of the convention's action and to
ej-cort him to the platform. It was re
ported to the chairman that the nomi
nee was not present- As the delegates
did not clamor for his presence the in
cident of his absence engaged no fur
ther notice. After authorizing the
chairman to appoint the usual com
mittees the convention adjourned to
the call of the chair. The fact was
regarded as somewhat significant that
the convention did not. adjourn- sine
die. There was a deal of gossip to
the effect that Livernash intended to
declare war on the party because
Wynn was turned down in the Fifth.
Union Labor Party Places Him on
Ticket for Congress.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 20. — Gecrg* U Rr»».
a well-known railroad cotvSuctor of this city.
ccimaltted suicide to-nlxfct br taklas a dc»»
of carbolic acid. Kcm was drtskin* la Orah
ler"s *&loon. and while there took th« pelsea.
He I«ft th« place and walked a block away
and feU dead on th- aidewalk.
LOGANSPORT. Ind.. Sept. 20. —
While witnessing a melodrama at the
Dowling Theater last night Mrs. Alice
Marshall became so excited that she
sprang from her seat to go to the res
cue of the heroine, and after taking a
few steps fell dead.
John Broderick, aged 5S years, died
yesterday at his home, 1274 Thir
teenth avenue, after a long illness.
His widow and three daughters sur
vive him. The deceased had been en
gaged .in mining operations.
James G. de Voll. a retired mining
man. died to-day at his residence, 974
Poplar street, at the age of 60 years.
He- had resided in this city for eigh
teen years. A wife and one daughter
survive, him.
"Mrs. T. R. Hutchinson. one of Oak
land's. pioneer residents, died at her
late residence. .308 Madison street,
yesterday after an illness of several
months." Mrs. Hutchinson was widely
known. in Alameda County. She leaves
a large family.
WELL KNOWN WOMAN DIES.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.—^Mrs. Sarah
Quayle, aged 64 years, for fifteen
years a resident of Oakland, died yes
terday at her home, 560 Jones street.
She was a native of England and
leaves a husband. Thomas Quayle,
and nine children, Henry and Ernest
Quayle. Mrs. Waldemar Van Cott and
Mrs. Oscar Van Cott, all of Salt Lake
City, and Lawrence. Charles, Bert L..
Thomas R. and Mortimer Quayle of
this city.
as also a member of San Francisco
Chapter. Royal Arch Masons.
INDIANA WOMAN DIES OF
EXCITEMENT AT THEATER
CHICAGO. Sept. 20. — Miss Neva
Scott of Chicago was seriously and
six other persons slightly injured in an
automobile accident here to-day. The
occupants of the vehicle are said to
have planned to start to-day for St.
Louis.
Besides Miss Scott the injured are
Miss Helen Davies of New York, niece
of H. G. Davies; L. C. 3IurDhy, the
ater manager, of Boston; Dr. Regi
nald Smith of New York, surgeon at
Bellevue Hospital; Miss Grace Bowen
of Chicago; Miss.Zella Terry of Pe
oria. and Miss Helen Reidy of St.
Lou!*.
A hose stretched across the street
caused the automobile to swerve and
crash into the curb, throwing the oc
cupants to the pavement. The men In
the party, despite their injuries, as
sisted the bruised and frighienea
women to the grass plat beside the
boulevard and summoned medical aia.
Miss Scott is said to have sustained
internal injuries.
Hose Stretched Across Chicago Street
Causes Motor Car to Swerve and
Crash Into Sidewalk.
SEVEN PERSONS INJURED
IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
NEW YORK. Sept. 20. — Sworn to
put an end to the existence of gangs
of street hoodlums and lawless or
ganizations of foreigner?, to stop the
carrying of concealed weapcrs and to
protect women from insult and an
noyance by rowdies, seventy-four
business men of Brooklyn have be
come incorporated as the Citizens'
Protective League for Law and Order.
The incorporators propose to en
courage men of intelligence and
standing to join the league. Sheriff
Hesterberg of Kings County has ap
pointed the members deputy sheriffs.
Incorporate a Protective League and
Its Members Arc Made Deputy
Sheriffs.
BROOKLYN BUSINESS MEN"
WILL WAR UPON ROWDIES
MILAN, Sept. ro.— The citizens of
Milan have become tired of the van
daiism of strikers and have organized
a league to aid the police in re-estab
lishing and maintaining order. Par
ties of citizens went through the town
to-day searching for strikers who have
been Identified with recent violence and
a number of arrests were made.
ROME. Sept. 20.— The situation here
is gradually improving and It is ex
pected that there will be a general re
sumption of work to-morrow. A dis
patch from Naples says that a meet
ing of strikers there ended in a con
flict with th» police and that the latter.
by firing in the air, frightened and dis
persed the mob.
The convention adjourned until next
Saturday night, at which time nom
inations will be concluded.
LIVERNASH IS NOMINATED.
E. J. Deaver. chairman of the Fifth i
Congressional District convention, an- •
nounced the appointment of the follow- |
Ing Congressional committee for that '¦
district: Thirtj'-second Assembly Dis- ]
trict. J. N. Copus; Thirty-third* John I
Magee: Thirty-fourth. Lawrence Buck- !
ley: Thirty-fifth. James de Succa: Thir- j
ty-sixth, Charles Webr; Thirty-sev- •
enth. M. Leary: Thirty-eighth. Stephen]
Gunn; Thirty-ninth. Peter McCormick: j
Fifty-fifth. R. D. Errick; Fifty-sixth. {
L. B. Bain: Fifty-seventh. J. J. Craig; j
Fifty-third. P. Denman.
nee for the lower house of the Legisla
ture, and there is likely to be a shout
from the district, "Stay there, Hennes
sey:"
FORM LEAGUE
TO AID POLICE
Owing to numerous attractions no
session" will be held to-day, and the
encampment will reconvene at • 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
The constitution of the encamp
ment was so amended that the next
Grand Encampment will be held on
the second Tuesday in October. Thi*
was for years the regular time of
meeting, but owing to the presence of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge in this
city this year the constitution was
so amended that both bodies might
convene at the same time. Next year,
by virtue of the amendment, the
Grand Encampment will meet In San
Diego on the second Tuesday in Oc
tober. *
During the afternoon the encamp
ment was visited by Past Grand Pa
triarchs A. M. Bain and Thomas
Dryden of Kansas, P. H. Mulcahv ot
Nevada. B. H. Kohoern of Milwaukee,
Mayor J. F. Hutchinson of Janesville,
Wis., and Harry W. Leuders of Ta
coma. Wash. All made brief ad
dresses, which were responded to in
a fitting manner by Grand Scribe
William H. Bames.
We are pleased to state that the financial
ttauding cf this Grand Encampment is raost
satisfactory- The bocks of the Fraud scrlb*
and grand trtasaier have been thoroughly
examined. They are neatly and correctly kept,
and we coincide with former finance commit
tees jn testifying to the ability and services
cf cur gTainJ scribe and frrand treasurer.
VISITORS SPEAK.
The finance committee found all the
books correctly kept and concludes
its report as follows:
The grand trustees' report is very
brief. It says that satisfactory bond?
have been received from the grant!
scribe, and grand treasurer, and em
bodies a list of the property owned by
the Grand Encampment.
Balance 1.953 90
Total balance en har.i
Aurust SI. 1901 H.477. 13
There Is alto in bank the Kirn cf $>M SO to
the cre-lii of tht Bates fund.
Balance 12,523 23
Receipt*, rsileape fund %3. 503 60
Disbursements, mileage fund. 1.551 70 *
The officials assembled in the Empire
parlor of the hotel. A volunteer Mili
tant staff in full dress uniform marched
to the Maple room and formed a cres
cent, then proceeded to the Marble
room and back to the Maple room,
where the reception took place.
For more than an hour the long line
moved slowly, each member in turn of
ferine congratulations to the grand sire
and his wife. After paying their re
spects the company scattered about the
parlors. New « friendship were made
and the ties of o?d ones more strongly
linked. L5?ht refreshments were served
and the reception proved one of the
most enjoyable events of the first days
cf the gathering.
Grand Sire John B. Goodwin and his
wife were the guests of honor at a re
ception given last night by the mem
bers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge and
representatives of tho various lodges of
Odd Fellows in the Marble and Maple
rooms of the Palace Hotel. Prominent
members, accompanied by Jadies, were
present to pay their respects.
The hour set for the reception was 10
o'clock, but it was after 10:30 before
the line began to form. When the long
procession started to wend its way
through the corridors and" brilliantly
lifrhted rooms it presented a pretty pic
ture. Patriarchs Militant, with their
purple plumes and gold braid, walked
side by side with ladies in elegant even
ing gowns; veteran Odd Fellows who
had done their duty well walked with
youths just climbing the ladder of the
order. AH were happy and a spirit of
good fellowship was predominant.
The Consul says that a tooth may !
be painlessly extracted, with none of
the after effects on the system, by j
shutting up the patient in a dark room !
and exposing his eyes to a blue light j
of sixteen candle-power for three*
mirrutes. causing him to lose all sense 1
of pain, although at the fame time
retaining his senses.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2O.^After
three yeiirs of patient research two
professors of Geneva. Switzerland,
have discovered a new anesthetic,
which promises to revolutionize the
practice of dentistry. In reporting to
the State Department Consul Leifeld.
at Freiberg. Germany states that
finding that the nervous system was
influenced by colored light, the pro
fessors soon perceived, after experi
menting with each hue, that blue had
an extraordinary effect of soothing
the nerves.
Year* of Research by Scientists Re
snlls in Di>co\ery of a Wonder-
ful Anesthetic.
PRACTICE OF DENTISTRY
3IAY BE REVOLUTIONIZED
Palace Hotel Scene of
a Brilliant Re
ception.
Henry C. Devighne was with LJllie
Moore at the time of her death and
before the Coroner's Jury he testified
that he was simply a friend of the de
ceased. Now, according to statements
of Moore Devighne was the husband
of Lillie Moore. To substantiate hia
statements Moore brings letters writ
ten to him by Devighne from thi3 city
filled with alleged false statements
concerning his wife's death.
Four years ago Devighne carae to
this city with the woman. He immed
iately took up a course of medicine
at Hahnemann Hospital College and
graduated from that institution last
month. Mrs. Devighne or Miss Moore
went out nursing in the country.
Periodically she would come to
town and always would take a room
at 1926 Market street. Here De
vighne always visited her. Here in
the house on last April 5 she ¦was
suddenly taken ill. and after lingering
in terrible agony for several hours sh*
died. Deviehne arrived on the scene,
but she was unconscious. He took
charge of the remains and buried the
body in Mount Olivet Cemetery under
the name of Lillie Moore. Early this
month he left the city, stating to his
friends that he was going to Oregon.
Moore says he believes Devighne had
a wife living at the time he married
Lillie Moore.
David J. Moore of Brockton. Mass..
has come to this city to look into the
cause of the death of hia sister, Lillie
M. Moore, who died here last April.
supposedly from effects of accidental
poisoning. Moore has very different
theories of the case.
HIGH OFFICERS OF THE ORDER
OF ODD FELLOWS WHO WERE
ELECTED YESTERDAY.
Two new booths were installed yes
terday and opened to the visitors.
They were San Mateo and Alameda and
are* both in the center of the north
wing of the main floor. The visiting
Rebekahs were not long in finding the
headquarters of the two counties, and
many stopped there to register and
enjoy their hospltalitv.
Mrs. Ella Van Court and Mrs. Nel
lie Stickney were prominent among:
the ladies who assisted in receiving
the visitng Rebekahs.
During the afternoon session of the
Rebekahs the military council of the
Patriarchs Militant held a session in
the headquarters at the east end of the i
Pavilion. Changes of the style of uni- j
forms was one of the subjects brought !
up for discussion, and it was decided j
that the regulation United States army j
cap should hereafter be used by all j
lodges. The per capita tax question was
settled by voting an assessment of 25 ¦
cents per head. The grand parade, to j
take place Friday, was also informally j
discussed. The department of Callfor- i
nia met and elected for the position of j
vice president Colonel C. H. Wever. and i
for treasurer Major Charles Benedict, j
Throughout last evening's entertain- ;
ment there were a dozen members of
the Fire Department on duty to prevent
smoking and to keep an eye on the in- j
flammable material with which the Pa- j
viJion 5s decorated.
The afternoon was set apart for the I
reception of the past grand presidents ;
of the Rebekahs and the headquarters j
in the south wing of the gallery were J
crowded with ladies and their Invited
guests. Mrs. Dora Gardner officiated '.
and was assisted by a corps of mem- '
bers of the order. The following past j
gTands -were present: Mrs. Nellie '
Mitchell. Miss Fannie Benjamine. Mrs. ;
Olive Allen, Mrs. M. Karsner. Mrs. j
Caroline Hoxett. Mrs. Belle Savage,
Mrs. Helen Carpenter, Mrs. Marlon .
Greenwood. Mrs. Mary T. Lyon, Mrs. j
Gertrude Moreland, Mrs. Ada Madi- 1
son. Mrs. Elmer Johnson. Mrs. Mary ]
Hawley and Mrs. Jennie Katzenstein. ]
Vocal solos were rendered by Miss
Juliet Grennlnger, Mrs. Grace E. Mc-
Phail and Mrs. Katzenstein. The park
band furnished instrumental music
for the promenade concert. Refresh- 1
ments were served in the first recep- j
tion room in the east end of the gal- j
lery. .
TWO BOOTHS INSTALLED.
the relative merits of the women and j
the men as "good soldiers."
MILITARY COUNCIL MEETS.
The reDort 'of -Grand** Treasurer
Charles E. Benedict shows a neat
balance on hand. It Is summarized as
follows:
Receipts, ceneral fund $6,600 07 .|
Disbursements, general fund. 4,076 S*
The year 1903 was most prosperous, as the
net gain of MS show?, but the twelve months
erding Ju-e 30. I'JQt. break th» record, show
ing a net increase of 540. ail of which. I am
sure, will be hailed with delight by this grand
body and Its subordinates
FI.YANCIAI, STANDING.
an3 other p:-;nt*. I have been much pleased
with the rractical re-yults.
Th» visits of one eacaaij>n:»Et to another
and th* con'trrins of decrees by those visitors
have aJeo been edvantaeeous. and I again
earnestly urte she benefit of bringriag to the
public notice, and also to the notice of "the
lodge member*, the t-eautlts of the encamp
r.-.trw brar.th.
Workmen from her husband's factory
rushed to the scene and the woman
was restored sufficiently to tell what
had occurred. The men set to work to
rescue the child, whose body, being
light, had not sunk entirely. Several
men sank, but were rescued by their
companions, and finally the child's body
was recovered.
The little girl was at play only a few
feet from home, near the shore of the
Sound, when she stepped into a murky
pool left by recent rains. The water
was only three or four feet deep, but
the bottom of the pool was quicksand.
Mrs. Kinley rushed to the spot to
snatcn her daughter from the water,
and was horrified to see her slowly
disappearing in the sand. The woman
screamed and then swooned.
NEW YORK, Sept- 20.— "Within sight
of her mother, who was powerless to
render assistance, the four-year-old
daughter of James Kinley, a manufac
turer at Port Washington. L. L, was
swallowed up by quicksands to-day.
Her mother fell unconscious and is now
in a critical condition.
Falls Into a Shallow Pool and
Slowly Disappears From
View.
BABE SINKS IN QUICKSAND
IN SIGHT OF MOTHER
MOORE HINTS
AT FOUL PLAY
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Growth of the Order
Gratifies the State
Grand Bodv.
Women Reign and
Men Pay Them
Homage.
On motion of Thomas Eapan all the
seminations were approved with the
exception of that of John J. Hennessey.
Thirty-second Assembly District. There
Is an inference that Hennessey was not
on the "Flate" prepared by the friends
cf the administration in the City Hall.
A delegate from the Thirty-second
a c ke-i: 'Have we not the right to
choose our own Assemblyman?" Eagan
'did net dispute that right, but insisted
that his motion to approve the other
nominations should be submitted. In
<;uiry is to be made to ascertain wheth
er Hennessey is a good cnion man. He
is en the ticket as a full-fledged nornl-
Other Assembly district delegations
vre given further time to nominate.
The Seventeenth Senatorial District
convention, consisting of delegates from
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
Assembly districts. rer>orted the nom
ination of Frank A. Markey. No other
Senatorial nominations were made last
right, but it was common gossip that
the Nineteenth District would nom
inate R. J. Welch, the Twenty-third
Georre B. Keane and the Twenty-fifth
John H. Nelson.
HE\NKSSEY\S CASE.
Assembly as follow were reported:
Twenty-^-phTh District. William Mind
han: Ttreoty-nlnth District. John A.
Cizllar.: Thirty-f.rst District. Charles A.
Blakroa: Thirty-second EMstrict. John
J. Hennessey; Thirty-seventh District,
Jer*r.::?h DtDoo; Forty-first District,
Peter Crovter.
D*Tr.:>crats— Frank J. Murasky and
Cbsrta T. Ccnlan.
Republicans— James L. Gallagher and
B. W. Burchard.
The report at the committee was
a-i'7t<rd -nith a rush. Cries came from
the gallery. "What's the matter with
"Walter Ga!:agner?" but the chairman
r-aid no heed to the outside tumult. In
due fern the secretary was directed to
cast the ballot for the names recom
mended.
The chair de-clared a recess of thirty
Uilautcs in order to afford opportunity
for helling the Fourth Congressional
District convention.
When the- delegates were ca'ied to or
der after the recess ihe nomination of
Edward J. Livemash for Congress.
Fourth District, was rervjrted and ap
prrved.
The chair requested Senatorial and
AFs*>mb]y district conventions to report
their nominations. Nominees for the
All the delegates were invited to at
tend.
The chairman called for a report
from A. Ronc-ovieri. Thomas Eagan.
Jcs*-> Brills. D. C«n!ey and M. Bollo.
& committee appointed at a previous
s'-zsicv. of the convention to recommend
nominees for Judges of the Superior
Court. Th« report, which was imme
diately presented, s^et forth that the
committee met at the City Ha'.l and
deemed it proper to recommend two
Democrats and two Republicans. an3
accordingly the following recommenda
tions were submitted.
SIPCK1OR JUDGES.
adjourn it be in respect to the memory
cf deceased. The motion prevailed by a
rising vote. The funeral will take place
f--iay from the •undertaking pariors of
Craig & Cochran. Golden Gate avenue.
Delegates to the Union Labor party
ccr.verticn of San Francisco met at
Picr.eer Hall last night and proceeded
to the ncninaticn cf tfce above ticket.
Chairman J. N. Copus at 9 o'clock
c£"ci tfce convention to order. Dele-
E£t» Bowie;: cskc-d rcrrr.ission to retire
from the rxjsition cf secretary of the
ccnver.*:cn. His resignation was ac
cepted. Jarr.es de Succa announced
that eince the previous session cf the
convention Joseph Millmore had died.
>lr. de Succa. r>aid a tribute to the
Ticrtit and character of Mr. Millmore.
B.r.'i moved ihat when the convention
Con^rrs*. FonrtJj District — Edward
J. LiTcmash.
Superior Judges — Frank J. Muras-
L>. diaries T. Conlan. James L». Gal
lMgber, D. \Y. Barf hard.
State Senator. Seventeenth District:
Frank A. Marker.
Ak&embl ymen :
Twenty-ei^bth District — William
Mindhan.
Twenty-ninth District— John A.
Cullan-
TliirtT- first District — Charles A.
Eiskron.
Tfiirty-*eeond District— John J.
Hennes>rv.
Thin>-se%enth District — Jeremiah
Dillon.
Forty-first District — Peter Crowley.
Cook left his shop at 12:15 o'clock, as
was his habit. During his short ab
sence the place was thoroughly ran
sacked. The thief got away with a
quantity of watches, watch cases, rings
and brooches. A suspicious character
was seen loitering in front of the place
by a Greek fruit dealer near Cook's
store. The man walked away and the
fruit seller paid him no further atten
tion. The street was crowded, and a
man seen unlocking and entering the
jewelry store would not have been no
ticed. >
The thief failed to get a number of
diamonds which Cook usually had in
the showcase. Yesterday these jewels
were left in the safe, as Cook had help
ers cleaning hi3 store in the morning.
Cook suspects a former clerk of his,
Benjamin Martin. Martin left him some
weeks ago. Cook declares that Martin
robbed him of X3G0. There is now a war
rant out for Martin, and Detective E3
Gibson, detailed on the case, is anxious
to find him.
The jewelry store of F. L. Cook. 1712
Market street, was robbed yesterday
noon of stock valued at J3500. No one
saw the burglar, who unlocked the
front door of the establishment with a
skeleton key whi!e Cook was at his din
ner. The police were notified when
Cook returned at 1 o'clock. Detectives
were immediately detailed oa the case,
but no clew was found.
Livernash Is Indorsed for
Representative-Democrats
and Republicans Are
Chosen for the Bench
Valuable Diamonds, How
ever. Are Left in Safe and
These the Robber Over
look? — Police Find No Clew
"Hotaling has been in the city for
several days, ostensibly to see the
World's Fair, but it is hinted that Miss
Bates is the real attraction for him.
Since his arrival here he has been a
regular attendant at the Imperial
Theater, where Miss Bates is playing,
and last evening, with a party of
friends, occupied a box. Miss Bates,
as soon as the play was over, left the
theater for her mother's home on Tin
dell Boulevard, where Hotaling is a
guest.
"Miss Bates is a native of California,
and for some time the report has been
current on the cc-ast that she is to be
come the wife of the wealthy bachelor.
who has known Miss Bates for several
years and for whom he expresses the
highest admiration, and it is generally
understood among Hotaling's friends
in San Francisco that the marriage
will take place upon the expiration of
Miss Bates' contract with Belasco."
"Notwithstanding the reticence of
Miss Bates and Mr. Hc-taling. the re
port is given general credence by the
attaches of the Imperial Theater, as
well as members of her own company.
"Further than that Hotaling declined
to discuss the subject. Miss Bates,
¦when seen, refused to say anything,
but the statement was made by mem
bers of her company that even if the
report of the engagement were true.
Miss Bates could not do otherwise than
deny it. because of her contract with
David Belasco.
"Richard M. Hotaling. wealthy club
man and bachelor of San Francisco,
¦who is said to be engaged to marry
Miss Blanche Bates, now playing at the
Imperial Theater, refused last evening
to affirm or deny the report.
" 'I know the San Francisco papers
have been gossiping about it for
some time.' said he. 'but. so far as I
am concerned, I must refer you to Miss
Bates.'
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20.— The Republic
says :
VSES STOLEN KEY TO
UNLOCK FRONT DOOR
WASHINGTON. Sept. :0.-That no -
¦ army officer be permitted to marry .
• ur.til he has first c-bta:i;ed the permis
; Eioa of the Secretary of War and satis
fied that official that his income is suf
, ficlect to support himself and family,
; and that he is entirely free from debt,
: is the recommendation made by Major
! General Henry C. Corbin. adjutant
I general, commanding the Atlantic di
| vision and Department of the East, |
i Tvhich. -was issued at the War Depart
ment to-day. Regarding marriages in
the army, General Corbin says :
I desire to reiterate in elect »ha.t I have *
i fcrn-.erly said en this subject, which state- \
*o*a&. however, has fceea misread, misquoted >
ar.J tn:su=iiemo<xi.
Xarr-.iffe c- ancy cfScerj irto have made i
T.C- provision for assumics the responsibilities '
thereior Is hurtful, both to the array and to i
the cftcers i±u=zstlves. To this broad state-
Beet there tie. cl course, exception*, as there
ere to &'.: tread statement. Lut the general j
- z ~ remains that ccr army is cvtrurrifi. i
1 h« pay of a rufcaitern officer is barely ersousa <
for his proper support a=d the expenses cf his i
e-ou:jn;ect and ucifora. Ir to this is aii-i !
tr* i=e\it&b3« exj*::se attached to a family !
:t is sot caly probstle. but almost certain '
that when aa officer strikes h'.s balance at '
nh* end of the rear he -ar!:i be behind it he !
ha* 20 i=ccs:e tut his pay.
Th*t & baeatlrr officer is mere valuable to
tfce service than a Banted officer dc-e* not '
fellow. 2or do I wish to be understood as so
amytag. bat the married efficer is Jess valuable 1
'¦'¦ ra niarryinr, he has not exercised that '¦
prudence uhich thcu!3 govern a.: trassa^tieia I
ia life.
Farther on in his report General
Corbia says:
I a^n firmly cf the opinion that no officer I
rhould enter the marriage relation without !
frst K«:tiny authcrity cf the V>'%t Department, ;
sa.1 that as a. ne-eessary condition thereto that j
hi3 iEccme a:t?r marriage will be suificect to >
r-j-ert hi=ise:r and fan:iiy. ana above all. if !
he is to live on his r*y. he ihoald state ca
fecner that he is fr?» frcni debt. ¦ }
General Corbin favors the re-estab- '
lishm^nt of the canteen, and says:
If :t were r>o?sib:e by my act to absolutely :
Btof> the us« of intoxicatirs dnnks of any '
k>-i I wcuid do so; if tt were possible by i
r=.- act tc- irevect the use by any person in j
tb« mSBtarj service of istoxicatlas driaks I i
¦ft-culd d; t-o; but. realizing- that the Impossible. '
h'.wev*r dcsiraile. must give way to what i« j
I^ssible and practicable. I am firmly of the '
opinion that it would be ia the interest of
d:s<.iphne to re-establish the canteen, recos
*xz'-r-g that in this way the use of drink can
General Corbin strongly advocates '
the increase of the coast artillery by
at least one-half and the raising of the I
pay of the noncommissioned officers
and o-f such privates In me service as :
have shoTvn themselves qualified as ex-
I-ert artillerists. He recommends that
th? district commander of artillery be
Dot limited to the command of any ar- i
tiilcry posts and that artillery com- j
manders be authorized to allow repu- i
table citizens to sse a portion of the
fortifications.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
Refuses to Discuss the Re
port and Refers All Ques
tioners to the Actress
Believes Officers Whose In
comes Are Not Large
Should Remain Bachelors
CONGRESSMAN AND
JUDGES ARE NAMED
Convention Shows That 3Iost
of Work Had Been Done
in Advance by Committees
That Respected the Slate
Bold Burglar Steals .$3500
in Jewelry From Market
Street Shop While the Pro
prietor, F. L. Cook, Dines
TO DICTATE IX LOVE
CLUBMAN IS EVASIVE
General Would 3Iake Secre
tary Taft Cupid in Chief
for the Regular Army
St. Louis Newspaper Com
ments Upon Mr. Hotalinpr's
Attentions to 3Iiss Bates
LABOR'S MEN
NOMINATED
FOR OFFICE
THIEF GETS
RICH BOOTY
AT NOONDAY
CORBIN FROWNS
UPON MARRIAGE
REVIVES RUMOR
OF BETROTHAL
LABOR OF NATIONAL AND STATE ORGANIZATIONS
OF ODD FELLOWS IS INTERSPERSED WITH SOCIAL
EVENTS THAT ENTERTAIN VISITING THOUSANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1004.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jjftWjSv Drawn Butter Sauce. fil
fe^^jffn '¦ I Jf» I Materials: — Two tab^pocr.fu** j^T|L
of flocr, four tablespoonfuls of but- £{yg
t:r » ont F nt bo3iag water, cs; tfSa
•~Jp^lJ5\^^YI tcaspocnful cf «a!: f dash cf cave—:. S5»|H
Lea it Perrins'
Jautv |
THE ORIGINAL. WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning : — It takes a genks to make a sauce. The housewife
who dares not consider herself a genius stirs in three
tablespoonfuls of Lea (2- Perrins' Sauce and awaits
with complacency the compliments she' knows
• . 2 JOH.V DCNCANS SOSS, A(tats, KIW TOtK.
AD VERTI SEMEXTS.
(Good Pocket Knife]
I ful'y ruarantee this Knife to be
a tiptep vmlne f^r S1.OO- Tour
choir*- cf *hap#» *nd rtyle of hai:dl»-
BAZOBS — Good ones as low as
SI .OO. Elad- of twst steel, and will
aold etfre.
STAB 8ATETT B.AZ0B — Reduced
fresi J2.00 to f61.1*."». Easy price.
Essy shaving. Try one.
Full line cf Cutlery of all hlrh-
jfrarle standard makes, including Sti-
letto.
Two bars Williams* Shaving Goap.
1 !»«*•
Razors rround arid Hcsicp,
2.1c
Mail erd»rs rroispOy CUM.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The StaUoner.
. »0O3 atARKET STBX*V^,-rp. Tltth.
SAN FRAN/CsCO.PETALUMA. Sept 20.— A. M.
Phalin, for eight years School Superin
tendent of Contra Costa County, died
in this city to-day. He came here a
week ago on business and was stricken
with paralysis. Deceased taught
school In Contra Costa County for
twenty years. He was a prominent
Odd Fellow • and his home lodge at
Concord will have charge of his fu
neral at the place. Phalin was a na
tive of New York, aged 70 years. He
leaves no relatives.
Death Calls an Educator.
RICHMOND, Va,, Sept. 20. — The
Supreme Grove, United Ancient Or
der of Druids of the United States,
met In biennial session here to-day. It
is understood that San Francisco will
be the next place of meeting.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAN FRANCISCO TO GET
NEXT DRUIDS' CONVENTION
IDENTIFIED AS LENTHOU— Lcuis Hoda
railed at the Monrue yesterday and identified
as tUat of F. I^nthol the body of the man
•who Jumped oTT Vailejo-street wharf last
Monday morning with a paving t<tone tied
around hti waist. I>?nthol was a native of
Fwltserland and a cock. He told Uoda on
Sunday that he had noth!ng to live for and
that be Intended to throw hlmeelf into the
tajr.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 20. — Queen
Wilhelmina reopened the States Gen
eral to-day. In the speech from the
throne the Queen said the home in
dustries of the Netherlands were not
competing satisfactorily with foreign
enterprise and that the finances of
the Dutch industries and the Nether
lands needed strengthening. The
Queen announced also the forthcom
ing introduction of bills providing for
old age pensions and higher education.
QUEEN WILHELMINA
OPENS PARLIAMENT
M. Baraett, president of* the Pied
mont Improvement Club, addressed
the meeting. The officers of the Mas
ter Builders' • Association are: Presi
dent. P. H. Pinkerton; vice president,
P. J. Brophy; secretary, F. J. Wilson:
treasurer. C. W. WllWna.
There Isn't one single Item In these eleven
projects that you cannot vote for honestly and
conscientiously. We are going to have a blr
parade for bonds Monday evaalng. Every man
In the city who believes In this city should
be In line that night. »u°uia
In opening the meeting President
Pinkerton said the purpose of the ses
sion was understood. Without pre
liminary he introduced P. M. Fisher,
principal of the Polytechnic High
School. Mr. Fisher recalled the fail
ure of the city to vote bonds for parks
at Adams Point a few years ago.
Professor W. E. Gibson spoke on
"Greater Oakland, a City Reaching
from Alameda to San Leandro," and
G. W. Langorj claim that the bond
scheme would benefit all sections of
the city. _
Edwin Stearns, secretary of the Board
of Trade, said:
I am for the bonds. So far as the Central
Park* r 11 • Is concerned, let any man look at
the elte. Go for yourselves and see. That is
the way to -settle It. If you do go you will
not only vote for it. but will call your friends
to vote for that Item as well as every other
A park is one of th« very few things In the
world which benefits the poor -man equally
with the rich. The poor man gets this benellL
but he does not have to pay for it.
The Master Builders' Association of
Alameda County heard a number of
prominent citizens to-night at the as-
BOciatlon headquarters, 425 Fifteenth
street, on the subject of the proposed
bond issue. P. H. Pinkerton, president
of the association, was chairman.
Strong ' speeches, advocating every
item of the project, were made. Stress
was laid upon the importance of the
bond scheme as affecting the status of
Oakland as one of the progressive
communities of the Pacific Coast. Note
was made of the benefits which would
be derived from the expenditure of
52,490,000 among the people of the city.
The park urojects were given special
attention.
ALAMEDA. S«?pt- 20. — While riding
his bicycle at a fast clip early this
morning, Frank Gottsteln, a newsboy
12 years of age,* collided with a cart
driven by Peter Lane on Railroad
avenue, near St. Charles street, and
cusUJned injuries that may cause his
death. Throe of the lad's ribs were
fractured and the lungs punctured.
Dr. A. A. Stafford, who is attending
the patient at the Alameda Sanitari
um, says that the little fellow's
chances of surviving are about even.
Boy Bicyclist Injnrcd.
Michael Moore made an unsuccess
ful attempt to destroy his family last
night at his residence, 51 Shotw'ell
street. Moore was frenzied with drink.
Because his dinner was not cooked to
suit him, he pulled a revolver out of
his pocket and fired four shots through
the door of a room where his aged
father/ and mother and other members'
of the family were seated. .
Moore then left and was arrested by
Patrolman James Doran and locked
up in the Seventeenth-street police
station. He recently returned from a
sea voyage and bears the reputation
of being the black sheep of his family.
Michael Moore Finds Fault With Din
ner and Fires Four Shots at
Father anil Mother.'
INDORSE BOND SCHEME.
DRUNKEN MAN ATTEMPTS
TO MURDER HIS FAMILY
OAKLAND. Sept. 20. — In order
to 'pet. S500 from the estate
of his grand-uncle, George W. Burn
ham, who died recently at Berkeley,
George Walter Bootes changed his
najne to that of George Walter Burn
ham by the grace of the Superior
Court to-day. He Is 18 years of age,
and by a provision of his uncle's will
if he thought enough of him to change
his name for that figure, well and
jrood. The uncle, however, thought
that 5500 was enough to pay for a
name even after he was dead, and al
though he left an estate valued at
about $17,000, this was all the boy
can get.
Georee Walter % Bootes Becomes
Grarce Walter Bnrnliam for the
Sum of $500.
CHANGES HLS NA3IE
FOR CONSIDERATION
At the meeting of the Police Com
missioners last night a communication
was read from the Chinese Consul
General protesting against the alleged
invasion of- low opium Joints and dens
by guides and patrolmen with parties
of visitors and strangers.
Commissioner Howell was loudly
cheered by a contingent from Carville
when he announced that he would op
pose the granting of a liquor license
to Newton C. Terwilliger or to others
on the ocean boulevard. Action on
Terwilliger's application went over.
The licenses of Charles A. Neuman
and Joseph Espittaller were revoked,
as the police found evidence that they
purchased quantities of stolen cigars.
Chinese Consul General Appears Be
fore Police Commissioners With
¦.¦ . "' . a Complaint.
The crews of the two cars held up
were brought down here to-day and
they agree that Hall answers the de
scription of the man who robbed
them. Hall had a hearing before Jus
tice Booth this morniner and was com
mitted to await the action of the Su
perior Court. He says he spent Sat
urday night, the occasion of the last
hold-up,- in Oakland, but cannot tell
where. He Is a waiter by trade and
according to his statement arrived in
San Francisco from the Lucin cut-off
last Thursday.
SAN 1IATEO, Sept. 20. — James
Hall was caught by Deputy Sheriff
Bartlett and- Constable Sheehan at 2
o'clock this morning robbing the meat
market of Brady, & Schick. He an
swered the published description of
the highwayman who recently held
up the cars of the United Railroads
and is believed by the officers to be
the man.
San Matco Officers Arrest Thief at
Work and Believe He Is Street
Car Banfllt.
THINK' THEY HAVE MAN
WHO HELD UP CONDUCTORS
OBJECTS TO STRANGERS
VISITING OPIUM DENS
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Sept. 20.
To the accompaniment of stirring
words the shore blocks were knocked
from beneath the Republican ship in
Lorin Hall to-night and the voyage be
"gun over the political sea. It was the
formal opening of the Republican cam
paign in Alameda County and 300 men
and women saw it.
The meeting was held under the aus
pices of the South Berkeley Republican
Club. R. E. Nickel, president of the
club, presided. The speakers were J.
R. Knowland, nominee for Congress;
W. H. Waste, nominee for the Assem
bly; Supervisor John Mitchell, Trustee
R. C. Statts, Charles E. Thomas and J.
R.Lord. ' ' •'}•¦'' f ¦*'¦¦¦ r •-
In his opening remarks Knowland re
ferred to the necessity, of immediate
registration and complimented the
South Berkeley Club upon its efforts
to get every man In line. Continuing
he said:
The campaign will open formally for us on
October 1. It seems to me that the burden
then will be principally with the Democrats.
They have not found one good reason yet why
there should be a change of power. • That Is
very discouraging. Indeed — for the Democrats.
But U's hard to find vulnerable spots in the
armor of a party that has ruled as splendidly
and faithfully aa the Republican party, fulfilled
all Its promises and given the country what
It needs more than anything else— prosperity.
If the Democrats could promise us prosperity
and convince the people that they would keep
the promise, they might win. But they cannot
do this.
In closing, Knowland pleaded for the
re-election of State Senator J. R. Lu
kens and Assemblyman Waste.
The De Koven Club and Frank Argall
assisted with songs, while pipes and
tobacco helped to make the gruests of
the club feel at home.
Brief Items.
OAKLAND TO HAVE SUNDAY PAPER.—
Oakland. Sept. 20. — F. R. Porter, publisher
of the- Oakland Echoes, a weekly paper of this
city is preparing to begin the publication of a
Sunday paper, which will be known as the
Sunday Morning Echoes.
SUES SUPERINTENDENT OTT. — Oak
land, Sept. 20.— Suit for $5000 damages was
begun to-day against Superintendent of Streets
Ott arid his bondfimen for damages sustained
by Mrs Rose McQueeney, ! who alleges she
stumbled over a plank obstruction left on A
crosswalk.
WILL JOIN INTERNATIONAL UNION.—
Oakland, Sept. 20. — The Longshore Lumber
Handlers' and Tallymen's Union of Oakland
ha» voted to affiliate with the International
•Longshoremen's Union. A proposition to.af
filiate with the State Federation of Labor was
voted down.
LEAVES FAMILY NOTHING.— Oakland,
Sept. 20.— By the will of the late Aaron.Wil
liams of 6091 McCall street, filed for probate
to-day he leaves his entire estate to the Rev.
James Campbell of 610 Folsom street, San
Francisco. He says his wife has plenty, of
money and his three sons in Australia are In
dependently wealthy.
' SUES STEPDAUGHTERS.-^Oakland. Bept.
20.— Sarah L. Bump has begun an action
against Sarah A. Dean and Jessie H. Thomas.
as executors of the estate of her late.Jiusband's
will, to show cause why they have not paid
her $125 a. month alimony as ordered by Judge
Greene. Nelson Bump her husband, died and
left a 950.000 estate to'hls four daughters by a
former wife, and. pending a will contest, Mrs.
Bump eecured an order for a widow's allow
ance.
DARKNESS BRINGS INSANITY.—Berke
ley. Sept. 20.— James Hlckey of West Berkeley
secured a warrant In Justice ! Edgar's court
this afternoon for the arrest of his eon. Michael
Hickcy, on a charge of Insanity. The father
says his eon has threatened several times to
kill him with an ax. A strange feature of
the youth's mania, according to the father's
story. Is that he manifests a desire for blood
only in the night time, being ' apparently do
cile during the daylight hours.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. Sept. 20.
—The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Otto J. Lercher,
over 21, anu Ada M. Lewis, over 18. both or
Oakland; Louis J. Oksen, 25. Oakland, and
Helene M. Valentine, .20, Haywards; William
McNaraee, 36. and Coral Randall. 23. both of
San Francisco: John Daly. 46. and Cassle P.
Cantelou 30. both of San Francisco; John F.
Martin, 20. Newark, and Rosle Silva, 21, Cen
tervllle; Henry E. Hoffmann, over 25 and
Georgle A. Fulton, aver 21, Alameda.
CONFERENCE REAPPOINT8 JENNESS.—
Berkeley. Sept. 20.— Out of deference to th«
wishes of the conjrnpgatlon the Methodist Con
ference has reappolnted the Rev. Charles K.
Jenness to the pastorate of Trinity Methodist
Church, the largest Methodist organization in
Berkeley. Dr. , Jenness will now enter upon
the sixth yea r of his pastorate here.- In order
to relieve him of some of the burdens entailed
by an Increasing congregation, the conference
has also appointed him an assistant, the Rev
Mr. Kennedy.
IMMIGRATION
IS DECREASING
Fiscal Year's Eeports Show
Falling Off in Spite
of the Ocean Eate War
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New Postoffices — War Department
Orders — Patents Issued to In
ventors In This State.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— New post
offices have been established at Wind
ham, Alaska, Ira B. Taylor, postmas
ter, and at Rawhide, Tuolumne Coun
ty, Cal., Julius Alender. postmaster.
The proposition of George E. Lund to
rent room for postoffice at Fruitvale
was accepted, and of James C. Lyons
at Juneau, Alaska, :
Orders of the War Department — Par
ley V. Christensen, Hospital Corps,
will be discharged from the army un
der the provisions of i general orders
No. 4S. Private Davbi-.F.- 'Murphy,
Company F, Third Infantry;'. at Van
couver Barracks, Washington,' will be
sent to the Army General Hospital.
San Francisco, for treatment by' X
rays. Colonel Charles Smart, assistant
surgeon, will proceed from San Fran
cisco to Hot Springs. Ark., for- treat
ment.
Among the patents issued to-day are
the following: California — Harry L.
Alkus, C. A. Sinclair and W. T. Krtg
baum, Oakland, collar; James N. Bos
tick, Fresno, Cal., book clamp; John L.
Buckingham, Laton, cultivator; Ed
ward' J. Griffiths, assignor to Grif
fiths, Los Angeles, heat and smudge
composition;, Abel Henning, assignor
to Dowey Navigation and Trading
Company, San Francisco, gas meter
diaphragm; Charles B. Huffmaster.
San Leandro, steam dome and breech-
Ing; Arthur P. Simpson. Sacramento,
assignor one-half to B. H. Castle, San
Francisco, adding and recording ma
chine; Perry J. Waller, Los Angeles,
pump piston; Arthur D. Whittemore,
Redlands, tank car Indicator.
WILD PLANS OF TWO BOYS
FRUSTRATED BY POLICE
Weapons and Tobacco and
Start on Trip. .
Alameda Incorriffibles Lay h> Stock of
STOCKTON, Sept. 20. — George Kull
and Walter Pyne, aged respectively 10
and 12 years, two Incorrigible run
aways from Alameda. were arrested in
this city thl3 afternoon. The little fel
lows ran away yesterday and started
out to do things on a • grand scale.
George stole $30 frbm his mother and
the two boys .went to San Francisco.
There they purchased two 22-caHber
rifles, and took the boat for Stockton.
They arrived in this city this mbrn-
Ine and started in to buy the - city.
They bought another rifle. ' two tin
watches and brass chains, pocket
knives and a number of trinkets.
When arrested: the youngsters were
filling clay pipes. They had $1 50-l«ft.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— In spite ot
the ocean rate war during the last few
weeks of the fiscal year ending June
80, there was a decrease in immigra
tion in 1904 of 44,176 over the previous
year.
Commissioner General of Immigra
tion Sargent points out that while
there has been a decrease in immi
grants from other countries, those
coming from England arose from 26,219
in 1903 to 38,626 in 1904. This is regard-,
ed as showing the trend of a better
element of immigrants coming "to this
country-
The total of all Immigrants for last
year was 812.870. against 857,046 for 1903.
The country sending the greatest
number of Immigrants was Italy, for
both years. That country. Including
Sicily and" Sardinia, contributed 230.622
in 1903 and 193,296 in 1904, a decrease
this year of 37,326.
Austria-Hungary followed ! Italy
closely with 206,011 for 1903 and 177.156
for 1904.
The total immigration from Europe
in 1903 was 814,507, as against 767,933 in
1904, a decrease of 46,574.
Asia In 1903 sent 29.966 and 26,186 In
1904, a decrease of 3780. . V,
CONTROLLER PUBLISHES
LOCAL BANK REPORTS
Will Fight Pear Blight.
SUISUN, Sept. 20.— In response to
the netition of the fruit irrowers of
Solano the Board of Supervisors, to
day appointed a county board of hor
ticultural commissioners. consNtlrie
of H. C. Blake, H. G. Boyce and J R
Chadbourne. This action Is the re
sult of the menace to pear trees from
the disease known as pear blight." The
commissioners will make prompt 'and
careful inspection and if the disease- is
found will endeavor to check it befor»
any . destruction results therefrom.
At National Instltntions in This City
on September 6 Individual De
posits Amount to $26,404,426.
WASHINGTON. Sept- 20.— An ab
stract -of reports made to the Con
troller of Currency showing the con
dition of national banks in San Fran
cisco at close of business on Septem
ber 6 makes the following:
Loans and discounts f 27.145.225
Money reserve In bank, gold coin.. 8.C6.;.107
Total specie 7.422.471
I.otral tender notes 7.445,410
Individual deposits .' 26.4O4.42fJ
Percentage of legal reserve to de
posits S6.57
Antomobllist Reaches Count.'
VANCOUVER, B. C. r8pp%: ' 20 —
Chafrles Gliddon. , who is maitins a
tour of the world In an automobile
has arrived here from Boston, vfa
Minneapolis, having made an averae*
of twenty-three miles an hour :Ha
was twenty-eight days. In. making the
run from . Minneapolis to Vancouver
Shortly before the County Clerk's
office closed last evening Robert H.
Countryman, an attorney, representing
Frank A. Maestretti, Hied a suit to re
cover 5175,000 from M. H. de Young,
proprietor of the Chronicle. . Maes
tretti claims he was damaged to that
extent by alleged libelous publications
in that paper.
At a meeting of the Grand Jury last
night It was decided by that body not
to start an investigation regarding the
alleged election frauds at the recent
primaries. Foreman. LilUenfeld said
the Grand Jury would riot Interfere
with the Merchants' Association in the
conduct of the case. Fairfax Wheelan
and Frank Symmes appeared before
the grand Jurors, but were not sworn.
A ¦ number of witnesses from the
precinct where Charles Wyman is al
leged to have used Illegal methods at
the primary election were present to
give their testimony. S. H. Mann,
whose name is alleged to have been
fraudulently voted,, testified that he
did not vote at all.
Fight Against Alleged Violators
of the Law. -
3Ierchants' Association to Conduct the
OAKLAND, Sept. 20. — A citizens*
corr.nittee, composed of M. J. Keller,
Theodore Gier, D. C. Brown and D.
F. Oliver, requested the Board of
Kducation last night to make changes
in th^ call for competitive plans for
new school buildings. Oliver, as
spokesman, declared that there was
no intention to cast the slightest
doubt ai»on the integrity of the board,
but he thought some errors had crept
into the call that had debarred many
architects from submitting plans.
He advocated the selection of a com
mittee of architects to advise with the
board in the selection of plans. Oli
ver also favored a stipulation that
Fueces5ful architects should be as
sured that they would be appointed to
superintend the work.
Objection was raised because the
board had made an allowance of only
one premium for accepted plans. This
point. Director Hardy asserted, could
not be maintained, as the law re
stricted the amount which could be
appropriated.
Touching the alleged boycott of the
competition by the American Institute
of Architects, Director George Ran
dolph said he believed the board
would have no trouble in getting
plans.
President Wilcox said the board
would stand on whnt It had done.
Committee Waits on Board of Ednca
tion Touching Complaint of
Arcliitects.
GRAND JURY WILL NOT
PROBE ELECTION FRAUDS
FTVDS FAULT WITH THE
COMPETITION ON PLANS
BELGRADE, Servla, Sept. 20.— The
representative of Prince Ferdinand of
Bulgaria at the coronation of King Pe
ter here to-morrow arrived at Bel
grade to-day, accompanied by 400 Bul
garians.
- The royal insignia at 5:30 o'clock this
afternoon was solemnly conveyed from
the palace to the cathedral, where it
will be guarded through the night by
soldiers. The procession passed
through the principal streets, headed
by a cavalry officer And two heralds
and followed by a detachment of
guards carrying the King's standard
and the crown, orb and scepter, borne
respectively by the Premier, President
of the Skupshtina, War Minister and
President of the State Council, in state
coaches. The body guard company of
the guards brought up the rear.
The regalia was received by the
Metropolitan and three Archbishops,
who placed it on the' high altar and
consecrated It according to the ortho
dox ritual. Onlv invited guests were
admitted to the cathedral during the
ceremony. The regalia is simple. The
scepter is ornamente'd with one large
diamond.
Soldiers Guard Royal Insignia Which
Will Be Used In the Cere
mony at Belgrade.
KING PETER OF SERVIA
TO BE CROWNED TO-DAY
Kepublicans Hear Stirring
. Words in Support of Their
Cause and Its Leaders
BERKELEY OPENS
PARTY CAMPAIGN
A bond rally was held at Idora Park
to-night under the auspices of the cam
paign committee of the Progress Fed
eration. A. V. Feight, a member of
the campaign committee, acted as
chairman. Among the speakers were
F. A. Stearns, John A. Brltton, Dr. E.
H. Woolsey and H. C. Capwell. All
spoke strongly in favor of the bonds.
The land contained within these park
grounds boundaries is much more desirable for
development for park purposes than would be
tn* elevated portions of the Sather tract, which
are not included. It takes In Indian gulch,
with thousands of flourishing trees (some of
which are of great age), and on either aid*
extends along, the hills to a height sufficient
to giv« a view for many miles; the valley
lend Is remarkably rleh, aa It contains the sur
face washings for years from the hillsides;
the present volume of flowing water can be
developed, without doubt, to an extent suffi
cient for all of the requirements of th» park;
the valley Is wide enough to permit the con
struction of winding, shady roadways and
paths, on which f20,000 has already been ex
pended: It is so sheltered that wonderful re
sults may be attained In the growing of tropi
cal plants and shrubs; tha tract Is so near the
city as to be easily accessible and In every
respect it Is an ideal site for Oakland's main
park. As for the price — a little more than
$1000 an acre — the land Is worth every cent
of that sum. not for residence sites, or for
vegetable gardening, or for orchards, or for
herding sheep or cattle upon, or for general
agricultural uses, or for the erection thereon
of stores or factories, but for the exact, precise
and specific purpose for which the enterprising,
loyal ambitious, far-seeing citizenship of Oak
land design buying it, to-wit for the creation
of pleasure grounds which will. In the com
ing y«ars, b* one of the most highly prized
of their possessions, and that of generations
yet to come.
The opponents of the bonds are also endeavor-
Ing to make such capital out of the fact that
the Realty Syndicate reserves the right to
build and oi>erate a railroad line across the
extreme eastern end of the tract. It Is well
known that one of the enterprises contemplat
ed for years by this remarkably enterprising
body of Oakland men is the extension of their
«lcctrlc car system to San Jose, passing along
the northern boundary of Oakland. The fa
mous Forest Park, at St. Louis. Is traversed
by steam railway lines and It affords a pleas
ing entrance Into that city from th« west. An
electric car line crossing Oakland's proposed
park and reaching down to Santa Clara Coun
ty 1 ¦ chief city, would be. not an Injury, but
a material advantage to the park.
It has been suggested that a grand basket
picnic be arranged for next Saturday after
noon at Central Park In order that th« peo
ple may «e what a choice location has been
selecfd for a park by the City Council.
Certain It Is. that If this Is to be done many
votes for the bond proposition will b« gained
thereby. It should be remembered that this is
the only large park site possible of acqulre
niTt by Oakland for a park with trees and
a water -apply, without going a long distance
Into the country. ,
The Progress Federation has issued
a statement in regard to the proposed
bonds for parks and improvements, as
follows:
The statement is made by the opponents of
the bond proposition that the choice building
sites of the Sather tract are outside the
boundaries of the proposed Central Park. That
statement la correct, but Is In no wise an
argument against the purchase of the park
site. It is not building locations that aro
o>s!red for pleasure grounds, but variety of
landscape, vistas of woodland, fertile soil for
the growing of plants and shrubs, lawns and
flowers, and a flowing stream.
The Progress Federation has ar
ranged to allow all people of Oakland
to visit the proposed park site. All
who wish will be supplied with tick
ets at the Board of Trade rooms, 510
Twelfth street, and transportation will
be furnished from the end of the
Fourth-avenue car line to the park
and back.
The charges that have been made
that the site offered to the city aa
Central Park Is not what it Is repre
sented to be are to be Investigated by
a committee constituted of the busi
ness representatives of' the city, which
will make a report on recent bond
Questions.
There was a general meeting at the
Board of Trade rooms this morning of
representatives of all professions and
lines of business in Oakland. The
meeting was called ; to order by- Judge
John Yule, an attorney by profession,
and M. J. Keller was elected chair
man. Upon the motion of BL B. Bel
den it was decided to ask the follow
ing organizations in Oakland to each
appoint a committee of three to in
spect the proposed park site and make
an official report upon its value and
availability before the bond election
on Tuesday next: The Progress Fed
eration, the Board of Trade, the Mer
chants' Exchange, the Real Estate
Dealers' Association, the bankers, the
landscape gardeners, the trades unions
and the representatives of the local
and San Francisco papers.
Oakland Office San Francisco OaU.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 20.
- Mrs. Bertha Williams,' 23 years old,
became a thief to-night to save herself,
and infant from starvation. With her
husband in the County Hospital, the
destitute and desperate young mother
stole a $5 gold piece from Fred Hen
sel's residence at 867 Campbeir street.
Charged with the theft, the young wo
man at first denied it. Her accusers
called the police and Mrg. Williams,:
with her nursing baby, was sent to the
City Prison. Sobbing and broken
hearted, the frail little mother unbur
dened herself to Captain, of Police W.:
J. Petersen. To him she readily con
fessed her guilt and restored the stolen
gold piece, which she had hidden in a
shoe. :
"For days I walked the streets with
my babv, looking for work," said Mrs.;
Williams, "but I could not find a place;
where 1 I could take my baby, and 1,
will not part with my child. I was
worn out, exhausted and didn't know
which way to turn. I knew the Hen
sels and had worked in the house. The
purse was hidden under a mattress and
I knew It was there. My baby must
eat and I was desperate. There were
three five-dollar gold pieces in the
purse and I took one of them, hiding it
in my shoe.
"No. I don't want to go to Jail, but
perhaps it might be Just as well. I
would get something to eat there, any
way."
So strongly did the story appeal to
Captain Petersen that he arranged
with Police Judge Mortimer Smith for
the young woman's release on her own
recognizance. She lives at 1420 Elev
enth street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept 20.
The case went to pieces through the
failure or Mrs. Annie Larsen, residing
at 103 S Fifty-eighth street, to appear
as a witness for the prosecution. She
had been subpenaed to testify concern
ing some of Mrs. Mein's belongings
that had been left at the Larsen resi
dence by Grace McNaughton, who had
bc«n a guest there after she left the
Mcin home. Mrs. Larsen's absence
was explained by a physician's certifi
cate of illness. Whether her evidence
would hold the girl was uncertain.
The District Attorney said a tech
nical case had been made out, but In
view of the possibly long delay in Mrs.
Israeli's Appearance he did not feel
that the case could profitably be
taken before a Jury-
Miss McNaughton, it was an
nounced, would be taken in charge by
her relatives and would, to all Intents,
be placed on probation. The dismissal
of the case. District Attorney Allen de
clared, did not preclude the possibility
of further prosecution if that course
should later be considered necessary-
Chief of Police Hodgkins testified
this morning that at no time did Miss
McNaughton make any statement to
him that might be construed as a con
fession of guilt.
Grace McNaughton. charged wl£h the
theft of finery from MrtL Thomaa
Hcin. by whom she was employed as
a maid, was «et free to-day on motion
of District Attorney J. J. Allen- In
dismissing the case t Justice James G.
Quinn said it seemed evident that Mrs.
Mein had relented In the prosecution.
The fact that at best a doubtful case
on technical ground had been made
out against the girl contributed to the
action that was taken.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 20.
Berkeley Office San Frand«co Can.
2148 Center street, Sept. to.
In defiance of the warning published
by the ' Students' Affairs Committee,
last night, the sophomores mixed arms,
legs and heads with the freshmen to
day in a fight for possession of ballot
boxes at the University of California,
Out of the melee came some wrecked
polling places, some broken furniture,
a few bumped heads and any number
of water-soaked students. The fight
was so hot that one youth fainted from
over-exertion and had to b« carried off
the field by his comrades and treated
by a physician.
The "rough-house" started soon after
the poljs for the freshmen election
were opened this morning. Immedi
ately sophomores sprang up from all
around and charged the ballot-boxes In
North HalL A big crowd of freshmen
was on hand, ready for Just such an
emergency, so that there was no hesi
tancy in beginning the row. In the
preliminary skirmishes the freshmen
were successful, a circumstance that
so angered the "sophs" that they
brought up reinforcements, in the hope
of finally overwhelming their enemies.
The "freshles" were prepared for this,
too, and they called on enough reserves
to helpUhem hold the fort.
As the day wore on the fight grew
hotter. Fire buckets and hose from
the corridors of North Hall were
brought into play by the "sophs" and
the freshmen were soused. But the
election went on in spite of water and
broken furniture. Bevan Jones, a
freshman, fell in a faint during one of
the scrimmages and did not revive for
an hour. A sophomore, who tried to
cut the hose, was arrested by Police
man Killon, but the crowd wrested th«
prisoner away from him. When the'
polls closed the freshmen spirited the
ballots away and counted them without
further molestation.
For violating the order of the faculty
committee a number of students are
likely to be dismissed. The order
reads: "Any forcible interference with
the peace of any student, the destruc
tion of property or any disturbance
within or afound any of the buildings
or halls during recitation hours is sub
ject to punishment."
The freshmen elected the following
officers: President, Charles R. Brecjc:
first vice president, Francis "White: sec
ond vice president. Miss Fredrica M.
Judy; secretary, Miss Sturgess; treas
urer, Howard Gaines; sergeant-at-"
arms, Oscar Kittenbach.
The contract between the county of
Alameda and the Ransome Construc
tion Company for the building of the
scenic boulevard between this city and
Haywards was signed this afternoon
by John Mitchell, chairman of the
Board of Supervisors, and the presi
dent and secretary of the company.
Thus the last obstacle to the road be
coming a reality was removed. Work
is to be begun Immediately.
Accompanying the contract is a bond
of $25,000 for the faithful performance
of the work given by the Ransome
Company, with the Title Trust and
Guaranty Company as surety. The con
tract was let for $300,000, and is for a
road twelve miles long arid 100 feet
wide. The drive follows the contour of
the hills at an elevation of about 200
feet, and gives a splendid view of the
country.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept 20.
Part One — Music, "Hall to the Chief,"
orchestra; calling: of meeting to order and
presentation of United States Benator Cteorse
C. Perkins as chairman by A. Jonas, president
Merchants' Exchange; singing, the Quartet;
address, Geors* C. Pardee. Governor of Cali
fornia; address, M. C. Chapman, representing
Union League of Oakland; address, H. C.
Cai.well, president Oakland Board of Trade;
address. Benjamin Ide Wh«eler, president
University of California: address, C. w.
Petry, president Central Labor Council; song.
"Auld Lang Syne," quartet, audience Joining
in chorus, with orchestral accompaniment.
Part Two — Music orchestra; address, war
ren Olney Mayor of Oakland; address. Rev.
C R. Brown, pastor First Congregational
Church* address Robert M. Fitzgerald; ad
dress. John Ellsworth, Judge of Superior
Court; singing, quartet; address, A. A. Moore,
representing the bar of Oakland; address.
John P. Irish, United States Naval Officer;
response, Victor II. Metcalf, Secretary of
Commerce and Labor; singing, "America,
quartet,"^ audience and orchestra.
An informal reception on the stage
will follow the programme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 20.
Arrangements are'now complete for
the reception to Hon. Victor H. Met
calf, Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and Labor. It will be held
at the Macdonough Theater next
Thursday evening. The executive com
mittee has completed the details of
the programme.
The meeting will be called to order
at 8 o'clock by A. Jonas, president
of the Merchants' Exchange, and at
the close of the exercises an Informal
reception will be held on the stage.
The entire theater will be open to the
public with the ' exception of the
boxes and the seats in the orchestra,
which have been reserved for the la
dies who accompany the "vice presi
dents.
The complete programme Is as fol
lows:
Miss Lottie Quinn. who was returning
from. San Francisco, was standing In
the forward car when the shock came.
She was hurled over several seats. She
was found unconscious In a mass of
debris. Her wound3 are Internal and
may prove serious.
Bert Nichols, a Wells-Faryo clerk,
was struck by an exploding fire ex
tinguisher and thrown many feet, sus
taining sever© cuts on his head. En
gineer "Wlllard was bruised about, the
head.
FRESNO, Sept. 20.— The Southern P»
clflo Fresno passenger train, due here
at 3 a. m., was wrecked early this
morning at the edge of the Fresno
yards by running into a line of flat cars
which had been left on the main track.
The passenger train was going full
speed and the engine wfes tnrown from
the track by the collision and over
turned Into a ditch. Several flat cars
were. splintered. .
Engineer "Willard Jumped from bis
cab before his engine overturned, but
Fireman Jack Madden was pinioned
beneath the engine. For two hours the
crew worked like demons clearing the
debris to extricate him. He was in
constant danger of being scalded by
escaping steam or burned to death, as
,the oil from the engine was in a pool
beneath him. His escape with only a
broken ankle was marvelous.
P^eclaJ Plr^atrh to T!ia CaJL
Supposedly Strong Witness
for Prosecution Unable to
Appear at the Examination
Governor Pardee, Senator
Perkins and Many Others
Are Down for Addresses
Free Tickets Are to Be
Provided for All Who
Desire to Make the Trip
At First Denies Her Guilt,
but Finally Breaks Down
and Tells Pitiful Tale
Chairman John Mitchell
Closes the Deal With
the Construction Company
When University Policeman
• Tries to Arrest Fighter
Patriots Wrest Him Away
Fireman Is Pinioned Under
Locomotive and a Woman
Traveler Is Badly Injured
TO ESCAPE STARVATION
ONE WAEEI0E FAINTS
MBS. MEIN IS FORGIVING
PUBLIC TO VISIT SITE
BOND IS SATISFACTORY
MANY ORATORS TO TALK
LEAP SATES ENGINEER
Sophomores and Freshmen
Fight All Day Over Bal
lot-Box in North Hall
Progress Federation Makes
a Statement Regarding
Parks and Improvements
Young Mother, With Hus
band in County Hospital,
Takes One of Three Coins
New Cabinet Member Will
Find That Oaklanders Are
Eager With Their Welcome
Last Obstacle to Building of
Oakland-Haywartls Scenic
Driveway Is Overcome
Grace McXaughton Is Dis
charged on Request of
District Attorney Allen
Fresno Passenger Train Col
lides With Freight Cars
and Ungine Is Overturned
ACCUSED GIRL
GETS FREEDOM
BOND ELECTION
STIRS PEOPLE
METCALF DAY
PLANS READY
SIGN CONTRACT
FOR BOULEVARD
STEALS TO SAVE
LIFE AND BABE
STUDENTS DEFT
FACULTY RULES
FOUR ARE HURT
IN RAIL WRECK
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
•SAN RAFAEL, Bept 2O.i--The body
picked up. in the bay between Point
San Quehtin and Point San Pedro last
Saturday night, .was identified to-day
by- Philip .Walsh, an Oakland attor
ney, ; as that ¦. of his brother, Frank M.
Walsh. The deceased was a- sign
painter by. trade and for some time
had been a resident of San Francisc —
Remains Are Identified.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 20.
Btmr Arcata. Macgenn, 60 houra from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 48 hours. ¦
' Fr bark Anjou, Le Tellec. 145 days • from
Swansea.
G«r stmr NIcarIa, Ruberth. 123 day* from
Hamburg. ¦.
SAILED. . • .
Tuesday, September 20.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, for — — . . .-. ,
i Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. "
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA — Arrived Sept 20^Stmr Uma
tllla, hence Sept 17.
Sailed Bept 20— 8tmr City of ,Pu«bla,'-for San
Francisco. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 20 — Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam: stmr Island, from Co
penhagen; stmr. Ethiopia, from Glasgow; stmr
Vaderland, from Antwerp. . . .
Sailed Sept 20 — 8tmr Kronprlnz Wllhelm.
for Bremen; stmr Noordam. for Rotterdam;
stmr Auranla, for Liverpool.
• GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Furnes
sla, from New York.
BREMEN—^Arrived Sept 20 — Stmr. Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grouse, from < New -York. .
• ... . . ? . < _¦
THEATRICAL SOCIETY.— Oakland. Sept.
20. — Articles of Incorporation of the Oakland'
Theatrical Mechanical Association were flUd
with the County Clerk to-day. ;• The purpbee
of thft organization . Is the moral advancement
of the profession and to take care of sick and
distressed members and bury them when dead
The officers are: President.' H.-. B. 1 Forbes
vloa president. George Williams; recording ae c'
r«tary. W. T. Home; financial secretary. j. j
Matheaon; treasurer, W. A. Dougrlas; trustees'
j. J. Atkins -S. Glider. B. E. WelieVwYw
iockwood. M. D. Hall. ¦' ** W ' W -
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA
sufferers, read what
«nd CLYCOZONE have done for a
celebrated jourxahst in one week.
riot Charles Mirchaad. *
llear Bin Oacwec k'ttr^ »t»-nt with yo-.r Hydro-
ccae JLnd Ulfcoxaoe not on! y reliered but absolutely
tooifdwi a cond.-tioa ofecrema that has wotried and
perplexed toe for tbt past tern year*. Your* very truly,
Jokcpta Uoward, Jr.. jjo Na**a<> St., N. Y.
Free trial bottles of Hydrozone and
Glycozono Beat on receipt of 35c to pay
erpressage. These preparations are harm-
less, yrt powerful irermioides, used by lead-
in* pljyslcUas. Sold by best druggists.
61-O Prtnce St.. New York.
BtndforbooUaimtUprevemHmdcwxdUems*. ?
j y ADVERTISEMENTS.
|HH8ft-T7\ of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the* rofferiri'g aod :
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of thegreai
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
•everest trial is not only made painless, but all the dano^r is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions aro
overcome, the. system is. made ready for the coming event, aad tbo
serious accidents so common to the critical ;.-/-•
hour are obviated by th« use of Mother's Hfl^vAR,. * '
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," fulNSflH^^IT^ €t
Bays many who have used it. $1.00 per iVtl V tJau^H <!/
.bottle at: drug' stores. . Book, containing. * '. .. / *"*
.valuable information of interest to all women, will fT* m-^ S '^ •
be sent to any addrew free upon application to If* H^i4*|T5(Jfi
tWADfJOD RLBlOATOn JWU, AOawity Qm. U 1 IVIttl
FREE — — FREE FREE
A", two-pound package of
PILLSBURY'S VITOS
The choicest product of the best
wheat in the world.
Made by the millers .- of : Pills- -
. bury's Best Flour.
A single package will produce
12 pounds of delicious food.
FREE WITH. WANT ADS.
See announcement on classified
page/KRATZ' BOND
IS MISSING
Fearing that her stepmother might
kill her, Celia Briseno, the 15-year-old
child of A. F. .Briseno, 604A Fourth
street, sought safety in the home of a
neighbor. The father conducts a
glass store on Fourth street, near
Brannan. The attention of Mrs. Pet
tee of the Universal Service Society
was called yesterday to the case. She
took possession of the child. War
rants for the arrest of the father and
stepmother on charges of cruelty will
be sworn to. The girl bears many
marks of brutality, which she saya
her stepmother inflicted. Her face
and arms are scarred. She says the
woman scratched her and beat her
with a Doker. She is undersized and
bent from the effects of hard, work.
Her hands show that she has done se
vere labor. The child says that she
has a sister, who Is in Oakland, de
mented from the ' effects of beatings
flven by the, stepmother. .. . . . _..
Shows Effects of Brutality.
The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Ida
Henrietta Deane, sister of Mrs. John
P. Dunning, was set for trial in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday. When it was
called Attorney Reese Clark for the
defendant, who was in court, raised
the objection that the sixty days with
in which sHe should be tried had
elapsed and further that as a motion
to dismiss the information was still
pending the court had no jurisdiction
to set the case for trial. -
The Judge overruled the objection
and Clark complained that , although
nearly five months had passed since
the defendant was held to answer by
Police Judge Conlan the testimony
taken at the preliminary hearing had
not yet been transcribed. Judge
Dunne advised him to make his com
plaint to Judge Conlan.
The case was set for. trial on Octo
ber 4, , to which Attorney Clark took
an excep* 1 "—
Her Trial on Charge of Murdering
Mrs. Ida Henrietta Deane Con
tinued Till October 4.
MRS. BOTKIX OBJECTS TO
FACING AXOTIfER .JURY
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20.— The following
visitors are registered at the California
building:
San Francisco — Miss Mary Shean, Edwin J.
Walter, Anna L. Shean, Grace Shean, Moses
Heller, James H. Flynn, B. C. Lucy, Henry
Lachman. Louis A. Miller. Herbert F. Kerns,
Charlc« F. Drew, B. S. Ansley, George W.
Filcher, A. E. Hopley, J. H. Brown, William
Heidenreich, Charles H. Holcomb. Mrs. H. F.
de Wolf, Edwin Goeller. W. S. Fulton, Edith
P. Warner, Miss Mat Pillot. Mrs. F. B. War
ner, E. L. Chesney, Bertha F. Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. William C. Morken, George H. Ful
ler,'E.-J. Edgecombe, C. E. L«e, A. R. Par
sons, Mrs. James Shean, Mrs. F. S. Pott,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Neumann, G. C. Sweeney.
Mr. and Mrs. R. J. O'Brien. John L. E. Fer
min, George Green. George Ounn, Edward M.
Gunn Daniel Gre?ne, Neft Pltsch. W. Brock
mann', E. W. Storer, Frank McElfresh, George
C. Fuller. Ella McAleer, Andrew Olsen, Mr.
and Mrs. Rolla V. Watt, Mrs. L. J. Watt,
Mrs. Alex McBean. Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Fulkerson, Miss Fulkerson, Mrs. F. Sells,
Miss Mabel Sell*. A. Pollak. Mias Faqnle
Eppsteln J. J. rflster, Mrs. JE. Carlson, Mrs.
Sarah Eppsteln, Katherine Hallahan, Mia*
Theresa McKenna, Mrs. F. S. Metfnnts.
. Los Angeles— Mrs. Will Hasoall, Edward B.
Gogerty, W. S. Sanders. E. W. Crowell, Mr.
and Mrs Charles Van -Valkenburp. Edith Pad
dison. G. S. de Garrao, Mrs. HiffRlns, Miss
A. lone Hlgglns, Mrs. George Mason, Miss
Gertrude Mason. P. W. Brady, Lyle G. Mc-
Neil, J. E. McNeil. Mr. and Mrs. B. W.
Fernald, Mrs. Burton Kingsbury, W. E.
Chamberlain. James C. Earle, Norman F.
Marsh, Mrs. M. A. Lewis, Mrs. S. E. Shep
herd, C. A. Stiles, J. E. CrandaJl, B. E.
Tesch Mrs. Llndeman. Laura Llndeman, Edith
C. Speedy, Mise N. T. Bennett, Mrs. G. L.
Giddings. W. J. Giddlnes. Lloyd R. Tar
row, L. L. Wood, J. E. Morales, Rena Davis,
Mrs. E. B. Davis, Florence Davis. Marie
Llndsey, H. L. Lindsey, Gus W. Maddux,
Miss H. T. Swanwick, E. E. Rams dell. Flora
Heffner, Charles S. Hoyt, Edward C. Amos,
O. B. Stitely. John J. Gasper, Carroll John
son. L. H. Miles, Marlon Lee Durbln, Ralph
A. Chase. Clarence F. Burton, Dr. and Mrs.
R. W. Whomes, Mary Belerly, Elbert Erwin,
Mrs. Albert Hollenbeck. Mrs. Helen M. Field,
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Clutter. E. W. Martin,
Mrs. General Otis, Mrs. Franklin Booth, Ma-
CALIFORN'IANS AT THE FAIR.
Mrs. Lizzie Maclay, daughter of
Lydia Wickersham, stated her inabil
ity to remember certain details re-»
lating to the disposition of her moth
er's estate and Frank Wickersham's
sale of his expectancy to his brother
and sisters. She had heard of the
proposition made by which Frank was
to receive $250 a month from the es
tate and $60,000 for his son when the
latter attained his majority. .The
proposition was rejected by the
other?.
J. E. Brandon of Petaluma testified
that Frank Wickersham was of sound
mind when he sold his expectancy.
Judge Thomas J. Geary, one of the
attorneys for the defense, denied a
conversation imputed to him by At
torney Francis J. Heney, in which
Geary was alleged to have said that
he suggested that Lydia C. Wicker
sham would have to make a will in
order to force Frank Wickersham to
compromise his claim against his
father's estate. Judge Geary also de
nied saying that he prepared the data
for such a will and srave it to Pro
fessor Llppet to draw up for Mrs.
Wickersham's signature. He also de
nied many other statements attributed
to him by Heney. Attorney Heney
expects to controvert Judge Geary's
testimony by going on the stand him
self.
Three witnesses were on the stand
yesterday in Judge Seawell's court in
the trial of the Wickersham will con
test, and the hearing will go on this
afternoon. Attorney Campbell an
nounced that he expected to complete
the case for the estate to-day. The
witnesses for the contestant, Mrs. Cora
Wickersham, the widow of Frank
Wickersham. will probably be heard
to-morrow. Mrs. Cora Wickersham
was in court again, and Mrs. Fred
Wickersham was present at the af
ternoon session.
Judge Geary Denies Hency's State
ments — Mrs. Maclay on the Stand.
Continues To-Day.
LAWYERS AT ODDS IX"
WICKERSILAM CONTEST
By the judgment the trust is ter
minated and James de la Montanya is
declared the owner of the property he
inherited from his father. In his dep
osition, opened in court yesterday, De
la Montanya recited his unhappy mar
ried life and said that his wife had
threatened to sue for divorce and to
cloud the title to his property. To
prevent the latter and to secure the
income to himself and children, he
had made a trust agreement that the
property was to be held for him
pending his wife's litigation. She sued
for divorce on September 12, 1900.
On the same day he signed the trust
deed and that evening departed for
France. He declared that he did not
then know that the document did not
express his intention that the trust
should terminate when his wife's liti
gation was ended. The family and
trustees opposed his suit to set the
trust aside. A suit brought in Janu
ary of last year to compel De la Mon
tanya to pay $250 a month for the
support of his children was dismissed
yesterday and the incident is closed.
The long drawn litigation over the
valuable property which James de la
Montanya placed in a trust at the
time his wife sued him for divorce
four years- ago ended yesterday in
Judge Hebbard's court by the entry
of a judgment in favor of De la Mon
tanya in the suit against his mother,
sister, two children and the trustee,
William Madden. Behind the judg
ment was a compromise effected by
Dorn, Savage & Dorn, attorneys for
the defendants. By the settlement De
la Montanya deeds absolutely to his
two children, Lorraine and Jacques,
business property in Alameda valued
at $40,000 or more and producing an
income of $250 a month.
De La Montanya Litigation
Settled by Father Deed
ing Valuable Property
GIVES CHILDREN
PAYING REALTY
rle Hosford, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Salisbury,
Mrs. E. Mulr, Francis Bacon. Mrs. F. W. T.
Richards, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel T. AHhouse,
W. S. Odle T. B. Eturgls, Mr. and Mrs. T.
J. Stephens. A. Tappeiner, Harry E- Andrews,
William Hassall, C. J. Donaldson, Mrs. "VV. R.
Bacon. Smith Bacon.
Pasadena— William A. Jones. R. H. McLarn,
K. H. Sterling, Mary Walsh. Ruth N. Sar«
Bent, B*rtha E. Sroat, Miss Frances Sanborn,
K. H. Bralnard, C. A. Wood. Mr. and Mrs.
T. P. Sanborn, A. E. Vesper. J. B. Barnes.
Orange — Mr». Alfred Huhn. William Moor
fleld Mary E. Moorflcld. Alfred Huhn.
Carpenteria — Anna Belle Oglesby, Mrs. C.
M. Mellck.
Santa Paula— E. C. Orry, J. G. Nicely,
Dr. and Mrs. J. C. Stron*.
San Dfcgo — John B. Judson, Grace E. Low,
N. S. Lowe. Georse L. Ellsworth, Edna I.
Ellsworth. Mrs. C. C. Jobes, Amy Ellsworth,
Mrs. G. L. Ellsworth.
Rlverside^ — Delia O. Hardman. M. S. Mason,
Miss Bessie E. Lucke. All Is M. Lines, J. C.
Hardman G. W. Freeman, Zella M. Jones,
Mrs. Walter S. Ray.
Redlands— Dorothy Davis, Margaret Davis,
Mrs. J. E. Davis. Mrs. G. W. Bowers.
Santa Barbara — Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Leath
erman Mrs. H. H. Vincent. H. H. Vincent.
Miss Marttha Batika. O. Artie Ledbetter, Ed
win F. Smith, is'eal Callahan, Miss Jean
netta Wetzel.
Redondo— Mrs. C. H. Sweatt, Lucius A.
Swcatt J. Eugene Sweatt. Jennie Linker.
Long' Beach — E. B. Cushman, Mr. and Mrs.
W. M. Cralsr.
Pomona — Joseph Douglass. R. C. Hill, Mr.
and Mrs. Georse J. Ladow.
Winthrop — A. S. Ferguson, Sadie Smith.
Santa Maria— Henry Gibson. T. C. Nance,
John Houk.
Sacramento — Lewis D\ Collins. Mrs. L. D.
Collins Alonzo James, J. E. Williams, Wil
liam Altemueler. James H. Scarr. Mrs. L.
Oliver. W. E. Goddard.
Oakland— Edward 11. Benjamin, Herbert M.
Barry Stanley Crellin, C. H. Parmenter, W.
F. Martin. Mrs. N. C. Novlett, Miss Lily
Alameda— Mrs. E. T. Larsen, Elfrida Buch,
Mrs. Lucy M. Slosson, Clara K. Remmel. Mrs.
T. J. Mitchell, Mary Delano Fletcher. Frank
P Furey .
£anta Rosa — Eleanor Dungan, Beulah A.
Goodscn. Nellie E. Lavell, A. G. Farley.
Dorothy Fetts. Leo Reynolds. Mrs. J. P. Fetta,
E Cole George Reynolds. B. F. Goodson.
'Mill Valley — Mrs. Charles Mayer, Mrs.
OEcar Herold. -
P»tnluma— Mr and Mrs. R. A. Unebaugb.
Mr. Llnebaugh Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Rob
cr i«i ¦ ;>_.:¦..
Clovrrdale — Pauline Brush, Mrs. W. T.
'Sixon— Jrssle McCune-Rice, Mr. and Mrs.
E D N. Lehe. Warren E. Lehe, Henrietta.
Lerre ' Mr. and Mrs. II. E. McCune, Inez Gar
ntlt, Blanche Holly.
Woe«I!ind — J F. Garrette, Miss Garrette,
Ruby Garrette, Pearl Garrette W. B. Waltch.
Vallejo— Mrs. George H. Walker. George H.
N. B. Roger*. Mrs. N. B. Rogtrs,
V "Nevada City"— Helen P. Helraney, J. M.
Murphy-
San Jose— Albert S., Bacon. Mrs. Albert S.
Baccn.
n uolllster — Annie L. Doollng, Mary E. Hud
ner.
Stockton — V. Kaiser, Mr. and Mrs. T. Mlna
ban. E. H. Milburn.
Bakersfleld — F. W. Robinson, C. A. W.
Robinson, Mrs. Lucy J. NUd«raur. P. W.
Xiederaur. Helen Niederaur, A. O. Jones, C. N.
Hlgdon. Mrs. C..N. Higdon.
Ventura— John MoFarlane. R. X. Morgan
ar.i! wife, Mr. and Mrs.W. P. McGonlgle.
siiis-jn— Hattle Sheldon. Mrs. B. N. Sheldon.
B. N. Sheldon. -= „- :
Williams •-*• Mrs. Henry HusUd, Henry
GUroy— C. L. Campbell, Mr«. C. I* Camp
bell
Miscellaneous — Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Stark
weather Tulare; Francis J. Kirk, Ocean Park:
F. P. Nicker, wife and daughter. Santa Ana:
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Lel»er. Spoonvllle: Mr. and
Mrs. G. S. Holt. Santa Monica : I. J. Leacb,
Ontario; Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Sneldel. Buena
Park' Edward Stein, Monrovia; Mr. and Mrs.
H H. Llnlrlle, Highland; Carrie E. Dwire,
Hollywood: Mrs. Adam Kabl. Merced: Nate
Hauch Alton; Mr. and Mra. J. G.Wade. Pop
lar; C. H. Van Horn. Selma; Mr. and Mrs. J.
T Curry, Johannesburg; R. G. Stephens,
Yountvllle; Mr. and Mrs. Henry Swart, Eu
reka; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Seawell. Healds-
I burg"; Hattle P. Smith, Redding; Mrs. 8. J.
Ramege, Danville; Mr. and Mrs. John M.
Dlckenson Satlcoy: John Riley, Salinas; Mr.
and Mrs. Winfleld S. Lamb, Rohnervlile;
Louise M. Roussel. Belmont; E: C." Col burn,
Loomls: Henry Meyer. Ukiah; C. W. Blevlns,
Williams: A. A. Smith. North Bloornfleld; Mlsu
Carrie ' Llnscott, ~ Watsonville; William B.
Mandeville, Sonora; H. M. '¦¦ Johnston, Fresno;
i Albert C. Harmon. Campo Seco: Mrs. F. Gie-
I seke, . Napa; J. 1 U- Summons. Cornthg; B. L.
Logan. Hobart Mills; Gano Henry Judge. Bur
bank; Edith Paddtson. Nor-walk; Mrs. Alice O.
Ellis Berkeley; Mra. Charles Mayer Jr.. Berka
i ley. ¦ ;^SBKBSHtr? ¦ '
It may save you a tap on the head
some dark night in the future, since
street lads to busy thugs do grow.
madame, will be gathered from the
noisome canneries and factories and
led into the schoolroom, where the
laws of the land demand they should
be. And thus will the kindly light of
education lead them upward to de
cent citizenship, the highest achieve
ment of any government. Success to
the Parental School! Likewise to
Principal Faulkner and to the Board
of Education that created it. And let
all men and women in San Francisco
bend their best efforts toward securing
that detention home.
pending the result of the appeal to tha
Supreme Court was the belief that ha
would forfeit his bonds.
Whiting has doubts as to the defend
ant's death. He suggested that. th«
case stand over for a few days, when
he would make a motion that the bond
of the defendant be forfeited. He be
lieved this course would rouse tha
bondsmen to prove whether or not tha
defendant is alive.
Murphy expressed the hope that am
ple time would be given him before
such a motion was made to bring for
ward witnesses to prove that the de
fendant had been drowned.
The Judge said he would continue tha
case till to-morrow morning, by which
time something definite might be
learned.. It was after the proceedings
in court that it was discovered that
the bonds were missing.
JURY IMPAXELED IN* THE
FALLOX MURDER CASE
Trial of Man Accused of Shooting: and
Killing His Wife Will Commence
This Morning.
A jury was Impaneled in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday to try tha
case of Thomas P. Fallon, charged
with "murder. The Jury consists oC
Aaron Weiner, Erland Drysellus,
George J. Berger, Louis Goodday.
August L. Zett, Louis Fischbeck.
Mark T. Cole, John Huber. Oscar
Fincke, Gustave Neuberger. Samuel
Martin and Adolph Gottschalk. Tha
examination of the witnesses will be
gin this morning.
Fallon shot and killed his wife.
Agnes, In her room at 949 Mission
street on the afternoon of April 1.
They had been living apart and eh»
had joined her fortunes with John
Fleming, a cigar dealer. Fleming al
leges that Fallon did not object to his
wife's conduct. Temporary insanity,
will probably be the plea.
Epidemic at Almshouse.
An epidemic of sickness at th»
Almshouse has aroused suspicion aa
to the drinking water there. Tha
Health Board yesterday ordered a
sample for anaylsis. The Illness that
has seized many of the city's ward3 is
not serious, but the number of pati
ents is Increasing so rapidly that
those in charge of the Institution are
confronted with a difficult problem-
Lloyd Childs, who purchased the
$140 worth of fruit that the State
ccmmlssion invested in to "piece out,"
says the task he was chosen to car
ry out was one of the strangest of his
career. The idea of buying fruit in a
distant State for the use of Califor
nia at an exposition outside that State,,
was such a strange experience to him
that he almost overlooked some bar
gains when he went down to the big
market on Third street, near the river.
The buying of this fruit is perhaps one
of the strangest things that has hap
pened in the exposition history of the
Golden State. Childs declares .that he
bought only California goods, but some
of his fellow commissioners in the
counties' displays are suspicious that
there were some Missouri peaches and
Kansas pears In the lot, and if this is
found to be true he will be tried by
the county organization for treason.
The fact that California bought fruit
for her State day in the St. Louis mar
ket was kindly overlooked by the press
of the exposition city. It was a good
thing that the fact that the greatest
fruit raising State in the Union had not
enough to supply her own wants was
not made prominent, for it would have
created an impressjpn that California's
fruit was mostly in' the jars. at the fair.
Somebody is to blame for" the oppor
tunity California has lost to again im
press upon the world the marvelous
scope of her fruit industry. The com
mission says it could not afford to
spend the monev needed to make a
proper fruit showing. It seems as if
there should be some way by which
the coffers of the great commonwealth
of California could be made to yield up
$2000 for such an important cause. The
commission also blames the growers
for not contributing fruit. It seems as
if the necessary quantity could have
been obtained if proper efforts had
been made to get it. If the growers
were reluctant to contribute fruit there
is some reason for it other than lack
of liberality. With all the fruit pro
duced in California it doesn't look rea
sonable that enough couldn't have been
obtained to give 'the State a creditable
representation at the exposition. Maybe
some of the growers could explain why
there Is such an apathy In the matter
of donating fruit for exhibit purposes.
The actual supply of California de
ciduous fruit, aside from apples. In the
Palace of Horticulture on Admission
day consisted of a few plates of pears,
plums and peaohes and six plates of
grapes, the latter from Los Angeles
County. Some of this fruit was not
above the average.
CALL, BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, Sept. 20.— For
$2000 or less California could have
made a distribution of fruit at the St.
Louis exposition that would have been
not only the talk of the fair, but of
the globe and would have done the
fruit industry in California thousands
of dollars' worth of good in an adver
tising way. In place of this there was,
as already reported m The Call, a
rather meager distribution of fruits
that didn't create much of a ripple of
excitement on the fair grounds, nor
cause the Eastern and foreign visitors
to feel convinced that California or
chards were cornucopias pouring: out
luscious wealth in unlimited quanti
ties.
To sum the whole situation up,
the fruit showing made on Admission
day will hardly sell any orchard land
in California or advance the consump
tion or prices of dried orchard pro
ducts.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Yield of Native Orchards Is
Represented by Purchases
Made in St. Louis Markets
Policeman McPhee visited the man's
hcuse Monday night and found three
"I think you are a big, healthy
bum," said Judge Mogan to Eugene
Bardon, charged with cruelty to a
minor child.
Mrs. Galvin coollv asked the bailiff
who that person was who ordered her
into that imposssible resort— the Coun
ty. Mrs. Galvin is still possessed of the
remnants of a large inheritance. She
has been arrested six times in the last
month for drunkenness.
"That makes the third time this week
that you promised to hit the highway,"
retorted Judge Mogan. "And In spite of
your promises I see you again. You
have tarried too long, Mrs. Galvin. You
might as well order your luggage
checked to the County. That will be
your bungalow. I'll tell you how long
you must stay to-morrow. Vagrancy
this time."
"I am going away from here. Judge,"
pleaded Mrs. Margaret Galvin. "I am
going to San Jose. Down there among
the prunes and dried apricots I will
spend my declining years in peace."
"Of course, we planned for the funeral
right away. But a Chinaman came to
me and said he had twenty-seven
cousins who were starving to death. I
let him have Gwendolyn at a sacrifice.
"She was old, I do not deny, but dis
eased? Never! We fed her on sterilized
grass, antiseptic oats and put camphor
balls in her boudoir. But I plead guilty.
The meat, especially in chop suey form,
was certainly unpalatable. I'm ready
for mine. Alas, poor Gwendolyn."
"Yours is a $25 fine," said Judge Mo
gan. "You should have burled Gwendo
lyn."
" 'The ax,' I cried to my little son. He
brought me the weapon. I raised it on
high. Gwendolyn smiled faintly, kicked
me in the eolar plexus and kicked the
bucket.
The original cow that furnished
cream and limburger for Noah took
up most of Judge Mogan's time yes
terday. The cow is dead. Her hoofs
are in the glue factory, her bones in
the boneyard and her venerable re
mains have been converted into chop
suey, chow yuch and other heathen
dishes. Slant-eyed aliens are perhaps
at this moment gorging themselves on
the original cow's remains.
Frank Knowls of Colma, last owner
of the historic animal, pleaded guilty
to the charge of selling unpalatable
meat. With bowed head and tears
playing leapfrog down his physiog
nomy, he murmured: "Guilty!"
'"Though the cow was old," he main
tained, "she was not diseased."
He continued sadly thus: "We called
her Gwendolyn out in Colma. The
town can hardly realize that she is no
more. She was an heirloom of my
family for years. When my father
died I let my brothers take what they
would, but kept my father's cow.
"Well, the rheumatics caught her
last winter. Her cheeks waxed pale
and thin, but all Colma thought that
her illness would be only temporary.
"I saw the poor brute stretched out in
the barnyard doing the last gasp act.
'Gwendolyn/ I moaned. She sobbed
some sobs. I saw that she was all in.
The girls are neat and pretty little
things and looked decidedly out of
place in a Police Court.
The cases of J. C. Kenmouth and
Rudelph Quallo, charged with making
Joe King look like 30 cents in a poker
game, were dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss.
King, one of the owners of the New
Western Hotel and a former Super
visor, used to think he was a wizard
when the cards and chips slide along
the green table. Several months ago
a drummer sold to Joe several packs
of cards. On the backs of the paste
boards were cleverly concealed marks.
S About a week ago Kenmouth and
Quallo got into a poker game with
King. The hotel man parted with
several thousand dollars before he dis
covered that the cards were marked.
Then he wanted about a ton of revenge
delivered at the front door. But Judge
Cabaniss maintained that the prosecu
tion, could not show any connection
between the drummer and the poker
players.
• • •
Persistence got Albert Kelly two sen
tences of six months each from Judge
Mogan. Albert removed four empty
.wine barrels from L. Jockner's grocery,
on August 13. !
Albert's ambition was not satisfied j
with emptiness. He wanted full bar
rels. He returned to the grocery Mon
day night with his wagon. Quietly he i
decsended into the basement and an
nexed two kegs of beer. Just as he
was about to drive home and start a
solo Wurzburger party a policeman in
terfered. It was hard on Albert. He
will thirst for exactly a year in the
County Jail.
Josephine and Marie Goethal, cousins,
aged 16 and 15 years, were before Judge
Conlan for grand larceny. Their era
ployer^L.. E. Boukofsky, accuses them
of looting a valuable opera hat and
cloak from his store at 1740 Bush street.
Judge Conlan dismissed Marie's case
yesterday for lack of evidence, much to
the discomfiture of Boukofsky. The
court took notice of his disappointment
and remarked about the vindictiveness
shown by the prosecution. The case of
Josephine was continued till- Septem
ber 24.
small children sharing half a loaf of
stale bread. In the larder were the
remnants of a sack of flour. While
the policeman was in the house Mrs.
Bardon, mother of the children, en
tered with a bottle of whisky.
"What was that for?" asked Judge
Megan.
"I had a cold," whimpered the
father of the children.
Then the court turned loose on Bar
dcn. "Cold — you big, healthy bum. |
Hew about those three little children?
You and your wife must have your
whisky, you bum, while those poor lit- |
tie things are dying of starvation, j
You're guilty. I wish there was a (
stronger penalty. You'd get the limit j
if there was."
"I don't know what to do," whined i
Bardon. "Even my own father threat
ened to stab me last night."
"That would be too easy for you,"
said the Judge. "You will be sen- j
tenced to-morrow, and you'll get all j
that I can give you."
And thus in time the little tykes of
tender years, even as yours and mine.
By reason of lone school residence
in a densely populated part of the
city Mr. Faulkner has grown to know
the people who dwell there, their
hopes and disappointments, their I
wants, their appetites and their ideals. !
And he likewise knows the greatest j
secret that lies in the human breast — ,
how to reach the heart of him who is '
down and particularly of the lad that's
down or who thinks the world's down
on him. the • # cop" and his father con
nituting his hereditary foes.
And this is the reason that Richard
D. Faulkner is to-day principal of
that little school of habitual truants,
forty-eight of them, who had been
•"fired" from every other school in the
city and turned into the streets for :
graduation into the ranks of "toughs," )
then thugs. ]
These lads are now in school, amen
able to the laws therein and they ac
tually attend school voluntarily each
day, aye, and did so even when the
•Jrcus was in town. too.
Among other intensely interesting
things, Mr. Faulkner said in his ad
dress:
It is not eossible to succeed with every !
habitual truant or every boy who is insub- j
'¦rj-nate or disorderly, or every one who U Ir- [
regular in attcnaance that may be sent to the '
Parental School, unless provision ig mads for
tiio detention and maintenance of some of them.
Dot the law provides for this. I know that
th* California Club Is anxious to see provis
ion made tor a detention pchool. but not more
t-o than the board and superintendent. I am
sure that you vill bear with them until they j
«'»a provide the same in accordance with law.
In fact, if you will read the law carefully
>xu will see that they are doing: all that can
b-> dune until they have furnished the Board
¦ f Supervisors with an estimate of the cost J
of purchafing a suitable site and erecting a
f-uitable buiMir.s, together with an estimate
for the equipping of— the same. In fact, tyt
fore this is done the Board of Education is
?uprv-sed to have furnished the Board of Su- j
pervisors with "all necessary and required in- ;
lormation and rtatiFtks" to prove the neces
rHy fcr the establishment of a parental
nhool and to have obtained their permission
for the establishment of the same, since the
Parental jiebool is supported by Epecial tax,
with the exception of the salary of teachers
and the exoense for supplies, such as ink.
pens, pap^r and chalk. As the board is at
present goins to practically no expense for the
r'arental School except salaries and supplies,
it mbebt be eaid that they are but making
ITeparation for the furnishing of the Board of
Supervisor* with "all necessary information
and statistics" to prove the necessity for the
< stabllshment of a parental school.
If the fan Franci«co Parental School fail*
it will be because the Board of Education and
Superintendent have selected the wrong man
for principal cf it, because they have put no
constraints cr restraints upon me in the or
ganization and development of the school. On
the contrary they are dolns all that lie* In
their rower to broaden and strengthen it.
With thib end in view, they have placed the
*t:foroement of compulsory education un
der my direction. Not as representing a
eeparate and distinct position that has been
combined with the principalshlp of the
Parental School. b-Jt as a function of the
vchool ttmU. It will be seen from this that
the fcchool does not have to deal with an Inde
pendent department of compulsory education,
administered by ix>lit!c!ans, as In eorae cities.
r>'jt is itself the director of compulsory edu
cation, with authority over attendance officers,
fcr I should say that the attendance officer*
have beer, placed under the direction of the
school. ; The school thu* becomes the center
for the "enforcement cf the compulsory educa
tion law. It has not only the power to care
for those sent to it, but it can investigate the
eourtea from which the truant, the insubordi
nate and disorderly, and the Irregular attend
and rprlng. Indeed It has the power to deal
directly with those who do not send their
children to school at all.
\ esterday the programme was in
tharge of Madame Kmilia Tojetti,
chairman of the department of edu
tation. Keports aglow with interest
*\ere presented by Mrs. Sidney Pal
mer Smith, representing Mrs. E. L.
Baldwin, and Mrs. Wallace Purmort
Ar.gelo on behalf of Mrs. Ernest
Urandt, who is jibsent in the East- So,
!oo, were reports made from each
section by its leader.
Then followed the talk on the San
Francisco Parental School by Rich
ard D. Faulkner, the principal of this
:ien- effort at educational redemption.
The California Club has rolled up
its diaphanous sleeves and gone to
work: Now, tvhen the California
Club poos to work it docs something
eooner or later. For pay what ye will.
>e tv ho are facetious, there's no
spency in San Francisco with more
potentiality for reform and civic prog
ress than this same body of women,
and this with all due regard for the
California Promotion Committee; yes,
and for the £rood Merchants' Associa
tion, for both of which, by the way,
the club entertains the profoundest
respect.
Uy Laura Bride Powers.
Though Composed of Ha
bitual Truants No Defec
tion Occui*s in Circus Week
EFFORT IS A SUCCESS
MEAGER DISTRIBUTION
Fruit-Growers Overlook the
Chance to Advertise Cali
fornia Product at the Fair
Bichard I). Faulkner Talks
to the California Club on
1he New Parental School
Frank Knowls Admits, That He Sold Unpalatable
Meat, but Maintains That the Ancient Animal
Was Healthy— Mrs. Galvin's Trip Is Postponed
WAYWARD LADS
ARE DISCUSSED
STATE LOSES
OPPORTUNITY
VENERABLE COW IS ILLEGALLY
TRANSFORMED INTO CHOP SUEY
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
This development comes- with start
ling significance in view of the doubts
expressed as to Kratz's death. When
the case was called in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday Assistant District At
torney "Whiting said he had requested
Captain Martin and Sheriff Curtis to
make a thorough investigation in re
gard to the alleged drowning of the
defendant at Long Beach.
Attorney Frank J. Murphy, who rep
resents the defendant, had no further
news to offer. From his knowledge of
the defendant he could not believe oth
erwise than that he had lost his life
while bathing in the surf at Long
Beach.
The Judge had doubts. The real rea
son why he would not permit the de
fendant's brother "William, who was
convicted and sentenced to serve five
years in San Quentln, to be at large
A sensational phase of the case of A.
A. Kratz, charged with felony embez
zlement and who It is asserted was
drowned at Long Beach last Thursday,
developed yesterday. Kratz was held to
answer by Police Judge Fritz on June
11, 1903, and his bond was fixed at
$5000. He was apparently released on
that day, as he was not taken 'to the
County Jail, and the supposition is that
Judge Fritz accepted his bond. The
bond could not be found yesterday.
It was not in the County Clerk's
office, and Deputy County Clerk Doran
said he had never seen it. Clerk
Duffle of Judge Fritz's court also -said
he had never seen It. Judge Fritz is
on his vacation, but it seems unlikely
that he would retain the" bond in his
possession for such a long period. The
question that is puzzling the District
Attorney's office is, where Is the bond?
Startling Discovery Made
in Case of Allege(LEmbez
zler, _ E eported Dro^vned
5
FREE FREE ——FREE
A two-pound package of
PILiLiSBCKY'S VTTOS
Tlie choicest product of the best
wheat ", in the world.
Blade by the millers of Pills-
bury's Best Flour. ;_
A single package will produce
13 pounds of; delicious food.:
FREE WITH' WANT ADS.
See announcement' on classified
. page. #
APVERTIS£31EXTS.
"Hrfatfcerbad beea • tnfferer from tick beulach*
fertile lut twecty-five yetrt and never 'euad act
rel'.ef ectil be b«cfca taMnc jonr Cateartti. Sinco
fee hai b«£QB ttklBff Caacireta be bas s*»t bad
tbe beadacbe. Tber baTe entirely cured him.
Catearett do wbat jon recommend them to do. I
»¦:'! t-*» you the prirtlere of nt!cc bit same."
£.11. Dlckaoa. 1121 Seclner St., 'W.ladlaaapolii , lad.
CANDY CATrUimC
T">*»»r.t. Palatable. Potent. Taite Good. Do Hood.
Nrrer £:• iten, Weaken or (iripe. 18c. Sie.Ue. Merer
aold in br.:«. Tb« t'nnlne tablet stamped C C C.
Ooaxaoteed to eoie or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.V. 59!
AKHUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
()vi8iT DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
4MUSEUH OF ANATOMY}
O (3- i:niartxr:r.ttt.8:tj;:Li.8.7.:i:.
\ 9? ke L»-» «»t ABCtMBinl Kcii'j> In tk« v
/? £^L?r? DR * JCRBW-D!SU.E8" OF MEN 6
A I TjWI Tr««o»eri |>«rr;«B«I .y er br \rrttr. Kg
f ( grql fMnw Varna e»try amrd.tnktt. T
A r If HA w r.*r lor Bo^c. FltLtlorBT «f A
{/ I jt AM lAnnucE, MAiiaa rut. ( a r
\ ft /L *».i.ib:« boec «»r aira) \
Q db. JOBD1H A CO.. JMI Market Ht..S. T. Y
n*<v^>^^>
-BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I B A OKEUT UESTOHATIVE. 1NV1GOKA-
• tor arid Nervine.
The most wcr.derful tphrcxilsiac and Special
Ionic fcr th« Sexual Organs, fcr both sexes.
The Mexican Jltmdy tor . Di»ea»*» of tht
Kldeer* «n4 EUdo>r. E«IU on 1U own mertta.
NAEEF, ALTS It BKUNB. Ag-enta.
S2S Market «t.. S. F.— tBend for Clrculara.) ;
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIOM. \ THEI^ITORIUM.
Figured ¦- Toilet Z
Silkoline j(P Jf* f i. J * • ¦ - Article ";
80 a yard Savings \
A very opportune ule thl.-in CAL1FORN|A , S / *=*• *£*» D '' I*«* Tooth P£ g
time to make your new com- —^^ MOC
forters cr re-cover the old ones; ' "Uj^ii^^^^^AMEBICA'S GBANDEST STORS 15c tis; Dr. Packer** Tir Soap JT
betides this material is good for iSc **
all kinds of drapery, etc. It Stran«rS while in San Francisco should make it 15c Vel« Combination Toilet I?
. is a full yard wide, Oriental
designs, floral patternj, dainty a part of their plans to visit and explore this store, one / ' * * ' * * * *. " " oo '%
.tripe, and conventional designs, of the i £ and finejt in Ameri «. f. reqaire , DezT ]y 75C^ £ * L F1 ° nda J*^ g
worth 12J2C a yard; _ b . /* . t-OO
to-day only . . ... O(r tCIl acres Of floor Space and-from IOOO to 200O Pmaud's Imported Perfume*, all Jt
Plain Burlaps— 36 inches wide, workers (according to the seasoa of the year) for the '° don ' °^ n " ," S0 ° %
vard • IKn j rv u- u -m£j 25c «« Rog« & Gallet's popular %
yara . . . . .... . f oo conduct of this great business. Here 70a will find odors Scap, 3 for . . . 65o •*
Swiss Muslins — Strip:*, spot* everything to eat, drink, wear and use in the largest 12-inch Emery Boards, package '2
and figures, yard . . . 12%O jo o * *n*> *5
.,,.• _ ... . , ." * assortment to be found west of the Mississippi and at *."!*" 1. auo .j
White Bobbinet, 54 inches wide, •• 50c size Creme Rhea . . 40 O «
yard 25o lowest prices good merchandise can be sold for. ji.oo size Crems Rhea . .85o 3
- ]x
Street Suits Some Useful Household Articles, Very £
*£«*> t-ff± Specially Priced To-Day. %
%J) mmim%9%M V." •""*•'; _ .*
I In III ffi \ l0ng> thC Skift l ~* SC *° M °* k T ° Wel Rack fof kitehea 6—5I.OO Hatand Coat Racks, oak, fitted **
/ I ' 1 i|||y \ the new round roller towels fSO with 5 large movable hooks . . 68O %
'^>|j () lilvW /l en 8th. We 2— 25c Bird Cage Hook, nickel plated, 7— 50c Butcher or Kitchen Knife, is- %
s * ir P/ V j|| m/^ ave these Canbe USCd f ° r ° ther F ur P° SCI • • 1O<* inch bIade » h! S hl y tempered »t;d. 2O C •*
— ¦j;**' pretty Suits 3— 50c Drying Rack, X arms, hangs on S — 25c high-grade steel nickel-plated •*•
„ . , , . wall, folds ap 22c Nut Crackers J5o %
in all sizes; every one of them . '°° *,
perfectly modeled and Well 4 ~ !* e WOod "° rn T ° Wel Rack '" Ie -Mr.. Roger,' perforated rttianed oak- £
v ' J ., . P rI « • IOC handle Cake- Beating Spoon. . . IOC «
tailored. If you want a cheap 5 _ 2Sc nickeI . pla ; ed mettl Towel Racfc> IO _ ISC Tack Pul]m ' |
and gOOd run-abOUt SUit See sale pric fQo Giant" nail puller. 8O %
these at §12m5O "— 4 OC Kitchen Set; fork, cake and fish turner and cake beater, with oak h»nd:«, 25o {|
_ 1 *
Box of Good Sale Gas Globes Groceries -Liquors i
Stationery 1Oc 39c, 33c, 19c, We cSKSK J .!*S J 2lS^ *
5000 boxes, containing 25 sheets If you need new modern Gas very b<s:, ib. . . .: 2Qo %
hiah grade writing and 25 new Globes for a single room or an Oy»te«-choke Cove, d«. 95c; i *
shape envelopes to match; f nt . lre house.it will pay you soup's-ixL/campVir. '„ w.'g. m. ; $
... -.. .... to investigate our to-day s of- dcz. 95c: 3 tins 25o «
white or the new military gray fering> Cornpare price ; with com-Be^iaine for the z da,., tin./2c S
tints; to-day only, per box those your plumber asks: Corn-Be* Western, doi. esc; « 3 -£
fOc tins 25o x
«%*w p anC y Shape Globes— Tinted red to Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti; box '%
yellow; pretty for parlor Or halls; gm £% 2OV 35
LOnSdale MUSlin instead of 6oc each, to-day. . . 39C Whole Wheat— Or Graham flour, 10- •£
¦»•— *)«..» A M f» •*!/** Imitation Cut Glass Globes- J b • Mck - • ¦ • • •>. *
TO- Day Only 7%2C Faney .hape and frosted; instead __ Washing Soda - 25 lbs. for 25o X
ThiS is the genuine LOnSdale ° f 5°c each, here to-day for .. 33C Cutter Whisky-Or SUkwood, bottle J
that always sells regularly 10c Fancy Engraycd Globes -Nice de- • ' — cherry WinY-'s bottle, £
the yard; positively not one 'S^-Tln? 19c ' 9tMO $
\j-zrA will -hA* «n1H ' tn Hpalpr<; " ***** Geneva Red Cross Gin — Bottle . . . S3c »
yard will^ be sold to dealers CIcap G|ags G , obcs _ Imitation white Label stour- Dozen. . . .s%85 *?
at TO-aay S Sale price, J1g% glass, never less than 20c each, # _ Sauterne,RtislingorBurgundy,gal.650 3»
yard M 2*" "!= p™=e to-day ItC Kentucky Belle Bourbon— Gal. . .$2.OO 5
; g j I?
; ADVEBTISEMrjPnrS. . n r r^ r -
A Wireless Message ffi£*
-to* . \Jg fj
\^L $12-00 and Upward
'- SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
- 4,5 POST. STREET.ADMINISTRATRIX CITED.— Judge Coffey
has cited Isabella V. ¦ Pomeroy : to show cause
why she should not be removed : as adminis
tratrix of the estate of Aristide Paul Heitx
berg. Mary Strehl. who In a legatee with Mrs.
Pomeroy. charges that the latter has neglected
the estate. She also says that Heltzberg left
f 18.123 61 In bank, which the administratrix
Included In her Inventory of the estate, later
claiming the money as her own.
«AN DIEGO, SepL 20. — Harold
Carlson, a Los Angeles boy, was a
youthful stowaway on the Santa Rosa,
which arrived this morning from the
north. He. slipped aboard last night
at Redondo and the steamer was too
far, on her way to sea to set the
youngster,i ashore when he was dis
covered. Upon arrival here the boy
was v turned over to . Chief - of Police
Thomas, ... - .:
Youthful Stowaway Caught.
• WILLOWS, Sept. 20.— A disastrous
fire visited' the town of Elk Creek yes
terday. It was first noticed in a 1 paint
shop adjoining the livery stable : . of
Henry Miller. The employes directed
their attention to ' saving the stable
property, which they succeeded in do
ing, leading out eighteen horses and
most of the i stable equipment, but the
building was a complete loss, • as was
also the paint shop, a blacksmith shop
and several' small . buildings.
Serious Fire at Elk Creek.
SUE LOS ANGELES TIMES— Another libel
suit has been begun by Gray Brothers, the
defendant In this Instance being; the Times-
Mirror Company of Los Angeles. G. F. and
H. N. Gray allege that they have been dam
aged In the sum of I50.0CO by the publication
In the Los" Angeles Sunclay Times of July i
of an article from the paper's San Francisco
correspondent headed "Hand of Unionism l«
at the Throat of San Francisco," The com
plaint aays that the article «u damaging in
Us Intent to set forth that the Mayor Ab«
Ruef and others, had united with Oray Broth
ers to form a corporation. ; the object of which
Is fraudulently to furnish cement and crashed
xock to the city.
The overdue . ships are* the Bardowle. out
161 day*, reinsurance 8 per cent: Crown of
Germany, 63 - days, reinsurance 5 •. per cent,
and the ship Moll ere, 65 days from DorL with
miaauraac* at 6 per cent.
Fred Bates, working aboard the ship Ori
ental, was knocked down by a hawser yes
terday arid his right kneecap fractured.'
Captain Drew of the bark Andrew Welch
«« robbed Monday night as he lay asleep In
his «Uiteroom aboard the vessel. A gold
watch and 123 were taken from the apart
ment by some one who opened the locked
door with a false key.
Th« British ships Alice A. Leigh and Gal
gate, which have t>een anchored at Sausalito
for almost two years, will sail for Newcastle
Australia. In ballast.
Water Front Xotes.
GAME LAW VIOLATORS CAUGHT.^-The
Flch Commission has secured ' the • conviction
of R. Birch of West Berkeley on the charge
of shipping undersized bass*. The fish ¦ were
consigned to local market men. A. Paladini
was fined ?20 by Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
having undersized bass in his possession. Jus
tice of the Peace Cbthran of Los Banos has
fined A. Toccogondl $23 for shooting ducks
during the close season. ' Justice of the Peace
Browne of Vallejo has held Andrew Peters to
answer before the Superior Court for catch
ing Palmon during the close season.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has received a letter from Thomas
Richardson, manager of the Commer
i :al Club at Portland, Or., saying that
there will be ample accommodations
i:i the hotels and lodging-houses for
;;H visitors who will attend the Lowis
and Clark Centennial Exposition at
Portland next year. Mr. Richardson
contradicts the reports that there
wonld not be sufficient room to care
for the visitors to the exposition. Un
usual measures are now being taken
to provide for every one and the ex
position management will Bhortly is
sue an official statement as to the ca
pacity of Portland to care for visitors.
Ample Room in Portland,
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 20.— Rev. Le
land D. Rathbone, pastor of the Con
gregational church of this city, has re
ceived' a call' to the pastorate of
the North Berkeley, Congregational
Church. ' Rev. Mr. Rathbone is one
of the most popular pastors in this
city. He has been here for eight
years in the ministry and during that
time has endeared himself to many.
The trustees to-night agreed to re
lease Rathbone that he might avail
himself of the Berkeley offer. .
Santa Rosans Lose Pastor.
VENTURA. Sept. 20. — The Seaside
Hotel at Hueneme was totally de
stroyed by fire at 4 o'clock this morn
ing. The fire started in the rear of
the building, but the cause is un
known. The loss is estimated at $10.
000. partly covered by insurance. The
building was owned by J. E. McCoy
of Phoenix, Ariz.- 1 . .>.. ¦
Hotel at Resort Destroyed.
John Wilson, a teamster, 32^ Nor
folk street, was booked at the Sev
enteenth-street police station yester
day on a charge of burglary. His ar
rest grew out of a complaint made to
Captain Anderson by Mrs. G. Miller,
3275 Seventeenth street, who said that
her house was entered by forcing h
rear door, and seven ' canaries and a
stuffed pillow were carried away. One
of the birds was returned by the wife
of the accused man. The case has
some novel features that .will be ven
tilated in the Police Court.
Charged With Burglary.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 20. — Six persons
were injured to-day by a runaway
horse, which became frightened at the
circus parade. The rig belonged to
Henry Krehe. an Evergreen farmer.
The horse broke from its fastenings
8nd dashed into a crowd at the cor
ner of San Fernando and Orchard
streets. M. M. Moore of 528 South
Tenth street was badly cut on the
head and face. . J. Classen of 143
Orchard street was cut over the eye
and Mrs. Classen was badly bruised.
Minor Reed, son of Mrs. M. Reed of
Market and Julian streets, had his
shoulder bruised and spine hurt. Mrs.
Laura Whiteside of 510 South Tenth
street .was badly shaken up and her
little eon, Roy, was also injured.
Animal Is Scared by Circus Parade
and AVildly Dashes Into Crowd
: of Spectators.
SIX PERSONS INJURED
BY A FRIGHTENED HORSE
ert Williams — Hits. 169; score, 991.
W. H. Thompson, Seattle — Hits, 167 ;
score, 921.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20.— The Olympic
archery championships opened at the
World's Fair stadium to-day, the
American double rounds being held.
The result of to-day's shooting for
the first three were as follows: Phil
Bryant — Hits, 176; score, 1048. Rob-
Archery Revived nt St. Louis.
BERLIN, Sept 20. — Beauchamp of
Louisville, Ky.. who, with Charley
Van Dusen. also an American jockey,
has been riding most successfully at
Hoppegarten meeting, has been de
prived of his license by the stewards
on account of an unsatisfactory -ride. 1
Jockey Bcatichamp Loses License.
SEATTLE. Sept. 20. — Results at The
Meadow* :
First race, pacing, one and a half miles —
Oma A first. Queen B second, Olie M third.
Time. '¦i.T.VA. „ '
Second race. running five furlongs — Sir
Christopher won. Roseleaf second, Caroleum
third. Time. 1 :00'j-
Third race, running, five and a half fur
longrs—Karabel won. Phil Crlmmtna second,
Vlnce third. Time, 1:09.
Fourth race. seven> furlongs — Cerro Santa
won, RIordente second. Sally Goodwin third.
Time. l:2T>i-
Fifth race, fix furlongs — Dorice won. Hom
age second. Lord Eldred third. Time. 1:14.
Sixth race, one mile — J. V. - Kirby won.
Hipponax second. Duke of Richelieu thirds
Time. 1:41%.
Race Results.
Believing- that too often th* courtesies • of
«•")• d*y Ule are passed by without notice
cr »cc*pte<i «vith indifferent trace, and
ftcecgnizin* tb* fart that rcuch of the ccsi
t'-Tt of reachinr point* of Interest, while at
tending the twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave
b<eid In Sa.n Francisco, was due to the unfall
inr oeurtCT-y and kindness of the employes of
the Ftr**>t railways of that city who eo ably
assisted th< 5=ir Knigrhtz in making their
transfers *nd ro chefrfuly answered the m
num*r?>b:e questions with which they were con
ttnutlJy mr sailed; therefore, be it
Resolved. Tl-at Use Silr Knights of T^ong
li<*ch CommanurTy No. 40. Knights Templar.
Of .'-¦ : X Beach, Oal.. in behalf of th»Jr ladles
ar.-J tyni!*l\es, oKprewi their appreciation of
the* favors and extend to i»aid employes a
urasimous vote of thanks.
The streetcar employes of San Fran
cifco are in receipt of the following
testimonial to the courtesies shown
visiting Kniglits Templar during the
conclave:
Knights Templar Comma ndery of
Lons Beach Sends a Resolution
an Testimonial.
BERKELEY. Sept. 20. — Through
the illness of Walter Tuller, who has
been attacked, by pneumonia, the
University of California loses one of
its most promising: football players.
Tuller is a big fellow, with plenty of
skill, and he had a chance to make
not only the freshmen eleven, but the
varsity also. The loss will be severely
felt by California.
California Loses Athlete.
feHOW APPRECIATION OF
COURTESIES OF CARMEN
First race — Bonnie Prince Charlie,
TonxHlo. Lockout.
Second race — Rag Tag. Allista, Mu
resca.
Third race — Felipo Lugo, Bombar
dier, Katie Powers.
Fourth race — Azelina, Useful Lady,
Janeta.
Fifth race — Rani's Horn, Annie
Alone, Cutter.
Sixth nice — Spencerian, Ben
Chance. Sweet Tone.
Seventh race — Mr. Farnum, D. L.
Moore, Great Eastern.
Condition of the track — Good.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean,
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
nan * tm"v Francls ~ man N- favor^J r U !!I-
S^fL, key cont * n ' 1 «*i «"»t an Oakland
rM-nt t 3S c? 1 a rt '^ua!!ncation for their
OTppoSSS Sth^ 01 around the dIfftc ' Jl{y
Second race — Good and Plenty,
Headmaster. Flyins: Buttress.
Third race — Pajjet entry. Merry
Lark, Lincroft.
Fourth race — Hurstbourne, Short
hot-e. Hot Shot.
Fifth race — Delusion, Lons Days,
Princess Erls.
Sixth race — Princess Atheling:, Wa
ter Pansy, St. Gallen.
Condition of the track — Fast.
I<y the Xew York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Sir Brillar, Gold Saint,
To>«in.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
November 9 was set as the date for
receiving bids for the franchise. The
Interurban Company from the fathers'
villa will build a road to Fremont ave
nue and along the foothills past the
site of the new Santa Clara College to
Stanford University.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 20. — A franchise
to build an electric railway between
this city and Palo Alto was asked of
the Supervisors to-day by the Inter
urban Railway Company. The line
will start from the Intersection of the
Stevens Creek road with Saratoga
avenue, where the interurban lines
now terminate, and thence along the
Stevens Creek road to Stevens Creek,
to near the Catholic Fathers' Villa.
The board decided to grant the fran
chise.
Asks for Franchise for Electric Rail
way In Interesting: Part of Santa
Clan* County.
INTERURBAN ROAD WILL
BUILD AN EXTENSION
ftHBii
mmmm
affairs of th" fco^T- win li a^irab!y. Ths
proper care of* t£ IUM* on ™ l ' nt W " h tlw
First race — Juha, Fenian, Little
Corker-
Second race— Lady Lou, Ethel's
Pride, Miss Powell.
Third race — First Chip, Behoove,
Worthington.
Fourth race — Red Leaf, Tom Shelly,
Allen Avon.
Fifth raee^ — Ponrquoi Pas, Jerry
Hunt. Frank Collins.
Sixth race — Lubin, Miss Eon,
Broodier.
Condition of the track — Muddy.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Seventh race, one mil*, selling— Choc kayoto
04, Plautus 99, Gold Banner 102. Anna Beall
101, D. L. Moore 104, Mr. Farnum 104. Marco
107, Great Eastern 97 Benson Caldwell 104,
Sir Huch 100.
Sixth race one mile purse — Lida Leib 90.
S» eet Tone 92, Spencerian 98. Royal Pirate
100. Wenrlck 102, Ben Chance 102. Curate 107.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Annie Alone
95. Lieutenant Rice 98, A rah May 100. Moorish
Damsel 100. Glrdkstone 103. Cutter 110, Ram's
Hern 113.
Fourth race live furlongs, purse — Janeta
102, Dundall 103, Useful Lady 103. Fay Tem
pleton 103. Clara Berry 105. Doctor C 106,
Azellna 110.
Second race, five furlongs, purse— Bernice 93,
Ghats 93. AUista 96, Watermelon 98, Falernlan
101. Muresca 104, Jim Hale 104, Bob McLean
100. Barkelmore 107. Rag Tag 107.
Third race, seven furlongs, purse — General
Steward 96. Bombardier 96, Mohican 99. Nan
nie Hodge 100, Katie Powers 100. St Tammany
102, Soufrlere 103, Felipe Lugo J06, Frontenao
105, Judge Hlmes 112, St. Merrylegs 96,
Cardinal Wolsey 102.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Harlem
track follow:
First race, five furlongs, purse — Ed Early
97. Loglstelle 98. Rathskeller 9S. Lockout 98,
Padre 99. Foxy Grandma 100, Lady Fashion
ICO, Black Art 102, Bonnie Prince Charlie 105,
Tcrriedo 100.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
. Gerrit Ford, assistant general pas
s.enger agent of the Union Pacific
Company, and his wife, who have been
on this coast for several weeks, left
last night for the East, with the inten
tion of stopping over at Lake Tahoe
for a few days.
• Dr. Tomas Palomo of Salvador, del
egate from that country to the world's
convention of tuberculists, which is
soon to be held in St. Louis, is In this
city. The visitor is regarded as one
of the greatest scientists in Central
America. Dr. Eustorjio Calderon of
this city yesterday received a cable
gram from President Estrado Cabre
ra of Guatemala asking him to,repre
sent that republic at the same con
vention, but the honor was declined.
M. Shaniavosky. an attache of the
Russian War Office in St. Petersburg,
who has been visiting the St. Louis
Exposition, arrived at the St. Fran
cis yesterday.
Dr. J. Lee Adams, head of the di
vision of claims in the Internal Rev
enue Department at Washington. D.
C, visited Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch yesterday.
General G. F. Elliott, Colonel F. L.
Denny and Captain Henry Leonard of
the United States Marine Corps ar
rived from the East yesterday and
are staying at the Palace.
William C. Dodge Jr., J. H. Sher
rard and E. A. Sterling of Washington,
members of the United States Forestry
Bureau, who have been inspecting the
damage done by the recent forest fires
in this State, arrived yesterday at the
Occidental.
Paul F. Markhoff. a furniture man
ufacturer of Rochester, and his family
are among, the latest arrivals at the
St. Francis.
E. A. Hayes, one of the proprietors
of the San Jose Mercury and Herald,
is at the Palace.
Dr. H. L. Williford and family of
Memphis, who have been making a
tour of California, are at the Grand.
E. C. Bellows, American Consul
General at Yokohama, called upon
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday.
John J. Byrne, general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe, is up from Lost
Angeles and registered at the St.
Francis..
PEIiSONAIi.
L. L. Frink, a dentist of Chicago, is
at the Grand.
Leon Anscher and wife of Paris are
at the Palace.
Dr. D. H. Moulton and wife of Chico
are at the Grand.
TV. S. Tarbell, a mining man of Col
orado Springs, is at the St. Francis.
Governor and Mrs. Pardee are down
from Sacramento and staying at the
Palace.
Arthur Johnston, a capitalist of
New York, and his family are. at the
St. Francis.
At a meeting of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association, held last night in
the temporary quarters of the Mer
chants' Exchange, there were present
T. J. Kavanagh. M. J. Brennan and
F. E. Schober. delegates of the Corin
thian Yacht Club; R. S. Bridgman.
delegate of the San Francisco Yacht
Club: R. R. l'Hommedieu. delegate of
the California Yacht Club, and Carl
Sitbrand. delegate of the Vallejo
Yacht and Boat Club.
It was decided that an assessment
of ?10 be levied on each of the five
c!ubs in the association to cover the
expenses of the Admission day regatta.
The trophies and flags won in the re
cent annual regatta will be distributed
at 5:30 p. m. on Monday at the Mer
chants' Exchange.
R. R. I'Hommedieu. C. Siebrand and
II. C. Ward were appointed a commit
te* to discuss the advisability of allot
ting official numbers to all the yachts
on the bay, to be permanently retained
and used in all club and interclub
races. The same committee will con
pi<W the changes made in the general
cede by the consent of the maritime
notions and their incorporation in the
code in use on San Francisco Bay. A
representative from each of the five
clubs trill be on th<? committee.
Trophies Won on Admission Day Will
Be Distributed at Merchants*
Exchange Next Monday.
YACHTSMEN DISCUSS
INTEKCLUB AFFAIRS
NEW YORK, Sept. 20. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Gravesend
track follow:
First race, about six furlongs, handicap, all
ages. $1000 added— Shot Gun 125, Toscan 110,
Van Nes-s 107, Gror.ide 1<M. Foxy Kane JM.
Wotan 102 Concilman 102. Marjoram 102.
Blue ar.d Oranee OS. Divination US. Invincible
08, Roseben 08. Gold Saint 96. Bueling 90. bir
Brillar !>0, King Cole 88. • ' ,
Second race, abnut two and a half miles,
steeplechase, handicap. three- year-olds and
up $1000 added— Good and Plenty It53, Flying
Buttress 157. Headmaster luti. Bonfire 140,
Numeral 134. Gortnagallon 142. Jim Slick 1U0,
Third race, five and a half furlorsa. the
Flatlands two-year-oldF, $1500 added — Tea
cre^s 10S Glen Echo 105. Gamara 10D. Trapper
104 Czaranhlne 102. Bulwark 90. Merry Lark
97 Lincroft 9S Gold Ten 94. Red Fox 94. Car
rie Jones o:j, Brush Up »S, Bank 92. (Trapper,
Ciaraphine and TeacreFS. Paget entry.)
Fourth race, mile and a quarter, all ages,
handicap $1500 added— Shorthose 119. Hurst
bourne 114, Champlain 93. Brigand 93. Hot
t-het 92. Aurumaster P2.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selllnc,
maiden fillies, 2-year-olds— Salt and Pepper 105,
Queen Belle 104, Coy Maid 102, Bravery 1U2,
Sea Girl W, Prude !>!>, Long Days 99, Awaken
ing 19 Galiee 99. Calmness 9S, Delusion 9b.
Gold Rose 94, Princess Eris 94. Smiling Alice
94. Dance Music »4.
Sixth race, mile and a nixteenth, selling,
meidens, three-year-olds»— Clovis 110. Silver
foot 110, St. Gallen 110. Tithonlc 110, Topright
110 Ganpevoort 107. Phantom 107. Princess
Atheling 107. Bally Castle 107. All Right 107.
Briery 107, Rickry T 107. Dan Conners 105,
Ikkl 105, Crockett 102. Water Pansy 102.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — J. E. Owens, 133 Johns'n)..5 15 1 25
7 to 1 — Dominiq. You,125(Archib"d)6 2 3026
7 to 1— Allegiance. 130 (Eggerson).7 3 40 3 30
Time, 2:4S2-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner. J. W. Fuller's b. g. (6), by Ford
ham-Hlghland Belle. Dagmar 125, Schwarr
wa!d 143, finished as named. Class Leader 135,
fell. Miss Grannon 13S. threw rider.
THIRD RACE— Mile; all ages; Cicero Selling
Stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. 1
11 to 5— Stroller. 96 (Greenfield) 1 15 11
15 to 1— Spencerian, 93 (Thaver). . .5 3 6 2 3%
6 to 5— Fonsoluca, 101 (Mclntyre). 2 2 V4 3 5
Tinu. 1:44 4-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner, W. T. Brinkworth's br. g. (4), by Or
nament-Promenade. Port Royal 108, Klein
wood 99, Father Tall«nt 84 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds and
up; tiurse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. . »4 Fin.
11 to 5 — Magistrate, 90 (Aub'h'n).2 1 3',a 11%
9 to 5— Judge Hlmes, 107 (Henry)tJ 4 2 2 5
11 to 2— Gregor K., 99 (Mclntyre). 1 2 % 3 6
Time, 1:46 2-5. Start fair. Wcm easily. Win
ner, S. W. Streett &. Co.'s ch. c. (3). by Hast
ings-Lady Margaret. ! Katie Powers 94, Thane
95, Ahola 99, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 0 — Subtle, 102 (Robbins).. 3 1 »j 1 1
9 to 2— Belle Kinney,112(Henry) 5 3 4 2 1'
100 to 1 — Lady Wllmot.92(S'mster) 7 6 2 3 1
Time, :57 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, S. W. Streett & Co.'s b. f. by Ben
Ktrome-Craftle. Lady Ellison 107, A. Musko
day 100, Gallant Cassie 97, Bashford Belle 94,
Moorish Damsel 107, Odelot 92. Martin Doyle
95, Kid Weller 95, finished as named.
. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 1 — Gypzene. 95 (Wilson) 1 14 1 *i
ltol— Big Ben. 114 (Prior) 4 22 28
4 to 1— Nannie Hodge,98(Lannon) 3 4 3 3 2
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Belknap & Co.'s ch. f. (4) by
Cayaga-Ace of Hearts. Soufrlere 103. Avenger
10S. Americano 107, White Plume 105, finished
as named.
SEVENTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-clds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— G Eastern. 94 (Harris). 4 3 1%1 h
IC to 5 — Mr. Farnum,105(W'trand)5 12 2 4
10 to 1 — Louisville. 100 (Wiley).. 9 85 3 h
Time 2:Ul 2-u. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. M. Walker's br. c. (3) by Hand
scme-Austerity. Ben Heywood 0«. Benson
Caldwell 107. Sir Hugh 105, La Chaperone 92,
Excentral SS. The Way 106. Alamode 91,
Jubque La 101, finished as named.
SEATTLE, Sept. 20. — Jay Hughes
pitched a remarkable game to-day
against Portland. For six innings not
a man reached second base or placed
the ball safely. After a break for
three hits in the seventh Hughes gave
Portland only one more hit. Save for
that hit not a man reached first base.
He struck out eight men and got two
hits himself. Frisk did some spectac
ular batting. Four hits, including
two three-baggers and a home run,
gave him four scores. He was at bat
only four times, so his average was
perfect.
Portland is not in good condition,
having three men in the hospital.
Speidel, a young man who has been
playing short for a local amateur
team, filled in and put up a good
game. Score:
S«attle— I Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHlt.cf 5 2 4 1 llDrnan.cf 4 0 0 10
Mohlr.2b 5 115 2 Hurly.lb 3 0 0 8 1
Blnkn.rf 4 0 0 0 OiNadau.rf 4 0 0 10
Frisk. If 4 4 4 2 0 1 Weed, 5b 4 1 2 5 1
Deleh.Sb 4 111 l|Beck, 2b 4 1 1 0 4
Mrphy.lb 3 1 1 « O,Clynes,lf 4 0 12 0
Hail, ss 4 O 1 3 6|Spldel,Bs 3 0 0 4 1
WilFon.c 4 0 18 0 Steelmn.c 3 0 0 2 3
Hughes. p 4 12 1 31 Butler, p 1 0 0 0 0
! Ha«tg9,u 2 0 0 0 1
Totals. 37 10 15 27 13 j _ _ _
1 Totals. 32 2 4 23 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .' 0 3 3 O 1 2 1 0 x— 10
Base hiu 1 2 5 11 2 1 2 x— 15
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0— °
Base hits 0 000 0030 1—4
SUMMARY.
Errors— Delehanty. Hurphy, Hughes. Weed 2,
Beck. Earned runs — Sea-ttle 6. Portland 2
Two-base hit* — Van Haltren. Weed 2 Clvnes
Thr^e-base hit — Frisk 2. Home run— Frisk.
Stolen bases— Van Haltren. MohW. Double
plujf" — Hall. Mohler and Murphy; Weed and
Hurley. Bases on balls— Off Hughes 1. off
Hastinge 1. Hit by pitched ball— Murphy (by
Hasting^. Speldel (by Hughes). Struck out—
By Hughe* S. by Hastings 2. Innings pitched
—By Butler 3 by Hastings 5. Hits — Off
Butler S. off Hastings 7. Time of game— 1
hour and 45 minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
in Six Innings.
Not a Brownie Reaches Second Base
HUGHES ENJOYS A GOOD DAY.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20. — The races at
Delmar track to-morrow attracted the
following entry:
First race, six furlongs, purse — Hickory
Corners 111, Pompey 111. Little Corker 111.
Fa>iuita 111. Feronia 111, Blsuka ICO, Vine
land 106. Loca 106, Juba 105, Rhyme and
Reason 105. Fenian 105, Always Faithful 105.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing— Miss Powell 104, Ethel's Pride 10U. Ethel
Barry 100, McJetta. 05, Leila Hunter 05,
Chancy 95, Edith Vice 05, Glenflnlass 05,
Moncgram 95, Lady Lou 95, Annabelle Lee 95.
Third race, one mile and twenty yards. sell-
Ing — Joe Doughty 114, Behoove 114. Worthlng
ton 114. First Chip 112. Tangible 100, Dr.
Riley 109. Miracle 109. Albanv Girl 109, Sig
mund 109. Mamselle 109.
Fourth race, six furlong*, handicap — Tom
Shelly 118, Allen Avon 112, Red Leaf 110, Ar
lena 103, Lady Mercury Otl, Jungle Imp 96,
Preventatlve P0. Captain Brolaski 86.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Hllee 107. Orient 101. Pourquoi Pas 100, Birdie
Stone 100. Laura Hunter 100, Jerry Hunt irS>,
Frank Collins 90.
Sixth rac«. one and an eighth miles, selling
— Mainspring 105, Lubln 104, Broodier 103, Goo
Goo 100. Miss Eon 98, Dolinda 97.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
ir.iles; three-year-olds and up:
Efctting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Alcom R, 85 (Rice) 5 41 lh
7 to 1— Sister Lillian, 100 (And) 4 2 4 2 2
12 to 1— Miracle II. lOO(D.Austin) 7 5 5 3 1
Time, 2:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, N. J. Catalanotto's ch. g. (3) by Henry of
Navarre-Flittermouse. Broodier 105," St. Pi
monian 103. Burke Cochrane 95. Hucena «2,
Strader 08, Compass 05, Chapalia 93. finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. S 4 Fin.
3 to 1— Dargin, 08 (Anderson)... 6 15 14
ltttoS — Algonquin. 05 (Seder)... 2 3 8 2 4
9 to 5 — Atlas. 100 (Rice) 3 2 nk :: ns
Time, 1:37. Start sood. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber's b. c. (3) by Sain-Florence
Deck<"y. • Responsive J>5. Canyon 101, Potente
103, Laura Hunter 1C6, Glennevls 104, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Barklyite. 104 (Watson).. 2 3 4 Ink
9 to 5 — Footlights Fav.. 06 (Rice) 1 13 2 20
3 to 1 — Commodore. 105 (Andsn). 3 2 1 3 1
Time, 1:21%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. P. Fine's b. g. (5) by Star Ruby-
Hinda Dwyer. Tower 9">, Kindred 107, Pre
tension 100, finished as named.
Her husbands affidavit to the con
trary notwithstanding. Ada M. Wood,
who is suing John li. Wood for di
vorce, declares that he Is still receiv
ing S275 a month for his services as
paying teller of the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank. When she applied for
temporary alimony Wood filed an af
fidavit that he had lost his position
pecause of the suit and that he was
in debt and living with his parent.*.
On this showing Judge Graham or
dered him to pay $30 a month to hi3
wife. Yesterday ilrs. Wood filed an
affidavit that $30 a month was inade
quate to maintain her according to
her station in life. She aslca that
\vood be ordered to show cause why
he should not pay more.
Judge Kerrigan has been saved the
trouble of deciding upon the applica
tion of Claudia E. Montgomery, the
chorus girl, better known as Claudia
Rogers, for the annulment of her mar
riage with Robert C. Montgomery u.
young actor. Yesterday her attorney
filed a notice of the dismissal of the
case. When Claudia married Mont
gomery at Oakland, in April, 1901
she was only 15 years old.
T,,££°£ e v0 Ve ? > S^nted yesterday bv
Judge Hebbard to Hattie D. Emerick
toTnrP- Em / Hck: by '««**? Trou«
to Annie Anderson from L. P. Ander
son, for neglect; to Eva F. Fuller
rfaTn* F n d T ; Fuller ' dese «ion: to
Elaine Tolle from John M. Tolle
cruelty; by Judge Sloss to Pete- V
Manson from Anna K. Manson. de-
O Dior,™**; JUdKe Grahar " to HeSrV
tio-, »n 1 * r ? m Mary BIoh m, deser
uon and intemperance; by Jud~e
SC? el!e , Hlllffood from Phil!
up .HiiiYtood. neglect.
Judge Sloss yesterday heard th* ar
guments in tk« divorce case 5££S£
huits for divorce were filed yester
day by Augusta Xyberg against m
I" 1 ™ Xyberjr. for cruelty? Anni' T" M
Roberts against Harvey Roberto -i"
sertionand neelect; Ro^D K^I
ZrtUm**VT WUI , inm K«™°«le. Si!
sertion and neelert- t * »
against R L £3?2££i£ M '* ry
Ada M. Wood Asks Court to Order
Bank Teller to Pay More Than
S30 Alimony.
SAYS HUSBAND IS STILL
DRAWING BIG SALARY
BOSTON. Sept. 20— St. Louis won a slow
game to-day. McNichol's wildness in the Srst
gave St Louis the victory. Attendance. 200.
SCOrC; ' R. H. E.
St. Louis } 1 ' ) J
Boston l a 1
Batteries— O'Neill and Grady; McNichola and
Moran. Umpire — Zimmer.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 20.— The second game
was called at the end of the seventh inning
on account of rain. The home club hit Ca*?
hard in the third inning of the first game.
Gilbert, a new man, covered left field for
Plttsburg and made a good impression. At
tendance. 2C0O. Scores:
First game— B- H. E.
Plttsburg 3 - « - 1
Brooklyn :. 4 10 2
Batteries — Case and Phelps; Jones and Ber
gen.
Second game — K- H. E.
Pittsburg 1 s 0
Brooklyn 1 5 <>
Batteries — Robertaille and Ph«lps; Mitchell
and Ritter. Umpires— Moran and O'Day.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20.— New York-Cincin
nati National game postponed — rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — Chicago- Philadelphia
game postponed — rain.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.— The second game
was called at the end of the seventh innins
because of darkness. Rain Mopped the flivl
for twenty-seven minutes. Cheebro pitched
the last two Innings of the first game and
all the second. Attendance. 3CU0. Scores .
First game— »• H " E -
Washington - ,? ,
New York { ld 1
Batteries— Jacobson and Kittredge; Orth.
Chesbro and McGuire. ; '' "' ' ' ¦
Second same— **• H - E :
Washington J ? *
New York 5 s l
Batteries— Hughes and Clark; Chesbro and
McGuire.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 20. — The St. Louis and
Cleveland clubs split even here to-day on a
double-header. Cleveland taking the openir.5
game by a score of 2 to 1. while St. Louis
won the second game by a score of 1 to 0. The
pitching of Slever was easily the feature o.
the second game. Attendance, 1&00. Scores:
First same— K. B. E ;
St. Louis \ 7
Cleveland 2 ' l
Batteries— Howell and Sugden; Rhoadea and
Buelow.
Second game — K - «• • c '.;
St. Louis \ » -
Cleveland ° B u
Batteries— Siever and Kahoe; Moore, Don
ahue and Ostdick.
BOSTON Sept. 20. — Boston won a heavy
batting game to-day. Bender being driven out
of the box in the fourth inning. Fairbanks
also fared badly. Hartsell was taken sick
and save way to Pickering. Attendance, C7«jO.
SCOre: R. H. E.
Boston n 1:! V
Philadelphia 1 " *
Batteries — Yours: and Criger; Bender, Fair
banks and Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Waterbury received some shabby
rapport from his brother Angels at
times, but it was due to his own bad
stunts that the tide of victory ebbed
against him. He did not seem to
have much in the way of curves,
speed or control, and in the tight
places he flew all to pieces. He was
unable to pull himself together in
time to stop the avalanche of runs
that invariably came in during the*.e
periods.
Bjchanan. the first man to face
Waterbury in the third, dumped the
ball out to right field for a poppy sort
of three-bagger. Ganley new to To
man. After that Waterbury's nerve
forsook him and he walked Dunleavy
and Schlafley. Kruger"s drive to cen
ter was good for two runs, and Chase's
miscue of Moskiman's drive let in an
other. Graham could not do any
thing, but Devereaux sent two more
in with a smashing double. Stark
scored the red kid with a bingle to
renter.
That was the tale of the strife. No
one seemed to care what the score
was after that. The Angels managed
to wallor* Buchanan for three runs,
but they never had a chance to
overcome the big lead the Com
muters assumed durinpr the mixup in
the decisive third round. The score:
Oakland — . i Los Anjreles —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A-
Oanley.rf 5 12 10 Bern'd.cf 3 0 0 2 0
nvnry.BB 4 2 2 1 S Flood. 3b. 4 0 12 3
Schly.2b 3 1 « 3 SB-if'r.Ib 3 1 1 9 «»
Kmeer.cf 5 2 2 I 0 Cravh.rf 4 0 0 1 1
Mos'n. Ib4 1 1 13 l^hase.2b. 4 O 2 3 1
Srah'm.lf 4 0 0 1 1 .Torr.an.ss 4 O 2 2 5
rv-vs. ::b 21135 Rcss. if. 4 o 0 1 1
Ft»rk. c. 3 1 3 3 1 >riff. c. . 4 114 2
Buch'n. p 4 1 2 1 0 Watry.p 3 12 0 1
Totals. 34 10 13 27 lt> : Totals. 33 3 9 24 14
RUNS AND HIT»! BY INNINGS.
Ix* Angeles 0 0111000Q— 3
Raw HIM 0 1 222001 1— !»
Oakland 0 O 6 O 0 0 3.1 •— 10
Base Hits 0 1 "4 O 0 1 4 3 •— 13
SUMMARY.
Stolen r.a*-s— Punleavy. Kruger. D«vereaux.
Erro.-* — Chase. Watcrbury. Ganley. Three-base
hits — Buchanan. Mcsk'.man. Two-ba5e hits —
Stf.rk. Dcveruaux. Ct&se. Sacrifice hit — Bern
ard. Firft base on error — Oakland 1. First
twe on called balls — Off Buchanan 1. off Wa
tertoiry 5. Left on bases — Oakland 6. Los An-
Keies 4. Struck out— By Buchanan 2. by Wa
terbury 2. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux. Time
of e*rr.e — Or.» hour and forty minutes. Um
pire — McDonald.
The Commuters liked everything
the affable Mr. Waterbury handed
them yesterday at Idora Park. Their
feeling for the young man grew
apace in the third Bpasm and they
wont enthusiasiically to the task of
making Morlev's latest twirler look
like the roughest kind of a worker.
«core: Oakland, 10; Los Angeles, 3.
Pacific Coast Leacue.
W.L.Pct., W.L.Pct.
I>* Anecle^.2* 2ti ..Tj:;>an Fran 25 28 .ATS
Tacoma 'J" 23 .500 Oakland -4 J1 .4->0
BeSXlU 2S 1-tS .5rj;i'ortland 22 30.4-3
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
National League. I American Le»cu«;
w.L.pct. IZh*Sk
New York. . .99 85 .733|New York. . -Jv> o»> .b-_»
Chicago 80 M .00tf Boston £" •>•' •<"»
Pittsburs . . .77 XJ .TH2. Chicago To «> ¦«•
Cincinnati . .7:) Z'J .553^ Philadelphia..?.. ;w ->.i>
St. Louis OJ t>7 .SOi; Cleveland »v2 Sr.*5lS
Brooklyn 50 85 .371 Detroit M <2- 4 -''
Boston 4« h» .34T> ! St. Louis. . . .66 87 .490
Philadelphia.. 42 93 .31 li Washington .32 101 .^k>
After that Wheeler steadied down
and held the champions safe. "With
thirteen hits the Seals made but one
run, on two-baggers by Van Buren and
Hildebrand. Men were on bases in every
inning, but could not get around, as
Thomas was effective at critical times.
In the ninth the visitors made three
hits, but fast fielding kept them from
scoring. Lynch made a splendid one
hand catch. Casey and Anderson also
had a busy day. Score:
Tacoma — , San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, if 4 1 1 1 0 VBurn.lb 5 1 2 S 0
Shee'n.Sb 4 2 3 2 5 Hldbrd.lf 5 0 4 11
Ndyke.lb 4 12 3 0 Wldrn.cf 5 0 0 0 0
Eagan,ss 4 113 2 Meany.rf 4 0 0 0 0
Lynch.cf 2 10 2 0 Irwin.3b 3 0 2 3 2
Casey.2b 4 0 19 2Andsn.2b 3 0 2 5 8
MLphn.lf 4 0 13 0 Gchnr.ss 4 0 0 3 3
Grahm.c 3 0 2 4 0'Leahy. c 4 0 2 3 2
rhomas.p 4 12 0 1 Wheelr.p 4 0 112
Total* 33 7 13 27 10 Total* 37 1 13 24 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 3 2 1 1 0 0 0 0 x — 7
Base hits 31 222201 x— 13
Ean Francisco ..00 100000 0 — 1
Base hits 1 1 2 2 1 1 1 1 3—13
SUMMARY.
Errors — Casey. Van Buren. Struck out — By
Thomas 2. by Wheeler 1. Bases on balls — Off
Thomas 1. off Wheeler 4. ¦ Wild pitch —
Wheeler. Hit by pitcher — Thomas 1, Wheeler
3. Two-base hits — Eagan, Thomas, Van
Buren. Hildebrand. First base on error — San
Francisco. Stolen bases — Eag&n, Sheehan.
Earned runs — Tacoma 1, San Francisco 1.
Left on ba*es — Tacoma 9, San Francisco 11.
Double plays — Sheehan to Casey to Nordyke.
Eagan to Casey. Irwin to Anderson, Anderson
to Gochnauer to Van Buren. Time of game —
One hour ar.d forty minutes. Umpire — Tom
Brown.
In the second Thomas outran a bunt,
Doyle and Sheehan were passed and
Thomas was forced in when Xordyke
was hit by a pitched ball. . Doyle scored
on an out. Lynch's pass and two sin
gles brought in the seventh and last
tally on Sheehan's single, a stolen base
and Eagan's two-bagger.
TACOMA. Sept. 20.— The Tigers
clinched victory to-day in the first in
ning. Doyle hit, but was forced by
Sheehan. Nordyke got a single and
Eagan was hit by a pitched ball. Shee
han scored on Lynch's out, and two
more runs came in on Casey's hit and
Van Buren's error.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1:<A trot, three in five. pur» JinriO (un
finished) — Mainland won the first and second
heats in 2:14'i. 2:14'i. Brownie Wotton wen
the third heat in 2:14';. Jessie O. Miss
Jeanette. Ajlwin. Truthful Chimea. Direct
Wells. Walter Pierce. Winnie Right. Getawav.
Prince-a Derby. Brilliant Girl. Bellle. Ballast.
Dorothea. Harry Simmons. Martha B ani
Harry McKorrun a!«o «t*rted.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 20. —
Showers and heavy winds interfered
with the Grand Circuit raices to-day.
On Wednesday Major Delmar will go
against Cresceus' mile record without
a wind sh-eld or a pacemaker. Fri
day the same horse will trot against
the high-wheel' sulky record. Sum
2:23 trot, three in five. purs<» $2C0O—Alex
ander won the second, thirri ami fourth heata
in 2:11 »;. 2:l.:i,. 2:12^. John CaMwell won
the first heat in 2:11> 4 . Field Day. Black
thorn an,! Har.lwocd also started.
2:15 pace, three heats, purae $1500— Xancy
H ii-on the second an.i third heats in 2:CSV t .
2:C8'i. Edwin C won the first heat in 2:00«' t .
Rosewood. Queen of Spades. The Contractor.
Winston. Sunny .Slope, Christiana. Outcome.
The May Patch. Vice Regal. Bessie Scholea,
Fcxy Quiller, Simmons and Ar?o Ha!l also
started.
Drive Bender, the Philadel
phia Twirler, Out of the
Box in the Fourth Inning
Get Seven Tallies in First
Four Innings and Take
It Easy 'Until the End
Angels Have No Chance to
Overcome Lead and the
Game Keeps Dragging On
SL\ TALLIES SCORED
J. C. Kirkpatriek's Fast Trot
ter Takes First Heat and
Then Loses to Alexander
JOHX CALDWELL BEATEN"
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap; nil ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 5— Ormond Right. 110 rLyn) 3 3 3 12
15 to 1— Sonom Bell. 08 (H. Ooch) 1 1 l',42 %
4 to 1— St. Valentiro. 115 (Rdfn) 2 2 h 3 Vs
Time. 1:5." 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner S. Paget's ch. c. by Ormonde-Right.
Hurst Park. Mabel Richardson. Andrew Mack.
finished as named.
.FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; for maiden
two-year-old fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5— Santa Catalina. 110 (Brn) 3 2h \\\i
3 to 1— Lucy Young. 110 CW.Ovs) 4 15 2 3
12 to 1— Floralia. 110 (Lyne) 14131
Time 1:01 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Albemarle Stable's b. f. by Suspender-
Painty. Myopia. Simplicity. Jennie McCabe.
Raiment. Nellie Russell. Steel Trap. Witch
Hazel. Favormeer, Maud Feeley. Miss M C S.
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
11 to 5 — Stuyve. 108 (Hildebrand) 5 1 h 1 4
8 to 1— Reveille, «2 (Crimmins). 4 .1 h 2 1'
7 to 1— Flexion. 107 (Rcdfern)... C G2 :« h
Time 1:48. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner J. C. Teaser's b. g. by Stuyvesant-
Katie A. Brooklynite. Gay Lothario. Sals.
Gansevoort. Akela. Midshipman, Topic, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— About six furlongs; the Bay
Shore; selling; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Monet. 105 (Gannon) 5 11 lh
13 to 5 — Armenia, 99(Hiiderbrand) 2 2 1 2 1
3 to 1— Ascension. 104 (W.Davis) 8 3 V, 3 h
Time. 1:10 ."5-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, L. V. Bell's ch. c. by Ben Strome-
Midrcse. Dick Bernard, Iyhlana, Old England,
Arsenal. King Teper, Counterpoise, Sweet Alice
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — OEieau. 117 (Lyne) 2 5 Vi 1 IVa
l."» to 1— Blandy. 112 (ONell) 4 2h 2 5
12 to 1— Heart's Desire. 104(Hild) 5 31 3 1VS
Time, 1:07 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. G. Greeners ch. c. by Arnus-Kitty
Gunn. Linda Lee. Candida. Handzarra, Way
ward La.«s, Jim Beatty. White Stone, Metro
pole, Galiio, finished as named.
GRAVESEND, L. I., Sept. CO.— L,. V.
Boll's Monet won the Bay Shore Sell
ing Stakes to-day from a fast field of
first-class selling platers. Monet had
to do his best to win, defeating H. B.
Duryea's Armenia by a neck, while
Ascension and Dick Bernard were close
up. Monet's position at the post was
No. 10 on the extreme outside. When
the horses had run about a furlong,
King Pepper nearly fell. He dropped
back many lengths and after the race
both his rider and Crimmins, who rode
Old England, went into the stewards'
stand and claimed a foul against Gan
ncm, the rider of Monet. After ob
taining all the evidence that was posr
sible the stewards dismissed the claim,
it not being proved to their satisfaction
that Gannon was to blame. Ascensio-n
was weakly ridden by W. Davis, in ad
dition to being in a pocket all around
the last turn. Summary:
FIRST RACE — About six furlongs; three
year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Lietola, 08 Crimmins) 5 1 l'il 2
25 to 1— Geranium. '.:3 (J.Hensey) 3 3 h 2 »J,
«to5— Maj. Pelham. 100 (Hlld).ll 7h 3 2
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. W. B. Jennings' ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Leucosia. Canteen, Toi San, Missing Link,
Belle of Portland, Funnyside, Liberia, Ship
shape, Vagary, Bob Murphy, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE: — One mile and seventy yards;
threa-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Extol, 103 (Rice) 5 22 13
2 to 1 — Athena. 94 (Anderson)... 8 4 8 2 Wa
V> to 1— Howling Derv.. lOO(Prne) 4 3 2 3 *
Time. 1:5614. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Burnett's c. h. (4) by Exile-
Pretense. Albany Girl 102, Mamselle 1CW, Dr.
Kler 103. Second Mate 103, First One 100, fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; malden«tv.-o
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Tern's Roe. 105 (Rice).. 8 13 1 Mj
•!> to 2— St. Flour, 1O8(W. Watson) 7 2 4 2 2
•9 to 2— Judge Brady, lOS(D.Aust) 6 44 33
Time, l:o9V'». Start good. Won driving.
Winner, O'Neal & Kazan's ch. g. by Nim
rod-Tern. Ora 1C8, Bavarian 105. Shadow
Prince 108, Mr. Wixson 105, Piller 106, Tulla
tuskee 10S, finished as named. "Coupled in
bettinz.
FIRST RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and uj>:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Bugle Horn. 90 (Rice)... 3 5 3 1 l-i
4 to 1 — Check Morgan, 90 (Andsn) 0 2 10 2 nk
8- to 1— Northwind. IDS (Uugan). 1 lh 3 2
Time. 1:6G%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, T. H. Stevens & Sons' b. g. (3) by
Handsel-Miss Caveland. Sanctisslma 105,
Lyrist flti, Torlo 93, Topsoil 103, Lookaway !X>.
Darcy 105. Phyrro 100, Bradley Bill <J5, finished
as named.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 20.— Footlights Fa
vorite, a strong favorite for the Delmar
feature race, at six furlongs, to-day,
was taken wide turning into the stretch.
She lost enough ground to enable Bark
lyite to sneak up on the rail and win
from the best horse by a nose. Form
players had a fair day, though the go
ing was bad. Attendance 4000. Sum
mary: />_¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — Some interest
ing contests were run to-day at Har
lem. Despite the bad weather, a fair
sized crowd was out. The track was
in bad condition, being deep mud all
over. In winning the Cicero stakes at
one milt, the feature of the opening
day card, W. T. Brinkworth's Stroller
proved he is a superior mudder. He
never left the result in doubt, leading
from wire to wire. He won by a
length over Spencerian, which finished
gamely after closing a big gap. Fon
soluca was third.
John E. Owens was nearly pounded
off the boards in the jumping race
over the short course. He won as he
pleased* after a chapter of accidents,
all of which were in his favor, as he
made no mistakes and was at home in
the soft going. * Summary:
FIRST RACK— Five furlongs; two-year-old
maidens; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
lti to Ji — Hap. Jack, 103 (Mclntyre) 4 4 2 11
7 to 1— Free Booter, 113 (Troxler)lO til 2'i
6 to 1— Clydeo, 113 (Henry) S 5 V, 3 hi
Time. 1:04 -i-5. . Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. James Arthur's b. c. by Halma-Sally
Dan. Ravlana 100, Effie M. 10O, Togo 108,
Basswood 105. VMdo 107, Green Rose 107. Tar
coola Belle 101, finished as named. Waddell II
103, left at post..
Special Dispatch to The Call
TJGEBS LIKE WHEELER
BOSTON BATSMEX SCORE
Seals Land for Thirteen
Safe Hits, but Only One
Man Makes the Circuit
Stroller Proves His Quality
as a Mud -Horse in the
Cicero Stakes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stewards Dismiss Claim of
Foul Against Gannon, the
Winning Jockey.
Foolights Favorite Loses
Ground on the Turn and
Barklyite Wins.
Will Be Sent Against Cres
cens" Time and Will Also
Try for Highwheel 3Iark
American Ijea^ne Nine Takes
Two Games From Wash
ington on Latter* s Grounds
jj orley's Enei-get ic Young
Ktelier Has Sad Experi
ence in Third Inning
OAKLAND WINDS
UP WATERBURY
THOMAS STEADY
AT RIGHT TIME
NEW YORK MEN
INCREASE LEAD
MONET TAKES THE BAY SHORE STAKES
FROM FAST FIELD OF SELLING PLATERS
MAJOR DELMAR
AFTER RECORDS
PATCHED-UP OAKLAND TEAM LANDS HARD ON THE NEW ANGEL PITCHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
JUDGE LAWIX>R PRESIDES.— Judge Wil
liam P. Lawlnr has been selected to act as
Presiding- Judjp of the Superior Court until
January 1 to Ell out the unexplred term of
Jud?e Frank KerriRsn. The rush of court
work in the latter' • department Is co great
a* to interfere with the duties of th» Fre
aldin* Jud*e.
6
ABVERTISJpinXTS.
There Is a Standard
i 111 of Q ualit y
! iSIS ior eer '
«•• Hilr Wh ' Ch " Whea *MW*My
"2 §»PJ »' by tm» ma«te~,
II fiwi of the art - caa ** " ach * rt
*" SJu!/? la th * process ot brewin<
a— Jfjfc.vJ • cd maturing. An<i the
1 ° i*fl^sr «trength -^ heavy, medium
< r^*?^ cr llcat — to » matter of
: ; ii§§£ ; iiie< ekillftjl adjustment.
l^fcS RFFR
|?§§|^|jp| liLLIi
pPy^V^ MILWAUKEE
rAfl Stp V£*- 3trii «» tils Hajjisit
i@|^^8laiz Malt -Vivine
JSjgyCftSC&aSfol 'Non-Intoat-t Toslc.
M IUyAU^J Ul lm m> C0>
' J SABS SXSO Ss CO
TeL Main 8839. San Prmad-co.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB\Y ST. Established
In IS34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. I .rut Manhood. Debility or
<1I<m»m* wvartatrnn body and mind ami
-'kin Di»>w»i The Doctor cores when
others fall. Try hua. - ('bargm low.
<'nrf«|«arii>l*«4. CuilmwnM.
»«¦• 4* r. t)IBa«.>, eaa rnadm. CatSun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa6t and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
. at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority, of the
Superintendent. ' .
XOTEJ— The high and low waters occur at
tl» dty front (Mlaalon-etreet wharf) about 25
Branch Hrdrosraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 50. 1904. '
The Time Ball en the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped , exactly at noon to-day —
1 e., at nooi» of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. in. Greenwich time. J. C," BURNETT, .
lieutenant. U. 8- N..- In charge.
Time Ball.
Tb» fear* Kcseward BcnaiJ Is chartered for
barter to a direct sort In Esrcp* at 2ls.
The EriUsh «b!rt BIyt!*wood I» chartered
tor lumber frerr. Pucrt Pocad to Port Natal
fcl .":» 3d: echoocer Sophie Cfcriatenaon. same
- -¦- from thi* r«3rt tn sar.ta RotaJia;
v hooner Forest Home, lumber aad poles, frsax
I'crt Annlen to Ea=ta Rosalia.
The Ncnrtpan steamer Hero will load rails
at Tacrcsa f rr Cfceaiulz^ at $5.
Tbe I -.•*'. KhiM Alice A. L"ira and GaJ
pate will rroceed in ballaat to Newcastle.
Australia.
Tbe Korea's Oargr*.
Tlte «teasier Korea aalled - yesterday for
Hcr^kon«. \ia Honclsia, Tokobasia, Kobe
er.d Maslla. with a general inerchasdis« carxo
v&loed at C" 4. ICO exclusive of treasure, to
r* distriheted as follows. For Honolulu. *1600:
Japan. SS31.*>«f«; Cnlaa. «72.1«7: PhiUpptn*
Ifltrds. 5T].x:.: Ea« Indies. SS766: Korea.
YT42»: T^rr*. til*: Slaa, tsi. Tbe /ollowinc
were th» rnortoal exports:
To J«;-aa— M2 bfaU Soar. 6190 rals wine,
S7TS tte better, €10 lbs cheese. 3644 It* baa
•td Lecoc C10 cs a«*orted caaaed coetm, 760,
XK\VS OF TIIE OCEAN.
To Salvage die Gifford.
D.it John Reach yesterday meet down to
the wr*ck cf the nrglish i^.ip Gifford. which
«WMli'j» Ioti Xfwahw «n tfre b*e*h n*>«r
IVint Pedrc. The ship's cargo, coal from New
cased*, vat a total :•.*». Iioexb.eay* be will
:r>' tc secure the metal en the submerged
hulk, fcut It !» brttrvM that »»* w<U tnak*
:e fffcrt to (jet the books and accounts from
tt» aaT* cf the v*t«L whUrh w«r» lost when
*£* wsa wrecked.
•
Tfc:rt«T. tatSBta rsr* Cred from the Marble
h«ad yesterday at r.oon with the fruis*r'« col
cr» at hall-matt set the water frcat a-wonder
lng. The recuiem salute was la cornmemcra
tien cf the death August 17 in New llamp
t'-re cf Rear Admiral Edwin M. Ehepard.
USX retired. U* sened on this coast
rn tr* California, M<<hican. Saa Francisco and
Hartfcrt.
Marfelehead Fires 3ilnnte Guns.
F*ul Miller of Liiermcre. while crossirg
K*et s«re«t «t the tancticn cf Market yester
<lay forenoon, wa* knocked down and run
ever by a £atter-stre«»t horeecar and badly
ir.Mred. Ftve nbs were broken and tb*re
were several centuticn* and abrasionsi of the
¦ :o.'.j with a cencursjon of the brain. Po»
f^'.y'the man i» tnterraaiy Inlured. Thorsat
Kelly tb# driver cf the car. No. 21. was ar
rested' asd charted with bettery-
Injured by Hors* Car.
ClSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO, Sept. 20—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day :
Cincinnati 72-«H Xew Orleans 90-76
Boston 72-5<5 Philadelphia N.>-<54
Jacksonville s<5-72 Washington M-«C
St. Louis 76-05 Xew York 7»-C6
Chicago 72-W Pltlsburg S2-C5
SAX FRAXCISCO 66- ">S
THE COAST RECORD.
£ ?= r=- <» 5
§ |||| *i 2» I
STATIONS. I If! I II I? £
c c • • o
: ? ? : : f
Baker 30.00 76 42 X W Cloudy .00
Carson 23.r»4 74 4S SW Cloudy .00
Eureka UO.ly 60 4% W Clear .00
Fresno 2t».J?S S4 58 S Clear .00
S.E. Farallor..a->.ol tM 59 N Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff ,...23.!«J 72 4O SW CleaT .0u
Pocatello 2».!M SO 46 SE Pt.C.dy Tr.
Independence .23.0i> 78 54 SB Clear .00
Lcs Angeles.. 30.00 60 56 W Clear .00
Ml Tarsa!pais3<>.07 70 66 S Cloudy .00
North Head.. 30.02 60 48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 23.8»J 8«J 40 NW Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.03 62 54 X Fcg .00
Portland 20. £3 70 42 S Cloudy .l>0
Red Bluff 2*.!» 84 4S SE Pt.Cldy .00
Rcetburg 3i>.02 76 44 N Clear .t>0
Sacramento ..23.93 S2» 56 S Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake ...29.90 KO 56 NW Pt.CJdy .(•>
t£-r Francisco. 3>t. OS 6<J 58 \V Cloudy .00
S. L. Otispo..30.fH 74 48 * W Clear .00
San Diego 29. 9S 74 CO .\TV Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.00 66 42 W Clear .00
Spokane 30.02 72 42 XE Cloudy .CO
Tatoosh 3O.»iO 58 46 SW Clear .00
Walla Wal!a..S0.02 CS 49 SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .29.f»« 80 42 W Cloudy .VO
Yuma 23.SS 9<> 62 SW Clear .00
WEATHER COXDITIOXS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails - over the
plateau region and along the Central California
coast: elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains
the weather is clear. Thun<terstorms are re
pcrted at Winnemucca and Pocatello.
The pressure haa fallen over Washington
and remained nearly stationary In other di
rections.
The temperature changes have been slight
in all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 21:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Wednes
day; light ¦west wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, with thunder
rtorms In the mountains. •
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
llsht west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair TTednesday.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster (temporarily in charge).
V.-EPTPORT— Sailed Sept 20 — Stmr West
port, for Fan Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Fept 20, 9 p m—
Stmr Coon Bay. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Alcatrat.
for San Francisco.
MONTEREY— Sailed Sept 20. 3 p m— Stmr
Northland, for San Francisco. In tow.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 20— Echr
Dauntle«s, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 20— Bktn
Skagit, from WInsIow.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 19— Schr Alice
Cooke. for Port Townsecd.
Arrived Sep 20 — Schr W. H. Marston, bence
Sept 1.
EASTERX PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 18— Br stmr In
orasaroha. from Boston.
FOREIGX PORTS.
COLOMBO— Arrived Sept 1— Ger stmr Nu
bia, from Yokohama, for New York.
BATA VIA— Arrived Sept S — Ger ftmr Ger
manlcus. from Mororan.
CORIXTO — Arrived Sept 2 — Ger stmr Pen
taur, from Hatr.burjc. Sept 3 — Ger itmr Xlca
rla. from HunbKrr.
GEXOA— Arrived Sept « — Ger stmr Neko,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived prior to Sept 19—
Echr Oarr.tle. frcm Port Gamble.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Auk 19— Br stmr
Athol. frcm Singapore. Aujc 2.1 — Br stmr Sels
<5on, from Xew York.
Sailed Aue 2S — Ger stmr Nubia, for New
York.
TSINTAU— Sailed Eept 8 — Br stmr Totten
ham, for Taku .
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Sept 6 — Ger etmr
Luxor, for Hambunr.
CARDIFF— In pert Sept 6— Fr bark Neuilly,
for Stn Francisco.
CALCUTTA— Sailed Sept 7 — Ger itmr
ScKwanenfelp. for Boston.
CALLAO — In port Aug: 16 — Br ship Paes of
Balmaha. for .
Sailed Sept 10— Br stmr Cella. for Guaya
quil.
LIZARD— Passed Eept 17— Ger ship Najade,
frcm Rotterdam, for New York.
FERNANDO DE NOROXHA— Passed Sept
15 — Br ship Museelcrag, from Junin, for Wil
mincton, D C.
1QUIQUE— In port Aug IS— Br ship Largle
more, for San Francisco.
MARSEILLES— Sailed Sept 17— Br stmr In
draoura for New York.
KAICHAU— Arrived Sept IS— Schr "WUHam
Bowden. from Oregon.
JUNIN— Sailed E«pt 10— Schr Lottie Carson,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMA8 — Sailed Sept 18 — Stftr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 20.
Stmr Coquiile River. Adler, 36 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr F. A. Kilbum. Thompson. • hours from
Pert Rodders.
Stmr Pomo. Ahlin. 12 hours from Albion.
Stmr Afognak. Moller, &Vi days from Ko
diak.
Ftmr Corona. Glelow. 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Newport, Coming, 4 hours frcm Half
moon Bay.
Schr H. D. Bendtxsen, Trnnnell, 11 days
from Blakeley.
Schr Glen. Thomas. 9 <Jay« from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. September 20.
Stmr Korea. Seabury. Hongkong, Manila.
Nacp.'aki Kobe, Yokohama and Honolulu; P
M S S Co. -2
Nor «mr Hero. Syvertsen. Tacoma: master.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 20.
U S «tnir Perry, Echofleld. San Diego.
Stmr Korea. Seabury. Honolulu and Yoko
hama and Hongkong.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Thompson. Port Rodg-
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. Mahukona.
Sunr Bonita. Smith. San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Je5sen, Eureka.
Etrr.r Fultos. Panzer. .
Stmr South Ccast. Olsen. Caspar.
Schr A!pha. Jensen, CoquiUe River.
Schr Forest Horr-e. Anderson. Port Angeles.
Tug Defiance. James. Monterey.
6POKEX.
Sept 17— In lat 21 north, lonr 20 west. Ger
ehip Flottbek, from Harsburg. for Santa Ro
salia.
June 23 — In lat 41 south, Jong 53 31 wwt,
Fr bark Genevieve Moliuos, from Swansea,
for San Francisco.
Aug 15 — In lat S 33 north, long US 15 w*»t,
Br bark Airoa, Bay. from Hongkong, for Cal-
TELEGRAPH1C.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 20. 10 p. m.— Weather
lotty; wind southwest: velocity 8 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 18—
Eunr Bee. frcm San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 20 — Etmr Bee. for San Fran
ctsco.
SEATTI>E— Sailed Sept 19— Stmrs Cottage
City and Valencia, for Skagway.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr City of Pnebla. for
Ban Francisco: etmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Columbia,
fcr San FrancUcr..
Sailed Eept 20 — Stmr George Loornla. for San
Francisco.
SAX PEDRO — Arrived Sept 50— Etmr Charles
Kelson from Taeema.
galled Sept 20 — Echr Prosper, for Port TOwn
"bELLINGHAM — Arrived Sept 20— Stmr
Rainier, fcence Sect 15.
TACOMA — Arrived Sept CO — Stmr Mackinaw,
'eUREKA — Arrtred Sept 20— SUnr Pomona,
'Arrived 8*pt 20— Stmr Alliance, hence j
£*"'t 19- 1
Sailed Bept 20— Etmr North Fork, for San
F GRAIS' HARBOR— Arrived Sept 20— Etmr G.
C Llndauer. hence Sept 16.
'Sailed Sept 19— Etmr Coronado. for San
Pedro.
EKAGWAY — Sailed Eept 19 — Stmr Jefferson,
for Seattle.
W1XSLOW— Arrtred Eept 20— Bark Hesper,
hence Aue 30.
Sailed Sept 20 — Bktn Skagit. for Port Gam
"pORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Eept 2— Scar
Oth, Seionve. for .
TATOOSH ISLAND— Pa«ed In Fept 20 — Bark
Colcma. from San Diego, for Port Uamble.
Passed In Sept 20— Schr Transit, from San
Pedro, for HaClock.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 20 — Schr Kona,
from Gray* Harbor.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 20— Schr J.
M. Weatberwax. bence Aug 31.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 20 — Ptmr Na
tlosal Ctty. hence 6ept 1»; barje Tidal Wave,
hence Bept 1». . ¦¦ : . ,. f . ¦ -i
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TO ARRIVE. j
Steamer. f Frorni ( Due. I
Elizabeth j Coquille River iSept. 21 t
ban Pedro ( San Pedro Sept. 21 |
¥?* th Tacoma ISept. 21 |
Ncnli Fork. . ! HumbeSdt iSept. 21 !
» ai V"a- Humboldt ISept. 21 i
Argo i Eel River Ports 'Sept. 21 '
Aurelia • Portland & Astoria !Sept. 21 i
* ical "ia ! Hamburg & Way Ports.'sept. 21 i
J. Higgins i San Pe-iro (sept. 21 !
Coob Bay San Pedro & Way Pts>"ept 21 !
Columbia ] Portland & Astoria iSept* "1
Homer Humboldt iSept. °1 •
Enterprise Hllo iSepu "° !
Ccronado Grays Harbor .JStpt 231
Chico Coquille River 'Sept' 2°''
Gaelic China & Japan 'Sept. 22*
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt Arena SeptI "2:
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Wav Pts 'Sept •*•» ;
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor ."'s«?pt" S '
Del Xorte Crescent City 'Sert" 23
Eureka Humboldt Sept.* 23 i
Chehalls San Pedro "'Sept. 23
Pomona Humboldt isept. 23 ¦
Rcdondo Portland & Way Port»Sept* **3 "
Centennial ! Seattle & Tacoma iSept 23 i
City Puebla.. | Puget Sound Ports... ISept 23 ¦
San Juan \ Xew York via Ancon.iSept. 23 :
Santa Monica.- San Pedro ISept 24 «
Xevadan .Honolulu & Kahului...i:jept. "*4 i
Bonita j Newport & Way Ports.iSept 23 I
Arctic : Humboldt ISept. 25
G. W. Elder. . ' Portland & Astoria. . . .-SeptT "9 '
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Pts Sect *"8 '
Rainier 'Seattle & BeHtnghanvisept" 28 ; .
Corona j Humboldt ISept "*0 ;
G. Llndauer. . I Grays Harbor 'Sept." 28 !
Curacao I Mexican Ports jSept **7 !
Arcata I Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'jSept. 27 i
Porno | Point Arena & Albion.. [Sept. 27
Breakwater. ..; Coos Bay 'Sept. 27 j
Umatitla Puget Sound Ports
City Sydney.. NVw York via Ancon.jSept 28 i
Alliance Portland & Way Port».]iOct. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma !Oct. 1
TO SAIL. . — —
Steamer. Destination. Sails. [ Pier.
September 21. |
San Pedro.. Humboldt 2 pm' PIT 2
Elizabeth... iCoquiile River 5 pm'Pler 20 ;
Montara ! Seattle direct 4 pm'Pier 11
Arctic I Humboldt 9 ami Pier 2 '•
Breakwater.; Coos Bay direct 5 pmiBJer S?
j September 32. I
Coronado... 1 Los Angeles Ports. 10 am:Pler 10 S
Corona ! Humboldt U:30piPler 8:
Pcmo ipt. Arena & Alhionl 6 pm^Pier 2'
State of Cal.; San Diego & Way.) 9 amipier 11
Queen Puget Sour.d Ports.|ll am. Pier 9 ;
Oregenian. . ! Xew York j pj^r 23 !
Arcata ' Coos B. & Pt. Orfd^lO am Pier 13 ;
Samoa .' Lcs Angeles Ports.! 10 am Pier 2'
September 23.
Xorthland.. Astoria A Portland 5 pm.PJer 27
Cbehalla Grays Harbor 3 pmiPier 2J
S. Barbara.. Log Angeles Ports. 10 am'Pier 2 '
Argo .'Kf! River Ports... 4 pmiPier 2 ;
Homer j Humbcidt 5 pmtPler 8'
I September 24. |
8. Morlc«...j Grays Harbor .... 4 pmiPier 2|
Pt. Arena...! Point Arena 4 pni.'Pier 2J
Coo« Bay... 'San Pedrn & "Way. 8 amPler 11
Chico Coquille River 6 pmjPier i 2
Aurelia ! Astoria & Portland! 5 pmiPier 27
Columbia... Astoria & Ponlandlll ampler 24 ;
Peru.... 1 N". Y. via Ancon...jl2 m'Pler 40'
: September 25. J
S. Rosa. -Sap. Diego & Way.! 9 amIPier 11 '¦
Pomona 'Humbcidt )l :30 p'Pter 9"
Eureka. . . . . Humbcidt j 9 amIPier 13 ;
• September 26. | |
N. Forlc|--- Humbcidt |12 m|Pler 20 ..
"¦ J September 27. I |
City Puebla. I Puget Sound Porta.lll amIPier 9 j
September 23. ! (
Centennial.. Seattle Sc Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20 •
Bonita Xewport & Way... 9 amipier 11 !
September 29. I j
Xevadan.... Hono. & Kahulu!..! 3 pznlPler
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 20 '
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor I 4 pm'Pler 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way 1 2 pmiPier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandill am'Pier 51
October 1. J |
Gaelic China & Japan.... •( 1 pm'Pier 40
San Juan... X. Y. via Ancon..| 12 . mjpier 40
FROM SEATTLE^ ~
Steamer. ¦ Destination. f Sails. ,
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports.'sept. 21 •
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Port*. Sept. 21
Jefferson Skagway A Way Ports. Sept. 25 I
Farallon..... - Skagway ic Way Ports.isepu 27
Santa Clara.. Seldovia & Way PortsJOct. 1 '
Roanoke...... Xome 4; St. Michael.. | Oct. 1 !
Victoria. Xome & X. E. SiberiajOct. 4 1
Movements of Steamers.
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is th-» came at both places.
WEDNESDAT. SEPTEMBER 21.
Sun rises 5:56
Sun sets 6:0$
Moon sets 3:00 a. m.
~ iTime- STlme: ITimej . ITime!
= j f Ft. ; Ft. i • Ft. : ! Ft.
"' :L wi ,h wj :l w; JH wj
21 I S:OT| f>.4 10:(»;: 4.9^ 3:27! 2.3; 9:05' iU
22 i 3:4«5; 0.6.10:40! 5.0i4:05i 2.0|10:20| 4.8
2.J ! 4:22 0.8111:06]: 5.1| 4:43; 1.7Jll:0O 4.«
24 ! 4:53; 1.011 :.H', 5.0; 5:17j 1.5 11:4O' 4.7
25 5:22; 1.0,11:57; 4.9i 5:52! 1.3' i
|h w: ;l w [h w» il. wi
26 t t>:15' 4.6; 5:44! l.C 12:1S) 4.9 «:2<> 1 1
27 i 0:00 i.ol ii:Si 1.9|12:42; 5.0] 7:03; 0.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the eariy morning tiies are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as ir> time; the
fourth time cr>lumn gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but Jhree tides, as
sometimes occurs. , The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
IV cat her Report.
To China — 17.7."-' bbls f.cur. 16.500 lbs pearl
bariey. 1935 lbs h».rn and baocn. .*J43S lbs
ch«rese. S5 ea canned saJmcn, 17<>» lbs c"d
t«h, 23S pkgs groceries and previsions. 24'»)
lbs dried fruit, 4224 lbs beans. 21 ikgs tatle
rrejarations, CS2 cs assort**! car.red gt>id*.
4*0 ;.-.*- fresi: fruits, o c« salad oil. 103 gala
wine. 73,790 lbs dried fish. 4<>.7<4 Its tobacco.
f'2 r-kfrs cigars and cigarettes. i50> lbs gin
ter^. 1000 flasks yuickitilver. 17 ;k« iron.
To Philirpin* Islands — 16.GT.0 lbs 15 cs
tread. 524K cs assorted canned oods. SO cs
hor.e>". &1 cs syrun. 50 cs charries.
516 lbs sugar. 247 pkgs table preparation. 70
lk?s fresh fruit. 73 cs salad oil. .'.94 cs canned
salmon. 23 c» ba>tr.e powder. 42'»"i lb« meal*,
25.579 lt« beans. 62G cs whisky. Ill cs liquor?.
S cs mineral water. 5 cs clives, lf>5 lbs cheese,
SO pkgs paste. 525O lbs lard. 4S5 bales hay.
46 pkgs agricultural implements. 16 pkgs tank
material. 3 cs s.rms and ammunition. 33 pttgs
drurs. l'*» casks 240 fcbls l>eer, 24 pkgs eler
trical ru^liee, 12 bdls brooms. 2 cs hats. 4S
res pipe. CJ pkgs machinen". 1C» pke? millwork.
10 rolls cf case leather, 20 cs ammonia, 14,905
ft lumber.
To East Indies — 17H9 cs assorted canned
pxxis. 22y cs canned salmon. 60 pkgs machin
ery 4 crts sewing machines. 230 lbs nuts,
3005 lb« dried fruit.
To Korea. — 16& pkgs groceries and provisions,
63 tb!s flour, *S cals wine. 7 cs candy. 257
lbs Bats, 46 rfcjrs table preparations. 1040 lbs
che*se. 2T"» lbs surar. 741 lbs drie.1 frutts
and raisins. »2 cs canned gcoda. 50 pkgs 2 bars
•tee! 4 cs' electrical supplies, 4 cs dry goods.
7 cs toap. CO coils w-.re. 3 reels wire rope.
10 bdle pipe.
To Ecypt — 12S cs canned goods.
To Siam— 6 cs canned goods. 1 case canvas.
To Honolulu— 7 cs dry goods.
lb= raisir.s. 5 ctls oats. 300 lbs coffee, GOO lbs
lard. 11 pkgs fresh fretts. 1>341 lbs 8 cs dried
fruit. C2 cs canned salmon. 335 pkgs table
f reparation:.. 20.134 lbs eugar. 520 lbs meals.
1*9 pkzs groceries and pro\-isions. 1W1 rolls 4
o a leather. C85.540 lbs taa bark. Kl cs rubber
¦hoes. S4O lbs cascara tark. 63 flasks quick
silver. 47 c«> ntb*r ?3oc«. li~(j>> bales cotton.
fcJ5<> lbs crude rubtxer. 146.244 lbs sheet lead.
14. CZ-0 lbs lead rir>e. &4 rkgs machinerj". 5
fkfs steel plates, 25 pkgs bicycles and sun
dries, 10 pkgs agricultural implements, 2>>»9
pkgs roofing material. 5 pk?s dry goods. 40
coils rope. W cs nails. 23 pk?» electrical sup
plies. 142 rkgs tirjgs and suniriee, 164 bxs
f : •.; . 3 fcors-es.
BARK RUTH. FORMERLY KXOWX TO FAME AS THE SHARPSHOOTER. WHICH WAP OXCE TOWED FROM GUATMAS TO
THIS CITT BY THE SPRECKELS TUG FEARLESS AFTER SHE WAS DISMASTED IX A FIERCE GALE. XOW BEIXG
CHAXGED TO A COAL HULK. ,
IJner Korea Sall«.
n w^:i ne a r=e=jcrat;e meeting snouia tae
Pacific Mall liner Kcrea. which called for the
'.-:ent yesterday, and the Russian crui«r
cCot*a epe*.k each ctier somewhere out en the
Pflflf. There would be a lack of cordiality
~n the part oi the liser, but the craiser wou!3
icubtieas be gia.d to s*e her namesake. Th«
Uu&&:&.n Kcrea would get a fine vtM-e!, over
tens cf cargo— much cf it contraband,
F375.0W tn treasure ce*::ned fcr Japan, which
rr.ight all be c>ritrabisd. kiid aeveral hunired
[-ksse^eers. The Crar wouli probably glorify
'Jbm rkipper who would take a rnxe like thi«
Scto port.
P.ezs Admiral Charles J. Train. C. S. X..
tnd his Cfcg officer. Lieutenant Commander
Itofer Weiis. are aboard the Korea, on theli
»£.}• to the As;atic statics, where Admiral
Trair. will assume crnaiaand cf the United
¦tates naval bvea in ihcae waters.
The fol'ow:r^ is tht cabin pisssTiffer list:
For Hoa'jlulu^ — M. lirasch and wife. A. X.
CairpbeU. U. P. liwjcr. MiM 21. B. Fanning,
0. Gay. Mrs. J. S. .Gay. *\ A. Galbraith and
w;f«\ Judgt- A. c. Hartwell. C R. Hemenwaj
tnd w;fe. 51ns. Hutj Isenberg. J. Kolinsky,
Mrs. J. Lur.Jr. M:« Esther Lando. Gecrge W.
Mac^rlice Mit* M. E. Maty, J. F. Mcrgan,
ilrt. William Mutch. Mrs. J. B. Rellly. Mr».
H. S. ncbisscs. X. S. Sachs and wife. J.
Dean Tcw=e ana wife. Rev. E. B. Turner.
w:f#- ar.d two children. X. <5e R. Wfcitehcuse,
v-;~ nT.-i roaid. Mr». H. F. Wlckman aiul »on.
2d!?» F3cr»-rcif R. Terrcw.
¦ Yokoiiitma — E^igtne Bamberger, Misa S.
H. Lafour Cade. ff;:!;sa 11. Krskise and wife.
J. M. Fwguscn ai:d sender. Dr. Alfredo
S. Kirc?e, Mie* L. Imhoff. Rev. E. T.
-rt. ilr* M M. Kuhas. Y. Mayumi. Dr.
K L>. SCcCoy uad wife, K. Xaka»hima, J.
STtaasn. Mrs. W. H. Pile. E. Roger*. Rev.
'j. M. P.:«;«r.i. Mrs. G. 31. Rcwland a^id
dasghxer. K. Watasabc. C. Wittmam.
r^r Kobe — A. L. Lnigpan. W. C. I>a Pea,
2. E. Fitzgerald. Duke Marshall. M. Okada.
Mr* K. M. Orgtm arid three childrta.
Fcr Xapasski— Bishop J. W. Barhfcrd ar.3
w;'e. J B:rrbauti! and wife. Miss a. A.
Boor.". J. E. Brown. Re\: A. Britzbach. Mie«
E. H. Butler. Mi* X. J. CUrk. Mrs. E.
'r-.irr.b^riain, D. E. I>stnnesberg and wife.
t'rkr.k Oirrett wife ar.d two children. J.
LIc-G. G.i: Jr. M*'or M. I>. Hearn. J. Hunt.
i:>* C. M. Jetsam. Rev. E. C. Jones. Rev.
E. Ktibofer, Dr. E. A. Laytcn. Mrs. E. A.
Levtc-n and itfant. Miss C. E. Ma-ddcck, Miss
S. Murray. George W. Muller, Miss Alice
Peters. Rev. C. E. Rar.ck. Rev. C. S. Settle-
Tieyer, Rrr. O. A. Ftuart. wife and child.
¦:..-i- Anna Stuart. Mis* G. G. Stuart. Miaa
rera Stuart, il.ta Alcy O. Stuart, Miss Liilie
;• - y.i~ ¦.—¦!. V TVwTr.ar.. T. Q. Cocburn.
1 F. Coyyace. M. W. Creash. Dr. A. Farea
i '.t. f. S. X.. W. G. Fitxserald, L. S.
Soddard. E. C. Jt=uflea, Mrs. E. C. Jamiycn.
>*r». A. M. Kelly, Mrs. M. Kelly. Rev. John
Mr*. John Lamb and inf*ct, M. M.
>>v*rir^r i.nd wife. W. W. Lewi*. Hen. J.
J. LiddeiL Mis* M. McKay. William E.
CLllahca. J. H. Pnelps. J. W. Prestos Jr..
*. S. Roach, R. B. Robinson. A. E. Scmer
•UJe ar.<! two chS14r«-i. L. M. Soathworth, S.
¦ John M. s?witxer. Mr*. M. K.
::-. rrpsc^i and two children. H. M. True
lood J. H. Vi;:ec€uve, Lieutenant Oosi
-.ar.der Rcp^r Welles R. A. Wilber. T. St.
OkB. Rf-ar Admiral Chariee J. Train.
For Hcr-gkcng— J. F. Barry. R. L. Beek
ar. esd *"ife. WiUiata W. Borden. O. C.
{roc:.. E. Brockhwa. VT. H. Cambridge.
:. D. rwige. W. C. Eriman. Dr. B. Grand.
1. Gufrplmsn. llrt. K. L. Guild. C. H. How
&r.d and wife, B. G. Johntrin. W. B. Jones.
i. K. Kat-fc-r. Rev. J. Kempf. G. F. L«
¦eyre ar.d wife. Harry L»-ntz. Sidney Lentz.
. C. M < -Cc!loBxh ar.d wife. Mr». H. TV.
>athen and k>o. H. F. Cmranaer and wife,
' r.iiis Ilev. A. J. Robb. Gustav Schwerdt,
P. 5'ark* and wife, Pr. V. Ftorz. Miss
B. TorrMK*. Hngh White, Miss B. M.
\accx. K. WUUnk. J. L. Tost. Dr. R.
"-•rrritx.
Fbr Honolulu — C. D. Clark and wife. Dr.
I A. McCc=n»iI. Count H. d« Motstaigne. C.
iOAen. Mr». C. R»h:«n. Miss M. Khimp. Mrs.
The coal hulk Ruth was towed yes
terday from Oakland to Folsom-street
. hart, where she will be fitted out
v ::h engines and self-dumping hoists
I ;. the Western Fuel Company for the
: . . • of transferring coal to vessels
:¦. the bay.
From a trim little bark, spreading
her white canvas 10 the sea winds, to
. to^l hulk tied up at a wharf bunker
;.- the history of the vessel. .Nine years
iigo 5he was towed into this port from
Guaynias, dismasted and two-thirds
\»- recked. She was then the bark
. :; -hooter- and her fight with a ter
rible storm off the Mexican coast dur-
Inz .•^pt^iTiber. 1S95. was heroic. Cap
':^::x Watt, her master, had his wife
i-r.i three small children aboard the
l:.rk that was struggling for life in the
tr-fp of the tempest. When the masts
v-ere blown out of the vessel and she
v~s ¦ helpless hulk, reeling over the
Etonn-ewept waves, Captain Watt
threw overboard a sealed bottle con
• ..r.;r.?r a brief account of their plight
r;d the location of the drifting wreck.
The message was found and a Mexican
-..ar vessel sent to their relief towed
:he Sharpshooter into Guaynias. She
v as brought to this port by the
Spreckels tug Fearless — a long tow of
ovtr 1S00 miles.
The martless halk. repaired and re
r.tted, returned to commerce as the
i arker.tine Madeline, owned by several
v.ater front merchants, but she was
i.ot a success. Her awful fight with
the storm of the Mexican coast ap
; crently disabled her for all time and
j-h* finally fioated into Oakland Creek
and lost her standing as a sailer. Her
:ane was again changed and she be
(»rr.e the Ruth. Months of idleness
followed, however, and then the West
ern Fuel Company, her latest owners,
took the masts out of her, leaving the
headspars, and dropped her to the
isr.oMe status of a coal hulk.
Steamship Korea Departs
for Her Oriental
¦ Destination.
NOTED CRAFT SHARPSHOOTER, NOW KNOWN AS THE
BARK RUTH, IS BEING FITTED UP AS A COALING SHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
x *^~a3 t> N v Train* leave and are d««
/^Vrn>y\ to.rrlT.af
ffu^2|S Ay FRANCISCO.
\j« s^^^«v/ Fxxit Dxrorr
\*S_L>^ (Toot ef Xarke: Street.)
" tT » - MAIN LINE. - a*«t«
7.00a VacaTtUe. TTlaurm. Ramsey- 7 60»
7.00a Bea'.cla. Elatra aad S.ieraaenso.. 7-23s»
730a Y»:>>. Xapa, Ca'ititora, Saata
Ro»a. MsrUoei. Saa Oamoa i20»
7-Wa K lies. Tracy. Lataro?. Stockton .... 7-20*
B-COAShsita Express— (Via DaTli>.
Tvciittoi (fcr Banian Spr'ag*).
Wttiowa *rrasa. Ked BioX
Portlani Taeoaa. Seat::* 7-58»
• COa Davta. Woodland. Ks!t!iii U»=-i:=i
JiaryiTine. Cileo. OroTlllo 7-50*
I *0a Fort Coat a. Mart!aez. A _:':><¦ a.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loe Baaoa. Mendota,
Arsons, Bastard. Via alls.
Portermie 4J0»
e -53a Per; Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Frtuo, Oot&an Jsact2.->a. Haa-
f 3rd. Vlaalla, BakenSeTd 453*
C-50A N"rt. 8aa Joae. LlTermore. Su>ek-
tos. (-M:::oai. leae. dacraaeato,
MarysTUle. Caico. Ked B'a2 .... 420»
8. 30a Oskdale. Ch!aeae. Juatiura, 3o-
norv Taolussae aai i:j?'.i 4-20*
8 COa At!»3t'.eSx?r-i» — Ojrie a aa4 E»«:. 5 23*
UOABleamoad. MarCaex and Way
Stat!oas I 5C»
10 CO* The OrerUad Ltolted — ujrdea-
Oaaaa. Chlcasa, UeaTer,K»s«&a
City. Su ho'ii* ,5S*
10J50A V»:!ejn 12.23*
1 O.COa Loa Asr^' Pajaea^er — Port
Costa. Uarttaez. Byroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stock toa. Merced.
Raymond. Fretao. Gotaea Jcae-
Con. Ha&ford. Lexnoore. Vlialla.
BakertSe'.d. Los Ance'.e» 7?0»
12.C0m Harward. Xi:esaad War Scatloaa. S.2C*
tiXCPaacraaentoRlTer Steaaers til 00*
J J0p BsaScia. Wjater*. aacrataeawi.
Woodtaad, Willow*. Kaisats
Laadtac MarysTl'le, OroTllla
aad war itatJoaa '2-?5*
SZOf Hayward. Slle« aad Way Statfoaa.. 7 50*
4C0pyartlae».SaalUa->a.ValleJo.Kapa.
ct::roo.s»aui:»». ?22*
4XCp?;nea. TracT. Stock*^>a. Lodl 4 25=»
4.3CPIi*yw*r<l. Mies, lrrlnstoa, Saa I *1 aO-%
Joae. UTermore ) :11.53a
6JK)pTbe Owl Waited— Xewnaaa. Los
Baoos. Mendotv Fresao. Talara.
BakenSe!d.LoaABCSlea. 8.50a
t5-30p Hay-ward. Nllet aad saa Joie 7 2'**
6X0PHayward.5r.es aad SaaJose. 9 ;0a
S4<0PEAitera Express— Opdea. Ocaha,
Ci; -»;o. DeaT«r. Kaana* Ctty,
St. Loaia. ?:» Mar:laez. Stocktoa,
Sacrasteato. Co.'fai. r.*u> 12 5C»
1£Z* K!cin. 03 X. 9sa Pablo. For: Ccsta,
Martfaes aad Way etatioas 1120*
7-OGP Reao Pa»»eater— Fort Costa. Sul-
ssn. Elmira. L'»t:«. Sacral eato.
Traczee. L*»« Tafioe. lleao,
Toaopaa. Sparks 7-BQa
S.CSp Fort Coata. Min:a-i. Ryroa.
Tracy, Lataro?. Mod eato,
Merced. Berrada, Freiso aad
War Statioa* Beyond Fort Cot: a 12-28*
8 OSp Totexoite Va:>y. t!* Bereada aad
Wawoaa 850a
8435p Min'.aex. Tracy. Stockvoa 1020a
8-OSp Oregon A California Ex?re*t — Sae-
raaeate, MaryiTllie. Eeddtag.
PorUaad. Pu<e; Sonad aad East. 8.50a
S.1Q* Hay ward. KUet aad Saa J010 (aca-
aayoaly) . 1150a.
COAST LINE <S»rr.w liaaft).
. (root of Market 3:r?et >
7^4Sa SaataCraxExcurtloa(5andar0Siy> 8-10*
8.15a Newark. CenterrtUe. Saa Joaa.
Feltea, Boclder Craex. b'.g Bac.a,
daata Cms aad Way Statloaa. .. 5 55 »
f9-15A AlTarado. Newark. Ean Jose, Lcs
Oau:«,Gleaw*>od, Felran. R<nsl<ier
Creek. B1» Basts. Saata Cm* 8-10*
t2.15* Kewark. Ceaterrilie. aaa Josa,
Krw Almadaa. Lo» Giu>«.F»:;oa,
Boalder Creek, ftaam Crsx aad
Prlacipal Way Station* 10 55 a
4.15p Sewark, Saa Joie. Loa Gatoe |8 E5a
4.15pWrl(st. Boalder Creek aad Saata
Crci. Satarday and Sunday os:y. >855a
COAST LINE (Bread fca.rtu
t3T*<fa:rd and Tawn«eail Streets.)
6-10a Saa Jot" and Way Stations 8~3T*
t7 00a Saa Joie aad Way Stations 54S*
7.15a Moaterey aad Sasta Cm Ei-jr-
¦loa (Saaday only) 10-30*
800a Sew Aiaadea (Taea.. Fr'.l.. oa!y>. 4-10*
8 00a Tte Coaatrr— Saa Jose. SaT'.aas.
Saa Aria. Paso V.- -y.ts. eaata
Marrarlu. Saa Li'.* ObUpo. Saata
Barbara. San BaeaaTcntura,
Moatalre, Oxaard, Barbaak. L«s
Anreles. .. 10.45*
8 COa Gllroy. Honi»t*r. Cairror'.tle. Del
Meate, Pacific GraTe, Surf, Lcm-
poc 1045*
8.C0a Baa Jose. Tres P:aot.v.-*:«r.-.v::>.
L Capitols. Saats Craz, PaetSe
GroTe, Saliaaa Saa Lois oo:i;»
aad Prlsclpi.: Way Suttoas. ... 4.10*
10-3Ca Baa Jose aad Way Stations 1.2C*
11 -30a Saata, C!ara. Baa Joie, Loa Gatos
aad Way Sbtttoci 7.30»
UCp 6aa Joce and Way Station! 3 33*
tS.CCPDel Moate Express {except 3aa-
day> — Saata Clara, Eaa. Jo«e,
WauriaTilJe. Sasta Crox Del
Moate. MoBtsrey. FaciSe GroTe. fl2.15*
I JCp BurlJasice, Saa Joie. G!Iroy. Hol-
llster. Trea Plaoi.PaJaro.Wauoa-
Tllle. Capltola. Saata Cm, Cas-
trov^Ile. SaUnaa. Pacific Grove... 1045 a
4.30p Baa Joie aad Way Stations "SCO*
tS OOP Santa Clara, -is Joie. Loi (iazoa,
Wright aad yr.nc'.yy: Way £•-_*-
tloaa<excep: Saaday) *9 C2\
|5.39p BaBjoseaadPriaslpalWarStaUoas J343a
6 4Sp SosMt Exprei •.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae.Gilroy.9aIlaJi9.Paso Ksbles.
Baa Lois Oo'.»?o. Saata Barbara,
Loe Aacelca, Demtaa;. El Paao,
l»ew Orleaai. Uew Tork 7.10a,
B.45P Pajaro. WaUoarille. CapttoTa. J » ,- ,-_
Saata Crax. CaitroTllle. Del^r]**?*
Monte. Pacific Grore
tS-15P baaMaieo,Bereifard.Belaont.8aa
Carlos. Bedwood. FVr Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto „.. TS43*
6-30p Saa Joie aad Way Suuoaa. S 35*
8X0p Palo Alte aad Way Statioos 10.15a
11-23P SoataSaaFraadaeo. MUIbrae, Bar- '.
i:ac»=se. San MaMOi, Belaoa^ -
£aa Carlos. Bedwood. Fair Oaks,
Meolo Park, sad Palo Alto 8-4S»
«11 33p M*TCe'.i. Mocatala View. Sana/-
Tale, Lawreaee. Stata Clara aad
aa Jose t9.4S»
A fer Monitor. P for Arteraooav
1 6aa4ay excepMd. i aaaday oaly.
• Saturday oaly. • Moaday oily.
ibtufe a; ait atstloaj es Saaiur.
CALIFOHNU NORTHWESTELM RL Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAH. WAY COXPAKT.
TUnxras retry, root of SCarkst Strta-s.
SA3T TCtAHCXSCO TO 3A3T SATAXXm
WEEK DATS— !:*>. »:«>• »}<*K U:«> a, nv.
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. »:lo. 5:S0. 8:30 aad 11.34
p *n-
eiturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUXDAT3— T:30. 8:0a 9:30. 11:00 a. m.. V.tO,
JJ8 8:40. 3:19. 6:30. 11:30 p. ta.
SAW BAPAEI. TO SA3T PaAHCXSCO.
WE££ DATS-«:06. m.X}. 1:33. T:30. »3*.
UTW a. nu. 12:50. t3:0O. 8:40. a:00. m.ZM.
«:23 P. m.
Eamrdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m. *-**Ji
6XJXDATS— «:M. 7^3. 9:20. U:1S a. O.. J:4*.
8:40. 4:50. 3:00. 5:20. «:23. 7:30 p. m.
tExeegt Saturdays. . _^
Ban rran. I May 1. 190*. I Saa Fran.
¦Week I Son- I Destlaa- 1 Biia- I W«»k
Dmys. I days. I Uea. 1 days. | Day*.
7:30 a . 7:43 s 7:43 a
7-89 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 3:4«> a
sioOa 9:S0a XxaacXx 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p «:£0p 8:2* 9
5:10 p 8:10 p *Z* P T:3S *
8:43 p
-.33. 7-3Oal 7:43al 7:43a
«;Sa »;Si Norato. 10:20 a|w.2O *
2:30 p 9:30 a! Petaluraa «:20p.e:20p
5:10 1 2:30 p and VZ'S™ 9
8:10 p( Santa Acaa. 8:43 pi
T-ifl& 7-30 a ~" 10:20 a|1030 a
8:80 p 2:30 o| 8:43 pj 7.23 p»
7:30 a T:30a HestdsburV- 10:20 a-10^tt »
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserw-tUe. 7:23 PI T:23p>
QoTeraale. 1 t
T?fta! 7-30 a' H05la=d no.70 a'10:S> %
LJoplg^pl and Cklaa. )7^pt7^3>
• I I WllUts. J j
!:S0a| 7:30 a) Sherwood. I 7:25 pi 7:28 p>
"8-Wal 8-0Oa|GTierneTi:ie and 110:20 ajlO:» a
siSpi SjioplCasp Vacauca. I 8:43 p| «:»?
• Aft. «-<y>a " 8:40 al 8:40a
tlOp 2^30 a 80^™*- S:00d8:28i>
*- WP siiQp Gl«a Elea. 8:43 pt
1 an.t T«Oal ' 110:20 a'.10T2O a
t!lo l\ LIS l\ SeoastopoL U:a3 pj i X> p
„.,.„ ecsnect at Sar.ta Rosa far Whit*
c T^^lr^n Md I Mart West Sprte*s; aC
S^i^ftfr Bute's Saaitarrta: at Lyttca for
™)°* serials: •* Geysernile for Skaru
H^s- at CJoverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
2Si?Sil Greenwood: at Hcplandfor L^acaa
SJi?»« HlitTaad Bprtstrs. K«!seynile . CatIs-
wR /nrls« Soda Eay. Lamport aad B*rU*tt
aV'Cklah far Vichy Sprlrp. Saratoc*
f^ S' Rlne Lakes. Lacnl DeiJ Lake. V.itter
i'USK' ewer Lake. Po^s Potter Valley.
f^Jrti Helrtta. Halinile. Orr*s Hot
1*2,"!^ Halfway House. Cosaptehe. Camp
I?«S: Hop^T Me=d3ct=o City. Fort Bn«.
vrStSrt VsaU ' * l WUIlts for Fort Bra«.
WertSort." Sherwood. Canto. Conrelo Laytoa-
SfeV. G^rberrtae. Fapperwocd, Scotia aad
E^tSday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
d 'on 1 SWJ t da7S— Bonad-trlp tlckeU to *U polats
b«yoad San Kafael at half rates.
¦ncket Office. 830 Market street. Garoelei*
**JA3*L. FBAZIEH. . R. X. BTAIT.
' Gea. Maaacer. . Cea Pi* Aft. ;
•itNRY J. CALLACHEK CO.
(Successors to Flannacan Sc Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBAI.MF.R3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Sooth 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Fuaeral Dlrtctors and Emhalmars
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn, Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Emhilrners
214 Eddy st. Tel South 57*.
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
f| CALIFORNIA §f
I LIMITED TO CHICACO |
i LEATES HOXDiTS tad THOASD&TS f]
K at OtfO a, m., through la 3' daya, ¦
B with diaer aad all trapping-*. W
Oth«r Baste r* Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 teT Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
lioo ?I nt J Merced. Hanford aad Visalla.
4:00 pi to. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyoa aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFriCES — 641 Market St. aad
Ferry Seoot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad,
way, Oakland, CaL 27 South First St*
8an Jose. [
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
HILL VALLEY, .
CAZADERO. Etc
Via SaoMllto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6 3o! 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 £
«{vio a. m. SausaUto only). 12:20. 1:43, 3;ii
4-00. *:». »:15. »=50. 6:2?. 7:lfi. »:00. 10^a
li -35 F- n>- Sundays and legal holidays depart
it 7-10 • :tf ' 8:5 °- • :15 « 10:0 °- ":«>iT«
! il 12:20. 1:00. 145. 2:30. 3:13. 4.^00 "35*
V 'jFnlxe at Ean Francisco, week days. 6-it
7W 7-S5. 8:15. 8:45^ 9:M. 10:20. UsBV£'
VMW 1.25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 5:05. 3:40. J-u
tt'wTf-M. 10:06. 11:23 P. m. On Sundays ?aad
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2tf£
8 For^Falrfaa. week days, depart at 7:43 a. nx.
2 15 P. m- On Sundays and legal holidays at
f;45.»:13. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1KXH, i : Ji
P " "* THROUGH TRAINS.
. 1.45 a. n. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
¦ :15 a. m. Eondays only— For Point Reyes.
«tc
3:13 p. rn. dally except Sunday — For Caaa-
dero. etc
8:16 p. ra.. Sundays only — For Caaadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— €23 Market at.
FERRT — Unicn Depot, foot of Uarket at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lear* TU fciuliu t my Airlw
Ban grandson Net ef aarttt n. San rraa<i»a»
Week I 8mn- t^" I Son- Week'
Day*, day*. /fSffljffiOjk dara. Daya.
830a R2£9iE32H I2;*5 f • &45*
10:00a WSzggaSf 2:O9r»t1:0Sa
10:00a 11:00 a Vf^Sgy 3:35 r 3:35 r
t:45r!2;20r \h5S27 B:«0r 6:15 1
»:1Sr] 1:45 r \&Vjr 6:13 r ifcOil
........ *Mr asBoH .....—.
•TUfimttytar. » ft—lsUs to 1O t»D»y.
Ticxrr itZfi Waxxkt Br. (Netth Shore Raflroeidl
Omen land Saceauto Fsxjkt. t »ot Uaxttt St.
AGARD— In Oakland, Cal.. September 19, 19M.
Joseph J.. beloved husband of Sabra L.
Agard. and father of Arthur F. and Merta
V. Aeard. a native of New York, aged 6t>
years and 5 months.
ATKINSON-»In this city, September 20. 1904,
Ellen Edith, beloved daughter of George F.
and Sarah Atkinson, end sister of David R.
and Fredrick H. Atkinson and Mrs. J. U.
Flack, a native of San Francisco, Cal.. aged
19 years 5 months and 23 days.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. at the residence
of her sister, Mrs. J. M. Flack. 2921 Folsom
street, between Twenty-flfth and Tweaty-
eixth. Interment private.
BRODERICK— In Oakland. September 19.
1904. John Broderick, beloved hu?band of
Ellen Broderick, and father of Eleanor. Mar-
garet. Eveline and the late Katie Broderick,
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
SS years ar.d 4 months. ¦
CTTrtends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday).
September 21. at 8:30 a. m.. from his late
residence, 1274 Thirteenth avenue, thence to
St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
Quiem high mass will be celebratel for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
BRUNS — In this city, September 19. 1904. John
P Bnin«. beloved brother of Mrs. J. Dunn
and Mrs. Ann Pitt, a native cf San Francisco,
aged 45 years and 6 months. A member cf
May field Ledge. I. O. O. F.. and Brother-
hood of Carpenters No. 161. of San Mateo.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Six:h, and thence by C:30
p. m. train to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
interment. „__,
BUSBY— In Oakland. Cal.. September 20, 1904.
Mary, wife of the lat? Edwin Busby, and
mother of Emma L. Busby and Mrs. J. E.
Angwin of Dunsmuir. Cal.. a native of Eng-
land, aged 72 years and 3 months.
COSTELLO— In this city. William Costello. be-
loved husband of Sarah Costello. and father
of Richard W Joseph V.. Francis J. and
Alice M. Costello. a native of Rathkeale.
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 72 years.
(New York and Cincinnati papers please
ccj> v. )
cfyThe funeral will take place Wednesday
morning September 21. at 9 o'clock, from
his late residence. 923 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
tbe repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
CROWE — In Suisun. Solano County, September
18, 1904. John F., beloved eon of the late
Thomas 'and Bridget Crowe, and brother of
Thomas Crowe and the late Mrs. John Mc-
Cauley a native of Michigan, aged 2S years
1 month and 11 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 a. tn.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. S66 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Crose Cemetery.
DI VOLL— In Oakland, Cal.. September 20.
1904 at 9iT Poplar street, James G.. beloved
husband of Lydia A. Di Voll. a native of
Newbury. Vermont, aged 73 years ? month*
and 12 days.
HANSEN — In the City and County Hospital,
September 20. 1904. Thomas Hansen, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 17 years.
HARRINGTON— In this city, September 20.
1904. at the residerce. corner cf Twenty-first
street and Treat avenue. John, beloved hus-
band of the late Mary Harrington, and father
of Mrs. W. J. Holgersen. a native of Bantry.
County Cork, Ireland, aged !»4 years.
CTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
HORN— In this city. September IS. 1304, Mar-
garet, widow of the late John Hern, and be-
loved mother of Walter. Joseph J. and the
late Frank Horn, beloved sister of Mrs.
Ann McMenomey. Mrs. Mary Fields, Mrs.
Ellen Mannion. Mrs. Bridget Hannon and the
late Mrs. Katie Egan. a native of Drum-
cullouzh. County LJmerick. Ireland, aged 50
years. (Durand. Wis., and Bisbee, Ariz.,
papers please copy.)
and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 a. m.. from her late
residence ltfCO Laguna street, between Post
and Sutter thence to St. Mary's Cathedral.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUMPHRIES— In this city. September 19,
1&04 Jac Humphries, a native of Wooden-
basVt. England, aged 49 years.
HUTCHINSON — In Oakland, Csl., September
20 1904 Anna Children*, belcved wife of
Fallentyr* R. Hutchinson. end mother of
Mrs Ernest C. Pelxctto. Mrs. Bernard Ran-
»ome Mr». William Bull Pringle and Dwight
Hutchinson. a native erf Natchez. Miss.
KENNELEY— In this city. September 19. 1904.
William Kenneley. a native of Ireland, ared
6° years. A member of the Riggers" and
Stevedores' Union, Local Xo. 222. of the I.
L. M. and T. A.
ETTriends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
t Wednesday), at 1 p. m from the funeral
oarlcr* of McGinn & Hansen. 214 Eddy
street between Taylor and Jones. Interment
Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
MARTINEZ— In this city. September. 20, 1904.
Rosa Martinez, a native of Mexico, aged 71
McGRAW— September 20. 19»H. at her resi-
dence 045 Chestnut street, Oakland, CaL.
barah Ellea, wife of Edward W. McGraw.
aged 56 Tears and 10 days.
f^7"Fnneral private.
MIBACH— In Sausallto. September 19. 1904,
• Peter Joseph Mlbach. beloved husband of the
late Cathartna Mlbach. and beloved father of
Mrs Maggie Muller. Mrs. Frank Garrissere.
Mrs' Peter Weber, and Mathlas and Henry
Mibach and the late Michael Mlbach and
Mrs Annie Espel a native of Dahlhausen.
Germany aged 82 years 4 months and 19
flays. A member of St. Panlns D. R. K.,
Unterstutaungs Vereln.
C7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
Gantaer Bros.. 1203 Mission street, between
¦ Eighth and Ninth, thence to Et- Boniface's
Church. = Golden Gate avenae. near - Jones
street, where a ¦ requiem - high ¦ mass will be
DIED.
Agard. Joseph J. McGraw, Sarah E.
Atkinson. Ellen E. Mlbach, Peter Jos.
Broderick. I John Millmore. Joseph
Bruns. John P. Moresi. G. B.
Busby. Mary Nagie, Peter Buck
Co6tello, William Noonen. John
Crowe. Jchn F. Pfuhl. Henry R.
Dl Voll, James G. Plagemann, Louisa D.
Hensea, Thomas Reid. John J.
Harrington. John Shaen. Joseph
Horn Margaret Shively. Lewis
Humphries. Jac Stone. Hannah
Hutchinson. Anna C. Vaughn. Mrs. K.
Kenneley, William Wall. Margaret
Martinez. Rcsa Wempe. W. A. A. M.
DOHRMANN— WEXELBERGER— In this city,
Peptenr.ber 17, IShM, by the Rev. Herman
Gthrcke, John Henry Dohrmann of Oakland.
Cal , and Thsresa Florence Wexelbergcr of
San Franoivo. Cal.
FLOCKHART— WETZOLD— Ia this city. Sep-
tember 10 1004, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
John Flockhart to Lilly Elaa Wetzold. both
of this city.
MODICA— CARRINGTON— In this city, Sep-
tember 19, 19O4, by Justice of the Peace
Thomas F. Dunn, Francis B. Modlca of Kan-
Fas City, Mo., and Clorine Carringtcn of San
Francisco, Cal.
SEGEBARTH— KUHN— In this city, Septem-
ber 18. 1904. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke,
Ernest Segebarth and Louise Kuhn, both of
this city.
MARRIED.
BOWMAN— In this city. September 19. 1904,
to the wife of J. C Bowman, a daughter.
COXKT— In this city. September 17. 1904. to
the wife of Jumes Coary, a sen.
O'LEARI- In West Berkeley. Cal.. Septem-
ber 19. 1W4, to th* wife of Thomas O'Leary.
a daughter.
BORX.
Elrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
j n a t either cf the publication offices aad be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons auth;rlzed to have tbe same- published.
Notices restricted elic^iy td the announcement
of the event are published once ia this, column
Jre? of oharse.
tlhihfc— iiiAKKlAlibS— DtAiilbi
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Ralph W Swain. 20. 1322D Valencia street,
and Mabel L. McMillen. 21, 205 Bartlett street.
George D. Johnson, 41, «33 Minna street, and
Carrie M. Horn, 20. Stockton.
Edward O'Hara 31. 254 First street, and
Mary Foley. 30. 2211 Dupcnt street. * ¦¦
Edward S. Gallagher, 34. 2 Verona street,
and Florence M. Rude. 21. Gcldendale, Wash.
Albert G Brown. 21. 33 Sixth street, and
Mary F. Warren. IS, 4230 Twentieth street.
' Otto V. Van Curen, 33. L09 Angeles, aad
Emma L. Burton, 30. Rayrailtcn. Pa.
George Keach. 40. Sacramento, and Ade-
laide L. Jacox. -2~. Flint. Mich
Joseph P. Neppert. 23. 2i»71 Howard street,
and Lottie Flageolett. 20. 2971 Howard etreet.
Lcuis A. Coltoa. 27. So« Hayes street, and
Edr.a II. An«U. 19, 1C35 Page street.
George L. Raney. 45. Denver, and Hattie B.
Nichols. 34. Roulette. Pa.
John R. Bellman. 2C. 723 Clement street,
and Bertha J. W»l?ert. 21. 13^ Bernard st.
Frank J-_Fciey. 2G. 748 O'Farrell street, and
Ernestine L. Barada, 1«. »76 Sutter street.
Andrew Anderson, 53. 323 H Third street.
and Anna L. Hnell. 37. 320^i Third street.
Eugene Wallace. C5. city, and Victoria War-
hunt 1*, 307 Fourth street.
Giorgio Lucca tsi. 22. 42S Chestnut street, and
Emma Barbonchielli. 18, CT» Broadway.
Robert C. Meyers 21. city, and Anna Lin-
dow IS IS Turk street.
John 'H. M. Benkert. 31. ISO Sixth street,
and Julia C. A. Lachmann. 23. 1107 Treat ave.
Henry J. Smith, 21. city, and Marion Creel-
E2n, IS. city. *;.~--;-.t
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
C7Rezr:ains at the parlors of Carew &
English. S) Van Neas avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
WEMPE— In Oakland, Cal., September 19.
1904, William Anthony A. M. Wempe. be-
loved infant son of William and Maria
Wempe. a native of Saa Francisco, Cal..
aged 4 months and 6 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at l:3O p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 419 Oak street, thence
to St. Boniface's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
t^Frieads and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 a. tn.. from 10» Walnut
street. Interment private. Kindly omit
flowers.
STCNE-^n this city. September 19. 1904.
Hai.naj beloved mother of Jacob. Marcus.
Abraham L.. Leon D. and Belle Stose and
ilrs. B. Sliwheimer. a native of Ichenhausea,
Germany, aged 76 years and 10 months.
CTThe funeral sendees will be held to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m_, at her late resi-
dence. 1458 Franklin street. Interment Homa
o* Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
VAUGHN— In Berkeley, Cal.. September 20.
19C4, Mrs. Kathertae Vaughn, beloved
mother of M. O.. J. C. F. C, G. V., Carrie
L. aad E. L. Feudner, a native of Trieste.
Austria, aged V2 years 10 months and 12
daya (Solano County papers please copy.)
t-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. September 22. ax 2 o'clock p. m.,
at Durgin & B!akeiey*s undertaking par-
lors. Berkeley. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
WALL— In this city. September 20. 19O4. Mar-
garet Wall, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iovit-d to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 P. m.. at the
parlora of Craig Cochran & Co.. 429 Golien
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkin
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MORESI— In this city. September 20. 100*,
G. B. Moresi. beloved husband of Maria,
father cf John and Ida Moresi. and brother
of Daniel Moreai, a native of Switzerland.
«ged 62 years.
NAGLE— In this city. September 19, 1904. at
his residence. 742 C street Richmond Dis-
trict. Peter Buck, beloved father of James
L., Charles G. and Peter B. Nagle. Mrj.
Catherine F. Brown. Mary C. and Clara G.
Nagle, a native of Canada, aged 7T years 10
months and 19 days. (Buffalo, N. T.. papers
please copy.)
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
NOONEN — In this city. September 20. 1904.
John, beloved husband of Caroline Noonea.
a native of Albany, N. Y.. aged 7(5 years 4
month? and S day?.
C?"Frieada are respectfully lavitad to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow <Tfcur»-
day), at 1 p. ra.. at his late residence, 1511
Sacramento street, thence to Masonic Temple,
corner of Post and Montgomery streets. waer»
services will be held at 2 p. m.. under the
auspices of California Ledge No. 1. F. aad
A. M. Interment private.
PFCHL— Suddenly ia Modesto September 13.
1904. Henry R. Pfuhl dearly beloved husband
of Marts Pfuhl. and father of Emil A.. Dor-
othy C. Henry R. and Gussie A- PfuhL a
native of Germany, aged 57 years. (New
York and New Orleans papers please copy.)
CTIntermeat private.
PLAGEMANN— In this city September 19.
100*. Louisa D.. beloved wife of J. F. Plage-
mann, aad mother of Henry G.. Emiiie E..
Oscar F. and Robert D Plagemana. and
sister of Mrs. EmiUe Eickhoff. a native of
California, aged 4G years 10 months and 19
days. (Sacramento. Ca!. papers please copy.)
C7The funeral will take place Wednesday.
September 21. at 10 a. m.. from her late
residence 1C90 Page street, corner cf Broder-
ick. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. Pleas*
omit flowers.
REID— In this city. September 19. 1904. John
J. Reid, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Reid, and beloved father of Etcnf.t R«!d.
a native of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 29
years 9 months and 5 days. A member of
Carmen's Union No. 2G5.
t^ Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. September 21. 13O4. at'Benicia. at St.
Dominick Church, at 9:30 o'clock, where a
requiem masa will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Remains at Golden Gate
Undertaking Parlora.
SHAEN— In thi* city. September 20. 1904.
Joseph, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Shaea. and father of Mrs. Rotowaky, Jacob,
Aaron, Samuel and Peter Shaen, a native
of Germany, aged 76 years and 5 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10:13 a. ra., at
his late residence. 1312 Webster street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
train. Kindly omit flowers.
SHIVELY— In this city, September 20, 1904.
Lewis Shively father of Henry Lawrence
Shively of New York aad Mrs. Edward J.
Fowler of this city, a native of Ohio, aged
70 years. iLcs Angeles, Cal., and Chicago
papers please copy.)
celebrated for the repoee of M» socL com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Crosj
Cemetery. • .
MILLMORE— In this city. September 19. 1904.
Joseph Millmore beloved husband of Carrie
Millmore. and brother of Mrs. E. M. Rhodes
of Seattle. Wash, a native of England, aged
44 years 4 months and 13 days. A member
of Court Eclipse No. 14. F. of A., and In.
ternational Brotherhood of Teamsters. Local
No. $3.CRITICISM
HUMOR
THE TRIM GIRL
GETTING EVEN |
fY\ R S- NEWWED— Jofti, do
III y0U tnlnk that Roosevelt
.1*1 and Parker will be elected?
' . . Mr. Newwed (looking up
quickly)— Why, I suppose one of
them will be elected.
Mrs. Newwed— One of them! Why,
I thought both of them would be
elected.- \., ..,.'¦ ¦{}>
Mr. Newwed— That's impossible.
Mrs. Newwed— Why, McKinley
and | Roosevelt were elected- at the
same time.
Mr.- Newwed— But they were run
ning on the same ticket. ¦
Mrs. Newwed— Well, so are Roose
velt and Parker.
Mr. Newwed' (showing rising an
ger)—They're nothing of the kind. -
Mrs. ' Newwed— Oh, how terrible!
I , thought that Fairbanks .was \ run
ning; against j Roosevelt'and Parker.
Mr.; Newwed— Not , at all. . It's
¦ Mr. Newwed- (visibly irritated) —
He isn't running at all. He isn't a
candidate.
Mrs. Newwed— Well, ' then, why
did. he have such a terrible fignt?
Mr. Newwed — Oh. he was against
the gold plank in the platform.
Mrs. -Newwed — John, what is a
gold olank. Is It real gold, or Just
an imitation?
Mr. Newwed (with a . look ap
proaching ' lunacy) — It's 'simply
called a,plank. It's merely a decla
ration of the principles of the party.
Mrs. Newwed— What party, John?
Mr. Newwed (reaching for his
hat)— You'll have to excuse me, dar
ling. I'm going out on .the porch to
get a little' air.'.
'.'¦""*¦ ". ' *** ¦
Parker and Davis against Roosevelt
and Fairbanks.
Mrs. Newwed— Well, who Is Colonel
Bryan running against? . ,a v -
THE POLITICAL SITUATION.
It is not always the rich but more
often the ooor who are sinners In the
matter of dress.
How often does one see a woman
with a baby on one arm and a couple
of bundles on the other, wearing a
soiled black skirt that trailed several
inches over the pavement. behind her?
Of course, it was horribly in her way,
and her progress was pitiful. : •
One sees over and over again women
struggling to get on or off the trolley
cars with babies or baskets, on their
arms and long, hampering skirts trip-
CARE IN THE MATTER OF DRESS
ping their feet.
The babies and baskets are doubtless
necessary, as the world is at present
arranged. But certainly the trailing
dresses are neither necessary nor suit
able to the occasion.
Poverty does not seem a reasonable
excuse for unsuitable dressing. It may
be necessary to dress plainly, but it is
not necessary to dress foolishly.
Economy Is clearly not the reason for
the sins against good dressing commit
ted by so many women with small in
comes.—Philadelphia Bulletin.
Commander R. E. Peary announces another.dash for the pole in
the near future. " Bids': for the Peary relief expedition will, now be
opened m f^ew York. . „ . .
It may Interest many of your readers
at this season to know that the
troublesome "shooting headache" may
be avoided. by the Insertion of a' tuft. of
cotton .wool in the ears.:-' It-softens the
violence of .'the -concussion- upon .the
tympanum.— Letter : in London : Mall. -
A HEADACHE REMEDY.
Oakland's only lady tonsorial artist has petitioned the Mayor
to grant her the privilege of carrying a pistol. As a reliable weapon
of defense would not one of the "sure cure" hair restorers do the
business?
If one desired to witness the little brown man in a state of high
Oriental calm he had but to walk through Japtown last Sunday when
the news of the Lena's coming had filtered down Dupont street.
The atmosphere cracked as if charged with a high power dynamo!
A young man who' lives in Minne
apolis has beaten the girls of the
Northwest at their own game. He has
taken the first prize at the fair for
"fancy work," a term which includes
all kinds of tidies and doylies and cen
terpieces and pincushions and em
broidery and every other kind of
dainty work with the needle. There
is an element of retribution In this.
The girls have been beating the boys
in school and in the university and
taking their jobs away from them in
all kinds of business. It serves them
right to have a boy get even • with
them on their own ground and beat
them all hollow at their own game. —
Minneapolis Journal. _ T".
TENNESSEE'S former Governor.
Robert L. Taylor, Journalist and
lecturer and noted throughout the
South for his eloquence, added an
other chapter to his romantic career
the other day at Bristol, when he was
married for the third time. At the
home of the parents of the bride in
Chilhowie. Va., Miss Mamie St. John,
one of the prettiest and most talented
young women of Virginia and a social
favorite, became the bride of the former
Governor.
It was a small and informal wedding.
Among the relatives present were Mr.
Taylor's three daughters and two sons,
his brothers,* Alfred A. Taylor, who
was once his opponent in the race for
Governor, and Hugh Taylor.
The bride is a distant relative of her
husband. Her father, Noah C. St. John,
is a lawyer of ability. She is 28 years of
age and was graduated from Virginia
Institute. • Bristol, Tenn.. where she
demonstrated superior intellectual pow
ers and aptness in literary pursuits.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor will reside in
Bristol, the former Governor having
recently sold his palatial residence In
Knoxville in order, as he expressed it,
to get back to the mountains and the
beautiful valley where he was born.
Taylor recently became president of
the Bristol Courier Publishing Com
pany, and aside from his lecture tours
will take a hand In the editorial work.
T'HE announcement of Robert Treat Paine .that he will support
Roosevelt is indicative of the feeling of independent Democrats.
Mr. Paino has been twice the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Massachusetts and finds it now necessary for the first
time in his political career to assert his independence of party.
. By the abbreviated text of his announcement it appears that
he resents the Southern abuse of the President on account of the
Booker Washington incident. As is well known, President Wash
ington had called at the White House. to advise the appointment of
an eminent Alabama Democrat to the position of District Judge of
the United States. The President, about to go to lunch, invited
President Washington to talk the matter over at lunch. The Demo
crat was appointed and his service has given satisfaction to evcrv
body. This has been tortured into the President's indorsement of
social equality between the races, and he has been lampooned and
insulted throughout the South. It is significant that the case was
put in shape for the South by certain trust organs in New York.
But, entirely, aside from President Washington's errand at the
White House, there is an element in the affair that should arrest
the attention of all thoughtful Americans. It has touched Robert
Treat Paine. Booker Washington is the most eminent man of his
time, judged by the hard duty he has set for himself. His race in
this country numbers 10,000,600 people. Since emancipation it has
been led to dream the impossible in the direction of political action.
It has festered in the vices of ignorance, idleness and politics. Booker
Washington advises that it let politics alone. He. tells it that social
equality is as impossible as it is undesirable. He teaches it that its
first duty is the acquirement of the useful arts, to the end that it may
have the self-respect that comes with the capacity for self-support.
Acting upon this thesis at Tuskegee he is teaching negroes how
to live honestly, uprightly and virtuously. He is educating them
in the handicrafts and industries. He is striving with the might of
a strong man and philosopher for their moral and industrial progress.
Suppose every negro in the United States were a follower of Booken
Washington, inspired by his high spirit, living his iclean life, and
acting upon his earnest and improving purpose, would there be
crime and lynchings?
A man is to be judged by his master motive. Tolstoi has had
the sympathy of the world for his efforts in" behalf of the vodka
soaked mujiks of Russia. Bttt his methods demonstrate that he has
attempted this by impossible means. Washington is greater than
Tolstoi, for he goes on a harder task, by possible means, and the
record of his accomplishment entitles him to the respect of every
American who knows that 10,000,000 ignorant and besotted ne
groes arc an increasing menace to this republic. It will not for
ward the work of Washington to treat his color as the badge of
outlawry and spurn and scorn him. These things impress Mr.
Treat, and he is not alone.
DEMOCRATS FOR ROOSEVELT.
The Rev. George W. Brownback,
pastor of the Pilgrim Congregational
Church at Reading, Pa., who adver
tised for a wife, 'received 2000 appli
cants for his hand, and then married
an attractive Paterson, N. J., girl, re
ferred In a recent sermon to the large
number of divorces granted in this
country and then spoke on "the model
husband." His text was Colossians
3, 19: "Husbands, love your wives, and
be not bitter against them." He said
in part:
"The model husband Is one who
thinks more of. his wife than he does
of himself or anv one in the world
"The successful business man keeps
close watch on contracts to see that
they are fulfilled. Husbands, how long
is it since you have looked at your
marriage contract?
"Many a man, without' appreciation
of the beautiful flower he has taken
unto himself, becomes careless and
negligent. A model husband is a man
of good memory. He remembers the
introduction that set his heart flutter-
Ing. He remembers the walks to
gether before marriage. Therefore he
does not get half a square ahead and
then bawl out: 'Susan Jane, for
heaven's sake, why don't you hurry
up? 1
"My model husband doesn't wait un
til his wife dies to give flowers. A
single rose, perfumed with love in life,
is worth more than a dozen wreaths
on the casket lid.
"When you go home put your arms
around your wife and tell her how
sweet and beautiful she is. It may
be stretching the truth, but God will
forgive you and your wife will be
happy.
"Remember how blind you were to
her faults before marriage. If you
have discovered them since, keep your
eyes tightly closed.
"A model husband . always remem
bers he is the husband of one wife.
When you think less of your wife and
more of another the breakers' of hell
are before you."
FOR THIRD TIME FORMER
GOVERNOR TAKES A WIFE
MODEL HUSBAND
IMMEDIATELY after the recent primary election in this city
charges of fraud were made by the various partisans in that
event. It is, unfortunately, too true, that such charges impinge
upon partisanship to an extent that makes the general public in
different to them. It is also unfortunately true that a large body
of business and professional men are neglectful of their civic duty.
It is through politics that government, municipal, state and national,
receives its officiary, and derives the personnel through whic"h its
authority is exerted.
Of this process the primary election is the source. It is the
fountain head of all. Those who snub the primary polls have no
call to cavil at the final result. Civic reformers have swept the
political horizon vainly for an indication that the class which has
the most at stake in the character of government are alive to their
duty and are aware of the opportunity they have for the right guid
ance of final results.
! In many cities there have been spasmodic efforts at reform, but
these have usually been excited by preventable abuses that would
not exist at all if the citizens who protest against their existence
had been mindful of their duty in the primary political processes.
It was this condition that moved the late Senator Ingalls to declare
that "political purity is an iridescent, dream." It was an expression
of hopelessness and, if true, boded ill for the republic.
No popular government can usefully endure in which the people
are indifferent to the purity of politics. No matter what partisans
sax*, there is no partisanship in impure politics. Both great par
lies have been shamed by it, and their higher aims and declarations
of principle have been nullified by the filth of the gutter, spattered
upon their declarations of principle. Only eternal vigilance of the
best men in all parties can preserve the ballot-box from pollution and
American politics from tarnish.
To San Francisco belongs the honor of the first practical at
tempt to compel purity in the primary processes of politics. That
powerful organization, the Merchants' Association, is the agent and
instrument of this movement. That association had its genesis in
a determination to make the city physically cleaner than it was. To
it we owe the vast improvement in the condition of our streets,
the better condition of the sewers, the triumph of the bonds for parks
and other needed and desirable municipal improvements. It has
inaugurated the system of safety stations at crowded and dangerous
points in the operation of our street cars, and has in all things
promoted the decency and welfare of the city.
It was- eminently proper that this non-partisan organization
should move forward from promoting the physical cleanliness of the
city to secure its moral purgation, by paying attention to the primary
processes of politics. It has promoted the prosecution of persons
charged with fraud in the recent primary election, and can be relied
upon to push every case to a revelation of all the facts by reliable
testimony.
It is indifferent to us. as it is to all decent citizens, which party
or what individuals profited by the frauds. If there were frauds and
violations of the purity of elections law, let the guilty be punished.
The gratifying fact is that the law is vindicated and its enforcement
attempted by the Merchants' Association, as evidence of the purpose
of that body to stand guard over the ballot-box hereafter.
Mr. Fairfax Wheelan, the member of the association who has
taken upon himself the burden of this necessary action, deserves the
applause and support of all good citizens. He has undertaken a dif
ficult and perhaps dangerous task. Everything that promises to in
timidate him will be put in motion by the class which makes the
ballot merchandise and the ballot-box a refuge of fraud; His fellow
citizens will understand this and will give him the backing and
support of every element of decency in the city.
Whether he succeed or fail in the finality the people have con
fidence in him and believe that his evidence and his allegations are
the conclusions of his conscience and manifestations of his" high sense
of civic duty. The Merchants* Association has always stood for
much that is best in our municipal life and conditions. It now
stands for all that is best, by supplementing its efforts for physical
betterment by a determination that moral and political betterment
shall be added thereto.
THE PRIMARY FRAUDS.
THE ESOPUS ICEBERG
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal«
llornla street. Telephone Mala itiX. •
• Artificial. eyes were first used by the
Egyptians.- long before the Christian
era. Mummies have been found with
artificial : eyes. .*' They, were fashioned
of gold, silver, copper' «r : Ivory.
Townsend's California Glace fruit* la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market sL*
ROOSEVELT AND PARKER—
Theodore Roosevelt was born In New
York City October 27. 1S58. and Alton
B. Parker was born In Wooster. Mass..
May 14. 1851. The biographies do not
give the hour of birth of either.
RAILROAD INFORMATION F.
R., City. For such Information as you
desire in regard to the Chicago. Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad address
a letter of inquiry to the home office
of the company.
AMERICAN JACK— Sub.. City. The
American Jack is the union or blue
field of the American flag.
ANSWERS
A trim and tidy girl, although she
may look commonplace, always wins
the admiration of her sex. She is always
a picture of youthful freshness and
she invariably wears something white
at her throat. Her taste in dress is al
ways beyond criticism and she Is con
splcously careful in the matter of her
shoes. Sentimentalists may find lit
tle that is interesting about her and
call her ordinary, but they forget that
the commonplace frequently means
contentment and happiness; where her
more highly strung sister would be the
bare theory she is the actual practice.
For her trimness and . tidiness of
habit pervade her mind as well, and
not being notably pretty she finds it
incumbent upon her to take an intelli
gent interest In mere man and his
poor affairs. The trim and tidy girl
has lovely eyes, for the unhealthy
problem novel is quite a closed book
tD her. The ideas she has are all well
defined and simple and through their
very simplicity they, are easily attain
able. She does not start life with a
false yearning, but with a steady, clear
mind, and is always . the welcome
friend.
"It comes to the same thing, I sup
pose," said Professor James. — Wash
ington Post.
"You," the latter said, "are a free
thinker, I perceive. You believe in
nothing."
"I only believe — haw — what I can
understand," the sophomore replied.
Professor William James of Har
vard is popular with the more intelli
gent and studious of the undergradu
ates. When these young men. how
ever, make rash, or bold, or unbecom
ing assertions, he does not hesitate to
take them down.
Not long ago a sophomore aired
come atheistical views before Professor
James.
Rebukes the Sophomore.
madam?" *
"I don't know," really." Mrs. Astor
answered. "No gentleman has ever
smoked in my presence." — San An
tonio Express.
Mrs. Astor's dignity is great. It re
sembles that of a Duchess of the old
school. Hence a certain young officer
should have been wiser at the garden
party than to say to her as he took out
his cigarette case:
"Does smoking Incommode you.
Mrs. Astor. the head of the Astor
family, attended during her recent
European tour a garden party In the
English Midlands.
The Retort Cruel.
The woman was doing her shopping.
The assstant handed her a package,
and she slowly turned away.
"Do I need anything else?" she ab
sent-mindedly asked.
"You have just bought some lawn,"
ventured the facetious shopman.
"Don't you think you will need some
hose?" — Chicago Journal.
It Naturally Followed.
A St. Louis woman's cleverness fair
ly took a Jefferson guard off his feet
the other day, and gave a hearty
laugh to a dozen witnesses of the
comedy. She was a picture-loving
mother, and had toiled up Art Hill
with her cooing babe in a small push
cart. She gave a sigh of relief as she
mounted the last stairs leading to her
goal, and as she mopped the persplra*
tion from her face explained to the
baby what a glorious time they were
going to have looking at the beautiful
pictures. 'Twas evident that the wom
an and the baby were on the best of
terms and out to enjoy things to
gether, says a St. Louis exchange.
As she was about to enter, a pleas
ant-faced Jefferson guard, with an ex
pression that said plainly that he
didn't relish the task, said courteously,
but firmly, "I am very sorry, madam,
but we have orders to admit no per
ambulators inside the building."
For a moment the tired mother was
dazed by her disappointment. She
looked hopelessly in at the door, up
at the sympathetic guard, and down at
the cooing babe. Suddenly her face
brightened, as by an inspiration. She
seized the handle with a firm grip,
slipped it over her arm, like the han
dle of a basket. There was a click,
and presto, change! Miss Baby was
seated in a wicker swing, suspended
from the mother's arm, kicking and
cooing as happily as ever. To the
questioning glance of the mother the
courteous guard said, as well as he
could for laughter, "That mode of
transportation is not mentioned In my
orders, madam." and in triumDh the
mother and baby entered amid the
cheers of the onlookers.
CLEVER WOMAN
It is easy to tell the toiler
How best he can carry his pack;
But no one can rate a burden's weight
Until it has been on his back.
The up-curled mouth of pleasure
Can preach of sorrow's worth; >
Bur^ive it a slip, and a wryer lip
Was never made on earth.
It is easy to sit in the sunshine
And talk to the man in the shade;
It is easy to float in a well-trimmed boat
And point out the places to wade.
It la easy to sit In your carriage
And counsel the man on foot;
But get down and walk and you'll change
your talk
As you feel the peg in your boot.
Mrs. Albert Dermljien, Mrs. Theo
bold Glaser, Mrs. Patrick Henry, Mrs.
Henry Wressman. ( Mrs. William Hons.
Mrs. George Lydecker, Mrs. Mary
Florence, Mrs. John Chasmer, Mrs.
Charles Koch, Mrs. Frederick Horst
mann, Mrs. Peter Studerus, Mrs. Fred
erick Peppen, Mrs. John Cronln, Mrs.
Anette Moesmer, Mrs. Max Braff. Mrs.
Peter McMahon. Mrs. Mary Voight.
Mrs. William Senteff and Mrs. John
Adams.
Aside from the butchers and bakers
who enter the block to sell their wares
a man never is seen. The politicians
in the town are anxious for the wed
ding bells to ring on Bergenline ave
nue, as there are only two votes in,
the block, when, according to their
reckoning, there should be at least
twenty-one. Election time is draw
ing near, and as the town is solidly
Democratic, the leaders wish as many
votes as possible to swell the majority
of the county.
"A lone bachelor would have a hard
time of it in our block," said Mrs.
William Senteff. "There would bo
many hair pulling matches to see who
would get him. It would be a game
of 'I saw him first.* In all seriousness,
I do not know how It ever happened
that we all came to live so near each
other. It appears peculiar to see al!
of us on Sundays, with our mourning
gowns and veils. There is not a bit
of color on any of the dresses seen in
the block.
"I really do not know why we
should not get together and advertise
for husbands. .We would make loving
wives and we would not have to de
pend on our husbands' fortunes,
either. With two exceptions we each
own our own house and have snug
sums in the bank. The block is a
great field for good, kind and loving
bachelors, who have no objection to
widows."
Deep mourning is the prevailing
color of the gowns worn by women on
Bergenllne avenue, between Hudson
and Herman avenues, Guttenburg, X.
j. Within that block, which has only
twenty-three houses, there are nine
teen widows, two widowers and two
other families. The street is known
as "Widows' Row."
Up to two months ago there wer«
only twelve widows there. Then four
husbands died, three within one week,
and the next week three more died.
The deaths were in houses adjoining
and at one time there was crape on
three doors.
With one or two exceptions the wid
ows are wealthy and own the houses
they live in. For social purposes the
women each evening assemble at the
residence of one; on Sunday they at
tend worship in the several churches
In the town, each robed in mourning
garb. When they leave for church th«
block is deserted. The names of the
widows in the row follow:
"WIDOWS' ROW"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
iOILVD. SFRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALI* COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT ~. .*...* jUanagar
PUBLICATION OTtTZE ¦ .THIRD AND MABKKT STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 21, 1904
THE SAN -fKANClSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
8Reduced Rates by Santa Fe.
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets to Yosemite Valley
from San Francisco for $25 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip is made entire
ly in day time and ' Includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
uxnne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the beat. The route 1b through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls,
Bridal Veil and, Yosemite Falls, Cathe
dral Rock, . the Sentinel. - Glacier Point.
Three Brothers/ El Capitan and New In
spiration Point. .Additional Stay: In Yo
semite may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This is a grand chance to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
it at Santa Fe Office, No. 641 Market at*
YO SEMITE VALLEY.
verslty of Pacific and member of 'Washington
street quarterly conference, San Francisco.
Missionaries In Pacific Japanese Mission —
M. Toshlda, Z. Hlrota, T. Komuro, O.
Tsuruda.
Missionaries In Hawaiian Mission — T. Taka
shl, S. Imal. G. Motokawa, E. Toklmasa.
Swedish district — J. O. Wahlberg, presiding
«lder, Los Angeles; Fresno. J. R. Andrews-
Klngsburg, to be supplied; Oakland, A. J.
Werner; Ix>s Angeles, J. O. Wahlberg; Sacra
mento, Albert Hallen; San Francisco, O. W
Ostrom; Paso Robles, A. Wallin.
Joseph Johns, Paradise Valley, Nev., mis
sion; B. H. Smith. Wlnnemucca, Nev.; <3. H
Barrett, CedarvlUe, CaL
QUICK TRIP TO PRISON
BY DEFAULTING TELLER
Indicted, Arraigned and Sentenced to
the Penitentiary in One
Afternoon. v
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 20. —
Douglass M. Smith, the defaulting
paying teller of the National Trades
men Bank of this city, was indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury this after
noon on the charge of embezzlement
of about J70.000 of the bank's funds.
He was immediately taken before
Judge Platt, arraigned and, on plead
ing guilty, was sentenced to five years
in State's prison.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 20. — Chester Shaver,
tho fourteen-year-old son of Nelson A. Shaver,
a farmer who resides In this city, was
drowned in the American River near here this
evening. Young Shaver and some compan
ions went In 3wlmmWg after school,* and re
mained In the water several hours. . They
were about to leave the river when young
Shaver, . apparently seized with cramps, sank
from sight.
Last Cazadero Excursion, Russian
River Big Trees.
The last excursion of the season to the
Russian River and Cazadero big trees, via the
Scenic) North Shore, will leave on Sunday
by special train at 8:30 a. m. (Sausalito ferry).
Grandest scenic ride in California, including
views of bay and ocean beach, redwood for
ests, the cottage colonies and the big trees;
$1 50 round trip. Including: reserved seat.
Singing club, 100 voices. In the trees. As
train Is limited to 250 people, get your tickets
In advance at 636 Market, as no doubt all
the seats will be Bold. v •
BUILDER OF THE OREGON
QUIETLY TAKES A WIFE
Geoifje W.. Dickie,' Superintendent of
Union Iron Works, Is 3IarrIed at
. . San Mateo.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 20.— At high
noon to-day in the sun parlor of the
beautiful Dickie home ln ; this city,
George .W. Dickie, superintendent ot
the Union Iron Works, was united in
marriage to Miss Louise Bonnie of San
Mateo. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. f. Mr.'Sanford of , St.- John's
Episcopal Church, and Rev. ' J. H.
KImball, pastor of the Congregationai
church in this city.
Among the guests ¦-. were James
Dickie of. San Francisco and John
Dickie of Alameda. brothers of the
bridegroom, with their families, and
Mr. and Mrs. Potter of San Mateo
Mrs. Potter Is a sister of the bride.
Mrs. Dickie is a member of a
prominent Philadelphia family anrt
has resided in San Mateo several
years.
Xotlcxr to Passengers.
B*gtra*re trar.tf^rre^ to asfl from all trains,
tte*ni»>r«. eto.. at low rat«. One trunk (ala
( • Uip) 25 oasts; round trip GO cents. Morton
D*!lv*>ry. 308 Taylor «... 650 M&rket
•t.. Oakland Ferry D«pot. Phone Exchange 46*
REDDING, Sept. 20. — Alva Curtis
and Ellen Stewart, schoolgirls, aged 11
and 12 years respectively, killed a
large four-point buck deer Thursday,
on Cottonwood Creek under peculiar
circumstances.
While out riding the Curtis girl en
countered a deer drinking from the
creek. Her dogs took after the animal,
wliich stood at bay a minute, then
charged toward the girl, who was on
horseback. She became frightened
and galloped her horse to the nearest
house, that of J. N. Stewart. Here
she told her schoolmate, Ellen Stew
art, of what she had seen. They
loaded a shotgun and went back after
the deer.
They found the big buck still held
at bay by the dogs. The deer stood
in a pool in the creek. Ellen Stewart
took careful aim, shut both eyes and
pulled the trigger. When the smoke
cleared away the girl were surprised
and delighted to find that the deer was
dead.
Sceclal Dispatch to Th« Call,
CONDON, Or., Sept. 20.— Miss Maud
Graham saved the guests in the crowd
ed Summit Hotel at 2:30 o'clock this
morning at the risk of her own life.
She was awakened by the sound of
crackling flames, and though time was
precious dashed through the house and
warned the sleepers of their danger.
The hotel was a wooden structure,
and when Miss Graham was aroused
she found the rear end of the building
in flames. Her room was directly over
the kitchen, where the fire originated.
Throwing a wrap over her nightgown
the Intrepid* young woman ; made her
way through the smoke-filled halls and
pounding on the door of each room
roused the sleepers. •
All the guests escaped, : mostly in
scanty attire, for they took their res
cuer at her word and did not stop to
dress.
GUESTS SAVED
BY BRAVE GIRL
SCHOOL GIRIS
KILL BIG DEER
Schussler Says Land Is Dear.
Hermann Schussler, chief engineer
of the Spring Valley "Water Works,
resumed his dissertation yesterday be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock upon reservoirs for the storage
of potable water for municipal pur
poses. The witness read from the tes
timony of C. E. Grunsky in the Drink
house case in 1892, when the water
company attempted to condemn four
teen and a half acres of land for the
purposes of the Main Crystal Springs
dam, SCO feet above tide water. From
Mr. Grun^ky's testimony the witness
deduced the fact that land for reser-
voir purposes in that region was worth
$1230 per acre. He said also that
the value of such land would increase
in proportion as the expense of im
pounding the water grew smaller.
Mr. will continue this
afternoon.
LONDON, Sept <: 20.— The first
break in the steamship rate war , oc-^
curred to-day when the North Ger
man Lloyd Company raised its steer
age rate- to New York to':J16. The
Hamburg- American line, it was : an
nounced later, has also raised' its
steerage rates to $15.
liners Raise Steerage Rates.
\ OYSTER BAY, L. I., Sept. 20. — A
man who is regarded by the secret ser
vice officials and by the authorities of
Oyster Bay as a dangerous 'crank was
apprehended here to-iday. He is J. E.
Reeves, a medium-sized, roughly . at
tired man, about 40 years of age. He
was making his way to SagamoreHill
when he was arrested. He told Of
ficer Tyree, who apprehended him,
that hd wanted to see the President on
important business. Believing from
the man's manner that he was insane,
Offiver Tyree took him before Justice
Franklin for examination. To the Jus
tice Reeves said that six years ago* he
died in a Jersey City hospital and
went to heaven in an automobile.
While there he received an Important
message for President Roosevelt,
which he was directed to deliver per
sonally. He refused to say what the
nature of the message was, as he de
clared he could communicate it to no
body but the President He declared
to the Justice, however, that he^had :
written a book on his experiences , in
heaven, which he desired, to have
published, as he was satisfied millions
could be made out of it. The'Presi
dent, he said, undoubtedly would rjoin
with him in securing the publication
of the work and that was one reason
v/hy he wished to have a talk with
him. ' >
Reeves,, who talked as if he had en
joyed some educational advantages,
said he was a resident of Baltimore.
He had in his pockets $2 in cash and
some unimportant papers, but no
weapons. -
Justice Franklin, after his examina
tion, being convinced that the man
was insane and very likely dangerous,
deputized one of the secret service
men to take him to Mineola, where a
formal inquiry Into his mental condi
tion will be held.
BALTIMORE. Md., Sept. 20.— The
name of J. E. Reeves does not appear
in the. Baltimore city directory and he
Is not known to the local police.
ST. "LOUIS, Sept. 20.— The Interna
tional Congress of Arts and Sciences
began the sessions .of Its divisions and
parliaments to-day and -numerous pa
pers treating of various scientific sub
jects were read. Thirty-one meetings
were held to-day.. The first meeting
of the day was the seven divisions'
meeting. President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University, addressed
utilitarian sciences division.
The meeting of the history and law
section was presided over by David
J. Brewer, Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Professor Nathan Abbott of Stanford
University spo^e.
That biologists are now. sufficiently
advanced in their science ta.be able to
control the sex of newly, formed cells
was he stated belief /"of Professor
Jacques Loeb of the University of Cali
fornia, speaking at the biology meeting.
In the department of economics Pro
fessor Adolph C. Miller- of the Univer
sity of California delivered an address
on the present basis, of and
its historical development. . -O' v
" "•In. the depar.tment'.ofCphllosophy*, di
vision.' of formative" science, a'paper on
philosophy, Its growth -and .develop
nieritin.the past and what may be ex
pepted of it in .the future, was read by
Professor- George H. Hbwison*" of the'
University- of California. ,
Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
versity of* California presided at the
meeting in the department of politics.
In the department the history of
language President ". Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of California
made, an address on the chief currents
of language of the nineteenth century.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 20. — The
California Methodist Episcopal con
vention adjourned this morning after
a short session held solely for the
purpose of reading, the appointments.
At its close Bishop Wilson left for
Los Angeles to preside over the
Southern.California conference, which
opens there to-morrow. The follow
ing appointments -for the ensuing year
were announced:
Napa District — G. L. Pearson, presiding elder;
Alliance and Blue Lake, David Ralston; An
derson Valley, to be supplied; Arcata, J. L.
Burcham; Blocksburg, to be supplied; Bloom
field. K. M. Miner; CaJlstoga, Olln E. Steward;
Cazadero. to be supplied; Cloverdale, to be
supplied; Covelo, to be supplied; Crescent City,
H. O. Edson; Eureka, I. R. Lovejoy; Eureka,
Wlble chape;, to be supplied; Ferndale, James
Whitaker; Fortuna, B. B. Conner; Fort Bragg
Finu Mission, to be supplied; GeyservUle, to
be bupplied; Greenville, to be supplied; Guerne
vllle. to be supplied ; Healdsbunr, J. J. Mar
tin; Kelseyvilla and Lower Lake, to be sup
plied; Manchester and Greenwood, N. E.
Uibbs; Mlddletown, to be supplied; Monticello.
to be supplied; Napa, H. E. Becks; Occident.
H. 11. Buckner; olema, Bollnas and Point
Reyes, to be supplied; Peachland and Forest
vllle, Aquila Holbrook; Pena Grove, Benjamin
J. Schneider; Petaluma, H." J. v Wlnsor; Pe
trol la, to be supplied; Point Arena, J. W.
Pendelton; Potter Valley. 8. L, Lee; Rohner
vlUe. r. W. Axe; Round Valley Indian Jtfls
siou. to be supplied; St. Helena, F. It. Wal
ton; San Rafael. A. E. Uta-ich; Santa Rpsa.
M. H. Alexander; Sebaatopot* F."R. Wlnscr;
femith River, to be supplied; Sonoma, t'o be
supplied; Uklah, W. M. Woodward; Ukiah In
dian Mission. L. M. Ewing; VaJlejo, William
Ancwin; Wllllts, A. C Duncan; Windsor, to
le burDlied. D- A. Kayes, professor in Gar
ri-tt Biblical Institute, member of Napa quar
terly conference. Robert K. Atkinson, left
v.ithout appointment to attend " one of our
schools, member of Vallejo quarterly confer*
ence.
San Jose District — John Klrby. presiding" el
der; Acampo, to be supplied; Antioch, J. M.
Barnhart; Atlanta and French Camp, Solomon
Klnsey and one to be supplied; Berryessa, Rob
tnson Burley; Brent wood and Oakley. W. M.
Crowther; Byron, to be supplied; Carmel, to be
supplied; College Park, C. E. Irons; Emada,
R. J. Coyne; Evergreen, to be supplied; Farm
ington. M. O. Brink; Gilroy T. A. Towner;
Gonzales. to be supplied; Hay wards, W. B.
Prtddy; Hollister. Hugh Copeland; Llvermore
and Pleasanton, H. W. Baker; Linden and
Valley Springs, to be supplied; Lockeford A.
J. Whitneld; Lodi. W. P. Grant; Merced and
Madr-ra. to be supplied; Modesto. C. A. Rich
ardson; Modesto circuit, to be supplied; Mor
gan Hill. Wesley Dennett; Newman William
Burchett; Oakdale, A. J. Case; Pacific Grove,
E. P. Dennett; Quartz Mountain circuit, to be
supplied; Salinas. W. J. Peters. San Jose—
Centelia. W. S. Kelly; First Church. W. a
Evans; Webster-street Church. J. A. Van
Anda. San Leandro, A. J. Hanson; Sonera,
Martin Judy; Soulsbyville. Ernest Grigg.
Stockton — Central. John Stephens; Clay-street
and Epworth, N. M. Parsons. Tracy, F. R.
Glllett; Walnut Grove circuit, G. R, Stanley.
Thomas FUben, superintendent of moral and
prudential management of Pacific Grove, mem
ber of Pacific Grove quarterly conference. J.
H. Macomber, chaplain United States army,
member of First Church of San Jose quarter
ly conference. Eli McClish president, M. S.
Cross professor. \V. C. Sawyer professor, of
the University of the Pacific, members of Col
lege Park quarterly conference.
Oakland District — John Coyle, presiding eld
er; Allendale, to be supplied. Berkeley — Trinity,
C. K. Jeaness and A. J. Kennedy; West, to
be Furslied. Benicia, O. M. Hester; Coming,
J. U. Simmons; Dixon, W. de L. KlnEebury;
Dunsmuir, W. C. Trudgeon; Etna, S. E. L.
Crowe; Fairfield, J. F. Kellogg-; Fort Jones.
W. P. McClaskey; Fruitvale, W. C. Damon;
Golden Gate. E. M. Hill; Keswlck, M. J.
Gough; Klamathon, to be supplied; Madison
and Gulnda, to be supplied; Martinez, to be
supplied. Oakland— Chester-street. J. C. Bol
ster; Ei?hth-avenue, O. E. Hotle; First
Church, E. R. Dille and one to be- supplied;
Ehattuck-avenue, to be supplied; Twenty
fourth-avenue, E. B. Winning; Thirty-fourth-
Etreet, to be supplied. Olinda, to be supplied ;
Orland and Kirk wood. G. O. Ash; Pinole, to be
Fupplied; P*ed Bluff, William Clark: Redding,
Fay Donaldson; Richmond, D. W. Calfee:
Round Mountain, to be supplied; Bleson 'and
Gazelle, J. W. Edear; Vacaville, to be sup
plied: Winthrop, to be supplied; Woodland, R.
E. Wenk: Yolo. John Telfer; Treka, J. E.
Wright; Williams and Dunnigan. to be sup
plied. John Thompson, agent of the Cali
fornia Bible Society, member of First Church,
Oakland, quarterly conference. Jesse Smith,
superintendent of seamen's work, member ot
First Church, Oakland, quarterly conference;
F. D. Bovard, editor California Christian Ad
vocate, member of Trinity, Berkeley, quar
terly conference. Paul M. Spencer, member
o? First Church, Oakland, quarterly confer
ence, left without appointment to attend one
of our schools. J. D. Hammond, tract agent,
member of Trinity, Berkeley, quarterly con
ference. J. B. Chynoweth, conference evan
gelist, member Golden Gate quarterly con
terence.
San Francisco District — W. S. Matthew. pr«-
Flrtir.c elder; Alameda — FIret Church, A. T.
Needham; Santa Clara-avenue, J. W. Bryant;
Alylso and Sunnyvale C. S. Morse; Boulder
Creek, V. R. Bennett; Campbell. J. F. Jen
ness; Half moon Bay, C. F. Withrow; Los
Gatos, A. H. Needham; Mayfleld. W. H. John
etone; New Almaden. Theodore Taylor; Palo
Alto. H. E. Milnes; Redwood City. Wilfred
Kent. Ban Francisco — California- street, ;
Central, G. W. White; Epworth, F. A. Kraut;
Fifteenth-avenue and <*ity missions, to be sup
plied; First Church. E. F. Brown; Grace, F.
M. Larkin; Hamilton, C. O. Oinam; Howard
street. A. C. Bane: Potrero. B. B. Paddock;
Richmond, E. D. Raley; Simpson Memorial,
J. H. N. Williams; Trinity C. M. Warner.
Ban Mateo and South city. Samuel Quickmire;
Par.ta Clara, B. G. Keith: Santa Cruz, F. K.
Baker; Saratoga. 8. M. Woodward; Soquel, to
b« supplied; WatsonvlIIe. Richard Rodda. J.
E. Stubbs. president Nevada State University,
member of Central Church of Pan Francisco,
quarterly conference; H. H. Hall, chaplain
tnlted States Army, member Trinity Church,
San Francisco, quarterly conference; W. H.
Scott, chaplain United States army, member
of First Church. Alameda. quarterly confer-'
ence; J. A. Potter, chaplain United States
army, member of Central Church, Ran Fran
cisco quarterly conference; Charles McKelvey.
rhaplaln and superintendent Old People's
Home, member of Callforn!a-stre«t Church,
San Francisco, quarterly conference; George
W. Beatty. field secretary Sunday-school
Union, metnber of California-street Church.
San Francisco, quarterly conference; Leslie
M. Burwell. member of Palo Alto quarterly
conference, left without appointment to attend
one of our schools; Leon Loofbourow, mem
ber of Palo Alto quarterly conference left
without appointment to attend one of our
schools; Clarence Reed, member of California
street quarterly conference, left without ap
pointment to attend one of our schools.
Sacramento District — E. D. McCreary, Sac
ramento, presiding elder; Amador, Hugh Baker-
Auburn, J. P. Macauley; Bless, ..William
Bnrchett; Chioo, W. M. Martin; Colfax. G. A.
Reeder; Courtland, to be supplied; Downie
ville. I* P. Walker: Dutch Flat to be sup
plied; Elk Grove. W. C. Robins; El Dorado.
tt be supplied; Fair Oaks, G. H. Van Vllet;
Fernley, H. C. Richardson; Florin, Spragus
Ds.vls; Folsoia, W. B. Burton; Forbestown
E. a Robertson; Forest Hill, to be supplied*
Gecrsetwwn, H. L, Gregory; Grass Valley J.
A. B. Wilson: Honcut, J. R. Watson- lone
C. E. Pettls: Jackson. Cf E. Winning; Marys
ville. Fred Sheldon: Nelson and Live Oak, to
be supplied: Nevada City, James Williams-
Newcastle, W. C. Howard; North Bloomfleld
and North San Juan, F. A. Lamb; Ophlr and
Cool. : Ororllle. J. W. Phelps; Penryn,
J. E. Badger; Pin* Grove, to be supplied;
Placervlll*, O. C King; Pleasant Grove. D.
W. ChUnon; Plymouth, to be supplied; Rose
vllle and Rocklin, J. W. McAllister. Sacra
mento — Central. C. M. Richmond; Oak Park,
Frank Hlndson; Sixth street, W. W. Case-
Stirling, to be supplied; Butter City, W. A.
Johns: Sutter Creek, James L. Case; Tuba
City, H. C. Langley. W. R. Cober, cjiaplaln
of Folsom State : Prison, member of Sixth
Street, Sacramento, quarterly conference. E.
H. Mackay, member ot Placerville quarterly
conference, left without appointment to - at
tend c.no of our schools. A. Jaggers, - member
of Plymouth quarterly conference, left without
appointment to attend one of our achanl*.
Missionaries In Nevada Mission — E. W. Van
Deveater, T. H. Nicholas, - John J. Pardee,
D. 8. Wipstcad. P. H. WiiHs. W. P. RankJn.
A. C. Welch, F. W*. Llord, G. J. Wentrell,
Jt*e?h Johns, B. H. Smith. O. H. Barrett.
Missionaries In . Chinese Mission — H. B.
Hracork. superintendent; Berkeley and Oak
land, to be ¦ supplied: ¦ Los Angeles, to be aup
jllfid; Sacramento. Tea Hone: and Fong Jons;;
San Francisco. Jack*on street, Amen Junsr;
Washinrton • street, CSan Hon Fan ' and ' Tue
Kwai; Kan- Jose, to be supplied: Stockton, to
bo supplied; J. B. Gardner, professor in Unl-
Session of the Methodist Di
vines Ends With Morning
Meeting at Pacific Grove
Declares He Died in 1898
and Was Taken to the New
Jerusalem in Automobile
Presidents and Professors
of California's Colleges
Take Prominent Part
PRISONER IS INSANE
THIKTY-ONE MEETINGS
MANY ABE LEFT VACANT
Ministers Adjourn After
Appointing Preachers to
Various Coast Pastorates
Secret Seryice Men at Oyster
Bay Arrest a Crank Who
Insists on Seeing President
International Congress of
Arts and Sciences Listens
to Papers by Noted Men
HAS MESSAGE
FROM HEAVEN
MASTERS TELL
OF THEIR WORK
PULPITS FILLED
BY CONFERENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1901,
9
AMUSEMENTS.
Will L. Greenbaum's
[ ATTRACTIONS. |
JOSEF HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST
Tues. and Thura. Nights, Oct. 4-6
Saturday Aft., Oct. 8, at 2:30
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Season Tickets $3. $3.50, $2.50, $1.75
Ready Next Monday,
Single Concerts $2, $1.50, $1, 75c.
Ready September 29
THE BEN GREET COMPANY
In the Original Production of the Morality
Play
"EVERYMAN."
Com. Mon. Night. Oct. 3— Mats. W«d & Sat
LYRJC HALL.
Reserved Seats $1.50, $1 and 75c
Ready Monday Next.
Box Office Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, wh«re
complete programs of both may be obtained
ffeAfl IIMBI A SAN FRANCISCO'S
4?y!!LU EfiBIifl LEADING W.itf
Powell St.. near Market.
WIZARD
r T~" I 'sf"\ I_^ HamUo *
A If I*"* ' *itctull's
BOX- * Massive
OFFICE /-V ry Extrava-
SUCCESS VJ /, I ganza. |
. /•
THIS WEEJK and NEUCT WEEK
> Nightly, including Sunday, at 8 Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY, at 2:15.
• S«ats Ready To-morrow for Second Week.
k9K«nn IP HOUSE it
LAST 4 NIGHTS-^MAT. SATURDAY. I; 1 !
PRINCESS
FAN TAN
PBXCSS. 150, 85c. 500 4
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
Opening of Combination Season §
YORK STATE FOLKS
' Seats, Ready This Morning. g
AND AGAIN A HIT.
Instantaneous Success of
MISS MAZDMA
J. C. Crawford's fctrictly Original - Burlesque.
. A Ludicrously Funny Play With a Plot. -
SPARKLING MUSIC.
Captivating Dances.
' MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
' Our Unrivaled Cast of Highest : Salaried Bur*
' lesque Artists.
MATINEES SATURDAYS AJTO SUNDAYS.
Ever Popular. Prices. - ;
NEXT BURLESQUE— "DOWN THE LINE."
/«& mt ta 33 TO Outfits,' - Guns. Ammunl-
O H smMsTi tl0D > Fishing and Outing
B OB IlllU Goods. Tents and guns.tu
IIMlBlr Bent - CATALOG FREE.
wilBwIM ' SHREVK & BARBER CO.,
** m .¦¦¦¦¦- 738 Market St.
621 Kearny st, S. F»
_JOK IlOSEVm:RG'S.
Individual Features
You'll Find in Our
HOSIERY
And the Price Less Than
You Ever Have Paid.
Made Expressly for Us Under
Oar Own Supervision.
LADIES' HOSE — Stainless
black; jersey knit; made for
slender women; per- 1<)J
feet finish lCiJtC
LADIES' HOSE — For stout
women; made of fast black
English thread; double heel
and toes; extra wide
elastic tops. Price... s-JC
LADIES' HOSE — Made of
velvet finish . cotton; fast
black Hermsdorf dye; white
soles or feet, full length; just
the hose for sore or
tender feet. Price... £JC
LADIES' HOSE— Made of silk
finished Egyptian thread;
stainless black; light, heavy
or medium weight; the right
hose for your right 'Jt^
feet. Price £J(J
LADIES' HOSE — Made of
PARISIAN LISLE, in the
newest open-worked lace ef-
fect all around, also half way
down the front; fast black,
in silky effect. Price
mclOSENBERG
R Jj UB B The Home of the
\& Va» Qa Besf iY ear , n g Stockings
8!6 Market and I! O'Farreil St.
Mail Orders Soficited.
I A. B. C. Beer's Purity and Freedom From I
I Adulteration Officially Recognized I
4 Certificate of fc
¦im I have examined sample marked (/(/./& 4»r>*C&P_^&J*jL0tC£d.S, i |||'
m received &MAAJ^ /.f.9,St*— . ,W&- ., and report as follows: §|j
Iin9 ¦ . - 1/ %, T X
KnB " * OE3
m ff^V Tn ff^V^^&J^ IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND IT IN MANY \ \
M W3m 1 i# 1 i BOTTLED BEERS, BECAUSE THEIR. |~
m fr H M M%. I II M PRESERVATION IS GAINED THROUGH
I ifl Vi>» A A CHEMICAL ADULTERATION M
. Bottled beers, as well as food products, arc often adulterated with - chemical [ A
b||- preservatives, etcJ, which for awhile keep them from souring, but are Injurious to the V I
m--_: stomach.' A.B. C. BEER is guaranteed to be ABSOLUTELY PURE and free from El
H\ ' K any adulteration whatever. It is never exposed to the air (which is germ-laden), but is jfcj
a .-. brewed, fermented and aged for eight months in air-tight compartments, then piped In . ft
j . block tin pipes direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where h is bottled, sealed, t j
WSi' pasteurized and packed for shipment* i I
K' '¦''¦'*•• . A B^^ df~^ Tto ONLY BEER \\
m ZSk WTlk S BOTTLED EXCLUSIVELY M
m r"^a>O B — sP© AT THE BREWERY ||
m. Therefore the only Bottled Beer whose Purity can be ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED 0
H The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. [> J
B fefc^HILBERT MERX^NTILE COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers I
¦||V':.;;- .f^-& S %*&'*$r;.'-}~'u 136-144 Second Street, SAN FRANCISCO
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
I .ODDITIES.
L. ARRIVING —
In Every Department,
Electric Lamps,
Engagement* Cups
•..and... :
Other Novelties
Wedding Gifts
Oar Specialty
* *
We Have a Great, Variety
to Select* From
Nathan-Dohrmaniv^ I
• 1X3-132 GUTTER ST. V |
DD*TTCU17Q JtiR BARBERS. BA-
JDIiUOljl£iO ker». bootblacks, bath-
- * . houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, eannera,
dyers, .flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, stc
BUCHANAN BEOS..
Brash Manufacturers,. 609 Sacramento St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure for Nervous I and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Dru»glst or at 898 HAIQHT 8T^
San Francisco. Cal. .
' .| ruwwvww^AMTJ^
AT n A HT I T"> Belaaeo * Mayer,
ALCAZAR iTsss.
General Mmnagsr.
TO-NIGHT— ALI# WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Kv*., 23c to 75. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23o to 50e.
1A/HITJE I *MP THE ALCAZA3 CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In the Great Romantic Drams,
MonbarS
"Mr. Whittlesey at his best." — Chronlol*.
"A Pronounced Success." — Call.
"The Production Excellent." — ExamlBf.
MONDAY. SEPT. 26 — MR. WHITI'L^ESST la
"SOLDDSRS OF rORTUyE."
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 8M
TO-NiaHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
First Tim* In 8an Francisco ot
Theodore Kremer's Powerful Sensation*!
Drains,
FALLEN BV I
THE WAYSIDE I
Deplctlns; the Tsnihle E>11* of Drtai.
A Mammoth Scenlo Production.
DDirCC Eyenlncs..... .....IDs t# Me
rKlWLJ Matinees lOo. loo, 3B5o
Next— TUB DANl'l'KS. _^___
DAISY HARCOURT
And ft Splendid Show xrrtry After* ooa
and Zranlttff ta too Xhaatan ¦
TAKE! A RIDS ON THB
MOrXATPJUI EIECTB10 mTTiBOa'D
THREE BABT LIONS IN THB 2OO.
INSPECT CABARET DB .LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSPAT. ¦
ADMISSION lOo I CHILDREN.... — ..««
When Phoning Ask for *Th« Chutes/^^
MISCELIiAyEOUS AMPSEMEyTS.
BASEBALL
Oakland vs. Los Angeles.
• AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets. *
WEDNESDAT. THURSDAY and FRIDAY. .^.
Saturday.'. V.'.V.V.V.'.*.V.V.V.'.".:.a:oo pI m.'
ctttujdaY • .S:3O r. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advaac* sale of seats at 5 Stockton st.
PaiarA WW f AIL f 0
- COURT Lcim|iii«
ann room, th« EMPIRE
»" U PARLOR. H*
r j PALM ROOM, the
lir^fid LOUIS XV PAR.
Ill UllU LOR, and the LA-
D . t DIES' WRITINO
| Hotels I Soom »
%*£? FAVORITE
iRESCRIFTIOM
| H FOR WEAK WOMEN, \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
TbB Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the X^y s/1777 m 7 mm s^
Signature of C&uZ'f^/y, f&cc&Ztig
% Painless Fillings ." 25c %
a Painless Crowns S3.50 Rj
I Full Set of Teeth $4.00 wX
.•j "VAN VROOM" I
] Sixth and Market ||
W. X. HESS,
Votary Public *ad Attcmey-at-I.aw.
7ecUa floor lioom lulS, Cl&ua gpreokeU bids.
Telephone Main 983. ;• .
nesidence, 1&02 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Page 56*1.
I vtntvn BUSINESS COI«LEGB OF TUB
WEST.
Over 24 Post «t.. £aii Francisco. Cal.
E«ta.b. 40 years. Open entire year, day & nlrtjt.
V.'rite for circulars (free).
PolTtedmio Busl-
«" College and
'Bk»^^ School of JSngl-
MlSj*^l^F : Sf^'*Pf 'aeerlng-, Oakland,
**^ **!T:-«>&^»£".ii b€1Et 'Quipped school
&«£•»?;&! iVfeiiS^a <>f business, shorthand
* P^r^jg'Wff and engineering west
$fflr& i frif&itok>><>' Chicago. Perfect
¦~~ £J^ I fl.'JQs*^' climate. Expense.
— ¦ — -^ low. Write for Ires
XOO-page Catalogue.
-THE LYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Is well
?aiown for its careful and thorough work. Com*
end be with us; we prepare you well; refer-
?•nceg, Prrfident Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. PfceUm Euildinz.
L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. PrtnclpaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Hoard;.*.*' and dsy school for youncr ladies and
kittle cirU 2128 California street. WU1 reopen
Aurust 1. 1804. Accredited to the uanertlUe*.
BE V. EDWARD B. CHURCH, A. M.. Principal.
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES
SPECIAL MATINEE 7BXDAY. ODD
FELLOWS' OAT.
Mr. and Kn. Howard Tmeadell; Marrel-
<m» Metros o Troupe; T. Trovolo; l»w«
¦on and Kamon; Kn. Snidar-JTo&naonf
The Harry La Bos© Company; Booney
and Best; Leo OarrlUo; Al Satan, and
' Orphenm Motion Picture*. Showtaf
"Personal," the Great Comedy Bnccesi.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thure-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
/ PRICES— 10c. 25c and 80c.
TABEWEXL WEEK.
MR. FREDERICK BELASCO Present!
, the Popular Actress.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Two Great Masterpieces,
MATINEE TO-DAY.
ZAZA I
I*AST TIME TO-NIGHT. I
TSSS OP THE DtTBBE»VH.LE3 I
To-MOrrow Night. FWday Night. Sat- I
nrday Night, Saturday Matinees. jj
Next Sunday— RAPLH STUART, la 1
BY BIGHT OF SWOBS I
SEATS NOW SELLING. * " I
H. W. BISHOP. Lesaee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Oliver Motosco's Majestic Theater Company
( in a Splendid Production of
| THE ALTAR OF|
FFRiENDSHIPi
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
NEXT SUXDAY "CAPTAIN BARR1NOTON."
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Herbert & Smith's Delightful Comic Oper*
SerIadE
.^: ¦ MATINEE SATURDAT.
SAME PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra Theater
Direction— IL PINCU9.
TO-NICJHT
. And Next Saturday Afternoon..
2 GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTSw
The Great Prima Donna Soprano.
s* francisca
-V,-~ From tbe Overa Royal, : Amsterdam.
Seats $2 to 75c, at Sherman, Clay & Co.':
Melville Ellis at Piano.
Louli Ntwbauer, Flutist.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
10
JOHN D. srKF^}^SjLiJis!^PJ$S}2Z
Address Communications to
sons l s^-^^i^zjiz^ji^~^^^^SZ
\V. J. MAUTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
*fk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication OtT.e* Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Kooiss 217 to 221 Stevenson «t.
Delivered by Carriers. 2" Ct«. Per Week, 75
Ctt. Per Month. Flr.frl* Copies 6 Jr 1 ?;.,,..
5>rm» by Mail. Includlr.je Postage Cash W.tn
DAILY CALL dnclud. Bandar^ 1 r 6 * 1 "--*?™
HAILT CALL (includ. Bonday). 6 rcos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— liy Single Month „';*
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year r "L
WEEKLY CALL. I Year i- , ,
f Da'lv $S £0 Per Year Kxtra
FOREIGN I L. -dVy 4 lo Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, [weekly! 1 .00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS" ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE EUESCRIFTlONb.
Eanple Ccj :«, will be forv.arded *Siea re-
quested. , .
Man subscribers in orderlrg CB *£ se ,. *!.,*&
trri* should be particular to give botn r*t.>>
AND OLD ADr-KE^f In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with Uieir re-
aueat.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
ICie Ercadwty .....Ttl'ihcne Main 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE:
HiS Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
VAKL'EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAND:
Waliorf-Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
rcloo Square; Murray Hill Hole:; Fi«h-avenue
Hotel cxd HcSrccn Hcuse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehencaa House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hcte!; Treracnt Hcuse; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Lcsc D.ttance Telephone. ••Central 2t>19.' >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. fcJJITU 00 Tribune Building
NEW YOF.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market ar.d Third streets; cptn until
12 o'clock every r.ight la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPOS Market ktreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 D. I--
127 Mocu?rmery etreet. corner Clay: open until
J»:30 p. is.
tOO Hay** street; cpen until 5:C0 p. m.
C3S» McAllister Ftreet; open until U:«0 p. m.
*:15 La: kin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1J»41 Miftlrn Ftrtet; open until lu p. m.
Itxi Eleventh etrcet ; cj«?r. unt!: 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia mreet; open until » p. rn.
Northeast ccrr.er Church and Duncan streets;
cpen uctil 9 p. m.
£1:00 Fillra.re rir<*-t: or»n urtil 9 p. m.
HEETIHO 3TOTICES.
»II£SION Loipe No. 1CT, F. and A. M. »
Called meetins THIS (ffEnXES-vv
DAY) EVENING, at 7/M t'clock. /V\
Second decree.
U. E. ALLAN. Secretary-
rXCELFIOH l> E r t e Lodge No. 2. i__
I. O. O. F.— F;;ec:a! F -y?ion TO-
NIGHT at 7:^y o'clock in Pros-i^?<«S?*fs
pect Hall; Important business. "^CifiSK*^
l'EUREE BLASTER.
FARNSV.-ORTH Iv-dre No. 95. I.
O. O. F. — Initiation THIS-gagnafc
(WEDNEFDA1 NIGHT, ¦; fZ^SftZk
tember 21, 8 o'clock EJjarp, "'-^rr.^t^*
Welcome Hall. Vicitl&s and Bojuurnin*
brothers •relcome.
DR. J. C. NEWTON. Noble Grand.
O. A. BUEMAX, R>-c. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodee No. 222. I. O.
0. F.— Members will nrrrinMr .'tSTOM^-
at S:00 .!. n F.harr FRIDAY attE*-«!>5*3
1. O. O. F. bulidinc. Feventh ' J 3t**aSS'
end Market stF. ; ha!* and r^calia will be
distributed. W. H. MITCHELL. N. «.
ADEN Lodse Nn sn:t. I. O. O. ..v.«3^ v^
F— Initiation TO-NIGHT iITi 1 -"JijCjXI'l
r.esiay). Sfpteir.lT -*1 tin Pwed-sfs^SEf^
Ua); 7 candidate^. Visiting broth- ¦^Jlttfiv 5 '
ere cordially invited. All members are re-
QUtsUi to he ir"?rnt.
GEOKCE C. MOREN. N. O.
EVTAN CHTTIUUS, Hec.
VNITY Lodge No. 01. Knights of
Pythias, will confer the Knight rar.k*?^,^
(long form) en TIUR^DAY EVEN- ">tvg
ING. September 22, at our hall. Z?§>
22Ci Golden Gate ave. AH brother -*->'^ v
fciniehtt are cordially invited By order of
E. B. KIMBALL, C. C.
S. TV". GATES. K. of R. ar.U-K.
NATIONAL Union. Califor-
r.:a Council, meets TO- <; f^~~"g*^
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. XI '¦ irt^rgfc
Fourth et., at 6 o'clock. "^ »
Vieltir.e friends cordially Invlt?d; initiation.
By enJer C. liKNDEL, President.
C H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Reg- .,.«;
ular meeting WEDNES-UAY EVEN- aA*"^
!1NG at thtir hall. 413 Sutter Ft., iit $£*?*?
7:30 eharp. Ea^cn an<i every member <r&F3
Is requested to be present, as immediately
after the transaction of th« regular buftl-
nef* the foriPty will adjourn to the Lanquet
hail, where they will hoM 'their eecond
monthly social and 'ntfrtainment. Refresh-
ments. A good time is; experted. Hy order
of J. V.'. BTANEAItT. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Re-nrding Secretary.
TTIE eighth annual State convention of Cali-
fornia branch of the International Order of
the King's DaiiRhtoris and Sons will be lieM
in Oakland at Calvmry Kaptist Church \\>«t
and Twrlfth rts.. on FRIDAY and SATUR-
DAY. October U and IT.. All leaders of cir-
ele« will p'.rasc communicate with the State
««!«rct»ry. Mr*. Matilda Brown. 500 Caledonia
• ve.. Oakland.
THE California Debris Ccir.rnlsFion h^vinc re-
ceived erp!l<:atlcn to irine by hydraulic
process from J. K. Cowdery. in Slid- mine,
near Ft. Louis. Sierra County. Oal.. draining
into Jacket* CJuIrh suri Plate Creek, which
reache* Yuba BlVCT. gives notice that a
raeetlnr to revive ar.y protests will lie held
et room f>0. FW-d building, San Francisco.
Cal.. Oct. 3. 1WM. ft 1 :.*ir> p. m.
AGEKTS WASTED.
EXPERIENCED car.va«s*»r?, ?B to ?:• day. nil
WasliinK.cn ft.. Oakland, r. 3. lft to 12 a.m.
ATTOBlfETS-AT-LAW.
Jt. W. KINO. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam. b;d*
6th f.ocx; entrance tooxn Cll; established 20
years: ail courts, ci-r.eral court and office
practice; no u-e :i advance or frr consulta-
tion; evening* by BrroiTitment. Tel Red 3601.
ADVICE free on til legal matters; divorces a
»p»cla::j : private, quick; no ray ia advance;
(clcl&g cempar.!*-* org*r.:zed;patents obtained
<3. W. HOWE. 1122 Market «t : estab. 22 yrV
AA — Dlvrrc*:coirt!« f J2:«juick.<au!et :advlc»> free-
¦ II law buFlnffj; no charse unless *uccessl
ml: r.per. eveainps. I>27 Market et.. room SOI.
CrvonCE— Co*ts. $12: nulck. quiet; advice
free; all law buflneeg; r.o ch2rre unless p»jc-
c<-wtul: open evening*. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce co*ts H2; no fees or
rorts In advance: all law barfnese; office
rpeu Eeturday evenings. 819 Market rt.. r.33.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law & Collection
Arenry. room S.S. 016 Mtrlcet : tel. John 6226.
PATENTS, A7neri<-*r. and foreign. EONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine ft., 6th floor.
L. 6. CLARK. 027 Market, r. 30*; consultation
{re*: no ft?e» In advance; open evenlngi.
AOTOMOBIEES.
A I'TOaiOBILn for Bale; 10 h. r-: $700; *«at 2
cr 4; flrM-cl*e» condition. Box 1234. Call.
LOCOMOBILE, lrt-hcrsepower: •> F eati>- In
p^od rani.lng order. Call 473 Valencia ft.
ASTHMA CTTJHE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
• l*o CTfihart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
B1BDS._ POOS. ETC.
HAnT/5 Mountain canaries & African pray par-
rpt«. juet received. A. C. RoWaon. g35 Kearny.
JBOAJRD IKO^OB^HttDRElJr.
WANTED — A child to board; cood home. 37
hen Carloe ave.
BOASDngP rOB CHI.DSEIT WAITED.
PRIVATE family to take boy to board; Oak-
land rreferred: attends public achooL Box
1638. can crnce. :?sgsmaemsBBi
~REE— A Two Pound Package of Piffs&iinj-s V/itos=— A Sinofe PacRaae
BITSIirESS CHAITCES— Contlnnea.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 105U.
3 Eddy 6t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-rootn ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for houaekeepins; automatic generators for
making own »ras; toilets, closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over nlfeht; perfect little home: owner
obliged to «ro East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. .'{ Eddy et.
FOR rale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately; fine proposition; has the butter
business of the town; exter.rlve interee'a else-
where only reason for selling' books open for
inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city:
7 acres In shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars • direct; clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR : ale— Well equipped millinery store ,-
beautiful show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness: fine location: fittings coat more than
price asked; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
F 0 ," 1 fale— Several good business, propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry,
ice cream mHJiufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to Ziave
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
RESTAURANT for sale In Sacramento: doing
nicely and a g«»od trade established for sev-
eral years; everything in flrst-class order;
will sell reasonable. Address, for particulars
box 041, Call office.
HONEST partner In business that pays $100
. per month to each; trial given; $100 required
1130 Market St.. room 2. -
BUSINESS man, 38, has several thousand dol-
lars to Invest with services In any paying
business: city or country. Box 1492, Call.
$1500 CASH or security— Corner grocery and
liquors; best location; no opposition; big
stock; no agents wanted. 1772 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; best location;
Ions lease; owner must leave the city; no
agents. Inquire saloon, 398 Ninth st.
CANDY and Icecream store for sale; 3 fur-
nished rooms; no reasonable offer refused
531 Fourth et. ¦
WANTED— To buy a restaurant in good loca-
tion and price must be reasonable. Box 884.
Call office.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate
rcomins houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON i CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
WANTED — Party who understands bay and
river freighting; will start you In business-
no capital required. Box 1509. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED Baloon for sale. Box
1877, Call office. .. • "\ ..
GOOD saloon; rent reasonable: well located -
price reasonable. Apply 997 Market St., r. 104.
SALOON for sale, cheap: good ' location. ¦ 838
Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRICAL plating works for sale. 225
Tenth et.
DELICATESSEN store wanted. Address box
1051. Call office.
FINE grocery and bar In the Mission for sale.
Box 1142. Call office.
CANDY store^ — Will sell to suit buyer; snap;
other business the reason. ¦ 1427 Market at.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened st 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
COI.I.ECTIO w orriCjBS.
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
dty or country. Pacific ¦ Collection ¦ Co. 41S
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main C5S0.
| BOOKS
ECHOOL books, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY t.CURRAN. 657 Geary «t.
/T— $2500; MANUFACTURING business; rent
&o; the best opening for a trade on this
coast; rare and pood chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 1'tiU Kearny st.
A— $1400; HALF Interest in one of the best
raying saloons in this city: place established
years and making money; retiring; partner
to leave California. See R. G. WILKE,' 26&
Kearny «t.
A— $«50: CORNER saioon. witn 6 years' lease;
vory best location and a good paying busl-
netff. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C'^ Kearny st.
A— $000; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $80; best location: investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— flOGO; BAKERY: best location In the Ml»-
elon; rent nr.; all store trade; baking IVi
barrels r<r day; 4 years' lease: 6 living
room*. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
A — $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a good paying busl-
pess. Eee R. G. WIKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; cood
paying and old established hcuse; lease.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$25C0; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms |
across the bay; 6 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; finest location in
good business town. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 :
Kearsy Et. _^__ !
A— $900: CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms: lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
26>4 Kearny tt. ,
A — $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream ar.d candy store; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to 1200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Folsom su ; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying business.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $17M>; BAKERY, estab. many years; dally
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels day ; very best
locaf n. Particulars R.G.WILKE,2tt% Ktarny
$2000— BAUBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week:
rent $75, including 7 rooms: located In the
chokett business part of this city. Call R.
<J. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
far.cy grocery; 4 nice living icoins; rent $23:
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market eU Call R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. . >¦•"' '
A— I1S0U; CORNER oaloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; le»ee: one of lhe V>est io-
cations in this city; rare cflince. Bee R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ,
A— $C500; SALOON, cne cf the best on Market
,t.; 4%-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
pantly ntted up and never clearing less than
fciT.0 "per month. Eee R. G. WILKE. 2t>%
Kearry st.
A— $2t00; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished room*, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse.
wagr>n and :i cows: 5-year leas*. See U. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et. _^
A— $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.: rent $tJO: livluc rooms; stock will ln-
vcioe about $2800; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. Se* R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2t>00; CORNER «aloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; baloon established years; a
first-class faying place. Eee R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearriy Bt.
A— SSCO: CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
rent $50: dace doing a fine business; sur-
rounced by wholesale houses; no night or
Eundny work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3.'.fO; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; en Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: dac* must be sacrificed on ac-
ocunt of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR. MGR.,
SUITE £07 and SOS, CALL BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR SALE.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12.0C0 ANNUAL NET- PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be increased to $15,000 MONTHLY by
investing a few thousand dollars in additional
machinery.
Best reasons for selling.
THIP OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DUPLI-
CATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
Suite Sd7 and 808 Call Building.
THE BAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, 1118 Market st.
Faloons $350 to $7500
Rnomlng-houses $275 to $1250
Restaurants $!»5O to $2T>0<»
Groceries $. - J25 to $3500
Ci£ar stands $125 and up
Bakeries $175 to $000
BAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, 1118 Market st.
Cipar stand, near Market st $1SOO
Grocery, notions, etc., 6 living rooms.. 10OO
Ranch ani meat market, country.... onoo
Saloon.'rent (ISO; Ifase HkK)
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy cr sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have tT sell.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
fC*>00-»-THE l^Ft restaurant and cafe In a live
city • near San Francisco; well established;
doing a fine business; lar;re and small dining-
rooms, fitted uj> in granrl Ktyle; rent only
$.V, per month: am compelled to sell on ac-
' count of health.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market Ft.
Rooms 418-419. Tel Folsom 34GS.
FOR sale st a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
heme and mlabllEhed health resort. 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING, Bartlett Springs
Lake County, Cal.
$600— Restaurant: north Market, nr. Kearny
stand Inve*. ; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny!
$1.10 — PARTNER: need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run-
rent $50. Pee F. BERG. 318 kearny.
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE,
located at 911 Broadway, bet. 8th end 9th
Ms . Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, »afe, typewriter, etc.,
is for rale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED— HustUr with ability to sell candy
on talary: $15 to $30 per week: must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY CO..
477 Seventh »t.. Oakland ;branch San Francisco
ATTENTION. BUYERS*
Newly furnished transient house; full-
liquor license; 5 years' lease: new building-
dear* $300 monthly. A. STENBERG. 759
Market St.
A COMPETENT business man with $2500 as
secretary cf a substantial company; can clear
$5000 a year; this will bear closest lnvestlga-
tlon; money fully recured. 438 Crossley bid.
Ail organizing- small company of 20 people
that wlil invest $10 per month In sending
out i.rorpcctlng party In Nevada; if you
?' u \}2. 3 S. lT \. aj ' non < g t preposition address
bcx 1EC7. Call office.
FOR sale— Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of elckness cf owner. Apply to E
BAUER, S. F. News Co.. 842 Geary st. •
$500— CANDY store, factory and Icecream buel-
nejw; good country town; rood reason for
Felllnc. Address MRS. J. COFFANEY
Pleasanton, Cal. ' '
GOOD-pnying. well-established hardware store;
all nice clean etock; must sell on account of
tickness; only $8250; will take hair city real
estate. Box 1324. Call office.
WANTED— Party with eome capital to In-
vest In Angora goats; have plenty of good
forage. Dairy, 1434 Howard st.. B. F.
STATIONERY and book store; business eec-
tlon; full stock. HEDGES, 609 Parrott bids.
I.OPGIWG-HOUSES FOB SAI.E — Pen..
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
sale. We furnish abstracts free and guar-
anteo titles.
YOU want a bargain now, don't you?
Come and see a 14-room house on
sunny Bide, central: respectable;
rent $4 per room; profit $35 monthly:
price $550; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER must leave city;
20 rooms near center of 'city; worth
$3C00; will take $1500; lease if desired-
furnished 10 months. MARION GRIFFIN.
A GIFT— $500 takes a 20 rdbm; north of Mar-
ket house; rent $30. MARION GRIFFIN
will put you in possession. *
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by MARION GRIFFIN
a 27-room house "in central location;
always full of high-priced roomers and
clearing $107 monthly; quiet, transient;
owners leaving on urgent business.
FIFTEEN unfurnished. 13 UNFURNISHED
Price $1200 now; was $2lKH); 39 rooms;
some apartments; mostly men roomers; in 24
rooms are good furnishings; sickness causes
sale; some one will snap it up quick;
no dark rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS. "THE FINEST."
We Invite you to Inspect a new
and modern building on Sutter. st., furnished
most beautifully in mahogany and weathered
oak. velvet and Axmlnster carpets; fine
hangings. Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
9 ROOMS on Sutter St., near Leavenworth;
$4.")0; part cash and little payments,
monthly. ;>,: MARION GRIFFIN.
PRICE $1500. $1500.
Only $.15 per month rent for 24 rooms:
full of roomers; near Van Ness and Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MOST elegantly furnished 7-room flat in this
city: highly polished oak; fine beds:
extra fine hangings: near Bush and Jones;
modern flat; all conveniences.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building.
AT a sacrifice; must raise money; house of 12
rooms; all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains In lodging-houses and real estate;
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co., 10 Turk St.; phone Mint 741.
MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers ;tltles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
LODGING-HOUSE for sale. .45 Sacramento
street.
$550 — WELL furnished house of 8 rooms. Call
from 1 to 5 p. m., 143 Sixth st.
CABPET BEATIITO _ABTD CltEANTrTa.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uee<J
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market St.;
phones Main 152 snd Bush 479.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama »t. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st. ; ' Al cleaning. 3e. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225. . -. ...
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Superior Csrpet Beating Works."
S33 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison rt. :tel. Mission 263.
CI.OTHINO BENOVAT1NO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; cccuring and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe. Examiner bids., r. 410;
phona Drunw- •»*. • CmM for and deliver free.
CEAIBVOYAHTS — Contlnndd.
MME M. BERNARD. THE FXMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
hid* • she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals U»»
Present happenings and portrays events ta
S£ur In the tuture; if you are- In trouble.
Sntented or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
suit this great medium and you will be told
now to overcome them: valuable advice, la
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteedt open Sundays. Tel. Black 4583.
ISMAR Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st San Francisco. Office hours-10
a m. to 3 IP. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wedae*.
Say evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and P**^ 0 "£*
reader: readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 51- Jesala,
PALMISTRY, card reading. MISS L. KAHN-
TUS. 704^ Larkin: 10 a. m.. 9 p. m.
MME. EUGENIE the Cheiro. rev«als facta
that will astonish you. 478A Turk st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. 612^a Eddy st.
MRS. BAUMAJJN. the well-known fortuns-
teller. Is now at 817 Ellis st. _^^_
DEATXSTS.
? NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot br»ak:
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 50; fillln«s. SOe:
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 slxtn.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Marketer. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; t»eti
from $3 per set; extracting 30c; gas gtven.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 60 up: crowns.$2 up;fillln»s,23q.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. S3c; crowns. $2; n»
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewttt.204 Bnttw.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 84,7 O«*ry
st. to 630 Geary st.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon -dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. OTarrell.
ALL work guaranteed by th* New Tork den-
tlats. Dr. Perklna. Mgr.. 969 Mlsslon.cor.gtb,
DBXSSMAKCKB AjfTP SEAMSTBESSES
FINKELSTEIN. 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
to order: on Installm'ts If desired: reas: call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1013 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating:. Stew-
arfs button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
ZPUCATIOyAX.
A BIGGER school than ever. On Juna 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
st. between Third and Fourth; more spac»:
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West:
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
X— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or aay Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bids.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Actinic gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special mmacr course. 414 Mason.
E. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege. ha« returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typtrg; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 1S84; Vaa
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story wrlttnr and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
833 Phelan Mdg.: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1SS2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 50c. 2395 Mission, cor. 2O.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man'* School of Darcine. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH.Fr*neh.ttc.Prof.De FllippVsAcadamy
of Unguag-es.lOlS Pest: est. 1871 :ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montr" my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Dav and
PARTINGTONS. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Haight;
Individual Instruc: all branches: day. eve.
WESTERN BiiBlnew College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; prtvat*
CALIFORNIA Business Collere C23 Golden
Gat« ave.. P. F. : 75-page catalo* on request
ESIPI.OYMEJIT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offle*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 3732.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 O'Farrell ; teL East 42«.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographem.
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnes- Enp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki. mgr. ;tel. Bush 833.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Main S1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 y«ars.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
niPLOTMENT WANTED — rEMAlE.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, rood cook,
wishes position in small family; will da
small washing: city cr country: no objections
to baby; car fare. 422^3 Tehama St.. rear.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families: $1 50 per day; reference. Box
1SS5. Call effle*.
RESPECTABLE woman wants costtton to do
light housework and plain cocking in small
family. 31 Fulton st.
CAPABLE woman desires a position In a
small family for general housework: a good
cook. 2115 Clay s:.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
des-ires position; best of references. Box
16S4, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation as cook or
to do housework; city or country. 267
Minna st.
SEAMSTR'ESS wishes engagements by the
day; $1 50. Phone Church 2358; 1684 San
Jose ave.
TOUNG lady wtshes situation as stenographer
In Oakland or city; has good references. Ad-
dress box 1S7C. Call office.
A FINNISH girl wishes housework. Address
20«H Rltch st.
WANTED — Dressmaking at hom* or by the
day: home preferred. M. G.. 1533 Larkin st-
A GIRL wishes to do upstairs work: no chil-
dren: S2O month. 525 Shotwell st.
GIRL wants a place to assist In housework
and care of baby. Cali at 1004^, Howard it.
SITUATION wanted by a good, reliable Ger-
man girl In small family; general house-
work: plain cooking; good wages; send no
postals cards; a stranger from th« E*at.
Call at 320 Fourteenth st.
YOUNG lady, good amanuensis, seeks en
gagement. or would take small aalarr to
learn business in wholesale warehouse. Box
GERMAN girl wants a position for plain cook-
Ing and housework- In a small family- no
Goush W St. WWS l=3 - *° S AU9tfa •**.»•£
LADY with child 9 years wishes position as
housekeeper; If small infant therenpreferre?
/fully experienced In nursing- children. 800
Hampshire st.
A MARRIED lady wishes position as house-
k P *" I V 0I L' ii 1 e!der| y ««Ple or widower
where husband can board. Box 16S1. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation-
~£5 '"postal KeDeral h0U8eWOTk - Add««
EXPERIENCED candy and Ice cream salea-
COMPETENT, experienced nurseglrl want* a
LaVktn 0 "- *• ft -' OfC Tur £«e*'
GERMAN lady wishes to do plain sewtaff by
Call office? <**™. Address box 1323T
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
RELIABLE Canadian woman wishes place as
I & Sk 2 S P^nkl b ln U Tr rk ¦— ° fBmUy '
SFIBITDAUSM.
MOVED— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn. 4S0 Ells, room 221; no signs.
M. MAIJIE HART, successful medium; magic
work a *>pecialty; parlors 332 Eddy St.; hours
3 to 5; no sign.
CRINDLE'S materializing seance. 50c; Wednes-
day evening. 328 Ellis st.
C.MAYO STEERS ;psyohic readings by mail $1.
356S 17th st.. San Francisco; tel. CauD 856.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
to-ni,7ht. 8 o'clock; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c: dev. circle
Wed., 25c; read, daily. 43 Sixth St.. r. 19-20.
MRS. WATBORN, medium: readings this week
25c. 50c; cir. Mon.. Frl.. 8 p. m. 1235 Market.
CI»AIBVOYAirrS.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — The
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant in the world; telU your
r.ame. what you called for. whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.: Ellsmere
Is different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
wem impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief. 1 success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future: he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
interests In any matter; he awakens a natural
foice within and around you, giving yov a s»-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhapplness, disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for>uccess and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
hebits' or Intentions of any cne. even miles
away; remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; If affair* of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices 1007 Vi Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success'
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
42S Eddy St.; lady attendant.
Everything- strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee- to
make no charge If 1 fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and whta
you will marry: In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear cr ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
snd bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation: I Implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marrlace with one of choice. 10 a, m. to 8
r- m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st. 323.
A— PROF. MAYO. ~
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER OX
THE CONTINENT.
Special thts week, full life readlnir
ONE DOLLAR.
No More. * No Less.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
Private. No Signs. Walk In
421 Ellis St.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. rn.
All business strictly confidential.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. & nalm
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success- names-
L.. 50c; P.. $1. ~U Franklin, nr. G. G^ve.'
MME. MARSEAU: card reader; ladles 23c-
rents 5Oc. 545 Mlna. «C . ' ~ >c *
_
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms: Rrand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $40 i*t month; $400' down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central: 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
90-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; mott elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease: every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sifckness.
45 rooms: rent only $125: flrst-class location;
well furnished and cood running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $J500.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month:
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' . lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $i'OO per month; if run
transient can ' clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proDositlon In city. .
7-room, modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
20 rooms; new and elegantly furnished: on
Sutter: paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars. ¦/:• V-'.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 p«r room: long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get flrst-class house that Is clear-
Ing ?350 to $4!J0 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
I interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; ¦ well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms: b?st downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month : every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave . city. \.
21 rooms: cheap rent: very- central; gt>od
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; close In;- full ' flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leavinz city; make offer.
, 34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. •
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. -3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER Phone Jones 531
906 MARKET ST. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling homes over 28 years
In San Francisco is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. , He ¦ guarantees .title and sells the
bargains to his customers. Eee him.
11. rooms; Mason; new furniture ........ J 300
60 rooms; t Market st.: only --;..'.*..*..".... 2500
8 rooms; McAllister st.: flat 450
36 rooms; down town: reduced -to '...... 1100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter St.. '...... 400
18-room house: new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day; best offer takes It.
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
6 to 460 rooms: prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C- DECKER, 906 Market st_' cor. ' Stockton. ,
Two Pound Package |f|| B^ B^
PILLSBURY'S VITOS
Free to Want Advertisers ii\ Next Sunday's Call
* s e eaI Wheat Food
St^P §M}m ster^ 2e^ P ro duct which insures its health-
Ln ¦ \\ &* ¦^-^ >BB * BB **^nsi^BBB^^^^»M^Mttsr"l" - * sf t r^sr^ 1 1 F F^m AA H b\ * * TrCfra JS^^yat^jfrgtf^jMJjntr^as'fciPrVyBa.
fe| |^ jffnilffi^^^.^MH TWELVE POUNDS OF DELI-
l>^^8I^^^^Hwl£f rai the famous Pillsbury^ Best Flour* E» B.
%^|-'|[|[^^^^^^^ WOLFF 7 Sole Agt, 7 123 California St*
xMillllilii^ ant s rece * ve^ Thursday, Friday
lla^^ and Saturday for The Sunday Call
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, TSEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
11
WAXTTjBD — FZ1IALE. i
COOK, institution fJ2
5 cooks $30 and $.15
ti small hotel cooks $30 and $10
4 second girls $25 and $30
3 kitchen helpers *20 and $23
3 chambermaids 520
2 nurse girls $20 and $30
2 housekeepers 515
Chambermaid, in hospital • • • $25
Infant's nurse $30
V. aitret-s. Ross Valley $30
Han and wife, on ranch $"0
Cook for S people, Pinole 530.
Second eirl, for Ventura S25
3 women cooks, on ranches $20 and $23
Nurse girl, for Marysville 520
Laundresfi, for Santa Barbara $30
Ard 40 girls for housework, city and coun-
try, $20 and $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
AAA— EMPLOYERS' REGISTER CO.
219 KEARNY ST. PHONE Black 2446.
Lady retoucher. $50.
Exprrienced manicurist and hair dresser. $50.
BooUi(«f>per and stoncsrapher. $40 to start.
On-s bonbon dir>ptr. $ij week to start.
Two wrhpricra and packers. $0 week.
4 lady solicitors. $2 50 day.
Oi>en evenings, 7 to 9.
BROWER & CROSB5T.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, $35 to start, easy position,
knowledge of stenography.
Glov e ealesladles, $8 per week.
Retoucher, Sacramento. $12 per week.
Notion salesladies, $8 per week.
509 Hearst building.
WANTED — 5 good cooks, small wash. $30;
. Infant's nurse, $30; first-cls.es Gemu-u cook,
I $35; 5 second girls, $25 and $20; 20 house-
work girls, $25 and $20. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.
A — HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
sltlons. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade tauzht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering cow;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in cue month for $5; ' positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed
at $10 per wk. up; 7 positions to be filled
Immediately. Parlors 143 Stockton et.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdreaslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RTVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY; GOOD PAY;
STEADY WORK. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32 >4 FREMONT ST. APPLY TO MR.
DAVIS.
WAi^TED — Experienced art goods saleswoman;
one who is thoroughly posted In lace and
embroidery materials; state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1SS0, Call.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking;
(rood wages; call to-day (Wednesday). C08
Oak st., between 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced lady bookkeeper and
cashier; Oakland. Box 1409, Call office, Oak-
land.
LADIES' experienced skirt finisher. A. KALM,
142 Goary st.
WANTED — Girl to do housework In small
family. 1526 Taylor st.
APPRENTICES and first-class makers wanted
In millinery store. C92 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; call morning.
2172 Green St.
WANTED — Experienced waitress. Olympic
restaurant. 555 Post st. ; •
OPERATORS on butcher gowns, aprons and
bar coats; power. 2O4>4 Turk st.
WANTED— First-class coat finisher. 520
Kearny St.. first floor, room 1.
GIRL for general housework; must be good
cook. 2544 Mission et.
WANTED — Girls to work In factory. Apply
Trunk Factory, 18th and Folsom sts.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking: 1 to
4. 1230 Ellis et.
EXPERIENCED tewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers; steady work
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32^ Fremont Bt.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework;
good home; waces $15. 2271 California st.
WANTED— Sleeve maker and waist improvers.
MRS. E. M. SOLLEY, 1812 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; assist in
cooking. 2S11 Buchanan st.. near Vallejo.
CLOAK and skirt finishers at E. ME5-
_5AGER'S. 145 Pest Bt.
GIRL to work In confectionery; must have
experience. Box 1869, Call.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, C p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary Bt.
help wanted — male.
aaa^ e^^l^y^r^r^gister^coT"^'
219 KEARNY ST. PHONE Black 244C.
Al stenographer, must speak Spanish, $100.
Delicatessen man, country. $80.
Drug clerk, registered, $75.
3 delicatessen men, $15 week.
Al man to take charge of corset.
Ladies' and children's Underwear Dept.; ex-
perienced; Al salary.
15 stove plate mold-ers, $3.50 day.
2 upholsterers, $3 50 day.
Experienced traveling agent, $75 and ex-
penses.
Al gardener. $40 and found.
Assistant window trimmer, $7 week.
3 errand boys. $4 to $6.
Open evenings, 7 to 9.
BROWER & CROSBY.
2 LUMBER pliers. f::5 and board; coachman,
$30 and found; shop butcher and driver. $12
to $15 week: saw flier and mill man: screw
turner. $50 and* found; 7 carpenters, $4 00
day; 2 woodchoppers, $1 75 cord; farmer,
$30 and found; miner, $3,00 day; laborers
for mine, $2 50 day; teanisters, $2 50 day;
cabinet maker. $3 00 day; 2 lroners, coun-
try laundry: laborers, $1 75 day; black-
smith's helpers, cooks, waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62-5 Sacramento st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third tt.
Stableman, city. $45 and found.
Solicitor, acquainted with city grocery* trade,
f 2 50. .
Man to carry banner, $1.
Ironer. near city, $35 and found.
Bench hand, cabinet-maker, $3 60.
I-iborers, $2 25; teamsters, $2 25; fare $3 60.
Laborers, $2, fare $1 60, year's work.
! Teamsters, SI 23 and fd., fare $2 65.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
042 Commercial »t., near Kearny. *
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Man to run gasoline launch on river, north,
very easy Job, $40 fd. . .
6 carpenters, north, $97 50.
5 carpenters, gold dredgers, $S0 fd.
2 rough carpenters, city, few tools necessary,
$2 50 to $3; 5 slaughter butchers; 125 la-
borers, $2 to $2 60 day; 15 boys, box factory.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
70 placer miners, average depth 14 feet, 80c
r bucket: $30 per day earned; call at office
or write.
Fancy goods manager. Oakland. $100 to $150.
15 single miners. $3 per day, adjoining State.
Salesman, gilt edge stock.
Many hlgh-cla*s positions.
Call at office. 1
600 HEARST BLDG. |
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 025 Golden I
Gate ave., room 7, for free information aa
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings. ¦ ._
ONE or two men to learn a frood trade; steady
work; no night or. Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 310% Folsom st., upstairs.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evening, Sat-
urday afternoon and Sunday. 2952 Twenty-
fourth st.
FOR »ale — Barber shop and bath; clearing $35
to $40 weekly; in prosperous town of 23oO
Address box 1SS4. Call.
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st.
GOOD barber, Wednesday evening, Saturday
and Sunday. 615 Hayes Bt.
ERRAND boy wanted.; MUTUAL L. & L. CO.,
Second and Bryant. ¦ Artist room.
ACTIVE young man, with small amount
money, for steady position. 247 Fifth st.
WANTED^-A porter. 24 Sixth st.
WANTED— An errand boy. 21*0 Stevenson st.,
room 5.
Wiff Produce Twefve Pounds of Deficious Food— With Want Ads— FREE
A— MURRAY & KEADY. ttsTanXSe^Clay^
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We epeak the German, French. Italian.
.Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. • ¦
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS.
NEW BIG JOB.
25 carpenters, steady Jobs, fare $1, $3 50 day.
Carpenter, stock ranch, 75c fare, $50 fd.
Upholsterer, $2 50 day.
15 carpenters, 50c fare, $3 day.
3 shinslers, 50c fare, $lper M.
5 carpenters, ranch, fare $1 25, ?40 fd.
' 5 carpenters, factory, 30c fare, $3 day.
5 woodworkers, $00; 5 bench hands, $90.
¦» Table-makers; 3 brushmakers; band sawyer,
12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 day.
PLUMBERS, FARE PAID.
12 plumbers, "no union," $¦* day.
Pattern-maker for mine, $4 50 day.
2 BRICKLAYERS, $5.
Rough painter. $2 day: painter, city, $3 day.
C IRON MOLDERS.
Ship calker; slack coopers; 3 varnish fin-
ishers.
Ganz trimmerman, fare ?2 60. $50 fd.
Well digger, understands »ras engine, $40 fd.
BLACKSMITHS.
6 blacksmiths and horseshoers. $3, $3 50 to
f 4 day.
Leverman. gasoline engine dredger, $75.
ENGINEER— PUMPS, $3 BO day.
Quarryman. handle powder, sharpen drills,
*75.
Young man drive delivery wagon, carry
U. S. Mail. $25 to $30- found.
Baker, bread and cake, fare 40c, $55 found.
Helper, cake bakery, $11 week and room.
.Man drive wagon and handle trunks, city,
$2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
LUMBER SYNDICATE.
25 laborers, work on railroad, $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FACTORY.
25 laborers, fare 51 30. $60.
• > MURRAY i READY. 634-636 Clay ¦-
FREE FARE.
25 laborers, railroad company's own. work,.
$1 75 day.
-MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
HK WILL ARRIVE 2 P. M. TO-DAY.
General Manager gold quarts mine.
- - . : OUR OFFICE.
12 machine miners, $90.
6 laborers, $67 50.
• 16 single and double band miners, $75 to
$82 50.
6 chuck tenders, $75.
\ MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NEW JOBS.
155 woodchoppers.
ARE YOU GOING TO BUTTET
25 teamsters, special Job, $67 50.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES, SAN
BERNARDINO. RIVERSIDE, POMONA,
REDLANDS?
TO THE LAND OF SUNSHINE. FRLTT
and FLOWERS.
Where man can work every day at $00
month.
ORANGE AND LEMON DIST.
' 165 teamsters wanted, S60 month. .
' Ship by Santa Fe. $4 60. '
.. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay »t.
12 BOILER-MAKERS.
12 boiler-makers. 12 boiler-makers.
"32tec to 36c hour. 32%c to 36^c hour.
FREE tare — Manager at our office — FREE fare
rtovs — BOYS — BOYS.
25 boys -or youn_ men, box factory, $35 fd.
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
14 choremen. boys, see us, $15, $20. $30 fd.
26 general farm -hands, steady Jobs, $30 fd.
12 milkers, various places, $30, $35 found.
BAKERS. '
. Foreman cake baker. S25 week. , •
5 helpers, different bakeries, $20, $25, $35 fd.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS. ....
6 whoep butchers, $80.
9 butchers, different places, $30, $40, $50, $60
and found. • - • . ¦ . 1
4 knife men. $2 75. 3 sausage makers. $14.
3 porters, hotels and saloons, $20, $25,> $30
¦ and found. • •¦
12 waiters, different places, $25, $30, $35 fd.
COOKS.
• Cook $40; dishwasher. $15, hotel, mine dl»t.
18 cooks, different places, $30, $40. $50, $70
and found.- ¦
BELL BLEVATOR BOYS— BEDMAKERS.
9 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
* i_*yA'9RY - ,,
2 starch lroners, $T2 t» $16 week. •' .
Polisher, ironer, starcher. fare $1 60, $2 50.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, man tcam6ter, wife cook;
dairy. $55 and found.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch, no woman
there, $40 and found.
Farmpr and wife. 25 cows, wife cook, 3
men. $40 and found.
Married farmer, southern town, $30 and fd.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 30, extra good Job,
$50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 nnd 630 Clay Bt.
YOUNG man who is an experienced floor man-
ager wanted, one familiar with the dry goods
business preferred. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED dishwasher for small restau-
rant. 2SS5 Market St.. ntar Sixteenth.
SHOEMAKERS — 2 men on repairing and
"seconds"; good wages. 756 Howard st.
WANTED — An elevator boy. 29 Stockton St.,
city.
BARBER. 3-chalr shop, at bargain; don't miss
it. 1090 Valencia st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 635 Clay Bt.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge HORD
& SMITH, 95 Third St., S. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; eend for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton eve.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers arid mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
EXPERIENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply* superintendent's office The
Emporium.
BOYS wanted — Good wages; steady employ-
ment; for American District Messenger Ser-
vice. Apply at 607 Market st. '
BUYER and manager for a large grocery
wanted. Apply, stating all particulars, ref-
erences, salary, etc., box 1861, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter of good appearance;
Fteady position to right party. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 140 Market st.
FOR sale — Flrst-claBS 2-chalr barber shop;
good business; $S rent; good laundry trade;
living rooms, furniture; $150. 1119 Folsom.
! TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 50 |
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 60: we pay express'
charges. 11 3d St.. Exm. bid. :open till 9 p. m.
MEN and women learn the barber trado; wages
paid while learning. Haight's,>J47 Commercial. I
2 young men to learn the barber trade; a good
chance. For particulars call at 751 Mission st
CANDY-MAKERS wanted. Apply at F. H.
Bruning's. C21 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
HUSTLING man of good address. 121 Geary
St.. room 629. between I and 4 p. m.
GOOD barber ehepior sale. Inquire at 326
Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Young man with $76 for good pay-
Ing, business. Address box 1590, Call office.
WANTED — 1-chalr barber shop; city or coun-
. try; state price. Box 1864, Call office.
WANTED — Non-union . sailmakers. Apply 14
Spear st., top floor.
EXPERIENCED boy to drive butcher wagon.
2S53 Mission st. -.-„•,:
BOY about 15 for men'i furnishing store. 424
Kearny at.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs steady; owner
goln? to Europe. Inquire at Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; half price;
$35: owner, will leave town.' Apply Call office.
BARBERS— Good paying 2 -chair shop for sale
cheap; must aell this week. .1103 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart st.
FOR sale — 2-chalr. barber ;, shop and 2 house-
' keeping rooms ' furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery , sewed soles 10 min., 75c
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.,~82S Montgy..r.41i ,
ECELP^rAMrTED— MjMyn— rVmtfcme^-
WANTED — A competent cellar man who un-
derstands rectifying, blending- of liquors and
handling of wines for a wholesale liquor
house; must come well recommended. Apply
box 1S59, Call office.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st. .' : •-
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls.r.40,Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception,
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
¦ opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET j-our shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to r>0c. Sea Mlslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d 6ta.
HOBS2S AND JWAGOWS.
FOR sale — A brood mare, color black; also a
nice . sorrel . mare. 322S Folsom St., corner
; Preclta ave! . '
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — Young, gentle saddle horse; goes
single or double. Inquire 212' Eighth st.
WANTED — To .buy good delivery horse; state
lowest cash price. Box 900, Call office.
HORSE, harness and wagon for sale; $15. Box
1154. Call office.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagona sold cheap. 16S0. Mission St., nr. 13th.
LIGHT wagon, Al condition; cheap. Apply
BAKER & SON, 37 Second st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
/ WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms - on California St.;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
• and Tenth. Cal. Housewreckicg Co. "-,
HOUSES TO LET— PT-tWISHED.
TO let, from Sept. 25— Modern 6-room house,
fully furnished, for 8 months; rent reason-
able - to responsible party. Call at 767
Castro st.
HOUSES rUBHISECep— -FOB 8AI.E.
BUSH. SS3 — For sale; furnished house, 10
rooms; large sunny yard; call between 1 and
o. Ask for landlady.
FURNITURE of 13 rooms arranged In house-
' keeping apartments; bargain. Call at 220
Halght st.
TO be sold at once; furniture 3 rooms and
piano. 228 Oak st.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamea. tricycle chair 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
"OST A1TD rOTTITD.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan - Society of San Francisco in
the name of ROY J: HANCOCK. No. 274-340.
..The finder will please return to bank.
LOST-— All of our competitors; reduction In
. prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBELEY
. THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant
197; 1204 Sutter St., phone East 817.
LOST — Strand gold beads with locket attached;
initials K. I. S. ;' liberal reward. Return 542
- Sutter «t.- r -•-• ¦'.",• ".
LOST — In Jefferson Square Monday, Sept. 19.
- silver watch; owner's name on back of case;
valued as keepsake. P26 Eddy st. ; reward.
$5 'REWARD— Lost, water spaniel; all brown,
cut on left foreleg. Return F. W. BELL.
570 Sixty-third st.. Oakland. ¦ .
LOST — BIub Dane dog; collar; license on; re-
ward. 3371 Twenty-first st.
LATJKCHES FOB HIHE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
Bt.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. MIchaelts Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2686.
MATTRESSES AXTD FTLI.Ov73.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard Bt.; phone South 210.
MEDICAL. i
LADIES desiring cafe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee3 CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVa Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San-
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W.' O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never fails: a protec-
tion without internal medicine; price $2 per
box. FROST'S Chemical Agency, 1104 Mar*
ket st., San Francisco.
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth ft., room 9, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic vapor &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
MRS. THIESSEN, graduate German midwife;
20 years' experience: home in \ confinement;
best care. 49 Perry, c. Third. Tel. Red 51i2.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method ot. treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES, call at MRS. BROWN'S for medical
advice. 1279 Union st: 9-2.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavcnworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES— Kumround ; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2095 Foliiom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or -no fee; C10-
MII.I.INERY. '
PRIVATE lessons given day and evening;
t*rms reasonr-.ble. 24 Ninth St.
mines A^n^Mnsrxwa.^
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13, 330 Pine st.. will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
tiuyB. sells, develops and operates mlnea.
MIS CSXiIiAlTEOTTS— ~"*~t' SAIiE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, purapa,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, .Bold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ATTENTION, Odd Fallows" — Full dress' suits
for the *rrand ball; Tuxedos and Prince Al-
berts for other functions; suits delivered
aud called for. J. COOPER, rental parlora.
21 Stockton St., nr. Market: second floor.
FOR stle^ — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments: we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 1 652 Mission st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? . •
'. ¦ Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needi no painting or coating; good over old
- Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to move
to New Montgomery St., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-'
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market et. -.,•-, > ¦
A— BUYS, sells or rents I gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers.- water, pipe, shafting, pulley*,
eto. ...WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. •
rr-PIiOT-IEITT -WAHr/TED — rem_le~Con
STI1ONG. wi'.ling. competent American woman,
temptratr. booestj war.ts llpht sweeping mi
ua&hir.c bjT the day; Sr.e iaunJres-'S; guaran-
tw kaiii-faction; $1 25 and carzare. 1S9
I'ourth *t.. first flipfct, room 24.
SCXtSSTKEES wishes engage— '.ente by day;
$' .".it. 1*34 fcixn Jess ave. Phon* Church
.
[IXPEEIEXCED Dan M wishes confinements.
" ••: r:.. ch&rcb 2250.
'U* ANTED — -V petition a> hairdresser. « Rca-
<".* ft.
\ njjAX wants work by the day; washing.
we<ir.!r«_. etc. 3-1 Valencia st.
a GOOD ¦«— «r would like to go cut by the
U_y at btfptr for dressmaker. Box 1S15. Call.
-. \"\'TK1> — Copytec cr typewriting at home
% 14»>. cail office.
.'.::•— Plain s^wiriE by the day. Address
- . ¦.:•..¦' v- >'S. C'4-J ¦!«-«m» »t.
v. iNTCD. by a respectable wo— tan. washing
Y»\t day. Cail C2T5 Harrison at.
ri'.IAN «irl warts position; h: use or
cfcaraber «crk. S017 Twentieth st.
IPANESE woman desires position at houne-
. r.r kitcJicn help. K. 1MAI. 1230 Ca'.l-
:¦¦-•••¦¦* *'-¦
MPAMfE wemar. wants position as plain
"V end housework ir. the city. Address
MKs?. .NOBl!, 4 C_rloe place.
JAPANESE rlrl wants position as cook and
- r. lusem-ork. K. F.. 633 Stevenson st.
SMPLOTMEUT WASTTED— • IIA-E,
A -vOrjS ws-ted for 3 Ft ench, 2 Italian. 4
A-rman chefs.
3 .rrtric*n waiters and wl\-es, waitresses.
I G»rtr.an bakers and rastry cook.
1 hotel porters. 7 barkeepers.
10 bell and elevator beys.
S ftrfiEers and wives: 3 farmers and wive*.
M waitress's. 20 chambermaids
Afrply C. R HAXSEX & CO.. 423 Bush St.
r;R5T-CLAES barkeeper, experienced In hotel
ex ssi'oon, also his wife, as waitress and
¦hamberrr raid, tvis-h tituatione; would ro
w-pa.ra.te or together; first-class people. See
J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter «t.
A MAN of Z>. who has learned the tailor trade
in r>er.mark. bat has not worked at It for
f.™ i!m<". would like to have work as helper
or as prerser in the city. Box 1S79. Cail.
AN' expert raisins manager of .considerable ex-
I-erienee in America, New Zealand and Aus-
tralia, vishea engagement; excellent testi-
raoni-is: elate salary. Box LSS7. Call.
DRUGGIST; 5 years" experience, wants posi-
tion rn retail drug rtore: graduate in
r-harmaey; single. Box 1407, Call office, Oak-
land.
AN exfpricroed hardware man wants poslMcm
in retail hardware store; single: wages
reasonable. Box 140S. Call office. Oakland.
GARDENER and man about place; country
experience: references; wages $30. Box 18s2.
Ca!i office.
JANITOR or porter work wanted by an ex-
perienced married man; handy with tools;
city references. Cox lt*>3. Call.
WANTED— Position by nrst-claes tinner and
p:urrl>er in same shop; can furnish good
of toclf. Address box 177, St. Helena. Cal.
('ARPESTER, non-union, can plan building:
wants work. Box Ib^l. Call office.
A POSITION wanted by 'American. 37 years of
see, as cuachman or man about country
place; thorough horseman; understands care
cf cows, lawns, etc.: handy with tools;
strictly temperate; best of references. Box
1520 Call oftice.
YOUNG man. 20 years eld, 4 years' experience,
flrst-c!ay£ hotels, knowledge German, Eng-
lish French. want6 office position in hotel.
Addres? MARTIN J. DUTTEERND. 1028
Jaciifcn et.
MINING man, thoroughly reliable and compe-
tent, cgc- -&J jea;s. strictly non-union, wishes
to have charge of work in or about Goldfteld,
Nev. ; \~rst r.t references. Room 47, Win-
chester Hotel.
tITL'ATJON wanted by 3"oung man. honest
sad reliable, in jjheto gallery; 3 years' expe-
rience: developing and retouching specialty.
Box 1U8, Call office.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
rise? by a reliable man; understand* garden-
ing:, car*- cf horses' and milking; good refer-
ences. Box lCSfi. Call efflce.
A GROCERY clerk and bartender. German,
mW(!Ie-ag«i and single, wishes a situation:
flrbt-claM references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kr-ar-y et.
ETSADT. reliable young man. 23. experienced
J«>ikkfreper. cttiree position as bookkeeper or
assistant; Al references; your interest is my
interest; wages low to begin. Box 1519. Call.
M'RPE (male), graduate training school.
wishes mental or other cawe; nine yars'
experience firs t-c!a£S hospital: best of refer-
»ncer; willing to travel. Box 1713, Call.
MAN and wife want places on ranch or pri-
vate place; foo4 all-round man; understands
<-ar«> <">f hor*e«; —rife good plain cook. L.
THOMPSON. 162 Fourth st.
COLLECTOR — Situation wanted by a man of
Bt~ mj years' experience; best of reference
ar.d bond furnished if necetsary. Box 100S.
Call eftic*.
A FIRST-CLAFS sober painter, paperhanger,
Ueter and gralner wishes a fteady position
!n t large building or for an ?¦stats; state
*ap^s and particulars. Box 1855, Call.
BTCADTi reliable young man, 23. experienced
rockkTer. drsires position as bookkeeper or
*»sistant: Al ref*r>»nce*; your Interest Is my
int-rwt; -.••*** low to begin. Box 1519. Call.
GLRMAX wine— ieker wants to get a place Ir
the city or country as cellar master or assist-
ant; has 15 years' California experience; can
gite good re?erere*s. 1074 Howard St.. r. 14.
YOUNG man. 28. steady and willing to wc»k,
would l;ke position with gasoline engine firm
with a view to help him 1 in his etudies. Box
__742. 100% Market et.
WaNTEL — Situation, by an engineer and ma-
<-r.!ni*t, with » years' experience; also un-
derstands electrical itenerators, motors, ice
making, firing with oiL Box 1245. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gardenrr wants eteady poel-
tlon; sober and induistrioua; references.
Gardener. 631 Sacramento et., city; room 42.
YOUNG man sneaking German. Ftenoh, Eng-
lish and gpanlth wants position. Box I£t6,
Call office.
•JOMPETTJNT foreman for vineyard and cellar,
also exr-*ri»'no«»d in orchard, wishes position.
1 • ««¦ epply 630 Sacramento st.
RELIABLE rteady, sober man wants position
a» day or night watchman; city or country.
M3 Eacra-jecto et.. Overland House.
WANTED— A position by a first-class Chinese
cook; fsmfly or bo«rding-house. LIEN
YL'EN. 1113 C!ay et.. tel. 3C58.
YOUNG man, 22 years eld. writing a good
hand. -:.:.•* pcrltirtn In office; quick at fig-
ures. Addrect box 1CC3, Call office. '
FRENCH ratry cook, uswj to first-class hotel;
-••»•:" up in puddings pies, souffles. Icec.
6CH*NTA_U_L. <K5 Eddy et.
COACHMAN and sanlf-r.er. thoroughly under-
fttnn<;» care et private place, wishes pcti-
ticn; references. Bex i£23. Call office.
GiJJKMAN. middle-aced, etrady. sober, wants
bUnatioa of i«>rt<-r and lunch man; can cook.
L"ck ::•:.:. Call office .
V F!rtS7-OLARS r_Ve and brrad baker d»-
*<.t+* m Eltuatloln In the country or city;
*!?!' *"****• BoT 1732 c * 11 -
DRUGGIST S years' experience In East, wants
jre-uion; fir- 1 •<¦:!.-«¦ references. Address box
J."il7.- Can.
*:.'LE nurse and masseur would like private
ra»e. mental or Imiild; best of references.
O: W.. J27O Eliis Et.
CHOUEMAN -ants r'-eitlon on private place;
institution or Hsrulie— ¦; refer'-ncts: wages
5K* e month ervl found. Box 1&.7. Call.
WATCHMAN. BtUTM -j«rt, « e ei JJ, desires
b. iteady posl'i.-n: first-class references. Ad-
6^ru hOK JG;T. <.'3!l ffflcc.
'»c?"7liFr5Tof£e nU t}t: *^ " bntIer '
XV^7'M.r^V". k ro i;n, an i0? Per>eilCC<l <^~ tl ~-
EA6T£I_V gtnUraan. flrst-rlass eal"Brn_n~-
whfct have ycu to offer. Box 1133. Call offlc*.'
COOt> barber wants Rteady wcrk. Address box
1714. Cell cfllre. •
cnADUATi: nias-im v.=nts pi*frnf- or etcadv
position. Addrei-k Box 14SS. Call office.
YOUNG mnn wants position as hat presser
1?22 Howard Et.
WANTEIj— A poeitlon as night watshman
Address T. C. 76& UUsion st.
PEBSO~fAXg.^^ _-^ru-
! A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
hilf of face treated: 1 guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smalliox pittings, etc:
Restore lest contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, eall or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 13: Powell st.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore threat, etc. Sold by all Uru«xists tor
over 20 years; price Me. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops tailing, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.,13CS Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting'
skin, mouth, bones, eto speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Centrai
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured. -
, WANTED — The address of the heirs of PAT-
RICK B. O'CONNOR, who came to Texas
about 1S33. Address T. L. WREN. Austin.
Texas.
YACHTSMEN an.l business men-All kinds
of drawing and tracing win te dt>ne cheap
; and exactly. Uox 171s. Call.
GOLDEN GATE DETECTIVE BUREAU. 75»
Market st. : phone Red 6871; consultation
free; confidential.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On thw worst ba!<1 head. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT leas than cost: uncalled for fults.' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5*
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
DEAD — Trance medium; genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis st.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
' optician. 158t Market st.. rm. 207; est. 1»1.
Superfluous hair removed ; electric needle. Mr*.
Eaton. 360 Stitter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.SS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOI3 A. GRAY. 1170 Market at.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagnes. S5O Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at ISirt Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order * 1 ex. pair pants. $15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th & 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
. $250. GARIN, 138 Montgomery St.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, p!ay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDT'M'S Egyptian Henna restores <r«y
hair to its natural col<-ir: St : at a!l drucsrtsts'
PABTZTEBS WASTED. ,
A PARTNER with $C0O : 100 per cent guar-
teed within eo day?: this Is no fake; better
Investigate. • Call from 11 to 12 a. m.. rxira
19. 25 Third »t.
PEYSICIANS AND STTBOEOirS,
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and resMence.
1021 Market st.. bet. t>th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD sk!r» and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market at.
REMOVED- VU. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at €07 Geary st.. near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO. the famous h«rb doctor — All dis-
eases cureil ty Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATENTS. _____*
INVENTIONS patent»d. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torne y-at-law. tt Hobart bldg.. £32 Market »t.
FTTKCHASIUG AOESCZES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solirlt-
ed 3568 17th Bt.. San FrancUco.Tel.Capp S3&.
PEOPOSALS. -
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Uuilders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bid*
are solicited for performing the labor anil
furnishing the materials for the stalrwork.
and also (this bid to be separate from th»
foregoing) for the roofing and sheet metal
work for California Hall, on the grounds of
the University of California, at Berkeley.
California, and said bids, oa either one or
on both undertakings, will be received at th«
office of the Regents. South Hall. Berkeley,
at cr before 12 m. of September 21, l&O—
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureti-s. conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract and give bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations in
accordance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Bulldlnjrs of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Hen — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
fur-ishing the materials for th# fireproof;
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, on the grounds of th«
University of California, at Berkeley. Cali-
fornia; and said bids will be received at th«
office of the Regents, South Hall. Berkeley.
ret or before 5 r. m. of September 20. 1004.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bid-
der In favor of the Regents of the University
of California, equal to ten (10) per cent of
his bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if «ald bid be accepted the bidder will
duly enter Into proper contract and giv«
bond to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance with said bid . andl
with the plans and specifications which an*
hereby required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds an*
Buildin-s of th- Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
September 7. 1904. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such —-barf
or wharves or such warehouses In Saa
Francisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen
at this office, will be received her* until 11
o'clock a. m.. Wednesday. September. 21.
1901, and opened Immediately thereafter, i»
presence of Bidder*. Specifications, general
instructions to bidders and blank forms of
proposals will be furnished to established
dealers on application to DOUGLAS SET-
TLE. Captain Comsy.
MANUFACTURING clothmff— Depot Quarter-
roaster's Office. 39 New Montgomery St., Saa
Francisco, Cal.. Sept. 12. 1904. — Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, will be received here- un-
til 10 a. m.. October 12. 1004. for n laa-fae-
turing and delivering to this department 340*
dress coats, new pattern as per standard
specifications) and sample to be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposals will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
be slamed by bidder, enclosed In sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked "Proposals for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1904." C. A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster, Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. IT. 190*.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, wilt b« re-
ceived here until It o'clock a. m., October 17.
1904. and then cpened. for the construction of
a brick hospital steward's quarters, at Fort
Mason. California, including plumbing and
wiring. .Government reserve* th« right t»
reject cr accept any or all bids In whole- or
In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN.. Assistant
Quartermaster Genera!. Chief .Quarter— ia~ tar.
• DrVXDElTD TTOTXCES.
AMERICAN CAN~COMPANY.
A dividend of 2Vi P« cent ha- this day been
declared upon the preferred stock of this
company, payable on October 1. 19O4. to
stockholders of record at the close of bust-
ness September 21. 1904. The transfer book*
will be closed as to the preferred stock from
September 22 to October 1. bota tnclusl-«.
Checks will be mailed. _
R. H. ISMON. Secretary.
geotember 13. 1004. ________
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of thr»«
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation. 464 California St.. Saa
Francisco, October 1, 1304. Transfer books
will close September 23. 1904.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
LSQAL NOTICES.
'r~*VKRI?PT~SALE— -Lumber mill at Marsh-
flpld Oregon, with complets outfit, and &40
acr»s of fine Umber land, at public auction
October I 1»<:4. at Co<iuille City. For particu-
lars "apply JOSEPH KIRK, Attorney Board
of Trade. 2ftl Market st.. nt FRANK A
MANSFIELD. 20ti Sansome st^ ,
1 11 WE Durchased the saloon business* for-
merlv conducted by A. A. LONG, known as
the White House, at Colma. All outstanding
account* must be Presented £r payment
within -5 days. ____W__P : _SPE£<CKR : __ ,
Continued on Page Twelto, ____;
fob^ai;e— c<m.
100 TONS steam and blacksmiths' coal: $2 50
per long ton. cash: ex-yard corner Howard
and Spear sta.: call at once; one ton lots
or over.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs. f
J. COOPER.' gents* full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton *t..
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 Sd at.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
OIL— 60 bbls Fuller's best linseed. 4S®50c by
bbl; less 50c and 52c delivered around the
bay. G. N. SIMMONS. 440 3Sth »t.. Oakland.
MOTOR bicycle 2 horse-power; good as new.
Call 123 Eddy at., 7 p.m.; bargain. ; -
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain. $350. 10 Sixth st.
GROCERY store fixtures and 21-foot bar;
cheap. 217 Mason at.
ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
I'D- HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt.
A FINE lorgnette chain with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission tt. ; tel. South Sit.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond rtng $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, gale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Greek. 131 Post st.
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap K. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt. !
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slz*s. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old Sold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Plockton tt.
WANTED — 18 to 20 pound rails: give location,
amount and lowest cash price. Box 1S7S,
Call office.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' cast-off clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1344. 615 Washington st.
BICYCLE for 10- year-old boy; must be good as
new; state price. Box 1S63, Call office.
A BIG price for ladles' and gents' castoff
clothing. 922 Foleom st. Tel. Folsom 3522.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
HIGHEST prices for ladl»s', cent's castoff c!oth-
Ing. etc. Tel. Davis 825; t>50 8acra— lento it.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY"" "(Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5^4 and 6 per cent
..Apply direct, saving time and expense..
City. Oakland, town and country property.
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates In probate, undivided Interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and 'undivided interests in
property purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
AAA.— HERMAN MLRPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave exDenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
ot property or chattels.
Box 490. Call Office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON rurnlture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private olace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 4«
principal cities. Tolman. &53 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com. : cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bdg
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
. LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 2L
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; eaay payments. 500 Rlal-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton at.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious utonea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St..
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hut'ton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collatera! Loan Bank, 53S Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes • without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
mtjsxcai. rwygmiM *¦— ¦¦•«.
HEADQUARTERS for renting planos^ — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium six* for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F. ); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. 9COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMENTS
Erard, splendid for practice $40
Sherman, Hyde *: Co.. splendid order. ...$125
Grovesteen A Fuller, a bargain $145
Also Chickering, Weber, Stelnway, Vose.
Steck. Sterling and others at low prices
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IB O'Farrell tt.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all make* In used instruments
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
hotfVe and only manufacturers here.
PIANO for sate at sacrifice; owner anxious to
sell; good toned: been welj cared for. For
particulars address box 1862. Call office.
Talking mactilnes. guitars, etc; easy payments-
month's piano rent free. Bruenn, 225 Sutter.'
A.George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI !
: - 766 Mifwlon st. ¦
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary Bt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary Bt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecallan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S- PEDAL. Etelnway up; Chlekerfng baby grand-
Shonlnger. little u«e<1. K*eff»'g. 2S.'. O'Farrell.
OFFICES AITD STORE3 TO ItET.
AN- elegant store for rent: suitable for barber
shop, tailor or haberdasher. Inquire at
Temple Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
FOR rent— Section of large loft: light and airy.
L. MINK. 100 New Montgomery st., 7tta floor
H??^®^™? 1 W -*J*TED— Kale Ccn.
™^ t r^ u &w k Vcrr !te
*-••« CCOtt Et.
WA^ TED ~ Position to run elevator. 233 Third
JOl*w" nud for a bey. 16. in store for errands.
AdCrfs-. E CASK. 544 Jessie st.
V.ANTtTD — Pc-ition bk errand boy. Dox 1819.
<-all office. .,
BOOKKEEPER wants position with mercan-
«le house; experience and references. Box
14fio. Call office.
A! COLLECTOR; can furnish bond. Box 1466,
Call office.
PORTER wants situation. Addrees box 1470.
Call office.
FIHST-CLASS engineer and machinist wants
position. Box 1GG5. Call office.
WANTED— A poftlttoa as bartender. Address
ho.\ lC5a. Cai! tfflce.
WANT v.oik on small crntrafts and Jobbing In
carpenter work. A. M.. .'1475 Nineteenth ft.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, wants small ret
of books to keep. Box 1495. Call.
A CHINESE first-class cook desires situation.
Address JUNG GONG. 27 Waverly place.
GOOD Chinese, fine coolc. wants position In
private family; wages $35 month up. LEU
SING. 717 Commercial st.
JAPANESE, very fine, honest boy, wants a
position as a school boy or half day work
in city: ims'.l wages; experienced. SATO,
&T'7 Dupont »t.
A JAPANESE (24), who Is a graduate of medi-
cal college in Jaran. wants a position as
assistant or office boy. Sll Stockton St.,
P. I. W.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position to
fn housework or housework and help In cook-
ing. F. W.. 1040 McAllister St.; Tel. Fell
7181.
A JAPANESE young man wishes to work for
two or throe hours In the morning: store or
family: eat meals at room. S. SOYJIMA.
.163 Goary st. Phone Press 2.
A YOUNG Japanese couple, the man first-
class cock, wife excellent waitress, want sit-
uation? in city or country; best references.
B. I.. 435 DtilKmt st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school
boy: epeaks English well. K. GEORGE. 929
Sacramento st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as waiter In
hotel: good experience; has reference; in city.
H. Y. D.. 606 Stockton st.
A JAPANESE wants position as school boy In
a fine family. K. HOSHI. care 1040 Mc-
Allister st.; telephone Fell 7131.
JAPANESE couple want situations In a fam-
ily: man as cook, wife as waitress: wa»?ep $50
up. F. I.. 423 Stevenson st.. San Francisco.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position,
private family; has good reference. ENO-
MALD. 703 Lerkln St.; tel. Polk 37S2.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position in
F-r.all. nice family, near Fprlng Valley school.
Address K. K., 1ST>S Polk St.
AN intelligent Japanese wants a position as
a school boy. M. YAMADA. 512 Bush St.;
I'hr>pe John 2516.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework; who understands thoroughly;
city or country. Address GEORGE. 502
Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do saloon
acd ptore cleaning, morning time. S. G.,
1504 Folsom st.; phone Folsom 33S5.
A JAPANESE, good cock, wants a position,
city or country: wajres $7 up: or schoolboy
In city. FRANK, 931 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position; good family
cook; also all kind of work. Box 1S72. Call.
AV experienced Japanese wishes position as
school boy. G. TAGI. 1336 California st.
JAPANESE flrst.cIaKS cook for roan and wife
cr for hotel. S. SOI. 415 7th St.. Oaklad. Cal.
-T-ft.TS TO LET. .
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
e— i rvlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trcuble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-253 Geary
et.. on the square.
1 ______Z_I_________________________.
— O let — Just completed; 3 beautiful flats. 7
and 6 rooms; rent $50 and $60: 1304-1306-1308
McAllister St., N. W. corner of Stelner;
must be seen to be appreciated; open from
9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
BRODERICK and Sutter. S. W. corner: de-
sirable middle 7 r. and b. ; also upper 7 r.
and b. ; rent reasonable; suitable for phy-
f-ician'v office or dwelling.
BRYANT. 2362-2372. nr. Twenty-second— Six
nvimi and bath: large back yard; new ex-
cellent accom.: $25 to right party; water free.
FOR rent — Oak St.; elegant new flats: 6 and 7
7 rooms and bath: rent reduced: facing Pan-
handle. 102m Market; phone South 622.
GREEN. 2132. nr. Webster — Most elegant new
10-room upper flat, with attic; eun all day;
euperb. unobstructed marine view; $70.
LARGEST list of houses and flata to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA. 1251, Nob Hill— Flat to let;
present tenant will sell furniture at bargain;
no dealeis.
FLAT. 5 rooms, bath, stable. Inquire 338
Thirtieth Bt.
PAGE. 805 — 5-room flat, with flne bath; well
located.
ELIZABETH, 707— Modern new flat, 7 rooms
and bath: rent $20.
FREDERICK. 4«4A — That new. elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toilets: mod.plumblng;$27 50.
MCALLISTER. 1.153. bet. Stelner and Plerc<! —
Elegant sunny middle flat. 7 rooms and bath.
NATOMA, 714, near Ninth— Upper flat; 4
sunny rooms; large porch; rent $14.
NEW upper flat. 7 rooms: every convenience.
050 Preclta ave.; rent $22 50. * -"¦-
NEW lowei flat. 5 rooms: every convenience;
$20. Cor- Preclta and Treat aves.
PtATS TO LET — F~fB~fTSHED.
TO LET Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m., 79 South
Park. ,
FURNISHED flat of six outside sunny rooms;
reference*. Call 1500 Union St., cor. Van
Ness av. ; 10 to 4. ¦ ')¦'¦ '.'.¦\-
EDCY, 753 — Beautiful flat of 4 rooms, bath,
laundry, very sunny, for $45. ¦.--•¦.
FLATS FOR SALE — FUBOTSHED.
A BARGAIN— New. artistic upper flat of 7 or
S rooms. $35; furniture only $475; Ellls-st.
cars pass the door; pleasant location. 1471
Oak tt.
PAGE 1S24. near Park — Sunny furnished flat,
7 rcoms, bath; bargain; rent ?28; also piano.
SACRIFICE — Flat of 8 rooms, bath, laundry,
yard; newly furnished. 753 Eddy st.
?350 FLAT cf 9 rooms. S52 Stanyan St., op-
posite park; Income $20 clear of expenses.
FLFGANTLY furnished .0-room modern flat:
shown from 11 to. 1 dally. E24 Geary bL
MCALLISTER 1343 — Elegantly furnished 7-
roctn flat. Apply mornings.
FEATS WAITTED.
WANTED by family (3 adultsV careful ten-
ants new upper flat cr hou^e 7 ~v>rr.s. Oak-
fand'. Berkeley. Alameda. Box 1S57. Call.
FLATS FOB SALE.
FOK sale^To-room flat and bath. 81 6B Lar-
kln et.
rgBHITPBB FOB SALE.
FIKN'ITL'RE. stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 4S8 Valencia,nr.iath.Tel.Church 3870.
ii urTCK £ Co pay highest price for fur-
nuur? car P«uCrte "tS2 Mlssion:tel.Bu«h 813.
CON'TFNTS cf a 7-room flat for saie, as a
whole or separate___151C^_ValleJo j»t.
r7B WORTH ut furniture for $7 50 down, $1 00
per week T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post at.
rPBWITPBE WASTED- ___j
~~ r ~~ ABELEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market «t. T*l. Jes«le <61
Jjon'» stll your furniture, carpets, office :ur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.^ .,Continued From . Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
STOCK MARKET.
Leopold and Flora Baer to Robert P. Troy,
lot on N line of Bush street, SO E of Octavla!
E 25 by N 120: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Harrington, lot on S line of Fell street, 60 W
of Laguna, W 25 by S 83: .
Same to Daniel W. ' Earl, lot on W line of
Laguna street. 63:101s S~ of Clay street. S
63:10^ by W 137:6; . B
Same to Elsie H. Scott, lot on SW corner of
Clay and Laguna streets, W 137:6 by S
Same to Guaranty Loan Company, lot on 3W
comer of Lily avenue and Buchanan street. S
James C. Bourbin to Fred L. Hansen. lot on
N line of Eddy street, 62 W of Steiner W 25
by N 1C0; $10. g94E$3$pa&*- '
Robert and TllUe* Lorentz to S. J. Goldstone
lot' on S tine of Fulton street, 106:3 W- of
Shrader. W 0:lU by S 80: $10. . !
Pacific Improvement Company to John Stter
len, lot on W line of. Clayton street. 125 fi of
Carl, S BO by W 125: $10.
City and County of Saa FranoUco to
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 20.
HEAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: California Fruit
Canners' Association, regular monthly. 60
cents per share, amounting to $17,349 60;
California Powder Works (new corporation), a
regular monthly of 50 cents: the Pacific Port
land Cement Cum pan y, a monthly of 50 cents;
Home OH Company, regularly monthly. 2%
cents per shar«\ amounting to $2500; Llghtner
Mining Company, regular monthly, 5 cents
per Ehare. amounting to $6250.
The General Electric Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 2 per cent
on the capital stock, payable October 15.
The Standard Electric Company of Cali
fornia has levied an assessment of $10 per
Bhare, delinquent October 21. The California
Gas and Electric Corporation recently acquired
control of this company, which has a capital
stock *>f ?o.O(x>.000 in 50,000 shares of the
par value of ?100 each and $5,000,000 5 per
cen^ bonds due September 1, 1039.
Two more members of the Pacific Stock Ex
change — S. Wollberg and A. Krause — have re
signed and have been elected members of the
Pan Francisco Stock and Exchange Board,
making: nine former members of th» Pacific
that have recently Joined the San Francisco
Board. It Is now considered doubtful whether
the plans for reorganizing the Paclflo Stock
Exchange will be carried out.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHAXGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107U 108 14s qr cp new.131 5I132U
4s qr, reg...l06i4107 1 3s qr coup. . .105 ICoVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s — — O T Co 6s..ll8 —
Assctd Oil 5s. 70 70*J Do 5s 110
Bay CPC 5s. 10014102% Do con 5s. — 103
Cal C G Cs. — 103% Oceanic S 5s. — 70
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s. 124 —
m & ct 5s. 81 81% Pac G Im 4s. fa PQ
Cal-st C 5s. 112% — P E Ry 5s. .105V4105T.
C C Wat 5s. 07% — P & C H 6s. 104 —
Ed L & P Oa.121 125 P & O R 6s. 114 — -
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s. 50 65 Sac EG&R 63 9!>?;i01
H C&S 5%s. — — SF&SJV Bs.llSH —
Do 5s 100«4 — Sierra R 6s. 100% —
Hon R T 6s. 107 — S P of A 6s—
I, A Elec 6s. — '— (1909) 109 — "
L A Ry 6s.. 116% — .(1910) .109 —
L A L Co 0s — — S P of C 6s—
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A.103% —
Do gtd Bs.103%105 (1905)Sr B. — 107%
LAP lem 5s. 102% — (1906) 106%10fl
Mkt-st C 6s. 114% — (1912) H6mi7
Do lem 6s. 113 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5«i —
MV&MtT 58.102 — Do etmpd.lOfliJ _
N R of C Cs.106% — S P B R 63.133 —
Do 5s URTs — S V Wat 6s.lO4 104%
N P C R 58.105 105»g Do 4s 2dm.lOO».4 —
X C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 98%
N C P C 5s. — 99 Do gmtg 4s 98% 99
N S R R fis. 101*4 — Stkn G&E 6s 93 '
O GL&H 5s. — llOU U G & E 5s.. 102% —
O W Btd 5s. — 100 . ,
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% I Port Costa... — __ ,
Marln Co... — 60 I S V Wat Co. 3S% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L"& P. . 3?J 3Ti S F G & E. — 62U
Mutual B L. 11 12% Stkn G&E Co — 5%
Pac L Co... 58% t'O U G & E Co, — _
INSURANCE.
FlrenVa Fnd — ¦ 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am-Ntl Bk 130 I Lon P &-A.150 —
Anglo-Cal .. 8* 87 I Mer ' Trust.V.230 -240
Bank of Cal. 420 425 IMerch Ex.... 50 60%
Yesterday was a very light day all around,
as will be seen by the different lists of sales,
and there were r.o fluctuations worthy of com
ment. There was a sale of Alameda Sugar
at $28 and one of Pacific States Tel. and Tel
Co. at 5105. • •
Business 6/;// Quiet On All the
Local Exchanges.
. FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20.
Flour, qr sks... 3,3401 Hops, bales 685
Wheat, ctls 630| Wool, bales ue
Barley, ctls 16,592' Leather, rolls... 85
Oats, ctls 4,153 Hides, No 77»i
Beans, sks 1.700 Pelts. No 435
Potatoes, sks... 3,93o! Lime, bbls 1.C0I
Onions, sks.... 1.0271 Tallow, ctls 253
Hay. tons 880 Wine, gals 47,100
Wtra.w tons . Rft! _»
Receipts of Produce.
HOGS— Live Hoge, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4 '4c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs, 4VJC; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
lions.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock Celivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cottle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7H@7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 6Hft6%c; thin Cows 4^5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight). ,
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3«4c; Ewes 3@3}ic
per lb (gross weight).
I^AMBS — $2 50@2 75 per head.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5%@7c for Steers and 4@5c per lb
for Cowa.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small, S3f>o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewea. 6.37o
per lb.
LAMB— 8%®9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6®Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
The situation remains unchanged. All de
scriptions continue in ample supply at pre
vious quotations. As already mentioned, a
few dairy Calves are bringing %c over the
top quotation, but such sale* are small. Ar
rivals of Mutton from Xevada are free. Hogs
are easy, with a light demand. There has
been no change ln Beef for some time.
Meat Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotea as follows, per lb, ln 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). ; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
6.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes.- 60c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; II. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. Xo orders taken for less than
eeventy-nve barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S@19 ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19@23; Lath 4
feet. $3 76@i; Pickets, $17@25; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for Xo. 2; Shakes, $14 for
split and $15 for sawn: Rustic, $33^39.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7\L®
~%c per lb; White Lead. 7Vi@7%c. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $41@43 for local use and
$11'{i41 50 per flajik for exr>ort.
SALT — Bales, 90c for common and $1 for
granulated; Dairy, $5 50 per ton; Granulated,
*t> 50; Half Ground. 100-lb bats, $3 25; do,
50-lb bass. $3 75: Rock Salt. $2 75@3 ln 100
and S3 25 In 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool,
$11 50, $12 50 and $13 50 per ton In packages
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs, respectively.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, ln bulk,
13c: Pearl Oil, in cases 10M.c; Astral. a»%c;
Star. lOi^c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene, 2Sc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, ln bulk,
16c: in cases. 22^fcc; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In
cases. 18%c; 86-degree Gasoline, ln bulk. 25c;
In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon ln cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
Nicaragua — Nominal: H 1 4*£13%e for prime
to fancy washed: 9%@10%c for fair to strictly
good washed; 8%@8?4c for good, to superior
unwashed; Sii^lOo for good to prime unwash
ed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13*4@15c for fancy
washed, nominal; 115i@13'.4c for prime to
strictly prime washed; ll@ll%c for strictly
good washed: 10%1jei094c for good washed: 9U
@10}4c for fair washed; KVtCd'Jc for medium;
6®Sc for Inferior to ordinary; 10K i '811%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9%01Oc for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; li\i<SW]io
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 29@31c; extra
hca\y, 31@33c per lb; medium, 25®29c;
light, 22@27c; Rough Leather, 24®*J6c:
Harness Leather heavy, ."SSf/TOe for No. 1 and
30@33c for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29@
35c; skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 36@:J8c;
Collar Leather, 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather,
40@44c: Kip, unfinished, 4O@5Oc per lb; Veal,
finished. COSeOc t)er lb: Calf, finished. 65c«?l
per lb; Wax Sides, 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits, S@10c
per !b.
TANBARK— Ground, $25@2S per ton: stick.
$19 50«jl8 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 67c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil In cases No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10^1 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for . raw; China Nut. casea,
fi5@8Cc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil, C3c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 07c; natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Xeatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
for strictly prime to fancy washed; 12%@13%c
for prime washed; Il%@12i4c for good washed;
ll%@13c for cood to prime washed peaberry:
10@llc for goed to prime peaberry; ll@12Vic
for cood to prime; 9@10%c for fair; 7%@SVat
for commen to ordinary-
Salvador — 13@14c for fancy washed, nominal:
12®12«;c for etrictly prime .washed; 10%@
ll%c for good to prime washed; 9V4@10V4c for
fair washed; 10@ll%c for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: 10@10%o for good to prime semi
washed: O'/sSlOVic for superior unwashed; 9%c
for good green unwashed; 9%@10c .for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; ti@8c 'for inferior
to ordinary.
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F National — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2300 — Sav & L So. — 1C0
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.SSO 40O
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.6O7»i — *
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196Vi200 I Presidio — <1
POTVDER.
Giant 62% 64 iVIgorit *\i. 5
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62 63*ilMakawell C. 2894 29
Honokaa S C 15*4 153s Onomea S C. 27*, 27*4
Hutch S P C 93s — Paauhau S C 15% 16Vs
Kilauea S C. — 5 |
MISCELLAXEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127 — I Oceanic S C. 2V, —
Cal F C A. 99 — | Pac Aux FA. *hi —
Cal Wine A. 84}i 85 | Pac C Borx.158 —
MV&Mt Tm. »6 — |P»c S TtT.104 —
SALES.
.Morning session.
Board —
100 Honokaa S Co. cash 15 SO
25 Honokaa S Co 15 CO
35 Makawe.ll 28 5<>
100 Onomea Sugar Co 27 l-'j
20 Paauhau S P Co 15 50
50 Pal tic States Tel & Tel Co... 105 00
$1,000 S V 4s (3d mtge) 93 00
$ 10. OCO Associated Oil Co 5s 70 00
Street —
$5, OCO Bay Counties Power Co 6s.... 100 25
$6,000 N P C R 5a 105 00
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con 6s* (stamped). 109 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Makawell 28 09
50 Oceanic S S Co 2 60
1C0 Paauhau S P Co 15 60
84 S V .Water Co s 10 3S 50
$7,000 S V 4s (3d mtge) 99 00
$1,000 Cal Gas & E gen m and ot 6s. 81 25
Street —
$1,000 Paclflo Electric Ry 5s 105 SO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLAXEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. 98% — S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117% 8 P Co 4%s. 100*4 —
Cal X Ry Ss — 112% Sun T&T 6s. — 115
M C Wat 5s. 100 — Do 5s 104 —
Rlsdn IW 5s — 105 Sutter-st 5s.. 104 —
SF Drdk 5s. — — UBR of SF4s 85% —
SF & NP 6s. 112 —
MISCELLAXEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . 27 29 | L & S F Bk — 60
Am Biscuit. — 90 Mat Xav Co. — 60
Cal Cot Mills 80 — Mills Xtl Bk — —
Cal G&E Cor 45 CO Xev Xtl Bk.195 —
Cal Jock C1.110 — X S R R 9*4 —
Cal Powder. — 150 X C P Co.. — 9%
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal T I & T — 155 Oak T Con... 75 —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Chutea Co... — 6% Orpheum Co. — 15%
City & C Bk — 120 Pac C Cas...l25 —
Cyp Ln Imp — «% Pac Srty Co. 105 —
East Dynm.300 — Para f Paint. . 39 —
DuP Pdr pfd — 80 S F Drydock — 65
Do com... — 60 SFA3JV Coal 17% 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — S J Water... 103% —
Fischer Thtr — 65c S OTgbt C.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — Swlas-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — 22% Truckee Elec 11% —
Hono P Co.. 24 — Un inCo pfd. 58"4 57%
Do (Pool). — 29 ¦"„ com 14 —
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$2,000 United R R of B F 4s 83 12%
Street—
50 Alameda Sugar Co 2S 00
60 U Ry Inv Co pfd 66 60
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Certificate 19
California Standard 13
Caribou 4 40 4 60
Claremont 71 75
Four 65
Independence 2« 28
Junction 02
Kem (old) 4 50
Kern (new) 30
i Kern River 12 60
Linda Vista 20
I Occidental of West Virginia. 05-06
Oil City Petroleum 51 82
Senator 60
Sterling 3 00
Superior 09
Thirty-Three 8 25
Twenty-Eight 11 00
West Shore 198
Piedmont 06 07
Peck 1 10
Miscellaneous —
Cal. Gas & Electric Corp .. 8 45
Fischer's Theater J7
Northern Cal. Power 9 00 9 75
Truckee Electric 11 75
Paauhau Sugar 16 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1500 Claremont 75
143 Four Oil 65
6600 Junction 02
100 Twenty- Eight Oil 8 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1400 011 City Petroleum 82
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 31 200 Mexican v .....l 00
300 Best & Belch. 1 10 200 Ophir 2 30
100 Caledonia ... 61 200 Utah 12
100 Confidence . . ?5 200 Yellow Jacket 25
200 Crown Point. 15
Afternoon Session.
BOO Caledonia ... 62 100 Ophir 2 20
100 Con X York.. 07 200 Yellow Jacket. 25
100 Gould & Cur. 20 300 Yellow Jacket. 23
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Bullion 23| 200 Overman 20
200 Gould & Cur. 20J
TOXOPAH MIXIXG EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Gldfld B Bell. 091 200 Mont Ton S5..2 05
6C0 Gldfld M Co.. 75 300 Ton Belmont.. 67
10CO Gldflld S Pick 18! 1000 Ton Gold Mt.. 17
CO") Goldfleld Ton 111 500 Ton Midway.. 39
600 MacXamara . 42| tO Ton of Nev.. 8 00
300 Montana Ton.2 051 .
Afternoon Session.
1000 Brunswick . . 101 100 Mon Ton. b 60.2 15
100 Cen Eureka.. 1 40| 300 N York Ton.. 04
200 Gldfld M. s 30 75 600 Ton Belmont.. 5«
300 Gldfld M, s 10 75 1000 Ton Belmont.. 55
500 MacXamara . 41 100 Ton Exten 1 30
200 Montana Ton.2 10 100 Ton Gold Mt.. 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Sept. 20—3 p. m.
Hid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha 10 12| Justice OH 12
Alta 08 09 Kentuck 05 C6
Andes 17 19 Keyes — 35
Belcher 30 32 Lady Wash... — 05
Best & Belch. 1 10 1 20! Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion 23 251 Occidental ... 70 80
Caledonia ... 61 62 Ophir 2 25 2 30
Chalenge Con IS 20 Overman 2O 21
Chollar 13 14 Potosl ...*.... 10 12
Confidence ... 80 90 Scorpion 05 07
Con C & Va..l 10 1 15 Savage is 20
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 11 i»
Con X York.. 06 07 Sierra Nevada 30 S^
Crown Point. 14 15 Silver Hill.... 42 41
E Sierra Nev 03 06 St Louis ; 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... OH C5
Exchequer ... 53 M5 Union Con.... 40 41
Oould & Cur. 19 20 Utah 10 ,i
Hale & Xorc. 6« 6C Yellow Jacket 25 i«
Julia 09 10
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. t>,. . w
Adams Gldfld. 05 07 N*^ York Ton 04 05
Colehan — 05 Paymaster ... <w tu.
Columbia Mt.. 25 26 Pine Grove... 10 _
Esperanza ... 01 (.21 Qulncv M Co 11
Eula Con.... 06 — Ray Extension 06 —
Golden Anchr — 25! Ray & O'B 05
Gldfld B Bell. 08 10 Ray Tonopa'h* — To
Gldfld of Xev — 75} Red Top M Co 18 1»
Goldfleld Mhk 20 _ Rescue M Co — 1?
Gldfld S Pick 17 — Sandstorm ..' a% \\
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton Belmont.. 65 M
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Grt West 13 _
Hannapah ...' — 10 Ton Gold Mt.. i«
Han'nha Mutl 10 — Ton Midway.. 3s •»
Jim Butler... — 70 Ton of Xev.. «t 0O .<»«-.
Jumbo M Co. »7 98 Ton N Star.!. •£>
Little Ton 20 40 Ton & B Lake 51 I_
Luck Baldwin — — United Ton... — os
Lucky Tom.. 05 12 Utopia io __
MacNamara . 40 41 West End.... 13
J. A. Steele (owner) with William Linden
(contractor), architect Charles Paff — AH work
except grading for a two-story frame bufid
ing on lot on X line of Birch avenue. 110 TV
of Laguna street. W 27:6 by X 12O; $3949.
Mathlas Mlbach (owner) with Henry Conrad
(contractor). architect — All work for %
one-story frame cottage on lot on W line of
Douglat-s street. 85 X of Eleventh, X 25 by TV
91; $1000.
Edwin W. Manter (owner) with Floyd I*
and Earl D. Baird (contractors), architect
Italrd Bros. — Plumbing, plastering. concrete
brick and carpenter work for a twr»-storr
frame building on lot on SE corner of Fortieths
and Point Lobos avenues, E 29 by S 100; $2630.
James C. Bourbin (owner) with F. L. Han
sen (contractor). architect. — All work ex
cept painting and tinting for a three-story and
basement frame building on X line, of Eddy
street, 77 W of Stelner, W 25 by JT ICO:
$7500.
Eznanuel Lewis Investment Cbmpany (bwa>
ers) with Merton H. Cox (contractor), plan*
by owner. — Woodwork, plaster, plumbing- and
painting for a m-story frame balldtag en
W line of London street. 125 X of Brazil. 25 bir
100: $1820.
Builders* Contracts.
Thomas Twoh!«r. lot en SW line of Washing
ton avenue 2C0 SE of Mission street. SE 25
by SW 56 :S; . V .,'
Charles E. Thompson to Staart Hisht. lot ca
E line of Dolores street. 57 S of Fifteenth, S
«:«* by K 100; $1.
Stuart ami Jennie S. Hlght to Charles E.
Thompson, commencing 10o K of Dolores street
and £5:9 S of Fifteenth. S 25 by K 49; $1.
Jesse Pratt to Frederic E. L>. Bellmer, lot
on S line of Hill street. liU:S W of Church,
W 23:11 by S 114; $10.
W. L. Wilson Sr. to Aggies B. Cleary, lot oa
S line of Twentieth street. 105 E of Sanchez.
E 25 by S 114; $ll>.
James F. I-awler to William J. Lawler. lot
en SE corner of Nineteenth ana Sanehe*
streets, E 1C5 by S 57; $10.
Frederick K. D. aed Bertha E. Bellmer to
Jesse Pratt, lot on S line of Eighteenth street,
ieo E of Sanchez. E 25 by S 1H; *10.
Emity Ka; p et al. to J. B. Knudaon Pie
Company, lot on X lift* of Dorland street.
237:6 W of Church. W 22:6 by N 112:6; $10.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Frank T..
George A.. Hugh A. and Janies Spencer, lot
«n E line of Castro street, 80 N of Sixteenth.
N 25 by E 100: $10.
Elizabeth Fitzpatrick to J. Fitzpatrfck and
Lizzie McDonald (Fitzpatrick). lot on W lin»
of Alabama street. 177 S of Twenty -second. 3
SO by W 100: gift.
George P. Marcus to Lena C. Marcus (for
merly Shrakkart) and Annie E. Bunting, lot
oa E line of Bryant street 16S N of Twenty
first. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Edward J. and Mary S. Blanding to Richard
M. and Elizabeth Harry, lot on E line of Capp
street. 105 S of Twenty -fifth. S 25 by E 113;
$10.
Bridget Naughton to John B. Garland, lot
on E line of Guerrero street. 181:6 S of Twen
ty-second. S 22:6 by E 75; $10.
Robert and Gertrude Ellis to Kate F. Srhst
zel, lot on W line of Vlcksburg street. 65 -N*
of Twenty-third. S 65 by W 117:6; $10.
Annie Vosa to Charles F*. Voss. lot oa 3
line of Valley street. 230 B of Noe, E 25 by
S 114; gift.
J. Cuneo Company to John H. Km a*, lot on
E line of Kearny street. 87:6 N of Cfalon. M
60 by E 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Wll
liam O. Irwia. lot on X line- of O'FarreU street.
61:1 W of Grant avenue W 39:11*4. X 77:6, B
89:11%. S 1. E 51:1, S 40. TV 61:1. S 36:6;
Liusl and Gluditta Gandolfo to Loais Pa
rente, lot on W. line of Powell «treet. 75 3 of
Francisco, S 25 by W 87:6; $10.
Elizabeth L. May to John Her, lot oa TV
line of Taylor street. 98:0 N of Washington.
X 42:6 by TV 137:6; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Ruby Hilt Vtn»
yard Company, lot on X line of Jackson street.
73:10*4 TV of Leavenworth. TV 11:9 by X
112; $1.
Eliza Cooper to C. and Ella McPh-rson. lot
on SE line of Park Lane North 202 SW ot
Second street. SW 44 by SE 97:6; $10.
F. H. and Alda G. Hall to Holmes Invest
ment Company, lot on E corner of Sixth an4
Tehama streets. SB 80 by XE 100; $10.
Henry Farrlngton to same, same; $10.
John Harrington to Julia Harrington, n
record 2074 D. 94 of lot on SW Una of Moss
street. 80 XW of Folsom, NW 25 by SW 80;
also lot on XW corner of Twenty-first atraet
and Treat avenue. X 110 by TV 25; gift.
Julia and William Holgersen to MareeUln
and Marie Caxroul. lot on SW line of Moss
street. SO NW of Folsom, XW 25 by SW 80;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Floriaa
Sto«fser and Andrew A, Devoto. lot on E line
of Florida street. 125 S of Eighteenth. S 10S
by E 100; $ .
Phoebe A. Hearst to Henry A. Whttley, lot
on TV line of Texas street. 60 N of Eighteenth.
X 125 by W 100; $10.
Beatrlce L. and De A. L. Nichols to Mary
A. Itricb. lot on E line of Twelfth avenua.
200 S of Lak« street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Edward J. Le Breton to St. Mary** Hospi
tal, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth street and
Point Lobos avenue. X 60O by E 255; $10.
Andrew L. and Ariadne Edwards to Allen. I*
Clare, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 225 If
of X street, X 37:6 by E 120; $10.
Allen L. Clare to George C. Clare, same:
$750.
Jacob Heyman Company to N\ I>. 'Newman
and J. S. Herrmann, lot on E line of Thirty
eighth avenue. 20Q X of X street, N 77. 3
240:5. S 163:7. W 120. X 100. W 120: also
lot on XE corner of Thirty-ninth avenue and
X street. X 100 by E 240: also lot on SK
comer of Fortieth avenue and TV street. B
32:6 by S 100; also lot on W lin« of Thirty
nlnth avenue. 225 S of W street. S 23 by
W 120: also lot on E line of Fortieth avenu.\
150 S of W street. S 25. E 120. X 25. E 12O.
X 25. W 120. S 25. W 120: also lot on W
line of Thirty-ninth street. 10O X of X street.
X 175. TV 240. S 10O. E 120, S 75. E 12O; also
lot on TV line of Fortieth avenue, 30O S of
W street. S 10O by W 120; also lot on SF7
ccrner of Thirty-sixth avenue and T street. B
2»0 by S 100: $10.
Amis Merrill to University of the Pacific.
life estate In deed srlven grantor to grantee,
recorded September 19. '04; $15,000.
X J. and Ceorgina Hyman to Frederlco Lo
votti. lots 1 and 2. block It. Market-street
Homestead: $10.
Kitty F*«!ey tn Bridget Feely. lot on W
line of Corbett road. 141 X of Cassellf X 23.
W 92:11. S 23:11%. E 83:4. lot 6. block 3.
Mountain Spring property: $10.
Julius C. Reis to Lorenrn TV. and HannaH
Johnson, lot 10 block 39. Rele Tract: grant.
Antonio and Sousa Cuneo to Angelo and Ma
ria LJercarl. lot on XW line of Tiffany street.
250:4 XE of Twenty-ninth. XE 27:4 by XW
80: ?10.
John C. ar.d Annie M. Ppencer to Kate T.
Schetzel. lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 123
W of Castro. TV 30 by S 100, lot 14. block 14.
Flint Tract, quitclaim deed; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1904.
12
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBK5LEY SEAL ESTATE.
DON'T READ THIS
With indifference if in nearch of a home In
Berkeley; here's your opportunity; think of
it; 4 large, well-improved lots; 3 frontages;
large 10-room house, barn, orchard and
various minor improvements: 4 minutes to
Ashby station; fine location; good neigh-
borhood, and all for $6000; don't hesitate.
Inquire of my agent. ¦
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.,
2149 Center St.. Phone Derby 32.
IDLE MONET.
\
Being in close touch with Berkeley realty,
we are frequently able to present for your
consideration properties which are offered
for various reasons at considerably less than
their actual market value. These properties
never require advertising, being bought at
sight by speculators, who turn over their
money ln short time and at Rpod advantage.
We can do this for you. We solicit your
clientage in this matter. >
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.,
2149 Center Et. Phone Derby 32.
NEW 5-room cottage, bath, pantry, china
closet; street work done; all fenced and
cross-fenced; price. $2300; terms, $300 cash,
balance $20 monthly; 2 blocks to station,
nchool, 6tore and stations of both lines. Open
Sunday. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — 5-room cottage, high basement,
bath, pantry, folding doors, china closet,
brick foundation, stationary tubs; fruit trees,
flower garden; good well, also city water:
6treet work done; cement walks around
house; price $2400: terms, $300 cash, balance
$20 per month. Open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — 8-room cottage; fruit trees, flower
garden: lot 30x100: fenced and cross-fenced;
chicken-house; 3 blocks to station and elec-
tric cars; price $800. O. A.
Lorin Station,
Open Sundays. South Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'T'SMNTS
PBTTITVAJJ3B I XtEAIi ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL. Agent, Frultvale ave.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$1050— Cottage, 4 nice rooms, city water; cor-
ner lot. 179x113; a regular little chicken ranch;
50 bearing fruit trees; 2 blocks $15,000 school.
Beautiful lots, 60x125; good location; $300.
For rent — Cottage, 5 cozy rooms and bath;
near station; rent $15.
For rent — Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; lot
100x100; chicken -houses, etc.; rent $11 per
month.
Apply to W. E. RUDELL, southeast corner
of Frultvale ave. and Washington St., Fruit-
vale, Cal. .
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL KSTATiS.
$400 • TO $800. 10 per cent cash, balance $10
monthly; fine lots, 60x125 and larger: graded
streets: pure mountain water; grand redwood
trees; charming views; right at the station.
126 lots sold: send for illustrated booklet.
LYON & IIOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BRYANT, 421 — One large room for house-
keeping; gas.
ELEVENTH ave. South, 15y — 5 sunny rooms
complete; $15 per month, or 3 for $10; sepa-
rate entrance.
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. 631— Nicely furnished single
rooms for housekeeping.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1033. corner Turk (Jefferson square)
— Vacant 30th lnst.; handsome rooms; un-
furnished or partly; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 600 — Two sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
1 fur. 2 & 3 room suites, sing, rms.; gaa. bath.
; McALLISTER, 711 — Housekeeping well-furn.
front rms.; large, clean; also furn. rooms.
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms; complete; no children.
MISSION. 2758 — Two furnished rooms; sunny;
bath; gas for cooking; $12 month.
NICE housekeeping rooms To let: all locations.
Phone Clay t»9«, or call 117 Sutter st.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; en* range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407— Per month, $4. furnished; one left
only; bath; clean; sunny.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Large suite for
housekeeping; gas range; sink; $15/
SACRAMENTO. 3019— Second floor. 3 or 4
rooms, bath; partly furnished or unfurnished;
also elegant parlor suite; new carpets;
kitchen if desired; low rer.t.
SCOTT, 300. NE. cor. Page — Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
SUTTER, S22 — Nicely fur. housekpg. rooms,
suitable for ladles; reas.; home comforts.
THE Virginia, 1000 Powell— Furnished or un-
furnished bay-window suites complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry; yard; quiet. 1417 Fremont ave.. Fruit-
vale.
TWENTY>THIRD. 3726—2 sunny, bay-window
rooms, completely furnished for hkpg.; reas.
VALENCIA. 822 — Two or three furnished
rooms; gas stove, electric lights, bath.
VAN NESS ave., 232 — Furnished 2-room suite
for housekeepin; gas range: adults; $16.
VAN NESS ave.. cor Geary, -phone Hyde
; • 1846 — Two beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations; terms
reasonable.
APARTMENT HOTTSE3.
ST. LOUIS, 1675 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET — Pnm. and Pnf am.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth et.— Rooms
25a to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug ctore 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
lights; running water ln every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1551— Furnished room to let.
———~-~ - " ~ ~r~
DOLORES. 881 — Large, sunny furnished room.
EDDT, 432 — Nice sunny single room, fine
neighborhood; reas. to rficht party.
ELEVENTH, 128— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732— Furnished Toons to let.
FELL. 330 — Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. 809 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, 50c and up; suits for 4 persons, $2
per day.
FRANKLIN, 1451, near Slitter— Furnished or
housekeeping sunny, corner rooms; low rent;
select place. ;
FULTON, 036 — Furnished room to let; tele-
phone in house.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 9&G or call 117 Sutter st.
GEARY. 168.%— A nicely furnished front room
to let. with bath; $7.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 521 — Furnished front
suite; reasonable; others.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HAMPTON place, 17, off Foisom, near Third—
4 6unny rooms; rent reasonable; unfurnished.
HOWARD. 715 — Large funny rooms at low
rates; 25c to Sl day end Sl 25 to $5. week.
HOWARD, 760A — Furnl»hf3 rooms to let. . "
HOWARD, 1608 — Nlcelj fwniehed rooms with
running water; reasonabtt.
T
HYDE, 1549— Rooms tol«L
IN desirable location; a«tt flat; occupied by
small private family; 1. bay-window front
room and 2 pleasant skje rooms. - Address
box 1506. Call office. ; |. , . . . -
JESSIE. 8C3, v.; eaat U. 8. Mint— Furnished
rooms; tingle, >7; for two. (3. ¦ ¦
* «-lGE furnished front 3 room ; • windows • east.
U. south, west. 2311 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
BOOMS TO IiET Pura. and TJnfurn.
LARKIN, 433 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MAP.KET. 1(M3 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
hot, cold water, elevator; windows for parade.
MARKET. 1722— Furnished rooms to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 120 Third st. — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$ii to 58 per week; the only new and mod-
ern hotel and rooming house ln San Fran-
cisco that has hot and cold water, electrlo
Hgtits. call bells, steam heat in every room
and gives free baths and elevator service day
and night to Its guests. '
MISSION, 817— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1027 — Neatly furnished front parlors
and kitchen: reasonable.
MISSION. 1324— FumlBhed rooms to let.
NATOMA. 582— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA, 615 — Nice, front, sunny room to
NINTH. 134— Furnished rooms to let.
OAK, 124 — Nice furnished front parlor; private
house; 1 or 2 persons: $10 to $12 month.
OCTAVIA, 1157, Ellls-st car, Jefferson Park-
well furnished rooms; gas, bath, phone.
PAGE, 1776—2 unfurnished rooms and bath;
call mornings.
* ¦
PINE, 1733 — 2 single newly furnished rooms;
bath; phone; running water; reasonable.
PINE. 1920— Furnished rooms to let
POLK, 725 — Nice furnished room ln nice lo-
cation.
POST, 632— Nice single rooms to let.
1 POST/ 8S9— Large furnished room, running
water.
POST, 1037, cor. Park— Beautifully furnished
rooms, single or en suite.
POWELL. 2024— A sunny front room with
bath, $10.
SCOTT. 603— Nicely furnished front room to
let.
SECOND, 149 — Nice front sunny room; parlor
to let this week: transient; very moderate.
SIXTH. 143— Room* to let. with privilege of
light housekeeping.
SUTTER. 1810— Large, sunny, bay-window-
front room, with all modern Improvements.
THIRD. 30S— I. O. O. F.'s given flat rate 50c
for $1 and 75c rooms; bath; gas; quiet; re3p.
THE Larchmont. S61 Sutter— New brick blJg.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $3 to $6 week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water ln every :
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; bagsage. I
VALENCIA, 210 — Large, sunny rooms; private
family.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Till for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hat
been opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite
Fifth. Open unUl 11 p. m.
noom^A.vrDjBOAni>.
BEST location; excellent table; cheerful, hand-
somely furnished rooms, single or en suite;
moderate prices by week or month; $30 per
month and upward. The Newport, 1018 Pine.
ROOM and board in private family; single or
double; 2 blocks from Park; reference. 28
B et.. bet. 1st and 2d aves.. Richmond Plat.
CFARRELL. 1194 — Private boarding; sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; terms reasonable
¦ for^two.
A SOCIABLE home, moderate, for a refined
worklngman: good meals. Box 1676, Call.
COMORA. 621 OTarrell— Large room, with
bath; superior table; fine grounds; rates low.
ELLIS. '453 — Nicely furnished rooms, with best
of French table board; gool location; reas.
EDDY, llSS.^opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FRANKLIN, 1518— Sunny rooms, with board,
$20; also housekeeping suite; hot,cold water.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $5-$6 wk.; American family.
PLEASANT room, excellent home table; eln-
gle, $22 50. Phone West 248. Box 1713. Call.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
W6. '
SUTTER. 820— Elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms, with or without board.
ROOM and board ln private family. .428
Jones st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. (Srace Church annex,
S07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
HOOKS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM with breakfast wanted by young man,
ln first-class neighborhood, near business
center, private family; state terms, etc. Box
16S5. Call office.
LARGE unfurnished room, with running wa-
ter; reasonable rent. Address Call Branch,
SCO Hayes st.
ROOM and board by lady employed daily; will
render services In exchange. Box 1883, Call.
BOOM-BEimWQ AOENCT.
HAVE you any rooms to"let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 096,
or call at 117 Sutter st.
I A — EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse, G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2»4t; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed,' shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaee & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
fllse. 333 Golden Gate ave^ phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission rt. ; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Et.: tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AOT> STTPPLUjs.
The White Grand is the most complete sew-
ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
attachments; make both lock and automatic
stitch; see this wonderful machine at the
White Co.'s new retail office, 015 Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheerest; second-band all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates.' Dotsci-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW. Home, the best second-hand machine:
all kinds, $3. $5, $8: guaranteed: where the
dolls swine In th« window 1fV» m«i>v.» <*.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY, September 2G, 1004. at 9 a. m., at the
office of tb© association. Point Lobos ave..
for the election of trustees and such other
business that may be legally brought before
: it. By order of th« Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
MELBOURNE InstltuTeT^an^N^es^LnTM^rkeT
cures; estab. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to o p.ni.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. ~No~l
. . 8mlth Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California St.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Ca. 608 Market.
ZJ£Jh~~~~~~~^^.
A WAY to health; mothers* and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VI AVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
WINDOWS TO VXBW PABAPE.
SEATS and windows to view 'parade. 1008 U
* Market fct. 1 ¦
GORE. • corner Market. Powell and Eddy sts. ;
large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 5.
MARKET." 10(9— Finest and best view in city;
.» reas. to parties, single seats. McDowell .par!..
For Marriages, Births and Deaths
See" Page" Seven.
OCEAN TRAVEL*.
>^v Steamers leava Broadway
/rx^^SiK wharves (piers • and Uj,
/4/fB'P»«h \«A\ For Ketchlkaa. ¦Wranget,
I I \1£jW1 1 1 Juneaa, Halses, Ekxgway.
I \ \QmQ / J *tc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\«k\r^»W/ 12 « 1T « **• **- Oo»b«r X
vJfiSo'^^XVy Change to this comjam'*
%j?Afo>»$*/ sUarners at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancocrrw.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Taooma, Srarett, BaU
ltngham — 11 a. ra., Sept. 13 17. 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. By.; at 3*-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at Vanooorse
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Homboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:SI
p. m.. Sept. 13, 19. 25. October 1: Corona, 1:S3
p. m., Sept. 10. 16. 22. 23. October 4.
For Los Angele* (via Port Los Angels* a&4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara -«
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. ra.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via. San Pedro and East
6a n Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Hoo-
ter* y. San Simeon. Ca yucca. Port Harford <3aa
1 Luis Oblspo). Ventura and HnenenM.
Bonlta. 0 a. ra., Sept. 12, 20, 23, October flL
Coos Bay. 8 a. m., Sept. 8. 1«. 24. October X
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mow
For further Information obtain folder. Rt«h(
Is reserved to change steamers or satllnc dates.
TICKET OPXICTES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Bread*
way wharves, rreifrht Oflce, 10 Markst St.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger ?seal.
10 Markst et. Ban Francisco.
The Paclflo Trantfsr Co.. 20 Sutter st.. wfll
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
S. B. BONOMA, ior Honolulu, Samoa, Anck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 29,2pm,
S.S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 8.11a.m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20, 11 a. m.
I.D.SPSEKILS 4 BSOS. CO. , Altl.TiCfot 0313 513 Mir-
til rrclflt OSes 323 UaftK sl, Pier 7, Pall; sl
C0XPA8HII 6S3E3ALE TBAXSATLAXTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS *„-,,-»
Balling every Thursday Instead oC^JPfKTa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4X *»Prvr9m*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $(5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulMlnf).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To JJ. S. Navy Tard and Villojo.
Rtmrs. General Frlsble. Monticello and Arrow.
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15, 6. 3:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.»;
Sundays. 0:45 a. m.. 8:50 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7, 9 a. ra.. 12:30. 2:13, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days, 7 a. in.. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
lion street: phene Main 1508. HATCH Bitoa.
To XT. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo,
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot «C
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg. W'eek days.
8:30 A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.: Sundays, »:3*
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Wees days.
C:SO A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. S
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rat«e
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martin**.
60o round trip. PIPER, ADEN. OOODAU*
CO. Phone Mats 641. except*!.
grAI^ESTATr— CITY— rOB SAT.IJ.
K EAPQUAn7EKS~rr>Il PARK LOTS!
We have bought stk.Mit Choice Block.
Right on the Boalerara *n<S Ocean.
Graded ar.d fenerd: ready to build on.
r^nhctrncted View! Profit for all Purchasers!
C&Tc early ' *r.i alovt choicest lot*.
Thev cared be duplicated by snyboJy ln
* D * i,v- s .icn low rm-rs or easy terms.
$tr.O to $900.
Oceanside braw* etOce. corner Hit •nd
«7;h ave. AIfo corner K St. and 49th are.
bouievard. Open C»i'.y ar.d Sunday.
S1C0 to SC50— Nea r Park and Ocean; $5 month.
$300 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots; on lnftallmente.
ffY> to $100 — Level Hxrt'.slor Homestead lots
Bear cars; $5 racnthly.
f'"50 to $3500— Modern cottages ln Sunset,
Fi-hmord Oeeanslde and Excelsior
HomVnead. Easy terms.
POL GETZ t SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room r-4. fourtii floor. Chronicle Bfdg.
only a re^igS ranc
NO INTEREST.
O-rfoMt lots In the Excelsior Homestead
•Tract- level as s billiard table; on street
rrad* : close to fine school: not far from the
M!*sicn-Ft. electric cars: secure one ss an
Investment sn« by the tim<- it is paid for It
win Ijive doubled in \aiue the way prices
h»\e advanced durin? the past year; buy
row bercre Wica Income prohibitive ln this
rap'.JIy Ero*:r.c section.
F * * WT. J. WHITE.
26 Jinrtr^n-.er>- st.. r. K. Phone Main 8704.
Il-Of' COTTAGT. 4 rooms; high basement; lot
50x70; Cort'.and ave. and Andover St.
IH00 nirpr and Church eis.; cottage of 4
tootsf: lot 30*111.
$4000— Cottage of < r«~nms: high basement;
stable: rear entrance; lot 00x117:6.
J2700 2 houses. 1 huuse 3 rooms. Including
p-occrv 2d br»us<>, 4 r<Ton;s. bath; 50x100.
JOSEPH STRAUB. «30 Mark-t St.
j<^0 COR. f-'iHer a ve . and Congdon; cottage
4 roens; mi:st be sold !«con.
jjcrn.— '"otiose 4 rooms; 220 2Sth Ft.; will
yen $12C0 on this place. D. COFFIN tc
<X>.. -.'.^S il:*sion tt.. near 2i5t.
pcip .;.¦,- — s;x e'ecar.t new flats: 6 and 7 rms
ar.<3 ba:h; facing Panhandle; will be j=cld at
lc*5 than cost to build. Box 1856. Call.
A Jimcn HOME built to suit you. lot included.
cny location, on II 2."> per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
t LOTS in the MiyJicn district. $2100; they
will lay golifn eggs. Box l^CS. Call.
fXtOO— CXAP: Urge lot, good neighborhood.
OWNER, 21 SiX"ar et.
AI*L wort guaranteed first cla»s by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S3H Howard St.
SI AL ESTATE^— COtTHT^tT--POT^ale i
WHITE & BATLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$10 pe" sere — 17C0 acres. Sonoma County;
mostly rolling, fine alluvial sdl; 45 acres
French j>rur.es. 5 acres walnuts ard apples;
vineyard; weM fenced and cross- fenced: cor-
ralt: fine dwelling; good tarns: packlnc house,
drying plant: 40 cattle. 0 horses. M0 bORf";
farm and spring wagons, harness, tools: bark
mill, cost $1SOO; took $7000 off place last sea- ;
son.
Offer wart»d— Vineyard, rear St. Helena;
321 acrrs; 1:0 in best wine grapes; vln<»s 4 to
10 years old; 3-story etone winery, with tun-
Hf|. Iully equipped with cooperage for 100.U0Q
rallorjs and modern machinery; pi;>ed water
tj-stem from cement reservoirs: S-room house;
rurrirr.er cottage, barn*, etc; ajl land tillable;
wagon, horses tools, including maturing crop
«f 000 tons of grapes, worth $5<XK); $10,000
earn, balance on easy terms.
$»C0O— In Mar.teca alfalfa district; fiO acres
t-zr.iy loam on main irritation canal; 55 acres
»crsnd stand alfalfa pixiiiuced 6 tons an acre:
5 acres trult and grapes; brick residence. 7
rooms: new barn; windmill and tank; 1 mile
of 1 reairn ry «nd railroad ptation.
f.^iOO — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom: 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard: ntw b'jildinps*: 5-room and bath cot-
tapr; good bam; v.iridmi:! and tank; poultry
houses: pee this, and if you want only part of
It BrtH sell unimproved portion c.t $100 per
acre: if you want to raise corn that will make
tht Kansas article •'side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$:;.-.00— 17 acres in Green Valley, near Se-
bastopc!, 4-room house, barn; spring water;
several acres berries; $10!>.i can remain.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sono-
ma City; 9 acres fine grapes. 15 years old,
balance pears acd assorted fruit?: this sea-
son's crop easy J7C0; no buildings; forced
eale: simply make an offer.
$ir.uO— All level. 30 acres. 2 miles of Calis-
tofra: small orchard; good house and barn; 2
»«-lis; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$1CO p^r acre — One mi'.e of llodrsto: 5 acres
cr : *« cash.
$50 per acre — 3 mUtt ot Modesto; 20 acres
up: H cash. t
i'M per acre — Near Lodi, en the Woodbridge
car.al.
FINE DAXBXES IN lrCMBOLDT.
W« have a larjri* lift of completely equipped
dairies in the best section cf Ilumbo'dt Co.;
20 acres up.
SZ.VXJ — Fine summer reeort in Sonoma Co.:
ftare station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
control!:r.g 1000-acre ran;e; K acres bearing
oichtrd: hay land: good house and 4 cottages.
&i' taraisbed: bath; dar.clns platform; horses;
farming implements: b*^- this quick.
JG50 — 3 mi!*-s of GdrwrvUIc: 2'4 acres; *>•
room house, large barn, 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard; oak tr»es: fine poultry farm.
$1000 — Only 3 mile's of Sama Rosa; 10 acres
fc!a<-k Icam; 1 mile town; $U00 down; fine for
roadbouse.
fC500 — Close to Calistoca. 90 acres; 45 level
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
fenced: flenty fine water: fine prune orchard;
pood heu?<*. barn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable bomes in this locality.
L«"t u« crive you s round.
$2C50 — North of Watsonville; <?5 acr*>n, R acres,
full bearing apple?; 9 in grain; fine berry patch;
4<» acres timber; flowing stream: 9-room house;
lsrpe b8rc and granary; water piped to build-
ings. We have a choice selection of fruit and
grain ranches at reasonable prices ln this
vicinity. See a few.
$5500 — Rich alluvial valley land, near Buena
Vista station: 10 acres In full bearing orchard
•nd vineyard; modern 7-room house; n»w «ta-
bl». windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm-
Ing tools; horse; 750 chickens: 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry; only $2000 down.
$0fw buys 60 acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
bet torn; houf». barn; orchard, vines, berries.
$3500 — 4 acies rich Russian River bottom
lsnd; half mile of Oeyserville. Sonoma Co.:
(.hade trees; nous", barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 email orchards and vineyards
to offtr ln this fine s««-tion. where the quality
of the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
J25OO— At Hopland; 12 acres; 7 bearing vine,
yard; 8 bay and garden land; 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools; 100 laying hens;
half cash.
$1700 — Only 9 miles of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling land; 10 acres
bearing prunes ar.d cherries; rood 5-rocm cot-
tage: stable, poultry houses; 3 cummer houses
for summer boarders: running water; close to
echool. Bee this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of Ean
Joec-: ."3 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard ln
flrw- condition; balance gently sloping fine hay
land; fine creek; 25 majtnlScent oak trees; 4-
room cottage: good stable; fine Income. We
fcav» a choice list of small homes ln Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around
and show them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We. have Kastern buj-ers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$: 5.000 — 74 acre?, about 30 Russian River
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard;
16-room house; gas in every room; 2 barns;
brick storehouse; cement reservoir; large win-
ery and distillery; half mile of town; would
eub-divld»: fine Investment.
$2E50 — 2'.i acres In Petaluma; all bearing
fruit; new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
«-foot ba«>e-roent; barn, fcorses and buggy; 9
poultry bouses; broctier and brooder houses,
wlniicill and task; water piped ovel* place;
tool*: t>00 chickens; photo* here.
$2930 — 34 acres near Watsonville: 200 applet;
C tcres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber: balance
(Train: 5-rocm cottage; barn, outbuildings.
S I6OO — Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam;
¦Jl level: orchard; cozy cottage, cement cellar;
b«rn. windmill and tank; ft poultry houses; feej
room: 240 her.s. We handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and ¦will be pleased to
£riv* you around.
$1200 — 10 seres In vine and fruit belt, near
Ix>di: ssnfly loa:n: 5-room house acd barn
J2500 — Near Sar.ta Cruz. 00 acres rich'al-
¦ uviej eoll; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, tarn.
T2000 — Near Santa Cruz, 12 acres; 2 ln fruit;
house. 5 Voorn*; barn.
Fend etamp for the largest and most dlver-
V.t.'A printed liet on the coast.
WHITE & BATLET.
fiuecessors to . -
tl'. J. WHITE.
2fi Montgomery et.. room 8.
Property i:xchar.ges a Specialty.
FOR SALK. PALO ALTO. PALO ALTO. ,
Near Palo Alto; 13 acres of choice orchard
lend: beautiful location; surrounded by
orchard homes; price $1700; also 8 acres
. adjoining. $1000: bargains. Box 1521. Call.
POULTRY farmer* — We have farms for you
eJI in Soncma. the banner poultry county; '
wnd for de»rrlptive circular: easy term*.
PETERS & BA1NHS. 116 Montgomery st.
ALFALFA, lands, stock .ranches, orchards,
vi&eyarCs: inspected bargains: monthly cat*,
locates <tent Tree. C. M. WOO6TEB CO..
t-ifc i!t:Ut st.
SEAL ESTATE — CXTY--POB_SAliE :fc _
AX~impoTir.g~Old~nnglish~dwclling, Just com-
j>letcd; S rooms, bath and servant s room;
lot JOxlOO feet; arfmired by all who desire
the refined, artixtic and out of the crdl-
nary: the newest treatment Is followed in
the French reception room, the English liv-
ing ball ami the Dutch dinlns room; among
t!ie features arc the beam celllnp; walls pan-
fl«d in natural woods; special designed fire-
j'lai-es; window neain, front and rear stairs,
tlurnacp. etc.; unobstructed marine view;
rverything In good tafte and best materials;
tern;*s to suit; 90t> Aslibury at.; take Hatght
or Ellis »t. cars, transfer to Masonlc-ave.
car; ojjen for inspection.
CXiEVEKTH-AVB. lots ready for building;
graded: street graded; macadamised and
¦ewered; gas and water pipes down; east side
of etrect. the <!«-sirab!e elde; only $950 each;
i:'xl.'U; $35 per month: near Point Lobos ave. ;
110 lots ln Richmond with all the street work
done, etc., and lecated so well. can be
bought on installments or so cheap.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.,
Savings Union bldg.
O^ MALJBSTATB;^^^
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS GOING FAST OAKS
OAKS $35,000 OAKS
OAKS worth of lots OAKS
OAKS sold the . OAKS
OAKS first • OAKS
OAKS day of sale, OAKS
OAKS MONDAY, OAKS
OAKS SEPTEMBER 19, 1904, OAKS
OAKS in the OAKS
OAKS HAYWARD TRACT OAKS
OAKS AT SAN MATEO. OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS CHOICE LOTS OAKS
OAKS with majestic oaks OAKS
OAKS still for sale. OAKS
OAKS See this property OAKS
OAKS at once. OAKS
OAKS Prices, $900 to $1500. . OAKS
OAKS TERMS. OAKS
OAKS Prices are very likely OAKS
OAKS to be raised soon. OAKS
OAKS BALDWIN & HOWELL. OAKS
OAKS 25 Post st. OAKS
OAKS Frank S. Orummon. OAKS
OAKS Agent at Ean Mateo. OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
trlo cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
sts.; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoft"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
row being offered; 50-foot lots from $400 up;
termr, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well water;
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
ln two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to tecure a lot ln this desirable section on
eaty terms: take the electric cars and get
eft at LOUITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY, RODOERS & CO..
Tel Main 673. 116 California st.
CJICgES BAWCHTS.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope;
eire to suit; easy terms: plenty water: fine
fruit; call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
ZtEA^E^T^EJTtJJ^CHAWGS^^
TO EXCHANGE.
For unlncumbered country real estate north
of San Francisco, equity of $3550 ln Berke-
ley residence; lot 45x135: house of 8 rooms,
gas lighted: separate servant's room and
toilet: porcelain bath; large storeroom; new-
ly painted, papered and tinted throughout;
good stable and chicken house; outbuildings
and fences n«wly painted; value $tiOOO;
mortgage $2450 can stand; Berkeley values
increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion: school in same block; elx blocks from
entrance to university grounds; convenient
to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and ln first-class condition; stone side-
walk: owner leaving. Address for next ten
days only. Owner, box 1659. Call office.
GOOD paying boarding house, saloon and cash
money for cheap lot and cottage. Call or ad-
dress at th» Universal Hotel, S5 Stanford st.
»t:at> estate wanted,
WANTED — A ranch of about 100 acres, ad-
joining some Government land; must have
house, bam. Implements, etc., and plenty
of water: within 10 or 12 miles of some good
town; will exchange business clearing over
$100 per month and pay or accept difference;
Sonoma or Mendocino County preferred. Box
1S99. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEBT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXXtAXTD BEAIi ESTATE.
I ATTENTION.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, ATTENTION.
HEREWITH I SUBMIT A NUMBER OF
GOOD THINGS; IF THEY ARE TO YOUR
1 LIKING CALL ON ME; IF NOT, BE ON
THE LOOKOUT FOR MY NEXT AD.
j AND YOU MAY KIND IT THERE.
$200 cafh and $10 per month will buy 'a lot
35x100, within two blocks of Key route.
ternvjius; will advance ln value lmme-
| diately and now offered at less than
market value.
$CCO buys lot 30-ft. front, within stone's
throw cf Linda Vista terrace; can b«
bought for Email cash payment and
monthly iiistailments.
I $1750 — Beet and cheaocst residence lot on Ver-
', non Heights, near Governor Perkins' resl-
de-ice; £0x120; worth $40 per foot.
$2200^ — Fine northwest comer ln East Oak-
land; 70x120: all street work done and
10-year-nld trees around sidewalk.
$3200 buys a new story and a half cottage,
containing reception hall, living-room,
dlaing-rocm. den and kitchen on first
floor, three bedrooms and bath on second;
terms if desired.
$7500 — No more, no less, for a Piedmont home
of 5 rooms, with chicken houses, stable,
cow 6hedi", tankhouse, etc.; corner lot,
1*56x240; cars pass the door: house elec-
tric lighted; tennis court: flower, berry
and vegetable gardens; the Ideal house
for a Saa Francisco merchant.
For rent — Sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath;
f>eparate yard and garden. car« of which
is Included ln the rent; $22 50; key at
office.
KARL H. NICKEL.
Room 62. Bacon bide, Oakland.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.)
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$4C0— Corner lot on Twenty-third St., 25x100;
very cheap.
$800 — Corner lot. 37:6x100; on .Filbert St.;
great bargain; in West Oakland.
$3,350— Reduced from $3750; new. modern, 8-
room house; lot 42:6x115; within 4 min-
utes' walk of Key Route station.
2O00—
$4,000 — Fine Linda Vista corner, with very
desirable 2-story, 7-room house; less
than one-third rash.
$1,100 — Cheap; must be Bold;_4-room cottage;
well Inside calling limits for train men;
lot worth $600.
7j___
$12,000— Inside lot. 100x150. for flats or apart-
ment houses; 2-story house now on lot;
value will increase steadily.
_. 1373
KEY ROUTE STATIOtf. 8T. AND
TELEGRAPH AVE.
Only $500 ca«h for a two-story, 8-room
house; now rented for $27 50 per month; street
work all done; balance $2400 flat loan; also
choice building lots; terms to suit. RICHARD
J. MONTGOMERY. Key Route Station, 40th
Ft. and Telegraph ave., Central Oakland.
$1300 BUYS a Grove-st. corner; lot 50x90. with
small cottage, well and stable: only 30
minutes to San Francisco via Key route;
monthly fare only $3; trains every 20 minutes;
owner leaving for Europe; property must
be sold immediately. RICHARD J. MONT-
GOMERY, Key route station. Fortieth st.
and Telegraph ave., Central Oakland,
$2600 — New cottage. Just completed; 8 noma
and bath; good basement; large lot, 28x
140 feet; terms to suit purchaser. ---*'•*.¦
GEO. H. VOSE, Real Estate.
972 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR eale— 10 acres of land ln the suburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
lots; electric cars to the property; would ex-
change for Improved property In San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. E. BISHOP. 466 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
FOR »ale — Modern home; lot 48x150; 6 large
rooms; barn, chicken-yards, fruit, flowers
beautiful lawn; 30 minutes to San Francisco*
Key Route; should be seen to appreciate. Inl
quire Owner, 477 Thirty-fourth st, near Tel-
egraph ave. East.
FOR sale— Improved property, paying 8 per
.cent on Investment; on Telegraph ave eppo-
*ite Idora Park. Address box 1398. Call of-
fice. Oakland. <•»
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room modern house; basement
attic, large grounds, stable; nice locality-
easy walk to cars. locals and schools: lease*
furnifhed ln part. $10; unfurnished. $35, In-
cluding house water: references required.
BUTTERS & BUHRING. exclusive agents,
¦ 46S .Eleventh st.. Oakland.; phone Red 6SS2*.
OAKBA^^rjCTBMTTTTaE roa SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.Continued on Pa^e TwHr«k
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Cash quotations were
aa follows: Flour steady: No. -2 spring wheat,
$116: No. , 3, $1 0501 15: • No. 2 - red, $1 11©
1 12H: No/2 corn. 52*i@52*ic; No. 2 yellow,
B4i??54i4c;.No. 2 oats, 31>gc; No. 2 -white, 83©
sa Kc ; ' No. 3 , white. 1 320U3c: \ - 2 . rye. - 73c ;
Cash Grdin and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
Change? In rates w?re few and narrow.
The Korea took out a treasure list of ««13.
327 consisting nf $2,117 In Mexican dollars
and* $2SO In gold coin . for Hongkong. .5'JOO.OUO
tn Mexican dollars and $222,130 In silver
bullion for Hiogo and $2S,CG0 In stiver butllon
for Yokohama.
LOCAL.
Sterling Escehange. sixty days... — $» S4»i
Sterling Exchange. s?l«rht — 4 S7
Sterling nxchange. cables — 1 SM
New York Exchange, night — 02%
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Sliver, per ounce — ¦ 5*',i
Mexican Dollars — 4tt
international:
New York on Mexico 215'J
Berlin on London 20.4.1
Paris on London... 23.22
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Remain as Hat quot
ed, with Eonirt chartering for Darkey, but none
for Wheat. Fcr llarley the combination rate
of 2:is !>d Is obtainable by ships, but the
Wheat rate ot 22* Otl Is not obtainable, owlns
to th.j high price of the grain, and it U
doubtful if 20s could be obtained. The char
tered Wheat Beet in port ban a registered ton
nage of H-.C'OO. a saint -t 51,700 tons on Iheitame
Oatc laat year; disengaged. 8«i,«eo ton?,
against 01.130; on the waj to thl3 port. 210,
320 ton*. affHlnst 2KS.5C0. v .
WHEAT — FoTflgn futures were 1 higher. Ca
bles from tho Argentina sa!d that the- Wheat
there Is failing to grade. .
Chicago advanced liic on ihe day, arid the
market was nervous and unsettled. The co'd
weathtr had a bolllffe effect on Corn, and thU
helped Wheat. Th« w^athit was bad in the
North awl the Northwest bought heavily.:
The Chicago letter of E. F. Hutton & Co.
¦aid:
"The speculative trade is of a eeattered
order and not very largf. It Is »a nervous
market and will likely continue favorable for
scalping operations. With the heavy present
and prospective movement and only a cfo
meetic milting demand to absorb It. stock*
are likely to accumulate and hundicap specu
lative confidence to nome extent.-. It Ivoks to
us as If there would be two sides to toe mar
ket for tho next few weeks, and that wheat
may be bought on breaks and equally safely
sold on the rallies."
In this market futures followed Chicago
up but the cash grain remained, unchanged.
The feeling was firm, however, with no con
cession* obtainable from sellers.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40©l CO; California White
Australian. $1 53©t 62%: Northern Club. $1 41)
©1 60; Northern Bluestem. $1 57%@1 C2% per
ctl. .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 SOU -H 50?, $1-60% $1 80%
: 2 t>. "' m. Session.
. . Open. High. Low. Close.
December . Jl 0054 $1 61% • »1 50% $1 51 14
LOCAL MABKETS.
CHICAGO,. Sept. 20.— Active covering by
shorts as the result of n cold wave In the
Northwest caused a net advance of l%c In the
price of both wheat and corn here to-day.
Reports of general irost last night through
out the Dakotas and Western Minnesota gave
a strong start to the wheat market, there be
ing a lively demand alike from shorts and
commission houses. Thfl December option
opened with a gain of I to l',» to l!i©l%e, at
$1 IZMttl 0H%: May was up "ifivs to Hi&l%c.
at $1 10% to $1 11U- Fat-torn that contributed
considerable strength were the comparatively
mnall receipts in the Northwest and the ex
ceeding low grade of the fresh arrival?. Tho
market was affected also by a bulge. In corn
prices and by the firm tone of foreign grain
markets. On the resulting advance there was
considerable selling by pit tracers, causing a
Ioeo of much of the Initial gain. December de
clining to $1 09#i. Meantime May sold off to
$1 10%. The reaction, however, was- only t«m
porary, with bullish reports coming; from the
Northwest and the market at Minneapolis
showing a big advance, prices here started up
ward again. A smaller 'Increase .'than expected
In the world's visible supply was a factor that
stimulated buying late in the session. The
high point of the day was reached at $1 Cl>%
Tor December. May sold up to $1 ll^igl 12.
The market closed ftrongr. with December at
$1 mm and May at $1 U>i©l 11%.
Predictions that the cold wave In the North
west would swoop down upon the corn fields
of Iowa and Nebraska to-night gave shorts
a fright at the opening -of the corn market.
Traders had not yet entirely recovered from
the bullish statements of the two well-known
crop Experts made yesterday, and ihis fresh
source of anxiety caused ii wild scramble for
offerings. December 'closed with a pain of
l^at 61M&51Hs,c. A dispatch from New York
crediting James Jl Hill with a statement that
the total j-leld of corn will not exceed two
billion bushela gave tho market additional sup
port durinz the latter part of the day.
Oat3 held tirm. December closed Vie higher
at 32%c.
Provisions were stronz and active. - Contin
ued light hog receipts and stronger grain mar
kets were the principal Influences. At the
close January pork was up 57^c, .lard was up
2$sc and ribs were 22^<S;25c hlpher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
Articles — Open. High. Lo W . dose.
September, old.. 1 10>,i 1 10U ' 1 001^ l «m
September, new. I 07 1 07% l ocj; 1 07
December 1 09>,i 1 00% 1 as% 1 culi
May.../ 1 11V4 1 11% 1 10<Js 111%
Corn No. 2 —
September B3t; KP.i 52 , f,2W
December «2% 02% : »©% 51%
May filVi 51 1 ,*' * 50 ' 50
Oat« No. 2—
September 3Hi 31 U - 31 ,ji^
December 32% 32V, S2\i 32%
Mny 34% 35 31fti siy*
Mess Pork, per bbl.— I
October 10. W» 1135 10 0O 11 32U
January 12 87li 13 27% 12 87£ 13 V7Vs
Lard, per 110 lbs. —
October .'. . . 7 12% 7 17 '^ 7 07 \(, 7 17'/,
January ....*... 7 15 7 37% 7 15 .7 37 s /a
Short Ribs, per 1D0 lbs.—
October 7 45 " - 7 67% " 7 40 7 55
January « 72% , « 90 6 72% 6 90
Future Grain and Provisions.
One large local house Is quoting Uc lower
on -calted steers and cows; otherwise HM»
prices remain unchanged, and the market Is
steady, with a fair demand, which is taking
the receipts without difficulty.
Hops continue very firm, with most oi th»
1904 crop already passed out of growers*
hands, as already mentioned.
Wool shows no change worthy of note-.' Th#
market continues firm for choice grades, which
are moving off rapidly, and even the lower
grades are meeting with a vary fair demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, "lOc; medium. 9c; light. S*i«: Cow
Hides. 8*ie for heavy and 8*ie for light;
Stags 6W.c: Salted Kip. T»Hc; Salted V>al, 10c;
Salted Calf, llo; dry Hides. Wfe; dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf, IDe: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2S<$
40c each: short Wool 4()iffi«Tc each; medium.
75«9Cc: Ions Wool. $Tffi SO: Horse Hide?,
salt. $2 75 for large and S 4 iit-2 SO tar medium.
SI UTtf-tl 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Hoc**
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 1 ft SO tar me
dium. $ltil 25 for small and 50c for Cotta.
Buck Skins — Dry Mertrarr. 30c; dry talt(*<l
Mexican, 25c: dry Central Americas. ;;0c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c; extra large do.
$1 25: large. 50c; medium. 33c: small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. t rendered'. 404 Vju per lb;
No-. 2 S'-jc: erad<»d. 2tf.fjKic.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaauin and South
em. SK&iIte: Southern. *S9c: Southern Moun
tain. O-SUe; Mi.M'e Counties, free. r2W14c;
do defective, 10^120; Northern free. 12®Uc;
do defective. IC(ffl2c; Hmnboldt mad Uendo
elao. 14£1 5e per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 23<S2*c per 1*.
;:¦;¦¦¦-;,-. -tf*.:
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain B«g». $5 15O5 25; San Qwn
tin. %i 75; Wool Bass. UO®C2c; Fleec* Twtne,
7'^c: Fruit Bags. <tV s <Qiy i c for white and 7c
for brown Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— Following are prices for
the ISO* pack:
*» 8 « 5~
5 -3 -I £
FRCIT3. » £ ?
•Xt • • ¦
Apple* $1 35'.$r3O!$l 20!$l 10
. Ajrlcots J 1. 125| 1 151 1 05
Blackberries 1 60j 1 33j 1 23 1 15
CnfTrtta, Itoyal Anne... 2 16 t 90] 1 ©j 1 S3
; Do white 2 0OJ 1 63( 1 5rtt.....
Do Black 1 SO I C 1 :* 1 M
Grapes. Muscat I 23 1 io| 1 00 8O
Nectarines I 5of 1 23 1 13 1 «5
Peaches. Vellow 1 75 1 35 1 25 1 13
Pears. Bartlett I 0O 1 «oJ 1 40
Pluma. Green Gage 1 33 1 10' 1 60| 90
Do, Eg* 1 53 1 10 1 COj 30
. Do. Golden Drop I 33 1 10 1 00 3O
Do Damson 1 4«| t 15 1 05! 1 CO
Rasvbtril»» 2 &»[ 2 2» 2 «0J I 0O
: StrawbenVs 2 CT,\ I 73j 1 6Of 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— TomaUtes. 2>,i-l»
staoiiards, W'itfJOc; gallon standard*. $2 1)3?
•2 10; 3-lb soUd pack. S7^S»Oc; Green Peas-
Baby petit* pols. $1 60; pettts pots, $1 35; ex
tri slftetK $1 13; standard alfted, $1; stand
ards S5c: Marrowfats, 82»ie; gallon sifted.
$4 25; gallcn standard, $3 73 f. o. b. Saa t'ran
° COAL— WellinstoB. $9 per ton: New Wel
lington $.H; Seattle. $« 50; Bryant. $8 W>:
Beaver' Hill. *3 5»>: Roslyn. $7; Coc« Bay.
$5 50; Richmond $7 30: Cumberland. $13. in
bulk and $14 25 In sneks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. St4- Welah Anthracite Egg, tVi;
Welsh Lump $11 60; Cannel. ?» per ton; Cok-.
$11 50©13 per ton In bulk and *13 in tacka;
Rocky Mountain desert pttons. $S 50 per short
tO pACIF1C CODFISH — Bundles. per lb.
4Kq- cases, regular. «3 53: cases, extr* Urse,
6«le : Eastern style, ttaio: boneh-ss. «^c;
••Norway " tfj'.c: "Narrow Gauge." fi^ic; "Sil
ver KJng " h t c; blocks. "OTlenta I. 1 '. «Jiic:
blocks "Scabrisht." 7c: tablets. 7i;c: mid
dles 7©9Uc: fancy boneless. 9H*^>*ic: pickled
Cod' bbUV: Pickled Cod. half bbls. « 7*.
COKU\GE — The local company quotes aa fol
lows B0*days or *i per cent discount for cash.
TOMles under 10.M0 lbs: Manila. 14Vic; Sisal.
lOUc; DuoUx. U J /ic; Bale Rope. - 11V»QU%O
Coata Rica— Nominal; 14#13ta<:
Hides. Tallozi', Wool and Hops:
I Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, Seot. 20. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
streets' show the following changes in avail
able supplies, as compared with last week:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increase 301,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increase 1.U00.WO bushels.
Total sjjpaly, Increase, 1,301,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 1.8«Z-\00O.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase :j,33tt,G0O bushels.
The leading decreases reported this week are
482,000 bushels at Omaha, 70,000 bushela at
St. Joseph and 60,000 bushels at Cateau.
Available Grain Supply.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Close: Money on
call, firm; highest 2 per cent, lowest 1% per
cent, ruling rate 2 per cent, last loan 2 per
cent, closing bid l»i per cent. Offered at 2
per cent. Time loans, slightly firmer; sixty
days. 3'j per cent; ninety days, 3?i per cent;
six months, 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4^5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, weak, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at 4.!s025B'4.8630c for de
irand and at 4.8454.S405c for sixty-day bills;
posted rates, 4.85ji4.85>3c: commercial bills,
4.83S4.S4C. Bar silver. jS'Uc. Mexican
lar>, 45?sc. Government bonds, steady; rail
road bonds, weak.
Njno York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20.— An expert crop
etfrnate of 1.900.0w,000 bushels of corn which
I was given to the public yesterday caused a
j momentary Jtimp in the corn market, which
»'as more than loft before the day was over,
while the corresponding decline in Stocks was
partly retrieved. But that estimate was re
inforced to-day by the expressed credence of
President Hill of the Great Northern Railway
and was thus given renewed influence on
stocks. The consequence was a decline in
prices, which affected not only the common
carriers, t>ut the stock carriers, the grangers,
the Pacifies, the coalers, trunk lines, and. In
fact, every department of the railroad list.
The scare over the corn crop probably had a
large share also in the weakness In the indus
trial l:.«t, although there were special causes
al«n at work in that department. The esti
mates of the crop, based on conditions past,
were given added force by the weather reports
snowing dangerously low temperatures In the
Northwest and forecasts of frosts for to-mor
rcw over a wide area In the West and North-
T.-est. The weekly crop bulletin of the Weather
Bureau was somewhat ambiguous and obscure
in its expression, but offered little to cheer
th« apprehensive over either the corn or cot
ton crop. The determined optimism with
which a large speculative element has ac
cepted every suggestion of crop damage for
seme time past was thu« rather severely tried.
The fall in prices which resulted for the first
time from gelling also disclosed the existence
of stop loss orders placed below the market
by holders anxious to limit their losses.
Another source of uneasiness seemed to be
the announced cut in steel billets and other
steel pioducts, which was announced here alter
the stock market closed yesterday, although
thlK action had been clearly foreseen and fore
toIJ" for many days past. In fact, some of
tUe recent strength of the steel stocks has been
b&j>ed on- the advantages expected to follow
this cut in attracting belated orders and fix
ing the stability of the market. Evidence of
Intended competition with United States Steel
la tome finished lines was also an influence on
that group. Amalgamated Copper offered some
temporary resistance to the 'decline, due to
an advance In grades of copper, but ulti
mately yielded. A more effective • resistance
wan offered by Union Pacific, which was 1 '-i-c
over last nlsbt. It was argued that Union
Pacific's com territory was comparatively safe
from frost damage and thl? statement may also
have been intended as a reassurance to wme
current rumor* regarding the health of the
head of the system. It could not be learned
that there was any actual calling of loans
on the Stock Exchange, but the tone of the
money market plainly continues to harden and
the prospect of retrenched credits? was un
doubtedly a factor in the liquidation of stock
holdings. Declines were fairly uniform at be
tween 1 and 2 points, but wide declines in a
few high-grade Investment stock* were a feat
ure. Such closely held stocks 'are easy to bid
tip for effect in a bull market and the aban
donment of protection for the high level Is
likely to be significant of the speculative mood
of those who advanced the price previously
for effect. Missouri Pacific's poor showing
of net earning! for July cost It an extreme
decline of 2^4. Union Pacific was turned
a~alr.st the bear* until they began to cover to
take profits In the final dealings and some
brisk rallies resulted, but the close was fever
ish and unsettled.
Bonds were weak. Total sales, par value,
$1,905,000. . United States bonds were un
cbansred on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
B. F. Hutton. 4: Co., 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotation* of that Exchang*:
Bales. Stock*— (High Low. Bid. Ask.
1 Adams Express 230 240
73.700 Amal Copper •- 6»% 57 H 67 U, 67
Amer Can Co 4^ 4«i
Do pfd 45 45'4
600 Amer Car A F. . 22& 22% 22'4 22%
100 Do pfd 81 80tf SO'* si
300 Amer Cotton Oil. 33% 33 32>£ 33%
Do pfd »0 94 .
....... Amer Dl» Tel t 23 26
Amer Express 205 210
100 Amer Grass T. 5',* 5% 5 ( ;
Amer Hide U t, 41; 5
Do pfd 19>A 21
100 Amer Ice 6% 6% r>i^ «»'
400 Do pfd 26H 20Vi 26V« 26%
Amer Linseed lSifc 14^4
Do pfd 81 85
7,300 Amer Loco 26% 25^ 20 2«i;
200 Do pfd- 87>4 07 97 07H
100!Amer Malt 4^4 4'$ 4 4U
Do pfd 20U 21
10,100 Amer S & Ref <5% &{% «4$£ r.5
700 Do pfd 107 100 I0B lOK'A
7,B00Am<»r 8ugar .. 131% 128& 130 VSO'*
Do pfd I."B ¦ 140
.' Amer Tel & T. 1U8 13ft
100 Amer Tob pfd.. 143 143 142HU5
Amer Woolen 13 141,4
Do pfd ««j «c
«,S00 Anaconda 98 94 fl5'4 K,%
Ann Arhor 2714 32
I IM> pfd eo" t«5
44.200! A T & Santa Fe 81% fiO «0& R0"4
I' .l.ftdO Do pfd 08^1 B.S osi* os»i
. 7.500 Balto & Ohio ... S3 87% KSft ssii
?Afi Do pfd 94 94 93 94
' Bay State Gas., 7-32 «:
, 9.&00IB R T .-J 55«i 53«5 W?4 55
/. /Brooklyn Un Q[.\.. 1220 1224
CURED MEATS — Bactjn. U>i<- per lb for
heavy, lli^c for light merlium. 14c for light.
14*jc for extra licht and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, lu'ic; Bellies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams 13}ic; Mess Beef $10«j1")5«» r»r
bbl; extra Mess. $I1<911 30; Family. $12©1? 50:
prime Mess Pork $14 50: extra clear, #24:
Mesa. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c: Pig Pork,
$TK; Pl«» # Feet. $3; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at «Uc per lb for
compound and 0'ic for pure: hair-barr»H.
pure. 9*ie: UMb tins. 10 c: 5-lb tins. 10%c:
3-lb tins. 10'^c.
COTTOLENE— One half barret. S-»»c; three
pure. 9»ic: 10-lt> tins. TOc: 5-lb tins. lOSjc;
Sc; live tlerees, 7TAc per lb.
- Some chang.es in Pork products be
noted. Hams. Bacon and Larrl are unchanged.
The market continues Inactive.
The Cfilcago market was r<»ported actir*
stronger, receipts of Hogs being small and
the speculatl-.^? buying or a better character.
Provisions.
NEW YORK Sept. 20. — Tin reacted some
what in the London market, where it closed
at JE127 17a 6d for spot and. £128 7s 6d for fu
tures. Locally the market, sympathizing with
the forelen- ¦weakness, -wtw tihio -tower, closing
at $27 73fl2S 00.
Copper was unchanged at £58 5a for both
spot and futures in the English market, but
waa a. little firmer here, with lake quoted at
$12 73{|i:t 00: electrolytic, $12 75@12 8t»;
caMinrf, *12 50@12 (52^-
Lead was unchanged at£ll l«s 3d in London
and at $4 20<fi4 30 in the local market.
Spelter was unchanged on b«th markets, the
London quotation remaining at £22 10s, while
$5 101} 5 20 Is quoted locally.
Iron closed at 5Oa lOd in Middlesboro. Lo
cally Iron was unchanged. No. 1 foundry.
Northern, Is quoted at S13 75®14 25; No. 2
foundry. Northern, at $13 25® 13 75; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry, South
ern soft, at $13 S0@i:i 75. :V,
New York Metal Market.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening '. 7 3H 7 574
Closing 7 4% 7 «%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2:{ 35 24 70
Closing 23 65 25 05
Flour —
Opening 31 35 32 85
Closing ' 31 60 32 85
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, SeDt. 20. — A resumption of the
activity ncted last week in the wool market
Is cne of the features of thia week's trading.
The total sales have reached a high figure,
while all grades have been In request, there
has bpen an especially good movement in
scoured wools, the speculative tendency hav
ing caused them to change hands freely. The
market for pulled wools is firm, with moderate
offerings. There la a- good demand for Terri
tory grades. Foreign wools are steady. Quo
tations follow:
Territory— Idaho — Fine, lS@18»£c; heavy
fine, loitflflc; fine medium, lSillS'ic: medium,
19ig20c: low me Hum, . 21&22C . Wyoming —
Fine, 16©17c; heavy fine, .15iglGo; fine me
dium, IT^iQlSc; medium, 2O&21c; low me
dium, 2262:1c Utah and Nevada. — Fine, 17®
17>^c; heavy fine, 15S10c'; fine medium. 17 V2
@18c; medium, 2C#21c; low medium, 22@23c.
Montana — Fine, choice, 20>g21c; fine average,
10@20c; fine, medium choice, 20@21c; average,
rj£f20c; staDle. TlWZic; medium choice, 22&>
'Ji\c; average, 21#22c;
London Wool Market.
LONDON, Sept. 20. — There was a large at
tendance at the opening of the fifth series of
the wool auction sales to-day. Competition
was snirlted. Fine lambs were in strong de
mand and some sales were made at an ad-
Vance of 5 per cent. Common crossbreda were
occasionally %d dearer. Cape of Good Hope
an<l Natnl sold steadily, fine, long greasy in
sellers' favor and short greasy at a plight de
cline. The offerings numbered 10.S23 bales.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 20. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing. 20<g24c; heavy
fine, 16®17c; tub washed, 34@3tfc.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Sept. 20. — Wheat— For export.
Walla Walla, 78c; bluestem, S:!c; valley. S5c.
For shipment East, Walla Walla, 82c; Blue
stem, 85c. - •
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 20. — Wheat, unchanged.
Bluestem, S2^c; club, 7SVjC.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 20.— Clearings, $S75,445;
balance*. $15»^5O». n *.,.„„.-
TACOMA. Sept. 20.— Clcarinffa, J4.kJ.24i;
balances. $to.l2S.
PORTLAND. Sept. 20. — Clearings, JG65.224;
SPOKANE.' Sept. 20.— Clearings, $527,202;
balances, $82,89«.
"
EASTERN MARKETS.
Se Plus Ultra and lie for Lanjuedoc; Pea
nuts. ftJgTc for Eastern: Pecans, lltjljc; Co
coanuts. $4 5O«J5.
HONEY— Cr.mb. ll^@i:k: for white and l«v»
lie for amber: water white extracted, o'-'z'ip
6K.c; light amber extracted, otf^; dark, ii'gf
4 Vic.
BEESWAX— 2Tffi29c per lb.
The local trade report a quieter market la
fruit?, though quotations continue ateadi'.
Some cutltng In Raisins in New York la re
ported. There is a firmer feeling am! a bftter
demand for largs Prunes in New York en »
2c basis for 40Si while 30@«0» offer at l%o
and KO'ainm at l^c are not waiuci. The un
prcstiion Is growing, however, that there will
be no further decline in this fruit. Indeed,
there cannot very well be. Nuts are firm aa
to Almonds and steady as to Walnuts. sr»l
the latter are not turning, out as well as ex
pected in. the south,, as will be seen by the
crop report In the first column. Honey la
steadily- held, but quiet.
FRUITS — N*w crop — Apricots. T^i^iW'ic for
Royals and 0<fjE12e for Moorparfcs: Nectarines.
5 : V,<a7c: Peaches 6' 2 'nrS^.c per lb: Venn, "t?
12c; Plums, pitted KStJVjC for Mack. NftSUc
for red and 7©S%c for yellow; Fig*. H-crown
bricks, 5-'«c: S-crown. 55c: 4-crown. C">c; fl
crown. 73c; bulk white. 3 l ± / a::':.e: bin- k. 4c.
Kvaporated Apple?. S'^ttic per lb
PRUNES — lV,ttt»lc per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS — 10C4 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial cluster*. |2 2302 50; Dehesa. $1 «51|2;
London Layers. 8*>cfr?l: Lon<»n Muscatels. ¦*•
crown. avifi4c; -"J-crown CftU%c; --crown.
Z%62%e; Seedless. t%OZ%e; Floated. "!?c:
Thcmpson's Seedless. 4'ic: Seedless Sultanas.
3@3'4c. 10<K! crop — r.i --uie Muscatels. S'-ii'-jc;
Seedless l%c: Floated. 2c: Pacifies l%fe'JV.c:
Seeded SHS-Hic: Malagas. l*i«2»ic per lb.
NUTS— Walmits Xo. t softshell. l:l>-i«jir4c:
No. I, ll l if/ll'c; No. 1 harrfshell. l.i4H^'' 3 o;
No. 2, UfJlHie: Almonds. lBfitTc for n.»w
Nonparials Ufili^c for I X L. lr.ftltc ft
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Swcks and Cotton.
" Lf Now York wlrrjs of E. F. Hutton & Co.
>..itciday said:
:-'; <_'t_'JCS — J. J. Hill's estimate of the com
• roii. in which h* jire^Scted several hun
dred BifiUoa bushels less than estimates
i:.ade by the Government and others,
£&a a decided .::'.:¦:.— in Wall btreot
i"-dy, and much stress was laid on
•-..¦ «at*-n;ent, T>ecause his figures on tb>?
t untfXtf wheat crup nave tx^en siore or less
Utraa out by rec«-nt tv«nt». This /actor in the
oij's LiHrruticas in stocks, coupled ¦with early
r-i-orts of the weather in the Far Northwest,
ubcre eKoeedinsljr low t«-mpera.tares were re
i.i'jed, caused a heavy Felling movement here.
-is \vt- have stated in l-revlous advices, the
ir.^:k^t, cenerally speaking, has enjoyed a
t-fcorj. 2avitnce and a reactionary tendency
v at net ur.i:kcly at any time. Conditions in
lLs;a>!.s are sounU and are going to be better,
': at cur stock n-arket lor the moment haa
discounted many favorable events. We look
• • tee rricc* rule hipiier. There is no reason
Vi expect «in>" disturbance la money for some
line Ui come and unlesa killing frosts over
take the tx>ra cr<'p within the next two weeks
the s«n.:aJ siarkcl could oasily be etarted on
n:i upward movtment. But the uncertainty
recardixn the c>rn cn>p and the rather un
:^\^j2abl<> tfndnncy of tn^ cotton crop both
• -jutiibute to wcaknrM. Until there are in
.lit-Ktlon* of bottrr huying we are Inclined to
-i'"*. for some :urther reactions.
It seems vtry certain that lrom the cessa
tion ..t fiH-raUcns ytft^rday by the pools the
J .iT.k* have causioned them to so slowly.
COTTOX-^-Tbere was a continuation of the
t iverins m<j\-eni^nt to-day among the big
*:.<>r!*. Tliere is no doubt that the leading
»« xr f'If-r!-...nt lui^r-alculati-d the effect which
the heavy receipts of new cotton was ex
p^etcd to bave in dr-iire^ing prices and also
the «>>.!<-nt of thp »let*>ricration which has
i..fcrn place in the condition of the new crop
* !:><<» the tiubiication of the last Government
r-i-.rt, for instead of the verification of pre
dictloaa ir-aie up to as late as ten days ago
• ... i' 1 -.. < ~nti? anj !<>wcr for all the fall and
v inf-r months, we have seen the market ad
<ii.Dc .'.!• jH.int* ¦within the past ten days, with
tli» wliqie list advancing to-day more than
l"i points -to th? haris of 10.5s p*-r pound for
tlu -:i!l an.1 nintfr mouths and 10% for
March and-Uiiy jt,r,d the current spot month.
It i;; .-Ifarlx «|ijiarer.t from the action of the
isiarket tr^dj.y that something is wrongr •ome
«!:tc. X*-i<»r before ha.ve the bears been so
miK-h ur>i*et in their calculations. Our opln
i-n is that the. etrrngth and actMty of the
market to-day simply reflect the realization
and ay:>txciation of tn- fact that all the cot
ton new comicg In frrrni the Interior anJ
v.!n.h »il! i.rri»c the balance of this month
«as sold ah"a<l a fortnight aco for ship- 1
::¦• ;.'.. A •nudy of to-day's weekly crop bul-
I'-Un reveali what we reieard as a precarious
EltcatloO, ar.J »e are more than ever con*
\iT'...'.1 that it will compel the abandonment
f.f all excessive crop i i-as. Complarnts of
rotton shf-d'lins are »>tiU received from th» •
ruflerti *¦<-> •; or.* anJ t£* northern portion of
the ¦rertem naUlon of th«- belt, but reports
<f rn.«t are not po general except In North
•laroUlui. The narrt* i» on^r.lng rather Flow
ii. h!1 dlstricti in *ome localities. Picking is
C»n«^-a!. a!thr.t:?t! dflayed by rain in portion*
of Texas, frum »hirh Ptate. as well as from
Qecrrla. uakteUf of pickers is reported. Dry
ii rmnttrtf ir.jurj" to late crjtton gen
• in,'.'- in the o^ntra! and *-ast<"m portions an-1
« lijrhl nr no top emp is Indicated In Central
J.T-.J IVestem dirtricts. white worms and cater
rrillsra arc cauFir.g injury in Oklahorri.
I>i^!5iztja and 8-uth <"aro!ina. In Texas the
». >|j «»«vll OOBtlsan damaging.-
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly rfpf>rt of A. G. McAdi<>. section
rtlrector of Hiinat* and crop service of the
V .'-;ithtr T'-Jr^au. i^ ar follows:
GKNERAL SUMMARY.
The ten ;>°r.;ture waji considerably lower than
Aurint the iirecc-dlng v.<vk and the weathpr
Ecxierally clear, but with oocsi5ional fogs in
'iv coaFt Fectioni. Sev<»re thundT^torma and
I rains occurred oti the 12th and 13th
a th' mountain district* of Riverside and
Hi.n 15.:r.ar:ino counties, damagring mln^s an<l
j^ilroads ar.d filing mountain streams.
'"onditions wefe very favorable for ripening
ptarx»*!, fruit drying and raisin rnakimr. The
first <-rop of CTBpe!" in some section* In nearly
r'! iSLther»-d and the second crop is ripening
taj'ld!}'. Irnmens» quantities of raisins are
• n :he tray? and curing satiffactorily. Win-
r ~)en are in full operation and large shipments
"f table grapes are hping made. Prune pick
ir.s is prav}irally rcimjAetttl and drying is
In proprfKi'.. The yield and quality In many
Fla^e* «re much better than * xpect*d. Apples
!"i San IVnlio and other oountiw have been
t+lr.vs'y d»mas»'i by codlln moth and the
• rop •will he light. Winter pears give rrcmiie
• '. a larjre crop. Otrus frnit* at OrovlUe and
Porterrille ir» In excellent condition and sre
- \. '. z fair prosrre*s In Southern California.
Tbt correspondent «.t Anaheim has made a
enrrful study of the walnut crop as a whole,
and states that It wUl not h« larger than
that of two years mgo. the ahortag* and small
*iz» cf the Tsuts being <ue to scarcity of rain
1»'I and ovrrloadinr of the treee.
Hop picking tr nearly completed and baling
Ik progressing; tte crop It rery rood. Beaafl
are >itldirig m. large crop la Lake County and
:alr in the south; Susar beet harvest con
tinues.
PACRAifEXTO VALLEY.— The weather was
cooler than during the preceding week and
conditions were favorable for fruit drying and
maturing tn* rrap« crop. v Grape picking is
prcRTrtFiiyr rapidly «r.d in tome sectlona the
firet crop has been nearly all gathered. Bhlp
rr.'-nU «r« being made to markets and wineries
and email quantities are being dried for
raisins. The yield of grapes l» heavy In all
F>^-tlon« and the quality excellent. Prunes in
Trharoa Oounty ore turning out better than
expected In yield and quality. Picking and
drying Is etill in progrms. Almond harvest
l« nearly completW!. There Is a fair crop
of rood quality. Citrus fruits are in excellent
oondltifin and prospect* are good for a large
rrop. Hop picking and baling continue. Fires
In Olenn and Shasta counties last week caused
considerable damage.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Generally
cool weather prevailed during the werk, with
liravy fog» In portions of the coast districts.
The forest fires last we#k caused less damage
than reported. Prunes, are nearly all gathered
«nd drying Ik progressing; the yield in San
Benlto ond Sonoma counties is larger than
oxpectM and the quality good. Winter pears
«re yielding a better crcp than estimated In
ftome sf^ction*. Apple* have be»n badly dam
eyed by codlln moth and a light crop Is prob
able. Grape picking: continues and heavy ship
rent* are iroicg forward to market and win
< •¦••: : the crop i* larcre acd the fruit of ex
wllrnt <juaJ!ty. Citrus fruits at Cloverdale are
In good condition. Hop har\ - es^ in Sonoma
• 'eurity I? eoOftCted end baling Is. protresalng;
the yield is heavy and quality excellent. Beans
nr*. -nearly all gathered; the rrop U la«e in
].;)(. County nnd fair in the south.
FAN' JOAOUIN V'AIXKY.— Clear and « - a
•n.iiable urtthw prfi-cJlcd during the we«k.
¦wliich «ac vtry tavorabSe fcr maturing and
String fruit. Rap'.d progress has been made
Ir harvesting the raisin crop and the firtt
picked have already b«:cn turned on the trays,.
A continuation o* the warm, clear weather
during the present week would brine a -large
portion of the crop to the turr.ing point. Large
shipments of grip** are fjeinir made to the
wineries. Prun* picking and drying are
PntrrcKRlner" rai>idly. Kept of th«» canneries
Imi LpiilHMli after a lors parJr of fine fruit,
rooster pnachft;." Ijarze shipments cf hay end |
'I'tatocR continue from Stockton- and vicinity, j
Farrwr» are- busy fUifiiner fnllowlns and a j
Tarse whe*t ocreage is expected nest year, j
Stock are reported healthy. J
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Clear, warm
days and cloud;.' rlslits prevailed most of the
week. St-vere thunderstorms and heavy cloud
bursts occurred tn th» mountain districts of
.San HemarJino and Riverside counties on the
12lh and 13th. causing much damage to rail
roads and mines. Mountain streams w*re"
rarninj a3 full as during the heavy winter
rains. In the fruit districts conditions were
favorable and raisin making progressed rap
idly. The grape crop is large and of excel
lent quality. Fall apples in the foothill dis
tricts are yielding a good crop and winter
ftjPPtea are ripening. Citrus fruits are In fair
condition. J. B.. Neff. crop correspondent
at Anaheim, says: "The walnut crop will
not b» larger than It was two years ago.
Thore has been considerable dropping of dam
aged nuts in the last two weeks, and in some
localities the walnuts are small because of
want of water and overloaded trees. This
aj.rlles to the entire walnut area."
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cooler weath
er; demand for water notably diminished.
Mountain ftormj continue. Oranges show
signs of early ripening In some localities.
Ranchers expect wet winter and are prepar
ing to put in big crops. Pear drying in
prcgrers.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Cool and foggy
alorg the coast, but hot and dry in the In
terior, where rain Is much needed. Farmers
harvesting barley and picking apples.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Are In light de
mand, but Offerings are not pressing and
prices are well maintained. Common, 4@5c;
prime, 5%@5%c; choice, 5%<3£c; fancy, 6%
@7c.
PRUNES — Are in a little better demand for
the larger sizes, but show- little change so
far as the general market is concerned. Spot
quotations range from 2c to 5%c, according
to grade.
APRICOTS — Were offered very\ sparingly,
but demand is not insistent, for the demanl
and prices remain unchanged. • Choice, 9%@
10c: extra choice. 10©10%c; fancy, 115/13c.
PEACHES — Are scarce and firm; choice,
8%SS%c; extra choice. 8%@9c; fancy, »%
(glOc.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed unchanged. Sales, 21,570 bags. In
cluding October at 6.70c; December. 6.85®
6.90c; January, 7.00c: March. 7.15@7 20c;
May. 7.o5(&7.40c: July, 7.50c; spot Rio, steady;
No. 7 Invoice 8%c; mild, quiet.
SUGAR — Raw, step-dy; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar,
3%c: refined, steady.
BUTTER — Firm; street price, extra cream
ery, 19%@19%c. Official price, State dairy,
common to extra, 13@lS%c.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
PETROLEUM— Steady
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.S00; exports, 6800; sales, 4200 packages.
Market unsettled and shade lower In some in
stances. Winter straights. $5 1O05 35.
WHEAT— Receipts, 3500; sales; 3,800.000
bushels futures; spot, firm; No. 2 red, $1 14%
f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dnluth. 91 23%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat.' Options were generally strong
all day except for a reaction toward noon, on
sales for profits. Foreign buying, a bad frost
scare, higher cables and heavy covering of shorts*
comprised the chief bull influence, and the
market cloned 1%@1%c net higher. May,
U ll!i@l 13%, closed s%\ 12;i; September,
SI 14«jl 14%, closed $1 14; December, |1 12%
@1 13 1I-KJ, closed $1 13%,
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Seot. 20. — Cotton futures
opened firm; September, 10.68c; October.
I0.4»c; November, 10.47c; December, 10.53c;
January, 10.55c; February, 10.55c; March,
l(».5Uc; May, lO.Ctfc; June, 10.67c; July,
10.70c.
Spot, steady, 20 points advance; middling
nplands, 11.10c; middling gulf, 11.35c; sales,
402 bales.
Futures closed very steady. September.
10.75c; October, 10.60c; November, 10.ti2c;
December. 10.65c; January, lO.6Cc; February,
10.70c; March, 10.74c; April, 10. 76c; May,
10.78c. „/:
Nczv York Cotton Market.
BLACKBERRIES— $ltf3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4«gS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES per lb.
APPLES— $1#1 25 per box for fancy. TO^
9t»c for choice and 30fl?5Oe for common.
PEARS — Bartletts. 51i©1 35 per box; Win
ter Nellis. s5c«*l: other winter vartetiea. 35®
73c.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 5C-5OOc; op«» boxes.
50c«?l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 30@S3c per hex or
crate.
POMEGRANATES^ — 50@60c for small and *l
01 25 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 23$:nc per box.
FIGS — l0@75c per box.
MELON3— Cantaloupes, 75cfi$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25«j«Jc per bo»; Wattrmeloris.
Sl"o.: per dozen.
GRAPES — Small boxes and erates:
SOiQyOc: Tokay, 4O@75c; Muscat. 40©»Wt; Isa
bella. 5Cg73c; Black. 23S»i0c. Larjre open
boxes — Black 63@00c; Tokay 73cg$l 23; Mus
cat. 50cft$l; Win* Grapes. I1CJI21 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. #2 5Ctfr3 5O per
box for Valencias; L*mons. Kl 7>0tjt:\ for
fancy, $1 7303 25 for choice an* $1 25(91 30
for Standard; '".rap* Fruit, nominal; JJexh-un
Limes. .*r>'<t5 SO per case: Bananas. <1 -JT-ii'
per bunch for Central American and 73c9
$i 23 for Uawailan; Pineapples. $Sg* 50 p«r
dozen.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the ?l5O.0it0,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $148,635,O4S; gold,
$t'0 1 05l > ,720.
Condition of the Treasury.
OMAHA, Sept. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000. Steady: native steers, $4<gtJ; cows and
heifers. $2 50@3 75; Western steers, $3@4 50:
Texas steers, $2 75@3 00; range cows anil
heifers, $2 25@3 20; canners, $1 75®2 15;
stockers and feeders, ?2 50(33 90; calves, $3®
5 50: balls and stags, .$1 95@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 5S00. Market 5c lower;
heavy. $5 6S©5 75; mixed. $5 75®5 85; light.
$.". S."i(S5 92%; pigs. $4 75@5 50; bulk of sales,
$5 75<g5 85. • '
SHEEP — Receipts. 20,500. Best, steady;
others, 10c lower; Western yearling*, $3 65'ii'l;
wethers, $3 3O®3 75; ewes, $3@3 50; common
and stockers, *2 50@3 75; Iambs, 50@5 25.
Miscellaneous Market.
Omaha.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000. Market Sfe'lOc
lower; muttons, $3 25@3 90; lambs, $4@5 30;
range wethers. $3 25@3 SO; ewes, $2 75@3 35;
Utah ewes. 130 pounds. $3 30.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 18,000. Steady to 10c lower; native
steers $3 75@6 25; native cows and heifers;
$1 50®' 4 75: stoekers and feeders, 52 25®^:
bulls, $1 75@3 25; calves, $2 50@5 50; West
era steers, $3@4 25; Western cows, $1 50
@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000. Five cents higher;
bulk of sales. $5 80@5 90; heavy, $5 80^5 85;
packers. $5 80@5 05; piga and light. $5 7O®5 95.
Kansas City.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12.000. Strong;
mixed an'I butchers, $5 ur»<?t'> 30; good to
choice heavy, $5 85<&6 25; rough heavy, $5 40
(iT> ">; light, $5 wsxti 30; bulk of sales,
$5 75®6. /
SHEEP — Receipts, 25,000. slow; lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 8004 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 35@3 75; native lambs,
$4@6; Western sheep, $3@4; Western lambs,
$4@5 40. -¦ • .:-.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
ll.OiK). Slow to steady: good to prime steers,
$5 <i«Wj« 15; poor to medium, $3 50® 5 25;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@3 S5; cowb, $1 50
@4 50; heifers. $2@4 85; "canners. $1 50®2 25;
lulls. $2(ft4 15; calves, $3©(i 25; Texas fed
steeru. >4@5; Western steers, $3@4.-
I CATTLE, SHEET AXD HOGS, f
SUMMARY OF TUli MARKETS.
IV v.U sired slocks loiccr en: the day. Cation higher.
Local slocks and bonds in very light demand.
Shipment of S6i.^.:.J7 in treasure to the Orient.
Slight changes in SUi'erjaiid Exchange. rates.
Uncertain conditions in Corn and Celt on keep traders guessing.
Wheat oiid Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted.
Fair denuntd for Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and Feedsiuffs in good supply and unchanged'
Nci: Bean crop coming forward slozi'ly.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables shozv little change.
Poultry and Game in active demand and firm.
Fresh Fruits selling well at steady prices.
Dried Fruits quieter, but steady. Large Prunes firmer.
IValnut crop less promising in the south.
Provisions looking better at Chicago, but dull here.
Butter and Egg markets well cleaned up and firm.
Wool in brisk demand. Hops firm. S cited Hides easier.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in good supply.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market firm. Cream
eries, 14@19c: dairies. 12%@l(Jc. Eggs firm at
mark cases included, 14@17%c. Cheese flrtn
at 8%@yc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
100' Brunswick D & I 6% 6»4 6V*\ ~
iButterick Co 4H 40ii
iCanada So C&y 3 \ ta -
."!.7Oo;Canadian Pao .. 127'V. t2B5J 127% 112 H$
7.100|C & O 42*5 41%. 42><,| 42»i
SCO.C & A 40% oO>i :50^il 40%
Do pfd 81 85
|C & E I pfd 12.*$ 140 <
C I & L pfd SO 85'
3.000JC & G W ioy 4 15% 15% 16
C & G W pfd A 52 55<&
Do B 24 26
Do <l<?bs 82U 8«j
SOttC & N W IHH% IS4 1S4-V»|185
25.200JC M & St P 157 155% 15li% 15(i%
I Do pfJ 184 184
2C.3OOJC R I & P new 27 : 'i 2U«,i! -$\ '2H%
2.C00I Do pfj 70«> B9M (i»Vi 69%
i Do 4s , 75 75>4
I.<i00;chloago Term... »i% 6% tt'.i 6 ;> 4
1.3C0 Do pfd 15 % 15" 15'zi 10
2,M00 1 Chicago Un T.. S% 7% 714 S:
I Do pfd 3<i " 37
3WC C C & St L.. 79>i 7!)>/« 78tt 7!>'i
Do pM ". 10f> " 110
Cleveland L & W CO
Do pfd 70
3.700 Colo Fuel Si I. 34»i :»'2>4 S.tV< 34
5('O!Colun» II C & I. 13% 12'-. 12% 12%
4.5(tO|Colo So mil 18Vi lSVi 18%
l,00(M Do 1st pfd .. 51 >i 50% r»OV4 50%
4,400) Do 2d pfd .. 28 2« 27 27«/i
2.5tK),Consol Gas 20:{ 2l)2 202% 202%
2.nw;l Do p.'d 123 v, 122% 122 «.* 122%
400 Corn Products... 14»i 14 14V* 14U,
2(X>| Do pfd 70Vi 70 70 70»4
1.70njDcl & Hudson.. 186% 163%!165tf l««g
4G(r:D L & W 2S0U 27Sil|2S0 2S2
.NOOiD & R G 2SVi 27M, 27 27%
4U0 Do pfd SlVi 80% 81 Sl'.i
Dea M & Ft D 24«4 25
Detroit Un Ry m% «7
70(>f Detroit So 3% :',% 4V> 4%
300 Do pfd 6% 6»/a 7Vi "?{
...:...!Diamond Match l.'W) |135
000 Distil Secur 2S% 27% 2S' | '.'S'i
Do bonds 73 HI 7.J%
Duluth S S & A 7% 8
Do pfd 12i? 13
49.5(M);Erie 30% 29% 30% 3U'4
2.8001 Do 1st pfd .. 66% U5-J4 »!6' COH
2.30UJ Do 2d pfd .. 45 44 44% 4-t'i
IE T &. H 5S «0
I Do pfd 80 SO
IMMFt W & D C. 44 44 42 +1
Gen Chemical 4S 55
100! Do pfd 94 04 94 9tt
SOOjGen Electric ... 170 109>i lt!9% 170
iGieat Nor pfd 170 183
(Green Con Cop 15% 15%
I Havana Tob Co. 20 2S
I Do pfd 39 41
lOOiHocking Valley. 78 78 7S 7914
2Cu! Do pfd 87 87 87 88 '
1,000 Illinois Central.. 133 137'4 138 • VJHhi
Inter Paper 15 17
100) Do pfd 75 75 74 75
lOO.Inter Power ... 41 41 40V- 41^4
lOO.Inter Pump ;jo% 30% 30% 32
¦ " L °° P fd 70 77&
200 Iowa Central ... 23% 23 22% 22 : »i
•• Do pfd 42& 44
lOOlKanawha & M. 33 U 33% 33 34
BOOjK C F S & M pfd 77^1 77 76% 77U
; Kansas City So 23 (4 24M,
4.3C0 Do pfd 48 45»4 45% 48
100 Keokuk & D M. 15% 15% 13 1«
Laclede Gas pfd SO 100
Lake Erie & W :mi 35
Do pfd 87% 100
• 00;Long Island ... 50 58% 57% 59
6.5WJL & N 123 12uft 121 % 121 %
200 Manhattan 153 153 132% 153
Manhattan B 10 13
4.500 Met Securities... 8O% 7&*» M> 80%
7,6D0|Met St Ry 121% 120% 121% 121%
6,100 Mex Central ... 13H 13 13% 13V*
Minn & St L 56' 58
Do 1st pfd 95 9S
MStP&SSM 72% 73%
100 Do pfd 130 130 129% 130%
6,100 Mo Kan & Tex.. 24% 23% 24 2IU
2.600) Do pfd 47% 4« 46% 4«%
27,600[MIssouri Pac ... 97% 95% OS'i 96
|Nash C & St L 120 122
1,000 National Lead.. 23% 23% 24 24%
Do pfd 05% 0(5%
Nat R R of Mex 18 lg%
300 Do pfd 30% 38% 38% 39%
lOONational Biscuit 47% 47% 47% 47%
I Do pfd 109 " 109>i
200JN J Central 178 178 177 17S
N Y Air Brake 235 24<>'
3,600 N T Central 120% 125 125% 125%
N Y C & St. t. 30 32
Do 1st pfd 105
100 Do 2d pfd ¦ ... 65 65 63 67
|N Y Dock 10 18
N Y N H & Hart 190 20<>%
2.S00N Y Ont £ W.. 32Ti 32% 32% 32%
7,900 Norfolk & Vfcest. 6S% 67 B7% 08
Do pfd 00 01
North American 91 92%
Northern Secur 102% 103 ii
Omaha 102% 102-i
Do pfd 185
|O S L. 4g , o»Hi| 9i7%
[Pacific Coast C4 | C6
I Do m pfd !>5 10.1
' I Do 2d pfd 1 74% 75%
400!Paciflc Mail ... 31% 31 U, 32 33
ll,lfK);Penn R R Co 130% 129% 120% 12.1%
000 People's Gas ..102 100% 101% 102
Pere Marquette 75 80
P-C C & St L ; 69 72
I Do pfd 103 1O«;
fiCO| Pressed S Car... 32% 32 32 33
100! Do pfd 78% 78% 78 80
lOO.Pullman Car Co. 216% 216% 214 218
TOO Ry Steel S Co. . 23% 23% 22% 2X%
Do pfd 78% 80
66.700 Reading 66 04% 65% 66
«»OO Do 1st pfd ... RT.% 83% 84% 85%
100 Do 1st pfd .. 75% 75% 75 77
l.r.Oo;Republlc S & I. 8% 8% 8% 8%
1.000 Do pfd 43% 42% 42% 4.t
IRubber Goods in 19%
I Do pfd 1 81 82'
lOOlSloss S S & I Co 39%l 39% 39 41
1001 Do pfd 90 I 00 " 88 00
!St J & G I 1 15. 17
I Do l?t pf<l ...j 4(1 4S
I Do 2-1 pfd ..! 24% 20
St T&=;F 1st rfd 72 74"i
MK)| Do 2d pfd .. SO 5#% 58% 59
l.OOOlSt L & SW .. 20% 20% 21 22
2.0001 Do pfd 44% 43>/. 43% 44
47,r»OQ Southern Pacific. r>5% 54%" 54% 55*:
22,. '.001 Southern Ry .. 32Vi 31% I S^i 32%
300! Do pfd f 95% 95 195 195%
[Standard Oil ..I !C44 !64."i
Istan Rope & Tj 1T^ 1T^1 1% 2
C.OO&iTenn Coal & Iron 47 "A 45% I 46 4(5%
Tex P L T Co ..I....'. .....I 30 35
5.7nO|Texas Pacific . .1 31 %| 30'i 30% r.O 3 '
2,000iThird Ave |125' 1124% 125 12fl'*
'Tol Ry & T Co.!. ...1 20% 2Ii«
flOO-Tol St L & W..I 32%|31 I 31% 81 S
l.lio: Do pfd 62% 50%! r.0<4 51
900|Twin City R T.l 97% 97%l 9<j% 97%
]Unlon Bag & P.| 7 s
100 Do pfd K4 64 «.'[% 64
7.9S0iUnlon Pacific ..(00 106% 9S% 9S%
I Do pfd m%! m\<,
1.03&1U P Conv 4s I tKWftllC! "
lUnited Copper 1 j 6 8
United R of S Fj I | 13 1414
100! Do pfd I 56% I 56% 50% r.-ij
!U R of S F 4b .! "I . S4%! 85*
20CIU S Cast I P 10m 10 K» il
1001 Do pfd 50 V2 1 56% . r .5'i| 57
|U S Express j "1116 1120
23. 1 00! U S Leather <J%\ U%\ ov. 9%
1,3001 Do pfd 87 I R6 86% R7
|U S R Cons 27 " 28
I Do pfd 52V.I IW
SOOiU S Rubber .. 19T4 19% 1I)%| 20
400! Do pfd 741/. 73 74 I 74%
«4.100U S Steel Cor.. 17>',l - 16 1C%| 16%
140,700 Da pfd I 67%! ?!.*.% («;!',! (;*i»i
1,600 Va-Cirfi Co ..( 35 | 34 | 34% | 34%
<;oo Do pfd Iios%un8 1107% los
1,000 Waba*h j 21 20% 20U.J 2n%
2,500! Do pfd 41% 40 40% 41
Wab deb B*s ..I (W% 04%
I Wells- Farsro Ex. | 23. r i 245
2001 Western Union .90 90 90 91
P.OO)W*e<stinghouse .. 162 162 161 1C2
I Do 2d pfd .. 182 200
COOW & L E ... 17% '16% 10- 16>/.
200 Do 1st pfd .. 44% 41 43% 44%
Do 2d pfd 24 25V
600 Wis Central ... 19% 19 1S% 1!>%
Do pfd 43Vi 43%
[Southern Pac pfd 113% ll:j%
1,033,400 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. r*g...lO4%i I, & N unlflrd 4«.lC0%
Do coupon .1O4T4I Man con gold 4s. 107
Do 3s, reg 10C%| Mexican Cen 4s.. l!5%
Do coupon 105U Do 1st Inc : 1 5M,
Do new 4*. reg.131% MIn *t St L 4s.. 95%
lyo coupon 131% M. K & T 4s 100%
Do old 4s. reg. .106% Do 2ds SO
Do coupon..... 107% Ntl R Mex con 4s 77%
Atchlson gen 4s. 103% N Y Cen gen 3%s.lOOVi
Do a<JJ 4n 05% N J Cen Ren r.s,.i:r.%
Atlantic C L 4«.. »8 Northern Pac 4*.. 104%
Bait & Ohio 4J..1O3U Do 3s 74
Do 3%* »5% IN A W con 4a.. 101 t;
Central of Oa 5s.Jti%lOPL 4s and nartlc. !H!%
Do let Inc *8 I Penn conv 3%s... U0'^
Che« St Ohlo4%8.105%| Reading gen 4s.. 100%
Ohl ft Alton 3%s. 79 : «iStL & IM con . r .s..l17%
C.B&Q new 4s.. Ofl^lStL. St SF fg 4s.. 85%
C.MAStP retl 4».100 St I> S W 1st*.. 9S
C & N "W 7«..128% Seaboard A L 4s. 82
C.RIAP R R 4s.. 75% Southern Pac 4s.. 03%
Do ool Bs S6 (Southern Ry 5s.. 117
TCCAStL gen 4m. 101%! Tex & Pae 1j>ta..lin»;
Chlcaro Term 4s. 71? 2 T. St L A W 4s. P0%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 72%1 Union Paeific 4s.. 104%
Colo South 4s S6 Do ronv 4* 103%
Colo V A I r. B ..\. 75 US Steel 2d 5s.. m"\
Den A Rio G 4»..100% Wabash Ul*. .. . . .117%
Erie prior Hen 4s. JW Do deb B R4
Do gen 4* R7% Wheel ft L K 4s.. *!>%
Ft W ft T) C l«ts.in« Wisconsin Cen 4s. 9O'»
Hocklne Val 4UsJ0S% . . .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief OS
Alice 40! Ontario 3 P0
Breeee 14 Or>hlr vfl"T:"r;v:..2 15
Brunswick Con.... 12!Phc#nlx 13
Oomstock Tunnel .. lOIPotosi OS
Con Cal & Va 1 OSiPavage ;..;..W.... !M
Horn Silver 1 W)| Sierra Nevada 27
Iron Silver 1 .".Of fima.1! Hopes 23
Leadvllle Con.:... COlPtandard .1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — (US Pteel. 16%
Call loans. . . . .2%C31al Do pfd. ... . . . . .. ««
good f?edinc barley. 37@58f: fair to choice
malting. 41$:50c; No. 1 f'.axaeed, $1 ltiH; No.
1 Northwestern. #1 25; mesa pork, per bbl.,
$11 37t.@ll SO; lard, per ICO lbs.. $7 10@7 15;
short ribs sides <loope>. $7 50@7 73; short clear
sides (boxed). $S 25@S 5C; whisky, basis \ of
hrjh wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade,
$li 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,900 21,000
Wheat, bushels 1)5.000 94,200
Corn, bushels 541.200 738,200
Oata, bushels 35ft,:«0O 101,200
Rye. bushels 13.400 2,:J0o
Barley, bushels 190,70* 17,000
Titr.e loans 4{J5j West'house Com.. SI
Bonds— 1 Mining-—
Atchlson aclj 4s.. 05 | AJ venture 2?i
Do 4j IOIUI Ailoucz 11%
Mexican Cen 4s.. Ul%! Amalgamated 57%
Railroads — I American Zinc UTi
- Atchlson v s "Si: Atlantic 12%
Do pfd OS 1 iBingham 26%
Boston & Albany. 24S I Calumet &; Hecla.515
Boston & Maine., lltt&i Centennial 'M _
Boston Elevated.. 153 I Copper Range 50%
Mfexicari' Central. 12%IDaly West ... 13%
N Y, N H & H..1JH I Dominion Coal 38V*
Pere Marquette.. 74 ! Franklin ....- 8H
Union Pacific 0S% Grancy 2%
Miscellaneous — Isle Royale 17%
Am Arge Chem.. 15 Mass Mining 4%
Pa pfd SI I Michigan 6V4
Am'Pneu Tube... 5 Mohawk 45
Ame r Sugar..... 13014I Mont Coal & Coke 5
'Do pfd.. 132 I Old Dominion 14
Aiaer Tel & Tel. 139V1 1 Parrot 24
Amer Woolen 13% Qulncy ......;.... 92%
Do pfd. 82% Shannon 3%
Dominion I & 3.. II Tamarack 11 Vi
Ed Elee Ilium... 23% Trinity H%
General Electric. .lflS "A U R Mining 10%
Mass- Electric... l.'W U S Oil..... 11
Do pfd : (W lUtah 33%
Muse Gas 42 U I Victoria 4
United Fruit Ifl5% I Winona 0
Un Shoe Mach . . . r.'J Wolverine 87
Do pfd "0 : H 1
BARLKJ— Futures were fractionally higher,
and the cash grain ruled firm, especially for
I choice bright Feed, which continues In light
j supply. -vThere Is no further change la quo-
I tatiuns. however.
: CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 05^1 10: new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12«£@1 17'-- Chevalier, $1 17Vi®l 30
per ctl.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. on.
Open. High. Low. .Close-
December ..$1 10 $1 10% $1 OUVa $1 W»
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 10%.
OATS— Receipts continue large, but a steady
demand keeps stocks from accumulating ana
the market is steady. The demand for seed
I* gofcd.
White. $1 37%@1 47%: Surprise. $1 50<??l 60;
Red. $1 22&fel 42% for feed and. >U'fe»
1 47% for seed; Black. $1 3U®1 33 for feed and
I $1 50(Bl €5 for seed.
CORN — The market continues slow and un
changed, w^th the local buyers purchasing
1 only to nil daily needs. Receipts are small
1 and stocks are not large.
The Government report says: "Corn is ma
turing rapidly in the Western portion, but
is ripening slowly in the. Eastern and central
sections and needs ten to twenty days of fa
.vorable conditions."
The Chicago Inter Ocean cays: "Th» trade
did not think much of the Inglis and Janes
estimate of the corn crop. Jones' estimate is
4:55,000,000 bushela less and Inglis' 335; •
I OCO.OOo bushels less than the Government ;
i report indicated September 1. Snow, after a
I personal examination of the crop last wrek,
. estimates the yield at 2,275,000.000 buihels.
There has been a frost sines, but the damage ;
done so far as known was not enousrh to ma- j
terlally reduce his estimate. The Government
report September 1 suggested a yield of 2.333,
000.000 bushels."
Western sacked. $1 41%@1 45 for Yellow,
$1 47V>@1 50 for White and $1 37%@1 40 for
Mixed; California largo Yellow, $1 60; small
round do $1 55<ffl 62%: White, nominal: Egyp
tian. $1 lio'al 45 for White and ft 23@1 30- for
Brown.
RYE — Is steadily held, but quiet, with 1
larger offerings at $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The local millers report a- fair average de
mand for Flour and Millstuffs at prices which
have ruled for some time past.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80S?
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7D©3:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 85@4 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; «ye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $2 50; extra, cream do. W 60:
Oat Meal $3 75; Oat Groats $4; Hominy.
$3 60©3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 50@7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $3 50 per ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The situation in Hay remains unchanged.
Choice grades meet with a good demand, and
are firm, while the medium and lower (trades
are still dragging. The railroads are begin
ning to move the accumulated cars in from
the country, and (50 came In yesterday.
The market for Bran, Shorts and Middlings
Is easy owing to larger arrivals of late es
pecially of Brand from the north, but prices
remain unchanged.
BRAN — $2C{?21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24<g2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $234223 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $.il 5O@32 50:
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal $TO 50@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31®32:
Mixed Feed, $22ff22 50; Horse Beans. $30310
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $S@12 50. with $13@13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $8@11; Oat. $7 ."Of*
10 50: Barley and Oat. $7@9; Volunteer Wild 1
Oat ?6 50@8.50; stable, $7<§8 50; stock. *t><©7;
Clover, $7 50*i0 50; Alfalfa. S7glO 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35ig37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The only new feature in Beans is that ar
rivals of the new crop are slowly Increasing.
Sales were reported yesterday of new Large
White at $2 15, and 250 sacks oC new Bayos,
more or less foul, at $2 15, and of new- Lima*
at $3 5TV down south, equivalent to $3 70 here.
The market is quiet. There la nothing new
in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayo*. $2 13*?2 50: Pea. $3^.125;
Butters $2 75<f?.1: small White. $2 90#.1l<>;
large White. $2 15(fi;2 40; Pink. new. $2 5n<g«;
Red $4; Lima $3 70**4; Red Kidneys, $4 23;
Blackeyes. $2 4Cig2 50 per ctl ; Horse Beaas,
$2 25.
SEl5DS — Brown Mustard nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25: Flax, $1 0002 25: Canary. «*i
«7c; Alfalfa. 15®15%c; Rape. l^Q2%e: Timo
thy 6%c; Hemp. 3k«S%c per lb; MlUet. 2*i
©:JV»c: Broom Corn Seed. $20*p21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl. =-*
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In the Potato market wa» moderately
active on local account, but supplies were
more than sufficient for requirements and
the market continued weak at unchanged
prices. Onions were In Increased supply and
weak, with some dealers shading the quota
tions in order to effect sales.
Offerings of miscellaneous vegetables were
liberal, and. aside from a slight advance- in
Summer Squash, there was no change In
prices. The market was still badly congested
with Tomatoes and the canners were pur
chasing at the inside quotation.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 50®
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanbs. $1@1 30 per cti;
Early Rose, nominal: Garnet Chiles, ,75@S5c;
Sweet Potatoes, $1@1 25 per ctL
ONIONS— flfit 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c«m 25 per
sack or crate; String Beana. lV.ff£2c per lb:
Wax Beans, l>4@2t»;.c per lb; Lima Beans. 2U<?
8%c per lb: Tomatoes. 15©:;0c per box; Summer
Squash, 30® 10c per box; Cabbage. 75e per etl:
Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@40c
per bos; Pickle Cucumbers. 50c@$l 25 per box:
Garlic, 4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 25«40c per
box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Olcra, 30®
40c per box: Grewi Peppers. 25@50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Trade in Poultry and game was active and
there was continued firmness In all descrip
tions, large young chickens particularly being
In demand and occasional sales of 'such stock
were reported at a small premium. A car of
"Western was marketed, making th« fourth,
for the week, and the receipts of domestic
stock were nearly 100 coops.
POULTRY— Lire Turkeys, old. 14$15c r«"
lt> for Gobblers and 15<817c for Hens; young
Turkeys. 2C<ft22c pc lb: G?me, p?r pair. $1 5<>
H\ 75; Go»ling» $1 75@2: Ducks. *tfi ( SO per
dozen for old and ?4 ~j<iin for young;
Hen.">; $4 50ff5 for small and $^ S^ififw- :or
lartte: young Rooster?". $3 OCfri;: old Roosters.
$ 1« I 50- Fryers. $*P4 50; Broilers. VI 50WJ i<>:
Pigeons. ?) 2."> per dozen for old and $1 5O'd>
2 for Squabs.
GAME— WHd Doves. %\ per dozen; Hare.
$1 5C<ffl 75 per doztn: Rabbits, $232 25 per
dozen for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
¦SBniter, Cheese and Eggs.
Firmness etlll characterizes' the Butter and
Egc markets, tlv finer grades being well
cleaned up and there being no larec over
stock, even of the lover grades. The ten
dency in t-.it h Butki ami Eggs is still up
ward, tlu-usli irlcr- pre now getttngr to •»
point whore tu>«rs arp cautious. and purchase
only to fi.lt Immediate requirements. Cold
storage and Eastern prods are moving out
freely. In consequence of the advance In the
California tfoodfl.
Cheese remains about as. before quoted, but
thcr* U now co»is!r»ernbTe divergence in the
quotat!<rc* given ty d!ff>rent dealers. tho«e
with light Mocks quoting a steadier and
thoi3 xvi\h l»»vjt stock? a weaker market.
Shipment.* are U-ins made to Lo» Angeles at 1
9c. bur that tr.nrket will not pay over this !
figure for any'hinsr.
Uecctpta viprr 47,8iV> lha Butter. 647 ca.«es
Ek-,';» and l«.400 lbs Chces*.
miTTER- Creamery at first hands. 2S»c
for cxtra3 and 27©2Sc for firsts: dairy. 21©
24c; colJ rtorage. *24c: store Hotter. 17«|>2uc;
Kastern creamery. 2t%@23c; Cistern IarTle
packed. IH^l.c per lb.
CHEESE— fliS I«c fcrr choice mild n»w an*!
&USW.C for low«»r rrmiM: Ycung Americas.
l»H«lIe; Oregon. *&3»;»-; Ea»tern, ie^I5c
per lb.
K'JGS— Ranch. .IT'i'fiaSc for large white se
lected. 37c for choice ami :n4i35c for com
mon; co!J «tor«)te. 27**2S<:: » ore. nominal:
Ka^tern. 'JZifZ*'' for firsts. IMfr/SUc for seconds
and 2tk?x21c for bakers".
Deciduous and Cilnts Fruits.
Nearly all descriptions of fresh fruits w»rt
in good demand and the market generally had
a steady .ton*, but suppll** were well up to
requirement* and price* had but slight varl- I
! anoe. Melons moved off more freely than pre- '•
viously owing to the warm, nanny weather,
and taWe Grape* cleaned up pretty well, al
though fresh receipts were heavy and carried
over stock was still abundant. Wine Cranes i
were In good request and sound stock was
1 steadily marketed at sharply-advanced prices.
Some old and leaking lots were still offering
at $12 per ton but anything good found ready
sale within the quoted range. High grade of- ;
1 f erinjs of Apples were moderately active and
firm at the recently revised quotations, white
poor and trashy stock, which was abundant,
continued to drag at unsteady rates. Berries
were in good supply and met with a *!utrei«h
demand at previous prices. Coos Bay Cran
berries were offering at $2 50&3 per box but
no sales were reported. A good demand was
noted for all descriptions of Citrus fruits, both
for local and shipping accounts. Two car
loads of Valencia Oranges were marketed and
the top quotation was shaded.
STRAWBERRIES— $1«2 SO per cheat for
laree varieties and $3^5 for small berrle*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2lVl904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
fe fe
150 Horses for Sals
By order of G. H. MEISS of Montasue. Cal..
1 will b-ll 150 HORSES at PUBLIC AUCTION.
This ronslgnment consists of a lot of well-bred
Geldings, Mares, Yearlings and Colts
Sale takes place on
THIS DAT.
WEDNESDAY, September 21, at I! a.m.
. At J. B. KORAN'S SALE TARDl
Corner Tenth- and Bryant sts.
Horses can be seen at yards any Jay prevtous
to sai«.
S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WKDNTSDAY.
September 21, at 11 a. m. 50 HORSES of
Standard Drayage and Tnm(«r Company.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Attctiun.»CT.natives last week found ambergris
valued at $64,000. The ambergris
weighed 100 pounds.
THREE INDIANS OF ALASKA
STUMBLE UPON FORTUXE
Find One Hundred Ponnds of Amber
gris in Dixon's Entrance and Are
\w Worth $61,000.
SEATTLE. Sept 20.— Three Alaska
Odd Fellow cards In great variety at Edward
lino wles Company, 24 Second st. •
•Women, avoid auftering by using: Parker 1 a
Ginger Tonic, as it Is adaptad to their Ilia.
Parker's Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.*
A new irrigating canal being built on
Williams Fork, near . Hot Sulphur
Springs, Golo.. will be twenty miles in
length. It will bring under water about
10.000 acres of land which . is now
worthless, being merely a sagebrush
flat. r £MH
The Dante Alighieri Society, formed
for the encouragement of fine arts,
gave an enjoyable literary and musical
entertainment last evening at. Stein
way Hall. Among those who delight
ed the large audience was Mlsa Aga
the Normanl, who rendered '.'Regnava
Nel Silenzio." from "Lucia di Lam
mermoor," and "I Am Titania," from'
"Mlgnon," in a superb manner, win
ning tumultuous applause. Prof e.ssoor
Marcilllno's \iolin solos were finely
played and a farce by M. Vanai audeil
no little to the success of the well ar
ranged programme.
Italian Society entertains.
The October number shows a profu
sion of magnificent illustrations. Cali
fornia may well be proud of the Over
land Monthly. •
Charles S. Fee. Traffic Manager South
ern Pacific Company; L. H. D. Walters,
Jane Woodworth Bruner. David E. Gor
don. John G. Neihardt. F. A. Hunt A
Knlcht Gregson. S. Shelley Sutton. Aus
tin Lewis. Ellis Reed. Charles E. Lorrl
mer. Eleanore F. Lewys. Harold French.
Dr. George Adam. Caroline Sheldon, Pro
fessor G. E.', Bailey and Pierre N. Ber
inger.
The Overland Monthly has a larger
share In the development of characteris
tic Western literature than any other
publication in the United States.
It does not fall behind its record In
the October number. Look over these
names:
Contributors of Note.
Behalf of Schander's Contest of
Miss Dolbeer's Will.
The scene of Adolph Schander's
contest of Bertha M. Dolbeer's will
has been temporarily shifted to New-
York. Upon application of Schander's
attorneys Judge Coffey yesterday is
sued a commission to Robert P. Lee
of 76 William street, New York, to
take the depositions of Gustave
Schoeler, Police Detective C- J. Sulli
van. W. W. H. Baise, William Popen
dick and a Miss Pflugel. all of whom
are expected to throw some light upon
the condition of Miss Dolbeer's mind
or the circumstances of her death.
From New York the search for evi
dence will be carried to Paris, where
Etta Marion Warren' and the unfor
tunate girl were visiting. Attorneys
Johnson & Johnson yesterday filed a
notice that on September 26 they
would ask for a commission to take
the testimony in Paris of Miss Gene
vieve King. Miss Maud O'Connor. Miss
Llllie O'Connor, Miss Hazel King. Dr.
Gros and the proprietor, manager and
clerks of' the Hotel Regina. all of
whom are said to be necessary and
material witnesses in the contest.
Ralph P. Chase, a cousin of Mlsa
Dolbeer, to whom was bequeathed
$10,000 in. the will, yesterday assigned
his interest in the estate to his
mother, Helen A. Chase.
Foreign Witnesses to Be -Examined in
Malvina Baillarge has a perfect
title to two Santa Monica lots through
which the Los Angeles-Pacific Rail
road runs. During her absence in
Canada her husband sold her prop
erty without her knowledge. When
she returned she brought suit and the
Supreme Court declares her cause
Just.
J. J. Bauer won his suit for bounty
on coyote scalps in line with the
Blckerdike opinion rendered Monday
in an analogous case.
Thomas Barker must go to San
Quentin for burglary committed In
San Francisco two years ago. He. was
an associate of Joe King, "the convict
preacher." He married a witness for
the prosecution while he was con
fined in \ the County Jail that she
might not testify against him, but the
ruse failed to work.
Supreme Court Ends Disputes.
WILL TAKE DEPOSITIONS
IN NEW YORK AND PARIS
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Sept. 20. — The
Spanish War Veterans at their ses
sion to-day adjourned Bine die after
electing additional officers, including
James H. Nolan. San Francisco, chief
signal officer.
Spanish Wax Veterans Adjourn.
nnrncti". Extract of Vanilla pre
p-red from selected Vanilla Beans. •
Da Silva for many years was con
nected with the Chinese Bureau at this
port as an interpreter. He was dis
missed last year'because he fell In love
with one of the stenographers and
neglected his duties. He and Lee Toy
arrived from China on the Doric a few
weeks ago. with 207 Chinese acrobats
and twelve Chinese women for the ex
position at St. Louis. . Four, of the
•women confessed that they and their
companions were slaves and were being
brought to the United States by Da
Silva and Lee Toy for immoral pur
poses. The four were not permitted to
land, but the eight other women were
allowed to proceed to St. Louis, not
withstanding the statement of the four.
The Indictment of Lee Toy and Da
Silva was procured at the . request of
the Department of Justice, and the ar
rests were made by United States se
cret service men. '
• United States Marshal Shine says
that every raid but -one that he had
been instructed to make upon China
town in searching for women who had
been illegally landed had been "tipped
off" in advance by some person in the
Chinese Bureau.
Assistant United States District At
torney Ben L. McKinley received a tel
egram from St. Louis yesterday an
nouncing that H. L. Eca da Silva had
been arrested in that city upon the in
dictment presented against him by the
Federal Grand Jury here for importing
Chinese women for immoral purposes.
The telegram added that Da Silva
would be taken to San Francisco with
out delay for trial. Da Silva's confed
erate. Lee Toy, was released yesterday
afternoon on bonds of $5000, given by a
security company. September. 26 has
been set as the date of Lee Toy's ar
raignment. «
Arrested in St. Louis by
Secret Service 3Ien on
a Very Serious Charge
Another fraud order was issued yes
terday by the Postmaster General. The
persons and firms in this State to
whom has been denied the use of the
mails are: J. W. Baker, Globe Mer
chandise and Investment Company,
Seal Rock Investment Company, Pa
cific Coast Mercantile Company, Bene
ficial Bond and Security Company and
the Mercantile Security Company, all
of San Francisco; M. Foster. Oakland;
Henry Walker. Los Angeles; A. J.
King, San Leandro; W. A. Gardes. San
Jose, and R. E. Farnum, Bakersfield.
The remaining persons and com
panies in this State doing business un
der a similar plan have been reported
to the Postmaster General and fraud
orders will be issued from time to time
as the evidence is gathered in. Most
of the companies now under consid
eration advertise that upon the pay
ment of $1 25 per week for eighty
weeks, amounting to $100, the deposi
tor will receive $150 in cash or mer
chandise, being a net profit of 50 per
cent for a fraction over a year and a
half, a greater profit than is realized
by the Standard Oil Company or other
monopolies.
• Postofflce Inspector James O Connell
has been working for several months
in gathering evidence against fraudu
lent concerns and his reports are be
ing forwarded daily to Washington.
Deputy Postmaster Hull McClaughry
said yesterday that when Inspector
O'Connell completed his labors, not a
single fraudulent institution would re
main in this State.
DA SILTA FEELS
LAW'S CLUTCHES
Three w^pks ago Chief Wittman re
ceived a message from Chief Durkin
of Akron saying that Semler had been
seen in this city. Gibson found thf
man at Kearny and Geary streets. At
the City Prison. Semler. after putting
up a strong bluff, finally broke down
and confessed he was the man
wanted.
Detective Ed Gibson made a clever
capture yesterday afternoon when Y\n
arrested Charles A. Semler. an ab
sconding bank officer of Akron, Ohio.
Semler, who was the assistant cashier
of the Second National Bank at Ak
ron, absconded two and a. half years
ago with $10,000. He obtained the
money by entering a number of bo
gus drafts drawn on banks in Cleve
land.
Charles A. Semlcr, Wanted in the
East. Is Cleverly Caught in San
Francisco.
ABSOOXDER FROM AKRON
CAPTURED BY DETECTIVE
Postoffice Authorities Are
Determined to Crush All
Bunko Investment Schemes
MAILS CLOSED
AGAINST FRAUDS
Odd Fellows and Visitors
Should not fall to see the beautiful display at
Andrews' Diamond Palace. 221 Montgom'y st. *
Secretary Hay, after a hard struggle
to learn the Russian language, has fin
ally given it up. He says he has a most
profound respect for any one who has
ever succeeded in acquainting himself
with this lingual abnormity.
Lillian Rhodes, a clever San Fran
cisco girl, who made so favorable an
impression when she went on the stage
in this city that, she was emboldened to
try her fortune in the East, has real
ized her ambition and made a name
for herself as a leading lady. During
the last two seasons she has been play
ing the character of Jennie in the pret
ty pastoral play "York State Folks."
This drama opens the combination sea
son at the Grand Opera-house next
Sunday afternoon. Miss Rhodes' many
friends are determined to make her
homecoming an event, and several the
ater parties have already been ar
ranged in her honor. To attain the po
sition of leading actress in a play like
"York State Folks," which has been
one of the greatest successes of recent
years, ie a remarkable achievement for
so young a girl. Both managers and
critics ; in .. the. East pronounce Miss
Rhodes,an actresf of exceptional abil
ity, who is on trie' threshold of a bril
liant career."
Miss Lillian Rhodes Will Ap
pear at the Grand in
"York State Folks."
CLEVER NATIVE DAUGHTER WHO
TAKES THE LEADING PART IN
"YORK STATE FOLKS."
Crossed live wires yesterday after
noon caused a fierce fire in the base
ment of the Academy of Sciences build
ing, Market street, near Fourth, that
endangered the lives of three women
and filled the entire building with
stifling smoke. The cellars were thick
with the choking, blinding smoke when
the fire engines arrived. Down into this
inferno the firemen went. After an
hour's hard fighting the flames were
under control and the smoke began to
clear away.
Just before the flre started three
young women were at work in the mil
linery store of the Muller-Byrne Com
pany. Their names are Reglna Skelley.
Nellie Denahan and Mrs. Josie Lang
horne. While they were absorbed in
their work a cloud of smoke burst
through a ventilator, filling the room.
Blinded and choking, the three women
clasped hands and groped their way to
the door in the dark. When the first
cloud of smoke came from the cellars
the electric lights in the building splut
tered and went out.
The flre started in the basement used
by the Muller-Byrne Company as a
storeroom. Several thousand dollars
worth of millinery goods placed there
were totally destroyed. Smoke and
water played havoc with the entire
stock of the company, valued at $20,000.
It was insured for about $15,000.
The cellar adjoining the millinery
company's storeroom contained several
cases of cutlery owned by C. H. Phil
pott & Co. Their loss, which is slight,
is covered by insurance. The Academy
of Sciences lost several casts and speci
mens, and Daniel Eisner, a furrier,
about $500 worth of furs. The Academy
of Sciences lecture-room was badly
damaged. :;_'
The thick black smoke penetrated
every room in the building. It gushed
up through the floors and spurted
through ventilators. Those who saw
the firemen descend into the cellars
thought that they were rushing to their
deaths. The Emergency Hospital sent
an ambulance, in charge of Chief Stew
ard Charles Buchw. to the scene, as
many cases of suffocation were expect
ed. But only one fireman was hurt,
Joseph Dolan of Truck 3.
The Academy of Sciences building
stands between the Flood building and
the Emporium. Fortunately the fire did
not spread to either of these buildings.
Three Young Ladies, Caught
in a Death Trap, Grope
Way to Safety in Dark
.No. 20. ' This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 per cent of the qualified voters:
a proposal to add a new section to article XVI
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, to be. numbered section 39, pro
viding for weekly half holidays at full day's
pay for municipal employes.
No. 21. This amendment Is proposed by
petition of 15 per cent of .the qualified voters:
a proposal to add a new section to article XVI
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, to be numbered section 40. pro
viding that municipal . employes, employed
by the day. shall receive a full day's pay
for all municipal and legal holidays, except
Sundays. . '¦'"¦ *
No. 22. This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 per cent of the qualified voters;
a proposal to amend section 1 of chapter 8 of
article IX of the charter of the city and
county of San Francisco. Increasing the salar
ies of the engineers of the Fire Department.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLIDAY.
No. 19. This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 per "cent of the qualified voters;
a proposal to add a new section to article XVI
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, to be numbered section 14, pro
viding for the closing of public offices at noon
on Saturdays.
No 18. This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 per cent of {he qualified voters;
a proposal to amend section 33 of article.
XVI of the charter of the city and county of
San Francisco, providing for an annual vaca
tion for all municipal employes without re
duction of salary.
No. 15. A proposal to amrnd section 2 of
chapter 6 of article V of the charter of the
city and county of San Francisco, increasing
the salaries of the guards at the branch
jails. ¦
No. 16. A proposal to amend section 4 of
chapter 1 of article XI of the charter of the
city and county of San Francisco, providing
for the appointment of fifteen deputy
registrars at an annual salary of $1500 each.
No. 17. This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 per cent of the qualified voters:
a proposal to amend section 14 of article XVI
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, reducing the office hours of public
offices.
No. 14. This amendment is proposed by
petition of 15 p*r cent of the qualified voters;
a proposal to amend chapter 8 of article IX
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, increasing the salaries, of certain
members of the Fire Department and allow
ing vacations to all members of Eatd depart
ment.
FOR INCREASING SALARIES.
No. 11. A proposal to amend subdivision
3 of section 1 of chapter 2 of article II of
the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, giving power to the Board of Su
pervisors to grant permit for laying down
spur tracks to warehouses, manufactories, etc..
under certain prescribed conditions.
No. 12. A proposal to repeal subdivision
» of section 0 of chapter 1 of article VI of
the charter of th* city and county of San
Francisco, which repeal will permit the Board
of Supervisors to regulate the method by which
streets may be torn up for the laying of side
sewers and other purpose*.
No. 13. This amendment is proposed, by
petition of 15 per cent of the qualified voters:
a proposal to amend chapter 4 of article IX
or the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, providing for two additional mem
bers of each steam fire engine company and
for each hook and ladder company.
No. 0. A proi>osal to repeal section 3 of
charter 5 of article IV and to amend section
5 of chapter 2 of article V of the charter of
the city and county of San Francisco, abolish
ing the office of special attorney for the
collection of delinquent taxes, making it the
duty of the City and County Attorney to col
lect such tax's, and increasing th» number of
assistants of said City and County Attorney.
No. 10. A proposal to amend subdivision
11 nf section 1 of chapter 3 of article VII
of the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, extending the term for which real
estate belonging to the School Department,
not required for school purposes, may be
leased, and prescribing the conditions of such
lease. ...
TO ABOLISH AX OFFICK.
No. 7. A proposal to amend sections 3 and 4
of chapter 7 ot article IX of the charter, of
the city and county of. San Francisco, increas
ing the pensions of retired firemen to a min
imum of $35 a month.
No. 8. A proposal to add a new chapter to
article VI of the charter of the city and
county of San Francisco, to be known as
chapter 6, and to repeal section 20 of chapter
3 of said article, prescribing a mode of pro
cedure in relation to a change or modifica
tion of street grades and the performance
of street work in connection therewith.
No. _. A proposal to add a new section
to article XII ot the charter of the city and
county of San Krancisco, to be known as
section 15, providing tor the disposition of
the earnings of any public utility.
No. 3. A proposal to amend subdivision 26
of section 1 of chapter _ of article II of ths
charter of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, prohibiting rock quarrying and rock
crushing within certain prescribed limits.
No. 4. A proposal tu amend subdivision 9 of
section 0 of chapter 2 of article VI of the
charter of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, requiring the approval by the Board
o? Supervisors of all permits issued by the
Board of Public Works to property owners to
_rade streets in front of their property when
credit therefor is to be given.
No. 5. A proposal to amend section 21 of
charter 1 of article VI of the charter of the
city and county of San Francisco, permitting
"progressive - payments" to be made on con
tracts for public improvements.
No. 6. A proposal to repeal section 4 of
charter _ of article IX of the charter of the
city and county of Pan Francisco, transferring
the power to contract for supplies for the Fire
Department from, the Board of Fire . Com
missioners to the Board 1 of Supervisors.
No. 1. A proposal to amend section 11 of
chapter 1 of article 111 01 the charter of the
<jity and county ot San Francisco, providing
for a tax levy of 85 e«nts on each $100 for
general municipal purposes, and 15 cents on
each *10y tor permanent public Improvements,
one third of wnich (o cents) may bo expended
for repairs.
The clerk of the Board of Super
visors yesterday certified to the Elec
tion Commission the following
abridgments of the twenty-two pro
posed charter amendments in the form
in which they, are to go upon the bal
lots:
Changes Are Sought in 3Iany
Sections of Organic Law
of municipal Government
HAVE A NAER0W ESCAPE
TWENTY-TWO INNUMBER
Proposed Amendments to the
Charter Seduced to Form
for Printing on Ballot
Blaze Beneath Academy of
Sciences Building . Fills
Place With Thick Smoke
BASEMENT FIRE
HARD TO FIGHT
CLERK SUBMITS
ABRIDGMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1004.
SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL SUCCEEDS
IN CLEVER PLAY
14
Al> VEKTISEMENTS.
1 Only four more days remain in which the shoes I
8 mentioned below can be obtained at these special prices. I
Discriminating shoe buyers should take quick advan-
tage of this opportunity. s .
LADIES' BLUCHER LACE SHOES— Patent Colt
f* ¦^Sr5 > vamp, dull calf tops, slightly. extended soles; high mili-
Vv \«i$| tary heels; a stylish dress shoe that will appeal to the
V* '•"til swellest of dressers. Like illustration (i). (T^ 3C
I' \*\k Special price to Saturday _p_j»«J_J
If W> LADIES' PATENT COLT BUTTON
tL N, : '__v ? H O ES— Plain toe; French leather heels;
figfe__ //£a light sole?. Special price until (f •) 7C
Saturday _p_L.O->
LADIES' KID LACE SHOES WITH KID
TIPS —Fine material; light flexible soles; a
$2.^0 shoe. Special until Satur- <T -1 on
_jio. l. • day »P 1 »O_>
LADIES' KID LACE SHOES- With
ff*Hlol ..patent leather tips, extended soles, me-
$y|Sl • dium Cuban heel; like illustration (2).
/^5k Special price until Satur- tf**j ir
day . _p_!-» 1_J
Wsl LADIES' PATENT LEATHER
WV^k. SLIPPERS- With three straps
across the instep; our tf«-| £c
N0 . 2 . $2.00 slippers. Sp.cial _
/aaG 5jgl INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S PATENT KID BUTTON
V <Q» SHOES— Dull tpps, hand-turned soles. Prices $1.00 to
\ Y§L ' §i-5O respectively. Special; sizes I to 6, fl»-| iC
iL _Pt\. 85c; ;S to 8, with spring hrels _p _.•!_/
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' KID LACE
Jfi&fjiSt SHOES — Patent leather tips, extension soles, an
"*HUB'aw» > honest, solidly made shoe that is nice and strong
' ' No. 3. to-be worn on any occasion;, illustration
(3);;size*s 5 to 8, 95c; 8* to 11, $1.15; n to 2 Jj Jjj
YOUTHS' and BOYS' SATIN CALF LACE SHOES— A desirable
. school shoe; size? ;i3t.o.'2; $1.50; 2}/ 2 to 5H, Cl 2A <CJ CC
$1.75... Special. until-Saturday.. _pi.*IV, -?1._>-J
A MEN'S 1 GENUINE PATENT COLT LACE SHOE— -Made on a
stylish medium' round, last; our price is $3-5<>. and it is <T^ \t\ •
very close at'that. Special price until Saturday... *po*l\J
MEN'S VELOUR CALF OXFORD TIES— A little lcte in the sea-
son, but the price justifies inspection. Special price until O*J Q^
Saturday _?&.O->
AD VERTISE3IEXTS.
' m HE TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THIS SALE PROVES CON-
** I clusively that the public has fully realized that the same solid
J_L integrity and upright intentions have marked this sale as
A2S have been the consistent policy of tho house of Fredericks for
ci O fnrty vears. Every reduction and statement is a
I I ACIT T Plain- 'solid, bold-faced fact— not the least bit of ex-
/.fmTAiwc aggeration and without a tinge of "sale 1 methods.
CURTAINS Our stock O f
tS^sSI FURNITURE CARPETS
j-uu .nd A r_b- DRAPERIES WALL PAPER
9 H^iO — Rpmoval-
Fale I'ric* *L AQ Have always been Judged the most exclusive, artistic
_,;-A V- I and serviceable, and prices the lowest consistent with
<*Z VrZL <r? c« th *'i r hl &h quality. The genuine reductions of this
. aie i nee j^^g bona-nde sale on top of our regular values have taken
Q O the city by storm. Honesty always tells.
p. '¦ -— -— — o o ( i
DINING ROOM FURNITURE CARPETS
OLD E»OI0_5H OAK. The „„„ WMV . 8>
Wax Finished. Handsomely carved. the i,t«,t pattern,.
In hull bets. colorings, are dis-
SIDEBOARD — Beeautifully massive. CQC played here for your
S140. Removal Sale Price . 5^ *ffiS&™»*g*.
CHINA CLOSET— Mirror back, highly ar- CCC are stn i further
tistic. $110. Removal Sale Price * v marked down in this
EXTENSION TABLE— 5-foot top. 12 feet Ions:. Removal, Sale.
Extraordinarily serviceable. $110. Re- COC A X M IN'STK R S— A
moval Sale Price •0°*' ' ar £' ' in '- Includim?
SERVING TABLE-An elegantly arranged CC5 *J ' £ e
fc-Ot. $65. Removal Sale Price W ?^i7 jX $1-25
EARLY ENGLISH OAK *.,% B 1 ffi v: $1 M
Beautifully carved. The very latest finish in b "o"dt " Brussels —
wood. The massive homelike weathered ef- This finest sei-ice-
fert in wax finish abl ' quality carpet
lect, m wax nrusn. Jn cholc , 9t co i orln - Pt
SIDEBOARD — Exquisitely beautiful. $100. COft SI .no. Removal-
Removal Sale Price * uv Sale Price.... Cl Vi
CHINA CLOSET— French bevel plate mlr- C7Q *' "
ror. black. $85. Removal Sale Price * lv TAPESTRT BRfS-
SERVING TABLE— At once artistic and CCC foment ""TltiO.
useful. $65. Removal Sale Price *"" Removal -Sale flfl-
EXTENSION TABLE— 4 H -foot round-top, 10 Price '.."•*'
feet lor.e. finely fashioned. $60. Removal CCa TAPESTRT B R U S-
Sale Price **' w SELS— A good eerv-
SOLID MAHOGANY 5£&i>!&
Furniture made of this exquisite and lasting vv u 1 1 i
wood always bespeaks elegant taste. IIIISlQ LlnOIElimS
SIDEBOARD — $110. Removal Sale Price C07 A complete line of In-
m laid linoleums in
EXTENSION TABLE — 64-ineh -quare. 10- C*C fl^?e *'
foot Ions. $80. Removal Sale Price -P"- 1 «i.7R-Remov- ft Ltk
CHINA CLOSET — Mirror back. $70. Re- CCO al-Sale Price.. *l«Ww
moval Sale Price •P JO fl.6.V— Remov- Cl K
SERVING TABLE— $35. Removal Bale COQ C A al-Sale Price.. *!•*>
price fLO'JVI f.1 JMV-Remov- Cl
_____ _ «-«-«««-«««-«. aa-- al-Sale Price.. V''*v
WEATHERED OAK MATTINGS
In the very popular and attractive Mission hfavt china mat-
style. Every piece a treasure of beauty and tino — Roil of 4n
perfection. SSffwSS % '
slDEB . OAnD -. $I00 :. Remo^ 1 . Sale . Pr ! ce $75 Japanese Mattln?
CHINA CLOSET-$70. Removal Sale Price CgQ m _ h weav .
highly artistic color-
EXTENSION TABLE — 4 1 *-foot round top, CCfl injtg. 45c yard. Re-
10-foot long. .$60. Removal Sale Price.. h | *' w moval-Sale «-
SERVING TABLE — $40. Removal Sale C3J PHce **JW
Price •P« J6 A larre and complete
Dining and carving chairs in all woods, to RUmovaJ^sTie""^'
match these sets. Price ZvC
O : O 6 $
ORIENTAL RUGS PORTIERES C
Complete line, embracing the most In one a "d two pair lots,
beautiful Anatolians. Kazaks. Mercerized— Fringed top and bot-
o_, - _. , torn; 4 colors: $11. Re- CO ic
Shirvar.e, Sennas. Ferragahns, moval Sale Price 4O.75
Kurdistan*. Persians, Antique Corded Portieres— 3 colors, J7.50
Irans. Beloochistans. in all sizes. Removal Sale Price... Ct en
Beduced from onr r«mlar price, £££££&£ \ \J
30 Per Cent. |° a ™ : Pr ««- e 50 - i^ovai j 4#50
o oo . _^: o
rvery item is a g-enuine reduction. T_l« sale ii the prudent -UTer'a
oppcrtunity. We will deliver g-oodi to suit buyer'* convenience. We «tor«
sroods lree of chargre pa«t the holidays.
S4&65tl MARKETS! kearny
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's the Hat
Six* wears that makes or breaks -
woman's reputation for rtatnttneas
and beauty.
Our milliners are adepts at fltttnsr
faces as well as heads and will ffladly
help yon to select a bewltchlssr -ad
becoming style.
When ready to buy that new Tnx
Jacket. Heck rur. Muff. Bolt. Jacket-
Evenlnar Wrap. Waist or Petticoat.
. come and let us show yon thronrh
our magnificent stocks. You'll con-
gratulate yourself If you do.
•-'* " i :
DON'T rOEOET O_Tt NTOtBSB.
i*
1 Brooches 1
I;] Innumerable P
Ij attractive 'do- >
|| signs; ex- K
R|j quislte, yet f|
ra substantial W
|H workmanship. Uj
N tf O ft ft upward 1:1
m 9^«Uv , p
1$ Solid 14 Karat Gold l\
IBpWBrisiolCqJ
Jewelers and Silversmiths
io4-noGearofSt4
——————————————————— — .ij «
MALVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 Market St., Opp. Mason.
SHEET MUSIC- PHONOGRAPHS. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S6.OO.
OUR FAMOUS TRUNK
You can't beat it for the price
anywhere. Another carload fust
arrived and weVe several new
numbers that will interest you
if you are looking for -a good
trunk.
We carry a line of suit cases
and leather goods that ¦ can be
found only at
A. B. Smith Co.,
. I !6 Ellis, near Powell. J.
— — r—
V-^ LJ 1 L.L.K T
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
a t> vEitxis ransyrs. __^_____^_._._^
¦_ -.._ ~-~*~"" — ¦-— ¦" ' ~~~ ~ '"'¦'¦ \ -i *-~"
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
Our stock of Colored and Black Dress Goods for Fall and
Winter is complete in all that Fashion demands. We have
undoubtedly the largest and choicest collection of all-wool and
silk and wool fabrics to be had at popular prices. In the tailor
and outing; materials can be found all the new color combinations,
and in the thin, dinging textures all the latest tints of fancy-
shades, as well as the staple colors. £> *
COLORED DUESS GOODS. BLACK DRESS GOODS.
44-inch wide 42-inch wide
SHpWER-PROOF SUITING. FRENCH FIGURED SAMITE.
A r«l g n h r^ff^ ht •n^ a omhfn;t^?o ( r An imported silk and wool black
black and whhe./.Yard 75C $1.25
52-inch wide ._ • ,|_ , "j_ f V*»".- '
TAILOR SUITING. FRENCH CRYSTAL CREPE
Suitable for rainy day costumes: RENC 1 H . CRYSTAL CREW..
checks and mixtures, mannish A stylish imported material, in a
styles; extra value. Cl CA fanCV C _ Cpe weave, showine a
Yard 3 *•-)>' small dot patterri: clinging
" r *__ texture fl* 1 Cfi
47-inch wide Yard fl.OV
IMPORTED REDFERN . . . ..
SUITING 50-inch wide
Small noppe stripe, in combina- B A LAC * ™*<°* .CHEVIOT.
tion colorings; suitable for* An -"-wool fabric, chevron
" fancy tailor dresses. CO HH weave; of fancy desien.medmm
Vard $d.W w «g ht an - « tr 2 SI 50
1 T value Yard •pi-iJV
43-inch wide . . . .
ETAMINE VOILE. 43 " inC £j?™w camttt?
Genuine French fabric; extra CHIFFON SAMITE,
quality, in new fall shades; ex- An imported silk and wool raa-
tensivcly used for fancy dress terial of French make, sheer
wear ff -I f\f\ texture, lustrous finish- A spe-
Yard »pl»V/ v cial value; made to our special
order; extra value. fl*-|
43-inch vride , .....Yard »J>1»_-«J
CREPE DE PARIS.
An imported French silk and 56-inch wide
wool material in all the fancy BLACK MELTON CLOTH.
and staple shades, including All wool, extra weight: suitable
cream Ct Cfi for rainy day wear and seoarate
.?..... Yard -P*»W skirts Cl CH
> ; . £ ..Yard Zpl.DU
46-inch wide .
FANCY NOPPE MISTRAL. 58-inch wide
Solid color, check effect; very ENGLISH NUN'S SERGE,
stylish and dressy, in shades Extra wide, fast black.' all wool
of champagne, silver gray. and one of the most durable
golden brown, French blue and materials manufactured. A soe-
navy ..v •:::::: Yard $1.25 n?.^ .?.: ; y art ,. :$1.QQ
• 17 ** linn
HI to 121 POST STREET.