no_text*"pHERE have 'been twenty-eight conclaves held since the organization
A of the Grand Encampment, the 'present conclave being . the twenty-!
ninth, and the following are the times and places of meeting and names
of the several grand, masters: _-.. : • .. .-.'.* .;
IS 1O— :^e W York. . . . . .DeWIU Clinton
¦%SUt — Xp,t York:. . •.'. :v ;V.'. . .'PcWItfCllnton'
[3830— \e*v York. . . .DeV/lt0Cltntnu
1.S2IU. New York . .Kev. Jonathan Nye
is;u: — Haiti in ore .Rev. Jonathan N'yo
1S,;;5— Washington. Jnmts Mnillnnii Allen
JS.'<8— Honton. . . . .Inmci Martlnon Allfii
18-J1— New York. . . Jnmei Madlxon Allen
isil— \c.T Ilnvcn.'. . . Archllmld Unit
1H-J7 — -Colaiubun ....... .William Hlaclcatonc Hubbnrrt
isno— n<t*toii Willlnm MlackBTone llnulmrd
1853— LexIiiKton William. niackatone II a b bard
185<f— Hnrtforil ..... . . . .Wlllinm Black«touc Hnbbard
l.s.'O — ChU-ntvo ..Benjamin Brown French
.(SflS— \ew YorU. Benjamin Broirn French
1S05— ColiiinlMi!* ..Henry L; Palmer
ISiiS — St. Louis .William Sevrell Gardner
1871— Ilaltlmnro .'. ..John Q,. A. Fellows
¦J.N74— -N'ew Orleans. ...... ... . .James Bcrrbn' Honktns
1877— Cleveland. . . . . . Vincent 1.. Hurlbut
1S$U — ChlcnRo . . . . ............... . . . .Benjamin Dean
lSS;t— Sun Francisco. . . . ... . . . .Robert Enoch "Withers
1S8O— St. Lbnts. .'. . .... . . . . . , ......... .Charles Roome
1MSJ) — Washington . . ..... . . .... .... . John P. S. Gobin
1392— Denver . ......... ... ............ .Hash* McCardy
1805 — Hotilon. . . ... . ". . . . ... . . . .Warren Lallnc Thomai
J8U8 — I'lttsburpr. ..... : .-. . ...... .Reuben Htdlfy l,loyd
1001— Louisville. . . . .... iVi .... .Ucnrjr Bates Stbddard
Triennial .'.Ccmciaves'. of the Pasi
. 5. Perfect Master. :
6. Intimate Secretary.
7. Provost and Judge.
8. Intendent of the Building.
9. Elu of the Nine.
1 10. Elu "of the Fifteen.
11. -Elu of the Twelve.
12. Master of Architect.
13. Royal Arch of Solomon; and
14. Perfect Elu.
'. These, are styled the Ineffable De
grees ar.d are conferred in a Lodge of
Perfection of the fourteenth degree.
15. Knight < of the East; and
. 16. Prince of Jerusalem. ,
B These are conferred In a Council of
Princes of Jerusalem, of the sixteenth
degree distinct, or In the bosom of a
Chapter of Rose Crolx of the eight
eenth degree.
•17. Knight of the East and We3t; and
IS. Knight of Rose Croix.
These are styled the degrees of the
New Law. and together with the fif
teenth and sixteenth degrees (styled
the degrees of the Second Temple), are.
in the Southern Jurisdiction, conferred
in a Chapter of Rose Croix, of the
eighteenth degr-e.
19. Pontiff. .
20. Master of the Symbolic Lodge.
21. Xoachlte, or Prussian Knight.
22. Knight of the .Royal Ax, or
Prince of Libanus.
23. Chief of the Tabernacle.
24. Prince of the Tabernacle.
25. Knight of the Brazen Serpent.
26. Prince of Mercy.
27.' Knight Commander of the Tem-
Ple- H# i flfflft8rTO
28. Knight of the Sun, or Prince
Adept.
29. Scottish Knight of St. Andrew;
and '
30. Knight Kadosh. or of the White
and Black Eagle.
• These degrees are conferred In a
Council of Knights Kadosh of the thir
tieth deirree, -distinct, or In a Consis
tory of the thirty-second degree. In the
Southern' . Jurisdiction they are con
ferred in a Council of Knights Kadosh
and are styled the Chlvalric Degrees.
/^VONCERNING the degrees in
{ / Masonry, the first three degrees
\Jl are: First, entered apprentice
X, degree; second, fellowcraft de
gree, and third, master Mason degree.
These three degrees are conferred in
the Blue Lodge and, when one has
received them, he Is as much of a
Mason, for all practical purposes, as
he can ever be. From the master
Mason's degree there are two rites,
known as the York rite and the Scot
tish rite. Pursuing the York rite, a
master Mason takes the mark mas
ter's degree, then the past master's
degree, then the most excellent mas
ter's degree and then the Royal Arch
degree. Those four degrees are taken
in the Royal Arch Chapter. The
royal master's degree, select master's
degree and super-excellent master's
degree are taken In the council. In
the commandery is conferred the Or
der of the Red Cross, the Order of the
Temple and the Order of Malta. On
receiving; these degrees and orders in
the sequence na"med, one becomes a
Knight Templar.- The various subor
dinate lodges, conferring the master
Mason's degree, have a State organiza
tion known as the Grand Lodge, and
so the chapters have a State organiza
tion known as the Grand Royal Arch
Chapter. In the same manner there
is a Grand v Councll and there is a
Grand Commandery of Knights Temp
lar, representative of all the subor
dinate commanderies of the State. The
national Templar organization, repre-,
sentatlve of all the Grand Comman
deries. is known as the Grand En
campment. It is the Grand Encamp
ment that meets in San Francisco In
triennial conclave the first week of
September.
The three blue, degrees— apprentice,
fellowcraft and master — belong to and
form a part of all the principal rites.
The Ancient and" Accepted ..Scottish
rite consists of a body of the thirty
third degree, called Supreme Council.
Of theEe, the oldest existing one in
the world is that for the southern
Jurisdiction of the United States,
whose see is at Charleston. It was es
tablished on May 31. 1801, and from
it all other Supreme Councils now In
existence have mediately or immedi
ately originated. The Supreme Coun
cil for the northern jurisdiction of the
United States was established at. New
York by the Supreme Council of the
United States at Charleston, in' 1813
and was afterward removed . to Bos
ton.
The laws by which the Supreme
Councils are governed are: First, the
constitutions and regulations of the
year 1762; second, the statutes, regu
lations and institutes adopted at dif
ferent times under these; third, the
true. secret Institutes, or. grand -con
stitutions of the' year 1786,- which pur
port to have been enacted in that
The Mystic Shrine is not, properly
speaking, an order of Masonry, al
though none but Knights Templar and
those who attained the thirty-second
degree in the Scottish rite are eligible
to become members of the Shrine.
A rite of Freemasonry is a scale of
degrees, more or less in number, fol
lowing t each other In regular order
and worked as a system under one
governing body.
Many rites have been worked, the
principal of which, at the present day,
are commonly known as the English
or York rite, the. Ancient and Accept
ed Scottish rite and the Rita Moderne,
or French rite. / ¦'
year jby^the Supreme Council of the
thlrty^thifd degree at Berlin and ap
prove'd and sanctioned by Frederick
the Great, "grand patron, grand* com
mander, universal grand master and
true defender of the order"; fourth,
the constitution' and statutes . of the
respective Supreme Councils.
The degrees from- the -first to the
thirty-second are divided In six tem-
pies or classes, each administered by
a body of !the last degree of the class:
1. Entered Apprentice.
These degrees are conferred by, sym
bolic lodges, under the authority of
a Grand Lodge within whose Jurisdic
tion they are located. : ' ' ¦
'¦¦ 4. Secret Master.
The Supreme Council for the South
ern Jurisdiction has also two other
honorary membership's: •
1. Knight Commander of the Court
of Honor: and
2. Grand Cross of the Court of Honor.
These degrees are never applied for
and are srlven In the same manner as
the thirty-third. The former, while not
necessarily a stepping-stone to tha
thirty-third degree,. Is. a prerequisite,
and no one can receive the thirty- third
degree until after he has passed a' pro
bationary period of- at least two years
as a Knight Commander of the Court
of Honor. The honorarium . of Grand
Cross Is a great distinction, and la con
ferred upon deserving: thirty-seconds
and thirty- thirds, its possession being
a valued trophy of which only a few
can boast.
31. Inspector Inquisitor; and
32. Master of the Royal Secret.
These are conferred In a Consistory.
Originally they were conferred by the
Supreme Council only or by Its special
authority, but in the United States the
power has been delegated to the Con
sistories.
33. Sovereign Grand Inspector Gen
eral. - .?
Conferred by the Supreme Council
only. It is never applied for, but is
given, upqn unanimous .election, to a
limited number of persons in each
State as an Honorary Degree, the re
cipients becoming honorary members of
the Supreme Council.
The thirty-third degree Is divided
into two classes — active and honorary.
Of the first class there are in the
Southern Jurisdiction 33 and in the
Northern Jurisdiction 6G and in most
Councils 9; they are the real gover
nors of the rite; and each. In his own
individual Jurisdiction, possesses all
the rights and prerogatives anciently
supposed to have belonged to the orig
inal grand masters, their jurisdiction
extending: .from the fourth degree to
the thirty-third, and disclaiming . any
authority to govern the symbolic de
grees.
THE THIRTY-THREE DEGREES IN MASONRY
general throughout the East; San Fran
cisco, away out on. the western fringe
of the continent, was too , far away.
in 1SS3. Grand Master Stoddard at
tended that conclave as grand sword
bearer. Four other officers of the
Grand Encampment who attended the
conclave of 1883 have since been hon
ored with the highest station within the
gift of theMasonic order: Robert E.
Withers, then deputy grand master;
John P. S. Gobln. then grand captain
general; Warren LaRue Thomas, at
that time grand Junior warden, and
Hugh McCurdy, at that time grand
senior warden. ¦ »
So I state that one of the greatest
benefits that has accrued to San Fran
cisco, California and the entire coast
through the^ Knights - Templar Con
clave of 1883 was the stamp it placed
upon this city aa.the ideal convention
city. That one thing was the Initial
impulse resulting subsequently in
bringing thousands upon thousands of
men of various professions, pursuits
and callings, men prominent in civic,
commercial, fraternal and theological
activity, out here on visits of busi
ness mingled with pleasure and curi
osity in various national conventions
in the past twenty years; and to the
Knights Templar of this State for the
schedule of entertainment afforded
their guests, .no less than to the resi
dents of this State for their
hearty co-operation, is the
credit- due for the lasting
good impressions our
guests bore away and
. \ie lasting bene
fits that have
•vccrued to
this' State
Fast Grand Master of the
The reputation of San Francisco as
the Ideal convention city of the United
States Is established beyond question.
Other cities have claims that cannot
be entirely Ignored, or otherwise there
would be evert more conventions held
out here than there are. By these con
ventions we have been advertised
to greater advantage, perhaps, than
any other State in the Union. And
this Is largely the result, as I
have stated, of the conclave of
1SS3 and of the fact that the residents
of this State were quick to realize that
an opportunity had been presented to
them through the efforts of 'Knights
Templar here of bringing their State
before the eyes of the whole country
through the medium of one of the most
Influential and representative bodies
in the United States and they grasped
the opportunity ably and decisively.
The conclave spirit has been growing
tremendously until It- has become a stu
pendous task to entertain the body of
Templars and visitors that attend the
triennial conclaves. In 1883 there were
7000 Templars In line in the grand pa
rade; this year there will be approxi
mately 12.000. It is impossible to state
how many visitors will be present dur
ing the corning week; from the reports
given out by those in a . position to
know, 75,000 would be a conservative
estimate. However, preliminary esti
mates on visitors to a conclave are
pretty difficult to give satisfactorily.
We will not have as many as cities such
as Boston and Plttsburg and Washing
ton had, because they had such large
centers to draw from, but we will see
the greatest gathering within the his
tory of San Francisco.
Inose who attended the conclave of
18S." and who are returning to at
tend the coming conclave will see
many notable and impressive changes
alonar the line of the parade. Every
seven-story steel structure building
has been erected since then. The Call
building, the Examiner building, the
Chronicle building and the Mutual
Bank building, on the four corners
from which the grand parade will
start, have all been erected since then.
Those who come in by way of the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific will
enter the city through one of the most
imposing ferry depots in the United
States. At the ferry building they
will find the terminals of streetcar
lines, especially the electric systems
radiating to the south, whose districts
c,cver practically all of the territory
from the Cliff House to San Mateo.
The city has put on the dress of
modern architecture within the twen
ty-one years that have intervened be
tween 1883 and 1904. Our popula
tion has doubled. Hundreds of acres
of land then vacant are covered now
with homes and business blocks. Some
of the old cranks still thought there
was doubt as to the stability of San
Francisco. I believe they are all dead,
and from their ashes have risen men
whose faith In the future of San Fran
eisco cannot b r e shaken. Everything
points to us as the entry point of the
United States for the Orient. When
we look back fifty years and see what
San Francisco was then -we 'cannot be
said to be dreamers if we say in fifty
years hence San Francisco -will be the
second city in the union.
as a result of ~ the dissemination
throughout the East of that spirit
of . good will to- California.
[Mcst Eminent Sir Reuben Ilcdley
l>!ojd is tlie only California M:i;son
Ivho lias ever been honored with Ihc
hi<*hc«-t office In the sift of Masonry,
tlie <"\r.Itcd station of £!*.»ml MM«t£r of
the Grand EncanjiHurm of the United
Slates. Mr. Lloyd 1~ ri membor of
California Conimamlcry No. 1, having:
served as commander cf that hotly for
two terms 1S81 and 1S*2. lie served
as ~rand • ¦ommniukr of the Grand
<"om::vmrteiy* of California for two
terms. ISSfi and 1SH7. and was grand
captain jjrwr.il of the GniiJ Encamp
ment darbc; the coUciavc held in San
lV;:iui-.t» In 1833. lie served as
g^-aad iimster of the Orniid Cam
mamicry from 1808 to 1901, bolus
succeeded by the Inciunbcnt, Henry
Bates Stoddard. Mr. Lloyd has been
a resident of Sim l"ranelsco since early
In 1SCO and Is one of the leaders of the
California bur.] ,
(~t\ HE Knights Templar Triennial
{ Conclave of 1SS3 was the slart
{ ing I't'int for this Htate as a con
i. vcotion State and San Francisco
as a convention city. It wes
the first national gathering of any
magnitude that had ever assembled
hciv. There were in 1SS3 more than
60.000 strangers in the city, the greatest
body o* representative men that had
iver been gathered within the hospit
able embrace of San Francisco. Too
much stress cannot be laid upon the
good to us that resulted from that en
campment and that will result from
the coming one. Within the body of
the Knights Templar are contained
many of the leading figures of the day
in public life—captains of finance and
industry, men prominent in commerce,
rrade and manufacture and men identi
fied with professional and theological
activity. One of the proudest memories
cherished by local Knights Templar
is the memory of the magnificent re
ception tendered by California Com
mandery to President William McKin
ley. himself a Sir Knicht. upon the oc
casion of his visit here in 1P01. Mr. Mc-
Kinley was pleased to say that the re
cepticn 'tendered him by the Knights
Templar here was the finest testimonial
he had received on his entire tour.
Ko stone was left unturned in 18S3 to
give our guests the very finest of recep
tions, and to the credit cf all be it said
that hardly a man approached for as
sistance, financial or otherwise, failed
to respond. Excursions were held that
icok in the points of interest through
out the State. Every phase of Cali
fornia industries was brought to the
attention of these representative visi
tors from abroad. San Franciscans
and Californians seemed animated with
hut .one desire; they were one .in a
unanimous spirit to extend to our vis
'tinrr brethren and to their families and
friends a right royal welcome and a
hearty invitation to tarry with us.
Many of thern did. The Knights Temp
lar Conclave of 1833 was incidentally
the greatest California exploitation
scheme that has ever been consum
mated. The result 41 the generous
treatment and open-hearted hospitality
was that these strangers went back
home carrying golden tales of the won
ders of this far western shore, of her
fruit and flowers, her wheat and vines,
her equable climate, and the glories of
river, valley and grove.
By Most En&Ii^esiii Sit.
It is not difficult to understand why
cities strive eo zealously for the, honor
of entertaining the Grand Encampment
at each successive triennial conclave.
The Grand Encampment is iriade up of
all past grand commanders of State
Grand Commanderies, in addition to
the grand commander, grand gener
cllssimo and crand captain general of
State Grand Commanderies holding of
fice during the encampment year. The
officers of the. Grand Encampment hold
office for three years. As, a usual rule
men who attain official rank in State
jurisdictions are men of more or less
The enjoyment I of
the conclave would
be, marred by the
tiresome and 'dusty
rail road journey.
But it requires only
one week amid our
sunshine- and flow
ers to proselytize
a host.
The ¦ encamp- :
mont of 1SS3 was
a memorable
event in the his
tory of San Fran
cisco. Nothing: had
ever been at-,
tempted here pre
viously on so stu
pendous a .scale,*
and there has been
nothing: since, until
the / present con
. clave, approaching
it in magnitude. San
public prominence. This can be readily
seen by glancing over the list of officers
of the Grand Comrnindery of Califor
nia. In a similar way tha membership
of Grand Commanderies is made up of
all past commanders of all State Com
manderies and of the three highest of
ticere of a commandery, namely the
commander; the generalissimo and the
captain jreneral. So it is easy to be
seen that the constant sifting; tends to
produce strength in the higher bodies,
and tends to make them bodies of men
w ; ho stand for substantial and sterling
Worth in their jurisdictions.
The encampment of 1ES3 was not se
cured tcr San Francisco without a con
test. But after it was all over and the
returning: cavalcades were setting forth
reluctantly from the city, Grand Com
mander Carson of the Grand Com
mandery of Ohio said to me, "Lloyd, '
I fought coming to San Francisco with
every means at my command. It was
too far. I came out here filled with
prejudice and antagonism. But I take
it all back. Never have I en
joyed a more royal we ;k. I can .
only say that the time cannot
too quickly come when we
will return." That was
the sentiment of many
other prominent
members of the
CJiand Encamp
ment. They
rcprcsenttu
the scnti
ment
Francisco • of course
was not the city, that
it is to-day; there was
but one-half the Tem
plar membefship then
that there is now, but
whatever was lacking
in numbers was amply
made up in enthu
siasm,- for small as
the Templar
strength was. then .in comparison to
what it is to-day, every pilgrim who
came to the 'portals" of the Golden
Gate was made -welcome with such
whole-souled heartiness that California
received 'a reputation for generosity and
hospitality .that
will never be
taken from
i «- r. •
.There . are many
who come to at
¦ tend % this con
clave who
¦were here
THE INFLUENCE OF TEMPLARISM ON CALIFORNIA
THE'. SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
MOST EMINENT SIR IlEUBEN -HEDLEY IJjOYD.
2The first steps taken In California
by the Supreme Council to occupy this
territory was on Thursday, April 4.
1S61. by the election of Brother Milton
S.' Latham as a sovereign grand in
spector general, an active brother for
California. This session was held at
New Orleans. Brother Latham at tha:
time was United States Senator repre-
The work of the Ancient and Ac
cepted Scottish Rite in the State of
California, as in all other jurisdictions,
commenced with a few zealous breth
ren, hampered at times by envy and
jealousy on the part of some, until at
this writing it numbers among its vo
taries the most influential men of the
community.
Greece, Athens
Switzerland. Lausanne.
Canada, Hamilton.
Egypt. Cairo.
Tunis, Tunis. .
Venezuela. Caracas.
Hungary, Budapest.
Dominican republic, San Domingo.
Sweden, Stockholm.
Norway, Christlania.
Denmark, Copenhagen-
And these Supreme Councils, wher
ever they exist, are the sole power of
the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
in the countries where they are located,
and all of them recognize as the su
preme law for their government the
grand constitutions of 17S6.
The bodies organized at Charleston,
S. C, met with varying success for a
number of years, but the fires of Scot
tish Rite Free Masonry, though at
times dormant, were kept alive by the
intellects and minds of the old . guard
until there sprung into existence at last
•
commander, James D. Richardson of
Tennessee, has for more than twenty
yrars-been- the leader of the minority
in the 'House of* Congress, a position
which he held until his accession to the
throne of Scottish Rite Masonry, when
he resigned from his public ; ' office - in
order that he might give his time and
intellect to the grand cause which he
has selected for his future life.
Mr. Richardson becomes the. ranking^
Mason in the world by virtue of two
facts, first that the Scottish Rite con
l -' '".' '•'•.:'"'".¦.-'
Richardson will sit while exercising the
formal functions of his "kingly office
overlooks a grand hall known as the
Senate Chamber of the Supreme
Council. This hall is entered from
the" 'West by two anterooms. Above
it rises a dome ceiling alive with
electric burners. Mr. Richardson's
throne is a majestic \ seat elevated
upon a dais approached by three
steps. It is sheltered by a . heavy
canopy of : royal ", purple velvet
and silk bordered .with gold
3^ HERE are two great rites or
orders of Freemasonry in ex
istence, one commonly known as
the York and the other as the
Scottish Rite. The former is
the more numerous of the ttfo in the
United States, while the reverse of this
is true as to Europe, and, indeed, as to
a!! foreign lands. -
The York is the older rite in so far
cs we have authentic history. As to
the Scottish rite of Freemasonry, this
was in existence In France and other
countries of Europe some years prior to
1762. and tvas known as the Rite of
or Heredoni. It was com
posed of three degrees of the York rite
and twenty-two others, the eighteenth
btirg the "Rose Croix" and the twenty
fifth degree the "Prince of the Royal
Secret."
In presenting a history of the Ancient
and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freema
sonry, it is but proper that I should re
fer to the labors of James D. Richard
son, tiiirty-third sovereign grand com
mander for the southern jurisdiction in
the United States, and Edward A.
Sherman, thirty-third o* California, to
both of whom we are indebted for their
is.bors in the compilation of digests in
tlieir respective departments — the for
mer for the rite in general and the lat
ter as to the rite in California.
Scottish Rite Masonry was intro
duced into America by Etienn* «/
Stephen Morin, who held a patent frcei
the Rite of Perfection or Heredom,
Orient of Paris, bearing date August
27. 176L He was then about to sail to
America and as a reward for service*
done the order and for his zeal in Ma
sonry he was given authority by thig
patent to establish perfect and sub
lime Masonry in the new world. He
was also given authority to create in
spectors general in all places where the
sublime degrees were not established.
On September 21, 1762, nine Masonic
commissioners or delegates from the
Council of Emperors of the east and
v.est of Paris and from the Council of
Princes of the Royal Secret at Bor
deaux met at the latter place and set
tled the regulations of the Masonry of
Perfection in thirty-five articles.
In 1769 he founded lodges of Per
fection and other bodies of the rite in
Kingslort. Jamaica, and in the ex
ercise of the powers of substitution
given him. he transferred his powers
and successive deputy inspectors were
created by him. As the inspector gen
eral of the lodges, chapters, councils,
otc. in all parts of the new world, he
pave the degree of inspector general to
Her.ry Andrew Francken in Jamaica
some time prior to 1767 and in his
turn the degrees were handed to Hy
man I. Long in 1795.
On the 12th day of November, 1796.
Brother Long, deputy grand inspector
general in Freemasonry, granted let
ters patent of that date to Alexander
Francois Aug-uste de Grasse-Tilly. late
an engineer in the services of the
United States, and to others," creating
them deputies for grand inspector
general and on the same date giving
as the places of Masonry at Kingston,
Jamaica, he granted a patent to Jean
Baptiste and others, authorizing the
establishment of a body in Charles
ton. South Carolina.
Under this patent the brethren
named established a grand sublime
c-ouncil of the Prince of the Royal Se
cret at Charleston. January 13. 1797.
which was * duly confirmed by the
Grand Council at Kingston. Later
there was granted to John Mitchell a
patent raising him to the highest de
gree in Masonry and .creating hirn,
deputy grand inspector general. He
•a as then a Justice of the Quorum
Court, and a notary public in South
Carolina and was late colonel and
•¦juartprmaster general in the United
•Stales army.
In 1783 the Sublime Grand Lodge of
Perfection was established at Charles
ton, and 17S8 and subsequent years,
other bodies of the rite were organized
there On May 31. 1801. there was
organized in Charleston. South Caro
lina, a supreme council of the Thirty
third Degree for the United States of
America. It became the mother Su
preme Council of the world, being the
first body organized comprising de
grees from the fourth to the thirty
third inclusive. The body was opened
with the high honors of Masonry by
Brothers Mitchell >and Dalcho. sover
eign grand inspectors general, and in
th? c-o-urse cf the year 1S02, the whole
number of jrrand inspector generals
was completed, agreeably to the grand
constitutions. *.
The grand constitution as th<» law
of existence of this Supreme Council
was ratified by his Majesty Frederick
the Gr^at. fcing of Prussia, who as the
jrrand commander of the Princes of the
itoyal Secret possessed the sovereign
power over all the craft.
sentin? California at Washington.
The war of the rebellion breaking out
eleven days afterward, his public du
ties as United States Senator prevented
Brother Latham . from entering upon
the work of propagating the Scottish
Rite In California, and his election as
active inspector general of this State
was made to lapse by reason of the
war.
The first Master Mason to receive the
degree of the Ancient and Accepted
Rite in California was Brother Fred
erick Edward Faxon of Sonora, who
received the same from Brother Perez
Snell, Thirty-third, in 1S03, a deputy of
the Supreme Council, which appoint
ment he had held from the year 1S27.
At the close of the Civil War the
Supreme Council for the Southern
Jurisdiction met at Charleston. S.
C, Thursday, November 16. 1S65. In
his address at that time Brother
Albert Pike, sovereign grand com
mander, proposed the election of an
inspector general for California, and
Brother Ebenezer Hamilton Shaw re
ceived that honor. Subsequently,
Brother Shaw proposed for honorary
membership Brother Alexander G.
Abell of California, Thus the first
steps were taken by the Supreme
Council for establishing the Ancient
and Accepted Scottish Rite on the Pa
cific Coast.
On August 4. 1866, California Lodge
of Perfection No. 1, the first regular
body of Scottish Rite Masonry on the
Pacific Coast, with William M. Run
den as master, was organized.
The bodies of the Ancient and Ac
cepted Scottish Rite in California
owed allegiance to the Supreme Coun
cil, under the government of a grand
consistory. DP to January 1, 1S37, when
Brother Thomas H. Caswell, then sov
ereign grand commander, issued a
"proclamation dissolving the same, and
the bodies then became directly subor
dinate to W. Frank Pierce, who, since
and up to and including the present
writing, has been in direct command
of the bodies of the Ancient and Ac
cepted Rite in the State of California,
as active Inspector general for this
jurisdiction.
Brother Pierce, as the active inspect
or general for the State of California,
has been fit in his wisdom to pursue a
different course from that adopted In
other States of the southern Jurisdic
tion. In other sections of the southern
jurisdiction, as a general proposition,
one, or possibly two, bodies control the
entire State, it being necessary for
candidates to travel the entire length
of the jurisdiction to receive the de
grees, and in these places they are
conferred In what, is termed . team
work, that is, the degrees from the
fourth to the thirty-second are con
ferred within four or five days, the
bodies meeting thus two or three times
a year. Brother Pierce, however, has
in this State permitted the organiza
tion of the bodies of the rite where
ever they have been called for and In
his opinion could be* maintained.
The wisdom of this course is appar
ent in the widely disseminated knowl
edge of Scottish Rite within this State,
and as the Scottish Rite bodies work
weekly, the same as the blue lodges or
commanderies, it creates a far greater
Interest and at the same time permits
of closer inspection of Scottish Rite
work bv the candidates who have al
ready received the degrees.
The bodies of the Ancient and Ac
cepted Scottish Rite granted dispensa
tions by the inspector general. Brother
Pierce, number tblrty-three in all.
Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
1, the first and oldest, was organized
October 15, 1S6S. This body is now one
ot the strongest in the entire southern
jurisdiction.
Oakland No. 1, organized October
12. 1SS3.
King Solomon No. 3, Los Angeles,
January 13, 1S86.
Isaac Davis No. 4, Sacramento.
April 3. 1S95.
Pacific No. 5, Marysville, September
21.- 1871.
Fresno No. 6, May 9, 1903.
Temple No. 7, Pasadena, October
CO. 1897.
Constans No. 8, San Diego, May 13.
1S87.
Visalia No. 9. October 8. 1S38.
California No. 10. San Francisco,
October 1. 1902. w
Santa Rosa No. 11, January 28.
1904.
Stockton No. 12, May 19. 1904.
These Lodges of Perfection with
eight chapters of Rose Croix, seven
Councils of Kadosh and six consisto
ries constitute the thirty-three bodies.
A more complete departure from
established custom was the one per
mitting the organization of two sets
of Scottish Rite bodies in one city, that
Is San Francisco. On October 1. 1902.
ten Scottish Rite Masons hailing from
Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
1 and 1 one other. Brother F. J. H.
Rickon, thirty-third degree, from
Little Rock, Ark., under a dis
pensation from the inspector general,
organized what are known as the Cal
ifornia bodies, meeting at present at
Golden Gate Hall. 623 Sutler street.
They have a' membership of 300 ac
quired in less than two years, one of
the most rapid growths In the history
of Masonry in .this city. The term
California bodies is taken on account
of the name given to the different sec
tions. California Lodge of Perfection.
California Chapter of Rose Croix, Cal
ifornia Council of "Kadosh and Cali
fornia Consistory.
The wisdom ¦ of permitting two
bodies In this city is evidenced by the
work accomplished and they are now
working in perfect amity and confi
dence with each other and as there
are more than 6000 Masons in the city
of San Francisco from which to draw
material for- the Scottish Rite there
is no doubt not only of the continued
success of this body but of the older
body. Terba Buena. which deserv*rs
much for the work it has done In the
propagation of th» Scottish Rite.
The first register of the Supreme
Council for the southern jurisdiction of
the United States, mother Supreme
Council of the world, has the following
officers and titles:
Colonel John Mitchell, sovereign
grand commander.
Dr. Frederick Dalcho, lieutenant
grand commander.
Emanuel de la Motta, treasurer gen
eral of the Holy Empire.,
Abraham Alexander, secretary gen
eral of the Holy Empire.
Major T. B. Bowen, grand master of
ceremonies.
On February 21, 1S02, the Supreme
Council granted its first patent, that
to Alexander Francois de Grasse-Tilly
as sovereign commander inspector gen
eral. They made him a member of the
Supreme Council, declaring thus that
he was grand commander for life of
the Supreme Council in the French
West India Elands, and the Supreme
Council made him its representative
therein, giving him power to constitute,
establish, direct and inspect all bodies
cf the rite. He subsequently went to
Santo Dumingo, establishing bodies
there, but in 1S03 the insurrectionists
in that island being successful, the
French rule therein terminated, and
the Count, with the bth#r members of
the rite, returned to France, where by
virtue of the paumt issued to him by
the Supreme Council at Charleston,
S. C, he organized and established in
Paris, France, October 20, 1SO4 7 a Su
preme Council uf the thirty-third de
gree for France. The Supreme Council
established at Paris was the. third or
ganized in point of time, the second
beirrg for the Windward and I^eeward
islands at Port au Prince. Since that
date ther<? have been established- and
are now in existence thirty regular Su
prome Councils working in amity and
harmony with each other.
The jurisdictions in existence at
present are: v
Southern jurisdiction (mother coun
cil), Washington, D. C. *
-t* i «.i .»* t* f i ill ij*.
Northern Jurisdiction, Boston.
Spain, Madrid.
Belgium, Brussels.
IreHnd, JJublin.
Brazil, Lavardio.
Peru. Lima.
Scotland, Edinburgh.
Uruguay, Montevideo.
Argentine republic, Buenoa ,
Italy, Rome. ,
Colon (Cuba), 'Ha-
Mexico, Mexicbl
Portugal, Lisbon-
Chile, Valpa-
Centra)
America,
fringe and gold tassels. Upon the right
and left of the throne proper are two
sub-thrones for the grand chancellor
and grand minister of state.
The Scottish Rite Temple originally
s belcnged to Colonel Reeves of, the
United States army. It was bought by
General Pike in 1SS3 for the uses of the
Supreme Council. Later was added the
library, which contains 75,000 volumes,
valued at $100,000, and It Is the most
extensive collection of Masonic books
in the world.
The meetings of the Supreme Coun
cil occur biennially at Washington, D.
C, and the present officers and mem
bers are: James D. r Richardson, grand
commander, Murfreesboro, Tennessee;
Samuel E. Adams, lieutenant * grand
commander, Minneapolis; Erasmus
T. Carr, grand prior. Miles City, Mont.;
Martin Collins, grand chancellor, St.
Louis. Mo.; George F. Moore, grand
minister of state, Montgomery, Ala.;
Frederick Webber, secretary gen
eral, Washington, D. C; Richard
J. Nunn. grand almoner, Savan
nah. Ga.; Samuel M. Todd.
grand auditor, New Orleans,
La.; Irving W. Pratt, grand
mareschal of ceremonies, Port
land. Ore.; Buren R. Sherman,
grand chamberlain, Vinton,
Iowa; Adolphus L. Fitzgerald,
first grand equerry. Carson City,
New; Frank M. Foote, second
grand .equerry. Evanston, Wyo.;
Harper S. Cunningham, grand
standard bearer. Guthrie. Okla.;
John F. Mayer, grand sword bearer,
Richmond, Va.; John W. Morris, grand
herald, Wheeling. W. Va.
Inspectors— Henry M. Teller, Denver,
Colo.; A. B. Chamberlin, Galveston,
Tex.; J. W. Cortland, Asheville. N. C;
E. T. Taubman, Aberdeen, S. Dak.;
Gustave Anderson, Omaha, Neb.;
Charles E. Rcsenbaum, Little Kock,
Ark.; T. W. Harrison, Topeka, Kan.;
General Robert H. Hall (for army and
navy), Washington, D. C, and E. B.
Hussey, Seattle, Wash.
These are the active thirty
< thirds for the southern juris
v diction of the United State3
of America and comprise
the governing body.
Brother W. Pierce,
in addition to hi3
position in the
Ancient and Ac
cepted Scottish
Rite, is at the
present time
grand c o m
mander of th»
Grand Com
mande*y of
Knights
Templar
of the State
of Cali
fornia.
Rite Masonry at the present day is in
debted for the perpetuation of its grand
end sublime principles. Talcing hold of
it when it Mas at a very low ebb, he
molded into practicable, shape .the de
grees which have since made it famous
throughout the world, enabling it .to
proclaim to all mankind the great prin
ciples of liberty, equality and fraternity
— an organization which bends its
knee neither to prince, prelate
nor potentate, but which
marches on with calm dig
nity, armed with a con
sciousness of its own
rightfulness- of purpose.
It will continue "until
the world is able to see
and each man be en
abled to meet his brothels
as a brother, and
until the
clouds of
supersti
t i o n ,
darkness
and error
shall have
melted
away for
ever. Then will
the work of the
Scottish Rite have
been accomplished, ana
not until then will it be
able to fold its ban
ners and the world to
say, "Well done
thou good and
faithful servant."
The home of
the Ancient and
Accepted . Scot
tish Kite for the
Southern Juris
diction - is -¦• at
Washington, L>.
C, and thd
present
bianu
will preside over the world's oldest, the
incther Supreme Council of that order.
The . holy house of the temple, at
Third and East streets, Northwest, will
be at Mr. Richardson's disposal when
ever he may choose to occupy it. It is
owned by the Scottish Rite Masons and
is valued at $150,000.
The gorgeous throne npon which Mr.
a master mind in
the person of
Albert Pike, to
whom Scottish
By Frank B. Ladd
fers the highest
Masonic degree,
the thirty- third;
Eecond, that he
THE SCOTTISH RITE IN CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL
California Consistory No. 10— Organizer Calif ornla " Bodies.
3W. H. Frank Titus, 1901: Carroll Cook,
1902; Gustave Henry Urabsen, 1903;
Thomas Henry Brown, 1904.
Since the organization of the com
mandery in 1852 to the present time
there have been admitted by initiation
and affiliation 1200 members. Deduct
ing the number who have died and
those who for other causes have ceased
to be members, there remains in active
membership 665. There nave been no
suspensions and but two expulsions for
unknlghtly conduct in all the years of
the commandery — a most remarkable
showing and one that speaks well for
the general character of the member;
ship. ¦ ; . ... ; . ,]
Of those who have been members 00
the commandery one, Sir Reuben H.
Lloyd, has held the position of grand
master of the Grand Encampment of
the United States; twelve, Leander
Ransom, Alexander G. Abell, William
Mason Rundell, Charles L. Wiggin.
William W. Traylor, William A. Davies,
Hiram T. Graves. George C. Perkins.
Reuben II. Lloyd and Tristam Bur
gess have held that of grand
commander of California; four, W. A.
Davies, Leonidas E. Pratt, George C.
Perkins and W. W. Traylor, have had
tlje honor of being grand master of
•the Grand Lodge of Masons of Cali
fornia; two served as grand secretary
of the Grand Lodge of California, Alex
ander G. Abell for thirtv-five years,
George Johnson, the incumbent, for
fourteen years; two, James J A. Mc-
Dougall and Georee C. Perkins,
have been Governors of California;
two. James A. McDougall and George
C. Perkins, have honored the State as
members of the Senate of the United
States; and one, John C. Burch, as a
member of the House of Represent
atives. Many have held positions of
prominence in California, Altogether
California Commandery has had a
goodly share of honors, both Masonic
and civic, and her influence in Masonic
and civil matters has always been po
tential and uplifting.
During the years 1876, 1877 and I87S
Sir Knight Hiram T. Graves was grand
commander of California. In 1877 he
was present at the Triennial Conclave,
held in the city of Cleveland, Ohio. Be
ing greatly impressed with the gather
ing of thobsands on that occasion, on
his return he undertook the task of
enthusing the Sir Knights of California
in relation to the matter of attending
and participating in the conclaves of
the order. By his strenuous exertions
a California Battalion was formed from
the commanderies of the State for the
purpose of attending the conclave to be
held at Chicago . ¦ «- ¦ 1880. California
Commandery participated and a dele
gation of some two hundred and fifty
were present at that conclave with the
intention to have San Francisco chosen
as the place for the conclave of 1883.
Success crowned their efforts and in
1883 the Grand Encampment assembled
In this city. California Com
mandery acted . a leading
part in the entertainment of
the visitors on that occasion
and acquitted herself with
credit George C. Perkins
was at that time grand com
mander of the State, as
In 18SD Sir. Knight Peter Dean, being
commander of California Commandery,
"escorted the Grand Commandery of
California to the twenty-fourth Trien
nial Conclave, which assembled in the
city of Washington, D. C. California
is a mounted commandery, and on thia
occasion appeared with full ranks
among- -20,000; Knights in, on
Pennsylvania avenue in- that. city. It
was , aV proud occasion when, as the
pride of the parade, with black horses
handsomely caparisoned, the Sir
Knights 'passed the reviewing stand of
President Harrison, in front of .the
White House.
A similar display was made at Den
ver by the commandery at the twenty
fifth Triennial Conclave in 1892, when it
acted as escort to the Grand Com
mandery of California.
The twenty-sixth Triennial Conclave
assembled in Boston in 1895. This was
one of the largest conclaves ever held,
it being estimated that 25,000 Knights
appeared in the line of parade. Califor
nia Commandery again bore away the
palm. She gave a magnificent banquet
to the members of the Grand Encamp
ment, at which were present the Gov
ernor of Massachusetts and his staff,
the Governors of several other States
and many State and city officials. By
her action at Boston she established a
reputation for open-hearted munificence
that has made her name and the name
of the State all over this great land a
synonym for hospitality.
The twenty-seventh Triennial Con
clave was held at the city of Pittsburg
in October, 1898. California Command
ery escorted the Grand Commandery
of the State, the escort of Sir Knight
Reuben H. Lloyd, the - deputy grand
master of the Grand Encampment At
this conclave Sir Knight Lloyd attained
the goal of honorable ambition, being
unanimously elected grand master of
the Grand Encampment of the United
States. He had won the spurs of hon
orable distinction by : faithful and ef
ficient and knightly service in the cause
of Masonry and Templarism. He had
served his Masonic lodge as master; hia
commandery for four years as captain
general, for two years as grand gener
alissimo, for one year as deputy grand
commander and for two years as grand
commander. In 1886 he was chosen se
nior warden of the Grand Encampment,
in* 1889 grand captain general, in jj 1892
grand generalissimo", In 1895 deputy
grand master and In 1898 grand master.
His elevation to the highest office . In
the gift of this great order was deemed
a' most distinguished com
pliment to the State and a
great honor alike to him
( and to California Com
;mandery.
I In 1901 the twenty-eighth
Triennial Conclave "was
held in Louisville, Ky.
the Triennial Conclave, which assem
bled at St. Louis, he was elected grand
senior warden of the Grand Encamp
ment. California Commandery united
with Oakland and Golden Gate com
manderies and Sir Knight Lloyd wa3
conducted to St. Louis in manner be
fitting his rank in the order.
By Eminent Sir CSiarles M. Plum.
THE ANNALS OF
CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY,
NO. 1.
Thomas Kyle, 1891: Washington Gen-
eral Winter, 1892; Eugene Nelson Deu-
prey, 1893; Reuben Preston Hurlbut,
1894-95; Martin Jones, 1896-97; John P.
Fraser, 1898-99; John Tonningsen, 1900:
well as Governor of the State. He
was elected grand Junior warden of the
Grand Encampment.-In 1886 Sir Knight
Reuben H. Lloyd was elected grand
commander and in the. same year, at
THE planting and organization of
the Order of Knights Templar in
California and on the Pacific
Coast was commenced in the
month of September, A. D. 1S52.
At that time the subordinate bodies of
Templars in the United States were
entitled ''encampments." Sundry
Knights residing in San Francisco as
sembled and framed a petition to the
General Grand Encampment of the
United States of America praying for
authority to establish an encampment
of the order in the city of San P"ran
cisco. The petition was presented to
Sir Knight Benjamin Brown French,
the general grand recorder, at Wash
ington, D. C, and in due time a. dis
pensation, dated at Boston, Mass., No
vember 10, 1852, and signed by Sir
Knight Charles W. Moore, general
grand generalissimo, was issued. This
instrument authorized the formation
of an encampment of Knights Templar
in tSan Francisco under the name of
San Francisco Encampment No. 1.
The dispensation named Sir Knights
Gregory Yale, eminent commander;
Sir Knight William B. Wakeman, gen
eralissimo, and Sir Knight Abrain
Bartol, captain general. The other
parties named therein were: Sir
Knights Richard F. Knott, Garrett W.
Ryckman, Joseph Waterman, John H.
Brown, Luther T. Wilson, Jame3 A.
McDougall, William H. Folger and
Henry A. Cobb.
On December 22, 1S52, a partial or
ganization under the dispensation was
effected and the following additional
Knights were admitted as original
members of the encampment: Sir
Knights Peter A. Brinsmade, Alex
ander G. Abell. Charles C. Tracy,
Leander Ransom and Silas C. Field.
On January 2, 1853, the organization
was completed by the appointment of
the following officers: Sir Knights
Peter A. Brinsmade, 'prelate; Luther
T. Wilson, S. W.; Henry A. Cobb, J.
W.; John H. Brown, treasurer; Alex
ander G. Abell, recorder; Joseph Wa
terman, St. B.; Charles C. Tracy, Sd.
B.; James A. McDougall, warder, and
Silas C. Field, sentinel.
' Little was done during the time the
encampment remained under dispen
sation. On November 1. 1853, a qhar
tor was issued by the General Grand
Encampment. Officers under the char
ter were elected and San Francisco
Encampment No. 1 was thus fully in
vested and started upon the career of
usefulness and prosperity, which has
continued until it has now become one
of the largest, most noted and most
influential of the bodies unde'r the
control of the General Grand Encamp
ment of the United States and the first
in formation, rank and character on
the Pacific Coast.
In September, 1856, the General Grand
Encampment at its Triennial Conclave
made sundry changes in the names of
the. several bodies under its jurisdic
tion and the name of San Francisco
Encampment No. 1 was changed to San 1
Francisco Commandery No. 1 and its
chief officer was thereafter entitled
commander. Sir Knight Leander Ran
son was on March 5, 1857, re-elected
commander; Sir Knight James C. L.
Wadsworth, generalissimo, and Sir
Knight Alexander G. Abell captain
general. In 1858. at the annual election,
Sir Knight Alexander G. Abell was
chosen commander. Sir Knight James
C. L. Wadsworth was re-elected gen
eralissimo and Sir Knight Eli Cook
captain general. This was the last
election prior to the formation of the
Grand Commandery of California. On
July 5, 1S53, Sacramento Encampment
No. 2 was organized and received a
charter from the General Grand En
campment on February 6, 1854. On
February 20, 1856, the General Grand
Encampment issued a dispensation for
the formation of an encampment at the
City of Columbia, in Tuolumne County,
under the name of Pacific Encampment
!No. 3. It received a charter on Sep
tember 10, 1856. The titles of these two
bodies, under the change adopted by
the General Grand Encampment, were
subsequently changed to the term
commandery.
The Grand Commandery of the State
jheld its first conclave in the city of
San Francisco on August 11, 1858. We
may here remark incidentally that all
jthe grand officers at this conclave have
jsince passed over the Dark River.
' At this conclave Sir Knight Eli Cook i
presented a petition from San Fran
cisco Commandery praying that its
name be changed and that it be here
after named and known as California
Commandery No. 1. The prayer was
'granted and since that time the com
mandery has been so known and des
ignated upon the registry of the Grand
Commandery.
The names and time of service of
those who have presided as command
ers of the commandery since its or
ganization to the present time are as
follows:
' Gregory Tale, 1852-53; Leander Ran-
Bom, 1854-55-56-57; Alexander Gucdon
Abell, 1858-59-60-61-62-63-64 and 1872;
William Norris. 1865; William Mason
Rundell. 1866-67; Charles Louis Wig-
Kin, 1868-69-70; Hiram Throop Graves.
1871; JoseDh Bonaparte Scotchler, 1873
74; William Henry Linow Barnes, 1875
76-77-79-80-81; George Tisdale Bromley,
1876; Reuben Hedley Lloyd, 1882-83;
Franklin Henry Day, 1884; Joseph Mil
ler Litchfield, 1885; Henry Haven Pear
son, 1886; Michael James Keating, 1887;
Brilsford Pease Flint, 1888; Peter Dean.
1889; Richard Beverly Cole, 1890;
¦ . ¦ ••• ¦ ' ' • '.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
California Commandery accompa
nied. Grand Master Lloyd as escort,
and again fully maintained her here
tofore well established reputation. Her
generous membership provided the
needed funds, and she returned bear
ing back laurels of distinction.
And now — with zoal and generosity
greater than ever before — California
Commandery Is striving to do her
part in welcoming and entertain
ing the thousands of fraters and
friends who. will visit San Francisco
and the State on the ides of Septem
ber. She is heartily joining her sister
commanderies of the State in earnest
effort to make the twenty-ninth Tri
ennial Conclave outrival all heretofore
held in all the pomp and circumstance
of excellence.
Except the care exercised in the se
lection of her membership and the
character of that membership, noth
ing has conduced more to her present
enviable status than the beneficent and
encouraging efforts of her excellent
drill corps. This sketch of her history
would be incomplete without refer
ence to the potent influence of this
chosen body of her members.
Immediately after the Triennial Con*
clave held In the city of Washington
in 1S89, Past Commander Captain R.
P. Hurlbut, no doubt induced by his
natural aptitude and his knowledge of
the tactics, as well as by what he had
observed of the good effects of proper
drill exercises upon the character of
the work in a commandery, conceived
the idea of selecting a suitable num
ber of the younger and more active
members. With him thought is the
mother of action. He is characterized
by unbounded enthusiasm, strong de
termination and a thorough under
standing of what is needed for suc
cess in this species of exercises. He
understands the men under his charge,
and how to treat, direct and Instruct
them. With persistency he drilled his
corps and the good results of the drill
were aoon made manifest in the char
acter of the work in conferring the
orders in the commandery. We haz-,
ard nothing in saying, without boast,
that it will be difficult to find any
commandery excelling California
Commandery in this important par
ticular. This excellence of work Is
very greatly attributed to the perfec
tion of discipline in the drill corps.
By the time of the conclave held in
Denver, in 1892, the California Drill
Corps was prepared to enter the lists
In competitive drill. This It did, and
with plaudits won the first prize as a
mounted corps. The mounted corps en
tered the list again in 1901 at the Louis
ville conclave and again won first prize.
The commandery very generously, in
addition to the amount given for en
tertainment at Louisville, appropriated
the sum of $3000 to aid the drill corps
and a trophy is placed to its credit,
i With the present able corps of offi
cers, an excellent membership and the
stimulus of past successes, there is no
reason to doubt that this great com
mandery will maintain the enviable
rank among the commanderies of the
State and the nation hitherto held. All
those on her register are, as they should
be, fully Imbued with the great import
ance of harmony, and appreciating the
lofty character of the principles and
teachings of Templarism they will con
serve, preserve and add to the proud
record they have so fitly earned in the
past and so gloriously maintained.
Of all the brilliant events that have
been held under the auspices of Cali
fornia Commandery none brings a
greater thrill of pride to the com
mandery members than the recollec- 1
tion of the magnificent reception ac
corded to the late President William,
McKinley, a member of Canton Com
mandery, Canton, Ohio, upon the oc
casion of his memorable visit here in
May, 1901. The following, descriptions
of that function are taken from the
report made to the commandery by
General W. H. L. Barnes, chairman of
the executive committee. " • • •
Not less than 14,000 people crowded
the Pavilion. The lofty but dingy and
dusty rafters were swathed In the na
tional colors; banners and flags
streamed and hung from every timber
to which one could be fastened, and as
the sunlight streamed through tha
windows and fell In broad belts of
light upon the assemblage of brilliant- i
ly gowned women and quaintly habit-,
ed men there was presented a scene/
which would not have dishonored tho J
coronation of an emperor.
"Sir Knight McKinley, as he walkv
ed through the avenue of swords ex<
tended from the eastern end , of th«
Pavilion to the great stage at'the west,
exclaimed over and over again, 'Hot*
beautiful!' * • • The drill corps,}
commanded by Sir Knight Hurlbut,!
formed upon the floor the Templar \
emblem of eternity — the ring — and,
kneeling in unison, without comment, ¦
chanted the prayer of the Lord. 1 No
one who witnessed that scene and
heard the almost divine melody of.
those voices will ever forget elthers
Sir. Knight McKinley was deepH
moved. His eyes were suffused wit*»
tears and his lips devoutly followed
the words * addressed to 'Our Father
who* art in heaven." California Com
mandery No. 1 has acquired a national
reputation and will be distinguished in
Masonic annals as the only Masonic
body : which, solely as such, has ever
entertained the President of the TJnit-T
ed States in his Masonlu capacity >
alone."
4Starting with forty-three members in
1881, the total enrollment is now 705,
or an average annual increase of about
thirty. This is a most flattering show-
Ing and speaks well for the general
character of the cc-mmandery. Deduct
ing, the names of those who, by death
or other causes, have ceased to be
members, there remain, about 500
names upon the roll of the com
mandery.
Expansion in membership with Gold
en Gate seems to have been "the
mother of necessity." Its quarters at
131 Post street becoming no longer such
as afforded the needed accommodation
and conveniences, in 1S91. but ten years
subsequent to her organization, her en
ergetic and Intelligent business men
and fraters undertook and carried to
completion the erection of a temple
more spacious and better fitted to ac
commodate its growing needs. This
magnificent structure, known as Gold
en Gate Hall, was erected at a cost
of approximately 5140.000 — a monument
to the energy and zeal of the member
ship and a testimonial to the lov* of
the fraters for the Institution of which
they now formed an integral and im
portant part. Spacious as this build
ing is, the* commandery, at the lapse
of a little over another decade, found
it too small to afford the .necessary
conveniences. It, tnerefore, dis
posed of the property and is now
contemplating the erection, either by
Iteelf or conjointly with ether
Masonic bodies, of a still more spacious
edifice. The commandery continues,
however, to occupy Golden Gate Hall,
and with continuous zeal, day by
day, it is lengthening and strength
ening the cords of an influence already
potential. Good judgment in business
alTi-irc, and excellent taste in artistic
ideas appear to be characteristics of
Golden Gate; no better proof of the
former is needed than that manifested
In the system adopted for the keeping
of its records and books of account
by the recorder, and Its excellent plan
of life-membership; its coat-of-arms.
its commandery Jewel, its button of
1S02; Robert B. More. 1903; Robert
W.*Campbell, 1904. and the present
commander. Philip D. Code, whose
term expires In 1905. Much of the
remarkable success of the command
cry is attributable to the zealous and
efficient services of these able and ex
perienced officers; much also resulted
from the care and fidelity exercised by
Sir Knights Samuel Swift. Charles L.
Thomas, William T. Fcnda and the
incumbent, Theo Frolich, in the po
sition of recorder. In a commandery
there is no position of greater Tespon
sibility or fraught with more import
ant duties than that of recorder, nor
is there anymore influential 'for good.
Golden Gate seems to have fully r"ec
cgnized this fact in the selection ' of
these officers.
Golden Gate Cc-mmandery actively
participated In the conclave of , the
Grand Encampment held in this city in
18S3 and added greatly to the interest
and success of that occasion. The
work of providing the needed finances
and of receiving and entertaining the
many visitors to this city at that time
was an; arduous one and devolved
chlfcfly upon the two cc-mmanderies of
Ihe'city, . Like those of her sister com
mandery the members of Golden Gate
entered with zeal upc-n the herculean
task, striving to be among the first
in extending hospitality to the pil
grims. Many will recall the scenes at
Uashaivay Hall and the friendships
formed. Golden Gate, in all matters
of preparation, escort duty, entertain
ment and money did its part nobly
and well and left pleasant recollections
upon the minds of its own and visit
ing Sir Knights. i ¦ '
In 1886 the commandery. enthused
by the recollections of 18S3, determined
upon a pilgrimage to the conclave of
1SS6, at St. Louis. On this pilgrimage
the commandery met with most gener
ous receptions at various places and
won great popularity for generous hos
pitality at St. Louis. In 1SS9 the com
mandery participated in the conclave
at Washington, D. C. and there elicited
the commendation of the assembled
thousands, winning by its hospitality
and its excellent parades a- national
reputation. The commandery has been
well represented at all the triennial
conclaves of the order since its or
ganization, except that held at the
city of Pittsburg in 1SS9. and at all
it has fully maintained its status
as one of the foremost commanderies
of the land. It is justly proud of its
standing; it has had honor for itself;
it has honored the order in the State.
Much of the good repute of Golden
Gate, next to that arising from the
character of its membership, springs
from the excellence of its drill corps.
To those unacquainted with^the im
portant influences of a drill corps upon
the condition of a commandery, such
a body might appear to be an appen
dage more ornamental than useful.
Such, however, is not the case. In all
branches of the Masonic order much of
the excellence and interest depend
upon the impressions of the work in
performing the several ceremonies.
Nothing in a commandery adds more
to this impressiveness than the assist
ance rendered by a well-drilled corps,
specially selected for the purpose.
Golden Gate early realized this; hence
in 1883, it granted a petition presented
by its captain general. Sir Knight
Frank W. Sumner, signed by twenty-
nate commanderies. It rightly
claims the credit of having virtually
introduced on the Pacific Coast the
custom of fraternal visits among the
bodies of the order, and its pilgrim
ages to sister commanderies have been
a pleasant feature in its history.
By . Eminent Sir Pfoilip D. Code
THE ANNALS OF
GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY,
NO. 16.
Campbell. 1900; . Robert McMillan.
1501; Harvey D. Loveland, the present
chairman of the executive commit
tef. of the twenty-ninth Triennial Con
clave of the Grand Encampment,
unique design and its beautiful uni
form are evidence of the latter. It
has always displayed a most knightly
and commendable courtesy in recep
tions given to the grand and subordi-
ON the 14th day of February, 1S81,
R. E. Commander Bruce B. Lee
granted a dispensation to estab
lish another commandery in the
city of San Francisco. A very appro
priate and expressive name £ad been
selected, and the unusual number of
forty-three f raters joined in petition to
the grand commander of the State to
grant the dispensation. As Minerva
sprang fully developed from the fore
head of Jove, so Golden Gate came
forth fully equipped to enter upon a
career of active and successful endeav
or. The first meeting for the purpose
of organizing the commandery was held
on the 13th day of January, 1SS1, and
the granting of the petition for a dis
pensation was recommended by Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1. The dis
pensation named Sir Knights William
O. Gould as commander, Henry H.
Blake as generalissimo and Tristani
Burgess as captain general. The com
mandery at once proceeded to work
under the dispensation and conferred
the orders upon a number of candi
dates prior to the annual conclave of
the Grand Commandery in 18S1. At
this conclave the commandery exempli
fied the Order of the Red Cross, and
?.he work under the dispensation being
approved that document was surren
dered and a charter of perpetuation
was granted on the 15th day of April.
1SS1. No time was .lost, and on the 21st
day of April the commandery was duly
constituted by the past grand com
mander, the late Hiram T. Graves, act
ing by appointment for the grand com
mander, Bruce B. Lee. Thus in the
brief space of a little more than two
months Golden Gate Commandery was
enrolled upon the register of the Grand
Commanderj', being the sixteenth com
' mandery in the State. The assemblies
of the commandery were at first held
In the Masonic Temple, on Post street,
and until the completion and dedication
of an asylum of its own, at 131 Post
street, on the 29th day of September,
1S8L At the dedication of this asy
lum California Commandery No. 1 and
Oakland No. 11. with a brilliant com
pany of ladies and Sir Knights, were
present, and with elaborate, dignified
and impressive services Golden Gate
"set up housekeeping" in its own home.
It is not surprising that the success
of Golden Gate Commandery .has
been so phenomenal; it had started
out under the most favorable auspices,
having for its guidance both intelli
gence and experience. Its first com
mander. Sir Knight Gould, had been
grand commander of Kansas; its pre
late, the late Hezekiah L. Hosmer, af
terward grand prelate of the Grand
Commandery of California, had been
one of the most distinguished Mason*
of Ohio; Dr. Isaac S. Titus was a past
grand master of the Grand Lodge of
California; Theodore F. Tracy was a
past grand generalissimo of the Grand
Lodge of California, and Tristanr
Burges, afterward grand : commander
of the Grand Commandery of Califor
nia. The other charter members were
Henry S. Bloke, James M. McDonald.
Champion I. Hutchinson. Carmi W.
Beach, Frederick K. Bechtel, John C.
Yates, William S. Mason, John B. Cur
tis, Samuel Myers. Charles L. Benton.
Frederick D. Stadtmuller, Justin
Gates, Samuel Swift, Granville Pul
len, William C. Stroud, Theodore H.
F. Robertson, Dr. Silas M. Mouser,
Herman J. Sadler, John B. Owens,
Charles L. Bigelow, Frank A. Bettis,
Justus F. Edwards. Burr Noble, Wil
«iam Henry Smith, Francis Smith.
John Kirkpatrick, Jacob Z. Davis,
John F. Merrill; Henry S. Crocker, Co
lumbus Waterhouse, John G. Bloomer.
George W. Deitzler. Robert N. Graves.
James H. Helm, Charles L. Thomas.
Charles H. Abbott, Peter F. Oakley,
end John Skae. Many of these were
men of high business and social stand
ing, who have had marked Influence
upon the social, business and civic ln
'terests of the city and of the State.
' The first candidate permitted to
pass the threshold of the commandery
was Frank William Sumner, after
ward grand commander of the State
and the author of the excellent work
on Templar tactics, a work that has
had a most potent influence not only
on the condition of his own com
mandery, but also upon that of every
commandery in the State and even of
many beyond the confines of . the
State.
Golden Gate has been honored by
the Grand Commandery of the State
by the election of Sir Knights F.;W.
Sumner and John F. Merrill to the"
highest place in the gift of that body,
and It has honored itself an«l the
following: by selecting them to pre
side as eminent commanders over Its
own interests: William O. Gould.
1881-82; TriBtam Burgess. 1883; Colum
bus Waterhouse, 1884; Frank W. Sum
ner. 1885; James H. Hatch, 1886;
Franklin Dal ton, 1887; Frank J.
French, 1888; Andrew G. Booth. 1889;
Carlos G. Young, 18 DO; William Ed
wards, 1891; Alex B. von Weffels
burg, 1892; Charles L. Field, 1893;
Joseph K. Firth. 1894; George , D.
Clark, 1895; Charles H. Murphy.
1896-97; Jonathan M.. Peel, 1898;
Charles L. Patton, 1899; Joseph C
Zerubbabel I, it is rumored, died of a;
broken heart, for he never smiled
again after his California friends left!
him in the effete East. He moped and»
pined and touched not food, neither
would he drink, and died even so. His
beautiful black skin, stuffed, all that
is left of him save memory, now graces
the banquet hall of the asylum. Ze-.
rubbabel II was the lion of the Wash-;
ington conclave. An unfailing appe-'
tite for champagne and chocolate bon-j
bons nearly ended his reign, but hej
lived to become the especial pet of Mrs. ;
John A. Logan, who expressed a wish,
for him when, the conclave was over.']
Her wish had but to be intimated to
the. gallant California knights and his
bearship straightway became domi-'
ciled within the Logan demesne, where
he passed his davs in plenteousness
and cheer until, essaying one day to
embrace a colored servant in the'
wholesouled, hearty manner of the!
West, he absentmindedly cracked him
a. rib or two in the servitor and was
sorrowfully dispatched to the happy
hunting ground of well meaning but
absent minded little bears. He hugged
not wisely, but too welL Fittingly
stuffed, in an upright position, he now*
hands a silver qard salver to visitors
at the Logan home. Zerubbabel IV.
after the Boston conclave, became the*
pet of the Bay State Commandery of
Brockton. With him as the nucleus, a,
zoo was formed there which is now the
pride of the Brockton people, so that!
Zerubbabel IV may in truth be said!
to have budded a second temple. i
And now cometh Zerubbabel VIIJ
who, a tiny cub, fell prey in the wild*
of Slskiyou to Sir Knight A. W. Mc-I
Kenzie, and who, a five -months old
cub, will occupy the place of honor be-!
fore the plumed ranks of Golden Gate.
In the grand parade of September 6. '
It Is possible Zerubbabel may havq
company, for J. E. Doollttle of Coop-J
erstown, who has supplied the six prew
vious Zenibbabels, has Informed Gold-J
en Gate that he baa a grizzly on hand j
and It is probable that two bears will
appear In the parade.
Not one-half the honor' ever was
accorded to Zerubbabel of old
that is accorded by the belted
and booted Knights of Golden
Gate to their Zerubbabel, the seventh
in an honored line. And, like Zerub
babel of old, It seems his predestined
fate to be a sharer, too, of exile, even
as his six predecessors of glorious
memory, for never has Zerubbabel
brought home yet 'to his asylum tht
chaplets of laurel bestowed upon him
by worshipers at conclaves far afield. •
For it is a custom so old that the
memory of man runneth not to the
contrary that Zerubbabel must be left
behind when the returning cavalcades
throw forth their beauseants to the".
"Western breeze.
Thus it was that the reign of Zerub
babel I over Golden Gate Commandery
terminated in St. Louis after the con
clave of 1S86; Zerubbabel II in Wash
ington In 18S9; Zerubbabel III, Den-,
ver; Zerubbabel IV, Boston; Ze
rubbabel V, Pittsburg, and Zerub
babel VI, in Louisville, and now it.
is ur> to Zerubbabel VII to maintain;
the dignity and pomp of his exalted ;
station when in the grand parade he*
heads the knightlv host. «
four others, asking permission to form
a drill corps, to serve in connection
with the commandery in importing
Templar and military knowledge. The
knowledge sained through this instru
mentality soon made itself felt, not
alone in the commandery work, but
also in the outside influence upon the
order. Under the able instruction of
Sir Knight Sumn er the drill corps of
Golden Gate in a short time won tro
phies for excellence. The corps is still
one of the features of thia command
ery. It Is now under the captaincy of
Sir Knight Colonel William Edwards,
a very competent drillmaster, and it
is always Teady to give good account
of Its work.
The financial condition of Golden
Gate is just what it might be expected
to be under the guidance of so many
able business men. After disposing of
Golden Gate Hall the commandery
purchased a valuable lot in the "West
ern Addition in contemplation of erect
ing thereon a temple. This project,
however, is for the present in abey
ance until it may be finally determined
whether or not the several Masonic
bodies will unite in erecting a Masonic
Temple comporting with the character
and greatness of the city. The present
Masonic Temple is no longer suitable
to accommodate the growing needs cf
Masonry. It is hoped that by a union
of the Masonic bodies, San Francisco
may, in the near future, have a temple
superior to any in the land. It is cer
tain that Golden Gate will do its part
in this as she has in all things tend
ing to the interest of the order and of
humanity.
The commandery is taking a very
active part in the preparations for the
entertainment of visitors to the ap
proaching conclave and fully intends
to add greatly to laurels heretofore
won. : ".y.~
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL!
5Continued on Page 7.
*y* T no time in the history of this,
f \ perhaps of any other State, were
1~~~| the benign influences and bene-
X factions of Masonry more need-
ed or more effective for good
than during the days of the early pio
neers of California. At that time, as
now, California numbered among its
inhabitants people of every nation and
clime, the kind offices of women were
wanting, distress and sickness pre
vailed, the blessings of home life were
comparatively unknown.
Among the early pioneers there were
good men and true, thoroughly imbued
with the teachings and principles of
Masonry; men who had seen and ap
preciated the great benefactions of the
order; men who realized that in health
us well as in times of distress, sick
iH'ZS and death.brutherly love and affec
tion, the administering of relief in dis
tress, the performing of the last sad
offices that the Jiving one to the dead,
the companionship and association so
desirable ajid necessary In human Hie,
the mutual aid and protection required
by the environment of the time, were
ml needed. Realizing and anticipating
those needs, a. few earnest Masons un
dertook the beneficent task of establish
ing Masonic lodges upon these Western
bbores. The first great Masonic mis
sionary v. ho came to California was the
brave, heroic, hardy and determined
Brother Peter Lassen. a native of Den
mark but an adopted son of America.
He, in company with David D. Dutton.
a. devout Mason, late of Vacaville, So
lano Oountv. with whom the writer of
this sketch was Intimately acquainted,
and a few others, landed at Bodega in
1840. They remained at Bodega for a
few days and then came to Yerba
Buena, now San Francisco. ,,'-*- > ; ;"¦-¦'
Brother Lassen went thence to Sa.n
Jose and spent the winter of 1840
working at his trade, that of bluck-
Mnith. Later he obtained a grant o?
land, which lie selected in .what Is
now Tehama County. He came- to Te
hama County in 1845, laid out a town
which he named Benton City, and de
termined to establish a Masonic iodge
at his home. Brother Lasseu gave his
name to that grand mountain which
r*ars its crest far up beyond the
clouds toward heaven known as Las
pen's Peak. It stands with Its snow
tapped summit as an enduring monu
ment to the virtues and the purity -of
ihls honored Mason. Las3en*s ranch
boon became a well known landmark
nud the habitat of true Masonic hos
pitality. In 1S47 Brother Lassen re
turned to. Missouri for the avowed
purpose of bringing' back to Califor
nia a train of emigrants and if .pos
sible a charter for a Masonic lodge.
Tn Missouri Saschel Woods and others
joined with him in an application to
the Grand Lodge of Missouri for a
charter to establish h lodge in Califor
nia. The application was granted and
the charter was issued May 10, 1848.
with the title of Western Star Lodge
Xo. 9S Inserted. This charter named
Brother Saschel Woods as worship
ful master, L. E. Stewart as senior
warden and Peter Lassen as Junior
warden. This lodge was located 'at
Benton City. It was opened as a.
lodge under the charter on the 30th
day of October, 1849, the first lodge
instituted in whgt is now the State of
After due deliberation it was resolved
by the assemblage to proeeeU with the'
organization of a. Grand j_odge tor the
titaie ul caliiorniu. . xn pursuance of
vhis resolution a comiuiUue composed
of Brothers Charles Gilmon, J. U. Ste
venson, john A. Tutt, J. H. Cihon and
'ihomas E. Gray was- appointed tu
dratt a constitution for . the Grand
Lodge. On the 19th .day of April, 1S5U,
the committee: reportea. Their report
was unanimously udupted. Thus was
instituted the Grand Lodge ot Califor
nia, a Grand Lodge destined to take
high rank in the yalaxy ot Grand
Lodges upon the American continent.
A ii- election lor officers under this
constitution having beeu held resulted
in the choice of Brothers Jonathan D.
Stevenson as grand master, John A.
Tutt as deputy grand master. Caleb
Fenner as senior grand %varden, Sas
chel Woods as junior grand warden,
Berryman Jennings as grand treasurer
and John H. Gihon as grantl secretary,
.and these officers, were duly installed.
On the same day Connecticut Lodge
was recognized as a legally constituted
lodge unoe-r the jurisdiction of Califor
nia, by the name of Tehama Lodge;
Western Star Lodge was recognized as
a legally constituted lodge, . retaining
its Original name;, and California
Ludge was recognized us a legally con
stituted lodge with privilege to retain
the name which it had at the time If it
eo desired. On this day also a charter
was granted to New .Jersey Lodge, by
tho name of Berrvman Lodge, which
name was, "at the first annual commu
nication of the Grand Lodge, changed
to Jennings Lodge, No. 4. The grand
master was authorized to issue a char
ter to Benlcia Lodge on the approval of
its records. This was done and Cali
fornia had now five duly constituted
lodges.
The Grand Lodge of California con- 1
vened . in annual session for the first
time on the 7th day of May, 1S50. Grand
Master Stevenson, beirtfc unable to at
tend, presented a brief but comprehen
sive communication, from which we
excerpt the introductory paragraph :
Brethren: The formation of a Grand
I^odge for the State of California should
be a subject of sincere congratulation to
every Mason here and elsewhere; for prob- ¦ ¦
ably ln.no part of the habitable globe has
Its usefulness I been made so - manifest as ;
in thlB country within the past year. Al
ready does California number among Ha
inhabitants persons of • every nation and-,
clime known to the .civilized : world, all
seeking, by enterprise and Industry,- to Im
prove their condition in life; . and -it not
unfrequently happens that --within . the
distance of a ¦ few hundred ¦ yards .. of a
mining district there will be found many
penaim laborinK together , who are stran
gers in language, heart and feelings; but
if they be members of our. ancient order,
each Is the master of. a language that all
can understand, and there at once springs,
up that deep feeling of • fraternal affection
which has ever 'Bo distinctly, marked and
distinguished the -'members -of '.the Ma
tonic fraternity above all others; for. as
"a member of this order, no one can be a
Htranger ' among his > brethren — no ; one f can
¦ be in sickness or affliction without, some
one ministering to his wants. and contrib- '
utlng to his comforts— and, nowhere Is this :
holy fellowship and . brotherly", love -more
¦ frequently called, into requisition' than in
thU land . of gold ; and : promise ; :> for ¦ no- -
where is. man more, dependent ..upon his
fellow man for all the , necessary comforts
of life than in California; and so often has.
the benign influence of the • Masonic order
been witnessed ¦ and - felt in ; various • parts '
of. this country, as well in health as in
the dreary hours of sickness and' death,
that all who have '.witnessed -those Influ
ence* have ' learned properly , to appreciate
the benefits ; of the institution • in - a com
munity like ours. , . ;
In the absence of Grand Master
California, although not the first on
the Pacific- Coast, a lodge having been
instituted at Oregon City in Oregon
on the 11th day of September, 184 8.
The good Brother Peter Lassen lost
his life In 1859. shot to death by Piute
Indians. His body was recovered near
Pyramid Lake and was burled at Hon
ey Lake, on his own ranch. The place
where rest the mortal remains of this
good man is marked by a monument
erected by the citizens and testifying
to their affection and respect for the
noble pioneer, whose kind heart and
noble integrity as a' man and Mason
had won the hearts of all. The grand
old Lassen's Peak, with Us beautiful
snow, svmbol of purity— a monument
erected by the Supreme Architect.— will
forever bear testimony to his goodness
and worth.
A charter, bearing date of November
9. 1848, under the name of California
Lodge No. 13, was Issued by the Grand
Lodge of the District of Columbia.
This charter authorized Brothers Levi
Stowell as worshipful master; William
Van Voorhies, as senior warden, and
B. F. McDougall, as junior warden." to
open and hold a lodge in the city of
San Francisco. In conformity, with
this authority. Brother Stowell opened
the lodge in San Francisco in October,
1S4U. ¦-:'¦,
On January 31. 1S49, the Grand Lodge
of Connecticut issued a charter grant
ing full power to Brothers Caleb Fen
ner, as worshipful master; James W.
Gc-odrich, as senior warden, and Elizur
HubbeU. as junior warden, to open and
hold<i lodge In the Territory of Cali
fornia. In conformity with thu au
thority granted, a lodge wa3 opened
by Brother Fenner in the city of Sac
ramento, under the name of Connecti
cut Lodge No. 75. 0
Besides these three regularly char
tered lodges, there were two others-
New Jersey Lodge, located at. Sacra
ntento under a dispensation granted by
the deputy grand master of the. State
of New Jersey: and Benlcia Lodge, un
tJer a dispensation from the Independ
ent Grcnd Lod^e of Louisiana.
On the 17th day of April, l$50, pur
suant to notice duly given, delegates
from the aforenamed lodges assembled
in the city of Sacramento for the pur
pose-of forming a Grand Lodge. The
delegates from Western Star Lodge,
No. 98 of Benton City, were Brothers
J. Wilcoxon, Thomas E. Groz and ,C.
Clarke; from California Lodge No. 13
of San Francisco, Brothers Charles
Gilman, J. D. Stevenson and John H.
Gihon; from Connecticut Lodge No.
75 of Sacramento, Brothers John A.
Tutt, L. J. Wilder and B. B. Gore;
from New Jersey Lodge, U.' D., of Sac
ramento, Brothers W. N. Doughty,
Berryman Jennings and A. G. Hartt,
and from Benicia Lodge, U. D., Broth
er B. D. Hyam.
Brother, Charles L. Gilman of San
Francisco, a past grand master of
Maryland, was chosen as chairman of
the convention and Brother B. D. Hy
am as secretary. Under what is known
as the "American Doctrine" it was nec
essary that there should be present. the
representatives of at least three.reg
ularly chartered lodges in any State to
entitle such, State to establish a Grand
Lodge. Consequently New Jersey. Lodge
and B<>nicla Lodge, not being chartered
lodges, could not participate" in form
ing the Grand Lodge of California; the
delegates Iwere, however, invited to
take part in the deliberations of the
convention. ¦; ....•.,
Stevenson, the' deputy grand master,
John A. Tutt. presided. Five lodges
were represented' at the" communica
tion and a charter was granted to an
other — Sutter Lodge No. 6. California
Lodge has been enrolled upon the* reg
ister of the Grand Lodge as No, 1,
Western Star us No. 2 and Tehama as
No. 3. It is claimed by many that
Western . Star should have had '¦" the
honor of being No. V. its charter.hav
ing been granted prior to that of Cali
fornia. We have been unable to find
any record of the reason for this
ranking of these two lodges. Western
{¦Star Lodge was originally located at
Benton City, but is now located at
Shasta, in Shasta County. This lodge
OUT
LINE
OF
FREE
MA
SONRY
IN
CALI
FORNIA
BY
J.W.
ANDER
SON,
PAST
GRAND
LEC
TURER
OF
THE
GRAND
LODGE
ing lodges, with a membership of
30.000. Altogether there have been
organized In the State 364 lodges, of
which 73 have, by consolidation and
other causes, ceased to exist. The
Masonic institution is In a most flour
ishing condition. Indeed, there seems
to be danger of Masonry becoming: too
popular, and there would be danger
were it not for the fact that the mem
bers are conservative and ; generally
exercise great .care in regard to the
character of those who seek to pass
the portals of the lodges.
- Since the organization of the Grand
has been tried in the fires, but it has
nobly striven aud is still a flourishing
lodge. Its officers and members may
well feel proud of. the splendid record
that - it has made. Brother . Saschel
Woods,' ' the first master of the. lodge,
died in 1854, and the Grand Lodge, in
recognition of; his worth and useful
ness, erected a monument, thus per
petuating the memoYy of -the first
master of a Masonic, lodge in this
State. <v * ;- ¦ , . ¦ '
•At the semi-annual communication
of the Grand Lodge, held on the 2Sth
day of November. 1850, there were re
ported eleven lodges, with a member
ship of 258. i. On the first of August.
1904, there were reported 291 work-
C~pf HE reign of the Knights Templar
I began early in California and, like
] the bay leaf, it has flourished and
' JL waxed exceedingly strong. It
niWt be admitted in the early days
there v.as plenty of room for improve
ment among the settlers, and when
Knights who had come into a strange
land proposed a grand commandery
here the idea was hailed with delight
and quickly acted upon.
Pursuant to previous agreement, the
representatives of the three commartd
c-ries and the appendant orders exist
ing in the State, which, by the way.
were under charters from the Grand
Encampment of the United States, as
sembled in the asylum of San Fran
cisco Commandery No. 1. at the city of
San Francisco, on Tuesday, the 10th
day of August, 1S58. for the purpose of
organizing a grand commandery. of
Knights Templar in the State of Cali
fornia.
At this time there were three char
tered commanderies — California No. 1,
which had a membership of fifty-three;
Sacramento No. 2, with sixty members
enrolled, and Pacific No. 3, with but
seventeen members all told. The total
number was 130, while In January, 1904,
there were forty-two chartered com
manderies and some 4599 members. So
you see the growth of the Knights in
this State has not been slow nor has
it been forced.
Sir Alexander G. Abell. commander of
San Francisco Commandery No. 1,
stated the object of the convocation,
and it was upon his motion that Sir
Isaac Davis, commander of Sacra
mento Commandery No. 2, was invited
to preside during its deliberations.
On motion of Sir John S.. Graham,
commander of Pacific Commandery. No.
3, Sir Alexander G. Abeli was appointed
recorder of the convocation, and at the
same time it was ordered that a com
mittee, of .three be appointed to ex
amine'the credentials of those claiming
scats in this convocation. - These
Knights were Sir .Leander Ransom,
Sir John S. Graham and Sir George
I. N." Monell. who. after a brief session,
presented the following report, which
is the best early history of the com
mandery that I have any knowledge of:
"To the convocation now in session:
The committee appointed to examine
the credentials of those claiming^ to be
the representatives in this cbjivocatlon
of the several commanderies "injv the
State of California, having .'Jilul»;*ln
specttd the charters and r*ecof<js of
thosa bodies and • the certificates' pre-
THE
PRO
GRESS
OF
TEM
PLARISM
IN
CALI
FORNIA
BY
RIGHT
EMINENT
SIR
JACOB
HART
NEFF,
EX-LIEU
TENANT
GOV
ERNOR
OF
CALI
FORNIA
sentad by their respective delegates,
respectfully report thereon as follows:
"On the 10th day of November, 1852, a
dispensation was issued. by Sir Charles
W. Moore, grand generalissimo of
the Grand Encampment of the Uni
ted States, to Sir Gregory Yale, com-:
mander; -Sir William B. Wakeman,'
generalissimo; Sir Abram . Bartol, cap
tain general, and other Knights named
therein, authorizing them to open and
hold, -an- encampment ' of Knights
Templar and the appendant orders In
the city of San Francisco, to be known
and designated as San Francisco En
campment No.- L That body held its
first assembly and was duly organized
on the 22d day • of December of .that
year and on the 1st day of November,
1853, a charter was granted to it by
the Grand Encampment.
"On the 23d day of May,*1853. a dis
pensation was issued by Sir William B.
Hubbard, grand master of the Grand
Encampment .aforesaid, to * Sir Isaac
Davis, commander; Sir Jesse Merrill,
generalissimo; Sir Townsend A.
Thomas, captain general, and other
Knights, authorizing them to open and
hold a like encampment in the city of
Sacramento, „ to be . known and desig
nated as Sacramento Encampment No.
2. That body held its first assembly
and was duly, organized on the 5th day
of July, of the same year, and on the
6th ..day of February, 1854, a charter
was granted to it by the Grand En
campment. . , •
"On the 20th day of February, 1856, a
dispensation was Issued by. Sir William
B. Hubbard, grand, master of the
Grand Encampment a'fof esaid. to Sir
John S. Graham, commander; Sir Stilj
man H. Flckett, generalissimo; Sir
James W. Marshall, captain general,
and other Knights therein named, au
thorizing them- to open and hold a like
encampment' in the city of Columbia,
Tuolomne County, to be known and
designated as Pacific Encampment No.
«. That body held Its first assembly
and was duly organized on the' 27th.
day of May, nextsensulng, and on the
10th day of September of the same year
a charter was granted to it by the'
Grand Encampment. - f;.
"All these bodies, now known as
commanderies, appear to have .held
their elections regularly since the re
ception of their several charters, to
have had their officers duly installed
and to have been engaged uninter
ruptedly in the performance of the
duties for which they 'were instituted,
and they are now properly - repre
sented in this convocation as follows:
"San Francisco No. 1 — Sir Alexander
G. Abell, commander; Sir Charles E.
Blake, proxy for the generalissimo; Sir
Eli Cook, captain general; Sir Leander
Ransom, past commander. ¦ t • .
•'Sacramento. No. 2-7-Sir Isaac Davis,
commander; Sir Geor<re I. N. Monell.
proxy for the generalissi:. >\ Sir" "Ed
ward H. Evans, proxy for the captain
general.
"Pacific No. 3 — Sir John S. Graham,
commander; Sir Stillman H. Fickett,
geneialissimo; Sir J. C. Russell, prdxy
lor the captain general."
This report was duly received , and
resulted in allTemplars in good stand-
Ing belns invited in a body to be pres
ent during the- deliberations of the con
vocation. .'
The real history of any large con
cern must of necessity be dry, but
where facts are wanted there is not
very much space for flowery speeches,
and, of a truth they? are; not .even/
apropos. .Perhaps the original petition"
that was submitted to the GrandfEn-.
Jcampment might be of more" than ordi- ¦
When Bernard said "Ye cover your
horses with silken trappings and I
know not how much fine cloth hangs
pendent from your coat of mail," he
did not mean that the Templars were
not brave and good, but that all this
pomp and display would be of 1.0 :d
vantage to them spiritually, and he
was somewhat afraid that the "painted
spears, the bridles and spurs adorned
with gold, silver and precious gems,"
would have a demoralizing effect upon
them. "Three things," he said, "are
indispensably necessary to the success
of a soldier; he must be bold, active
and circumspect: quick in running,
prompt In striking." And in this he
gave excellent advice. Certainly no
man could go far wrong in accepting
it as his code. In fact, were I asked to
advise a young man I could give him
no better rule to follow, unless, per
hops. it be Martin Luther's beautiful
prayer which seems to sum up all
things—
'Our God, our Father! with us stay.
And make us keep thy narrow way:
Free us from sin. and all its power:
Give us a joyful dylnghour:
Deliver us from Satan's arts.
And let us build our hopes on thee;
Down Jn our very heart of heatts.
Oh God. may we true servants be;
And serve thee ever perfectly!
Help us with all thy children here.
, To fight and flee with holy fear:
Flee from temptation, and to fight
With thy own weapons for the right.
Amen! Amen! £0 let it be;
'- So shall we ever sing to thee. .
Hallelujah!
ley. 1S63; William Caldwell Belch
er.- ; 1864; Henry Halcombe K n f e ,^
1S65; William Mason Rundell.
1S66; Isaac Sutvene Titus, 18o«.
William Franklin Knox. two 7****!
1868-69; Charles Louis Wiggin. 18<0;
Fred Ferdinand Barss. 1S71; William
Wilson Traylor, 1872; Thomas Herbert
Caswell. 1S73; William Abraham Da
vies, 1874; Henry Sayre Orme. lS.o:
Hiram Throop Graves, three years,
1876^78; Alfred A. Redington. 1879;
Bruce Benjamin Lee. 18S0; Edward
Richard Hedges, 1S81; Charles Fayette
Lott, 1882; George Clement Perkins,
18S3; William Monroe Petrie. 1S84: Phil
ip. Walter Keyser. 1SS5; Reuben Hedley
Lloyd, two years. 18S6-S7; Tristan Bur
ges, 1888; Carnot Courtland Mason,
1889; Samuel Hopkins Wagner. 1890;
George Ashbury Johnson, 1S91; Jacob
Hart Neff, 1892; William Vanderhurst.
1S93; Frank William Sumnc:. 1S94; Ed
ward Spalding Lippitt, 1895; Trow
bridge Heyer Ward, 1896; George
Pixon Metcalf, 1897; Robert Morris
Powers. 189S; John Francis Merrill.
1S99; Fred Marvin Miller, 1900;
George Butterfield McKee. 1901;
Frank Pierce, 1902; William Durant
Knight. 1903; W. Frank Pierce, 1904
(reflected).
Of course, there 13 mucli about the
order that is ornamental and flowery,
but there Is infinitely more that is good
and solid and true. In the olden days
pilgrims were welcomed everywhere
and In return for the hospital
ity they received they were
only asked their prayers. Unfor
tunately this does not hold good to
day. While the pilgrims are undoubt
edly welcomed, they are not treated as
courteously by strangers unless they
chance to wear the mystic token, and
then it becomes a duty to help a fel
low brother. It is true hospitals are
built upon the banks of rivers, upon
the heights of mountains and in th«
midst of cities, but they are not for
the pilgrims themselves, but for their
wives and daughters, for it is one of
the first duties of a Knight to expose
himself to a thousand dangers to aid
the helpless and the poor.
nary interest to the new Knights of
to-day. At any rate, it will serve as
an example of how things were carried
on in '53: . ¦-;>"-¦"£ '¦'-'¦
'I'o the Most Eminent William C.
Hubbard, Grand Master of Knights
Templar in the United States: The
petition of the undersigned, officers of
three (encampments) commanderies cf
Knights .Templar now existing ln-the
State of California, under charter from
the Grand Encampment of Knights
Templar of the United States of Amer
ica, respectfully showeth:
"That on the first day of November,
A. D. 1S53, San Francisco (encamp
ment) Commandery No. 1, held In the
city of San Francisco, was chartered
by the above named grand body; that
on the sixth day of February. A. D.
1854, Sacramento (encampment) Com
mandery No. 2, held in the city of Sac
ramento, was chartered by the same
grand body; that on the tenth day of
September, A. D. 1856, Pacific (encamp
ment) Commandery No. 0. held in the
city of Columbia, was chartered by the
same supreme body; and that since the
reception of those several charters th*
three (encampments) commanderies
above named, having had their officer*
duly installed, have been regularly anil
constantly at work under the said au
thority, and -have- endeavored in all
things to comply with the constitution
and regulations of the Grand Encamp*
ment of the United States, and to pro
mote the Interests and further the
proper extension of Christian chivalry
within their respective jurisdictions.
"This petition of the undersigned
showeth: That it is believed. that th«»
good of the order in this State and
the , convenience of its members will
be greatly consulted and promoted by
the establishment of a Grand Com
mandery; and, as each of the comman
deries fiefore named have, at different
times since the reception of their sev
eral charters, adopted resolutions ex
pressive of their ardent desire for the
formation of such a grand body, the
undersigned, the regularly elected and
installed officers of these bodies, prom
ising obedience to the grand master
and the Grand Encamnment in all
things appertaining to the order, re
spectfully request that you will "1ssu«
your' warrant, authorizing the estab
lishment and continuance of a Grand
Commandery -of Knights Templar for
.the State of California." r
. This petition was signed by the offi
cers • of the three commanderies and
was sent from- San Francisco the 20th
of April, 1858. Of course, while the
warrant was - expected, it was by, no
manner of means a foregone conclu
sion and all members of the comman
deries were considerably relieved when
it really came.
And this was the way the Grand
Conimandefy of Knights Templar com
menced its first conclave in San Fran
cisco the 11th of August, 1858. For some
reason or other people seem to have
got the idea that the commanderies had
some early difficulties to contend with,
but so far as I know there was nothing
of the kind. All was smooth sailing.
Many of the most prominent men of the
State, were Knights, and as all were
vastly interested and did all they could
to promote the order it stands to reason
that ; it prospered and grew strong and
influential. ¦ The commanders have been
men of strength and ability, as will be
seen .from glancing at the. list from the
first commander to the one of the pres
ent day. for. they have been as follows:
Isaac Davis, 1858; Leander Ransom^
1859: James Laurence English. 1860;
Alex Gurdon Abell. ¦¦ 1861; Charles
Marsh, 1862; Henry Hare Hart-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
6Lodge its destinies and Hhe interests
of '.Masonry in .the' State :have been
presided over by\thlrty-seven t different
grand masters. As. the. character of
the institution- is greatly measured by
the ability and ' character- of these,
grand masters, it :mayvnot be* out of
place to name them; they. are as fol
lows: Colonel Jonathan D. Stevenson,
1S50; John A*., Tutt, 1851:^Benjamin
D. Hyman, 1852; Charles 'M., Radcllff,
1&53; .William H:- Howard, ;J854-5-6;
N. Greene Curtis, 1857-8-9-60; James
L. English. ' 1861; ' William Caldwell
Belcher, 1862-3-;4; Gilbert Claiborne,
1866-6; William- A. Davles, 1867;
Charles Marsh, 1868; Leonidas >E.
Pratt, "1869-70-1-2; Isaac S. Titus,
1868; George«C. Perkins, 1864; Jcjhn
"Mills Brown, 1865-6-7-8; William fW.
'Traylor, 1879;: Samuel C. '.Denspn,
1880; Clay Taylor, 1 8 3 1!-2 ;
Jonathan- D: Hines,, 1883-4; "Wiley: J.
Tinnin, 1885; Edmund Clement Atkin
son^ 1886; Hiram \N. Rucker, ,1887;
Morris M." Estee, 1888-9; Alvah Rus
pell Conklin.-, 1890; William Johnston,
1891;. Charles Roy Gritman, 1892;
Henry Sayre Orme, 1893; ,James
Batinty Stevens, 1894 ; j Edward ; Myer.s
Preston^' 1895; .William Thomas Lucas,
1896; Thomas Flint. Jr., 1897;;Fra*hlc
Marion Angellottf,. 1898; Charles^'L.
Patton, 18D0; James A. Foshay, 1900;
William .Sewall Wells, 1901; Orrin *S.
Henderson, 1902; Charles ,W.* Nuttjng,'
the incumbent, 1903. 'The Angfel
of Death has called for *¦ all ' of
these, except; Gilbert -B.'- Claiborne,
William A:: Davles, George C Perkins,
Samuel C. Denson/ -Wiley J. Tlnnln,
Edmund C. Atkinson. Hiram NV; Ruck
er, William Johnston, .Henry Sayre
Orme, James B. Stevens, William T.
Lucas, Thomas . Flint Jr., Frank M.
Angellotti, Charles L. Patton, James
A. Foshay, William S. Wells, Orrin S.
Henderson and Charles W. Nutting.
Since the organization of the Grand
Lodge but eight brethren have occu
pied the position of -grand treasurer—
Levi Stowell, one year; T. A. Thomas,
one year; Addison Martin, nine years;
James Laidley, sixteen years; Moses
Heller, eight years; N. W. Spaulding,
.eight years; Edward .Coleman, the
incumbent, eleven years.
But four different persons have . oc
..cupied the position -of grand secretary
| — John H. Gihon,' one yearrLevi Stow
.Vell, five years; Alexander G. Abell,
}thirty-flve years;- Gebrge J'ohnson, the
;T present efficient officer,' fourteen years.
• Among- other. prominent; officers may
be named Henry Hare Hartley, Theo
:, dore G. Cockrili;,. Charles .L. Wiggin,
" Jphn Quincy Adams,.: Sasher , Woods.
John R. McConnell, Richard F. \ Knott,
. Samuel A. Merritt.Atvinza Hay ward,
1 Jacob Hart Neff , .Henry ; Hay i- Knapp,
< Marcus D. Bcrruck.- George W.' Hunter,
Motley H. Flint,; Edward Henry Hart.
i-» This brier sketch of • the history of
'.Masonry in California would-be incom
- plete without 'reference^ to two of its
'/most important benefactions. It Ia-a
teaching of the institution of
\ Masonry that every lodge. is under,obli
" gallon to minister to .the. relief of -.- Its
'own' membership,., and also the relief
-'•of the distressed "or destitute of -any
pother lodge wherever, located, while so
journing in its ; jurisdiction. ;,In cities
eral lodges of the State outside of those
composing the boards of relief, Ma
sons and the widows and orphans of
Masons belonging to other jurisdictions,
and also the sum expended by the 291
'lodges of the State for the • relief of
their own members. It is needless to
say that Masonry in California is doing
a great work.
In 1S90 the Grand Lodge adopted a
series of .resolutions looking to the
founding, of a Masonic Home for the
nurture and the intellectual, moral and
physical -culture of the children of de
ceased Master Masons of the State, and
as >a -temporary- asylum for poor and
distressed Masons and the widows of
deceased Masons. In 1891 the Grand
Lodge adopted a resolution providing
for the appointment of a board of trus
tees whose duty it should be to prgan
ize such home. This board organized
in 1892 and at once began the arduous
undertaking. Suffice it to say that in
due time the home was established, a
palatial structure was erected at De
coto, in Alameda. County, and Califor
nia now has ! a Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' ; Home, well equipped, and
serving a most beneflcient purpose. The
Masons of the State have great pride
in the home and seem disposed, with
one accord, to "Ive to- it the support
which it requires. .Already some of the
noble-hearted brethren have made lib
eral donations;. the ladles of the State
contribute liberally; through the liber
ality 'of \ particular brethren- additional
structures ¦ have < been 7 erected; and It
now ranks among the best, of this class
of charitable institutions in the land.
Masonry -In 'California, with equal
foot, advances with every other interest
of the State.
having more than one lodge, each of
the "lodges Is under the same obligation.
In ordsr properly to distribute the bur
dens imposed upon j the lodges in San
Francisco, and to. enable them to dis
pense more equitably their charities, as
well as to guard against imposition on
the part' of Improper applicants, the
masters of five of the seven lodges lo
cated in San Francisco, in 1855 formed
a compact and organized a Masonic
Board of Relief. ' :. .
This board has regularly held itsmeet-
Inr every, Saturday evening from Its
inceptlc-n to tHe present time. If is not
in the po^weY of pen to depict its bane
faction In administering relief, burying
the dead and comforting and cafing for
the widows and orphans cf 'Masons.
The expenditures of the board have
yearly increased, until in 1903 they had
reached the munificent sum , of $13,
987 16. The total expenditures, of the
board during the fifty years' of its. ex
istence for charity has amounted to
$389,046 07, while its incidental ex
penses have only amounted ; to $42,
283 58, or less than an average of '. $850
per annum. This :is ;;the monetary
record ; the - record ; of , its -other chari
ties cannot be;estlmated. \
Since the formation ot the San Fran
cisco boards, similar bodies^ have, been
established - in • Los Angeles? Oakland.
Stockton, San Diego, Sacramento and
San Jose.; .All' the .bbards," in addition
to moneys Icbntributedby the assenting
lodges, Rre liberally (assisted Kfr 7 the
Grand Lodge. , It will 'afford some idea
of the work done by $ these "boards to
state that in : 1903 ; the '' entire < sum -" ex
pended • by all ' amounted-.; to V $24,391 33:
To this sum is to be added the several
amounts expended" in relief by the sev-
OUTIilNE OF FREE MASONRY IN CALIFORNIA
Continued' From Page 6.
m
*~~ > \ TJKING the latter portion of the
I I eleventh century the religious
\J cmlvuriasts of Europe turned
their eyes toward the shrine. of
cur Savior, cr.d It '.vcn a common be
lief that a pilsrimajre "to Jerusalem
v. cs CKScniial for their spiritual .wel
fare. Many thouFaids made the h il
srina?i' :<< ¦ !'•••!• rtin;.-. but so vreat
wore Hie harchhips of the Juurr.ey and
-.. c^rceit-u;: i.« :e ihy hordts iliat ifi
;>>?!•..d th: ruads itadins from the
aitrthrrn' countries to the Jewish capi
tal Ihii Christian fcnlshts frequently;
r.c-ior::ra:j:ed these bands of pious pil
j;::ms '.r. ore\r iu afford them protce-'
lien. Fuy!; duty was in accord with thr
spirit •>; Christian chivalry and in or
ttr. tfce-ntyre effectually to. "accomplish
this purp's*c r.ino French knights in
the rear 1113 banded themselves -as a
brotherhood 1 in anus to protect Ihe in
r-ocent, succor the helpless and avenge
The nar»i< k of these nine founders
; f the ord^r were: Huro de Paganis.
Uodfefroi dt- St. Aldemar.' Archibald de
F.L An-.an, Anc'.rc de Montbar." Gur.de
rr.ar. "Godtfroi JJisol, Iicral, Faganus de
Montdidier. and the- Count of Provence.
Iit-fore the Patriarch' of Jerusalem
they took the usual vows of poverty,
chastity a:id obedience, and were
given as a residence a part of the pal
ace of the Latin kings of Jerusalem,
which, fcefors -the conquest of the city
during the first crusade, had been the
Mosque of Mount Moriah. The palace
was a!?o known as Solomon's Temple,
and this circumstance gave them the
name of Templars. The knishts.desis
nat-td themselves as "Poor Fellow Sol-,
diers of Christ," "Brethren -of the Or
der of the Temple." "Brethren of the
Soldiery of the Temple," and "Pau
peres Comrnilitones Christi Tcmpli Sa
lcnionici." and in after years these des-.
ignations were abbreviated into
Knights Templar.'
The first grand master was Hugo de
Paganis. and in answer 'to his petition
tbat this little band of knights be per-'
mitted to form a military and religious
order. Pope Honorius the Second ap
proved that request and referred him
to the ecclesiastical council, then in
cession at Troves, which entertained
the petition and directed St. Bernard
to prepare the necessary rules for the
government of the new order.
This code of laws is still in existence,
and enjoins severe religious exercises,
fasting and prayer. The daily life and
even the thousht of the Sir Knight is
prescribed. The order increased rap^
idly in numbers and Influence, many of
the members coming from the noblest
families In Europe. Kings and nobles
praised their zeal and granted liberal
gifts of money, goods and ( land, so that
¦within a generation their preceptories
and homes were established within
every Christian country. At first the
organization of the " order was very
simple, but In less than a century num
bers and "wealth caused the manner of
government to become' more compli
cated and a gradual change in the or
ganization of the'orde'r created classes
of membership, which were known as
knights, chaplains and serving breth
ren. : ,
Those who desired admission as
Knights were obliged to prove that
they sprang from a knightly family,
that they were born In lawful wedlock,
that they were not connected with any,;
other order of knighthood and were free
from previous obligations, unmarried,
end had sound and .healthy constitu- v
tions. In the Templar army were often
bodies of men enlisted for a campaign"
or for a term of . service, and in such
forces the Knights acted as officers or
leaders. "?». ¦
In A. D. 1162 Pope Alexander III
granted the Templars permission to re
ceive Into their houses spiritual per
sons, the "chaplains," wbo were not
bound by any previous obligations.
Their vows on their ." reception were
somewhat similar to those of the
Knights, and j they performed all reli
gious offices and officiated as priests at
the ceremonies of the order.
The serving brethren were sup
posed to be free born, and at times in
cluded men of wealth and high posi-;
tion. They were divided into brethren
at-arms and handicraft brethren. The
former composed the. bulk of the Tem
plar army, and were often promoted to
the honors a of knighthood. The latter
class remained in the preceptories and
exercised their various trades, such as
farriers and armorers. • y .,*
These three classes constituted the*
recognized order of the Temple. There
was., however, a class known as - the
"Affiliati" or Affiliated. These were
persons of both, sexes who had an in
terest in the order and werei '.eja-,
titled to- Its protection... There , l wae
also another class called the "Do
. hates" or " "Donats," comppsed ;'-\ of.
young men destined for service in the
order, or_ influential citizens who had'
contributed to the Templar treasury.
THE following historical
account or the early Tem
plars is from the ix*n of
Uh;hl Eminent Sir Frank
William Sumncr, past grand
rocintandcr of the (irtmd Com
nsr-ntlcry of California, rcprc
prntatlye of tl-.c ;cr:uid m:i«tcr of
Uw C :•.»:«! Encampment for the
risrhtccntli district, embracing
Gtlirrirnla! Washington. Oregon
::nd tlie Hawaiian Territory, and
the nuti.or of "SiimnerV T:u>
liv.-V* tlip oJIkial drill manual
for the Jur&IictloQ of Califor-
With the destruction of the Templars
in France other nations made attacks
on the order, confiscating its .estates,
imprisoning or driving away the Temp
lars and virtually blotting out the ex
istence of the order. . The Knights, flee
ing, from their priories, sought refuge
wherever a friendly, harbor could be
found. Quite a number made their
way to Scotland, as.Jn that land the
Templars had suffered no persecution,
and while there joined or united with
the Order of St. John of Jerusalem,
upon which the confiscated lands of the
Templars had been bestowed. Some
followed the fortunes and placed them
selves under the protection of Charles
Edward the Pretender, who became, or
was styled, grand master, and to thi3
circumstance some of the degrees in
the Scottish Rite probablr owe their
existence. Some members of the order
took, refuge in religious houses and
others retired to private life, but in
all cases the Templars retained the old
religious training, with continued
fidelity to the principles of the order,
and won esteem and good will in what
ever station they were placed.
It has been suggested that no* direct
authority or title can be traced from
the old order to the present one. which
is so potential in the United States,
but there sejems to , be authentic evi
dence that the existence of the order
never disappeared. So great and so
powerful an organization as Templar
ism could never have died without
leaving Its traces and its influence on
the existing conditions of society at
that time and in the subsequent ages.
The Knights of the Temple became
affiliated with the Knights of St. John,
and, without doubt, members of these
orders at times received the degrees of
Freemasonry. In such cases they
proved valuable members and at all
times aided the cause with their coun
.sel, purse and sword. Part of the
present authority for the existence of
the order cpmes from the English
priories in Bristol, Bath, York, Salis
bury and London. The persecution of
the Templars in England was never
severe, although these priories, except
the two first named, were broken- up
and their members dispersed.
The Encampment or Baldwyn at
Bristol continued Its organization, ac
cepted the doctrines of the established
church, and from time to time created
Knights of the Temple and of St. John.
The claims of this encampment appear
to be well founded, and its continua
tion from the time when the property
of the order was sequestered to the
present day can hardly be questioned.
Without doubt the English and Ameri
can Templars can trace their authority
and origin to the Ealdwyn ..Encamp
ment and to the Independent action of
the Knights of the Temple and of St.
John while in Scotland.
The knightly life was a religious life
and true knighthood was never known
until the church and the faith of
Christ were established upon the earth.
The term of probation of the knight
was emblematical of the life of the Re
deemer, triumphing over the faults of
sinful nature and finding new strength
for faith, purity and devotion-
Half soldier and. half monk was his
characteristic, and the fulfillment of
every Christian duty and the practice
of Christian virtue was the rule and
motive of -his actions. Life was con
secrated by prayer and sacrifice, ; and
death was ever welcome for the cause
of Christ. "Non ; nobis, Domlne; non
nobis! sed nomine tuo da Gloriam!" :
were willing to listen to any charges
against the Order of the Temple. For
a generation or more there had been
strange stories about these Knights,
rumors affecting their orthodoxy and
the loyalty of the order, and the secret
rites and black art practiced at their
secret meetings. Credence was given
to the charges that, the neophyte spat
upon the crucifix, disovowed his belief
in Christ, and worshiped idols. The
Templar's pride, arrogance and luxury
soon rendered him an object of dislike
to those who were willing or 'possessed
the power to accomplish his fall. The
members of the order being scattered
in their various preceptories and not
being able to read aright the signs of
the times were in a condition to be
come an easy prey to an avaricious
and unscrupulous prince.
Such was Philip the Fair of France,
who planned to add to his treasury the
Immense wealth of the preceptories
which were located within his king
dom. . To his wishes Pope Clement V
gave ready 'consent, and in June. 1306,
the grand master was summoned by
the Pope, at. the instigation of Philip.
t0 meet him in Paris on matters of
importance to the order. De Molay.
the grand master, obeyed, and with
a large 'amount of .treasure and a re
tinue "of Knights, hastened to Paris,
By promises, and excuses the gfand
[master was delayed in the French
capital for nearly a year, and then,
on October 13, 1307, the .grand master
and every- Templar in France was ar
rested and thrust into prison.
Cruelty, injustice and the tortures
of the Inquisition marked all the pro
ceedings of the examination. The
charges which were preferred could
not, even in that age, be substantiated,
but th.e judgment had been rendered
before the trial, and during the follow
ing seven years the Templars "• were
driven from their homes, imprisoned
for life or burned at the stake. The
Pope, who «had " received the honors
and vows of these valiant Knights, exe
cuted the orders of his master, Philip
of France, and saw with fear and
trembling an order which was created
and which existed for the glory of his
church disappear in the smoke which
arose from the funeral pyre or vanish
in the noisome dungeon where life and
liberty were lost.
THE CHIVALRIC ORIGIN OF TEMPLARISM
Photo by Bushncll.
B^ Rigphitt Eminent \§lit jy
FranE William, SSumner
The supreme power of th> order was
vested in a grand master, elected for
life, and whose authority was- well
nJgh absolute. His residence was at
first at Jerusalem, and nftcrwird at
the city or place- where the headquar
ters of the order were located.
Th?. next officer in rank- .to the
grand master was th$ seneschal, who.
exarcised authority in case of the dis-,
ability of the .master. THe marshal,
third in rank, was the military of
ficer or general of the order. The
treasurer," having duties rs implied by
his name, also exercised authority as
admiral. The draper performed those'
duties which 'in the present day are
Incumbent upon. the commissary gen-.
ervil. . 'The turcopolier was the com
mander of, the cavalry.
As tho order grew in strength it
Vas divided into provinces, and these
territorial districts were governed by
grand preceptors or grand priors
The., highest executive body of
1" 7 order was composed of the
officers of the order as men
tioned, the grand preceptors of
provinces and a' certain num
ber of distinguished Sir
Knights. These formed - the
Chapter General of the
order, and in this body all
'the laws and regulations
were, made and the grand
officers elected. The au
thority and lands of the
order .were divided up
into fifteen provinces,
extending' from Pales
tine to the western
bounds of Europe, and
from Sicily to Ger
many, forming an em
pire by itself and hav
ing one interest and
controlled by one pol-
and if he .re- .
plied, that he still ¦
desired to be re- "•
celved; he' was
questioned fur
ther as to • his
mind : and con-,
science; ". ; ;'
• The candidate
was then seated
before the mas
ter,'" who deliv
ered to . him a
discourse on his
obligations. to the
order. Among his
duties may be men
¦ tiontd: He was
never to assault
a n'y Christianas,
nor swear,
- nor re
cpive
The reception of a
Knight into the order
was a solemn ceremo
nial and was secret, as
none but members
were entitled to be
present. The full de
tails of the ceremonies
of initiation are not
known in the present
day, as a portion of
esoteric work has been
lost. We know, how
ever, the general detail
of the rite of reception
of a candidate for the
candidate for the honors
of . the order in those days,
and a sketch of such
reception is given.
On tire day -of the re
ception' the master and
Knights were sent tc
warn the candidate ol
the dangers and hard
ships which he would
be obliged to encoun
ter if he became a
knight cf- the order.
If his replies were sat
isfactory the commit
tee returned to the
chapter - room and
made a report, .which,
on being received, and
there ' being no objec
tion, the committee re
turned and gave the candidate the nec
essary instructions as to the manner in
which he should act, and then led him
to the door of the chapter-room.
On entering, he cast himself on. his
knees before the master, -and said:
"Sir, i am come before God/ before. you
and the' brethren, and :'pray. and be
seech you, for God and our dear Lady's
sake, 1 to admit rrie into your fellowship
and the good deeds of tiie order, as one,
who will for all his life be the; servant!
and slave of the order." The master
then addressed the. candidate and 'ex
plained to him what he. must renounce,
what ; he must undergo, and jwhat ; he
must expect if. he was • to become, a.
member of this order of knighthood;
any attention from a woman without
the consent of his superiors; not to kiss
§i woman; not to abuse any one and to..
•ibe ever "courteous to all; to attend.
divine service; to begin and end his
meals with prayer; to be submissive"
and, obedient to the grand master and "
•all those In authority; to cross the.
seas; to go to battle, and never turn
i;his back on three foes, and, if alone,
to fight them if they were infidels.
The life of the soldier was' part sol
dier and part monk. Daily religious
services were required and none could
.absent themselves without the con-
passing away when its work was ac
complished.
. The peculiar dress of the order was a
long white tunic, with a red passion
cross on the front and back. Over this
" was worn the white Templar cloak or
mantle, displaying a red Templar cross
over the left breast; and the head was
covered .with a can or hood attached
to the mantle. The white garments
were worn only \ by the knights who
had been bound to the order for, a fixed
period ' or for life. The chaplains
clothed themselves in dark robes'suit
able to their profession, but ornament-
history of Palestine aunng
twelfth and thirteenth cen
tuWes Is virtually a story of
the Knights Templar and
the Knights Hospitaler
and a record of their
struggles against the
Saracens for dominion
in the Holy Land.
-The zeal of these
Knights was never
questioned. They
were the first to ad
vance and the last to
retreat, for in accord
ance with the rules of
. their order they never
turned their . backs upon
an Infidel foe.
During the. latter years of
the order power and pros
perity sapped the warlike
spirit of the Templars, and
although wealth and au
thority had been ob
tained, such acquisi
tion had been ob
tained by loss of
piety and virtue.
There was a
growing senti
ment against the
order, for the
Templars seemed
to have forgotten
their vows to
protect the holy
sepulcher, and. after the disastrous
defeat in r Acre in 1291, had, ex
cepting a short stay in Cyprus, hur
ried to the various manors which were
held by the order in the different coun
tries of Europe. * These priories or pre
ceptories have been estimated to have
numbered 9000,. and the divisions of the
orders yielded the revenue of kings.
The Knights Hospitaler, on the other
hand, after evacuating Palestine, re
mained at Cyprus and Rhodes, creat
ing a naval force and engaging in suc
cessful maritime warfare against the
Turks and Saracens throughout the
Mediterranean.
The different lines of policy pursued
by the two orders created a distrust of
the Templars arid therefore the people
sent -, of the mas
ter or • preceptor.
.Two plain meals
an d sometimes
three were allowed
each day, but the
fare was at tlme3
co&fse; wine . was
served,; .but strict
silence enjoined that
all might listen to
the words from Holy
Writ, which were
read by a -chaplain or
one of the Knights.
Complete obedience
to the master and ab-
edkwith the cross of the order. .The
brethren-at-arms. the serving brethren
and others connected with the order
were bidden to wear dark or dusky
brown garments, but ho bright or
parti-colored clothing was allowed to
be worn on any occasion.
The armor was : that of the age.
either plate or chain, the latter coming
into favor with the Knights after their
experience , in battles with the Sara
cens. Over the mail was worn the
mantle and cross of the order, but no
further distinguishing mark or insig
nia was allowed. The arms were the
sword, lance, mace and shield, and,
afterward, from knowledge gained in
Palestine, the bow and arrow were at
times- used. ¦ / ' •
As the Knights we're a mounted force
the fighting was done on horseback.
There is a legend that during the
earlier* years of the order, because of
poverty, two Knighta were mounted on
souue aevouon to tne
order were ever enjoin
ed. It was a wonderful
brotherh o o d and
flourished accord
ing to the
i
necessi
ties of
the
one horse, but such tradition is doubt
ful. Wealth came to the organization
from the first, and all duly • created
Knights were provided with -two and
sometimes three horses. . ' ... _.
-The 'banners of the order were ..two.
The beauseant, the upp^r half of
which was black and the lower half
white, was sometimes known as the
vexillium belli, or battle flag or war
banner of the order and was borne. in
all conflicts. At times the Knights car
ried the beauseant in the form of a
8mail pennant at the end of their lances.
The red cross banner was a white
flag on which was displayed the
broad red passion cross, and this
standard might be . called the
headquarters llag of the organ
ization as it was always placed
in front of' the v grand master's
station. •
The order as a military institu
tion existed two centuries ar.d its
chroniclers have furnished poets
and historians" themes which
will 'never be forgotten. The
Past Grand Commander Grand
.- '¦^'CoT^isiBiiiAevy' -of California
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL 1 .
RIGHT E3UNENT SIR FRANK WILLIAM SUMNER.
7THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
OFFICERS
OF THE
GRAND ENCAMPMENT
8. - ¦
fT^ HE Grand Ccmn:ai:devy of Cali-
I > fornia was urganized at' "tile city
I ot San Francisco. .on August. 10,
JL 1S5S. At that- time tliere were
oniy three commanderies in the State-
San Francisco No. 1, afterward named
California Comniandery No. 1, at San
Francisco; Sacramento No, 2, at Sac
ramento, and Pacific No. 3, at Colum
bia, in Tuolunine County, but now lo
cated at Sonora. in the same county.
These comreandefies held their char
ters from the Grand Encampment " of
the" United States: they were repre
sented at the meeting h^!d lor the pur
pose of oroiniaing the Grand Comnian
dery cf the'State by Sir Knights Lsan
der ¦ Ransom, Alexander G. A'oeM, -E!i
Cook and Charles "E. Blake, of San
Francisco Commandery No. 1; Isaac
Davis, George I.'N-.Monel and Edward
H. Evans, of Sacramento No: ,2,; and
John S. Graham. S. H. Fickett and J.
C. Russell, of Pacific No. 3. Sir Knight
Isaac Davis .v.as chosen as thci first
grand commander and Alexander G.
Abell as the HHi grand recorder. Thi
chief business transacted -at this pre
liminary meetincr was -ihe selection Cxi
oflicers and'tho adoption of a consti
tution. * .. ' . ¦• .i ¦:.''.
The first conclave of the Grand Com
mandery was commenced In the city of
San Francisco on August' 11. 1S0S.
At this conclave petitions for dtepen-,
sations to form new commanderies
were presented; by. sundry Knisrhts .
Templar residing respectively at Oro
ville. Placefville and Marysville. These
petitions were granted and dispeusar
tiona'were ordered to be issued;. '
The second annual conclave was held^
in the city of San Francisco on" June 2S,
1S39. At this conclave cnarters were
granted. to El Dorado Commandery No.
4. at Placerviile: Oroville Commandery
No. 5, at Oroville, and. .Nevada Com
mandery N«i. 6. at -Nevada City. ... The
charter of MarysvWe Commandery No.
. 7 \vas not granted until the third an
nual -conclave, of the- Grand Coinman- 1
•dery in 1S60. v ,
At the time of the organization of the
Grand Commanderyof California there,
were enroHnd. : in . the three «-pmnj^n
deries composing th» Grand ;Comman
dery 130 members. Sincf the oi*gani'-;a-,
tlon of the. Grand Commandery/in 1S38"
there have '. been constituted .thirty
geven ' commanderies, making forty
commanderies in California in ,1904..
There were enrolled, according to the
reports of Ihe conimanderles." on Janu
ary 31. 1904. 4399 members. ;"
In point of membership the ; Grand
Commandery. ranks tenth Ton the list;
and.' according, to the latest statistics,
about third in annual increase in mem
bership. V
The following gives' the name, num
ber, location, date of charter s and mem
bership of the several commanderies
under ithe jurisdiction': of 'the Grand
Commandery, as reported on January
31. 1904. the date of the last report:
California No. 1, San Francisco,
August 10. 135S, G3S: Sacramento No; 2,
Sacrrfmenio. August 10. IS3S, 210; Pa
cific No. 3. Sonora. August 10, IS5S. 05;
El Dorado Xo. 4, Placerville. June- 2'J.
15&&. 71; Oroville No. 5, Oioviile.June
t-*3, 1SS9. i6: Nevada No. ti, Nevada City,'
June '20. 1S39. 19S; Marysvlllc No. 7.
Mar>sviilc\ November 14. 1S60. " ; ¦'.
Marjfiyille No. T^Mai-vsviHe, April IS.
1HC2; 103; Stockton No. &, Stockton. Oc
tober 17. 1SG7. 133;. Los Angeles No. IV
Los*AngeIe:?. April 11, 1S70. 494; San
"Jose No. 10. San Jose. April .13. 1871,
14S; Oakland No. 11. Oakland. April 13.
lS7t>, 273; Chko No. 12; Chico. April. 13,
1S77. 03: Latstn Ni>. 10. SusanviUe, April
13, 1ST i\- 40: Sunta. Rosa No. 14, Santa-
Rosa, AinSI 11. 1S79. 101:* Bodie No. 13,
Dodic. April 16. 1SS0. ; Golden Gate
No. 16. !?an Francisco. April 15,, I8S1,
442: Red. Bluff No. 17, Red Bluff,- April
15 1SS1. 10S; Ventura No. 18, Ventura,
April 14. 1SS2, ¦»$:-". Naval No.,-19. Va>-
Iejo, April H.1SS2 96: Mount Olivet No.
'20, Pc-taluma, April 13. 1SSS, A . r J: Wood
land" No. 21, Woodland. April 13. 1883.
4C: Watsonviile - No/ 22.- Watsonville.
April 23. 1SS3. 33; Saint Bernard No. 23,
San Bernardino; - April 1 fc 1SS4, 1 81 ;
Colufa No. 21, Cotusa. JJay 1. 1SS5, 35;
Han Die?o No. 23. S=an Diogo. April SO,
1«>3. 54; Visaiia No. 26. Visa'ia, April
SO. 1SS6. 62; San Luis Obi?po No.*27. San
T-uis Obispo. April 2t<. 1SS7. SO; River-
>ide."No.. 2S, » Riverside,.^\ P ril5 2O,:,1SS7.
63; Fresno No. 29, Fresno. Ajiri!20.
JSS3, 7a; St. OrooK No. 30. Santa'. Bar-"
bara. April 19. 1SS?. 40; F'asadena No.
3U Pasadena. April S2. 1S92. r 115; Mt.
.Shasta No. 32. Yreka, April 22, 1S92, 54:
Vklah No. 33, Ukiali, "AprH 122, 1892.. 31;
Napa No. -34, Nana, April 20. 1S93.-5S;
LHuicka No. C.*». Kureka. April 19. 1S95.
71: ?anta Aria No. 36. Santa-Ana; April
-24. 1S9S.-111: Southern California No. 37,
Pomona, April 24, lSli(5.-77: Vaeavillc
No. 3?. Vacavi'.le, April IS, 1901, 63;
Yuba-Sutter. "' Marysville." April 18. 1902,
; — -; Bakersfleld No. 3?. Bakersfield.
Ar»«ii 23, 1303, 33: Long, Beach No. 40,
Long Ucach, April 22, '.jO4,'3J;' total,
4SS9. • . .
- 'Grend ofTicers of the .prand Com
mandery of California; elected April.
A. P. 19<M. A. O. 78«: R..E. Sir W.
?'rai>k Pi?roe.' prsnd commander. San
rnincL-:ci-: V. vl. Pir-Johir "Burris'-da
J^niaii.^dep-Jly jrnind tommander. Co
lusa; K.. Kir Brilsford V Pease ..Flint,
srand ijouefalissimo, San; : Francisco;
E. Sir Charles L.ord Field, grand cap
tain general. San ; Francisco; E. Sir
Hudson B. Gillis, 'grand senior >wai
d^n^TV'reka^ E. Sir William' D. Stephens.
srand junior warden. Los" Anceles; E." %
Sir. R^ubrn H?nrj' Sink/ grand prelate^
Stockton;.. EL Sir IMward" Coleman,
;?ri-a»M treasurer, San Francisco; E. Sir
.William A. Daviea, grand recorder, San
Francisco: E.,Sir Harvey' D.lyjveland,
Brand standard bearer, San Francisco:
E.^ Sir Lt>u is F.Breuner.. grand '.sword
bearrr. Sacramento; E. Sir Albert - A.
Caldwell. grand v.*arder. Riverside: Sir
Samuel David Mayer, - grand Organist,'
I San Francisco; Sir George W.' Perkins,
grand captain of guard. San Francisco.
THE GRAND COMMANDERY
OF
CALIFORNIA
B>y- Em. Sir PkiM|ot||
Gravel ' IReeoireleir 1 W<
The Sunday Call MagazineTHE
AX IN
POLITICS
THESE are the names of the lucky
150 prize winners in the contest of
August 21, the names of baseball
terms. On account of this being
a special edition the regular puzzle
page will be postponed until next Sun
day, •y • *¦:
L. Campbell, 1137 Broadway, Ala
meda; Neal McGettigan, 52 Henry
street, S. F.; Charles Ryerson, 2133
Union street, S. F.; Matthew Cooper,
San Jose; Clarence Greaver, San Ra
fael ; Helen Travis, 1165 Valencia street,
S. F.; Will Kerr, 863% Market street,
S. F.; Leslie Greaver, San Rafael;
Claude Hamilton, Silver City, Nevada;
Mary Dugan, 526 Harrison street, S. F. ;
David Williamson, Grass Valley; Bes
sie Beriham, 711 Shrader street, S. F.;
Wllber Green,' Vallejo; H. Meyer, 237
Minna street, S. F.; .; Violet March,
Stockton; Margaret Boyer, 1106 Wil
low street, Oakland; Grace Hanby, 912
Wood street, Oakland; Ramona Han
by, 912 Wood street, Oakland; Grace
Black, Campbell; Ella Wlnfield, 1623
Noe- street, S. F.; Mark Dodson, 664
Hobart street, Oakland; Mildred Cur
tis, 918 Ellis street, S. F.; Harry Sege
leke, 1507 Buchanan street, S.F.; Bes
sie Boyer, 1106 Willow street.* Oakland;
Hal Curtis, 918 Ellis v street,. S. ,F.;
George Gefken, 768 Grove street, S..F.;
Hermlne Boisselier, 511 Waller, street,
S. F.; Dorothy Segel eke; 1507 Buchanan
street, S. F. : Frank Edmondson, Berke
ley; Richard ' Love, 3810 i Twenty-second
street,' S. F.; Ed Kennedy,, Sacramento;
Kenneth Pyle, Gllroy; May. Bo wen,
428% Waller' street, - S. , F. ; £ Genevleve
Farrell, Petaluma ; \ E. Rhode, 474 ; Ed
wards street,* Oakland; Helen Coulter,
Sausallto; C. Sierp, 1504 Dolores street,
S. F.; Lillian Woods. 916 Buchanan
street,- S. F.; Kenneth Kendall, 1076
Fourteenth street, Oakland;' Anna
Paul, Suisun; Maye Shattuck, 86 Elev
enth street, Oakland; George Ryerson,
2133 Union street, S. F.; Melvin Ollson,
1617 Alcatraz street, South Berkeley;
Merle Sagehorn, 866 Castro street, .Oak
land; Rose Sagehorn, 866 Castro street,
Oakland; Edmbnd Benner, 125 East
Eleventh street, Oakland; Mildred
Burnham, 916 Buchanan street, S. F.;
May Trade. 1792 Fifteenth street. S. F.;
Ernestine Franzen. 1505 Fillmore street,
S. F.; Marie Priest. 927 Fourteenth
street, S. F.; Llllle Farrell.214 Lang
ton street, S. F.; Hoadley Johnson, 621
O'Farrell street, S. F.; Hanley Ells
worth, Santa Cruz; Harry Johnson,
Santa Cruz; ; Gladys Johnson,' Santa
Cruz; J. Wood, San Rafael; Hazel,Ful
ler, San Rafael; Ralph Bradley, 1 Santa
Cruz; Sarah Scandrett, 526 , Harrison
strfeet, S. F. v ; ; Bursley Palmer,.. Mar
tinez;. Emmett Daley, Martinez; Les
ter. Flnley, Ashland, Oregon; . Huber
Fraser, 44 Hancock 'street, S. F. ; David
Koegel, 96 Cumberland ¦ street, S. F.;
Harry Jones, 4110 ¦¦ Twenty-fifth street,
S. F. ; J. : S. • Murray, Sausallto ; Lily
Henneke) Leesvllle ; Clement ' Drew,' 1282
Seventh r street, East Oakland; Emma
Reid, 1362 Scott' street, S. . F. ; L Irving
Davis, . 147.. Fourteenth avenue, . S. : F.;
Alice Walsh, 1165 Valencia street,* S.' F.;
S. - J. Mere, 951 Fell • street, S. F. ; Mar
guerite Caler, 3739 , Seventeenth ; street,
S. - F. ; George rWlhr.-r 11 Metropolitan
avenue, S.*F.:W.; RoblnBon.M 825 -Ash
bury street. :s.\F. ;; Charles Robinson.
825-Ashbury street, S. F.; Mildred
Smith,. 532 Turk street,^ S. F.; Mildred
Tade,.; Berkeley, . Leo.. Alexander," 327
Larklh streets S. F.; Irene ; Slevln; 1096
Treat avenue, : S. ' F. ; Joseph t Fried
man, 620 Washington street. ,S. F.;
Santa Rosa: Mamie Smith, 518 Utah
street, S. F.;' Gunlek Abrahamsen, 526
Harrison street, S. F.; Alfred Abra
hamsen, 626 Harrison street, S. F. ;
Allen Dailey, 916 Buchanan street. S.
F.; Emma Tubbs, 1224 York street, S.
F.; Albert Morgan, 818 Grove street.
S. F.: Hubert Soher. 1357 McAllister
street,- S. F.; Norma Soher, 1357 McAl
lister street, S.F.; Daniel Kecfe, 1211
York street. S. ' F. ; Ethel Adams, 1431
Twelfth avenue, S. F.; Emily Stanton,
Vallejo:' Carlyle Buckner, 3621 Twen
tieth street, S. F.; Adele Delflna. 1357
McAllister street, S. F.; (Fred Mulli
gan, 3629 Seventeenth street. S.F,;
May, Rickard, Sacramento; Dot Egil
bert, Chico; Eva Whallon, Rocklin;
Jessly Jacobs, Alameda; Elsa Schulze,
Alameda; Louis Friant, 729 Clayton
street, S. F.
Charles Clark, 620 Washington street,
S. F.; Elmer Short, 1538 Forty-eighth
avenue, S. F.; Ralph Brown, 875
Church street, S. F.: Robb Brown, 875
Church street, S. F.;- Elma Winship,
San Rafael; J. G. Walsh, 636 Harrison
street, S. F.; Fred Nellsen, 914 Linden
street. Oakland; Teddy Smith, 97 East
Fourteenth street, Oakland; Raymond
Rath. 1623 Turk street, S. F.; Robert
Miller, 1623 Turk street, S. F.; May
Taylor, 858 Castro street, Oakland;
Helen Tavlor, 858 Castro street. Oak-,
land; Lillian Benner. 125 East Eleventh
street, Oakland; George Lowenstein,
1130 Ellis street, S. F.; Pauline Geist
lich, 1491 O'Farrell street, 8. F.; Horace
Walling, 1218 Jones street. S.F.; Fay
Worthley, :" Penryn; Bertie Worthley,
Penryn; Zelma Wethern, 1264 Seventh
avenue. East Oakland; Harold Hicks,
3895 Clay street, S. F.; Ernest Bowlsby,
Merced; Violet Jones, Merced; Dorothy
Howe, San Diego ;.ElbSrt Jensen, Fair
field; .Johnny Dayton, Duncans Mill;
Frank Lash, Suisun: Clarence McDon
ald," Fruitvale; Wilfred Jeff us. 1221
Twelfth street, Oakland; F. Coburn,
Berkeley; Bennle Israel, 312 1-4 Fulton
street, S. F.; Amy Butterworth, 2753
Octavla street, S. F.; : ¦ Enid Griffith,
Penryn ; Ruth Dunckhorst, Sacramen
to; Frankie McKenzle, Oakdale; Mar
jorie Taylor, Alameda; Lena Schwable,
Mount Eden;' Ratnona Hicks, 3895 Clay
street, 8. F.; Eleanor,*. Plunkett, Val
lejo; T.yFrench. San Rafael; Clay
Locke, Sacramento; Paul Dunckhorst,
; Sacramento; Howard Gee. Vallejo;
Louise'. HIgel, Vallejo; . Dorothy Craw
ford,' 2226% Post street, S. F. ; Virginia
: Dittes, ¦ 1505 Fillmore ; street, S. F. ; Ma
rion - Dittes.; 1505 Fillmore , street, S. F. ;
Marjorie Falrgrleve/ 1026B Shotwell
; street, S.' F.; ' Inez Pringle, 1434 Point
Lobos .¦ avenue, S.' F. ; Willie Seymore,
PUZZLE WINNERS OF AUGUST 21.
somewhat later.
"Oh, is there?" ;
"You haven't your mind at all on
Nellie Carl, have you?" .
"Well." said Nixie and softly laugh
ed, "I don't see why you should kid-
nap the wrong girl."
So they dashed , on toward the
Bishop.
avoid the split infinitive and the double
negative. The Philadelphia plan is
probably the simplest of the lot. All
that is necessary In the City of Broth
erly Love and asphalt trusts is that
you have the right size and shape of
neck for the party collar. The process
In faraway Chicago is somewhat ob
scure, but a country birth and a knowl
edge of fishing appear to be desirable
prerequisites, if not first-class sine qua
nons. (These words will be explained
in the glossary which we intend to pub
lish as soon as we have time.)
The system in, St. Louis Is probably
the best in the United States, or was
until an unkind fate Interfered with
(he progress of destiny in the franchise
business. The great advantage of the
St. Louis method is that the whole
thing has been reduced to a substantial
dollars and cents basis. If you want
anything, from the smallest office to
the biggest office holder, you know just
how much it will cost and who has the
goods. Then there is the Colorado sys
tem, where the odds He with the man
who knows the most about the con
struction and general habits of a Win
chester; the Utah system, where offi
cial honors are graded according to the
extent, of the recipient's participation
in matrimony, and the Podunk system,
I MRS. SARAH J. BURXHAM, CHAIRMAN LADIES* EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE FOR THE CONCLAVE.
Revolutionary army, and be careful to
and emphatically. Naturally this
kind. of talk was scarcely calculated
to soothe the feelings of the men who
made a living by holding office and
¦rigorously abstaining from hard work
in«all its forms.
This is a common trick of the pro
fessional politicians. When a man be
gins to air his voice and tell the cir- ;
cumamblent atmosphere how honest j
he is and what rascals the other men"
are, the proper play is to elect him to I
some office. After he has been in a
month or two he usually has Just as
much reason for keeping quiet as the
other fellows have. It was expected
that this is what would happen to Mr.
Joke, but he was wl3er than they
thought. No sooner had his office be
come fairly settled than he set out on
the trail of the gentlemen who had
been shaking dice for the city revenues
and matching pennies for the rake
off from the next streetcar franchise.
No one really believed that he meant
it, but while the grafters were sitting
around waiting for the right time to
laugh he sprung a basketful of In
dictments on them. Then there was a
grand rush for railroad time tablts
and information about hotel rates in
Mexico and the Board of Aldermen
was forced to suspend its sittings be
cause of inability to get a quorum to
gether without a search warrant and
extradition papers.
When it was alas too late the poli
ticians realized that they were up
against a new game and that there
ere more ways of breaking Into office
than they had contemplated when
they made up the political dope sheet.
The people who had boosted Mr. Joke
into office realized that whatever his
name might be he was the real thing
and that the laugh was on the fellow*
who -were making tracks for the bov
dcr. Although it was too late to b*.
of any particular use to them save in
the way of curious and interesting in
formation the politicians had discov
ered that the man who breaks down
the front door with an ax often has i
as good a chance of getting In as thel
chap who opens the back door with
a Jimmy
The way that. the average American
citizen seta about getting his name on
the Government payroll differs with the
different- localities in which the graft
is being worked. In little old New York
the proper caper is to get in on the
ground floor of a flourishing Institution
for the suppression of undue thirst, or
to tack a Mac on the front end of your
name and advertise yourself as a prom
inent contractor. In Boston you must
have at least three ancestors in the
THE cornerstone of American in
stitutions, the bulwark of our
liberties, the foundation of our
prosperity, the guarantee of our
national perpetuity and several other
things whe-se names we cannot recall
at the present writing,. is the. principle
that every man has a right to get him
self elected to any office that happens
to be without an occupant. The ques
tion of his ability to hold the office
down after he has been ushered into
it is immaterial, irrelevant and incom
petent to be admitted in evidence at
this stage of the proceedings. Good
private secretaries may be obtained at
reasonable rates and the administra
tion never has. any objection to spend
ing money If It can see the relation of
the expenditure to the result of the
next election.
common throughout the country, in
towns of less than one thousand in
habitants. Under the latter arrange
ment, the man wins who smokes the
worst cigars and has the greatest con
tempt for a college tducation.
The above generalizations have been
made for the purpose of outlining the
political situation in the United States
for the benefit of our foreign friends,
who have been compelled to depend,
hitherto, on the meager Information
and unsound conclusions of such casual
observers as Bryce, De Tocqueville and
the editor of the London Saturday Re
view. Since we have clarified the at
mosphere In this comprehensive man
ner there can no longer be any excuse
for . foreign Ignorance of the nature,
origin and general tendency of our po
litical institutions. Now that we have
completed our list of generalizations
we shall turn around and show how
that strenuous young reformer, Mr.
Jerome J. Joke, gave the lie direct to
all our time honored principles of gov
ernment without giving a cent to the
governed. It is necessary to do this
In order to show how truly scientific
we are.
Instead of launching himself into
the political .maelstrom by acquiring
a half-interest in a thirst dlsDeller or
having his neck measured to see if it
came within the general requirements
or doing any of the other things which
we have declared are absolutely and
indispensably necessary to political
success in the various parts of this
(world's) fair lands of ours. Mr. Joke
proceeded to tell the people what he
thought about the methods of the men
who had been entrusted with the af
fairs and most of the emoluments of
government in the particular part of
the country that was blessed with his
presence. According to his way of
thinking a saloon keeper, instead of
being a proper gentleman to take
charge ,of a primary or to make up
the slate for a county convention, was
only about three shades better than
a common criminal, and sometimes
not even that. On the subject of necks
and collars he expressed himself with
great force and freedom. The only
thing proper for a neck that would
submit itself to the party tape meas
ure was an ax. applied immediately
"There's quite a snow beginning.
Wear that pretty warm cloak of yours,
the long, fur-lined one with the hood'
We're all going to a — a little im
promptu at the Bishop's and come
back to supper/' and then 6he fled
out of hearing.
Nixie dressed as desired and came
early.
They went down and found Mr. Jor
dan waiting. There was a white rose
bud in his coat and he was rather white
* a yc Yf *\HAT1]VEJ: possessed
\ A / you," ca'.d Mies Cordelia,
Y V "to quarrel with her?"
"I didn't. It was she
who quarreled with me."
"Don't be an Adam."
Bert Ignored the care of Adam, 'if
I co'jld see her alone," he said gently
— "alone accidentally."
"Accidentally, of course. "That's
where I come in?"
"Why riot?"
"Because I am on her side." ;'• \
"But so"— radiantly— "am 1. Always
on h<=T siflp."
"Oh. indeed!" t
"Mi5s Cordelia, she sent me her ring
with a note saying she had changed
her mind. 1 can't go cringing after
that, can I? But accidentally — "
"Why." interrupted Miss Cordelia,
"did change'her mind?"
"Sorn* Jaw of the fourth dimension
may explain." :> -..^
"You've no guess?"
"Well." protested Bert, "a man can't
be an Egyptian mummy just because
he's engaged."
•'1 sei-. And I don't s< • any ho; e for
you." ;
"Then I'm sorry to be a nuisance.
Miss Ccrdelia. but," settling himself
like a rock. "I must stay until sho
comes. Sho comes often, doesn't she?"
Miss? Cordelia began to laugh. "Why,"
she asked, "don't you write to her?"
"I wznt to be cure that she cares be
fore — well, one doesn't like to be a
hound dog for nothing."
"And how will you be made sure?"
"Oh, the minute I eee her."
•*It must be delightful," Miss Corde
lia remarked pleasantly, "to be a man."
"Oh. I'll know," said Bert, with gen
ial assurance, "and you'll help and
then—" he stopped with a sudden flash
of mischief In his eyes.
"And then — ?" Miss Cordelia leaned
toward him with her own eyes twink
ling.
"Then I'll kidnap her," cried Bert,
and sprang to his feet. "If she cares,
Miss Cordelia, upen my soul— I'll kid
nap her."
"Oh, how young and eilly," said
Miss Cordelia, and sighed.
"Listen. It's quite sensible." Bert
explained Joyously. "The engagement
•was talked about, you know; every
one discovered it."
"Yes." Miss Cordelia absented i.nd
emiled.
"Nov.- the break is being talked
about. And Nixie, poor little girl, hates
the whole business."
"It's quite likely, -Aiss Cordelia put
in drily, "that she especially hates the
talk going on about you and that little
flirt Nellie Carl." •
"That isn't rny fault Anyway," with
conviction, "this plan will make every
thing right."
"Oh, indeed," repeated Miss Cor
delia.
"You see, after all she's been
through — "
"Exactly." Miss Cordelia put in with
feeling.
"I mean in the way of talk — she'll
hate to begin all over again."
"So — ?"
"So," beamingly, "we'll cut the
thing short."
"And I'm to furnish the knife?"
Bert gave her a nod. "It's great,"
he cried, and made for the door. "I'll
eee the Bishop."
"Mercy ou us!" protested Miss Cor
delia; but he only paused to make a
brief request.
"Miss Cordelia — "
"Oh, you Billy boy!"
"Ask her to wear white."
"I dare say."
"I'll tell her the rest myself."
"And when," laughed Miss Corde
lia, "is she to wear white?"
"To-night, of course. You wouldn't
have me live through another day
like this?"
Miss Cordelia surrendered. "Come
to dinner," she told him. "Come early
— and— we'll Bee."
"It's great," said Bert, and was off.
Miss Cordelia began to feel a little
fluttered. She got Nixie on the tele
r-hone. Would Nixie come to dinner?
Nixie would be delighted to come.
"And I wish." called Miss Cordelia
nert, "that you'd wear white, dear.
I — I like you In white."
"It's very fortunte then that I've
a new — hlte silk," said Nixie.
Miss Cordelia chucltled. "Come ear
ly," 6he added. "Be sure to come
early, and Nixie — "
"Yes."
himself, but a lilnd of smoldering fire
was in his vier'.
"Will you siiuw Nixie rr.y new or
• hids?" s-uggtsud Miss Coideiia. "I
iuusi sla:' Uere to i-etei\e the other
jrutEts. And, iatrt, till her about the
impromptu — tht- tiishoo's impromptu."
Mr. Jurdan licvuic. I«.xie leu uui with
a graceful nonchalance. f. :¦:;
They at once lorgot the new orchids,
though a whole end of the conservatory
was a cascade with their weird, tain
bow bloom. A lifrht swung over them — '
not an aggressive light. In the dark
ness outside they could see the soft
lluttering of the mow against the glass.
After a silent time Nixie poured.
"You needn't sulk," she told him.
"I didn't mean to," Bert pibusted in
hurried meekness. "I was only anx
ious about— about some rcses that I've
"Oh, indeed!"
"Yes. 1 was vondering if they'd get
to the Bishop's In time."
"You and Aliss Cordelia," s>he re
marked sedately, "seem to have the
Bishop's impioniptu quite weighing on
your minds."
"Oh. it's no great matter to, her,"
said Bert.
"But a. great matter to 'you."
"Well, they're bride roaes, . you
see."
"A wedding," cried Xixie, alertly.
"Wa? that what Miss Cordelia meant
— a wedding?" , ¦¦> '¦>
"Yes," he admitted, "that Is what
she meant." And he was white as
his rosebud.
She looked at him and suddenly
the battle was asrain in her eyes.
"How stupid of me," she said, and
made a low bow to him. "Of course
only the bridegroom sends the bride
roses. Allow me to congratulate
you. You've been breaking it to me
gently — I am so much obliged to you
— that you are the happy man."
"It is my wedding," said Bert, and
set his teeth.
"So kind of you to mention it. Has
Miss Carl come yet?" ;••>. "i\
"I don't know."
"Shouldn't you be finding out?"
But there came a diversion. The
swish of skirts with chatter and
laughter going down to the ball.
Mr. Jordan gravely offered his arm.
The girl's lips quivered. She looked
up at him in swift appeal, in the way
of the days before the Quarrel.
"They'll all know." she faltered,
"that you've been telling me, and
they'll try not to stare and not to
Emile, and it will be horrid, horrid."
"Don't go," said Bert.
She gave a nervous lausrh and
slipped her hand within his arm. but
he stood still.
"We'll have to walk the whole length
of the table," broke in Nixie, end gave
a little sab. "I'll never forgive . Miss
Cordelia, never. And where." sudden
ly drawing away from him, "is Nellie
Carl?"
"I think," said Bert, astutely bend-
Ing his head to listen, "that they're
sending for us." Truly a step came
down the hall.
"Oh." gasped Xixie, "so they are!"
"Let's cut and run," said Bert. 1
In another instant they had whisked
out among the stray flakes of the piaz
za. She leaned against one of the pil
lars. One hand in a hur/ied little flut
ter of excitement went to her throat.
The other Bert held and felt it tremb
ling.
"Come on," he said, Joyously facing
the snowy night; "come on!" ¦
"Come where?" The dismay of it
was touching, but Bert laughed.
"To the Bishop," he explained. "The
Impromptu"
"But I don't want to go there now."
"Why not? You always intended,
didn't you, to be married by the Bish
op? Why not now?"
There was a pause wherein vainly
through the darkness * he tried to
search her face.
"Let me carry you to the sleigh,"
Bert entreated,. "so that your little feet
will not get wet in the snow."
"Your sleigh is waiting?"
"At the curb."
"And Nellie Carl?"
He laughed triumphantly and
snatching her up in his arms ran out
Into the street and ready under the
great fur robes of the sleigh was the
hooded cloak.
"How ever did Miss Cordelia
guess?" laughed Bert as he drew it
about her, "or did you tell her?"
"You are two wicked plotters," re
turned Nixie indignantly. "I shall go
back to that dinner."
But the groom had stepped back
from the horse's head. ¦
"It's great," cried Bert as they
dashed down , the street with the soft,
cold beat of the snow in their faces.
"And I can't stop the horse unless — "
"Well, unless?"
"Unless you want him stopped,
Nixie."
•/Do you know," asked Nixie de
murely, "if either of us has told the
Bishop? Because it would not be re
spectful to disappoint him."
"But there's one thing, 1 Nixie." This
Bpr E-. 3£. Gas*E>et£ s
THE
BISHOP'S
IMPROMPTU
fy LOWLY but . surely woman's
>^X hand is commencing to be a.
V~J power in secret organisations.
y*^ Perhaps p - poiver behind th*»
. throne, hut a power nevertheless
that is making itself felt more and
rr.ore as lime goes on.
In the good old days when a woman
via regarded as so much personal
property, a mere personal chattel, in
fact, thin^r. were upon quite a differ
ent basis. Then the brave knight rode
gayly forth tied in all his gorgeous
armor and left his wife at home to
watch and wait and sich for his re
turn. Did she ever think of accom
panying han? No, not she. Home was
just wherr* r^ic* belonged: so. forsooth,
she stayed there, and what is more,
without a murmur, too.
But the knights* of to-day are not
quite as i!;iepenient — not quite as
high and. mighty. To be sure they
ride forth, kut they di> not always go
alone. Whether it is because woman
kind has ;-pv.dua!ly csnie into a high
er sphere and man needs her subtle
guarding :<c-v.-?r or because *he grew
weary of silting at hora; and watch-
another to vie with— some one to con
tend with as it were. »,^, ht
So the clubs keei> their, wits bright
and sharpened up.a bit.* On the other
hand the workings of their secret^^or
ganizations ' are very beautiful and if
they are du.y impressed with tne
solemnity of the proceedings, as nine
out of every ten are. they cannot help
but lead better lives. In fact, U one
lived up to these workings there would
be no need of a church, for every one
would be doing the very best they
knew how.jv «:'-,-
The influence of all secret bodies is
good— whether It be for men or women
or both. Twe.nty-one years ago I was
the chairman of the reception commit
tee, as I am to-day, and in that span
of years I can see where women have
made great strides and where they
have made themselves too Indispensa
ble to ever be put aside. . In fact. I
think they will keep golnj on and on
until all the privileges that are now
denied them will be theirs and by pop
ular accord. This probably will not
be in my time, but. -believe me. it Is to
be in time to come.'
ins the front -gate, I am sure I do
not know; but a casual glance is all
that is needed to assure one that
where man is wbman is sure to be
found, and every lodge, every, secret
organization and every social power
has gradually corns to recognize the
fcict and has opened its door to women
!n general.
It took centuries to convince the
Knight Templars that the order 6t
the Eastern Star would be a good in
stitution and that their wives and
daughters tould, in a. measure, feel
that they were not entirely secluded
from all thing3 Masonic. The Odd
Fellown found a-place for their ladle's
fair in the Rebecca lodgeroom and
the Red Men sought their Pocahontas
that they might have ;v war . dance
every now and then. Even tho Native
Sons looked about and sighed discon
solately until the Daughters shared
some of their secrets and then caused
them to think twice before speaking
ence.
And so one will find it all the way
through whichever way fliw glances.
For every J^ck there i3 a Jill and no
sooner do men form an organization
than the women begin casting their
eye3 about and formulating plans
That spirit prevails to-day. Men had
secret organizations and business meet
ings. Women endured it for a time
and then because they couldn't usurp
these rights determined to have these
s'elfsame things for themselves and on
just as exclusive a plan. They insti
tuted lodges, formed clubs and had all
sorts of meetings of their own and
what is the result? A broader mind, a
more contented spirit and a better
sense of fellowship. People who are
interested In outside doings have Uttle
or no time to fret and worry over petty
trials that come to every home. . And
for that matter, coming in direct con
tact with thinking men and women
broadens and makes them bigger and
they are better able to cope with their
di.iicultics. What once seemed like a
tremendous trial is later regarded as
something too small and too trifling
to give a Bccond thought, and so much
good is accomplished. .
Both lodges and clubs \ should add
their mite— the one because of its so
ciability and the other because of its
workings. Women are by nature very
sociable and they are likewise very im
pressionistic. They blossom out and
are at their best when they have one
upon, quite as a.
matter of course,
and I do not be- '
lieve I am claiming
too much when I
say that I scarcely
toe how the men
could manage with- ,
out our help these,
days of elaboration
and splendor. .There'
area thousand' and'
one duties to attend
to and at such a •
time almost . apy
woman' is, as. good
as ton men.
ivhercby they can possess some part,
even if it is not the lion's sharcX
Evidently people are growing
broader minded or they realize "that
harmony, is brought out of chaos by
joining forces "and working hand in
hand, j
Here is a sample of how things
.we're done years ago. In 1880 when
our Knights went to Chicago to see
about California having. the next con
clave, nea rly every woman on the
train was a perfect stranger to her
next door neighbor, hut of course all
the men- were brothers and if they
v/ere.r.ot already acquainted they did
not stand upon ceremony.. , One by
one tho ladies presented their cards
and gradually became friendly, s6 that
when they- reached Chicago they were
having a' jolly time. But again they
were immediately plunged Into a myr
iad of strangers. . • '
The result of this trip was the for
mation of an organization termed the
Knights Templar Triennial Union and
it was composed of the wives, daugh^_
ters and mothers of
the Knights. They
were to take charge
of the entertain-
Ynent entirely and
see that all visiting
ladies were prop
erly cared for.
Now, my point is
.just this: Necessity
gave the women
this vantage, fcr it
was the first time
that femininity
had figured in do
ings Masonic. Now
they are looked
• For there Is no
denying it, women
want to be in the
thick ¦ of the- fray.
Even in the old
primeval days they
were not content to
stay in their cabins
and listen to "the
ring of the ax near
by. They wanted to
be right on hand
and to see for them
selves just how
that tree was being
brought down.
THE' SAN ! FRANCISCO SUNDAY, CALU.
Fables for the FoolisH
ADVANCEMENT WOMEN CUBS
AND SECRET ORGANIZATIONS
10MONUMENTS FOR
FIELD OF ANTIETAM
ments being 62 feet in length, 40 feet
in height and 33 feet < in .width. With
its 140 stops and .329 movements and
10,000 pipes" it will require the greatest
organ virtuoso to make It respond with
anything like the volubility of which
it is capable.
Of the 10,000 odd pipes over a
thousand are utilized for the sole pur
pose' of imitating ¦ stringed instru
ments - and to make . these give forth
the- proper sound the pipes are made
of pure tin.
..The. electrical equipment for oper
ating,, controlling and actuating all the
complex mechanism involved in this
instrument Includes two ' ten horse
power motors, for working the bel
lows and a special motor of one an-i
one-half horsepower for driving, tho
bellows of the echo organ. The elec
tro-rpneumatic system of the. organ
contains thirteen hundred magnets for
manipulating, the key and draw stop
actions. ; In these magnets -130 miles
of wire was used. .',' - - ¦
"There are.. five automatic electric
swell . engines • for . actuating . the swell
shutters, arid there . are more than
7000 electric, circuits controlling the
varied '- mechanical • devices
*
Electricity has invaded every science
nd almost every art except music,
.hich has remained under the sov
. eignty of the physics of air for many
•*nturi**. Xow air. m!ghty as it is in
tirring the soul to its profoundest
ppths by the grand passions through
he medium of sound, has at last suc
umbed.
In Festival Music Hall at the
Vorld's Fair in St. Louis there is now
a be seen the largest organ ever built,
n The world.
The instrument 'was designed and
uilt at Los Angeles, Cal. Fleming's
ater.t electro-pneumatic system is
illized for producing many marvelous
esults.
In this mighty organ there are 19.059
ipes, and from various combinations
f these sounding pipe* there can be
roduc*d 17,1S9.869,1S3 distinct tones.
To the visitor the first view of this
emarkable instrument of eound is
wonderfully impressive, since It is as
large as a house, its exact measure- •
x-> N Saturday, September 17, the
I j survivors of the men who battled
V7on the bloody field of Antietam
will revisit the scene of that aw
ful strife. On that day. with cere
monies that will fit the occasion,
there will be unveiled and dedicated
handsome granite shafts — one in com
memoration of each command; thir
teen in all, says ths Philadelphia
North American. ¦ r*
These- shafts will be erected on the
spot where each- command encoun
tered the most desperate opposition
to its advance and thus, forty-two
years after the struggle the part that
Pennsylvania's volunteers played in
that bloody -battle will be suitably
memorialized. ;'¦¦."
Preparations for that day's ceremo
nies are in charge of the Antietam
Battlefield. Commission of Pennsylva
nia. On the 14th of April. 1903. Gov
ernor Pennypacker approved an act
creating this commission and appro
priating $32,500 for the purchase of
the thirteen monuments authorized ; to
be erected by it.
The commission as appointed con
sists of Joseph W. Hawley of Media,
president: Oliver C. Bosbyshell of
Philadelphia; secretary, and William
J. Bolton of Philadelphia.
.The thirteen commands that partic
ipated in the; battle and whose deeds
are to be commemorated are:
4Mh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
4*th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
{•0th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry
filst Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
tfiCth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
124th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
125th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
12Sth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
130th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
¦ lX2d • Pennsylvania " Volunteer ' Infantry.
137th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. •
- 12th Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.
. Durell's Battery of Artillery.
Survivors Chose Designs.
Immediately after the passage of the
act and the appointment of the com
mission steps were taken to execute the
work ordered. The commission con
ferred with the survivors of the differ
ent commands, designs of suitable mon
uments were asked for and submitted
and a contract was finally awarded.
These are all of similar design, con
sisting of a pedestal and shaft. Each
will bear a suitable inscription, and th«
coat-of-arms of Pennsylvania cast In
bronze will be placed upon each. In
grouping them they will be so arranged
upon the battlefield as to. bear eloquent
testimony to the part Pennsylvania's
troops played in the desperate struggle.
The programme for the dedicatory
ceremonies i3 an elaborate one. The in
dividual monuments will Be dedicated
between the hours of 9 a. m. and 12
o'clock noon on September 17. Each
command win have charge of the cere
monies for the dedication of its own
monument, and the programmes will
vary.
President Expected There.
The general dedication will take place
at 2 o'clock in the national cemetery at
Sharpsburg and will be in charge of the
commission. The President of the
United States, with the Governors of
Pennsylvania and Maryland, are ex
pected to be present and maks ad
dresses.
On behalf of the commission an ad
dress will be made recounting in detail
the achievements of the Pennsylvania
troops, and the monument will be
turned over to the United States Gov
ernment's Antletam Battlefield Com
mission by President Hawley of the
commission.
Battle of Antletam.
Fought September 18 and 17, 1862.
Federal forces commanded by Me-
Clellan.
Confederate forces commanded by
Total men engaged on both sides,
about 157,000.
Result— Union victory.
Effects— Lee's proposed invasion of
Pennsylvania abandoned; emancipa
tion proclamation made possible.
to suggest that a woman should wear
a Greek gown at the breakfast .table,
for instance, be her outlines ever so
elapsie.
But photography has none of the
prosaic limitations of real life. Look
at the picture of the young girl on
this page. The sweetness of this face
would be most'y lost in a conventional
pose, while the artistic us? of a bit of
drapery and a big paper star trans
form it into the countenance of a
saint. And the girl with the palm;
see ho>v it adds to her height, until
the figrure takes on almost heroic pro
portions.
The head in profile illustrates what
a down-drooping feather may do.
This is not a nose to be photographed
in profile, but with such a hat the
tip-tilt is lost sight of in the general
effect. With an up-flaring brim such
as most hats possess nowadays this
nose would be simply a vulgar pug.
And so. "i say. H is all in knowing
how to pose, for when all is said and
done the line between the "profession
al beauty" and the woman with ap
parently no pretensions to good looks
is sometimes a very narrow thread.
JEAX RITTENHOUSE.
CASUALTIES OF TJXIOX FORCES AT BATTLE OF AXTTETAM.
| Killed. Wounded. I Captured. I
Officers] Men. Officers. | Man. Offlcen. Men. I Tot*!.
FlTst Army Corps... 25~ 392 100 1.051 ... 122 j 2.590
Serond Army Corps.. '63 820 188 8.671 3 303 | 5.13S
Fourth Army Corps.. .. • ... 1 8 .. I 9
Firth Army Corps 1 16 2 M .. . 3 I 109
Sixth Army Corps... 8 63 22 313 2 Si I 43S»
Ninth Army Corps... 24 414 I PS ( 1.69S 2 111 i 2.843
Twelfth Army Corps. 17 2SS | 63 1.323 .. • *5 I 1.749
Cavalry Division 1 J 6 .. -; •¦' 23 .. .. ! 30
Total j 130 1,969 474 \ 9.075 I 7 I 748 i 12,410
MeClellan's total strength at Antletam was 87.164.
An estimate of th« Confederate loss at the battle of Antletam and Its small pre;!*
cevsor. South Mountain, fives the following casualties: Killed. 1342; wounded. 9^39;
mlssiu's. 2292: total 13.B33L
The loss at South Mountain was small, and the total «iven is an underenirr.at*.
L#e"s strength at Antletam varied from 45. GOO when tho battle started to 79.000 at
its close.
Electric Organs
,""T> HE secret of the successful pho-
I tegraph is originality, and it is a
I fact that most of our famous
beauties owe their success less to
heir good looks than to their clever
less in rising before the camera. Al
nost any woman can pain a reputation
or beauty if she will take the trouble
o study herself. It sounds simple,
loesn't it? And no doubt it would sur
trise most women to learn that they
are really no idea what they look like!
'ou think their mirrors might tell a dif
erent tale? Not at all.^W'hen a woman
:>oks into her mirror nine times out ol
en it is not herself as she actually is,
iut the conventionalized woman, nt
ihich sh<? is taking a peep. Of her
eally good points the has probably
ot a notion. What concerns her most
5 the height of her pompadour or the
set" of her gown. When she visits
he photographer it is in the same
pint. She has no Idea of what she
ants beyond a vague desire that her
k-tu res shall look pretty and stylish,
nd unless the photographer chances to
* a man of genius the best which she
> likely to obtain will be a very poor
mitation of a fashion plate. Now, I
ZTve not a word to say against the
icman whose ambition in life is to
x»k as though sho lied just stepped out
f th? covers of "Vogue" or '"Bon Ton."
>h, dear, no!
If she chances t<» l«e thin, with no real
cauly to fall back upon, "style" Is
uidou'oledly Inr v. inning card. But
.hat I object to is that all should fol
ow the fa>hion idea without rejrard
or natural litneys. For. hard cs they
-.ay try, nil women cannot be fashion
>!atcs— thank heaven!— but each may
>e charming in her own way if she
u?t has the courage to be her
self. If nature has fitted her Jo p!ay
he ingenue in the drama of life, let
cr not try to usurp the leading wom
n's rla.ee. Oibscn poses are not for
er. Her charm lies in her very fem
ninity — ar.d in her . dainty, babyish
rocks *he can smile her way Into
rarts which would b* proof against
fc» strongest attacks of the shirtwalrt
irl. "But ore must follow the fash
:n." you say. Docs Sarah Bernhardt
Jilow the fashion? Who ever saw
nything like her queer, beautiful
owns in a fashion bouk.1 She has the
ourage to be herself and that is why
he is still "the divine Sarah" at an
ge when mest women are peacefully
;oddirg by the fireside, or rocking the
radlc of their grandchildren.
I :idm;t, however, that common
ense as well as artistic sense must
c exercised, and far be it from me
THE. SAN FR--\ SCI SCO - SUNDAY., CALL\
ODD AND ORTISTIE POSESthe amount at a later time. It was auite a merry party on the yacht, but
the beauty of the Sound addressed the members with no eloquence, as a
game of poker began as we started and was never deserted for the twenty
four hours we sailed. Not to seem churlish I played at times — "sat in," as
Mr. Backstay quaintly put it— and at' the end of the voyage it was dis
closed that the amount of my losses to my host just offset the bill I had
paid for sundry cases of wine, patties and other more substantial provisions.
I left the yacht in company with a quiet, smiling gentleman, who re-,
marked to me, "You paid the shot this time. I believe." He explained that
Mr. Backstay had evolved a plan of high living and plain sailing which
much amused and interested his friends. He had inherited nothing but
the yacht, "not enough else to buy a new duck suit for him," my acquaint
ance said, and lived on her permanently. When his larder ran low he asked
some guest to order a new supply and worked out the financial end as in my
case. The wages of the crew and other necessary expenses he won at poker.
"Jack's a deuce of a nice fellow," remarked my informant, "and we are
all awfully proud of him that he has evolved so successful a plan for living
nicely and honestly. Had he not such a pretty wit, or none at all, he might
have become a cotillon tender, and then we would have been obliged to cut
him, but as it is we are proud of him."
I relate this incident as evidence of the popularity I am enjoying, my
informant assuring me that Mr. Backstay only honored with invitations to
his yacht men whose qualities made their popularity a matter of course. I
chanced to speak to Mrs. Lacquerre of this and she laughed heartily, say
ing, "Poor, dear 'Jack* Backstay! We all know him, and I do assure you
that you have been correctly informed. He entertains no one*on that
amazing yacht of his whose qualities he is not certain are sufficient to
provide entertainment." She placed such a peculiar accent on the word
"entertainment" that had I been of a suspicious -nature it might have oc
curred to me that the kind of entertainment my qualities provided went
into the several hampers of wine and food I sent to the yacht— and paid
for. But, of course, it would be a kind of mock modesty I greatly con
demn for me to pretend that I am not in myself, and aside from my fot'-
DEAR UNCLE SILAS:— It is a penalty of popularity that one
may not have his time at his own disposal. I find myself so
much in demand that many serious studies of social problems are,
for the present at least, abandoned. I speak of this at once, as
it lead? me to reply to your well meant, advice concerning such
companions as Mr. "Bob"' Faykerr and Miss "Babe" Franklin. I readily
understand what you, at a distance and with what you will pardon mv call
ing old-fashioned ideas, may believe to be my personal dancer. But. dear
uncle, do not b alarmed on my account. I have had my lesson and shall
profit by it. I candidly admit that Miss Franklin may have deceived
me as to her necessities and worthiness and that Mr. Faykerr may have re
ceived a share of the money I lost in the gambling house as his commis
sion for introducing me there. This, I say, I admit; yet I cannot but feel
surprised that you have such knowledge of New York as to discover the
truth even from my letters. I had always supposed your visits here to be
strictly business in their nature, yet I hear from Mrs. Lacquerre that you
are well-known in her social sets, and I gather from her smiling remarks
that you do not disdain to indulge in the frivolities of society to an ex
tent. How little we really know of even those with whom our companion
ship has been the closest! You, whom I have always supposed to be a
model of somewhat prim, if not austere, conduct, to have so conducted
yourself here in New Yoric as to earn a reputation for gayety of demeanor
surpassed by few!
But these are mere reflections, and I recall your requests that my let
ters be confined rather more to narrative of events than observations on
ethics. I comply.
Mrs. Lacquerre having gone to her summer cottage. Boulder Crest. I
received from her a note inviting me for a week end. the time of mv ar
rival and departure being definitely stated in her note, even to the par
ticular train I was to take each way. This struck me as lacking in hos
pitality — as if one's hostess were fortifying herself against having a
stupid guest on her hands a minute longer than she had braced herself to
endure the ordeal. I can imagine instances where such precaution would
be advisable, but why should it be used in sending out invitations to guests
who are desirable? I have, I hope, no more than a properly high regard
for my own merits, yet I cannot but speculate upon the fact that for the
very week end Mrs. Lacquerre" named I had several other invitations
which did not limit my visit to minutes or hours — not even days. I was,
for example, invite 1 for a vachtine cruise by Mr. Jack Backstay, on whose
sloop, the Hyghboll, I had already made one vovage up the sound. I met
Mr. Backstay through Mr. Faykerr one evening and he cordially invited me
to take a run on his yacht the next day. He was going aboard that night
and asked me to call at a certain store in the morning and order a number
of articles, of which he gave me a list. I did so. noting that the goods con
sisted chiefly of refreshments of a solid nature and otherwise. When I
mentioned the yacht to which they were to be sent the salesman politely
but with marked firmness insisted upon cash in advance. Of course I paid
for the goods, thinking it would be entirely proper to remind my host of
tune, a young gentleman of high qualities as an entertainer. Only the
young and frivolous could deny that, I fancy.
This thought brings to ray mind Miss Frances Lacquerre. Not that
she is frivolous; she might be more acceptable in my esteem if she were.
She seems to be a youne woman with a high opinion, of her own merits,
and that is a phase of character I find it difficult to encounter with be
coming equanimity. Miss Frances has a lofty maner of looking at things
— at me. for example — which her mental attributes do not in any degree
justify. At the time of the conversation with Mrs. Lacquerre to which I
have just referred. I turned to Frances and. asked her opinion of Mr. Back
stay. She hesitated a moment and then replied: "I suppose, as society is
organized, there is a proper place in it for sharks to prevent an oversupply
of gudgeons."
"I fail to appreciate the application of your simile. Miss Frances." I re
sponded.
"Were there no gudzeons on Mr. Backstay's yacht?" she asked scorn
"Frances, dear," interrupted Mrs. Lacquerre, "you do not know what
a gudgeon is, and neither do I. Order us some tea."
The young lady raised her cvebrows at her mother, smiled in a wav
which exasperated me quite unaccountably, and responded coollv: "How
delightfully of one mind we all are — no one of us seems to know what a
gudgeon is. But, mamma, in vulgar parlance, isn't it described as a sucker?"
"Don't be slangy, Frances," was all her mother said, and the young
lady prepared tea. For a young woman of such little worth in intellectual
qualities she is much in my mind. Why I cannot tell. To be sure. I find
that her famed beauty, which I did not at first see. had grown upon me. I
seek in woman, as the poet wrote —
"Benignity and home bred sense.
Ripening into perfect innocence."
rather than
"A lovely apparition sent
To be a moment's ornament.'*
I find that Frances is — but why should I waste time in telling what I
think of her. Surely, she is nothing to me, nor would I wish her to be. I
learn that she "goes in for." as the quaint expression is. all out of door
sports and is very popular with voting gentlemen of my age, who, as I
learn, devote but little of their time to mastering the intricacies of political
problems; engaging themselves, rather, in futile pastimes of an athletic
nature. But I shall be able to tell you more of this phase of life uoon my
return from my promised week-end visit to Mrs. Lacquerre's country place,
and for that purpose suspend this letter for the present.
Well, Uncle. Silas, if you know what seaside cottage life is. and Mrs.
.Lacquerre assures me that you do, why have you never told me of it? I
am becoming convinced that in order to prepare myself to '"see life steadily
and see it it whole" it may be advisable for me to interrupt my studies of
national fiscal policies and for a time, at least, devote my energies to ac
quiring some knowledge of how mv fellow man of my own social condition
conducts his life. I was verv thorough in my course in sociology in col
lege, but now, to my surprise. I mijjht as well be a "pagan suckled in a
creed outworn" as a modern American for all that I know of many aspects
of life surrounding me.
Mrs. Lacquerre's cottage is a twenty-room mansion on a rocky point
of land reaching out into a bav filled with islands. It is several miles from
the railway station, and, with the exception of perhaps half a dozen other
equally expensive cottages, there is no other habitation within sight. But
all the cottages had week-end parties, so that for an event in which all were
interested, a company of nearly a hundred ladies and gentlemen assem
bled. In a later letter, perhaps, when my mind is more in order, I shall
give you a filled-in picture of our life at Bowlder Crest, but at present
must attempt but a scanty sketch. I shall not now describe the various
recreations on land — golf, tennis and squash— in which the company in
dulged, for it is with the water my experiences chiefly relate. In a little
cove, on the sheltered side of the point, as many as a dozen yachts were
anchored, some belonging to the hosts, some to the guests, and in addition
there were .numberless small craft of many odd shapes and designs, some
for sailing, some for rowing. In, on, around, and I may say under and
over, these yachts and various other craft, the life of the several house
parties chiefly centered, and there was continual intercourse between the
yachts and the landing; sometimes by means of rowboats manned by uni
formed sailors and sometimes by little sailing craft or by pretty motor
boats, and again even by swimming. A party of us were down at the bath
house, built on the deck of an old wreck, when Miss Frances said to me:
"Can you really swim? You do not play golf, polo, tennis, squash, nor do
yacht. If you swim let me show you off."
The remark rather confused me. as it had not occurred to me" that I
lacked in any of the accomplishments of the society my wealth and educa
tion places me in. Therefore I was pleased to think of what a powerful
swimmer I am.
"Surely," I replied, "I swim. Let us swim out to the yacht." Miss
Frances looked at me as if doubtful of my sincerity, so to prove it I
dived off and struck out. and she promptly followed. We boarded one
yacht by its landing steps and a maid enveloped Frances in a warm bath
robe. I felt some little pride in having our feat highly praised. Nothing
but yachting was talked off by the party assembled on the afterdeck, and I
determined to secure a boat of some sort at once in order not at all times
to feel so wholly out of the running, as the saying is.
That afternoon I quietly hurried over to a fishing village not far up
the coast and promptly made known my wish to an ancient mariner I found
on the wharf looking out to sea with one eye and narrowly regarding me
with the other. When I made known to him my desire to purchase a sail
boat he brought both eyes to bear on me, adjusted his trousers band with
both hands, spat to the right, then to the left, and at last slowly remarked:
"Well, sir, some men be lucky. Ef you be looking for a tried and true,
rcg'lar old-style Yankee sloop as hez proved herself at everything from
lobsters to lime, come with me."
The craft he showed me looked much in need of a bath, in spite of the
fact that she was quite as wet inside as out, but my seafaring friend as
sured me that with new sails and a coat of paint she would be as handsome
as a cup defender, and probably as last. I was impatient to become a pri
vate yacht owner, so I closed a bargain, and the ancient mariner offered
to sail me bacl: to Bowlder Crest Cove. As to the boat's sailing qualities
I have no knowledge, for I was so frantically busy pumping all the way I
heeded nothing except my rapidly blistering hands v But as we entered the
cove I heard much comment shouted through megaphones by gentlemen
on the anchored yachts, such as "Two to one she sinks before she beaches 1"
"Hi there, Noah, where are you going, overland?" This last remark was
suggested by the fact that at that instant we grounded heavily on the
beach. There was a shiver, a shake, a gentle sighing of old timbers, and mv
craft seemed to shrink and collapse. The mariner jumped overboard and
waded ashore, saying, "Never thought she'd get here, but the price was
worth the risk." •
All the guests from the cottages gathered to inspect my purchase
which, having been beached at high tide, we could soon walk around dry
shod, and there were many expressions of wonder that the skipper had
managed to fetch her so far from her ancient resting place. I felt some
chagrin as I learned that my purchase had long been an object of curious
interest as the oldest and craziest craft afloat, but before I revealed the
object of its purchase I heard Frances say to me with a meaning accent
"It was so kind of you to risk your life to supply our beach with a wreck"
It is so very picturesque, and we have always wanted one, but no one b£
fore ever thought of this plan. .
•-K I saw that she had said this to protect me from ridicule and to make a
hero of me. -and I attempted, perhaps with some feeling, to thank her but
she interrupted me by exclaiming: "Oh, greater freshness than yours' has
been salted by a clever woman!" Then she ran away. Now. what could
she have meant. Uncle Silas? What could she have meant? Affectionately
REUBEN. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
REVBEN FROM BEETVILLE.
12It is a fascinating subject, Russia. But for a wholesome fear
of my editor, I feel I could ramble on for columns. Nature has
made life hard there for rich and poor alike. To the banks of the
Neva, with its ague and influenza bestowing fogs and mist?! one
imagines that the devil himself must have guided Peter the Great.
"Show me in all thy dominions the most hopelessly unattractive
site on which to build a city," Peter must have prayed; and the
devil, having discovered the site on which St. Petersburg now
stands, must have returned to his master in high good feather. "I
think, my dear Peter, I have found you something really unique.
It is a pestilent swamp to which a mighty river brings bitter
blasts and marrow-chilling fogs. In the brief summer time the wind
will bring you sand. In this way you will combine the disadvan
tages of the North Pole with those of the desert of Sahara." In
the winter time the Russians light their great stoves and doubly
barricade their doors and windows ; and in this atmosphere, like
that of a greenhouse, many of their women will pass six months,
never venturing out of doors. Even the men only go out at inter
vals. Every office, every shop, is an oven. Men of forty have white
hair and parchment faces, and the women are old at thirty. The,
farm laborers during the few summer months work almost entircly
without sleep. They leave that for the winter, when they shut
themselves up like dormice in their hovels, their store of food and
vodka buried underneath the floor. For days together they sleep,
then wake and dig, then sleep again. So it is even with their bet
ters. The Russian party lasts all night. In an adjoining room
are beds and couches ; half a dozen guests are always sleeping. An
hour contents them, then they rejoin the company and other
guests take their places. The Russian eats when he feels so dis
posed; the table is always spread, the guests come and go. Once
a year there is a great feast in Moscow. The Russian merchant
and his friends sit down early in the day and a sort of thick
sweet pancake is served up hot. The feast continues for many
hours, and the ambition of the Russian merchant is to eat more
than his neighbor. Fifty or sixty of these hot cakes a man will
consume at a sitting, and a dozen funerals in Moscow is often the
result. An uncivilized 'people, we call them in our lordly way, but
they are young. They will see us out, I am ; inclined "to think.
Their energy, their intelligence — when these show above, the
groundwork and their animalism — are monstrous. I have known
a Russian to learn Chinese within six months. English! they learn
it while you are. talking to them. The children play at chess and
study the violin for their own amusement. The world will be glad
of Russia — when she has put her house in order.
Copyrighted 1904 by Central News and Press Exchange
telligent animals. Yet every educated Russian you talk to on the
subject knows that revolution 1 is coming. But he talks to you
about it with the door shut,ior no man in Russia can be'sure that
his own servants are not police spies. I was discussing the question
with a Russian official one evening in his study when his old
housekeeper entered the room— a soft-eyed, gray-haired, woman
who had been in his service more than eight years and whose po
sition in the household was almost that of a friend. He stopped
abruptly and changed the conversation. So soon as the door was
closed behind her again he explained himself: "It is better to chat
upon such matters when one is quite alone," he laughed. "But
surely you can trust her," I said. "It is safer to trust no one," he
answered.- And then he continued from the point where we had
been interrupted. "It is gathering," he said ; "there are times when
I almost smell blood in the air. I am an old man and may escape
it, but my children will have to suffer — suffer as children must do
for the sins of their fathers. We have made brute beasts of the
people, and as brute beasts they will come upon us, cruel and un
discriminating; right and wrong indifferently going clown before
them. But it has to be. It is needed. The future history of
Russia will be the history of the French Revolution over 'again,
but with this difference: that the educated classes, the thinkers,
who are pushing forward the dumb masses are doing so with their
eyes open. There will be no Mirabeau, no Danton, to be ap
palled at the people's ingratitude. The men who to-day are work
ing for revolution in Russia number among their ranks" statesmen,
soldiers, delicately-nurtured women, rich landowners, prosperous
tradesmen, students familiar with the lessons of history.* They
have no misconceptions concerning the blind Frankenstein into
which they are breathing life. He will crush them ; they know it ; but
with them he will crush the injustice and stupidity they have
grown to hate better than they love themselves. The Russian
peasant, when he rises, will prove more terrible, more pitiless, than
were the men of 1790. He is less intelligent, more brutal. They
sing a wild, sad song, these Russian cattle, the while they work.
They sing it in chorus on the quays while hauling the cargo, thev
sing it in the factory, they chant it on the weary, endless stepped,
reaping the corn they may not eat. It is about "the good time their
masters are having— of the feasting and the merry-making. Bui
the last line of every verse is the same. When you ask a Rus
sian to translate it for you he shrugs his shoulders. 'Oh, it means,'
he says, 'that their time will come, some day !' It is a sad, pathetic,
haunting refrain. They sing it in the drawing-rooms of Moscow
arid St. Petersburg, and somehow the light talk and laughter die
away, and a'hush, like a chill breath, enters by the closed door and
passes through: It is a curious song, like the wailing of a tired,
wind, and one day it will sweep over the land heralding terror."*
A Scotchman I met in Russia told me that when he first came
out to act as manager of a large factory just outside St. Peters-
burg, belonging to his Scottish employers, he unwittingly made a
mistake the first week when paying his workpeople. By a miscal
culation of the Russian money he paid some three hundred men
each one nearly a ruble short. He discovered his error before the
following Saturday and then put the matter right. The men ac
cepted his explanation with perfect composure and without any
comment whatever. The thing astonished him. "But you musL
have known I was paying you short." he said to one of them.
"Why didn't you tell me of it?" "Oh," answered the man, "we
thought you were putting it in your own pocket, and that if we
had complained it would only have meant dismissal for us. No
one would have taken our word against yours." Corruption ap
pears to be so general throughout the whole of Russia that all
classes have come to accept it as part of the established order of
things. A friend gave me a little dog to bring away with me. It
was a valuable animal and I wished to keep it with me. It is
strictly forbidden to take dogs into railway carriages. The list of
the pains and penalties for doing so frightened me considerably.
"Oh, that will be all right," my friend assured me, "have a few ru
bles loose in your pocket." I. tipped the 'station-master and I
tipped the guard and started, pleased with myself. But I had not
anticipated what was in store for me. The news that an English
man with a dog in a basket and rubles in his pocket was coming
must have been telegraphed all down the line. At almost every
stopping place some enormous official, generally wearing a sword
and a helmet, boarded the train. At first these fellows terrified
me. I took them for field marshals, at least. When they saw the
dog their astonishment was boundless. Visions of Siberia crossed
my mind. Anxious and trembling I gave the first one a gold piece.
He shook nic warmly by the hand. I thought he was going to kiss
me. If I had offered him my cheek I am sure he would have done
so. With the next one I felt less apprehensive. For a couple of
rubles he blessed me, so I gathered, and, commending me to the
care of the Almighty, departed. Before* I had reached the Ger
man frontier I was giving away the equivalent of English six
pences to men with the bearing and carriage of major generals, and
to see their faces brighten up and to receive their heartfelt bene
dictions was well worth the money.
* * *
I OUGHT to like Russia better than I do, if only for the sake of
the many good friends lam proud to possess among the
Russians. A large square photograph I keep always on my
mantelpiece. It helps me to maintain my head at that de
gree of distension necessary for the performance of all liter
ary work. It presents in the center a neatly written address in
excellent English, that I frankly confess I am never tired of, read
ing, around which are ranged"- some hundreds of names I am quite
unable to read ; but which, in spite of their strange lettering, I
know to be the names of good Russian men and women, to whom,
a year or two ago, the kindly idea occurred to send me a Christ
mas card, this message of encouragement. The individual Russian
is one of the most charming creatures living. If he likes you he
does not hesitate to let you know it, not only by every kindly
action possible, but, by what perhaps is just as useful in this gray
old world, by .kindly speech. We Anglo-Saxons are apt to pride
ourselves upon bei;;g undemonstrative. Max Adler tells a tale of
a boy who was sent out by his father to fetch in some wood. The
boy took the opportunity of disappearing and did not show his
face again beneath the paternal roof for over twenty years. Then,
one evening, a smiling, well-dressed stranger entered to the old
couple and announced himself as their long lost child. "Well, you
haven't hurried yourself," grumbled the old man, "and blarm me,
if now you haven't forgotten the wood !" I was lunching with an
Englishman in a London restaurant one day. A man entered and
took his seat at a table nearby, and glancing around and meeting
my friend's eyes smiled and nodded. "Excuse me a minute," said •
my friend, "I must just speak to my brother — haven't seen him for
more than five years." He finished his soup and leisurely wiped
his mustache before strolling across and shaking hands. They
talked for a while, then my friend returned to me. "Never
thought to see him again," observed my friend; "he was one of the
garrison at that place in Africa — what's the name of it? * * *
that the Mahdi attacked. Only three of them escaped. Ahvavs
was' a lucky beggar, Jim !" "But wouldn't you like to talk to him
some more?" I suggested. "I can see you at any time about this
little business of ours." "Oh, that's all right," he answered ; "we
have just fixed it up — shall be dining with him to-morrow."
* * *
I thought of this scene one evening while dining with some
Russian friends in a St. Petersburg hotel. One of the party had
not seen his second cousin, a mining engineer, for nearly eighteen
months. They sat opposite to one another, and a dozen times at
least during the course of the dinner one of them would jump up
from his chair and run around to embrace the other. They would
throw their arms about one another, kissing one another on both
cheeks, and then sit down again with moist eyes. Their behavior
among their fellow countrymen excited no astonishment whatever.
The Russian's anger is just as quick and vehement as his love. I
was supping one evening with friends in one of the chief restaur
ants on the Ncvsky. Two gentlemen at an adjoining table, who
up till the previous moment had been engaged in amicable con
versation, suddenly sprang to their feet and "went for" one an
other. One man secured the water bottle which he promptly
broke over the other's head. His opponent chose for his weapon
a heavy mahogany chair, and, leaping back for the purpose of se
curing a good swing, lurched against my hostess. "Do please be
careful," said the lady. "A thousand pardons, madame," returned
the stranger, from whom blood and water were streaming in equal
copiousness, and, taking the utmost care to avoid interfering with
our comfort, he succeeded adroitly in flooring his antagonist by a
well directed blow. A policeman appeared upon the scene with
marvelous promptitude. He did not attempt to interfere, but, run
ning out into the street, communicated the glad tidings to another
policeman. "That's going to cost them a pretty penny," observed
my host, who was calmly continuing his supper; "why couldn't
they wait?" It did cost them a pretty penny. Some half a dozen
policemen were round' about before as many minutes had elapsed
and each one claimed his bribe. Then they wished both comba
tants good-night and trooped out, evidently in great good humor ;
and the two gentlemen, with wet napkins round their heads, sat
down again, and laughter and amicable conversation flowed freely
as before.
? * *
They strike the stranger as a child-like people, but you are
possessed with a haunting sense of ugly traits beneath. The work
ers — slaves it would be almost more just to call "them — allow
themselves to be driven with the uncomplaining patience of in-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
RUSSIANS AS I KNOW THEM.
13.best to hinder woman from receiving
any acknowledgment for superior in
tellectual ability. Notably one may
quote the case of Madame. Curie, the
discoverer of radium. Coward Adam
says she discovered it by "a fluke" —
that is to say, by chanbe. Most great
discoveries occur, even to men, in the
same way. In the present instance the
''chance" came to a woman. Why
should she not therefore have all the
honor due to her? — the same honor
precisely as would fall to the lot of a
man in her place? Columns upon col
i urnns of praise would be bestowed
. upon her were she of Adam's sex. and
: all "the, academies of science would con
tend with each other as =to- which
> should .offer • her the best and most
distinctive award. But' Coward Adam
i" cannot- abide- the thought that "the
: woman whom thou gavest',' should take
an occasionally "higher rank than his
: ' own among the • geniuses of his age.
i • He must have . everything." or , nothing,
i ' He tries to ignore the fact that woman
i.' is - winning equal" honojs with himself
! in university degrees— he would fain
• forget that the two greatest monarchs
, Great Britain ever had were women—
. 'Elizabeth "and Victoria. There is a
i brave .Adam, , of course — a. civilized
s 'creature,* who owns and admits the
i ' brilliant." achievements of woman with
'. pride, and- tenderness— I am only just
- now speaking" of the coward "specimen.
'.. .The brave Adam. does not turn. tall or
» climb trees, . and he appears to. have
had nothing to do with the Garden of
Eden. Very likely he was born some
where else. For he says — "The woman
whom thou, gavest to be with me is
the joy of my life— the companion of
my thoughts. To her ray soul turns;
for her my heart beats; in her I.re
joice- her triumphs are my pride: her
success • is my delight. If danger
threatens her, I will be her defender,
not her accuser; should she be blamed'
for aught, I' will take her fault udoii
myself, and will serve as a. strong
shield between her and calumny. This
is the least I can do to prove my love
toward her — for without her I should
be the worst of creatures — a lonely soul
in an empty world!"
So says, or may say brave Adam!
But his coward brother does not under
stand such high-flown ssntiments.
Coward Adam's main object in life is to
"avoid a scene" with either the Lord
Almighty. Mister- Sarpint or Missis
Eve. He likes' to wriggle out of diffi
culties, both public- and private. In a
oulet way. He does not understand the
"methods'" of plain,' ' blunt people who
tell him frank'y. what a sneak, he is.. Ha
is very ubiquitous and much more fre
quently to be met with than his braver
twin. And if he should chance to read
what I have set down here concerning
him he will . nrobably say as usual:
"The -woman whom thou gavest" in
j various forms of anonymous vituper
ation. But his active policy will re
,main the same as it ever was — "Mis
ter. Adam,, he. clum up a tree!"
looks on, waiting for the inevitable
tirale cf his various hesitations and in
*niciencier> — the "Mister Adam, he
clum um a tree." For in most matters
ot social, political and moral progress
the great difficulty is to obtain an up
right, downright, honest and impartial
opinion from any leading public man.
The nation may be drifting devil-ward,
but statesmen are judged to be more
statesmanlike if they hold their
tongues and watch i^, go. They must
not speak the truth. It would offend
so many people. It would upset so
many interests. It would create a
panic on the Stock Exchange. It
would throw Wall street' into hysterics.
The woild's vast public, composed of
thinking, working and more or less
educated and intelligent people, may
and do crave for a bold utterdnee, a
truth openly enunciated and bravely
maintained, but to the weavers of po
litical intrigue and the self-seeking
schemers in governmental depart
ments, the public is considered merely
as a big child, to be soothed with lol
lipop phrases and tickled by rattle
promises. If the big child cries and
screams because it is hungry, they
chirp, to it about fair trade — if it com
plains that its ministers of l'eligion are
trying to make it say its prayers back
ward, they promise a full "inquiry into
recent abuses in the church." But tine
words butter no parsnips. Coward
Adam always climbs up a tree ' as
quickly as he can when instead of fine
words fine deeds are demanded. . Phy
sical feats of skill, physical gymnastics
of all kinds he excels in, but a mortal
difficulty always places him as it did
in the Garden of Eden, in what, he
would conventionally term "an awk
ward position."
Not so very long ago I saw Coward
Adam at his tree-climbing in a law
court. Three valiant descendants of
Ananias, all bound in a compact to
support their great ancestor's reputa
tion, appeared against me to try and
prove that I wanted to build a free
library in Henley street, Stratford-on-
A von, where there were some old
houses of "Shakespeare's time which I
judged it would be patriotic and nat
ural to save from wreckage. They said
'my motive was not to save the old
houses, but to put up a building com
memorative of my own philanthropy,
a la Carnegie. Never having had tho>
remotest intention of building anything
anywhere. I faced mine accusers. I
confronted Sergeant Buzfuz. I con
templated Messrs. Dodson and Fogg.
1 was one woman against three men.
I had only one witness who could an
swer to the fact that I never had so
much as dreamed of committing a free
library crime, and this witness was also
a woman. She, being in the employ and
under the rule of Messieurs les Ana
niases, ¦was of course "subpenaed" on
their side, and not on mine. Messieurs
les Ananiases swore themselves black,
— if not in the face, yet in the heart —
but despite the advantage they had of
being three to one, they were proved
libelers, and lost their case, going out
of court somewhat less perkily than
they came in. During the progress of
the whole business 1 was very much
interested as a kind of outside specta
tor, apart altogether from my own
share in the proceedings. Coward
Adam was climbing his tree all the
time, and I watched him climb. "The
woman whom thou gavest — " it was
the same everlasting old cry! One of
the Ananiases concerned had, soma
months before, contributed something
to the press about "the unwritten laws
of chivalry." Oh, those unwritten laws!
V/hy are they not called those un
acted laws? Seeing that Coward Adam
always quotes them when ignoring
them!
"Never kiss and tell," is, I believe,
an "unwritten law of chivalry." This
law, so I understand, Coward Adam
docs sometimes manage to obey, albeit
reluctantly. Because he would like to
tell— he would very much like to tell—
if— if the story of the kiss did not in
volve himself in the telling! But at
this juncture "the unwritten laws of
chivalry" step in and he is saved. And
chivalry is the tree up which he climbs,
chattering to himself the usual formula
— "The woman whom thou gavest to be
with me" — etc., etc. Alas, poor
woman! She has heard him saying
this ever since she, in an unselfish de
sire to share her food with him, gave
him the forbidden apple. ¦ No doubt she
offered him its rosiest and ripest side.
She always does— at first. Not-after
ward. As soon as he turns traitor and
runs up a tree, she takes to pelting
him. metaphorically speaking, with
cocoanuts. This is quite natural on
her part. She had thought him a man
— and when he suddenly changes into a
monkey, she doesn't understand it. To
this cause may possibly be attributed
some of the ructions which occasion
ally jar the harmonious estate of mat
rimony.
Coward Adam does very well in
America. He sees his position there
quite plainly. He knows that ' If he
climbs his tree too often, hundreds of
feminine hands will pull him down. So
he resigns himself to the inevitable.
He is not slow to repeat the customary
whine — "The woman whom thou gavest'
me"— but he says it quietly to himself
between whiles. Because he knows that
sho knows all his share in the mischief.
So he digs and delves, and finds gold
and silver and limitless oil' wherewith
to turn into millions of dollars for her
pleasure; he packs pork.- lays railway
tracks, starts companies, organizes
"combines"— and strains every -nerve
and sinew to "do" every other "Adam
save himself in his own particular line
of business so that "the woman (or
may we say the women?). whom thou
gavest" may. be clothed In Paris model
gowns and' wear jewels outrivaling in
size and luster those of all the kings
and queens that ever made their sad
and stately progress through history.
Indeed, Coward Adam, in the position
he occupies as a free citizen of that
mighty' republic over which the wild
eagle screams exultingly, looks a little
bit like a beaten animal. . But he bears
his beating well, and is quite pleasant
about it. In regard to "the . woman
whom thou gavest me" he is nearer
the imaginary code of "chivalry" than
his European brother. If the original
Adam had learned the ways of a mod
ern American gentleman of good edu
cation line manner, one can quite
imagine him >aying-^"The woman
whom thou gavest to be with me gen
erously offered me a share of the ap-
<Cop:. rishtod. 1TK>4. hy Central News and
Tro-s Kxehangc.)
*~p~r MONG the numerous fascinating
f I and delightful members cf the
I | male sex whom I have the honor
X -<* count Jtr- friends there is one
very handsome and devotedly attentive
gentleman of four years old, who is
particularly fond of reciting to ma in
private the following striking poem on
(tie "Fall of Man":
\\*h«n Iflcter Barpint did deceive
I'o^r liltte silly Missis Eve,
Tlv- 1>< i«l »:« «-j>Ie«l an apple gone
Frr-m uti the branch it hanprd upon;
That ai>i>lf \va«i a heavy lwrs.
And i't the J.ord Rot very cross.
He *carrhr<l the garden through and through.
.•lid :.-''¦•-.. "HI Adam'. Where are yuu .'"
Hut Mister Adam, he
Oum up a I ret.
There is something in this graphic
narrative which appears to tickle my
jroung ciiva'i^r's fancy immensely, for
whenever he says ''Mister Adam, he
dam up r. tree," he opens his big blue
eyes very widely, claps his tiny hands
very luudly. and gives vent to ecstatic
s-hrieks of laughter. It is quite evident
ihat he entirely understands and ap
preciates Adam's position. Young as
he is, he has the instinctive knowledge
within him that when the time comes
he will likewise adopt the "Clum up a
tree" policy. For Adam is the same
Adam still, and nothing will ever
change him. And when things are get
ting rather "mixed" in his career, and
the forbidden fruit he has so readily
devoured turns out to be rather more
sour and tasteless than he had antici
pated — when his garden of Eden is be
ing searched through and through for
the- causes of the folly and disobedience
which have devastated its original fair
ness, tho same old story may be said
of him — "Mister Adam, he clum up a
tree." Perhaps if he only climbed a
tree one might excuse him — but unfor
tunately he talked while climbing —
talks as though he were an old bab
bling grandam instead of a lord of
creation— and" grandam-like, puts the
bin me on somebody else. He says —
"The woman whom thou gavest to be
with inc. :>tie gave me of the tree and
I did eat." Coward Adam! Observe
how he at once transfers the fault of
his own lack of will and purpose to the
weaker, more credulous, more lovtns
and trusting partner — how he ieave.s
her defenseless to brave the wrath
which he himself dreads — and how he
never for one-half second dreams of
admitting himself to be the least in the
wrong. Hut there is always one great
satisfaction to be derived from the
perusal of the strange old Eden story,
and that is that "Mister Sarpint" was
of the mah! gender. Scripture leaves
no room for doubt on this point. It
says: "Now the serpant was more sub
til than any beast of the tield which
the Lord God had made. And he said
unto the woman — " So that a "he"
tempted :\ woman before "she" ever
tempted a "he." Women should be
duly thankful lor the sex of "Mister
Sarpint." und should also bear in mind
that this particular *he" was "more
subtil than any beast of the field
which the Lord God had made." On
many cr. occasion it will be found a
salutory and useful fact to remember.
Once upon a time, so wa are told,
there was an age of chivalry. The word
"chivalry" is stated in the dictionary
to be derived from the French "cheval,"
a horse, and "chivalrous" men were in
the literal meaning of the term merely
men who rode about on horseback. But
chivalry has somehow come to. imply
respect, devotion and reverence for
women. The "chivalrous" knight is
supposed to have gone all over the
world, wearing the glove or the ribbon
of his "ladye faire" in his helmet, and
challenging to single combat every
other knight that dared to question the
supremacy of her beauty and virtue.
1 confers at once that I do not be
lieve in him. If he ever existed he
must have been :i mosi unnatural and
abnormal product of humanity, as un
lil.o his first progenitor. Adam, as he
oould well be. For even in the "Round
Table" romances on 1 ? finds an entire
lack of chivalry in the eb-called chival
rous Lnignia of King Arthur. Their
moral principles left much to be de
sired, and the conduct of Sir Melia
graunce who betrayed the loves of
Lancelot and the Queen"** was merely
that of a common sneak. Coward
Adam spoke in him. as In many of the
Arthurian heroes — and that they were
mere "chivalrous" than the modern
male gossips who Jeer away a woman's
name and honor in thoir smoking and
framing rooms is a legend which like
that of the "Tree of Good and Evil"
itself requires stronger confirmation
than history as yet witnes&eth.
Coward Adam, taking him as he ap
pears in the present day. has lately
shown himself off in various odd phases
and lamentable positions. During the
South African war he came out strong
in some of our generals who put the
blame of- certain military mishaps on
one another like quarelsome children,
thereby losing dignity, and offered a
most humiliating spectacle to the
amazed British public. Coward Adam's
policy, after making a blunder, is to
adopt any He. rather than say frankly
and boldly— "I did It." He will eat
dirt by the bushel in preference to the
nobler starvation act of singly facing
his foes. He is just now exhibiting
liimwif to his usual advantage in the
British Parliament, while the nation
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH.
pie, and I did cat. But the serpent
whom thou didst permit to tell lies to
my amiable partner concerning this
special kind . of fruit was chiefly to
blame." ¦ •
Coward Adam, as he is seen, and
known among the low classes, crops.up
every day in newspapers, which duly
chronicle his various acts, such as
promising marriage to, poor working
girls and. robbing them of all their lit
tle savings,* as well as of their good
names— kicking his wife, starving his
children and spending every penny he
earns in the public-house. . But he" is
just as frequently met ¦ with 'in the
houses of the upper ten. .He will wear
the garb of,: a lord with ease, . and,
entering the house of another lord,
will cozen his host's wife away from
loyalty, to. her husband ,ln quite- the
manner "friendly." ¦ He is . likewise to
be i found occasionally- in the -walks of
literature, and where a woman is con
cerned in matters artistic, will '.'down**,
her If he can.' He has always done his
TOWARD ADAM.
14"A Church. Yard Story** is the fore
boding title of the longest - of i five
stories by B. Carradine gathered Into
a volume bearing the title mentioned.
Nothing 'more ghostly is to be , found
about the ; Initial tale of this volume
"Trusts Versus the Public Welfare."
by a C Richie, is an inspired philip
pic, as the title ¦ suggests. Believing
that combinations of capital for the
restraint of competition and the public
weal are irrevocably anti-onlstic, the
writer has supplied his lack of exact
scientific knowledge on the subject with
a wealth of invective and pseud 0 logic
of the street orator variety that makes
his book interesting, from one pcint of
view, even if not from 4 the one the
author would choose. . -.- .
The power of human personality is
strongly impressed on the reader of
the September number of the Book
lovers Magazine. These three strong
of the age. strong in widely differing
degrees— Minister Witte, '/Boss" Platt
and the late G. F. Watts — are the sub
jects of three most interesting articles
in this number. Beyond it* obvious
timeliness" N. T.: Bacon's estimate of
"Russia's Ablest Statesman" is in
reality a •well balanced and well in
formed resume of the state of Rus
sia's internal affairs, much more valu
able than columns of war news. Jo
seph M. Rogers has done for Platt
•what be recently, did for Quay—paint
ed him to the life. There is nothing
extenuated, rior aught set down in
malice, which fact renders the article
BALTHAZAR THE MAGUS— A. Van
der Naillen; R. F. Fenno & Co.. New
York; price 51 50.
STILL ON THE SEARCH— George
Otis Draper; Peter Eck!rr. New York;
illustrated; price 51 5?.
THE LIGHTING OF' SCH0OL
ROOMS-^-Stuart H. Rowe; Longmans.
Green & Co.. New York;" illustrated;
THE MANAGEMENT AND TRAIN
ING OF CHILDREN— William J.
Shearer; Richardson, Smith & Co.. New-
York; price n 50-
SONGS OF THE FLAG AND NA
TION — Compiled end <»<iit<?d bv Walter
Howes Jones; Hinds, Noble ac Eldreds?.
New York.-
BUSINESS LAW FOR BUSINESS
MEX-A. J ElrcLsoe; published by the
BOOKS RECEIVED
Mrs. Humphry Ward has again
achieved success In her philanthropic
work. Five years ago shs established
a- branch for special instruction and
care of crippled children in the vacation
school of the Passmore Edwards Settle
ment in London, which was founded
through her influence- These little
handicapped children have been ten
derly, nursed and taught trades and
arts, and the" tiny school is now able
to announce that one boy, formerly a
helpless invalid, : has been apprenticed
to a firm of -gold and, silver smiths;
"ancther.boy with spinal. complaint and
another with • club feet have been ap
prenticed to an artist In photogravure;
another punil.'is a printer's reader; one
girl J is serving In 'a-* milliner's atelier,
another is at the Art School and* will
finish her training eventually ' at the
Royal School of AVt Needlework." The
idea has been to train these physically
helpless children fn the *user of 'their
brains; that their lives? may be happy
and'self-supporting In spite of their in
flrmitiea. The wonder ¦ remains , that
"Jack Barnaby," by Henry James
Rogers, Is essentially a book with a
hero. Legion are the novels that have
to dissect and analyze the feminine
heart, but there are comparatively few
that devote themselves to an equally
searching examination into the stir
rings of a man's conscience. This Mr.
Rogers' novel does very thoroughly,
though with a tendency to exaggera
tion at times. This Jack Barnaby is
quite the man of to-day, full blooded,
full fledged in the world's knowledge;
whatever .he does is followed through
In ' no uncertain manner. , Even' when
he falls inevitably into the snares of
the winged god he reverses matters
and, instead .of playing the fool man
usually . makes of ; himself under such
circumstances, young Barnaby rules
his ladyloves with a high hand.'. This
alone should make refreshing reading
for the average individual through its
very novelty. . .
(G. : W. pilllngham Company, Neir
York; price $L) -
Overland Monthly for September Is
devoted largely to agrarian Interests.
"Three Nurses and a Chicken Ranch."
by Eugenia Venegas. tells pleasingly
what can be done "with the faithful hen
here in California. W. A. Tenny re
veals what v.ealth lies in the proper
culture of lima beans. Palo Alto is the
town chosen for a boost in this number
of the Overland.
Perdicaris, who was captured by
the Moroccan bandit Ralssuli and held
for ransom, has written the story of
his captivitv for Leslie's Monthly
Magazine for September. It is cer
tainly a unique narrative, and a thrill
ing one. and nothing like, it has ap
peared in any magazine for a long time.
Striking sketches of the personalities
of Henry Gassaway Davis, Paul Mor
ton. Ausust Belmont. Chart>3 S. De
neen and John FIndley Wallace are an
excellent feature cf the" number that
emphasize the characteristic war in
which this magazine dealk with cur
rent events through the men who con
trol the events themselves. There Is
also an interesting little article by the
late "Golden Rule" Mayor Jones 0*
Toledo on "The Ideal City"'and another
on "The Country Lawyer," by Judge
Shute.
. While we are warm on the subject of
poetry we may as well make a clean
sweep cf the review-shelf and have
done with It. A red bound book of far
less outward pretensions than Mr.
Malone's, but cf exquisite inward joy,
has been a source of unbounded pleas
use to the present writer for many a
long week. When brain-fag, melan
cholia or any other horrid specter
raised its bead alSove his typewriter he
had only to reach for this "Drift o"
Dreryns," by Lola Lanehart, and the
vapour disappeared instanter. Witness
this and- be convinced:
O, the werewolf — tiie werewolf!
It prowls all gray and mean.
It has four rows et strorjjc white teeth, with
" two red tongues between.
Its lasfhtfr is like laugh of hell. Its ey»« are
un and preen —
Are ten acd biirsd and preen. *
Now, for a common, every-day were
wolf, this particular specimen was fa
vored of nature beyond his fellows. In
deed. "Ten and blind and green" — that
is unique in the annals of optics.
Here is another, illustrating touch
ingly the power of innocence over the
savage heart:
THE YELLOW EDITOR.
Imperlcas, Impetifut. unafraid,
¦\Vith -worlds cf men bet puppets to his bow,
All-co3Quer?ag. Jcrrvcr uniirmarf-d —
Then comes Jnto his path a child — ah. now
Behold the svesttess of the lion's strength.
The tenderness — oh. who would credit or '
Believe. er« this, that elfla hands at length
CoaJd captive rr.ake the yellow elitor.
Believe ms, "Drift o* Dreams" is im
mense.
(Published by the author. Los
Angeles.)
McCLURE"S MAGAZINE for
September Is a vigorous ex
| 9 pression of American life and
* ¦*• Interest, ivart fact, part fic-
tion, all entertaining. Several
serious articles give it commanding im
portance and character. Of these Wil
liam Allen "White writes of "Roosevelt
and the Postal Frauds," and in a clear
and concise manner he tells the en
grossing story of this great crime
against the Government and the man
ner of Its exposure. But he does mere.
He reads the lesson of these events and
keenly characterizes the men who made
them. It is in all an article which
every American citizen will want and
ought to read. Ida M. Tarbell gets at
the very heart of the trust question in
her Standard Oil history in a masterly
paper on "The Price of Oil." Here Is
what the consumer wants to know —
hovr the trust affects prices. Miss Tar
bell traces the variation of oil prices
under the Standard's manipulations
from the beginning, and draws convinc
ing conclusions fr?m an overwhelming
array of facts, evidently wrought out
with Infinite pains.
The strength of the fiction in the
number well balances its serious Im
portance. - Frances Hodgson Burnett
concludes her charming and fanciful
story of child life. "In the Closed
Room." and the many readers who
sought its opening installment with in
terest will find the meat of the story
here. Samuel Hopkins Adams also in
dulges in fancy's flight and carries two
weary vrordlirrgs back to nature and
first principles through a beautiful
"Realm of Enchantment." In its power
they are boys again, and their adven
tures will have a wide appeal. Henry
C. Rowland writes a story of love and
yachting in his best vein, clever and
bright. A thrilling war experience is
narrated by Robert Alexander Wason
in "Babe Randolph's Turning Point."
He dramatically describes the noble
heroism of a Virginia, cavalryman, the
making of a man under the stress of
high duty and opportunity.
\ Gist
of the Magazines
"Miss Quigley. Tobacconist." by J. J.
Bell, is the story cf an Ideal and faith
ful love; "A Demonstration in SloydV*
by Philip Verrill Mighels. relates the
trials of a pretty girl who tried to live
her life seriously and.- scientifically;
"Gran'father Coquesne," by Ccsmo
Hamilton, is a dramatic romance of
Franco-Prussian passions and tempera
ments of the year . 1ST0: "The Inside
Story of It," by Rebecca Harding Da
vis, deals with politics, hearts, wire
pulling and women; "With a Clear
Conscience." by Barry Pain, is the con
fession of a philanthropist who Is. sub
rosa, an exponent of burglary as a fine
art; "A Natural Conclusion," by Tneo
dosla Garrison, ' is an 'innocent little
girl's breezy recital of the way a man
cf the world was completely subju
gated; "A Woman, a Spaniel.- and a
Walnut Tree," by Virginia "Woodward
Cloud, tells of a collector's ansusing
hunt for antiques and a • wife; "The
Doing and the Undoing." by Jane Find
lay Evans, a new and virile writer, ex
poses coffee-cooling army methods, and
in following the careers of two romantic
women gives a truth picture of foreign
residents* Iile in Manila.
A new popular edition of Henry Sav
age Landor's book on Tibet, "In the
Fcrbidden Land." is announced by Mr.
Heinemann. in London, for speedy pub
lication, interest in the volume having
been widely aroused by the Tibetan
campaign. The book is issued here by
Harper & Brothers, who also publish
"The Gems of the East," a vivid ac
cuunt of the same author's travels in
the Malay Archipelago.
GOPIOUS is the literature upon
the trusts. Upon this new and
untoward development in mod
em industrialism there has been writ
ten volume upon volume, pamphlet
after pamphlet, each with Its own pe
culiar try at a solution of the prob
lem. Of this growing bibliotheca. no
bttter types of the extremes of ; . value
reached by Its several component
lications could be:* chosen than those
represented by "Trusts of To-Day,"-by
Gilbert Holland Montague. and
"Trusts vs. the Public Welfare." from
the pen of H. C. Richie. The one is a
scientific survey of the economics of
great corporate organizations, calmly
and Judiciously set forth, the other a
fervently partisan screed, wherein as
sertion is made the only prop of argu
ment and reassertion the only substi
tute for logic Both are interesting,
but from widely different standpoints.
Montague sets forth in his book
both the theoretical and the actual.
Viewing the subject from the vantage
ground of a trained economist, he Is
enabled to draw the deductions that
must come of a strictly scientific
analysis; calling to his aid the statis
tics of trust promotion and trust man
agement, he is prepared to demon
strate the present status of the trust
problem on Its strictly practical side.
The theory of the trust as an out
growth of present day trade condi
tions. Its effect upon production and
labor — this occupies the first attention
of the author. The evils arising out of
combination, which are not Inherent
in its nature, but are the result of
improper conduct of biisiness; are
finally reviewed with a summary of
the legislative acts that have been di
rected against that form of organiza
tion. :.
That the tendency to combination
for the restraint of competition is a
natural outgrowth of highly organized
trade the author recognizes at the out
set. This tendency first manifested It
self in this country with the forma
tion cf the pools in the whisky and
oil interests. Then came the original
trust agreement of 1SS2 by which the
Standard OH first attempted to give
legal and binding obligation to the un
enforcible agreements of the pooL
With the declaration of the courts
against the legality of the earliest
form of trust came the combination
through "holding - corporations," at
present the seemingly unassailable
tenure of trust existence.
Now. therefore, we have combination
through this ""holding corporation," a
giant entity whose financial power Is
such that a purchase of the voting ma
jority of the frock of the several con
cerns combined brings complete control
over the respective boards of directors
and permits of a direction over tb"e gen
eral policy of all so rigid as to be prac
tically dictatorial. This is the modern
trust and this is the problem of the
trust as Montague states It:
"If the trust deserves to live the sav
ings of combination must be found. real
and legitimate; the first class of .evils
flowing from the mere fact of monop
oly must be proved either self-correc
tive or able to be corrected by statute;
the second class of evils, resulting from
the particular form assumed in the or
ganization of existing combinations,
must be sho.wn to be self -corrective • or
capable cf correction by statute."
This first class of evils, inherent In
monopolistic organization per se. and
Trhich must be capable of correction If
the trust deserves a true economic
place In modern industrialism, includes
the temptation to raise prices, to obtain
secret discrimination- from railroads, ¦ to
fix destructive prices for the crushing
of smaller rivals, to corrupt legislation
and to stultify individual initiative. To
the evils "arising out' of the * organiza-
All lovers of the classic In music
should provide themselves with the Au
gust number of Masters in Music, pub
lished by the Bates & Guild Company
of Boston. The present month's Issue
Is devoted to the late Antonin Dvorak,
conceded to have be«n one of the few
great modern composers. The maga
zine devotes the major part of its space
to criticism upon and analysis cf Dvor
ak's work. To this there are appended
the scores cf his best productions.
Trusts •
Problem Reviewed
"Susan Clegg and Her Friend, Mrs.
Lathrop." is the title decided upon by
Anne Warner for her book of Susan
Clegg stories, some of which are now
appearing in The Century. Little.
Brown & Co. will publish the book in
the falL The author has created a
quaint and original humorous charac
ter in Susan Clegg.
"I alsa' deny," proclaims Mr. Richie
in a fine burst. "I alsj deny that a
combination, however great Its capital."
can manufacture at less cost than the
same character of goodj - be pro
duced by the individual manufacturer if
be has sufficient capital in his business
to enable him. to conduct It properly,
and the" cost of raw materials, supplies
and labor are alike to both." That Is to
say that If the individual manufacturer
has "sufficient capital." i. e.. as much
as the trust, perhaps he can get as
large a margin of profit ar his fat
rival. Why, certainly. WI.. Mr. Richie
also deny that he is somewhat am-
biguous?
As a compendium of, "facts on trust
capitalization and dividends this book is
chiefly valuable in that they are facts
and not deductions of the author. He
has "fcrfef » reviews of", tfee- history and
financing of the rcost prominent mo
nopolies^ .which give* his book the value
of ready reference. Beyond that,.how
ever, it cannot be said that Mr. Richie's
work is cny great contribution to the
knowledge of the world.
("Trusts of To-day," McClure, Phil
lips & Co., New York; price, II
"Trusts Versus the Public Welfare," R.
F. Fer.no &. Co., New York.)
Notes
on OtSaer- Books
* * •T" HE Mother of Pauline," by L.
I Parry Truscott^ is a carefully
* conceived and skillfully exe
cuted novel on a decidedly morbid sub
ject. It Is the story of a wc-man who
is forced to decide between a conven
tional marriage and the recognition of
her child/ born out of wedlock. Through
the unfortunate puritanlsm of her older
sister — cne of that self-sacrificing type
who would gladly climb a martyr's
pyre if enly the world might be there
to applaud— Pauline i3 made to suffer
the keenest mental anguish and finally
to unite herself to the man of her
early love with the recognition of the
little daughter still held in abeyance.
How the unfortunate mother is forced
to cloak the love 'for her little one
under a semblance of charity until her
mother's Instinct breaks down all bar
riers of convention and she comes-forth
boldly with the truth before all, is the
substance of the greater part of the
noveL.
There is some good character delin
eation in Truscott's story, especially^
that of the pusillanimous doctor, and
the author has succeeded In catching
very aptly the narrow atmosphere of
austerity that surrounds the people of
his story. . The theme, however, seem
ingly so attractive to authors of the,
analyzing school, is not one to attract
the average reader, nor does the action
in the piece rise greatly beyond the
drone of the commonplace.
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price
11 50.) '
other than the fact thai It Is supposed
to bo related in a church yard. None
of the short sketches are interesting
enough to move even the most ex
citable spook, though the negro dialect,
which acts as a conveyance for most
of the telling, is* somewhat better than
that found in the average Southern
story.
*(M. A. Donohue & Co.. Chicago.)
; Walter Malone. a Southern poet
whose work is not unknown to maga
zine readers, has collected all the verse
he has written since childhood — to
judge by the youthful quality of some
of It — into a good sized volume. It is a
passing odd potpourri of blank verse.
jingles and attempted Spencerian this
v^rse-bock of Walter Malone's, re
markable chiefly for the high personal
retard which the poet holds for him
self as evidenced by his faithfulness
in collecting all his poetic frag
ments into this imposing monument.
Through constant experimenting and
shifting of the weights h« has man
aged to hit out one cf two really clever
metrical conceits, notably "The Chrys
anthemum"; but these green spots
hardly atone for. the long sandy
stretches of stuff which ik» editor could
countenance. After all, one can do no
better than to Indorse most freely this
plaint of the Southern poetaster:
The critic wondcrr ivhr the lowly bards
StHl write and write, when no one emsis
to read.
tVTicn laiae ar.d irrturie still refnse rewards.
An-3 i»hi3 the world sivea trot a wreath
el wtcd.
One critic; at least, answers "aye" to
this naive statement of the -poet's lot.
(Paul & Douglass Company, Mem
phis. Tenn.)
Mrs. Ward can find time to accomplish
so much valuable work In addition to
the writing of novels, of which her
latest. "The Marriage of William
Ashe." is now appearing in Harper's
Magazine.
MINGLED disappointment and
pleasure n-.ust come cf the read
ing of Irving Bacheller's latest
romance. "Vergilius" — disap
pointment because there is rot enough
cf it: pleasure since what there is in
the novel is artistically wrought. The
those cf the bock is a great one. its
treatment incommensurate. In select
ing for his motive the dawning of a
new &vA great love over the earth with
he birth cf the Redeemer. Mr. Bachel
or h^s set fcr himself a frame which
flexnanda much mere than the sketch
he has ioza; the rounded picture he
should have given us could never be
• ek —passed by limits ruch as bound
•¦Vtrgilius." Either the creator of
"Eben Holden" has come to the belief
that a Icrg revel is never Justified,
even by the sublimest theme, or he has
failed to grasp the full significance of
his oppcrtunity.
Bachelor cheeses for the iznG.&zlyiz.g
thread cf his story the same motive
that inspired "Ben Hur." or the less
w'.Sc'.y knewn "Darkness and "Dawn."
by Dean Farrar. Catching the swing
cf the world ca that great pivotal
pcinr, the coming cf Christ, he seeks
to refiect the advent of a new and
tplendid humanity which cast its glow
ever the pecples cf the world even be
fore the great glory shene around the
ct£±Ie at Bethlehem en the night of
tie Nativity. Into the brutality, the
Leartlessness and the despair that
eteeped the decadent society cf the
early Roman empire there came from
cut the mysterious East a cry: ¦ -
F>— • c=i«*ly »e=a. the r*w Kir.g what arrow*
i^t.: cy u tie Ughtsis*.
iiticsr th» m«htr alra'.d asi the prcs^ to
tew lew tad the cricked to tresitJe.
"Rc=e had passed the summits and
ttcod locking into the dark valley of
fecrteea hundred year*. Behind her
the graves cf Caesar and Sallust and
Cicero end Catullus and Virgil and
Ecrace; before her ctnturles cf mad
ness and treading down; round about
her a multitude sickening of luxury,
their houses filled with spoil, their
inecths xrith folly, their eouls trith dis
content; above her crly mystery and
tilerce-"*
This la the background for the story,
set in the opening paragraph. Into
ifcis scmber shadow the author casts
the fortunes of the love of Vergilius,
a young Roman tribune, and Arria,
•ward snd favorite of Emperor Augus
tus himself. Out cf the miasma and
the clime ¦ cf the debauched life at
Rome, these two, fired by the faint
rtirrings cf a new and indefinite sense
cf purity, raise their affection. In
trigue and treachery, threatening their
fendest hopes at Rome, are doubled
when Vergllics is tsnt by Augustus to
the court cf Herod at Jerusalem. There
he csccpes the entangling mesh cf
Saicne. the witching daughter cf the
King, only to fall all unwittingly into
the very vortex of a plot against the
throne. The mid cf armed men upon
a midr.'.rht meeting, the insensate and
diabo*.;- wrath of Herod vented in
the reddened sands of the arena and
the final orgy cf the feast at Caesarea
—these are incidents which by their
centrist throw irto its place of prom
inence the final picture cf the story,
Bethlehem «Lnd the birth cf the Savior.
In the light cf the guiding star and
w;th the heavenly chorus In their ears.
Vcrgilics and hi* love, Arria. are
brought together In this the first hour
cf :he world's new birth.
Batcheller'e bock is manifestly the
verk of elaborate study. From the In
sistence upon the classic "e" In the
nnme of the hero, on through all the
pictured scenes of past grandeur,
work shows a painstaking adherence
to the word of the authorities. Its
libleaux of banquet hall and arena, In
••iilr.s comparison, of course, with
these of '"Quo Vadis." are high with
eclcr. though falling in the vivid
minuteness of description that makes
the- Polish writer's book panoramic in
it* character. Faithful, too, according
to contemporary chronicles, is the au
thor's delineation cf Augustus — whose
fc3 name d many parts he delights
in rolling about the tongue — and of
Kerod. the "Lion of Judea.**
With all reverence the author
handles the clement of the divine in
his tale. Though one would instinct
ivr'y look 10 find lie actual picturing
«f the nativity in e. book of greater
rrete::siorjs than "Vergiiius," no fault
can be found with BacheHer's de
lineation of the mysteries of that far
away night in the city of David. But
his taste may be questioned when in
the same chapter with the heavenly
paeans and the call of the adoring
wise men we read of the uniting of
two lovers. In proximity to the holy
revelation of the birth of Jesus Christ
the love affair, of a man and a woman
!s incongruous, to say the least. : .
(Harper & Bros.. New York; price
ticn and conduct of the trust in its
present form belong the tendency . to
unscrupulous promotion, overcapitaliza
tion and bad management. '
The trust's savings must be real and
legitimate if that form of combination
is to be justified economically, says
Montague. In the discussion of. what,
the savings, of combination are he
makes this «-trong point: Ecop<sr.Vl«*. : -:Ti
the marketing of product, resulting
from restricted competition, are sav
ings par c7C^-«ll?nce to be distinguished
from savings in the production of out
put resulting from concentrated capi
tal- Thus does Montague defend the
•trust.' in that It makes possible this
real increment of gain:
¦ "The rrevention of ruinous compsti
ticn and of industrial war, the saving
of enormous sums* which vain compe
tition among middlemen is fcverywbere
losing between producer and consumer,
the economy to the manufacturer - of
larg^ stale hr>rga.inin.T with nis banker,
v.ith his employes and with the pro
ducers of raw materials, and. finally,
the usual economies of production on a.
large scale — all .these ravings show the
new form of. business organization (the
trust) to be more economical and.con
sequently to be more efficient than the
old."
The control of output and of the mar
ket the author admits to be the great
est trust evil- By frightening out small
er competitors with a great show of
capital the trust naturally has the pow
er to fix its own price upon the com
modity controlled. But, says the writer:
"In the" persistence with which com
petition against a trust continues, in
the quickness irith which that competi
tion increases when opportunity, for
profit under unusual prices - appears,
and in the ever-present possibility of
competition which meets a trust at
every turn in its policy, lie the safe
guards against the abuse of this great
power." «
In detailing the part played by pro
moters and underwriters in -the forma
tion of the trust and the direction of Its
initial policy Montague follows lines
made. familiar by recent revelations in
the financing of the shipbuilding trust
and United States Steel. Overcapitali
zation and the floating of watered
stock, though It harms no one save the
shareholders in the trust, gives to that
form of combination a rapidly growing
element of actual fraud. The true basis
of capitalization should be the earning
power of the combination. "A proper
capitalization is that which so adjusts
the amount of securities to the earnings
as to make the stock sell for its face
value."
After reviewing to some length *he
history of anti-trust. legisl: lion, the au
thor closes his volur-e with a critical
resume of the practicability of the
many measures advanced for the con
trol of the monopolies. Constitutional
amendment, disturbing the present bal
ance between Federal and State com
mercial regulation in favor of the one
or the other, would. In the opinion of
the writer, but strengthen the organ
izations aimed at through the confusion
arising out of the matter of court ju
risdiction- . The enlargement of the
power of Congress over Interstate com
merce to the extent of putting a
quietus to the interstate traffic of
overcapitalised and dangerous mo
nopolies meets this question, "What la
overcapitalization, when is monopoly
proved, and where is interstate com
merce?"
"By enforcing publicity in Interstate
trading corporations," says Montague,
in his suggestion for remedial meas
ures, "assuming that the trusts are
deraonstrably engaged in * Interstate
commerce, the -whole evil arising from
the form of modern trust organization
might be corrected. By strengthening
the interstate commerce act to prevent
freight discrimination the whole evil
of practical monopoly might be correct
ed. These last two remedies. carry in
themselves the cure of most trust Ills."
September is the season of turn
ing: leaves; the brightest will be found
in this month's Smart Set. It con
tains 160 pages of delightful stories,
poem3 and sketches by the best au
thors.
An unusually clever novelette. "The
Mission • of .Mr. Eustace Greyne." by
Robert Hichens. opens the number.
It is a very humorous account of the,
mistakes and misdemeanors 'of an
Englishman who. on behalf of his lit
erary wife, endeavors to make a dig
nified study of "African frailty"
among the shady corners of Algeria-
A Tale
of £He Nativity
The September number cf the
"World's Work is replete with signifi
cant and timely articles. ."Steadying:
Conditions in the Business World" i3
a sagacious contribution to business
sanity as we approach the election.
There is a hint to future world's fair
makers in "Possible Exhibits of Model
Homes." by George He:?. M:sa Helen
E. Haines tell3 ho-rc-gocd book3 are
being carried into the backwoods, in
her article on '"The Growth of Trav-»
eling Libraries." There is a wonder
ful ircn-producirsgr range in. Minneso
ta, called the Mesaba. from ¦which
more ore 13 dug than is produced by
any whole ration but Germany — this
is vividly described by Francis NT
Stacy in a richly illustrated article.
"The Iron Mines That Give Us Lead
ership." Miss Adele Marie Shaw
writes of "Backward Country Schools
Near Big: Cities." photographically il
lustrated. In "International Control
of Immigration." J. D. Wh-lpley pre
sents some startling- facts about the
peril? of our enormous foreign Influx
of illiterates.
ef real value. Its Interest is unde
niable, for Mr. Rogers knows the art
of political portrait painting from the
ground up. His study of the "Easy
Boss" abounds -with anecdotes and epi
grams, and is profusely and very
amusingly illustrated. The illustrated
article on "A Painter of Men and
Ideas" is an appreciation of the life
work of one who -was? net only a great
painter, but a great man — Georg-
Frederick Watts. Mrs. Charlotte Per
kins Gilinan's paper oh ""The Growir.jr
Power of Woman" records her impres
sions of. the International. Congress of
Women recently held at Berlin. It is
a striking presentation of the.cumula
tive results already attained by the
projection of the personality of the
modern cultured woman into public
affairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
BOOKS AND WRITERS OF THE HOUP
15Digest of
Platfonm
CTn, ARIPF — Prolection which guards and develops
I our industries is a cardinal policy of the Re*
I publican party. The measure of protection should
¦* always at least equal the difference in the cost
of production at home and abroad. We insist upon
: the .maintenance of the principles of protection and
therefore rates, of duty should be readjusted only
when conditions have so changed that the public In
terest demands their olleration, but this work cannot
be safely committed to any other hands than those of
the Republican party. To intrust It to the Demo
cratic party is to Invite disaster.
Whether, as in 1892, the Democratic party de-,
clares the protective tariff unconstitutional, or wheth
er it demands tariff reform or tariff revision, its real
object is always the destruction of the protective
system. A Democratic tariff has always been fol
lowed by business adversity; a Republican tariff by
business prosperity.
We have extended widely, our foreign markets,
"and we believe fn the adoption of all practical meth
ods for their further extension, including commercial
reciprocity wherever reciprocal arrangements can be
effected consistent with the principles, of protection
•arid without Injury to American agriculture, Amer
ie.'in. labor or any American industry.
MON'EY-HWe believe It to be the duty of the Re-
; 'publican party to uphold the gold standard arid the
integrity and value, of our national currency. The
maintenance of the gold standard, established by the .
Republican party, cannot; safely be committed to the '
Democratic party, which resisted Its adoption and has
.never given any proof since that* time of belief in it
"or fidelity to "it. .
TRUSTS— Laws enacted by the. Republican party,
which trie Democratic party failed to enforce and ,
.which were intended for the protection of the public
against the unjust' discrimination" or the illega 1. en
croachment of vast aggregations of capital, have
been fearlessly enforced by a Republican President
and new laws insuring reasonable publicity as to the
operations 1 of great corporations and providing ad- '
dltionaT remedies for the prevention of discrimination,'
In freight rates have been passed by a Republican;
Congress.
NEGRO PROBLEM- — We favor such Congression
al action as shall determine whether< by special dis- .
crimination the elective franchise in any State hus
been-unconstltutionally limited, and ir such -is "the \
ease we demand' that representation In Congress and
In : the; electoral college shall be proportionally re.-,
duced; as directed by 'the; constitution of the United
"States. ¦ . *• . v ' '
ITHK PHILIPPINES— In the Philippines we huve
ppressed insurrection, established order and given
life and property a security never known there
fore. We have organized civil government, made it
ectlvt? and strong in administration and have, con-
Ted upon the people of those islands the largest
il liberty they have ever enjoyed. . ,
{CAPITAL; AND LABOR— Combinations' of capital;',
d of labor are the results of ; the; economic move
;nt of. the age. but neither musl be permitted to, In
fringe upon the rights and interests of the peoplt.
Such combinations, when, luwfuily. formed for ;law-;
ful : purposes, are alike entitled' to , the protection .'of '
the lawsi but both are subject to the luws and neither
!" can"- be permHted to break them. ,
ISTHMIAN CANAL — The possession of a route
for an lethrnlari- canal. {so long the. dream of Ameri
can stateemunHhip,. is now, an' accomplished fact. The
great work of eonoe^tlng'tne'. Pdelfio und Atlantic ,by
a 'ennui Is at lust begun, and It is due to the Repub
lican party.
MERCHANT MARINE— While every other Indus
try lias prospered under the fostering aid of Repuo
llcan' legislation, American shipping engaged In for
eign trades, in competition with the Jow coat of con
struction, low wages and heuvy subsidies of foreign
government?,' has not for many years received from
th? Government of the United States udeciuate en
couragement: of tiny kind. We therefore favor legis
lation which will encourage and bulhl up the Ameri
can merchant marine, and' we cordially approve the
legislation, of the lust Congress which created the
merchant marine commission to Investigate and r-J
l.ort uiiiin ihis subject!
PENSIONS — We are always mindful of the coun
try's debt to the soldiers ftnd sailors of the United
States, and we believe In making ample provision for
them and in the liberal administration. of the pension
(Vote last State election.)
1903;..... SM03F 45.6S9R ., 7,78t5lt
Conncctieiit.'
(Presidential votes.)
li#:, ...:', 102.567 R 73,9?7D 2S.57OR
(T«te last Slate election.); "•
1902...... Si.UCSR 69,r,30D 16.003R
: Delaware.
(Presidential votes.)
1900. 22,70:.R 16.632D 4.053R
(v'ote last State election.)
190:'......' 20,703 U 16.G32D 4,033 R
(Presidential votes.)
1PO0 28.007D 7.314R' 20,6'.UD
, (Vote last State election.),
19O2..r... 1G.428D No Rep. ticket.
(Presidential votes.)
1900. S1.700D 35,035 R 46.665D
(V«tte last State election.)
1M2...... S1.51SD 6.566R 75.982D
(Presidential votes.)
1900 S8.W7R 2^,414D 2.417D
(Vote last State election.) '
1902 31.874 R 26,021 D 5.853R
(Presidential votes.)
1900 G97.PS5R G03.0G1D 94,92 lit
(Vote last State election.)
l'.'O2 4S0,G95K »60,925D 89.770R
Indiana. .
(Presidential votes.)
1900 .1M.or.3H 309,5841) 26,48111
(Vote lust State election.)
1P02 298.819R 2«3,555D 35,264 R
I own.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 307,78511 209.179D 98.G00R
(Vote last Stnte election.)
1903 238.798R 159.708D 79.090R
Kansas.
(Presidential voles.)
1900 185.955R 162.G01D 23.354R
(Vole lnst State elc?etlon.)
1902 159.212R 117,1481) 42,09111
Kentucky.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 235,1031) 227.128R 7,9751)
O'ote last State election.)
K.... 229.014D 202.76411 M,25f»D
Louisiana.
(Presidential votes.)
1100 C.1.G71D 14,23311 39.438D
FOR purposes of comparison the
following table la Riven, show-
Ing the returns for Ihe different
States for the last Presidential
und State elections, and the
Democratic or Republican plurality In
(Presidential votes.)
1900 97.131D 53.512R 4I.619D
(VotCTCst State election.)
1902 C7.763D 24,421 R 23.342D
Arkansas.
(Presidential »votes.)
1100 81.142D 44.S00R S6.342D
(Vote last State election.)
1P02 77.354D- 29.251R 48.103D
California.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 '. 164,755 R 124.935D 39.770R
(Vote last State election.)
1902 145.332R 142.732D 1.550R
BLIH Colorado.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 122.733F 93,072 U 2«,6Blli'
Presidential Ift.es*alts Since HQG4 efcKfcd Sftafte Elecftioifts Simice B.9OO
Maine.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 63,43511 36.822D 28.613R
(Vote last State election.)
1902 G5.8.19R 38,3491) 27,490ft
» Maryland.
(Presidential votes.)
..¦¦¦¦, 136.2I2R 122.271D* 13,94111
(Voto last State election.)
1903 t>5,923R 108.54SD 12.625D
Massachusetts.
(Presidentlnl votes.)
1900 l!38,8GtiR 15<>,997D 81,8691%
(Vote last Stnte election. >
1903 199.GSIR 1W.700D 81.8ii9K
Michigan.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 31G,2tWR 211.685D 10I.M1R
(Vote last State election.)
1902 215.825R 127.582D 104,53111
(Presidential votes.)
IPOrt 190.461 R 112,90U» 77,560R
iVote last Htate election.)
1902 155.8GIR 99.3751) M,m\\
Mississippi.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 51.706D B.75.1R 45.953D
(Vote last State election.)
1903 32,1911) No Rep. Ticket.
Missouri.
(Presidential votes.)
litOO .151,9221) 314.092R .17,8301)
(Vote last State election.)
1902 27.1,0810 223,3!>7R 44,(5841)
Montana.
(Presidential voles.)
1900 ;S7,146D 25..173R 11,7731)
(Vote last State election.)
1902. 21.20ID 31.G90R 10.18(»R
Nebraska.
(Presidential votes.)
19W. 111,01.11) 121.835R 7.822R
(Vole last State election.)
lftOS 87,8611) 96,991 R 9.127R
Nevada.
(Presidential votes.)
1000 ,1,84911 . 6.317D 2.49SD
(Vote last State election.)
1PC-2 4,786 R 6.6119D 1.74.11)
New Hampshire.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 54.S03R 35,4891) 19.311 U
New Jersey.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 221.707R 164.ROSD 56.899R
(Vole last State election.)
1901 183.814R 166.681D 17.I33R
New York.
(Presidential votes.)
1M00 821.992R 678.386D 113.606R
(Vote lust State eloellon.)
1902 - 665.150R G33.398D 9.752D
North Cnrolinn.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 157.752D 133.031R 2I.671D
(Vote last State election'.)
19<>2. ,,.... 132.239D 71,27511 60.96ID
(Vote last State election.)
1903...... 2U.275R * 30.578D 1.303D
South Carolina. ;<
(Presidential votes.)
1900...... 17.236D 3.579R 43.657D
South Dakota.
(Presidential votes.) ¦
1900...... 54, 530 R 39.544D 14.986R
(Vote last State election.)
1002...... 48.196R T .2l,396D 26.800R
. (Presidential votes.)
1900...... 144.751D 121.194R 23.557D
(Vote last State election.)
902. .... 218.959D 5G.678R 162.281D
..' (Presidential votes.)
MO. .... 2G7.337D 121.173R 146.164D
(Vote last State election.)
902...... 216.959D 56.G78R 162.281D
. ' (Presidential votes.)
1900...... 47,13911. 45.006D 2,1231*
(Vote last State election.)
l?02 43.214R 08.433D 4,781 R
Vermont.
(Presidential votes.)
19.00 42.563R 12.849D 29.719R
(Vote last State election.)
1902...... 31,86411 - 7.364D . 24,500 R
,*; T , Virginia.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 14G.080D 115.865R 30.21CD
(Vote last State election.)
1901 U6.682D 81.366R 35.316D
Washington.
(Presidential votes.) "
1900 G7.456R 44.833D 12.623R
(Vote last State election.)
1902 59.017R 32.544D 26.673R
West Virginia.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 119.S29R 98.807D 21,02211
(Vote last State election.)
1900 , 118.807R 10tf22GD 18.581R
Wisconsin.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 265.866R 1G9.285D 106.581R
(Vote last State' election.)
1902. 193.417R 145.818D 47.D99R
Wyoming. v
(Presidential votes.)
1900...... 14.482R 10.161D 4.S18R
(Vote last State election.)
1901 11,4$3R 10.017D 4.2C8R
North DnkolA.
(Presidential votes.)
1900 35,89111 20,5191) 15.37211
|P!n (Vole last State election.)
1902 31,$21R 17.&6GU 11.055R
Ohio.
(Presidential voles.)
1900 6I3.918R 474.S82D 69.036R
(Vote last State election.)
1903 475,5G0R Ml. 7 IS I > 113,812R
(Presidential v..tes.)
1900 46,52611 33.383D 13,141 P.
(Vote last State election.)
1902 41.581R 41.83TD 27GD
Pennsylvania.
(Presidential votes.)"
1900 712.65GR 421,232D 288,4211!
(Vote last State election.)
190.1 G03.775R ¦ 235.168D 26S.707R
I'liode Island.
(Presidential voles.)
1900 33,784 R 1D.812D 13.972 R
BIg'esi of
ifoe Democratic
Platform
TARIFF — The Democratic party has been and
will continue to be the consistent opponent of
Jhat class of tariff legislation by which certain
Inleresu have been permitted, 'through Congres
sional favor, to draw a heavy tribute from the Amer
ican people.
We favor a revision and a gradual reduction of
the tariff by the friends of the masses and for the
commonweal, and not by the friends of its abuses,
its extortions and ita discriminations, keeping in view
the ultimate ends of "equality of burdens and equality
of opportunities" and the constitutional purpose of
raisins a revenue by taxation — to wit, the support of
the Federal Government in all Its Integrity and viril
ity, but in simplicity.
MONET — Parker telegram to W. F. Sheehan:
"I regard the gold standard as firmly and irre
vocably established, and shall act accordingly If the
action of the convention to-day shall be ratified by
the people. As the platform is silent on the subject,
my view should be made known to the convention
and, If It Is proved to be unsatisfactory to the ma
jority, I request you to decline the nomination for me
at once, so that another may be nominated before
adjournment."
Reply of convention: "The platform adopted by
this convention is silent on the question of the mon
etary standard because It Is not regarded by U3 as a
possible issue In this campaign, and only campaign
issues were mentioned in the platform. Therefore
there Is nothing In the views expressed by you in the
telegram just received which would preclude a man
entertaining- them from accepting a nomination on
said platform." ,
TRUSTS— Any trust or unlawful combination en
gaged in interstate commerce which is monopolizing
any branch of business or production should not be
permitted to transact' business .outside of" the State
of Its origin. Whenever it shall be established in any
court of competent jurisdiction that, such' monopo
lization exists such prohibition should be enforced
through comprehensive laws to be enacted on V* the',
subject ¦/,.".".- k - ¦.* ' ".
NEGRO PROBLEM— The race question has
brought countless woes to this country. The calm
wisdom of the American people should see to it that
It brings no more. . To revive the dead .andj hateful
race and sectional animosities in any part of our
common country means confusion, distraction of busi-.
nesa and the reopening of wounds, now happily healed.
THE PHILIPPINES— We insist that we ought to
do for , the Filipinos what we have done already for
the Cubans/ and it is our duty to make that prom
ise now, and upon suitable guarantees of protection
to citizens of our own and other countries resident
there at the time of our withdrawal 'set .the' Filipino
people upon their feet, free and Independent to work
out their own destiny.
, "CAPITAL AND LABOR— We favor the enactment
and administration of laws giving labor and capital
impartially their just rights. Capital and labor ought
not to be enemies. Each. Is necessary to the other.'
Each has its. rights, but the. rights of labor are cer
tainly no less "vested," no less "sacred" and no less
"inalienable" than the rights of capital. Constjtu
tlonal guarantees are violated whenever any citizen
is denied the right to labor, acquire and enjoy prop- '
erty or reside where interests or inclination may de
termine. Any denial thereof by individuals, organ
izations or government should be summarily rebuked
and punished.
ISTHMIAN CANAL. — The Democracy, when In
trusted with power, will construct the Panama canal
speedily, honestly and economically, thereby giving to
our people what Democrats have always contended
for, a great interoceanic canal, furnishing shorter and
cheaper lines of transportation and broader and less
trammeled trade relations with the other peoples of
the world.
MERCHANT MARINE— We denounce the ship
subsidy bill recently passed by the United States Sen
ate as an iniquitous appropriation of public funds for
private purposes and a wasteful, illogical. and useless
attempt to overcome by subsidy the obstructio.ns
raised by Republican legislation to the grow'th and
development of American commerce on the sea.
We favor t,he upbuilding of a merchant marine
without new or additional burdens upon the people
and without bounties from the public treasury.
EXECUTIVE USURPATION— We favor the nom
ination and, election of a President imbued with the
principles of the constitution, who will set his face
sternly against executive usurpation of legislative and
Judicial functions, whether that usurpation be veiled
under the guise of executive construction of existing
laws or whether it takes refuge in the tyrant's pleas
of necessity or superior wisdom.
THE 1SAN ;FRANGISCO SUNDAY 'CALLl
CHART SHOWING CONDITIONS AT OPENING OF PRESIDENTIAL CONTEST
The following table kUIiij; tin* result in cwt'li Slnto for every -Pirsltjrntiul election clnee 1801 anil the result of State elections sinee 1900
jglvcwJtliQ foiui'liuion on which the preliminary' *»arly divisions or' Stales In the innp printed lieivwith is btUiCdi . : . .
16
..,„,,.,.,,. -o« os 06 w> oe an an c* onto « .• o
£.;,! ,». rc an . on ac oe an anon on on o o to
S I A l Iu>. o e»»i «¦• «j an oo o o o o c
Alatuiina () It It l> I) 1> I) l> I) 1) I) l>
Ari/onn ...;...." : — — — — — — — — — l> 1> 1)
Arkansas () u O I) 1) 1) l> l> l> *1) ]> l>
California It II 11 II X It K X It It It 11
Colorado — — — It It It It 1» V D X D
Connecticut It It It 1> II 1> I) l> It It It It
Delaware 1> 1> It l> 1> I) I) l> It It It 11
I'loriilti (> It It It I> 1) I> 1> l> It ]> I)
(icorgla (> D l> l> l> I) I) 1) I> I) 1) l>
Hawaii — — — — — — — — —i'-— It It.
Idaho . ... — — — — — — — I» I) 1) it X
minors It It 11 It It 11 It • • 11 It It It
Indiana It It It II It 1) It *j It It It 11
Iown It it It It it it it It it It It it
Kansas It It It It It It It 1* I) It It It
Kentucky I> 1) I* 1> 1> 1> I) I> it l> 1> I)
Louisiana ". . . . O l> O It 1) I» l> I> I> 1> 1) 1)
Mjilni" It It It It It 11 It It It It It It
.Maryland It l» l» 1> 1) l> 1> 1> It It X X
Massachusetts It It It It It It It It 11 It It It
.Michigan It It II It 11 It It X It It It It
Minnesota ..It It It It It It It It It It It It
.Mississippi O O It 1> 1> 1> l> I) I) I> 1> 1)
Missouri It It 1> D 1> l» 1> D 1> 1> 1> 1)
JMontuiiu — . — — — . _ _ __ ]t i) u i) j>
Nebraska — It It It It It It It 1> It . IV It
Nevada It It It It 1) It UP D 1> X X
New Hampshire It It II It It It 11 It It It It It
New Jersey I) 1> It 1> I) D D D It It It It
New Mexico — — — — — — — — — It It It
New York 11 1> 11 1) It 1) It 1) It It It It
North Carolina O It 1> I) I) I> U 1) l> I> 1> 1>
North Dakota — — — — — X It It It It
Ohio ; It It It It It It It X 11 It It It
Oklahoma — — — — — — — — — — 11 It
Oregon It D It It It It It X It It 11 It
l'eniis>hanl:i It 11 It It It It It It It It It It
Ithotlc Island It It It 11 It It It It It It 11 It
South Carolina . O It It It D D D 1> D D D 1>
South Dakota ..*. — — — — — — — It 1> It It It
Tennessee O It 1> D l» i> I) l> D I) D D
Texas '... OO1> 1) l> 1) l> 1) DDDD
Utah — *D X It It
Vermont II It It It It It It It It It It It
Virginia O O It 1> D 1) I) 1> D 1> l> I)
Washington -r — — — — — — It D It It R
Went Virginia It It It l> I) I) D 1> R It It R
Wisconsin It It It It It R R D R R It R
Wyoming — — — — — — — R D R R R
Key to Chart— It, Republican; 1), Democrat; l\ People*! Party; X.
slon. . •First vote for President.
vote dhldcd; — . not admitted to Statehood; O, no vote or rejected; F, fa-
..,„,,.,.,,. -o« os 06 w> oe an an c* onto « .• o
£.;,! ,». rc an . on ac oe an anon on on o o to
S I A l Iu>. o e»»i «¦• «j an oo o o o o c
Alatuiina () It It l> I) 1> I) l> I) 1) I) l>
Ari/onn ...;...." : — — — — — — — — — l> 1> 1)
Arkansas () u O I) 1) 1) l> l> l> *1) ]> l>
California It II 11 II X It K X It It It 11
Colorado — — — It It It It 1» V D X D
Connecticut It It It 1> II 1> I) l> It It It It
Delaware 1> 1> It l> 1> I) I) l> It It It 11
I'loriilti (> It It It I> 1) I> 1> l> It ]> I)
(icorgla (> D l> l> l> I) I) 1) I> I) 1) l>
Hawaii — — — — — — — — —i'-— It It.
Idaho . ... — — — — — — — I» I) 1) it X
minors It It 11 It It 11 It • • 11 It It It
Indiana It It It II It 1) It *j It It It 11
Iown It it It It it it it It it It It it
Kansas It It It It It It It 1* I) It It It
Kentucky I> 1) I* 1> 1> 1> I) I> it l> 1> I)
Louisiana ". . . . O l> O It 1) I» l> I> I> 1> 1) 1)
Mjilni" It It It It It 11 It It It It It It
.Maryland It l» l» 1> 1) l> 1> 1> It It X X
Massachusetts It It It It It It It It 11 It It It
.Michigan It It II It 11 It It X It It It It
Minnesota ..It It It It It It It It It It It It
.Mississippi O O It 1> 1> 1> l> I) I) I> 1> 1)
Missouri It It 1> D 1> l» 1> D 1> 1> 1> 1)
JMontuiiu — . — — — . _ _ __ ]t i) u i) j>
Nebraska — It It It It It It It 1> It . IV It
Nevada It It It It 1) It UP D 1> X X
New Hampshire It It II It It It 11 It It It It It
New Jersey I) 1> It 1> I) D D D It It It It
New Mexico — — — — — — — — — It It It
New York 11 1> 11 1) It 1) It 1) It It It It
North Carolina O It 1> I) I) I> U 1) l> I> 1> 1>
North Dakota — — — — — X It It It It
Ohio ; It It It It It It It X 11 It It It
Oklahoma — — — — — — — — — — 11 It
Oregon It D It It It It It X It It 11 It
l'eniis>hanl:i It 11 It It It It It It It It It It
Ithotlc Island It It It 11 It It It It It It 11 It
South Carolina . O It It It D D D 1> D D D 1>
South Dakota ..*. — — — — — — — It 1> It It It
Tennessee O It 1> D l» i> I) l> D I) D D
Texas '... OO1> 1) l> 1) l> 1) DDDD
Utah — *D X It It
Vermont II It It It It It It It It It It It
Virginia O O It 1> D 1) I) 1> D 1> l> I)
Washington -r — — — — — — It D It It R
Went Virginia It It It l> I) I) D 1> R It It R
Wisconsin It It It It It R R D R R It R
Wyoming — — — — — — — R D R R R
Key to Chart— It, Republican; 1), Democrat; l\ People*! Party; X.
slon. . •First vote for President.
vote dhldcd; — . not admitted to Statehood; O, no vote or rejected; F, fa-ings of Lambeth.: But within Its gates
one seems far removed from : the strife
and bustle of the modern world, in. a
region where broods the spirit of eternal
calm. It is an ideal place for a saintly
recluse. Little, time," though, has the
Archbishop of Canterbury ¦ to yield ' to
such influences. He is one of the busiest
men in the kingdom. » Usually: he rises
at 3:30. What with correspondence,
frequent attendance at the -House of
Lords when Parliament j is .. in session,
meetings important- church .bodies
at Which he is expected to .preside,
.consultations with S various leaders of
his spiritual forces, .and an occasional
public dinner in the evening for which
he t must prepare .an' address, he has
little time j that he can . call " his own.
The old method of. fighting the' world,
the flesh and the devil, in the solicitude
of the ascetic's'; cell .is hot for these
days of the English' church. ,/"¦ f.,V
Dr. Davidson is now. King, Edward's
"clerk cf the closet.". He';' gets "only $55
a year for it. it Is' true, but it is \ not
supposed ; that the office'.engages . much
ofhis'attention. J ! $"'*
Before, leaving for 'America the Arch
bishop J expressed .; his c /intention * of
making a study j of ¦ its .public 'schdolsl
He wants'^to find , out by. what mysteri
ous means they_ turn "out . such excellent
boys and girls' under; a" system of edu
cation In which \-. religious
plays no 'part.' It' is a . contradiction ' of
the Church* of England's most cherished
theory. , which v: has _long "puzzled" Drt
Davidson,^ ~'~~ : / ~ " " ~' ">^
best patients that have ever been un
der her care- She has a strong objec
tion to frequent doctor's visits and to
avoid them she refuses to be invalided,
as do many other society women. But
accidents to her at Blenheim have been
so numerous that she begins, to feel
that while at the famous old castle she
is under some sort of a '.'hoodoo."
The chorus of Indignant denials
which have greeted the accusation
made by a reputable weekly journal
that at fashionable bazaars not a few
society women have been guilty of
"nipping" the receipts In order to pay
their millinery bills, has only served
to strengthen the public suspicion that
the charge is well founded. It sug
gests an explanation of the failure of
many of these functions to more than
pay expenses, which adds another to
the many sins that are covered by the
ample cloak of charity. For obvious
reasons the names of those suspected
of this sharp practice cannot even be
hinted at. but in the whispered conver
sation, of the smart set they are freely
mentioned.
with profound piety, and it must be re
garded as a striking proof of Mr. Da
vidson's capacity to impress himself on.
widely differing personalities that the
King esteems him almost as highly as
did Queen Victoria. It was, of course,
the King— shrewd judge of human na
ture — who selected him from among
many older men — and abler men. per
haps. Judged by the ordinary stand
ards of the church — to be its leader. *
One ecclesiastic, relating his experi
ence at a church convocation where his
views were opposed by both Dr. Temple
and Dr. Davidson, said: "Davidson
really rubbed me the wrong way, but
Re used a velvet hat pad and I was
hardly aware of it. Temple's method
was very different. He took a scrub
bing brush and fairly scoured away my
notions."
PLAYS CHESS OX HORSEBACK.
His favorite recreation is horseback
riding. "He, is very fond of chess, too.
and with a friend gifted with similar
powers, he has sometimes combined
both diversions, using neither board
nor men, each player announcing his
moves verbally and by memory alone
keeping track of the game. His wife's
favorite recreation used to be cycling—
now it is driving.
As Archbishop of Canterbury his sal
ary Is $75,000. a year — half as much
again as that of the President of the
United States. . But he has even less
chance of saving anything out of it,
for Lambeth .Palace, the official resi
dence,. Is much bigger than tho' White
House and-costs a deal more ''to keep
up.
The palace overlooks, from the Surrey
side of the river, the. turgid barge-laden
Thames, and on the opposite- bank, a
little * lower down the stream, ' are the
Houses of Parliament. Back of It and .
From Rochester in a few years he
was promoted to the more desirable see
of Winchester. With the most powerful
influence in the land bent on advancing
him it now rested with himself to de
cide how far he should go. He could
not be accused of a vaulting ambition.
Twice the bishopric of London was of
fered him, but he declined it. When
Archbishop Benson died the Queen
urged him to accept the , primacy,; but
on the score that his health. was not
then equal to the requirements of the
position, he put it from him'and the
venerable Dr. Temple stepped into the
vacancy. When the Queen lay dying
at Osborne it was Dr. Randall'David
son, whom she summoned to administer
to her the last sacrament.
Kizg Edward la not maaily.^redit cfl
capacity. Then — at that time he was
24 — the Queen made him her honorary
chaplain and sub-almoner. After the
lapse of another year he was appointed
Dean of Windsor and domestic chap
lain to the Queen. For nine years he
held these offices to the great satisfac
tion of the good old Queen, who made
him her confidant In . political and do
mestic as well as religious matters, and
poured all her troubles into his discreet
ears. To Mrs. Davidson, too. she be
came much attached, and often
dropped in to take tea with her at
Windsor. Of Dr. Davidson's gifts as a
preacher ehe had the highest opinion
and declared that a sermon he once
preached before her on "Life and
Death" was the most powerful she had
ever heard.
But the devout and kind-hearted
Queen came to the - conclusion that
such a shining light should not be de
voted bo exclusively to the illumination
of her own spiritual pathway, and in
1S91 Dr. Randall Davidson was made
Bishop of Rochester. At the same time
he was appointed her "clerk of the
closet." an office which corresponds to
that of father confessor in the Catholic
church. It was an Indication that in
his wider sphere the religious ties that
bound him to the sovereign were not to
be severed- He held the position until
her death.
REFUSES PROMOTION'. -
She has a favorite nurse, a woman of
good family, who is attached to the
Children's Hospital, Great Ormonde
street, London. On the slightest sign
of indisposition this nurse i3 summoned
by telephone and the progress of the
Duchess' illness is in many cases
known only to the nurse, her maid and
the doctor. Ladies suffering less se
verely than she has on many occasions
would have bulletins published twice
or three times a day. This nurse de-
LONDON, Sept. 1. — The wide pub
licity that has been given to the recent
rather severe accident to the Duchess
of Marlborough, due to a fall from her
horse at Blenheim, has not been at all
to her liking. In contrast to many
titled dames this plucky American girl
has a great aversion to posing as an
object of sympathy. Thrice before,
since her marriage, she has been laid
up by accidents that have happened to
her at Blenheim, but none knew of
these mishaps save her most intimate
friends, so strenuously did she object
to making herself an object of ftshlon
able sympathy. Once she slipped on
the stairs and in trying to save herself
from rolling headlong down the whole
flight she injured her arm so severely
that she was obliged to carry it in a
sling for three or four days. On an
other occasion she missed the carriage
step as she was dismounting and fell
on her hands and knees on the pave
ment In front of the castle door, hurt
ing herself severely. She afterward
had a bicycle "spill," which caused her
to confine herself to the house for a
week. ;• _
Duchess of- Marlbor
ough of a Retir
ing Nature. *
C?
head of english
church, his Wife
And home.
BRITISH PUBLIC LOSES
ITS AWE OF ROYALTY
LONDON, Sept. S.— That royalty has
lost some of its sacredness to the Brit
ish since the accession of King Edward '.
to the throne is shown ay the absence
of crowds at 'points where it is known '
in advance the King or ¦ Queen Is to
pass.'
It must surely be an agreeable
change for the Queen, who is now able
to Journey through the streets in her
royal carriage • without the prospect of
an -~ eternal, bow. It Is not that the
public is less :loyal to the new Queen
than it was to the old, .but the feeling
of -".."sacredness" ••'-;• wLich '. might 1 well '
hedge about the. late ; venerable " lady
who^ seldom ¦ left' her castle and then
only; in * greatest state is difficult 'of
maintenance in the case of'a'Queen
Clares "thar Duchess ? to, - be/: one i of
who may fairly be said to gad about
upon errands of most amiable conde
scension.
Visitors to the Continent know well
that a - large measure of freedom from
the persecution of being run after and
stared at as curiositler, or even as "se
cred relics," has been obtained by the
Empress Augusta, Q-.een Elena, Queen
Wilhelmina and even the Czarina, and
the agreeable change that is coming
over the. manners and customs of the
British . public toward royalty can
scarcely fail to be cf interest to the
sociologist, ' ~~
But the most serious part of the
host's duties Is providing for the King's
amusement. Every day's diversions are
carefully planned beforehand so that
he may not have a dull moment on his
hands. He is fond of a ma tear theatri
cal ¦entertainments. "Whatever may be
the day's programme, however, tha
night Invariably winds up with bridge,
which is often kept up untl Ithe "wee
sma' hours," when luck favors his
Majesty.
The King has gone to Marienbad "In
cog" as the Duke of Lancaster, by
which he avoids the fuss and ceremony
of which he no aoubt grows v«ry
weary at home. His daily routine there
is in striking contrast to the round of
pleasures which are planned with so
much care and elaboration by those
whom he vi3its here. He rises about 7
o'clock, and in accordance with the
diet prescribed, which Is an essential
part of the cure, contents himself with
a light breakfast of rolls. Lunch is
taken early and Is of the simplest
description. The afternoon the Kins
devote3 to light exercise and is cften to
be seen on the golf links. He takes his
dinner early and it is as simple as the
royal luncheon. Only the lightest
-nines are allowed, Beion U o'clock ha
turns l9» ' — ' ""—*" """''^
MUST BE AMUSED.
Catering to the royal appetite Is no
light matter, for like all tie members
of hi3 family, he is a hearty eater asd
is particular as to what he eats. Either
the Kins himself or one of his suits
who is familiar with his tastes amends
th#- menu for the day, which includes
breakfast, luncheon, tea. dinner and
supper, besides Incidental refreshments.
The King's arrival at the house -which
he honors .with his presence Is usually
timed to take place about S o'clock in
the evening. Usually he retires imme
diately to the apartments reserved for
him and does not meet the rest of tha
house party until a few minutes be
fore the dinner hour. As a rule that
Is fixed at 9 o'clock, in accordance with
the custom obtaining at Buckingham
Palace and Windsor.
Through the private secretary. Lord
'Knollys. the King sends a list of the
guests whom he desires should be In
vited to help entertain him. Among
them may appear the name of some
one with whom the host, or more likely
the hostess, is at deadly enmity. It
makes no difference. Personal feeling
has to be set aside, pride swallowed
and the Invitation sent. The King's
wishes are interpreted as royal com
mands which must be obeyed at the
risk of incurring his displeasure. It is
only after the list of guests selected
by the King has been received that the
host and hostess venture humbly to
submit a list, of such friends of their
own as they would like to Invite. If
included in it are the names of any
person whom the King does not desire
to meet they are scratched out befora
the list is returned by his faithful sec
retary.
CHOOSES HOST'S GUESTS.
The King does not receive Invitations
to visit hi3 subjects. He in-vites him
self. Through Lord Farquhar. the con
troller of the King's household, the
person selected for this mark of royal
favor receives a notification that his
Majesty will be graciously pleased to
pay a visit at such and such a date and
remain so long. Then the excitement
begins. The house receives an over
hauling, compared with which an an
nual spring cleaning is a trifling mat
ter. Painters, polishers and paper
hangers are summoned. The suite set
apart for the royal guest must be re
furnished and redecorated throughout.
An absolutely new bed must be placed
in the royal bedchamber, for that di
vinity •which doth hedge about a King
forbids that he should slumber between
sheets where a less exalted personage
has reposed. If accommodation Is lim
ited, children and nurses are all packed
off. Servants are carefully inspected,
and only the best permitted to be la
evidence during the King's sojourn,
They are carefully trained in the nice
ties of court etiauette.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— High society
breathed a sigh of relief when the
King departed for Marienbad to under
go the cure at that popular Austrian
spa. The general feeling of satisfac
tion among the nabobs of the land is
due to the fact that for a season none
of them will be called to turn their
stately homes upside down to provide
entertainment and accommodation for
his Majesty and suite. Dispensing hos
pitality to the King involves sb much
expense that only the richest can af
ford it. and even they do not hanker
after a too frequent repetition of the
exalted honor.
LONDON.* Sept. 3. — By the time
these lines appear in pnnt the Arch
bishop of Canterbury and his 'Rife
will have arrived In the United State3
— an ever.t "which -will lend additional
interest to the accompanying 1 private
photograph of the primate and Mrs.
Davidson. It trill be observed that the
Archbishop is dericted in the conven
tion*! dress of an Anglican pr^Iaf.
Although he has posed before th-e
camera in his canonical robes r.t has
oerer been taken in these vestments
v-::h his *:fe fcy his side, as he is sup
posed to wear them only when en
g£g»d in the most exa!ted ofTices of
the church, from which his dsmsetis
I:fe i? a thing apart-
As Axchbfrtiop of Canterbury he has
never been interviewed in England.
His lull canonical designation is "The
Most Reverend Father in God. Kan
*iali Davidson, by Divine Providence
Archbishop of Canterbury, Pr-mate
and Metropolitan of All England.? An
ordinary Bishop of the E-glish
church is a right reverend father in
Or>d and by divine permission merely.
With the exception of the King.
who, as Prince of Wales, made a tour
of America long years ago. ih«»
Archbishop of Canterbury occupies
the most exalted rank of any Eng
lishman who has ever visited the
United Stales. The Archbishop of
Canterbury is the head of the Eng
lish church. He dominates the Bish
ops and the Bishops rule the clergy.
H:s BpirfrpaJ domain extends over
seas to the eolonies of the British em
pire. Of course, like all Bishops, he
ha? a seat in th» House of Lords, with
ail the legislative provileges of a peer,
but in addition he is one of the King's
Lords of the Privy Council.
XO TITLE FOR HIS WIFE.
I:. Kr.glnr.<i v.ives usually share in
their hu-sbands' titles, but the wives
of church dignitaries do not. That is
why the better half of the Archbishop
of Canterbury is plain Mrs. Randall
Davidson.
Adde from the fact that he was
born in Scotland whence come so
many men who get to the top in
English public life, there was nothing
In R&ndall Davidson's youth that pre
saged for him an exceptionally bril
liant career. As a lad he was more
devoted to his rod and gun than to his
studies. When he was sixteen the
accidental firing of a gun lodged a
charge of shot in the base of his spine,
and he has never known what good
health is since. He is periodically
threatened with peritonitis and for
months, sometimes for a whole year,
has had to subsist on xnilk foods. So
::;ose who have made elaborate prepa
rations to feast and entertain him in
America are likely to find their culi
nary triumphs wasted on him. As
regards diet his habits are much more
iv accord with John D. Rockefeller's
than with those of J. Plerpont Mor
gran. who, it has been stated here, will
be the Archbishop's host In the United
States.
A man less conscientiously deter
mined to make the best of himself
would have found in the burden of
physical weakness and suffering laid
upon him suScient cause for taking
life easy, for which many snug billets
in jhe Church of England aSord ample
opportunity.
DLL HEALTH AT OXFORD.
At Oxford ill health interfered so
' seriously with the Archbishop's studies
that he obtained only a mere pass de
' pree, whereas his predecessor in the
Prinacy. Dr. Temple, carried off
double first-class honors. However, a
piece cf rare good fortune, as It ap
' reared in the light of subsequent
events, befell Dr. Davidson at Oxford.
He won t&» friendship of Crawford
Ta::, nn of Archbishop Tait. But
for this, It is curious to speculate,
Randall Davidson might be only a
country parson, for he makes no pre
tensions to that profound scholarship
and mastery of theology by which
clerics who are dependent on their
cwn exertions usually rise to eminence
in the sen-ice of the church-
Through Tait another pathway to
distinction was opened to him. He
became intimate with the Archbishop
Bad the rest of his family and made
o good an impression that, after he
had served three years as a curate he
was, appointed the Archbishop's do
mestic chaplain and private secretary
and - Installed at Lambeth Palace.
Davidson was twenty-nine then and a
>>ar Jater he married the Archbishop's
m • ond daughter. Edith- As his father
in-law the Archbishop took a still
fct-ener interest in his protege and ln
?duced him to royalty. In that
harmed circle his sua%*ity, polish and
piety, which was characterized by
serenity rather than austerity, again
; £e a favorable impression, and
Queen Victoria conceived a great
CHAPLAIN TO THE QUEEN*.
After Archbishop Tait's death, for a
ynar'Dr. Davidson served his eurces
eor, ArchbiEhop Benson, in. a similar
British Monarch Is
Resting Up at
Marienbad.
WOULD KEEP
HER TROUBLES
FROM PUBLIC
He Lives on Milk,
but Likes to Ride
Horseback.
High Society Rejoices
in Ruler's Ab
sence.
Distinguished Visitor
a Confirmed In
valid.
ENTERTAINING
RING EDWARD
IS EXPENSIVE
Archbishop of Canter
bury a Royal
Favorite.
RANDALL DAVIDSON, THROUGH FRIENDSHIP OF COLLEGE
CHUM, RISES RAPIDLY TO THE PRIMACY OF ALL ENGLAND
Pages 17 to 26
Pages 17 to 26
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 4,. 1904.On t the last Monday in August San
Francisco Council No. 14 and California
Council No. 61, Order of Americus, held
their first joint social meeting in Mar
shall Hall. Pioneer building, and. though
no .' formal announcement had been
made there was a. large" attendance ¦ of
the members of both councils and their
friends. Chairman I. Danziger of the
Order of Americus.
The new organization known as the
Lincoln' Annuity Union is making re
markable' progress, having since its in
stitution last J January - established
eighteen subordinate assemblies, dis
tributed in this State, Oregon, Wash
ington and Texas, and at the close of
August had a membership of nearly
1000. :
San Francisco Assembly is arranging
for a popular entertainment, to be
given 'during the current month.
After the routine business in Lincoln
Lincoln Annuity.
PARIS. Sept. 3.— The Franco-Spanish
convention, providing for the construc
tion of three lines of railway across
the Pyrenees, was signed this morn
ing. It provides for their completion
within three years. It is anticipated
that the new lines will greatly increase
the friendly relations . and cormnerca
between the two countries and that
they will also constitute an important
step toward the spread of French in
fluence in Morocco, communication
with which will be much quickened and
facilitated.
Bridging tho Pyrenees.
The entertainment and dancing so
cial that was given by San Francisco
Circle, Women of Woodcraft, in Ex
celsior Hall last week .was attended by
a very large number, of people, who
were anxious to know how this circle
could conduct a social function under
the direction of a committee consist
ing of Mrs. J. Spencer, Miss H. Nosch
ka, Catherine Donnovan, Mrs. I. Hunt
and W. C. Clark, the latter acting as
director general for the evening, ¦; and
assisted by Mrs. Katie Nestor, the
guardian neighbor. That the com
mittee was successful and that the
guests appreciated its efforts to please,
was manifested by the prolonged ap
plause. . . .There were songs, ¦ musical
specialties, : recitations, * fancy dancing
and vocal selections. The : entertain
ers were Claire Fisher,' .Gladys Cordy,
Nago Bourgeault,' Gertie,. Fitzgerald,
Mrs. I. Hunt, Flossie Peadie, v J.' Ab-
Woodcraft.
The Past Chief Rangers* Association
of the Ancient Order of Foresters is ar
ranging for a social, to be given during
the month of September.
The drill corps of Court Apollo is to
give a dance in the A. O. F.' building
September 10. v*
California Circle has arranged for a
social evening on September 14.. Arte
mis Circle will give a dance September
23, and Washington Circle .'will give a
dancing party September 30.
Ancient Order Foresters.
TURIN, Italy, Sept. 3.— The right of
suffrage, always dear to the lovers of
liberty, will be infinitely valuable to
lovers of vocal music here. To ma&e
certain of beating a Socialist candidate,
the Reactionaries have hit upon a
happy idea.
They have opposed to the Socialist
the famous tenor Tamagno. His cam
paigning will be as delightful to his
auditors as original.
Instead of making tiresome speeches
advancing dry arguments and quoting"
musty figures. Tamagno will sing an
operatic air at each political meeting.
Who can doubt that he will win every
opponent with the "Swan Song" from
"Lohengrin" or the passionate declara
tion of love of Aida?
The members of the Chamber o*
Deputies fondly hope that Tamagno
will pursue the same tuneful course
when he is elected. .
Famous Tenor Is Induced to Go Cam
paigning and by Vocal Melody
I lout Socialist Candidate.
TAMAGXO TO SING HI3ISELP
INTO ITALIAN PARLIAMENT
Reports from the southern part of the
State are most satisfactory to the head
office.
Home Council of this city is arrang
ing for a grand entertainment in the
Odd Fellows' building on the evening
"of September 9.
Oakland Council is preparing for a
masquerade on the evening of Septem
ber 10.
Supreme Councilor Tuewell has re
turned from a trip In Western Oregon,
where he visited the councils and also
laid the foundation for the organization
of several new subordinates In that
part of the State.
Order of Pendo.
On the last Friday in August Lady
Lovat Lodge, auxiliary to Clan Fraser,
had a dime social in Its lodgeroom
which proved a decided success. There
was a good programme of varied num
bers, including vocal solos, cornet solos,
piano solos, readings, highland fling,
bagpipe - selections and specialties.
Those who contributed to the evening's
pleasure were J. Reid, Miss G. Wig
more, Mr. Fairgrieve, Miss D. Ross,
Miss A. King, Miss L. Ferguson, J.
Bain, Mrs. P. H. Wissing, J. Treve
thick, T. A. Munro, J. O. Fraser, Mrs.
A. J. Budd and George Reid. Dancing
followed until midnight under the floor
directorship of Miss Jean Manweli.
During the evening the committee,
composed of Mrs. McCulIum, Mrs. John
McFarlane, Mrs. G. Boyle, Mrs. Simon
Fraser, Mrs. Brown and Mrs. F. A.
Gibson, served refreshments.
A pleasant surprise party was one
planned by Empress Victoria Lodse of
the Daughters of St. George to Mrs.
C. Hopps, the vice president, in her
residence on Waller street a few even
ings since. The evening was devoted
to music, singing and old English
games. Miss Ruby Witts and Thomas
Nowlan entertained with a charminc
piano and violin duet. An excellent col
lation was served and a most enjoy
able evening was spent. Those who
composed the surprtsers were: Mes
dames E. Witts, A. Creba, ' Bellani,
Wood, H.- Williams, Wilkes, and E.
Cunningham; Misses R. Witts, A. Rog
ers, L. Kidd and O'Dell, and Messrs.
W. Witts, II. Witts, Albert Witts. S.
Creba, A. Turnbull, H. Williamson,
Thomas Nowlan, W. Esler. H. Smith.
R. Fishbourne, W. Padie and B. Hayes.
Of the family visited were Mrs. Hopps,
W. Hopps and G. Hopps.
?
Clan Fraser Auxiliary.
Order St. George.
A large number of people met In the
Welcome Hall of the Odd Fellows
building last week "to enjoy a refined
vaudeville entertainment given under
the auspices of the Grand Fraternity,
formerly the United Moderns. The
features of the programme were a
piano recital by Claire Jones, a vocal
duet by the Stark brothers, ballads by
Ben Dalziel and an address on "Fra
ternity," as exemplified by this order.
by Supreme Regent M. B. Johnson.
There were many ladies In the audi
ence. After the last number on the
programme, there was dancing for an
hour. The affair was under the direc
tion of Frank J. Browne.
Grand Fraternity.
i. Grand Master Linscot announces
the following visitations for the cur
current month: September 3. to
Truckee; September 5, to Loyalton;
September .6, to Sierraville; September
7, to Johnsville; September 8, to. Sierra
City; September 9, to Downieville;
September 10, Alleghany (joint meeting
of Mistletoe and Forest City lodges.
The cane party given by Mission Re
bekah Lodge on the last Saturday in
August was ona that attracted a-large
number of people to Excelsior Hall.
There was an entertaining programme
of music and literary efforts, after
which there was dancing, the serving
of refreshments and the distribution to
each one in the hall of a souvenir pen
cil in the shape of a miniature cane.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge had a pleasant
party on the last Monday in August, at
which a large number of members and
guests had a delightful time. It was up
to the excellent standard of the social
affairs given by this lodge.
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association
has ..been spending a great deal of
money lately renovating the interior
of the Odd Fellows' building preparai
tory to the reception of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge, yet notwithstanding this
unusual expense it has declared its
fifty-fifth dividend. '
Anew encampment has been .insti
tuted at Pico Heights, Los Angeles,
with twelve" charter members. Forty
two candidates were initiated. New
encampments are In process of forma
tion at 'East Oakland, Pleasanton and
Willows.
The reports for the term from the
Encampment branch show a greater
gain than during any previous term.
Last week many of the great num
ber of friends of Grand Secretary
George T. Shaw visited him at hia
summer home in Larkspur to con
gratulate him on the anniversary of
his birth, ivhich was not made known,
for the genial ' secretary, like many
ladies, has forgotten the year of en
trance into t the world. The visitors
took with them a beautiful easy chair,
which was presented to Mr. Shaw
with the hope that he would live long
to take comfort out of it, the presenta
tion being by Past Grand Master W.
H. Barnes. Past Grand Master Davi3
Louderback also spoke and General E.
H. Black read an original poem in
which the official life of the grand sec
retary was portrayed.
The several branches of the Re
bekah degree in this city are busy at
this time devisins ideas which re
sult in that branch of Odd Fellow
ship making a fine showing In the
grand parade during the week that the
Sovereign Grand Lodge will be in this
city.
Odd Fellowship.
Mission Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood on the 1st instant com
menced a campaign to last for sixty
days, in which to secure a certain num
ber of candidates and capture a one
hundred dollar prize offered by Colonel
Stone, the supreme representative of
the order, residing in this city.
Court Aurora has secured headquar
ters at 161: City Hall avenue, where it
will hereafter meet on every Wednes
day. On the 14th InBtant the lodge
will have a housewarming.
San Francisco Lodge is arranging for
a grand entertainment in the Eagles'
Hall on the loth instant.
As all the tenants in the Red Men's
Hall on Post street have been given
notice to move, Progress Lodge has
taken new quarters in the Red Men's
new-wigwam on Golden, Gate avenue
and will meet there every Friday night.
Haywards Lodgre is reported " doing
good work, having initiations at every
meeting.
East Oakland Lodge, at its'' iast
meeting . initiated a ' sufficient number
of strangers to double the membership
on . the night \ of institution;
The reports received at the office of
Supreme Representative ; r Stone -show
that during 'August more candidates
were 'initiated* into : the -order in San
Francisco and in ; Alameda counties
during any previous month 'of the ;'cur
rent } y ear.sHHBSI
Progress - Lodge will give Its : first
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The children's party. Mission Chap
ter of the Order »of the Eastern
Star, during the l&tter part of August
was a very pleasant affair that was
given in Mission Masonic. Hall. Many
children were in attendance and there
were also a great many adults. All
were pleasantly entertained, and then
the chapter's hospitality was extended
first to the little ones and then to the
adults. .There was also dancing for
two hours.
The entertainment and dance by San
Francisco Chapter, in Elks' Hall, on
the last Monday In August was a great
success. In the beginning there was a
pleasing programme of varied numbers
under the directorship of J. J.* Neu
barth. There was a basso solo by CM.
Smith; vocal selections by Miss Ethel
Delmara; songs by James E. Gordon:
recitation. Miss • Josie" Wai worth; vocal
solo, Alvina Hewer Wilson; ballads,
Miss Mabel Gordon; song, Mrs. Co
chius; barytone solo, Clarence Dawson,
and piano solo, Miss C. Reise. After
the programme there was a grab bag,"
fortune telling and tea in an adjoining,
hall, which had been converted into a
Japanese tea garden, where guests and
members were waited on byj the five
points of the central star, Miss Vera
Myers, Miss Kathryn Wetjen, Miss
Clara Nagle, Miss Jennie Coon and
Mrs. Anna Belle Williams, who were
all attired in neat Japanese- costumes.
The others who assisted in the tea gar
den were Maude Egan, Lizette Wetjen,
Christena Sorenson, Mrs. C. Anderson,
Mrs. Neil Lai son, Mrs. Christinena
Larson,. Mrs. Laura Lowrie, Mrs. Anna
Maass Ella Hevener. G. Geauque, H.
Maass and J. J. Neubarthu Mrs. Lowrie
was in charge of the grabs and the for
tune tellers were Josephine Walworth
and Mrs. J. Mendelsohn.
Order Eastern Star.
Pythianism.
The reception and banquet recently
tendered to Grand Chancellor Burns
and Grand Prelate Short by Liberty
Lodge, Knights of Pythias, in Oakland,
was an event that will long be pleas
antly remembered by^ the many loyal
Knights, members cf the host lodge and
from other lodges of Alameda County.
During the lodge session the grand
chancellor, in a most eloquent speech,
told the members what Pythianism is
and gave them advice as to the carry
ing out of the principles of the order.
The grand prelate told how the order
has progressed and also told how each
Knight ehould exemplify his -love for
the order. After these speeches, which
were loudly applauded, there was an
adjournment to the banquet hall,
where more than, 150 persons sat down
to an excellent supper, at the close of
which there was an hour of music,
songs, recitations, story telling and
witty sayings.
The majority of the city lodges of
the Knights of Pythias will, during the
current month, vacate Pythian Castle
and take up quarters in the Red Men's
Hall, on Golden Gate avenue. By the
end of this month the Market street
Pythian Castle will be a thing of the
past.
Grand Prelate Short is paying fra
ternal visits to the lodges in the imme
diate vicinity of San Francisco.
Grand Chancellor Burns has also
been visiting lodges in the Bay coun
ties.- If he can make the necessary ar
rangements he' will visit Crescent City
this week.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal H.
Schaffner left here on August 10 - for
Louisville, stayed there during the Su
preme Lodge Convention, and during
the session of the Imperial Palace, of
the D. O. K. K. While at Louisville
he was taken very ill, being prostrated
by the heat. He left there on the 21st
Inst. and now Is In New York, taking
in the sights. He expects tq be In St.
Louis on September 9; thence to New
Orleans, and gradually wend his 'way
home.
During the absence of the' grand
keeper of records and seal' the office is
On the last Saturday in August For
get-Me-Not Lodge, having to vacate
its quarters in Red Men's Hall by rea
son "oT the expiration of lease, gave,
at the request of Dr. Blanche L. San
born, an "Auld Lang Syne party" in
"dear old Ruby Hall." The following
was the programme: Recitation,
Gladys Rothganger; vocal solo, Mrs.
Brotherton; "A Little Story." Dr.
Blanche L. Sanborn; ballads,. Mrs.
Fester; humorous stories, Fred Roth
ganger; recitation, Miss Olive Pearl
Miller of Carnation Lodge; Auld Lang
Syne remarks, Edwin Danforth. This
>*-as followed by the sale of packages,
brought by members, and sold "sight
unseen." which was productive of
much atnusemenf. After that there
was dancins for an hour and on clos
ing all Joined hands and sang "Auld
Lang Syne." Last week_lhere was a
house warming in the new quarters
in Red Men's new hall on Golden Gate
avenue, and it was a Jolly affair. The
committee that had charge of this, be
ing in it for three months, has de
cided to have some novel entertain
ment on the third Saturday of each
month, this in the hope of renewing
interest in the lodge meetings. Ed
win Dariforth has offered a $10 prize
to the member who during the next
sixty days shall bring the greatest
number of candidates into th'e lodge
and have them initiated. In October
or November the lodge will have a
surprise novelty party. In which a
number of the most prominent mem
bers will take part.
Carnation Lodge, Degree of Honor,
gave a party in the Shiels building on
the laEt Tuesday in August, which, in
point of attendance and pleasing pro
gramme, was a great success. The af
fair was carried out under the direc
tion of Olive Pearl Miller. Gertie Gios
ser, Emma Ryerson, Dora IL Wilkins,
May E. Core, Dr. C. T. Hansen, I.
Fulton, J. F. Walthour and G. Ryer
son- The programme was made up of
the following numbers: Vocal duet,
-Walter and Ethel Shaylor; recitation,
Edna Oldham; violin solo and piano
accompaniment, the Misses Clarke;.
instrumental selections, the Graber
Mandolin and Guitar Club; "Jack ana
Cathrine," a farce in which the princi
pal characters were assumed by Olive
Pearl Miller and William Loan. This
There was a grand rally at Rich
mond, Contra Costa County, last week,
on which occasion that most eloquent
orator of the order. Deputy Grand
Master Hirshberg, spoke. Many ap
plications were received.
At a meeting or Magnolia Lodge of
the Ancient Order of United Work
inen last week there was an address
by Grand Recorder Spencer on the
readjustment of options by the Su
preme Lodge at its last session
and the explanation was listened to,
not only by the members of the lodge,
but by members o'. Tiiany other lodge?.
The meeting wa* also addressed by
Grand Receiver Booth and Edwin
.Danforth, P. G. M. W.
Spartan Lodge having been required
to remove from the Red Men's build
ing on Post street, with other tenants,
has returned to its old home in the
Alcazar building.
Excelsior Lodge has appointed a
committee to arrange for the celebra
tion of its silver jubilee on the even
ing of the fourth Wednesday in Sep
tember in Excelsior Hall. It is ex
pected that the grand master will be
present on that occasion-
Ancient Order Workmen.
The fan pany given by Golden Gate
drill team of the Women of Wood
craft in Harmony Hall on the last
Thursday in August, during which the
team gave an exhibition drill, was well
attended and proved to be a very en
joyable affair. There was a good pro
gramme of dunces, pretty girls, grood
dancers and first-class inusic.' al. of
which go to make up a pleasant party.
rams, Mrs. Warren, Mrs. Taylor, Lor
enz Ililzworth. and the guardian
neighbor. The guests and members
after the programme were treated to
a collation and, then followed dancing.
Oakland Court has made arrange
ments for a grand social evening in
the Ben Hur Temple during the month
of September.
A few evenings since the members
of Mission Court of the Tribe of Ben
Hur and a few friends paid a surprise
visit to Miss H. H. Libbing, one of the
members, at her home, JL14% Page
street. There were forty-five present
and all enjoyed progressive whist, mu
sic, games and dancing and at mid
night all partook of a supper.
Last week Mlzpah Court of the
Tribe of Ben Hur initiated three
strangers in the amplified degree in its
tent in the Odd Fellows' building, the
work being performed in a manner
that never before has been excelled
lr. this city. There were . present a
large number of members from the
tribes of - this city and in Oakland.
After the work of the evening there
was a short programme of entertain
"ment, dancing and the serving of a
delicious collation. On the evening of
September 5 the court will hold an
open meeting, when there will be pre
sented an interesting programme of
'entertainment to be followed by danc
ing.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
California Council of the Daughters
of Liberty had several initiations in
its hall in the Shiels building on the
last Wednesday in August, after which
there was a pleasant social hour for
the members and visitors from other
local councils. This council has planned
a 'bus ride to the Fish Ranch, in Con
tra Costa County, on the second Sun
day in September. The party will leave
by the 8 o'clock broad gauge boat.
The monthly dance of the hall com
mittee of the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics and the Daugh
ters of Liberty will hereafter be held
on the first Thursday of each month
in the Mission Opera HalL The first.,
under the new rule, was given on the
1st inst., and was, as usual, well at
tended and proved a delightful affair.
Daughters of Liberty.
PEOPLE WHO FIGURE
IN FRA TERN XL • SO
CIETIES.
During the latter half of the month
of August Mission Council initiated two
strangers, Union initiated two, El Cap
itan six and Yosemiteand Pacific had
werk In the initiatory degree.
The San Francisco Cabinet is arrang
ing for a memorial service on the first
Sunday in October. At the last
session of the cabinet General Deputy
Wilson presided in the absence of the
president. Reports were received from
Senators Arter and Field In relation to
what was dono at the recent session of
the senate. The principal matters were
the readjustment of rates in certain
ages and the abolishment cf the pay
ment ef per capita tax to the cabinet
by the -councils.
Golden Gate Council will move from
the Pioneer buildins to the Red Men's
new hall, where there will be a house
\varri>ing on the first meeting night
during the current month..
which hereafter will be the headquar
ters of the organization in San Fran
cisco. The rooms are pleasantly fitted
up and they are the first headquarters
on a main street that the order has had
in twenty-cne years.
Among well known Native Daugh
ters from the interior who were in
this city last week were Agnes Raab of
Geneva Parlor, Elizabeth. Jones of
Chispa Parlor, Emella Reltz of Darda
nelle Parlor and. Cora and Maude Mc-
Gonigle of Ventura Parlor.
Keith Parlor No. 137 has been given
permission by Grand President Mrs.
Caminetti to address the subordinate
parlors in the matter of u petition to
the Governor and Legislature to pro
vide statues for California's niche in
Statuary Hall, Washington, D. C. The
circular is being sent to all subordin
ate, parlors and to the women's clubs
of California.
Miss Elizabeth F. Douglass, finan
cial secretary of Alta Parlor No. 3, has
returned from a two weeks' vacation
at Siegler Springs.
Past Grand President Mollie B.
Johnson, a member of Califia Parlor,
Sacramento, and Grand -Secretary
Laura J. Frakes were the guests, of
Past Grand President Eliza D. Keith
on a trip to the top of Mount Tamal
pais during the latter part of August.
Past Grand President Johnson is a
prominent : educator of Sacramento,
and the author of the • beautiful fu
neral service of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West.
Past Grand President Keith * will
lead the' .literary section of the Cali
fornia Club this term and on Septem
ber. 15 will, by special request, ad
dress the Jewish Council of Women in
Temple Emanu-El on "El Camino
Real and the California Mission."
during which Mrs. J. Stanley Ewiner
and Mrs. Anton Kreig were admitted
to membership by initiation, there was
a pleasing programme of entertain
ment, Mrs. Mariner Campbell gave
musical sslections. Miss Ada McDon
nell sang several love songs and Miss
Blanch Taber pave several instru
mental selections. Mrs. Charles Taber,
Mrs. G. P; Dorn, Mrs. George Bennett.
Mrs. George Wittman. Mrs. J. Eocarde
and Mis. R. E. Miller served a splendid
luncheon to the members and their
guests. Ths ladies of the auxiliary are
arranging: to irea.t the husbancls to a
supper at one of the swell restaurants
during the current rr.or.th. Of the olil
cers of the auxiliary there were pres
ent Mrs. \V. R. Jones, president; Mrs.
P. F. Ferguson, vice president pro tern,
Mrs. T. J. Crowley. second vice presi
dent; Mrs. K. J. Morser, secretary;
Mrs. H. Ladd, assistant secretary;
Mrs. S. A. McDonnell, treasurer. The
other ladies who were at ths meeting
were Mrs. W. A. Atwood, Mrs. H. F.
Barbier. Mrs. G. W. Brown. Mrs. W. CV
Campbell, '.Ira. A. M. Cox, Mrs. S. A.
Clarke, Mrs. J. B. Charleston, Mrs. C.
T. Cleve, Mrs. E. F. Eastman. Mrs. D.
E. F. Easton, Mrs. J. Stanley En-ing,
Mrs. Isaac Grant, Mrs. H. T. Graves,
Mrs. E. W. Gates, Mrs. George Haas.
Mrs. T. L. Henderson, Mrs. A. Hroma
da, Mrs. C. F. Humphreys, Mrs. E. P.
Heald, Mrs. A. Huber, Mrs. J. P. Jaeg
ling, Urs. E. F. Joy, Mrs. M. Johnson,
Mrs. Frank Johnson, Mrs. W. .Koenig,
Mrs. Anton Kreig-, Mrs. J. ,F. Logan,
Mrs. Julius Lowe. Mrs. J.' F. Mcln
tosh, Mrs. C. M. McJunken, Mrs. C. C.
Moorehouse, Miss E. -Murray, Mrs. It.
W. Neal, Mrs. G. H. Newman, Miss
Eva Powell, Mrs. J. L. Prior, Mrs. J.
W. Reiss, Mrs. George Seibe, Mrs. P.
S. Snell, Mrs. R. W. Smith, Mrs. W. W.
Stocker, Mrs. P. A. West, Mrs/M. A.
Wheaton, Mrs. James Packer and
Mrs. James Young.
» — r — -
Native Daughters.
A new assembly of Americans was
instituted in the Mission in this city
last week by Director General H. C.
Lewis. Another assemblyof the same
order will be instituted in this city
within a short time.
Two assemblies are being organized,
one in Folsom and the other in Wind
sor.
Assembly No. 1 has taken quarters
in the Red Men's new building at 220
Golden Gate avenue and will hold its
first meeting there on September 6. On
September 13 the assembly will give
a grand ball in its- new locale.
Washington Assembly No. 3 has
taken quarters in the Scandina
vian Hall on City Hall avenue and Me-"
Kinley Assembly has taken quarters in
the Alcazar Building.
Oakland and South Berkeley assem
blies are reported as doing well.
The Americans.
Dairy No. 1, O. B. O. H. B-, an order
formed of members of Templar lodges
of this city, will give an entertainment
September 17. in aid of the Good Tem
plars' Home in Va^llejo.
District No. 5 of the Independent
Order of Good Templars, which has
in it six bay counties in which there
are nineteen lodges, with more than
1000 members, held its annual election
In the latter part of August in this
city, when the following named were
elected officers for the current Templar
year: Robert Ingram, district chief
templar; A. C. Banta, past district
chief templar; L. B. Mallory, district
counselor; Mrs. A. C. Banta,- district
vice templar; Mrs. H. Ernest, district
superintendent of juvenile Templars;
A. L. Johnson, district superintendent
of lecture work; J. H. Robins, district
electoral superintendent. V. Taylor,
grand treasurer, and F. A. Anthony,
grand secretary, were present. Pet
aluma is making preparations to
receive the Grand Lodge next October.
The Good Templars of this State are
anxious that the International Supreme
Lodge, which is to meet in Belfast at
Its next session, shall meet In San
Francisco in 1908. #
Mystic Lodge of San Jose, with its
membership of 200, is doing good work
in that city.
Good Templars.
former council presided, Dr. F. "W. Har
ris delivered an interesting and thought
ful address upon the subject of "Our
Fraternal Relations" and an entertain
ing musical programme was followed
by refreshments and games. These Joint
meetings will be held hereafter on the
fifth Monday of every month contain
ing five Mondays, and will doubtless do
much toward cultivating: closer frater
nal relations between the members of
all the local councils.
The entertainment given by the Na
tive Sons' literary and social commit
tee in the .Native Sons* Hall on the
last Wednesday in August was an
other of those soclcl successes for
which this association is noted. The
affair was under the auspices of Mar
shall Parlor, with U. E. Krenz as
chairman of the evening. There was
a pleasing programme of entertain
ment which concluded with "The Two
Deceivers/' a farce, after which there
was dancing for tu-o hours. Joseph
Rose was fioor manager. E. Raymond
assistant; E. Frawley, Dr. P. A. Bill,
B. Gerlack, M. Marks, C. Beschorman,
A- Bodien, J. Borer, H. Kahrs, floor
committee, and V. j£aher, L. Hayes,
G. Weisel, E. Scalmanini, J. Cane, R.
Carcia, K. Barron and F. Zapeda, re
ception committee.
Dolores, one of the young but ener
getic parlors cf the order of Natives
Sons of the Golden West, gave its Trst
reunion and banquet in . one of the
high-class rotisseries on the last Sat
urday in August. It was a jolly gath
ering of the members, with E. C. Stock
the only Invited guest F. A. Carsten
sen, president of the parlor, presided
and he appointed Jack M- Lettlch toast
master, who on assuming the duties
of that Elation said: "As this is. the
first time that Dolores Parlor has as
gembled^Lt the same table, I'd like to
see it a success; I've set my heart on
It." Before the party broke up he
had the pleasure of discovering that
it was a success in every way. A de
licious menu was discussed and be
tween courses there was music by sev
eral members and after the black coffee
the following responded to toasts:
Thomas "Z. Curran, H. J. Mahoney, E.
Salter, W. S. La Chappelle, C. L.
Merer. William W. Eccles, Dr. H. H.
Keene, F. J. Atkinson. George W. Ger
hard. John W. Hogan, ¦ Fred A. Car
etenBen. J. P. Smith, Eugene E. de Sparr
Jr., J. P. OLeary, Dr. J. H. Graves.
E. C. Stock and the toast master. The
members pledged themselves to have
another, reunion in 1S05 and to have
twice as many present as there were
on that occasion.
The August meeting of the Ladles'
Auxiliary to California . Commandery
No.: l,r Knights Templar,"^ was well at
tended. ..After the business meeting,
Ladies' Auxiliary.
General Deputy Joseph A. Wilson of
the National - Union of this city has
been allowed by the senate of that or
der an office, and he has secured one on
the third floor of 850 Market street,
National Union.
The memorial service held last week
by New Century Circle in the Alcazar
building was a beautiful one. The or
der of exercises included Chopin's
Funeral March; address, Mrs. Maggie
Lemme; eulogies in memory of the
late Mrs. Kingston, Miss Sweet, Mrs.
Gutterman and Mrs. Hughe's, who were
members of the circle; "Rock of Ages,"
by a quartet. Mesdames ahey,
Shawl, Eeban and Morton; "Flee as a
Bird," Theresa Vahey; "Nearer, My
God, to Thee," the quartet; prayer.
Supreme Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood. Grand Organist Mrs.
Kemp Van Ke presided at the piano.
The whole service was most impress
ive and one that will probably be fol
lowed by all the circles of the order.
The fifteenth anniversary ball given
by Court Washington, Foresters of
America, in Native Sons' Hall on the
last Monday in August was one of the
grandest of the many social functions
that have been given by this court.
There was a very large attendance in
the beautifully decorated hall, which
was so arranged as to give the ball the
appearance of a garden oarty. v The af
fair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named: Floor manager, Aaron
A. Lewis; assistants, M. L. Euphrath
and H. A. Bauer; floor committee — M.
Brady, G. Dahlbender, G. Aurich, W.
A. Bacon, B. E. Lasky, Malvyn Furst,
J. Louis Ubha*us>, L. Adelstein, Julian
Kozminsky, S. Kragen, Martin Hahn
and G. J. Gensler; reception commit
tee—Past Chief Rangers S. Shaben '92,
chairman; T. P. Mepham '90, I. L. Da
vid '95, Joseph Kragen '97, H. Goldman
'S8, O. B. Greenebaum '00, J. Brachman
'01, Joseph Rizzo '03, Louis Kragen '94,
J. Biller '96, George S. Boss '97. W. J.
Phelan '99, A. Figel '00. S. Schweitzer
'02, E. H. Goldstein '03. P. H. Living
ston '94, J. A. Palmer '96, M. .Moses '98,
F. Dethlcfsen '99, S. Grosslicht '01, G.
Mensor '02 and L. H. Brownstone '04..
During the grand march there was dis
tributed to all who took part In it a
handsome souvenir programme inclosed
in a cover of burnt leather.
The banquet recently given , by
Junior Court Pride of California in
celebration of the thirty-sixth anni
versary of its institution -was a func
tion that was attended by nearly 200,
including a number. of the grand of^
ficers and a delegation from Martha
Washington Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America. E. S.
the deputy of the court, was the toast
master and during the evening there
were responses to toasts by Max Licht,
Dr. Happersberger, Daniel Teare, Harry
Bachmann, Mrs. Gottleib, Julius Ja
cobs, Rudolph Steinman, Jacob Label,
editor of the American Forester's Re
view; Mrs. Davis, Ed .Gansler and
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, the latter
responding to "The Ladies."
At a meeting of a number of the
Foresters of America held last week
it was decided to organize an associa
tion for the purpose of taking the nec
essary steps for the formation of a
permanent association that will have
for Its purpose the building of a hall
for the various local courts of the
order. J. Kragen was elected temporary
president and Thomas B. Goodwin
temporary secretary. A meeting was
held last week which was addressed
by S. A. White and Frank Conklin.
.The courts, of San Jose and vicinity
have • formed ! Into - one ¦ district, \ to be
known as No. 146, and to be under, the
deputyship of J. J. Cairns. The courts
In; this, district are .Sherwood, Ven
dome, San Jose and' Saratoga.- ' ' '
The court at Marysville has ap
pointed a committee "to "make" arrange
ments for an anniversary banquet to
follow a large class initiation:
Court Washington had presentations
on a large scale last week; presenting
a past chiefs badge to • the following
named: L. Kragen, Phil Livingston, J.
Krager, J. L. Davis, George' Boss, M.
Moses, J. Palmer- and M. Memphan.
This court will celebrate" trie fifteenth
anniversary of its institution by giving
a grand ball in Native Sons'. Hall to
morrow evening.
American Foresters.
Assembly, in Oakland, there was a
game of progressive whist. Twenty
four tables were occupied.
The executive council of the order is
arranging for the publication of an of
ficial organ to be sent to all members
of the order.
Five assemblies were organized dur
ing August, three in California and one
each in Washington and Oregon.
The Union will make "application for
admission into the Associated Frater
nities, an association composed of fra
ternal orders, having for its object the
protection of its members against ad
verse legislation in the different States.
The association will meet in St. Louis
September 20, when the Union, it is ex
pected, will be represented by one of
the Senate officers.
in -charge of Charles S. Hoffman, a
very active, energetic and competent
loyal Knight i.'v:
dance in Its new hall on the evening of
September 7.
was followed by a good programme
of dances.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMFLORENCE ROBERTS' LEADING MAN ONCE 'A JUGGLER'S ASSISTANT.
*Real "Dogs of War."
The **dogsof war** in these days as
sist in field hospital work. In Germany
and Italy St. Bernard dogs have been
trained for years bo as to aid. after
an engagement, bearer parties in their
search for the wounded, especially at
night. Russia, apparently, has no ca
nine corps, and Major Richardson of
Carnoustie. England, who has made a
specialty of training ambulance dags,
has received a communication from St.
Petersburg asking him how many ta»
can supply for servics In th« Par East.
Vest's Telling Point.
Among the reminiscences of the late
Senator Vest is one by Hunter Ben
Jenkins, the steamboat man, concern
ing the trial of a murder case at Lex- (
ington. Mo., which occurred before the
war. A man named Smith, living at
Independence, Mo., had given himself
•up to the authorities for killing a man
named Foster at Kansas City. Smith
was a friend of the late Senator and
the latter, being cognizant of the con
ditions under which the murder oc
curred, offered to defend him.
The prosecution was "conducted by
Messrs. Comings and Sawyer, assisted
by Colonel Aaron Connor, who was
afterward in the Confederate Congress.
In the case Mr. Vest discredited the
statements of one of the witnesses. The
witness was an unkempt, poorly
dressed individual, who wore a long,
ill-fitting jacket. Colonel Connor In
his speech tried to make it appear to
Bernhardt at Play.
To a correspondent who sought to
learn how she spent her vacation at
Belle Isle-sur-Mer in France. Mme.
Sarah Bernhardt recently sent the fol
lowing characteristically vivacious let
ter:
"Dear friend." she writes, "you want
to know^r.hat I do at Belle Isle. I rest.
I rest by giving myself extra fatigue.
You know that the life I lead in Paris
is; rather of a paradoxical sort. Still,
one must occasionally breathe. The
same fate which made me the servant
of an art in which only brain and heart,
sensibility and intelligence, are active,
also gave me a taste, a want, a furious
passion for physical motion. How do I
conciliate these contradictions? I am
sure I don't know, but I go to Belle
Isle. I see you smile. How can a
microscopic place like Belle Isle give
scope for my insatiable nature? Well,
Belle Isle certainly is microscopic, but
It is wild and it is Immense, because
Belle Isle is one of the outposts of
the Old World, . a bit of Europe
plunged in ths ocean. Because the
infinite ocean hurls its furious green
waves against the black rocks of Belli*
Isle and beyond, at the other end of
the ocean. I imagine America and fresh
worlds. And that is why I love Belle
Isle. For Its solitude, its silence, its
wlldness, its fisherfolk, its trans
parent gray-green sea. Its sky. now
bine, now black, and for all the
splendid representations which na
ture stage manages there; for the
dreams, the ideals and the beauty
that I find there. You ask for a pro
gramme of the day's employment here.
I append it in schedule form. It will
show you that I give my lungs and
muscles a fair share of work to do.,
In all weathers, up betrreen 5 and 6.
Shooting immediately. Eight a. m.,
back home, gun exchanged for fishing
net and I so shrimping. Eleven a. m.,
bath and toilet; 12:30 p. m.. luncheon.
After luncheon, siesta. The siesta is
compulsory and sacred. It is my first
instant of bodily 'rest after the mo
ment of getting out of bed; the first
instant of immobility and silenqe. We
lie down on wicker sofas against the
fort, sheltered from the sea breeze.
Then 'mum's, the word.' Each one med
itates, reads, or sleeps as he or ahe
feels disposed. Afterward to wx>rk. In
the studio opposite the fort each in
mate has a special corner. For myself
I read manuscripts, • learn ; or look over
parts, or take up the sculptor's chisel.
At 5, tennis.. Then dinner, then music,
Good Sense.
In reply to a certain temperance so
ciety of 'Connecticut, which protested
against the breaking of the traditional
bottle of wine over the bows of the
battleship Connecticut, soon to be
launched. Acting Secretary of the Navy
Darling recently sent # the following
eminently sane and/wholesome reply:
"I am in receipt of your communica
tion of August 12. 1904, forwarding sev
eral petitions of the United Society of
Christian Endeavor, requesting that the
use of wine be dispensed with as a
part of the ceremony of launching the
battleship Connecticut, on the ground
that 'the use of wine in the ceremony
la a practice misleading to the young,
questionable to others and offensive to
many.' "
"I have great respect for your cause
and your organization, comprising 46.
000 societies and three million members
in the United States, but in this par
ticular case, as a practical question,
1 am unable to reach your conclusions.
If the youth of the country are mis
led, it is not by the ceremony cf break
ing wine upon the iron prow of a bat
tleship, but because they follow false
prophets, and if such a use of wine is
'questionable to others and offensive to
many,' it Is because of 'evil to him who
evil thinks."
! "It is inconceivable that the breaking
of a bottle of wine upon the Connecti
cut can injure her as a battleship or
work the slightest injury to any man,
and as an example. It seems to me that
the cause of temperance would be bet
ter served if more of the world's prod
uct of wines were spilled overboard to
wash the hulls of battleships.
"Finally, permit me to suggest that
you and the 3,000.000 people you repre
sent ought to find comfort in the
thought that wine thus expended can
neither Imperil the soul nor contribute
to the cup of human sorrow.**
Nail of tlie Tniverse.
There Is an empire on this planet
which for strange originality might as
well be situated in Mars. It Is gov
erned by two Emperors at the same
time, and withal Is not larger than ths
State of Delaware. Both Emperors re
side in the same city, each has his
own resplendent court, enormous reve
nues, armies, imperial chancellors. ,
Government officers and courts of Jus
tice.
Only one of these Emperors is known
to the outside world and he, only to a
slight extent. The name and titles of
the leading one would easily fill a
column; his subjects, 1,000,000 in num
ber, call him the Susuhunan, and ha
himself modestly signs himself Pako«
Bowono X — "Nail of the Universe. th»
Tenth." In him his people venerats
not only their sovereign ruler, bat also
their religious pontiff, placed so high
above them that none dares approach
him upright or cover him with a
glance; his state ministers, and even
his own brothers, crouch before him
with folded hands as if in prayer, and
with downcast eyes. Yet he Is a pow
erless puppet In the hands of a small
European nation, and may not even
receive or dispatch a letttr without
previously submitting it to th« J&vaa
representative of the Dutch. Ha actual
ly rules his empire, every iqnar* Inch
of it, which he calls his personal prop
erty; yet he may not walk or rids out
side the palace cates without th» for
mer's permission. He keeps^thoosantfs
of troops at his own cxp«ns«r pen wtth
modern sworda and riflas, Amstrms
with ancient lances, bow* and arrows;
yet he Is virtually a prisoner In his
own palace, the grounds of which cover
nearly a square mile, where ther* art
hundreds of buildings, the most stxxnp
tuous halls, luxurious chambers and
storerooms and stables, with many
thousands of attendants. Still h« has
no kitchen and no cook, his own xnsals
be Ins sent to him dally from outside.
He is absolute master over all his peo
ple, who depend for their livelihood
entirely upon htm; yet ho may not
trust any of the men. and surrotxnds
himself entirely with women. Thou
sands of the latter an at his beck
and call; hundreds he calls his more or
less legitimate wives, wbo have born*
him many sons; yet he has no direct
heir to the throne, which Is one of
the oldest and most eminent In Agin.
This curious personage Is his Majesty
the Emperor of Surakarta. — From
Ernst von Hesse-WartegK"s "The Nan
of the Universe" in September Century.
the jury that Mr. Vest attacked the
witness on account of his ill-fitting
clothes.
Mr. Vest denied this assertion In
closing his eloquent speech and said:
"If that man's countenance fitted him
as well as his jacket he would be a good
looking man." The Jury returned a
verdict acquitting Smith in fifteen min
utes after retiring.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat.
then bed. and we begin all over again.
Such are my days at Belle Isle. They
are all Identical. They are charming
and magnificent. I feel that among
all the days of the fleeting year I live
those days for myself alone and for
those dear to me. That time is my
haven of rest In the year, when I
recreate will power and store up health
and activity. And I return to Paris
without regret. Belle Isle has given me
all I asked of it. I go back Joyfully to
my art, to work."
tiently awaited by every class of
music-lovers, is the Josef Hofmann
series of piano recitals. Mr. Hof
mann begins here his concert tournee,
and will give two recitals.
The programmes to be given by
Madame Fannie Francisca in her
song recitals of this month include
some notable novelties. Arias from
Ch»/rpentier's opera "Louise," from
"Zaza." and the Leoncavallo "Manon"
will be among them. As linguistical
ly versatile almost as Madame Sem
brlch, the singer will be heard in
arias in five tongues. There seems to
be every reason to expect big things
from this long expatriated San Fran
ciscan. Two concerts have been ar
ranged for, to be given at the Alham
bra. the programmes all operatic and
to be chosen from the extraordinarily
varied and extensive repertoire of the
singer.
PIANIST AND SINGER
MAX HEINRICH ALSO
HAS CREATIVE SKTLLi
On Friday afternoon Max Heinrich
gave an afternoon of music at Lyric
Hall. The afternoon was devoted ex
clusively to the compositions of Mr.
Heinrich, who to his gifts as singer
and pianist adds an important creative
faculty. The programme included the
melodramatic music to "The Raven,"
and to "Magdaiena, or the Spanish
Duel." with Mr. Heinrich reciting the
poem%. The composer was assisted by
Miss Julia Heinrich, both as singer and
pianist, by Miss Dora de Fillippe and
by Hother Wismer. violinist.
And, by the way, besides (her excep
tional gifts as a soubrette, that she is
developing at a remarkable rate. Miss
de Fillippe is an accomplished lieder
singer. Grieg. Franz, Schumann and
other masters of lieder I have heard
delightfully interpreted by this clever
little artist. Mr. Heinrich was fortun
ate in her co-operation.
And, again by the way, what a curi
ous career the little singer's has been.
When I said "soubrette" to her In my
chat for these columns, not so many
months ago, the little lady was deli
cately but evidently shocked. She came
here with all the weight of a Santuzza
upon her small shoulders and with
tragic grand opera written all over her
aspirations. But came one soubrette
part after another for her, cleverly
chosen by that clever stage manager,
Ferris Hartman. Always vivacious, at
first Miss de Fillippe was a little hys
terical, restless, unconcentrated in her
efforts, but always most signally des
tined for comedy. To-day she prom
ises to- be one of the first of her class.
Chic, wit, grace, and the most active
of consciences, as well as her excep
tional vocal qualifications, make Miss
de Fillippe perhaps the most attractive
soubrette the Tivoli has had.
Talking of Tivoll matters, the latest
surprise is the engagement of Andrew
Bogart, who appears next week in
"The Serenade." I know nothing of
Mr. Bogart's dramatic gifts, but know
him as a singer of unusual charm. It is
the highest, most tasteful, most pol
ished sort of art and should serve ex
cellently in "The Serenade." The en
gagement has aroused a wide local in
terest.
• • •
The Orpheum — talking of the Tivoli
— is rapidly entering into competition
with that ancient institution as a
musical missionary. Following up
the. Helnrichs' engagement of last
week — that followed the Russo-Deck
er-Abramoff engagement — that fol
lowed any number of others, including
the only Slapoffsky's; comes the Men
delssohn quartet tbis . week. For
vaudeville purposes the combination
is called the "Great Singing Four."
The four hail from Denver, . Colorado.
Their names at home are H. D. Mar
tin, first tenor: Robert Slack, second
tenor; R. V. Brown, first bass, and C.
D. Schmldlap, second bass. As to
their entertainment it is Improbable
that they will give "The Old Oaken
Bucket" or the steamboat whistle:
their programme taking the form of
a sketch. "New Year's Eve In Bohe
mia," composed of songs and dialogue
in equal doses, , If the quartet equals
its reputation it should be very much
worth hearing.
Another October attraction, irapa-
Sousa and his band will be at the
Alhambra .Theater for twelve concerts
during the latter part of October. The
band will be accompanied, as usual,
by soloists of excellence. ;«*
After ten years' absence Kyrle Bel
lew returns to San Francisco to-mor
row evening to the Columbia Theater
with "Raffles, the Amateur Cracks
man," a cornedj'-melodrama by E. W.
Hornung and Eugene Presbrey, that
was one of the substantial successes
of the last New York season. • The play
Is of exceptionally wide appeal, the
adventures of the brilliant society thief
furnishing as attractive material as
those of the brilliant detective, "Sher
lock Holmes." Mr. Bellew is said to be
most admirably placed as Raffles, and
E. M. Holland's impersonation of the
detective, Captain Bedford, is only sec
ond in interest. The inevitable love
story is present and claimed to be
charming, but the chief interest of the
plot lies in the very exciting adven
tures of Mr. Raffles.
As Raffles is rich, attractive In every
way, yet given to purloining even his
own guests' belongings, the question as
to what class he belongs to — the klepto
maniacs or otherwise^ — furnishes those
given that way with agreeable food for
speculation.
Mr. Bellew's support is the same in
all essentials as that which helped him
play "Raffl^" 200 times at the Princess
and Savoy Ttheaters. New York, last
year. Clara Blandick, Beverley Sit
greaves, Olive Wyndham. Mignon Ber
anger, Stanton Elliott. Frank McCor
mack and Frank Connor are in the
company.
• a •
To-night is the last time of Arnold
Daly and Dorothy Donnelly in the big
double bill, "Candida" and "The Man
of Destiny" at the Columbia. Mr.
Daly's impersonation of Napoleon in
the brilliant Shaw sketch is one of the
most powerful and effective portraits
ever seen here. As "the lady" Miss
Donnelly shows all the active intelli
gence of her Candida, with the addi
tional charm of a personality entirely
suited to the role.
The opening of the new Majestic
Theater with a new stock company in
"In the Palace of the King" took place
last night.
a • a
The Alcazar has an exceptionally
pleasing bill this week in the patriotic
drama "Robert Emmet," in which
White Whittlesey has a more than
usually attractive opportunity as the
picturesque patriot of the name role.
At the California Miss Florence Rob
erts will this week revive "Sapho," her
great success of two or three seasons
ago. Miss Roberts' art shows percep
tible growth In her "Tess" of this week.
and more may confidently be expected
of this clever little woman. As usual
she has surrounded herself with the
best actors possible and has been most
warmly welcomed.
If you have not yet seen It "you can
take in this afternoon or evening the
Central's Chinese play, "The First
Born." It is well worth a visit to the
uptown theater. This week's bill is
another Kremer. "The Evil Men Do,"
and if it be anything like Mr. Kremer'a
"For Her Children's Sake" of a few
weeks ago It can be prophesied as im
mortally funny — and vulgar.
"The Toreador" is still running to the
same successful tune at the TivolL
"The Serenade" follows in a week, with
Andrew Bogart.
"The Annheuser Push" seems to have
come to stay at Fischer's, the bright
burlesque cramming the house nightly.
"Miss Mazuma," the piece to follow,
has been written specially for the
house by J. C. Crawford.
• • a
"The Great Singing Four," or the
Mendelssohn Quartet, as they are
called In Denver, where they come
from, are headlined at the Orpheum
this week. Eva Williams and Jac
Tucker enter upon their third week and
promise something as good as "Skin
ny's Finish" in their new sketch
"Driftwood.". There will be a matinee
given every day.
-..-•' a a
The programmes for the two grand
operatic concerts to be sung at the Al
hambra Theater on the evening of the
21st and the matinee of September 24
by Mme. Fannie Francisca will be the
finest offered here in years. .The prima
donna begins her tour" of the United
States and Canada in this city.
• a ¦ •
Sunday night performances - at the
Columbia Theater will now be given
Xor the remainder of the season. Art
KYRLE BELLEW COMES
BACK TO CITY AFTER
TEX YEARS' ABSENCE
A theater for children will be opened
in New York in November by the Edu
'cational Alliance. Matinee perform
ances will be given on Sunday after
noons. Plays by Mrs. Frances Hodg
son Burnett, William C. de Mille and
other well-known writers for children
will be presented. 'The price of admis
sion will be only 5 cents.
Frederick Warde and Kathryn Kld
der presented Stanislaus Stange's dra
matization of Flaubert's "Salammbo"
for the first time at the Stone Opera
house, Binghamton, N. Y.. on Satur
day evening, August SO. The produc
tion is said to have been a success in
every way.
*Irs. Sarah Cowell Le Moyne arrived
from Europe last week after a rest of
five months. She will play the role of
the Countess in "The Two Orphans/*
beginning in Boston on September 5.
After that engagement she intends to
produce two of Browning's poetic
dramas in New York.
Luscombe Searelle. who arrived on
Saturday, signed this week on behalf
of Ella Wheeler Wilcox and himself,
as authors of the poetical biblical play
of "Esther," a contract with Oliver
Morosco, whereby the latter will pro
duce the play for the firsttime on any
stage at the Majestic Theater on No
vember 1. ensuing. Mr. Searelle Is also
negotiating with the Tivoll for the pro
duction of his opera, "Bobadil," which
made a success in London and later in
Boston.
Thomas Q. Seabrooke will star In
"The Billionaire," the play in which the
late Jerome Sykes made such a hit. The
tour, which begins in October, will in
clude rhe Pacific Coast.
Edward J. Morgan is starring this
season in his last season's success,
"The Eternal City."
F. F. Proctor has signed Mrs. James
Brown Potter for a long engagement
as one of the vaudeville features at his
theaters.
George Ade's new comedy, "The Col
lege Widow." will be produced by Hen
ry Savage in Washington on September
12. Dorothy Tennant will have the title
role. »
CHILDREN'S THEATER
TO BE OPENED THIS
WINTER IN NEW YORK
there are a Keith and— family modesty
precludes other mention — in our midst.
"Have vou ever exhibited?" I in
quired.
"Only once, in St. Loui3," Mr. Bos
worth replied. "I did it then to help
an Impecunious dealer along. But I
have strong ideas on amateurism of
any sort. It hurts our own art abom
inably."
"But your exhibition helped the
dealer?"
"It did." the artist claimed. "I was
something of a matinee favorite in St.
Louis ar.d the girls came up nobly."
My "Ah!" was long and happy. Here,
at last, was a bit of the Bosworth I
came out for.
"Ah!" said I. Then, too vaguely for
report, I managed to suggest the ques
tion whether or not Mr. Bosworth's
physical charms had anything to do
with the case?
He coolly argued that It had almost
everything In the following refreshing
fashion: "Oh, I know my value as a
physical specimen. I've been getting
money on it for years Tcu — you must
not think because I played Judas that
I think I know it all. Not by a jugful.
Eut a good physique is perhaps more
useful to you on the stage than any
where e'.se. And I've had one."
" "Had' one?"
"I used to be a consumptive." the
actor amazed me with then. "I got
down to 123 pcunds — I'm 210 now — and
there didn't seem to be any chance for
roe: in fact I've read my own obituary
three times and gone twice to the front
door to take flowers intended for my
own funeral. You couldn't get much
nearer than that."
"And how did you—?" I stammered.
"How did I escape?" gossiped Mr.
Bosworth. "Well. I didn't care about
the thing particularly either way. That
eliminated the wcrry element. Then I
took plenty, but not too much, fresh
air. And I forced myself to eat enough
and good fcod. didn't work too hard
and compelled myself to think only
healthful thoughts."
"Something of a Christian science ar
rangement?"
"Yes — no. though, for I still have
some little logic left," the actor put it.
"But you said you had 'bad' health.
It is Impossible that now — "
"A few weeks ago only." said the
man in front of me. with his clear,
quiet blue eyes, as calm as a summer
lake. "I fell from the roof of my house
in Canada — I've a place there on Rice
Lake. Ontario — fell en my shoulder. A
severe hemorrhage followed. You can
understand what that meant to a for
mer consumptive. Still I believe it is
only some old Jung scars that bled. But
you can understand that I'm not In
quite such good form as usuaL"
And I knew my beauty man for a
brave man then. All this was much
more casuallv told than I have told it.
It was. by the way. "on the side." hints
dropped here and there in the corners
of the interview.
We got somehow after this to chat
of the actor's deliriously incongruous
Mexican history.
'In Salt Lake City," he recounted,
"I got stuck while with Mrs. D. P.
Bowers" company." He laughed a little
then — he is not given to it — as he added,
"that was when I went with Herrmann
to Mexico."
""What Hermann — ?"
"Herrmann the Great." smiled the
actor. "I was his assistant. I did the
tricks and he got the glory, that is. I
used— this is funny— to go through the
markets in New Orleans with a silk
hat full of ducks and a rubber belt
full of eggs for Herrmann to do tricks
with to advertise the show. Degrading
rot. but it got me to New York and
Augustin Daly."
It is good to hear Mr. Bosworth
speak of Daly. All he knows he as
cribes to Daly— and Mrs. Fiske.
"You were long with Daly?" I asked.
"Ten years," the actor answered,
"and in almost everything they did.
AH small parts, you must understand,
such as the sea captain in 'Twelfth
Night.' Charles the Wrestler— that was
my first. What do you think Dab
asked me when I went to him?"
"What?' I asked.
"Not what parts I'd played, but what
else I'd done, what I liked to do, who
were my people. When I told him my
father was a gentleman — that is, that
he'd never been in jail or politics —
that I'd been a sailor, a wrestler, a jug
gler, he said 'Come right along; you'll
do.' And I think I was considered
quite reliable for all their smaller
parts. And how Daly knew where to
put one. His judgment was infallible,
I think. It is rather the fashion to
decry him now, but Daly Is the door
through which all the new life of the
theater has had to pass. He Is the
biggest figure so far In the American
drama— he and Mrs. Fiske. And Daly
was bigger, inasmuch as his view of
things— from his cot acting himself—
was more detached. See page of
my paper on Daly." the actor added
with a laush.
"You write, too?" I queried.
"A little." said the sallor-wrestler-
Juggler-actor-artist-scrtbe! "I'm just
waiting for an article of mine on Daly
to come out in Pearson's."
"Now," I ventured. "I know you
want to talk about Judas "
"Indeed. I do want to talk about
Judas." said Mr. Bosworth, leaning
forward to it. "That was absolutely
Mrs. Fiske's fault."
"The conception?"
"Not at all. but my being in the part."
There was much more feeling In the
actor's cool voice here than at any
time during the interview. "I didn't^
want to play it. I played Flavius in
New York, where the 'brutal brawn of
me did good service. But I had such
absolute faifh— have still almost as
much— in Mrs. Fiske's judgment, that
I undertook it. You saw the result—
a great mistake."
The pause here was not wholly pleas
ant.
"Then again with Lovborg," he re
sumed. "Any one less like a Lovborg
that I am— could you find anywhere?
Ibsen describes him exactly — pale, hec
tic, slim, so on. I Implored Mrs. Fiske
to let me play him with a beard, as
a character part. I am a character ac
tor. But she wanted the Lovborg of
the fieshpots "
"And there's a good deal to be said
for that Lovborg," I inserted.
"But surely Lovborg has more wit
than beef?** Mr. Bosworth protested,
••and I have more beef that wit."
An ironic star in staring chalk, with
a perky interrogation point beneath
It ->dorr.«"J th- door to which I was
directed. That. BurefcT. could not be
the drcssir.^-room of Hobart Bos-
sr:h. Dosworth the beautiful, former
leading man with Mrs. Fiske and now
fi:'i!.=r the sarr.e important office with
Florence Robert* at the California?
Eu: eo :wa£. The star was a souve
nir of thf Wean* Willie season pre
ceding Miss Roberts: the interroga
tion point. I understand, belongs also
to the sarr.e era. If it had not. my
subsequent observations of Mr. Bos
vrortb convinced me that he would
rot have been the last to add it. For,
•T.ot by a jugful." as he himself says,
tfoes he "think be knows It all."
I had often wondered how It felt to
b» tremendously beautiful, and a
ir.ar.. As an authority on both sub
jects I applied 'he other evening to
J!r. Boeworth. So rr.ar.y other thing?.
too. one wanted to know. For exam
ple, wny had Mr. Bosworth played
Judss tn "Mary cf M&gdala"? What
excuse had he for his Eilert Lovborg?
And what should one find to explain
bis delicious husband in "Divorcons"
t~ f?.cc of these catastrophes, his ex
cellent Krogrtadt In "A Doll's House"?
Z'r.tsf things always after the real
jurr^se of the chat.
The California leading man's
boudoir is not large. In fact, with
2ir. Bosworth and his shoulders in
e:de it rather suggested the salt box
You -wondered how Mr. Bosworth —
l:ke the- full-rigged schooner tn the
fcott> — got in, and after he was in
trot out. There was just room for me
to steer round to the single chair the
sctor offered, ar.d for him to make a
tiny bow ns he took the trunk and
t^cr under the full glare of the cal
cium 'trcrr.bcnes. please). Mr. Bos
worth turned bis handsomeness full
upon rr.e. It was too, too much.
••Dazzling" isn't the word for .it.
Tmust be seen to be believed. I was
iSown in the caramel row before I
could s£>* E. J. Morgan" — with Hel
en Bertram's be-worsh:ped husband
c:-an forgot. Hobart is too per
fectly handsome for anything in fact-
He has the biggest, bluest, clearest
eyes you ever saw. And the shoulders
of the man! Just like lovely Bertie
Cecils ;n "Under Two Flags." He
wore the dearest riding boots and
Mte corduroy what-you-may-call
ems :hat you could ever imagine.
And his teeth — you should see his
And his complexion — well.
Lain, you may thank your stars If
yours is anything like it.
. When I came to I found that Mr.
Bosworth was talking about first
right nervousness. I'm sure I don't
know wry. n ne might sensibly waste
t;rr«!» rv:th a D«sJy over such things,
f.nd Ehaws, I thought, but heavens,
why squander an Adonis upon them?
But he was at them and I noticed,
touched, that the bis fellow was a
bit breathless — indeed evidently nerv
ous. I remembered then that he
talgbt be recalling the San Francisco
critics on his Judas, their irnperti
r.ence concerning his Lovborg. as if
Bach things really mattered to a Hy
perion.
However, seriously as if it were of
Fen-ir." cor.seiuence, Mr. Bosworth
•was explaining that the whole com
pany "was unusually nervous on the
preceding evening — its opening right;
cf how, with some people, first nights
made r.o difference; of how again.
t. ith the Mrs. Fiske type, they were
'three-hour infernos: of how yet an
other " type, the mechanical actors —
'instancies Amelia Bingham and Leo
Dietriehstein — get a certain emotional
excitement on such occasions that
Jr.akes them play incalculably better
tha.n at any other time; and of how
he. himself, not being of the order of
£ctor that Treasures its steps, goes to
pieces.
As Mr. Bcswcrth's bookish, conscious
English. sti'.I jtc^th its appealing little
catch in the breath, rolled out. I began
to be afraid. Again I had missed the
beauty man. He wasn't it. I felt In
jured. Whv cannot people be content
to fill the station in life to which it
has pleased the godr.to call "em? Here
V-as a man with the splendid, vacuous
outside of a Life Guardsman talking
philosophy. Who could have foreseen
It? Did the man think I could go to a
Bobby North for a beauty talk? It
.tra« ::ke coming cpon an Apollo discuss
ing comer lots Instead of touching
rose-burg lyres. Well, there was only
to make the best cf It. But had no
body ever told him he was beautiful?
3rnpcsrib>: And they had.
Concealing my disappointment as
b<?st I might I turned a respectful ear
then to some of the earlier Bosworth
history. The actor used years ago to
be at the o'.d California, when he was
a small bey and Lewis Morrison a star.
He ran away from home at 12 years
r'.i to eo to sea. Three years of that
he had ard then came to San Francisco
to his uncle. Henry Bosworth. the well
known organist. It was then, in 1SS5.
"that he came to the California. Two
y^ars he was there, for a time as
"dresser" — ar.d a "very good dresser,
joo." to Lewis Morrison. Following
thit ca^ne sixty weeks at the Alcazar.
"What made you want to be an ac
tor?" 1 csked curiously.
"Weil. I never have known quite."
the gentleman replied, "perhaps be-
V-ause beins the — we!!, not lowest of the
jirts. but say the most easily avail
able — a youns fellow without much ed
¦¦j<_£tion might satisfy his artistic lean
ir.ps therein. And I had them always.
¦"You'd rather?"
"I'd rather paint on»» fine picture than
•do anything tn the world."* the actor
"Have yoo a little thine that you
have dashed o2 with you?" I asked un-
But Mr. Bcsworth was serious. I
; hat* to wag-er on uncertainties — ever
F?nce I lest the YnarshmaUows on Mr.
¦*Munro» last week— but I have .a strong
r-re^HectScr. that Mr. Bosworth knows
a good picture when .he sees it — even
bis own. H» talked confidently of
"Papa Corot." gave his sensations at
his first Turner, the "Old Temeraire."
«>u-ned humbly to a yet r.ot wholly
oomprehendirg enjoyment of 'Whistler,
ard. wonder of wonders, knows where
the Hcpkins art gallery is and that
His seriousness here made this purely
delicious.
"Then when you people here got me
in a part suited to me," the actor re
sumed, still most comically modest,
"why, 5'ou didn't think I was so objec
tionable."
"What would you really like to
play?" I asked.
"In 'Hedda Gabler*— oh. Brack!" said
the Lovborg without hesitation, "per
haps in five years from now. I've
never seen it played just as I conceive
it. To me he Is a great, big, fat. tired
old spider, who's been careful of him
self so that he is still very virile for his
fifty years. All the Bracks I have seen
seem to forget that he is a Judge— that
spells great dignity in Norway. Charles
Coghlan could have played the part
mine, of course, to his wou"Id be cut
out with a meat ax instead of a scal
pel." ,
"Meat's a good thing," I offer. I
"I don't despise it." said Mr. Bos
worth. "Hello. Ollie!"
Little Ol!:e Cooper, the Abraham of
the cast, perked a bright, boyish face
into the dressing-room as she went by.
"Oh, Ollie," I called out. "I want
you to try to talk more like a real boy
when you get in front."
"If she doesn't." the very big man
threatened as the very small lassie
snuggled confidingly up to him — "Ollie
is going to have a great part, Nuri, in
'Marta of the Lowlands.' you must
know — if she doesn't talk like a real,
live boy then. why. the property bear
is going to eat her all up."
But Oilie didn't look at all fright
ened, as hard in hand they went out
on the stage. And I had forgotten
ail about Mr. Bosworth beir.gr a beauty
man."
nold Daly and his company -will give
the double bill of "Candida" and '"The
Man of Destiny" for the last time to
night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, SUNDAY? SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Ism. But love of California is Inborn
in her women even as in her men.
* "¦ • £?!•>'£
General and Mrs. William Montros©
Graham sailed Thursday for Manila,
where they' will spend a month as the
guests of their son, Lieutenant W.- M.-
Graham Jr.,U. S. A. They were ac
companied by their daughter, Miss
Meta Graham, to whom the trip will
be doubly a pleasure,- as her fiance,'
Lieutenant Lewis Caes, U. 8. A., is in
the same regiment- as her brother, j ;
* Love strikes some families at the
instant— like lightning.
, The J. A. Bucks are among those
who will soon leave : their San Rafael
summer homes for their, winter abodes
in San Francisco. ' The Bucks , ; have
one of the most beautiful homes in ,
San Rafael— the old Sidney Smith
place. As for their horses, there is
probably not a more superb pair in
tho State than the bays behind which
.Mrs. Buck is wont to take her after
noon airing. M S
Dr. John A. Murtagh, U. S. A., sail
ed Thursday on the Thomas. - Dr.
Murtagh has been on a visit to San
Francisco for the 'past six weeks and
it is needless to say that he leaves the
city with many sighs.- And 'tis said
that the gallant soldier wasn't- the
only one who sighed at his leave
taking.
' / ;:' * T *
The William Horns have returned to
Sausalito from their honeymoon.
• * • »
Rumor has it that Ross Valley Is to
lose • Hermann ; Oelrichs. Mr. Oelrichs
has, for the past year, occupied the
THREE SOCIETY GIRLS RECENTLY BETROTHED. .
ton Gibbons, Miss Ida Gibbons, Mi|
Margery Gibbons. Miss Florence Gitj
bons, Miss Elsie Tallant. Mr. and Mn
Samuel Knight. Mr. and Mrs. Sil.i
Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. Ferdinand Steph
enson. Dr. and Mrs. John R. Clarl
Charles N. Holbrook, Mrs. Bowle-Deit
rick. Miss Helen Bowie, Miss Jenni
Blair, Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mr. an
Mrs. Samuel ' Buckbee, Mr. and Mri
Henry F. Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. Alfre
B. Spauldlng, Mr. and Mrs. Wakeflel
Baker. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick M<j
Leod Fenwick. Miss Alice Spraguj
Miss Edith Simpson, Mr. and Mri
Theodore E. Tomlinson, Miss Deli
Mills, Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Costiga
Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Searies, Mr. ar
Mrs. Eugene Lent. Miss Grace Buckle
Miss Elizabeth Mills. Mrs. Van Arsdal
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Mi
Ethel Patton. Mr. and Mrs. Samu
Pond, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Moore ai
Charles Sedgwlck Aiken.
¦ • '»¦•¦ ' » ". ,'
Miss Aimee Van Winkle, the flane
of Ernest Alfred Lee, is one of tl
fairest maids of the younger set. ar
while descended from ancestors
fame — social and political — has hr
A-ery little to say about it — quite u
like many of us with lesser right.
Her maternal grandmother was t]
beautiful Lady Jane Grey Burke, si
ter of Sir Edmund Burke of the Iri;
peerage, and niece of the famous Lai
J?ne Grey.
Wedding an Irish lad named Thor
as Moylan, whose health had deprivi
him of holy orders, she came
America, finally locating in San Fra
cisco. where she H\'ed until her dea
sixteen years ago.
For many years after her weddii
her property interests were held
chancery, but which, on settlemei
yielded a large fortune, bequeathed d
her death to the Van Winkles.
It was this remarkable^ woman-i
Mrs. Thomas Moylan. ling'uist, mu^
cian and court lady — that was the lj
cal ancestor of pretty Miss Van Wit
kle. i
Among the guests at the * Greer-
Ellinwood wedding were many ex
quisitely gowned women, among whom
were: Mrs. Sam Buckbee, Mrs. Sam
Pond. Mrs. Wakefleld Baker. Mrs.
Ralph Hart, Mrs. Ferdinand Stephen
son, Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs. Willard
Drown, Mrs. Henry Dutton and Mrs.
Dennis Searles.
The guest list included: Miss Grace
Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Hart,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank F.indley, Mr. and
Mrs. James Bishop, Dr. and Mrs. Mor-
A pleasant five hundred party was
that given on Tuesday evening at the
Mare Island navy yard by Lieutenant
Commander and Mrs. James H. Glen
non. Charles Taussig of Washington,
who is spending the summer with his
father, Captain E. D. Tausaig. aboard
the United States receiving ship Inde
pendence, carried off the honors. The
other guests present were Captain 'and
Mrs. B. F. Tllley. Captain and Mrs.
Franklin J. Drake, Colonel and Mrs.
Perclval C. Pope, Commander James
H. Bull of the naval transport Solace
and Mrs. Bull, Miss Williamson, Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Krthur MacArthur Jr.,
Captain D. P. Hall of the United States
flagship New York and MA. Hall, Miss
Meta Thompson of San Francisco, Mrs.
Randolph Harrison, Lieutenant Com
mander Robert F. Lopez of the torpedo
boat destroyer . treble and Civil Engi
neer Harry H. Rousseau.
beautiful Boole place in Ross, but we
hear that he is soon to leave for the
East. A rather pathetic sight is the
empty dog-kennel in the Oelrichs barn
yard. This kennel, with its deep front
porch, its gilded pillars, its glass win
dows, was built for the blue-blooded
Dane, which was the joy of Mr. Oel
richs' heart. But, alas! so the story
goes, so lusty and vigorous were the
howls of the aristocratic Dane that the
people of Ross rose In revolt, and Mr.
Oelrichs was obliging enough to deport
the blue-blooded canine. Then the peo
ple of Ross had rest. _*
* When Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann
was touring the Continent she met,
among other distinguished people,. Sir
Lewis Mclvor. With her chatty West
ern manner she attracted the astute
old statesman, who showed Mr. Mann
and his bonny wife many delightful
attentions, which included a visit In
the • House and tea with the law
makers.
As a token of appreciation Mrs.
Mann has prepared one of the* most
beautiful albums ever made in Cali
fornia, inclosing views of the famous
beautiful scenes in the State, inclosed
between exquisitely carved redwood
covers, polished to look like ivory-T
all save the color. '
Such a 'gift as this is really worth
while. Being beautiful in itself, '.' it
carries with it a fine chase of patriot-
Mr. and Mrs. William M. Gwin, who
are- at present visiting Mrs. Gwin's
mother, Mrs. Maynard, at her
on Fillmore street, expect to leave for
the East the early part of October.
They will first visit relatives in New
Orleans and from there will go to
New York, where" they will spend the
winter! Miss Gwln, after taking in
the fair, will join them there.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, who has spent
the past two or three weeks in the
southern part of the State, has re
turned to San Francisco. Mrs. Mar
tin's Btay in the south was, as usual,
delightful, as she was extensively en
tertained by her friends in Los An
geles.
What a rebuke Mrs. Martin Is to
lazy young people. Ever ready for a
gcod time, she has thus , found the
fount of eternal youth.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Sutro, formerly
Miss Mary O'Sullivan, returned Wed
nesday from their wedding journey,
which was to have extended to the
Great Lakes and New York, but so
charmed were they with Banff that
they remained there during the en
tire four weeks of their absence. They
will soon go to their home on Broad
way.
The Misses Mabel and Gertrude
Thayer, daughters of C. A. Thayer of
San Rafael, sailed on the 27th of Au
gust for the Hawaiian Islands. They
will have a delightful trip, as they are
fortunate enough to number among
their friends residents of several of
the islands.
Likewise was the Carrigan-Sperry
wedding a pretty affair — over on the
brown-green hillside of Sausalito.
The bride, always fair to look upon,
was never so pretty as in her nuptial
robe of chiffon cloth and honiton lace.
And likewise were her attendants
fair — Mrs. John Burke Murphy and
Miss Mary Langhorne.
Yosemite is the scene of their hon
eymoon. Where could more lovely
setting be found for love's young story?
• • •
What a brilliant picture the Greer-'
Ellinwood wedding was! And such a
winsome bride. Lucky Mr. Greer! AYid
likewise lucky maid!
'Tis many moons since so radiant
a picture was seen as the bridal party
seated about the nuptial pair.
The Greers have gone on to St.
Louis, the ancestral home of his fam
ily.
grandmother, Mrs. Neil, Mrs. Hobart
and her three charming children spent
a quiet summer.
What a glorious success was the auto
meet at Del Monte!
Weren't there? Well, don't tell it.
You'd never be missed in the crowd,
'twas so large and composite. Never
r.-as thf-re more exhilaration on tap
th3n daring those days of fearful ad
venture—in comparison a bull fight is
tame.
And c-vn the gown* at the races were
exciting. Really, 'twas well that Count
Montague was created a man of bal
ance — unlike some other Counts and
Princs who have tarried among us —
else the bewildering- array of feminine,
beauty would have quite o'ercome him,
evfn as it did the gay Prince Boris.
And. by the way, speaking of the
handsome Count, he's rather close up
in the train of Miss Ethel Hager's
cavaliers. He was never many paces
jiway from this clever young woman,
who really Is the epitome of fun and
vit — with Mrs. Sam Buckbee for a
cloFe ally.
The clubhouse was the stage of rare
grood fun, where the smart folk gath
ered nightly — with mint juleps and
tw-Jcrtold tajof? to speed the passing
hours.
Among the prominent folk at the
"••meet" were: Miss Lalla Wenzelberger,
Miss Helen Robson, Miss Pearl Land
ers, Miss Grace Spreckels, Dr. and Mrs.
M. G. "Freeman. Judge and Mrs. Sloss,
Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor. Mr. and Mrs.
Augustus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs., Fred
MeXear. Mr. anfl Mrs. George A. New
hall. Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Murphy,
Mr*. S. A. Moss. Miss Ethel Hager, Miss
Lfllie O'Connor, Edward Greenway,
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin. Andrew
Carripan, Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Pope,
Mr. and Mrs. L. P." Lowe, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Oxnard. John D. Spreckels, Mr.
and Mrs. Robert L. Coleman, . H. R.
Himpkins. .Gerald Rathbone, Mrs.
Charles? Baker, Mrs. George Andrews,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bernham, Mrs.
C. B. Stone, Mrs. G. L. King, Fred W.
< Gregory, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Griffith,
Ifrs. Hayworth, Mrs. Cbauncey Wins
low, Mr. and Mrs. M. Fteher, Mr.- and
Mrs. C. C. Moore. E. W. Hopkins, Sam
lippkins. Mr. and Mr*. Sherwood Hop-
Snobs? Are such birds indigenous
to this land of the free?
A*' e ' .good friend, and there are
Three 5p?ries of the bird, a few spec
imens of which thrive famously in the
.•.'an Francisco smart set — the money
tnob. the "old family" snob and the
"clever" snob, the latter class divid
ed into the artist snob and the liter
ary snob.
Now, of these the money snob is
jerhaps the most common variety.
and unquestionably the most mad
dening. Next comes the "family"
pnob. who tries to market his small
personality at the price of his prede
cessors. And then comes the artist
rnob, together with his literary con
frere, they who have, perhaps, the
be5t excuse for their sin, because of
their own endeavor and their mental
development, and since the only aris
tocracy worthy of recognition is a
Ijrain aristocracy. But may the good
Lord deliver us from all, amen!
The latest phase of snobbery In our
Western burg is manifested in a local
dub, the personnel of which is ,sup
l>osedly clever women, women who
can do things — sing, play, write and
road. .
For a time the club thrived admir
ably. Then up spoke Miss Moneysnob
whenever a new member was proposed
with the condemnatory remark that
" Really, they haven't anything.
They're not in our set." Then along
<omer Miss Oldfamily. "Who are
They? Who was her grandfather.*
While they may be nice people, really,
they don't belong" — and the singers
or the instrumentalists don't get in,
rust because they made a bad choice
"l grand father.
The artist snob is partially under
; tandable, but no less unendurable. He
Vas conceived a fine contempt for con
, eruional things — for money, for ra
«ional conduct and for the opinions of
cien— all of which is as reprehensible
fc£ the sin of his confreres."
And. by the way, this snobbery is
largely propagated in our public high
school?, where frats and sororities
abound; in the universities, where the
associations exist, but to a lesser
degree; and in the so-called finishing
schools for girls, where money, dress
and family form the measure of popu
larity, and. where character, cleverness
and personal charm count for but little.
And at the bottom of it all lies the
maudlin mistakes of mothers, whose
<icar desire for social triumphs for their
daughters has poisoned their young
hearts and tainted their souls— and
wearied the world with their snobbery
—which distinctly holds no place in
American civilization.
The Fred Tallants are among the
many San Franciscans who have spent
the summer In San Rafael. They oc
cupied the co'mfortable, old-fashioned
Hellman place during the absence of
the George Hellmans. Mrs. Hellman
and her little ones have returned from
Monterey, where they spent the sum
mer. . - » ;
More weddings! An interesting cer
emony of next month will be that of.
Miss Louise Bundschu and Maury
Simms, to be celebrated the evening:
of September 9 at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Bundschu at 245 Chestnut street.
The Rev. Bradford Leavltt of the
First Unitarian Chtych will be the
officiating clergyman.
Miss Alma Bundschu, the 'bride's
sister, will be the maid of honor, and
her other attendants will be Mrs. A.
B. C. Dohrmann and Miss Anita Hinz.
Benjamin Weed is to be best man.
• • •
On September 8 Miss Elva Shay
will be wed to Stephen Trlpp.
The ceremony is to be performed at
the bride's home. Miss Blanche Cro
nan of Sacramento will serve as maid
of honor, with Miss Hazel Shay and
Miss Genevieve Shankland as brides
maids. Messrs. Frank and Clarence
Shay lead the gay pageant to the altar
Afar in the Orient Miss Mabel
Wheaton will become the bride of
Conrad P. Hathaway.
The ceremony will be performed
soon after the transport touches at the
Isle of Palms. /
• * • '
The Benjamin Gunns of San Fran
cisco have taken the ponohue place
In San Rafael for several months.
•¦•".-•
The Walter Hobarts have left San
Rafael, where they have been spend
ing the summer, and have returned
to San Muteo. At the home of her
kins, Mr. a*nd Mrs. Byron Jackson,
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Sherwood, Mr. and
Mrs. A. B. Hepburn, 'Mr. and Mrs.
Sam Knight, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buck
bee. Mr. and Mrs. James L. Flood, Mrs.
Eyre Dr. Meredith Freeman, Mr. and
Mrs. Eugene Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. L.
D. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin,
Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Berry, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Dodd, E. J. Tobin, Mrs.
E. R. Dlmond, Miss Claybrough, Dr.
and Mrs. J. N. Hall, Herbert Curtis
Brown and E. C. Anthony.
• • •
Last night "Meadowlands," the San
Rafael home of Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de
Young, was aglow with light and
laughter, for a vaudeville troupe had
taken it by storm— likewise a few hun
dred delighted guests.
On the velvet lawn a stage was run
up with all the accessories from the
• California-street home, with electric
lights twinkling twixt every twig on
the grounds.
"Vaudeville at De Young's" has
something of the same significance in
amatt-urland as Weber-Field holds in
professionalism — hence no regrets
found their negative way into ' the
hands of the hostess, who, by the way,
is usually chief stage manager of these
thoroughly clever stage stunts.
Every note of the music was new to
us Western burghers, forming a con
spicuous part of a mighty clever min
strel show, with Mrs. Mark. Gerstle as
interlocutor.
The following formed part of a pro
gramme that Billy Emerson could have
unloosed only in his happiest day — but
why drag in poor Billy Emerson?
A constellation of stars, rendering the latest
musical hits, under the direction of Mrs.
Mark Gemle.
"Liza Ann," from "The Orchid"
Miss Lillian Brechemln
Quartet "Down on the Brandywine"
Mrssrs. Vail Bakewell. Clcve Baker. How
ard Veeder and Charles de Young.
"Pansy Faces." from "Mother Goose"
Miss Pearl Landers
Anna Held selections ,
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr.
"Julia," from "The Mummy and the Maid"
Miss Helen Wagner, assisted by Messrs.
Thomas Kastland and Courtney Kord.
"Hey There," from "Mother Goose"
Mrs. Mark Gerstle. assisted by \V. H.
Smith Jr. and Dr. L. Brechemtn Jr.
Chorus
The Misses Alice Hager. Marie Wells, Ger
trude Jones. Susan Montgomery, Helen
de Young. Kflfcfrleen de Young and Mrs.
Jack Wilson and Mrs. Xat Messer Jr.
Specialties %
Messrs Cleve Baker and Harry Bush
"Johnny. I'll Take You," from "Wizard of Oz"
Miss Ethel Hager, assisted by Messrs.
Ford. Veeder, Bakewell. Smith and Tom
Eastland.
(a) "Carrots"
<b) Act 2 from "Cousin Kate"
...Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr. and T. Eastland
Selections Willard : Barton
Scene from '"Toyland"
Miss Constance de Young, assisted by Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Helen Wagner, W.
H. Smith Jr. and Courtney Ford.
"Cordelia Malone," from "Piff. Paff, Pouft"
Charles de Young, assisted by the Misses
Hager. Wells, Jones', Brechemin. Mont
, ¦¦¦'' gomery. Helen de Young.- Kathleen de
Young. Mr?. John C. Wilson and Mrs.
Messer.
• • *
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, , SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
The San Francisco Call
20Vallejo. A. C Petersea. F. H. Hsnt. Fred
Kronenberp. Mr*. P. H. Meyer, Mrs. F. Mar
teU Mrs. J. J. Hendiicta. Mr*. H. G. Gordon,
Mia'a Alice Gordon. Miss M. Gordon. Frank
Lawton, Edward G. Davis. William K-. John
son. Fred G. Daley. Samuel Meyer, John L.
Farrell and wife, Miss M. Magaire. Mr. J.
Daffy. MIm Dnffy. Mies Gertrude Duffy. Miss
"Wilton. Miss A. Stcne. Samuel L. Edwards.
Miss M. Ellas, Frank Petersen. Edward I*.
Lawler, Mi«s Era Mclntyre, Miss Alice Matcn.
George Petersen. Georre R. Fialer. Miss A. G.
Sherman, Mrs. G. Norman. Peter G. Daniels.
Clare Desmond. Mrs. G. Nonsia. Frank R.
Kill?, Daniel. Lilynn. Miss A. Madison. F. G.
Cross. ¦ Edward L. Dlngley, Mrs. D. Dudley,
child and nurse. From Oakland — Louis A.
Mitchell. Judge J. U. Brewer, - Jame« - Lobs.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Hudson. Misses Cavle. Frcm
Bakerefleld — Samuel Meyer. Frota Xapa — Toza
Cuff, Fred MasbergYr. WUllua Keyea. — _
-The present gets away from a lot ot
people who are sitting on park benches
worrying about the future.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— With the re
port widely circulated that there had
been a leak in the Government's report
showing the condition of the cotton
crop on August 25, the cotton market
broke nearly fifty points to-day. During
the afternoon the report of the leak
from Washington was the chief topic
of conversation in cotton brokerage of
fices.
Reports were received that advance
information on the crop's condition as
shown .by the Government was heard
in all the principal -Southern cities
where there are cotton markets. It was
stated In New York that an investiga
tion would be requested by the dealers
in Savannah, who are firmly convinced
that there was a breach of faith.
Story of Spread of Advance Informa
tion From Government Cotton
Report Shocks Speculators.
STARTLING RUMOR CAUSES
SCARE AMONG BROKERS
PRESENTATION' CONVENT'S
FORMER PUPILS MEET
The title of the book Is also the
title of one of his leading sketches
and the bulk of the work has been
done since his illness.
CAMBRIDGE.- Mass., Sept. 8.—
Charles Warren Stoddard, the author,
formerly of California, where he Is
best known, has fully recovered from
his recent serious illness and shortly
will bring out, through Herbert B.
Turner & Company, the Boston pub
lishers, a new work entitled "The Is
land of Tranquil Delights." In this
he has attempted to outdo the pecu
liar charm of "South Sea Idyls" and
10 dispel the idea of the public that
it is his only work.
Anthor Recovers His Health and Will
Bring Out **The Island of
Tranquil Delights."
STODDARD WILIi WRITE
ABOUT THE SOUTH SEAS
ST. JOHNS. N. F, Sept. tr-Btr Al
fred HarmsTrorth of London, has ar
rived here to Inspect the large area* cf
woodland which hla company recaatlr
purchased in the Interior of the Island
for the purpose of establishing the
greatest pulp xn!H in the world. The
areas embrace 2000 square miles and
are excellently wooded.
Part of this territory is already be-
Ing worked by the Timber Estates
Company, of which Henry M. Whitney
of Boston is president. This concern
has large sawmills, twenty miles of
railway line, a shipping port and
wharves capable of accommodating
large ocean liners and other properties,
all of which pass Into Sir Alfred's
hands.
Sir Alfred Harmswortb TSewa Site of
Proposed Largest Pulp Mm ta
the World--
IA>2TDOS EDITOR INSPECTS
NEWFOU>T)LaL!n> HOLDINGS
Ore <ver-presei:t litUe vice "will de
rtroy the rroj vrcr"k cf a <2oien virtues
cr a v&caticn.
When you want to escape from a bor©
you can go down to the ferry and give
him the slip.
The veteran Odd Fellows, those who
have been in the order for more than
twenty-five years, will be a special fea
ture in the grand parade. While many
of them are gray-haired and are in the
sere and yellow leaf of life, they pro
pose to walk the entire line of march
in token of" their appreciation of the or
der in which they have so long held
membership.
Sacramento County will send a com
mittee of prominent Odd "Fellows, in
company of Governor Pardee. to the
State line to welcome the grand sire
and his officers upon reaching the State.
John B. Good^win, grand sire of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge, a resident of
Atlanta, Ga., will arrive in this city,
accompanied by the other high officers,
on Saturday, September 17, and they
will be escorted to their respective
hotels by the cantons of San Francisco,
Patriarchs Militant and a band of mu
sic. They will also be met by the of
ficers of the reception committee and
the grand officers of the State.
The committee on entertainment has
secured a chorus of 200 voices to aid in
the musical programme that has been
prepared for the Sovereign Lodge week
in the Mechanics' Pavilion. This, in ad
dition to the literary programme, will
be decided upon this week.
The anniversary of the Rebekah
branch of the order, which falls during
Sovereign Grand Lodge week, will be
entirely in the hands of the Rebekahs,
who on that day will provide entertain
ment for the visitors, as well as for the
members of the order In this city. A
fine programme will be presented.
1 Rapid progress Is being made in the
j matter of the reception by the general
j committee of the 33,000 Odd Fellows of
j the State of California to receive the
j officers of and representatives to the
j Sovereign Grand Lodge and the thou
j sands of visiting Odd Fellows from the
I East and Canada who will be in this
j city during the week commencing Sep
j tc-mber 23.
The decoration committee has com
i pleted all arrangements for the main
] tenance of the street electrical display
i and that in the Mechanics' Pavilion
• that has been established by the
; Knights Templar. In addition it has
\ decided upon the idea of decoration
j that will be used in Native Sons' Hall,
i where the sessions of the sovereign
| body will be held. The idea is purely
; Californian, the features of the make
! up being native trees, vines, ferns and
• fresh flowers every day, added to ar
; tistlc blending of the colors of the or
j der in graceful festoons mingled with
j American flags, escutcheons, bannerets
' bearing symbols of Odd Fellowship,
I the royal purple of the Encampment
i and the nile green and pink of the Re
j bekah branch.
Up to date Grand Marshal General E.
J H. Black has, with the assistance of
j the chairman of the parade committee,
j arranged for sixteen divisions for the
; parade, with a prospect of Increase to
I eighteen. Every county in the State
! will be represented in a large or Emall
; er degree. Santa Clara County wants a
| division, as it will have its own band
I and a float, also a conveyance bearing
j the children of the orphans' home at
j Gilroy. Santa Clara County will have
: a representation of more than 750 peo-
J pie. San Mateo County has asked for a
j division for 300 members of the. order,
i Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Sono
j ma, Sacramento, Yolo. Los- Angeles.
i San Diego and many other counties
; have given assurance of fine repre
\ sentatlons in line and have asked for
j place. The parade committee has taken
every request under consideration and
expects to make arrangements so that
every one will be satisfied with the po
sition assigned in what will be the
grandest parade the Odd Fellows have
ever arranged for in this State and
which will take place on Friday, Sep
tember 23. In order to stimulate gen
erous rivalry the parade committee has
offered prizes to be awarded to the
lodge making the greatest numerical
showing in line and for the most hand
some float.
Twelve Chinese women and more
than 200 men, ciaiming to be acrobats,
actors, show people and employes on
the way to the Exposition at St. Louis,
arrived at this port about two weeks
ego. The papers of all were regular
and a"! would have been permitted to
proceed to St. Louis under bonds in
juring their return, but four of the
women confessed . that they were
slaves and destined to iead an immoral
life In this country-
Imrclgratlon Commissioner Hart
North sent the papers to Washington
and in due course of time received
instructions to deport the four women
and to allow the remainder of the
party to proceed to St. Louis. North
has been subjected to considerable ad
verse criticism because he did not
recommend the denial of the eight
women remaining. It is urged that
If four of them are slaves It would
be logical to conclude, in view of th*
Chinese character, that the eight oth
ers are slaves also. To use the words
of a distinguished navigator, 'if they
were all boiled in the same pot they
would all come out alike."
The four slaves are in care of the
women at the Methodist Mission,
awaiting deportation or whatever legal
proceedings may be instituted in their
behalf by their ojvners. The sworn
statement of these women inplicating
the persons who Imported them to this
city are In possession of the authori
ties at Washington and upon those
statements the United States Grand
Jury of this district will be asked to
act.
United States District Attorney
Woodworth. by request of the Law
Department at Washington, D. C.
will submit to the United States Grand
Jury next Tuesday the cases of four
Chinese women denied a landing by
the immigration authorities with a
v!ew to the punishment cf the persons
concerned in their importation.
Wh»n the prisoners were searched at
tb* Ctty Prison 75 cents was found In
Flyr.n s pockets ar.d $1 50 in one of h!s
socks. Ir. McEvcy's pockets 15 cents
ras four.d ar.d $1 was hidden in one of
his Eocks.
Green met Policemen Tillnian and
Bessie* * r -3 gave them a description
cf the ttvo robbers. The cScers came
to th<» conclusion that Flynn and Me-
Evcy v.ere the men wanted and they
vest to their house at 11A Sherwood
p'.ace. When Tinman knocked on the
door ar.d told them to open !t Flynn
ehouted thiit unless the policeman did
not wast his body filled with lead he
fced better go away. Tillnian told him
to fc'aze a-nay, but Flynn changed his
rr.:r.d sni opened the fioor, while Till
rran r.at trying to force cpen a win
dow. Green at or.ee identified Flynn
ar.d McEvcv as the raen who robbed
him.
Thomas riven and David McEvoy
were arrestd early yesterday morning
by Peliccrsen T!llrr.2.n and Ruggles and
booked at *-he City Prison on a charge
cf robbery. The corsplaising witness
&eaics: ihena is Cheries Green, a miner
living at 12^2 Green street.
Green vias la a saloon at Third and
M:rr.a streets between 3 asd 4 o'clock
i.z.0. a dri-k. Flynn and McEvoy
vere also standing at the bar and
asked Green to have a drink with
them, but he declined. When he left
the f&ioou Flvnn and McEvoy followed
him tni asked him to go with them
tnd ehtre their rocni. Green was-eus
picious cf th*:r good intentions and en
tered a iodsr'ng-house so as to get rid
cf therr:.
After a few minutes Green left the
lDdgirg-house and when he was be
tween Minna street and Sherwood place
they overtook him. Flvnn threw his
arms around Green and McEvoy went
through his pockets, taking about $3,
a:: the meney he had, inculding a $5
gr>":d flece.
J. W. Souther; photographer, 1185
Market street, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of John W. Davis on , a
charge of felony embezzlement. He
said that Davis s had' been } employed
by-him.as a collector^ and; was short
In bis accounts to the extent of ? 1 4 2 .
Embezzlement Is Charged.
Frederick S. Stratton, Collector of
Customs, entertained Secretary Shaw
at luncheon at the Bohemian Club
yesterday. The affair took place in
the red room and' was entirely of an
informal nature. Short talks were
made by the Secretary and several of
the guests. Those present were Les
lie M. Shaw. F. S. Stratton, Governor
George C. Pardee, Victor H. Metcalf.
Senator George C. Perkins, General
George Stone. General MacArthur,
Admiral B. H. McCalla, Major C.
A- Devol, /-W. Olney, C. R. Brown,
Supreme Judge W. H. Beatty, A. R.
Cotton, J.' W. Nowlin, Benjamin Ide
"Wheeler, president of the University
of California; David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University: M.
H. de Young, John P. Irish. J. C.
Lynch. Julius Jacobs, W. w. Morrow,
John - T. : Dare, Chauncey M. St. John,
and Arthur Fisk. 7
Lunches at Bohemian Club.
Annual Social and Garden Party En- :
joyed by Many Graduates ot
the Institution.
On Sunday afternoon, August 2S, '
the annual social meeting of the past
pupils of the Presentation Convent at I
• Powell and Lombard streets took;
j place. The ofneers elected at a pre- j
i vious meeting assumed their respec- i
i tive offices to-day. Following are the ;
j names of the board of directors: Mrs. ;
! C. McCabe. Mrs. C. McFeely. 3Irs. A. 1
! Bardet, Mrs. P. Smith. Mrs. R. J. i
! Page. Mrs. W. Bursher, Mrs. J. J. '
! Bursher, Mrs. M. Powers, Miss M. •
Foley,. Miss M. Supple; president, •
Mrs. C. A. Stuart; first vice president, j
Miss K. Supple; second vice president. ]
Miss A. Murphy; third vice president. .
T. O'Brien; fourth vice president. M. i
Donigan; secretary. Miss L. Mallon; j
treasurer, Mrs. M. O'Keefe.
Among the subjects discussed was !
the golden jubilee, for which the Pres- \
entation Convent is preparing and j
which will be observed this autumn, i
! It was announced that the fete will i
begin on October IS at 10 o'clock
a. m. with a solemn high mass to be
offered In SL Francis Church on Val
lejo street. His Grace Archbishop
Riordan is to be present in the sanc
tuary and the pastor of the parish.
Rev. T. Caraher, is to be celebrant at
the mass. The superior of the Sisters
of the Holy Family, who is one of
; the pioneer pupils of the Presentation i
nuns, has with characteristic grateful- j
ness taken into her hands the decora
tion of the sanctuary'- On October 20
the graduating exercises of the pupils
of the convent school are to be given
at the Tivoll Theater in the afternoon,
when an especially interesting pro- j
gramme, suggestive of many essential i
particulars of the jubilee year, will '
be presented. On October 23 a!
reception will be held by the Sis- j
ters, complimentary to the past pu
pils of the convent, and the gathering
is expected to bring again into close
touch with their alma mater those
well advanced in life who as children
assembled within the convent walls
to receive their education. The pu
pils expect to present to the Sisters
a handsome purse, which is to be
added to the building fund of the
school edifice recently erected. Arch
bishop Riordan has met one-third of
the expense.
. An enjoyable musical programme i
was rendered by the pupils,' followed
by a delightful , garden - party. . . ; I ;
Marshall Parlor's members will pa
rade as old-time miners and wil lhave
one of the old-fashioned stage coaches
in line.
Precita Parlor will follow its drum
corps and make a good showing as to
numbers and general appearance.
.The officers of the Joint Ninth of
September Committee are: O. L.,Black
man, president; F. C. Coymus. secre
tary. The sub-committees— Promotion—
L. J. Fenn. E. J. Buzolzri. N. Hellman
C. D. Steiger. L. F. Byington: print
ing—J. .Wilson, W. T. Callundan, J.
O'Hallaran. Joseph Rose. M. Rattigan;
parade— M. H. Squires. Frank Morde
cai. C. L. Badt. H. O. Rogers. J. Han
an: finance— Charles H. Turner, J. E.
McDougald, J. E. Hayden. J. L. Galla
gher. J. R. Knowland; music-=-A S
Groth. D. Wilson. W. Veit. W. J. Don-
Ion. C. A. Bolderman; press— E E
Fisher. J. H. Nelson. H. Joost, A O.
Gerhart. R. D. Barton.
Mount Tamalpais Parlor of San Ra
fael will make a tally-ho display in the
procession.
Twin Peaks Parlor will. parade with
distinctive white pantaloons and white
hats, - -
Presidio Parlor will act the gallant.
as it wil! be the escort to Orindaand
Genevieve parlors of the Native
Daughters in the Oakland parade. It
will haye a fife and drum corps and
make the ladies keep step to field mu
sic.
Olympus Parlor No. 1S3 will turn out
at least 100 strong and have its drum
corps in line. It will, in the Oakland
parade, have a group on a float rep
rensenting "The Progress of Califor
nia." At that time the parlor's beauti
fui banner, mounted on wheels, will
be a mark in the division.
South San Francisco Parlor No. 157.
from which M. H_ Squires has been
chosen to act as grand marshal of the
San Francisco parade, has decided to
turn out the entire membership, led
by its famous drum corps of sixteen
pieced The parlor expects to make its
mark in the Oakland parade and in the
afternoon and evening will meet its
many friends at headquarters in Wood
men's Hall.
California Parlor, the mother parlor
of the order, will appear in the main
parade, with its drum and bugle corps
of forty members. The members are to
shine in a new uniform. It will have
headquarters in the Maccabee temple,
where a reception will be held, together
with orchestral music, from 2 to 11:30
p. m. The committee that will look
after California Parlor is J. J. Cusack,
Frank Tuchler, James Healy, I. Unger,
J. J. Neubarth. Fred Hobro, "William
O'Brien, W. Sommers and E. Fried
man.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 has secured
headquarters in Masonic Hall, Oak
land, and will entertain friends and
visitors afternoon and evening with
true "Native Son hospitalltv. The par
lor will parade on the night of the
Sth and forenoon of the Sth and will
be preceded ' with its uniformed drum
corps and have at least one hundred
members in line. The bovs have
adopted as a uniform a dark suit, light
straw hat. black bow tie and white
vest. The Rincon bovs wil Isport a
very swell badge. The committee in
charge is John Hannan, W. J. Wynn,
J. E. Foley, E. P. Courtney. G. Oringo,
P. H. Muller, James A. Wilson. G. H.
S. Dryden and Thomas H. Vivian.
PARLORS TO TURX OUT.
The Joint arrangements committee for
September 9, composed of representa
tives from all the local parlors and
those located in the bay counties, has
completed all its arrangements, and on
the evening of the Sth will have a
grand parade in this city of all the
parlors on the way to the ferry to reach
Oakland in time for the parade to be
held in the City of Oaks at night. The
local paraders are to be supplied with
a liberal supply of fireworks to be used
on the march from Native Sons' Hall
along Mason street, to Market, to Kear
ny, to Bush, to Market street, thence
to the ferry, where the visitors will em
bark on one of the creek boats and be
landed at Broadway, from where the
informal Oakland night parade, or
march to headquarters, as the modest
Oaklander puts it, will start-
ARRANGEMENTS COMPLETED.
The details of what the parlors of
Oakland, assisted by those of Alameda
County, are doing in the matter of pro
cession, literary exercises and enter
tainments has from time to time been
described, but what they are doing will
be added to by the Native Son parlors
of San Franjcisco. The twenty-three
subordinates of the organization will
swell the numerical strength of the
procession in Oakland, and together
with the Native Daughters of the Gold
en West, many of those local parlors
having expressed a determination to
take part in the parade, will do much
to make the day one of pleasant memo
ries.
The celebration of Admission day by
the Native Sons of the Golden "West
will be in the city of Oakland jhis year.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
events connected with the conclave of
the Knights Templar will occupy con
siderable attention on the 9th, the Na
tives propose to have as attractive an
observance of the anniversary of the
birth of the Golden State as has ever
been had in any city outside of San
Francisco.
Thomas Flyim and David
McEvoy Placed Under Ar
rest and Quickly Identified
Law Department at Wash
ington Givers Direction to
Prosecute the Procurers
Each of the Counties of
California Will Be Repre
sented in the Pageant
Night Display in This City
on Eve of State Holiday
Will Be One of Events
WOMEN TO. TAKE PAET
NOTIFIES THE POLICE
-
W00DW0ETH IS ACTIVE
-
PEEPAEIXG FOR PAEADE
Charles Green Leaves Sa
l<x)n on Third Street and
Two Men Take His 3Ioney
I'nited States Grand Jury
Will Take Up the Case
of Four Chinese Chattels
Head of Independent Odd
Fellows to Be Welcomed
at State Line Next Week
San Francisco Parlors Will
Aid Oakland Brothers in
the Admission Day Parade
From - Oakland— J. A- . Butler. H. H. Dea
lFCn. C. L. Knapp. J. W. McMannis. H. L. M
Mathews. J. Ghlrardelli, Charles Des , Cor
mlua. From Fan Iyanaro— Sir*. A. C. Peachy,
Miss A. A. Peachy. From Richmond — John
Peres, Mrs. J. Peres. From Eureka — L. Faw
cett. From Livermore — John Vukota. C. . E.
Graanltz,' From EacrameTito— J. Pargett and
•on. F. J. Parke and wife, Mr. aad Mrs.
Jacksca.' From V&llejo — John - Potter; M.
Jeorg*. William Castro. From Benlcla — Goa
tav Gnauck. From Berkeley— John J. Can
trell. Mrs. Hayes, Miss Ellen Kearney. From
Stockton — C H. Boggs. - I-rom Islet on — J.
Matbena. From Falrfleld — Mrs. E. Graves.
From Xapa City — Mrs. C Lurwes. From Hay
wards^Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Strobrtdee. From
Salem, Or. — G«org» H. Graves.
AT8EIGLER EPRIXGS: FttKa Eaa Praa
dsco—J.- W. Earthomew. -Charles JV Stewart.
P«ier " running, ; Een«aat_ S. - *>rrrHH. JT. H»
AT BTRON* HOT SPRIXGS: From Sar
Francisco — Harry M. Campe. Charles Encelk*
Mrs. F. G. ,Gantner. J. R. Dickinson. L. C
Mar»chut* and wife. Samuel Sussman. Eddie
JIanlon. Morris X«vy. George. J. Grinnell W.
Chester Kecgh, Mrs. J. C. Myles. MIh
Glascock. D. Rsbke. E. Caret. J. Cazet E
Sayou5. Robert E. Dolan and wire. S. BoJiloS
Miss Edith Cofcen. Ml*s Sophie OayburKh. Ira
Kahn. Miss Louise Lehrke, Miss Agnes Volgh*
Miss Mae McBride. Miss Lucy Burton. Miss
Birdie Burton. F. E. Flnnerty. Samuel Braua
bart, S. Freeman and w|ie. Mrs. P. E. Dunne
and three children. Mrs. L. A. Haehnlen. Miss
Mae Rodzers Jone?.
AT EL CARMELO. PACIFIC GROVE:
From 8an Francisco — B. A. XorrJs. John
Bryan. H. C. Xe'l. Mrs. Kilen Donovan, G M
Hcllowell. A. F Hodckinscn. W. W. Ros«,
«i«rorse J. Lanson. Miss Ellis, Ml«s Eastman.
W. B. Allen. \V. F. Pitts. W. S. Duvil W M
Garratt. Mrs. W. A. Fjnley. Mr. Kitzmiily
C. M. Plate. C. W. Riser. A. T. Hodskinson.
From Stockton— J. C. Hurell. S. P. Elliotu
iirs. Elliott. Mrs. W; Thomas. From Oak
land — Mrs. E. C Farcham. Mrs. E. Wade
From Illinois — Mrs. C. A. Martin. From Sac
ramento — J. D. Cornell. Joseph Henderson. E.
A. Xicolus. Dr. McGowen. From J5an Jose
Georse H. Oren and wife. Mrs. C A Ha!l
Mi's E. E. Hall. Mr. Kocher and wife Dr*
wj Oary. Mr. ard ifrs». Grpoui-rer. lll»s M
Greenlnger. Frpn» Tracy — Mr. Lam:$ars and
iriSe. From Spretrkela — jar. and Alrs.Vnylor
Miss Taylor. Hugh Roberts. UnUed States
army. Frcm Wyoming — Mrs. D. Murphy
From Chicago— F. W. Tuple. Mi?s M. Daw«on"
From Watsonvllle— Miss Ell?n Cox Mr and
Mrs. Burnham. Harry Taber. From Santa
Rosa — Mrs. W. C. Flnley. From Sunnwale
E. Burns, Mrs. E. Burns, Miss Bans." From
Riverside— Mrs. S. C. Evans. From San Jose—
Mr. Gresham. B. C. Andrews, Mrs. B. C
Andrews. Carl Andrews, J. R. Andrews L. g"
Andrews. M. C. Kent. Mrs. M. C. Kent.
AT AGUA CALIEXTE SPRIXGS: Frcm
San Francisco— J. Hogan. C. H. loyn. If F.
Edsall. S. Jackson. Mr?. M. Sabatin and child
James A. Wilson, R. Herring. WUIl&m Cro
n»n. II. H. Meyer. J. F. Fo!ey. E. Sehra»der.
James Lawrence. William C. von Gerichton.
R. C. O'Connor. Robert C. Oliphant, Andrew
Jackscn, Mrs Paul Rsjsiter, Master Paul
Ro5-it.-r. \\. R. Roberts. A. Chr:stens<?n E.
G. K<r?low. John R. Carey. Martin Coarcy.
Ardrcw Wil«jn. Frcm Oaklanu — C. Htlmke
rrom Alatn^da — X. SJvholan. Mra. X. SJohclm'
Frcm «an Rafael— ilr«. R. v. Hatton and son.
Miss McGeary. J. F. McLean. W. S. Dry
pclcber. From Arlsona— Mrs. C. ven Gerich
toq
AT BARTLETT SPRIXGS: From Saa Fran
cisco — Nat A. Manner. Mrs. Eug*na MoSat.
MUs Clara MoSat, R. U Atkins, A. W. El-
Ucgwood. P. Raymond, I. D. Went worth, J.
W. Patten. -Mrs. Katherlsa Sloan. From Oak
land — Mrs. F. W. Dlehl and son. From Ixw
Angeles — F. G. Echumacner. From Maxwell —
Sa C. Har.nah. Lizzie Hannah, Ada Turner.
From Haywards — J. H. Hanson. From. Tudor
— L. P. Farmer, Mrs. L. P. Fanner. Miss
Pimlngtel. From Mount Vernon. Wash. — H.
Clothier. From Birds Landing — Oiaf Thomp
son, C. H. Tosnesln. .John Larsen, Frank
Larsen. Robert Fishes. John Wlilican. From
Clarksburg — A. J. King. From Grimes — W.
W". Brown and wife, Mrs. Tolscn. From
Ores — S. E. Foster. From Dixon — Miss L.
Meyer. Mis* E. Meyer. From Willows — Archie
G. Schmidt.
• • •
AT MARK WEST SPRINGS: From Baa
Francisco — Henry Meyer. Warren Webb. F.
MorvelL Mr. and Mrs. J. Roche, F. Horn
bucht. Mies B. Robinson, Mies H. Hall, Miss
E. Lucas. Ml5i T. Caltrom. Miss M. Shire.
: Miss K. Shire. Miss M. McNulty. P. F.
Rattjens. Mrs. F. Radyers, Mr. and Mrs. Derb
icher. Mrs. T. Shire. S. L. Tarks, H. Kase.
Mr. Troy. J. B. Brown, Miss Peterson, Miss
E- Fine. Miss J. McXulty, J. Haubt.
• • •
AT ADAMS: From Ban Francisco— Mrs. A.
Lynch. M. Simons. William Warren, W. K»yes, i
j F. J. Wallace. Miss Walsh. H. F. Kredo. C.
"5V. Fiik. A. M. Lee, J. Hollywood. Mr. and
I Mrs. Campbell and two cons, Claude Simkins,
. Fred Finch. A. C Pedensen. M. J. J. Hen
j drfeks, J. Mulcahy. Fred Kronenburg. Mrs. P.
Meyer. Mrs. J. Fauser. H. Guntz. Mrs. F.
Martell. Miss Mercy Pacheco. Gilbert Waller.
C Behr. H. Scmmers Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Moore, M. Defty. J. if. Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
i J. T. Moroney. J. M. Maklns. Miss Maklcs.
j Miss E. Muller. T. J. Furlong. Mr. and Mrs.
i Shelley, J. S. Wlleon. E. Clover. E. Johnson. !
j J. G. South. Mr. and Mrs. Wheell. Master
I Wh*ell. E. Sullivan. Mr. Lemos, J. H. Upton. I
j J. M. Souza, George Wilkens. Mr. and Mrs. i
Little. Joe Copsey. H. F. Sullivan. Frank At- J
i kinaon. Billy Hew. Charles J. Leeham. Jos Fo-
I ler, H. Ohlson. J. M. Adamson. J. H. Mann, j
i Mrs. J. H. Mann. E. B. Hanan. J. W. Vott, |
1 F. E. Redfield. Joseph Copsey. Mrs. P. Frank
1 lin, Nellie Hays, Elma Hays. Richard Hays,
. R. R. Sparks. G. G. Baxter. H. E. Mints. E. ]
j P. Ford. Mr. and Mrs. Brooks, Miss V. Good
; all. Mrs. Hood. George C. Stage. Walter
Marks. Berdy Hlnes, Mrs. Holdstrom. P. Cor-
I coran. M. P. Markin W. C. Potts, M. H.
Barss. Edith Morley. LctUe Fllkln. Master
Filkin. George C. Hastings. S. S. Short. W. S. j
) Short, Mr. and Mrs. Conway. George C. Man
i nlng. D. McCott, Ed Stone, Miss Bobbins, Mr.
1 and Mrs. Craton. M. S. Guntz, William Pidge, ;
j Miss Dresser, James Butler. C. G. Bumcy, !
i Mrs. Cobwell. Lou Munroe, Jack Kelly. James i
i Bowman. Dave GIbba, A- Wolf. Miss Wiltx. j
j George Roidon. Mr. Bowan. G. C. Cosby, Tom j
Spangles. C. Schmitz. M. Kelner. E. C Fette- i
; ford. Miss Bain. Charles Webb. H. H. Hel- i
j boom. Miss McGulre. Mary Duffy, May Goldin, '
I Mebin Prather. Dr. Prather. Pvev. Dr. J
I Briggs, - p. C. Tompklns, A. C
! Hooker. F. C. Robinson. W. C. I
Cox, J. C. Denehy. T. M. Molle*. Miss Sorey.
j Miss Miller. Tony Freitas, May Freitaa, Mr.
j Durbrow. M. Dodge. Mr. Wilcox, L. Titus,
Miss Beimond. Fred Webster. W. G. Ccfran.
E. C. Tong, E. Chrisietteln. J. C. Lord. W.
O'Connor. T. B. Eastlar-d. George Stllley. Wil
j 11am Price. Mr. and Mrs. Conrad, James Ca
: eey. M!ss Colfln, Charles Wieman, Miss S.
! Milk. M. Florand. R. S. Foye. George Dorthy.
j 11. M. Foster. Charles Brady. Rcss G. Morris,
r Mr. Neppard. Mr. and Mr*. McXutt, J. O.
I Gruson. William Grahmaa. Gecrge Browne. Mr.
! Wall. Miss Goldstein, L. C. Blood.
I Mrs. Dunlap. J. S. Taylor. Miss M.
I Pierce. Miss Forman. N. W. Fowler, 1
I S. Abbott. M. We*gan. E. H. .Rhodes, j
j William Curtis. Mrs. C. Coglin. Mr. «\id Mrs. !
1 Bakwell. From Stockton — George Hay. N. S.
Baker. Mr. Baldwin. G. S. Bane. Mr. and Mrs.
Darber. Ed C. Cook. Mr. Barrett. E. H Ax
tell. Morde Hay&e, James Clarey. Mr. Hood.
Eddie Hanlon. W. Spiers. Mr. Keyes. Josa
Cuisine. Mr. Hover, J. M. Burk, Mike Hcgan,
Mr. Callinger. E. Campbell. P. Morgan.
From Sacramento — Mr. and Mrs. Collins, W.
W. Reath. G. C. Bakins, Mr. Staplington,
Geonre Giblin. Carl Jcnes. Otto Cline, May i
RaaCow. Lotta Co! vert, Mr. and Mrs. Jcnes, i
Mr. and Mrs. Polk. M. J. Bemidi. James Al- !
fridls. J. S. Moore. E. C. Moore, Mr. Parker, I
E. S. Saaborn. Berdy Parks. H. C. Barkes. E. t
J. Colton. From Los Angeles — V. Flnnin, Mr. I
Tucker. Mr. FerriH. Mrs. Ferguson. E. C.
Haaar, George Hanks, Mr. and Mrs. Herbet, !
Minnie lieroet. E. C. Boggs. Mr. and Mrs. i
Walsh, May Wallace. M. C. Allison. Pete Sut
tcn. Lottie Suttcn. Percy Bidden. M. W. Me- I
Clane. Dr. Bell, Dr. Walker, Rev. C. Carglla, I
Rev. Klyne. Mr. McDonnell. From Stockton '
ilr. Birdsell. Maude Jackson. Agr:es Lc<klin, |
A. Fre-tas. J. Frcjtas, Gecrge Holbert. 3. F. ;
Hawley. E. E. Bush. Tony Finn's. Mr. and j
Mrs. ilalin. James Hirtrick, Paul Freidfocre I
Andrew Flatt. Clara Flatt, Frank Western. 1
Mrs. Wooeter. F. McVee, Mrs. Bolch, Mr. !
Rotn, J. C. Blocm
Though San Francisco Is presenting
many attractions this week and next,
still the late guests at the summer re
sorts linger. They are loth to leave
the scenes where eo many memories
cluster round the pleasant summer
days spent in merry pleasure and play,
far from the madding crowd of city
life and rush. At the various resorts
are:
AT HOTEL EL CARMELO: From San
Francisco — B. A. Norris, John Bryan. H. C.
Nell. Mrs. Ellen Donovan. G. M. HoUowell. A.
F. Hodgelaloson, W. Ross. Gvcrge J. La&son.
Sirs. Ellis, Mrs. Fa.trpnn w. B. Allen. W.
F. Pltu. W. g. Duvll. V. M. Garreu. Mrs.
W. A. Unley. Mr. Kltxmllly and wilt, C. M.
Plate. C. W. Riser. A. T. HodgklMoa. From
Stockton— J. C. liurell, S. P. Elliott. Mrs.
Elliott. Mrs. tYirUam Tcoznas. From Oakland
— Mrs. C A. Kaxnham, Mrs. E. Wade. From
Boston — Mrs. W. A. Grazier. From Illinois —
Mrs. C. A. Martin. From Sacramento — J. D.
Cornell, Joe Henderson, E. A. Nichols, Dr.
McGowan. From San Jore — George H. Owes and
wife. Mrs. C A. Hall. Miss E. B. Hill, Mr. Kou
cher and wife. W. Geary. M. D., Mr. and Mrs.
Greenmrer. From Tracy — Mr. Laarnlan and
wife. From fc'rrecke!s — Mr. Taylor and wife,
Miss Taylor. From Wyoming — Hugh Roberts,
X. S. A.. Mrs. D. Mtirpaey. From Chicago — R.
W. Tuple, Mies Dawson. From Waucnville —
Mies Ellen Cox. Mr. and Mrs. Mum ham. Harry
Taber. From Sunnyside — E. Burns. Mrs. K.
Burns. Miss Barns. From Riverside — Mrs.
Evans. From San Jose— J. Gresnam, Mlas II.
Greenlnser.
GOVERNOR WILL
GREET THE SIRE
FOLLOW MINER
AND ROB HIM
SLAVE OWNERS
TO BE PURSUED
GUESTS STILL
LINGERING AT
THE RESORTS
NATIVE SONS
TO CELEBRATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
21
Kearnj.and Sutler Streets.
This Store Will Remain Cfosed Tuesday Ail Day
Matchless Display of the
Very Newest Silks
(First Floor Sears? St.)
You are respectfully invited to inspect our New Silks. We
have been for months preparing for this great display and have
gathered a handsome collection of the finest fabrics from the
best manufacturers. Medium and high-class Silk Novelties,
suitable for all occasions, are on exhibition at prices ranging
from 75c to $2.50 per yard. These special for to-morrow :
PEAU D'OIGNON— A soft, exquisite, pla!n colored Silk, in ** n/\
all the most popular colors, 20 ins. wide, excellent value, per yd. $1 .UO
RENAISSANCE TAFFETA-A rich, plain colored Silk, in a c< n/>
splendid variety of newest shadings, 20 Ins. wide, special at »>1 .UO
FANCY FIGURED LOUISINE— in polka dot and iridescent 0i AA
effects, entirely new for the coming season, 20 ins. wide, yard h>1.UU
j Knights Templar Cushion Tops— Beautiful Designs, 50c and 75c each |
Bronzes and Art Glassware
At One-Quarter Less Than Regular Prices
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
Art pieces in the higher and better sense of the term. Over
two thousand articles are involved, which clever artisans have
wrought in designs not alone new, but in a measure exclusive
as well. Included are Tiffany, Karlsbad, Bohemian and Lon-
huda ware — designed to serve as mementoes, also reception,
birth-day or wedding gifts.
A Disccunt of One-Quarter Off Marked Prices, Commencing To-norrow
Vases, Bowls, Statuettes, Figures, Busts, Groups and Electroliers,
Smokers' Sets, Ash Trays, Paper Knives, Stamp Boxes, Paper
Weights, Ink Wells, Cups and Saucers, Liqueur Sets, Candla
Sticks, Desk and Cabinet Ornaments, etc., etc.
j Knights Templar Visitors are Welcome to Inspect our Art Department [
Ladies' Waists for Fall
(TbiM Floor Kcaray St)
Dress Waists of Albatros, Zephyrs, Flannels, Velvets,
Velours, etc. — made in newest fall styles, exquisitely trimmed
— on display for the..first time to-morrow. The' following
three we have selected for special mention, because of the
cleverness of style and the modesty of price:
New Waists of Velour, In brown, navy, green and black, finely
tailor-made, with box pleat front and trimmed with large *. 9C
fancy buttons, splendid value «{>4.l O
New Waisf s of Albatros, with cross-stitch designs, trimmed with c - n „
gilt buttons, latest bishop sleeves and fancy cuffs, fine value, $5.25
New Waists of Zephyr, in fancy colored Persian stripes, .tailor a, 7 ,.-
made, with pleated front in newest effect, latest style sleeves «pO,f 5
j Scotch Flannels, New Patterns for Pajamas and Waists, 30c a Yard |
Ladies' High-Grade Neckwear
At Sacrifice Prices — For Quick Clearance
(First Koor Kearay St.)
Beautiful Stock Collars, hand-made, in the latest designs
that are strictly up-to-date and extremely fashionable — many
in silk, beaded, fancy stitched and novelty Persian effects,
some with tabs, others plain — in the most desirable street
and evening shades, including white and black, will be sold
to-morrow at
95c EACH— For Styles that Originally Sold at $1.50 to $2.50
$1 .35 EACH— For Styles that Originally Sold at $3.00 to $5.00
I 75c and $1.00 Oriental and Bagdad Tapestries, Reduced to 50c a Yard I
+ Our Best Offering of
Ladies' Dollar Kid Gloves
(First Floor Kearay St.)
We've sold many good Gloves for one dollar, but never anything to
equal these in quality or style. They're made of extra quality kid, have,
one large pearl clasp and neatest Paris point embroidery — colors are tan,
mode, beaver, red, navy, slate, brown and white. They will £¦* |»/v
look, fit and wear as well as any $1.50 glove in the market. \l 1111
We fit them to your hand, to-morrow, at, per Fair V 11 ""
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention. Send for Our New Catalogue
a warning!
"Beware of Long Haired Men and Short Haired Women"
Is in o'd saying, but one we respect. We have refused irresponsi-
ble long-haired women's testimonials and photographs which are of-
fered us C2i:_v for a cash consideration. BEWARE OF SUCH TESTI-
MONIALS. We only reproduce letters and photos of well-known busi-
rc = s men and wosien, who would not give a letter of recommendation
or misstate facts for a consideration. We reproduce here a letter and
photo of the we'1-knov.n ar.d bewitching actress, Miss Efne Shannon, who
is so pop-j'.ar/with the American public* that -no comment is necessary.
READ WHAT SHE SAYS:
r " ; * ~ " """^ * —^H
EFFIE SHA.V.VO.V.
K. El Cor. 107th St. and Broadway, 1
Xew York. Aug. 2nd. 1904.
Is ay opinion ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE is the most refreshing, in-
n*-cr»t!rr a=d beaeflcial hair preparation.
ED. PINAUD'S
EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC
Kas stood the test for over thirty years. New hair preparations have
ccfr.e 2nd gone, but there is- nothing that compares with the original
and senrinc. Unscrupulous manufacturers have tried time and time
again to reproduce ED. PIXAUDS HAIR TONIC, but they have been
sb'.e to -ircitite bottle ar.d label only; the contents of the original is so
ccsrly tnd so superior that thus far only cheap' imitations have been pro-
duced. BEWARE OF THESE IMITATIONS, and when purchasing
see ths* the name ED. PINAUD is on every bottle- Nothing succeeds
I:kc quality, and we are willing to be judged by the contents of a bottle
cf our EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC. It cures DANDRUFF,
stops FALLING HAIR and promotes its growth. FREE SAMPLE
BOTTLE off HAIR TONIC, including bottle of our latest creation in
pern:—?, mailed on receipt of 10c, in silver or stamps, to pay postage
Address American Office * Wp art the largest manufao
Fn DfMAlin ' tunrs * n ttlc world of high
LLJ. r ItVAUU, grede perfumes. Our name it
ED PINAUDRUIiniiVri a Z uar * atec ° f highest quality.
li/. rinfttULI DUILUIi\U, Ed. Pinaud. 18
NeW YOrk City. \Pl*ceVeirtome,T>arls.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C0Ev$eiiiC£i a i
flytetoves
1 Colors |fe j 1 1 Jy |]
1 200 post ST. I
H CornzT Grant Avc Jg
Edison Gold Moulded Records
Reduced XUei
PETER BACIGALUP1
Edison Fhno4raph Agency
786 MISSION ST., San Francisco
— „ Opsn Saturday Eresiajr*.I'm not enormously rich, still I have
an Income big enough to support us
nicely."
"Yes. but think how ridiculously
small the alimony allowed out of it will
be.'^Town Topics.
Even in Cuba.
/First^Cuban— How are these cigars,
senor?
Second Cuban— Very good. But they
are not like the cfgars that mother
used to make. — Exchange.
Where He's Wrong:.
A man has no right to give his wife
away when she boasts before company,
considering that she never gives him
away" by. looking surprised when he of
fers her the rocking chair when com
pany is present.— Atxhison Globe. \
" 'Oh, don't apologize, old fellow,'
said Jones heartily. 'I've dined at
your house before, remember.' "—Bos
ton Post.
The First Flirtation.
Aphrodite had Just arisen from the
waves.
"How's the water?" queried Mercury,
thermbmetrlcally/v '-'
"Cold," responded the goddess.
This is the first seashore flirtation
on record.— Chicago Journal.
A Sad Doff .
Cholly— Your dog looks sad.
Bobby— Yes; sis says she guessed hie
knows I named him after you.— Phila^
delphia Bulletin.
.Pleasant Anticipations.'
"Why can't you "marry me? It's true
David B. Hill has announced to a listening world that he med
itates a permanent retirement from the arena of politics, but fearful
Democrats are prone to hunt for the colored gentleman in the wood
pile. Since Mr. Hill declared that he did not know the contents of
"that telegram" the Bryan wing has been notably shy, in accepting
any more of his statements on faith, and the real import of this latest
dictum is to them as great a mystery as the identity of the individual
who struck Billy Patterson.
To the troubled pot a-boiling over in European circles anent the
violation of neutrality by belligerents there comes an added bubble
with the news that the tropps of Uruguay recently bagged some
flca-bittcn insurrectos on Argentine territory, thereby causing the
wrath of that republic to rise in its might. ' Old World diplomats
may now sit back in their chairs and enjoy a demonstration of the
ethics of international law in true South American style.
Considerate.
He was the most awkward dancer
at the swellest ball of the swell water
ing place, and she the most graceful.
After they, had literally bumped their
way through a waltz she smilingly re
marked to a group of admirers that she
had danced since was a little tot.
"Don't be discouraged," he answered,
in a kindly tone, "you'll get the knack
of it yet."— Detroit Free Press.
It Certainly Was. '
Riff raf— Hear about Peckem?
Biff bang— No; what about him?
Riffraf— They Bay his wife made it
so hot for him that he had to leave
home.
; Biffbang— Well, that certainly was a
shrew-ed move on his part.—Cincin
nati Enquirer.
Senator F. T. Dubols of Idaho was in
Salt Lake City the other day. A friend
met him by accident at the railway
station and asked him to his house to
dinner. '
"You will be heartily welcome," said
the Salt Lake City man. "Of course
I can't say what you'll get. Pot luck,
you know. Still. I " [
Senator Dubois laughed and inter
rupted:
"You remind me," he said, "of Jones
of Ashtabula. You know him. He in
variably says the wrong thing.
"Well, a friend met Jones one day,
just as you have met me, and the
friend said, much as you have done:
" 'Come home to dinner with me. I
don't suppose there will be much, but
if you'll take v us- as we are — such as
41 Is— pot luck and '
Xo Xeed of Apology.
LAVEHDER BLOE AND SILVER.
Some women seem to think that por
celain blue is the prevalent color and
so, perhaps, it is, but bli|e of a lavender
shade Is far more delicately lovely and
uncommon. An exquisite gown made of
lavender blue moussellne was trim
med with velvet of the sWc hue, de
scribing lozenges and bands, which
rather-heavy form, of embellishment
Brussels lace applications and silver
gauze braid brightened most charm
ingly.
LINGER HERE AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY.
GOLD IN TO-DAY'S GOWNS.
A touch of gold is upon everything.
It is not seen in wide strappings nor
in broad bands, nor yet In heavy ap
plications. Threads of gold are run
around the square-cut bodices worn by
high art young women; gold stitchings
decorate the fronts of blouses; gold
traceries adorn buttonholes as an out
line, and half the buttons show touches
of gold or are surrounded by gold or
naments, such as gold filigree.
AIRY. FAirtT LILLIAN. WHO. NO
ON K CAN DENY. POSSESSES 'A
LUCKY DOO."
"Just the tiling-." said Mr. Lewisohn.
He bought the bracelet, fastened It
around the dog's neck and returned
it to Miss Russell.
"How he must love that dog," said
one of the committee on selection.
THK Oakland bond campaign should need no further argument
than the admirable statement of John L. Howard, a member of
the City Council and chairman of the committee which has
wrought out the bond proposition by long deliberation. It is con
spicuous io? h> frankness and fairness of spirit, and its true
business ring. It girds at no one. goads no one to opposition, but
states with foj>ce a business proposition and a great opportunity. Too
much cannot be said of the good fortune of Oakland in having in the
Council a business man of talent and integrity like Mr. Howard.
When he leads ihe city can afford to follow.
It is every day apparent that the community in California which
neglects to secure proper and impressive public buildings, good and
clean strcet>. beautiful parks and pleasant drives and boulevards
must drop out of the procession. By contrast with towns having
such adornments, a California city that has them not appears dirtier
and more dismal and repulsive here than anywhere else. Oakland
has every possible natural advantage and some that are peculiar to
her and impossible to any other city on the coast, such as Lake
Merritt for a water park and the proximity of a possible foothill
park x- ¦ i • ' ,. t ,-- : a5; ';C
Not to improve such advantages is to deliberately stick her head
in the mud and die. smothered -and nasty. Men like Mr. Howard
and Mayor Oluey cannot always be secured in the officiary of a city,
and if the opportunity they have brought within reach is not seized
by carrying the bonds no one can tell whether it will ever come
again under auspices as favorable. Among the purposes of the bond
issue is the needed dredging of Lake Merritt to a uniform depth, the
material taken out being required as the foundation of a small paik,
immediately south of the Twelfth-street dam.
When that is done and the shores of the lake arc paiked. and
boats of greater draught can ply upon the water, the guests of Oak
land on public occasions and the tourists attracted by the beauties
the bonds will provide can enjoy the pleasure of a boat ride on that
beautiful sheet of water. Xo other city can have such an attraction.
Feople go where things are beautiful and pleasant and the- occa
sional leisure of life may be taken in satisfying scenes and sur
roundings. Oakland has the goods. S\e needs" to display them,
THE OAKLAND BONDS:
5UCH devotion to a dog 1s seldom
shown as that evidenced by Jesse
Lcwisohn of New York, here to
. day, says the Saratoga corre
spondent of the North American in a
recent dispatch.
Miss Lillian Russell has a small
Japanese spaniel, about the size and
appearance of a mottled chrysanthe
mum, which Mr. Lewisohn is permit
ted to take out for an airing occasion
nlly. He asked some friends to go
ii:tc a jeweler's store with him and
the dog this afternoon to pick out
a collar for the -actress' pet.
The only'thing that the jeweler had
'that 'would lit the spaniel was a gold
i bracelet studded with diamonds and
; rubies." It was worth $1800.
• v ......
"Who can tell me who our first Pres
ident was?" recently asked a teacher in
the primary department of a Philadel
phia school.
"George Washington." instantly an
swered a bright boy. ;
"George Washington was our first j
President," replied the teacher, "and j
this is what you should have said, j
Never reply to such questions in mono- j
syllables. I want all of you to remem
ber this. Now who can tell me what I }
have on my feet?" ' j
"Shoes," spoke up one boy. \ I
"You have not answered correctly," ?
replied the teacher. "Who can answer j
that question in a correct manner?" !
"Stockings," suggested another boy. i
"No, no, no! That is not the way." !
At this a diminutive boy in a back i
seat began eagerly to wave his hand.
"Well, what have I on my feet, John
nie?*
"Corns," replied John, triumphantly.
— Philadelphia Ledger.
The Result.
"Do you believe that mosquitoes are
affected; by the use of kerosene in the
swamps?" : .: ;.
"Yes," answered Farmer CorntosscI;
"kerosene drives more of 'em from their
homes an* makes 'em crosser an' blood,
thirstier than ever."— Washington Star.
SJic Got Her Answer.
"The one little remrjant of my orig
inal plan did I cling to. I chose for
my napkins these woven in whito with
the wild flower designs. But no more
rash attempts on my part to compete
with the perfection of nature In a
eclor scheme." — New York Sun.
"But when I came to arrange them
on my table aqd nut them to the test
of comparison with the real thing that
Mother Nature embroiders her sum
mer gown with — well, I found that 1
had made a great mistake. The fresh
wild flowers in the center of the table
simply put to shame my attempt to
imitate them — and 1 am supposed to
know the art of embroidering and
flower shading very perfectly, too.
"Which flowers did I sacrifice? My
own. of course, and without a regret.
"So I put in a lot of my prettiest
work. There was one set worked with
buttercups, another with daisies, a
third with red clover, o*ne with wild
roses and one with bluets. They were
certainly beauties or at least they
seemed so when spread out for in
spection before they were really in
"It struck me that it would be
rather odd and attractive to have the
centerpiece and all the smaller pieces
in each luncheon set embroidered with
some wild flower and then use that
particular flower for the table decor
ations with that particular set of dol
lies. '
"Well, I've learned one lesson," re
marked the young housekeeper.
"When we decided to .begin home
making in a suburban cottage, of
course I planned all sorts of delight
ful details and among other things
there was a notion of my own about
the embroidered pieces for my table.
Women who sleep a great deal and i
comfortably, who are addicted to I
naps and regard nine hours of whole- i
some rest as absolutely requisite to i
their physical well being, are the I
women who defy the frosting hand of \
time. These are the women whose ;
wrinkles are few and far between and I
whose eyes remain the brightest and j
cheeks the rosiest for the longest pe- i
rlod yfter the bloom of youth has fled. I
Xo less notable a beauty than Diana j
de Poictien?. who retained her irresis- I
tible loveliness until her seventieth !
year, recognized the value of sleep as
a preventive of wrinkles. Indeed, so I
fearful was she of losing a moment of ;
perfect rest that, mistrusting the beds j
of her friends, she carried her own,
with its jplendid fittings, on all her
Push.
"It is no^ often." said a broker, "that
James R. Keene answers strangers* let
! ters. The other day, though, he broke
J his rule of silence.
| "A country lad out in Indiana wrote
j to him. The lad wanted to come to
I New York and make his fortune, and
I he asked Mr. Keene to tell him how to
go about the matter.
" 'As I stand in the broad avenue of
life,' said the boy, "I find so many
closed doors before me that I don't
know which of them to open. How can
I distinguish the door that will lead me
to success?"
" 'There is onlv one door for vou to
take,' Mr. Keene answered. 'It Is the
one labeled "Push." * "—Cincinnati En
quirer.
Critical.
"Waiter! If this Is your Rhine wine
it never saw that river — or else it has
seen too much of it:"— Sporting Times.
3L EEP LONG: DEFY WRINKLES.
The most remarkable post held by
any woman unijer the United States
Government is occupied by Hiss Clara
Graeeen. who is the law clerk of the
treasury at "Washington. A mere girl,
slight of figure, with fluffy blonde
hair, one would never imagine that
she could be an expert writer of legal
opinions for- one of the "executive de
partments. Yet such is her business
and she obtained her place purely
through merit and superior ability.
It pays her $2000 a year and i3 the
only position of the kind under the
Government that was ever held by a
woman. Miss Graeeen wenf to Wash
ington from Kaskaskia, Mich., eight
yeiirs ago. Though still in her teens,
she was a proficient stenographer and
by passing highest in a competitive
examination secured employment in
the Treasury Department. Before
long she earned for herself the repu
tation of the most rapid shorthand
writer In the department. Her even
ings were spent in studying law and
after a while pome of the cases that
came into the Comptroller's .^office
were referred to hex for action. Two
years ago she was appointed to her
present important place by. Secretary
of the Treasury Guge.
SHE WRITES EIPERT
LIGAL OPINIONS FOR
TREASURY DEPARTMENT
FRESH WILD FLOORS
PUT HER EMBROIDERY
IMITATIONS TO SHAME
COLLAR WORTH $1800
FOR LILLIAN RUSSELL'S
JAPANESE SPANIEL
SAX FRAN'CISCO is the glad host of the Knights Templar in
their grand conclave. From every State in the Union and
from far countries the members of the order have come to
adjust their relations, transact their business and meet in social
enjoyment, and to renew old friendships and strengthen their
fraternal bonds.
Their traditions go far back to the crusades and to the incidents
of that great movenitnt. which changed the affairs of Europe,
cemented the bonds of Christianity, spread abroad a spirit of brother
hood and engendered the confidence in the arm and power of the
individual, which led forward to freedom for man. One needs to
comprehend the lethargy which preceded the spirit-stirring call of
Peter the Hermit to appreciate thoroughly the awakening that fol
lowed the union of nations in the unselfish sacrifice required in an
attempt to get possession for Christendom of the Holy Sopulcner.
The lethargy which had been upon the Christian world and
had retarded individual and national progress had its cause in
the general and profound and pious belief in the millennium.
Christendom had been taught at its altars that the thousandth year
of the Christian era would see the end of the world. The weight j
of this incubus increased with each generation and the gloom grew
more profound as the fatal date drew near. It was impossible for
man to rise and go forward in the certain prospect that on a fixed
date the solid earth which was his home, and* the sun that gave it
light and heat and life, and the sky arched above it, all would
disappear and only space and darkness remain. Not even the
promise of life to come in a spiritual world transcending the
physical universe could raise the spirit of the pious believer. Human j
nature, clinging to the tangible of which man was a part, was
stronger than spiritual aspiration.
But the day of doom came, and the world stood, the sun rose
in the morning and the distant stars twinkled at night, and the
earth gave its fruits, and the spirit of man put off sackcloth and
put aside its fear. , The human race acquired confidence in the
dignity of man and^ Christianity took on a new aspect, and within
a hundred years came to be studied in the light of its ethics and
its mercies and its leading to Tightness of life here in the midst of
the visible and the tangible. Then the hearts of men were ihrilled by
lo\e. instead of being crushed by fear, and men werejnoved by great
and unselfish zeal to rescue the Holy Sepulcher and put Christendom
in possession of the affluent fountain of its mighty and merciful
purpose. •>.
The crusades filled Europe with the Templars and the Palmers
and banded them into fraternities. They caused a higher value to
be put upon character and conduct, and their final effect was to
compel respect for human reason, for the right of private judgment
and to enfranchise man a< a citizen of the spiritual republic, with
the right to spiritually approach his Creator without an inter
mediary if he chose to have it so.
The Knights Templar, to their own satisfaction, represent these
final effects of the crusades. In forms and ritual they preserve the
traditions of that distant and heroic age. adapting them to the
enlightenment that has come since the" incubus of the millennium
was lifted. They come to us the representatives of character and
fraternity. We welcome them in the midst of spectacular and
decorative effects, intended as a fit setting for the pageantry which
is the external expression of the traditions of which they are the
keepers.
Pageantry has always deeply influenced man. It is properly
used to move him in the formation and execution of high purposes,
and may be a factor in personal reform by suggesting a high ideal
which becomes a leading and' a light. Government* have averted
disaster by pageantry and the most venerable religious bodies have
always used it to impress man; by ritual andjprrn* Xo matter what
one's views of splendid display may be there are few who are not
thrilled and moved and for a time taken above themselves by
pageantry. Its use by our guests is to inspire ideals and to dignify
the sentiment of fraternity.:
. They are with ;:s in thousands — they are welcome. The spirit
of hospitality warms every heart and Hushes every face in Cali
fornia. \\ biltr il't-y stay oil we have is theirs. The members of
their order who arc fellow citizens add to the virtues of the
Templar the exalted quality of dwellers in a State where the
grass roots in gold, the vineyards purple in the sun and nature
wears unfading; garlands. They are the particular hosts, but every
one of us is a host of this great throng, whose members are of a
world-belting fraternity, in which brotherly love survives war,
pestilence and ambition. '
? Special Correspondence
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALU
HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, Aug. 20.—To
teach Irishmen to farm on Ameri
can lines Is the object of an Inter
esting scheme recently conceived by
Sir Horace Plunkett. Sir Horace
is vice president of the Irish Board
of Agriculture, but he is best
known in the United States as the
owner of large ranches in Dakota,
Wyoming and Montana. An agent of
his named Blair is novr In the United
States for the purpose of inducing
young Irishmen now in American cities
to go on Sir Horace's ranches and
get an insight into the system he em
ploys there, in the hope that they may
be induced later on to return to Ire
land and become practical agricultur
ists in their «o\vn country. He will also
send out direct a number of young
men from Ireland next month. He will
pay their passages, and from the mo
ment they commence work on the
ranches they will receive wages equiv
alent to what unskilled labor would
command in any city or town In the
United States. Sir Horace has com
menced to recognize the evils of emi
gration as it affects Ireland, and he is
prepared to make big sacrifices to com
bat them. It is estimated that this
experiment of his will* cost him at least
$30,000. The Irish Board of Agriculture,
of which he is practically the head, has
nothing to do with this scheme. It is
purely an idea of his own. He has re
cently taken much interest In the work
of the Anti-Emigration Society, and h<*
has succeeded in finding employment at
home for quite a number of young men
and women whose passages had been
paid to the United States. Under his
regime at the Board of Agriculture
fruit growing, improvement in forestry
and the peat industry are opening up
fresh avenues of employment.
:
I
i
\
|
j
|
j
•
>
j
|
'
BRYAirofPMER,
Friends and countrymen, let's trust
him —
Though he's not a man to trust —
fLet's endeavor to elect him.
Though his cause is far from Just;
I have put away all rancor.
A3 I promised them I would.
I am for the splendid ticket.
Though It isn't any good. -.«%*,
Let us gird ourselves for bftttle—
But I hope we cannot win —
Let us pray to be successful.
Though success would be a sin;
Let us give the people's banner
1'nto him to nobly bear.
But its dangerous to do it.
For he isn'l on the square.
Let us wave our hats for Parker,
The poor tool of foxy Dave:
Let us rest our hopes upon him.
Though he's Mammon's cringing slave.
Let us "raise him up to power.
H?lp to sond him whooping through.
But remember—here I warn you —
You'll be sorry if you do.
—S. E. Kiser. in Chicago Record-Herald.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
—: .
THE EAGLE—M. T. C. City. The
eagle has been used as an emblem from
the idea of ancient mythology that it
was the bird of Jove and was the one
that bore the souls of the dying to
their abode on Mount Olympus.
ADVERTISEMENT—S. C. B.. City.
An answer to your question would be
an advertisement of a private concern.
This department does not answer ques
tions the answers to which amount to
an advertisement of any private con
cern.
COUNTIES— L. T. D.. Ukiah. Cal.
For information in relation to the vari
ous counties of the State of California
as to population, productiveness, etc..
address a letter of inquiry to the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, 25 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE PRESIDIO—M. M.. City. Th»
Presidio is a United States military
reservation and is United States ter
ritory, but it is within the territorial
boundary of San Francisco city an«l
county. But the city and county arov
eminent has no control over the Pre
sidio.
THE BEST ENCYCLOPEDIA—C.
R.. City. All of the modern cyclo
pedias are useful and good, but thii
department will not make the declara
tion as "to which Is the best." having
no desire to open up a controversy.
The best Is the one that will furnish
the information desired. It may be
found in one more amplified than in
another.
VENTRILOQUISM—J. M. F.. City.
i The art or practice of speaking or ut
tering sounds which appear to come not
i from the person speaking but from
! some other, called ventriloquism, doe*
! not depend on any peculiar structure of
j the organs of voice, but on practice and
; dexterity and consists mainly In taking
a deep inhalation of breath and then
allowing It to escape slowly, the sounda
of the voice being modified and muf
fled by means of the muscles of the up
per part of the throat and the palate.
Music In the Park.
The Golden Gate Park band will
render the following programmes to
day and to-morrow:
SUNDAY.
March. "Th<» Star of I>stlny." Dewey
Orerture. "Poet and Peasant." Supp«
Waltz. "Stories From Vienna Woods,".Strauss
Solo for flute Selecte!
Sijnor A. Lorn bardo.
Grand Fantaaie. "1* Boheme," Puccini
Overture. "Tannhauser." R. \r«n»r
a.—Patriotic song, "California Quern of Old
Columbia,"-f...Vr7T.V. Jennie I* Thorp
b.—Descriptive American sketch. "Down
8outh." Myddleton
Selection. "Th« Slnclnj: Girl.". .Victor Herbert
Tfere* Hungarian dances J. Brahms
Grand Coronation March from "Th«» Folk
unger," Kretschmer
MONDAY.
Tha Old FUic Forever Leila Franc*
March. "California Cbmmandery.'• (new)
Alfred A. Batkln (of California Comsian
dery Knights Templar).
Overture. ""Fest." Lent ner
"Walts. "Wedding- of the Winds.*; Hall
Solo for cornet Selected
D. C. Rose brook.
Grand Fantasie. "Carmen." Bizet
Overture. "Nabucco." Verdi
a.—Intermezzo. "CaYal'eria Rustlcana."
Maacaarnt
b.—Miserere from II Trovatore
.....Cornet and Trombone
Selection. "Prince of Pllsen." LiHe-*
Comic tattoo, or the band on a strike..Godfrey
Grand American Fantasia Victor Herbert
Townsend's California -Glace fruits ta
artistic Cre-etched boxes. * 15 Market sr_*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tci
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal*
tforaia street. Telephone Mala 1042, *
THE VISITING KNKjHTS TEMPLAR.
THE SAN FRANOISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
~ ~~ AODUES3 ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO : '-V '
JOHV McX AUGHT... JL11L1L1^ f -~^ g -
PCBUCATttUf OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 4, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. SEPTEMBER 4,/ 1904.
YOUNG IRISHMEN COM
ING TO LEARN AGRI
CULTURE IN AMERICA
UNCLE SAM : "THE COUNTRY WOULD LIKE TO HEAR FROM YOU."
22REV. GEO. C. ADAMS.
It is a part of the nature of things:
rot a matter of legislation, but a "hu
man necessity. Just as surely as a
dock is made to run a certain num
ber of days and then stop unless
¦wound up, so surely the human sys
tem is constructed to do good v. - ork,
and last its allotted number of years,
provided it is given one seventh of
the time for recuperation, and the per
sistent violation of that law , means
physical, mental and spiritual" deteri
oration. It is unfortunate that a large
part cf the people have got the im
pression that the Sabbath is man's
invention, and that those who had the
power have made laws for its- ob
servants that did not take into ac
count the difference in tastes, in con
-stcience and in training; it is true that
in some places such lav.s are or have
been on the statute books, but they
were there because some had recog
nized an inexorable law, and had per
haps not stopped to see that not all
had learned what they had. We are
learning, sometimes by bitter experi
ence, that men cannot be legislated
into morality. When the French -' --
6embly undertook to rearrange all the
s flairs of government they yielded to
iheir spirit of hatred to the clergy and
the church so far as to include in it
everything religious, and among other
reformatory acts so called they abol
ished the Sabbath. They made a new
arrangement of time, and realizing
that man must have some rest* and
change, they appointed each tenth
day as a day of rest and festivity.
This stood for a time, but not long;
the human need was too great, and
TKIRTY-FIVE years ago Presi
dent Clark of the Massachu
setts Agricultural College was
earnestly importuned to lake
charge of the educational system of
Japan, then just beginning the course
of study and improvement that has
made her the formidable figh'er she
Is to-day. He replied that his duties
to his college were such that h«» could
not accept the offered position. The
call was repeated with such earnest
ness that Dr. Clark finally consented
to go over and teach for one year. In
preparation for it he sent the Mikado
a sketch of work for the days of the
rreek, such as he thought would make
the best use of the time. He was
aware that Japan had no such idea
of a day of rest as that to which he
had been trained, and was puzzled for
a little as to how he should indicate
it; he finally made out the schedule
of duties for the different days, and
when he came to Sunday he left it
blank; it was sent for inspection, and
in due time came' back with the Mi
kado's approval, and in the blank
fj.ace after Sunday he had written
the word '•Rest." Whether it was an
act of courtesy to the man whose
services he desired, or a recognition
of the fact that the so-called Chris
tian nations have a principle repre
sented In the Sabbath that is an ele
ment of strength, the Mikado stated
a great fact and cave his sanction to
it? acceptance as a part of the teach
ers' schedule. * ¦ ,
That the t Sabbath rightly appre
ciated is a help to public order is
shown by the consequences of its
abolition. Those who have a con
science with regard to it are liable
to have one in all other matters. When
the French Assembly had" taken the
step mentioned above Zachary Ma
caulay, the father of the famous es
sayist, had with infinite labor planted
a colony on the coast of Africa; it
was prosperous, orderly and the peo
ple were happy and contented. One
day a French frigate appeared in the
cfiinjy: the officers and men came
ashore and began carousing about the
town and tearing things to pieces;
Mr. Macaulay remonstrated with the
officers and reminded them that it was
a Sabbath; the officers exclaimed:
"Don't you know that the Assembly
has abolished the Sabbath?" and they
tore his town to pieces. Xo matter
how strict or how apparently dog
matic they may be who ( keep the Sab
bath, it is generally conceded that if
they are conscientious about it they
are honest ;ind sincere in other mat
ters. It has a definite influence on
the whole life. When William E.
Dodge was talking in the board of di
rectors of one of the Eastern rail
roads and they were arguing the ques
tion of Sunday trajfic he said: "Gen
tlemen, if you compel your employes
to break the fourth commandant they
shortly they came back to the old ar
rangement and replaced the Sabbath
in the calendar.
There is another side to man's na
ture, a higher faculty, that often gets
neglected in the work of life. A great
ironworker, a successful mart, who
heard Ole Bull play his violin in his
factorj'. admitted that he had lost
something out of his life; he had
been so eager and devoted to his reg
ular business that he had neglected
the finer qualities of his nature, and
the chords of that violin woke him to
HIGHER FACULTY NEGLECTED.
prepared him for the other services
of the day. In these times he might
shovel all he pleased on Sunday, and
very few would take any account of
his acts. The craving for a complete
change from the other days Is lead
ing thousands out into the fields and
over the mountain sides each Sabbath.
The great question for each one to
decide is whether what they are doing
really rests them and prepares them
for the next day's work. Because of
this practice and the things that often
are attendant upon it It is true that
many working people are rendered
utterly unfit for their daily toil; while
we have no right to legislate or to be
conscience for them we do have the
right to ask if they are really bene
fiting themselves. The foremen of
factories and those who employ large
numbers of men tell us how they
dread Monday morning, many of
their employes have so used the Sab
bath that they are of no use until
•Tuesday or even Wednesday; such a
use of the Sabbath as- cuts off a man's
earnings for one or two days of every
week cannot be called rest to him or
any one else.
of the institutions of civilization, of
great antiquity, associated the
moral fiber of the races that have
made use of it; it certainly seems to
merit our careful thought and to be
worth some sort of observance. We
mred to bear in mind the fact that
"we are a people of diverse training,
different ideals and varying practices.
We are to be most charitable to one
another; no one of us has the right
to decide how another shall observe
the day; in an article like this we can
only attempt to show what the day
stands for and what can be accom
plished by it. The word means a
break in the order of work, it marks
a pause in the business of life; we are
all pretty well agreed that we shall
be the better for leaving off the work
that has taken all our time and
strength for the past six days, and by
doing something different; it is to be
made as unlike as possible to the days\
that have preceded and those that will
follow it. -Rest is not necessarily idle
ntss; to the one who has been exer
cising the muscles violently rest will
be the relaxation to the muscles and
the exercise of the mental faculties;
to the tired brain worker the- most
violent of physical exercise may be
the best rest, j One of the ablest and
best ministers who ever lived had a
load of sand in his cellar, and when
he came home from church on Sun
day, his brain fagged and his nerves
all afire, he went down and shoveled
that load of sand about; it waa a day
when the consciences of the members
of his congregation were sure to be
as active for him as for themselves;
but it was exactly what he needed and
a consciousness of it- Another man,
a great pork packer, was approached
by a friend with regard to a mission
enterprise, and he remarked, "I don't
know anything about missions. I know
all about pork." It is well that a man
should put his whole heart into what
he is doing, but it is rather a humili
ating admission to make that he
kno*s only iron, % or only all about
pork\ There is something in every
humap being that calls for finer food
than 'that, and cannot be satisfied
merely on these things. There are
times when the most debased or th»»
coarsest nature is conscious that thera
Is a realm about him in the air and
the sky, and that he cannot appre
ciate it. In George Eliox'a Romola
the old Greek, Baldasarre. 13 shedding
tears because he knows he could once
read the letters on the page before
him. and the power is gone. To maSy
of U3 at times there comes the fact
that we once had a purity of heart, a
power of appreciating tjift'' beautiful
and the good, and that we have lost it.
Right here is a chance for Sabbath
rest that will restore what has been
lost; man needs to remember that he
had a Creator; by special enactment
th<» French Assembly declared its be
lief Jn a Supreme Being. We do not
need such an enactment; we all be
lieve in a creator; we need sometimes
to stop and think about him. We may
do it in the fields, or when meditating
on his works in nature; we may do it
better where many are gathered to
gether who believe as we do, and
where in song and prayer and other
exercises we are toned up spiritually
till we can do our best.
BY REV. GEORGE C. ADAMS, Pastor First Congregational Church.
REST ON THE SABBATH IS A HUMAN NECESSITY
Ill jine th' union an' get me four a day. An' if I'm to be
arristed at all, f'r hivin's sake let it be f'r dhrunkenness.
"Do I think th' autymobill has come to stay? Sure.
I'll niver tell ye. I've seen all th' wurruld but me on
roller skates. I've see ivrybody ridin' a bicycle but me.
Tin years ago, whin ye'er son was holdin* on to ye'er
ar'rms as ye reeled up th' sthreet on a wheel, sayin* ye'er
prayers wan minyit an' th' revarse another, ye tol' m;
that th' bicycle had come to stay because it was nicisary
to get around quick. To-day ye blush as I mintion it.
Th' autymobill will stay till it gets cheap enough f'r
ivrybody to have wan. -Whin th' little eager messenger
boys is dashin' up th' sthreet in a eighty-horsepower
Demon Terror, th' rich will be flyin* kites or r-rennin'
baloon?. an' they'll be a parachute foorce iv polismen to
chase thim acrost th' skies. Be that time ivrybody will
habe learned to dodge th' autymobill. That's a good
plan f'r poor people, annyhow. Dodge th' exthravagances
iv th' r-rich. They're sure to bust a tire soon or late."
'T'think they ought to be locked up fr tearin' through
th' sthreets.'' said Hennessy.
"Well, maybe," said Mr. Dooley. "But don't ye think
a man that owns an autymobill is punished enough?"'
Some of
Mr. Dooley's
Impressions
Of the
Automobile.
1 rR. DOOLEY de
irJ. dares that the mil
lionaire zvith an automobile
. M . •-¦' : ¦!¦"¦¦ .
is consiantly steering be
tzceen the county jail and
the poorhouse. He, hiinsclj,
has not the least desire to
engage in the ii'ork of a
blacksmith, and he ivould
rather be arrested for drunk
enness than for exceeding
the limit. He advises
the poor to dodge the ex
travagances of the rich, for
"they're sure to bust a tire
soon or late." He tells .of
his friend Ho gait's watiy dif
f.culiies with one of the chug
zivgons and hove Hogan in
great disgust finally gave
orders to the "shuvcr'' to
take the machine back to the
asylum. It is Mr. Dooley' s
opinion thai the automobile
zuill stay until :t zeffl become
cheap enough for everybody
to haze one.
£f\ \T /ELL, sir," said Mr. Hennessy, "it mus' be
\\ I gran' to be rich an' go r-runnin' around th'
V > counthry in wan iv thim autymobills."
—V "It must that," said Mr. Dooley. "It's th'
gran' spoort entirely. Ncx' to a naygro agi
tator in Georgia, I don't suppose anny man gets as much
excitement out iv a short life as a millyonaire who owns
Ian automybill. Fr'm all I can lam about it fr'm th' pa/
apers, a millvonaire with an autymobill is constantly
- -
sreerin' between th' county jail an' th' poorhouse. If th'
polis don't land him in wan, th* autymobill will in th'
"Whin Algernon's father dies lavin' him th' money iv
th 1 widow an' th* orphan. Algernon brushes a tear fr'm
his ej-e an" hurries over to Paris to get an autymobill.
Father used to go downtown in a "bus figurin' interest
on his cuffs, but there is nawthin' f'r Algy but an eighty-^
horsepower red diwle that'll make th' demon haste
wagon iv his frind ncx' dure look like a mud scow. An'
he buys wan an' with it a Fr-rinch shover. He calls th'
shover Franswaw an' th' shover calls him 'Canal.' He
is a haughty fireman, this la-ad, f'r he is a discindant iv
Louis Flip an' th" blood iv kings coorsc in his veins. He
soon teaches Algernon his place, which is undher th* ?.u
tymobill fixin' up a bunted valve, an* afther that Alger
non niver speaks to Franswaw onless he is spoken to. an'
Franswaw niver speaks undher anny circumstances. Al
gernon turns over his property to him to buy tires an'
resigns himsilf to a life iv pleasure.
"He has it while th' autymobill is in th' masheen shop
havin* a few repairs put into it. But wan day all is
r-ready. Algernon asks Franswaw if he may go f'r a
spin, an' Franswaw motions him into th' seat iv honor be
side th' shover. Now they're off. Look at thim dash
through th' crowded sthreets, where th' happy chiidher iv
th' tinimints ar-re at play. 'How glad th ! chiidher ar-re
to see thim. Especially that little boy with th' goolden
locks. See. he has a- turnip in his hand. Look! Look!
He is goin' to give it to Algy. He gives it to him just
back iv th' ear. See those gentlemen comin' out iv a
saloon. How proud they ar-re to meet Algernon. Look,
they ar-re tearin* up th" sthreet?. They ar-re actually
goin' to give Algernon th' r-right iv way. He gets it in
th* small iv th' back. What ar-re those pretty little girls
doin'? They ar-re sthrewin* something in th' sthreet.
Ar-re they sthrewin' roses f'r Algernon? No. they ar-re
- sthrewin' tacks. What is that explosion undher th' car/
followed be a cry iv 'Git a hoss'? Algernon's tires have
reached th' tack>. Ar-re th'' little girls happy? They
ar-rc. indeed. They ar-rr laughin* an' throwin' ..coal into
Algy"? lap. Who is this who conies r-runnin' out iv a
>ak»on atin' a clove? It is an officer iv th' law. Why
does he seize Algernon be th* hair an' dhrag him fr'm th'
car? Algy is pinched. Hinnissy. Tb* officer has saved
him fr'm a pauper's grave.
"Now th' sign iv a Haughty aristocracy is dhragged be
fore th* court, which proticts th' liberties iv th' people an'
th* freedom iv speech iv th' magistrates. 'Haynious nion
s:her.' i-ays th" starn but just Judge, "yc have been
caught r-red-handed. What have ye to say f'r ye'ersi'.f?
Niver mind, it don't make anny diftrente. annyhow. Ye
cudden't tell th' thruth. I have no prejudice again" yc,
riptiic. I believe th' auiyrnobiH has come to stay — in th'
barn. But th' rights iv citizens mus' be pro-ticted. Why,
o;i*y las' week I was speedin' a two-thirty trotter whin
van i%' these injincs iv desthruction come along through
th' crowded thoroughfare an' frightened me out iv me
wits. I stood up on me hind legs; I dhropped th' reins;
I thried to jump over a fence. If it hadn't been f'r th'
ca'mness iv me wife an' th' horse I wud surely have r-run
away an' p'raps have injured somebody. I tell ye this
little anecdote to show ye, monsther, that I have no
prejudice. Swear th' witnesses.'
"John Coolin. dhruggist's assistant, tistyfied that he
had leftrhis baby carredge containin' wan fourteenth iv.
all he possessed on arth on th' sidewalk while he wint
into a saloon to buy a postage stamp. Whin he comes
out th' vehicle has rolled down to th'curb. He wud
swear that Algernon's autymobill was goin' eighty miles
an. hour. Th' court: 'How did ye time him?' Th' wit
ness: 'Through th' newspa^apers-.'
"August Schmidt, teamster, tistyfied, that while attimpt
in* to find a brick to throw at th' masheen — (The coort:
'Good f'r you.') — he slipped an' sprained his ankle.
"OrScer Doolittle tistyfied that he followed Algernon
f'r two miles on foot. He wud swear that >e was gbin'
between sixty an' wan hundherd an* two "miles an hour.
"How did ye time him?' asked th'^ coort. 'Be me sfop
i
watch.' 'Whin did it stop?' 'Last week.' 'Tnat's all I
want to hear,' says the learned coort. 'Algernon Rox,
this coort always timpers justice with mercy an' timpcrs
mercy with timper. I will not be hard on ye. It is
ye'er first ofnnse. I will merely sintincc ye^ to be
hanged. An' let this narrow escape be a warnin' to ye/
he says.
"Such, Hinnissy, is th' happy life an' early death iv th*
millyonaire with th' autymobill. Did I ivcr r-ride in wan?
Almost, v.anst. Wan day I heard a cry iv 'Kill him!' fol
lowed be a shower iv bricks, an' I knew some millyonaire
was out f'r a jaunt or spin or pinch in his autymobill.
Who shud th' millyonaire be but Hogan? He has a
frind who is a Fr-rench shover. Th* millyonaire an' his
companyon jus' got to me dure a yard in front iv th'
excited popylace. I v.int out an' *a'med th' peasanthry
with a few welj-chosen kicks, an' Hogan asked me to go
f'r a spin as far as Brighton Park. ."But jus' as I was about
to step into me proper place in s'ciety along with Jawn
W. Gates th' autymobill had a convulsyon. I heerd a
terrific fumblin' in its inteeryor; it groaned an' coughed
an' thried to jump up in th' air. 'Something is wr-rong
with ye'er ir'n horse,' says I. 'He's et something that
don't agree with him. Ye ought to take him to a vet.'
'Come along.' Says Hogan. 'No,' says I. 'I'll not r-ride
no autymobill with th' epfzootic. Ye ought to be took
up be th- s'ciety f'r th' previntion iv croolty to autymobills.
Get out" an' lead it back to th' barn,' says I. 'Ye're
crazy,' says he. 'It's all right,' says he. 'Alley,' says he/to
the shover. 'Alley be dam'd,' says th' shover. Th'
biler's leakin.' Him an' Hogan got down on th' sthreet
an' got out a plumber's, a blacksmith's an' a carpenters
outfit, put on overalls an' wint to'warruk. 'This is a fine
spoort,' says I. • 'It's ragal,' I says. 'How happy a black
smith's helper mus' be to get two dollars a day f'r bein'
an autymobillist.' 'Shut up.' says Hogan, fr'm undher th'
car. Whin he come out he looked as though he'd been
coalin' a liner. 'It's all ready now.' says he. But it wasn't.
Th' shover wint to th' front an\turned a crank. A few
bars iv Wagner followed an' thin th' autymobill resigned.
Th' shover said something in Fr-rinch be which I rec
ognized that he come fr'm th' same Arondissemint in La
Belle Roscommon as mesilf. an' turned again. Th' auty
mobill groaned an' thrembled. Hogan began to bounce
on his seat, th' shover lept into th' car, pulled five levers,
put on th' hard pedal an' thin th' soft, blew his horn an'
r-ran into an ice wagon. 'We're off.' yells Hogan. 'Ye
ar-re,' says I. 'an' so is ye'er back tire,' Fr wan iv th'
little earnest wurrukcrs among th' popylace had been
busy with a knife. At this minyit. a polisman come along.
'Ye're undher arrest.' says he. 'What f'r?' said Hogan.
'F'r e.xceedin' th' time limit. I timed ye at sixty miles
an hour fr'm Halsted sthreet.' he says. 'An',' says Ho
gan, 'I timed ye at two hours in Schwartzmeister's sa
loon,' he says. 'In th* manetime.' he says, 'go an' ketch
a thief,' he says. Thin he got down out iv th' autymo
bill. 'Sullivan.' he says to th' shover, 'take that insthru
mir.t iv torture back to th' asylum,' he says. 'I don't
want to be a millyonaire,' he says. 'With ye'er permis
sion, Martin. I'll go in. warsh me face an' raysume me
station as a poor but clane citizen,' he says.
£ "An' there ye ar-re. I don't want to pay tin thousan*
dollars to be or.popylar. I'd ratfier have th' smiles iv th'
poor as I walk amongst thim on me two shapely legs
thin rayceive th' brickbats iv th' same in a circus wagon
attached to a cook stove. -If I want to be a blacksmith
MR. DOOLEY ON THE AUTOMOBILE
where we can find information
upon It." Many of the libraries and
library authorities of the country are
rendering invaluable service to the
public by publishing at intervals lists
v.hich tell just where certain Informa
tion can be found. These are usually
In the form of book lists and bulletins
describing books of particular classes.
They are prepared for children of all
eges and for grown people. These lists
cover almost every known subject from
the illustrated pages of "Mother Goose"
to those which invite attention to new
editions of "Sophocles and Aristotle.'*
It is difficult to see how the reading
public can do without such aids. The
average general reader has little sur
plus time which he can spare for dis
covering those volumes he wants." And
v ~.th the enormous annual output of
twks. so rapidly Increasing each year,
even librarians find It impossible to
THAT quaint philosopher. Sam
uel Johnson, once remarked:
"Knowledge is of two kinds; we
kntTw a subiect or we know
The public library of Newark, N. J..
is doing a splendid work for the chil
dren and youth of that city. Among
tbelr recent Issues is a selected list of
1700 volumes for boys and girls. These
books have been c,hosen for their
perform their labors without constant
reference to many carefully prepared
bibliographies.
Of the numerous lists of books and
bulletins of publications which have
been published for popular use mention
may^be made of a number which will
be found particularly helpful. With the
exception of thoee whose price is stated
a single copy can probably be . had of
any of these lists by request and in
closure of a postage stamp.
The Nebraska Public Library Com
mlsion has just issued a unique list of
ninety books suitable for presents for
children. Most of them are for very
lUtle people under 10 years of age and
embrace picture and verse, illustrated
stories and narratives. Address Secre
tary Library Commission. Lincoln, Neb.
BOOKS FOR CHILDREN. .
¦ «
soundness and strength. The titles com
prehend sports, travels, tales of daring
and adventure, sea stories, nature
stories, legends, mythology, poems, his
tory, biography, fairy tales, natural
history— in fact everything that is dear
to the hearts of the young folks. Pub
lic Library, Newark, N. J., 10 cents.
Of older date, but of standard value,
is the little booklet, the "A. L. A., A*n
notated List of Books for Boys and
Girls." This embraces 300 titles of
books which are among the very best
for children and youth. It was edited
by ' Miss C. M. He wins, an acknowl
edged authority on juvenile literature
In library circles. Library'^ Bureau^ 156
Wabash avenue, Chicago, 10 cents.
Teachers in grammar schools will
find valuable assistance for themselves
and their scholars in , classroom libra
ries for public schools. . In this pamph
let of 124 pages are lists of nearly 30*0
books arranged by grade from. the first
to the ninth grade' and having also a
subject index. Public Library, Buf
falo. N. Y., 40 cents.
San Francisco's public library is per
forming a work of the highest value.
Its direct educational influence is pow
erful through its reading and reference
rooms and circulation or books from
the main library, and its six branches.
Beyond these regular functions the
monthly bulletins published by the li
brary are becoming valuable alike to
the city and the whole State. In addi
tion-to giving the titles or all new ac
cessions to the library almost every
number of the bulletin contains lists of
its volumes on different subjects. These
enable students of special topics to re
alize at a glance the library's resources.
Some of the subjects thus catalogued
are of vital importance to the material
Interests . of California. For Instance,
the March and- April, 1904, bulletins
treat of rural California industries.
Among those mentioned are agricul
ture, horticulture, - irrigation, grapes
and wine making, citrus fruits, olives,
sugar beets, fig culture, nuts, cereals,
vegetables, forestry, . forage plants,"
dairying and poultry. • - •
INTERESTING BIOGRAPHIES.
VLIstof 100 Entertaining Biographies"
la the title of a booklet issued by the
Carnegie Library of Pittsburg. This is
a record not wholly of .the great char
acters of the world'but also including
volumes of the life-stories of many
men and women of recent times, with
whom it is delightful to come into me
lation. It is ably annotated. The same
library has recently Issued £ list of
special value to chemists upon "Water
Softening." Reference is herein made
to more than 100 American, English,
French and German treatises on this
¦ubject. ; June, 1904. bulletin, Carnegie
Library, Pittsburg, Pa.
In a bulletin of the St. Louis Public
Library Is a list of sixty book's on birds.
It is valuable especially to lovers and
students of bird life. June. 1904, bulle
tin. Public Library, St Louis, Mo.
.A recent quarterly of the Kansas
City Public Library presents an array
of books on nature study for adults and
one of the same kind "or children.
Flowers, : shrubs, trees and forests, in
sects and birds, are dealt with in a
hundred books for the little folks.
April. 1904. quarterly. Public Library,
Kansas City, Mo.
¦ The Providence Public Library has at
tempted the difficult task* of catalog
ing the best literature of the world. In
To the manufacturing and commercial
interests of Chicago its benefits are al
ready beyond estimate. The latest of
this library's publications Is a cata
logue of its booka on industrial arts.
It was prepared at the request cf the
Industrial Art League of Chicago,
which is distributing copies among
those workers who will be mo3t bene
fited by such knowledge, already with
excellent results. This catalogue is a
book of 250 pages and covers nearly
1500 titles on works on bookbtodins.
sculpture, decorative arts, painting, en
graving and photography. * John Cve
rs.r Library, Chicago. 30 cents.
No high school is complete In its
working facilities without a good lib
rary. Especially if remote from a pub
lic library does a high school need a
collection of books suitable for its lines
of ettsCy, research and reference. The
State of Wisconsin has published a
catalogue of 500 pages devoted to those
books which are recommended for pur
chase by the high schools of that State.
The catalogue la well printed, thor
oughly annotated and is comprehen
sive In its scope. State Superintendent.
Madison, Wis,, free to high schools*
1301 a selection of 1000 .volumes of the
"literature of power" was placed in a
separate room and called the Standard
library. Lovers of the great authors
may find in this alphabetical catalogue
suggestive and inspiring aid.
It is a standing treat to examine the
monthly .bulletins of the Pasadena li
brary. In a typographical way it is the
most tasteful and attractive bulletin is
sued by any of the California libraries.
Recent accessions of books are anno
tated; timely .topical lists are publish
ed; notes . on current matters are in
serted and acknowledgment made of
frequent donations to the library. Pub
lic Library. Pasadena, CaL /
WORKS ON INDUSTRIAL ARTS.
The John Crerar Library of Chicago
has an Interesting history. Organized
in 1895 under a bequest from John
Crerar, now amounting to $4,000,000, its
trustees decided .that it should be con
stituted, strictly a reference library,
largely of practical and applied science.
No books are circulated. It now has
100,000 volumes, .many of them being
costly ones, and during tbe last year
has had a daily average of 244 visitors.
LIBRARY LISTS AND BULLETINS AIDS TO PUBLIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1904.
BY F. P. DUNNE
Copyright, 1904.. by McClitre, Phillips. & Co.
will Eoon learn to break the eighth."
WJJAT THE DAY MEANa.
We have the Sabbath then, a part
23TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The bamboo Is said to grow > some
times at the rat* of three feet a day.
Dr.Kirkland reckons that in ninety
days a toad will destroy . 9720 injurious
insects.: . . .. . . '—- >J_
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograrihlc Office. U; 8. N.. Mer-
I chants' Exchanee. Ean Francisco.' Cal.,
I September 3. 1904.
Tbe . Tlm« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
X •...at noon of tha 120th mtricUaa, «r at
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 3.—WHEAT—Un
changed. Bluest em, S3e; club. 7Se. • }
OREGON. V
PORTLANT*. Sept. 3.— WHEAT— Shipping:
Walla Walla, 79;: bluestem. 84c; valley. S3c. J
Northern Wteat Market.
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— Harry Chester
and W. Meinberg. who escaped from
the Federal- penitentiary on McNeill's
Island on Thursday, w*e captured to
day at Olympia. •
Escaped Convicts' Are Retaken.
Steamer. ' ' Destination. Sails.
JVfferson Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Farallon •• Skagway & Way Ports. ISept. »i
Farallon Skagway A Way Poru.jsept 6
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.! Sept. 8
Dlrlco Ska sway & Way Ports. |Sept. 9
B*rtha : Cooks Inlet ft Way PuiS«pt. 1»»
Tacoma Nome & N. E. Siberia. ISept. 12
CityTopcka. . Skagv-ay &,Way Ports. (Sept. 14
Santa Ana... Eeldovla & Way Ports. ISept. 18
HE ALDSBURG, Sept. j 3.— -Frank M.
Ames, proprietor, of the Union Hotel,
surrendered himself this afternoon to
answer a charge of assault . preferred
by Harry McGary, who was employed
by him as a bartender until a few
days ago. McGary, . it is said, aroused
the anger of 'Ames by talking about
Mrs. Ames in a disparaging -manner.
Assaults His Former Employe.
I/arge Demand for State Textbooks.
SACRAMENTO, Sepf 3.— Thomas
J. Kirk, Superintendent of Public In
struction, to-day announced that the
exact amount of money paid into the
State treasury for the sale of StaTe
textbooks during the month of Aug
ust was $55,967 72. In addition to this
about $4000 worth of books were or
dered which the State printing of
fice was not able to supply because of
the big demand. ' • ¦
Fishermen Enjoy a Profitable Season.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3. — A spe
cial to the Telegram from A.storia
says: During the flshingr season just
ended the gillnet fishermen at this
port have received more money than
ever before in the history of the in
dustry on the Columbia. The amount
paid them is estimated to be fully
$2,000,000. The gillnetters averaged
more than ten tons to the boat and
the price paid them averaged 5%
cents a pound during the entire sea
son. .
Steamer. Destination. Sail?. Pier.
-.4' Swpttinber 4.
Homer Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 10 am Plar 13
Newburjr... Grsj-s Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle Rlrer .... 6 pm Pier 20
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 0 pm Plar 27
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 10 am Pier 18
8. Rosa Ban Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt l:S0pPler 9
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia. . Astoria it Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Xewport & Way... 9 em Pier 11
September 5.
B.Barbara. Lo« Aureles Ports. 1 pm,Pler 2
E.Monica.. Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
laqaa Humboldt ......... S am Pier 2
September 6.
Cbebalis... Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 2
September 7.
Samoa Los Angrele* Ports. 10 am pt«r %
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier - 9
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Queen Pucet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
Arctic Humboldt 1 9 am Pier 2
Ean Pedro.. Humboldt |10 am Pier 2
September 8.
Breakwater Cooa Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8
Porno Pt. Arena it Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Etate of Cal Ean Dlero & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro A Way. 9 am Plar 11
Sierra Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Areo E«l River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Montara... J Eeattla Dtraet .... 2 pm Plar 11
Redondo. . . I Astoria & Portland 6 pm Plar 2
September 9.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 10.
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Acapulco.. N. T. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
September 12. \
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle * Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
September 14.
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
September 16.
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 20
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3.— At the" closing
session of the convention of the So
ciety for the Promotion of Engineer
ing to-day T. N. McNair, president of
Michigan College of Mines, Houghton,
Mich., was elected president; Profes
sor Elwood Mead, University of Cal
ifornia, first vice president, and Pro
fessor, M. S. Ketchman, University of
Colorado, secretary. •
Berkeley Professor Elected Fir^t Vice
President of Society for Promo
tion of Engineering.
CALIFORNIAN IS HONORED
I BY MEN IN THE EAST
Takes Small Carco.
The 6chooner Rosamond, which
The wreck and cargo of the /British
Fhip Saragoesa. previously reported
wrecked on Manguia Island, have been
6old in Auckland for $260.
Wreck and'Carxo Sold.
Tbe Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows: Plo
riier. 90 per cent; Hampton, 6 per cent;
Michelet. 15 per cent, and Almora, 10
per cent.
Ete&mer. I From. I Du«.
Cbas. Nelson. Ban Pedro Sept. 4
Tltanla Xanaimo Sept. 4
epokane Seattle Sept. 4
Arctic Humboldt Kept. 4
W. Kruger. . . j Humboldt Sept. 1
Redondo Portland & Astoria Sept. 5
S. Barbara. . . Grays Harbor Sept. S
ChehallB Ean Pedro jSept. 3
8. Monica.... Ean Pedro Sept. 5
Pomona Humboldt Sept. S
State of Cal.- San Diego & Way Pi a. Sept. S
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 6
G W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria...; Sept. 6
DelNorte.... Crescent City Sept. >
Mackinaw I Tacoma JSept. 9
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. 'Sept. 6
Mariposa Tahiti iSept. 6
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Sept. 6
Argo i Eel River Ports Sept. 7
Barracouta... New York via Ancon.. Sept. 7
Centennial ...', Seattle A Tacoma Sept. 7
Aurella Portland it Astoria Sept. 7
Corona ' Humboldt Sept. 8
CltyPnebla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 8
Santa Rosa., j San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 8
Point Arena . . Mendocino 4: Pt. Arena Sept. 8
Eureka Hur-boldt Sept. 8
Rainier 1 Seattle & Belllngham. Sept. 0
Abydos Hamburg & War Ports. ISept. 0
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 9
North Fork. . Humboldt Sept. 10
Neva. dan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Sept. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 11
Hathor Seattle ISept. 11
Texan New Yortt ISept. 11
Korea China £ Japan {Sept. 12
Alameda Honolulu ISept. 1.'!
Umatllla Pugrt Sound Ports Sept. 13
Pern New York via Ancon. . |Sept. IB
APwRIVED.
Saturday, September 8.
Ftmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 52 hours from
San Pedro.
ssimr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Ptmr Greanwood. "Walvig. 18 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, 88 hours from.
Redondo.
Strar South Bay, Jamleson, 20 hours from
Eureka,
Stmr M&ndalay. Smith, 27 hours fm Eureka.
Schr Newark, Relnertaen, 11 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Besste K. Stark, 11 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Manila. Rose. 11 days from Port
Gamble. Oakland direct.
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 8.
Stnar Edith, Hall. Portland; Progreso S
S Co.
Stmr Bonita. Preble, San Pedro and way
ports; Pac Coast S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka; Pao Coast
8 S Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Portland and Aa
tcria; Or R R & Kav Co.
Etmr Northland. Bontficld. Portland; B J
Dodgo & Co.
Bchr Rosamond, Dlnsmor*. Newcastle, NSW;
Williams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 8.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen, Eureka.
Etmr Coqullle River. Adler, San Pedro.
Br ship' Drumburton. Thomas, Seattle.
Fr bark Montebello, Marchandeau, Qu«ens
town.
Ft bark Francois, Bellini, Runcorn.
bchr Sequoia, Hutman, Grays Harbor.
• RETURNED.
Saturday September 8.
Bchr James A Oarfleld, Norby. from sea In
distress.
SPOKEN.
Aug 81— Lat £6 12 N, long 76 10 W, ship
Astral, from Honolulu for New York.
Aug 24— Lat 22 N. long 23 W. G«r ship
Herzogin Sophie Charlotte, from Lelth for
Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT — Arrived Sept 3 — Schr William
OlMn. henc* Aug 10.
SEATTLE— Sailed S«pt 2 — Stmr Moatara,
for San Francisco; stmr Alkl, for Skagway.
Arrived Sept 8 — Ger stmr Hathor, from Ta
eoraa.
Sailed Sept 8— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
¦ ASTORIA — Galled Sept 8 — Stmr Redondo. for
San Francisco.
FARALLOX ISLANDS— Passed Sept 8, 9:45
a ra — Br ship Marlborough Hill, from New
castl*. Eng. for San Francisco
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Sept
3 — Ship Astral, from Honolulu for Philadel
phia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 2-— Schr Annie B
Bmale. from Karatsu.
HILO— SaiUd Sept 2 — Ship Fort Geors*. for
Ban Francisco.
FORETON PORTS. * , v : : -\
CHERBOURG — Sailed Aug 27 — Fr ship La
Perouae. for San Diego.
. NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 2»— Fr bark
Brenn, for San Francisco. *,-.--r
Sailed Sept 2 — Fr bark Marguerite Dollfus,
for San Francisco.
PI6AGUA— Sailed July 23— Br ship Comber
mere, for Hampton Roads.
VALPARAISO— SalUd Aug 81— Ger •tmr
Ammen. for San Francisco via way ports.
SHANGHAI — Arrtred prior to Sept S^-Schr
Willis A Holden. from Port Townsend.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr China,
hence Aug 6.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Barba
rofsa, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Ara
bic, from New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Bradv was a cooper and owned two
prosperbus shops here, which he con
tinued to operate from a distance. He
was only 29 years of age, but had fig
ured in the police annals since boy
hood. Despite his many encounters
he never was sentenced to prison.
NEW YORK, Sept 3. — John Brady,
who, under the sobriquet of "Yakey
Yake," was for some years notorious
as the leader of the Cherry Hill gang
—a band of toughs on the East Side
constantly engaged in battling with
the police — is - dead in Jersey City.
Active prosecution drove him' to New
Jersey some time ago. •
Notorious "Yakey Yake," Formerly
Leader of Tough Gang, Dlea
in Jersey City.
DEATH RELIEVES . POLICE
OF SOURCE OF TROUBLE
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Th* British ship Gunford. which ar
rived here in August 1303, and the
Chelmsfcrd, which has been idle in this
port since July, 1903, have been char
tered by G. W. McNear to carry mer
chandise to England.
Two New Charters.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Sept 8. — A flre
in the heart of the wholesale district
to-day destroyed property approxi
mating In value $800,000. The fire
originated in the Ollver-Finne Gro
cery Company, from- an unknown
cause, completely destroying the stock
and building of that firm.
The building on the north of the
Oliver-Finne company occupied by
John Denies Sons, and stored with
lime, was partially crushed by falling
walls. The Memphis Paper Com
pany's building* suffered a like
fate and was partially burned. The
building of W. C. Early & Co.. whole
sale commission merchants, was par
tially burned. The rear of the build-
Ing of J. T. Ferguson & Co. was
burned, entailing a heavy loss.
Frank Guffenbaugh, a fireman, was
seriously injured by falling from a
ladder. Six other firemen wqre over
come by heat and smoke and were re
moved to hospitals, where it is stated
all will recover.
FLAMES CAUSE A LOSS
OF $800,000 IN MEMPHIS
Unit-d States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point.' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur a\
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 21
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 4.
Sun rises 6:41
Sun seta 6:38
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
C !Tlme| |Tlme| |Tlmel fTlme
£ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
P |L W| |H W| [L W H W
4 0:221 0.617:221 3.3 12:10 2.7 ~6:15 B.3
5 >:22 0.2 8:24 4.1 1:18 2.7 7:20 5.4
6 2:16 0.0 9:14 4.6 2:17 2.5 8:22 6.5
7 13:04—0.2 0:57 4.9 3:12 2.2 9:22 6.7
8 | 3:50!— 0.3 10:37 5.2 4:00 1.7 10:19 6.7
9 ! 4:36!— 0.1|ll:15| 5*1 4:50 1.3 11:12 6.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The new steamer Northland, Captain
Bonifield, cleared yesterday for Port
land. She sailed late last night. Dur
ing the afternoon she was given a trial
spin around the bay. In coming into
the slip between Folsom and Howard
street wharves she was caught in the
strong tide and narrowly escaped colli
sion with the State dredger. The North
land is owned by the E. J. Dodge Com
pany and is one of the handsomest ves
eels of her class.
Nearly Has Collision.
The steamer Cmatlllm. sailed Friday for Vic
toria tilth u assorted merchandise cargo con
signed to varlou» British Columbian ports,
valued at $11,225 and including the following:
13S5 pkys rr*sh fruits, 93 pkgs fresh vege
tables, 32.375 lbs dried fruits, 50 crts onions,
60 Jackets syrup, 19 pkge table preparations, 1441S
lbs coffee. 311 c« assorted canned goods, 46 pkgs
paste, :.5 gals 11 ca wine. £200 lbs beane. 25 cs
salad oil. 206 lba hops, 00,650 lbs malt. 572 lbs
chocolate. 613 lbs cheese. 2370 lbs meals. 24
pes steel and Iron. 18 pkgs paper. 9721 lbs
manufactured lead. 6 bbfs lubricating oil. 250
jute bags, 60,830 lbe asphaltum, 25 cs arms
and ammunition, 5 rolls leather, 65 bdls roof-
Ing. The steamer also carried 673 crts potatoes
and 23 pkgs groceries and provision*, valued
at S1665. en route to Dawsoa. and 45.000 lbs
dried fruit, valued a.t |2OO4. for Winnipeg,
Manitoba.
Exports for the North.
The echocner Rosamond, which sailed yes
terday tor Newcastle. Australia, In ballast,
took out on: small shipment of merchandise,
conflicting of SO drums of distillate, valued *:
?228.
Matters of Interest to and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The brigantine Geneva, Captain
Chase, which arrived Friday, nine days
from Port Blakeley, is one of the few
remaining vessels on this coast of a
once popular rip. She was built in 1892
at Benicia by Matthew Turner, and is
one of the trimmest of the smaller ves
eels engaged in the coast trade. The
Geneva brought from Port Blakeley
600.000 feet of lumber.
Only a Few Left.
Judge Rogers' opinion will be the
first ever handed down on the subject.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3. — In his decision
rendered in the case of Leo Won
Tong, the Chinese against whom a de
portation case has been pending for
several weeks in the United States
court, | holding that he could legally
remain in this country. Judge John H.
Rogers of the United States District
Court gave the first legal opinion on
the status of a Chinese who changes
his occupation while in this country.
The Chinese exclusion act grants
merchants the privilege of coming
into the United States. It excludes
laborers. Leo Won Tong entered the
country as a merchant, holding that
occupation for several years. Four
years ago he became a laborer and the
customs department sought to deport
him, holding that as a laborer he had
no right to enter this country and
therefore'Tiad no right to remain. Tha
Chinese contended that he came into
the country legally and once here the
Government had not the right to send
him back to China.
Court Holds Chinese Hare Right to
Return Here After Once Making
Legal Entry Into Country/
DECIDE NOVEL POINT
IN DEPORTATION CASE
cleared yesterday for Newcastle, Aus
tralia, is taking a very small cargo.
She will load coal in the Antipodes for
Honolulu.
BR1GAVTINE GENEVA. WHICH ARRIVED FRIDAY FROM PORT BLAKELET WITH 600.000 F^EET OF LUMBER. ONE
OK THE TRIMMEST CRAFT ENGAGED IN THE COAST TRADE. SHE BELONGS TO A CLASS OF SAILING VES
SELS WHICH IS RAPIDLY PASSING AWAY.
8 p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNKTT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
TRENTON, N. J., Sept. 3.— The North
ern Securities Company to-day filed in
the United States Circuit Court Its for
mal answer in the suit instituted by
Edward H. ' Harriman, Winslow S.
Pierce, the Oregon Short Line Company
and the Equitable Trust Company of
New York to restrain the Northern Se
curities Company from carrying out Its
proposed plan of distribution of its as
sets. This is the first formal answer
filed by the 'Northern Securities Com
pany, either to the original bill of com
pjaint of Harriman and Pierce or to the
first and second amendments thereto.
The preliminary injunction granted by
Judge Bradford restraining the North
ern Securities Company from disposing
of certain shares of the Northern Pa
cific Company was granted upon mo
tion and argument in open court and
without the filing of any formal answer
to the original bill. The filing of the
answer would seem to indicate that the
case is to go before Judge Bradford for
a final hearing, notwithstanding the
fact that an appeal has been taken in
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals from Judge Bradford's opinion in
granting a preliminary injunction.
The answer filed to-day is largely a
formal presentation of points that were
made before Judge Bradford on the ar
gument on motion for a preliminary
Injunction.
The answer admits that on November
18, 1901, Harriman and Pierce owned
preferred stock to the value of $41,085,
000 and common stock to the value of
$37,023,000, but avers that on the same
date Harriman and Pierce transferred
this stock to the Northern Securities
Company, receiving therefor $3,915,625 in
cash and ' $82,491,871, in stock of the
Northern Securities Company. It Is fur
ther averred that this transfer was ab
solute and unconditional and that there
never had been any understanding or
agreement, expressed or implied, as to
how long such preferred or common
stock should be retained or managed
by the Northern Securities Company.
It is also stated that under a resolution
by the board of directors of the North
ern Pacific Company the preferred
stock of that (Company was retired on
November 13, 1901, and that since Janu
ary 1, 1902, such preferred stock of the
Northern Pacific Company has ceased
to exist. It Is denied that the decision
of the Suprema Court of the United
States was to the effect that the stock
of the Northern Pacific Company ac
quired by the Northern Securities Com
pany Is held by the latter as trustee.
It is averred that all stock of the
Northern Securities Company has been
acquired for a valuable consideration
in the belief that it presented a propor
tion of the defendants' assets, and this
is set up as one of the reasons for the
proposed plan of distribution.
Document Presents Points
That Were Made in the Ar
giuuent for an Injunction
Launch owners along the water front
ere prepared to carry a large number
of visitors to-day to the vessels of the
squadron. The warships include the
late Admiral Sampson's former flag
ship, the New York, now the flagship
of this station; the Boston, Marblehead j
end Btnnington. Launches will run j
from Clay, Mission and Folsom streets j
wharves to all the navy vessels. The .
steamer K- J. Corcoran will make a '
special seventy-mile excursion run up j
the Sacramento and San Joaquin riv- j
ers, calling at the Mare Island Navy
Yard, and at all the ferries prepara
tions have been made for handling ex
tra large crowds. j
Sunday Outins Trips.
All hands decided to stay by the Gar
field. At Captain Norby's lequest the
life-savers notified the Spreckels Tow
boat Company, and ai 7 o'clock the tug
Defiance had a hawser fast to the
stranded three -master. Within fifteen
minutes the Garfield was in deep water.
She is now on the Sixteenth-street dry
dock being repaired. '¦
The GarfielJ, v.ith Captain Xorby and
a crew of •even men. left here at 4:30
p. m. on Friday for .Everett, in ballast.
Outside" the heads there was no wind
and a thick fog. The schooner drifted
to the southward. A sounding taken at
4 a. m. showed only eleven fathoms of
water, and both anchors were let gro.
So swiftly -.vac the schooner drifting
that both anchor chains parted, and at
4:30 o'clock the Garfield bumped the
beach in the breakers, stern on. The
rudder was smashed, the keel damaged
and seas swept over the hull.
Captain Xorby signaled for help,
using flare lights, and at 6 a. m. the
life-saving crew from the Golden Gate
station had a boat alongside the
schooner.
The. ilircc-rnasted schooner James A.
Garfteld, Captain Norby, went ashore
tally yesterday morning about five
miles south cf the Cliff House. The
\essel, which was pretty badly dam
aged, was saved from total destruction
by the fc'Dreckels tug Defiance, which
towed her to the Sixteenth-street dry*
dock. No lives wxre lost, but the mis
hap save the Golden Gate life-saving
crew a chance to show that they were
auor.ding strictly to business.
APPEAEANCE IS F0KMAL
Northern Securities Com
pany Keplies to the Action
to Prevent a Distribution
Is Saved From Total
Destruction by
Defiance.
ANSWERS SUIT
OF HARRIMAN
LARGE SCHOONER JAMES A. GARFIELD
DRIFTS ASHORE BELOW CLIFF HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 190*.
24
OCEAN TRATOL.
J>^ Steamers leave Broadway
/_v*^<Q>v wharves (piers 9 and 11),
/Vj____ an Francisco:
/4/%S>~«_ \-A\ For Ketchikan, Wrargel,
I I VSJ'T?!n, I 1 Jun^au, Halnw. PkaRway.
\ \ \ffiMirA / / et c. Alaska — 11 a. m., Sept.
V_V \l*>_*/ 2> "• 12> 17> 27 ' October 2.
\4JS N JJ^vXi'/ Change to this company's
V^'liwv' sti'«mer» at Seattle.
¦ <^ For • Vict/jria, Vancouver,
Port Town-end, Seattle. Tacoroa. Everett. Bel-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22, 27.
October 2. Change at Seattle to this company'*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P.. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13. 19, 25, October 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m., Sept. 4. 10. 16, 22. 28. October 4.
For Lee Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redocdo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. — i.
For Los -Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San.
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m., Sept. 4. 12, 20. CS. October 6.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. S, 16, 24/ October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazutlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 . m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing date«.
TICKET O~FZCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st., and Broad-
way wharves.' rreijTht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUKAXN, Genera! Passenger Agent,
10 Market «<t., San Francisco.
N The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check bacgaKe from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
"! - OlteClUMiolAKIT-
g S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday Sept. 8 2 p. m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 17. 11 a.m.
I D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., -'Azts.,TiCket OfflCS 643 Mir-
¦6L ¦¦FKlg-t 0S» 329 aari[8t SI " Piei 7 ' nz^' ' il
C0MPAGNI3 G_S2Bil.3 TRASilTriiMriJ H
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J-*-,.
Eailing every Thursday Instead of -SKJlUZV
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, "'^^n-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seoond
rla« to Havre, $45 and upward. . GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York" J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San ¦ J ranciso.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket- Agents.
To U. S. 1 _ta-y Taxd and Vallejo.
' Stmr H J^ Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st. north end ferry , bldg.— Week days,
ft-3O AM 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
¦A M - 8 P. : -M/- Leaves Vallejo— Week daya.
6-50 A., M.. 12:20 and 6:30 P. M.; Sundaya. 5
p M Fare. 25c each ' -ay.' Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
Me round trtp. PIPER. ADEN. - QOOOAU
CO." Phone : Main 64L 'Saturday except* d.
To ' U. S.' BTaTy Tard and Vallejo.
StmrsV General Frlsble. Monticello and Arrow.
0-45 a. m.. 12:30.' 3:15. «, 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays ¦ 9:45 a. m.V 8:30 p. in. Leave Valiejo
7 9 a, ra.. 12 :30;. 3 :15. 6 p. m. ! (ex. Sun.) ; Sun-
days 7a.m. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2, foot Mia-
•Ion atreet; phone Main 1508. BATCH BROU
RAILWAY TRAVELw
Ijf CALIFORNIA 8
m LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS E
B!»t 9=3O a. m., throu_a la K daya.H
nwltb diner and all trapping*. n
Other Saata Te Trains i
B-ao t. S* V tor Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:0O p! m. J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. ml for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TXOXXT omOES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 87 SontA Pliat at-
Ban Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
SAZXiWAT COKPA37T.
Tibnron rerry. 7oot of 3fl_x_et Strert
SAW PSANCXSCO TO SABT SATABX.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00 8:00. 11:00 a. > nu;
12:33. 2:30, 3:40. 0:10. 5:50. 0:30 and 11:3S
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ta.
BUXDATS— 7:30. 8:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m.: 1:1».
2:30 3:40. 6:10. 6:30 11:30 o. ta.
EAN' SATaXL TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK I>AYS— «»:05. «:60. 7:33. 7:50. »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40. 6;00. 5:2^
9:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:60. 7:33. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.: 1:4*.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00 6:20. 6:23. 7:30 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. _______________
Leave I In Effect I Ar _I #
Ean Fran. I May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- J Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. I Uon. | daya. | Daya.
7-30 a 7:43 a 7:4»a
sis: siss: *~*~ i|ig*»|;
MS 5 MS. V&l ?«S
i :2a p
8:43 p
; .m. 7-TOa . 7:43 a 7:45 a
*:«>: SIM* NoTato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma $ : S2 P ?„ p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
710a 7 -30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:'S: Iml Fultoa. 7:25p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7.33 p
" • Windsor.
T-80a 7:30 a Healdsburjc 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. ¦
2-30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. |7:23p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. I
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland ]10:20 a|10:20 a
2;30p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. 1 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and |10:2O a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p{ Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8-OOa 800a " I 8:40 a 8:40 a
6 : 10p 9 : 30a Sonoma. |6:00p 6:20p
9 v 5:10 p Glen Ellen. |8:45p
7-8Oa! 7-30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:80 p| 2:30 Pi Sebastopol. 1 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
£uli-hur Springs and Mark West Spring: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
LTtton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skarss
fiDrlnes- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
Ziul and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
KDrlnes Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlngsf Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
! ttrlncs- at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Knr Em Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Brrinfs' Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
Jchn Day* a. Riverside. Llerley-s. Buckneira.
Eannedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
lorlnKS Halfway House. Comptcbe. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
\v#»tDort VaSi at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
WeatDort. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
viiip Cummins. Bell's. Springs. Harris. Olsens.
| Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia aad
El e r aturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronlcl*
""jAS^L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
tt^BI To SAN RAFAEL.
|_Ss^£Sl R0SS VALLEY '
l^^^^gj CAZADERO, Etc.
!j_5®i_Sj£p!^*bt?^EI: Via Sansalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. lu.Oo, ll:uo a. m.
ill 40 a m. Sausallto only). 12:^0. 1:45. 3:15.
4 00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50/«:25. 7:15. 0:00. 10:20.
11 -35 P. m. Sundays and UTgal holidays depart
at' 7 -10. 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
. m 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35,
6:15. "6:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:33
p ra.
- Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17,
7-00 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
1205. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 6:05. 5:40. 6:15,
6-55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43. 2:05.
8:60 P. m. •
For Fairfax, weekdays/depart at 7:45a. m..
3-15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45
P m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7*45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. tt t. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc. - , - _ „
8-15 p m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc.
JTICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
¦ FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAIL WAT TRATELw ¦ - ", i
>^~>f**\. Train* leave asd are *ae
t» arrlTe at
jJ^^^WJaAW FRANCISCO.
i£^*=*9£\J ~xbet Dare!
fToot of Market Street)
jjat, - MAIN LINE. -AamrTT
7-fifl* Vaearnie. Wl»t<-«. ltam»eT~...- 7 6Gi»
JJOOa Beotela, Blntraasd Baeramcat*^ 7-20-
7 JO* VM^jo. Nftpm. Calliaagn. Saata
Koaa. MarCaes. Saa Kamon.. fc£0*<
XJOa SU-i. Tracy. Latarop, Stock-*. ... J.2&*
UOASkacta Bx-reaa— (Tla BavUk,
Will! ibs i (for BarUttt SprlafsV
Waiowa. trruw, Ited UlaS.
Portlaad. Tmoom*. Seattle 7.38»
f 40a DaTji. Woo41aod. Ka!x>U L»i«Jtn*.
UarytTille. Chtco. OrorBle 7.BQ9
•40a rert Costa. Martinez. AottoeA.
Byrea. Traor. Stooxto*. Kew-
¦ n. horn Banoa. Meadota,
ArnMDa. naaford. YUall*.
rorterrllle 4Jt9*
t-80* fort Costa, Modeito. Mereed,
Tresao. Oosbea Jaa«tloa, an— •
ford, TlsaMa. Rakertfleid 4.59*
UOa Nllea, Saa Jo»*, Llrermore. 9t»c'<-
toD.(tMnton). Icbc aacraueab^
Maryrrllle. Cbtco. :it<l Blnff .... 4.23»
¦JOAOakdala. Chtneae. JniBrestwa. So
nor*. T»ol«Biin> ami Angela 4-20*
• OCa AUaotlcBxpreaa— Ocdeaaad Eaiu S 2flP
t-30A Rich— ocd, MarUaes aad Way
Stations ft-oflp
104XSATlie OrerUad LlmUed — Ociea.
Omsk a. C tie via. Deafer, Kunias
City. St Leal*. S .28-
JOJJOa T»lle>»_ 12.2fl»
w4)0a L« Antrelea PaaaeBger — Port
Ooata. U— rtlaet, Byroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton, llcrcei.
Baymosd. Preano. Qethen Jaao-
Oon. Baa<ord. he moors, Vlsalla.
BakertfleUs Los Angeles 7-2O»
taU»M BayWard. Jinee aad Way BUUou. 5.2C*
tiiKPSMramentoKI-fer Etearnem M1.00f»
iiOP Bsnlcl*. Wlators, 6*cr»ra<rnto.
Woodlaad. Willows. Kairnta
Landlag. MarysTBJe, OrerUle
aad way rtatlaa* 10SO*
I JS3*» Bay-vd. Nile* aad War 6tetloaa.. I <M*
« C0p Uart2aez.Saa IUm9n.VaUeJo.Napa, „
Caiistoca, Saata Uoaa. •20a
4.0PP Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4 20»»
4 3CP£j»T»»r*. Miles. IrrtBCtoa. Bta J tS 5Ca
Jcee. UTermore > til. 50a
S-OOpTbe Owl .LliiiUed— Niwati, Lea
Baaos. Mrndoia. Tresa*. Talmra.
BakersOeld.LoaAngelea. M a-60»
18 S0p Hay— %rd. Nll«« aud uan Jot o ..... 7-20*
v S.CQp Bayward. Hlles aad Saa Jon....... 9 60a
•40p Eaiteza Ezpreia— UKdoa. Osaate,
C1>tea«a. Peaver. Kaasas City,
St. L«i!>. Tla Martlner. SMcktoa,
Sacrameato. Colfai. Reio...... 12J>0*
IJOp VaUeJo. sally, except donday.... I 7 Ka _
7-00- VaSeJo,8aoday only f 75 °*
7JtO*> Richmond. s«n Pablo. Part Coeta,
MarUnes aad Way atntloas 11.20a
TXflP Beao Passenger — Port Conta, 9vt-
¦an. Elattra. Darls. Saoraipeata.
Trockee, Lake Taboe. Keso,
Tonopah. Bpark* 7-£Qta
¦ CSp Port Cosu. Martta-ex. Byroo.
Tracy, Lat h r tn>. Uoltito.
Merced, Berenda. rreat io aad
Way BUUoas beyoad Port Ck_t* 12.28*
8 03p Toiemlte Valley. Tla bcrcada aad
Wawoaa —..-.„ S-SOa
• J55> liartlaex. Tracy. Btoektoa IO^Sa
SX6p Oregon * California Xxareta— 0ae-
ramento. MarysTltle. B*<i4lBfc
PorUand. Paget Boaad aad tMt. 8-M»
I.10P Cay ward. Nllei aa4 Saa Jot (Ssa-
dayoaly) .. 11Jft»
COAST LI N E <*a»rww «aaca).
(Toot ot Martot atroecj
'7A6a Saata Cms Kxcar»loB»<8oad*y««Ir) t.18a>
»-16a Newark. Cea«emil«. 8* a Jm,
T elloa, B«-M«r Creek. B1 g Baata,
Santa Crat aa4 Way SmUvm... 11»
«-15a Alrarade. If ewark. Baa J«ie, Lm
Oa joh.GVo »<mh1. 7 eitea, B«aM«r
Creek, BJjc'BmId. Saata Cr-a.... MQa>
tt.1i> Kewark. CeoterrQta, S-i Jo*a,
New AlmadecuLM Saux.FelUa,
BoaMer Creek. Sasta Craa aad
PrUMpal Way BUUui __. W4ta
d.1Ba> Hewarr, Saa Joee, Los Gataa..-. M-t&A
4.16 c Wrlcbt. BovMer Creek aad Sasta
Crat. datardar aod 8»»<lay o-l/. MUS&a
COAST LINE innmi -aa^eC
fW (Third aad jimvmaU Stteeta.)
B.1QA San Joae aad Way Atatloa*. U0«>
17 00a Baa Jom aad Way StaMoaa. IAO»
7.15a Moaterey aad Santa Craa K za— r>
•loa (Sunday only) Tft TBr
100a Sew Almadea Frid.. mmiy\ 4-13*
eOAThe Coaster— Saa Jeae, Baltaaa,
Baa Ante, Paae Beblea, Baata
Marsartu. Baa Lala 0a>Upix8aa«a
Barbara. Saa Baeaavcntora,
Wtn—jTO, Oxaard, Bertaak, Los
Aaceles. W-Ww
tJQA OUroy. HotMseer. CastrvrlOe, Dal
Moate, Pacific Cror«, Sarf, Lom-
poe „ VXJOm
•.00a Baa Traa Plaea, Wata-tTtHe,
Capitol a. Saato Cru, PaetAe
Grore. SaJlaaa. Saa Laia Obtsae
aad Prlaerpal W«y StaUoaa. .„ 4-19a<
|« J0a Sea Jose aad Way StatU-a. l£A»
1130AB»aU Clara. Saa J«e.L«C«tt4
aad Way Statloa* ...._ 7.39m
1-JCp San Jose and Way *atlv»m ...... • 54a
tS-COpDel Monte Express (except Pow-
dity) — Saata Clara, Eao Jaae,
WatAonrtlle. Saata Crux. Del
Moat*. Monterey. Pactfte Grore. fl2.1l*>
8 -IOp Burlrag»me. Saa Jwe, Ollroy. Ho*.
» ¦ '. • . • i;«ter. Tre» Plaoa.PaJare.Watiioa-
TSle. Capttola. Sanu Crax. Ca*-
tro*IUe,8a]}T>aa.Pac>B«e r e-e. >( tO-45*
• 4 J0p Pan Jonr, aad Way CU:twia ftJJDA
t8 OOP Santa Clara. 3aa Jeae, Lea Satoa,
Wrtgbt mod principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) fS.CO*
|530p SeaJoMaoilPrraelpalWaySUUon 3840a
b 45p euDKt-t Express. — Uedwood. Saa
Jose.OHrvy.SannKa.Paso Roftlea,
baa Lull Obtspo. Santa Barhara,
Loa Angeles, Iteming. Kl Pato.
New Ortvaaa. New Tork 710a
6.45 p PaJaro, WateooTllle, Capitol a. I ' ¦**
. Sant* Crux. CaatrorQle. Deli-JJO-M*
Monte. Pacroe GroTe \ M0^6>
tB-1SP fan U*tro.Bare»forJ,r.elmcnt,9aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto ..„„ t&43a
6 30p San Jose and Way 3t-v.v>n g 3Sa
S.OCp Palo Alto aad War Stations 10 15a
11 .iQp aoatta Saa Frtnclsco. M tllbrae. Bar-
llsiraiae. San Matro, Belmoat.
8an Carloe. Redwool, Fair Oaks
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 4S»
sIISOp Xlarseld. Mountain View. Sasny-
Tale. Lawrence, Saata Clara and
aa Jo»e : r3 45 »
A for Morninc P for After Doon. ~ m
tSenJay exeepted. t Avatfajr oair
u Batarday only. • lloadaj cmls.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU *4i*U;ta Itrrj ArrlTe
Ban Fraudaco tM »t Jaarkat St. San Franeteco
Wee- Smn- &au- Week
Daya. dayt, jfm$%K _«*r»_ _Dayt-
rTTTTH 8:30a f*!^«!ii!|?« 12;45r» 3:43~i
10:00a V«i^a_^* 2:05? Mi 03 *
10:00a 11:00a >_Tj|j£« 3:35 p 3:35 f
1:45 r 12:20 r 7 0:40 r 6:15 t
• :1ir] 1:45 r 6:13 p 10-01 »
I 4:3Sr y(f &80 r .......
¦TI» CratttT Car. * Taaulaih U I in failetl
Ticxrr 4625 Marxxt St. (North l»horo Railroad!
Omen land jjacsalito Fkkjct. foot Market Sa^
THE WEEKLY" CALL
$1 per v«3arw
I __-f*^a M Never Guess,
_! nn^J^- Z^^&^f^ Kxperlmert or take chances or any sort. I at-
M wJZrfih R> tempt to cure only those diseases that I have
B lSt^> 1L ' VI b «* n curinsr for the past sixteen years, and i
U V\'fi % iV*fe;V Jil • believe th.it I am justified in say ins that I hay*
1 '^2l&/ learned all about them. Were I lacking n
! U ~^fi$^>+ knowl?.l K - pertainlns to my specialty I would
i K V®f,yP8«; never have attained my present success, nor
M W<feSc^s3| *ould I to-day be recosnUed as tlie >;»';'"
M V specialist trpatins men's diseases. If afflicted
tl N. ™Wi$n;Affi > ou ca » depend upon it that th* service I offer
SI / S^SiQS' you is the service you need, and la service sucn
§1 / • I j\. as can be rendered by no other physician.
I A^LJ\\ And I Will Wait for My Fee
1 lS/ Until You Are Well
I O. C. JOSLEIT. M. D- A/I C\T iT-lVFl \/
i The Leading Specialist. J ITllIil^l Vfl^l 1-rf I
B THE SCIENTIFIC TREATMENT PAINLESS CURE OT VARICO-
| Dosing the system with powerful tl £ S™?^^*^ veSle™!.
II stimulants and tonics In an effort to violence. I cure varlcocel- without
I restore functional vigor can have but surgery and without the use of caustic
pi . ., A , , My cures are positive and permanent
H one final result: the condition Is ren- in every Instance, and are effected la
H dered worse than before. "Weakness" a few days' time. ' No pain, no hospital
K Is merely an Indication of a low form expense and seldom Is it "•c"'* 1^
fi ...... . . -t » that the patient be detained from Wi
H of inflammation In the prostate gland. business.
H and this inflammation Is but as-gra- OONTBACTEO DISOBDE»S
H vated by stimulating remedies that ex- QTJICXItT CTJUEO.
ju cite temporary activity. I employ the Under my original system of treat-
M only scientific and fully effective treat- ««ent these troublesome *»=««»¦ "•
H . . , ¦..__.»¦_— -_i' _i thoroughly cured in about half th*
D ment for weakness, which effects a UiUBl llm , squired. Thl» Is Important
H permanent cure by restoring the pros- because It removes th« danger ot
0 tate gland to a sound and healthy chronic Inflammation bein»«stabn»h»d
fi A " ... . , „ ,. In the prcstate gland. Do not taka
Sj state. I obtain complete results In chances— my method is the safes* and
y every case I treat. surest treatment known.
B Consult me free of charge, either In person at my office or by mall. My
H pamphlet, "Live All Tour Tears a Man," will cheerfully be mailed free.
1 DR. O, C JOSLEN
_j Corner Market and Kearny its. Private entrance, 703 Market at. Hours:
E2 Week days — 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. ra., and 6:30 p. m. to 9 p. in. Sunday* —
H 10 to 1 only.
___^m-ERTlSOIEXTS.
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist
ETE.ICTI.T KEI.IABI.E.
score Than 17 Tears' Success.
Cossnltatlon Tree at Office or by
Kail.
I make no mlsleadlnr statements or
deceptive propositions to the afflicted.
Neither do I promise to cure them IN A
FEW DAT." In order to eecure the-lr pat-
ronage, but I guarantee COMPLETE
SAFE AND LASTING CURE la the
QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME, without
leaving Injurious after effects la the sys-
tem, and at the lowett co«t poesibU for
HONEST. FKILLFUL AND SUCCESS-
FUL TREATMENT.
I CURE all cases of "WEAKNESS."
STRICTURE. VARICOCELE. SPECIFIC
BLOOD POISON NERVOUSNESS. CON-
TRACTED DISORDERS. KIDNEY and
BLADr-ER TROUHL.ES and reflex com-
plications and associate diseases and
W€akne*s«s of men.
1 HAVE CURED MORE MEN THAN
any other phy«lclan on the coast. My
treatments are mere rational, more modem
and more effective than any other phy-
sician practicing in tbe West. My treat-
ment gives vim. vigor, vitality, strength
and ambition to weak and despondent men.
ycung or C4. married or tingle, re— trdless
cf the cause of their trouble.
c — o
FEES 2EAS0HAE&Z — Z do not
wast say maa to feel that he Is
-_able to pay ne, as I elways ar-
ran-e my terms in nayxnents to
suit their convenience, and donbt-
1 in* PATIENTS MAT TREAT XTN-
iTIXi CUXED BEFORE PAYING.
—-——-—-—---— O
If you cannot call, write for ques-
tion list and free book, describing my
«pecialty. Correspondence confidential.
C. K. HQLSMAN, M. D.
729 MAEEET ST. fTcp Floor.)
Hours— 9 to S dally; 9 to 12 Sunday*.General Merchandise.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— The sugar rate
¦war finally has ended. .The Chicago-
Missouri River , roads gave up ,. the
fight a week ago and restored the 37
cent tariff to the Missouri River. The
New Orleans lines, however, continued
to make j£ 20 cent rate from New Or
leans » to the . Missouri and of 25 cents
to Kansas Jobbing points.'
: Notice has . just been given that on
September 6 the Nfvr Orleans: lines
will restore the sugar rate from New
Orleans ;to ' the ; Missouri ? River to 32
cents, aiid "to Kansas jobbing poins
to - 4 7 < cents. ".^SBfsfBBstfSMftlBSBHI
Rate War Between Chicazo-Missouri
River Roads and New Orleans
lines Is Ended.
OLD SUGAR TARIFF £§&§
. SOON TO BE RESTORED
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3— CATTLE— Receipts.
3000; good to prime steers, $5 40®6 10: poor
to medium. $3 60@5 05; stockrrs and -feeders.
J2@3 Co; cows, 51 25©4 10: heifers, ' $1 50«
4 ~ S ?LJZ* nn * n ' * l 25^ 2: *>»»»». $2©*: calves,
$3 UxgG 25; Texas fed steers, $3©3 75; West
ern steers, {2 W«g4. .
HOGS— Receipts. 4000; market »tron»; mixed
and butchers'. $5 15@ri 62%; good to" prime
heavy, $2 25$5 65; rough heavy, $4 tf>fi<5 15;
light, 6 20©5 65; bulk of sales, $5 2&B5 45.
SHEEP— Recelpu. 4000; market steady; good
to choice wethers. $3 5<>©4 15; fair to choice
mixed, $S 2»CS «O; Western sheep, $2 75©
4 25; native lambs. $46XJ; Western lambs
?4<?«.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Sept. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
market nominally unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts. 45O0; market 6c higher
heavy, $5 20©5 40; mixed. $5 25©5 85; light
$5 3503 60; pigs, $4 75@5 1U; bulk of sales,
$5 25ft5 40.
SHEEP— Receipt*, 1000; market steady;
Western yearlings, $8 00@4; wethers, $3 25a
3 75: ewes, $3 10@3 60; common and stockers.
$2 25S3 65; lambs, $405 SO.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT, Sept 3.—CATTLB-^-Re
ceipts, 300: market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 2000; market strong to 5e
higher; bulk of sales. $5 30&5 40; heavy, $5 300
5 &.'»: packers, $5 3OQ5 40; pigs and lights.
$5 20©5 45. .
SHEEP— None.
VEGETABLES — Green Com, 75c®$l B0 per
sack pr crate; String and Wax Beans, l@2t per
lb: Lima Beans, 2@2&c per < lb; To
matoes. . 20®50c per box; Summer
Squash. . 20<&35c per box; Cabbage, 75c per
ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 20®:t5o
per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4
®4 Me per lb; Egg Plant, 25@l0c per box; Dried
Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 2&$40c per
box;' Green Peppers. 25040c per box; Mar*
rowfat Squash. $15{?20 per ; ton. .
' 'All kinds of miscellaneous vegetables were in
free supply and the market was weak. for 4 all
descriptions except Garlic,' which was firmly
held t-y the few dealers who controlled the
supply. Old and poor offerings of other vege
tables were belnz offered below the minimum
quotations, but found few buyers owing to the
cheapness of rood fresh stock.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 60©
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 25 per ctl-
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 75385c;
Sweet Potatoes, $i@l SO per ctl.
ONIONS— $1®1 25 per ctl. '',::%.
Receipts of Potatoes, while light, were well
up to requirements and the week . closed with
the market fairly active and steady at pre
vious prices. Sweet Potatoes arrived freely
from various sections and were In good request
at well-maintained rates. Onions were steady
and tke best offerings had another slight ad
vance. - x '¦:•'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Bid. Aak. Bid. Auk.
Bay CPC 6a. B8& — ;¦ ir-P C.R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. ¦— U7% S V Co 4^.100H —
Cal NW 6s.. — ~ 113 bun Tel «a. . . 115
"M C "Wat 58.100 ' — Do 6s .....104 —
Bin I Wks 6s — 105 Tuttr-sl R5s.lO4 —
SF A NP 5s.llOt4 f UR Of BF4s. 84% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. '
M.vS Co... — "30 LonA SF Bk. — 60
Amer BU Co ¦— 90 Mat Nav Co. — 00
Cal Cot Mlla 80 — Nev Nat BkJ97H —
Cal G&ECor. 45 60 N S R R Co. 9Vi —
C Jcokey CL110 — N Cal P Co.'- .9%
Cal lewder.. — 150 Oak Bk Bav.120 -•; . — >.-,
CalSh^p Co. — 25 . Oak T Con.. 75 ,—
Cal T 14 T. — 155 IOOF Hall A; 6% — :
Ceni;k;Oak— C3 Orpheum Co.. — 15J4
Chutes Co .. — 0V4 PacC Ca» Co.125 —
City S: iC Ck --¦:¦ 120 Pac ; Sur Co.105 . —
Cyu L Imp.. — 6% Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Uynm..30C — ¦ S F. Drydock. 60 — .
ErntPwd pf« ,75 .80 8F&SJ Coal.. 17U 20
Do com .. — 50, S J Wat Co.l03»{ —
FN Bk.Oak.120 — . SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer . Thtr 4Oc : 65c Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.108% — ¦¦ Truck : Elect.. ; 11 U —
Gas Con A. . — £0% UR . InC pfd. : K% —
Hono P, Co.. 26% 2S Do com r.. : 14 —
Do pool .. — 27% ¦; ¦ * ¦•. . ¦.¦-":-:~f>'•¦/
. > .SALES.
• . Morning Session. .
- Board — wSttaBByBHBHE3BBBB
¦$1,000 U R'Rof'S^F 4 per cent..'84 60 .
. : |2.000BTi&-N;P Ry 5 per cent.'.V.UO 50
". . ¦¦-.. /.".>' :;.::-'-}\i-r \,Ki--_
$9,000 URRofSF 4 per cent.... S4 50
Unlisted Securities.
NASHUA, N. H., Sept. S.-James A.
S teele of this city has at last heard
from " his absent son after a silence
of ten years. The son is how Dr. Fred
A. Steele, a physician in good stand
ing, with a prosperous, practice at
Oakland, Cal.
T>r.' Steele is also . surgeon of the
First California Infantry. YOung Steele
left home in 1894 and wandered all
over the earth, being last heard of in
the Azores.
New Hampshire Man Learns Missing
Youth Is Now. Prosperous Phy
sician In California.
HEARS FROM SON AFTER
SILENCE OF TEN YEARS
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Sept. S.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day tbe butter market" was steady;
creameries. 14019c; dairies. 12ffl3c; eggs,
etecdy, 12«4@16?ic; cheese, firm, Sff9c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Sept. 8 — FLOUR— Receipts,
19.000 barrels; exports. 15.600 barrels. Dull
and nominally unchanged. Minnesota patents,
$4 9C£3 25; Minnesota bakers'. $4 S0&1 70;
winter patents. $5 £0@5 60; ' winter straits.
$4 du@S 20; winter extras. $3 45(34; winter
low t-tcfj $3 35^3 80.
WHEAT— Receipts. 26,600 bushels. Spot.
easy; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and $1 c*9H
f. o- b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 21%
f. o. b. a&oat. Options were weak and lower
because of foreign selling. Western bear pres
sure, clearing Northwest weather and proa.
pects for heavy receipts for next week. Near
the clo*« they rallied, however, with corn and
left off rather steady «t Sc net decline. May.
$1 lO^ei 11%. closed $1 ll>d; September
$1 ll«*ei 11H. closed $1 11%; December
tl V'.yi 11. dosed $1 10S.
HOPS — Firm. State common to choice, 1903
27«&i5c: olds. TfflSc; Pacinc Coast. l»03, 26®
31c; o'.<!s. 7S13c.
HIDES — Finn. Callfernla. 11 to 25 pounds,
19c.
WOOL — Domestic fleece. S2#3Sc.
BUTTER. — Steady; unchanged.
CHEESi: — Firm. Email colored fancy 8©
£*%c; email white, poor to fancy C'^gS'Ac;
large colored, fair to good. fe®S"4c; large
Western colored, fair to pood. 75»@!>c.
HGGS — Steady. Western fancy selected.
SO^e^lc; average best. 19H@20c.
DKIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Nothing new de
veloped In the xnarket for evaporated apples
former prices still representing the trading
baels for all qualities. Common were quoted
. at 45?i^e: prime. 6%©6c: choice. 6>,;e<:«ic;
PRUNES — Were Inactive and mo»e or less
unsettled, being somewhat In buyers* favor
Quotations range from 2c to B%c, according
to grade. "
Apricoti — Were In come demand but buyers
appear to be about Me . under the market.
Cholc-, lOVSQ-lOtic; fancy. 11©13c marKel -
PEACHES— Are offered sparingly from all
quarters and the undertone of the market ha*
coMiderabie Sramn* in view of this fact and
a fair demand. Extra choice are still anoted
at 6c and fancy at fi*4@10c. •_ «»>«»««
Clcaring-House Banks.
r."EW YORK. Sept. S.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing House banks of tali
city for tne week show*:
Leans fl.n7.842.W0, Increase $18,183,400;
• fepodu fL217.OJH.000. Increaw 19,781,200; clr-
Foreign Futiires.
'-' Wheat— Bept.' : D«cJ
Openln* 7 2% 7 B
EASTERN MAEKETS.
San Francisco— C. N. Wean and wlfs. C.
Uelnger. M. Erlenlaca, C. Van Mat re. F.
Walsh, J. W. Scott, A. C. Ayersi. J. J.
Easan. 3. H. Scully. T. S. Gedmon, H. H.
Buckman. J. W. Licks, XT. %I. Hlggtas. Z.
C. Cather and wife, P. Ferrari. T. E. John
ston. C M. Rousseau and wife. E. M. Alex
ander, fc. Alexander, K. D. Burke, H.
S. Goldberg, W. Samuel, Mrs. E. RusK and
family; L. S. Ramsdell. E. Taxoa.
Los Angeles— D. D. Donnell and, wife, C. F.
Berrelman, C. T. Honardson. C. B. Smith.
J. Gonnez. Mrs. S. W. Morin. A. P. Fay,
Miss F. L&nge. F. C. Mortbner, W. Doughty.
— Bolmer. Mrs. F. A. Chayer, D. A. Of
feltt, J. H. Lo Sage. Mrs. L» W. Harmon,
I*. W. Harmon. It. O'Kane, J. J. Hull. J. C.
H11L 1.. Inman. O. Arthur, Miss E. March.
A. Ott, Mrs. M. B. Smith. T. W. Robinson
and family, L. E. Langbin, C. Keeney, L..
Keeney.
Sacramento— C. E. Hyde. T. C. Stober and
wife, F. Ae Costa. Mrs. C. Phillips. E. R.
Fleshman. C F. Nehrbass. VI. C. Kin*.
San Diego— M. Duerhamer, H. J. Romer,
Mr«. C. E. Sterne. R. C Stern*.
Miscellaneous — A. H. Olasscock and wife.
Oakland; J. McLean. Oakland; W. H. Locke.
Oakland: C. K. Schroder and wife. San Jose;
I>. Wolfe. San lose; O. H. P. Mennom, San
Jose; A. M. Alexander. Berkeley; Mr*. A.
Schuessel and family. Berkeley; J. C. "Wright.
Berkeley; C. N. Stanley and family, Pasa
dena;. A. Carlln. MarySfllle; TV. H. Carlin,
Marysville; O. C. Worlim. Marysville; Mrs.
E. B. Taylor, Pasadena: L. F. Russell. Pasa
dena;-Mrs. O. H. Cone, Santa Ana; C. R.
Clon. Hanford; W. C. Blee, Hanford; Rev.
F. J. Mynond and wife, Hanford; Dr. J. M.
Hurley. Sab Bernardino; C. H. Barley, San
Bernardino; C. S. Lemon and family. Han Ber
nardino; R. Mills and G. Mills. Coulterrllle;
Mrs. J. A. Klelser, Clorerdate; A. W. Stamper
and wife. Chlco; Mr». C. I* K&larht. Lone
Beach; Mrs. M -T. Jordan. Long Beach: B.
Snow, Dlnuba; W. A. Ray and wife. Tulare;
Mr». H. Campbell. Eureka; F. L. Thomsan.
Eureka: Mrs. 8. Bedford. Redlandj; Ml.«s K.-
Bedford Redlands; K. Egger, Delano; J. S.
Egger * Delano; R- M. Davis. Alameda; J. H.
Uioemer. Arcata; R. W. Ahibrook. Vina; W.
G. McGunls Loyalton: C. Bare, wataonvllle;
F.S. BridewaUne. Holtville; B. Tyrrell. Hay
wards; P. B. Davidson. Los Angeles: Mrs.
R E. DIckson. Olema: Mrs. M. Fletcher. Bak
ersfleld; D Daniels and family. Orovllle; Mrs.
TV. G. McGrehr*. Loyalton: Mrs. J. Scott.
HoltvUle; J: M. Snavely. Crescent aty; E..
Lacy and family. Riverside; J. W. Beams
and wife. Madrone: C. B. Moulsen and wife.
Colusa:*R.-E. Dick»on, OUma; F. Glllespia
and wife, Olema : Mrs. H. Ohlmeyer. Coro
nado: W. G." Chrlstenson and family, Salinas;
E ."*>• W. Spotts, . Crescent Cttyr H. Sullivan.
Hollywood: Mrs. J. A. Raither and family,
Santa Barbara; J.' A. Robinson. Xrultvale;
Mn C. H. Holmes. Kellogg.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. S.— The -following
visitors from California have regis
tered at the California Building:
Exposition's Wonders Attractive tn
Folks From the West.
CAUFORXIANS AT FAIR.
Another silent advance In I-Imas Is noted.
Mart dealers are now asking $4, but no sales
at thl3 figure have yet been reported. There
is nothing new in the other descriptions, which
are dull, as buyers are holding oft for the
new crop
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35W2 50; Pea $.",; Rut
ters. $2 75©3: small White. $2 90@3 10; large
Wblte. $2 3O©2 60; Pink. $3 50@3 CO: Red $4;
Llrr : «, $3 80@a 03; Red Kidneys, $4 25; Black
eyes. $2 60(32 CO per ctl ; Horse Beans $2 25.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25: Flax. $1 9002 25: Canary, 6%
®7c; Alfalfa. 15©15%c; Rape. IV4«2%c; Timo
thy. 5»ic: Hemp. 3V«e3%c per lb; Millet, 2&
<a'i\'jc. Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. $262 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour was steady; winter patents
J5 10@5 20; straights. $4 60@5; spring patents.
$5 2ftg5 BO: straights. $4 00©3 50; bakers.
S3 20; No. 2 spring wheat. $1 lOgl 14; No. 3.
$1 02#l 11; No. 2 red. $1 07»;ei 0SV4: No. 2
corn, 53?»c; No. 2 yellow, 56v4c; No. 2 oats.
SlUc; No. 2 white. S3H633>ic: No. 3 white.
32«33c; No. 2 rye. 70c: good feeding barley.
36@38'4c; fair to choice malting. 44850c; No. 1
fiexseed, 19; No.. 1 Northwestern, $1 28
mess pork, per tobU $11© 11 12'^: lard, per
100 lbs, $7 06: short ribs sides (loose). $7 250
7 S7>4; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 25*
shcrt dear tides (boxed). $8 23; whisky, basis
of hirh wines, fl 23; clover, contract grade.
$12 25©13 33.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22.100 21.200
"Wheat, bushels 165,000 122.500
Corn, bushels 640,400 4 10 500
Oats, bushels 336. CCO 215200
Rye. bushels 13.000 ...
Barley, bushels 40,900 14,700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW YORK. S«pt. 3. — Detectives
are searching the pawnshops of New
York and other' Eastern cities for a
pearl necklace that disappeared in
I.os Angeles, Cal., last May. It is
valued at $20,000. The necklace con
sists of sixty-three first quality pearls
with a clasp of twenty-one small dia
monds and is said to be an ornament
of more than ordinary beauty.
No information has been allowed
to become, public concerning the own
er or the way In which it disappeared,
but a wealthy New York woman visit
ing friends 1 in California is said, to
have been the loser.
Jewels Were Stolen From New York
Woman in Los Articles and Arc
Worth $20,000.
DETECTIVES MAKE SEARCH
FOH VALUx\BLE NECKIjACE
Tbm feOowtax taWe« show the . exports of
vfaeax »n4 barley Jrom Baa Francisco by sea
la Ascsit, 1*04:
WHEAT.
*>»- Centals. Values.
Oreat Britain „...,... 7,400 $io.HX>
HawaSaa Inlands , 1.7S2 2 614
Taiatl «. 63 m
TotaJi 9,1!»5 $13.2<f7
Xucust. 1808 111.651 164,878
BARJ^ET.
Tte— Centals. Values.
3&p*a -^. ..^^^..... 40,057 $42,060
BawaCxa U\nxifi.* ......... 20,473 S2,9ar*
TahiU .... M ...«_. 238 ¦„<,
Sfexico M _..._... 121 130
Totals -'¦.....•.. ii'ii'i C9. c ,91 $75,479
?agust. 1303 705.1^3 634,620
Am will be ae«a. tb» exports last month
Tar below those of August. 1903. The
totals for that month Include 66,523 cental*
o? wheat and £23.378 centals of barley for
Graat Britain. 133.515 centals of barley and
25.760 «enta!s of wheat for Belgium and 46,178
centals of barley for the Hawaiian Islands.
Grain Exports in
There Is no further change In anything. Hops
are very firm at the recent advance, Hidks are
steady and Wool is firmly, held but quiet, with
buyers holding off for the appearance of the
better fall grades.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands eell
about %@lc under quotations. * Heavy -salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light, 9c; : Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal.' 10c;
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides, 16%c: dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 250
40c each; short Wool, 40@65c each: medium,
75@90c; long Wool. $101 SO; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2@2 SO for medium, $1 23
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $10
1 25 for small and 60c for Colts, ffuck Skin* —
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras.-75c; extra large do. $125; large ar.d
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small, 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4#4V£c per lb;
No. 2. 3Mc: grease. 2%®3c
¦ WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. 9@llc; Southern, ¦ 8$9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9®llc: Middle Counties, free I2@14c;
Co defective. 10@12c; Northern free. 12@14c;
v do' defective, 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
ciiio 14©15c per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop firm at 25©2Sc 'per lb.
Meat Market.
Quotations remain unchanged. There Is
plenty of all kinds here.
' DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 4@5o per lb
for Cows.
•VEAL — Larye, C@Sc; small, 8©9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers.; 7@7%c; Ewes, sigi7e
per ¦ lb. _
LAMB— SV6@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed . Hogs, 6© So per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. (
.' The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In ¦ San ¦ Francisco less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7U@7%c; Cows and
Heifers. 5Vj@6%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. .
CALVES — i@4^c per- lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%e3%c; Ewes. 3@3Uo
per lb (gross- weight).
LAMBS— $2 50«2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live \ Hogs, 140 to 200 ,lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs, -,4 %c; 130 lbs and under 4fcc;
over 250 lbs. ; 4%c;_soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per. cent, off from above quota
tions.. ' ¦ '. '-' ' ' ' '
Receipt* of. Hay are still running away over
market requirements, these yjsterday bsing Ilia
tons. Th» -situation remains as frequently
stated during the past few days. Bran con
tinues easy at previous prices.
BRAN— $20 50021 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24629 per ton
SHORTS— $20 5O@21 30 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23®23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 60@32 O0;
jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $30 50©31 50; Cracked Corn. $31632;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 50: Horse Beans, ?30@l0
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $8@12 50. with $13@13 BO for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat $8012; Oat. $7 601?
10 50; Barley and Oat. $7®9; Volunteer Wild
Oat $6 5O®8 60; stable $7@S 50; stock. $60>7;
Cloven $7 50®9 50; Alfalfa, $7@10 60 per ton.
ETRAW— 35@07%c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hop*.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SOQ
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70iJ3:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 SD©4 25
per bbl
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75: Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, '$3 60;
Oat Meal $3 75: Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 60@3 S5: Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats, bbls, $« t>0@7 50; in
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxr*. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100. lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The market continues dull and feature! :ss at
unchanged prices.-
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13%c for light,
14c for extra light I and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. lOVic; Bellies, ll%c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $10© 10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $11011 50: Family $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear $24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Pig Pork.
$26: Pigs* Feet. $5;. Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tieroes quoted at 6%c per lb .for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 0%c; 10-Ib tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c;
3-lb tins lOUc. . .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, S%c: three
half barrels. 8V4c: one tierce. 8V4c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
PAXTON. Neb., Sept. 3.— A severe
rain and hail storm passed over this
place Wednesday night. The lightning
struck John Swanson's house, burned
off the metal picture cords, passed to
his bed. struck him on the hip, ran out
of his foot and set the bod clothes on
fire. Swanson will recover.
Hailstones as large as a baseball fell.
Robert Dyke put a half-bushel measure
over his head to protect himself while
he was caring for his team and the
hail split the measure into pieces and
lacerated Dyke's face. About three
inches of rain fell.
I>ishtnin«r and a Downpour of Rain
3 lake Tilings Interesting for
Pedestrians and Others.
HAIL AS BIG AS BASEBALlLS
FALLS IX NEBRASKA TOWN
Sales of oil shares ' on tne California Ex
change in August were as followsj
~~~ Shares Price During
sold Month.
STOCKS. During
.Month. Low. | High.
Apollo :..... 2.000 ? 44 * , 44
Associated OU Co.... 25.R70 18 -20
Caribou ". . "0f> 4 25 4 SO
Claremont 3,650 SO 90
Four 3,647 S» a*.
Hanford S 165 00 172 00
Home 330 1 35 1 40
Independence 34,006 26 31
Kern. River 340 12 00 12 25
Linda Vista 400 15 15
Monarch 1.100 24 2G
Monte Crlsto 5,700 60 70
Occidental 5.000 05!, 05
Oil City Petroleum.:. ."..500 571 S8
Piedmont l,0«o 06 OS
Reed Crude "1 1 50 1 50
Sovereign 1,500 35 40
Sterling 50 r - "-o 2 :S5
Superior l.Ooo 04 01
Twenty-eight 1.1">5 9 00 9 0)
Wabash I.Oin) 4S| 4.s
West Shore 200 2 10 2 2."«
Wolverine 100 .to! 40
STOCK AND BON'D EXCHAXGE.
SATURDAY, SeptJ 3—12 m.
. ; UNITED STATES BONDS.
¦ Bid. Ask.) i Bid. Ask.
4s jqr coup.. 107 107?i 4s qr cp new.l."J-'ii:»2Vi
4s qr reg.. .H)S 10C%|3s qr coup...ie4?4103?s
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W &s. — — Oak T Co 6s.llS?ill9K
Asso Oil Co. 70 70% Do 5s HOy. — «
Bay CPC 5s.lOO — Do con 5s. — 10:1
Cal C G 58.102 102% Oceanic S 5s. — 75
Cal G & E g Om Cable Cs.122 —
m & ct 5s. 81 Pac G Im 4s. 95 —
Cal-St C 5s.ll2% — P E Ry 5s. .104%105?i
C C Wat 5s. — — P & C H 6s. 103 —
EdL & P 6S.122- — P & O R Cs.114 —
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5».. — P5 Sac EG&R5s. fKi%lCOV,
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.ll8 —
Do 5s 100% — Sierra R 6s..lO9H — •
Hon R T 6s.l0C%107 S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — (190t>) 107H —
L A Ry 5s. .116 — (1910). 108% —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C Cs
Do-gtd 6s. — — (lMWRr A. 103%^ —
Do gtd 5s.l03%105 (1005)Sr B.104% —
LAP lem 5s.lO2% — (190fi) 10««i —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll4 — a»12) 116%117U
Do lem 5s.ll3% — SPC 1 eg 5S.11554 —
MVft MtTSSs.102 — Do stampd.109%110
NRR of C6s.lO6% — S P- B R Cs.133 —
, Do 5e 118 — |S V Wat Cs.104 .<04%
N P C R 5s. — 105% I Do 4s 2dm.l00 «-»„
N C Ry 6s.. -—112 Do 4s 3dm. 08 —
N C P C 5i. — 0ft Do g mtg4s 0R% —
N S R R 5i.lO2 103 Stkn G&Efis. 93 —
O G L&H Si. — 107% U G & E 5s.lO5 —
O W gtd 61. — ' 100 . 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 38 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 38% 30%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & T. Z% 3*i|S F G & E. 6111 61%
Mutual E L. 11% 12%|Stkn G & E. — 5%
Pac L Co... 57% — lUG&ECo. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.SOO — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 135 L P & A.... — 155
Anglo-Cal .. 86% — Mer Trust.. ..212% —
Bank ot Cal.420 — Mfrch Ex.... 80 86%
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — — '
First Natloal — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — Sec Sav Bk..3S0 400
Mutual Bav.100 — Union T CO..— —
S F Sav U. 607% —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196 — I Presidio — 41
Geary — 25 I
POWDER.
Giant 62 65 (.Vlgorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hawaiian O. 59% eO^lMakawell C. 28W 28%
Honokaa S C 16 16%|Onomea S C. 27% 30
Hutch SPC 10% 11 IPaauhau S C. 15% —
Kilauea S C. 2% 3 |
4 • , MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 130 132%| Oceanic S Co. — 4
Cal F C A. 98 100 I Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 81 — , Pac Co Borx.l5« —
MVi MtTm. »6 — I Pac S Tel Co. 101 103
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska ' Packers' Assn 130 00 ¦
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar. 60 CO
25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar b 10. . 60 00
- 105 Honokaa S Co 16 12%
120 Hutchlnson S P Co........... 10 87%
60 Hutchlnson S P Co. b 12 11 CO
450 Kilauea Sugar Plan Co. 2 50
150 Makawell .....'28 25 •
. 55 Paauhan S P Co ..¦ 15 87%
$5,000 U S 3 per cent (coupon) ...... 105 00
-¦¦ . -Street — ' ; • ¦ .^.
5 California St Cable -R R......197 50
200 Hutch S P Co.... 10 73
: $2,000 L A-Pac R R 1st coa 5s.... 103 00
CHICAGO, Sei>t. 3.— From the start, senti
ment tn th-e wheat pit was weak. At the open,
ing the market was influenced by lower cables,
liberal shirnmnte from Australia and pros
l*cts of better weather in the Northwest.
I>eo-rn!ber was HG%c lower, ai $l 07^©
1 07-%. The volume of trading was exceep
ingly light, a holiday in Eastern mariiets b.;ng
partly responsible for the sllgnt Interest mani
fested here. The fact that the lical exchar.i^
will be closed Monday also t-n-lrd U hold the
market in check. Throughout the- i-niire day
trading was largely or a acalpms? nr^ure. Scir.c
reports of small thrashing yields were re
ceived from the -Northwest, but Uttle at«-n-
Uon was paid to them. As tn offset to th«>s*
advices a report from the Pacific Coast as
sorted that the States of Oreron. Idaho and
Washington would raise 15.000.CtiO bushels more
this year than they did a year ago.-
Prices deciined gradually throughout the day.
the market closing weak and almost at ths
lowest point on options. Closing figures on Lfe
cember were 11 66^61 Otivi. a less of ?»Sr,i<\
The volume of trading in corn was light.
December closed Uc lower, at 5l$,<?3l»ic.
Oats were dull. December closed at 31 l ic, a
JO6S Of *iC.
A continuance of the strike at the Stock
Yards restricted trading in provisions, the mar
ket twin* extremely dull with prices showing
little change. October Dork closed a shale
higher, and lard and ribs each were up 2>£c.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
September, old. 1 07% 1 O7«4 1 07 1 6"
September, new 1 O5 I O5«i 1 04% 1 O4V4
December 1 O7%" 1 O7S 1 06% 1 ©6"A
May 1 00^ 103% 109 1 0914
Corn, No. 2 —
September 534 *»¦* 52TJ 53
December 61% 52% 51* 51*i
May 50 B0* 49% 49%
Oats, No. 2 —
September Zl% 31% 81 14 31*4
December S3V* S3U. 33H 831*
May 35T* 35ft 35>4 35%
Mesa Pork, per bbl—
September 11 00 11 ov 11 00 II 00
October 11 00 11 12»$ 11 05 11 10
January 12 00 12 83 12 57J5 12 62$J
Lard. »er 100 lbs—
September 7 00
October 7 1« 7 12% 7 10 ; 7 12J£
January 7 15 7 15 f 15 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 17% 7 27«£ 7 17% 7 27U
October 7 ?2«4 7 42% 7 32>4 7 42%
January 6 02% 6 65 6 60 6 62%
Future Grain and Provisions. •
Chicago Board of Trade.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted
p.nd the situation shows no change.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots, 79i@3Ho for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines..
5%@7c: Peaches. 6@Sc per lb; Pears, 6®10c;
Plums, pitted, 6©«Hc for black. 7%@SHc for
red and 7S8%c for yellow; Figs. 2 -crown
bricks 52%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown. 65c; 6
crown, 75c; bulk white. 3%@3%c; black. 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7V4c per lb.
PRUNES— 1% ©2c per lb for the four sixes.
RAISINS — Association t. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to chance without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose • Muscatels. 3 -crown,
3c; 2-crown. 2%c: Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
25ic; 2-crown, 2%c; seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2^c; Seeded Raisins, 16-oz
cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice. 4c; 12- oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c; choice. 3%c P*r lb. ¦ •
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%@l«c;
No. 2 lM4@12c; No. 1 hardshell,-13ei3»4c:
No. 2, ll©HHc; Almonds, 16@17c for new
Nonpareils. 14@14%C for I XL. 13®14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc: Pea
nuts. 6®7c for Eastern: Pecans. Iltfl3c; Co
coanuts. $1 50Q5. ' t
HONEY"— Comb. ll'$@13c for white and 10ft
lie for amber;- water -white extracted. B',i{p
6%c; light amber extracted. B® 6c; dark. ::&
BEESWAX— 27<?2»c per 1b.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. — Total imports of dry
goods anrt Reneral merchandise at the port of
New York for tbe week ending to-day were
valued at $12,509,173. 9
Exports of sr,ecle from New Tork for the
week wer«» $l.<jO6.135 gold and $543,445 silver.
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were ?5501 silver and $29,920 gdhA. - -" v-
A T crv York Dry Goods.
August Oil Stock Sales. |
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OH Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo *J
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 21
Aztee <¦..-..:...-...-:¦ .'.. 65 ....
California Standard 13 ••••
Caribou .... * 50
Central Point Con 60 ••••
Chicago Crude 15 T*ii>
Claremont '.. "•••• •••• ¦ •£ v
Esperanza . * 52
Pour 69 60
Hanford 195 00 200 00
Home '. 157%
Independence .......... .... 30 ....
Kern 5 00 .:..
Kern River 12 00 13 00
Occidental of W-'Va 05 .
Oil City Petroleum 53 55
Peerless N 13 «>
Reed Crude ........'. 150.
S F & McKrttrick ¦ 3.00
Senator ' <50 ••-•
Sterling •. 3 <*>
Superior 04 05
Thirty-three .:.. 8 25
Twenty-eight ".. 9 00 ....
Associated Bonds CO 30 -•••
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater .55
Northern Cal Power 9 62%
Truckee Electric 1160 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
B0 Caribou 4 50
100 Northern Cal Power 9 50
14 Hanford 195 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraw
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 22| 400 Savage 18
200 Caledonia ... 60 200 Seg Belcher .. 11
200 Exchequer . . Clj 100 Sierra Nev .. 31
100 Mexican 841
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales '. on . the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 1S| Oonld & Cut. 21,
500 Andes lit 500 Gould & Cur. 23
100 Belcher ...... 21 '200 Mexican ..... S4
SCO Caledonia ... iSO 100 Ahtr ........2 35
100 Chollar 13! 100 Aphlr 2 30
200 Con C & Va.1 10 100 Ophlr 2 32%
100 Confidence ... 65| 200 Savage IS
ICO Crown Point. 16! lfiO Savage 20
100 Exchequer ... CO. 2C0 Union ¦ Con .. 39
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGES.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
•'•¦;' 'Morning Session.
500 Brunswick ... 18 2000 MacNamara . 29
100 Goldfleld .... 75 100 Mont Ton . . . .1 90
100 Goldfleld 73 100 Mont Ton 1 85
100 Goldfield 72 1100 Mont Ton 1 80
1000. Goldfleld Ton. 11 500 Mont Ton ..1 77%
500 MacNamara . 3« 1750 Mont Ton 1 75
500 MacNamara . S5 200 Mont Ton ..1 82%
100O MacNamara . 34 10CO Red Top 17
4100 MacNamara . 33 1000 Ton Gold M. 17
250u MacNamara . 32 3000 Ton Midway.. 35
1100 MacNamara . 311 :K«> Ton of Nev ..7 CO
2000 MacNamara . 30| 1C0 West End ... 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 3 — 12 tn.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 11 12| Justice 00 11
Alta CS 10|Kentuck — 01
Andes 19 20lKeyes Graea.. — 50
B«lcher 24 2S| Lady Wash .. — 05
Best & Belch. 1 15 1 25j Mexican S5 Rfi
Bullion 25 271 Occidental ... 75 83
Caledonia ... 61 r2! Ophlr , 2 30 2 35
Challenge Con 20 22! Overman 2O 22
Chollar 14 15! Potosi -.. 14 16
Confidence ... 60 651 Scorpion 16 OS
Con C & Va.l 05 1 10: Savage 20 21
Con Imperial. Cl 021 Seg Belcher .. 12 13
Con NY Cl 021 Sierra Nev .. 32 XI
Crown Point. 10 171 Silver Hill .. 51 53
East Sierra N 03 Ofil St Louts — 10
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate 02 —
Exchequer . . fiO «2! Union Con . . HO '40
Gould & Cut. 23 2*1 Utah C7 10
Hale & Nora 63 C5' Yellow Jacket. IS 20
Jnlia 00 10!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Adams Gold.. OR — I Paymaster — 04
Columbia 20 2T,\ pi ne Grove ..25 —
Esperanza ... 01 02loulncy ....... 11 —
Gold Anchor. 21 25fRay Exten .. — 00
GoldftoM B.. — lf.| Ray & O'Brien — . OS
OoldfleM Nev 73 7t Ray Tonopah.. — 10
Goldfleld M.. — 24! Red Top 17 IS
Oolclfleld Ton 11 — {Rescue . v . .... 0» —
Odd at Con. nt 021 Ton Belmont.. 57 RS
Hnnnapah II. 25 — I Ton * Cal .. — 20
Hai«! Kirk.. 10 — I Ton E.i ...1 12'£ 1 15
Jim Cutler .. — 7OI Ton Fraction.. 25 —
J/tt'e Tnn .. 50! Ton Oold M. 17 IS
Luckv Tom.. 05 —I Ton Midway. . 3B 37
MacNamura . 28 2fl| Ton of Nev. . — 7 00
Miznah Ex .. — 251 Ton N Star.. 20 25
Mont Ton..l 75 1 77%l United Ton ... — : m
N Y Ton O3 — [West End ... — > 15
The report of G. N. Salisbury, potion di
rector United States Weather Bvreau. for the
Wa.sfcir.gton Crop Bulletin, week endt-d Au
pu=t SO, is as follows:
The week was moderately warm in the
r-astern counties, and cool in the western
counties. It was dry until the liSth, when
hjrht #hower« became ecr.eral throughout the
Ftate. brtakir.g the drought that had prevailed
for more than a month. Although the rain
was light, its effect was beneficial in quench
ing th« forest flres. clearing the atmosphere
of smoke, laying the dust and freshening veg
etation. The showers wert too light and too
late to be of much help to the general crop.
Copious rains would revive pastures and In
sure a good root crop.
The threshing of winter wheat is about
two-thirds to three-fourths completed. Th»
yield apparently varies from a little below
average to a little above, according to local
ity. The quality is good, but the berry is
smaller than usual, owing to hot end dry
weather. Fall seeding has Just begun In early
••ections. Tbe soil is too dry for plowing.
The cutting of spring wheat is nearly finished
except in late localities. The yield, although
fair to good in eastern Whitman and the
southeast counties, is far below average In
the central courti*s. The week has been fine
for oat cutting and the work is nearly flnish-d.
Th* crop i» in reneral light. Corn is being
cut in Kllkltat County.
AccortlE!? to reports, the heps are tot ma
turing well. the. bnrra ar« Email and soft.
and aphis ar» troublesome. Picking will be
gin Jn cbout a week. The potato crop ac
cording to th« general estimate, will be very
light this year; not more than half a crop.
Apple* win ht a bountiful crop but di
smaller «'.re than usual. Peaches are plentiful
la th* irrigated valleys. Prune* era mostly
ft rtllur*.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
concern. Small amounts have left the coun
try on account of the new Cuban loan, but
Europe has made no demands upon our sup
ply cf the precious metal, which is so abund
ant that we could readily epare a considerable
amount even at this reason without detri
neat to ourselves. Wry shortly cotton bills
will be j/lentiful. ar<J t:r,id shipment* then
will be beyond consideration."
Ttw 2? aw Tork drealar of Henry Clews says:
**T2m stock market continues to chow a good
caflerlcBe. Epaculation has been inactive ow
isg to the mcertainty of crops and tbe ab
•eoc* of many lemdlng operators. Tbe latter
tre already becicning to return, and ere long
the Stock ExcL&cge should be the scene of
rreater activity. Monetary conditions are en
tirely satisfactory to the stock market. Crop
<3etca&£s have bepun and funds are being sent
South aad Weet with increasing freedom. Call
loans la consequence are somewhat firmer,
but tlae money i( plentiful, and there I* noth
ing in fight in the moniey market at this
time to prevent greater activity and strength
In stocks. Back reserves are so heavy and
crfilrary requirements bo moderate that there
1* ro occasion for fearing the usual strtn
pency incidental to the crop movement. Nor
are fold shipments any longer a subject for
Money and Stocks.
Lasetl Bask C!e*rtE?s for the • week Just
*&ded show a gain, of 11.500,222 over the cor
re*pae£isr week of last T**r. being 432,
rrz.I^a. agdsst J31.277.2S3 m 1903. The clear.
less Isrtsg tie sain* week In 1902 were $24,
s£?7£3a.
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK, Sept. 3.— In addition to the
usual Saturday dntlness the market for metals
was Influenced by Monday's holiday, and very
little btulaess transpired in any department.
Prices were all practically unchanged from
the previous day.
TIN— $27 12%@27 25. :-,>::.
COPPER— Lake. $12 65^12 75; electrolytic,
$12 fOffl* 75; casting $12 37U012 6&. „
LEAD— $4 20€4 30. *
SPELTER— $4 65^4 95.
IRON — Quiet and unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New York Exchange. Bight — 05
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 07 %
Silver, per ounce — ! 57
Mexican Dollars 44% @ *3
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico ..216
Berlin on London 20.44%
Paris on London ... v 25.24
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — There was not much new in tbe
situaticn. Chicaeo was %c lower, with the
trade bearish on clearing weather and the ab
sence of frost. Th-s Kansas State report gives
a crop «stlmate of 63.000,000 bushels (of which
45.CC0.0CO Is marketable), against 94.C0O.C0O in
1903. The June prospects this year were 86,000, -
000 bushels.
The Portland Or«ronlan estimates the total
crop of Orercn, Wanhincton and Idaho at
45.10O.CCO bushels, acalnst 34,765,000 in l»03.
an>! 41.600,000 In 191S!. Oregon Is credited with
12,050.000 bushels, Washington with 27,650,000
and Idaho with 4.500.000. i
In this market both cash grain and futures
remained about the same. The market was
qutet all around. There are liberal offerings
of both Oregon and California Wheat on the
market.
There will be no session of the Grain Ex
changs on Monday.
CASH WHEAT.
California Clnb, fl «0©l 4S94; California.
White Australian. $1 55©1 61U: Northern
Club.' $1 40®l 4S%; Northern Bluestem, $152>4
«1 HO per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 4S»i $1 iS% $1 « $143%
BARLEY — The w-ek closed with the cash
train and futures both dull and not materially
changed. Tbe exchange will be closed to-mor
row — Labor day.
The exports of Barley in August were less
than one-tenth of those in August. 1903, being
«».S91 centals, valued at $75,47D, against 705,
28S centals, valued at $8."J4,620 in 1903. The
total for last month Includes a shipment taken
for Japan by the steamer Manchuria, consisting
of 40.057 centals, valued at $42,060.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 05@l 0S%; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12Mifrl 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%©1 $0
per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 0S% $1 09 $1 CS*i $1 09
OATS — Previous quotations rule, with sellers
firm. Offerings are not in excess of current
White. $1 37^61 47H; Surprise. $1 50@l 60;
Red. $1 22%©1 42% for feed and $1 S7%@
1 4~u. for seed; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 50@l 05 for seed.
. .CORN — Prices remain unchanged and dealers
report the market dull. There have been no
receipts of Western for some time.
Western eacKed. $1 45<?1 SO for Yellow and
Wblte and $1 45@1 47% for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 50@l 57%; email round do,
$1 55@1 €2%; White, nominal: Egyptian. $135
&1 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE — The market is firm and higher, with
sales at $1 30&1 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75®2 per ctl.
Vhborov befc* L&bcr Aar and a legal
feoU£ay. boslaess will be snspe&ded throogaoBt
tb« C£Ae4 States.
To^Morrow a Holiday.
eolation $3S,9Sa700, increase S1.S6.300; legal
tenders $80,509,600, decrease fl. 112.700; specie
$271,264,900, decrease $6,314,000; reserve $351.
774.400, decrease $7,424,700; reserve required
$3£*.271,000. increase $2,445,300; surplus $47.-
SO3.400, decrease $9,872,000; ex-United States
deposits JM.&44,52o. decrease $9,875,275.
Exchange and Bitllion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
• TraSIng on ' the Bond Exchange yesterday
was largely confined to the sugar stocks, which
-continued tins, Hutchmscn advancing to $11
and the others holding their previous advances.
Alaska Packers, which has been rapidly re
covering lost ground of late, advanced to $130.
and there was a sale of California-street Cable
at $197 50.
The. oil stocks continued Inactive and feature
less. . The .Comstock mining shares were quiet
,and not materially chanced, but the Tonopans
declined, with a good deal of stock thrown on
the markfct. McNamara being especially weak.
Sales «n tbe California Exchange last week
were 4773 shares, valued at $5381, the leading
sales : being as follows : Associated OIL 1C00
shares; Four, 1000; Independence. 1077.
There will be no sessions of the exchanges
to-morrow — Labor day.
¦ The Esperanza Oil Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend . of lc per share,
amounting, to $1230. payable September 8.
The Continental Tobacco Company has de
clared . resrular quarterly -dividends of*l% per
cent on tl>e preferred stock and 4 per cent on
the common stock, payable October 3.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 121 minln™ carloads of ore. as
saying $23 44 per ton.
The California-Texas Development Company
of San Francisco has levied an assessment of
half a cent per share, delinquent October 5.
I>uring August oil companies listed on the
California Stock and Oil Exchange paid $191,
4CC in dividends, making a total of $5,470,170
paid by these companies.
The Tonopah Shares Decline
Under Larger Sales.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seed
lest> SSigOOc: Tokay, 60©75c; Muscat. 40@'75c;
Isabella, COSJOOc: Black. 25@50c; Sweetwater,
o-^SlOr. Large open boxes — Black, 50<g75c; To
kay. $l@l>-5; Muscat. 75e@'?l; (sweetwater,
506*750.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranses, $1 5002 75 per
box for Valendas; Lemcns. $2 25©2 75 for
fancy. $1 25@1 75 for choice and Jl@l 25 for
standard; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexican Limes,
$4 50® 5 per case; Bananas. $1 25@2 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 25 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@< per dozen.
Receipts of all varieties of table Grapes i In
Email and larse packages were - very- heavy
again yesterday, - and with an abundance of
crried-over stock en hand- the markJt had a
very weak tone -and prices of all kinds ranged
lower. The market became demoralized in ths
afternoon and there was a heavy | surplus at
the clo«e. Zinfandel Wine Graphs were nejjlect
ed and weak at $lli@lS per ton for Antioch and
$12014 lor Fresno and river offerings. Quinces
moved very slowly and the light rec-slpts proved,
excesj-ive. The other tree fruits ruled firm, and
even Fijrs, which had previously bicn very
weak, were (Inner at sharply advanced prices.
Oregon Punches w«re In greatly. Increased sup
ply, but met with a steady demand at a' high
er » ranee of wlces. Berries were generally
higher and Melons were reported steady. Citrus
and Tropical fruits stood as previously quoted.
STItAWBEHRIES — *2£4 per chest for larffe
varieties anil 65<£?s for small Berries. . • i
.BL.ACKBERKIES — $2@iJ r>cr chest for ordl-.
n»ry and $8 504(4 for Santa Crue Berries.
RASPBERR1KS— f6$n>*per chest.
HUCKLEBKKRIES— S@Oc per lb.
APPLES— $1 10@l-D0 per box for fancy. S5o
®$1 for choice and 50@75c for common; Crab
Apples, nominal.
PEARS — Bartletts. $llgl 25 per box; Winter
N«lUs, OOrSrSl 25; other winter varieties, 5CQ>
75c per box.
. PEACHKS — Small boxes. 50@*>0c: carriers.
45<[jflt>c; onen boxes, $1 '-ofjl 50 for Iarue and
50{f$5c for small.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 60<g:S5c per crate
and C5&30c per small box; open boxes. 75c&$l.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
QUINCES — 351050c per box.-
PIGS — -.Black, W)&75c for email and $1 25@
1 SO for lirge boxes; White, 35@50c per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. fl@l 50 i>er -crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 4J@60c psr box; Watermelons.
(2 5C@.'( per dozen for extra large and $1 "5tC
for ordinary.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The conditions Vaid down knocked
the scheme, as one man couldn't have
caught ten quail in the time left. It
was intended to invite everybody in
the county to trap them at 60 cents
a bird.
The California 'county commissioners
have decided that each one shall give
the lecture on his particular locality at
the stereopticon exhibits at the Califor
nia building Inaugurated through the
enterprise of Captain Harris, the Kings
County commissioner. These lectures
are being given* regularly now at 5
o'clock each evening and are attended
by crowds that fill the little hair at the
California building. San Joaquin Coun
ty pictures were displayed the first
evening, with Calvin Brown as lec
turer. Sacramento followed, with Roy
Brooke as the orator in Its behalf.
Fresno County's pictures were ex
plained by Charles Wyer, and Kings
County's by Captain Harris. The other
county representatives will appear in
turn. The "World's Fair may develop
some spellbinders In California— some
mute, Inglorious "Websters, who, start
ing humbly with pig prodigies and Irri
gation scenes, will . be , thrOllng % *-Tast
audiences with discourses on the prob
lems of the day.
Much interest is manifested In the
pretty display made by Santa Barbara.
This is one of the world-famous Cali
fornia resorts. There are few tourists
who have ever visited the Golden State
who have not spent some of their time
at this place, where the climate Is of
the sort that makes one wish dreams
could produce bank accounts or that
bank accounts were not a prerequisite
of . dreams. Santa Barbara's fame
brings as many people to her exhibit
as it will bring to Santa Barbara.
Before the "World's Fair opened some
enterprising citizens of Santa Barbara
conceived the idea of exhibiting at the
exposition 500 live California qual!.
There was a game law that prevented
the capture of the birds and so they
went to Merritt, who had been to the
Legislature, where he got some game
laws passed himself, and asked him his
advice. He consulted the Fish and
Game Commission and got permission
to capture the birds. The promoters
were happy until they heard the condi
tions. These wer» that one man only
catch the entire 500 quail and that he
make affidavit for what purpose they
were going to be used. Some of them,
it was understood, were to be sent to
public parks in Europe after the fair.
None was to be killed.
CONDITIONS TOO HARD.
Something California lemon growers
should look into is a complaint that
lemons sent East by them do not keep
as well a3 those sent from other lo
calities. "Whether this is due to faulty
"curing" or the variety of the fruit is
not known, but growers could probably
find the cause and remedy it if they in
vestigated.
C. W. Merritt, the commissioner from
Santa Barbara, failed to get his daily
temperature reports by telegraph from
that county for one or two days, and
was wondering what caused the omis
sion. A Los Angeles man told him
there had probably been a hot wave,
and he quit wondering and awaited his
home papers.
Commissioner Merritt Is having
great difficulty with the crayfish he
brought here from Santa Barbara. It
is in a tank of preserving fluid and he
wants to get it in a Jar so as to shove
it better, but It is of such great length,
its whiskers alone being the longest in
Missouri, that no jar in St. Louis will
hold it. The public is overlooking the
fact every day that Santa Barbara has
the biggest grapevine and the biggest
crayfish In the • world. ' and with two
such wonders known to the world prog
ress should be certain.
INTEREST IX DISPLAY.
CALL. BUREAU. PRESS BUILDING.
WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS, Sept.3.—
Santa Barbara County- is showing some
of the finest lemons displayed here.
They come from the Crocker- Sperry
ranch. They have not been entered for
prizes, though no lemons have been dis
played up to date that can surpass
them.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Special Staff Correspondent of The Call.
SEATTLE. Sept. 3.— Clearings, f 619,623; bal
ances. $178,170.
TACOMA. Sept. 3.— Clearings, $285,122: bal
ances, (19.744.
PORTLAND. Sept. 8. — Clearings, $4S7.2C2;
balances. $70,291.
SPOKANE, Sept. 3. — Clearings. $331,224;
balances, f22,864.
Northern Business.
Giant Crayfish and Biggest
Grapevine* in the World
Cause Easterners to Gaze
Receipts of Produce.
FOB SATUKDAT. SEPTEMBER 8.
Flour. <jr sTcs .. Q.164| Hops, bales .... 84
Wheat, ctls 357 Wool, bales ... 88
Barley ctls ... 4,e6ClLime. bbla .... 270
Oats, ctls ..... .9331 Wine, gals ..... 66.800
Bye. ctls ..... 1,5511 Brandy gals... 2.900
Beans sks..... 362| Hides, No. 414
Potatoes, sks .. 5,35S| Leather, rolls .. 88
Onions, sks . . . !H5 Pelts, No. . 829
Bran, aks 32flt| Tallow, ctls ... '243
Feed, sks 100! Ttaisins. bxs ... 1,400
Hay. tons .... 1,113! Quicksilver, flk«. 80
STOCK MARKET.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 8.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 20g26c:
llrht fin*. 16i@20c; heavy fine, 12@16c; tub
washed, 22@3€c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
FEW YISITOKS 3HSS IT
Nczu York exchanges closed yesterday.
To-viorrozv a legal holiday throughout the country.
Local Sugar stocks firm. Tonopah stocks lower. .
Slight changes in Silver and E change.
Local bank clearings last week above tJwse last year.
Wheat and Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Oats and Corn as before? Rye higlicr.
Receipts of Hay still excessive. Feedstuff s vncixavged.
Another slight advance in Lima Beans,
Potatoes rather better under lighter receipts.
Vegetables in free supply and weak. Onions firm.
Poultry market cleaned up and firm. Game weak.
Grapes decline under excessive arrivals.
Butter steady. Cheese lower. Eastern Eggs higher.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins, j
Provision market stUl dull and featureless.
Hops firm, Wool firm but quiet, and Hides steady.
f AU kinds of_ Meats in good supply and unchanged.
Closing , ..7 2% 7 5
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl
Opening 22 60 24 10
Closing .22 70 24 15
Flour —
Opening' 30 50 31 85
Closing .. SO 55 31 S5 ..
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
Southern County's Exhibit
at Fair One of > the Most
Attractive on the Grounds
Tho Butter market ', continues about as be
fore. Thfre was rather more demand yester
day, as retailers were stocking up for tne next
two or three day?, which are practical holidays,
but this is merely a transitory condition and
will be offset. by the accumulation of arrivals
during the closed days. - .; ; .¦• ¦¦...¦
Cheese if a fraction lovrer," the demand being
poor and stocks too large. ¦
Eggs show little . change. :The finer / ana
more expansive grades continue to drag, as the
cheaper Eastern and cold storage are being used
in preference. Choice Eastern , are slightly
higher. Receipts fell off sharply yesterday.
Receipts were 37.S00 lbs Butter, 627 cases
Eg-pB and 24C0 lbs Chees*; '
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 25%©
26*40 (or extras .and 24<225c for, firsts; dairy.
l'JQ'22 1 6c; store Butter. 15@18c; Eastern cream
ery. 19%®20c; Eastern 'ladle-packed, 14®15%c
per lb. * .
CHEESR— ©@9&c for choice mild new and
S@.S%c for lower grades; Young Americas. 11 &
ime; Oregon. 8@10c: Eastern. ,10@15c per lb.-
EGGS — Ranch. 34g£35c for large white se
.Iected, 32 *»(&33%c for. choice and 30@32c for
common: cold storage. 27©2Sc; store. 25©27a;
Eastern, 25®27c for firsts, 21@23c for seconds
and 2C@21c-for bakers'. ' .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SANTA BARBARA
MAKES SHOWING
cases. 19%e; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 25c;
in cases, 31c. .
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
76c in drums and < iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7^40
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7 H®7%c. according
to quantity. *
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A' Crushed and Fine Crashed, 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; -Fruit " Granulated, Cc; Beet - Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 6.50c;
Golden C, 5.40c; ¦"D," 5.80c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; CO-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
lMtiTflt. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 9e per ¦> . No orders tax;n tor less
than *eventy-ftve barrels or Its equivalent.
GAME — Wild Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare,
$1<S1 23 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen. ". .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, ..SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
1 CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. I
Miscellaneous Markets.
Hnnsacker Will Go to St. Louts.
SACRAMENTO, ",, Sept. 3.^—- Governor
George C. Pardee to-day appointed W.
F. Hunsacker of L.os Angelea as a del
egate from , California to the national
convention . of law examiners. - which
will :be held in St. :Loul» September
28 and 29.
POULTKT— Live -Turkeys. 15©18c per ; lb
for ¦ old and 22@24o for young; - -¦ Geese,
per pair. $1,7&@2; . . Goslings, $2#2 25;
Ducks. • $404 50 per - dosen for < old I and - $4 50
©6 60 •¦ for * young -. r Hens. $4 50@>5 f for small
and $5 50G0 for . large ; young • Roosters.' $5 50
©0; old Rooaten,' $494 60;* Fryer*,' $4®4 60;
Broilers,' $2 5003; Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen tor
old and '51 60® 1 75 for Squabs.
During the week ; Juat ended fl ve cara ¦ . of
Western Poultry were handled and tbe average
dally receipts • were unusually > heavy. A ' firm
feeling prevailed all week, however, as •> the
extra demand caused by the influx of conclave
visitors into town kept the market well cleaned
up. - .- Tie market closed steady and practically
bare." ¦ Game arrived rather - freely . yesterday
and Hare were lower, as most of the offerings
showed the effects of hot .weather. - Doves and
Rabbits ¦vrere unchanged. .. • ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦:. ¦,
Poultrv and Game.
. BAGS— Grain Bags. $5 15@5 25: San Quen
tln.-|i 75: Wool Bags. 30@32e; Fleece Twine,
7^c; Fruit Bags. 6%®7Hc for white and 7o
for brown jute. l^^l^M>'WillP'Wl l fiffMlMjiMiHiU|
COAL— Wellington. ;$3 per ton: New Wel
lington. • $S; ; Seattle. '.$8 50; ;Bryant." $6 50;
Beaver Hill. 1 ? $5 BO; - Roslyn. $7; : Cooa Bay.
(5 60; Richmond, $7 CO: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk. and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg $13;
Welth Lump. $11 OO^Cannel. . $9 per ¦ ton:
Coke $11 60@13 per ton in bulk and $15 in
cacks; Ilocky Mountain descriptions. $8 SO per
short ton. " -"" .'- : "• •:¦.•.- r -¦¦-•.
: OILS — Quotations ' are forbarrels; for case*
add 5c; Linseed. 67c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases," No. T 70" •
Bakers'- AA. cases. $1 1001 12; Lucol 60c for
. boiled . and 48c for raw; ¦> China ., Nut 1 , cases.
65@80e ' per >* gallon : - Cocoanut > Oil, - in .'barrels.
5Sc for i Ceylon t and ; 65c . for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm : Oil. «3c : : extra bleached winter . Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil. 62c: extra' winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 : -1" Lard Oil. 65c;
pure ¦ Neatsfoot : Oil. 73c; 'No. 1 ; Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c;. dark; Herring Oil.
40c;. Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c;;bolled Paint Oll.;33c; raw Paint
Oil/ 81c: -.¦/- :ft:-.7;.^'..;:-: l :...-. .¦*¦•¦ .
Bf COAL' OIL — Water s. White Coal *' OH " in bulk,'
I3cr Pearl iOIl/Mn oasea, -lO^c;' AstraWDttc;
Star -» 19%c: ¦ Extra Star.i 24c; Elaine < 26c; Eo
cene,' 23c; t Deodorized » Stove ; Gasoline', in . bulk,'
18c: in cases/ sl%c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
25\ The i lazy >. man "• never loses 4 an ' oppor
tunity JAto ,- tell * you -' that \Rome * wasn't
built/ In ;a:dayv-v'
- Robert , Lockhart, a _ machinist at
157 Minna street,' went to sleep yes
terday r afternoon - and- left -the '- gas
turned on in the room. His life was
saved*. by the '• fortunate arrival of a
visitor, -who " discovered the man lying
unconscious on 1 a Ccouch. ¦". ¦":. Lockhart
jras removed to the Central; Emergent
Left the Gas Turned On.
The Russian Consul reported yes-!
terday to the Coroner that DimJtri '
Paskan.'a Russian whom he had been
befriending for some time, was miss-
Ing. Paskan was afflicted with tuber- '
culosis of the lungs and had been an
inmate, of the City and County Hos- i
pital ; for some time.' He bad . threat
ened to kill himself. •
Russian- Invalid -Missing.
Clement ' School Scholars ' Entertain.
.The .Clement.Grammar, School Jast
Friday? closed *,the. brief , quarter term
by : .' a . number, . of ¦ '. interesting; pro
grammes •• in ' the different • grades. '>
¦• Many of Uhe"' pupils ; possess^ excep
tional : talent ?in vocal .and .Instrumen
tal music.' making rup 1 entertainments
thafare'thorbughly enjoyed T by teach
er/andvpupil'allke. 'V" : " * ' '
John Robinson, a teamster driving
for McXab & Smith, was arrested yes
terday morning at the American Can
ning Company's place on Seventh and
Townsend streets by Special Officer
Bvyan. and charged with burglary at
the Southern station for stealing 500
pounds of lead.
Charsed. With Stealing Lead
A day in the redwoods of Santa
Cruz County has been decided upon
by Ignacian Council. Y. M. I. Admis
sion day has been selected for the
outing, which is one of a series of an
nual excursions by the council.
Judging from the advance sale of
tickets the excursion will be well at
tended. Special arrangements have
been made , with the railroad company
for- extra trains to accommodate the
crowd..- . - . "
Trains .will leave Third and Towns
end 1 streets at 9:15 o'clock a. m. and
will make a brief stop at Valencia
street station. Many prizes will be
distributed and among these are two
round trip tickets to Lake Tahoe. Mu
sic .will - be ' furnished by Hynes' or
chestra. • Leader Hynes promises , to
furnish the latest musical selections
on, the occasion. ¦ • -• ;
Outins In Redwoods.
The body was found yesterday in
his room at 812 Clay street. He had
been missing for four or five days and
his cousin, Wong Chung, went to his
room yesterday to see him.- He found
the door locked on the inside and the
window tightly closed. He- notified the
police, who forced an entrance. The
dead -man lay in his bunk with an
opened razor by his right hand.
On a table was a note in Chinese
written by the suicide, in which he
stated' that he was old, sick and poor
and as tired of living.
Impoverished, old, wasting away
with tuberculosis of the lungs, Wong
Quong Yip cut his throat with a ra
zor four or five days ago./-;. >
Poor and Sick. He Writes a Farewell
Xotc Explaining That He Was
Tired of Life.
AGED CHINESE KILLS
HIMS3U/F WITH RAZOR
. S. Truman yesterday began suit
against Harvey H. Dana for 512,835
damages' and the re-formation of a
ten-year lease on the seven-story hotel
at the corner of Hyde and Geary
streets. Truman wants the rental cut
from $1445 a. month to. $900 a month
on account of the failure of Dana to
complete the building according to
agreement at the time the lease was
made in June, 1903. The chief item
is , charged , to be Dana's neglect to
put in a cold storage plant on time,
and finally, when the plant, was in
stalled, it would not work, all of
which, it is alleged, was of great dam
age to the perishable goods kept by
the hotel. For this item Truman de
mands $9000. The lesser sums mak
ing the -total' asked for Include Dana's
alleged failure to pay , $035 for a
kitchen range. .. ;
Hotel Man Wants Damages.
Paul Lbudlck, convicted of assault
with intent to commit murder, was
sentenced to serve twelve years in
Folsom Penitentiary. He stabbed Wil
liam Kriske In a saloon on Broadway,
near Hinckley alley, on March 6. Lou
dick was arrested in October last for
robbing Kriske in Berkeley, but In
fluence was' brought to bear 'upon
Kxlsk« to keep out of the way and the
charge against Loudlck was dismissed.
The stabbing was the result of KrlslJe
having Loudick arrested at that time.
H. A. Parks and Thomas McMahon.
who were eonvicted of robbery, with
a recommendation to mercy, owing to
their youth, were each sentenced to
serve five years in Folsom Peniten
tiary. On the night of June 27 they
knocked down Louis Young, a stranger,
at Pacific and Montgomery streets
and took $2 and a cheap watch from
him. Parks was arrested while run
ning away from the scene of the rob
bery and McMahon was taken into
custody on the following day.
The Judge in passing sentence said
he did not agree with the verdict of
the jury. He considered the defendant
committed a cool and deliberate mur
der/ There was not one palliating cir
cumstance, but the Jury had evidently
thought there was. The demeanor of
lhe.defendant during the trial was re
markably cool, showing that he was
not in the least disturbed by the grav
ity of the charge against him.
Richards came to the city from Vi
salia and on the morning of January 6
w*ent to the saloon of Joseph Martini,
C23 Pacific street, with a woman.
Richards and the woman drank three
bottles of beer and when Martini asked
for payment it was refused. It was
alleged for the defense that Martin:
advanced upon Richards with a club
and Richards pulled a revolver out
of his pocket and fatally shot Mar
tini. . - '
Judge Lawlor passed sentence yes
terday upon three defendants who had
been eonvicted by juries In his court.
The Judge denied the motion for u
new trial in the case of Edward Rich
ards, tried for murder and convicted
of manslaughter, and sentenced- him
to servo ten years in Folsom Peniten
tiary, which is the limit
Edward Richards, Tried for
Murder. Convicted of Man
slaughter. Gets Ten Years
FOUR FELONS
ARE SENTENCED
In the case of Freida Fredell, a
four-year-old girl, who was killed on
Twenty-fourth street on August 30 by
being run over by an el«ctric car. a
verdict of accident was returned and
the motorman. J. S. Kelly, was exon
erated from blame.
The body of Mrs. Large was
brought to this city on the steamer
Pomo, not the Pomona, as incorrectly
reported.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Mrs. Mary
Larg-p. who was accidentally killed at
Albion, Mendocino County, on August
30 by being struck bj- a falling tele
phone pole.
The jury returned a verdict of acci
dent and added: "From lack of evi
dence we are unable to fix the re
sponsibility."
Coroner's Jury Unable to Fix Re
sponsibility lor the Fearful Death
of Mrs. Mary Large.
NOT ENOUGH EVIDENCE
TO FORMULATE* VERDICT
The test in determining. whether ar
ticles .are. contraband of war is their
destination for the military uses of a
belligerent. . Quoting' from Dana in his
notes to Wheaton's International Law,
the department' says: ' .
"The. chief circumstances of inquiry
would naturally be the port of destina
tion." If that'. is ' a ; naval arsenal, or a
port in which vessels of war areusual
ly fitted out, or, in which a fleet is ly
ing,'or a garrison town, 1 or a place from
[which * a- military ' expedition is' fitting
out,' r the presumption of . military use
would - be raised more or less strongly
according to the circumstances."
, c The * department. "concludes that- an
extension of * the ;, principle of
band' by- treating coal and all ' other
fuel and raw cotton as absolutely con
traband '} of ". war, 'simply *¦ because . they
are' shipped^by." a: -neutral,", to- a ; non
blockaded port' of -a^belligerent,- would
not appear^ to be "in -accord with the
reasonable and lawful, righte of a neu
tral commerce. ~.f V ' •
Under date of August 23 Acting Sec
retary of State Adee replied, inclosing
a copy of the department's circular of
June 10, .1904, showing its general atti
tude as to conditional contraband* and
stating that -special cases as of the
Arabia and' the- Calches ' were being
pressed in detail.' He' also stated that
the Russian,. Government conceded the
right of; appeal'to St. Petersburg and
consequently, it was 'imperative that
American owners whose property had
been 'confiscated by the; prize court at
Vladivostok, should- take an appeal to
the h'lgher court at St. Petersburg as
the foundation of a claim for indem
nity for seizure and. confiscation.
In the. departments circular of June
10, issued to the Ernbassadors of the
United .^States in Europe', . Secretary
Hay , began . by saying \ that . coal,
napbiha, alcohol and other fuel have
been declared contraband of I war by
the , Russian These ar
ticles, continued the circular, enter into
general consumption .in the arts of
peace, • to which. they are vitally neces
sary., •.'*:. >¦ •¦ '¦*',*¦ ¦ ¦¦ - '¦•
A meeting of the representatives of
the commercial bodies of this city was
held August 12 in the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce to consider the
matter of the seizure of shipments from
this port by Russian war vessels. A
communication was forwarded to Sec
retary of State Hay .through United
States Senator Perkins in which they
called the attention of the department
to the refusal of certain -American
steamship companies to receive' for
shipment to Japanese, Korean, Manchu
rlan and Siberian » ports freight de
clared by Russia to be contraband of
war. As a result other vessels flying
the British flag, relying on the protec
tion of the Government of Great Bri
tain, were receiving such goods for
shipment and thus trade was. being di
verted from American to foreign bot
toms at.a loss to the American steam
ship companies.
After citing the work of the Russian
raiding fleet in the waters of the Orient
the petitioners in a set of resolutions
called upon the United States Govern
ment to take such action as will prop
erly protect and conserve the peaceful
•commerce with,- all Oriental ports and
that the State Department be requested
to. Issue, a broad statement as to what
shall constitute contraband of war and
give assurance: of immunity .to the
shippers engaged in peaceful com
merce. . . '
Secretary of State Replies
to the Petition of San
Francisco Commercial Men
The plaintiff is seventy-two years old
and it is alleged that she has trusted
Woods for years. She was unable, it
Is said, to comprehend business matters
and en August 5 Woods called at her
lodgings and represented, to her that
it was unsafe for her to keep the shares
in her possession. On his representa
tions, the complaint states, she turned
the stock over to him, with the.under
standing that he was to collect the
dividends for her. At the same time,
she' says, he submitted a document,
which she signed, ignorant of Its con
tents. On the strength of the docu
ment, it Is claimed. Woods had her
shares transferred to his name and has
collected J18D 78 in dividends. :
It is alleged that he now claims to
be the owner of the shares and has de
clined to surrender them upon the de
mand, made by Emilie Dierks. The
court is asked to decide that the docu
ment by which Woods got the stock is
void and that the shares be retrans
ferred.
Old, partially paralyzed and bedrid
den, Wilhelmina Rosentnal came into
the Superior Court yesterday with a
complaint charging a long time friend,
whom she had trusted, with having
appropriated 306 shares of Spring Val
ley Water stock belonging to her. The
suit was begun through Emille A-
Dierks, who, on August 26, was ap
pointed'guardian of the plaintiff upon
a showing that Mrs. Rosenthal was
unable to care for herself or look after
her business. Robert J. Woods and the
Spring Valley Water Company are the
defendants.
Serious Accusations Made
in Suit for the Recovery
of Spring Valley Stock
ELDERLY WOMAN
CHARGES FRAUD
SPECIFIES WHAT
IS CONTRABAND
Upon this ground Walker declared
that the roads were only engaged in
the transaction of an* interstate busi
ness and 'that therefore the applica
tion of the law quoted by Shortridge
was unconstitutional in that it inter
fered with interstate commerce..
• The evidence of Deputy County
Clerk Charles Morris was taken, show
ing that he could find no record of
the articles in question having ever
been filed by the two roads named In
this county. On the other side of
the question, Foshay Walker, repre
senting the railroads, examined
Charles A. "Rutherford, district pas
senger agent for the; Rock Island, and
E. A. Mudget, passenger agent for
the Burlington, each of whom testi
fied that the only business they did
in California was tp solicit the pur
chase of tickets that would take the
passenger over some portion of their
respective lines.
Samuel Shortridge, representing the
several dealers in cut rate tickets,
attacked the right of the plaintiffs to
maintain an action in a California
court on the ground that those named
as connecting lines of the Southern
Pacific had not complied with -the
statute of 1901, requiring foreign cor
porations to . tile articles of incorpora
tion in this .Suttees a* condition pre
cedent to gaining • a -right . in court.
This contention was aimed at the
Northern Pacific, Oregon Short Line
and Burlington and Rock Island sys
tems. .
Judge. Murasky yesterday morning
heard the conclusion of the argu
ments on the motion to dissolve the
injunction obtained by the Southern
Pacific arid its connecting lines pre
venting the local ticket brokers from
dealing in the special excursion tick
ets sold for the Templars and Odd
Fellows' conventions. The court took
the matter under advisement and an
early decision is looked for, as the
Templars' Conclave opens to-morrow
and every day is important to the
brokers.
Jiiclj»e Miirasky Xow Considering Mo
tion to Dissolve Injunction
Against Scalpers.
AKGUMENT ENDED IX CASE -
OF RAILROAD VS. BROKERS
That was all. No signature or ad
dress was attached ; as In ordinary ad
vertisements and Chinatown's:.unem
ployed were aflutter with curiosity as
they clustered around the poster and
asked each .other -who -put it there
That was how the author's identity
was detected by . the s policeman : .who
prevented, the crowd obstructing; the*
sidewalk. When 1 Ignorance of ; the* law
Ah Wan. foreman of a coolie gang
employed in the Tesla coal mines,
came to the city to engage a cook and
dishwasher and was arrested for vio
lating the ordinance which prohibits
the posting of placards , on China
town's dead walls. As translated by
Interpreter Gong, the yellow sheet
which Ah Wan inscribed with black
hiernglyphics and stuck where his com
patriots could see it reads as follows:"
"Ah Wan. "You-sabee? Cook.
Washum. Any man wantee job come
to me." ¦
Martin * '-essi, restaurant cook, paid
$2 50 for a new pair of pantaloons, and
the first time he wore them he slipped
and they ripped at the place where
such garments always do rip. Hasten
ing to his tailor, whose shop is on Du
pont street, near Green, he" doffed the
damaged trousers, donned substitutes
and instructed the sartorial artist to
b<» sure and have the rip repaired not
later than Friday evening, as he was
scheduled to lead .a cotillon.. With as
surance" that the instruction would be
obeyed, he went away with easy mind.
At the appointed time, however, the
trousers were not mended, nor did
there seem to be any possibility of the
mending being finished in time for the
dance. The argument that ensued , was
terminated by Flressi drawing a knife
and threatening to slay the deceitful
tailor, and Patrolman J. W. Davids
arrived just in time to prevent a trag
edy. .
"I'd like to get out for Sunday," re
marked Mr. Flressi to Judge Mogan,
befors whom he stood accused of wield
ing a deadly weapon, "because I have
a very important engagement for that
afternoon."
"With a lady, I presume?"
"Yes. sir."
"Well, it -would be disgraceful to go
a-courting in those trousers," said the
Judge, "and as your other ones remain
unrepaired I don't see any use in let
ting 3'ou go till Monday."
"That not so," contended Chang She
in fairly decent English. "Him ,no
shout. Hoss him come too quickee."
The case was continued till next
Wednesday and orders were given to
have Magee in court on that date.
Chang She, one of Chinatown's falr
pst belles, was daintily tripping across
Dupont street, between Washington
and Clay, when a horse driven
by H. C. Magee, real estate agent,
knocked her down. soiled her
new mauve kimona, disarranged her
coiffure and smashed a jade bracelet to
which she attached great intrinsic and
sentimental value, inasmuch as it was
a betrothal gift from Wok Foy, an opu
lent carver of pork. She was en route
from her barber to her affianced when
the unfortunate accident occurred, and,
of course, she could not think of such
a thing as pursuing her journey while
she was in a disheveled condition, for
Wok Fey is a stickler for feminine
neatness of appearance. So her dis
tress was enhanced by fear that Wok
Foy might be uneasy over her failure
to materialize at the appointed time in
the pork shop. • ,
Magee did not annear in court to de
fend himself, but that he was not ex
clusively responsible for the upsetting
of Chang She's person and plans was
pleaded by his counsel. If the maiden
had paid attention to Mr. Magee's
warning shouts as the buggy ap
proached her, argued the attorney, she
could have averted the collision. But
she walked with bowed head and ap
parently was oblivious to her environ
ment.
Half a dozen milkmen— E. P. Walsh,
Samuel llarron. Charles Paul, Charles
Evans, J. M. Turner and G. L. Perham
—were before Judge Cabaniss on the
charge of adulterating cream with
"thickening" and their cases were con
tinued till September 10 by request of
the defense. . . ..
The man of several aliases was ar
rested for tapping the till of Super
visor L. A. Hea's paint shop at 1318
Stockton street and purloining there
from, five silver dollars, while he was
waiting to reauest the Supervisor to
sign 'an application for a free license
to peddle Knights Templar badges. In
court he stated that he came here from
Medora, Iowa, but afterward said his
last place of residence was New York
City. A tattered pocketbook found in
his possession contained documentary
evidence that he traveled under vari
ous names, several tenderly worded
epistles from women being addressed
to his different aliases. He explained
that he changed his name with the ob
ject of changing his luck, but the court
apparently ascribed a more felonious
motive to his frequent nomenclatural
mutations.
J. TV. Stacy, alias J. W. Tracy, alias
J. W. Raineer, accused of petty lar
ceny, hoped that the court would with
hold its judgment until he could pre
sent proofs of good character.
"I'm afraid you would keep me wait
ing too long," said Judge Megan, "and
besides I'm already satisfied you are a
crook who came to town to pursue your
calling while the Knights Templar Con
clace is on. So to save time and trouble
I'll now pronounce you guilty and fix
your punishment next Wednesday."
Mrs. Bernard staggered and would
have fallen if Bailiff Maloney's strong
arm haQ not anticipated such a move
ment.
"Stronger and handsomer than ever,
they said, and I was the well-pleased
woman. 'I hc-pe,* says 1. to Mrs. Gal
lagher, 'that I'll be, tried before Judge
Mogan, because — ' "
"Six months," was the sententious
pronouncement from the bench.
j Police Judge Mogan returned to his
bench yesterday morning physically
I and intellectually strengthened by his
! six weeks' vacation and. the first de-
J fendant to greet him was Mrs. Nellie
Bernard, an old acquaintance.
"My!" she exclaimed, "but you are
looking well. Judge. If ever a man
j needed rest and recreation that' man
[was you and many's the time I said
• that before you went awayi" The last
'time I stood here — you gave me thirty
days, you remember?— I neticed how
| tired you were and when I went back
| to the cell I says to Mrs. Gonzales —
'you gave her sixty— says 1, 'If that
i Judge Mogan doesn't lay off work for
; a while he'll find himself sick in bed.*
Mrs. Gonzales said the very same thing
and wo — "
"Same old charge, 1 suppose?" was
the Judge's ungallant interruption.
! "Yap — drunk on Fourih street. But
: as I was Siiyintr. when they told me
; this.mc-rning that you had come back
1 stronger and handsomer than—"
i "Short sentences don't seem to have
1 the desired curative effect in your
case," his Honor again interrupted,
; "and I think I'll prolong the dose this
f time."
Joe Fusita, a diminutive Jap, was
bombarding the residence of a Chinese
woman in Eartlett alley when Police
Corporal Frear stopped his operations
and took him to prison. The missiles
employed by Fugita were less damag
ing than those used by his compatriots
in their, attacks- upon Port Aurther's
outposts', as they consisted of cobble
stones and barrel staves, but they
were hurled with sufficient . force to
demolish almost the entire front of the
•'crib." He was fined $10.
"Then you'd better go before thft
Board of Supervisors and request that
it be repealed," said the Judge. "Mean
time I will give myself till next Mon
day to think over the! matter of fining
i you." •
"With Violating the ordinance which
was adopted for the preservation of
the city's boulevards by- prohibiting
heavy vehicles being driven upon
them," was the — iswer.
Slf's that the lav/ it's a funny one,"
said Schultz.
"I fai! to perceive its humorous
phase myself," said the 'Judge.
'I don't think it's right," said
Schultz. .
Patrolman' Gable testified that he
played several games of hide-and-seek
with Otto Schultz, painter/before he
finally succeeded In arresting him for
violating 1 ' the '-.boulevard ordinance by
driving his* business- wagon on .Van
Ness avenue. Schultz, the officer said,
has a paint shop at Fillmore arid -L»a
guna streets, and. on, several: occasions
he was seen steering his wagon over
the proscribed roadway, but each .time
quickly turned, into a side street as
soon as he saw that he .was. pursued.
By adroit t^he policeman
cornered him last Friday afternoon be
tween Sacramento and Jackson streets.
'•You seem to be guilty as charged,"
said the Judge to Schultz.
"What am I charged with?" Schultz
asked. • ;¦"-.•.:- • ,. _ • : : : »i «
was pleaded by Ah, "Wan he was dis
missed by Judge Mogan.-
Mrs. Nellie Bernard Is Given Six MonthsMmprisonment
for Habitual Drunkenness After She Has Told His
Honor Mog m His Vacation ; Had Improved His Looks
COMPLIMENTS TO JUDGE
FAIL TO A WAKEN MERCY
THK SAN .FRANCISCO GALL,:^SUNDAY,^SEPTEMBER ,4; 190*.
Nick Commata. a painter residing
at 511 Broadway, fell from a
scaffolding at the Six-Mile House on
the San Bruno road yesterday, sus
taining serious internal injuries. He
was treated at the Potrero Hospital by
Dr. Buell.
Falls From Scaffold.
cy Hospital, where Dr. Glover treated
him. :?y{;: r W
26
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ ¦__ -_-j :^^-\-;^^
-Visitors jhou!d»lakt advantacc of their presence in the city and visit
our slorc, particularly the cloak and suit department, where you will find
t3:e mo:-t complete assortment of up-to-date, moderately priced, ready-to-
wczt gaTxnttitS in the city. Traveling costumes, short skirts, tourist
costs etc.. shown in trreat yarictv.
READMO-WEW GARMENTS AUTUMN ORESS GCOOS
fit Ciia antj.d- Expert Filers tow Styfs Galore
GeccnC rioor-rrort GrOTUld n°°r-I.ett cf Entrance
M-.-Tailorcd Suits-In the new Vcn , ctia ? t Broadcloths— |
roitrd Btyics, throe-quarter lencrth ¦ ? 2 -l n 1 c " .^-wool .all colors Qftp
and h;i length; al£> the Napoleon afuTbfcck; XV orth $jot>... .. I 7UU
I. the Norfolk and the Eton Blouse. Mannish Tweeds - All f ,
Shewn in the rerv latest Scotch oo '' 52-inch,,ncw mix- j a yu.
ttveeds and mannish cloths: al>o tu L c .?; worth^ $1.2.^ ........ -i
in the best fzndcYol LvminsviKe Silk Luster Sicilians--
cheviots 2nd English cloth?. A big ? 2 m J$ c *' colors m b ' acK '
assortment No tv.o alike and no irO!1 frnme weave; Si.oo
duplicates in the cilv. CiQ »72 value FtQr>
Our price Exposition Suitings— .38 /±7C
inches, all wool; ";c value. ~ V( a
The New Sunburst Suit— Made Black Etamines — 17 *
r.f real French r.li-wool Batiste, in inches, all -*oo!, plain or
black, cream, nut brown, chayi- fancy, vah" oqc: your
pagne ar.d new blue: the very new- choice
cst thing, and all the raze En5t; Novelt'v : Velvet" Suitings]
worth S30.00. Our C^ QH — " inchesr metallic, em-
P r 'ce. *pL*£fU'\J broidered and Fancy cord
Tourist Coats-Special-Worth :f ecls: reRular 8=;c aiH
$.^.30; of Scotch tweed*, mannish „?• 'A ~ '" V 'c"."- # " 7Rr*
effects and coverts; a hie variety W 'n d sor Tweed Suiting, 1 /DC
of styles and lengths, from 38 to la fc.A' 1^ a11 WuoK resfU "! a yd.
inches; all sizes, from <P-sn CH iar ' v -bV-^' ' "cV," ' " - j y
Z2 to 44- Our price.. $l/.I>U Noveity Kaids-Silk and ,;.,
wool. 40 inches, new pat-
Mohair Traveling Coats — Full terns; $1.00 value; your
length, new style; black, brown, choice
pray rnd blue. The best thin* for EXTRA — Tweed Suitings — One
traveling we have ever G^y Qf\ thousand yards on special sale; all
seen &(»%J\J wool, assorted styles, values from
W* 5 Skirts-Worth S,.oo : £ d $gg* gg /%,?<$£
3ad:es and misses; blue, brown OvC
?.nd gray, with mixtures in snow ~1. ., L\i-1
drop effect?. All wool-kilted and SILK SP-CIALS
strapped; cither for misses from S Black Taffeta — 23-inch, S^c qual-
to 14. years or for ladies; tf«5 PA ity; just the right weight for skirts
all lengths. Special, each •$«)• JV/ and suits. Special, a yard CQp
New Autumn Waists — Worth "di",'V> J'"p*"- • ,
$37S: of nun's veiling, all-wool Bhwk Peau de Soie-20 inches.
batiste and Scotch shirtings; all $I ?° v * ] " c \ a 5 ood - hcayv Quality
the new colorings. Soe- C1 C\6 \ nd a rich - 1 hand<OI , llc bIack - 7^/»
cial. each J2.V D A value, yard / JC
A New Arrival — We have just
Another Autumn Waist — Real received a very choice assortment
French flannel, in stripes and dot- of the latest styles in the new
ted weaves, exclusive patterns and Dresden, Persian and Scotch .plaid
very new designs. Spe- C9 9C silks, a vard tf« 1 x_ ff 1 r*/\
ciai >fj.jj .:.... $1 to i&LbU
A KNIGHT TEMPLAR SOUVENIR— Knight Templar cushion
lopv^consistinjj of appropriate emblems intermingled with California
poppies. This is a very beautiful thing and must be seen. CA —
.Top ;:nd hack DlJC
Souvenir cushion tops of all descriptions. The largest assort-
ment in the city.
' --=cnrtQg-»o7-»oo post st. "gjsas^R^..-^^""""^
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
i '¦ ¦"'¦•-¦?¦¦.•¦ ¦'•.¦• ..¦'• : '... : v:'.:-.'<i'.:'iU.-i^ik* '('¦ 'ij
"When a person has b«en told that
they are in the last stages of consump-
tion and that no treatment can help
them. .It is surely a wonderful relief,
both physically and mentally, to find a
treatment that has curative effects. My
condition was a very serious one, and all
the medical treatment that I used, did
me no good. I heard of the success of
Electro-Chemlstry in serious diseases
like my own and I went to the Electro-"
Chemic Institute, No. 118 Grant Ave.. for
a careful examination. This examina-
tion was free and it was so thorough
that I had great hopes when the Electro-
Chemic specialists told me that Electro-
chemistry would cure me. I began the
treatment Immediately, and In a shore
time my condition was greatly Improved
in every way. When I first went to the
Institute my breathinjr was so short that
I could hardly go up the stairs. I had a
very serious cough • and I expectorated
horrible looking matter from my lungs
I had fever in the afternoons and had
night sweats. I had lost a great deal of
flesh and was so weak that I could
scarcely get about. I feel like a new
woman now. I feel' stronger in every
way. The cough has disappeared. The
night sweats and the afternoon fevers
have both disappeared. I do not expecto-
rate bad looking matter from my lungs
and all of this has been accomplished in a
very -short time and at very little ex-
pense. I feel it my duty to tell other
sufferers of the wonderful effects of Elec-
tro-Chemistry in bad cases like my own
My name is Mrs. M. Macdousrall and I
live at Xo. 400 Oak St.. San Francisco"
It is cures like these that is making
the Electro-Chemic treatment famous
and it is because of such cures that. in
less than three years' time the Electro-
Chemic practice in 8an Francisco has
become the largest special practice in
the Y.'est. Electro-Chemistry is curative
in all long-standing and chronic diseases
and it is the most successful treatment
yet discovered for the cure of Consump-
tion, Catarrh. Bronchitis. Asthma. Deaf-
ness, Ringing Ears, Discharging Ears
Painful Ears, Rheumatism. Neuraleia!
Locomotor Ataxia. Paralysis. Weak
Heart. Palpitation, Shortness of Breath
Dizziness. Headache. Nervousness In-
somnia. Epilepsy, Falling Sickness Con-
stipation. Piles, Fistula, Prostatitis
Stricture. Blood Poison. Specific Conta-
gious Diseases. Blood and Skin Diseases
Eczema. Goitre. Swollen Joints Weak
Back. Kidney Diseases. Bright's Disease
! Diabetes. Inflammation of the Bladder*
Special Diseases of Women — Irregulari-
ties. Displacements. Ovarian Pains Tu-
mors. Abscesses. Ulcers, etc., etc '
The Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examina-
tion is the most reliable examination
that any sufferer can have and it is ab-
solutely free to all. Patients living at a
distance should try to come to the office
for this examination. In most cases th«
patient can take the course of, Elec
tro-Chemic home treatment and return
home the same day. An expensive Elec-
tro-Chemic apparatus is loaned to out
side patients, free of charge. The Insti
tute is provided with separate and-Dri
vate apartments for its male and fernala
patients and everything is retired, tiuie*
and pleasant. All classes are now taking
the Electro-Chemic course. There ir«
lawyers/ministers, priests, physician.,
merchants, mechanics*, laborers ami
there are society ladies and there a™
housewives. alL receiving the sam* care-
ful, conscientious treatment at thevhand^
of the Electro-Chemic specialists Th«»
Electro-Chemic Institute is centra'llv ln-
cated at No. -118 Grant Ave.. corner ot
Post 8t.. and the office hours are from
nine to five and seven to eight dally and
on Sunday from ten to on«. *.»««•
o 0H(39L\V and
. I
l£ADINO BCSINKES COLLEGB OF THK
"*VE£T.
°Z* r .J k Po6t ~ et • 8an Francisco. Cal
Ertab. JOwi Open «-nt!r« year. d«y & ni'rht.
-Writ* for circular* (Ute)'
Polytechnic Ba«l-
~~^>^~r*^&ts^ ne " CcUege and
S&ZCtf. & 'tej&W&Sb, School of Enrt-
teJ&M&m®& (M Lar e«'t and
:-^-5H£uyi^v^r S^O Of bu8inet *. shorthand
r*^^^"^®^ 0 ' rbic *G°-- Perfect
"=±tfr.— '^'- -^ climate. ExpcBse.
iftVpag* Ctu-ogue. >0T7 - V ' rite f ° r frCC
TMR: LYCEUM.
An «ccrt^ltcd preparatory school for the unl
vcreltr, law and medical collr SM . „
u " ORAL'. I!h. P.. Prlaclpal.
IRVING INSTITUTE
pJi^'5J|-52!i5;'v^^^ s '"• f> rnopt practical;
Tg^^S^i^l't'i £cnd for Catalo.cup.
i*i~.- yi ,r-. -^ . _ , ;82 Market st , SF
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN nAFAKL. CAL.
Junior *encol Fpjiaratc. Fall terra bcglnr; Aue
17. ._ ARTHUR CROSBY. D.D.. Head Maeter!
liitcliccck Military Academj
¦ EAJ.- ItAFAEL, CAL."
WILL EEOPEN ON AUGUST 16 I
Ajjply to the Prlncln|J.
_¦_._,_ . . ; ... .V. -^-»-> — ;•:-__•.-:-;_;-_._;¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ._,'. m^^~~.
---- United States Senate, Washington, D. C. tm
|Sa I have used HAYNER WHISKEY for medical purposes in my famU7 and have l^.J
H?| found it very satisfactory. I believe it to be a number one £?h
H iSll TKE 0NLY WHISKEY WITH A NATIONAL REPUTATION FOB M
Wi HISKEST QUALITY AND PERFECT PURITY. H
e have one of the largest distilleries in the world. We are the largest; bottlers of JLs|
1^ ffe i: ffihl»~fl -whiskey in the world. We have more whiskey in our eight Bonded Warehouses than Ess
Hi RStie&nuj any other distiller in the world. There is 'more HAYNER WHISKEY sold than any other
MM ' ll^?!w!&*»W| brand of whiskey in the world. We have been in business for 38 years and have a capital » ¦; t
Pil lff^&«»w&2«(4 °* $500,000,00 paid in full, so you run no risk when you deal with us. Your money back pTrl
Hi lliM^lilili at once if you are not satisfied. Don't forget that HAYNER WHISKEY goes direct from our gjE9
Its f|P^ '^ilii distillery to you, with all its original strength, richness and flavor, thus assuring you of &' 1 ,*
Hi*; i ' : ¥^i perfect purity and saving you the enormous profits of the dealers. You cannot buy VS.
fea ' ¦ EwiM^WwL ¦ anything- purer, better or , more satisfactory than HAYNER WHISKEY, no matter how |?'l
P J» li^wL DIRECT FROM OUR DSSTILLERY TO YOU l\
Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulteration. t \
l^^^^^^^^H '^^^ EXPRESS CHARGES PAID BY US ' |1 U
Ork^TllillKi^KSl AIID AmR WewiH send you FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES of HAYNER 1
,7-z^P^t UUH WrrifcBl SEVETJ-YEAR-6lD RYE for $4.00, and we will pay the Kg
'.^ TiAtrr*''** express charges. Try it and if you don't find it all right and as good as you E j
-\ ."••'" --**'] ever used ox can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at our r ¦,
iv •- - '" ' _J expense, and your $4.00 will be returned to you by next mail. Just think that l.tj
WJSSmkmxmr!.. u»CgfflflSll oSeT ove1 "' How could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied you are |rj
i^BtPSJIilBfi^BSiHi^BB^ram not out a cent. We ship in a plain sealed case, no marks to show what's inside, t : j
IWBSmSS^^^^^SBSs ICEPETE 1 a beautiful gold-tipped glass and E"njCgr W'\
p^Bfff«|»ffSWifBWjBffl ¦* hbBIbI corkscrew sent with your order It uaLal r J
t^^HJ^SJS^^^Bi^BBBy Remember, a Kayner quart is an honest quart of 3J ounces, 4 to the gallon, just one-fourth fej
fe^^t&SSttmlSiSSsG&aBSB*^ ' more than in bottles of other brands, really reducing our price just that much. * \
I estabushed THE HAYMER DISTILLING GOMPANY D ?» U
WiL Ul ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. DAYTON, 0. ATLANTA, GA. J|
$110 per WEEK
Watches and Diamond s Sold on : Small
* Webkly ' or ¦ MontMy Payments. ,' ¦
Ooodi Delivered ; on First Payment.
DEREMER'S
137 Montgomery SI ,
24 Floor. ? /Phone James 4996:Secretary Shaw was entertained at
luncheon at the Bohemian Club by
Collector of the Port Stratton and
in the afternoon he was given a
glimpse of the Golden Gate from
the deck of the Slocum. He would
have seen more of the Golden
Gate if a great layer of fog had
not suddenly settled down over the
entrance to the harbor and practical
ly veiled everything from vletr.
' The Slocum left the transport dock
at 2 p. m. and steamed by the Union
He took a lively Interest in every
thing going on about him and was es
pecially Interested in the Knights
Templar, large numbers of whom
were on the ferry-boat. He expressed
great admiration for the magnificent
decorations on Market street and
stood some time at the ferry depot in
specting them. Arriving at the Pal
ace ho found suite 45 superbly deco
rated with great clusters of brilliant
hued flowers. After a few formal
greetings to a number of friends who
had called to pay their respects, he
excused himself and took up a vast
pile of correspondence which he found
awaiting him here.
Secretary of the Treasury Leslie M.
Shaw arrived in this city yesterday
morning on the Oregon express. He
was met at the Oakland mole
by Senator George C. Perkins,
Victor H. Metcalf, United States Sec
retary of Commerce and Labor;
Chauncey M. St. John. Deputy Survey
or of United States Customs; E. S.
Stratton, Collector of Customs; Colonel
John P. Irish and TV. S. Palmer, divi
sion superintendent of the Southern
Pacific. He was escorted by them on
board the ferry-boat, where the party
immediately ascended to the upper
deck and took seats in the pilot-house.
He was in the best of health and said
he had enjoyed his trip across the
country. =-,v«-
Secretary Shaw expressed himself
as delighted with the trip, which, be
sides giving him an idea of the great
proportions of the bay, enabled him
to meet many of the representative
citizens of the State. Among those on
the excursion were General Mac Ar
thur. Major "P. TV. "West. "William B.
Hamilton, United States Senator
George C. Perkins, Captain Baker.
Major C. A. Devol, Governor Pardee.
Lieutenant J. C. Cantwell. "William,
Alvord. Surgeon Hugh S. Cummins.
Richard Melrose. M. A. Gunst. EL Mc-
Sweeney.. Rev. F. M. Larkin, Charles
A. Stephens, C. F. Bassett. "W. B. Lard
ner, C. TV. West. General G. R. Ver
non. G. E. Channing. S. L. Abbott.
J. B. Fuller. P. N. Lilienthal. H. T.
Oxnard. P. E. Bowles. F. J. Symmes.
TV. E. Palmer. TV. TV. Kaufman, Su
perior Judge F. H. Kerrigan. A. B.
Lemmon. A. G. Burnett. Supreme
Justice F. M. Angellotti. Supremo
Justice- Lucien Shaw. D. E. McKinlay,
Julius Kahn. J. C. Needham. E. R.
Lilienthal. E. F. "Woodward, J. R.
Knowland. Tirey L. Ford. G. R. Lur
kns, Superior Judge H. A. Melvin.
G. F. Chapman. M. C. Van Fleet.
A. Ruef. John McNaught. Hugh,
Burke, R. -P. Jennings. A. A. • TVat
kins, D. T. Cole. H. H. Lynch.
F. E. Beck. TV. J. Burns. United
States District Attorney il. B. TVood
worth.Dr. TV. G. Stimpson. Dr. Rupert
Blue. S. G. Murphy. Rudolph Herold
Jr., Professor Bernard Moses. TV. S.
"Wood. N. P. Chipman. Mayor Eugen*
E. Schmltz, TV. B. TVightman. F. S.
Stratton, George Stone. Chauncey M.
St. John and Dr. D. F. Ragan.
Iron "Works and Hunters Point. Re
turning she passed alongside tne -war
ships New York. Boston, Marblehead
and Bennington. As she glided by*
these different shixis the marina
guards on each were standing at at
tention and gave the regulation salut«
to the distinguished visitor.
Prominent Statesman and Member of Cab
inet Arrives and Is Guest of Citizens
and Federal Officials.
REPUBLICAN LEGIONS OPEN PRESIDENTIAL BATTLE
WITH CHEERS FOR ROOSEVELT AND FAIRBANKS
of California opened the Presidential campaign at the AUiambra Theater last night in enthusiastic and confident manner. A simple but masterly and convincing address by H on Leslie M. Shazi' of Iowa,
*V Secretary of ihe Treasury, was the chief event of the great demonstration. Governor George C. Pardee presided aiid many other eminent leaders of the party attended. The main floor and galleries of the specious theater
j were crowded before 8 o'clock, ihe time appointed for the epening. The popularity of Theodore Roosevelt -was amply attested by the inspiring applause which greeted the mention of his name.
1 LESLIE M:SHAiV- SECRETARY_ OF TREASURY.
CoafiLnu«d «n Pago -S9, Cotaran 2.
: : : Senatcr Proctor told me not ninety. days ago
that hi? Vermont marble works employed sev
eral v times > as much machinery Ia Use marble
Industry as all Use balance of the world, and
he ad&ed that th* United States consumes one
half af Use marble of Use world. I was aston
ished. : and he pointed to a cemetery with the
remark: "That. Is where . the , marble . of the
world goes. Xone of our people are too poor to
place a i little block at- Use heads* of the dear
ones. • They ¦ are not able to ' this In other
countries." ,
_~ Our,' DemocraUc friends insist that we should
seek the foreign market/ They are always
urslns that If we will' take' off our ' protective
tariff, " foreign countries- will emulate' our mag
nlniaiity. 1 While '.the Republican : party has not
neglected the foreign market, it has protected
the ;; fcome - market. And - with what result?
The last ; United States census gave oar Indus
trial commerce at ' $20,000,000,000. Th« sixty
'principal "s commercial countries) of >' the .world
export $10,000,000,000 worth of merchandise cf ;
one kind or another per annum.'. Our. domestic
+nto U JfaBs.twtea^fcaacmgata export trie*
. Ths party believes in a home
market. It believes In wages sufflcienUy high
to, enable our people to eat three meals per
day. sleeo between sheets, and place a roof,
owned or rented, over Use babies. In this It has
ever been successful. In proof of this I cite the
fact, well established by records, that the
American people consume one-quarter of the
cotton fiber of the world. One-twenUeth of the
people of the world could not consume one
quarter of the cotton fiber of Use world if they
were compelled to patch, and darn, and mend,
and j If they did not sometimes burn to ¦' save
laundry bills.
the pnrpese of revenue, and In part for Use
purpose . of building an Industry, and It has
been successful in beta.
BELIEVES IX MARKETS.
it as ray belief that any law that levies a tax
not fcr Use purpose. of raising a revenue to sup
port . the ' Government. '• but ¦ for . the purpose of
compelling; an- American, citizen to pay more
for the goods he must buy, I a. a perversion of
Goverroental cower and a idotrnrlght robbery.*'
, If ere I must" deny:' Mr/, Bailey's Intended 1 In
ference. .The Renubllean Dartyj does not : levy
tariff duties " for Use : purpose 0/ „ compelling
American rltlxens to pay more for goods. They
levy a orotective tariff for the purpose of In
ducing the DroducUon, !j within . the -United
States, of .,_tfce articles; on which | the, duty. Is
levied. -In. some' Instances It may " have re
sulted gi Increased ! prices,. but tbVpurpose^has"
never . beeni to .Increase '¦ iae ' price. iThs .' purpose
Is to build an industry,-: and .furnish 'employ
ment for labor.- The ' purpose • is -_ to ' make . a
1 home market '.for . the .product, of ,'American
j labor. TheDin<tIey ; tariff, for, instance, -levies
10 r*r cent on cut diamonds, .and admits:un
cut diimonds free. ; * Of course;, the duty_ of ; 10
per cent en' cut diamonds increases -their prlce.
¦What is Use result? v We have 2000 .jmen •; in
tb* • United, States -to-day.' cutUng ¦ diamonds,
making from $20 to $30 per "'day. •'• These 'dia
mond cutters spend their $10,000,000 or $15,000.
000 annual wages In one. way or another!"- 1 as
sume that ' they, like every one else,- spend 1 , in
one way or another most of their income. They
may { spend H in * the f purchase ; of t homes.. T[ of
furniture.^ or a; horse; and bucsj'i' and I they
certainly spend seme of it for foo<J and clothes.
In so doing 'they furnish 'employment; for; other
tollers. . I Insist , that , the protective.' tariff ; on
cut daljnonrts' has contributed to. the American
market to the extent of $10. 000,000 or. f 15.000,
000 rer > ann«lm.' * But 'it " has done \ violence \ to
Mr. Clark's theory that there should be a uni
form 3uty on ; luxuries; and * II > the DemocraUc
party i be j, right,- ; it ; has ' done ; violence ; to tiw
constitution t of i the .^United i States.:; for. this ) 10
per cent duty on cut diamonds -was not for the
'Stupes* «£ .mrsau* : oaljr. ; It '.was .-la J p*rt ; Xss?
I would be glad t3 review the period of pros
perity which we have enjoyed since the In
dorsement by Use American people of Us*
sound financial and economic policies pro
mulgated by the Republican party at St. Louis
CAMPAIGN'S REVIEWED.
was the Democratic platform of ISrz that
wrought the havoc.
everything. 1S32 was the best year this coun
try had ever seen. Locking for an issue t»
win a campaign upon, cir Democratic friends
declared protection both unwarranted by ta»
constitution and vicious. Listen to their tariff
plank of that year:
"We denounc* Republican protection as s>
frand and a robbery of the great majority oJ
the American people for the benefit of ta*
few. W» declare It ta be a fundamental prin
ciple of the DeasocraUc party that the Federal
Government has no constitutional power to
Impose and collect tariff duUes except for th»
purpose of revenue only."
A generation had grows up under Use pro
tective principle and knew nothing cf th*
evils that always have and always will and
always must result from a tariff for rrresu«
only. When every man. woman and child ia
the United States Is eating three full meal*
a day, the price of bread and meat and every
ether product of labor, aa well as labor itself,
will be reasonably high, and the demand for
cheaper living expenses will be quite popular.
As a matter of political expediency. "Down
with high-priced living expenses" wti net a
bad slogan la 1332.
Tb« DemocraUc party wa* successful at tha
polls, and they proceeded Immediately to make)
good their promise* cf giving Use people cheap
er Ilfing expenses. They were successful be
yond their most sasgulse expectation. Urine
expenses became so cheap that In all the larger
ciUes the good people organised Institution*
for the sola purpose of giving away th» neces
saries of life, and a million suffering women
and children were dally fed by charity, white
a minion men walked the streets tn vaia for
a day's work. I need not paint tha picture.
It Is stlil fresh In Use minds of all saa* men,
And now w« come to the campaign of ISM.
In ranting about for an Issue oa which our
Democratic friends could wta that eampaiga
they found It necessary to forsake Us* plat
form on which they had been successful la
1S92. There was nothing ta that platform
that could bo used again. But ti» People's
party In 1S92 had declared In favor ef Us*
free and unlimited coinage ef direr as Us*
ratio of 18 to 1 with gold, without tie aid or
consent cf any other nation, and during Us*
four years of Mr. Cleveland's adminlstraUoa
conditions favored the propagation cf that eco
nomic doctrine. During these tonr years Users
were many who fait Us* need o! &ar* meaty,
and they thought perchaac* Us* free celsag*
of silver 'would sopply that need. There wer*
""T who felt the need of a cheaper dollar,
and they thought perchance a proviiisn 67
which Use Government should eo!a fifty eests*
worth of silver bulUcn lsto a legal tender
dollar, without expense ta Us* ewser. sight
relieve, cr at least mitigate, their sufferings.
This, mark yon. was not aa original Demo
cratic doctrine. It was Us* doctrin* of th*
Populist party. General Jaaea B. .Weaver*
of my Stats, had Use honor of belag a PrssJ
denUal candidate with free coinage- ef sfivsr
as Use paramount Issue four years prior t*
Us* nomination of William. Jennings Brraa
at Chicago. But looking for an Isso* es
which a campaign might be. won. oar Demo
cratic friends thought there was* nothing mer*
promising than this Populiscic issae, asd they
held tbe:r convention first asd tock it. pot it
In their platform and called It Jeffersanlaa
Democracy. It was not. fcr Jefferson la ca
record in favor of the single gold standard.
They said It was Jacksonian Democracy. . It
was not. Genera] Jackson Is on record In favor
of Use single gold standard. But Use campaign
was fought, and. moat fortunately for th*
American people, having little else ta ds»
they studied statecraft for ninety days asd
saved themselves. It is na disparagement of
the candidate or President to say that ti»
unprecedented prosperity that w* hav* en-
Joyed is traceable In far greater degre* V>
the indorsement of the St. Louis platform of
1KW than to the election of William McKin
ley. The Government is always safe wbea
its principles are correct. • whoever holds U»»
offices. Measures, not men. make cr break
ths American people. It was not Grover
Cleveland who ruined us in the eariy 9V». It
DEMOCRATS HTTNT ISSUES.
- I never Indulge but one criticism oX .the
Democratic party. I concede that some of the
highest minded, some of Use best educated.
some of the most patriotic and some of the
best men In the world disagree with me poliU
eally. I never allow myself to quarrel with
them. But for some years I think I haTe
sever spoken without Indulging this criticism.
I never Indulge it. however, without explain
ing that If any one. when I am through, will
say to me. frankly.. "I think. Mr. Shaw, your
criticism was' unjust and unsupported by the
facts." then I will never Indulge It again.
My criUclsm Is this:- It seems to rae thiat Use
leaders of the Democratic party are exercising
more anxiety to discover an Issue on which
to win a campaign than in formulating a wise
policy for. the management cf the Govern
ment after they have won their campaign. I
have stated this criticism In a score of States
and I, have never heard Its Justice questioned.
If time would permit I would be glad to
review^ each and every campaign since the
organization of the Republican party, and I
think I ¦ would be able to show that la each
and every campaign since 1560 our political
opponents have been controlled by expediency
rather :than by principle. I 'will content my
self, however, with beginning with the cam
paign, of isaa.
The year 1S92 was the most , prosperous this
country had ever seen. Measured ..' by the
amount • of business done, measured by • the
money. on deposit In th« banks. • measured . by
wages * paid. ¦ measured by prices ; of < commodl-
Uea.'»«»«ure4 bj. acjtilBX as4 satasursd fcr
of Use world. I submit that this Is worth lock
lag after. But tn proof of my previous state
ment that the Republican party has not ne
glected the export trade, the United States has
the largest export trade of all these sixty
countries, and more than one-eighth of tha
aggregxta.
But I cresum* that my friends. Clark aad
Bailey, would, if pressed, seek shelter behind
an Incorrect definition cf free trade. Mr.
Baile) said In hi* late speech:
"Whatever and Individual Democrat, or. ta
deed. what all the Democrats might think
about free trade as a theory, the dullest maa
la this crowd knows perfecUy well that free
trade Is aa utter Impossibility la this re
public"
I make the assertion without fsar of «*en
an attempt at costradlcUoa that free trade
aad tariff for reveaue only are ldeaUcaL This
Is proved, as we lawyers say. In the hornbooks.
All elementary works on political economy use
the terms synonymously. Great Britain Is
notoriously a free trade country. It is the
only free trade country oZ aay Importance.
Tet England raises' more tariff revenu.9 per
capita than the United States. Her tariff
revenues exceed $4 per capita and our tariff
revenues are about S3 50. But Great Britain
levies her tariff for revenue only. She levies
none for protecUon. We levy some for reve
nue, but mostly for protection.
Note the difference between the English
theory and the Republican theory. Great
Britain, for Instance, levies a tariff on tea
and coffee. Of course it is a traiff for reve
nue only. We placed a duty on tea during the
Spanish War. It was for revenue only, and
after the war was over a&d the revesu* was
no longer needed It was repealed. Neither
England nor the United States ever placed a
duty on tea for the purpose of e&couragl&g the>
growth of tea in Great Britain or the United
States. A tariff for revenue only does ad
vance the price of necessaries to the people.
The Republican party places a tariff en sugar,
and I am not prepared to say that It does not
advance the price of sugar. I do know, how
ever, that its purpose Is to encourage the
beet sugar Industry. In the. United States. We
have the capacity to produce our own sugar,
and its growth would furnish employment for
a very large number of people, and Use agri
cultural lands thus employed would not b»
In competition with the wheat lands. Tne
lands that would then grow beets are now
growing wheat or corn. The Republican party
does not legislate for the purpose of advancing
the price of products to the American con
sumer, but it legislates In the Interest of the
American home market. It believes in build
ing diversified Industries. It believes In fur
nlehlng employment for every man who desires
work by protecting the product of his toll from
open compeUUon with those who are content
to live on a lower plane and from, those who.
In periods of foreign depression, are willing t»
dump their surplus upon our market regardless
of price.
"Democrats divide all Imports Into three
classes— necessaries, comforts and luxuries, and
contend that the tariff duties should be highest
on luxuries. lower en comforts and lowest or
none at all on necessaries. They furthermore
say that taxes should be uniform oa all arti
cle? belonging to one class." '
Senator BaUey.of Texas; another good friend
of mine and a splendid fellow,' opened the cam
pslgn t few nights ago In Brooklyn and said:
"I do a«t hyrttto ft rtT *t*^l lamrtrn* +~ 'I'^sjtj
Here Is a declaration that It is a funda
mental principle of the DemocraUc party that
the Government has no constitutional rirht to
levy a. orotective tariff, for a protective tariff,
though It may produce a revenue, is not "for
the purpose of .revenue only." A tariff, for
revenue only Is not a tariff for the protection of
some. And I also assume that Mr. Clark did
not exoect the convention over which he pre
sided to again J-jsUfy the charge which ha
pronounces mendacious; but it. did; It said:
"We denounce protection as robbery of the
many to enrich the few."_
I think Mr. Clark would be JusUfied In calling
a Republican speaker mendacious who would
choree that the Democratic party is ia favor
of "robbery cf the many to enrich the few."
The Democratic party ought to stand some
place' within the ring during a campaign. I
am willins that they shall chocse their corner,
but I do insist that they shall not crawl under
the rope without throwing up the sponge. They
must cither stand for protecUon or against It.
They Ceclired against it in 1S92. and they
have never retracted cr apolcgited. The
American Deoxle .remember. But If they were
f orjetf uL they sUll read, and they have" read
tb* red»crtion that protecUon is "mbbery of
the" many, to enrich the lAw." Mr. Clark fur
ther eh id: j
I make the charge, and I am neither ig
norant oa that subject nor xnendacioua, aad I
have no uakiad feelings toward my personal
friend. Champ Clark. I assume that Mr.
Clark had himself forgotten, and supposed
the American people had forgotten, the Demo
craUc tariff plank of 1S92, which said:
"We denounce Reoubiican protection as '-a
fraud and a robbery cf.the great majority of
the American ""people fcr the beneflt of the
few. "We declare It to be a fundamental prin
ciple of the "Democratic party that tha Federal
Government has ao consUtuUonai power to Im
pose asd collect tariff duUea except for the
purpose of revenue only." ¦ ~* _ ;.:
PRODUCERS ARE PROTECTED.
Applying this, the Republican party baa al
ways sought to protect the American pro
ducer, while the DemocraUc party Is a free
trade party. I do not say that DemocraUo
voters are all free traders, but I speak of the
party as a party. And I say this •mindful of
the fact that Hoa. Champ Clark In his speech
as permanent chairman of the last Democratic
National Convention, In charging the Repub
lican party with attempUng to get votes under
false pretenses, used this language:
"One of their false pretenses — the one oa
which they harp en the most this year— Is
that the DemocraUc party is In favor of free
trade. The charge Is utterly false. There are
individual Democrats who are free traders.
just as there are individual Republicans who
are atheists; but It would be precisely as true
and fair to denounce the Republican party aa
a party of atheists as to denominate the Dem
ccraUc party as a party of free trade. It
never w&» a free trade party aad is not now.
The man who charges that it Is does so be
cause of Igncrance or mendacity."
therefore a producer, although he does not
own the object upen which his toll la ex
r«ended. nor the resultant of that tolL And
every citlren. active or Idle, is a consumer of
food products, clothing and other necessaries
of Ufe. He may also be a consumer of large
Quantities of building material and of manu
facturing material and of purchased labor.* .
The Democratic party invariably and always
makes iu appeal to the voter from the stand
point of the consumer. It never tells the
laborer that it Is all-important that he have
good wages, "but it continually tells him that
it is all-Important that he have cheap living
expenses. It never tells the farmer that the
prlcaaf farm products is a matter of Im
portance or worthy of "his consideration, but
It continually tells him that the price cf nails
and of barbed wire and of window ; glass and
of kerosene oil and of carpet "tacas is of great
moment. The Democratic party has always
and does aow inein that the consumer Is Im
posed upon whenever anything can be ob
tained anywhere cheaper than la the market ia
which he buys. On the contrary, the Re
publican party tells the producer that his In
terests are being neglected whenever it Is
possible to Eecure a better market tor the
things he has to sell than the market In which
he sells. The DemocraUc party always insists
that it Is unimportant who produces that
which we consume, providing It is cheap. The
Republican party Insists that It . Is relatively
of no importance what price we pay providing
the price when paid passes Into the hands of
one who will In turn be a consumer of our
products. The Republican party believes in
the principles so aptly stated by Abraham
Lincoln: "If I understand this," said Mr.
Lincoln, "when we buy a toa of steel rails
abroad we get the rails and the foreigner gets
the money; but when we buy a ton of steel
rails produced at home, we get both the ralla
aad the money."
a cansuaier. He may be a producer ef labor
and have nothing to sell but labor. , He is,
nevertheless, a producer. And the purchaser
of his labor will also be a producer — a pro
ducer cf farm products, or of mineral products,
or cf factory products, or of transportation, as
the case may be. The humblest toller Is
Xn acfilesce representing the best
citizenship cf California crowded the
AJhar-bra Theater last evening: on the
occasion of the formal opening: of the
Presidential campaign by the Republi
cs r.s.
The address of Leslie M. Shaw cf
Iowa. Secretary of the Treasury, was
captivating and convincing:. In every
*cnre of the term the distinguished
Cabinet officer "made good." He wen
the rapt attention of his hearers at
the cutset and maintained It to the
finish, two hours later. He defined the
policies and principles of the Republi
can party in sty3e characteristic of
Fimplicity and sincerity. Parables
rxMcted and pithy added to the effect of
the speech. In many of the remarks
£Ei£e there were flashes of true humor
ihat edified The audience.
The utterance of patriotic sentiments
ir.$?ir>id enthusiasm and prolonged
cheerinp. Notable demonstrations fol
lowed his references to the splendid
Personality cf Theodore Roosevelt. The
integrity of the President, his ambition
to promote the welfare of all the people
r>f the land and so promote the great
ness and prosperity of the American
ration evoked great demonstrations of
approval.
Along: about the middle of the speech
the Secretary announced that the au
dience would sing: "America." and after
the sir.jrirg he would resume his re
marks. He informed his hearers that
Mr. Knapp would lead the singing.
Th*>re was quite a lot of merriment
"hen it transpired that George A.
Knfgfct was the distinguished individ
ual that the Secretary had in mind
cvbes he spoke of Mr. Knapp. Sub
s»<ju*m!y it was explained that Mr.
Knight was an crator and not a
finger. "America." however, was ren
dered in good style, the band leading
i.udJLb9 ¦fmdience singing. At the con
cS'jsii'n of the hymn Secretary Shaw
:csum»^ his speech. It was the judg
ment of General Stone. Senator Per
k!cs. Governor Pardee. J. C. Needham.
• "• r.:rr> fsior.al Nominee S. C. Smith
and *nher eminent Republicans that
Ihe speech of the Secretary was one
of the greatest ever delivered in Cali
fornia.
Th^ meeting was opened at the ap
pointed time. In a few sentences Gen
eral George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee,
announced that the distinguished
\:s::or who had traveled across the
continent to address an audience in
Fan Francisco would be introduced by
the foremost native son cf California.
Hen. George C. Pardee. Governor of
the State. Great cheering hailed this
announcement and when the applause
wrma in a measure hushed Governor
P&rdee said:
Ladtea and Gentlemen: We are assembled
r»re thit evening to renew cur allegiance to
the great party which for more than forty
>»ars has brought Into beirg all the good
thing* »:th whica our common country has
l*en ti^ssed. the party that has honored and
y i» b*m ri^ncred bv Liccc'.n aad Grant. Gar
fteld aed Elaine. McKinley and Roosevelt. We
» c k a rrorpercus asd protcr«s!ng country
¦w heti»r the American people are willing to
turn their backs ui>ca a party which bat
»;rrt short years ago came into power and.
f.r.ding & barkmrt treasury and a people «uf
f*rir« for brea.d and beftrl'g for work, tock
ui> the ta*k wtich cn!y four years of Cleve
landiEm hti made bo heavy and turned, within
two jean, disaster into prosperity, distress
l-to hapFir.ess end poverty into afSuenee under
the guiding hand and rnighty wisdom of Wil
liam McK:s:ey.
It it not cece«s»ry to recall to ycu those
dreadful ttoes cf *83. '84 and '95. when want,
despair, b*?*.-=j-tcy an 3 starvation marked
-.fee ccurse of Cleveland'e administration; when
factories were shut cWa ar.d banks cicsed
tbeir docri en all eides; when the streets
were fc'.J d Idle sce= locking !a rala fcr
work to keep their wives *sd chilSrea Iroa
»a=t and starvation: when tier* were 6000
vacant bouses as* rttsres ?n Saa Francisco. ;
with I00.O00 fewer pe??>:e then «ae *¦»« sow;
wh*s crly a few of t^ were rich enough to
fcave d'.rr.er jsails and acne cf those we had
were full; wfcea Ccrey*t name iras ca ti: our
tcrgue* ani s;u;hsuses asd free lodgings oa
tb» sand lct« were Eeeexsary to keep thca
¦aafia cf American citizens from the pciter's
SelS. Ton rrmember all these things cr
cn.y eight years ago, ••-rht years that have
trade t:»*ed the same of McKIsIey; eight
years that have nrted mortgages froea cnicas
of American heses; eight yearn that hare
f.::ed cur ha r, Vt ta overflcwisg with the jall
liccs ef dcHars placed there by American j>eo
ple who eight years ago had nothing; eight
J^ars that have aeen a natica grow as no
other cation ever grew. In wealth and hap
r'.cess and prosperity; eight years la which
maa fcught aad xlos a fcrelga war during
•which cur wea'th increased by leaps aad
bcuidi. tsd the country « Indurtrfe* were oever
befcre eo activ*; eight years cf aU that makes
• s^-tion etrirg; eight years of RepubiScaclsm;
««bt jtars cf McKinley and Roosevelt; and
*** war.t four years lEore cf Roosevelt, with
Fairbaski as his coadjutor.
DKMOCR-ITIC CONVENTION'.
It r,^ ssy 8 ood fcrtune to be In St. Louii
fiiira^ the time that our g-iod Democratic
:».i:ew cJt;=crj were havlcr their quadrem^al
roundup. I watched, with the greitest inter
est, the way !n which that great conventitn
w> buiioed into accepting as it» ctanUard
btsrer the errtwhile sptlrix of Escpu* It was
a &arv«lous thing ta f«« how T&asely the party j
that had i».irf Flaked iu all cpsn free silver
BUtattteg to the telerraphic rpurrtag o. - the •
rsin * to had tuice supportt^J sod voitd fcr !
Brjan er.l free sJJvcr. la l&a and asuin In I
U00 Ja<l r Parker txid Hry^n was rigat when j
Iu proihsi-.-d tuuiona! ruin H th* gold staad
mi were adopttd. But ia I3wi the DemocraUc
KortJrt- ror President. «rur the ' convention
tad been hypnotised into Jn«itins into It* plat
ioraj a financial »!ank that means nothic S
and iays: "Xo free »;!v<r man caa be Prcsi
<-ti; Jrre rilver 1« « j^ad lfc«.j*; i et ' 8 try a-d
tool tfce country u ne'«iid thte ccnventiar. "l
cm new (smtt =ind Wtut I was before) a rial
i;r-.oo-rurt. eishteen-carat goidbug »-jtt a! J
ttate of BDdvd !-gs £ .vJ *i a; , ftt;ers/ .
And mat gr«ai conv«j-Jaa. siniuaxsad t . it
»^-e, into i=wi»iblUt>- by tb* June's teicgram
-la list me wen rooli«a; ta. 2900 ir*. wen >
For half a century . the Republican party
and. the Democratic party have been rivals In
seeking the suffrzee* ot the ; people. To the
extent that they have sought the suffrages of
the peoj>!« in support of the principles and
economic ideas taught *¦ by . them thev have
been in the truest and best sense political
rattles; but to the extent that they have
eousht | the suffrages of the people for the
emoluments of oiflce or for - the honors of
political supremacy they have been ; aggrega
tions of demagogues and unworthy of the suf
frages of anybody. -'¦
Every acme ciUaaa la both a. producer aad
Politics Is not a squabble for ofnee. Politics
Is the science of self-government. The issues
of a campaign do not hire their beginning
and endinr . in the election of men to office.
Candidates are csually acceptable men. The
Issues of a campaign are between measures,
cot between men. A political party must be
something mere, than an aggregation of or flee
eeekers. A political tatty ought at least to
represent some principle of self-government
and it ought to #tand for the same principles
of self-government ¦ continuously. . :
Perhaps few of us recegniM the Importance
ef political campaigns. Neither mathematics,
nor pclence, eor statecraft are among the
natural intuitions of the human mind. They
must all be acquired. And about the only
tine that the American people study statecraft
Is daring a national campaign. Self-govern
ment is the hardest task erer yet undertaken
by laaa and If the American people continue
a self-governing and self-governed people It
will be because the rask and file study the
ecieeee of **lf-~>vernisent. Tea insist that
your representatives In Cosgress ehall under
stand the rroj-osiUons befcre the Congress
and you demand that they so vote as to best
conserve yocr interests. I am here insisting
that you at the polls shall so vote as to con
serve my Interests. I am here to demand the
same character, if not tie same degree of
BtatesmansctD at the pells as you demand on
the floors cf legislative bodies. State and
national.
The references In the Governor's
speech to President Roosevelt's sterling:
character and the brief review of his
work in the direction of the isthmian
canal enterprise elecited mighty shouts
of approval. There way a tumult of
applause, repeated and renewed, when
Secretary Shaw stepped forward in re
sponse to the Governor's introductory
remarks. The Secretary invited silence
by the motion of his hands. When
tranquillity was renewed he paid a
merited complJment to the audience.
OPENS THE CA3IPAIGX.
Secretary Shaw then spoke as fol
lows:
I. fcr cue. am glad they are. They tay that
be Is Impetuous. Maybe he Is. But where
has his Impetuosity gene wrong? We wanted
the Pestoffice thieves prosecuted. Roosevelt
waa impetuous *no-rh to send a half dozen
of them to Jail. We wanted the railroad
mergers broken up. Roosevelt's Impetuosity
did It.' xratViaTel'tEr coal "strike settled.
Roosevelt's impetuosity settled it. "We wanted
the isthmus canal. Had Jt not been for Roose
velt's impetuosity it would still be in the
dim and —.:¦::•- future. I like that kind of
impetuosity. It is the kind of impetuosity
that does things. It is the kind cf impetuosity
that scunis good to Americans and gives them
a feeling that we have as President a man
who can be depended npen to do whatever is
necessary to be done.
Lincoln cnc» said to seme one whi complained
to him that Grant was drinking whisky: "Ten
don't know what kind he drinks, do you? I'd
K-Ed a hogshead of it to each of our genera !s
if I thought it would make them as good
generals as he is." And. as- for me. I would
like to give all our public men a dose of
RDOsevelt'* impetuosity if it would make them
do the thills he has done.
Lfisc year California was honored by the
presence o' the President. You saw him. you
heard him and you recognized in him a true
American, patriotic, with only the highest and
best motives ever uppermost In tls mind.
Clean, hcne*t and with that kind of Im
petuosity which does things. With a sound
mind in a sound body, it is safe to say that
Roosevelt's coining four years as President will
be as successful ac his past three have be»n.
I told him a few weeks ago that California
would give him a majority that would over
shadow til other Republican majorities she
ever gave. Was I right? Will she do it?
Cries cf "yes! yes'."
Secretary of the Treasury Shaw, one of the
President's official family, has come to Cali
fornia to te'.l us something mere than we al
ready know ef his chief, and to recall to oar
minds things which in a national campaign
It Is well for us to remember. Mr. Secretary,
a Saa Francisco audience Is before you. I feel
•ure that yea will roon be friends. Ladies
asd graUemen, Secretary Shaw.
Four and eight years ago our opponents
could talk of nothing but free silver, and
they prophesied all manner cf evils if gold
were made the standard. This year you can't
ret them to eay a word about silver. But
they are trying to make an issue out of
Roosevelt.
FREE SILVER ABANDONED.
eraxy! Tee, T«rUy, ear rroshet of silver tu
a false preyhet: ttfa get a sold one now. if
it will fool the American r*ople and rive us
the effke* sow held by th«se Republicans.
"crucify us.' ch Judge, 'upon this cross of geld
and cress dewn ut>cn our brows this crown of
teems.' The campaign will last bu; a few
weeks, aad then we'll coxa* down Irom the
gold cress and take eff our crowns of thorns;
we caa stand it a little whi'.e if it will only
;<ut us back Into cface again."
Asd think cf Bryan, the aj>o*t5* of fre«
stiver, the oaa who fo-r years a;o denounced,
as "minions of Wall street," even" one who
was net for free silver; think ol Bryan eup
i>ortlnff for President a nominee who says that
there is no crest of told and no crown o£
thorns! Without that cross and that crown
there wouid have been no Bryan. And now/
••most unk:ntlest cut of all." JuSge Parker says
that he and Bryan and ail the rest of t)K
I>mocratic party were chasing shadows in
lS»e and 1900 when they a!l were denouncing
paid. The swallowing cf Jonah by the whale
has always b«n considered a miracle. But
this gastronomic feat was nowhere rear so
miraculcus as that which the Democratic n»a
iree fcr Pr*«idect made his party devour when
it swallowed its i>latfornis of 1SJK5 and 3300,
and forced Bryan to lunch on the cross of gold
and crown of thorns. If that meal does not
rive tie henest, conscientious rank and file of
the Democratic party an acute attack of po
litical indigestion, they can safely -be trusted
to sartak? cf any sort of a political dish of
crow.
Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury,
Delivers a Simple but Masterly
and Convincing Address.
S&a XTaadsco and vicinity— I
Pair Sunday, with teg la the
mossing and. tn the afternoon
Uffht soxtthwest winds, rhanginr
to brisk wertcrlr.
A. O. McASZS,
District Forecaster.
Forecast made at Saa ?raa>
Cisco *cr thirty toon eadia*
xalfirlzht, September 4:
7KB WSATSES.
TXL2J TSSATSX8L
Alctar — "STatlxaa Hale."
California — "Sapno."
Central — "Tie Tixwt Bom." SCat
iaee To-Day.
Columbia — "Candida" and M Ta*
Man of Dertlay."
Fischer's — "AUmumi Pn*H."
atatineo To-Bay.
Majestic— "tn t&« Palac* of ta»
King." -
Orpbram — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
TItoU — 'The Toreadoz." Matinee.
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 95
FORTY-SIX PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1904— PAGES 27 TO 36.PARIS, Sept. 3.— The battle of Lt
aoyang attracts intense interest^ and
anxiety among the French officials
and public generally, as likely to prova
the turning point of the war. The
Foreign Onice construes the latest ad
ivices received . here this afternoon as
showing that General Kuropatkin haa
suffered a serious check, though not
yet amounting to a defeat or a; rout
The officers continue to say that hs
is executing a plan of slow withdraw
al toward Mukden, giving dogged re
sistance as he falls back. Military
experts point out that the magnitude
of the battle' is than'. any
fought during 'the Franco-German
War, the siege of Metz involving; 350,-
QOO'merv on both sides, whereas .there
were more than 400,000 at Liaoyang.
The Figaro says it Is the greatest
fight since the battle of Leipsic. The
newspapers here reprint the Berlin
Tageblatt's statement that King.-Ed
ward's visit to the Emperor, of .Aus
tria brought out a mediation move
ment, to which, the United States and
France are parties. When questioned
on the subject to-day the Foreign Of
fice here replied:
'"Owing to the frequency of ;such
reports you are authorized to state
that France has had absolutely • no
communication with Russia up to the
present relative to mediation." &Z.- .
- : - The authorities here are hoping for
an early determination of the . status
of the Russian cruiser Diana, now. at
Saigon, but reports to-day show thai
she j is . still there, with , her '¦'¦ crew , on
beard; that- she has not f entered f the
repair dock and that her commander
is Btill awaiting. orders ',....'
'Madame ' Nelidoff, : wif e of the Rus
sian Embaasadox to France, is at Tea* '
ance asrllc Retires Northward.
Kuroputldn 31a king Dossed Resist-
WITHDRAWING UPON MUKDEN.
BERLIN, Sept. 3. — The Foreign Of
ficer has official advices from Tokio to
day that General Kuropatkin's posi
tion is by no means desperate. _The
matn portion of his army is still heavli
ly engaged, and part drawn off
successfully. The Russian army is not
encircled.
Germans Do Not Regard Kuropatkin's
Position ns Despernte.^.-.^.y
1 RUSSIANS NOT ENCIRCLED.
Unless you get along- without medi-
cine, you are not. getting 'along very
well. £ - A ¦:¦ -I r :,;._. ; . ; -;.v v
vi'e are fuslling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall," the best Jl fountain
pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market street. •
Good Points to . Remember.
General Stakelberg was slightly
wounded in the fighting before Liao
yang on August 31. He did not,
however, have to leave the field. A
dispatch from St. Petersburg, dated
September 1, said General Stakelberg
still retained command of his army
corps, although he was no longer in
chief command Of- the southern army.
. In a dispatch from, Liaoyang, dated
August 31. General Stakelberg: was de
scribed as personally having visited
and inspected the various Russian po
sitions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 3.—Gen
eral Baron Stakelberg, whose com
mand has been cut off by the Japan
ese, was in command of the Russian
troops that marched south in June in
an attempt to relieve Port Arthur. He
was defeated at Vafangow by the Jap
anese on June 14 and 1-6, and it has
been rumored that Emperor Nicholas
had decided to recall him because of
this defeat This rumor was never
confirmed.
Already in Disfavor Because" of the
VafanROw Defeat.
ILL LUCK OF STAKELBERG.
RUSSIANS ABANDON GUNS.
Unable to Remove Them Through the
Mud During the Retreat.
MUKDEN, Friday, Sept. 2. — After
six days' battle, on the last three of
which the heaviest fighting occurred,
the Japanese on Wednesday last
abandoned ' their direct attack | on
Liaoyang in favor of a flanking move
ment. The Russian artillery fire was
greatly aided by the sending up of
balloons southeast of Liaoyang, thus
locating the Japanese batteries. The
Russians were compelled to abandon
a number of guns, being unable to
remove them through the mud.
On Wednesday Japanese shells
reached the railroad station and the
railroad bridge over the Taitse River.
Others fell as far north as Yentai. The
railroad is being used almost exclu
sively by hospital trains and for the
transportation of Japanese prisoners.
The latter are in a dreadful state of
exhaustion. Many of them had been
without food for two ¦ days, during
which downpours . of rain filled the
trenches. Their shoes are in tatters.
PORT ARTHUR SHIPS GO OUT.
Remnant of the Russian Fleet Shells
the Japanese Positions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept." 3.—Art
vices from Port Arthur, datsi August
31, announce that Rear Admiral Ouk
tomsky's squadron went out August
2i> and shelled the Japanese position!?.
The- squadron consisted of the bat
tleships Retvizan and Pereaviet, the
armored cruiser Bayan and the pro
tected cruiser Pallada. This in the
first Intimation that the repairs of the
Bayan had been completed.
The vessels put to sea early in the
morning, under cover of the batter
ies, and returned safely after accom
plishing their mission.
The message adds that the Japan
ese are bombarding the fortress daily
and nightly, but are not causing se
rious damage, the inhabitants seeking
refuge in the bomb-proofs. This mes
sage, which was sent from Chefu, de
clares the Japanese continue to pro
vision their, armies from Weihaiwei
and Chefu, loading steamships outside
of these ports. . ,
CHEFU, Sept. 3.; 9 p. m. — On the
night of August 29 the Japanese sur
prised the worn out Russians at Pali
chuang and inflicted severe losses. The
Russians retired and the Japanese oc
cupied th6ir position.
The next morning at 3 o'clock the
Japanese, moving from their new van
tage ground, in- heavy force desper
ately assaulted Palichuang aria an ad
joining fort repeatedly until 2 o'clock
in the afternoon, when j they were
compelled to, retire, losing more than
1000 men.
Finding those forts impregnable, on
the morning after the 31st, at .4
o'clock, the Japanese forces hurled
themselves against another fort near
Palichuang. , By hand-to-hand fight
ing they succeeded in driving' out the
Russians and occupying their position
at '7 o'clock in the morning. Artil
lery was brought up and desperate ef
forts were made to make the position
secure, but after enduring for seven
hours the artillery fire from the other
forts the Japanese were compelled to
retire. The Japanese succeeded, how
ever, in rendering the position useless
to the Russians and it is now unoccu
pied.
- It is believed that this weakening
of the Russian line will attract fur
ther efforts to break through in this
quarter.
The bombardment of the town con
tinues.
RUSSIAN SHIPS IN ACTION.
A copy of the Port Arthur No\1
Krai . of August 27 has reached here.
The paper speaks of the Russian bat
tleship Retvizan having shelled Jap
anese troops who appeared near the
village of Wudianfan, and this would
indicate that some of the" Russian
warships at Port Arthur are not so
seriously damaged as the reports from
Chinese sources have represented.
The Novi Krai confirms, the official
Japanese report that the Japanese
cruisers Kasuga and Nisshin bombard
ed two small forts near Golden Hill
some time ago, but it does not say
that these forts were silenced, as the
Japanese reported. These two forts
are in the vicinity of Wudianfan,
which is commanded by fort No. 2.
The Japanese mounted eight guns in
front- of -Wudianfan on August 25 and
have established one large and one
small fort to the northeast of the vil
lage. It was a detachment of Japan
ese cavalry and infantry, which ap
peared in the open in the vicinity of
•Wudianfan, that the Retvizan aided in
causing to retire. A gun of one of the
new Japanese forts was struck by a
Russian shell and ruined. The ac
count published In the Novi Krai does
not go into details, but the inference
is obvious that the Japanese have
been assaulting the smaller Russian
forts dominated by Golden Hill. The
paper makes reference to a trench
along the hills and remarks that only
the heads of the Japanese troops can
be seen above It
ASK FOR AID TO REMOVE DEAD.
On the night of August 25, accord
ing to the Novi Krai, a piece of white
paper on the end of a pole was hoist
eel above the Japanese trenches. The
Russians ceased fire and sent a de
tail forward to communicate with the
enemy. The Japanese, in imperfect
Russian, requested assistance in re
moving their dead. The Novi Krai
considers this request to have been
strange considering the fact that the
Japanese do not allow the Russians
to remove their dead.
At 3 o'clock on the morning of Au
gust 26 a Russian searchlight. revealed
the Japanese troops opposite fort No.
1. beginning operations, and thereupon
the entire Russian line opened upon
the enemy* with rifle fire, occasionally
usr'ng cannon. .
In reply the Japanese fired irregu
larly at fort No. 3. — .. '..
Daylight revealed the startling
fact that the Japanese had advanced
a trench to the north of fort No. 2.
This. trench was manned heavily with
artillery, which interfered seriously
with the Russian fire.
The Japanese then opened fire with
six-inch guns on the hill known as
the Eagle's Nest, In "the meanwhile
continuing to use sand bags for the
further strengthening of their newly
CHRONOLOGY OF THE BATTLE.
Aug. 28. — The Japanese armies under
Generals Kuroki, Oku and Nodzu
made a combined attack on the Rus
sian position in front of Liaoyang.
Oku's forces were held . back by the
Buriat Cossacks.
Aug. 29.— The Japanese drove General
Kuropatkin from Anshanshan and he
fell back upon the outer line of de
fenses of Liaoyang. The Japanese de
stroyed part of the railroad leading to
Mukden. A heavy artillery and infan
try battle was fought near Liaoyang.
General Kuroki's troops crossed
Taitse River on a flanking movement
Aug. 30. — Kuropatkin avoided a de
cisive . "battle at Liaoyang. The
trenches and forts of the city were still
held by the Russians.
Aug. 31. — The Russians repelled an
attack on Liaoyang. Four hundred
thousand troops engaged in a desperate
hand-to-hand flght in front of the city.
When darkness fell the battle was a
draw. j
Sept 1. — Ten thousand of the Mika
do's troops were slain in battle in front I
0/ Liaoyang. The greatest flght of the :
campaign lasted all day and the Jap- |
anese were repulsed time and again, ;
only to return to the attack. General i
Samsonoff .captured forty-six Japanese j
guns and two battalions of the enemy. ]
Sept 2.— Kuropatkin;; forced fromi
Liaoyang, sent a strong force torthei
outlying defenses of the city,, practical-,;
ly evacuating it. The Japanese pressed j
the enemy toward the Taitzho. The de
cisive con/llct of the campaign opened, i
Sept. 3. — The report of the evacuation !
of Liaoyang was confirmed. Kuroki •
advanced steadily "toward the railroad.'
Kuropatkin prepared for a tremendous 1
struggle. Liaoyang was reported, in
flames. General Stakelberg's Siberian 1
army corps was cut off and imperiled, i
The report from Tokio of Oyama
throwing the bulk of his army across
the Taitse River . Is considered at the
"War Office to indicate that the Japa
nese are rushing up reinforcements to
support Kuroki, the necessity for
whose relief may be urgent. .
The Tokio estimate of the Japanese
losses up to yesterday as being 25,000
is regarded her as moderate. The War
Office is not in possession of sufficient
data to estimate the Russian losses,
but it is believed that they will reach
15,000. ¦> -\: .;,.';
The fighting at Sykwantun referred
to in General Kuropatkin's telegram
corresponds with the Tokio report of
the capture by the Japanese of a por
tion of the heights at Helyingtai, which
Is situated a mile eastward of Sykwan
tun. The latter place is two miles south
east of Siakhoutin, whither the Russian
advance regiment was forced back by
Kuroki during the night of Thursday
last : ¦ : i*-*' : v:
"I have just received a dispatch from
the chief of the Liaoyang garrison,
timed 10:35 a. m., to the effect that the
Japanese attacked the fort situated in
the center of our position, but they
were repulsed with vdry great loss. We
had six men killed in the fort."
"During the night the Japanese vio
lently bombarded the interior of the
Russian position inside the town of
Liaoyang, the railroad station and the
railroad itself. Our losses were insig
nificant.
"At nightfall on Thursday the Japa
nese attacked our Sykwantun position,
but were repulsed after a hot fight.
They renewed the attack at night, this
time with success, driving back a regi
ment in the direction of Sakutun. The
retreat of the regiment led to the evac
uation of the positions held by other
troops. Toward morning the troops ad
varfced gradually in order to retake the
Sykwantun position.
"At dawn on Friday I assumed the
offensive against the troops of General
Kuroki's army. At midday the heads
of the attacking corps were in line and
preparations w;ere being made to retake
by artillery the position captured dur
ing the night by the Japanese, and the
infantry also is advancing to the at
tack. ' :
The General Staff to-day reconsidered
its determination not to make public
General Kuropatkin's dispatch to the
Emperor of yesterday, and the text was
given out, as follows:
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 3.— General
Oku yesterday afternoon assaulted one
of the strong Russian positions on the
Liaoyang side, which it is presumed
guarded bridges, but he was repulsed
with exceedingly heavy losses, the Rus
sians behind their works suffering only
slightly. The 'Japanese are using siege
guns on the Liaoyang side.
Kuropatkin did not delay after his
concentration on the right bank. Yes
terday morning he massed bis artillery
and at noon began to bombard Kuroki'a
position preliminary to an infantry at
tack.
Ion, superintending the final equip
ment of the hospital ship Ora. r Ow
ing to the" amount of the French sub
scriptions the Ora has been fitted out
sumptuously. She will sail on Sep
tember 27 for an unknown destination
and will fly the Red Cross flag, which
is expected to give her immunity from
seizure by the Japanese, '^i'0
Defenders of Taitse Bridges Repulse Oku
and Inflict Heavy Losses.
The Japanese armies continued to
press the Russians yesterday. They
moved forward and occupied a line
extending from Tatepjif to Yanchia
lintau. Orama telegraphed that he
hoped they would reach the right bank
of the Taitse this morning.
General Kuroki. after serious fight
ing, succeeded yesterday in taking a
portion of an eminence near Heiying
tai. Details of the fighting have not
been received. ;_ . 4:.. .T,,-. : "'^
The Russians again appear to be
concentrating in the vicinity of the
Yentai coal mines, twelve miles north
east of Liaoyang. Possibly another
great battle will occur there.;-.-.; :
The present trend of the movements
indicates that "possibly the Japanese
will move past Liaoyang, temporally
leaving the city untouched.
TOKIO, Sept 3.— The following dis
patch has been received here:
"Headquarters of the Manchurian
Army, Sept. 3, 9 a. m— The remainder
of the defeated Russians are making a
stand outside the walls "of Liaoyang.
Our left and center armies are attack
ing them." . ."-.»¦;
The Russian force confronting Field
Marshal Oyama's left and center con
tinues slowly to give ground in retreat
and is crossing to the right bank of
the Taitse River. A portion of the
Russian armv occupies a line of de
fense works extending northwest from
a point south of Liaoyang. The Rus
sians also hold an eminence northeast
of Nutchang, on the rtght bank" of the
Taitse. This evidently Is intended to
shield the general retreat of both the
left and center.,... "
Japanese Armies Not Likely to Tarry
nt Captured Liabyang.
WILL CONTINUE THE PURSUIT.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept 4, 12:25
a. in.— All Russia . will learn', by the
morcinr: newspapers that General
Xuropatbin's army Is in full retreat
to the northward; that Liaoyang. has
been abandoned and that General
Stakelbers's corps is surrounded and
t Bt Off.
The hopes of victory raised in Rus
fcian breasts by the telegram, of the
commander in chief, published yester
day, saying that the Russians had ad
vanced against General Kuroki.on Fri
day and that an attack on the Russian
r:?:ht had been repulsed, proved short
lived. General Kuropatkin had scarce-
Jy besrun the offensive against General
Kurohi's army when he was compelled
by the overwhelming force of the Jap
juiese flanking movement to give up all
idoa. of continuing his -advance and
hurriedly withdrew in the direction of
Uukden. . .
The retreat is the logical consequence
vt the Russian plrwi of Ieadfng on an«l
lirinsr cut the Japanese at the succes-
Ffve stations of the road northward.
thus placing th»ir foe at the constantly
growing <Ji?ac!vantape of lengthening
lines of oon-iUiunieation.
STAKELBERG BLUNDERS.
The success of this rlun was nmrred
by a blunder of General Stakelberg,
v. ho. In the words of General Kuropat
kin, "inel&ted on placing his own in
terpretation of orders instead of ful
filling them." General Stakelberg erred
in falling to cross the Taitse River
vhen General Kuropatkin desired that
the whole army should retreat to its
northern bank, as was exclusively re
parted In dispatches on September 2.
This blunder. It is feared, -will involve
the less of the whole of the First Si
berian Army Corps, consisting of the
First. Second and Sixth Rifie divisions,
the (tearl Cossack Brigade, the First
Siberian Artillery Hrig;ade and a sapper
battalion.
The abandonment of the -whole posi
tion at Lid£>yar.g involves the loss of n
jrreat accumulation of stores, though it
is believed that many of those already,
had been sent north before the com
mencement nf the fighting. It is more
than possible, however, that the Rus
fcians destroyed what they could not re
move.
Something akin to consternation pre
vails among Russians who have
learned of the disaster to General
Etakel berg's corps. All realize that
there Is small hore now for the relief
of Port Arthur, but the military of-
JieialE are unanimous In the belief that
it v III be only folly for General Kuro
patkin to remain and run the risk of
being surrounded with his whole army.
EXUDES TRAP SET BY OYAMA.
They assert that the commander In
chief, ' by his withdrawal northward,
has actually converted what might
have been disaster to himself itito
what is regarded as a reverse for the
Japanese, for the failure of the Jap
anese to hold General Kuropatkin's
array and inflict a decisive blow, it Is
claimed, cannot be regarded otherwise
than as a reverse. Field Marshal
Oyama's tenacious frontal attack and
the clever flank movement could not
Lave had any other object than to com
pel the Russians to accept a decisive
engagement.
General Kuropatkin's retreat un
doubtedly will have a discouraging ef-.
feet on the garrison of Port Arthur,
which can no longer hope lor any re
lief from this source. It is doubtful,
however, if the Japanese are in a posi
tion to press the slepe, and it Is more
than probable that they have diverted
a portion of the besieging army to re
inforce their corps' operating in Man
churia. This would account for the
temporary lull in the fighting. It is
noticeable that the siege reports reach
ing here do not mention further as
raults on the fortress, but only speak
of bombardments.
REPORT OF KUROPATKIX.
The following report has been re
ceived from General Kuropatkin,
dated September 3:
"The enemy last ("Friday) night at
tacked and seized most of the positions
occupied by our troops 'at Sykwantun
and the troops holding the positions in
Question retired to a rear, guard posi
tion between the villages of Shansun
tun and Shishanga,
"The same night the First Siberian
Army Corps, which has sustained
heavy losses during the last five days
and which was in danger of having its
flank turned, owing to the enemy's su
perior forces, retired several kilometers
to the westward.
. "In these circumstances, I ordered
Liaoyang evacuated and the troops to
retire northward."
r General, KuropaUdn says further:
"On the night .of September 1 Gen-
"At 3:45 p. m. the first Japanese shell
fell in Liaoyang and was followed by a
hail of projectiles.-which swept the rail
way station and the suburbs of the
town itself. Fortunately the station
v.as empty, all the rolling stock having
been removed. >".-.•; \h
"The first persons wounded were sev
en subjects of charity, a physician,
several Chinese and a commissariat
non-commissioned officer. ;
"By 5 o'clock in the evening several
fires had been caused by the bombard
ment, and the booming of the guns
followed our train as it carried off the
wounded. •_=*, .
"The Russian casualties in the fight
ing of August 31 and September 1 are
stated to number 7000. The enemy lost
double or treble that number.
"The Japanese prisoners appear to be
worn out" ...,v,-. 3 ;;a- K ,^..
"The losses to the Russian army have
not been ascertained exactly, but ac
cording to the latest account they ex
ceed 3000 in killed or wounded.
LOSSES OP THE RUSSIANS.
"In order to ascertain the enemy's
strength two regiments on the west
front were ordered to attack. After a
fierce fight it was discovered that the
enemy opposing the two regiments
were more than two divisions strong.
"At 9 o'clock In the evening there was
a lull in the flght all along the line,
and the only firing heard was the boom
of guns at Liaoyang. According to a
telephone report the garrison at Liao
yang repulsed the second Japanese at
tack.
Lieutenant -General Sakharoff, in a
report to the general staff, dated Sep
tember 2, says:
"To-day our troops assaulted the
heights of Sykwantun and after a des
perate flght we captured the whole
chain, but Immediately made the dis
covery that we had to deal with a
strong Japanese force, with, a front ex
tending from Yentai to the River
Taitse.
• "A detachment, under Major Orloff,
which was guarding the Tentai' mines,
advanced a short distance, but; meet
ing the Japanese in superior force and
in a strong; position, had to recede.
"Major . General Orloff was wounded,
but the danger -of - the enemy's move
ment was averted by his return to the
station at Yentai.
"The gallant regiments of the First
Siberian Rifle Corps came up, and Gen
eral Stakelberg checked the attacking
Japanese. In this flght the brave com
mander of the Second Siberian Regi
ment, .Colonel Ozersky, was severely
wounded.
eral" Kuroki 'attacked Sykwantun,
eleven miles east ofcliiabyang. and cap
tured a. majority of.the-iRussian posi
tions, .the occupation :'0f:;i jfchlcji was
completed on'.ttleV.ni'gJtt- of September" 3,
the I?nssians .Teth-ing sir rolles distant.
"The First Siberian Army Corps was
almost surrounded. This corps pre
viously saved General OrlofTs detach
men f by attacking the' Japanese flank
wheu General Orloff was threatened
with annihilation. General Orloff was
seriously^ wounded.".. .",.¦...•., ¦ r _:'! 4 . : '** . ' '¦' '
DETAILS OF FRIDAY'S BATTLE.
intrenched position. The Russians
concentrated their fire on the: sand
bags, the Japanese replying from an
other position three-quarters of a mile
to the northeast.
The Novi Krai declares in conclu
sion that at 10 o'clock in the. morn
ing of the 26th the Japanese were
unable longer to endure the bombard
ment and abandoned the newly made'
trench to the north of fort No. 2 and
Wudianfan, fleeing to the low ground
near the railroad. ;. *
The Novi Krai asserts that a Jap
anese torpedo-boat was sunk off Port
Arthur on August 25.
Port Arthur's Weakened Garrison Re
pels Successive Attacks by
the Besiegers.
STAKELBERG'S FIRST SIBERIAN ARMY CORPS
CUT OLF AND IN DANGER OF
ANNIGILATION.
FLAG OF JAPAN FLIES OVER LIAOYANG DEFENSES
AND THE ARMY OF KUROPATKIN IS IN RETREAT
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
The flag of Japan flies over lAaoyang. Field Marshal Oyama,
who led his famous Second Army into Port Arthur durlns th©
Chino- Japanese war of 1894-95, and who, in- that struggle, also cap
tured Weihaiwci and Talienwan, to-day, by dint of incessant fleht
; ine. In which his men were spared neither because of casualties nor -.
because of hardships, holds sway orer Iiiaoyanjr and General Kuro
patldn, through whom Russians believed their arms would be suc
cessful, is in full retreat northward, while one of Ms chief aids.
General Stakelbersr, with . his command. , the First Siberian Army ,^
Coi-ps, numberbie: 25,000 men, is cut oft* to the westward of ; JAao
yang. The Russians are concentrating: at Yentai, but the dispatches
thus far eive no intimation as to whether they will make a stand
'there. It is not known whether the Jnpanese will stop at Uaoyana
and [ fortify, or pursue the retreatina. foe. .;.:i;
Tills last blow to Russian arms, though it is spoken of in St.
Petersbure: as the logical consequence of Russian plans, doubtless will
be taken much to heart, by the subjects of Kmperor Nicholas, who,
after a succession of defeats and retirements by their army, had ex
pected a finality of the struggle at Uaoyanff in their favor. *
In the loss of IJaoyans by the Russians the Japanese probably
will gain little except hi the way of a strategical point, as the Rus
sians blew up the magazines and set fire to the enormous quantities
of 'army stores and provisions there before they evacuated.'
...T.'^ 1101 tlie effect of the retirement from Uaoyang .will be on.
the besieged at Port Arthur can only be conjectured, but certainly
it can but cause depression among the valiant defenders who have
been hoping that eventually they would bo relieved.
TOKIO, Sept. 4. 10 a. m.-— Fiffhtlns In the vicinity of IJao
yans; Is continuing to-day. ' '.r:. 1 -
Battle Resumed on the Sabbath
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 B. KATSGHINSKI I
S Philadelphia Shoe Go»i ||
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FBAHGISCO I
U Adjoining Call BnildJasr. M
I SOLE AGENTS FOR 1
I BUCKINGHAM & HECHTS 1
J True Merit I
Shoes lor Men!
I in ." 1
I jji££apair 1
| Made in Vici Kid, Box Calf and 1
| Valour Gaif, ja
1 With Goodyear Welted Oak I
| Tanned Soles. . M
M We guarantee these Shoes to be H
H the best ever offered for • the ¦
M money. They are open for inspec- H
jj tion and we invite our trade to D
19 call and examine them. Money re- K
H funded If they are not as repre- f~
B sentcd. "Why send your money B
ts East when the best Shoes ever H
gl made are manufactured !n this H
raj city? Help build up our local In- K
m dustrles. and especially as you set Hi
83 the best for the money. Made in gl
1 any style, on easy, comfortable H
i lasts. f^
| TEU2 MERIT IK SVSBT PATB. S
hi MAH. OKOECS SOLICITED. Li
| Monday, Sept. 5th, Being Labor Cay, 1
j This Store Will Be Closed. |
B. fUTSCHINSKI I
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. H
Sandstorm Mining Co.,
GoldfieldJev,
i The most phenomenal rold strike in th«
history of the world, outrivaling th« fa-
' mous Klondyke, accounts of which ap-
peared In yesterday's papers and which
¦ we hereby fully substantiate by private
I dispatches from Tonopah. occurred on thia
i property within the last few days.- Of the
' original <k>.0OO shares placed on the mar-
P ."ket yesterday., tiere remain "bat 7000
_BjiaTe9_whfch- we enter to: tha public at 32 V»
c<»nts per share. No favorites; flrat come.
; first served, - -' ' • "'-'%
NAT BOAS. . ,
Secretary Judab Boas Banktnff ' Co.,
330 Montsomery. iC San' Francisco. Cal.
E. 1/ JfTMS & CO.. *
Tonopah and GoldfleM. Ner. '
Eole Agents Sandstorm Mining Co.
t Perfect Fitting .Qjf k
Eyeglasses &
At Moderate Cos! |\
V 642 4iarke.t3t
rRfpa we /\ k. wyein
isftSl DR - HALL'S REINVIGOItATOft
331 " t **jE stops all losses and unnatural dls-
1 5} charges in 24 hours. You f#«l an
£*3 ESS] improvement from th* ttrst dose.
9t\ " WitTl V.> have so much confidence In our
j'j'l JAljiiJ treatment that we offer Five Hun-
: ~l»lL_fi*U <J red reward for any case wjcan-
riiTVi »>S3 not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys. Ullla*
memory, drains in th* urine, gonorrhea,- - dis-
ease oT the postate eland* and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abus* or excesses, whiclr lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cure*
the worst cases in old or young of that mortl-
fylng condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Seat sealed. (2
per bottle; three bottles. $5. Guaranteed
cur* any caa*. . j
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAt*
INSTITUTE. . M5 Broadway. Oakland Cal.
Also for sale at 1073 ft Market St.. S. Jfl Sand
for free book. '
Woman
; /»v\\'-5j" , \\i\ >^ A Y a U interested aad ihould know
&Wl SSlvv -N Mlft * ! * >nt '-« wonderful
BftiSvSSlMH MARy EL Whirling Spray
' \^7VvG£fr&>L ttonand Svrtvm. Beat-Sat-
< >^vej^^ V7r:r^»t— Mott Conf«il»nt.
Aito y*B^ e ragytst Ike It. iBK/
If he exnnot supply ths V". /$££* 7" :; .Ti-'-'i^"^
other, but send stamp for "• <Sfe>. "iraSJ^
illustrated book-miw. Itgtvee \fc. / ( «tyjf
fail particulars aad directions la- /£>!. § M
valuable to ladies. M.4 nVFXCOVTi/ /•'•«• M
41 1'arklUw, X«w Xork.
132 New Montgomery, San Francisco, Cair
William Hatt?rotn (Ladles' Dept.). 22t Batter
Union Drug Co.. 40O Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy ....11» Ellis
-jfiMg&fe&tff MEHANDWOMElt.
WmWraib^ Cia Big G for unnatural
fld* tm 1 to t fan^l disch»rgM,inn»jum»tlon«.
EBmg . OmsraatM« V > Irritations or ulcer »tloa»
fc**»J - —» «* "rt<ww. ofmacoai mambrmnas.
t&Zrt-rfZ£Z££???* m r>\ Pila: «»»* *od not astrln-
hTSVMETMSCTSMSMLCO. gant or poisonous.
%SS£l CHttU!UTl,8.E553 Sold by Dructfata,
1K2&. 0.1. a, Zg8r or Mat in plain wr»w«T,
¦ Circa!** teat oo tmyutt.
.WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PBB TEAS*
.•: - ' •,'.... ADVERTISEMENTS. '" V .'.
¦; ®\^L'® 1 c o in ©> 4? W Iff 1
- ¦ ' ' d^^^^» * " ' \ \ 1 Mill v*M
" w viiifi in
ADVERTISEMENTS. //^^J,.^^^^^.
—
=| The i^ew System
B Effect a most radical step toward perfection in piano I
m building, both architecturally and musically. • 1
jj The CONOVER New System Pianos arc possessed of the I
y most elaborate decorative qualities, while the new Conover I
II tone elmply intoxicates the senses in. a thrall* of the most #
Jj delicate melody — clear-cut, resonant, powerful, yet. capable #
P of modulation between the voice of thunder and the soft- .¦#
;¦ ' est and purest notes that ever charmed the ear. • - " /
I W e have- a special proposition to make you whereby /
1 you may purchase a New System " CONOVER Piano / v
1 without straining your pocket-book. Inquire for if :> ;.% #
) 931-933 Market Street^ San Francisco. "V; -
M Oakland. r S*n Jose, Sacramento-* and San ¦ Diego. ~ ; - ZZ '^^5Publishers want original matter, but
they draw the line at that brand of
Rancher Ends Life.
DANVILLE. Sept- 3. — Manuel Fer
goda. a rancher residing about two
miles from Danville, committed suicide
this morning by shooting himself
through the head with a rifle. Trouble
over property is supposed to have been
the cause of Fergoda's rash act.
Imports of cheese into tho United
States now exceed the exports. During
the ten months ended April 30 Import:,
amounted to 52.790,030, export* to 51.
992,501.
"Scenic Treasures of Califomal." a
beautiful souvenir book of California,
for 75 cent*; others for less and some
for more. Orange, redwood and other
good souvenir novelties at lowest prices.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
California Souvenirs.
The Negrito Is one of the most
primitive races known to the ethnol
ogist and efforts to instruct the mem
bers of the tribe in English will be
watched with Interest.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 3 (World's Fair
grounds). — Arrangements have been
completed for teaching the Ygorrotes,
Moros and Negritos the English lan
guage and a school will be regularly
conducted at the Philippine reserva
tion until the close of the exposition.
The first class will be held next Mon
day morning and instruction will be
commenced with the Moros. The
Ygorrotes will comprise the second
class and the Negritos will be taken
last. V- -.
Moros and Negritos.
English "Will Be Taught Ygorrotes,
SCHOOL FOR FFLIPIXOS.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. S.— William P.
Lowe, alias Richard E. Golden of San
Francisco, was released this afternoon
on his promise to appear In the Police
Court Monday to answer to the charge
of Idling. The police retained the roll
of Confederate money and checks
found in a secret pocket in his vest.
"If your name Is Lowe, instead of
Golden," said his young wife to him
this morning at Four Courts, "you will
have to marry me again before I will
live with you."
Her father is John Boudln, a promi
nent contractor In St. Paul, Minn. Mrs.
Golden says she has learned that her
father, who opposed her marriage to
Lowe, offered $1000 reward for the
bridegroom's arrest. rr /'/~-' r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Cardinal Gib
bons, primate of the Roman Catholic
church in America, is in a fair way to
lose the greater part of his personal
fortune through the financial difficulties
that have overtaken Thomas Wagga
man, the treasurer since its foundation
fourteen years ago of the Catholic Uni
versity of America, and virtually every
Catholic Institution In the District of
Columbia, including many, churches,
faces the same prospect of disaster.
Waggaman's financial difficulties are of
the most extensive order. It is declared
that his great estate has been nearly
all lost in speculation.
So serious is the situation that Car
dinal Gibbons has called* the clergy of
his diocese to meet in a conference to
discuss the affairs of the university.
The Cardinal has expressed a willing
ness to sacrifice his own fortune to aid
In saving the university, and has
strongly urged the same course upon
the other clergymen.
The Catholic University of America is
Waggaman's largest creditor. It has
nearly $900,000 at stake, and Wagga
man's bond as treasurer is for only
575,000. ; -; ;
rome Bassity, Thomas Kirkpatrlck, E.
S. Pillsbury. Thomas D. Riordan,
Colonel W. R. Smedberg, A. E. Cas
tle, E. H. Kittredge, Jay T. Nash, F.
Tillman Jr., R. H. Judson, C. L. Rode,
Colonel Robert Wienecke, C. H. Blinn,
Henry Ach, L. A. Rea, George^ H.
Walker, W. A. Doble, D. Roth, Fred
Eggers, J. E. Berges, M. Vogrel, F.
Marini, C. B. Perkins, George Bay
reuther, F. N. Bent, A. Ollsen, G«or*ge
S. Scovel, Harry Baehr, L. E. Sperry,
S. M. Ehrman, J. H. Grindley, B. L.
Lilienthal, E. W. Haughy, J. O'B.
Gunn, L. F. Weaver, L. A. Steiger, S.
B. McNear, H. J. Morton, F. E. Beck,
M. E. Getz, M. M. Brown. E. N. Har
mon, M. R. Higgins, J. Frowenfeld, J.
B. Levison, David Rich, Byron Jack
son, M. Blaskower, E. W. Brown, M.
V. B. Taylor. Max Goldberg. S. J.
Hendy, P. Crowley, R. H. Pease, G.
L. Belcher, H. T. Scott, Henry J.
Crocker, W. F. Herrin, C. F. Daly, A.
H. Merrill. J. W. McTlgue.* G. S. Bene
dict, A. Ruef, Hon. Tlrey L. Ford,
Percy V. Long, S. M. Shortridge, Myr
tile Cerf. C. L. Barsotti, R. A. Grier,
S. Bloom, Leon Roos, J.' A. Wilson.
Charles Sonntag, WilUam Fries,
Hon. W. C. Van Fleet, Henry Rosen
feld, O. F. Wise, James B. Smith, Hon.
F. H. Kerrigan, G. 8. Tighe, J. A. Mc-
Donald, George F. Volkman, Rolla V.
Watt, Theo Lunstedt, H. D. Morton, H.
H. Morse, Dr.* Charges . Boxton, S. C.
Irving, N. D.'Rldeouv'A. S. Mangrum,
Frank McGowan, H. G. Platt, H. G.
Fairchlld, H.Folger, W. W. Sanderson.
A. McBean,' George Alpers, Dr. C. G.
Kenyon, Francis McNamara, H. Greene
baum, F. C. Boeckmann, Thomas Addi
¦on, J. F. Kelly. M. L. Gerstle, C. Stall
man, F. J. Parsons, J. B. Orbison, H. Z.
Howard, H. B. Russ, F. A. Vail, E. L.
Brayton, H. Heunlsch, Dr. M. Regens
berger, S. Burger, G. H. Umbsen, Stan
ley Forbes, _W;'F. Mau.'W. J. Gorham,
A. Chesebrough, J. H. Neustadter, A.
B. Hammond, William MacDonald, G.
H. Lowell, J. P. Irish, James Hogg, J.
H. Taylor, M. A. Gunst. J. H. Borland,
P. A. Bergerot, P. D. Code. James^Mc-
Queeney,.-R.^C Altschul.'E. R: Pease,
C.^.ff.7 Fredericks,' A.'^ Sbarboro, M. H.
Cook", : irBluxom'e, J.'D.: Bertram, W. J.
Guilfoyle, C. H. I. v Truman, F. H. War
ren, F. P. Lauterwasser, W. W. Chase,'
C. S. Laumelster, Judah Newman, Dr.
L. L. Dorr, C. H. Crocker, M. H. Hecht,
Dr. C. N. Ellinwood. H. B. ¦ Davidson.
H. N. Beatty, W. F. Wilson, J. D. Daly,
J. A. Hoey, William Alvord, J. : P. Fra
ser, F. H. Wheeler, Hugh Burke and
E. J. Knapp.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
San Franciscan Arrested in
St. Louis Must Prove Iden
tity to His Young Spouse
HONEYMOON NOT
TO BE RESUMED
Cardinal Gibbons' Plan for
Preventing Financial Lo^s
to the Catholic University
NEW YORK, SeDt. 3. — Tne follow
ing Californians are In New York:
From San Francisco — F. P. Evans,
at the Grand Union; G. Fredericks. J.
A. Mahanny, and Mrs. M. F. Staples,
at the Astor House; "W. "Wasserman.
at the Victoria; J. Lacoste, at the
Broadway Central; G. E. Middle ton.
at the Cumberland; M. L. Peterson, at
the Hotel Gerard; Mrs. E. J. Bell, at
the Imperial; F. H. Kline, at the Gil
sey House, and H. G. White Jr., at
the Grand Union.
From Los Angeles^ — Mrs. Jesman
and A. F. Lapworth and wife, at the
Netherlands, and J. Williams and
¦wife, at the Rossmore.
Californians In New York.
MAT SACRIFICE
HIS FORTUNE
And we cow ccme to the Congressional elec
tion of 1802. Our Democratic friends thought
it possible to secure control of the Lower
House cf Congress, and thought if they could
Becure control of that body in 3902 they might
perchance win the executive branch in lVOi.
A mest vigorous campaign was therefore in
aururatcd. and it became necessary to find
rn jFiue. Nothing theretofore tried would
ssswer the purpose. Thfy dared not more than
Kju:nt at a tariff for revenue cnly. It was
too Focn after 1S32. Anti-Imperialism had
in 1SJKJ. But I need not detain you. You «r«
ell fanvliar with the ricture.
TVe now come to the campaign of IIKW.
Early in that year our Democratic friends
co:mner.ced castins about for an i»eue on
which that campaign mlRht be won. Daring
air. McKinley'E first term much history had
be^n written. The Spanish war had been
Icupht to a successful termination. Cuba had
bfcome a temporary ward of the United States,
end Pcrto R1co and Ihe Philippines had been
Required. Labor had found constant employ
ment. "Wages were high. The American r*o
•p\f were eating three mcais a day. and
living expense* »tre r^sultantly high. There
tik r.o demand for a cheaper dollar, and our
Democratic friends again looked over their
previous platforms in vain to find anything
likely to prove a successful issue. Some ex
pedient must be fcund. and nothing oeemed
mo expedient as &r.ti-ircperiallaai.
The Chicago platform was reaffirmed. It is
true, but it was distinctly Fta:*d that the 6il
%er question should not be the paramount is
•ue. The contest was to be waged on anti
ts:per!a!i*n. The result I r.eed not mention
further than to Eay the Republican principle
cf eound rar.Ticy, every dollar the equivalent
of and exchangeable for 23. S grains of gold,
that that equally important economic principle,
the protective tariff, which guarantees to the
producer, artisan and farmer, miner and me
chanic, the best market in the world f8r his
labor and for th« product of his laber, were
indorsed, and the Republican! party, remained
in possession of both the legislative and the
•xecutive branches of the Government. -
Continued From Page 27. Column 7.
It will be noticed that not even Bourke
fookriLn favored a declaration that the gold
standard was economically right or that It
cught to prevail. He pimply thought it "ab
solutely essential to any prospect of success"
that the establishment of the gold standard
by the Republican party "should be accepted
e« a final settlement." But Judge Parker's
r.rst^and second lieutenants. Senator Hill and
Mr. Fheehan, thought otherwise, and they
voted against making B uch an admission. The
convention waa also silent on the subject. I
am not unfnindful that the nominee of that
convention, after ample time had «Iapsed In
which he might read the declaration of the
LEADERS DISAGREE.
And now we come to 19(M. Our Democratic
friends are again in trouble. I do not say it
would be difficult to devise some progressive
pclicy for the wise government of the nation,
but our friends have given no evidence of
having sought such. They give every evidence,
however, that they have sought an Issue for
the eole and enly purpose of winning this
campaign. As a matter of expediency they
have thought it unwise to declare in favor of
the f r- e and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1 with gold, for that has
twice failed. They have thought it inex
pedient to declare in favor of the gold stand
ard, for it was discovered that the majority
of the convention did not believe in the gold
standard. They did not think It expedient to
df<lare that the money question was settled.
The New York delegation defeated, by a vote
of 50 to 26. a resolution offered by Bourko
Cockran in the following language:
"Resolved. That in the opinion of this dele
gation a plain statement In the Democratic
platform that the decision of the people as
twice expressed on the standard of value should
be accepted as a final settlement of the coinage
question is absolutely essential to any prospect
of KUCCf-ss in the election."
never struck a popular chord, and bo they
seized upon the alleged cruelty of the Ameri
can soldier to the Filipino people, and the
barbarity of the water cure became the issue
of that campaign. But the American voter,
from whose home the American soldier had
Rone, refused to rebuke his offspring or hl9
kin. and sound Republican financial and eco
nomic doctrines were again indorsed and the
Republican party remained In control of all
branches of the Government.
Republican Legions
Thomas. -W. . Collins,^ S. M7 DavisBn,
George D. Clarke. H. C- Dibble,
George E.: Morse, J. M. Troutt, R.
Thane, Otto Dedricksen, George H.
Newhall, A. G. Towne, F. W. .Van
Sicklen.VLovell White, Louis Sloss Jr.,
Ignatz Stetnhart, Dr. H. . Law, Albert
Frasicr, D. W. Rugglea, Zero L.
Thomas Sr., J. J. Nashburn, S. S.
Johnson, Frank A. Schmitz, C.S. Pre
ble, W. F. Clark. Sam King,' W. B.
Hamilton, H. L. Andrews, Leon Sloss,
F. B. Morton, B. E. Powers, . Edward
Jamiesson, J. C. McDougald, R. P.
Jennings, Oscar Tolle. F. J. Symmes,
W. J. Dutton, Hon. N.^P. Chlpman,
Edward Clancy, J..J. Mazza,' J. c.
Rivers. W. P. Redirigton./P.-N. Lilien
thal, George . W.- Scott,. Norris K. Da
vis, T.;R. Bannerman. Harry Costen,
George VW. Mitchell.' George Dennis
Sr., Hon. J. H. Neff, Charles H. Spear,
John C. Lynch, P. T. Morgan, A. H.
VaiLJohn T.-Dare, C. I* Bonestell, B.
F. Preston,* Dr. ¦ Henry : Gibbons Jr., R.
J. ; Taussig, J. C." Campbell,; Marshall
Hale, John Hellman, L. 6.' ¦¦ Beedy, • Je-
LIST OF VICE PRESIDENTS.
Following is the list of vice presi
ents of the meeting:
Hon. Victor H. Metoalf, Hon. W.
W. Morrow, Hon. J. J. de Haven, Hon.
D. E. McKinlay, Hon. E. O. Hayes,
Hon. S. C. Smith. \V. S. Wood, C. M.
Hammond, W. J. Dingee, M. B. Harris,
R. Melrose, Hon. George A. Knight,
M. H. de Young, ex-Governor John E.
Kickards of Montana, A. " G. Burnett,
I. W. Hellman Jr. J. K. Wilson, Wake
field Baker, A. D. Cutler, C. F. Baa
sett, H. D. Loveland, H. Salsburgr, C.
S. Benedict, John D. Slebe, M. B.
Woodworth, E. F. Woodward, Joseph
D. Grant, John M. Switzer,- W. R.
Wheeler, Hon. Carroll Cook, S. Wheel
er, Isaac Upham, Hon. Max C. Sloss,
E. H. Hardy, A. M. Davis, Ed Tauz-
Bky, William Haas, A. D. Porter. H.
E. Law, Hon. George C. Perkins, Hon.
W. H. Beatty, Hon. J. N. Gillette, Hon.
J. R. Knowland, Hon. J. C. Needham,
U. S. Grant, Edward Sweeney, F. M.
Smith, George H. Pippy, C. J. Walker.
Hon. E. E. Schmitz, John D.
Spreckels, John A. Britton, General
U. S. Webb, L. G. Sresovich. Hon. Juli
us Jacobs, C. A. Murdock. J. W. Van
Bergen, Hart H. North, iA. G. Fiske.
John H. Shine, F. P. Stone, C. F.
Bassett, Horf. Julius Kahn, John Ber
gez, J. J. Greif, F. A. Leach, John
Hunt, G. F. Cavala, James L. McXab,
George H. Trask, Hon. J. C. B. Heb
bard, F. C. Hunter, General S. W.
Backus, J. Stapleton, Abe Stern, H.
Kullman.
principal newspapers of New York statins in
most emphatic terms that he had no possible
chance ot Euccess on the non-commltal plat
form, did send a telegram to the effect that
he considered the Kold standard Irrevocably
established. He did not venture to say that
he thought the gold standard economically
wise or scientifically correct. He had twice
voted in favor of the free and unlimited coin
age of silver and must therefore be presumed
to believe In It. I assume that Judge Parker
is a very sincere and conscientious man and
that he would not twice support an issue in
which he did not believe, and I also assume
that he has the moral courage to eay that he
has changed his opinion whenever he in fact
changes it. I think I am also safe in assum
ing that in harmony with his party he recog
nizes the importance of expedients; hence his
telegram.
The telerram was received with great con
sternation and the remainder of the day and
more than half the night was given to its
consideration. Finally a reply was agreed
upon to the effect that the platform was silent
on the money question because it was not re
garded as a possible issue In the campaign.
It would have been more in harmony with,
the truth had the convention eald, "because it
is not deemed expedient to make the standard
an Issue In this campaisn, for If the conven
tion is silent no one will need ba embarrassed
whatever may be his individual views."
Eut the Democratic party does tender an
issue. It reaffirms one phrase of the tariff
plank of 1S92. Listen: "We denounce pro
tection as a robbery of the many to enrich
¦ the feV." It does not in terms reafflm the
Democratic doctrine of 1S02. that the Gov
1 eminent has no constitutional right to levy a
tariff except for revenue only, but that utter
ance having never been retracted or apologized
for still ftands as the doctrine of the party.
The Democratic position on the tariff question
remains, therefore, unchanged from what it
was In 1S92.' Protection from the Democratic
view point is therefore unconstitutional as a
principle and vicious as a policy.
It should be impossible to qualify this Dem
ocratic position. The plank does not declare
that excessive tariff duties amounts to rob
bery of the many In the interest of the few.
It declares that protection, high or low, is
robbery of tfTe many in the interest of th*
few. And here the battle should be fought.
I wish I might insist that upon this issue It
must be fousht. I anticipate that our friends
will dodge. They are »ometlmes good sprinters.
I am not unmindful o£ the claim made by
some of our Democratic friend« that the issue
shall be the candidate^. . This is also wel
comed. They will not attack the personal In
tegrity of Theodore Roosevelt. They will not
attack his patriotism. They will not attack
his courage. They will not attack his Inde
pendence. They will not attack his Intel
ligence. They will not attack the wisdom,
measured by results, of anything he has dono
or sought to do. They will not claim that his
administration has been vacillating or disas
trous. They will only express the opinion, i
that a man who does things must of necessity
do wrong things, and that a man who thinks
quickly must of necessity think incorrectly,
and that a man who Is ambitious for his
country's prosperity and for his country's peace
and safety must of necessity be unsafe. The
logic of their argument is that the only safe
man would be some one who can be whipped
Into a telegram to the effect that whatever may
have been his previous views or whatever may
be his present convictions, he is willing to
acquiesce, for the time being, in anything
he does not think It expedient to oppose.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Friday, Sept. 2.
A hot fight between Armenian insur
gents and Turkish troops occurred at
Van August 31, in "which more than a
score were killed.
Armenlansao the number of 100 raid
ed the town, charged four houses and
barricaded themselves. Troops attacked
the houses/ and in the fight which fol
lowed two soldiers arid twenty other
persons were killed. The authorities set
flre to a number of adjoining houses
bo that the troops might be better en
abled to besiege the insurgents. The
town was panic-stricken, and those in
habitants who had not fled j to H the
mountains took refuge in the churches
and convents. t " • ! ; 7 :. ; ; ' ,
If is stated by the authorities that
other Armenian bands are preparing to
cross the Persian frontier.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Minister
Leishman at Constantinople cables that
the Armenian revolutionists are rather
active at Van. He says some Turkish
houses have been burned and small en
ccunters are not infrequent, but there
Is no indication of any particular dan
ger to foreign residents.
' The general deposits increased $9,
781,200, carrying this into the highest
on record. The required reserve was
increased, through the gain in de
posits, by $2,445,300, which sum, add
ed to the decrease in cash, made $9,
872,000, and the reduction in surplus
reserve to $47,503,400. Computed
upon the basis of deposits, less those
of $23,364,500 public funds, the sur
plus is $53,344,525. The statement
made a fairly gdod proof, the sum of
the increase in loans less the decrease
iu cash being $97,500 more than the
gain in deposits.
The expansion of $18,185,400 in
leans, which, it may be noted, makes
a high record which was entirely un
expected and was another striking
feature of the statement, can be
accounted for upon the theory that
there was extensive syndicate or cor
poration borrowing, the large banks
showing heavy increases.
Circulation was augmented by $1,
256,300, the greatest gain for a sin
gle week this year. The daily average
of bank clearings last week was $196,
000,000 or $27,000,000 more than in
the previous week. The clearings on
Saturday, reflecting Friday's business,
were 5213,175,045, much above the
average. Comparisons show that eight
banks expanded loans of 1? 2-5 mil
lions net, and that nine banks indi
cate a decrease in cash of 7 1-5 mil
lions net. Two of the larger insti
tutions contributed 11 millions to the
increase in loans and three banks lost
together 10 1-5 millions' cash.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. — The Finan
cier this week says: One of the moat
noteworthy features of the official
statement of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the much larger
decrease in caji!i than was estimated
upon the basis of traceable movements
of money during the week, the loss,
as olticially reported, being $7, 426, 700,
while the estimates showed a decrease
of J2,lL'7,l«0. This discrepancy is
partly explained, however, by taking
together the figures lor two weeks.
In the week ending August 26 the
estimates indicated a loss of $4,872,
700 cash and the statement a decrease
of $l,»04, 6uU. Last week, us above
noted, there was an estimated loss of
$2,127,100, while the two weeks in
dicate an estimated loss of $6,ya9,800.
The official report decrease was $8,
511,300, leaving a discrepancy of $1,
511,500, which may be accounted for
by the fact that the estimates are
based upon actual movements, while
the bank statement figures represent
averages. The ract also appears that
th«: withdrawals of cash from the
banks were the largest in the last few
days of the week.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— President Gom
pers of the American Federation of La
bor has refused to call a meeting of the
national executive • council to recom
mend a general sympathetic action of
unionists' in support of the packing
house strike. The requesjt that he call
a meeting of the national council in
Chicago waa made last week by Sec
retary Edward N. Nockels of the Chi
cago Federation. To-day Secretary
Nockels received a letter from Gom
pers, in Avhich he said:
•'A meeting of the executive council
has been called for September 12, and
the members cannot attend a meeting
earlier. Several of them are away from
their headquarters— some of them near
ly 1500 miles away, to make Labor day
addresses next Monday. It would be a
pleasure for me if I might have com
plied with the request of the Chicago
Federation cf I.abor, but you can read
il>-' see how utterly impossible is such
a course. The strike or" the butcher
workmen has received and is receiving
my most watchful care, and I would
be pleased to do anything in my power,
and I know my colleagues of the coun
cil would join me in this expression if
1 could be of any service in the interest
of our fellow workmen."
"The American Federation of Labor,"
said Secretary Nockels, "has no power
to call strikes. It could recommend
sympathetic strikes."
Complaints have reached the union
headquarters at the stock-yards frqpi
several Quarters that the local unions
are not supporting the stockyards
strike. v .
Inhabitants Flee to Mount
ains and Take Refuge
in Churches and Convents
Absence of Members Reason
Given by Head of Amer
ican Federation of Labor
Sudden Withdrawals From
Iiistitiitions One of Many
Causes for Big Shortage
DIFFERENCE EXPLAINED
INSURGENTS BESIEGED
COUNCIL IS SCATTERED
Report of Associated Banks
Indicates. Financiers Un
derestimated Movements
Armenian Band Makes Raid
and in Fight That Ensues
Many Persons Are Killed
Request of Union Secretary
of Chicago 'Is Kef used by
President Samuel Gompers
PANIC STRIKES
TOWN OF VAN
LARGE DECREASE
IN CASH SHOWN
WILL NOT CALL
EXTRA MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO " CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
Elgin Butter Market.
ELGIN, 111.; Sept. 3.— On the Board
of Trade to-day butter.was quoted ,'un.
changred at; 19c; a- pound. Sales in the
district for> the week were 720,400
pounds. "1
V Meat is " seldom seen : on the break
fast table In Austria and Germany, nor
ls'fmuchCusV.' made of the '.prepared
cereals so; popular. In 'America. Wheat
rolls; and' rye. ¦ bread 1 form the staple
breakfast foodJ^Y 1^-/' 'a
;;;•:¦«";:£:*;¦« "^ci>'-:-:-- -.¦¦¦•*'¦• > .- -.".-.
29
'Port Costa Flour
Premium Winners
I Premiums will be delivered
I Names of dinners ¦¦¦-¦ fowinners f 2^
I • grocers who sold f
I Ot July- August PORT COSTA FLOUR
1 contest will be ¦ m P^~" IM I
|-.;;; :.-.- : .- More Premiums will be J
I announced in The ' «wm on
I Bulletin next Tuesday. , "J^^m.
I . ; : ; ; %\ . J to customers purcnasmg l
I POPT fOSTA Fl OUR i
I - . - • ..-? • -r .. ==== . during months of |
i September and October Premiums c " --•• ¦< A , - t
f -:«ij Trt «." September and October. {
¦ H ''I.- Victor. Talking: Machine 12. Lady's Writing Desk $12.00 t» < •« • f l t
m —¦ (five records complete) . .$50.00 13. Rogers' Silver Set (full Kp&n \f\P T)TtTTM\11T\ It^L I
1 2. Old Dutch Clock (six feet set), knife, fork, spoon.:. 12.00 1VC * U U1C F^UUUUl 1WI I
Bj high) ....... ....... 37.00 14. Bedstead (White Enam-. - ... r
M 8. Hall Tree and Hat Rack. 22.00 , , Q£l ¦•*,;; ' 'Ai'^ ' '^IL;: la>00 nereWltll. g
B 4. Folding Camera (com- lo. Bohemata Glass .Table •—- Q
iS ¦ ' nlptp outfit V " ' " SO OO ael •• 10>00 » <i «« Tl
l^sl^^Mffoni;;;^;;;^ 1 ••••• %% i All grocers sell
E S mirror. Hve drawers ..... 20.00 t ] L' s^J7 rf s «T 7S i U
H 6. China Dinner Set....... 18.00 19. Accordion ..;........... 7JOO PORT COSTA the D£St lIOUT. E
i 7. Velour Couch' (six feet Beautiful Red Parlor IUJM WJlh. 111C UWl UUUX, D
« ' long) ..-. 164)0 Lamp 7.00 _ , ••??»!
8 - Sa^.^:. 2^.?^: 15.00 IS: itK S?h er chair::::: tSS Premium coupon attached |
9. Tool Chest containing; -¦• 23. Even Balanced Scale.... 4.50 , * *
sixteen tools :...... 15.00 24. Smyrna Rug ;-.'-- 4.00 . TA PVtFV S3.CK. tl
10. Chatelaine Gold Watch.. 13^0 25.* Water Cooler ...;'~4.00 v - >v w»w*/ wmwm
11. Morris Chair". ........ .1X00 26. : Lady's ;SUk Umbrella.:. >^3j0O ,, " , g
Port Costa Milling Co., 230 California St., S. F. I
ADVEKTISHMEATS. V .
%¦****= ' • "^ ' ' ' '^— '
Saa Fiincisco, Sunday, I September, 1S(H.
- - - :;: SS —.........
WELCOME!!
SIS KNIGHTS!
Welcome to our city and to the many conve- .
niences of this magnificent new store. Make use of
I the telephones (free of charge), the desks and vvrit-
\ ing materials and the waiting rooms. We will con-
; sider it an honor to have you visit our Art Galleries,
i our Exhibition Rooms and the many other interest-
ing attractions throughout the establishment "East-
' crners*' who have visited every large city in the
\ United States tell us that nowhere west of New-
York can a furniture, carpet and drapery store to
! . equal this be found. May we have your opinion?
} (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
Dry Goods Company. I
.^Imported Opera Coats,..]
Made of soft Ottoman Fa,UIc; in Ivory, Qiam-
pagnc and Chablis tints, elaborately garaitured
with rich hand-made lace inset and chiffon
raffles, suggesting the beautiful modes of Louis
LV and Directoire periods— now open. : : :
Man=Tailored Ladies' Suit?
Made o{ Broadcloth, Cheviot, Serge and Fancy
Mixtures; right up-to-the-moment in cut, fit and
finish : in all grades at modest prices. : : : r£,
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Squara.
Store Open UOZTDAY — Close TUESDAY (Sept. 6) and FRIDAY (Sept. 9).
PE-RU-NA N1 %fffAr HOME.
A Letter From Congressman Wilson of Arizona
, Iflk&z&t':- '^-'6 '•¦¦¦'¦'¦¦¦¦''¦ : : -v^ 7; :'0 : : V v; ; ;^^w^| Hon. J. F. WUson. Membtf «f
/^.^¦¦•¦•^^^^r:'. ¦;> Congress from Arixona. write* to
"¦"¦ Dr * Hartmaa " f0ll0W8:
: : :t]%' :^Bl ! 6!%i : - : ':S>^^v^^? "/ have used Peruna in my fam-
J'KSjffljK P!|^" — : $MM Hy and with satisfactory results."—
Mrs. M. Seymour. 172^ Sebor street, XWH-V/wSl 8 Wr^^^^@5r$mflh±—mMiu?
"My children had catarrhal difficulties '.'¦¦'' \#^^9Hn^B
of the head and throat. Acting on the i^jpinlfh^ * ', -"^rflQwi
advice of a friend I gave them Peruna, * Mffiffi&t :^**&&^ **
as she insisted it would not harm them. -/ffj&fftf y
and I noticed that in a couple of weeks \</mf0ff. > I^WSB^Sm^^SlsS^ai
glad to note, as I did not want them to msMa^-^^M^^WBBB^^^^^ffA
in small doses for a month, discontinued Wfi&&&&* <x
it for about a week ani then gave it to wr . ' - s v«^^^*X '
them for another month. I was please J y ¦>\-\ \ ' ... :
to find at the end of that time that they : ,
were free from catarrh. I unhesitatingly ; » * % gjgjg
give Peruna my endorsement, as I am '¦¦:/-,. . " v <. ; ' .\ A
sure that it will not fail to do good to y%y^^^' ->^ xM£ ; -
any one that takes it."— Mrs. Seymour. % • J&£&!i!BBX*
PERUNA is a great family medi- I'^^^l^^
cine. The women praise it as well j§^jjff$ pj"^^ :; ¦'• <™ > : -->^ : £«^»M^M>^
as the men. hmcSS'*'* i^ r-^n n^> t ,- lj
It Is just the thin? for th- many lit- &t£~~?K0n L Wi "
tie catarrhal ailments of childhood. sfV)^^^/ wcArr**
Peruna protects the family against •*"^3Si>^ Crllt^oCA
coughs, colds, catarrh, bronchitis, ca- „ ... ,?„»,_*,.>, 7 ,« xv -»fttT> «5t
tarrh of the stomach, liver and kidneys chteaw^iV wrttJ?
It is just as sure to cure a case of ca- ' , '..,.. .
tarrh of the bowels as it is a case of ca- *f lttt/e son '* entirely welt now. I
tarrh of the head. * e P* strictly to your advice, which gave
If you do not derive prompt and satis- him back his health after nearly two years
factory results from th« use of Peruna. of suffering. I can never thank you enough
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a for what your great medicine. Perana. and
full statement of your case, and he will your valuable advice have done for my
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- /itt/g 6o/# Hg is fat now and ean digest
I Addresser. Hartman. President of The his food and is the picture of health."-
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O. Mrs. Katie Forbrtch.• TOKIO. Sept. 4. noon. — Field Mar
rhal Oyama reports that the Russians
burned , their storchous«^s -n^ar Liao
yang on Saturday. General Kuroki,
leaving a force at Satzuaffo to protc-ct
his rigrht flank, has Bnrung westward |
to reach the railway and envelop Li- r
ooyang. » Oyama'a \?Xt and center ar
mies "are Ptni: atJUcfeSng the-Russiatis '
Boctb and. .west of the walla of LLap~
If you want the best In photographs go* to
Lenti's, 816 Market st. Columbia, bid?. •
B. H. Phillips _ of Baltimore, a
Knight Templar, who is at the Hotel
Savoy, reported to the police last
night that he had been robbed of $300
on Market street yesterday afternoon.
Phillips had the mo.ney In "a hand
satchel and . did not discover the loss
until he had reached the hostelry. He
arrived in the city yesterday morning
with the Baltimore. Commandery.
Baltimore Templar Robbed.
General Manager. Markham of the
Southern " Pacific Company yesterday
announced that the; long- talked of
work on' the bay shore cut-off would
be inaugurated . within the next forty
days. v , \ ' ;>*.> 'y
The grading of the new route be-.
tween : this city and San Bruno, where
the line jwtll ; connect - with the ; main
coast road, and , the construction , of
five tunnels .between the points men
tioned : will.be started simultaneously.
: It ; is the intention of the company
to lay", four .tracks .between San Fran
cisco and : San : Bruno.; * Plans . for ' the
work, which involves" the' expenditure
of a'fortune; have been completed for
General Manager of Southern Pacific
Says .Tunneling. and Grading Will
Start in Forty Days.
a number of months, but this is the
first official announcement from the
railroad company of its intention to
undertake the task of reducing: the
grades at this end of the coast line.
WILIi SOON BEGIN WORK
ON BAY SHORE CUT-OFF
"God Has Heard My Prayers" Is Last
. Message of Kih^s. Daughter
- to Servant
BADELSTER. Saxony. Sept 3.— A
note left -by Princess Louisa of Saxa-
Coburgr. { . vrho ' escaped - Irom her hotel
here. Tuesday v mornings for; her maM.
Olga, requesting the latter to keep her
belongings carefully, closed - with • the
words: "I am gone. God has heard, my
prayers. Farewell." ... . "* J * ;
PRINCESS LOUISE LEAVES
SSSj. A NOTE TO liEK MAID
The figrhtintr lately has been contin
uous and heavy and there has been
much -artillery fire. Last nijrht the
Japanese tarried a strongly fortified
Russian position north of the Taitse
Rivor and west of Av.-angtuan by a
bayonet charge. In this fight the Jap
anese losses were small.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD. Friday.
Sept. 2. — For the last two days the
army under General Kuroki has
X^UKhed to the northward, toward the
railroad north of Liaoyang. .Kis right
*inj? has taken the last line of inter
vening hills and holds a commanding
position from vrhich to strike the rail
road.
JAPANESE USE THE BAYONET.
TOKIO, Sept. 4.— It is officially an
nounced that the Japanese forces oc
cupied Liaoyang at 9 o'clock this
(Sunday) morning.
Japanese Troops March Into the Cap
tured Russian Stronghold.
LIAOYANG OCCUPIED.
Pope Pleased With the Irish.
ROME, Sept. 3.— The Pope has ad
dressed a letter to the Irish episcopacy
recalling the recent visit to Armagh of
his- legate. Cardinal Vincenzo Vannu
telli, expressing satisfaction at the
faith displayed and encouraging the
Irish people to persevere and blessing
them all.
San Dieeans Due Monday.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 2.— San Diego
will be represented at the Knights
Templar Triennial at San Francisco
next week by between fifty and sixty
Sir Knights, nearly all of whom will
be in the parade Tuesday. Com
mander Buker and nine others left
on the steamer State of California this
evening. They are Sue in San Fran
cisco Monday noon. ...
Government Troops Win Engagement
With Itebels Under Command of
General Saravia.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Sept. 3.—
The War Minister, who is in command
of the Government troops, reports that
he has gained a decisive victory over
General Saravia, the leader of the Uru
guayan insurgents, who was wounded
during the engagement.
URUGAYAN INSURGENTS
MEET DEFEAT IN BATTLE
TRINIDAD. Colo., Sept. 3.— President
Howells and Secretary Simpson of Dis
trict 15, United Mine Workers of Amer
ica, have issued a call entreating non
union coal miners who have assumed
the positions made vacant by the strik
ing union miners to strike September 7.
The call appeals to every non-union
man in the Southern Colorado coal dis
tricts, and guarantees them the same
protection and help that Is being fur
nished the union men who are on
strike.
Labor Leaders Entreat Non-Union
Miners to Leave Work.
URGE MEN TO QUIT.
It is wonderful that the commissary
arrangements made it possible to con
tinue to supply the men during such
a continuous battle. The Russians
were better fed, being nearer their
own base, but the terrible strain of
the continuous fighting caused some
of them to fall asleep in the midst
of the cannonade and even on the fir
ing line.
During the ten days' fighting the
condition of the soldiers of both armies
has been pitiable. Many of the Japa
nese prisoners were starving and al
most naked when captured, which
speaks volumes for Japanese endur
ance.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 4. 2:50 a.
m. — The battle of Liaoyang. which be- •
gan with the Japanese advance on Au- !
gust -i. the day of the christeninz of j
tliti Czarevitch, and concluded on Sat- j
urday, September 3, with the retreat of 1
General Kuropatkin, is believed to
have l>ven the longest and the bloodiest |
of history. Nunn-rous incidents in the
lighting upset the theory evolved by
experiences in the Boer war. that a
modern battle must necessarily be
loufcht at long ranee. Both sides re
peatedly came to hand-to-hand en
counters in bayonet charges, and the i
men on both hides were often so near I
one mother that they could distinguish i
features and hear words of comment, j
la o£t instance they were separated"!
o:i!y by the width of the railway, and !
actually threw stones at one another, j
2 he mad cei uism of the Japanese and !
the stubborn tenacity of the Russians
have not been paralleled anywhere,
save in some of the desperate encoun
ttife ol the American Civil War.
Correspondents state that several of
the bayonet attacks made by the Jap
anese throughout the battle were)
forced by the depletion of ammunition. I
at which modern arras entail such ex- J
tra.vag;int expenditure. The Japanese
came on with empty gruns and with
hopes of finishing the attack with cold |
steel, but it was proved £.t their own j
cust that such attack could not be j
driven home in the face of the fire of '
brcachloadingr guns. j
The Russian artillerymen suffered ¦
terribly in the prolonged fighting south |
of the Taitse River. One battery lost '
forty men killed ; and the remainder j
uounded, and when a fresh battery ;
was brought up into position the sur
vivors protested with tears at being
removed, begging to be aliowed to die
beside their own guns.
The work of the Red Cross Society,
which, throughout the war, has been 1
devoted to both sides, proved almost i
as dangerous to doctors and nurses •
as did the work of the combatants. \
Many bearers and their assistants have •
been killed or wounded in attending*;
to injured under fire. A Sister of Mercy ;
was killed and a surgeon wounded in |
the final assaults on Liaoyang.
Telegraph operators and correspon- j
dents have suffered severely. Two cor- !
respondents of the Associated Press |
have been shot and one has been dec- |
orated for bravery. ;
Conflict at Liaoyaiijr Will Take a Fore
most Plait; in History.
ONE OF WORLD'S GREAT FIGHTS
Haskins came to Chicago in 1879.
He was well known in the electrical
world as an inventor and writer. In
1844 Haskins is said to have sent the
first telegraphic message that ever
passed between two countries, .wiring 1
it from Buffalo to Queenstown,-Cana
da. His most notable., achievement
was evolving the multiple switch
board now used for telephones all
over the world, which makes it pos
sible to operate any number of lines
from the same exchange. ¦'
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— Clark Caryl
Haskins is dead from inanition at his
residence here after an illness of sev
eral months. He was born in Buffalo,
N. Y., . November 22, 1827, and was
the- son of R. "\V. Haskins, A. M., a
well known scientist and writer.
Man Who Designed Multiple Swifcli-
Board Passes Away.
DEATH CALLS INVENTOR.
"Then you will please pay a fine of
$25 and costs out of the treasury," re
marked the court quickly. "Next."
"I'se a grass cutter," replied Case.
"I am de "whole works in de Grass
Cutters' Union."
"Are you the treasurer?" inquired
the court, smilingly.
"Yes, sah, dat's me," was the re
ply.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3. — Justice Caver
ly dealt a blow to the "Grass Cutters'
Union" to-day. when Henry Case (col
ored), the president, secretary and
treasurer, was arraigned before him
for disorderly conduct.
"What is you business?" inquired
the court.
•'Whole Works" of the Amalgamated
'tf Grass Cutters Roujrlily Used.
COURT FINES THE UNION.
The birds are attracted by the
threshing operations and the immen
sity of their numbers renders the
figrht against them practically futile.
•Small boys are employed to fire off
guns at intervals, but even this meth
od is failing. It is expected that the
damage done by the birds will be con
siderable.
STERLING, III., Sept. 3.—Thou
sands of blackbirds, the numbers of
which are constantly increasing, are
attacking the corn fields and small
gx!iin in this section, greatly to the
alarm of the farmers, whose harvests
are gradually disappearing into the
capacious "crops" of the little visi
tants. Armies of men are fighting the
birds in an endeavor to save their
Exain, but little progress in that di
rection is being made.
Pests in Vain Effort to Save
Their Grain.
ILLINOIS FARMS INVADED
BY ARMY OF BLACKBIRDS
Farmers Are Ficrhtlne the Winced
PARIS, Sept: 3.— Charles Sargent, in
ventor of the chain principle as applied
to bicycles, has, died in Paris, aged
eighty-three years.
Despite his numerous inventions and
improvements in the steering gear of
bicycles and automobiles, which should
have brought him a fortune, Sargent
ended his life in extreme poverty. His
inventions comprised the tandem bi
cycle, a folding invalid chair, a me
chanical merry-go-round and many in
genious appliances.
Special Cable to The " Call and New York
Herald. Copyright,' 1804, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. ¦
DEATH'S CALL
IS ANSWERED
BY INVENTOR
"There is no legitimate field for in
ternational suspicion or jealousy. All
that is being done is for the benefit ot
the civilized world in its entirety."
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— In connection
I with the recent cable reports from Eu-
I rope to the effect that extensive fortifl
j cations are being constructed by the
j Belgians on the western border of the
j Congo F*oe State. Carten de Wiart, a
Belgian commissioner to the St. Louis
! International Peace Congress, now
j here, declares that the so-called forti
fications are little more than entrench-
I intnts, necessary as a precaution
i a gainst the great native population.
j "Naturally these have been erected
j by the Congo Free State," said he.
"The country is about as large as half
of Europe. It has a population of some
, thing like 40,000,000 negroes. There are
I about 12,000 Europeans in the country.
j Many of these are Norwegians and
I Swedes holding important offices. There
j are also a good many Swiss, who like
j wise take a prominent part in the ad
i ministration of affairs. Of late a rather
; heavy contingent of Italians has been
| coming in. Of course, with this over
j whelming population of blacks all
I about it has been necessary in pushing
' Into the interior to take certain pre
i r-autions in the way of entrenching ad
| vanced centers. That is the beginning
j and the end of the 'fortifications.'
The Newburg left her berth at Mis
sion street wharf about 7:50, bound for
Grays Harbor, with full cargo arid ten
passengers. The life saving crew im
mediately boarded the steamer and
brought Captain Anfindsen ashore. He
telephoned a Redstack tug to pull his
vessel off the beach in the morning at
high tide, which will be at about 5:30.
The steamer lies in an easy position
and there being no swell is not in the
slightest danger. - Captain Anfindsen
says it was so foggy he could not see
the lights and he was too far inside
the bay to get his bearings from the
sound of the foghorns outside.
Creeping out of the harbor under
slow bell in a : . dense fog last night
about 8:30, the Pollard Company's
steamer Newbuirg, Captain B. Anflnd
sen, went aground inside of Fort Point,
500 yards west of the Fort Point Life
Saving Station and about 100 "yards
from shore. The tide was about half
high running out and, the vessel settled
easily down in the sand. Her engines
were backed, but the steamer stuck
hard and fast.
With Whitman throughout was C. S.
Corrls of Syracuse, N. Y., and the pair
alternated in driving the car.
Whitman and Corris officially ter
minated the journey at the rooms of
the Automobile Club of America, where
Whitman delivered to W. T. Scarritt,
president of the club, a letter intrusted
to him by R. P. Pchwerin, president of
the. Automobile Club of California.
Scarritt indicated the widespread ef
fect of the record ride when he mailed
an answer to Sehwerin to-night.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3:— Across the
continent by automobile in scarcely
thirty-three days is the remarkable
record achieved by L. L. Whitman of
Lios Angeles, who to-day completed a
transcontinental run to this city in- a
light ten-horsepower Franklin car. The
best previous time for the trip was cut
almost in half, and the little four-cyl
inder machine dashed along Jerome
avenue in New York as if its journey
might have been only begun.
San Francisco was left at. 5 o'clock
in the evening of August 1, and Cen
tral bridge. New York, was reached at
12:30 o'clock this afternoon. By the
route followed more than 4500 miles
was traveled, the average run being
nearly 140 miles daily. On several days
more than 200 miles were covered, and
on other days the mileage was light,
to give the tourists an opportunity to
rest.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Californian Maintains High
•Average in the. Speed
of His Light Machine
Vessel Is Not in Danger and
Will Be Towed Off at
High Water This Morning
Says Entrenchments Are
Necessary Because of the
Great Number of Blacks
STICKS IN EBB TIDE
TALKS ABOUT COUNTRY
EOUTE 4500 MILES LONG
She Was Bound to Sea in a
Dense Fog and Drifted on
Sand East of Fort Point
I Belgian Official Explains
Why Forts A re Being Built
in the Congo Free State
Travels From San Francisco
to New York by Automo
bile in Thirty-Three Days
FEAR NATIVES,
NOT GERMANS
WHITMAN ENDS
RECORD JOURNEY
NEWBURG RUNS
ASHORE IN BAY
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 190*.
Siberia exports about $13,000,000
worth of butter ayear." The milk Is
very rich, * only about .twenty pounds
being needed for a pound of butter, as
against ' twenty-eight Jn Denmark. -
Index cards, filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all modern systems in our
stationery department.. Printing and
bookbtnding at lowest prices. Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Card Systems and Cabinets.
KUTIOKI MOVES FORWARD.
30
§1 ¦ ¦ : ; •' ii :¦¦,•" .k "¦"¦-¦¦¦ ;'¦ II
1^ e remar ' <a^ e success of this famous medi- 1|
II |pS f^^^^^^ ne ' s ue entirely to its ability to cure family |g
II @|^^^^^^^ s< During its 50 years' experience it has 11
g| |S3 '^^^^^P been thoroughly tested in thousands of homes and ||
II 111 /-^^^^^P as aIwa Y s been found safe and reliable. Is it ||
|o; kM @^^^^^H your family medicine? If not, we urge you §1
p| S &^^^^^ to adopt ]i at once - A dose of the B^ters at ||
M &Mi^^^^^ e irst s y m P tom °f an y Stomach, Liver or Kidney B|
«| /disorder will save you much unnecessary suffering. ||
|| It never fails in cases of I N DIGEST I ON, m
I DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, FLATULENCY, ||
§1 CQ5TIVENESS, IMPURE BLOOD, INSOiVlNIA, KIDNEY 11
II COMPLAINTS, GENERAL DEBILITY OR MALARIA, FEVER ||
m AND' AGUE. ; Read this evidence: m
gB | Indianapoils, Ind. g 8 Herkimer, Kans. 8' 58
§§ g : "For a long time I suffered from Kid- 8 "I suffered a long time from Malaria § S§
?o g "ey troubles, but your Bitters cured me g g and could not get well "until my doctor § «$
<>&?\ and I am now a well man. I will always fk £jt prescribed your Bitters. /Now I always » §^
§§ -g recommend it." . ,: « g keep it in the house. " ;^ •.,;-,. ••; 8 fe§
|| g ROBERT H. SCOTT. | | " JASl D. SMITH. |g|
1^ THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE STAMP OVER THE NECK bF^THE BOTTLE? • l|
PRAGERS | PRAGERS / „ ]'., » • PRAGERS
ISecond Anniversary Jubilee Sale
1 rnr^ HE newness of our" stock and .the magnificent late styles displayed during this, our Sec-
i S ond Anniversary Jubilee Sale, has brought forth many compliments from thousands of
I .lucky shoppers who participated last> week. every piece of merchandise was
H imported specially", for the opening of our new: "Greater Prager Store," and all of it has been
U included in these splendid bargain offerings. Wehaye*made up in more tnan one way for the
n crowding; and annoyance necessitated by the improvements that are being made in this store.
H Monday there will "be newer things than ever ready for you.
I "Racine Feet" ; " Fall Millinery
1 " NOW Here JgT . t j \*\ . Every one of our large
a been looking and wait- f RJJ V^ sir C i *•
I ing for nearly a month. \i V **%>^r j the meantime we are
I They come in black gg ALWAYS .RELIABLE showing some pretty
1 only, are fast color and M ft -A^inrrTCT at ready-to-wear . styles at
H seamless. To make .up JP* 1238' l2oO jyiAJKiVJC. 1 3 I.JONt* the same popular prices
El for the long delay in . / that centered so much j
1 their arrival we will now - . ¦ ¦ . _•. " intcrr.it in this deoart-
I offer .hem a, the very All the Shopping Inducements that have :'^ nt Ll s Son Too
I p°ir fo" C 25 O C °* 3 made this^store popular are still here. mist see our display.
1 Yon Must. See Our Women's New Fall
I Garments to Be Posted on Styles
H ' I will be special offerings on Monday in our Cloak and Suit Department of the
a I mo^t novel and up-to-date styles in the various ready-to-wear garments for women.
|j The exclusiveness of all of our styles makes the garments all the more desirable. The
gj same — and in many cases lower — prices prevail than can be found elsewhere.
I (>'}/) rA This is the "Paddock" Coat — the very name of which i suggests something
D vSLL Vm J 1130 "'^" an^ swagger. These coats arc made very similar to those worn V^NH -Z
H Www by men. It is 45 inches long and trimmed with velvet. The colors are *^** >
m black and brown. •
H (iC 4- (ff? CA e "Terrace" Coat is another new and stylish garment / / Iff^
B ihl 7ri TO thlZ t)ll t ' lat nas J ust come out OI tb e Eas t. It is 42 inches long / k
h yM/^iv '•'"'vi' and comes in an assortment of beautiful mixtures and lftJwi'i^^ l\ -°"
H plain coverts. They are made collarless, have strapped seams, belte,d back and are •. v^ivViir K \.l '
1 halt lined. They are worth fully a half more than the prices we are charging. V VvaI' *k
¦ tfO ACT c lave anot^ cr beautiful tan Covert Coat named "The Melba" — it is ArH |
H 42 mcnes ' on K and satin lined throughout. Has a pleated back and is cM^'\ ACf&rJf
B belted. It has the new style pleated sjeeve and a deep cuff. It has a f^fl ' it^^^^
Q fl*!^ AC There is a big variety of suits at this price made esoecially for Misse3 'M UKx^ U'U
ra thlZ.4*) and for small women. They are made of fancy mannish mixtures; the | p ||
H coat is made the tourist effect — belted back, double-breasted. The col- If a U 1
U lars and cuffs are trimmed with pretty shades of velvet. The skirt is . made with B • jl |l
H seven g'ores, high kilted. • • - ¦ // i h \
M fa-t i AC s w^ at we have marked for women's high class walking suits, made of &j *tX l| 1
H w\£ )t) beautiful fancy mixtures. The coats are either "Butcher" or have a jL \\ |l|
M . fitted back, prettily strapped and trimmed. The skirts are seven and -^^J^sjJiL »C
(j nine prorc, pleated, kilted and trimmed. They come in colors of gray, blue, green %S?^&^*^S53§$!5
ffl and brown mixtures.
¥t fl*f7 iC ' fl*IO TC J d*IA 'Tf For at least twenty styles of new fall suits that have just been
i tbii.4»), •DlO.l!) 3flfl tOlV.i*> °P ened - The y are th « "Butcher," "Tourisf and tight-fitting,
I <p.l I •**/•. V1U»I^ U11U. tpi7«l«; whh or without vests _ In factf every new and desirable
H style— without going to extremes — will be shown in our room Monday. The materials arc Broadcloths,
p Cheviots, Voile, Fancy Mixtures, etc.
I Dress Goods That* Are Certain to Be Remarkable Showing of the Latest,
I -"Favorites" This Fall Season Ideas in New Fall Waistings
I effort has been made to collect' \X/ E have ' M l V nusuall >' big and attractive
jj /^^ for our Monday sale the most desir- assortment of fall waistings that we are
H able styles in dress goods at popular showing for the first time Monday.
H prices. We have gone over our new stock care- We have marked prices within reach of all.
I fully, and. believe that the following items are There are nearly the same styles in cotton
B among our strongest £ . goods as may be seen in those strictly all wool.
j !§§!! I iiii|iiiSlt^
i Fancy Homespuns (black and colors). 23c , o 50c and one of
1 .BotaV/'Mijl, Albatross gM. . ,%<*. SfeJSgSSgS" S^gS S5J*fi«S
1 Oe'anf sidiord (S3=SS fo^SS a yard. <*-• nav>-, bro»-n, red, tan, olive, reseda.
I Cream Alpaca-OOc ,o ¥1.25 a yard. SOcTyardlThi, h an un-s-ally handsome ™t-
W BLACK SILKS. ' inpr/ which has been sold for 75c a yard. There
U 27-inch Guaranteed Taffeta; $1.00 quality for 75c a are about 30 patterns of all-wool, raised, heavy
H yard ' • cor^ effects, .lace work. etc. There is every color
R 36-inch Guaranteed Taffeta; $1.65 quality for ?1.25 'to select from.
g a yard, . WOOL EIDERDOWN.
B 24-inch Guaranteed Peau de Soie; the $1.35 quality 19c ai yard — This comes in red, gray and white col-
Ijj for 08c a yard. ors only. And it is because of this lftnited variety
H 24-inch Guaranteed Peau de Soie; $1.00 quality for . in colors that we are offering it at a reduced
Bj 75c a yard. price, as it regularly sells at 30c. a yard. '
I Ribbon Specials Women's Fancy Goods : Boys' Clothing
H T"^ OSITIVELY there is f I variety and low * I *HERE will be some
B 1"^ not a quality or price of J[ prices' of these goods will I .value surprises in store;
H* ' -ribbon; listed here that be an attraction to at- for you next Monday in;
I can be excelled. We are of- tend tn e sale. this department. J ;
I fering unheard of values for HANDKERCHIEFS. ¦- . SUITS. t
M our Monday sale 165sC each— Women's dainty Jpl.05— Navy Bin: Cheviot Sailor
M white sheer lawn handkerchiefs, Suits, the collars and shields of
I 13c a bblt— No. r Blackf Velvet trimmed with rows of w Valen- which are neatlv trimmed. .They
B „.., t . . , ~. ciennes insertion and wide lace are exceptional values, and are
H Ribbon, satin back. There are C( ig e . They are well worth 25c. ma de for boys from 3 to-ao years
H s V^full 10 yards to a bolt. Thi3 rib- but our price for this sale has o ld.
g bon sells regularly at 35c. : | been greatly reduced. There is — Double-breasted Chariot
II a fine assortment of patterns. Suits; well made, and with fit
§3 25c a bolt— No. 2 ' double-faced DRAPE VEILS. equal to the higher oriced jroods.
H ', Cniin T?;kk«^ %, uu \,* ui.. 4J)c— This is the same Chantilly They. are a regular $3.00 value.
I Sa^".f lbb ° n ' m , blac i' . wh f Drape Veil which had such tre- *2.25_NorfoIk Suits, in navy
f| and Nile colors only. This rib- mendous sale when the advanced blue, with Eton collar. Thas is
k| bon is made of the very best shipment arrived a fe\* weeks a very pretty * garment for the
JO quality and always retails at 5c ago- It is well worth $1.00, and small boy and has be«n reduced
W afv'arrl As thrri- are ten varHc is shown in small dots and scroll from the regular price of $3.00
I :; r f y " d - , * h " e " e te " yar . ds design around the border. They , for this sale.
H : '-iin this bolt this is a fine bargain. are yards lonR and t h e co i_ $2.45— Sailor- Soits, In bhio
B . . ors are the latest shades of blue. . serges and fancy Scotches and
Kg oc a yard — This is a ribbon made TOP SLEEVE LACES. tweeds. -They are handsomely
m particularly for children and is 20c to $1.5O a yard — We re- trimmed and are In many very
j| worth fully 10c a yard. It is a ceived by express "only. Saturday pretty patterns. formerly
1 fine plaid hair ribbon, ifcj inches -a splendid line of dainty Net sold for $4.00 and $5.00. ¦
ra niA.. ir>A m *A~ n ( * onn A rt ,, a i Top Sleeve Laces. They come XNEE TROUSERS.
I wide, and made of a good qual- Jn an( j. are of the very We hzvc ma de another . redaction
H lty of taffeta. prettiest patterns. These colors on all of our 50c knee trousers.
|| ." /l will be all the rage this fall — The. price now is -Oc. "This
B 21c a yard— A fancy Taffeta Rib- black, butter and white. ; , tells you what an enormoas sav-
II bon, 4 inches wide, made of good 18-INCH ALLOVER. ing is now possible.
H quality silk, with white and col- We are showmg lace allover 18 • "MOTHER'S - FRIEND"
i ored grounds and small colored inches wide that willmatch most ¦ WAISTS. • %
H >*.« a Tf u , r , (tl1 i, r Anr . of the above laces. They are all All of our 50c "Mother's Friend"
I borders. It is a regular 40c popu i ar pr i ced goods an d very. Shirt Waists for boys have been
H value. .¦ : . i '^ : ,:, beautifully designed. reduced to the low price of 40c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.- _.__
THE BESTJffUWrOB ASHORE
BEARS YACHT|Pii|
I WHISKY I
eTciSTSiBUTEO BY _ AuenW/1/th IB
iS^FPW0CP^ SHERW00D 1
v/ilCn***' . SAfl FRANCISCO *— -* JB
the light KuirzrizrG
"DOMESTIC"
The Leader in all modern improve-
ments.
"Not how oli<>ap. but how good," is
the motto of the
DOMESTIC S. VI. CO.,
J. IV. EVANS. Agent.
1C21 EA3KET ST.. Near Sixth.On Monday, Sept. S, the Southern Paclfla
train leavlag narrow gauge depot, foot of
Market street, at 4:13 p. m.. will be ran
through to Santa Cruz; returning, leave- Santa
Cruz 5:05 a. m.. Tuesday. Sept. 6. •
Narrow Gauge Train to Santa Cruz.
Harding of the west-bound Oregon
express here last Wednesday, when
three men stole a package containing
$900 In silver. RIley had $310 in silver
when arrested. He had come into town
for food. Riley declares he Is innocent.
Police Capture Man Accused of Haw
ing Hand in Robbery of Ore
eon Express Messenger.
KEMMERER, Wyo., Sept. 3.— <l K!d-
Rlley waa arrested here to-day and is
being held for alleged connection with,
the robbery of ' Express Messenger
CO3IES TO TOWN FOR FOOD
AND IS PROMPTLY JAILED
It is the opinion of every mother that
a boy never loses an opportunity for
attempting to break his neck.
Twenty-three miles of American rail
roads in 1830 expanded to over 200,000
miles in 1904. .
James Means' $2.50 and $3.00 shoes for
men have no equal. Superior to many
$3.50 shoes In style, wear and shoemak
ine. 100 styles, from maker to wearer.
James Means Shoe Store, 16 Fourth st. •
L.ASSA, Monday, Aug. 30.— The
Durbar to-day was' attended by the
Chinese Amban and Tibetan Regent,
with three councilors. Colonel Youngr
husband, commissioner with the Brit
ish expedition, was informed that two
clauses of the treaty with Great Bri
tain had been agreed upon., The ques
tion of indemnity is still to be set
tled.
Announced at Durbar That Tn%
Clauses^ or Treaty With Britain
Are Satisfactory. \ >
SETTLEMENT OF TIBETAN
TROUBLE SEEMS V PROBABLE
People who look over the affairs of
others are. very apt to" overlook their
own. f ¦ ¦' - " ¦-- — :
Objects to Term "Old Maid."
j | Miss Ellen |j Thorneycrof t Fowler has
recently been protesting against the
use of the term "old maid" in connec
tion wlth__unmarried women, says the
Lady's -Pictorial. Spinster is the word
she recommends ; to describe mai
dens, whom she strongly reproves for
their disparagement of marriage and
men, while at the same time she up
braids married women for the \ ridicu
lous : air Of -superiority they, assume
over their spinster: sisters. The spin
ster, she rightly maintains, should be
as much respected as the matron, who.
on the ' other : hand, ¦ has no ' occasion - to
feel specially proud of her position. . '
CHICAGO, Sept. 3— According to a
decision . rendered to-day by Judge
Chytraus of the Superior Court, Board
of Trade operators who succeed in en
gineering a "corner" in wheat, corn or
other commodities which are made on
'change have no right to compel pay
ment of the manipulated price instead
of. the actual value of the commodity at
the time set for settling of the trades.
The case was that of a number of
firms and individuals on the Board of
Trade, operators and the Bank of Mon
treal. Nearly $500,000, representing the
difference in price for July oats, 1902,
-which 'was demanded by the manipu
lators of the "squeeze," and the actual
market value pries, was tied up in the
bank.
Chicago Judge Renders Opinion That
Hurts Speculators Who "Squeeze"
the Market. '¦¦¦ \ ¦"
CANNOT DEMAND PRICE
MADE BY CROP "CORNER"
CAMP No. 2, THOROUGHFARE/
Va., Sept. 3.— By Monday morning the
largest peace army ever assembled will
be in camp and ready for the mimic
warfare, to begin at midnight Monday.
The detraining tracks were utilized
and illlustrated to the militia, and also
to the regular troops, who witnessed
the detraining— the advance in railway
facilities for handling .troops. :s --\
Interesting! and Instructive Work Ex
emplified at the Maneuver
Camps in Virginia.
SOLDIERS GIVEN' LESSONS
IX DETRAINING TROOPS
Theater Train Daily to San Jose.
During conclave week, September 5 to 10 In
clusive, the Southern Pacific will run the
theater train, leaving San Francisco at 11:30
p. in., through to San Jone. ntopplng' at inter
mediate iwints. •
A thousand million miles are covered
by the various trains of this country In
the course of a year.
The freight engines and cars engaged
In the traffic of this country would
make a string 9000 miles long.
Trapper's Oil cores rheumatism and neuralgia*
Druggists. SOc flask.- Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.'
Trainmen Blamed, for Wreck.
WINNIPEG, Sept. 3.—Re
sponsibility for the' fatal accident at
Sintaluta, N.\V. T., yesterday has .been
fixed on Engineer T- J. • Johnson : and
Conductor 'Irwln of. freight -train- No.
118. At the' Coroner's inquest a .verdict
of criminal -/.negligence was-*" returned
against them t and i they were arrested.
Dread ' Disease Shown to Have Caused
Death of Animals In Penn
sylvania Stockyards.
LANCASTER, Pa., Sept. 3.— The dis
ease that has been causing the death
of a large number: of cattle sent; to the
local stockyards from the West 7 and
purchased by . farmers has been pro
nounced Texas fever. The* outbreak has
been reported to the national'authori
ties. It Is alleged that the # Inspectors
have been negligent.
CATTLE SHIPPED FROM
WEST 'HAVE TEXAS Jb'EVKK
In addition to the club quarters in the
new building, which will be twelve
Btories high, several floors are to be de
voted to commercial purposes.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— When the J300.000
life insurance policy for which Mrs.
Pauline Harriete Lyon has made ap
plication Is written a local banker will
advance $300,000, with the policy as col
lateral, for building the new home' of
the Women's Athletic Club, of which
Mrs. Lyon Is secretary. It is expected
that with the success of this novel
scheme work on the structure wilt be
rushed, a large sum of money already
having been pledged by the members.
In addition to the $200,000 obtained
on the policy, it is stated that a mort
gage also" is to be given on the build
ing. Two hundred thousand dollars has
already been pledged through the ef
forts of club members, bondholders and
others Interested In the success of the
organization.
Woman Insnrea Her Life for $300,000
to Secure Loan on the
Policy.
FUNDS TO BUFLD CLUB
SECURED IN NOVEL WAY
OGDEN, Sept. 3. — The body of a
young man ground to an unrecogniz
able pulp by three passenger trains
near Promontory, Utah, has been
found to-night to be that of Alexander
Havanian, a medical graduate of Tale.
His nearest relative, Kapriel Terzion
of Newark, N. J., was notified and
sent for his remains.
Yonne Man Ground to Death in Utah
Identified as Alexander
Havanlan. •
VICTIM OF CARS FOUND
. TO BE A YALiE GRADUATE
.At Its recent sittings the Grand Jury
returned about , twenty indictments
against the Silver Bow County officials.
To-day's report arraigns several of the
county officers for apparent Indiffer
ence and lack of business methods in
the conduct of affairs of the county.
BU.TTE, Mont., Sept. 3.— The Grand
Jury to-day returned to Judge William
Clancy a partial report of the work
done by that body in the return of In
dictments directed against certain
county officials of Silver Bow County.
The report makes a number of charges
against Coroner M. Egan, Commission
er W. D. Clark, Assessor Daniel Brown
and others. "Steal," "bare-faced pilfer
ing of the public's rroney" and like
phrases are freely used throughout tlje
Grand Jury's report.
Arrnljrns Several County. Officials for
Their Mnnner of Conducting
Public , Affairs.
GRAND JDRY USES WARM
LANGUAGE IN REPORT
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.— John Bar
rel t. the American Minister to Pan
n:r.c, has ::iadc a tp<'cial report to the
i>:a.te D-jpartir.ent relative to the pres
ent arc! future conditions on the isth
mus as affected by the building of
\hr Panama canal, vhlch Is Intended
to pi event sore disappointment on the
rart of adventurous Americans at
i!acted toward Panama by the resump
tion of the work on the vast enterprise.
Jt Is understood that the Panama
1 ommlsricn is especially desirous to
ttcure the widest publicity ..for the
naming sent out by Minister 1 Barrett.
The report in substance Is as follows:
1 — No man seeking & position as
cierk. Btencgrapher, typewriter, engi
neer, foreman or any similar class
h . 1 com* to the isthmus In expec
tation cf securing a positions unless he
: ¦-.* made eomo previous arrangement
for employment or has sufficient funds
to pay his expenses In Panama and
j«:urn to the T'nlted States If he finds
r." opening. More men of this kind are
row coming to Panama and Colon
then there are positions "to be filled.
The coet of living is very high, prices
having Increased nearly 300 per cent
la the last six months, and there Is a
gr«»£t shortage of cheap and whole-
Fomf lodging and boarding accommo
riatioES.
2— ¦vThll* Panama and Color!, as well
us LowBS'in th« zone and In the Interior
of Panama, are sure to experience a
- ¦ nsi durable measure of material and
industrial progress through the exca
vation of the canal, there are not at
present many opportunities for the es
nbiishment of new mercantile,^busi
ness and professional firms, and there
j-hould not be an inrush of merchants,
1-asiness and professional men in the
• xpectation of finding considerable and
:-ady openings for establishing tbem-
Z— It Is the consensus of opinion
: • i'ieb members of the commission and
< : her? who have studied the situation
that both Americans In the United
states and Panamans have greatly
• xapgerated the increase of population
•¦> hit-h result from the construc
lioa of the canal and of the number of
nun who will be employed by the com •
mission for the carrying on of the
undertaking. Including tho«e who
• ill be employed on the canal and
: h'.-rs who will come, the increase will
':•' about Zi.000 people. This number,
moreover, will not be coming here at
• rice, but pradually through a period
¦ f year? and as they may be required.
4 — There is not yet any real boom In
Panama, in Colon or in the zone, but
;• nts for houses, stores and offices have
doubled and trebled during the last few
months and are now almost exorbitant-
I • higrh; in fart, the Panama landlords
arp — *ome of th»*m — so unreasonable in
their charges that there is danger of
Jheir driving business from Panama
piujH r into a neighboring zone.
t — The disajjreeable and unhealthy 1
tcctum cf the Panama climate have ;
(-••en ridiculously overstated by those 1
u ho have studied the situation super
!i« ially while parsing across the isth
iiius in transit or wha desire to create a
As a. matter of fact there
hna not been during the months of
July and Atigurt a single uncomfort
:i!ile night for sleeping, while the aver
; ce days have not been hotter than
1 hose of New York and Washington.
There has been hardly a single instance
of serious illness among the consider
able number of young men who are
here in the employment of the Canal
< 'ommission, while the percentage of
sickness among the larger group of la
borers employed at Culebra is not
prrater than that upon similar excava
tion work In the United States.
There has not been a single case of
yellow fever for over a month, and
there Is less malaria than Is often found j
in sections of the United States where;
there Is considerable turning of the soil, j
My corrections of overdrawn criticisms
of the Panama climate must not, how- 1
»ver. be Interpreted as meaning that j
t here ere not unfavorable features here.
They exist, as they do In all tropical
lands, and. of course, the conditions of
maintaining health and enjoying life
are not by any means as favorable as
t hose In the average temperate climate.
When the present able sanitary corps
• ho have charge of improving health
condJUons In the Isthmus have carried
out their plans for the Improvement of
the canal etrip and of the cities of Pan
ema and Colon there 1» no reason why
this Isthmus should not be one of the
healthiest places In the world.
POSITIONS AKE FILLED
Cost of Living Ts High and
(importunities for Securing
Work Are Not Numerous
American Minister Tells of
the Existing Conditions
on the Isthmus of Panama
KEPORT WARNS
ADVENTURERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 190*.
31
At Calvlnla, Cape Colony, a Btatae Is
to be erected over the grave of Esau,
the loyal Kaffir, who was flogged and
shot by the Boer Invaders during th»
war.
• ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
US of her -life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman'i
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the darfger is avoided
by, its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea, and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mothers B/3 jfwS&h/f\SThy^>
Friend. "It is worth it3 weight in gold," jWjjHSK§Bf|"^|] t^
eays many, who . have used it. fx.oo per If |\F8taiB%?ia %^P
bottle at drug stores. Book con taming
valuable information of interest to all women, will IC|f\H^Qff5» iiP
be sent to any addrea* free upon application to sT B lS^l2€e|
BRADFiSLD REGULATOR QO*. Atlanta, to ll t IVIl\i
I .GOING! ! GONE!!!
lEtnClfif VHiSAlE n. KESnCtOE ffiU SAVE IT. TOO UTE FOI KarlCIDL
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
. The OR10INAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Germ '• '
TlMtol&a*tl»GltfeM-^
Prof. I'nna. the world's greatest dermatoloetst them with vaseline rubbed the same upon a jrulnea
(«sk your doctor about him ) was the first to- dls- j pis and the pig became bald. Newbro's Herpl-
q over the mkrofclc and contagious nature of true clde Is the original dandruff germ destroyer. It
djndrtift His discovery was verified by Dr. 'kills the mlcroblc growth and permiu the hair to
babourand. of Paris, who denuded a rabbit with grow as nature Intended. A wonderful hair saver,
human dandruff flakes. Also by Lassar and Bishop A delightful dressing. Stops Itching Instantly.
Cnf Stores, $t.CO. Sens tQc, stamp, t» rlERflCIOE Ce., Oept H, Detroit, Kiel, for a iispfe
APrMOAnOHS AT WOK DrBJT BAMHB SHOPS. , J
DR. I'IEItCE'8 KJE3IEDIES.
•• I am well now and
erg oying better health
than ever before in
my whole life."
Thai ia the statement of a woman ¦wbo
h«d nerer been well tmtil ehe waa made
well bv the nse of Dr. Pierce's Faxwite
Prescription. There are a great many
other wreaen in like case. They have
always been «afferer» from disease. They
have never known the joy of perfect
health.
For all such -women Dr. Pierce's Fa-
Torite Prescription hold« ont the proe*
pect of perfect and permanent health, by
tbe care of tbe womanly diseases which
weaken women. It establishes regular-
ity, dries weakening drains, heals inflam-
mation and elceration, and cures female
weakness. It makes weak women strong
ayA sick womm welL
"It rim ae plea*are to letroa kaow of tbe
' rjreat Benefit receired from Dr. Piercs'* rnedl-
tiata aad the adrice which yrm so Vlnd'y sent."
wrile* Mrs. Bertie Parker, of Eonham. Kxrania
Ox. T*xaa. "I took your * Favorite Prescrip-
tioa * 'Golden Medical Discovery 'and 'Pleasant
yeUet*,' and foltowed toot ad\-lce rerartHna; the
'Louon TableU.' «ind" am cured. I had beea
txraieii by differrrst «lortcr« and «petit one bua-
4f»4 <!o!{ar« JorTteataient and raedidne, b:it
r*ceiTcd very Mttle^relief. I ha»e only «pent
•evrnteen «l<i^«r» and fifty cents for yor.r ma-
rine «r.d it lia.% cured me In three or four raoatbt
x>'. Tilceration end faliinc °f wterua. 1 wflered
KTfw mi»err in my back, »lao irrejrular periodi.
Kad bcariar^k/wn in lower portion cf body and
t:x»t pcin all thro-j£h my body. Pain in uteru»
vm» -nry •errre. Had aihothcrlar speUt.breaih
waa vcrytttiixt all tae titae. tad paia in «toraach,
jai= sn ray thirSis. paia «.n hrea.st. a!»o between
my shoulder. Bowels con«tlpat»«d. I asx well
cow aad enjoyicgr belter health !tan erer befcre
la my wboie Ufs. Ara nanny to tell you that
J wn* cured by yovr cftoi »drice acd good ratii-
tlo»a. the ' KoTtJnte Presrripticti.* ' Cclden M«l-
tct; DiscsjwetT.' 'Pleasant Pellet* ' aad 'I^otion
TaUci*.* These medicine* erred me aad wilt
cure others klsa."
T!^«: c":a"«T who oflFers a substitute for
"Favorite IVrv'.TJption " does so to gain
tlie iittlc mort orofit paid on the sale cf
kss mentorious His profit is
your Irm. therefore accept no substitute.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellcta regulate
tbefavjnU N >r~"'
THE EMPORIUM. ;X THE EMPORIUM.' I > THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
g ' K *^* K * M * MK ** M1^*'**** I!LLI LL__I * . ' " '* ' ' ' i J»
| "357 B " y Y °" r m "" r S " fipli " "' °" r f H win^rre W b"n1'"hol f fn pt' fggg. f
t : ISilP Muslinwear Sale ¦: :^^l^^r^^. The Juvenile Dep't ¦ F«f gm f
ittSSSSfol B eg i»«i,, s Monday-Bit Assents. . . ¦ Panned for This Week. , £sL \
i wj§<v> The manufacturer wanted to keep his entire regular- nent patronage of those who buy it. The handsome new juvenile department on f /| ; M i
i W force at work during lhe 5lack season - Therefore he \W E do. not. exaggerate; we never second floor will be a Verv busy section of the^J? J^jjr * L\\ Z
I rf^ was willinR to make up these garments for little or no misrepresent- If goods pur- store tO-moi/OW. Bring the children early be- JW$Q3L ' Wi
I P \ /JMffMm proflt - Jhafszvhy they are so cheap. chased of us are not satisfactory f H h u PfT ; nc :f ,._„ ,..: cK trt c u o^ in jT2^^^^ h/ «
W\«P ; t™ S -«"-- was m ade in alaree , fy . sanitary . jn ev respect , they can be | <°£j§™*^™ y ' to Share ,„ 4&gM . l^ |
K W/wri^/#TOii/ factory. The materials are first class and contain no xurnea. m * & 't*L3w\ IV I •*
i //<¥Q Wfcm&P dressing. Thev are cut full size, well made, ever v gar- j^v T HE store decorations for Boys' Norfollc Golf Caps-A. pictured with P i ea t, ,ni «»?• «cro» the to?, WSJl! V M 5
i mm mentperfect - PIHSi^ mLitz^T, b z &^W^SmgMMm? 9^ mSffhW$«l
J . I] I$&fy$d\ X di^P rent Styles Of Cambric Or Lawn Gowns— SOme SP£ M. , te era put up in a retail .tore in Boyi; Auto Caps— Black or brown leather. . SOo I V±^Z!^l\ N?f^.2? J5
*I /'f Xd^il \ lace trimmed, Others With embroidery and dainty hem- j^^Sr America. Do not m'us thi grand Boys' Ruulan Overcoats — From th« tame good maker* who furnish us our ' Jv" /a^Lvj*^ \
* \^A H \ Stitched tucks and ruffles, V Or Square neck: -> **^ and unique display. .p«hl f S oo coat. «nd thc^t," .tyle .nd fit are the "me, . **{¦ i^Jff >» 'I
H Y^^ii^ \ ti \ *. r* »n - r> OB~ although the matenalt art no: qu-teai good; colon nary, Ox- ffhf% ¦ J V^ '2
»' JLTX/^// /^56V» \ C Cj0Wn> * • • ¦ 4BO $!- 2 5 Uowns • • • OOO -s^- -w-^->. ¦*-, ford and olire; gilt buttons, »i*e» a# to Jynjbegin'g Monday. l^iilVV J>jWB7y,J Jfo '5
5 P«^^C 7// @^V^ 75C G ° Wni * * • • G2C $l3<i G ° WnS ' • 98 fH Thl*S StOre CiOSedi B °y s ' 5OC Pantl 2 9«-C»^ » *<* left from former .peclal «!ea, dark ffiQf * ** \ J&lh *
* \&W^J£]L--Z^ V 5 8c Gowns . . . 69O $1.98 Gowns. . $1.39 ' " 2S & S ** r(S *"'V2*W\ or medium light .h,di. for ichool wear, .tronty made, ••«« for 4 O O#» i^ /* i' A\ I
* V .-. - * ¦ Alii nemnr TV#*»«a/r#»lX \ to 1 6 yean, beginning- Monday Om&%jr MM / f \ fS 5
*l J? \y ot^C Eight styles of Women's Drawers— either lace or em- «« i/«ry # uv&OMcay Boys' Nautical Rctfers— a new coac for bo y> 3 to '10 yea'n.* hit' the thing to \^ ; > ffi %
v t> M >f" broidery trimmed, at such tempting prices as these: +~^~~^~^. wt ar orer «i!©r or RuMiannits, dunbie and pretty coat»underpricei»t $3.b u /?rZ77fflm&f L^sn Ifl **
t,; JJrmt'e/'S A'AjfSft n ra ,,, r . OOt* 8 -c Drawers RQti Boys' Sailor Suiti-Oood wonted terge, in n «ry blue and all wcol cheviot b fi-SW %m Z
K 48? /l?kirtl\ 4> L>rawcrs • • • *yC 8 jC drawers. . . . O&O - dreiiy mlxtures-iizes 4 to to yean co S n fZ 4 J ttiWf WMl \
t / J+J l) Z£A \ 65c Drawers .-. . 48o Si .25 Drawers . . .93o _ -„ *gbffftja Children's Nainsook Dresses -'siaes for 1, a , n d 3 ye,r.- Br «ty 'cmbroid-ry §]»> \ Mm I?
J Five pretty Styles Of CorSCt Covers— every One nicely frSQEB B S2lf a B l or lace trimmed yoke*, .bo« jo doren only, while quantity larts, ' ffiP^ ' Bl HH
S- {$*$ A made and Pettily trimmed in either val or torchon laces, ajm^ad" /Zoo^T f °i?72 ** Jff^ ® 5
i *W^4m and per r fect flttinR: v * o r '"" ao msiUsiBS^y ai P k. s..io r 5^,-1^ L^ .-«, «, ,, l8 Md », (g& la :?
J. W flttlir 25 ° Covcrs • • • • '9° 5 OC Covers . . . . 42O ** $3.50 values, while quintity lasti ' !. $2,4-5 /% 1/^^M fWX ' X
X / •'Vrlnl 35C Covcrs • • • -23C 65c Covers . . . . 48c . An early Little Girls' Reefers— In red, cadet, brown or bine e!oth«, «;ir»* {, 4 «nd 5 y:arj, f^^^^^^k^^ 'x
I k **Mf. Six different styles of Petticoats-in plain hems and . diSp]ay - f B^'lSe'NcawcaV Vc-ChoW oV '.„> ; s V U^T "I
£' //'/ /v7:V Bl tUClvS, embroidery Or lace trimmed: • acomp.CCC shield or band bow in the department, MonJay and Wedntiday . . . . JQq jB^/ < %^r>tf3$£ ! ¦*
V /!}}) ,9. .'/! \ || >i-25 Petticoats. . 98c >'-75 Petticoats. . $1.39 i'^MMM&W&^ iinc of the Boys' Merino Underwear— Medium weight garmenti " .' 5Q O W_J /^V» '2
J, /7irWJW/ ) .i"A • i- J o'° P«ticoats. $1.19 52.2; Petticoats . $1.89 WSmm^Mm accc P tcd F*H Golf Shlrt.-Separatc cuff, and collar, SGo [p* Wtfgf 77^ /Of £
I /^'^ in SECOND FLOOR. ?*. *"*—*«* «* combination, ....... $ U OQ V^^ j
I Here 6s Welcome Wash FssBsrtcs News m0S^ SlV.!r ;^^» he Mew Costumes and Wraps i
I Also some bedding values-Monday and while quantities last JSfflmEgti^ vvintcr Di * '^BB^SP^ ™a^Jf Biltieresti&U NOVeltSeS ?
K Woven Midras- Our ritire stock of 31-inch high class India l.inon — On: cist, full 40 inches wide, sheer ¦J&B&SmSiW^^f: rect from the \^^Jr^ TU u • j • • «
* madra«, that were 15c, ice and the weave, instead of 16 %c a yard, tale price . . . ttc \ largest Eastern 1)1 •»/ have arriVcd m time for the Conclave week receptions and dances — j»
* yard (ume even more) *?ec : al sa-e price .. .MdSC California Blankets — 71x80 inches, fine wool, nice \ and European ¦ « large assortment of costumes and wrapi for afternoon and evening. The -J
V Perca!ts-A lot of medium co orngs b«t 36 inch, R ," 'u/, *_' T h/ «rU Vamouff 7??* X houscs Out- /i^W^>^ mast « d «igners have sent us these handsome creations weeks in advance of >
k 1 2 'ic percales, evf rv on- desirable, «si; price ._. . Gold Mcdil Blankets — The world famous J 1 2. 50 TSwT nouses. wut /m;*£& ; *£*F\ oV nthm in «r^<., t~ m - ?.», ij jrt/-t ji_ X
K .7 l /2 C Goid-n Gate Mills Bankets, per pair . . .$8.45 ¦ V ) of-town miili- f£-v'T'' ! sm ' unusual demands for the Conclave and other %
£' American Madras— 27 inches wide, heary clcth, regu- Bed Sheets— B each-d stout sheeting, seam in midde, jCs 'flbz****^^ — ners are wel- £l&^ l^wMA C functions. J«
X ls''v 10c 1 vard ill thi; week . S 2 4fS doublebed »izs (76x00 inches Vinstead of 60c, each 44- O ¦ «^ ¦ MXb&<>\£?] •• h'M/i'-*y'- : - *'¦'¦'< M'^lh- u t • . , .. €
I t£tZ£m£$^^ 20c Pil!ow Cases-Hemstitched, 45x36 inche* Th? come to visit Mb- ...;Ji| Every j authoritative style detail, .0 radically different from the past season, J
$ twisses, etc.. non^ worth less than 25cth5jard.be- week, each 15o - / > "• the. style show kfe :f7 Ml \ » embodied in our new gowns. The new sleeves full at the top, the new .«
ti ginning Monday 14c Pillow Cases -Same me, plain ..• 1Oc during Conclave week. \-lW& F^-ffl;! skirts with that billowy fullness and the latest trimmine effect. % •
X» Amf gm* m * *>* *e* *% *% t— — *. *- ar S e Gainsborough Hats, in black, green and terra V^'V^ t^fl'l A Ji j • r • .^' . .5
*¦ SSk &&B3& &S5Se %b3*8£& r^^'^t&iSrni^^r" -f ' cotta, nimmed»ithpium«, from 'M Alterations are free and satisfactory here. Deliveries \
* Ideal Wardrobe Trunks 'K^S U^ S $18 io $25 Kj^^M can be made quickly. : J
£ Visitor! to the city this week will pick up »o many souvenir, ifelli L^_ i: 8 Urge Black Hats, in the novelty shapes, trimmed JM'^WfJT Gown, Of , r ,n. A W J P u ,- *. '«
I and odds and ends that .hey" ill need an extra suit ca- c to take \7 P Wkh "^ P^™". 'eluding, the new Gain,- f||| MM. J °^ n «T£f cre^pe dech'^, memliae and French veiHap, jj^o. *J«.S«>» l45-«». *
*; th em home in; and our oin people who are going to take ad- ' 1|^^ ' borough, Duchess of Devomhire and the large f||^| f$&\ $S<>.oo, J6<Jroo, $7S . O o, | 9 o.oo and $1 ,5.00. ,J
J. vantage of thi reduced rate, to travel East wdl appreciate both ?¥[£»£& ' \j~ \ rolling brim sa lot,, from . . 1 1 j^V; ' :v : '[[kA Stunning Autumn Coats— In broadcloths, juitable for wear on all occarom. Thfy are S
J,* the suit ca«e and the *-ardrob: trunk offering. Malffli' ''' $18 iO $35 fe -Jjl : .':->"* •:. •'• : V'-A n3OSt 'y three-quarter length* and cut full. Price, begin at '15.00 and range Jl 7.50, $zc. 00, J*
** Dress Suit Case— Sol: leather, steel frame, brass lock, straps y&'V 1 ' ' ' * " P Turbans in the n:w Louis XVI styles— yet trimmed F$'i:\ : ;M:\^':' : h""\ 2 5- oo » $35- oo f J50.00 and J75.00. * •*
Ik with large brass buckles, round drop handle, easy to carry; Ml'. O with stiff aigrettes and feathers; also' velvet tur- M %^- : -^'' :^ : \ o-r,™ ~r -r it -m ,„, ., . M ** r .- - 1 *
» linen lined, russ-tc-jlor, ligit weight, regularly^- _ P/rfflr^S 9 bans trimmed with Paradise birds, from iiJI" vJiV.l^fcX * a /° D °' Tailored Walking St/WS-Natry coat tuts, the fashion X
%' $5. 15, Monday and Wcdnesiay thi 24-in. size &O>«7O =»=^^^ § MM$m '• ' 3 *O« 4 ttOCS l*}r' ¦" V ¦-•'i^'-\ ab.e Boucle mixtures in gray and blue— a favorite fall materials Double 3
K Wardrobe Trunk— Like picture, iron bound, with hardwood ***=** a ~ jW|il S* ' $^O IO >JO /o.f- : "' P&'-^l- :; .vi\ breasted coat is tatin lined and elaborately trimmed with braid and velvet Jj.
K slats, every mountin; riveted on, on: side arranged with side ' ' T Y*! I i A handsome line of trimmed hat3, made of choice w|*'|- '/ I" -V ' I "I.\ "}.. an eM ' T^ l 7 new design, full sleeve ba, double box pleat from shoulder. "«
jj- and hangers for clothes, the other with a full set of drawers, _ ' . m I in i^^^i |T materials and decidedly n-.vr and popular shapes. /k*"P ' ' / K- '¦% '• l.'!| 1 A Kuted walking skirt in trainless and braid trimmed; a full _ #»#» "2
»t including hat box and shoe receptacle, f»r Cc? - nn t^S^^^^ S& ' A $4.95 tO $4O v i||f- , XZ\ ; *;W\ 53^5° value for . &*?£>. UU J
y the ver>- lo* price, each &O3mUU Children's White Felt Hats . $1.5O to $5mOO WjWf-'-.' f-'f f-..y^ Tailor-Made Walking Suits— A large variety of cff.cts. The beat assortment .J
** _ __ ___ _ k -^ ' Chi'dren's new Fall Sailors for 95O ••¦•¦"•'; 'kLsL^Jfc^ to bs found b San Francitco, prices f 13.50 to J 135.00. 'Z
» Sale Jill" Wool Smyrna Rugs — ¦ . — _^ — 5
x 5°° A " wocl Smvrna russ » s]z ~ 3 6x72 inchcJ> 8Od v*$*i " ** co an4 5 *-5°' Groceries— Liquors Knit Underwear— Unusually Good Values These : J
£' a-aa^.^^X^^wt-^w. s?™'^ . . ........ \ . . :£3mUO l\f on d av Wednesday Thursday Vests, Pants and Tights- Jersry ribbed, Egyptian cot- neck, long sleeves, buttoned down front, colors natural X
* ijrr r iS^S^^^^1i t ;;o AU-wcol Smvrna nip«, si?e a6x,-4 inches sold regularly at J2.00, special . $/»25 . r J ton; the famous "Merodc" make; %-ests high neck, or whitr, the "Dorothy" make, suit . . . $f.5O <*
•>* W& j V^^r:;tt^i^[; V " Ail-wool Smyrna' rugi, 9x12 feet, the best valu? we # have ever offered (10 patterns to Soups— Campbell's, I X L, or W. G. M. per doz- i ong or short sleeves; pants and tight, knee or ankle Silk Vests— And Equestrian Tights, Swiss ribbed "Vega," %
K it I ~W0 '"'IS ' select from), your choice for $18.00 . - , 95O~ or . . . . '¦•'• ',? , ' ?g length; cream color; garment 5(jC colors cream, pink, sky and biack, the J 1.75 quality, °f
*» I K 9 : ' : I^i ".V. ;S', y iri $1.10 \p^^^^i\ Lard— Best Eastern, special, 3-lb. tins . . . 33o Union Suits— Two-thirds wool, Jetsey ribbed, high Colors cream* natural pink sky and black. "5
§ 5 SSSSa^S^ a * S^&\Q*^lm^^^&Kned and laid, \S^^S«aS^\ ¦ ' Victory Mush— 7 packages . . . . . . SOp, I
i ¦ tf \^&3&&?z£: S I 3anloru iop«iry , , A^TTTwl ' Bacon— Best Eattern, rpecial per lb . . 16 1-2O Qs»/«» $99 Sfl fli'nnaM P.i. «« C Gn •*
I M ft! >-" d st.00 WmmUSMi p«t or sh^ry-Go'od'quaHtv, E ai .... sec w 9.f ee 0 OsnnerSets $16.30 y^M *V .;
t 'v\-i0 -95 This Rattan Rocker-Well made and comfortable, with Mlf^Cv^f Burke' s Whiskey-Irish or Scotch, bottle .. QSo YouMl need extra dishe, this week and here', a chance to get that pretty J 23 . 50 X,~ -J
%¦ inif 1 » nrT M11 T111 1 r^l iiiirTrTar* $t a>-ing quilit es, also well cross braced underneatn, \J/^^EI~~^| Gin— Best Old Tom, pal. $2*4O, bottle . 7 5o ozi.'aoM; Monday and Wednesday will sell you the set for 1 2 persons for (pkjN^^a e?V k" '+ i f" fTyK •*
% thoroughly sheliacked and generous b size, +0 inches high, z-j inches wide, worth at V- I Kentucky Pride Bourbon, gal S2.QO * / * ' ' * • ' * ' ' i ' • ••-••,:,•;••••• S16.QO Y^fr^Cgri^ •• \ » 2S X
* lost $foo here for . $3.85 . Good Whiskies-SUver Dell, Kcllogg or SUkwood, American Beauty Semi-Porcela.n Dinner Set, like picture, ., thin and white L __ ?f^j' t^ "«
$ Ourfurniture prices at least 20 per cent Ins than exclusive furniture stores ask for same quality bottle 75o " ch ""> » "t for i. per^ Monday and Wed ne >iay..57^5 <^g^^=Sg3^
\ Sale Camp Stools Sale Popular f „ am,^ Framed Pictures, Sale of Cigars |
* For the Parades Song Hits 15c J%& / / * $1*35 Kind, 63c In the New Dep't 5
i Come ia this morning and get a Monday and all this week, these two jT/f £* £Zt±<&MS fab/%^' Jf 0 Jf &&f A variety of attractive subjects suit- Ju,t inside tie door. Don't hare to walk J
S rnm«-«rtaWe atool li?h' and easy to bl 8 P°P uIar son g hlts » regularly W^^ JS^£ Jf J2K >/SffAJ YL J d s&JtJLS MS . able for all kinds of rooms, in etch- » the center of the store any more. Every \%
* c7rj to «- during fhe three parades » 5c here, on special sa :e, per copy %F#/ &^%^/M3&1l*J W^^^Bj^^ I ing, and steel engraving,, mounted ul " <*" " toba "° on ThU ™ k: $
$ this week Monday only: . . 15o T f I imnnin ~'l »nrr~T n mi |||||| ¦ I" "" * in two styles of frames, one a i6x Washington Cabinet J
i , S c^ood u «* i8o ij«^ra i s^ Yon ,. >ffl*siiiisS^^M^SBl i^^^ftsi^ss -M it
5» 35c hardwood camp chairs, (backs) 29C 1 >C UOI a reeling IOF lOU. ' :¦¦ I ¦ * 1 * * OOO go each— box of aj, $1.23 J5;• PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3.— In *the
sixth race at ' Irvington ' Park yester
day afternoon S. Nichols' bay gelding
Legal Maxim was cut down . and had
to be destroyed. '
Legal Maxim Is Destroyed.
Elks Open Their New Lodgerooms.
'SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 3.— The local
Elks opened their: new lodgerooms to
night under happy auspices. An inter
esting programme was rendered and it
was thoroughly enjoyed J by the many
invited guests. ;
.Monsieur. Deibler, a French execu
tioner," is collecting material; for the
history of the deatlf punishment in Eu
rope.v V- ¦".•"'
Yale Athlete Has Typhoid.
NEW YORK. Sept. -3.— Edward
Clapp, class 1904. captain of the Yale
track team, is seriously, ill in Switzer
land from typhoid fever, according to
a Herald dispatch from Lucerne.
Clapp was a member of the joint Har
vard-Yale international track team
which visited England recently.
In one of the London churches there
are chairs Instead of pews, and between
each two chairs. is a shelf on which a
hat and coat can be placed. Each chair
also has a contrivance for. holding an
umbrella or cane. '
Librarians in Session at Santa Cruz.
SAXTA CRUZ, Sept. 3.— The annual
meeting of the Library Association of
California is being held here and rep
resentatives from all sections of the
State are in attendance. S. Leash of
this city and Librarian Ripley of Sac
ramento to-day contributed papers that
proved of great interest to the dele
gates. . . :
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3. — George
Wheeler, who has been one of the
Los Angeles pitchers for two years,
has been purchased by Manager Har
ris of the San Francisco club and will
begin his work for San Francisco by
pitching against Los Angeles next
Monday. Harris has released Pitcher
Phil Knell. :.;->..-
Harris Gets Pitcher Wheeler.
Baker . ....R. T. ....... .Hurple
Buckley. . .... .'*R. E. . .Martin (cap.)
Cook. . .... . . . ..R. H. B. .. . •". .Stratton
Eggenhoff (cap.).F. B. ........ .Hoope
Whipple. ... . . .L. H. B. ... . . .Hooper
Quinn. . .... ... . Q. B. . ..Hllderbrandt
vNeither side scored during the first
half, but the Wilmerding lads got
busy as, soon as the second opened
and scored a touchdown on a few long
end runs and three bucks. An easy
goal was missed. Shortly after, the
second touchdown was executed by
consistent straight bucking the entire
length of the field. Reece then kicked
a pretty goal ten. yards from the ?id»i
line. Charles Hillard, manager, of the
Wilmerding eleven, iq anxious to se
cure games with other, teams. The
elevens lined up as follows:
Wilmerding. Position. St. Matthews
Lieb, Shaffer. . . .L. E. . ...... . .Seeley
Reese L. T. ... . . ..Espinosa
Harkness ....... L. G. . . ... .Williams
Merriles. ..C. ..... Britton
Fulmore. .... . . .R. G.- . . ... .-.Morgan
The football team of the Wilmerd
ing School of Mechanical Arts out
played the lads representing the St.
Matthew's School yesterday after
noon at Burlingame. winning by a
score of 10 to 0. The day was ex
ceedingly warm and the boys did pot
show their true form. On account of
the heat- it was decided to olay one
ten and one fifteen minute half.
San Francisco Lads Score Two Touch
downs and Kick a. Goal in the
>'VM Second Half.
AVILMEKDING ELEVEN TAKES
A GAME FROM ST. MATTHEWS
* Y. C. Lawson and D. O'Brien vs.
J. McLaren and J. Stott; James Gray
and A. Wilkie vs. M. Crowe and H.
Tickner; J. M. Earsman and S. Irving
vs. vR. Park and W. A. Cook; W. R.
Eaton and E. Medeau vs. J. Reid and
G. Patterson; Joseph Gray and T. Mc-
Najught vs. Dr. Gunn and J. Duncan;
J. iMcLachlan and J. Webster vs. T.
Millar and J. Moff att; J. Elder and A
McVicar vs. Dr. Hamilton and W
Watson. .
The heavy fog that swept over
Golden Gate Park yesterday compell
ed the Scottish bowlers to quit earlier
than usual, but they got in one tour
nament match and about a dozen good
ppactice games. The tournament
match was a singles between James
Gray and J. M. Duncan. The contest
ants were evenly matched and Gray
had only four points to spare at the
finish. The score in Gray's favor was
21- to 17.
The following practice matches were
played:
S. Irving and W. "Watson beat G.
Pa'tterson and A. H. McDonald, 21 to
16; R. Park and J. Earsman beat T.
Millar and Y. C. Lawson, 21 to 16;
M. L. Crowe and Dr. Gunn beat J.
Duncan and J. McLachlan, 21 to 13;
Mc-Lachlan and Dunne beat T. Mc-
Naught and Rev. Mr. Logan, 21 to 12 ;J.
Moff att and Joseph Gray beat Patter
son and Crowe, 21 to 19; Dr. Hamil
ton and A. McVicar beat Park and
McNaught. 21 to 17; Crowe beat Dun
can, 21 to 15; E. Medeau beat H.
Tickner, 21 to 12.
The drawing for a doubles tourna
ment, to be played to-morrow, was
held last night. Fourteen teams will
meet. The drawing resulted as fol
lows:
James Tray Has Four Points to Spare
in a Tournament Match
With Duncan.
FOG COMPELS BOWLERS
TO QUIT PLAY EARLY
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 3. — San Fran
cisco could not hit Gray to-day and
this fact was responsible for their de
feat by the score of 2 to 0. This was
the fourth consecutive game taken
from the visitors. Barber pitched good
ball, but the locals ran bases well and
were lucky. Score:
Los Angelet— San Francisco —
AB. K. H. P.A. AB. R. II. P.A.
Bnard.cf 3 0 0 3 0 VnBn.lb 4 0 2 14 O
Flood,3b 4 0 0 0 3 Gchnur.s 3 0 0 12
Brshr.lb 3 1 1 17 0 Waldn.cf 4 0 12 0
Crvth.rf 4 0 2 0 0 Hdbnd.lf 4 0 0 0 0
Chase,2b 4 1 0 1 6 Irwin,3b 3 0 0 0 1
Tomn, ss 4 0 0 1 6 Andsn.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Row*. If 3 0 0 2 0iMiller,2b 3 0 T 1 6
Kagar, o 3 ' 0 2 S 0 Oortn, c 3 " O 0 2 0
Gray, p. 8 0 0 0 5 Barber.p 3 0 0 2 3
'Wheelr.. 10 0 0 0
Totals.31 2 3 27 10
Totalg.81 0 4 24 12
•Wheeler batted for Gochnauer In ninth In
ning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
I -on Angelea ... .1 001 0 0 0 O x— 2
Bare hits 1 1 O 12 0 0 O x — B
San Francisco ...0 0000000 0— 0
Base hits 0 0010 1011—4
,;l'v" SUMMARY^ ; '^v-,^*;^/.
Stolen bases — Brashear. Cravath. Errors —
Bernard, Gray, Miller, Gorton. Two-bane
hit — Eager. 'Sacrifice bit — Rosa. First base
on error* — Los" Angetee 2, San Francisco 1.
Left on bases — Los Angeles »>. San Francisco
3. Bases on balls— Off Barber 2. Struck out
By Barber 2, by Gray 2. Double play— Toman
to Chaae to Brashear.- Wild pitch— Barber.
Time of game — One hour and 80 minutes. Um
pire — McDonald, j
Gray Helps the Angels Make It Four
in a Row.
UNCLE FALLS DOWN AGAIN.
The Corinthian flagship' Speedwell,
accompanied by the sloops Genesta,
Aeolus, Fleetwing and Espy and the
yawl Frolic, started yesterday after
noon for the auarters of the South
Bay Yacht Club at Alviso. where the
visiting yachtsmen will be entertained
to-day at a barbecue and clambake.
Launches will meet the visiting yachts
and pilot them to a safe anchorage.
The billiard and card tournament
of the San Francisco Yacht Club
scheduled to take place last night was
postponed, as many of the yachtsmen
were taking advantage of -the holidays
to get long cruises.
Commodore W. G. Morrow In the
flagship Challenger left Sausalito yes
terday for a cruise to Drakes Bay.
H. R. Simpkins, W. M. Edgell and
Roy C. Ward, on the yawl Tramon
tane; J. R. Hanify and friends on the
schooner Martha, accompanying the
flagship on the ocean cruise.
The sloops Sappho, Ariel and
Minnetonka, with the yawl Royal and
the Corinthian sloop Catherine, are on
a cruise up the Petaluma Creek and
will droi> anchor at Lakeville.
Flagship Challenger, Yawl Tramon
tana and Schooner Martha Drop
Anchor In Drakes Bay.
NORDYKE SETTLES CONTEST.
ills Home RUn Drive In Eighth Beats
' the Siwashes.
1 TACOMA, Sept. 3.— Thomas and
I William^ had a pitchers* battle with
', honors about even to-day. Tacoma
played more perfect fielding:, but Se
attle's errors did not figure in the
score. The tie was broken by Nor
dyke with a home run In the eighth
inning:. Score:
Tacoma — • Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rt 4 0 0 1 0 Van H.cf 4 0 16 0
Shee'n.Sb 4 0 117 Mlhlr.Sb 3 0 0 14
i Nordk.lb 2 1 1 18 1 Delty,3lr 4 0 110
1 Kagan.c« 3 0 0 0 l<Blkns,lb 2 0 011 1
; Lynch.cf 4 O 0 1 0 Smith, rf 4 0 0 0 0
! Ca*cy.2b 4 114 4 Mrphy.lf 3 O 1 2 0
McLhn.lf .'» 0 0 O olllall. ,s 3 0 1 2 3
lioean. c 1 O 0 1 2 Wilson, p S 0 0 2 1
Thoms.p 3 0 11 0 Wllms, p31 1' 04
Totals S$ 2 4 27 20 Totals 2» ~1 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 1 00 0*0 0*1 'x_*
- Base bits 1 2000010 x— 1
Seattle V.. ..-•.. ..'..0 9 10 0 0 0 0 0—1 1
Base Ml ..0 0 2 10 0 2 0 0—5
SUMMARY.
Errons — Mohler. ' Delihanty. . Struck out — By
Thomas 2. by Williams 2. Bases on balls — By
Thomas. 1. by Williams 2. Hit by pitcher^-
Hogan, Blankenshlp. Stolen . .bases— Hogan
Doyle. Two-base ', hit— Williams.' Threc-bagg
hit— Van Haltren. Home run— Nord/ke,
Earned runs— Tacoma I, Seattle 1. Sacrifice
Wts— Nordyke, Eagan, Blankenshlp. First'
base on errors — Tacoma 2". Left on bases Ta.
coma 7. Seattle 4. Time of game— One . hour
and - forty , minutes. > Umpire— Tom Brown. - >
Cleveland Batsmen Slaughter Offer
ings of Cy Young and Boston
Has No Chance.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) 1 (American League.)
W. L. Pet. w. L Pet.
New York... 85 3a .726 New York... 70 43 C21
Chicago ....71 4tt .607 Boston 71 45 .612
Pittsburg ..07 47 .587 Philadelphia. 63 47 .672
Cincinnati ..07 50 .T.73 Chicago ....67 61 .6C3
St. Louis ...C2 59 .512 Cleveland ...63 50 .558
Boston 44 (55 .4<H Detroit 47 C6 .410
Brooklyn ...40 77 .342 St. Louis ...4GC6 .411
Philadelphia. 34 84 .288 Washington. .28 87 .243
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 8.— St. Louis and!
Philadelphia broke even In a double-header to
day. Attendance. 19,000. Scores:
Kirst game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 10 0
Philadelphia 2 11 2
Batteries — Pelty, Sudhoff and Sugden; Hen
ley and Schreck. •
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis ." 2 9 3
Philadelphia 5 0 0
Batteries — Howell and O'Connor; Plank and
Powers.
BOSTON. Sept. 3. — The Clevelands to-day
made thirteen hits off Young, winning easily —
!> to 1. Boston's only run resulted from a base
on balls and a hit. Attendance, 16,000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 13 3
Boeton 1 6 3
Batteries — Joss and Bemis; Young and Criger.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3. — Washington and.
Chicago split even to-day. Smith easily dut
pltched Townsend In the first notwithstanding
poor support. In the second game Patten was
a. puzzle In all but one Inning. Attendance,
3500. Scores :
First tame — R. H. E»
Washington 1 8 2
Chicago 6 14 4
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Smith -and
McFarland: •
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 5 10 2
Chicago 4 11 2
Batteries — Patten and Klttredge; Owen,
Walph and Sullivan.
¦ NEW YORK, Sept. 3. — New York regained
first place In the pennant race by beating
Detroit again to-day. Attendance, 7S0O. Score:
R. II. E.
Detroit 1 ,6 4
New York 2 7 0
Batteries — Kltson and Drill: Chesbro and
Kleinow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3. — Slagle, Barry and
Evers, the first men up In three different in
nings, led oft! with hits for extra bases, two
of them three-baggers, the other a double, and
all three scored on putouts. .A gift, a passed
ball and Burke' s clean single saved the visitors
from a shutout. Attendance, 4300 Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 8 6 0
St. Louis 1 5 »
Batteries — Wuimer and O'Neill; Nichols and
Grady. Umpire — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 3.— Good pitching by-
Sparks resulted In a shutout for Brooklyn to
day.' Attendance, 1000. Score:. * ;
R. H." E.
Brooklyn 0 fl -3
Philadelphia .:.....' « 9 2
« Batteries— Mitchell and Ritter;. Sparks and
Dooln. Umpires — Emelie and Carpenter.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. — The batting of Dev
lin and Dunn, combined with errors on the part
of Tenny and Raymond, won to-day's game
for New York from Boston. Attendance
15,000. 8core: . • •
R. H. E.
Boston .' 1 3 3
New York 3 4 1
Batteries — Willis and Moran; Taylor and
Warner. Umpire — Moran.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Sept. , 8.—PittBburg-Cln
cinnat! National League game postponed; rain.
SAN FRANCISCO YACHTS
ON 4N OCEAN CRUISE
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3. — Results
at Irvington race track:
First race, five furlongs, selling —
Modder won, Educate second, Estado
third. Time/ 1:02%.
Second race, five and a half fur
longs, selling — Military won, Batidor
second, Marello third. Time, 1:09^.
'Third race, one mile, selling — Den
zil won, Gentle Harry' second, Dollie
II third. Time. 1:42%.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy
yards, selling — The Stewardess won,
Maxtress second, J. V. Klrby third.
Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth,
handicap,' three-year-olds and up
ward, value, to first $325 — Blue Eyes
won. Instructor second, Gateway
third. Time, 1:54%.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs,
selling — Redan won, My Surprise sec
ond, Alice Carey third. Time, 1:08.
Racing at Portland.
ATHLETICS AXD ST. LOUIS
QUIT EVEN FOR THE DAY
California . and Washington ' will
meet in an intercollegiate football
game on the latter's territory on
Thanksgiving day. The announcement
was made by Manager Ezra Decoto,
graduate manager of the University
of California football team; that final
arrangements had been made and sat
isfactory terms agreed upon and that
the big game will ba played at Seat
tle upon that date.
Berkeley Giants to Test Skill of North
erners at Seattle on Thanks
giving Day.
BLUE AXD GOLJ> EtiEVEX
WIMj 3IEET WASHINGTON
Women's doubles — Miss Seymour
find Miss May Sutton vs. Miss Dobbins
and Mis? Florence Sutton, Mrs. Hen
drick and Mrs. Seymour vs. Ratcliffe
nisters. Miss Weed and Miss Mearns
vs. Miss Hotchkiss and Miss Valleau.
Mrs. Bruce and Miss Violet Sutton, a
bye..
Men's doubles, preliminary round —
Gott and Swayue vs. Murdock and
MacGavin; Heath and Hunter vs. Fin
nigan and Adams; Wayne and Variel
vs. fc-ins&baugh and Hendrick; Smith
brothers vs. G. Baker and Allen. First
round (upper half) — Miller and Sher
wood vs. Fatjo and McSwayne, Whit
ney and Griffin vs. Dunlap and Foley.
Overtoil and Klliott vs. Brabant and
Nourse. First round (.lower half) —
Gorrill and Roche vs. Janes and Long,
Donnell brothers vs. Mann and Gay
ness, Rolfe and Gardner vs. N. Baker
and Noble.
Seven teams will participate in the
women's tournament. Champion May
button will play with Miss Seymour
and will meet Miss Dobbins and Miss
Florence Suttos*.
The tennis doubles for both men
and women will commence to-morrow
at San Rafael. Twenty teams entered
the men's event. *
The American Champion. Mar Sut
ton. Will ComiMte With Miss Sey
mour as Partner.
A Team of Oakland Creek' Bailors
Loses Interesting Match by a
Narrow Margin. - \
In a close and an interesting
match played yesterday on the ground
near Clinton station, Oakland, a team
of cricketers selected by the Rev. S.
H. Wingfield-Digby, chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute, defeated an eleven
of sailors from vessels lying in Oak
land Creek by the narrow margin of
S runs. The Oakland Creek sailors
went to the bat first and compiled a
total of 96 runs. Holland (16), Pod
more (33) and Thompson (17) being
the chief contributors. The Rev. S.
H. W. Digby took six wickets, Storrs
three and Lewin one.
For the Seamen's Institute the prin
cipal scorers were Casidy (25). Lewin
(23), Wilding (24) and Wilkes (10).
Wilkes went in eighth wicket down,
and, with the aid of Bruce, chaplain
of the Seamen's Institute of Portland,
Oregon, made up the number of runs
requisite to pass the creek sailors' to
tal. Casidy was finely caught by Mc-
Arthur, who slid along the ground at
full length, but held the ball. The
details are given herewith:
OAKLAND CREEK SAILORS.
J. H. Holland, b. Digby.. 16
"W. D. McArtbur, b. Lewln 2
II. A. Hall, 6t. Wilding, b. Digby ; 0
W- Podmore, b. Digby S3
L. Thompson, b. Digby 17
W. Mc-Gowan, b. Digby 0
C. Carter, b. Digby 2 i
J. Mason, b. Storrs 3
W. W. Watson, c. and b. Storrs 5
\V. Swan. b. Storrs 0
C. Todd, not out \
Extras \\\\ 17
Total "oi
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE.
F. Colchester, b. Podmore 3
II. O Caaidy, c. McArthur, b. Thompson.. 25
K. Lewln, c. Holland, b. Thompson 23
H. N. fctorrs, b. Watson fl
J. W. Maughan. c. Holland, b. Watson.... 0
J. KJ v.-u nls. b. Watson 1
A. W. Wilding, c. Holland, b. Thompson.. 24
Rev. S. If. W. Digby. b. Podmore 1
E. H. Wllkes, b. Thompson 10
Rev. C. C. Bruce, not out 5
Rev. W. n. HodKklns, b. Thompson 2
Byes 3, Wldes 2 5
Total 104
TENNIS DOUBLES IX)R MEN
ANI> WOMEN AT SAN RAFAEL
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE TEAM
WINS THE CRICKET GAME
As was expected, the tennis played at
San Rafael yesterday was much better
than on the previous day. Most of the
poorer players were out of the compe
tition and the contestants, as a rule,
were more evenly matched. As a re
sult of the two days' play nine men
are left, seven of whom have reached
the third round. Of these nine four are
from the south, one from Oregon and
the remaning four are home players.
Only the best of the players are left
and the remaining matches should all
prove close and Interesting.
The best match was that between
Will Allen and Percy Murdock. Allen,
as usual, proved a stumbling block for
Murdock and the latter narrowly es
caped defeat at the hands of his
smaller opponent. After winning the
first set handily, Murdock let down
somewhat and, as usual, Allen was
quick to take advantage of the action.
He took the second and third sets easi
ly and it seemed Murdock would lose.
He got back into his stride in the
fourth set and won this and the last
set by a score of 6-4, 6-rf. •
Trowbridge Hendrick and H. Elliott,
both of the south, put up an interest:
Ing exhibition. Hendrick won three
sets out of four, but had to play his
best game to do so.
Reuben Hunt's play was much better
than on the first day and he will be
hard to beat in future. He is getting
accustomed to the courts and his gam©
Is faster. He won both his matches
easily.
The haat was insufferable and th«
players lacked their usual dash. Most
of them played a slow, listless game,
being content chiefly in getting the
ball back. Cooler weather next week
will bringr out much better tenni3.
Only three matches were played by
the women and they were too one-sided
to be interesting.
BRAKES OX LOGGING TRUCK
FAIXi TO WORK OX A GRADE
Heavy Wagon Rushes Down on the
Horses Attached to It and
KJIls the Wheelers.
REDDIXG, Sept. 3.— A logging truck,
welching seven tons and loaded with
six immense logs, rushed down upon
twelve horses attached to it at noon to
day at Knights sawmill j.lant. near
Castella, aa the result of the brakes
failing to work. Two of the horses
were killed outright and another had
its leg cut off and had to be shot. The
accident happened on a steep grade
When the driver realized that the
brakes would not work and that a aerl
ous runaway was inevitable he drew
the horses sharply to one side and
leaped to safety himself. In response
to his pull on the / lines the horses
turned out sharply and succeeded in
cramping the truck and Its heavy load,
but not before it had crashed down on
the wheelhorses, killing them.
Sudden Death of a Physician.
SAN JOSE, Sept 3.— Dr. F. X.
Spranger, a well-known physician of
this city, died suddenly this morning at
his home at 53 North Second street.
Death resulted from apoplexy. Dr.
Spranger was a native of Bavaria, Ger
many, and C4 years of age. He leaves
a wife and four grown children.
James D. LIghtbody of the Chicago
Athletic Association clipped three
fifths of a second off the Olympic record
fc?r the 1500-meter run.
There was an unusually fine field in
the pole vault contest. Five men broke
the Olympic record before the event
narrowed down to the final jumps with
three men eligible. Charles E. Dvorak
of the Chicago Athletic Association
then demonstrated his class and from
the 11-foot mark he competed alone,
the other four men being tied at that
mark. Dvorak's best was 11 feet 6
inches, breaking the Olympic record of
10 feet 9 9-10 inches, held by I. K. Bax
ter of the University of Pennsylvania,
made at the Paris Olympiad.
The keenest competition of the en
tire week's programme developed In
the discus throw. M. J. Sheridan of
the Greater New York I. A. A. and
Ralph W. Rose of the C. A. A. tied for
first place with throws of 128 feet 10%
inches, breaking the Olympic record
by more than 10 feet.
As splitting points is not allowed in
an Olympic championship the men
were forced to throw over the tie. The
best that Rose could do was 120 feet
0% inches, while Sheridan, although
beating Rose, also shoTved a reversal
of form and the distance that gave
him first place was 127 feet 10% inches.
Should the protests be allowed by
that body it will result in a tie, as De
witt won three points and the tug-of
war team one point for the New York
Club.
The final scores, according- to the of
ficial records, of the four clubs follow:
New York Athletic Club 63, Chicago
Athletic Association 59, Milwaukee
Athletic Club 46, Greater New York
Irish Athletic Association 31.
The Chicago Association, however,
has protested the entry of John R. De
witt of the New York Athletic Club,
who won second place In the sixteen
pound hammer event, and the New
York Athletic Club tug-of-war team,
which finished fourth in that " event.
The result of these protests will be,
unless the charges are withdrawn,
the awarding of the championship cup
will be delayed until after the meeting
of the governing board of . the Ama
teur Athletic Union in New York next
November.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 3.— With the finish
of the international team race, the last
event on to-day's card, the 1904 Olym
piad came to an end. Owing to protests
made by the Chicago Athletic" Associa
tion the award of the magnificent lov
ing-cup emblematic of the Olympic
championship was not made to the ath
letic organization whose representa
tives scored the most points in the
Olympic championship events during
the meet.
Jones had the Brownies snowballed
yesterday at Recreation Park. They
were his and he knew it. Still he could
not win. An error did It, just as the
error has been upsetting all the wise
calculators during the week. Mr.
Schlafley fell down this time, and hard,
too. Mr. Ganley helped him in his fall,
and then it was curtains. Score — Port
land 3, Oakland 2.
Jones is the hard luck kid, and no one
will dispute It after the struggle of yes
terday. The best the Brownies got
were three safe ones, but these would
not have chaperoned the runs In had
Mr. Schlalley not erred. Instead of
making a double play, "Shoofly" made
I one of the juiciest errors of the year,
and Ganley did likewise on the same
ball.
It happened in the seventh spasm.
Steelman had partaken of a base on
balls, and Clynes, fresh from the
bushes, bingled to right to celebrate his
break into high society. Both rested
anxiously on the sacks when Drennan
came up and swung softly on a slow
one that flitted right down to Schlalley.
Every one said "double play," but
nothing doing. Schlafley got cramps in
his fingers and the leather was making
a bee line for Ganley. Ganley had
cramps In his legs and then the
leather was breaking away to the fence.
It finally got there and both runners
landed. Drennan reached third, but
only waited there an Instant, for Mr.
Teeley Raymond had a double In his
stick and It meant another tally. .
After that the Brownies played the
game and had it won all the time, but
the Commuters gave them a hard run
for their victory. They had assumed
the lead In the first spasm when
Francks started the procession with a
double to left and Ganley swung
through to right with a single that did
the trick. That was all for them till
the eighth, when another was eased
through.
Francks again was the start-off kid,
landing one through second. Ganley
advanced him on an out and Dunleavy
clouted to the left garden. Francks
was held at third, but Dun started for
second. Steelman whipped the ball
there. Spencer missed his man and in
a race for the plate between Francks
and the ball the human being won out
and the score was 3 to 2.
Again the Brownies got the jimmies
in the ninth. "With two gone Raymond
fumbled Byrnes' grounder and then
threw it away over the first baseman's
nut. Jimmy traveled to second. All
hearts beat hard when Dr. Mosklman,
In immaculate dress, sauntered leis
urely to the plate, only to be fanned
by Ham. The score:
Oakland— ' Portland — •
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. II. P.A.
FTnrk»,ss 4 2 2 2 3 Spencr,2b 4 0 0 3 4
Ganley.rf 4 0 2 1 0Hurley.lb4 0 0 12 0
Dunlvy.lf 4 0 11 OThllmn.lf 10 0 0O
Bchlfly.2t> 4 0 0 2 5 Steelnin.c 3 10 2 0
Kruger.cf 3 0 0 2 0 Clynes.rf 4 1111
Etrelb.lb. 4 0 0 14 0 Drrnan.cf 2 112 0
Dpv*rx.3b 3 0 10 3'Beck.3b.. 3 0 0 12
Bjrn«,c. 4 0 15 3 Ray mil, ss 2 0 12 5
Jones.p.. 3 0 0 0 2 Iberg.p. . 2 0 0 0 2
•Mosklmn 10 0 0 0 N'adeau.lf 3 0 0 4 0
Totals 3* 2 7 27 1C- Totals 28 3 3 27 14
•Batted for Jones in th» ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 00000030 0—3
Hase hits 01000020 0—3
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—2
Base hit* 20011012 0—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Devereaux.. Strelb. Errors —
Schlaflty (j), Ganley. Raymond (2), Spen c er (-').
T«o-bau bita — Francks. Raymond. Sacrifice
hit — Iberff. First baee on errors — Oakland 2,
Portland 2. First base on tailed balls — Oft
Jones 3. oft Ib«r»; 2. Left on bases — Oakland. 7,
Portland 1. Struck out — By Jones 6, by Iberar
2. Double play — Si>encer to Raymond to Hur
ley. Time of gama — One hour and forty-five
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
(Pacific Coast Leajrue.)
V.'. L. Pet. I TV. L. Pet.
Tacoma 20 14 ..VSSTortland ... 17 18 .4Stt
Los AnBtlei.1'0 li .tSSSan Kran 10 20 .444
Seattle IS 17 .MSOaklaud 14 U2 ."S:>
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Rose and Sheridan Are Tied
in Discus Throw, Breaking
the Record by Ten Feet
Hendrick Outplays Elliott
and Ben ben Hunt Gives a
Good Account of Himself
SACRAMENTO. S*pt. 3— Miss Cul
ver. Romaine and Tom Slavin hooked
up la a great rave for the Golden Eagle
Hotel Stakos at one mile to-day and
gave a touch of -class" to the closing
day of the Stato Fair race meet. Miss
Culver made all tho running, with Ro
ma inq flosc up. In the stretch, the two
bumped each othtr repeatedly. Tom
Slavin get in the mix up and was shut
vff when he was preparing to make his
run. Itomaino finished first by a head
from Mis? Culver, in 1:40, with Tom
Slavin two lengths back. The Judges
lei Bpmaine's number stand, but gave
the place to Flavin on account of be
ing intorfpced wiih. Miss Culver was
p'acd third.
Reta H v.on the 2:2* trot after five
hard h»at? and carried off the long end
of the S2000 puise. Her victory was a
popular one. Both the mare and W.
<;. Durfee. her driver, were loudly
«. beared. Summary: !
1'iret race 2:31 'la** ?rot. pur»* JSOOO:
Ji-ia K. br. ro. by MeKJaaejr
:Sinui «L>urfpp> 1 - " ' '
1-idy Madron iWard) 5 1 1 -2
M !> n nvrirhti 2 •"» 3 -< <lr
Kittle liube IHO}> * A * d «"
VvPherron <San:or«i) * dlst
Morocco (OnJmeyl '' |¥t
ntse— S:1S. 2:14. 2:13%. 2:«&'rtt- " :I «-
Second race fr^-for-all par*, pure $750:
HiKhbaU. h. K. by .<:ik»oo<i-Ftsr ful
l«n <Va:icp> « * *
Kelly Prices (W'rUtotj - '- ?
Zoloi-k <I»-i3n*>> * * ¦» ••
Ir«. tllabprw * 4 *
Time— :M)U"i«. U:uS 3-:>. 2:10^-
T#.r<J iac? five furlongs, handicap — GoBSiper,
115 <B'jrlingame». A to 1. won: King Promise,
li;', (VirkeryJ. ti lo S. s^nnd; I>"na Laford,
115 <Su!!!van>, S to %, thirJ. Time, 1 :02Vi-
Anlta Knitht. Abbi^ A and Jocular also ran.
Fourth lace, fivt ar.d a hair furlongs, handl
cp_.^ ir PmUxm. V-± «Vick»-rj'). ewen. «"n:
Votencia 88 «Pulllvan». 4 to 1. se<-onj; l^lght
Braid. l<Xt o'rofswaitH). f. to i, third. Timr.
1:08. Victoria £ anj Mau«i Fh'rwood also ran.
Fifth rac«". «*\en furlorms. handicap — Pille
<J"Or 110 (Kurlingarot-). 2 to 1, won; North
Fo!e' 1<>1 Ocsswa!tf», 4 to 1, Or.
Ehor'b 103 (Sullivan). 4 to 1. third. Time,
1:26. "Aunt Tolly and Sugrd. n also ran.
Sixth rac<> en? m!!», <Jolden Kacie Hotel
B^ilinK Ptake— Uomain<>. 10*. (Vlrtoerj-). even,
wen; MiK? Culver. 1<H; (Henderson). 3 to 2.
•econd- Tom blavin. lf.4 iCropswalte). even,
third. Time. 1:40. Miss Culver was disciuali
¦fi«-d for foulins.
¦ Sever th rare, five end a half furlongs. Eell-
Inp — l>r<'n<los 1 1 r> (Vi«kfr>). 3 lo 1. won;
7enonian 1<>1 fHobart). 0 to 1. second; Magrgi*'
Mitchell. 112 (Sullivan*. C to 1. third. Time,
1:08. Hualpa. Headwater. Queen Kay and Lit
tle Gun also ran.
rTijthth rao*. six furlongp. handicap — Nullah.
1«T <Henderscn). 0 to 5, won; Ida Lam, 107
<Hoban>, »• to 1. st-cond: Tannhau«er. 110
<lUy««). s to 5. third. Time. 1:14. El Morro.
Box Eldtr and Rotany also ran.
Takes liiir End of Purse in a
Hard Race on Closing- Day
of the State Fair Meet
From the Start to Finish
He Is There, but Misplay
Spoils His Noble Effort
MUBDOCK BEATS ALLEN
SEVENTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; -three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 1— Miss Eon. »7 (Herrins) 1 0^ 13
3 to 1 — Misanthrope, 06 (J.Dale) 8 12 2 nk
6 to 1— Free3ias. 87 (Rice) 2 3 2 3h
Time, 2:03. Start eood. Won easily.
Winner. F. Smith's b. m. (4) by Eon-Eonette.
John McGurk 102, St. Slmonian 102, Flora
Wllloughby 10C, Ryevale 90. Flora Bright 102,
Sit Holla 100, finished as named.
8IXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and ud: .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— The Bugaboo, 100 (Booker) 2 3 5 14
8 to 1— Hubbard, 00 (L. Williams) 1 112 7
Even— Aggte Lewis, 94 (Rice) 5 2 nk 3 3
Time, 1:47ft. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. .Booker's b. c. (3) by Crighton-
Irene E. Light Opera 100, Sardlan 108. Blen
nenworth 103. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Just So. 113 (D. Austin) 4 3 1 1 1V4
20 to 1— Miss Doyle, 108 (Perms) 5 5 3 21><,
13 to 1— King's Trophy, 81 (Dale) 2 B 3 1%
Time. l-:21ii. Start, good. Won easily.
Winner. E. A. Chinn & Co."s ch. g. (3) by
George Kessler-Verily.' The Cook 88. Rebo
108, Tom Shelly 88, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Hors*. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Otto Stifel. 115 (Otis)... 3 2 1^1 nk
11 to 2— Ie e Water, 90 (Austin).. 5 6 2 2 nk
10 to 1— Tally H, 105 (Foley) 7 4h 35
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. B. Schreiber's b. c. (3) by Saln-We
tumka. Happy Chappy 80, Eleanor Howard
88. Commodore. Ill, Frank Bell 10S, finished
aa named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and uji: \
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Joe Gobs. J05 (Dugan) 4 14 1 1#
2 to 1— J. W. O'Nell, 9S (Wllams) 2 2 1^2 1
btol— Sid Bilver. 103 (Young)... 3 4431
Time. 1:14 Hs. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. A. -Lewis' ch. g. (7) by Lysander-
Vandallght. Evening Star 104. King Rose 102,
Mies Manners 108, Clausus lOtt, Crlsscross
lOo, finished as named. \
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horae, Weight, Jockey St. fi Fin.
5 to 2— Tim Hurst, 90 (Anderson) 2 1 l&l 2
8 to 1— Picture Hat, 101 (Dugan) 3 2 2 2 ok
15 to 1— His Worship, 100 (Dale). » 82 8 I
lime. l:0Sii. Start good. Won easily.'
Winner, L. A. Bonsack's ch. c. by Balgowan
or Foul Shot-Mauch. Ollle Burnett 101. Jack
Moran 06, Violin 101, Opinion 100, Leila Hun
ttr 90", Anona 101. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept 3.— Otto Stifel, car
rying top weight in a fine field of
sprinters, was all out to-day to win the
feature event of the closing day of the
fair grounds meeting. Favorites had a
bad day of it, but the public was on
nearly every winner. The weather was
clear and the track fast Attendance,
8000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and u^:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to o— Scotch Dance, 95 (Cnway) 4 1 4 1 h
l.i to 1— Pinochle, 101 (Rice) 7 4 4 2 n
20tol— Oudon, 95 (Thomer) 0 3^35
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won driving.
\\ Inner. A. Cole & Co.'s ch. c. (3) by Guido-
Mazurka. St. Wlnnifride 103, Lacy Crawford
102. Maverick 103. Mattle II 98. Mai Lowery
9-', Tom Crabb 103. Bountiful 92, finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE — One and ' a sixteenth
miles; four-year-olds and up; selling:'
Bettinir. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Haviland, 10C (Henry). 2 1 3%1 2
17 to 10— Celebration.llO (Fecht) 5 3 3 2 4
25 to 1— Ben Chance, 101 (Aubh) 3 4 h 3 2
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Corrigan's br. g. by Lettoon-Anvolee.
Blue Mint 98. Harney 10U. Our Besslo 109,
ltabunta 9S. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Wm. Wright. 9S (Feoht) 2 1 1%1 zy 2
11 to 2 — Foncasta. 105 Mountn) 1 2 nk 2 1
11 to 10— Branca* 110 (Henry). 5 4 4 3 6
Time, 1:40 1-6. Start fair. Won easily,
Winner, J. E. Cushlng's b. c. by Boundless-
Maybe. Katie Powers 05, Exclamation 9S, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— B. Kinney, 103 (Aubch) 5 1 3^1. 3
7 to 6 — Subtle 107 (Nicol) 2 6 2 2 2
20 to 1— Intense, 100 (Wilson).. 6 4 2 3 1
Time. 1:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. C. Jones & Co.'s b. f. by Belvidere-
Miss Kinney. La Londa 105, Lieutenant Rice
9S. Prince Brutus 105, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin-
Even — Port Royal, 108 (Henry)..' ft 4 1 lh
6tol— Huzzah, 104 (Mclntyre).. 0 6 2 2%
9 to 2— Bragg, 10S (Helgersen). . 1 2 2%3 h
Time, 1 :47 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Wernberg'»*b. g. (5) by King
ston-Maurlne. White Plume 100, Don't Ask
Me 95. Ahola 102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; all ages;
Fii'ed stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
13 to 1— Big Ben, 11G (Prior) 4 4h 1%
CtoO — McGee, 110 (Henry).... 1 5 2h
3 to 1— I. Llndeey, 113 (Aubchn) 2 11 3 3
Time, 1:12 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Dumell's br. g. (4) by Ben
Strome-Mint Julep. John Smulskl 05, Floral
King 113. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; all
ages; purse: \
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Don Domo, 108 (Nicol).. 2 1 M 1 8
3 to 2 — Matador, 01 (Aubuchon) 7 6 2 2 h
2a t3 1— New M. Hay, 113 (Prior) 5 6 4 3 1'
lime, 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, J. F. Newman's gr. g. (3) by Ran
cocas-Faithless. Monte 1>1, Atlantlco 111,
Walnamolnen 114 Proof Reader 111, Pickaway
114, Ida Davis 108, Day 111, Henry W. King
117, finished aa named.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— Saturdays and
holidays are always looked upon as
"red-letter" days for "talent," for it is
then that surprises invariably occur.
To-day was no exception at Harlem.
The shock came in the Speed stakes,
the feature of the card, when C. E.
Durnell's Big Ben, a cast-off from the
Keene stable, won at 13 to 1. He ran a
sensational race, coming with a wild
rush at the end and getting up in time
to beat McGee. the heavily backed 6 to
5 favorite, by three-fourths of a length.
The latter had only a head to spare
over Irene Llndsey. The stake was
worth $1S85 to the winner.
Don Domo, the Texas "gray streak!"
came to life in the second race, which
was at six and a half furlongs. He
led from start to finish, winning easily
by a half-dozen lengths from Matador,
the favorite.
The track was fast, the weather
cloudy and the attendance the largest
of the meeting. Summary:-
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
14 to 0— M. Johnson. 100 (Nichols) 3 2 V£ 1 1
17 to 1— Silent Water,95 (Greenfd) 2 « 3 2 h
10 to 0— Sad Sam, 10U (Sherwood). 1 1 Vx » Vt
Time. 1 :13 o'-6. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L,. Marion & Co.'s b g. (5) by G. W.
Johnson-Daj break. Mansard 116, My Alice 100
Red Raven 108, Money Muss 100, Trompeuse
95, finished aa named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
for three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
.1 to 1— Wild Thyme, 108 (JMartln) 4 3 2 1 h
7 to 6— Leader. 106 (Hlldebrand). . « 4h 2 1
3 to 1— Grey Friar, 108 (WFiHcher)l 1 h 3 '^
Time. 1:47. Btart good. Won driving. Win
ner, A. Miller's b. t. by B»n Brush-Rose.
Brooklynite, Ed Tierney. Hydrangea, Sheriff
Bell. Stonewall. Pennant finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
for two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 2 — Cairngorm, 112 (Lyne).... 4 4 Vi 1 *i
titoC — Councilman, 117 (O'Nell). 3 2 2 2fi
6 to 1— Blucher, 107 (HUdebrand) 1 lh 3^
Time, 1 :06 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. Pacefs b. c. by Star Ruby- Linda
Vista. Princess Erts. Agile, Dazzle. Sauls
berry, Cotillion, Charley'* Aunt, Amberjack
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles; the
Century stakes; for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
9 to 2 — Stalwart, 116 (Redfern) 4 3 h 1 h
11 to 20— Ort Wells, 115 (O'Nell) 3 2 2 2 8
12 to 1— Shorthose. 120 (HUdebd) 6 4 2 3 6
Time, 2:311-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, K. R. Thomas' rh. c. by Meddler-
Melba. Major Dalnnenleld, Delhi finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlones; the Flat
bush; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20— Tradition. 112 (L.yn«).. 2 2^1%
12 to 1 — Olseau, 113 (Shaw) 3 8^21
C to 1— St. Bellane. 112 (Redfn) 6 4 2 3 4
Time, 1:25 X-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, S. Pagers b. t. by Goldflnch-Keclare.
Broadcloth. Burnt Hills, Veto and Sandria fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACK — S4x furlonrs; hljhwelght
handicap; all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Waterside. <»l (Crimmina) 1 2 6 1 10
Ito2— Lady Amelia. 126 (Hllde) 6 112%.
20tol— Adios. SS (Miller) 7 3231
Time. 1:12%. Start very bad. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. Maddcn's br. c. by "Watercress-
Troyene. Divination, Ancestor, Martinmas.
Castalian, Ada Nay, JRaglan and Ingold fin
ished as named.
Time, 5:14. Start rood. AVon easily. Win
ner, Mr. <"hamblet's b. g. by Hermance-Visavls.
The Hugged Cavalier. Knight of Harlem, Sea
eul! and Delivery linished as named.
Many of the bettors played Ort Wells
largely because Tradition, the favorite
for the Flatbush, won cleverly and
landed some large wagers for them.
Whea Redfern, on Stalwart, got up in
time to win by a short head they were
almost dumb with surprise. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About two and a*half miles;
handicap steeplechase; four-years-old and up:
netting. Horse, Weljrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Royelle. 140, Weir 6 12 16
*>to5 — Dromedary. 142 (Veltch). 6 4 2 2^
4 to 1— Amur, 147 (Henry) 3 « 3 10
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, Sept. 3.— E..R.
Thomas' three-year-old colt Stalwart
defeated John A. Drake's three-year
old colt Ort Wells for* the $20,000 Cen
tury stake to-day In the presence of a
crowd surpassed only at this meeting
by Futurity attendance.
The victory of Stajwart made a dif
ference to his owner and to John "W.
Gates of not less than 5100,000, count
ing: the value of the stake. "Billy"
Cowan took one commission of $20,000
on Ort Wells at 3 to 5 from one of
Drake's party. Henry Harris handled
one bet of. 510,000. "Al" ] Dwyer and
others identified with, the Gates-Drake
party were offering any number of one
thousand dollar bills to various book
makers, nearly all of which were taken.
E. R. Thomas and his partner, Alex
ander Shields, backed their colt Stal
wart for the place at even money main
ly. The handicappers, track watchers
and others fancied Stalwart and it was
that class which helped to reduce the
odds from 6 to 4 against the Thomas
colt.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
CROWD CHEERS RETA II
MAY BE DECIDED LATEK
BAUD LUCK FOR JONES
After a Great ISun Eomaine
Dashes In Ahead of Tom
JSlaviii and 3iiss Culver
Scliiafley Lets the Browns
Get Away With Close Con
test by Glaring, Miscue
Contests on the San Kafael
Courts Narrow Down Till
Only a Few Stars Remain
Otto Stifel Beats a Fast Field
of Sprinters at St.
Louis.
Chicago Athletes Object to
Awarding of the Prize to
New York Athletic Club
Big Ben, a Keene Cast-Off,
Surprises the Talent
at Harlem.
STALWART DEFEATS DELHI
IN A SENSATIONAL RACE
Thomas' Colt Just Gets Up in
Time to Win by a
Head.
HORSES FIGURE
IN HOT FINISH
USUAL ERROR
BREAKS IT UP
OLYMPIAN CUP
UNDER PROTEST
NINE MEN LEFT
IN TOURNAMENT
YOUNG GREYHOUNDS COMPETE FOR HONORS IN FUTURITY
32
AD VEIITISE3IENTS.
I am compelled bj a sense of gratitude
to tell you the great good your remedy
has done me in a case of Contagious Blood
Poison. Among other symptoms I was se-
verely afflicted with Rheumatism, and got
almost past going. The disease got a firm
hold upon my system; my blood was thor-
oughly poisoned with the virus. I lost in
weight, was run down, had core throat,
eruptions, splotches and other evidences
of the disease. I was truly in a bad shape
when I began the use of S. S. S., but the
persistent use of it brought me out of my
trouble safe and sound, and I have the
courage to publicly testify to the virtues of
your great blood remedy, S. S. S., and to
recommend it to all blood-poison suffer-
ers, sincerely believing if it is taken ac-
cording to directions, and given a fair
trial, it will thoroughly eliminate every
particle of the virus. James Cubrak.
Stark Hotel, Greensburg, Pa.
Painful swellings in the groins, red erup*
lions upon the skin, sores in the mouth
and loss of hair and eyebrows, are some of
the symptoms of this vile disease. S. S. S.
is an antidote for the awful virus that
attacks and destroys even the bones.
S. S. S. contains no Mercury, Potash or
other mineral ingredient. We offer $1,000
for proof that it is not absolutely veget-
S>S&» able - Hometreat-
Bl* ETn Inent book P™ng
\% vk the symptoms and
\X. \& and valuable inf or-
Y^L mation about this
mlsf Kr^»y cians advise free
<Vgg»r those who write us.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUT TO-DAY
Spalding's Official
Foot Ball Guide
EDITED BY WALTER CAMP
Contains th«
NEW RULES FOR 1904
CJ All-America team, br
Ldj&g^» j/^L WaJter Camp; MiddU
irS^"~*>0«* "^'e 31 Foot Baii - °y a.
A - stasrs of Chicago
8f!2» 9}wf University; New Ees-
fy^ \ fVV land Foot Ball, by M.
ClVSk)) \> K. Webb, of Boston;
•fe. n%Jr \ Middle States Foot
>*HTi . •** .W ___ Ball, ¦ by Georse Op-
-«* r ton. of tha University
of Pennsylvania; Southern Foot Ball, by J.
L. de Saulles; Southwestern Foot Ball, by
M. Delancy, of St. Louis; Pacific Cb*»t Foot
Ball, by Archie Ktce, cf San Francisco, and
Canadian Foot Ball, by Frank T>. Woodworth.
of Toronto. Special articles on the game allk«
for the player and the spectator, reviews of
matches between leading colleges, and records/
ot teams. Pictures of over 400O player*.
PRICE TEH CEST3
Haw in PIiV Foot BsU1 N*»5 n^rtaei
IlOW 10 Ilaj . for 1904. Edited by Wal-
ter Camp. Contains an introductory chap-
ter for beginners, how to play, and tackle-
baclc formations. by Walter Camp;
Quarter-back, by De SauIIes. ot the Tala
1901 team; fall-back, by W. T. Reid, of
the Harvard 1809 team; Signals, by Rock-
well and Hogan of Yale's 1902 team; Do-,
fenae. by Lewis, of Harvard: Training, by
M. Murphy, of Tale. Price 10 cents.
The above books fcr sale by all newsdealers and
A. G. SPALDIIIO ft BBOS.
678 MISSION ST.
Every foot ball player should have a copy of
£ folding's Fall and Winter Sports catalogue.
Free. ".¦•-..;
"WHLA.IC MBIT.
OT7B S12 HOME CTTBS 7BEB POS 10
OATS' TBIAIi AMD APPSOVAl. " *
Our per-
I iFYoMtoEDtpAHSOUT—F;
t "^^ - rtfffflL v""""*'**'x. ¦ w *»* curs you.
The Only fw (glp^ <)tp s D nM'w
Scientific f- e n- e r G r
and /y-rS^VS- £ N y d n^ 1 -
'•wuiYev^^y^Bjnnoj;} the firs
Twitmnr L JgOMtMW TiiH ***!< AND VIG-
Urdl«C!ll MHM h iHtJISS OR OF
r9rtotorit*H9w&"B2E ? o u t h .
lOuiniUI ffif jBP r> J Itiv* m?«ns
\/; rfrt _ jgf |Sa A S3 ' known which
Vigor KM J&L&- «-»" will fully «n-
S !*5 l» r ?g and
J--£^l!™^: ls ;vv.:-^a^ ,Z- g c o m p tetely
Cta<rr> x^cgalw « £§ flffv ' el °p tn*
J^Bkk — «xiX~££7 <• v.j orwns. Used
kHi . s/^ "£. a r with oar Sol-
o. w- ub!o Me , lu
' • - . - cated Ur»-
thral Crayon*. qulcXly cure* all 'drains. Vari-
cocele. Stricture. , Premature Decay. Enlarge-
ment of Pro«tate Gland.- etc. W» want everv
WEAK or 1'NDEVEr.OPED MAX TO CALl"
ON US AND INVESTJCiATE. We are known
to be strictly rfllable specialists and cur* all
diseases of m»n by modern methods. Don't
delay. Examination and a>nionstvatkin free
For our VACUUM DEVELOPER or our spcuiat
treatments, call at cur office enly for the pre»- *
ent. DO NOT WRITE. Hours 9 to 0; Sunday
10 to 1.jHEALTH;APPL1ANCE CO., • O'fVr-
i nil street. Sao Francisco.Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ins and developing at lowest, prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street^"*.:
A London magistrate has discovered
the occasion on which a man may be
come intoxicated without disgrace. This
Is when he visits a, dentist who does
not provide an anesthetic. -¦; .
TOWN IS SO PROSPEROUS
TRUSTEES ABOLISH TAXES
Possession of $3900 Above list iinnlo of
, Expenses Causes Strnnse Dis
play of Generosity.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., Sept. 3.— So
rich has grown the village of Thornton
that the Board of Trustees has voted
to abolish the village taxes for the com
ing year, l^pon counting up the funds
on hand the Trustees found that the
treasury contained $3900, enough to pay
all the ordinary expenses for a year or
more to come. When the announcement
was made the 1000 inhabitants decided
to celebrate their prosperity. A day
will be chosen, on which addresses will
be made by the Mayor and leading citi
zons.
RACE QUESTION THE ISSUE.
State Election in Arkansas Will Be
Held on Monday.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Sept. 3.— The
State campaign closed to-day and the
election for State and county offices
will be held on Monday. An active can
vass has been made by both Democra\s
and Republicans and the latter are
claiming to-night that they will ma
terially reduce the usual Democratic
majority. Other than a nominee for
Governor, Barry H. Myers, the Repub
licans have no State candidates. Gov
ernor Jefferson Davis is the Democratic
nominee for a third term. The other
candidates for Governor are J. E. Wil
mans. Prohibitionist, and William Pen
rose. Socialist. The Democratic State
ticiiet, except for Governor, has no op
position.
While State Issues figure largely in
the campaign. Governor. Davis, in his
speeches throughout the State, has em
phasized the race question. He has
voluntarily pledged himself to recom
mend to the Legislature that the school
funds be divided so as to make the ne
gro public schools dependent upon
taxes paid by the negroes. -
Smuggling by motor car has bcen
developed in to a fine art in Switzer
land.
CLEAR TWENTY MILLIONS
IX TIMBER -LANDS DEAL
Rise in the Value of Washington Hold
ings Gives Stockholders Immense
Profit on Their Investment.
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— Less than twenty
men have made more than twenty mil
lion dollars during the last four years
by the rise in the value of Washington
timber lands. Learnfng that the
Northern Pacific Railway was willinsr
to sell its holdings ln this State. Fred
erick Weyerhauser. a lumber kinc of
the Upper Mississippi ".Valley, formed a
syndicate four years ago and called for
subscriptions . to the company's : capital
stock. Fourteen millions were sub
scribed and only six millions' ac
cepted. The paid up capital stock has
gradually been. increased to twelve and
a half millions. The lands purchased
of the Northern Pacific comprised the
finest body of timber in the State, its
value being greatly augmented because
held in large continuous tracts. Subse
quently several hundred thousand acres
of land were purchased from timber
claim owners and mill concerns willing
to sell. The company's property is now
valued at more than S30.000.000. Re
cently- some of its stock was sold at
$260 a share. The members of the com
pany say that within a comparatively
few years their timber will easily be
worth $50,000,000. The stockholders
comprise lumbermen of Minnesota.
Wisconsin and Iowa, including Freder
ick Weyerhauser, president, and R. L..
McCormic. secretary. McCormic is
president of the Lumbermen's National
Bank of Tacoma.
PARKKR RKADS PROOFS.
Plscu-s^es IK'inooratic Literature Willi
the Manager of Bureau.
EEOPL'S, Sept. 3. — Josiah Quincy,
former Mayor of Boston and manager
of the literary bureau of the Demo
cratic National Committt-e in the 1S92
campaign, came to Rosemount to-day,
liringing with him proof *heeas of the
Democratic handbook. Quincy and
Judge Parker went through the great
u:a.*s of the proofs, but the Judge would
rnake no statement regarding the cun
t^ronce nor the work on the handbook.
Upon leaving Rosemount Quincy *aid
thct the compilation of the handbook
is practically completed, but the print
ing has been delayed. The book -will
consist of about 500 papes, and the nrft
edition will be of 19,000 copies. The
committee in charge of the work con-
Fists of Quincy, George S Parker and
Representative Cowherd, chairman of
the Democratic Congressional Commit
tee. The committee h8S been entrusted
with all other documentary work
needed by the national committee.
Special Dispatch to Tbt Call,
NEW YORK, Sept. 3. — Following
their plan to make their fight in the de
batable States, the electoral votes of
which will decide the Presidential con
test, the adherents of Thomas E. Wat
son, are preparing their campaign in
New York and New Jersey. In the
opinion of many of the Republican
leaders the Watson movement is a mis
take, because it may draw as many
votes from the Republican as from the
Democratic electors.
The call for a Populist State conven
tion in New Jersey, issued to-day, like
Watson's speech of acceptance, teems
with" denunciation of the Democrats,
but allows the Republicans to go un
scathed. The call summons all the
Jersey Populists to meet in mass con
vention in Atlantic City next Saturday
to place a full ticket in the field.
"The nominee of the St. Louis con
vention for the office of President does
not represent the tenets of true Democ
racy," the call declares. "His Bilence
upon the most vital questions of civil
policy, before and after the convention,
is significant of the nominee's insin
cerity and uncertainty. His eleventh
hour telegram to the convention on
the money question was a Wall street
inspiration. The management of the
Democratic party by August Belmont
and Judge Parker's allegiance to his
managers show the degradation of the
Democratic party and the subservience
of its candidates.
"The platform adopted at St. Louis,
as interpretefl by the Presidential nom
inee and his sponsors. Hill and Shee
han, presents no appreciable difference
from the Republican platform. In ef
fect, it manifestly seeks to evade an
honest utterance upon living isues. It
is an apology and not a platform."
It is expected that a similar "call"
will be issued in this State within the
next few days. : *; '
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The feature
of the annual report of Major General
Arthur MacArthur, commanding the
Department of California, is the strong
language used in reference to the treat
ment in San Francisco of the soldiers
returning from the Philippines and
mustered out there. He says the great
est matter of concern which occupies
the attention of the department is to
get the soldiers returning from the
Philippines Into possession of' their
money due on their final payments and
safely out of the city before they can
be swindled. The ingenuity of the
criminal classes of San Francisco to ef
fect this purpose, he says", and the sim
plicity and apparent inability of the
soldiers to protect themselves are alike
amazing. -, ('
Everything has been done in the
premises that is possible in behalf of
the soldiers' interests. Quoting from
Colonel Markley, the chief paymaster,
on this subject, General MacArthur
writes:
"The stupidity and imbecility of these
'short term' men coming from the
Philippines is almost unbelievable.
Young Americans, amply able to take
erire of themselves anywhere un
der any circumstances while in
service abroad, seem to take
leave of their senses when they
arrive on United States soil and will
ingly become the prey of Jhe sharks
found in every big city. Instances and
figures could be given to prove that out
of 200 of these men paid off and permit
ted to go to the city on the evening
boat, with railroad tickets purchased
and money orders (payable to them
selves at their homes), fifty would turn
up next morning robbed of everything,
many dangerously injured by blows
and drugs. On one occasion out of
thirty-one men who foolishly stayed
over one night, nineteen turned up next
morning beaten, robbed of tickets, or
ders and clothes."
A satisfactory wireless telegraph
system , has been maintained at Fort
Mason and Alcatraz Island, the details
beinj? very much improved in design
by the operator in charge.
General MacArthur, in conclusion,
commends the staff officers for excel
lent service.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— Members of the
Association of Meat Cutters met here
to-nijrht at one of the downtown hotels
to discuss ifce stand taken by the
dockyards strikers in endeavoring to
force a meat famine. No specific action
was taken by the meeting, but at its
close it was announced that all of those
present had determined to handle meat
just as though there was no strike. It
was announced that there would be no
famine and that the dealers would see
i hat the public secured all the meat
.that it desired to use.
The lacking-house teamsters alr.o
took ar-tion against the striking butch
ers by announcing that thty would not
leonatcnanoe the strike ordered by the
butchers rgainst the independent pack
• re, but would continue to handle all
:he meat that the independents turned
out.
General MacArthur Says It
Keeps Army Busy Getting
Them Out of San Francisco
Will 3Iake His Fig-lit in
the Doubtful States of
Xew York and New Jersey
Efforts to Avert Threatened
Famine Will Be iTade by
the Cutters' Association
Flora Free, 6-4; Confident beat Happy
Lad, 19-10; Fetterless beat Pete, 22-0;
Ina Cissus beat Maid Marion, 24-2; The
Rival beat Glitter. 10-1; Fortunate
Dawn beat Good as Gold. 24-2; D R
,beat Sampler, 4-3; Young Mollie R beat
Sir Lipton. 7-5; Lady Waterford a bye,
War Cry withdrawn; Siroc beat Angu3
Cissus, 18-9; Fearless Lad beat Mount
Lowe, 7-3; Flower Girl a bye.
Reserve stake — Ready Address beat
Sunny South, 2-0; Carlow Boy beat
Aeolus, 8-3; Tralee Maid beat Pepper
Jack, 4-0; Vina beat Cubanola, 9-2;
Pagliacci beat Medea, 10-7; Frisky Boy
beat Rapid Water. S-l; Intruder beat
Apple Blossom, 7-5; Sir Winton beat
Jdaho P.oy. 11-2; Rural Artist beat
Wattles, 12-3: Rocker Arm beat False
Alarm, 8-2; Eastlake beat Bright Co
lumbia, 3-0; Mickey Free beat Jerry
Wright, 7-0; Freeport beat Flaunt, 14-7;
Imperious beat Flowery Friend. 10-1;
Biss Brummel beat Remisso Animo,
7-1; Shadow beat Modesto Boy, 5-4;
Frank C beat John Heenan, 6-2; Doc
Burns beat Old Ironsides, 21-9; Adonis
beat Mi Amigo, 8-5; Golden Fortune
beat Prometheus. 4-3; Loretta beat
Aurela. 6-2; Vandal beat Idleness. 7-0;
Doreen beat Reta S, 16-0; V/ild No rah
beat Silver Cloud, 5-3; Crawford Belle
beat Pure Pearl, 11-5: Commercial
Traveler beat Butte City, 8-0; Sofala
beat Balendine, 5-0; Conroy beat Mel
linwood, 6-3; Frank Dunn beat Beauty
Gold, 22-7; Tamora beat Glaucus. 5-4;
Real Pasha beat Free From Flaw, 6-5;
In Time beat Rose of Gold, 4-3; Yellow
Tail beat Texas Jim, S-3; Liberator beat
Bonnie Pasha, 4-2; Colored Lady beat
Texas Betty, 4-2; Runaway Actres beat
Lady Menlo,-4-3.
Second round — Carlow Boy . beat
Ready Address, 10-9; Vina beat Tralee
Maid. 7-C; Frisky Boy beat Pagiiacci,
8-7; Sir Winton beat Intruder, 11-G;
Rocker Arm a bye; Mickey Free beat
Eastlake, 6-0; Imperious beat Freeport.
7-1; Miss Brummel beat Shadow, 4-1;
Frank ,C a bye; Golden Fortune beat
Adonis, 5-2; Loretta beat Vandal. 4-2:
Wild Norah beat Doreen. 9-G; Crawford
Bell beat Commercial Traveler, 18-0;
Conroy beat Sofala, 4-1; Tamora beat
Frank Dunn, 4-1; In Time beat Real
Pasha, 3-0; Yellow Tall beat Liberator.
7-5; Runaway Actress beat Colored
Lady, 5-3.
WATSON'S PLAN
TO BEAT PARKER
MEAT APLENTY
IS PROMISED
Champion Wandee Coastguard Is De
clared the Best Canine on Ex
hibition Across the Bay.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— The flrst annual
bench show of the Oakland Kennel
Came to an end this evening after a
successful exhibition of two days. The
principal awards were:
Best St. Bernard in the show,
Mrs. Charles Newman's "Champion
Lester"; best Great Dane in. the show,
Mrs. L. S. Adams' "Rupert of Hent
zau"; best greyhound in the show, J.
H. Rosseter's "Rocker"; best pointer
in the show, M. Pabst's "Top Notch
Mason's King"; best setter in the show,
J. M. Golobeck's "Champion Cato Jr.";
best spaniel in the show, A. Wolfen's
"Redlight"; best Irish water spaniel,
William Vi N. Bay's "Mike B"; best
Gordon setter. Dr. F. P. Clark's
"Homestead Boy"; best collie in the
show, W. P..' Burnham's "Brandane
Dollie"; best collie of opposite color,
Mrs. A. H. Covey's "Robert Bruce";
best bulldog in the show, Mrs. Charles
K. Harley's "Ivel Damon"; best bull
terrier in the show, Ed Athidge's
"Edgecote Peer"; best Boston terrier,
R. J. Jose's "Boston Jack"; best Dachs
hund dog, Mrs. Phil M. Wand's "Dou
gie"; best Dachshund bitch, Mrs. Philip
C. Meyer's "Glenwood Fraulein";
best Irish terrier, John J. Douglas'
"Mr. Dooley"; best fox terrier in the
show, Wandee Kennel's "Champion
Wandee Coastguard"; best fox terrier,
opposite coat, Wandee Kennel's "Wan
dee Knight" ; best English toy spaniel,
Irving C. Ackerman's "Humberstone
Trilby"; best Japanese spaniel, Miss
Mae R. Perkin's "Fujlyame."
The three special awards of prizes
were as follows: Best American bred
dog in the show, H. M. Pabst's pointer,
"Top Notch Mason's King"; best brace
of does in the show, Wandee Kennel's
fox terriers. '"Champion Wandee Coast
guard" and "Wandee Lucretla"; best
dog. of any breed in the show, Wandee
Kennel's wire-haired fox terrier,
"Champion Wandee Coastguard."
SOLDIER BO YS
ARE EASY GAME
OAKLAND DOG SHOW COMES
TO A SUCCESSFUL EXDIXG
The finest collection of young grey
hounds in America started at Union
Coursing Park yesterday in the 'fifth
renewal of the California Futurity.
James Sweeney's Rocked Asleep, which
the coursing men have been sweet on
for some time because of his public
trials, has lived up to his reputation
for speed and has been installed stake
favorite at odds of 4 to 1 in the over
night betting. He led Dr. F. P. Clark's
Son of Erin three lengths and won de
cisively in a trial lasting but nineteen
seconds. With ordinary coursing luck
the son of Rocker-Gallant Foe should
experience no difficulty in winning to
day.
The three greyhounds which made the
best impression yesterday are grouped
in the middle of the stake. These are
Rocked Asleep. Belle Marie and La
Rosa. At the top Panoche is well
placed, while at the bottom Fearless
Lad appears to the best advantage. He
has a bye course to-day_ and is expect
ed to run well into the money.
Four of the trials yesterday went the
full two minutes, the sufferers being
The Duke, The Delta, Lady Waterford
and Siroc. '£?« : : 5*;
There were several upsets in the bet
ting during the running .of the stake.
Free Erin beat the 1 to 3 choice Stinga
ree, and Fortunate Dawn beat Good as
Gold at the same price. D R after be
ing led by Sampler beat him, the fol
lowers of the outsider getting 6 to 1 for
their money. Siroc defeated the 1 to 5
choice Angus Cissus by a wide margin.
In the betting on the result of the
stake Rocked Asleep is at 4 to 1; Rusty
Anchor, Panoche and Sunny Brook 6,
Flower Girl 7, Secretive and Belle Ma
rie 8 and Confident 10.
The class stake has such an open look
that a good price can be had against
any entry. Silver Heels and Frisky
Barbara are quoted at 6 to 1; Rector,
Sacramento Boy and Charter Member
8, Palo Alto 10. Honest John and Lost
Chord 12 and New Home Boy 15.
Carlow Boy is favorite for the reserve
stake, with Rocker Arm. Loretta and
Crawford Belle pressing him closely.
The card for to-day is an exception
ally strong one, the class in all the
stakes being unusually high.
The day's results, with Judge P. J.
O'Reilly's official scores, follow:
California Futurity stake — Rusty An
chor beat Water Maid. 14-2; Panoche
beat Lady Sherwood. 11-3; Story's Sis
ter beat Checkers. 9-2; Sky Van beat
The Earl, 6-2; Secretive beat Garadise,
0-1: Lampre Eel beat Creole Belle,' 8-1;
Sunny Brook beat Sherman, 5-4; Blaze
beat R W, 5-2; Free Erin beat Stinga
ree 9-6; Rocked Asleep beat Son of
Erin 4-2: Belle Marie beat J R, 17-4;
La Rosa beat Little Dainty, 4-1; Mas
ter Garrison > beat Clydette, 12-7; The
Duke beat Paul Dunbar, lf?4; The Del
ta beat Gallet, 17-10; Pasha King, beat
ROCKED ASLEEP
A FAST PUPPY
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3. — Seven persons
were killed and nineteen were injured,
eight seriously, to-day by the collision
of a Wabash world's fair train with a
Suburban electric car at the Sarah
street crossing. There were twenty
five passengers ln the car and none es
caped injury. The dead:
JOHN W. WILSON, Kirkwood, St.
Louis County, aged 70 years.
GEORGE 'W. MAJORS, aged 60 years,
St. Louis County.
HARRY B. CULP, aged 60 years, St.
Louis.
ANDREW McKlNLEY, aged 12
years, St. Louis.
M. B. BRISTOL, aged 60 years, Web
ster Grove, Mo.
TWO UNIDENTIFIED WOMEN.
Seriously injured — Raymond iteister,
aged If years, St. Louis, right leg lacer
ated and body bruised; Mrs. L. it. Wil
son, St. Louis, body bruised and cut
and face cut; Miss Mary Budd, St.
Louis, right leg broken; C. K. Schu
macher, St. Louis, cut and bruised
about body; E. J. Coleman, Old Or
chard, St. Louis County, left leg
broken; L. R. Wilson, severe injuries;
Alfred Jenkins, face cut and body
bruised; John Gillespie, Kirkwood, St.
Louis County, internally injured.
After temporary assistance by physi
cians at the scene of the wreck those
most seriously hurt were taken in am
bulances to the City Hospital, while the
others received attention at their
homes; All the injured will recover.
The Wabash train was returning to
Union station from the World's Fair
grounds at the rate of about twenty
miles an hour, it is stated. The street
car, which was on its way to the sub
urbs with a load of people, stopped di
rectly in front of the engine and was
cut in two. The trucks of the car were
knocked 100 feet away, while part of its
roof was carried 100 feet farther by the
train. Bodies of the dead and injured,
with the wreckage of the dismantled
car, were scattered along the track for
a long distance.
A. W. Burdick, engineer of the train,
who blames the motorman of the elec
tric car for the accident, said:
"I was within 100 yards of the Sub
urban crossing when I saw the Sub
urban car start across the track. It
looked to me as if it had ample time to
get across." .
The watchman and flagman at the
crossing and some of the passengers
confirm the 'statement that the car
stopped, started across the railroad
track and then stopped where it was
struck.
No satisfactory explanation has been
given why the car stopped in the mid
dle of the track after it started across.
Stops Squarely Upon the
Sailroad Track After At
tempting 1 to Get Across
3IOTOB3IAN IS BLAMED
Seven Persoiis Killed and
Nineteen Seriously Injured
in the World's Fair City
TRAIN WRECKS
ELECTRIC CAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
33
SIMMER III
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the ills that humanity is heir to but
thousands of people have b«>en benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and mani
cured.
If you would Improve your health ami
have a grand good time, ccme to Bartiett
bpnng3, where there is a resident bhy-
•tsiclan, a manager of araus-ments and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 0O to XS Co per
week. .
Send fcr a booklet that will tell you al'
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAX Bartl-tt
Eprings. Cal.. or call at J Sutler St., San
Francisco.
LAKE COUNTY
Xew. comfortable carriaces direct to «-<?
most picturesque portion of California Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
K,^a dally (Sundays exceptel) at 11:30 a m
direct to Harbin, Slejrler. Adams. Howard \rt-
derson, Hoberss, Srlers. Astorga aad G.'cn-
brook; half hour for lunch at Calistnga- al*o to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kel*»yvUlo ana
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
| WM. SPIEI^. Proprietor.
For health and pleasure: cure your rheuma-
tism, malaria, liver, kidney, with the natural
hot baths and wonderful stomach waters at
SE1GLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beauty baths, mineral swimming pond:
' climate perfect: 3»> guests slfepins out arr.or.?
the p!ne3: reduced rates; booklets at PECK'S
or of II. H. McGOWAX, Seigler. Lake U>uaty.
LASS'S OITW STO£Z.
@&P&*^ 431 XEABirr ST.
Dealers in Firearms. Flshins Tackle and
Sporting Goods of All Descriptions.
Camp Outfits of Tents, Bags, Stoves. Leg-
gings. Boots and Shoes. Send 3c postage for
100-page catalogue.
iiAi*wiA U f.°'° Park, one hour from
Mft!TT'0 5' ty Nn^ tralrj daily. p er -
nlll I I «\ fect clllB « te : beautiful place;
II ill I I V comfort and quiet; excelient
table.
Address W.J.MEREIjITH. Mgr.. Hoitf» School.
FADT1F'? DFCT Heart of Santa Crus Moun-
rUflULjAUl tains. 8 P. C. R. R.. round
trio £J: surrcunded by romantic streams, r.sh-
Ing, huntlnc bathing: a picturesque pU. «•:
weather ls perfect and the autumn woods and
streams are beautiful. Adults $9 SO per w»«k.
W; C. FORPE. Ecclet. Cal.
THE TAT.T.AC, LAKE TAHOE. CAZ*.
BOTH PLAN'S — AMERICA X and EUP.O-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICA^.'— 13 per 'day and
upward. SJ7 50 per week and upward. EL'ftO-
PEAN — Kooms, *t per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
ing superior to any resort on the lake.
MASK WEST SPEIITO3.
H. KOENEH. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOEXEJt will manage springs:
many Improvements; new cement bathhouse,
and gas all over place; S'i day: $10 and $12
week. Offle*. 833 Lurkin *t.-. cor. Geary, or
Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural Xo. ».
HOWELL MT., VOODWOBTITS?.^
Xo fox Purest spring wat?r. Climate natural
tonic and invlgorator. Residence 23 years. $7 ¦
per wt-tk. Wvodworth A Muller.St.Helena.Cai.
2I0BTK SHORE HOTEI^-On Tomales
Bay. Good table 1 and accommodations. Hous?
j,-as-Hghted. Prlc«s yeTr reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshalia. Martn Coanty. Cal.
SCaASTSB'3 OBOTE — BOSS VAIIST.
Private boardintr; terms reasonable. Ttfnv
meets Sunday morning trains. • Address MRS. •
MATT LINDSAY. Row Station. p.
ORCHARD HOME— Health, rest, cotafoft.
pleasure: boaties, bathing: fresh milk. es*».
fruit; *T to $10 week.- J. T. ORR. D«ac*as
Mills. Cat :¦ -' •'g---' -••¦ •:
A WEEK'S b»w»" for 8 ceat*-^-Th«SW«iMy Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for milling, f 1 per year.
ADVERTISEMENTS. f
j| ' ¦ ¦, - %
§ No operation, no pain, no loss of time, no |
i pay till cured. |
I Our Cures Stay Cured. |
§ Call and get names and addresses of those cured, g
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE; j
§ 1344 MARKET : STREET, .S. F. g
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
£» J^ 5^-
A lot of CONDEMNED FIRE DEPART-
MENT HORSES and MARES. ' By order of
MAYOR E. E. SCHMITZ, I will sell a lot of
condemned Fire Department horses on
THURSDAY. SeDtember 8. at 11 o'clock at
GROVE STREET STABLES, 122 GROVE
STREET. This is a trrand opportunity for
farmers, teamsters and contractors to get good
heavy draft horses and mares at their own
prices, as they must be sold.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
ADVERXISEMEXTS. \
/** /^V ¥^\ ¥^ F^ T^\ ¥ C** ¥^ ¥ 1^ T d~* Pact* and Plgurea Concernlnsf tnvwt-
1,1 1 \J VJ Y-+ VJ I Iv 1 lN^ I I ments ta Copper stock8 -
V-<r Jl JBL JBL-a# JBl^. Si J JL m. U. L V»il $1000 Invested in the Tamarack Copper Com-
pany In 1S90 is now worth $320,000. a
-. $1000 Invested in the Boston & MonUna
Copper Company In 1803 Jg now worth ?lso,CfiO.
$1000 invested in Butte & Boston Copper
This Hetal is the Greatest Producer of Gold
pany In 1893 is now worth $56,000.
rv« •« « • , m a m • • 11; «j ra-» r\ $1000 Invested In the Calumet & Hecla Cop-
Dividends in the Mineral World To=Day. r^S^^A^d&Sk^
pany in 1809 is now worth $.ST>,000.
$1000 originally Invested ln the Copper Qyeen
Company is now worth $SOO,000.
$1000 originally invested in the United Verde
The Rio Vista Gold and Copper Mining Company Copper Cornpiny ls now worth l1 ' 000 - 000 -
•^ , .V; -*-r •-' InuneniB Profits ln California Copper
Will Begin the Shipment of Its Ore to the Smel- nine..
Fifteen hundred dollars purchased the entire I
t pr Sl« n« the niamnnfl nnd Cflldnr l?nilwaV Bull y HU1 ««PP«r mine In this State ten years
ICl aS OUUII <XS lllC UmiMUIIU allU vaiUUI IS,d.U\Va.y agro and lt prO( i uce( i $3,000,000 during the
_ ¦' -- «--».. .- . "¦'¦". '¦''-. _^ * flr8t fifteen months of the operation of its
Has Its Roadbed Ballasted and is Ready for t^t^<^'g£^r?^t£
'mm'- m-~ - mj_ m \f.r m m.t^' ji f\ rv i£.A. m- 1« »nd forfeltedr Since then the property has pro-
Heavy Freight, and Within 60 Days After the %% ftXx,^ 81 .^^^
First Shipment of Ore is Made the Lucky Stock- $£?
Hundreds of other elmllar lnstajice» might be
HnlHf»r« Will I Infloiihtfrflv PfTf^iv** Thfir Fit* <f "mentioned to show the «nonnou» profits that
nOlUClS VYIll UUUUUULtUiy IVCtClVC IIICII I IISl have been enjoyed by tn» investors ln the cop-
. . per mines of California.
IJlVluCIlu. - The question is often asked ta mining in-
vestments: "If th« property Is so good why
——————— don't the owners keep lt and work lt them-
6elve9, and why do they care to sell?" This
argument, while eeeming logical on Its face, is.
California. Copper Ore Rich ln Gold and *nfl round to t* rich in copper, gold and *il- as a mattrr of fact, the most illogical that
v * r . »ome showing a value as high as $2000 could possibly be advanced.
Sliver. in gold value* per ton. Claims were located If John Jacob Astor had. ln the- early days
"Th« ©r« in all our copper deooaits I* •*> and * company was Incorporated and ac- of his enormous holdings of vacant real estate
•rrlrhea with «old and sMver. which irt ob- quired title to the property, and the claims In New York City, followed this argument
»«'?«/ 1 .« hr nrfx-urta that th» bas« metal le wer « trc J? that time on known as the Co- there would have been no great metropolis on
L*m£ If ««oS-r ill Hear p-ofiT fact. 6Umi5M CcJwr MIne - Manhattan Island, now the second city in size
* mnrt, .. t. fj'.. <\ R.i '-•'¦ar r™"- J" w iiiimimiiii ¦!¦» I HI )•" TJOJJ'.lVWXf in th« world. Had Vanderbilt followed this lin-
T-rrt of the copper properties ik>w r'.nr rx- f»f rea»<-rins thero would have been no New
ter.e!ve!y n:rf»1 were criginally Trorked ae ES^^^^jgK^^^p^S?^^BfgAiWE^6y^|| York Central Rallrnad Fj-i«tem. Had IIow<i
either p" '¦* or ellver prrpoeltlon*, as they con- WW^WBjMBPQlO^araK^Sl^B^fmP"^^^ accepted this theory there would have been no
t»'-»* enough •'. -:-\-r one or t»ip ether of jr^^^*fe^>-" ;^aBB®|ES^^^rjM)^S r wln K machines. Morse whh his telegraph,
that Cirecti-n. It was the combination of the wmThis rumerou^le^trlc^^ve^ons.^ou^d
b«#^ rr-fth:?- that !:.*,> their c^raUon as pre- fe v^,**^SRtoB*»i»^H^t5©iS^^ra have been in the samo rat€> e° r >'- n ls th * CO!n -
r'. v* :::'¦-..: pr T<e!5ior.« unfavorable. The or- f*^* • > '-»i^S3K"Ss3'^'^^8^ <>^y8^fe5iSS^^^M Unatlon cf ideaw. mnnry and energy that pro-
•¦ !.a«'-rr.»:a'. prop*rt!e«, for baM-metal re- •^B^fl^^^^&^RJ^^&CJB^M^^^ The stock fs paid up and ab?olute!y r.on-
,,.... ,jj e p C j(3 fi . ..j C jiver roatents bwine by- £^Sffltjy&/&i&£fe>t JbS^^^v^ '*^S ¦ ssc ssable. Soon aftpr its organization th«
products cf BUfflelent richness to practically »V»,^^^A^'^^/j^SigS!^^\^ l '- (:^^*i% company acTUired the famous Cosumnes Copper
p«) f, I the crets cf mining. utielUng. oonvert- "- :..*..' gS^Q^^/^^^Sf^^P^^ M ' nf ? • whloh u hlis ? lnce , bcen deve! °V>infr arid
Sarid^ninr. In this rWpect t«««W««.- S ''^^^^^^^W^W^ :^M cum'Srld Tan°y' wk/.""** "'
rior to th •- of ar.j ether teciiun, IT we ex- |^S.:?^^Fy^3H^§^^^g^Mg^^^^^^ J ffl^ A Rare Opportunity.
<*pt Aiiioca and the copper deposit* cf Peru, g&fw&iififfiP^*^yv?**^^^wSBt^^^^al n or(5er t0 Increase their crew, enlarge their
ir.io v. V. :. :te crecious metala also enter ln J^iSP^rf- --^^ ¦ *¦& i-^y^^^^S^^^^a P lant and conduct the mine with the new rall-
the combination «xtenelv«Iy." SS^S^-^- *^fe : i^^^^^T- i "^^V^8»^4 road> a rnlIe away< the directors, on July 12th. ,
Industrial Boniance. ! afSte ury gtocjj a t no cents per' share.
«e-a*cr TT * C.a-k. probably the richest During the past month over $15,000 worth of
" iWln'tht wo'ria. besan !:fe in a mail .tor. View Showing .Baty Bteel Drill. Operated by conWrvTuve^nvemo?, m0St
ln Mrr.tana, and now has an Income of $1,000,- Coinpr««aed Air. at Work X. nderground. 55 down and | 5 p^,. m onth for 9 months buys
™ SSSi h^wer^'der^f £Z Stete «»«alo«tat Beporf on Co.xunne. and , 23 per month for 9 montha
' this copper n-.U-.e ttat he ls enabled to build ****** bu >. 6 rt r>^. share^- .-» „ wni , th f t Q Ji,
maided a transcontinental railroad. Inrolving Th. Talu. of th* ores found in these mines bu V, imo *££- months
the npoOUn cf mor* than a mllHon dollar. W ni U ™« R -V - ** Iwue" and deliver the certificate immedl-
• per month. Not one cf his gr^at mine, «n- S f o?l O wV- '^e general a^era^e of P fhe ofa fttely upon the receipt of your flrst Pa>™«nt.
Jcved the brilliant proepecu or waa rarrounded u about 15 per cent copper. Choice cpeclmens r™?*** prs . ° f stock making full payments
by-tix' rer.arkab> convenience, which an to are eald to yield 19 ounces of silver and ?6 gold ar * a Il ° w ! ,1 *?/ .1° h ¦ -~. ~.^
be found at the famous Ccsumnes Copper and 30 per cent copper per ton." rrZn.r hr/ht/n^ >Tnf rL™^
. ' _ The vpin oi-oi- thiriv <«.»» in n-i^tji 1. ,.r-- prominent in Dotn tne puol»c ana commercial
Mine, which promise, to.be the richest cf ,™ e %eln. owthlw .feet ». ™f* life of California, well known all over the State
them an.': ; locfted a JiS of thTee or fo?r mUes as consc-rvatlve and trustworthy cltUens. They
An lir.tiKns» water power owned by the Rio The formation Is of the most favorable char- are i, „._ _ .„ „ ,. t
Vista Gold and Copjx-r Mining Company flows acter. The wes=t wall is in part porphyry and E - P. COLGAN .... .President
through their prcpertv. Valuable timber lands part cranlte. the east slate and limestone, p- m^tc?vt Iv ' Saeramen '°; C »'- .,,„. '
Ehowinir a contact vt>ln lvin» immxn^taiv ho U. E. McKLNLAY vice President
• dioin the mine, and a railroad only on. mile tv °^ nS tb \ C p°Sive and .fdim^tart rlcka" Assistant V. S. Attorney. San Francisco, Cal.
** a >'- which Indicates permanency and great depth' A - G - BURNETT Director
Di«coverr of Coimaei Mine th " beSnR the ft>nnltlca ln h «c° the largest „ i ud^ r S - u^l ricr Court> Santa R<x& -^ u
nucovery of Coromaei Mine. anJ rtrhegt CODI>er mIne , or th4i Paclflc c * an V. H. wouDS Director
Langley'* State Register fcr 3S09 recites the are found. State Purveyor General. Sacramento, Col.
discovery of copper cr* on the Cosumr.es River. Thousanfls of Toa8 f Qre g?^. ™ £
tr. a Dnrado CVasty k .,^k b»Une«. of «- fa. T 111 beghf " P - F - B - HOOD •• •••• ™™<"
«l, yWIdin* over TO per cnt pure metal. ping l0 th * mm^' r ,«« m" »»reid u S^i^^SSiS^ C °' E »«^" le^ aI -
Wfeicb, with the gold and silver values in the completed and ready to haul heavy freleht M " A - LRt t • Director
tcre^ cf the Cosumne. mine, make the best cr»>9 Cn'*' Engineer State Board of Public Works.
• jsay teveral hundred dollars per ton. But it Becent Demand for Sulphide Oreo. The hflVe i^^^ihcir i^m'r t
' rt«r,,v Ol Tr"n«!^ T,'/ W 'n«« l^t Only f ™ years a^ 0 tho!e? heavy suI P hi <3 e tection to° the P smaUest rtockhSlder 0 anTa" hon^
nurar m.wr» were v.ashine large .ortunes C i>»s were of no value on account of the lack e«=t division of the profits with all who Join
! every day from £he r.ch ulacer mtaes of the o f smelting facilities. That difficulty has been them in this enterprise ?
VrJt" If,i «-. -*%!% m% a &T 'Xll a ,o ? e J^rh ove , Tcorrui : Iike many oth " rs - b - v «»«iwn Inge- With this block of etock this company pre-
fr» tiL n « v,!m^ -£„ 5SS 1L T a t 5SJT" a9 a ri8ult - the returns from the s<?nts y ou r last opportunity to come in on the
m tiny r^ A^ who wfre d.'^Ta ta» %%t?2i££2Z?. "%*" Certaln aB the pa> " Broun<1 noor of a proposition with dividends in
f&fS2SS&JS£SSS%&. b ° ndS - and SachTbrirgr^yTu^s^n^to^s^
22^^ l^a^%rs«srs«K l T5s a s
,^'^^^^^r^ —^ SSfSV^^Ia^^^S
J^; AgvroTOBiEyfs. ._
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦IIHaiBBllBIBIlllllllllOlHllHWHllBBgBHHHHlHlHlimB
5 ff^raL* .j*^?3*lpi^J* jlv^fofe^ *r No man should be weak: no man should suffer the loss of that vital el^tn»nt B
ES^ r '*' 1 **W^^^S^3ia^^S-i^F which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to become les* a D
B jBjWg^M^gkj^BB^MMwSSyKMjg man than nature Intended him; no man should suffer for the sins of his yo'ith. H
B mBan*^y^MBBBKCTiJM8HaKM* when there Is here at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to his wasto R!
H K*^ti Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, gj
ra. fjTgfiBlY •-'¦"' ; • \WjjjJJmHBHBHKBj from which you men suffer, are due to an early loss of natures reserve pow^r rj
E9 HHttttSSsK naSSsMraESBSm throuph mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can b<* rosmr^d. «
H jffiBBffigjjjpX nralwBn llWiliTrig? The very Cement which you have lost you can fret back, and you may be a.s hap- 1:
jyiTT&iiPie^. My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory (free) will restore your
B B&TOJ^y&nwfm vSjSwIrtciPli power. It will check all unnatural drains and pive back the old viper of youth. H
B3 V«*«j^g3?§3a5. vSiSkUSSm * McCulsten. I..OK Angeles. Cal.: I am more than pleased to b" wb!>^ t.-> t-!l KJ
13 lj3pi??3?§r^^iaS \BfS8SSrai vou l ' iat after wearing your Belt but one month I was completely cured. There JEJ
a <T@t}?»^5^(SlB§Ss'i : \ \ KR3»1tt)&ffiJ ' s not thp least truce of my old trouble remaining, and it is my opinion that your p
D lTOJsSffig^\\ I j^jaBj treatment is the greatest remedy extant. I assure you that it will be a great »•
rgj t^^f^^^fojgji SffiRa?CTCT pleasure to me to recommend your Belt whenever I can. for it hna saved my **
5 HSHKaW&KHi^MiawfflliaWl This d rflin l 'Pon your power causes Kidney Trouble. Rheumatism and Stomach ?
B -- ,¦* MoBSBI r^KW^ISBflt^\!SrS5BSI Ailments; you know It's a lnss of vital power and affects every orjran of th" body. *J
g I Illl3jJa^V£iPt9B59l£g£l toSHK I Most of the ailments from which men su.T>r can be traced to It. H
*v***t^ * have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of years in S3
My Belt is eiisy to use: put it on when you uo to bed; you feel the crlowir.c n
heat rom jt *- n0 stin & or burn as in old stvl(? belts), and you fee! the nerves tin- a
Bl «yftS»^BiJxffifflHr'EwJ*5BffiB £le w 'i tn the new life flowing into them. gj
B Iff-tSraBCTSfaMB iCB » TWjSf You get up In the morning feeling like a two-vear-old. «
LS y^aggreSHCTrfre' r-"'B.rea58l Alfred .S. Hamlin. 105 Elm stre.-t. Reno. Nev.: My health has improved won- n
IS TJkiM&$fl%fflJ£i>t\ ilg/iSMs derfully during the past month. I feel better in every respect than I ever did. »
m J^ff-^Eraffi^K^St-'w-lrV^^^T My back is stronger and I am better generally. ~
m /'^?!? 1^E»®fl53KA'r^»»^Sl An oIrl m:m of "° sa >' s Iir% f *?!•¦* a R strong and youns as h« did at .",". That *J
w 1 Bhov.-s how it renews the vigor of youth. w
I* «P»3SSip3E/ ig&ggSl&tljjfyjJR It cures Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. It banishes »*
H M^^^^^t'^^^^^^i^^^^. Mr. George Tanner. Watsonville. Cal.. says: I wore the Eelt only a few times a
n ir^3^?*^tiSu t%KfS?^KttV^£^(«k when all pain and weakness left my back. I recommended it to a friend ur» O
ni north who had lame back for years, and he received wonderful results. ri
K W^#Zs&"fi&bSi8g^ i^®r§iHiaa What ails you? Write and tell me. and. no matter where you fire, T think I r
n S^»S*2bS I TOiIl^'m can give you thf address of some one in your town thit I have cured. I've cured n
™ ~^^^^ry^^^^^^Rmf^&^' vm.. thousands, and every man of them ls a walking advertisement for my Belt. •*
m : 3S5?'"«^?SSi5^^^V^^K &ZK Every man who ever used it recommends it because it la honest. It does ~
r^ff^ffl^/ Vr^O^v'-^^TT^^^^v^^TOk preat work, and those whom I have cured are the more grateful because »*
]§£f$gf^^'v^&bc 1^I^«Bk^^^V Every man v.-ho us^s my Belt g?ts the advice and the counsel of a phy- Zl
|£ ffiv&&t T^^^L slcian free. I gl%-e you all that any medical man can give you. and a lot CI
H TfelwwW H *^^^^aWatll^ra^^V£r!Wl^ Tr >" m y Belt. Call or write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated gg
M iBw^a % -aJ^^S^^^?"K'^^**'^'K^ book with cuts showing how my Eelt is Rpplied. and lots of good reidlng ra
M rTwNsr* V» for mcn who want to be "The Noblest Work of God," A MAN. Inclose this c
m X ad> and I wil1 send thls book ' sealed, free. Call for free consultation. _.
I '^f^H^WSsnaSKXk DR - M - c - Mclaughlin, »
H »S^^ J$S&?J8! fiffiP^^^ ' 9C6 MARKET ST., AB0V2 ELLIS, SAH FBANCTSCO. tt
£j| OfT:ce Hours — S a. m. to S:"0 p. m. Sundays. 1^ to 1. ,-
S NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. |j
HBBBBEBaBJgHnBSgBBaBBBanBHBaBBBBHEBBHBBBaHaHB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1Tw "'" "ir* r«-»r» | «n!?»r«4 wilfc chronic co»-
• tip*iiot> «rd Annng tfali tin* I b»d t» l»«e as
MJaatljM tf « ifit w.ter oer» errtrU hoo-j brfor*
1 < -°» 1 i »>•••••• •rttoB on m» bo»«l». H»ppil» I
«rie< <:«-'*^-m. »r:d today I •in t wll tn.
Uorio c tb« aioe y»-*r» before I aa»4 Cawarrt* I
• o!>re4 unt'.;<! Bn*>-rf with «nt»rc«l piles. Tbar.Vi
*" !•»• < •»> fr*» trnto all that ltaj» morning. Ton
tan tt'iun is i-.n«:f of «r>3>rtnf humar.it ».-
6. t. Hater, (icaaoka. III.
My The Bowels
CAMCVCATTWmC tt^^
if 1^*^!- *»*£««*1'. Peteot. T***< O'kxJ . Do Gcad,
•oto ta fcnlk^ T>i« c*««tn« t*6!et »tsa»petl CCO.
<*M*«ntrea to «- O re or your nosey back.
Srerticc Reiaedr Co.. Chicago or N.V. 603
1M UAL SALE, TE1 MILLION BOXESHEALDSBURG. Sept 8.— The Re
publicans of Sonoma County opened
their campaign to-night under aus
picious circumstances. Duncan .E.,
McKInlay ' of Santa . Rosa, Republican
nominee for Congress, = addressed the
meeting and Traa given an enthusiastic
reception. •
Sonoma Republicans Open Campaign.
"What'* to a name?" TVell, William, think
of the bother to busy ta«n were "Old Gilt Edse
WhUkey" changed to another name — any other
name — well, William? '4JMK ' •
Bacred Concert Is to Be Given at the
Emmanuel Baptist Church
This Evening.
Services at the churches this day
Are as follows:
Howard street M. E. Church — Morn
ing. "The Glory of the Church"; even
ing, "A Call to Backsliders." Pastor
Rev. A. C. Bane.
California street M. E. Church —
Morning, "Human Progress"; evening,
"The Divinity of Work." Pastor Rev.
Clarence Reed.
Richmond M. E. Church — Evening,
SERVICES FOR THE SABBATH
AT THE VARIOUS CHURCHES
Rev. Father Sardi will "preach,, at I
the 10:30 o'clock mass this morning
in St. Ignatius Church. He will also
preach in the evening.
Rev. Walter M. White, pastor of the
West Side Christian Church, will
preach both sermons to-day. There
will be special music In the evening.
Hon. Leslie M. Shaw, secretary of
the Treasury, will deliver an address
this evening especially to young men
at the Grace Methodist Church,
Twenty-first and Capp streets. Mr.
Shaw is a member of the Methodist
Kpiscopal church and has always been
actively interested in work for the
benefit of young men. The meeting
will be under the auspices of the Young
Men's Christian Association.
A great union mass-meeting of men
•will be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, to be addressed by Secretary
of the Treasury Leslie M. Fhaw. Rolla
V. Watt, president of the association,
will preside and all seats in- the hall
will be free to men. The doors will
open at 2:30 o'clock.
A musical concert will be held at
the Emmanuel Baptist Church this
evening. The following programme
will be given:
Organ voluntary. Grand Fugue
(Bach); hymn, "Onward, Christian
Sojdiers" (No. 6); Invocation; soprano
solo, "Open the Gates" (Knapp);
scripture reading; barytone solo, "The
SOng of Eternity" (Nevin), George
A. Irving; prayer and Lord's Prayer,
chanted by congregation; cornet solo,
an old English hymn; congregational
hymn. "Nearer My God, to Thee"
(No. 9); tenor solo, "Beyond the Gates
of Paradise" (Robert King), J. E. Eric
son;' scripture reading; Gloria Patri;
violin solo, "Romance" (Verdi); so
prano solo, "The Earth Is the Lord's"
(Frank Lynes), Miss, Lillian M. Bean
ston; offertory. "Regret" (Hawelka);
barytone solo, "The, Singing in God's
Acre" (Brackett), Rev. J. George Gib
son; short sermon,. "In Hoc -Slgno VIn-»
ces"; hymn, "My Country, 'Tis of
Thee" (No. 20); benediction; reces
sional, march (Zimmerman).
"A Religious Fanatic." Pastor Rev. E.
D. Raley.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church — ¦
Evening, "Choosing a Helpmate." Pas
tor Rev. John Stephens. . '
Epworth M. E. Church — "The Pen
ttcostal Church," evening sermon.
Pastor Rev. F. A. Keast. -,
Emmanuel Evangelical Church —
Morningr,"The Hands of Christ"; even
ing. "Modern -Knighthood."* Pastor.
Rev. F. W., Fischer.
First English Lutheran Church —
Morning, "Painting Our Dreams";
evening, "The Mighty Fortress." Pas
tor Rev. E. Xelander.
SOME COUNTRY LANDS.
The country department of the , C. M.
Wooster Compajiy reports , sales In the
irrigated lands* of. the Boggs ranch,
Sacramento Valley, to ! the following:
Julius Loeb of Maxwell,, 13% acres,
$1690; Peter Paradeis of : Los "Angeles;
40 acres, $3200; T. C. Southamiof/Iowa,
120 acres, $9800;: M.-W.- Elliott: of Illi
nois, 40 acres, $3200; L." B. Algar of Los
Angeles, 20 acres, $1400; Ethel Rea.of
A portion of the -block fronting 275
feet on the west line of Van Ness avenue
and 266 feet on both Union and Green
streets has been sub-divided by Thome
& Kilpatrick into twenty- two. lots, 27:6
xlOO feet on the avenue and 27:Sxl37:6
feet on each of the streets mentioned;
The prices of the lots range upward
from $3500^ . ; ,
The f ollov/ing sales are reported by
A.-J^Rich & Co.: William F. Soule to
Petor Creighton; 55x127:8% feet on the
south line «f Pacific avenue, 55 feet east
of Baker street, for $10,000, to Ib'e* im
proved by the erection of a'brick apart
ment-house to cost $40,000; [Mrs. Robert
Searles toMr. and Mrs. James, 37:6x83
feet and cottage on the west line of
Fillmore street, 100 feet north of. Vallejo
for $7000; Ttfrsr Heyneman to Mrs.
Curteson, 120x117:6 feet on the east line
of Bartlett street, between Twenty-fifth
and Twenty-sixth streets, for S10.000!
The William Cranston Company, has
s?old properties as follows: "Lot 25x95
feet, on the north line of Sixteenth
street, 105:2 east of Ashbury, Rosalie
Bonn to John Barfield; 25x115 feet, and
two flats on the south line of Dorland
street. 144 feet west of Church,, W. H.
Hartwell to Richard O'Connor; .25x80
feet, on the west ]\nb of Tremont' ave
nue, 460 feet south of Frederick street,
James Reavie to Charles Beardsley;
25xS0 feet, and cottage at 135 Tremont
avenue, Paul S.; Linqulst to J; M. de
Leon; lot' on the east line of Ashbury
street, 51:6 north of Frederick, to B.
A. Schmitt.
OTHER GOOD DEALS.
The C. M. Wooster Company has
made sale of city properties as follows:
A. McDonald to Mrs. JVI. Peterson, /25x
100 feet on the east side of Rhode Isl
and street, $565; P. H. Farley to Nels
Ross, 44x100 feet on the east line of
Hampshire street, $2200; B. McHugh to
Mrs. C. Wood, 27:10?4xll5 feet and two
flats on the east side of Shotwell street,
near Twenty-flfth, $4100; M. W. Dewey
to T. A.; Mitchell, 25x114 feet and im
provements on the south line of Dun
can street, near Sanchez, $2200; Isabella
McFarland to John Deetz Jr., 25x75 feet
and improvements on the nouth side of
Clinton Park, east of Dolores street;
Joseph Ferrea to F. Tassi, 50x117 feet
on the northwest side of San Jose ave
nue, 25 feet northwest of Arcadia street,
$1000; Joseph Ferrea to client, 25x94 feet
and improvements on the northwest
line of San Jose avenue, northeast of
Jarnac street, $500; Jacobs estate to
Frederic Herduska, 26x137:6 feet and
Improvements on the south line of Pine
street, between Laguna and Buchanan,
$9840; Annie Reed to M. W. Zucker
mann, 50x120 feet on the east line of
Forty-second avenue, 225 feet south of
T street, $450; 22:6x91:8 feet on the
southwest line of Main street, 115 feet
southwest of Mission, with, two-story
brick and frame building, for George
F. Buswell to John E. Mason, for $22,
500. .
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for Mrs.
Anna M. Barnes to A. P. : Clayburg
25x160 feet on the west line of Third
street, 100 feet north of Harrison street,
with framo building renting for $150 a
month, the price being about $20,000.
• Through the agency, of Thomas Ma
gee &. Sons the Bradbury' Estate Com
pany has sold .to a client of the bro
kers 100x137:6 feet on the south line
of California street, 137; 6 feet west of
Scott street, for $17,500.
Boardman Brothers & Co. have sold
the Braly Tract in Santa Clara County,
consisting of 185 acres, to I. A. Oliver
for about $24,000.
Thofne & Kllpatrlck have sold to I*
Florence Heine the northeast corner
of Geary and Webster streets, unim
proved. 68:9x82:6 feet, for $18,000.
The' property will be* Improved by the
erection of flats.
I. W. Hellman Jr. has bought the
northeast corner of Washington and
Montgomery streets, 51.7*4x62 feet, with
improvements consisting of a two-story
brick building, from George L. Bishop
for $52,500, through the agency of
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co., as a loca
tion for the banking business of the
Columbus Savings and Loan Society.
Shaimvald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
for Samuel Bissinger, to a client, 40x
120 feet on the south line of Sutter
street, 125 feet west of Larkln street,
running back to Walnut avenue, with
four houses, for $35,000.
' UAYWARD PROPERTIES.
William J. Dingee has accepted a bid
of $40,000 from a client of Thomas Ma
gee Sc Sons for the Hayward property
on the north line>of California street,
•53 feet east of Batterv street,. 24x62
feet, with two-story brick building. An
advance of $1000 has been made in the
offer for the southeast corner of Sixth
avenue and C street, making the pres
ent offer $11,000. The deed has.passed
to Charles J. Deering for the east cor
ner of Brannan and Eighth streets.
: The price was $75,000". -
Baldwin & Howell will sell at auc
tion this month the block bounded by
Octavla, Laguna, Lombard and Green
i wich streets and a part of a block
! 112x120 feet at the southeast corner of
I Lombard and Octavia streets, in sub
divisions. These are properties of the
Alvinza Hayward estate.
William Helblng-, through ine agency
j of Guy T. Wayman, hag sold to Alexan-
I der Warner a half interest in the Sen
! tinel House property, on the south line
j of Turk street, 65 feet east of Gough,
the lot being 25x120 feet. The improve
ments are a house of sixty-eight rooms,
renting for $350 a month, for $22,500.
John C. Brickell has sold to W. W.
Rednall the northwest corner of Scott
! and Filbert streets, 137:6x137:6 feet, for
i $15,000. . '
! Bovee. Toy & Co. have sub-leased for
! Joseph Fredericks & Co. the store at 54
i Ellis street for five years, the rental be
i ing $27,000 for the term. This is a part
| of the building recently leased by Jo
[ seph Fredericks & Co. through the
j agency of Bovee, Toy-& Co. from the
! United Realty Company. jBovee, Toy &
I Co. have .also leased the two upper
I floors of 322 O'Farrell street for Mrs.
{ Sarah N. Haskell for three years at an
j aggregate rental of $3400.
! Charles Schlessinger has leased to
j Clement Wilder the property on the
• south line of^Bush street 137:6 feet west
j of Powell for ten years for $78,000.
The sales of real estate in San Fran
cisco in the month of August amounted
to $3,632,185, inclusive of the deeds re
corded that represented transactions
that were really accomplished earlier.
Next to the business done in the 50
varas, the greatest sectional aggregate
of values for properties sold Is credited
to the Wjestern Addition, which made
the total of $909,200; Mission $45?,
710; outside lands, $209,755; Potrero,
$33,125; South San Francisco, $26,
000. The aggregate volume of busi
ness will assure all observers concern
ing the briskness of the. market. The
brokers report recent deals, the more
important of which are herewith pub
lished: ¦•' .v i. ••".<¦ : ¦'¦ : -*i
The late Duke of Mecklenburg-
Strelttz was totally blind for more than
half a century, and he ruled forty-five
years. '..'/* :
Fall hats. 1904. Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace.*
Joost. Sons & Co., who have removed *
from 137 Montgomery street to 320 Bush
street, report a lively demand for prop
erties and that business is brisk. '
Ganco, Gunz & Co. report the follow
ing sales for the week just closed:
For M. Richards, four flats at 3711 to
3715 Seventeenth street, south line, 55:6
feet west of Church street, 44:6x100
feet, for $6300; for I. Lipman, four .flats
at 241-243 Langton street, northeast
line. 80 feet northwest of Bryant street,
23x75 feet, for $3300; for Mrs. G. Piper,
three flats at 2062-2066 Union street,
north line, 112:6 feet east of Webster
street, 25x100 feet, for $3500; for Thomas
Oakes, cottase at 5 Lexington avenue,
east line. 25 feet south of Sycamore
avenue. 25x80 feet, for $2475; for John
E. Ross, two flats at 122 and 110 Eureka
street, west line. . 125 feet south of
Eighteenth street, 23x125, for $4300; for
William Spiegel, lot on the east line of
Walter street, 21S feet north of Four
teenth street. 25x125 feet, for $2250; for
Robert Barth, house at 528 Noe street,
west line, 175 feet south of Eighteenth
street, 25x125 feet, for $3100.
Guy T. Wayman has sold for O. H.
Greenewald to Mrs. Alice Brown 23x120
feet and two-story house on the west
line of Ninth avenue, 235 feet south of
California street, for $4S00.
nia street, to Mauds E. Flsk: lots In
blocks 77, 78. 154 of the University
Homestead, from Ellia Toncovlch to
Luc Beaudin: 25x120, west line of Ninth
avenue, 225 feet north of L street, to
William and Mary Leach; 25x120, west
line of Tenth avenue, 150 feet south or
N street, to Robinson Craven.
to Alfred Voyce Jr.; 50x100 on the
south line of B street, 70 feet west of
Thirty-seventh avenue, to A. J. Vance;
25x59 on the east line of Fifteenth
avenue, 149 feet north of C street, to
M. J. Lukden; 60x100 on the north
west line of Lisbon street, 150 feet
northeast of China avenue, to E. A.
Murphy; 25x125 on the north line of
Montana street, 115 feet east of Ply
mouth street, to A. E. Betts.
The following sales are reported by
B. Getz: Lot 50x100, southwest line of
Persia avenue. 25 feet northwest of
Paris street, to Charles King; 25x107:6,
on the east line of Forty-eighth ave
nue, 75 feet north of L street, to Mary
M. Cazatt; 23x120, west line of Eleventh
avenue, 250 feet south of I street, to
James S. Darcy; 25x100, northwest line
of Madrid street, 300 feet southwest of
China avenue, to Rose Wolffe; 25x120,
east line of Forty-eighth avenue, 250
feet south of K street, with Improve
ments, to Cartherlne Smith; 50x120.
west line of Twenty-first avenue, 150
feet north of Point Lobos avenue, to
Emily Ohlson; 25x120. west line of
Twenty-first avenue, 200 feet north of
Point Lobos avenue, to A. M. Herkules;
£0x120. west line of Twenty-flrst ave
nue. 223 feet north of Point Lobos ave
nue, to Amanda K. Bengtson; 50x200.
southeast line of Athens street, 100 feet
northeast of Brazil avenue, with im
provements, to Alfred Wydler; 30x120
west line of Twenty-first avenue, 120
feet north of Point Lobos avenue, to
Thomas J. Ryan; 75x120, east line of
Forty-sixth, avenue, 225 feet south of
S street, to August Wilde and Hried
rlch D. Fischer; 25x100. northeast cor
ner of Lisbon street and Persia ave
nue, with improvements, to Mary W.
Buckley; 25x100, southeast line of Mad
rid street, 250 northeast of Persia ave
nue, with Improvements, to Arthur L.
Campbell; 25x120, east line of Twenty
third avenue, 200 feet south of Califor-
$1100; lot on the east side of Laurel
street, south of Sacramento, 50x112:6,
Dr. Sophie B. Kobicke to Mrs. Winifred
Moran, $3000; two flats on the north
side of Clay street, west of Baker, C. F.
Briggs-to George Bennett. $8250; four
and a half acres near Saratoga, S. P.
Williams to G. T. Oldham, $4000; two
acres near "Saratoga, Santa Clara Coun
ty, G. T. Oldham to A. W. French,
$2050.
Sales are reported as follows by
Thomas Magee & Sons: To Emma L.
Callahan from R. K. ColcoTd, 1171 Guer
rero street, 23x100, $2800; to Robert E.
Connolly, northeast corner of Lake
street arid Eighteenth avenue, 57:6x100,
$2050; to A. Armaninl, the southwest
corner of Mission" street and Rlchland
avenue, 25x100. $1600; Charles Schles
singer to Lizzie J. Hemphill, one foot
and two inches" on the south line of
Post street, west of Taylor, close to
$1000; Caroljne A. and Mary F. Potter
to G. Campl, 25x99:9, on the east side
of Fair Oaks street, 28S feet south of
Eighteenth, $S00; southeast corner of
Mission street and France avenue, 50x
S3:6, to John Doyle, $650; four lots on
the northeast side of Sherman avenue,
150 feet southeast of Huron avenue, 100
xlOO, to J. B. Haf ele, $550, and three
quarters of an acre of the John Ballard
property in Berkeley to John Garber,
$800.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: Lots 60x100 feet on the north line
of L street, 32:6 feet east of Twenty
third avenue, to A. G. Ranoult; 25x120
on the west line of Forty-seventh ave
nue, 200 feet south of H street, to E.
AI. Reynolds; 25x120 on the east line
of Twelfth avenue, 250 feet north of
Point Lobos avenue, with improve
ments, to F. M.\ Channlng; 25x120 on
the west line of Twenty-second avenue,
150 feet south of K street, to J. Sims;
75x100 on the south line of C street,
S2:6 feet east of Thirty-eighth avenue,
Los Angeles, 20 acres, $1400; N. H. Mc-
Austin of Tuolumne County, 20 acres,
$1600; A. H. Rosebrock of New Haven,
15 acres,- $1350. . .
In the subdivision of villa lots at
Redwood City-»-To Arabella Armstrong
of Washington, two and a half acres,
$800; H. R. Fee, seven acres, $2600;
John Daly, one and an eighth acres,
$400; Sarah E. Rowe, one and an eighth
acres, $400;. Mrs.. A. L. Lee, five acres,
$2000; Mrs. Agnes Simpson, one and an
eighth acres, $500; Mrs. John Olson,
one and an ' eighth acres, $400; Mrs.
Hilda S. Perry, one and an eighth
acres, $400; W. W. .Wilcos, on« and an
eighth acres, $400; Charles Schellens,
ten acres, $2000; F. W. Meyers, five
acres, $1250; S. R. Rodgers, one and an
eighth acres. $400. '
¦ In the orchard and vineyard subdi
vision 'at San Martin, Santa Clara
County, to the following: E. A.
Franks of Chicago, .. I1L, ten acres,
$1000; L. L. Crosslt of Chicago, nine
and a half acres, $950; John Jacksoji
of Kansas, ten acres, $900;. W. B. Jack
eon of Kansas, ten acres, $900; B. J.
Webster, ten acres, $1000; P. A. Doyle,
twenty-nine acres, $2900; A, ,P. Pear
son of Chicago, ten acres, $1000; F. H.
Bissell of Los Angeles, ten acres,
$1000; George H. Dubois, twelve acres,
$1200; A. F. Shepherd, eleven acres,
$1100; F. E. Harney, twelve and a half
acres,. $1250; M. E. Launbranch, twen
ty-five acres, $2500; George A. Snow,
tenacres, $1000; J. C. Popple, ten acres,
$1000; E. M. Fuller, twelve and a half
acres, $1250.
The following sales were made in
general farm propositions: Horn to
Calderwood, fifteen acres, at Petaluma,
$3200; 1100-acre stock rank near Napa,
L. M. Knight to T. H. Speddy, $20,000;
the Howland ranch at Morgan Hill, to
George Koenig, $1200; in the Catherine
Dunn ranch, to J. Petran, ten acres,
$15,000; In the Catherine Dunne ranch,
to Paul M. Gilbert, ten acres, $1500;
Oakwood Park Land Company to I. W.
Helmes, three acres, home site at Fair
Oaks, $1750; fifteen acres, Redwood
City, $2500; for the' Shula estate to
Thomas Longmore, 132 acres on Howell
Mountain, $2000.
The following sales have been made
by O. D. Baldwin & Son: William J.
Bryan to Walter\L. Heise, 45x67:6, and
three stores on the northeast corner of
Union and Hyde streets, $10,000; George
J>. ; Batchelder, and S.-E. Slade to F. D.
Madison, 102x100 feet, on the southwest
corner of Vallejo and Taylor streets,
on which a fine residence will be built,
$9500; George M. Mitchell to Samuel
Dusenbery, 30x87:6, with flats and
stores, on the southeast corner - of
O'Farrell and Pierce streets, $11,000;
James P. Goodwin to John Hey, 42:6x
137:6; with two houses, on the' west line
qf Taylor street, 133:9 south of Jack
son, $11,275; Harry H. Molse to Mathlas
Mlbach, 25x91 feet, on the north line
of Douglass street, 85 feet north of
Eighteenth $125" ; Phoebe A. Hearst to
John McKay,- 18:9x132:7, on the south
line of Sacramento street, 137:6 east of
Laurel, $1500; the Roundtree Home and
Building Company to Mrs. Lottie E.
Harrell, 20x120 feet, on the east line of
Twenty-sixjth avenue, 108 feet north of
Lake street, $S75, and several other lots
in the Richmond district.
v Through the agency of G. H. Umb
sen & Co. the following properties have
been sold: Samuel Rosenljaum et. al.,
lot 60x120, on the northeast -corner of
Vallejo and fierce streets, $11,593; An
nie Grundell,, 61:8x100, on the west line
of. PoUc" street. 46:4 south of Filbert,
$7S25; F/S. Nudd, 25x136, on the west
line of Douglass street, 18:5 south of
Seventeenth, $1000; D. It. Jones estate,
25x114, on the east line of Church
street, 126:6 south of Jersey, $750; Jul
ius Reimer, 23x62, and Improvements
on the south line of Broadway, 183:6
west of Jones street, $2350; Mary Quick,
25x137:6, on the north line of Haight
street, 111:6. east of Shrader, $4000; Mrs.
D. D. Hussey, 20:6x55, and improve
ments on the northeast line of Hamp
ton place, 173 southeast of Folsom
street. $2250; A. Ruef, 24x81:3, on the
east line of Steiner street, 48 south of
Waller, $2500.
:- WESTERX ADDITION".
Hoag & Lansdale have made the fol
lowing sales: East side of Sixth ave
nue, 501 feet north of Lake street, 33x
120, William A. Lange to George P.
Dornln, $2150; lot on the north side of
Lombard street, 87:6 east of Franklin,
27.25x87:6," for Mrs. Mary H. Cunning
ham, $2200; lot on the east side of
Baker street, 30 feet south -of Lombard,
25x81:3, -Mrs. "Winifred Moran to Albert
E. Muller and Louis A.. Meyer, about
While Record Includes Deeds to Properties- Bargained for
Earlier, the Actual Transactions Represent -Values-That
in Aggregate Indicate Interest of the Buyers Is Active
AUGUST REALTY SALES
AMOUNT TO $3,632,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAli, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEAFNESS
BOOK FREE
HOW TO REGAIN HEARING
Th« best book ever written on Deaf-
ness and how to cure It Is being' given
away absolutely free of charge by Its
eutbor. Deafness Specialist Sproule, the
r, greatest authority
jet^mfi^sTZ-'^ZS^^^ of the nge on Deaf-
¦Vay-JiTt* T ' • l " r *%Ifc| r.t fs and Rll ear
1S^ i *.ft*W Tne book con-
!S53 f\£.* T ta!ns information
e?* : rf/RE lhat wi]1 be of
X5 ,* vw wonderful value to
i rno • deaf people. It was
1 1 1 » un> | written to honest-
ly • nrArKFSS^J ly heJ p a11 who
. Vj UtMrl'tOJ-i suffer from Deaf-
i *!5: ; Jm. n es s, and It tells
y i in"-' ygl all about the
cause, dangers and
cure of Deafness In the plainest manner.
It shows how the Inner tubes of the ear
cet fill blocked up. causing the loss of
hearing, and explains the terrible ring-
ing, buzzing sounds In the ears and how
to stop them. Fine drawings by the best
rrtSsts illustrate its pages.
If you want to get rid of your Deaf-
ness, send for this book and find out
what to do. Deafness can now be cured
pnd this book explains how. It's in great
demand, bo ask for it to-day. "Write your
name and address plainly on the dotted
lines, cut out the Free Coupon and mail
it at once to Deafness Specialist
EPEOULE, 165 Doaae St., Boston. You
will soon receive the book.
Free Deafness Book Coupon
NAME
ADDRESS ?.
¦
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat|'
«MUSEUH OF ANATOMY'
o Q) ««ng**E*« CT.tt.ctura.c.r.cri. ( i
V ¦ Sr Tbe *-**£** Awmnmln 1 Mosma in the
A .31-7 VTartt. WwiacuM ar ur contracted i I
{J |^ fc* I :> ( >ccteH>t OB Ue Ccml E«t 36 jura. < I
A fi^jtJh OR. JQRDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 6
\ f(if*jbE Cemmintiom fret ui drlctlr prtni*. \
B J bVI Tiwbwi pcneMlIf or by Itntt. A Q
rfl flrnu Axdm CWi la enr; cutndciukw. T
Ant U • Wri't to B»k, rwwio«y .r 4
V I jl Hf BABBUSB, MAK.KS rtiMM. (AY
A O t> m\mV» bfk tn nrt) ,„ ;*• \
V DB. J«BX» AK * CO.. llSI M»rtrtt Bt-.B. f. Y
JOB ROSENBERG'S; ) JOB RqSEjgBERgg^^^^
For the Most Exacting. |
?KSIwS^^ |aa^ er kovr slender, 2
vf^v-V - c^ 1 * fO* you. o
\ \ ©
o
Do not blame your dressmakers if you haven't a perfect g
fitting dress. Look to your Corsets. Then you will find the fault. © j
EL BONITA. %]
Girdle Corset, in the new Empire shape. Made of double © j
faced satin ribbon, corded edge, aluminoid boning:, ff -I AA g
In pink, blue, white. Price «P ltVW §
C B A LA SPIRITE. g
Received the highest award wherever exhibited. > q
Partictilarly the fine model for the new gown. Suit- tf -I f\f\ ©
able for most figures. Made of French coutil. Price •JJA.W ©
ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS. ©
Yoor new dress will be twee as satisfactory if fitted over ?
them. It's the newest type, of straight front construction, Q
graceful, easy and hygienic to wear. Many different ff-| DA q\
shapes to fit you. Price 4 J1 " ;v ©
NEMO. O
Form bnilders and self-reducing; made of imported tf -i CA ©I
coutil; steel boned, for medium or stout figures. Price *pi«Jv 0 !
LA GRECQUE. © !
Light, firm and flexible, aluminoid boning. A model «*¦! CA g;
design for the fashionable, up"-to-date woman. Price kpl.wlV g
LA VIDA CORSETS ®'
Are made completely by hand. If you had them made to or- g
der you would not get any better. Made of pure whalebone, q >
and the finest imported materials are used in them, full gored q I
and bias <ut, for stout or medium figures. Price it? nil ©
; ©
K. B. — Expert corset fitters and demonstrators in attendance g
to tell you which is the proper corset for your form. Corsets g
fitted free. Fitting room on main floor. q
O
_ _ o
iJ)\Jt£Lsf 816 Market. 1 1 O'Farrell. |
THE HOME OF GOOD CORSETS. %
©
••©©•©©•cooeoeo©9e©o©3©9©©e©©©©©o©©©eo©©©©©
¦^ . ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ '_
When the patient is weak, the doctor says " Drink Beer. 1 ' ra
When the nerves need food, beer is the usual prescription. So m
in insomnia; so in, nervousness. m
The doctor knows that malt and hops are nerve foods and I
tonicis. And he knows that most people drink too little li
fluid to rid the system of waste. | Wm
He knows that pure beer is good for you. J
That is why he says "Schlitz," He knows thajt Schlitz beer 3
is brewed in absolute cleanliness. It is even cooled in Jl
filtered air. And every bottle is sterilized. Jf
Half the cost of our brewing is spent to insure absolute* Jf
purity. Ask for^ the brewery bottling.; • I&
Los Angeles-SHERWOOD a SHERWOOD-San Francisco. ijni
The Beerlhat Macle Milwaukee Camou&^^s
I / &. bea.rty welcome i
fig \j\J K>£.J*kS' JL V SLJ JL V* KJ K0 %J> * .~ |2jIt Is said that marble quarries as rich
«s those of Italy or Vermont have been
discovered in the hills of Stevens
County, Washington. The entire region
[¦ covered with a dense growth of lofty
lines. The display of marble that
Washington will make at the St. Louis
Exposition will astonish the world.
Promotion— F. T. Wheeler, ]>• A. Lewis,
\V. A. Hoyt. Jwba Mercredy, James Burke,
F. B. Simpson. A. McLachlan, G. TV. Kuit.
Games — George Dow, J. F. Strie«el, W. IJ
Greg? O. Wallensteln, C. A- Drincoll, Dr.
Herrln«^on. F. W. Wall. It. F. RoberUon.
• Prize*— F. TV*. Collins. Paui Molter.- 8. A.
Wllliard, M. Ttopp, C Nlalson. Lawrence Flt»
cerald. John Thompson; Companions Mrs. J.
P .Murphy. Mrs. Lillle PetroecWta, Mrs. Paul,
lne Rodrers, Misa R. Younc. - Miss May Me-
Cattery and Miss M. McMahon.
Floor— H. C Relmera. A. B. Johnion, Lucas
Rlvara. James Stewart. J. Crudden, A. Pep
percorn, T. J. Desmond. 3a H. Moritx: Com
panions Petroschka. ilodrer. Young:, AlcCaf
i i.i y. ' McMabca and - Murphy and ueorse f.
Staff.
Music — J. S. Williams, K. A. Demaraia,
Frederick Adams, H. M. Kelly. A. B. Smith.
J. J. Cornell. R. B. Howard. , -.-'. ,
Printing— J.W.* Hamilton, O..X. 1 Brown. W.
H. G<-*KT*y^ A.f P. Cooncy. JL" X -Haiskerby,
L. Jamieaco.- •: "* ¦
The fifteen local courts of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters, together
with the six Companion courts, the la
dles' auxiliary of the order, will cele
brate Admission day this year by a
grand outing to Los Gatos. Special
trains have been engaged to convey the
excursionists to that place, where they
will be received by' the members of
the court tWere and a committee of citi
zen, headed by the officials of the place.
They will be escorted to Bunker Hill
Park, where there will be exercises ap
propriate to the day, lunching, dancing,
games, races and a contest between
quartets from various courts for a
valuable trophy to be awarded to the
best four voices, in addition to the
many attractions that have been . ar
ranged by the general committee, .of
ficered by William Stewart, chairman;
J. P. Murphy, vice chairman: O. K.
Brown, secretary, and Henry Schroed
er, treasurer, there will be a number of
gate prizes. The committee has made
arrangements to have the trains, which
are to start from the broad-gauge
depot, stop at Ocean View, San Mateo
and Palo Alto to receive the members
of the courts located in those places.
From present indications It is expected
that between 1200 and 1500 persons will
attend this celebration.
The following sub-committees have
charge of the affair:
The Members Will Go on to Ix>s Ga
tos, Where Appropriate Exercises.
Will Be Held.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS TO
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY DAY
On Friday, September 9, Admission day,
and Saturday and Sunday, September 1C and
11. the California Northwestern Railway will
eell to all points on its line, except suburban,
round trip tickets at a reduction -of 23 per
c*nt. The return limit of tickets sold at this
rate will be Monday, the 12th. •
SEPTEMBER 0 HOLIDAYS.
Reduced Rates on the California
Northwestern Railway. . >.
Receipts of Board of Works.
The financial report of Cashier
Donahue of the Board of Works for
August shows that the receipts from
919 permits issued were $18,238 75
and the disbursements $9685.
Pat Polks— I reduce! my weight 7ft
pounds, bast 6 Inches, waist 6 Inches and hipa
14 Inches In a short t!m» by a guaranteed
harmless repiedy without exeroisa or starving. I
will tell you all about it. - Inclose stamp. Ad
drees MRS. E. G. RICHARDS.
22S East Ninth str««t.
' •' Riverside. CaL
View City From Special Car and Arc
Taken to Top of Mount
Tamalnais.
• The members of the Southern Cali
rornia Editorial Association viewed
t^an Francisco at close and lontj ranse
•yesterday. A special chartered by the
California Promotion Committee
whirled them through the city, and in
tii- afternoon they were taken to the
summit of Mount Tamalpais. At the
tavern there a luncheon was served
l«y courtesy of the San Francisco
dailies;
' »n motion of Kdgar Johnson reso-
Lions wore passed thanking the
Promotion . Committee, the manager
the "crookedest railroad in the
v. <~>rld" and the San Francisco papers.
Protfftsor Alexander McAdie showed
O..o visitors how he got a line on th»
wealneK
i:. C. ,ViIlavfrde of the Scientific
A rnprirari.-. w ith his bride, joined the
• xpeditionat Sausalito. G. W. Free
man of the Riverside Budget missed
;li*> oar on the way down. He seized a
gravity car and coasted behind the
regular car. The editors left yester
day evening for St. Louis.
KDITOHS FROM SOITII
ENJOY THEIR VISIT
No California trip is complete without
a visit to Yosemite Valley, and August
and September are delightful months for
the trip.
For excursionists from the East and
accompanying friends a special round
trip rate of $25.90 from San Francisco
Is made. From Merced the rate is $20.00.
No sleeping-car expense Is necessary,
and good hotel accommodations en route
are available. Stop-off at Merced is
given on through railroad tickets.
Full particulars in illustrated folder
to be had at Santa Fe ticket offices, 641
Market street. ¦- , •
Via Merced and the "Double L.oop,"
the Santa Fe, in connection with the Yo
semite Transportation Company, offers
excellent service to the Yosemite Valley.
New and comfortable stages are used,
and the trip made by daylight only. The
road passes through two groves -of Big
Trees, avoiding side trips to see the
Giants.
Yosemite Valley.
Contributions of chickens, fruit,
cakes, etc., will be thankfully received
and may be left at the home of Mrs.
E. A. Bresse, 3434 Clay street.
Contrary to popular opinion the
home Is not an endowed institution.
Charles Crocker presented the grounds
and erected the building, but left the
board of lady managers to provide for
the maintenance — a task that was for
fifteen jeaiv adroitly managed — until
fire visited the -home, making sad in
roads on the already rather diminish
ed treasury, hence th> luncheon.
On September 5, 6 and 7 there will
be a smart luncheon served at 207
211 Grant avenue, from 11 o'clock
a. m. to 2 p. m. As a culinary in
vestment the luncheon will be worth
while, as an act of charity it will be
doubly so, for It is for the benefit of
the Crocker Old Ladies' Home.
LUNCHEON FOR
CHARITY TO BE
GIN ON MONDAY
H. K. Wolff, by his attorney, Otto
Irving Wise, yesterday began suit
agrainst the city and county for the
return of an aggregate of $8449 31 on
more than four hundred assigned
claims for illegally collected taxes,
The suit asks the court to declare
that the assessments in 1902 of iy 2
: cents on the hundred dollars for a
new City and County Hospital and the
same amount for new school build
ings be declared void, in that the
levies were an attempt to suspend
the limit of taxation for that year.
The claim named as the basis of the
suit is that of A. Abrahamson, who
paid $28 05 alleged to have been col
lected "erroneously and illegally.".
In the list of hundreds . of others,
'whose claims Wolff is prosecuting, ap
pear the American Biscuit Company
for $203 02, H. H. Bancroft Company
for $386 63, George H. Moffat estate,
$325; Standard Oil Company, $401 70.
Suit Begun by H. K. Wolff to Invali
date Levies for Hospital and
School lluildhigs in 1902.
HUNDREDS OF CLAIMS
FOR RETURN OF TAXES
larg'e American flag fell over against
him. He rushed it aside, saying: "We
vill not pull it down — Republicans
never rull down the flag."
The turnout at La Plata was large
and t!i<? Senator was enthusiastically
jrieetf-d. -"-i •- ¦
"There then were many "empties' and
'dead' engines, whereas to-day the
equipment of the road is taxed to its
utmost. There are more engineers at
ihe throttle to-day than there were
in 1S96. Why? My good friends. I will
tell you why. Because during the last
peven rears vie have been operating
under Republican politics and there
have be<?n two grf-at, patriotic Ameri
can statesmen at the throttle in Wash
ington. One of them. William McKin
lr>y, ¦we followed loyally and lovingly
In 1896. and again In 1300. and, in the
Vtnpuafre of Edwin M. Stanton, 'he now
f.*]<->ngs to the agres.' We have in. the
"White House his constitutional suc
cessor, who is carrying into effect the
f-ame policies and the Fame principles
for which McKinley stood.
While the Senator was speaking a
Mr. Walbridpe. the Republican
nominee for Governor of Missouri,
rho was aboard the train, also spoke
foi a few moments.
At Marceline there was another crowd
find also a brief speech by the Vice
Presidential candidate. Senator Fair
banks in his speech recalled a trip he
had made over the Santa Fe Railway
in 1SS6. and said there was by no means
as many Figns of prosperity along the
line thrn as now. He said:
MARCELIXE. M<x. Sept. 8. — When
Senator Fairbanks left Kansas City
on bis return to the East to-day he
was scheduled to make brief stops at
several points in Missouri and his
plan was pursued. The first stop was
made at Lexington Junction. There
the Senator made no . speech, but he
personally greeted all who were as
sembled.
At Carrolton there was a longer
stop and & larger crowd, and he made
a brief speech from the rear platform,
saying: among- other things: "- :
"It is gratifying, indeed, to witness
as I travel through the great State of
Missouri the evidence of interest
which you are taking in the great po
litical question which concerns the
American people. Missouri, during the
past few years, has enjoyed a meas
ure of prosperity that has been un
usual to her. There has been pros
perity In the factory, prosperity on the
farm, prosperity upon all the great
lines of commerce. All of this in the
fullest possible degree is a high trib
ute to the efficiency and virtue of Re
publican policies and Republican ad
ministration. Do we wish to continue
with our progress? If we do, then
we should hold fast to the policies
under which we have accomplished so
much and we should support the ad
ministration which is achieving so
much in our common interests. We
have to-day in the White House a
brave, splendid man, worthy of the
continued confidence of the people of
Missouri and of the entire United
Mhtes, Theodore Roosevelt, and I am
plad to see evidence in the State of
Missouri which leads me to believe
that the Republicans of this grand old
commonwealth have determined to
put a magnificent Republican in the
Governor's office."
Judge Morrow went on to say that
a title obtained by fraud is no title at
all, and that when the accused ex
changed lands to which they did not
hold a valid title, they defrauded the
United States.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday refused to grant a "writ of
habeas corpus to F. A. Hyde and H.
P, Dimond, under Indictment by the
<Srand Jurv of the District of Colum
bia. Judge Morrow held that the ln
' dictment was vaUd and that it charged
a crime against the United States.
Bert SchleEinger, counsel for the de
fendants, presented papers on appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United
States; and the defendants were re
quired • to clve bonds of $10,000 each,
•which they did. •<' „ .
Francis Heney of counsel for the
Government asked that defendants be
required to give bonds of $50,000 each.
j He said that the offense of which they
i were charged was not an extraditable
one and that the defendants, if they
wished, could go to British Columbia
or Mexico, and thus escape punish
i ment. Garret McEnerney remarked
¦ that the accused were able to ffive
: bonds for $50,000 each, but that such
j a sum was unreasonable. He also took
_ exception to Heney's remark that the
j accused had realized half a million
[dollars out of the alleged frauds.
Judge Morrow, in the course of his
i opinion, said:
"In this case I have considered very
carefully the auestion whether or not
' the District of Columbia has Jurlsdic
! tion, and I am satisfied that it has.
i • • • The important question is
: whether or not this indictment charges
i the petitioners with' any crime against
: the United States. • • • The charg
• Ing part of - the indictment is not very
.' clear in its language. The objection
' Is that this indictment charges the
i petitioners with having obtained title
I to certain lands from the States of Call
1 fornia and Oregon in the names of nc
j titious persons, and that this has been
j used In obtaining title from the United
i States for lands which the United
States owns. It is said that this is
: not an offense against the United
: Statees; that if these petitioners have
¦ secured title, they are entitled to
; change that title for land belonging
to the United States. An exchange
does not mean a fraud. • • • judge
de Haven has reached the conclusion
that while the language of the indict
ment is open to criticism it does allege
an offense against the Taws of the
United States, and I also am of that
opinion."
Senator Is Received With
Cheers and Outstretched
Hands at All the Depots
Titles Obtained by Fraud
Are Not Titles at All
and Indictment Is .Valid
SUPREME COURT APPEAL
ENTHUSIASM DISPLAYED
liooserelt's Kunning Mate Is
Greeted by Big Crowds as
He Travels Through State
Judge Morrow Decides That
Hyde and Dimond Must
Undergo Trial, in Court
HABEAS CORPUS
WRIT DENIED
M1SS0UR1ANS
HEAR FAIRBANKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
35
._¦._. -_._ ADVERTISEMENTS.
j Tailor Suits, Long am Short
I Goats, Furs and Skirts at
I WHOLESALE PRICES
'•;;¦ ....^w^^
Si; Only the Very; Latest Styles^of Garments,
•|i. \k Made by Expert Tailors.
% $20.00 Suits;- wholesale price . • . $15.00
| $25.00 Suits, wholesale price . ? . $17.50
•|: $30.00 Suits/ wholesale price .. . $22.50
t! $35.00 Suits, wholesale price .:•". $25.00
% $40.00 Suits/ wholesale price .. . $30.00
I $\ 0.00 Jackets, wholesale price . . . $7.50
Jji $J5.00 Jackets, wholesale price ".:. $10.00
% $20.00 Jackets, wholesale price • . $15.00
Sjl $25.00 Jackets, wholesale price ..$17.50
||: $25.00 Fur Coats, wholesale price $20. 00
•;| $32.50 Fur Coats, wholesale price $2 5.00
•! Skirts of Every Description at
•i ! Wholesale Prices-
•!
§ ¦ l '
9 Wholesale Manufacturers.
S |i $r 1 1 40- 1 1 42 Market Street
TO-NIGHT
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Wonderful Portrayal of
SAPHO
Mats. — Wednesday. Friday (Admis-
sion day) and" Saturday.
To-Morxow — Seat Sals for
"Marta of the lowlands."
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and- Manager.
TO-NIGHT ir _™^_ TO-NIGHT
Colossal TrtumDh of OLIVER MOROSCO'S
MAJESTIC THEATER CO., Offering
. Palace i Kim
MATINEE TO-MORROW. MONDAY; ALSO
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
SAN FRANCISCO -$»•->
BY AUTOMOBILE c^^fa*.
CALL ¦;-;y^JSr^vjy / gj>
SI0BU.E OABOEUAOS CO,
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUGH. ST.
Phone Private Exchange 770.\
Downtown offices — Court Palace Hotel: Lobby
St. Francis Hotel; Lobby of Occidental H»teL
3iisceu2axeotjs. _^
toaUr* D0N ' T FAIL TO
raldtc iec th« beautiful
j COURT Lounging
Jlflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU parlor, tho
r™.J PALM ROOM, the
ufSnU LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U1IU LOR, «nd\the LA.
H A 4. A f M DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
ODTTCTJiTO BARBERS. BA-
JjlllJOni-iO k "a. bootblacks, batb-
.. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, ' bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers.' flour mills,' foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters. ' shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN . BBOS,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xs the only- enra for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Druggist or at 588 HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco, Cat.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health -and
strength to sexual orsans. Depot. 223 Market.
A T r*\ A TT A Tl Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR srrss:
General Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT,
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Clyde Fitch's Colonial Drama,
NATHAN HALE
Starting with LABOR DAY MATINEE.
MONDAY. Sept. 6. ALL WEEK. .
With Mats. Thurs.. Friday (Admission day)
¦ ¦ and Saturday.
Evg., 25e to 76c: Mats., 25c to SOc.
WHITE j AHD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTL.ESEY.
In the Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EmmET
The original version by Brandon Tynan.
Monday, Sept. 12, MR. WHITE WHITTLE-
BEY in '"THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
GENTRAL^lf
Market st, *ear Eighth. Phone Bouth 633
MATINEE TO-DAY— Te-nlght" Last Tta«
of the Phenomenal Hit. the Greatest of Chi-
nese Plays,
THE FIRST BORN
Starting "With LABOR DAT MATINEH
To-morrow. /
SPECIAL MATINEE FRIDAT (ADMISSION
DAY.)
And Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Theodore Kremer's Most Powerful Drama,
;V<- : i THB EVTfc MEJ DO.
Massive and Magnificent Scenic Environment ;
» Brilliant Cast.
DDirtC Evening* « 10c ,« to 52°
JrtflWw Matinees 10c,. 16c. Z5o
BEGINNING MONDAY. SEPT.. 5,
I AQT 0 W/CPk'Q Of the Greatest
LAOI I YYttNO Tiyoll Success
iuTOREADOR
MATINEES '¦»»'»¦¦
k8§^S^ T SERENADE
USTJAL TrVOLl PRICES— 25c. 60c. 73c
*''['¦ ' ' Only" Theater Packed Nightly".
Best Burlesque Ever Shown Here.
- Funny to the Last.
Crowded With Bauti f ul Specialities.
: Scenery, Costuming, Unequaled.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Presented by an Unrivaled Cast.
DOROTHY MORTON RICE A^CADY
GEORGIA O* R AMEY BOBBY NORTH
EDWIN CLARK .Jg^JSS&gg
FLOSSIE HOPE — ; PEARL HICKMAN
>" Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEES ON
LABOR DAY. NEXT MONDAY, SEPT. 6.
ADMISSION DAY. FRIDAY. SEPT 9. -
Strictly - Popular . Prices Always.
Next Burtese^ie, "MISS MAZUMA," by J.
C. Crawford. ¦ " ' .¦ __J
MISCELtAyEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
DON/T fall t9 rUit the NEW YORK. 1 to 8
and see. the ILLUMINATED FLEET
AT NIGHT,' 7 to 10 p. m. Be sure to get
: the right tickets from the; C." A. McNEILL
LAUNCH CO.; <¦ office and landing • foot of
Clay St., Just north of Ferry, building.
AarDSEMEXTS.
S«N FRANG1SG0 7 DAYS
SEPTEMBER 12-18
Show Grounds, Elercntli and Market Sts.
2 Performances Dally at 2 and 8 p. m.
Soors Open One Sour Earlier.
IJSll/Uo SHOWS
The Bisrsrest Snow of All Times, Fast o?
Present, Surpassing In Scope. Magni-
tude and Grandeur Anytnlnsr Before
Attempted.
83.700,000 Invested. 85 Railroad Cars.
87.400 Daily Ex-ao Separate Tents.
lalwpeW la AcrM of Caaya(l *
3?fs£rP.rformers.< 0
50 Musicians. 20 Camels.
200 TTniane Acts. 650 Horse*.
At Each Performance,
CRAZO
Challenges Death in His Sensational Act.
LEAPIMG THE CAP
A Bicycle Jump of 52 Feet— the Most Hazard-
ous and Thrilling Feat Ever
Accomplished.
European Stars Appearing in America for the
First Time.
THE 4 ELDREDS
World's Champion Novelty and Dartnj;
Bareback Riders.
THE 4 BEDIMS
Italy's Premier Equestrians.
THE COLI.M-CAIROftS
Famous Parisian TrojbUkm Dancers.
THE 7 CLIVS^REJTIS
Europe's Most Celebrated Acrobats.* .
THE KAUFFMAN FAMILY *
Phenomenal Bicycle Experts.
Incomparable JACKSON FAMILY
Dollard Troupe, Dacomas, Plying; Pishers.
3 Bios, Portixns Brothers, Taimanlia
Troupe. Genaro ft Tneol, and 300 More
Peerless Performers.
AMAZING ANIMAL ACTORS
3 KSXDS PISPOBMZ2T O SLEFSUrTS.
CAPT. "WEBB'S 2 GBOXTPS OP EDU-
CATED «"?*t.<» i
And Squadrons ef
Marvelously Trained Horses
. The Most Sublime Spectacle of All Tim«m-
Jerusalem and the Crusades
A Dazzling Picture of Bsauty, tlfe.
Color and Motion, .Entrandnr Terp-
slchorean Bevels Before Jeru-
salem's Oriental Despot.
Exquisite Grand iJallet Diyertissment
60o Ticket Admita to Everything. Chil-
dren Under 13. Half Price.
BIO PBEB STBEET PABADE AT 10.
Admission Tickets and Numbered Res«rre4
Seats will be en sals during the engagement at
Sherman. Clay A Co.'s Music Store. Kearny
and Sutter streets, at exactly the same price
charged at ticket wagons on the show grounds.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBESH AND SAiT VSATS.
I1C EAVEC *• Trt Shipping Butchers, lot
JAS. DUlfcO & til. ciayl Tel. Mam 1291.
i . '
MJBRICATTNO:©!!^: LEONARD * JEUUM.'
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
panrrxso.
E. C BU6BESL ' ail Samom* t.. 8. 9.
AMUSEMENTS. '
Week commencing THIS AFTERNOON
September 4.
MODERN VAUDEVILLET
MATINEE EVERY DAY
CONCLAVE WEEK
W GREAT SINGING FOUR
(Mendelssohn Quartet).
Harry D. Martin, first tenor; Robert
• Slack, necond tenor: Robert V.
Hi own, first bass; C. D. Schmidlap,
second . bass.
EDWARD CORNEY
BURTON and BROOKS
In their Comedy Skit, "A Can of
. • Humor."
3-FUNNY MITCHELLS-3
Creole Entertainers.
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE"
Kronau's Great Military Spectacular
Sensation, Including; Indiana's
CRACK DRILL CORPS
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcv
Presenting their Original and Greatest .
- Success, "Uncle Phineas."
KLEIN and CLIFTON
Eccentric Comedy SInsers and Dancers).
PAUL BARNES
Monolorist and Slncer.
Third and Last Week and Tremendous
Success of - 1
EVA.!, / : JAC
WILLIAMS & TUCKER
Presenting for tho first time Jn San
Krancleco. "Driftwood," an Kplaod*
- in the career of Mary Ellen Poet.
Prices. 10c, 25c and 60c. ¦" •'
UNION COURSING PARK
P. J. JtEXUT .Judtrs
JAS. T. GRACE Sllpver
SATURDAY and SEPT. 3-4
rifTH~ANIMUAL
CALirORIMIA_ FUTURITY
OPEN AMD RESERVE STAKES
155— NOMINATIONS— 155
$2500— TOTAL PURSE— $2500
TRAIN SERVICE. £
Saturday— Leaves Third and Townsend 10:15
a. m. and 1:30 p. rn.; 10:15 a. m. train -only
stops at Twenty-fifth and Valencia ' street*.
Sunday — Trains leave Third and Townscnd
streets at 10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1
p. m., all stopping at Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia Btreets five minutes ; later. Returning
at 4 :45 and after the last course. San Ms,teo
electric cars erery four minutes to park
trance direct.' ¦. ¦ '. •
ADMISSION 25 CENTS; NO FREE LIST.
High-Class Specialties Every i After-
noon and Evening In the Theater.
THE MUSICAIi GOOLMANS: ¦ RAtPH POST
*1nD^ESSIE CLINTON: NELLIE GERIN:
CAMPBELL AND JOHNSON: ANDY RICE;
MABEL LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN
SPECIAL-^Cbildren visiting the Chutes Sun-
day morninKs will be elven^ tlckets^for; the
Miniature Electric Railroad, Ferris Wh«el and
GialOPln^THOUT EXTRA CHARGE. •
Labor Day Celebration To- Morrow aad
FIREWORKS AT MIGHT !
Admission 10c; Children 5c.
iWeekly Caii. $1 periYear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(Myj price on[y^j25^
THE XSSA& BAZOB FOB AJT
IDEAL SHAVE. Smooth as velvet,
and makes shaving oneself a real
pleasure.
OTEEB RAZORS— Good ones, as
low as 81.OO-
POCKET KJnVBS — Of a high
grade. In several different styles, at
81.00 and up.
.Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c
Razors honed and ground. Honing,
25c
Order by mail If you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET. Opp. PIXth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MERCHANT TAILORS, ]\i
C22 Market Street. '<\
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL I
SAN ¦ FRANCISCO. X
Novelties 'hv Imported .-Wear.' ?
CKAPE-XCTS.
: "A Toothsome j:
? Flavor." j
* •
??•••••••• ........ »•»....
True for you, there's a treat In the
crisp, nutty, delicate Bweet taste of
:jrape-Nuts served with thick rich
cream.
(Don't epoil the food toy trying: to
rook It. That work is done and per-
fectly done at the factories.)
* ' The cream should soften it a bit, but
not enough to excuse the eater from at
l^ast a few good earnest "chews," for
old Dame Nature sends nch blessings
1" thr> Jong chewer. Of course the one
v.ith weak teeth can soften the food
with mi!k down to a mush if necessary,
liut the good old Dame doesn't smile
quite so cheerfully on them.
You know children and adults must
use the teeth and grind freely to make
<hem grow strong and to preserve
*iem. Then the act of chewing brings
*own the much needed saliva from the
• rums, and that helps amazingly In the
• digestion of foods of various kinds.
The saliva Is not so much required
"«r!th Grape-Nuts, for this food is pre-
• digested, that is the starch turned Into
! a form of sugar In tne-process of mak-
ing and that helps give it the fasclnat-
. *ng flavor.
" *3rape-Nuts people are healthy sfind
enjoy good t h '"f»- "There>. e. reason-"
¦ AMU.SEMEXTS. '
ji»i iiji *>rg f »a» , ¦¦¦¦-w. wm' r a Sen Francisco's
TT/\ -pkr f f> U rwr LA C T TIME — ARNOLD DALY In DOUBLE BILL
1 U -IN I VJ Tl 1 "CANDIDA" and "THE MAN of DESTINY"
2 Weeks Ttit fTi TWT T\ A \7 Nightly, Including Sunday.
Beginning IYlV/1^1 LJ l\ I Matinee Saturday Only
Supported ty Original F£ jVl HOLLAND
Company, mcludlnar "' 1T1# **y*+**r\iMr
In the Celebrated Dramatic Study In Criminology
RA r^oi rr o, Th^ AMATEUR
/-V r* r JL-r ul <3, cracksman
DD!f*FC Orchestra, $2: Dr*93 Circle. $1.50: Balcony, first seven rows, $1.00; next
rlVlvLOi seven rows, 75c; Second Balcony, reserved. SOc; Admission 25c. .
f^f^l f^lTM C* A TIT Cloak ai\d
\*\tl*USA l l\*Jk\ 1 IV Suit House
THE LARGEST EXCLUSIVE CLOAK HOUSE WEST OF NEW YORK. ,
Grand Display of New Style Garments
..Tailor Suits, Cdats, Skirts and Furs..
T$^y We receive our Models direct from the fashion centers of Europe, . »^ffgjjjfcfe«. *tr
l f>f*&ffip 1 tez\ purchase our materials' direct from the mills and tell direct to JjrJ&lw*
§ !l e p C RICES f> ALWAYS LOWER THAN ANYWHERE...
y f 1 Sir Knights, Visitors and Our Patrons 1
fft I -Most Cordially Invited... | p^^^^^l] |
HICH'NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS at. ....'. JB^fflB^TS)! Sill 1
BR '¦¦ j \m3S ''• $25.00, S30.00, $32.50 and $37.50 ffflffimM^ 1 6 PS If
if ¥\ W? FUR COATS— Reliable quaUty at #^^»m ffl H H ' *,
m * \ W ...$25.00, $30.00. $35.00, $42.50 and $50.00 * |ffl|ffif MB I ?
fftf & H COATS-J/ AND FULL LENGTH -the very newest ideas, at ifr^l&SSl'f iflnli ¦
/S ' -W $10.00, $15.00. $17.50, $22.50, $35.00.$42.50 S*W^^»if^l!\
J&W® S ir\ COVERT COATS -22 to 50 inches long; the very best of mate- II^^^M^H " ?
j4sFb$ 1 i t%\ rialSt the finest kind of taiIorin ? $8.50 to $37.50 §!k<§S$F^
*^S5 B %%!$> MISSES * and CHILDREN'S COATS-Kersey, Velvet and Silk tltMNk
v*!*$-^ '^y^-' Matelasse; the very newest styles $3.50 to $15.00 BT
PEDESTRIAN SKIRTS— Perfect hanging. $2.50 to $12.50 W
isag*x DRESS SKIRTS— Trimmed; new cut up to 29 gores. Made of Broadcloth, Vene-
JmMT^vk t ' an> CVioi &n^ P anam * cloth, at prices from $4.00 to $15100
MbW. H SILK and ETAMINE SKIRTS - Exquisite styles $5.00 to $35.00
JSflr i til CREPE DE CHINE SKIR.TS -Perfectly elegant... $2 5.00, $30.00 and $32.50
Bill i.'.'.: SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK
!«|I ifrli C 1 C f\f\ TOURIST SUITS, made of good quality cheviot, in black, navy and
Ifffill 5 'bltti »pUewV brown, velvet trimmed; excellent $20.00 value. Special $15.00
ifflil 5 I'llW M1KADO SUITS, of handsome Scotch mixture; good material and first
Jiff ft * V ' lllv "^ * ClaSS tailorJn 2 J ? onc beltet anywhere at $25.00. Special $17.50
Jl*8elf Rli\\ See ° Uf Suits wlth fancy Vest effect at $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00
jMiWk 1 I i'l4^V Fvtrn Kr\oni7\\ 100 ° pedestrian dress skirts, AA
*dm^W*$i \w1mS>. .jpeCIal Great value at $6.50, $7.50 and $8.00. J^5e00
...1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET...Arrangements have been completed
for the annual Labor day picnic of
St. Joseph's parish at Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael. ; ; Valuable trophies and
prizes will be offered to the winners of
along list of athletic sports and every
picnicker will have a chance at 300
gate prizes.
St. Joseph's Parish ' Picnic
Continuous growth of business - has
forced the- Xapa and Sonoma 'Wine.Com
pany to -look for larger quarters.- They
have removed, to the. large building on
the corner of Tenth and Howard streets.
Xew Phone South 792. ;.-' ' „ •"•
The, man who says all circuses are
alike will wear an uncomfortable smile
this .week. Newspaper reports from
every course compel this outlook for
the man who knows it all. ' Some
thing new in bareback riding and
something new in acrobatic feats has
at last been proved possible.
The evidence of these things, which
must/be,a relief to every one who en
joys outdoor shows, is brought forward ,
this year -by the' enterprising Ringling
Brothers. The circus programme they
offer; is always acceptable to San Fran
cisco people, judging from the heaping
patronage of the past, but this season
they /are declared to have excelled
their best previous showing in this city.
• The 'four; Eldreds, riding celebrities
of England, and .the four Bedinis,
equestrian stars of Italy, .are the in?
ported acts that give a new and:zest
fur interest to : bareback riding.- These
performers, for instance, jump from
the" ground -in perfect unison to the
back of- a galloping horse, facing in
an opposite direction.. This is a sensa-'
tional performance arid has thrilled
European countries because of its nov
elty and difficulty.- They also do tricks
on the backs of swiftly moving horses
that are ordinarily effective upon the
firm foundation of a stage. The seven
Glinserettis. from Germany and th«!
•Tasmariian family from Australia per
form acrobatic acts that are entirely
new to this work, and have bi-ought
them distinguished fame; in their re
spective' countries. ; To the
Glenserettl troupe turn somersaults
from shoulder to . shoulder,, standing
two and three high, as a circus phrase
goes. To do this on the flat surface
of the ground has hitherto been looked
upon. .as extremely hazardous and un
usual. The Colllni-Cairon troupe give
variety spice to ..the circus programme
and have been immensely effective
in their whirlwind dances. They oc
cupy '.. two * stages, dress stunningly
and 'combine ¦ the -most graceful
features of- dance with, difficult
gymnic acts. All 'these . perform
ers are; .new" to America' and "were
broueht here by Ringling Brothers. .
i Another stunning act is that of the
Kauff man family, who present a mar
velous bicycle performance. Some one
has said that they are the "last word"
on bicycling. However, this may be,
their' performance is the most effective
and expensive in the variety field. The
Jackson family are in this same class
It has been. finally, settled that Nor
way and .'Sweden, about- which' there
was some doubt, will both have exhi
bits. The ..other foreign .countries
which will be represented here, so far
rS known at present, are Austria,- Ser
via, France, Germany. Belgium. Switz
erland ana Great' Britain.' . ¦ ; .;'
Two exhibits of unusual . ' .'Interest
wiir be the Vatican" display arid Queen
Victoria's jubilee presents.';. The Vat
ican exhibit includes many magnificent
paintings, papal records and papers of
historical importance. The Queen's
jubilee: exhibit comprises the gifts to
the Queen "made during the 'jubilee in
her, honor. .-":.;.« ;;1;>. -. ¦.¦¦ :'.'>'.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3. — Colonel
Henry E. Dosch, director of exhibits
ot .the Lewis and Clark exposition,
has left for St. Louis with a corps of
assistants to assign space and super
intend the shipment of the exhibits
that will be transferred from St. Louis
to Portland at the close of the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition. , v ¦ . ¦ " -
The* : exhibits : will .include com
mercial and manufacturing "^ s P^ ay *
from all ; parts j of this cpuritry : and Eu
rope. , The- Oriental exhibits -haVe : all
been \ sjgnbd up [ with j the exception of
certain ic,;uires of the Philippine ex
hibit. ' Both" Japan and Russia have
reserved space at , the/Portland {fair.
The Russian, exhibit' will' be ? small,
taking the. one/made ; at. St., Louis as
a- criterion, but.'Japan- has.- asked for
one-third of the floor space of jthe up
per 'gallery ¦ in the foreign- exhibits
building and ; in,: addition, wants, two
acres of land; reserved for a tea gar
den.'wherein to establish an attractive
tea plantation and manufacturing
plant... • . ; ¦,;. ¦¦¦. .•> .•;, - - '•;'.-"•' -' :
Rare Elephants, Lions, Ti
gers and Other Wild Ani
mals in the Collection
Japan Intends to Make Large
Display and the Vatican
Will Be Well Represented
WONDERFUL MENAGERIE
BIG DEMAND FOR SPACE
Ringling Bros. Are Bring
ing Greatest Acrobats and
Specialists to This City
Director of^ Portland Fair
Goes to St. Louis to Attend
the Eemoval of Exhibits
WORLD STARS
WILL BE HERE
GETTING READY
FOR EXPOSITION
The German Emperor once designed
a pack of playing cards, the faces rep
resenting: various notables. The Kaiser
himself was the kins of hearts.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Hairht & Masonic av."
J. Pomo of Bolinas Bay has been
arrested for having . a doe hide in
hi? possession. Justice of the Peace
Pierce of Los Angeles has fined Roy
Sylvester $L'5 for shooting quail. Jus
tice of the Peace Barnes of Orosi has
fined M. Burrell $25 for killing grouse
during the close season.
Two large salmon nets, 1800 feet
in length and valued at $200 each,
have been found by deputies of the
Fish Commission near Pelican Point,
f^olano County, and they will be con
fiscated.
Charles Vogelsang, executive officer
o? the Fish Commission, is highly
elated over the information received
:• ttterday from Yreka, Sisklyou Coun
ty, that two of the market hunters of
that section of the State had been ar
rested for violation of the deer law.
Some of the inhabitants of Siskiyou
County have been conducting a profit
able business in deer hides in and out
of the close season. The Fish Com
mission has had a difficult task in
attempting to apprehend the law
breakers because people did not wish
to tell stories about the offenders to
the officers. L. Edwards and E. Hixon
have been arrested and will appear
in court at Yreka. Vogelsang thinks
That the conviction of these two men
¦will cause the people of the vicinity
to be more observant of the game laws
in the future.
Fish Commissioners Expect to Break
Up Rincr of Offenders in
Sisldyou. County.
DIFFICULTIES BESET
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
Although . . armless ' and ; having • the
sight of but. one eye, E. P. Latham* of
Burton; Ohio, mows his lawn with ease,
drives a spirited horse, and has broken
several ; horses > to drivej.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially invited to visit
our newly" fitted art rooms. New.collec
tions of the very latest things in, pic
tures and. frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741" Market street. •
Art Notes.
The adverse claim of Richard H.
Warfield, former lessee of the Califor
nia Hotel, to ownership T/of " i; various
bar ! arid barber-shop fixtures, .. linen,
bedding, electric lamps, etc., ', valued
at more than $1000,. is the subject of
a suit for Injunction begun yesterday
by the Macdonough Estate \ Company
1 1 prevent' "Warfleld from removing
the chattels. ¦¦' The plaintiff alleges. that
the goods are necessary to the conduct
of the hotel and if removed will pre
vent the proper furnishing, of accom
modations for the guests ; of the hos
telry.
Estate Sues Warfleld.
A very original cushion top. Strauss <s
Frohman have designed a Knight Templar
cushion top.' ItUeraiingled with j the emblem
of the Knight Templar is the beautiful Caul
fornia poppy. I These cushion tops are not only
original In design and cannot be duplicated
anywhere else, but are at the same | time very
beautiful. If desired, . they will be made up
with the cushions and sold complete and ready
for uee. However, it Is customary to simply
sell the top and back all ready for embroidery,
which Straues & Frohman are now doing at
fiOc each. It Is an opportunity that no . vis
itor can afford to overlook. 107-109 j Post st. •
A Knight Templar Souvenir.
No trace has been found of David
Hyman, -the .Market street _ jeweler
who disappeared several weeks ago,
taking with him his adopted daugh
ter Winifred Le Febvre. The girl's
mother, Mrs. Grace E. Freitas of
Stockton, had applied for a writ of
habeas corpus to recover possession
of the child. When the case was
called before. Judge Dunne yesterday
Attorney Lindsay, who represents Hy
man, said that no trace of Hyman or
the child had been found. The Judge
said it was a most unfortunate af
fair. By consent a continuance was
granted till September 24. K v ;
Find No Trace of Hyman.
Assistant General Passenger. Agent
G. A. Ford of the Union Pacific Rail
road Is expected here to-morrow, with
a portion of the Nebraska delegation
to the Knights Templar conclave.
William J. Barry, R. M. Roache. T.
C.McKeever. J. C. Daly arid Ike Holz
left last evening: for ; Los . Angeles,
where they will - attend the annual
convention of letter carriers as dele
gates from San Francisco., ,
D. E. Dallam. a prominent real es
tate man of Milwaukee, is at the St.
Francis.
Alfred James, president of a big in
surance company of Milwaukee, and
wife are at the St. Francis. . ¦
Judge Irving G. Va-.m of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals of New York
and lecturer at Cornell is registered
at the Palace. • . . .
. Professor Poincare of Paris, a
prominent French scientist, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday, on', his" way
to the Lick Observatory. , -'*v
Mr. and Mrs. H. Prescott Gatley of
Washington are guests- at the St.
Francis.
Dr. G. A. Dungan of Eureka is at
the Lick.
Dr. W. B. Marsh of Burson, Cal., is
at the Lick. •
E. E." Biggs, a' farmer of Gridley, is
at the Grand. ~
Louis Delmas of Philadelphia is at
the St. Francis. .
A. C. Balch, a civil engineer of Los
Angel^18 at the St. Francis.' -:-(-':'
'Congressman J. C. Needham of Mo
desto is registered at the Grand.
. Dr. and Mrs. P. H. Morrison of St.
Louis are registered at the Palace.
W. H. Buster, a capitalist of Colu
sa, and his wife are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
LEAGUE OF THE GROSS
TO GIVE AX EXCURSION
Cadets Will Go to Camp Taylor Labor
Day In Honor of Their Tenth
;./>. Anniversary.
jj The League of the Cross Cadets will
give- a grand excursion to Camp Tay
lor on Labor day. in honor of their
tenth anniversary.
-.-The cadets have made elaborate ar
rangements for the entertainment of
their many friends who will spend the
holiday with them outride the city.
The chief feature of the entertain
ment'will be a grand concert by the
league, band of forty pieces. The
band will - also furnish music for
dhnclng in the pavilion.- Games of
all kinds, including boating and bowl
ing, have been arranged. ¦ A most en
joyable day is assured to. all those
who take advantage of the excursion.
Two boats will leave the ferry,' one
at S:30 and the second at 11 o'clock.
There will be a. band . on each "boat.
Round trip tickets are $1 each, chil
dren half fare. The: cadets will sell
tickets" at the ferry before the de
parture of each boat.: ' •".
Rev. Philip O'Ryan, spiritual di
rector of the league; Dr. S. J. Cun
ningham, president; . Luke M. "Carroll,
secretary; Colonel James *E. Power,
Lieutenant Colonel P. J. Haggerty,
Majors , McKinley, .. .. Wesplear and
Eccles. with the officers of the regi
ment, will look after the comfort and
pleasure of the excursionists.
Biggest Excursion of the Year.
,The offlcial Y. M. C. A. excursion leav
ing September « via the Grand Canyon
for the World's Fair will be the largest
of- the year. Mr. F. W. Prince, city tick
et agent of the Santa Fe, will personally
conduct the party. World's Fair rates
are good for this trip: Full- information
at 641 Market st. . ¦' . • 7
'. Count de Guberntals, .professor of
Italian literature In the University of
Rome, is in Chicago and has given. to
the University of Chicago . an . invita
tion to ; send .an official representative
to a celebration of; the six-hundredth
anniversary, of the birth of . Petrarch,
to be held in Rome next summer. .-
One of the .greatest j ambitions that
Japan has , conceived -since ., the begin
ning of her modern era is to become a
first-class commercial power in the Pa
cific, and" she has trebled her interna
tional commerqe t iri ten years.
Dr. Robert D. Conn has resumed practice, at
1S5 Geary st.. Spring Valley, bid., rooms 73-73.»
Petitions in' insolvency were .filed
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court as. follows: Robert R.
Woodward, clerk, i Oakland,-/ liabilities
$563. no assets; Louis A.-3uchanan,
art store. San Jose, liabilities $1335.
assets $1585. • •
Petitions in Insolvency.
' Strangers are possibly not aware that
San Francisco is the most important' fur
center, and that mostly all the entire
collection of Alaska skins reach this
port before being distributed to other
parts of the United States and Europe.
"We therefore cordially welcome those
who would like to visit. a rare collection
of furs and fine specimens of skins, such
as we are now exhibiting at the St. Louis
Exposition. It would be'- we'll worth your
while to pay a visitto the largest exclu
sive fur house in the world. - r -.-...
H LIEBES & COMPANY, Incorporated.
133-135-137 Post Street.
San' Francisco, California. •
Invitation to Strangers.
and occupy the second stage during
this » number r. of the ringr-aci8-..;.-The.
Fisher family and the Dacoma- family
are the aerial stars, who ' toss each
other -through j space and j make people
hold their breath because of their reck
less daring. The Dollard3» three Alvos,
three Rios, Fortuns brothers. Genaro
and Theol, Smith family, De Vines and
Tybell sisters are striking values in the
long list of acrobatic, equllibristic and
gymnastic acts. 'Among, the riders of
prominence are, besides those already
named: Orrin Davenport, the Hob
sons, Rhoda Royal, May Davenport,
Reno McCree, Lulu Davenport, John
Agee and Madame Royal. Among the
trained animal features are : Captain
Webb's two sets of trained seals and
Heir Souder's performing , elephants.
These trained animals are the most re
markable examples of dumb education
known in the circus world.
1 The menagerie of Rlngling Brothers
circus is the most valuable on the con
tinent.' Among its specimens are the
rhinoceros, giraffe, horned .horse, baby
elephant, tapir, wart hog,: kitten tigers,
cub lions, baby camel : and K a huge
herd of forty elephants,* There. are 108
cages in t this department of \ the - big
show. All the Ringling. wild beasts
are of the rarest kind . and splendid
specimens. The care they receive :,is
obvious to visitors by their, good ap
pearance. There are 650 horses .'with
the Ringling show, draft and perform
ing,'and the fine appearance of these
animals has always, been. a. memorable
feature of the 'visit to this circus.- The
street : pageant . Monday, . September 12,
Is promised to be longer and more at
tractively varied than ever. This Is
paying a good deal. Every one in San
Francisco knows how different and
pleasingly interesting is the Ringling
Brothers' circus procession. The people
who take part look well groomed and
satisfied with their lot. the costumes
are spick, most of the animal dens open,
the music harmonious, the clowns nu
merous and funny, the tableau wag
ons dignified and costly, the horses
high stepping and shapely, the general
atmosphere refined and singularly
fetching. ,
The circus will show at Tenth and
Market streets for a week: beginning
Monday, September 13, and give two
performances a day. ..."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ;., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 190*.
36
Grand Opening
' t S r New Fall and Winter <
J^L v-i." Woolens
foi, 'ivftf'itWk INGS In all shades to
- ffl{frW!i\Wc&K "order for 915 and ?Sl»
'pmuwS&l wb ' * nd * 23 ' ' 37#5 ° an<1
Fln "' im Vorteri English
fi^llAVT novelties to order for
~ ByMW'XSi-- trouser*. .f5 to *1O
&///m<Alfi<\ \ " Overcoats from
WPfiA&W * 15 t»
wifnifi Fu '' d r* s « wult» from..
?¦#¦»¦/ *•'**> to *5(»
- IJiMi You wl11 savs to
'hwi 40 per cent by cainn3
I H JOB POHBIM
j hi Th^ Tailor
j fik "Perfect fit and best
' . ' • '¦ of workmanship gTjar-
w" anteed or no ' tals.
301 Montgomery Street, Cor. Buafc,
1110 and 1113 Market Street.
. > SAN PRAWCISCO.
. • 143 S. Sprint Street. Los Anselea.
> ; ~~ — " — ~~:
CUTLiERY
EVERY BLADE MRRANTED
Fractures His Thlsrh.
Bealther Schneider, residing at 233 1
Leavenworth street, fractured his
right thigh yesterday in a collision
between a buggy and a hay wagon t
on Kentucky street. The broken bone
was set at the Potrero Hospital by
Dr. Buell.
Emblem cards for Kr.ljhts Templars. Largs
assortment. Edward Knowles Co.. 24 Second st.*
The closing of Glasgow's saloons at
10 instead of 11 p. m. has led to an im-
mediate reduction of 50 per cent in the
police cases of drunkenness.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Gen. William Booth
Honestly and eonsdentloQaly recommends
Qeorre Mayerle's glasses which were
made for him while ia Saa rnnelsco.
He nlffnly appreciates the soothing; and
strengthening . effect they have on his
eyes and writes the following testimo-
nial: ffiISB$BH99
Mr. aeorsre Mayerte— -Dear Sir* The
fflasses yon made for me axe the best Z
ever remember uttngr. Yours faithfully,
W1X.X.XAM BOOTH.
GEORGEiviAYERLE'S
EYE -^WATER
Is a terf«:tly harmless and effective remedy
makes weak eyes stronr. diseased *ye» • well
Rests tired eyes. * CT weu '
Price, 50c. By mall. C2e. If your inrtimt
doeen't keep It order direct from Georrs SVv
erle. 1071 Market street. Saa FnuwtocoT Q«or£
Mayerle's antiseptic eyeglass cleaners. 2 fort^
A Warning ! 'HiA
TO THB TTTmXXO. '/^^^
To avoid imitators be sure you see the
aam * GEa MAYERLE
I »«f ore entering and . km . the «0Reet
number, 1071 Market 81.
ADVERT1SEME8TB.
X^ 0^^ Monday ', Sept. 5 N ** >s nJ
Annual Sale of
White and Colored
Blankets
Our ANNUAL FALL SALE of FINE WHITE and COLORED BLANKETS
will commence to-morrow. The assortment is most complete for single,
three-quarter and double beds and are the BEST VALUES WE HAVE EVER
OFFERED. We will show these Blankets in white, red, licuna, pink,
bluer\and^ graiy. \; • *• i; "H^ •'.•*¦'¦ '• *".:¦;:'** 7 %?>-.
lm|^[^pS^7p;! BLANKETS, for thrae-
auarter beds, 1 , "sellinn ybpu^ low v..m i--7'c nr
200;Daip California White BLANKETS, full size,
5 pounds: in weight) special or nn nr
value v^vv.-v-v-V::;^^:;...-...;-;^."'-.* 31 "" P 1
150 pair California White BLANKETS, oj en nr
'extra heavu. double hed size-. ..... vfiOU pi
75 pair "Ohio" Fleece White BLANKETS, yei;u
fine wool and large size.. ........ JB RjJ nr
50 pair "bhio^- Golden: Fleece BLANKETS: in
pink ;pr .; blue, made . from selected ;:rwodl,
full size and, wsiaht, selling low on nn nr
- The al)OYe are but few of the manu
: dualities we are showing and :we .will he :
. pleased to have visitors examine our -
stock hefore returning home. o* j»
WINDOW DISPLAY g
NOTICE— Our store will be open Monday and
closed Tuesday and Friday.
- Jm Jv . m y If mm B *
-11 1 to 12 1 •; Post Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\i| A great opportunity for you to, replenish your- linen 'In
III supply. . Gonclavcfestivities call for extra*' linehr— and the IIJJ
¦I best. Below we give a few .prices— three in table linen /jj
JJI and one in towels, just, to show how .the values, run. jjll
||] Our linen department is- fast beebming a feature of. the JlM
j| store. - "Quality" is the watchword • ; there— and that's film
n wha.t wins. • > ' |JJ|
III TABLE DAMASK — White DAMASK CLOTHS— Silver M
11 German mercerized table bleach, all linen. Damask; ill
\ V| Damask; i heavy, quality; I all -new patterns: j. II
II witli , brilliant satia: finish; Size 2x2 yards; worth $2.50. . \ JU
. II a variety of hew patterns. ......... ..$1.75 11
ill Regular . value 6 5 c yard. Sjze 2x2 % yards ; worth $3^ B
Bill Sale price.., ...".:. ,V : 44c, 55^ •^'^rd'sV worth $^. |
U/l " D AM AS K NAPKINS— ........:...... v...?2.75 81
nj\| White, size 20x20;: heavy, TOWELS— White, all-linen I
Jill strong weave Irish goods, Hiick Towels, with hem- H
'llM ' n a K°°d pattern assort- .. med ends; size 20x40 H
lill ment. Sale price, per inches. Regular 3 for $1.00. II
H|| dozen ............. .ipl.SO Sale price, each 23c II
I Monday Specials I
I on the First Floor I
[]| The store will be open all day .in order ufl
\u\ . that final shopping-may be done before the conclave be- Ku [
III gins in earnest. Besides the specials given below, many 11
jj attractions are to be found on every floor — new "goods Hi
II -^-newness is the keynote everywhere. JJ|
|[j CHIFFON PATTERN WASH RIBBONS— All the I
fl VEILS— All the leading J leading colors — the 4-inch Nil
M colors, with dainty striped width.. Regular 45c yard. lill
Hi - satin borders:. . Special 29c if I X
50c and 75c values... ,20c LADIES . HOSE-Black lace I//
1(1 • • • • • • • • • • • • • ' • ooc 3 pair for .?l.O0> . M
Nil : C H IFF. ON PATTERN LADIES 1 HANDKER- ||
(HI \, .VEILS— Apphqued, m silk : CHIEFS— Lace embroid- M
m\ and lace— the ;new^effects. :- ered, hemstitched and em- |||
I II I Also crepe hemstitched pat- broidered edges. Our reg- ||f
y| terns, in new fall shades. ular 25c quality. Special. : III.
f II $2.50 and $3 values. .91.20 ;; ;_.; , 12 %c jll
' II* NECkWEAR-^-New Dutch MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS 11
III ' . Collars, embroidered in all — Pure linen/ v hemstitched, Hi.
IM colorsi Can be 'worn with ;.¦ ; initial . handkerchiefs. -Our ¦11
||\l. ribbon or Windsor, " ties; regular' 25c quality. Spe- IH
II the latest' fa*. Special. 15c cial: .............. .'.12^c . BB
I | The Store AYillBe Open AU Day Monday | |
\ nSl r:O#ff£& <5f?AA/r JX/£. AMD 0£A/?Y S7T \jl .
i\^\^iVi. ;V'i -.,'.....',¦!,. . .¦•• ¦' -.*'.;•. v.v"- '¦ "•-'¦¦ - ¦>• • ¦'¦" •' I/I
.. , . ¦ . ADVERTISE3IENTS. . . . : ¦
.JgllLj 20* DISCOUNT
Tf^^^^^^^^^W On aI1 Bc4 Sets bought on or before
H Birdseye Haple, Ma-
hogany. Golden and
'^Si^^-^r^'^M Quarter- sawed Oak,
plan makes it convenient for ..you to
get what goods you want. You are
welcome to look through rmr QtnrW and I ¦» ¦¦• ¦ '¦
compare prices. Every day is bargain day with us. We don't
pay rent — that's why we undersell others.
Cash or Little-at-a- Time Payments..
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CD.
I0I7-I023 MISSION STRFFT t Above Sixth.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. .'...-.
J« I FURNITURE- © Q CARPETS a I
I DRAPE,RIEv5 © ® WALL -PAPER \mt
649^651 1 MARKET ST.oppKEARNY% Day. ' ' :':'. ', '.
Special services at various churches.
Grand Encampment of the United ' States . will attend services at the First Congregational Church,
corner of Post and Mason' streets, at 11 o'clock' a. m. Special escort to and from church, Golden Gate'Coin
mandery No. 16. :, •.¦..-*;.
California Commandery No. 1, in full Templar uniform, will attend religious services in the main
auditorium of the Mechanics' Pavilion at 3 o'clock p. m.. Rev. Frederick \V. Clampett officiating. ,.
Evening.
McKinley memorial sacred concert, under the auspices of California Commandery No. 1, at Mechan
ics' Pavilion, f mm 8 to 9:30 o'clock. - .- ' ¦ • •
Events for To-Day s oh Programme
Continued on Page 39, Column 3.
. Some idea of the cost of the illumi
nation during conclave week .may be
gained when It is known that the low
est bid for the plant was $53,000 and the
cost for the current $25,000. Over 150.000
electric lights and 10.000 Chinese and
Japanese lanterns of all colors are used.
•In the grand court of honor alone 20,000
lamps are used, while at the colonnade
7500 is * the total. San Francisco '• has
realized ' that this is her, opportunity, to
show, the visiting .Knights from all
parts of the country, what she can do.
and if they do not return to their homes
fuir.of; memories' of San Francisco - It
will not.be through lack; of hard: and
willing work on the part of r her citizens.
side, are lights and Chinese lanterns
entwined among the greens and flow
ers, making a fairy representation of a
Hongkong tea garden. In the upper
balcony is a representation of the.Sier
ra scenery, and among the forest of
evergreens are strung rows of lights.
Blazing emblems appear on every side.
Those who come down town in the
evening by way of the Haight, Valen
cia '.or Castro street cars will see the
illumination in its glory, and to those
who do not it. will well repay them' to
ride out beyond. Tenth street and then
ride -into the ' maelstrom of . blazing
light. \- ,. . ;.\ .•" ..;. : ¦ ;
The uptown I illumination was g par
ticularly, beautiful at the, Mechanics'
Pavilion, which was outlined in lights
and had the Insignia of the, order hung
upon . its -,' walls. A * huge sign $ that
crosses Larkln •[ street •.¦ blazed • forth
"Headquarters. California'Commander
ies."^ Inside the Pavilion the illumina
tions "continue qn a' more compact but
equally as elaborate a scale. In the va
rious headquarters of • the commander
ies from; all." parts of California 1 'are
novel j ideas ¦ in, light i arrangements. . In
tho banquet hall, - on the Hayes j street
the center- of the colonnade is a. three
column triumphal arch, from which -is
suspended the cross . of the most- emi
nent grand master, which is embossed
with lights, and, together with ..the
loops of lights strung from curb to cut b
and Hales' ;.*' illumination, attracted
crowds to the colonnade. From the col
onnade the strings of lights continue at
regular intervals to the > intersection I of
Tenth, Fell and Market streets. <i- .
The City Hall, '-(.which has always in
past illuminations. been a feature of the
celebration, was* more gorgeously deco
rated than ever before. The main build-
Ing was outlined in light, while jj the
dome was ablaze. '
UPTOWN ILLUMINATION. :
Both sides of Geary street were light
ed with arcs as far as the Hotel St.
Francis, which was also brilllantlv il
luminated and decorated. .
Unlou square is surrounded by white
masts that support girdles of lights,
while conrecting the masts are strings
of lights and Japanese lanterns. At the
four corners of the square are sus
pended large ., Japanese lanterns, with
clusters of electric lights inside.
On Market *street,;.after- leaving the
grand ccurt Of honor, : the, canopy of
lights continues to the 'grand .colon
nade, that extends midway between
Fifth and Sixth streets. The approach
to both sides of the colonnade is made
between | Corinthian - columns \ \ twined
with ¦ strings of • frosted lights, ¦ while, in
web. At its outer edge, suspended
from the huge ring that has ' taken
much thought and work to accomplish,
were suspended at intervals other em
blems of the order, all richly illumin
ated. The nearby buildings, including
the Palace Hotel and the Call building,
were outlined with lights- and hung
with mottoes and insignia. . The thou
sa-'"- of lights concentrated in this
court made that "part of Market street
as light as day.
GEARY STREET LIGHTED.
At Post and New Montgomery streets
the Masonic Temple was ablaze with
lights and all the insignia and emblems
cf the Templars hung illuminated on its
walls.' The Union Trust building, op
posite tha Masonic Temple and partly
facing Market street, was also outlined
with lights.' From this point streamers
and flags are strung down Montgomery
Etreet for one block and greens and
electric lights are strung at intervals
along Post street as far as Powell.
The court 'of honor at the intersec
tion of Marftet, Kearny, Geary arid
Third streets, over which much
thought and care havp been expended,
proved to be the grandest display, that
has ever been given In San Francisco.
From stout cables stretching from tall
buildings on each side of Market street
was suspended a glittering bell-shaped
mass, with a rim forty feet in diame
ter, with strings tapering to the top
lights, while in the center of the web,
blazing like Jewels, was seen the sign
of the order. A huge passion cross
and crown and the 'motto "In" Hoc
SIgno Vlnces," all thickly incrusted
with lights, lay In the center of the
At the beginning of the lane of lights,
where Steuart street enters Market, is
a colonnade of double columns, pat
terned after Corinthian architecture.
On each side of the street and sus
pended between the columns shone the
simple word "welcome." From this
arch the 6trings of lights continued
for two miles.
foot emblem done in the appropriate
colors of the Templars. Nor was the
Government behindhand. The warships
were strung with lights and the white
beams- of their searchlights crossed the
sky.
COLONNADE OF COLUMNS.
Besldes the other services to-day there
will be a great memorial service in
commemoration of Sir William McKin
ley, given. at the . Mechanics' Pavilion
under the auspices of California'Com
mandery No. 1, at 7:30 o'clock: • this
evening. Sir Reuben P. Hurlbut will
have direction of the exercises, while
Sir George W. Bennett wlirbe the'mu
sical director. One of the great fea
tures of "the service will be the chorus
of BOO voices under the "direction of-Pro
fessor John W. McKenzie. ' ¦ -
The following is the programme of the
services: . . <£
Dirge- (Chopin); overture,. -VTannr
hauser"- (Wagner) ; invocation ceremo
nies,' by. the . drill corps -of.. California
Commandery No. 1, assisted by' the
vested *choir of Trinity . Church— (a)
"Lead. Kindly Light." (b) "The Lord's
I Prayer", (music by John Hendon Pratt),
: (c> Onward Christian Soldiers"; "Sanc
tus" from mass "Solienelle'\ (Gounod);
oration. Sir Knight Samuel M. Short
ridge; "Lead Thou Me On," Templar
choir of California Commandery; para
phrase on "Nearer, My God. . to Thee"
(Reeves);' soprano solo, "The Holy
City," Miss Millie Flynn ;¦ transcription
on Schubert's "Serenade" (Liszt);
grand chorus of 500 voices, under direc
tion of Professor John W. McKenzie —
(a) "The Lost Chord"/ (Sullivan), to)
"Rock of Ages" (the audience will
please rise and join in singing the last
number); "Angelus" from "Suite Scenes
Fittoresque" (Massenett); : "The, Star-
Spangled.; Banner." Miss :Milllel Fljrnn:
"Tenting To-night." Temphir choir of
California Commandery; "America.". ,
This afternoon at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion California Commandery No. 1
Could the padres of o!d have stepped
from the ferry at the foot of Market
street last night after the current had
electrified the jnyrlads of lights on
that broad thoroughfare they would
hav» been amazed at the wondrous
sight of their beloved San Francisco.
If tiziy of our visitors were to arrive
E.t night their first impression from
the ferry-boat would be that the city
v. as aflame.. Seen from the bay, the
illumination cast a glow upon the sky
puch as is caused only by great con
flagrations.
Colonnades, columns and arches,
buildings, stores and emblems all alight
with the glowing bulbs, was the sight
that greeted San Franciscans last
nUrht. The brilliant display . stretched
from the ferry building, at the head
of Market street, to Tenth street, and
included one great loop that reached
out to take in Union Square. Besides
this there were manyside illuminations
just off the great thoroughfare that
added their share to the general glory.
The fluttering flagi clustered on poles,
from which were suspended strings of
lights, added life to the scene.
And while the city was doing her
best to dazzle the visitors the State
was not behind in giving her contribu
tion to the illumination. At the ferry
building the Harbor Commissioners
had every light in the place working
and the great nave, with its band of
lights, was well worth visiting. Out
eide the building was outlined In fairy
tracery against the sky and directly
under the Jarc© clock wu a twentjr-
Those entering the Mechanics' Pavil
ion to attend the religious exercises
and the subsequent events of the week
will be astonished at the change in th«
building. The entire place resembles a
forest of redwoods, while the cedar
trimming on the roof beams and cross
trees adds to the effect.
The main floor has been converted
into a California forest of tall redwood
trees. On all sides rise the high tops
of these trees, their heads reaching far
above the galleries and their boughs
forming a canopy overhead. The gal
leries are covered with green, forming
a continuation of the trees rising from
the floor and the forest appears to
reach from .the floor to the ceiling.
Upon ascending to the gallery the vis
itor encounters a group of; three fig
ures, representing two nymphs tempt
ing Pan to drink from a lily, which is
Processional hymn.; readings and re
sponses, the Lord's Prayer, reading and
responses, hymn, declaration of faith,
the Apostles' Creed, the first and sec
ond lessons, Gounod's anthems, prayer,
benediction and recessional - hymn.
There will be a sermon by the Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett.
The California Commandery choir,
under the direction of A. A. Batkln, di
rector, and consisting of D. M. Law
rence, C. -T. TWendell. A. C. Lawrence,
R. W. Smith. E. C Boysen, R. D. Bur
ness, H. W. Patrick, L. A. Larsen. W.
C. Campbell, A. Mennie and E. G. Mae-
Bain, -will be joined by -the Trinity
Church chof rV- composed of Miss Miliia
Flynn, Miss Una Fairweather. Chester
Rosekrans and Peter J. Olssep. The cc
der of exercises is as follows: -'a
will hold a Sunday 'service at 2:33
o'clock. ' . : ' ' '
McKiriley Services
to Close TfcDays Events.
Thousands Gaze in Admira
tion at Citys Illuminations.
SCENE AT THE COLONNADE ON MARKET STREET, NEAR SIXTH, LAST EVENING WHILE MERRY CROWDS WERE ENJOYING THE BRILLIANT ILLUMINATIONS.
F~AN FRANCISCO'S hospitality, initiative, energy and originality have been well demonstrated to the Knights Templar now within the city's gates. Famed for Ker electrical displays, the 'city surpassed herself last evening and
*** no one but l\ad admiration, to express after viewing the brilliant spectacle. Far into the night crowds surged through the. streets and the carnival spirit reigned. Services at the First Congregational Church this morning will be at
tended by tlie grand officers of the order and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon California Commandery will hold sacred exercises in Mechanics' Pavilion. : -In the 'evening at Mechanics' pavilion the Knights will pay tribute to the mem
ory of the htc President Williajn McKinley. The scn'iccs zvill be stately and impressive. "'\" '::"..' '4$~4%'i ' '' ; V ;V ':^ '¦ "'''''¦*> '-¦'*,. ¦••¦¦ It. '
Pages 37 to 46
Pages 37 to 46
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
BRILLIANT ILLUMINATIONS INSPIRE VISITORS AND CITIZENS
AND CARNIVAL SPIRIT PREVAILS ON EVE 0F THE CONCLAVEThe checks which King . Edward ' uses
for his private business are drawn on
hiSL personal account at Coutts'. The
signature Is "Edward R.,". followed by
a small royal crown. The checks are
printed on gilt-edged paper, but are
otherwise quite in the usual form.
For sixteen centuries the inhabitants
of Beziers. in South France, have held
the camel sacred, for in 250 A. D. St.
Aphrodise, mounted on one of these
animals, evangelized the city, in their
museum they preserve a curious pa
pier-mache effigy of a camel.
Blackburn's ; Apt Reply.
Senator Joe Blackburn of Kentucky
tells one on himself. He was admiring
ly looking atjj a pretty woman at the
railroad station- in Washington— not
impertinently, but courteously, heonuse
she was beautiful— when she exclaimed,
"Rubber!" shrugged her shoulders and
frowned. , The.' Senator took off his hat
and said: '"Madam, I beg a thousand
pardons. I took the liberty of admiring
you'-because" I thought you . were the
real thing." ~
Kuro pat kin's Vigilance.
Kuropatkln will be fifty-six' next
month. He is an inspiring, figure,
trusted because he has never been
afraid. Five years ago Kuropatkin
was warned that the jrreat powder
magazine at St. Petersburg was to be
blown up within twenty-four hours,
and the magazine at Toulon, too.
Toulon was outside his sphere, but
Kuropatkin, who received the warn
ing while in bed. rose' and went to the
St. Petersburg magazine stores. Can
ing together officers |and men. he in
spected the stores. -declared the in
spection satisfactory and gave every
man three days' leave as a token of
his pleasure. Other guards and sap
pers were summoned., a rampart was
dug around the : magazine and before
night it waa certain that any . danger
that had existed had been averted
Nothing happened, but the next morn
ing the : powder magazine in Toulon
was blown up.
Buildings in the 'principal streets of
Liverpool, England, are not allowed to
exceed ninety feet in height. -
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 3.— The Re
publican County Convention met here
to-day and renominated Warren iM.
John for the Assembly.- M. . Gerst of
Paso Robles, L. M. ' Kendall of " Pozo
and George W. McCabe of San Luis
Oblspo were nominated for Supervisors.
Henry TV. Lynch, candidate for State
Senator, was present and addressed the
convention. Resolutions were adopted
indorsing President" Roosevelt and the
Republican administration.
Assemblymen and Supervisors.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Kroon
land, for Antwerp via Dover; stmr St Paul
for Southampton via Plymouth and Cherbourg'
Btmr Umbria. for Liverpool; stmr illnnehaha'
for London: stmr Graf Waldersee for Ham
burg via JDover; gtmr Anchoria. for Glasgow
etmr. Pwogla, for Naples. Genoa and Le«.'
born. " ' .
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Mount
Temple, from Montreal via London. ¦
Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Finland, for New YorV
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr La Touralne
for New York. , ' • "*
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Noor
dam, for New York. •' ¦
I LIVERPOOL— Arrived 8ept 3— Stmr Cretic
from Boston; ttmr LUcanla. from New York*
atmr Corinthian, from Montreal. «¦ T- ,'
Sailed Sept a — Stmr Etrurla. for New Yort
CHERBOURG — Arrived S#pt ¦"¦> 3-i-Stmr
Bluecher. from. New York, via Plymouth for
Hamburg; «tmr Statendam. from New York
- galled Sept 3— Stmr Germanic,. fm South
ampton for New York.
QUttENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 3~Stmr Od
rlc, from Liverpool for New York. . --• ¦ •
BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept 3— 8tmr Hamburr
from Hamburtc and Dover for New York
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York.
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr New York, 1 from N« w
York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg (passed
Hurst Castle at 1:50 a. m., Sept. 4).
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Sept : 3
fetmr A-merlca Mam. from • 8an - Francisco
Honolulu. Yokohama, etc ¦ .
• M0VILLE— Sailed Sept ; 3— Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow for "New York. ' • ¦ „¦'
LONDON— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Mesaba, for
K«w York.' .
OCEAN STEAMEn.3.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
A prominent New York physician
tells this story at the expense of the
modern craze for specialization in the
medical profession: A poor woman
from the East Side went to a nearby
dispensary to ask for aid for her lit
tle son, | who had one of his fingers
smashed with a baseball bat. At the
first room where she applied she was
told by a curt attendant that the boy
could not be treated there.
"Wrong place" he explained, "this
isjthe eye and ear department."
"Vdre is der thumb and finger de
partment?" inquired the woman, sim
ply.—New York Commercial.
The Wrong Department.
The will of Clara T. Morrison.
x\ ho died at Rejdesheim, Germany, on
August 28, was filed for probate in
the Superior Court yesterday by her
brother. Frederick Maurer of Ala
meda, who was named as her execujor.
She siimed the will at Dresden. Ger
many, on February 20 of this year.
The estate is a large one, including
bond holdings in the Makaweli plan
tation in the Hawaiian Islands. The
minor bequests in the will are in sums
ranging from $250 to $2000 for the
many relatives of herself and her de
ceased husband.
Large Estate Is D!six>sed Of.
The United States has a total of 20,873
newspapers as follows: Dailies, 2153;
weeklies, 18,827; monthlies, 2791; semi
weekly, 471; tri-weekly, 49; biweekly,
60; semi-monthly, 275; tri-monthly. 2;
bi-monthly, 6S; quarterly, 175; semi
quarterly, 2; total, 20.S79.. The first six
States, in the number of their newspa
pers,, rank as follows: New York, 1936;
Illinois. 1726; Pennsylvania, 1393; Ohio,
1218; Iowa, 1032; Mississippi. 1045.
Alaska has two dailies and the Phil
ippine Islands four.
We Have 20,879 Newspapers.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Charles Fin
ney Clark, aged 68 years, president of
the Bradstreets ompany, died in Lon
don to-day of heart failure, presumably
caused by an attack of indigestion. The
body will be brought back on the
Oceanic.
Head of Eradstreet's Dies.
AUBURN, " Sept. 3.— The Republican
county convention to-day met and
nominated three supervisors— W.' A.
Freeman in district 3, J. B. Hayford in
district 4 and George H. Bisbee in
district 5. Hayford was nominated on
the thirty-seventh ballot, after a three
cornered fight with Henry Lobner and
William Nichols. - ' ..
Republicans Nominate Supervisors.
The will of Peter J. Dunne, who
died suddenly* on August 24, was filed
yesterday in the Superior Court. The
document was dated in this city March
28. 1900, and was brief. It stated
that all ot the estate was left to Mrs.
Dunne, "to the exclusion of all . my.
children, now or hereafter born." The
wife was appointed as executrix with
out bonds and was authorized to sell
the property of the estate without any
order of the court V : ** -_¦¦
Peter J. Dunne's Will Filed.
F. T. Grinsell from Wadsworth,
New. came to the Emergency Hospi
tal at 2 o'clock yesterday morning
with a battered head. He stated that
¦while asleep on a doorstep on Fill
jr.ore street, near Market, he had been
robbed by a policeman of about J17
juid when he resisted the policeman
had clubbed him. Dr. Boskowitz, who
attended Grinsell at the hospital, said
the man had been drinking, but evi
dently knew what he was talking
about. Grinsell described the robber
as being: in uniform, helmet and hav
ing a large mustache.
Awakened by a 'Robber.
Millionaire Bradbury Held for Trial.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 3.— Millionaire
W. B. Bradbury had his preliminary
hearmg before Judge Magee to-day on
a charge of assault, preferred by Mrs.
C. Hani fin, and was held in $2000 bonds
to await trial in the Superior Court.
Bradbury did not offer any defense. He
secured his release on bonds furnished
by his wife and nephew.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Ordnance ex
perts of the United States army, after
months of wprk, . have . succeeded 1p
constructing a magazine rifle which is
believed to be superior to any in use
in foreign armies at this time. Every
Government arsenal , in the United
States with the necessary facilities is
working night and' day, turning out
the. new arm, and 40,000 of them al
ready have been completed.
None will be Issued to the troops of
the regular « establishment/ however,
until 100,000, the number requisite to
supply the maximum strength' of the
army on a war footing, have been com
pleted. At the present rate of prog
ress this probably will be about De
cember'l and the issuance will be im
mediately begun. . , ; . \'''
The rifles which were in use in the
Spanish- American war are to be re
turned to . the arsenals and later re
issued to the various militia organiza
tions, now armed with the ancient
Springfield rifles, which are regarded &a
almost as obsolete as the old flintlocks
or percussion guns. .
The most noticeabl: " difference be
tween the old and the new arm. p.ppar
ent at first glance, is the fact that the
barrel of, the lattc-- is entirely, covered
with wood. .After the -campaign in
Cuba and the Philippines, many com
plaints were made to the ordnance of
ficers, who said that, after, a period of
rapid discharge the rifles became so hot
that It was sometimes necessary to
cease firing for a. time to permit them
to. cool. i ?:.; • -. - .,' > • ' ,
The bore of the new rifle is a smaller
caliber, being, about r.30 inch, while the
initial velocity and penetrating power
are both greater than the old arm.
The magazine .has a capacity of five
cartridges and . can '."be! filled • with ; ease
and quickness... The gun,: fully assem
bled, weighs a trifle more than eight
pounds and/ according to ordnance ex
perts," is ; exceptionally. " Well' balanced,
adding to the ease of Its discharge en/
the accuracy of aim. . / . . •
Twenty -three aimed shots have bee?
fired. in one minute with the rifle; used
as a, single -."loader,. '. and:;; twenty-five
shots in the same time, using the mag
azine.' • • . ' ' - ' • •¦* "- • ¦ ¦•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A medical man is responsible for the
theory that the smoking of tobacco
tends to develop baldness. For some
reason or other every mysterious dis
ease Is attributed • sooner or later to
tobacco. But there were hrave men
before Agamemnon, and there was dis
ease before the days of Sir Walter
Raleigh. Julius Caesar, who lighted
neither churchwarden nor havana, was
wont to comb h!s thinning locks for
ward over his brow In order to cloak
his baldness and Elisha certainly could
not have ©reserved his hair at the pe
riod when he was Insulted by ribald
boys. From earth's earliest ages there
have surely been men" walking under
the everlasting firmament with smooth
and shiny heads, and we altogether
protest, therefore, against the addition
of baldness to the cumulative charges
brought against tobacco.
It Is one of the saddest evidences of
mortality's inherent and ' incurable
baseness that tobacco, which is cer
tainly one of mankind's chlefest bless
ings, should be forced to beat out Into
the wilderness of medical theories
nearly every sickness and evil which,
so far, the sacred weed has been unable
to remove.— London Globe.
Tobacco and Baldness.
Mrs. Ida Crow of "Portland applied
to Policeman Conlon yesterday after
noon at the ferry for aid. She said
she was destitute and had not the
means of procuring food for her five
children,- one of .whom waa only a
year old. She was taken to the City
Prison and placed in the charge of
Matron Mrs. Condon. Her five chil
dren are all under 13 years of age.
Mrs. Crow savs her husband died two
weeks . aeo in Portland and left her
without means. Her children will be
given in the charge of some charitable
institution and the police will try to
find a place for her.
Find Destitute Woman.
"You speak of Mr. Jenka as though
his name were spelled with an T In
stead of an *e'."
"Oh. yes," the large woman ex
claimed." "I perceives you puts the ac
cess on the pronoun." — Washington
Time*.
Two negro women boarded a Penn
sylvania avenue car at Seventh street.
One was a large, dark skinned woman,
flashily dressed; the other was a small,
yellow woman; wearing a modest gown.
The women were discussing a mutual
friend, Mr. Jenks. The i large woman
spoke In loud tones and pronounced
the name of the man as though it were
spelled J-i-n-k-s. It was evident from
the expression on the face of the
smaller woman that she waa annoyed
by the loud talking and mispronunci
ation of her friend. FinaM-v she' pro
tested:
Put the "Access" on Pronoun.
New Arm Superior to Any
Now in Use in Foreign
Military Establishments
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— The charge of
robbery against Captain John O. Ad
ler of the steamer Coquille River
was dismissed in the Police Court
this morning. He was accused by
Eric Gustafsen with having stolen
510. The captain was able to show
that it was money owed him by the
sailor. Gustafsen failed to appear to
testify in the case.
Captain Adler Discharged.
PARIS, Sept. 3.— Mile. Marc Glaser
of Paris suffered for, three years from
tuberculosis and heart affection , and
was judged to be incurable. A pil
grimage to Lourdes was unavailing.
She was conveyed,- however, to-- the
Church of Notre Dame des Victdires
and at the moment of benediction she
sprang up, singing a hymn. The doc
tors have made inquiry and find Mile.
Glaser unaccountably free from disease
and quite convalescent.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1804. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company... . .
Visit to Church of Xotre Dame des
Vlctoires Frees Young Woman
From Disease.
REMARKABLE CURE .SAID V
. TO HAVE BEEN EFFECTED
OAKLAND, Sept. 3. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Herman R.
Man. 21, and Fannie C. Carter, 17.
both of Oakland; Manuel B. Azevedo,
T3. and Maggie de Costa, 17, both of
Oakland; William H. Morrill. 24, Oak
land, and Eliza Du Barry, 24, Sacra
mento; Stephen L. Richards, 21, and
Catherine Mullins, 20, both of Sacra
mento; Claude A. Markly. 26, San
Francisco, and Janet A. K. Murray, 23.
Oakland; Walter S. Schee. 60, Santa
Monica, and Edith Baldwin. 30, Oak
land; Ernest C. Merryfleld. 33, Col
ton, and Leila G. Bovard, 26, Berke
ley; Emile G. Schutz, 26, San Francis
co, and Irene B. Le Noir, 21/ Oakland.
Marriage licenses.
Ohio Judge Punishes Runaway Wife
and Man Who Coaxed Her to
Leave Home.
: CLEVELAND.. Sept. 3.— Morrison
Schwartz and Anna Starkman were to
day sent to the workhouse to serve
sentences equivalent to three and two
years, respectively, by Judge Whelan
for eloping. . . ,
The woman was living happily with
her husband in Toronto until she met
Schwartz. Two weeks ago Schwartz
came to Cleveland and wrote to her to
-meet him here. *
WOMAN WHO LEFT HUSBAND;
IS SENT TO WORKHOUSE
MARSEILLES, Sept. 4.— The mari
time supremacy of Marseilles, the sec
ond city in France, Is threatened with
extinction owing to the continuance of
the strike and the tie-up of the entire
marine Industry. Much traffic has al
ready been diverted to Spanish j and
Italian ports. The strikers to-day
sought to interrupt street traffic, and
the troops were called upon to disperse
the strikers. The steamship companies,
including the French Atlantic Com
pany, refuse to yield until the sailors
consent to submit to the discipline of
their commanders.
Labor Troubles Threaten Maritime
. Supremacy of French Port.
TIE-UP AT MARSEILLES.
The alleged felon is believed to be
James Murphy, who was arrested
August 28 on suspicion. that he stole
some valuable ship chandlery. One of
the trusties who works at the prison
is supposed to have- taken "a" note
from the prisoner. .He should : not
have been permitted to hold ( any con
versation with, the arrested 'man, as
the latter was held in detinue.
The letter Interfered with the plans
of Captain Martin in regard to the
prisoner. It gave information to an
attorney tht may have spoiled a good
case. ' " ' - ., ; « .. .
Quite a sensation was created in
the City Prison last night, when Chief
Wittman severely took tiv task Ser
geant Bidwell for his lax methods, in
conducting the jail. It is known that
a note was taken from a felony pris
oner.
Head of Police Department 'Calls
Down Sergeant Bidwell for Lax
Management of Prisoners. ; ¦
CHIEF WITTMAX* ROASTS
CITY PRISON OFFICIAL
OAKLAND, Sept. 3. — Mrs. Hannah
P. Jackson, a pioneer resident of this
city, died last night at her home, 804
Sixteenth street, aged 82 years. The
deceased was the widow of the late
<;iles A. Jackson and leaves two
children, Austin M. Jackson and Mrs.
C. E. Quigley.
Frederick G. Low, aged 78 years,
<lied yesterday at his home, 2010
Broadway. The deceased has been a
resident of Oakland for the last thir
ty-six years and leaves a widow and
Jive children, Frederick G., John P.,
Frank P., William P. Low and Mrs.
Marshall Bowen.
Mrs. Susie Trevitts. the wife of
George E. Trevitts, died yesterday at
her residence in this city. Mrs. Tre
vitts was the daughter of the late Al
heit W. Stone. Her mother, Mrs.
Martha Stone, still survives her.
Deaths in Alameda County.
The convention will adjourn Tues
day evening. Among the speakers
will be Rev. P. T. Richard of Santa
Barbara, Rev. P. O. Miller of San
Jose, Rev. M. Wallrath of Colusa, Dr.
Alfred Eichler of San Francisco and
Simon Peisel of San Jose.
The State convention of the Ger
man Catholics will open at St. An
thony's Church, Army street, between
Shotwell and Folsom, this morning
with high mass celebrated by Father
Thomas, O. S. B.. of Mount Angel, Or.
The sermon will be preached by Arch
bishop Riordan. The first closed meet
ing of delegates will take place this
afternoon and in the evening there
will be a meeting of German Catholics,
which will be opened by Father Fuhr,
O. F. II., of Los Angeles. An address
will be given by Archbishop Mont
gomery.
State Session of the Order Opens This
Morning at St. Anthony's
Church.
GERMAN CATHOLICS WILL
GATHER IN CONVENTION
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. S.— A cousin
of President Garfield died at the
County Poor Farm yesterday.
H. P. .Garfield was 80 years old and
was the first cousin of the * President.
Their fathers were brothers and lived
near each other. in Ohio for years. The
aged man . told . many stories of his
boyhood with the youth later to be
mourned by the nation.
Two years ago Garfield went to the
poor farm. After he was there four
months his friends learned of his situa
tion and gave him a home. Two
months ago, when very low with his
Fickneas, he was again taken to the
farm; because he would not ask his
Ohio relatives for aid. '
Relative of Martyr President Passes
Away at the Age of Eighty
Years.
GARFIELD'S FIRST COUSIN
DEES. ON A rOOR FARM
The receipt this week of the first cot
ton bills, with the probability that
within a fortnight they will be offered
in abundance, directs attention to the
methods of negotiating them, the way
in which the Southern grower gets hi3
money, and the means used by foreign
spinners In settling for purchases. The
common notion is that the producer
is Dut to the trouble of borrowing the
necessary money In order to dispose of
his cotton. The reverse of this is true
—as the buyer of the cotton usually
pays the farmer in cash when the
staple is delivered, or as soon as it ia
bargained for.
A cotton bill la like any other com
mercial bill drawn against the purchase
of a particular article. Where the sta
ple is intended for shipment it ia ac
companied by a bill of lading. Invoice
and policy of insurance. The most im
portant device, however, is the draft
which accompanies* It, thia being th»
instrument whereon money ia raised
to pay the planter. Most of the cot
ton ia handled bv "factors." The fac
tor, or Southern representative of the
spinner, concludes all arrangements
for paying for the cotton. Here la a
case in point:
A Liverpool spinner wanta to buy
$200,000 worth of cotton in America-
He secures a letter of credit from a
foreign bank of international standing
and sends it to his American agent
with drafts in blank. The. agent con
tracts for his cotton, goea to a South
ern bank, which buys the bllla at cur
rent ratr- -"f foreign exchange, .and in
return givea a check for the sum re
quired. The buyer then turna thia
check over to the owner of the cotton
and the latter ia paid. The purchase
has been closed so far as this coun
try Is concerned. The draft, which ac
companies the cotton bill, being a nine
ty-day note, bearing an agreed ! rate
of Interest, la finally returned to Tjiver
pool and there presented for payment
at maturity. It is chiefly for the pur
pose of taking up these bllla that larga
currency shipments are made by New
York banks every autumn. -
Buyer Pays Planter Cash on Delivery.
Reverse of the Usual r
Conrse.
SUPERB RIFLE
FOR 0UR ARMY
The British ship Drum
burton, Captain Thomas,
bound from this port for
Seattle, went ashore at
Point Pedro, San Mateo
County, last night, and
may prove a total loss.
At 2:30 o'clock this
morning the ; Merchants'
Exchange was informed
that the vessel's condi
tion was serious, that the
water had reached be
tween decks and the ves
sel was fast; settling. ;
Captain Thomas sig
naled that his wife was
on board and urged that
a tug be sent to the res
cue. , ¦ •
The tug Relief got un
der way with a volunteer
crew about . 3 b'clock and
probably. reached trie ves
qpi nv 4
PAYING "COTTON' BILLS"
USES SPECIAL METHOD
Daisy G. Harlan, a professional
nurse, ivas denied a divorce to-day by
Judge Ogden. She had oegQa suit
against Robert Harlan on the ground
of desertion and failure to' provide,
Lut this she could not prove.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by May Weed against Frank Wfted.
whom she charges with desertion and
failure to provide. Thomas Olivera
has begun a divorce action against
Amelia Olivera on the ground of de
sertion.
OAKLAND. Sept- 3. — Mrs. Anna B.
Hughes-Barnes has begun an a iiion
to free herself from WHlriro E.
Barnes, who a short time aero was
found guilty of forgery and sentence-1
by Judge Hall to nix years in Han
•J'uentin. She married Barnes while
he was in the County Jail to save him
from being tried on a charge of grand
larceny preferred against him by her
self. He afterward caused her a great
deal of trouble and was . arrested a
number of times and was finally found
cuilty and sent to State's prison. The
f=uit is brought on the statutory
ground that Barnes has been car.vict
<-d of a felony.
Mrs. Anna nughcs-Barnos Wants llrr
Ubdtj — Daisy Ilarlan Is De
nied a Divorce.
MISMATED COUPLES
STRIVE FOR FREEDOM
Complainants allege that they were
induced to invest in the duck corpora
tion on the strength of a. printed state
ment Issued by the defendant, which
falsely purported to show that the new
corporation was capable of earning
profits sufficient ' to pay all fixed
charges and dividends on its $50,000,
000 issue of stocks. :
The first . named complainant seeks
to recover the., 'sum of $200,000, which
it paid a subscriber to the.underwrit
ing syndicate of the United States Cot
ton Duck Corporation. The Merchants'
Trust Company asks judgment for
$100,000. which it likewise paid on a
subscription to the same syndicate. 1
The complaints allege that the, defend
ant company in promoting, the. United
States Cotton Duck Corporation used
"false, fraudulent and deceitful" rep
resentations ;to: induce them to sub
scribe to its underwriting syndicate;
with an intent to .. "deceive and de
fraud them/* ¦ . i
NEW YORK. Sept. ;3.-— Two -actions,
seeking to recover' $30.6.000 . from the
Continental Trust Company v of Balti
more, were begun in. the States
Circuit Court here to'-da.v. [f.tfhp ; sif its
were brought by the Central National
Bank of New York in liqtrtdatlbn and
the Merchants* Trust Company of New
Yprk. - ' :
Secure Investors in Cotton
. Dnck Corporation. ¦ v
Suits Are Result of -Alleged Scheme to
BALTIMORE TRUST -COMPANY." j
SUED FOR LARGE SUMS
Tug Relief Goes to Rescue
ol the Imperiled
.Mariners. .
Schuette Is 35 years of age and un
married. His father, Henry C.
Schuette, in the seventies conducted
a grocery at Twelfth and Calhoun
streets. After his wife died, in 1877,
Schuette Sr. —moved to California,
leaving his son here with relatives.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3.— The Post-Dis
patch this evening says: Henry
Schuette of 1301 South Broadway, who
was placed in communication last week
with his sister, Mrs. A. J. Henderson
of Kern, Cal., through the publication
of an item in the Post-Dispatch, has
received a letter from .the young
woman, whom he has not seen for
fourteen years. She wrote him a lov
ing- missive, telling of her great joy
at. learning that he is alive and well.
She Invites him to make her a visit
as soon as possible.
Newspaper, Learns Relative Is
living in California.
St. Lonis Man, Through Item In
HEARS FROM SISTER HE HAS
NOT SEEN IN MANY YEARS
BERKELEY, Sept. 3.— A new dis
ease that recently appeared in the
bean plantations of Napa County is
being investigated by Professor Ralph
E. Smith, plant pathologist of the ag
ricultural department of the Univer
sity of California, The disease man
ifests itself by attacking the vines,
which it causes to take on a sickly hue
and kills off within a week. Profes
sor Smith has been supplied with
samples of these beans and an ex
amination of them convinces him that
the new disease is of a bacterial char
acter. The matter is of considerable
interest in a scientific as well as a
practical way, as the disease is an en
tirely new one. In a number of let
ters to growers he has advised burn-
Ing of all affected vines in the fall and
refrainirtg- from planting beans In the
same place next year. In the mean
time he will make a thorough investi
gation of the new terror.
RUNAWAY TEAM
INJURES YOUTH
Tears Down Section of Wire
Fence and Farm Hand Be
comes Enwrapped in Coils
BARBS LACERATE BODY
Horses Are Caught Just as
They Were About to Dash
Into a Ditch on Eoadside
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 3.— Bert
Laurence, a young farmer, was en
wrapped In barbed wire this afternoon
and dragged for 300 feet by a team of
runaway horses, sustaining injuries
from which he may die. A youth
named Tagg, the son of a dairyman,
was driving the horses to a hayrake
in a field, when . the animals became
frightened and ran away. They col
lided with a barbed wire fence after
having thrown Tagg out of the rake.
A great stretch of the wire was torn
off and became fastened to the rake
and when the runaway horses 'passed
near Laurence he stepped on the wire,
which immediately coiled about him
like a snake. The horses then dashed
on toward a deep ditch, but Tagg suc
ceeded in heading them off and stop
ping them before they took the plunge.
Laurence's. clothing was nearly torn
to shreds, while all over his body were
great, deep cuts from the barbs in the
wire and the sharp corners of the
stones in the field. It took several men
a quarter of an hour to free him from
the coils of the wire, which* were tight
ened to such an extent that for a while
it was feared that life was extinct, f
BAKER RECEIVES BURNS .
THAT MAY PROVE FATAL
Quantity of Ignited Lard Is Spattered
Over His Body, Inflicting Seri
ous Wounds.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept 3— Charles
Richards, a baker, was so badly burned
by hot lard to-day that he may not
live. Richards was heating a pail of
lard at his shop, when it. caught fire
and he turned water into the oven.
The water spattered the burning lard
over his arms, back, neck and chest,
eating deep into the flesh, while the
sudden burst of flame burned off his
mustache and eyebrows and scarred
his face. The physician In attendance
expresses hope that Richards will re
cover, but he says that he is in a
critical condition.
Captain, His Wife and
Crew in Great
1 Peril.
A joint committee consisting of sub
committees from the Merchants' Ex
change, the Oakland Board of Trade
and the Union League Club, have held
a meeting and agreed upon the details
It was decided that a banquet woula
not offer the opportunity for a general
demonstration' such as would allow a
large number to meet the Cabinet of
ficer from this county and that a mass
meeting would give more general sat
isfaction.
It is intended to make this meeting
one -* congratulation from the citizens
of this city to the man who by his
individual Integrity and worth has
made himself a name In national poli
tics and won recognition from tns
Chief Executive of this country. The
programme and speakers will be an
nounced later.
The inhabitants of this city, lrr«
spective of party and politics, will
gather at the Macdonough Theater on
Thursday evening. September 22. for
a public reception to Victor H. Metcalf.
Secretary of Labor and Commerce, and
a member of President Roosevelt 3
Cabinet. •* %i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept. 3.
The body was not identified until
F<->me time after the accident. Lewis
lived at Fruitvale avenue and Blossom
street. Fruitvale. He was a widower,
with six grown children-
shojred the tattooed initials "A. L.."
em mounted by a. crown, on the left
wrist.
The body was conveyed to the local
branch morgu».\ where an examination
ALAMEDA, Sept. 3.— While cross-
Ing the railroad tracks, near--Morton-
street station this afternoon Albert M.
Lewis. S3 years old. was struck by a
light switch engine running .west and
ir.i=tar.t!y killed. His head was cevercd
from his body and his right leg and
aim were ground to a pulp.
In charg'? of the locomotive were
Cosdaetor J. A. McKean, Engineer
Heary B. Coyne and Fireman T. Hoit.
The t-rgirce crew.aprt?e in the statement
that the victim of the accident appear
ed from behind a local train that was
Jest pulling out from Morton-street
nation and th;tt it was too late to re
verse the engine in lime to prevent
hi: ting the man.
As months and years without
bringing any word Mrs. Lassen's battle
with poverty grew more ; bitter/ /,• : ,
Lassen left v this city in 1898 to join in
the rush- to;ihe>gql$ ffclds of the Klon-.
dike, btitvllkjE^'many^another, he met
with disappointment. He took part in
many a "stampede**, to new diggings,
and at last his , perseverance was re
warded and 'fortune ' smiled upon him.
He is interested in several rich claims
in the Whisky Hill country and also
owns a paying claim -on the Tanana
River. •'•'• - V\ -.. ;y \ .;¦ .;;¦ 1;A)r,%j L
After an .absence of more than five
years in the Klondike, Peter Lessen",
formerly a well-known landscape-gar
dener of this city, has returned to . his.
home a rich man. His return-has
brought a new light the eyes of .his
wife, who during the long years of; her.
husband's search for gold ;bas had-*
hard struggle to maintain a home for
herself and her children. - : . V
¦i ¦¦"• w -...•¦ ¦ » ¦¦ --.¦ >.' »v
Oakland Office San .Francisco ' .Call;
-V-..-; 1016-Broadway,. Sept. : &
Arthur Skipper, 19 years of age, the
son of Captain J. J. Skipper of the
schooner Valentia, was found dead this
morning seated in a chair in his room
at the home of his parents, at 911 Six
ty-third street.
The body was discovered by Mrs. A.
Stohl, an aunt of the young man, who
resides at 913 Bristol street* West
Berkeley. The condition of the body in
dicates that Skipper had been dead for
about two days. ' ~
The young man's father is away
from home, accompanied by his wife
and daughter. He has been notified"
of his son's death. The deceased was
an inveterate cigarette smoker, and It
Is believed that death was caused by
nicotine poisoning. The* remains were
taken to the Morgue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 3.
The County Central Committee, as
selected by the various Assembly dis
tricts, is as follows: V- ¦?.-.. '
Forty-sixth District— J. "JM. Joseph,
at- G. Callaghan, Henry Riemers, J. P.
Tormey. : . ' •
Forty-seventh— T.'c. Stoddard, R. L.
Sampson. W. E. Sculley, A. F. St. Sure.
Forty-eighth— L;j.. Muma, W. B.
White, Martin Ryan, J..J. Collier.
' FOrty-nlnth— F. J. Moffltt, J. C. Bul
lock, G- Fletcher, B. T. Connolly.
Fiftieth— A. T. AfcDonough, M. A.
Fitzpatrick, J. J. Pegnan. A. Borland.
: Fifty-first— M. J. Laymance, J. T.
Rielly, B. F. Stetson, H. E. Harnwood.
Fifty-second— J. H. Cregan, C. F.
Frasier, Clyde E. Abbott, F. W. Mon
day. ¦ i .: •
Thirteenth Senatorial District, Dan
iel. Ingram; Fourteenth Senatorial .Dis
trict, no nomination; Fifteenth Senato
rial District,. George E. Faw. ;
Assemblymen — Forty-sixth District,
J. S. Joseph; Forty-seventh, Frank D.
Dodd; Forty-eighth, Charles L.
French; Forty-ninth, no nomination;
Fiftieth, P. J. Ryan; Fifty-first, no
nomination; Fifty-second, William A.
Powell.
, The .Democrats .of Alameda held
their county convention : » here to-day
and nominated men for dost of the of
•ftces to be filled at the. coming election.
-There wai^a good representative body
prmeii present and the convention was
'characterized by its freedom from con
tests. The meeting was • held in Ger
mania Hull -mid was called to order by
AiT". SfcDdnougrh, chairman of the
County Central* Committee. -After a
short address he called for nominations
for temporary chairman of the conven
tion and M. J. Laymance was unani
mously elected.* I. J.' Muma was elect-.
'cd secretary. ..,¦*'.•'¦'"'¦¦¦' '-"-. ; ,'"....• • ;
The following 1 nominations were
made:
First Supervisorial District, George
Beck of Livermore; Fourth Supervisor
ial District, no nomination; ; Fifth Su
pervisorial District, Daniel Cronin of
Oakland. '¦ r ; >' " :
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
~. h. - - - ioM Broadway/ Sept. 3.
Drimburton on
(he Rocks at
Fatal Accident Occurs to
A. 31. Lewis at the Mor
ton Street Station Crossing
Miner's Return Brings Hap
piness to and. Ends
,• Hard Battle With Poverty
Professor Smith, Pathologist
of Berkeley Agricultural
Department, Investigating
Continuous Cigarette Smok
ing Results Fatally for
Prominent Berkeley Youth
From Contests
vMarks Delibera
,; tions ; i{ega,rding Offices
Every Civic Organization
of His City Is Engaged
in Effort to Honor Him
DEAD SEVERAL DAYS
PLANS FOR THE EVENT
PLANTS TO BE BURNED
FAILS TO SEE ENGINE
is' . AT: last;;sucgess^
THERE ARE NO BATTLES
For, Fiye .Years P(j;ter JLasr
sen Seeks ; Fortunes in; ; th"e
Gold Fields of tliecNorth
Citizens of Oakland Pre
pare Demonstration for
an Old Time Neighbor
A<rcd Man Meets an Awful
Death Under the Wheels of
a Locomotive in Alameda
Xapa County Bean Growers
Appeal to University Scien
tists to Come to Their Aid
Body of Arthur Skipper Is
Discovered by an Aunt in
Room of His Parents' Home
Alamedaii^ .Quietly Hold
J Theirs County
¦Convention in Oakland
BRITISH
SHIP IS
ASHORE
HEAD SEVERED
FROM HIS BODY
WRESTS WEALTH
FROM KLONDIKE
NICOTINE KILLS
CAPTAIN'S SON
DEMOCRATS
NAME LEADERS
NEW DISEASE
ATTACKS VINES
WILL RECEIVE
VICTOR METCALF
NEWS OF THE COUNT Y OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER '4, 1901.
Cranston's Will Is'Filcti.
OAKLAND. Sept 3. — The will of
the late John Cranston was filed for
j-.robale to-day and shows deceased
left an estate valued at $10,290. -Of
this amount more than $6000 Is in
t;:f h and the remainder in stock and
bends. He bequeathed one-fifth of
his «>state to his father and mother
end a fifth each to three brothers and
one sister.
Visitors See BIc Trees.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 3.— The P Pitts
burg Knights Templar elegant special
train, a double-header .with (i fifteen
coaches, came Into 1 Santa' Cruz "with
three hundred aboard at 3:30 o'clock
this morning. »< '. '-.': ¦•; ¦ .~
' The visitors, after enjoying 'the
beach and cliff, were given an excur
sion to' San" Lorenzo," stopping at 'the
big tree grove an'd later left for San
Jcse. ' ;T-w '
Boston (Mass.) painters and decora
tors' union, is the largest paintersMo
cal In the world, with nearly 2000
memtoera."-'- ¦¦< w~-^ r : .. : , ...;. . .,
Will Install Minister.
ALAMEDA. SepL 3.— Rev. Christo
pher Rcuss will be formally installed
a« minister of the First Unitarian
Church to-morrow afternoon, the cer
emonies to begin at 4 o'clock. Rev.
Bradford Lesvitt of the First Unitari
an Church of San Francisco, will assist
lr. the exercises.
Railroad Employs Army of Men.
The number of men employed In the
shops of the Pennsylvania Railroad at
Altoona on June 1 was ~* ut 9500; two
years ago It was 12.0C0. * "The .payrolls
now aggregate. 5260,000 monthly; In 130*
the total was $573,000. , /' ..'
38HOLD OPEN HOUSE.
Open house was the order of the
day at Golden Gate Hall yesterday
afternoon and evening and at Mechan
ics' Pavilion last night. At Golden
Gate Hall Mls^ Peel, daughter of
the eminent commander, assisted by
the ladles of Golden Gate Command
ery, received. During the week recep
tions will be- held daily with the ex
ception of Thursday, the wife of one
of the officers acting, as hostess each
rfay. At the Pavilion the friends of
the members of the ; California com
mand'Ties - were received and enter
tained by ; a practice drill. L ..
Northern California commanderies:
The . entire Grove-street side ,is oc
cupied by the Northern California
commanderies. Including .Nevada,
Grass Valley, Colusa and Eureka. This
is a" special battalion organized for
the conclave. The decorations in
general take on the effect .of an old
castle wall supported on all sides by
a series of colonnades. Clinging' Ivy
runs along Its ,260 feet < of : front 'and
electric lights are freely interspersed.
The headquarters of the' various
commanderies in the Pavilion are
about ready for occupancy and the
artisans have transformed the barn
like building into a place of beauty,
rich with the odor of fruit and freshly
cut redwood branches. The com
manderies are quartered as follows:
Main floor, Santa Ana Commandery
Xo, 6. . At the entrance to the Santa
Ana booth are four Ionic columns
carrying the Templar colors. In the
interior orange predominates. Orange
colored burlap Is used for walls and
ceiling and on the inside hang the
Maltese cross and the Passion cross,
"made of oranges.! In the center in
terior, showing from all sides, stands
an arch fifteen feet high composed of
corn, oil and wine, with the keystone
in the center, all made of oranges.
Stockton Commandery No. . 8 is lo
cated on - the .Hayes-street side.. The
decorations are in the Moorish mosaic
fashion. After passing through the
vari-colored arches the most striking
feature inside Is an artistic reproduc
tion of the mill city in which sixty
three products of the ' San Joaquin
Valley are used. Watermelons will
also form an attractive -and welcome
portion of the exhibit. v , ¦
Elaborate Decorations at Headquart
ers of Visiting and IiOcal Knights.
LOCATION OF COMMANDERIES.
Recital of the Apostles' Creed; benediction by
thr pastor; organ postlude, "Priests' March,"
"Athalie" <Mendelseohn).
Recital of the psalm. "RaU* a Voice oB
Joy Into -,he Lord, Alh Ye LenJs"; choir?
"Gloria Patri" <Mo*enthal).
The lesson: Choir, "Te Deum Laudamus"
rBuck): prayer by the pastor; choir. "The
L/rnTs Prayer."
Recital of the Litany.
Hymn, "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name"; offertory, "I Will Bxtol Thee, O
Lord" (Costa).
Sermon, Rev. Daniel C. Roberts, D.D.. V.
E. nrand prelate of the Grand Encampment.
Knight Templar. U. S. A.; choir, "King All
Glorious" (Barnby).
Choir — Mrs. L. Snider-Johnson, Miss Camille
Frank, soprani; Mrs. Mtfian E. B. Robinson,
Miss Mabel F. Gordon, contraltl; Herbert "Wil
liams, Sir Charles L. Goettlng, tenori; Sir L.
A. Lanren, J. C. Hughes, bassi.
Order of service: Organ prelude. "Pilgrim
Chorus" iV.'agner); recital of the "Doxology":
invocation by the pastor; choir. "Sing Unto
the I>ord" (Stewart).
The Rev. George C. Adams, whose
sermon appears on another page of
to-day's Call, will officiate for the
church, while Very Eminent Sir Daniel
C. Roberts, D. D., grand prelate of the
Grand Encampment, and Sir William
H. Jordan, prelate of Golden Gate
Commandery, will officiate for the
Knights Templar.
The programme of the services is as
follows:
Officiating: Representing the Grand Encimp
ment — V. B. Sir Daniel C. Roberts. D.D.,
grand . prelate of the Grand Encampment
Knights Templar, U. S. A,
Representing Golden Gate Commandery — 2>tr
William H. Jordan, prelate.
Representing the church — Rev, George C.
Adams. D.D., pastor.
Sir Samuel D. Mayor, G. O., organist and
choirmaster.
SERVICE FOR GRAXD OFFICERS.
This morning the Grand Encamp
ment of the United States in full uni
form regalia will attend services at the
First Congregational Church, Post and
Mason streets, at 11 o'clock. The
special escort to and' from the church
will be the Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16.
I building from 8 until 12 p. m.
Chinese play at the Grand Opera-house, 8:11
to 10:15 p. m.
Reception by ladles* committees at Palaco
Hotel.
Reception by California Commandery No. 1
and other commanderies of California jurisdic
tion having headquarters at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. Special programme. Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street.
Reception and ball by Goldan Gate Com
mandery No. 16 to its members and ladles at
Golden Gat* Hall.
Friday. September 9. is a legal holiday la
California, and is known as "Admission Day."
Tha celebration la conducted by th« Natlv*
Sons of the Golden West, their special celebra
tion talcing place In Oakland.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.
Morninir. 1 ;>
Launching of ths United Stats* protect*!
cruiser Milwaukee at Union Iron Works at
11:50 a. m.
Reception and entertainment at h«ai<x3»r
ters of various commandetiea of Calllort !«. Ju
risdiction.
Afternoon.
Reception and entertainment by ladles' com
mittees at Palace Hotel.
Evening.
Recaption to ladles of California Commas
dery No. 1 at Mechanics' Pa-rtllon.
General reunion of members of Golden O*ia
Commandery No. IS at Golden Gate EaU.
16 at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, corner
of California and Mason streets, from 8 until
11 o'clock.
Reception, entertainment and Jinks at Press
Club. 123 Ellis street, tendered by the club
to all visiting journalists.
. Open-air concert In Union, square, Geary,
Stockton, Post and Powell streets, from S
until 11 o'clock. ; • -
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.
Morning.
- Session of the Grand Encampment at Gold
en Gate Hall.
Oakland day — Free excursions to Oakland to
attend the celebration of the Native Sons of
the Golden West.
' Afternoon.
Reception and entertainment by ladles' com
mittees at Palace Hotel. ¦*^Vy ;.*'^-;
Special patriotic programme arranged by la
dles of all commanderies located at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11,
at Native Sons' HaU v 414 Mason street, and at
Oakland — Oakland day.
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No.
16 to visiting fraters and ladles, at Golden
Gate Hall.
Excursions to the fortifloatlons ea the north
side of <he bay. Boats' Trill leave, the ferry
building. Point Bonlta for fortiflcatlons, at
about 1:30 p. m. Obtain full Information at
the California Promotion Committee, 25 New
Montgomery street, opposite the Palace Hotel.
Evening.
Promenade concert in the nav« of the ferry
On the early train the first to arrive
'. n the day were Holy Sepulchre No. 8
of Wellesley, with Hamilton No. 1 of
Hamilton. Pa.; Hugh de Payence No.
20, with Sutton No. 16 of Boston, Mass.
From . the dei>ot the various escorts,
headed by bands, escorted them to their
hotels, while the reception committee
looked after their baggage.
From the 8 o'clock train De Molay No.
12 of Kentucky proceeSW to the Grand
under mounted escort, while Hansel
ruan No. 16 of Cincinnati, Ohio, pro
tetdfed to the Cumberland.
In the meantime various commander
ies from California towns— Red Bluff.
Orovllle. Chlco and Treka— were all
safely conducted to their abodes.
Seattle and Pawtucket, R. I., al6o
¦were taken care of. Lincoln Park No.
€4 arrived on the 8:65 o'clock train,
while on the 11:20 came the Grand Com
mandery of Arkansas and St. Omar No.
21 of Boston, Mass.
In the afternoon the escorts took care
of Allegheny. No. 35 o Bellevue, Pa.;
De Witt Clinton No. 1 of Virginia City,
Golden Gate Club of Pennsylvania and
PlttEburg No. 1 of Pittaburg, Pa.
The District of Columbia and Mary
land commanderies arrived and made
iheir headquarters at the Palace. Past
Grand Commander Charles Clark is at
the head of the Maryland contingent
in place of Grand Commander E.^O.
Regester, who was unable to accom
pany the party. In the District of Co
lumbia contingent will arrive Grand
Junior Warden of the Grand Encamp
ment Frank H. Thomas, who will prob
ably be the third highest Templar of
lieer at the conclave.
The following . commanderies are
r-cheduled to arrive to-day: Grand Com
r.andery of New York. Princeton, with
,\po!I?j No. 15 of New York, 7 p. m..
Third street, Berkshire; Apollo No. 1,
Chicago, III.. S p. m.. Third street, Es
sex; Mcmtjoie No. 52, Chicago, 111., 10:45
p. m.. Third utreet, Sophronia; Portland I
No. 2, Portland, Me.. 8 p. m.. Third !
street. Rues; Trinity No. 1, Manchester,
IC. H., 8 p. rr... Third street, Phillips;
Cairo No. 13. Cairo. 111.. 10:20 a. m., I
ferry. Atlanta: Calvary No. 12. with St.
John No. 1. Providence. R. I., 8:50 a. m.,
ferry. Edgmere; Springfield No. 6,
Worcester No. 5, Worcester, Mass.. 7
r_ m.. ferry. Commercial; Kokomo No.
r,6. Frankfort No. 23. Frankfort, Ind.,
1006 Haight street: Malta No. 21, Bing
?jan:ton, N. Y., 10:30 a. m., ferry, An
zrelus; Marietta No. DO. Marietta, Ohio,
r,:20 p. m.. ferry. Stevenson: Peninsular *
No. S, Kalamazoo. Mich., 5:20 p. m., fer
iv, Reglna; Pueblo Club No. 1, Pueblo,
t'olo., 12:f>0 p. m.. ferry. Grand and Ste
venson; Tancred No. 48, Pittsburg, Pa,,
R a. m.. ferry. Lick, Colonial ;uid Gra
nada: Temple No. 4. Des Moln^s. Iowa,
f.:CO p. m., 930 Van Ness avenue; Trin
ity No. S2, Hudson, Mass., 0 a. m., fer
ry. Oalts. with Grand Commandery of
T»Ja,-sachusetts and Rhode Island:
Washington No. 1, Hartford, Conn.. 7
k. m.. ferry, Pleasanton; De Molay. No. ;
All day long the reception escorts of
ihe Knights met. accompanied and took
care of the various commanderies that
arrived yesterday. Every incoming
train, brought visitors, and they
s treamed through the ferry building in
confused detachments.
Incoming Visitors Receive Careful At
tention Prom Ferry to Hotel.
ESCORT FOR COMMANDERIES.
at parlors of Windsor Hotel, Fifth and Market
streets, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
Reception by Fresno Commandery No. 29,
Pythian Castle. 909 Market street.
Banquet to the Grand Encampment of the
United States and representatives from Great
Britain and the British dependencies at the
St. Francis Hotel, corner Geary and Powell
streets.
Promenade concert In the nave of the ferry
buildlns from 8 until 12 p. m.
Chinese play at the Grand Opera-houie, 8:15
to 10:15 3. m. :>• '.
Ladles' reception at the Palace Hotel; special
ladles' night.
California Commandery night; reception, ex
hibition drill and grand ball In Mechanics'
Pavilion. 9 p. m. . .
Reception by Grand Commandery of Ohio,
which will tender a reception to the Most
Eminent Grand Master of the United States
and representatives of Great Britain and the
British dependencies and to. the members • of
th» Grand Encampment of the United • States
at the Maple room of the Palace Hotel from
7 until 11 P. rn.
Reception by Orovllle Commandery No. 6
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Reception by Nevada Commandery No. 6 at
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Reception by Marysvllle Commandery Na. 7
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
. Reception and ball by Stockton Commandery
No 8 at Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy street.
Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street-
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No.
10 at Golden Gate Hall. >
• Reception by Naval Commandery No. 19 at
Lyric Hall. 119 Eddy street.
Reception by Fresno Commandery No, 29 at
Pythian Castle. 900 Market street.
Open ¦ air concert in Union Square, Geary,
Stockton Post and Powell streets, from 8
*uitil ll" P. m. _ « .
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8.
Mornlns.
Session of the Grand Encampment, Golden
Gate Hall.
Bay excursions: steamer ' Tamalpals leaves
foot of Market street 9:45 a. m. '
Excursions to Cliff House. Park, Sutro
Heights and Ocean Beach all day.
. , Afternoon.
Session of the Grand Encampment, Golden
Gata Hall. v '
Bay excursion; steamer Tamalpals leave*
foot of Market street. 1 o'clock.
Reception and entertainment by. ladles' com
mittee at Palace Hotel.
. Ladles' reception, under the auspices ot
California . Commandery No. 1, at Mechanics'
Pavilion. 2 to 5 o'clock.
Reception by Oakland ' Commandery No. 11
at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street.
. Receptfon by Golden Gate Commandery No.
16 at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, corner
California and Mason streets, 2 until 6 o'clock.
•-Excursion to University of California. Berke
ley, - and reception by the officers of the uul
versity to the visiting Sir Knights and ladles.
Atr4 . o'clock concert In the Greek Theater,
seating 8000 persons; the California. Glee Club
and university orchestra will participate.
Round trip. t via Key route, free of charge.
Evening. -
Chinese play at the Grand Opera-house, 8:16
to 10:15 o'clock.
Promenade concert In ihe nave of the Ferry
building from S until 12 o'clock.
Reception . by ladies' committee at Palace
Hotel. . ¦-. ¦ . .
Reception by California Commandery No.' 1
at Mechanics' Pavilion. .-. - . . ,
Reception by. ladles of Oakland Commandery
No. 11 In 'the nave of the Ferry building from
8 until >12. . • . .'• ,
-Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No, '
Events as- They Scheduled to
Occur During the Conclave.
The completed programme for th«
Knights Templar Conclave for the
week beginning to-morrow is as fol
lows:
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Day.
Receiving the officers of the Great Priory
of England and Wales and the dependencies
of the British crown.
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No.
10 at Golden Gat* Hall.
Ladies' reception ¦ at headquarters of Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1 from 2 to 5 p. m ,
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Monday, September 6. U a legal holiday In
California and is known as Labor day. The
Labor day celebration consists of a parade
In the morning; reunion of labor organizations
with literary exercises, afternoon and even-
Ing, at Shellmound Park, Emeryville near
Berkeley. There will also be a celebration of
San Francisco Labor Council at the Chutes, I
near Golden Gate Park, day and evening; fire
works during the evening.
Evening.
Performance by Chinese actors at the Grand
Opera-house, 8:15 to 10:15.
Reception at the Palace Hotel, under the
auspices of the ladles' committee.
The Grand Commandery of Pennsylvania and
the Sir Knights of Pennsylvania will tender
a reception to all Knights Templar and their
ladies In the Marble and Maple rooms of the
Palace Hotel, S until 10 o'clock.
Exhibition drill and band concert, Malta
Commandery Drill Corps. Binghamton N* Y
in front of the Palace Hotel, Market and 'New
Montgomery streets.
General reception by California Comman
dery No. 1 and other commanderies In the
Mechanics' Pavilion to Eastern visitors
Reception by Oakland Commandery No 11
at Native Sons" Hall, 414 Mason street
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No
16 at Golden Gate Hall.
Open-air concert In Union square Geary
Post, StocUton and Powell streets, from 8
to 11 o'clock. '
Tuesday, September e.
Morninff.
Grand T«mplar parade, starting from the
corner of Geary. Market and Kearny etreeU
at 10 o'clock. .
Afternoon.
Opening of the triennial session of the Grand
Encampment at. Golden Gate Hall, 628 Sutter
e treat.
Reception by Oakland Commandery No 11
at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street.
. : Evening:.
Reception to grand master at Palace Hotel.
Promenade concert in the nave of the- Ferry
building, foot of Market street, 8 until 12.
Chinese play at the Grand Opera-house 8-15
to 10: IS o'clock.
Reception by Sacramento. Commandery No
2 at Pioneer Hall, Fourth street, near Market.
Reception by San Jose Commandery No 10 at
Mechanics' Pavilion. . - s
Reception by. Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No.
lit at Golden Gate Hall.
Reception by Pittsburg Commandery No. 1
of Pittsburg, Pa... to Sir Knights and ladies of
San Francisco and visiting fraters and their
ladles 'at the commandery. headquarters,' Pal
ace Hotel, from 8 until 12 o'clock p. m.
Exhibition drill and band concert by Malta
Commandery Drill Corps, Blnghamton, N. Y..
in front of the Palace Hotel, Market and New
Montgomery streets.
Open air concert in Union Square, Gear}'
Post. Stockton and Powell streets, from 8
until 11 p. m. »
WEDIJESD AY, SEPTEMBER 7.
.Vr'vV ' • ¦''• ¦ ¦ \Morninjf.
'¦ Session of Grand Encampment, Golden Gate
Hall.
1 Competitive drill and presentation of prizes,
baseball grounds. Golden Gate Park, 10 o'clock
a. 'in. No tickets are requlreflto witness the
drill or. distribution of prizes.
Bay excursions; ' steamers Oakland and
Tamalpals leave foot of Market street 0:45
a. m. ¦."•••¦ > ' ¦• : ¦¦:•'• ¦
Excursions to Cliff House, Sutro Heights,
Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach all day.
Entertainment by Red Bluff Commandery
Nf . 18 at United States Hotel k 123 Eddy street.
10 a. m. to 12. m.'
Afternoon.
Session of Grand Encampment. Golden Gate
Hall. • . *
Reception and entertainment by ladies' com
mittee.. Palace Hotel.* •¦ t.
Bay excursions: steamers Oakland, Tamal
ral.s and'San Pablo leave foot of Market
street IT p. m. ' ¦ ' ', ;.
Ladles': reception, under auspices of , Cali
fornia • Commandery No. 1, . tn Mechanics' Pa
vilion, from 2 to 5 p. m. HfCHWf HflBprij
- Reception ¦ by Oakland " Commandery ' No. 11
at Native Sons'. Hall, 414 Mason street. '
• Reception 4 by • Golden Gate Commandery No.
16 at Golden Gate Hall.
Entertainment ' by \ Red Bluff Commandery
No. 18 at United States Hotel, 123 Eddy street,
2 to-S^p. 'm.:- '-' ¦ . ¦'/•- '" '"-I'" •-
Reraotion by Woodland Commander* No. .21
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK.
Seventy-two beautiful colonnades,
forming a magnificent court, have
been placed in sections 2 and 3 of
the gallery. Each colonnade lsjnount
ed with a large eagle, about thirty-six
inches high, and a fine silken flag. Be
tween sections arbors com
posed of colonnades and made so as to
represent the California missions make
a beautiful effect. The arbors contain
a number of red lanterns from which
electric bulbs cast a soft light. The re
ception room at one end of the building
is fitted in Chinese fashion, the fittings
consisting of the choicest furnishings
obtainable in Chinatown. A miniature
forest has been planted at the west end
of the upper gallery for Santa Rosa
Commandery. The seven comman
deries which will jointly occupy one
section of the Pavilion have taverns
built of rough timber, typical of the
early days of California.
held just beyond his reach. At the op
posite side of the gallery is the original
copy of Earl Cummings' "At Play."
In the annex California Commandery
has its headquarters and dispenses re
freshments in the Chinese tea garden,
fitted up in keeping with the original
article, as though transplanted from
the Celestial empire. The art gallery
will probably be the finest piece of dec
orative work ever done beneath that
roof. The ceilings and alcoves have all
been tinted in cream and green. The
walls and floors of two sections are
covered with green burlap and two
other sections are covered with burlap
in the natural color. More than 2000
yards of burlap are required in this
work.
Continued From Page 3". Column 7.
Full Tcjujnlair iioort 10 J'orm Special
Guard of Honor.
The delegation representing the
Grand Priory of England and Wales
will be received on arrival at the depot
to-morrow morning by a full Templar
escort, consisting of four troops mount
ed and two companies of foot and a
band of twcnty-t>vo pieces and mount
ed buglers. - Troops A' and B ot tne
mounted escort will occupy the right ot
the line and following them will be the
band and the two toot escorts, then
th° distinguished visitors in carnages,
and the two companies from California
Commandery bringing up in the rear
as the c^uard of honor. There will be
more ceremony in receiving and escort
ing this delegation than any other of
them that will arrive here to attend
tiie conclave.
Ai soon as the Earl of Euston
emerges from ihe depot on the TTiy \>>
his carriage there will be a fanfare
from the bugles and the band will
strike up and continue playing until all
the visitors have taken their seats in
the carriages. The escorts, both mount
td and foot, will present arms while
the Earl steps into his carriage, and re
main at a present until the last carriage
has passed the line of escorts, then
String out and take position in line and
continue to the Palace Hotel. Arriving
at the Palace the escort will form in a
double line at the_main entrance on
New Montgomery street. The foot es
cort will form a line reaching across
the street from the entrance, the band
will be stationed at the corner of New
Montgomery and Market streets. The
Karl and his party will pass through a
hollow square of presented swords to
the music of the band, making a very
imposing picture. The troops have been
drilled in the movements for escort
duty and are as perfect as military
training can make them. Colonel Wil
liam Edwards is in command of the es
cort and Major Cornelius Toohey is
second in command. Captain Alexan
der Woodside commands Troop A, com
posed of members of Golden Gate Com
mandery; Captain M. E. Gaines com
mands Troop B, composed of members
of Oakland Commandery; Captain
Samuel Clark commands Troop C, com
posed of Sir Knights of California
Commandery: Captain Ralph Hattiorne
commands Troop D, which is also 1 com
posed of members of California Com
mandery. Captain Thomas Trebell is
in command of Golden Gate troop es
cort and Captain U. G. Richards com
mands Oakland Commandery foot es
cort.
McKinley Memorial
WILL GKilET ENGLISH MASTER.
This afternoon Pittsburg Command
ery No. 1 and party arrived at 1:45
o'clock over the narrow gauge from
Sunta Cruz. There were 265 in the
party. They were also met by a recep
tion committee. Lunch was enjoyed
at the Vendome and then the visitors
were taken for " trips about the city
in carriages and street cars. The
Knights enjoyed themselves all the
afternoon and at 4 o'clock left for
San Francisco in their special train
of six cars. A reception committee
from San Francisco met the Pittsburg
Knights here.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3. — Pittsburg and
Michigan commanderies were visitors
at San Jose to-day. This morning a
special car containing the officers of
the Grand Commandery of Michigan
arrived. After breakfast at the Hotel
Vendome they were met by a-recep
tion committee from the local knights
and shown about the. city. The visit
ors were taken for a trip over the
Interurban Electric Railway to Sara
toga, Congress Springs and Los Gatos.
There were a number of ladies in the
party. They departed at 2:40 o'clock
for San Francisco.
Plttsburg; and Michigtin Commanderies
Slop There En Route to City.
SAN JOSE ENTERTAINS KNIGHTS.
San Luis Obispo — The booth of San
Luis Obispo Commandery was the
first to be ready. It is on the Hayes
street side of the Pavilion and is In
charge of A. M. Hardie. One of the
features there is a monster pumpkin
grown by Mr. Hardie, on which the
emblems of \the order are etched.
There is also a good display of the
county's fruit and vegetable products.
Gallery — The rear end of the gal
lery is decorated- to represent a red
wood forest and will "be occupied by
commanderies from Ukiah, Santa
Rosa and Petaluma.
San Jose— The San Jose Com
mandery occupies a large space in the
art gallery on the south side of the
Pavilion, which has been fixed up to
represent a tropical garden. Two car
loads of potted plants were used for
decorative purposes.
El Dorado N« 4— The commandery
from Placerville has splendidly deco
rated quarters on the gallery floor.
The scheme of decoration consists of
a great canopy of bunting forming a
Knights Templar corona and ' sur
rounded with silk flags.
forming the words, "Northern Cali
fornia Battalion."
The space is so subdivided aa to give
each commandery a separate showing.
San Diego Commandery — San Diegu
Commandery has headquarters on the
Hayes-street side of the Pavilion, with
H. P. Wood, the genial secretary of
San Diego's Chamber of Commerce, in
charge. Exteriorally the headquarters
are a representation of the earliest
mission built in California by Father
Junipero Serra. Internally the chief
feature is a large and beautifully exe
cuted picture of the .bay of San Diego
as seen from the summit of Point
Loma.
New Haven Commandery, from
New Haven, Conn., arrived Friday
morning. With the New Haven Sir
Knights are members of their order
from other leading Connecticut cities,
Meriden, Waterbury, Hartford and
Bridgeport. In the party are promi
nent citizens of the good old "Nutmeg
State." Past Grand Commander Fred
H. Waldron. Sir Charles E. Rounds.
Sir Eugene A. Hall, who acts as proxy
for the ~grand commander; Julius
Twiss, a prominent attorney; Gener
alissimo Walter S. Garde, Commander
Frank Bishop, Past Commander Re
vilo C. Markham and Sir Henry H.
Gladding are leading members. The
Cull list of the Connecticut party is as
Charles E. Rounds, Mrs. Charles E.
Rounds, Fred H. Waldron, Fred H.
Waldron Jr., Samuel J. Bryant, Eu
gene A. Hall, Mrs. Eugene A. Hall,
Frank Bishop, Mrs. Frank Bishop,
Walter S. Garde, Mrs. Walter S.
Garde, Mrs. William H. Garde, Wil
liam R. Garde, William H. Brown,
Frederick L. Seymour, Miss Elvena D.
Seymour, Revilo C. Markham, *Frank
C. Smith, Arthur D. Perkins, George
C. Phelps, Wilmot V. Bradley, Mrs.
Wilmot V. and Miss Dorothy Bradley,
Edward Barnes, Mrs. Edward H.
Barnes, Harold H. Barnes, Herbert
Barnes, Ira P. Bennett, Mrs. Ira P.
Bennett, Isaac W. Bishop, Mrs. Isaac
XV, Bishop, Richard G. Davis, Mrs.
Richard G. Davis, Miss Jessie I* Da
vis, Miss Elizabeth Paul, Wil
liam A. Durant, Frederick H. Ailing,
Henry H. Gladding, Mrs. Henry H.
Gladding, Francis B. Gates, Mrs.
Francis B. Gates, William L. Ward,
Airs. William L. Ward, N. R. Hotch
kiss, Mrs. N. R. Hotchkiss, Mrs. Mattie
H. Stewart, Master S. Stewart, William
Kaehrle, Mrs. William Kaehrle, Mis3
Otilia S. Kaehrle, Willis L. Lines, Mrs.
Willis L. Lines, John S. Lane, Mrs.
John S. Lane, Edward B. Munson,
Mrs. Edward B. Munson, Miss Maude
Munson, William E. Norris, Mrs. Wil
liam E. Norris, Frank D. Smith, Mrs.
Frank T>: Smith, Miss Edna W. Smith,
Mrs. XV. C. Hough, Miss Irene P.
Hough, Elmer E. Spencer, Mrs. Elmer
E. Spencer, James P. Wood, Mrs>
James P. Wood, John E. Sewell, Mrs.
John E. Sewell, Julius Twlss, John
Clulee, Henry B. Levi, George Goerlng,
Frederick J. Goering, Henry R. Grue
ner, Charles C. Stevens, Herbert M.
Kelsey, Henry A. Minor, James W.
Sweet, Grover C. Sweet, Christian Fox,
Mrs. Horace Perry, Harry L. Perry.
Mrs. Andrew F, Wylle, Sidney L.
Chappell, F. t L. Soper, Robert G. KIs
eick, Mrs. R. G. Kissick, J. J. Mehaffey,
Mrs. J. J. Mehaffey, H. D. Blsbee.
Knights ajul Ladles From the Nutmeg
State at the Netherlands'.
NEW HAVEN'S BIG DELEGATION.
De Witt Clinton Commandery No. 1
from Virginia City, Nevada, will wel
come visitors ar headquarters, Cali
fornia Hotel, from September 5 to
September 8, both days inclusive.
Wednesday, September 7, has been
designated as ladies' day of that com
mandery. , • /
Los Angeles Commandery No. 9 has
shipped ten thousand boxes of oranges,
which will be distributed at the Pal
ace Hotel on the evening of Septem
ber 6. The commandery from the
southern city has shown a spirit of
true California hospitality and is plan
ning to join with the local commit
tees in making the conclave memora
ble. The reception on Tuesday even
ing will be one of the distinct . fea
tures of the conclave and an invita
tion has been extended to all the vis
itors to attend. The great Maple and
Marble rooms of the "Palace Hotel
have been reserved for the, Los An
geles Commandery, and, under the
hands of skilled decorators, will be
transformed into replicas of orange
groves and palm gardens, for which
the southern" part of the State is fam
ous. . -
Sacramento Commandery No. 2,
guided by its eminent commander, Ed
ward A. Weil, will arrive jn San Fray
cisco to-day, with fully 150 ' Sir
Knights and their ladies on a special
train; accompanied by its or.n band
of twenty-five pieces. Upon arrival
the commandery will ' be received
by the escort committee and es
corted from the depot to the Sac
ramento headquarters at Pioneer Hall.
The commandery, realizing the magni
tude of the entertainment and the lav
ish hospitality with which numerous
ccminunderiea will entertain, is de
termined to be second to none during
the conclave. It will be "open house"
fit Pioneer Hall in the broadest mean
ing oi the term, every afternoon and
evening, from Sunday, September 4,
to Saturday, September 10.
Malta Commandery Drill Corps qf
Binghaniton, N. Y., will give San
Francisco a novel treat: The drill
corps, one of the best and most^ pro
ficient in the land, will give -ex
hibition drills on the evenings of Sep
tember 5 and 6, to be, followed by a
bund concert in front of the Palace
Hotel.
«.';'.k!and Commandery No. 11,
Knights Templar, will entertain visit
i.is Kiiigrhts Templar and their ladies
nt its headquarters. Native Sous' Hal!,
4H Mason street, during the conclave
week. The proijrimme is as lollows:
s C'outf rt each afternoon and evening
hi Fifth Regiment band orchestra.
Tuesday ulgrht, beutember 6—Con
cert by the Glee c"iub ajid Mandolin
dab of the University ot California.
forty members. "Estudlantina" (.La
come>.Tltlee and mandolin club; so
jirano t>olo. selected, Mrs. B. Apple;
:>e lc-ctians from "Iiobin Hood'' (Dt;
Koveii), Mandolin Club. Mrs A. V.*.
iiluck. director; "Reveries" (Storch).
Glee Club. Dr. 11. J. Stewart; director;
banjo solo, selected, Mrs. A. \V. Black;
¦•Aloha oe," Clyde Linscott and the
«ilee and Mandolin clubs; "Hanover
Winter Sohk" (Bullard). Glee Club;
\iolin solo; selected, W. R. Davis; so
j rano i>olo. selected, Mrs. B. Apple;
"'Gondolier" (Powell). Mandolin Club;
college medley. Glee Club.
Dancing will follow lrom 10 until
2 2 o'clock.
Wednesday night, September 7 — Vo
cal concert by celebrated quartet: Mrs.
Grace Northrup, soprano; Mrs. Car
roll Nicholson, contralto; A. A. Ma
curda, tenor; \V. E. Nicholson, bass,
v. iih Mrs. Aithur \V. Moore, ae
lompanist. yuartet, "Estudiantina"
t^acome). isolo. •Because" (Dliur
delot), Mr. M:icurda. Quartet .The
Miller's Wooing" (Fanning). Solo, (a)
•At Parting:" Ulodgers): (b) "Shoug
gic Shou" iHenschelh Mrs. Nicholson.
*JUartet, "Gavotte" iStefani). t?olo,
¦Bolero" «Dessener), Mrs. Northrup.
Duet. "The Gypsies" (Brahms), Mrs.
Ncrthrnp and Mrs. Nicholson. Solo,
•Autumn Thoughts" (Massenet), Mrs.
Mtchoisonu Duet. "Niyht in Venice."
Mrs. Northrup and Mr. Macurda. cjuar
tet, "The Skylark" (Barnby). Fol-
Ji-wed by dancing from 10 o'clock un
til 12.
Thursday night. September S—Or
cbestra. "Medley of Popular Songs,"
arranged by Sir It. \V. Smith. Knicker
bocker Male Quartet— Herbert Wil
liams, first tenor; Sir R. W. Smith, sec
ond tenor; D. B. Crane, first bass; Sir
L. A. Larson, second bass. Piano solo,
"Rhapsody VIII" (Liszt). Miss Hazel
Knowles. Tenor solo. R. W. Smith.
"The Little Brass Band" (Griggs),
Knickerbocker Male Quartet. Interpre
tation of songs of the South Pacific by
an island girl. Miss Eleanor McLen
nan — introduction, Hawaiian song,
"Like No a Like" ; <a) ancient Tongau
sung, "Like Like": (b) modern Tongau
Bong. "Ma Ula Ula"; (c) Tongau
li>mns; Samoan farewell song. "Lofa
Mai Feleni"; Hawaiian song, "My Hon
olulu Girl": linale, Hawaiian songs,
"Syncopated Hulu" (new) and "Aloha
Oe." Vocal selection. "Haymaking"
<N'eedham); '"Hush Money" (J. Whit
cotnb Riley). Knickerbocker Male Quar
1ft. Tenor solo. Sir Knight R. W.
Smith. Dancing from 10 until 12 o'clock.
Friday night. September 9. Grand
Commandery ball. The musical pro
gramme will include: "What the
Chimney Sang" (Bret Harte), the
Knickerbocker male quartet: bass
solo. Sir Knight L. A. Larsen: "She Is
Mine" (Dudley Buck), the Knicker
bocker male quartet; vocal solo,
"Chanson Provencal" (Del Ac
<iuj). Charles Poulter; "Fading Day
Waltz" (Parks), the Knickerbocker
male quartet: tenor solo, Mrs. Herbert
Williams; "Annie Laurie" (Dudley 1
Buck), the Knickerbocker quartet.
The evening entertainment will
commence at 8:15. All Knights Tem
j»Iar in uniform or vouched for and
their ladies will be received without
cards of admission and members of
the Masonic fraternity and ladies will
also be welcomed when accompanied
by a member of Oakland Command
ery.
7. Boston, JIass., 7 a. m., Ferry, St.
Nicholas.
Oakland Contingent Makes Arrangements
for an Elaborate Programme During
the Coming Week.
Over One Hundred Members of Sacramento
Lodges Will Come to This City
to Attend Conclave.
COMMANDERIES OF THE STATE PREPARE
TO ENTERTAIN THE VISITING KNIGHTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", . SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
39
1 1 MY WIFE' ANt) CHILD I
» V _. ¦_ \ - M| , i . | ,---,,^--^^,^^- _-., „ i i ¦¦¦mi ¦¦¦ j^
Q R- Atkinson Fox painted the beautiful p'.cture the SUNDAY CALL will give to
& all its readers FREE next, Sunday, September 11, 1904.
•g The subject* is a mother and her babe. From the beautiful composition the
m following reduced section b given in cold black and white.
| MY WIFE AND CHILD.
S ' The sweetest sight on earth,
S Like which there is no other,
* • . (In heaven her soul had birth)
W Is a true-hearted mother.
,Q . x His love- for her no man •
» In anywise can smother,
gi For who e'er was or can
d Be dearer than one's mother?
8 Vav What peace the sound affords — &&
g "^ What joy, brought by no other! *-*>
K What bliss, too deep for words —
S The magic name of mother I
g We speak of angels, true,
£> '.< But, O, my weary brother,
n Could an angel be to you
S As perfect as your mother? •
X ' — W. L, C. \
B Your copy will be in all the colors of the original painting. It will be 10x14 inches, a
« , size suitable for framing and hanging on any wall of any room in your house. It is a home
g subject, delicate, bright in color and full of home feeling.
§ YOU WILL WANT THIS PICTURE. PLACE YOUR ORDER EARLY. PRICE 5c
Conclave News
...The Call's Daily Reports..
Of the Great Conclave will be Complete
p— i— — — ~-^— —» —^^—^— — — — — »^ —^ — "¦ »~» — ¦— ™~ — | ii
Send your friends a copy daOy and y
they will be as well posted as if they were |
attending the Conclaveffil^B9SW|BBH| j
==PRICE 5 CENTS PER COPY= |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, . SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
40
BEAXk ESTATE — CITY — TOB SALE.
<- : . H. UiJ nSEN & <'O.. SO Mont3«j:uery hi.
FLATS.
S7,:i50-?-r.cuu<:eil from $7500; rents $i-C per
annum: Oak st.. a -hort 'Jistance frum
Market; ImimAetnents 'consist of " Hats
and 2 cottaecs; lot has two frontaK«?s.
$0.250 — Only $1500 ca»!i required; 2 r.of cor-
ner fiJts; Ninth av.; KicJi.ii^nil District.
$:.,500— licet* $522 p*r annum: Folaun st..
near Sixteenth; 2 new nats of o-i rooms
ai.d bath cadi; h!si» boaemeat, etc.; lot
-1x122. ¦ - . • ¦ •
$4.750- U»nrs $510 per annum; close !o Twe:i-
1 t» -fi.'th and Howard sts. ; 2 well-built
flats or 6-5 rojms an'l bath each. »Mh
stable on rear end of lot. which has two
Croats cf a. _, .
$4,100— Two very nice flats, close to Clay and
Taylor sts., renting for $<50 per annum,
'containing 0-7 rooms facii.
$4.jy<v-HcntE J432 rer annum; clofe to \a-
lenciu and 14lh sts.; 2 desirable bay-
window Cats of. 5-4 rooms and bath
each: rents Rre low: lot 25x7 1 :0.
52.COO— !Sp!er.did buy: rc-ntg $-JC> per annum:
Broudway, near Jones st. ; .'• tlats of
4-" rooms each; steadily rented; a bar-
Can ' INVESTMENTS. »
$io 000— Rents $1002 per annum: choice corner
• a the vicinity of North Reach; improve-
ments consist of cood building contaln-
Ijis rtore* and fiats, all in good order;
brick foundation, etc.; lot 40x57:6.
$I2,5u> — Rents $7C0 per annum; Seventh St.,
wUhin a block and a half ot Market Et.;
a trood substantial 3-stoty building, con-
taining 2 ctort*: lot 25x£5; this is a
splendid buy as it Is bound to enhance.
$5,200 — Ream $672 per annum; splendid busi-
ness corner on Twenty-third st. ; im-
provements eensist of 2 stores and flat;
a splendid buy. . ¦ ..
$1.750 — Kent* $570 per annum; Clara ftt.; 4
- choice flats of 3 rooms each, in perfect
order; bank, mortgage of $2200 at 0
per cent can remain.
$4.600— Rents $7-0 per annum; Shipley et.:
Improvements consist of 5 front and 2
rear fiats, all in perfect order; sanitary
plumbing, etc.; always rented; owner
must sell.
$1,500 — Items $540 rer annum: near Pacific
and H/<Je st». ; a good building, contain-
ing store and flat, with cottage In rear:
a harrain.
$4,000— Twenty-fourth St.: choice piece of
business property; improvements consist
of more and flat; excellent location; a
$3,500— Rents $408 per annum: Perry St.; 3
good flats of ft rooms and , bath each;
brick foundation?, etc.; a aplendid buy A
<-OTTAGES.
$3.r<*V— A new Richmond cottage, containing
7 rooms and bath, and rented at present
.' for $3t>. per month; only $1000 cash re-
quired.
$2,S00— A desirable cottage, closs to Howard j
and Twelfth t-ts. with stable in rear.
$2.C0O— Make offer: Jersey st-: a desirable:
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and j
bath: a pplendid opportunity to, secure a j
ch^ap home.
$2. CCO — Close lo Twenty-third and Dolore* [
sts.: bay-window cottage of 5 rooms anj
bath; high basement, etc.: a cozy home, i
J^.fOO— York st.: a cory bay-window cottage'
cf 5 rooms and bath, with high base-
ment; in perfect order.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of j
properties for sal e in all parts of the city, 1
incjuire at our office. j
G. H. U.MBSEN A CO.. -~ - '
20 Montgomery et..
Real Estate Acents and Auctioneers.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
ELLIS ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$40, CCO — Pd.125; a corner on Ellis st.. near
Buchanan; Improvements consist of bouses and
fiats in good condition, renting for $312 50 per
month: must be sold at one* on account of
departure «f owner.
MASON-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — 30 feet on Mason st.. nr. Green; lm-
rTciements consist of 2 new. bay-window fiats j
of 5. 6 and 7 rooms, renting for $77 50 per
month.
CHOICE MISSION HOME.
$6000 — 42 feet front: Liberty, near Guerrero;
uell built hou«e of 10 rooma and bath.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.000 — 40x137:6; Jones St.. nr. Greenwich;
4 modern Cats, renting for $67 50.
FRANKLIN-ST. FLATS.
J20.000— Franklin Bt.. near O'Farrell; three
new, sjnny flats, renting for $170 per month.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY. j
$5000— Rausch St., near Howard; Improve-
ments consist of flats, renting for $51 per
month.
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$9750 — 30x103; Broderlck st.. near Green; 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine
view; renting for $75 per month.
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT. ,
$1S5C— 25x100; south line of Frederick St..
ntar Willard: adapted for home.
PROMINENT UN1ON-ST. CORNER.
S25.WX* — Six n*w flats of 6 rooms and bath
each, renting lor $-•>•» per annum.
BUSH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$30. (TO — 10:9x137:6; north line of Bush st .
near Mason; Improvements consist of a lodging-
house renting for $IW» per menth.
LARKIN-ET. HOME.
$5000 — Larktn Bt., near Greenwich: improve-
ments consist of house of 5 rooms and bath,
I renting for *23;
MOSS-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
?r<o*v> — »Sx75: 6 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each, renting for $S1 per month.
. HAWKS 4 SKELTON.
Rents collected and Entire' Charge Taken of
Property.
$10,500 — North side Jackson, nr. Buchanan: 1
gOfKS house of S rooms and 2 baths; lot
S."xll7. to rear street.
$9,600 — North side Vallejo. nr. Polk; good:
house of 10 rooms: cost $12.0iiO to build;
may be altered to flat* profitably; very
• flne view of bay; lot 45x170.
$13.600 — Fine house: Leavenworth, near Clay;
9 rooms and bath; laundry ii. basement; ;
building in first-class condltiou ; view of ,
Golden Gate from rear. <
$6.600 — Good houre and lot: Ootavla. near
Broadway; 7 rooms and battf; fine 'iew
of bay from front or reart this Is a
barjaln.
$g oon — NE. corner Larkln and Lombard:
29:6x110: has superb view of bay; street
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast.
$5,400— Inside lots adjoining above; 27x110;
Hyde-at. cars close by.
$8.000 — NW. corner lot: Larkln and Filbert:
40x100; suaerb vvlew of Golden Gate
from rear.
$3,000— Lot. south side Green, nr. Pierce. 25x
100; good *-lew; choice neighborhood.
HAWKS A SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
W. B. MoGERRY & CO..
S3O BUSH ST., MILLS BUILDING.
$13.000 — Washington st. ; 3 very elegant flat*
of 7 rooms each; rents $125; exceptional
build; choice rei>idenc« section.
$7,500 — Two swell new flats. Western Ad-
dition; • rooms each; lot 27:6x137.
$3,000— Hyde et.; six-room boyte; lot 80x60;
cheap.
$18,600— Pine St.. inside Taylor; S grand flats,
new: rents $1950 per year.
|5,MK> — Tehama st.. near 6th; 3 flne flats;
yard concrete; rents $45; 4-5 rooma.
$8,000— Newest, cottage: 'a rooma and bath;
beautiful, cory home; large yard.
$8,200— Cottage, 6 rooma and bath; lot 27:6x
100; key lot; York st. ; this la very
cheap. - ¦ ¦ •
$9,800— Two brand new flats. 4-6 rooms and
bath; near 18th and Castro sta>; rents
$48; a bargain, a big bargain.
HOAG A LANSDALB,
10S Montgomery «t..
Telephone Main 78.
$8,000— New. artistlo residence being built
near tfce park; 50-foot lot; be sure and
see it.
$11,000 — Pine st.: 3 flats. 7. S and 8 rooms;
rents $102: lot 27:6x187:6 l«*t.
$13,500— Washington st. : 3 flats, 7 rooms each;
' rents ?125; lot 25x102 feet; reduced from
$15,000.
$8.500 — Clay-st. residence, about ten rooms;
I lat 23x105. feet; cfler wanted. •
$2,500 — Cas*Ul av«.. near Eighteenth st.; cot-
tage r. rooms: lot 60x121 f»«t; offer
wanted.
$4,600— Hill St.; ne«ir 7-room house; lot 23x
125.
$600— A snap, on Point Loboe ave.: flne
marine view; easy terms; a bargain.
HOAG A - LANSDALE,
10S Montgomery st..
Telephone Maia 78.
FORECLOSURE aales, credit salee; % ca»h:
lots ready to build on: why pay rentY inter-
est 6 per cent on "Beferred payments ; also
new ccttage, 6 rooms, bath; must be sold;
make effer. G«t oar list at the office.
$1100— Ct-ttsge. 4 r.: cottage, 8 r.. bath, on atth
et.. S2CU 1 ; also cottage, 4 r, bath, for $10.7).
Go to MISSION REALTY CO.. 3297 Mission
st. for i-nars la . realty. ¦ . . - .
SC140— TEKMS; for sale, two elegant, new
6-6-r. flats, up to date In every respect: rent
for $52 60 per raenth; $1000 down. bat. G'i
per cent interest, payments of $60 per mo.
Call on premises. 757 Fifty-ninth ave., near
Golden Gate Park.
I AM anxious to selt a level lot; H block from
cars, at Ocean View; will sell It cheap.
•29 Halght st. . " ., . .
$5 PER month: chance to get a flne building
i lot cheap; Excelsior Homcjtead: only $200.
! Call on McEIVEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery.
j $!H50 — THIS week, foreclosure cottage. 4 rs. :
1 Duncan st.. nr. Dolores; a snap. MISSION
I REALTY CO.. 33P7 Mission st.
j COTTAGE. C room*, bath and; basement. In-
i quire> &>, Cumberland st., near Dolores. -^ '"
RSA-G ESTATE— CITY— ron SALE.
LYUN jc HOAG. - 110 Montgomery st.
s"end lor cur printed ll»t ot property for
Ml iii all sections at the city.
NEW WESTERN ADDITJON RKSIDENCE.
Str.OO — Uasy terms; J2oiO cash, balance
monthly; It) splendid large rooms, reception hall,
hoi air furnace, tine basement, etc.; this housb
Is beautiful in desien; commands excellent
Vtewa; accepted street; everythinc done: In-
terior flni&h unubually cood: hardwood floors;
curly redwood in halls, etc.; dinlnir-room es-
pecUlly elaborate; take llaight-st. cars, get
olf at Scott st. and walk twu blocks south to
Duboce ave.; house close to Duboce Park; open
dally lor inspection between 11 and 4. -
COIINKR PAUK PANHANDLE.
J13.250— r.enta $12U>; "> flats of 7 rooms and
bath each: nort hv.en corner, in the best part
of 1'avk Panhandle; larse lot; abundance of
sun and lijrht. •
FLATS SOUTH OF MARKET.
$OCCGr— 3 flats on Bryant St.. near 3d: 5-5-6
rooms and bath each; always rented; modern la
every reeptct.- •
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
$IO,C0O — Rant over 51000; brand new buljdlng;
3 liancis-jinc fiat?, ti rooms and bath bach; fin-
ished in latest style, with every modern con-
venience; north of and close to Market St.;
large lot; accepted street: splendid sun and
Ilg:>t; price reduced to make •lukk sale; owner
must have money; best Investment on our.
books. . ....
¥5(KK> — Presidio Heights residence ; nice new
house: awell neighborhood; large lot: get per-
mit and see this at once.
ELEGANT FLATS ON PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$'J25O — Rents $000 per annum; new, modern
flat*: beamed ceilings; mahogany doors; street
bltunilnizcd. "...
}.>it>(> — Kcnts f45: double house of 6 : and S
rooms,' and -bath; alt>o stable; large lot, 55 feet
frontage, near Market and lCth; a bargain;
see this at once, j . -
$2750 — Cottage In Miseion; handy to two !
lines of ccrs; 7 rooms and bath; modern; sia-
ble; 25x114.
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN. j
$5500— Two flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot 1
37x00. with 2 frontages: also stable; positively
the best buy on the market. ;
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK. !
$7000 — Two brand new flats, 5 rooms and |
bath <-ach. nesr Duboce Park. These flats are
nicely finished and In a good neighborhood.
LYON & HOAG, lie Montgomery st.
GKEAT BIG LOTS. r ~~
EASY TERMS.
Near the station in Mill Valley. Why buy a
arcall lot in a poor neighborhood when you can
secure a flne large lot same distane? from your"
work, surrounded by desirable neighbors, splen-
did climate, fine water, schools, etc.? Call or
write for illustrated booklet, prices, etc. ;
- • LYON &¦ HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW SUBDIVISION
NEW SUBDIVISION
$1100 TO $2250
$1400 TO $2250
EASY TERMS
Tli« beautiful new block bounded by Duboce
ave., Devlsadero, 14th and Castro sts. is now
ready for sale. The streets are all made.
Devisadero St., Duboce ave. and 14th st. are
sewered, bitumlniied and granite curbed.
Don't delay. - See this property at once.
Hous's are already built or In course of
erection. A lew Iots are already sold, so go
to-day and see the property 'and secure your
choice (there Is always a choice).
No property in the city so close to town for ;
the money. Lots twlco the distance are selling [
for as much more. Remember they command i
fine views, as they are slightly elevated; the
hills to the west protect it and make it the
wannest spot In the city. Good neighborhood
and flne surroundings. Near Duboce Park.
Easy terms, ore-fifth cash, balance in 2. 3
and 4 years, or will make them to suit you.
Take Halsht-street cars, get off at Scott or
Devlsadero st; land two blocks distant. Branch
office on the property; open daily. Including
Sundays, from 11 to 4. Don't delay.
LYON A HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
MADISON A BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
89 Montgomery at Opposite Lick House
$40.000 — Corner on Octavla St.. near Sutter;
flats renting for over 0 per cent: lot :
60x67:6.
$10,750— Page St.; 2 up-to-date flata. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $000.
$6.000 — Bryant' St.. nr. 3d; modern flats; well
rented; lot 25xS0.
$5,500 — Natoma 6t., near Sth; two good flats,
with high basement; rents S4S6 per
annum; lot 25x75; must be sold.
$3,250 — Beaver et., near Noe: beautiful cot-
tage, just the thing for a small family;
fine garden.
$3,100 — Harrison st., near First; house rents
$18; lot 20xOS:9.
$4,000*— Tenth St., near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32. , ,
LOTS
$4,100 — Flllmcre St., near Grove; lot 25x
107 :a
$1,600 — Fourteenth ave. and A st. corner; 120
feet on the new park panhandle.
$5,000 — Two flne lots; Beulah st., near Stan-
yan; 50x137:6.
$3,500 — Tremont ave., west line; 6-room cot-
tage in fine condition; near Frederick at. j
$1,975 — Harrison st.. near 2Sth: flne cottage,
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,500 — Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lota 27:6x137:6. on Sutter st., between Stelner!
and Pierce.
Building lots. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker at.; In sizes to suit; prices
frora $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. on south line of
Geary st.. n»ar Flllmore.
MADISON '* BURKE.
SO Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
BALDWIN A STETSON.
317 Montgomery st., near Pine.
Over 20 years* experience in San Francisco.
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property.
City Agents German Alliance Ins. Co.
Telephone Grant 137.
Eee to-day's Chronicle — different list.
Call at our office and get full particulars.
NEAR SIXTEENTH AND VALENCIA.
$2.750 — Rents $276; will pay $324: substantial
2-slory house of 7 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; street accepted.
NICE HOME CHEAP.
$4,100 — Substantial 2-story bay-window house
of 7 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x122:6;
Capp vt.; Mission warm belt.
WILL PAY 10 PER CENT NET
$0,000— $072, low rental; 6 good 3-year-old
Mission warm belt flats; brick founda-
tion, etc.; lot 53 feet front.
OWNER MUST GO EAST IMMEDIATELY.
$14,500— Rent $1740; guaranteed lease; 3 ele-
gant new sunny modern flats on a key
lot. with marine view; offer wanted.
AN ELEGANT CORNER MANSION.
$22,600— Best part of Pacific Heights; offer
wanted; flnUhed In quarter-sawed oak
and other hard woods; everything of the
• very best; large lot: 15 rooms, 3 baths,
3 servants' rooms, library, bllliard-rOOm,
«ewlng-room. etc.
FINE HOTEL ON- POST ST.
$26,000— Rents $2600 under a guaranteed lease;
In perfect condition; very substantially
built; S3 rooms, 4 baths, etc.; 60x137:6.
BALDWIN A STETSON. 317 'Montgomery St.
$32,500— BARGAIN; corner south of Pine and^
•. . east oX Mason; can lease for $2000 net.
$8,600—2 modern fiats, 0-6 rooms; SOxSO; rent
$750 per annum; cheap.
$6,000—2 Hats; «-P rooms and baths; fine
view; rented low for $«MS per year.
$5,750 — Corner, cheapest In W. A.; Webster.
near Suiter; 2 flats and cottage.
$4,500 — Mission flats. 6-6 rooms and baths;
cost $4750; make offer.
$1,600 only for corner lot on 18th st.; cars
pass door. .¦ •¦
$700 — Make offer; lot 25x100; reduced from
$1000; must sell: street work all done
. . P. W. MORRISSEY. 630 Market st. '
HERE Is the beet buy on tho market for many
a day; 3 elesant new flats for &ale on the
corner of lSth «nd Diamond sts., bringing in
rents that will pay for themselves in a few
years: price moderate. Address D. CONDON
builder. 220^ Fulton et. .
- ¦
FOR sale — Renldence, 6 roorac, bath, servants*
room, conservatory, large basement:- yard for
cow; chicken house: 3 minutes from 4 car
llacs; 1<« blocks from park entrance; all as
good aa new; open to-day from 10:30 to 4
650 9th ave., bet. B and C, Richmond Dist.
$2300— SEVEN beautiful lots In the Mission
district; far below the market value; must
b3 sold in a' bunch; a splendid opportunity
for speculation. Box 113a. Call office.
$300 — COTTAGE and lot. 25x100; 4 rooms- in
Elkn,' Nevada: rents for $20 per month. ' E.
IIOUCHAN, 027 Market st. f room .204.
$4500— MODERN house, 2 flats, 5 and 6 sunny
rooms, enameled bath; mortgage can remain*
lot 26x114. 184 Clipper st., N.E. corner..,'
DOLOREB-ST. boulevard— 2 .flats, six and
' seven rooms; lot 25x125. - Inquire 231 Dolores.
11000— $25 DOWN. $10 monthly: fine marine
view lot on Greenwich st. Box 871. Call.
BEAX ESTATE — CITY— fOB BALE.
SHA1NWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 229 Montgomery St.,
Mills Building.
$7,800— Second ave., near California: 8 mod-
ern flats; 5-6 rooms and bath; rents $80
per month; lot 25x120 ft.; flne propo-
•altlonv ' i
$8,750— New flata; Presldto Heights; rents $75
per month; always rented.
$30,0CX) — Northwest corner.' opposite Alamo
•square; elegant apartments, renting for
$212 50 per month; lot 70x125; partially
Improved.
$22.500— Warehouse; 4-«tory building on lot
45:10x120 feet: one short block from
S. P. freight sheds; will pay 8 per cent
on the Investment.
$12,50u — Stores and flats on Sacramento St..
near Centra! ave.; rents $110 per month;
lot 50x100 ft.
$10,00) — Post st., near Taylor; 2 frontages;
40-foot lot; grand stte to erect modern
' building.
$3,250^ — Devisadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
fine 2-story residence: lot 25x100 ft.;
price is very reasonable. T * . .
$10,000— Filbert st.. near Hyde; fine marine
view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
$6,000— Devlsadero. near Halght :¦ residence. 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$7,500 — Unlon-st. corner, near Devlsadero;
elegant marine view; lot B2:6xllO feet;
must be sold.
$17,000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x95 ft.;
fine site for modern business building.
$775 each — Choice marine view lota; Lake
* st., 26th and 27th avea. ; ready to build
on; price' Includes all street work, sew- 1
era and sidewalks; will double in value
in on* year; cash or easy terms if de-
' ' sired.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. '
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery St., Mills bid.
— — — — — ¦— — — »
REAL ESTATE — OOTTXTTBT — Tor Sale.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California Nevada, Arlxona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing— vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for graxtng. but for Umber, ag-
riculture, oil, minerals or town sites. We have
many tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands wher« grats
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net on cost for five or ten Tears' lease.
We have residences up to date, in ise land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes la
the famed Santa Clara VUley. near the Garden
City of ' California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches. ,
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10, «00 head of cattle for only $20,000.
CHARLES W. COS * CO.
Real Estate. Cattle and Loans.
tS-79 Auiermls bldg.. Baa Jose. CaL
LYON 4: HOAG. Country Department,
• 116 Montgomery st.. San Frandaco.
A choice list of country property at attrac-
tive ' prices; the famous Moulton ranch, the
richest of Sacramento Valley land, adapted to
1 fruit, both citrous and deciduous, alfalfa, etc..
' In sizes to suit from $35 to $75 an acre: hun-
dreds of acres of fertile and level land within
fifty miles of San Francisco at moderate
prices: the finest orchards In the heart of the
Watsonvllle apple belt; cattle ranches, small
and' large; beautiful ; suburban" homes ;• choice
unimproved Berkeley property: these are
simply samples: now that you are here why
not look Into the proposition cf a beautiful
California home?
FOR RENT. ' :'¦ ":
One- quarter of crop; 600 acres good grain
land. Sacramento County; gqod barn; small
bouse.
One-quarter of crop; 1000 acres; large barn;
email house. ~-~ ¦
$500—160 acres, six miles from Gait; old
house and barn.
$450— 135 acres well Improved; San Joaquin
County; one- half bottom land.
FOR SALE. .
Grain ranches, dairy tanchet, table and wine
grape land. In tracts to suit; young vine-
yards. 1 2 and S years old. Address box
15. Gait." Cal. ' . . .
16000— 22*4 ACRES valley land; 10 acres ber-
ries. 12 acres fruit: soil sandy loam; $1800
dwelling now building
$$500— 585- acre stock ranch; 50 head of
cattle; 1 span muleis; 10 bogs; 10 to 15 toss
hay; 3 acres corn; 2 acres family orchard; 1
acre Mission grapes; 30 a*res tn cultivation:
more can be cultivated; 7-room house. b«rn
and outbuildings; plenty water; 4000 to 5000
cords timber.
$8600— 24 acres land on Russian River; 10
acres fruit: 7 acre* grapes; some pasture;
hou«e and barn; well located: correspondence
solicited. J. O. HICKS. Healdsburg. Cal.
' $1050 — 50 acres, all under cultivation; five
miles rroru Llvermore.
$6000 — 240 acre*. 22 miles from Oakland and
2 miles from railroad; 200 acres in cultivation;'
fenced and cross fenced; small house and barn;
water piped from spring to both; mortgage ot
$3500 can stand: toll good.
We have ranches of all kinds la all part*
of the State.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
' 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
A GOOD HOME FOR LITTLE MONET.
23 acres Of black loam land, situated In the
famous Pajaro Valley, the celebrated apple
producing district of the western slope. Santa
Crux County— 1000 apple trees, half Newtown
Pippins and Bellflower. now commencinar to
bear; balance of tract Is planted to peas, po-
tatoes, corn; all kinds of garden truck; Im-
provements consist of good barn and dwelling,
all well fenced; a stream runs through th«
tract. For further particulars of sale apply
OAFFEY A MAHON, 11 Montgomery st.
PAJARO VALLEY. CHEAP HOMES.
$700— Ideal climate; easy terms; 10 acres
of fine land 6 miles from WatsonrMe. on
railroad, near station; this place has lots of
timber and about 4 acres cleared; It can be
irrigated for alfalfa and other garden track,
as there Is lota of water; there Is a small
house on this place and it faces the county
road; an Ideal chicken ranch.
$1850 — 65 acres of land. 10 miles from Wat-
sonvllle and 4 miles from CorraUUe; 1300
prune trees. 250 apricot. 10O apple. 24 peach.
30 cherry, balance in timber: 4-room house,
barn, fruit house; good spring.
A. A. M. CO., wataonTille. ever P. O.
COMFORTABLE home and a money making
ranch of 160 acres: 10 acres in vineyard. 23
in oats, 55 in woodland, and 10 In Improve-
ments; house containing 6 rooms, cellar and
attic; two small houses for . help; winery
containing 40,000 gallons of cooperage; 2
win* presses: large barn; tool house: plows,
harrows, wagons, horse*, etc.; splendid fam-
ily orchard; ranch situated In Sonoma Co.
Call or address W. M. ROGERS. 817 Call-
fornla st. . '
A SURE INCOME RANCHO. —
* . 160 acres of prime land, situated within 6
miles of 2 railroad stations. 8. P. and Santa
4fe; Kern County; 40 acres in paying fruit
trees, balance alfalfa; good dwelling, barns
etc.: will be aold cheap, us other business
compels' th* owner to live In this city. Ap-
ply GAFFEY * MAHON, Real Estate Agents.
11 .Montgomery at. : ¦ ¦ •
$000 BUYS 2 8-10 acres, mile ont; 3-roora
. house;. good storage house; » chicken houses
and 2 good springs: $300 cash; balance on
your own time at 5 per cent. Write or see
FORK & WISEMAN, 776 Mala at, Feta.-
luma. Cal. * •/- '
$2000— ONE of best 20- acre homes in CaL: 14
¦ acres full bearing orchard and vineyaru; good
buildings: near town; easy terms; bargain.
H. M. WOOLLET. 230 Montgomery «t.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. . orchards.
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues v>nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st. . ¦'...-' '
A HOME. Indeed — 110 acres In 'the famous
orchard section or the Western Slope, Pajaro
Valley; within 3 miles of S. 'P. R. R.: 23
acres In apples. 10 apricots. "15 ' French
prunes. 2 Bartlett pears.. 1 In cherries.* 11
acres full-bearing vines: good house, winery,
barn, fruit house; atock sheds; water piped
to all buildings from a live spring.
.GAFFEY' A MAHON.
_. ll*Montiom«ry at.
$1000—160 ACRES flne farming aad grazing
land. 12 mile* NE. of Redding; T-room novae,
large barn; . orchard; stock, etc ; fine raa-
rlng water; (this Is a ger.uln" bargain). For
particular* address H. B. DeMOOY, Rlady*a
Hotel, 7th and Franklin iu., Oakland, CaL
¦ BEAT. ESTATE— CITT— TOB SAIiB.
OSCAR HEYMAN AND
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
14 POST ST.
NEW LOTS !
NEW LOTS !
NKAR THE OCEAN BOULEVARD
NEAIi THE: OCEAN BOULEVARD
1500 each— Level lots on 4Sth ave., only 100
ft. from the boulevard.
$150 each— Lots on 47th ave., near the boule-
vard. ,
: $300 eacn— Lots on 46th ave., near the boule-
vard. ,.
$100 each— Lots near the Oceanslde House,;
all on easy terms.
• • RICHMOND LOTS.
Cheap lots on 23d ave., near Fulton St.; close
to tho Park; flne marine view.
BUILDING LOTS !
' - BUILDING LOTS !
Excelsior Homestead. Mission District. Po-
trero. . South San Francisco, Heyman ; Tract.
Parnassus Heights and S.uniwt District — easy
terms,, easy terms— send for diagrams.
LOTS, ON THE LINE OF THE KENTUCKY-
i STREET CARS.
$200 each— Your choice of 12 building lots
one block from the Kentucky-street cars.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
$125 each — Lots nerfectly level and only one
block from the electric cars; Spring Valley
water- lot fenced and ready to build on.
! HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
$14.->0 — New cottage and corner lot. 35x95,
fronting the San Mateo car line.
$1750 — t-room cottage and 3 lots; level; all
fenced and In fine condition; only one block 1
from cars.
VERMONT AND TWENTY-FIFTH RTS.
Now building 2 more 5-room and bath lVi-
story cottages; almost everything In them of
1 the latest: 2 bay windows; look at them whllo
they are being built— that's the way to Judge
what kind of work la being done; take Mission.
Howard, Folsom or Bryant street cars, transfer
to 24th st. cars, ride to Vermont st.
NO. 837 ALVARADO ST.
5 rooms and bath. Just completed: lot 37:6x
US; electric lights, elegant mantel, flne plvmb-
ing; everything of the latest; take Mission or
Castro street cars, transfer to 22d St., ride to
Douglass St.. walk 14 blocks to Alvarado st;
I agent on the premises.
' CLARENDON HEIGHTS.
$250 each — 2 very cheap lots; beautiful rlew.
BIXTH ST.
$20,0CO— 50x85 on Sixth st. with 25x75 rear
to Harriet st. ; buildings in fine condition; 4
1 stores, 20 rooms and 2 flats; a good Investment.
FRANCISCO-ST. LOT.
$1500— Lot 80x70; near Dupont at.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
Elesrant, 2 stories; dwelling of 8 rooms, fin-
ished basement, attic; east and west exposures:
everything in fine condition; easy terms If
desired. .
RICHMOND FLATS
Two newly-built flats on California at. 4-5
rooms; ea3y terms; will net 12 per cent per
annum. ¦ .
ABBEY HOMESTEAIX
$450 — 6 lots, including the corner, one block
from the San Mateo cars. [
13TH ST. AND TREAT AVB. COTTAOEv
$tSOO — New corner cottage with a stable; 10-
foot basement; very easy terms.
BAKER'S BEACH MARINE VIEW LOTS.
Five lots on West Clay St., bet. 25th and 26th
a vps.; th-.> only remaining lots for sale in this
beautiful marine view locality.
O6CAR HEYMAN. 14 POST BT.
CALIFORNIA
TITLB INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST.. ;
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE IMPORTANCE
Of knowing that the title to your property is
clear and incontestlble Is most apparent when
you figure up the expense of litigation and the
possible -loss of your Interests. ¦
We examine titles and if through weakness !
they are subject to dispute or contest we pro- J
toct you against all loss by Insurance.
Doesn't cost much either.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE CCMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
: der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank Of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pree. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
' ¦- Of Balfour, Guthrle A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
• President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
. Manager Anglo- Caltfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney A Olney. Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen A Knight. Atty'a,
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trait Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
;¦"¦¦*;,• V Capitalist. 530 California at.
CHOICE MISSION LOTS. 25x114 EACH.
' Only 100 feet from Dolores st.. the Van Ness
: ave. of the Mission; perfectly level; sewered,
cement walk In front of each lot; beautiful
view and close to two car lines.
Terms— $100 cash, balance $10 per month,
interest 6 per cent. Make your choice before
they are sold. Will build If desired on easy
monthly payments.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO., Home Provider*.
616 Sacramento st.
WE own lots north of the park,' south of the
park, also in different parts of the Mission,
all for sale at low prices and eaay terms.
Being owners of all the property we offer
for sale you ' have no agents' commissions
tc pay.
WEISSBEIN BROS. A CO., Home Provlderi.
616 Sacramento st. .
FOR sale — Modern 7-room cottage; finished
basement in good condition; close to 4 lines
of cars. St-e the owner, 223 Third ave.,
Richmond district. ¦
$300— LOT for speculation or poor man's home.
MORSE & PERRY, 632 Market at., room 5.
TWO modern flats for sale; part cash. In-
Quire et 4045 Nineteenth st.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO.. ™
203 Montgomery St., opp. Mlila bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATB. ' -
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds will be Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list Of cheapest properties
offered en the market in every location. Send
us your address and we will mall you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO..
203 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bids.
ONLT A FET." LEFT.
$1 16 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest - lots In the Excelsior Homestead
'.Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsslon-at. electric cars; secure one as .aa
Investment and by the time It la paid for tt
will have doubled In value the - way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive la this
rapidly : growing section.' - ¦" ¦
. : W. J. WHITE. •
2fl Montgomery Bt.. r. 8. Phone Main 87<H.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
' OWN A, LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California terminus of the . Santa Fe
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Is at
Richmond. Just across the bay from San Fran-
clcco. These corporations. - with the Southern
Pacific Company, are spending millions of dol-
lars there, making it the great manufacturing
city of the West. Make monev. <'\ ¦ -r-^
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
Call or send for fret maps. <
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Bldg., 8. F.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location. On $1 25 per week. . Mutual..
Home Building Association. 427 Croesley bid.
FINE cor. lot In S. F. : 76x80: fronting three
streets. Ada. E.A.K., Frultvale ave.. Dlmond.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHI#-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 'Howard 'st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; • up to date!
-terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick. w«st of Willard. Sam Glass, builder.
on premises. - - - ¦• • •• " ' "
gAKTAC&UaSEAI. ESTATE.
"LOOKS GOOD TO Ma".
. Building lots from $25 up; near electric car
line. We also have some very <Je«lrab!e Im-
proved places in choice locations at prices
. ranging from $1500 t» $15,000. - ¦•-/
.%•;' ADAM3 A BARRY, 1* ';.
The Leading Real Estate -Brokers.
llf Pacific ave.. .
Santa Cruz. ¦ California.
Send for Printed Utt. - -•
r:. 7_; — yrr.~ ' *¦•—;, "~~>jf*.Jrr — :: '~ •— — ,
A«ii!wr* Cctumualcallons u>
Sum X >JcXA UCllT.^; a I^:^>Ianagcf
W. J. >L.\lMiX. . . I Boslnrea f Manage
TLLia'JlO.NlJ.
Atk lor XHE CALL. Vbe Operator Will Coo-
r.tct Vwu Wiiti tiu Dv-varitueat loa w if n.
Puttlraucn C.'flc? Market a.id Third. S. F. '
EcitortjJ Uuor^* -:il 13 2Ji Stevenson at. \
Delivered by Carr'era. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 ]
c;c r*r Kosth Single Copies 5 Cts :
Tr:n.» ty ;j_ii, including I'ostase (Cash Wltn
Order):
I AW.V <\>.I_L tlac:vd. Purfisy). I year. . .$S.O0 .
1'AjLV CALL linciud. Sunday). « tr.c*... 4.00
1\a:ly CALL— Oy Sing!- Month J»°
CT2CUAY CALL. 1 *>*r 2 5 •
WKEKLT CALL, 1 Vear I- 00
roCEJON { Daily. . .$*<.8l> Per Year Extra
«^c, * ~7- \ KHTday. 4.15 Prr Year i:xtra
I OSTAC£. I Weekly. ICO Per Y«sr Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
VO RSCEIVB eUCSCKIl'TXONS. .
fcat"i>:e CcpJe» will t> for*wrdeJ when re- '
COestcS.
Mail rsbKcxlbCrS, in oruerln* chaos* of «<1-
«::•!•> t huu!d br particular to give both NEW |
A.MJ uL'j AL'DRLSS in order to Insure a
H»nvt and correct icacpUtcce with their re-
•uea*.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
Kit Brce.d»*y Telephone Stain 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SMS Center i^r^et Teitrphoae North fl
W/.fliiXGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CjLXUCL W. WaLL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 j
tc:cn fccuare; Umxay Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue- !
licul and HafTsjon House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sr.errr.in liens*: P. O. News Co.; Great'
Ktttbera Hct«;; Troaicct Iica&e; Autlltoriuin,
lKu:, Painter House. :
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOfiGE C8OGXBS& Marqurtu- Building, i
U-tr»: Linance TfclQbCBC, •"Central 2€19.'7
Ni:w YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETIZPUEN ii. PMITII SO Tribune Building -
SETV TCniv eORP.ESPONPKNT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square j
BtTHJNXf? CKF1CE cf the Fan Francisco Call. I
corner Market ar.'1 Third street*: open until :
12 1 ¦ . . .. every right in the year.
1'KANCH OKriCHS:
50o« Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
fo*7 Mcnigornery atreet. corner Clay; open until
»:5o p. m.
Sfv Hapee street: open ur.t!l 9:20 p. m.
*-ii Mi.AlliFter ftrftt; ep*n until 9:30 p. m.
M' 1^,-iklr. street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
3&4J MifMcn *:re*t; oj^en ur.til Id p. m.
I0S Ele«*ntll Mreet; open until 9 p. m.
lff.H. Va>r. -:a etrtet: op*o until 9 p. m.
Northtast corner i'fcuich and Duncan streets; j
cpen ur.t-1 0 p. ta.
Sl'0') Killtnore ttrtet; cpen until 9 p. m.
SEAL JESTATS— CTTY— TORJBAiE^
c at. vtoosteb co eis market et. i
- * ?O.S'«.>— l^ot 60xl2J:6; Mission et.. near 2*th; j
> stores and 2 flats and :; cottages; gv^/d j
BbsnUac: fine condlttoa: rent* low, $1341. Tlie !
lot hloiiL ;* worth iht aEk!ng price.
IZ3S0— Oottac*; <i rn-jtr.r and larRC basement; i
<>a Gilbert it., near Brarnan; lot 25xS«.
IIXSU) — Thr^e elecact f^xit: 6-7-7 roc>mi and !
tJioOtrc 8-room hjuse. which could easily b* '
caeivcrted Into additional flats: let 26:6xl37:«;
Tmts Ic*. $1230; on Kultcn rt.. close to City I
KS73O — Three good fiats: 6-7-7 rooma and I
bath: wc-ll built; in escellent condition; al-
v.<iys renud; r*>e $900; lot 25xi0o; on Web-
ttw ti., dc&t Haicht.
?^lf<i — Rents $3>'*.i; store and 2 Cats: clot*
to Uth jnJ Kolsom: a pplendld investment.
S%!sOd — Rents J10O0; 3 elegant new bay-wln-
<lo«>d txrr.tr fiats in the heart of the Mis-
sion warn: belt; lot
f >' <>' — Tiirw modern flats en Ehotwell st., [
r.ear ITthj rt-n:» $714; lot 24x122:6.
Bl :LL»KP.^. fPECLLATORS, ATTENTION'.
$0COt.' — Northeast corner of Grove et. ; lOOx
MB. j
FPEC1AL REDUCTION
TO FORCE SALE.
tOPOC — Red'jci frum $;^>W; 5 handsome
T3<_-\J*rn flat? in the tiest posribie condition:
arwaya rented for $SM; close to 24th and j
Mii.<hcr. t»e this culck. !
BCeiNESa CORNER. ' ,
$9C00— B«ntc JIKi4; corner lot, SOxSO; 2
ft'r'> pr.J t flat?; ti^ver vacant; near tth st.
Iniju-Ok'cinent:; in good condition.
$T.V* — 3 r-rlendid flats in the b«*et condition;
licrr vacar.t : ifnts $Mf>; lot 25x109; on loth
tt.. near &ancfcez.-
SI6.Wi— North side Hayes st.." l^i block frcrn
U«rkM: lot ZJAXI2Q. to rear strtet; 4 fiats; J
jejits tSCA. Gnat property with a great futur«.
$r,5^>— Make t^Tirr: :: flaie, 5-^-6 ro^jtrs each;
reut«l !¦¦» %ctxi-. <"":»»monttna st., near Sth.
i:ddy ?t.. nkar van ness ave.
I1S.S0C— Lot 32xl2tt. to rear etreet: large
2-*'.<"ry and bas^m^nt residence «f 10 roomn
fr.4 bsth. etc. Could easily b"e remodeled to
fists.
131< f! — Ennrry Bide Pcrrj- st., near 4th; 2 gnoi
flats, rent* f3eo.
5<-2Of» — 2 modern Cats and r^ar ccttare: Va-
l'.ej> Ft., near Van N»>s"s ave.; lot 25x122:6;
jentt- fhl«.
t".'S.««ai— 4-story warehouso; 2W fe«t from 8.
Y. XI. R. :rt ight rheds; rents ?2J00; lot 27:tix
137 :t.
tl O.OfO— Three new modern fiati, near Hyde
aft.; nn'.t fllC-O; lot r7:Cxl37:6.
$t;>"0 — Mlana et., near 7th; 4 flats; rents
$C:4: cooi cor.flitlon.
C. M V.CXDSTERCO <S«S MARKET ST.
B. GLTZ, Room 22. Chronicle Building.
OWNER AND DEALER.
N*» Biork on tlie Gran«l Ocetn Beach!!!
<«!¦.. .•<¦! I>ots n*ady to Build on,
Quality and Prlrea T<=11— Easy Terms'.'.!
Eup^rb \".fv — Call for Map and Diagrams.
Rk-'imrmd TUstrlct— rhoio* Graded Lota!!!
Greatftt Ber^ains Ever Offered — D*ty Terms.
$C3*> to ST'OO^ — North of the Park Lots!!!
OlT- i?Dreckels Lake and Near Chute*— $5 mo.
$3Tit> to $ 1 2^0— Sunset Heights Lots, $5 mo. up.
$350 to $500— 19th ave. Boulrrard Lots. $5 mo.
$75 to $CT^— Ocm H»i|Thta and Oceanslde
Lets. $5 JJ&nth.
New Bleek in th# Excrlslor Homestead!!!
$150 — .--, !•!-.<:. ri Lrvri Lots — Just Thick of It.
Get a Home on Easy Terms — City Water.
$75 to $10Tj — Orean View Level Lots, $5 mo.
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and Houses on Terms.
call at try office. Room 22. Second floor.
Chronicle Building.
BALDWIN * HOWELL. — ~
£5 POST ET.
$7,7MV— Frederlr k st.. vicinity of Panhandle; 2
new modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
batl>: rpnt fcr $57 50 per month
*3.20O— E!li»beth St. ; pretty cottage. 7 rooma
and bath; lot 2ix«O; plettrant home.
$41.000 — rVFerrcil-et. cor.; 2 houses. . 2 stoics
ard 2 flats; r*-nts fcr Si:& per month;
tir.«» location for new brick building
$2.C^>-re(JeraI «.; 2 fiats of 4 and 4 rooms
anj rear house of 4 rooxr.*; rents for
$22 W> per month: investigate this
SJO.OijO— Powell St.. rear rilbert; stable for
30 horses; fine lot. £0x137:6.
$11,000 — Waller St.. sear Clayton; 2 eets cf
3 f!at« m.'i; rents for C106 per month-
lot 27:«xl<»: pi^tisant Burroundlnga
$3.500— Williams »t.; delightful location; 'cot-
tage ot 4 rooms and bath and 4 rooms
:n bs»cr!-.er.t; rractlcaliy 2 flaU; near
the electric cars. -
$5. M0 — Twenty-first et., sear Valencia: 1 flat
tr.i 2 floors abov*; could be easily con-
\<rt«-<J into 3 flat»; rents for $4& per
month; In the warm belt.
oT 'aTtckxer a co. '¦ "
Do rou know the big mosey • ' >
will be Is raoaerate priced eata?
P Hundreds are looking for reasonable rests.
You must have lew priced lots . . .
to be able to meet thia demand.
We h*>T* a large U»t cf thia class of proper-
KfcV.
II !s >•• ur» for the afk!cg.
CHir euto will t«J:o you ever tfce ground.
G. A TURNETl & CO.. 312 MoDtgonsery st.
CORNER rr\ O'Farrell St.: veil In; 3 fine flats:
r*m* Ci'i> ptr rm-icth; 3CxllO. -
5-ii.r st.: Z cl'tar t flats; psj-s ll'i per
cent;' CCxK.Z. ¦ . .
JO.«nr j JI STRAUB. 630 Market et.
TWO enttag«» tird 'vacant 'lot; Richmond dU-
trict. Uo> WZ, Call ciice. '
KEAI. ESTATE — CITY— FOR SAX.E.
¦ ' "¦
THORNE A KILPATRICK.
212 Bush st,, . . ; . Near . Montgomery.
EXTRAORDINARY SUBDIVISION..
"i . K »«*jl_ _ [777 «3F6 Sf
O S $35oo #35eo •"¦ ' 5? C
jjj g" : $3«Soo- |3Joo'| ' g ?
m 2 J3.S 0 o $2>£7 O I >Z S §
J»I37.» Oo f > t + OQO 1376 »
J 5 <n <n o o o 0 0 o «a U .-1
~ So 000 o 0 ¦ 0 0 v •
0
X7.(>\nuZ74>\tf i>\z7b 27b 276 27.6 27fe|27fe| ¦
VAN NESS AVE
West side of Van Ness ave., from Union to
¦ ¦ ,¦ Green. . . .
LARGE LOTS.
ACCEPTED STREETS.
LEVEL AND ON. GRADE.
Most notable subdivision In year*; nurround-
O'l by nm-cluss Improvements; prices very
low end.cfti-tHin to prove a lucrative invest-
r ; : ,^ nside Iots fron tlng on Van Ness ave..
-'iMixlOO fert. $6000; n*xt to corners on Van.
£««. 2i:tixl00 feet, $G250; corners, same size.
5 ; )..i0; key lots, fronting on either Green or
Lnlon sts., 27:S.\137:6 feot. $1000;^ inside lots
?"?rJ! er Greon or Union. 27:8xl3.:6 feet,
t-iooo; act quickly and secure your choice: Van
Ness ave. la one of the finest, widest streets In
tne city and destined to become one of the
test business and hotel streets; absolutely cer-
tain to increase in value very greatly; these
are all large lots; no grading to be done; street
work accreted. . . •.:¦ . • ¦
i MARINE VIEW LOTS.
Northeast corner Washington at. and Pre-
sidio ave. (formerly Central ave.); lots any
size to suit: J»et been graded and put In order
ready for building: fine marine view.
$1,500— 5lxia7:d; Hyde st.. near North Point;
level and. ready to build on; very cheap.
$900—30x100; California st.; near 22d ave.;
level and en crade. ••-• > •
$2.600-~Frederlck »t.. opposite Shrader: 25x
50x120. 23x120— Southwest corner California st.
and Sixth ave.; will subdivide.
$14,000— Corner Page and Buchanan sts.; 68:0x
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$«. 250— Choice lot on Valencia St.. opposite
Hill; 24x125. with good 9-room house;
should be raised and store built under-
neath: Imperative sale.
$5,000— Masonic ave., south of Frederick St.;
B and 0 nx>mn and bath; new; lot 25s
100; very cheap.
; $7,200— Baker st., near Sutter: 60x100; 2 flats
and a rear houfe; one lot vacant; rents
$50: will wii lot separately.
$11,000 — Waller st., near Tremont ave.; just
finished; 5 and 6 rooms and baths; cen-
tral kitchens: bay windows front and
rear: rents $105 per month.
$11.500 — Webster gt., near Geary; 3 modern
fiats. 6 rooms and bath each; every
room sunny; rents $100.
fS,400— Fourteenth at., near Valencia; 8 flats,
5, 5 and 6 rooms and baths; rent* $S4S
yearly.
THORNE A KILPATRICK,
• ' ' ' 312 Bush st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
Room 406, Examiner building.
COTTAGE HOME.
A beautiful, almost new cottage of 6 rooms
and bath. 1 block from Mission St. car line;
street graded and sewered; cheap at $3000; on
account of Immediate departure of owner placa
will be sacrificed at any reasonable offer.
$4250— Just competed; a beautiful new house
of 7 large, airy rooms: reception hall In nat-
ural wood: 3 large brick fireplaces; one of San
Francisco's ' moet unique and comfortable
homes; half block ' from Golden Gate Park:
this place Is worthy your Immediate Investi-
gation.
$2760 — Two well built small flats; 3 rooms
end bath each; rented for $24 per month;
small payment down; balance to be paid from
rented house,
.Are you looking for a home?
IF SO
Call and get out list; 16 nice cottage homes
In different parts of the city to select from:
email cash payment; f. balance as rent; 6 per
cent interest on deferred payments.
Do you own a lot? , . . '.
Do you want to build your own home?
If so we will furnish the money and build it
for you according to your own plan.
Ten fine building lots for $17C0; half block
from street car lines; these lots are actually
cheap at double this price. • •
MARION GRIFFIN, .
Room 406*. Examiner bldg.. Ban Francisco.
B. GETZ, Itoom 22. Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Block! Richmond District I New Block I
21st ave., bet. Clement and Point Loboa.
Builders. Attention!!! '-.
"1st ave. — Oraded. Sewered, Gas and Water
Lots graded and level to build homes on *
Bargains '.t! See them at once. Very easy term*.
$350 to $1200— Sunaet Heights Lots— $3 up mo.
$250 to $500— North of the Park Lots
Opposite Bpreckols Lake and New Speed Track.
$350 to $500— 19th-ave. boulevard lou— $5 mo _
$60 to $650 — Ocean Heights and Oceanslde Level
Lota. Splendid view; $5 monthly payments.
$160 up— Excelsior Homestead Level Lota
City Water— Fine Car Service— $5 monthly.
$75 to $100— Ocean View Lots, level to build ou
City water— Your own terms— See them!
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and houses— Monthly
payments.
Call at my office. Room 22. Second floor.
Chronicle Building.
$1700 FOR a choice building lot. 27:6x110;
sunny side Union: ready for building: marine
view; cheapest lot In W. A.; Just what it is
asseEae.d for; must b« sold; . flna lot for H '¦
'flats; a splendid buy. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.. . Savings Union building.
$8S0 EACH— 2 lots. 25x120; east side, the- side
that so many want to buy on, Eleventh ave..
225 feet south from Point Lobos ave. ; well
located; graded; street graded, macadamized
and sewered; win pell on Installments; small
amount first payment: If you are looking for
a lot to build on be sure to see these lots.
W. J. GUNN. . 530 California Bt., Savings
Union buildlnz.
$3750 — GOOD business corner, one of the best
in Richmond: NE. cor. Clement at. and 10th
ave.. 32:fixlO0: very likely will be transfer
corner. W. J. OUNN. 630 California st..
Savings Union building. •
$8,500— FREDERICK st. ; 2 new flats, 8 and 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6. '
$5,600 — Guerrero, near- 21st: residence of 8
rooms, bath; lot 32x117.
$2,600 — Hancock-at.' cottage, 5 rooms,' bath;
high basement; snap.
$5,500^ — Ashbury: 9 rooms, bath. 50x106.
$l..">00 — Church-st. cottage, 4 rooms.
$1S,000— Pine, near Taylor: 3 flats, 7 rmi, each.
J $3,200— Sanchez 6t.; 2 flats.: .
I Waller, near Shrader: 6.13.85; bargain. * '• ¦
Cor. lSth an<3 No* St.; 4 flats and vacant lot:
¦ will subdivide. • : ¦ '
PATTERSON. Examiner bldg.. room 202.
SPECIAL. ~~- " ¦¦ ¦
$3000 — Rents $380: two handsome flats; por-
celain bath tubs; latest plumbing; brick foun-
dation, etc.; in the best renting portion of
the Mission; - this- won't last long.
$7600— Rents $1008; eight well-bulH flats; al-
ways rented; large lot, 00x77:6; on Jessie St.;
this can't be beat. .' '
C. Af. WOOSTER CO..' 648 Market at.
jr.oorv— 2 FLATS> 4 & 5 r & b: 234 Day st.
$2S0O— 2 flats. 5 r & b; 221 Tw«nty-a*venth st.
$2SO0— New cottage. 5 r & b; Mission £ China,
S2S00— New cottage. 5 r & b; 486 2»th at.
S27CO— Cottage. 6 r & b; 1C9 West Park at.
$1100 — Cottage, 4 r & b; 2*0 Hearst ave.
$300 — Cottage, 4 rooms; 3 lots; 714 Munich.
$1300— Cottage. 4 r & b; 308 Munich st.
Send for our auction circular Sept. 17.
D. COFFIN. Mission st., bet. 21st A 22<J_
$7800— GOOD Investments "in Mission; new 3-
flat buildings. 6 room* and bath each; two
frontages; pays 10 per cent net on Invest-
ment. . ,
HENRY FEIGE. builder and owner, '
1 . , ,., 1068 Capp st. .
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN*] .. .' .
$CC0O— Residence of 9 large rooms; Page at.,
near Central ave. Owner, 8 Central ave.;
phone Waller 4331 . :. ¦
NEW Colonial houses; 2 flats. 5 rooms; re-
, ception halls each; lot 34x95; $5400; easy
, payments. B et. and Third ave.. near Park.
ELLIS STREET HOME, W14. bet. Devlaadero
¦and Scott; » rooms; modern; lot 25x157:6;
inspection to-day. between 12 and' 4 p. ni. '
gEAI. ECTATE^gggTBY :r gor_Salg r
WHITE A BAYLEY.
V , Successors to
" W J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES. -
$7 60 per acre: beet stcck ranch in HumboMt
County; on the sl^pe of the So u '.h *or* of t-»
Eel River; SOOO acres crazing land; Tactically
all fenced; good farmhouse; Ursa. barn, iw
head flne cattle; 1OK> ahce»; horses, and «»
farming Implements at market »«¦»:*"- ¦ ¦
$0500—5 miles of Saata Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian ltivrr bottom; 2u » cres ;- »*£'!:
vineyard; new buildings: 5-rcom aad « ot
tage; good barn; windmill and tank. P?" 1 "*
houses; see this, and If you want on f 1 >- 1 P a ) rt _^
It will sell unimproved portion at *1W per
acre: if you want to raise corn that will nu^
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
hom«s on the Russian Blvet.
I $"050—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres le\el
f garden soil; 8*i acres bearing vines: 1 acre
i fruit: good dwelling barn, poultry houses,
horse, wagon, carts. plow» J «e «• &»"*«":
tools/ wine press, tanks and casks; furniture.
"$ta00^4 acres: modem, uv to date house
and buildings: fenced and cross fenced; nearly
all orchard; 2 miles of Watsonvllle.
$3200—10 acres level aandy- loam: gooa *-
, room house u tine barn; windmill and tank.
, water pip«d over ranch; 6 Urge poultry nous**.
; incubator, 2 brooders; farming tools; cow, -«*/
laying he»s: easy terms; near PetaJuma.
$2000— Half-mile of Sebastopol; 10 acres, a
acres timber: 4 acres orchard, balance vine-
yard; house, barn: on new electrio road.
$2tiOO— Near Martinez; 123 acres hilf land; •»
acres good plow land; well fenced; houee. Darn,
family orchard. ' ¦ "
$5000—25 acres rich sandy loam, near nay-
wards: rolling:- 4 acre* vines; 3 orchard, ail
I tearing; balance hay; elegant 2-«tory residence.
10 rooms, bath; easy terms.
$2060—34 acres near WaUcnville: 200 apples:
• acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber: balance
grain: 5-room cottage: barn, outbuildings.
$1600— Sonoma City; 4 acres rich dark loam;
all level: orchard; cosy cottage; cement cellar:
barn:'wlndmiU and tank; 5 poultry houses: feed
room;' 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property In this vicinity and will be pleased to
drfve you around.
$e500^Near Santa Rosa; SCO acres: fenced 9
fields: It acres flne vineyard; Z acres orchard;
8 Jersey cows; 2 horses; tools: wagons: new 6-
room hmose; 2 barns; blacksmith shop. - W»
' have 13i> places on our list near Santa- Rosa.
See them. - -* ¦ -
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto: fr acr#s
up; »i cash. - - • - " • ' '
$50 per acre— S miles of Modesto: 2» acres
ui>; Vi cash. ¦ -
$0O per acre— Near Lodi, on the Woodbrldge
canal. -.- . ,» •
.FINE DAIRIES IN HTMBOLDT.'
We have a large list of completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.;
' 24 acres up.
?25uo— Fine summer resort in Sonoma Co.;
sta^e station and P. O. "on place: 141 acr»s
controlling lOOO-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished: bath: dancing platform: aorse*;
farming implements; see this quick.
• $850—3 miles of Geyservflle: 2^ acres: «-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells: rolling.
all in vineyard: oak tree*: fine poultry farm.
$1000— Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; flne for
roadhause.
$5C0t>— Finest stock ranch la Southern Ore-
gon: 320 acres; 2 sets No. 1 Improvements: 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard:
carries 100 to 200 head of stock: 3 horses;
tools; 40 tons hay; near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTEXX -
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$2750 — Rolling land; 190 acres, near Clayton ;
80 acres plow land: house, barn, orchard: part
cash; over 100 choice farms in Contra Cost*
Co^ to offer you to select from.
J'JT.-.O — Humboldt Co. rich bottom land: 2*
acres half mil* Of Fortuna: 1 acre orchard;
new 5-room house, barn, ontbulldings.
$8 per acre — Fine stock ranch. 1040 acres: 100
rich bottom land, balance rolling: fenced and
cross-fenced: nice orchard; house; 2 large barn*.
$1500 — 4 acres rich Russian River bottom
land: half mile of Geyser^M*. Sonoma Co;
shade tr*«s: house, barn, outbuildings. Wa
have at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer In this fine section, where the Quality
of the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$2300— At Hopland; 42 acres; 7 beartns vine-
yard; 8 hay and garden land: 2 bearing or-
chard ; windmill, tank, tools; ICO laylog hens;
half cash.
$1700 — Only 9 mines of San Jose, cloa#> to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling, land: 10 acres
bearing prunes and cherries; geod 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses: 3 summer house*
for summer boarders: running water; close to
school. See this quick.
$4750— On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose: S3 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard :n
fine condition: balance gently sloping fi-.e* hay
land; flne creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; I-
room cottage; good stable: flne Income. W«
have a choice list of small homes In Santa
Clara Co.; pleased to drive, you around and
show them.
FOR RENT.
$300 cash per year: 1*3 acres: 2 mile* of
Grass Valley; good house: nice cellar;" 2 large
barns and'etable: 60 acres fln» bearing orchard:
5 acres bearing vineyard; generally level ; farm-
Ing implements; 2 horses; 9 Jersey cows; 15
acres timber; generally level: party must fur-
ntsh bond; would sell for $20,000.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
sified printed list on the- coast.
WHITE A BAYI.EY,
¦ Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
18 Montgomery St., room 8.
¦ . ." , Property Exchanges a Specialty.
AT a sacrifice — All or any part of 43 acres;
cultivated level loam; adjoining Nasa; only
$50 per acre; cash or terms; easily worth
$100. N. D. SICKELS. 6 Geary St.
A WEEK'S news' for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HAYWARDS BEAX. ESTATE.
T RAMAGE A STANTO3J.
Rsal Estate and Insurance Agent*.
Haywards. Cal.
Office' Castro »t . near A st. Tel B!aok S3.
All Inquiries Cheerfully Answered.
$175 to $350.
8TANTON TRACT.
FROM 4 TO 80 ACRE TRACTS.
$35 per acre — 1010 acres: elegant stock raaoh:
modern house of 8 rooms: stable, stock
barns, dairy-house; 4O acres fine or-
chard; all fenced and croes-fenced; S
miles from Haywards.
$13,000—40 acres choice orchard. foU bearing
- . trees; 11-room modern house; bara and
other outbuildings; chicken yards; eioev -
to school: 2 miles from town; H casX
balance on time.
$10,000 — 21<S acres, fenced and cress- fenced;
* > modern house: large barn: plenty wood
and water; small orchard; a Tery.de*
slrable place; 4 miles frora Haywards.
$20 per acre — t8O acres, all fenced and croaa>
fenced; plenty wood and water; fla*
atock ranch; &. miles from Haywards.
$0,800 — 12 H acres; ho>n>*. 5 rooms: barn,
windmill and tank; fruit, principally
cherries, apricots and prunee; la Hajr-
wards. ¦
$5,500— Beautiful country home for sal* er
. exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property; 10 acres; 7 acres la fins or-
ehard, variety cf fruit: all kinds of
berries: 3 acres fine vegetable or alfalfa
l&nd; son very rich: 5-rocsi heu*a: bara :
and other outbuildings: chiokitt yards,
etc; water fine and plentiful: rural de-
livery: close to school; ne*r station,
this la a bargain. - ¦ ¦ '
HATWARDS PROPERTY.
2U acres, with fruit for f»*fly «¦•; 4~roora
house, barn, well and windmill; 1 rail* from
town; pric* $1600.
S aoree. with abont 40 trait trees, bearing:
house. 5 rooms; bare, well and pump: cemented
cellar and brick loondaUon under nous*; prtc*
$2200.
4 acres, mostly in trait; flo* meO; near
town; good heuse, 8 rooms and tata; well.
windmill and tankr feedhonse. carriage-aoase.
barn, brooder-house. 4 chicken-houses, hors*.
cow. top baggy, spring wagon, cart. S0O
chicken*; price 14750.
12 1-12 acres. 10 acres of which !• In fruit:
bouse, barn, chicken-house, wall; Una view;
good land; prtc« $8200.
LARGE LIST. ALL SIZES AND PRICE3.
CALL OX OR ADDRESS
- P. WILBERT. HATWARDS. CAL>
FAI.O A3VTO SEAI. ESTATE.
COLLEGE TERRACE.
Juat a word about our Colleg* Terrace
/property, which Is surrounded on thre* side*
by the campus of the Leland Stanford Jr.
• University. This property la all on the edg*
of a wonderful advance In T&lue. A SlO.Ono
water system Is now being put la and .¦*
'sewer eystem Is to follow-. Best of all. th»
saloons are to withdraw from Mayfleld en c?
before January 1. 1905. This will r«mov»
the last obstruction to progTesn of. College
¦ Terrace and Mayfleld. We have 20f) lots.-
¦ SOxl25 feet. In fine sUuatlon In the Terrace.
which w« offer at a remarkably low fignr*.
It Is all ht*h and dry and closer to ta»
campus of the Stanford University thaa any
other real estate on the market.
THE J. J. MORRIS REAL ESTATE CO
Palo Alto. CaL
sunrmtsT beat, estate.
ELMHVRST REAL ESTATE.
$950— Small eash payment, balance monthly
a neat 3-rootn. hard finished cottage. Including
& lots: all fenced: partly cultivated; 2 blocks
from the railroad station.
$75— Large level lots . In Elmhurst. on ta«
line of the Hayward* local train; $5 rrmnthlv
-. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14, Post at.
FOR aal* at a bargaia: b«auttful 4-rcora mod-
ern botne tn Elmhurst: close to electric car?
Apply to owner. W. B. MAUCK. coatrae*op
• and bulldar. corner . Sun nyslde at. aad Orch-
ard ave.. EJmhurst-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
41
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY BEAI. ESTATE.
FOR INVESTMENTS.
$2600 — Pretty shingled bungalow, .6 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 40x130; street work and
cement walks done; Main ave., near
Dwight way station: rents for $22 60.
(1815). ¦ „
$3200 — Commodious 2-story colonial house, 8
rooms, bath, etc. : cor. lot, 52xlOS, on
Grove, near Dwlght way; rents for $30.
(1859).
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
IQOOO — Two stores on main business street at
South Berkeley; rented to good tenants at
$16 monthly. (1014).
$6600 — Three stores on main street at South
Berkeley; rented to good tenants at $50
monthly. (1908).- :
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriages in attendance.
FOR SALE.
$1600 — Nearly new bungalow; 6 rooms, bath,
etc;' lot SOxllO: cash, $200; balance easy |
payments. (1024).
$2250 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
high basement: lot 38x135; street work-,
done; 3 mlntitns from this station: cash, i
$250, and $25 monthly. (1922).
$2400 — Cottage, 5 larpe rooms, bath, etc.; high
. basement; lot 40x100; Improved «tre«t; 1
block from station; cash. '(1839).
$2650 — New cottare, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; com-
bination fittings; frescoed celllncs: lot
40x133; etreet work and cement walks
done; near station; cash. $500. (1903).
$2650 — Well built cottage. 6 large rooms, bath,
etc.: hlclt basement; - lot 60x135; street
A-n-ork done: nice home In good condition
throughout. (1001).
$8200 — Nearly new attractive 2-story colonial '
house. 7 rooms, bath, etc; lot 41x122;.
street work and cement walks done; good
street; 2 minutes from station. (1907).
f-8300 — New 2- story colonial house, six fine,
rooms, bath, etc; all modern improve-
ments; lot 87x122: Improved street; good
location; cash. (1890).
$5500 — Desirable foothill property; modern cot- .
' taxe. 8 fin* rooms, bath, etc.'; high base-
¦ '/ment: stable and carriage-house; well
-"./ and city water; with one acre of land on
College av*. (1869).
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriage* In attendance.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
Lot 80x150: street work and cement sidewalk
done; 2 minutes from Ashby station; has
upon tt pretty cottage of 4 rooms, with elec-
tric llrht, bath, basement and porch; also
small cottase In rear containing 4 rooms,
etc., rented for $11 monthly; main cottage
would rent readily for $15; price only $2200.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berke-
Ity.
INVESTORS, ATTENTION!
Choice business frontage at Lorin station
for sale.
Offered for 7 day* at a barraln.
H. D. IRWIN, LORIN STATION.
SOUTH BERKELEY.
BERKELEY.
$800— Lot 40x133; 2- foot terrace; cement
sidewalk; south frontage; bay view; within 2
blocks of D wtght way station; a genuine bar-
gain: terms. ) '
$600 — Lota 60x189; level: cement walks and
street work done; bay view; 0 blocks from
local station; terms.
$600 to $1000— Level lots; cement sidewalk:
palm trees growing In outer sidewalk line; 80
minutes from city; terms. v
Here ts a good investment with your sav-
ings and no better place to build on this side
of the bay; school 3 blocks.
$600 to $S50— Lota in North Berkeley: on* a
corner; street work done; not far from local
station; bay view. //''_¦.-•
$3000 — New 6-room modern house; built one
year; Includes new carpets; near Telegraph
ave. and within 4 blocks of Lorin station.
This house was built by the owner with extra
care for a home; double floors, etc.; the in-
side finish from selected pine wood; south
frontage: worth your while to Investigate if
you want a house 35 minutes from the city.
$3350 — New 6-room modern house; near U.
C. ; for an investment will earn 10 per cent.
We offer nothing but genuine bargains. We
will build three modern cottarea of 6 rooms
each. 40 minutes from the city. Call and ex-
amine plans and specifications; finished to
suit; terms.
ISGRIGG & HARRIS
Dwight Way.
NW. corner of Shattuck ave, /
lil£ Phone Derby 1211.
... \ . ~ ~~ "zmz. ¦ '¦ ~~
• FOR BALE.
$5500 — A new 9-room house, with lot 87:6x
123; in best residence part of Berkeley
and near university; south frontage; the
house is finished in curly redwood and in
every way strictly modern and up-to-date;
5 is now leased for $50 per month, which
Is 11 per cent per annum on the asking
price. • i
WE ALSO HAVE FOR 8ALB.
$5500 — A new U-room house, situated near the
above, and In every way its equal. If not
its superior, and we defy any one ' to
purchase a lot in as select a neighbor-
hood and build aa good a house for the
price at which we are offering this one.
Inspection will convince you that this
Is a barraln.
FOR RENT IN BERKELEY.
$30 per month — 9-room modern hou**t well
finished; fine location.
E. J. BTEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
¦ NEAR th* university grounds: well-built
house of 8 rooms; lot 62x169:6; street work all
done; MUST BE SOLD. /
New house of 7 rooms; pretty aa a pic-
ture; car line pastes tide of house; should
be Inspected.
Fine house of 9 rooms; stable; atone wall:
lot 70x135; near Key route cars. '•-.<¦«
New bouse of 6 rooms, 'about 800 feet from
Key route station.
ONLY $3500.
6 acres of land with cottag*. large barn, etc :
Ir. the center of town; TH EIRE'S MONEY IN
IT.
Just the place for chickens; 210x100- CAN
BE HADFOR $730.
HOPKINS TERRACES.
More than half of the lots In this tract
having been sold, price* will positively be
raised September 6. Call In before that date
and make your selection.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley station.
$3750 each — Two new 6-room houses, complete
in every detail; Dana st., 6 blocks from
University of California., Let us show
you theoe bouses.
Fine home In Daley Scento Park, Scenlo ave-
nue; 9-room house; fruit yard; lot 60x125;
make offer.
$5500— 8-room house; good yard; on Benvenue
ave.
$800— Lota on College ave. ; 40x120; fin* in-
vestment.
$2000 — »V4 acres of land adjoining the Univer-
sity grounds; trees and living water.
R. A. BERRY & COMPANY.
(Successors to Cheney & Berry),
/ Postofflce Block, Berkeley.
$300 CASH ' will build a handsome, modern 6-
room house on a pretty street In a swell
location, balance can be paid at rate of
$20 per month, including- Interest; total
only $22.
$1900 — 6-room house; high basement; on, main
street; up to date in every respect; "street
work completed: close to cars. . ¦
C. C. EMSLIE, the AshSy-ave. Real Estate
Dealer. Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
A TEMPTING OFFER.
$40*0 — A new, 7-room bouse, substantially built
by a reliable contractor (the owner); In' a
good locality, convenient to 4 lines of
cars; hardwood floors.
$6500— Nearly new shingled house, beautifully
located; lot. 90x133; cement walks; street
. work all done; - lot terraced with 3-foot
stone wall; come and see It.
$8200 — Choice lot on Berryman; 80x159; noth-
ing better or cheaper.
MILLS, THE REAL ESTATE MAN,
2167 SHATTUCK AVE.
Al BUSINESS corner at Lorin ; 20 per cent
guaranteed on Investment.
Homes $900 and all prices, according to loca-
tion; terms given.
Choice residence lots $250 and up— bargains;
also ranch property to sell and to rent.
MURDOCK & CO. V
(Lorin Station) South Berkeley.
Phone Derby 896. Open Sundays.
BARGAIN— $1600: 8-room house, well, barn,
chicken-house, • 60 young fruit trees, lot 175x
207; one block north of Corbin station. West
Berkeley. Inquire of F." BEVIS,' on the
rr'ir.ic's.
NEW house; 6" rooms, bath, cement base-
ment: Etna at.,'' nr.' Dwlght: 1 blk. from cars;
- snap at J4750. Owner, box 187, Berkeley.'-
FRUITVALE?ADYERT ? S ? TS
;¦;. gBPTTYAXJe BEAI. ESTATE.
IF you want to know all about Fruitvale and
get", posted '/on '-prices -, send ¦'. for :> the - Real
Estate ' Index: ¦ Published every month • by
JUDSON!* CO., Frultvale, Cal. .
j ALAMEDA ADVERTS'JjTTS
i ALAMEDA EEAL 2STATE.
l BARGAINS. BARGAINS. BARGAINS.
IN ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
AVAIL YOURSELF OF THE OPPORTU-
' N1TY TO PURCHASE A BEAUTIFUL
; MODERN HOME BELOW COST. v
i A modern electric system assured, which
! will double tbe value of real estate. -^ <
PURHASE A HOME IN THE PRET-
TIEST AND BEST KEPI 1 C1TJT IN THE
WORLD.
LOOK O\-ER~Ou5 BARGAINS.
W« cuarantee ycu more for your money
tian you posslbiy can obtain elsewhere.
GET OUR PRICES. INSPECT OUR
; HOMES. TERMS AS EASY AS PAYING
RENT.
$1700 buys a 6-room cottare; large lot; a
bargain. ..^ ;;>. .' '-^'i
$20tX» buys a new 6-room modern cottage;
, a !>t)8i>.
$225O buys a fine 6-room house; lot S3:4x
159; splendid value.
$2500 buys nice modern eottage; all latest
Improvements.
$265o buys modern 6-room oottage; very de-
sirable; cheap. . .
$£5UO buys elegant 7-room house; choice lo-
cation.
$4000 buys 8-room oolonlal houae; must be
: seen to be acorectated.
$4600 buys 8- room cottage; oorner; lot Mx
150; flue location.
$5000 buys H-room house (new); all latest
Improvements; corner lot.
HOMES AT ALL PRICES.
TERMS TO SUIT.
see ua
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1600 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
TEL. ALAMEDA 490. .
HALLY A CO.
: $3000 — Bargain; must be sold, at onoe; a 7-
room, .-story modern house; basement
finished; interior in elegant condition; fins
lawn and ebrubbery: iaige yard, cement
sidewalks; an ideal home; in center of
town; - blooks from 2 different stations;
house nearly new; luck this up; terms.
: $1000 — Good 2-story cot tegs; 4 rooms upstairs
acd 8 rooms downstairs; good lot; all
street work done; near center of town
and electric car line; terms can be had.
, $2000— Elegant 6-room cottage on principal
avenue: near business portion of town;
large lot; house In good condition; rents
for $20 per month; terms can be had.
$2000— ANOTHER SNAP, similar to the above,
close by. These are the best buys in
Alameda.
$1700 — Fine 6-room cottage In splendid loca- :
tlon; good condition; modern: rents for
$18; located in center of town; rare op-
portunity.
$5500 — Fine 11- room modern house; in center
of town: lot 100x150; large barn and tank
houae. well good water, large lawn; fine
location; one bloek from railroad and
electric car line. If you want a good
home cheap this is your chance.
HALLY & CO..
2313 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
Office open to-day.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR RENT,
SEE US.
REMEMBER YOUK INTERESTS WILL BE)
BEST SERVED BY, CALLING ON US.
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
i $1400 — Selling on account of old age; cost
; $2400; this is a snap; 4-room cottage, fruit
i trees, chicken yards, etc; street work all done;
: lot 5Cxl60; better look at this to-day; It's on
i Buena Vista ave., near Willow st.
$1760— Good cottage of 6 rooms; good lot;
: on Lafayette st.
$2000 — We have this cottage In course of
I construction; 5 rooms, Dorcelaln bath, gas and
! electricity; lot SOxlOO; Lafayette st. and Buena
! Vista ave. •
*:;&0i» — This Is absolutely one of the best
I purchases in this beautiful city; modern C-
! room cottaze; rooms all large; fine bath and
i pantry; everything the latest; exterior in white
; cedar shingles; gas and electricity; swell lawn.
$4500 — Nine-room modern borne on Lafayette
st.. near San Jose ave.; lot 50 ft. frontage; re-
member, this is a hard location to beat. ... -v
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.
_____ _ .
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Cottage. 5 large rooms, open plumbing; lot
CSxlSO; barn, 2 box stalls, loft will atore five ,
tons hay; elegant grounds and driveway; price j
i $3650. '¦¦'.-, -;.
A SNAP.
Two-story house cf 7 rooms and bath; lot
60x116; fine grounds; $2500.
Fosa&le in swell location on Morton st. ; two
2-etory houses; one of 8 and one of 8 rooms
and bath; ideal homes and up-to-date In every
particular; lots 40x160; $4500 and $4200.
Al*? fine drug business, with lease for ten
years; Income $20 per day; at $3500.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
BAY STATION,
ALAMEDA. CAL.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$700 — 4-room cottaee; let 30x100.
$1000— 5-room cottage; lot 06x100; near Hlgh-
st. station.
$1200 — 5-room house; near Enclnal ave.
: $1350 — 5-room cottage; Buena Vista ave.
f f 1S5O — 6-room cottage; Alameda ave.
$2500 — 6-room cottage; Lincoln ave.; windmill
and tank; a snap.
$0500 — «>-room cottage; all modern; hot air
', furnace, etc.; n»ar Morton-st. station. ]
I $1*00 — Choice lots on Central ave. ; 50x150.
i $1700 — Choice lots on Santa Clara ave. ; 50x207.
Large list of cottages on hand for rent or
eale.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house; fine marine new;
house Is thoroughly modern: porcelain bath,
etc ; 'cement basement ; S3000.
HAMMOND tt HAMMOND.
The Leadinr and Reliable Agents,
1422 PARK 8T.
FOR sale — Fine 6-room cottare,, now bnllfllng;
lot nOxlOS. Call and see it at 1530 Union
f\., Alameda- ' : <¦ ...
j ALAMEDA TTTJUnSWEJ} gOTT8Xs7~
FOR rent — House of 10 rooms, all well fur-
nished and all modern conveniences: nice
lawn and ehrubbory; splendid location; near
Morton-et. station; party going East: rent
low. Inquire of J. 6. HANLEY. 1310 Park
ft.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBXEI.EY REAI. ESTATE.
REAL BARGAINS IN BERKELEY
PROPERTY.
$600— Lot 60x120; paved street; nice loca-
tion; near Berkeley business center.
$850— Lot 50x130; corner; both streets paved;
near university.
$900— Sightly west front lot; 60x133; en
Grove st.
$1.650— Choice building lot; east of 8hattuek;
close to university and trains.
$1,650 — A bunch of four good lots on paved
street: only three blocks from Dwight
way station.
$2,200 — Modern, five-room eottare; nearly
new; large corner lot; paved streets.
$3,200 — 7 rooms; new; modern; sunny; sightly
situation: sear station.
$S,800 — 7 rooms; modern; nearly new; paneled
dining-room; corner lot; owner anxious
to sell; price rut; east of Dana.
$4. COO — 5 rooms; new: elegant, finish; good
basement; choice location: fine views;
east of Shattuck; near station. ¦
$3,000 — 8 rooms and attic; new; attractive;
well built; elegant location.
$6,250— Lot 100x120; strictly choice location;
near U. C. on the south; no more valu-
able ground for flats or rooming-houses;
worth $6000.
$7,250—12 rooms; , elegant: finely finished;
choice corner lot: very desirable loca-
tion; near university.
$11,000— A large corner lot In business see-
] tlon; nut of ground built on; leased*
; annual income S776; this Is • th* best
i bargain offered In Berkeley businecs
property.
$25,000 — Corner; 260 feet of frontag* In a valu-
able businecs section; on* lot built on
and' bringing a good Income; se« this
LTTJAN ALLEN, 2129 Center st.
WHAT WE HAVE In the way of BARGAINS:
For $4*3i»0. one of the prettiest home* In the*
I Scen'.c Park tract to-day, with location unsur-
1 passed: lot 50*125. - •
i $2050 will also buy you a 7-room home In
North Berkeley, "with unobstructed view of Ean
Fnmrisco Bay. - "
$100 down and $15 per month will secure you
a lot 4Sxl20, with all Etreet work done and
sidewalks laid, east of Fulton st.. South
Berkeley.
We *1fo have many other little bargains
which we would be glad to. show. you. Call
i and st* us. .
W. J. MORTIMER * CO..
2123 Center *L, Berkeley.
; Main entrance U. C.
" | , TO RENT. ~*
In the best part cf town, fine corner house of
10 rooms, basement and attic: rent $60.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Berkeley station. .
: NEW 7-room. bouse, lair* lotl $4000: Parker st.,
near Dana. Berkeley. W. J5. FRENCH. 1811
Plae st, San ' Franclso*. ' .* . • - .
FRUITVALE ADV^SMNTS
rRUrrVAIjE BEAI. ESTATE.
J SYNDICATE 8
INVESTMENT COMPANY.
It BAL ESTATE,
INSURANCE
MONEY TO LOAN,
FRUITVALE, ALAMEDA COUNTY. CAL.
Valentine G. Hush, . •¦¦.<. S. R. Thome,
President. Secretary.
First National Bank, S. F.,
Treasurer. »
Frultvale will be materially benefited by San
Francisco's expenditure of 517.0CO.00O for public
improvements.
WHY?
Because the money to be thus expended will
benefit mechanics, laborers and all classes of
business men, giving them plenty of work,
good wages und business and enabling them to
have a surplus with which to buy homes, and
they can buy their homes here in Frultvale
better and cheaper than any other place around
the bay, and for tbe following five reasons:
First — They can own their own homes— th*
monthly payments beln? much less than city
rents, which bave doubled in the past two
years.
Second — Quick and cheap transportation to
Ean Francisco; commutation tickets $3 per
month.
* Third — Tbe same advantage* that are of-
fered In the city — namely, water, jras, elf o-
trlclty, sewers, fine roads, churches and
schools. ¦ * :- \
Fourth — No city taxes, only . State and
county.
Fifth— Besides all the above. Fruit-rale ts
noted for her wonderfully fine climate, un-
doubtedly the best around the bay; her fruits,
flowers and shade trees, and her law-abiding
citlsens make Frultvale an Ideal place to live.
Our list is so large and so varied In prloe
that it would be useless to advertise the dif-
ferent styles and advantages of each separat*
property, but wo can show you 2-room, 3-
room and on up to 10 and 12 room houses, and
at prices ranging from $500 to $20,000.
Property bought to-day will, without doubt,
advance in price during the coming year suf-
ficient to pay, not only a good Interest, but also
to give rent free. _^
We feel that If you wilt call and give us th*
privilege of drtvlna- you about Frultvale that
you will decide, as many have done, to buy and
settle in Fruitvale.
Largest List,
Lowest Prices,
Choicest Lots.
Easiest Terms.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Corner Bassltt and Putnam sts.,
Fruitvale. Cal.
PHONE ASH 587. *
CHAS. F. LEK. Phono Vale 298.
Offlc* one-half block from Fruitvale Station.
$1250 — Nice chicken ranch; good 4-room
cottage; lots of fruit trees; lovely sandy
loam soil; well sheltered; close to street cars
and graded school; lot 100x125.
$2200 — Chicken ranch; new houy of 6 rma.;
chicken houses and yards; young fruit trees;
large fine shade trees; nice creek; fine loca-
tion; close to school and street cars; lot
125x200. -
$2100 — Splendid house of- 6 rms., pantries;
fine well, also city v.ate:* fruit trees and
flowers, all surrounded by a picket and wire
fence: lot 100x200.
$1150 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 rms.; high
basement; fine well of splendid water;
chicken houses and yards; property nicely
fenced ; close to Graded school, postofflce
and church; lot 50x100.
$1300 — A big snap; new B-rra., large pan-
try, bathroom, two-story shingled houss;
close to local train and street cars; nice
large lot; street sewered and macadamized.
$1500 — New Just completed Bastlake cot-
tase; 4 large rma, bath, pantry; stationary
tubs; street work all done; sewered; close
to depot and street car*; right in the heart
of town and only $300 cash required; bal-
ance $14 65 monthly.
$1700 — Just finished; handsome colonial
co'jage of 5 rms., bath, pantry; high base-
ment; close to fine school, local train and
street cara; lot 3Sxl23.
$1250 — Nice cottage of 4 ras.; fine well,
mountain water; young fruit trees; all kinds
of small fruits and vegetables; splendid
sandy loam soil; will make fine chicken
ranch: elegant .view; no winds or fogs; lot
100x245: close to street cars.
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN AND EAST
MONTHLY PAYMENTS CAN BE MADE
ON ANY OF MY PROPERTIES.
v Fine lot on Frultvale ave.. 40x120, $900.
Choice corner, 60x125, only $750; street
work all done, also sewered.
$12 a foot for the choicest property on
Peralta ave.; high level land; close to street
cars; street macadamized and sewered; gas*
and electrio lights; surrounded by beautiful
homes; will build you a home In this tract
on easy monthly payments.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee tract:
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly go-
ing up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots
only $75 each; $3 down, bal. $2 60 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 FTultvsfle ave.
H. BARKMEYER.
1200 Frultvale are., Frultvale Station. Cal.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$75 and up, $20 down.
$5 and $10 per month.
Acreage $600 and up.
$1250— New cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished
pantry, closets, etc.; good well and pump
on back porch; lot 50x300, fronting on 2
streets: 3 blocks from car line; terms If
desired.
$250 cash, balance $12 per month; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement;
lot GOxllO; fronting on two streets; high
elevation; conventent to schools; price all
told S13S0. .
$1400 — New modern cottaee of 3 large, rooms
and bath: fine pantry closets, etc.; city
water; large lot, 80x132:6; all fenced; one
block from electric car line.
$1575 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, large
pantry, clopets, . etc. ; high basement: lot
60x133; nice flowers and fruit trees, barn
and buggy shed, driveway, etc; near car
line; in walking distance to local trains;
worth investigating.
$2200— Almost new cottage of 4 larg* rooms
snd bath; all modern; pantry, closets,
etc., electric light, city • water, also good
well, small barn; lot 75x185: variety of
flowers and fruit; trees in bearing; fine
location: convenient to school and car
line; terms If desired. *
$2350^— Desirable home; cottage of 4 large
rooms, reception hall, closets, pantry,
bathroom, etc; high basement: lot 64 x
8S0, In bearing orchard; on macadamized
road; near school; reasonable terms if
desired.
IQOOO — Ideal country home; Z\ acres of choice
land, variety of fruit trees in bearing; fine
lawn, flowers and large palms; modern
cottage of 6 la re* rooms and bath; por-
celain bath tub; fine mantel and fireplace;
folding doors, etc.; high basement; two-
story rustic barn, extra good well, wind-
mtirand tank; all In first-class condition.
See these before buying elsewhere, they are
bargains. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
Near Fruitvale Station. Cal. .
ELROD St HULL.
$1500: 4-room cottage; new: high base-
ment; in rood neighborhood; near fine school:
$400 cash, balance loan at 8 per cent: lot
60x110.
42 $1000; 4-room cottage; city water; chtck.
en house*; 3 blocks from car line; near school;
lot 73x108.
45 $1100: 4-room cottare; on oorner lot: 2
blocks . to local station; cash required, $250,
balance same as rent.
23— $3250: 6-room cottare; abundance of
flowers and fruit: ornamental trees; . gravel
walks and drive: magnificent view; an Ideal
home; lot 123x126.
$2500; 6-room house of two stories, new; cor-
ner lot: cement .walks: on - TelegrapTi ave.:
this place can be sold with a small payment
down, balance in monthly payments; this Is
a good investment. , /
We have some acreage traces for sale at
meet reasonable ¦ prices, with small payment
down, - balance In • lntallments.
We have lots that can be bought for $20
cash,' balance $5 to $10 per month.
ELROD & HULL. 1310 Fruitvale av*.
.Phone Brook 1851. r 1 "?-, '
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets . graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: 'lots from $50 to $200: $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. . Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
IF you wish to buy or sell real estate or per-
sonal property, . or. If you . wish to rent or
lease any kind of property, . call on J. W.
WILBUR & CO.. Upper Fruitvale. Dlmond
P. O.. Alameda Co., Cal.
BARGAIN— $2500; complete chicken ranch. In
Frultvale; stocked with fine white X«ghorn
chickens: part cash, balance $10 per month.
Box 1370. Call office. , Oakland. v, -; •
$600— A' LEVEL lot. 60x125; pleasant neUh-
'borhood; two minutes' walk from depot; this
is a bargain. Box 840. Call office.
FOR SALE— $2730; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. ' S: AUSTIN. 1101 ; Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open untlf 11 p. m. ' ..¦.-¦
... _ i g3BPI T7 A1 ' I! * OOMS '
8 FURNISHED housekeeping rms. ; closet, pan-
try, bath, laun.,& yd. 1417 Fremont: av.,Ftvl*.
BERKELE Y ADVERT'S'NTS
BERIT.EX.EV REAt ESTATE
J J ; | r t
/)/»//></ ______ -* ir _»___.
J*J 1 1 II __hl [ mgg |__
! BUILDING lots at Dwlght way station, Berke-
• ¦¦ ley, fronting on Shattuck ave., AVard, Der-
by. Fulton and Ellsworth Bts. ; street work
complete, sewered, graded and macadamized;
splendid surroundings: new buildincs; on
line of Southern Pacific and Key route; lots
60x134:6 each; prices $300 to $1100 each.
Terms if you want them. ¦_,_;-;
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Sole Agents.
28 Post at.. Ban Francisco.
A SNAP THAT CAN'T BE BEAT.
$500— Lots 40x183; we have a few desirable
bulldinjr lots, well located, on a good
street, that we are authorised to sell by
a non-resident owner, on terms- of $100
cash and $10 pet month Installments;
street work and sidewalk done; they will
go fast at these terms, so don't delay if
you want one.
$2625 — Dainty little 5-room cottage; this is
- worth Investigating.
$3800 — Five-room cottage, in good location;
large lot, 60x135.
I $S750 — New 6-room houae; close to university,
I car line and trains.
$4000 — New 8-roora house, on north side of
street; worth Beetng.
$4600 — Fine new hou*e in one of the ntwest
and prettiest parts' in Berkeley; 8 rooms;
large lot. . v u ;/- ,
$6750 — Elegant 9-room bouse in the Daley
Scenio Park Tract. •
„ JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck av*.
Carriage always in attendance.
A BUSINESS PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$12,500.
Fin* corner fronting on Shattuck ave.; this
property should double Itself in five years and
U the cheapest property In the vicinity.
JUSTER A BAIRD. 2187 Shattuck ave.
LOTS IN THE RICHARDS TRACT.
We have some magnificent building lots
fronting on Channlng; Piedmont and Durant
aves.; this is the most beautiful, as well as
the most desirable part of Berkeley, and. Is
situated within a block of the car line; the
street wcrk and sidewalks are done, as well
as gas, water and electrio lights on all the
streets; prices will be furnished on application;
also map showing subdivision. —
JUSTEK & BAIRD. 2137 Shnttuck av*.
ALBEE & CORYELL,
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$1.000 — 6-r cottage near cor. Ashby ave. and
San Pablo; large lot.
$1,650— 5-r. cottage: Delaware et.: $280 cash,
balance as rent.
$2,400 — 5-r. cottage near Ashby ave.; $300
cash, easy terms on balance.
$3,500 — 7-r. house; new; sunny - and central
location; large lot; $500 cash, balance
as rent.
$4,000— 8-r house; new: Walnut st.; fronts
the bay; desirable location for a home.
$5.500— 10-r. house; Bancroft way; south
frBntage; near U. C.
$7.500 — 10-r. house and barn; Durant ave.:
south frontage; large lot; best location.
$C00— Residence lot near station; street
work completed. •"¦ ," .•?•
$2,400 will buy 80 ft., 2 residence lots, on
Blake st.." bet. Dana and Ellsworth; a
real snap!
SI. 250 buys lot, 60x148, Berry-Bangs Tract;
most desirable location. v
$2,100 buys flr.e residence corner, fronting
south and east, in Berry- Bangs Tract;
a bergratn'.
Resid'.i.ce lots in all parts of Berkeley.
$14,000— Business property; pays 0 per cent net.
$30.000 — Business property; pays 6 per cent n«t.
MS.500 — Best available business lot in the clty. s
' $23,000 — Best available business corner in the
city. •
; ALBEE & CORYELL,
; 2133 Center st.. Berkeley, Cal.
SEB US AT ONCE.
THIS PLACE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
A fine 6-room rouse on let 40x133 for $2200;
$2C0 down. $15 monthly payments.
A nice corner lot with fine 6-room house;
$250 down, $25 per month.
One of the nicest homes in Berkeley, finely
furnished, for rent;
Two brand new houses ?of 6 rooms, three
blocks from Berkeley station; $2600 each, $23
monthly payments.
We have a beautiful home for sale for $5500
wh'.ch is worth $8000; must be sold at once;
part cf house finished in oak, rest in hard-
wood; lot 75x150; fruit trees, vines, etc.
A beautiful new house of 8 rooms in the
finest location in Berkeley for $1750; brand
new; easy terms.
A 4 room cottace upon a lot 60x132 for $000;
tbe lot is worth more than selling price; $250
down, rest easy terms.
If you have a emalh amount of money to
Invest, call and sec us; we will do the rest.
Insurance solicited; rents collected.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM,
2131 Center st.
$3C00— ON Durant ave., east of Shattuck:
nice house of 6 rooms; carpets on thn
floors; new gas range, Deasy heater at-
tached; lovely flowers and lawn; lot- 40x
130; this is less than they are asking for
vacant lots In the block adjoining; parties
going to move and possession given on
September 15; a genuine snap.
$2750 — New 6-room house on Channlng way;
street work done; electric lights, fuel gas:
8 blocks from Dwlcht-way station; this
is great bargain.
$4000 — New 7-roonl house on corner; lot 47 feet
frontage; beet of plumbing; solid brass
hardware and fittings; fine view; on street
car line; pear station;. this is choice.
$3150 — 6-room house; tinted walls, fine fixtures,
best plumbing and hardware; street work
finished; near High School; a snap.
$4000 — Special for one week; 7-room house
near Dwight way; south frontage; best of
fixtures and hardware.
F. H. LAWTON.
2147 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
REALLY GOOD REAL ESTATE, ON WHICH
YOU CAN REALIZE.
$50 cash buys a $375 lot; finely located; don't
miss it.
If you want a country home within SO mln-
utei of the city see this bargain; 4 acres; 0-
ruom modern, house; orchard; meadow ;• sta-
bles; running water: beautiful trees of all
kinds: sacrificed at $0000; house alone cost
$10,000.
W. C. MORAN, . Lorin Station.
South Berkeley.
BARGAIN— 5-room cottage; high basement;
bath; pantry; folding doors; mantel; bay
window; brick foundation; windmill and
tank; also stable and chicken-bouse; lot 60x
100; fruit trees and flower garden: close to
Key Route and 6. P. stations; price $2000:
terms $250 cash, bal. $18 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin eta., S. Berkeley; open Sun.
NEW cottage. 6 rooms and bath, pantry, man-,
tie, folding doors, china closet, high base-
ment, concrete foundation, bay window; citv
water; lot 40x100; street work and sidewalks
done; close to station. Key Route arfd S P ¦
price $2200; terms $150 cash, balance sam»
as rent. O. A; RUDOLPH, Lorin station.
South Berkeley; open Sundays.
BARGAIN — 8-room eottage: lot 80x100; nice
garden; good well; all fenced and cross-
fenced: close to station and electrio cart;
price $000; terms If desired. ' O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorin station. South Berkeley; open
Sundays.
LOTS In the McGee Tract selling very rapidly;
don't fall to take the opportunity to buy now.
Several new houses are going up o»d a num-
ber of contracts are closed for more, which
will b* a credit to the neighborhood, in-
cluding on* on Grove at. for $6300; street
work Included in prices, ranging from $600
to $1250. Apply
FRANCIS FEKRIER,
2121 SHATTUCK AVE.
A FEW more good lots east of Telegraph ave.
at $10 per foot.
Good 8-room bous* to rant; $82 60; near Key
and a P. station. : -
$7000— Hou*« of 17 i rooms, '2 baths, etc. ;
close to university, in best part' of Berkeley;
must be sold to close estate.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 1
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
SNAPS In cottages and lots; ranches for.sale
in Oakland and Frultvale; also property for
sal* and exchange In any part of United
States; call on me before buying elsewhere;
no charge for conveyance to you to what we
have. L. BLODGETT. 1101 . East Fifteenth
et., Oakland. t •
$2000— SIX Rood-sited rooms, large bath, pan-
try and laundry, allon one floor; street work
- and cement sidewalks all done; plum, prune
and pear trees; the view la fine; lot 40x135;
only .3 minutes from steam cars. See owner
1825 Henry art. Berkeley,- Cal.
$3MXV— BARGAIN; large lot and sun In It, too;
6 rooms with bath, laundry and, cellar; mod-
ern: $600 each; balance easy; close In; fin-
ished street. See GILLIHAN at Cheney tt
Berry's, P. O. Block, Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADYERT ? S ? TS
; j PBTJITVAM BEAI. ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL, Real Estate Agent, corner
Frultvale ave. and Washington st., Frult-
- vale, Cal.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$1030 — Cottase of 4 rooms: city water; good
sewer; lot 113x179; 50 bearing fruit trees,
7 chicken-houses and barn; corner lot.
$050 — House, 4 rooms; city water; sewer; lot
25x125; on macadamized street; 4 blocks
from station: 1 block from school; terms
$400 cash, balance about $<? per month. .
$1450 — Cozy modern cottage. 4 large rooms
and bath: 1 block from Fruitvale-ave.
car; lot 35x140; terms $800 cash, bal-
ance S per cent loon.
For rent — cottage. 4 ¦ rooms; 3 blocks from
station; rent $15 per month.
For rent — Cottage, 4 rooms, with lot 100x100;
1 mile from station; $11.
Properties from $S5O to $10,000.
Money to loan for building purposes. Acci-
dent, fire and life Insurance.
W. E. RUDELL, Real Estate, cor. Fniit-
vale ave. and Washington st.. Frultvale. Cal.
I. U SAXTON. FRUITVALE.
$950— New cottage, 8 large room*, pantry,
clothes closet, hot and rold water, bath, sta-
tionary tubs, all modern; can be bought on
easy terms.
$1660— New cottage. 4 large rooms; all mod-
ern; 2 blocks from station.
$600 — Income ranch; ' fruit, berries, .vege-
tables; equipped for raising stock of all kinds,
also chickens and pigeons; large house, barn,
windmill and tank; water in houae and
¦rounds; win take house In East Oakland in
part payment, balance can remain on ranch.
Modern eottage, 4 rooms; lot 60x123; fruit
trees, garden, chicken-house; one block off
Frultvale ave.: one block from school; $12
rent.
I. L. SAXTON, Fraltrale ave»,
near station, phone Vale 1781. ' ' " '
.OAKLAND ADVERT'S'arTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAgLAWD gJBAI. ESTATB.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
: ' • 460-462 Eighth St.. OAKLAND.
$90,000 — Central business) block; owner will
lease from buyer; paying 6 per cent net;
fine future value.
$40,000 — Improved business corner; lOQslOO; ad-
joins banking center; paya 7% per cent;
sure to double.
GROUND FLOOR INVESTMENT.
Whole block; 1000 ft. frontage; 120 ft. eleva-
tion; grand view; lots 150 to 200 ft. deep;
' near rapid transit service; will treble
In value; buy now; will be sacrificed.
BANK SNAP.
$7,800 — $2500 lees than mortgage; corner, ISOx
100; house 0 rooms; eaay walk to locals
and Broadway. Must be sold.
$4.000 — Mortgage forcing sale; pair modern
flats; 5 rooms each: pay 14 per cent; S
minutes' walk to City Hall.
$1,000 — Grove st. corner; 60x90; cheap.
LINDA VISTA COTTAGE. V"Y
$2.S50 — Pretty cottage. B and bath; basement;
gae; mantel; 30x126; swell neighborhood;
10 minutes" walk to Piedmont Key
route terminal.
BELLA VISTA.
$4.500 — Fine modern home; 8 rooms: curled
redwood finish; up-to-date; grand view;
60x145; climate unsurpassed; rapid tran-
, sit service.
$2,500 — Two story: 10 rooms; arranged for
flats; rent $27; 5 minutes' walk to Key
route; south of 40th st.
$2,250 — Modern Swiss colonial cottage: 6 and
bath; street work complete; 25x123; 4>
blocks this side of 40th st.; bargain.
$1,730 — Choice corner; GOxlCO; near City Park.
$2,500— Modern cottage; 5 and bath; basement;
near ISth and Brush.
$300 — Lot 40x110. near San Pablo ave.
$2,100 — Modern cottage; 6 and bath; basement;
mantel; electricity; street work done;
«>•—. 83x135; near S. P. and Key 'route sta-
tions; easy terms.
$650 — Terraced lot: 60x120; Clinton station.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND. ,
' CAPITALISTS. ATTENTION t
NB. COR. BAN PABLO AVE. AND EIGHT-
EENTH ST.
' We have, after much negotiating, an exclu-
sive authorization to sell the above fine business
lot. the only unimproved corner Inside of
Twentieth st. on San Pablo ave., the coming
Market street of Oakland; business all around
it; opposite 4-story hotel; one block between
this and the new blocks of A. A. Moore, the
well-known attorney, and Capitalist George W.
McNoar's new block Just - finished; Just north
of Banker HenshaWs famous deal; 3 blocks
of Capitalist Henry Butters', new block, built
4 months ago, anr 1 . now being- torn down and
mads larger on »ocount of increased business;
San Pablo ave. Is the street: ask any one;
ask the business people on the street; walk
down the street and see for yourself; and when I
•uch well-known financiers put their money
here there Is no element of chance In this
Investment; the price la $200 per foot below
adjoining values, and nothing for sale.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE
BUY WHILE YOU CAN GET IT
EXCLUSIVE SALES AGENTS
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4eo and 402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. * CO..
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE AND
FINANCIAL AGENTS.
TELEPHONES CEDAR 851.
1236 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
HANDSOME BUNOALOW.
$3,760 — Six large rooms connecting by folding
doors; handsome staircase; front finished
with buff brick: large lot; one block from
Key route: fine lake view; a dandy In
trrery respect. D
BUSINESS' INVESTMENT. "V
$7,600— Fcur stores: lot 60x100 feet; between
Broadway and Washington sts. ; Income
$840 per annum; ground alone worth
more than the price asked. R
CONSIDER* THIS CARKTULLY.
$21,0C0 — Business corner on Broadway, 100x120
feet; Improvements, stores on first floor,
fiats above; paying $1850 per annum net;
ground alone is worth the price, and
buildings are worth at least $12,000: our
contract soon expires, when prloe will b«
materially advanced. We earnestly re-
quMt Investigation.
RE5STDKNCB LOTS OUR 8PECIAX.TT.
Let us show you Peralta Heights, Morse
Tract, Lake Merritt Park. Boulevard Heights.
Lake View Terrace and a few specials in
Linda Vista, Vernon Heights and Piedmont.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.
ONLY $80 par frost foot; several elegant rest-
dene* lots on the boulevard, facing Lake
Merritt: several elegant homes constructed
this year and more in the course of erection;
over 700 feet already sold; get In before it
is all gone. -
J. H. MACDONALD * CO..
1052 Broadway.
X-OT8. I/>TS. . . LOTS.
g» Only on* block from Key routs station. 40th
st. and Telegraph ave.: train* every twenty
minutes; monthly round trip tickets $3: only
thirty minutes' ride to San Francisco; no
houses for -rent.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY.
Real Estate Agent and Owner,
Key Route Station. 40th st. and Telegraph ave..
TO lease for a term of "-ears, a lot 73x100,
within H block of Broadway; ¦ good location
for apartment-house or stores. Foe particu-
lars apply to . - . ,
/- J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway, Oakland.
$3150— SEVEN-ROOM house, toilet, washtubs.
gas: cement walks;; barn, chicken-houses,
fruit trees, assorted berries, flowers galore.
70 rose bushee; 2 minutes to 3 car lines. -7
minutes to -local station; lot • 75x150*. more
. ground . lf> wanted. Owner, 1620 Thirteenth
ave., Oakland. 1
SNAP — Cheapest buy In . Oakland; 6. rooms,
newly papered, grained, lincrustas; fine gar-
den: tiled sink; street work done; 4 minutes
8. .P., or Key rout?: 37:6x133; • take Key
route, 'get off at Hollls; $1450. 137 Han-
nah st. . North Oakland.
NEW 5-room cottage with gas and bath; . lot
40x100; two. blocks from San Pablo ave.
station: price $2000: small cash . payment.
THE LANE CO., Fortieth and San Pablo
ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYT ? SM'NTS.
OAELAKS B£AL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.,
10C0 EROADWAV. OAKLAND.
UNIMPROVED.
$20 per foot, on Broadway; 109 feet front-
age; extra depth: snap.
$S00 — Fine corner on the Key route system:
close to -1th and Market sts. ; 37:6x100;
will surely double in near future; street
work complete.
C.E.D.
$375 — Sightly lots; 40x1^0; street work com-
plete; close to rars. schocls, etc.; goud
location and surroundings.
$3500 — Beautiful northeast corner In Land*
Vista Terrace; 7Sxll"7.
IMPROVED.
$2400— Nearly new 1^-story Queen Anna
house; 6 rooms and bath; convenient to
Key route.
$3800— Nearly new house; 7 rooms and bath;
close to 40th st. and TelegTaph ave. Key
route station: newly painted; very desir-
able home; 50-foot lot.
142
$3000 — New 8-room house; convenient ta town;
sunny side of street; can be bought on
easy terms.
$2600— New Colonial house; 7 large rooms; fine
dining-room; modern In every detail;
sunny side; lot 85x106; close- to schools,
cars and Key route train; fine view of
Berkeley and Golden Gate; small payment
down, balance on easy monthly payments.
2004
$3250— Bungalow cottage; 5 rooms; thoroughly
up-to-date; novel arrangement of dining-
room; lot 40x125; overlooking Lake Mer-
ritt and Adams Park and Conservatory ;
convenient to town.
U&
$6500 — Beautiful 8-room house on sunny cor-
ner, within * blocks of Broadway; aristo-
cratic neighborhood.
212^
$3250 — 6-room Colonial cottage; north side: lot
50x115; flowers in profusion; 4 'mlnutea
walk to Fortieth st. Key route station.
HOLCOMB. BREED tt BANCROFT, Ino.,
1CK50 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
467 NINTH STREET.
$2600— ONLY $500 DOWN.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 50x100.
36th St.. bet. GROVE AND TELEGRAPH.
$3750— REDUCED FROM $4250.
ONLY $750 DOWN.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 40x183.
8ANTA CLARA AVBS., nr. OAKLAND AVB.
$4750— SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
NEW AND MODERN
IN EVERY PARTICULAR.
LOT 40x140.
81st St., bet. TELEGRAPH AND GROVB.
$3250 $5250. $5250.
New and modern; 7 rooms and bath.
Finished In Oregon yellow pine.
Dining-room has beam celling.
Cozy corners throughout house.
Artistically constructed den.
Inlaid floors.
Dining-room finished in veneered blue myrtle.
Beautiful plate leader glass windows.
NO EXPENSE HAS BEEN SPARED TO
MAKE THIS PLACE THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP-TO-DATE. SITUATED AS IT
IS ON THE NICEST RESIDENCE
STREET, BETWEEN THE TOO BEST
CROSS STREETS. TELEGRAPH AVENUE
AND GROVE STREET. IT IS BOUND TO
COMMEND ITSELF TO THE MOST FAS-
TIDIOUS; LOT 40x140. OR MORE GROUND
MAY BE HAD IF DESIRED.
A. J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
-. —- 467 Ninth Street. Oakland.
A FEW SNAP BARGAINS
BY
HOWE. 954 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND, CAL.
$2500—
Halt a block and $830 improvements la
East Oakland; high grounds, fine view, 6
blocks from boulevard and 4 blocks from 4th
ave. car line; this is only one-half the value,
according to values of adjacent lots; will give
term 9 or accept offer for all cash.
$1300 —
Part cash; a 6-room rural cottage; lot 2Sx
10O feet; on 30th st.. near San Pablo ave.; lot
alone Is worth $1050; street and sewerage done.
$475—
A beautiful plat of ground, furnished cabin
and a fine well of water all for $475 If soil
within 5 days; fine place for pigeon farm or for
chickens; between Elm hurst and Frultvale; a
sacrifice of about one-half value for quick sale.
(LOTS)— BEST BARGAINS IN LOTS IN
* OAKLAND.
$ieo—
A beauty; 40x133; «n Uoss are., oae bloek
from Haywards car line; reduced^ from $250;
must be sold quick to raise cash.
$650— :
A snap; corner lot on Linden and Thirtieth
sts.; 81:9x90. .
THE E. P. VANT/ERCOOK COMPANY.
1018 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$4000— Modern two-story house on T-d St., be-
tween two car lines: large lot; house
finished in most convenient and artistia
way; large reception hall, pantry, pass
closets, etc.
$COCO — New house of seven rooms; finished la
"curly" redwood, dining-room walls pan-
eled with "burl" redwood; large living-
room; gas and electric lights; high ground:
one block to Telegraph ave. and 30th st.
These two places must be seen to b« appre-
ciated.
I<et us send yon one o! ecr new pamphlets,
whlcn gives much useful Information about
Oakland and Alameda County, also a list of
: choice places for sale. — JUST THE THING TO
i SEfND TO TOUR EASTERN FRIEND9.
I TBS E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY.
1016 Broadway, OAKLAND.
and ROOM 222 MILLS BLDG..
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI».
$1700 — Secures a very comfortable five-room
high basement cottage; lot 123 feet deep;
'now rented to Al tenant; Fourth avenue,
near ferry atatlon; very easy terms to
effect Immediate sale.
$3993 60 — Price of strictly modern two- story
home of seven rooms; finest sanitary
nickel open plumbing; combination elec-
trio and ¦ gas fixturing; fuel gas main:
blrdseye maple mantel; spacious terraced
lot; very deep; in lawn; No. 643 37th st.,
which Is. the most completely built 60-
foot thoroughfare in the city; Is between
Grove at. and Telegraph ave. ; S3 minutes
via Key route to San Francisco; see owner
at 567 37th St.. or
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo ave.
Real Estate. Loans. Insurance.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3250 — New modern 6-rocm house, with lot
87x100, in chotcrs location on 21th St., E. Oak-
land.
$5750^ — Beautiful home of S rooms, with
elegant furniture: must be sold; account own-
er's departure; lot 50xlCO; sunny exposure;
near Grove «t.
$:'.0CO — Another E. Oakland bargain;' fine 2-
story 7-room residence, and lot 45x100: splen-
didly located en 13th ave.: easy term*. .- . '
$950 — Reduced for a quick sale: extra
choice resident elte; 40x115 feet: in beauti-
ful College Heights; 34th and Webster st«.
$S0O— Elegant terraced lot. 40x140. on the
crown of the hill; 7th ave. and E..2Cth St.:
grand view; surrounded by beautiful homes.
$25C0— Fine 6-room cottage: right In center
of town and the best bargain ever offered.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$1000 CASH. $12 monthly; chicken ranch; cot-
tage of 3 rooms. Brooding-house 14x30. barn
12x16 2 fine chicken houses, Al brooder. 2
incubators. 12 lot?. 150x256. all fenced an<1
cross-fenced, fine well of water; sandy loam
soil; an ideal ranch for chicken business:
near electric cars and Urge public school,
etc., adjoining East Oakland; call or send
for circular, 453 Seventh st., cpp. Broadway
station. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, Land Owner.
JCOOO— FINE home en Telegraph ave.: thor-
oughly modern and up to date in every par-
ticular: 9 rooms: barn and driveway: lot t>Ox
. 15<>, on corner; beautiful grounds; abundance
of flowers and shrubbery; price reduced from
$c-co .
$E0 oer front foot fcr lot on Web3t*r St..
close In: Just tfce thins for flats: tot 35xlO«.
C. K. MARSHALL. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$3000— 6-ROOM hou!»* and bam: corner llth
ave. and 23d St., East Oakland.
$1SOO — Cottase adjoining above: must b«
sold to close estate. Make offer to DR. F.
O. BAIRD. Administrator. 502 Sutter st..5.F.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
menta See Page 42.
CAN KATIO SEAL E STATE.^_^^
EAN MATKO BAN MATEO
THE FINEFT SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
rropertles. villa sites «^d acreage. Don't fail
to i»e« us before buy'.r.g. Investigate San
i!atto Park. Tfcc ideal property of them all.
Luts of about cr.e acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most vsluable. See our local
egtnt, Frank S. Brurr.rr.on. Sftn Mateo office
ci».n Sunday*.
BALD\N IN & HOWELL. 23 Pest st.
LOM1TA 1'ArtK— On line of Fan Mateo elec-
tric rar>; 4.'» minutes Irrnn r.th and Market
»tf.; uauidc •!;• fog belt ar.o Just beyond
Iv. I., re Jh« fc". 1». Co.s bay shore '•cutW
nriU ;o:n tS:e j.ialn line; second subdivision
rorv ;*in? attamii 50- foot lots lrom $400 up:
term*. (Irs: two fubUivlslons cr.ly $10 down
and $10 a nvjulh; *e«ver ana water plj>es in
fn,nt of every lot: pure artesian well w?.ter;
Jialf ll.e lots' In subdivision No. 1 were sold
in tv.«> weeks; an exceptloral orrortunlty
to secure a l"t In this o«:r»b!« section on
rtj\' termr: take the electric care and get
rfT "at I/OMITA TAIUC; map* ««>t on appli-
cation.
SELBT. ROL'-GESS ic CO..
Tel Main 673. 116 California St. »
BEAUTIFUL home in Belmont. San Mat^o
Ounty near station: modern: reasonable
tern-.*. W. XV. GRIFFIN. 3182 Twenty-
vecond et., San FranclROO.
2SE2TX.O PABS SEAT* ESTATE.
t200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4 -acre
tract, back of Fair Oaka; water and good
reads; laet cf this property left; H caah.
Mer.lo Perk — A fine country home.- with
sp.ecdld garden and magnificent trees; well
ballt. cld-fashloned house In good condition;
for tale at a bargain; 15 acrea, all improved.
Fair Oaks- Land in best part cf this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; in tracts of
frcm 4 to 25 acrea; special terms to those
building Immediately.
SELBT, RODGER3 & CO..
Telephone Mala 673. 116 California st.
POIBT BICHJgQIgP 3XEAI. ESTATE.
FACTORY site — On lines cf Southern Padia
and Sasta Fe roads and proposed slectrts
line to Oakland; Kclld ground ; abundance of
water; electric ixjwer within .*KK> feet of
rroperty; terrc!nal rates over both railroads
fcela can secure town accommodations; this
is the best and has the most facilities of
any site offered for sole en the continental
side cf Ear. Francisco Eay. For price and ,
full particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD £ CO..!
10T.2 Broadway. Oakland. ;
FINE POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
*5 PER MONTH.
ALL LEVEL. STREETS GRADED.
i INEST LOTS TO BUT.
THE 6ANTA FE TRACT.
McE"\VEN EROS.. 118 MONTGOMERT ST..
SOLE AGENTS.
EX Air ESTATE — SUB USB AST.
FINE hillside home of 87 acrea, one mile
from Kayaxrds; 4 acres orchard; fine house,
bam. modern improvements; grand view;
reduced to (5000 fcr quick sale. Address
119 New Montgomery »t_. 6. F., on week
cays.
BEAXi ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
KEALTT EXCHANGE COMPANT.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
6U1TE 807-SOS CALL BUILDING.
It Is ::-„¦..-:-.•.:>• tbe case that a party wtrhes I
t- cell his holding* for the purpose of reinvest- j
Ins the proceeds in a different kind of propeity. ,
Our long experience in thia businees enables
us to c'tea accomplish this double purpose by
orl> ci.e transaction. The only condition we
make, is that your property, if you wish us to I
tiifpofe of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KJ.ND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't ,
take up ether our time or your on with j
worthless offering*, or property so heavily ;
miittaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether ycu own real estate j
or a mercantile or manufacturing business, ;
bring a description of same to our office, stat- i
ing what kind of property you prefer in ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
«r can .-:¦•- t th« result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSD VTB UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company in San Francisco making a
epeciaity of came. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
curs an rxchar.se satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
WHAT have you to exchange for this prop-
erty? All clear; 2 good lots; house. 10
rooms, and l&rge lot; lodging-hTuse of 11
rooirfc. near high school: money to loan on
furniture, etc.; 3 or 4 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Call room Jy, Bacon blk.,
1 to 5 dally. I
FINS homes in Oakland to exchange for
ranch property. P. C LASSCN & CO., 464
Ttnth gt.. Oakland. <"*»'
SEAT* ESTATE WAJTTSD.
¦WILL buy house and lot In Oakland or Frult-
¦vale; rrlce not more than {2000; terms not
more than ?¦'¦<> cash and S15 per month. Box
tA2. Call effle*.
WILL buy San Francisco property if bargain.
Address Knight Templar, box 841, Call.
FHOFEBTT "WANTED.
• I KICK houses, clear and rented, in Denver,
worth i :><»•_> each, trade lor stock hardware or
•5. F. troixrty; clear. Box 618, Call office.
WANTED— A ranch worth from $1500 to $2000;
suited to fruit and poultry; etate full par-
ticulars. Address box S1'4. Call office.
TO buy on installment, house with 1 to 5
. acres; across tht. bay. B<jx S21. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADyERTS'M'TS
AXAKEPA BXAIi ESTATE.
BCr.E IS A CHANCE FOR EVERTBODT.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR 6TATION;
BARGAINS; LARGE LIST OK REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
ft-room cottage on Nitah at., near station; !
lot ££xl20. only $1400.
WATER FRONT PROPERTY.
SUITABLE FOR 6UMMER RESORT. BATH-
ING. ETC.
Oue of the finest 10-rocm residences; lot
about 200 feet front by 650 feet In depth; sta-
ble. • lndrclli. etc.; one block from station.
A fine horn* on Regent st.; £n« garden; lot
rCiifrO; cear Park station.
TWO BARGAINS,
•-room cottage; lot 50x123; $1800.
t-rocm oottage; lot 25x150; $1800.
FOR SALE ON EAST TERMS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
22 LOTS.
83: 4x1 25 TO 35x178.
PART OF BO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO ELOCKS FROM SIXTH-BT. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM 6AN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR EAN FRANCISCO
FJiAL ESTATE— A MODERN 7-HOOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. R. DEXKB,
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
$7T00— noun* cf 12 rooms, southeast cornet
Grand st. and Alameda ave.; 75 feet oa
Grand by 138 on Alameda ave.; also lot
!n rear, 4& fort on Alameda ave. by
150 feet deep.
$2200 — Two-»tory bouse of 8 rooms and bam;
« t4xl20, erst side of 6ixtb st; 80 feet
north of Taylor ave.; '434 Sixth st. j
I
$3250— Two rtory hoti»». nouth One of Knrlna! '
ave.. 14S feet ea»t of Union et.; 1812 En- I
clnal ave. i
ALAMEDA home property for sale; lota.
houses, a!! elee*. all prices; finest corner
etore in town Sor !eaa». ELMER E JOHN-
FON. £3."3 Santa Clara ave. j
$l«f*— M.«!»rn «-r. cottage; lot ttoloO; fine j
garden.
$2250— Fine rr-Wrn refider.ee of 6 r.; nea- '
Oi'i-tr.u'.-M. station; ccst $3400; mun be I
•lid. i
$2O>- Modern f.-r. eoUaE», in <-hoi?e location- i
lot ir<i3r«: rra=(! hsrjrain.
HAWKS & MEHKTENS.
jCorr.or T.viurr a;ij Railroad ave.. Alameda.
i ¦ \ GILT-EJXJE INVESTMENT "~~~
I *17W>— T«o mf«S<-rn almost new cottages on
* nortSwt^t «ornfr; ctejidily rcnt»d; colleges
I*r» I«1»*t «!r*ign. .'• rooms, bath, reception hail
wr.<l pantrv <n Midi; can you beat this?
HAMMOND * HAMMOND.
L»3i!lrg rr\6 RellnbU Agents
1*22 PA UK ST.
>. O'Sr» open to-gay ana to-morrow.
fir:.'* BT:T? a fcr.me in Alaraedt; a enap- 7-
rfK>m nous*; large lot; fruit, fiowern; leading
*\+-rvt: little cash. See oner, 21 Spear st.
i f. F.. uewfairs.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 190J .
42
! CMJ^lOEB^Cca^^tiita ; .
A— CAMERON '& CO. Phone So uth ,. 1050 '
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and P° w t"' „.
Headquarters for all kinds of bualess chances.
1 FOR sale— .Well furnished 5-room ark, vaoCT^,
one hour's ride from city; fine chance ior
summer outing: also for winter shooting ana
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators ror
making own gas; toilet; closets: everything
strictly new and medern; accommodate 1-
p»ople over night: perfect little home;- owner
, obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, bay. feed, also
barley mill Dlant: best coast city In Cal -
fornla: over 4000 population; sold as whole j
cr separately; fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive Interests
elsewhere only reason for selling: books open
fcr inspection. For particulars see CAM-
ERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR tale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing; pavilion, shooting gallery, j
many other attractions: rent $50 per month: ,
4 years' lease: sublets for $10O every Sun- j
day; electric cam direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200: for further particulars see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well equipped millinery store:
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good b-j«l-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more than
price aaked; bi«r snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON &. CO.
FOR sale— Best little restaurant in city: down- t
town: doing good business; cheap rent: own- |
er has other interests and can't devote hir i
tlmft to it: snap: $50O. CAMERON ft CO.. j
8 Eddy et. '
' *
EXCHANGES mad* In an kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
111S Market st.
Business Exchange, Real Elstats and Loan«.
$?50 — Restaurant: good location; seats 80;
everything in fine condition.
$1250— Rooming-house: 25 rooms, all full; j
four blocks from this office; clears $100.
$100— Cigar stand; fine place for young
man.
$130^ — Cigar stand: worth double the money.
S50C0— Meat market: clears $5CO per month;
invite closs investigation.
$4fO0 — Grocery and delicatessen; on cor-
ner: 3 living rooms: clears $250 per' month.
$1000— Grocery; stock will Invoice amount
asked.
$275 — Cigar stand: fine location.
$11.000 — Furniture and hardware: low rent.
$25«O — Restaurant; seats 70; newly refur-
nished. .
WANT one party with $30,000. or three with
$10,000 each, or six with $5000 each, to join
syndicate, Durchase and subdivide beautiful j
well-located suburban tract tn one of San |
Francisco's best suburban localities; homes j
all around property; immediate demand for j
lots when platted; owners live East — we j
have a bargain; no risk: syndicate to pay j
cash and get perfect title; profits 100 per j
• cent within one year. Box 909. Call office, j
PROFITS amounting to thousands of dollars j
are divided every month among investors by (
the Storey Cotton Company (incorporated, j
capitai and surplus $202,000). Are you get- '
ting your share? Write for particulars. T.
H. QUINLAN. Treasurer, 653 The Bourse, I
Philadelphia, Pa. i
$1000— SALOON in good country town, Sacra-
mento Co.; doing good business: billiard and
pool table; good stock of liquors, etc.
$400— Blacksmith shop; doing good busi-
ness, Sacramento Co.; tools alone worth $300.
Address box 15, Gait. Cal. t.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm
desires sen-ices of reliable, energetic part-
ner with $750; large and Increasing profits;
no competition: permanent; steady Income;
experience unnecessary. Box 46S7, Call office.
INVEST YOUR MONEY In safe, legitimate
business . enterprise; big returns; no mining |
or get-rich-quick scheme: legitimate: dlgni- .
fled: write fr*r particulars. HAMELES3
HORSE COLLAR CO.. Caro. Mich. |
"WHEAT Is very strong and advancing rapidly, j
offering unexcelled opportunities for splen-
did profits; J20 margins 10OO bu. 2c.: send
for free book, explaining option trading.
OSBORN GRAIN CO., Minneapolis. Minn.
FOR Eale — In Los Angeles, a well paying fam-
ily liquor store, which also does some job-
bing trade with saloons; In one of best lo-
cations; price $3000. Address E. ISRAEL.
1S12 W. Seventh St., Los Anseles.
FOR sale — The furnishings and lease of a
hotel In live town near San Francisco: con-
taining 23 bedrooms, 3 parlors. 3 dining-
rooms, kitchen, pantry, barroom, card rooms,
etc. Box 1127. Call office.
$2400 — GROCERY and bar: choice corneV In
Mission; reasonable rent; long lease;, no .
agents; investigate this; a bargain- Box 46S1.
PARTNER — Detective and collection; lady or
gentleman: small capital. McDIARMID'S,
1014 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — Retired captain or suitable party
to start bay and river freighting office; free
rent; good location. Box 779, Call.
FOR SALE — Partnership Interest in a S. F.
law firm. Address box S55. Call office.
BAKERY for eale; 5 years' lease. Apply 1550
Church st.
CIGAR stands— $150 to $2000; all parts city;
40 to select from; free list. HEDGES, 509
Parrott building. 825 Market st. :
WANTED — Good carpenter to go in business;
good chance for good man. Call 276 Hart-
ford st.
INVESTMENT of $20 and up earns over 1
per cent weekly dividends in our manu- j
factory. B. TOGGER, 36 Geary at. ',
FOR sale — Grocery and 30 furnished rooms; {
corner near Santa Fe track. G. M., 4610 j
Grove St., Oakland. \
GCOD paying established harness, carriage I
and trimming business: selling account sick-
ness. Box 1339, Call office. Oakland.
ACCOUNT death treasurer ins. co.. depositing
$10,000 cash security. $300 salary. 1146, Call.
SALOONS, roadhouses; all prices; free list.
HEDGES, 509 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market st.
NICE cigar store; fine location; must be sold
at sacrifice. 1152 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED — Man and wife to buy est. bus.;
further car. ad. P. T. Co., 1322 Pacific st.
PARTNER wanted In private detective and
collection agency. Box 910, Call.
PARTNER in best paying grocery in city;
$1500 cash; Investigate. Box 1160. Call.
CANDY and pastry store; 3 finely furnished,
rooms; big stock; bargain. 525 Taylor st.
HOTEL business for sale: reasonable: big
business for two; clears $400 per month; 04
bedrooms; dining-room aeats 4tS: lease given
For particulars writ* M. F. CARDOZO, Mer-
ced. Cal.
FOR sale — Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 149 Pacific ave.. Santa Crui.
I.OPOIHQ-HOTJSES POB 3AI.E.
N
I H. C. DECKER Phone John 631
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
. ,\ -. -
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His success in selling houses, over 28 years
In San Francisco, Is a guarantee of bis fair
j dealing. He guarantees titles and sells th«
bargains to his customers. See him.
ill rooms; Mason: new furniture $300
CO rooms; Market St.; only 2 500
I 8 rooms; McAllister st.; flat "450
31 rooms; to trade for small house.... *» 500
25 rooms: Sixth and Market; rent $100* l'sco
15 rooms; Ellis. st. ;• new furniture 'sow
6 rooms; rent $10; a nice little home. * 200
45 rooms; boarding-house: fine corner. . '2 500
30 rooms; downtown; reduced to l'lOO
9 rooms; fine piano: on Sutter st......; '400
17 rooms; on Fourth st.; a bargain..!!! 1 200
SS rooms: on Market st... ;. 3*000
40 rooms: reduced from $3500 to ! **200
15 rooms; clears $100 1250-
Houses, large and small, from $50 to.. 2o'ono
Flat, S rooms and bath '..... 60O
11 rooms; good piano; on Sutter st 400
10 rooms; fine corner «no
24 rooms; transient *2300
7 rooms: modern flat; rent $35........ '450
10 rooms; Geary St.: sunny side; only.. BOO
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. 90fr Market *t.,/ cor. Stockton.
DECKER'S special— Six rooms; rent $20; price-
TO let — 1 , new modem '. houses: unfur.; rent
$5 per r. ; central: also fur. houses and flats
for Bale; genuine bargains; nothing mis-
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st. Phone Mint 74L
LODGING-HOUSE for sale: 25 rooms- down-
'KS 11 '"*^" 1111 3 ltMT * $8 ° ** r month; rent
$100. ' Address box 1400. Call office.
•125 — FLAT. B rooms, new furniture; rtnt 123
KOOP to GOODY. 719 Market «t7 • ' "
AGEHTS WAHTEP— Contlnned.
SOLICITORS WANTED — Aative, experienced
solicitors of good appearance to sell install-
ment lots; sewered, watered, graded; easy
and quick selling property; good commis-
slons. Apply room 5, 116 California st.
BOOK agents— We offer largest variety, best
terms, on all subscription books. Write or
call on THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
S. F. "Any Book," now or holidays.
AGENTS — "Teddy's Teeth" beats everything:
makes more noise than a horn; $10 day;
samples 10c.: campaign novelties; get prices
on foba. TEDDY'S TEETH, Chicago.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on buildlnz and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
nient Company. Parrott building.
MAKE big money selling our Inhaler: every
family needs It: sells on sight. MIRZA
INHALER CO.. Columbus. Ohio. -
1 EITHER sex; rapid seller; large profits; call
all week. Room 87, 916 Market, between
1 and 2 p. m.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
Pacific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave.
LADY solicitor: active and good talker; liberal
commission. Room 7, 819 Market Et.
ACTIVE, energetic solicitor of good appear-
ance; liberal commission. Rm. 7. 819 Market.
_AOTO»yETS-AT-IAW.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor; entrance room ell; established 15
years; all cases. , general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3IS01.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companies organized ;patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.; estab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atfy — M. Harris, 81 Ellis st., r. 51:
15 vears' practice; t~>f. many thousands of
snldiers, sailors, widows and orphana on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful: open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
¦ COLLECTIONS. attachments, mechanic's
llece, probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, 633
Market St., room 23. •
DIVORCE— Costs, /$12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless) euc-
cesaful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs tn advance: all law business; offic«
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r.33.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. 85. 916
Market: tel.John C22C; solicits your business.
L. S. CLARK. !»27 Market, r. 304; consultation
free; no fees In r.dvance; open evenings.
PATENTS obtained: Information furnished for
sale of patents. SONNTAG Agency. 214 Pins.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. 85, 916
. Market; tel.John 6226: solicits your buslnew.
•:j ASTBOIiOGY. ,
CONSULT Astor, famous N. Y. astrologer:
man of ability. 997 Market St.; booklet
mailed.
ATTTOMOBH.E8.
SNAP — Biggest you ever saw: physician's top
"Mobile": run lesa than 500 miles; extra
equipment: better than new; "owner going
away; $^»5 takes it this week; investigate.
Call or write. 675 Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland.
FOUR cylinder. Toledo, perfect condition, also
Rambler tou rir.tr car to trade for real es-
tate, diamonds or other collateral. Box
1143. Call office.
RAMBLER auto for sale. '$1050; first-class
condition. Address box 1101, Call office.
1904 CALIFORNIA motor cycle; used very
' little, cost $1S5, for 8135. Box 1156, Call.
WILL trade lot in Frultvale for motor cycle.
Room 30, 921 Broadway, Oakland.
$260 — FOR sale — 2d hand. 2 seated, steam sur-
rey automobile. 143 Phelan bldg.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly; 10c, 25e, 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
also Wishart, 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
PIERCE bicycle; chalnless: cushion frame;
coaster brake; $40. V. D. SHUTTE, 510
Golden Gate ave.
FOR nale — Bicycle for gent and youth; good
condition; cheap. J. PRICE. 318 Mason st.
BEBPS. P OOB. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 each; dors, men*
keys, birds, cages, goldfish in endless va-
rlrty. See catatogue. W. Bartels, 1548 Mkt.
HART'/ Mountain canaries AAfrlcan gray par-
rots. Just received. A.C. Robtson,3C5 Kearny.
BOARDING PQB CHIIJIBEir.
TWENTIETH St., 3003 — Would take 2 or 3
children to board; a mother's care; rooms
and board for parents.
A FIRST-CLASS country home, near Oakland,
for 2 children. MRS. WILLIS. Bay View
ave., Elmhurst.
WOULD like a child to board; room for parent
If desired. 2807 Harrison St., near Twenty-
fourth.
CHILDREN boarded: schooling and dancing.
French; reasonable. 2514 Pine. Tel. Steiner
3171.
LITTLE girl to board at 22C2 Mission st.
—"""* *~ — —
BOOKS
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. SS7 Geary st.
BOOKS, old and new. Holmes will buy them.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowing nails removed;
painless. DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market St.
CXOTHIIT& SEKOVATIITG. j
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; ecouring and
dyeing. Bon March*. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Dmmm 44. Call for and deliver free.
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 41fl
Montgomery, rooms tt-10; tel. Main t>oSO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGB 5 large rooms; Sunset district. 1907
10th ave.; a snap ($1200) if sold this week.
EWING place, 5. off Laguna, near Post — 0-
room eunny cottage; nice garden; rent $20.
LOVELY 'sunny cottage;. 6 rooms, bath. Cor.
Dolorea and Cumberland; Mission warm belt.
COTTAGES WANTED — SUBURBAN.
WANTED— Furnished cottage; 1 or 2 hours
from city. Box 1162. Call.
£ BUSTHESS^CHAKCES^^
$7500 — NEW apartment house of 72 rooms In
Berkeley, near university, completely fur-
nished; will pay $700 per month; no ex-
penses; owner going away; must be sold at
once and seen to be appreciated: terms if
desired. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
$2000— PARTNER in wholesale and retail wood
and coal business In most prosperous Inte-
rior, city; horses, wagons and all Improve-
ments; owner there for years; large trade.
- OAKLAND BUSINESS AGENCY, 1108 Web-
ster St.. cor. Twelfth. Oakland.
$o000— INVESTMENT for reliable saloon or
hotel man Becurcs an Interest and -the man-
agement of a very profitable and • pleasant
city business; party has complete charge of
finances and handles thousands of dollars,
so must furnish Al ref. Box 1186. Call.
$1200— RESTAURANT and oyster house: one
of the best across the -bay; moet desirable
class of custom; owner compelled to sell ac-
• count of being employed In other business;
genuine offer; best in its line to-day. Apply
1108 Webster St.. Oakland. ¦
ATTENTION— If you wish to dispose of your
restaurant, saloon, grocery or hotel, call on
us. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY, 1108 Webster, cor. 12tn, Oakland.
A LIMITED amount of stock In a mercantile
corporation Is offered at a bargain, with con-
genial clerical employment for the purchaser
Box 1152, Call.
$2000 INVESTMENT wanted in established
manufacturing business to enlarge same;
party with business ability may engage
actively. Box 1163, Call. *
LOCKSMITH, electrical , and general repair
" shop, one of. the . best . located in the city
at a bargalfa; owner retiring. Box 1140*
Call office. , '
rREE — Six months' subscription to our Bulle-
tin and Mining- News. If Interested in min-
ing write KAYE. DE WOLF & CO., 39 Con-
Iandt:St.,.New York. ' "or ~ "v
STATIONERY/ candy, bakery, delicacy gro-
. eery . stores: 150 to select . from; fret list.
HEDGES, 509 Parrott, bldg., 830 Market St.
OAKLAND ADTERrS'M'TS
OAKUMTP rURglBHEP HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished Linda Vista home
of ten rooms; ready in a few days: stable
if deelred: beautifully located; lease for one
year or leaser. Seme friends of owner will
retain rooms if desired.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo ave.. bet. 17th and ISth »ts.
OAKLAND PUBKTTT7BE rOBJjAXE.
TO-MORROW the^cay for bargains in f urnl-
ture. H. Scbelhaas.llth «t..cor.store. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY AD Y'ET'S'M'TS
MIL VAX.I.EY SEAI. ESTATE.
RAIN OR EHINE.
GOOD WEATHER OR BAD.
Never mind if it is oold, foggy or windy in
the city; go to Mill Valley; you will find It
charming there. You don't realize that so
great a difference ran be possible In so short
a ride. Take Pausalito ferry and new electric
cars to Mill Valley. We have an office there.
Uur land ia right at the station. Great large
lets with rood views; come are beautifully
wooded. Price $400 upward. Term*. 10 per
cent cash; balance $iu monthly. New tasty
homes are vprlnglng up rapidly. You can't
buy the Iot for anywhere cear the price in
the city and get into a desirable location,
surrounded by good neighbors; it takes no
longer and octets no more to go to Mill Val-
ley; go over to-day and see for yourself. Send
for maps, etc. LYON & HOAG,
118 Mcntcotnery st.
FOR cale or rent— Redwood Rest. Mill Valley;
6 cottages, furnished for housekeeping; re-
freghment counter table; fine mineral ypring.
San Francisco Advertisings.
CHTJRCH SEB VICES. _^
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Minion st.. bet.
tiixth and Seventh — The pastor. Dr. George
W. White, will preach at the morning B*Tvice.
11 o'clock. Topic, "The Sign of the Cross."
Visiting Knights Templar, and others, are
particularly invited to th« services. At 12:45
the Sunday-school meets Koila V. Watt
superintendent. At 6:15 th« Young People's
tocietles meet. At the evening service, 7:30,
Bjehop Luther B. Wllscn of Chattanooga
will pre&fh. This Is Blshcp Wilson's first
appearance on the coact since bis election
fee Blshcp, last May. He is a very effective
cpeaker. A cordial invitation to the public
to hear him. Splendid mueic. free aeats.
Church is cloce to leading hotels.
FIRST Methodist Church. Powell and Wash-
ington st*. — The oldest Protestant church
in the city. Served by Blanco William Tay-
lor In the days of his famous street preach-
ing. The Dactor. Edwin F. . Brown, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject, '-In Hoc Signo Vlnces." All visiting
Knights cordially welcomed.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church. Hares and Buchanan sts. — Rev.
John Stephens, the castor, will preach at
11 a. m. on '•The Sign of the Cross." and at
7:45 v. m. en "Choosing a Helpmate." the
eixth In the series on •'Life'* Great Choices."
bunday-rchool at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins
superintendent. Epworth and Junior leagues
at 6:<5 p. m.
CALIFORNIA-STREET Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. California and Broderick ets. —
"Human Progress" will be the subject of
the sermon by Rev. Clarence Reed at 11
a. m. "The Divinity of Work" will be the
subject of the eermon at 7:45 p. m. Ml»s
I-cuis* Smith will sing at the morning eer-
vlc«.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, cor. Capp
and Twenty-first sts.. Rev. F. M. Larkln.
Ph. D.. pastor: residence. 3168 Twenty-first
st. — Strvlc^s at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Sunday-School. 12:45 p. m. Morning service,
•"The Sacraments." At the evening service
the Hon. L. M. Shaw, Secretary of the
I". S. Treasury, will deliver an address, es-
pecially to youcg men. All Invited. Take
Mission or Valencia ttreet cars to Twenty-
first 'St.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister. Junior church and Sunday
school are .at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford
Leavitt and Charles A. Murdock superintend-
ents. Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. There
is no evening service. Mr. Leavitt will
preach. Subject. "Our Membership In the
Holy Catholic Church." Communion after
regular service. Music by quartet, under
direction of H. Bretherick. organist. Visit-
ing Knights Templar and strangers are cor-
dially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valen-
cii-st. car). — The Rev* Jay William Hudson,
minister; residence, 500 Capp st. The Sun-
day school meets at 9:45 o'clock. At the
morning service at 11 o'clock tne Rev. .lay
William Hudson will prea--b. Subject. "The
Religion cf Gray's Elegy." Music by or-
chestra and choir, under the direction of
Jabifh Clement. All cordially invited. No
evening service.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
between Buchanan and Webster — Rev. 1. C.
Meserve. D.D., pastor. Morning worship at 11.
preceded by fcunday school at 9:30 o'clock.
Christian Endeavor Society meets at 0:43
p. m. Evening service and sacr»d concert
at 7:4"> o'clock. Mr. David Manllcyd will
e!ng the tenor eolo. "if With All Your
Heart" «Mccd*>!s»ohn>. The choir will ren-
der anthtm* from Pike. Storer and Rossini.
Mr*. Dorothy Good*ell Camm. assisted by
the choir, will sing a selection from Ch^rub-
ini. "Holy. Hoi}-. Lord God Almighty." On
this and several sacceeding Sunday evening*
the pastor will speak on "The Prodfgal,"
this wetk's topic being "Why He Went
Away." Visitors most welcome.
FIRST Corigr««saticnfi.l Church, corner Post
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.
D., oaEtor. At 11 a. m. Knlzhts Templar
service. Sermon by Rev. Da&iel C. Roberts,
D. D.. V. E. Grand Prelate of the Grand
Encampment KnlKhts TemDlar. U. P. A.
.At 7:45 i>. m., crmon by the pastor; topic,
••The Marriage of Eeau."
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth rt..
near Mission — Rev.. William Rader, pastor.
Services at 11 a. ro'. and 7:45 p. m. by Rev.
Henry B. Long, D. D., of Philadelphia. Sub-
jects — Morning. "Modern Chivalry." with
reference to the conclave of Knights Tem-
plar; evening-. "Cant Thy Bread Upon the
Waters." Visiting Knights and other* are
cordially invited to attend.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Nee? ave.
and Sacramento rt.. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor. — At 11 a. tn Mark Allison
Mathewe, D.D., First Presbyterian Church,
Seattle, and Past Grand Prelate of Tennes-
see, will preach. At 7:45 p. tn.. eermon by
the pastor. Sabbath-School, 9:«0 a. m.
Christian Endeavor, 0:30 p. m. Wednesday.
8 p. m.. midweek service. The officer* and
members of this church extend a cordial wel-
come to the Sir Knights of the Twenty-ninth
Conclave now visiting this city, and an In-
vitation to Join them in worship.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jackson
and Flllmore ets. — Rev. John Hemphlll, D.
X>.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sermon topic, "Answers) to an Old Ques-
tion." Evening service at 7:45 o'clock: ser-
mon topic. "Characteristics of True Man-
hood." The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Sabbath school at D:M> a. m.;<^iriB-
tian Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m.; Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
All are cordially invited. Beats will be re-
served for the visiting Knights Templar.
LEBANON Presbyterian Church, cor. 6anche2
and Twenty-third ets. — Pastor, Rev. R.
Ligan. M. A. Sunday school at 10 a. m.;
A. C Brown, cupt. Preaching services at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Christian Endeavor
at 6:45 p. m. Morning subject, "Joseph, the
Man cf Patriotic Faith." Evening subject,
"Knighthood." Antbeme. eoIcs, etc.: "Near-
er. My God. to Thee" (Sweney). "Ave Maria"
<Campanari). "Rock of Ages" (Excel)), "The
Land of Rest" fPineutl), "Rejoice, the Lord
Is King" (Gabriel); William Barr, organist.
TRINITY Presbyterian Churcn, corner Twen-
ty-third and Capo sts. — Rev. Edward K.
Strong, pastor. Divine worsnia at 11 a. m.
I and 7:45 r. ra. In the morning the sac-
rament of the Lord's Supper will be ob-
e«rved. Evening aubject. "The Cross of
Christ." Bible school at 12:30 d. m. En-
deavor Society at 6:45 p. m. Strangers
welcome.
BT. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church. cor^
ner California and Octavla sts.. Rev. George
Granville Eldredge. pastor. — Morning service
at 11 *' clock; evening service at 7:45 o'clock:
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. ; prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock." Strangers
are cordially invited to all eervlees.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor-
Der Webster and Page ets.. Rev. Herbert
E. Hays, pastor. — Morning service at 11
o'clock, sermon by Rev. Herbert E. Haye,
theme, "The Still. Small Voice": evening
sen-ice at 7 :45. sermon by Rev. Herbert E
Hays, theme. "John, the Apostle"; this will
be the first of a series of sermons on "Some
cf the People About Christ"; Sunday school
at 9:45 a. m.: Christian Endeavor at 8:45;
prayer meetinr every Wednesday evening.
Pastor's residence, 589 Waller st. •
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st. — Rev
Thomas Baldwin, D.D., preachat at 11 a. m.
end 7:30 ». m. Bible school, 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor, «:30 p. nv Prayer meet-
ing/Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All are invited.
Seats free. . -
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. • Bartlett »t.,
near Twenty-third— Service, 11 a,m. Preach-
er. Rev. J. Georiro Glbaon. Sacred concert
7:45. Organ, grand Fugue (Bach), "Regret,"
Hawelka. • March Klmmerman, ' Soprano
solos. Mlw C. M. Eulass. Miss L. M. Bean-
sioo; baritone solo. "Singing in God's Acre,"
Rcv.J. Geonr* Gibson: tencr solo. "Beyond
the < Gates of Paradise," J. E. Erfcson ; or- !
ranlat. ¦ Miss Lotta J. Underholl. j
BUSHTESS CgAHTCES — Continxfd.
A— $2500; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
acrois the bay; 5 years' leas?; rent $<•»: busi-
ness first class, -paying; finest location in
good business town. K. G. WILKE, 2CH
Kearny st. -
A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
20V» Kearny st.
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery, ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tth
Kearny st. . ¦
A— $2000; half interest in old established
commission store; butter, eggs and country
produce; a good business; retiring partner to
leave this city; a rare chance for good man.
See R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny tt.
A — $1200; CORNER saloon on Folsom St.; rent
$26; plac» doing a first-cla^s paying business.
See R. G. WILKE, 2t>i4 Kearny st.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years; daily
rscelpts $50:baking 3H barrels dayjverybest
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE,2t>% Kearny
A — $1250; COFFEE and tea store with route of
customers, horse, wagon, etc.; In best busi-
ness town across the bay; full value In sight; ,
a well established and good paying business. :
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ]
A— $1500; CORNER saloon; m choicest location
of the Mission; rent $20; place established j
many years; doing a good paying business, j
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Keamy st.
$2000 — BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call it. i
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and j
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25; '
daily receipts about $20; best location north |
of Market st. Call It. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE; the beat In Sonoma j
Ccunty; house of C rooms, orchard etc; 4%
years' lease; Investigate at once; a rart
chance. R, O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from J
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations In this city; rare chance. Sea R.
Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at. '
A — $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
«t.; 4%-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny st.
A — $2C0O; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar' room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagen and 3 cows; 5-year lease. S«« K. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place estab!. years; doing a good-paying busl-
. ntss; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st.; rect $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See XL G.
WILKE. 26% Kearcy at. j
A— $350; CORNER cigar stand on water front; I
rent $2S- value In sight; a good business, i
See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1760; GROCERY and bar; located In the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms; '
lease. See R. Q. WILKE. 28% Kearny st. j
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease i
in wholesale district; owner bought raach
and. sacrifices; saloon established years: a i
first-class paying place. See It. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur- t
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny. !
A— $350O; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan- ]
tile lunch; on Montgomery at., vicinity of :
California; place must be sacrificed on ac- I
count of 111 health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. '
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any j
description, dwelling or rooming house. ,
grocery, butcher shop, delloatessen. branch ;
bakery, cigar ?tand. saloon or business of 1
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; -we !
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market st.,
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 3403.
! : ___ ; i
BREWERY and bottling wores for sale, very
reasonable, or will take a partner who can
: take charge of the business; a good and com-
plete works and a good trade, wholesale and
retail. SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1812 Market ft., rooms 41S-419. Tel. Fol- j
som 34G3. I
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms. '
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
homo and established health resort, 27 rooms; 1
several mineral springs on it; old age the .
¦ cause. '. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING, Bartlett Springs, !
Lake County, Cal.
_
FOR SALE — A 324-egg Incubator, brooder and
chicken; 3-room house, brooder house, chick- j
en houses and garden; can be rented cheap; ;
near car line and school. Address box 9SC, !
Call office. . i
A— $2500 SECURES pvwltlon as manager for '
practical machinist In profitable city bust-
ness] investment amply secured. Address
box S9S. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale In a busy town near ]
San Francisco; will seat 50 people; -with !
rooms above furnished; rent for whole place j
$70; will .-ell for $1700. Box 9S9. Call office.
RIGHT parties can get half-interest Califor-
nia gold quartz claims for finishing develop-
ment and equipping; good veins; free water
power; tunnel proposition. Box 843, Call.
FOR SALE — The best located country hotel In j
California; will sell property and furniture !
at a bargain; clears $900 per year above ]
expenses; price $10,000.. Box 90S, Call.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac- j
count of sickness of owner. Apply to E
BAUER. S. F., News Co., 342 G«ary st.
HAVE a nlca business; best location; Powell
and OTarrell sts.; long lease; netting $15 per
day. See owner, who wishes to leave city,
MRS. DUNTON. 142 Powell gt.
$900 — RESTAURANT for sale on a principal
business street and near Market st.. with
rooms upstairs; this Is a good stand.' Box
1200, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS placed In Pacific Coast, '
Eastern and foreign newspapers; get lists of 1
papers and estimates. L. P. Fisher Ad. j
Agencx. 425 Montgomery st. " :
A CHANCE In each State to engage In manu- i
facturing a patent needed In every fanflly;
no competition. Address box 903, Call office.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 dally; ele-
gant fixtures: fine location; trial given; in-
vestigate. 63S Eddy st.
FOR PALE — A good paying reetaurant- come
promptly; must be sold; at a bargain. 1647
Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
RESTAURANT for sale In Richmond district
Address box 1030, Call office.
CHOP house for sale; good location. Box
1083. Call office.
SALOON and grocery for sale; established 15
....years. Cor. Fifteenth ave. and Q st. south, i
FOR sale— Lodging house. 8 rooms and bath-
$225; central. Box 897. Call office.
WILL you join a co-operative colony? State
your circumstances. Reply box S50, Call.
$1500— CASH or security; established grocery
and liquors; no opposition. 1009 Poet st.
A — DELICATESSEN; big cash trade;*wlll sell
very cheap; worth investigating. 217 6th st.
CHICKEN ranch for sale ; cheap rent: S80 :
hens. 811 Sllliman St.. San Bruno road.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
mon-y; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run-
rent %oi}. See F. BERG, SIS Kearny st. '
BEFORE you buy or sell, call and see me.
• F. BERG, 31S Kearny st.
WANTED— Saloon. 1118 Market. »t.. room 2.
-WANTED — Restaurant 1118 Market st.,
room 2. . . . ¦
WANTED — Good paying millinery business In
thriving j town. Box 913. Call ¦ office.
CORPORATION forming; two directors want-
; ed; $3000 each; old est.bua. Box 892, Call.
, . . _ ;
MEAT market; one of the best, both for loca-
tion and trade:' everythinr cornnlete; price
$750; cor. Fifteenth, and Sanchez. ¦
$100 CIGAR stand and laundry for $45. if sold
within 2 days; on account of other business
1013 Folsom St.; rent $10, paid to 16th.
WE incorporate and float «tock companies; we
' handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square"
Buffalo. . -
FOR »ale— A . rountry newspaper In lively
town; paper in 17th volume: will be sold
cheap on account of ill health of publisher
Apply Call office.
ACTIVE man wanted, with small capital as
partner In wine business; must b« energetic
and willing to work. Box 894, Call office. '
FOR sale— A stoneware plant. For particulars
address # box 798,- CalL i^rucuiar.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'STTS
OAZLAKD gEAL ESTATE.
S M. DODGE A SON.
IIC0 U ROADWAY. OAKLAND.
*;.400-R*<:uce<S Iroai *2600 to Insure Quick
sale; owner wants «non«T and wants .t
new ror tfc'.s 0-rocm cottage on 19th
ft n*ar car line and near business.
t±* m for pteH to inspect.
»;.7W— Worth S3-M0: good »-rocm bouse; be-
tween two car l:nes and only 5 blocks
irora Telegraph ave. Key route station
$3.«5O— Modem cottage home; 7 rooms and
batL .n growtr.K part of Oakland; rear
nr»*t tar line; «$ minutes' walk to Key
rout* station; let 60x200; facing two
•tr***f- »tabl». chicken yard, fruit and
flowers; can be l**»ed to <!a«lrabl« tenant
for $3U per month.
**.itKV— Nice cottage. < rootns and b*th:
«>cu-lc»r. g**. etc.: *reTjrthhig ia
frtrne orter; owner roing East; terms
If «Je*lrtd.
$'t«no— Beautiful r.c:n« in Lin^.a Vl«ta: 10
rooms ar.a more; let 70x125 costs noth-
ing- you par for th* house only.
$.4.000— An elegant, coramofilous house. 12
room*: large lot and everything tfeslr-
ab'.e: near to busine5s part of Oakl&ad
and car list.
WE HAVE ALPO A LARGE NUMBER OF
VKBT DESIRABLE BUILJUNO LOTS AT
REASONABLE PP.ICES IN VARIOUS PARTS
OF OAKLAND. •
SOME OF THHSE ARE GREAT BAR-,
QADTB. 5I7VERAL OF THEM WERE SOLD
LAST WEFJC.
6. M. rXrtXSE * SON.
IT60 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
E. ,. OAIC^ ND .
C32SO— Reduced from $4000 en account of
trrnrr living tewn: beantlful »-rootn
fccu»* with aU the latest improvements: I
iot r-OxK-rt: the trsr-rtwegerta alone cannot
b» r -; : ¦ *'.* '. for $4000: call at once and
»*? thts barjra'.n a» parties fcavs furniture
packed and the house cuit be sold inMde
cf thrr* £ayt.
E. J. 6TKWART * CO.
100* BUOADWAT. OAKLAND.
\
FOR BALE
t15r*v— a 1'i-rt-wy dwelling 8 rooms and bath:
lot 2T.X100 fr+': rects for $13 p#r month;
a '¦•..¦•
$^<XVi — x,, c.c*+ up an estate: C-room modern
2-Ktory »...— . ttable; corner lot. 50x120
feet: •treet and sidewalks complete; ele-
vated rrour.d.
$i«00— 5-ror-m cottage, lot t.^120 feet, belong-
Icg to same rotate; property on? block
from atreetcar line.
I2TV> — • v r t to change of location owner will
•*!1 •¦:."-. modern cottage: lot 73x140;
•treet F*wrr*d and macadamised: a b*r-
ra:r.. ALBERT SCHMIDT. 1122 ISth
ate.. East Oakland. Cal.
FOR •*!* cheap by owner— An attractive sunny
«-et?a«;e. !1 rootns. pcrrelain bath and pink.
cu fixtures, etc.; lot 45x100; between Broad-
way and Teleeraph ave.. west aide Silver «t..
ti'ir Moos ave.. No. 37S9: 0 minute*' walk
to "K»y" ro-Jte etatior; price $1975; reduced
rrora $2100.
ALDEN r.EALTT CO.. C184 Telegraph a»«..
Phone Blark 0481.
K5f« — Lnt 60x75: near Telegraph av«. and
Fifty-eirhth st.
f500— Let 5yxlW>; Fifty-second «.. bet. Tele- '
graph acd Ehatturk aves.
WX^— 2-rocm house on College av«. near
Ooustry CJub. Bock Ridge Park. Key
route.
$1250 — Iroora ccttage. n*ar Grove st.; Key
route flrpot.
$150ft — «-room cottage acd bath; lot 50x150:
earn $250: $15 per month: tame as rent.
This effice has bo connection with Alden
Co. ia Oak!ar.<].
*525O— FINE residence and grounds on Alice
*t.: b«*t bargain east of Broadway; 0
roon-.». we.; bank for»»c5ot>tire.
THE ALDEN CO..
1223 Broadway. Oakland.
$.T7^>— Residence; fl good rooms: 3 blocks to
Broadway; Just suited to renting rooms
•>' : a big bargain ty
THE ALDEN CO..
12C3 Broadway. Oakland.
f4-V>.«— Modern f!«:?; 5 and 6 rooms: walking
dlstanc* to Broadway and the tralca:
rental $47 50 per mooth. Call and see
the**.
THE ALDEN CO..
1223 Broadway. Oakland.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
Four cottages cf 5 rooms each; lot J 00x100;
r.ear 40tfc-st. Key route; $3100; bar.k mort-
«-asre $'Z:<m: rent $36 per month.
%21'<> — A modern 2-story house of 6 rooms-
• lot 4Vxll«; all street work dene; one block to
E. O. Key route line.
HIGH M. fAMERON.
105S Broadway.
$4200— A OOOD hem* in East Oakland on cor-
ner lot »H»J; twG-«cry. 8 room*; high
ha»erceat; clo« in; near schools, station
and car lint*; a good lmrstraent
U. U. WELCH A- CO .
Fl'rh ave. and Cishterr.th st.
& M. r>ODGE * SON (established in 1S39).
11«> Broadway, have a large list of prcp-
ertif for sale ia Oakland and vicinity. They
• are alaaya glad to give reliable informa-
tion e.«n«emirjr Oakland r*al estate matter*
<I*Boce Lake Si. >
~
, irv< DOWN-New cottage: 5 rooms; Juet com-
; pletec; near the E. P. flyer at Golden Gate
?he first station; large let; electric lights-
modern tlurabirjt: never occupied; fine wlnd-
fr.lll and tank pupplying thr*e houses GEO
M ¦ AUa'TIN. 1W2 Broadway. Oakland.
MODERN HOMES IN GOOD CONDITION
'• Tfcete Llacrs will be cold for lees than they
ar- worth: easy terms of payment can be ar-
.tscged; look at the property then call for our
rrioes and terms
K30 Thtrtj -third. n**r Market: 6 rooms.
*C1 T«rent)--aev«-nth. near San Pablo ave • 5
rooms; in fin* condition
• 1207 Market, r.ear Fourteenth; 5 rooms
.Thirty-fifth, near Market- • rooms
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1<XC Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— Lot ia neighborhood of Telegraph
or Grove and this siae of Fortieth st.- street
work must be complete: r.o agents' Box
1374. Call office. Oakland. m * rnl »- »°*
$2250 WILL buy 5-roora nice modern house -
f.ne neighborhood; lot €0x123; fruit and *hade
ire**: 3 blocks to local train: raiike an offer
Bex 1373. Call office, Oakland.
$850 BUYS 4-room house: Jot 90x125- fruit
tree*, barn, chicken nous*, well pump- one
block to cars. Bex 1372. Call office. Oakland.
$15 A MONTH— Cottage of 6 rooms; nearly
new; G5th st.. Oaklsnd: small caeh deposit-
a bargain. Owner S75 37th st.. Oakland- at
borne £un<3s.y.
A BARGAIN — $.1S00: a 2-atory up-to-date bun-
ralow; fine reception hail and beam celling
«iir.ln*-room. For tale by owner F P
WRIGHT. S07 Thirtieth et.. Oakland.
LOT in Santa Fe trart for sale, cheao Box
1375. Call office. Oakland. •
MUST s*U: lot at «.',th and Ean Pablo, cheap
Box 137», Call office, Oakland.
ITARE chance: lot at 54th rt. ; must sell Box
13E0. Call office. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best tn America — Tea Weekly
Call. 16 pages. *rat to any address In tbt
t-nlted Pt»t«-» or Oimrta one year for ti.
OAXLAITO KOUSIS TO LET.
$23 — SIX rooms, fine condition, 850 Thirty-
third St., near Market.
Cory cottage. !n flr.e condition. Market st
near Fourteenth.
$20 — Pretty corner, very runny. 27th & West
tl<>— Ftrnny urpr fiat, 1272 7th, nr. Adeline]
$3" — 10 rooms, suncy and roomy, larr" lot
I4C4 Adeline et., near Eighteenth.
Cell for our big catalccue of vacant houses:
lr*u«d w-eekly.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FIFTT-EIGHTH, 5791, corner McCall—
riouse 7 rooms and bath, pantry, washhouse
7-foot basement, chicken-yard, pens, etc • the
rardrn. which is an extra large lot, contains
apple, pear, cherry and plum trees Jn full
b: a.-i r.r: fine well, windmill and tank on the
premises ; rent $16.
FOR rent in East Oakland — Beautiful new d-
room bouse on choice corner; let OxICO:
r\cry Modern convenience; flae Interior nn- '
ith: clob« to churches, schools and car lines*
f-ascaable rent »o right party. B. M
WELCH A CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth
»-.. Oakland.
EXKINE Vcn and Storage Co.. furniture mov-
er». 1038 Broadway: phone Mala- OCT.- v
OAgLUD ROOKS.
HAEKELL, 1302. cor. San Pablo ave,. Berke-
ley — FumUhed room and board lor one or
»w-»»
CHUECH SERVICES — Continued.
GRACE Church. California St.. corner pf
Stockton, Rev. DaviU J. Evans, rector — Cele-
bration of holy communion, S a. rn.; second
celebration, with sermon by the rector, 11
a. m.; offertory; monthly musical service,
7:4i p. m.; psalter, "Gregorian Magnificat,"
In E (Selby); anthem, "Sing Alleluia Forth"
(Buck); tenor solo. "O Divine Redeemer"
(.Gounod); anthem. "Lo, This Is Our God','
• Case); quartet. "Crossing the Bar" (Macy);
anthem. "Hear. O My People" (Stevenson);
offertory, organ solo. "The Storm" (Wehy)
<by request). Organist and choirmaster,
William H. Ho'.t.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rectcr. Holy
Cf.rmnunion. ":*;« a. in. Sunday school,
9:30 a. m. Morning service and Holy Com-
munion, 11 o'clock, sermon by Rev. James
Hulme. Evening service. 8 o'clock, sermon
by Rev. D. C. Roberts, D.D., Grand Prelate,
Knights Templar. You are heartily invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
bIock,J223 Satter «.. bet. Kearny and Grant
eve. — Christian Sv.ience service at 11 a. m.;
6ubject of lesson-sermon, "Substance." Sun-
day-school fcr children at the Bame hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room. 206 Kearny st., rooms
509-510; all are welcome.
! DIVINE services will be «&i«i«<«< wmjmij
i held on Rosh Hashana and » I I M I
Yum Kippur by the can-
ter. S Goldstein, at the Scottish Hall. 10i
Larkln st. Tickets will be sold to-day and
on the »th of September all day at the hall
and at the residence of the cantor. 626 Ful-
' ton st. -V->'--':
AN address by Secretary of the United States
Treasury Leslie M. Shaw, at the Young
Hen's Christian Association. Mason and Ellis
Ftsi. this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Services will be exclusively for men. All
stats In the hall will be free: doors open at
2:30 o'clock. -Come early to get a seat.
BITDDHIST JIlKiIon. 807 Polk Bt. — Every Sun-
day, 11 a. m.; service and sermon to-day.
Rev. K. Kino will speak on "Faith -Is
Affinity." <
aiEETIHOS— SUNDAY.
' EUGENE V. DEBBS. candidate for President
rn Socialist ticket, sneaks In Woodward's
Pavilicn Bat., Sept. 24; door open at 6: meet-
ing begins at S: admisylon 10c: ree. eeats .oc.
i THEOSOPHICAL Society, Academy of Sciences
1 bldg. — Public lecture 8 p. m. by Thomas
i Prime. Subject. "Evolution From the Crys-
: tal to the Chrlat."
MOVED. te«t*. from W» Market to Odd Fel-
lows" bid*.. 7tb. and Market. 2 and 8 Wil-
son, other*. S Dr. Cowan. Hargrave. 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S test me«t. to-niitht, 10c. 364
Hayes, nr. Goueh. Private readings dally,
1720 Sacra, st., nr. Van Ness. Come skeptics.
READY-LEWIS debater look out; Woodward
< Pavilion, middle of October; one of the big-
gest debates ever held In America,
A— TESTS, Scottish Hall. 8 p. m.. 10c; testa.
Rev. Fertlg. Maxwell, Hovet. McKee, Nell-
eon, McMeekin, Vlgars, others.
CIRCLE to-night. 10c. Prof. Sabllck.'Egyptlan
occult; daily 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 700 Ellis St.,
cor. Lerkln. •. '¦ .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister St.— Mrs.C.
J.Meyer; eit.dally: tests to all every ev. ; 10c.
MRS. SEAL. spirAual business medium; read-
ings daily. D.V. circle Wed. eve. 1424 Market.
PROF PERKINS, from Chicago, gives test
! readings. 7:45. 1220 Mission; daily readings.
'. MRS J J WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market tt.. Gait House.
W G KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth «t.
MRS. STODDARD'S meeting postponed on ac-
count of death of her husband.
i EARLE'S grand slate seance to-night, 1052
Kills rt.. 8 p. m.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
1 ROSH Hashono and Yom Keepur services
September 10, 11 and 19. with congregation
rhlidren of Israel Hall. 714 Broadway, Oak-
land; admlslon. $1; tickets at Zalkowltz's
utore. 70fl Broaciway; admission free for poor.
STJgPAY I.ECTX7BES.
"NOW" le«son-lecturo<», Henry Harrison
Brown, subject, "The New Thought; Its
Hcope Fundamental Principles and Benefits."
Psychic demonstrate as by Sam Elton Fould*.
ThiF will be the first of seven Sunday even-
' ing lectures at Steinway Hall, 223 Sutter st.,
, near Kearny. These lectures are similar to
Mr Brown's class l»ssons; he will have one
large class. All friends especially requested
to be present. The large hall should be well
fitled; S p. m. ; admission 25c and 50c.
I DR JOHN A. KERGAX'S free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. 9C9
Market st.— Subject. "The Value of an
Idea.',' followed by views of a visit to Switz-
erland Free tickets will be distributed for
X-Ray exhibition and electrical demonstra-
tion at Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Re-
member the question box. Special music. '
" ~ HENRY FRANK
Of New York, celebrated author, lecturer,
orator ?peaks this afternoon. 3 o'clock. Aca-
demy of Sciences. t>19 Market. "The Empire
of the Invisible." Free; collection. Profes-
sor Greven's music.
; VEDANTA Society — Swami's" lecture to-night
at 8 on "What Is the Soul. According to the
'• Vedanta?" al 40 Steiner St.; admission 25c.
i CARMEN'S HALL. ?.10 OFarrell St., to-night
i at 8: big meeting; spetches by State com. of
I California (Socialist) Come early. Free.
I Tl.'RK ST. TEMPLE, Thursday 8 p. m., So-
t clalist meeting: speakers from State conven.
j MEETIKO NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. J^i
T. — All members are hereby notified 9jf~
to ass»mble In full Templar uniform, hjo
mounted, at the foot of Market st., jjr
from C to 8 o'clock SUNDAY MORN-
ING. September 4, and MONDAY MORN-
ING, September 5, for escort duty.
N C. M. PLUM Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder."
' ftLTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F.— ..«_.„
i Initiation MONDAY EVENING, .-:;^Sa**fc.
P B. F. "lEDFORD, N. G. "^Wfffe-*""
; ;
i CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O.
O. F. — Offlc-Tf and members 4«i&38ife.
assemble in ledge rr-om atS«£Sft5**!
1:30 p. m.. THIS DAY. Sept. "^^Sw*^
4. to attend the funeral of BROTHER
HERMAN 8CHULDT.
,. I. J. RALPH, N. G.
, THE officr* and members
I of Golden Gate Camn No. jjKy~~- ' ¦ Ta
»4, W. O. W.. an» rfque«t- J/#— t 3>TTTwtfk
*<\ to attend the funeral of f"^j3&*«&^J
.1. D. NELSON, lat? m»m- C-jjS' | U> 1V ' f» J
ber of above camp and
Choppers' Friendship Club No. 1. at 12
o'clock. SUNDAY, September 4. from 1017
Geary st.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONNELL, Clerk. '
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good-"t^§*P
fellowship Camp 9633. M. W. of A., I \y
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at llX»
Fraternity Hall. 35 Eddy st.. San Ln
i Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS. V.C.
I W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels^, building.
; EMPRESS VICTORIA Lodge __*»A~
No. 142. Daughters of St. /C^P**gJ&
George, will meet every &¥JQjJ5\*^^'
MONDAY, 8 p. m., In the t-<LXOv *»^^
Red Mtn'c building. Golden -—^V^Nr^V'
Gate ave., between Leaven- Wv ifOXPf*
! v.crth and Hyde sts. I • \lP?V^V
MRS. J. PUTNEY, *d*g&*™&
H. WILLIAMS, F. S.
ATTENTION. Riggers and Stave- IT
dores — The officers and members of at
Local No. '-".'2. I. L. M. and T. A., jflfS
will report at our hall 121 New -
Montgomery St.. TO-MORROW \ij$23
• Monday). -Sept. .">. at 7:J!0 a. m.. 2$&L
to take part In the Labor day pa- W^Sr^
rade. Fines for. non-attendance will be
strictly enforced. By order of
THE ASSOCIATION.
HENRY JBND, R«c. and Cor. Sec.
! LONGSHORE Lumbermen's Protective Asso-
ciation. Local No. 224, I. L. M. and T. A.—
Members are hereby notified to meet at K.
' It. B. Hall. 1133 Mission street, on MON-
DAY MORNING, at 8:30 o'clock, to par-
ticipate In Labor day parade. Fines for
non-attendance. Bring your badges.
JAS. DOWNHAM, Pres..
Attest: GEORGE G. HANSEN. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to. mine by hydraulic pro-
; cess from Mike Corcoran Placer Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Star mine, near Dutch Flat,
Placer County. Cal., draining into the Little
Bear River, which i reaches Feather River,
gives notice that a mcetlnc to receive any
protests will be held at room 96. Flood build-
Ing. San Francisco, Cal., September 19/1904'
'at 1:30 p. m. ' ¦ ¦ --
Aosarrs wawted.
j ONE agent In a factory town made $3 in a sin.
gie noon selling our PATENT NO-SEW BUT- ¦'
TON; entirely new; no sewing: required; se-
cure agency now; camples (worth 25c) and
particulars free by mall for 10c; permanent
position and salary for successful agenu.
No-Sew Button Co., Beacon bldg., Boston
Maes. .: '
UP-TO-DATE agents, either sex; sells at sight:
used in every home; big commission. 1035
Washington st. Office 7 and 3, Oakland. ¦-.
(IiOPOPTQ-KOPSSS POS. BAIS — Ccn.
A— CAMEKON «t CO.. Fnonc £«mti» lOSo.
J. tMdy St.. cur. Market ana Wwcii.
Headquarters lor Koomsng- houses. Hotels aou
All Kinds Business CnsuH-ei.
1C8 rooms; rent only $3 SO per room. Ion*
lease, up to date, tfowntown. mou-rn B-iu^*.
electric lights. bel!s ana elevator; all »'««^
rooms wetl iurn.»hed tnrouishout; chance «.
lifetime to get fim-elas, house 1 oat l » c '«*^
$J5u to $45U at bargain; has ¦igned to accom-
modate large bojly of people In comin* con-
clave; owner obliged to le«t»HW 0^.^
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively wiU»
26 rooms, new and elegantly / I * rnl " h f* > °J*
I Sutter: paying a handsome profit on loire**-
! ment; call for carticulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' IW; . «»*
downtown location; S entrances everythmgta
first-clas« condition; good '^ntt^Te ami
pets; clearing now $1100 per month: I ' u «- lr * n '
sient can clear $UW> to *^> V«r month, Jser« 1*
beat proposition in city.
7-room modern flat, close is. well furnish*!;
cost $000; a bargain If sold at once; $->W-
a rooms: best downtown commercial hous«
! in city; clearing now $.»X» per month. <*•"
i thing first-class condition: wilt trade *©t-_Oa£-
I land A.'ameda or B»rkeley property or ranca
In California; must leave city.
21'rooms: cheap rent; very centra!: so°4
furniture and carpets; clear* $1W per moata.
must leave city; make an effer.
12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst^cUa*.
up-to-date downtown house; well furmsheO.
clearing $500 to $60" per month; must se.l oa
account of other business; only wit.i us.
i 60 rooms; new. mod-rn building; elegantly
furniah-J: cla«e in; full first-class people:
: clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity K>
I get an up-to-date hou«» reasonable: sickneas-
21 rooms- rent $14.'.: new and elegantly far-
' r.i!-h~i: oak and mahogany; tin* proposit.on.
good lease-
5-year lease and ccntract for furnishms: n*w
and up-to-date 40-room house: fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East-
90-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elesar.t.y
equipped in city; 5 years' lease: every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at oar-
i gain on account o' sickness.
43 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good runair.g order: clear-
Ing now over $20O per month: always full; b^t
buy In city; account sickness; price $43<jO.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modem apartsient-
house- elegantly furnish id and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $5C0 to $t>0O per montS:
close In; full of nice people: bargain L takes
at once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout: B-
year lea«»: downtown; fine respectable moner-
maktng house; part down, balance reasonaoi*
interest.
j 9-rocm fiat; r»nt only $50: water free: ©*1»
furniture: good carpets; must sell by S-pteraaer
I 5; price $400. - ' -
1 . . . _ lJm .
73 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
! nlshed; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close la:
I clears $400 per month: $40C<) down, ba-ance S
I per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms: central: 4-year lease: clear* $103
; over all expenses: most elegantly furnished as.1
I equipped little apartment-hous« In city; ca-1
i for full particulars: only' with us.
16 rooms: rent $«5: good furniture and cur-
pets- always full: mu«t sell within n»xt t»n
days'; leaving city; make offer.
.14 rooms- cheap rent: thoroughly renovated:
all in fine shape; fine little apartment- houss;
clears $150; reduced to $2S0O.
¦ Large list of r«al estate, rooming-houses aa<*
business for exchange or trade- a!»-ay» on hand.
CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
1 40G Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance, cor.
I 3d and Market sts. Phone Black 0607. Hotels.
I Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale.
(Special No. S3.)
HANDSOME apartment house. So large rooms,
moat beautifully furnished: rent only $•*."...
long leaee: over $10 per day clear profit;
for sale at a great bargain exclusively by
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. IB)
ONE thousand dollars less than its valuf will
take a nicely furnished 16-roorn house; quiet
and respectable: clearinsc *$7»J per month See
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. »)
ONLY $150 cash and $."»>> in payments buys *">
well-furnished 9-rojrn house, on sunny sMe,
north of Market; Income $7:S 5*> monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post st. ; rent
$45; all sunny; good yard: cheap.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 14)
NEAR Van Ness ave. ; only $37 rent; medern
house: good furniture: 14 rooms: splendid lo-
cation. This week everything for $S5O.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special) Transient.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; ID
rooms. Particulars only with
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 17)
I HANDSOMELY furnished; highly respectabl*:
i quiet and homelike; 17 rooms: reasonable,
rent: low price; clears $65 to $75 a month
the year round, Very desirable house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 30)
j PARTLY furnished: 30 rooms; 19 newly fur-
1 nlshed and 11 unfurnished: $130 rent, with
lease; owner must sell; $1250 buys it
I , MARION GRXFF1N.
i (Special No. 27)
I TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years*
I lease; clears $200 a month.
i MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 31)
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $129; all
permanent roomers: reduced from $4000* to
$2800. If you want something nice let us
show you this. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 661
CHOICE location: 66 rooms: rent les« than $3
a room for the building; lease; oak and ma-
hogany furniture: body Brussels and velvet
carpets^ A very dependable house and a him
money maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. I9>
SWELL corner house, nr. Van Ness: 19 room*.
large, sunny and beautifully furnished; grand
neighborhood. See this high-class house..
MARION GRIFFPy.
WELCOME, SIR KNIGHTS
If you are looking for
A growing city to locate.........
The city of, opportunity
Is San Francisco
For profitable an<t safe investments
See- HINKLEY. 1020 Market «t.. opp. Fifth •«.
Of course you want the best.
We've made a tremendous reputation
On our houses, which, for Style.
Price and Furnishings, eannot b# excrtiM.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 79«.
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH ST.
Former Patrons My Beat Reference*,
CALL FOR MY" SPECIAL
LIST OF BARGAINS
' WEDNESDAY MORNING.
$6000; APARTMENT and lodging-hous*. W
rcoms. modern house: full; leas« 2*4 years;
furniture first-class and in b«st condition;
terms to suit; this is a bargain aa U»«
house cost $10,000 to furnrsh a short ttnis
ago. ¦
$750— House cf 39 rooms; furniture fc» good
condition: arranged for light housekeeping:;
clearing $9O to $100 month clear profit.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 413-419. Tel. Folsom 346S.
MITCHELL & CO ;
1208 Market st ...Phone, Jessie- 2081.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and 1
flats sold suit purchasers: titles guaranteed
..MITCHELL & CO..r ;
¦ 24 ROOMS, corner downtown house; rent $S0;
l«ase; transient and steady rooms: will ex-
change for fiat or larger house: further par-'
1 tlculars. »ee my agents, MITCHELL &. CO
1206 -Market st.
! 50 ROOMS; located fn the heart of Oakland -
newly furnished; has gas. «lectriclt> and"
runnine water; rent $3 per room; 5 years'
lease; does a large business; to be sold on
1 account of sickness: It has been placed In
onr hands to sell, and It is going to go at a
bargain. MITCHENER St BARTON. 91H
, Broadway. Oakland.
1 FIRST-CLASS 21-room lodging-house. Inquire
grocery store. 1C30 Folsom st.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of S rooms, well tar-
nished, at 143 Sixth st. Call 1 to 5 p. nu
FOR sale — Account old age. an old established
lodging-house In central location: does 1
¦ good payins; business; has 22 rooms; this Is a
genuine banratn and will bear fullest investi-
gation, as owner is unable to conduct same-
see it; no agents; en premises. .47 ij Howard.'
FOR SALE— House of 2S rooms: modern- with'
lease; cheap rent; full all. the tlm--* near
Alhambra Theater. Box 1114. Call office.
11 -ROOM furnished house, cheap; fin* bu»in-i»
good location: Investigate. Box 46S4. Call."
A_17-ROOM lodging-house for tale; ck««s. 2UTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
43
gl^ATS TO IJH? — Continned. |
BUSH. 25S4 — Eesirable upper flat, & room* and |
bath; rent . reasonable. - .. v . . . j
BRAND new modern upper flat. G rooms and j
bath. 071 Dolores St.. near Twenty- third.
CAPP. 1086— New sunny fiat. « rooms and J
bath; rooms all frescoed; warm belt.
CHURCH. 205, ccrner Market— Desirable up- |
per flat, 6 rooms and b&th: rent reasonable. 1
CORNER Webster and Waller — New sunny j
flats; rents reasonable. Take Halght-st cars, j
ELEGANT urrer flat. 6 larse. sunny rooms !
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page st.
FRANKLIN, 2300. bet. Broadway and Vallejo
- — Upper flat; marine view; rent moderate.
LARGEST list of h^ute* and flats to let. Call |
on LYON & HOAO. 118 Montgomery st. I
FREDERICK. 404A— That new, elegantly d»co- 1
rated 7-r. flat:2 toilets; mcd.plumbtng;$27 50. j
GUERRERO. 028. opposite Hill— Fine, large. \
ev^nny rooms; bath; cheap.
LAKE. 742. near Ninth ave.— New French flat,
0 rooms; rent C2S: park In rear.
LOWER flat. 94.S Eddy St.. near Franklin; 5 j
rooms and bath; modern. I
; MISSION. 272S. n<?ar Twentr-thlrd — New upper j
flat. 7 rooms and hath: modern. •,- ¦
NATOMA. 714 — Flat 4 sunny rooms: large j
yard; rent $14. •__ \
PACIFIC ave., 2405. near Fillmore — Flat of I
,6 rooms: sun In every room: large garden, f
. POST. 951— Upper flat; newly renovated; 6 rm«. !
hath: S32 50. Bovee. Toy & Co. Montgny st. ¦
RITCH. 228 Vi — Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 10SO. above Powell — A nice
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath.
SCOTT. 221. near Halrht— A modern flat, 4
rooms aad bath: sun in every rooou '
SUNNY upper flat. 5 rooms, bath and yard. 19
Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth: $22 50.
SWELL Parnassus Heights flat: S sunny j
rooms. 531 Hugo st.. near. Sixth are. ;
TO let— $7; 2 large rooms and yard. 726^ j
Harrison et.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 41J0. nr. Castro— New mod- |
era sunny upper flat. 6 rooms, bath, $22 50. ]
TWENTY-NINTH. 39S3. r.r. Noe — Fine sunny
upper flat; 6 r. and b. : cars pass door: $2O.
T\\ >JXTY FOURTH. 3353. nr. Noe — Fine sunny j
upper flat, 6 r. and b. ; cars pass doer; $20.
¦ "WALTER, ft4. nr. Duboce Park— Desirable up-
per flat. 6 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
riiATS TO IiET — rUBHISHED. i
DEVISADERO. 1627. near Sutter— Modern j
handsomely furnished flat of 5 sunny rooms, j
reception entrance and bath; lights free;
rent $35.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
daily between 1:30 and 8 p. rr... 79 South
Park.
FINELY furnished flat for sale: 5 rooms and ;
bath; no dealers. Box 9C«. Call.
TW ENTY-FIBST, 8331. nr. Valencia — Fur-
nlshed flat; 4 roqms. bath, laundry; sunny.
TEATS POB SAXE— -yQItJaTSIiriED.
NOB Hill new flat to let; present tenant will
sell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 1254
California st.
ELEG.VNTLY furnished 8-room modern flat:
shown from 11 to 1 daily. 824 Geary et-
FOR sale — Very reasonable; furnished flat of 5
rooma. 612 Jessie St.. near Sixth.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished T-
room Cat. Apply mornings.
FT, ATS "WAJTrED.
MAN and wife desire small furnished flat;
Panhandle, Western Addition or on Hyde-st. :
car Une; state particulars. Box 826. Call.
rUHHITTJBE 7OS SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture for 2 rooms and kitchen:
all tn flrst-claas order; will be sold reason-
able on account of giving up housekeeping.
Call at gtore. 906 Folsom st.
FOR sale^ — Parlor set and 100 yards carpet.
Apply at 22O Thirteenth at., between Howard
and Mission.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencla,nr.l6th.TeI.Cfcurch SH79.
H MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur.
nlture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission ;teL Bush 813.
A FOLDING bed. $S: top mattresses. $2 50.
ANDERSON'S, 19 Turk St., Just oft Market.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 60 down, $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
XTrSUITtTBE WA-aJjaD.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7«1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, efflce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
SECOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1145 Mis-
sion «t.; phone Folsom 2713.
TOTAgQIAX.
40 SHARE3 of S. F. bank stock for «a!e at
less than cost; must be sold. Box 1378.
Call offloe. Oakland.
HEIP WAKTTED — rHJIALS.
A^NATIONAL~EM PLOYES* RECORD CO.
Girl, housework. $1 day and found.
Chambermaid. $1 day and lunch.
Waitress, Sonoma County, $25 and found.
Bookkeeper, $50, city.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES" RECORD CO..
509 Hearst Bldg.
Open Saturday until 8 p. nu
A WOMAN to assist with the children In as
Institution; $25; experience required. MIS3
PLUN'KETT. 425 Sutter at., near Powell.
A— WANTED — Gtrls to learn hairdresslny.
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now*
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $19 P*r week up; leading
school In West. 233^ Geary st.. room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacnee halrdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc: give 8
hours' practice a day: add parlor practice to
schooling; secure position?; day and evening
classes: abvoluteiy no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 Powell at.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall s«a-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladles.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st_,r. 15.
WANTED — A* companion and to assist about
house an elderly woman or man; good home
and clothes; some wages: must be respecta-
ble, neat and willing; good place for right
party. Address MRS. F. BENTON. Moun-
tain House. Cummings. Mendodno Co.. Cal.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS AND COTTONADE PANTS.
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. ;
LADIES wanted every w bere copying letters at
home evening or spare time and return to
us: no mailing er canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Enclose self- a 1-
dressed envelope for particular*. Guarantee
Co.. No. S4. Ninth st.. Philadelphia." Pa.
I _ — _ ___
LADIES — Having dollies, centerpieces. Batten-
berg, crocheting and drawn work to *»!!.
also to do order work. Address LADIES*
EXCHANGE. 34 Monroe st.. Chicago.
LADIES— TO DO PIECEWORK AT HOME—
We furnish materials and pay $7 to $12
weekly. Send stamped envelope to ROYAL
CO.. £4 C Monroe st.. Chicago.
GIRL for cooking and general housework,
small family. $30. 1236 Sherman at.. Ala-
meda.' Morton station, narrow gauge; call
after Monday.' •
WANTED — A young girl tor light housework;
no cooking or washing; good home: wages)
$10 a month. 1508 Fen et.; phene Pag* 425,
A COMFORTABLE room for wor tour woman
in exchange for few hour's work; references.
Box 851. Call efflce.
A LADY solicitor at once; good money to right
party. Apply 9 o'clock Monday morning,
Trestle Board. 630 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to keep houae for ese
man on ranch; wages $10. Box «SO. Call.'
A PIE and cake- baker fn dellcatesaen, with
reference. 307 Van Ness ave. .
SS8 " PER 100 for " writing^ letters ; I aend ' stamp.'
Keystamp Company, Breialgsville. Pa.
WANTED— A good saleswoman; salary and
commission. 242 Post st.
GIRL for general • housework: S.adnlta; no
--¦children. 2533 Grove. St., ; Berkeley.-, \ --.•
A SALESLADY; - one who can make herself
generally useful; atata age. Box 1153. Call.
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress wanted;
good yaj. Address box 991, Call tfioa
' CAKPTTT SEATCTO AffD CLIAKIirG. t
CX>>4 pft FVfif* 1 Air a"-.u Vacuum Prjceia usi- J
vtiw!!) <:>-•; '<ir < leaning oarr-ets en f.^or 1
¦witlum remove!; eaxpeta a^id fus* are al*-j i
. c!e«n?-ii v>y coapcCTiafl ai- «t thoju prices j
jr.cilemt*. t ; . V. Cor.:!'tee*«".l A!r fillet i
Co.. 30*> lla:..': 1 r'.. : j«S.n:i«s Mn.n l.Vj ar.i I
Dash <•» ,
V.UIZN yoa tx^ime dl*cttste4 with your work !
rcrd for SPAJ'LUINGS Plaster Csrpet-i-cat-
'g work*. :;r.5-:"t7 Tehan:a st; Tel. .Srutii 4'). i
V. !>"T7.P.N carpet Ol^anlrs V.crU*. V&A lltr- j
rlson st : Al cleaning, iio. KltED HAiJt)- ,
DOi!N i- CO.; pboce Mission 225.
CARPETS cleared T.o; furniture, etc.. mevc-i. j
GIC5LOW. CCS Lsriin et. Phone East 715-
SgITC81SXXr& 2»*> FUuteeuUl et.— Klrst-itass i
<arp;t cleaning 3e yard. Tel. Mi.«**-on 74.
CvNKI.lN's Superior Carprt Eeatir.g Works. ]
:i33 GcUitn Gat* ave. Telephone Cast --C-
XiOPKi; BHOS.; exre!!«r:t carpet beating; mat- j
t:es^cs D3»6e ovgr. li-'.- Harvard :tei.^3u:h 216. i
ADTA2CCS Carpet ClcieSSS Cat 402 Sucur et.; 1
te!. Main ZVl. GtlO. V.'ALCOM fz CO.. Pr-pv
DLCZ3I T-i if & <"•'.. earpet-bemttas works; pri?e# '
rcasu:-.alt. . IT'XI Harrtsc-n *t. :t*I. Mission -CX
ar*^^ m "^ m " —^ — *"^*" — "^"*™ mm ' 1
Z>E27T!STS.
A NTT 1 , plale— Tb« Wr.a>b:ac — Car not hr?ak;
•a»ra-ted 20 yj-s.; nx + r.. $:; SO; fll'.lns*. JOc;
i'iate*. $j; full Kt: alt work painless ar.d
warrant**!. Chicaso IVr.tal Psr'.ors. 24 Sixth.
1 H. UCl>lA:U HII-L. IMJ J£jLrket,nr.EIevenU»
— No rharte ?or •rtractiag ff!>fn plai»» lire
rr.s<V: o!d plates ma'Ie over like c«>.v; teeth
*Trns ?* pn net: extracting 5*-; gas given.
< DJt KXOX. dentist, now located at th« Grant
bu'lding. ti*5 iiarket St.. room 20S; a'.l flrtt-
c'.tt* dentistry at low price*.
J-AIUS I>»titaJ Psj-'.^rs. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush — I
(F«-t tte'_h $1 TAf up; crowr.s. it up; t:'i;wj,ac.
OT'LD f;'i::jr«. 7.V; eUver. 2Ck - : crowr.s. $2; nj
paU&Wpea Pur.day*. Dr.A.C. Hewitt. 2<H Patter
OR R. L T7A1-SH has moved from 647 Geary
«t. ta W» G«e.7V.
•AUTHUn CHIHKCL.M. x urgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
• floor. Phe-ar: bid.. SJ"« Market, ccr. CFarreM.
ALL work gaarSLateed by the New Ycrk den-
t!«?« Dr. P»rlt!r.^. W M!s5'.3:i.ccr.'Uh.
rnrssiuxEES Asm seaksthesses
Wcr-CWELL DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
•"j.irst *r«d beet: thoroughly re!iai>!e.
"•'¦ orld ftir.ous MoIXiwr 11 system cf cutting.
1 r.'i practical business ccur^-e ;n rr.ir.lrery.
Paitrrts cut to niea«are; positions: ref.
: 101B Market St.. above Sixth.
ACADEMY «re»sn--ak'.Eg. 42S Sutter; enly
«-.-hooi that teaches dre*s cutting, makicg
¦ *v*tematicai!y.
. ii-Itu^rLL Dressrriak'ng & MUlisery Schocl —
Fatten:* cut to measure; eve. ciass;1013 Mkt.
Arccritcn. tuaburst ar.d knife-pCaiung. Stew-
. art's buttcn 4- buttonhole factory, liO Taylor
EITEJCTUALISM.
ILP.f. WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings thit
week 25c: cir. Mon.. FYi.. 18 p.m. 1223 Mkt.
V.r.S. ELSIE RETNOLDS' xaateriallrlsg se-
ar.ee jiunckv. 2 and 8 p. m. S2S Ellis st. ; 50c.
MRS. E'cTtR 'formerly "Anthony"), medium.
.::• reader. 711 Karriaon, nr. 3d; L25c g.SOc
• KAF.LE. 1052 Ellis »t., to-night.
MBS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
::fe reader. 11"j6 Market St.. Gait House.
C MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mail JL
35CS 17ti rt.. San Franciscc; tel. Capp S5C.
cxAravoTAirrs.
FKOM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THK NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. SI.
He has tn«t every expectation, every adver-
tised premise.
• He ts acknowledged by all who consult him
•s a true «xtK.nent cf tie occult science; for '
cvercctsing Lrcutle, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, iove. family and financial worries; mould
It not be a rtilef to know how you will sue- !
.ce«l? to be relieved of the matters that are '
tro-jbling you and of the schemes of your ene- I
nits, that you may meet with better sucoess?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at csce to LIVINGSTONE. J
Who is r*rt^ac«?Etly located at
«2S tddy St.; lady attendant.
E"verything atrictly cca2Je=t!al.
Three s*sara.te reception parlors.
AA — CALL at ence itcd save $4.
Ms tair.ous *5 readir-ss this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
the F:rst Ro£i»ter«?d Trance Clairvoyant and
Palniiat Ev« in Saa Franciseo.
I do ttereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
¦fnafcc t> chnree if I tail to tell your name, and |
v.tat yuu wint to know. I tell if husband, wife !
or sweetheart is true cr false, whom and when ]
I ¦ « .:i tr.arry; in fact, I will tell every hope, 1
•_ few cr attrition better than you can tell your-
f*lf. I w;ll improve your condition so you will j
r»arh th<? jrrcatest j>os«itle strength In mental j
and bc<lily vigor, aad luck that insures success |
ta bus:ne«*. coming, speculation; I implact the |
cmtraDtae; power in your nature eo ycra can '
Tascin.ii.te ar.y on« you desire, win the one you ¦
love. triTig back your loved one, and cause
rr.arr:ip» with cne cf choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. rr..; closed Sunday. C26 O'Farrell St.. 326.
OMAR. PROPHET OF THE NILE.
Tc* mf.n cf myFtery and power. Adviaes
rr. ill aftaJrs of life. Gives you a complete
life reading, part, present and future. Has the
tr. !se eiti of heallnjc.
BY SECRET INFLUENCE.
He can bring to you «uee«ee and happiness
ar.'l secure ycur desire. Aids you tn business
c r \nv*.
. Insrructicn erivea: xa«£iueia developed.
K^urs, afternoon and evenings: ca.Il at once.
• 18 Eddy »t. Ledy attendant.
Reed ings, SI this week.
'aOIZL M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Ctatrvcytnt and buslaees medium, perma-
• r.ently located «t 17 Third at., next Examiner
tl'ig. ; she rtais your life correctly, gives an
accurate desTipticn t€ the pert, reveals the
. . present happeniners an portrays events to
occur in ti»» future; if j-ou are In trouble,
•Ite'^mter.ted cr not satlsAed with life, or
have tforaestie, love or business troubles, con-
rutt thi* great medium and yoa will be told
row to overcome them; valuable advice In
all '*»¦'« of life: 23c up; sausfactioa guar-
anteed ; epen Eundaj*. Tel. Black 45O.
A-Mln M. Wiile, 330 EUla. clairvoyant cxysl
fai aeer sad life reader, will telt you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: caste given; special. II; bours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. youns; gifted elair. A: palm.
• I correctly treat your iove aSaire, domestic
trrwblec, bus and f.r.sr. :»! success; names;
L w . 50c; G.. Si. 714 Franklin, rr. G. G. ave.
A VISIT to the Romacv Gypsr Canio at 145
Pcwell St.. or at the Chutes Park, Is worth
ycur time; they are genuine fortune tellers.
1EMAR. Egyptian a^erees. The Vendome. llfM
Market St., Ean Francisco. Offlr* hours— 10
• a. m. to 9 p. m.; 6undays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day fveciag. • t» 8. Pboae South 1141.
M-e.A.H.Krcr<«ib«rg. pe.bxVt.clatrvoyant, card
•"•tiler- wher. others fall try me; good readings
»e. 721 FrankUn.nr.G.Q.av. Tel.Lariria 4207.
A-SQIE. RAVENNA read* Ufe; busineee ad-
vice; -jr.M given: 25c us. S Ellis st.
KSOE WALTEP-S. great card reader; la. 2£e.
• gt::U 60c- 051 Mission St.. nr. 8th; open Sun.
|Ot& CLARK, wpaderful palmist and card
reader: ladies only. 421 Hrfie st. ... .
V.TKS WARD, clairvcjast. gives names, dates.
f*£U: readisgs daily. 917 Market, room la
C V VTLLER'S materializing seanc* to-day
1 :C0 d. sa, SI. lt*4 Bust st.
MME MARSlVl." cart reader; ladies 23c.
I'M SOc. C4S Mlaaa et.
PAX-i::?TnY card reading. 25c and COe. Mica
- U Kihnta*. 704^i Larkin; 10 a. m.-» p. m.
SiIHS. DAL'MANN. tbe well-known fortnae-
•»::-r. la new at 517 E3!Sa at. - 1
CBVCATXOVAX,.
A EIGGER echcol than ever. On June 1 we
tr.oved to new fireproof building. 733 Mleston
»U. between Th'.rd and Fourth; more space;
fla»r roosis: beUer light: ftn*«t tn the West;
ccrne and «e. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
JEAN and STELLA MacDONALD*S etllilren'a
cl«t«- son* ar.d daoce, recitation, physical
culture, ballrooni. fancy and step datcing;
Saturdays, 2:30 p. m.. Excelsior Hall. Mis-
eicn et.. between ISth and 20th.
A— Ti.e LYCEUM, aa accredited preparatory
•chcol for university, law aad medical «ol-
iege» ; refi. prerideot Jordan or any Stanford
prc:ee»cr; day, eve&lng sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— The Paul Gercca School of Acting give*
more performances ar.d secures more engage-
• . tr.er.ts ter studenta than ail ether Western
•chocls: rpecial eumiaer coarse. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYnns. founder of Arres Bcsinecs Col-
i*ge. ha» returned: b-ookkteptng,. penmanship,
th'-rtharsd. typing: f5 morjth: life fccboLarshi?
t-'-'v r- -• .r:--rv Fccured, day, tve. 723 Market.
A— METP.OPOLrTAN Be». Co:.; «C2 Van Ne*«
• «ve.; position* secured. R. H. Webster. Praa.
EaEPIiO'SaiZITT WAITTED — Male — Coa.
1 JOB wanted as offlce boy. Box 863. Call.
'JOB wantod as clerk in dry goods house. Box
S6S. Call office^ _^__
WANTED — A position as collector by a young
man of experience; references and bond fur-
j nished If desired. Box 1001. Call.
i JOB wanted as private .secretary. Box 665.
I Call otflce. -
| -~~~
| JOB . wanted as offlce boy. Box 865. Call.
I JOB wanted in a hardware store. Box S67.
Call office. -•
| . — — — — ; -
JOB wanted in a machine ahop. Eox S6C. Call.
POSITION wanted as porter in liquor store, j
Box CS5. Call. ,
' POSITION as elevator operator in department
| store. Box 119S. Call.
' SITUATION in wholesale house as Janitor.
i Box 1136, CaiL .
j — ;
} PORTER wants work. 73 Sheridan st.
' SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade de-
sir»s a position. O. S., 455 Mrona st.
PHYSICIAN' < registered* desires position in
I advertising office or en the road. Box 539
; Call office.
¦¦ RETIRED sea captain wishes position as
night .watchman: reliable, sober; from State
of Maine: references. Box 506, Call.
WANTKD — Place as rash boy. 330 Natoma st.
j POSITION* in grocery store. JAS. B. Mc-
I DONALD, 118 Fourth st.
GARDENER wants position for two days per
week. Address 1324 Golden Gate ave.
A YOUNG man desires position in wholesale
house to do collecting nnd offlce work. Box
.*23, Call o'flce.
POSITION as barkeeper. Box 824, Call.
t BA.KTENDER wonts position.- Address |
i HARRY SUMMERS. 44 Third tt.
I COMPETENT watchmaker wishes work even-
¦ irics. Box SSI. Call.
i WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. TOM FLYNN. 86 Fourth st.
i'S'Tl'^TION as drummer for wholesale house.
j Box 814. Call offlce.
POSITION as night watchman. Box 628, Call
¦ offlce.
FIRST-CLASS machinist wants position in
shoj>. 217 Clara et.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants a
situation. Box S59, Call offlce. .
| VALET desires poeltlon.' Box 861. Call offlce.
; WANTED — A pcsUlc-a aa barkeeper: German.
237 Twelfth st.
SITUATION wanted, by bookkeeper. Address
box 1011. Call office.
YOUNG iran would like position In. a real
estate offlce. - Box 1006, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a Job In a wholeeal*
house. Box 1008, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as traveling salesman.
Box S3.« ; Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAPS butcher wants situation:
slauchtor-house or shop. Address box 4792.
Call office. ¦
WANTED — Work around saloon. Address box
9flS, Call offlce.
BOY wishes work In wholesale house. JOS. A.
FRIEDMAN, 620 Washington st.
A NO. 1 non-union barber wants a Job. Ad-
dresa box 993. Call office^ /
A DANE big and strong, 33 years. English.
German and the three Scandinavian lan-
guages, good bookkeeper, timekeeper, fore-
man, lumber clerk, handy and willing to do
any kind of work. In city or country, very
sober and induBtrlous. wants steady posi-
tion. Address box SSI. Call office.,
MIDDLE-AGED man, experienced in store
wcrk. bookkeeping, collecting and delivering.
can give services from 4 to 7 hours a day;
small wages or commission: can furnish
bond or deposit. 2918 Twenty-first st.
FIRST-CLAPS coachman and chauffeur for
private family: city or country: steady po-
sition preferred; very best city and personal
references. Box 797.^ Call . office.
YOUNG Frenchman. 23 years of age, wants
to work among plasterers aa helper or learn
the trade. Address L. A. R.. 515H Bush st.
WANTED — Position as salesman or manager,
city or country, by young married man: ex-
perienced In grocery and provision lines;
with Al references. Box 853, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position In hotel
or private house; can do all repairs and al-
terations on electric lights, call bells and
telephones: t« willing to work as handy man. |
Address EDWARD. R. S., IIS Eddy st.
COLLECTOR, first-class references; bond fur-
nished. Box 875. Call offlce.
A STEADY, sober. Industrious young man
wants position in wholesale house. Box
874. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants easy work. Address C.
F., 515H Bnsh at.
CAKE baker wants position. 2223 Mission
street.
VALET wishes position to travel; Is experi-
enced nurse; speaks French, German and
English. Valet, 880 Howard et.
PRINTER disengaged; all-round, Job. lino-
type, presses: steady, reliable. SKEELE3, i
S2SH Ellis st.
WOULD like a position aa stock clerk. Box
816. Call offlce.
WORK wanted by the day by a middle-aged
Christian man; handy with tools; under-
stands machinery, garden and rooming house
work: Jots of any kind taken at most rea-
sonable terms. Box 893, Call offlce.
PLUMBER, first-class, not afraid of work;
city or outside of city. Box 854, Call offlce.
"WOULD like a position as wrapper. Box 852.
Call office.
GERMAN (23 yeare). 2 months her*, wants
steady position; speaks little English: any
work where he can learn the language quick;
city or country. Box 842. Call offlce.
GOOD all-round electrician wishes a position;
city or country: beet of references. Box 987,
Call office.
STEADY, reliable young man, 29, expert, book-
• keeper, desires place aa bookkeerer or ass't,
with cksnee of advancement: flrst-class ref-
erences; wacres low to begin. Box 721, Call.
BOY wants position in wholesale house. Box
900. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position drlvlhg wag-
on. Address 839 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position. Box
002. Call office. ;
YOUNG man attending high school would
like a position on Saturdays. Box S79, Call.
WA NTED— Position as bookkeeper; *b«st cf
references. Box 001, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by boy of 15, in whole-
sale erocery. Address box S77, Call offlce.
WANTED— Pcslttcn aa porter In saloon. Ap-
ply 701 Mission st.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, desires position;
oJflc- work; references: $6 per week salary-
[Box SC8, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as porter. FRED WIL-
SON. 100 Harrison st.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper: Experi-
enced. Apply 140U Howard st.
UNION carpenter wanta Job In country. Ask
for CSTA, 509 Post st.
WANTED— A position as night watchman. Ad-
<Ires» T. D.. til7 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted by young man as Jewelry
salesman. Box 917. Call offlce. ¦ .
WANTED — A position as Janitor. Addresa 363
Fourth et. ¦- . J " . • . •
WANTED — Work af ternoona from 1 to «
o'clock. Address box 916. Call offlce.
YOUNG I man desires position In music store.
Address box 8£>. Call of floe.
YOlftNG man wishes to work in I store. Ad-
dress CHARLES CLAUSEN. 60 Prosper at.
OLD barber wants position In country. Ap-
ply 249 Stevenson st.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes position In
private family. 1110 Stockton st.
CARPENTER, non-union, wants work. Box
811. Call offlce. -
ENGINEER— Position as engineer by sober, re-
liable man- Iocomotiv« or stationary; used to
oil. Box 848. Call offlce. ..,,-- -.
BOY wants a position to learn carpenter. trade.
Box 344. Call office. -~ f
A YOUNG man 1 would like position aa waiter;
experienced.' Address 12 White sU.
HEIP WAJTTSP — rusiAU:— Coatlaaaa.
MIDDLE-AGED lady t^ertnan preferred) for
working housekeei^r; $12 per month: Bt>ud
home ti> suitable person. O. GREtbCHE. Z113,
Carlton St.. Eas*t Berkeley^
WOMAN of practical experience In business tfl
martase branches of city firm in Siat* B>>x
tUff. Call offlce.
WANTED— Representative in ea^h county --n
coast to handM our magazine: liberal com-
mission. California Woman's Magazine. & F.
WANTED — A girl to cook and (in general
housework: family of 3. 13C2 McAllister at.;
call mornings.
WANTED— Competent girl for up.nairs work
an-i sewing; good wages. Apply -110 Califor-
nia st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for milli-
nery. Apply Superintendent's offlce. Tb*
Emporium .
WANTED — An experienced cloak and suit
saleslady; reply stating exp«rience. refer-
ences, etc. Box 997, Call.
A YOUNG girl ftfr light housework. 1305 El-
WANTED — Competent woman for sec-end worfc;
references; 2!0t» Octavia st.. nr. Pacific ave.
WANTED — Errand gir!. 138 Geary it.
TEACHER for country school, immediately.
57S Parrott building.
A FIKST-CLASS tailoress en pants. Call at
lOOD «1ay st.
A FRENCH girl for general housework; foodl
wages. Addresaj 2114 FUlmora at.
WANTED — A flrst-c!a5s cook for prtvate fam-
ily: Reno. New ; wages $30: call Sattiriiav.
Sunday or Monday morning, between » and 3.
at 2623 Pacific ave.. city.
YOUNG girls want/»d lt> wind yam; st^s.-i-/
work. GANTNER & MATTERN CO.. *>7
Grove tt.
GIRLS and dresimakers- to learn new Joy Bjs>
t»m dresscuttmg. JOHNSTON. 131 Post.
room 2.
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks and suite. D.
M. DAVICSON. 52 First st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address tn tS»
Cntted State* ct Canada on« year for $1.
HEl!PJWA3rTEI>— TOA^S.^
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bill clerk, lumber ca, $o'A
Assistant bookpacker, ?.'-"•¦
4 elevator bo>-3. fiJ week.
Office assistant, good at figures. (30.
One feeder, printing. *1- week.
2 janitors, good salary.
Carpet ealesznan. knowledge of furniture.
business. 515".
Taller. Palo Alto, good salary.
Lumber box factory foreman, good salary.
Fur cutter, ?3 50 .day.
Champagne salesman.
Registered druggist. • country. $75.
Manazer dry goods, best here.
Office open Sunday until 2 p. m.
500 Hearst Bldg.
SHOE salesman, country, $W and commission;
coachman, $35 and t d. ; 2 men about p!*c-.
$25, fort and found; fruit farmer and wlf".
$50 and found; farmers. $:«, SCO and found:
assistant gardener. J25 and found: foreman
for sash and door factory. J21 week; tw>
blacksmith's helpers. *3T< and found aad $2
day; laborers for woods. *3O and board; 3
miners. $3 day; 3 laborers for mine. SZ 5t»
day: buggy washer and harness cleaner. $2
day; cooks, waiters, cUshwaJh-rs. oystermen.
hotel porters and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 62S Sacramento »t.
"' OPEN SUNDAY 10 to 12.
AT HORD i SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 05 Third St.
Laborers, steam shovel cut. $2 2T>, fare $3 6a
Laborers, company. ?2. steady work.
Laborers. near city. $-
Teamsters, near city, $2.
Plumber, city. 14.
Cooks, north, J25 and founi.
Fruit -workers. San Jr«e, *1 and found.
Ranch hand, south, $25 and found. ¦
[ WANTED—
8 good saiesinen.
'i good candymakers. ~~-
3 good helpers.
Must have some money aad become inter-
ested In the business; al?o dealers who have
a desire to co-oj>erate with us can become In-
terested In their own candy factory to supply
them, making their profits better and sur«r;
not more than $100»> allowed to outside parti**
for Investment. KELLER CANDY CO.. ln-
' corporated. main ofSce at Oakland. Cal.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
»42 Commercial at-, r.eax Kearny.
SPECIAL— TO-DAY iSunday). 11 to 1 p. tn.
Cook, S men. dredger. 155 f d. ; cook, few men.
mine, boss here. ?35 fd.: cook, small camp.
$35 fd.; 2 farmers. $1 fare. $3» fd.: 4
swampers. $35 fd. : machinist, company work.
$60 fd. ; 25 hop pickers: call for list of jobs.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton — Extra help
for the holidays: no charge: also butlers.
S4O to $5O: second butler. $Co: kitchen ar.4
pantry boy. private place. $30; waliem.
$10 50 a week; cooks. $3O. ?£> and $t5:
gardener, large country place. $40: bak?r
for institution. $35; Janitor f->r Institution.
$25: dishwasher for college. $23, etc.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, knowledge of stenography. $5i>.
Girl for housework. Presidio. $t day and M.
Starch Ironer, Watscnville. $2 a day.
Cook, family nt <*. five at lunch, $25 found.
Offlce open Sunday until 2 p. m.
500 Hearst building.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2S Montgomery, r. 12 —
Sunday, 9 to 11; second cook. $70: steward.
$45.
WANTED— 10 men each Stat* to travel, tack
¦ signs distribute samples and circulars of
our goods: salary S''.f> per month: $.1 p*r
day for expenses. KL'HLMAN CO.. Dept.
A-«5. Atlas block. Chicago.
WANTED — A ycung man about IS ta type-
write and shorthand; should be a good pen-
man. Inquire Wednesday cr Thursday p.
m. at P. C. L. aad M. Co.. Second anl
Grove sts.. Oakland.
YOUNG men everywbere. ccpy letters, hom»
evenings; $0 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. t=4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— At Independent Agency. t>!2 M-r-
chant st.. baggy washer. $75 p»r month, call
before 10 a. m. : laborers, city. $2 25 and
$2 50: cooks, waiters and ethers.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morntrtg paper south of
Market st. ; no Sunday work; apply between
10 and 11 a. m., Monday. September 5. 13^3
Mission st.
WANTED — Young man who Is experienced
crockery peeker. Apply between » and 11
a. in. at HALE BROS.' ¦•: ",'-. ..
WANTED — Young man who Is a first-clas*
bundle wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' . ': .„"
MEN and women, learn the barber tra't*:
wages paid while learning. HAIGHTS, «47
Commercial «t. .
EXPERIENCED drapery salesman wanted.
Apply, giving age-, ex peri'! nee. references and
salary exr-ected. Box 920. Call offlce.
SALESMAN and manager fcr our Portland
branch store, hardware ar.d machinery. «J.
. G. WICK5OX & CO.. 34-38 Mtn St.. S. F.
WANTED — A young German clerk for grocery
and bar; nobody but sober men need apply.
100 Eleventh st.
MECHANICAL draughtsman: ore who Is rt-
perlenced la automatic machinery. Box 1155.
Call office.
TWO-chair barber shop: receipts $JO week:
cigar stand. Amsly CONNEAU FUR CO..
Alameda. " j
WANTED — An all around blaekamlth by th»
15th- Call cor. High and Fourteenth sts..
San Leandro road.
BOY wanted for work In plumbing shop. 910
Larkln st. '
BOY wanted about 15 years of ag». Apply
2 to 4 p. m.. 612 California st.
WANTED — Bright erranJ bey; steady posi-
tion. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 2C3 Putt st.
TWO young men to team the barber trade.
For particulars Inquire T31 Mission tt.
VEST makers wanted. GEO. .BOSS, 1414
Market st.
MESSENGER boy for offlce. . Apply Tuesday,
room 4. 320 California, a*.
WAITER steady man. $11 week: union house.
CR036'" BAKERY. 517 Montgomery at.
W \NTED — Flrst-class real estate salesrsaa.
Address box 019, Call offlc*.
WANTED — A clear-headed, active boy; whole-
sale house; permanent. Box 919. Call office.
SHOE repairer: steady Job: no night work: eld-
erly man pfd. MAJOR REID. 273 Katactta.
MAN wanted for light work and collect- 1113
.Market at., room 1.
JOB printer capaWe of managing well-estab-
lished office en share*. Box 1159. Call offlce.
PANTS flnUhers at orc«: must be experienced.
Royal Pants Co., 223 Kfarny »t.
BOOKKEEPER who has experience In lum-
ber. Address box 1147. Call.
WANTED — Good dishwasher. 203 McAllister.
at., near Hyde." ;"• ."'.'..
For Additional Classified Adrertfee>
. : menu See Page 44,
uaiPiiOVMXiiT "WANTED — Pemale— Con J
WOMAN wants work by day; housecleaninj. j
7C8 Bryant st. f
A WOMAN wants hctsewori: in smell Ameri-
can family. Bos 1190, Call efflcr.
WANTED — Sewing by the day; ?1 per day and
carfare. Address £r-amstrcss, 571 East
Twelfth St.. East Oakland. j
RELIABLE, Lontst young v.-oman wishes Ken- 1
<?ral ftfl'tsework cr care of invalid; reference |
if ro»iu!re'i; no mall answered. 505 Natoiaa st.j
WANTEDr-liy r«srcctable woman, half «lay*» j
washing cr dexninx. Please call or address [
3^70 Harrison st. I
COMPiyriCNT n-urso wishes ensajcniPJUs; con-
rineiT;«-rits,:nva!i<ls: cheerful. pain."-;n>tln-r;rti's.; !
modM-af tenr.3. MRS. KING, 1150 Turk st
LADY wishes to work cut by day. $1 50 and
carfare. UF.S. ?.. (531 Golden Gai? ave..
ALL kir.dj of sewing nicely done:' will do s»tt- (
ir.g nulck on short crdc-r: good work zuar-
ant«fd; called fcr and delivered, nr wi!l go j
out by the day. Phone Scott 1324;box{ft2.CaIl 1
MIDDLi:-AGED lady wouM like to take charge j
cf ln\alld. Apply 14fr4 liilis st. |
YOi'.VG la'iy would like a position as saleslady.
692 Oak e\. - j
A COMPETENT woman Wants work by the
day at $1 50 a day. Please cal!, 37 Rltch st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, or will ;
take plain washing home. MRS. D.. box
SS7. Call efflce. -, j
A TOl'NO *iri wiphfp position as nurse pirl;j
best experience; city references. Box 8S-S,
Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing.
boGsecJeaning. by the d«y. Harriet st.. I
in rear.
WOKAK wants work by the «ay. Address 6C6
Howard ".. j
A WOMAN wants work by the day. waahlns,
ironing ar.a hous^clpaning: $1 25 and car
fare, nox II 5S. Call otfice.
SITUATION wanted aa chambermaid. Box
HJ«. Call offlce. •
COMPETENT woman wants engagement for
Monday and Tupmlay; good laundress, house- |
vrcrker. Arp!y 124 Lily ave., bet. Oak and )
Fell sts. !
A THOROUGHLY temperate and honest Am<?r- j
ican woman, thoroughly experienced in all j
k'nds of houreivcrk. Rood washer of flannels i
and experienced Uundrc+s. goes cut by the i
day. Box 1180. Call offic*. j
YOUNG German woman want* hnusecleanlng: j
$1 day. Address MRS. V.. B Ritch st., off .
Fclsom. bet. Third and Fourth, In rear. ;
AN experienced nurse wants a few more con-
finement cases. 767 Capp rt.
EXPERIENCED Sigh-arm watlrees wants ex-
tra work during conclave week, bet. 12 m.
ar.d 12 p. m.: 50c per hour. Box SS6, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like situa-
tion to take care of invalid or children; has
had experience. Address Nur«s. »58 Mission, j
AN experienced woman would like to wait at
table and aselst In cooking Sundays and holi-
days. Address Box 11S5. Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman to wcrk by the day;
washing or Ironing. Call Sunday. 1133 La-
sruna st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work of any kind a
few hours dally. MRS. J.. 763 Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE woman; chamberworlc or help
In general: restaurant or boarding-houee. 744
Howard at.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor suits, coata,
evening gowns; cutter arid fitter: only flret-
cla?s work done; engagements per day; all
work warranted. MISS BARSS, Sherman
House, 2S Eighth st.
TWO Finnish girls want positions in Oakland:
one for cook, one for second maid. Apply
C5« Forty-first st.. Oakland.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework.
15 >i Welsh st.
SITUATION wanted— Neat middle-aged Ger-
man woman as working housekeeper for
widower or bachelor. Box 114S, Call.
GOOD dressmaker will go out by day during
this month; $2 to $3 day. 550 Stevenson St.,
near Seventh.
LADY wishes place on chicken ranch en shares;
good housekeeper. MRS. C. MARTIN, Ala-
meda.
A RESPECTABLE, neat, kind young woman
wishes general housework or care for invalid.
563 Natoma st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPIOYMZST VAHTEP — MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS tailor here or in Los Angeles.
Address or come to 547 Lombard st. Mr. A.
L. DELL.
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter man wants situa-
tion. H» B.. box 270. Call.
COMMERCIAL traveler wishes position; best
references. Box IOCS. Call.
I EXPERIENCED liquor and cordial salesman,
with an established route, desires position.
Box 1002. Call.
¦ CIGAR salesman wants a position. Address
JESSE GREENFIELD. 2023 Pacific ave.
I •
! BARTENDER wants position. 426 Kearny «t.
¦ WANTED — A position as porter. 755 Mission
street.
i BARKEEPER wishes position as relief a few
hours daily. Box 1017. Call.
j SHOE clerk wants situation. B24 Ellis at.
j BOY wants a position In a wholesale house;
best of references. Apply at 132C Eddy st.
BARTENDER wants position: extra work.
C72 Mission st.
i YOUNG man deeires position as errand boy.
i Eox 701. Call.
! WANTED — Position as steward; best of refer-
ences. Box 647. Call.
I PLUMBER wants steady work. 204 Ellis st.,
: room 24. :
1 GERMAN wants poeltion as porter or lunch
man. Box 1004. CaiL
WELL-KNOWN experienced salesman wishes
' a position in wholesale or retail business.
Box 1PU>. Call.
BOY wants offlce work. 204 Thirteenth St.,
city.
A BOY wants to learn plumbing. Box 1013,
Call office.
' COMPETENT stenographer wishes position
with local wholesale dry goods firm. J.
MEYERS. 42 Fourth st.
¦ FIRST-CLASS general machinist wants steady
position, city or country. Box 1012, Call.
BOY 16 wants position to learn machinist's
trade. Bex 646, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like situation as appren-
tice in machine shop In city. Box 804, Call.
BARBER wants Job In country In flrst-clacs
shop. Address box €45, Call offlce.
BARBER wants position In downtown shop.
J. D., 128 Twenty-eighth st.
i BOY mants poeltion as wagon boy. Box 802.
Call offlce.
A YOUNG man would like to work evenings;
Janitor work preferred. Box 725,/ Call.
1 •—¦—.—
I WAITER wants evening Job. Box 803, Call.
WRAPPER wants position In wholesale bouse.
Box S10. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 833, Call
office.
i WANTED — Position by porter in barber shop.
; 33 Powell ave.
i WATCHMAN wishes position. 1074 Howard
j etreet.
j SITUATION aa Janitor In bank. Box 808, Call
efflce. *
A YOUNG man would like work as dish-
washer. 1124 tt Dupont «t.
CAKE baker wants position in country. Ap r
Ely 625 Clay at. ' " ;.¦--.;
WANTED — By boy of IT. position In whole-
sale bouse. Box S'H. Call.
WANTED — A position as stableman. Address
1&24 Oak st. '
WANTED — A position as/ gardener; Address
818 Pierce st. ¦¦
JOB wanted as delivery. wagon boy. Box 86«.
Call offlce. ¦ : • . -
JOB wanted as apprentice In a foundry. Box
857. Call office. ' .
JOB wanted as elevator boy. Box 866. Call.
JOB wanted as errand boy- Box 866, Call.
JOB wanted as exercise boy at the track.
Box 86C, Call office. -¦ ¦ - . .
JOB wanted as apprentice in mailroom. Box
868. Call offlce. - . -
JOB wanted aa bookkeeper. Box 865, Call.
EBIPI.O-garECTT -WAgrTEP— Mala— Con.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer
will work by the day or piece: also do dec-
orating^ 927 Eddy st.; phone Larkln SCM.
COACHMAN (firstrclass) wishes situation: 13
years' experience; highly commended: Box
1157. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants situation as offlce boy
Box 1161. Call offlce. \
PAINTER, paperhanger. sienwrlter: tools
furn. 1272 Fclsom et. Phone Mint 131.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position in
wholesale house. Box 914. Call office. I
, — [
JAPANESE wants position as school boy in j
good family. Address, by letter only, T.
KIMUKA. S07 Polk at. j
PAINTER and paper hanger with tools wants '.
work. Address 547 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS driver wishes position In pri-
' vate place; understands gardening thorough-
ly: all around man; sober and reliable; good
reference. Box 1104, Call offlce.
EMPLOYMENT as "spieler" or "barker." Box
I 11S3. Call office. !
I ¦ j
! JANITOR or porter, energetic young man (23). !
who wishes to attend school, wants employ- |
m?nt after offlce hours and part of night for |
reasonable wagres; net particular about the
work: reference-* if reiutred. Addresa J. !
UIANCHI. UM Eleventh «.
; COFFEE roaster wants position. Address H. J.,
: 724 Union St.. tan Francisco, Cal.
BOY of 14 will ko errands after school. Box
1196, Call of floe.
YOUNK man would like position driving wagon.
Address 321 Bryant st.
YOU.N'G man; generally useful; some machine
shop experience, also shipping, porter work.
etc.; email wages; references. Box 890. Call.
TRAVELING twsltlon wanted by a,- specialty
man; three years' experience selling grocery
trade; best of references. Box 8S». Call.
CANDY maker wants oositlon in retail estab-
lishment. Box 1105, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position In fruit store. Address 9V4
Verona place.
SITUATION as watchman desired by a sober
and trustworthy man, a*»d 35; references if
necessary. Box 1191. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man thoroughly experienced In
hardware line would like position la retail
store; good refeirnces. Box 13e», Call offlce.
Oakland.
DRUG clerk, graduate, with 5 years' experi-
ence, good references, would like position in j
retail store. Box 1368, Call office. Oakland.
MILLWRIGHT — Non-union man; first-class
Eastern reference; sawmill. Box 1371. Call
offlce, Oakland.
A HANDY man wants work on private place;
handy with horses, lawn, garden, etc.; wage*
from $30 to $35 and found. Box 1375, Call
offlce. Oakland.
GARDENER, thoroughly experienced In all
branches pertaining to gardening and care
of flrst-class private place, desires Immediate
engagement. Box 077, Call.
POSITION as watchman, wholesale house;
$1000 eecurity. E. F. CAMPBELL. 2018H
Powell st.
YOUNG man would like work of some kind:
will work for small wages, with board and
room. Box 860. Call offlce.
POSITION by an experienced traveling sales-
man, familiar with Pacific Coast and Orient.
Box 853. Call offlce.
JOB carpenter; strict attention paid flre Jobe;.
prompt and reasonable. Address Carpenter,
435 Seventh St., city.
A BRIGHT English boy. age 18, desires a po-
sition with a good family In the country;
good references. Box 101S. Call.
GOOD sober man wants steady work of any
kind; can milk; care for horres; no experience
in garden work; city or country. Box 992, Call
ELEVATOR operator wants situation. A. P.,
box 1019. Call offlce.
YOUNG Swiss wants work in nursery or as
gardener. Box «4t». Call.
A GOOD varnUher and polisher wants work
on pianoo. mahogany or antique furniture;
pianos scraped and repolished at very rea-
sonable price. Address box 1151. Call.
JOB wanted as elevator boy. Box 1108. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Scandinavian to
work in a warehouse or hay barn or lumber
yard; good worker. Box 1160. Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, wants work In
town or country; can take charge. Address
box 1377. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes position as stenographer
or bookkeeper; references. Address 2635
Mission st.
ENGINEER of roads, bridges, etc., or fore-
man of works; 10 years' practical experi-
ence; employment wanted. H. RICHARDS,
G. P. O. £
A FIRST-CLASS licensed non-unton plumber
wants work from property owner; has all
neceesary shop tools; city or country. Box
700. Call offlce. -
BOOKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper. IS years'
experience, desires engagement; collections
and correspondence a specialty; salary mod-
erate. Box 791, Call offlce.
POSITION desired as surveyor's assistant;
lands or mining; any part of state; corre-
spondence asked. H. WESTON, G. P. O.
YOUNG man. experienced In office work, de-
strea a poeltion where he can learn archi-
tecture. Box 1018, - Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation by experienced collector;
best references given and bond if necessary.
Address box 1015. Call offlce. Oakland.
SALESMAN with long experience wishes posi-
tion in general merchandise store In the
country: good references. Box 746, Call.
A JAPANESE couple want situation in fam-
ily; man* la first-class fancy cook and wife
le experienced waitress; 15 years'' reference;
wages $60 up. Addresa M. SHI, 518 Jessie
st. Telephone South 99.
A JAPANESE good cook wants situation as
schoolboy: ap't house: spe&ks good English.
HARRY AMEMJYA.1303 Polk;tel.Larkin 4S2.
A NICE Japanese, well educated, housework,
by the day. 371 Bush st.
i5552 A J55*£:
FOR sale or exchange— Grocery and liquor
store in warm belt of Miselon; no competi-
tion; three living rooms; ideal place for man
and' wife; will exchange ror city real estate;
price $1500. , Box g34. Call offlce.
rLATS TO LBT.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
servic? absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253
' Geary St.. on the square.
DOWNTOWN fiat — Modern 9-room flat, sun In
every rcom: furnishings for sale at bargain;
rent only $42 50; water fr*e. Apply 178 Oak
ft., between 10 and 3 o'clock.
4002 TO- 4012 10th st, cor. Noe; block from
ISth or Castro cars; only 4 of these lovely
eunny 5-room flats left: key 3978 19th. PAT-
TERSON & CO., 202 Examiner bldg.
GOUGH, 1203-5-7, near O'Farrell— 3 modern,
sunny flats of 7-10 and It rooms: rents $40.
$50 and $55. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 513 California st.
$17 50 TO $24 — 20 new, sunny, modern flats of
4 to 6 rooms and bath; Lombard st.. east
and .'wort of Devleadero. VON RHEIN
REAL ;¦ ESTATE CO., 513 California et.
NEW. flats, on tha west line of Van Ness ave-
nue, north of "Francisco: rents ranging from
$25 to $35. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 013 California st.
NEW Presidio Heights flat*: 3533 and 3535 Sac-
ramento st.: sun In every room: 6 rooms and
¦bath; 20 minutes from Market and Eddy:
owner on premises. 10 to 4.
$22 SO— 2 UPPER flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; sunny and new.' 21 and 23 De Long
ave., near Ashbury and Waller sts.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom-^Iust \ com-
pleted: elegant corner flats of 6 rooms; $22 SO
and $25. ,,
EUREKA. 122 — New sunny flat. 4 room* and
bath: rooms all tinted; near ISth-st. cars.
JOOST SON «V CO.. 320 Bush. at.
LYON, WVt — Fine large modern upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; rent $40. Near Golden
Gate Park.
NEW Colonial flats, 8. rooms and reception
hall; artistically decorated; $22 80. B st..
Third ave., near Park.
FURNISHED flat; . 2 bedrooms and kitchen;
rent cheap; Union st.. near Taylor. Inquire
. 1546 Powell st.
ASHBURY. 508, corner Page— Desirable upper
fla,' 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. -
BAKER. 731-738, near McAllister— 2 extra fine
flats; * and 7 rooms; nearly sew.
BUSH. 141T. bet. Polk and Van Nesa— * rooms,
bath; yard} basement; rent reason* bio.
j EDTJCATICI.-AX, — Contniued. '
{ A— CHiCA'JO UColNKcS COLLEGK.14.tf Mar-
ket. gurant»*s ].;-*I!.ii:r.s to sp-sdua;es: X'it-
tuun t-fcvrtfcstKi. &I>!ac, bc*cWk*?plnK; ifS ran.
j KNGjrCKlIiJING — Civil, rlec. m:n.. uieeh., but-
\ty. assay, cyanide; tiay. «"v.; est. 1SC4: Van
j o'er Nailiea s"cho»l. 11" Fultcn, rir. City Hail.
' CLASSES in sjbqrt stCTT r-titirg ar.d jcumal-
i>"ii r-'Gl on Men.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 i>. m..
2333 Ph-lan tide: terms very reasonable.
; BOOKKEEPING. Erg., math., etc.; day and
j eve., individual instr. SC5 Larkin St., Pror.
T. A. Roblsscn, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
j WANTED— Exchange electrical and mechanical
, engineering I. C. S course fcr metal mining
course. Box 905. Call offlce.
• FOTt <i»Ie — Scholarship in Polytechnic Easiness
College of Oakland. Address Grove st..
Oakland.
' WANTED — Ladies to learn lace making: all
Knglinh thread lsre taught. 7VK> McAllister.
! SPANISH classes and p.-Jvate; fifth successful
I vjrtmt of teachir.i. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
] ADULT and Juvenile classes r.cw open. Hln-
man's School cf Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
j PRIVATE Itt-sons in teifgra^'iy: rapid yucce«=3
asrurej to stu-lents. 21(5 Sr^it. nr. Haight.
! PIANO Weens ty pupil of New Kr.p. OoaserV-
atorr. HS Glen" Park ave.; phone Jessie 1546.
SPANISH. French. etc.Prrf.De Fiiir.pc'sAcadrmy
of Iar.gU2g-s.101*! Pet: est.l&71;ablcst profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'Iy by r.iall and per-
»cr:al!r. il!*s M. U. Barrett. 3C2 Aiontg my.
! SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day acd
i PARTINGTO.VF. <1 V 4 Plre «t.— KlgPt cla»».
I KENT Law 5v-i.r>ol. da/ and ntpht; send for
particular*. ."£0 Tsrrou building.
; BANJ<_>. g-uitar.^man.iolin: 2 hours. 50c. 317
Ocuzh ft., near Hayes.
1 ISAAC Pitrr.an Business Coll<ce. 345 Haight;
Individual ln*truc. ; all branches; day. ere.
¦ WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete cur»e, $C mo. $30: eve. SI mo. : private
j CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
g SaiTI.OT3ffEaTC OPPICES.^
A — JAPANESE ar.d Ctlcese employment efflce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
g. I MLR A. S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
1 A— OHPHKL1I Employment Office — Japane«e-
Chir.ee« help. 426 Powell «t. ; tel. Main 5752.
i CHINESE EUnpioyn-.tnt Office — Best holp at
Iy-cn Seurgs, 4114 O'Farre;'.; tel. East 426.
! WE furnish oookktepers. clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 609 Hearst bid.
'.. JAPANKSE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
I best help. Frits Tamac&ki.zngr. ;te!.Bush S59.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main E1S8.
I CHINESE ar.d Japar.es* help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 19S7. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
jzarPLOTMEirr vamted— rEaiALE,
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
mere engagements by the day: good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 809, Call.
I LADY wants sewing to do. 115 Ryan ave.
I YOUNG woman m-lshes position as dressmaker.
535 Oak St.
LADIES' tailor wants a good position. 1312
Howard st.
A MILLINER wishes a position. 1074 Howard
street.
WOMAN would Ifke sewing. 202S Ellis et.
A LADY wishes a position as a seamstress in
private family; thoroughly competent; also
good cutter. Bex 8C5. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 2076 Bryant
street.
A WOMAN wishes work by day. Apply 255
Minna et.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 915 Howard
etreet.
GIRL. 15. wants position In an office. Box
CSS. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position In a dry goods
store. Address box S30, Call offlce.
A WOMAN" wants to work by the day. 342
Mission st.
WOMAN would like to to out sewing by the
day. 741 Howard st.
A LADY wishes housework. Apply 338 Minna
street.
WANTED — A position a* waitress (union). Ad-
drtss box 812, Call office.
WANTED — By respectable lady, to take out
invalid by week. Please call or address
2275 Harrison St.
• JOB wanted as etenographer. Bex 857. Call
j offlce.
I JOB wanted as typewriter. Box 867, Call of-
flee.
I JOB wanted as telephone girl. Box 868. Call
office.
j WOMAN would like to work by the day. 342
Minna st. .
WANTED — Position as cashier; experienced;
restaurant; references. Addrees box 656, Call.
BOOKKEEPER— Lady, capable and competent,
desires good position: good references; state
I eaiary and particulars. Box £22, Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as waitress In
private family; b«st of experience. Box 836,
Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as nurse girl;
bejt of experience. Box 835, Call offlce.
i EXPERIENCED crocheter en worsted goods
desires work. Box 1005, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as typewriter. 114 Scott
street.
WOMAN -wants work by day. SIT Clara st.
1 WANTED — A position as hairdresser. 453
i Mizna st.
' WANTED — By a competent woman, position
as chambermaid. C20 Third et.
' EXPERIENCED demonstrator wants position.
Box 825. Call offlce.
' YOUNG woman wants position to do light
housework. Box £27. CaJl office.
' WANTED — A poeltion as housekeeper in a
small family by an elderly Eastern lady.
M. J. H.. box 811, Call offlce.
, WANTED — Position as seamstress. Box 984.
Call offie*.
SITUATION by reliable woman In small Amer-
ican family;- general housework. 207 Minna,
at., near Third.
' STENOGRAPHER wishes position, steady or
temporary. Address 1226 Golden Gate ave.
EASTERN woman wants situation; good cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home; references.
Address Cook, box 086, Call offlce.
1 GERMAN woman wants position as cook, pri-
vate family; sleep home. Box 620. CaiL
: TO mind two children. 2 Morris avenue.
• A FIRST-CLAES dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home. $2 and lunch; children's
• ud misses' dresses also. 27B i-earl tt.. bet.
Market. Valencia and Thirteenth.
' WANTED — Position as housekeeper by young
I woman. Box 817, Call offlce.
. WOMAN wants work by the day. 41 Eleventh
street.
A SITUATION by lady as companion to elder-
ly perfton. Address box 690, Call offlce.
* COLORED woman would like to do warning
and ironies at home. 115 Moulton'st.
NEAT yourg colored woman wants work tn
1 private family or vmall boarding house;
country preferred. Box 649, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER and laundress by mlddle-
sged weman; city or country. Address room
! 15, 612 Fourth st.
. ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagement
by day. H 80: dreeees altered; pertect fit
guaranteed. Addrees box S.«<5. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like writing to do at her
: own home. Box 98S. Call office.
YOUJCO girl wacts a place to do housework
and t»kt- care of children. Address 1629
Gftryit. '
COLORED lady wants to do washing and Iron-
ing at home. MRS. MORROW. 2324 Green-
wich at.
COLORED lady wants washing and Ironing
to do at horc«. No. 1 Regley place, off Pierce.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with small
family or to care for children: private family
ct rooming-house. H.. Box 847. Call office.
A LADY- would like a place as housekeeper
where there are children. Address 217 Minna,
A LADY wlsiies a position as working house-
k«»eper. 8«1 Howard st. ., • . ' -
A YOUNG- rirl would like a position as type-
writer and bookkeeper; can give good refer-
ences. S33& FoUwm at.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901
44
KELP WANTED— -aiAT i E--Contla«ea. i
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS;
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER- I
JNTENDENT, ItOOMS 31 AND 32, <TH
vj.nojx, r>rs Montgomery st.; call
_MORNINGS. . I
_____ I
EETTING commissioner wanted— Man of good !
address, having wide acquaintance in own j
locality to place wagers on Presidential elec- j
tion: cash commission paid. Writ* f u! ' v > !
giving references. Address P. O. box liC«.
New York. j
TRUSTWORTHY man to manage branch for
large manufacturing concern; $K>0 per month '
and commission; applicant must furnish ref-
erence* and SISOO to Jl'JOO. Address Man-
ager. .123 W. Tv.-elfth st.. Chicago.
WANTED— First-class mixer for cracker fac-
tory; specialty man on nodas desired; must
furnish re!ert-nces. Address 1*71% W. i?lxth
; el., Lcs Angeles. Cal. j
i |
: 3-CHAIIt barber shop for sale; best In city, i
Box 615. Call. |
! A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a ;
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER- '
i SON. 477 and 478, Parrott building. ;
I WANTED — An Al salesman to fell Jewelry on
¦ Installments. Room 307, Bacon block. Oak- '
|__d__ i
I BOYS of various age* for stock, carti and
¦ wrapper*. Apply Superintendent's office. The
I Emporium.
| BARBER chop for sale; 2 chairs; steady trade. ;
227 Hayes .at.
I MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks !
I required; constant practice and expert In- j
¦traction: positions secured: special Induce- :
ments this month: catalogue mailed free- j
: Moler System College. 6S5 Clay st .j
I ALL unemployed elerkx, bookkeeper*, mechan- '
i ice, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited :
: to register with us free of charge. HORD |
| • A SMITH. 95 Third rt.. 8. F. j
I WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing '
! trad*; Coyne- Bros. Co. School of Practical
i Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5 ¦
Easton ave.. St. Louis, Mo. j
WANTED — M*n and women to prepare Wr ,
Government positions. Apply for-freo cata-
i logue giving pr/tlculars. Pacific Correepond-
! esc* Institute. Grant bldg.. 1035 Market at j
i WANTED — Laborers, and mechanics to know j
, that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has ,
, added 100 new rooms v to the Denver House, j
1 217 Third St.: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night. |
I . 1
i YOUNG enerretle men wanted at one* for |
: light work: guaranteed good pay with lmme- [
; dlate opportunities for advance. 247 Fifth. :
Contractors and eraplayers of labor throughout ¦
th«i State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. 612 Merchant at, 8. F.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 A $1 50 i
pair; foot-form Ehoes, $2 50; we pay express :
charges. II Sd rt.. Exm. bld.:open till 9 p. m. i
— ' '¦ j
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS. A CO., 24 Butter *t. |
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber ahep and 2 house- !
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wanted at 137 3d *t. where choes n.n re- •
paired by machinery ;sewed yolea 10 mln.. 75c. I
WANTED — Tourg man to learn barber trade; !
wsgea paid while learning. 741A Howard. .
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachm-nt*. !
Law and Adjustment Co.. 828 Montgy.,r. 415. ¦
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for <
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st. !
SAILORS and ordinary teamen for all parts of j
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st !
' PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r.40, Phelan bldg. i
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post O. A. R. '
! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar- ;
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms; ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENT, subscriptions received at j
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church Rts. ;
ALL tlzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half ;
price. 5C3 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d Ms. !
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d Ms. j
¦ i
SAEESMAJr WANTED.
WANTED — Men who are not successfully en-
raged In representing wholesale tailoring
Orms; the very beet wholesale tailoring hou»c
In the United States will give such men an
opportunity to make more money; the very
best eampl* equipment, such as woolens, on
; consignment.Gwatches. unlimited advertising
matter, etc.. will be furnished; branch store*
will be opened without requiring investment:
: *ure tneome assured to right parties; good
': salesmen will find this their opportunity.
Addrers A. K. NICKOL, lock box 529 Chl-
cago. 111. * "
TRAVELING salesman by large wholesale
house to eell general stores in California; po-
sition Dermanent. P. A. WATSON, sales
manager. 56 Fifth ave.. Chicago.
ACTTVE traveling salesmen; good men are now
; earning $3000 annually In commissions; h*Ft
aide line offered. D. T. WEIR WHITE LEAD
CO.. St. Louie, Mo.
WANTED — For holiday trade, Juat opening, 2
specialty salesmen; sober, reliable hustlers;
caa clear $3000 by Christmas. Address V.
A. K., box 470, Kansas City, Mo.
WANTED — Traveling man In druggist sundry
line, to handle side line on commission.
Reliance Commercial Co., r. 303, 61» Mission.
TRAVELING talesman ; good man each State;
no experience; permanent; good pay; liberal
expenses. C M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit. Mi ch.
SOI.ldlTOBS.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $0 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st. Oakland, r. 8. 10 to 12 a. m.
HOBSES AOT WAOOK3.
LOOK out for greatest auction sale of season,
of 100 of double square horses, on Thurs-
day, September 8. Bee papers. I. V. BUT-
TON.
BLACK colt broken, double. $20; wagon $20;
cart. $7; buggy, double harness, $12. ' 2723
Bryant at.
HANDSOME carriage, with imperial metal
mounted double harneas; suitable for livery
3 or hack. 1011 Sutter at. .•.-¦»?»=:*"¦•
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus States, l'JO Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale— A handsome, gentlo and fast road-
ster (pacer); well known on park roads.
Roadster, box 876, Call office.
FOR sal*— Two city-broke Shetland ponies.
M3 Thirty-Eecond st, Oakland.
FOR sale or hire— Five black saddle horses at
S24 Ninth et WOOD A BUTTON.
FOR sal* — Cheap; 10 fine surreys, with or with-
out rubber tires. 1503 Folsom «t-
FOR SALE— Top buggy, piano box, $50 Box
1100. Call office.
DRIVING hoir* for sal*. 7 yeara old. Box
1020. Call office. .¦;,¦. .'¦ .-.-.-
NEW and **cond-hand buggies wagon* «ur-
rey*. W. WERTSCH.' 100 Golden Oat* av*.
JfX)R eale — Saddle hone, black. Spanish brok*,
gentl*. fine looker, at 639 Jesat* st
AUCTION sale of horsea, wagona and harness
•very Wedne»day at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth *t
WAGONETTES, aurreys. buggies, wagona. har-
nesa, work and driving horsea. ICth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED Hat of houara to let; send for cir-
cular. O.K.UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let — Hous* of 10 room* on California st;
rent- $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co. . <¦
POINT LOBO8 av*.. 880— Hous* with larg*
yard: atabl* for 12 horses and w&ron shea;
plenty of yard room; rent reasonable.
WALLER, 1811 — Modern house; 9 rooms, bath
and billiard room; heaters, etc.; rent mod-
•rat*. \
LINDCN ave.. 472. near Octavla— Desirable
hou**, 6 rooma and bath: rent $17.
QREI2N. 1787. n*ar Octavla— Hous*. 7 rooms
and bath; aunny; marine view; $35. *
BAN JOSE av*.. 204, near Twenty- fourth «t — '
Hous* of 11 room* and bath.
BURH. 1225— Upper part of house; 6 rooma,
bath: rent S2»5. Apply 1223 Bush st
HOTTSES TO LET — FU RliriBH_P~
FINE 7-room furnlFbed flat to let and all fur-
niture therein for sale. Including Chickertng
piano; best bargain In Ban Francisco; owner
must leave at once and eacriflces everything;
price complete only $500; situated en Halght
st.: rent of fiat $28 50 per month. Box
40S3, Call office.. ¦•..-.- ..-,-¦¦ -- .
HOUSES rUttUISHXP — rOB SAXE.
A SNAP— Furniture of 4 rooms, almost new,
fcr *50; leaving city. 210 Pennsylvania ave.,
Potrero. ¦ .
EDDY. 521 — Furnished house of 14 rooms; rent
?52 50; location central.'
FURNISHED house for- sale f 19 rooms. In-
quire 409 - McAllister it.
FOR sale — Furniture of .4 .rooms; cheap. If
t*Jt*n at one*; rent $16. 616 Laguna st
BOOMS TO EET— mm. «-fl TT-fnra.
' — ~
ELEVENTH, 41— One furnished room.
ELEVENTH, n?— ~iirni»hed rooms to let
ELEVENTH. 12S — Furnished rooms to let.
ELEVENTH, mi — I*rge «unny front room,
use of kitohen: rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 19— Nicely furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 616— Furnlahed rooms to let.
jtj^LIS, 732 Furnished rooms to let.
EIi.13. 732— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 103S— Large nicely furnished nnny
room: new flat; private family; phone; rent
reasonable. '
ELLIS. 1052— EJegant furnished room; cheap.
ELLIS. 105i— Elegant furnished room*.
FELL, 251 — Elegantly furnished rooms; slnglt
or en suite; gas, bath, phon*.
FELL. 335 — Beautiful sunny alcov* room: ga»:
bath; modern; $10.
FELL 654— Elegantly furnished rooms; prlvat*
family.
K1FTH. 411 — Furnished room*; reasocabl*.
FLORIDA. 830— rnrnl«h*d room, to It.
rOLSCM. 134— Bunny rooia with ga* sty.
7OLSOM. 924*4 — Fnrnlahtd rooms.
FRANKLIN. 428— Cornw fuml* h*d roan l
FRANKLIN. 721, near O. O. av*. — Bonny fur-
nished front rooms, raltabl* for two, $10.
FULTON. 227 — Furnished room to r*nt.
FULTOX. 311 — 5 baaeraent rooms, partly fur-
nished. .
FULTON. 1375— Nlc« furnished room. relt_b»*
for rentlvman; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED room to let Bo» 915. OaD.
FURNISHED rooms: singl* er en *_lt*: board
next door; North Berkeley; on ear Mn«; fln«
view. Addre*s box 1149. Call offlc*.
FURNISHED room to 1*_ Apply at t23 M»-
na *t. oft T*nth» j __
FURNISHED room* to l*t; all location— Pkoa*
Clay 896. .
OEART. 433— On* front room for r*nt.
OEART. 613— Nlo* front room to l*t.
OEART. 620— Room* to Ut <
GEART, 6C0 — Nicely furnUhed, tunny, bay-
window front room; piano; sultabl* for tw»
or three. .
GEART. 1529— Neatly furnished room; $12 p*r
month. _
OBART. 1413 — Sunny front alngl* room; prt-
vat* family. _^
CLOVER. 23— fl rooms and bath. ¦
GOLDEN GATE av*., 430^ — Unfurnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. B21. near Van Ne**—
Furnished front suits; reasonable; other*.
GOLDEN GATE ava., 1206^ — Furnlahed rooms.
GOLDEN GATE av*.. 1217 — Housekeeping
room*. '
GOUGH. 723^ — Nice furnished room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room* S3o
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading- nn.
GRANT, ar*.. 8 — Nlc* room to l*t
GREENWICH. 881%— On* larg» sunny fur-
nished room to rant; convenient to cars.
GREENWICH. 914 — Sunny front room, with all
conveniences. * .. '
GREENWICH. 1929 — Larg* unfurnished room.
GROVE, 214^5. near Van Nes* ave. — Sunny
furnished room; front parlor.
GROVEL 353 — Fin* large front room for rent
GROVE. 857 — Neatly famished front room.
GROVE. 639 — Furnished room.
HARRISON, 670 — Furnished front room and
bath.
HARRISON. 711, abov* Third — A nlc« sunny
front room.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth — Finely fur-
nished, aunny rooms; bata; homelike; $1
week up.
HARRISON. 620— Sunny front rooms far
housekeeping.
HARRISON. SSSVi— Fura!«h«d room*.
HARRISON. 2408 ft. bet 20th and 21*t— T»
let. 2 sunny front rooms; furnlshad.
HATE3. 427 — Rooms to lrt -
HOWARD. 47H— Om sic* room t» Ut. \
\
HOWARD. 133 — On* front room to 1*_ .,,
HOWARD. 704— Furnlahed room. ,- .__\ .'-> ~:
HOWARD. 710— Nicely farnlsh*d room.
HOWARD, 715 — Larg« sunny rooms) ' at low
rate*; 2Se to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 wya-,
HOWARD, 734 — Furnished room* to let.
HOWARD. T37 ft— FurnUhed rooma to Ut
HOWARD. 737 ft— Manila Hous*— Tumi *h«d
rooms with all conveniences; reasonable.
HOWARD. 822—2 *ult*s housekeeping rooms;
also single.
HOWARD, 866 (Eureka Hous_>— Larg* com-
fortabla furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 919, batween Eighth and Ninth— .
Room to let.
HOWARD, ICiO— furnished sunny frost rooma;
gaa; $2 up.
HOWARD. 1355 — Unfurnished rooms to It.
HOWARD. 1337— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 1432— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD 1608 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; running water: reasonable. . . - /"
HTDE. »26— Rooms to let
HYDE. 1126 — NJce. sunny fur. room; modern
conveniences: suitable for one or two; rea».
HTDE. 1543— Roams.
HTDE, 1839— Rooms to let. ,
HYDE. 1S41— Room to let.
JOICE. 12. oft Pine, near Powell — 2 light airy
and aunny unfurnished rooms; central loca-
tion; quiet family: no other roomers; mod-
ern; reasonable.
LARKIN. 5C2 — Nicely famished sunny front
room; r«nt reasonable.
LARKIN, TfH'i — On* unfurnished room.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room. 1 or 2 per-
sons, $S; sunny back room, JS.
LEAVENWORTH. 1CCT>. between California
and Pine — 5 rooms and bath.
! LILY ave., 124 — Single, sunny, front room:
saa and bath.
LO11EARD. 612— Rooms to let.
I LOMBARD. CJ2— Basement to let
( : -*-
MARKET. 104.9 (Th» Kn'm iut".i>— s-imy r ..nmi
hot. cold water, elevator ;Tvindiws for parade.
MCALLISTER. 576, near' Van Nes« avr —
Kntghts Templar, rooms sing 1 * or en suite-
housekeeping; tnodtrn flat: walking distance.
MCALLISTER. 717— Well furnished* housekee'p-
lng front parlors; rooma for KntgsU Tea t-
• filar; low rat
HOUSES— rUBNISHED— SAP5AI.ITO.
TO lease— Furnished, "The Crest," Sausalito;
superb marine view; tennis court: croquet;
K rooms, 2 baths. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st
-1. - - - - ; jf^T^??.-.??^?-?:..^'.^^,..^-^
SOLI), rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
I.O ST AITD rOPKP. '
LOST — On Thursday, between Dolores and
Eighteenth und Market and Seventh sts.. a
Rold knot diamond pin. Leave at Dore Gal-
lery. 1380 Market st.: reward.
LOST— On S. P train. August 13, at Oakland
mole, 1 kodak. Reward. E." E. GIBSON.
M -O4 Fillmore et • . .., . . - -
FOUND — A lady's ' black bolt; ellver souvenir
buckle attached. x Call nt 1501 Scott st. .
LOST — Brown' PoHimi-ranean dog. Reward If
rpturned to "301 Lacuna st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hiternia .Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of THOMAS ROY, No. 1SO-3.«S. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of CATHERINE BOWEN, No. 171-1521.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — AH of our competitors; reduction In
price* and Quality of stock did it. SHIBKLEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter at., phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817. "'
LAUNCHES FOB KIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of . Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. MIcha»I<K Launch Co., Unlon-st Wharf ;'boat-
. Ing A excursion*. 5 Steuart st:tei.John 2986.
MATMMOKIAIi.
A MIDDLE-AGED gentleman of limited means,
unincumbered, wishes to correspond with a
young or middle-aged widow, unincumbered.
with some means and knowledge of .the
rooming-house business or on* In the busi-
ness, with a view to marriag*. Addres* H.
L. YOUNG, Palo Alto. Cal.
A YOUNG man, American, of good family
and high social standing, has a good peti-
tion, would like to correspond with an edu-
cated young society lady of good family; ob-
ject, matrimony. Box 999. Call office.
A MAIDEN lady.' a lover of home and a good
housekeeper, also accustomed to society,
wishes to become acquainted with a young
gentleman, sober and of good standing; ob-
ject. • matrimony. Box 8G2, Call office. . *
AN American widow, educated and refined,
hava had practical business experience,
would like to meet a man of good character
and habits; object, matrimony. Ad dres a box
1000, Call office. • . • :
AM 29 years old. have . a good trade • and
would like acquaintance with lady who can
atslst financially in opening a place of busi-
ness; object, matrimony. Address box 1113,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 88, wishes to make the ac-
quaintance of neat, sensible and sincere
young woman; object matrimony. Address,
with particulars, box 1192, Call office. .
MARRIAGE paper; prints photos and all ad-
dresses; 8 pages: 10c; correspond without
further expensa. A. STOVER, box 6CT,
I Chicago. 111.
1 GENTLEMAN. 40 years old, employed stead-
ily, would like to meet a lady about 35 years
old; object, matrimony. Box 907. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, aged 25, steadily employed, de-
! elres acquaintance of working girl matri-
monially Inclined. . Box 891, Call.
; WOULD like to correspond with a gentl -man;
object, matrimony. Box 1029. Call office.
j GENTLEMAN. 86. wishes to meet lady of 30;
1 object, matrimony. Box "1084. Call office.
2OATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
; TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
j process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
I BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phon« South 21B.
MEDICAL.
A — LADIES, TThen sick or In trouble and wor-
ried about your condition and need help con-
sult the reliable specialist; IS years' expe-
rience; his method never fails; no regrets; no
money or time wasted. RELIEF FROM IR- :
REGULARITIES from whatever causa I
GUARANTEED or no charge; strictly prl- ;
vate; advice free; hrs. 9 a, m. to 9 p. m.
Open Sundays. DR. SYLVESTER, office ,
213 Kearny st- ... <'/ {
' LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
! from irregularities consult me; my 'methods
. are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
! VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
; male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
; 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to i
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
; physician here who can say this.. Call or'
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yeara. DIt R.
H. WESTON. office 3t>5 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all femal*
¦complalnU and irregularities;* Instant' relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fen
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market at, opp. Sth.
j VALPEAUS female pills; best regulating pills
1 sold : rrt^e 52 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets;' price $5. By express only
I en i«ceiDt of Drice. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
whotesole druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
I DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
! in trouble consult this specialist on female
1 complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
i rate helped: the aiost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st
i MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth St., room 8, pos-
i ttlvely cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor A
\ steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
< DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
! original method cf treatment 1126 Market
; ELECTROLYSIS, magnetism, massage. MRS.
ANNA A. HOLHOUSER. 121 Geary ;»t
! MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. - '
; LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
' $2. Gleason-RugglesDrug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief cr no fee; $10. -. ¦<_:.
LXTXUKEBY.
I in, ..i... ,,.
• COMPLETE system taught; terms reasonable.
Call and investigate. 24 Ninth st
I MIITES AHP MINIHO.
I EQUIPPED mines and good prospects; reports
I guaranteed: claims In Tbnorah district,
I Nevada; buyers investigate. - S. C. TRAY-
I NER. 4 Sutter st. • • .-
] Ifl* ~~~~— ~— * ' "* *— ~~* ~— — ¦—————»— i——— ————¦!
I MISCELLANEOUS — FOS SAXE.
! 83OO-ft. 15-ln. hydraulic plp«, riveted, made of
No. S stock, foot 50c
0-ln., 8-In., 10-in. castlron pip*; cheap.
(10-in. xlG-ft. boiler, all complete ..$400
Gssolli e runabout, at .800
Laundry outfit complete 1000
2-h. -p. Fairbanks-Morse engine 90
20-h.-p. vertical boiler, 160-lb pressure ' 125
10-h. -p. vertical boiler, complete....... 75
7-ton hydraulic lifting Jack ..' ...,\' 1 35
6-h.-p. boiler, 4-h.-p. engine, etc 100
6-ln. centrifugal pump, etc 60
4-ln. centrifugal pump, etc 60
2-In. centrifugal pump, etc 15
14 miles of pipe ready for deHvery, any
old price; parts of engine*, boilers/ stack.
grates, fittings as good e« new, for a world
less money; cash In ¦ advance for 'your dis-
carded machinery; cash or Installments for
mine. • _,
H. R. WHITE Machinery Co.. S. F. -
Tha Take It or Leave Jt House. -
2D-HAND machinery, engine's, boilers, pumps
pulleya, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold!
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 100-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery ."McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 198-197 Fremont at.
COWS. COWS. COWS
S5 fresh milch cows and springers will be
Eold for want of feed; tale takes place to-
day and to-morrow: you can buy one or all
at your or-n price; this is the best lot of
dairy' cows ever offered for. sale in San
Francisco. SAM. AFTERGUT, corner Mls-
tlon st. and Silver ave. . y . '•„ . .' ....
j READY roofing; asbestos, faced; last longest:
j cost moderate; good oa new or old buildings.
1 Century Roofing Co., 707 Franklin st., Oak-
I land; branch office 713 Market St., S. F.,
I room 207.
FCR sale— New and second-hand .billiard j and
1 pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
I with privilege of buying: m<>dern bar fixtures-
1 cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COLn'
LENDER. W>2 Mission Bt. • ' . v_/
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay;
, needs no painting or cuatlng; good over old
Iron, tin or shlnitles:" best for- new,., roof a.
I ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. .713 Market at.
j CANARIES, choice ¦ singers. -.12 Henrietta'
; square, off Eleventh; eA, near 'Folsom. ;.' •
! $3 — SINGER sewing mochln* for pale; In nle*
1 condition.; 608 Ell 1* »t ,'
MOWEY TO EOAg-rCo-t-med. .
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 'i per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
lndorser. 1IORRELL, 601) Examiner butlding.
MUSIC AIi INSTRUMENTS. ..
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
plancm for small rooms, -medium size -for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.: pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
come at $2, a large number of good one* at
$2 50 per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fin* line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over $150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT -
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payment*. •
Erard, small upright for practice. $40 '
Wood worth and Allovon, splendid order.. 65
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 125
fchernian. Clay <t Co., good order ..135
Groveateen & Fuller, splendid order 145
4 BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell at
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new ptanns; all make* in used' instruments. ¦
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary. at; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
hous* and only manufacturers here.
FOR sale. — Regln*, Musical Box No. 6, 27-lnch
tun* sheets; good as new; cheap. 719 Tork.
A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
BECOND-hand piano. $125. BACIGALUPI. 769
Mlt-ion at. - '
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b*
sold; $135. 237 Geary t
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture.
dirt cheap. WhlUhtad'a Storage. 1636 Mkt
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; aa good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st
8OHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BTRON MAUZT. 808-312 Port st.
NEW upright piano* aold on $5 monthly pay-
SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAUlater *t
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe'a. 285 O'FarreU.
OrriCES AND STORES TO XJ1T.
OFFICE room to let 40 Third at.
LOWER part of .425 Sutter st; sultabl* for
bu«lne«» purpoae*.
PEESOHAIS. <ww
A — CALL and **• our demonstrators, with on»-
half of fac« treated; I guarantee to re— ov*
p*rman«ntly wrinklea, fretkl**.
Smallpox pittlnfr*. etc.:
. Restore lost contour.
If yoa desdre a fr*sh, younr face, cat! or
writ* MME. GII-UINGHAM. 131 Powell st
A FRIEND to you, if you ar* suffering from
Indigestion; send me 25o postal order and I
will send you a receipt, one of the beat rem-
edies on earth; pleasant, sure and quick; no
medicine required. Address G. MOORE, gen-
eral delivery, San Francisco, Cal.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggist* for
ov<sr 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 82 Turk St.. 8. F.
THE Kiar Hair Remedy restore* gray hair, im-
prove* its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleances scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' -.ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin mouth, bones, etc.) ? speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst case* cured.
RUGS made from old carpets: Ingrain, brus-
aels, tapestry and moquctte; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market at. Oakland; taka West Sth car.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly Journal of Information, plans, aug-
gestlons and Ideas for advertising^ Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for -4 months' trial.
RAG carpets wov* to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portiwes; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. |
WE solicit Investigation of our method* of j
i administering scientific massage. At your
horn* or at 371 Geary. Mrs. J. M. WOOD,
specialist.
A — VISITORS, we shampoo manicure, dress
hair, etc., cheapest and best in city. 133
Powell st.
IMPORTANT TO SPECULATORS.
Before investing your money consult "Lucky
Hours," for sale at all book stores.
PROF. DE LOUTSKT, face specialist; mort
effective Parisian methods. 827 Geary »tt
opposite St. Francis Hotel.
"REXRADIO" cures alleged "Incurable" dis-
eases (often Instantly) by "humanized" ra-
dium; offices crowded. 26 Montgomery, a. 21.
FRANCIS X. GALEN, formerly of Philadel-
phia, Pa. — Communicate at once faith Joseph
L. Galen. Grand Hotel. San Francisco.
ALL hair and skin diseases cured; hair grown;
gray restored: superfluous hair positively
killed. DUNLAP INSTITUTE. 50 Geary at i
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell »t
AT les« than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st -
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT ;
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post «t. near Powell.
CONSULT "Lucky Hours"'before starting any \
business; for sale at all book stores.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vic *l_tn food for
the body. 825 Ellis st.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 889 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.30.
SUPERFLUOUS hair 4c moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAT, 1170 Market at
ELEGANT sulta to order, extra pant* or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Sutter st .':!':
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants,$15.
LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mkt. at., bet 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr-
dresslng parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN, 138 Montgomery • st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pavt* $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play book*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to- Its natural color: $1; at all druggist*'.
PALMI3TBY.
MME. EUGENIE, the Cheiro, reveals facts
that will astonish you, portrays events, de-
scribes enemies; advico given. 47SA Turk at
MMH. DEVAS, palmist and astrologer, Llebea
bldg.. 139 Post st. ; 10 to 5 and Tues. evening.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post: hours
1 to r» dally. Phon- James 1. Classes.
PHTSICIAHSjLKp SXHttQEOSS.
DrT cTcTVdONNELL— Of flee' and residence.
1021% Market st, bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. •
BLOOD skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
. DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st. ,
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the. human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay «t.
'• PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patenttd.. F, P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
rUBCHASUJQ AGE— CXE8.
CLARA E. JETVETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th st.. San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
ROOMS rOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH 1338— Sunny furnished rooms; housed
keeping or single. . .' ,,
BUSH, 1*12A— 4 front bay-window room*. .
CALIFORNIA, 1264— Floor, of 3 sunny rooms;
running water in every room; nice location.
CAPP. 034, near Twenty-first — Housekeeping
. rooms, furnished or unfurnished; very de-
sirable; references. . .
CLAY, .1450-rFour connecting rooms; complete
. houcekeeplnff: sunny; marine view; bath.
COTTAGES furnished for housekeeping, min-
eral ¦ spring;. 55 per week. .Redwood Rest
Cascade drive. Mill Valley. :.
EDDY,"? 82*^-Two housekeeping rooma,
E-LLIS, 58f — Sunny singl* room; bath; raa*
light housekeeping. ¦ -
BOOMS rOB HOTTSEgSEPINO -Con-
ELLIS. 1S08— Nicely furnished room* for light
housekeeping. . v - V_*
FELL. 228— Nice furnlahed auite housekeeping.
$14; central; bath, gas range: adult*. •
FILLMORE. 1744 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas, bath, phone; light housekeeping.
FIRST. 208. near Howard— 5 sunny housekeep- ,
ing rooms; business location; rent moderate. |
FOUR neatly furnished Sunny rooms, bath, all |
conveniences: lower floor; private house, hair
block from panhandle: nice locality; mod-
erate. Box 1010. Call office^
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also {
single rcorns.
-FOURTEENTH, 706 — 3 sunny furnished house-
keepmg rooms. '
GF_\RY, «61— Two larg* sunny housekeeping
rooms; bath, gas, phone; reasonable. J
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1635— Large furnished
sunny room. gas. and bath: one or two per-
sons; kitchen if desired; $10.
HARRISON, COO-^FIne sunny tarnished rooms,
single and housekeeping. ¦ . ¦
HAYES, 481 — Nicely furnished bay-window
front room: bath, gaa, phone.
JACKSON. 941—2 or 3 houseke«ping room*.
JESSIE. 838— Clean cot beds. 25c a night.
JESSIE. 474 — Sunny front and back room for
housekeeping.
JESSIE, 607— To let. 4 and 2 sunny room*;
furnished for housekeeping; with ga*.
JOICE, 12, oflTpine. near Powell— 2 light airy
and sunny unfuml*hed rooms; central loca-
tion; quiet family; no other room era; mod-
ern; reasonable. >
KEN1LWORTH. Bush and PoweU— Thr»*-
room aunny apartment*; ateam heat;een. Ioaw
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; fre* baths; rate* reaa.
LAGUNA. 1021— Cory housekeeping ¦alt*.
LANGTON. 15. near iSeventh. off Howard-
Three neatly furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent reasonable. -;- "-
LIBRARY bldg.. Vaa Ne** and Golden Oat*
ave». — Suite* and aunny unfor. room*: rea*.
MINNA, R28— Nleely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. 1135— NiceTj furnished front *ult*
complete for houaek.ee'plng.
MISSION. 1219 — Furnlahed housekeeping room*;
also one single room; no children.
MISSION. 1802 or 1894—3 unfurnished room*
to let fcr housekeeping.
MISSION. 2383 — Furnished hoosekaeplna; roott is.
MISSION, 2753 — Two furnished arunny rooms or
housekeeping. $12.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all location*.
Phon* Clay 906.
NINTH, 77—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
NINETEENTH. 3475. Mission warm belt-
Nicely furnished room; housekeeping; gas,
bath
NINETEENTH. 8475.nr. Valencia, warm belt— 2
nicely fur.front rooms;hous«keeplng;gas.bath.
OAK. 117. C38 McAllister— Room*. compl*t*t
$5 to «12; mam range, hot bath: adults.
OAK GROVE av*,, 19 — Housekeeping rooms
to let
O'FARRELL, 1304 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms; new, sunny corner; alao furnished
rooms; reasonable.
POLK. 622 — 8unny suit* furnUhed for house-
keeping. $20; single room, $8.
SACRAMENTO, 1C05 — Three unfurnished front
rooms; bay window; running water; gas and
bath.
BCOTT, 800. northeast corner Page— Two
newly furnished, sur.ny housekeeping room*;
ta.k* Halght-st car to Scott; quiet, respect-.'
able neighborhood.
I SECOND, 134 — 2 nice sunny room*, furnished
I for housekeeping. .
SEVENTH, 191 — Bay-window housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
BTEINER, 1529—2 or t furnished rooms, with
use of kitchen. r '
SOUTH PARK, 178— Furnished rooms for
houaekeeplng. -
BUTTER, 717 — Sunn/ furnished rooms; also
parlor suite.
THE Vlixlnla. 1005 Powell — FurnUhed or un-
furnished bay-window suites, complete for-
housekeeplng; gas range; alao single. %
TWELFTH, 145 — Furnished suites) of 2 and 3
rooms for houaekeeplng.
VICK3BURO, 8 — Bunny suit*.
AFABTXinrr houses.
X^ EL DRI3CO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK.
4 and 5 rooms, .furnished or unfurnished;
commands an unsurpassed view of the entire
city, ocean and bay; your Inspection solicit-
ed; best of references required.
MRS. N. FOSTER, LESSEE.
ALSO FREE and for EXCLUSIVE us* of
the LESSEES, unlou* GRILL, complete In
every detail, a charming place to entertain
one's friends. BILLIARD and CARD ROOM
adjoining.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson at.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refa. Tel. East 1380.
BOOMS TO MT — Torn, and TJ-fn— a.
a THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND in EDDT ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATB HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 85 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH, $1 60 TO $2 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. \.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason st. bet. Geary and O'FarroIl.
Room* with or without private bath. """
New addition Juct completed; entire tons*
newly renovated; suy In room* all day.
A— WOLF HOUSE. 8. TV. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rooms,
etc. from 25o to $1; rates by th* week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth at— Rooms
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light houaekeeplng rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth ' st.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
ASH tT*., 138 — Furnished front room; $3.
BAKER, 1500 or 2608 Sutter — Sunny front
room and single, also housekeeping.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 112C Market and 21 Turk— Electric
light*; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
BARTLETT, 413 — Sunny furnished room .
BARTLETT, 806B — Four unfurnished rooms.
BRANNAK, 354— Furnished room to rent.
BRTANT. 1 404— Email sunny room.
BRTANT, 400— -A nicely furnished room sult-
• able for on* or two gentlemen. .
BRTANT. 768 — Furnished room to let V
BUSH. 735—2 roomsT
BUSH, 760 — Room to let.
BUSH. 1584— To let, a large room.
CALIFORNIA. C26— Rooms to let.
CAPP. 81fr— Nicely furnished frcnt room; pri-
vate family.
CLEMENT, 723 — Three sunny partly furnished
rooms;, basement, yard and bath:' $18. i
EDDT. 3, corner Market and Powell — Suites and
single rooms; fine view Market-st. Illumina-
tions. r - -
EDDT, 207 — Sunny front rooms and others;
also housekeeping;*- running water.
EDDY. 432 — Elegantly furnished parlor suite;
other rooms; choice location; reasonable.
EDDT, 1254 — Beautiful sunny rooms, with or
without board. ¦ . r
EDDT. 1328— A *unny front room ¦ for . rent.
EIGHTH. 123— Room to Lrt. •_ ,
MISCEIiIiAITEOUS— fOR 3AI.E— Con. |
AA— 19 VARIETIES of thoroughbred chickens,
pigeons and geeee. Ingleside Poultry Yards.
807 Mt. Vornon ave.; Ocean View car to
steel bridge...
HOL3TEIN-FRIESIAN. young bull, first-
class pedigree: sire. Perfection of La Elesta,
.29,«5G, dam, Mint of La Siesta, 50,550. 100 j
* Mateo st, cor. • Chenery. ' ¦ - |
SAFES and DESKS— As we are going to movt
to New Montgomery St., and to avoid moving
¦toc!i. will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
¦ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market *t.
TOURISTS — The best assortment of nouvenin*
In California wooda. burnt leather, etc.,
KINGSLAND ART SHOP, cor. Halght and
Devisadero at*.. . . ".-.; «•-. .
A— BUYS, sell* or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear at
COMPLETE flies Harper 1 * and Leslie'* week-
lles. Puck and Judge; 5 years; 1899-1801;
make offer: cash or trade. Box 976. Call.
DIAMONDS and. Jewelry on small weekly or
/ monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 187 Mont-
' gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
J. COOPER, gents', full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs. ¦
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
VERY fin* thoroughbred bull terrier pop* for
sale cheap; the real stock; address or call, i
A. B. TRUMAN. Elcho kennels, 1425 Stelner. j
NEW Century stove as good an new; No. 7j
gas stove, connected; price $12 00. Phon*
Blue 1472, Monday. -
A NO. 1 fresh milch cow and calf; a larg*
milker: perfect pet; also large mar* for
breeding, i Bakery, cor. 26th and Florida sts.
GOLD quartz-set heavy locket, cuff buttons,
heavy gold ring, $25. Milton Jewelry Co.,
257 Sixth st. . , ¦ . :.- /.,¦¦ -¦>¦¦
A LOT of homer and runt crosses, also driving
i billy for sale. 6495 Telegraph av»., Oakland.
2D-HAND bidg. material; lumber, door, eash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 160T Mkt
OLD newspapers for sale cheap. L. P. FISHER
Adv. Agency, 425 Montgomery «t
FOR sale — Fine cockar spaa tel i pup*; w*ll
bred; -reasonable. Box 870, Call.
FOR sale— A young hunting do*?. ..TM Oearj r
street. . ........
ELASTIC stockings, $2. Factory 10T O'Farrell,
; removed from 40 Ellis. J. W. HOPETWELL.
FOR sale— Fine' large aafe, with steel raulti
almost new. Inquire S54 Hayes *t
BICYCLE In good condition; coaster brak*|
$10. 833. Guerrero st. . .
'¦ • ; •; ; ~7.
AN upright | piano, cheap. Box 878, . Call.
A 216-EGG Petaluma incubator for sale cheap;
good as.. new. 128 Andover. av*. .
BRICK for. sale cheap. Apply Dynamite Bat-
. tery. Presidio. ...
FOR sale — New Fay-Shole* typewriter, $55.
Box 723. Call.
FOR sale — Modem hand and foot propelled
tricycle chair; nearly new. Box 652. Call.
PIPE, all sires, all kinds, cut and fitted to
sketch. Eugene RIley &. Sons, 109 Vallejo tt.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
barcain. 10 Sixth st -
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting 1 , painting.
Hartmann Paint Ca,' 819 Third; tel. Main 413.
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumber.doors.saalt,
plumb, material. "The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL, 1021% Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, new asd ie:onJ-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
MOVING picture*, magio lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains, Bullard & Breck. 131 Po*t st.
EOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.: cheap. ¦ B. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mk..
SAFES — New and- second-hand. THE HEK-
: MANN SAFE -CO.. 307 Battery st
j GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
. all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont at
I CHEAPEST and best In America. — Th* Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States • or Canada • one - year for $1.
MISCBI.T>Ain3Oy8 WANTSr
WANTED — All th* second-hand machinery,
boiler*, engines, pumps, pip* or any old
thing that you would rather have the good
coin for; cash in advance. H. 8. WHITE |
Machinery Co.. 8. F., Cal. «
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
mendt. gents' full dress suits, etc.; bend
pottal card. ¦ LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st
TALKING machines, guitars, etc. ; easy pay-
ments; month's piano rent free. BRUENN,
225 Sutter st.
WHAT will you give in exchange for. a kali-
graph typewriter Jn perfect condition? Box
11(54, Call office.
¦WANTED— Buyers for "Veil of Ials"; 1 dim*.
BOOK CONCERN. 500 Van Ness ave.
A YOST typewriter, blue flame oil stove, etc.;
cheap. 1082 Capp st. '
i
HIGHEST prices for ladien', gent's castoff cloth-
lnp. etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacramento 'st.
HIGHEST prices for iadles', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 922 Folsom St.; tel. Fol. 3522.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel; Jessie 2851.
jgqyEYjpo JJOjAJB^^^, ,
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. "
601-602-603 . Examiner building.
. Quick settlements; no disappointments.
. Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property. in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. ' Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN
- A reasonable amount on
¦ v , . 1st, 2d or 3d
V Mortgage, on real estat* or
Chattels, in city, town
or country. • '
i Low- rate of ltereet
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location etc
Box 400. Cal'l office. ¦ - -
YOU Will Need Money for th*
¦ ' ' ¦ Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO..
606 Mutual Eavinga Bank Building. -
: : J; la making liberal advances
On salaries; confidential.
| PRI VATIE— Money loaned on salaries without
' security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
!' com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 626 Parrott bdg
I •"
SALARY LOANS— .
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; conadentlal'and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott . bldg.
A— ON, furniture or planes at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 88.
HIGHLY, i expectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent,. Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
. S4G Market; tel. Main 1CJ4. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned' to salaried people, retail mer-
. chants, teamsters, : boarding-houses, without
a security; easy .'payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 807 Market st
• ' LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. .
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25' up; -quick,
'quiet, contldentlal. 2C Montgomery at, rm.21.
MONEY to" loan at low interest; gold,' *ilver,
diamonds, pearls and. precious stones bought
at W. J.' HEbTHAL'S, 10 Sixth «t _,
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans , to salaried peopl*
Juat on their note; easy payments. 500 Rl_-
to bid?.. New .'Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on- salaries,- chattel mortgage*,
life. Insurance policies, etc. -United Loan and
Trust Cc. 21 Stockton, at. r . .¦
TO salaried" people" without wcurity; on. furni-
ture, indorsed ' notes ' and r other security. . S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
• u*.-' Hutton Credit Co... 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate, and. chattels.' E.> W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 7C6 Market »t.
STAR- Loan ' Co: of Wyoming loans to I salaried
• mploy es. " Room 311. Mutual Sar. ; Bk. bid*;.
n^p^ANTODj- : MAjtr :^wtiSB55^
A- MLKUAY & READY. C31 and 638 Clay st |
Phor.e Main T.S4S. ;
OPEN 'JO-DAY. !
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A. M. !
I.~sd;i'E Jiinployment and Labor -*¦•«" JP- I
\\> fjwak the German. 1- rench. Italian. ,
.- mndtoavlan. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and j
Danish languages. I
1*3 W« Gav* l»04 w « H ?P* t0 !
V-y.1100 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mil!, $3 50 day.
BLACKuMimS. ETC.
Stonecutter San Luis Obi*po Co., $4 60 day. ,
FOREMAN. MAKE TABLES. $3 day.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city. ?-<•**• \
2 r-rufh makers, fare $1. $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MULDERS.
IS coopers tight and slack work.
MURRAY & READY,
634-030 Clay st
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
(A two-hcrse teamsters, new work, fare $3 20.
corporation own work, $00. ;
OIL WELL DISTRICT. j
2.% laborers, special syndicate Job, $57 BO. ,
MONTEREY.
TO laborers to-day, eee us, $€7 60. j
MURRAY & READY. ;
634-638 Clay *t
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS. {
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SECOND DONKEY MAN. $60 found.
iK-nkey foreman. Hnipe logs, cut brush, $50 fd. j
HEAD LINEMAN. $75. ;
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 laborer* for lumber co.. fare $2.... $30 fd.
€5 laborers; mills yard: NORTH $«> :
S5 laborers for woods and caxaps; NORTH, $60
HELP BUILD IT. j
IC5 laborer* to cut brush away; h*l« build ;
R. R. from uwmill to wood*; far* $8. $60.
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or yeung men work in bot factories. I
$30 AND $35 FD., NORTH.
163 — c-odchoppers; tools, etc.. FURNISHED j
FOR YOU. :
MURRAY & READY. I
634-636 Clar et
MINES— JUNES. !
12 machine miners; gold QUARTZ $90 j
18 chuck tenders; boss here $75 to $S2 50
LOOK.
15 laborers or young men to learn mining;
to start. fSO ffi.; good chanc* for TOXJ.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay *t j
156 ITALIAN." OR AT-'STRIANS. :
155 SPANIARDS — MEXICANS.
MURRAY 4- READY. «S4-C3« Clay *t
LOS ANGELES.
FAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIST. i
the Laci of Sunshine, FRUIT and FLOW- j
ERS. :
BY TP-AJN. SANTA FE R. R.
*4 60 FARE. THAT'S ALL.
CtS two and four horse teamsters $60
MURRAY A READY,
634 and 639 Clay rt.
HOTEL- LATTNDRY. BAKErrf.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
Cock, SO men. mine, $40 found.
1* cooks, different Motels. ramp*. cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches, etc.. $30. $40, $50 to j
J8 rt and found.
WAITERS.
" waiters, earae hotel, fare $1 60, $35 found.
12 waiters, different city and country Jobs.
IS DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS.
EEDMAKERS. EELL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 «tarch lronera, (1~; Sroner, $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
J40, 530 found.
Sausage maker. $14: experienced bone hame.
$14. MURRAY & READY.
C"4 and 630 Clay st
FARMS. DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands, *••;. $50, $25 found.
6 milkers, $30. fS5 fourd.
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 chore boys and men. $15. $20. $25. $30 fd. i
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABELMEN. I
16 etablemen. city, country Jobs, $75. $80 t
$30 found. .
Boys, lenxn trades, tend stores, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay *t.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, xsir.e building*, far*
paid. $4 50 day.
GASOLINE ENGEN-EER— $12 WEEK.
4 plasterers, free fare both waya, $4 50 day.
4 painter*. $2 60 day.
BAKERS.
Foreman baker, $25 and found.
8 besrh hands. S17 irwk.
BELLBOY. 123 AND FOUND.
Steward, country institution, $30 acd found.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher. Ircner and starcher, fare. $1. $2 BO
day; marker and distributer, north, $18 wk.
Man to tend bar, take cash hotel, etc., $35
asd found.
WAITERS, BARTENDERS.
Walter, rice restaurant, fare j ci<i. $35 fd.
Camp waiter, ranch, fare $1, $25 and found.
Man run lunch counter, couth, saloon, {10
week and found.
Cook and wife for country hospital, easy
job, $40 and found.
5 farmer-p end wive*, $40. $50 and $60 fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
Woodturner, bench hand.
Fhingie taw flier, fare $t$. $2 50 day.
Planer man, city mill, $3 day.
Ehlngle saw flier, fare $3. $2 00 day.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 hnrseshoers," floor and fire, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
23 SHEEP BUTCHERSf $S0.
FIaug»«er-house helper, fare $1, $35 found.
Kr.ife man. pigs' feet shaver. $2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
ARE YOU GOING
KOP PICKING? HOP PICKING T
Marriad cr single, young or old. boys or
girls, families. COME ONE.. COME ALL,
AND PICK HOPS. $3 day.
Far* $2, Ofnc* fee $1.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay st
~~ MINE DISTRICT. ~~ "~ ~~
25 laborers, fee $1. fare $2. $30 found.
- 25 two-horse teamrters, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-639 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
lf>5 teamster*. $75.
155 laborers, $75.
S5 drillers. $90.
FEE $1. THAT'S AXI_
MURRAT ft READT. C34-636 Clay st
FACTORY.
12 laborers, you'll suit. $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clar st
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c, $4 day.
14 carpenter*, far* 2Sc. S. M. Co.. $3 CO
to $1 day.
2 rough carpenter*, city factory, $2 60 day.
carpenter, ranch, fare $1 25, $40 and found.
Wheelwright. Nevada, cpeclal fare. $G0 fd.
3 ctrj >e_te— , private Job. fare 10c, $2 &0 day.
8 carpenters, city Job, $3 day.
16 carpenters, city Jobs. $3. $3 50. $4 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clay St.
GROCERY CLERK, $60.
A man uaed to merchandise store, far* tOo.
Ohoreman, private residence. 25c fare, $25 fd.
Ftablenian. far* $3. southern town. $40 fd.
12 grape packers, southeast. $1 15 day fd.
Choreman and wife, orchard, bess here. $40
and found. . % -
rVreman oil burner for a mine.
Teamster. «xcep<ton»lly good ranch, far* 70e,
$30 end found. | -
Blacksmith. Nevada. bo»a here. $60 found.
FTeaaer on genf ¦ clothes, city, $2 to $2 25
a day.
Man to clstrtbute bill*, city corporation. $8
week.
F Tool tender, fare $2 20, $45 to $50 found.
Cashier, city restaurant. $40 and found.
Ca— e baker's h«lper, city, $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-C36 Oar at.
FREE FARE. R. R. WORK. FREE FARE?
TO-DAY
2S -xrfkera. you'll salt $60
23 laborer*, you'll eu'.t $60
Office fe* only $1.
MURHAT * READY. e34-638 Clay rt.
GOLD QUARTZ MTNB.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE. SEB HIM.
2 machine miners $S2 CO to $90
2 chuck tender* $75
9 hand —liners |7S to $82 CO
Blacksmith, no ehoe'.nr ..$90 to $105
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Cay st
BPBCIAL.
14 carpeetar* to build Guartt mill —
$120 MONTH.
SEE US TO-DAT STTXDAT.
MURRAT A RDADT. 634-638 Clar *t
TOGETHER— FARE $1 60.
Second ceolc, hotel $70 fd.
Third cook, hotel $50 fd.
Dishwasher, hotel $30 fd.
MURRAT A RBADT. 634-636 Clay st
B laborer* Tor wooda. far* $5. $85 and found
Head donkeyman. wooda. southeast
Faw flier, Sonoma County.
Man and wife, man milk 25 cow*, wlf* cook
for 8 men. no other woman on ranch $40 fd
BANKING SYNDICATE. '
20 frnlt pickers, fare $1 25 $30 and found.
HAT-BALERS.
Toting man. work In bakery, city. $30 fd.
Pecond baker, extra Job, free "fare both
way*. $3 a day.
• LOOK.
Orderly, city Institution. $25 and found.
Chore bey cr man. Institution, fare $3, 130
and fcund.
LOOK.
2 painters city Job. $2 60 day.
.1 brick wheelers, fare ¦ 30c, $67 CO.
2 mill hands cr laborers to eew sacks $67 50
MURRAT & READY. G34-636 Clay st. •
MECHANICAL draughtsman. Box 1075, Call.
BOY. 15 to 17, who wants to learn hardware
business. Apply Wednesday, 8S2 Valencia.
V.' ANTED — Good handy man around grocery
rtore; state reference; good ealary. Box 890,
Oil office.
BARBER -*at*d. 2409 Fo_o~ «t, n*ar
Tw ead«a_(120th Meridian— Paciflo Time.) *
BAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston ........ . .78-68;New Orleans 88-72
Cincinnati 92-72 Philadelphia 88-68
Jacksonville 86-72 Washington 86-68
St. louls 80-66|NeTT York.. 7S- 4 O
BAN FRANCISCO 74-52
y B Sg 3 3 4% S %
eTATIONS. | |||I If f* I
. I Iff. •[ f
Baker .30.04 84 44 SK Clear loo
Carson 29.90, 88 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 20.00 56 50 N Cloudy .00
Fresno ..23.76 108 64 W Clear .00
BE. Farallon..29.89 58 62 NW Tog 00
Flagstaff ....29.90 76 44 N Clear 00
Pocatello . . . .30.06 80 44 W Clear 0O
Independence .29.90 00 64 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 86 86 04 W Clear 00
Mt. Tamalpais20.90 94-71 N Clear .00
North Head.. 30.02 56 50 NW Clear '00
Phoenix .29.84 96 74 NE Cloudy "oo
Pt. Reyes Lt.29.84 62 50 NW Fog 'oo
Portland 29.90 86 54 NW Pt.Cldy *0rt
Red Bluff.... 20. 78 102 78 SE Clear 00
Roseburg ....29.92 90 60 ..W Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.80 98 60 NE Clear .uo
Salt Lake ...30.02 84 52 NW Clear' CO
San Francfsco.29.66 74 62 W Clear 00
S. L. Oblspo..£9.88 84 50 N Clear • 00
San Diego.... 29. 82 90 64 NW Clear 00
Seattle 30.04 76 52 NW Clear 00
Spokane. 80.04 86 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh ...... .30.06 56 50 NE Pt.Cldy 00
Walla Walla. 29. 98 90 60 NE Clear 00
Wlnnemucca .30.02 . 86 44 N Clear 00
Tuna.:.: 29.80 OS 80 SW Clear !oo
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warm weather continues in the Interior of
California. In the San Joaquln and Sacra
mento valleys the . temperatures are from 14
to 17 degrees above the normal. Afternoon
temperatures range ! from 100 to 108 degrees.
Along the coast north of Monterey cool weath
er prevails, with fog and temperatures ranging
from 50 to 60 degrees.
The highest temperature at San Francisco
yesterday was 74 degrees. Within a distance
of twenty miles of the city maximum tem
peratures of 90 degrees or higher have oc
curred. • - ¦ - . ¦ .
Rain is falling along the Mexican boundary
and In the Northwestern States of Mexico.
At El Paso half an Inch of rain has fallen
and more Is likely to tall.
Forecast - made - at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, ; September 4:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, con
tinued warm weather In the interior; light
northerly winds inland; brisk westerly winds
on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, ' prob
ably thunderstorms in the mountains; light
southwest winds.
Nevada. — Fair: Sunday, continued warm. ¦
San Francisco and -vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fog in the morning- and' the afternoon;
light southwest winds, changing .to brisk
westerly. "
Los Angeles and vicinity— Cloudy in the
morning, fair Sunday; fresh west winds.
Fresno— Fair Sunday, continued very warm
weather: light north winds. . . _
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Sunday, , very
warm during the day. somewhat cooler at
night; light southerly winds.
San Diego— Cloudy Sunday.. possibly showers
back from the coant; light west winds.
San Jose— Fair Sunday, ' continued ' warm
weather, for on the hills; fresh, north winds.
. - : ¦ , A. O. McAXHE. District Forecast**.
WEATHER .REPORT.
The Stock Exchange side of these war
scares has all along been Interesting,
because such* occasions are peculiarly
those when a stock market speaks
from secret ¦ knowledge. The probable
source of the early buying or selling or
ders is the community of important
bankers who are associated with the
financial operations of the state. In an
emergency which threatens war. a
prudent government must know what
It could depend on, if war were to
come, from the money market, and
conversely, the banking interests must
know what the Government really
means to do before they can give their
answer. Hence the private Information,
which runs with - extraordinary speed
through the markets, even when its
source Is unknown to the bulk of those
who listen, and Its basis not in the least
understood.— New York Evening Post
"Traveling through & State where h«
knows the law favors him the pro
fessional black litigant, while he Is
seated in the smoking car just about
the time the sleeper berths are being
prepared, hands his sleeping car cou
pon to the sleeper conductor. -
" 'Sorry.' says\the sleeping car con
ductor, If he is under Instructions from
his company thus to act, "but this car
has got a flat wheel and is going to be
taken off the train at the next sta
tion'—this while the porter Is going
right ahead with the work of getting
the berths ready.
"Nothing suits the professional black
litigant better than this. His white
confederate sleeps In the car that Is to
be 'taken off because It has a flat
wheel,' and upon the presentation of
this evidence in the States where the
conditions are favorable the black
wins his suit against the sleeping car
company more often than not."—Wash
ington Post. - ,_ V-i~r.>
paper and army gossip sensation pure
and simple.
MARKETS "ADVANCE NEWS."
"The professional black litigant walks
Into a first-class hotel in a city where
he knows the civil rights clause is still
a living affair and begins to write his
name on the register.
" 'Not a room left in the house,' re
marks the clerk, knowing about half
the rooms to be vacant.
" That so?' eays the colored man
'Are you absolutely certain of that?*
" 'Certainest thing you eyer heard,*
replies the clerk.
"The colored man strolls out and two
minutes later his white side worker,
an impressive looking man, steps off
a car or out of a carriage In front of
the hotel, walks In, registers. Is re
ceived effusively by the clerk, and gets
his pick of a whole lot of rooms— and
there's another case for the profession
al black litigant. -
OX SLEEPING GARS.
AT FIRST CLASS HOTELS.
"He has a case In law for extortion*
under the civil rights clause. He.
clinches his case — I speak now of a *
case that .actually happened In New
York not long ago — by sending Into
the barroom, after he himself leaves
It, a white confederate — mkny of tho
professional black litigants have these
white working partners.
"The white partner calls for a milk
punch, gets it, drinks it and pays the
regular market price for milk punches.
That's the finishing touch to the pro
fessional black litigant's case.
"Or, supposing the bartender, finding
that his black customer is willing to
pay the dollar demanded for a milk
punch, says:
" 'I've got no milk.'
" 'There are several bottles of milk
on ice in that case behind the bar,' re
plies the black man, having the lay of
the land all fixed before setting about
to build up his case, and I am speak
ing again of a case that actually hap
pened.
"That milk soured during the thun
derstorm this morning,"aBays the bar
keep.
" 'O, it did?' says the black man, and
he walks out.
"He immediately send3 his white con
federate into the barroom. The white
confederate gets a milk punch manu
factured out of sweet milk from one of
the bottles that the colored man haa
previously pointed out to the side-step
ping bartender— and there's the case.
Games like these are worked 'time and
again by the professional black liti
gants and they get by with them in
New York courts more often than they
lose out.
"'All right," says the professional
black litigant, and If the bartender puts
up no further excuse and serves the
drink the colored man . drinks It, pays
his dollar and walks out.
HAVE WHITE AliMES.
A lawyer was speaking of the inci
dent at Oyster Bay, President Roose
velt's home, the other day, in which
the white barber declined to shave the
colored preacher.
"It may not be generally known,"
said the lawyer, "that there Is a con
siderable class of professional litigants
among the colored people of New York.
They make a business of suing rail
roads and sleeping car companies and
proprietors of hotels, restaurants, bar
rooms, ice cream parlors and soda wa
ter fountains for refusing to grant
them the rights and privileges which
are freely accorded white persons.
"The professional black litigants
have many ways of meeting and beat-
Ing the scheme of the white purveyors
of commodities and accommodations
who desire only white patronage. The
professional black litigant, for exam
ple, walks Into a barroom that he
knows is a drinking place exclusively
for white men and . calls for a milk
punch.
" 'Milk punch costs %l to-day," says
the barkeep, thinking that the black
will Immediately go out and take the
air.
"The "Fashoda incident" of 1S9S had
an element of the;comic In it, but the
stock exchanges took it somewhat
seriously. Fire-eating Major Marchand,
with a French commission and a native
convoy, had penetrated the African
jungle to a point on the Upper Nile
claimed as Egyptian territory, » ; and
therefore as to .Great Britain,
There he set up the colors of France.
Sir Herbert Kitchener, moved deliber
ately down to . put . him back , Into
French domain. The ; question was,
would the two forces collide? s
Consols had opened September *- : at
110%. French rentes at 102% ; they fell
to 109% and 102, respectively, but that
was alL Kitchener behaved with ex
emplary discretion, and while Mar
chand did not, he only succeeded in ex
citing laughter, because, while his ve
hement protests were arriving. It .was
well-known that he was out of food
and living on Kitchener's good-natured
hospitality. It apparently under
stood by all well-informed people^ from
the start, that .when the j Paris news
papers had been allowed a few weeks
of Inflammatory outburst, M. Delcasse
would yield gracefully, as, In fact, he
did. Market 9 refused to be frightened
and -were quite warranted ¦ In ' dolngr so.
The war scar© was a matter of news-
MARCHAND AND FASHODA.
The "war scare" at the end of 1S95
and the beginning of 1836 was equally
sensational. First came President
Cleveland's "Venezuela message" of
December 19, on which British consols
in five days broke from 107% to 105%.
with a crash on the general English
and American stock markets which will
be well remembered. From this col
lapse a rapid recovery ensued, and con
sols were back to 107% when, on
Wednesday, January 1. came the news
of the Jameson raid. The price fell by
the close of the week to 105%. The Ger
man Emperor's telegram to President
Kruger less than one week afterward
and the hasty mobilization of the Brit
ish flying squadron sent It down to
105%. Yet this cloud, too, blew over
as quickly and completely as the oth
ers; the Jameson prisoners were' re
leased by Kruger, Germany explained,
the Venezuelan quarrel went to an ar
bitration board and by January 16 con
sols were back at 108.
The first and perhaps the most nota
ble was the high sensation over the
"Pendjeh affair" in 1885. A boundary
dispute on the Afghanistan frontier be
tween Russia and England had not
greatly influenced the markets until in
March the Russian troops suddenly
moved on the Afghans in the disputed
passes. At the close of March the Rus
sian general, Komaroff. had summoned
the Afghans to surrender; they had re
fused on the advice of the English com
mander, whereupon they were attacked
and routed. Consols, which in March
had fallen from 98% to 96%, had recov
ered to 98 again when the news of this
fight came in on April 7. In two days
they broke again to 94%, with French
rentes falling 2\i points, and the Lon
don Stock Exchange was In a condi
tion of which a financial critic wrote:
"To find a parallel we should have to
go back to the commencement of the
Franco-German war." But England
and Russia did not fight. M. de Gierg,
speaking for Russia, alluded to "this
regrettable incident." The dispute was
referred to the King of Denmark, and
by May, when negotiations were re
sumed, consols and rentes were above
their price for March.
THE VENEZUELA MESSAGE.
The fact that this week's "war scare"
occurred when a war was already go
ing on was not unusual. Such scares
are regular incidents of both politics
and markets whenever a war is going
on. The flutter In our markets during
the episode with the German Admiral
Diedrich, at Sublg Bay In the Philip
pines, during July, 1898, was one, but a
very small one. The Russian advance
on Constantinople, in 1878, when the
treaty of peace with Turkey was under
consideration, and England's prompt
dispatch of its fleet to the Bosporus,
was another case in point. A far more
interesting case was that of the "Trent
affair," in November, 1861, when Cap
tain" "Wilkes* seizure of Mason and Sli
dell from the British ship brought
England and this country close to the
verge of war. This was a case where
the markets grasped the situation's
real meaning very slowly. It was only
when the attitude of Lord Palmerston
became known to the London bankers
and their friends that the crash began,
which brought United States 6 per
cents to S3. as against 95% before the
incident, and sent down British 3 per
cent consols to 89*4, as against an
earlier price of 94. But, as a rule, the
most interesting "war scare" chapters
on the markets have been those where
the possibility of war appeared sud
denly in the diplomatic sky and took
the markets fairly oft their guard. - Of
this there are three notable precedents
in the' past generation.
AFGHANISTAN IN 1885.
WAR SCARES IX WAR TIME.
The sudden fright of the foreign
stock markets over the passage of
Russian privateers through the Bos
porus and the seizure of English and
German mails has had all the ear
marks of a traditional "European
war scare." British consols dropped
a full point, French rentes }£. and
prices on all European bourses fell
steadily for three days. Then they
began to recover and it was character
istic that recovery set In while actual
news of the action of England and
Russia was most disquieting. The
Paris banking community had appar
ently learned from the highest quar
ters what the Russian Government
proposed to do before any outside
channel of news had been similarly
favored. The episode naturally excit
ed reminiscence, for the "war scares"
are landmarks in the history of Euro
pean .finance and some of them are
the best of all reflections of historic
incidents.
Work Their Game in Seeking
Accommodations at Resorts
Exclusively for the Whites
Reasons for Violent Falls
in Pricey at Such Times
and for Their Rapid Rise
WHITE CONFEDERATES
SECUEITIES AFFECTED
Eeminiscences of Other Like
Incidents Suggested by the
Kussian Seizure of Malacca
Litigation Is Only Business
of a Number of Members
of Gotham's Colored Colony
NEGROES MAKE
BIG PROFITS
" WAR SCARE"
FROM RED SEA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
45
WINDOWS fcr rent for parade Tuesday; fine
view; Pine and Montgomery. 210 Mont-
¦ gowery tt., rocms 11-12.
j U Targe, double windows; flne view; party or
single; reas. Mro. McDowell.' 1019 Market.
| WINDOWS for the parade. 101G Market st.
A FINE view of parade; 305 Kearny st.,' corner
Push; ?1 person; call en third floor.-
FINK windows reasonable at Library building.
Van Xoss and Golden Gate aves. ,
! VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Bay window; party or
tingle; also steps. Sept. 5 and 6.
LARGE bay window to rent for parade. llOt
Market St., room 55.
A LARGE bay-window, the finest In the city.
1122 Market st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st.. cor. Fifth,
for viewing parade.' Apply room 10, 1 Fifth.
GORE, corner Market, Powell and Eddy sts.;
Urge bay windows. Apply 8 Eddy, room 5.
S FINK windows to view the parade; full view
of Market »t. 8 Ellis nt.
BEVTTSO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix?, We will
! trade you a new one for it. Visit the new re-
tail office of the White Co.. 915 Market St.,
and see the great collection of machine art
¦work now on exhibition; 1000 new Whites for
rent; best machines on earth.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all. kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds, $3. 55, $8; guaranteed; where the
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
_ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yenr
TO I.EASE.
FOR leaee — California Schuetzen Club Park,
near San Rafael, California. Written bids for
the lease of California Schuetzen Club Park
for five years, from December 20, 1904, will
be received up to October 1, 1904, at the of-
fice of the secretary of the California
Schuetzen Club, Park and Building Associa-
tion, O. A. Bremer, 820 Kearny St., San
Francisco. California. The form of lease
and each and all the terras and conditions,
except the amount of rent, may be seen at
the office of the secretary, and any intending
lessee whose bid Is accepted will have to
rive satisfactory security for the perform-
ance of the terms and conditions of the
lease. The directors reserve the right to' re-
ject any and all bids.
PHILO JACOBT. President.
O. A. BREMER. Secretary.
TtPEWEITEES AND STTFFLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Fmlth Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
VIAVI. \
A WAV TO HEALTH— Home treatment for
mothers and daughters. A stenographer
wriUs: "I was wretched and Viavl has
rcido too feel that life is still worth the
living. My trouble was leucorrhoea, from
which I had suffered for fifteen years. Dur-
ing this time there are not many remedies
one could mention I had not tried. From
nervous DroRtration was obliged to give up
my work for two years; when I did resume
I was far from fit for It, and think now I
could not have continued it but for Viavi.
I heard of it about this time, but thought
it was like all the other medicines I had
tried, when a friend said she had investi-
gated its merits before commencing its use,
and that it was all that was claimed for
It. I beran Its use with many misgivings.
To be brief, Viavi has donn more for me in
!e*s than one year's time than all the med-
iclnee and doctors did during fifteen years
that I Buffered and doctored for this trou-
ble. I etlll use It occasionally. Many girls
puffer. Mothers should not let It run on,
as mine did. but use Viavl and be cured."
• Booklet containing information free to thoss
calling or writing for it. VIAVI CO.. 2304
Van Ners ave., San Francisco.
' PIVIDEgP^OTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— TheGlant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. CO. of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock, of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
September 10. 1904. ¦ Transfer books close
Sept. 3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec.
' I FBOFOSALS. *
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12. 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the city of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. inclusive-, bearing date
of January 1, 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1954, bearing Interest at the rate of
C j>er cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona, In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act bas been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second issue of the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be cald seml-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and» interest payable in gold coin
of the United States at the office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. • A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the rmount bid, payable to the order of
E, E. Klrkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
1 any each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment In full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered* a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed tb the Board,
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Office
Depot Quartermaster, 38 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal., September 8. 1904.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, ' will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m.. September 28,
1904, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing and delivering at the San
Francisco Depot. California, stationery,
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint, oil, etc The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any
or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on 'application. Envelopes containing
proposals ' to be marked, "Proposals for
Quartermaster Supplies No. 6970," and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Quarter-
master, U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. September B. 1904 —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here, until 11 o'clock a. m., October
S, 1904. and then opened, for the construction
of an additional story to Administration
bulldlnz of General Hospital. Presidio of
San Francisco. Cal.. including plumbing,
heating and wiring.
Government reserves the right to reject
. or accept any or all bids, in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quarter-
master General. Chief Quartermaster. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wers issued
festerdar: . . . ¦ . . • ¦
Lawrence B Foster. 80. 1783 Pine street,
and Violet I. Fife. 23 1201 California street.
Arnold Haaxe. 24, 15 De Boom street, and
Elizabeth B. Hagemann. 20, 832 Pacific street.
Aloozo Hutslnplller, 59, Los Angeles, and
Mary P. Frlsbee. 48. 1439 Broderick street.
Robert E. Goeritz, 44. Chlco. and Kate Chil-
dress. 35. Chlco.;.
Jens Stangland, 22, 78 Bernal avenue, and
Ragnhlld Bjorastad. 24, 14S4 Fifteenth street.
John A. de Barrows. 86. Richmond, and
Juanita' Remlres. 26 1707 Howard ctreet.
Allen E Toung. 26. 69 Harrison street, and
Amanda C. Backus. 21. 4331 Twentieth street.
Paul Bartolome 22, city, and Marie Mar-
cband 22. 777% Market street.
Frank H. Greene. 21. 222 Harriet street, and
Genevieve F. McNulty. 18. 1502 % Folsom st.
Hector Rlvest. 32. 204 Halght street, and
'Kate Wyckoff. 22. 37 A Silver street.
Charles L. Hulse. 29. city, and Georgia L.
Eea! 18. city.
Harry O. Clark. 26, 26 East street, and Ber-
tha M. Taylor, 22. 2482% Market street.
Frederick E. S. Jensen. 39. 1206 Washington
street, and Kate Stolts. 30. 1603 Van Ness ave.
David J. McAvln. 22. Oakland, and Ella M. .
Hamby. 18. Oakland. " ¦ .
Thomas de Matel, 21, 80 Prescott place, and'
Louise A. LInari. 20. 415 Union street.
Walter W. Chapell. 21, city, and Ethel 'Vin-
cent 20 Portland. Or
Henry J. Eosso, 24, 1313 Dupont street, and
Edith Luclanl. 17. 615A Filbert etreet>
John Marzllllus. 37, 708 Laurel avenue, and
Eugene Wernert. 27. 1425 Larkln street.
Leopor.io Banchlero. 26 762 Brannan street,
and Tereoa Lavtzzo 22. 762 Brannan street.
'Jert Rthrr, 20. Sonera, and Jennie Boegle,
2.1 ' 2663 Mission Srfltfc
Paul C. Harlnn. Sulsun. and Mary E. Baker,
130 McAllister BtTeet. • .
eirths-mrriages-deam:;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bt
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
tent authorized to have tu» <imi published.
iiCOKS TO LET — Para, and ITafnrn. ¦
ilcALLlSTl^K. 1US — Nicely turuiil:ci ro<-in
tcr one of V.vn 5rer.tl?mcn.
.^INNA. II*— Site Urre tinsie -nJ utuoiv
rooms 'o let; r>ut checn.
Jin-'NA. ~i~> — Furr.Sr,hcd ro.mt.
•:i.\XA. i^".N— i^unny front rm>m, (suitable for
lady or pcntleman; private- family; rent $0.
•y. NNA. -T28 — Nicely furr.ished tunny rooms;
ltiisonalile.
I.TIXNA. 465 Vs — Furnirhed room.
MINNA. TZTi — A r.eat, sunny, front room,
1IINNA. CCO— Newly furnished rooms.
KZESXOY. **G — 2 rooms t» let. furnished.
MISSION. S44 — Ilooms to let.
taSStOSS, MS— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 92* — Rooms to let.
MISSION". M6— P.ooma to let.
MISSION. CCS— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. OSS — Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1013— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1020— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1024— nooms to let.
MISSION. 1049— Nicely furnished rooms to let
MISSION, 1061 — Nice sunny room* to let.
MISSION. 1S14 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1549— Furnished rooms.
MISSION'. lrSDB— Nice sunny furnished room,
with or without beard; bath; crate; reason-
able.
MISSION, 2022 — Two single, sunny, furnished
nwvr.s; side a.nd front.
MISSION. 2245— Furr.lshed rooms.
MISSICX, 2^47— RooriB to let.
MISSION. 2292— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 2701— Room for lady.
MISSION. 276S — To let. furnished rooms.
VIPSION. 2«C2— Furnlehed rooms.
MONTGOMERT, 109 — Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. C19 — Rooms to let.
NINTH. 1M — Furnished rooms to let.
. TFNTH. 1<9 — Large double room; centrally lo-
cated.
NINTH. 1M — Large furnished room; rent rea-
scnaHe.
NINTH, J<-% — Furnished rooms to let.
CAK, rS2— Nev.ly furnished basement room;
rent S5.
£>AK. 400 — Entire floor of 8 rooms, furnished.
OAK. 7ol — Large, sunny room for house-
• -K.eiirg.
f'AK, 17C5 — Nicely furnished front room to let.
OCEAN BOULEVARD, 1522 Forty-ninth ave.
— Sas&jr furnished room*.
OCTATCAj 11^7 — Large well-furnished room for
three young tntn.
OCTAV1A. 1157— Well-furnlEhed rooms; gas;
bath; phone.
CFAKRELL. 6 — FurrUhed rooms to let.
OKAKRELL. 755— Sunny Iror.t room, fur-
nished, to let.
.O'FARRELL. 776. r.r. Larkin— 2 light, «mny.
large unfur. housekpg. rocms; reasonable.
"< 'FAI1RELL. 11C4 — Choice, exceptional acootn-
fn'xlations for rtsttinc Knights; suites of 3 or
m^re roumt; also double and etngle rooms.
"FARKELL. 120fV— Furnished rooms; modern;
bath; board if aeelr'-d; nice. home. ,
<>FAKI:ELL. 1S20, near Buchanan— 2 fur-
nishf-ii rooms; hot and cold water; bath;
phone; 51-'; private; also eingle, 510 and $6.
PACIFIC, nno— To let, fcr the conclave, two
large, tunny roemst suitable for four.
I'AGE. 16 — Furnished rooms.
3 AGE. 26 — Furnished rooms.
PAGE. ~l — Furnished rooms.
PAGE. 116 — Large nunny front room: elegantly
furr.ished, piano; four blocks from Mechanic's
JPavtlkn.
PAGE. 1C30 — Parlor eu!t», lavatory, gas grate,
k-.izt'n; also single rooms; furn. and unfur.
I'AGK. 1776 — Unfurnished rocms.
PABXASSnS ave.. 219 — Furnished room.
PINE. 044— Fine eunry rooms 1 ; cheap; suitable
for two r*>ntleincn.
PINE, €S3 — Furnished rooms to let.
PINE. 730 — Furnished room.
I'iVE. 775 — Elepant modern room for gentle-
Tnsn.
I'INE, 100C — Newly furnished rooms.
, PINE. 100e— Sunry furnished rooms.
VINE. 1735, near Van Ness — Elegantly fur-
nished tunny room*; private family; all con-
. venieuces; moderate.
POLK. 917 — Sunr.y furnished alcove for 2; also
other*; transient.
• J'OLK. 1018 — To let, a large front suany
rocni.
POLK. 1SS0 — Furnished rooms tb rent; rea-
sonable.
POST. 217 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or «n suite, for conclave visitors; reasonable.
I 'OFT. SS3— Large furnished front room; run-
ifirg water; for 1 cr 2 gents; references.
KMT. lOir.n — Elegantly furnished rooms dur-
ing conclave.
rOWELL, 506— Sunny rooms for Blr Knights.
POWELL* HOC— Nicely furnished roomf; rea-
t-onable.
: r \VELL. fjlfi — Nicely furnished rooms. . ..|
I'^AVELL. f>l$. overlooking the bay— Finely
furnished sunny rocms, with or without board
IT.OSPECT. 318-^-Furnlshed rootns. ',
RITCH, SC6 — 2 cucny front rooms to let.
KITCC. tSS.V^-1 Trort rocms to let.
BACRA1IE2CTO. 1CU— »a* «nd very eunny
. rear room; private famijy; gentleman.
.- A<~UA1IENTO. 1642 — A sunny ball room In
privete family fcr gentleman.
/>'.' BRUNO ave.. 1421— N'icely furnished
.. «am io let.
•4AN r AHLOS a\e., 219— Unfurnished room.
*'*V* CABJJOS ave., £20 — Furnished room to
W"T. tr-i— jcjc« eunny suite of rooms dur-
Sn— Lerge snnny well furnished room.
2ZZ-~ A sunny furnithed roorn^
. v 1NIX, t79~T^rk] r.djolnlns Jefferson
•-^i!l!r 4 r< - crr - g : apt*. Tel. Eart 917.
e ¦'-. ! --TIi, soG, Ml««ion district — 1 unfurnished
- u, r«-<.t : repsonable.
n - -W— Furr.ished f rent . room. . sult-
CUTLET, 234— Furnished room. ' <
• ECOMS TO LET — rorn. anfl TJaf am.
fcH«iT}viii:i.. t;5r. — Niceiy iurnisiu;*! au:in>
rooms; private family.
'SIXTH. 13T.A— Front bedror.ni. $1 7i, week.
I SIXTEENTH. :;i 5.5, near Valencia — A sur.ny
; bwircrrst; caJ. bath, i^hone.
j £MAI*L room; ci^an. li^ht; private house; ref-
I orcnecs; ?7 a u.or.th. Bex 'J04. Call oMce.
SOUTH PARK. 130— Room to let. " , '
6OCTH PARK. 137— Nicely furnished rooms;
r<-»6onal»!e.
BTE1NER. 907— Furnished or unfurnished
room to let.
STEVENSON. 257'4— Rooms to let.
STEVENSON, 774— Small furnished room to
let. ¦' *¦ '
STEVENSON, 774— Small furnished room to
let.
BUTTER. 3C1— The Larchmont. between Grant
ttvf. ani Stockton st. — Central, convenient;
clpjpint rooms fcr conclave week; rates $1 to
ii i-cr day. Cars direct .from ferry.
EUTTER. 1633 — Furnished rooms to let.
TAYLOR. 21— First-class suites and single
rooms; steam heat, hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
TATLOR. 212^ — Sunny furnished rooms.
. TEHAMA, 154 — Furnished rooms.
• TEHAMA. 304— Furnished room to let.
' TEHAMA. 4S7— Furnished rooms to let.
TENTH. 123 — Furnished room to let.
THE LARCT1MONT. S61 Butter— New brick
- building, finely furnished; modern; central;
rates reasonable.
THIRD, 75 — Room to rent.
• THIRD, 79 — Furnished rocms to let.
THIRD, 87— Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 89 — Nice sunnr rooms.
THIRD, 308 (The Mayflower) — Pleasant suny
furnished rooms; central; reasonable.
TILTON ave.. 124— A furnished room.
TO the Winchester for the best rooms in city.
f>S Third st.
TUIIK. 24? — 2 finely furnished rooms; hot and
cold water. Apply in morning.
TUKK. 823 — Large front room.
. TURK. SOl-^-Fumlshed room to let. ,
TWENTIETH. 3680 — To rent, large sunny, fur-
nUhed room; $S.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367—2 gents; furnished
rooms near 3 car lines.
UNFURNISHED parlor suite and kitchen. 520:
vicinity Sacramento and Baker sts. Address
box So7, Call office.
i UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 55c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
. VALENCIA. 194 — Furnished rooms to let.
. VALENCIA. 207— Furnished room to let.
VAN NESS ave.. 320 — Nicely furnished, sunny
ein~Ie room; $8.
' WASHINGTON. 3031— Sunny room to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d sU. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to ?1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
> YOU can't beat the Wellington for rooms. 75
Third st.
BOOMSjlWD^BOAKDr
PRIVATE family can accommodate a party of
IS. $4 a week each; have full use of kitehen;
market convenient. 2136 Howard st.. second
house from 18th; desirable neighborhood.
BOARD and room, private family; no other
. - boarders; references; no children. Box 813, ,
Call office.
, COMFORTABLE, sociable, moderate home for
gentleman: 20 minutes to electric cars; good
board. Pox 11S7. CalL ¦
FINE south facing front and. side rooms:
! nicely furnished; flrrt-class table board. 960
Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
ilcALLISTER. 799— Two elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board; reserved the
Knights; reasonable. Phone Fell 1424.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with
i choicest French table board; best location.
, LARKIN, E40 — Room and board for gentleman.
LAGUNA. 1123 — Furnished room and board;
suitable for two.
j MASON, 615A. near Butter — Sunny room and
board in private family.
MCALLISTER, 1822— Rooms and board.
O'FARRELL, 910 — Sonny furnished room and
running water, with board.
POST, 945— Room, with or without board.
ROOM3 with board; all locations. Phone Clay
996. '
ROOMS with board. 1163 Turk street
EDDT. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
runny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
HOWARD. 841 A— First-class board and room,
single or double, IZ- $6 wk. ; American family.
i Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
B07 California — See rooms. learn prices.try table.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Caneda one year for $1.
ST. Z.OUIS BOOMS.
ST. LOUIS, Mo. — Parties desiring rooms on
direct car line to fair, address MRS. H.
ATKINS, 8C56 Cook ave,
BOOMS AMT> BOARD WAITTBP.
ROOM and board, about $5 50 weekly.
GEORGE GOODPERLE;. 200 Post st. . .
BOOMS WAKTED.
REFINED couple, no children, want 2 or 3
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms; good
location: permanent; etate terms. Box 846,
Call office. . - y ¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ' '
BT lady and son,, employed during day. 2 un-
furnished rooms; ¦ reasonable. M. T., 310
Laurel ct.
EOOM-EEgTIgQ AOENCT.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg. —
Rooms to let. with or without housekeeping,
single or In suites; we recommend 300 Scott,
464 Hal-ht. 403 Halght. 1187 Ellis. . .
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 098.
STABI.ES TO LET.
6TABLE 1 or 2 horses; plaoe for wagons. 36
I Brady £t.. off Market, bet. Twelfth and
Thirteenth.
GOOD stalls for rent. 226 Fourteenth st.
STOEAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLLvStorage Co.; storage,
racking, shipping; warehouse, G.O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A v-MPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture
household «oods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard tt.-. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
C^bone Mint »«; JOHN F. COOPER, pr^;
furniture moved, packed, chipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
COXKLI-VS Storage-Furniture and "»"**»-
iis*. 3X3 Golden Gate ave. ; «phone East 126.
rOLPFN West Stora?e;> advances roa^e. 840
M^ion St.; teU Howard 941. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Stnrase and Furniture Movlnj.Com-
pasy- 2320 -Flllmore St.; phone Jackson .81.
i'FKINP Van and fitorare Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt : tel. Main IStO. Shipping at cut rates.
BTUTTCBHTO AITP gTAMMD^^OTOV^
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this colucn
free of. charge. . . ____
T 'HORN.
BENNETT— In this city. August 31. "<>*• tff
the wife of Charles L. Bennett, a daughter.
DUSSELL— In this -city, August 25, .1904. to
the wife of J. P. Dussell. a con.
EARLE-ln Palo Alto. August 28. 1904, to the
wife of William M. Earle. a daughter.
FAKUELL— Id Berkeley. August 20. 1904, to
the wife of Charles J. Farrell. a son.
FENANDER— In West Berkeley. August 16.
l!)04 to the wife of K. Fenander. a son.
GHANT— In this city. August 23. 1»O*. j <° "">
wife of A. W. Grant (formerly Minnie Bes-
by), a daughtei.
GRUNDEL— In this city, August 17. 1P04. to
the wife of O. F. Grundel, a son.
i «)WELIr— In this city. August 23. 1904.
to the wife of S. Iiallowell. a daught-r.
HURLET— In this city, September 1. 1904. to
the wife of L. J. Hurley, a son.
LUTTRELL— In this city. August 26, 1904. to
the wife of Mr. D. Luttrell. a daughter./
McGILVRAY— In this city. August 12. 1904. to
the wife of John D. McGllvray Jr.. a «n.
MORTON— In this city. September 2. 1904, to
the wife of Frank A. Morton, a daughter.
NORTON— In this city. September 2. 1904, to
the wife of J. P. Norton, a son.
SLATTERT— In this city. August 29. 1904, to
the wife of William J. Slattery. a daughter.
SODERNAN— In this city, September 3, 1904.
to the wife of L. P. Sodernan. a son.
THUTE— In this' city, September 1, 1904. to
the wife of William C. Thute, a daughter.
WILDGANS— In this city. August 28. 1904. to
the wife of George Wlldgana. a daughter.
~ MARRIED.
ALPHERS— BOTES— In this city. September
1. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Alphers .
anil Edith Boyes.
BEILHES— LHOTE— In this city. September
1 >9O4 by Father A. Hamet. Leon Bellhe*
and Amelia Lhote, both of this city.
COOET— MEDLET— In this city September 1,
190 by the Rev. John Stephens, Malachi
Cooey of Needles. Cal.. and Amy Medley of
this city.
CORKET-rDEVLIN— In this city. September
1 1904 at Trinity Methodist Church, by the
Rev Dr. John A. B.. Wilson. William A.
Corkey of New Tork and Gertrude A. Devlin
of San Francisco.
ENOW— LIPP— In this city. August 29. 1904.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, George E. Snow
and Barbara Lipp.
STEWART— NEEDHAM— In San Rafael. June
28, 1004 • by the Rev. W. U. Atkinson,
George H. Stewart and Catherine Needham.
. both of San Francisco.
WHTTE — WRIGHT— In this city. August 81,
1904 by the Rev. Walter Morritt. Nell A.
Whyte and Harriet L. Wright, both of this
city.
DIED.
Black Daniel McCIung. John
Brossart, Gertrude McGilvray. Infant
Carroll. Catherine Marone. Felice E.
Crowell Martin L. Moore. Horace H.
Davidson, Mrs. Lydla Nelson, James D.
Farquharson. Jessie Nichols. Alberta
Gregory. Amalla Preston; Henry
Henderson. Mary A. Pucclnelll. Fulton
Hennessey. Peter Ryan. William I.
Jackson. Hannah P. Schuldt. Herman
Katz, Gottlieb Skipper. Arthur
Killeen. John J. Stoddard. Anthony M.
Lane, Lottie ¦vyallingsford. Viola
Low. Frederick G. Welll, Sarah •
BLACK— In this city. September 2. 1904.
• Daniel Black beloved . husband of Mary
Black late of Portland, Me., aged 70 years.
(Portland, Me., papers please copy.)
ff^Funeral to take place Monday. Sep-
tember 5. at 9 a. m.. from St. Agnes
Church. Remains at the residence of his
brother. Henry M. Black. 121 Broderick
street.
BROSSART— In this city. September 3. 190*.
Gertrude, beloved wife of Charles Brossart.
and mother of Louis .Frederick Brossart, a
native of Arizona, aged 26 years 9 months
and S days.
E7Remalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
CARROLL — In this city. September 2, 1904,
Catherine, Carroll, beloved wife of John D.
Carroll, and mother of James J. Carroll.
Mrs. O. Sehwerdtfeger and Mrs. Sarah
Gibbons a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. September 5. 1904, at 9:30 a. m..
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . •
CROWELL— In this city, August 30. 1901.
Martin L. Crowell, beloved husband of
Esther F. Crowell. a native of Brunswick,
Me., aged 61 years 2 months and 0 days.
(Pawtucket. R, I., and Portland. Me., pa-
pers please copy.)
fry Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of George H. Thomas - Circle are re-
spectfully Invited ¦ to attend the funeral,
which will be held under the auspices of
George H: Thomas Post No.- 2, O. A. R..
at their hall. 220 Golden Gate avenue, to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 3 p. m. creek-
route boat.
DAVIDSON— In Oakland, September 1. 1904.
Mrs. Lydia M. Davidson loving mother of
Mrs. Emma Prescott ana John C. Jenkins,
a native of England, aged 87 years 3 months
and 25 days.- . . .
07Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . Tuesday,
September 6. 1904. at 7:30 a. m., from the
parlors of the Howe Undertaking Company,
corner of Grove and Twenty- second streets,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fortieth and Grove streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 8 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery via creek route.
FARQUHARSON— In this city. September 1,
1904, Jessie II., wife of David Farquharson.
and mothe/ of Mary A., CXX). and D. F.
Farquharson, aged 70 years and 10 months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. September 4 19O4, at 1 p. m.. at
her late- residence. 801- Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. . Please omit flowers.
GREGORT— In this city. September 2. 1904.
Amalla, beloved wife of the late William
Gregory, mother of the late August Swaneke,
and devoted aunt of Miss Maria Kohncke, a
native of Germany, aged 71 years 8 months
and 25 - days. A member of the Friends of
the Golden Gate Vereln and German Ladles'
Benevolent Society.
G7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 433 Golden Gate avenue, between
, Larkln and Polk streets, where services will
be held under the auspices of the Friends
of the Golden Gats Vereln. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In Eureka. Cal., September 1.
1904. Mary. A., wife of George Henderson,
and mother of Isabell S. Henderson, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 63 years 7 months
and 24 days. ¦ •. ¦ -
IC Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday),
at 2 p. m.. at the chapel of. Clark & Booth,
612-614 Van New avenue, between Golden
Gate avenue and Turk street. Cremation at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, private.
HENNESSET — -In this city. September 2 1904
Peter, beloved husband of Catherine Hen-
nessey, and father of William J. and How-
ard Hennessey and Mrs. Howard No well a
native of Ireland, aged 82 years 7 months
and 10 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 a. m.. from his late residence
2749 Bush street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church for services at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass
will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday), at
9 a. m., at St. Dominic's Church for the
repose, of his soul. Friends are invited to
attend.
JACKSON — In Oakland. September 2 1904
at 804 Sixteenth street, Hannah P.' Jack-
son, widow of the late Giles a. Jackson
and mother of Austin M. Jackson and Mrs
C. E. Qulgley. a native of Ohio, aged 82
years and 6 months.
KATZ — In this city. September 2 1904. Gott-
lieb, dearly beloved husband of Ernestine
Katz. devoted father of Lena, Freddie Lla-
zle and Sophie Katz. and brother of Chris-
tian and Albert KaU.' a native of Wurtem-
berg. Germany, 1 aged 49 years 4 months and
27 days.' .... ,-... ¦' -¦¦ . ¦.-•,- ¦ ¦. «,
CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:80 p. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and. Eighth, thence to' San
Francisco Turn Vereln Hall. 353 Turk street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Schwaben Ve-
reln. ' commencing at 3 p. m. Cremation I
O. O. F. Cemetery.
KILLEEN— In this city, September 3 1904
John Joseph, beloved husband of Lottie Kil-
leen. son of Hugh J. and Annie Killeen and
brother of Mamie, and Tessle Killeen' and
_ Mrs. George Lyons, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 11 months and 1 day
A member of Plasterers' Union.
(CT Remains at. the parlors of McFadden
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
HENRY J. CAL L ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
_ 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
• .Telephone South 80. .. ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — — Funeral Directors and . Embalmers——
' Formerly intMetropoliUn Temple.
NOW at 8«8 MISSION. Tel 8outh 16T.
Between Fourth and . Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.:
F. J. Monahan, Manager. ! Tel. Mission tU
M0NAHAN-:0'HAM<fe C0: :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2320-2341 Mltslon st.. near Nineteenth,
Ban" Francisco.
LANE— In Oakland. September 2. 1904. Lottie
Lane, beloved mother of Llllle. Willie. Edith
and Ethel Lane, a native of England, aged
43 years 9 months and 26 days.
LOW— In Oakland. September 2. 1904. Fred-
erick G.. beloved husband of Frances E.
Lowe, and father of Mrs.~ Marshall Bowen
and Fred G.. John P.. Frank P. and Wil-
liam P. Low, - a native of Massachusetts,
aged 7S years 7 months and 4 days.
MeCLUNG— In this city. August 28, 1904, John
McCIung, husband of Eliza C. McCIung, and'
father of Margaret. Clara and John H. Mc-
CIung. a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 70 years. (Toronto papers please copy.)
McGILVRAT— In this city. August 12. 190+.
infant son of John D. Jr. and Dotte Sewell
McGllvray.
MARONE— In this city September 3. 1904,
Felice Enrico, dearly beloved «on of Felice
A. and Lizzie Marone (ne* Mahoney). and
brother of Louisa Marone, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 5. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.. from his
parents' residence, 6 Cadell street, off Union,
between Dupont and Stockton. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. September 3, 1004.
Horace H. Moore, beloved husband of Ann
Moore, a native of New York City, aged S3
years.
E7Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dlerks. 957 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city August 31. 1904, James
D.. beloved husband of Mrs. C. Nelson, a
native of Portland. Me., aged 48 years 5
months and 11 days A member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64; California Circle No. 178;
Choppers' Friendship Club No. 1. Woodmen
of the World; Altahmos Tribe No. S7. Im-
proved Order of Red Men. and State of
Maine Association of California.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
,- fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 12 m.. at his late
residence. 1017 Geary street, between Polk
and Van Ness avenue under the auspices
of Golden Gate Camp No. 04 and Choppers'
Friendship Club No. 1, Woodmen of the
World. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage.
The officers and members of California
Circle No. 78. W. O. W.. will attend the
funeral of our late neighbor, James D.
Nelson, from his late residence. 1017 Geary
street. Sunday, September 4. at 12 m.
MART BALTIE. G. N. pro tem.
M. J. KATT. Clerk.
NICHOLS— In this city. September. 3. 1904.
Alberta, beloved daughter of Norman and
Ethel Nichols, a native of San Francisco, j
aged 1 year 9 months and 8 days.
PRESTON— At Pacific Grove. August 12. 1904,
Henry Preston, a native of Hull; England,
aged 40. years and 6 months.
PUCCINELLI— In this city, September 3. 1001.
Fulton, dearly beloved son of Fulton and
Louisa Puccinelli. and brother of Reynold,
Louis. Clorinda and Almeda Pucclnelll, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 months
and 8 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1109A Montgomery street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
RTAN— In this city. September 1, 1901. Wil-
liam I. Ryan, beloved son of Elizabeth and
the late T. C. Ryan, and brother of Thomas
J.. Frank. George H.. Katherlne M., Eliza-
beth H. and Fannie E. Ryan and Mrs. Mar-
garet Tojette. a native of San Francisco.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m.. from the residence of
his mother. 924 Flllmore street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHULDT— Near San Mateo, September 2,
1004. Herman Schuldt, beloved husband of
Fannie Schuldt. and father of Elizabeth and
Christian Schuldt. a native of Germany,
aged 68 years.
B^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 p. m.. from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No 1 I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cem'ete'ry.
SKIPPER— In Golden Gate September 2."
1904. at 911 Sixty-third street, Arthur Skip-
per, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years.
STODDARD— In this city, September 3 1004,
Anthony M., dearly beloved husband' of E.
.R." H. Stoddard. and father of Mrs. Bessie
Auley. Mrs. Grace Ryder and Miss Ivy and
Roy Stoddard. a native of Iowa, aged C6
years 10 months and 7 days. (San Jose,
Cal.. and Des Moines, Iowa, papers please
copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WALLINGSFORD— In this city, September 3.
10C4, Viola May Walllngsford. beloved
daughter o f Mr. H. and Mrs A. Twist and
sister of Arthur Wallingsford of Illlno'is a
native of Illinois, aged 16 years 8 months
and 1 day. ,
WEILL— In Oakland. September 4, 1004 Sa-
rah beloved wife of Jacques Welll. mother
$£ Mt rman 2' Madel| ne. Eugene and Edmond
Welll. and aunt of Lucle and Alice Peres
¦ a '2 a o/* J of France - a *ed 5Q years 3 months
and 28 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our friends for kind-
nesses extended in ou r late bereavement
W. N. HANNIGAN.
ANNIE HANNIGAN.
CARD OF THANKS.
?h^'t h * rew j th <[ eslre to extend our heartfelt
i hanks t0 South San Francisco Lodge No.
fjf • /• and A M. ; San Francisco Chapter
No. 4 R. A. M.; Master Mariners' Benevo-
lent Association and Beulah Chapter No. 99.
Order of Eastern Star, as well as the many
friends and neighbors who gave so many
evidences of their heartfelt and comforting
sympathy, numerous tokens of. kindness and
friendship and beautiful floral offerings dur-
ing the sad hours of our bereavement of
w * n ? h hl^ a 2 d {. f ather ' TOU and brother.*
Rudolph W. Schultze
SCHULTZE. brothers. Ki w>Sacramento Experiences a Hot Spell.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 3.— The weather
here is hot. The highest "reading "to
day was 99 degrees, lowest 66, and
mean 82%. The highest 3d of Septem
ber heretofore recorded here was in
1899, when 100 was reached. J The rela
tive humidity yesterday was greater
than usual, namely 53 per cent at 5
a.,m. and 23, at 5 p. m.
« ? « V
Tunnel Between Tiburon and San Ra
fael Repaired. '
The repair work on tunnel No. 2 on the
line of the California Northwestern Ry., be
tween Tiburon and San Rafael. Is now finished,
and commencing Sunday, September 4, the reg
ular boat and train service via Tiburon will
be resumed. . . • ¦
Napa to Celebrate Labor Daj
NAPA, Sept. 3. — Extensive prepara
tions have been made' by the Federated
Trades Council of Napa. County for the
celebration of Labor day in' Napa on
Monday. In the evening there will be
a parade of seven unions and other spe
cial features. There will be a display
of fireworks alonjr the line -of march.
After the parade J. G. Lawler of Santa.
Rosa and O. W. MoCasIin of Napa will
speak. The day's festivities will con
clude with a ball in the East Napa Pa
vilion.
Dr. Xajel. oculist; removed to T*l Suttcr
street. Phone East 1217. Hours 10 to 12, 1 to 3.«
. «¦ ¦
Life Is a game of promise and take.
.Fred F. Dunne, an employe of the
city in repairing the wires of the fire
and police alarm system, yesterday
sued the : San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company.for $50,000. damages
for personal injuries alleged: to* have
been .-'sustained '•*:-: by '¦ him on March 2
while In the performance . of his duty:
-He climbed a , pole, at '.the. corner of
Union and Powell streets and his hand
was badly burned .' by contact .with . one
oft the defendant's'; uninsulated wires.
He': fell twenty-two - feet and his hip
jras broken. v.ff^lfgggB
Electricity Cause .of -Fall.
A carload of trunks and dress, suit
cases Just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. If you are in need of a
trunk, valise, dress, suit case, - wrist bag
or anything in the leather goods line,
come and see the largest assortment and
lowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 711 Market street. . •
adept in acting and so is the ingenue,
Miss Linda Arvison. Of the men," J.
H. Gllmour is clearly the most artistic,
with Richard Thornton a close second.
But it . is such an all. around capable
organization that further comparisons
might be Invidious.
"In the Palace of the King" is on-for
an . Indefinite . run, ..which Is not likely
to be a short one.
A Carload of Trunks.
MADERA, Sept" 3.— Melvln Matteson,
the 15-year-old son of A: Alattesoni - a.
farmer, was accidentally shotV.aiid
killed this afternoon at his .home, six
miles "east of town. Young Matteson
was fooling with a revolver, when the
weapon was accidentally discharged
and the ball passed through his heart.
Boy Accidentally Kills Himself.
At noon yesterday ln Judge Heb
bard,'s court Nettie Blumenthal was
granted a divorce from Emil Blumen
thal on the ground of desertion. The
suit had been filed less than twenty
four hours before and while the young
husband was represented ln court by
Henry Ach and Myer Jacobs they of
fered no opposition to the proceed
ings. According to a stipulation pre
viously made the wife was .given a
lump sum of $3000 in lieu of alimony
and $500 for the fees of her attorneys,
Vogelsang & Jacobs. Blumenthal is
the son of B. Blumenthal, the wealthy
glove manufacturer.
Stanriie -Wilke.'who has been the
wife of R. G. Wilke, a real estate deal
er,; for more -than' twenty-six years,
yesterday .*. began suit for divorce,
charging him with habitual Intemper
ance and cruelty. They were married
in Chicago April 13. 1878, and have
three children. She says that he has
an income of $350 a month from his
business and asks the court to award
her $150 a month alimony.
Lillian M. Clark asks the court to
annulvher marriage with Harry. A.
Clark, which occurred at Los Angeles
in -November, 1900: *
Other suits for, divorce were filed by
Annie; Murphy against John J. Mur
phy jfor cruelty, Georgia Newcomb
against Albert Newcomb for desertion,
William R: Jennings against Feliciana
Jennings = for desertion, and Sarah H.
Burke- against William - Burke for de
sertion.
Emll Blomenthal Must Pay Deserted
Wife $3000— Other Matrimonial
Penalties.
Thousands of brilliant electric lights
Illuminated j the happy countenances! of
well satisfied gourmands who bestowed
their patronage upon Terrace Garden at
Its. opening- last>-' evening^' Every. one
praised the excellent service.- the splendid
cuisine,. the pure atmosphere, the lack of
a basement, the respectability of the
place, the courtesy of managers and
waiters, the beautiful melodies played by
the neatly uniformed Jaulus Hungarian
Hussar Orchestra, and, ln fact, the com
plete, comfort prevalent everywhere. The
.first- time ln thehlstory of San Francis
do has there been established a cafe
which .resembles In appearance as well
as service the famous European resorts
of -this nature. 'Handsome flowers are
arranged tastefully "in hanging baskets
and beautiful, palm trees grouped pictur
esquely about the place, give the scene a
most cheerful aspect. A.' hat and cloak
room is provided for. visitors and. the
management holds itself •' personally re
sponsible for- every checked article. An
ideal checking system for the; waiters
niakts overcharge impossible. .
Opening of Terrace Garden.
GLOVE MAKER'S SOX
IS QUICKLY : DIVORCED
Many a young woman with a $5000
education is glad to accept a $12-a
week Job.
Captain P. W. Harts, a retired mer
cJiant nn<) capitalist of Springfield,
II!.. iz visiting California with the
Templars. Captain Harts is the fath
er of W. W. Hurts, secretary of the de
bris commission of this State. He is
a retired army officer, having served
as judge advocate on General Lawlor's
psta? during the Civil War. He has
always been a Republican in politics
and has taken a prominent nart in the
successes of the psrty in Illinois.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3.— A snake hunt,
resulting In the capture of a seven
foot bull snake, was enjoyed by the
employes of . the Santa Clara Valley
Mill -and Lumber Company to-day, at
Fourth and Santa Clara streets. A
few weeks ago & snake trainer named
Kelley resided at a lodging-house near
the mill. He had a large number of
snakes and while he was in a hospital
recovering from the bite of a copper
head three of his reptiles escaped. They
were known to be in the lumber yards
and the men since then have/been :al
most afraid to handle the lumber. Be
sides the bull snake, a rattlesnake and
copperhead escaped. A few days ago
the rattlesnake was killed. Tracks of
the bull snake were found to-day and
the men hunted him down. The rep
tile was found between some lumber
and one of the more daring of the men
threw a rioose over its head. Then, by
means of sticks, the snake was put
into a box. It was more than seven
feet. long and three inches ln diameter
at the thickest place. The copperhead
is still at large.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept 3.— Officers
of the Canadian Pacific Railway Com
pany's steamship Tartar, which ar
rived to-day from Japan and China,
report a narrow escape from capture
by* the 'Vladivostok squadron- when
near Yokohama outward bdund from
Victoria last trip. t A fog* made' the
Tartar approach Yokohama under
slow bell and when the haze cleared
several Russian warships -were seen
at sea a few miles astern, where the
Tartar had Just ¦ passed. ¦ :v~~^'.
; The officers consider themselves
very fortunate, to have escaped a fate
similar, to that of the" Knight Com
mander, as the ship had on board a
good, deal of flour and other food
stuffs. • ¦*¦¦ •'
If any doubt on that score ever ex
isted It must have fled before the crowd
that filed into the magnificent theater
last evening, and it must have been
utterly -annihilated by the plaudits that
rewarded the . good work of the play
ers. Every* seat had an occupant and
every telling point -made on the stage
was followed by the hand-clapping
that goes like balm to the nerves of
both manager and mummer on an
opening night. Nor was the audience
of the kind that is predisposed to flat
ter. Socially speaking,. it was a hetero
geneous assemblage. While the boxes
contained costly raiment and jewels,
the remainder of the house was largely
filled by folk who were not there for
sartorial display, but to watch the per
formance and judge it on Its merits.
Applause from these folk means much.
"In the Palace of the King," built
upon the lines* of Marlon Crawford's
historical tale of. the same title,' wa.s
the bill and all the prominent people in
the cast .were : new to 8an Francisco.
The play's six acts are 'the coherent
unfolding of a Spanish sixteenth cen
tury romance in -which -the chief per
sonages are close to. the throne and the
narration .develops many Interesting
situations. ..The opportunities for scenic
and costumery effects are amply met,
some of the stage pictures being ex
tremely, impressive. Not the least
charming phase of the drama is Its
comparative lack . of- swashbuckling.
Whatever sword brandishing is done is
absolutely necessary to the conveyance
of the plot. :
Of ' the ' company, the feminine con
tingent won the first honors. The
women . are comely, . dress to display
their charms to the best" advantage,
read their, lines intelligently and- de
port -themselves congruously. -MIsb
Grace Reals, ; the leading lady, has a
splendid stage-, .presence, a voice of
musical, roundness', and. a perfect ac
quaintance with <the .technique: of. her.
art. Miss- Eleanor Gordon is also
With the handsomest and best equip
ped playhouse west of Chicago, a com
pany of actors that is admirably bal
anced on a high plane of -ability, a play
_that is strong in most of the elements
of dramatic worth and a public" that "is
ever prone to encourage legitimate
amusement enterprise, the management
of the Majestic certainly has no reason
for misgiving as to the outcome of its
venture.
Dennett had aroused Oakmah's dis
pleasure because he had betrayed the
secret of Oakman's clandestine mar
riage.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept, 3. — Bert
Oakman, for whom the police and
detectives of this section of Oregon
have been searching for a week past,
was captured to-day at a fish cannery
at Warrensville, about thirty miles
east of this city. Oakman had been
working .in ¦ the cannery since last
Monday, commencing work there two
days after he killed Frank Dennett at
Hillsboro. . .-*
Steamer Tartar Has Close
Call on Her Last Bun to
Yokohama From Victoria
Oregon Man Who Is Ac
cused of Murder Is Found
Working in Fish Cannery
Majestic Theater Opening
Introduces Capable Stock
Company in Strong Drama
San Jose Mill Hands En j oy
Hunt After Eeptile That
Escaped From Its Trainer
<"cli*brat«* Anniversary
The Sons of th« American Revolu
tion celebrated the anniversary of the
treaty of Paris at a banquet given at
the Occidental Hotel last night. Col
onel A. D. Cutler presided. An inter
esting: address was made by Dr. J. M.
Moss on 'The Tories During the Rev
olution." The other speakers were
Colonel J. C. Currier, Walter Pelham,
W. Ames. James T. Manley and L.
Clarke. E. Dennison. Alexander G.
Ellis and Louis Bartlett constituted
the committee in charge of the af
fair.
CAPTURE SNAKE
IN LUMBER YARD
GOOD ACTORS
IN CLEVER PLAY
FOG PREVENTS
HER CAPTURE
POLICE TRACE
THE FUGITIVE
"Resolved. That the Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs deplore
the fact that the differences existing
between certain departments of the
«ity government should have led to
the disfigurement of our principal
thoroughfare during the visit of fo
large a nvmber of welcome guests."
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs at a meeting last night
passed the following resolution:
The Board of Works yesterday
Issued orders that the street in front
of the Pheian building be barricaded
owing to the bad condition of the
pavement.
The Board of Works has been un
successful in its efforts to induce the
Board of Supervisors to appropriate
money out of the urgent necessity
fund to repair the pavement. The con
tractor for repairs refuses to do the
work, as it is a special pavement, not
included in his contract, and the
Works Board holds that it has been
crippled by the Supervisors, who not
only cut down their allowance, but
apportioned it for specific purposes.
Commissioners Schmitz and Mae
ptretti at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon superintended the barricading
of the block. Planks were laid, over
the alleged dangerous holes to pre
vent teaming traffic. They will not
stop progress of pedestrians when the
barricades ai* taken up for the pa
rades on Monday and Tuesday. Signs
tv ere put up at each end reading as
follows:
'•Notice to the Public — This street
is barricaded because the Board of
Supervisors in. its continuous effort to
injure the administration of Mayor
Schmitz hns refused to furnish the
necessary funds to repair this pave
ment. In its present state it is a con
stant menace to life and limb. The
following Supervisors are directly re
pponsible for this shameful condition:
Brandenstriii. Braunhart, - Booth.
Comte. Connor, Eggers, D'Ancona.
McCJellan. Pa rot. Rock and Hocks."
Owfns to Failnrc lo Repair Pavement
Main Thoroushfare Is
Barricaded.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
BLOCKS >L\RKET STREET
¦ Foster, in company with Lander
Foster, swam th,e stream and reached
the stranded party in safety. One by
one the men carried the young ladies
on their backs safely to shore. A
number of the campers are suffering
from the effects of exposure, but for
tunately they are not in a serious con
dition.
RENO. Sept. 3. — Miss Elsie Hunter,
Nettie Armstrong. Maud Harris, Ruth
Russell, Edna Booker and seven other
jrouns ladies, all of whom are resi
dents of Elko County, were rescued j
this morning from a perilous position |
on an island in the Humboldt River, j
The youns ladies were camping on the j
island, which is located nine miles .
from Elko in this State. Friday a4
terrific storm, similar to those that j
have been raging around Tonopah, i
came up and swept their tents and j
camping utensils away.
The terrific downpour caused the
river to rise to such an extent that all
chance of escape was cut off. In this
position and with only three umbrel
las to Ehelter them from the rain, the
dozen youn^ ladies spent the night on
the island. Their clothing was
drenched and torn and they suffered j
greatly from exposure. j
Some time after daylight this morn- j
ir.g Sidney Foster, a mining man of j
Mountain. .City, who knew the young
ladies were camping on the river, or- j
granized a rescue party at Elko and .
hastened to their assistance.
Spedtl Dispatch to Tie Call.
Wind Carries Away Their
Tents and the Eain Pours
Down on Them in Torrents
CAUGHT IN BIG STORM
Dozen Young Nevada Xadies
Spend Night of Terror on
Island in Humboldt Biver
FAIR CAMPERS
IN BAD PLIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1904.
46
g § x &a^<83&c®e^.®&^^ s o g
oggg iiwv IU tYcIIII •§8§3i
a *m o a ?• • o 5v o*
§ O. $> ' ** ** » vl 113 vl •> 111 . » S S «
||| NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL 1|I|
llli-- A bottle of Paul Bicger's Ills
1 1 1 1 ;' •* Cfioicc Extract of ?«»^ '.| 1 1 1
||| I CALffORNIA FLOWERS i||i|
llli The bottle we , will give FREE retails for 8 1 1 g
llli 40 cents. In addition, a special coupon will llii
o | « § accompany each bottle, which, under condi- < g 1 1 i
g 8 S § tions named in it, will entitle you, upon return- § § § |
||g| ing it to Pai/1 Rieger 5 Co., to a 25c bottlcol l|8§
1 1 1| their newcstperlumc, " SWEET MARGERY." ? 1 1|
1 8 g &&^&&&os&o^w^^ g g §
MALE'S. ' . i v. ; j : ,-,-.-'/ HALE'S. ' ¦' | ¦_;-- : ;- 7 ' HALE'S.-; •¦;-;•¦ I."-.' : HALE'S. •' I ' ' ' " ¦ HAiFS: : v I , .'¦¦-¦. HAUTS^__- ___
'. "To accommodate the thousands of visitors in San Francisco The Hale Store will remain open on Monday, Labor Day, except during the time of the parade.
Tuesday, the day of the Knights Templar parade, our store will remain closed all day. . ; '_
< >-r — : — : : — •¦'¦ : • . . - ' — : , .¦; '. ; . — -" " — ~~- ~ : ~~"^ — ; ; — ~~ — ~~~ " ¦ L~?
2200 Handkerchiefs TPl^ Qih^.TP^'- 200 Pieces Veiling
We'll Sell at 12 l Ac }\ ilil^&- ?Jl ll<Sllll^& IL^^J/Jl A great opportunity to buy and pay
[ill WM Welcomes Visiting Sir Knights and Ladies and All Visitors 25c Instead of 50c Yard
If you haven't thought of handkerchiefs, think, and *-' J^~ _^ . . ;. . it's every piece an exclusive importer had
of your future needs. -(-Q (J U j- (^ity. . . lcft aftcr fi n in g a iihi s orders. We were glad
Dainty Swiss handkerchiefs, with scalloped and hem- »- v -«^ »-•• -«-. *.j & V/^rlr Knv^r
stitched borders, many pretty blind stitch and open a j i *!,.,* vrm nnkr *h^ fr«»r<;t use of everv Maybe you will have some purcha*in& to. do to-mor- nODOaV Saw tnem DeiOrC Our i\e\V IOIR uujfci,
«fork designs. They were as great a saving to us as Ana . asKS ; "" > ou ma * e : - nc Irccsi U5C DI cvcry row. The store will be open all day. except during the r f .tA v >_.. v .:i: n< , a mCi^ wan t e H now
they are to you. convenience this store affords. time of the parade. . . . ... * or they re yeilingS-mOSt wantea J1OW.
— — — 7- — ; Ladles will find a comfortable restingr room, fitted with If you want ribbons, 'one of the most fortunate happen- ThJn v now manr pretty designs. 20<T pieces to choose
onnn Pnirs Kr nn easy chairs, sofas, writing materials, magazines and pa- ings we have been able to tell of takes place to-morrow. f r om liT black! white brown navy and blade and whtte
JOOO fail S jbl.OO pers, on the mezzanine floor. . if you want Souvenirs, a very complete line^ls being ' corablnattoni all seasonable styles Fan<Sy Tuxedo
IX »J d^t a. sir- A full-fledjred Postoffice in the store, where you may ob- - sliown on tables just Inside the door from chips of red- comWn attona. »» «^ s °^ Ie W" S a nd clustered dots.
Kid (llrtVe^ fit n^C tain stamps and money orders and mail your letters. wood bark made into pin cushions to souvenir view T^cy^vJdir^tlv^lZ^onmes^tBwithmotUCotted
IV IU VJ1UVC3 ai VFU^ a Hair-Dressin? Parlor, with one of the foremost experts books of San Francsico. from 25c to $1^0. iff.^C^eli iJtanH^air line^ effects
r^ n , e + , .. , Bl . . « Q ¦,., ¦ of the coimtry in charge. Mezzanine floor. Shampooing A siffht worth seeing is the 150 cotton plants that, came ; effects, Brussels net and hair lino* effects.
beCOndS, that S WIlV. JtJUt beCOndS many SOo and 75c. ¦ all the way from Louisiana, 2000 miles.
manufacturers would' put in with their "Firsts." _ , _ ; --^. " ~ : ' - --^ """ ; /-**** I net* Clirt a ItlC Is 1
Some have a blemish In the skin, others may be a little cut The SeaSOn S Greatest"; R1 W'r* Lr Oil/] V~<€kt^r r^T 5 1 Lr C UaCC VUrUIIIlb
ST^ e ei p rrt m to r 'L^^^^ Opportunity to Fuv D IdC IV dnU rallLy OlIIV> 8 patterns to choose from.
», every colour excep^ black. In black, sizes 5 H. 5^ , 4OC yard for IQ-inch Shirt Waist Silks. They have been selling splendidly. The higher prices they A UU A, !«„« ™A from SO to
Fine German lambskin gloves, two-clasp, in brown, red. j iave been marked were low. As good as. the best that have been sold special elsewhere at 45c. I hree ana a nail yaras long ana irorn 5 u iu
|an, mode and gray and white. Sizes 5^ to 7\$. All at Fancy Silks at 45c that* are splendid values at 75c. It's the last of a. big lot we were fortunate to buy 54 inches wide. Some splendid designs for the
cpr ' special and that sold splendidly at 55c. We have never sold it before at such a low price. 45c yard. bedroom dining or sitting room..
Snecial Music !8c Rare valucs in bcautif^, black si^f- . -.- ' : [i^H^^M^r on e«ruin. t Ma m u ,«
«^>|JC^Idl iYlUdlL tUt Xl-|ia Piirir'X/ 51+ Afir ' ' daintier patterns, more of them and In quantities t large
A.nd music VOU WOllld least exoect tO fitid un MClll^y . OIIIV> CLL *T\J±> enough to get better values than we have had before,
der full price* \ot "hits that were" but "hits Are 19 inches wide, in small hair line stripes, in red, brown, black and white, and jasper, the new color. If you need curtains. .•« these at $1.50 to-morrow; either
Find them in the second floor music store. Fancy Silks. 45c yard | Black Taffeta, 35c £&£ j£V%VJ~ £SiL* Sample Portieres:
"Maybe." by Stern. Splendid 75c values. Black Taffeta, /jC can get to sell at $1.00. If you want black 52..OO onesfor $1.25, $2.25 °n« f O f $1-45. $ 2 -5<>
"Gondolier." two-step. A splendid variety: new e hades# of . Bo th 24 Inches wldeT ~ peau de so e se. tms :
"Under the Anheuser Bush." Von Tilzer. brown, blue, green, jasper, red. black and Bo , h f\ nf) g0 f t , lustrous finish, with a • IS aCK Pcau dC OOIC, JJOC . '" • •
"Romany Rye." two-step. Paull's latest. while; clianReable effects; not only stripes. loud rustle. The 35c silk is equal to any It's 24 inches wide. Compare it with They're the single portieres that have been used by
——————— but small figures and dots. A prettier silk 50c taffeta we have seen, and the 45c one most $1.25 qualities. A «oft chiffon finish. traveling men for one of the largest New York
jr , r , than we have ever seen before at 45c yard. surpasses many 75c qualities. | a lovely heavy-quality. ¦ ... houses. In splendid condition, not soiled. The v^ry
If you live cut of town send us your name so we can When you want silks we want you to buy them at Hale's. But we want you to do it because you know * or 50 Ynches wfdl OV R«if
sendynu our New Fall Catalogue. It is nearly you can ge t better here and pay less. We are proving ourselves this week. Increasing our acquaintance. greens. " dainty armure and ottoman weave* Many
ready. It may help you to valuable savings. These values are our acquaintance makers. magnificent effects among: them.
Ribbons: Factory Remnants Ne^ag^ uits Pyrography: Best News "
New brown : linen bids fair to Wanted Kinds at -Average Half. . '" " .... ".. : To add to this splendid fall show- We have ever printed. First news for fall.
They're the very ribbons we bought in bolts for regular style.on the secomi floo^ The steady striking growth of this wood burnmg depart-
pieces.: ih one o? " the prettiest stock> t g c ri bbons most in demand now." We were fortunate in In Jackets e S& .? n ew p^^l! m ,ent, its instant and continued success and popularity, has had
and most serviceable effects any ... ,, , . . t • «^j o 1 TU*.,, o^« .-irvf in brown -and black; either tight or loose its result.
season has brought out Here it getting the last two to SIX yards Oft the loom. I hey are not in nttlnsr. Swell tourist coats in mixed t- • »f. nn : t - a v - ar n 1H ve >t ,> Je hivvrr *U<irtK*r and
Pgg br ° UgIU ° m - . folU. E They're just tied up in bundles, but are the same ribbons ||g, '^ Tp'a'rtmen't hat 'vee born yeS ago SUong" r
Brown Linene Center Pieces at 19c— VOU 11 buy from bolts and pav, on the average, twice as much for. I -i x cr, ,:.«.,. The variety is endless. f\ f. . . , ., J .9 ®
20 in., tinted in floral designs, if } y . - r i. * n Here is the long coat now than ever. For the past two weeks the receiving room has
S?" u n , e^ n c i en it r h p rrt« 8 'hl» If y- ou . w * nt ribbons . f ° r b ? ws or belts or for conclave use, share these reaching to the -knees the jacket ef- been crowded with all sorts of things to burn, already stamped.
them, linisliod pieces here to show and share one ofthe biggest bargains we ever had. - - - feet, the blouse. But as pretty a suit _„ . . . , . , , J P . V»- l • t.
you how pretty they are when com- _, , it . , , ,, • u li - - r ' ' / r - 4 l ' -uu as we have seen is the "New Parsifal." I OU thought Values were unusual last Tear. Bigger buying has
plete. They're all in four lots, all out on the tables in front of . the ribbon half blouse , half coat> wUh fanc . vcst . , , »¦ „ ,- . _ rj .. t _ r SZtffa, t.^L^, f rr ±
Tinted pmow Tops, 22c— with backs. counter to-morrow morning. : . You ' will " find exoressions of all , . mor P e thlS * , S^ eater a "et> to choose trom.
new norai designs. * , , ' that \l i™ 3 ,ii !&?£ ™™i v« ! Join our free pyrography classes. But let's look at some of the
50c Pillow Top., 20c— They're lltho- Lot I— At 25c yard: Lot 3, at I2^C yard: th .^ ' s n J e^ and a that \f sood. You hi M{ £ h third floor to -morrow morning. We will
g^fe 1 ! ou, « f L ggg|i a&g^, if -- .„, -n I^H Ei? WiiB it ncver s " n so much before - We knov " you
Hales 6 and 6 ln. wide. Finer In- qual- inches wide- blue pink cardinal, visit to come and see surprised to nna
Plc« Pillows. 15c— 16 in. snuare: 22c, lty than these full prices will white? «ea%, , brown. black^Fac- visit to come and^see. Platinum Points at 75C
JS in.: 29c, 20 in.; 37c, 22 in.; 4ae, usually buy; in tan. brown, pink. tory. remnant' price. -12% c. _. _ - ¦ ' ... . r l * lLIIIUI . 11 f vl "*^ . dL ' °\ . 2^_ .
24 in.; 43c, 26 in , light blue, navy, cardinal, white T ,- The New Jewelry You will be more surprised to find how good they are. They re
iows e th a ? S Lk P th P CO n? ac °i ?S down and cream. SSo 7 0. Becau.. they Lot 4, at 15c yard: . . . tested. Other points at $1.10, $1.25, $1-35, and at $1.65 a point you
so well the place of down ftre f ac tory remnant.. .One of- the best bargains of them IS pretty and not expensive. can't better for $3.00 elsewhere.
1^ Lot 2-At I6C yard; fk ' in^S* Ve? 6 B ri ri b Kt"^e\ g Take these new brooches with Amateur^Stata.eoc for six-bottle set. r^ Wg-.^jUl lined ! «.2 &
4" A No. 50 satin ribbon. 3% in. wide. $ S^'cartffifi SSS' lilac^and"?^ SSSgK* ld SZ** 1 *?/ Jl SJ "^'JR? °° I * ="""' "^ ™ nk ° f , V" 00 , $3 , 35 «->«^ '
Sd^nSllplfl SS^SS^B U^bb°o r n a^wo^n n wrnt r^ tfc^loS? yOU Jffi mSttStfiZXtt * 3S^ ""
M the Free Embroid- |ig^^S^P O^ted^WorTh d .B* « ®f| lli^B
ery classes. An expert teacher nants. sard - Bat Pin., aSc— Rhinestone hat pins that Book Backs. 25c to 85c. V&sas, from 25c to $1.45.
will show vou how to do all the ' arc the very newest and creating such Hair^ Brushes, 85c; good ones. In- Pin trays, sliding card boxes, paddles,
win snow >ou now 10 go an me 4-^ A f\ ' a stir in New York. fants' hair brushes at 50c; hat stamp boxes, trinket stands, card
new work free^ L£ 1 ex ** r* \-% f± f\ /L\J C '' brushes at 40c; bristles are firm- receivers. match safes. trays.
JLIlVvl^llvU «^AlWvtt3t T^XW __, —-. ly put in. They are stamped all bowls. paper cutters, numerous
fZ&JETfiW' *5m T * n CV — r^/sf^Jm ON ®^j^"¥ rea <ly to be burned, as are all these other things, at 15c, 20c and 25c
f^7/^/ J&"& $/ J$%£&^&€3. ' " ' siaSl&L lwb& $l£i3? dObsP Boxes, splendidly finished. 16 new A larpe assortment of plain stamped
/ffl ¦3$/ ktb& &&** <™£~3B Jt's les? than you would pay for the sheeting by the yard. It's less than /&/ /m «p*»** r % * ie^ vafc*-^p-ss*" .stylos, from 23c up to $5e. . and carved plaques. r*ncls and
#Z-^gS&> <*»*»* J^^ we can ° r d'^"ly "11 the sheets for. If you need new sheets see these. 49c M^^^o^^^ °^nfS. *&£ ith 1OCk a " d keJ% metal Srt «S»ilf S-'Vs^Sch 1 th " e 8lZe9>
• M TTcT'f^r W MU SaS'» SS75S^ e .y™i d o e uffSB i e f m they t8 we O re SSf.^m M Ir" ? Q* t M , QiVh Lea ;" tO SSSi^i "^ J™ ° W " ChriS - tma5 «? ?°™ to-™'-
Market Street,. Near Sixth. wont be able to tell of them again. 14c. Market Street. Near Sixth row and see what handsome things you can give and for how; little.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dresser Trunk
A marvel of convenience at
a reasonable price.
Don't fail to call and see
our splendid line of Trunks,
Bags and Dress Suit Cases.
The most complete and up-to-
date stock in the market.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.