SAN FRANCISCO, ¦ THURSDAY,; SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
HIGGINS APPEARS
CERTAIN TO HEAD
NEW YORK TICKET
Continued i to,. Pace . 2, . Column \ 3.
Continued on Page 3,' Column 3.
Prince Herbert's Suffering Is -Intense
and Patient's Extreme Weakness
Causes Greatest Anxiety.
FRIEDRICHSRUHE, Sept. 14.—
Prince Herbert Bismarck wai : to-day
suffering great^paln, which was being
alleviated by. morphine. injections..
The extreme 7. weakness „• of i. Prince
Bismarck is . causing the greatest
anxiety, among! those who do / not even
accepts the 'cancer; diagnosis 'and who
on that ground held out hope of the
patient's "recovery.. - ' - y*i
VIENNA, Sept. 14.— During military
ballooning exercises at St. Hulweiss
fcers to-day, a sudden puff of wind lift
ed a. balloon with a number of soldiers
hanging to the ropes. ;-., Eight- of the
soldiers were hurled . against a rock
End two of them were killed and six
were fatal ly injured. The balloon ' dis
appeared. • :
By Premature Ascension Two Soldiers
Are Killed and Six Are
Fatally Hurt.'
DEATH RESULTS FROM.
ACCIDENT. TO BALLOON
PEARY IS PREPARING
>: FOR : NEW EXPEDITION
Daring. Explorer Will Again Make an
Attempt to Find the North
- Pole.
* : \NEW.< YORK,; Sept. 14.— Commander,
R.'; E.', Peary, the' "Arctic explorer,:; anf
riouriced to-nlglit "aVcontract fha'd
been »* signed , fpr,^ a 1 ] new:, Arctici : ship
which : he j. Is '¦¦ to use \ in i another 'attempt
to -find / the North .Pole, " and (he 'expects
to start north i again, next 'summer.^ 1 j-i
Sixteen Battalions of Reserves Mobil
ized for Purpose of Pnttinffpovm
Revolt' in European Turkey. \
SALONICA, European Turkey, , Sept.
14.— -Sixteen* battalions of local: militia
have been ordered . to , mobilize , In . the
districts of - Kilkish, Seres \ anfl' Berat.'
These will be dispatched ; to, I»rizreri to
suppress; the insurgent Albanians. 'A
Salonica battalion i left here . for t Prlz
renUo-dayJ * ; ' ."/; : , /•
- The v Albanians are . again revolting
arid are demanding acceptance of their
demands in full. > . * v . ; :
MORPHINE ; IS USED TO
EASE BISMARCK'S PAIN
DYNAMITE BOMB CAUSES
I- PANIC IN BARCELONA
Five Anarchists Arrested In Spanish
. City on; Suspicion of Responsi
- bility for^ Explosions. "¦
BARCELONA, : Spain, Sept. 14. — A
dynamite bomb .was exploded- last
night before "the gate' of .St. Joseph's
Orphanage.}. It- Injured nobody, but
caused . a ; panic among the inmates
and'pasers by. «., Five anarchists are
detained in *^6n suspicion - of
being • concerned in , this -, and in the
recent bomb "explosion f at- ; the Law
Courts. ; "¦ "'ffl^jHfflHIfflBWBBMBM
SALONICA MILITIA SENT -
TO SUPPRESS" ALBANIANS
TO OPPOSE MORMONISM.
Organization ; of ; New ? American i Party
Effected at Salt LakeCity.
lH: SALT. LAKE "CITY; .Utah, .' Sept. . 1 4.
Permanent- organization . the " New
American * party, .' whose fayowed pur
pose is to oppose the alleged interfer
ence : of the' Mormon church -in poli
tics, i was ; effected lati'a 1 mass meeting
4n<the: Grand .Theater -to-night. ; The
meeting > was ; : largely attended -by ; men
of. all " political -beliefs. , IA t State cen
tral committee = of . i flv«- members was
appointed -and* was* authorized -to •ap
point "otherTconimittees * to conduct
the, campaign" in .the §tate ,and,to.call
a ' mass convention; for the purpose of
nominating a-' member > - of Congress
and afcomDlete, StateHicket.',-No:nomI
natiorisj for .Presidential) electors .will
be'made.'v., 1 . „ f f #- ~ : • ¦< - -¦ .
r .;'An\ong . the* speakers ; at • to-night's
meeting ;was ' Senator Fred i Dubpla v of
Chlcnco and Milwaukee to Have Two
31iles a Minute Parcel Service
Throush Pneumatic Tube..
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— A pneumatic
tube eighteen inches In diameter be
tween Chicago and Milwaukee, that
will transport packages and mall be
tween the two cities in forty minutes,
at the rate of more than two miles a
minute and give a lightning express
service to all the towns along the- route,
is proposed by a concern which has in
stalled pneumatic tube systems in some
of the largest Chicago business houses.
The con of the line Is placed at'
$5,000,000. The distance is about eighty
four miles.
Rear Admiral .Walker Announces In
tentions of Panama Canal Commis
sion—He Expects Ko Trouble.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. — Rear Ad
miral Walker, the head of the Panama
Commission, declared to-day on hl«
arrival from- Colon . that the United
States intended to .keep open. the two
'ports In the canal zone In spite of any
protests which might be made by the
Panama Government. He added, that
he did not, expect, any trouble over
the making of'Ancon (on the Panama
side of the isthmus), and Crlstobol
(near Colon) free ports of entry.
Aged Bohemian in Chicago Fires Rifle
Into Crowd of Youngsters and
Narrowly Escapes Lynching©
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— To put toTUght
a crowd of boys and girls who had
been annoying him, Albert Marek, an
aged Bohemian, leveled a small rifle
at them and pulled the trigger. At the
report of the rifle David Durham, 10
years old. fell with a bullet wound in
his right temple. His death occurred
soon afterward."- r ¦ - •
•The shooting occurred in front of the
home of Marek, who is • 64 : years old.
Afterward-he had to barricade himself
In , his home until ; the • arrival of the
police to escape the e wrath of neighbors.
UNCLE SAM TO KEEP PORTS
OPEN DESPITE ALL PROTESTS
WILL TRANSPORT PACKAGES ;
WITH LIGHTNING SPEED
KILLS SMALL ' TiOX^ WHO
HAD BEEN TEASING HIM
SOUVENIR DOLLARS FOR.
;\; TWICE' THEIR VALUE
First Installment . of Gold Coins for
Lewis and Clark Exposition Re- .
. . ccived.nt Portland.-
..PORTLAND, Sept. 1 4.— The first
$25,000 gold souvenir dollars. for the
Luwls and Clark Exposition has been
received C by the .First National; Bank
of this citv. from" the Government. Mint
at Philadelphia.- The coins are a trifle
smaller: than a, dime. '¦ Each is "in
scribed on 'one side " with the legend
'.'Lewis- and Clark'^ Exposition," .while
on the other side appears the words
"United [States-^One Dollar."
T'.The' installment is the. first Issuance
of the ': $250,000 "gold coin appropria
tion - allowed .by ; the Government in
accordance with the terms of . the
I>wis and, Clark appropriation bill.
Each coin, will" be 'sold for $2"ana to
the: purchaser of five an additional one
will be ; presented. The exposition
management ; is ? confident of : a large
sale of the unusual; souvenirs.
BODY OF MISSING WOMAN
FOUND FliOATING IN, TRUNK
Corpse of Mrs. Inez Smith Recovered
at Cleveland Proves She Was :
Murdered.-. '„
CLEVELAND, O-.VSept • 14.— The
body of a young -woman was 'found
to-day, crowded Into a : trunk,' whigh
was picked ' up Jn the, water' under a
coal- dock on the lake front. , The body
was identified as* that of. Mrs.- Inez
Smith of Cleveland. The woman disap
peared on September 6. \ •- . . .'
That she was murdered and her body
placed- in - the ' trunk and thrown into
the river \is certain, the' police, say."
Some time ago the woman applied for
a divorce, alleging that her husband,
Samuel Smith,, had another ,wife liv
ln, whom.he married in 1892..- „ '.;¦•'
Before her marriage to Samuel. Smith
the dead woman's name was Inez Hall,'
and she lived in' Zanesville, O. The
Smiths ; had lived in ' Cleveland about
five years.'but recently had not- been
living- together.' - ¦ • • - <
FAIL§ TO FIND TRACE
k • OF THE' CONEMAUGH
Cruiser Tacoma Abandons the Search
for the 3Iissins St<§lxn
shlp.
WASHINGTON. Sept 14.— The
ICavy Department is Informed that
the cruiser Tacoma, commanded by
Commander R. B- Nicholson, arrived
et Rio de Janeiro yesterday, having
cruised from San Francisco down the
west coast of South America and
around the Brazilian port in search
of the missing - merchantman Cone
maugh, which has not been heard
from since her departure from a
Chilean nort several months ago. The
Tacoma failed to find any trace of the
missing steamship and has practically
abandoned the search.
Special Despatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Sept. 14.— Miss Kittle
Bard, daughter of Senator Bard, ha'd
a narrow escape from drowning to-day
at Hupneme. This is the second time
this summer the young lady has all
but lost her life. -
.Mies Bard was -bathing In the surf
and being a strong swimmer ventured
too far out. The undertow and current
were too much for her and,/ struggle
as she would, she could make' no head
way inshore. She J finally became ex
hausted and pave up the struggle.
Her friends saw her danger and be
gan calling for help. James Demp
sey, a young man present, hastened to
her in a boat and reached her Just In
time. She was brought ashore and re
vived. It is only a' few weeks since
Miss Kittle had a similar narrow es
cape from drowning in" the' surf at
Santa' Barbara while bathing.
Special Dispatch to The Call
j PORTLAND. Sept. 14.— Smoke hung
so dense over Portland to-day that
objects two blocks distant were barely
discernible. Forest fires are raging in
a fdossen places within twenty, miles
of the city and there is not a breath
of wind. :.,',,. -
• Rain is prayed . for, but there are no
indications' that any .wIH'fall within the
next, few hours. , Meanwhile "the dis
comfort arising from the heavy atmos
phere increases.
The fires around Holbrook, thirteen
miles away, are: this evening burning
almost unchecked. On the Kirk-Hoo
ver property- $3000 worth of wood -and
flume was ¦ destroyed- last night^ and'
to-day. Back of Vancouver, Washing
ton, twelve miles distant, a number
of homes are menaced.
Soldiers from .Vancouver. Barracks
have been called out to watch the fires.
Men and :'. women -have been working
side by side , to save ; their homes. Every
tree arid bush' is 1 ' dry as 'a bone' and
are- quickly - lighted by the smallest
epark. Near the Clackmas River, a
number 'of blazes are being fought by
determined home owners. ;¦>..
Miss Kittle Bard Is
Rescued Prom
Drowning,
SMOKY TOWN
IS PORTLAND
3ICGEOGHEGAN SHIFTS
THE BLAME TO TAAFFE
Accused Ex -Treasurer of San' Jose
Makes a Dramatic Declaration
of His Innocence;. ,
SAN JOSE, Sept. 14— There was a
dramatic scene in the trial of ex-City
Treasurer Thomas J. McGeoghegan
this forenoon when the defendant call
ed upon his God to witness that he had
never taken a cent of the $9823 that is
missing from the city . treasury. He
also tried to shift the responsibility
onto the shouldsrjj/of William F. Taaf
fe. a cousin, and who acted as a depu
ty fon some time in the office. When
asked if he had ever appropriated any
of the money in the treasury McGeogh
egan replied: "As God is my Judge, , I
never touched a nickel out of that safe,
and I never permitted any human be
ing to take a cent with my knowledge.
I do not know of my own knowledge
that any money was taken." McGeogh
egan also testified that he had been
ill during part of January and Febru
ary and that William F. Taaffe had
had charge of the office. I The" office
had become sadly muddled and he
mentioned the - matter to Taaffe one
evening in the middle of February. At
that time Taaffe was under the influ
ence of liquor and he said that he .was
going away and if there should be any
shortage of the cash- he would get the
money from San Francisco and make
the amount good. ¦ r < -
J. J. Zingg, a locksmith, testified
that 'he had made a key to the vault
for William Taffe. Jack Carroll, a
cousin of Taaffe's, was present when
Taaffe paid for the key.
DAUGHTER
OF SENATOR
IN DANGER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• NEWPORT, Sept. 14.— Asserting that
she had been robbed by one of her
servants • Mrs. Hermann -Oe'lfichs hur-.
rled to the police station in : her auto
mobile early this morning* to make a
complaint. . Several ..men with, whom
Mrs. Oelrichs trades and several clerks
were summoned and all were closeted
with Chief of Police Richards, for half
an hour. When the cpnference ended
the Chief said that as the affair was
one in which .no arrests will be made
he could give out no .information: . .
' Mrs. Oelrichs said .she had been made,
the victim of a systematic '.scheme; of
robbery conducted by servants for sev-;
eral weeks. It was the' practice of the
servants, she asserted, when giving an
order for household" supplies, to order
extra provisions, j which were turned
over to another employe.
Mrs. Oelrichs thought others were
engaged in the theft, but she made this
charge the' only one against two ser- !
vants.. It is said that Mrs. Oelrichs
made the discovery when looking 'over
her, bills for August. ' She summoned
the servants whom she believed 'were
concerned and then hastened from one
tradesman to another in an effort to
get at the precise details of the allesed
robbery. She soon had all the infor
mation she required .and returned to
Rose Cliff and confronted the servants.
Mrs. Oelrichs' cook "was 'discharged to
day and left for New York. •¦ The gar
dener at'Rose Cliff was also dismissed
to-day. - : • ' • '-. - ;
'• The extent "of the alleged robbery
was not learned, - but • Mrs. Oelricha
says that 'vegetables, flshi and . meat
have been wrongfully ordered by her
servants. " >. ~ * -• • - «¦ ••-:¦•
WOMAN CAUSES SENSATION
AT CINCINNATI WEDDING
Hushes Into Church With Baby hi
Arms and Orders Priest to Stop
the Ceremony.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 14.— A apnsa
tlontl scene was enacted to-day at St.
John's Catholic Church during the
wedding of F. Kuhlman to Miss
Emma Gruppenhof. The church was
crowded with many friends and rela
tives of the couple end the ceremony
was about half completed when a
good looking young woman, carrying
a baby in her arms, dashed through
the ciitfrch doors ran wildly to
ward the altar with her babe out
stretched in her arms. Ehouting to the
priest to stop the ceremony. The con
gregration was panic stricken in a mo
ment and intense (excitement pre
vailed. Two of the ushers at the wed
ding arrested the woman in her flight
toward the altar and led her from the
church. The ceremony proceeded,
though the excitement among those
present did not abate. The young
woman claims that Kuhlman prom
ised to marry hf>r.
-RIVALS i FOR> THE-* REPUBLICAN
. ; NOMINATION * FOR - GOVERNOR
. OFTNETV-iTORK. . -
.SARATOGA, N. Y.. Sept. 14.— There
was every reason to believe late to
ntjrht-that" the_ following ticket . chosen
by • the^Higgins' supporters/ would ; be
nominated vto-morrbw^ by the Republi
can • State - Convention : i . ¦•"-'¦
Governor — Frank W. Higgins of
Cattaraugus.
Lieutenant Governor— M. Linn Bruce.
i Secretary of State — John F. O'Brien.
Attorney " General— Julius M. Mayer.
., State Treasurer— John .• D. Wallen
meier. ' .¦ • >
¦ : State Engineer and Surveyor— Henry
A. Van Alstyne. - . • •
.Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals —
Edgar M.-Ciilien.
¦ Associate Judge of the Court of Ap
peals—William E.
Although there is. no assurance that
this ticket can be nominated without a
roll call the ajr was" still full'of ru
mors late.^to-night; that, a settlement
may- be- recahed and (the unanimous'
nomination V of Lieutenant Governor
Higgins • accomplished on the first bal
lot, -.;*: .-,;,; >
'At 11:30 o'clock Woodruff came from
his headauarters "after .a protracted,
conference with friends and said:
."Mynahie will go before the conven
tionto-morrow.".
.• Replying : ,to ; an inquiry as to - the.
number, of votes he. would have, .Wood
ruf^sald:.," .-¦ , / . :
'"Iidprft'.know. ' That does not have
much to do with the' matter." anyway.";
; Neither side .to-night' is' "willing to
yield the'slightest point to the advan
tage of the other. The friends of
Woodruff insist that there isno ground
for'.hgping; that any me'ans likely to
be adopted . can . avoid an open conflict'
upon' the "floor, of the. convention . to
morrow. 7 Governor' Odell was asked to
nighf.whether; any" concessions were
likely/, ".-':.".'¦,'. ¦- . '.,>, •. ; 4| ; ;
*"."Not/fron\jour side," 'lie said.
/^...Woodruff , said, practically f the." same
thing, and V Senator . Platt /'¦ expressed
himself . as equally determined,' and, at
an early hour retired for, the night." .
"-,: To-day's session . of j the convention
was^wltbout signiflcance.'so far as the
Higgins-Woodruff . controversy is, cop
cerned, ;irivblving only the preliminary
organization of the 'convention .There
was no test of the strength of the two
sides. .."•'. :/ \, ',.' ,,'¦¦-.¦¦•.•".¦-. '"."',:
The conference which resulted In the
completion of .the ' Higgins ticket was
attended Ej by about . twenty-five- men,
but none of the .Woodruff or. Platt men
were present. The selection of M. Linn
Bruce : was something. of,;^a.' surprise,
after the. naming. of. Julius M. Mayei
last evening for Attorney General, as it
gives New- York County. two places on
the State'.ticket. ; ., 1 - : \ : . ;. ,,
:. "At* midnight there was no change in
the situation. Senator Platt and Woodf
ruff' had retired for the night arid,Gov T
ernor, Odell said there, would be no furj
ther "conference * to-night.'
MMOelriclis InvoM
;; ; ¦, tlie^iW the
Police.
State Surveyor/ General \ Says „ There
Is Considerable; Demand for
i>-: ? -v School Landa^r
SACRAMENTO,; Sept:^14.— In his.
report^* to 'the" Gpy^raor^yict6r.^ : .Sm
Wobfis^State" Surv^yor^General,, stated
that . the grant .cf 500,000 acres tfor"
internal, improvements has been com 1 :,
plctely disposed of and that the only
lands remaining to be disposed of are
the sixteenth. and thirty-sixth sections
and lands in .lieu thereof, the swamp,
overflowed and tide , lands and jjjj the
lands uncovered by the recession of
waters of inland lakes..
The report states that; there is. a
considerable increase , in the demand
for State 'school land and this is espe
cially noticeable in the semi-arid
lands, where" either Government or
private irrigation projects 'are ¦ -con
templated. : " .,: .
Platt and Odell
pail to Com*
||||| promise.
TWO SECTIONS LEFT . . \
; ' . OUT OFV BIG .GRANT,
CLAIMS HER
SERVANTS
ROBBED HER
DUTIES ARE GREAT, BUT
POWERS ARE LIMITED
SecrcMiry of State Board of Health
Makes Complaint in Report to
the Governor.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 14.— Dr. E. K.
Foster, secretary of the State Board of
Health, in his official report to the Gov
ernor, makes complaint that the law
imposes important duties on the board,
but bestows very little power. The re
port states after relating the section of
law which outlines the duties 'of the
State Board of Health that the act
gives the board a- broad field of inves
tigation and work, with but little
power to make its work, effective, since
it do*s not- oblige local Boards of
Health to answer questions -made by
the State Board; does not allow the en
forcement .of, proper measures 'to pro
tect life and health; gives no' means
for eradicating causes of disease 'and
epidemics or for dissemination inform
ation to the people, other than through
the good nature of the public press.
The report says, that the public will
heedlessly, neglect all sanitary precau
tions. . use. .water polluted with wash
ings of barn yards and houses; .allow
children sick •' with, contagious diseases
to associate with the well; tolerate
school house with poor light and worse
ventilation, and if an effort be made
by the authorities to suppress an epi
demic of , contagious disease people are
up in arms because of cost or trouble.
But let glanders attack the horse or
Texas fever break out among the cat
tle, and. the whole community is alive>
to the danger. A direct pecuniary loss
stares them in the face.
AMKRICAN CONSULAR OFFICER
WHO HAS BEEN REMOVED BY
THE PRESIDENT.
NEW YORK,' Sept} 14.— A summons
and complaint and a. note of issue have
been .filed -.in -the office, of the Clerk of
the Supreme Court Of Nassau ¦ County
at"Minebla',.Li X, in a sult_brought by.
Mrs." Ida*- E. _ Wood, * widow "^ of ' Fer
nando Wood, former ¦ Mayor of .New
York City,: to recover. $225,000 .damages.
The suit.is brought against the Com
monwealth Trust Company, . formerly
the Trust Company \6t America; its
directors, amoHg whom are Stuyvesant
Fish, George,C..Boldt,_ Perry JBelmont
and George Gould," arid the 'Mercantile
Trust Comnany arid John J. McCook.
The suit is /based ..on alleged -fraud
and deceit, which' Mrs., Wood claimed
was practiced ' upon ".her by inducing
her to purchase 200 of [the "first mort
gage bonds of r the;; United States Ship
Building Company-; through'. ' alleged
false prospectuses. .;. '„¦•..': .
Cpeelal Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— S. F. Edge is de
lighted to hear that M. Charley offers
a prize of 510,000 for the first motor
boat to cross the Atlantic, because in
March next he will be sending one
across to New Tork. Edge, in an In
terview, said:
"It falls in admirably with my plans.
I have for some time had under con
struction for a wealthy American a
craiEing mcrtor boat, and one of the
terms of the contract is that she shall
cross the Atlantic, tcr be delivered in s
N*"v.- York on her own keel. 1 expect
the will be ready in March, eo that I
ou?:ht to stand a good chance of win
ning the prize."
AEked what was the size of the boat
he was building, Edge replied:
"She will be sixty-five feet long and
will carry six passengers and a crew of
two men. That seems a small crew,
but everything ought to be automatic
and once the engine is started the crew
ought to have little to do.
"We have been instructed to do the
beEt we can, regardless of price, and
the boat therefore will be very lux
urious. She will have 200 horse-power
«!Sines: in reality she will have more,
bf^ause there will be two engines on
*ach *ldj? of 150 horse-power apiec* and
a center one of 40 hor6e-power. ¦-•
"But the fmall engine is for use in
cruising at a slow pace and coming
alongside, where big power could not
be handily and economically used. The
40 hors*-power engine may be used
with others when the boat is traveling
at speed, but we do not look to it for
much assistance."
Captain Berlinsky and Consul Ko
sakeiitch have evidently come to the
conclusion that there Is no hope of
the auxiliary cruiser Lena's leaving
the port of San Francisco until the
war Is over In the Orient. They sent
a communication to Collector of the
Port F. S. Stratton yesterday asklnsr
what would be required by the United
States Government as to dismantling
of the ship should that be the conclu
sion, they put it, of the present nego
tiations.
The Russian officials evince much
concern as to the fate in store for the
Lena hi the disarmament process.
They arc anxious about what the re
quirements will be and Indicate that
they have given up the effort to have
the vessel refitted with boilers in this
neutral port and allowed to proceed
again to the scene of conflict.
It is believed that the communica
tion addressed to Collector Stratton
was authorized hi instructions from
St. Petersburg. The Collector at once
forwarded it to- Washington and will
make no answer until he is advised by
his superiors.
Russian Consul Kosakevitch went
to.Vallejo yesterday afternoon to In
spect the dock at Mare Island navy
yard. This is taken as preliminary to
acceptance of a proposal to pnt the
Lena out of service at the Govern
ment yard. . •« .
The letter to Collector Stratton was
lengthy and made request for a specific
statement of all the details connected
with dismantling of a ship according
to the requirements of the United
States in such cases. Questions were
put as to whether the vessel's guns
would be taken from their positions on
the Lena's decks, whether the ship
itself would be in any way disabled,
whether the engines would be discon
nected and parts removed, whether the
ammunition would be removed; in
short, precisely what would be done to
place the war vessel on a dismantled
basis, in event that course should be 1
adopted. . I
The communication bore chiefly on 1
this subject of dismantlement. Collec
tor Stratton refused to discuss the let
ter, saying it would be referred to the
proper authorities at Washington in
the due course of business connected
with the Lena Incident.
WAITING FOR INSTRUCTIONS.
It is understood in official circles that
the Russian .captain is unwillin- at
this time to consent to dismantlement
owing to the non-receipt of specific in
structions from St. Petersburg, for
which request by cable ha3 been sent.
Pending such advices the local repre
sentatives have been apparently in
structed to ascertain what is involved
in the probable dismantling of the
Lena.
On this subject the United States
Government officials, speaking from
general knowledge of the law, say that
the Lena would, if dismantled. b<» re
lieved of all of the gus. ammunition or
other war material, that her engines
would be so treated as to be rendered
unserviceable, and that she would bo
literally placed out of commission until
the ned of the war.
That this will ultimately occur, the
highest Government officials who have
to deal directly with the situation ex
press not the least doubt. In those
circles the expression, unofficial of
course at this ttm*. Is unanimous that
the Lena will be dismantled as soon as
the course of Governmental Inquiry haa
been completed.
The departments of State, of ths
Treasury and of Commerce and Labor
at Washington have been advised that
the re-examination of the Lena, which
has been ordered, is under way.
It was pointed out yesterday that the
Lena might with hasty repairs get
away in thirty days' and by the use of
an enormous quantity of coal run from
six to eight knots an hour and per
haps reach a home" port by frequent
replenishing of her coal supply. This
is not "seaworthy," as contemplated by
the law.
BUNKERS ARE ALMOST EMPTY.
Captain Berllnsky's reported state
ment that he was well supplied with
coal is discredited. It is known in
United States Government circles that
the Lena has in her bunkers only 250
tons of. coal. It is estimated that this
would serve the ship for not more than
two days' run.
With this Knowledge gained another
question arises in officialdom, and that
bears upon the matter of a supply of
fuel. Under the code of nations the
Lena would be entitled, were the Rus
sians permitted to repair, to take
enough coal to carry htr to the nearest
home pott. That this would demand
certain official requests on the part of
Captain Berllnsky goes without saying.
Officiate therefore wonder why It was
represented that the Lena did have an
ample coal supply.
Bearing upon the length of time that
must elapse before final decision shall
be made -In the case, the Inspectors
will require about three days to make
further examination of the engines and
boilers. To the latter,' hydrostatic tests
must be applied for ? final and definite
decision aa to their condition.
Since the Lena. incident has become
a naval affair the Washington author-
Vessel Is to Be Sixty-Five Feet Long
and Carry a Crew of Two
Men.
"Only 250 Tons of Coal in Cruiser'3
Bunkers, 1 hough Claims Were
Made of Ample Supply.
$250,0^0 Through- False
" ' Prospectuses. •
Claims to Hafce Been Led to Invest
Will Attempt Voyage With
Craft Being Built for an
American.
Widow of a Former Mayor
; oi;New,York ; City Al
v leges /Fraud.;
Russian Commander Awaits
Instructions as to tlie
Lena's Case.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Sept. .14.—Rob
ert M. McWade, American Consul-Gen
eral at Canton, China, has been re
moved from office by President Roose
velt. Charges made against him re
cently were investigated by | Assistant
Secretary Pierce, who went to the
Orient to make an investigation of sev
eral of the United States consulates in
China and Japan. Secretary Pierce, in
his report to the President, strongly
sustains the charges made against Mc-
Wade. The order for McWade's dis
missal went forward to-day.
• WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Notice of
the removal of Robert M. McWade as
Consul -General at Canton has been ex
pected for a long time. Before Third
Secretary Pierce started last winter on
his visit to the Chinese consulates so
many charges had been lodged with
the State Department, though not gen
erally in official form, that the removal
of the Consul-General was certain, if
only a small portion of them were es
tablished. __
The more serious of the allegations
connected the Consul-General's name
with the improper issuance of certifi
cates to Chinese bound for the Philip
pines or the United States. There also
was talk of excessive fees.
McWade was one of the most widely
known newspaper men in Washington
and Philadelphia before his appoint
ment to the consular service.
London Man Hopes
to Win $10,000
Prize.
Asks What Ordeal
of Disarmament
Will Be.
America's Canton
Representative
in Disgrace.
MOTOR BOAT
WILL CROSS
THE OCEAN
FILES SUIT
TO RECOVER
HER LOSSES
Shipyards Trust Lit
¦/igation-Is Re
opened.
BERLINSKY
EXPECTS TO
DISMANTLE
CONSUL GENERAL
McWADE REMOVED
BY THE PRESIDENT
The San Francisco Call.
Alcasar — "The Second la Com
mand." Matinee To-Day.
California— "Marta cf the low
lands."
Central— "Only a Shop Olrl."
Chutes — Vaudeville. *
Columbia— "Baffles."
Fischer's — "Anheuser Push."
Grand — "Princess Pan Tan."
Majestic — "In the Palace of the
Xlnsr.", Matinee To-Day. -.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day. -
Tivoli — "The Toreador."
THE THEATSB3.
Porecart mafl« at Saa Pran
d»co-for thirty bcror» eadin*
midalffht. September 15: -
San Praadsoo and vidaity —
Cloudy or tozZJ Thursday; fre»h
west wind.*
O. K. VTSJJmSOV.
I,cal Porecaater.
Temporarily In Charare.
THE WEATKEB.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 107.And of all charity the sweetest . type
is the charity: to little ' children— the
physical charity of housing and feed
ing ! and clothing ' the little ' lads -and
lassies, -who, through misfortune, stand
In need of it.
-'? Now, that's what the Presbyterian
Orphanage 'over at San Ans elmo Is do
iner-housinff, feeding. and.clo thins. s»v>
In Faith and Hope ths world will disagree,
But alii mankind's concerned la Charity.
CHICAGO, Sept. , 14. — Judge Parker
may go on ' the . platform' within the
next six ..weeks and . respond ' personT
ally to the asked : by Presi
dent Roosevelt in ; the' latter's letter of
acceptance, according to iJationaJL
Will : Reply to Questions Propounded
. by Mr. Roosevelt.
PARKER TO TAKE THE ¦ STUMP.-
By Sally Sharp.
CHARITY CALLS
IN ITS STILL
SMALL VOICE
DENVER, Sept. 14,— The Republican
State convention met in this city to
day and nominated the following can
didates: .
Presidential Electors, David H. Mof
fatt, Percy S. Ryder, P. B. Stewart,
Simon' Guggenheim and John C. Os
good; Congressman -at-large, i Franklin
E. Brooks of El Paso Counter Gover
nor, James H. 'Peabody; Lieutenant-
Governor, J. - F. McDonald of Lake;
Treasurer, J. A. Holm berg of Denver;
Secretary, James Cowle of Boulder;
Auditor, A. E. Bentof Prowers; Attor
ney-General, N. C. "Miller of La Plata;
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
Katherine L. Craig of Jefferson;- Re
gents of University, Thomas D. Baird
of Huerfano, Dr. A. Johnson of Mont
rose.. . D. • B. . Falrley was re-elected
chairman of tha St&t* Central Com
mittee.
The slate was broken In the selection
of Holmberg as Treasurer over Gill of
Denver. Another attempt was made to
break the slate In the nomination of
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
but It failed.
One of the incidents of the conven
tion was a speech by John W. Springer,
who placed Greely W. Whitford in
nomination for Congressman-at-large,
and then withdrew, his name before the
vote was announced. Springer In.nom
inating Whitford took occasion, to de
nounce certain Republicans who voted
against him for Mayor of Denver" last
May, and who, he said, were now sit
ting in the convention.
"The leading name on your electoral
ticket," he said, "is a man who found
It necessary to issue a statement to the
public press In the last- municipal cam
paign advocating the election of the
Democratic candidates — the man
through whose efforts the defeat of the
Republican candidates w&s encom
passed."
The wildest confusion followed this
statement, but Springer continued, say-
Ing notwithstanding this he ! would sup
port-the ticket and vote for Moffatt.
The platform adopted by the conven
tion Indorsed the national platform
adopted at Chicago. On 'local issues
the administration \ of ¦ Governor Pea
body was indorsed and the platform
called upon all citizens, Irrespective of
party, to support him In, his ; efforts, to
"rebuke the spirit of lawlessness which
would turn popular -government, into
irresponsible despotism and keep alive
class hatred, lawlessness and treason.'/
Colorado Republican Convention
Meets in Denver.
PEABODY INDORSED.
SALINAS, Sept. 14.— Word was re
ceived this evening from Pajaro to the
effect that R. C. Vaughan, 24 years old,
had been found dead on a chicken
ranch opposite his parents' home. The
body was discovered forty yards from
the cabin used by the owner of the
ranch, who Is absent at present. Cir
cumstances lead to the belief that mui
der has been committed. Last night
about 8 o'clock Vaughan left home,
stopping a few minutes at De Back's
ranch. Soon after his departure the
members of the De Back family heard
three shots in rapid succession. This
mornig the young man was found dead.
Examination showed three bullet holes,
close together, In his head, evidently
made by a weapon of small caliber.
The Coroner and District Attorney will
investigate.
Body Is Found Pierced by Bullets and
the District Attorney Will
Investljrate.
by the simple use of his hands com
pelled his recognition by the medical
journal, which said it was forced to
admit that he could cure certain forms
of paralysis known as transverse
myelitis and anterior polar myelitis,
which had hitherto been pronounced in
curable by all medical authorities.
BELIEF THAT YOUNG
MAN WAS MURDERED
The calling of the roll showed that
five .members of the conference had
died during the year— Rev. J, E. Bad
ger, J. N. Beard, P. G. Buchanan, J.
W. Kuykendall and S. D. Simonds. The
following transfers were read: Rev.
Alfred J. Whitfleld, from Puget Sound
conference; Samuel Quickmlre, from
Mexico; Walter B. Burton, from Mon
tana.
Rev. C. B. Irons was elected secre
tary, with Revs. H. E. Mllner and B. B.
Winning as assistants. Rev. H. J.
Winsor was elected statistical secre
tary and he appointed assistants as fol
lows: Revs. F. W. Loyd, M. O. Brink,
J. L. Burcham, Thomas Leak, J. C.
Belster and Carl M. Warner. Rev.
Thomas Filbin was elected treasurer
and Rev. C. M. Richmond was made
assistant. Rev. E. S. Robertson was
made postmaster, Rev. E. R, Willis
chorister and Mrs. J. F. Kellogg organ
ist.
Various standing and special commit
tees were revised, which completed the
organization of the session. At the last
session of the "conference a plan was
adopted by which a collection of 10
cents per member was to be taken In
all the churches and each pastor was
asked to devote 1 per cent of his salary
to make a fund from which the salaries
of pastors receiving less than $600 were
to be raised, if possible, to that sum
as a minimum.
The committee was enlarged to re
formulate plans for this purpose, since
the returns on the present plan were
so meager, only about fifteen standing
to Indicate that they had taken the
collection.' A large number indicated
their willingness to give the required
percentage to this fund.
Rev. G. L. Pearson, presiding elder
of the Hawaiian-Japanese district, pre
sented to the conference a gavel made
in HawajJ and given by the church of
the Island. The gavel is made of three
kinds of wood, representing, aa the
donor said, three elements of the Island
church— Korean, Japanese and English
speaking people. Rev. Frank L. Hart,
representing 1 the working of the
Methodist Mutual Fire Insurance Com
pany of Chicago,'' stated that the com
pany now covered $23,000,000 worth of
church property.
Sessions were ordered , to commence
promptly at 8 a. m. and close at 12
ml- The first hour will be devoted to
evangelistic services, to be led by Rev.
Joseph Smith, one of the leading evan
gelists of the' church. The Bishop
brought to the conference $13,091 as the
part of the proceeds of the book con
cern due the California conference, and
$22 from the ' chartered fund. The at
tendance is unusually large and Is con
ceded to be unparalleled in the history
of the California conference. The grove
Is taxed to entertain . Its guests.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 14.— The
fifty-second session of the California
annual conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church was opened this
morning at 9 o'clock by the celebration
of the Lord's supper. Bishop Luther
B. Wilson, L.L. D.» presiding officer of
the conference, formally opened the
session by a few words upon the provi
dence of God in the fifty-first year of
history of the conference and faith
that the same divine care would still
be vouchsafed to the church repre
sented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— It has
been discovered that under the city
charter Thomas O'Connor is not en
titled to the office of City Trustee from
the First Ward, to which he was -ap
pointed by Mayor Hassett upon the
death of Trustee F. F-. Tebbetts. - ?
The charter requires that the ap
pointee shall have been an Inhabitant
of the ward for at least one year next
prior to the date of his appointment.
It has developed that O'Connor left
his position as a Southern Pacific
roadmaster at Red Bluff in December
lnst and that he has lived in the First
Ward only nine months. His seat in
the Board of Trustees will be con
tested. •
Man Chosen as Trustee for Unexpired
Term In Sacramento Must De
fend His Seat.
APPOINTEE OF MAYOR
FOUND NOT ELIGIBLE
CHURCH WORK
IS THE THEME
BALTIMORE, Sept. 14. — At the
meeting of the Grand Aerie of Eagles
to-day Grand Worthy President Sul
livan of New York read his annual re
port. He reviewed the work of the
year and called attention to the fact
that the order now has S50 subordi
nate aeries with a total membership
of about 150,000. He reported that
the cash assets of the Grand Aerie
have increased to 570,000 and in vi$w
of the rapid -increase of the; funds
when the running .expenses of the
Grand Aerie are not -heavy he recom
mended that the per capita tax on all
members be reduced from 80 to 20
cents per annum.
Other annual reports were received
and adopted and a number of tele
grams of good wishes were received,
among them one from Seattle, the
mother aerie, where the first annual
session of the Grand Aerie was held
and which puts in a bid for the tenth
annual session in 1908.
President of Order Reads His Annual
Report at Meeting; In Baltimore
of Grand Aerie.
EAGLE MEMBERSHIP ROMj
NOW TOTALS 150,000
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 14.— The
Republican State ticket placed in nom
ination by the State convention in this
city to-day follows: Governor, Henry
Roberts, Hartford; Lieutenant Gover
nor, R. S. Woodruff; Secretary of State,
Theodore^Bodenwein; State Treasurer,
James F. Walsh; Comptroller, A. S.
Withel; Congressman at large, George
L. Lilley.
Connecticut Republican Ticket.
Milton H. Berry, son of Mrs. Lydia
Berry. 1407 California street, San
Francisco, one of the pioneer residents
of San Francisco, who was himself
born and reared in San Francisco, is
the subject of all' this commotion. He
discovered his remarkable gift a few
years ago and has since made exten
sive use of it in effecting: marvelous
cures of persons who had been abso
lutely helpless for years. The promi
rence of some of those who were healed
"It becomes then an important ques
tion whether it is not incumbent upon
us to amend our therapeutics. Facts
are stubborn things. Facts like the
cures mentioned are extremely inter
esting. Those seriously afflicted with
nervous afflictions, finding no' relief
from ordinary methods of treatment,
gladly avail themselves of any means
which promise a cure. It may not be
long until the masseur, as the nurse,
will prove an invaluable aid to the
physician.
"There is no method of treatment
which is not by right the property of
the medical profession. The near fu
ture will probably see us making larger
use of manual therapeutics for the re
lief of our otherwise incurable dis
eases."
This article broupht forth a storm of
protests from old-time members of the
society, who denounced the editorial. as
heretic. This was followed by other
articles citing numerous cures and cul
minated in an article in to-day's issue
by Dr. A. M. Linn, member and ex
president of the State Medical Board,
and one of the recognized leaders of his
profession. He says, among other
thing?:
DES MOINES. Iowa, Sept. 14.— To
dH y'j-t isfue of the Iowa State Medical
Journal, ihe official organ of the State
Medical Society, marks the climax of
a sensational wrangle that has been
waged in the society fur a year, over
an editorial which admitted the utter
inability of the science of medicine to
reach certain forms o-f paralysis, which
it had been definitely established could
be* successfully treated and actually
cured by a young masseur of this city,
v.ho did not claim to be a physician or
surgeon and was not identified with the
medical profession. The editorial ac
corded him a place alongside Dr.
Lorenz of Vienna, though he processed
no medical training such as the famous
surgeon.
Special tMsr>alch to The Call.
"Everybody wanted, to buy," he ex
plained, "and as I was the only Balti
morean in the gathering, I insisted that
I pay for the drinks. Tom Sharkey
drew a large, roll of notes from • his
pocket and laid one of them on the
bar. I turned around to him and said:
"Put that money in your pocket; it is
counterfeit.' Then he struck me under
the chin. I then swung on his jaw and
rushed him into a corner. A number
of his friends dragged me from him.
"When I got into the street I told
Tommy Hart that I would give him
$100 if he could get Sharke*y to come
out into the street and fight rne. Just
then a policeman came along and
placed Hart and myself under arrest."
BALTIMORE. Sept. 14.— Dr. Robert
Giering was the biggest bald eagle of
the Eagles' convention to-day, because
he punched Tom Sharkey, the pugilist,
in the nose during an argument in
Joyce's Hotel, where the New York
Eagles are quartered during the Na
tional Grand Aerie meeting now in
session.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MEDICOS ADMIT
MASSEUR'S GIFT
HITS SHARKEY'S
MASSIVE JAW
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 14. — A Re
publican plurality of 27^30 is shown
by complete returns from the State
election of Monday. The total vote
for Governor was as follows: Cobb
(R.), 78,460; Davis (D.), 51,330.
While these figures show a Republi
can gain of 4990 votes over 1900, they
also indicate a Democratic grain of
11,244, or a net gain for their party
of 6254.
Republican Nominee for Governor
Has Plurality of 27,130.
MAINE'S RETURNS COMPLETE.
We know now that the men are as unlike as
two can be when one believes In the law of the
land and the other In the rule of the . "big
stick"— the ready rough rider, who has risen
to prominence by his reckless disregard of
restraint. The calm and cautious Roosevelt
whom we had difficulty in recognizing is seen
prostrate, with the rough rider sitting astride
of him.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14. — Bourke
Cockran was the principal speaker to
night at a Tammany rally in the Wig
wam. He said:
The returns from • Maine indicate that we
can elect the Democratic ticket. Prior to. the
letter of acceptance issued by the J President
there were a good many people who thought
that the platforms of the parties were prac
tically identical, and that It was merely a
question of which of the two candidates
should enjoy the emoluments and honors of the
oftice.
Sees Hope for Democracy in the Re
turns From Maine.
COCKRAN TALKS TO TIGERS.
A contingency, therefore. Is possible, though
It may be remote, that the people of the United
States will have elected either one of these
gentlemen lndirctly for their chief magistrate.
The voter must take Into consideration In cast-
Ing his ballot whether his choice would be
either of these gentlemen as compared with
Roosevelt. Fairbanks. John Hay, Lesli'e M.
Shaw and William H. Taft.
Every President must necessarily select the
men who will fill these places from his most
distinguished advisers and friends in the con
vention. This rule Is Inviolable and cannot
be avoided. The two gentlemen who would
thus be honored beyond all others would be
Governor Hill and W. J. Bryan. Then would
come a southern man. and John Sharp 'Wil
liams would be entitled to consideration.
I call attention to this . pregnant fact: In
our brief history, by natural death or assas
sination.- the presidency has become vacant
and a succession Under the constitution neces
sary five times. It /Is a contingency always
before us. If Judge Parker should be elected
the respected and honored citizen who Is the
second on the ticket will enter upon Its In
cumbency in his eighty-second year. That
presents also the possibility of the constitu
tional rule of succession coming Into force.
Under the law. If the President and Vice Pres
ident die, the members of his Cabinet succeed
in the order of creation of those ministries —
first, the Secretary of State; second, the Sec
retary of the Treasury; third, the Secretary
of War.
Senator Fairbanks was followed by
Major Francis B. Fremont, U. -S. A.,
who spoke briefly. Senator Depew
spoke next. He said: ,
In good time. 'In God's province, victory was
given to your cause. It was not achieved un
til after our Institutions were put to the su
preme test. 'With the best blood of the re
public, the crime which summoned you to
your exalted service was washed away.
The achievements of the Republican party
constitute the most luminous pages in Ameri
can history. T|pty have no parallel in all of
the ample annals of the past.
The Republican party has not been . the
nerveless party of expediency. It has stood
for the right and challenged all comers. It
has met every emergency which has- arisen
upon the high level of duty and honor. Above
mere party triumph it has put the welfare of
the people. To paraphrase the historic utter
ance of our first great leader, the v^epublican
party has been a party of the people., by the
people and for the people. It has possessed in
an eminent degree the initiative faculty.\ It
has be*>n progressive. It has met the advanc
ing needs of our expanding country, and our
nati ma! development, under the inspiration of
its policies, challenges the admiration and the
wonder of the world. It has had convictions
and it has bad the moral courage to proclaim
them.
Fellow Citizens: You do well to celebrate
the anniversary of the birth of the Republican
party within the Empire State, for it has done
more for human freedom than any other po
lttical agency since the Pilgrims landed upon
Plymouth Rock. j
All honor to you venerable gentleman who
fifty years ago stood at the cradle of the Re
publican party. It required resolution of a
bigh order to renounce your old political alle
giance and align yourselves with the forces
which assembled under the banner of Republi
canism. You were obliged to encounter hate,
prejudice,- criticism and epithet. But these did
not stay your purpose. You and your Immor
tal compatriots enlisted In a holy cause. You
sought the north star of human liberty and
turned neither to the- right nor to the left.
Opposition did. not dissuade you. It but drove
deeper Into your hearts the roots of your ex
alted purposes. The Republican party did not
organize for spoils. It assembled about an al
tar of sacrifice and in a sanctuary beset by
enemies. .x
Chairman Seward introduced. Senator
Charles W. Fairbanks as /'the next
Vice-President of the United- States,"
and the candidate received a great ova
tion when he rose to speak. He said
in part:
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. 14.— Rain,
which- fell in torrents, did not prevent
a good attendance at the Republican
party's' semi-centennial celebration to
night. The celebration was brought
about by a committee composed of sur
viving delegates to the first regular
State Republican convention, held here
on August 16, 1S54.
Occupying seats on the platform were
125 white-haired veterans who voted for
John C. Fremont. The presiding offi
cer of the meeting was Frederick W.
Seward, the son of Lincoln's Secretary
of -State. Senator Depew and Major
Francis H. Fremont, a son of John
C. Fremont, conducted Seward to his
chair.
Seml-Centennial Celebration by the
Pnrty's Founders.
REPUBLICAN REUNION.
Idaho, who is a member of the Privi
leges and Elections Committee of the
United States Senate, which is inves
tigating the charges against Senator
Reed Smoot. Senator Dubois gave as
surances that the charges would be
probed to the bottom.
Committeeman J.»G. Johnson of Kan
sas. Johnson, who arrived in Chicago
to-day, also declared that Senator
Gorman is to have charse of the cam
paign, superseding Chairman Taggart
and Executive Chairman Sheehan.
"Headquarters will be opened in the
West," said Johnson, "and that is
what Chairman Taggart is coming to
this city for next week. It is the pur
pose of the National Committee to
wage a hard fight in Colorado, Utah,
Wyoming, Idaho, Washington and
California. Nevada is looked upon as
being Democratic. In the ifiddle
West Wisconsin, Illinois and 'Indiana
will be the battleground."
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
PLATT AND QDELL FAIL
TO EFFECT COMPROMISE
ON NEW' YORK TICKET
. ¦¦¦¦¦..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
COLONEL FRENCH TO LECTURE.— Th«
Salvation Army announces that an illustrated
lectur* on the subject of "International '* Con-'
gress" will be given this even ins In CongreM
Hall. 1271 Mission street, by Colonel George
French. Congress songs will be eung by a'
doubln quartet and there wtll be music by
the provincial staff band. Tickets ar» on sal*
at army headquarters and by members of th»
organization.
A carload of trunks and dress suit
cases Just received at a saving of 50 pec
cent in freight. Now is the time to buy.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
A Carload of Trunks.
eral dozens of little orphans— and It
takes dollars to do it.
The big gray stone house that stands
on the hill is the home of these little
children and the only home they know.
And within that home there must be
loads of meat and bread and butter
and shoes and Uiings— think, ye fath
ers of four, whsft it must mean to dig
up these things for four hundred! Now,
that's just the proposition that these
women, who guide the institution, are
called upon to face.
And therefore do they bid the pub
lic to a garden fete on Saturday next,
to be held on the grassy slopes of the
Kent home at Kentfield— where the
purpling grapes do grow.
No lovelier,spot about the bay Is there
for a fete than this home place, nest
ling close to rugged old Tamaipals— "
which, even thus early, smiles benevo
lently upon the efforts of the good
women who are planning and plotting
to make the affair a success.
The following ladies* are actively con
cerned in the good work of putting
dollars into the treasury of the big
stone house:
Mesdames H. I* King, H. W. Taylor.
Charles Hoag, Caldwell and H. H. Dob
bin, who will preside at the handker
chief booth.
Mrs. Church and Mrs. M. Connell
will dispense tea, and Mrs. J. Coughlln
sandwiches and salads.
Mrs. H. L- Van Winkle will assume
charge of the fancy booth, as will
Mrs. D. W. Horsburgh and Mrs. Jane
L. MarteL
Mrs. Robert Dollar and Mrs. John
Kech will preside over the fruit booth,
and Mrs. John McKay of Ross at a
fancy table.
A clever arrangement has been made,
whereby a luncheon will be served on
Now to help this great stone church
toward completion the following ladies
have arranged to hold a euchre tourna
ment In Cotillon Hall, at Polk and
Bush streets, on Wednesday, the 2Sth
of the present month:
Mrs. J.-F. Sullivan, Miss C. Thomas.
Miss M. Shannon, Miss M. Gibbon. Mrs.
Frank Panter, Mrs. C. Ivancovlch. Mrs.
Jules Clerpayt. Mrs. Amasa Thornton.
The tickets have been placed at H
and can be obtained from the commit
tee. Prizes? To be sure — and they'll
be worth bearing homeward, too. -
That the tournament will be a smart
affair, likewise profitable, Is assured,'
even thus early.
Charities and churches — the two
greatest agencies toward ethical
worth! Here's a superb stone church
to be finished— a church that will bear
the same relation to sacred edifices iri
the West that St. Patrick's does to
Gotham. * '
the lawn for twenty-five cents. Thus
those who go over for a breath of Sep
tember air may go over early and stay
late, thereby doing good unto them
selves and unto the fatherless little
ones.
2
PR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
HOW TO HOLD A HUSBAND.
The best, known (ruide to married happi- .
Bess is to hold the husband as you won the
lover— by cheerfulness of disposition, pa-
tience and keeping your youthful looks.
Of course a freat many women are handi-
capped by those ills to which womf n are
heir. The constantly reoorrinjf troubles
which afflict her are apt to canse a sour
disposition, nervousness and a bectouded
mind.
Dr. R.V. Pierce, the specialist in woman's
diseases, of Buffalo, N. Y., after a lone ex-
perience in treating such diseases, found
that certain, roots and herbs made into
a liquid extract, would help the" majority
of cases.. This he called Dr. Pierce r s Fa-
vorite Prescription. Thousands of women
have testified to. its merits, and it is put
up in shape to, be easily proettred and
is sold by all medicine dealera. , This is
a potent tonic for the womanly system.
So mnch faith has Dr. Pierce in its merits
thai he offers $500 reward for. any case of
Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolapsus,
or Falling of Womb, which he ; cannot
cure. All he asks is a fair and reasonable
trial of his means of cure. ¦ . . .'
Mri. T. Dolan, of Madrid; Perkins Co., Nebr.,
writes : "I was cured of painful periods by the
use of Dr. Pierce'g Favorite Prescription, and
his Compound Extract of. Smart- Weed. I think
Dr. Pierces medicines the best In the world."
•Favorite' Prescription " makes • weak
women strong, sick women' welL v. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which works
wonders for weak women. .• -
Dr. Pierce 's Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser is sent free on receipt of stamps to
pay expense of mailing: only. Send 21
one - cent stamps for the paper • covered
book,* or 31 > stamps for the cloth - bonn4 '
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Piera*, Ojg
M«ia.fitrecJ..fiuflalfl.-H. "K-
A Wxretess Message <g|fo
vl J§r xF^v HL'" "
W|L $12.00 and Upward -
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO. ? v
.41S POST 8TREET. .
i®ICA€%
SB AND RETURN \|
MS Roiand-trip -tickets on sale on certain dates via lli
mm the Chicago, Union Pacific and North-Western 11
||| Line from San. Francisco, Los Angeles and other 11
Hi California points. Two fast trains daily, includ- ill
Hit ing the famous electric-Hghted Overland Limited' fffl
III solid through train, less than three days to SB
1» Chicago, over the only double-track railway Bg
W^from the Missouri River to Chicago. ffjff
18k Choke of routes RETURNING VIA ST. LOUIS U desired. MB
TO|,thus pennittiag visit to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. Mff
W|w The Vest of Everything. JwJW
' " r< * 10 !?/' on a » "So"' f! * ep ' iag caf '^j^____ X
«£^5nfl • j fiu5g3^raw^ 1o- 1 Montgam«n Street, i •' *^<j|^ «QP^ll\
VJ^TISE3LEyrS.
Baa rnutdioo, Tfaund&jr. 10 September, lfrOi.
buys this sideboard
Exactly as pictured above and free from the
5 slightest imperfection. Made of oak, weathered fin-
ish, and of ample dimensions. Forty-eight inches ¦'
wide and eighty inches high. The mirror 'in. back
measures 18 by 32 inches. Three.drawers with swell v,
fronts, and cabinet with double doors.
(Formerly the California, Furniture "Go.) <
261 to 281 Oeary^St., 8 Unlpjn?« Squared .' %
ApyramsraiKXTs. J£
GP.MOORMAN& CO., SHERWOOD t* SHERWOOD
* ¦¦¦ ¦ i 1 Si12j?BJ I :^£SS?^Ell!^i 1 ¦ ¦¦ ¦!. ¦ ¦.¦ .I DISTRIBUTORS
¦ ; :
There is only One (fB|k
Genuine- SyrUp Of
The Genuine Is Manufactured by the Mlm^^^m
Tho full name of the company, California Figr Syrup Co n W^^^^^^^m
(a printed on the front of c\^cry package of the genuine. /^¦^'"^•'•^«8r-^^»^^^S
The Genuine^ Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, In Original KS^ir^^^^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere |^5SJ^VSj^^a
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imha- \ :. ' = y .'i-i^Sj^^jj-
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable %f^^§" *3&fpi§n
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should V&^5^>V/|^^g
therefoi'e be declined.
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. fe^V^^f I) M
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches >' H
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the fl^^'fBf •
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed W--^-fie$! lli
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial YmU
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the y^/^-^^^0§
laxative remedy of the well-informed. /&$( P --\J^^^^3
buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs J&M J ( f^%^ft*!?! "
-MANUFACTURED BY THE >?^^^ iPA^%J%^A
Lo\usvilfe # K>5 flewYork. H&Jmgm
rxKE rvu uNlS ratfvTTIB . 4 -.*d5-; -"v '-•$?%ered by a strong rear guard of cav
alry.
"We abandoned nothing from Au
gust 30 up to the time of our arrival at
Mukden. Our engineers worked with
the greatest devotion. Throughout all
the fighting they rendered Invaluable
service in making and repairing roads
and assisting in the railway traffic."
I might add that in an official dispatch to the
department this morning I stated that I, In
Erroneous reports sent out as to the
conduct of K. Uyeno, the local Consul
for Japan, in his interviews with Col
lector of the Port Stratton on the ar
rival of the Lena have placed tne
foreign official in a very unpleasant
light. It has been alleged against him
that he made a hot demand that the-
Russian cruiser be ordered to leave
forthwith and that when he learned
of the representations of Captain Ber
linsky as to the unseaworthiness of the
boilers followed with a ridiculous de
mand that a commission of local Jap
anese be authorized to Inspect the
vessel.
These reports were utterly without
foundation, as was learned by Investi
gation at the time. Consul Uyeno
merely sought information from the
Collector, and not being a diplomatic
representative undertook no step as
such.
The Japanese Minister at Washing
ton telegraphed the Consul as to the
reports and was informed that they
were groundless. To set Consul Uyeno
right before, the world Collector Strat
tcn voluntarily sent the following
communication to him:
UNITED STATES CUSTOMS SERVICE,
Port of San Francisco, S«pt. 13, 1904.
Hon. K. Uyeno, Consul of Japan, 420 Cali
fornia street, city — Dear Sir: I have noticed
from the prees certain statements purporting
to give, by Indirection, tha substance of cer
tain Interviews between us relative to the
Rurolan auxiliary cruiser Lena. Attempt Is
being made to convey the Impression that you
made demands upon . me which were met by
terse or summary dismissal on my part. Fur
ther, that there had been warm sessions be
tween us regarding the matter.
I now desire to disavow any such statements
and to declare that In all*- respects, as you
are well aware, not only were our conversa
tions marked by courtesy, but by a friendly
spirit," not only on my part, but on yours as
well. Nothing, occurred of the nature 6ug
gested In some of the publications, and In fact
my very frtrong recollection of our conferences
was that you acted with politeness and dig
nity In asking for Information, and made no
summary demands euch as had been indi
cated.
CONSUL IN FALSE LIGHT.
ities have directed Collector Stratton
to oo-operate with Rear Admiral Good
rich. To that end the Collector yester
day forwarded by Special Deputy Col
lector W. B. Hamilton to Rear Admir
al Goodrich on the flagship New York
a copy of instructions he had received.
The San Francisco officials feel satis
fied that no decision will be satisfac
tory to the Russians, as to the ultimate
time limit that will be allowed them
in which to repair, and that they will
accept, the only other alternative of
dismantling. It is considered a positive
certainty that the Lena is unfit to go
to sea and that she cannot be made
ready within a limit of thirty days
or so, to the satisfaction of her com
mander.
"The Ministry of Marine tells me,- re
garding the arrival of the Russian
transport Lena at San Francisco, that
another vessel, the Korea, is also due
at an American port on the Pacific.
Orders have been sent to the Russian
ships to scrupulously conform with the
American neutrality rules, which are
expected to permit them to take
enough coal "to reach Vladivostok. I
consider the situation very delicate, as
there is evidence that the ships were
destined to prevent" the transport of
contraband goods from the United
States to Japan, and perhaps capture
vessels carrying contraband."
PARIS, Sept. 14.— The correspondent
of the Echo de Paris at St. Petersburg
has telegraphed to his paper as fol
lows:
CRUISER KOREA IS COMING.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. L4.— H. M. S.
Graf ton, flagship of the Pacific squad
ron, which left here some days ago
to do her annual heavy gun practice
at Comox, returned unexpectedly to
Esquimau early Tuesday morning,
making tha. trip from Comox to her
Esqulmalt moorings under forced
draught in record time.
The cause of the Graf ton's record
breaking trip from Comox is connected
with the sudden appearance of the
Russian armed auxiliary cruiser Lena
in San Francisco.
It is understood the Grafton ls under
cabled "orders from the British ad
miralty to protect British shipping on
the American side of the Pacific at
all costs. It depends upon the decision
of the United States Government re
garding the Lena whether the Grafton
v/ill proceed south to watch her, and,
if any British merchantmen are mo
lested, capture and sink her.
Lena Incident Causes English Cruiser
to Quit Target Practice.
GRAFTOX ON THE ALERT.
general, disavowed tha substance of articles
as above indicated.
British Steamship Boarded.
GIBRALTAR. Sept. 14. — The British
steamship Ortona, Captain Fletcher,
which arrived here to-day from Lon
don, reports having passed yesterday a
Russian cruiser which was boarding the
British steamship Derwen from Liver
pool.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
Indtx cards, filinj? cabinets, loose leaf
l?ds<?rs and all modern office systems in
our stationery department. Printing and
bookbinding at lowrst prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. *
CHZSFI7. Sept. 14.— A communication
has been received by the Russian Con
fuI here from General Balashoff, chief
of tiie lied Cross at Port Arthur, re
querting that the same be made pub
lic. The general charges thc Japanese
R ith pxoss violation of the Red Cross.
He says on Japanese dead have been
found notes, written in Russian, re
questing that their bodies be buried,
but v.hen Russian burial parties at
tempted to fulfill these requests they
were fired on.
Such instances, General Balashoff
adds, are numerous, and the Russians
are now afraid to trust to the Red
Cross flag. He says that the Japanese
also protect movements of their troops
by the unlawful use of the Red Cross
flag.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 14.— The
Eir.percr has- received the following
dispatch from General Stoessel, com
mander cf the Russian miltary forces
at Port Arthur, dated August 28:
"I am happy to report to your Maj
esty that at 3 o'clock in the morning of
Aug-usf 27. during a violent rain and
thunder storm, the Japanese again at
tempted to capture our left flank posi
tions, near No. 1 Fort and Udan Moun
tain. Their attack was everywhere re
pulsed. Our losses were small— three
xr.en Wiled ajad two officers and ninety
eight men wounded. The wounded
were brought in and are being care
fully attended. A number of Japanese
corpses would have been picked up by
us, but the enemy prevented us from
eo doing by opening fire on the hospi
tal attendants, r.ho had been sent out
under the Red Cross flag."
Another dispatch from General
Etoessel to the Emperor, dated Septem
ber 2, says:
"On the nisht of September 1 the
enemy attacked Visokaya and Dlin
naya Mountains and the neighboring
fortifications, opening simultaneosly an
artillery fire on the forts and moun
tains. The leading files of the enemy,
¦with the Japanese columns behind
them, were discovered in good time,
and our batteries opened on them. The
leading files finally encountered some
automatic mines and many of the
enemy were blown into the air. The
attack was repulsed in an hour. Our
losses were inconsiderable— one officer
and seven men wounded."
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.—
The Call's correspondent learns that
since the battle of Liaeyang; the Rus
sian army has been reinforced by
30,000 men: that there are now on
thc way to thc front 60,000 men, and
that the addition^ to Kuropatkin's
forces before the end of October will
total 180.000 men and more ' than
1000 guns.
Lena's Commander Is
Losing Hope for
Ship.
LONDON, Sept. 15. — According to
a dispatch from- Shanghai to the
Morning Post, the Chinese Govern
ment has appointed a special envoy
to Japan and Russia to arrange for
the retrocession of Manchuria to
China.
•¦ : >."
BERLIN, Sept. 15. — The Tageblatt's
correspondent at Tie Pass, cabling un
der date of September 14, says that
the evacuation of Mukden by the
Russians is not being considered at
present and that the field of opera
tions seems to be moving eastward.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
MUKDEN, Sept. 14. — The Japanese
are causing a sensation among the na
tives of Manchuria as they advance
by 'establishing their own system of
taxation and administration, as
though the country were actual Jap
anese territory. They are paying for
supplies with promissory notes on the
war fund, a blanket note being given
for the payment of each village on the
basis of population, leaving the resi
dents to divide pro rata. Few of
the.se notes have yet been collected in
cash, but Japanese officials are col
lecting cash tax levied ,"for war ex
penses." They have even notified the
Governor of Mukden to discontinue
the salt tax, as it will be readjusted
upon a Japanese basis. They have al
most doubled the customs duties at
Yinkow and have placed such a heavy
tax upon the thousands of boats sail
ing thence as practically to paralyze
trade.
Much bushwhacking is going on on
the road south of Mukden and many
Russian soldiers have been killed
from the fields of Chinese corn. How
ever, the corn harvest will soon be
gin and when the fields are cleared
the country will be much more- suit
able for military operations.
FIGHT ON KAMTCHATKA.
Japanese Invade Peninsula and Are
Expelled by Russian Force.
PETROPAVLOVSK, Kamtchatka,
Tuesday, Sept. 13.— In the middle of
June Lieutenant Gundusl of , the Japa
nese navy, with 150 naval reserve men,
landed on the west coast of Kamt
chatka, plundered villages, expelled In
habitants and issued proclamations de
claring the sovereignty of Japan over
the Kamtchatka "peninsula. A sailing
vessel with 100 Russian reserve men
and a detachment of 100 militiamen
was sent from Petropavlovsk to the
west coast to eject the Japanese. The
Russians defeated the latter and cap
tured their leader..
The Russian force lost one man and
had four men wounded. The Japanese
lost seventeen men killed. The Russian
naval detachment later burned five
Japanese schooners, killing seventy
Japanese.
MORE TROOPS FOR FAR EAST.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept! 14.— The
mobilization of troops at Odessa affects
the Fourteenth and Fifteenth divisions
of the Eighth Army Corps. The Four
teenth is famous in the Russian army
as Diagomiroff's division. With it he
crossed the Danube In 1887 and held
Shipka Pass against a Turkish army of
70,000 men. The Fifteenth division has
for several :years contributed the Rus
sian detachment of troops stationed in
the island of Crete.
Lieutenant General Myloff, who will
command the Eighth' Corps, is a Cau
casian, with a long war record. The
corps will proceed to the front at once.
"Precautions were taken on Septem
ber 3 and 4 to prevent a turning move
ment from the east. The Japanese • to
the southward took no vigorous initia
tive, but General Kurokl assumed the
offensive to the eastward. Our detach
ments holding positions at Talienko
sustained a furious night attack, which
was particularly desperate on Septem
ber 5. We retained our position, but
suffered heavy losses, one regiment,
which bore the brunt of the fighting,
losing H00 in killed and wounded.
"By evening of September 5 the dan
ger of a "simultaneous attack on our
front and left flanks had'disappeareo.
The removal of our artillery,- transport
and baggage trains j was . effected in th&
face of immense, difficulties/; but was
successfully concluded. ' Our retirement
on Mukden on September "7 Vascov-'
"By that time Orloff's detachment
was within a mile and a third of our
other forces. Orloff himself was
wounded, as was General Fomin, who
subsequently died.
"After the evacuation of this posi
tion, which had been intended to serve
as a base for our attack, the Japanese
extended northward and occupied the
whole range of hills and the Yentai
mines. SamsonofTs sotnia of Cossacks
dismounted and defended our positians
with the utmost courage, but were
gradually driven back.
"The enemy was now established in
an extremely strong position on the
hills and it would have been too haz
ardous for our left flank to attack
them in view of the losses sustained
in the previous five days. We therefore
v.ithdrew to the village of Talienko
and I decided to retire to Mukden, the
retreat being accomplished on Septem
ber 7. The evacuation of Liaoyang be
gan and was concluded on the
morning of September 4.' All our
equipment was removed, but there was
no time to save the commissariat re
serves, which were sufficient to last
the whole army eight days. These
were all destroyed. The pontoon
bridges were dismantled and carried
off by the troops, while temporary pon
toons were burned and the railway
bridge wrecked. The army retired in
perfect order. The enemy attempted
to pursue, but were repulsed.
SUITERS HEAVY LOSSES.
"As soon as the left flank in the vi
cinity of the Yentai mines, on Sep
tember 2 (Orloff's detachment), occu
pied the heights to the north of the
mines, holding a strong position facing
south, he opened fire with two bat
teries and engaged the enemy in an ar
tillery duel. Orloff's right flank was
then four miles from the left flank
and the remainder of the army. In
order to aid our troops holding posi
tions near Sykwantun, Orloff sent part
of his force from the hills and attack
ed the enemy in the direction of the
village of Sakhomoon. This move
ment was carried out in cornfields. Our
men met with a frontal and a flank
fire, and, losing their bearings in the
ccrnfields, began to retire. The troops
remaining In the hills also retired west
ward, r -
"I adopted the following plan of
operations: Having crossed to the
right bank of the river, the army had
taken up a position between the vil
lage of Sykwantun and heights near
the Yentai mines, which it was in
tended to occupy with all our detach
ments, composed of thirteen battalions.
Taking the position near Sykwantun
as a pivot. It was intended that the
a'rmy effect a movement to flank the
Japanese positions, which extended
from the Taitse river toward the Yen
tai collieries. Offensive operations be
gan when all the troops had taken up
their allotted positions.
"The night of September 1 the com
mander of the corps on the right flank
sent a dispatch stating that, the Japa
nese having taken the offensive and
ad\*anced to and occupied the district
northwestward of our Sykwantun posi
tion, which was of great importance to
up, the Russian regiment holding the
district was forced to retire, and I was
obliged to change my plans in order to
retake the lost ground the following
day.
"It was not untU the evening of Sep
tember 2 that the entire mountain vil
lage of Sykwantun was in our hands.
At first our attacks did not succeed,
but the fighting was continued with
unabated vigor even after darkness had
set In. We repeatedly gained posses
sion of the heights, but were finally
compelled to withdraw temporarily.
Many of our detachments became
mixed up, and in the disorder unity of
command was rendered very difficult.
Leaders of individual detachments,
however, continued the attacks time
after time, and at last succeeded in oc
cupying the desired position, thereby
attaining the object of the operations
on our right flank. J
ORLOFF'S MEN* FALL BACK.
"During August 31 it could clearly be
seen that a considerable force of Gen
eral Kuroki's army had crossed the
right bank of the Taitse River. Owing
to attacks on our left on August 30
and Cl, it was supposed that the main
body of Kuroki's army had been held
off to turn the left flank of our position
and attack our line of communication.
In consequence I resolved to withdraw
the advance troops to the main posi
tion and concentrate a large force
against Kuroki's army and attempt to
hurl him back on the Taitse River.
Only at certain points was this carried
out successfully. *
"At nightfall, undisturbed by the
Japanese, we commenced the evacua
tion of our advanced positions, which
already had rendered great service in
weakening the enemy by enormous
losses. Thanks to the sufficient num
ber of bridges and the manner in which
the roads led out, all troops destined
to take the offensive were safely on
the right bank of the river on the
morning of September 1. The enemy
did not occupy our abandoned ad
vanced positions until the evening of
September 1, when they opened an ar
tillery nre on Liaoyang. No trophies of
war fell into the hands of the enemy.
PLANS TO FLANK KUROKI.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin's official report,
which was given out to-night, comes
as a considerable relief, as setting at
rest alarmist stories of the loss of
gTins, the cutting off of divisions and
the death or capture of prominent
commanders. The report describes in
detail the phases of the battle of
Liaoyang and entirely bears out the
declaration of the press at the time
that General Orloff's failure to hold
the vital position at Yentai was re
sponsible for the breaking down of
all of General Kuropatkin's plant' of
battle and turned a potential victory
into defeat. The report, In part, fol
lows:
PARIP. Sept. 15.— The Journal's St.
Petersburg correspondent says:
"A \ery high personage informs me
that, the Emperor has received a re
port from Lieutenant General Stoessel
tj th» effect that the situation at Port
Arthur is most critical. For a week
there had been no meat and only a
small quantity of flour, while the am
munition there is not sufficient for a
long resistance. " Everything is pre
pared for the blowing up of the forti
fications in the event of a successful
Japanese assault."
Kuropatkin Sends De
tailed Report of
Russians Will Blow
Up Their Forti
fications.
Customs Duties at
Port of Yinkow
Are Doubled.
Garrison's Food and
Ammunition Ex
hausted.
TOKIO. Sept. 15. — Field Marshal
Oynnia telegraphed to-day that the
positions or the Russians in thc direc
tion of Mukden aj-e unchanged. The
total number of Russian dead buried
at Liaoyanjr was 3100.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 15. — Gen
eral Kuropatkiii estimates the Rus
sian losses at Liaoyansj as follows:
Killed, 1000; .wounded, 12,000.
LONDON', Sept. 15.— Thc Daily Ex
press' Tokio eorresnomlent states that
Japan lias decided to oj-ganize a large
volunteer fleet for patrol duty and
the protection of Japanese shipping,
the Cost to be defrayed by public sub/
serJi<Uon. /
Japan Levies a War
Tax Upon Man
churia.
Orloff Blamed for the
Reverse at Liao
yang.
War Bulletins.
STOESSEL TELLS CZAR PORT ARTHUR MUST FALL
Kuropatkin Given a
Free Hand in the
Far East.
Viceroy Alexieff's In
terference at an
End.
PARIS, Sept. 15. — The correspondent
at St. Petersburg of the Echo de Paris
says:
"I learn authoritatively that Viceroy
Alexieff asked to be relieved of the
functions of commander in chief on
land and sea of the Russian forces In
the Far. East, but not of those of Vice
roy, his object toeing to avoid giving a
semblance of consistency of the reports
of antagonism between himself and
General Kuropatkin.
"He asked that he be allowed to
continue to be responsible for the po
litical and diplomatic administration
of the Far East and remain at Harbin.
The Emperor granted this request and
therefore General , Kuropatkin will be
solely responsible for military opera
tions there." Q •
LONDON, Sept. 15.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent with General Kuropat
kin's fenny writes under date of Sep
tember 8 - an Interesting analysis of
Russian strategy to the eve of the
battle of Liaoyang, bestowing the
highest praise upon Kuropatkin's skill
ful handling ,and withdrawal of the
weak, scattered Russian forces without
demoralization — without, in fact, suf
fering the army to even understand
that it was being withdrawn— and thus
repairing blunders due to Viceroy's
Alexieff's ignorance and General Stak
elberg's wild southward adventure,
forced by the superior authority of the
Emperor. The correspondent says:
"It is too early as yet to speak of
the appalling and almost inconceivable
difficulties that faced Kuropatkin dur
ing the first phase of the campaign.
Some day it will be known how many,
or rather how few, troops, he had when
he arrived ' in Manchuria, and what
proportion, or . rather disproportion,
were keen, ardent young soldiers of
Russia. Russia will know how far Si
berian levies were equipped and quali
fied for the task' they had to perform,
and when the facts are known the
world will realize the enormous respon
sibility cast upon this silent, resolute
man, and with what strength, silence
and resolution he faced and conquered
it."
SAN JOSE, Sept. 14.— Thomas J.
Akers, former yardmaster of the
Southern Pacific in this city, has mys
teriously disappeared and his wife and
friends are trying to find him. Akers
left here six months ago to become
yardmaster at Fresno.
Railroad Man Disappears.
Bellnsky Visits Mare Island.
VALLEJO. Sept. 14.— Russfan Consul
Oyems aiid Captain Berllnsky of the
cruiser LeDa, visited the yard to-day.
They were courteously received by Ad
miral McCalla and shown over the
yard. The Russians took luncheon
with the admiral. Both were pleased
at the courtesy shown them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO YOU BELCH"
Or have Heartburn after your
meals? If so you know how
miserable you feel. You're afraid
to eat this or that and as a result
you become thin and run down.
Take our advice and try a dose
of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
before each meal. You will notice
an improvement from the very
first dose, and when taken regu-
larly always cures a .Weak Stom-
ach, Weak Kidneys, Poor Appe-
tite, Nervousness, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia and Malaria.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
In the Good Old
Summer Tinie
Your colored shirts heed to be so laun-
dered as to retain their pristine beauty- —
you don't want the colors to run, to have
starched stiffness to chafe the skin about
the neck. Well/here's the proper place
to gret proper laundering: done summer as
well as winter. .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone Sonth 480.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
.H^(C^IFORNIA 1
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
I LEAVES MONO AYS ¦ and THURSDAYS 1
H at f) :3O a. m., through tn 3 days, ¦
IB wlth_dlner and all trappings. ' - , J
Other Santa re Trsinil . .
7:30 a.m.] f or Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8 -00 p! m'. J Merced, .Uanford and Viaalla.
4 :0Op! m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. -Grand Canyon and
o- -i ',-;-•¦¦-¦ Chicago. ¦:••¦,
TICKET OPPICUS — 641 Market Bt. aad.
. Perry Depot. S. 7. -Also ; 1113 Broad.
V way, Oakland. CaL • 27 South, ririt St.,
Ban Jose. .
RAILWAY TRAVELg
CALIFOINIA^NORTBWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAH. WAT COMPAWT.
Tibnroa Terry, root of Market Street.
SAW PKAH CISCO TO SAW EAPAEI..
WEEK DAT8 — 1:30 8:00. 9:00. ll:0O a. m..
12:33. 2:30, 3 A0. 0:10. 5:50, 0:30 and 11:30
p. m. ' • ¦ • •
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAPAEL TO SAW TKAWCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:08. 8:60, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a.-m.. 12:30. t2:00, 3:40. 8:00. 8:20.
6:23 p. m. ;¦ .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
BUNDATS— 6:30. 7:33, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3140. 4:80. B:00."5;20. «:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept - Saturdays. • • •
Leave - I In Effect - I . Arrive
Kan Fran. [ May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- J • Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Daya. | day. ( Uon. I dayg. f Days.
7:30 a ' , ' 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a ' •' 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 8:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p ' 6:00 p 6:20 p
B:10p B:10p - » 6:2Op 7:23p
. . . . • >- „' . -7:25 p
. ¦• .- . ¦. ¦ 8:45 p
7-30 a 7:80 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00a 8:00a , .. Norato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a .- Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
B:10p 2:30p and 7:25p 7:25p
6:10 p 'Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:80 a 7:30 a r 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. «:25p «:2»p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
¦ • " * -Wlndaor
7:80 a 7:30 a Healdsburjg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
¦ . . - .-, Lytton. ¦
2:80p 2:30p ¦* Geyservllle. 7:23p 7:25p
• ¦ .- ¦ Cloverdale.
7:80 al 7:30 aft ' Hopland J 10: 2° *| 1 2 : 2? *
2:30 p| 2:30 p|" and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
I ' I ' WHlits. V ~\
7:S»-a| 7:30 a[' r Bnerwood. I 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8-00 al 8:00 al GuernertlU and 110:20 ¦ 1 10:20 a
8:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp VacaUon. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a . . 2 :^2* 2 :^*
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 8:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p GltmEllia 8:45 p
7-30 al 7:30 a!' • 110:20 a|10:20 a
2J30P1 2:30 pl : - Bebaatopoi. I 7:25 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Kc«a I for White-
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Bnrke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Sprints: at .Geysenrllle for Skagga
Springs • at Croverdale for the Geysera. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs ¦ Highland; Springs, KelseyvUle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrinxa: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs.- Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper i - Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day* a., Riverside. Llerley'a. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn : Heights. Hullvllle. . Orr'a Hot
Springs,! Halfway House. t Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragr.
Westport Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
West port" Sherwood. -Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vllle. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. GarberviUe, , * Pepperwood. - Scotia , and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratea . ; - • «
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket . Of flee, 650 Market . atreet. Chronicle
building; • - ''^SSSSBSC ¦¦¦ -° * • , ¦¦
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
- Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Agt.
— : — j-. — — — ~ : ~~ r ~~. r~
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
?1» SansaUto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OATJOB.
Deeart from San Francisco. ' week days. ¦?
6 30 7^10, 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.- 11:00 « m
?il-40 i- m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:43. 3:15"
i-OO? 4TS5. 5:15. 6:50. 6:25. 7:16. 9:00^ io!^
ii -15 d. m. k Sundays and legal holidays depart
it 7 10 7:45, 8:30. 9:15, 10:00.- U:00. • 11^40
! m 12:20. 1:00. i:46.'2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4-33
B':18!'8:5b. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11 S
P "Arrlve at San Francisco, week 'days. -fl: 17
7-00 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:33. 10:20. 11:03 a. m
12^03 1:25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 8:06, 6:40, 6:15
6 -85 '7:65, 10:08. 11:25 p. m. On Sunday, and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:08.
8 Fcr P Falr'fax. week daya, depart at 7:45 a. m
«-15 p m." On Sunday* and legal holidays at
7L*5. 9:13. 10:00. 11:00 a. ra.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45
?' m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a.'m.' dally — Cazadero and waystatlona.
9:15 a. m. Sundays* only— For Point Reyes,
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caia-
dero, etc.
8:16 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
. TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
1 Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lhti ' t fla taiwuls rrrrri Arrtv©
Ban Krau Cisco r«i sf Barket tt. Ban Franctata>
Week Smn- _,ga 8un- Week"
Paya. days. jfTmSSfSK days. Daya.
!!!.!..! 10:00a V^^^ Eg- 2:05f*11:05a.
10*Qa t%:00 a jBSgxSSv * :35 ' 3:3S r
1:45 r 12 20 r V»^S^ 8:40 p 6:18 1
•:1»r ;l:45r 8:ISr 10:081
.;.7.":..*Mir *V &BOr .........
•TUfrttttTCar. J T . Ttmlatk U 113 TtHsy.
Tickxt J036 MAaxrrtT.(>'octaOhore H*ilro*<D
omcxi land 8abbau» gtx&r, Foot UuXst t±
/^*if~H*^s. Trains leave and are dots
/v^<TTr>^N> to arrive at
ffpTSs£jz\ SAN' FRANCISCO.
VoV *h^t )Cl 7ko * Jci ' t 13> 19<5t
VfTTrtSy/ Fmst Dipot
>> s>V +JS (Toot of Market Street > "
»"» - MAIN LINE. -Aa»rr»
7-OOa VacaTllle. Winters. Ramsey- 7 S0»
7.00a Bentcla, Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7.20?
7.30a Vatlejo. Xapa. Calls wz*. SaaU
Kosa. Martinez. San Ramon 8.20P
7.30a Nlles, Tracy, intnrop. StocK:on.... 7.20P
8.00a Sbasta Expreis— (Via DaTls).
Williams (for Bsrtlett Springs),
Willows. tFrmo. Ited BUS.
PortUad. Tscoma, Seattle 7.50*
8.00a DaTls. Woodland. KnUQ t§ Landing.
MarysTllle. Chlco. OroTlIle 7.50f»
•40a Port Costa, .Martinez. Antloco.
• ;.. Byron. Tracy, Stockton, Xeir-
mas, Los Banos, M e n d o t a,
Armona. Uanford. Vis alls,
Portervllle 4.28*
8.30a Port Costa, Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Goshen Junction, Haa- '. -
ford. Vlsalla. ItakersQeld 4 53»
W-SaA Nlles, San Jose. LlTermore. Stock-
ton, (tilllton). lone. Sacramento,
MarysTllle. Chlco. Red B'.uff .... 4.20*
B.3CA Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. S>
nor*. Toolnmne and Angels 4.20»
8 00a A tlan tic Express— Ogden and K ass. 5 20 a
8.30a Richmond. Martlnes and Way
Stations 6 50s»
10410A The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Omaha. Chicago, lienrer. Kansas
.«.« City, St. Lool* S.20*
10-gOA Vallejo 12.2Q«»
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosnen Juno
tlon. Uanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakersfield. Los Angeles 7.209
12.00m Haywarrf. Nlles and Wsy Stations. 3.20*
tl-OOP Sacramento RtTer Steamers tii.OOP
S.30*» Bentcla, Winters. Sacramenta
Woodland, Willows. Knlghta
Landing, MarysTlMe, OroTllls
aad way stations 10 50a
J 30p Hayward.Nlles and Way Stations.. 750p
4.00PMartlne2,SanK.imon.ValleJo,Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Roaa....« 8 20a
400p Nlles, Tracy/Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4.30PHaywanl. Nlles. IrTlngton. San} 13.504
... Jose. UTermere | U1.S0A
• OoPTh* Owl Wmlted— Newman. Los
Banos. Mrndota. Fresno. Tulara,
.... BakersSeld. Los Angsles 8-504
TS-ZQp Bayward, N'lles and ban Jose ..... 7.23a
8.00P Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 50a
• ¦00p Eastern Express— Ogden. Omaha.
Chicago, OenTer. Kansas City,
St. Louis. Tla Martinez. Stockton,
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12.50*
•.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... » , - n _
. 74H>p Vallejo. Sunday only .........f 7>80 *
7.0CP Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
>_-v. Marttnex and Way Stations 11.20a
7.C0? Keno Passenger— Port Costa. Sal-
sun. Elmlra, Dayls. Sacramento.
Trnckee, -Lake Taboe. Beno.
... Tonopah, Sparks 753a
I.OSPPort Costa, Martlnes. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. • Berend a, Fresno and
¦ - Way Stations beyond Port Cost* 12-20*
8-05P Tosemlte Valley, Tla Berend* and
Wawona 8.50a
8X5p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 13.20a
8-06P Oregon * California Express— Sao-
rameato. MarysTllle. Reddtnc
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.50a
8.10P Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (Soa-
• day only) 11.50a
COAST LINE (Harr»w tiaaga).
(Foot of Market Street)
74«a Santa Crnz Excurslon(Snnday only) 8 1 Op
¦ 1-1 6 a Newark. CenterTllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek. Big Basin.
8»nta Crux and Way Sc»tlon»... 5M*
T3.15* Alvsndo. Newark, San Jose. Lot
Gatos,Glenw*)od. Felton. Boulder
¦ii''' Creek, Big Basin. Santa Crnz.... 8-18*
t2.15p Newark. CenterTllle, San Jose,
New Almaden.Los 6atos.Felton.
7 Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-58*^
4.15p Newark. Saa Jose. Los Gatos tS-55A
J 4.15P WHgat, Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Saturday and Sunday only. *9_55a
COAST LI N E (Broad «.««.).
ty (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6-1 Qa San Jose and Way Stations 8-30 P
t700A San Jose and Way Stations 6-40P
' 7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Eicar-
. • slon (Sunday only) 1030P
8.00a New Altnaden (Tue».. Frld.. only). 4.10*
. 8 00a Tb s Coaster— Saa Jose, Salinaa.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, San Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara. San Buenavsntnra.
MontalTo, Oxnard. Burbank, Los
Angeles. 10.43*
8-GOa Ollroy. Hoi lister. CastroTllle, De! \
Monte, Pacific Grore, Sarf. Lom-
poc 10.45*
8.00a 6»n Jose. Tres Plnos.WatsonTtlle,
Capltola. Santa Crnz, Paclflo
; OrOTe, Salinas. San Lots Oblspo
" and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10*
¦ 10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
II^Oa Santa Clara. 6an Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations «' 7.30p
UOp San Jose and Way Stations 8 33*
tJ OOP Del Monte Express- (except Sun-
day)— Santa Clara. San Jose.
WatsojtTiUe. Santa Cruz. Del
Monte. Monterey. Pacific Grove. *12-15»
140* Burltngame, Saa Jose. Gllroy, Hoi- -
lister. Tjes Plnos,PaJsro, Watson-
vine. Capltola, Santa Crnz. Csv
troTllle, Salinas, Paclflc Grore... 10 45 a
4-30p Pan Jose and Way Stations tS 00a
t6 00p Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos,
Wright and principal Way Sta-
tions (rieept Sunday) t9.00*
|S.30p Saa Jose and Principal Way Station* IS.40A i
6 45p basset Express.— liedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sallaas.Paso Roblea,
~6an Luis Oblspo. Santa Barhara.
Los Angeles, iteming. £1 Paso,
New Orleans. New Tiwk 710a
B.45pP»J»ro, WatsonTtlle. Cspltoia. 1 . 1f) ,_
, Santa Cruz. CastroTlUe. Del -;J°2?"
• Monte. Pacific GroTe \ T1O-43P
18-ISp eaaMateo,Beresford,Belmont,6aa
Carlos, liedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tf.'S*
8 30p S«n Joseand Way Stations. 933a
- 8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .30p South Saa Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
' ltngame. San Mateo. Eelmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Memo Park, and Palo Alto...... 843*
«11 30p M»TfleM. Mountain View. Sonar-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
an Jose..;. t>.45»'
? for Morning. P for Atternoo*. ""
tBandayexeepted. J flnnday «nly. t . >
«. Saturday only. . > Monday oaly.
ADVEKTISOIEyTS.
SICK HEADACHE
« — i PositiTelr cured by
fi A CTTT DC these **itti« piIls «
WMI\ I L l\0 rhs^ also re 1 *™ Dl3 -
BBW _ tezs froa Dyspepsia, In-
L^ITTLE fllgesUoa and Too Hearty
El I \/ C D Eatlrg: A perfect rera-
|;-| I VC.l\ edy for Kzztoess. Nausea.
|vi| PILLS* DrOT-slsess. Bad Taste
j -¦* eg la tb9 Hotzta. Coated
f HWW • Tcejme. Pain la tie Side,
M^^ M^ M " ITOHTID LIVER. Tfcey
regulate tas Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SHALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
CARTErisI CURE SICK H£ADACnB -
yRnriE Genuina Must Bear
U IVER Fac-Simile Signature
g PILLS.
mftfr OEyfEtDP-MGrr
My customer* lnrariablr continue to
r>«tronlz« in*, becauce they set rood value
for their money. I can tave you money
and time on thl» workA
DEVELOPING:
Roll et elx ... .10c (Roll of twelve ..15c
FRXznnxra:
Scllo finish. 3c to fic/Velox finish, 3e to 6e
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In rolli
cf «lx end twelve exposures. Best on the
market .
AUEOO CAMERAS— no better Camera*
made — ¥5 up.
CYKO PHOTO PAPER rive* eplenfitd
results. Prints by artificial llrht.
C«tr»>rs» repaired at reasonable prices.
Mall Ordem Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W PITTS, ' the Stationer. "
1008 itAEKET STREET, dpp. Plfth.
EAX FHANCISCO.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S oacat$
f^USEUM OF ANATOMY?
(i Cft 15aKAlXXTST.lrt.6tB»7ta,S.r.Cd. A
\ tf\ -uJ 1 " L^T* 1 * AnMwaleal Museum la thc \
" /STn*** j**" 1 >*e»kae»«e» cr any owitnct-il A
kWjQ\ tpeMtaa " lleC «W E5t.3*yrtri. Q
0 £J3i*S Cn - «- ! 2EDAH-C'SEASES OF KEN A
0 a MR TiTT^e" pCTS * t *"' r <w by letter. A 6
\ D V M a ****** <w « «» e*«y «:»tm<lrrt«ken. \
urO 11 V MV "*'« PodcraiLonopaYafii
T I II™ "¦¦l*68« MAILED rufcE. (AY
A (i (}. rtiutb\t book for am) \
yjD^JOBPAJf^fcCO^IMI MarrttSt.8. F. 9
: •. .' J - ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE BOWELS
AND DIGESTIVE ORGANS.
V^S^^^^^ Pc-ru-na Cured a Case of Three
SP^d ~^&§$MS&$I Ycars ' Standing After
f- M ( i , / /W^^^^S Other Remedies
V^MwSumP^^^^^!^ " Mothc r*s Improvement Is Re-
\ffi'w W W&i^^^^^J^ markabJe; She Is (Mot Like
¥:''W fl f '^ mmtfz0fc thc Samc Person ." says Her
M 0 MA JJ T y- MARSHALL. Tipton, | 4||
of"t h r^"i!^ ee years with catarrh fflill : W^^^^^' C " ' •
of the digestive organs and bowels. I fflffl iM^w^^^^f^^M'-''^---^
was^unable "to find relief until as a last ifil|||J| \
besan.the use o^Peru^wheT^Was H|ft iM^^tt^HFn^^*
confined to the bed. and can say that I P iimf [lMEM^^^M r
experienced a benefit from the first dose. %llil&m&&¥i£M&^ Wfes
I have taken five bottles in all, and I be- E§$mPll^ligyff£BW -fvfe/-' ' * c i q
Jleve I am cured of my trouble, and am lSS3iufsfil^SBKBHs3MH ~ »r "; ; 'i^ * v *-. t
enjoying as good health as an old lady - J
my age could expect. My aire is 1" BwIHBSB™^^—
I recommend' your medicine to sufferers vrS^SsSmBmAft ~~" ™~~ "~™"
whenever I meet them, and others of my I M^ftttd~\ P^^ JMAfcSffALL
friends are using it with great success. r^^?^*^5u ' "'TlPTO^I^lO.
I will always feel grateful" to you for f^P^f^J ajr^i^K.^
o^rs k! may a D r C a e s Dyspepsiamedicne.dtarrhoeamed-
greatly benefited as I have been. All let- ICine and constipation medicine IS Ot
ters of Inquiry cheerfully answered." n0 a00( f whatever when Catarrh IS
sonVdd1,: rdt0tbeabOVeM " Ma " halrs the cause. The catarrh must be
"i must say with all candor that my treated. The cause being removed,
th fJ >8 r,oV n fi r v° ve^ ent ls remarkab , le - the derangements will disappear.
She ls not. like the same person. She . .
began taking your Peruna and followlne We have on flle many thousand testt-
vour dietarv r^ilationi. »nrtht. .»I^ monials like the ones given above. We
your dietary, regulations, and has stead- can only glve our rea ders a slight
lly Improved during the four weeks' use glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited
of Peruna. I think that is wonderful endorsements we are receiving every
considering -.her. case is, of three-years' month. No other physician in the world
standing." . has received such a volume of enthusi-
Catarrh of : bowels produces slight ul- astic and grateful letters of thanks as
cers, and • these ulcers eat their way Dr. Hartman for Peruna.
through and- cut- off the small 'veins or Write Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
arteries.. This causes hemorrhages. It Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio,
ls useless to try to stop this hemorrhage, for free medical advice. All correspond-
without curing the catarrh. ence is held strictly confidential.
P /^x^\\ wVT^l^C\ w '^' ar^ a PP*y on so^ H
'Lvv^EMJ PEET (/•••feoA fect ; renewthe P las ter |
I V13B.U A'umreJ$3KwV" bathed * Youwiubesu r- I
I \?^S^ lfJ. : it&// rheumatism m thc fect >°r [j
fl \y USE f -^y- For tired or lame feet 'relief 1
IS Allcoclc's Plasters are the original and genuine porous plasters and have never IB
n been equalled as a pain-curer. We guarantee them to contain no belladonna, opium fl
H or any poison whatever. Absolutely safe, wonderfully curative. . fl
4 Never Accept /a [ S u bstitute. qFalls Below the Estimate In Nearly
. All the Precincts.
REGISTRATION IS LIGHT.
Oakland's chief executive does not
believe in women carrying weapons
more deadly than hat pins, therefore
he declined to Issue the permit, al
though the application was accom
panied by the regular fee of $2.
As a consequence of Mayor Olney's
decision Mrs. Porter will 'be forced
to depend upon her skill with the
razor in case of an attack, or else to
secure the services of a body guard.
Although a woman may be fully
capable of wielding: a razors her abil
ity in this direction does not by any
means qualify her to use a pistol.
This is evidently the opinion of Mayor
Olney. who refused to-day to grant to
Mrs. Florence Belle Porter, Oakland's
"only lady tonsorial artist," permis
sion to carry a concealed weapon for
her own protection. . Mrs. Porter al
leged that her husband, Charles Por
ter, also a barber, has made sundry
threats to do her bodily harm and.
while she believes that the tools of
her trade are all right in their way,
she has little faith in the razor as a
weapon of defense, much preferring
the typical weapon of the Western
wilds, the revolver. . «»»» ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 14.
Woman's Skill -With Razor
Does Not Qualify Her to
Wield Deadly Eeyolyers
MUST SELECT
OTHER WEAPONS
PICKPOCKET' STEALS .WATCH— O\ic
LAND, Sept. 14.— B. F. Fredericks, residing
at- 964 Seventh. street,- has reported to the !££
licet that bis pocket was picked • of sT -5m
gaitfr i»rt , Blgfct on tbft Oakland feny.
CHARGES DESERTION.— OAKLAND Sent
14.-Suit for divorce was begun to-dk v £
SENT TO STOCKTON.— OAKLAVD «s» .
14.— William Mayer, the Insane man who at
tempted. to get control of the wheel In th
pllot-houee of the ferryboat Piedmont Mondav
Me e ivin K> toTy?° mmlU . ed t0 St ° CktOn b * J^ffi
SON CHARGES FATHER.— OAKLAND
Sept. 14.— A charge of insanity was "madp
against Philip Morgan of San Leandro to-dav
by his eon, S. T. Morgan, who alleges senile
dementia. Judge Melvln allowed the old man
to go on • his own recognizance, as ° he ' is a
well-known resident of the communltv in
which he lives and the father of seventoen
children. His examination will be held in the
morning. . - : • .' ¦ ¦
The passenger engines formerly coat
more on account of the embellishment.
Now the freight engines are more ex
pensive because they are heavier.
BINGHAM3 IN COURT.— OAXI*AXT\ •!««
14.— The trial of the divorce suit of . SSaM
C. Blngham against Herbert Blnghaza. at one
time business agent for the .Building Trades)
Council of Denver, Colo., was on to-day be
fore Judge Osjden. " She chargaa hlra -wtth'
habitual Intemperance and cruelty. Sb« asks
$73 a month alimony, which be as »"-*+»'g %
bard fight to escape. - ..-.".
The success of last year's masquerade has
encouraged the Associated Women Students
to give another entertainment of the kind this
year, the affair to take place on September 23
in Hearst Hall. As manager of the sports and
pastimes committee Miss Edith Xichola has
appointed the following named a committee of
arrangements: Miss Bertine Wollenberjr Miss
Anne Lee. Miss Ethel Ratcllff. Mim Prances
Hughes. Miss Helen Parker. Miss Alma Bar
nett and Miss Sue Ross.
The executive committee of the Associated
Students last nixht decided that the intercol
legiate freshmen game would be played In
California field, as by October 15, the day of
the game. It will be in condition to use. The
committee will offer a prize of $10 for the
best football show manuscript and $5 for the
best poster. Nat Eddy will be the stage man
ager for the ohow. The song and yell contest
was declared open until September 30.
A shell for the boating crew is about to be
purchased from Cornell University, at a cost
of $400. It will be similar to thoee now used
by Stanford and the University of .Washington
crews In the last spring rowing contents.
The university had two distinguished visitors
to-day, one a Jaoanese and the other a Kus-
Blan. The Japanese was K. Nltsukuri, pro
fessor of zoology and director of the science,
college at the Imperial University at Toklo,
who is. en route to St. Louis to attend the In
ternational convention of arts and sciences.
The Russian was Lieutenant Mariocoff of the
Russian auxiliary cruiser Lena, now In San
Francisco harbor. Lieutenant Mariocoff was
the guest of B. H. Moulphrof '00. who con
ducted him about the campus and exhibited
all the points of interest, particularly the mili
tary department, In which' the lieutenant was
much interested.
President Wh«eler has written a letter of
thanks and congratulation to Lewis Bulkeley,
the yell leader, for the high service* rendered
by .Mr. Bulkeley and his following during the
reception of the Knights Tbmplar in the Greek
theater. * . . :'~ <¦ - , -
BERKELEY, Eept. 14.— The graduate council
of the faculty has awarded graduate scholar
ship appointments to the following^ named :
R. 1/ Pixley scholarship In law; A.
Knopf, Goewey scholarship in natural, sciences;
A. N. Clezhorn, Hilgard scholarship! 'Warner
Brown, Adrienne Orf scholarship.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
William Appe!. a teamster nSMSxxM
at 507H Grave *«tre«t. met -with se
rious injuries yesterday In a runswoy
accident at Taylor and Green strvets.'
His spinal column was dislocated. Tha
team of which Appel had eh&rra be
longed to a former dealer on Stock
ton street. When about to tare tha
unruly horses around tha.etreet ear
ner they bolted, throwing him train
his seat. The Injured man 'was con
veyed to the ' Emergency: Hospital,
where Dr. Stevens bandaged the spin
al vertebra- -and- placed the patient* la
a suspended sling 1 in a eot, where h*
will have to remain for sosxe time.
His Spinal Oofannn DtatocafletL
At the general election in 1902
Gillett (Kep.) received 21,263 votes
Thomas S. Ford (Dem) 19,696, M E*
Shore (So.) 810 and W. O. Clark (Pro)
362. Mr. Gillett has served the people
of his district with so much ability and
fidelity that his re-election by an in
creased majority is generally pre
dicted. It is clearly understood, how
ever, that Caminetti's candidacy will
impart life and vigor to the contest
Doubtless the Republican State Cen
tral Committee will put forward spe
cial effort to secure the full registration
of Republican voters in the First.
Caminetti is acquainted with many
of the voters in the mining counties of
the district, but he is not very well
known in the northwestern region of
the First, counties composing the
district* are: Dei Norte. Humboldt.
Slskiyou, Trinity, Tehama. Shasta,
Modoc, Lassen, Plumas, Sierra, Ne
vada, Placer, El Dorado, Amador,
Calaveras, Alpine, Mono, Mariposa and
Tuolumne. The area of the district is
greater than that of the entire State of
Pennsylvania.
UNKNOWN TO MANY.
Thomas J. Geary of Sonoma and E.
J. Llvernash of San Francisco con
ferred with Mr. Caminetti at Demo
cratic headquarters last evening.
At Democratic headquarters in this
city last night Mr. Caminetti, in speak
ing of the pressure j brought to bear
upon him, said:
Tes. my decision Is final. I am In the fight,
and I will not change my mind after I get
home. The Democratic, party and my friends
in the old Second District supported me with
loyalty when, as a young man, I sought po
litical recognition. They elected me to the
Assembly three times, to the State Senate for
one full term and to Congress for two term*.
I have received very many letters importuning
me to accept the nomination for Congress in
the First. A sense of duty. to my party Impels
me to accept this leadership. In the campaign
throughout the district I shall support the
principles of the Democratic party, but will
avoid personalities. 1 have no thought of at
tacking the President's personality. I shall
devote my arguments mainly to the mining
and agricultural Interests of the district. No,
I was not urged by M. F. Tarpey, national
commltteeman of the Democratic party, to take
the nomination for Congress. I have not seen
Mr. Tarpey since his return from the East.
CAMiNErrrrs views.
The announcement ..of CaminettTs
candidacy last evening: created much
comment in political circles. The Re
publicans recognize that he is the
strongest man in the Democratic col
umn. The nomination was tendered to
him at Santa Cm last month by the
First District Democratic convention,
but he declined to accept it then, on
the ground that he could not afford tha
time or expense that would be involved
in making a campaign in a district so
large as the First. Since that time he
has been importuned by his Democratic
friends to enter the race. The fact
was represented to him that no other
candidate could be found to lead the
party. Hence the Amador statesman
reluctantly consented to go on the
ticket. . ¦'.: .
A. Caminetti of Amador County has
consented to lead the Democratic for
lorn hope in the First Congressional
District in opposition to J. N. Gillett,
the able and popular nominee of the
Republican party.
Caminetti of Amador Con
sents to Run for Congress
Against J. N. Gillette
BATTLE LINE
IN THE FIRST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 14.
The importance of the passage of the
bond Issue was presented to East Oak
landers this evening at Cameron Hall
and men whose names carry much
weight with the residents of that sec
tion of the city addressed the meeting.
Professor L. D. Inskeep was elected
chairman and introduced the various
phases of the bond proposition, with
the men who devoted their attention to
elucidating the different questions con
tained in the call.
Hugh Hogan was called upon and
unqualifiedly gave his indorsement to
the scheme, and in speaking upon the
general subject, said:
.. The people of East Oakland should one and
all vote for every proposition contained In the
call for this election. It means the wiping
out of an eyesore below the Twelfth-street
dam. It means the purchase of the Bather
Tract for a beautiful park.. We In East Oak
land are peculiarly Interested In theee things,
and In the Polytechnlo High School and the
completion of a sewer system. Besides these
things, every park site improves the general
appearance of the city and to that extent adds
to its attractiveness. This Induces home
eeekers and settlers to come and live here
and will make this city a desirable one In
which to reside.
Dr. E. R. Sill spoke of the benefit
generally to the health of jthe city de
rived from public squares and from
such a lake as Lake Menitt. He urged
the improvement of that body of water.
He said that in a recent trip through
the East he had noticed that all of the
most prosperous cities were spending
large sums for general improvements
and urged the passage of every one of
the propositions to be submitted.
Councilman Meese addressed the
meeting and outlined the general
scheme proposed in the bond issue and
was followed by Councilman Wallace,
who explained the benefits of an im
provement needed in the Polytechnic
High School.
F. A. Stearns directed the attention
of the audience to the fact that,
mathematically figured out, the cost
of the tax would be 31 cents on $100,
and that the cost of trips to Golden
Gate Park spent yearly by the people
of Oakland would pay the entire tax
on the bond issue.
Captain C. A. Welch was in favor of
improvements generally, as were J. W.
Evans, Henry Dodge and Edwin
Stearns of the Board of Trade.
The meeting was well attended and
the people by their, generous applause
showed their sympathy with the speak
ers in what' they said. ¦
Duped Into marrying a man who
posed as a mining millionaire, . and
who under the laws of California com
mitted bigamy when he wedded his j
second victim within a year, Mrs. Car
rie F. Cox, who bears the name of
Richard Gage, departed to-night for
Chicago, after satisfying herself that
she had been deceived by a wily old
scoundroL
Gage abandoned his Chicago spouse,
as he did jo. pretty girl of Oakland,
Alma Natalie Schmidt, whom he wed
ded last January. In Oakland he posed
as Frederick Page, and he won the
young woman by "plausible stories of
fortune, which dissolved like fog be
fore the morning sun when a bunch of
hard-hearted creditors swooped down
upon him.
The stories of the deluded women
are almost identical. Mrs. Cox | met
Gage (or Page) at Los Angeles, after
he had fled from Oakland to escape
prosecution on a charge of threatening
to kill his young bride, whom he mar
ried in this city on January 6. As
Richard Gage, a mining magnate of
Colorado, he won favor in the sight of
Mrs. Cox, a widow of eleven years'
standing and about 50 years old. Gage
Is at least ten years older, but is &
finely preserved specimen of physical
manhood. To Denver Gage accom
panied Mrs. Cox, where they were mar
ried on July 12. The Oakland wife ob
tained an interlocutory decree of di
vorce March 18. The Denver marriage
Is therefore bigamous, for the year has
not elapsed before a final decree of di
vorce can be entered.
After the marriage Gage and his new
wife went to Chicago on a visit to Mrs.
•Cox-Gage's relatives. Subsequently
they spent a short time at Geneva
Lake, Wis., where Gage drank 6O heav
ily that there was complaint from his
wife. Thereupon, runs the deceived
widow's story, Gage threatened to kill
her and struck his spouse, afterward
disappearing. This was identical with
hie conduct toward his Oakland wife.
Later Gage and his wife met in Chi
cago, but the husband suddenly left
for Denver. Gage had telegraphed for
her to join him there, but could not
be found by his pursuing wife. She
continued her journey to Oakland to
examine the contents of a safe deposit
box at the Central Bank, said by Gage
to contain $140,000 in gold coin. Armed,
with the box key and a will Gage had*
made in her favor, Mrs. Cox-Gage waa
allowed to ODen the box.* • -
There wasn't a dollar In the vault.
Nothing but thousands of mining com
pany blank stock books, worthless but
for the value of the paper. Blocks of
stock certificates covering issues
of 20,000 and 30,000 shares each were
piled into the box. Satisfied now that
she had been victimized, Mrs, Cox-Gage
appealed tp the Chief of Police for
further light on her spouse's record.
The court's dockets showed it to a
certainty and her description fitted
the Frederick Page of the record to a
certainty.
Gage or Page appeared In Oakland
late in 190S and figured along the street
as a well-to-do mining man. Of .Impos
ing presence and engaging manners,
he made such an Impression that the
exposure ' of his financial misdealings
was a surprise to many people. He con
quered pretty Miss Schmidt, who was
a clerk in a delicatessen shop at Seven
teenth street and ¦ Telegraph avenue.
But her wakening came soon. Page
drank to excess. Creditors began pro
ceedings against him. Deputy Sheriff
Jeff Scanlan attempted to serve sum
mons on him and found his man in a
dangerous mood at his rooms. The
police were compelled to break in and
arrest Page, after his wife had fled
In alarm. ¦
Page deposited $55 ball and fled be
fore ' the examination was set. Mrs.
Page was induoed to dismiss the charge
against him in order that the creditors
might attach the ball money, which
they did, getting a pro rata division.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 14.
Pickpockets who managed to dip Into
the pockets of a large number of per-
Bons In attendance at the annual ses
sion of the Grand Lodse of the Por
tugese society of the I. D. E. S. at
Haywards to-day created great excite
ment, and a man giving the name of
A. J. Morton la now under arrest in
the County Jail here, charged with be
ing one ot the men who operated in the
crowd. A number of strangers were
stopped and searched, but as money
was all that had been taken, to Identi
fy that which had been stolen was an
impossibility.
The occasion was an ideal one for
the light fingered gentry. A barbecue
at which nearly 3000 were gathered was
the order of the midday hour. A bar
at which free beer was dispensed was
much frequented and crowding and
jostling resulted. In this throng It is
thought three men worked together,
and, from the complaints made, must
have cleaned up several hundred dol
lars. Andrew Johnson says he lost a
buckskin bag with $120 in it. Manuel
Foster lost $25.
When It became noised abroad that
thieves were at work in the throng
there was a general scattering, then a
searching of pockets to see if their
money was safe. Every now and then
one would find that he had been rob
bed and the indignation grew apace.
The scene of the barbecue was, at the
end of the electric line and in the town
proper Morton was identified by Attor
ney F. J. Lemos as a man he had seen
pushing his way through the people
at the barbecue, and Marshal Shelling
took him Into custody. This afternoon
he was brought to the County Jail to
aKvait examination. Morton had $300
in his pocket, but nothing further to
connect him with the pickpockets.
The meeting of the order was a suc
cessful one. In the morning there was
a parade, following which came the
barbecue. In. the afternoon speeches
were made by Mayor Charles Heyer.
P. J. Crosby, Grand President F. J.
Rose, A. M. Martin of TVatsonville, and
F. J. Lemos. The chefs at the barbe
cue were Peter Morrillo, N. Frye and
Joseph Godell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Sept. 14.
Merritt Park Will Do Away,
With Eyesore That Exists
Near Twelfth-Street Dam
A. Dingle to Emma, Jane Dingle, lot on SW
corner Thirty-second and Market street* W
110 by S 27.30. lot 12. block 2039,- seme.
land; gift.
H. P. Bancroft to C. B TrockseH. lot 2.
block D. map Eanta Fe Tract S. 4m4 and
agreement.' Oakland; $10.
Blanche I. Ferry (by O. E. Hotchktss. at
torney) to Serena A. Downing, lots IS aad . 17.
block 4. East Oakland Height*, East Oak
land; $10.
James H. "Wallace to E*ra F. Richardson.
lot on S line at Montgomery street. 125 "W of
Summit, W 73. 3 20O, K W X 100, E 23, N
100 to beginning, lots 23 to 27. 29 and 40, block
D, man of now town of Lynn. East Oakland;
$10.
Edwin M. and Agnes E. Catting to P. P. and
Janet Chamberland,. lot on SW line 'of East
Twenty-third street. 275 SE of Twtnty-Orst
avenue. SE CO by SW 140. lots 12 and 13.
block 74, map Northern Addition to town of
Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
Realty Syndicate to Julius D. Kraaciik*
(married), lot 4. block 10, MeOe* Tract, por
tion plat 67, etcL .Berkeley; $10.
A. J. and Sophia M. Border to O6erg« B.
Otis, lots 00 and 61. man plat 5 and ikjcUuo
plat fl. Doar Tract. Berkeley; $10. . -
William H. and Fannie E, C. HArty »
O. F. C&Iberc and Arthur H. Lie**, beftnalnc
at a point os lla* of block 48. map of femtnsl
and land adjacent, 199:2 E from N~W corner
of said block 43. E 3. S 90:11. W 00t J* t»
a point 12 feet distant sootherfr from ceotrr
line of railroad track. B to bectmitngL JUa
meda; $10.
Julius. Carl. '" EJnraa and Herman B. Breuer
to A. Dlnrle lot on SW corner Thirty- second
and Market streets. W 110 by S 27.50. lot 12.
block. 20Ci>. saTiMs ; Oakland: *lf>. *
'Elizabeth E. and WiUiam w. EchoU to Mary
E. Baldwin (widow), undivided fourth Interest
In following: Lot on W line of Morton street.
225 N of Kings avenue. N 50 by W 150. por
tion lots 7. 4. 3 and 6, block 2. Fitch Tract,
etc., Alameda: also lot on 'NW line of Foh
tainebleati avenue. 1 10 NB of East Fourteenth
or Adams street. NE 60 by NW 109:9. block 1.
map Fontalnebleau Tract. East Oakland; also
lot on SE line of Ninth avenue. 123 N15 of
East Twelfth street, NE 25 by SB 123. block
42. Clinton. East Oakland; $— — .
C. B. Rlddlck to Lizzie C. Rlddlck (wife), lot
on S line of Channing way. 170.25 W of Shat
tuck avenue. W 80 by- 8 135. lot 8 and portion
of !ots 6 and 10. block 3, Barker Tract, portion
of plat 68. Berkeley; $10.
Grace L. Lane (single) to Alfred TTood. lot
on N line of Thirtieth »tre<»t, 31IV W of Grove.
W SO by N 140. lot 23. block 2084. map Row
land Tract., Oakland;' gift. • .^c?
Equity Building and Loan Association to
Fred Olbson Jones (single), lot on SW lln» of
East Sixteenth street^ 130 SB of Th!rteenO»
avenue. SE 30 by Bw 150. block 63 Clinton.
East Oakland: quitclaim deed; $10. '
Mary A. Miller (widow) to Frank W. MM«r
(single), lot on W corner of East SeVente«ntli
street and Twenty-first avenue NW 100 by
SXV 40. block 36. San Antonio, East Oakland;
$10.
Edward Hiram or Hiram Edward and AJic*
"Warren to Mary E. Solomon (wife of Charles
E.), undivided half of lot on N"W line of
Eighth avenue, 100 NE of East Seventeenth
street. NE 50 by N*W 100. portion lota 0 to 12.
block 07. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Carl E. and Alma F. Martin (wife) to "Wil
liam A. Kennedy, lot on K line of Spring
street. 241 S of Vine, E 179.65 by S CO. portion
lot 18, block 3. property Berkeley View Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Mary J. and John C. Little to John H.
Hopps, lot on N line of Tompkins (Oregon)
street. 40 E of Lowell (Sacramento), E 40 br
N 133, lot 29. block 30. map Smith's subdi
vision part of Mathews Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Jasper I*.
Toler, re-record 464 D. Ill of lot on NE cor
ner of Vinrfnia and Edith streets. E 100 by N
100 Iot3 10, It and W half of lot 0, block D,
Edith Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Calvin S. and Mary L. Wlnchell to Catherine
McCarty (wife of John), lot on W line of Har
per street, 45 S of Ashby avenue, S 40 by W
122:4, T>lock 8, amended map and resubdlvision
of- Central Park, Berkeley; $10.
Abbie B. and George W[ Fisher to W. B.
Standeford. lot on W line of Webster street,
146 N of Fourteenth. N 55 by W t5O portion
of lot 22, Lander and Casserly Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Peter Tlerney to Margaret Tlern^y (wir»). lot
on N line of Twenty-second «re«t, 23 E of
Linden. E 23 by N 10O. block 634, Oakland:
also lot on NE corner of Twenty-seoond «nd
Linden streets, E 23 by N 100. block 634,
Oakland: a!so lot on E line of Linden *tre«t.
100 N of "West Twenty-second. N 54 by E 123.
block 634, Boardman's Man, Oakland* *1 ft.
Joseph M. Sllva to Lenora. Stfra (wife) lo*
on N line of Thirty-aecond street, 111.-4OB of
West. E 43.32. N 100 W 46. ST. S 40-2T.. B
6.02 S 49.14 Oakland; gift
of lot ii. block 114 Kellersberger"9 Map.,Oak
land; $10. ¦ r •
Kate Jarobsen or Jacobson (wife of • H*ns>
to C W. Wind, lot at Intersection of N Iln* or
Sixty-third street with E line of rlcht of way
of California and Nevada Railroad. thenc»
E 48 N VS2 W 41 S 132, block D.' Amended
Map'of J. Wi Crawford Tract, Oakland; ac
claim deed; $1. - "
Clclly Boarman et al. to Netll* Peters (sin
gle), lot on S\V corner of Tenth and urov»
streets S CO by W 10rt lots 13, 18 and portion
Alamotla County.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Finds a Record of Another
Marriage anH Worthless
Papers Instead of Coin
Thieves Operated Where
the Thirsty Crowded to
\ a Bar for Free Beer
BEAUTIFYING THE LAKE
COMES WEST FOR PROOF
CREATE WILD DISORDER
Chicago Widow Learns She
. Has Wedded a Bogus and
Bigamous Mining Magnate
Pickpockets Bob Many at
Barbecue of Portuguese
Society of the I. D. E. S.
East Oaklanders Explain the
Good That Will Come From
Proposed Issue of Bonds
CITIZENS URGE
IMPROVEMENTS
FILCH DOLLARS
IN A THRONG
GOLDEN DREAM
IS DISSIPATED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CONFRONT HIGH
MUNICIPAL TAX
METCALF WILL
SEE THOUSANDS
OLD REGISTER
WILL SUFFICE
Heads of City Departments
of Alameda Ask Trustees
for : Large ; • Allowances
Grand 3.»emoristration at Oak
land Theater to. Be Given
in His Honor Next Week
Voters Who Have Not Be
moved Place of Besidence
May Tote at Bond Election
THURSDAY IS THE TIME
ESTIMATES ' ABE FILED
FIGFUESAKE SUBMITTED
Peopte Will Come From All
Over the Country to Wel
\ come ]Sew Cabinet Officer
Demands to Be Considered
at | a V Special •Meeting of
the VLbcal Legislators
Campaign Committee Tells
of Indebtedness of Many
of the Large Eastern Cities
The details . of the reception to the
Honorable "Victor H. Metcalf, the newly
"appointed Secretary of the Department
of Commerce and Labor, were arranged
this evening, and it was definitely'de
cided that the demonstration should
take the form of a public meeting at
the Macdonough theater, which will
be held on Thursday evening, Septem
ber 22. An invitation ' will be extended
not only to the citizens of Oakland but
of the entire county of Alameda tp at
tend the meeting and greet the new
Cabinet officer. •
Victor H. Metcalf is the second man
in the history of California to. receive
the high honor'of an appointment to
the Cabinet from the President of the
United States, and It is intended , that
the reception shall be not only a testi
monial to the sterling qualities of Mr.
Metcalf but shall also be a token of
appreciation of the honor conferred
upon -California by President Theodore
Roosevelt
The programme of the reception will
consist of a number of brief ad
dresses by prominent citizens of Ala
meda County, Interspersed with vocal
and instrumental music by the Masonic
Quartet of Live Oak Lodge, and Mc-
Bain's Fifth Regiment Band. Senator
George C. Perkins will preside.
The arrangements for the demonstra
tion are In the hands of an executive
committee the members of which are
representatives of the organizations
under whose auspices the reception
will be given. The • members of this
committee- are: EC* C. Cap well, chair
man; Fred M. Campbell, "secretary; A.
Jonas, M. C. Chapman. Edwin Stearns,
Theodore Gier, C. J. Heeseman, James
A. Johnson, George "W. Arper and
George D. Metcalf.
BURSTING TUBE INJURES
EXPERIMENTING STUDENT
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.— Should the
City Trustees comply with the demands
of the heads of the various municipal
departments and allow them what they
estimate they will need for another
year, it will be necesary fur the local
legislators to fix a tax levy of $1 60 on"
each $100 of assessed valuation. This
would be an increase of 35 cents over
the present tax rate of $1 35. The latter
is the highest since the city "was incor
porated twenty years ago.
The assessed valuation of Alameda
property this . year is $12,226,407, as
against $12,214,318 last year, when the
amount raised by taxation was $147,
632 58. This year the total asked by the
heads of the various departments, as
now on file with the City Clerk, is more
than $200,000, and is divided as follows:
City Attorney, $1250; City Hall ex
penses, 'including janitor, $1550; City
Treasurer and collecting of deficien
cies, $2829 25; City Assessor, $2156 60;
City Clerk, $1600; expenses extraordi
nary, including advertising, $3250; city
pound. $900; City Justice Court, $1650;
fire alarm system, $2710; fire depart
ment, $22.63£ < ; Improvements to fire de
partment, $11,350; free library, .$10,000;
police department, $19,106; electric light
department, $15,230; grammar schools,
$26,155; high school. $17,024; street de
partment, $31,270; health department,
$3846 37; bonds to be redeemed and in
terest, $33,798 S7; deficit carried over,
$5000.
Included in the demands of the po
lice, tire, street and . electric light de
partments are the sums that will be
required if the employes of these de
partments are given the increase in
pay that they have been endeavoring
to secure: The heads of the municipal
departments have been notified to meet
with the City Trustees next Monday
nighttan committee and discuss the es
timates submitted. This meeting was
scheduled for Friday night, but was
postponed because some of the officials
found that it would be Impossible for
them to be present at that time. The
tax levy will be fixed Monday evening,
October 3. ¦ ..
CLUB MATTERS.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
Glass Cuts Artery In Arm of Miss
alary E. Jones, and She Be
comes Faint.
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— Through
the explosion of what Is known
as- a, bomb . tube filled with super
heated air, • Miss Mary E. Jones,
a junior in "the College of Chemistry
at the University of California, suf
fered a severe injury of the left arm
to-day. Flying glass struck Miss
Jones' arm. just i below the elbow,
making so deep an ' incision that an
artery was severed. A great loss of
blood followed the accident befpre
Dr. George C. Reinhardt arrived to
dress the wound, and Miss Jones be
came very weak. After she had been
sufficiently revived Miss Jones was
taken to her. home at 2305 Telegraph
avenue. ' '
WIFE OF WELL KNOWN
MINING MAN EXPIRES
Mrs. Julia P. Stephen Dies at Her
Home in Oakland From Effects
of a Cancer.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Mrs. Julia A.
Stephen, aged 44 years, the wife of
Charles Stephen, a well-known mining
man of Alaska, died Sunday at the
family home, .' 815 Thirty-sixth
street, from the effects of a cancer.
The deceased was a sister of Mrs. T.
D. Dungan, and leaves, besides her
husband, one son, Harvey A- Morse.
The funeral was held yesterday from
the late residence of the deceased.
Charles Stephen is the owner of the
famous Claim No. 7 on • Mlnook creek,
near Rampart City, Alaska, and his
wife had several times accompanied her
husband on bis trips to the northern
gold fields.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14. — Mayor War
ren Olney has been Invited to name
four delegates from this city to the
Twelfth National Irrigation Congress,
which will be held at El Paso, Tex.,
beginning November 15.
To Name Irrigation Delegates.
'OAKLAND. Sept- 14. — Suit for $20.
damages against the Oakland Transit
Company was begun to-day by Thom
as Gerrie for injuries alleged to have
been sustained by being knocked down
by a car at Tenth street and Broad
way last March. ¦ He states that he
has been permanently injured by rea
son of his injuries, which, he says, are
due to the carelessness of the railway
employes.
Asks Heavy Damages.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 14.
ADOPTS NOVEL METHOD.
Voters whose names appear in the
last issue of the great register need
not re-register in order to vote at the
bond election on Tuesday, September
27, except in cases where the voter has
changed his place of residence since
registering. Deputy District Attorney
T. W. Harris has answered the Ques
tion as to the necessary qualifications
of voters in the bond election in the fol
lowing manner:
The general !aw In the t«ection referring to
municipal electiona states that at any munici
pal election voters registered in the last reg
ister published thall be qualified to vote. This
would seem to chow that re -registration Is not
necessary to vote for the bonds exoept for
those who have removed from their place of
residence as entered in the old register.
This, of course, does not apply to the elec
tion of next November, for which all voters
must re-rcclEter.
The press and literary committee of
the. Progress Federation Bond Cam
paign Committee has adopted a novel
method of proving to the satisfaction
of the average voter that the proposed
bftnds for the improvement of the city
of, Oakland should be carried. The
committee communicated with the
Mayors of 100 cities, inclosing a printed
f(/rm containing a number of questions
as to the bonded indebtedness of
municipalities and other matters per
taining to the issuance of improvement
bonds. The first five questions asked
•were:
:i — To what extent is your city now bonded
for public improvement bonds?
<2— How is this bonded indebtedness divided,
under the beads of:
Streets and eewers?
Parks an<l boulevards?
.Playgrounds?
Public buildir.es?
a — Would your people vote more, or less
rcadilj-. because of their experience, on bonds
lor fnrthtr improvements?
4 — How has the issuance of bonds affected
property assessments?
6 — What fncn.-a-«e or decrease in the normal
tax has resulted from the issuance of bonds?
Answers to these communications
have been received from the ex
ocutive heads of about seventy-five cit
ies, of which number only three were
unfavorable to the issuance of bonds
for public improvement.
I INDEBTEDNESS OF CITIES.
The bonded indebtedness of New
Tork on January 1, 1903, was $461,033,-
T«. The fact that this great indebted
ness has not in any way affected the
prosperity of America's metropolis is
one of the best possible proofs that
Oakland will not be injured by the is
suance of improvement bonds.
A short time ago the bonded Indebt
edness of Boston was JS8.H9.106, and
the citizens of that city have recently
voted to issue bonds for $6,617,200.
The bonded indebtednes of Philadel
phia was $56,337,245, until last July,
when by popular vote it was decided to
increase this amount by $16,000,000.
The Mayor of Cincinnati says that
the bonded indebtedness of that city is
nbw $24,723,000, and ire states that the
people of Cincinnati would not be any
less ready to vote for an additional
issue of bonds as a result of past ex
peri erjee.
After receiving these figures and
facts regarding improvement bonds,
the press committee says:
By the experience of the cities mentioned
and by that by sc«<res of others, Oakland may
¦wfcll be guided. There in certainly no instance
en record where a public park or a boulevard
haa been abandoned or the purchase of the
land necessary regretted. On the contrary, the
cry has been for more and more of these re
quirements for the growth of communities.
The wise and full use of its bonding capacity
Tcay fairly be taken as an index of a city's
progressive and enterprising character. The
lire merchant uses hi« credit to expand bis
business; the live city, likewise, uses its
credit to make itself jnore aura.ctlve-*-tbat is,
to Increase Its growth and bo add to its wealth
and prosperity.
TRESS COMMITTEE PROGRESS FEDER
ATION.
A general meeting of the Progress
Federation will be held at the Board of
Trade room to-morrow evening for the
purpose of receiving the reports of its
cdmmittees on the progress of the bond
campaign.
One Thousand Children to Sing.
BERKELEY; Sept 14. — Mrs. L. V.
Sweesy, superintendent of musio In
the Berkeley schools, is preparing to
have repeated at the end of the year
the concert of -1000 children's" voices
that was so • successful last April,
when a large sum was raised for the
juvenile department of the library.
The songs will be those that are daily
taught the children, and the concert
will be giyen in the Greek Theater at
the University, of California.
Opium Is Found in Clothing, i
OAKLAND, Sept. 14. — A consider
able amount of opium was found se
creted in the shoes and clothing of
four Chinese brought to the County
Jail to-day to await deportation. One*
had the stuff in the toes of a large
pair of boots. A second had a band-,
age over an imaginary sore on his
leg, in which it was found. -The
others had padded the belts of their
trousers with it. Nearly a pound of
it was confiscated.
Child Clings to Runaway.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14. — Eleven-year
old Ruth Huff clung to a runaway sad
dle horse in a" wild ride of a mile this
afternoon, the animal finally being
brought to a stop on Park street by
J. A. Brown, when the little girl was
nearly exhausted and ' ready to fall.
The young rider lost control of steed
owing to the breaking of one of the
reins. /
Marriage licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept 14.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day :• Edward S.
Schaefer, 20, Sacramento, and Delia
Connolly, 20, San Prangrsco; Alec
Cleland, 45, and Anna Stuart, over 40,
both of San Francisco; Manuel Ma
chado, 30, and Ttosa L. Golia, 21," both
of Oakland; John T. Kennedy/ 3 6, and
Mary Wilson," 31," both of , Oakland;
Henry H. Whiting, 28, Pensacola, and
Ethel C. Robertson, 22, Berkeley; Al
fred J- Heidt, 40, and Cellea Dillrrian;
30, both of Sacramento; "William R.
Jollff , over 21, Niles, and Emma V.
Bishop, over 18, Pruitvale.
OAKLAND, Sept 14.— Since the Oakland
.Club has moved into Its present commodious
tnd comfortable quarters at Maple Hall it
eeems to be growing in popular favor, the
meetings being much ' better attended. The
-current literature section" held forth at the
club to-day and the usual array of eilken
gowns was varied by the presence of several
frock coats. The gentlemen were well repaid
for thus bravely invading a woman's club, for
the programme was unusually interesting and
enjoyable. The chief feature of the day's en
tertainment was the reading by Charles Keeler
of selections from his own recently published
book, "Ellin Songs of Sunland." Mr. Keeler,
though lacking the long hair usually associated
with poets, is a typical dreamer in appearance,
tall and slender, with dreamy eyes that light
pleasantly when he smiles. His "songs" ara
rung in a language that old and young may
understand and enjoy, though a serious thought
frequently underlies' the mirthful rhyming.
Mra. E. J. Bartholomew sang a brilliant
"Staccato Polka" by Mulder, responding to an
enthusiastic encore with "Forbidden Music,"
by Gasteldon. She was accompanied by Mrs.
liachrach of Berkeley.
Carl Cutting also sang two songs, "Tha
Dreammaker," by Nevin, and "The Boston
Cat." by Holcomb.
Mrs. Florence Hardiman Miller Is curator of
the current literature section and Mrs. F. A.
Dorsas was presiding hostess to-day, assisted
by Mrs. Georg« Humphreys; Mrs. McMath and
Miss H. Whltton.
Tha musicals which was to have taken place
at the Home Club next Friday for the benefit
of the Social Settlement haa been postponed for
two weeks, in deference to the family of S. T.
Alexander, whose death has been ', a sad blow
to bis many friends here. Mr. Alexander was
one of the Settlement's moat Interested and
generous benefactors, the present school build
ing cwlng Its existence to his munificence.
The muslcale will take place at the Home
Club on Friday afternoon, September 30, and
the splendid programme will probably attract a
large crowd. Mrs. Annia Montague Turner,
Sebastian Lot of Honolulu, Fred Hotallng, Dr.
Hodolph and Alfred McKlnnon will participate
and the list Is surely a promising one. Then
the usual inconvenience of transferring will bo
dene away with, as special cars will run di
rect from Twelfth street and Broadway to the
clubhouse.
The directors of the Oakland Social Settle
ment Include Mrs. S. T. Alexander, Mrs. C. H.
Gorrill. Mrs. Lewis Tashiera, Mrs. R. H.
Chamberlain, Mrs. E. D. Page, Mrs. S. B.
Cheek, Miss Horton, Miss Playter, Miss Alex
ander, Miss Wellman and Miss Moore. \
By the marriage of Miss Julia Johnson
ard William \V. Glddings to-day, Oakland has
loet one or her sweetest singers, for the happy
couple ¦ will ' make - their - home in Newman,
where Mr. Glddings is cashier of the bank.
The Johnson home In Clarexnont was the
scene of the wedding, which was a very quiet
affair, attended by a few lntlmato friends and
relatives.
In the subdued light of hundreds of Jap
anese lanterns t"se Unity Club enjoyed a few
delightful hours last evening In the gardens
of Lakeside Terrace, the artistic home of the
Francis Cuttings. The carrlage-houso was bril
liuitly lighted and canvased for dancing, and,
with vocal and Instrumental music, the hours
fled all too swiftly. .
The Unity Club is noted for Its unique and
happy affairs, much of Its social success being
due to the ¦ of fleers, who are: President, Miss
Addl« Gorrill; vice president. Miss Alice Tripp;
secretary. Miss Laura Moore: treasurer. How
ard J. I'lersol, and the directors: Miss Cynthia
Leet. Bert Quayle and l£m 11 Frltsch.
Miss Estelle Kleeman is entertaining Misses
Maud and Irene Campbell of San Jose, and
several pleasant Informal affairs have been
given for them. Last Friday Mrs. Kl«eman
rave a luncheon to fifteen or more and Mori
day evening she chaperoned a party of young
people at ye Liberty.
A small native son was teft at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Sherman on September
8 by a patriotic stork. Mrs. Sherman was
formerly Miss Llda Fredericks.
Mlsi Etta Eibtn will take a leading part In
a Oenaan play which the Lustpiel Assembly
of Alameda Is planning to giv* shortly in San
Francisco. Miss Eibtn has participated in
several charitable entertainments, always with
great cuccess. She Is a very pretty girl, with
a dellrhtful soprano voice, and would un
doubtedly mak« a success on the stage, should
an advene fate compel her to make her own
fortunes. ,
ALAMEDA. Sept.; 14. — Isle City Council No.
SI of the Young Ladles' Institute will hold Its
first whist party of the season In Lafayette
Ilall Friday evening. The following will man
age the affair: Mrs. J. A. Brommajce. Mrs.
G. A. Dtectanan. Miss Julia HaJtion, Miss
Alice Lfederc. Mies Eleanor Boland, Mine Ida
Kl*in and MUs Marearet Consedine. Scorer*
have been selected as follows: Misses Mabel
Smith, Marguerite Clifford. May Smith. Marie
Dorn. Melalne Pocock. Irene Tweedle May
McCauley, May Mulvaney, .Kathryn Rogers,
Alma. Koordt. Alice Manley, \Roso Anderson.
Mamie Doberty. Louise Borella, Claire Boland,
Sophie Koordt, Edith Brampton, Marie Koordt.
Mamie Ulckey.
DISMISS CHARGES AGAINST 8 ALOON —
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.-^Tbe' License Commlttae
of the City Council has dlsznlneed the charrea
lodsvd by the police against Moore A MoCol
san. proprietors of the Veneala Gardens,.
CONVICTED OP, BURGLARY.— OAKLAND,
Sept. : ¦ 14. — G«ors« • Schumer, a 20-year-old
youth, was found g-ulKy of burgrlary by a Jury
this afternoon. H« ,wa» caught . prowling
around In the hold of the barkentine Alice
A. - Lee* one nltht last June. ¦-. His " story was
to tha effect that be -' was buntlnar a ' place 'to
sjeep, but the fact of 2 his carrying ; hi* sboaa
In hie hands made > the jurors doubt Ms BlorjV
He.wUJ be.Beatenced SW0«*.. ;,;. , . -i
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
. Precinct registration began yesterday
and will be continued to-day and to
morrow. The day's registration was
rather disappointing. The number of
voters registered in nearly all the pre
cincts is much lighter than at the reg
istration prior to the last election.
In some of the, largest precincts the
registration was extremely light. On
the whole it fell far below the estimate.
" ¦ To-day is the last of the precinct
registration. The booths are open from
10 o'clock a. m. to 9 o'clock p. m.' Un
less the voters are roused to a sense
of their duty the precinct registration
will be hardly half of what it should
be. ...... . ' _ .
. It usually pays much better to put
riches in trusts than to put trust in
riches. • • ' " ¦ .y*;
4
FREE — — : FREE FREE
STERILIZED SALT. -
Two Packages of
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT,
Made In California and subject-
ed to the most searching meth-
ods of scientific manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
ket. V ' . ¦ ¦ •¦ '. •. -
A two-pound package for the
table.
A two-pound package for the
bath.
v Chemically pnre and every .
; package sterilized.
FREE TO WANT AD.
PATRONS OF NEXT;
- : ', -' SUNDAY'S CALIi....;- : >:-;.v
See announcement on Classified
,^ r ... Pace. i ;. ¦;- ;-.vv^
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3TEDA COUNTY
. OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Nortli 77.
AIiAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADV-hJtTISEMEyTS. \ *>
Drink .^f
02* HaH T&v
aft ;B-- "fl
EE523
Baia Glass TJ B
g|^ I Natural }
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
the
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the trouble
end remove the causa.
ZXASEZZrATZOZTS MASS FREE.
All our work is high grade. The teeth
made: in our laboratory are perfect In
appearance and action.
nates, rail Set. -S3 Bridge Work. ... .$5
FOST-GRAOUATEDENTAL COLLEGE
8 TAYI.OR- ST., SAXT FRANCISCO.
873 Washington St., Oakland. >',
Baa Jos*. - - . . Bacnuaieaco.Commencing f . Sunday,' September ¦ 18, ' tho
Southern Faciflo i will 'operate passenger ; trains
via liucin - cut-off; mixed . train : service, .- on*
train -each: wijr< dally, -except Sundays, over
old lln« y between : Ogden ¦ ana : Montello. U No
change '¦ will ..be made i In .the • time of -. through
trains j at. Sparks : or? Green River. • • '
Passenger, Service Over Lucln Cut-Off.
The United States Mercantile De
tective Police Bureau filed three com
plaints In the Justices' Court yester
day. A claim, for $50 for- services
rendered to • the United Railroads is
among them. - The others consist of
claims for $11 60 . and $6 60 against
Owens & Starr, and the Baldwin Jew
elry/ Company,' respectively, for fail
ure to pay .'dues to the San r Francisco
Retail Merchants' Association ' of ¦ Cali
fornia, .of which; . the : plain tiff • alleges,
they agreed to become members. • •
Asks Damages From Railroad.
CALL. BUREAU, ; HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON;; Sept. S 14.— Sensational
charges^', of manipulation and ¦ "Dr.
Jekyl and ¦ Mr. Hyde".-, actions on the
part of Thomas Waggaman were made
to-day by ' W. Gynne Gardiner,' coun
sel 'for, Waggaman's creditors. Gar
diner stated boldly that,' while .he made
no ; attack ' on Waggaman's : honor, he
felt that some of • his' operations as
treasurer , : of :; the : Catholic University,
were Because > of these he
asked that a certain . list' of , notes^and
securities , held ; by Waggaman, aggre
gating ; $1,200,000," should be taken from
: his* possession. - ; As -a - result, Justice
Anderson.' who' is -hearing-' the- case,
ordered the .United States .Marshal for
the District" of Columbia to take charge
of a' portion of tWaggaman's assets. '/
'¦¦ IV has t been 'stated "miTny 'times ,dur
:ing.-:the'•'• hearing s of < the -Waggaman
case. that. money of-^the University and
of * many • of the- Catholic ' clergy ,-was
Special Dispatch • to The Call
The great crowd at yesterday's per
formance of Ringling Bros.' Circus ap
plauded Will Colini, the great whirl
wind dancer, and May Davenport, the
daring bareback rider, as they went
through their respective acts. They
applauded them bepause they perform
acts of. grace and daring that are very,
diificult. They would have applauded
them louder 'and longer had they
known that just before the afternoon
performance Miss Davenport had
plighted her troth to Mr. Colini. While
the whole of circusdom had seen Cup
id's darts flitting between the two^they,
were nevertheless surprised when they
learned that the happy couple had been
married. Congratulations and presents
were numerous. .The', crowning
was a grand entertainment and ball
after, the show last night I in I honor -of
the happy couple.; It was at Eintracht
Hail.
" Mr. Colini and his bride will continue
a At . the request of Attorney George
D. Collins the case of Bernard Ward,
charged . with felony embezzlement,
was - stricken from the calendar in
Judge Dunne's court i yesterday. As
sistant'District Attorney Whiting' in
timated that if ' the intention .were to
get Ward paroled ; steps would be
taken to oppose the petition before
the Parole Commission. , Ward is now
serving a seven years', sentence. C He
was financial "secretary of the Pacific
Coast ' Marine . Firemen's . Union and on
Februry< 27,.; 1899," 5 was" arrested v on;two
charges " of embezzling . the funds of the
\inion.' . He -jwass. tried on. one charge
in ; Judge ' Cook's j court, convicted ': and
sentenced ' to : serve" seven ; years in > San
Quentin. \ ..
Second Charge Dismissed.
Counsel for Waggamaii's
Creditors Scores Late Treas
urer of Catholic University
Cupid's Darts Join Together
Bright Whirlwind Dancer
and Pretty Bareback Eider
DEMANDS LIST
OF SECUR IT I ES
THROWS ARROWS
IN CIRCUS RING
. The chrcus has caught on. Hingling
Bros, had a great deal to say before
they opened up their show here. They
promised big extractions and they have
fulfilled their promises. The big tent
was packed to its utmost capacity at
both performances yesterday and
crowds of people were turned away. •
It is a' bright, snappy show from be
ginning to end. There is not a single
dull moment in the whole performance.
to appear at every performance during
their stay In the city. * -
. DENVER, Sept. 14. — Laurence C.
Fhipps, the Pittsburg millionaire, was
granted a divorce from his wife, Gene
vitve Chandler Phipps, to-day on the
ground of desertion by the District
Court. No defense was made and no
evidence was introduced to support
the charge. The court listened to the
reading of the complaint, which con
sumed about ten minutes of time, and
no answer being forthcoming, ordered
the decree prayed for by the plaintiff.
It was also ordered by the court that
the agreement entered Into between
the husband and wife be made a part
of the decree.
. Under this agreement Mrs. Phipps
obligates herself to convey to Phipps
the property at. PIttsburg now occu
pied by her • as a residence and also
the property, in Denver occupied by
Pbipps as a residence. She also agrees
to assign and transfer Phipps all the
bonds of the United. States' Steel Cor
poration now standing in her . name,
amounting to $500,000.
attorneys, submitted it to the court?
So far as any of us know those se
curities may be a mere shadow."
CANNOT GRANT WRIT.— Th« saprein*
Court yesterday declined to issuo a writ of
habeas corpus ln favor of Hurlburt Wrtzht of
Butte- County, convicted of manslaughter ' for
the killing; of Henry Farley near Orovllle. May
23. 1903. Th« petitioner alleged that th« evi
dence was Insufficient to convict and that tha
writ should be granted In order to sav« th«
trouble and expense of a formal appeal.
intrusted to him because of his Chris
tian ...life and character. Gardiner
charges that Waggaman was not a
safe man to hold the , securities In
question, which, he 1 added, were of a
nature • that . "could be easily Juggled
for the benefit of any uncertain per
son." •
This, list; includes the most of the
securities given to Catholic University.
"If- that. is all right," said Gardiner,
"why has not Wagga'man, through his
Colorado District Court Sets
Laurence C. PMpps Free
From Matrimonial Bonds
Wyman is accused cf having fraudu
lently voted the name of S. II. Mann in
the Seventy-third precinct of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District. The
complaint sets forth that the accused
falsely represented himself to the elec
tion officers as Mann, forged his signa
ture on I he precinct roster and ob
tained and voted a Republican ballot.
It is said that Wyman was working
in the interest at the so-called Ruef
ticket and that Maestretti led the fight
for It in the Thirty-ninth.
The Merchants' Association is draw
ing no party lines in its investigations
and the other prosecutions that It
promises to institute will be mostly
against stuff ers who are said to have
\oted tickets of the Democratic
League, otherwise designated as the
H»r»i>s and Carts. Reports have been
current that James W. Coffroth, secre
tary to the Superior Judges, and Eddie
Graney. the authority on fistic sport,
v.rrc to be charged with participation
VOTED NAME OF S. HI MANX.
Wyman was released immediately on
h«£ arrival at the City Prison, for his
friends. Commissioner Maestretti and
Fire Commissioner George Boyne, had
already arranged the $2000 bail. Ed
ward Ewald of K62 Tenth avenue and
P. Carfagni of 806A Vailejo street were
the eureties and the bond had been ac
cepted in an uptown office by Police
Judge Megan.
More arrests are to follow in the Im
mediate ftflure, it Is said, but the at
torneys for the Merchants' Association
are not ready to prefer the other
charges. Much difficulty has been ex
perienced because the important wit
cesses, the men supposed to have voted
the names of bona ride residents at va
rious polling places, are for the most
part drug fiends and unreliable for the
buildins up a case of prosecution.
They are much of the time in such a
condition that they cannot give intelli
gent information and the investigators
are therefore handicapped in their ef
forts to tet evidence in shape for pres
entation ln court.
The first arrest resulting from the
investigation by the Merchants' Asso
ciation of the frauds at the recent pri
maries v. as made last night. Charles
Wyman. a barkeeper in the employ of
Public Works Commissioner Maes
tretti at Sutler street and Central ave
nue, was taken into custody on a
charge of violating the purity of elec
tions laws, on complaint of Fairfax H.
Wbeelan, member of the Merchants'
Association directorate and resident of.
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District, ln
which the vote stuffing is alleged to
have been committed.
GRANTS DIVORCE
TO MILLIONAIRE
And this complainant, upon oath, accuses
the said Charles Wytnan of having 'commit
ted the said crime, and prays that a warrant
may be issued for bis arrest therefor, and that
th« said accused man be brought before a
magistrate and dealt with according to law.
And said Charles Wyman then and th<»re
upon r.nd by virtue of said false and fraudu
lent representations and In pursuance of the
fraudulent Intent aforementioned did obtain
and receive from the said election officers of
said primary election «ir<»cinct» a genuine, bal
let as said t*. H. Mann, and did there.ifter
prepare said ballot for voting, and thereafter
then *nd there «n the name of said S. H
Mann did fraudulently vote said ballot In said
primary election precinct. In this, that the
said Charles Wyman did offer and give said
ballot so prepared by him to said election
ofneera ln charre of said precinct as the vote
of said S. II. Mann tt said primary election,
end saf<l ballot so offered and given was by
said election officers, at the Instance of said
Charles Wyman. deposited ln the ballot box
cf said primary election precinct then and
there duly kept and used for the purposes of
said elation as the ballot and vote of said
£. II. Mann at said primary, election, contrary
to the form, force and effect of the statute ln
such rr.scs made and provided, and against
the peace and dignity of the pecpl* of the
State of California.
GETS HIS BALLOT.
That S. H. Mann was th»n and there a duly
qualified and registered elector of sajd pri
mary election precinct Xo. 73. That on said
Oth day of August. 1904. at a time when said
poll;ng precinct vu regularly and legally open
for the reception of votes of duly qualified
electors of said primary election district, the
above-named Charles Wyman not bring then
and there as S. H Mann and elector of said
primary election precinct, and not then and
• here entitled to vote therein as S. II. Mann.
<>s!Rning and intending fraudulently to vote
*s an elector at said primary election and In
¦ M primary election precinct as said S H
¦ca, did then and there willfully, unlawfully'
:rau.;ulent!y and feloniously in eaid polling
tireclnct falsely represent to the election offi
cers then and there being the duly appointed,
qualified and acting election officers of said
primary election precinct Xo. 73 that he was
the said S. H. Mann, who was then and there
a qualified and registered elector of said pri
mary election precinct and entitled to vote
therein, whereas In truth and in fact the said
Charles Wyman was not the said S. H. Mann
as the said Charles Wyman then and there
well knew, and was not entitled to vote In
eald primary election precinct as said S II
Mann.
And the said Charles Wyiran. with fraudu
lent Intent aforesaid, did write the name and
residence of said .S. II. Mann, to wit. "S H
Mann. 2Oi7B Bush street," and a pretended
porty affiliation, to wit, "Rep.," upon the
rneter then and there keot and required to be
signed by the legally qualified electors voting
at said primary election precinct.
MANX'S DOUBLE APPEARS
That among other r'ace« In said city and
county where polling-places for said primary
election liad been duly appointed and estab
lished was one at 2S05 Bush street, noar the
southwest corner of Bush and Baker, and
within the boundaries of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District of the State of California,
which »=aM district was and is wholly situated
within paid city and county. That theretofore
the duly qualified and acting Board of Elec
tion Commlsflnn^rs of eaid city and countv
had duly combined the tt-rrltory of the flrit
and fourth general election precincts of Eald
Thirty-ninth Assembly District then and
there lying contiguous to each other into one
primary election precinct for the purposes of
said primary election an«l had designated and
established tald territory as primary precinct
Xo. 73 and had established caid polling-place
therein for the purposes of said primary elec
tion.
That on the second Tuesday of August, 1901
there wa» duly held throughout the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
a primary election for the purpose of electing
dele-gates therefrom to all State, district and
local conventions, at which eald city and
county was entitled to representation, there
after to be held ln eaid year 1904 for the pur
pose of making nominations for officers to be
voted for at the next ensuing general election
therein.
That on the 9th day of August. 1904. in thp
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, the crime of felony, to-wit. fraud
ulent voting at a primary election, was com
mitted to-wit, by Charles Wyman. ln manner
to- wit:
Detective Braig spent the afternoon
in futile search for Wyman, and was
about to start out in, the evening from
the Hall of Justice to resume his ef
forts when he encountered Wyman in
the Central station. The accused had
come to surrender himself, accom
panied by Maestretti and Bpyne, who
had the order of release from Judge
Mogan. Wyman was taken up to the
City Prison and booked, after wh^ich he
was let go on production of the order
by Judge Mogan.
The following Is the complaint pre
ferred by Wheelan before Judge
Cabaniss:
Wheelan was accompanied to the
Hall of Justice in his quest for a war
rant yesterday by George T. Wright,
attorney for the Merchants' Associa
tion, and John A. Hosmer, who has
been employed specially to prosecute
the election fraud cases. There was a
hitch over the technical form of the
complaint, and some time was con
sumed by Assistant District Attorney
Robert Ferral to draw it up anew. It
was sworn to before Police Judge
Cabaniss, who issued the warrant of
arrest and fixed bail at $2000, or $1000
in cash.
SURRENDERS TO OFFICER.
In the frauds. Though their conduct
at the polls has been under investiga
tion, no definite decision had been
reached yesterday, and as to Graney it
appears doubtful wherther any com
plaint will be made. • r
Charles Wyman, a Barkeeper, Is Charged
by Fairfax H. Wheelan of the Merchants'
Association With Ballot-Box Stuffing
FRAUDS AT PRIMARIES
LEAD TO FIRST ARREST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
5
- . A "HAW'SAVER" thatcrowahniBfutortty.
&OIN&1 GOING t! GONEIU
iUfici0E wu'uii'rf.r loncisi wu'sm n.» miti^nfhamm.
mMVCnC A MtADMAM coot tft« rualt of bi» owa nefUct So«« on« tt
1N££D5 A GUARDIAN hom« Should look after Mm. Al first *tt*t of
The business man who Is too busy to took after dandru3-whlcb to a conti ftous dli«a»t— Hr»-
hls health and personal comfort seeds a ruardlan. fcro 1 s Htrplctdt should bt used. It car t% Atn4 •
To notice dandruff and falllnf hair Is btneatb ru9-an4 stops talUnr hair by destroying th«
bis Idea ol business , Later when Incurable bald- dandnifl J*rm. A del»»htfol 1 hatr 4re5*m j.
ness comes be will waste money try In* to ovet- STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY. .
: : : Drag SUm. Sim Sal 10c, tiwps. to HESPieiOC CO, kpt 8. Betntt. Dei. fv a uapft.
NIWBRO'S HERPICIDE
TheORIQlNAL rvcacdy th«t "kJUs tb« DaaJmfl OarHJ."
AypucATioirs at amoMrsrxyr BAJtBiat saoya. .
AD\'JERTISEMEXTS.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would,
touch if he saw them un-'
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears 1 , the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over 100 years.
CARTERSl CCai S1CK HEADACHE>
rT3iTTL£ Genuine Must Bear
I IVER Fa>Simi!a Signature
I PILLS.
SUMMER WM
For health *nd pleasure ; car« your rbeuxna.-
tlnn. xnaUrta. liver, kidney, with the natural,
fcot baths ar.a wonderful atomacb waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
>ner.:e beauty bath*, mineral swtmslcr pond;
climate r^rfect; 30 guests tieepmc out tmonc
the Hr.e«: rr4nc*i rates; booklets at PECK'S
cr cf H. H. McGOWAX. Seller. Lake Coaatr.
lADD'S OW STOKE. |
431 jCZIABXTx SX.
Jjcaien tn firearms. Flshlne Tackle and
tpOT^lr.x Goods of All Descriptions.
1 t.-rw Outfits cf T'r<tf, Baxs, fctovef . L»f- ¦
Cir^ar. Boot* and Shoes. Seed Se posts** for
: o-j-.-t* catalogue. v
OWN is zaotiatalas OAK?
SZ37SKXES EO1IE of Soaoma Co. MEEKER
I'ure wairr. equable clltcatr, lots . sellinr $10
up; cottaces" built by l!eck»r, $50 up; depot:'
etcre»: i'(«taurant; hot*!; pott and express;
irl»rjhc->c. m«mlll; 000 lot» eold: SCO cottages
built, fiaujallto fern". K.S.R.H. M. C. MEEK.
i:K. Cau-.p M»*Vier. Sononsa County.
riniTTIA' !o ' ! o Tark. on* boar from
U 1 1 M I ' V Clt >- N;ne drains daily. Per-
Sl U f 1 I aJ Ject cilmate; beautiful place:
""" ¦ w comfort and quiet; excellent
table. ¦
Adlrr?* W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt's SehooL
HOWRLML, WOODWORTITS fff it
Sit Icz. Purest svr'.r.g water. Cllmata natural
1. i.'c and In-, iterator. Residence 29 years. . $7
! r v-'.-cI.-.. Wood worth Jk MulIer.St.HeIena.Cal.
:tOKTE SEOKE HOTEL — On Tomales
.v>. <jood table and scconunodations. Hou*»
.sB-!1ghted. . Pri«s very reasonable.'- ' MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshall. Martn County. CaL . ,
BCKAsrzn'B g no vn— aoss valht.
Private boardlar: tvmm . reasonabU; Team
meeta Sunday norntsr trains. • Address :HB&
MATT U.VDSAT. Boss StaUon.
FRAGERS PRAGER8 ..*':».. RAGER3 '.'.".'j PRAGERS I PKAGEKS ;
Our Beautiful New Second Floor Is the Mecca for
Womeii Who Care for Style and Economy
I 1238 ' 25 °FalS T Styles 1^ . '. T !» ree Speci a rin m I
I Modeled After women's Most Exquisite Apparel V^K||ilm^l f Fascinatingly Pretty Millinery I
0 Our effort will be to make this new and large department one of °- Onr neu '' dc P artm cnt offers three different makes of new fall if
M the foundation pillars of the "Greater Pragcr Store." And dur- J* r-^f^-'^"- ' ? ,' C Hats to-day at very moderate prices. They are the creation of j
M ing this grand opening sale of our second floor we want as fci| J^SflQ'--/^ H^" '"^ -^vft tX pur own excellent workroom, which stamps them, beyond I
M many shoppers as possible to visit it. and see the wonderful W h^^Mr^*^*^ W~ V' s^\ J • Q 11 * 5 * 1011 ' the "correct thing" for this season. This is the time 1}
M styles shown. Special prices have been made on. a number of f \iM *<(%^ A i) \^ •'\ 1 ' J^'g every woman is looking for Millinery, and these low prices, If
y importations that are certain to interest every woman ready V fjLf" '= j^^ivV therefore, will undoubtedly prove a great attraction. ||
| for her new (aii and winter outfits. ¦ - ' Hats Street. Tnrbans NewBeavers I
* fj t * : 1#/*'^^> V v '*^»v" x^'' ?} v " -j "^"^ n^. A.. • W0 4 90 4^ 00 pj
s a* *% f\P; — New Plaid Waists in beautiful broken plaids, ln colors of rf 'r^L'f'iM v 4 v '£m. ?^~ *"*¦*"'•—> • V{ !^k "¦¦¦¦' *L. ~JJ ll
H Ji£i 7J black, red, blue and green. They are perfectly tailored and *? )*^ff^- * a *»«sv".^ »J\ fc^"" «?3 . A- 3 ola Wra «J m. \J «ra m1» - - J \ M Ij
a *pw« r have new sleeves and the latest stocks. ¦ ; Vi llT^'"'*; 'fcj^ 1 . -i -'. m *r ~~ w^ rj
H CREPE DE CHINE DRESSES. >^||^S,V"^'l ** *^ Vjl^ Two bj* tables have This *is extra special All the new |j
1 C3O CA -These are made of an extra quality Crepe de Chine. The S^^'^'k^^^m^^' SSs^S.'Sft been f J"^ d " "^ S^Teni^cSJ: |j
rl AjZ.jU waist is exquisitely trimmed In various ways and the skirt inished by our mi Ptreet Turban that n Resedl etc li
M 4>*J^.^V/ is made very' full and has a silk drop to match. The col- W#§l*^i^P?Ji : ' :^W^ -M llnery cxperA They is worth considerably have been II
g ors are black, white, red. navy, light blue. A^WS^m^m M^^^^^ are a » nf>^ and sho^ mOre tha^ the price worked Into |
ra TrtTiDTCT r>r\ a tc j /i^Jj^B^^^^-.i^^iyl'-it^^^i'ieSi tlie season's latest we have marked. these pretty •!
Eg TOURIST COATS. ' HK^w'^^N^^P ideas. There are some They are made in Beaver Hats. H
H CC AC t0 S24.95— The display we are making of these beautiful JBS^^fflSR^^^^^B^^^ra - -Turbans. Gains- all sort* . of combina- They are just M
U >:> V5 Coats is a part of a new shipment Just delivered from the boroughs Sailors, tions of felt, rnaline. the shapes for 5]
ffl 43^.7^ Kast The Coats are 42 to 45 inches long. ' ,.« Hats, etc. an velvet and taffeta; y ou n r ladles. |.|
m infinite variety from all are nicely trim- and were made U
a CORSET COATS. which to make your med and designed in for them par- II
§jjj d*(\ (\J2 — w< * consider this an exceptional offerinK in Corset Coats ' ' i{
U JrjJjO w hPn y° u see tho high quality of materials used you will ~~"" — — I
I on-ert cioth^n^^'li^ iK^rwilh^kinn^^aVan 1^ 1 . Specials From Our Silk Great VeU CA. H
I The regular price is $12.50. and Dress Goods Spedd :^^C ft
I "PETER THOMPSON" COATS. S _ ======^^ A5c|p We wlU^ace on sal^ to-day for I
a CC *7C — These Coats are made specially for misses or small wo- AISIc I t ne fl Ta t time some unusually B
I *•>•«•> ™«*t&£^?i$?r? l £l&y h^t$^ T L h y ey ha a v^ Th "« •« irresistible values for pretty Tuxedo Veils which are |
M emblems on the sleeves. » ? this. sale. Every one of our made ln a combination of ways, gj
9 ' __^_ ! ¦ f*V ¥A/*lt D Black Taffeta offerings is There are some with chenille ||
H /"**C!#C1* 1 IlCr© Will A#C soId with a Ruarantce. \ dots and others with large che- ||
p oreat o<U6 01 ocimples of black taffeta nllle dots on the border - The v t
M wv .• . . • • . • «« , r" 7* ,' ' are a^ yards long and are 1
I Portieres, Curtains and Couch - I J3 69 n c c ; h S aTe G P u rtc r e ant ff d ..yf!^ 49c made m bi aC k. b rO w n and na v y I
Ej __ 27-lnch Value 11 00- sal- »ip. I colors. It Is no exaggeration to II
@ Covers Tloiixcr prlce 8ay theseVeils cannDt be^sht I
a V^WCaO OUlllCllUll)! 1/V/lllg 36-inch— Value 51.35; price.. QO« for less than $1.23 at any other E-
!| (Second Floor.) " store - |
H We have bought the entire sample stock of the Brownley Manu- I -^ OPERA SATIN. | FaiiCV *\ CT-s* fi
H facturing Comoanv of Philadelphia— the largest concern of its I QC« S .. ya*d— 27-Inch Opera Co11nr« &+J\s R
| kind in the world. We. got it at a great sacrifice, and to-day A* Dh.^J. ©DC rt?' TnT o" mu VrfOUar5> t fej
y start a great sale in the new department. , •. /tlO ETl GLjLSH O ! that we guarantee will wear ex- vlnpt %tork« alrt f,I^ »« «T a^ «
H ¦ continnnllv iwpII fAlor« nvim rancy SMOCKS ana JUSt as many C1
fl LACE CURTAINS. and black. one is assuredly new They \
| IT. each-^his includes all styles of Nottingham. Irish Point, Ara- \ '?'. ¦:¦¦ . , . SANGLIER SUITING come ln effect* such as "Buster N
B 15C Wan. Point deCaaisand a dozen other famous makes. There I - j bAWUUtK bUlllNU. Brown." "Plff Paff Pouf." etc. It H
H , ~ «s only one of a kind, from 1 Vz to 3 yards long. Besides those I ¦ , C A^» • yard— This Is a very j s the entire line of a prominent B
EJ at 15c, we have others at 25c, 33c and 48c. They are worth up to S5.00 tT^^s*. n Aa , SNr» strong value of a 3S-inch manufacturer, who made them FJ
iH Pacn# 1 -B JUFa.lf ' "^^ 3ll-wool Sanglier Suiting. to sell for 35c and 50c. i-I
I $1.00 5S^i^ " = —= !El% ; i4>E?Sl^- Lining Specials I
I J on«y one of each kind from the Krownley Manufacturing - reduced 15c. yard— 36-lnch Spun Lin- El
g Company, and some of them are marked to sell for from S2.50 to $15.Ool BROADCLOTH. 7n lrlgfln black only. Regular |j
M PORTIERES. FinN'T MKQ1T O5 * yard— Black and Colored price 12 %c a yard. g
Ed M . - Th*«« pnrM.wi o^^ oil n ** ~ o t ,- • 1 L/Wli 1 lYlloo 11. rt^C Broadcloth that is so much 4*%1 a yard— Mercerized Perca- |
!H C1 OC r~J 1 J?*® V 0 ' "'« r ". a^ e all odd ones. Some only half a pair. wv in vogu* this season can I/9C line, ln all colors and fast £
bj 4>1.^J »«i oftLm th,v «r, I 1 ! Savin , (ri an > d '' y° u t can make ,. ? , " be had at a big saving during lfil2^ black. Suitable for suit lln- R
! l we are offerine we havl otherSA §Uf ft lf a f i . r !;« Be8l ? eS ., t « h L special this sale. It Is just the material ings and drop skirts. Worth B
I m we are onerinsr *e nave others at $1^0, 31.95, $2.35 up to $10.00. ; ¦ f or your tailored suits. regularly 20c a yard. i|
I 1 Beautiful NeW Muslm Underwear News of Household and Crisp Bargain Facts From Our I
I Shown for the First, Time This Season K!t *asement S De T^" 1 NeW Boys' Clothing Department ' I
«. This is a model department in every way now on our new second floor. I* s always possible to find money- Everything now in readiness for a tremendous fall business. Extra |3
jg It is situated across the rear of the store, and splendidly lighted and saving opportunities in this section salespeople have been secured, and every facility for perfect fitting fl
: I ventilated. A deal of attention has been given to displaying the Sme^wlifn SalfiraSSsi instituted. The price values are just as great as they have always j|
'M goods, and shoppers will find every convenience and facility for the prov'ements are being made. been in this section when it was downstairs. j|
I H best buying here. a \ am . _. . ... . . . . i qttttq h
h rnDOi: , T »^. Clothes Wringer, with wood- bUilb. f|
H J&SS& LOKSET COVERS. en frame. This is an excellent tf«<% / n — Boys' all-wool Sailor Suits; one of this B|
1 W^ &fir> 1 !l 1 W^ 1M ' ttattaw value that cannot be had for less $£AD ' /{&& H
i laFj TOW- e P f ™" t t ;f"d ck y°ke. They have fan- than $2.50. offered in this or any othor local store. They .ire (^--f G
I WC holesYrfeXd^i^^^^^^ 4Oe_Washboard, made . of glass; jor^^j, >1 jro» , ¦ J to 10 years, and are regular T* rf ¦ f
wl Jsnc \. worth 65c. regular 50c value. ,i"-7"? ' " M
1 /r$^L CO^» -women's soft Nainsook. Corset Cover- 2a «-"|*or another quality and Stvle OVERCOATS. /gfl&IfiR
M I '/(ViTIm DoC yokes have double thiead, Valenciennes ot Washboard; worth .15c. rf« 5 r\n —Extra long Oxford Overcoats, neatly A®?. ' M*«?>A U
I -I/!™ wash^o^^g^ar^e'l^sr WUh "^ ''jnd'^oi * y^^^&rlsM^J^ * " " J^t'Wm 1
I t! (> !\k ' . NIGHTGOWNS. the"se aZs can .be"' raised a^one J3 QC 5S^v.?^SrdSSr*A «^ I^Nf^ I
y /k S I'^Sk t*- ¦ u < xt, u time< Regular $r.oo value. »P*'* /fc/ some coat for the little fellow, and sells H&Il ¦ ,ii;:rf^B» M
I /fWii' # 98C s^lng 10^^^ regularly for J5.00.
m II ' w i ' / edged all around with narrow embro'iderv o.Oe — Sleeve irons, in two sizes, for tf^ (\V — This is the very newest thing ln a Rus- /7?»-\>c£C2
i // and are easily worth J1.50. J> children's dresses and fancy shirt V&7J $£ c g™ c^£Si t g£ * st U - 00 VBlue /fM^^% H
I // » uZ^l£tfu^ b^^%^^j£ aSc-Wire Window Screens. . guar- *»'™ ftwTJ? £fi?ti&£?pi **$. £Z |
If // V\ ¦ tf«| AQ — Women's Night Gowns, made of good S3c — Coal Hod; worth 35c . . KNEE TROUSERS. |7 ll H
H // » V »pl»TfcO fn? b K Ic^. yoke JJ-t Guipure embroidery 8c— Dust Pans. " in —Boys* good quality Corduroy Knee Pants* M- |% v M
M tt-S V flni9h#.fl wHh iV£ S ' « They , have lonsr sleev es. 23c— Dust Brushes 4.lC 1° SW and brown. This Is a regular 50c £j %X Vj
i ZSSS**. '. SlarnriMof thZS ffl * a " d " a "°w lace. Reg- . - ~,,, r " S , ¦ . ' JW kind and can be had at this reduced price HJ «
M . -"^ y »"ar price of these gowns is $2.25. 5c— Ball of all colors Twine. for a fe^r days only. . • ¦ . • aTed Sullivan Is Quietly Making Ar
ranjjements to Brine Ills Team
to Southern City.
CINCINNATI PLAYERS MAY
TRAIN AT SANTA BARBARA
Tigers Win After Thtelman Is Out for
Interference.
PORTLAND, Sept. 14. — Poor ball
at critical moments and a yellow de
cision by Umpire Brown when he
called Thielman out for alleged inter
ference with the backstop at the
plate militated bo strongly against the
Portlands this afternoon that they
lost the initial game with the Tigers
by a score of 4 to 2.
Hurley essayed to catch and as he
is not a good backstop he fumbled
the ball. One run. should have : been
cut off when Lynch collided with
Hurley, knocking the ball out of his
mitt Dugdale has signed Dick Boet
trger to help out behind the plate. The
Portland — i Taooma —
.AB.R. H. P.A<t ;AB.R. H. P.A.
Fpncr, 2b 4 0 0 1 B ; Doyle, rf 4 1 2 2 0
. Hurley, c 3 0 1 B o Shehn, 3b 3 0 0 1-1
1 Ndeau. If 4 0 0 3 O.Nrdyk.lb 4 0 0 10 0
I Weed. Ib4 0 0 12 2iKagan. s4 0 1 3 2
i Beck. 3b. 4 110 2;Lynch, cf 4 2 2 1 0
Clynes,rf 4 1 2 2 0 Casey, 2b 3 1 1 l 2
Drnan. cf 4 0 2 2 0M*Lgn.lf4 0 0 10
Rymnd. i3 0 O 0 2'Grahm, c3 0 17 1
¦ Thlmn, p3 00 2 . 3 Keefe, p. 4 0 0 0 2
j Totals.33 2 1 ' 6 27 14' Totals. 33 4 7*26 8
I •Thielman out for'lnterference.
j RUNS AND HIT8 BY INNINGS.
( Portland 0 00 0 0 2.00 0 2
j Base hits. 11010300 0— 6
Tacoma 1 0 02 00, 0 0 1 4
I Base hits...... 2 *0 0 3 1 0 0 0 1—7
j fifcS SUMMARY.
I Sacrifice hit— Shephan. Errors — Hurley (2),
Raymond. • GrLham. Earned runs — Portland 2
Tacoma 3. Stolen bases— Drenaan (3), Casey"
and ' Graham. Bases on ; balls — Off Thielman
l;.oft Keefe; 2. Struck out — By Thielman, 4;
by* Keefe;- <Lv. Two-base hits — Lynch and Beck.
Left en bases — Portland j 6^ Tacoma . 0. ' First
I base on .errors — Tacoma 1. Time of game
One hour and' forty-five minutes. Umpire-^
Brown.
BROWNS BLAME THE UMPIRE.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Dart, Grace Elliott,
Swedish Lady.
Second race — St. Blue, Idssardo,
The Hawaiian.
Third race— Dalvay, Port Royal,
Felipe Lugo.
Fourth race— Tokalon, Kurtzman,
Bl^r Ben. -
Fifth race — Proof Reader, Ebony,
Charlie. Miller.
• Sixth race— Dungannon, Atlantico,
Niaxus.
Seventh race — Cigarlighter, Devout,
Natador.
; Condition of the track— Good.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the. New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Auto Hod, Ike S, Loch
invar.
Second race — Ostrich, Reville, Dim
ple.
Third race — Gay Boy — Major Pel
ham, Counterpoise. . .
Fourth race— Divination, Collector
Jessup, Waterside.13ggp
Fifth race — Carbuncle, Africander,
Duke of Kendal. , <
Sixth race — Zeeala, Heart's Desire,
Blucher.
Condition of the track-— Slow.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Hawthorne
follow:
First race, five furlongs — Grace Elliott, Ethel
Barrymore, Bashford Belle. Margaret H, Dart,
Harum Scarum. Mary Edna. Princess Zula,
Long, Swedish Lady, Yuma. Leona'Lee, Annie
Alone. Maesacre, Bessie. Vasey. All carry
1C5 pounds.
Second race, one mile, selling — Trompeuse
105. St. Blue 106, Arab 105, Ltssardo 105.
Lida Leib 105. The Hawaiian 105. • Chocka
yotte 1<>5. Salivate 107. Aromorera 108, Sing
ing Master 110, Alamode 110, Octo Cafe 113.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse— Felipe Lueo 97, Dalvay 97, Sir Hugh
100, port Korai 112.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Tho -Fleetwood
handicap — Gypzene 05, Kurtzman 98, Nannie
Hodge 103, Ananias 106, Judge Himes 108,
Floral King 110, Beau Ormonde 112, Delagoa
117, McGee 119. Tokalon 119, Big Ben 120.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — My Jane 105,
Cj'prienne 105, Watermelon 105, Woodlawn,
Belle 105, Ebony 108. Gold Banner 108, Punc
tilio 110, Proof Reader 112. Ben Heywood 113.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Dutiful 100, Sweet Tone 100, Louisville
102, NlaJius 104, Dunguinon 104, Voila 104,
Rossmond 107. Atlantico 107, Casava 107,
Paramount 111.
Seventh race, five and a half furlongs, purse
—Kate Zitt 100, Down Patrick 103, Matador
103, Eckersall 103, Devout 106, Michael Byrnes
106, Florentine 106, Bowling Bridge 106, El
Otros 106, Cigarlighter 110. Alcor 110, La
Londe 111. .
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Williams Is Wild and Erratic and
Runs Come Fast.
SEATTLE, Sept. 14.— San Francisco
broke Seattle's winning streak this
afternoon. The Siwashes could not do
anything with "Jimmy the Whale."
With perfect play they would have
been shut out. Leahy gave Seattle
orte Tun by a passed ball and a wild
throw to second. Waldron tried to
catch a low drive to center which he
should Have let go as a single. Instead
he failed to reach the ball and Frisk
circled the bases. Williams' errors
were responsible for three of San
Francisco's runs. In the sixth San
Francisco bunched five hits and went
flying around the bases. Score:
Beattie — 1 San Francinco— -
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
VHHn.cf 4 0 12 OlVBrn.lb 4 1 ,2 13 0
Mchlr.Zb 4 0 14 3 Hldbrd,lf 4 2-200
Delnty.3b 4 1110 Waldn.cf B 1 2 6 0
Frisk.lf.. 3 115 0 Meany.rf 4 0 110
Blksp.lb 4 0 2 3 3|(rwin,3b. 3 2 0 11
Smith.rf. 4 0 12 OiAndsn,2b 4 1 2 0 S
Hail.ss*.. 4 0 0 4 0 lochnr.ss 5 0 14 3
U'ilms.p. 3 0 0 0 4 Leahy.c. 5 0 13 1
Wilson, c 4 0 0 6 1 SVhalen.p 4 1/10 1
Totals.34 2 7 27 11 Totals. 38 8 12 27 11
KtTNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .1 0 01 0 0 0 0 O—2
Base hits 2 0 0 1 1 O 1 0 2—7
San Francisco ...0 0030500 0 — 8
Base hits 1 0 2 2 0 5 0 1 1—12
*• SUMMARY.
Errors— Blankenship, Williams 2., Meany,
Leahy. Earned runs^ — Seattle 1, San Francisco
4. Two-base hlts^ — Leahy, Whalen. Three-base
hit — Anderson. Home run — Frisk. Sacrifice
hits — Hildebrand, Meany. Anderson. Stolen
bases — Hildebrand, Waldron. Irwln. Goch
nauer Leahy. Bases on bells — Off Williams 2,
oft whalen 1. Passed ball — Leahy. Time of
game — One hour and 66 minutes. Umpire —
McCarthy.
EASY VICTORY FOR UNCLE.
The football season was formally
opened at the University of California
yesterday with a game between the
frvshmen eleven and the Oakland High
School team. It was the freshmen's
game ?t th<» end. the score standing
6 to 0. but that does not tell th? whole
talc, for the Oaklanders were not as
hopplessly out of it as that zero would
indicate. * As a matter of fact Oakland
came near scoring twice and once only
a whisker separated H from five points.
If nothing else the game demonstrated
that the Oakland team has a good
change for the championship of the
Academic Football League.
As for the freshmen, the game did
not amount to much. It is too early
in the season and there were too many
of them tried out to get a line on what
they will do. When it comes to mere
bref this year's pquad seems to have
a pood deal more than last year's,
which augurs a good stiff line any
way. The "heady" part of the game
will all be brought out later, and with
puch a trio of coaches as Hopper, Greis
bcrg and Mini, there should be some
good football developed.
About the only man who showed out
above the rest yesterday was Sperry,
the Modesto High School boy. who has
already done something with the
weights on the athletic field. Sperry
has the height and breadth and width
and these, combined with grit and a
good head, seem to make him easily
the best of the squad. There are oth
ers, however, who will ' show better
form as the season advances, among
them Twitchell and Booth at fullback.
Parsons. Brown. Golcher and Snowden
at halfback, all of whom were tried
out.
The freshmen started off well enough
in the game by hitting the line hard at
once. Thev managed to get the ball
o\er the poal line in the flrst five min
utes. This achievement was accom
plished largely through Sperry's
twenty-yard run behind good interfer
ence. After that Riley kicked the goal
and made six points.
This ended the scoring for the day,
the weakness of the freshmen being
due mostly to the frequent changes by
the coaches. At the end of the first
half the ball was in freshmen hands
on the Oakland twenty-yard line. The
fierce play of the Oaklanders kept the
freshmen back and twice they got the
ball by preventing the freshmen from
making; their yards.
In the second half the excitement was
largely augmented by the spectacular
performances of Ghiradelli, the Oakland
quarter, who made two thirty-yard
runs and nearly got over the line.
Kendall stopped Ghiradelli the first
time on the fifteen -yard line. It needed
the whole crowd to do it the second
time. After the flrst run Oakland tried
to kick a goal from the twenty-yard
line, with Captain Bramhall as the
kicker. The ball just missed going be
tween the goal posts by a mite.
The rest of the second half was
foujjht out in the middle of the field,
neither side getting much of an ad
vantage. The line-up of the elevens
was as follows:
Freshmen. Positions. Oakland.
Allen Center Bramhall
Kittcnbach,
PirnlcoU R. — Guard — L Davis
Kerr- Foster L. — Guard — R Langan
Piley .* R.— Tackle— L Havens
Richard son.
Stow Right tackle Greeley
N*vman-llarris .R. — End — L Livingston
J:cch*rais.
Millard L.— End— R Spangler
HMTiott-KwiCall ..Quarter Ghlradelli
Slurry- Parsons.
Bro«-n R. — Half — L Jackson
GK'fher-6nov.iion L. — Half — R Countryman
TTrit<-h<;:i-Booth Full Stow
CARDINAL FRESHMEN TO PLAY.
Will Line Up for the First Time
Apains* Palo Alto Eleven.
STANFORD, UNIVERSITY. SepL
14. — The first football game of the
season will be played on the Stanford
BTidiron to-morrow afternoon, when
the cardinal freshman team will line
up against the eleven from Palo Alto
High School. There will be no reg
ular freshman team, but every man
on the squad will be given a chance
to play for a few minutes. The show
ing of" the men to-morrow will largely
determine the men who will make up
the first team, which will play the
strong team from Santa Clara Col
lege next Saturday.
The line-up of Palo Alto will be:
Tomasini. fullback; Clark, right half;
Jordan, left half; Fletcher, quarter;
Wagtiey, left end; Gossett. right end;
Burcham. left tackle; Thomas, right
tackle; Tyler, rijrht guard: Arnott,
left guard; Van Ebbea. center.
A short -man aiways likes to stand on
his dignity.
Dunleavy was the first man to take
a wallop at the leather in the sixth.
He lifted it out to left field, and pretty
hard at that. Then along came Mr.
Schlafley. He fouled off about a dozen
and each time he hit it Harder. Finally
he landed right and that ball never
traveled so fast before. Schlafley
paused for a moment at second, but
moved directly when Kruger pushed
another mitt warmer past Mr. Smith's
profile.
Streib must have made a bet that he
would hit the ball harder than . any
man In the league. A good one came
floating up to the pan. Zing! Out to
the flagpole for three sacks. Then
along came Devereaux, Byrnes, Jones
and Ganley, each with a wallop In his
club. Six in all and the game was
really broken up.
The event was a memorable one for
Mr. "Bumpus" Jones. It was the flrst
time he figured as a winner since he
contracted to take money from Uncle
Peter. He pitched fairly good ball, but
would probably have also ran if that
torrent of binglers did not come in
time to save his life. The score f
Oakland — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Frncks, » 5 2 3 2 2 Bernrd.cf 4 13 2 0
Ganley.rf 4 0 12 0 Flood, 2b 3 0 1 2 1
Dunlvy.lf 5 Oil 0 Smth.3b 3. K2 1 2
Schly. 2b 5 2 3 7 1 Crvath.rf 2 0*0 1 1
Krugr.cr 4 2 2 2 0 Chase, lb 4 0 0 8 0
Streib.lb 5 2 3 6 0 Toman,* 4 0 114
Dvrux.3b 4 12 0 3 Rofs, If 4 0 0 5 O
Byrnes, c 4 1 1 3 2 Eagar. c 3 1 1 4 0
Jones, p 4 1 3 1 0 Hall. p.. 3 0 0 0 3
Totals.40 11 19 24 8 Totals.31 3 8 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Loe Angeles 0 0 0 1 2 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 1013011—8
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 6 1 2 — 11
Base hits 1 3 10 16 2 5—18
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Francks, Smith, Cravath, To
man. Three-base hits — Streib (3). Errors —
Dunleavy. Schlafley, Kruger. Toman, Cravath,
Hall. Two- base hit— Schlafley. Sacrifice
hits — Smith. Kruger Ganley. First base on
errors — Loe Angeles 1. First base on called
balls — Oft Jones 2. Left on bases^ — Oakland 6,
Los Angeles 6. Struck out— By Jones 3, by
Hall 3. Double play — Toman to Flood to
Chase. Time of game — Two hours and 5 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
The Commuters worked off the six
sixty-six combination on Mr. W. Hall
yesterday at Recreatfon Park. 'Twas
an uneventful sort of a struggle and
one that dragged , badly till the great
big explosion was pulled through in the
sixth. It was six runs, six hits and
the sixth spasm. Mr, Hall looked
pretty rocky when he lined up for
work in the first, but his wpeful ex
pression after the sixth would be a
prize winner at any human interest
ehow.
SECOND' RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Worthington, 104 (Dgn) 5 1 1%1 6
16 to 1— First One, 99 (Perrine). 1 4 4 2 nk
6 to 1— Marchioness, 09 iRice). 6 2 7 3 3
Time. 1:19%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. M. Geldblatfs gr. g. <5) by St.
Julien-Ida Gleen. Vulcaln 102. Carley's Dream.
104. Tribes 104. Joe Doughty 104. Thisbe 104,
Kelmoncliffe 104. finished as named.'
THIRD RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds:
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— The Hebrew, 05 (Rice). 115 12
9 to 5— Athena, 101 (L. Willms) 7 2 8 2 1#
15 to 1— Mildred L, 05 (Sedar).. 2 5 3 3 8
Timet. 1:51%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. Cook's c. tg. by Requital-Black
Eye. Check Morgan 05. Miss Betty 98, Flori
100. Ryevale 103. Snowcap 100. finished as
named. ...
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up: !
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Lubin, 99 (L. Williams).. 3 5 liu
3 to 1— Mainspring, 103 (Andersn) 4 1 1%2 2
10 to 1 — Goo Goo, 05 (Rice) 221 32
Time, 2 :0\. Start good. Won driving. , Win
ner. W. W. Elliott's ch. g. (4) by Lazzarone-
Tarantella. Flora WHloughby 10*. Pathos 08,
finished as named.
The Junior Champion stak?, one of
the big annual events in coursing, will
be run on Sunday at Union Park. In
addition to the best of the starters in
the Futurity, other clever young grey
hounds are eligible. Among the latter
are Amelia, Hudson, Humboldt. Young
Kerry Pippin, Golden Fortune and
Eagle Bird. Blaze, the Futurity win
ner; Rocked Asleep, the stake favorite;
Flower Girl and others are carded to
start.
A forty-«»igrht-doR open stake, with
The Referee, Haphazard. Silver Heels.
Black Coon. Barge, McVey and others
in the running, will complete the card.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Junior Champion Stake— Master Garrison vs.
Fortunate Dawn; The Delta vs. Forest F1r»;
Aurella V9." Hudson: Rocked A««^5 '•- Wl °
Rival: Humboldt vs. Fiddler; Young Kerry
Pippin vs. Golden Fortune: Sunnybrook vs. L;»
Rosa; Belle Marie vs. Hermit; Eagle Bird v*
Sir Lipton; Presto vs. Flower Girl; Blaze vfc
Sampler; Lampre Eel vs. Pasha King.
Open Stake— High Bom vs. Full Moon: Fris
ky Barbara vsn Sofala: Yellow Tail vs. Eeolus;
Pasha Pleasant vs. Miss Domestic; Tho Ret
ere« vs. In Time; Haphazard vs. Imperious;
Texas Hco Hoo vs. J EH; Renegade Apacn*
vs. Young Johnnie Rex; Sacramento Boy vs.
Liberator; Intruder vs. Silver Heels; Raclna
Auto vs. Charter Member; Micky Free vs. fc>e
cretlve; Ragged Actor vs. Black Coon; Duhal
low vs. Apple Blossom; Loretta vs. Balendlne;
Goli Chain vs. Pagliacci: Rose of Gold vs.
Ruby Eankey; Vandal vs. Mountain Ea«!*;
Anpus Ctssus vs. Barge: Crawford Belle vs.
Conroy; Frisco Lad vs. Fair Tralee; Amandan
vs. Pomona; Ml Amigo vs. Adonis: Tllllo K.
vs. McVey.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Dollnda, 105 (D". Austin) . . 9 14 11
5 to 1— Dr. Kier, 113 (McLaughln) 8 3 1 2 1
7 to 1— Lyrist, 101 (Lindsey) 1 4 2 3 S
Time. 1:51. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Cahn's ch. g. (3) by Donald A-Llnda.
Kiowa Chief 06, Baraca 100. Easter Walter*
06. Pepper Dick 111, Mora 101, Flyer 106, fin
ished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four-yfear-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Extol, 102 (S. Dlckson).. 4 In 13
5tol — Howl. Dervish, 00 (Prine) 2 23 2 2
3 to 1 — Beebove. 105 (Williams) 3 4 3 3 2
Time, 1:27%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Burnett & Co.'s ch. h. (4) by Exile-
Prttense. R. Q. Smith 105, Crime 104, Whis
kers 110, June Collins 00, Sweet Tooth 108, fin
ished as named.
Joe Walcott, "the Barbadoes won
der," will arrive in this city to-night
to prepare himself for his approaching
battle with Joe Gans, to take place
under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club on the 30th inst.
Walcott will be accompanied by his
manager, Billy Pierce of Boston. He
will go into training immediately.
Alex Greggains, manager of the club
promoting the fight, stated last night
that either himself or Billy Roche will
officiate as referee on the night the
two dark skinned whirlwinds hook up.
Greggains added that he would make
it his business to see that the fight is
absolutely on the square. If there is
anything suspicious in the actions of
either man, both will be bustled out
of the ring without further ceremony.
Greggains has practically matched
Mike Sullivan (brother of the Twin)
and Joe Angeli, the well-known native
light weight, for a ten-round go as a
preliminary. This bout in itself should
prove worth the price of admission, as
both men are fighters who believe In
action and are in the habit of making
the pace a fast one.
The regular monthly amateur show
of the San Francisco Club will take
place at Woodward's Pavilion to-mor
row night. A good card has been ar
ranged, including main events between
Dick Hyland and Frank Walsh of Ore
gon, and George Sullivan and Joe
Long, the formidable heavies. Young
Choynskl and Tom Sullivan will also
clash, as will four other well-known
and willing youngsters of various
sizes and weights.
Men familiar with the angles of the
boxing game smiled sarcastically yes
terday when the statement of Rose, the
young athlete, was read. Rose is a
mere stripling when compared with
the herculean proportions of Jeffries.
He has slender underpinnings and two
of his arms would hardly make one of
the fighter's. It is possible Coach Yost
of the University of Michigan Is seek
ing some advertising for Rose, who is
slated for a place on the football
eleven this season.
OWEN G. COLLINS WAS NOT
DISMISSED FRO3I THE ARMY
Journal Makes Error In Reporting
That Officer Was Dropped From
the Service.
The many friends of Second Lieu
tenant Owen G. Collins, Fifth Field
Battery, Artillery Corps, were greatly
surprised at the erroneous announce
ment in the Army and Navy Journal
that he had been dismissed from the
service. The statement was entirely a
mistake and evidently emanated from
the fact that Lieutenant Harry J. Col
l>ns of the Twenty-eighth Infantry had
been court-martialed, found guilty,
and was no longer retained in the
army service. Lieutenant Owen G.
Collins, while a young officer, is highly
esteemed by all the leading officials
in the department here. He graduated
high in his class at West Point and
his position in the army and at his
post at the Presidio at the present
moment is an enviable one.
General MacArthur. accompanied by
Major P. W. West, who is now making
an annual tour of the Government
reservations in and about the Yo
semite Valley, will return to town
next Sunday.
\ Among those who called at head
quarters yesterday were Brigadier
General T. "McGregor, retired; Lieu
tenant Edwin Butcher, Fifteenth In
fantry; Lieutenant Harvy S. Berry.
Thirteenth Cavalry; Lieutenant V. W.
Cooper, Twelfth Cavalry; Lieutenant
J. S. Kent, Signal Corps, and Lieuten
ant J. B. Richardson, Twenty-eigntli
Infantry.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. X.OUIS, Sept. 14. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar
track follow:
First race, six furlongs — Felix Mozzes 103,
Tom Kiley 100, Re«pons!ve 100. Dusky 100,
Bird Pond 100. Radium 100, Flying Charcoal
100, Comora 100. Always Faithful 100.
Seconi race, flvo and a half furlongs, selling
—Platt 106, Willowdene 106, Jungle Imp, 106,
Bscobosa 103. Dameron OS. Opinion OS, My
Eleanor 09, (iasconno 03, - Lakeport 98, Miss
Powell 05, Edith Vice 83, Lady Moneuae 03.
Third race, six and a half furlonga. selling —
Jake Greenburg 10S, Mamselle 109,. Broodier
105, Worthington 106, Lovable 105, Feronla 105,
Topeoll 105, Mrs. Grannan 105 I^Arcy 103,
Strader 103, Blackmore 100, Trumallne 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Mafalda
105, Scotch Dance 103, Lustlg 108, Algonquin
100, Tower 100, Eugenie B 100, J. W. O'Neill
100.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Zlnda 108.
Alice Platt 100, Edith May 100, Pharmacy 06,
Katie Crewe 06, Military Girl 06, Lady Mercury
06. Borak 9«.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Golden Light 107. Burke Cochran 104, Murmur
102, Hocena 102. Pyrrho 102, Dawson 102,
Birdwood 101, Judge Cantrlll 101, Sanctlssima
101. Ray 101, Tony Lepplng 06.
Seventh rftce. six and a half furlonga, s-llinj
— Joe Goss 111, Miss Manners 107, Sid Silver
105, Laura Hunter 104, Bab 104, Pourquol Pas
102, Athelrose 100, Maverick 100, Jerry Hunt
100. Albany Girt 100.
CHICAGO SCOFFS AT ROSE.
Experts Think the Michigan Athlete
Is Playing to the Galleries.
CHICAGO. SepL 14. — The declara
tion of Ralph Rose, the University of
Michigan giant, that he is the only
man in the world who can beat Jef
fries hag opened up a discussion in
the world of boxing that will hold the
experts for a while. The prevailing
opinion among, men who have been
in the game or have followed it for
years is that Rose has overestimated
himself or else is playing to the gal
leries to attract attention for the foot
ball season. Few believe the Michi
gan giant is really sincere in his talk
about the mighty Jeffries, although
there are some who really think Rose
could give the boiler-maker a tough
argument, notwithstanding his lack of
experience in the ring.
Jack Root says all he wants is one
crack at Rose just to show him where
he stands in the prize fight game
Malachi Hogan and Abe Pollack think
Rose would have a show with a few
years' practice. Tommy Mowatt
thinks he could whip Rose himself.
All of a score of experts and fighters
seen to-day laughed at Rose and be
little his statement. Meanwhile Rose
has started football training in Mich
igan and is saying nothing.
Fleeing From His Enemies.
Sven Johnson, a seafaring: man,
while fleeing from his imaginary ene
mies which he thought num
bered several hundred, hid himself in
the hills back of Berkeley for threo
days with a x lonely bottle of whisky
as his sole companion until hunger
drove him over to this city, where ha
was found fighting red devils and bad
men by Officer John McLean at Grove
and Larkin streets yesterday. John
son is now laced in a straitjacket ia
a cell in the detention hospital. When
he recovers he will return to 126 El
lis street, where he usually rooms
when on shore leave.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race — Responsive, Felix Moz
zes, Tom Kiley.
Second race — Willowdene. Miss
Powell, Platt.
Third race— Lovable, Worthington,
Blackmore.
Fourth race^ — Mafalda, J. W. O'Neil,
Scotch Dance.
Fifth race; — Alice Platt, Zinda, Lady
Mercury.
Sixth race — Dawson, Sanctlssima,
Compass.
Seventh race— Joe Goss, Bab, Athel
roee.
Condition of the track — Slow.
Harness Races Postponed,
READVILLE, Mass., Sept. 14— On
account of rain to-day's races at ths
Rradville trotting track were post
poned until to-morrow.
Trainers Praise Rose's Speed.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14. — In pugilis
tic circles Ralph Rose's den to Jeffries
was much discussed to-day. Except
for a few amateur bouts in his
younger days at his home in Califor
nia, Rose is unknown in the boxing
game. His prowess as an athlete has
gone the rounds of the world. He is
the greatest shot-putter and hammer
thrower in the world. Athletic train
ers who have put him in condition for
field and track events say he is a
marvel of shiftiness and can move
like a panther, despite his great bulk.
NEW YORK TAKES HONORED
r^ACE BY BEATING BOSTON
Chicago Moves "Up a Few Notches
When Cleveland Meets With a
Double Reversal.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
MUNROE DROPS SO3IE 3IOXEY
TO BETTORS AT BRIGHTON
Ills Book Is Caught Out of line on
the Horse 3Iemphls and Loses
Heavily.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14. — The victory
of Memphis in the first race at
Brighton Beach yesterday was a costly
one to Jack Munroe. The Butte miner
has an interest in the book of Harry
Hastings, doing business in the field.
They have been laying odds against
favorites and were caught out of line
on Memphis. They figured Memphis
did not have a chance and laid as high
as 100 to 1 against him. The result
was a disastrous one to the book as
Memphis' victory cost Munroe nearly
all the money he secured from the
Jeffries fight. The book took In several
bets of from $5 to J20 against Mem
phis and lost about $3000 on the race
Another Easy One for O'Brien.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 14.— Jack
O'Brien had an easy ,time of It to
night in his six-round bout with Hugo
Kelly of Chicago at the National Ath
letic Club. In the first round Kelly
staggered O'Brien a couple of times
with hard punches to the stomach and
In the- second round he shook up
O'Brien with hard rights to the nose
and stomach. After that, however It
was all O'Brien's fight. He hit Kelly
at will and gave him a severe trounc
ing. The Chicago man was badly
beaten up.
Pacer Dan Patch Is Recovering.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 14.— The
veterinary surgeons in charge of Dan
Patch, the famous pacer, announce
that the horse has a good chance • to
recover. He is slowly improving. The
attempt to have the horse go against
his own record at the State fair will
be abandoned.
National LeaKue— American League
W. L. Pet. i . ; "W. L. Pet.
New York. ..95 34- .730 New York... 78 48 .619
Chicago "6 52.593 Boston 79 50.613
Pittsburg ...75 52.590 Chicago .. ...75 56 .573
Cincinnati ...73 55 .570 Philadelphia .69 53 .566
St. Louis. . . .65 65 .500 Cleveland . ..69 57 .543
Brooklyn 47 SI .367 St. ¦ Louis 54 72 .425
Boston ......46 84. 354 Detroit 53 75 415
Philadelphia .38 92 .292 Washington ..81 86 .244
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. Sept. 14. — By talcing the nrst
game and tying In the second. New York re
gained first place to-day in the pennant race.
The second game was called at the end of the
fifth inning on account of darkness. - Attend
ance. 8500. Scores :
First game — R. H. B
New York 3 2 2
Boston- 1. 6- 2
Batteries — Chesbro and McGuire, Dlneen and
Criger.
. Second game — ' R. H. E.
New. York .'. 1 4 1
Boston - 1 1 0
Batteries — Powell and" McOulre, Gibson and
Farrell.
CHICAGO, Sept. . 14. — The locals outplayed
Cleveland and took both frames. Long: hitting
and perfect fielding- .won the flrst. Good base
running-, aided by cortly errors and wild pitch
ing by Hess, made the second victory. At
tendance, iUJOO. Scores:
First game — R. • H, E.
Chicago 3 .7 0
Cleveland '. 1 6 1
.Batteries — Owen and Sullivan, Donahu* and
Buelow.
Second game — - • R. H. B.
Chicago 6 8 .3
Cleveland 2 5 2
Batteries — Pattewon and Sullivan; Hess,
Buelow and Ostdlck.
; ST. 'LOUIS. Sept. 14.— St. Louis and Detroit
each won a game to-day. . Hard hitting- char
acterized both frames. Mclntyre • hit the ball
hard and knocked it over the right field fence
in each eame. makin tr two home runs. At
tendance, 3400. Scores:
: First game^- , R. , H. . E.
St. Louis'..;." 7 14 i
Detroit •'..". ..... 11 13 0
Batteries — Sudhoft and Susrden, Kitson and
Drill. .
,. ¦ Second- frame — • • R. H. ' .B.
St. Louis .....5 12 1
Detroit ;7t::~rz.~r^;T: :............ 4 io i
. Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe, Killian and
Drill./
NATIONAL LEAGUE. .
BROOKLYN, Sept. 14.— Rain made the sched
uled ' double header Impossible to-day, but the
teams met ; in ¦ a , single game; which BrocklYn
won. Attendance. 100O.. Score: -
HHqM*a|HH^^ R- H. E.
Philadelphia l 6 2
Brooklyn ...."¦.." :.....; 2 .10 2
- Batteries — Corridon and Dooin, Riesling and
Hitter. Umpire — Mourn; •¦¦ : ",
Billy Otts Goes South.
Billy Otts has gone to San Die^o
where he is matched to fight Fran v
Fields on the 23d inst. He has back
ingr, to; fight: Gans and. has been prom
ised a match if the latter defeats Wai-
CC XX* ¦>_ \
1 Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pct.j W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. V5 19.509 3. Francisco.22 25 .463
Tacoma 26 21 .SC-.llOakland 23 27 .460
Seattle 25 23 .521 1 Portland 20 20.435
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Visitors Hold Campus Foot
ball Heroes Down All
Through Exciting Play
Jones Is Ably Assisted by
His Team Mates and Gets
Into the Going at Last
If Anything Suspicious Is
Noted, Both Must Leave
the Arena Immediately
T. J. Cronin's Successful Kep
reseufative in the Baby
Number to Start Sunday
FIttST GMDIK0X LINE-UP
SIX TALLIES COME IN
BOXEES TO BE WATCHED
BLAZE IS A COMPETITOR
NEW YORK, Sept. 14. — Africander
is carded to start in the one and a
quarter mile handicap to-morrow at
Brighton Beach: The son of, Star
Ruby carries 126 pounds. The day's
entries: \
First race, b!x furlongs — Lochlnvar, 112, King
Cole 107, Vidalla 104, Salt and Pepper 104, Ike
S 102. R. L. Johnson 102. Hildebrand 102,
Indian Star 102, Delcanta 108, Grand Duchess
99 Auto Hood 97, Ben Lala 94. Bisque 94,
Irish Jew 94. Mistiss 99, Juvenaga 96.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles —
OUego 117. New York 115, Waswift 116, Cin
cinnatus 115, Lord Badge 112, Grey Friar 112,
Reveille 110, Ostrich 110, Dimple 107, Brlar
thorpe 107. j
Third race, six furlongs — Gay Boy 125. Major
Pelham 116, Sals 111, Counterpoise 110, Cas
talian 110. Van Ness 110. Pat Bulger 110,
Monet 110, AH Right 108, Shipshape 103, Clear
the Arena 103. Tendercrest 103. Thistle Heather
103. Vagaiy 103, Trovator 98, Ishlana 08. •
Fourth race, elx furlongs, Mercury handicap
— Lady Amelia 127. Collector Jessup 127, Hurst
Park 122 Aceful 119. Leonldas 118. Spring 107.
Mlneola 10«. "Waterside 102, King Pepper 98,
Roseben 98, Divination 07, Schulamlte 00.
(Aceful and Mlneola. Duryea entry.)
Fifth race, one and » quarter miles, handi
cap—Africander 120, Carbuncle 112, Spring 107,
Duke of Kendal 100. Brigand 95, Stonewall 90,
Hydrangea 87.
Sixth race, five and a half furlonea, two
year-olds — Miss Jordan ; 119, Amberjack 112,
Heart's Desire 109, Zeala 100. Drone 99, Jim
Beattie 99, Renault 99. Oxford 99. Blucher 99,
Dunno 99. Blacjc Prince 09. Eckstein 99;
Dorothy Gray 99. Witch Hazel 69. D'Arkle 99.
Pelham 99. (Zenia and D'Arkle, Paget entry.)
BRIGHTON BEACn ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Sir Brillar, 110 (Redfern) 2 1 % 1 8
9 to 2— Ianta Catallna, lOB(Lyne) 4 3 1>£2 3'
20 to 1— Saulsberry, HO(J.Martin) 6 6 1 3 3%
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, National Stable's ch. c. by Sir Modred-
Brillar. Red Fox. Fair Reveler, Palm Tree,
LagoldenT* Ascot Belle. Migraine, Drone. Black
Prince, Otsego, Sir Ralph finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap, for all aces:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. -St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Sonoma B.. 103 (H.Cochrn) 1 8 1^11
4 to 1— Cincir.natus. 107 (Hildbd) 1 ' 2 2 2 3%
Even — Councilman, 99 (W.Davis) 2 * 1 h 3 h~
Time, 1:54 2-5. Start good. Won drviing.
Winner. Mrs. C. Cochran's ch. f. by . Star
Ruby-Sonoma. Leader also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; the Produce
e take 9 of $15,0*X>; eecond half; two-year-old
fillies:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 9 — Princess Rupert, lll(Shw) 4 11 1 %
2 to 9— Rose of Dawn, 1C9 (Hild) 2 2 2 2 1
12 to 1— Raiment, 111 (Burns) 1 3h 3 V£
Time, 1:1*. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, H. B. Duryea's b. t. by Hamburg-Ruperta,
Flinders, Bella Signora, Floralia, Sparkling
finished as named.
BRIGPITON BEACH, Sept, 14.— Two
daughters of Hamburg ran first and
second to-day in the filly division of
the Produce stakes. Princess Rupert
won, with Rose of Dawn second, H. B.
Duryea had declared- to win with
Princess Rupert, as he desired to save
penalties on Rose of Dawn in other
stakes. Princess Rupert was able to
fulfill Mr. Duryea's trust in her, but
Rose of Dawn could have won by any
number of lengths, Hildebrand having
the great filly under, a tremendous pull
all the way. The feature of the race
was the unremitting efforts of Burns,
on Raiment, to get up to either of the
Duryea fillies, but the Daly filly was
not able to do so.
In the betting the Duryea fillies were
at the prohibitive odds of 2 to 9. In
the separate place betting the ring had
the poor judgment to lay 7 to 10 against
Rose of Da\yn for second place and
they paid for^their temerity. The stake
added nearly $6500 to Mr. Duryea's ac
count, as the second tllly, Rose o£
Dawn, received $1500. The winnings of
the Duryea stable this season are run
ning well up to the neighborhood of
$170,000. With ordinary racing luck it
seems the $200,000 mark may be reached
before the season ends. Nearly all this
will have been achieved with sons and
daughters of Hamburg and of Meddler.
AH were bred by the late W. C. Whit
ney. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds: '
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Lady Rohesla, «8 (Davis) 6 3^18
8 to 1— Cascine, 10S (Crimmlns) 2 1 h 2 l*a
S to 1— Bob Murphy 109 (Bllmn)lO 8 .3 h
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won eaeily.
Winner, P. Lorillard's b. f. by Ingoldsby-The
Governess. Glad Smile Topic. Conceit. Wiz
ard. Boxwood, My Mate. Wild Thistle, Toi
San Fickle, Alaf, Grayling, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; handicap; three -year-olds and up:
Betting . Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin. ¦
4 to 6— Paulaker. 140 (E.Heider) 4 13 1 20
12 to 1— E. Kelston. 131 (Houlln> 1 2 1^2 20
3 to 1— Numeral. 135 (Saffel)..2 4 3
Time. 4:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. Story's b. g. by Aloha-Pink H. Wood
en, Jim Stick, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
7 to 1— Little Em, 100 (Travrs) 8 11 1 ?i
10 to 1— Jane Holly. 105 (J.Mrtn) 5 3 12%
7 to 1— Garnish, 95 (Hennessy) « 2 1^3 h
Time, 1:47 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Lakeland's ch. f. by Goldcrest-
Roseban. Proceeds. Dapple Gold. Merry Pio
neer, Eagle. Montebank. Stevedore, Incubator,
Locket. Lord Advocate, finished as named.
Srecfal Dispatch to The Call
SEVENTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St: % Fin.
6 to 1— Regale, 100 (Wilson) 14 12^
2 to 1— Lord Dixon. 103 (Nicol).. 2 3 h 2 h
5 to 2— One Way. 10S (McBrldo). 3 1 h 3 h
Time. 1:23. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Talbot Bros.' ch. f. by Requital-Raining
Dew. Monte 111, also ran.
Time, 1:28 4-5. Start rood. Won driving.
Winner, J. Arthur's b. g. (8) by Burlington
(or Kingston)-Forethought. Automaton 104,
Glcrlosa 100. Orfeo 107, Clausus 108, finished
us named.
SIXTH RACE — Seven -furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds .and up:
.Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Federal, 100 (Nicol) 3 4 2 In
•9 to 2— Rag Tag, 108 (Mountain) 5 2 h 2 2
9 to 1 — EthelWheat,100 (Oregar) 1 1 3%3 h
Stol— Red Raven, 105 (Davis). 4 3^1^
•Disqualified for foul*
FIFTH RACE — MJle and seventy yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 1— Dr. Stephens, 102 f Aubu) 3 1 2 1 h
1 to 2— Alma Dufour.100 (Henry) 4 2 h 2 7
8 to 1— Golden Mineral.91(Greenf) 1 4 % 3 5
Time. 1 :46 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Waters' br. h. (6) by Octopus-
Ignoramus. Flying Torpedo 107, Great Eastern
99, Rossmond 108. Gllfain 106. finished aa
named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap; three
year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Shawana. 97 (Wilson)... 4 13 12
6 to 1— Bragg, 106 (Mountain).. 3 48 24
16 to 5— Bthylene. 101 (Lawrence) 1 2 2 3 h
Time, 1:42 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, Talbot Bros.' ch. f. (3) by The Com
moner-Be^ky Sharp. Ahola 100, Blrchbroom
100. Prossador 100, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight,- Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 1— Magistrate, 105 (Aubch) 2 a 2 1 1
5 to 2— New M. Hay. 107(JSTicol) 1 2 3^2 1
13 to 20— Clifton Forge. 105(Henry) 4 1 V, 3 7
Time, 1:14 4-5. . Start good, s Won handily.
Winner, S. W. Street & Co.'s ch. c. by Hast
ings-Lady Margaret. William Wright- 110,
Hunterdon. 102, Jusquo La 102, finished as
named.
Time, 2:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Corrigan's blk. g. (5) by Saln-Helen.
Handvice 152. Oliver Me 158, Royal Pirate
132, Xitrate 147, finished as named. Galba
13S. fell. Montanlc 143. ran -out.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to 10— Schwarzwald. 138 (Ptrs) 2 12 13
20 to 1— Dominique Y. 125 (Arch) 7 2 4 2 4
9 to 1— Evander, 130 (Eggxrson) 5 3 6 3 6
Time, 1 :29 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. M. Monahan Jr.'B b. m. (5) by Azra-
Aunt Anne. Rabunta 100, Mr. Famum 100.
Hudson 105, Lampoon 102, Weird 100, finished
as named. •*»¦*.. ¦.-..
.CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Ed Corrigan's
four-year-old horse Galba. ,by Major
Richard-Miss Preston, which was
coupled ,in the betting with ! Schwarz
wald in the steeplechase,' the feature
race at Hawthorne to-day, fell at the
ninth jump,- broke, his leg near the
shoulder- and was put to death a few
moments later. Jockey McHpgh, who
rode him, was pinned- under the horse
when he fell and the stable hands had
to help him out. The jockey was badly
cut up about the head, face and
shoulders but no bones were broken..
The Corrigan entry was a hot favorite
at 13 to 10, being backed from 2 to 1.
Schwarzwald was the one relied upon
to do the trick, and rewarded his back
ers handsomely by leading all the way
and winning easily by three lengths.-
S..W. fetreet sprung a surprise when
he put over Magistrate, a Keene cast
off, in the third race. He was outrun
the first part, but, saving ground when
turning for home, he came away hand
ily and won by a length from New
Mown Hay. Magistrate was -held as
high as 20 to 1 in the betting. . A few
wise ones made one of the. biggest kill
ings of the year. The track was in good
shape, the weather cold and the attend
ance light. Summary: - '. .V
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
IS to 5— Zyra, 106 (Henry) 5 6 1%1 n
9 to 1— Anna Beall, 10O (Gfleld) 2 2h 2 2 .
8 to 5 — Marshalsea, 105 (Pieratt) 7 5 h 3 %
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 14.— Lubin made up
two lengths within twenty yards of the
wife in the feature race at Delmar to
day, beating out. Mainspring a nose on
the : post. Thousands of dollars were
bet in the ring and in the poolrooms
upon the winner. " The weather was
clear and the track heavy. Attendance
4000. , Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. "Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5— Lady Lou, 95 (Sedar).. 1 1^16
6 to 1— Leila Hunter, 95 (Rice) 6 3 3 2 1%
6 to 1— Ethel's Prlde.lOO (Ascn) 2 2 3 3 2
Time. 1:15%. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner, W. H. Fizer & Co.'s b. f. by Algol-
Free Lady. Pique 95. Pay Scharge 08. Pas
sive 95, Voltage 101. A Lady Fair 95. Miss
Nann I. 100. finished as named. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California's Baby Class to.
Tune of 6 to 0 Ties
Oakland's Scalp to Belt
Junior Champion Stake
"•Draws Best of the Futurity
Bogs slid Several Others
Schlafley. Streib and Kru
ger Start a Rally With
Three Terrific Drives
"Barbadoes Wonder' Comes
West to Prepare for His
Meeting With Joe Gaiis
Princess Rupert and Rose of
Dawn Add to Duryea's
Winnings.
Lubin Comes With a Rush
at the Finish and Beats
Mainspring.
Ed Corrigan's Steeplechaser
Galba Is Killed in a Race
at Hawthorne.
FRESHMEN TAKE
INITIAL GAME
OA K L A ND MAKES
HALL SIDESTEP
WALCOTT DUE
FROM THE EAST
YOUNG HOUNDS
IN RICH EVENT
DAUGHTERS OF HAMBURG ARE STARS
IN THE VALUABLE PRODUCE STAKES
KNIGHTS O F THE GRIDIRON PUT THE BALL IN PLAY AT BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 15, 190*:
. .Cameras,; photographic supplies, print
ing and developing at lowest prices.. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 -Market street. •¦
/ R. N. Whitnew and Clarence Griffln
are out with a challenge to; play Mac-
Gavfta and 1 Murdock ; a return !• match.
They defeated .the latter at > San • Ra
fael, but the friends of the losers made
the excuse that they: were 'not. in good
form. The challengers will play,
them at any time or place they may
seiecL^8D9BttBBB89Ba9B ftWMHll
Challenge ; for Tennis ; 3Iatch.
Manager James Morley of the Los
Angeles baseball club: suspended
Pitcher Warren Hall indefinitely yes
terday after his bad showing. Hall
has not been treading the narrow
path regularly lately and he may be
shy a job if he does not abstain from
,the cheering bowl. \
Morley Suspends Hall.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 14, — Ted
Sullivan of the Cincinnati National
League " baseball club is in this city
making arrangements for the accom
modation of the "team during the
training season, commencing | in .Janu
ary. It is understood Sullivan- has all
but closed the deal and' that the noted
aggregation ' of ball tossers twill spend
the early spring ;; here. , San i niego : is
desirous of having the Reds do their
preliminary work in that city,- but as
Sullivan is pleased with Santa- Bar
bara he will probably decide to bring"
the team here.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUT TO-DAY
Spalding's
How to Play Foot Ball
<Sp*Hln4?*« Athletic'Library No. 21W
EDITED BY WALTER CAMP.
arCWXT REVISED FOB 1904
X^ontept*** An introduc-
SZfrhg& *-**£&:£•, tOT Y cn»P«er for begin-
/\TSk: jL. V»f%!J^7 n*r*:how to p!ay;tarkie-
¦ *'« rk formations; by W.
f^^3 v ]£5tt>£f> Ca «iP- How to play
•N-^XpAjS PS^A) V^' <juart»r-back. by J. L.
¦' «T/*'/ «. W n «*• Saulleji of the 1901
4 .W*r vA* 1 ** *>i Tale team. Defense.
'¦Cft£>»J-{iJ** by W. H. Lewlj of
s^> . , Harvard. Th£ pl&y of
lh« back?, by Wm. T. Keid of Harvard '09
tf-arr.. fUgnai* by Rockwell and Hogan of the
Talc 19C2 ceam; this !¦ undoubtedly the most
cmnrlet-i treatise on this subject that has ever
been printed. Training, by M. Murphy of
YaJc. Numerous full page pictures of teams
lr. action, with explanatory commefits by Mr.
Camp.
TS.XCS TI!g CEBTTS
crALDIXO'S OFFICIAL Edited by
0 FOOT BALL GUIDE. Walter Camp,
contains the n»-w rules for 1904; All -Ameri-
ca team* ; Middle West Foot Ball, by A. A.
Staeg; New England Fodl Ball by M. E.
Webb; Middle States Foot Ball, by a. Or-
ton : Southern Foot , Ball, by J. L. de
KauUeo: Southwestern Foot Ball, by M.
1 wlsney; Pacific Coast Foot Ball, by A.
Rice, and Canadian Foot Ball, by F. D."
Woodworth. Special articles for the player
and the spectator, reviews cf matches, rec-
ords of teams. Pictures of over 3000 play-
cm. Price 10 cents.
The above books for sale by all newsdealers and
A. a. SFALDUTG & SEOS.
67* MiMion St.
Every foot ball player FhuuM have a copy of
Fpalainff's Fall and Winter Kporu catalogue.
H0II7 Springs, Miss., March 24, 1903.
While building railroads in Tennessee
some twelve years ago a number of hands
contracted fever and various forms of
blood and skin diseases. I carried S- S. S.
in my commissary and gave it to my hands
with most gratifying results. I can recom-
mend S. S. S. as the finest preparation for
Malaria, chills and fever, as well as all
blood and skin diseases. W. I. McGowajt .
I suffered greatly from Boils, which
would break out on different parts of my
body. I saw S. ,S. S. advertised and after
usine about three bottles I was cured,
and for the last three years have had no
trouble whatever. A. W. Zebex.
217 ReadSL, Evansville, Ind.
I began using your S. S. S. probably ten
years ago for Malaria and blood troubles,
and it proved so good that I have con-
tinued ever since using it as a family
remedy. It is a pleasure for me to recom-
mend S. S. S. for the benefit of others
who are needing a first rate blood purifier,
tonic and cure for Malaria.
Arkansas City, Ark. C C Hemctoway.
Boil*, abscesses, sores, dark or yellow
splotches and debility are some of the
symptom^ of this miserable disease.
S. S. S. counteracts and removes from the
Sw« ia 7 vc S et 3bl e reine-
•Bjggjr <5gJ22f oa atxxrt case.
, The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a
FREE — — FREE — — FREE .
STERILIZED SALT.
Two Packajfes of ¦ . '
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT,
Made In California and subject-
ed to the most searching meth-
; ods . of ¦ scientific "~ manufacture
before being placed on the mar-
ket, . 7 .*,-! ¦¦.-..- . . . , .•• ¦." '
• A two-pound package for the
table:
A two-pound package for the
bath.
Chemically pure and every
package sterilized. 1 ' "
FREE ' TO WANT • AD. \ ' " . 7
-.-'¦¦ PATRONS OF NEXT
SUNDAY'S. CALL. .
. See announcement \ on Classified
.'.i; Page.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Ku perin tendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (lllesion-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the eame at both places.
' THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.
Eun rises 5:50
Sun sets \" \W**"
Moon sets W/.-9 p. m.
O Tlmel ITlroe Time ITime
p I Ft. Ft. Ft. I
a H W] |L W H W |L XV
15 ~4-15 "Tsr»:15 2.6 3:33 5.1 10:32 0.8
10 tl30 4.110:22 3.0 4:37 5.0 11:42 0.5
J? U W fVH 1 * 8^ 5 W 48 HW
18 f.0-4a 0.4 7:48 4.4 12:49 3.1 0:48 4.8
10 I 1:40 0.3 8:42 4.6 1:5P 2.0 7:51 4.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tha left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.' except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (-~)
sisa precedes the height, and then the number
ORGANIZED MAY, .1900.
TO THE PUBUC: BEWARE; OF COUN
TERFEITS! 1 All genuine tickets of this com
pany have initials -"R.. G. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G; C." on backs thereof.
Following -ore the capital, prizes, e s decided
by the Honduras National Company Saturday,
September 10. 1004: No. 39881 wins $7500. sold
in. San Francisco, Cal.: No. 8.11H7 wins $2000,
sold in Jackson, Cal. ; No. H5178 wins $1000.
Bold in San Francisco. Cal.; No. 23702 wins'
$.V>0. sold in-San Francisco.' Cal.;' No." 77500
wins $2ri0, sold ¦ in * San ¦ Francisco, Cal • No.
36iS7 wins $250. sold in Oakland, Cal.
The-R. G. Company paid to B. F. Ooodson.
Bttrke's (Sanitarium. Sonoma County, $3750
for one-half ticket No. 5079, drawing August
25 -1904: to Goorg* Peters. 3S60 Twenty-fifth
street ' San Francisco. Cal.. for client. $1250
; for one-half ticket No. 5837, drawing August
25. 1904; to Cltyand County Bank, San Fran
cisco. Cal., for .client, ?1250 for whole ticket
No 72123, drawing August 25,,19O4; to Arthur
E. Kuper . 60 A n-jellca' street, Ban Francisco,
Cal., $")7r>6 for one-half ticket No. 121M8, draw
' ing August 13.' 1904: to Mrs. j Agnes Robinson,
! 526 Sixteenth street,' Oakland, Cal., . $1000 for
one-half ticket No. 704S9.' drawing August 13,
•1904.-.; ' ..--': -. '-"- | -" > "' r -- ¦' - ¦¦• •- ' *'
'i A girl who uses paint isn't necesBar
ily,the picture of health.^:- -':'
The Louisiana K. G. Company, of San
?v "Francisco.
Steamer. , From.' I- Due. |
Lcelanaw.... .' Seattle ....Sept. 15
Alliance [Portland & Way Ports S-vept. 15
M. Dollar San Pedro Sept. 15
Jeanle.... '....' Seattle & Tacoma... . Sept. 15
Santa Rosa...) San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 15
Point Arcua. . j Mendocino & Pt Arena Sept. 15
Peru. New York via Ancon.. Sept." 16
W. Kruger. . . . Humboldt Sept. 18
Northland Portland Sc Astoria. . . . Sept. 16
O. W.Elder. .. Portland & Astoria.... Sept.;l«
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept. 16
Lakme San Pedro Sept. 17
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 17
Pomona...... Humboldt Sept. .'17
Arctic... '....¦- Humboldt Sept. IS
Arcata....... Coob Bay & Pt Orford Sept. 18
Centralla..... San Pedro Sept: 18
Queen Puset Sound Ports.... Sept. IS i
Eureka.......! Humboldt Sept. 18 <
Elizabeth. ..". .1 Coquille River '. , . Sept. II) |
San Pedro. . . . Saji Pedro Sept. : 19 i
Sonoma...... Sydney : & Way Ports. iSept. 10 |
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. J Sept. IS j
Corona. ...... Humboldt ............. Sept. 20
BreaJtwater. . . Coos Bay ;............ Sept. 20
Nlcaria. ...... \ Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 20
North Fork. . . j Humboldt • . .'. ; . , Sept.* 20
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 20 !
San Juan..... New: York via Ancon.'. Sept. 21' '
Aurelia. ...... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. : 21
Coo* Bay ..... San . Pedro : A IV ay . Pts Sept.* 21
Columbia. . . . . Portland & Astoria. .V. Sept.* 21
Gaelic..:.'.'... China & Japan.:.'.'.'. .. Sept.' 23
Centennjal.,,. Seattle & Tacoma..... Sept. 23
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. ... Sept. '25
Nevadan .'. . . . Honolulu » & : Kahulul . . (Sept. ¦ 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
10O numbers from 308-11 to 30031. Inclusive,
being SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000, $40.
100 numbers from 93117 to 83217. Inclusive,
being 50 number* en each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $sono, $24.
1C0 numbers* from 63123 to C522R. Inclusive,
being SO numbera on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $ibCO, $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
090 numbers ending with 81. being the twj
last flgnres of the number drawing the capita!
prize of $30,000. $9.
!»W numbers ending with €7. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capitkl
prize of $8000, $9.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class "I." Honduras National
Lottery Company, .hereby certifies that th<»
above are the numbera which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. Wit
ness my hand at Puerto Cortex. Honduras, C
A., this Saturday. September 10, 1904.
W. S. O.\E5EIJU Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1. ONE-HALF FIRST CAPITA!.
PRIZE.
ESSEX. S. S., Commonwealth of Massachu*
setts, Lynn, MaM., Am. 25, 1904.
Fred M. Glrard. residing at 43 South street.
Lynn. Mass.. betna; duly sworn, deposes and
says that he Is the rightful owner ami posses
»or of one-half ticket number 12SMS of the
Honduras National Lottery Company, which
drew the first capital prize of $30,000 In iM
drawing of the. Honduras National LottrrT,
held at Puerto Ccrte*. C. A., August 13. 1904.
and that the amount of $15,000 of said priz*
was paid in full without discount of any na
ture upon presentation to the representative
Of the company. FRED M. CJIRARD.
Then personally appeared the above named
Fr*d M. Glrard and made cath that the abo\«
statement by him subscribed Is true, before
me, Francis V. McCarthy, Notary Public.
$8730 FOR 25 CENT3. ONE-EIGHTH OP
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW TORK. Aug. IS. 1804.— I am the bona
fide owner of one- eighth of ticket No. 1254.*.,
class H. of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, whleh drawing took place on Satur
day, August 13, 1904, at Puerto Cortez, C. A..
which number drtw toe first capital prize of
$30,000, and I received $3750 in fall for ray
eighth ticket. HIRSCH SIGELLCK. •
82 Columbia Street.
Sworn to before me this ISth day of August.
19O4. SAMUEL Z1PTNG.
Notary Public, New York County. •
$2000 FOR $1. ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
State of New Jersey. County of Hudson.
Henry Cnlson »f 323 Orand street. Hoboken.
Hudson County. New Jersey, being duly sworn,
deposes and says that he Is the true and bon*
fide owner of one-half ticket No. 3318. which
drew one-half of the third capital prize In tha
Honduras National
Sworn to and subscribed before m« this 22d*
***' t>ATRICK R^RIFFXK. Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 9O CENTS ONE-QUARTER OF
*VT FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE
• '¦'-' State of Missouri. City of St. Loula.
J W Kassirg deposes and says that h« re«
sides at Nineteenth and MaUlnekrodt 'treeta
«?t Louis Mo. and that he Is the rightful
owner or oue- fourth ticket of No. 12948 In tlw
Honduras National Lottery Company, which in
thedrawrng held on Saturday. August 13. 19O4._
at Puerto Cortea. Honduras. C. A., drew th»
first eapital prize of thirty thousand gg dollars.
Witness: RICHARD 8OELLNER. '
Subscribed and aworn to before me this 22d
day °CH A AS gU E.' HA^NAUER. Notary PnbUe
r*000 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-QUARTER OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. City of Xew Orleans.
Before me, Edward Rlrhtor. a Notary Pub.
He in and for the parish of Orleans, personally
iaine and appeared Julius O. B«nr. who beln«
duly sworn, deposed and said that he lives at
Ko 441 Humboldt nvenue In the city of Chl
esro and that he Is the holder and owner of.
one quarter of ticket No. 70430 of the Hon
duras National Lottery Company. Louisiana
State Lottery which number won the second
capital prize <* eight thousand dollars at the.
regular monthly drawing held at Puerto Cor
tex Honduras, held Auarust 13. 1904. and that
the' saM ticket was paid to him on present* •
4 Julius 0, Berg, sworn to and subscribed to
before me this 2fith day of August. 190*.
EDWARD RIGHTOR. Notary P»WJ»
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 14. 1U04.
The Time Ball on the tower of the. Ferry
building wae dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in Charge.
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time BaU.
Wednesday, Sejpt 14.
Ftmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. 1 hour* from
Port Rodger*. ¦
Ktmr KanUi Barbara, iiaddart, 44 hours from
fian Pedro.
Nor stmr Tellu». Arntzen, 1>4 hours from
Ledyfffilth.
Ftmr South Coa^t. Olsen, 1« hour* from
C»«par.
Funr Del Nnrte, Payne, 35 hours frcm Cres
cent City.
Ftror CVxjs Bay, Johnson, C8 hour» from San
. JVdro and m-«y ixn\.%.
J^tmr Brc-aJ* water. Seaman, 33 hours .from
Coo* Bay.
i^tmr ¦¦¦:¦ £ Higglna. Hlggins. IS hours from
f'crt !':•¦•»;• !¦_:.': rooth; put iq to land pas
•engen-.
• Simr W'hltwbor •. Ol»en. 14 hours from Point
Ftmr Corona. Glelow. 19 hours from Eureka.
Htmr Newport. Corning. 5^ days from Tia-
Mn:r Greenwood. Tl'alvJr. 17 hour* from
.- :. •, Geo F Ilaller, Il&aven. 14 day* from
Ktir.r Areo. Dunham, 27 hoara from Eel
Ftmr Texan, Slnrriaon, from New York, rla
ttr rMlo Ditton. D&vlr. 74 days from New-
Bdjr .''::¦;¦:; h. W illiamson, 20 days from Kcg-
Schr AbW*. L&raen. 28 houra from Timber
Tui Bea Hover. Thompson, 02 hours from
Grays Harbor, with drfderr In tow.
CLKAHKD.
Wednesday, Sept 14.
StmrvMarfr**a, Renn5e, Tahiti; J D gpreck
l-1a & lVo« Co.
Stmr State of Califorria, Nlcolson, San Dl
«*?o anf? way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship
Wednesday. Sept 14. >
(>"unr F A Kilburn, Thompson, port Hodgera.
Ftsir Cocui'l* Itiver. Adler. Bureka.
Star Maripofca. Rennie. Tahiti. *
Strnr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Htmr Ja« S Ulgglns. Hlggms. can Pedro.
Htmr Scotia, Joiins<>n, Bowen* Landtoc.
Stmr Sasta Barbara. Zaddart. Seattle.
. fiimr Rival. Focen. Nt-edle Rock.
Stror Ctlia. Smith. Albion.
Schr Mary C. <?arapb«>H. Eodega.
fcchr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bollnaa.
SPOKEN'.
Sept 1— Lat 12 K. long 27 W, Br ship ChU
tofKorH. frcm Hull. Kngland. for Son Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. 8<i>t 14. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wlafi SW; vrlodty 6 miles per bour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
AeTORIA— Arrived Kept * 14— Stmr AureJla,
SHIPriXO IXTELIJGKXCR
.ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 18S7.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from re
sponsible ngents and to see that their tickets
read a« follows :
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1887. '
Each coupon has the initials "M. & F." on
the face and back of the ticket. The follow
ing are the capital prizes as decided by tb«
Honduras National Company. September 10,
1UO4: No. 30^1 wins $7500, sold in San Jose
Cal.; No. 83107 win* $2<>00. Bold in San Fran
cIbco, Cal.'; No. 0517$ wins $10CO, gold In San
Francisco, Cal. ; No. 23702 wins $500, sold in
San Francisco, Cal.; No*. 77. r >. r )O and 3(1187
f«ch win ?250. sold In San Francisco Cal.
N6s. . 8GB8. 1983«. 202GH. ««0S3 and ' 7466S
each, win $100. sold in San Francisco, ¦ Cal.
The " following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. &. F. Co. for August 13. 1J>04:
Hcnrj' Hock, raloon. 244 Sutter st., San Fran
cisco, Cal., $7500: E. Meyer, San Jose, Cal.,
$1000; ThomaR Kearney. 507 Fiftieth street,
Oakland, $1000;. E. A.' Wettig, U74 Sacramento
street, San Frnncisco, $1000; Oliver Rlecomini,
fruit store, 13.10 Dupont street,, San Fran
cisco, Cal.. ?500. ¦¦¦•' •
The Original LiQlo Loiil.sitina Com
pany of San Francisco.
Steamer. j Destination. Sails, t
Humboldt I Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Jefferson ; Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Santa Ana....; Prldovla & Way Ports Sept 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sfpt. 18
OJympla ,.j Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 20
mrigo j Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Garonne Nome Sept
1M3 hhlg flour, iZii ctls barley, 70 ctls wheat,
1«.4£3 lbs bran, 40 bales hay. 1530 gale wine,
<2 i>k£9 beer. 4S90 lb< rugar, €9,2232 lbs rice.
34,CTi5 Ib* «7 pkgs brc^d. 2V.ft.'>0 lbs salt, 216
cp aFsorted canned go<jd», 330 e» canned
fialrnon, 77 rk*n» pickled tiaimon. 116 pkgs fre»h
fruits, 2MO lbs lard. Uki lbs candy. 7GO4 DM
beans, 154 pkjr? r-otatoos. 72 pkgs onions, 22
pkgs table preparations. 77 pkgs groceries and
provisions. l'fcS lte fre<=h moat. «41 lbs cheese,
U rkgs dried fruit. OJ lbs codfish. 13 pkgs
farte. 25 j.kgF fresh vegetables, 4!t,132 ft lum
t-er, »» bales oakum. T.2 pkgs paints and oils,
ST7 pfcgs nails, f> bbls pttch. 23 reel* barbed
wire, 7 rolls leather. X} pkpn drugs and mn
«Jries. .'!« bdl* 51 t>ars Iron, 14 \1A\9 steel, 3000
fire brickn. 300 posts. <T7 coils rope. S8 bdls
oarf, 12 bales duck, f.2 pkga drj- goods, 187
hxr poap. 7rt pkgs vehicles. .T2 ca coal oil,
2*>«' bdls shingles, 27!V bdls shocks, 9 bale*
twine. 1OT lbs crude opium. 17 cs boots and
Irtioem.
The Fteanver Marip<->sa railed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general merchandise cargo,
valued at $32,202. and Including the following:
KxfmrtK for Tahiti.
The British Meamer Inverness, at Vancou
ver. B. C, will load rails there for Japan at
$5 Tilt — chartered prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
MjUKt* of Int«Tfst to Mariners and
NEWS OF THi: OCKAN.
(120th Meridian— Pacific " Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 14—5 n. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous 1 day".
Cincinnati S2-6« New Orleans 00-74
Boston - H2-5S Philadelphia . 7O-B4
Jacksonville 84-72 Washington . . «*8-US
St. Louie Mi-SOINew York (i,S-tJ4
Chicago <S'i-4M|pitt6burR M-K8
SAN FRANCISCO CO- 54
THE COAST RECORD. ~~
W .?2 SO mm
STATIONS. £ 3gll a§ ?* »
Ba'<er 29. US 82 42^ NW Clear loo
Canton 2».S»2 S4 F.0 SW ClouJy Tr.
Eureka J .0.02 M 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 249.82 Ort «2 NW Clear .00
S.E. F?iralkfl 54 ...
Flasst.a'f 2S>.0S CS 44 S Clear .04
t'ocatello 2T).0S 82 40 SW. Clear .00
Independence .23. ns 7rt r,2 .... Cloudy .04
I-o* Anifolra. 20. 01- 7« 02 W Clear JX»
Mt.Tamalpais 23.87 bO fiS SW Cloudy .00
North Head ..KO.li) 64 .12 NW ' Cloudy .00
Phcenix 20.80 0« CS NE Cloudy .00
Point Reyea fi4 j
Portland H0.02 CS 54 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 20.84 00 C8 SE Clear. .00
Roseburg 30. fK) 7*3 4(5 N Cloudy .00
SacramenM ..2ft.Si» SO «*2 S.-' Cloudy .»'O
Salt Lake 2y.!>« 82 f>4 NW Clear .<*)
San Francisco.:!:*. MS * 60 54 W Cloudy Tr.
S. L. Chirpo.. 23. 06 74 B4 W Clear .00
J-.an Diego 20.00 76 70 NW Clear .00
Seattle :*0.04 71 4S NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.00 70 30 N Clear SO
Tatoosh ..'SO.OS .'.2 W) SW Clear .00
Walla Walla. 29. 9$ t>2 4S SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ;l?i.<.K2 gS 42 W Clear .00
Ynma 29.73 100 70 SW CIe.ar .00
WEATHER 'CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
' FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails throughout the interior
of California and over the northern plateau
region; in other districts the weather is cloudy.
Light rain has fallen in Northern Arizona,
Southern Utah and Southwestern Nevada A
light rrrlnkl.-. also fell at San Francisco.
Thunderstorms are reported at Independence
and Flagstaff.
The pressure 'has risen alone the coast and
fallen over Idaho and Montana.
The temnhrature has fallen in Central Cali
fornia, Western Oregon and New Mexico and
risen over Idaho.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlnr midnight, September 15: c
: Northern California— Cloudy or foggy along
the coabt. fair In the interior Thursday; freeh
west wind.
Southern California.— Fair Thursday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Probably light showers Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy or foi?g}
Thursday; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, temporarily In charge.
Th» Oceanic Steamship liner
¦Harirosa. Captain Rennie, sailed yesterday
lor Tahiti, the land of eternal cummer, to
«rb$cfc land the traveling public is now turn
ing a* the ideal place for absolute change and
perfect rest.
l.inor Mariposa Sails.
FROM SEATTLE
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
_ , , September 15. I '
Rainier Seattle & Bellnchm 4 pm Pier 10
M. Dollar... Grays Harbor. 4 11m Pier 20
Breakwater, c.'oos Bay direct .1 pm Pier 8
Eurdka Homboldt 9 am Pier 13
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 2
State ofCal. San Diego & Way. » am Plerill
Chico Coquille River .... lu am Pier 2
September 16.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor Pier —
Northland. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
S. Monica... Los Antreles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar — 1 Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
New burg... j Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Corona j Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Hathor.... . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Coos Bay... San Pedro &.Way. 9 am Pier 11
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
September 17.
Oregonlan.. New York Pier 25
Argal .. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatitla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Barracouta* N. Y. via Ancon...ll2 m Pier 40
Alameda... . Honolulu J 11 am Pier . 7
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B..| |Pier 16
I September 18. • I
Centralla. .. iGrays Harbor...... 4 pmlPler 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 amlPler 11
September 19. I |
San Pedro. . Irumboldt I 4 nm! Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 3
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. C> pm Pier 20
September 20.
Elizabeth. ... Coquille River 5 pm Pier **0
Arcita Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Korea | China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
September 21.
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
September 22.
Q"* en j Puset Sound Ports. |11 am Pier 9
1 September 23. I
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pm pi er «o
September 24. |
Aurelia Astoria A Portland! 5 pm|Pier 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll amlPler 24
Feru N. Y. via Ancon...|12 m Pier 40
The ft»»iaf-r Mary D. Hum", ' which was
Funk oK Ekuk Island, In Nuyhagak Bay. is
re;x:rted to have been sold and faired by th»
t>uy«-r. i-'he was to have railed Aucuw i<5 for
this i>ort.
Mary I>. Hume Raised
The British fhip Hampton, which was
cuoted for reinsurance at 6 per cent, arrived
Tu<-Mia>- nig-ht at Port Los Anrele*. 1*1 days
rrotn Antwerp. Tfjp Ivar Aaoen is now the
oajy vessel on the overdue lift. Fh~ 1% quoted
Rt IS r>^r cent.
Overdue Ship Kraehcs Port.
WEATHER rd&H JttT.
TO SAIL
for Colon.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Sept 18— Etmr
Minnesota, for San Francisco, via Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGIERS— Sailed SeDt ' 6^-Br tslmr Trebia,
for Delaware Breakwater.
HARWICH— Arrived Eeot 11— Fr bark Ar
isen, from Oregon.
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Auk 28— Ger
«mr Eaxonia. from Hamburr, for San Fran
cisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Sept 1— Fr bark
Anne de BreUrne, from Hamburs-
TSCIIIO. NEW CALEDONIA — Arrived Sept
12 — Fr-bark Croi?set, from Santa Rosalia; Fr
bark l)l«-p)>«dall», from Santa Rosalia,
ST VINCENT— Arrived Sept 14 — Ber stmr
Serapis. hence June 4 for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 14— Fr bark La
Hniyere. from Portland, Ore.
RAN BKNITO— Failed Sept 10— Ger stmr
Nk-ar1a. for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Scot 14 — Br stmr Km
press of India, from Hsngkoag.
Hailed Kept 14— Br ship Falktandbank, for
Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOBK— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Oce
anic, from LiverjKiel.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Se»t 14 — Stmr Sierra,
hence Sept R. '-. .'•'¦'. ¦ ;¦ I ¦¦
Arrived Sept 14 — Br stmr Coptic, hence Sept
8. and sailed; bark R P Rlthet, for San Fran-
C KAHULUI-- Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Nevadan,
from Honolulu. ? ' -J :< w
MANILA— Sailed Auk 31— Br itmr Lowther
Castle, for New York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Alliance,
hpjic* F*pt 10: fitmr Anw. hence Sept 0.
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Whittier. for Fan Fran-
C SEATTLE— Arrived StDt 14— Rtmr Jefferson,
> Sailed >Seot "13-r-Stmr City of Seattle, for
SI POKT > LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 13— Br
»hlp Hamilton, from Antwerp. Sept 13— Stmr
San Mnteo. fr^m Tacoroa.
TACOMA— Arrived Sent 14— Stmr Hyades,
from Hongkong: stmr Edith, from Astoria;
bktn J L Evtston, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Sejit 14— Stmr Phoenix,
hence Sept 12: rtmr Noyo, hence Sept 12; stmr
Pomona, hence Sect 13.
Sailed t>est 14— .Schr Ida OIcKay. for San
Francisco: fchr John A. for San Francisco;
wtinr Bout* Bay. for San Franeisoo.
GRVYS HARBOR- Sailed Sept l.i— Sstmr
Ch<>ha : is, tor San Francisco; stmr Santa. Mon
ica for fian Kranci«eo; schr Comet, for San
PeJrr ; rohr Failor Boy. for San Francisco,
briK Ljrlir.e. tor San Franc!*co.
Arrived S>r>t 13— Schr Jessie Minor, henc«
> NEW PORT— Sailed Sept 14— Schr Ix>uts<\
for Unnpqua. ! _ .
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 14— Schr
Robert Searles. for San Francisco.
SIUSLAW— Arrived S?Dt VI— Schr AUc«
Klmball. hence Auk 10.
BOUTH BEND — Sailed Sort 13— Bktn
Gleaner, for San Francisco.
REPONDO— Arrived Sept 14— Schr Luzon.
from Grays Harbor; schr Edward K West,
from Grays Harbor; rtmr Asuncion, hence
Sept 12 and sailed for San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 14— Schr Olpa. for Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
John 0 North, from Port Ludlow.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sort 14— Stmr Na
tional Oily with cchr Expansion in tow, hence
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr
Bonlta. for San Pedro, hence Sept -12; stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco -
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Francisco, via San Pedro.
RAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 14— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Eureka: Rtmr Despatch, from
Port Harford; «mr Brooklyn, from San Diego.
Sailed Sept 14— Schr Volunteer, for Coos
Bay; <tmi Samoa, for San Francisco; stmr
Brooklyn, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 14 — Schr
John G North, for San Francisco.
PORT MADISON— Sailed Sept 14— Schr Co
lumbia, for San Pedro.
BRITISH SHIP DITTON, WHICH WENT ASHORE TUESDAY NIGHT BROADSIDE ON. ON THE BKACH JUST BEIX)W THE
CUFF HOUSE. AND WAS ONLY SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION BY A RISING TIDE AND THE PROMPT ARRIVAL TO
HER ASSISTANCE OF THREE POWERFUL TUGBOATS.
Dr. George H. Boskowitz. assistant
emergency hospital surgeon, has re
signed his position on the municipal
staff of assistant surgeons, the resig
nation to take effect to-day. Dr. Bos
kowitz has been connected with the
emergency , hospital service for the
last five years, during which time he
has made for himself an excellent rep
utation as a careful practitioner, hav
ing been called upon to deal with
hundreds of complicated cases, such
as are brought to an emergency hos
pital. In addition to this, he was
courteous and accommodating to the
general public and the press.
Hospital Surgeon Resigns.
TJie board of lady managers of the
Children's Hospital have arranged an
other entertaining programme for this
evening and as the benefit entertain
ment closes to-night the board antici
pates a good, strong rally of the
friends of the institution. »
Owing to the success of the children's
entertainment yesterday the board has
decided to hold another children's fete
this afternoon.
The Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band
played selections under the direction
of Mr. Mauser and there were dances
by the Misses Dorothy Walker, Flora
Graver. Katherine Ingis. Mildred Mas
sey, Edith Eiianger. Helen Phelps and
Lottie Horner and Miss Blanche Lyons
rendered a vocal selection.
In the afternoon one of the interest
ins features was the doll contest. The
first prize, a silver loving cup, was
awarded Miss Helen L,eavitt, who car
r!ed a flaxen haired, chubby faced doll,
that won general admiration. The sec
ond prize, a beautiful imported "baby
rose" fan, went to Miss Margaret Car^
rigan and the third prize, also an iirij
ported fan. was presented to Miss Ma?
jorie Fonda. "Dinah," a doll repre
senting a colored girl,' also won a prize
for Dorothy Gardner of Alameda.
The second day of the Children's
Hospital benefit took place yesterday
in Mechanics* Pavilion and the after
noon and evening programmes were
admirable and contained a variety of
amusements all the way from a splen
didly executed exhibition drill by the
Columbia Park Boys' Club, commanded
by Major Sidney S. Peixotto, to acro
batics, wrestling and sparring by mem
bers of the Olympic Club under the
leadership of John, A. Hammersmith.
Australia and as far as can be ascer
tained without placing the vessel on
tb« drydot k, she suffered no damage
while on the beach.
At noon on Tuesday Captain Davis
thought he was eight miles off shore.
The weather was thick and landmarks
that would have enabled him to ascer
tain his position with accuracy were
Invisible. The Ditt^n held on her course
until 7 o'clock p. m.. when Captain
Davis altered the course to east north
east, .^oundinirs were taken at 7:S0
•o'clock p. m.. but with 20 fathoms of
line out no bottom was found. At 7:35
o'clock it was again "twenty fathoms
and no bottom." At 8:30 o'clock the
lookout reported "land ahead."
The helm was placed hard to port,
th~ yards taken forward on the port
braces, but the Ditton refused to
change her course. Another heave of
the !-=ad showed only four fathoms of
vater. The starboard anchor was let
pn, the sail? were clewed up and furl
ed and Captain Davis turned his at
tention to securing help.
Blue lights were burned and rockets
sent up. The fog cleared somewhat
and after several hours somebody on
horseback waved a torch from the
I -each. Then came the lifeboat and
afw-r that the tugs.
The Ditton was 74 days coming from
Bound to this port from Newcastle,
Australia, with 41bO tons of coal in her
holds, the Ditton lost her way in the
toe and at 8:30 o'clock Tuesday night
went ashore, broadside on, about five
miles below the Cliff House. Her sig
nals of distress were seen by the life
saving beach patrol and at midnight a
lifeboat was alongside the stranded
vessel. The fives of those aboard the
f»hip were In no immediate danger, so
ihe life savers returned to shore and
notified the towboat companies.
The Spreckeis tug Defiance started
for the scene within five minutes of
the tim" news was received of the dis
aster and was alongside the Ditton be
fore 2 o'clock. The tugs Relief and
Sea Fox followed later.
Before the other boats got there,
however, the Defiance had pulled the
Ditton's nose seaward and when the
tide had risen sufficiently the three
boats made short work of pulling the
Britisher into deey water.
The Ditton is commanded by Cap
tain TV*. Davis, whose wife makes her
home aboard the ship. Mrs. Davis was
«sl»*ep when the vessel struck and the
striking never stirred her slumbers.
W'hen she went on deck yesterday
morning the vessel was anchored off
BfelSES wharf. Captain Davis told his
•wife of t.he night's peril as they break
fasted.
That the British ship Ditton is not
lying in the surf below the Cliff House,
pounding herself to pieces to the dirge
music of the roaring breakers, is due,
first, to the fart that the went ashore
at low crater and second, to the little
time lost by the Spreckeis Towboat
Company in sending assistance.
Spreckeis Tugs Tow
Her From Beach
at High Tide.
Olympic Members and the
Columbia Park Boys' Club
Give Fine Entertainment
ENJOYABLE PKOGRAMME
First Prize Won by Miss
II. Leayitt at Ch ildren'^
Hospital Benetit Fete
NUMBERS
-OF THE-
Honduras National Lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers Class "I" Drawn at
Puerto Cortcz, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, September 10, 1904.
..¦.¦."%¦'¦ '
Vo Prlz*. INo. Prt7«. No ' PrU«
¦UT 24) 407 24 669 1«
732 80 772 24 842 40
017 40 1036 40 1077 lt»
1135 40 1215 40 1253 24
1352 24 1379 80 1485 24
1541 40 1800 24 1S55 80 1
1SS2 24 1913 24 1978 16
199« 24 2048 24 2487 24
2C45 1« 2673 24 2719 16
2817 21 2S59 24 29«9..:.. 40
29S3 40 a.101 1C| 3405 16
3420 24 3458 241 3534 24
3582 24 3717 16 3*92 40
404S 80 4108 40| 4150 16 1
4188..... 40 4200 40| 4416 SO'
4131 16 48C0 16| 5220 80 i
5314 16 5368 1« 8405 . 80 1
5946 24 6012 40 6QT7 24 j
ttll«5 18 6117 24 «2<58 1«
«236 40 6303 1«| W33 40
«3ni l«f 65S« 40| 6M>8 18 '
e«SO lt> 6S17 16i 6S52 120.
714S 24 7177 24 7219 24'
734S 16 7598 16 7451 40 1
75W 16 8100 16 «136 ltt ;
$257 24 8315 16 8359 24;
So'l 24 8473 40 8558 400)
85«3 16 8505 4018767 16 1
S8«2 16 S389 16 8997 24
18282 24 0286 -40 9308 40
0470 -80 0496 16 0672 80
9b84 16 U0B6 1"S 0739 1«
W*OO 40 1013S 40 10175 18
1025S 16 10357 18110413 1«
1C4S-J SO 1C5.H.:... ltJ|iraS7 40
10«j # JS 24 10»wi 16|1O7.V5 ltf
10751 40 10757 24|10798 24
10sti7 16 10P03 24111038 40 I
11002 lBilllia 16111211 80j
11249 24,112fi5 24I11S57 18
11902 l« 119«4 1 1!| 11*1 45 401
12156 16 1£219 24|122?« 18
12aiiO 24 12441 24112475 80
1247U 40 12491 16112498 16 '
12512 16 12747 I6|1276li 16 1
l-t» f J5 1« 130H3 120113107 16!
13145 40113158 40|13259 18
i:«6« 1«|134B6 24113524- 24
13513 $0|13t»0 16J13750 1C
13820 24|13S32 16113874 24
l:»77 40|13021 • 24 14050 18
14002 40 14324 24|14517 1« i
145C1 24 14U01 . 10 14789 ltt j
HS47 24 14W6 40' 14075 1« '
1506H 40 15162 24 15255 16 i
154ti5 40 13510 16115577 16 1
l- r >«61 16115711 241157*41 4» i
15S7-5 80J16197 24|16374 801
1W19 24H6503 24|lti648 40
l«710 12<i|l«752 24|17OC2 40'
1T075 16 17281 80J17516 ltt |
17562 16 175»8 80|17«22 24 :
17G72 16|1775!» 30(17803 40 1
17MS 24J17078 10118143 24
18158 40J18180 80(18229 80
18300 40J18305 40|l$32S 16 I
1M58 40 18519 24I1SP47 24 !
18"*1 24 18SO7 40|18S«5 24!
im$7 « 40119120 8 ( J|19104 24,
1»244 80I19.357 40[l»5?l l«
10525 16|19541 8O|l»5t59 2*!
lOtilS 24J19730 80J10731 24
\»J 7 » 16|lO83tf 4OOI138«8 16 I
2»'» 16,20145 18 20185 16 i
20446 4u;20456 2fj204Stt 24
2i.i671 l«;20973 24.21047... . 40
21M3 16121191 1621S02 16
21478 ltV214>«i 4O;21400 40
Sle-IT 18|21«S5 16 21729 16
21S34 16121874 lfl'21DU... . 24
2*"16 24122345 40122445 24 I
22553 ltt|»K85 24;22ti5O lfi •
?*1*5 I«,227i8 Ki!23U05 16!
23138 40!2:U60 1BJ23252 18
23258 1«;23425 16;23568 10 !
2.'K>0« 24123702 20OOI23783 IH .
23778 24123801 18I23S54 2» j
23857 16!23S6'5 24|2:W7«. 24!
-MW 24 24003 40I24128 1G I
2*2« 24 24273 1«|24293 14 !
2«07 40[21410 16,24535 80 ;
245«1 lH! 24.175 24I24R56 16'
24728...... l«!2480rt 24 24933 4O !
24960 16;2,VX)7 12CI25O0S 24 I
2S1O5 40i25141 16J25187 40 1
2."267 80125231 24 25302 24 I
25343 40!254«3 24 25473 16 1
25549 24125594 18J25711 24 I
25810 .24125814 lfl!258$9 24 '
2^02:) 18125939 24128081 40 !
20122 12OI2Q233 16!2«2P.6 40(>
2K570 8O2A4A1 120128471 24
2«609 24l24.«fia l«!2«?780 4t>
2fi834 1CI28S44 24I2MSS2 1«
2C892 16:20916 16'2ffi)50 IB
»5972 24!2fl»78 24I272«0 16
27390 16(27480 -18127490 24 !
27605 16127aS7 24127738 18 '
27818 24!278«1 40128103 w)
28191 8012.8408 16128524 16
2^072 18!28700 2412SS48 Sl>
29088 24I291S1 40!20.'!91 18 i
20418 16I2SM79 80120708 18
30079 16I3O200 40130210 24
3C270 12)'i30388 24:30563 4,1
»%"!) 24I3O«O8 40I30685 80
3Of»78 40130736 1613C008 40
SlOfil 18I3110S 40131209 16
81321 16131342 24131354. J... 24
S1375 80131631 80131717 24
31842 ¦ 18131857 16)32001 -4
82O17 16IS2O79 KH322W 40
32294 ..... 8OI323fiS 2413238.1 24 I
32519 16132588 16132037 24
3203S 16133132 16I3324O lfl i
33249 401.13258 lfi!333O2 40 !
33311 40133395 241*3488 18 '
33878 40;.nSOC 16133838 24 I
33040 24(33097 16'34213 24 1
34253 40134295 4OI34.1OO f2«
34468 24134850 4OI34PTO 18
85040 24135103 1RI3.1251 1«
33308 80135428 24135541 18
3S723 80135772 1613.1840 24
STOflO 16l3fiO«8 18136187 lOrtrt !
86208 8013637!) 40! 384 18 24 i
3fi««.1 18'3««34 iftftfUVM "4!
3«fiSS...... 16I.W802 16!3*347 80
S«<74 4f>l3B!>78 16137A17 lit
37022.^... 1813714.". 16!371«9 24
87172 16137105 24I37580 40 :
37JW5 80*37812 24I37674 18
37708 16!37122 120137728 16
87750 24(37788 18'37fMT . 24
3«220 80f383.no 1R:3S52!» 4O
38852 ]fl!38#2<> 4OSS018 1«
3«f»47 24!3J>0rt7 18I3R013 4(>
39017 18130248 40130328 1« '
30331 1P.I3R446 21130488 18
30725 24)308111 A0I30AR1 3000O
40«»0 40l4003. r » 21:401 «W 24
40487 120*4051.1 24'4O.VB> 2*
4f«12 2» 140727 16'4OM.T3 16
40«3« 24140073 24>41015 24
41023 10141074 40t ,
411?.% 1RI41182 KH41317 2*
414fi«..... 1BI4154-1 24U1MH 18
41882 4Of41«ni 4a'417-«4 2*
417S2 1A'41*21 1«I43O75 40
421S2 18142210 lfi'4??-2 18
4?3Oft 120U?n53 2H4WW7. ..«. 18
.42453 1BI454O7..... 16^2.147..... 18
42574 8O!4?«19... .». 18I42HW 18
42848 4OI42S7S..... 8AU2S77 Jt
42048 24*42088 I«'43164 40
43181. 2414.1932 24 1 4a«tt7 18
4337.1.-.7.. R0 l 4^•KU 1«'4"*R4S 24
43R70 24*43700 80*43783 2t
?1701 JWlU-TOOO 8O''441ft2 24
44107 16'4»1«2 1«U4541 «
44247 80!44'77 80144200 18
44202 2-H44.T8S 1 1«'4*»50. .... 80
44520 18i44K>13. .... 40!44«» 18
44789 4«V'44828.. ... 16(44053 18
45083 lBU?iO.<«7 1614.1381. . . .". 40
45504 24l4R5«0 18UM1T 24
4PR29 24> 4.1733 16U5779 18
45700 lfi!l.1»*20...., 24'4R041 18
46021 l«!4B0nT 4O»4«234 18
4«24R 16'4fi?.W 11*14^22 18
4R470 24'4r.1iA 2414A.140 18
48727 1«I48R28 18t4flOW 80
47114 lfi'47170..,,. . lfi'47770 12O
47288 1«'47320 18U7341 40
47r.«y» 24I47R75 18)47701 1«
47728 16147747 lf!:4«*130 1«
48170 1RI482S8 16|4<t.144 18
4S843 40I4S75O lfit4S772 18
48814 m'4«WO 8C4OO14 SO
40020 4OUatO4 24'1»483...,. 18
49480 24I4O3OO 16I4MUM 18
40722 21'4»7."2 24I49S78 24
40011 241.10047..... 1*100078 18
60100 1f!'R0138 40150481 40
,")O»82 ' 40150407 24'5W«I3... . 18
BOS 16 24I500T..1 24I.-.107S . 16
M146. 241.11171 401.11321 40
B1S21 161.11 4.1S 80151470 16
B1510 40'Rir.il... .. • JftlRi.vtO... 24
M57.1..... ' 24!R1«71 40.11711 18
P1727 40S1»M..... 40.11W0 80
' B21JW l«'iKSr»...... 1AM234A 24
P2303 24*52400.. §. lftf525»0 1«
r.2027..... 24'S2C2O..T. 241.12S87 -. 40
B2880 4ftt5W7« 40153180 J»
.13182 4O!R32S4 401.13-123 Jo
! B3-J.17 18151487 l«'M47t!I"I 10
R3949: 801.14341 161.14^43 24
' B4ft4!> 1BIMW2.".... 16I54S0O . 40
MS24 - 24lB5T 1 a2 16155072...' 24
55085..... 161.15102 24'.V>284 24
WHIM.;;-.".' 18I.-..1.171..... 24I53RM 16
R5747 8O!.V17ft7 4i) ! 5P2fi2. . . .. 18
56.108 24!fleWl 12013*471. /.. 24
RA47.1/ 18M*3S2 1«!SO«11 C*^120
BWT48 16156707.:-.'.-.' 401.18817 24
66832; r.'.. 40150)36. ..-.. 16157043 ... 16
i571P3..:.. 12OT.7230 80157251..... 16
67513 .40!R7Mft 8O!575«S..... 40
, B78.17 16J57874 ..... 40»
'67889 24157008..... 16M7944 24
i B7O«8 1201.18060 4A!.18flO7 21
BS200. .... 24IS8219 24 1 58283 10
! 58270 16158408 16!.VCV>0 1«
! BS513 .12OIS852S 16I58551 8O
JB8948 . 40IB0022 1«I6»(»5 40
MKMY7 16I.W00.1 16'50122 lfl
.B»146 ;;..-. 24IWKBJ .V...", 60(59280 > l«
K1315 . 401.10342 . 40159410 80
59520..... 16150524..... 16H9885...... 18
K)711 16180840..... 24150875.. ... -16
C0163 16(60187..... 80|60199 .40
00229..... - lfl 60325..... ;' §o| 60628.;... 80
«tt39 16(60381..... 40I6O402 16
60444...;. ¦161*0407..... 16f8Cfi31 40
6Ofi34..... ¦40!80R02:....- 40180000.. ... 18
.60921;.... ' 16[61087 .'.'... 4t>I61105.,,,, 40
DOLL CONTEST
INTERESTING
No. Prize.! No. Prtxe.l No. Prize.
«1219 16|6132« 2*|61338 19
6142tt 8O|«H«3 ltftttlMtt 24
61045 40i«lt>4«J 24,«1«U3 24
81719 16S1753 4Ot61sm *>
6MW» 40 t tt»lI 24,«211ti 1*
82117 24 U2213 4O|B2S19 ltt
«32» ltfjttjfos 24|«2-iS7 1<J
uiawi 401B2712 40;62745 1*
62968..... 24 63003 80;t£J«Jttl 8O
B3712 24,»»7«O 24|«UMj1*J X8
tto»40 12t*|<W»4tf S0.B3S33 IS
*»WS2 40|«4110 1B,<H2O& 24
«4-i-> 16,64337 24ti4l»3 4i>
64578. 80i64580..... 21;6-J8S7 24
64TU6 S0,t»178 400Ot«31I 80
65372 ltSiSSttiH Itt«53l4 24
6*104 40;«811O 24 I «6113 W
6C240 l«i«C392 SOi«tM23 4O
«<341» lri •>;:„-,.; lttititstKKi 24
66624 16,tWUM ltt«WtW0 *O
WJ731 241«70»S3 1«» B7195 1*
67207 l«;tt73«J8 lts|tS7326 24
«75S4 166T702 16;«7715 4O
67724 16i«77«4 40167795 4O
6S002 1*5 riSi -3 40Oit5it0s9 24
68160 l«i6&240 ie,6.<>243 24
6S&H l«j6Sn)3 18 CS92S 4O
60029 80160073 14,69219 24
80311 2469439 80160683 43
6JWS9 lttiRMM 18i70O34 4l>
71)039 l«'700»4 24)70175 ltt
70220 16170237 40i70277 19
703S3..... 18170415 24,70448 1«
70631 16170702 lrt!70724..... 1«
70727 16,70032 ie;70O4l 4O
70070 24(71027 24 71^)1 4O
71295 40(71503 40171827 4ft
71730 24 71*41 18I71S70 21
72087 lS]721tW 18|72213 IS
72219/ 18,72231 16i72288 4i»
72322 4Oi7235O 40)72407 24
72549 16i72rtO5 24|72944 24
720S4 4O|73OO8 4073045 24
73130 24J731?*..... 161731S4..... 1C
7324$ 24 73391 24,73393 24
72M9 24i73tm 16i73911 12O
73943 16|743W 16744l« 1«*
74t22 24 744S1 16I744S6 40
74503 16 74575 40|74«6S 4flO
74J>&6 80 75112 16t75285 24
75439 24 75480 16175650 4O
75710 16 75786 18,73912 4O
75939 16175961 16!75fl81 2»
76033 16J7HU2 24J7G164 IS
781R0 18|7fi39S 24176581 2*
78593 18i76»5O3 16I78SO4 1>*
76903 24J76907 18 76039 14
77049 l«i77200 18177212 1«
77255 16,77550 1000(77833..... 1*
7*O7S 24 78102 1678283 1«
78313 16 78377 40178437 1H
7S5O3 1«>7833» 24|7SCC* W
78*44*1:1! 4n|790C9 40(79043 l4
7!W2» 40I7JVW3 24178432 1«
7948.1 16I795S3 16I7SHW2 1«
7B712 1617BS29 4OS79S30 40
70SS8 1«|SO3O5 24!SO412 1*
80583 4O!f«W57 181*0775 SO
807W..... 40!»iJM5 16S08«9 24
S0895 24S10O1 4081147 12»
$1153 16J81187 *li*l243».... 4»
S144S 2481479 24'«14R1 Id
81«O4 li>;Rl":«« WIS1740 1*
81748 IB 81796 24; 81935 2t
S2227 24IS2274 16J32325 1*
$2t?Q5 24'82721 40IS2802 4O
S2S3S 16.S2W8 16182907 24
82923 2415*2033 80;32965 M
«3<m 16! 83097 80 83113 8l>
S3167 800fl!!«264 40 ftOJG 8t»
£3448 24'«."!868 168H680 1*
S37S5 24l83f>5O SOiMOM 4»
84009 24184091 . 24 S4O98 W>
S4208 1R184219 1BIS4.TS0 80
84397 4084577 IS 84715 16
847.15 24H4889 2485C25 1*
8MVM 24185007 40195130 40
851«9 24'85258 24185343 24
85345 I«i85442 80|85453 4O
85511 1«;85«37 1«!S5647 I*
85740 24 S57D1 80(85300 24
85965 40 8WS5 24!Srttl2 24
8«211 2t8«24l I«i8«2a2 It
86412 24;s«313 80I88650 1«
8«702 80(86803 40iS6877 1«
8«aO8 16i87005 18 ( S7140 18
87340 2487 JS1 18|S7KW 2t
87R33 1«!87«45 40187050 24
87842 40'S7*50 24IS7931 1«
879S9 24187977 24*7979 l«
87997 8OiS805O ie;8H075 Id
8SC98 SOiWU.1 1»»:WIS2 24
8S213 40I8S217 1618JCJ0S lfl
8S7tV> in'88.S03 24 8S842 X*
88990 40;S910t ie|S916S Ill
H92S1 40'89323 24|893«4 1«
S9328 12fiW5«rt 2t>«8f« 24
89674 40189711 8089879 16
8099« 16190108 16:90218 18
»07«5 24190788 16 90849 1*
009SO l«;»0099 120;91CO5 40
01136 4" 01 Hi 40 91342 18
91627 1«|9!714 241H912 18
01978 16:92038 1692220 24
92290 16 ! 92291 16I92333 18
92377 16192405 16:9251S 24
02«26 1«|92727 l«;i)2793 18
02029 24,93140 K0:93151 18
032TO 80^93403 16!9a4l7 12t»
93437 40!f«456 1« 0.-J502 2ft
033«2 2419T.538 16|9.-)639 21
0:i672 2433t591 2493771 «0
KH98 16WS10 4093923 18
942B2 16|»42.S9 1R 943SO ltt
04.T81 16 94412 16',O444S 24
»44«1 1 16(04490 24!945H4 24
94579 It:in4()24 4O|!)5<W1.^ . .. 1«
95236 16195381 241955S9 40
95624 16!93«41 24:957&8 1H
05821 4OJIK5152 16I961«1 1«
0t}«9 80!9«i«7O lfiO68-"K> 10
06005 40:9fl059 16I972S7 li
97332 1697K09 2497CO 24
07783 40197924 1897353 1«
97939 24198003 24;9»118 *<>
98207 169S257 120108545 18
08501 24108896 1698925 It*
0«m 24'98959 21199044 80
00078 16I90132 lti!9t»229 tiO
09263 IBlOprill 80inO."v»0 18
00629 24.nn.s47 wiaooio in
99967 16I999SD 40J99090 J8
PROMPT ASSISTANCE SAVES THE DITTON FROM
SHARING FATE OF THE STRANDED DRUMBURTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 190*.
7
OCEAN TRAVEIj.
/fir *?"s. Steamers leave Broadway
/Oy^~*§9\ ¦ wharvcs <Piers 9 and 11).
/?yyC San Francisco:
/ft/ TOii* ¦*» \«*\ For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
I I VwOT* « I I Jun^au. Haine?. Skagway,
\ \ \r«*<^/ / etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\*k \\ * j/tf/ 12 - 17 > 22. 27. October i.
Yi»S*L_^ / V/ Change to this company's
XHWy eteamers at Seattle.
.^~SZ~^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Bel-
llngham— 11 a. nv. Sept. 12. 17. 22. ¦ 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13, 19, 25. October 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m., Sept. 10, 10. 22. CS. October 4.
For Lo» Angeles (via 'Port Lcs Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblepo), Ventura and Huencme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. 12, 20. 28. October 6.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 6. 16. 24, October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further informatlonobtain folder. Right
is reserved to change uteamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotef). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Frelffht Office, 10 Market st.
, C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San FmncUeo.
The Pacific, Tran«t*r Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and .check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
GREAT REDUCTION IN RATES
First class, ?40; 'second class. $30 and up-
ward, according to ths line, steamer and ac-
commodation.
AMERICAN X.XOTB.
Plymouth- — Cherboure — Southampton.
From New York, Saturdays, 9:30 a, m.
New York Sept. 2-i I Philadelphia ...Oct. 8
St. Paul......... Oct. llGerm^nic ......Oct. 15
AT&ANT20 TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — Tondon Direct.
Mlnnefka-Sept.24,5 anflMnneRpls,Oct.S,4:30 an*
Mlnneh'a..Oct. 1. 9 amlManitou. .Oct. 15,9 am
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion...... Sept. 24|Canada Ort *» i
Vancouver Oct. II Southward Oct. 15
BED STAB LINE.
How York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling ct Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland Sent. 24 1 Zeeland . ....... . . Oct. «
Kroonland.....-Oct. I 'Finland ..Oct. 15
WHITS STAB LIHTE.
H«w York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Oceanic. Sept. 21. 3 pnrl Celtic... Sept. 30. 0 am
Arabic Sent.23.4:30 pro Bnltie. Oct. 6. 2 pm
Teuton'ic.Sep. 28. 10 am Majestlc.Oct. 12, 10 am
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTO2J.
Fast Twln-Soraw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 16,000 Tons.
Boston — Qneenstown — Iiivernool. . |
Cymric ..;... Oct. 13. Nov. 17 !
HEW YOBK AND BOSTON DXBECT
To the Mediterranean, ¦
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Nawles, Genoa.
,• FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC... Oct. 20. Dec. 1, Jan. 14. Feb. 25
rnVTIC ....Nov. S. T>c. 12. Feb. 4. March 13
u * FROM BOSTON.
C\NOPTC Ort. S. Nov. lfl. .Tan 7. Feb. 1«
ROMANIC. Oct. 2H. Dec. 10. Jan. 2S, March 11
C D TAYLOR. PaFaenger Ae^nt Pacific Coast,
" ' 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
8 S ALAMEDA; for Honolulu. Sent. 17, 11 a.m!
S S SONOMA; for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 p.m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti,. Oct. 20, 11 a. m.
J.D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Ajtt.,TiClBt OflCl 613 TCU-
tet. rnliiat Offlcj 329 Manet St., Pier 7, pacific >t
COMFAGXIB GENIBSLCTBAKSlTwART.QUX.
rviRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j/^/; .-'
Sailing every Thursday instead of <v>fj'«
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. . s
North River, foot of Morton »t.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond claw to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
rANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI i CO.. Pacific Coast
AEents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket AgenU. ,
To V. S. Havy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves; S. F.. foot of
Clay st'.. north end ferry bldg.— Week days,
o -30 v A M.. 8 and »8 P.' M. ; Sundays.. 6:30
a' M "*8 P. M. -. Leave* Vallejo— Week day».
6-50 A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 "P. M.; Sundays. S
p' : jl Fare, 25c ' each ¦ way. Excursion rates
Sundays to' Vallejo. Glen ' Cove and * Martinez.
50c round trip. PIPER. ADEN,. GOODALL
1 CO."' Phone Main 641: "Saturday excepted.'
To TJ. S. Havy -Yard and Vallejo.
• Stmrs General Frlsbie,' Monticello and Arrow.'
9:45 a. m., 12:30, 3:19." 6, »:30 p. m. (ex.eSun.);
Sundays, 9:45 a. 'in.'.* 8:30 p. m.- Leave ValUjo
7, 0 arm.. 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days,.? a.*, m.." 4:15. p. ;m. .Pier 2, foot Mis-
sion street; phone: Main IMS. HATCH BROS.Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c. 7 %, 4th st
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster Housa.*
Special /Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Prsss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 280 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1043, •
A woman wishing to'getoff a trolley
this morning pulled 'the I strap ; to: stop
the xar. The bell rangjboth' ends.'' . " .
"What did you ring ' both ? ends . for?"
asked the conductor/':' >' \:>, •;.:;=
"I want. both ends to; stop," was": the
withering retort.— Boston Record... . . >.
Her lletort
Townsend's California Glace f raits In
artistic" fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
A New York Judge has rendered the.decree that one cannot be
disorderly in a saloon. "N'York for me" is now the cry of all 'the
gentry of the cocktail territory.
Now that the Paraguayan revolutionists have everlastingly
licked the government, who, in the natural order of things South
American, is going to lick the revolutionists?
A number of professional pearl hunt
ers are now. at ;Ottawa, Kas., for the
purpose of making a systematic hunt
of-the'Marals des Cygnes for pearl
bearins clams. It 13 not generally
known that some beautiful pearls have
been taken from Kansas waters. 'Csu
ally; they. are. found by boys. in swim
ming, or wading, and "it Is not known
that they have ever, been professionally
searched for. Not long since a boy near
Fort Scott found '¦ vj pearl that sold for
$200. The '. professionals at Ottawa are
convinced • that tthey can ; make money
by dragging the Kansas streams.
PEARL FISHING IX KANSAS.
In an Illinois town of esthetic atmosphere a man was arrested
for painting his favorite dobbin a royal purple and driving* him to
church so glorified. Thus do we see the constant clash of the schools
in art. The man was probably an impressionist.
seen^ '''¦/'"^'¦r- -/'.' J ' : '-; ; '"'¦ \'.-;- ; v
I ; The most ; disinterested \ Jove Is, ; after'
all,-. but '_a ''kind of 'bargain in which ;the
dear. love*, of ,oi^r own; selves, always pro-;
poses fto/_be) the f gainer " some • ; way .'•' "or,
other.-rRochefoucauld. »•¦ •'.'. ., . .' .:. . '.'¦
Rather than . v say i nothing,. . men ; are
content.to speak ill, of themselves: ¦ .
: "•¦ A' croud man can never be a loser;
no,; not ¦ even when he renounces his
bride.. \," * \\\ ¦' "JW 1 •'¦, ¦ ""-''.. ¦ '
• '; It" is ; much ' less , for; a man's • honor i to
dlstirusthis friends' than to ;be deceived
by them.. V^ ''"-"'¦
Few i people ' have 'the wisdom - to : like
reproofs that , would .do ; them- good ;bet
terjthan praises. that do them'hurt.
': It' Is vwithi*; true ; love, , as ; with ghosts
and t apparitions, -• a • ' thing^ that every
body, talks" of ;and scarce ariybody\hath
Budget of Maxims^
silky; waists - the., last rinsing water
should be very; slightly blued, and no
waists (or • ribbons ever washed in very
hot "water. Make., a lather of tepid
water,! rubbing no .' soap directly on the
fabric- If the garment is much soiled,
soak-it, first, in ; a little borax water.
After rinsing in several . waters .it
should be wrapped In a. soft cloth, the
moisture; to, be pressed, not wrung, out
of ; it. '.:¦-; It i can ,' be ' ironed ; at once while
still^wet, but' a : piece of thin muslin
must-be^put 'between the iron and the
silk, % ;so long- as.a^bit of- moisture re
mains \ in\ it, otherwise ; the ' Iron" will
streak* the- fabric inia-way that is dif
ficult* to ; remove." When the silk is
quite dry, arid fairly .smooth, it , may. be
'flnallyi ironed over^ lightly without the
intervenlng.muslin.^ If :*a little , firmness'
and? gloss : are*, liked 'in; the silk, a tea
spoonful! of ; prepared glue to*' a", quart
of -water ¦•may 'be ; added : to the last
rinsing, water. . .. iflHfil^BH^Hfl
. A young lady of this city dislocated her shoulder by violently
throwing her arms around the neck of a girl friend. If girls would
put their arms only where they belong they woulf gain more sym
pathy in the event of overdoing things and incidentally make men's
lives happier.
ELECTRICITY —Subscriber. Brent
wood. CaL An electrician Is one who
studies electricity and investigates Its
properties by experiment and observa
tion; one who is versed In the science
of electricity; one, who is engaged in
the making or supplying of electrical
apparatus and appliances. Electrical
engineering is the science and art of
utilizing electricity, especially in the
production of light, heat andyfeoUve
power in the transmission of energy
and its application to a great variety of
processes. It also includes the science
and art of the "erection and main
tenance of telegraph and electric rail
way systems, signals, etc. x The com
pensatlc-n is regulated by conditions
and the amount of work to be ner
formed. " -
Wash-silk .waists and ribbons, it
should : be " remembered, by no means
stand careless -laundering. For white
Washing Ribbons.
From Texas comes the cry that all of the ants imported from
Guatemala to destroy the boll weevil have disappeared. The Texans
should take into consideration the upbringing of these ants and be
lieve that possibly they have gone south to assist in the annual
fall revolution.
CLUBS— M. F.. City. -The dub" w
iglnally consisted of a small number
of persons of kindred tastes and pur
suits, who met together at stated
times. The first club In England of
which there is a record wa» the Rota.
a political one, organized In 1659. The
first civil and professional club was es
tablished In 1669, the first literary club
the Kit-Cat, In 1700, and the first fine'
arts club, the Dilettanti, In 1734.
A dispatch from the State of Washington states' that a provi
dential windstorm recently moved a church intact from the property
upon which it had disputed right to a neighboring site which was
owned by the congregation. Who can now complain of the per
versity of inanimate things?
To supply nine persons possessed of
healthy appetites with sufficient sliced
tomatoes from one tomato was the feat
performed by Mrs. Joshua J. W. Shock
ley, the wife of one of the round ser
geants of the Western district, last Sun
day at her home, 1937 Harlem avenue.
And the tomato which assisted so ma
terially in appeasing, the appetites of
Sergeant and Mrs. Shockley^ their fam
ily and guests was plucked from a vine
in their yard. It weighed just twenty
two and a half ounces and measured a
little over eighteen Inches in circum
ference. The slices numbered about
thirty and filled two good-sized bowls.
The vine from which the remarkable
vegetable was plucked was set out on
June; 22, by Mrs. Shockley and was one
of a number that had been ' cultivated
earlier in the season by her husband.
There are still sixteen tomatoes . pn
the vine, most of them unusually large,
but none as large as the one used last
Sunday, which was the first to be
picked from that vine.— Baltimore Sun.
Jl Prize Tomato.
TARWEED— W. M.. City. Th* be«t
¦way to have tarweed removed from
woolen goods Is to give th« article to
a professional cleaner. It will m the
end save time, trouble and the goods,
for tha reason . that what might be
good for one class of woolen goods
might be detrimental to another.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE— Reader.
City. What was known, as th« What
Cheer House on Sacramento street. In
the early days of San Francisco, waa
opened In 1S52 by R. B. Woodward.
Answers.
"Dem ain't^ no soldiers,** replied
Jimmy with lofty disdain, "Dem's gen
erals!"
Mayor Thomas Rickard of Berkeley
tells of a dialogue heard last Tuesday
when the members of Oakland Com
mander)". Knights Templar, In the full
Klory of gorgeous uniforms awaited
the command to march.' Ths speakers
v.ere two small gamins. On« of them
exclaimed:
"Hullo, Jimmy, sea de soldiers?**
Heard in Oakland.
THE question of the Russian warship has been settled by the
President without ruffling the dignity of Japan or Russia. He
gives her two months in which to make repairs and get out.
and as an alternative she must go now or disarm and lie here till
the dose of the war. Of course she will disarm and rock ingloriously
on the bay until peace comes.
On some grounds it will be regretted that her Government does
notaccept the two months' time for repairs. She could be patched
tip and coaled in that time, and then Japan would have a cruiser
waiting for her outside the three-mile limit, and when they met
there would be a sea fight right off our western water front. There
wonM be standing room only on the hills from Mount Tamalpais to
the Twin Peaks. The Cliff House would look like a bee hive about
to swarm and there would be lively betting on the rounds. It would
be a sight worth seeing, and if the Lena's sailing date were set long
enough ahead San Francisco would have a bigger crowd than came
for the Knights Templar. It is many a^long year since hostile pow
der has been burned near our coasts, except in the Civil War, and
such a fight as might be here would have the zest of novelty, with
the additional pleasure that we could see the show without costing
ct 8 cent in men or ships or powder.
Japan would be willing to do her part in the spectacle, and if
Russia had any regard for the feelings of our people and the Czar
htda *park of the genuine circus spirit in him, he would say the
word "go" and furnish' us some real sport.
A New York woman who recently re
turned fronvSt. Louis, where she went
to see the World's Fair, relates this ex
perience:'
"I stayed with one of the old famil
ies,", she 'said, "and the first morning
after my . arrival one of the young
ladies of ¦ the family asked me if I
would like to join a market party.
"She saw that I was in the dark, and
explained that in St. Louis it was an
antebellum custom for the; mother of
the family to do her own marketing.
They still have the old-fashioned mar
kets there- where you can buy any
thing for the table from *a chicken
liver to. a Quarter of beef or a leg of
mutton. The purchaser was always
accompanied by her servant, who car
ried a' huge basket, into which the
articles were placed.
"My friend informed me that the old
custom was again in vogue, in St.
Louis, except that the daughters, in
stead of the mothers, now do the buy
ing. • • y -
"Well. I submitted, of course, and
we started. On the way we were joined
by others and by the time we reached
the market place the procession was a
block long. ; : : ]'-¦<¦;
"I asked why, they didn't telephone
their \ orders or have a boy call fo;
them, as we, do in New York. They
said that • was -obsolete in St. Louis!
They.; preferred . to make their own se
lections, • the • chief reason being that
ItYwasja' revival of a tradition, and St.
Louis revels" in tradition.
"And then, ii "this »way they always
knew what'the'j; neighbors were going
to have 'for dinner, so that if they were
invited 'out they would : know ; whether
to accept or decline."
THE CASE OF THE LENA.
"Of course they're all women! ' No
man'would have the face to ask a girl
to take things out or glass cases and to
lift down awkward boxes when he did
not Intend to make a purchase. I can
usually tell whether, a woman really
means to buy or is only getting styles:
But, rafter all, I can't tell whether she
may.^or may- not be a shoplifter, so I
have to keep my eyes in the back of my
head while I'm moving about. '/¦ ¦
"Think of the time I lose over such
a shopper, too. I. have to reach a. cer
tain rate of sales, and -I've no time nor
energy to waste on . persons ¦ who "don't
wish to buy. When I don't see through
them of course I do .rny. : bestT ; to per
suade them to purchase and? It's .very
wearying to put out' useless^ vitality in
this way. ' . ' '- ;
"Just about as - bad as ; the- woman
who doesn't buy is the 'woman; ; who'
.won't buy until ; she : has j looked • over,
all of your, firm's and every other firm's
stock. She Is the bargain; hunter. I
always shift her on another » girl !< if ; I
can. The Instir?t -f: self-preservation
Is strong in us all,, you know.;
"Yes, I do get tired^of standing, but
there's no time to' sit 'down 'even -"with
seats, for the'stock must be looked'over
and : kept In order, .'and besides "this, is
a place w^ere a girl is expected' to "• be^
busy." ':.••'-• v
"I come here at 8 o'clock in the morn
ing/' said she, "and stay until 6 at
night. I must look pleasant and be
obliging all that time, no matter how
tired I may be or how ill I may feel.
Mighty few women customers ever
seem to consider either of the^e condi
tions. Their minds are on the goods
they want to buy, or worse still, wish
only to look at.
"These are the most trying customers
a girl has to meet. I'd spsak my mind
to one of them sometimes and I didn't
know I'd be reported and lose my place.
1 can't afford to do tJtat, for there's not
a soul in the world to look out for me.
But I Just wish you would watch one of
these women some. day. I'll give you
the tip when you're in.
"How many women who 1 shop give a
thought to the girl behind the counter,
except to take offense if she does not
wait upon them quickly enough?" ex
claimed a shop girl in a recent burst of
confidence to a New York Telegram
representative.
The girl in question can hardly be
said to have been complaining. She
was too used to being overlooked as , a
human being and treated as a machine
for whom constant grinding", was a
necessary treatment. She simply spoke
because she felt the sympathy of the
person on the other side of the counter.
The Basso Pr-r-rofundo, in evening dress,
lie tackles the ro-ho-ho-ho-ling sea.
Boom, boom! ; . ;
And in subway staccato attempts to
express
The mar-r-riner's ag-o-nee, ",
Boom, boom!
'Tis th» song of the anvil, asleep in the
deep,
In a dar-r-rk br-r-rown, minor-r-r key.
And he swings as he sings, and he sings
See! a ship in dis-tr-r-ress, with tattered
shroud!
Is none who will su-hu-hu-hu-cor
'i.:>: bring?
Boom, boom!
But the stor-r-rm r-r-roeks long, and the
surf boats loud —
While the Basso continues ito sing, /
Boom, boom!
Lo! the vessel r-r-reels and is sinking
fast.
¦ But the vo-ca-list. what cares he?
For lie irownsas they, drown, and they
drov/n as lie frowns,
, \ In the depths.
• In the depths of the **.
There's many a br-r-rave. br-r-rave. gsn
lant soul. >
Who sank with a gur-hur-hur-hur
gling throat. " '
Boom, boomlf • '
In the cr-r-ruel. cr-r-ruel sur-r-rge and
deadly roll
Of the Basso's lower note,
¦ Boom, boom!
He's the . Stor-r-rm King's pal, and he
, laughs ha! ha!
His mur-r-rderous wor-r-rk to see — •
Let ¦ them howl as he growls, let' him
¦.•¦c growl as they howl.
In the depths,
In thedepths of the .
¦ . ' x '
Oh, the Basso Piofundo is r-r-reckless of.
U ¦ life, ••-.. . [¦• ¦¦ \<w ;>-,:.;-¦/*":
When he sings on 1 , the cohoho-honcert
.'- stnee.' .' . :
Boom, boom! •
Yet; he's Kind to his ' childr-r-ren and
,' -meek to his wife' .*.
When he asks Jor his weekly = wage, .• '-
• Boom,: boom!
And it's str-r-range that this happy, do
... mestic man . . ' . --^.
'Such. a ter-r-rlble flend can be. ".
When he: growls as they howl,' and they
'.' ,. howl^ as he growls, ¦ . ,}'£-.
ToTttre depths, . .
To'the depths of the
x \ ¦ ¦ ::¦ •
_.- -¦-¦• ¦ . . •—• - Y • •.."¦.' , .
- : • • ¦-. ¦ Z.
WALLACE "IRWIX in New' York Sun. .
Shop Girl Has
Her Say About
Women Buyers
Market Parties
Still Prevail in
the Fair City
Ji Bass Solo.
COPYRIGHT, 1904. BV SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL*
The beautiful Baroness Hayashl. the
wife of the Japanese Embassador to
London, attended recently a dinner^
party where a Frenchman held the
table spellbound for an hour by an
extraordinary dissertation on Japan.
He described the Japanese mode of
bathing, the Japanese dress, the Jap
anese religion and form of marriage
proposal, the geisha's manner of mak
ing up her lips and eyes and nails —
' In a word, the most intimate secrets of
Japan were exposed and minutely de
scribed by this Frenchman.
He departed early. He had made a
great success. After v he was gone a
young stock broker said In a reverent
tone:
"What a wonderful man! He seems
to know something about everything.**
"Except Japan," commented the
Baroness Hayashl quietly. — Cincinnati
Enquirer. ,
A Word From the Baroness.
A number of Philadelphia salesmen
were discussing the subject of travel
ing through the South.
"I have often wondered.** said one
of them, "how those boys who take
your hats in the dining-rooms of
Southern hotels and place them In a
rack without checks know which hat
to give to you. I thought I would try
and fool one. One day when I had
finished lunch and the boy had handed
me my hat I tried it on and pretended
It was a misfit.
" 'This is not my hat/ I said, but h»
was ready with his answer.
" 'Dat may not be youah hat. sah,*
he replied calmly, "but it am de hat
what you gib me when you come In." **
— Philadelphia Ledger.
His Hat.
Bookie — So y"see, if the 'ofse starts
at 15 to 1 you get 15 quid. 10 to 1 you
get 10 quid, 5 to 1 five. D"y*see?
The Innocent — Oh. yes. I see per
fectly. But what do I get if the horse
starts at 1 o'clock exactly—Illustrated
Bits.
Sporting Xote.
Mrs. Jawworker— So you are going
to leave me, Bridget; haven't I treated
you as one of the family?
Bridget — Indade you have. mum.
an' Oi've shtood it as lonar as Oi'm
gcln' to. — Albany Journal.
Had Enough.
Tine's Opinion.
"Which Is the luckiest day to b©
married, Uncle Joe?"
"Matrimony knows no lucky day.
— Houston Post. " ,
Humor.
ECONOMISTS have not been unmindful of two parallel move
ments affecting the industries of the United States. Neither
has been the cause of the other. Each has proceeded inde
pendently from the same cause. The one that first excited attention
was promoted by capital. Its purpose was, by combination, to de
stroy commercial competition. When that purpose was effected it
was foreseen that commodity values would be controlled by com
bination and would be raised or lowered, in disregard of the law of
supply and demand.
If this system of combination could be left free to overwhelm
competition, the price of all the necessaries of life and of all the
factors of development could be dictated by a few men or by one
man. Of course, in the long run this system would destroy itself by
so affecting general prosperity as to impair consumption. There can
be no general prosperity without freedom. Leave competition free
to act in conjunction with the law of supply and demand, and while
there mil be failures, usually as the result of bad judgment, and not
all who compete in commerce will thrive, yet the far vaster number,
the consumers, will not be injured, and upon their power to consume
depends the average commercial prosperity of the country. All of
this was felt so keenly and was so early appreciated that legis
lation responded to the demand of public opinion. '
The first effort at legislation was the interstate commerce law,
by which restraint was provided upon combination between rail
roads and shippers. The operations of the Standard Oil Company
were the main incentive to that legislation. In its campaign to de
stroy competition that company had found its most powerful in
strument to be the rebates on its shipments, which were denied to
its competitors. The Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of
the interstate commerce law, and then followed anti-trust legisla
tion, striking at the commercial combinations. The efficiency of the
two forms of legislation waited for proof until President Roosevelt
furnished it by enforcing the law.
Now the way seems to be open to establish the open shop in
commerce, manufactures and transportation ; in other words, to .re
store reasonable competition. Judicial interpretation has now ac
cumulated to such an extent as to serve as a guide to further leg
islation, if it be needed. President Roosevelt can be relied upon to
recommend, approve and enforce such legislation. His competitor,
Judge Parker, declares that the resources of the common law are
sufficient, without the use of what legislation we have or report to
more. But it must not be forgotten that a common law remedy must
be sought by individuals who have a cause of action. If protection
against combinations and trusts must be sought by an individual,
single-handed, it will be sought in vain.
Judge Parkers plan would be a failure. The combination is
stronger than the individual, in court and out. The Government is
stronger than the combination, and it is the purpose of legislation
to put the Government against the trust and the combine. It will
be observed that legislation has been aimed at only one of the two
parallel movements which have unfavorably affected pur industries
by destroying freedom. National and State anti-trust laws have
been so framed as to exclude labor combinations from their opera
tion. As commercial combinations have enforced the closed shop in
commerce, the labor combinations have enforced it in labor, and have
done it by express exception from the operation of statute law. The
result is that one man might be able to put a price on the necessaries
of life and one man might be able to permit and to prohibit labor.
It amounts to the substitution of the arbitrary will of one man !
for the free action of millions.
A twin system of that kind, which denies freedom of contract,
and liberty to trade or to work, cannot long exist without destroy
ing prosperity. The right to labor is the right to live, and the right
to choose a commercial occupation and follow it, under no other
limitation than reasonable competition, is necessary to harmonious !
development. A free people, desirous of remaining free, must have
the open shop in industry and commerce. Xor must the law play any
favorites. A combination that destroys freedom of commerce is no
more vicious than one that destroys the freedom of labor, and each
must go down, under the necessity for preserving freedom and pros
perity for all. There may be some failures in competition,' but no
system has yet excelled it in the affairs of the world, and it is prob
able that none will, because it means freedom.
THE OPEN SHOP.
Unclaimed dividends on bankrupts'
estates amount to $5,785,000, and such
assurance is felt that claims to the
bulk of it will never be advanced and
substantiated that much of the money
has been appropriated to pay for the
erection of the bankruptcy offices.
Army prize money still undivided
amounted on March 31, 1903, to $363,
96C, an/I that the great bulk of It will
be retained by the Treasury may be
inferred from the fact that during the
year preceding this date only $365 was
paid to soldiers or their representatives
out of this sum. Since 1884 the un
claimed effects of soldiers who have
died while serving their country have
reached the large total of $602,000. Na
val prize money undistributed because
unclaimed foots up $1,350,000.
It has been suggested that an annual
return should be issued giving full par
ticulars of all unclaimed sums of 250
pounds and upward in the various Gov
ernment departments. If this were
done and advertised there is^ little
doubt that much of the money would
be promptly claimed. But the British
Government Is hardly likely to take
any action that will deprive It of such
a considerable source of revenue.
Some people .are still seeking to get
a share of the property left by Mrs.
Helen Blake, who dlpd intestate in 1873.
lit' addition to considerable real estate
she left personalty of the value of
$720,000. For the benefit of such claim
ants it should be stated that they have
not the ghost of a chance of getting
anything, for by an order of the court,
dated 1838, the .crown was declared en
titled to the estates and appropriated
them.
In Scotland intestates' estates await
ing: claimants amount to over $175,000,
of which the crown has a grip on $75,
000.
People who die intestate bring con
siderable money to the crown, as well
as profit to the lawyers. On December
SI last there remained in the hands
of the Treasury $652,435 from Intestates'
estates, of which the crown's share
amounted to over $75,000.
TAKEN' BY" THE CRQWX.
All Government stock and dividends
unclaimed for ten years is transferred
to the National Debt Commissioners.
On March 31 last the balance on this
account amounted to $3,785,583, which
does not include sums previously ap
propriated by the Government. In 1863,
for instance. Mr. Gladstone canceled
$13,000,000 of unclaimed stock. It is
amazing how remiss people are in
claiming dividends, consols and other
Government investments. On April 2
last the dividends "due and not de
manded" amounted to nearly $600,000.
The consolidated fund holds nearly
$200,000, representing interest on South
Sea stock paid to the Chancellor of the
Exchequer between 1845 and 1852, which
has never been claimed.
In the great morgue of litigation and
"expectations" — chancery — funds^ and
estates aggregating in value $273,612,305
are now tied up. But as a fund is not
considered unclaimed until it has been
in court undealt with for fifteen years,
il is impossible to estimate the propor
tion of this colossal sum which belongs
to missing owners. It is certain, though,
that most of them will never get a
penny of it. Funds in chancery in
Ireland amount to $24,392,503. of which
the same statement is equally true.
MILLIONS TIED UP.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— Folk in America
who believe themselves entitled to for
tunes in this country will be interest
ed to hear that according to returns
made during the Parliamentary ses
sion just closed there is now over $321,
000,000 in the hands of the British Gov
ernment, awaiting lawful claimants.
There is small likelihood, however,
that any considerable portion of it will
ever find its way Into the pockets of
the latter. \ This vast sum is retained
by the crown officials because those to
whom it belongs have . not succeeded
in proving their claims to it to the
law'a satisfaction, or, ignorant of
what is due them, have not put in any
claims for It. To get the Government
to give up money it has once got a
tight grip on is a very difficult and
costly matter. For a poor claimant
without the means of defraying the le
gal expenses the chances of obtaining
restitution are well nigh hopeless. It
is, perhaps, therefore, just as well for
their peace of mind that hundreds of
poor people scattered over the world
have no knowledge- that In the British
treasury are large fortunes to which
they are entitled— provided they can
prove it. If they knew it and under
took to prove it in the great majority
of cases it would simply result in the
lawyers getting what little money they
have. Meanwhile the Government does
not advertise for claimants to any por
tion of the colossal hoard in it3 treas
ury.
The Monson Railroad Company oper
ates a line eight miles long, extending
from Monson. a slate quarry village in
Piscataquis County, to Monson Junc
tion, on the line of the Bangor and
Aroostook railway. It has never had
an accident. "y^
It is doubtful If the Monson Railroad
Company of Maine ever will find a man
to fill the place of W. ll Estabrooke.
who died recently. Search is being
made for a successor, but as yet no on©
has been discovered who can hold so
many posts simultaneously as Esta
brooke. ¦ .
These are nineteen in number, and
th» n-w employe must be general man
ager superintendent, general ticket
agent; general freight agent, general
baggage agent, lost freight agent, claim
agent, purchasing agent, roadmaster.
superintendent of bridges, train dis
patcher; station agent, telegraph oper
ator, conductor, engineer, baggagemas
ter. brakeman. express messenger, mall
clerk. : .V'
Special Correspond«nee.
Treasury Has
a Tight Grip
on Vast Sum
Wanted A
Man to Fill Only
Nineteen Jobs
PASSED THE WORD ON TO MAINE.
THE SAN • FRANCISCO CALL y THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOny P. SFKECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeyAUGHT •*•"" ***°ggg
PUBLICATION pmCB THIBD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 15. 1904
An Ohio farmer has named his baby Roosevelt Parker— probably
to make manifest his uncertain holding to the Bryan wing of Domc
rac #
8Ready for the Colonists.
The Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
railroad companies will place on sale
to-day the semi-annual colonist rates
for all points in California. Contrary
to previous custom, however, the sale
of these tickets will be limited to only
one .month, instead of three months,
as before. The sale will close on Oc
tober 15.
SchusRler Begins To-Day.
Chief Engineer Hermann Schussler
of the Spring Valley Water Works was
to have appeared before United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday af
ternoon, but an adjournment was had
until 2 p. m. to-day on account of the
reported Illness of Mr. Schussler. The
examination went over until 2 p. m.
to-day, on which occasion it Is under
stood that Mr. Schuster will abandon
picturesque rhetoric and speak about
the market value of the Spring Val
ley Water Works property.
THE HAYWARD LOTS.
."TJie tract is Jai(J throughout, with wa
ter and sewer mains, the streets- will be
macadamized and asphalt sidewalks con
structed throughout."
Commenting on the sale of lotsjln the
Hayward Addition to San Mate*, the
Leader of that city says: ;• |' ', '
"Although It Is announced by Baldwin
& Howell, agents for the Hayward sub
division, that lots will not be on sale un
til the 19th inst., there, is an unprece
dented demand on the part of intending
buyers for the privilege of making an
advance selection. During the past week
no less than fifty of these requests have
come in the form of letters to the local
office of Baldwin & Howell and a large
number have also been received at the
firm's city office.. But, since the an
nouncement has " b'ee§ made by the firm
that under no circumstances will a sale
be made until the stipulated time these
requests have of necessity been filed for
future reference. A significant feature
in connection with this matter is the fact
that the bulk of the letters have been're
ceived from residents of -San Mateo who
desire to build.. They know the property
and realize Us .incomparable^ desirability
for residence purposes.' •• • '* .-.-¦¦.. ...
"The work of laying out the tract is
nearing completion,- and when- the date
of sale arrives everything -will be in the
finest order. 'V • ¦ ¦ : : > ', >: . .
Big Demand for Lots In the Xew San
Matco Addition. '
Mrs. Kate Thompson told Judge
Cabaniss that when she asked City Un
dertaker Hagan to transfer to her the
remains of her brother-in-law, John
Dunn, which had come into his posses
sion by mistake, he wanted her to let
him inter the body andtrffered to dec
orate a co-ffln and sell it to. her for $20.
When she declined the offer, Hagan:
said he would let her have the body
for $15, and when she again declined he
said he would let her have it "for -$10.
Further hearing of the case was con
tinued till next Wednesday.
For threatening to kill Belle Wal
bridge, from whom he was divorced
seven years ago, William Walbridge
was charged before Judge Mogan with
having disturbed the peace of the hotel
at 507 Pine street in which the woman
lives. The defendant's counsel darkly
hinted at another man in the case and
said he was there in court, but. when
requested to stand up and show him
self the mysterious one— if he was
there at all— failed to respond:- Case
continued till September 21. i
• . • •
Thomas O'Connor, charged with hav
ing stolen a 530 watch from the Japa
nese porter of a Market-street aaloon,
pleaded that some friends had left him
to sleep in the basement of the wet
goods store and that when- awakened
he discovered that some practical joker
had taken his watch chain and placed
the little brown porter's timepiece in
his pocket The case will be more fully
Investigated by Jud^e Mogan. next
Wednesday. '.
• ¦ • e ' .
William Rusinger, accused of em-,
bezzling $1400 -while employeU as a col-e
lector by Ruedlger & Loesch, res
taurateurs, was brought back from Co
luhibus. Ohio, and will be tried 1 before
Judge Mogan on September 28. "^ ' ,
• • •
Anna Burelbach of 133 Ellis . street
informed Judge Mogan that she had
dwelt with W. H. Pittman about seven
years when he betrayed her confidence
by absconding with J1S85 worth of fcer
jewelry. He was arrested at Los An
geles and, brought back here for trial.
Further testimony will be heard next
Wednesday.
• • ¦ • ¦
Mrs. Rose Comber came from ther
country, accompanied by her two-year
old son, to institute proceedings 1 , for" di
vorce, and was allured by the/, adver
tisement of George W. Howe,, which,
stated that persons seeking severance
of the marital tie would be furnished;
with free legal advice at a.> certain
number on Market street. The upshot
of Mrs. Comber's visit to' Mr. Howe'
was his arrest cm the charge of ihaving
obtained $40 of her money by false pre
tense and slapping her face when she
demanded its return. When 'the case"
was called before Judge Mogan the de
fendant applied for a jury trial,- and
next Saturday he will be accommo
dated.
• • * i
frequently drunk to excess together
and quarreled. Mrs. Gorman denied
that ahe ever got drunk with the de
fendant, and her son corroborated her
statement. Mr. Gorman then applied
for opportunity to produce character
testimony, and Judge Mogan told him
to have plenty of it in court next Mon
day, as it may be essential to his re
lease from custody. ' •"*.
We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall," the best $1 fountain
pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Joseph Manne, a longshoreman,
who was convicted by a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, was sentenced
yesterday to serve eighteen months in
the County Jail. On the night of July
4 he bombarded Sarah Hansen, a
waitress in a' dance hall at 513 Pa
cific street, with beer bottles and one
struck her on the head, rendering her
unconscious.
:>Iaimo Gets Light Sentence.
The appointment Tuesday of Bert
Kerrall to the position of general
passenger agent of the Pacific Mail
and the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship companies, it is reported,
will be followed on the first of the
coming month by the removal of the
lodal ticket agency of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company
from the Union Pacific offlce to "the
present offices of the first mentioned
corporations. Kerrall will haveicharge
of all traffic business pertaining-to the
Harriman steamship lines on this
coast.
Will Consolidate Oflices.
Mrs. May Martinelll, who struck
her husband Charles on the head with
a beer battle, fracturing his skull, on
Sunday night, at their home, 1229
Bush street, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. Her
husband will recover, but it will be
two or three weeks before he is ab^e
to leave the hospital.
Mrs. Martinelll Charced.
The new dairy law goes Into effect
£o.-day,:but-dalry-qwnerg \vjll be giveii
a-day's^graee before Health 'Officer D.
F.Ragan and Dr. W. C. Hassler of the
Board of Health to-morrow and Satur
day .visit alt the .dairies in and around
San Framjisco. 'The purpose of the. In
spection is 5 to i determine whether ithe
ordinance- in relation to the improving
of the condition of the dairies ha«-been
followed. Abput f a-month ago Deputy
Health Officer Louis Levy took the pre
caution to eend to each of the dairies
,a copy of the new ordinance eo that
any failure to. observe it may pot be
laid at the door of the Health Board. '
:. As a result, of the crusade of the
Health Board against the unsatisfac
tory condition of the dairies^ over
$50j000 has been epent in the last two
morfths to better their sanitary condi
tion. It is believed that the result of
the inspection will be that fifteen
dairies in and around the city will be
compelled to suspend operation owing
to their impossibility to meet the de
mands of the Health Board.
On the blackboard in the main office
of the Health Board there- are \rrltten
lists of the condemned dairies and
clean dairies. The public is" welcome at
any time to refer to these In case they,
are in doubt as to the standing tof the
milk company they patronize. . \ • .
Actuated by humane inpulses Fred
erick MulJer yesterday secured an
order of court setting aside an inter
locutory decree of divorce obtained
against Clara E. Muller several
months ago on the grounds of de
sertion and cruelty. In asking for an
order Betting aside the decree Muller
paid that since it wai Issued Mrs.
Muller had been declared insane and
committed to Agnews Asylum. Con
fident that her mistreatment of him.
•was due to the condition of her mind,
he wanted the decree vacated that he
xaight the better care for her during
tiie period of her infirmity and after
ward in the event of her recovery.
Gabrielle Cavalsky. the avowed in T
epirer of the "grand passion" in the
heart of millionaire Robert Gilmer
lianlord, who 6ued Valdemar Cacalsky
for a divorce last Tuesday, was
granted an interlocutory decree of di
vorce yesterday on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Her charge that her
husband frequently falsely accused her
was corroborated by her mother. The
plaintiff was allowed to resume her
nuiJden name, Guittard. Decrees of
<Uvorce were also granted yesterday to
Luis Herrera from Lidia Herrera, for
desertion; William Gustafson from
Anna. Gustafson for desertion; Mary
E. Irish from Charles W. Irish, for
habitual intemperance; Leila Arnold
from Oakley M. Arnold, for willful
neglect; Marvin Belden from Beatrice
Be'.den. for desertion, and Etta Chap
pell from Clem Chappell, for deser
tion.
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT.
William Stevens, from whom Susie
E. Stevens procured a divorce in
August of IS 92, was adjudged guilty of
contempt of court by Judge Seawell
yesterday for having failed to pay
his former wife $4 0 alimony as
ordered. Judge Seawell ordered that
Elevens be confined in the County Jail
until such time as the order is obeyed.
Andrew Lukaszewski says his wife
made him do the housework while she
enjoyed herself with other men. This,
coupled with alleged threats that she
would do him bodily harm, made
Liikaszewski's life miserable, so yes
terday he rued for divorce, cruelty be
ing the ground of action.
William H. Sieberst complained that
Julia I. Sieberst has treated him In a
harsh and cruel manner and he seeks
a. divorce on that ground. "An evil
eririt," "a dog," "a devil out of hell"
mid other nerve-jarring names, he al
leges, she often called him, until
finally he decided to end it all in the
divorce court.
Mattie Gilliland filed suit for di
vorce yesterday from Frank G. Gilli
land. She charges that ever since
their marriage on Noeember 21, 1901,
he has been guilty of habitual In
temperance.
OTHERS WANT DECREES.
George A- I^evecque asks for a di
vorce from Emma Levecque, alleging
desertion. Mrs. M. L. Hatch has sued
for a divorce from F. A. Hatch on the
ground of failure to provide. George
B. Dunlap seeks a divorce from Annie
3-. Dunlap on the ground of desertion.
Berthe Beder has sued her husband,
Isaac Beder, for maintenance. The
plaintiff alleges that her husband de
eerted her in New York in January
last. Recently she located him here
and came across the continent to press
her suit.
Benjamin F. Germain, against whom
a charge of bigamy was filed with the
police by Virginia H. Barker-Germain,
¦was made the defendant in a suit
brought by Mrs. Barker-Germain to
annul their marriage. In her suit the
plaintiff reiterates the charge that at
the time of her marricg» to the defend
ant he had a wife by a former mar
riage, from whom he had never been
divorced.
tiealtli Officers Will, Spend
, Friday and Saturday View
ing ¦'¦ Saniiary-. Conditions
DIYOKCE IS SET ASIDE
•
Court Grants His Petition.
Mrs. Gabriellc Cavalsky
Secures Decree as Prayed
lira. W. D. Murphy, who dwells on
Minna street, and her daughter, Mrs.
A. M. McVicker, who resides on Ches
ley street, will be sentenced to-day by
Police Judge Mogan for having dis
turbed the peace last Tuesday Vvening
at Bryant and Chesley streets by scold
ing Mrs. E. Toomey of 42 Chesley
street.
Patrolman W. T. Monahan testified
that he spent seven minutes in futile
efforts to stay the abusive oratory of
Mesdamts Murphy and McVicker, and
that he could not avoid arresting them
without betraying the trust reposed
in him as a preserver of the public
peace. He tried to ascertain the cause
or their oral attack upon Mrs. Toomey,
but it was too complicated for him to
fathom.
Then the court attempted to probe
the depths of the case, but failed to
obtain a coherent story from the nar
ratives of the witnesses examined. All
that was established with any degree
of clearness was a certain visit of Mr.
McVicker, husband of one of the de
fendants, to the home of Mrs. Toomey,
the complainant, and that said visit
brought such Bcandal upon the parties
concerned that Mr. McVicker was de
nounced by his own mother, while both
McVicker and Mrs. Toomey were held
in contumely by the remainder of the
McVickers and also by the Murphys.
Mrs. McVicker and Mrs. Murphy just
happened to meet Mrs. Toomey at Bry
ant and Chesley streets and were au
dibly expressing their opinion of her
character when the patrolman in
tervened and arrested the mother and
the daughter. Query: "Why didn't he
arrest Mrs. Toomey? Answer: Because
Mrs. Toomey did not get a chance to
insert a word edgewise.
That the neighborhood of Bryant and
Chesley streets was deeply interested
in the case found exemplification in the
crowded condition of the courtroom and
the audible murmurs that followed
each important point of the testimony.
The Murphy-McVicker sympathizers
occupied one side of the auditorium,
while the Toomeyltes thronged the.
other. When the Judge pronounced the
defendants guilty the Murphy-McVick
er contingent muttered Its disapproval
end the Toomey adherents Interchanged
congratulatory smiles and handshakes
until Bailiff Hickey's admonitory gavel
drove both clans to the corridor.
Mrs. Georgle Smith and Mrs. Nellie
Raffen are joint occupants of 307
Fourth street, and in Judge Cabaniss'
court It was clearly shown that the
two ladies have not dwelt in neighbor
ly amity. Mrs. Raffen charged Mrs.
Smith with battery that was entirely
unprovoked, while Mrs. Smith declared
that Mrs. Raffen accused her of having
Etolen a newspaper which had been de
livered at the door of the latttr's
apartment. Accompanying the accu
sation. Mrs. Smith averred, was a se
vere blow on the jaw and a kick on
the abdomen — a kick such as the lean
German gives the fat German at
Fischer's Theater. Furthermore, Mrs.
Smith stated, Mrs. Raffen- was intox
icated at the time and to that fact
only could be attributed her hallucina
tion that she had been assaulted. As
neither of the ladies submitted cor
roborative testimony the Judge dis
missed the* case and advised them to
live in different houses.
Stella Monroe, tall, willowy, blonde
and stylishly attired, haughtily in
formed Judge Mogan that for the life
of her she could not ; understand why
nhe was arrested early yesterday
morning at Eddy and Jones streets.
"The charg-e against you is va
grancy," his Honor explained.
"Vagrancy?" exclaimed the defend
ant. "How preposterous! The idea is
perfectly absurd. A lady can go out
to dine alone without provoking arrest,
can't she?"
"As my late dining is always with
Coroner Leland, and as I am not a
lady, your query is sidestepped," was
the judicial answer.
Miss Monroe then professed ability to
produce "100 reputable witnesses" to
prove that she v, - as of irreprorie{iable
character and that Patrolman Fogarty
made the blunder of his career when
he arrested her.
"Have your witnesses here next
Tuesday," said the Judge."
Jane Murray, SS years of age, could
not be ousted from the apartment she
occupied at 21 Brady street, for which
she had paid no rent for three months,
until the landlady, Mrs. K. Rahill,
had her arrested for disturbing the
peace. Thi defendant did not look to
be within a score of years of her given
age as she stood before Judge Mogan
and pleaded not guilty, but the evi
dence that she had given Mrs. Rahill a
"tongue lashing" was so conclusive
that there was nothing else for the
court to do than pronounce her guilty.
Mrs. Rahill said she did not desire to
have the old woman sent to jail, but
would like to have her compelled to
remove herself and her personal be
longings from 21 Brady street. Mrs.
Murray agreed to do that and the case
was dismissed. .
Fred Cordovlola, convicted of steal
ing: $6 25 from John Parodi of 2221
Mason street, was sent to the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan, with bail fixed
at $2000.
J. C. Kennoth and Rudolf Quallo, ac
cused by Joseph King, proprietor of
the New Western Hotel, of having de
frauded him of about $4000 by means of
a "crooked" card game, will have a
hearing next Friday before Judge Ca
baniss. Judge Mogan refused to try
the case, as he had reason to believe
that King regarded him as an enemy
ajid he had no desire to have anything
whatever to do with the hotel man.
Miss Annie Davis reiterated her
statement that Miss Ruth Clifford was
"a lady" known to the terpsichorean
sisterhood of Pacific street as "Rough
House Ruth," and that the title was
aptly bestowed.
"No better proof of Miss Clifford's
unenviable reputation for slugging peo
ple," paid Miss Davis, "could be given
than my failure to procure witnesses to
testify as to her character. All the
ladies employed in the dance halls
know her so well that they are afraid
t<* provoke her enmity."
Miss Clifford pleaded that her assault
upon Miss Davis was amply provoked.
"She is always mooching around,"
said Miss Clifford, referring to Miss
Davis, "and every time another girl
gets a gentleman to dance with her
this Davis thing tries to steal him
away. That's what I punched her for.
She tried to rob me of a soldier.".
"Tell you what I'll do." said Judge
Mogan, "I'll continue this caae till
October 14, and if you, Miss Clifford,
punch anybody and are arrested for it
before that date I'll send you to, the
County Jail. As for you, Miss Davis,
be more dlscrept in your 'mooching.' "
Thomas Gorman, accused of having
threatened to kill his wife, Johanna, in
their home at 3562 Mission street, tes
tified that he and the complainant have
been married twenty, years," and have
Frederick Muller Finds In
sanity Caused His Wife's
Mistreatment of Him
New Dairy Ordinance Goes
Into Effect and Dairymen
Have Keceived Notice
TO .STATtT
Cause of the Trouble Between Mrs. W.
;;. D. Murphy and Daughter and Mrs. E.
Toomey Baffles Police Court Probes
MILK CRUSADE
BEGINS TO-DAY
HER AFFLICTION
WINS HIM BACK
NEIGHBORHOOD QUARREL
DEFIES DEEP SOUNDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER- 15, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
£*AI IIAflDI A m FRANCISCO'S
SUULU BWfiBlM LEADING THEA.?i
Powell Street, Kear Market
I A^T *" NIGHTS.
au/^'O 1 MATINEE SATUBDAY.
I»st Time Next Sunday Night.
kMeHELLEW
And Original Company, Including
E. IS. HOLLAND,
In the FasclnatinK Dr.amatlc Production,
K-% mm r— f— «y f-lO THE AMATEUR
/T/li"#^iL«S5> CRACMMAH
Beginning MnMniY Nlgbt at
Next mUNUAI 8 Sharp,
Ilamlln and Mitchell's
MARVELOUS EXTRAVAGANZA.
"WIZARD OF OZ."
1 , Sfl PBOPLE— MOSTLT GIRLS— «8
SEATS NOW READY.
;[S|p|ilisr
IIPT-THREE ?Ke^ e e ndou3
{ LAO I NIGHTS SSSmVh
Farewell Toreador- j Mat. Next Saturday.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE SERENADE
Operatic Debut of Andrew Bogart.
Prices — 25c. 00c, 75c Seats. Always Selling.
CHEERFUL VAUDEVILLE!
The Harry La Rose Company; Booney
and Bent; Al Snean*; Leo Carrillo. and
Orphetun Motion Pictures. Showing" ths
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Last Times of THE GREAT SINGING FOUR;
EURTOX and BROOKS; THREE MITCHELLS
and ¦ • \ .
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE."
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c, 25c and 60c.
Mr. Frederic Belasco Presents
' FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Last Season's Great New Tork
Success
MARTA OF THE_ LOWLANDS
Farewell Week, Commends*;
Next Sunday.
Sunday, Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday.
Wednesday Matinee.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday
Matinee.
TESS OF THE DITRBERVILLES
SEATS NOW SELLING. A
A T C\ A T A "O Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR Bgjssi
General Manager
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Evg., 25c, 75c; Mats. Thurs. and Sat., 25c, 50c.
WHITEF"" the alcazar co. I
\A/ H I T T L E S E V
In Capt Robert Marshall's Delightful Comedy,
THE 2» 4 IH COMMAND
As Played by John Drew,
"A smart play smartly played." — Call.
'•A brilliant success." — Post.
FINE PRODUCTION— GREAT CAST.
Monday, Sept. 19— MR. WHITTLESEY
ln,"MONBARS."' '
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
First Time Here of Biayney"s Immensely Pop-
ular Greater New York Melodrama.
ONLY A •
SHOP GIRL
DDlfCC Evenings ....10c to B0o
rnlLCJ Matinees ....10c. 19c. 25c
NEXT — FALLEN BY THE WAYSIDE
Palarp dont failto
IdlaLW gec tht beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EMPIRE
* U11U p A R L o R , the
/r j PALM ROOM, the
linHlfl LOUIS XV PAR.
UlUUU lor, and the LA-
H i^i£' DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
GRAPE- N'CTS.
TIIE DOCTOR'S WIFE
Agrees With Him About Food.
A trained nurse says: "In the prac-
tlc* of my profession I have found so
many points in favor of Grape-Nuts
that I unhesitatingly recommend It to
ali my patients.
"It Is delicate and pleasing to the
palate (an essential in food for the
Elck) and can be adapted to all ages,
being softened with milk or cream for
babies or the aged when deficiency of
teeth renders mastication impossible.
For fever patients or those on liquid
diet I find 'Grape-Nuts and albumen
water very nourishing and refreshing.'
This recipe is my own idea and is made
ns follows: Soak a teaspoonful of
Grape-Nuts In a jrlafs of water for an
hour, Btrain and Krve with the beaten
white of an egg and spoonful of fruit
Juice for flavoring. Thia affords a
great deal of nourishment that even
the weakest stomach can assimilate
without any distress.
"My husband is a physician and he
uses Grape-Nuts hirnself and orders It
many times for his patients.
"Personally I regard a dish of Grape-
Nuts with fresh or stewed fruit as the
ideal breakfast for any one— well or
pick." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
In any case of stomach trouble, ner-
vous prostration or brain fag. a 10
days* trial of Grape-Nuts will work
r.onders toward nourishing and re-
building, and In this way ending the
trouble.^ "There's a reason" and trial
proves. .
Look In each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road to WeUTine."
POIJTIC.Mi.
NOTICETO VOTERS
Precinct Registration;
Department of Elections— Office of tha
Registrar of Voters.
Notice is hereby given that the Boards of
Precinct RsKlstratlon for the Primary and
General Election will meet In their respective
pre«Mncts for the registration of voters and such
other purposes as are prescribed by law. on
Wednesday, September M. and Thursday. Sep-
timber 15. 13O4. from 10 o - clock a. m. to »
o'clock p^ nu- .- ."^
AU electors who have not been re'jlstered
since January i: 1904. are hereby Invited ta
present themselves for re&istratlon. . * ¦ ¦
Registration for seneral election dose* at
the City Hall. September 2S. 1004. -
The offlce of the Registrar of Voters will re-
main open during precinct registration frcm
8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. to accommodate those
not able to register In the precincts. '. '
AH electors who have changed their resi-
dence since registering are required to call at
the office of the Registrar «T Voters. ->
NO CHANGES FOR GENERAL ELECTION '
MADE AFTER OCTOBER 13. 19Oi.
Precinct registration officers cannot taaks.
transfers of electors from one precinct to an-
other; all persons desiring transfer must call.
at the offlce of the Registrar of Voters oa or '
before October 13. 1904. ¦ - « v • • ¦
Naturalized citizens are requested to produce
naturalization papers when making application
lor registration. t
The following plaoes hare been secured for
the sessions of the Board of Precinct Registrar
BSQXSTBATXOZr FX.AC23. w. t -.
TS7ENTT-EIGHTH DISTRICT. , . .
58 Steuart street. 802 Fremont street. 635
Folsom street. 229 Second street, 105 Second *
street. 89 Third street. 667 Mission street. 633
Howard street. 608 Folsom street, S3! Third .
•treet. 437 Third street. 123 Third street. T57A
Howard street. 283 Fourth street. • ¦ • -
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT. -
51 Fifth street. 9T.2 Mission street. 1006 Mis- -
slon street, 107 tj Fifth street. 908 V\ Howard
street, 137 Fifth street, 216 Fifth street. 4oa&.;
Tehama street 908 Folsom street, 305 Fourth
street. 305 Fifth street. SCO Sixth street. 71i 1
Folsom street, 408 Fourth street. 4aT Fourth .
street, 403 Fourth street, 827 Harrison street,
833 H Sixth street.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT. « » |
82 Seventh street. 29t£ Ninth street. I2S
Tenth #treet. 109 Seventh street, 104 Seventh'
street. 155 Seventh street, 143 Seventh street. ..
142 Eighth street. 1007 Howard street. 1081
Howard street. 1115 Howard street. 217 Eighth ,
street. 220 Eighth street. 1303 Howard street,
410 Sixth etreet. 1159% Folsora street, 13a5
Folsom street, 904 Bryant street. 47» Ninth
street. 1403 Folsom street. " ?
THIRTT-FIRST DISTRICT.
633 Second street. 5C0 Third street. 505
Bryant street. 521 Fourth street, 540 Fourth J
street. 833A Bryant street, 509 Seventh street. ¦
703 Brannan street, 506 Ninth street. 1600
Folsom street. 1603 Howard street, 1S05 How- I
ard street. 1809 Folsom street. 2031 Folsom
street, 631 Florida street, 2415 Eighteenth,
street, i 332 Missouri street. . 1054 . Kentucky,
\ street.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
5017 Twentieth street, 25S3 Folsora street, i
, S147 Twenty-fourth street. 2:t21A Bryant
, street, 2503 Folsom street. 2t£)S Bryant street.> :
2702 Twenty-fourth street. 2956 Twenty-fourth
• street. 2950 Folsom street. 2701 Twenty-fourth "
street. 1123 Vermont street, 934 Minnesota
street, 15CC Kentucky street. 914 Illinois street.
706 Railroad avenue. 1359 Fifth avenue South,-...
1003 Railroad avenue. 1708 Seventeenth avenue
South. '":'*
•Thirty-third district.
3oS Precita avenue. 3151 Mission street. 663
San Jose avenue. 801 San Jose avenue, 403
Twenty-ninth street. 423 Chenery street,.
northeast corner of North and Eugenia avenues, ¦
324 Cortland avenue, 245S San Bruno avenue,
4301 Mission street, 42^ti Mission street, 2JQ
Sickles avenue. 125 Broad street.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
6 B*lcher street. 172 Sanchez street, H48
Castro street. 4200 Seventeenth street, 2-51-
2051 Market street, 305 Noe street, 401) Sanche*
street. 623 Castro street. 5C6 Castro street, 61t»
Douglass street, 768 Church street, 1000 Noe
street. 1310 Castro street, «OO1 Twenty-fourth
street. 1531 Castro street. 1515 Church street.
1402 Castro street.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
553 Guerrero street, 637 Valencia street, 2241
Mission street. 3637 Nineteenth street, 820
i Valencia street. 2294 Mission street. 3512
Twentieth street. 2453 Mission street. 904
Valencia street, 325O Twenty-second street.
3500 Twenty-second street, 109O Valencia, street.
263 ( Mission street. 1023% Guesrero street.
2953 Mission street, 2825 Mission street, 1203
Church street, 1474 Valencia street.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
800 Hayes street. 439 Hayes street. 369 Hayes
street. 216 Gough street. 3 Franklin street.
Ill Gough street. 1437 Mission street. 1563 ¦
Market street. 1519 Mission street, lCStJ Mis-
sion street, 213 Valencia street 2016 Market
street, 1733 Mission street, 193S Mission street.
296 Valencia street, 1915 Mission street 2091
Mission street. 6«6 Valencia street. S13tt Six-
teenth strset. 23S0 Market street.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
636 Laguna street. 301 Octavia street. 64: ¦
Webster street. 525 Laguna street. 819 Laguna
street, 616 Linden avenue, 800 Hayes street.
542 Halght street. 195 Steiner street, 203 Pierce
street. 706 Devlsadero street 2G5 Scott street,
125 Devlsadero street. 432 Devisadero street,
509 Devlsadero street. 423 Lyon street, 1712
Hayes street.. 1399 Halght street. 772 Cole
street. 1700 Page street, 1792 Haight street. 010
Shrader street.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
919 Ellis street, 642 Golden Gata avenue. 694
McAllister street. 739 McAllister street. 8SS
Fulton street, 953 McAllister street, 906 La-' 1
guna street. 1400 Laguna street, 1200 Eddy
street, 1106 Golden Gate avenue, 1208 FUlmare"
street. 1374 Eddy street, 1041 Suchaaaa street.
1S99 O'Farrell street, 1219 Steiner street, 80*
Devisadexo street. 1036 Pierce street.. 1402 De- ,
visadero street, 1}Z1 Devlsadero strset, 1S3I
Golden Gata avenue. 647 Lyon street. i ¦¦.
THIRTY-XINTH DISTRICT. -«•¦-.-•
1814 Central avenue, 8476 Sacramento stroet..
406 Maple street, 2S05 Bueh street, 73 Boys*
street, 60S First avenue. 1213 Point .Lobes ave-
nue, 301 Ninth avenue, 3124 Point Lobos.ave-^
nue. 182 Tenth avenue, 404 Tenth avenu*, 242T
Clement street. 179 Carl street. 1231 Ninth
avenue. 1223 Tenth avenue. Alms House. '- •", r
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
1739 Pine street.1613 Pine street, 1406 Post?,
street 1594 Post street, 2000 Pin* street, 1600 •
Post street. 1832 Post street. 1904 FUlraop*
street 2140 Flllmore street. 2602 Sacramento
street. 2204 Bush street, 1603 Devlsadero street.
1826 Devlsadero street, 1543 DevisaOero street.
1831 Devlsadero street, 2937 Sacramento st****.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
728 Bay street. 1718 Leavenworth street; 173»
Hyde street. 1229 Union, street. 2069 Byd*
street, 803 North Point street. ¦-. 10 . B6nlt*>
street. 1S51 Union street, 1817 & .Broadway,..:
239S Webster street. ' 1904 Union street, 3ITO
Laguna street. 8114 FSllmore street, 2274 Caioo, <
street, 2510 Steiner street. 2932 Washington
street, 2008 Jefferson . street. J ; Vr";V»«
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
City Hall, 404 Van Ness avenne, 250 Lear-
enworth street, 819 Larktn Street. 406ft Mc-
Allister street. 614 Turk street. 410 Larkln,
street. 3C8 Turk street, 312 Leavenworth street.
677. Ellis street. 704 Polk street, 700 Eddy,
street, w4 Larktn street. 915 Larkln street/
1007 Vj Larkln street, 1208 Polk street. 12O2A»:
Larkln street, 1405 Polk street, 1608 Pol*
street. 1848 Polk street. 1414 Paciflo street.^- - ';'*¦
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
114 Turk street. 108 Eddy street, M9 Jen»s
street, 407 Jonea street. 683 Geary street, 501
Geary street. 310 O'Farrell street. 604 Post
street 576 Geary street, 668 G«-ary street. 601
Jon«-»tret. 929 Bush street. 976 Pin* street.
102« Hyde street. 1342 Sacramento street. 106J.
Pacific street. 133SA Washington street. X2SS
Jackson street, 1193 Pacific street. • ;.-,
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
610 Davis street, 116 Pacific street. 81« Bash
street 123 Leldesdorff street. 548 Washington
street! 626 Pacific street. 1103 Stockton street.
1200 Mason street. 847 Clay street. 1089 Powell
street 536 Pine street. 706 Busa street. 408
Stockton street. 368 Geary street. 441 Busa
street, 233 OTarreU str— «. » Ellis strsev .\
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
820 Battery street. 1303 Kearny street, 828
Montgomery avenu*. 414 Montgomery avenue.
1&2S Stockton street. 508 Filbert street. 20«
Francisco street. 408 Francisco street. 6!U
Lombard street. 817^ Montgomery avenn*. ,05
Montgomery avenue. 1823 Mason street 1613
Powell street- 629 Union street. 1601 Mason
" t Sy t 'order of the Board of Election Commli-
sloners. . QJ , O p ADAMS,
Registrar of Voters and Secretary Board of
Election Commissioners. . .
MET CALL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
„... : . - . . ' r POUTICAIi. •
•^••••^••••••••^•••••^••••••••••••••••••e
1 ARETOU REGISTERED?
• =
©
O
S You can register for the coming election
% in the precinct in which you reside:
o
S" Wednesday, September 14,
• v _ And —
0 ,. \-
2 Thursday, September 15,
i • v£";- ¦-- % — : From-
I : 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
if DO NOT FAIL TO REGISTER.
j-g-
o ' See advertisements in papers for regis-
§ istration places. : : : : :
¦!•• ¦ ¦ -. •"
|2o^^e^^oo^^^o^^^o^^^^^^^•^^^^^o^^^^^^^^•^^^ (
AMUSE3LEXTS.
CIRCUS AFTERNOON AT 2.
TODAY EVENINO AT 8.
Show Grounds, llth and Market Sts.
RINGLING BROS.
100 Biff New Feature!. 375 Star Per-
formers. Crazo Leaping: the Gap. Sub-
lime 1200-Character Spectacle of Jerusa-
lem and the Crusades. The Blarsreit Show,
on Earth.
50c Ticket Admits to Everything
Children Under 12, Half Price
Admission Tickets and Numbered Re-
served Seats on sale during the engage-
ment at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music
Store, Kearny and Sutter Sts.. at same
price charged on the show grounds.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Enormous Success of
* BOTH WELL BROWNE'S
New Japanese Musical Extravaganza,
300 PRINCESS pan^? 11 "
Clever Marches.
Juveniles FAM Ballets,
In ¦ ¦ «i» Gorseous
the -r m mi Scenery
Cast. I AIM . and
_^_ Costume*.
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 23c, 60c
COMING— "YORK STATE FOLKS."
LAST WEEK OF
"The ANHEUSER PUSH"
The Brightest. Catchiest and Funniest Bur-
lesque Ever Penned.
Twenty Positive Song and Specialty Hit*.
Unrivalled Cast and Chorus.
Scenery and Costuming Never Equaled.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Ever-Popular Prices.
Next Attraction. Monday. September, 19,
MISS MAZUMA
A Btrictly Original Burlesque Full of Sur-
prises.
Seats now on sale.
HUrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Eventnsr in the Theater.
TO-NIGHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding wltli
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
Take a Ride on the MINIATCRB ELECTRIC
RAILROAD. .
THKEE BABT LIONS IN THE ZOO.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN Co
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
MISCEUiAyEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
LAST PERFORMANCES.
'2oc M £ D I A 1 F 25c |
Oliver Moroscb Offers
V N «k PALACE t° h f e KING
MATINEE SATURDAY.
On Sunday. "The Altar of Friendship."
SEAT SALE
Opens This Morning at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Two Grand Operatic Concerts
AT THE ALHAMBBA.
pTnnie FRANCISCA,
The Great Prima Donna Soprano.
Wed. Night. Sept. 21. Sat. Mat.. Sept. . 24.
PRICES— 12. <1 50. $1 and 75c.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Lbs Angeles
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY
• 3:0O P. M.
SATURDAY 8:0O P. M
SUNDAY 2:30 P M
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance sak of seats at 5 Stockton st.
anSCEIJiANEOPS.
% - I .-,..¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABHT ST. Established
In IH34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lofit Manhood. Debility or
<tise.ii!- we&rlojron body anti mind and
Skin Diswnses. The Doctor cores' when
others fail. Try him. • I'harges l«w.
<nrr«(:nar«iitrrH. C:tll or write.
Dr. J. P. 6IBBON, San FraDcisco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; civea health aad .
strtjurta to Miual nmn* D»sofc S23 Uarkab
_^_______ADVERTISESnBNTS.
fffi||rOf Good Things to Eat and Drink,
&§(ffill[[! Telephone South S22.
7f\>/C 30-MULE-TEAM BORAX PECAN NUTS 3 11)3. l!«"»c'^Ah
Vy^l Reg. 10c size pkg. 5c Regr. 15c pound. * flz*3
/ iff IMPORTED OLIVE OIL SINGAPORE PINEAPPLES . . . WdQ
I:'f\ gallon can SI. i>5 can 15c W»
t-'lfjk Pure Italian. Rep. $2.10. Sliced. Reg. 25c. ««»*
y/^ BEST GRANULATED SUGAR. NEW CODFISH, reff- «ize torick i«
rJ 18 pounds SI. OO Res. 20c 10c »
It Pure carie. Only with orders. OLD GOVERNMENT JAVA AND a
f% IMPORTED LIMB'JSGER CHEESE PURE MOCHA BLEND fcl
iTAB^ B 3 E C M S^s'--- EaC b h ot a S C 3-FO^b 40 B C 6x-NEW-CR U O^ §g£ 1
JB TABLE RELISHES Dot. oc • << I tu\ m
¥ o fn^ at varlety - Re *- 1Oc ' 15c 'Airtight box! "Reg. 'ti.Vo? A
•¦ «.n« S'm.wnn. , -J ' «- SHOULDER HAMS pound 7i/ C «
1 SAGO and TAPIOCA. 7 pounds 25c Sugar cured. Kastern. Reg. 10c. S
1 ,,. J£S- 5 p .£» a*!?™..' IMPORTED SWISS CHEESE SI
6) FANCY EASTERN CREAM . . ...pound HOC fjf
H CHEESE 2 pounds :>5c Select cut. 10 pounds 52.50. S
yl For table, cooking or grating. BLUE RIBBON FLOUR.. . BF
B 3 -P%| C - CAN PORK AND ' -poV * 1 ' 05 §
H BEANS ........ 3 cans H5c VENARD'S CHOCOLATE H
ks Boston style, Reg. 15c each. Pound can 121c Bv
H STBYKEB'B SAND SOAP Ground. Reg. 25c. If
fl •••• .7 bars 25c ELGIN CREAMERY BUTTER H
M Queen of the kitchen. .Pound "Tic *?
K FRESH SODA CRACKERS.. Fresh. In quantities, 23»Ac fft
If •;;- VV P o °r: Und carton f»C SMALL NAVY BEANS ¦?..
Ej 10-pound box 35c. Reg. 10c. : ...7 pounds 25c j|
a ",% ...liquors.... . i
H Blpley Bourbon Whiskey..qt.bot. 75c Maryland Club Rye Whiik'y.bot 85c C
a The "Old Nightcap." Res:. $1.00. Distillery bottline. Reg. (1.25. "' fl
» Belmost Whiskey. .... ..gal. 82.1)0 Book of good toasts free with a bottle, i
EC Double stamped, full proof, smooth and Blackberry Brandy.. . . ..gal. 851.25" I
h| mellow. Distilled 1895. Reg. $3.60. Wholesome and beneficial. Res. $2 00. 1
m Table Claret. gal. 25c Bass's Ale .doz.. jgl.tiu I
if Good win';. No limit. -Res. 40c. Johnson's bottling. . Res- f- 00 1
B Holland Gin... .....gal. $2.50 Weidemann's Fine Beer. ............ ..I
K «,!? e £ u « c lmp S£^' v F e S-.* : y2: .....pints »1.:{5: quarts S2.OO &
n Old Reliance Whiskey. ..gal. $1.85 The mw Kastern Beer. Used exclu- JS
K Straight BoKrbon.Hlgh proof. Reg. $2. 50. sively by tbe' 400 of New York. You ' E
¦ Table Port Wine. ..... . . . .gal. 5Oc may sample It by asking. ¦ • Sa
n Asti Vineyard. Reg. 75c. Getreide Knmiuel. ....... .hot. 85c W»
H Old Private Stock Port Wine..gal.Sl Imported. . Reg. $i.io. ti
I! io years old. ; v Reg. $1.50. McBrayer Whiskey, rep Sl.-bot. T5c ffiTHE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
10
CIiAIBVOYAgT3--Coatianad.
AA— CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for f L
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant an3
Palmist Ever in fan Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee t»
make no charge if I fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband. wlf»
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant tn*
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate anVone you desire^ win the one you
love bring back your loved one. and eaus«»
marria-» with one of choice. 10 a. ra. to 3
£ nff'cloled Sunday. 326 Q-FarreU St.. 32S.
MME M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bids ; she reads your life correctly, give, aa
accurate description of the past, reveals th*
present happenings and portrays erents to
Sccur in the future; If you are In troubl..
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic love or business trouWes. con-
sult this great medium and you will .be told
bow to overcome them; valuable advlc* la
all affairs of life: 25c up: satlsfactlonifuar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. A pate.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestla
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
LV. 60c; O-. $1- 714 Franklin, nr. Q. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The iVendome; ,U04,
Market St.. San Francisco. Office > hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. « to 8. Phone South 1141.
PALMISTRY, card-reading. MISS I* KAHK-
TUS. 704% Larkln: 10 a. m.. 0 p. m.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card naOiax, te»
- leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy st. <
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and ps&yehlo «aM
reader: readings 25c: 2 to 9 p. m. 813 Jessie,
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-knowa fortune-
teller. Is now at 817 Ellis st.
CASPET BSATPTQ AOT> CTSANXHO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressor
air at shop; prices moderate. B. F. .Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market St.:
phones Main 152 and Busa 479. -
WHEN you become disgusted with year work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer C*n»t-beat-
lng works. 855-357 Tehama st. TeL South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning WorkSjlSOJ Hj £-
rlson St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRE2> HAQE-
DORN A CO.: phona Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-claas
carpet cleaning So yard. TeL Mission T4.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating 'Works.
833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12tt-
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;teLSoqth 21&.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works: Prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.:teL Mission 263.
CHIKOPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowing naila removed;
palnlesa. DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market st.
CEOTSrSP BiafOVATPTQ.
BUTTS cleaned and pressed. $1; ecoartnar and.
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
» phone. Drumm 44. Call for and deliver tr— .
OVttCpa.
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pactflc Collection Co., 413
Montgomery, rooma 9-10; teL Mate 8580.
ssstists.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUSft HILL. 1443 Market.n$.E!eTenth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over Ilka new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at th« Grant
building. 1095 Market st.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices. :,->.»
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2S3 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns,$2 up;fllUngs,23c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Butter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to 580 Geary st.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 808 Market, cor. CFarrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DEE5SMAKEBS AND SSAMSTBESSE3
FINKELSTETN, 410 Ellis— Ladles* tailor suits
to order on installments If desired: reas.; call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
EDTJCATXOJTAI..
A BIGGER echcot than ever. On Jvst» 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest tn the West:
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical cat-
leges; r*fs. President Jordan or any Stamford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelaa bldg.
A — THE Paul Geraon School of Aettnsr gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, trpirg; $3 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln... mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1364; Vaa
Or NaJlIen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPIXO. Engr.. math., eta; day and
eve.; Individual Instr. 505 Larkln St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pao. Bus. Co!.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thora., 2 p. tn..
S33 Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL. 603 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A-OALLAOHfin MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.'
PIANO TAUGHT. 38 GLEN PARK AVE.".
OFF 12TH. BET. MISSION AND HOWARD.
ADULT and Juventie classes now open. Hln-
man'a School of Dandnjt, 1412 Polk. nr. CaL
SPANISH.French. «.tc. Prof .Da FllippV sAcadam y
of lansuares.lOlS Pest; est. 1S71 profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by niall and per-
sonally. Miss M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montg*my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Pa T and
PARTINGTON'3. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
individual Instruc ; all branches: day. j evew
WESTERN Business Collejre. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $8 ma. $30: eve. $4 mo.; private*
CALIFORNIA Business College. S25 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request-
SSEPZiOTMZSZrr OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly, city or country.
S. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. TeL James S2&L
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanes*-
Chlneae help. 426 Powell St.; teL Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best heln at
Leon Senng's. 411% O'FarreU: teL East 42flT
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenogranh-r-
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 413 Stockton:
best help. Frits Tamasakl.mgr.;tel.Bush 833.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
flee: all kinds help. 315 Stocktoii; Main 51S3.
CHINESE ard Japanese help; estab 2O vra*«~
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO?: ffcM?^.
EUPTjOVMKUT WASTED — nrvr*TifT.
STRONG, competent American woman, ¦temnw'
ate,; honest, wants light sweeping and wash!
ing by the, day:, flne lanndreL:
worker; $1 25 and car fare. 13» Fourth «t
first flight, room 24. *rourtft st.
A RESPECTABLE youns; girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist with light housework la a
small family; wages $15 a month. Call ml
Bruce place: no calls answered without car-
AMERICAN widow wishes position to tak«
charge of a restaurant or hotel or roominc-
house; good cook. Call or address Winchester
HoteL room 253.
ATJTOagQBgiSH. __ i ___.
WANTTED^An automobile: reasonable and In
good order. Bex 121S. Call office.
LOCOMOBILE. 10-horse power; 2 seats; lp
good running order. Call 473 Valencia et.
BIBPS, POOS, ETC. ..-._•___
IIARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray par-
rots. Juet received. A. C. Robtsan. 335 Kearny.
EOABpjraG^TOE^CHIXDBE^^^
CHILDREN boarded: mother's care; best of
references. 316 Fifth ave.. Richmond.
SOAgJIWO FOB CHXPBEK WAITTED.
PRIVATE family to take boy to board; Oak-
land oref erred; attends public school. Box
16.T.J. Call office,
_?.???-5?!
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY tc CURRAN. 857 Geary at.
BTJSTHXSS CHANCES^
A— 4650; CORNER saloon, with 8 years' lease;
very best location and a good paying busl-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny st.
A— $300; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $80; best location:' lnvestl*
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location in the Mis-
sion; rent $45; ail store trade; baking 1*6
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooms. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouee; rent $16; a good paying busl-
ness. Eee R. G. WIKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $900; BOARDING and rooming house; SO
rooms; kitchen, 1 dining-room, '37 beds; good
paying and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st.
A— $2500; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
across the bay; 6 years' leaae; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; finest location in
pood business town. R. G. WILKE, 26%-
Kearny st.
A— $300: CORNER ealoon on Fourth st; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
26M Kearny st.
A — $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about $35; business dears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st. _*
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Folsom st. ; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny St.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years; daily
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels day;very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.2U& Kfcsrny
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of tnis city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny St.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
dally receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market st. Call R. G. WILKH. 26^
Kearny st. ¦ x
A— $lS00; CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations In this city; rare chance. Bee R.
G. WILKE. 26# Kearny st.
A— $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
st.; 4%-year lease; rent $107: place ls ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 'per month. Eee R. G. WILKB, 28%
Kearny st. ¦
A— $2000; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.: 28 fur-
nlshed rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows: 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et. ; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
vcice about $2800; a well established and
first -class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2o00; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrinces; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $S00: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, £6% Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; Dlace must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$1600 — PARTNER In first-class corner saloon
across bay; enjoye finest end best paying
class of custom; trial. 1108 Webster St.,
Oakland.
$2000 — PARTNER in wholesale and retail wood
and coal business; most prosperous country
town in State; established for yeara; horses,
wagons; best chance In this line; investiga-
tion afforded. 110S -Webster st.. Oakland.
$1300 — CORNER Ealoon with 9 rooms; rent $20;
nice location across bay; owner will give
leaae. Apply 110S Webster Et., Oakland.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any
description, dwelling or, rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon or business of
J any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
P may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St.,
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 3168.
THE 6AWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, 1118 Market st.
Falcone $350 to $7500
Rooming-houses $275 to $1250
Restaurants $350 to $2500
Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar etands....; $125 and up
Bakeries $175 to $500
FOR eale st a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on it; old age the
cauee. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING, Bartlett Springs.
Lake County, Cal.
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.. ~~
Business Exchange, 1118 Market et.
Clear stand, near Market st $1600
Grocery, notions, etc.. 6 living rooms. 1000
Ranch and meat market, country 6000
Ealoon. rent $150; lease 1600
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located at 911 Broadway, bet. Sth and 9th
Fts.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for sale. Any one interested . will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
$600 — Restaurant; north Market, nr. Kearny;
stands invea. ; rent $60. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at ence. See BERG, SIS Kearny.
$1200 — ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. HERG. 318 Kearny st.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm de-
sires services of reliable, energetic partner
v.-iih $700: large and Increasing profits; no
competition: permanent; steady Income; ex- ;
perlecce unnecessary; investigate. 247 5th.
WANTED — A sober business man as partner
to act &s manager and treasurer of a small,
j up-to-date theatrical troupe, to play in towns
and small cities; $700 cash required. For
particulars address box -4486, Call office.
I HOTEL business for rale; reasonable: big
business for two; clears $400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dining-room seats 40: lease given.
For particulars, write M. F. CARDOZO, Mer-
ced, Cal.
WANTED— Partner In mechanical business; no I
previous' experience required: short hours;
light work; $15 to $35 a week each;. $300 re-
- quired. 47 Geary 6t., room 8.
CHANCE for an all-round Job printer with
$1000 to buy half Interest In fob office In
Ean Jose. Address or call at S5 South Third
et, Ean Jose.
AN Industrious young business man with about
$3000 capital can purchase half Interest in
old established business; principals enly ¦
Address box 1454. Call office.'.
PRINTING plant tor nale. cheap; the complete
Transcript newspaper and Job office; Inven-
tory at Zellerbach & Sons'. San Francisco
Address NAT. P. BROWN, Nevada City, CaL '
WANTED — A good grocery and bar, without
wagen trade preferred. Box 1202, Call.
(1800 CASH or. security; corner grocery and
liquors: no opposition; splendid neighborhood-
big stock, no a«ents. Particulars 1699 Post.
WANT to dispose of half Interest In good-
paying flower store; best location in the city
Box 1449. Call office. '"
WANTED — Suitable party to start bay and
river freighting office: no capital required*
free rent.' Box 1045, Call office.
FOR" sale — Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
850 Howard Et. HHssnuB
FOR sale— Stationery * and ' notion store; rick.
' cess; value In sight; no asenta. 1803 Howard.
THE ;£Jf CALL
JOny P. SPRECRELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHV McXACGHT Manager
W. J. MAIOTX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cert Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office.... Msrket and Third. 8. F.
Cditcrlal J*ooin» 217 to 221 Btevensoa st-
PeMvwed hy Carriers. 20 Cts. Per e '^ 75
CU. Per Month. Single Copies » *- x *;- M> ,
Terms by Mall. Including Postage 'C«h «l">
Order): » B isn
CAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year.. $8.00
PAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos... «.w
I>AILY CALL — By Single Month •**;
fL'NDAT CALL, 1 Year -•£?
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear •• i-il?
f Daily.. $8.S» Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J EuEdsy. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. ( weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
AU, POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
f.-T-j-^ Ccj>l«s will be forwarded when rs-
cuected.
ICan subscribers la orterin* daWJ « •£
<r«M should b« particular to give boti NEW
AND OLD ADDKE6S In order to Insure a
prcept and correct compliance wltn taeir re-
C-e*L
OAKLAND OFFICE!
IC6 Broa£vay~ Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
CIS Cestcr Street Telephone Nortk TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT!
BAMTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW TORK NEWS BTAJfDx
Waldorf- Artcrla Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Cnlon Bcuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-arenue
Slotel asd HcZci&n Hcuse.
CHICAGO NEWS ETANDS:
Etaensan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treoont House; Auditorium
lieu.; PaXder House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bufldlns.
CLoc* Distance Telephone. -Central 2O.8. 1 )
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. 6MIT5J 30 Tribune Bulliiag
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: ;
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
JJTEINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every r.i«ht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IK* Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 c or.
R7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
P:SO p. ra.
too Hayes street; cpen until 8:30 p. in.
t2» McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. tn.
t:15 Larkln etreet; cpen cntil 9:30 p. hl
1611 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. rr_
106 Eleventh Etreet: cpen until 9 p. ra.
idZii Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Korthe&st corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until D p. m.
£200 Fil'morc etr«*et: op^n until 9 p. ra.
MEETI2TQ HOTTCES.
A SPECIAL rneetins of Godfrey MSB
<ie £t. Omar Council No. 1. iKl
Kniufcis Kadoeh. A. and A. jp Ig I fl|
tcculfh 5:;t.? c; Freemasonry. jfelBfwWBal
nil\ b€ ! • :J tn <?-mir.anien.- *=^SP=Ti
Hall. Masonic Temple, on ; Jj! "^
THURSDAY EVENING. Bep- pffiii
timber 15. 1904. at S o'clock.
Thirtieth c>£T?*. Visiting brethren invited
to attend. HENRY BURNER, Recorder.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— R
Stated raeeunj? THIS <THt*RSDAT) Vjf
EVENING. 7:oO o'clock. M. M. de- /V\
free. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F and A. «
M.. srttl nw« THIS (THURSDAY) 'W'
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- /V\
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
LA PARFAITE Vr.icn Lodge No. 17, 55
F ar.d A. M.— Called meeting FRI-VY
IiAV, Sept. 16. ISO*, at S p. m. First. /V\
e>rrfe- Ey order or the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIEN. Sec
FIDELITY Lofiff* No. 120. F. and A. «
M.— Special meetir.ff THIS tTHURS- >Af
DAY* EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Master Masons cordial-
ly invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
IXiRIC Lodpe No. 21*5. F. and A. M.— a
First decree THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVKNING. 7:30 o'clock. By order
of the Master.
J. GOLDSMITH, gee.
ETARR KING Lodge No. S44. F. and A. »
M.. 317 Devisadero Ft. — Third degree
THIS (THURSDAY} EVENING at /V\
7:30 o'clock. Master Masons cordial-
ly invited. Ey ord<r of "VV. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
TERPA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. •*«£•!&,
O. O F. — Initiation THI?--=*>*£Mj%.
fTHT HSDAY) EVENING at *~^?gg£%0
cVlork. Information rejrar<iirg "^sSnft**'
r»certion tn Boi^reicn Grand Lodge. Come
ar.4 £«=t your badges.
H. D HECIC. Noble Grand. „
C. A. WISEWELL. Recording Secretary.
PACIFIC Lofice No. 155. I. O. O. -<«&%(.
V. I relation THIS <THURS- ;»fe£SSgg£.
DAY) NIGHT pa 8 o'clock. Fms- ~-JjfiSZ'<J?*
pert Hall. Od^ Fellows' Build- *£3KS*r
lv.z- Visiting brothers welcome.
J. S. MEE. N. O.
C. R. HOLTON, Rec Sec^
THE •oinual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd FellcwV Cerr.f-Acry will be held on MON-
1>AY> F»i>terr.b*r C6. 1SKM, at 9 a. m.. at the
<ifflc* of the association. Point Lobos a.ve..
lor the election of trustees and such other
lAifines* ihst may »>» legally brought before
Jt Ey nrOr of th* Beard of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LLTZ. President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic process
Irom Jc«. C Hajrer in Mount Pleasant mine,
rear Scar.ifh Ranch. Plumas County. Cal..
irs.rii; into Erar.!rh Creek, which reaches
y>ath«-r Uiver, eives nctice that a meeting
to receive any j*r't»sts will be held at room
V,. FIcod !miUir.r. San Francisco, Cal., Sept.
-J'', 1004, st 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. lt» rages, bent to any address in tha
United Ktates or Canada one year for SI,
pc*tape r>a)d.
AGE2TTS WA1TTEI>.
WANTED — A good p«rty to take the agency
Jot my electro radir.tor for treating and
beallac til kin-is of rheuraatism. chronic and
wrouj <5!s«a.ses. PROF. WM. • RICHARDS.
Inventor and patentee, offices &t 1010V4
TTayh'.r.gton «.. Oaklsni. Csl.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that ls
a decided improvfmfTit on building- and loan
is- worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building. - ..- ¦>
UA1L $1 50 for or« <5o»»-n Jcuntain pens: will
»e!l en eight st 21c »rach: act aa agent; many
seectc sell 5 to 10 <iozen daily; earn 5250
monthly. FIELD CO.. S97 Dush St.. 6. F.
PORTRAIT aeer.tf: best prcpoeiticn for city.
231 Pf«t Ft., tocan 4.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam- bid?.,
6th floor; entrance room Cll; established 20
j-ear*: all courts', general court and office !
practice; no fe» in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel R»d 3001.
— — ./
ADVICE free on «11 legal matters; divorces a
rp»ci*ity; rrl'*'Ste. «julck; no pay la advance:
EUoiae cociFacles organized ;patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.; estab. 22 yrs.
AA — Divorce;cost? fl2:quick,qu!et;advlce free;
all law business; no charte unless success-
ful; open evenings. SJ27 Market et.. room 301.
COLLECTIONS. attach nientai, mechanic**
Iirac. probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, €52
/ Msrket rt.. room S3.
riVCRCB — Cofts, $12; tjulck. qvlet; advice
fret; all liw buslnect; no charge unless sue-
<«f«ful ; open «-enlns». 927 Market, room 301. |
ADVICE frre; divorce costs (12; no fees or
¦ costs In advance: all law business; ofSc*
open Saturday rvenir.K*. $19 Market St.. r.53.
r A TENTS. American and foreign. 'SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St., 6th floor.
L. E. CLARK. H27 Market, r. S04; consultaUoa
fr«e: no fees in edvance; open evening!.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. S5. 916
Market: tel. John B226: mnllcif tout tau»lne— .
. adoption! ~~ ~~
WANTED— Girl baby for adoption; Ideal home
DR. FUyKC.' 141C Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASTHMA CUItC
DI NOLA'S Atthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c.. 28c, We 1BC2 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wlsbart, 10th and Wasblnstoc, Oakland.
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Coatlnned.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gae; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
FOR sale— Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; beat coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately; flne proposition; has the butter
butsinesa of the towi; extensive Interests else-
where only reason for selling; books open for
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy et. ;¦ ¦
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect:
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or b'islness. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resorft 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting ftallery:
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-'
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 pear
year: pric* $2200. For further particulars
fee CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
"beautiful Ehow cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; flne location: fittings cost more than
price asked; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant in city; down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; own-
er has other lnter^stB and can't devote his
time to it; snap; $500. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st. '
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
GOOD-paylng, well -established hardware store;
all nice clean etoek; must sell on account of
sickness; only SS250; will take half city real
estate. Box 1324, , Call office.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a Ions lease: on ac-
count of sickness of owner. • Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F.. News Co., 342 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS ' corner saloon; best location;,
long lease; owner must leave the city; no
cjrents. Inquire . saloon 393 Ninth ¦ st. "...
$150 — PARTNER In honest business; will pay
you $100 per mo. with your services; short
hours; investigate. 1130 Market at., office 2.
"WANTED — To buy notion and stationery store;
good location; no agents. Box 1640, Call.
SALOON for ' sale, cheap; good . location. . 838
Broadway, Oakland.
BARBERS — 2-chalr ehop;to rent; furnished;
cheap. 1501 Broderlck St., cor. of Post.
FOl^ sale — Grocery and bar, $3500; lease ten
years; No. 1 business. Box 1635, Call office.
HOME bakery; furnished' living rooms; FVench
range; $300; no agents. 417 O'Farrell st.
GOOD corner ealoon; cheap; on account of
death. Inquire 1898 Howard st." •
RESTAURANT for sale in front of car house.
1189 Oak st. : -,-.•
WANTED— To buy. a cigar stand or to rent a
place- to 'open 'one. , Box. 1307,; Call office.
BAKERY— All store .' trade; over $35 dally;
worth $2500; price $2000. 721 Polk st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED 'corner saloon ; 'rent $35;
no night, work. Box 1243,. Call office." ;¦--:•
A GOOD' hotel In Contra Costa ."County* for
sale. Box 895. Call office.
$400 BUYS fine paying restaurant for. man and
wife; good : location. 777^ Market st. . V .
A BRANCH - of flee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements : and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market . et.; opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
Iff P Giy G-HOUSSS^rOS SA3&E— Con.
' l 3^^o^MsT^re7ir^wr > cieaJs^$3oTrrrrrrrr^aw
27 rooms; housekeepings rent $43 "1200
66 rooms; rent $300 '.' 6000
8 rooms: nicely furnished, with piano. 575
SO rooms; attractively furnished 3000
38 rocms; rent $65 800
30 rooms: rent $105 1S90
25 rooms; rent $C0 1400
MERCHANTS' AGENCT. 1008% Market st.
MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market_£t Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers :tttles guaranteed.
., MITCHELL & CO
TO let — 4 new modern houses; unfur.; rent
$5 per r. ; central; also fur. houses and flats
for sale: genuine -bargains; nothing mis-
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st. Phone Mint 741.
$550 — LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, well fur»
wished, at 143 Sixth st. Call 1 to 5 p. m. \
SMALL private rooming-house for sale; no
agents. Call 7e6 Folsom st.
SPIBTrPAMSM.
MRS CONNOLL 143 6th; trance med. meet-
ing every night, 10c; ladies' clr.Wed.2:S0,10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
to-morrow night. S; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 619
McAllister; read, dally, 1720 Sacr. st.,nr.Folk.
MRS. WATBORN, medium: readings this week
25c, 50c: dr. Mon.. Fri., 8 p. m. 1235 Market.
C. MAYO STEERS ;psychlc readings by mall $1.
3568 17th St.. San Francisco: tel. Capp 856.
" cuiiBVOTAirrs.
A Phenomenal $5 Itental Reading for $1.
Tie great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere^ — The
grea'. Egyptian -:er, palmist, medium: the
greatest clalrvojant In the world; tells your
namt, w'aat you called for, whom, and when
you will marrv, about business, etc; Ells-
mere Is dlftert nt from other clairvoyants
because he does what they claim to £01
things that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing, things that seem impossible; he gives
you Information, relief, success, satisfaction,
power and control of anv character affecting
any one or anything past, present or future;
he tella you Juart what you may expect and
what to do for your best Interests la any
matter; he awakens a natural force within
and around you, giving you a secret power to
remove the cause of any trouble, influence,
unhappiucss. diseaec, poverty, failure or bad
luck that surrouada you; he opens up a way;
for success and happiness you desire; a power
to tecrtjtly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or intentions of any one, even miles
awav : remember there is no guesswork when
you consult him: if affairs of the heart or
emotions of love Interest you, he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affairs; he
advt'es you how .to settle 'lovers' quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and love
ot any one you desire. <-
3 offices. 1007% Market street. S offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION.
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE. *
READINGS, $1. *
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be. relieved of the matters that art
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success ?
Then don't hesitate until' too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who ls permanently located at
428 Eddy st.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three ; separate reception parlors.
A— Miss M- WHIe. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal eeer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE. - "~~
Sittings, life -.readings, ; healing: Instruction
In all branches; lady attendant; afternoons
and evenings. 218 Eddy st.
I.ODGIITO-HOU3ES POB SAM.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone »6outh 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
10S rooms; rent only $5 60 per room; long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished chance of
lifetime to get first-class bouse that ls clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us.
26 rooms, new and elegantly famished, on
Butter; paying a handsome proflt on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything in
flret-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month;} hers is
best proposition in city. \
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial- house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property. or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms"; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us. . ',
60 rooms; new, modern building;' elegantly
furnished; close In; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome proflt; flne opportunity to
get an up-to-dats house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new, and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
cood lease.
1 90-room, new modern. 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent;: most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; everyf*PPOlnt-
ment heart could wish; this littie gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good 1 ; running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.-
180 rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; lull ol nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: 5-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-rooia- flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by September
5; price $400. . . . . . ... . . :
,75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished ; cheap rent ; 10 years' ¦ lease ; close 1 in ;
clears $400 per. month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure,
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most. elegantly furnished and
equipped ~ little : apartment-house ' in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
1C rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets;} always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. .
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in flne shape; : flne little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.. -_
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.'
, : ; t CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy. st. ;
CO ROOMS. Bush st;Al; location; -rent $300;
\ lease;, well 'furnished; landlady owns proper-
ty, /wishes -to retire; make offer.- MITCH-
ELL.1206 Market st.^ ' -¦::¦.¦
FOB/ 8ale4-LodKin« r house." 32 rooms; south of.
rand near: Market St.; rent $05; clearing $83.
Box 872, Call office.
(A WIRELESS MESSAGE)
(From)
MARION GRIFFIN.
' (Read)
(and be wise.) ¦ '.* - '
408. Hearst bid?., over Examln«r entrance,"
cor. 3d and Market sts.: phone Black 3607.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles.
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 19 LARGE
rooms In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
attractive house with pretty entrance and re-
ception hall; newly furnished and clean;
clears $90 monthly; mostly apartments, hence
very little work; all bright and sunny outside
rooms; It's a nice bay-window house with
HOT AND, COLD WATER in every room;
newly calcimlned, new plumbing, all in first-
class condition. To examine I this house see
' * MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN— Just listed; must be sold by 10 a-
m.,.Sept. 17; 17 rooms of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market; 2 years' lease,
price $600; reduced, from $1400; house full of
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
| DEPENDABLE houses are ereatly In demand;
we have one of 100 rooms, . clearing < $438
monthly; books open for your inspection; ions
lease; low rent; make offer: easy terms.
¦: MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house, S5 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only $430;
long lease;, over $10 i>er day clear proflt;
for sale at a bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE . thousand dollars less than | its value wiJI
take a nicely furnished 16-ropm house; v qulet
and respectable; clearing $76 'per month. Se«
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only $57 rent; modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooms; splendid lo-
cation; $860. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed -will clear over $10O a month; 10
rooms: ¦ !V MARION GRIFFIN.
PARTLY furnished; 30 rooms:' 19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease; $1260. . MARION GRIFFIN.
'TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
lease; cJears $200. MARION GRIFFIN..
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $125; all
permanent' roomers; If you -want something
NICE, let us show you this. •
¦ ¦ ¦- MARION GRIFFIN.
CHOICE location; 66 rooms; rent less than $5
a room for the building:: lease;-oak and mir
hogany furniture. MARION - GRIFFIN.
H. C DECKER. Phone Jones 531
. 900 MARKET ST., COR STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling houses over 2S years
in San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title ' and sells the
bargains to his customers. , Eee him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furaltura $ 3C0
60 rooms; Market st..; only'...*....,..,... 2500
8 rooms; McAllister St.; flat..'; 451)
3fl rooms; downtown; reduced to 1100
' 8 rooms; fins piano; on Butter st. 400
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
6 to 460 roo*s; prices $30 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER. OOfl Markft St.. cor Stockton.
110-ROOM" HOTEL and RodinNG^HOUSE!
AH Modern Improvement*.
Clears 5450 Over All Expenses. .
Small-amount cash,: balance "as you make It
out of the profits of th* hou«e!*pric« reduced
to $8500 from $12,000 DECKER has this bar-
gain. Office- 006 Market st. " ¦ ' "
16-ROOM~NEW. MODERN H0U8B.
. Elecant Kurntrure.
Cost ?2000 to Furnish.
• Reduced to $1200; only. $500 cash.
SEE DECKER. 00*1 MARKET ST.
22-ROOM house; flne corner. •••^ ~ "
¦-'•» .¦-¦" Rent Only $30. ..
- Clears * ?110; ¦ prlr a • $700, worth $1200. For
sale by H. , C. T>KCJK tsn._ 00*1 .Market st.
EXCHANGE for roomln«-ho»n»— Krult ranch"
is flne place. Sea DBOICKK. fmn Market »t. -
FLAT.of 10 rooms itrnl bath; n«w. elegant fur-
. nlture; cost 51600;- must nell;. offer wanted
See DECKER. 006 Market st.
A-^— 34-ROOM transient house; downtown: clears
;. $200; price $2800; no agents.' Box 2199, Cail.
FREE-CHEMICALLY PURE AND WHOLESOME TOUR POUNDS
The Perfection of Purity
Mmmti \rn~i J Amm* 1 I—W 1 W I \ 1 i»tf I W L/ J j i JLa* |
For tKe Table For the Bath For the Kitchen
Free to -Want: Advertisers in" Next Sunday's Caff
Ijl^iBHfe^tpi TWO PACKAGES fjffiF^"™ 1^™"!
IH J fHiP flhsolntelD chemicall]] pure. invigorating & refreshing Pf
Pot-fp 1 '^,! llP 1(^^H n ls hlfftlI fl sanitapii, lelnff chemically r^iHrl ||
| S^I^P >/J|i jtjj l{ ls haniled and packed with the \m 1 1| S M
(Mf 9 li ls ° r I>8PfECt ffTflln flni texture ' W$M IS fl^/^/y<r^ II
(fL^w NrN °/ |\ & It Is superior to anij Imported salt. • t{ Klil M wMf^^^m^ffirfiL m
oeFms and dlseasss than salt. p
:s^^^=^~^0 i *^ No f00{1 product is more Important to 8^ 8^
fob the TABia. nf e and ffO oi health than salt, POB THE BATH .
C. E. WHITNEY & CO. San Francisco
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
THESE PREMIUMS FREE WITH WANT ADS I
BROUGHT TO OUR OFFICE THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY FOR THE SUNDAY CALL :\:*:
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD AND MARKET STS.
Open Until 12 O'clock Every Night in the Year
OAKLAND OFFICE.. .. y :1O1O BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
11
rapircr_xyr wA-rrEp.— re-uae--coa i
SVUONG. wlllir.K, «H>m|«rlf-ni American woman. i
temperate, l.cntft. wants light ewi-eptnz 1 and |
wa.hinx l'> tlif «_>: tine laundress; guarzn- J
te-r «.i:isfsc»icn; f 1 ~5 and carfare. 1SJ
Kcurik. et.. first fiieiit. room 24. j
LM>i from the East (rant* first or *ccond
fixiiug in rcatscranl srbcr* she ran go b3BM
Dl£_>. Call r.t 71S Howard tt.. rucm 1«2, j
aiij ifavc _tidrcr_. . I
REIJARLE woman would I!-* Munition to |
- t_kf .uiv nf invalid or rWUres: f* kind and '
«.'1.''.*m::k an'-l he* had t *i»et i^nci:. 'Jail or I
advirCit. Nur»e. !15.S Mission 6t. |
BOU— E— CSStZS K—bes «-ag_jrtmentji crtfisw*
<»¦'• bocne: (toi'hJ cook: fund nf clitlflrin; good
K*-e<;ie ••¦•!.•¦••. moderate salary: reference*.
\f\y. Post fct., phone I_rkln 1U32.
A U'OUAN warns a ilace _t housewo:k and
«-<x<k!r>g ;»n'-»U sr&eU— (); i? V.\r.A to children.
Anpty !I2 Trt_m* rt.. mar Si-cond.
A NIiAT jourg lady woulj like a p'wition to
do h<x!W.ver_ _nii cick'tig. Tlets- call at
\atX r.rfta n.
CIKL want* po.;: .< :i at huUsgwortK ssroaJl fam-
ily «-• iHu'ts: t»«5'» $2t». 802 Turii »;.. near
v«.r. N>f ave.
JAI'AM^li girl want* a position to do plain
crx'kl-t.' or know watt] in family. 1G4C Turk
«t.; tel. Titir 1110.
OFTRMAN -.vcrr.an «iant» housework in «malt
fnmtly: S-S • lao-.'h. Call Minna fct.
l^JSlTION v. =r.*.cd »s jrov.-r:--b» cr *n private
aebcol cr cvrvex.t by thorough musician; 14
>ear»" i_pfri<nce teaching; piano. slnc'.r.K.
G'rrr.an ard nrrl>h brancbeii. literature.
Box 14:;.V CaJS r-ffic*.
A COMPETENT Fir! wUbes position. *23 to
$30: be«t reference*: ao rostaJ. Call Mon-
day 1 15* West Park ct.. near Mission: taKe
Coi_a car.
A STUONG imnu ••iab»« work washlrjj on
-lcn^ay; bait day Friday, •weeping and
tfustiEg. <'cl! Faiurfay evening cr Sunday.
It3 TwelTt- st.
MIDDLE- AGE!) Ormcn woman wishes situa-
tion to <5o genera! Iwunrwork !n private fam-
ily; «_ge« »10. AcCrf-ss Lex 1247. Call.
K1P.ST-CLASS fan-.I'y <-.<k w ar.tn a p'.sce:
cooking onijrj wa_- s JaS; will work by the
day; references. Bcx J4-"3. Call office.
GIRL withes a tc*it.cn to do lijht housework,
plain cAotciRg-; §-hrrt cistar.ce in country; no
chi_ren. 407 Van Ness ave.
IU_=PECTABi._ rirl -_£U plaae in country:
home more than n»s*5: c:d people preferred.
Write box 1«32. C*!l o?Sce.
WANTED — By re*pertab> woman, washing
by day cr "half day. Please call at S275
Rarrlson *t.
WANTED — Place to take charge of houre as
hcu^Keeper; rcod references. Box 1C59.
Call office. .
COSCP— TENT American ana Oman cook;
. first -cl«J» references: car fare. Box 1221.
Call office.
WANTED- By lady cf mi-file _ge, assist aa
ho-utekwper: fire «ean_tre»s; In nice family.
Bex \ZV±. Pail efflc-c.
LADY w>uld Mke ptr*!ticn a* nurs* for one cr
two children; willing to travel. Call or ad-
dress MO Po*t st.
BY yourg color* d woman, sweeping or clean*
ing; by <!•>' r bou r - Ca!l or address 16
6locktor. ;_i.* .
YOL'NG lai> wishes t:> coach children or
adult? lr. primary xr.d grammar studies. Ad-
drew MI*S A. I . 1032 Fanchez et.
WOMAN -ijfcts to assist in je#taurant or
b_rd 4 .ng-hou»*. Call at 7 Baldwin Court, off
Folsom «.. rear First.
A TOl'XG woman wants jwiriti-in as working
housekeeper :n hotel; wages $25; would go to
country: «xr»rience; refs. Box B44. CalL
WOMAN wants work by the day: washlr.g or
h»as*clear.lr.c; $1 So and car fare. MRS.
Ot?GC 1>. 115 Hayes rt.
FlP.ST-CLAfcP chambermaid. Address bcx
1CS8. Call office.
ErTUATTON to make buttonholes. 545 Lib-
erty rt.
YOL'NG lady would like plain sewing by the
•:«v. Jessie Ft.
POSITION wanted as seamstress. Box 1306.
c*:i office . • r"
TLAIN newinj: wanted by competent woman.
257 *::-.r..\ street.
A YOL*NG woman wishes situation. Bo_ 1203.
ca:i cra^e.
5ITUATION a ? curse. Box 1255. Call offlce.
TOfNG lady detlres position; clerical work.
O. M.. box 1213. Call office^
EEAKETK— S8 wants steady work. Call or
n«-e«- CT5 K— _¦_ «... bet. mh and 13th.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
Cay. 1217 Howard s_
WANTED — Position as nurse girl. Address
bcx 1225, Call office. / .
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, position a«
fc'nj-ek^r—r. I«o5 Fulten rt.. near Lyon.
WANTED— F»w fsirilles' waihin- to Uke
hojr.e. Card or inquire 2S19 Baker «t.
FWEDIEH girl wl-h»s genera* housework:
wages $15. 23S0 Bryant «., near 22d.
A YOUNG Ia«y wants a position In some of-
flce; isexperteneed. Box 12S3. Call offlce.
AI>V_RTIPFMENTS, Mbscriptlcn* received at
C_l brasxh office, cor. Duncan •__ Cfcurch ¦_ .
WANT a£s nnd subscriptions taken for The
<"a!l at Eaton's Bazaar. «33 McAllister «.
E_tP_OYKXKrT WABTTED— MALE.
ATTENDANT cr nurse, want" oosltion: any
k_fi: «ieht yearn" expert ence irfr.ta! ces*»;
ftraCuaJe training school; CrFt-claw EhciUh
f_d American references; used to travel.
Box 1B4L Call office. . : -
TOTTNO Italian, well educated, sound knowl-
edge of English. French ar.d Italian corre-
• ; r.d«r;c*. i.r.s bf«n in business in Canada
and 'England, desire* situation In any
capacity; security giv«i. Bcx 1457. Call.
A GERMAN. raia91e-a&*d and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In rrocery -store and bar-
room; first-class references. W.. BOHLING,
417 Kearsr «-
"WATCHMAN, married men, aged 35. desires
a steady position; first -class reference*. Ad-
$ dress bcx 1Q7, Call office.
A TOUNG, strong man. speaks German, Bo-
b«_-.i_i. Polish and Ekiglieh. wants position
al work In city. Box. 1644, Call offlce.
WANTED, by mlddl*-agrd man. position as
clerk or bartender in ccuctry hotel; best of
>"*f— ""f Box 1C42, Cali office.
OOACHMaIs axdi chauffeur. Swedish, for
private family; very bert city and personal
r_ferer<-«*. Bcx 163*. Call offlce.
A STEADY. s:>b*T German d!*hwa»h»r wishes
peeiticti. Pi»-a_» call 65R Folwmn st.
FIP.ST-CLAFS cor.k wishes a position. TOM
GOE. 1110 Stockton rt.
TOTTTTG Craug-Mrr-an. graduate from Germany.
wiih two j<-ars' experience In rhopa and two
years' office wo:k in New York desires
like position In San Francisco. Address F.
LAZAP.UB. 216 Leno- ave.. New York City. '
• WANTED— FitoaUcn. by an engineer and ma-
chinist, with 9 years' experience; also un-
derstands electrical renexators. motors, tee
rr._l_nc. firing with oil. Box 1245, Call.
STEADT. reliable young man. 23. expert, book-
ke*pcr,<!eslres place as bookkeeper or assist.,
wtth chance of cdvanc^ment; first-class rcfer-
euces; ir_*cs low to brgin. Box 1445, Call.
JCIJU_ <23_O. graduate training school,
w_hps case ar.y kind: Cm-class American
and i:nr;.>Y. reference^: thoroushly under-
tt*z>£* work; used to travel. Box 1330, CalL
COMP-TKNT man havlrj years of experience
want* no«ltKn as rnimrcr of erccery or
would fce"! r:«.-!elt!cs In dtv cr Eta'e Bcx
3229. C_l' cff.ee.
YOUNG man. hard worker, wishes position as
»£Ei— act ta - land surveying, topocraphlcal
ekctchirg.' etc. ; any locality; good draughts-
rr._Ti: excellent r»fere_ce_. Box -13SG. Call.
BOOKKEEPER end cs-hier. German (_S),
temperste, 12 years' experienc- in office
«tr_; refererce* and bend; country Dre-
ffrrrd. Bcx 10JS. C_ll offlce.
A YOUNG Japanese couple desire positions;
butband \t good cr»k and wife to do house- <
work and waiting. _. INONE. 2224 Eanta
C7.-.ra «ve.. Alamcda.
GARDENER wishes rZac* ->r frill take
charge vcpetatle r-l=» in Hut el. Etox 1103.
Call cite*.
CXiii PFJTENT foremen far vineyard end cel-
lar, -aisa exr-*.-ier.rr<2 in orchard. orUhes jo-
*i;Son. Please apply C30 Sacrameato st. .
CAHPENTER (non-union), can plan bull-in*,
wants work; will co to country. Box 1_6,
C_l oCDce.
MISCEZ-LA-T-OUS WAm
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, cents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LJdlTENSTEIN BROS-. 20
Stockton st.
WANTED— A secrnd-hand gas engine; In good
condition; about 2*i horsepower: price must
be low. Address bcx" 1415. this offlce.
A BIG price for ladles' and gents' c«tcfr
clothing, Q-."_ Foleom gt. Tel. Folssm 3522.
FOR exchange — A good Singer sewing machine
for a trunk. Box 14.12. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goedg. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
HIGHEST prices for ladi^'.jent s castoff cloth.
Irif. etc. T.»l. L'a-.-I* $-_5; t:.'>0 Sacramgnto St.
ZOEDICAX,.
LADIES d-sirlng safe, sure «nd quick relief
frcm Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
. orbltant fee* CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' «T>erlence tn all fe-
male disorders; call or writ*. DR. WHITE.
7i"2 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exc!u3!%ely to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
phystclan here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
_H._WESTON. offlce 005 KEARNY ST.
MR* DR WYETH, specialist for all femais
complaints and irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Post St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-*
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C8Vi Mark»t St.. opp. 8th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by exprexs. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: prlc<» $3. By express only
on recetpt of price. OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O-DONXELL— All who a<e stck or
In trouble consult this specialist on femals
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult caaes treated;
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism: magnetic vapor tit
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
LADIE3, call at MRsT~BROWNS for medical
advice. 1279 Union st; 9-2.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth^t.. b«-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom St., corner
2oth; ladles, relief or no fee; 510.
' MO5CT JTO IiOAg.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save excenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
rtc; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
terects In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
« A reasonable amount on
1st. _d or 'M
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in "ity, town
or country.
Low rate of imprest.
Give full particulars
•f property or chattels.
Location, etc. •
Box 49w. Call Office.
PRIVATE^ — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee: no
com.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. S2o Parrott bds
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A ON rumiture cr pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real esta:«;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 33.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
P4tf Market; tel. Main 1614. Branch 1» ThirU.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business la 46
principal cities. Tolman. .Vi-'J Parrctt bid?.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market at.
? LOANS FROM $1 TO IHf.i.M).
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. nn. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at .W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried Peoplw
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Riai-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sta.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage*.
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people- without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 5.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans to salaried 1
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you s*»
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1CO3 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 M— -ket st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny
3% ON furniture * pianos: $13 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN; room 81. 9 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
tndcrser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner balldlng.
MONEY WANTED.
$C00O ON good security: Interest 1 per cent per
Month. A. O. COLTON. Mills building.
mttsicaIi rarsTiaiTJMEirrs.
HFAPQUARTERS for renting pianos — Llttl*
pianos for small rooms, medium sis* for
average rooms, big pianos tor larg« parlors,
halls, etc.: pianos for rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo. ; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well aa rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. ECOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
. Erard. small upright for practice $40
* Woodworth and Allovon. splendid order. . P5
Neumao. mahogany case, a bargain. ... 123
Sherman, Clay ft Co.. good order 135
Orovesteen & Fuller, splendid order.... 145
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 OTarren tt.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase: lowaat
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety o£
new pianos: all makes In used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.: Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.: easy pay-tenta;
'month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano, $125. BACIOALCPI.
7S6 Mte-icn st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer uprijat t» be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary St.
' SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceceltaa piano
I player. BYRON MACTT. 8C8-313 Post St.
i NEW upright piano* sold en $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Steraway up: CT.ickertnr baby grand;
Shonlnger. llttto used. Keeffe's, 285 OrrarrelL
• O-T1CES AND STOBES TO _ ET.
' HALF of store, 150xlS; large show window;
good location en Market St.: old established
I place; rear and front entrances. Box 2131,
Call office. ' i '•
AN elegant -store for rent: suitable for barber '
shoo taller or haberdas-er. luqulx-t at
Temple Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
LOWER part of 423 Sutter st: suitable for
business purposes. . . . . -
PATE3TTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney -at -fa.-. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market at.
Continued on P»*e TwetY*
HSZ.P WANTED— MA T^T— Cnnttoneji^
A— jTurraY^READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German,. Grench, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave "-¦ ¦ 1004 We Hope to
60.000 Men .Work,. Increase 60,000.
CALL EARLY— 23
PLUMBERS. PLUMBERS. PLUMBERS.
MURRAY & READY, «34 and 636 Clay at.
~ HE IS COMING.
25 single and double hand miners, $75 to
. f 83 50.
5 chuck tenders, $75; 6 muckers, $67 50.
See manager of mine at our offlce to-day. .
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st.
ARE^YOU~GOING TO BUTTE?
25 teamsters, special job, $67 50.
1 25 laborers, special job. $67 50.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and 630 Clay *t.
~~^ ~FREE~FARE TO YOU.
C2 laborers, spikcrs. s-troppers. track layers,
graders and other classes of work. $t'.0.
MURRAY & READY, 634^and C36 Clay St.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
San Bernasdino, Riverside, Pomona, Red-
lands, to the land of sunshine, fruit and
flowers, where man can work every day at
$t>0 month.
ORANGE AND LEMON DISTRICT.
165 teamsters wanted 1 , $60 month.
Ship by Santa Fe R- R.. $4 60.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and H36 Clay st.
X V T.— R. R. OWN WORK— SEE US.
125 laborers, spikers, strappers, track lay-
crs- etc. steady job year round, wages $60.
Cut thla out; ask specially for this Job —
X V. T.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE REFUNDED. It Costs You Nothing*.
ALE DAY HE IS WITH US.
General manager at our. offlce. See him. "
GREAT GOLD MINE CENTER.
53 two-horse teamsters; you'll do..Wages $60
49 laborers: you'll do Wages $60
SPECIAL R % R. FARE, $2.
* STEADY JOBS FOR YOU.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NOT FAR AWAY — 30c FARE. .
85 laborers, anybody will do, light . work,
$.10 And found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 BOILERMAKERS.
12 Boilermakers. 12 Boilermakers.
32W.C to 36^4c Hour. 32%c to Stf'Jc Hour.
Manager at Our Offlce.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FACTORY— FACTORY.
16 laborers, fare $1. steady job; wages $60.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. i
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boys or young men. box factory, $35 fd.
MURRAY^ _A READY. 634-636 Clay ut.
$1 FEE— $1 FARE. FRUIT PICKING.
155 MEN OR STRONG BOYS
' To pick fruits, work In packing and dry
houses $30 and found, per month.
If you can eat fruit you can pick fruit.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
_________—---————
Millions of dollars U. S. Government ' is
spending.
SEE HIM.
Representative' of the United States Gov-
ernment work at our offlce to-day; see him.
r>."5 teamsters, you can drive. $75.
655 laborers, you can shovel, $75.
63 drillers; can you drill? $00.
55 muckers and concrete mixers, $75. ;
Cooks waiters, carpenters, blacksmiths, etc
Office fee $1; that's all.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
. STOCK iANCH— STEADY JOBS~!
12 two- horse teamsters, fare $4. $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
12 carpenters, boss here U>-day, plain work,
Alameda County. $3 day.
t carpenters, ranch, fare $1 30, $40 fd.
9 carpenters, factory, $3 50 day.
6 carpenters. S. M. Co., fare 40c, $4 day.
FOREMAN, BOX FACTORY, $100.
3 woodworkers. -' 4 bench hands, $3.
Man make tables, take lead. $.3 day.
2 brush makers: country: band sawyer, city.
SHIP CALKER.
6 IKON MOLDERS.
Slark coolers. 2 varnish finishers.
Concrete finisher, culvert work, $3 day.
4 concrete finishers, free fare, $4 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoers. fire and,ft!>or_.$4 day, .
" Hoi-rshoer; S. C. Co:, far* $1. $3 day.
Blacksmith, shoe, fare 7.">c, $2 75 to $3.
Plumber's helper." lftc fare. $1 50 day.
12 PLASTERERS, *4 50.
MURRAY'- READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
-~ PRIVATE AND L. STABLES.
Gardener, special, private. $30 and found.
Choreman, special, private, $35 art*! found.
Stableman, R. It. camp, 5Oc fare. $30 found.
Stableman, mine town, fare $4 50, $35 f d.
16 hostlers, buggy and harness cleaners, $60.
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
14 choremen and boys, see us, $15, $20, $30
and found. .»
26 general farm hands, steady Jobs. $30 fd.
12 milkers, various places, $30. $35 and fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL JOBS.
Attendant, doctor's sanitarium, .fare $1. $25
and found.
Young man, 20 years, city office work, J9
week.
' Young man, bright and active, lunch coun-
ter; will teach you; $40 and found.
Young man learn printing, city, $9 week.
Janitor and porter, large bakery. 15c fare.
$2 day.
Younp man, city wholesale house, $40.
Boys learn trades.
BAKERS-
Foreman cake baker. $25 * week. /
Baker's helper, Madera Co., $30 fd.
3 helpers, different bakeries, $20. $25 and $35
found.
. DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman', city.
BUTCHERS.
5 sheep butchers, $80.
3 butchers for a large ranch, $Ti0 fd.
» butchers, different places. $30, $40. $50,
$60 fd.
4 knife men. ?2 75: 3 sausage makers, $14.
WAITERS, ETC. .
Oyster man, $45 fd.: 2 omnibus boys. ;
Walter, fare (5, $30 fd.; 2 waiters, south,
$30.
Pantry man, $30 fd.: silver man. $30.
Bedmaker. $20; man run wash machine.
8 porters, hotels and saloons, $20, $25. $30 fd.
12. waiters, different places, $25, $30, $35 fd.
COOKS.
Cook. 20 men, . .special camp, no blankets,
$50 fd.
Cook, country institution, fare $1 30/ $60 fd.
Cook, $40; dishwasher, $15: hotel, mine dlst.
Cook, ranch, fare ?1 30. ?25 fd.
18 cook*, different places, $30, $40, $50,
$70 fd.
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOTS—
DISHWASHERS— BEDMAKERS.
Dishwasher, sawmill district. $30 and found.
Dishwasher, city Institution. $25 and found.
0 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch Ironers. $12 to $16 week.
Polisher, lrcner and starcher, fare $1 60, $2 50
MURRAY & READY. 634 andJ536 Clay st.
_— MABnlE _
Farmer and wife, man as foreman, wife
cook. 3 men $65 to $75 and found; fare $3;
boss here. * ¦
Farmer and wife. min i teamster, wife cook,
dairy. $55 ''and found. ' ¦
Farmer and wife, stock ranch; no* women
" there; $40 and found.
Farmer and wife; 25 cows; wife cook, 3
men; $40 and found.
Married farmer, southern town, $C0 and fd.
TO THE MINES.
6 young men learn mining, $30 and found.
6 machine miners. $!K>.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FOREMAN for dairy. ??>0 and found: .V first-
class carpenters', • ?4 day. country; clothing
-and furnishing goods salesman. $20 week;
man for furniture store. ?75 month: butcher's
helper. $30 and found: .cabinet-maker. $3
day: horseshoers. ?3 to $3 50 day; black-
¦ smith's helper.-$S5 and board: tally man for
mill, $40 and board;, lumber pliers. $35 and
board and . increase: choreman for stock
ranch. ?25 and found: farmer and wife, $50
and found: farmers, laborers and others. J.
F. CROSETT. fc CO., ' C2S Sacramento st.
BUTLER, small family. $30, and found: baker,
country skop, $12 week 'and found: ranch
cook. $25 nnd found: 2 cooks and wives, $60
and ?75 and found: fry cook. $14 week;
waiters. 430 and $45; dishwasher, kitchen
men r»nd others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.; 628
Sacramento st. . -' ' , ¦ . ¦
' /..-•¦:,• *~AT~HORD &; SMITH'S.
Contractors'-- Agents. : 95 Third st.-
Man who understands grocery and hardware
business, ?50 and found, country.
t)lnky locomotive : engineer. *3 25. . ¦-¦
Mangle hand, laundry. $20 and found/.coun-_
Body lroner, *30. and found, country.
2 ironers. $25 - and . found, . country.
Bench hand, cablner-maker, south. ; $3 50.'
Laborers and dBtamsters, '¦', Amador Co., $2. '
Railroad workplone Job. fare $2 35.
No'fee charged ; and, fare refunded.
Laborers wanted all overstate.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evening*: ' ?*> fif> ¦ week. " Fend - addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Depv W4,
.box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.- ¦ . .; \
EXPERIENCED \ salesman if or first-class gro-
¦ eery establishment: downtown; state refer-
V' encea.v. Box i 1458.*. Chronicle office. *
CASH -,boys wanted. Apply PRAGERS - D«-
partment Store, i Market and Jones its. , ,
_HEI.P WANTED— -MA^E— Contlnttefl.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S Employ. Office^
429 BUSH ST. G42 CLAY ST. ¦' "
200 teamstere & laborers, new R.R. work, $2
<j Free Fare — Free Fare — Free Fare.
100 teamsters and laborers. Nevada $2 50
Fare $7 50 Fare $7 50.
Scraper teamsters, now electrical R. R., $2
Fare ?l SO.
Experienced apple & grape pickers, $1 day fd
2d cook, do some pastry, club, north.... $75
Cook, mine boarding-house, fare paid $50
Cooks, waiters, porters, bell, elevator boys.
3 nurses. Institution, country, mental cases,
$30 found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO/S Employ. Office,
429 Bush st 612 Clay st. .
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Coffee and tea salesman, country, salary $45
and commission.
Printers' Junior salesman, learn business, $8
and commission.
Stenographer, $15 week, references required.
Two. waiters, $10 50 week.
Bookkeeper, grocery and hardware, country.
550 and found. *
Salesman, utensils and stoves. $15 week.
Candy helper, young man, $7.
Watchmaker, second, Texas. $18 week.
Optician and watchmaker, $25 week, city.
Manager fancy goods, $100 and upward.
Salesman, gents' furnishing goods, $17 50 wk.
. 80 placer miners, $30 day earned, honest
proposition, many masons make up party
. of 100.
Many other gocd positions. Call at offlce,
500 Hearst Bldg.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
Carpenters — C more carpenters.' large com-
pany, steady work, country. $80 and found.
5 carpenters, build gold dredgers. $97 60.
2 carpenters, near city. $4.
• 2 laborers, help carpenters. $60; 4-horse road
teamster, dairy, $40 found: 3 butchers, shops
and ranches. $35. $40, $50 and found: 2
butchers' helpers, ranch, one make sausage,
$00 and found; 2 stablemen, country livery,
$35 and $45 and found; other jobs; cook,
mine.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
• to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
• or evenings.
FIRST-CLASS cutter of good appearance:
- steady position to right party. Apply S. N.
WOOD A CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — First-class operators, prescers and
flniehera: good wages. M. SIMINOFF, 1228
Market st.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott building.
WANTED at once — Barber: must be first class;
wages $16. GRANT PERSING. St. He-
lena, Cal.
GOOD union barber wanted Saturday and Sun-
day; good pay. 2431 Mason st.
WANTED— Youth to work in factory; chance
for trade. 522 Market St., fourth floor.
WANTED — Delivery boy for butcher wagon.
.SCHRADER BROS.. 1372 Market st.
WANTED — Sash and door maker. Pacific
Planing Mills, Berry st.. near Sixth.
WANTED — Three' salesmen; expertance not a
necessity. Box 21S0. Call offlce.
WANTED— Young man to do porter work in
restaurant; $20 a month. 135 Powell st.
WANTED — An offlce boy. Apply P. J.
O'NEILL. 25 Steuart St.. city.
TWO boys 16 years old to learn boat building;
one dumb boy preferred. 61S Third st.
BOY wanted in fruit store. 1538 Point Lobes
avenue.
BOOTBLACK In barber shop at 1062 Mc-
Allister st.
DAY cashier wanted. 29 .Stockton st.
SHOEMAKERS wanted. 693 Howard st. V
JAPANESE for chamberwork. 17 Fourth st.
FOR .sale — 2-chalr barber shop, with living-
rooms. Box 1045, Call office.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale; 2 steady
and 1 extra. Apply TROST, 3CS Mason st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between » and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ; y.;.
WANTED — Experienced floor manager; must
be familiar with the dry goods business. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class dress goods salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALB
BROS.'
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured: special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
- les, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
6 SMITH, 95 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trede; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men' and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue givWig particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
OFFICE assistant: young man of good char-
acter' must write well anii*be expert at fig-
ures. Address box 124fl, Call office. ¦
FOR sale — Barber shop and baths: clearing
$35 to $40 a week; In town of 1800 popula-
tion. Address box 2179. Call offlce.
WANTED — Man and wlfe> to do laundry and
chamberwork and assist with Invalid: wages
$#5. "CATTELL'S." 525 Sth st., Oakland.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 20 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between I) and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
MACHINIST for overall and shirt factory:
must understand sewing machinery. Box
14-18. Call office.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade: a
good chance. For particulars call at 751
Mission st.
EXPERIENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's offlce The
Emporium.
MEN and women learn the barber trade;, wages
paid while learning. HEIGHT'S. 047 Com-
mercial st. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made: $1 ft $1 30
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50: we pay express
charges.. II 3d «t.. Exm. bid. :open till 0 p. m.
\ FOR sale — Furniture for small barber shop.
• ' Address 7 Vallejo terrace, between Mason
and Taylor sts. ¦
TWO chair barber shop for sale; cheap. 3917
18th st. :
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire at 326
. Montgomery ave. .
BOY about 15 for men's, furnishing store; one
,| that- speaks German preferred. 424 Kearny.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Man to do Janitor work for his
i tuition In S.F. Barber College," 741A Howard.
WANTED — Oysterman. Apply 469 Seventh st.^
, Oakland. ¦ ¦ \ ,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of 1
i the world at HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart at.
3-CHAIR barber shop; good location; 3 Uvlng-
rooms; rent $12: $150. 42S Sixth at.
FOR sale— 2-chalr - barber shop and 2 . house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery .sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
LABOR debts collected: j suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy.,r.4L5.
BAILORS ¦ and ' ycung men (green ' hahds) -for
; ships. HALLBERT.' 517. Jackson .-at, ., .¦ : x :~,
PENSION Atty.r' E. A. Bullls,r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past ; Com. • Geo. - II. Thomas Post. t G. A. : R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. -44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; - reading rooms;
-, free 'bus and ; baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for The ¦ Call ; for the , recep-
; ¦ tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at * IOCS < Macket st.. opposite
¦Fifth.- Open until ¦11' p. '. m.~ ! / : , .
ALL ' sires men's shoes.' slightly damaged, half
: price. : 563 ¦ Mission ¦ st, ; bet. 1st and - 24 ¦ sts.
GET - your " shoes - half -soled ' while waltins;: ] 23o
to 50c. 563 Mlslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d et*.
ru_yirxr__ waited.
_ ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don'* »ell your furniture, carpets, office iur-
nitrrf. 'etc.. until you get his estimate.
EASTERN »rcple want second-hand furniture;
J best prices. NAYLOR. 1217 Geary St.; phone
Larlcin 104S.
HE-P WANTED— P3MA1E.
2 COOKS, private family $40
4 couks. German style $30-$33
2 parlor mai-Je. city and country $30
3 cooks. American family ¦ $30
4- second girls, city $20-325
Housework girl. San Jose \....$25
4 ironers, laundry, city and country
1 . $10-$13 week
General housework girl. Shasta S-5
Kitchen helper, institution ..'.$25
4 waitresses, country hotels. f2S-$30
Man and wife for hotel, country ?tiO
4 nurses $20-$25-$30
Cook lor Oakland, no washing ..$3i>
Cleaning woman for institution, , sleep
home $25
Won-.an with a child for country §13
4 restaurant waitresses. .$7 and $!* per week
41 housework £!rls. city and country..
$20-$25-$30-$G5
Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. Sutter.
'
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Reception lady, photos, $40 to $80.
Lady to feed press. $10 week.
Sklrtmakers, $10 week. . ,
Stenographer and bookkeeper, $50 each.
Candy sale'tlady. $7 start.
Typewriter (shorthand unnecessary).
Photo printer, $20 week.
Notion salesladies, good positions, $S week.
Also domestic help. Call at offlce.
5iW Hearst Bldg.
A COOK. $*S; cook and second girl, same
house, .<.T5 and $25; mother and daughter as
cook and nurse to go to Texas. $50; 4 second
Slrls, $^0 and $23; waitress, country hotel,
$25; woman to cook for the help In a hotel,
$35; cook and second girl. Berkeley. $30 and
$25: houseilrl. family of two, $30: woman
with a child to cock. Institution, $25. MRS.
.„ NORTON, 50$ Mason St.
MATRON for KirlV Institution, $25 and found.
Matron for dining-rcom, $20 and found.
Chambermaid, hotel, city, $20 and found,
Ccok for tlx people, $25 and found.
Nurse for invalid, city. $30 and found.
CALIF. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d; tel. Bush 405.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
219 Kearny st Phone Black 2446.
3 goo.! salesladies, some experience In drug
pur.drie«, $65 month.
Young lsdy stenographer. $25 to start.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Masseuse: steady position; $30 and found.
A— HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three r-osltlons to fill immediately; positions
I guaranteed at '$10 per week up: leading
" schcol in West. 2^3 Geary st.. room 13. '
A — PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
reccgnized . college of. Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both scaS'jrs tauzht from start to finish
in one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
f-al?tf!art!es.«-tc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up.
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.,r. 13.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; Inclose self-addrcised
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W4 "Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
FIRST-CLASS wrappers wsnted; steady posi-
tion: good pay. Apply at I. MAGNIN &
CO.'S. 43-53 Ellis st.
NEW ENGLAND woman or girl: general
housework; $15; 2 In family. 371 Minna St.,
near Fiftfc.
WANTED — A Scandinavian girl for general
housework in small boarding-house; no cook-
Ing; wages $20. 108 Berry st.
YOl.'NO girl for cooking- and housework. Ap-
• ply Thursday or Friday morning, 2126 Fill-
more st.
GIRL for second work and assist 6-year-old
boy; $20; references. Call to-day, 1305 Van
Ness ave.
SKIRTMAKERS on ladies' suits; steady posi-
tion. GOLDMAN & KRAMER, C09 Mission.
FINISHERS en ladies' suits; steady position.
GOLDMAN & KRAMER, 609 Mission. st.
WANTED — Alteration hand* on suit? and Jack-
ets. Call STRAUSS & FROHMAN. 107 Post.
GOOD German woman for housework; sleep
home. MRS. GUILLIUM. t>27 Montgomery.
. _
GIRL to assist with light housework; 4 adults
In family., 239 Webster st.
WANTED — Good girl to Iron In laundry. 423\i
Turk st.
APPRENTICES and flirt-class makers wanted
in millinery store. . 6?>2 McAllister st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to represent local firm;
free to leave city. Box 1456. Call offlce.
SWEDISH or Danish girl for general house-
work and cooking, $25. Apply 2432 Jackson st.
A STRONG reliable woman to work several
hours dally. Apply Thursday. 404 Turk st.
: FIRST-CLASS stylish dressmaker; good fitter.
Room 7, 819 Market st.
BAG operators. Ill Clay rt.
A GIRL of 16 for light housework and care
for baby; references. 242 Thirteenth st.
WANTED — First-class Jacket and skirt alter-
ation hand* Apply between $» and 11 a. ra.
at HALE BROS. . . - : •-.
WANTED — Experienced candy saleswoman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
• BROS.
WE want waist hands and apprentices; satis-
factory wages and regular i employment.
Sentinel Manufacturing Co., 112 First at.
NEAT young lady as cashier; must live home
v.-ith parents: references; small "-cash bond
required. Call 10:.10 a.m.. S05 Mission st.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper. Box 1248.
Call offlce.
GIRL for family of 2: ref. required; good
home. Apply 2435 Franklin st.,' nr. Green.
MACHINE girls and finishers on vests. 641%
Stevenson st., between Seventh and Eighth.
APPRENTICES — Wholesale millinery. HOLM
& NATHAN. 012 Market at.
A NEAT girl to do general housework; wages
$20. 333 Bartlett St.
— ——^——— —————— ————— —————— ______________
NURSE for two children; wages $20; refer-
ences. 4140 Twentieth tt.
¦ ' — — — — . — i — — _— ¦— ,
HELP WAI7TED — MALE.
AT~CALIFORNIA~EMP. AGENCyT" ' ''."
14 Third st.. near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
GOVERNMENT WORK— NEVADA.
2."> teamsters. $75 a month.
2."i muckem and laborers, $75 a month.
Special shipment to-day, fee $1.
2 house carpenters, city. $4 a day.
4 laborers, quarry, $2 25 a day.
2 teamsters, city. ?2 25 a day.
Lather, f.1 SO per 1000. ; . . . '
3 carpenters, near city, $4 a day.
Hrd carrier for plasterer. $3 day.
6 laborers, steady job, city. $2 a day.
Elevator boy. city, $36 and room.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* •
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
63« Washington st. Phone James 3301.
NEVADA— SHIP TO-DAY — See Boss Here.
Teamsters," $75; laborers. $75; concretemen.
$7 50 fare refunded ; 10 lumber pliers. $38
and found, board hotel; 10 laborers,- quarry
work. $00. 15c fare, eteaay work; 10 team-
sters. $2 25; 10 laborers. $2 25 day, Butte
Co.; 15 teamsters, north. $67 50. see. boss
here.' fare refunded: 3 ranch nand's. $30 fd.:
stableman, ranch. $30. ¦ . . . >
L. H. CUTTING A CO. '
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE. 612 Merchant.
Wanted, 10 miners, $3 per day."
f Drillers, teamstera, muckers, concrete labor-
'ers for Nevada, wages $90 to $75 per. month.
2 men to wreck buildings in city.
Boy for electrical shop, $0 to .start."
Stableman. $C0 to $75 per month.
Active boy. 18. $1 50 per day. '
Mining engineers, hoist, pump and compres-
sor men, blacksmiths, machinists and skilled
labor to register free at this offlce.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..- ~
219 Kearny St.; phone Black* 2449.
. Al household goods salesman, $G0 mo. - -
First-class chemist, country. $1 25 me.
Younp man for furniture store, about 16.
Tearuster, country, W0 and found.
Barn man, country, $25 and found, i- v
, Elevator boy. city.*: $20 and room.,
Grocery, clsrk. Al salary.
BHOWER & CROSLY.
WANTED — Retail salesman. Apply Great
American Importing Tea Co., 48 Market st:;
upstairs. -. ¦:..-><-">:.¦'¦. •,¦_> ...;••.:.•,¦....•
WANTED— 2 sober. Industrious young barbers:
$23 per ' month. ¦ with board, * room. '- clothing
and doctor. Address box 22, Presidio, Cal. -
_ggl'g WAlffTEP— a_-_S— Cont_ ,n>a.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE; CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND 32. 7TH
FLOOR. 5CS MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL.
MORNINGS. ' V
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor. Duncan A Church *tst
SO— XCXTORS WANTED.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st., Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $0 day. 1114
Washington st.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a.m.
HORSES AMD TTAQO JTS.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed yea-
round ; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 130 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Beautiful black mare, 7 years old,
12C0 pounds; also new harness. 122H Eddy.
FOR " sale— 2 horses: ~eheap. Call at 1 130
Potrero ave.
SMALL horse; $15: good condition: for buggy
or wagon; must be sold to-day. 272S Bryant.
WANTED — A business buggy. Box 924, Call
of flee. . ,'•¦•¦,.
FCR sale— 15 fine- surreys for cost price. 1503
Folsom st.
ALL kinds of business wagons and buggies for
sale cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st.
NEW high-grade buggy for sale; cheap. Box
S73, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Hcrse. light wagon, harness. 44
Beaver n.
NEW .".-spring business wagon for sal* cheap.
1680 Mleeion St.. near Thirteenth.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
- every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth et.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-".
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia. 1
HOUSES TO X.ET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms on California st. ;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pagas . sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO IiET — rTOSTTBHEP.
TO sublet. 8-room apartment, completely fur-
nished, 8 months. Apply the Empire, Bush
and Leaven worth sts.
houses rroimgEP— roB sax. e.
FOR sale— 15 -room house, neatly furnished:
will cell reasonable. Call at S15 Geary st.
A WEU_-FTJRNISH_b house of 0 rooms; all
sunny; rent $27 50. 416 Minna st.
fi nrv___D chaibs.
SOLD, ' rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel.Park 775.
,
\~OST AND FOumjj >.
LOST — White bull terrier with black dots on
lids, bruise on back of neck, big leather col-
lar with round brass heads. Return to 41
Eddy st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Gold fob and locket 'between S. F.
and Oakland; initials O. G. N. Reward for
information or return to 461 Eleventh St..
Oakland.
LOST— Pocketbook, Sunday night, containing
papers with name "Chas. Rule"; return to
AL HOAG. drugstore, corner New Montgom-
ery and Market sts., and get $10 reward.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction tn
prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st.. phone Grant
187; 1204 Sutter St.. phone East 817. -
LOST — Sunday, at the ¦ park, black , hand bag
with some money and Jewelry: Bnder kindly
return to Occidental . Hotel offlce; reward
of $5O. ¦ -•• . . -
LOST— Topaz breodlj on Polk St.. bet. Sacra-
mento and Jackson; greatly valued as keep-
sake; liberal reward. 1618 Jackson st.
LOST— A diamond at corner of Sutter and Polk
ets. Finder plep.se return to room 14, 23 Ste-
venson st.. and receive liberal reward
LOST— AVcdnesday. seal wallet: liberal reward.
C. P. HAAG, 19S3 Ellis St.; phone Pine 1S51.
LOST— Monday; fox terrier pup; white and
brown ppots. 505 Bush St.; reward.
LOST — Sunburst brooch. Return to F. Thomas*
dye wks.. 27 Tenth st., and receive reward.
LOST — I locket, monogram "L"; three dia-
monds; lib. reward. . Add. 237 Webster st.
LOST— Small Scotch collie bitch; red ribbon
on collar; reward $5. 602 Geary.
FOUND — Little white fox terrier: black spot
behind left ear. Call 14 Third st. '
-AUWCHES PO- Sp"^
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH c67. foof of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 631.
J. Michaelts Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Stenart st. ;tel. John 2688.
MATTRESSES A__ PILIOWS.
TO^rder ; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. r phene South 216.
MISCELLANEOUS — 7»OR SAX— .
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 632 Mission st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
j needs no palnttng or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
AP.DSON BROS.. 1S1G Market St.
FIRST-CLASS ticket to New Orleans by way
of St. Louis; gentleman, light-dark, medium
height and slim. Address W. J.. Box 1241.
Call offlce. ,. ____^
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
ttc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BOOKS — SO vols. Scientific American complete:
15> vols. bound; ateo 30 vols. Encyclopedia
Britanntca; make offer. Box 1450. Call offlce.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12. upstairs.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.,
upstair*. . .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $L 50 pair:
foot -form shoes at $2 50; we p«- express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
FOR sale 1 — Roller top desk and chain; cheap.
122% Eddy st.
HANDSOME mahogany wardrobe for sale. Ad-
.dress box 1400, Call offlce. Oakland.
GENUINE water spaniel pups for sUe: 42S
| Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN; upstairs.
AHK for sale: finely furnished. Apply J.F.W.,
j 125 Tennessee St.. Vallejo.
' 2D-HAXD bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt.
A FINE lorgnette chain with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st. ¦_ '
P.OOMS papered: $4 up; tinting." painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third ;tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission at.; tel. South SU.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring SSO; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL; 1021 H Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, sew and second-
- hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns.' sale rental:
, bargains. Bui lard A Breck. 131 Post st. -
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
: h. p.. cheap K. B.* BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 . Battery st. - •
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all siies. " J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st. ¦
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. |1 per yeai. ,
E_IPI,O 1 _X1_ET WANTED— Male — Con.
-COKKEEPER— Young man. thorough ac-
countant, experienced in handling credits
and corrrspendence. understands latest meth-
od*, desires situation where come executive
ability Is essential; excellent references; sal-
ary moderate. Box 1107. Call rfflce.
YOl'NG mm., 20 years old. knowledge of Gei-
B— a, Frci ch. English. 4 years' experience
first-class hotels, wants o(Hte position in
ho;«-l. Ad Iress M. J. DUTTBEKND, 102S
Jackscn si . /
M1DDLE-AGKD man with several years' ex- ,
perience as coUector and otlenB—B in all
bvanche. 1 " cf iirtaliment bu^lnfss wart? «
*teaUy joh: can slve l>est of reference ar.d
¦hond if neccsgary. Address box 12a«. Call.
RELIABLE steady, sober man wants position
as day,or nlrht wRtchmnn; city or country. ,
K3 S ; acramea:o Et.. Overland House.
A YOUNG rr.aa. rcod reference. T.ishes a situ-
rtion as bartenQer !n city or country' town.
P:s 22O.->. Call rfflce.
ENClXHEn. steam; can m^Sce all repairs;
h?.ve rood t«Jl»: Al r»fercnc?r n» to ability.
sobriety, etc. ;Addre— P.. 1—9 Huyh et.
FJR>T-C_\SS nil around nan wishes pcsltlon
b;.- dsv or week as toaaq ar.J window cleaner.
Adrtre^s bcx IC31. Call office.
FIReT-t'LAFS all around ir.ir. wishes position
by day or week as »«%*• and window clean-
er. Addrr-'s box 2192. Call office. ;
A FIR5T-CT-ASK, '.nderrndent. licensed plumber
wri-.:* work by the .Jay cr w..ek: has all nec-
eatary *hcp tools. 1*05 1140. Call office.
AOCOTTjrrAKT, fix >'M"3 In charge; especially
recomniended for accuracy and hjonesty; $80
a tr.or.th to start with. Box f>75. .Call office.
GERMAN. 2S >-eare>. until now tn Hamburg ex-
pert firm, wishes \> s'.ticn; salary moderate.
Bcx 637. Call.
WANTED — Situation by exi»erienced collector;
ben re.'ercaces given and bond i' necessarj-.
Addre*s box 1015. Call rfflce. Oakland.
WORK wanted, at home; translations. Eng-
lish. l!a!!an. French. Epanirh; correspon-
dence, etc. Bor. 1C2S. Call office.
BOY wir.t: a position as errand boy. 5 Ship-
ley ft.
WANTED— A position as waiter. Box 10«51.
Call office.
SITUATION' wanted as f.rst-c'.ass salesman; Al
references. Box 10C0. Call office.
BOY wants job as a cash boy. 915H Filbert^
Ktreet.
BOY wants to learn trade. HERMAN GOLD-
STEIN. 58 Shotwell et.
PLUMRER wants Job. 14 Laskle st^
SHOW card writer wishes position. Box 10«2.
Call offlce.
BOY wants pcsltlon to team plumber's trade.
544 Jessie ft.
WANTED — Job as candy maker. RAY
STRICKLER. 6 Mary Terrace, off Turk st.
BARBER wants position. Apply 1557 Mls-
Fion st.
BOY wants a position in a wholesale houce;
references. Apply at 1326 Eddy st.
WANTED— Position as drug clerk. EDDIE
SAMPTER. 20 O'Farrell st.
GARDENER tGerman) wishes position on pri-
vate place. Box 1318, Ca!l office. .
BLANKBOOK forwarder wishes employment.
Box 0«?l. Call office.
SPANISH-AMERICAN veteran needs employ-
ment. 441 Gear)' st.. room 27.
YOUNG maa wants light work. Address C. F
Cl.'.'-j Bufh st.
WANTED — A position as a machinist. Apply
42 Tenth *t.
HONEST, willing young man wants position as
porter and help tend bar. Box 1222, Call.
CHINESE cook wishes position in city. 133
Waverly place, city.
JAPANESE couple wish situations in a pri-
vate family; man ir flrst-clag» fsnry cook:
wife waitress at table and .housework; 14
years* experience: good reference. F. I6HE,
518 Jessie st. Tel. South 99.
A JAPANESE faithful boy desires a place as
dishivR*hrr or any kind of work after 7 p.
m. HENRY. UOBH Castro st.
A BRIGHT young Japanese wants a position
as a watch repairer; have experience of 8
years. N. YOKOYAMA. 350 Jessie St.. city.
JAPANESE wish positions in family;
man a* cook, wife waiter: make themselves
generally useful; best references. Address
fi. H., r.WK Mina *t.
GOOD, honest Jat-anese boy wants work in
cHntal laboratory, city or Oakland; have two
veers' exr>erience. K. OTSUBO. 375 Fifth
St.. Oakland.
A JAPANESE as* schoolboy or waiting and
housework; family; references. K. I., 121
Halght et.
A RELIAPLE Japanese boy wants position as
h"uf»wcrker or heln cook. H. S.. 22 Pros-
pect j>!ace.
A JAPANESE Echool boy wants nosltlon in
small fair.ily: good cook. YAMAGUCHI, 1304
Pfft St.: tc!. Setter 4132.
JAPANESE boy wants position as porter or
dishwasher, after 5:30 p. m. Address KU-
WABARA, 521 Ducont St.
JAPANESE wants position as waiter at table
In family. HARRY S. SATO. ICI7 G»ary
St.; phone West 87.
AN honest Japanese boy wants place as
schoolboy in Email family: stay long time.
K. K.. 1*08 Polk st.
A YOUNG Japanese couple want position; city
or country: man txc^llent. cook; wife wait
at table. A. B.. 435 Dupont «t.
JAPANESE boy wants schoolboy position. 1752
Fillmore et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call
1« pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per yearl
PXATS TO XET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
serriee absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-233
Ctary sc_ on the square.
GREEN. 2132. nr. Webster— Most elegant new
10-room upp»r fiat, with attic; sun all day;
superb, unobstructed marine view; $70-
NEW 7-room middle flat, 5-12 50; new 8-room
house. $35; latest Improvements. 130 Second
ave.. near Sacramento st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG, 110 Montgomery st.
BUKH. 1CG4. bilow Gough, lower flat— $25; 7
very larye rooms; no objection to children'.
EIC.HTF.ENTH. 45S3 and 4595—4 and 5 rooms;
rent $17 and $1S.
HOWARD, 2338— C rooms and bath: every
room runny: rent $25; no children.
¦ -? .
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fillmore— Flat of ;
6 rooms; eun in every room; large »gar den.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 33S3. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and p.; cars pait doer; $20.
FLATS TO I.ET — _Tr_3TCS_ED.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of flv«
rooms and batb: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and S p. _.. 78 Scutk
Park. - -.'..'¦.:'>.
FURNISHED nous© for sale, with store; low
rent: ir>C First at., for fall Information.
J^ATS^OJB^SAriE— rraagBKEO.
STOCKTON. 17S2 — Flat of 7 well furnished
rooms and bath to I rent; furniture for saJe;
a bargain; owner leaving the city. Call be-,
tween 1 and 4 p. ra. ¦ -.
FOR sale — Swell furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath: cheap. 100 Guerrero et.. l»-i blocks
from Market rt. Call bet. 10 and 2. j
FLAT of 5 roomf , - Just newly furnished; $173'
if rold at once: sickness. . 313 Kearny tu
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-roozn modern Oat;
•hewn from 11 ta 1 daily. 824 Geary «t.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elecantly furnished 7-
rooci flat. Apply mornings. ]
— tr_armr_E roa sa_e. \
FURNITL' HK. sieves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barser. 4.T9 Vs!encia.nr.lCth.Tel.Church 2879.
IJ. MEYER Jt Co. pay hith:»t price for fur-
niture, cerpcts. etc. 7S2 Mission:tel.Bush S13. .
A FOLDING bed. JS: top mattress's. (2 SO.
ANDERSON'S. 13 Turk St.. Just, off Market.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 &0 down; $1 (K>
Mr tie<ic. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post at
OF LESLIE STERSLI7FD SA! T TO WANT AD PATRONS—FREE1 500 Sovereign 31
10 Giant Powder ..*>. 64 00
l(>0 Kllauea 3 87$»
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alpha 10| 200 Kentuck 08
ROO Andes 191 300 Ophir 2 20
300 Belcher 31| 100 Overman ..... 21
100 Best & Belch.l 20 300 Potoai ........ J2
200 Bc*t & Belch. 1 15 ."W0 Potosl 11
200 Bullion 23 2C0 Seg Belcher... 12
200 Con Cal & V.I 10 20O Sierra Nev.... 34
200 Crown Point.. 15 300 Union Con.... S3
1C0 GoulA & Cur. 20 600 Yellow Jacket. 15
Afternoon Session.
20O Beleher ..... 31 1 200 Mexican 90
100 Best & Belch.l 15! 100 Overman ..... 22
100 Caledonia .... 631 200 Savage 15
150 Con Cal 4 V.I 05 200 Scorpion ...... 08
200 Crown Point.. 14| 50 Silver Hill.... 50
700 Exchequer ... W>| 100 Union Con.... 38
100 Hale & Norc. 5C 100 Utah 11
10O Hale A Norc. 64 1C0 Yellow Jacket. 14
100 Hale & Norc S3
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraji
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchaags yesterday:
Morning Session. \
500 CoAmbla .... 2S 140ft Mont Ton ...1 SO
BOO Gold Bluebell 08 S0O Mont Ton ...1 ,v.
1000 GoldflHd Ton. 11 300 Mont Ton ...1 43
500 Gold Mt Con. 02 BOO Mont Ton...l 52^
CGO Hazel Kirk . . 121 500 Ray A O'Brien 0.1
500 Little Ton .. 15'2WW Rescue C9
100O MacNamara ; 37! 600 Ton Midway. . S3
fiOO MacNamara . 36 «00 Ton Midway.. 37
70O MacNamara . 3*1 ICO Ton of Nev. .7 75
10O MacNamara . S5| lloft Ton N Star., in
inoo MacNamara . S3 110O Ton N Star. . 1*
3100 MacNamara . 32 100O Ton N Star.. 20
ROO MacNamara . .".1 1 IC** West End ... 13
200 Mont Ton ...1 CO!
Afternoon Session.
Itt) Columbia .... S0|'-10f» Mont Ton...l «2U
600 Gold Bluebell. 00! 200 Mont Ton . 1 «?.
1000 Jumbo Mln.. 1 001 2000 Red Top : is
2000 MacNamara . 33 j .TWO Rescue P9
SCOO MacNamara . 35J 5S50 Rescue j©
9100 MacNamara, . 34| 300 Ton Belmont.. B7
200 Mont Ton ...1 55! 100 Ton N Star.;, is
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. lMp.m.
¦Bld.Aak.l Bid Ask
Arpha ....... .OR lOUustlce 09 11
Alta......... 10 12!Kentuck. 06 07
Andes ... 1R lftjK. Graessler.. — 35
Belcher ..... 31 32tLadr.,Wash .. — 05
Best A Belch. 1 10 1 20! Mexican ..... 08 tn
Bullion ....... 23 2M Occidental .... 75 KS
Caledonia-.... «S f4|Ophir ........2 \n 9 «»o
Challenge - ..v 21 23f Overman ..... n -3
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
Edward Ross, lot on NW corner of Serpentine
avenue and Alabama street. W to Harrison, S
to Serpentine. E to Alabama. N to beginning.
being that portion of Serpentine avenue lying
between the W line of Alabama street and
the E line of Harrison. Preclta Valley lands,
quitclaim deed: ?1O.
Matthew O'Reilly to William Nlcol. all In
terest in 63.1 D 381. lot 13. Mission-street Rail
road Homestead Association; $10.
Henry A. and Lome II. Whltley to Betti*
Mehlwttz (wife of Anthony) undivided one-half
of lot on NE- line of Nineteenth av%nue, 75
NW of H street. NXV 75 by NE 100. block 363.
South San Francisco Homestead: also undivided
one-half of lot on NJ5 line of Thirteenth ave
nue, 75 NXV of J street. NXV 75 by NE 100.
block 1030. same: also undivided one-half of
lot on NE line of Ninth avenue. ISO NXV ot
F street, NXV 75 by NE 1C0. block 159. saaat
grant.
Anthony and Bettle Mehlwttz to 'William £,
Stone undivided one-half of same: grant.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to William
E» and Maggie E. Harris^ lot on XV Jtne of
Berlin street. 150 S of Henry. S 23 by "W 120.
lot 2S. block 18. Railroad Avenue Homestead:
$10.
Mary McCarthy to Annie M. Robinson fwifa
of E. B.). lot 3. block D. Spreckels subdivision r.
of blocks A, B and D. Park Hill Homestead *
Association No. 2. quitclaim deed: $1.
Annie M. Robinson (wife of E. B.) to Ed
XV. and Herroana M. Bennett, same; $10.
Baldwin &. Unwell to George C. and Emily
Timms. lot 3. , block 8, subdivision 1. Casxro
street Addition; $10.
Virginia Vanderbllt and Theresa A. Oel
richs to Thomas Whearty. lot oa S Una ' of
Courtland 75 W of Bennlngton, XV S3 by 3
1C0. lot 11. block 6. Holly Park; $10.
'Builders* Contracts.
The Townsend Company (owners) with
James Crlchton (contractor), architects Sutton
&. Weeks— Excavating and pile driving for
a three-story and basement brick building on
W corner o! Kins and Seventh «treets NXV
264 bv SW 275.
C. Sanders (owner) with B. Kiel and M. B.
Dye (contractors). architect — All work for
a. two-story barn on the NE eorner of Potrero
avenue and Fifteenth street: SlOoO.
Simon Bauer (owner) with Olsen & Ben
son (contractors), architects Kldd & Ander
son — All work for a two-story frame bulldln*
(storage cellar and flat over, with two-story
barn and stable In rear) on B line of Florida
street, 193 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by E 100;
Joseph Feederle (owner) with Chrtet Schwvl
zer (contractor). architect — All work for—
a one-story, basement and attic frame build
ing on B line of Vermont «reet. 130 a of
Twenty- fifth; $1900. 3 cf
William C. and Hilda E. Gillie* (own#r*i
with L. G. Bergen (contractor). arcnttecTwii
liam G. GIllles-All work for a 0^,^
frame residence on S line cf Seventeenth str***
15O W of Sanchez. XV 25 by S 114. M » E&t
$3000. ¦' . & 10O »
Lizzie * Lobree to Louis R. and Cella. F.
Isaacs lot on XV line of Seventeenth avenue,
250 S of N street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Eliza E. Cam.
lot on S l!^o of U street. R7:6 W of Forty-first
avenue. "W 25 by S 100: $10.
Stephen and Josephine 1» Byrne to Etta
Plato (wife of Louis), lot on E line of .Harri
son street. 275 S of Preclta avenue S 23 by
E 110. Preclta Valley. 156 to 158: $10.
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to J. XV.
Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot on
W line of Nineteenth street. 275 N of C street.
N 25 by W 120; $10.
McEwen Bros, to Martin S. Shaw, lot on
W line of Tenth avenue, 200 N of K street.
N 25 by W 120: also lot on XV line of Tenth
avenue. 2^5 N of K street. X 25 by XV 120; $"<>.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Slg
mund Rosenthal, lot on NE corner of Twenty
sixth avenue and Lake street. E &7:6 by N
108: $ .
Henry O-. and Estnlle Mayer to It. B. Chase.
lot on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue. 150 8
of California street. S 25 by E 12O; $m
Georis F. Lyon to John and Anna. Stelner,
lot on E line of Moultrie street. 35O S of
Crescent. S 5O by E 70, lots 2*3 and 245. Hol
liday Map A; flu.
S. Ducas Company to Anna. Stelner. lot en
E line- of Moultria street. 75 a of Crescent. N
75 by E 70. lots 215. 217 and 219, HoUlday
Ma» A: also lot on E line of Moultrie street.
250 S of Crescent. S 75 by E 70. ' lots 235.
237 and 239. same; $10.
Herbert L. Younger. Alice Nugent <To__g
er) and Annie E. MacDonald (Younger) t»
Virrlnia T. Younger <wlfe of WlllUm J.). lot
on NE line of Eddy and Glasgow street*. X
75 by E 25 (life estate); $10.
William C. Ames to De Lorma H. G_ater.
reconveyance of Interest In estate ot John A.
Huntington; $ .
William O. Barr to Annie GrundeH. lot ©n
W line of Polk street. 48:4 S of Filbert, S «:S
by W 10O; $10.
Cbaries L. and Aanl« Gruadell to Joseph L.
Eviston, same; $10.
Central Trust 'Company (trustees for meaner
C. and George K. Hooper. Rosa H. Plainer awl
Mary H. Perry) to Eleanor C Hooper, lot on
N line of Vallejo street. 200 E of La gun a. E
74:3 by N 137:6; $24,000.
John H. Saunders to John G. Roberts, lot
on E line of Devisadero street. 63 S of Union.
S 34 by E 103:l'/i: $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Lean Society to F. J.
Caatelhun. lot on NE line of Eleventh sweet,
225 SE of Folsom, SE 50 by NE 205. quitclaim
deed: $10. '
Clancy J. and Mary E. R. Dempster to
Dempster Estate Company, undivided two
thirds interest In lot on W line of Folwm
street. 124 S of Seventeenth. S 24 by W 122:6;
$10.
Same to Mllen R. Dempster, undivided one
third interest In same; $1».
Max and Beckle Gross to 1* Bin* (trustee).
lot on W line of Jessie street. leO IT ot Nine
teenth. N 25 by W SO (November 15. 1904):
$2300.
Augustus J. Ranken to W. O. and Vaa
Delia Hind, lot on N line of Fourteenth street.
125 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 93; $10.
Norman McKlnnon to Edith Bass, lot on X
line of Fifteenth street. 221 "W of Noe» W 2*
by N 115; $10.
Patrick S.. John EL and Id* Bw MeMa&on
to W. R. Arnold, lot on I* line of Twenty
elghth street. 150 W of Dolores. W 37:9*4. NH
117:9, E 3, SW 20. S 95; also all interest In
estate of Thomas J. McMahon; $10.
Alexlne Galey to Maurice Leger, lot oa 8
Un« of Army street. 95 B ot Church. E 25 by
S 114; $10.
Estate of David R. Jones (by Caarle* C
Bemis. executor) to Mrs. G. F. Reynolds, lot
on S line of Twenty-sixth street. 189 w of
Dolores. W 25 by S 114: $720.
William H. and Annie E. ReUly to Catherine
E. Bowden. lot on W line of Eureka street.
200 S of Twentieth, S 25 by "W 130; $10.
Estate of Louis, Leon and James Tou2aa
(minors), by P. A. Berge-rot. guardian, to
Kmile Artisrues. undivided one-fortieth of tot
on SW line of Montgomery avenue. l»:24i SE
cf Broadway. SE 34:4%. S 3S:9*i. W 22, N
65:2»i; $22O.
Estate of Francoise Artlgue* (minor), by
same, guardian, to same, undivided one-stx
te«nth of same; $550.
John B Nau to Sidney J. Nau. undtvld-d
one-fifth of lot on W line of Montgomery
street. 87 :R E of Greenwich. N 50 by W 137:6;
also property out of county; gift.
H. M. A. and Grace J. Miller to Frederick
Gar.tner. lot on N line of Filbert street. Ill W
of Montgomery, W 26:6 by N 137:6: $10.
* Ada R. and George A. "Webster to Mtnnie
I*. Johnson, lot on N line Ot Francisco street.
206:3 E of Hyde. E 30 by N 137:6; $ .
Atexander G. and Caroline J. Ella to Mary
F. Healey. lot on W line of Hyde street. 74 S
of Post. S 2O:l by XV* 5«: $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Southern Pacific Company, lot on E corner of
South street and Seventh avenue. NE 825. SE
240. SW 745. W 98:5»i. NW 182:5^. a B. St.
excepting portion 8 of Charter Una 1S50:
5 ; also lot on E corner of South street
and Seventh avenue. NE 820. SE 620. SW to
Sixteenth avenue. W to Seventh a-venue, N\C
to beginning of S. B. 34. except portion, lying
S of Charter Line 1550; grant.
REAli ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Chollar 12 IStPotosI 11 13
Confidence... 65 70| Scorpion «j C«
Con Cal & V.I 05 1 10t Savage ••••••• 1J }l
Con Imperial. 01 02! Ses Belcher... 11 1»
Con NY.... 06 07! Sierra Kw.... 32 34
Vrown Point.. 13 15! Silver Hill «M> 51
E Sierra Nev 03 Otfl St. Louis — 10
Eureka Con.. — 50! Syndicate «3 m
Exchequer... 53 «1| Union Con.... 38 3»
Gould & Cur. IS 19»TJtah 11 12
Hale & Nore. M B4[ Yellow Jacket. 13 15
Julia OS 10f
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Adams t)4 CO, Paymaster ...•<£ —
Colehan — Oui Qulncy . ©T —
Columbia 29 — t Ray Exten .. — OS
Esperanza ... 01 C2> Ray & O'Brien — <N
Coldfleld BAB 00 — I Ray Tonopah — 10
Goldfleld Mln "0 —| Red Top 1* I**
Goldfleld Mhk, 17 201 Rescue J« U
Goldneld S Pk 17 — ! Sandstorm ... oj> —
GoIdUeld Ton. 11 —I Ton E=teiT....l U\* —
Gold Mt Con. — «2!Ton Gt W... J8 -—
Hazel Kirk .. 11 121 Ton Gold Mt. 1« 17
Jim Butler .. — 64' Ton Midway.. o7
Little Ton .. 20 — 'Tonof Nv.i «»»» TS»*-»
Lucky Tom.. 04 —I Ton N* Star... — 13
MacNamara . "J 351 Ton & S Lake 81 —
Mlzpah Exten 17 —[United Ton ..04 05
Mont Ton.l 62Ti 1 67'i (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1901.
12
&E-J- ESTAT-^—COUBT-'BY— ror Sale.
TO Investors or home seekers In the river dis-
trict of County— I have 320 acres of
rich agricultural land In heart of oil region,
only 12 miles from Bakersfield; will sell as a
whole or subdivisions; on main county road.
• nr. railroad and canal; cash or \i on mtge.;
investigate this; cheap. Box 1131, Call office
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
-.vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
.-Ocgues tent free. C. M. WOOSTKR CO..
C48 Market st. .
FREE booklet and poultry folder. San Benlto
County Improvement Club. Holllster. Cal.
! C-tlC-CEIT SAMCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Bubdlvldlnc fine orchard on gentle slope;
elze to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
¦ fruit; call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
_-_NX.O PABK HEAXi ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair - Oaks; water and good
roads; last' cf this property left; Vi cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home,, with
splendid garden end magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned hcune in good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks— Land In best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; in tracts of ;
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to tboae
building immediately. .
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California st.
ttEAIi ESTATE WAHTE-.
WANTED — A ranch' of about 100 acres, ad-
joining acme Government land; must have
house, barn. Implements, etc., and plenty
of water; within 10 cr 12 miles of some good
town; will exchange business clearing over I
$100 per month and pay or accept difference;
Sonoma or Mendocino County preferred. Box
1309. Call office. Oakland. - '
SEAL ESTATE TO --CHANQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-803 CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience In this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The 'only condition we
make is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KINITAND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
, we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to accept.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALA-ESA E£AL ESTATE.
A NEW 7-room 2-story house Just completed,
beautifully finished on Inside; large closet
for every bedroom; dressing-room fitted up
with every convenience; beautiful' sideboard
and china closet In dining-room; electricity
and gas for lighting; within 1 block of sta-
tion and Vi block to electric cars; lot 40x117:
¦will sell on very reasonable terms. Apply at
2250 San Jose avenue.
A FINE home in Alameda — Cottage of 6 rooms,
hall bath, basement: flower garden, etc.;
large lot. See owner. 1050 Franklin et.. Oak-
land^ '
BERKELEY ADYERTS'NTS
BERKELEY -POMS.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bathroom; 2 connecting ground floor rooms,
$9; the three, $12. 1904 Grove »t., off Univer-
sity ave.. Berkeley Station. Cal.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TB
v ; . r_~IT7ALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE^ — $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. B. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty. third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND APVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAOTJ REAL ESTATE.
EASY TERMS— PRICE' MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
sanitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
tric fixtures; swell blrdscye maple mantel; fuel
gas main; every room sunny; Urge terraced
lot In lawn; ample room for driveway and
stable; between Grove street and Telegraph
ave., facing boulevarded street: the most com-
plete In the city; 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco; location exceptionally dry and
thermal. Remember, Telegraph ave. is soon to
be bitumlnized to Fortieth St., increasing con-
tiguous values: 545 37th st.; l$cy at owner's,
567 37 tn et.. or at .
HARRY L. HOLCOMB'S
Office, 514 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
The above home ready for IMMEDIATE
occupancy.
$250 CASH— $10 monthly; 16 lots 200x200; more
land can be had adjoining at same price; Al
sandy loam soil; nice growth of full bearing
assorted fruit trees; 2 springs on land; an
Ideal location; near electric car;; opposite
public school; homes surrounding; full price
for all. $550; by all means see this at once.
Call or send for circular. 455 7th St.. opp.
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
$2850 — THE prettiest Queen Anne Gothic house,
containing six rooms, all tinted and frescoed;
latest open and "Nickel plumbing;, gas fixtures
and electricity; large lot; near schools and
Key route station; it is a beauty and a bar-
gain and the terms are easy; to see it means
to buy it: owner must sell. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — Modern home; lot 48x150; 6 large
rooms; barn, chicken-yards, fruit, flowers,
beautiful lawn; 30 minutes to San Francisco;
Key Route; should be seen to appreciate. In-
quire Owner, 477 Thirty-fourth at., near Tel-
• egraph ave. East. 1
FOR sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent on Investment; on Telegraph ave., oppo-
site Idora Park. Address box 139S, Call of-
fice, Oakland. .
OAKLAND BOO-XS.
SIXTEENTH, 818, Oakland— Nicely furnished
rooms to let: gentlemen preferred.
OAKLAND FURNXTXTOE rOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furriS^
ture. H. Schelhaae.llth gt..cor.8tore.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
BOOMS : rofe
CALIFORNIA. 126*2-2 cr = 3~ large. sunny
rooms; home conveniences: select location.
FIRST, 317 — Large fur. front rms. for : light
hskpg; run. water, closet, bath, also sing. r.
FOLSOM, 742A— Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection; $14 month.
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny, front hkpg. suites;
also rooms with board; bath; running water.
GROVE, 635 — Two housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 910 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1074 — Housekeeping room*.
HOWARD^ 1136 — Front sunny room for house-
keeping. « .
JESSIE, C07 — To rent. 2 and 4 sunny rooms;
furnished for _ housekeeping. . .
ICENILWORTH. cor.' Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.'
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Bunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
td. ele^rlc lighted; -free baths: rates reaa.
LAGUNA, 1507. corner Geary — Elegantly fur-
nlshtd sunny rooms;, bath, v phone; new .'flat;
private;. reasonable. - - -.«'.- •¦¦ '
MISSION. 80S — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. '
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all location*.
Phone Clay M«.
NINETEENTH. 8475, j near ' Valencia— Two
nlcelyfurnlshed front rooms hskg; ga»; bath.
OAK. : 117 — Complete • for housekeeping. $5 , to
$12; ga* range; hot bath; . adults.
OCTAVIA. 1408,' cor. . Geary— Large . rummy
- suite; housekeeping; gas range; $15. . .
POST, 9<32 — Large eunny housekeeping rooms;
_as, bath, phone; very convenient; $10 to $25.
SAXgl-
EPECK &"c6", " "'"""""'' ~~~
209 Montgomery street.
Real Estate.
Selling Ilents Collected,
Leasing. Insurance.
$ 62,500— North of and closs to Market St.,
business and office property; under
lease: cays over 6!« per cent net; lot
25x122:6.
142,600— A tclendid comer; vicinity Larkln
and Geary sts.: lot 50x100. with Im-
provements; a decided bargain.
$40,000— $4200 yearly rent; lot 82x275. only
partly Improved; two frontages; can be
leased for $400 per month. '
$32,500— A line northeast corner on Filimore
St.. consisting of three stores and four
Cats; lot 45xt)0; a good buy.
$25.000— $2lC0 yearly rent: $15,000 6 per cent
bank N mortgage can remain'; lot 50x
137 :C; splendid investment.
$20,000—51710 yearly rent; Polk-st. business
property; large lot; a good buy.
$17,000 — Splendid Mission Income corner prop-
erty: store and flats; rent $1000 yearly;
lot 50a.f)7 :0; only half Improved.
$15,500 — CO feet frontage; 0 Eddy-st. flats;
two-story and basement; rents $127 60.
$15,000— Superb nev/ Western Addition flats,
lot 30x107 feet: rents $1590 a year.
$14, COO — Three elegant new flats; rents $1440
annually; vicinity Sutter and Filimore
streets.
$9,500 — »th-*t. bargain: near Folsom; two
stores and flat; lot 25xS0 feet; after
widening 4th .st. this property will
readily command $15,000.
$9,000— $S JO yearly rent; two splendid flats
wlih 10-toot basement that could at
small expense be made into fiats; lot
alone worth $6000; two frontages.
17,250— Two line Ellis-st. flats; inside of
Buchanan St.; rent $840 yearly; strictly
modern.
$7,250— Two Hayes-st. flats. B and 6 rooms
and bath; lot 25x187:6; reduced from
$SOCO to effect quick sale.
$6,600— $900 yearly rent; three flats In best
part of Richmond district: H block
from Golden Gate Park, all In first-class
condition; could not be duplicated for
$S000; a decided bargain.
10,000— Income $C9U a year; 6 flats 1 block
from Hibemia Bonk and H block from
new Postofflce.
$5,600— Paying 12 per cent under leas*: Im-
provements new and modern; store and
flats; eouth of and close to Market Bt.
and caat of 5th st.
$8,800— Two Mission (.warm belt) flats near
16th si.; monthly Income $40.
RESIDENCES.
$130,000— Palatial home, 25 rooms and 10
bathe: no finer residence In San Fran-
cisco; corner lot; 160x130; will accept
good real estate as part payment.
$60,000 — Sixteen rooms and baths; mahogany
woodwork throughout: every possible
convenience; lot 125x137:6 feet; unsur-
pas«eii panoramic view; Improvements
test $75,000.
$17.600 — Pacific Heights home; north side and
marine view; lot 4Sxl37:6.
$14 500— Clay-st residence near Gough: north
side; 12 rooms and baths; delightful
site; lot 29x128 feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35 000— Northwest corner, unsurpassed ma-
rine view; 137:6x128 feet; three f ront-
a?»s: choicest residence section of San
Francisco.
|7 3C0— Beautiful marine view lot. north side
Broaoway, near Octavla; 27x137:6; re-
dueeJ price for quick sale.
$6 750 — 50x137:6; splendid residence site. Pa-
cific Heights, north side of street.
$4.000— Market St.. 25x100; close to coming
business section.
$3,500—50x125; Masonlc-ave. lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK & CO..
209 MONTGOMERY ST.. .
x - Opposite Mills building.
W J. GUNN
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Savings Union Building.
Only $3550; price reduced from $4250; sunny
northeast corner. Clement st. and Twelfth ave..
120 feet on sunny side Clement .by 50 feet on
Tv.eifth ave.; good location for store on cor.
and S flats; big income proposition; a splendid
buy; very cheap; one of the best corners in
Richmond and a northeast corner.
Only $17^5 for both; splendid bargain; 2
choice lots, eaEt side 11th avenue, 225 it south
from Point Lobos avenue; lots graded, street
graded, macadamized and sewered; includes
policy of insurance of Cal. Title I. and Trust
Co.; the cheapest lots In Richmond and on the
«ast Bide of street.
S4000 — Clement et. and 10th ave., NE cor.,
32 :6xlOO.
S:>OOO — Clement st. end 6th ave., NE cor.,
S2:«ixl00.
$2160— Webster st. cor., 25x100.
S17UO— Union St.; sunny tide, 27:6x110:
cheap lot.
$3100— Green Ft., Pacific Heights. 34:4x137:6;
grand marine view; only $30 per foot; street
bitumlnized.
$1600 — Greenwich st.. sunny side. 27:6x137:6.
JF3000 — Pierce st. cottage. 6 sunny rooms and
basement on E tide of street. 25x112; basalt
i blccks laid.
I $2500 — Lake et. cottage, sunny side, faces
1 park. __
Beautiful building eites.#Paciflc Heights; all
I sizes, with irrand marine view.
W. J. GUNN. 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
; POINT RICHMOND.
I have for sale four lots, the most desirable
! in the city of Richmond. The present owner
! is unable to keep up payments and will sell at
1 original cost. If you want to buy In Point
! Richmond consult me before doing so. I am
one of the pioneers in the district and know
the location of every lot.
I J. W LAYMANCE.
632 MARKET ST., ROOM 10,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
j ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chcicert lots in the Excelsior Homestead
! Trait: level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
i MiF;:ion.-st. electric cars; secure one as an
I investment and by the time It is paid for it
will have doubled In valu« the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
j now before prices become prohibitive In thl*
rapidly growing section.
• ' ' W. J. WHITE.
j 26. Montgc— iery St.. r. '8. Phone Main 5704.
j BANK property at auction. Sect. 17. 7:30
i p. m.; cottapes and vacant lots in the Mis-
< bion; 1-5 cash, balance easy terms.
i D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 21»t and 22d.
2 NICE level lots, very cheap, near Park; mutt
be cold this week. See owner. J. BUR-
GOYNE. 2119 Point Lobos ave.. bet. lOth-llth
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Bulldlnz Association, 427 Crossley bid.
$1350— A SNAP— Alameda home; large lot: 7
rooms; wide av. ; little cash. Owner, 21 Spear.
HOUSE for sale; 4 rooms and bath, with fin-
ished basement. 718 Vermont Bt.. bet. 19-20.
ALL work guaranteed, first class by AHL-
• BACH & MAYER, plumbers, 838 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Ca!!. ltf pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
: TjB.^^
AT PRIVATE SALE
BEGINNING MONDAY. September 19, 1904,
At 10 o'clock a. m. ¦
AT OUR OFFICE. 23 POST STREET,
San FranclEco.
SAN MATEO CHOICEST BUSINESS • AND
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Averaging 50x120 each.
THE HAY WARD ADDITION TO
SAN MATEO.
\\djolr.inc the celebrated
HA YWARD MANSION.
In the heart of San Mateo
And within 2 blocks of the
BUSINESS CENTER.
Two blocks from the S. P. depot.
20 TRAINS DAILY.
Two blocks from Electric Road.
Cars to city every 15 minutes.
Majestic oaks on nearly all lota.
Streele graded, sewered* curbed and 1
macadamized.
Bituminous sidewalks laid.
Water pipes to every lot.
No lots sold until above date.
First come best served.
Catalogues aad price list ready now.
Many applications already In
But positively no lots will - be 'sold
Until the 13th lust.
Send or write for ' particulars.
BALDWIN _: HOWELL. 25 Post street.
Or F. S. GRUMMON, Branch Office,
San Mateo, California.
LOMITA PARK— On lino of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 6th and Market
rU.; outside the, fog' belt and Just beyond
where the 8. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoSr*
trill loin the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50-foot lots from $400 up;
. terms, . first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month: sewer and -water pipes In
• front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; ¦ an > exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this " desirable section - on
easy terms; t—ke the electric cars and get
eC at LOMITA PARK: maps sent on'appll*
cation. ¦***¦•«»'•-*¦ aH_attmunMH_Mi
SELBT. RODGERS & COS
Tel Main 073. US California at.
THE -VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Furnished or
unfurnished bay-window suites, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry; yard; quiet. 1417 Fremont ave.. Fruit-
vale. - -
TURK. 814— Desirable housekeeping or fur-
¦ nished rooms at reduced rates.
VAN NESS ave., 232— Furnished housekeepin*
suite and single; gas range; $16. $6; adults.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
VAN NUYS, cor. BuBh and Jones sts.
New management: fresh paint- and tinting;
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 rcom suites.
GLENDORE, 1845 Pine: attractive 6-room
suites; nrlvate laundry, bath, maid's room;
unique In design and appointment.
THE BENTON apartments, 835 Octavla St.—
• Furnished 2-3 room suites; opposite beautiful
park. • : .
ALTAMONT, SE. cr. Washington and Mason —
3-room apsfrtments, furn. and unfurn.; bath.
ST. LOUIS, 1073 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfur.: re's. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO iet— Porn, and TTnfnrn.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. corner Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rooms,
etc., from 25c to fl; rates by the week or
month. •
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth «t.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
_$1J5O to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 755— To rent; 2 large well furnished
rooms; use of gas and bath. *-
BUSH. IBS*— Bunny room tc- 1st.
CALIFORNIA, 623— Pleasant sunny room* to
let. 0 •
CLARA. 77 — Rooms or basement: board for
I gentlemen; lower. flcor.
EDDY. 3, cor. Powell, Market and Eddy —
Well furnished rooms; reasonable.
EDDY, 432— Fine , furnished rooms; all con-
veniences; single rooms; baths; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1323 — Nice single room to let.
FIFTH, 254 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable price. ~
FOLSOM, 608— Nicely furnished room to let.
FOLSOM. 1220 — Neatly furnished sunny room
to let.
FURNISHED* rooms to let; all location*. Phono
Clay 996.
GEARY, 664 — Front rooms and kitchen; also
others.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 439— One furnished
room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1524, near Bcott— Rear
sunny room to let.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to 91 25 night; >1 50 to $3 w£; reading-room.
HARRISON, 721— Nice furnished rooms; cen-
j tral location.
HARRISON, 079, nr. Sixth— Two nice fur-
nlshed rooms for two gentlemen.
HARRISON. 1216K— Small room to rent.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day, and $125 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 935%— Newly renovated furnished
rooms tn ]«t. •
JESSIE. 363 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
JONES. 917. nr. Bush — Single, sunny room;
running water; bath; phone.
LARKIN. 406U — Nice sunny back parlor, with
running water: suitable for two.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny room for one or two
gentlemen; $6.
LARKIN. 819^ — I— irge, sunny, front room;
suitable for lady or gentleman; $12 per
month._/ - - r ; :~v^
LASKIE, 11. bet. Sth and 9th. oft Mission—
Front room suite; 1 or 2 friends.
LIBERTY, 604, nr. Castro— Mod..* sunny par-
lors; kitchen; dining-room; bath; warm belt.'
MARKEt. 893 — Suite* and single rooms to let.
MARKET. 1035— Furnished rooms, day, week
or month, to let.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
hot, cold water, elevator; windows for parade.
MASON, 514, nr. Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
suite or single: reasonable.
MINNA, 1034— Sunny front room; private
family.
MISSION. 573 — Sunny room; $1 week.
OCTAVIA. 1157. EUls-st. car, Jefferson Park—
Well furnished rooms; gas, bath, phone.
PACIFIC. 1405— Furnished room.
PAGE. 1776 — Three front unfurnished rooms.
P.IERCE, 251 — Seven sunny rooms and bath-
rent cheap.
PINE, 173S— Newly furnished; light and sunny;
bath: phone; running water; -reasonable.
POST, 507, near Mason— Nice, sunny, bay-
window room, suitable for two.
POST, S89— Large furnished room, running
water. .
POST. 1CS7. cor. Polk— Beautifully furnished
sunny rooms, en suite or single; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1605— Two or three front
rooms: unfurnished; gas; bath. -
SACRAMENTO. 1642— A neatly furnished front
hall room In private family. '.»,"
SAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor— New and modern
suits and single rooms; all night elevator
service.
SEE first our free list of rooms before you rent
any; we direct ' you without any charge.
BATHIAN'S AGENCY. 335 Kearny st.
BUTTER. 820— Large. elegantly furnished,
sunny rooms.
BUTTER, 1918— Two nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen, with board.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.,
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $3 to $6 week.
THIRTEENTH, 238— Nice, sunny, front room;
running water: bath; overlooking garden; $7.
TURK, S16 — 3 single rooms nicely furnished
for gentlemen. .' m . .
TURK, 1150— Nice. furnished rooms; new
house; select neighborhood.
UNITED- STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-HlOO
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $t 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric llghto (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 SO night; (2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Calffor~the~receptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
- Open until 11 p. mi : l
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
- Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
VALLEJO, 1130, cor.. Leavenworth. 1 block to
Hyde-st. car — Newly, furnished, sunny front
rooms: running water; excellent home cook-
ing: . yard; laundry; phone; private family;
. young, couple, preferred; reasonable. .
CALIFORNIA, 819— Handsome . parlor suite,
with piano; private -house; to husband, and
wife; board If desired; owner ; only; , refs:
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, nr. Jefferson Park
1 — Furnished front rooms, bath; private house;
; good board. $24; two, $36 per month. ¦ .
KOOMS and board; very reasonable; • private
. house; . suitable for - two gentlemen: - refer-
, ence«; excellent table. 1263 ; Octavia st.
NICE. " sunny, furnished rooms, with or with-
out board; all accommodations. - 1033 Golden
: Gate ; ave. • ;¦• ;i-~~-.~.-~, '-::~ '.'''. .. -;.-V; ' ¦.
EDDY.'-' 1128, - opp. Jefferson . Park — Fine . furn.
. ~ sunny rooms;. table board; reas.; new, manag.
ELLIS, 453— Fine suite, suitable for. family or
, four gentlemen; ' French % table . board; :' reaa.'
HOWARD. 841 A— First-class board and room.
.' slngU or double. $B-$6 wk. ; American family.
LARGE. Eunny room and board," $5 —reek. 323
,T First st.\ ¦ /- •• ,.¦.•-•¦• ;.¦ '. .-:¦¦'.-;:¦- ¦;
M AEON, C16A, nr. Butter — Sunnjr ; room - and
board In private family. ; » >
O'FARRKLL. 8l(v— Sunny : large" furn. . room.
..¦with good, board: and run.; water; reasonable.,
A Z-C *LL and see our demonstrations, with one-
b«U of race treated; I cuarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, Irtckles,
gmallpox pittincs. etc;
Restore lost contour.
•If you desire a fresh, youns face, cal or
nriie. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Towell Bt.
liu Ho WELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuraiKia, pneumonia.
fo~- throat, tie. Sold by ail druseists tor
overSOyesi*: price 50c. Manufactured solely
l.y RUWELL & BROWN'. 32 Turk et-. S. F.
rTir £tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
i.roves Its srowlh. stops fall ing. c-urcs Oar.riruIT
tL'M Itchier scalp: no Ftain or stickiness;
itanfi* scalp; ut drugslEts". hairdressers ;ac-
cc?>t no substitute, fctar Remedy co-.isas PolK.
TVAN1ED — To know the address.- etc.. of John
Lu'ining EUM-oseJ to be at present in ban
FrancSob. Address GUST PFERSCHING.
Rural 2. P^taluma. Cal.
Cancerous lumps, pores, impure blood (affectlnj
fcktn mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by |
fkilled «i>ecialist from Europe. Apply Centra. |
rfcarmacy. S2S Grant ave. Worst cases cured. 1
RAG carpets wove ta order and fcr sale; clso j
chenille-wove rues. «IU portieres; dealer in
carpet ttvine tn htr.k or chain, at |° w " 1 ;
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth Bt^Oaldaad.
IU T GS made frcm old carpets; Ingrain. b™»* j
eels. t«p*Etr>- »nJ ir.oqueue: vher.Cie curtains ,
nm into new iu 6 s. FluS Hug Factory. |
f<52 Market *t.. Oaklsnd; take West Mh car.
COLDEN GATE DETECTIVE BUREAU. 759
Market *t.: phone lied 6S.1; consultation
free; conCdcr.tlal^^ ________
a guXra?cte_~to grott hair
On the -orst bs'.d heiu!. Call cr write.
ER. G. S. MOORE. S?2 OTarrell st.
AT less thsr. cost; uncalled for suits/ overcoats
an(i "trousers et CHARLES LYONS 1 . London
Tailor, 721 Msrkct rt.
TOU can buy JT5 worth _t • ur iM t 'i I 2,J c T r T ':U^
«!fixm _rd (1 :-0 prr week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITl'Ri; CO.. 040 Post St.. nrar Powell.
CHICAGO l*th and jr_?rsi:e parlors: newly
opened -Swedish rraduate xnasseose In chtrse.
••The Dun«s-V SOS f-an Pab'.o ave.. Oakland.
EYES ex*mlne77w."THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
opticUn. lftSt Market St.. nn. 307; est. 1S3L
eurf-rSucu* l:_ir removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. $G9 Setter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.SS.
Pl'PFRFLT'OT'S hair & moles removed by elec-
tric neeei?. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market et.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants cr fancy
tVStl frr 514 75. Fred Wacnes. S50 Market.
E^APIEf 5 and gentlemen, you win find best hair
tonic in the tver'.d at T?JO gutter st. .
ELEGANT ruit to order <: 1 ex. pair pants. $15.
LEON LEMGS. 11"7 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th & Sth.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
?2T'<>. GARIN, 1SS Mrmtec— lery st.
TAlLOR-i:».r~ suit ?T SO; <".ress pants $2 50.
M'sf.t ciolhlns Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MAf-CirnRADE coyuime*. play books, wigs;
count-;- order*. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7SS Mkt.
ALFKrDirM'S Ecrptlan HTiin r»Ftores Kray
hair tc U* catura; color; SI; «t ail druggists-, j
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
76 pagft. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FAX-OXSTBT.
MME. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. reveals farts
that will astonish you, portrays events. <Se-
tcrlbes enemies; advice given. 47? A Turk at.
PHYSICIANS AKO SURGEONS.
_)r7c. C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
1C21H Market ft., bet. eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. :
ELOOP skin and rectal dlsesses a specialty. '
DR. BALL. 107S1J Market st.
REMOVED — DP. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past Jour years at 115-117 Mason *t.. now lt>-
cated at 66" Geary rt.. near Leavenwcrth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
pnSCHASIITG AGS2TCEES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
trv orders a specialty: correspondence sollctt-
ed SS6& 17th st. San F >ncisco. Tel. Capp S56.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY' OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders e:i«1 Material
jj eli — Notice is hereby given that eeal^i bids
are solicited for performinz the labor and
furnishing the materials for the stairwork.
•ind e!?o (this bid to be separate from the
foiepoing) tor the rooting and sheet metal
•work for California Hall, on the gTounds of
th* University of California, at Berkeley.
¦ California, and said bids, on either enc or
en both undertakings, will be received at the
office of the Rrsents. South Hall. Berkeley,
at. or hc-fore 12 m. of September 24, 1&04.
No bids will b? considered unless accom-
panied by a I'frtinpd check or bond of bidder.
:n favor of the Rfgcnts of the University of
California, rqual to tm <10( iier cent ot his
bid with sufficient Furetits. conditioned that
if saJd bid be accented, the blduer will duly
*>nt«»r into a proj-^r contract and give bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations in
accordance with eai-l bid and with the pl_ns
and specifications which ar? hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds anl
Buil<*incs of tie Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
FROPOs-ALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Account*. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C., until 12 o'clock noon.
Fer.tembtr 27. 1SKM. ard imblicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to lurnlsh a quantity
of bracket fans and fittings at the Navy
Yard. New York. N. Y.. and to the in-
sj>ectors of equipment at th» followinR-
tiamed works, viz: Bath Iron Works. Bath,
Me. ; Fcr<» River Ship and Engine Company,
Qatacy, Mass.; William Cramp &. Son? Ship
er.d Engine Building Company, Philadelphia.
J'a.: Neafle & Levy. Philadelphia. Pa.; New
York Shipbuilding Company, Camden, N. J.;
Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock
Company. Newport News. Va.; Union Iron
¦Works. San Francisco, Cal., and Moran
Bms. Company. Seattle. Wash. Blank pro-
posal* w'ill be furnished upon application to
ihe navy pay offices, Boston. Mass., New
York. N. Y.. Philadelphia, Pa.. Norfolk.
Va.. San Francisco, Cal.. and Seattle. Wash.,
or to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
niart«T General, U. S. N. 8-24-04
UNIVERSIT1 OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to* Contractor*, Builders and Material
Men — Notice 1* hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
fun.ishir.E the materials for tl*» fireproof
floors and ruof and the framing for skylight
of California Hal!, en the grounds of ihe
University of California, nt Berkeley, Cali-
'crnia.; aad said bids will be received «t the
office of th« Regents. South Hall. Berkeley,
rt or before 6 p. m. of September 28. 1904.
No Hds will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check cr bond of bid-
der, !n favor ot the Regents of the University
tif California, equal to tea <10) per cent of
Ms bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned
?hat if -said hid be accented the bidder will
duly <nter into proper contract and give
bonJ to faJlhfuliy p«-rform the duty and ob-
ligations In £ci'Grtia:ic« wiili said bid and
Triih the plans and specifications which are
hereby required to b» a part of such contract.
By order of the Commits on Grounds and
Buildinss of (be Board of Regent*.
V. H. HENPERSON. Acting Secretary.
STOEAC33 ASTS WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t.. r.r. Third; phene Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Stcrage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
" Ners: office 1170 Market, r. C;; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van nnd Storage Co.. .T Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2311: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
rjERCE-RODOLPH Etorag* & Moving Co.,'oN
lice Tort and Powell sts.; t«l. Prl. Ex. C7L
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate »v«.; rhoce East 12a.
GOLDEN West Pto— i-e; advances made. 8*0
Mission »t.; trt. Howard Oil. F. W. Zehfus?.
PACIFIC gtor»f and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. 2320 Filimore tt.; phone Jackson SSI.
EEKINS Van and Stcrae* <>j.. 11 Montgoniery
Bt.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIHG _-AC-a_r_8 AST) SUPPLIED.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will
trade you a new one for it. Visit the new
mail offlce of the White Company, 815 Mar-
ket et.. and see the great collection of ma-
rtin* art work now on exhibition; 1009 new
Whites for rent: best machines oa eartb.
DOMESTIC- The machine for family use: best
2* chcar-^rt; second-hand all makes at any
r.rice: all kinds rented lowest iates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Elxta.
A SEVfz Home, the b«st second-hand machine:
*.ll kinds, ii. $5. IS: guaranteed; wbera the
go;is swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ASSrSSBEElTT -TOTTCES.
XCOTZCE TO STOCKHOLDERS, Helen Mlnlor
rompany (lncorporatea). Ban Frand»co,
California — At a meetln* of the director* and
stockholders of the above company held. Sep-
tember 2. 1004, an assessment of one (1)
cent per share was levied on ¦ the capital
etock payable immediately ¦ to the Secre-
tary. MV J. BROLAN. at the company's of-
fice, pier 7. Pacific et.. 6an Francisco. Bald
_see8sn:«it becomes dellnauent October 17,
X9M. and all orpald assessed stock' will be
rcld November 2, _XM, to pay the above as-
* ceeement and cost cf advertising. M. J. BRU-
LAN. Secretary. •
FREE FREE FREE
KTKH.rr.TyET* SAI/T.
Two Packages of
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT
Made in California and subject-'
cd to the most searching meth-
ods of scientific manufacture
before being placed On the mar.
A two-pound package for the
table.
A two- pound package for the
bath. x
Chemically pure and everr
package sterilized. .
. FREE TO WANT AD.
PATRONS OF XEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
See announcement on Classified
Page.
AJTP BOARD— Oontlanad.
ROOM and board In private family; single or
double: 2 blocks from Park: reference. 26
: B et., bet. 1st and 2d aves.. Richmond Dist.
ROOMS and board to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 160 Golden Gate ave^ ' / '
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
996. „.:-¦•;
Stevenson. Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
A BRANCH office of The r -U for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 1 1 p. m. •
BOOHS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By October 1, comfortable, warm
rooms and first-class board by gentleman and
vilfe and two lady relative adults. Box
1447, Call office.
: YOUNG man wishes board and room ,in prlvats
family; no other boarders: works nights;
quiet, homelike. Box 1629. Call office.
j^****^ — — ¦ ¦¦—¦¦»—¦—— s— ¦s^l—^i^^
B ROOMS JWANTED.
YOUNG man wants furnished room In German
family or widow's home; state price. Box
1643. Call office. ¦
BOOM-RENTING AGENCT.
Have you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 990.
__TVPE WRITERS^ AND SJtJPPLIEB^^^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
VIAVI.
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., 2301 Van Ness; phone East 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
A dividend of 2\i per cent haa this day been
declared upon the preferred stock of this
company, payable on October 1, 1904, to
stockholders of record at the close of busi-
ness September 21, 1904. The transfer booka
will be closed as to the preferred stock from
September 22 to October 1. both inclusive.
Checks will be mailed.
R. H. ISMON, Secretary.
September 13. 1004.
mwmrga aito sTAMTMaBRnro.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Nees and Market,
cures; estab. )n S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: 1
Anthony D. Mavsa, 21. Jackson, and Amelia
A. -Bruzzonl. 18, 629A Grove street.
John S. Brandrup. 55. South Ban Francisco,
and Elizabeth McDonell, 44, South San Fran-
cisco.
Emil Gincsr. 21. 110 Lyon street, and Ida
Hahn. 18. 431 Frederick street.
John Sheehan, 28. 1277 Folsom street, and
Ellen Regan. 27. 1277 Folsom street.
John A. Johnson, 21, San Jose, and Anna L.
Anderson, 21, San Jose.
Stephen H. Lederer, Pasadena, 27, and May
Anrays, 19, 9S7 Buchanan street.
George M. Orly, 27, 674 Twentieth street,
and Gizella Kozora, 10, Alameda.
Ingvald Holt, 38, Uklah, and Laura Olson.
37, Los Angeles.
Bulchl Okada. 21, Fresno, and Fusano KIso,
19, Hiroshima Ken, Japan.
William J. Harry, 24. city,; and Mattle E.
Gibbons, city.
Milton Fraley. 21. Oakland, and Eva David-
son. 18. 1019 Oak strtet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth?* marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted eimply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free, of charge. ' r
BORN.
FRANKS— In this city. August 11. 1904. to the
wife of D. Franks, a son.
McGOWAN — In this city. September 14, 1904,
to the wife of Henry H. McGowan. a son.
MEYER— In this city. August 20. 1904, to the
wife of Arthur Meyer, a daughter.
WILTSE— In this city, September 11, 1904, to
the wife of Herbert A. Wiltse, a daughter.
MARRIED.
WARMINGTON— BASTIAN— In this city.
September 12, 1904, by the Rev. John A. B.
Wilson, Leonard Warmlwrton of Bisbee,
Ariz., and Mae Bastian of Wkithrop, Cal.
~™" DIED.
Bayless, Georce B. MeLane, James D.
Blake Edward Millar,, James D.
Burgess, Michael Myers Mrs. Eliza
Caldwell. Mrs.' M. Mulcahy, Ellen D.
Colton, Willie It. Nelsen. Augusta
Doolin, Mary Nichols, L. H.
Douglas. Erastus O'Dwyer. Annie J.
Griffin, Jamei J. O'Neill. Richard M.
Holtz, George Poll, Masslmiliano
Iversen, Carrie Staples, Charles H.
Hotter. Mildred J. Shields", John H.
Maack. Cecilia Etephan, Julia A.
Mark. Cecilia Terry, John O.
Mason, DougUss Toboas, Dionlslo
McLane. Bernard F. Wyatt, Charles H.
BAYLESS— At the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, September 14, 1904, George B.
BaylcfS. a native of Ohio, aged 56 years.
BLAKE — In Sail Lake City. Utah. September
12. 1904 Edward, beloved . husband of Ella
J. Blake, and loving father Of Edward M.
Blake, and son of Catherine and the late
Francis Blake, and brother of Mary. Frank,
Katie and Lillie Blake of /Virginia City.
*. E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 7:45 a. m.. from the parlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1200 Mission 6treet. between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, nrar Howard, where
a requism high mass will be celebrated for
the j-epese of his soul, commencing at S a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURGESS— In this city. September 14. 1004,
Michael Burgess, beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Welsh and the late John Burgess, a native
of CountyLlmerlck, Ireland, aged 65 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the residence
of his sister. 37 Hardy street, thence to
Mission 'Dolores Churcn. -wnere a requiem
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car, from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flowers.
CALDWELL— In this city. September 13. 1904.
Mrs. Martha Caldwell. beloved mother cf
Mr3 George Leonard, Mrs. Frank W. Mar-
vin, Mrs. William P. Morrison and James A.
Caldwell. aged 71 years 4 months and 13
days.
ICTFuneral services Thursday, September
15. 1904. at 11 a. m., at the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. F.W. Marvin. 2100 Scott
street. Interment private. '
COLTON— In this city. September 12. 1904.
: Willie R. Colton. beloved son of Mary Cal-
lahan and the late James M. Colton. . and
brother of James E.. Alma K. and George
T. Colton. a native of San Francisco, aged
1U years 8 months and 4 days. (New York
, papers please copy.)
C7'The funeral will take place from his
late residence, 1840 Folsom street, . to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. thence - to
St. Charles Borromeo'e Church, corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for. the
. repose of his soul, - commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOOLIN— In thU city, September' 14, 1901,
.Mary Doolin, sister of Mrs. J. O'Connor and
the late Mr?. J. Daly, and . aunt of Eugena
O'Connor and Mrs. J.- Watson of San Rafael.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.^
DOUGLAS— In Oakland. Sentember 14. 1904.
Erastus Douglas.' beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Douglas,' and father cf W. E., John J.
F. and G. C. Douglas, a native of New York,
aged 71 years f> months and 4 days. '
GRIFFIN— In this city September 13. 1904,
James J., - beloved husband of the late Mary
Griffin., and loving father. of Mrs.'C. King.
Mrs. J. Wlnthers. Mrs. W. Holroyd. Mrs. F.
Valerro, Mrs. G. . Shlells and James J., John
A. and Frank L. Griffin and the late T. H.
'. . Grif nn. a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
axed 74 years. ,«3MiBHMMBI
__ ' E7Frlends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .. the : funeral ». to-day
(Thursday), at 0:15 r. m., from the rest-
. . dence - of . his son. ' James : J. ¦ Griffin. S21H
Vallejo street. ' thence ¦ to St.. Francis Church
where * a requiem . high mass . will be cele-
I brated ' for . the J repose . of his . soul, com-
mencing at 9:50 a. m. sharp.
HOLTZ— In this city. September < 13 1904
: " George.'- dearly - beloved : son of .- Charles and
¦ Belle ¦ Holtz. and - dearly .beloved : brother ' of
¦- Ella,' .Thomas 1 and -j Edward * Holts, : a . native
James McGinn, "¦ Henry Hansen.
james mcginn * co..
Formerly- With a McGinn Bros.
/—.—Funeral • Directors and Ernbalmers—^
- - v 21* Eddy st.'* Tel South 676. ¦
F. J. Monahan. ". Manager. T«L ', Mission 81.
MONAHAN, iOBAR^CO. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMER3,
2333-2341 Mission slT: near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
of California, aged 17 years 6 months and
17 days. (San Jose papers please copyJ_
ETFriends and acquaintances- are r es Pt"*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Friday), at 8:30 b. m.. from the family resi-
dence. 11% LanKton street, thence to »'•
Joseph's Church. Tenth aad Howard streets^
where a requiem high mass will be celebratea
for the repose of his soul, commencing at w
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. W
carriage.
rv'ERSEN— In this city. September 12. 19<H.
Carrie Iversen (nee Soher), beloved wife or
August E. Iversen of Sausallto. and mother
of Lewis, Louise. Emlle and Helen Iversen,
and daughter of the late Dr. Lewis ana
Cella O. Soher. -a native of California.
(Sausalito and Calavcra» papers please copy.)
C7"Intermcnt took place yesterday
(Wednesday). In Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Through an error the funeral notice was not
published }n Wednesday's papers. .
KOTTER— In Oakland. September 14. 1904,
Mildred Josephine, beloved daughter of •»• L.
and I-ottie Kotter. a native of San Fran-
- Cisco, aced 1 year 8 months and 17 days.
MAACK— In this • city. September 13. 1904,
Cecilia Maack, a native of Germany.
MARK— In this city. September 13. 1904.
Cecilia Mark, a native of Switzerland, agetl
54 years.
MASON— In East Oakland. September 14. 1904,
Douglass. Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. J. BV
Mason, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year U
I months and 11 days.
McLAXB — An anniversary requiem high mass
for the repose of the souls of the late James
D. and Bernard F. McLane will be celebrated
In St. Dominions Church to-morrow (Friday).
«9a. m. Friends are respectfully invited
to attend.
MILLAR— In thl» city. September 14. 1904. at
915 Leavenworth street. Jamea Duncan
Millar, a native of Klnkardtne. Scotland.
- aged 60 years 3 months and 25 days. (Oak-
land papers please copy.)
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
MULCAHY— Entered Into rest. In this city.
September 13. 1904. Ellen D. Mulcahy.
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. George B.
Stangenberger. Mrs. Harry Ellrodt and
Thomas E. and Lillian A. Mulcahy. a native
of Knox, County Cork. Ireland.
ETThe* funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday). &t 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1405 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
iroul,- commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
private.
MYERS— In tnto city. September 13, 1904. Mrs.
Eliza Myers, beloved mother of Mrs. S. H.
Collins and Mrs. H. Charnak Henry Myers.
Mrs. H. Steinman. Mrs. H. Blankenstein and
Mrs. H. Wilson, a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 87 years 3 months and 13 days.
ICFuneral services will be held to-aay
(Thursday), at 10 a. va., at her late resi-
dence. 2515 Washington street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
Ofncers and members of Congregation
Sherith Israel are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our late highly esteemed mem-
ber. Eliza Myers, this (Thursday) morning.
¦ at 10 o'clock, from 2515 Washington street.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
NELSEN— In this city. September 14. 1904,
Augusta, beloved wife of Carl Nelsen and de-
voted mother of Albert and Thorwald Nelsen,
a native of Denmark, aged 65 years and 22
days.
NICHOLS— In this city. September 14, 1904.
L. H. Nichols, brother of the late G. B.
Nichols and A. J. Nichols of Chicago and
John Nichols of Sharcn, Wis., a native of
Vermont, aged 61 years 1 month and 5 days.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
O'DWYER— In this city. September 14, 1904.
Annie J. O'Dwyer, beloved sister of Mrs.
Margaret O'Sulllvan. a native of St. Johns,
Newfoundland.
E7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at O a. m.. from the residence of
her Bister, 661 Shotwell street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for; the repose of her soul, commencing at
0:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.
O'NEILL— In Oakland. September 14, 1904.
Richard M. O'Neill, beloved son of the late
Captain John Falls O'Neill, and brother of
Mrs. Mary P. Bell. Mrs. Theresa C. Wheeler
and Mr*. William E. Ward, a native of
Mineral Point, Wis.. aged 62 years and 4
months.
POLI— In this city. September 12. 1904. Mas-
similiano Poll, a native of Venice. Italy,
cged 43 years. ¦4"'
(DT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 15. 1904. at 1 p. m.. from the
undertaking parlors of Iaccheri. Duclos &
Co., 629 Broadway, between Dupont and
Stockton streets. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery.
SHIELDS— In Chicago. September 7. 1304.
John H.. husband of Louisa Shields, and
father of Howard S. Shields, a native of
Philadelphia.
E7The funeral will take Dlace to-day
I Thursday), at 10 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. S75 Jackson street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
STAPLES— In this city. September 13, 1904.
Charles Henry John, beloved son of Charles
D. and Katie Staples, and grandchild of
Mrs. A. Sauter, the late John Charles
Sauter and Mrs. Mary L. Staples, a native
of Snn Francisco, aged 5 years and 21 days.
ICTFuneral takes place this day (Thurs-
day), at 2:15 p. m., from his parents' resi-
dence, 411 Montgomery avenue; Interment
private. Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
STEPHAN— In Oakland, September 11. 1904.
Julia A., Stephan. beloved wife of Charles
Stephan. and mother of Harvey Morse, and
sister of Mrs. T. D. Dungan and H. and W.
Hogoboom. a native of Arcata, Humboldt
.County. Cal.. aged 44 years 8 months and
II days.
TERRY— In Pleasanton. September 12. 1904.
John O. Terry, brother of Albert A. and the
late Charles D. Terry and Mrs. Fannie Ben-
nett and uncle of Mrs. J. P. Ritchie, a na-
tive" of San Francisco, aged 38 years 10
months and 23 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday) at 10:30 a. m.. from his late
residence. 172 Perry street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m. .
TOBOAS — In this city, September 14. 1904,
Diomsio. beloved husband of Margaret
Toboas, and father of Anita Toboas, and
brother of Mrs. Josephine Seberg and Mrs.
James D. Murray, a native of- Monterey.
Cal.. aged 42 years.
E7Tbe funeral will take place from St.
Mary's Church (Paullst). eorner California
and Dupont streets, at 10:30 a. m., Friday,
i September 16. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be said for the repose of h!a soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains
at parlors of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter
street.
WYATT— In this city. September 14, 1904.
Charles Henry Wyatt. son of Mrs. S. Wyatt.
and brother of Evelyn S. and Albert J.
Wyatt.
E7"Notlee of funeral hereafter.Eggs are steady " at previous ; prices. Re
ceipts are moderate and are readily absorbed, J
though they were somewhat larger yesterday, j
Receipts were 45,400 lbs Butter. 892 cases j
Eggs and 15,600 lbs Cheese.*
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 28@27c I
for extras and 25c for firsts; dairy, 20@2:{c;
store Butter, 15®18^: Eastern creamery, 19%*
@20c; Eastern ladle .packed, 14@15%c per lb.
CHEESE: — 9@9%c for choice mild new and
8@8%c -for . lower grades; Young Americas,
10%ifllc; Oregon, 809%c; Eastern. 10@15c
per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch, S4@35c for large white se
lected, 32%©33%c for choice and 30@32c for
common; cold storage. 27628c: atore, 25@27c;
Eastern, 2T.<&27c for firsts, 21@23c for seconds
and 20®21c for' bakers'.
Deciduous and Citrus bruits. •
The Apple market continued rather weak
and the top quotation waa obtained only for ,
amall selected parcels of the fanciest Bell- •
flower and Gravensteln varieties. Stocks of |
trashy s Apples - are . eteadily accumulating and
dealers are experiencing considerable difficulty
In disposing of such ,stock, even at reduced
- prices.- . Good • Oregon Peaches continued '.firm
and - occasional sales were reported . at $1 > per
small box, while California fruit waa inclined
to . easiness/ offeringa being mostly of poor
quality. Plums, Prunes and -choice Bartlett
Pears were in limited supply and firm.
Cooking varieties of Winter Pears were sudf :
denly plentiful and sold at a wide range as
to size of box.- quality, etc. Figs, Quinces
and ¦ Pomegranates were In free supply and
prices were barely steady. : The cool, . cloudy
weather I restricted - trade in Melons and there
was a heavy I surplus of all kinds still unsold
at the close. Table ' Grapes . were steady for
good stock _ despite ; the ' . cool - ' weather, a and
available supplies cleaned up remarkably well.
The demand^ for ,Wlne ' Grapes showed jomj
Improvement, * but receipts were stllK'far in
excess of th* demand.- Berries were generally
h.C- .¦"•.•.¦"::• V- CASH i. WHEAT.' : ' ¦•¦-¦:
California pub, $1 4001 48%; ¦ California
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daya... — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4'8S%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce •¦ •• — 56%
Mexican Dollars 45 9 45%
. INTERNATIONAL. .
New York on Mexico • . . .'. . • • •'• ... .'. ." 216
•Berlin on London^. ..20.41%
Paris on London ........" 25.23
Wheat and. Other. Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign marketa showed lltUe
change.' Chicago was l&c lower on the day
In spite of general frosts in 'the Dakotaa. Kan
sas and Nebraska.. The foreign markets con
tinue - Indifferent to the . American advance.
Jones estimates the Corn crop at SOO. 000, 000
; bushela less than the Government reports In
; dlcate. • -' ' J ' .'.¦'•¦'•- \
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton ' ft Oo.
said: ; "Market was irregular, but the closing;
was weak. Indifference of cables to yester
day's advance had a depressing effect. The
sharp advance of previous , two days had ' In
vited a general profltjtaking by professionals
and an 'accumulation t>f stuff by outside hold-'
era. Thla waa being liquidated to-day. The
'conditions are unchanged, threshing reports
from t)\« Northwest,Bbow no- improvement and
If possible, are. even. worae.;" There Is "a good
Flour - demand and '- a good cash demand for
milling Wheat. A, little lull in. bullish specu
lative ' sentiment . la * not > unlikely for; the mo
ment "and the market may have some further
reaction.'.',..', • :¦: .... /-¦- ._' ¦--•••,,¦•; , l .,
I This market", waa unchanged -for cash grain,
I but futures were '2%c- lower on -the . morning
aoeaion, with a -heavy 1 bualnesa at . the decline,
which waa sympathetic with 'Chicago. Prices
showed aorae recovery : in , the afternoon. *
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Lower prices In foreign
grain markets > caused liberal liquidation of
wheat ' here to-day, : reaultlng- la declines of
nearly 2 cents. Corn also was weak, the De
cember option closing with a loss of ,%@%c.
Oata are down %c. Provisions are ' up 2%o
to 7%c v. .
At ¦ the opening the wheat market experi
enced much weakness. Initial quotations in
December being off %o to lc at $1 14% to
$1 15%. • - ' • ¦ ¦'.;¦-:'. i- - ¦¦¦
May was down %©%c to %@lc at $1 17 to
$1 17 ft. The principal factor In causing the
break In values was the Indifference of Euro
pean grain markets ¦ on opening ¦ decline of
J£€%c In the "price of wheat futures. From
the start the market was subjected to heavy.
realizing", sales, ; A report - that a prominent
bull op^ftor was selling freely induced profit
taking By smaller Interests. The weakness of
the grain markets at ' Minneapolis tended to
bring out Increased offerings. Before the end
of the first hour • prices had dropped ' to - a
roint almost 2 cents below last night's close.
December declining to • $1 ¦ 14. May sold off
to $1 16%. On a sudden spurt in corn prices
there was renewed purchasing of, wheat. -The
result waa a sharp bulge, December, wheat
advancing to $1 - 16% . and May toy $1 18%.
Small primary receipts- and Tan' active ' cash
demand aided In the upturn. , During' the ' last
half hour the market .weakened rapidly under
heavy f realizing -aalea. • ,' close <¦ was at • the
lowest ¦. point ; of - the * day, ¦ with '¦ December' at
$114. Final quotations on May were at $Mtf,
a* net loss .-of . 1%©2c. , Clearances of , wheat
and floor, were • equal ¦ to 65,200 . bushela. r The
world'a visible supply, % according = to \ Brad
atreefs..showed an increase. of 2.S6O.O0O bueh-
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
Exchange and bullion.
The Batter market was cleaned up of fancy
creamery yesterday, as the steamer Argo from
Humboldt was - delayed and did not therefore
replenish the market as expected. The feeling
In Butter, continues firm and the advance al
ready noted is maintained without difficulty.
The depression in Cheese continues and
stocks are aa large as ever. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, Bept 14.— Special and . tela
sraphlc communications received by Brad
street's show the following changea In avail
able supplies aa compared with, last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east 1 of
the Rockfw, Increased &P0.000 .bushels.' Afloat
for and In Europe, Increase 2.300,000 bushels.
Total aupply increase, 2,809,000 • bushels. ' <
Cora — United States and Canada, east of tbe
Rockies, Increase 1,682,000.* .>>>-.'
Oats — United States arid Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 3,540,000 bushels. ¦
Available Grain Supply.
1 Foreign Futures.
LIVBRPobli.
Wheat — Sept. Deo.
Opening 7 6% 7 8%
Closing ....7 5% 7 7*4
PABIS, '
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 22 95 24 46
Closing 22 05 24 40
Flour^ —
Opening ...»..«~....~.... SO 70 32 00
Closing .................... SO 65 8185
Northern Wheat Market. '
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 14.— Wheat— For export:
Walla Walla, 79c; bluestem, 84c; valley. 83c,
For shipment East: Walls, Walla, 83c; blue
stem, SSc.
* WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 14.— Wheat— Club, 80o; brae
atera, 84a.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Wash., _, 8ept. 14.— Clearings,
$1,045,342; balances, $252,974.
TACOMA. Sept. 14.— Clearinga, $320,760: bal
ances. $798,817. .. .
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. U.— Clearings, $798.
817: balances. $133,397.
SPOKANE. Wash., Sept. 14^-Clearlngs,
$442,624; balancea, $31,826. "'.\.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
A portion of the third car of Western Poul
try that came In on Tuesday was marketed
and cleaned up promptly at good prices. Do
mestic stock was in good request and receipts,
which -were light, were readily disposed of at
steady rates. Gam* was 'firm at .unchanged
pricea.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14©15o per
Ib for -Gobblers and 15016c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 209220 per Ib; Geese, per pair, $160
91 75; Goallnga, $1 75@2; Ducks, $4®4 60 per
dozen for old and $4 60@3 60 for - young;
Hens, S4@4 50 for small and $5'&a for
large; young Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters,
$4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $250@3 50;
Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 509
1 75 for Squabs. /
GAME — Wild Doves, 73c per dozen: Hare,
$1 60 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 75®2
per dozen. . ' ¦
Poultry and Game.
Inn closed- at 60a 3d In Glasgow and at
43a 3d In Mlfldlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. J; --,/? ,% ¦ ' . . v ;T 3 - v
•NEW YORK, Sept. 14, — Ttie London cables
reported a slight, decline In tin, spot .dosing
at £126 2s 6d. and futures at £126 15a. Lo
cally the market was a shade easier, with
spot at $27 42% ©27 62%.
Copper was lower in London, closing at £57
X>9 fcr spot and £57 7s for futures. Locally
copper was unchanged, with lake at $12 62% %
12 75; electrolytic, $12 60012 75, and casting
at $12 37%®12 50. .
Lead waa unchanged at ' £11 16s 8d in Lon
don" and at $4 20&4 80 In the local market.
Spelter ruled firm at $5 lO^O 20 In the local'
market, and waa alao unchanged - la London,
eloslnr at £22 10a.
New York Metal Market.
Flour, qr sks... 10.9781 Shorts, eks 120
Bran, sks 3,820| Flaxseed. sks.... 1,015
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Flour qr aks... 10.806) Wool, bales ..... 159
Wheat, ctls ..... 6.049i Feed, aks 220
Barley, ctls .... 9.238 Commeal (Bast),
Oats ctls .. 3,159! ctls 500
Rye, ctls * '2,160' Tallow, ctls ..... M
Beans, sks 185] Leather, rolls ... 74
Potatoes, sks ... 4,613 Hides, No ... 645
Onions aks 965 Pelta, No 70«
Bran aks ...... 1.320 Lime bbls 642
Middlings/ sks .. 785! Wine, gals 99,75n
Hay. -tons 35R! Quicksilver, flsks. 16
Straw, tons 5' Sugar, ctls 3,000
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 1,6151 Wool, bales ..... 90
WASHINGTON.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5 15@5 25: San Quen
tln. $4 75; Wool Bags, 30<g32c: Fleece Twin*,
7%c: Fruit Baes, 6%@7%c for whits and 7o
for brown jute.
COAL. — Wellington. $3 Der ton: New Wel
lington, $S: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $U 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 60: Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
buik and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania^An
'thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 fi0@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 60 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrela; for cases
add 5c: Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10Q1 12: Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut rases,
65&80C per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In carrels,
SSc for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 57c: natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra, winter,'
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 68c;
pure Neatafoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatafoot Oil,
63c- llKht Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c- Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish OU, 37c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
OI COAL" OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In caeea, 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star, I9%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26c; Eo
cene 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk.
J.6c;'ln cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk, 13c: In
cases, lOVic; SS-deeree Gasoline, In bulk, 25cr
In cases, 81c. *
TURPENTINE — 81e per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%®
7%o per lb; White Lead, 7%@7?ic, according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), : Confectioners'
A 6c; Magnolia A; 5.C0c: Extra C, 5.50c;
Golden C. 5.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrela, 10c mere;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-1 b
bags 10c more far all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.50c: boxes, 6.73c; H. A E. Crystal
Dominoe 9c per lb. Mo orders taken for leas
than seventy-five barrels on, Its equivalent. .
General Merchandise.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50ce$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans. l%@2c per lb;
Wax Beans, 1%@2%C per lb; Lima Beans, 2@
2%c per 1U; Tomatoes, 20@50c per box; Summer
Squash, 2O@35c per box; Cabbage, 75c per ctl;
Carrots, 75c t>er sack; Cucumbers, 25@40c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers. 50c@$l per box; Gar
lic 4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. 30@40o
per box; Green Pepper*. 25@4Oc per box; Mar-,
rowfat Squash. $16#20 per ton. .
Local trade In Potatoes waa quiet, but sev
eral large northern orders were being filled,
and this, together with a continuance of light
recelpta, kept the market well cleaned up and
steady. Sweets declined again under Increased
receipts, and Onions ruled weak.
Pickle Cucumbers, which had previously
been a glut on the market, were eagerly
sought after by retailers, and supplies were
insufficient to satisfy the demand. Pricea
were advanced sharply and may go higher, as
the crop is said to be about gathered. Other
vegetables continued to arrive freely and prices
had but slight variation. . -' .
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50®
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 75Q1&c;
Sweet Potatoes. $1@1. 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1@1 20 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good. Bound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, lesa 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7%@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%@C%c: thin Cows, 4®5o per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3@3£o
oer ib (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5002 75 per head.
HOG? — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4»4c:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lba, 4%o; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stacs. 40 per cent off from abOT* quota
tions. •
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: .
BEEF— 5%Q7c for Steers and 4ff5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@Sc; small, S@Oc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethera. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6®7o
per lb.
LAMB— 8%@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6@Se per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There are no further changes to report In
this market.
Meat Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and unchanged. Common, 4@5c;
prime. 6*4@3»ic; choice, 6©6%o;- fancy,
7@7%c
PRUNES — Quiet and easy, but- no further
concessions are. reported for future shipment
and the Idea seems to be growing \ that the
limit of tbe decline haa been reached. Spot
quotations range from 2c to 6%c, according
to grade. • ; • . . .
APRICOTS— Continue scarce and firm, with
choice at 8%®a0c; extra choice, 10%@>10%c;
fancy. 11315c.
PEACHES — Are in light aupply, with pricea
firmly held. Choice, 7%®7%c; extra choice,
8@8%c; fancy, 9%®10c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 teat, 4 6-16c; molassea sugar,
3!»c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CH EESE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged. • •
DRIED FRUITS, ¦
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed firm, 15^20 points higher. ¦ Salea, 70,750
bags. September, 6.60^«.C0c; October, "«.65@
6.75c; December. 6.75@e.90c; January. 6.85@
6.95c; March. 7.15®7.20c; July, 7.45®7.56c.
Spot IUo,» steady; No. 7 invoice.- 8%c;,- mild,
weak. „
WHEAT — The market for. spot was easy;
No. 2 ied, ?1 20% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. $120% f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened strong and continued so until mid
day, when there was a short'rally, which waa
followed ty a second sharp break under liquida
tion, the Close being weak at 1%@2%c net
decline. May closed $t 11 14; September,
$1 19%; December, $1 17*4. '
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
NEW YOJtK. Se-Dt. 14.— FLOUR-^Roceipta,
12.200 barrels; exports, 10,100 barrela. Market
fairly active. ... . —
New York Grain and Produce.
Quotations for Pink Beans are very vague
at the moment, as nobody seems to know
definitely what they are worth, .and all sorts
of prices are quoted. When the crop appears
in volume quotations will be established.
Unas continue firmly held. : A" sale of new
large white at $2 35 Is reported.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35©2 50; - Pea, $3@3 25;
Butters. $2 70@3; small White, $2 90<g3 10;
large White, $2 30®2 55; Pink. $2 75@3 25;
Red, $4; Lima, $3 90®4; Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blackeyes, $2 40@2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2 25. •
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25: Flax. $1 90©2 25; Canary. 6%
@7c; Alfalfa. 15®15%c: Rape. 1%@2%c: Timo
thy. 6%c; Hemp. 3%©3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2®2 25; new Green
Peas, $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
OMAHA, Sept. 14. — CATTLE — Receipts,
5200; market steady to strong; native steers,
$4@6; cows and heifers, $2 5O@3 75: Western
steers, $3®4 60; Texas steers, $2 75®3 60;
range cows and heifers, $2^3 30; canners,
$1 50^2 15; stockers and feeders, $2 60@3 SO;
calves, $3@5 50; bulls and stags. $1 75'g3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 5500; market 5c higher;
heavy. $5 40®5 50; mixed, $5 60@5 60; light.
$5 60475 75; pigs, $4 75@5 35; bulk of tales,
$5 50S5 65.
SHEEP — Recelpta, 9500: market active and
steady: Western yearlings, $3 65@4; Westerns,
3 40ft 3 75: ewes, $3@3 60; common and
stockera, $2 6003 76; Iambs, $4 50@5 CO.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 13.000; market slow to higher: native
steers, '$3 75@6; native cows and heifers, $1 50
©4 CO; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4; bulls,
$1 75®3 50; calves. $2 50(85 50; Western
steers, $3g4 50; Western cows, • $1 50®3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000; market 5@10c higher;
bulk of sales, $5 60@5 70; heavy, $5 60®5 65:
packers. $5 t*J®5 72%; pigs, light, $5 60®5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; market steady;
mut tons, $3 75@4; • lambs, $4 25@5 60; range
wethers, $3 40® 4; ewes, $2 75@3 50; Utah
feeding yearlings, $3 60. . s
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10,000, Including 2500 Westerns; market strong
er; good to prime staers, $5 (MXgU 20; poor to
medium, $3 5ft@5 25; stockers and feeders,
52 25©3 75; cows. $1 50@4 50; heifers, $2@
4 75; cannors, $1 50®2 25; bulls, $2@4 40;
calves, $:>iiii 75; Texas fed steers, $4@5; West
ern steers, $3@4 23. ......
HOGS— Receipts. 16,000; to-morrow, 14,000;
market 5@10c higher; mixed and butchers',
$5 45@6 lo; good to choice heavy, $5 55£jn3;
rough heavy, $5 2505 5t>: light, $5 45<§6 15;
bulk of sales'. $5 5O<S5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts;- 28,000; sheep steady;
lambs weak; good to choice wethers, $3 75@
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@3 70; native
lambs, $4 60© 0 25; Western sheep, $3@4;
Western lambs, $4@5 50.
Chicago.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %Slc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%e for light:
Stags, d%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, shearllnga, 23@
40c each; short Wool, 40@65c each; medium,
75@9Oc; long Wool, $1®1 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
$1 25ft 1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, Sl'al 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, If&llc; Southern, 8#9c; Southern Moun
tain, italic; Middle Counties, free, 12314c;
do, defective, 10@12c; Northern free, 12®14c;
do, defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 14)5 15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. -25S2SC per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14@19%c; dairies, 12%@16c. Eggs,
firm at mark, cases included, 14>4<&15c. Cheese,
steady to firm, fcii'Jc.
CATTLE, SnEEP AXD.HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
good, with continued firmness in the sugar
stocks. Onomea selling up to $2H, but falling
back to $27 5o in the afternoon.
At the annual meeting of the California
Stock and Oil Exchange the following trfflrera
were elected: President, Howard H. Shlnn;
vice president. Joseph B. Toplitz; secretary,
Sim Mack; treasurer. William Hlnkel; chair
man. Joseph L. King: membership committee—
H. A. Marvin, I. Keiner, C M. KUbourn.
Josua Eppinger, Frank It. Lewis, L. V. Starr
and Joseph L. King.
Late oil dividends are: The Oil City Petro
leum Company, a regular monthly of 1 cent
per share, amounting to $5Ouu. payable Octo
ber 1; the Twenty-eight Oil Company, a reg
ular monthly of 15 cents per share and an
extra dividend of 5 cents, amounting in all
to $12,000. both payable October 1; the Hom«
Oil Company, a regular monthly of 2V» cents
per share, amounting to $2500. payable Sep-~
tember 20
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota, will pay a regular monthly dividend
of 25 cents Der share September 25.
The Alaska Packers' Association has ad
dressed a circular to its stockholders stating
that commencing with October the date of
the monthly dividend will be changed from
the 12th to the 2Sth of each month.
An assessment of ?2 per share waa delin
quent yesterday on the capital stocX of th*
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works of Saa
Francisco.
The Callfornia-atreet Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 75
cents yesterday.
Aa announced some time ago, the October
quarterly dividend of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be omitted.
The regular aemi-annual Interest on the 5
per cent bonds of the Oakland Gaa. Light and
Heat Company will be paid September 18.
The Commercial Cable Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 2 per
cent, payable October 1.
The American Can Company haa declared *
dividend of IVt per cent on the preferred
¦tock. payable October 1.
The American Beet Sugar Company haa d»«
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1H per
cer.t on the preferred stock, payable Octo
ber 1.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 14—2 p. ta.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Aafc.
4s qr coup.. 107 107%! 4s qr cp new.l31»il32^
4a qr reg,..10S 106%!3s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 6s. — — I Oak T Co Cs.118 —
Asso Oil 5a. 70 70% Do 6s 110% —
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — f Do con 6s. — lfOt,
Cal C G 5s. — 10314 Oceanic S 5s. «5 75
Cal G & Eg Ora Cable es.124 —
m & ct 6s. 80 — Pac G Ira 4a. 05 —
Cal-st C 5s.U2% — P E Ry 3s. .105?il06H
C C Wat 69. — — PiCH 6s.lO4 —
EdL A P 6a. — 125 P&OR 6».114 —
F & C H 6a. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 EG&RSa. 99*4101
H C&S 5H»- — — SF & SJV5S.11S —
Do 5s 101 102 Sierra R 6s. 109% —
Hon R T 6s.lO6 — S P of A 6s •
L A Elec 5a. — — U909) 107*iltt»%
L A Ry 5s.. 116*; — (1910> 108^103%,
LAL Co 6s— — 3 P of C fe
Do gtd 6s. — — <1905)Sr A. 103*4 —
Do gtd 5s.l0r:i4105 (1905)Sr B. 104*4 —
LAP lem 53.102^103^ (1906> 10*5% —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll4ti — (1912) — HHS
Do lem 5s.ll.1^i — SPC 1 eg- 5f«-115»i —
MVA MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd.100% —
NRR of C6s.lO«H — S P B R 6s.l33 —
Do 5s 119 — S V Wat Cs.lOt 104'i
N P C R 5s. — 105% Do 4a 2dm. 10O —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 9S*i —
N C P C 5s. — 93 Do g mtg4s 9^14 —
N S R R 5s. — lftl>4! Ptkn QMiOBm. 93 —
O G L&H 5«. — 107% l U G & E Ss.lOS^i —
O W gtd 5s. — lfM> I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37 [ Port Costa. .. — —
Marin Co.... — 60 | S V Wat Co. 3SS •"»%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 3 T i! S F G & K. «% 62%
Mutual EL. — 12Vi ! Stkn G & E. — avfc
Pac L Co. . . 67 — ! U G & E Co. ; — . —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.300 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |L P & A. ...150 ¦¦ —
Anglo-Cal .. 85 — Mer Trust... . 222^ —
Bank of Cal.420 423 I Merch Ex.... 50 56T4
Cal Safe Dp. — — I S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I ai*
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L.2250 2350 I Sav & L So. . — 10O
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk-.SSO. 40O
Mutual Sav. 99 — j Union T Co. . — — » ,
S F Sav U.607H — !
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196>4 — I Presidio — 41
Geary — 25 I
POWDER.
Giant % 63% 64H'Vigorit — '?»«,
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 63 65 I Makaweil G. 2SH 29'i
Honokaa, S C 16% lemOnomea S C. 27% 23
Hutch S P C 10% lOTalPaauhaa 9 C. 16*, 16%
Kilauea S C. 3% — I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 129 130^1 Oceanic S Co. — S%
Cal F C A. 93% 99%i Pac Aux FA - 4^ ""
Cal Wine A. 83 — [Pac C Borx.158 —
MV& MtTm. 9« — I Pac 9 Tel Co.101%104
BALKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Wine Association. . » 83 00
400 Honokaa, S Co .16 3714
100 Hutchisson S P Co 10 87H
135 Oceanic S S Co. ft 60
60 Onomea Sugar Co 23 0O
60 Onornea Sugar Co 27 73
1C0 Onomea Sugar Co 27 S2M
375 Paauhau S P Co 16 37%
720 S F Gas & Electric 62 25
75 Spring Valley "Water Co 88 60
Street —
20 Cal Fruit Cannera' Asan 89 00
$5,000 S P Branca Ry « per cent... .153 60
$15,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 119 00
Afternoon . Paaaion.
Board— £
200 Honokaa 8 Co ............... M 28
150 Hutchinson 8 P Co — .... 10 87*6
100 Onomea Sugar CO ........... 27 60
20 Paauhaa S P Co 18 3T%
60 S F Gas & Electrlo 62 30
30 Sprlnjr ' Valley Water Co...... S3 50
$2,000 Cal Gas E G M & C T 6» SI 00
$13,000 Aisociated Oil Co 6 per cent... 70 ©O
$23,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6a 119 00
Six 1 set
80 Paauhau S 7 Co IS 3TH
ISO Spring Valley Water Co. 88 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Bid. Aalct Bid. Axk.
Bay CPC 6a. 98% — 8 J» C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P Co 4%s.lOOU —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112%|Sun Tel 6s... — 115
M C Wat 5a.lOO — Do 4a 104 —
Rla I Wks 5a — 103 Suttr-«t "R5s.lO4 —
SF & NP 68.112 — UR of 8? 4a. S4% S5
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala. S Co... 27 2S%tLon& SF Bk. — 69
Amer Bia Co — 90 | Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 8O — Nev Nat Bk.135 —
Cal G&ECor. 45 43 N S R R Co. 9% —
C Jockey C1.110 — N Ca! P Co. — ' »\'
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.120 ' — .
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cat T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co>.. — 13%
Chutes Co .. — «% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City * C Bk — ' 120 Pac Sur Co.lOS —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% Paraf Paint.. 33 —
East Dynm..3OO — 8 F Drydoek CO —
DpntPwd pfd 73 80 SFASJ Coal.. 17% 20
Do com .. — 60 S J Wat Co. 103% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A MTjrbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 40c 65c Swtsw-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — j Truck . Elect.. 11%— '
Gaa Con A.. — 20%' UR InC pfd. 53% —
Hono P Co.. 25 25 I Do com ... U —
Morning Session.
Board —
$2,000 United R R of S T 4 per cent. 84 &716
Afternoon Session.
Street —
25 Nevada National Bank 2tV> P0
$10,000 S F Gaa A Electric 4%s 99 Brt
j $12,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 87%
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— ' , Bid. "Ask.
Associated Tmst Cert ' 10 ....
Caribou 4 25 4 75
Claremont 73 ....
Home • 1 .T3
Independence 28 23
Kern Rtver 12 00 12 6O
Monarch of Arizona 40
Monte Cristo 60
Occidental of W. Va <*'•
Oil City Petroleum..! '•<> 53
Sovereign 31 .TJ
Sterling '• 2 «>
Twenty-eight • » 12% 10 00
SALES*
Morning Session.
800 OU City . Petroleum - ' 82
. Afternoon Session. .
100 Sovereign O
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half -barrels
pure, 9?ic: 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins, lOftc;
3-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
* Previous prices rule and business shows no
improvement. The Chicago wires of E. F.
Hutton Sc Co. say: "It is the same dull mar
ket. There is good distributive demand for
Lard and Meats, but speculative operations
are on a .small scale and action of the mar
ket not encouraging."
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium,: 14c for light,
HV-c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, 10%c; Bellies. 11
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14o; Cali
fornia Hams. 13>*c; Mess Beef, $10-310 50 per
bbl; extra Mesa, $11@11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
rrirae Mess Pork, $14 50; extra clear. $24;
Mess, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
Provisions.
Cons money 88 7-16! N Y Central... ..12SJ4
Do acct S8H!Nor & 'Western::. 70%'
Anaconda . . ." 4S4I Do pfd S2
Atchison K3J4|Ont & Western... 34^
Do pfd lfV^i p ennS yi van j a .... e6»4
Bait & Ohio 91 1^ I Rand Mines 10
Can Pacific 12» Reading 33*i
Ches & Ohio . 43% Do 1st pfd 43%.
Chi Great West.. 16% Do 2d pfd .. 3S%
Chi. Mil & St P. 162 So Railway 35
De Beers 18%! D<v pfd 98
Den & Rio G 28 f So Pacific 58%
Do pfd 8114! Union Pacific 10H4
Erie 31%| Do pfd 91*4
Do let pfd 6»%!U S Steel.... lfiVi
Do 2d pfd 47 j Do pfd 67%
111 Central 142«lWabash 22
Louis & Nash 125 | Do pfd 42U
M. K & Texas... 235 1 Spanish * S7%
Bar silver — Steady. 26 1-lCd per ounce.
Money — lhi'al % per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2%@2 7-16 per cent and for
three months' bills 2!«©3 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury. '¦•
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury Bhows: Available cash
balances, $146,902,354; gold. $50,677,884. . ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14--^<:otton futures
opened strong. September, '10.42% October,
10.30c; November, 10.40e: December, 10.41c;
January, 10.47c; March. 10.53c; May. 10.53c.
Futures closed steady; 'September, : 10.59c;.
October, 10.44c; November; 10.47c; December.
10.50c; January. 10.52c;. February, 10.50c;
March. 10.61c; April. 10.C2e; May, 10.65c
Spot closed steady, ten points advance..
Middling Uplands, lie; Middling Gulf, 11.25c.
Sales. 17 bales.
London Closing Stocks^
CHIGAGO, Sept. 14.— Cash quotations were
aa follows: Flour was firm; No. 2 spring
wheat. $11S@12O; No. 3,' $1 10@l 18; No. 2
red, $1 ie@'l 18%; No. 2 corn, 54c; No. 2 yel
low, 55%@35%c; No. 2 oats,. 31%@31T»c; No. 2
white. 33^S32c; No. 3 white, 32&@34c: No. 2
rye. 74(5,70c; good feeding barley, 37@39c; fair
to choice malting, 44g$7c; No.' 1 flaxseed,
$1 19; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 27; mess pork,
per barrel. $10 S0@10 90; lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 10(5/7 12%; short ribs sides (loose), $7 37%®
$7 50; short clear aide* (boxed), $8 25®8 50;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 26; clover, con
tract grade, $11 50^11 65.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,200 .28.700
Wheat, bushels 316,100 29.600
Corn, bushels 1.082 400
Oats, bushels 281.600 362,500
Rye. buehela../ 73,100 17,500
Barley; bushels 4,000 164.500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23© 23 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meat at the mill, $31 5O@>32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23: Corn
MeLl, $30 50®31 60; Cracked Corn. $31@32.
Mixed Feed, $22@22 50; Horse Beans, $30(^40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $S@12 B0, with $13@13 50 for
extra fine: Wheat and Oat. $8@11; Oat, $7 50^
10 50; Barley and Oat, $7®0; Volunteer Wild
Oat, $6 50®8 50; stable, $7®8 50; stock, $6@7;
Clover, $7 60®9 50; Alfalfa, $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@57%c per bale.
There is no further change In Feedstuff s.
Bran continues to arrive freely from the North
and is easy in consequence,
Somers & Co.'s circular says of Hay:
"The comparatively small quantity of 6500
tons of hay has arrived during the past . two
weeks, in comparison with 11,700 tons for the
preciding two weeka. - This would seem to
indicate that the country ¦ was being cleaned
out of hay, but this Is not bo. It is reported
that several hundred Cars - of hay are on
various j sidetracks throughout' the country
awaking shipment here.' same having been put
to one side to accommodate the great rush of
passenger traffic occasioned by the recent con
vention here. During 'the convention week,
which was practically a succession of holidays,
there was but little over 1000 tons of hay
brought to market. For some unaccountable
reason but on© car waa sidetracked In the yards
here, al thought It Is well known that there
are many Just out of town awaiting track
room. There Is, therefore, nothing promis
ing in the situation here and in all probabil
ity when' the present blockade Is relieved there
will be a badly demoralized market.
"The Llvermore district reporta that prac
tically the enltre crop ia housed, but around
Stockton and in many parts of Contra Costa,
Sonoma and Solano counties there- are yet
large quantities of hay that must find their
way to this market.
'"Trade showa no improvement here, for the
general dullness In local demand is still very
manifest.' Some little hay is moving coast
wise, but aside from this we are not doing our
regular summer's business. .
'An occasional car of choice wheat hay sells
above quotations, but other grades continue
as before." ¦ t
BRAN— $20®21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24©2S.per ton.
SHORTS— $20©21 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
EASTERN
Tfce New York tvlres of E. F. Hut'.on & Co.
Xe»ter«!ay eaiJ:
STOCKS — il^rkct tva« very strong and active
all day. vritii tba buying on a big scale. The
avctlve |!st advanced and traiitrs bid up
prices. There »aa siight reaction curing the
tlay, but th« tendency was up and before the
elope •verytising *as bid up and closed at the
highest ;x>ir:t of the day. The way the
zn?rket went :;;> from the opening was a plain
fnou^h l:idicaUon c* the continued sjrgrea-sive
ness of the b«I! leaders. Trwiing element la
»tirau!ated in lta bullish opt-ratione by the
i-':T:r.u^3 e-ggressiveres* of the largest anJ
most influential market interests, end they
wllj continue to follow this lcaJcrth'p aa long
a* it continues eo aggressive as at prrsrnt,
as cenrral belief is that there will be
arrrue Cm* to gtt out of Ftoclts safely enough
b*:ore they succeed in dletrioutir.g a sufficient
cciocrt of ftocka or the bull movement cul
minates. Tfce killing frost news of yester
day <I»d oot isAXrrisuLze to-day, with the re
niit tJtat owefold confiltion *as found in
grs^getB *Erec;a.::y. There was continued
Imij buying in S:^*!s and Pennsylvania. The
f :•_-«: t .-.:-. -^ citu«ktion is a *:ror.g one and
richer prices :n tc^ny ttock* rr.ay yet be re
corcei*.
COTTON — The eharp upturn ia th* cotton
Bexket to-iay was principally the result of
nervousness over the crop and outlook for
much colder &sd wet weather :r. the cotton
.belt ar.d a continuation of bad crop reports
corr.ir.g from Texas, Alabama and South Caro
lina aa «!l n- the Mississippi Valley. This
le<l to the development of a much better de
mand for - *pots from spinner* her* and in
Europe, and in view of the exhausted stocka
lure and at Liverpool and Manchester aa
well as at' Bremen end Havre this demand Is
likely to cor:tir.ue until spinners have pro
jected tberawlves and replenished their stocks
to a cxter.t to rirotect against a pos
fible disaster overtaking the crop. Cotton, we
apree, is high compared with a few years aga.
Uut the consum;.tion has so greatly Increased
within the past quarter of a century that there
»I>!*aj-!> to bt no limit to its possibilities. In
the meantime it may come to pass that the
worlds area suitable for totton may have to
bt teriouely reckoned. Cotton ha* proven to
I. :he cheapest material ytt known to be
rr.adi\ TlVe think, therefore, that we will have
to accustom ourselves to present prices, and
vi t Mill believe in higher prices and continue
•to. advise purchases on any decline.
COFFEE — Vl*a.F stronger to-day and a little
more active, with prices advancing about ten
points, on higher cables, unfavorable crop ac
counts tnd some buyixip by the trading ele
ment and a larger anr.ount by some of the
larger ccmon'.sFion hou*<*s. The ftrength of
the Havre ra*jktt «as due principally, to the
ballfadl influence of yesterday's bad crop ac
e u:.ts from S&ntos, causing nervousness
i>.::. -i-t EOise -shortc Ukt* and influencing a
mach better spot demand.
Stocks, Cotton and Coffee.
Nczu. York Money Market.
NEW YORK. £*;*. 14.— Money on call easy,
l£il% s«er cent, clotrnr tid 1, offered at 1.
Time loans, slightly firm>r; eixty days, 2%©
S uer cent; ninety days. 3£z3% per cent; eix
month*. S%©y?i Her cent.
l^rinie mercantile paj^r, 3^»@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange. hea\T. with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.beS5£z4.feG30 for
dfirand and at $4.S45084.S4G0 for sixty days.
Posted rates. S4 v ; ; -' ¦» SS.
< v .rr.m«rc;al bills $4 84%.
Bar fcilver. f*%.
Mexican dollars. 4J%c
Go\"wriB«!ct bonds, steady; railrocLd bonds,
•tror.g.
AVsb York Stock Market.
NETT-TORK. Bcpt. 14— Tfcer» Traa but mo
mentarv .hf-sitaticn against Bom* of the
urocgtr stocks at the opening to-day. This
was partly shakes off and the whole market
jn^vea Etrocgly upward. The reading of the
tape during the day showed the ri*« to be
Fteadier and Jcse opposed than any time during
th* movement. Offerings to take profit*, which
mst on the way up, seemed to b« lighter
than before, aM the beara made no apparent
attempt to contest the advance. In fact, they
¦were w".':.rjr it by their eflorta to cover short
contracts and were too much intimidated by
the persistent strength of the market to' at
tempt renewed opposition. Thus freed from
obstacles the cpvard course of pricea w&a
practically continuous, except for occasional In
t^rvala when the buying movemeot «eeaed to
apend its forre. Bevcnl tim^s th« activity
a'.mply died out and the price movement came
to a. standstill or Buffered trivial reactions ln
•teafl of the fevprlih fluctuations or the occa
sional halts in the prevloua advance, due to
the rurh to take profita by nervous speculators.
To-<Jay*« raorement al«o lacked the constant
Irregularity which had been caused by the
heavy pro£t-takir.g In ether stocks, bo charac
teristic ef the r.nrtet for many days. To
4ay*a taovesuect -<raa fairly corcprehenalve, al
though, cants. Th* <!roj> in the grain marketa
tu a rcilcf to sestlrcest and the news of the
corn belt ehowed that t> • frost area did not
extra! iieariy ae far aa «u feared yesterday.
General buying crders fcr the grangers from
T.'ertera sources cad* it evident that yester
c&ys sellisg froni ttat quarter had beea
c^1erfin•. N*wa of a positive knowledge to ao
couct tor the Cufm strength was not forth
coming beyood exj^resslocs of areocral eonfl
tertrt ts tie ootiock. Tb« large number ef
represcrtatlT* backers from all sections now
!a t%* city to attend Use Americas Backers'
corj%esrtlon was believed to be respontlbie for
a. irowOi In thla eenUment. by reason of per
•onaJ cxpreselona and eoatact. The Oar's
: r:r.c!r-«^ ahew of stress^th vu most closely
eesociated with ths iron and steel trade. United
Etates Fttei pr«ferred tock the leadership of •
the nwverzest. Tbere w»s crgeat covering by
be!aled abcrta In the craagera in the late mar
ket. Tirae znoney was active and strong.
Bonds were stroca;. Total sales. JJ, 160, 000.
United States benda were unchanged on call.
NIW YORK 6TOCK LIST.
E. 7. Button & Co., 490 California street.
Fan FYmnclseo, Bwmben of the Ktw York
Ftoek CxchaAcre, fursUa the following official
Quotafloea of tfcst Bxchang*:
f^Iea. I Stocks— [High i Low. Bid. I Art.
[Ag«Tnf Express 224 230
IS.OOOAJsaJ Oopiwr ... 58% S7% 58% «5%
lAmer Can Co 4% 4%
j Do pfd 45% 40
l.SOOAm Car 4 F Co. 23% 23% 23% 23%
S.2.'»0 Do pfd 82 81% Sl% £2
7001AJ3KT Cotton OU. S2% 32 82% 22%
j Do pfd 90 JH
JAm Dlst Tel ;. 23 23
••JAm Dx 208 212
<Am Gran Tw Cc 6 fiU
JAm H!<5e * L 4 . 4%
Do pfd 19% 20%
lOOAra Ic* «vi 6% 6% 7
aC0| Do pffl 26% 28% 20% 27
100 Am lilnseed .... 12% 12% 12% IS
1 Do pfd Sl«4 81% 81% 81%
-".SOOiAm Locotaotlre. 28% 27% 27% 27%
&00j Do pfd < 97% 67 0«% 97%
I Am Mt!t 4 4%
<.000 Do pfd 20% 19% 20 20%
Am 6 * Tlfg do. CT% «0% 66% 67'
1.O00J Do pfd I09%|lt«%jlO7i4ll(BjU
3,&00:Amer Sugar .... 131UiiS0%!l31% 131%
•¦ Do pfd JI82 137
Arr. Tc! & Tel Co I >140 140»4
Dc pfd J 140 142
200!Aro Woolen ... 14% 14% 14 14»i
I Do pfd ...f. ...;. 81 82
700!Anaconda &5 R4% m 85
100' Ann Arbor .... 28 28 27% 30
Do pfd C7% 60
M!,:w A T 4 Santa Fe 83% 60% 82% 83
2.500 Do pfd 09% 97% 98% 99
I ].%.800'BaJt & Ohio 89%| 8S% W* 88%
100< Do pfd .. 83%| 03% S3 94'
{Bay State Gaa.l j S-16 >4
11.300 B R T 1 M 54% M% 55%
S00 Brooklyn Un Oaa:223 222% 222 223
!Erunswlck D &Ii j 6 6%
JButrerlck Co I; I...;. 4S% 4»% i
'Canada Eoutbrrnl. ..:.(.:... 67 fiS !
'.' 4^<'iCRnadfcn racif.c;i2r.s;li25 1125% 125«%
».2<V»'C & 0 42*i! 42%! 42% 42%
\0»>C & A........ ..:..! 40% 41%
I d» pta :.-..);.'.'.. si &•»
? IC & E I Pfd 125 140
|C !«L pfd [.,..'.{ 60 j 89
JW0C&GW 16% 16% 16% 16%.
Do pM A 52 65
Do pfd B 24 36
Do debs S2% 86
800 O & S W 1SS% 187% 188 190
23 4 We M & St P 159 157. 158% 15S%
160; Do pfd 1&4% 184 1S3 1S3%
njSOOtC R I & P (new) 23 . 28 2S% 29
8,700] Do pfd 72% 71% 7244, 72%
.-. Do 4» 76% 76%
100 Chi Terminal 6 6 6 6%
200 1 Do pfd 15% 15 15 15Vi
1,700 Chicago Un Trac 7% 6% 7% 7%
10u{ Do pfd 37 37 87 39
200C C C & Et L.. 80% 80 SO 81
I Do pfd 109 110
Ck-ve Lor tt W CO
Do pfd TO
22.200Colo Fuel &. I. 40% 3S% 38% 39
1001 Do pfd 65 65 65
1.400:Colum H C & I. 13% 13 13% 13%
2,700 Colorado So 17% 16% 17% 17"*
800| Jl)o 1st pfd 50% 60 50% 50%
3,300| Do 2(1 pM 25 33% 24^ 25
4.300jCon*ol Gas 207%]205 206% 207
2,30w Con Tob pfd..:. 123',-i 122% 123% 124
jCorn Prod 13% 14
300,Corn Prod pfd... 70% 70% 70% 71
4,000, Del A Hudson .. It58% 167% 168 168%
100 D L & W .. 2797i,'-J7U% 278 279
200, Den * S W pfd.. 2%| 2% 2% 2%
l,100 ! D & R G 27H 27 27% 2S
4001 Do pfd .. 79% 78 79% 79%
Des M & Ft D 2< 24%
Detroit Un Ry.. 66 (>6%
Detroit So 2 2%
Do pfd 4 4%
Diamond Match . .' 130 135
2,200;Distlll Secur 28% 27% 29% 2S%
jDis Secur bond* 71% 71J4
Duluth P S & A .'. •1\ 8
j Do pfd 12% 13
106,300 Erie 32% 30% 32% 32%
S.OCO Do 1st pfd 6S% 67% 6S% 68%
2,900 Do 2d pfd 47 43H 46% 46%
E & T H .. BS 60
Do pfd 80' S3
Ft W & D C 45 4S
jGen Chem 48 55
! Do pfd ' "... 94 86%
1,600 Gen. Electric .. 174 172 172% 173%
(Great No pfd... 170 1S5
i Greens Cons Cop 15% 15%
Havana Tob Co 2S 29%
t Do pfd 30 41
200jHock Valley 81% Sl%[ 81 I 82
100' Do pfd 87% SS%
1,200 Illlnoi* • Ofitral .139 13S% 139 139%
Int«r Paper ..... 14 14%
Do pfd ;.... ..... 74 74%
Inter Power ;.. 41 41%
Inter Pump 38 30%
100 Inter Pump pfd.. 75% 75% 75% 76
20o'Iowa Central "... 24 22»4 23% 23%
700' Do pfd 43% 42% 43% 44%
100,Kanawha &Mlch 35 35 34 38
400'KC Ft S & M pfd 79 7S% 79 79%
3<to Kens City So j 25% 25% 25 25%
1,300) Do pfd 147% 47 47 47»*
500 Keokuk & Des Ml 17»4 17% 16% 17%
'Laclede Gas pfd! SO UX>
100 Lake E & West..! 32 32 31% 32%
I Do pfd 1 1 85 flOO
lOOLong Island I-B7' I 50% 5«%! M
4,500;Loui« & Nash... 122%I121%|122%|123
SOOManhattan ...".. 157%;15<i», !15C%!157
Manhattn Beach | | 10 j-13
£5.1C0 Metroplltn Hecs.. 8,'JHi I 81%| 82
2S.S0O Metropiitn St Ry|123% 121 '4!l21»4H22 -'
lO^OO^exican Central, li 14%j 14%| 14%
;Minn & St L,..| 55 56%
Do 1st pfd.... ,...94% 9S
COO'M. St P & S S Ml 73 72%! 72% 73
lOO; Do pfd 1130 120 129' 130
l.riOO'Mo. Kan & Tex. 23% 22% 23% 23%
3,2t<0j Do pfd 48% 48 4S»4 48%
25.&00 Missouri Pacific 98% 99
jNash, C & St L 119 122
7.500 National Lead... 24% 24 24% 24%
Do pfd 95 96
Ntl R R Mex 41 41%
.3.700 Do pfd 41% 39% 41 41%
100 National Biecult. 47% 47% 47% 48
Do pfd 109' 109%
SOONew Jersey Cen. ISO 179% 179% ISO
|N Y Air Brake 135 140
C.500'New York Cen.. 126% 125 123% 126
N Y. C & St L 30 32
Do 1st pfd 105 110
100 Do 2d pfd 66 66 66 70
IN Y. N H & H: 193 195
12.100'N Y. Ont & W. 3+% 33% 34 34%
6,*O0Norfolk & West. ' e9% 68% 69 69%
Do pfd 90 91
lOO'Xorth American. 92=i 92% 90 83
1.300'Nrtbrn Securities 104% 103% 103% 104%
Omaha 140 150
Do pfd.." .' 185 195
'O S L 4s 76% 76%
Pacific Coast «4 65
Do 1st pfd 95 105
100 Do 2d pfd 74% 74% 74% 75
2.100 Pacific Mail 34% 33 84 34%
170,900 Penn R R Co. . . 131 129 13OS4 131
2,200: People's Gas 103% 103% 103% 103%
IPere Marquette 75 80
1.800 P, C, C & St t>. 71 69% 71 71%
I D 0 P fd 104 105
1.400 i PrPs»ed Etl Car. 34% 34 34% 34%
I Do pfd :. 80 81
Pullman Pal Car 216 218
3,600:Ry Steel Springs 23% 22% 23% 24
I Do pfd 79 79%
25,900' Reading 67 «5% 6fis$ <?«%
8.400} Do 1st pfd 86% 85% S5% 86'
*0 Do 2d pfd 76 75% 75% 76
1,800 Republic S & I.. 8% 8% S% 8%
1.100^ Do pfd 43% 43% 43% 43%
5,300 Rubber Goods... 20% 19% 19% '20
Do pfd.... 74% 75
Eloss S S St I ] 39% 40
Do pfd :..) 88 89%
JOOSt J & G 1 17 I 16% 16% 17
100! Do 1st pfd 47 47 48% 50
1,600! Do 2d pfd j 2S*4 25 20 2(5%
1,500 SL A &K 2d pfd 60 59% 59% CO ¦
1.20OJS L Ic S W 21% 21 21% 21%
1, 100] Do pfd 45 44 44' 44%
44 ,000; Southern Pac .. 57% S6% 67% 67%
40,900; Southern Ry 84% 33% 84% 34%
1,100 Do pfd 96 95% 95% 1*6
Standard OH 630 640'
Stand Rop« & T / % 1%
B^OOTenn Coal A I.. 49 47% 48% 49
IT P L & T CO 32 33
8,€00iTexas Pacific ... 32% 30% 32% 32%
(Third Avenue 125 126
•-.IToI Ry & T C3o 20 20%
LSOOiTol, St L & W. 29 28% 26% 29
Do pfd...... 43»J 48%
iTwin City R T.. 97 03
100 Do pfd 15S 153 156 IDS
Tjnlon B A P 6% 7%
200 Do pfd «3% 62% 64 65
M.lCO'Unien Pacific... 89% 98 89% 6»%
Do pfd.. 8»% »7% 09 89%
" Do conr 4s 104% 104%
United Copp«r 8 10
Unl Rd* of S F 13 14%
100 Do pfd 56% W% 56% 67
Do 4s S4 84%
U S C I Pipe 10 10%
100! Do pfd 57 57 57 ZS
lOOltJ S Expre« 119 IIS 119 '120
1.700IU S Leather 6% 6% 8% 8%
SOO! Do pfd £6% 86% 8C% 86%
!U S R & C pfd 52% 54
700!U S RubbeT 20% 20% 20% 20%
300! Do pfd 75 74% 74% 75
32,500]U S Steal Oor... 16% 1R»£ 16% 16%
123.700! Do pfd 67% C6 66% 67
6,700'Va-Cor Chem Co 86*4 34% 36% 36%
800* Do pfd 103% 10S% 10KU, 108%
LlOOfWabash 21% 21 21% 21%
e,100! Do pfd 43 41% 42% 42%
1 DodfbBa 65% 65%
" IWella Fargo Bx /230 245
" POOl West em Union.. 92% 91% 82 82%
ZOO'Westlnghoose ..163 163 162 163
..„. ' J» Pfd .«t0'. 190
200 \vT& L K....... 17% n\^*\7 17%
......I Do 1st pffl 44 46
.. .1 Do2dpM 125% 26%
900 Wisconsin Cent. 20 • 19% 19% 19%
, l,SOOf Do pf<J - 44% 44% 441? 44»l
1 1 05 000 total chare* «rfd.
' ' NE3V YORK BONDS. ;^: k .,
U S ref 2s reg..lO4«t'L & N unifled.4s.lOOJ4
Do coupon..... 104%l Man con gold 4s. 107
Do 3, reg 1C5 , Mex Central 4s... 66
Do coupon 105 Do. 1st Inc 16V4
Do new 4s reg.121% Minn ft St L, 4s.. 95ij
Do coupon 131«{ M.. K & Texa* 4i.l00?i
Do old ** reg. 103 ¦ Do 2ds ......... 79%
Do coupon 107 ' NR of Mex con 4a 77
Atch r«> 0 108% N Y C ren 3%s..J00%
Do adj 4t 96 INJCpa 5t....l3r!%
Atlantic C L 4a. 0«?%|Nor Pacific 4a.... 104%
Bait * Ohio 4s..l(n%l Do 8s T4%
Do S%a »5%lNor & W con 4s.lO2
Or.tralof Qa Sb.III'S'OSL 4a & partlc. 80%
Do let Ine «4%i Pa conv 3%a 100%
Che» & Ohio 4%«.lf« 1 Reading, pen 4a. ..100%
Chi & Alton 3'Js. 79UiS L & I M con Ra.llR
C. BJtQ new 4s. 90%t S L A S F f£ 4a. S5
CM & RI» jrn 4a.llO" | 8t Loula SWlrtrf. . 9711
C & NW con 7a.lX0*: I Seaboard A t. 4a. 82%
C. R I & Pac 4a. 7«%ISo Pacific 4a.'.:.. 8STf
Do col 6a...... (S -|So Railway Be. ...117%
FLOUR — California Family Extra*, $4 S0#
6 10, usual* terras: Bakers' -Extras, $4 70*35;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 Su-'tf-l 25
j>er bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Ric« Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy,
$3 6003 85; Buckwheat- Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
FlouA $3 CO; Rolled Oata, bbls, $6 6097 50; In
sacks; $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peaa,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
A report comes -from New York that four
cars of new sof tshell Walnuts are being offered
In that market at lie coast. Otherwise there
Is nothing new.
FRUITS — New - crop— Apricots, 7%69%c for
Royals and 9@12c for .Moorparks; Nectarines,
5%@7c; Peaches, 6%@8%c per lb; Pears. 6%@
12c; Plums, pitted, 6@6%c for black, 7%®8%c
for red and 7©8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 52%c; 3-crown, 55o: 4-crown. e5c; 6
crown. 75c; bulk white, -3%@3%c: black, 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%@1%c per lb for th« four sizes.
, RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown,
3c; 2-crown, 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown,
2%c; 2-crown, 2%c; seedless Sultanas, 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2%c; Seeded R&lsins, 16-oz.
cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice, 4c: 12-oz. cartons,
fancy. 3%c; choice, 3%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 sofuhell. 13%@14c:
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13%c;
No. 2, 11611%c; Almonds, 16@17e for new
Nonpareils. 14@14%e for I X L, 13@14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and llo for Languedoc; Pea
nuts, 6@7e for Eastern; Pecans, 11® 13c; Co
coanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%® 13c for whit» and 104>
lie for -amber; water white extracted, 5%@
6%c; light amber extracted, 5Q6c; dark. 3©
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27g29o p«r lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.I02 Tex " & Pac' lsts.ll!>%
Chi Term 4b 73 Tol, St L & W 4s. 79%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73*i Union Pacific 43.105
Colo & So 4s 8.1%) Do con v 4s* 104%
C F.& I con 5s. 78'AlU S Steel 2d 5s.. 81%
Den & Rio G 4s.l0l% Wabash lsts 118
Erie prior lien 4s. iKHil D.q deb B ...... 65%
Do gen 4s 88« | W & L Erie 4s... 90
F W & D C lsts.107 Wl» v Central 4s... 90%
Hock Val 4 Vi»-.. 10$ 1 '. .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief .. 05
Alice 451 Ontario - 3 50
Breece 16|Ophir .• 2 10
Bruns Con l*!Phoenlx 12
Com Tunnel 10! Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va... 1 O*»| Savage 16
Horn Silver 1 551 Sierra Nevada 30
Iron Silver 1 2.">| Small Hopes ,. :25
LeadviUe Con . .. 02; Standard -. 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— US Steel. , 16
Call loans 2>.;<3'3% Do pfd 06%
Time loans 4 <£5 Westing Common. 81,
Bonds — . Mining —
Atchison 4s ..'...101% Adventure . 1%
Do adj 4s 05 AUouez 12%
Mex Central 4s... 64% Amal Copper 5S%
Railroads — | Amer Zinc 11%
Atchison 82% I Atlantic 13%
Do pfd fl9%lBinjtham 27%
Boston & Albany.250 Calumet & Hecla.520
Boston & Maine. lf!2% Centennial 21%
Boston Elev :153 Copper Range 58%
Fitchburg pfd 137 Daly West 14%
Mex Central ..... 14% r Dom Coal 59%
N Y. N H & H.. 193% I Franklin 8V,
Pere Marquette. . . 74 Graney 2%
Union Paclfle 99% Isle Royale 68
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 14 1 Michigan 3%
Do pfd 80% Mohawk . 46%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5 | Mont Ccal & Coke 5%
Amer Sugar 131 %! Old Dominion ... 15
Do pfd 133 lOsceola ..- 79%
Amer Tel & Tel. 139% | Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 14ii!Quincy '. ... 51
Do pfd fc"2% Shannon 4
Dom Iron & S... 11 Tamarack 116
Ed Elect Ilium. .258 Trinity .7
Gen Electric 172 U S Mining 20%
.Mass Electric 12% V S Oil ' .. 11%
- Do pfd 5!> Utah ...r......t..- 40%
Mats Gas 42% Victoria 3T$
Un Shoe Mach... 62 Wlnona ..'. 9%
Do pfd 30% Wolverine 92
United Fruit 106
Wall-street stocks turn upward again. Cotton higher.
More activity in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver and Exchange show slight variations.
Wheat futures loner again. Barley steady.
Oats, Coin ad Rye unchanged. .
Hay and Feedstuff s still quoted more or less weak.
Beans unsettled and not overact ive.
Potatoes -ix-ell cleaned up and steady. Onions weak.
Poultry and Game markets in good condition.
Fruit market shows few new features.
Butter firm at flu; advance. Cheese depressed. Eggs steady.
Nothing nczv in the Prozision situation.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
2 d. m. session,
December— $1 09%. .
OATS — Holders continue to report a firm
market, though Black - was quiet- and more
freely offered. All prices remain unchanged. *
White. $1 37%®1 47%; Surprise, $1 50@l 60;
Red. $1 22%@1 42% for feed and $1 37%@
1 47% tor seed; Black. $1 SC@1 35 for feed and
$1 60@l 65 for > seed.
CORN — There is nothing new in this market.
Trade continues quiet.
Western sacked, $1 41% ©1 45 for Yellow,
$1 47%@1 50 for White and $1 37%@1 40 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 50; small
round do, $1 55@1 62%; White, nominal; Egyp
tian, $1 35@1 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for
Brown.
I RYE— Firmly held at $13501 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
> FUTURES.
Session from 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. _ .High. Low^_ Close.
December.... $1 09% $109% $109% $1 C9%
Feed. $1 07%@l 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%@1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%@1 30
per ctl. .
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 51 $151% $1 49% $1 50
May ........ 1 49% 1 49% 1 49% 1 49%
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. "Low. Close.
December ...$1 50% $1 50%. $1 50% $1 50%
BARLEY — The market continued quiet yes
terday and quotations were not materially
changed.
Whits Australian. $1 65@1 61%; Northern
Club, $1 40@l 48%: Northern Bluesterx..
$1 52%@1 60 per ctl?
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
weaker, as most of the receipts were delayed
at the railroad yards and were marketed too
late for the regular trade. Citrus fruits ruled
firm and Oranges were quoted higher.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 60«3 per chest for
large varieties and $4«7 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $133 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $5®S per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@Sc per lb.
APPLES— $1 10@l 50 per box for fancy. 8jc
©$1 for choice and 35<&65c for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 35 per box: Win
ter Nellls, 85c@$l; other winter varieties. 25^
50c.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 45@90c; open
boxes. 60c©$l. .
PLUMS AND PRUNES — 40®75c per box or
crate.
POMEGRANATES — 40@75c for small and $1
<tl 25 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25£ 50c per box.
FIGS— 35@50c for small and 75c^$l for
large boxes.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 50cg$l per crate:
Nutmeg Melons. 2O@4Oc per box; Watermelons.
$1@2 50 per dozen, with some extra large
Higher.
GRAPES— Small boxes and crates; Seedless,
60c: Tokay. 50@75cj Muscat, 50@65c; Isabella.
t!0@75c; Black, 30#65c. Large open boxes —
Black. 75c@$l; Tokay. $I®1 50; Muscat. 75c@
$1 25; Wine Grape« $14@18 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS^- Oranges. $1 60©3 60 per
box for Valencias; Lemons. $2 50-tr3 50 for
fancy, $1 7.Vg2 25 for choice and $1 25©1 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit. $233; Mexican
Limes, $5 50@6 per case; Bananas, «1 25@2
per bunch for Central American and 75c@
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@4 per
dozen. ~. ¦>"
May .^1 17% 1 18% 1 16 1 16
Corn No. 2 — I
September 53% 64% 63% B3%
December 53% 54% G2% 63%
May 52% 53% -51% 02%
Oats No. 2 —
September..... 31% 32 31% 31%
December 33% 33% 32% 33%
May 35% 38% 85% 35%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 10 72% ID 82% 10 76 10 80
January 12 65 12 80 12 60 12 72%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 7 07% 7 12% 7 07% 7 10
January 7 15 7 25 7 16 7 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — .
October 7 37% 7 40 7 88 7 25
January 6 65 6 70$ 6 62% 6 67%
els. Primary receipts • were 993,100 bushels,
compared with 1.1TU, 000 bushels -a year ago.
Minneapolis, Duluth and Chicago reached re
ceipts of .401) cars, atainst 4-1 .last week and
7C'J a year ago.
•Weakness prevailed in the corn market ear
ly in the session, owing to the failure to ma
terialize during the snight of ,' the , predicted
frusta, rains over the greater portion of the
com belt having protected the' crop from dam
age in that direction.- The initial 'decline in
wheat also had a depressing . influence in the
corn pit.- Later in the day the market sud-
denly turned strong, the bull factor being a'
Minneapolis crop expert's estimate on the total
yield. According to' this authority the Gov
ernment figures should be discounted by 300,
0»X>,000 bushel*. The market again -weakened
late In I the session under liberal liquidation,
the selling being a result of private advicea
claiming little damage by frost to the crop.
Another bear factor was the heavy primary
receipts. Tbe close "was- near the- low -point.
December opened %©'?sc lower at 62%c to
63i4c, sold between 52%c and 54',;e, and
closed at 63@53%c. Local receipts were 650 s
cars, with 36 of contract grade.
Oats were largely governed by the course of
both of the other grains. Trading was. light
as a result ' of small otterings, December
opened %c lower at 33%c, sold between 32%c
and 83%o and closed at 33'sc. Local receipts
were 121. cars.
Small receipts of hogs and higher prices at
the yards imparted a firm undertone to the.
provision market. Trading was light and con
fined ,' mostly to pit traders. A feature of
trading . was the . selling out of the j October
products. At the dose January pork j wai up
7%e at $12 72%. Lard and ribs were each up
2%©5c at 7 17%@? 20 and ?6 67% respect
ively.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow: Wheat. 5S
cars; corn, 436 cars; oata, 100 cars,' and hogs,
22.000 head.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — / .
Sept (old) .'/... 11*%
Bept (new) 1 13 1 13% 1,11% 1 11%
December 1 15% 1 16% 114 114
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Continued on' Page Fourteen.
'•'¦ The Toaopah mining; stocks were much more
active again., but lower, a* will be seen. The
other • mining • stocks : were quiet < and ¦ the oil
¦hare* were also inactive and featureless. .
Business en the Bond- Exchange «u Terr
More Activity, With.Sugars Finn
and Tonppahs Lower.
STOCK MAEKET.
13
AUCTION SALES
fcsx fe
At Auction
109 Head of Sound Young
Horses and Mares
WILL BE SOLD
THIS DAT.
THURSDAY, StPlEMBER 15,
At 11 o'clock, at J. B. KORAN'S. SALES-
YARDS, cor. Tenth and Bryant sta. Coma
and get them at your own pricea, as they
must and will be aold.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.Over forty of the leading " vet
erinarians of the State attended the
regular quarterly meeting of the Cali
fornia Veterinary Medical Association
yesterdayln the lecture-room of the
San Francisco Veterinary, College. A
clinic occupied the afternoon .'session
and several \ interesting, operations
were performed. A dinner was : held
last "night at a down-town -restaurant.
Several interesting papers • were | read
by Drs. ¦ Dawdy, Faulkner, Locke,
Donnelly, Welsh. . Jackson and H. F.
State Veterinarians Meet.
Fall hats. 1904, Just . arrived, nobbier
than ever, "torn Dillon & Co.. opp. Palace.*
Gilt-edge deal for. a wise dealer— deal in Gilt
Edge Whiskey.'- Wichman-Lutgren & Co., 29-31'
Battery,, st... San Franciaco.-ij ¦ . ¦. • ¦
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— F. Elizabeth Prtn
dle, who was -seriously injured through ' the
overturning of a coach of the Yosemit* Trans
portation Company -on/ April 28, • 1003, sued
th« company, yestenday/for $5000 damages and
$107 50 expended I medical . attendance.
Visitors, to our city. find the\ public
generally,: -are cordially invited to visit
ouc. newly, fitted art' rooms.!' New collec
tions of the very latest, things in pic
tures and frames.." Sanborn, Vail & Co.,'
741 Market street . •
A New Ar\; Gallery.
G. H. Lanier was arrested on /board
the United ' States • cruiser- Boston by
Detectives Fre"el and^ Bunner 'yester
day and taken to the City. Prispn. He
is wanted in Atlanta, Ga., on a charge
of ¦ felony embezzlement and will , be
taken there by, \V. XV. Champion, a
detective who has been here in search
of him. *. '. ',.¦ , - :
Lanier is 23 years of age and well
educated.' He was* employed as pay
clerk for. a- railroad^ contractor at At
lanta and last December disappeared.
taking .with him .the money that
should have been paid to the men.
He enlisted 'in * the' navy* at'Mare Isl
and and was assigned- to- the Boston.
Through his intelligence and attention
to- duty he was soon promoted to the
position of clerk to the captain of the
cruiser and was. acting in that- capa
city when arrested. He was consider
ably surprised when the officers took
him into custody. . ¦ ¦
G. H. Lanier Wanted in Atlanta, Ga.,
Is Found on ".United States
Cruiser Boston. -
Spencer. Following the dinner .of
ficers were nominated. for the ensuing
term. The officers of the association
are: Charles', H. Blemer. president;
R. A. "Archibald, vice president; P. H.
Browning, secretary; W. F. Eagan,
treasurer.
DEFAULTING PAY .CLERK ' f*
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Flames Caused by Painters Destroy
Some Valuable Statuary in
the Residence. , ,f.".
Flames started by painters wjjile
they were burning off the old paint
yesterday partly destroyed the former
residence of George A. Newhall. a
three-story frame structure at Pacific
a\enue and Webster street. From the
effects of smoke and water some valu
able paintings, statuary and bric-a
brac stored inside of the building were
damaged.
The painters were burning off the
paint on the west side of the building
when a streak of flame from a. scorch-
Ing machine entered through a crack
and ignited the inside of the walls.
An alarm of fire was Immediately
turned in. The fire engines arrived
before the fire had gained any head
way. The firemen were notified not
to use too much water, " as the fire
could be easily subdued without it and
many valuables thus saved. ' : •
The building was occupied as the
residence' of Newhall when It stood
at the corner- of Sutter. street and Van
Ness avenue. He vacated it some time
ago and It was, moved to its present
location.
Uses Charity to Swindle Public.
•An unknown ¦woman, representing
;erself as being connected with St.
Fohn's or St. Luke's Episcopal Church,
lag been duping the public by selling
;ickets for raffles of needlework and
>t,her. articles. .She claims that the
noney. Is to-be used .for a charitable
purpose. . Different • drugstores were
?Iven . as places where the . raffle was
:o be held, the woman saying that if a
purchaser of a ticket did ; attend
the raffle^he could learn the name of
:he winner by consulting. The. Call' the
nvxt: day. \ Officers of these churches
iiclare that : the woman has no* au
thority to sell tickets for them. / \
Arc Admitted to Practice.
The following applicants out of a
class of thirty-aix have passed the Su
preme Court's examinations for ad
mission to the bar: E.YW. Roland. H.
W. Ballantlne, /W. H. Dprn, T. J. Ba
cigalupl. H. L. Horn, E.- F.. Moran, F.
A.- Coslello, Frank -Thunnen,: Lester
Perry, Milton Newmark. J.' R.^Robin
son Jr.; H: S. Shaffer. -F. L. Griffith.
F. A. Lelb.J. J. Webb,: L S. Acker
man. C. de Y. Elkus, F." B. Worley, G.
E. Newlln, C G. Dall. O. E. Bashore.
C. A. Strong Jr., J. C .Thompson. W.
N. Hohflld, W. J. Burpee. M. N. Far
rarv The following were. admitted on'
motion: ¦ jG. W. Cunningham. A. P.
de Witt : Stiefvater, R.' B.' Bell, D. H.
At Mechanics' Pavilion . the great
Templar cross and crown wilt be' re
placed by the three links in colored
electric lights, the links covering a span
of. fifty feet. The internal decorations
oft the- pavilion will also be altered to
suit the new conditions.. ' The 'Harbor
Commission has also" generously con
sented to' change the illuminations on
the ferry building, the maltose cross to
be replaced by a tent, the" emblem of.
the encampment. The grand stand in
front of the City Hall will be allowed
to remain' and will be in charge of
Louis Kragen, .who will reserve the
seats for members of the order only.. '
The parade committee, with Grand
Marshal General E.-H. Black,- has ar
ranged 'a procession of fourteen divis
ions. ." In the parade there .will be from
twenty-five to thirty floats, which In
At the 'court on Market street be
tween Fifth and Sixth streets there
also will be a change. In lieu of the
Templar cross there will be the all
seeing eye and the smaller emblems. of
Teiriplarism will be supplanted by em
blems of the Odd Fellows. -
CHANGE AT PAVILION. : ; .
at Kearny and Market streets will be
changed from, plain white to colored
lights and the three links, representing
friendship, love and truth, will be
added, 'a set of links to face east arid
one to face 'west. The many. Knights
Templar emblems now pendent from
the large, ring at the base of the bell
will be replaced by emblems of Odd
Fellowship, such as .the, clasped hands,
heart and band, the universe, the bee
hive and the all-seeing eye. :
ODD FELLOWS AND MEMBER OF
AUXILIARY THAT ARE PRE
PARING FOR ENCAMPMENT.
ASKS TO BE DISSOLVED.-The Knlshts
ef Pythias Burial Afsociation filed & petition
°' ution of the corporation yester
day. TT> petition »« filed upon recommenda
tion of norf than two-thirds of the members of
the association.
United States District Judge de
Haven sat yesterday as a United States
Circuit Judge to try Thomas Davis for
a felonious' assault alleged to have
bten committed upon the person of
Mrs. ; Emma Ames on board tne
steamer Alliance on October 15 or
last year while she was on her way
from San Francisco to her home in
Marshfield. Or. At the time of_ the
alleged outrage she was seasick in
her stateroom with her two children,
six and four years of age. respectively.
Davis left the vessel at Seattle and
was arrested two months later in tnis
city by United States Secret Service
Agent George XV. Hazen.
Horace Laws, night watchman on
board" of the Alliance, testified that
Waiter Davis had confessed to him
that he had assaulted Mrs. Ames. Mr.
Ames was on the stand when an ad
journment was taken until to-day.
This is the second trial, the jury
having disagreed on the first. A con
viction would have called for a death
sentence or imprisonment for life.
Since then a new indictment has been
presented containing a count charging
attempted assault, the punishment for
which is three xears* Imprisonment
in the penitentia^'. ¦ • ,
« * i ¦
GEORGE A. NEWHALI/S FORMER
HOME IS DAMAGED BY FIRE
New Indictment Will Enable tire Jury
to Save His Life Should They
. Feel So Disposed.
WAITER DAVIS IS ON
TRIAL FOR ASSAULT
ADJOURNED TO SANTA ROSA.—Th»
hearlasr of the contest of th* will of the lat«'
T.idla Wlckersham, was adjourned to Santa
Rosa by Judse S«awell yesterday. The case
will be retnnwd to thla'clty for further hear
ing next Monday. *¦¦' • •
. Have Edward Knowlea Co. print that book
let. 24 Second »t. Telephone Main 808. k^u* '¦
way in which to move qnt his shakes
except across the park. The objection
of the commissioners is. based on the
danger 'to the park that would result
from Harrington's operations.
Among those that are active in pre
paring for the reception of the oncom-'
ing Odd Fellows are Mrs. Nellie Stick
ney, a member of -the. committee on
Rebekah day; C. W. Savage, a member
of the Santa Rosa lodge; Captain J. F.'
Chappell, aide-de-camp , of the depart
ment staff; H. A. Towle, lieutenant col
onel cf the Second Regiment Patriarch
Militant: Ma jot F. P. Hoy of the First
Battalion. Third Regiment, and Major
A. N. Judd of the Third Battalion, Sec- V
ond Regiment.
The decoration committee has decided
that the installed electrical display of
the Knights Templar conclave on Mar
ket and Larkin streets and in the Me
chanics* Pavilion , are to remain, but
there will be alterations to meet the
new conditions that are to prevail dur
ing Odd Fellows* week., The large circle
that surmounts the great electric bell
At the meeting last evening it was
stated that the session of the Sover
eign Grand Lodge' will bring not less
than 35.000 strangers to the city. Of
Odd Fellows there will be about 10,000.
The appointment of committees to re
ceive the Incoming visitors and assign
them to their headquarters is proceed
ing. But a few days remain in which
to complete the preparations, but the
executive committee is confident that
all will be in readiness, when the first
delegation arrives in the city. ' )' ¦
ARE ACTIVELY ENGAGED.
Activity in the ranks of the Odd Fel
lows indicates the early coming of the
hosts. that will deliberate at the annual
session of the Sovereign Grand Lodge.
The great Odd Fellows' building at
Market and Seventh streets presented a
busy scene last evening. The executive
committee that is completing the ar
rangements for the event and the sev
eral committees of Rebekahs that will
entertain the visitors were in session
and it was near midnight when the
conferences adjourned.
A matter of special gratification to
the executive committee was the tender
of the services of the Citizens' Commit
tee, Mayor Schmitz chairman, which
did such effective work prior to and
during the Knights Templar Conclave.
W. de St. Paul Seitz, secretary of the
committee, appeared before the execu
tive committee of the Odd Fellows and
on behalf of the Citizens' Committee
tendered its services and stated that
it would be glad to- confer with the Odd
Fellows in an effort to further the in
terests of the, order, the city and the
State. The tender was accepted with
thanks • and to-morrow afternoon at
3:30 o'clock at the Mayor's office in the
City Hall the Citizens' Committee will;
confer with a committee of Odd Fel
lows that will be appointed for the
purpose.
Milllgan. J. E. Harper. F. H. Murray.
E. G. Heney, Olin C. Wilson.
On Rebekah day during Grand
Grand Lodge week there will be a
programme of music, arid song in the
afternoon at the Pavilion and in the
evening Mrs. Dora L. Gardner, presi
dent of the California Assembly, .will
deliver an address of welcome to the
visitors, . which will .be . responded . to
by J. B. Goodwin, the sovereign grand
master. Past President Mrs. i Caro
line A. Hoxett will read an original
poem, and Grand Master J. W. Lins
cott-will-deliver an address. Others
that will take part in the programme
are Grace McPhail, Jennie Katzen
stein,. Miss .J.f Grazer, the Knicker
bocker "quartet and a chorus of 200
voices. There will, also be an exhibi
tion drill by the San Francisco Re
bekah drill', corps -No: -2, Captain Allie
¦Parker commanding, after which
there will be a grand ball.
¦ All formations ' except the Patri
archs Militant will march in open or
der, in columns of four, eight feet
apart, and organizations will be twen
ty.feet apart. The distance between
divisions will be twenty yards. From
the figures that have been received at
headquarters it is asserted that there
will be 12.000 people in the parade,
including the Rebekahs, who will take
an active part. \
The grand marshal has appointed
the following named as commanders
of the first twelve divisions: XV. M.
Simpson, Charles A. Bliss. Victor Ba
signano, Charles W. Clifton, George;
L. Perham, Henry D. Saville, Eugene
L. Marshall, Louis Kragen, W. H.
Sharpe, Charles Stallman, Frank L.
Glass, George Rule. Commanders for
the thirteenth and fourteenth divi
sions are yet to be named. Captain J.
K. Ritter has been selected chief aid.
PARADE IX OPEN ORDER.
various ways will" exemplify the order
of Odd. Fellows and the charitable work
in' which Jit is engaged. .The parade
will.be on Friday/ the 23d inst.. and it
will be the aim of the • committee to
make it the most notable in the history
of... the. Sovereign Grand Lodge. The
procession will start at 10 o'clock in
the morning and will move up Market
street to Van Ness avenue, out the
avenue to California street" and
countermarch on the avenue, where the
organizations will be reviewed.
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell I
round-trip tickets to Tosemite Valley
from San Francisco for,J25 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip is made entire- !
ly in day time and includes a ride I
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol- |
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor- j
nia Bir Trees). Meals «nd lodgings are
t-h* best. The route is through the Mer- '
red Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls j
Bridal Wil and Yosemite Falls. Cathe- I
riral Rock, the Sentinel. Glacier Point '
Three Brothers. El Capitan and New In- ;
cpiration Point. Additional stay in Yo- !
s>emite may be hart at from 52 00 to $4 00 i
*¦. day. This is a grand chance to see the i
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about !
it at Santa Fe Office. No. €41 Market st •
Reduced Rates by ¦ Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Mrs. McNemcr came to this city on |
Monday in answer to a matrimonial
advertisement in a San Francisco
paper. She left her husband In
Lincoln, and. bringing her little boy
with her. -went to the address given in
the advertisement. She says she saw
Powell at room No. 424 Callaghan
building, and, after a conference that
teemed satisfactory, gave him her
pursf, from which he took all the
money. He then invited her to dinner
amd afterxvard made her his guest for
two days, after which he turned her
out and told her to go home.
The woman was penniless, and called
at the Hall of Justice to get a warrant
for Powell's arrest. Bond and War
rant Clerk Kennedy sent a nole to ]
Powell by Detective Anthony asking
him to rome to the Hall of Justice.
Powell at first denied everything to
Anthony, then admitted that the
¦woman's story was in the main the
truth. He gave no reason for his ac
tions, and denied that he had robbed
Mrs. McNemer, but stated that If she
said he had, he would return any
amount that Fhe named. He seemed
thoroughly frightened and Bond Clerk
Kennedy told the woman to wait until
this morning to see if Powell would
make a settlement and send her home.
Mrs. McNemer "was provided a place to
Bleep last night and her cage will be
disposed of to-day.
Mrs. Alice McNemer, a married
woman of Lincoln, a small burg near
Sacramento, called at the Hall of Jus
tice last night to secure a warrant for
the arrest of Charles E. Powell, an of
ficial of the National Realty and In-
Eurar.ce Company. She alleges that
PoweJl robbed her under rather re
markable? circumstances, and then
turned her out without a cent.
A question of. .considerable^ impor
tance was raised by' the. application of
G. H. Harrington-of Santa Cruz to be
permitted to use the trails in the State
park to move in materials and to move
out shakes from land that immediately
adjoins the park. It was voted to in
struct the warden' not to permit the
trails to be, used for commercial pur
poses. Harrington, may fight the com
mission on this, as .he has- no visible
' Mrs. Lovell White, representing the
Sempervirens-Club. made. 'application,
in behalf of the club, for a lease of
land on' which to erect a clubhouse for
members. The association has five
large branches in the State. The mat
ter was taken.under advisement.
• Commissioner .W. H. Mills, who pre
sided" at the . meeting, elicited many
facts , by asking questions. The cost
to the State for extinguishing the fires
in the park , will' be something like
$1500. The v standing/ 1 dead timber in
the park served as fuel to spread the
flames more rapidfjK. - ¦ ¦:
• The commissioners, discussed the best
methods for guarding the park against
tires. It was agreed that it is wise
to keep the underbrush cleared away.
The commissioners declared that no
• fire trail- could ip'ossibly have stayed
the progress of the flames while the
north wind was blowing. Such an ex
pedient as a fire trail -fifty feet wide
might be of benefit in a femall fire,
but not where "the conflagration .cov
ers an extensive territory. . ;
: Professor Dudley • reported that the
fires are still smoldering ' in various
parts of Big Basin Park and a stiff
wind would fan the embers, into flames.
In view of this ' it was • voted,* at the
suggestion of Commissioner Mills, that
ten. men be kept: In. the park to fight
fires and put in as much time as pos
sible en fire trails until the rains
drench the forests thoroughly.
CLUBHOUSE IX PARK.
Owing to the conditions mentioned by
Commissioner , Kron \ and Professor
Dudley ' the fire effects were strange.
Lofty trees were .denuded ef foliage
from the" ground to their topmost twigs/
Great billows of flame swept down into
a gorge some distance from. . the
Sempervirens'. .camp -and -underbrush
and small trees th*re fairly melted
away in the intense heat. . Nbtfaf dis
tant the drealeas escaped unharmed and
are still green .along the creeks. About
100 acres of redwood timber in the park
was burned. ' " .•
By night the fires died down. In the
morning the. north wind blew strong,
bringing with it the heat of the inter
ior valleys, drying all inflammable ma
terial, so that the terrific leaps of the
flames were from blazing trees to areas
of combustible, growths. \ .
There were whirls of wind, while the
fires were raging, that twisted eft* the
tops of redwood and oak trees—torna
does caused by 'the intense heat. Fallen
trunks of trees /were converted into
mounds of iture white ashes.
Commissioner Kron yesterday told
his: associates «-in. the State Redwood
Park Commission, haying charge of the
Big Basin Park, that the rece'tat forest
fires covered about one-t'hird of the en
tire area of ,the . 3900 'acres included
within the park boundaries. -The com
missioner's narrative was 'not without
elements of public interest. The State
paid $250,000 for the park in the first
instance. .It has expended certain sums
to make it accessible. Telegraphic ac
counts- of • the. 'forest fires had it that
very fe\v large sempervirens trees were
permanently injured.- Commissioner
Kron attributed to the ! thick bark or
"Jackets" of the .trees their marvelous
escape. Through, the rind,; practically
impervious to ordinary fires, the flames
did not penetrate.
'.'Warden Pilkington reports," .. said
Kron. "that the flames jumped as much
as half a. mile,- igniting trees that were
far from the main conflagration."
Professor Dudley of Stanford Univer
sity, the secretary of the commission,
told hc-w the Stanford- students had
rallied to assist fighting the towering
flames in the Big Basin.. They worked
with. railroad, trackmen, and the. small
force .of men that Warden Pilkington
had in the park when the fire was dis
covered sweeping over the 1600- foot
ridge frcm Pescadero Creek, destroy
ing houses, bridges, vineyards and
grain fields.
WHIRLS OF FLAME.
Woman Leaves Home to Wed
Loral Real Estate Man and
Comes to Grief in City
Sempervirens Club Wishes
to Build, Handsome Lodge
for Members in Big Qrove
EMJJEKS.STILL SMOLDER
ANSWERS MAEEIAGE AD
Mrs. Alice 3IcXemer Charges
Charles Powell With Crime
of Taking Her Last Money
Kedwoocl Park Commission
ers Vote to Keep Men on
Watch \ Until Eains Begin
ACCUSES AGENT
OF ROBBING HER
HEAR REPORTS
OF BASIN FIRE
ODD FELLOWS PREPARE TO RECEIVE
HOSTS OF SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE
Citizens' Committee Tenders Its Services to Make the Coming
Encampment a Success and Arrangements Are Made for- a Con
ference To-Morrow Afternoon in the Office, of Mayor Schmitz
T6f. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1904.
14
FREE r— FREE — — FREE
STERILIZED SALT.
Tiro .Packages of
LESLIE STERILIZED SALT,
Made In California nntl subject-
ed to the . most . searchins meth-
ods , of scientific manufacture
before being placed On the mar-
ket..-. • ». ..
A two-pound package for the
table.;
A- two-pound package for the
bath. ;
Chemically pure and every
package sterilized.
FREE TO .WANT AD.
PATROXS OF NEXT
> SDXDAy'SCALL.
See '.announcement on Classified
¦ '. . •; " ; ' . :pa:re..; y ¦ ...... . ¦;
39 STOCZTOK ST.. Wear Market.
Tslep-ose Mala 5522
WE STXLL SO BTTSXKSSS AT THE
OLS STA5D.
We Have So Branch Stores.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square.. '..35c
Oar g-uarante* goes with It.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen. . .37^c
Th« very best.
MINNESOTA EGGS, per dozen.... 27 #c
A new car to-day.
KONA COFFEE, wrlb... .:..... ..20c
Rez. 25c. The b*st Hawaii affords.
VICTORIA BLEND TEA, per Ib 45c
Reg. 60c. The cup that cheers.
6hirardelli's Ground Chocolate, Ib can 25c
Be=. 30c.
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, per Ib 35c
Why pay more? Pure candy.
SWISS CHEESE, per Ib, 27/ 2 c
Reg. 85c. Genuine Ementh&lar.
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI and VERMICELLI
-f.:j-;;. 20c and 35c
Rer. 25c, 60c. In imaJl and large boxes.
FRENCH PEAS, per can .15c
Reg. 20c. Petit Pels.
EVAPORATED CREAM, 3 cans for.... 25c
per dozen 90c
, Rer. 10c and $1.10. Tho Jersey brand.
IDEAL LAUNDRY SOAP. 7 cakes for.. 25c
Reg. 6 for 25c. The best ta th* market.
CALIFORNIA BRANDY—
Per bot. 76c. cal. S3.0O. Reg. $1.00.
14.00. Pure old grade brandy.
MARQUETTE RYE, per boi 85c
Rer. f l.CO. The whisky of th* horn*.
PALM GIN, in square pint bot 40c
Rer. &5c Imported from Holland.
PABST'S MALT EXTRACT, per doz- .$2.10
Res. S2.25. Also known as best tonic
WHITE UBEL PORTER, per doz... $1.85
Ret. $2.00. Guinness' stout.
CLARET, per gal 40c
Her. 60c It makes red blood.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE mRRANTED
tnimMiiT—wr^^Miiir*'"*
All goes well when the baby
is well. Keep tho baby well by
giving him Mellin's Food, it will
nourish him, make him grow strong
and keep him happy. We are sure
of it; try it. Ask the mothers of
Mellin's Food children. Send for our
free book about Mellin's Food.
, . y . . . . ¦ -
MELLIN'3 FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
Fashion Says; "Walking: Skirts for Fall." Hale's Say t
"Walking Skirts To=Day"
Tfcie new styles at $5, $7.50, $8.75. <^^^^
of the $5.00 ones in the picture. It's l&^r
in a dark, smooth, mixed \ material, with jjRjfeL
fancy straps, pleats and buttons, perfectly M?^k\ '
tailored. The picture is here to show you the Mf '^t\K
style, the way it fits and hangs. It could JH.|Bk1*I,
not be better if it was made to order. But *$&{%£*$*
you can't see the perfect workmanship and - lW/^
the splendid quality of the material till you jj^\
see" them in the store to-day. $5.00. ' - j 1 T\S*//*
At $7^O— A dark mixed skirt, in brown and Ox- / • j L.^go
ford, with very full pleated bottom and fancy 'jf li kVT
At SS.?S^-A kilt skirt of smooth mixed material. «J I h1|\V\ |^
In blue, brown and black. fi[r WV
These are only introductions. If you are Ifff rrMw\\^\
thinking of getting your new skirt for fall. thin«c ////¦^M-\1\\\h3 >^
of Hale's to-day. You can choose from a biz- > -<iJ HlLfa^
cer variety of better skirts than we have had fy&Sip^^
before and pay less than you would expect.
See the New Napoleon. Cape in the Window.
It's in the new burnt orange, a beautiful evening wra £, T £ ont £j n £ *2
yards of broadcloth, lined with white satin. It hangs as a cape. Pick up
the left corner_and throw It over the light shoulder to wear lt.^
. . _
Hundreds of $4.75 Hats
> San Francisco's most inter csti/tg millinery news to-day.
For they're beautiful hats. In every color — brown, green,
black, the new blue. Trimmed in every good way. Every new
shape. v . : . ,
' It's. a showing that .will interest women, for they haven t
been able to get such hats at $4-75 before.
Many of them are styles direct from New York's foremost mUltoers. bnt
most of them are made right here in our own work rooms. No two of them
alike. That's to insure "individuality." Let the styles talk for themselves
in the store to-day and tell you of the advantages this six-store Duylnsr
brings. • 7^/ _• '¦"_*¦ z
Art Denim, He Cotton Towel at 5c
It's figured; regularly 15c. It's a bargain of bargains.
It's a special lot that will malce
special selling to-day. buy the more you will save. See
It's in pretty blue, red, green and th^ m at _ c to .day.
brown colorings, new patterns, for Hnck Towe i, 8V4o— Instead of 10a
couch or box coverings or curtains for glze jg X 3s in., hemmed, cotton,
clothes closets, lie yd. to-day. Sec- \
ond^or. ______ Flannel 15c Yard
German Velour, reg. 20c yard.
If you wear sice 13 or 13J6 tn There are on i y two colors. There
Turnover Collars YS&iVSJ l Sd
PaV 1 5C red » w . ith black fi£r"r«s» to make
J . f splendid wrappers. 15c yard.
Instead of 25c " -m*
To-day 'for pretty linen ones with <&^&^ff/ *££> ffl J&£b^<4&B&i
crochet stitched open work around JJtf/ftf/ <&£&Q^S&^J3£3&'
the border. If thev were in all sizes JMf £B*£- i
they wotild be full price. If you mi Go**** tioQQ*^
S. 13 .£££ y Payn " r ' y Market Street, Near Shth.
ADVEKT1J5E31ENTS.
SHOES
The Fall Season
, Makes many demands on the
wardrobe — particularly on
Shoes and Oxfords.
Sorosis Shoes
¦
For Fall have many designs
of Button Boots which are
fashionable in appearance
and adapted for all weathers.
Sizes 1 to 9 ' rf» "5.50
Widths AAA to EE •POr.rrr
Only to be had la Baa Pranclico at
Sorosis Shoe Parlor
216 POST ST.
; Royal Shoe Store
50 THIRD ST.
Send postal card for latest
Booklet. It's new.
f Perfect Fitting (/(Y
Eyeglasses c^
41 Moiferate Cost |\
V 642
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 Market St., Opp. Mason.
SHEET MUSIC— PHONOGRAPHS.
carters! cuhe siCK HEADACnE *
rarrriE GBtnnno Must Bear
JlVER Fao-Sinufe Signature
•¦-:¦/ eOLIGHES ' '^fe
\ ¦ We bought 300 of them below the factory cost, .and now. ' i»
m* . .we are' giving the' greatest Couch bargains^ ever 'offered. ,Th»
\ cashand the. credit price is thc-same. -"i Any-- couch'.'held till".- J£ \
\ All Couches at from one-th'ri to one-half off the regular price. &
ff* - ' /Handy" Couch for, after-dinner nap ....".'.. ..$3.50 JR
. : $8.50 Derby Couch. , in satin damasks .... . 1 '. V. 94.95 • • -^»» 7W
"m~ . $9.50 Box ; Couch,: with deep box ........ ....95. $5 uL
¦%'/¦."' '; $15.00 ; Royal' Couch,^^ tapestry covering,. V.'.'r-. $J>.85; ; Q»
*L , $ 22 -5O Scroll: Couch,.in ; velours :....;/. ..'r.^16.65 t &
, $27.so' Escutcheon' Carved Couch . : .'..'. •'. '1.\^1O»OO •¦ <£»
» %-Seedfawingsof a few of oqrsiJe couches'. obove... 5«^