PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
Continued on Pago 2, Column 5.
Noted British Artist Dies.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— Collln Hunter,
the artist, is dead, aged 63 years.
Mrs. Wright was returning from the
World's Fair and stopped over to see.
Kansas .City. She had with her the
grip containing the valuables. On
leaving the Westport car on the South
Side she forgot to take It. with her.
When she discovered her loss she hur
ried to the company's offices. She was
almost hysterical and wanted every
effort made to instantly locate her
grip. While she was explaining mat
ters. Conductor Wallace appeared
with the missing satchel.. Mrs. .Wright
handed the conductor a $5 bill with
the remark that * she ' was "so much
obliged to him." KB
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept 25.— For
returning a satchel containing $580 in
cash. $1000 in New York drafts and
jewelry to the value of $2000, A. W.
Wallace, a street car conductor, re
ceived J5 reward from Mrs. P. M.
Wright of Sacramento, Cal., the owner
of the satchel. '-:. \t '\ </ : 7 : --
LEAVES GRIP CONTAINING '
$3580 IN STREET CAR
While Bradley occupied a cell in the
city.: jail a visit was- made to, his tent
and other . stolen articles were' found.
Bradley recently came West from
Chicago. He is said to be well connect
ed there, though he. studiously avoids
any allusion to his family. ; It required
a; long sweating process to elicit the
confession of : guilt from \u25a0 Bradley.
TACOMA. Sept. 25.— After protesting
his Innocence for hours, Albert Brad
ley, a divinity student,, has confessed
to being a burglar. He broke down
and told where loot from a residence
he had robbed was concealed.
At the "police station the young man
was very indignant and protested his
innocence. .He showed himself to be a
graduate of the M©ody Bible School of
Chicago and' a member of the church.
He declared; he was: studying f° r tne
ministry and that during the summer
he had been camping on the shores of
Lake Washington. Af the time he was
protesting "his innocence Bradlev was
wearing a coat and shoes stolen from
a residence.
The Pacific electric line, which now
runs to Huntington Beach,' is to be
extended to the easterly line of New
port Beach, making nine. miles of new
trackage. The company. also intends
to run an electric line eleven miles
long from Newport Beach to Santa
Ana. Work on the new lines will be
gin at once.
LOS ANGELES. " Sept. 25. — By &
deal, the final papers in which passed
this evening; Henry E. Huntlngton has
acquired control of five miles of ocean
front property lying mostly In Orange
County and including practically all of
the bay. front at Newport. For a con
sideration which has not been made
public but la said to be a large sum.
W. S. Collins and others transferred
to Huntington their stock In the New
port Beach Company.
Huntington also secures 600 acres of
beach land and the largest island in
Newport Bay. 150 acres in area. It is
the intention of the purchaser to place
the property on the market as soon
as certain improvements can be made
and out of it he will make one of the
most magnificent beach resorts on the
Western coast. •••
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Graduate of a Bible
School Admits
His Guilt.
Huntington Acquires
Control of Miles
of Beach
"The Democratic party," he writes,
"stands committed to the principle of
civil service reform and demands its
just and impartial enforcement."
.STAND. PAT ON THE CANAL.
While accusing President 'Roosevelt
of following devious -paths .to secure
the building of the . Panama canal.
Judge ' Parker urges the Democratic
party to become partlceps criminis in
this procedure, "as the building of a
canal -along the - route selected should
be pressed- to completion with all rea
sonable expedition."
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.-»-"Stand pat on
practically all of the present national
policies, but change your national
leaders," is the advice to the American
voters, paraphrased from the famous
message of the late Senator Hanna,
given ' by judge Alton Brooks Parker,
in his letter of acceptance of the
Democratic nomination for President.
At the outset he takes pains again
to declare "my unqualified belief in
the gold standard." On the tariff —
call«d the "robber tariff" by the St.
Louis platform, he expresses a belief
in the necessity of revision, but adds
that such revision should be accom
plished "without disturbing business
conditions," and naively couples this
with the reiterated declaration that
such revision would be impossible,
even if he should win, as of necessity
the United States Senate must remain
Republican during the next four years.
"Stand pat" on political, legislation
on the trusts is also his advice, his
reason being that, in his judgment, thte
existing laws, together with the rem
edies afforded by common law, are
adequate to deal with the problem.
Reciprocity, called *the twin brother
of protection," he declares to be neces
sary in order to secure enlarged and
enlarging markets for American pro
ducts. :'. >"
Special Dtipatch to The Can.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25. — Grief-stricken
over the death of her son. Mrs. Apollo
Matezki sat- in h«r home, 141 Wa
bansia avenue, yesterday waiting for
his body, which she had identified at
the North Side. Morgue, to be brought
to the house, when in walked Ignatz
in his usual good health. THe mother
almost swooned at . the Bight, and
neighbors, who had come in to con
sole the woman, stood speechless.
Ignatz, who is 29 years of age, had
not even heard the report that he was
dead and was at a loss to understand
why his appearance should cause con
sternation. Then it was explained
that Mrs. Matezki, not having seen
him for some ''tvs, read of a suicide
which answered his description and
went to see the body, which she mis
takenly identified as his. Ignatz at
once got busy canceling orders for a
coffin, carriages and flowers and to
day there was joy in that house in
stead of a funeral.
Chicago Mother Identifies Suicide as
Her Son, but Jjatter Turns Up -- ,
In Usual Health.
BIG DEAL
CLOSED IN
THE SOUTH
DIVINITY
STUDENT
A BURGLAR
RETURNS IN. TIME-TO CANCEL
ORDER FOR HIS FUNERAL
Says Imperialism
Is the Great
Issue.
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENCY WHOSE VIEWS ARE TO-DAY MADE PUBLIC.
-This capture hessens; the security of
the fort on Rihlung Mountain, which is
During the day and night of the 19th
and until noon of the 20th the bom
barffrnent continued without cessation,
and the many shells falling from quar
ters which -previously had been 6ilent
made it qbvious that the Japanese ha<3
at last succeeded either, in mounting
many heavy guns in. new positions or
In strengthening" their old positions.
The infantry fighting during this pe
riod was comparatively ttivial.
At noon of September 20. the Japan
ese right and center, the former being,
to the west and the latter" to the east
of the railroad, commenced the ad
vance. • The troops made use of the
trenches and infrequent natural cover
that lay in their way. The small forts
to the south of Shushiyen resisted this
advance but briefly, their garrisons not
being strong. numerically.
' Since the beginning, of Jthe bombard
ment the artillery fire from Fort Kuro-'
patkin had" been growing " steadily
weaker, and, -it having become appar
ent that it had been; practically si
lenced, the Japanese assaulted the fort.
Fort Kuropatkin is situated to the
south- of Palichuang and" to the north
• east of . the f parade ffround, on a low
hill. It derives its name from the time
when General Kuropatkin; inspected it,
pointed out the 'weakness of the posi
tion <and ordered that; iti be I strength
ened; as far as' possible, because of 'the
necessity of • protecting \u25a0 the water sup
ply. \u25a0; .While (situated Mn * the , chain * of
main forts, Fort Kuropatkin never has
been as strong as the others.. After se
vere fighting it fell into - the hands of
the Japanese.. -
MAIN FORTS ENDANGERED.
CHEFU, Sent. 25— As a result of the
battle before Port Arthur^ which began
on September 13, the Japanese succeed
ed in capturing several important posi
tions, and to-day the Russian tenure of
the big forts guarding the north,
northeast and northwest sides of the
•town- is seriously threatened. Chinese
information places the Japanese losses
under 3000 for the three .flays" fighting.
This comparatively small casualty list
is due to the excessive care used by the
Japanese in making their- preparations
for the advance. Russian sources,
htfi*"«*vejv-"cteiJTK to have! information
'that the' Japanese~iO3Btt4j*-ere unusu
ally severe, amounting to' fully three
times the number reported by Chinese.
MjPossibly the most important capture
dtfrins the three days* fighting was
that of Fort Kuropatkin, which, while
of minor value with regard to prevent
ing the entrance into the town of the
Japanese, had been constructed for the
purpose of protecting the. source of the
garrison's water supply. The control
of this water supplv is now > in the
hands of the Japanese. S
As was announced in these dis
patches on September, 20, the battle be
gaivbefore daybreak on September 19.
At that hour the citizens arM garrison
of Port Arthur, after the enjoyment of
weeks of comparative security, .awoke,
to the thunderous reports of artillery
along the line extending from the west
of Itz Mountain to Rlhlung and Kik
wan Mountains. This was but a pre
face to the assault which was destined
to result in the capture of three new
and important Russian positions, • to
gether with six small but annoying
forts lying between .Shushiyen and
Rihlung Mountain. .
NEW GUNS IN ACTION.
The arrival of the distinguished par
ty, who had come directly through
from Bath. Me., in a private car, was
anticipated by the hotel people, where
•they were due at 5 o'clock. The train
was delayed, and by the time they ar
rived the his court of the hotel was
filled w?th a large crowd anxious to get
a. glimiJ&e of the man famous as the
president of the steel trust and or
ganizer of the shipbuilding trust. Re
'teiver Smith was the first of the party
to arrive at the hutel. He immediately
vent to the counter to receive a large
pile of mail that was waiting for him,
and then excusing himself from all who
\u25a0wished to see him on the plea that he
"was fatigued retired to his apartments
and denied himself to all callers.
Schwab arrived soon after ward. When
he walked into the hotel men and
wbmen stood up endeavoring to get a
glimpse of this man who had received
eo much notoriety. He managed to
work his way up to the hotel counter.
After he had placed h:s name on the
••register he announced his intention of
taking a Turkish bath and with several
of hie friends he startec out with that
purpose in view. He was in the finest
pcfcsib'e vein of humor and received
every' on* with a broad, good-natured
smile and a hearty toandshake. In
tpeaking of the reorganization of the
ehipbuilding combine he said:
"I am the sole owner of 70 per cent
of the shares of the new organization.
In this corporation are fifteen million
shares of preferred bUtcX and fifteen
million shares of common stock. This
new organization owns all the ship
building properties that were in the.
old company with the exception of the
Harlan and ilollinssworth Company
"end the Union Iron Wonts of this city.
These two are not at present in our
organization. Th>? sal? of the Union
-Iron Works takes place to-day, and
while I am not h*re to make a bid I
am naturally interested in the sale. I
have come a-'ross the continent straight
Irom Bath, Maine. My party is com
posed entirely of my friends. First i
comes A. J. Spicgelmire, who Is the
f.rrt man I e\*er worked for and one
of my most valued friends.
"There is also with me W. W. Green,
whu comes here representing the Mer
cantile Trust Company; Francis D.
Pollak, representing the reorganization
committee of th«i new =hip-building
corr.pany; also Walter Stevely, Dr. J.
B. Bislde, Charles E. Dinkey. M. R.
Ward, S. J. I-ons. John McKane and
Dr. Edward Powers. I have no inten
tion at present of making a visit to the
Tonopah country, my present plans be
inp to remain here until to-morrow
nipht and then go directly East." .
As Schwab owns TO per cent of the
ptock of the new organization he has
full control of It, and if he acquires
the Union Iron Works and the Harlan
& Holiingsworth plant, which is to be
sold at auction during the first week in
October, he will be in absolute control
of the Ehin-building industry of this
country. He hopes, having this end in
view, that with the acquisition of these
two last-named plants he will be able
to place the successor to the original
Ehip-buildicg trust on a paying basis.
Charles M. Schwab, former president
of the United States Steel Corporation,
and ex-Senator James Smith Jr., re
ceiver for the United States Shipbuild
ing Company, accompanied by a party
cf friends, arrived in this city last
night and are at the St. Francis.
The purpose of their visit is to be
present at the sale of the Union Iron
Works, which is to be put up for auc
tion to-day by Receiver Smith by order
of the Federal court.
LONDON", Sept. *2C. — The Daily
Mail's Chefu correspondent says tliat
the Japanese are now; devoting their
energies to an attempt to drive the
Russian fleet from Port Arthur.
Japan, the correspondent says, is de
termined to destroy the Russians be
fore it is possible for the Baltic lleet
to arrive. j
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26. 2:30
a. m.— A dispatch received here from
Chef u states, that the Japanese, hav
ing augmented their nrtillery with
12-inch suns, bejjan a fre6h bombard
ment of Port Arthur, on September 10,
Iastlns I until '\u25a0 September > if; when it
culminated .w Wi nJrej»\3>^ttnck, which
tva "s If-tiu liei* 'wftii' i^cBrmous losses.
A number of citizens, attracted by
the fusillade, armed with guns, surv
rcunded the robber. Taking refuge be
hind cars and other obstructions, they
opened fire on the desperado, who re
turned the fire, firing at everybody that
Ehowed in sight. B'inally Deputy Sher
iff Kinney, with a shotgun loaded with
buckshot, brought the robber to earth.
During the melpe the holdup's two
companions escaped in the gathering
darkness. A posse of citizens and mem
bers of Company F of the State Mili
tia, are now in pursuit. Great excite
ment prevails and unless the despera
does are successful in eluding pursuit
they probably will be lynched by the,
enraged people. '
BLACKFOOT. Idaho. Sept. 25— Aa a
result of an attempt to hold up a Jap
anese section gang here at 5 o'clock
to-day. Deputy Sheriff E. P. Sweet
was killed. Section Foreman W. E.
Fitzgerald probably fatally* wounded
and an unknown tramp, one of the
robbers, fatally wounded..
The deputy sheriff ' was summoned
from his office to ' apprehend two
trampa. .who, were_ attempting, itpfhqld
up ' the Japanese sect ion men." Sweet,
accompanied by Fitzgerald, approached
the section house, when one of the des
peradoes, with a revolver in his hand,
beckoned Sweet to enter. As the depu
ty crossed the threshold the holdup
fired at close range, and, striking the
dt puty in the forehead, he fell forward
on his face into the house, the wound
proving fatal within an hour. The
robber then sprang over the prostrate
body of the deputy and with an oath
started after Fitzgerald, who ran for
the adjoining section house, a short
distance away, which he reached and
locked the door behind him. After fir
ing two shots through the door the
robber broke the door down, and, cor
nering Fitzgerald, shot him three times,
emptying his revolver, arter which he
beat him into insensibility with the
weapon. He then sprang through a
window and started up the railroad
track toward the town.
. I axn t2»e solo owner of 70 per cent
of the shares of the new organization.
In this corporation there are fifteen
r.:jl!ion shares of preferred stock and
fifteen million shares of common
Mock. Tli is new organization owns all
the shipbuilding property that was in
the old company with the exception
of the Harlan & Hollingsworth Com
pany of Wilmington, Del., and the
Union Iron Works of this d%y. — Ex
cerpt from interview wltu Charles M.
Schwab.
IRKUTSK, Sept. 25.— The Circum-
Baikal Railway opened to-day.
\u25a0• W. v A. Galbralth, Knoxvllle; Mr? TV A
Galbraith. Knoxvllle: \V. T. Ellis, Greensboro'.
N. ,C; Ralph Mountcestle, Knoxvllle- Miss
In*z Rusiell. Knoxvllle; Clyde Russell Knox
vllle; Cory Knight, Dandrldge. Tenn.: W A
Stephenson. Omaha: John Conner. Roanoke
Va.; D. S. Fox. Birmingham. Ala.; J. M. Ad
klns, Jellico. Tenn.; Mrs. - J. B. Gass Knox
ville; Mrs. W. C. Haddlx, Knoxvllle; James
Bird. Jefferson City. Tenn.; Mrs. R. B Well
Jefferson. City, Tenn.; Ed. de Grout, Johnson
City. Tenn.; John Glenn, Morristown, Tenn •
Dr. A. Crawford. Bardstown. Ky.; E. S Hor
ner, Morrlstown. Tenn. ; George Lee. Carroll
ton. Ky. ; J.sfi. Plummer, Chapel Hlil N. C*
K. O. Ernst.' Johnson City, T«nn.; John Black'
-.Vhlto Pine.- Tenn.: Mrs. W. B. Crawford. Mo
hawk, Tenn.; J. R. Rhea. Whltesburg Tenn \u25a0
W. 8. HUl. Jellico. Tenn.; Mrs. Laura-- Hill'
Gaffney, S.C.; — t— . Hill, 7 years old. daughter
of Mrs. Laura Hill; Miss Sarah Hill. Gaffney
S. C\: 15-months-old boy, thought ttt be son of
Mrs. Laura "Hill: Mrs. Fannie McEwen Kno.x
ville: in. .B. Godwin, Jefferson City " Tenn •
Mrs. C. K. Russell, Knoxvllle; Mlndora Ash
more, Knoxvllle: William Jones, Knoxvllle'
J. J.. Daniel. Turleys Mill. Tenn; G N Par
>rott,^Knoxvin«;,' Annie - Haylow, t Birmingham,
Ala.;. Mrs. Delia Gretn, Sylvia, N. C; \V R
Kane.': Knoxvllle,^engineer west bound train-*
W.".H. Spencer." Arcadia, Fla.; Mrs \u25a0 J -a'
Tertian*. KnoxvilJe;. Roy MeMahan "Newport"
Tenn;; Mrs. Nancy J. Rumley, Wautega T^nn \
Mrs.'i George Klnzell, Knoxvllle; Rev -Isaac
Emery, Knoxvllle; Miss Copp, Knoxvllle' Mel
ville P. Gant, Shelby; N. a;. CM. He'iskell
Memphis. Tenn.; J. M1119. colored. fireman-
Charles Carson. . colored. Telford. Tenn. ; Ncd
Miller, colored. Greenville. Tenn.; .William
Cunningham, colored." Cltico, Tenn: ; " August
Gaw. . colored, Greenville, , Tenn. ; two • white
men, unidentified; 2-year-old girl, unknown
unknown, necro. -\u25a0-,,• ',
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept 25.— The
.death list as a result of the wreck on
Hhe Southern Railway near Newmar
ket, Saturday, has grown to-night to
sixty-two and it probably will exceed
seventy before Tuesday, as many of
the lnjured\are in a serious condition
and more deaths will occur in the hos
pital. To-day-there were six deaths in
that institution, the last one occur
ring at 8 o'clock to-night, when M.'P.
Gant,, a prominent resident of Shelby,
N. C, passed away. Others who died
in -the hospital were the two colored
firemen, two little girls and Nep- Miller,
colored, of Johnson City. To the ap
pended corrected list of dead % there
must be added an unknown infant,
found to-day at the scene of the wreck,
and two other unidentified bodies.
The list of dead up to 10 o'clock is
as follows:
DEAD NUMBER SIXTY-TWO.
Dr. Felt was the only physician on
the wrecked Western Express of the
New York Central, and he ministered
to the wounded for a half hour before
the arrival of phvsicians, although
himself severely hurt. Mrs. Smith,
Mrs. Felt's sister, had to be chopped
out from under wreckage. Dr.' Felt
said:
"Our party was in berths on the left
side of the-scar, which was the last,
save one, in 1 the train. I was awak
ened by the bumping -and knew we
were derailed, but as the speed was
slow..\I calmed the women. As I began
dressing there came a crash against
the side of the car. This, I afterward
learned, was a freisrht -esglne. It tore
the left side of the car completely
away, and carried me out with it. I
found mvself under the engine. Feel
ing about the side of the engine I came
intoipontact with a board. I tore this
away and made ' an opening ?iwide
enough to crawl out. I heard that*. the
conductor signaled the freight train
with a Docket electric lamp and suc
ceeded-thereby in checking the speed
of the train." *\u25a0< \u25a0 ' : :«
A party of three — Dr. Ray Felt, Mrs.
Felt and Mrs. Paul F. Smith, all of Eu
reka, Cal.— who were on the sleeper
and who were shaken and bruised,
stopped here and are receiving atten
tion at the "hotel. i
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Sept. 25.—Sev
eral persons were injured, one fatally.
In a wreck on the New York Central
Railroad a short' distance east of Lyons
early this morning:. ;Mrs. Newman
ETbs*. wife of the vice president of the
Pere Marqiiette Railroad, who >vas
brought here with both legs cut^off,
died at the hospital. Erbs was bruised
and injured internjally. '.'. '„ "j, / >*''.
•"^Richard : Heahy" . of , San Francisco?* a
brewer, was cut and bruised.. \u25a0 \
. Three sleepers on the Western ex
press, a fast train bound ;f.t'om New
York to Chicago, left the track because
of a split rail and. threw the passengers
to the floors of the coaches. Just as the
train came to a standstill a fast freight
train eastbound ran into the derailed
cars.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Finally Wounded and Arrested — Militia
'After His Companions, Who Will
Be Lynched If Captured.
Wife of the Pere Marqnette's Vice
President Is Mangled Under
the Wheels
Millionaire Comes From the East in
Private Car With Party
of Friends.
Receiver of United States
Shipbuilding Trust Is
Witn Him.
Terrific Fighting Brings Japanese
Line Closer to the Inner
Defenses.
Besiegers Capture Fortifica
tions Guarding Source
of Supply.
Dr. Felt of Eureka, Himself
iDjured, Aids in Res
cuing Ocbers.
Kills Malio Deputy Sluerlll
and Fatally Hurts
Another.
Galifornians in New
York Central
Wreck.
Port Arthur Paces
. a Shortage of
L Water.
Auction to Be Attend
ed by Steel Mag
nate Schwab.
Marauding Tramp
Turns Tables on
Pursuers.
SPLIT RAIL
SENDS CARS
INTO DITCH
MAY BUY
THE UNION
IRON WORKS
SHOOTS TWO
BEFORE HE
IS DOWNED
ALTON & PARKER ISSUES
HIS FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION
FORTS WON
BY NIPPON
WARRIORS
With the purpose of forcing the war with Japan to a speedy termination, the Czar has taken steps to reorganize and reinforce the fighting force in the Far East. A second army is to be created un
der command of General Grippenberg, a veteran of many wars, and it is expected that within a comparatively short time an army aggregating 600,000 to 700,000 men will be ready to take the aggressive
against the Japanese. It is believed that Grand Duke Nicholas Michaelovitch will be made commander in chief of the Eussian armies>jn the Far East, with a soldier of more varied experience as his chief of
staff. Severe fighting at Port Arthur is reported to have taken place on September 19-21 and several important strongholds are said to have been captured by the Japanese, who shut off the garrison's water
supply. Heavy firing was heard also on September 24, but details of the fighting at this time are lacking.
CZAR WILL SEND HALF-MILLION MEN TO THE FRONT;
JAPANESE, SHUT OFF PORT ARTHUR'S WATER SUPPLY
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
THE TESATSSS.
Alcazar— "Soldiers of Fortune."
California — "By Wgbt of
Sword."
r^ntral— "The Sanitea."
» mtes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — ""Wizard of Ox.**
Fischer's — "Kiss Mazuma."
Grand— "York State Folks."
Majestic— "Captain Barrtajrton."
Orpaeum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "The Serenade."
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 118.
The San Francisco Call.
THE WEATHIE.
Forecast made at Son Fran
cisco 'lor thirty hours endiajr
midnight, September 36:
San rraacisco and vicinity —
Showers Monday; fresh south*
west wind.
Q. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily to Chargre.A Japanese bride gives her wedding
presents to : her parents as . a slight
recompense for * the trouble they ' have
had in rearing her. \u25a0 <
Until October 13 the Santa Fe ( wlll sell
round-trip tickets from San Francisco to
Yosemlte Valley for $25 90.
This. round trip Includes all the fa
mous sights, the big trees, the stupen
dous cliffs and the great waterfalls.
Revts from the Valley are it is unu
sually beautiful and attractive. Now Is
the time to go. Just after the rain.
Hundreds of people are now going. Daily
stages from Merced connect with Santa
Fe morning trains .from San Francisco.
Full Information and, folder at 641
Market street, Santa Fe office, •
Reduced Rates Via'tbe Santa Fe.
YOSEM1TE VALLEY.
NEW YORK, Sept. 251 — Louis
Fleischman, the millionaire baker and
philanthropist, died here early to-day,
at his home . in West Seventy-seventh
street, of paralysis.
Fleischmann fought in the war, of
1S66 against the Prussians and won dis
tinction. He "remained , in the army
until 1874, when \u25a0 he resigned to emi
grate to America!^ He' opened a model
bakery in New York soon afterward
and on Christmas, 1878, he established
the unique charity., known as ; the
"bread line," and ever since he has
distributed unsold bread nightly to all
who have applied.
Fleischman also, established an em
ployment v bureau; w,ent \ personally
among the unfortunates m his "bread
line" night after night and found w8rk
for them. , - . - •
It was intimated to-night that the
end \ was expected to come within
twenty-four hours.
WORCESTER, Mass^~Sept. 25.— The
family of Senator George F. Hoar, jvyho
has been dangerously ill -for several
weeks, to-night Issued a bulletin show
ing that the Senator is gradually suc
cumbing to the effects of his long ill
ness. Only the immediate . members of
the Senator's family are admitted to
the sick chamber and he spends most
of his time asleep. The.oulletin reads:
"Senator Hoar has been weaker since
Friday, passing most of his time in
sleep and refusing to take his medicine
or nourishment. If this condition does
not improve it will have a serious ef
fect upon his little remaining strength.
If the condition continues he may last
several days." .
Americans May Own the Railroads.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 25. — It is report
ed in Chinese quarters here that meas
ures are in progress looking to the
restoration to American ownership of
the Canton-Hankow Railroad.
General Grippenberg was educated at
home and passed through no military
school. He won his first commission
while fighting in defense of Sebastopol
and then came into prominence in , the
campaigns in Turkestan In 1863 and
1868, where he won the St. George
cross and was promoted to a*captain
cy. He was severely wounded in this
campaign. He went into the Turkish
war as a colonel and as a reward for
his service was appointed aide-de
camp to the Emperor. He again won
the St. George cross and was promoted
to the rank of major general. He be
came a lieutenant general in 1S90, a
general of infantry in 1901, and re
cently was appointed general aide-de
camp to the Emperor. .. ..
While General Grippenberg's distin
guished war record is sufficient to ex
plain the appointment, it is believed
that Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky's rec
ommendation did a great deal in that
direction. The Prince . and General
Grippenberg served several • years in
Vilna, the former as Governor General
and the latter as commander-in-chief
of .the troops there. The appointment
is none the less a surprise,
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 25. — Gen
eral Grippenberg, commander of the
second army, is ten years older than
General Kuropatkin, but ranks three
numbers lower in the list of . generals.
General Gripp^nberg Is a Lutheran in
religion. He is married and. has three
children. One son, a captain of artil
lery, was wounded in the battle of
Liaoyang.
GRIPPEXBERG'S WAR RECORD.
Won His First Commission In the De
fense of Sebastopol.
TOKIO, Sept. 25. — Prince Charles of
Hohenzollern arrived here to-day and
was given an official welcome. He
will meet certain high Japanese offi
cials to-morrow, after which he will
Join the Japanese forces in the field.
Prince to View the AVar Game.
During the night the heavy bombard
ment of the Russian positions contin
ued, the Japanese fire being directed
with particular vigor against another
supplementary fort 3000 yards - to the
west of the fort, on Itz Mountain and
regarded as highly Important because
of its bearing on the Itz and Anshu
Mountain forts. The next day, after
having pounded this position unmerci
fully, and until its fire had slackened
visibly, the Japanese delivered their
assault. They met with a stubborn re
sistance. They were exposed to the
fire of machine guns and rifles, and
they made frantic efforts to reach the
crestof. the slope. They leaped over
trenches and - embankments and tore
down the entanglements' in their path
until, at length they entered the fort.
The Russian troops there refused to
desert their position,. even in the face
of the superior numbers which con
fronted them, and desperate hand-to
hand fighting occurred inside the fort.
Eventually almost the entire Russian
garrison was either killed or wounded.
Military experts here are of the opin
ion that if the Japanese capture either
the Rihlung or Kikwan forts or the Itz
now threatened from a new quarter,
as well as from Palichuang.
At 5 o'clock -on the afternoon of the
20th the Japanese captured a supple
mentary fort, which from the lower
ground threatens the fort on Itz Moun
tain. This ended the heavy fighting v for
that day, , although the Japanese later
were compelled to rbsist several sorties.
SENATOR HOAR
FAST SINKING
The weather has become settled and
the season of the year Is now coming,
with prospects of a warm, dry autumn.
MUKDEN, Sept. 25. — The halt in
active operations around Mukden Is
believed* to 'be due not only to the
.fatigue of the Japanese troops and the
slowness in getting up necessary ad
ditional supplies, but to a distinct un
derstanding between the Chinese and
Japanese that there shall be n<\ blood
shed near the "Holy City." where' the
Chinese Emperors are buried.'. It is
expected, however, that' there will be
fighting north or northeast of Mukden,
possibly on a larger scale even than at
Liaoyang.
CHINA'S HOLY CITY SPARED.
.Japanese Annies AVill Not Force a
Battle at Mukden.
Continued From Page I, Column 4.
FORTS WOS BY NIPPON WARRIORS
PORT SAID. Sept. 25. — The Rus
sian volunteer fleet steamships Smo
lensk and St. Petersburg, the former
with 350 tons of coal, and the latter
with 100 tons of coal, have sailed
from here, ostensibly for Libau. The
orders to the British cruiser Furious
to be in readiness to sail on two hours'
notice have been canceled.
As the Chinese from whom the corre
spondent obtained the foregoing infor
mation left Port Arthur on the night of
September 2i,..he is unable to say
whether the battle was renewed on the
22d or not, although junks which have
come in here bring reports of a light
bombardment on that day.
A steamship which has arrived here
from Port Dalny confirms previous re
ports that there was heavy fighting at
Port Arthur on September 24.
\u2666
Raiders Returning to Llbau.
and Antsu forts the doom of Port Ar
thur Is sealed, and for this reason the
importance of the results obtained by
the Japanese in their. latest assaults
upon the Russian positions is obvious.
The Japanese are throwing up strong
intrenchment at Bentsiaputze and are
massing troops there, showing the
great importance they attach to the
protection of their right flank against
the masses of Russian cavalry, which
were sent out to guard aguinst any
surprises on the part of the Japanese.
It has been learned that the torpedo
boat destroyer Ryeshitelni sank while
being towed away by the Japanese, a
fact that causes great rejoicing in th»
navy.
To Generals Meyerdorff and Bllder
ling has been confided the responsibil
ity of stopping' General Kuroki. ,As
General Meyerdorff commands the
troops from the St.' Petersburg district^
the keenest interest is felt here as to
the results. ••„ •' '\u25a0/; "'-'^
General Kurokl is again displaying
great activity, endeavoring to circle
around the Russian left flank ana
threaten the line of retreat, in the
meantime avoiding carefully the pre
pared Russian defenses. Havingcrossed
the Hun River, much higher up thai,
the Fushan ford, he is taking a direct
line to Tie Pass. His intention is to
repeat his Liaoyang tactics. There is
seme delay in this forward move
ment, owing to the extensive prepa
rations necessary in trying onceagain
to force a decisive battle.
This deposes General Kuropatkin
from the position of commander-in
chief, for in the future he ranks on an
equal footing with General Grippen
berg.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 25. — The
sensation of the day is the publication
of an imperial ukase, in which the
Emperor announces that, as the Jap
anese have shown such unexpected
fighting powers, it is necessary for
Russia to create a second army, the
command of which he gives to Gen
eral Grippenberg, a man of immense
experience arflJ exceedingly active. In
ppite of his 66 years. He is at present
the commander of the Vilna district.
Czar Sends Autograph Ix?tter to the
Veteran of the Crimea.
GKII'PEXBEKG'S SELECTION.
remain in chai ge of the Amur district,
including the defences of Vladivostok.
General Kuropatkin deems it wise
to make public unofficial advices which
indicate that Marquis Oyama Is slow
ly continuing to advance. His ten
dency seems to be to the northeast.
This may be prompted by recognition
of China's superstitious reverence for
Mukden, the Japanese being anxious
to remain on the best terms with the
Chinese. It is also likely that the pres
ence of the Hun River in front of Muk
den has convinced the Japanese of the
impossibility, from a strategic point
of view, of making a frontal attack,
while if they succeed in gaining a foot-
Ing at Fu Pass or some other point on
the north side of the river and north
of Mukden, they will render Kuropat
kin's position practically untenable and
force him to evacuate without fighting,
retire northward and give battle else
where, should he decide to contest the
Japanese advance.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26.— The
reiteration of the now ramiliar official
statement that the military situation
is unchanged is believed to indicate
merely that, in view of the shifting of
the forces, the probability of fresh im
portant developments there is not im
minent.
Again Striking at the Russian line of
Communications.
was chairman of the Republican State
Central Committee. He was the last
surviving member of the first Califor
nia Legislature and also of the first
California constitutional convention. He
was a president of the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers and a member of the
Board of Regents of the University of
California. He was ; identified with
the Mechanics' Institute in the period
of its greatest activity. He was a
member of the Masonic order and a
Knight Templar. He was a large owner
of shipping property. In all enterprises
in which he engaged and in all connec
tions that enlisted his activity he made
himself felt as a positive and clear
headed man.
Mr. Cornwall's eyes began to fail a
few years ago. This necessitated his
dropping several business responsibili
ties, but he still retained his interests
in others. Four children survive — Mrs.
Florence C. Moore, Mrs. Edward Fish
er, Arthur R. Cornwall and Bruce
Cornwall.
Arthur W. Cornwall, the eldest son
of P. B. Cornwall, is the best known
coal expert on the Pacific Coast, hold
ing the position of manager of the
Black Diamond Coal Company for
twenty years. He resigned last year,
when the company was absorbed by
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
NAPLES, Sept. 25.— The eruption of.
Mount Vesuvius continues to Increase
in force and is now more violent than
at any time since 1872.
Redhot stones are hurled to a height
of 1600 feet, falling down the flanks of
the mountain with a deafening sound.
Lava flowing from the crater has
melted the metal of the Funicular
Railway, destroyed the upper station
and burned the wooden huts in which
guides live. All vegetation within a
radius of one mile of the crater has
disappeared.
Several earthuakea were felt to-day.
Learns at Last That She Faces a Pow
erful Adversary.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— Interest in the
fate of Port Arthur has grown so keen
as to overshadow the significance of
Russia's decision to organize a second
army, which, as the Daily Telegraph
remark?, together with the Emperor's
remarkable letter to General GriDDen
berg. shows that Russia at last has
awakened to the magnitude of her task
and the character of her foe. It is as
sumed by the paper that General Ku
roki is carrying out some important
Srning movement, but owing to the se
ecy of the Japanese it is regarded as
useless to indulge in speculation. \u25a0
.The Daily Telegraph's St. Petersburg:
correspondent regards the Emperor's
rescript as a brilliant victory for Vice
roy Alexieff and declares that the real
reason for the Emperor's decision was
General Kuropatkin's failrue to carry
out his plans at Liaoyang.
General Grippenberg will leave for
the front the middle of October. It is
now evident that General Linevitch will
It is agreed by the ablest military
men here that, should Nicholas be ap
pointed, despite the fact that his ex
perience has been as a cavalry com
mander, the selection of bis chief of
Ftaff will become a matter of supreme
importance. A counselor with wide
actual experience In general command
will become an imperative necessity.
Generals DragomirofL Vorentzoff and
Soupareffsky, veterans and heroes of
the Turkish war, are mentioned for the
port. - » j
Grand Duke Nicholas is still a young
man— not yet 45— with much of his
father's dash, energy and resolution.
There is reason to believe that, even
with the memory of the horrors of the
Shipka winter campaign against the
Turks, of which he was the witness as
a young captain of cavalry, he would
favor a winter campaign against the
Japanese.
The dispatch of the Grand Duke as
cemmander of both armies would ac
cord with the traditions of the Roman
off dynasty, a member «f which Im
perial family has always been in com
mand in all of Russia's great wars.
There are various reports regarding
Viceroy Alexleff's ultimate destiny. It
is declared in some quarters that he
will be recalled and Grand Duke Nich
olas become Viceroy as well as cora
• mander in chief. It is also said upon
apparent equal authority that Alexieff
will return as Chancellor of the Em
pire, succeeding Count Lamsdorff.
* None of these reports are definitely
•confirmed.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 26. — The
Sei-cmd Army, which General Grippen
berp will command, is now being
mobilized for immediate dispatch to
the Far East The Emperor is person
ally convinced that the political as
veil as the military prestige of the
empire is at stake and that every
f m other consideration must give way be
fore'the exigencies of war. The. re
sources of the empire in men- ami
. money must be drained, if necessary,
in order to turn the scale and vindi
cate the iiuv.it of Russia. The reor
ganization amounts to formal notice
to the world, as the Emperor frankly
explains in his rescript, that he in
tends to vastly increase the number of
troops at the theater of war, in
. order to force the struggle to a suc
cessful issue in the shortest possible
lime. It is intended to silence def
• Inilely all talk of foreipn'intervention
by the announcement that Russia
means to fight out the issue with Ja
• pan on the field of battle.
• Probably 300.000 additional men
will be placed in the field. Five
corps — the Third, Fourth, Fifth,
Eighth and Sixteenth — are already
'destined for the front, and the talk
is that five more corps will be sent
.forward.
Eventually the creation of this sec
ond army involves the selection of a
o commander-in-chief. Not only js there
jjo intimation in the rescript that Gen
eral Kuropatkin will have command
o of both armies, but he is distinctly
placed upon the same footing as Gen
eral Grippenberg. In the best in
formed circles there is little idea that
Viceroy Alexieff, the present nominal
commander-in-chief. will exercise the
actual functions of commander of the
• toO. 000 or 700,000 men that Russia
has resolved to nut in the field.
It is the best opinion that Grand
Lhike Nicholas Michaelovitch, inspec
tor general of cavalry, will attain the
high command, occupying in the war
with Japan the position held by his
father in the war with Turkey.
Nicholas Micharlovitch Probably Will
Direct the Russian Armies.
GBAXD DUKE TO COMMAND.
The Black Diamond Coal Mining Com
pany, the Uellingham Bay and British Co
lumbia, Railroad, the California Electric
Light Company and the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company were organized or
promoted by him. He had a wide grasp
on commercial problems and remark
able foresight, and his ventures . were
correspondingly satisfactory.
Active in business, Mr. Cornwall
found time for attending to other in
terests. Never seeking office for him
self, he was a hard worker for the suc
cess of Republicanism in California. He
Even before the gold was discovered
at Coloma he, with several others,
planned to come to the Pacific Coast.
He made up a party including six, one
of whom was his brother, and the ad
venturous young men journeyed to
gether to California, where they ar
rived in 1848. Many hardships were ex
perienced on the way.. The mines had
just, begun to attract attention. For a
time mining was followed; but soon Mr.
Cornwall organized a general mercan
tile business at Sacramento. Good busi
ness ability and rare opportunities
made a success of this venture. After
ten years he came to San Francisco,
where he lived and conducted various
enterprises for nearly half a century.
Pierre Barlow Cornwall was born in
Delaware County, New York, Novem
ber 23, 1821, and was educated there.
From his early youth he manifested
marked aptitude for business. He was
first connected in commerce with a
commission and shipping, house in Buf
falo, N. Y.
P. B. Cornwall, pioneer man of af
fairs, died at his residence in this city
at 10:20 o'clock last night. All of the
members of his family were at his'bed
side, as he had been In a comatose
condition all day and death was ex
pected.
Mr. Cornwall caught a severe cold
about a week ago, and its invasion was
so profound that at his advanced age
his heart was overtaxed and he did
not rally..
RUSSIA HAS AWAKENED.
GREAT FRIEND
OF NEW YORK'S
POOR IS DEAD
In all ppf>j-£tT7'i:i r Siu Ffanri»co fc.
destined to^Bave' fain for sc»:ne tijna.
A portion 'at \L<- ;?r;nt mlv oiou'is that
have hovered" over th\! city hare ]j;tps«d^
inland, but there apg gtill many out
side the heads, coming' hlthen It is
impossible to ascertain the exact area
of the oncoming rain section, as the'
\ wires between Eureka and this city
are out of service. The storm hovers
over Eureka and has broken commu
nication. • . - ; . i
The trend "of the clouds is north
ward, with a gentle breeze from the
south. It is not probable that the
breeze will freshen, 'although outside
[ the heads there is a stiff wind. This
may dissipate the clouds. There is "a
pcssibility of thunder and lightning,
and should the southeasterly winds
freshen there may be heavy storms.
Yesterday Sacramento was visited by
a heavy thunderstorm, the clouds mov
ing rapidly toward Oregon. *
G. H. Willson, "tai charge of the
Weather Bureau during the absence of
Professor McAdie. gives out the fol
lowing rainfall by inches up to 5
o'clock last night:
Red Bluff, 4.81; Sacramento, 8.54;
San Francisco, 4.80; San Luis Obispo,
3.24; Fresno, 1.13; L.os Angeles, .28,
and a trace of rain. in San Diego. The
rainfall In San Francisco for twenty
four hours up to 5 o'clock last night
was .30 of an inch.
'j \u25a0 •
That Storm ]V'eniHEJ.(l.
Weather Bdrcau /folds Out No Hope
RAIN WILL STAY A WHI^E.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 25. — The
heaviest September rainstorm, on rec
ord and one of the heaviest that ever
visited Santa Barbara County ended
this morning. The rainfall in this
city, according to various registers,
was from 6.20 to 6.50 inches. This
was the heaviest reported from any
point in the. county, though at many
other places the precipitation amount
ed to six inches or more, and no place
reports less than four inches.
It is believed much damage to beans
will result from the excessive rainfall.
Almost the entire crop was lying :n
the fields in this and Ventura counties
awaiting the thrashers. The extent of
the damage cannot be stated at this
time. Should clearing weather follow,
as now seems likely, the danger of
1< ss will be lessened.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 25. — Twenty
three hundredths *of an inch of rain
fell in this city early this morning
and the weather continues favorable
Tor further precipitation. Very lif.'e,
it imy, damage will result to b^ans
aivJ grapes from to-day's showers.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 25. — The
precipitation for the storm ending •thi3
even:i.«g amounts to 2.83 inches. Tho
carnage to beans, hay, grain and
tjiryes is considerable, although a. \v.'t
spell was, anticipated by many, and
preparation Trnatie for .it.' .If season^
t\hln wruthcjT,- continues ,the.-dalry "rir
terests of thii:'co\mty. will be beiiefl«eo,.
Although the dry feed is ruined.- th'i
green feed will spring up very quickly.
STOCKTON, Sept. 25.— Whatever
chance the bean growers and table
grape men may have had to reap part
of their crap was dissipated to-day.
During the night there was a terrific
downpour, and this afternoon the
floodgates of heaven were again
opened. Rain, accompanied by thun
der and lightning, fairly poured down.
There was some hope that clearing
weather would give the. growers a
chance to harvest some small portion
of their beans and table grapes, but
with half the crop of grapes still to
harvest and all the beans, there ap
pears to. be a total loss. It is be
lieved that even wine grapes will be
damaged. It is estimated that the
loss will reach half a_ milHon-<U j^.; rs
in this coup*7.~"
BOULDER CREEK, Sept 25. — This
place was visited by a most destructive
storm early this morning. Thunder
roared- and. lightning blasted and a
cyclonic wind ) stripped all the fruit
from the trees "and nearly ruined the
grape crop. The rain fell in torrents,
the rain gauge measuring ,1.10 inches
for one hour's downpour. The
vineyardists will be heavy losers. The
apple crop is practically destroyed.
MERCED, Sept. 25. — The precipita
tion for the storm is two inches. The
greatest damage in this section was
done to the dry feed. There was no
exposed grain. C-' - -*'. ;
Grapes on the vine will not be
greatly damaged if no more rain falls.
Considerable drying fruit was spoiled,
but the greater part of the crop had
been disposed of. Beans, which are
grown to only a small extent, are bad
ly damaged. Alfalfa hay in the field
suffered somewhat, and fig growers
are heavy losers. .
Rain Falls in Los Angeles
•but Does Little Damage, as
Precipitation Is Less Than
a Quarter of an Inch
OLD VESUVIUS
GROWS VIOLENT
Mrs. Melick waa stricken with paral
ysis about two years ago and has been
deprived of the power of speech ever
since. Lately she has been subject to
spells of heart failure. It became ap
parent several days ago that Mrs. Me
lick's end was near, so her son at Car
penteria •was sent for. He arrived last
Friday and with his father has been
at her bedside ever since.
Several weeks ago Secretary Melick
had a severe attack of intestinal trou
ble. The Sacramento physicians prac
tically gave up his case as hopeless
and ordered him sent to the Santa
Rosa sanatorium. To-day Clyde Melick
called up Santa Rosa by telephone and
requested that Walter be Informed
that his mother was dying. The hos
pital attendants replied that Walter
himself waJL In such a precarious con
dition thatvit was not deemed safe
to Impart to him the sad news from
Los Angeles.
It is now feared that the mother and
son may pass away together or that
the one will not survive the other very
long.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 25.— Walter S^
Melick, secretary of the State Board of
Examiners, is reported dying in a san
atorium at Santa Rosa. His aged
mother is lying at the point of death
at her home on North Workman street,
this city. Clyde Melick of Carpenteria,
only brother of Walter, has been sum
moned to his mother's bedside. He
stated to-night that he had little hope
or the recovery of either his mother
or his brother.
OYAMA FLANKING MUKDEN.
TOKIO, Sept. 25.— An increasing
feeling of sobriety and seriousness
marks the popular attitude toward the
war. It la doubtful that the masses
appreciated in tffe beginning the seri
ousness of the 'task of expelling Rus
sia from Manchuria. They had an
easy confidence in the ability of the
army and navy to reduce the fortress
of Port Arthur, destroy the Russian
fleet and crush General Kuropatkin.
The prolongation of the siege, the
losses before Port Arthur and General
Kuropatkin's escape at Liaoyang have
brought a general appreciation of the
magnitude of the national task and dis
sipated the growing hopes of an early
peace, based on the confidence of
sweeping victories.
Events at Port Arthur" and Liaoyang
have impressively warned the Japanese
people to prepare for a long and try
ing war. Confidence in the final out
come, however, remains unshaken and
the nation has resolutely and deter
minedly settled down, prepared to
make sacrifices and pay the price that
success demands. » •
The strain of war and the drain
upon the country's resources have not
yet been felt to any extent among the
people. Some lines of business are suf
fering, but the aggregate foreign and
domestic trade exceeds that of 1903.
The crops, particularly rice, are the
largest ever grown. Death from
wounds and sickness has overtaken
thousands of soldiers, but their vacant
places have been quickly filled. The
supply of able-bodied men anxious to
fight equals all possible demands. Mu
nitions, supplies and money in hand
indicate the ability of the country to
wage war without embarrassment ana
vigorously for another year. The com
pletion during the winter of a light
railway between Antung and Liaoyang
will give the army three lines of sup
plies.
There is general confidence in the
ability of Field Marshal Marquis
Oyama to drive General Kuropatkin
Into Harbin and to successfully resist
a reinvasion of Manchuria. The early
possession of Port Arthur also is con
fidently expected. .
There is no gloom among the people.
They are simply sobered in the face of
the great and unfinished task.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 190*. by th« New York
lieraU l'uLi.t!n:.t Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 25.— The ;
Emperor has appointed General Grip- |
p'enberg, commanding the troops at,
Valina, to command the Second Man
churian Artillery. -- <
Emperor Nicholas has sent the fol
lowing autograph letter to General
Giippenbcrg:
•The intense energy with which Jap- ;
an is conducting the war and the stub
bornness and high warlike qualities
dispiayed by the Japanese impel me
to considerably strengthen the force*
at the front in order to attain decisive
success in the shortest passible time.
Since by this increase tae units will
reach a figure making their continu- |
ance in one army impossible without ,
prejudice to the proper direction, man
euvering and mobility of the troops,
I have found it necessary to divide the
active forces in Manchuria into two
armies, leaving one in the hands of
General Kuropatkin. I appoint you
to command the second. Your many
years' eervice^in warliKe exploits and
your experience in training troops as
sure me that you, following the gen
eral direction of the commander in
chief, will be successful, and lead to
the attainment of the objects of the
war the army intrusted to you.
"God bless you for your great and
glorious services to me and to Rus
sia.
"Ever vour affectionate.
rXICHOLAS."
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 25. — For
eign Minister Count Lamsdorff has, It
Is announced, wired instructions to
Count Benckendorff, the Russian Em
bassador to Great Britain, to confer
with Foreign Secretary Lansdowne
with a view of modification of the
Anglo-Tibetan treaty, which has not
yet been ralined by China. Count
Benckendorff is authorized by these
instructions to lodge a strong protest
if Great Britain refuses to consider
Russia's objections to the treaty,
which, it is understood, refers exclu
sively to article IX of the draft of the
convention.
PARIS, Sept. 25. — Information
reaching the highest quarters here in
dicates that Russia will probably re
quest Great Britain for a protocol de
fining British intentions in Tibet. It
is confirmed that Great Britain and
Russia had written understandings
relative to the British expedition! at
Tibet. It was at first supposed that
the recent British-Tibetan treaty car
ried out this understanding, but the
publication of the text of the treaty
h-ads to the belief in Russian, official
circles tht Great Britain seeks a poli
tical foothold beyond the terms of the
understanding. Therefore representa
tions have been made with the view or
securing a protocol exactly defining
and limiting the British sphere. This
is expected to be accomplished by an
amicable exchange of notes, not in
volving a renewal of the Anglo-Run
sian tension.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIGHTNING FLASHES
AND THUNDER ROARS
News of Illness of Parent
Is Kept From Son for Fear
Shock Would Kill Him
Russia Suspects Brit
ain of a Breach
of Faith.
Placed on Equal Foot
ing With Chief of
- the First.
Confident,; However,
of Final Triumph
Over Russia.
Bonlder' Creek Visited by a
Storm That Destroys Apple
Crop— Heavy Loss to Vine
yardists of the Vicinity
EELATIVES AWAIT END
Death Hovers Over Secretary
JJIelick of State Board of
Examiners and His Jlother
Grippenberg to Lead
the Second Man
churian Army.
Anglo - Tibetan Pact
May Lead to Com
plications.
Japan Now Realizes
the Magnitude of
Her Task.
KUROPATKIN LOSES SUPREME COMMAND
HIGH WIND
TEARS FRUIT
FROM TREES
BOTH MAY DIE
ANY MOMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1904
Last Surviving Member First California
Legislature, Famous Republican Leader
ii: and a King/ of Commerce, Passes Av/ay
PIERRE B. CORNWALL, CAPITALIST
AND PIONEER LAWMAKER, IS DEAD
NOTED PIONEER ' LEGISLATOR
AND CAPITALIST. WHO DIED
LAST NIGHT IN THIS CITY. _
2
APVERTTSEJUEXTS.
A Sign
Of poor blood circulation is shortness of
breath after walking, eolcg. upstairs,
sweeping, singing, excitement, anger,
fright, etc Poor blood circulation means
a sick heart, and a sick heart is a result
of "weak and Impoverished nerves.
Every one knows the results of poor
blood circulation, but everybody does not
know that the quickest and safest treat-
ment is Dr. Mile*! New Heart Cure.
If you find these symptoms present,
you should not neglect them, but at once
procure a bottle of
Dr. Miles'
New Heart. Cure
It will cure, and at a very little expense,
compared with doctors' bills. We are so
sure of it, that If first bottle does not
benefit your druc&ist will • return your
money. It will do for yon what It has
done for thousands in like condition.
"For two months I walked on the edge
cf'the tomb from weak heart, poor blood
circulation and nervous prostration. Dr.
MUes* New Heart Cure and Nervine gave
JnVbkck my^calth/'-REV. W % A. BOB-
IKS. Port Elfin, Ont, — . -
-•\u25a0 ' APVEirriSKMEXTS. .
Lei/Your^
— - the Cob! hod. Ik's no
occupation for a Woman.
Gas Cooking* is vt*l
' 6o per cent jwl*.
cheaper Quna&'r^'wwl
' tand doctor: tills. ""^^L ' ;j
Ruy a Gas Rang? From j
_ .-r- '\u25a0 --...' - - J "*" —"\u25a0» *" -* J
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
_ ADVERTTSOtEyTS.
7oO\ An Excellent
m\XPoeHET
BlA I N My Price
1 i|oo
Several shapes and styles and your
choice of handle, including pearl.
A GOOD BAZOB as low as 81 .OO-
Also other grades, andoll at moder-
ate prices.
STAB SAPSTT BAZOB — Regular
$2.00 kind, I sell for §1.^5.
BAZOB STBOPS— As low as S5c.
--Razors honed and ground. Hontnar.
23c
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap. 1oc-
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MABCTT STREET, Opp. Tilth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
dvisiT DR. JORDAN'S qreatl)
Museum of anatohy^
A gb 1851 mint BT.trt. t\\k?X U.Cri. A
A aa^kiLi W«rl4. W«tmiiii •* tmj c*amcte<t g
O /££fal Spe«i«ii« •« «*• C»ut. E»Lj4yr«rv (>
A h*$l\ OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN i .
O I jStl W Tr««tiner.t perjon»'iy or by \m~t. A A
W A y <jl B J*ulmt An Is 2»«rj cum ndcTtakra. T
A F J HA WHM to Bort. r \u25a0"-•••PBT «r A
Y • II \\ V BAR BUIiC. M AIL»» FltM. (Af
X Q It MlMbi* b»« <•' \u25a0*«) X
DU ' JoaDA * ACO.1M1 M.rfcKSt.S. F .¥
IERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTIOH
R WEAK WO MEM.
|ASTHMANOLA|
In tit* only cure for V«rrous and
Bronchial ASTSXA.
Tour DrurgUt or at OM HAIGHT ST .
S*n Franctoc<\ Cai.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBXSK A3BT> 8AX.T KEATS.
Ik* BOYES & CO. ****** Butcher-. 1M
«l/t_. UU1LJ u vv» Clay. T»L Main lift*.
LEAXT HOOFS JLSTD SXTZaQSTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1176-lt78 Mimlon «t. Phone Main MO. .-.,-\u25a0
OZZiS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD * FTULXa.
413 Front «.. S. F. Phone vtytw uu
VBnrexarch --f. PRESCOTT. Ariz., Sept. 25. — An ex
plosion of molten slag last night
caused the total destruction of the Val
§ Verde smelter, twenty miles east of
PrescotL The smelter employes were
engaged in drawing slag- from the fur
. nace and were unable get a plug in to
stop it. When the molten mass ran
on the wet floor an explosion fol
• lowed. The building and machinery
twere destroyed. The loss Is estimated
at J17C.000.
MOLTEN SLAG EXPLODES. -
CAUSING LOSS OF $175,000
Arizona Smelter Destroyed as -Result
of Failure of Workmen to Stop
Metal's Flow.
Breaks Apparatus.
PORTLAXD. Sept. 25. — Fearing*
that he would be robbed of the profits
of the invention on which he had
labored for a score of years, J. B.
Fowler has destroyed his telephone at- |
tachment, by which it was possible for !
one to see a ocrson while conversing
with him by an ordinary telephone. !
Every part of the wonderful apparatus J
ihat has been on exhibition in Fow- ;
ler's home in Albina has been totally
destroyed, not a vestige remaining by
which the most scientinc student
could trace Fowler's process • \u2666<
Fowler says that years ago he In
vented a glass engraving device which
was stolen from his trunk and sold for !
SC0.000 . . j
Inventor of Attachment Enabling One
to See Person Using Telephone
FEARS LOSS OF SECRET
A.VD DESTROYS MODEL.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 25. — A divorce
granted Saturday to Christine J.
O'Brien from Edward P. O'Brien. The
couple were married April 14, 1900,
in Manila. With her husband's con
sent the* bride embarked the day fol
lowing on a vessel bound for San
Francisco. She was to come to this
State for the benent of her health and
return to her husband later. Loving
epistles came from O'Brien until his
wife announced her readiness to re-
Ujrn home. Then he wrote her to re
main here for a time, as he expected
to leave the islands for good.
This ended the letters from Manila
and shortly afterward the husband
came to this country. He failed to
seek his wife, hence the divorce action.
WRITES .LOVING LETTERS,
THEN DECEIVES SPOUSE
Woman Slarrled tn Manila Relates
Trembles to Court and Geta
Divorce Decree
Having previously borne sixteen chil
dren, the wife of a shoemaker at "Wraz,
in Bohemia, has now had four at a
birth, of whom three are living.
The winnings of the bank at Monte
Carlo, Sir Hiram Maxim says, amount
to about $6,250,000 a year— not far from
$25 a minute. The bank gets 90 per
cent of all the money the gamblers
place on its tables.
The Archbishop celebrated holy
coxnrrmnion at St. John's Protestant
Episcopal Church in the morning.
Trwre. was a distinguished gathering
of Washingtonians present, including
Mrs. Roosevelt. The President wa3
represented by General Gillespie of
the army. The sermon was prach<»d
by Bishop Brent of the Philippine
Islands, the text being "Liberty."
After the Archbishop's blessing the
services closed with the recessional
"Onward. Christian Soldier."
Be It ours to rp^opnize that such knowledge
!c in itself not a. heritage only, but a splendid
and tacred trust. The trust must be deter
mfnrdty er.d daily used; used amid all the
changes end chances of life, to the glory of
God and the immeasurable gr>od of man. For
that reason we want here, where the heart of
your exeat nation threbs and s*>nds its pulse
thrcuph the whole world, to kwp raised over
head tht banner of him who has taught us
these tliiajjrji — our Master. Jesus Christ. The
principles he «et forth are ours because they
are his. He taught us that a man's life con-
Fisteth not in the- abundance of things which
he posscFPeth. He taught us that society ex
ist? for The sake of the men and women who
conctltsta society. He taught us that surren
der. «-cn of individual rights, for the sake of
Christ is nobler than defense of privilege.
We must bo here to work.
And mea who work can only work for men,
And f-.ot to work in vain, must comprehend
Humanity and so work hun-.anely
• AnJ raise men's bodies still by raising souls.
These are idea:*, but they are Christian
MeaJs and therefore they can come true. W»
mean. rde«s* God. that they^rtjalL We from
across the tea. join hands with you in the en
deavor to translate them into* accomplished
lacts. not fancy. What we are aiming at and
Btrtrtas after Is a plain thing— the bettering
of people'* live*; to make men purer and men
manlier; to uplift -h» weaJs and wayward and
to trample und-r the feet what Is selfish and
Jir.pure; to raake certain that every one of
Christ's children Ehall learn to know the great
ness cf his heritigr and shall have an Ideal
before him. en ennobling ideal of worship and
cf work. Chri>-t charges us with that; we are
trust'.d to work for him among those for whom
he Jif-d. No other period of Christendom can
compare with oars in the possibilities which
are set \u25a0within cor reach. Xo other part of
, Christen Soic, aa I firmly believe, can do for
'the world what we on either side of the sea
can do for it :f we only will. God give us
trsee to answer to that inspiring call.
living lord and Savior. Jesus Christ.
It is cot a little thing to me to be allowed.
la that r.sme to creet you fcere — here at the
\u25bce-y pivot and center of a national life
wfcfch has for a hundred and thirty years had
liberty for Its watchword and has for more
than forty years everywhere striven to make
the world good. A vision rises before our eyes
to-day wh»recnto this thing, with all that it
implies, may grow. It has been eiven to us
Ecriish-fpeaklng folks, in the manifold de
velopment cf our storied life, to realize In
practice more fully than other men the true
iceaniag of liberty — the liberty wherewith
ChriFt hath made u? free.
My Frleada: I am called upon and privi
leged to gtve ytra en this great occasion — at
•11 events ta me — what the paper in jrour
haa&a calls a "salutation." I give it to you
from m. full heart in the holy name of him
whao, amid nil our differences we aerre, our
Bishop Satterlee. after thanking the
Archbishop for his presence and for
his comiiig across the water to show
his Interest and earnest desire for
greater Christian unity, presented the
primate, who ra&de a brief address.
The Archbishop's salutation follows:
WASHINGTON. Sept. 25. — Most
Rev. Thomas Randall Davidson. Arch
bishop of Canterbury, sounded a stir
ring: appeal for Christian unity at the
open-air service held in the Cathe
dral grounds at Mount Saint Albans
this afternoon- Not since President
McKinley was present at the erection
of the Peace cross on the same spot
after the war with Spain, have as
many people gathered at the pic
tnresqua spot. The crowd was esti
mated at from 20,000 to 25,000. Mrs.
Roosevelt. Mrs. J. "West Roosevelt,
M!«n^ Ethel Roosevelt and the British
Ambassador, Sir Henry Mortimer
Durand, with Mrs. Davidson. General
and Mrs. Chaffee and Mrs. Hitchcock
had seats to the right of the platform
and joined heartily in the service.
On the platform were prominent
laymen, including J. P. Morgan of
New York, Secretary Hitchcock and
President Gllman of the Carnegie In
stitute and clergy from the various
Protestant churches In Washington.
The Times' unusual action in advis
ing the Conservatives to vote against
the Government candidate on such
grounds created a sensation In political
and other circles and attracted public
interest in the contest to a degree and
in a personal way that few bye-elections
ever call forth. Many persons thought
Marks would withdraw, but, on the con
trary, he retorted with a bitter personal
attack upon the Time3 and Walter, Its
proprietor, declaring that the asper
sions on his honor were entirely due
to the alleged exposure by the Finan
cial News of the "dishonest methods"
employed In the sale of the Times' edi
tion of the Encyclopedia Brltannica.
"For some years past," says the Fin
ancial News, "Mr. Walter has been en
gaged, in company with an American,
gentleman named Hooper, in the sale
of an out-of-date encyclopedia. For the
first time In its history one of the
greatest of English newspapers has
been employed for the furtherance of a
personal feud."
Both from the election platform and
in his newspaper Marks challenges the
Times to bring a libel suit against him
for his characterization of the Times'
encyclopedia methods as "dishonest."
The matter, to which lengthy edito
rials have been devoted, gained further
interest by the publication to-day of a
letter from the Archbishop of Canter
bury to the vicar of Margate, replying
to one in which the vicar said he felt
he must oppose Marks on "other than
political grounds." The Archbishop
says he Is ignorant of the facts in re
lation to Marks and therefore must not
be understood as expressing an opinion
In this particular case; "but," he adds,
"I am firmly persuaded that if our pub
lic life is to be maintained at its high
level and our public men are to justify
the confidence we have been accus
tomed to place in them, voters must
see to It that political or partisan en
thusiasm does not lead them to record
votes for men whom they do not trust
or respect. Unless we adhere unswerv
ingly to this principle there will be a
lowering of the tone and integrity of
our public life, and no temporary vic
tory at the polls of one political party
or the other could compensate for such
a national disaster."
LONDON, Sept 25.— An extraordinary
element has been introduced into Eng
lish politics in connection with the can
didacy of Harry Marks in the pending
bye-election in the island of Thanet.
Marks, who from 1871 to 1883 was a
newspaper reporter in New York and
who now is the wealthiest owner of tha
Financial News of this city, has been
adopted by the local Conservative As
sociation as its candidate. This action
caused a disagreement, several promi
nent local Conservatives refusing to
support him on account of his failure in
1890 In a criminal .action which he
brought against a man who circulated
various charges. The local committee
Investigated privately and declared that
Marks was a fit person to return to
Parliament, where he sat In 1895-1900.
The agitation, however, increased and
was much ventilated in the press, and
was brought to a head by a lengthy
editorial in the London Times on
Thursday, which broke away from par
ty ties and declared it was "better for
the Government to lose a seat than be
associated in the cause of Unionism
with a man who gives no public ade
quate refutation of such charges as
have been publicly made against Marks.
There are incidents in his career which,
so long as they are not explained, ought
to debar the electors of Thanet from
conferring the honor and trust of Par
liament upon him."
Former New York Reporter.
Now in British Politics,
Seeks Seat in Commons
Christian Unity His Theme
and Primate's Eloquence
Commands Rapt Attention
MAKES BITTER ATTACK
25,000 PEOPLE ATTEND
The people demand reform of existing condi
tions. Bince the last Democratic administra
tion the cost of living has grievously Increas
ed. Those having fixed incomes have suffered
keenly; those living on wages, if there has
been any Increase, know that such Increase
has not kept pace with the advance in the
cost of living, including rent and the neces
saries of life. Many to-day are out of work,
unable to necure any wages at all. To alle
viate these conditions, in so far as in our power,
should b« our earnest endeavor. >... - \u25a0
in mjr address to the notification commute*
The two leading parties have always dif
fered as to the principles of customs taxation
Our party has always advanced the theory that
the object Is the raising of revenue for sup
port of the government, whatever other re
sults may Incidentally Cow therefrom. The
Republican party, on the other hand, contends
that customs duties ehould be levied primarily
for protection, so-called, with revenue as the
subordinate purpose, thus using the power cf
taxation to build up the business and property
of the few at the expense of the many
This difference of principle still subsists,
but our party appreciates that the long-con
tinued policy of the country, as manifested In
its statutes, makes It necessary that tariff re
form should be prudently and sagaciously un
dertaken, on scientific principles, to the end
•that there should not be an Immediate rev
olution in existing conditions.
In the wcrds of our platform, we demand "a
revision and a gradual reduction of the tariff
by the friends of the masses, and for the com
jr.on weal, and not by the friends of its
abuses. Its extortions and discriminations."
• In my resifcnse to your committee I pointed
out the method under which a gradual reduc
tion of customs duties may be accomplished
without disturbing business conditions. I de
cue again to express the opinion that this
method should be followed.
It 1* true that the Republicans, who do not
admit in their platform that the Dlngley tariff
needs the slightest alteration, arc likely to
retain a majority of the Federal Scnato
throughout the next Presidential term, and
could, therefore. If they choose, block every
attempt at legislative relief. But it should be
remembered that the Republican party includes
many revisionists, and I believe that it will
shrink from defying the popular will ex
pressed unmistakably and peremptorily at the
ballot box.
For the above-mentioned reasons, among
many others, the people demand reform of
these abuses, and such reform demands and
should receive immediate attention
Even now the argument most frequently
urged In behalf of. the Dingley tariff, and
against tariff reform generally, is the neces
sity of caring for our infant industries. Many
of these industries. afte r a hundred years of
lusty growth, are looming up as industrial
giants. In their case, at least, the Dingley
tariff Invites combination and monopoly and
gives Justification to the expression that the
tariff Is the mother of trusts.
TARIFF REFORM.
Tariff reform Is one of the cardinal prin
ciples of the Democratic faith, and the neces
sity f" it was never greater than at the pres
en*. tiire. It should be undertaken at once
in the Ii,ter<>st o* all our people.
The Dingley tariff is excessive in many of
its rates, and. an to them at least, unjustly
and oppressively burdens the people. It secures
to domestic manufacturers, singly or In com
bination, the privilege of exacting excessive
prices at home and prices far above the level
of sales made regularly by them abroad with
prcfit. thus giving a bounty to foreigners : t
the expense of our own people. Its unjust
taxation burdens the people generally, forcing
them to pay excessive pricas for fool. fuel,
clothing and other necessaries of life. It
levies duties on many articles not normally
imported in any considerable amount, which
are made extensively at home, for wht.?h thi
most extreme protectionist would hardly Jus
tify protective taxes, and which In large
amount* are exported. Such duties have been
and will continue to be a direct Incentive to
the formation o f huge Industrial combinations,
which, secure from foreign competition, are
enabled to stifle domestic competition and
practically to monopolize the home market.
It contains many duties imposed for the ex
press purpose only, as was openly avowed of
furnishing a basis for reduction by means of
reciprocal trade treaties, which the Republi
can 'administration implied, or at least prom
ised to negotiate. Having on this promise,
spurred on by protected interests, defeated the
treaties negotiated by the executive, now
these same interests cling to the benefit of
these duties, which the people never intended
they should have, and to which they have no
mcral right.
The magnitude of the country and its di-
VTslty of interests and population would en
nhlr a determined. ambitious and able
executive, unmindful of constitutional limita
tions and fired with the lust of power, to go
far In the usurpation of authority and the
aggrandizement of personal r>ower before the
situation could be fully appreciated or the peo
ple b« aroused.
The issue of Imperialism which has been
thrust upon the country involves a decision
whether the laws of the land or the rule of
Individual caprice shall govern. The principle
of Imperialism may give rise to brilliant, start
ling, dashing results, but the principle of
democracy holds In check the brilliant execu
tive and subjects him to the sober, conserva
tive control of the people.
The people of the United States stand at
the partlne of the ways. Shall we follow the
footsteps of our fathers along the paths cf peace,
prosperity and contentment, guided by the
ever-living spirit of the constitution which they
framed for us, or shall we eo along other and
untried paths, hitherto shunned by all, follow
ing blindly new ideals, which, though appeal
ing with brilliancy to the imagination and am
bition, may Drove a will o' the wisp, leading
us into difficulties from which It may be im
possible to extricate ourselves without lasting
injury to our national character and Institu
tions.
EXECUTIVE POWER.
Gentlemen: In my response to your com
mittee, at the formal notification proceedings,
I referred to some matters not mentioned In
this letter. I desire that these be considered
as incorporated herein, and regret that lack of
space prevents specific reference to them all.
1 wish here, however, again to refer to my
views there expressed as to the gold standard,
to declare again my unqualified belief In said
standard, and to express my appreciation of
the action of the convention in reply to my
communication upon that subject.
Grave public questions are pressing for de
cision. The Democratic party appeals to the
people with confidence that its position on
these questions will be accepted and indorsed
at the polls. While the issues Involved are
numerous, some stand forth pre-eminent in
the public mind. Among those are tariff re
form, Imperialism, economical administration
and honesty in public service. I shall briefly
consider these' and some others within the
necessarily prescribed limit* of this letter.
While I presented my views at the noti
fication proceedings concerning this vital Issue,
the overshadowing Importance of the question
impels me to refer to it again. The issue is
oftentimes referred to as constitutionalism vs.
imperialism.
If we would retain our liberties and consti
tutional rights unimpaired, we cannot permit
or tolerate, at any time or for any purpose,
the arrogation of unconstitutional powers by
the executive branch of our Government. We
should be ever mindful of the words of Web
ster. "Liberty is only to be preserved by
maintaining constitutional restraints and Just
divisions of political powers."
Already the national Government has become
centralized beyond any point contemplated or
imagined by the framers of the constitution.
How tremendously all this has added to the
power of the President.
It has developed from year to year until it
almost equals that of many monarchs. While
the growth of our country and the magnitude
of interstate interests may st*"m to furnish a
plausible reason for the centralization of power,
yet these same facts afford the most potent
reason why th« executive should not be per
mitted to encroach upon the other departments
of the Government and assume legislative or
other powers not expressly conferred by the
constitution.
The full text of Parker's letter fol
lows: \
To the Hon. Champ Clark and others, com
mittee, etc. —
MESSAGE TO THE VOTERS.
Only upon the Issues of the Philip
pines and on pensions does he deviate
from his attitude of "standing pat" on
Republican policies. Regarding the isl
ands in the far Pacific he says:
"I am in hearty accord with that
plank in our platform that favors do
ins for the Filipinos what we have al
ready done for the Cubans, and I favor
making the promise to them that we
shall take such action as soon as they
are reasonably prepared for it."
Veterans of the Civil War will be es
pecially interested in his declaration
that, if elected, he will revoke the age
limit order on pensions recently issued
by President Roosevelt. He explains
that he will do this, not because it
was not founded upon right and jus
tice, but because such order is a usur
pation of legislative authority by the
President. Once revoked, he promises,
his attention will be devoted to secur
ing legislation in accord with order,
his theory being that such pensions
should not of right come "from indi
vidual largess, but from national Jus
tice."
I solicit the cordial co-operation and generous
assistance of every man, who believes that a
change of measures and of men at this time
will be wise, and urxe harmony of endeavor
as well as vigorous action on the part of all so
minded. •
The issues are Joined and the people must
render the verdict.
Shall economy of administration be demanded
or shall extravagance be encouraged?
Shall tho wrong doer be brought to bay by
the people, or must justice wait on political
oligarchy?
Shall our Government stand for equal op
portunity, or for special privilege?
Shall It remain b. Government of law, or be
come one of Individual caprice?
Shall we cllns to the rule of the people, or
shall we embrace beneficent despotism?
With calmness and confidence we await the
people's vrdiut.
If calleJ to the office of President, I shall
consider myself the chief magistrate of all the
people and not of any faction, and shall ever
be mindful of the fact that on many questions
of national policy there are honest differences of
opinion. 1 believe in the patriotism, good sense
and absolute sincerity of all the people. I
shall strive to remember that he may serve
his party best who serves his country best.
If it be the wish of the people that I under
take the duties of the Presidency, I pledge
myself, with God's help, to devote all my
powers and energy to the duties of the exalted
office. Very truly yours,
ALTON B. PARKER.
I have out aside congenial work In which I
had expected to devote my life in order to
assume as best I Can the responsibility your
convention put upon me. s
Reform In expenditures must be had In the
civil, military and naval establishments In
order that the national expenditures may be
brought to a baEia of peace and the Govern
ment maintained without recourse to the taxes
of wp.r.
Official extravagance is official crime.
TJpere is not a sentence in the Republican
platform recommending a reduction In the ex
penditures of the Government; not a line
suggesting that the Increase in the cost of
tho War Department from $34,000,000 in 1896
to fllO.OOO.COO In 190-1 should be Inquired
into; and not a paragraph calling for a thor
ough investigation of these departments of the
Government in which dishonesty has been re
cently disclosed.
The people, however, can by their votes, if
they desire It, order such an Investigation and
inaugurate a policy of economy and retrench
ment. It Is safe to say that this will not be
accomplished by indorsing at the polls the
Reoubllcan majority of the House of Repre
sentatives, which refused the investigation
and made the - appropriations, nor by con
tinuing the power of the administration which
made the disbursements.
The expenses of the first four years succeed
ing the last Democratic administration amount
ed to the enormous average of $511,000,000 per
year. This large expenditure was due to a
considerable extent to the ccst of the Spanish-
American war, which occurred during that pe
riod; but the termination of that war brought
no relief to the Treasury, for the average an
nual expenses of the Government during tha
three subsequent years ending June 30, 1904,
were about $519,000,000 which is the largest
sum hitherto reached during a like period
since the close of the Civil War.
The draft upen the revenues of the country
has had the effect which might have been an
ticipated, and now we have presented the re
verse of the situation, wh/ch led to the famous
observation, "It is a condition, and not a
theory, which confronts us"; for, although the
incumbent found at the close of the
first fiscal year, during which he assumed
control of the administration, a surplus of re
ceipts .over expenditures of more than $01,
000,000. there was an excess of expenditures
over receipts at the close of the last fiscal
year of $41,000,000, and the official monthly
reports made by the Treasury Department show
that the expenditures are continually and rap
idly increasing, while the receipts are dimin
ishing.
In this connection it Is Interesting to note
the recent administrative orders forbidding
Government officers from making public any
statement of estimates on which future ap
propriations are to be based.
If a man of ordinary intelligence and pru
dence should find in the operating expenses of
his business such a tremendous percentage of
increase would he not promptly set on foot
an inquiry for the cause of the waste and
take immediate measures to stop it, especially
when trusted employes have been found dis
honest and convicted and a widespread Im
pression exists that a thorough investigation
may discover other cases of malfeasance?
When the chief executive reported to Con
gress that "through lrauds, forgeries and per
juries and by shameless briberies the laws
relating to the proper conduct of the public
service in general and to the administration
of the Postofflce Department have been no
toriously violated," M • • there was a gen
eral popular demand for a rigid, sweeping
investigation by Congress, In addition to that
undertaken fcy the chief executive himself.
Such an investigation the Republican majority
in Congress would not permit, aitbough the
minority insisted that the Interests of good
covernment demanded it. And the minority
was right. The liberality, patriotism and
national pride of the people should not be
made an excuse for waste of the public funds.
OFFICIAL EXTRAVAGANCE.
canal rights and to the state of Panama, the
expenditures of the last fiscal year exceeded
the sum of $532,CO0,000. being more than
double the expenditures of the Government for
all purposes during the first year of Mr. Cleve
land's administration.
The methods by which the executive ac
quired the Panama canal route and rights are
a source of regret to many. To them the
Btatement that thereby a great public work
was assured to the profit of cur people is not
a sufficient answer to the charge of violation
of national good faith. They appreciate that
the principle* and healthy convictions which
In tbeir working out have made us free and
great stand firmly against the argument or
that -we. shall be blind to the nature
of the means employed to promote our welfare
They hold that adherence to principles'
whether It works for good or ill, will have a
more - beneficent effect on our future- destiny
than all our material upbuilding, and that w*
An isthmian canal has long . been the hope
of our statesmen and the avowed aim of the
two great parties, as their platforms in the
past show. The Panama route having been
selected, the building of the canal should be
pressed to completion with . all reasonable ex
pedition.
PANAMA CANAL.
A vast expanse of country in the West,
portions of which are to be found in each
of the sixteen States and Territories men
tioned In the law, Is directly affected by the
national statute — the outcome of Intelligent
and persistent efforts of leading citizens, pro
viding for the reclamation of the arid lands
for the benefit of homtseekers. During the
years of the development of the measure which
finally received the vote of every member of
the upper house of Congress, it encounters op
position based to a large extent upon tne
views that the aim of its promoters was to
secure the benefits of Irrigation to private
owners at Government expense. The aim of
the statute Is, however, to enable this vast
territory to reclaim its arid lands without
calling upon the taxpayers of the country at
large to pay for It. Whether the purposes
of the bill will be fully accomplished must
depend in large measure upon the abllltAso
briety of Judgment, independence and Hon
esty of the officers of the Interior Department
having this great work In charge. In 19CJ
the main canals and ditches In the region
affected aggregate more than 69,000 miles and
the work of reclamation is but in Its infancy.
The total cost of construction of the necessary
hcad^atea. dams, main canals, ditches, reser
voirs and pumpinr stations was at that time
a little over $'J3.000, 000, which of Itself sug
cests the hundreds of millions that may
eventually be Invested In the territory cov
ered by the statute. The magnitude of the
conception and the enormous expense its carry
inr out Involves makes us realize the over
whelming importance of a broad, capable and
honest administration of the work authorized
by the statute if effect is to be given to that
part of the plan that relieves the country at
large from ultimate liability.
The pledge of the platform to secure our
citizens without distinction of race or creed,
whether native born or naturalized, at home
and abroad, the equal protection of the lawa
and the enjoyment of all the rights and priv
ileges open to them under the covenants of
our treaties, as their Just due. should be made
good to them. In the accomplishment of that
result It is essential that a passport Issued
by the Government of the United States to an
American citizen shall . be accepted the world
over as proof of citizenship.
The statute relating to the civil service Is
the outcome of the efforts of thoughtful, un
selfish and public-spirited citizens. Operation
under it has frequently been of euch a char
acter as to offend against the spirit of the
statute, but the results achieved, under a
partial enforcement of the law, have been
such as to both deserve and command tne
utterance of the Democratic party that it
stands committed to the principle of civil serv
ice reform and demands its just and Impartial
enforcement.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP.
I pointed out In my earlier response the
remedy which, in my judgment, can effectually
be applied against monopolies, and the assur
ance was then given that If existing laws, in
cluding both statute and common law, proved
adequate, contrary to my expectations, I favor
Euch further legislation within constitutional
limitations as will best promote and safeguard
the interests of all people.
Whether there is any common law which
can be applied and enforced by the Federal
courts cannot be determined by the President
or by a candidate for the Presidency.
The determination cf the -question was left
by the people in framing the legislation to the
judiciary and not to the executive. The Su
preme Court of the United States has recently
considered this question, and in the case of
the Western Union Telegraph Company vs.
the Call Publishing Company, to be found in
the one hundred and eighty- first volume of the
United States Supreme Court reports, page 02,
it decided that common law principles could
be applied by the United States courts in cases
involving interstate commerce in the absence
of United States statutes specifically covering
the case. Such Is the law of the land.
In some quarters it has been assumed that
in the discussion of the Philippine question in
my response the phrase "self government" was
intended to mean something less than Inde
pendence. It was not intended that it should
be understood to mean, nor do I think, as used,
it does mean less than independence.
However, to eliminate all '\u25a0 possibility for
conjecture, I now state that I am in hearty
accord with that plank of our platform that
favors doing for the Filipinos what we have
already done for the Cubans; and I. favor
making the promise to them now that we
shall take such action as soon as they are
reasonably prepared for it. If independ
ence, such as the Cubans enjoy, cannot be
prudently granted to the Filipinos at' this
time the promise that it shall come the mo
ment they are capable of receiving It will
tend to stimulate rather than hinder their
development. And this should be done not
only In Justice to the Filipinos, but to pre
serve our own rights; for a free people can
not withhold freedom from another people
and themselves remain free. The toleration
of tyranny over others will soon breed con
tempt for freedom and seli-government and
weaken our power of resistance to Insidious
usurpation of our constitutional rights.
The persistent refusal of the Republican ma
jority in the Federal Senate to ratify the reci
procity treaties negotiated in pursuance with
the advocated policy of Mr. Blaine and Mr.
McKinley and expressly sanctioned in the
fourth eectlon of the Dlngley act is a discour
aging exhibition of ' bad faith. As already
mentioned by me, the exorbitant duty im
posed on many an imported article by this
section of the Dlngley act was avowedly in
tended by Its author not to be permanent, but
to serve temporarily as a maximum from
which the Federal Government was em
powered to offer a reduction in return for an
equivalent concession on the part of. a foreign
country. President McKinley undertook hon
estly to carry out the purpose of the act. A
number of reciprocity agreements were nego
tiated within the prescribed limitation of two
years, which, if ratified would have the two
fold result of cheapening many imported prod
ucts for American consumption and opening
foreign markets. Not one of these agreements
has met with the approval of the Republican
masters of the Senate. Indeed, they did not
even permit their consideration. In view of
the attitude of the present executive, no new
agreement under the general treaty power need
be expected from him. Nor does the Republi
can platform contain a favorable reference to
one of the suspended treaties. This section
of the Dingley act stands forth as a monument
of legislative cozenage and political bad faith.
TRUST REMEDIES.
The period of excluslveness Is past. The ex
pansion of our trade and commerce is the
pressing problem. Commercial wars are un
profitable. A policy of good will and friendly
relations will prevent reprisals. Reciprocity
treaties aro in harmony with the spirit of the
times; measures of retaliation are not.
This argument was made In the Interest of
our manufacturers, whose products, he urged,
"have so multiplied that the problem of more
markets requires our urgent and immediate
attention." He had come to realize that the
so-called "stand pat" fiollcy must give way —
that there must be a reduction of duties to
enable our manufacturers to cultivate foreign
markets. The last words cf this President—
who had won the affection of his countrymen —
ought to be studied by every man who has any
doubt of the necessity, of a reduction in tariff
rates- in the interest of the manufacturer.
They present with clearness a situation and a
proposed remedy that prompted the provision
in our platform which declares that "We fa
vor liberal trade relations with Canada and
peoples of.oth^r countries where they can be
entered Into with benefit to American agricul
ture., mining or commerce."
Our martyred President William McKinley,
appreciated this situation. He pointed out in
his last address to the people that we must
make sensible trade arrangements if "we shall
extend .the outlets for our increasing surplus."
He said a system which provides a mutual
exchange of commodities Is manifestly essen
tial to tho continued healthful growth of our
export trade. • • •
I paid that tariff reform Is "demanded by the
best interests of both manufacturer and con
bunier." With equal truth it can be said that
the benefits of reciprocal trade treaties would
enure to both. That the consumer would be
helped is unquestionable. That the manufac
turer would receive great benefit by extending
his markets abroad hardly needs demonstra
tion. His productive capacity has outgrown
the home market. The very term "home mar
ket" has changed in its significance. Once,
from the manufacturer's point of view. It
meant expansion; to-day the marvelous growth
of our manufacturing industries has far ex
ceeded the consumptive capacity of our domes
tic markets, and the term "home market" Im
plies contraction rather than expansion. If we
would run our mills to their full capacity, thus
giving steady employment to our workmen
and securing to them and to the manufacturer
the profits accruing from Increased produc
tion, other markets must be found. Further
more, when our manufacturers are dependent
on raw materials In whole or in part imported
it is vital to the extension of their markets
abroad that they secure their materials on the
most favorable terms.
This astounding Increase is out of all pro
portion with the increase of our .population,
and finds no excuse from whatever aspect
we view the situation. The National . Demo-'
cratlc platform declares . - "that large reduc
tions can easily be made In the annual ' ex
penditures of the Government without impair
ing the efficiency of any branch of the public
service." Can there be any doubt of the ac
curacy of this statement? Between the ex
penditures of the year 1886, amounting to
$242,000,650 and those of the last fiscal year —
the seventh after Grover Cleveland ceased ; to
be President— aggregating $582,000,000. there la
a difference, so great as to excite- alarm In the
breasts of thoughtful men. Even • excluding
the sum of $00,000,000 paid for tha Panama
The foreign relations of the Government
have In late years assumed special impor
tance. Prior to the acquisition of the Philip
pines we were practically Invulnerable against
attacks by foreign states. These tropical pos
eesslons, however, 7000 miles from our shores,
have changed all this and have in effect put
us under bonds to keep the peace. The new
conditions call for a management of foreign
affairs the more circumspect In that the re
cent American Invasion of foreign markets in
all parts of the world has excited the se*i-
OU3 apprehension . of all the great Industrial
peoples. It is essential, therefore, more than
ever to adhere etrlctly to the traditional
policy of the country as formulated by the
first President and never, In my judgment,
wisely departed from — to invite friendly re
lations with • all nations while avoiding en
tangling alliances with any. Such a policy
means the cultivation of peace instead of the
gratification | of war and the minding of our
own business In lieu of spectacular Inter
mingling with the affairs of other nations. It
means strict observance of the principles of In
ternational law and condemns the doctrine
that a great state, by reason of Us strength,
may rightfully appropriate the sovereignty of
territory of a smaller state on account of its
weakness. It means for other American States
that it claims no rights and will assume no
functions save those of a friend and of an ally
and defender as against European aggressions.
It means that we repudiate the role of the
American continental policeman; that we re
fuse to act as debt collector for foreign state*
or their citizens; that we respect the Independ
ence and sovereignty of each American state
and its right to preserve order and otherwise
regulate Its own internal affairs in Its own
way; and that any Intervention In its affairs
by us is limited to the single office of enabling
Its people to work out their own political and
national destiny for themselves free from the
coercion of any European state.
Twenty-eight years have passed since the
Democratic party of the State of New York,
in convention assembled, recommended to the
National Democracy the nomination of Sam
uel J. Tilden as its candidate for the Presi
dency and declared Jt to be "their settled con
viction that a return to the constitutional
principles, frugal expenses and adminfttratlve
purity of the founders of the republic is the
first and most Imperious duty of the times —
the commanding issue now before the people
of the - Union." ' This strong expression ; was
called forth by the national expenditures for
the year 1875 which amounted to $274,000,000
— a situation 'which. In the opinion of a ma
jority " of . our people, justified an imperative
demand- for reform in tho administration of
public affairs. ' As the expenditures , of the
last fiscal year amounted to tho enormous
total of $582,000,000. it' is evident that a
thorough investigation of \u25a0 the public service
and the Immediate abandonment of useless
and extravagant expenditure are more nec
essary now than they were then.
\u25a0, ASTOUNDING INCREASE.
\u25a0XT's *us;,eMs th« ?uspic'w j at least, that
tht ftffijtr was DMt&i to cre£i.?j an issue — that
it Ml j-ujjpMwd to Dreamt Z strong strategic
poitUioti in the br,icji> at t!i« ballots. But I go
further ar.d eay that l,»ing acne, I will con
tribute rrsy efforts U>v?--d tfc* enactment of a
law to. bo !**,«*> ri' ; >i' S»ct*t. i;0ii*es of Congress
Mi«;ap£ro«i/i *y ttub e.K«rjtive that will give
an ape psxttlioo, Wittjjat reference to disability,
to the BurviTfSjJ hetvn cl the Civil "War, and
und':* 1 the provisions of which' a peneion may
be. ik*o- -pied v.-ith \u25a0dyn'My because of the con-
Bclcu:<fi«s* ' that it c<r;r. t.t as .i just due from
th*$peoom from fVe'r chosen representatives
and- not as largess distributed by the chief
executive.
ffiJIE nATTIVE OF "ALLOTS.
The old Inquiry "what are you going to do
about It?" la not stated in a new form. It
is said by the administration, in reply to
the public criticism of this order, that "It is
easy to test our opponents' sincerity In this
matter. Th-s order In question is revocable
at the pleasure of the executive. If our op
ponents come Into power they can revoke
this order and announce that they will treat
the veterans of 62 and 70 as presumably in
full bodily vieor and not entitled to pensions.
Will they authoritatively state that they in
tend to do so? If so we accept the issue."
This specified requirement of lncapacitv is in
effect *?t aside by order No. 78, as to all per
sons over CO. The war closed nearly forty years
ago. Iu the meantime many of our sailors and
soldiers long survived the age of 02 and passed
away without rect-ivlng any psnsion. Skillful
pension attorneys hunting through the statutes
failed to find there a provision giving a pension
to all who !iad reached C2. Many prominent
veterans urged the justice or Congressional
action giving a service pension to all veterans.
Bills to that effect were Introduced in Congress,
and not until March o£ this year did any one
ever claim to have made the discovery that the
President had 'unver to treat the statute as if
It read that when a claimant had passed the
age of 62 years he is necessarily disabled and
only Kalf able to r-frform manual labor, and
therefore entitled to a pension.
The president of the Civil Service Commis
sion, General John C. Black, formerly Com
missioner of Pensions and commander in chief
of the Grand Army of the Republic, indicated
his view of the order when, in a recent address,
ho thanked the President for what h-e had done
and advised Ills hearers to use their influence
that a law might be passed to the same effect.
Full confidence, after all, seems not to have
been placed on the defense of justification, for
It is pleaded in mitigation that a former Demo
cratic President did something looking In that
direction. Even if that were so — which is not
admitted—our present duty would be none the
lf?s olain and Imperative.' Our people mUEt
never tolerate the citation of one act of usurpa
tion of jower r.s *an excuse for another. The
first may possibly be due to a mistake; the sec
ond, beins based on the first. It cannot be.
In explanation, however, it should be said
thRt the order relied on simply provides that
th*> age of seventy-five years should be re
garded as evidence of inability to perform
iranu.il labor. Few men are able to perform
manuil labor at that age, but nearly all
men are at sixty-two. The first order is based
on a fact that experience teaches, the other is
based on the assertion of that which is not
true as a general rule.
The National Democracy favors liberal pen
sions to the surviving soldiers and sailors and
their dependents on ' the ground that they de
eerve liberal treatment. It pledges by its plat
form adequate legislation to that end. But It
denies the right of the elecutive. to usurp the
power of Congress to legislate on that subject.
Such usurpation was attempted by pension
order No. 78 and effect has been given to it by
a Congress that dared not regent the usur
pation. It is said that "this order was made
In the performance i of a duty Imposed upon
the President by act of Congress," but the
provision making the imposition is not pointed
out. The act to which the order refers, which
Is the one relating to pensions to civil war
veterans, does not authorize pensions on the
ground of age. It does grant pensions to those
"suffering from any mental or physical dis
ability or disabilities of a permanent char
acter, not the result of their own vicious hab
its, which so incapacitates them from the per
formance of manual labor as to render them
unable to earn a support."
"We are justly proud of the officers and men
of our army and navy. Both, however, have
suffered from the persistent Injection of per
sonal and political Influence. Promotions and
appointments have frequently been based on
favoritism Instead of merit. Trials and court
martials have been «set aside under circum
stances indicating political interference. These
and other abuses should be corrected.
ARMY AND XAVY.
Our commerce in American bottoms amounts
to but 9 per cent of our total imports and ex
ports. For forty years prior to 1861. when the
Republican party came Into power, our mer
chant marine carried an average of 80 per
cent of our foreign commerce. By 1877 It had
dwindled to 27 per cent. Now we carry but a
small fraction of our exports and imports.
American shipping in the foreign trade was
greater by almost 100,000 tons in 1810 — nearly
a hundred years ago — than it was last year.
In the face of the continuous decline In the
record of American shipping during the last
forty-three years, the promises of the Repub
lican party to restore it are without encourage
ment. The record of the Democratic party
gives assurance that the task can be more
wisely intrusted to it. •
It is an arduous task to undo the' effect of
forty years of decadence and requires the study
and investigation of those best fitted by expe
rience to find the remedy — which surely does
not He in the granting of subsidies wrung
from the pockets of all the taxpayers.
Recent disclosures, coupled with the rapid
augmentation of Government expenditures,
show a need of an investigation of every de
partment of the Government. The Demo
crats in Congress demanded It. The Repub
lican majority refused the demand. The people
can determine by their vote In November
whether they wish an honest and thorough in
vestigation. A Democratic Congress and ex
ecutive will assure it.
should ever remember that the Idea of doing
a wrong to r smaller, weaker nation than we,
that even all mankind may have a resultant
good, is repugnant to the principles upon
which our government was founded. Under the
laws of the United States the authority is 1m
l>osed upon the executive to proceed with due
diligence to the construction if the canal. That
duty should be promptly performed.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
"Thunderer" Eefuses to Sup
port a Conservative Can
didate for Parliament
Archbishop of Canterbury
Preaches Stirring Sermon
in Open A ir at Washington
HIS NOTABLE
CONGREGATION
LONDON TIMES
BOLTS MARKS
Democratic Candidate for Presidency in Formal Letter
of Acceptance Reiterates His Belief in Gold Standard
and Declares, of All Issues, Imperialism the Most Vital
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2rt, 1904.
3
ADVKRTISEMEyTS.
'_y
1040 MABXET STBSET.
Phone South 894.
— OPPOSITE PBAOEE3— \
3 DAYS' SPECIALS.
la «. lb Jl: VTaji »»\u25a0*\u25a0 GBAJTCXATEI>
CA2TE SUGAS Sl.OO
(With orders only.> . ox ' vv
3 sacks of PX3TE TABLE SA&T 5c
MOCHA AW3> JAVA COPPEE 25c
(Fine flavored. Reg 35c lb.)
MOTHEB'S OWB BEUSHES. 3 bot-
tles 25c
(Large bottles. Reg. 25c each.)
7 lbs. PAxrcnr warm beasts 25c
6 lbs. BEST JAPAN HEAD BICE. .25c
PANCT UPLAND BTTBBAOTC POTA-
TOES, box £5e
(Every box guaranteed.)
SEEDED baisins, per package 5c
i (New crop. Reg. 10c.) .
! Quart bottle of BEST E*t.at» OX&. .15c
i (Reff. 25c.)
3 large bottles of CATSUP >. 25 C
j (Three of California' » best makes.)
j WOBCESTEBSHIBS SAUCE ....... 5c
(Regular 15c bottles.)
2 large cans of AL7XSTE CBSA2C. . .15c
Country orders solicited. Goods anipp«d fr©«
within 100 miles of San Francisco. Send for
Price List. '
| Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal*
primer's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. - For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
| free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
1
The Overland
Limited
Leaves San Francisco 10 a. ra-.
arrives Union Passenger Sta-
tion. Chicago. 9:25 a. m. third
day. Electric lighted through
train, via the Southern. Pacific,
Union Pacific and the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul
Railway.
Another good train at S p. ra.,
with tourist sleeping cars.
572.50 to Chicago and re-
turn. September 23, 29; Octo-
ber 3. 4, 5, 6. 19. 20, 26. 27.
Return limit, 30 days. Folders
free.
: Tickets — 635 Market St. .
C. Xk CAJUflRTiP,
General Agent.
i '
y^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-/Lwwjglfr 6—9 KGASXT »T. Established
«3K SSjat,, 1*34 for the treatinpnt of Private
SB V?f!g' Diseases. lAmt Manhood. Debiiityor
tSj~r£f*£»1i!«»as'* wearinf on bndyand mind and
w*C^ffl^8!cin Diseases. The Doctor cures \u25a0when
iSB? KBBfiBotherg fall. Try him. rbarjw low..
| .^wyBSIrni^t gnaranlwd. Call or write.
; Sir. J. F. OIBBOX, Han Francisco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OCEAX TRAVKTi.
Steamers !e»Y« BroeAwa?;
/SJ^^ffiV w&arTis (pier* 9 and 01).
AfvC San Franci»co :
f(i/\Sj9m* \U\ For Ketchikaa, Wrar^el,
I I \*NrVl I I Juaean, Z Hainea, Skagvray,
1 \ VMMm / / * tc -- Alaska — 11 a. m.. Sept.
\*k \\ mi/ret 12. 17 . 22. October* 2.
VyO? Change to this company's
>Mj£r3S&/ ateamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vaneoover.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacwna. Everett.
Anawrtes, Belllngham— H a. m.. Sept. 12, 17.
22. 27. October 2. Change at Seattle to tMa
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka CHumboIdt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
p. m.. Sept. 13, 10. 25. October I; Corona. l:3O
p. m., Sept. 10, 16. 22, 28. October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anrtles and
Redonrio). Ean Dieeo and Santa Barbara-'
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. tn.
For Los Aneeles (via. Son Pedro mad "East
San Psdrn). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucoe. Port Harford (San
Lois Obltpo). Ventura and Huenetne.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. S*>i>t. 12. 20. 28. October 6L,
Coos B*y. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 16. 24, October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdaleca Bay, San Jose dot
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax,. Santa B»-
salla, Guaytcas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Tth each raa.
For further Information obtain, folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OPPICS3 — 1 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace. HoteH, 10 Market st_.and Broad,
way wharves. Freight OSce 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Affent.
10 Market rt.. San Francisco,
j The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutler st^ wilt
call tor and check bajrgage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steam-is will leave Pacific Mall wharf, cor-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ta., for
YOKOHAMA and HOXGKOXG. calling at
Ret*- (HIoeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai andt
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
\u25a0Wednecday. October 19. 1904
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
VT. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics^.co.i£M
S. £? SONOMA, for Hocoluln. Samoa. AncJt- *
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 pun.
S.S ALAMEDA, for ' Honolulu. Oct. 8,11a.m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a-m.
I.D.SPSICHLS k BZDi CO., Ut3.,Hct!t 03l3 543 fir-
til frelflu Ola 329 Kami si. Fig 7. Facia; si
C0X7AS9IS SCraULE TBHrSATLAXTlQn.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^^»
Sailing every Thursday Instead r>: 4?^ji3Jf)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -****.-*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CW\D\ 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. S. Havy Tard aad VaUaJo.
Stmr H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
.Clay st.. north end ferry bldg.— Week days.
»-30 a m , 3 and *S p. m.: Sunday*. 9:30 a,
ni 8 "p. m. Leaves Vallejo— Week days. 8:34
a "m 12:20 and 5:30 p. m.: Sundays, .'» p. m.
Fare" 23c each way. PIPER. ADEN. GOOD-
ALL* CO. »Saturdays exempted.
To V. S. Navy Tard and \u25bcallajo.
Stmrs-Oeneral Frisbte.Monttcell© and Arrow,
9:45a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 3:30 p. m. (earSun.);
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. ny L«*t» Valleja
, jTb., 12:30. 3:15, « P. m. («x. Sun.): Sun*
slonrfwet: phone Mate 1308. HATCH BROS.
/I in Vi* v/IV Vf\jt Vj* JLr'j Vf y^ i^ m K I n- I II tV_Fi /Vv£ji~**^V
V Mr \ Everybody likes to buy at Olson's Market, where yon T^^^M
2 'J sret everything: good to eat nnd drink at the very low- v^r»-wV)
CJK.V/C/ J£ivlj£o — LIQ vJ 0R.o m
Larg-e Queen Olives. ... .quart 2Oc Nag-lee Brandy bottle SI. 10 c
Imported. Healthy and appetizing. 1S7S) vintage. 25 years old. fe
Jieg. a5c. - - "White label. Genuine. K
Fresh Minnesota Hgs*. .dozen 25c H. B. Bye, reg. $1.00. bot. S5c ' «
A Guranteed. '"Bulletin's favorite brand." *?
_ Strictly Fresh Mission Egrars Guinness'* Extra Stout.. doz. SI. 75 fl
fa Guaranteed .2 dozen 75c Old English Porter. if
H New Tomatoes. ....... .4 cans 25c in stouc or glass. rteg-. $2.10. *•
g Red Ripe. Extra standard. Cutter's Whiskey bot. 7Oc Q
« ITew Santa Clara Frunes.10 lbs. 25c Genuine. Key. 05c. A
W Sweet, meaty, bright. Prench Cherries in Maraschino B
fl xingan's Boiled Ham lb. 25c For cocktails. Reg. 70c. .bot. 50c B
H Sliced, lieg. 35c. Bass's Ale .' doz. S1.5O S
9 Sew Holland Herring, Milchner The genuine incomparable "Bass's V
•I 1004 catch.. Milchner, keg Sl.OO Bitter." Re*. $2.00. (ft
V Regr. $1.25. Mixed, keg S3 c 1895 Vintage Soederer Champagne R
!] Hablsoo wafers, reg. 35c. . .box 25c Brut. .pints $1.5O; doz. 817.75 W
Dainty, delicious fairy wafers. ' Kxtra dry. The moat famous vintage q
Best Corn Starch'. .. ... .lb. pitf. 5c now In existence. 1 '<-•'!•
Reg. 10c. Holland Gin 81.00 fi
Table Salt 3 sacks Be LarBe white bottle. Reg. $l.C5. B
Scotch Oats. reg. 15c... pkg. 10c Genuine imported. W
Price ticket in every package. Monogram Whiskey Q
BaratarU Shrimp 3 cans 2oc * e G- 25c. la flasks IK c «
ft Boyal Savon Soap. . 10 for 25c "Reg. $3.50 gallon »2.75 H
Sf Pure Italian Olive Oil.. Imported Apricot Brandy.. bot. 75c V
9 i^^M^p&l »«.. '.w :.nis '4<| «
9 Elsrin Creamery Butter. lb. 25c _ £?" s - - vm _,, Vw _. *gk 9
R soda Crackers lb nkf Tif Hunter Bye whiskey — gal. $3.2o H
® «™£<r. ataZl We 'ikr' "it. S &m e as you iret in bottles. TUk. Ji.OO. 9
B ?ulfweSStCrea^i^ Butter" ' ' *eibig's Malt Extract. . .doz. 81 .50 A
l^^ U S^'^ii^:'li^ !l %^ For Pressing, cooking or Uble use-fl
h ReP- 35a. lb. 2.>c Mistletoe Gin. bottle B5c A
9 New Crop Ceylon or Formosa Ooionsr Genuine Imported. Rejc. $1.00. fl
A Tea, reg. 50c ..... . . . .lb. .l.jc pure Bock and Bye bot. <I5e m
w Home-made Jams, Jellies and Mar- Lyon's Best. Beware of colds the next
ja malades, reg. 10c. .4 glasses J25c few days. Q
£i Pancy Carolina Bice 4 lbs. 25c Apollinaris Water. .'. . .pint bot. 5c a
:W Table Soups, reg. 10c....... can 5c No limit. doz. fjoe n
A . WTHUAM H. LAMB, Pish Sept. Strictly Presh' Pish at Cut Prices. "
n HBBbHb^HBbSIbBbbb&bSSSEBBBBHL- flBsS BB 3B^^Ht5l B B9d9^K&lSQ5i $
m f^^ffl T0^ i a/" 'Tfl Tit \u25a0 rr fti f*
ES Mff Btf» £v V V ry 3 BJ B^IU an «r] n
f -^L \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0•- _^ _ . . . .7 ftFuneral of Attorney P. B. Naclc.
. The remains of Attorney Peter ;Burk
Nagle, who died last Monday at the
family residence, 742 C' street, were
removed from there to the Masonic
Temple yesterday for the sacred service
of Mount Moriah Lodge. King Solo
mon's Hall was crowded to the doors
by the many friends of the late at
torney and his family. The funeral
had been postponed to await the ar
rival of Charles ' G. Nagle, who was
absent in the East attending the
Grand Conclave of Eagles and who
hastened home by fast trains to be
present. After the. service at Masonic
Temple by the worshipful master,
John F. Schroth, the \u25a0 funeral proces
sion proceeded by , special cars to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where the
body was placed In a vault pending
the selection of a site for a grave. ;
Carnegie Company to Discharge All
Over 40 Years of Age.
OLD MEN ARE BARRED.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 25.— The
Carnegie Steel Company has issued a
circular letter to the superintendents
of the different plants and to the heads
of departments ,in the plants instruct
ing them to employ no , men over 35
years of age in certain departments
and extending the age limit to 4Q
years in others. The rules do not
apply to laborers.
The order affects a large number of
the most expert steel men.
King's Daughters* Convention.
OAKLAND. Sept. 25.— The eighth
annual State convention of the Cali
fornia branch of the International
Order of King's Daughters and Son3
will be held in Oakland at Calvary
Baptist Church, West and Twelfth
streets. Friday and Saturday. October
14 and 1C. Mrs. Matilda Brown. 566
Caledonia avenue, desires ladies' of
circles throughout the State to com
municate with her>
Parker Will Recover.
BERKELEY. Sept. 25.— L. D. Par
ker, who was injured last night in the
explosion of acetylene gas, which
wrecked the Chicago Hotel at West
Berkeley, was less seriously hurt than
was at first thought and is now out
of danger, although he will be con
fined 'to his bed for several days as a
result of the accident.
"Open Shop" Will Prevail.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25. — Work in the
plants, of the Deering, McCormilck and
Piano divisions bf the International
Harvester Company, the closing of
which on September 10 resulted In
9000 employes being left idle, will be
resumed to-morrow morning. Coupled
with this- announcement • came the
statement *to-nighf that the company
has declined to renew., last year's agree
ment with the organized trades eni
ployes. . . ; • . :
Kills Hone for Half Fares.
BERKELEY. Sept. 25. — There
seems to be little chance that the Oak
land Transit Consolidated will give
half fares for children In Berkeley, as
requested by the Board of Education.
Clerk Clarence S. Merrill was dele
gated bv the board to interview the
company regarding a rei'-.ction. but
the clerk met with little encourage
nent when he saw Superintendent J.
P. Potter, who said he would bring
the matter before the company, al
though he did not think it would avail.
With the outlook for reduction so
ploomy It is doubtful if the School Di
rectors urge the proposition again.
VICTORIA. ". C. Sept. 25.— The
captain of the British ship Blythes
wood, now in Royal Roads awaiting
charter, took a party of seven friends
with him this afternoon for a sailing
cruise in one of the ship's boats. She
upset off Albert Head in a squall and
three or four of the party were
drowned, including the Sergeant Ma
jor of Marines of H. M. S. Grafton,
and the second mate of the Blyethes
wood.
The steam launch Shamrock with a
pleasure party happened to sight the
overturned boat with the * survivors
clinging to it, and rescued them. The
survivors were in the last stages of ex
haustion and just about to drop off
when the Shamrock arrived. They
had been clinging to the bottom of
the boat for three hours in water ice
cold.
enth street side of the high school,
where five-minute addresses will be
made by such speakers as Mayor War
ren Olney, Colonel John P. Irish, John
A. Britton. Sol.Kahn, H. A. Buttere,
Dr. E. H. Woolsey and others.
An oi>en-air bond meeting, at which
prominent labor leaders made addresses
favoring, the bond Issue, was held this
morning at 10 o'clock at .Seventh and
Pine streets. Short speeches were made
by the following: J. B. Bowen, William
Morris, C. W. McBride, R. West and
Thomas Butler. ...
WASHINGTON. Sept. 25.— The report
from Boston cannot be confirmed at
the WTiite House to-night. It has been
rumored for some time that Miss
Roosevelt was engaged to former Con
gressman Longworth, who is a very
wealthy man.
BOSTON, Mass.. Sept. 26. — The Bos
ton Herald this morning reports as a*
rumor the enuagement of Miss Alice
Roosevelt to Nicholas Longworth, a
former Massachusetts Congressman.
This report had been previousjy pub
lished several times and just as often
denied.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Three of Party of Eight En
joying Sail in Northern
Waters Lose Their Lives
Boston Newspaper Prints
Eeport That Miss Alice
Roosevelt Ts to Marry
OAKLAND, Sept. 25. — Wednesday,
September 28, is the last day for voters
to register for the coming election and
the County Clerk is taking measures
to secure the registration of every
man who can' possibly be reached.
From to-morrow morning until
the evening of September 28 two
registration clerks will be stationed
on each of the ferry-boats between
Oakland and San Francisco to regis
ter voters who cannot spare the time
to call at the County Clerk's office.
Registration clerks have also been ap
pointed at nearly all of the larger
cigar stores in the city of Oakland.
The Republican County Central
Committee has given notice to voters
to register at once in order to qualify
for the Presidential election In No
vember.
Two Clerks Will Be Stationed on Each
Steamer From Monday Morning
Until Wednesday Night.
VOTERS MAY REGISTER
ON THE FERRY-BOATS
Guests of Honor To-Nisht to Be Sec
retary Victor II. Mctcalf and
His Wife.
OAKLAND, Sept. 25.— Victor H.
Metcalf. Secretary of Commerce and
Labor, and Mrs. Metcalf will b«» the
guest* to-morrow evening at an elab
orat« reception that will be given by
the Horn? Club at the beautiful hall,
Fourth and Cottage avenues, near the
F. M. Smith residence. The club is
composed of leaders in the philan
thropic work of the city and numbers
among iu members the prominent
families of Oakland. The affair in
honor of the Metca!fs has taken on
large proportions. Those in charge
have arranged a splendid programme,
including vocal music, with dancing
for the young people.
The Home Club is easy of access,
being on the line of the new Fourth
avenue extension of the Key route
line. SD^cial electric cars will run
during the evening from Twelfth
Ktreet and Broadway to the clubhouse.
These are the large parlor cars of the
Oaklaml Transit Consolidated, roomy
nnd handsomely constructed. Special
arrangements have been made to take
car* of the throng of guest*.
SQUALL UPSETS
A SHIP'S BOAT
HOME CLUB ARRANGES
A LUtGE RECEPTION
REVIVES RUMOR
OF BETROTHAL
"Sensational papers have started lies
about me. Absolutely false. Am in
perfect health."
A second dispatch is as follows:
"Des Moines dispatch to papers a
baseless lie. Have no illness. Am in
perfect health, intellectually and phy
sically." '
A number of other telegrams were
received, including one from General
Henderson's physician. All of them de
nied the truth of the story.
Don A. Henderson, a son of the dis
tinguished Iowa statesman, who lives
at Long Beach, to-day received con
vincing telegrams to the effect that the
Des Moines story Is a canard. In one
of his telegrams General Henderson
says:
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 25.— The sensa
tional story telegraphed yesterday from
Des Moines to several papers to the ef
fect that former Speaker D. B. Hen
derson is a physical and mental wreck,
that his memory has completely failed
and that at last his family, after close
ly guarding the matter, have been
obliged to admit that his health is as
stated, has met with a prompt and
vigorous denial from General Hender
son, from his family and from his phy
sician.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Speaker Henderson
Denounces as Canard Sen
sational Story in Papers
BERKELEY, Sept. 25. — Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church South is
soon to give up its rented hall on
Center street for a handsome church
building of its own that will adorn
the northeast corner of Durant and
Telegraph avenues. The cornerstone
will be laid during the session of the
Pacific Conference of the church,
which will be held from October 12 to
October 15 in Oakland. This cere
monv will be conducted by Bishop H.
C. Morrison of Kentucky and the
Grand Lodge of Masons of California.
The new church is to cost $20,000.
It will be in the English-Gothic style
of architecture and the material will
be stone and timber. The auditorium
will have a seating capacity of 300
aird the Sunday school room 200.
These rooms will be so arranged that
they may be thrown into one. There
will be the usual accessories to add to
the comfort of the congregation,
among them a ladies'- parlor, Bible
and infant class rooms, and kitchen.
Ep"worth Church is the gift of the
southern branch of the church. The
lot on which it will stand was pur
chased by the membership in this
State on condition that the General
Boards of the church erect the build
ing. The Rev. J. C. Wooten is pastor
and the trustees are William H.
Waste, C. E. Towson. W. D. Douglas,
V. L. Weels, J. A. Shipe and G. L.
Pettygrove.
of a Handsome Structure in the
English Gothic Style.
Appropriate Money for the Erection
SOUTHERN* METHODISTS
WILL BUILD A CHURCH
E«u-t hound Eighth-street, West Oakland
<-ar»— Trar.flers will not be issued to Twelfth
tUf-tt. Wtfcl Oakland.
5.t-»t I>.und TweUtH-fitrr«-t. West Oakland
<ar* — Transfer* will not be Issued to Kishtn
urt-t. V.'esa Oakland.
North bound Kroadway cars — Transfers will
i.ot be ii»'.i -J to Twelfth or Thirteenth ftreet*
• dH on 6 tran»f"r from Eighth street east.
Sixteenth ftreet. east bound car — Transfer*
will net b-- lfcfufd to Ean Pablo averiue on a
transfer from Market street.
sixteenth ureet. west bound car- — Tranalem
will not be isrucd t-> Market rtreet en a trans
fer fifrn Kan Pablo avenue.
Pan Pailo avenM, bouUi bound car — Trans
fer* will not be issued to Telogrraph avenue or
Grove Ftreet to passengers boarding car north
of P.an croft way.
£an Pabio avenu*. north bound car — Trans
fer* will not be Issued to University avenue
on a transfer from Telegraph avenue or Grove
Mreet.
Piedmont avenue, south bound car — Transfer*
will not be issued to Telegraph avenue to pa»
bttTigrrg boarding car south of &locs avenue.
Oakland avenue, »>«uth bound ctr — Transfers
u-Ul not be f*sued to Te terra ph avenue to pa*-
Ment>'frs boarding rar south of Uakland aveuua
and Twenty -fourth street.
Telegraph svnu», ncrth bound car — Trans
fer* will r.ot be icsut'd to L'nlverslty avenue on
a. transfer from San Pablo avenue at Four
teenth street.
The new rules adopted by the com
pany governing the transfer system
are as follows:
Pas^enffers desiring; transfers are requested
to »*k jor >-atr.<? when paying fare.
Telegraph avenue, south bound car — Trans
fers will not l>e issued to Piedmont avenue to
1 aspeneerii boarding oar south of Thirty-eighth
Transfer* will not t* issued to Oak
land avenue to pasE^nters boarding car south
of Twenty-sixth Transfer* will not be
\rms'.>i to H*r pMblo avenue to passengers
botrdlng car north of Bancroft way.
OAKLAND. Sept. 25. — The Oakland
Transit Company has abandoned its
general transfer system and has in
stituted in its place a plan by which
conductors will -not issue transfers, on
transfers received from other lines of
the system except to enable passen
gers to continue in one general direc
tion.
Paanrngcm Will Now be Allowed to
Travel tn One General Dlree
tioa Only.
OAKLAND TRANSIT ADOPTS
XE\V TRANSFER RULES
New York Democrats are confident
of carrying this State for both Parker
and Herrick. Some of them look for
a plurality for the Albany Judge reach
ing toward 100,000.
This condition wlTi "cause !>-« # 'jr»«rties
to watch closely the effect .of Judgfr
Parker's letter of acceptance.
Parker is a believer in a short cam
paign. . He thinks this election will be
won In the last three weeks of the
canvass. For that reason he deferred
bis letter of acceptance seven weeks
later than the letter of Samuel J. Til
den, whose fight was made on like is
sues. Governor Tllden-s letter Was
printed on August 5, 1876.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The Herald
says: Surveying the political field in
the last week in September, these
things stand out with clearness:
New York State is doubtful and the
situation is complicated. Influenced by
its first poll, the Republican State Com
mittee claims this State by ; 30,000 for
Roosevelt and -Fairbanks, but this poll
was conducted before the State nom
inations were made and must be re
vised. It is conceded by Republicans
as well as by Democrats that if the
election were held to-day the Demo
cratic State ticket would be elected by
a large plurality.
, As New York is the hub around
which the entire Democratic campaign
revolves, it is necessary to examine the
situation elsewhere with particular ref
erence to the events that have taken
place here.
Dispatches to the Herald from all of
the doubtful States agreed that the
Saratoga convention, which nominated
Judge Herrick, had encouraged Demo
crats in the doubtful States with the
exception of Rhode Island.
Careful inquiry among campaign
managers, however, shows that the
drift has been toward Roosevelt for
more than a month and unless the
Democrats succeed in turning it toward
Parker the betting will continue, until
the end of the campaign with_2he adds
in favor of Roosevelt. ». v /
Special Dispatch to The Call
New York Herald Admits
That the Democratic Out
look Is Not Cheerful
STEADY DRIFT
TO ROOSEVELT
Five concerts and lectures, will be
given, and negotiations are now going
on for talent. Among those being
sought are: David Bishpam, the fa
mous grand opera singer; Jocab Riis
of New York, author of "How the
Other Half Lives," and other works:
Burton Holmes, Charles Wagner and
the Campanarl Opera Company.
From the proceeds of these enter
tainments it is hoped to clear suf
ficient money to support for a while
at least the West Berkeley Settlement,
from which Mrs. Hearst lately with
drew her support.
BERKELEY. Sept. 25. — The first of
the series of concerts and lectures for
the benefit of the West Berkeley So
cial Settlement will be given by the
Third Artillery Band on the evening
cf Wednesday, September 28, in the
Greek Theater at the University of
California. For this occasion the pro
gramme has been arranged by Wil
liam Greenbaum of San Francisco,
tvho has selected a number of fine
classical as well as popular numbers.
The management announces that sin
gle or season tickets for this and the
entertainments to follow may be pur
chased at Abbott's, Needham's, or
Sadler's stores in Berkeley, of Joseph
P. Loeb at the University or of the
University Savings Bank through the
mail.
First of Entertainments Designed to
Assist in Raising Money for
Support of Settlemrnt.
ARTILLERY BAND WILL
PLAY IX GREEK THEATER
BERKELEY. Sept. 23. — The Philological
Club will hear papers from \u25a0 Professor S.. A.
Chambers on "The Roland" and Professor W.
S. Ferguson on "History and Epic" at a meet
ing to be held in the Faculty Club to-morrow
night
The Students' Congress will debate the fol
lowing question Tut'sUay night In North Hall:
"Resolved.* that Judge Parker's policy, in set
ting a definite date for the emancipation of the
Filipinos, should meet with the approval of all
good citizens" J. Guatav White "U5, W. J-
Cooper 'C<1 and Samuel Hellman "06 will pre
sent the affirmative, and L. V>. Bishop '05, F.
t> Merrill '00 ani J. F. Pullen '07 the negative.
On the same evening in Stiles Hall the Senate
will discusse the question. "Resolved, that the
open shop Is detrimental to the best interests
ot society." The affirmative will be defended
by H. A. Stout '05 and II. A. Encell 'O»}. tn«
negative by W. T. Hale '06 and A. T. Ellis 'Oft.
Recorder Sutton announces that all under
graduate candidates for degrees tn December
must nle their graduation schedules between S
and o o'clock on Thursday n<*xt.
MiM Mary Bently '01 will be the leader or a
m«*tiny of the Youns Women's Christian Asso
ciation to meet Tuesday afternoon at 4:1»
o'clock in Stiles Hall. The Rev. Dr. Hayes
of Sau Francisco will address the Young Men •
Christian Association at 7:15 o'clock th<> same
evening on "Do Missions Pay?" Fred Lauter
will be the leader of a meetins oi toe x. M.
C. A. at 5:05 o'clock on Tnursuay axicrnoon m
Stiles Hall. " when his subject will be VTnc
Rule ot Service."
The second of the series of six lecture* on
bibliography will be given in the Bacon Art
Gallery at 7:3O o'clock on Thursday evening.
H. R. Mead will then sj>eak upon "Reference
Work and Bibliography."
Dr 8 C McKay has been secured to ad
dress a meeting of the physics department at
4:15 o'clock Friday afternoon in South Hall on
"Recent Work on the Hall Effect."
"Modern Revisions of the Problem Of
Knowledge" is the subject ot a lecture to b»
delivered before the Philosophical Union at S
o'clock Friday evening in the Philosophy
building. Professor C. M. Bakewell of tae de
partment to te the sycaker.
Football games are scheduled tftis weeK for
Wednesday, when the freshnwn will contest
with the Lick eleven, and for Saturday, when
the varsity will meet the Sherma* Indiana.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda County.
S.VTCRDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
Mary N. Rayon (widow) to George Sargent
(single) lot en XE corner of Fifth and Union
strer-13. E Z$:.l by N 101. lota !> and tl>. block
\u25a0iS'J. map No. •£. Brlggs Tract, Oakland; $10.
Phoebe J aiid Daniel J. Quimby. Caroline
Homan, B. U and Grace Smith ('Ionian) to
Jennie McCall Ellas (wife of P. L..). lot on S
lino of Tenth street. 75 \\" of Jefferson, W 25 by
S 100 lot 115. Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
$lo.
E. P. McQuesten (single) to Albert Currlin.
lot on N line of Hilfcborough street, 2T>0 W
from B line of Watson Tract, \V" 224 to -Junction
of E lii.e of Bay street, thence, alons E Una
of Bay to S line of PeValta. E 133, rt 171. being
portion of lot 9 and all of lots 4 and •'>, plat 12.
Wataon Tract. East Oakland; $11).
John M. and Emma A. Duvls to Jarfies E.
Arthur, lot on NE corner of Thirty-fourth and
Masnollna streets. N 1(H> by E 6.":t», block CS1,
Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mattnew <or Mathew) Patrick to Manu-sl de
Costa, iot on W.line of Hannah street. 100 N
of A, N 25 by W i:*".. bfing subdivision A of
lot Jl. block 7S>4, map No. 2. Watts Tract,
Oakland. $10. . , .
Louis D. Reeb (single) to James t're. lot on
SE line of {Seventh nvenue. 125 SW of li»3t
gevcnteentn srixi .. SW 25 by SB 131>. block .si.
Clintun, East Oakland : $10. • '
Sarah L. Fairbanks (widow) to O»car and
Dora E. Metzler, lots 10 to li block B, EditH
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Realty Syndicate to Eugene E. Pradels (sin
rle), lot 7. block lo, McGee Tract, plat B7.
etc.. Berkeley: $10. .
Elizabeth G. Witter (wife of W. G.) to
George F. Witter Jr., lot on E line of Louisa
street. 2SO N of Cedar. N 8l> by E 101 :<$. block
tj. Graves and Taylor Tract, deed given to
supplement deed from W. O. Witter to Georg*
W. Witter Jr.. dated October 2S, '01. quit
claim deed, Berkeley, «1O. ,
Eliza H. Scotchler (widow) to Peter L,.
George, lot on W line of Ellis street. 418:6 N
of Ashby avenue. N 33 by W 12O. belnr N 35
feet of lot »4. lands or Rezent-street Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
George Sauer (widower) to Thomas S. Scha
llch, lot 10. block 31, map of subdivision of
block 31. Fitch Tract. Alameda: $10.
E M. Hinch (single) to Alfred E. Hllder
gard and Richard T. Nlcolettl, lot on S tin*
of Sycamore street. 45O W of Telegraph ave
nue. W 19:10 by S 10O, Oakland; $tO.
Ben F. and Clara N. Woolner to Stef&n»
Luvisune, lot on B line of Poplar «tre«t. 108:9
S of Twenty-sixth. S 25 by B 115, Mock P.
map of survey of Northern extension. Oakland;
$10.
Harris Garcelon (slnsrle) to same, same, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $10.
Sarah A. McKee (wldow> to John A. Brltton.
lot 1. block 15. map Santa Fe Tract Xo. 5,
Oakland: $10.
Mary "W. BlUlnifs to Mary T. McCarthy, lot
50, map of Locksley Square. Oakland, warranty
deed: *10.
Thomas L. Heaton to Carrie M. Heaton. lot
on S\V comer of Haste street and Colle.g* ave
nue. VT 120 by 8 00:4. lots 7 and 8, Bell Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
F. S. and Emily M. Pa«» (wife) to Luna
P Griffith (wife of Hansforri B.). lot on W
line of Piedmont avenun (Mark), 100 I* of
Derby (Russ). N 5O by W 135. betny portion
of. lots 8 and 9. Mock 5. property of John
Kearney, etc.. Berkeley: $10O.
Elizabeth M. Trenouth to Denis C. Dinan.
lots 1 and 2, block 36. tract B. Berkeley L*nd
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$10." '- - .
Frederick and Annie C. Swan fwlf«> to Wil
liam Ebert. lot on S line of Taylor avenue. 129
E of Third avenu«, E 30 by S 130. being: por
tion of Anghlnbaugh 223-acre tract. Alameda;
$10.
Rector Goes to Boston.
BERKELEY, Sept. 25. — The .Her.
Edward Lambe Parsons, rector of St.
Mark's Episcopal Church, has left for
Boston to be in attendance upon the
general convention there of the Epis
copal church. He is accompanied by
his sister. Miss Mary Parsons. In re
turning he will be accompanied by his
wife, who -is now on a visit to her
father. Professor Brush of the Shef
field Scientific School at Yale.
Educator Snccnmb* to Paralysis.
ALLEXTOWN, Pa., Sept. 23. — Rev.
Jacob Stelnhauser, D. D., pastor ot
St. Michael's Lutheran Church and
professor in Hebrew in Muhlenberg
College, sustained his third, stroke ol
paralysis while preaching a sermon
in German to-day and died a few
hours later, aged 54 years.
The work of developing the new
Santa Fe tract in Lorin is being rapid
ly completed. It is expected that the
tract will be thrown open to pur
chasers about the end of October. This
tract is situated between Sixty-third
and Sixty-sixth streets and extends two
blocks north from Shattuck avenue.
Streets are being cut through the tract
In both directions and two steam roll
ers, with a large crew of men. are lay
ing the macadam. Sidewalks are be
ing laid on all the streets and the
ground on the lots has been broken
and smoothed ready for building.
The Board of Trade of Fruitvale has
ordered 3500 maps of the district
printed for circulation among 1 home
seekers and real estate men. Of these
maps 2500 will be of a convenient size
for the pocket and 1000 will be large
office maps. The cost of printing the
maps will be $225 and they will be
retailed at a price just sufficient to
cover the expense. It is intended that
the small maps shall be used as ad
vertising features by the real estate
firms handling Fruitvale realty.
IRVINGTOX, Sept. 25. — The gym
nasium, the last of the new buildings
ar Anderson's Academy, is now fin
ished. The addition of this structure
makes the equipment of the academy
complete. The building is a large one
story frame structure, well lighted and
ventilated, provided with large locker
rooms and shower and plunge baths
and fitted with modern apparatus. It
was designed by Architect GottschalK
of San Francisco and erected by Ir
vine & Griffin of Irvington.
The Oakland Meat Company Is to
have a building of its own at the
stockyards in Emeryville. A contract
has just been let for the erection of a
three-story brick structure, which will
cost about $16,000.
There has been a lull in the Oak
land real estate market during the
week, as nearly all of the real estate
dealers have been . devoting 1 their
energies to working for the success .of
the improvement bonds. There has
been a steady demand for houses for
rent, however, and agents find it al
most impossible to accommodate tht#
steadily increasing numbers seeking
homes in this city. Cottages and flats
are in greatest demand among rent
ers, but there are also many Inquiries
for houses of from eight to twelve
rcoms.
An extensive manufacturing indus
try, which will give employment to
many workmen, is to be established in
Oakland within the next sixty days,
the company having been already or
ganized, with a capital stock of
560,000. Curtis" Wright Jr. of Car
thage, Mo., is the promoter of the new
enterprise and the other members of
the company are all prominent busi
ness men. The company, through Mr.
Wright, has obtained the Pacific Coast
agency for the manufacture of an im
proved steel bed spring and the neces
sary machinery for the plant has al
ready been ordered from the East.
Mr. Wright has an option on a suit
able building for a factory on the
water front in the business section of
Oakland. The new factory will at
first give employment to between fifty
and one hundred men, but as soon as
operations are well under way the
working force will be. increased per
manently to nearly 200.
More street and sewer work lias
been done in Oakland during the past
summer than has ever before been ac
complished In the same time. Charles
F. Ott, Superintendent of Streets, will
this month issue 25,000 individual
assessments, covering an expenditure
oi! $250,000. All these assessments are
for improvements to streets and
sewers. The .property assessed for
these improvements Includes more
than 100,000,000 square feet.
Secretary Edwin Stearns of the Oak
land Board of Trade says that several
of the Knights Templar, who cams
from Eastern States to attend the con
clave in San Francisco and who visited
Oakland during their stay across the
bay, have since purchased homes in
this city. One of the Knights has pur
chased property on Webster street, the
value of which is $10,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 25.
SAYS HIS MIND
IS NOT FAILING
The Rev. Thomas P. Boyd, evangel
ist, commenced a week of special serv
ices to-day at the Twenty-third-avenue
Baptist Church.
The Rev. Kobert J. Renison who will,
on October 1, become curate of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, conducted
services at that church this morning.
The Rev. Charles T. "Walkeley, the rec
tor, preached this evening.
Music of high order was sung this
morning at the First Unitarian Church,
under direction of D. P. Hughes, with
Mrs. George F. Westall organist. The
programme follows: Selections from
Mendelssohn's Athalie by the full
chorus, with incidental solo by Mrs.
Charles Poulter and Mrs. F. A. Wasley;
"The Lost Chord" (arranged by E. N.
Anderson) by a female chorus; bass
solo, "Judge Me, O God" (Dudley
Buck), by, John Williams.
Professor C. S. Nash of the Pacific
Theological Seminary conducted serv
ices to-day at the Second Congrega
tional Church.
At the First Methodist Church to
day the Rev. I. N. Halliday preached
in the morning. The Rev. G. M. Rich
mond of Sacramento occupied the pul
pit in the evening.
The Re.-. James Whitaker conducted
services this morning at Chester-street
Methodist Church.
Superintendent Halliday begins his
second year in the capacity of salaried
head of the school. There are four
such paid superintendents of Sunday
schools in Northern California, three
in San Francisco and one in Oakland.
The Rev. C. M. Hill, former pastor
of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church,
preached his farewell sermon to-day
and closed a pastorate of eleven years
with that church. At the evening serv
ices Dr. Hill conducted a special pro
gramme of hymns and anthems, during
which he gave the history of several
of the sacred compositions that .were
sung by the choir. Dr. Hill has accept
ed the post of president of the Pacific
Coast Baptist Theological Union^ which
will establish a seminary for theolog
ical students at Berkeley. The church
will hold a reception Friday evening
in honor of the retiring pastor and
his family.
The hour of Sunday school exercises
af the First Methodist Church has been
changed, after much consideration,
from 12:30 o'clock, afternoon, to 10
o'clock, morning. The innovation was
made to-day. One or two of the senior
Bible classes will continue to meet
after morning worship. The new offi
cers of the Sunday school will be in
stalled next Sunday by the Rev. E.
R. Dille, the pastor, as follows: Super
intendent, I. N. Halliday; assistants,
M. T. Colcomb, J. C. Hill, L. N. Gross,
F. A. Souder. Miss Eleanor Johnson;
secretary, Clarence Beetle; assistants,
Ernest Holcomb, Howard- Taylor;
financial . secretary A. H. Trathen;
treasurer, F. A. Webster; librarian,
Ross C. Hartley; pianist, Miss Fern
Frost: superintendent boys' and girls'
division, Mrs. G. G. Boehm; superin
tendent children's division, Mrs. T. H.
Hageman; superintendent beginners'
division. Miss Delia Mincher.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 25.
To-morrow the final blows will be
struck by the campaign committee in
the effort to arouse the voters to that
pitch of enthusiasm which inspires men
to not only vote themselves, but be
come proselyting missionaries.
Three noonday meetings are to be
held at the West Oakland railroad
yards to-morrow, one at 12:15 o'clock
and two at 12:30.
"It's a pleasure to talk to the railroad
men," said Secretary Stearns of the
Board of Trade to-day.. "They ask
questions intelligently, showing that
they have followed the arguments, pro
and con, in this matter. I think the
bonds will get a big majority in West
Oakland, because the project seems to
be thoroughly understood there."
All the bond workers will concentrate
their efforts to-morrow night in a pa
rade and mass-meeting on the high
school steps. C. J. Heeseman, marshal
af the parade, has secured the services
of four bands, which give their talents
to the ' affair free of charge. Citizens
representing all the improvement clubs
and the commercial organizations will
march from the City Hall to the Elev-
attractive appearance.
"All we ask," said John T. Bell, chalr
ma|of the press committee of the Pro
grSI Federation, "is that in the next
twenty-four hours every citizen who
can will inspect the Central Park tract,
see for himself what it is and then vote
as his judgment directs."
Parks and boulevards are essential factors
in every modern city. They are worth all they
cost In enhancing the beauty, lvealthfulness and
comfort of the community. Well paved streets
are valuable assets to-day in every city that
would attract additional inhabitants. Dayton.
Ohio, was started on an era of prosperity and
progress by a general movement to pave the
streets, nnd It row merits th<J name of "Thfl
Gem City." Kvery time I return to my former
home I am Impressed with its cleanliness anil
air of refinement. No one there would willingly
return to the former condition of muddy streets
and unkept yards nnd alleys.
It pays to improve the sanitary service of a
city. Given a beautiful site., with good sewers
nnd clean streets, larje public parks, commo
dious school bulldlncs constructed according to
the approved experience cf other cities and
you have a j place where people will delight
to dwell. Civic pride will be generated. Homes
will be biil'dfd wherein good citizens will ba
trained for the public weal. Churches will bs
maintained and the moral tone of the entire
community will be raised higher. As a citizen
«<s well as e clergyman I would rejolcs to see
Oakland take this step forward. .
Thousands visited the Central Park
tract to-day, free tickets having been
issued in large quantities by the Pro
gress Federation for this purpose. In
tense interest in the various features
of the tract has been roused by the
controversy concerning its merits as a
site for the largest park of Oakland,
and In the park could be seen to-day
groups of citizens discussing earnestly
the points involved in the controversy.
The rains have freshened the vegeta
tion of the tract, and it presented an
Oakland should be a model city. Nature has
mad? it easily possible to bring about this
result physically. Money and honesty com
bined with taste and ability are all that we
require. If the citizens are assured of the
honesty and ability of the officers in charge
of public affairs they will .doubtless vote In
favor of bonds. The present city government
enJOya the confidence of the community. This
seems a peculiarly favorable time to begin to
mnke Oakland a model city.
The Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, gave
his views, strongly favorable to the
bonds, in a discourse on "The 'Model
City." Dr. Baker said:
Voting for the bonds does not commit us to
any given estimate of values; it simply in
structs the representatives of the city as to
the procedure they may lawfully take. For
one. I am absolutely certain that our present
officials are worthy of complete confidence and
that they will Jealously guard the interests of
the city. The issuance of the bonds will be
the longest step forward we have ever taken
and will be the beginning of an era of progress
that will not end until Oakland shall have
taken her place as one of the easily recognized
leading cities of the entire Union.
That there should be some honest difference
of opinion as to details ia not surprising when
such large plans are under consideration. Per
haps it Is charitable for us to recall that
many good people are deficient in constructive
Imagination and that they are more skillful
in negative criticism than in positive leader
ship. It is certainly remarkable that the citi
zens to whom we look for "light and leading"
upon large questions are nearly unanimous in
heartily supporting the proposed plan of Im
provement.
For some time a spirit of progress has been
at work among us. This spirit has found its
culminating expresson In the proposed bond
issue. The scheme of Improvements thus con
templated is wise and comprehensive, thor
oughly in harmony, with the highest civic
Ideals now prevalent among the leading think
ers of the world, admirably adapted to the
present needs of our city and finely calculated
to enhance our reputation and elevate our total
character as a progressive municipality. In
adding to the beauty of the city this scheme
reaches the highest point of civic wisdom and
idealism and it is not surprizing that it should
excite dissent from those Investments that
yield an immediate cash dividend.
In providing - for a first-class polytechnic
high school it meets one of the most urgent
needs of a modern city. The number of small
parks and playgrounds Is a provision that is
at the same time humane, artistic and educa
tional. If the citizens of Oakland could have
gone with me this summer through the over
crowded, sweltering sections of some our great
cities not a single dissenting vote would be
cast against these propositions. The whole
plan naturally culminates in the Central Park,
which is admirably located for the needs of
Oakland at the present time and the immediate
future. •
Dr. Vocburgh said in this connection:
From two pf the principal pulpits of
Oakland discourses were delivered to
day urging, as a means of civic im
provement, the support by the citizens
of .Oakland of the proposed bond issue.
At the Firat Baptist Church the pas
tor, the Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, raised
his voice in eloquent appeal. This
clergyman had returned recently from
an extended tour of the East. He il
lustrated his remarks with experiences
of his trip, citing what had been ac
complished elsewhere to further the
progress of communities.
Dr. Vosburgh is enthusiastic in his
eulogy of Oakland as a city for home
folk, in comparison with cities in the
East visited by him. He devoted his
address this evening- to a discussion or
"The Science of Voting," dealing at
length with the power and privileges
enjoyed by the American voter and the
responsibilities that are coincident with
the suffrage he enjoys.
Political duties were described by the
minister as calling for great wisdom
and discretion in their discharge. From
a consideration of the important polit
ical issues to be decided at the coming
State and national elections, Dr. Vos
burgh diverged to a plea to voters — to
all — to rally enthusiastically and with
one accord in support of the project to
beautify and improve Oakland by vot
ing 'bonds and thus securing money
with which to make of the city a place
to be proud, a city of which none need
be ashamed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 25.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
First Methodist Arranges
a Morning Hour for the
Young People of Church
Central Park Tract Under
Scrutiny by Hundreds of
Citizens— Parade Planned
City Has Expended Nearly
$250,000 in Improvements
During the Last Summer
With the object of having the voices
of one thousand children blend in one
great chorus Mrs. L. V. Sweesy, su
pervisor of music in the public schools,
is training the girls and boys under
her supervision in the fifteen schools
of Berkeley to sing a select number of
songs during this term. This will be
made a regular practice in the public
schools in the future and every year
will witness a song festival. Mrs.
Sweeey says that in many Eastern
cities annual concerts are given by
school children. It is designed to make
it a popular affair, as a tribute to the
parents who help support the schools.
Therefore it will be opt.ii to the public
and will not be for the "benefit" of
anything.
The Greek theater at the University
of California is such an admirable
place for so large an entertainment
that its use will be sought from the
university. There is no thought of giv
ing the concert before the end of the
term, so thnt there will be ample time
to prepare. The programme will in
clude folk songs, nursery songs, sailors'
songs and others.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept. 25.
Great Chorus Will Enter
tain in Greek Theater
at End of Present Term
PRACTICING ON SONGS
It is said Harding recently received
letter* from the East concerning busi
ness affairs. These greatly distressed
him.
I have known Si.i; .:i p for many years. We
emtttt fr"m Wyoming bounty. Pennsylvania.
Kor ye«re I have been associated with him in
variJUF busim".** iWls. Tfvre ha* b*"fn a re
port circuit ted thst Haniir.f was connected
with a Iniut insurance and collecting ceneem
tn rian Friiiclsco. 1 know this to be untrue.
liarJmi.- baj been comi/lainlr.jt of his health
for t-..m» time. Atio-jt two necks ago he had
a ttrckc cf apoplexy. I was at h!s home and
esFisteJ hli.i. He seemed to be much better
after .his attack, but to me has not assumed
hi« :. \u25a0:::..! Mate since. I ftel pure that he
attempted his life while out of his head, de
j.iftyseil from th* state of his health.
C. W. Kelly, a lifelong friend of
Harding, went to the latter's home this
morning at 11:30 o'clock with his chess
board under his arm. expecting to play
his weekly game with his old acquaint
ance. Kelly has been a regular Sun
day visitor at the Harding house for
many months. He was stunned by the
news of his friend's deed.
Concerning the case Kelly said:
Harding shot himself in the right
side of the head, the bullet passing
throutrh the forehead and out above
the left ear. He was found sense
leey lying in bed, the pistol having
dropped to the floor.
Harding formerly practiced his pro
fession in San Francisco, but has not
been actively engaged in business * of
any kind for about three years, not
since he went to reside in South Berke
ley. H<? was reticent about his per
sonal and business affairs.
J. H. Harding, for many years a
member of the State Legislature of
Pennsylvania and later an attorney of
San Francisco, shot himself through
the head yesterday noon at his resi
dence. lC^l Fairview street. South
Berkeley, la an attempt to commit sui
cide. Hanlinss case is wrapped in
mystery. Neither his wife nor his
friends offer any explanation for the
deed other ..an a suspicion that de
spondency over ill health might have
b^en the cause.
There was no warning of the deed.
A I'istuI shot from a bedroom alarmed
Sirs. Harding, whose screams upon dis
covery of her husband's suicidal act
attracted neigh bor*. who ran to the
residence. Dr. Z. Kelly was called, but
after giving temporary relief sent the
wounded lawyer to - C'. iola Hospital.
Kecovery Is doubtful.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Seat. 23.
J. H. Harding Shoots Him
self While Lying in Bed
at His Berkeley Home
EXACT CAUSE UNKNOWN
SUNDAY SCHOOL CHANGE
OPINIONS AT VARIANCE
His Action in Granting a
Nunc Pro Tune Divorce
Order to Be Reviewed
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Sept. 26.
According to a writ of mandate is
sued by the Supreme Court yesterday,
Judge Hepry Melvin must either sign
a final decree of divorce in the case
of P. Claudius vs."' Gesine Claudius or
show how he came to sign a nunc pro
tune interlocutory decree of divorce in
the case a week ago. The case is one
where he granted a final decree a year
ago, which decree was afterward held
by the Supreme Court to be invalid
under the statute.
On petition of Attorney Asa V. Men
denhal! a few. days ago Judge Melvin
treated the final decree he had signed
as an interlocutory decree and granted
a nunc pro tune decree in its stead.
This application was made by Men
denhall to save his client a year's wait
and as soon as he had the Judge's sie
nature to his decree, dated back a year,
he presented him with a final decree to
sign, the record showing the divorce
was granted a year ago.
When it came to taking the final
step Judge 'Melvin demurred and said
the nunc pro tune order only began to
operate when filed with the County
Clerk and that the order in reality had
no effect. Mendenhall immediately
went up to the Supreme Court and yes
terday the Supreme Justices took the
view that he ought to sign the final de
cree and issued the writ prayed for.
CROWD INSPECTS SITE
AVOIMv ON THE STREETS
Children of the Berkeley
Public Schools Prepare
to Sing in Big Concert
Rev. C, M. Hill Preaches His
Last Sermon to the Bap
tists of Tenth Avenue
Cited Before the Supreme
Court to Show Why He
Does Not Sign Decree
Cnrtiss Wright Jr. of Car
thage, 3Io., to Establish a
Big Mannfacturing Plant
Retired Attorney. Late of
San Francisco. Uses Pis
tol in Suicidal Attempt
Ministers Urge the People
to Vote for the Proposed
Municipal Bonding Plan
SENDS BULLET
THROUGH BRAIN
THOUSAND WILL
BLEND VOICES
SAYS FAREWELL
TO HIS FLOCK
SOUND SLOGAN
FOR PROGRESS
NEW INDUSTRY
FOR OAKLAND
MELVIN MUST
ANSWER WRIT
NEWS OF THE COUNT Y OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1U0*.
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TILE CALL IS
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1018 Broadway-
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street-^
Telephone North 7".
ALAMEDA.
1-133 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 5o».
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA
sufferers, read what
and GLYCOZONE have done for a
celebrated Journalist in on© week.
Prof. Charles Marchaad.
Dear Sir: One week'ttreitoaent with yoarHnUo.
zone and Glytwn* not only reUered butabi2KI£
rooted out a condnwn of eczema that has -omedaad
perplexed me far the past tea year*. Your. Terr truly
Joseph Il«w»rd, Jr.. 150 Nassau St. NY
Free trial bottles of Hydrozone arid
Glycozone sent on receipt of 35c. to r» T
espressage. These preparations are harm-
less, yet powerful p-rmicides. used bv lead-
ing physicians. Sold by best druggists.
/Q . A A
61-O Prince St.. New York.
Send for booklet how to prnent and cure dueatcWIRELESS MESSAGES
FRO3I EIFFEL TOWER,
PARIS, Sept 25.— The government
is about to install the . first French
wireless telegraph sation on an Island
off the Westernmost point of France.
This will be used to communicate with
incoming and outgoing trans-Atla:itic
steamships. The War Department
also is extending the use of wireless
telegraphy.
Experiments made at, the EifJel
tower during the past week permitted
the army officials here to carry on
wireless communication with .Dijon.
2l'O mills distant. •
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc., at low rates. One trunk (stn
crle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor St., 650 Market
St., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 4tt»
HOME PARTIES.
Miss Eleanor Connell entertained at
luncheon In her studio on Thursday
last in honor of Miss Agnes Murphy,
Miss Moore of London and Mrs. Jarrett
Richards of Santa Barbara. Later a
few friends dropped in and a short
musical programme was enjoyed,
among the numbers being "Elsa's
Dream," "Elizabeth's Greeting" and
"The Llbestod" (Wagner), with Fred
erick M. Blggersto at the piano. Among
the visitors were Mrs. E. B. Holladay,
Mrs. L. H. Long, Mrs. A. M. Burker,
Mrs. F. C. de Long, Mrs. George Mar
tin, Miss Winchell, Dr. A. C. Phelan,
C. H. Lombard and Frederick M. Gil
more.
Miss Agnes Haneen was the hostess
at a farewell party held in her home,
1105 San Bruno avenue, on September
16. The house looked extremely pretty
with decorations of smilax'and carna
tions. At the close of the evening's en
tertainment an elaborate' supper was
served to the following guests: Helen
Salter, Alice Inger. RuthSonderup, An
nie Gilholly, Elizabeth McCarthy,- Helen
Kelly. Alexandra, Hansen, Vallery
Hansen, Frieda Scholoe, Laura Scholoe,
Genevleve Mosbache, ' Cecelia Manton,
Dorothy, Anna and Georgia Rheinhold.
Florence .. Blrgle, Emily Grellman and
Annie Donovan.' \'
Mr. and , Mrs. Maurice Rosenblum of
1839 Larkin • street celebrated : their
crystal wedding Thursday, September
BREMEN, Sept. 25. — At a meeting
of the Social Democratic Congress
here, after a debate in which the
prosecution of Russian subjects at
Koenigsburg, on the charge of treason
against the Russian realm, lese ma
jeste against Emperor Nicholas and
conspiracy to circulate literature for
bidden In Russia by smuggling it
across the frontier, was discussed,
resolutions were adopted pledging the
support of the German Socialists to
Russian workingmen, particularly by
sending the printed matter, and de
manding the passage of laws defining
the rights of foreigners In Germany.
Herr Liebknecht, principal counsel
for the men tried at Koenigsburg, de
clared that the Government and the
courts admitted that foreigners did
not enjoy any legal protection in Ger
many, but were liable to domicilary
visitations, arbitrary arrest and in
definite confinement. • • -« -, W-t
Recent Prosecution of Russians for
Lese Majeste Arouses the
Socialists.
NO LEGAL PROTECTION
FOR ALIENS IN GERMANY
BUENOS AYRES. Sept. 25. — Con
f.wnation has been received here ol
tire report of the conclusion of peace
between the Uruguayan Government
and the revolutionists under General
M'unoz. There is g-eneral rejoicing: here
and in Uruguay over the outcome.
It is expected that claims will be
presented by diplomatic representa
tives of foreign Governments for dam
ages and losses to foreie^i residents to
the amount of several million dollars,
and the financial outlook is conse
quently gloomy.
Fprefcm Residents Will Put in Claims
for Losses AcKregatine Several
Millions.
URUGUAYANS MUST PAY
FOR THEIR REVOLUTION
LONDON, Sept. 25. — Lady Curzon
of Kedleston passed a quiet night, but
her condition is still very grave. It is'
understod she was not so well during
the afternoon, but a bulletin issued
at 7:30 o'clock to-night said:
"Lady Curzon's condition remains
much the same, but her strength has
been fairly maintained during the
day."
. In a news agency's dispatch, which
has not been confirmed, it is said that
"Her Ladyship's condition Is so grave
that certain preparations for sustain
ing life were ordered this afternoon by
special train from London." v>; ?
A dispatch from Walmer Castle 'at
10 o'clock to-night says:
"The improvement of Lady Curzon's
condition is well maintained and the
doctors state that if her strength can
be held during the next two days
there will be hope of her recovery."
Next Two Days Will Determine Her
Chance of Restoration to
Health.
CRISIS IX LADY CURZOX'S
CONDITION NOT PASSED
CLUB PARTIES.
The directors of the Entre Nous Co
tillon have issued invitations for their
fifteenth season. The opening assembly
and german will take place on Friday
evening, October 28. in the ballroom of
the Palace Hotel.
The ladies' auxiliary of the Young
Men's Hebrew Association gave a whist
tournament and promenade concert to
their members and friends yesterday
afternoon.
The directors of the Deutscher Club
are making extensive arrangements for
their annual ball, to take place Satur
day, October 22, at Golden Gate Hall.
PERSONALS.
John H. Mahonev of Dixon, who has
been on a pleasure trip to Honolulu,
recently returned on the steamship
Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Mur have return
ed from Europe to their home at 861
Hayes street.
Mrs. Carlos S. Nuna, who has been
visiting her parents in this city for
two months, will return to her home in
Portland, Oregon, on September 30.
Mrs. Charles H. HolbrooK, accompa
nied by her daughter, Mrs. D. H. Hare,
left Thursday, .via the Canadian Pa
cific, for an extended Eastern tour,
which will include a visit to the St.
Louis Exposition.
Mrs. William John, accompanied by
Mrs. William E. Brodersen and Miss
Lillian John, have left for an extended
Eastern trip. . . f
Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Harris, who
have been visiting relatives in this
city, left last week for their home in
Nashville, Tenn.
Leslie G. Kean, paymaster of the Or
egon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany, was the recipient of a gift of
friendship by the employes of the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company
on the occasion of his marriage to Miss
Mary E. Denvir, which took place last
week,
YOSEM1TE VAULEY.
Southern Pacific Offers Reduced Rates
The oiled etage road of the Southern Pacific
route had very little dust, but that little has
been laid by the recent rains. Travelers who
take advantage of the low round trip rate of
J4S 50, offered until October 13, will find the
Southern Pacific route almost perfect. This
rate doesn't mean Just a trip to Yosemite and
back; It includes Pullman accommodations
both ways, insuring absolute comfort; meals
and lodginss at first-class hotels and carriage
drives to all principal points of Interest In
the valley. But most important is the visit
to the California Big Trees, which Is also
included. These famous trees — "Grizzly Giant."
"Wawona" and others — can be seen In no
othfir way. Ask about this offer to-day at
Southern Pacific office. 613 Market st. •
ROME, Sept. 25. — The Vatican has
sent to Paris a special courier with
important documents, reported to con
cern possible negotiations for a
Franco-Vatican rapprochement. This,
although very difficult to arrange, is
not considered impossible, as, accord
ing to information received by the
Holy See. President Loubet, Foreign
Minister Delcasse, Minister of Public.
Instruction Chaumie, ' Minister of
Finance Iiouvier and Minister of Pub
lic Works Maruejouls are in favor of
such an understanding.
Pope Pius this morning received
1000 members of the Catholic Assp
ciation of French Youths, whose presN
dent delivered an address protesting
against attacks on Catholicism and its
head. The Pope replied in a long
speech, which, however, contained no
allusion to the conflict between the
French Government and the Vatican
except, perhaps, when he said the pro
test of the president of the Catholic
Association was truly consoling 1 , as it
assured the Pontiff that, amidst pres
ent difficulties, the Pope would have
these young sons of France on his side
in the struggle.
Special Courier' Is Now Conveying
Important Documents to
Paris.
VATICAN MAKES PIJACE
OVERTURES iTO FRANCE
Miss Ella Schohay and George Mc-
Donald celebrated their marriage on
Wednesday evening at the residence
of the bride's uncle, A. Schohay, 306
Hayes street. The home was very
handsomely decorated for the occasion.
Both families, old residents of Hayes
Valley, are well known in social and
business circles. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. J. P. Turner ,of the
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samar
itan. Miss Annie Beran was brides
maid and W. Allen performed the du
ties of best man. The pair are now on
their bridal trip to St. Louts? after
which they will travel abroad.
A pretty wedding was celebrated
Thursday evening, September 15, when
Miss Mattie E. Gibbons became the
bride, of William J. Harry at the home
of th** bride's parents, 844 Capp street.
Rev - RS.iiSta 01^ oi Trinity Presbyterian
.ChurdC-ii.ciaWd. Miss Lydia Gibbons,
sister of the bride, '-acted as maid of
honor and Edwin Harry, brother of
the groom, as beat man. After an ex
tended trip through Southern Callfor
nlt Mr. and Mrs. Harry will occupy
their new home, now in the course of
construction in this city.
A pretty autumn wedding was that
of Miss Medey Corbett and Charles
Shipman, celebrated .last week in the
rooms of the Century Club on Sutter
street. Rev. Mr. Bradbury officiating.
The rooms were charmingly decorated,
particularly the dining hall, where pink
sweet peas and carnations were used
with fine effect. The bride was very
attractive in her simple gown of white
organdie and lace. She was attended
by Miss Alma Koepke, while Martin
Cox attended the bridegroom. The bride
is a daughter of William Corbett, man
ager of the Pierce-Rodolph Storage
Company. Mr. and Mrs. Shipman will
reside at 181 Belvedere avenue.
On Wednesday evening Miss Annie
Griffin became the bride of Joseph
Losekann. The groom' has been con
nected with the Pacific States Tele
phone and Telegraph Company for a
number of years. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. H. B. Col
lier. Miss Carrie Gagger served as
bridesmaid and Harry Losekann at
tended the groom. The young people
are now making an extended tour of
the northern part of the State and on
their return will live at their new
home, 3636 Sixteenth street.
A quiet wedding took place at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. H. Lipscombe,
860 West street, Hollister, September
21, when their daughter, Florence Isa
bel, became the wife of Conover Aus
tin.
The bride, who is well known in Hol
lister, was charming '1n~ her cream col
ored lace dress, her only ornaments
being white oleanders. Mr. Austin, who
has lived here more than thirty years,
Is well and favorably known. The
couple left immediately for a trip to
San Francisco.
Miss Mary Griffith, better known to
the professional world as Miss Virginia
Ainsworth, the young California prima
donna, and Victor .St Claire Paine,
vice president of the Embree Iron
Company and general manager of the
Imboden Coal and Coke Company, were
united in marriage last week by the
Rev. W. H. T. Squires at the First
Presbyterian Church at Bristol, Pa.,
The wedding was a surprise to their
friends and was witnessed by only a
few relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Paine left on the noon
train for San Francisco, where Mrs.
Paine's parents live. On their return
East they will make Bristol their
home.
WEDDINGS.
Mr. and Mrs. Lutz recently celebrated
the twenty-seventh anniversary of their
marriage in company of friends — Mrs.
Gill and her son, Dr. J. K. Gill— from
their former home in Minnesota. . A
"josshouse" party was given and the
evening was pleasantly spent. All were
agreed on a preference for the genial
climate of California to the rigor of
Minnesota.
PORTLAND, Sept. 25. —Lieutenant
Colonel William F. Tucker left Port
land to-night for San Francisco,
whence he will sail for the Philippines
on October 1 on the transport Sher
man. Colonel Tucker has been de
tached from duty as chief paymaster
of the Department of the Columbia to
become chief paymaster of the Di
vision of the Philippines.
4. : +
15. They were assisted in receiving by
Mrs. A. Morris and Mrs. J. E. Lewis.
Leaves Portland for Manila.
Mary Queen of Scots, although she
left but one child, has descendants in
every court in Europe.
Miss Mabel L. Wheaton, niece of E.
B. Cutter of 2810 Washington street,
leaves for Manila on the transport
Sheridan October 1 to join her pros
pective husband, who is at present
stationed there.
It has long been suspected 'that Cu
pid has a summer home somewhere on
the hillsides of Sausalito. Now 'tis
positively known— the evidence is con
clusive — for here comes another en
gagement, making the dozenth in these
few fleeting months of summer.
And the happy pair? Miss Linda
Hamilton and Charles Wright of Port
land. At a "tea" given yesterday in
Sausalito by Miss Hamilton in honor
of pretty Miss Henry, who becomes a
bride on Wednesday, toe glad news
was proclaimed. And the "tea" soon
resolved itself into a family affair, as
the fiance of Miss Davis, Lawrence
Ainsworth, is a cousin 6t Mr. .Wright,
the fiance of Miss Hamilton. And con
gratulations fell as thick as the little
silver drops that beat against the win
dow panes. -
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 25. — Four
runaway boys from San Francisco,
G. Meany, M. Dougherty, D. Herlichy
and Frank Kelly, were captured by
the police to-night. They will be held
until their parents can send for them.
Herlichy had a revolver and Kelly had
a razor. They said they were going to
the mountains to dig in the mines.
Sacramento Authorities Nip in Bud
Plans of Four Runaway; San
Francisco Lads. {
BACK TO THE MINES
THESE BOYS WOUIJ) GO
CUPID IS BUSY
AGAIN OVER IN
SAUSALITO
The engagement of Miss Cora Isa
bella McLaren and W-lliam F. Gurney
of Tuolumne has just been announced,
although for some time the betrothal
has been suspected.
The wedding will take place at the
residence of Miss . McLaren's mother,
Monday evening, September 22. Miss
Lillian Riddell will be bridesmaid and
Edgar Le Roy Gurney, brother of
Mr. Gurney, will be best man. There
are to be no guests except members of
the families.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Isaacs of Stock
ton announce the engagement of their
daughter Hilda to Sylvan S. Safferhill.
son of Mr. and Mrs. D. Safferhill of
Stockton.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Michael announce
the engagement of their daughter Ame
lia to Abraham Simon of Bakersfleld.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Weil announce
the engagement of their daughter Edna
to William Rosenthal.
The engagement of Miss Frances
Vragnisan, daughter of J. A. Vragni
san, a wealthy coffee merchant of this
city, and Malcolm Turner of St. Louis,
Is announced. Mr. Turner, who is on
a visit to this coast, met Miss Vrag
nlsan at a dinner given by Miss Nancy
McMenamln of 230& Fulton Btreet. The
wedding will take place in October at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Vrag
nisan, 2S38 Baker street.
After the wedding the happy couple
will leave for their future home in St.
Louis.
J. Pierce Well announces the engage
ment of his daughter Lilian N. to Mor
ris Brilliant.
ENGAGEMENTS.
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash., Sept. 25.
D. W. Steel, a freight brakeman on
the Northern Pacific Railroad, was
roasted to death in a collision at Yak
ima City late last night.
A disabled engine in charge of En
gineer Clarence Shanno was follow
ing a local freight. The freight
slowed down at Yakima and the sec
ond engine crashed into its rear, tele
scoping the caboose and two boxcars.
Steel, who was upon the back plat
form, was pinned down and when the
wreckage caught fire was slowly
burned to death. The trunk of his
body was found upon the pilot. He
leaves a. wife and a family.
The two boxcars, which were filled
with wheat, were totally destroyed.
Engineer Shanno says the air
brakes of the disabled engine failed
to work properly. .
Eneclal Dispatch to Th» Call.
The report concludes with suggesting
the submission of its proposals to a
royal commission.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— The report of the
committee on organization of the Irish
Reform Association, which was adopt
ed at a meeting presided over by Lord
Dunraven at Dublin on Friday, was is
sued to-night. The report outlines an
important scheme for the evolution of
Irish government in finance and local
business.
It suggests the creation of an Irish
financial council, composed of twenty
four members, under the presidency of
the Lord Lieutenant and with the Chief
Secretary for Ireland as vice-president,
twelve members to be elected by
groups of existing Parliamentary con
stituencies and twelve to be nominated
by the crown, one-third of the mem
bers to retire every three years.
The functions of the council will be
to adminster the $30,000,000- expended
annually on Irish service, Parliament,
however, retaining a controlling power,
enabling the House of Commons to re
verse the council's decisions.
The report further suggests that a
statutory body should be created, con
sisting of Irish representative peers and
Irfsh members of the House of Com
mons, in addition to the proposed Fi
nancial Council, and to which should
be relegated all private bill legislation
affecting Ireland and any other Irish
business that might be referred to it
by Parliament.
On October 6 and 7, legions of suf
fragists will assemble in Los Angeles
to take part in the annual convention
of the State Suffrage Association.
From the looks of things now, the
suffragists will overrun the southern
burg, where a warm welcome awaits
them. The work at hand this year
is to present to the thirty-sixth ses
sion of the California Legislature a
monster petition, praying that an
amendment to the constitution, grant
ing equal political rights to women,
be submitted at the following election.
Apropos of the suffrage question,
the story is going the rounds, in
which Susan B. Anthony, the high
priestess of the "equal-rights" sup
porters, Is the heroine. During the
international convention in Berlin, the
Empress of Germany attended a ses
sion of the council, during which she
addressed each leader in her own
tongue. When it came the white
haired American's turn to talk she
bowed low, and said: "Madame, bur
President, Theodore Roosevelt, in
dorses woman's suffrage. Go and tell
your husband this, as he admires our
great leader."
Being a meek and respectful wife,
it is hardly probable that the Empress
did as requested— as she appeared
stunned with the awful information.
But the announcement bore good
fruit- Before the convention ad
journed, many a German household
The California branch Is doing ac
tive service in looking Into matters
that directly concern women's affairs
— not only In colleges, but abroad.
In the discussion that followed the
election, Mrs. Shuey recommended
that a committee be appointed to in
vestigate the instruction in hygiene at
Stanford and Berkeley, also proposing
that an assistant-professorship in hy
giene be established at Berkeley Uni
versity, this chair to be filled by a
woman, who should supervise the
needs of the women students. This
suggestion met with almost unani
mous approval. The national conven
tion of the Alumnae meets in St. Louis
In November. To this Miss May L.
Cheney has been appointed delegate
from the California branch.
The California Branch of the Na
tional Association of Collegiate Alum
nae held its annual meeting on Sat
urday afternoon at 1620 California
street. The retiring officers \vere M'ss
Katherine Chandler, president; Miss
McFadden, vice president: Mrs. Frl
sius, recording secretary; Mrs. Graup
ner, corresponding secretary. Those
elected at the meeting to fill the re
spective positions were Mrs. Adolphus
Graupner, president: Mrs. Moodv, re
cording secretary; Miss MacDougall,
corresponding secretary; Miss Young
was re-elected to the treasurer's of
fice, t
. To-day the Pacific Coast Women's
Press Association is to hold a delight
ful session in Century Hall. The meet
ing promises to be the largest of the
new club year. The attraction? Henry
F. Williams, the pioneer who knows
the earlv history of San Francisco as
the rest of us know our prayers. And
such matter grows in value day by
day, since the time is not far distant
when such Hales can be gleaned only
from the printed page. Then let us
hear the inspired word while yet we
may— and from the lips of the men who
helped make the history of our city.
Besides Mr. Williams' talk, Miss
Elizabeth Jacciues will present some
vocal numbers and a few selections
will be read from the Souvenir Maga
zine, the portfolio of work done by the
clever members of the club. Meeting
at 3 p. m. And let not the rain with
hold able-bodied members from enjoy
ing a rare treat. Why should It— with
rubbers and cars?
The programme was a treat, inas
much as Korea is a tea table topic
these warring days.
And speaking ofi tea, the Forum Club
holds a reputation for good tea, Why
can't other clubs — now, discretion for
bids me to particularize— hunt up the
same formula?
It is only after the Korean wife at
tains to motherhood that she is vested
with any shred of dignity or impor
tance. Poor Korean .women! If they
only had a club or two out there they
would make things lively for those
stupid old pipe-smokers, whose chief
characteristic is that they are good
runners— and mighty bad soldiers— an
attribute of all men who degrade their
womenfolk!
Miss Louise Elliot told of a few so
cial and political changes that had been
effected by the invasion of Americans.
But these reforms have had but little
influence, for the native Is so indiffer
ent to everything except his idea of
crude peace that neither advancement
nor stagnation impresses him, if he is
personally undisturbed. Mrs. Wemple
was in possession of a Korean news
paper, the Korea Daily News, pub
lished in Seoul, from wnich she read
an editorial upon the placidity of the
native temperament, showing its com
plete indifference as to whether Japan
or Russia gained territory if only the
Korean habits, fostered for generations,
be undisturbed. Some Korean articles
of dress and pottery were exhibited,
the property of Mrs. Hunt, who has
lived long in this peaceful seat of war.
Child life in Korea Is said to be beau
tiful, except for those who exhibited
the bad taste to be born women. Until
the age of seven all miniature Koreans
have a merry time, but after a girl
reaches that age she loses her impor
tance and her individuallity, and be
comes known forthwith as Mr. 's
daughter, or Mr. 's wife, all ot
which made the Forum Club women
mighty thankful they weren't^ born
Koreans.
Mrs. Frank Britton presented a pa
per on the general geographical fea
tures of Korea, touching upon the pol
itics of the country— such as it is— and
its weird monetary standards. This
prepared the way for Mrs. S. Marcus,
who told of the home life of Korea,
showing many of the traditions and
customs to be similar to those of other
Oriental nations, differing only in de
tail.
With a zest that augurs well for its
future the Forum Club has swung into
its work — cultural, of course — under
the guidance of Mrs. Fredericks, and
many delightful days are on the cards
for the members and their friends.
Those monthly luncheons now under
discussion sound good. May they ma
terialize, for by these things the de
cadent art of conversation may be re
vivified.
Last Wednesday was current topic
day in the Forum Club. Under, the
clever leadership of Mrs. Wemple Ko
rea was discussed, and many points
hitherto unknown to the ordinary
reader were presented. In view of the
present war conditions the matter
dealt with served to quicken interest
in the strange country that is slowly
awakening to the activities of a new
civilization.
Faulty Air Brakes on Dis
abled Locomotive Said to
Be Caus&jof the Disaster
Another Feature Suggested
Is Formation of Inde
pendent Legislative Body
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
CARS AEE TELESCOPED
SYSTEM OF HOME KULE
Th« fit Louis Fair still holds the
center of the stage— carloads of people
left this week and will next, creating
thereby a sad void in social life.
Club parties are beginning: to show
some' 1 activity, but it will be M^ell along
in October before they assume their
usual festivities.
Studio life, however, is active and
many interesting affairs are on the
cards.
I believe the tax will be carried, I base this
hope upen an Intimate knowledge of the intel
ligent and progressive spirit of the people of
Kausalito JAMES B. DAVIDSOX.
Jn connection with this, it is a matter worth
ferjifla considering the effect that growth has
en the tewn's assessment, and consequently
en the burdens of the town. One hundred new
houses would add 50 per cent to the assess
ment ar4 bring about a proportional reduction
in taxes.
.-<:.\u25a0.\u25a0• can't afford to defeat these bonds.
To r*cs them will be a good advertisement
for- the town and will bring many families to
make ;>erman«nt homes. To defeat bonds for
•r£ool purpose* will warn all men having fam
ilies away from the town, and, more than that.
It will cause many who now reside here to
move to other places where ample school
acccsamodaticn !s provided.
It if known to the people of Sausalito how
thi* n»onty is to be expended. There is to be
a large primary cchool built in South Sausa
lito. a similar school at Waldo Point and at
'.< *-• a lour-room primary in North Sausalito.
adjacent to the present school building. They
nav« my assurance that if voted it will be
::•>\u25a0• carefully handled and that the town will
rtc-rixe full value for every dollar.
Knowing the requirements of the town and
vhe r»i)id growth of the past two years, and
having '..:;.': In the continuance of the ad
\u25a0.auctmvnt. I. when the question of building
BdMSta came up, suggested that ampl* provl
»ions I* made to tide over four years, and in
accordance with th* needs of the district rec
ommended a bond tax of S3'.>.«00 for school
j'uri'o»c«.
Thtre are tnar.y thinzs that make Sausalito
a very drdrahl. ula.ee at the present time for
• jch jieople. It U close to the city, and pic
••-,.•. and retains more of its rural at
tractions than the cities on the east side of
the bay. lias a superior view, better and more
attractive vtttr lucllltics. a magnificent Gov
ernment reservation lytr.g beside it like a great
tiati<-:i«l ;iark. and climate. U not superior. *t
!<.i>t v n a par with that ol her most favored
"r.- 'i!i*T"
- Kor toanv years the slowness of growth was
attributed to the boat service. At last a
< fc«:i£i» took place and for the last two years
r-i u >j..to has had a splendid service. During
thc»e jear* the Flirit of advancement settled
en th<- town and houses sprang up tn every
direction. This development Justified the old
txlief that a good boat s*rvioe would help the
town. I
But the man of family who can afford to
k»«-p a suburban home has many wants along
•the social and institutional line. The fact that
be ha» a family Increases these wants, just as
it ljcrcascs bis value to the to^-n. He want*
from the town a lew things, principal among
. «hKh are rood schools, conveniently located.
»cll «iu!pped and welt conducted, and unless
If car; be a»ut«d of these he is likely to flni
a homf in some other place which can furnish
bin arid his family with the best of educational
aotaritagt-* On the «a*t side of the bay the
tuwns ate vying with one another in the build
ins «f •••hools. AUmeda. In addition to having
\u25baurne halt • dozen \rry large grammar school?,
r«* Jurt completed a magnificent high school.
Hv:kel»y has two high schools and several of
• j.e best grammar schools in the northern part
• \u25a0: \l* State; and Oakland, although sb« now
• }.»> t»o large high schools and more than a
iii.z«n jiriirary and cramirar schools, has re
\u25a0 :.• v xot«-d *dtX),<XK> to build new and better
mchuolr. uakUnd wants ev«>ry man of family
' :n t-x:i tYoncUco to know if he builds himself
a hoa»r within her limits that she will provide
hi* children with the best of school accommoda
«r;d in tfc'.a Oakland seems wise.
TOWN' IS GROWING.
£*.u**!ito is now confronted with the prob
lin ti( building more schools.
. The present accommodations two years has
m*dc Uiadequate. There are at present in
;*.r Khoota of Sausalito pupils enough to fill
two \u25a0=:\u25a0:-\u25a0. rooms, and if the growth of the
lown coKUnues there will b« In increase before
r.<xt July sufficient to fill a third. It is
thtrefort safe to »ay that three new rooms
will be needed by the 1st of July. 19C5.
ATTRACTIVE SUBURB.
PAUSALITO. Sept. 25.— Whether the
people of Fausalito are willing to issue
bunds for $30,000 to defray the cost of
two new schools In the riausallto dis
trict Is the question tnat will be de
cided Wednesday by the voters of the
Mann County town. The improvement
vt the educational facilities of Sausali
to is much desired by those who have
l|ie interests of the town at heart.
Among the ardent supporters of the
Jfc»ond issue is Professor J. B. Davidson,
Superintendent of Schools of Marin
County. His views are expressed in
the following letter:
SALfcALITO. bept. 25.— This fact muit be
fj;4:(r.t to every thinking man interested In
t:.e ero»t.h und i>p*«i»erlty of Sausalito: that
\u25a0 . the lln«* of munici]>al and industrial ad
\«nt*ni»-nt. J^AUsalito must strive to keep pace
**tn the • rther towns Mround the bay, in order
to brine a fair jiroportion of the people looking
!cr fuburban bonus within her boundaries.
Special Difj-atrti to The Call.
\u2666 \u25a0
Mariu County Superintend
ent Says 31ore Buildings
Will Add to City's Worth
... .
CLASSK0031S CROWDED
Exposition Still At
tracts the Haut
Ton.
Residents of Sausalito to De
termine Whether Two New
Schools Are Needed There
Creation of a Financial
Council for the Emerald
Isle Part of the Plan
Slowly Burned to Death Un
der Wreckage of a Train
Derailed in a Collision
Mrs. Lizzie Chamot, Mrs. . Hattle
Wilson. Miss Sadie A. Wafer, Miss
Alice Dunn and Miss Mabel Vander
hoof, active members of the Pianistii
Club, will give a testimonial concert
to their director, Richard A. L«ucche3i,
Friday evening, October 14, at the
United Crafts and Arts building. Mtss
Christine La Barraque, the clever
blind soprano, who has studied with
Mr. Lucchesi for three years, w'M
make her farewell appearance, previ
ous to her departure for the Cast.
At the railroad offices buy a full fare to
Los Angeles and Ret from the agent a receipt
or certificate. During the convention present
certificate to the secretary for indorsement and
on that showing the holder will be entitled to
a return ticket costing one-third of the usual
rate. This sives the faro and a third prom
ised l>y th» railroad companies. Tickets may
be bought fifteen days before the convention.
The return trip will be continuous.
The usual convention rates to Los
Angeles of a rate and a third are
u{£ered by the raijroads to all attend
ing the convention — delegates or vis
itors — involving the privilege of going
south any time within fifteen days be
fore the opening of the convention.
These rates extend to all surrounding
towns. The directions issued by Mrs.
Austin Sperry are as follows:
heard its women discussing the rights
of women to representation — and tne
men seemed to have survived the
shock.
Suffragists Go to Los
Angeles Next
Month.
BOND QUESTION
UP TO VOTERS
AWFUL DEATH
OF BRAKEMAN
IRISH REFORM
ON NEW LINES
KOREA, THE PEACEFUL SEAT OF WAR,
IS DISCUSSED BY THE FORUM CLUB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1901
5
ADVERTISEMENTS,
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Slj? S/fj+^T
Signature of L/tyr^^^ 7&&JU/t£
nyftfly JDL <mk JKbBJBmI JHl BL Mdr
CUTLERY
EVERY.BLADEMRRANTED
4% a m m bjsa Outfits. Guns. Ammunl.
II M t6n I 8 tlon * Fishln K and Outing
III lul W Goods. Tents and sum t*
B|&£IbIB Rent - CATALOG FREE.
U BB I If 1 SHREVE & BARBER CO..
*" m -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 7a » Market St..
. . 621 Kearny st. S. F.
W/.T.HESS;
' Votary Pnblio and Attoniey-at-Z»aw. '
Tenth Floor.' Room 1016, Claus Spreckols bide.
. . Telephone Main- 983. .
Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
\u25a0 ftesideacs Telephone Pas* 6011. I
APVEltTlSF.MEXTS.
™ E LONDON
DIBECTOBY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
tnroeghout the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete comrrercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPORT MERCHANTS
with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc, in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United Kingdom.
.A copy of the 1005 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postosnce Order for $5.
ThcLondonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchurch Lane, London, E. C.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
g| oxl sj ta> Fk^E B^P JW BBJBL^ea SBj
COMPANY.
GROCERS.
Tel. Howard 1986. > 110 Pourta St.
SPECIALS
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
18 lbs. Beit Granulated Sugrar $1.00
With orders. Reg. 16 lbs.
Best Creamery Butter, per square, rejru-
lar size 40c
Reg. 50c.
Oood Table Butter, reg\ 40c 30o
8 lbs. Wavy Beans 35c
Reg. 5c lb.
Choice California Egrgr«. per dozen. . . .30c
Reg. 40c.
Best Laundry Starch (Silver Gloss)... 5c
Reg. 10c. I
Corn Starcb, per lb 5c '
Reg. 3 for 25c. '
6 cans Sardines in Oil ' 25c
Reg. 5c can.
Malted Oats, per package (while they j
last) ...5c
Reg.' 15c. j
Choice Breakfast Coffee, per lb 15c
Fresh roasted. Reg. 20c lb.
9 lbs. Cream Plaked Boiled Oats 25 o
Reg. 6 Ib3 25c. |
Larg*e bottle English Chowchow (while !
they last) 10c t
Reg. 25c.
Larare bottle Queen Olives 25c
Reg. 40c bottle.
Ghirardelli's Cocoa, per can 30c
Reg. 25c.
Ghirardelli's Chocolate, per can 25o
Reg. 30c.
We Pay Freight on Orders of $5.00 and
Over to Points Within 100 Miles.
rdldWG Iee be , utiful
j COURT Lounging
ft flfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r-«- A PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ and the LA
u£±Li~ DIES* WRITING
I notels som, I
AM nRTEM MN'I'Sf,
ALGAZAR B ™r
' General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 50c
WHITE I AMD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In a Grand Revival of Richard Harding Davis*
Thrilling Story of Adventure,
SOLDIERS OF
.FORTUNE
Dramatized by Augustus Thomas.
Monday. Oct. 3, FAREWELL WEEK.
MR. WHITTLESEY as ARMAND DUVAX. In
"CAMILLE."
CENTRALS
Market Street, Near Eighth.. .Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Matchless Cali-
fornia Drama.
THE DANITES]
Adapted from the Famous Story of the Sierras
by Joaquln Miller.
DDirCC Evenings .'.... 10c to 50c
ralLCj Matinees 10c, 15c. 22c
Hext — DEALERS IN WHITE WOMEN.
Cnr^lil • R. Pincus Announces the
NPrLlll » Distinguished European
«J1 LiVlAlv* and SopranOi
MME. PANNIE
FRANCISCA
the Lyric Sensation of To-day, in
TWO EXTRA
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
AT THE AT.HATVTBKA THEATER
NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT. . . . .Sept. 39
VEST SATTJRDA-ST MATINEE . . . . Oct. 1
\ Novelties on Both Programmes. •
i Seats, fa to 75c at Sherman, Clay fc Co.'#
A3rUSEMEXTS.
Seats on Sale
BEN GREET'S
Week of Oct. 3 — Mats. Wed. and Sat.
LYRIC HALL
PBICES.... jpi.r.n, 81.00 and 75c
An
JOSEF HOFMANN
THE GREAT PIANIST
ALHAJnBRA THEATER
Tuesday and Thursday, October 4 and 6
Saturday Matinee, October 8
SEASON SAX.E TO-DAY
SINGLE SEATS THURSDAY
S2.OO, Sl.r.O. $1.OO ana 75c
At SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S. where com-
plete programme may be obtained.
A Vaudeville Revel!
URBANI AND SON;
John P. Kennedy and Carrie Reynolds 1 !
James and Bonnie Parley; Two Pucks;
T. Trovollo; Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Trnesdell; Marvelous Melrosa Trotipa;
Xiawion and Kamos, and Orphenm Mo-
tion Pictures. Showtnsr "Personal." tha
Great Comedy Success, and "A
Drama. In the Air."
Hexular Matine-s Every Wednesday, Tl»ur»-,
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10c, 23c and BOc.
IgrAndss5I§
THIS WEEK AND NBXTt
The Beautlfal Pastoral Play,
| YORK STATE]
EUsest HII U \ An
of the •"\u25a0 V*«*»w taneous
Season. \u25a0 ' Success.
Better than "The Old Homestead"
Matinees Saturday and Sunday
UULUiyiBiM W&m 1HEA.HE
Last 7 Nights^-Mat. Sat.
UP TO AND INCLUDING NEXT SUNDAT.
Hamlln and Mitchell's Extravaganza.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
FRANK DANIELS
In "THE OPTICS BOY."
SOUSA Is coming to the ALHAMBRA.
r— CALIFORNIA—^
ALL. THIS WEEK.
SOW. THTOHAES Presents
RALPH STUART
IX THE BIG SUCCESS. ' i
BY RIGHT OF SWORD
Direct fiom the American Theater,
New York City.
NEXT SUNDAY — Biggest, Brightest.
Best Musical Comedy of the Season.
'•THE TENDERFOOT."
Positively €0 Pecple. including Phil
Ryley. the famous Tweedlepunch In
Flcrodora. 10O nights In New York,
250 nlghta in Chicago. ,
H. "W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
AND ALL. THIS "WEEK.
OLIVER MOROSCO offers his Majestic Theater
Company in a Spectacular Production of the
Revolutionary Romance.
CAPTAIN
BARRINGTON
NIGHT PRICES— 25, 35 and 50 cents.
A few front rows orchestra. 75 cents.
Next Sunday — the first time by any stock com-
pany — Stuart Robsovt's famous succeaa.
"THE HErTBIETTA."
OPERAf 1Y01J HOUSE
SSCONP WEEK
Of the Brilliantly SuccessXul ComJe. Opera
ONLY MATINEE SAT. wO
Same Prices.... 23c. 50c. 75c
In Preparation
DER RASTELBINDER
•" (The Mousetrap Peddler.)
LAST WEEK OF
MISS MAZUMA
The Burlesque Hit of the Season.
Replete With New Songs. Specialties aod
Novelties.
Our Unexcelled Cast and Chorus.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
NOTICE — NEXT JIOXDAY NIGHT
First Production of
"DOWK THE LINE."
(By/ Howard Jacot, Esq.)
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
Absolutely New and Original.
Three Great Acts and Twenty Specialties.
DAISY HARCOURT
And a. Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MIN1ATX7SE ELECTRIC RAEuSOAD.
THREE BABY LJOXS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET I>E LA MORT.
Hear the Pneurpatlc .Symrhony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c t CHILDREN 3c
When Phoning Ask for "Th* Chutes."
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YEAS."IF HE'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR UNCLE SAM, HE'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME."
$50,000 ANNUALLY
FOR HER CLOTHES
Two tailor-made suits. . . .$100
One reception gown •80.
One evening gown .76
Six shirt waists , . . ; : ' 30
Four silk waists 75
Two wraps 100
Two house gowns 50
Five hats 75
Five pairs shoes 20
Lingerie : , 50
Ribbons, gloves, handker
chiefs, etc. 25
Total ._.... $660
WOMAN WITH fflCOME OF $5000
Six shirt waists $ 5 88
One walking skirt 4 98
One suit 10 98
One silk waist 4 98
Two summer hats .... 496
Two winter hats 6 56
Three pairs of shoes.. 9 00
One pair rubbers ... 50
One cloak 18 00
One umbrella 98
One i>arty gown 15 00
Lingerie 15 00
Ribbons, gloves, hand
kerchiefs, etc. ..... 10 00
Total ....$106 82
CHICAGO WORKING GIRL
Half-dozen house gowns....... •••*••• **•*• ; \u2666 450
One dozen house gowns • .•••• • 2,400
One dozen shirt waist suits • 900
One dozen linen outing suits.. • •« 900
One dozen yachting gowns. ••••• 1.200
Three dozen hats •• • •••• 1>80 °
One dozen (formal) afternoon gowns... I'/"' 3>60 °
Half-dozen afternoon wraps... ..........*......... 900
"One fur coat...... .....••• • •••• 1.000
Twenty-five evening gowns 15,000
Four evening wraps .....••• •• • •• 1.000
One dozen house gowns. • 2,400
Three dozen pairs shoes (including slippers).. ,600
One hundred pairs gloves •• ;•• 200
Six dozen pairs hose • 7 °0
Handkerchiefs and neckwear •••'• • BOO
Lingerie •. 6,000
Three automobile outfits..... ••••• ••• 1.500
Total . $39,950
WHAT HEW YORK SOCIETY WOMAN REQUIRES
on $106 a year," she Bald, "she never •
can bur more than she needs and she |
must take advantage " of the bargain
counters. Her gowns are not made by
If Professor Hugo de Vries discredits the Darwinian theory
of the transmission of acquired characteristics from generation to
generation, how will he account for the present muddled mental
economy of that offspring of the good old Jeffersonian Democracy—
the St. Louis platform I
The House of Commons is losing its
dignity. Black and White hears that
members have been seen around the
premises In shirt sleeves in warm
weather. It expects to find a mem
ber with musical tastes entertaining
friends at tea on the terrace by play
ing "Good-by, Dolly. on a
mouth organ. The Londoners have
Just heard of "Dolly Gray," and it is
"Dolly Gray" Reaches London.
MRS. JOHN JACOB ASTOR, THE BEST DRESSED WOMAN IN NEW YORK. ]
WHAT SHE PAYS OUT YEARLY FOR- HER CLOTHES WOULD PROVIDE
RAIMENT FOR ABOUT 50O YOUNG WORKING WOMEN.
A FOOL girl in Philadelphia has caused the death of the motor
man of a trolley car. He was in front of the car adjusting- the
lamp, while another stationary car was standing close ahead.
The girl won the applause of her fool companions by continually
Bounding the car gong, and finally moved the starting lever of the
electrical apparatus, causing the car to jump ahead and kill the
motorman by crushing him against the car ahead. She is a fool,
but a criminal fool, and should get the severest punishment the law
will permit.
But she has imitators. They belong to the class that aim guns
at people and kill them, and that satisfy their curiosity about the
lock mechanism of loaded firearms, killing people thereby, and feel
ing sorry afterward. The most dangerous fools, however, are those
who tamper with cars and the running of trains, for they may put
many lives in peril.
On the day of the Knights Templar parade the local railroad
on Seventh street, Oakland, was crowded with densely loaded trains
of passengers on the way to the ferry. The service was admirably
arranged for the convenience and safety of thousands of people.
When one of these trains was running, with others behind it, a boy,
not a young boy, but a fool just going out of his teens, which he
should never have lived to enter, was seen to pull the signal cord
by which the conductor communicates with the engineer. The en
gineer answered the signal with his whistle and stopped the train.
A prompt order to go ahead probably averted a shocking catas
trophe.
The fool should have been given over to the police and sent to
prison for a term of years. A catastrophe would have killed him,
but the fool's estimate of the value of his own life should not have'
protected him in risking the lives of a thousand people. We are
aware that corporations cannot always guard against these criminal
fools, but when one is caught he should be punished to the extent of
the law.
CRIMINAL FOOLS.
How much must a self-respecting
working woman spend on her clothes?
Miss Dora Wells, who holds a posi
tion as stenographer in a lawyer's of
fice, from which she denves an Income
of $12 50 a week, estimated recently
that $106 82, Judiciously expended, will
provide an ample wardrooe for a wom
an who earns her own living. She has
kept an account of her expenditures
for several years and sne says she
knows. /
A North Side woman, whose husband
has an income of $5000 a year, and who,
although she" pleads not guilty to the
charge of being a society woman, does
boast that her wardrobe is always in
condition to respond to any ordinary
demand made upon it. said that $610
a year would clothe her. When she
came to itemize the list, however, she
had to acknowledge that the Christmas
present of $50 which her husband in
variably gives her goes to make up the
deficit in her dressing allowance.
The difference between what Mrs.
Barstow considers necessary for the
society woman and Dora Wells' actu
al expenditures is $39,843 13. What
Mrs. John Jacob Astor pays out in one
year would clothe 470 working women
like Miss Wells. The woman who ex
pends $40,600 annually for her raiment
buys garments by the dozen and
everything Bhe . wears must be made
for her, and of special pattern and de
sign.
The way a working woman "shops"
for what she wears Is described .by
Miss Wells:
"Although a girl can dress fairly well
I 1 OW much must a society woman
LJ expend on her clothes?
I 1 Mrs. Safford Barstow oft New
' York, an authority on the sub
ject, has declared that $39,950 is the
requisite amount, says the Chicago
Tribune. Mrs. John Jacob Astor, she
says, is the best dressed person in New
York and her wardrobe costs $50,000
annually. In Mrs. Barstow's opinion
$23,000 is only a fair ayerage of what
society women spend.
a modiste and her hats are not built
to order, for what she buys is ready
made, and she doesn't get It, either,
until she wants to put it on.
"I don't know much about society
women, but I do know that the work
Ing girl, if she is young and pretty,
will spend more money on her clothes
than an unattractive spinster. That is
only natural, though, because, of
course, she is looking out for a chance
to get married, and there's no use talk
ing, men are attracted by a woman's
clothes.
"My estimate doesn't count a linen
suit my mother gave me, nor two pairs
of gloves that er — were given me," con
tinued Miss Wells. "But the cloak that
cost me J1S will last at least two sea
sons, and maybe three, so that makes
up the difference."
The North Side woman who spends
$50 a month and her Christmas gift
on her clothes was allowed to see the
working girl's schedule and she
promptly declared it "impossible."
Even when she was told that the fig
ures were made up from absolute ex
penditures she professed incredulity,
and said that "some one mtlst be giv
ing that girl clothes."
"It is not absolutely necessary for a
woman to spend as mucn money as I
do for clothes," she declared, "but no
woman can dress on less than $300 a
year unless she wears calico wrappers
nearly all the time. Why, JustTee
what I have to have, and cut that in
half and you will get what Is positive
ly necessary for every woman."
A CORRESPONDENT with an eye to the interests of Cali
fornia has forwarded us a suggestion for the development of
a new industry, which should commend itself to men of en
terprise. This communication calls attention to the fact that the
• great beds of /clay in this State, known to have commercial value
from a porcelain maker's viewpoint, lie practically untouched, while
yearly we import from abroad chinaware to the value of a million
of dollars. Our correspondent urges it upon the notice of manu
facturers that sewer pipe and flower-pots should not continue to be
the only product of our deposits of kaolin, and predicts success for
the one who will first turn California's clays into something more
artistic and more valuable.
We believe this suggestion has the foundation of practicability.
The clays we have, as a survey of the State Mining Bureau reports
. will demonstrate. They are of a high class, many of them, and per
• fectly fitted for the most delicate manipulations of the potter's wheel.
In a report made to the bureau some years ago the consulting chem
ist, W. D. Johnston, cited the high quality of potter's clays that are
to be found in Amador, Placer, Nevada and Butte counties, and in
corporated the results of tests upon eleven varieties of workable clays
elsewhere. According to his opinion the kaolin percentage in Butte
County and Amador clays is high enough to warrant the belief that
the most delicate porcelains could be wrought therefrom.
Already there is a concern of some note which has gone to some
extent into the production of art pottery, but not on a scale suffi
ciently broad to attract public attention to its wares ; fire bricks and
flower-pots continue to be the chief articles of its output. But should
there be a determined movement to enter upon a new venture look-
ing toward the utilization of resources offered for the upbuilding of
'the new industry of porcelain making, it would seem that every
"favorable condition was present to insure the success of the enter
prise. ;vi
CALIFORNIA PORCELAIN.
'-pHERE is now no longer any doubt that, taking the country as
a whole, business is decidedly better and that the improvement
1 in trade noted for several weeks is not stationary, but expand
ing. Almost every condition shows it. The bank clearings last
week were 20.6 per cent larger than during the corresponding week
last year, with the great majority of cities and towns in all sections
ranged on the right side of the exhibit The failures, instead of
being more numerous, as has been the rule for a long time, are now
fewer, those for the week being 225, against 232 last year. The rail
way earnings thus far in September are 5.7 per cent larger than at
the same time in 1903, and the exports from New York last week
were about $2,950,000 larger than last year, while the imports were
$715,000 less.
In addition to this excellent showing collections are reported
: better almost everywhere and the fall trade is undeniably expanding,
especially in the distribution of dry goods, clothing, groceries, foot
wear and hardware. Wool is ruling very firm, with a quick demand,
while the mills are reporting increasing activity. The different
manufacturing interests report less idle machinery than for some
time past. The labor situation is considerably improved, and though
there are still a few strikes on, several large and important ones
' have been settled.
The crop prospects, while not as brilliant as a few weeks ago,
are certainly no worse than on the first of the month, and, taking the
three or four leading crops in the aggregate, the harvest outlook is
excellent. This imparts marked buoyancy to many industries, stimu
lates the demand for merchandise, strengthens credits and manifests
"its influence in Wall street, where the general tone of the stock
•market is one of firmness, though the movement in stocks has been
light for some days past. Money continues in large supply all over
the country and interest rates accordingly remain low. No appre
hensions of financial stringency attending the moving of the crops
. are expressed, and in brief/ look in whatever direction we may, we
find on all sides a confidence in the future which almost assures
. another good year in trade.
A good feature is that New York, which for months had nothing
but gloomy reports of the commercial situation, is now sending out
the best reports, excepting, of course, the Pacific Coast, which has
not at any time felt any marked diminution in business. The nation's
metropolis now sends cheerful advices of a well-supplied and easy
money market, specifying dry goods, iron and steel, leather earn
ings and wool as particularly exhibiting improvement. Coffee and
cotton are unsettled, as usual at this time of the year, when the
condition of the crops is of marked importance, but both seem to be
resisting all bear attacks and maintaining their positions. There is
• a lively milling demand for wheat all over the West, the movement
in flour has lately shown a pronounced expansion and the same
condition is reported in the steel export trade. Provisions alone con
tinue quiet, but even in this line a strong undertone is becoming
manifest, and the packers are now supporting the market, whereas
up to quite recently they were either bearing it or letting it alone.
All these signs are significant of a general improvement in busi
ness. Xo unusual activity is expected during the rest of the year,
.but the dullness which prevailed over the eastern section of the
country during the spring and early summer months is evidently
being succeeded by increasing animation and confidence. Consider
> ing that this is a Presidential year, when according to all precedents
trade should be dull, the signs of the times are certainly cheerful.
BUSINESS EXPANDING.
STENOGRAPHY-- A. S., Alameda.
Cal. For information relative to ex
amination for a position as stenog
rapher In United States departments,
address a letter of inquiry to the
United States Civil Servlc© Commis
sion, Washington. D. C.
POLO— T. F., Donner, CaL None of
the published records show "the world's
polo championship." A local authority
on sports, when shown your question,
said: "I never heard of a world'3
championship polo game being played."
HOLIDAY-J. R. G.. City. This de
partment has on several occasions re
cently announced that the Congress of
the United States has never declared
any day as a national holiday.
ANSWERS 10 QUERIES,
Fire will kill trie hemlock and white
fir quicker than it will the flr. ~" Con
sequently your next growth will likely
be flr, for that is all that will be left
to furnish seed. But If you want to
raise fir, remember that all else i3
weeds, and fir Is the best and quick
est growth we can get.
But when the ground is once burnt
clean and seeded to flr, then keep the
fire out, for until it is thirty or forty
years old It is very tender, the bark
is thin and there will be lots of small
trees crowded out which will die If
the stand is thick enough to make
good timber, and this will burn .hard
enough to kill what is left.
F. H. CONANT.
AUBURN. "Wash^ Sept. IT.
Editor The Call: I see In Sundays
Issue of The Call an article by a for
estry expert, signed E. A. Sterling and
an editorial on the question of forest
preservation-
Unfortunately I never have had a
course In scientific forestry, and have
never traveled in Europe, but have
for the last twenty-two years been In
the employ of two of the largest tim
ber owning: corporations In the North
west, namely the Northern Pacifio
Railway and the "Weyerhaluser Tim
ber Company and Its allied companies
and have to speak my piece as a
woodsman and an observer. Of Cali
fornia and the climatic condition pecu
liar to it I know nothlns.
In Western "Washington I have trav
eled a good deal In the last fourteen
years and have arrived at same con
clusions which of course may be mod
ified If I followed this work fourteen
years more.
First — The Indian was not a for
ester in the scientific sense of tha
word. He was Interested In exploit
ing the game, which was his means
of subsistence. To do this he did, and
does yet to a limited extent, use fire
to remove the forest growth, and let
the sun In to get the growth of fire
weed and hardwood brush the game
feeds on. One main growth of com
mercial timber in Western Washing
ton is flr. Next is cedar. Any ona
who has had a course In scientific
forestry can put In the scientific
names right here.
The history of fir Is this: It only
can grow right when the seed can get
to the mineral solL This Is true of
cedar to a sreat extent. When not
disturbed by fire the flr and cedar
grow and mature, each year dropping
their waste products, leaves and
cones, till they arrive at maturity and
die. By this time there Is from six
Inches to two feet of rotten wood on
the ground, with those trees which
died before reaching maturity. This
represents 500 or 600 years of
time. In the meantftne, there has
grown up, that will make timber.
In addition to the vine maple and
brush, a growth of hemlock and
white fir. So far, there is no young
growth of flr or cedar to speak of.
If there Is no fire yet, there will very
likely be a wind on the exposed
places. The result of this Is that
when the sun gets in there Is a thick
growth of hemlock and white flr
which are Inferior grades of timber
and must be classed as weeds by the
woodsman who is Interested chiefly in
exploiting the timber. From this on
you can look for no more flr or cedar,
but the hemlock and white flr will
reproduce Itself for another genera
tion, or perhaps two, till there Is from
two feet to four feet of rotten wood
on the ground or floor, which you
call duff. Then the process appears
to stop so far as timber Is concerned.
What growth comes up is scattering,
shortbodied and unfit for lumber, al
though the conditions are Ideal for
holding the rain as It falls.
Now comes "Lo the poor Indian
whose untutored mind" knows nothing
of forestry as taught In universities or
as practiced in Europe, and sets fire
to this mass of duft>or rotten wood.
If he gets a good burn and clears
this all off to the mineral soil, the
next growth will be flr and cedar if
there are enough living trees near by
to furnish seed. If not. If there is
still a layer of humus on the ground,
the next growth will be hemlock and
white flr. Good of their kind, but
not the best kind of timber the soil
can produce.
Second — There are two problems.
One is to conserve the moisture on
the hills. If this is the chief object
keep the fire out by all means. Let
the brush and debris from logging lie
as it falls, and decay, if you log any.
but better not log at all. if the only
object Is to keep the moisture back
as long as possible, for the more rot
ten wood or duff there is on the
ground the more water it will hold.
Also keep stock off. for sheep and
goats, and to a certain extent cattle,
will clear off the brush and pack th<?
soil. If the question is to preserve
the timber supply, and upon this de
pends the prosperity of most of West
ern Washington and Oregon, either
leave some of the flr and cedar while
logging for seed, or make arrange
ments for seeding anew, but burn the
logging works. Then reburn. und
keep it up till the last vestige of rot
ten wood or duff is gone and the
mineral soil Is exposed over the whole
tract.
A WOODSMAN'S VIEWS
on the matter of
FOREST PRESERVATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
IOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS AXXt COMMUNICATIONS TO »«• »-_
gOHX McXAUGlIT fllanaeor
PUBLICATION OFTCT THIRD AND MARKET BTKIC1CTB. BAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY I SEPTEMBBB 26. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1904.
6
tf)7Q QOn IS WHAT A NEW YORK SOCIETY WOMAN CAN COMFORTABLY SPEND EACH YEAR OH HER 0\ (10 Ofl
(DDu,UuU CLOTHES, WHILE A CHICAGO WORKING GIRL DRESSES HERSELF FAIRLY WELL FOR (DlUlLOfl
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ttu
gress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 239 Cal-
ifornia «tr«at. Telejphoae Main 1042. *
Town s end' s California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Mark at st-'TWO GREAT CALIFORNIA, COUNTIES PREPARE MEANS
TO LET THE WORLD KNOW OF THEIR REAL MERITS
WEATHER REPORT.
O2Cth Meridian— Padfle TlmO
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 25 — 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
i illiy I; I
BTATIONa. S 3g3i&9 2j* P
•" c c • • o
:?• : : :
Baker 29.84 62 43 SB Cloudy .03
Carson 20.8** 66 38 W Pt.Cldy Tr.
Fresno 29.93 70 63 S Pt.Cldy .IT
S.E. Farallon.29.BS 61 63 SB Rain .20
Flaßstaff 20.88 «S 40 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 29.82 74 43 SB Cloudy .00
Indepfendence .2D.7S 63 60 SB Clear .1«
Los Ange1e5... 2». 04 72 62 W Cl«ar .23
Mt lamalpais.».92 62 47 SB Rain. .40
North Head... 29. 92 64 48 NW Cloudy .00
Photulx 2-J.7S 92 66 W Cloudy .00
Point Key«a... 20.84 65 .. S Cloudy .71
Portland 2».56 6« 32 N Rain .01
Red Uluff 29.0S <!2 64 SEJ Rain .54
Roseburg .... .29.94 62 46 N Cloudy .01
Sacramento ...29.92 68 64 NB Cloudy I.W
San Franclaco.29.i)4 64 68 SW Rain .30
San U 0b15p0.29.06 68 58 S Pt.Cldy .ti
San Diego 20.02 7« 64 NW Clear Tr.
Seattle 2D.90 68 5O NW Clear .1«
Spokane 20.82 74 48 N Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.92 W 48 W Cloudy .00
Walla Wa11a.. 29. 80 70 62 SB Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .23.90 60 44 W Clear .50
Yuma ....23.82 02 60 NW Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OENERAI*
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening w«ath«r P»; T *"»
ovVr the Partfle Slope, and light rain has fallen
In ail districts accept Ariaona. Reports ar»
mining from Eureka, but ther* a« Indication,
Sat at least a portion of th. ftorm has pass.4
inland A thunder storm Is r.ported from Sac
pressure changes bar* b«n .llsht la aH
dl The Ct t»moerature has fallen over Orrjon and
ria?ncd m m n P P e e ady statlonan- In other d'strt^
The following are the total amounts of rain
?80 Jan Luis ObUpo 3.24. Fresno 1.15. Los
An F t 1 e e ca.f I 4 a d " for thirty
U«nt
W £Sr S,«S-«— . M-day,
'^^^^bably -howrs Monday. U S ht
80^Sem^nd viclnity-Show.r. MondV.
Vrp«io and vicinity— Show«rs Monday.
Fresno ana -^gQjj toe«I TortCMtW,
ni'iiii w» iiiwiii lit fHfm9miWn
Saturday. Sept 24.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 15 hours from
°Stmr CenUnial. KUtgaard. 85 hours from
Seattle. Sunday. Sept 28.
Stmr Premiss. Ahlstrom. 37 hours from San
P< £tm'r Rival Fosen 20 hours from Westport,
E s r tmr- Whltesboro. Olsen, IS hour, from
P °Nor tt^Tltanla, Foyn. 4 day. from Lady
6m Ba h rk Reaper. Brastlng. 71 day. from New-
C *Bark ITp Cheney. Johnson. 30 days from
N Fr n bark Guerveur. Corblnals. 141 days from
G S W Ne^ar? C KeinirS 17 hour, from
St i:hr rt AlU° n nt A. Hendrlckson. 8 day. from
Eurek *- SAILED.
•Sunday. Sept 25.
tsunr Santa Rosa Alexander. San Diego.
ISr I A Kllbu?n. Thompson Port Rodger..
Stmr Aurella, Erickson. Astoria.
Stmr San Pedro Rasmussen. EureKa.
Itmr Greenwood. Walvig. Needle Rock.
Stmr Kureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Acme Reed. Astoria.
Stmr Alcaaiar. Winkel. Point Arena.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Needle Rock.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnin. Delmar Landing.
Stmr Pasadena. Henrlckson. Eureka
Schr Challenger. Anderson. Rocha Harbor.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Point Reyes. ±.:
Hbr Jennie Griffln. Gibson. Bollnas.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS Sept 25. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy wind SE; velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
jpERnEEV — Sailed Sept 21 — Stmr Centra
lia for San Franclico. v
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Queen.
»-Stmr Umatilla for San
Francisco. Sept 24— Schr F S Redfleld, for
BALLARD— SaiIed Sept 24— Schr Maweema,
°TATOOSH — Passed out Sept 25— Sch r Ma
weema. for San Diego; schr F S RedSeld. for
Passed "in Sept 25 — Stmr Montara, hence
Sept 22 for Seattle; bark Guy C Goss, from
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 25— Schr
Mary X Foster, from San Pedro. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 25—
Schr Chas E Falk. from Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 24 — Stmr De
spatch, from Port Harford. Sept 25 — Schr
Comet, from Gray* Harbor; schr Columbia,
from Wlnslow.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Robert Dollar for
San Francisco; achr Admiral, for P,ort Town
send.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Sept, 25— Bktn
John Palmer, hence Sept 4.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Sept 25 — Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco; stmr
Coronado for Redondo.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 25 — Br ship Ea
kasonla, from San Diego; Fr bark Pierr*
liotl. from Honolulu.
WlNSLOW— Arrived B«i>t Ss— Bohr Ula-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Mr Miot has samples of everything grown
by Tulare County soil, and nothing appears In
the car In the way of resources that was not
sro wn in this county. It Is truly tho best
exhibit In the State of California, If the
opinions of travel lnsr men are to be taken as
a criterion, and they have an opportunity to
see all of the exhibits of the State. The ex
hibit represents the true condition of things
In the county and dots not exaggerate the
"rowth of any one thine. Every town and
vicinity In the county is represented and Mr.
Mlot will speak as good a word for one vi
cinity as he will for another.
Mr Miot will visit towns of a population
ranging from 500 to 10,000. At each one he
will put up a screen and will rive an Illus
trated lecture. He haa over one hundred views
of various ranches in the county, the methods
of handling fruit in its various stages of
mountain Bcenery and of the educational In
stitutions. These will be thrown upon a screen
by the use of a projecting lantern, and a short
talk given upon each. Mr. Mlot is an Inter
esting talker, and being convincing in his re
marks he is sure to attract attention from
thoßo Eastern people who have Intentions of
coming west.. Mrs. Mlot will accompany her
husband, and having had much experience in
the same line at Los Angeles ahe will be of
wM h be' taken through the States of
lowa Kansas/Illinois and Missouri. Tho first
stop 'will be made at Newton. Kan., a town
that has already been billed ahead. Each
towV where a stop will be made will be ad
vertlsed in ahead of time. The lectures whl
be free. Manager Mlot will have himself sup
ri'led with several thousand of the pamphlets
Issued some time ago. and will distribute them
among the people interested In the exhibit.
There Is no doubt the exhibit and the unique
manner of getting it before the public's eye
of the East will brin« unlimited suocess to th.
i county.
The Visalia Delta describes the
method that has been taken to ad
vertise Tulare County, giving much
space to the exhibit that will be pre
sented to the people of the Middle
West. The account is, in part, as fol
lows:
Probably the greatest advertising scheme
that Tulare County ever put forth left on the
Santa Fe this morning at 5 o"clock for a tour
of the East, to be Out of the county for at
least three and a half months and probably
more If the weather will permit.
This scheme la the actual showing of the
resources of this county aa they appear In a
preserved state. No better advertisement can
be put before the eyes of the Eastern home
neeker. As was mentioned some clays ago. the
car was secured from the Santa Fe Company,
a regular passenger coach, and eopeclally
equipped so as to make a display of the fruits.
Manaeer Mlot of the Tulare County exhibit
has been working laboriously for the past
few days Installing the exhibit as It will b«
I seen by many thousands of Eastern eyes.
I Silver-plated brackets were shipped from San
\u25a0 Francisco and the many tall jars have been
fastened to the side of the car so as to pre
vent any damage while en route to the past
or upon their return. The exhibit was placed
1 in the car with the greatest, care, and when
I the work was completed it was truly interest
; Ing even to the residents of this county, where
t the products are grown and seen every day.
The car was brilliantly lighted and the glisten
ing of the glass Jars, together with the varied
colors of the fruit, made a beautiful sight to
look upon.
TRAVELING EXHIBIT^
The Oceanic liner Sonoma. Captain Herrt
mail will sail from Pacific-street wharf next
Thursday for Sydney by way of Honolulu.
assess*?^
ber aha will .all on her return the 19th of
team last Saturday.
Water Front Notes.
the fact that they are transported by team.
With all the advantages which present them
selves, there seems an exceptional future of
prosperity for the investor In Yuba County.
Whether it be mining, lumbering, stock rats
ing, agriculture, or horticulture, whichever
may suit his calling, each man may choose
for himself from Nature's bounteous store
house.' These grand forests, plentiful streams
and fruitful lands will not, even in the
near future, be as they are to-day, for the
tide of immigration will be turned to this
land, the welkin will once more ring with the
soni of the woodsman, the miner (with per
haps a new method) will delve for his gold,
the horticulturist and agriculturist will be
working pide by side with one great and vital
end in view; and he who Is wise is he who
early seeks and appreciates that which bis
Maker has provided for him to call hie .own.
The ship Bardowie, out 165 days from Gee
long to Falmouth. 10 per cent reinsurance.
Crown of Germ.wy, 68 days from Shanghai
to Royal Ronds, 5 per cent.
MoliereT-W days from Shanghai to Royal
e B3 C d° ys' from a Mississippi port to
Venezuela, 115 per cent.
Shakespeare. 123 days from west coast of
South America to Europe, 8 per cent.
Overdue Fleet.
Captain C. A. McNelll, the pioneer boatman
and popular launch pwner of Clay-«treet wharf,
was honored by his Tiburon neighbors Satur
day evening. It was the tenth anniversary of
his wedding and the joyous festivities of the
occasion lasted until an early Sunday hour.
Pioneer Boatman Honored.
Programme of Athletic Sports and Re
freshments Help Russians Spend
Enjoyable Day.
VALLEJO, Sept. 25. — The, Vallejo
r Yacht* and \u25a0 Boat Club held a general
muster at their clubhouse this after
noon. A number of officers and men
of the Russian cruiser Lena were the
guests of the club. An interesting pro
gramme of aquatic and athletic sports
was presented and refreshments
served.
One of the features of the pro
gramme was a one and one-half miles
race, straightaway, between two six
teen-oar cutters from the Lena. The
first cutter defeated the second in a
close contest.
National Park and to the northeast
lies the wonderful mountain country
of the Kern River and Kings River
canyons and Mount Whitney. In this
region are the Chagoopa Falls, 3000
feet high.
The Board of Trade has taken the
best possible way to gain the confi
dence of inquirers by Inserting the
following assurance at the end of its
official publication:
This Is placed in your hands by the Tulare
County Board of Trade, an organization com
posed of the various boards of trade in Tulare
County. ItH members are Vlsalia Board of
Trade, Tularft City Hoard of Trade, Porterville
Board. of Trade, Lindsay Board of Trade, Dln
uba Hoard of Trade and Exeter Board of Trade.
The Tulare County Board of Trade has noth
ing to sell you and represents no private in
terest. The pole object of Its existence is to
advance the general interests of the county, to
advertise its resources, to encourage immigra
tion and Investment, and to give, free of
charRe, specific and reliable Information about
Tulare County. All letters of inquiry ad
dressed to the secretary of the Tulare County
Board of Trade, Vlsalla, California, or to tho
secrrtary of any of the boards of trade men
tioned, at the place cfreignated by name of
board, will receive prompt attention.
OFFICERS AND MEN OF LENA
GUESTS OF VALLEJO CLUB
SCENES PICTT-RED IN TUB ILLUSTRATED VOLUME THAT TUX.ARB COUNTY'S
- BOARD OF TRADE HAS ADOPTED FOR USK IN ATTRACTING THE ATTEN
TION OF THE PEOPLE OF THE MIDDLE WEST.
The American bark Reaper, which left New
castle, Australia, July 10, arrived here yester
day afternoon. In latitude 32 south and longi
tude 165 east she ran into a gale which lasted
fifteen days. High seas constantly went over
the vessel and much damage waa \lone about
the decks, everything movable being washed
overboard. A number of sails were lost and
the hull was strained almost to the leaking
point. Chariest Klein was dragged from the
wheel by a boarding wave and violently hurled
against the railing. Fortunately ' he was not
washed overboard, but his arm was broken and
he was otherwise much Injured. Carpenter
Paul Relges was washed out of his bunk un
der the topgallant forecastle and carried along
the deck, almost going over the Bide into the
sea.
Storms Menace the Reaper.
By crder of the Treasury Department, the
revenue cutter Daalel Manning will be sta
tioned permanently at San Diego. Complaints
have been forwarded to Washington that the
navigation laws are constantly being violated
in that port, and the cutter will do guard duty
there. It is alleged that vessels enter the
harbor at all hours of the night without dis
playing lights, and the simplest rules and regu
lations governing the movements of shipping in
port are sst at naught.
Will Enforce the Laws.
of the Tulare County Board of Trade
deals are the sudden transformations
that attend agricultural conditions in
California. • One picture shows how
wheat fields have been converted into
orange groves in five years. It is due
to the county to give some account of
those Industries with which it has been
less credited than the counties south
of Tehachapi. Concerning its raisins
and raisin growing it is said that some
of the largest raisin vineyards in the
world are in Tulare County, the indus
try of raisin making being especially
strong in the vicinity of Dinuba,* Orosi
and Sultana. Here a ton and a half per
acre is reported to be the average crop
of raisins. Sometimes the raisin crop
win go as high as two and a half tons.
All varieties of wine grapes thrive in
Tulare County, yielding from eight to
twelve tons an acre. The acreage of
table grapes is increasing. More than
twenty-five varieties of table grapes
grow to perfection.
RAISES CITRUS FRUITS.
Even to many in California the facts
related concerning the rise and exten
sion of the citrus fruit industry in Tu
lare County will be surprising. In the
last few years, it is asserted, the grow
ing of citrus fruits, especially the pro
duction of the navel orange, has out
stripped other industries. A little more
than a decade ago it was generally ac
cepted as a fact that the southern part
of the State was exclusively the orange
section, and that north of the Tehach
api Mountains oranges could not be
grown profitably.
The people of Tulare County, in
common with* others, held this belief
until about sixteen years ago, when
orange groves were planted by men
of independent thinking along the
western slope of the Sierra Nevada
Mountains. In Porterville, in the foot
hills, the first experiment was made.
All old theories were disproved. The
groves flourished and the fruit proved
to be of excellent quality. The fruit
ripened one month to six weeks ear
lier than the orange of Southern Cal
ifornia. As soon as it had been dem
onstrated that Tulare could produce
Washington navel oranges in time to
find the Eastern markets bare at
Thanksgiving and Christmas time the
orange industry in the county received
a great impetus. There are now more
than 7000 acres In orange and lemon
groves in Tulare.
"Tulare County," so it is said, "will
this year ship more than two-thirds
of the citrus fruits shipped from the
combined central and northern por
tions of California. The output will
be 1600 carloads. The first carload of
1903 was shipped Nove-nber 1."
The citrus section of Tulare County
lies along the foothills on the western
slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains
and includes Lindsay, Exeter. Naranjo,
Piano, South Tule, Worth and Lemon
Cove, and is paralleled by a branch of
the Southern Pacific railroad. The
boast of Tulare County in this connec
tion is that the black scale will not live
in the county; that smut on the fruit is
unknown, and that the fruit goes from
the tree 3 to the boxes in its natural
condition, without washing.
SCEXIC ATTRACTIONS.
A rare attraction Is claimed in that
the humblest dweller in Tulare County
can, during the summer months, load
his family and camp outfit into a
wagon and. "in from twenty-one to
forty-eight hours, be in a mountain
fairyland, there being good wagon
roads to an elevation of 7000 feet.
The Sequoia National Park, containing
more than 3000 giant sequoias in
cluding the General Sherman, that Is
supposed to be the tallest tree In the
world, is in Tulare County. Behind,
the Sequoia Park Is the General Grant
The city of Marysvllle gets a good
share of space. What is said about
that city is well worth repeating. In
part, the account is as follows:
The county sent of Tuba County, with a pop
ulation which exceeds &UOO, is beautifully situ
ated at the junction of the Yuba and Feather
rivers, on the line of the California and Ore
gon on the east, the San Francisco and Oro
ville on the west (Southern Paclno system),
fifty-two miles from Sacramento. the State
capital, and 142 mile* frota San Francisco,
the metropolis of the West.
The city ia well equipped with transporta
tion facilities, being: a terminal point, thus
enjoying the same freight rates on Eastern
shipments arriving at San Francisco. Sacra
mento and Los Angeles, and Is an important
shipping point and trading center for a vant
territory. Including the rich farming and min
ing itection by which It is surrounded, and Is
considered on* of the best business towns on
the coast.
Its streets are well paved with bitumen and
macadam, its sidewalks are of cement, and
are shaded on either side with beautiful orna
mental trees. The comfortable homes. In their
settings of magnificent orange and lemon trees,
pretty lawns and gardens laden with a profu
sion of flowers of myriad variety, add much
to the beauty of the city. Its banks (three in
number) have combined deposits of $2,000,000,
their aggregate capital, surplus and dividends
being $048,000. Its business houses, - public
buildings and its seven churches would do
credit to a larger city. Its splendid public
school system, extending to -every district. In
the county within easy reach of pupils, af
fords the best facilities for common-school ed
ucation, excellent teachers being employed at
rood salaries. Besides the Marysville High
School (which Is accredited to the State Uni
versity), additional educational advantages are
presented by- the* College of Notre Dame and a
business college. Two progressive and up-to
date newspapers supply to the reading public
the daily news.
Marysville Is Incorporated and has at Its
head an energetic young Mayor, who Is sup
ported by able officials. The city has recently
been bonded In the sum of $(55,000 with which
Its sewer system is to be amplified and , Its
water park, known as Ellis Lake. Improved
The Chamber of Commerce of
Marysville authorizes the pamphlet
that has just been published for the
purpose of advertising Yuba- County,
of which it is said in the opening: par
agraph that "it is half valley and half
mountainous, rich and fertile, com
prising 393,800 acres, or 96 5 square
miles, centrally located in the Sacra
mento Valley and lying between the
Honcut River on the north. Bear
River on the South, the Feather on the
west, with the Yuba River running its
full length through the county. The
county is surrounded by the counties
of Sutter, Butte, Plumas and Placer."
Situated in Yuba County is the old
est town in California. The county
boasts of the largest plant of the Bay
Counties Power Company and of the
mines that annually contribute great
values of gold and silver. It boasts
of opportunities for irrigation, of fine
climate, of its annual rainfall of 18 to
20 inches.
ABOUT MARYSVIIiLiE.
MAKES SHOW OP RESOURCES.
Yuba County Picturesquely Advances
, Claims for Recognition.
Five miles from Wheatland. In the Bear I
River, are located four gold dredges, two of !
which are In active operation. Tljls dredging
company has secured sufficient land to keep
these dredges at work for fifty years.
To the north of Browns Valley and In the
Immediate vicinity quartz mining Is carried on.
To the east of Brown 3 Valley and eighteen
miles from Marysvllle is the town of Smarts
ville. This district is also noted for Its fine !
fruits, both cltxus and deciduous, and more i
especially for its production of fine oranges, j
This district has the advantage over some [
others, owing to the fact that It is irrigated. ;
On the south side of the Yuba River In this i
locality are large placer mines, from which
millions In gold have been extracted and where
millions bttll remain. j
In the section lying to the south of Smarts- |
ville and extending to the Bear River, and
known ss the Cabbage Patch, are rich mineral
deposits of gold and copper, which have been
but slightly developed. However, to the east
a couple of mile* there Is one valuable copper
deposit from which much ore has been taken
and which Is equipped with extensive ma- ;
chinery for crushing ore and manufacturing
mineral paint. This section aleo produces fine '
coreals and fruits and land can be purchased
at a reasonable tlguro. \
In the Indiana Ranch district gold mining has
been carried on since the earliest days, It being
a rich mineral section. More than a dozen
quartz mines are In the course of development.
Still to the north are to be found the tim
ber lands which surround the towns of Chal
lenge and Woodville and which in the past fed
the 6awmlll» located there with logs enough to
turn out 1,000,000 feet of lumber a year.
Strawberry Valley, situated at the extreme
northern point of the county, was In the early
days noted for Its rich gold, mines, and there
Is a tendency to restore the old-time activity.
Thirty-one miles northeast of Marysville, in
the midst of a district rich in fanning, mining
and fruit growing, is the town of Dobbins.
Four miles from these points, - over a little
level country, then down a steep hill to the
very banks of the north fork of the Tuba
River la Colgate, where the largest and most
extensive group of power houses owned by the
Bay Counties Power Company la located.
Some eight miles northeast of Dobbins Is lo
cated - Bullard'fl Bar and Oregon Hill, where
In the years past many forturnes have been
made by the miners who carried on surface
mining. But those days are past and quartz
ledges ara now being developed. To the east
a few miles many large hydraulic mines were
successfully operated,- and here came Into
existence the town of Camptonville, pictur
esquely situated on the edge of a bluff.
TIIE PICTUIIESQUE VIEW.
Unexpectedly you are ushered Into some
clearing, where over undulating hills are
growing orchards of beautiful fruit, rich red ,
apples bearing the limbs of the trees almost;
to the ground, peaches exquisite In coloring*
and luscious In flavor, and vineyards from i
which are picked black table grapes as large
an cherries, wine grapes from which the finest
wine Is produced, and last, but not least, by
the side of these, fruits are fields of . ripened
craln. It may be mentioned , that the black
crapes took the first prlxe at the State Fair
tor thr«« consecutive years, notwithstanding
GOLD AND FINE FRUIT.
Twelve miles south of Marysvllle, by grain
fields and stock farms, beautified by stately
oaks, one reaches the enterprising and pros
perous town of Whcatland. situated directly
on the line of the California and Oregon and
thirty miles from Sacramento, the State capi
tal. Wheatland Is well located on a ridge a
little higher than the surrounding country and
has 1000 inhabitants.
To the south, and tributary to Wheatland.
along the banks of the Bear River, stretching
from the low hills of the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains on the east to Dry Creek on the west,
are the wonderfully fertile lands of the Bear
River. Here are located the largest hop-yards
in the world. These yards afford employment
to many men, women and children during tn«
hop-plcklng season.
These lands ar»- especially adapted to the
needs of tl".- nnui with a medium capital, who
wishes tr* build a home and make for himself
and family a comfortable living on a small
.farm. Land in this section can be purchased
for $12 oer acre for the red land, which is
suited to the culture of olives and citrus
fruits. The river land is held at about $14
per acre and is the best In the world for
grapes, Bartlett aears and alfalfa. An or
chard will bear the third year after setting
out. Alfalfa will yield on an average seven
tons to the acrf and will produce about five
crops, affording three months' pasture. Alfalfa
hay brings In the field $7 per ton. This seems
like a good location for a creamery colony,
as there is already built and well equipped in
Wheatland a creamery, which at the present
1b closed, owing to lack of milk.
OTHER COMMUNITIES.
The various -industries of Marysville
are described. Among them are flour
mills, fruit canneries and packing
plants and a foundry.
The future prospects for dredger mining on
the Yuba, east from Marysvllle some fourteen
miles, are excellent, much land having been
recently bonded.
and beautified. Marysvllle will, as far as
known, be the first city m Northern California
to makT the most of Its opportunities by add
ing parks, drives and pleasure resorts to ita
premises.
The city is well lighted by electricity, being
on the main line of the Bay Counties Power
Company of which the Marysvtlle Gas and
Electric Company Is the distributing agent.
In its history Marysvllle Is associated with
oome of the most striking Incidents of Cali
fornia life, some of the nation's most promi
nent men at ono time and another having re
sided here. Among those readily called to
mind are Hon. Stephen J. Field. Hon George
C. Gorham. Noah Brooks and John Q. Pack
ard, the mining millionaire of Utah, who will
in the near future erect a new library build
ing to cost $75,000, which will become the
home of the public library, now established
many years, the new building to be a gift
from this public-spirited citizen.
Marysvllle Is also well known for Its manu
facturing Interests. The reputation of the
product of its woolen mills, built in 186T,
is known from ocean to ocean, and the demand
for the superior quality of blankets, under
wear, dress goods, flannel, lap robes, steadier
shawls and other articles of manufacture far
exceeds the supply. In ISO!) the old plant was
destroyed by flre. but In 1001 \he mill was re
built on an enlarged basis and war equipped
with forty looms, which had a rated capacity
of. 480.000 yards of cloth a year. During tha
last year theee 'mills have "been extended by
adding ten wide looms of the latest pattern.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Sept. 25. — The
family of Judge James H. Mulligan,
former United States Consul to Sa
moa, was saved from death at lunch
eon to-day by a negro servant break
in- down just as the meal was being
served and asking one of the members
of the family not to eat salmon salad,
which was ready to be served. Sus
picions aroused, the State chemist ex
amined the salad and found it con
tained enough strychnine to kill fifty
persons.
The negro servant, Louis Mitchell,
had been. with the family for fifteen
years and had been pardoned from
the penitentiary through the influence
of Judge Mulligan.
Negro Sen-ant, at Last 'Moment,
Warns Kentucky Judge Not to
Partake of Deadly Salad.
POISONER WEAKENS
AND FAMILY IS SAVED
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Breakwater... Coos Bay [Sept. 28
Bonita Newport A Way Po:**. Sept. 28
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Sept. 28
G. W. Elder.. Portland & AitorU 4«rpt- 28
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor Sept. 28
State oCCaI.. Pan Diego A Way Pts.lS-pt. '-'8
Corona Humboldt Sept 28
G. LJndauer. . Gray* Harbor Sept. 28
Mackinaw Tacoma jSept. 28
Sequoia "Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 2tt
Cha--. Nelson. San Pedro Sept. 28
Ontralla Grays Harbor Sept. 27
Argo...; Eel River Ports Sept. 27
Porno Point Arena & Albion Sept. 27
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.'Sept. 27
Arcata Coos Day & Pt. Orford'Sept 27
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 2S
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports S»pt. 23
City Sydney. . New York via Ancon. Sept. 23
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro A Way Pta. Sept. 20
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. ArenalSept. 29
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pta. 'Sept. 20
Coronado San Pedro |SepC 20
Columbia Portland A Astoria [Oct. 1
Alliance Portland A Way Port*. Oct. 1
Jeanle.. Seattle A Tacoma.... Oct. 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 3
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Oct. 3
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 4
Mongolia China & Japan Oct. 4
Abydos Seattle Oct. 4
Newport New York via Ancon. Oct. 5
Aurella Portland A Astoria.... Oct. S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
September C 6. I I
laqua I Astoria & Portland. 1 pm Pier ' 3
Chico Coquille River ....I 8 pm Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Los Angeles Porta.i 1 pin; Pier 2
N. Fork Humboldt I'" m|Pler 2O
Elizabeth... Coquille River 12 m! Pier 20
September 37. I
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPler 10
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct S pmjPltf 8
St. Paul.... Nome-St. Michael. 2 pm Pier 20
Redondo. . . . j Astoria A Portland Bpm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Homer Humboldt 10 am; Pier 8
September 28. |
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
Arctic Humboldt 9 amjPler 2
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport A Way... 9 aca Pier 11
September 29.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
New-burg... Grays Harbor 4 pra Pier 10
Argo I Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Norwood.... Seattle A Tacoma. 3 pmlPier 3
State of Cal.| San Diego A Way. t> am|Pler 11
Porno Pt. Arena A Albion 8 pmiPter 2
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul.. 11 am Pier 23
O. Lindauerj Grays Harbor Pier —
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier T
G. W. Elder I Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 30.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Ortd 4 pm Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 20
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
October 1.
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pl«r 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. | 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... Point Arena | 4 pmlPier 2
October 9. !
Umatllla... \u25a0 Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler •
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 ami Pier 11
October 3. I
Alliance.... Eureka A Coos B. S pm Pier 16
October 4.
Columbia. . . Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 5.
JeanU Seattle A Tacoma. Bpm Pier 20
~ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Garonne...... Norn* ................ Sept. 28
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. Sept. 27
Cottage City. Skagway A Way Ports. Sept. 23
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. Sept. 30
Santa Clara. . Seldovla A Way Ports. Oct. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. Oct. 1
Victoria Nome A N.E. Siberia Oct. 4
Oregon Nome A St. Michael. |Oct. 8
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. 25.
Sheriff Edward Bell has concluded
that the alleged confesion of Edward
Romaine, a prisoner at Topeka, impli
cating union miners who formerly
lived in this district in the Vindicator
mine and Independence depot mur
ders, is entirely false.
Romaine'a Confession a Fake.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to Saa Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the.
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslcu-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the. height
of tide Is the came at both places.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 20.
Sun rises 8:00
Sun sets 6:03
Moon rises T:07 p m.
H ITlmel Timel JTlme ITlme
S i- — r Ft. r 1 rt. K- — fu -fu
? |H Wj |L W| [H W LL W
26 I 0:15 4.6 »:44 1.6!12:18 4.9! 6:26 1.1
27 0:50 4.5 «:23 1.9 12:42 5.0 7:03 0.9
28 1:42 \4.3 7:00 2.2 1:10 4.9 7:47 0.7
20 | 2:32 4.1 7:3S 2.4 1:47 5.0( 8:33| &7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the Udes
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are- la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given br
the charts. The plane of reference Is the meaa
of the lower low waters.
The important matter of the cost of
land and the other questions relating
to the acquisition of a farm In Tulare
County that an inquirer would natur
ally ask are fully covered. Good
lends, It is asserted, are to be had at
reasonable prices. Grazing- lands rang-e
from $4 to $15 an acre, wheat lands from
<35.t0 ?20 an acre; fruit and alfalfa
lsjids under irrigation from $30 to $100
an acre, according to location and
quality. Many large holdings are sub
divided and placed on the market In
ten, twenty and forty acre tracts, at
jirices ranging from 540 to $75 an acre.
These lands are under irrigation and
are situated within a few miles of
towns. Small farms are rapidly be
comiug a feature of Tulare County. !
.Colonies are near towns and have good
telephone service and daily mail de
4iver>\ making social conditions agree-*
able.
Qt course the climate of Tulare
County is made the subject of special I
comment. It is called to the attention
of the reader, by the Tulare County
Board of Trade that during July and
August, which are" known as the hot
xriOi:ths. the thermometer will indicate
temperatures ranging from 60 degrees
at sunrise to 98 or 100 degrees at noon.
Jn what are known as hot years the
mercury will occasionally register 108
degrees. This Is designated as excep
tional and the reader is requested to re
member that the heat is dry and, there
"being 6O little humidity in the air, it
Is not of the oppressive character that
afflicts the people east of the Rocky
mountains. '
. Amonz the marvels in which Uie bookj
Of all the counties in California
Eoce la ~™irtT»g a more .*Etrenuous at
tempt to become known than*Tulare.
""An edvertislns car has been started
out on the- road to Journey to the East
era cities in charge of A. E Miot,
-iaa^er of the Tulare County Board
c* 'Trade. This body embraces In its
rr.einberEhlp representatives of towns
s::d cities in the county and of the
great fanning districts. The tour of
the car is incidental to the promotion
cf a -great work of education that the
%ounty has undertaken.
" CTPorttinely the Tulare County
Board of Trade has Just -issued a
bonk telling about the wealth and re-
Wources of Tolare. From it an ade
quate idea of the real importance of
This fruitful county may be derived.
The county extends northerly and
{\u25a0vuiherly sixty-five miles and is seven
ty-five to 100 miles wide. It extends
from the Sierra Nevada mountains on
•ihe east to the Coast range mountains
en the west. It is Just about half
-. .iv between San Francisco and Los
.Xr.ireles. Its area is 4£33 square miles
or 3.11>5,0i»0 acres.
lus eastern boundary, beginning at
tbe . crest of the Sierras, embraces
'•Mount Whitney, whose hoary head has
an altitude of 15,000 feet, the highest
MUnaiit in the United States. The
county has a population of 25,000. The
principal cities and towns are: Vlsalia,
Tuhire. Porterville, Dinuba, Exeter,
Lindsay. Orosi and Tipton. Visalia.
Ahe county seat, has a population of
42001
VAST WATERSHED.
AS the eastern boundary of the coun
ty begins at the crest of the .Sierra and
.c-V. traces a series of the highest peaks
iri California, its watershed has a vast
Fi'ze.- From it flow the Kaweah, St.
•Johns, Tule and White rivers and Peer
Creek. Camtron Creek,. Packwood
Creek. Mill Creek. Cross Creek, Deep
Creek. Elk Bayou and Poso Creek. The
r.uuntain streams furnish sufficient
water to irrigate thousands of acres
with systems wf gravity canals that
Atv«rt the Said from the streams. Be
neath the surface of the land is an
irrxhaustibJe Espply of waled The
. Aiacawrjy of this rubierranean supply,
<nr . enc&aa u£ electric power plants
•and the advent of unlimited quantities
of cheap fuel oil have made irrigation
by purrp pystems feasible. Under this
plan water is procurable for irrigation
et a cost of from 25 cents to *2 50 an
acre.
•The fniTffnin?r facts are .taken from
the book th* Tulare County Board of
Trade has adopted. A. E. Miot is the
*uther; In addition to this general in
forination the Board of Trade supplies
entertaining reading that deals with
the conditions under which the various
Indtrstries of the county are conducted.
It is assorted that the cust of water
.for irrigation, from the gravity canals,
*is 40 ci»r.t£ to Jl 25 an acre a year. The
gravity canals belong to the lands that
they irrigate. The farmers In early
day? filed water appropriations on the
"rivers and other streams, built the
.ditches and paid themselves in water
stock. As a consequence the water
•cof;s th« farmer? annually just the
cost of the maintenance of the canals
* amd the delivery therefrom. The citrus
fruit orchards naturally require more
water than others. The cost to them
an acre a year runs from $1 to to.
• A .picture of plenty is alluringly pre
sented simply by an enumeration of
the products of Tulare. These include
* >vheat. barley, alfalfa, Indian corn,
Evaet potatoes, Irish potatoes, vegeta
bles cf all sens, peaches, prunes, pears,
-tT'rieots, apples, olives, figs, plums, al
rr.onds, walnuts, raisins, table grapes,
Wine grapes, oranges, lemons, limes
and berries of all varieties.
COST OF TIIE LAXD.
Son. Moon and Tide.
LEADVILLE, Col., Sept 25. — The
Leadville District Mining Association,
which takes in every mine manager in
the district, has decided to issue work
ing cards for the purpose of carry
ing on the fight against the Western
Federation of Miners. Notices will be
posted at every mine In the camp to
morrow, to the effect that no person
will be employed who shall not have
deposited with the timekeeper his
card of recommendation from the
mining association." An office will be
opened in the city, where the cards
will be <ssued.
Every applicant will be required to
sign a statement that he is not a
member of the Federation, or of any
order controlled thereby. If he Is a
member of the Federation he will
be required to renounce his allegi
ance to the Federation.
The mine owners here believe that
the Federation is seeking to fcecure
foothold in Leadville, a large number
of Cripple Creek miners having come
here since the trouble in that district.
Members Must Kenounce
Allegiance Before They
Will Be Given Positions
The phantom ship which has been re
ported to be flitting to and fro off the
upper western coast of North America
and which_was sighted from the crest
of Mount Tamalpais Saturday morning
thirty miles at sea taking land bearings
and photographs of the Golden Gate,
and finally disappearing to the south
west steaming rapidly, is not known to
have destroyed any commerce up to
this date, and the water front is
breathing with Its customary freedom.
Marino watchers along the coast, the
Government weather observers on
Mount Tamalpais and the State pilots
out at sea have used their long distance
glasses in hopes of seeing the myste
rious stranger, but she has been too
illusive for them. She has gone to the
southwest steaming rapidly, and is
probably busy in some unknown por
tion of the ocean developing the photo
graph she took of the Golden Gate.
Captain Jordap, who piloted the
steamship Nevadan into this port Sat
urday morning, did not observe any
craft answering to the description/ of
the spectral stranger, though he was
in the alleged locality of the vessel at
the time she waa reported to have been
seen. Two pilot boats have since been
cruising over that ground and have
seen no flagless warship taking land
bearings on the coast, eliminating the
bare possibility of the British cruiser
Flora being out from Esquimalt and
steaming along the coast — and an Eng
lish naval vessel's nationality from her
peculiar construction and color can be
made out many leagues at sea — the
probability of a foreign warship playing
hide-and-seek in this locality is too re
mote for even a water front Joke.
The Chilean training ship General
Baquedano, en route from Yokohama to
Valparaiso and due to call at this port,
is expected every day. But as she is an
old vessel and moreover may be leis
urely sailing across the Pacific under
no special time schedule, her appear
ance cannot be dated. However, she
will not take any photographs of the
harbor entrance and her navigator will
have all the land bearings he needs
long before he makes the coast, and
she will come into the harbor without
any mystery.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA — Arrived S«pt 24 — Stmr Queen,
hence Sept .22.
Passed out Sept 23 — Br stmr Wyefleld, from
Ladysmith. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 25— Br stmr Prlaceas May,
from Skagway.
Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Umatilla. for San
Francisco.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Sept 24. 4:30 p ta—
Stmr Portland, for Ur.alaska and Xomi.
doro. from BallL-J; bktn Aurora, from Baa
Pedro. %
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Sept 23— Ship
Jo9eph B Thomas, for Australia.
BAES FEDERATION MEN
Leadville Mining Associa
tion to Emulate Cripple
Cre£k District Employers
Revenue Cutter Daniel Manning Is Sent
to San Diego to Enforce the Violated
Navigation Laws and Port Regulations
WORKING CARDS
WILL BE ISSUED
PHANTOM VESSEL REPORTED OFF
THE COAST FAILS TO MAKE GOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2«, 1904.
Yuba Picturesquely Advances Its Uaims for
Recognition and Makes Fine
Show of Resources.
Tulare Sends Out Car Upon Educational Mis
sion and Its Trade Board
Moves on the East.
7THE SAN FITANCISCG GALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1904.
8
HELP WAyTEJ^rSMAIJB--Coatla.ne<L
A~LADY'3 maid, with references. $30 a mont_;
a cliaxruermald for a private family. $30.
references and experience necessary: a wait-
ress and parlor maid for a small family in
country. $30: a nurse for aa infant. $23
phce In Can Rafael); two experienced
chambermaids for hot-1 &***pt_*2"?_»j
ercii-Tfl^L^o'ck^or 11 . 0^. K tS
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
h— r P of all nationalities wanted to fill vart-
H o_f pSs't'orw^MRS. LAMBERT. 413 Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring, etc.; trad* taught from A to 2
lrl " week* tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons tausht from start
to finish in one mortth for $3: »~«"to» a,
trimmers, salesladies, maker*, guarantee
at $10 Der wk. up: 7 positions, to be flUel
Immediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manlcurla*. electric massage, etc. : stx hours-
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recegnlzed college of Us kind on coast: day
and evenlnr classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell at. .
EXPERIENCED child" a nurse: competent to
take entire charge of 2 girls 3 and •* years
respectively: city references required: wages
$30. Call 1022 Halght at., Monday after 10
a. m.; carfare paid.
MATRON. Institution. $23 and found: woman,
family washing. 2 days a week, hotel. $1 80
a day and meals. California Employment
Agency. 14 Third St.; phone Bush 403.
GIRL for country: good cook; assist house-
keeping; no washing: $30. Call Sunday afte-
3 p. m. or Monday morning at 2954 Van
Ness ave.: car fare.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operator* on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVi STRAUSS & CO.. 32# Fremont at.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
OPERATORS and tuckers oa ladles* waists.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WOMAN, capable of earning good Inoome. to
i enter business. Box 1532. Call offlce.
AN experienced girl to work la bakery. Apply
120 Sixth st.
OPERATORS, finisher-, also apprentices. 339
Clementina st.
LUCRATIVE position open for reflaed lady
with knowledge of music. Box 1631. Call.
WANTED — Colored woman for housework:
washing: references. Call 1 to 4. 434 Fremont.
"WANTED— Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
A BRANCH offlce for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
HELP WAITTEP— aiAXJS.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER COMPANY.
219 Kearny street. Phone Black 2416.
2 collectors, city. $60 and commission.
Dry goods man. $20 week.
Silk salesman. $20 week.
Gardener, $40 found.
Driver, city. German, $23 forma.
Butcher, country, near. $35 found.
Delicatessen man. country. $23 week.
5 stove plate molders, no labor difficulties,
lone Job to good men. piece work.
Candymaker. easy, city, $20 week.
Gent's furnishing man, $15 week.
2 young men to learn saddlery. $3.
2 grocery clerks, $S week.
AT CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
14 3d st.. near Call bldg. : phone Bush 405.
Government Job — Nevada.
50 teamsters and laborer*. $75 a month.
Cheap Fare — Special To-day — Fee $_
Logging — Woods.
Engineer en pile driver. $4 a day.
Spool tender. $3 a day.
3 line men, J2 50 a day.
Chief cook, country hotel. $60 and found.
General ranch hand. $:;'> and found.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 93 T>.lrl st.
New railroad wcrk. Just started.
A good camp and cheap fare.
Broad gauge. \u25a0 steam lire.
10 teamster-, $2 -.'>- 10 tea— tstera. #3 23.
Nevada— Ship To-day.
Teamsters. $2 50.
A BUTLER fcr city place. $43; a croora for
San Mat»o. $35 and found, references neces-
sary. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St..
near PowelU
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stocktca St.; butler:
country. $50: young man for club, $30; sec-
ond butler. $00; gardener. $30; Dorter. $40;
bedmaker, $S a week; 2 dishwashers. $25 to
$G0. etc. '
F. L. SKAGGS St CO.. Hotel Brokers. 23
Montgomery st.. S. F.; furnish, managers.
stewards chefs clerks, cashiers, housekeep-
ers and head waiters for hotels, resorts and
clubs.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Colo— id waiter. $C2; bellboy. $15.
WANTED — Two sub- Inspectors. $4 per diem:
a competitive examination will be held for
the above position at the navy yard. Mare
Isrand. Cal.. September 30. 1004. For farther
Inormatlon address Coniniaadant. Navy
Yard. Mare Island. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS dry goods clerk for Sacramento:
must have exclusive experience ta domestics
and linens: $20 week and chance to advance.
Apply 13 Battery »t., 11 a. m. to 1 p. ra.
only.
BARBER shop business: central: «!eg_at!y
fitted rooms: having another shop In the
country, will sell this one -hea>. STOLZ.
723 Market st.
MILITARY bushelman wanted at 2S12 Green-
wich st.. Presidio; steady position. H.
SCHNIDER.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work: no nisht or Sunday work; $23 security
required. Apply 212 First st.
WANTED — Protestant Christian with a lit:'.*
time or cash to help me fonn a business com-
pany. Bcx 19SS. Call offlca.
BARBSR wanted — First class. Corner n-sr-
teenth and Folso-x sts-
BARBER wanted to buy or ran a atop: cheap.
i Apply Call oXflce.
"WANTED— A coat— i_Jtsr. P. T. PIXXAT.T.aI
317 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — A good ccatmaJcer: $13 a week.
27H Fourth «.. rooni X.
"TANTED— Tcunc man wit- $73 far good pay-
ing; business. Address bcx 1530. Call o££ce.
BOY wanted for fartory work.' Pact_c 6ho«
Polish Co.. 217 Ellis st. \u25a0—,— \u25a0•-
LUNCH waiter fcr small r« itas rant. 2353
Market St.. near Sixteenth.
SHORT order cock: small csop—oos*; gas
stoves. 28 Sacramento st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. C33 Howarf at.
CARPENTER wanted. Apply 1879H Ha-rarf
st. No ualoa maa wanted.
FOR sale — New 4-chair barber s_op at a sac-
rifice. Call at once. 527 Sac— siaeato st.
GOOD strong boy: $1 per day. Box De?t.. M.
L. & L. Co.. Second aaj Brya_t sta.; Bryant
st. entrance.
WANTED — A maa used ta outside work aai
well acquainted ta tie city; salary. P. O.
fccx 2-BM.
"""ANTED by wholesale house, bright boy i^r
. sample room: state Age and references ta,
own handwrUlag. Bcx 17S5. Call or2ce.
YOUNG boy to deliver packages; m_it be ac-
quainted with c'.ty: references reeu'.red.
JOHN BOLLMAX CO.. SK-637 Frost st-
WANTXD— Experleaced dry mods bund'.e
wrappers^ Arnly between 9 and r. i. a.
* at HALE BROS.'
FIRST CLASS cutter cf grwd appearaac«:
steady position to right party. Apply 5. N.
WOOD £ CO.. HO Market st.
WANTED— First-class creenic«u-a gardener.
Box 1927. Call efnee.
VARNISHETt for ftn» f_T_lture. 2147 Fa.j.-m
st-. near Eighteenth.
BARBERS— 3-ch«lr shop far sale, dolrs a gtxvl
business: rrice $223. Inquire at 22) Foarta st.
BOY tcr general work ta whoVsale hcus* >: st_:«
age and «x?«r'.»noe. Box 1334. Call of2c».
DRUG elerk —anted. . Address "D— irs," bcx
19.53. Call offloe. -<««.
TWO >ounx men at 7X1 Missica St.. to !?*ra
the barber trade.
SOLtCrTORS for -M>rcii*r.t WI.-T 1125 M-r-
k>t St.. b»tw^»a Seventh and El«_l_ sts.
EOT wanted w —**_ dishee. 611 Castro
atrMt.
DEHTOTS^ _^
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown $3 60; fillings, 60c:
plates. $5; full set; all 'work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Marketnr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 230 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up:fllllngs.2Ic-
GOLD fillings. 7Sc; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
DR. R. L,. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to 680 Geary et.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tltits. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission. cor. flth.
DBJEMMAKMSJ^WD
FINKELSTEIN. 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on Installm'ts If desired; reas; call.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art s ° u tton & buttonhole factory. UP Taylor.
J£55£ A J5°J!![ A i:
A BIGGER school than.never. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof bulIJlng. 738 Mission
St., between TJiIrd and Fcurth; more space;
fln*r rooms: better light: finest In the West:
come and s»»<;. S. T. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
profeseor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
moro performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special mmsicr course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege,, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, t.rplrg; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 MarkeC
I A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, e.ec.. mln.. mech., r>ur-
vcy. as?ay. cvar.lde: day, ev. ; At. 1864; Van
der Nalll^n School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
Urn meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m..
8.13 Phelan bide: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., C02 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEG E. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. ?395 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Km-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.ac.Prof.De FIllppe'aAcademy
of !anKuages,lClS Post: est.l871;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. • Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg"my.
SCHOOL .')!.- ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIN'GTONS. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
Individual lnsfruc: all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Busine— i College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. fU mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.: private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. C25 Goiden
Gate avrv. S. F. : 75-nn*re catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. UlURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 52S1.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL," NiO Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEl'M Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. : tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4}_H O'Farrell: tel. East 42t3.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamapakl. mgr., tel. Bush S59.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 519S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALB.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wishes a
situation ; is a sood cook, kind to children,
will do some washing, will go short distance
In the country. 49 Shipley St., off Natoma,
near Fourth. :"--\u25a0;
"WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 S3 a day and carfare; no postals
answered. 549 Minna St., between Sixth and
Seventh.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel cr restaurant, city or country, 324
Masan st.; phone Black 2390.
A NEAT, reliable youns woman wants posi-
tion In a small family to do general house-
work and plain ooklng; no washing nor chil-
dren; wages $25. Address E. M.. 1212 Hyde
street. •
WANTED — By a reliable woman who is a good
cook, a situation in a small family or as
housekeeper; best references If required. Ad-
dress H. C. box 1944. Call offlce.
CHILDREN'S plain sewing neatly done, reas-
onable prices; lace curtains laundered, 35c up.
Phone Folsom 922; 2tf Dore St., between
Ninth and Tenth and Howard and Folsom.
WANTED — A situation by respectable woman
as a flrst-class cook; city reference given.
Address 57S Olive ave., near Laguna st.
REFINED lady wishes position as_lady*s com-
panion or as German governess. Box 1732.
Call offlce.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by
the day cr at home, $2 and lunch: at home
after Op. m. : phone Scott 995. 517 Myrtle av.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references as to char-
acter, wants a situation. Box 1770, Call.
A REFINED young colored girl would like a
position as nurse for children. Apply- IOCS
Clay st. _____________________
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel or restaurant, city or country. 324
Mason st.; phone Black 2306. /
A FINNISH girl wants a portion to do second
work or assist In general housework. Please
call at 65B Forty-first st.. Oakland.
AN elderly lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; city or country. 136 Fifth st.. bet.
Mission and Howard.
BY refined young lady, position as companion
to elderly lady: city or country: highest per-
' sona! references. Address box 1491. Call.
WOMAN wishes a position as cook's help or
dishwasher. Apply 529 Mission st.
A FRENCH laundresa takes washing home;
open air dry; phone Page 7931.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Basaar. 633 McAllister St..
'EMPLOYMENT WAJTTEP — MAXE.
A— SITUATION wanted to take care of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man (Dane):
understands pardenlns. horses, milking; good
reference?. Box 14SS, Call offlce.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store or bar-
room: srood references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny st.
WOULD like position as watchman: flrst-class
reference: will give $10CO security: strictly
EOh»,r. Address P. I. ROWAN*. 1234 Pierce st.
WANTED — By expenencea janncr and house-
cleaner, any kind of Inside or outside wcrk
' by the day: also small, light room in ex-
change for work. I. MEYER. 110 Hyde st. |
I GARDENER, thoroughly experienced and com-
petent to assume full charge of first-class
private places. dcMres permanent position
immediately.. Box 1929, Call offlce.
GROCER having long and successful experl-
enoe an manager and buyer is open for an
enrazement In any part of the State. Box
153S, Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Position fca duck preserve by aa
experienced keeper. H. SMITH. 103 Van
\u25a0 Ness ave.
POSITION as watchman or caretaker of a pub-
lic or private place; city or country: 2O years'
experience; No. 1 reference. Box 14S3. Call.
A STEADY sober young man from Ohio would
like place In a private family. S. GREEN-
SLACH. 1013 Mission st. :
SOBER man (35). American.- wants work In
country or private place: wages no object;
references. Box 14&8. Call office.
NIGHT watchman or Janitor work; steady,
sober man; will put up cash bond. Box
1535. Call office.- •
YOUNO German wishes position as dishwasher
in hotel, restaurant or boarding house. Ad-
aress 653 Folsom st.
LODGIPQ-HOTJSE3 FOB SALE — Con.
MARION GRIFFIK.
4nij Hearst bid 1 -.. ov««r "Examiner" entrance.
Comer .7<1 nml Market sis. Tel. Black 3007.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
«al«. Wa guarantor good titles.
NEW IWtlCK BUILDINO of B0 single rooms;
steam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric hells, hot and cold
water In every room, every modern
Improvement, right clown town, beau-
tiful furnishings, lease for 8 years,
quiet, transient; clears $351 monthly;
owner leaving for his Alaska mines;
terms $2000 down and low Interest.
Only with MARION ORIFFIN.
OOOD 40-room corner hotrl In nice location
north of Market; first-class bonrrlcrs;
cl^nni $lf>0 monthly; prlc* $3000; Yi
down and small monthly payments;
owner will take ?I0<K> of purchase pries
In board at $40 per month. Exclusively
with MARION ORIFFIN.
LARGE porches are Joy producers anywhere.
Here they are and 14 large stinny
rooms; rent only $40; full of roomers;
price $1200— cut to $700, half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN Is our only agent.
TRANSIENT CORNER HOUSE. 2 blocks
ncrth of Market; 24 rflonn; 1 floor;
easy taken caro of: rent $S0 with lease;
rightly m.anaged should cl»ar $200 pe.r
month; price $2100 — reduced to $1300.
MARION_ORIFFIN.
TO RENT— FUHNISHEI>"wlth mahogany and
flemish oak. velvet carpets; 10 rooms:
new building, newly rwlnted and
beautifully tinted: north of Market.
MARION C.RIFFIN.
82 ROOMS for $3200; rent $175; central; north
of Market: cl*ars $217 monthly; lease;
double frontage; books open for In-
siwctlon. MARION ORIFFIN.
WHAT DO YOU THINK of 30 rooms In the
center of tho city for $«0 rent? It's
In irf«id order, cl«-an. llRht and sunny;
clears $00 to $100 i*r month; a house
that caters to respectable working peo-
plo; no to October 1 you can buy It
for $1200. K-cluslvely with
MARION GRIFFIN.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE MONEY.
TERMS. H CASH
On these 5. We back you with «4 ; see?
1.
NEW AND CIaEAN: 14 rooms; 3 blocks north
of Market; price $050.
2.
ON MARKET St.: 30 rooms; offices; new and
up to date; make offer.
3.
ON SUTTER: new and fln«; boarding-house;
full stylish; 30 rooms: make offer.
4.
NEW apartment-house of 33 rooms; swell;
mnkc offer; splendid location.
5.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 73
rooms; near Nob Hill; fine for « lady.
MARION ORIFFIN.
The Jtenl Estate Agent
DON'T MISS THESE. . :*>\-i
42 rooms; corner. 0 blocks of Market; clears
. $175; B years' lease; a well furnished house.
21 rooms on Post at.; clears $110 monthly; a
good honest hous*-.
11 rooms, 5 blocks north; $700; rent $35; will
exchange for a lnr>-o house and pay cash dif-
ference.
21 rooms: near Market: rent $35; clears $75
monthly; .housekeeping: a good respectable
house that can be bought nt n bargain
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room No. 106
Examiner building:,
Corner 3d and Market.
II C. DECKER Phone Jones 531
000 MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hctcls, Flats nml Private Homes.
His buccesn In selling homes over 28 years
ln Sun Francisco Is a Kuarnntpc of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers. Si>e him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture •. ..$ 300
00 jiooms; Market st. ; only 2500
« V'lorr.s; McAllister st.:' flat i450
3tl rooms; downtown; reduced to 1100
0 rooms; fine piano; on Sutt«r st 400
18-room house: new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day; best offer takes It.
Decker's Special Bargains Not Adx-ertlsed.
8' to 400 rooms: prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER. DOC Market st.. cor. Stockton.
BARGAIN— 22 r.; flne location: full and pay-
Ing over $100 mo.; a bargain; owner to retire
account hlckness and old age; price $1400;
easiest terms. Box 1131, Call.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE of 10 rooms, eomfort-
ably furnlyhod. for sale, reasonable. 511
Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— ft-room house and furniture. Call
Rt 72S Howard st.
15-ROOM house, clearing $75 per month; par-
tles leaving city. Call 7 Grant ave. a \u25a0'.»'\u25a0.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St.
Kathryn. 4S0 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth,
room "Jl ; no xlgns.
M. MARIE HART, successful medium; magic
work a specialty; parlors 332 Eddy St.; hours
9 to 5; io sign.
DEAD — Trance medium; genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis st.
C.MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mall SI.
35<i.S 17th st.. San Fruartsop: tel. Caon $56.
CLAIItVOYANTS. v
A— PROF. MAYO. \
The Greatest Living Adviser on the
Continent.
Special thts week full -HO readings. $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
glance, before you have a chance to utter one
word, he will tell you what you came for; give
names, dates, facts and flguresj; he tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain success In
love, courtship, marriage and divorce: whether
you will be successful In business affairs; in
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, cnll on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies aru ns real as though they stood be-
fore, you. lie will 6cn>l you away happier,
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything — good or bad; you hear the truth
and nothlnR but the truth.
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.. dally and Sunday.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tel! It husband. wlf»
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant ths
controlling power in your nature so you can
lascinate any one you desire, win the, one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
tnarriace with one of choice. 10 a. ra. to S
p. m.: closed -Sunday. Tii O'Farrell st.. 828.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads, your life correctly, gives on
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the tuture; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con.
suit this great medium and you will be told
bow to overcome them: valuable advice ta
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4563. i
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 11M
Market St., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 3 p. nt. : Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to S. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young Rifted elalr. & palm. '
I correctly treat your love affair*, domestic
troubles, bu?. and financial success; names;
L.. M)c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
A— Miss M. WUle. SSO Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal s*er and life reader, will tel! you exactly
what you called for -without asking a ques-
tion: names Riven: special. $1: hours 10 to S.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. ,25c.
cents ROc. 051 Mission, nr. Olh; open Sun.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; _Sc up. H12M Eddy St.; no sign.
MME. EUGENIE the Chelro. reveals facts
that will astonish you. 47SA Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at S17 Ellis st.
CLOTKTITO RBKOVATCTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Ron Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410:
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
. COjUDJ-CmOM 1 OPTXCES.
HAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*:
city or country. Pacific Collection - Co., 413
Montgomery at., rooms 9-10. Tel: Mala &&&0. <
BUHIWEHS CIIAWCEa — Oontlnnaa.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 10S0.
3 Kddy st., cor. Market and l'owell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR cale— Well furnished S-room ark. moored
one hour's rids from city: flnn chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
finning; completely furnlnh-d and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
innklnir own k*is; toilets, closets, everything
*irl<-tly new »n«l modern; accommodates vi
l>efjp|e over night; perfect llttl* home; owner
i,I.IIk<-1 to g-> Kast; maka offer. CAMKRON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR p.alA— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; b«st coast city In California.; W> stalls:
rent only $75 per mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and eoup*>«: long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sale. . CAMERON & CO.,
.1 Kddy at. . .-; 7 .; '
FOR sale- Hoveral good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry,
icm crenm manufnrtory, bakeries, furnishing
K'tnA*. inen-hnnd!**, country hotels, restau-
rants, and many other propositions too num-
erous »o mention; would b« plensM to have
you call and lnpp*ct our list. CAMKRON
k CO.. 3 Kddy st. 0
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of reaJ estate,
rooming house* and business chances. CAM-
BRON * CO., « Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort, SO minutes' rid* from city:
7 acres In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished:
2 foam, dan"injr pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions: rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublet* for $100 ev*ry Bun-
day; eloctrlo cars direct; clears $»000 per
year- price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON * CO.. 8 Eddy st.
REALTY V8XCHAOTBOO. _ ar _ m __^
BTTITB 807 a.nd BOS. CALL RUILDINO.
PROBPETlOUfl LAUNDRY FOR 8ALFV.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY. j
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT. |
ONLY $m.00O CASH REQUIRED.
RRMAINDKR PURCHASE PRICK CAN RE
f'A!I» OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DO1NJJ A MONTHLY UUSINE88 OF OVER
TEN TIIOU8ANI) DOLLARS.
Can b« Increased to $16,000 monthly by
Investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
nest reasons for selling.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
rmrtles with capital nnd meaning business can
obtain full rmrtlrulnrs from
THK REALTY EXCHANGE- CO.,
Suite NUT and BUS Call Building.
CHANCE to buy In In a flrst-clftjis manufac-
turing business with a salaried office for
$5000. Box 1918. Call offlc^
WANTED — Party with some capital to In-
vest In AiiRora gnats: have plenty of good
forn.e. Dairy, 1434 Howard St., 8. F.
F. L. SKAOOS & CO., hotel brokers, 26 Mont-
gomery st.. S. F. — Hotels bought, leased,
sold nnd exchanged In any locality.
ENAI*! restaurant now running: rent. Including
tables, chain* and rnnge, free; other furnish-
ings $50; 1 block from Chutes. MOO Fulton st.
$1000 I3UYS half Interest In valuable mining
Invention; no agents. M., s;:_ Linden st.,
Oakland.
*(;(¥> — Half Interest In well-established, good-
paylnK business. Apply at once, 530 Four-
teenth rt.. oaklnnd.
$400— SAIX>ON, south of Market; must be
sold: stock and fixtures Invoice $150. Box
4278. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale In vicinity of Devlm-
dero street; good location. Box 1B20, Call.
WANTED — To sell dressmaking and halrdress-
lng bualntsi; nlckncss caus>>. Hox 1733, Call.
GOOD paying grocery and bar for *ale; reason-
ttble; g<Hid location. Hox 11S3. Call offlce.
CIGAR stand for sale, near City Hall. Box
1(*2. Call offlce.
FOR sale, reasonable; * notion, cigar and to-
bacco store. I42'i Third st.
SALOON for sale; cheap; good location. 833
Broadway. Oakland.
"~ _____
SALOON for sale — Cheap. 535 Howard st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«n
opened at 10OS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES TOR SALB.
A— CAMERON & CO., I'hono South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheaD rent; 10 years" lease; close In;
clours $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
c^ulpiM-d little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us. .:-. __
00- room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped in city: 5 years" lease: every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
caln on account sickness..
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rboms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $800 per month;
cluse In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once;- dissolution of partnership.
S2 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything In
flrvt-class condition; good furniture and car-
I>ets: clearing now $2<>O per month; It run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost $000: a bargain It sold at once; $300.
20 rooms: new and elegantly furnished: on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only J5 W per room; long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells nnd elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to cm first-class houst that ts clear-
ing. *35O to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease: downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest. , . :
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; jrood carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-alass,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $50O to $fl00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $o00 per month: every-
thtns first-class condition; ivlll trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms: cheap rent; very central: good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city* make an offer.
60 rooms: new. modern building: elegantly
furnished; close In: full- flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; enk and mahogany; fine proposition; '
cood lease.
10 rocms; rent $63: good furniture and car-
rots: always full; must sell within next ten
i!avs; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all Iti fine snap*: fine little- apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to ?25>OO.
Large list of real estate, roomtng-housas and
business for exchange or trade always on hand. ;
CAMERON A CO., S Eddy St.
AT a sacrifice; must raise money; house of 12
rooms: all rented: n«w carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains In lodging- nousea and real estate;
nothing misrepresented. Ban Francisco Credit
Co.. 10 Turk St.; phone Mint 741.
MITCHELL A CO
1206 Market m ...Phone Jessie 2i»Sl
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
fiats sold to tutt purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
10 ROOMS, newly furnished;. central location:
rent only $t*0: clears $4O per month above
expen»esL J. W. JAQU1TH. 1S12 Market St.,
rooms 418-413.; t«U Volsom S46S. j
rj^ BUniWKSS OHAKCES.
A—izfZd: HOTTCL of 30 rooms; rent $100; le.ase;
with first-class raying salion In manufac-
turing town across th« bay: a good paying
l.u«ln.-«n Km R. a. WII.KIC. 20 l A Kea.rny.
A— SlftOO; COVTEB saloon und restaurant; clos^
to 4 theaters; r*nt $\C>: well established
liuslness; full v»lu« In nlglit; a rare chance.
Ke fl it <J. WILKB, 2<»V» Kenrny st.
A--$<,.VX); LIVKJtV and boarding st«hle «c r or»
lh* hsy; 21 li'irses, 2 tin- k», 1 coupe, IH
liUffgl«-». hnrnesse*. etc.; ISl steady »>onr<1er«;
atahU <lolng a tlr»t \u25a0 Iumi paylim l>u«ln''S*;
rent $75. Hem It «». VVILKH. 2«Vi KexTiiy.
A- $!<;<*); IY>|;NTRY hotel alKiut M mil's
tmm this city: 39 »>*ds, M l)o«.rders. fln«
l>»r-<om with Kfcxl trade; «-Ios«» to depot. In
lively liuslness town: »i|«c« making money;
ewtaer to retire. Particulars R. O. WILKU.
?»«H Keiirny st.
A- trr.«O; BI'MMHlt «nd winter resort across
th« \my iKautlful l>ee r sanlen; house of 20
r'K.mn; 2 hars, pavilion Mi2xMl r>"». merry-
jro-r'rtind, eti«. ; |ni-,r- 4 yearn; rent $*'>; \M.-
vlllon sublet every month for %Ui0: m. rare
chance. R. a. WILKE, 2«Vi K*nrnjr •-
A — |avx»; MANIJFAi.TURINO business; rent
f.V»; th»> best opening for a trade on this
coajit; rar» and good chance. Bee R. O.
WILKIS. 2fl% Kearny st. -, -'J-i
A- $r,60; COnNKR saloon, with B years' less*:
very h«mt location and a good-paying busl-
n«»»s. Call H. «J. W1LKK, 2feV4_»<ea~iy st.
X-$»O0; COMMIKPION bu«ln«>s!»: established
many years; rent $SU; b<-»t locution: Investi-
gate; imi is a v«iiy rai— chnnco. Be« R. O.
WILKB, 2OV4 Kearny *t.
A — $1000; IJAKKRY; best location In th* Mis-
sion; rent $4R; nil «tor»> trad*; baklnc 1 Vi
tuTels par day; 4 years' len— «; fl living
rooms. 8«« R. O. WILKE. 20V4 Kejtrny st.
A-$4'»0; RESTAURANT and chophousn; oppo-
•Ito carbous«; rent $1«; a gt^xl-paylng busi-
ness. H«« U\O. WILKR. 2Q% Kearny rt.
A-$2.'^0: HOTEU with 27 furnlxlied rooms,
across the, by; 6 years' tea**: rent $75; busi-
ness nr«t cIkbs. pnylng: finest location In
gpod business town. PL O. WILKK. 2»»H
Kearny \u25a0» . j
A — I'JOO; (MRNER saloon on Fourth st. ; rent
$?.\u25a0>; living rooms; leaa»i; a place established
years miri well paylnr. f>« R. O. WILKK.
2UV» Kearny St.
A— $1200; (roilNBIl saloon on Folsom st.: rent
$:•); j.U.-e doing a first-class paying busl-
ne»a, bee R. Q. WILKK, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $17.*i0; IIAKKRY, *stab. many years; dally
receipts $'.0; baking 3V, barrclx day ; very be»t
locat'ti. I'artlculara R.H.WILKK.WVs Kearny,
f2U"<V— HAP.KKR shop; 4 chairs: el.-gant fl»-
turrs .in.l clearing at lenst $M p«r week;
r«-nt $T.*i, Including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
«. WILKK. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATES812N. branch bakery «nd
fancy grocery; 4 nlca living rooms; rant $>'&;
<J«1K- rr. elj.ta about $2»; l-st location north
rtf ilnrket st. Call II. O. WILKE, 2«4
Kearny «t.
A- $ISik»; COHNKH salo«in; about 1 block from
Chrtinlrla bulldlnK; lease; one of the best lo-
cal l« !>\u25a0 In this city; ram chance. Se« li.
<;. WILKK. 2t>'.i Kearny st.
A— ffi.'.f'O; SAIjOON. one of tha best on Market
St.; 4>»-ycitr lease; rent $107; Vlacs Is ele-
Kuntiy Mtte.1 up and never clearing less than
SIM* rer month. S<e R. O. W1LK15. 2«b
Kearny st.
A— S2fi(Nf: HOTEL In Ran Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dlnmc _nd bar roum, bowllns;
alley and dance pavilion; rent $l("0; horse,
\\.i. ••?! and \u25a0• cows; 5-year leas*. See R. Q.
WILKK. jKH Kearny st.
A— 93900; CORNER grocery and bnr on Fulton
§st. ; rrnt $'iO; llvln. rooms; stock will In-
voice about $^.MUi; a tvrl! established and
first-class paying business. Bee R. Q.
Wll.KK. 2<t'» Kearny st^
A— JXOO: CORKER saloon In wholesale district:
rent J.".n. iilace .!. in_ a fine business; sur-
rouiuird 1') wlii.!t-M»lr houses; no night or
Suni.ny work. R. Ct. WILKK. 26Vj Kearny.
A— $3UK>; KLKGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California.: i>l»o«- ruust bn sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 henlth of owner. 8ce R. O.
WILKK. 2«ti Kenrny st.
FINH OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have. Just what you want .to buy or a
purchaser for wbnt you linve to sell.
J. W. JAO.C1TH.
1312 Mnrkft st.
Rooms 41S-410. Telephone Folsom 34C8.
KTORKROdM with fixture* In very prominent
location on Market st. ; with lease U'j years
to run. with |>rli liege of renewal: will sell
leas*- and fixture* with or without stock:
• \u25a0:» m; •\u25a0-• t rent <<n Market st. for location.
J. W. JACUITH. loll! Market St., rooms
414-419; telejihon^ FoUom 3408.
THREE nice groceries, fully stocked with first-
daaa eivxls: 2 with bars connected, one with-
out: all In good locations, residence districts;
doing r|rgant fsmily business. J. W. JA-
Qt'ITH. 1312 Market st.. rooms 41S-41U;
tele:>S«>ne FoliMim it4i"S.
$2.Vn> — TUK best restaurant and cafe In a live
city near San Francisco: well established:
doing \u25a0 fine business); large ami small dtnlng-
rooms. fined up tn gTand style; rent only
j:>3 i<er month: am compelled to sell on ac-
count of lirallh.
v '4 131— Market st.
Rooms 41S-419. T«-l Folsom S468.
tyflO JliniftTiTTTM and bituminous works:
well-establlshfd business; large stock and
tools on hand. Merchants' Ag'cy. 100S>^ Mkt.
$CVkv— W_LL-EQi:irPEP stable, doing n large
business; value In sight: owner retiring.
MERCHANTS" APEXCY. 10i>Mi Market st.
AVELL-i:STAHLISH1:P com. business for sale;
gtxid chanc* for hustler to make money: price
lean. Merchants' Agency. lOOS^ Mark'et.
FOli sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease fcr t> or 10 years; a fine located
hi me and established health resort. 27 rooms;
•everal mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars Inquire or call at
MltS. HOI'I'IN 8 SPRING. BartUtt Springs.
Lake County. CaL
THU teal estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located at I'll Broadway, bet. Nth and Dth
sts . Oa-land. together with full office equip-
ment, countera. desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
la for sale. Any one Interested will ktndly
call at abovs address for further particulars.
WANTED- Hustl«r with ability to sell candy
on talary: *!•"> to $30 per week; must have a
little moaej to become a member of co-
cperatlv* corporation under California laws.
Arr'y Immediately. KKLLKR CANDY CO..
477 Seventh st. . Oakland :branch San Francisco
$ltnX>— ONE of the nicest and beat paving gen-
eiaj tnerch«ndl!«e and fancy goods stores In San
Francisco; full amount Investej; established
17 years; long leare: low rent: transfer cor-
ner; g'V.J reasons for disposal. J. C. SCX>TT,
bv>\ 12S5. Call offlce.
SfiO»v_rte»taurant. north Market, nr. Kearny:
stand Invea. : rent $60. liEKO, 31.S Kearny.
$190— PARTNER; need partner more than
money: call at once. See DERO. 31S Keaxny.
$1200— ROADHOrPE: Je_se 4 years to run;
rent $*<». See F. PERG. 815 Kearny it.
CAPITALISTS' attention Is solicited toward
a development uf Ideas for the construction
of an airship; will furnish de«lgn only upon
«*..\u25a0;\u25a0.•»\u25a0• In bank In favor of inventor when
desUn i* accepted. Address box 1024, Call.
A COMPETENT bus'nes- man with $2500 as
•ecrrtarr of a substantial company; can clear
l.'-t-A 1 a year: this will bear closest Investiga-
tion: money fully secured. 438 Crossley bldg.
BAKERS, attention — Th« best bargain aver of-
fered In a bakery: 3 living rooms, with nice
store nnd fine brick oxen. Call 2737 24th St..
near Pryant.
l'OI? sale— Restaurant In mining town In
Northern California: rent low; there ts a
proflt over expenses in regular boarders. For
particulars, box 12S0, Call offlce.
HOTEL and grocery storo connected; In small
town, adjacent to Ban Francisco; a fine loca-
tion: town growing rapidly; Investigate. Dos
1321. Call office.
CROCURY and delicacy store In roomlne-
he-use district; Me trade; 4 living rooms;
wai invoice over $000; price $372. Apply S61
Valencia st.
I AM a»si»Ung In raisins money for the clean-
est cut. ma»t promising mining enterprise
that I have ever known or heard cf. A. F.
HARA82THY. 623 Crossley blig., 8. F.
A RESTAURANT, partly furnished; Junotlon 3
lines; C10 Stanyan St.. opp. park; rent $13;
gnod bus.; living rm; suit men. wife. Apply
there.
A— WANTED — Sober, Industrious man with
about $709 to assume management of pay-
Ing business. Box 4277. Call offlce.
A PROSPEROUS florist business at halt Ita
value: 11 yeara In unto piac*. AJJrv*» box
1S.VJ. Call offW.
CAN1»Y store, with cr \u25a0Milieu factory; must
•ell; other business the reason. S2S Hayes st.
FOR sale— Restaurant, north of Market; $750.
IVr particulars, address box 1923. Call ctflce. ,
THE CALL
/rt.Trrr. C> riin-.uti'.ralions to
Jf )I! N McXAUCHT. . . .'» 2.1 .Manager
wTV-~MAKTIN. . . . Huidpr-* M^nugrr
telephone!
K£;*Rrr:::^.-rs^n.£ £
|i#U*-f»<J *>r r.rrt-rs. 20 CIM. rev VV**k. 73
f.1_. JVr Month. BlngH Copies 6 Ct*-
Trnxis br Mail Inrluolns Postage (Cssh With
.«»r<Jrr>: , „-
!^i!:Y^:riu,:S^Un":::«
I.AILT CALK.-1'y Mnd" M-nih •'"•
MM'AY <'AJJ,. 1 V-»r *«"
WtXKUr CAM. • /J-l-ji^Vvr r^rr»«r.
KOHKION JruiKUy. 415 I'T Y*nr I?xtra
POSTAOF.. | -a ..,;,\u25a0. 1 00 |Vr Y«-ar Kxtm
AIX rOSTMAflTEIUI Alti: A.irn!OH!7.r.!>
To RSCSIVB Si:il*-IUlTloNh
0cniple Ce*l*s will t— tomrto* when re-
.^: 1^^r7.£3:yv h /^h«
S£_k°_S tSSS$3^& S3 W
«~-
oaki_knt» omen:
lOie r.mmAwr T_!«phon« Main I0S3
BERKELEY OFF1CB:
tl« Ontar Rtreet Wuhan* North T7
\u25a0WAKHIT.-OT* >Ti < •Oimr31'OND!5NTt
IvAMsri-I. ".v WALL Hotel Barton
NBW YORK NEWS STANDri:
WaJflor' . Aatmia !l"t«l; A. Br» •nlam*. 81
t>'oJon B*vat«; Murrsv IIUI Hotel; Finn avenue
IJ<,tej a— >4 Hoffman House.
CMirAOO NUWM STANDS:
-h#r»an Ilmse: I*. O. N.wa Co.; <»r-»t
Northern ll.t-l: Trtmont House; Auiltorlum
Hot.!; I'-lmrr llouw.
CIIICAOO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. OIV»lt«!B KltOONESia, Ma.rquMt«» l'.ulldlng.
(Long lUstanco Teleiiln.no. "< Vntrml 2«18.">
NEW YORK tUSPlUSRECTATXVB:
BTKPII1-N II. SMITH SO Tribune Hulldlng
NBW TOlUf. OORAESPONDBNTJ
C. C. OARLTON Herald Square
UtTSINKflR OKVirnc of t>)« B«n Frnni-lseo 0"_lt.
r..ititr v ir, t _n.| Third oirrets; ot>rn until
1.' '. do k every nl_ht In lh» year.
i»i:an< h offk'km:
Jft.s Market aUwt, opposite Fifth; open until
li i>. w.
t27 M« t.t»rou:rry slrr-t, corner Clay; op«!» until
li.:;n |>. m.
r.ixi llayn street; ojwn until J:Wp. m.
UTJ hl.-.A Ulster »tr«wt; open uriHI U:50 p. m.
eitv 1 i. ik:-. »tieet; «.j«-n until l»:.".O p. m.
J'.UI illssn II street; <>l>eii until It) p. m.
lott Eleventh fctieet; <>|.en until V p. ttl.
"JC."1 Valrn. Is utrcet; open u'i'll V I>. ra.
r»otttiem.t <-.nn«r «huiv!i »rij l»um-un streets;
open until 'J i>. rn.
SSni mim>ire. Mrert: open until 0 p. m.
MEETINO NOTICES.
BAN FRANCIS<>"> Oiai>ter So 1. Royal Jy
Arvh Mason-, m^-t, THIS ISVCNINO. /VS
' lw-jitte 4. II. O. rHINClS. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL' IxkIc* Nn. 22. F. and A. tt
M.— THIS (MONDAY) KVENINO «tYY
;.:...,. |. (l k. S.-.i.ml de K rw. lly «ird«r AV\
fit Illr MmlT.
W A I .TIJt O. ANPnRgON. SeTrtary.
HKKMANN loide* N*<v >27. K. and A. •» _
M.— Called north!* THIS PAY iM'IN-W
I>A\, K.<t.mlH-r 2ti. «t 7:.»» n'dock /V\
!\u25a0 m me. 2 Hy order of th« W. M.
- U flirMA'-HKK, S-.-r.tary.
KIN'J K«»l/>Mi>NS I*>l_e No. 2<». F. «
an.1 A. M. 1W.» lllli:i.<r- M --Third
. «Wiv*. THIS iMONPAYt K\ T.NINO /v\
\u25a0 t 7.:«» ..vim-k. HARRY PAKHR." Sec
CALIFORNIA Hartor No. IS, fm__
*•\u25a0*•" M : ' ' '" '" !1 §?"^AB'«ns-
. er» -tii] jH^ml—rs are n- ;H] ?> _B_B^^**
..<ju.»trd to ntlriij our h'su- vBm^^^^
: lar nit-ting THIS iMon- r
\>\\> i;vi;ninu nt s «.ii. K k. UuMness of
ImiaVLUbM v.111 lM> aiteri BR.
JOHN alcFARLAKD, <*Hptaln.
It. N. i'im:y. t«fr— -tan*.
T1IK restilur m»wtlns of _,
• tiiililen tiatf t'Mip Nil 84. < '. "^ffl
«lll I- '.rl.i MONDAY /L^i-tH
' M N;Vl ' Srjitenil-1 •_\u25a0•\u25a0. f^^VfStWA^i
VJ-.H. Th« l'«i i i \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r -> iknigiVr^
«"ommlite<i will \l»it us "\u25a0w \u25a0\u25a0
on that night. an>1 Hie ..fTliTt* «ni1 inenil>ers
«>f all cimi't c-r V<\ t>. W.. «r« rf^jiei-tfully
tn« ttrd t» mtrnd.
XV. P FERGirSON. Cocsul Commander.
JOHN T. O'lHiXNI-XL. Clerk.
BTOCKHOLDEttS 1 we. ting. —Notice !s herel.y
givrn th-»l the «•.-\u25a0.-.... tneetlnc of th» utix-k-
ln>l.!tr» oj t»ir JUrik . r «*allfornla »..! ho htl.l
• at th» banktnc-tiouxe In Him t-ity ,.ri TUES-
DAY. «v-t,.!-r 11. 11*64, at II o'clock a. m.
Wy order of the IVuirJ of I»lr«vtors.
AU.KX M. CliAT. Secretary.
THE California Pebrls Conimissinn having re-
f*lvi><l »;;::..-.•! v. trt n.iT.r by hydraulic
rroc«-*s from J. K. Co»J.r>'. In Slide mine,
near St. Lout*. Sierra County. CaL; draining
Into £-ckrt» Ouhh and SUte l^eek. which
reai! \u25a0 Yuba River, glvrs notice that a
meeting to receive any *ill t* hel.l
at roc— i l>6. KIim^I l>ullrt!ns. San Francisco.
'tl \u25a0 o \u25a0\u25a0<\u25a0 X V.»H. at 1 Sit r m.
AQEBT8 -yABTTED.
CXrCRIUXCnp ranvas»ers. tfi to t9 day. 1114
\v a*h:r.cton *t.. o*klar.J. r. S; 1<» to 12 a.m.
ATTOElfrYS-AT-LAT-.
It. W. KINti. Attnrne; -at-Law. Exam. h'.Ag..
flh fiivr; mtrnr.ee nvm «;il; r»tablJ«hed 70
>ear»; *:i court*, general court and office
preens: no fee in aflvancc «t for ccnsulta-
uon; evenings t y arr^lntmect. Tt 1. l>d SOOU
ADVICE tree on all legal matter*: divorces a
specialty; rrtvate. quick: no r*y in advance;
tninlr.g <\u25a0 inij'anje* orgaclsej; patentx obtatnrd
O. XV. IIQWi; UT2 Market «.; estab. g-ira.
AAA— PIVORCE cooia/fliT quick. quleU
Advice Tree; all la» tiuslnesa,
Ni> charge ur.lcrs -uccewiul.
U<» Market *t.. cor. Seventh, room 41».
A A— Fivi>n*.c<*ui $12;QuU-k. quiet: advice free;
all law l>u*!ne»»: ri" «harg«> unless success-
ful: open «-ver.:mr«. »^7 Market »t.. roo:n S01.
ADX1CK fre«: div»>rco oosta $12; no fees or
e«»ts ta advance; all law business; office
«T<rn Saturday ettr.lr.ts K19 M.rVrt St.. r. 33.
APV1CE free; <I!vcTce *~*ts $12: quick, quiet;
a'.l law bu*tsea>»; r .» charge unless mrrnt.
tul: o;-rn »ven!nrs. tcr Market, reeni K»4.
ADVICE free. Co'umWan Law and Collection
Agency, room t^.. 910 Market; tel. Jchn «T22t».
rATHNTS. An-.ertcan~anl foretcn. PONTAlTs
U PATgKT/ ACKXCT.1 214 rin. st.. f.th fl^r.
L. S. CLAHK. !«r7 Murket. room &V*; censulta-
ticn free; no tee« m advance; crwn evenings.
COLLECTIONS, tenants ejected^ mechanic's
-r^t-jte .A?t~rr.ey.fJ2 Market st.room 2S.
,_; ASTBaiA_ CTCTBB.
PI N'OLA'S Asthma Remedy rr!:evea Instantly
loe. »c. J*c. lt*>. Matket. St. Nicholas'
also 'VNit-hart, lftth ard Washington. Oakland!
l/»COMOBILE. lft-ae>n>epe«rer: • w>a!s; m
gt>ftd runair.g order. c_:i 473 Vaiencla «t.
_ BIKDS. DOGS. ETC.
HARTS Maintain c*T!arte« X. African gTay~j«V-
rots. 3vm'- rc«f iTrd. A. C. Robla-'n. SSS Kes.-ny.
BOAJtpiKO rOK CSOLSSEIT.
Or'CP car*; misanablp tern^», Ca!l or adireia
MltS. M. L. CLCAVKS. S7lh ave.. Fru'.tvale.
tVANTtP — A child ta board: terms reason.
ct>le. Arp!v ax UM Se\-rnth st.
COMrRH^^UD Air and \'»ruum I*r*x-e,« used
;•\u25a0'.»..» i— irpcts en i\.*cr r-ithowt reXMrai;
carprt* »;-.d rut?- a!*o cle^nru by >.-v>ni;>:es»^
air «t tho;-; f.K-fa moderate. 5. F. Coni-
pre-wd Air (Iriunc Cu., ZH^S Market »t.;
l<&cnc» ;j..m Vi and Hush 47J.
Tk'HEN you hp-mc «!l— custed with j-our work
•rnd fcr SrAl'LIUNiVS* IMonecr C_rr«-t-»x-at-
trjt wtsrka. JUCT Trl-.am- tit. Tel. South «i).
AVUFTIIRN Carjict Cleaning Work*. lSiie liar-
t \u25a0 -l it.; Al cleaning. 3c ki:i;i» HAC_:~
1K*RN A CO.; phene Mlralon 223.
UITOICLL'K. 240 Ktourteenth at.— First -class
carpet cleaning. So yatd. 1V1. Mlcslon 74.
'CONKUVS Superior Carrot Heating WKrks,
£33 Golden Cate axe. Telefvhone ITasi 12ti.
JIOJ'Ki: HROS,:cxr-llrnt rarjTt heating; mat*
tr*t*e» su<d« <>x-rr. 1432 Howard :tel. South 216
ADVANCE Cutci Clean Injr »\\..403 Sutter st.;
!\u25a0: V.«i:i :::•! or.Tl. \VALCX">M & CO.. l*rcr>».
RtrrOUni *. CO. carpet-heating wvrks: prices
jttri : »l !r. 17U3 1U.I itca »t ;'f ! Mitruu 2CX <
A LITTLE WANT . ADVCRTISmENT PLACED IN THESE
IMPLOYICEHT WA_fTT3> — MaJe-^Coa^
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman (25) de-
sires position with wholesale grocery house;
-peaks Spanish and German: best of refer-
ences from present and past employers.
Addrese box 1490. Call ornce.
WANTED — Position requiring services of one
capable of attending to correspondence, tak-
ing charge of office force, performing sec-
retarial duties; best references. Box 1JW5,
Call ofnce.
YOUNG man, 20 years old. 4 years' experience
first-class hotels, knowledge French. Ger-
man. English, wants office position In- hotel.
Address MARTIN J. DUTTBERND. 1029
Jackson st.
HONEST, willing young man, looking for por-
ter and bartender position: has soire experl-
ence tending bar. Box 1753. Call office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, secretary
or manager, by trustworthy man; best of
references. Box 17SS, Call office.
DIE stamper experienced in color, bronze and
Illuminating, from the East, wants situation.
Box 1943, Call office.
SMALL contracts and general Jobbing by a
competent carpenter; estimates given. A.
M.. 3473 Nineteenth st.
WANTED — A position by a flrst-clasa mlll-
' wrlght: best recommendations. Box 1411,
Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD German dishwasher wishes a posi-
tion in the city or country. Box 1935, CalL
YOUNG man wishes to learn grocery business;
& few hours In the evening. Box 1956, Call.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cook; family or boarding-house. E. 1*. 1113
Clay St.; tel. Black 3658.
YOUNG Japanese couple want positions: man
is a good cook, wife to do general house-
work; wages J35 per month. Shoe shop, 445
San Pablo ave., Oakland.
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position aa
schoolboy. FAROW. 1040 McAllister St.;
tel. Fell 7181. '
A JAPANESE wants a situation ae assistant
cook or housework; city or country. K.
NAKATO. 640 Pine st. --.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy. HOSHI, 1301 Post St.. Japanese
Episcopal Mission; phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy wants position' to do cooking
In family or family boarding-house; wages
$30 to $35; refs. Add. F. A.. 20 Lewis place.
JAPANESE couple want a position; man to
- do kitchen help: wife as second worker in
family. TAMATO, 423 Stevenson St.. S. F.
JAPANESE boy. gentlemanly and honest,
wishes a position as schoolboy or half day
work. TENJI. J. Y. M. C. A., 121 Halght.
A JAPANESE wants a few hours' work of any
kind, day or night. FRANK. 313tt Stockton.
JAPANESE boy desires position as schoolboy;
understands housework. MATA, 1703 Market.
EXPERIENCED Japanese wishes position as
watchman of Dasture. T. SATO. 121 Halght.
FLATS TO LXT.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
MINNA, 017 — Sunny flats, rents $15 to $17.50;
3 rocms and bath each; Janitor service,
scavenger, etc., free; call and see them.
SIXTH ave., 757. between C and Fulton — Sun-
ny, modern, upper flat; G rooms and bath;
rent $23. SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
TWO new elegant upper flats; 6 rooms and
bath; marlre view; reasonable. SE. cor. Bu-
chanan and Filbert sts.
NOE. 163-163, near Fifteenth — 8-room flats, 1
block north of Market; middle. $30; -upper,
$32 50.
$32 50 — NEW 7 fine sunny room flat; fine fin-
ished; 2 toilets: fine bath; latest Improve-
ments. 130 Second ave.. near Sacramento.
$24 — LOVELY flat; 5 rooms: all modern and
sunny: yard and cellar: grand view; water
free. 736 Dolores st. , cor. Liberty..
$27 50 — LOVELY flat: 6 rooms: all modern and
sunny; yaVd and cellar: grand view; water
free. 734 Dolores 6t., cor. Liberty.
$32 50 — LOVELY flat; 7 rooms; all modern and
sunny; water and hall gas free. S74A Valen-
cia St.. near Twentieth. ___^
GREEN. 2132 nr. Webster— Most elegant new
10-room uoper flat, with attic: sun all day;
superb. unob»tructed marine view; $70.
4 ROOMS and bath each. 39 and 43 Langton
St.. near Howard, also 116 and US Perry St.,
near t ThIrd.
LAKE. 742. near 9th ave.— New French flat,
6 rooms; rent $25; marine view; park in rear.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1039, near California— Flat
of 5 rooms and bath.
MODERN sunny 5-room flat. bath. SS7 Capp
st., near' Twenty- fourth.
NATOMA. 714. near Ninth — Upper flat; 4
sunny rooms; large porch; rent $14.
VERY sunny modern upper 7 rooms; NE. cor-
ner Jackson and Larkln sts.; rent $37 50.
$12 — FOUR sunny rooms. 234 Duboce ave.,
between Guerrero and Market sts.
PLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED modern flat; sunny; near park
and colleges: 6 rooms, bath, etc.; owner,
whose family Is away, retains his present
room; rent $23; no children; references. Ad-
dress box 1SS6. Call office.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. ra. 73 South
Park.
OAK. 419 — Sunny new modern elegant fur-
nislud flat: 6 rooms, bath, piano; large
pa Men. '
A NICELY furnished flat of 5 rooms for sale
reasonable at 1377^ Stevenson st.
MODERN sunny flat; rent $42 50: water free:
furnishings at a bargain. 17S Oak 'st. ; call
between 10 and 3.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished I-
room flat. Apply mornings.
i _______ __———- ———————————————————
yXTKHITUKE FOB SALE.
H METER & Co. 'pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mlsslon:tel.Bush 813.
$73 WORTH uf furniture for $7 30 down, $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
FOLDING bed for sale. Box 979. Call office.
njBJCITUBE WAUT— 'P.
_______
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jetsis 761.
Don't aell your furniture, carpets, ofnee rur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
gELP W Agrr ED— \u25a0 rBKALB.
GIRLS ToTaVET" b\*ZRALLS— NO EXPE-
R1ENCB NECESSARY: ' GOOD PAT;
STEADY WORK. LEVI STRACSS A CO..
32 H FREMONT ST. APPLY TO MR.
DAVIS.
OVERALL ANT> OVERSHIRT OPERATORS
WANTED. STANDARD- FACTORY. COR.
GOVGH AND GROVE STS.
A — WANTED operators oa ladles* waists. 636
Mission st.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' and chil-
dren's underwear. 65U Mission st.
GIRL fcr housework and cooking. Call between
0 «nd 15. 2425 Flllmcre st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
children: sleep hem*. 332 Capp st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom pants. M.
MOKGANSTERN. 461 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 20 Third
street.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary bo object.
EXPERIENCED girl for bakery. S3& Third st.
GIRL wanted fcr light housework; $10. juj
McAllister st.
YOUNO cirl to assist Mret housework; no
washing. Apply 1316 Ontral av*.
A FIRST-CLASS pants finlaaer. 135 New
Montffcmery st., rcom 13.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
9
m 3X7.? WAHTgZ>— 3IAI.E— ContJncefl.
t—£XUBJ£AY & KilADY. «i ani CSC Clay zt.
. , : Phone Main &84£.
l.ratJinjr Employm. r.t and Labor Agent*.
We- rpeak tht German. French. Italian,
Urerfc. Spanish. Slavonian and
; \u25a0••ni.-h lascuares.
r>J3 v> <7av« : , i'»C4 We Hoj* to
bti.UUU Mm Work. Increase <S<!,«:UO.
15 carpcottra ~Z-kc fart-; $?. day.
. 3 Khtnglers. SCe faro: $1 r«r M.
:• .renters, ranch, rare $123; $40 round.
." w.c.jm-orkLrE. £*>; 3 bench bands. $30;
Table maker: 3 brush maker* ; band sawyer
—12 ri-A^TERERS. $* M DAY—
rLUMBERS. FARE PAID. i
12 r>Ium!wr.% no union. $4 a day.
<i IKON HOLDERS.
w»n)»rs; 2 vcrr.lsh Cni?fc«-«.
<:s.T3X inn-.m^rmsn. Lisp $2 iu>; $r.-»» fuvnd'
*\ cl!«lic£cr. ttfidersiaa£j gas «Tisice Jtu Id.
!. -. . rrr.;tn gasoliav fiiglne dnuijcr $75
MURHAY & READY. CC4 and C:;C Clay tl.
— LUJiUEIt SYNDICATE.—
-.\u25a05 laborers. *->rk en railroads. «<».
NEW JOBS.
I'-: \u25a0woodi-hopr-ers.
Alin YOU GOING Tf> RU1TET
• 2i teOSMCTSj :^p«cial Jr.b. $(77 ZO
12 BOILERMAKERS.'
"• IT Bci'.erc^kers. 12 Boilermakers.
324c ip ;^ l -c hour C2« s c u> 36*-c hocr.
RUEE far»— —FREE Fare.
iia.aa.4ter at our offtc*.
BOYS— BOYS— UOYS.
ITT boy* or youR;? men. box factory. $35 f<J.
:• usasterc, large roach, $to »nd found.
Hastfy ran e!aughter-hoc*e, $2i> to 125 fi.
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETV.
14 chcrr-n-.en. boys, tee us. S13 $20 $.10 fd
•. p» rural firm han-ix. steady ' job** $30 M.
i;.' ni'ker*. various p'=<-»--, $30 $35 found.
BAKERS.
Fororr.ar. rake baker. $25 wcei.
.j :-.. ::<ts, different baitrics 52O $25 $35 fd
DRAPERY. ' .
Ex;*-rier.'?cd drapery sa:<-*rsian. city
BUTCHERS.
3 sheep butchers $.*).
4 kcirr rnca $2 73. 5 aauag* makers. $14-
12 waiters. diCercnt places. $23. $30 $35 fd.
COOKS.
;v cocks. difTerent piaces. 530. $40 $30. $70
round.
HELL ELEVATOR BOYS— BEOMAKERS
3 <i^£flwa*h«rs. different places. $20 $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
. 2 March irnrwr?. $12 to $18 week.
Polisher, ironer. atarcher. fare $1 «0. $2 56.
Married farmers southern town, $.\u25a0*) and fd
TO EL-D-CO TO-DAY
"55 trark men; icy laborers will d*.
*C1 5O TO $75
BIG WAGES.
• machln* miners boae here $90
' ' f* Kucken. gtAI mine, bocs here, $75
. v> hetlwrigfct. Nevada State. $«) aad found.
LAUNT>RY.
>r*ier. 3Oe fare, hotel $X"> ar.<J found
> .Iron«r. S. M. Co.. ea*y job. $25 to $SO fd.
l.«undryman. run stesun engine. 50c fare. $40
M'in to take contract cut lumber boss her»'
.Htrenc handy man with butcher Wclfe. $2 50
. Vv'.a?her. 2 starchers. shirt irooers,
j-^ward, city hotel $4O and found
•MURRAY & READY. CS4 and Ski Clay at.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
55 te&msters. » hoars' work $2 day
- . BOSS HERE."
135 <?ieetri<" raotorrsen.
Exper;er:c**d men or.'.y.
MURRAY Sl READY. r534 and 636 Clay «t.
BT1CKEB hand, city min.
Qffii porter, saloon, country. $25 and found
2 young men. wholesale liquor store, $S to $9
meek.
- \u25a1 moloVrs. $3 day and found
*. ircn.mokJers* helpers. $2 (Jay and found
S:zn ratinter. wajron. etc. fare $1 25, $32 50
\u25a0and found.
- _Van run sewing machine. $2 50 day."
ButLbei. Santa Clara County. $35 and found
. Pikty wajron driver, country. $40 and fd
gUBBAY &. READY. «34 and Km Clay st!
WANTED — Twenty men ari women to !«ara
.-. '.the b*.r5>rr trade; a new method which en-
- . anifs the student to e*n> wages while he is
. ' learn ng: ri>ec!al inducements this month:
• . ft particulars call or address HAIGHT
BUANCH. 'A~ Commercial St.. S. F.
*, SiE^' -to ieam barber trade; only eight weeks
required; ccrstant prattJce and expert in-
- structii.n; jiusltions secured; special induce-
TF-ents thi* month; catalogue mailed free.
.," it'-Jler Syet«n College. «33 Clay st.
*.. ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
•. ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
.to r*«r.»ter with us free or charge. HORD
• A SMITH. 95 Third St.. 8. F.
V," AN TED— Men and tx?rs to. learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of i*r»ctiCi«!
f. Hiiunbfftr; tert Tor cauUnrue. Address 4973-5
""* Easton'ax-e.. St. Louie. Ho.
I WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
• •;o\err.a-.er.t positions. Apply for free cata-
iocue caving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence . I tstitate. Grand tldg.. 1085 Market st.
WANTED — Labcrers and mechanics to know
\u25a0 , that Ed Rjjlkir., Reno House proprietor, has
\u25a0-.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 luu n«w rooms to the Denver House.
£17 Third st. : 250 rooms : 25c to 50<? per night.
X&T cur men's shoe*, union made; $1 and $1 50
r*ir; foot-firm sh^es. J2 Zt>; we pay express
rr.anre«. 11 ZA «.. Exn:. bid. :open till 9 p. m.
PCR rale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keop'rg rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
BARBERS — Good peyir.r 2-chair shop for tale
cbeap; must sell th.s week. 1103 Howard st.
WANTED— Man to <«o Janitor work for his
• t-j'.tior. tn i- F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
J SAILORS and ortlir-ary seamen for all parts of
;' XiM world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN «antej at 137 3d st.. where shoes ar* re-
paired by machinery : sewed soles 10 nr.in.. 75c.
L>BOR debts collect *<J; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32* Montgy..r.415-
tAlLCHa and young rvn fgr^en hands) for
•hip*. HALLRERT. 517 Jackson et.
tpEXSION Atty., E A.BuUis.r 40.Phe!an bldg.
. fr*Jt Com G«v H. Thcmas Post. G. A. R.
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
tut — 7m» roonn 3Sc cignt: reading rooms;
tree 'bos ar.4 baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The C 11 for the recep-
ticn cf •dvertlsetsents and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Firth.. Open until II p. a.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
'Tall branch ofne*. cor. Duncan A- Ctrurrh sts.
*ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
\u25a0 " i'. if*. 5C3 Miffirti st.. b»t. 1st and 2d st*.
*<;ET r««r *ho*» half-soled while waiting; 25c
•--. V". 363 SJiEt.on tt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
- FTNE river bottom parcurag«: green feed y*ar
roend; Bear Black Diamond. Contra Costa
Coucty. Kacl»ut StaMes, ISO Eteveneon. S.F.
FOR Mile— A brood raar», color black: also a
nice sorrel m^re. fir.e fcug«;y horse. 322S Fol-
• • sera St.. rerun- Pr»c'.ta ave
~UFT arrived. 2 carload* of horn**; for sale
m ' c-. trade.. Cor. 15th ar.4 Shotwell sts.
" fOUSrO buggy mare for sale. Apply Sll 37th
\u25a0*\u25a0•\u25a0 Oakland.
FOR* »al» — Horae. kuitable for delivery wagon.
.Box 11S4. Call offic*.
."FINE T>i:pe. newly palst^d. varntahed and rub-
t* r-tired. 1011 Sutter rt.
A- "LIGHT hnrtress buggy for sale reasonable.
Box 1C«4. Call offW^
f'lL'XO bay mare. 6 years eld; well broken for
family use; 050 lbs. 615-17 Ellis st.
GOIXG «>ut of business: new and second-hand.
wi.gon* sold cheap. I«S3 Kirsicn et.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sal* cf hers*-*, warens and harnesj
• erery Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Elrih <t.
W.'.CO.VETT 1 :?. «jrrej-s. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, wct!: -\u25a0 ' 'ri»-ing horses. 15th-Volencia.
a WEE* .t 5 rvr.'.r — The Weekly Call.
1* &ar- rer. frr ~.a.ljtr.e. $1 r»r rear ;
. . '.1T5SS TO 5S?.
PA^PBIJCTZD Hrt c? Reuses to let; waid for elr-
cuUr. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mostgotnery.
TO Itt— Hcas* of 10 rooms oa California st.;
' r«-r-t $40. Inquire at N. w. cor. TUasion
and Teeth. Cat- Housewrecking Co.
rCRNIKIilTD curry corner house for sale j
c-heatj; coir.x away; cood Income. SOI Pino st. |
HOUSES TO LST— ~
TINE. 2730 — Sunny bay-window 8 rocms and
L«. - . t.. completely furniEhtd; yard; basement;
coal and g&» rarffes.
BOsTABX>, 2!::i>. near Eighteenth: 8 rooms, j
• - olccly furn:th»-d: Mission warm belt; 1 to 4.
P8BVXSHXD fiat to let. Call at any time b«-
\u25a0 Iiit» 12 p. m. I*5U Grove st.
OAK. •il"— Kacriy new rr.oAem. elegantly fur-
nished hcue*; C nns: La<h: batement; garden.
DAK, IITI'ITiiiiiij r-.o<irrr.. elegsntly fumlsh-d
houte: Jo :''<r.*-: 2 l>at!v; j;i*na;lar*;e garden.
gogsrs rrrHriisaga— roa sale.
f>B rale, furnished, 10 rooms; large tunny
yard: ••-.'; &u£h t-t: call bet. 1 and 5: ask for
. .lacgltdy.
•_ nrvAxrg^cgAias.
BOLD rented, exchanged: manufacturer* of
Earoes tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tei. Park 771. '
if HI I HNS Will RDIMd XAHNirniT) DFTl IDNS TRY IT
V^VyLvJ bIN^J W ILL. LJ-KIi ivJ /V\i~"\l Nil A^/LL^ KL I vJKlN^-^ I I \ i I J
MOZTE7 TO I.OA3T.
COMPANY" (IncT)^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5>i and 6 per cent.
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates in rrobate, undivided interests in
proiitrty. probate realty leans, stocks and
bends, legacies und undivided interests In
property purchased.
.'.MANHATTAN L<~>\N 'nvp^'V .
buite 107-108 trccker bldg.: pfcone Main 0*24^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-W2-e03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no dlaappointments.
gave exoenscs by dealinz directly.
Estate, second mcrtgages, undivided inter-
ests. as: - ;ennier.ta of rents, property in trust,
etc. , legacies, lite estates end. undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous tr-tatnier-t. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN ML'KPHY.
~~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mcrtsasf. on real estate or
Chattels, tn city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Giv* full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 49u, Call otflce.
SALARY LOANS —
Mou^y loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call a.nd get terms. Drake, 45H Parrott bids-
X OI% furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal- no publicity: also on real estate;
1st or 2il mortgages or on aay security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3'J Geary, room SO.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry. a t -
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S46 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Farrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salari-.-a without
security diamends or chattels; no fee; no
ccto.: cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 520 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL; LOAN OFFICE. C07 Market \st-
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
do commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st- rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rialto
bMg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage*.
Irfp inscurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 31 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; jrold. silver,
diamonds, pearls and- precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Stxth s^
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se*
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employe*. Room 3ll, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
10O.T Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
ALL ir-ans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5"« Kearny.
3% ON furniture & piar.es: $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. « Eddy st.
CASH loan-d salaried people on notes without
tndorser. MORRELL. '09 Examiner building.
MOHST WAHTTO.
"RKXADIO." European phenomenal healer by
"humanized radium" power; call and witness
the "continuous" treatments: rhours 2 to D*.
also 8 p. m. ; (free) lecture with free healing
- in full view of audience. Bring your sick.
7V.'j Market st.
MUSICAI. T"«---—' t»»'-' — '"<.
A^BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMEN ' ~ i
Erard. splendid for practice $4i»
6-herman. Hyile .t Co.. splendid order. .. .$12.">
Grovesteen & Fuller, a bargain $14j
Also Chlckedng. Weber. Stelnway, Vose.
Steck, Stirling and others at low prices
EENJ. CURTAZ Sc SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase: lowest
terms lowest price* and greatest variety o'
-new pianos: all makes In used Instrument*.
' HEINE PIANO CO.. 2-"3-237 Geary st.; Oak-
l*nd. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
CLOSING OUT SALE— Pianos, just as good as
n*-w; must be sold before October 15. Prices
ran?i' from $110 to ?1«3. Cash or install-
ments. 7f-;9 Market st., second floor, over
Auditorium Penny Parlor. First com-e, first
served.
WHEK ycu want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Oirtaz Piano Co., 560-62-64
Hayes ft.; tel. Fe'.l 57*51.
GOOD new Diano for sale cheap. Call at 2OT
Taylor st.
Talking machines, guitars, etc. ; easy payments
month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter
A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
beg-any case; cheap. Hornunir. 216 McAllister.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b?
sold: $135. 237 Geary Bt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good a*
rew; $1."?3. 237 Geary St.
SOHMER. Byrcn Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piana
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Po»t St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMTTZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL StPlnway up: Chlckerins baby grand:
Shonlneer. little n<<-d. Ke*ffe'«. 2*5 O'Farrell.
MI27ES AITS MIKING.
COMPANIES incorporated: first 6tock sold to
Btr»rt company off irr pood shape; strong pres-
ident sn1 director* Enured; writ" cr cali
A. F. HABASZTHY. 522 Crossley b!Jg.. S. F.
THH BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEV'eT-
OPMENT CO.. rocm 13. 330 Pine St.. will in-
coryorate and finance propositions of merit:
beys, selli. develcrw and operates mines.
OrriCES AVTD V7OR2S TO I.ET.
MARKET Ft.. 117— Splendid brick building: 5
llocrs, with baieraent: lot 43xl37:»J; .1-ycar
lease; will put in order for good tenant.
Ki'EinC *: CO., 200 Montgomery st. ,
AN elocant store for rer.t: siiitable for baroer
shop tailor cr haberdasher. Inquire at
Teinr-le Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
GROUND floor offices. CJS Market St., near
Kcarny; size to suit. SAGE DEALEY &
CO.. C3S Market >t.
A— SEVERAL, good Market st. stores to let;
leases. SPECK A CO.. 209 Montgomery.
FOR rent— Section of large loft: Il^ht and airy
L. MINK. Ht) New Montgomery «.. 7th floor
JTOBES WANTED.
SMALL store, suitable for stationery, etc. Ad.
dres? box 14S8. Call office. \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0; -'... \u25a0»\u25a0
PERSONAr.3.
A — CALL, and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated: 1 ruarantea to remove
permanently wrinkles. Ireckies,
Smallpox pittir-ta. etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you aeti're a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell at.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Llle. a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all drugsrista tor
over 2u yeais; price Sue. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk at.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.,1338 Polk.
MY wife, ADELJNA GHIO, having left my
bed and board, I shall not be . responsible for
any debts contracted by her. JOHN GHIO
San Francisco, September 24. 1904.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
ckilled specialist from Europe. Apply Centra!
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
ELECTRIC light baths; baking tor rheu-
m.-itlsra: all kinds of hydrotherapy; 233 Geary
at. entrance, suit 27; even'gs by appointment.
YACHTSMEN and business men — All kinds
cf drawing- and tracing win be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. CalL
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults,' overcoats.
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
optician. 1334 Market St.. rm. 207: est. 1S3L
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eatop. 363 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r.S8.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. -Fred Waynes. 850 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at IS10 Sutter gt.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants. $15
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7ta & IthI
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. G ARIN. 138 Montgomery st. > <
ALAMEDA ADVEBTS'MTS
ALA MX DA RTT*T. ESTATE. - - j
FOR sale — Fine corner store ant living rooms
above; barn and outhouses: lot 5oxl(X>; must ;
be sold: owner going away; price $3,"««. /
Owner. Railroad ave. and Stamen st.. Ala-
meda.
FOR sale^ — Fine 6-rocm cottage, nearly com-
pleted; lot 50x108. Call and see It at 13G0
Union at.. Alameda.
AXAMEDA rXJEiriSHEO H0TJSE3.
WILL lease, to responsible people only, beauti-
ful home of 11 well furnished rooms; large |
grounds, fruit trees, stable and carriage- 1
house: very reasonable; water free. Box
1344, Call office.
BERKELEY ADYEET'S^TS
BEBKEXEJ ESAI. ESTATE.
HOUSES and lots for sale In South Berkeley;
will build to suit buyer on the installment
plan: buy direct from owner and save your
commission; at. home afternoons and Sun-
days. CHARLES HARMON, 3121 King st.
(Lorin station). South Berkeley.
OAKLAND APYERT ? S'M ? T3
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXX.AJTD REAIi ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, j
BEAUTIFUL LATHAM TERRACE.
$375 and upward for 40- foot lots.
On»-fifth cash, balance easy monthly pay-
ments.
Lots unsold In Latham Terrace are now to
be disposed of without Increase in price,
although it is well known that this prop-
erty, at the prices fixed. Is by all odds the
cheapest and best offering now on the mar-
ket east of Lake Merrltt.
THIS GIVES AN OPPORTUNITY WHICH
WILL NOT ESCAPE WIDE AWAKE IN-
VESTORS AND HOME SEEKERS.
Latham Terrace fronts on East Twenty-sec-
ond, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth sts..
- and on Twenty-third. Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth avenues; average height above
city base. 125 feet: sanitation perfect; great-
er freedom from fogs than elae where; cli-
mate soft and mild; street work completely
finished, including cement sidewalks and ce-
ment curbing.
The property is skirted by the Twenty-thirl
avenue electric car line and Is intersected
by the electric car line running direct from
Eighth and Broadway, giving rapid transit
to the narrow gauge station at Eighth and
Webster its., and to the Twenty-third ave.
broad gauge staton, the latter belnsr within
easy walking distance of the property.
The costly business structures erected and In
process of building at the business center of
the district. Fourteenth st. and Twenty-third
ave.. and the rapidly developing manufac-
turing interests along the water front and
upper harbor basin are causing a strong re-
vival of interest and values In this section.
40-foot lots $375 and upward.
HOLCOMB, BREED * BANCROFT.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, INC.,
1060 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
{3200 — $4CO down," balance good terms, wilt
buy a modern house of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 37:6x115; convenient to cars and Key
Route; North Oakland.
$2000— 6- room cottage In West Oakland: mort-
ea£a of $1500 can remain; good lot.
231
$3S00 — 7-room modern bouse In best of loca-
tions: convenient to cars; 4 minutes' waik
to Key Route station; lot 50x115; half
down, balance ?3o per month.
142
$2700 — 9-room house in East Oakland: close
to trains; most conveniently arranged: if
you want a good home don't pa&a this.
$3000 — Foreclosure sale: 7-room cottage; rtjrht
in town: this place must be sold; make
offer.
$2730 — Elegant story and a half cottage of 6
room: all conveniences; in East Oakland;
convenient to cars: terms.
$2600 — New colonial house; 7 large rooms:
sunny eide: strictly modern; close to
schooU, cars and Key Route train; srr.all
navnwnt (Sown, balance monthly; lot i&x
106-
»0O4
$3250 — Beautiful little bungalow cottage of 5
rooms; close to Lake Merritt; close to
town: can arrange satisfactory terms.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. INC..
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK THESE UP.
For sale — Two flats In elegant location; fin-
income property; a genuine bargain: also lot
in Mountain Vie-w Cemetery. 122 square feet
ctr-ing: perpetual car*. Address box 1402. Call,
office. Oakland.
FOR sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent on Investment; on Telegraph ave.. oppo-
site Idora Park. Address box 1398. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
OAKX.A1TD X.ODGIITO-HOUSES.
LODGING hcusc for sale or exchange : sixteen
rooms. 0'flVi Washington St.. Oakland.
TO» MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelbaas.llth st.. cor. store. OakianJ
MILL VALLEY ADY'RT'S'M'TS
IHLL 7ALLIY SEAL 3SSTATS.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$40O to $SCO, 10 per cent cash, balance $10
monthly, fine lots. 30x125 and larger; graded
streets: pure mountain, water; grand red-
wood trees; charming views; right at the
station; 126 lots eold; send for illustrated
booklet.
LYON & HOAG, 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS 7OS HOT7SEXEEPI2TO-.
ALASKA. 27 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, or single.
BAKER, 2110— Furnished upper floor: 3 sunny
rooms; bath, zas range: adults; unfurnished
basement: 3 rooms; gas. bath; reasonable.
BRYANT. 421 — One large room for house-
keeping: gas.
EDDT. 739 — Well furnished rooms. 2. 3 or 4;
gas ranges, baths, yard. etc.
EDDY. 804 — Housekeeping rooms; first floor;
. front rocms; light and sunny. ,
FREE Hat furnished rooms, cottages* and flats.
BATHIANS RENTING CO., 235 Kearny st.
FRANKLIN. 151S — Sunny rooms with board;
home cooking; front hskpg suite; phone, bath.
GEARY. 1225— Furnished suite, complete for
housekeepins: private bath: bay window:
rent $20 per month. . •
HOWARD. 822— 2 suites housekeeping rooms;
also single.
JESSIE. 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms;
gas and eoal range; $13 month; others.
KEN1LWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Thrse-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. toe,
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1507, corner Geary — Elegant sunny
rooms; bath; phone; new; reasonable.
LARKIN, SlQVt — Large, sunny housekeeping
room; gas stove: private; $12 month.
LEAVENWORTH. 606. nr. Geary— Two pleas-
ant sunny housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER. 1211 — Front room, bay-window;
privilege light housekeeping; $12.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations
Phone Clay 906. or call 117 Sutter st.
OAK. 42, near Market — Furnished sunny double
parlors; kitchen privilege If devred; also
sin-lc rooms.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range: hot bath; adults.
OAK 407 — Newly furnished; $4 per month to
right party; quiet, clean and bath.
i 1 .. i- — . ,
PINE, 1900— Suite of tw 0 rooms, $23 50 per
month; adults; strictly first-class.
POLK. 60S — Parlor alcove suites: small kltch-
> en; sunny; bath, gas stove; phone; $13. $2(X >
PEBSOITAIiS — Continued.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MA&QUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. . GOLDSTEIN k CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
PKTSICIANS AND '
DR c C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 Vi Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
feats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at €07 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured fcy Chinese herb?. 740-8 Clay st.
PATEHT3.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
' torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 5C2 Market st.
SEAL ESTATEj-^^TJNTJBY— Por_Sal»,
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES. '..%\u25a0
$10 per acre— l»fH.t acres. Sonoma County;
mostly rolling. Tine alluvial soil: 43 acres
French prunes. 5 acres walnuts ana apples;
vineyard; well fenced and cross-fenced: cor-
rals; fine dwelling; ?ood barns; packing house.
drylne plant: 40 cattle. 6 horses. 'M hogs;
farm and sprin? wagons, harness, tools: bark
mill, cost $1500: took $7000 off place last sea-
son. :'-"_! .
Offer wanted— Vineyard, near St. Helena;
{ 321 acres; 110 in best wine grapes; vines 4 to
lu years old: 3-story stone winery, with tun-
nel, fully equipi>e«i with cooperage for 100.000
gallons and modern machinery; piped water
system from cement reservoirs; 8-room house;
summer cottage, barns, etc.; all land tillable;
wag-on horses tools. Including maturing crop
of 300 tens of grapes, worth $5000: $10,000
cash balance on easy terms.
$90CO — in Manteca alfalfa district; 60 acres
sandy loam on main irrigation canal: 55 acres
grand stand alfalfa produced 6 tons an acre:
5 acres fruit and grapes; brick residence. 7
rooms; new barn; windmill and tank; 1 mile
of cream* ry and railroad station.
$3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 6-room and bath cot-
tage: good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses: see this an! if you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at S10O p»r
acre; if you want to raise corn that will make
tht. Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$3500—17 acres In Green Valley, near Se-
bastopol, 4-room house, barn; spring water;
leveral acres berries; $1000 can remain.
Thirteen acres rich valley land neai; Sono-
ma City; 9 acres fine irrapes. 15 years old.
balance pears and assorted fruits; this sea-
son's crop easy *70O; no buildings; forced
sale: simply make an offer.
$1500— All level 10 acres. 2 miles of Calis-
toga: small orchard; good house and barn: 2'
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$100 per a,ere— Ore mil* of Modesto: 5 acres
up: l i cash.
$30 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up; *i cash.
$30 per acre— Near Lodi. on the Woodbrldge
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a larpe li.st of completely equipped
(Jairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.:
20 acres up.
$2500 — Fir.e Eumrner rescrt in Sonoma Co. ;
sta^e station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling lOCO-acre ranxe: S acres bearing
urcLard: hay land: good house and 4 cottage?,
all furnished: bath; dancing platform: horses:
farming implemt-nts: set this quirk.
$*50 — 3 miles of Geyserville; 2Vi acres; 6-
room house large barn. 2 koo<] wtlls; rolling,
all in vineyard; oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$1000 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; |0 acres
L'.ack loam: 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
Madhouse.
$'."300— Close to Calistoga. 90 acres; 43 level
productive loam soil: well fenced and cross-
'*nc«Mi; plenty fine water: fine prune orchard;
»;o<>d house, barn and outbuildings. We have
a '.arpe list of desirable homes in this locality.
Let us drive you around.
$2«5O— North of Watsonvllle; «55 acres, 8 acres.
full bearing apples; B In grain: fine berry patch;
40 acres timber; flowing stream: 9-room house;
large barn and granary; water piped to build-
ings. .We have, a choice selection of fruit and.
Brain - ranches at reasonable prices In this
vicinity See a few.
$5500— Rich alluvial valley land, near Buena
Vista station; 15 acres In full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modern 7-room house; n^w sta-
ble. ' windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm-
ing tools; horse; 750 chickens: 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry; only $2000 down.
$600 buys SO acres 1 mile of town; 13 creek
bottom: house barn; orchard, vines, berries.
$1500 — I acies rich Russian River bottom
land: half mile of Geyserville. Sonoma Co.:
'\u25a0 shade trees; house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 email orchards and vineyards
to oft**r in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgage*
a r e practically unknown.
$2500 — At Hopland; 42 acres; 7 bearing vine,
yard; 8 hay and garden land; 2 bearing or-
charo; windmill, tank, tools; HO laying .hens;
half cash.
$1700 — Only 9 miles of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town: 24 acres rolling land: 10 acres
b^arlnir- prunes and cherries; good 3-room cot-
tag*: stable, poultry houses: 3 summer houses
for summer boarders: running water; close to
school. See this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard In
fine condition; balance gently eloping fine hay
!and; fine creek; 25 maKnlScent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good (table: fine Income. We«
have a - choice list of small homes In Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around
and rJww thenr. ~>~— v.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$15.000 — 74 acres, about 30 Russian River
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard;
18-room house; gas In every room: 2 barns;
brick storehouse; cement reservoir; large win-
ery and distillery; half mile of town; would
sub-divlo>: fine investment.
$2950 — 2Vj acres in Petaluma; all bearing
fruit; new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
(5-foot basement: barr.. horses and busrgy; 9
poultry houses: brooder ami brooder houses,
windmill and tank; water piped over place;
tools: 6C0 chickens: photos here.
$2050—34 acres near Watsor.vil!e: 200 apnle*;
C acres fir.e potatoes; 2 aer*s timber; balance
gratn: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1600 — Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark Icam;
all level; orchard: cozy cottasr#. cement cellar;
barn, windmill and tank; 5 poultry houses; feed
room: 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property tn this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around.
$1200—10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl: sandy loam; 5-room house and barn
$2500— Nfar Santa Cruz. 60 acres rlr-h" al-
luvial soil: 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, barn.
$2000— Near Santa Crux. 12 acrts; 2 In fruit;
house. 5 rooms; barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
sified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
Properjy Exchanges a Specialty.
LYON & HOAG. -— — .
110 Montgomery st.. San Franei«co
Rich Irrigable Sacramento Valley lands. The
famous Moulton ranch. 1S.000 acres, adapted
to fruit both citrus and deciduous alfalfa,
susar beets, garden truck, etc. ; In' slie3 to
suit; from $35 to $75 an acre; elegant acreage
within 50 miles of San Francisco; profitable
orchards in the heart of the Watsnnville apple
helt; cattlo ranches, small er large; beauti-
ful suburban homes: attractive prepositional
at reasonable Drlces.
NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS.
Large and small farms In all parts of the
State, miitabte for fruit, alfalfa and all kinds
of grain and vegetables. First-class irrigable '
lands, suitable- for colonies. Large and selected
tracts of redwocd and sugar pine timber. Also
excellent dairy and stock ranges. Titles, U. 5.
Patent. Parties desiring to buy or sell are
invited to call on or address PACIFIC STATES
LAND CO.. 507 Montgomery st., S. F.
FOR sale — 160 acres; good for wheat, barley,
alfalfa, etc.; good 2-story house. 8 rooms,
largo cellar, good barn for 10 horses. 2 wells,
windmill; fruit trees, apricots, walnuts, figs;
sales one year amounted to over $2100; price
$55 per acre; alio rosewood piano, inlaid
with shells above keys; 12 solid mahogany
chairs " 125 years old, and many other odd
old- Dleces; owner's age prevents working
the fanr. Address JOHN VAN* BUREN SR..
Dlxon. Cal. -
FOR sale — 20 acres set to apples, 1 to 4 years
old; 6 acres raspberries between trees; new
land; one mile from - electric road, 3 miles
from town. Particulars box 214, Sebaatopol,
Sonoma Co., Cal. . •
$3200— 10- ACRE prune orchard; house with
6 rooms; barn, windmill, tank: Improvements
worth $1000. Inquire of L. F. B. FORE-
WORTHY. Union ave., Campbell. Cal.
20 ACRES; 6-room house; barn, windmill: 1m-
plements; near creamery and school; Irriga-
tion ditch through place. E. LEONARD,
Lathroo Cal. __^
ALL or any part of 43 acres Al cultivated val-
ley loam, no adobe, no waste, nearly adjoin-
ing Napa, at $50 per acre; cash or- terms;
can't be equaled for $100. SICKELS. 6 Geary
FOR sale — Modern house; 8 large rooms; ce-
ment basement and furnace, etc O. A.
LANE, 515 Mills building.
bea^ jBSTAjrE— ct^— roasAij.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesrooms
Tuesday, September 27. 1004. at 12 o'clock
noon. \u25a0,
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
• 2904 Jackson st_. north line. bet. BrodericK
and Baker; desirable two-story residence; 10
rooms a&d bath: lot 26:6x100; subject to
confirmation by Superior Court. -I
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
631-C-5-7 Washington st.. south line, near
• Kearny, and adjoining the Hall of Justice:
improvements consist of a good 4-story
brick building, containing 3 stores and
lodtring-house of 21 rooms; Rented low at
$145 per month. (
CHOICE VALLEJO-ST RESIDENCE.
1711 Vallejo St., north line, near Franklin;
elegant residence ef 10 rooms and bath:
large grounds and garden; commands good
marine view: lot 4S:6xl37:6-
CHOICE PINE-ST. HOLDINGS.
2715-17 Pine st., -outh line, bet. Devlsadero
and Broderick; 2 well-built fiats of 6 and 5>
rooms and bath each, with driveway and
stable in rear; rents $60 per month: lot
25x137:6.
(2) \u25a0" ;.
2711 Pine st. ; 2-story and basement dwell-
ing- of S rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1210 Fulton St., north line, bet. Scott and
Devisadero; good 2-atory dwelling of 0
rooms and bath; rent $45 per mo.: lot 25x
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
17-ia Hampton place, off south line of
Folsom st., bet. Second and Third — Two
2-story dwellings of S rooms and bath each;
rents fiS per mo.; 1st 41x55.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Haight 6t., south line. I bet. Clayton and
Belvedere; lot 25xlC0.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
402-2^ Grove St.. north line. bet. Gough
and Octavla sts.: 2 flats; 5 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $47 50 per mo.; lot 27:6x
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOTS.
Jackson st., south line, bet. Cherry and
First ave.; building lot. 27x128:4.
(2)
Washington st.. north line. bet. Cherry
and First ave.: building lot. 27x128:4.
SEVENTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
309 Seventh St., bet. Folsom and Harri-
son; improvements consist of 3 tenements
of 4 and 5 rooms eacti; rents $38 per mo.;
lot 25x75. A splendid holding, which is
bound to enhance in value.
MORRIS AVE. FLATS.
(1)
108-8% Morris ave.. off Bryant st.. bet.
Bth and «5th sts. ; 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents $23 per mo.; lot 20x75.
(2)
. 110-110J4 Morris ave.; 2 flats. 3 and 4
rooms each ; rent $25 per mo. : lot 20x75.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT. -
671 Minna street, south line. bet. 7th and
8th sts.; cottage of 4 rooms, rented nom-
inally for $13 per mo.; lot 20x69.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
North Point St.. north line, bet. Jones
and Leavenworth: lot 30x137:6.
Frr Catalogue and Further Particulars
Apply tc
G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard ta.ble: on street
Brade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mibsion-st. electric cars: secure one as an
investment and by the time It is paid 'or It
. will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now before vrices become prohibitive In thi*
rapiJly growing section.
W. J. WHITE. '\u25a0. '
26 Mnnte"mery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
$1150 — COR. Silver »v>. and Congdon; cottage
4 rooms; muft be ?old Foon.
$1600— Cottas*. 4 rooms; 220 28th st.: will
loan $1200 on this place. D. COFFIN &
CO.. 252S Mission st.. near 21et.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
WESTERN Addition home, 19l» Ellis st. ; mod-
ern. 9 r., bath: lot 25xir!7:6; open for Inspec-
tion to-day; ran be changed Into flats at
slight cost. - -
$4100 — TWO sunny flats. 11 rooms: cottage of
4 rooms in rear; all in " first class order.
210 Valley st. ' :, •> .".;; '
ONE large block: will be very valuable In near
future for building lots. M. SALOMON. Sli»
Market at.
A $20CO HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$10,230 — Three new. modern 6-room fiats; all
latest improvements: rents $120<> per annum.
Apply J. H. KRUSE. 2."$d and Shotwell sts.
A FINE building site; near Twenty-flfth-st.
station, on Valencia st. ; ' make offer. Box
1U40, Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH" & MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
j^W «L\^EO^BEAXJB^A/rE.
OAKS .'. OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS GOING FAST OAKS
OAKS $45.UOO OAKS
OAKS worth of lots OAKS
OAKS sold the OAKS
OAKS first OAKS
OAKS week OAKS
OAKS in the OAKS
OAK3 HAYWARD TRACT OAKS
OAKS AT SAN MATEO OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS CHOICE LOTS OAKS
OAK3 with majestic oaks OAKS
OAKS still for sale. OAKS
OAKS See this property OAKS
OAKS at unee. OAKS
OAKS Prices. $9f»> to $1500. OAKS
OAKS TERMS. OAKS
OAKS Lots 50x121 feet each. OAKS
OAKS Prices are very likely OAKS
OAKS to be raised soon. OAKS
OAKS BALDWIN & HOV/ELU OAKS
OAKS :>7: 25 Post st. OAKS
OAKS FranK S. Grummon. OAKS
OAKS Agent at San Mai»o- OAlv.-*
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
sts. • outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50-foot lots from $10O up;
term*, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month: *ewer and water pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the lots in subdivision No. I were sold
In two iveeks: an exceptional opportunity
to s«:ur« a lot in this desirable section en
easy terms: take the electric rars and set
off at LOMITA TARK: maps sent en appli-
cation. - \u25a0\u25a0'-_\u25a0 ~1~:-
SELBT, RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
caicgsy ranches.
"T "ideal chicken ranch.
Orchard Vltw Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing flr.e orchard on gentle slope:
size to suit; easy terms; plenty water: fine
frulf call for details: go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg. -
SEAL ESTATE TO S3CCHA TgQS.
TO EXCHANGE.
For unlncumbered country real estate north
of Bsn Francisco, equity of $3530 in Berke-
ley residence; lot 43x133: house of 8 rooms,
1 gas lighted: separate servant's room and
toilet: porcelain bath; large storeroom; new.
]y painted, papered and tinted throughout;
gooo ctabU and chicken house; outbuildings
and f«nces newly painted; value $6000;
mortgage $2450 can stand; Berkeley values
increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion: school in same block; six blocks from
entrance to university grounds; convenient
to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and in first-class condition: atone side-
walk; owner leaving. Address for next ten
. days only. Owner, box 1859. Call office.
' FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
\u25a0 160-ACRE fruit ranch at Portervtlte, In full
bearing; mostly prunes, some peaches. 16 acres
alfalfa, splendid buildings, all necessary fruit
houses, drier and trays, in fact fully equipped
for handling the crop: price $30,000; will sell
on easy terms or exchange for good property
in San Francisco or Oakland; good reasons for
"* " g ' J. H. EDSON, Sole Agent.
14 and 15 Bacon block.
Oakland, Cal.
GOOD paying boarding house. • saloon and cash
money for cheap lot ann cottage. Call or ad-
dress atth^Ur£ver2aIHotel ; C5Stanfordst ; .
\u25a0rt!at. ESTATE WAITTSP.
W \NTED— Vacant lot or house and lot with
lease for term ot years, for plant nursery.
Call or address F. A. MILLER. 215 Hayes.
CHEAP lot In Mission district; stating loca-
tion and price. Builder, box 1854, Call.
_____jaSTaSXiJLTlO2l WA.NTEB.
WH , H1 t^ is U JChn Galie- Trho~w"orkeY wIuTme
?. tJ f* Pr « s<J Kanch. near Lakeville. en
Petaluma River, winter and spring of 1S59?
L VE% Ule pIaias wlth » e in 1&3S, and
r« -^ !te 1. * Seo »'e-" He wculd know me
t£ «,*£'• T " S " KEX DERDINE. Xewtown.
Bu.-ks County. Pa.
Zips? act roxrao.
LOS^~ A passbook with the HTbernia Savings
anj Loan Society of San Francisco in the
t?f?^l CHRISTINE F. HAAKE or ALICE
HAAKE CHASE. No. 274-783. The finder
will pleagg return to bank.
LOST — * purse ct.titainlr.3 a gold witch chain
tn<l sorr.e small English coin?; reward of
v-D for Its return to porter of S. K. Press
flub. 123 Ellis st.
*" cfrT — AI! «f our competitors; reduction In
rrices and quality of -«tcck did It. SIIIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 3U Sutter rt.. phone Grant
*>»: 1204 Butter st.. phone East 817.
LOST — Young fox terrier; had on red collar and
__ni* -kel band; liberal reward. 442 Fulton st.
LOST— Llsht brown spaniel.- weighing 10 lbs.;
iKense No. a?0a. >;..> Minna st. ; reward.
roanrcHEs fob hike.
C. A. McNKILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business; teL Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelii Launch Co,. Union-st. Wharf; boat-
ing & exenrsiens. 5 Steuart st.;tel.John 26SC
IIATTRESSES .Mrp C.Z.OWS.
TO crtT: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-84 Howard sC : phene South 216.
KEDICAI, ;
LADIES deztricg sa/e. sure and quick relief
frrm Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless anj reliable; no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience ia all fe-
male disorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — It yoa are tn trouble, confide In me.
Relief for lrrerula ritles. Help for the nn-
fcrtunate. My time' is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years, DR. R.
H. WESTOX. office 306 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, new
visitlrg the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated ;
advice free. Office 101S Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never fails; a protec-
tion withoot internal medicine; price $2 per
box. FROST'S Chemical Agency. 1104 Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
DR- and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HKRBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWTER, 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell-
LADIES^ — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Raggles Drug Co.. Keemy & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2C95 Folscra St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief cr no fee: ?10.
MISCEIiIAKEOTJS— — *]g SAI.E.
WALLPAPEK.
a»4c — Per roll — 3ljc.
7^»c. goM "mbossorl; was 33c.
Everyday household paint. $1 a gallon.
These goods are first-class, up to ilite.
Samples mailed; write us.
House palstirj. paper hanging, whitening
sxd tinting. MERIGAN.
Nsw store. 1424 Ellis st. and 1:5C2 Webster
St.; phene Jackson 1321.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., .bought, sold,
rent*Hl and •fXchacs^d; see Sunday paperi.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 BeaU. st.
BOILERS. •er.Rinea. 21-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMA.V. 1^5-1»7 Fremont st.
FOR sale — Se»' and secetrd-har.d billiard *and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with -privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mlaeicn st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it -with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay:
need* no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; b*5t for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
LADY going East will sell at sacrifice three
Uiilor-mad" suits; dark red. navy blue an,l
tan. sizes ~*i and 3%; also light tan jacket.
Box 1738. Call office.
SAFES and DESKS — A« we are going to move
to New Montfrorcery st.. and to avoid moving
stork, will s«ll at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
LADY goir* East will sell at sacrifice three
tailor-made dark red, blue and tan: «txe<t
3'J and US; also light tan Jacket. Box 1738.
Call office.
10O TONS steam and blacksmiths' coal. $2 50
per long ton cash; ex-yarJ corner Howard
and Spear sts.; call at once; one-ton lots or
over.
A — BUYS, cells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
SECONDHAND -wharf plank. 4x12; pine. LE
ROY BP.UNDAGE, 2021 Seventeenth et.:
jhone Folsom 2328. *
FOR eale — H*O4 gasoline runabout; double ezi-
*rln«?; $»•«; cost $1350; gocd condition. Bex
172S. Call office.
CHKAP; acetylene can plant of 20-burner ca-
pacity, with pipes, burners an>l zlob*3 com-
plete. J. E. Lewis. Kentfield. Merin Co.. Cal.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on pmall weekly or
monthly payments*. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room J2. ui>«tairs.
THREE pups. " weeks eld. and cne full brok»
bitch: hlJth hre<1 Irteh **tt*r« for sale. 227
Nineteenth ave.. Richmond dlatrict. • '« - f
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors.
" moved from- Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-fomi shecs at $2 50; we pay espreES
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog fre*.
ANGORA cats: -fine stock: seal brown ami
white: rne blue-eyed torn ten weeka old. 64
Ch'-nery «t., Inrleg!<ie car.
FOR Sale — Bicycle fcr gent and b-iy: in good
condition: cheap- J- PHICE. 318 Mason s£-
FOR tale— Genuine water cpaciel: young dogs.
CHAS. COLEMAN. 426 Natoma gt.. top floor.
FIVE tide'.ity contracts; 27 weeks paid; cheap.
Box 1SW. Call office.
GOOD tone square grand piano, $50. 1223
FUbtrt st.
ELOT machine*, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE <;:arr.or.d sunburst: 7 large stones; a
bargain ; $35'). 10 Sixth st.
ROO1IS pajxred; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
2D-HAND fcM?. material; lumber, door, sash,
; lurr.b. material. The Dolan Co.. 1CC7 Mrkt.
DESKS housht. "old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807'ltlssion Et. : tel. Pcuth 811.
PEAUTFFUL 1-tarat diamond ring, *S0; worth
$100. GAIUN. 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Flrrt-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market st.
SAFES and canh registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
MOVING picture*, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery Bt. 1
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK.* 40 Fremont £t:
MISCXI.l^A2CT-~— ~ VTa-TrS.
BIG prices paid for eld gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIX BROS.. 25
Stocktcn st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A- CO., roosa 405. Adams
bldg., 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3030.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gents' castoff cloth-
lr.g.,etc. TeL Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st.
A ma ariee for ladies' and gents' castoff
ciuthlng. '.122 Fclsom St.; teL Folsom 3322.
WANTED — hi HP. motor, vise, drill press and
tools for small shop. 613 Mlsaicn sC
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and ahoes, T«l. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th St.; tel. Jessie 2S5L <
EOO3IS TOR HOUSHKEEPWO — Con.
POST. lft"7 — Newly furnished rooma $S up;
also housekeepins room, $10; gas. bath, phone.
SACRAMENTO. SftlO— Elegant parlor suite and
kitchen: new carpets: will furnish if wanted;
also single room, bath and phone: cheap.
SANCHEZ. SCO, cor. ISth— Ray-wtndow siltins
room, alcove beilroom. kitchen: reasonable.
VAN NESS ava., 7Gti — Two larg*. sunny, con-
nect ir.s; rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping. $2l>; one very large room, house-
keeping. $H.
VAN NESS ave.. 1103. cor. G?ary. phone Hyd«
1S4^ — 2 beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations : reasonable
APABTMEITT HOT/SES^
HAYES, 113 — Modern apartments; gas range.
runnini; water and ohone.
ST. LOUIS. 1573 Jackaon^ — Marine view; 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1330.
BOOMS TO LIT-?Brn. aad TJnfnxn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week mJ
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S7.1 Market st. (or Nol t
Fifth st.) — Rcoms>. 25c. 50c $L $1 3*> nigat:
$1 Co to $10 week: house open all nigat.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug :tore. 2 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk — E'.ectria
lights; running, water in every room; 20O
rooms; 23c to 50c per night; $1'25 to V> week.
BRYANT, 2517 — Large, sunny, furnished front
room.
FOLsfOM, C43 — Front and back parlor; Tar-
nished suitably for two or three.
FURNISHED rocms to letj all locations.
Phone Clay 096 or call 117 Sutter st.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 23 night: II 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished, sunny, front
suite; also single rooms; $2 to $S week.
HAYES. 136, cor. Van Ness — Sunny bedroom:
suitable for cent; $6.
HOWARD. 715— Lars;-; sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $5 week.
MARKET. 1010 tThe Falmouth) — Sunny
rjorr.s; hot. cold water, elevator.
MASON. 514. near Sutter — Furnished sunny
rooms; suite or single; modern: reasonable.
METROPOUT* N Hotel. 123 Third st. — 4CO
single and fan ily rocms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $* per week; the only new and med-
errt hofel and rooming house tn San Fran-
cisco that Hat hot anj cold water, electric
lights, ta'.l bells, steam heat in every room
ant! gives free baths and elevator service day
nnd night to its guests.
PAGE, 177»>— 2 unfurnished rooms and bath.
PINE. 173.';. block from Van Ness*— 1 or S
fine r<x>ms; bath, phone, etc: reasonable.
POST, S.S3 — Large furnished room; running
water; for 1 or 2 g»nts; references.
SACRAMENTO. 1>>O5 — 2 or 3 unfurnished,
front rooms; running water: gas; bath.
SHRACEK. 10SS — Nicely furnished room to
let. two blocks from parVc.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicety furnished front
rocms; also girgie rooms: $2 to $6 week.
SITTER, VJH — Newly furnished, sunny, front
alcove, bay-window rooms; grate; hot water;
also single rooms.
TAYLOR. 710, near Sutter— A fir.e suite or
one single room; bath: •er.tlemen preferred;
reasonable.
THE Larchmont. 381 Sutter — New brick bl-g..
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam beat,
privilege to baths; $3 to $4 week.
TURK. 300^ — Large sunny bay-window room,
suitable for two.
TWO unfurnished rooms: close in; state pric*.
Box 1337. Call office.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — «X»
rocms. 33c to $1 night. $1 73 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (co gasj, running water in 'every
room; elevator, read.-rcom; free bus: baggage.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room: private
family
WINCHESTER Hotol. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading- room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choio*
furnished room* from 13c per nigat up.
AIJVERTTSKMKNTS. subscriptions recelv-U at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements an>l subscriptions has been
crened at 1008 Market St.. ocnosite Firth.
Open until II p. m.
ROOMS A2TD BOASB.
EXCELLENT BOARD.
HANDSOME ROOMS. SINGLE OR EN ST'ITE.
MODERATE RATES. FREE BATHS.
NEWPORT. 1U1S PINE ST.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 10S1. nr. Jefferson Park
— Furnished front rooms; bath; pri. house;
good board. $24; two. $M. per month.
THE COMORA. 621 O'Farrell— Large front,
with bath, and sunny 6outh room; superior
table.
ELLIS. 433 — Fine furnished rooms, with ex-
cellent table beard: price* reasonable.
EDDT. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine f-jra.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$<S wk.: American family.
ROCMS with board; all locations. Phon* day
99*,
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Churca annex.
«07 California — 8ee rooms, learn prices, try tab:*
BOOSES A5S HOARD WASTES.
LADY wants housekeeping room, alcove pre-
ferred : must be clean, sunny and reason-
able. Address Permanent, box 1754. Call.
WANTED — By mechanic, board fcr boy U
year?: In private family and room for
father; state terms: central. Box 1957. Call.
WASTED— Room and board by gentleman tn
private family affording pleasant home so-
ciety. Particulars, please. b«ve 1030. Cali
WANTED— Furnished room and board part
payment for piano lessons. Box 1733. Call.
KOOM-aESTTSO aOISOT.
HAVE ytvj any rooms to let? If you hv»# and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 80«.
cr call at 117 Sutter at.
PIVIDEITD gOTlCES.
DIVIDEND NOTICT5 — Th* Claremont Oil Co .
on October 1. 1004. will pay a 'dividend.
No. 4, amounting to $430". equal to one <lc»
cent per share on Its Issued capital stock,
payable at the office of the company. 731
Mills building, this city. Transfar book*
close MONDAY. September 2". 18»">4. at noon.
GEORGE J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of three
dollars per share will 6e payable at th» of-
fice of the corporation. 464 California tt. Saa
Francisco, October 1. 1904. Transfer hoc is
will close September 23. 190*.
i JOHN' D. McKEE. gecr»tary-
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — OfSc*
Depot Quartermaster. 'M New Montgomery
St.. Sin Francisco. Cal.. September S. 1304.
Sealed proposals, tn triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 1O o'clock a. in.. Sestember 28.
10O4. Paclnc standard time, aad taen opened.
for furnishing and delivering a: the Saa
Francisco Depot. California, stationery,
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint, oil. etc. The United Statss
' reserves th» rignt to accept or reject any
or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will b« tur-
nlshed on application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked. "Proposals for
Quartermaster Supplies No. 6870." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
master. V. 8. A., Depot Quartermajter.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. September 24. 1904 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. nv. October
24 1904. and then opened for constructing
additions to Captains Quarters at Infantry
Cantonment. Presidio of San Francisco. Cat.
Including plumbing. Government reserves
the right to reject or accept any or all bids
in whole or In part. Information furnished
en application to WM. S. PATTEN, Assist-
ant Qttartermaster General, Chief Quarter-
niaster.
SEALED proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived et Alc-atraz Island, Cal.. until 2 p. .
in., October 21. 19O4. for the purchase of
condemned ordnance and ordnance stores.
Catalogue* givisg quantities, condition, etc..
can be had on application to Lieutenant A.
C Knowles. Thirteenth Infantry.
Continued on Pace Tea*Bernard or Barney Flelsher, Rose Bush
(wife of Samuel T.) and Miriam
Levy to Esther Fleisher, lot on SE line of
Twenty-seventh and Castro streets, s 228 by
E US; also lot on NE line of Rltch "street, 225
SE of Folsom. SE 50 by NE 80: also lot on
SW line of Third street, 225 SE of Folsom. SE
25 by SW SO; also lot on SW line of Third
street. 250 SE of Folflom. SE 25 by SW 80;
also lot on S line of Bush street. 137:6 E of
Mason. E 23 by S 137:6; also lot on 8 line of
Bush street, 160:6 E of Mason. E 22:6 by S
137:0; also lot on N line of Clay street; 131 :3
B of Lyon. E 75 by N 127:8>4: also lot on S
line of Geary street. 137:6 E of Buchanan. £
Janes J. and Catherine T. Donovan to Louis
Zwifssiff, lot on E line of Alabama street. 140
S of Twenty-sixth,' S 40 by E 100; $10.
Same and Peter J. and Mary. C. Curtis to
same, lot on E line of Alabama street. ISO S
of Twe.uy-elxth, S 75 by E 100; $10.
\u25a0 Francis M. Thompson to John and Annie
Kelly, lot on E line of Alabama street 78 N
of Tw«nty-flfth. N 26 by E 75; $10.
John T. Thompson (trustee), same to same
tame; $10.
Thornton Thompson et al. to Francis M.
Thompson, lot on E line of Alabama street 78
N of Twenty-flfth. N 26. E 75, S 104 \v' "5
N 78, W 50. quitclaim deed; $10
Morgan Richards to May Stein, lot on S
line of Seventeenth street, 65:6 XV of Church
XV 44:6 by S 100; $10. '
William A. and Grace G. Lange to National
Land Company. lot on W line of Willard
street, 16<i S of Frederick, S 64 by W 100- $10
Olga A. Landcrebe (wife of Robert G.) to
Celia Marks, lot on S line of Clay street 137 • a
E of Maple. E 25 by S 127:8-4; $10
John and Luna Stierlen to August H Radke
lot on W line of Clayton street, 125 S of Carl'
S 25 by W 125; $10. -.-•':\u25a0 '
Josevh Brandensteltuet al, to Maxwell Levy
N l m biV^io'^ 11 ' 10 "* Plerce 8treets -
City and County of San Francisco to Albert.
William T. and Mary L. Knorp, let on S line
of Ellis street. 275 W of Franklin. W 73 by S
120; $ . ' :-" »
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 24.
HELM, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank P. and Bridget McCarty (owners) with
Maser Bros, (contractors). architect— All
work except sras fixtures, shades, mantels and
palntlnsr for alterations and additions to make
a two-story frame building at 3211 Fillmore
street: T*"Hi*l ' r*li»|jij|ji jmJiHW»y
Esther R. Sarannah (owner) with Kern Bros,
(contractors), architect C. A. Meussdorfter — All
work for removal and alterations, . etc., to a
one-story frame building and erection of a
three-story frame building on N line, of Fell
street, 55 W of Buchanan. W 27:6 by N 120;
$0C52.
Ellen Ward (owner) with C. A. Henshaw
(contractor). architect— Alterations and
additions to a one-story frame cottage on N
lln*> of Twenty-second street, — W of Harrison;
$647. •
41:3 by S 137:6; also lot on NW cor. of Thirty
third avenue and J street, W 50 by N 100;
also lot on N line of Thirty-third avenue. 125
W of J street, W 25 by N 100; also lot on S
line of Pine street 55 E of Octavla, ,E 55 by S
120; also lot on E line of Berlin street, 49:8 S
of Wilde, N 40:8. E 120, S 50.' E 120, S 87:'i.
W 225 :C, block 37, Paul Tract: also lot on W
line of Berlin street 28 S of Wilde. N 28, W
7ti:9. E 81:9, lot 1, block 3C, same; also lot
on W line of Landers street, 110 S of Four
teenth, S CO, W 125. N 3:VA. NE 32:10%, N
25, E 100; also lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 97 E of Shotwell, E 24 by S 100; also
lot on W line of Lacuna street. 87:6 N of
Geary. N 50 by W 137:0. and all interest in
estate of Wolf Flelsher; $10.
William J. and Sarah A. Bryan to Walter
L. Hclse. lot on NE corner of Union and Hyde
streets, E 45 by N 67:6; $10.
Thomas W.. Katherlne A., Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Herman and Katherine
Rcdlne-Carosen. lot en S line of Nineteenth
street. 25 E of Utah, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Ferdinand Reis to Sara V. de or Sarah A.
Wilson, lot on W line of Forty-third avenue,
22S:4 N of C street, S 108:4. W 27:1, NE
108:4, quitclaim deed; $- — .
Sara V. de Wilson or Sara V. Wilson or Sa
rah A. Wilson to Santiago Arrlllaga, lot on W
lino of Forty- third avenue, 120 N of C street.
N 56 by W 120; $1. .
Bay District Land Company to Fernando
Nelson, lot on E line of Third avenue, 175 N
of C street. N 425 by E 120; $10.
Wendell and Carrie Easton to Ernest R.LlIlen
thal, lot on SW corner of TwentyLsecond 'ave
nue and H street. W 240 by S 600; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Blanche Braun
ton. lot on E line of Forty-6lxth avenue, 225
N of M street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Julius C. R«ls to Margaret E. Best, lot 33,
block 3, Reis Tract: grant.
Same to J. Eric Johanson, lot 39, block 23,
Reis Tract; grant.
Emma Clarke (wlfei'of Carleton J.) to Neal
McCoraghy, lot commencing at dividing line
ot Precita Valley lots 02 and 03, distant 150
N of Precita avenue. NE 55:0%. NW 25. NE
27:7-M<. W to SW corner of lot of Gander. N
115. SW 137:2. SE 104. Precita Valley 80 and
02; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
GLASGOW — Sailed Sept 24 — Stmr Syrian.
for Montreal, and passed Inlstrahull Sept 25.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Brem
en from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
DOVER — Sailed Sept 25 — Stmr Graf Walder
see. from Hamburg for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr As
toria, from Glasgow and Movllle.
* . j.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Glasgow, and pro
ceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr
Germanic, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrive 1 E^pt 2i~£tTKZ^GaZ
dric, from New "J \u25a0-\u25a0 k, x'.e. Qucenatown; stmr
Etrurla, from New York, via Queenstown; stmr
Parisian, from Montreal, via Movllle.
OCEA.V STEAMERS,
IiATE SHIPPIA'O INTELLIGftiffCfcV
The R. G. Company paid to B. F. Goodeon,
Burke'e Sanitarium. Sonoma County. $3750 for
one-half ticket. No. 5070, drawing August 25,
1D04; to George Peters t _3S6a JTwenty-f rtli.
San Francisco. Cal.TTor" client. $i250 for <\u25a0•'*««*
half ticket No. 6937 ,_. drawing. Aug-uit 2.V190K
to City and County il&nk. San Fmn".it>cu,'Cal. j
for client. $1250 for whole ticket. No. 724SM
drawing August 25, 1904; to Arthur B. Kupcr.j
56 Angelica street. San Francisco, i :»'.," $3760
<or one-half ticket N»>. 12043. drawing August]
13, 1904; to Mrs.' Airnes Kobinaon, 526 Six-'
teenth St., Oakland. Cal., $1000 for ine-balf
ticket No. 70439, ilrswlrj:. Sug-itA- 13, iae4. v •
TO THE PUBLIC!! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS!! All genuine tlckets\ of this
company have initials "R. G. Co." on faces
and monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Beneflcencla Publica Co., Thursday,
September 22, ll>04: No. 0017 wins $7500, eold
in San Francisco; No. 38207 wins $2500. aold
In San Diego; No. 40029 wins $1250. sold in
San Francisco; Nos. 63848, 50348. 4«912. 52333.
71451. each win $125. sold in Richmond, Sac
ramento, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Sac
ramento.
OF SAN FRANCISCO— ORGANIZED MAY,
1000.
The Beiieflcencia R. G. Company
NAPA, Sept. 25. — The remains of
Amos E. Barbour, who died suddenly
while marching in the parade of the
Odd Fellows in San Francisco last
Friday, were brought to Napa this
morning" for interment. Members of
Golden State Lodge No. 216, Inde
pendent Order Odd Fellows, and So
lano Lodge No. 229 of Masons of Val
lejo, in uniform acted as an escort.
Bnrbour Buried at Xapa.
The woman has been keeping house
for the two brothers in the Pine Ridge
country, and both the men sought her
hand. The disappointed brother now
claims that the woman robbed him.
He says she went to Oakland last
week and sold his personal effects and
failed to make him any return.
FRESNO, Sept 25. — P. J. Theland
er Is looking for his brother Alfred
and the woman he is supposed to have
married. "When she secured the li
cense to -wed Alfred Theland«r, she
gave her name as Miss Annie Bulllng
ton. P. J. Thelander says she had
confessed to him many times that her
name was Harris, and that she was
married at the time.
Fresno Man Looking for .Woman
Whoso Hand Was Won by
His Brother.
WOOS AND LOSES, BUT
STILL WANTS CHARMER
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 25.— On and af
ter November 1 It will cost the citrus
growers of Southern California $1 In
stead of $1 25 per hundred pounds to
ship their lemons to points east of the
Missouri River. This reduction, one of
the most important transportation
concessions in the history of the mar
keting of the citrus products of this
end of the State, was decided upon at
Chicago to-day in the annual meeting
of the Transcontinental Freight Asso
ciation. A committee of the directors
of the Southern California Fruit Ex
change presented to the Southern Pa
cific and the Santa Fe and through
them to their connecting lines, the ne-'
cesslty for a reduced transcontinental
tariff to relieve the crippled condition
of the lemon industry, a condition
brought about by a combination of
circumstances that had conspired to
cut the growers' profits to nothing.
By the final success of the Southern
California Fruit Exchange in securing
a freight reduction of 25 cents per
hundred pounds the lemon Industry of
Southern California is rreed of a spo
liation at the hands of the railroads
of nearly $180,000 a y$ar, taking the
lemon shipments of the last year as a
fair average output.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Action of Transcontinental
Association Means Saving
of Large Sum to Ranchers
PRODUCERS ARE HAPPY
Shippers of Lemons Given
Reduction in Freight Rate
by the Railroad Companies
City of Mexico, Sept. 22, 1904.
No. . Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
85 ' 20 92 20 158..... 2O
259 20 41G 40 490 100
730 755 20 768 20
785 40 1056 20 10S8 40
. 1177 20 1444 40 1483..... 40
1MT 100 1574..,.. 20 1580 40
15tW 40 1623 40 1663 40
1720 20 1751 20 2181 20
£iOO 40 2484 40 25O4 20
'-508 20 2729 20 2844..,.. 20
2903..,.. 20 303S 20 3163 40
3200 100 3527 20 3564 . 40
200 3832 40 3846 40
3881 40 4012 20 4112 20
.4318 20 4426 20 4435 100
4489 40 4670 20 4759 20
4831 40 4*«4 2l> 41KKJ 2O
4060 40-1900 ' 20|6126 JiO
6401 5455 40 utioO 2O
6862 200 6247...*. 20 6274 200
62*8 100 6301 40 6338 20
6435: 20 6444 100 6503 100
66«0 200 6705 40 7098 200
710tt 20 7135 200 7220 40
"247 20 7258 20 7321 20
7427..... 20 7460 40 7668..... 100
'«'< 20 7967 40 7384 100
SCOo 100 S051 40 8125 20
8221 20 8249 20 8365 20
*501 20| 8521 20 8553 20
§624 • 20 S771 20 8960 20
S 9 f5 20 »017 60000 0042 100
0151 100 9223 20 9243 20
»280 40 9288 20 9433 20
«"25 20 9782 20 9S58 20
1W>27 40 10063 100 10178 20
30541 100 10491 20 10727 40
30778 40 10826 600 10831...... 40
J0837 40 10894 40 11180.. ... 20
H-J59 20 11599 20 11673 20
31741 40 11803 40 11S51 20
12048..... 20 12245 40 12324..'... 40
1: *436 ,20 12515 20 12590 40
J2692 20 13040 100 13063 100
-13065 20 13209 40 13277 20
3?344 20 13390 20 13605 20
13C18 - 40 13636 100 13709 20
33809 40 13S43 20 13849 20
J3095 40 14033 600 14048 40
1*135 2014228 10014470 40
Jt!?f 200 14634 100 14705 100
3^811 20 14881 40 14970 40
140S3 20 15032 40 15065 20
J50f»l 20 15139 100 15372 20
IS-Ji 6 20 15419 20 15714 20
15765 40 15770 100 15892 20
15987 20 15993 100 16233 20
J627]) 20 16304 20 16315 100
JS*I"--- 40 16425 40 16441 20
1^58 20 16475 40 16482 40
20 16606 100 16741 40
ICO 16935 40 16953 200
1^ 20 16999 40 17144 100
li206 20 17253 20 17313 20
{i 3 ' 3 4017C27 20 17542 '20
li" 6 * 5 40 17578 20 17658 40
i'667 40 17803 20 17836 20
JJ054 20 18415 600 18419 20
38453 40 18534 20 18571 40
ift»60 20 18702 20 18709 20
18852 10019079 40 19146 20
19188 20 10230....; 40 19318 20
J0f2° 20 19435 20 19719 20
l»''l 40 10813 100120007 20
2°lS0 2020303 .4020423 20
2137s! ".".\u25a0' 40121448 2O 21519 20
21613 20121709 20 21746 40
21825 4022164 20 22351 20
22366 4022415 2022507... 100
227K5 20 22877 100 22893... „ 40
23119 20 23206 100 23216 20
23278 200 23301 600 23430 20
23.161 4023595 20 23700 40
23704 20 23777 20 23791 20
23812 20|24021 200 24289 20
24476 20 24485 20 24527 20
21620 20 24630 20 24723 20
24filO 100 24985 40 25027 20
25239 20 25292 20|25306 40
25365 20 25429 50O|254.83 20
25487 20 25544 20 25581..... 20
2r.fiO6 40 25622 20 25773 20
25868 20 25883 200 25944 40
26349 100 26378 100 28400 20
26438 20 2C607 20 26653 20
26895 2026939 40 26944 20
26H83 100(27247 20 27413 "20
27470 40 27484 100 27400 40
27497 20 27509 20 27529 40
27810 40 27953... 40 28209 40
28282 10028358 40 28388 20
28479 40 28705 40 28775 600
28810 20 28842 20 29006 20
29160 2029194 100 29258 "40
20330 40 29340 2ft 29439 20
29577 100 29626 40 29709. 20
29749 20 29S43 40 29863.1111 ICO
2U910 200I29947 20 30005 40
30114 201X0140 20|30198 20
30386 40 30395 10O'3O40l 40
30728 500 30820 40 30827..... 40
31085 100 31146 40 31364 40
31436 2031592 20 31602 20
31634 40 31721 2o|31848 100
31928 200.11953 20131959 4O
32051 20 32058 40 32155 20
512253 40 32297. .... 20'32322 20
32333 100 32466 20 32812 20
33157 200 33345 20 33363 20
33494 20 83605 20 33838 40
34113 40134133 100134271 40
34321 100 34440 40134549 20
31583 40 34595 100 34647 20
34683 20 34765 20 ( 34827 40
C4842 40 34944 20 34946 20
34948 20 35068 200 35146 20
3S183 40 30213 20 35261.. \.. 40
35385 20 35677 20 36066 20
36139 401.16250 20 36364 40
36540 40 36740 20 36757 20
36774..... 40 36940 40 3(5996 20
37072 100 37108 20 37447 40
37532 200 375T.9 100 3763C 40
37637 20 37647 20 37679 20
37744 10037840 40 37884 20
38207 20OO 38303 100 38412 20
KKJ35 100138650 20 38675 100
3SC9S 40 38759 20 38773 100
38N10 40|38!>10 20118961 40
39183 401.39287 100)39339 40
39371 20 139520 40 39537 20
39831 20139948 20 40029 1000
40105 20140109 20140199 20
40273 100 40349 40 40380 40
40407 100)40524 100 40817 40
40SW1 100 41255 20 41278 20
,41379 40 41554 20 41645 40
441741..... 40 41749 600 41950 40
,42120 20 42349 20142403 4f»
'4242ft 20)42471 40142-033 20
'42627. 20142671 20142701 20
,,42806 20 42928 40143139 40
43151 20 43.134 20|435fi6 2O
4:5570 40 43600 20143734 40
43877 20143939 40|43944 100
440(13 40144092 40 44305 20
44391 20 44401 40144540 20
44R81 20 41915 20144970 40
45011 500I450.-S3 20145049 ; 20
45052 20145299 20145478 ; 20
45M4 20)45640 2045675 100
45769 20 45771 20|45810 20
45849 2045916 • 20J45949 40
46038 40 46069 20|461 25 ..... 40
46248 20146325 1 CO i 46333 20
46349 20140.153 20146443 200
4R483. 20 46554 40146797 20
46912 1000147003 40S47023 20
47274 4OJ47317 20 47336 40
475.18 20)47617 20147702 20
47750 20 47781 40I47S73 20
47908 20 4SO07 20J48063 20
48176 20 48433 40 48529 100
48566 20148612 20 48628 40
4863.1 40I48C32 20148661 20
48722. 20I4S825 20I4S925 100
48920 4O|4K91ft 40 48961: 20
48989 20149452 20 149897. .'...- 40
49057 20149098 20'50067 20
P0164..... 40150255 100150312 20
50.121 40I.VM49 1000150368 '40
D0459 40150639 20J50677 20
B06S7. . .\ . 40(50741 40'50754 200
600S9 201511.13 4015120R 100
51498 40151687 2O;517C3 20
MS00 20152013..... 100152262.. .. . 40
T.22S0 201 52301 20).'.23.°.3 1000
52373 100152445 40152459 20
52520 20I52R28 40 5207-1 40
B277S 40 52804 20 52828 20
53078 40 5.1228 40 53320 100
\u25a063333 40 53487 20 53515 20
63508 40153037 20J53765 20
r.3816 20I53S01..... 20I53S62 20
\u25a063860 £0 53945 20I5412S 40
54440 40 54520 2O]54ft45 40
54030 20 54754 20!54S.Sf» 20
54023 20154996 40155000 40
550-12 40153275 100155320 40
55388..... 20155473 4OJ35709 100
55804 20 55861 •20I35873. 20
53876 2055911 20156037 10
56157 20 56164 40!5620l 100
56226 20156477 40150673 . 20
56719..... ' 20'5C814 2O!5<18.17 40
56897 40150923 4(>|57O54 20
57135 2C|57193 20157429 .'20
57545 20157885 40I579OO 20
' r>7944 4O'RR45!» 40158374.. ..V 20
68638..... 20158660 40|58031 2O
R9O.14 40159225 40159419 . 20
69486 20159650..... 40'.19651 40
59855 40159919 40150990 200
60055..... 20160070 20160279 40
60404 20)60408 40 60490 20
6069.1 4(>)6O715.:... 40(60707.... . 40
G0849..... 200 60SS1 40|61160.... . 40
61196..... 40i61245 20 61287 20
61295 20161304 20 61346 100
61393..... 20161406 20 61410 20
C1566... .. 40)61747..'... 20 62103 40
C21S3 20162191 20162216 20
C2592..... -20162504...... 20162790..... 20
62851..... 200162972 20 62978 20
63122 20163167 201K5213 40
63274 20 63387 40 63477 40
63556 206.1647 20I63631 . . . . . 40
63653..... 40i63803 20163848 1000
63854 20163860 40|64174 2l>
64103 2064282 20164354..... 40
€4376..... 40 04383..... 20164444..;.. 20
64830 2OJ64851 • 20165077 40
65116 20 65247 20165417 40
63430 40 65535/ 40165640 20
65646..... 20 l 65815 20 63842 20
65907..... 40165923. 20 66054 40
66050 20 66084..... 20 66157 20
66107..... ' 40166358..... 40166383..... •»<)
66408..... 20 66593 20 66632 20
(16889..... 20 67047..... 20 67224..... 2t>
67418:...*. 20 67440..... 100 67781....'. 100
r.778fl..... 10067867 40 68020 40
68095 40CS166..... 40 68206 20
CS300 20|68321 100;6S363 20
FRUIT GROWERS
WIN A VICTORY
NUMBERS
—OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
The subscribers having supervised the above
drawing of the Lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica. hereby certify that the above Is an
exact copy of the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 80.000 placed In the wheel
with the prizes corresponding: to them.
Witness our hands at the City of Mexico
this 22d day of September, 1904.
JOSE DE LA VEGA. Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager,
Per JUAN B. CASTELLO. Interrenor.
C. GARZA CORTIXA. Acting: Intervenor.
Seven hundred and nicety-nine numbers end-
In? with 17, being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000—
$20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 07. being: the last two figures of the
number drawing: th« capital prlxe of $20.000 —
TERMINAL PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
On« hundred, numbers from 8067 to 9067. ln
clusivo, being fifty numbers on each sld« of
the number drawing: capital prlza of f60.000 —
$60.
One hundred numbers from 3S137 to S8257. In
clusive, being- fifty numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prise of $20.000— $40.
One hundred numbers from 39979 to 40079. In
clusive, being: fifty numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $10.000 — $20.
.68381... \ 20168416 40 6S504 1£>
68570 20 68646 100 68707....; •»
68912 20(60144 40 69181 100
69351 20 6S731 20 69S70 2O
69912 40 699SO 20 70104 20
70177 20 70184 20)70196 *>
"0225 20 70408 20 70408 40
706S1 40 70769 20 70S36..... 20
7°S74 40170m 200|71C93 100
71211 40 71325 100 71379 40
71443 44)71451 10O0 71552 2«
71564 40 71574 20 71616. 20
717S9 20 71841 40 71845 ; -4O
71914 2072082 40 72268 40
72403 20 72497 100 72516 20
72636 100 72664 20J72699 40
72R46 20072869 20|72884 40
72951 2O 72366 2O|73100 20
73159 40 73251 2CI732SO 2O
73299 20 73347 20 73513 40
73516 20 73529 20 73547 10O
736S9 20 73931 100J74051 . 40
74005 4074427..,.. 20(74480 20
74609 40(74680.. ... 40 75018...;. 40
75197 40175204 20 75312 2O
75397 500175511 100175577 100
75S35 20175847 100 75043 20
75970..... 40 76134 200176172 40
76273 20 76278 20176402 2O
76404 10076603 20176761 40
7078.3 20 76877 200176950 2O
77009 2077112 20 77149 4O
77357 200 77382 20|77478 100
77601 4077709 20177740 10O
77813 20 77974 100 78123 20
78152 20 78298 ' 20 78340 20
78390 20 78467 10Ol78494 20
78545 4078575 20 78631 40
78823 20 78880 20 78905 100
78937 20 79118 20 75)244 20
79289 20 79444 40 79464 20
79466 2079537 ICO 79841 100
79871 20 79004 10O|7995O 100
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
10
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE 5^
or
i High-Class Trotting and Standard Bred
Stallions, Fillies and Geldings
From the World Renowned
OAKWOOD PAKK STOCK FARM.
Danville, Cal.
(John T. Boyd. Proprietor.)
TO BE SOLD
Monday Evening, September, 1904
At SalesyardT 1732* Market Street,
Corner Van Ness ave., San Frandso*.
Horses at yard Saturday. September 24. 1304,
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Live Stock Auctioneer*.
(Successors to KlUp & Co.>
Bend for Catalogue*.
*v_ By order of They Wiley of King* Coua-
5^> ty Stock Farm I will sell •«• -""toad
of cheap plow horses. 1 car of halter- broil*
horses, also 1 handsome road horse. ruDfrer tire
buygies and a lot of surreys an^ f ** 0 " 8 - ; ta *L*
and double harness on TUESDAY. Bept. .i.
11 »_ m.. at 1140 Folsom st.
£r* AUCTION SALE AT fc^
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. September 28. at 11 t n I
will sell 50 good horses of the Atlantlo Ccn-
tractlng; Co. JOHK J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RATLWAY TRAVEIj.
y^~fT^. Trains le»T« and ar« dn«
/y^mr^TNL tosjrrlT«at
/J£||pWSAN FRANCISCO.
V vV J L /#!/ FBOM JWt M. 1904.
V^^^SiX/ Tmrr Dxror
XjS \jy (Toot of Market Street.)
"am - MAIN LINE. -amitV
700a V»c»Tllff. Winter*. Kum«ey.. 7 50»
7.00a Bentcla. Elmira and 8acramento.. 7-20"»
7.30a VMleJ*. Xapa. Callstotcm Saata
Hots. Martinez. Saa Ramon ».2fl»
740a N'llet.Trscy. Latarop. Stockton.... 72Q(»
8.00a ShsfU Exprets— (Via DarU).
Williams (for Bart'ett Springs).
Willows. trToto. Ked BluX
Portland. Tacoma,. Seattle 7-50*
• COa Dsrlt. Woodland. KnUau Landing.
MarysTllle. Chico. OroTllle 7.50*
IJOAFort Cost*. Martinez. Antlocn.
Byron, Tr»cy. Stockton. New-
msa. Los Banoa. Mendota.
Armooa, Hanford. VI tall*.
Porterrllle v 4.20"»
8-JOAPort Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Gothen Janction, Han-
ford. Vital!*. BakenSeld 4.50**
t-30* Jfllet, Saa Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIIton). lone. Sacramento.
MarytTllle. Cntco. Bed B'.uff .... 420i»
8.50a Oekdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnoiumne and Angels . 4-Zu*
\u25a0 00a Atlantic Express — Ogden «nd E*tt. 5 20i»
8-30A Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations $50»
104I0A The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver. Kansas
City, St. Louis S 2 !!*
10.00a Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Loa Antreles Pasneager — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanrord,-Lemoore. VUali*.
- Bakerstteld. Lo* Anseles 7.Z0"»
12.00m Hsyward. Nile* «n'l Way Statloni. 3.2Ce»
ti-OOP 8acramento River Steamers tii.03*
S-30P Benicla. Winter*. Sasramentoi.
Woodland. Wl'iowa. Knights
Landing. Marytvl'le, Ororlllo K
and way stations 10 50*
8-30PBayward.Nllea and Way Stations.. 7 60f»
4.CCP Martlnez.San KAmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callt*oe», Sitnta Kosii. 9 20*
400p Nile*. Tracy. Stocitton. Lodl 423f»
430PUayward. Nile*. Irrlngton. Saoj tS-SOA
Jote. Llrermore ) tii.SOA
6 OOP The Owl »mtled— NeTiniin. Los
Banos. Mrndoia. Fretno. Talare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 850*
15.30P IIay ward. Nile* and ban Josa 7.20a
6.00p Uayward. Nile* and San Joie 9-&QA
6-OOp Eastern Eipret*— Ojr<len, Omaha.
Chlcazo. Denver. Kansas City. '
St. Louli. via Martinez. Stocktoa.
Sacramento. Col fax. Ueno 12-50P
f .OOP Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I -. cn _
7-CCp Vallejo. Sunday only 7S0m
7X0PKicbmond. s*a Pablo. Port Coita,
Martlnes and Way Station* 11.20a
7-C0PRfL«> P»8»eager— Port Cost*. Sul-
• un. Elmira. Darts. Sacramento,
Truckee. Lake Taao«. Reno,
_„ Tonopah. Sparki 7 50*
\u25a0 iSSPPort Costa. Martin's. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. M o d e • t a.
Merced, Berends, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20*
8 Oop Yosemite Valley, Tla Uerenda and
Wawona 8. 50*
8.06P Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
• 05p Oregon * California Kxpreis— Sao-
ramento. MarysTtlle, Rn<ldlnK.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 3.50*
I.IOp Bayvard. Kile* and San Jose (Sun-
«!ayonly) . 11-SOa
COAST LINE Cunrow «„„).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Crnz Sxcurs1on(Sunday only) 8 10*
•-15a Newark. CenterrilSe. San Joce.
Felton. BonlderCreek. BlKBastn,
Santa Cruz and Way Station*... 5 55»
tf -15a Alrarado. Newark, San Jose, Los
Gato*.Glenwood. Felton, Boulder
Creek. B!(f Ba»la. Santa Cruz.... 8-10*
12.1 Bp Newark, Centerrllle. Saa Joie.
New Almaden. Lo* Gaux.Feitoa,
Boulder Cn-elt. Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations 13 55*
4.16p Newark. Saa Joae. Lo* Gato* t3 55a
4.1 5 p Wright. Bonlder Creek and Santa
• Crnz. Saturday and Sunday only. >8S5a
COAST LINE (Broad «.«»•).
m PT (Third and T»wn*>»nd Stro-tt.)
6-10A San Joie and Way Station* 630»
t7-00A San Jose and Way Station* 6.40*>
7.1SA Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Suaday only) 10.30»
I-OOa New Almaden (Tnes., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8.00a The Coaster— San Jote. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, Sao Lai* Obltp«.Saate
Barbara. San Buenaventura.
MontalTO, Oxoard, Burbank. Lot)
Angele* . 10.4Ss>
800a Gllroy. Holllsttfr. Cattrorllle. Del
Monte, Paclae Grore, Sarf, Lom-
poc Jt 10. 45**
8.00a San Jote. Tret Plnot.Wauonrtlle.
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Paciao
Grore, Salinas. San Lola Obltso
and Principal "Way StaUon*. ... 4.1Sst
10-3CA 6an Jote and Way Station*... . . 1.23*
11.30a Santa Clara. San Joae. Lo* Gatoe
_-__ B andWay8U«on« 7.38»
1J0p Saa Jote and Way SUUont 8-38*
t* OOP Del Monte Express (except Saa-
day) — Santa Clara. San Joae.
Watsonrtlle. Santa Cms. Del
Monte. Monterey. Pacific Grovo. t12.13s> !
8-SOp Barllngame. San Jose. Gllroy. Hoi-
Utter, Tre* Pinot.PaJaro,Wat*oa-
Tllle. Capltola, Sanu Cms. Cae-
trorille. Sallnat. Paclae GroTe... 10 45*
4.30P Pan Jo*e and Way Siatloas t8 00*
t5 00p SanU Clara. Saa Jose. Lot Gatoa. IB " IW *
WrUht and principal Way 6U-
<\u25a0 th c M . <««•\u25a0»* Sunday). t9.C0*
|5.30p EanJoieaBUPrlnclpalwaySUUon* {9.40a
6 45p Sastet Express.— Redwood. Saa
Joie, Gllroy.5allaas.PiJO Koblea,
Stn Lnla Obiipo. Sanu Barbara,
Loa Angele*. DemlnK. El Piso,
New Orleans. New York 7.10a
8.45P P»Jaro. WaUonTtUe. Caplusls, 1 ,. "
Sanu Cruz. CaatroTllle. Del>i39"5?* •
Monte. Pacitte Grore \ TllMSP
18-15' EanMateo,Beretford,Belmont.Saa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.4""*
8 30p San Joie and Way SUtloa*. \u25a0.38a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Button* 10.15*
II .30P South San FrancUeo. MlUbra«.Bai>-
l'ngame. San Mateo, Belmont
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair OaJta,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto S.45»
•II^OPMayneld. Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Sanu Qara and
« a Jo «« - ta.4g»
. . AforMornlait P for AfMrnooa. ~"
t Sunday ezcepted. t Sunday oalr
• Saturday only. 6 Monday only.
IBtope at ail KattoM o» 8ttaday.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lo»t» Tla SassalU* Fcrryt ArrtT*
flan Frandsoo F— t*f laittttt. 8aa FTandses> '
Week 8mn- m Suu- Week"
Day. day». day*. Deyv
I0«Oa 11:00* 3:35 r 3:34 p
t:45r12;20r MOr 6:13 1
• :llr 1-.4SF 6:13 r 10:08 f
• fte finittf Car. \u25a0 fcasjfeia U liH TiTty.
Tickxt |«a» Mamkt &t (NertU Bhore KallroadJ
Omen land aAnaAixro f»kky. "foot Market 81
jug&^S&a MENANDW0.ME7I.
*5«JKp'oCm.Eo > '^S C«o Big G for unnatural
/?$V la ! •« i JmivV-l discharxM.infiammationt.
ffign Ou>uti«i "fl irtiutiant or ulreratton*
fX**J notuttrloiar*. of mnoocs membrane*.
lj" "I Trrtnu Caiufai. Pain'e**, and not aatrla*
K't>»THE Etm CHEMICilCO. £«ot or poisonous.
lSBHLCI-|Sl!<lUTl,O.Fr?PI Scld by "DrmxlsU;
•»••*• Ja&Bl or i3nt in Plain wrapper.
*^flin™»:i iiiffMTI b7 "xprM*. pra^atd. lot
T^sHa--^JmKinH •1-00. or5N»tU»*»2.75w
"* circular ioat oa reaawt.
weeel cm
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
§§ CALIFORNIA H
\u25a0 LIMITED TO CHICACOH
El LEAYES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS Fi
Hat 9:3O a. m., through. In 3 days.H
Hwlth diner and. all trapplnn. | J
Other Santa F« Trains:
1:3* *• "J-l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m.j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. ra. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas CUy, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICXS — 641 Slarket St. and
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South First at,
San Jose. |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
t_i*E"2SS"E2j33
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAX&WAT COMFAirr.
Tibnron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAW rSAVCZSCO TO SA» BafAZL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:00 11:00 a. m..
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAW PKAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:08 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.," 12:5(5, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
EUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35 9:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40 4:50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave • In Effect 1 Arrlvs
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. { San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. ( Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p l 6:00 p 6:2O p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
I I I »:25 p|
I 1 1 8:45 pi
7:30 a 7:30 a "~ 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a "Movato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p| Santa Rosa 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdscurs;. 10:20 a 10:30 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. |7:23p[7:25p
j j WUUts. I T~~
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. ( 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 a) 8:00 al Guerneville and [10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| Camp Vacation, j 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a ,8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30a! 7:30a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke"s Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the" Geysers, Boons-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at UkiaM for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhednn Heights, Hullvllle, Orr'e Hot
Springs, Halfway Hotfse. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Weatport, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, -Covelo, Layton-
ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsens,
Dyer, Garbtrvllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka. *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays^ — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. Xk RTA*tf,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paes. Art.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
\u25bcla Sansallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30, 7:10. 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:45. 3:15
4:00 4:35. 5:15, 5:50. 0:25. 7:15. 0:00 1020
11 :35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00, U:00, 11:40
a. m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:45, 2:30. 3:13, 4:00 4:35
5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20 11:35
P- m." - '2?33m5
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6*17
7:00 7:35, 8:15, 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m '
12:05, 1:25. 2-JSO. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:uC
6:55. 7:55 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:05
8:50 v. ra.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m
3:15 p m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
.7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45
P " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
• 7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
8:15 p. m. Sunday* only— For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
> FERRY — U&loa Depot, foot of Market at.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our sincere thanks
for the kind sympathy shown to us by our
many friends in our late bereavement the
loss of our loving daughter and s'lster
Lottie W. Donahue. •
MR. and MRS JAMES DONAHUE and
family. ,t,' \u25a0\u25a0.-;
MARRIED.
O'HARA — FOLET — In this city. September 20.
l&M by the Rev. T. Caraher, Edward
O'Hara and Mary Foley, both of San Fran-
cisco^ -
DIED.
Asch. Augusta. Jackeon, Charlotte
Axtcll. Ellen Kelly, Patrick J.
Bogliollo Varonica Kllpsteln. Robert
* Brooks. Milton M. Lin Loy
Byrnes Mary J. Loprestl. Dominicla
Cornwall. Pierre B. Lowenberg, Alice
Crowley. Georjfe M. Manning. John
Damante. Frances Moeller. Theresa
Dobelmenn. Philip Nelson. Julia
Fischer, Fanny Rodrick, Nellie F.
Fitzpatrick,Elizabeth Stanwood. Amasa O.
Freuler Florence M. Vizzard, Kathryn I.
Huppman, Mrs. Ada Whltelock. George R.
ASCH— In this city. September 25. 19M.
Augusta Asch beio\-ed wife of the late
Aaron Asch. and daughter of Mrs. Dora
Levy and the late Michael S. Levy, and
sister of Bessie, Albert and Martin Le*y.
a native of San Francisco, aged 37 years 7
months and 10 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
« Monday), from the undertaking parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 037 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, at 10 a. m. sharp, or from
Third and Townsend streets by 11:30 a. m.
train to New Salam Cemetery. ''
AXTELL— In this city, September 23. 1904.
Ellen Axtell. beloved wife of John Axtell,
a • native of Bulgaden, County Limerick,
Ireland, aged *ib years. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
t""""*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited lo attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. rn.. from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church. Mission street, between Third and
Fourth, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. in.
BOGLIOLIO— In this city. September 24. 1904.
Varonica, beloved wife of the late Giovanni
Bogliolio. and mother of Alex. Antone, John
and Louis Bogliolio and Mrs. Maria
Gotelll.- a native of Italy, aged 82 years.
CyThe funeral will take place Thursday.
September 29. at Coulterville. Mariposa
County. Cal. Remains at parlors of Castag-
r.etto & Co.. 01.1-45 Vallejo street, between
Htocktcn and Montgomery avenue, until
Tuesday. 7:")0 a. m.
BROOKS— In this city. September 25. 1904.
Milton M.. husband of Kate Brooks, and
son of Max and Julia Brooks, and father
of Mattle Brooks, a native of Orovllle. Cal.,
aged 38 years 8 months and 21 days.
C"*TFuneral and Interment strictly private.
Pleaee omit flowers.
BYRNES — In Kentfleld, Marln County. Sep-
tember 25. 1904. Mary J. Byrnes, beloved
mother of John F.. Harry A. and James S.
Byrnes, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
(Virginia, Nev.. papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances ax* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), September 27 at S:30 a. m., from
her late residence, 843 Hayes street, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 a. in.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
CORNWALL— In this city. September 25. 1904,
Pierre B. Cornwall, husband of Sada D.
Cornwall, and father of Mra. Florence C.
Moore. Mrs. Edward Fisher and Arthur W.
and Bruce Cornwall, a native of Delaware
County, N. Y.. aged 82 years 10 months and
2 days.
CROWLET— In this city. September 24. 1901.
George M. Crowley. beloved son of Bar-
tholma and Mary Crowley, and brother of
William B. and J. II. Crowley, Mrs. James
Sheridan and Mrs. J. Heron, a native of
Calaveras County. Cal.. aged 33 years. A
member of San Francisco Aerie No. S F.
O. E.
CRemalns at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy street. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
DAMANTE — In this city. September 24. 1904.
Frances Damante. beloved daughter of
Antonio and Rosa Damante.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at parlors of E. Castagnetto * Co. C43-45
Vallejo street, between Montgomery' avenue
and Stockton street.
DOBELMENN— In this city. September 23,
1904, Philip D.. beloved boh of the late
Philip and Catherine Dobt-lmenn, and be-
loved brother of Carrlo. David and the late
Katie Dobelmenn.. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 38 years II month* and 21 days.
IC"""" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. jn.. from his late resi-
dence. 219 Vt Tehama street, thence to St.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, nmrrlagre and* death notice* Bent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence or per-
sonR authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to" the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
STOa/LGE AND_WABEHOUSES. j
.. -tV.POIUUM EtotMe * Van Co.: I^r.Uar^
•itu^hold pc.;ds *tcreJ. moved, shipped. 125-
;:;l I Howard *t.. nr.JThlrd; phone Grant H.l.
A^cTiIin;in r ~AvoLL storat-e Ca.: st ° ra *«-
•a i - - ' ; •\u25a0' " wareboo^i G. O. a-nd Van
Kew; ufnes :'\u25a0••\u25a0 .'\u25a0\u25a0"jrUct. r. 4J: u: South TStt.
t \j'JTAL Van jcJ 5tor»£e Co.. ."I Kddy St.;
' I !.or ! .. Hint »«: JOHN F COOPER, prcs :
furni' ur< i:-.. a < I. t 3c'.i-J. shl.-ped .-J.d stored.
MEBTCE-iaJDOLPH i"'.orair<? & Moving Co., of-
fice Post »r.d PoweU »ts.; t«l. Prt. Ex. STL
CUXKXISra StcraE* — FumltiiT-e and merchaa-
iis*-. 2.'"3 Golden <C"3ta avc: phone East l^ft.
OOLMEX West Stance; advances tna<le. S40
Mitson ft.: trt. Hcward DM. F. W. Zefcfutt.
PACIFIC »nd l^urn'tur* Movins Com-
p«ry **323 Klllmore Ft.; phene Jackson 281.
H::1C1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 i^ontcomery
«t.; UJ. Main 1810. Shipping at. cut rate*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 ••enui— Th<» Woek'.y Cai!.
'.« y*ft. lr. wrnrr"T. <or mailirc. M per vea:.
PEWIJCC MACHXHX3 A2HJ SUPPLIES.
TiTrTwjTiTT: j.s king.
The WMtr Crand :s the tnoet complete sew-
:rj: machine on earth: finest furniture, finest
atiachir.rcts; make both lock an-1 automatic :
ftiu-h; «we this wonderful mac! inc at tha
V.-fc'te Co.'e new retail offif^. l»li Market ct. ,
.'KDMIVTIC — The nai:kiae for family use; best
i« cheapest: «<?rond-!:«nrt all makes at sr.y
jiric*- a!l Ulnif r^ntrd lowr~*t rat'-s. Domes-
tie office, ICQ Market Ft., near Sixth.
TllERn a.-e <t!!rrv. bat the White Is king of j
all (^wiTiK rn3<-"iires: nrit the n«*v/ retail j
.^fnpc of tte Wfcltr <>. at 015 Market st. j
A KXW M.:m.-. the ""•**t second-band machine;
\u25a0 nil kin<5* $.'!. *>*i. JS: ru^ranJwrf; «hT>> the
."n"l» >wir; in ?h» v.ItkIow.- 1(VS1 Market st.
SPECIA.I.^trOTIC'BS. .
"1IK *r.nusl mrelinr of ib«* lot owners of U»»
ttde Fellows' '<>m« tery »i'I be he!«i on MON- !
PAT. &-vtrrr:orr ?<*. lTO*. at 0 a. ra.. at tha
«-:iW of tiie am«orUtlc3. Point Lobes uve.,
•or the elortirs of tnifteen ard such other
"*;fir.»iw ih.:t iu*y "">e '.rga'.ly br.rjght before
II By itSt of th* Hoard of Trustee*.
WJJ.I.MM V.. LCT^. President.
CTOROr VKXUNGTOK. Secretary.
p*cntcnASXKO age*»cecs. \
."!.>HA 15, J E""TF:""T. purrhaf=ing agent: ooun- j
fy orfler^ a rperia'ty: corr<*fporiienrv solicit- '
>4 "".M'S I7th gt..San Francis-o.Tcl.Capp SSC. I
. _. _-. - — i
TY'PZ'WSITEHS A!T3> ETTPPI.rES*. I
AS ecseptJenJtlijr etkv» No. 2 Remington, No. 1 \
EBtftb PfWBler. $-5; otber typewriters at
higher rr. 1 lover prices: rentals $2 50. The j
Typewriter Kichar.gft. S3G California st.
IP-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repaired.
Wtbttar TypewrHinK Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market, j
_^ VXa -J-k i
A WAT to health; mothers' aad daughters' j
hoc.* treatment; booklet fiee: write tor It. j
VIAV1 «:<V. Van Negs. Phono Eaft 2S2. .
A*fiTX> STAaCSffEBUm^
MELBOURNE In«tituTe? Van Ness and Slarket. !
cwt; estah. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m. j
LEG Al, NOTICES. !
CHATTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOH THE ISSUANCE '
AND SALIC OF STATE BONDS TO CUE- !
ATL" A FU2CD FOB THE CONSTRUCTION j
BY THE UOAKU OF STATE HAKBOlt I
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND j
AHri'KTENANCES IN THE CITY AND I
oomenr of sax fbaxosoo: to cue- •
ATE A BINKINtJ FIND IX»R THE PAY- \u25a0
11ENT OF jsAII) BONDS: AND PltOVlUlNO ,
FOB THE JfVnMJi-SlON OF THIS ACT j
TO A VOTE OK THi; PEOPLE. 1
[Approved March 20. 1I»O3]
The people of the State of California, repre-
sented in senate and assembly, do
ena.ct # an fellows:
Section L For the purpose of providinr a
(Bad for the payment ot Hie indebtedness here-
ly authorized to be Incurred by tlie board of •
s-iste harbor commissioners for the erection of
a <-« .-\u25a0'\u25a0 .. and ...,_-:•::•:..\u25a0•> in the city and '
county of San Franciscu, at a cost not to exceed J
two ir.::!nn dollars (which said eea«all and >
ep^urit r.HEc*^ the board of Mate harbur com- i
.--.:.-:> are hereby empowered to construct i
::i Um manner authorized by law, and at a '
eont not to exceed eiid two million dollars), the j
\u25balate treasurer tha.ll, immediately after the J
itsuance of tha proclamation of the governor. !
provided lor in section ten hereof, prepare two I
HiiusaaJ suitaltie bonds of the State of Call-
luinia. in the denon:ination cf one thousaad .
doiUrx each. The whole iesue'of bald bunds I
Uutll uot exceed the sum of two million dollars. .
and said bonds Eliall bear interest at the rate j
ot lour txr centum per annum, from the \
time of the fa*e thereof, and both principal :
und Interest tball '..•\u25a0 payable in ccld coin
of the ;:•:\u25a0-.; standard uf value, and they >
»hall be payable at the office of the state j
trt- asarer. a.t the expiration of nineteen years
mm their date, subject, however, to re- I
Ot-mjuioii by lot a» iii this act hereinafter j
provided. Haiii bonds shall bear date, the 1
>\u25a0 :. i day of January, A. D. nineteen hundred |
iiui r.vf. and ;:.-.;; be made payable on the i
t-ecuiid day of January, nineteen hundred tnd ,
luecty-tour A. L». The interest accruing on
neb ot paid bonds as are sold shall be due !
and i .;...:.•\u25a0 at the o'tice of the t>aid btate -
treasurer un the tecond day of January, and '
« n tl.e secor.d day of July, of each year after ]
the *>*le of the eame; provided, that toe finrt !
;.:!.\u25a0 of interest shall be made on the {
•\u25a0t-coiid day of January. A. D. nineteen hun- j
tired t-.-.-l six. on fo many of said bonds as
ni*y have been theretofore sold. At the ex- ]
piratlon of nineteen years from the. date of :
\u25a0mid bonds, all bunds sold shall cea^e* to bear
liueri-tt. and. llkewit>e. all bonds redeemed by
lot t<bal! «-eapt to bear Interest as in this
act provided, and the said Btate treasurer shall
tail in. forthwith pay. and cancel the same.
«ut of the moneys In the San Francisco seawall
i ..- , : . fund provided for in this act. and
lie thail on the- ur»t Monday of January, nine- j
tten :..::..!• 'l and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy a.11 bondu not theretofore sold. All j
i \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0- Issued Fhall be signed by the governor, t
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
t* endorsed l>y the state treasurer, and each I
Biiall ha\e the eeal of the Etate stamped!
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that it la subject to redemption by lot after
the jfar 1U14.
6ec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of eaid bonds, eo that such coupon* I
may be removed without injury to or mutlla- I
lion of the bond. Said coupons bhall be con- '
numbered, and shall be signed by I
the t-tate treasurer. But no Interest on any
«>f caid bond* thail be paid for any time which
«aey intervene between the date of any jf
\u25baaid bonds and the Issue and sale thereof to
« purchaser.
- ' c. ii. The sum of cne thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
tsay be incurred by the Etate treasurer in
':—\u25a0 .: -\u25a0 •-. : . bends prepared. Said amount shall
be {aid out of the San Francisco harbor lm-
I'rweraeet fund en controller's warrants duly !
drawn fcr ttat punjoee. •
Sec *. Wt*n the bends authorized to be
S«ued onder this act shall be duly executed,
tlsry ciia'l be by the state treasurer sold at
puUlc auction t« the highest bidder for cash,
:n such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
tisail be directed by the governor of the state,
v:n<ier the seal thereof. aXtc-r a resolution re- j
..-•*•.:.\u25a0 >u -. sale thail have been adopted by '
Tt« beard of rtaie harbcr commissioners; but i
*>aul treasurer muit reject any and all bids \u25a0
:or stid besda, or for any of vheni. which i
• r.i. ' be U:cm the par value of said bend* :
»o cHereii; a&d he ma}', by public announce- I
rsest at - the place and time fixed for th* i
ia> continae sacii tale, as to the whole of
tec- ".:._.- cCered. cr any part thereof offered,
to such tim* and place as he may select.
Due notice cf tie time and place of saie
of all bc«£s must I* given by said treas- j
•- :• r by publication in two newepapers pub- I
. .-i.'i in tt« city and county of Han Fran-
. .n- . and fttoo by Eicb'Scatlon in cne news-
Itr-r publl.-hed in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
!u. one :.-.i^;-:t pub!»hed in the city of
hacramento, ence a week during four weeks
, • ; r lo such sale. The coets of such pub-
lication Pfcail be caid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbcr improvesic-t fund, ca controller's
warrants iluly drawn 'or that purpose, Tfca
; C, cf the bale of such bcr.ds shall be
lorthwivh raid ox - er by said treasurer into the
t.Tasury. and ir.utt be by him kept in a sep-
arate :und. to be "known end designated as
tl.e "£an Francisco $eawall Fnnd" and mutt I
l»: nte<l exclusively for the construction of
trawalU and appurtenances thereto on the
< \u25a0<.:• -: treat of the city and county of San
J'rancisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
uirul e&all be drawn upon and thail be paid
uot • '\u25a0 \u25ba\u25a0-w fund in the same manner as
...-.'.:<\u25a0 cr.d warriints are drawn upon and paid
• -.: of the Can JrYa.'.cisco harbor improvemect
lund.
mec f.. For the payment of the priis«pal
ciiii interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
hnsflra and designated an the "San Francisco
; t j«-jll i:inld:ig Funo" shall be and the same
|a hereby created, as fellows: The state treas-
ur* r ..'._:'. on the first day of each and every
n.fnth alter the tale of said- bonds, take frcsc
thi tvan Francisco harbor improvement fund
»u-h turn if. multiplied by the time the "bonda
tli-ii «>old anJ ouufumding have to run, will j
• , ' - : tliu ; rn:i :j ;-l ct the bonds ecld and out- I
tt«i;U'i.g at tb* time said treasurer shall to take I
»u)d fujii from said San Francisco harbor in.- j
;jjxivement fuad,' ltea the auiount theretofore
: .. u Uierrfrcm fur i-aid purpose; and lie shall
|ii«ct the fudi in the San Francisco seawall
»l:ikln; funJ created by thlit act. Said state
i-. „>\u25a0..: <t thali. en oontrolK-r'E warrants duly
tli awn lor that curpuM. employ the moneys in
-tald .-.: kit.; fund la the purchase of bonds of
(he Uitlfd "Stale*; or of Lhe Etate of California.
or of the wv<riil countiea or municipalities of
Hi* .-Kic nt Citllfurn'a. which said bonds shall
»>. kept in a prcper receptacle, eppropri-
•trl> labeled; but he must keep always on
hand a mirflclent amount of money ia said
».::.u..; fuud with which to . pay the Inter-
ii «>n rucli of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be ifiucd as may have theretofore
l«<*n •>)<!. And to pro%lde means for the
; -\u25a0\u25a0.)••. i ct i:.i'rf»i <!! tha bond* that may
i>- >\u25a0 !.i j.ii'i outsuinding, said treasurer (hall
monthly take Irom tb« .Sao Francisco harbor
liniroxrinrnl Mind, and psy Into jiatd seawall
•ir.kltiB fund, an amount equal to the monthly
'••not Uicu due on all bond* tbca sold. dm.
LEGAL MOTICES— -Contlimea.
: live-red and ou tetandlnc. The board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockat-e. tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient tor the purposes of this
act over and above the amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
»1x of the Political Code of the State of
Lallfcrnlu. Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
mltft until the maturity of said bonds, the
taid treasurer shall, in the presence of tho
governor proceed to draw by lot such an
amount 'cf bonds as shall be requicite to
exhauet as nearly as may be the amount in
said sinkins fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
cezntoer following give notice by public ad-
vertlfcement to be inserted twice a week for
tr.'u weeks in two newspapers published in
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
In cne newspaper published in the city of Oak-
land, and also in one newspaper published in
the 'city of Los Angeles, and al.-o in one
newspaper published in the city of Sacra-
mento, statins the number of bonds bo drawn
and that the principal of said bonds «i!l bo
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or i
oefcre the second day of January, following,
ar>d that from and after I such last named
date ail Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it ehall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
are surrendered to him and paid to cancel
the tame and the Interest coupons thereon,
and each year beginning with the year 1314
the said treasurer shall. In the manner afoie-
eaii. |iroc<?«<! to draw by lot such an amount
of bonus ar shall be requisite to exhaust as
nearly a« may be the amount In said sinking
funii and proceed in th« manner herelnabovo
stated. Afl<r the payment of all of eald bonds, |
the surpl« cr balance remaining In »aid sink-
Ins Cur.d, If any there be. shall forthwith be !
I'jiri into the Siui Krancisco harbor lmprove-
iTK-nt fund. At the time ot the respective draw-
ings ty lot as a!or*«siid. and ulso at the ma-
turity of said state bonds, said treasurer shall
cell the I'nlted States cr ether bonds then in
»ald sinking fund, at governing market rate*,
after advertisins the sale thereof In the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for tho sale of bonds
hrreby authorizwl to be issued, and shall usa
the proceeds tor the payment of such bonds aa
iray be drawn by lot, an.l at the maturity of
raid bonds ouw.andlnr shall pay and redeem
Bald :natured outstanding bonds out of said
moneys in said fund in extinguishment of said
bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose. . \u25a0
See. «. The state controller and the stat«
treasurer Fhall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under this
act. and they shall transmit to th« governor
an abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid beiore the legislature biennially; and all
hooks and papers pertaining to tha matter
provided for in this act shall at all times b«
open to the. Inspection of any party interested,
or the governor, or the attorney general, or I
a committee cf either branch of the legislature, '
•it a Joint committee of both, cr any citizen
of the htate.
Sec 7. It »ha!I be the duty of the state
trei^urer to pay the interest of said bonds,
when the same falls due. out of the sinking fund
provided for in this act, on oontrolier's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This act. If adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember. A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all ite provisions except tho*e relating to and
necessary f° r ' tf > submission to the people,
Hv.d tor returning, canvaselnjr, and proclaim- ;
ing the votea, and as to said excepted pro- :
visions this act Fhall take effect immediately.
Sea 0. This act shall be submitted to the '
people of the State of California for their
ratification at the next general election, to be
holdrn In the month o< November. A. D.
nineteen hundred and four: and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon.
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
f";m Francisco Seawall Act." and in a sep-
arate line under the same the word* "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." and opposite
Fnld lines there shall be left spaces In which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all
those voting agafnnt the said act shall tlo so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state ehall Include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
Sec. 10. The votee cast for or against this
act shall be counted, returned and canvassed
and declared in the same manner and subject
to the same rules an votes cast for state
officers; and if It appear that eald act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against it at such election, as aforesaid.
then the rame shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall be lrrepealablo
until the principal and Interest of the liabil-
ities .herein created «"hall be paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof; but If a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this act. then
the same ehall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acu and parts of acts In
conflict with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
CCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WHITELOCK— In this city September 24,
1904. George Rufus. youngest and beloved
son of George and Annie Whltelock and
brother of Winifred, Edward, Barbara,
Julia and Ellen Whltelock a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 15 days '
£"\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). September 27. at 10 a. m. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
"ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:15 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1035 San Bruno avenue, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets
thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 0:45 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
VIZZARD— In this city, September 25, 1004.
Kathryn Isabel, oldest daughter of Joseph
and Katie Vizzard, aged 11 years and 11
months.
Z. T. WHITTEN. C. of R.
LIN— In Oakland. September 24. 1904. Lin
Loy. a native of China, aged 45 years. - .
LOPRESTI— In this city, September 25. 1904,
Dominicla B.. beloved daughter of Anthony
and Catherine Lopresti. and sister of Con-
stance. Nofrio, Ignatius. Rose. Florence,
Anthony, Floyd and Arthur Loprestl, a na- i
tlvo of San Francisco, aged 17 years and
26 days.
C" Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOWENBERG— In Frultvale September 23,
1904. Alice, widow of the la'te William Low-
enberg. beloved mother of Mrs. Frank D.
Worrell and tha late Charles Lowenberg. Be-
loved daughter of Mrs. Chllders. and sister
of Mrs. Anna MacMahon, aged 47 years.
"\u25a1""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 20, at 11" m.. from the family
residence. Dlmond, Upper Frultvale. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by the
rlectrlc car from the ferry at 2:40 p. m.
MANNING — In GoldHeld, Nev.. September 21,"
1004. John, dearly beloved brother of P. S.
and Delia Manning and the late Jeremiah
Manning, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged Ms years.
lE7"Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 866 Mission street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
•J:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOELLER— In this city, September 24. 1904,
Theresa, dearly beloved wife of Louis
Moeller. loving mother of Mrs. Amelia Bach,
Mrs. William Wolters and Celia and Louise
T. Moeller. and sister of Mrs. Gustave Felr-
ingr of Plalnfleld. N. J., a native of Carlsbad,
Austria, aged 03 years 2 months and 10
days. A member o f Chrlstliche Mutter Ve-
reln of St. Anthony's parish.
*£"7Frlen(ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to" attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S:45 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 447 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-flfth, Castro and Dia-
mond, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, near Folsom. where mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, September 24 1904.
Julia Nelson, beloved wife of R. K. Nelson,
a native of Spanishtown. Jamaica, B. XV. I.,
aged (53 years 0 months and 11 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 'to-day
(Monday). September 215. at 1:43 p. m.. from
her late residence. 1:1C2 Stockton street,
thence to St. Peter's Episcopal Church, cor-
ner Filbert and Stockton streets, for services,
commencing at 2:30 p. m, sharp. Funeral
under the auspices of Charles A. Griffith.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:30
p. m. train from Third and Townsend 6treets.
RODRICK— In this city. September - 25. 19Ot,
Nellie F.. beloved mother of Frank Rodrlck,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 00 years 1
month and 5 days.
ETANWOOD— In this city. September 23 1001
Amasa O.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
F. Stanwood. beloved fathe r of William F
Mary R.. Robert E., Maud R. and Hannah
M. Stanwood. Mrs. II. P. Sweeney, Mrs E.
E. Duff. Mrs. J. Landon and Mrs. C. G.
Gianinnl, and brother of H. L. stanwood
and Mrs. H. Griffln of Brunswick, Me., a
native of Brunswick. Me. (Brunswick Me
Fall River. Mass., and New York City papers
picas*? copy.)
Chiefs and Members of Osceola Tribe No.
71. Imp'd. O. R. M.: You are requested to
attend the funeral o* our late brother. R.
E. F. Kilpstein from his. late residence,
r.20% Bryant street Monday, September 26,
1004. at 11 a. m. By order
LEROY NESBIT. Sachem.
irj r l'"ri?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 27. at U a. m., from the funeral
pariors of Porter & White. 42." Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Patrick's Church, on
Mission street, where a solemn requiem masts
\u25a0will be celebrated for the repose of h!s soul,
commencing at. 0:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery via the 11:30 'a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets depot.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city, September 23,
1JH>4 Robert E. F.. dearly beloved husband
of Minnie A. •' Kllpsteln, and father of Ada
E. anJ Irene M. Klipstein. and beloved son
of Mrs. Dr. Matilda F. and the late Ernest
William Klipstein. and beloved brother of.
, Mrs. Minnie K. Spexarth, Mrs. Mae K.
McCammon. Matilda E. and the late William
E. E. Klipstein. a native of Des Molnes,
Iowa, aged 3R years 4 months and 4 days.
A member of Osceola Tribe No. 71, Imp.
O. R. M.. and of Order of Americus. (St.
Louis, Mo., Des Molnes. San Jose and As-
toria. Ore., papers please copy.)
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 a. m. from his late resi-
dence. !i29Vi Bryant street, between Third
and Fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by carriage. * \u25a0 _._
IT"?'FrIend%and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September ' 27, from the parlors of
E. Castagnetto & Co., 043-45 Vallejo street,
between Montgomery avenue anil Stockton
street. Cremation Oild Fellows' Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city. September 25. 1904.
Charlotte Jackson, beloved daughter of
Charles and Louise Jackson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 10 days.
KELLY— In this city September -1. 1904,
Patrick J., beloved husband of the late
Annie Ryan Kelly, and levins father of
Emmet O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged
"".*) years 7 months and 18 days. A member
of Court Inter Nos No. 18. F. of A.
Patrick's Church, where services will be
held at 10 a. ra. Interment Holy Crose Ceme-
tery.
FISCHER— In this city, September 25, 100*.
Fanny Fischer wife of S. Fischer, mother of
Celia Fischer, and' sister of Julia Finger,
a native of Austria, aged 07 years.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. September ~*.
1004, Elizabeth bekived wife of the late
Hugh Fitzpatrick. and mother of James T..
Hugh. Frank T. and George Fltzpatrlclt,
Mrs P. M. McDonald and the late John
Fitzpatrick. a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:15 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden McBrtarty & Green. 1171 Mls-
bion street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for tho repose of her soul at
9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
Fnt-CLER— In Colorado Springs, Colo.. Sep-
tember 25. 1904, Florence M., beloved
daughter of John and Amelia Freuler, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 11
months and 4 days.
C7Notlco of funeral hereafter.
HUPPMAN— In this city. September 25. 1904,.
Mrs. Ada Huppman. a native of California,
aged 37 years a months and 11 days.SEVEN RUNS COME IN.
First race — BIcJetta, Stella, M,
Trixie White. * >
Second race — Tom Rowe, Short
cake, Ben Lear. _ _
Third race — Dameron, Red Leaf,
Fourth race — Barklylte, Dargin,
Scotch Dance.
•Fifth race— Footlights' . Favorite,
Miss Doyle, Mafalda. . .
Sixth race — Dolinda, Behoove, Ex
tol. „ !
Condition of tlie track — Heavy.
World's Record hi Jumping Broken.
NEW/FORK, Sept. 25.— Louis Mang
broke the world's record of 35 feet
8% inches for three standing jumps
.held by Ray Ewry of the New York
Athletic' Club by an inch and. a
quarter to-day at the Mohawk and
Mott Haven Athletic Club's games at
Mott Haven. "
DEOLAR SELECTIONS.
Despondent Man Takes life.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Sept. 25. — Ben
Hull, who arrived here a few months
ago from Chicago, committed suicide
sometime last night in a sandhouse
in the railroad yards by shooting him
self through the head. He left a note
saying that on account of bad luck and
poor health he had decided to kill
himself. • \u25a0
DELMAK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 25.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmaf track
follow;
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ins, maider.8 — Belle S 1O5, Gerona 105. Etern
ally 105, Stella M 1C5. Lady Seller* 100. Korea
30". McJetta 100. Trixle White 100. Kati«
Crew» 100. Flytn* Fire 100. Pharmacr 100,
Verandah 95, Bessie Me 03. •
Hecond race, eix furlongs, sellincr — Colonel
Tiar*-antyne 119. Nath Woodcock 11C Ben Lear
111. Tom Howe 110, Tom Kiley 110., Short
Cak«. 110. Oudon 108 Fenian 105, Toai Man-
VSns 105. Preveoutive Wi, Leila Hunter 88,
Ethel's P.rule 68. t
Third rar*. thirteen-Blxteenlhs \u25a0 of a mile,
rurse— Eed Leaf 305. Opinion 1)6. Lady Mer
cury OH. Eduardo !\u2666€, Daroeron 9«.
« *-«urth race, six furlong*, handicap — Com
modore 115. j u «t So 108, iiarklyite 107. Ice
Water 107. Darpin 107, Scotch Dance 101,
OJtnnevi, 87. Tower «0, Lansdown 80, St. As-
Fifth raoe. one mile, purs*— Mis« Doji« 100.
MafaJda 'M. Footlights Favorite 96. Rachel
Ward »6. Pretension 86. :>'.,
Sltth race, one and a sixteenth xnile*. sell
ins—North Wind 108. Canyon 103, Wortblnis
\<m 103. Varro 105, Behoove 105, Pathos 103,
i-:»«ol 103. Dollnfia 97. Hujrle Horn 90.
BARNSTAULE. Mats.. SeDt. 25.— Word wu
received -berc to-day of the drowning of W. P.
Oiadwiclc of Exeter. N. H., m&nacing trustee
*>f rWJHrw Exrter Academy, in the Channel oft
Harbor Heights, where Chad wick wai bathing.
He was 40 years old.
The annual dance of the Mission
High School Alumni Association will
be given at the Mission High School,
Eighteenth and Dolores streets, next
Thursday, evening.^. . Extensive prepa
rations have been "ma^de for the event
and it promises. to be a big success.
Alumni's Annual Dance.
On account of the sodden condition
of the cricket ground '' "at " W T ebster
street, Alameda, the match that was
to have been played yesterday be
tween the Alameda and San Francisco
County team was postponed.
Cricketers Postpone Match.
T. Jockey Club, a brown horse, four
years old. by Brutus-Seraphin and
owned by W. (Butch) Fisher, died
yesterday at Oakland racetrack. He
was a handy, consistent performer
with a high turn of speed and won
frequently He was brought back
from the East recently. He did • not
run up to his form there, f ; , . -. \u25a0.;_.:'
Horse Jockey Club Is Dead.
, Fifth race— Gloriosa, Ben Chance,
feinging Slaster.
C 61xth race— Ahola, Aden, Plautus.
Condition of the track — Sloppy.
Fourth race — Delagoa, Big Ben,
Ilankin.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Tam O'Shantex. Ghate,
Mary McCafferty.
c Second race — Cutter, Matador,
Vildo. / ":
Tliird race— Tokalon, Bad News,
Cigarlighter.
SELECTIONS.
Spectators Enthuse Over a Running
. Catch by O'Neill— Chicago De
feats Philadelphia,
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
. ST.-LOUIS, Sept.. 25.— St. Louis and Wash-
Ington.-spllt even ln a double-header hero to
i day, each team winning 1 by a score of 1 to 0.
A one-hand running catch by O'Neill ln tha
first game was the feature. Attendance. 14,
000. Scores:
First • game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 4 1
Washington 1 6% 0
Batteries— Pelty and Kahoe; Wolfe and Kit
tredge.
Second gamo — \u25a0 R.-H. >E.
St. Louis 1 6 1
Washington 0 5 1
Batteries — Glade and Sugden; Townsend and
Clarke. ~
CHICAGO. Sept.- 25. — A base on balls, a single
and Green's triple gave the locals two runs in
the third inning. Two singles, a stolen base
and Callahan's double added two more ln the
fifth. Attendance, 14,900. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ..4 7 0
Philadelphia 0 4 0
Batteries — "White and Sullivan; Coakley and
Noonan. .
The Bay City Athletic Club will
hold its regular monthly boxing show
to-morrow night at Mechanics Pa
vilion Annex. Six bouts are down for
decision, with "Rough House" Mc-
Donald and Tom McGreal in the main
event; Harry Tenny and Dick Mur
ray in the "special" and four prelim
inaries. John Ding and Ed. Levin
will settle the 105 r pound' champion
ship of North Beach. Henry Maine
will meet Chick Lawler and Billy Bat
tin will take on George Henderson.
Bay City Club Fights.
ST. LOUIS AND WASHINGTON
EACH CAPTURE ONE GAME
Each boxer is a champion in his
class, and the man who would at
tempt to dope out a winner would
indeed be brave. While Gans has
done practically everything that has
been asked of him, he could never
think of meeting Russell and the
other giants which Walcott has faced
in the ring. Gans expects to win,
but he knows it will be difficult to
get a match at his own weight after
defeating so formidable a fighting ma
chine as Walcott. »
A glance over the records of the
men shows the match is one of the
most remarkable ever made. »
Gans took a twelve-mile run yester
day, returning to his quarters covered
with mud, but showing no fatigue.
In the afternoon he had on the gloves
for the first time, boxing six hard
rounds with Kid Sullivan. The latter
was quickly in distress and Gans could
have stopped him at any time. Gans
enjoyed the glove work so thoroughly
he -will continue it until Wednesday.
A- big crowd visited Walcott's quar
ters at Oakland and saw him do a big
day's work. He covered nearly fifteen
miles on the road in the morning for
a starter. In the afternoon he worked
on the apparatus for an hour. He
then had nine fast rounds of boxing,
taking on three different men. Wal
cott's latest bulletin reads:
"You can just say that I'll be at
weight on the night of the fight, and
I'll beat Mr. Gans until he will want
to jump out of the ring." •
The followers of boxing are \ com
mencing to take the Gans-Walcott
fight seriously. The sale of seats will
commence to-morrow.* Manager Greg
gains has received advance orders
whN?h indicate that a big crowd will
witness the contest.
Contest Between the Lightweight and
the Weltesweight Champion Should
Prove, an Exciting One.
GANS-WAIiCOTT MATCH
*- I5IPRESSES FIGHT FANS
Errors — Blankenship, Delehanty, Murphy,
Hall. Earned run — Seattle 1. Three-base hit
— Williams. Sacrifice hits— Btenkenship, Wil
liams. Stolen bases — Mohler, Blankenship,
Delehanty, Smith. Hit by pitched ball—Wil
liams (by Hogg), Clynes. Struck out — By
•Williams 6, by HogR 4, by Thlelman 1. Wild
pitch — Hogg. Hits — Oft Hogg 5 in five Innings.
Hogg's opponents at bat— -YJ. Time of game —
Two hours and fifteen minutes. Umplre^ — Mc-
Carthy. ..-\u25a0,: ' :
SEATTLE, Sept. 25. — Willie Hogg
pitched his first game for Portland this
afternoon and for six Innings kept the
Siwashes from reaching the plate. It
was a fine exhibition of twirling, but
not a bit better than that of Nick Wil
liams. "Hogg wrenched his right arm
at the shoulder in the sixth inning. He
pitched the inning through, but then
retired and was taken to a physician.
The doctor thinks he will be all right
again in two weeks. Seattle broke the
goose egg row in the seventh and Port-"
land tied in the eighth on a fumble by,
Hall and a bad throw by Blankenshlp.
followed by Hurley's hit. In the
eighth a hit by Hall, two bases on balls
and a hit by Blankenship gave Seattle
the- game. The score:
Portland — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Drnan.cf 4 0 0 1 O VanH.cf 4 0 0 10
Hurly.lb 4 0 2 9 0 Mohlr,2b 4. 1 1 2.5
Nadau.rf 4 0 12 0 BIki-hp.c 4 0 3 7 1
Beck,2b. 4 0 0 3 2 Frisk.lt. 4 0 0 2 0
Weed.s.. 3 0 0 1 4 tDhnty.Sb 4 0 2 3 2
Clynes.lf » 0 0 0 0 'Mrphy.lb :i 0 O 11 0
Btanley.c 4 0 17 1 'Hall.s... 3 1111
Stlmn,3b 4 0 0 1 1 Bmith.rf. 4 0 2 0 0
Hogff.p. .20101 Wllams.p 11103
Thlelm,p 11001 '
y Totals.31 3 10 27 12
Totals. 33 1 5 24 10
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 00 0 012 x — 3
Base hits 01211122 x— 10
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 — 1
Base hlte 210010 01 0 — 5
SUMMARY.
Wrenches His Arm During the Sixth
Inning; and Retires.
PITCHER HOGG INJURED.
A story came from Seattle last
night to the effect that Manager Parke
Wilson of the Seattle team has been
traded for Tommy Leahy and the
two will change places at once. The
deal is shrouded in mystery and was
probably put through by Theodore
Goodman, now in the north with the
Seals.
Shake-Up on Uncle's Team.
George Janes and George Busch had
an easy time with E. P. Bobbins and
H. Spring. The score was 6-3, 6-1.
W. G. Knowlton and C. Pritchard
played three close sets. Knowlton was
at his best, and after losing the first
set won the next two. The score was
5-7, 8-6, 6-4.
Little and O'Hara won two sets out
of three from Dr. Noble and- Lisser.
The score was 6-2, 1-6, 6-4.
The rain interfered with the tennis
games yesterday and but few matches
were played. The courts did not dry
until almost noon, and only four
matches were completed in the first
bay counties championship tournament.
None of the best players participated
in these with the exception of Dunlap,
who almost met defeat at the hands of
a lower class man.
The ma^ch' between Dunlap and I* S.
Howell was the first played, and a big
surprise almost resulted. Dunlap took
matters easy at the start and was in
clined to underrate his opponent,
Howell won the first set easily, the
score being 6-3. He led at 4-2 in the
second set, and Dunlap made a des
perate but unsuccessful effort to pull
out the set. Howell won by a 7-5 score.
In the last three sets Dunlap played his
best game and won easily. The score
was 3-6, 5-7, 6-0, 6-2, 6-1.
G. Guerin and Guy Lytton also fig
ured in a long five-set match. The
players were evenly matched and
Guerin won by a small margin. The
score was 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, 3-6, 6-2.
The three other matches played were
all one-sided. S. W. Guerin beat S.
Simon, 6-1, 6-2, 6-3. E. P. Pinnegan
beat L,. Joseph, 6-0, 6-1, 6-3. Charles
Teller beat C. Quick, 6-0, 6-0, 6-0.
A few of the cracks were out at the
California Club courts and one /good
doubles match was played. J. D. Mac-
Gavin and Percy Murdock, to the sur
prise of all, lost to W. B. Collier and
Carl Gardner. The score was 6-4, 3-6,
6-4.
After Loslns the First Two Sets He
Takes the Next Three Without
a Break.
DUXIjAP HAS TASK TO BE.VT
lIOWEIiLi IN * TENNIS MATCH
'. CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— The last
meeting of the season at Worth will
</)mmpr.ce to-morrow. The' feature
will be tho Fort Dearborn Handicap,
•uifh ?2000 added money. The en
tries:
KirFt rac. fix 'urlonge. irurse — Ghats 103.
Fatter Talent 1«. «lad Smile lfis. Chocka
: \u25a0''\u25a0 W Minion TOS. Cyprlenne 108. AHista
:\u25a0<*". 7*m O'Sh;int*r 1"9, M<try McCafferty 109,
Poor I>;af C 1Q», Falernian 111. Avenger 111.
Tristar ?handy 113, Jim Hale 114, The fog
117. Taxman 122.
• A r.ir-, five furlcr.srs. purne — Lady Las
<-. 1 '•». Pegtr Mine V>4 La Sayitte 104. Lojrl
tuna 1'4. ••ixie Aadrawi 104. Vlldo 104. Gar
rtce 107. The Warrior 1C7. I'alm Tree 107,
VvmstrnXriek 107. Gold Enamel 1«jC. Matador
JI". CBtSer 112. Jado 112. T\'atchKuard 112.
'Third raw. one mile, the Fort Dearborn
i-'aniirap. f 2000 added — Little Bry 00. Flaxman
:.*>. < 'israrllcfcter !K",. Oypz*.r.»> » 1HI. Luralightcr
'" . Kthj-lene 1W. Kurtrmann 100. Cheboyjran
*''•<< Hhawana' 101. Huzzah 1"2. Fonsoluca 103.'
lffl. Stroller 105. Fo«f!I 105. Print*
Favenrtnsw 107. «;rpg->r K 107. Tribes Hill 109.
J':e Bf-n 114. Tokfclon IIS. Bad News 120.
.-'?.*» a-ja and Prijic-o FIlverR"inrs, Talbot en-
An : KlMkman an<l* Bijr \ivru Durnell entry.)
Kourth race. Fix furJcnpa. X'urse — Harrington
U>1. Julia M 101. Kdward Hale 101. Firk!e
**;-.'.r.t 1IM, Uur.kin 107. Coruscate 107. Bi» lien
US. DjeUgoa iU*. /
Fifth rar*. one and a sixteenth tnllea. purse
-\u25a0Dutiful Ki. Malakoff 93. Merry Pioneer »7,
Minting Master fla. Sar.ta Teresa 100. Mamselle
:r>o. Niaxus 1W». OHaRm lf>0. Louisville 100.
Ra-bunta 100, Emt Trade ion. Ben Chance 103.
1T1&9 Melton 104, Gloriosa 105, Chantarelle 105,
Plrateer 113.
SJxth rac« «*ren furlongs, purse — Aririe
l>wjg 100, Lampoon 101, Ahola 102. New
Mown Hay 103. Plautus 103, W. J. Drboe 104,
Fiord K 104. Sir Huph 100. Burnint Glaes 108.
Trepan 107, Cliamble* 109. Aden 112.
WORTH FNTRIES.
Maid of the Glen vs. Frisco Lad; Hermit
vs Secretive: Royal Spirit vs. Fretter; Flaunt
vs Golden .Fortune: Paul Dunbar vs. Fannie
Husrhie; Ian CIjsus vs. Haddington; Vandal vs.
Jack Short: Rusty Anchor vs. Wild Norah;
Story'j Sister vs. Texas Betty; False Alarm
vs. Golden Garter; Rocklin Boy vs. Texas Hoo
Hoo; Jlgamaroo vs. Rural Artist; Ruby
Sankey vs. Aurelia; Fearless Lad vs.
Free From Flaw; Trevathan vs. General de
Wet; Ml Amigo vs. Frisky Boy; Cosette vs.
Yellow Tall; Apple Blossom vs. Little Klam
ath: Tom Lipton vs. Butte City; The Delta v*.
Belfast; Remlsso Animo vs. Icellus; Sherman
vs. Ready Address: Emil Bey vs. Confident;
Prometheus vs. Lulu Girl.
The first of the midweek stakes will
be run at Union Coursing Park on
Wednesday. The running will com
mence upon the arrival of the 11
o'clock train. The draw at the park
yesterday resulted as follows:
cided on Wednesday.
Forty-Eifflit-DOR Event Will Be De-
the year Tork Momingr Telegraph
First race — Burnt Hills, Hot Shot,
Blandy.
NOfond racT'^Head Master, Amur.
Flyi^ ISuttre».
« Tltfi'd ra«-o — De Reszke, Seymour,
timrrlaud.
Fourth rat-o — Huryea entry,' Out
coiiu'. Fleur de Marie.
Fifth race — The Southerner, Stolen
J-Iasle.
Sixth i-aco — Auditor. Major Pelham.
J^dy Amelia.
Condition of the track— Fast.
Challenger, 6:40 p'. m.; Chispa, 7:15 p.
in.; Martha, 7:16 p. m.: Curlew, 7:51:30
p. m.; Thetis, 7:59:55 p. m.. The schoon
er White Wings, not having reached
the starting line off the Vallejo Yacht
Club float, went to her moorings in
Richardsons Bay.
The schooner Aggie and the sloop
Ariel were under way yesterday. In
the race the sloop Challenger and the
schooner Chispa started from scratch;
the schooner Martha , received 35 min
utes; the sloop Thetis 50 minutes, and
the sloop Curlew 1 hour 20 minutes.
Assuming 12 o'clock noon as the start-
Ing time of all the yatfus, the elapsed
time of Curlew was 6:31, of Challenger
6:40, and of Chispa 7:15. Reckoning her
time allowance, Martha beat Chispa
34 minutes.
The race of the San Francisco Yacht
Club fleet, with arbitrary handicaps
allotted by the regatta committee, from
Vallejo to Sausallto, took place yester
day. On account of the inclemency of
the weather.. on Saturday few boats
made the cruise up to Vallejo.
The flagship Challenger, the schoon
ers Martha and Chispa and the sloop
Curlew left Sausalito at various times
on Saturday afternoon with a good
breeze. The schooners White Wings
and Challenge were ready to start, but
not enough members or their crews
were on hand to ma\ them. At 9:30
o'clock yesterday morning the schooner
White Kings, flying tne flag of Vice
Commodore H., H. Jehness, weighed
anchor and sailed as far as Mare Island
Light.
At 1:35 o'clock p. m. she met the flag
ship Challenger, the schooners Martha
and Chispa and the sloops Thetis. and
Curlew making out or Mare Island
Straits. The yawl Tramontana and the
sloop Surprise also cruised up to San
Pablo Bay. The wind was light on the
way down, the yachts finishing off Sau
sulito at the following times:
Five Boats Sail From VaJIejo to Sau
sallto in Li^lit Breeze and
Heavy Rain.
SAN FRANCISCO YACHTS
HOLD A HANDICAP RACE
San Francisco — | Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Van B.lb 4 0 19 OiDoylo.rf. 4 0 0 20
Hildeb.lf 4 12 3 0|Shehn,3b 3 0 0 0 4
Waldn.cf 4 12 1 OjNordy.lb, 3 0 19 0
Meany. rf 3 10 4 OjEasan.ss 4 0 0 3 2
Irsvin,3b 5 111 4| Lynch, cf. 4 0 0 2 0
Andsn.^b 4 111 OCasey.ab. 2 0 111
Gochnr.ss*4 O 1 1 l'McL(?n,lf 3 0 0 B 0
Gorton, c. 0 0 0 11 Graham, c 3 0 0 5 3
Leahy.c 4 12 6 ljOverall.p 3 110 3
Corl>«tt.p 3110 1 \u25a0
Totals 29 1 3 27 13
.Totals 35 7 11 27 S
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma . . ft 0 " 0 ** " " | 0 1 — 1
Bate h ';» n o i :• o \u25a0\u25a0 1 2 — 3
San Fram .'.u '< 0 0 !> O*yf 7 0—7
-Base m-.3 10 0 2 ° 5 1 T~ U
SUMMARY. ,.-jv^
Krrors— -SVst.-cba-i, .Vor^jk», Oseeyi' Struck out
— By Oveiall ;•, t.y Corbet t 7.' IVa^s on balls —
By Overall 4. by Ct»i>ett -• .'VAVSifi, i>Itches —
Overall, Cort"tt. IJ!t to t'ttctu-.r — T«r Overall 1,
by Corbet! f V v "v-cs*? lilt?---Ko:>iji«?, Irwln,
Anderson. - -iia>u ifire ''i'.;ti--St*«ny, Gochnauer,
Corbett. lirst hute m errorp — hat; Fruncisco 2.
Stolen b^*-a— is'i-rdiV.:.'. IliijvT>«U)(K 'Left on
base»— Tsvomai.4. • Ban JF*ranci*c-r> X> ', Double
play — Graham lo Eapr. TSnio cl s ime — One
hour and: Etty-llv* ratuuteg. -CMPii^ — Tom
Brown. M*3Ss9l$Sl8PnMS|
The latter was effective also for
eight inning-s, but in the eighth the
Seals made more than enough
to win. Van Buren was pas? V,
but was forced by Hildebr:in<l.
He stole second and took third ot«
Casey's error. Waldren and Meany
took bases on balls and Irwin's two
sacker brought in two. Anderson was
hit by the pitcher and Gochnauer
bjunted safelyr 1 Leahy and Corbett hit
safely in succession. Gochnauer was
caught at the plate on Van Buren's hit
to Casey. Hildebrand's single brought
in Leahy "and Corbett. In the fourth
and sixth innings the Seals had a
chance to score, but fast fielding pre
vented. Gorton retired in the second
inning after injuring a finger. The
score:
linth Overall singled. Sheehan drew
i pass and Nordyke's two-bagger
icored Overall.
ATHLETICS AND DANCING
AT MISSION TURN HALL
Many Boys Win Prizes for Their
Clever Work on Bars, Rings
and Ladders.
The School of Physical Culture of
the Mission Turn Verein gave a gym
nastic exhibition last night under the
direction of Instructor Robert H.
Barth. The athletic exhibition was
followed by a dance and refreshments,
continuing until midnight.
Both the girls and boys of the
classes gave many interesting exhibi
tions of skill and strength in calis
thenics and turning. ] At the conclu
sion of the programme A. H. Menne
presented prizes and medals to the
following winners:
Mission Turn Verein. third prize in
the general tournament; William Has
selbrock, first prize; Adolph Welmer,
three prizes in the senior class: Albin
Genschel. two prices in the second
class; Max Heide, middle-weight
wrestling; Theodore Gatzee, general
tournament, and W. P. Bock, shooting.
WOODEN TOTEM POLES
XO LONGER THE FASHION*
Indians *of Southeastern Alaska Pre
fer Marble Shafts to the Monu
ments of Their Forefathers.
TACOMA, Sept. 25. — The custom of
Alaska Indians to erect -wooden totem
poles to mark the last resting 1 place of
their chiefs has changed. Many of
the tribes of Southeastern Alaska have
adopted marble, and It is left to the
white man to carve the totem- from a
model furnished by natives. : \; . '
Two marble totems have been
carved by a local marble company for
the Chilkat Indians at Halnes' Mis
sion at a cost of $850. One totem is
a tall white shaft surmounted by a
whale killer. The body of the other to
tem represents *» bear.
OiKLAXirS DARING LKFT FIKLDER. WHO TOOK BUCK FRANCKS' PLACE AT
SHORTSTOP LAST WEEK AND HELPED THE COMMUTERS WIN FOUR
STRAIGHT GAMES FROM MORLEVS CRACK SOUTHERN STARS./
fiKAVKSLLVD S^LJbTCTIOXS.
( .' ?;>«• -: «J Dispatch to The Call.
NEW "FORK. Sept. 25.— Gravesend's
faJ xneetisg will end on Saturday, and
E«rf Monday .the scene of racing opera
;. ns *\:I1 oe transferred to Morris Park,
t.. re twelve days' sport will be seen, j
S&e meeting closing on Saturday, Octo- I
• b«.r IS. ' Brief though both these meet- j
lagl *1D have been, the character of
ihe racing will leave little to be desired.
On Tuesday the 515,000 Hindoo stake, \u25a0
tbout one mile and six furlongs, is the
< hief race io be run at Gravese.nd.
B:«cnistlck, Ormonde's Right, Stalwart,
Grenade ar.d St. Valentine are the most
i.k,jy starters. The Holly handicap
c will be Wednesday's attraction. On
: yrsclay the Ocean View will be the
et cvest. The Sea Breeze will be
Friday's principal race, and the meet
-„.£ will cloge Saturday with the Pros
t- t and the Oriental handicaps.
At Morris Park the Matron stakes,
I \u25a0 "L<? run in two divisions, for colts
3 !:llies, as well as the Jerome hand
:-r.-p. v.jll be the three stakes to be de
eded.
G RAVESENU KXTRTKS.
NEW YORK, Sept 25.— The fields
\u25a0t Graveseud to-morrow are all large
d of marked class. The day's en
»":rst ra.e. aboui six furlonjrs, two-year-old?,
C I10G0 added— Austin Allen 115, Cairngorm 116,
Beattic US Candy 115, Trapper 115,
BctUtrlx 112. Dazzle If*. Hot Shot 1<i9. R. L.
uk» l«t. Bedouir. l<x;. Burnt Hills 10«.
: !-»g iv sire 1OU. Bluchtr Hut. ivanhoe 1(»O,
Utt* P7. Sunray 1<7. Red Fox "97. <Heart>
.,' \u25a0 *:rt and B».-douin, Duryta entry-)
Second race, two and a half mile*. ste«
j .<i-hase. handicap, three-year-olds and up —
R>iag Buttress 15«i. Headmaster 150, Amur
• „'.;;. Paulakcr 346, Gold Ray 134, Gascar 133,
aeetfa* 132, Jim Slick J30, Nancy D 130.
•\mur Mtvi Jim Slick. Colt entry; Paulaker and
. }:\u25a0 f»rfrr;aMer. Story entry.)
Third r«ce. i.ne and a sixteenth miles. The
:-cu!a:io:i. three-year-olds and up, $1500
. . :-d- I \u25a0amen 111. Cloverland 111, De Reszke
• Ntw York 106, Proceed* OS. Daisy Green
.i; 1 * Brfoklyniie 97. Andrew Mack V7. Gay I»
: -r-.'-i S2. Seymour st>.
.Fourth race, one and a sixtenlh miles, handi
' c*;\ JTiaree. all ageE. J120O added — Gunfire 1^<>,
OatODDM 1-0. Mineola 113, Graceful 11^. Hood
v:r.k 10(i. Thisile Heather W. Stamping Ground
:t # Srtip9hape S3. Toi San 90. Fleur de Marie
:«". Hydrangea 9u. (Gunfire and Mineo'.a, Dur
» J'a entry.)
Fifth race, one sjid an eighth mil^s, selling,
thnw-year-olda and up. $IOUO added — Cloverland
'\u25a0'. Stolen Moments 108, Cindnnatus 1CS. Sir
. K>.che .ltRi. Canieen 10«. Pentaur 1U5. Keynote
103, Fifxion 103. Eagle 1D2. The Southerner
••»', HomPFt^ad 101. stonewall 1<>1. Hoodwink
* is . Lord Melbourne «h, Requiter 97, Glisten
:•• Reveille 92, Silverfoot Jtt.
.-\u25a0Mxth rauCf-. about fix furlongs, handicap,
T> ."'-'-.-year-old«. $UKM added — Lady Amelia l.'J5,
'\u25a0•\u25a0Hector ."\u25a0.--\u25a0:•• 12H. Mineola 117. Major Pel
ham 116, Auditor 11^ Ancestor 103. Dapple
• "\u25a0•id lCo. Marjoram KX>. Gold Saint ltm. Gren
ade* Wi. rur.r.yside f<5. Missing; Link IW, Tide
S8, Topic B7.
FIRST OF MIDWEEK STAKES.
Open stake— Tralee Maid beat Gambit. 4-1;
Adonis beat Flaunt. 5-0; Tom. King beat Se
cretive 4-2; Duhallow beat Sampler, 4-3; In
Time beat Northern Alarm. 6-2: Tillle R beat
J E II 4-2; Real Pasha beat Eagle. 5-0; Ro^al
Spirit beat Pasha Pleasant. 4-2; Golden Ch»in
beat Concord Tralee, 4-2; Belle Marie beat
Sunnybrook. S-2: Fancy Free a bye, Apple
Blossom withdrawn; Racing Auto beat Polka
Dot 7-2; Tcm Hooker beat Frisco Lad. 5-3:
Pocatelli beat False Alarm. 9-3; Ruby Sankey
beat Texas Betty. 6-1; Renegade Apache beat
Ragged Actor, 3-0; Rocked Asleep beat Con
roy 5-1; Amandan beat Icellus, 4-2; Black
Coon beat The Delta. 4-0; Hudson beat Mickey
Free, 3-2; Agile Spurt beat Bright Future.
10-0; Rose of Gold beat Yellowtail, 7-2; Angus
Cissus beat Sylvester. 10-0; Sofala. beat Golden
Light, h-0: Barge beat Texas Hoo Hco, 11-5;
Princess Savoy beat Wattles. 8-0; The Ref
eree beat Aurella. 8-0; Tralee Lass beat Wait
For Me. 8-2; Advance Guard beat Haphazard,
6-1: McVey a bye; John Heenan beat Fannie
Hughie 5-2; Pomona, beat Vandal. 6-0.
Second round — Tralee Maid beat Adonis, 4-2;
Tom King beat Duhallow. 5-O; Tillle R beat
In Time. 4-2; Gold Chain beat Real Pasha. 4-2;
Belle Marie beat Royal Spirit. 8-5; Racing
Auto beat Fancy Free, 8-6; Tom Hooker beat
Pocatelli. 4-3; Renegade Apache beat Ruby
Sankey. 5-»>; Amandan beat Rocked Asleep.
0-1- Black Coon beat Hudson, 3-0; Agile Spurt
beat Rcse of Gold. 6-0: Sofala beat Angus
Cigsus 9-1; Princess Savoy beat Barge. 7-4;
The Referee beat Tralee Lass. 4-0: McVey beat
Haphazard, 4-3; John Heenan beat Pomona,
2-1.
Third round— Tom King beat Tralee Maid.
3-0- Tllle R beat Gold Chain. 7-0; Racing Auto
beat Belle Marie. 4-2: Tom Hooker beat Rene
gade Apache, 13-S; Amandan beat Black Coon,
11-S; Agile Spurt beat Sofala. 3-0; The Ref
eree beat Princess Savoy. 22.-12; MeVey a bye.
John Heenan withdrawn.
Fourth round— Tom King beat Tillle R, 4-0;
Racing Auto beat Tom Hooker. 6-3; Agile
Spurt beat Amandan, 5-0; McVey beat The
Referee, 6-3.
Fifth round — Tom King beat Racing Auto,
7-1; AWle Spurt beat McVey. 3-2.
Deciding course — H. Waddington's Tom King
(Rock Island King-Irma) beat G. Lacy Craw
ford's Agile Spurt (Cavalier-Merry Maiden).
4-0.
Tom Hooper, also from the south, fur
nished the surprise of the day when he
defeated champion Pocatelli, which
was a 1 to 15 choice in the ring. Poca
telli led, but his opponent took the first
turn by favor of the hare. The final
score was four to three.
Tom Hooper and Agile Spurt are
owned by G. Lacy Crawford, a young
millionaire vsportsman of St. Louis.
They are just out of the puppy class
and are of great promise. They are by
Cavalier, one of the stars of the famous
Curtis kennels, and are out of? Merry
Maiden.
In the deciding course for the stake
Tom King led by two lengths, dashed
in and picked up the hare.
The greyhounds seemed, to pay no
heed to the. rain, running right up to
their form. The day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores, fol
low:
Greyhounds bred in Los Angeles cut
a wide swath yesterday on the Union
Coursing Park field. The stake was won
by Tom King, with Agile Spurt run
ner-up. Both are Southern California
greyhounds.
Third round — Orsin» beat Reckless Acrobat.
6-1: lone Hill beat Young Fearless. 3-2; Smiler
beat May Tunison. 5-4: Sea Lion beat Carlow
Boy. 8-«; Ouida beat Meltinwood. 3-0; Balen
dlne beat Queen's Motto. 5-2.
Fourth round— Orsina beat lone Hill. 5-2:
Sea Lion beat Smiler, 5-0: Ouida beat Balen
dine. 4-0.
Fifth round — Orsina beat Sea Lion. o-0;
Ouida. a bye.
Deciding course — W. McGuire's Orsina (Boney
Boy-Lizzie Dell) beat A. Young"* Ouida (Moae-
Nellie Bawn), 5-0.
Reserve stake, second round— Freeport beat
Clarice. 2tM0; Mollie Me beat Free From
Flaw. 3-1; Rutfi Away beat Real Duchess.
5-4; Helen Hayes beat Rolling Boer. 6-O; Good
as Gold beat Tom Hurlick. 4-3; Forest Fir*
beat "Wedgewood. 3-2; Aerodh beat Big Kla
math, 3-2; Prompto beat Jerry WrighL l«-«:
Modest Beauty beat Baby Byron. «-0; Jimmy
Anthony beat Reckless Rose. 5-0; Fair Flylns
beat Hunter Ralne. 7-0; Bob R beat Nickel.
3-0; Mi«s Lucille beat Fretterless. 3-0; Frant
Dunn beat Agitator. 3-1: Frisky Boy beat
Belle Lloyd. 2-1; Mount Lowe beat Little
Third round^ — Freeport beat Mollie Me. 4-1:
Rush Away beat Helen Hayes, 5-0; Good as
Gold beat Forest Fire, 3-2: Aerodh beat
Prompto 4-2; Jimmy Anthony beat Mcwl^st
Beauty, '3-0; Fair Flyinjr beat Bob R, tt-5;
Frank Dunne beat Miss Lucille. 11-7; Frisky
Boy beat Mount Lowe, 4-0.
Fourth round— Rush Away beat Freeport.
32; Aerodh beat Good as Gold. 3-2: Fair Fly-
Ing beat Jimmy Anthony, 4-0; Frank Dunna
beat Frisky Boy. S-2.
Fifth round — Aerodh beat Rush Away, 9-1;
Fair Ftying beat Frank Dunne. 7-1.
Deciding course — G. Whalen'a Fair Flying
(Fetter Free-Port Costa Lass) beat S. Logar
mosino's Aerodh tHot Stuff- Crawford Laes).
5-1.
Class stake, second round — Reckless Aero
bat beat Sacramento Boy. 4-3; Orslma beat
Dear Gaaton. 5-0; lone Hill beat Glaucus. «-S;
Young Fearless beat Frisky Barbara. 13-10;
Smiler a bye; May Tunlson beat Cosett*. 4-2;
Sea Lion beat Runaway Actress. 5-1; Carlow
Boy beat Flower Girl, 3-2; Ouida beat Com
mercial Traveler, 7-5; Melllnwood, a bye;
Queen's Motto beat Imperious. 3-2; Balendina
beat Loretta. 2-1.
Ouida, winner of a stake a week ago,
ran in excellent form, but succumbed
to Orsina in the final of the Class
stake. Ouida had a hard trial during
the fifth round ln a bye with Sacra
mento Boy, which affected her chances
of capturing the flag in the final. Reck
less Acrobat/ after beating Sacramento
Boy decisively, was made favorite over
Crsina in the third round. Orsina won
the course by a score of 6 to 1. The
rain seemed to take the speed out of
the hares, as nearly all the courses
were short runs. Following are the re
sults with Judge John Grace's official
scores:
Form players had a hard day pick
ins winnera yesterday at Ingleside
Coursing Park. Favorites were beaten
with unusual frequency. Fair Flying:,
the winner of the Reserve stake, treat
ed the talent harshly. They laid odds
against her In several trials only to find
their judgment was wrong. Orsina
captured the Class stake. He was the
outsider In the betting- on two occa
sions.
, The pistol champions of the day
proved to be W. C Prichard and G. E.
Frahm of the Golden cate Club, who
scored twice 91 each out of a possible
100 rinss.
In the same club Martin F. Blasse,
in rifle competition, led his comrades
with 229 rings to his credit.
The delegates who have been ap
pointed by the various rifle clubs of
California and the Pacific Coast for the
purpose of forming a Pacific Coast
shooting bund will meet this evening
at 8 o'clock at Odeon Hall. D. B. Fak
tor, the weil ''nown champion, will call
the delegate to order. As all the
marksmen appointed by the different
clubs are enthusiastic for a Pacific
Coast bund the association is an as
sured success. The day' scores:
Independent Rifles, annual prize shoot — Cor
poral P. C. Peterson 33, Sereeant C. Iversan
31. Captain L. Schneider 30, Captain Schlicht
mann 29. C. Hcring 27. Corporal H. Marzolf
27. L>. Fteffen 27, H. Kuhlke Jr. 25, C. Lin
decker 23, Corporal P. Schor.igr 25, C. J.
Doerhrin;; 24. H. Renhardt 24. P. Volkmann
24. F. Jjchohay 24. K: Helmke 24, Sergeant C,
Andrews 23. J. H. Bchlmer. 23. Sergeant L.
Mayer 22. F. J. bkowran 22. B. V. Whiting
22. ifergeant H. Feyge 22. J. C. Hayes 22.
Sereeant C. Schneider 21. W. B. Cook 20, J.
H. KuMfct) »>.C. «rhiillne 1». **. Schnjidt W,-|
W. A. fmilh 18, F. Brinkman 18, C. H. :
Kombeck 18, J. S. Jones 18, J. Wlldermuth 18,
K. WU-hrowsM 17. H. K. Baker 17. C. -Slender
17. E. E. WeiKel 17. W. Gaetjen 15. A. Lude
man IS. H. Ooetjen 13. H. Tonnemacher J5.
I.. Hchen^ler 15. W. Connor* 14. H. Pape 14.
C. Fr*<irickson 14, J. Schlichtmann 14. O. F.
Huber 14. B. Hilken 13. G. E. Fricker 13. O.
Schmidt 12. T. Lorensen 11. W. Stcwk 11. AV.
Tinken 11, Sergeant II. Fredrickson 10, H.
Schmidt 10. L. Coehuis 10.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— Fred Brandt 181. F. E. Mason 202. M.
KolandT 286. Otto -Breir.er 425, N. Ahrens
449, Herman Huber 7.T5. M. F. Blasse 7*2.
W F. Blaw* 860, S. Heino 6C6. D. B. Faktor
1<»49, W. Mork^n 1053. D. Huntemann 1215,
W. Doell 1476, V. P. Schuster SOBS, H.
Sohwrisrer 2O.">5, Charles Thierbach 1763, H.
Bomholdt 1576. Aupu«t Jun^blut 23.T5.
Fan Franciwv) Schuetzen Verein. bul!s*ye
shr.ot—Fred Brandt 135. August Tape 2."2, H.
Huber 2*0 H. Bornholdt 342. O. Bremer 4*h>,
E DoeU . r >17 John de Wit 521. A. Lemaire CC2.
A. Juncblut 70:i. J. Woebcke 791, Lieutenant
H Mpyor SIS W. F. Garms 80S, D. Stegeman
*70 D B. Faktor S73, H. Zecker 010. R. Stet
tin'fWS. F. Koch 042. A. WeFtphal 950. J. Gef
ken Ufi«5. David Salfleld 990. Competition shoot
Fred Brandt 192. 182: D. Huntemann, 188,
1SV A Kchaefer. 131. WO: August Pape, 21«,
"29- H. Bornholdt. 190. 182: John Gefken, IPO,
131; K. HensM. 1R4. 172; H. Meyer, 102. 179;
H Zecker 183. 181: A. Jungblut. 178. 1S2;
Otto Bremer. 227. 214; E. Doell. 170. 102; A.
Lemai--e 119. 107: R. Stettin. 2O1, 'JKt; S.
Heino 1R3 ISO: Charles Thierbaeh. SOS, 215;
August Westphal. 197. 173: F. P. Schuster, 217.
Gcldf-n Gate Hif.e and Pistol nub. monthly
competition: Re-entry match— M. F. Blawe,
•>~> 21 S 217 215 211. 210; F. K. Mason. 222;
\V *F Blas*e. 221. 217; ». B. Faktor. 221; M.
Kolander. 215. 213: G. W. Maxwell, 212. 210.
*V33 200 Pistol re-entry match — W. F. Blasse,
87 'S3: M. F. Blame. 82. SI; C. M. Henderson.
67 67 CB. Revolver, «ilver medal— F. V.
Klnston. R5. 84. R2. Re-entry match— W. C.
Prichard 91. 91. ,80. 88: G. K. Frahm. »1, 91,
tK HS. S7. 87: E. h*. Somervlll". 83, 79.
Norddeutscher P^huetzen Club monthly m»dal
ahoot — First champion cla^s, Herman Huber.
4''S- (-ecosd champion clase, .not filled; first
class A Ilohir.ann. 376: second class. \V. Mor
ken '375; third class. Augutt Westphal. 301:
fourth class, D. Pt*semann. 334; best first
Fhot, John Gefkin. 25; best last ehot, Herman
Huber 22 *"
- Redmen's Shootln* Company, monthly medal
Fhoot— Champion class. H. Schult. 410; first
clans F Werlen 300; pecond class, H. Schulz,
v*01 : 'third claw! W. Wurzhach. 259; fourth
class H Nlcolai. 361 : best first shot. Charles
Oidas 25; best last rhot, H. Schult, 25.
D. B. Faktor was the hero of the
Germania Schuetzen Club in the bulls
eye contest, making, twelve six-inch
trullseyes in succession,, oeing the high
est successive score that has been
made at a competitive shoot.
Fred Brandt had his shooting eyes
with him yesterday and won the best
centers in the Germania Club and the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. Both
of his bullseyes were close to the cen
ter and it took the measuring machine
to show they were not true to the cen
ter. »
Corporal P. C, Peterson was the vic
tor over all his comrades and carried
off jthe first prize with tne good score
of 33 rings on- the American standard
target. Sergeant C. Ivcrson won the
second prize with 31 rings.
Herman Huber distinguished 'himself
in the competitions of the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein and the Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club. In the ve
rein he made the good score of 16-six
inch bullseyes in twenty shots, being
within two bullseyes of the world's
record. In the Norddeutscher Club he
made 428 rings in his medal string.
, -: "... - . -. "< /
The gloomy weather of yesterday had
no depressing effect otx the ardor of
the large number of marksmen who as
sembled at the Shell Mound Park rifle
range to devote themselves to their
favorite hobby. The event of the day
was the twenty-seventh annual prize
contest of the Independent Rifles, who
mustered the full strength of • their
company.
After Being Installed a Oue
to Fifteen Choice He
Loses to Tom Hooper
Gloomy Condition of the
Weather Affects Neither
Accuracy Nor Attendance
Orsina Captures Class Stake
While Honors in Reserve
Event Go to Fair Flying
Stolen bases — Dunleavy. Brashear, Chase.
Errors — Chase (2). Spies, Devereaux, Schlalley,
Brashear. Two-base hits — Braahear, Dunleavy.
Sacrifice hit— Buchanan. First base on errors
Oakland 3, Los Angeles 1. First base on
railed balls— Oft Buchanan 2, oft Newton 2.
Left on bases — Oakland 5, Los Angeles 5.
Struck out — By Buchanan 6, by Newton 4.
Double play — Byrnes to Schlafley. Time of
E ame — All afternoon in the rain. Umpire —
Francks.
Totals. 21 0 3*19 6' Totals. 24 1 5 18 0
•Game called with one out in seventh Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo« Angeles 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Base hits 10 2 0 1 1—5
Oakland 0 O O 0 O 0—0
Base hits... 1 0 0 0 1 1— 3
SUMMARY.
The weather- was threatening when
the game was called at 2:30 o'clock and
held out fairly well for three innings.
Then Umpire Buck Francks, who was
acting in McDonald's stead, announced
that the game would be called for
twenty minutes and if the weather
would permit action would be resiimed
when the time limit had expired.
But the rain never ceased. Instead
it came down harder. Eugene Bert,
president of the league, had a confab
with Francks when the twenty minutes
was up, and then to the disgust of fans
and players alike, the game was re
sumed.
The ball tossers objected strenuously
to trotting out on that sloppy diamond,
but the umpire had -to <lo as he was
told and these unlucky mortals were
forced to run around in the rain and
mud so that the league might save a
few paltry dollars in rain checks.
As long as the game was resumed
tliere was no excuse of calling it till
the nine innings had been played out.
At any rate the umpire ordered hostili
ties to cease with Doc Newton at the
bat for Los A» geles in the seventh inn
ing and one nan out. Of course, no
rain checks were handed out and a lit
tle money was saved. i
The players were all disheartened.
Nearly all of. them went out upon the
field with their coats on and each was
fearful that he might make a false
step and perhaps break a leg or an
arm. But nobody got any rain checks
and the league saved a little money.
The game itself was a farce and
should not count in the official aver
ages. The 'Angels got a run in the
third round when Flood was safe on
Schlafley's error and Brashear got a
dinky hit that would have been an
easy out on a good field. Cravath flew
to Byrnes, but. Chase singled over sec
ond and brought Flood home with the
only run.
Both Buchanan and Newton pitched
grand ball under the existing condi
tions. The Commuters had men on
bases several times, but the curve's of
the big fellow were too deep a mystery
when a run seemed due. The morning
game was declared off on account of a
sloppy field. The score:
Oakland — I Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Ganley.rf 3 0 0 10 Eapar.cf 8 O O .1.0
rnjnlvv.s a O 1 1 I Flood.Sb 2 10 2 2
!*ohfly"2b 2 O 1 1 2 Brshr.lb 3 0 3 fl l>
Krugr.ct 3 0 0 2 0 Oravth.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Mskmn.lf 3 0 0 1 O.Chase.2b 3 0 11 1
Dvrux.3b 2 0 .O 0 l.Toman.s. 2 0 10 3
Btreib lb 2 0 0 5 o'Ross.lf.. 3 0 0 0 0
Uyrnes.c 2 0 18 2 Roles.cr. 3 0 0 4 1
Buchnn.p 10 0 0 OjNewton.p 2 0 0 0 2
The magnates who manipulate the
Pacific Coast Baseball League have al
ways been known to grab all the coin
in sight, but nobody ever thought these
same big minded men would compel
eighteen ball players to wallow for
four innings on a muddy field just for
the sake of a few paltry dollars. But
they stooped this low yesterday and
ordered the members of the Oakland
and the Los Angeles team to risk life
and limb so that the spectators might
be beaten out of a few rain checks.
When the game was called in the sev
enth inning- Los Angeies was in the
lead, 1 to 0.
Such an outrageous thing has never
been heard of on any ball field in the
history of the national game. The
players were so dumfounded that they
hardly realized what had happened.
As for the spectators, they hooted and
jeered and called for rain checks. After
the allotted five innings had been reeled
off and the crowd was not entitled to
tickets for another game, the farce
was soon declared off.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Taccma 34 21 .580 Oakland 27 32 .458
Los Angeles. 30 23 .5W San Fran 26 32 .448
Seattle 33 2G .oc'J Portland ....22 35 .'Jan
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
RANGES ARE CROWDED
Star Field Is Expected to
Start for the Hindoo,
Which Is Valued at $15,000
POCATELLIIS DEFEATED
TRIALS PROVE SHORT
]!ICH STAKES OFFERED
Managers Thereby
• Save Few Paltry
I Dollars.
Southern California Grey
hound Beats Agile Spurt
From the Same Bistrict
6:iies of Gravesend and of
.Morris Park Will Close
With the Coming Meetings
Favorites Are Beaten With
Unusual Frequency in the
Two Stakes at Ingleside
Is Within Two Bullseyes of
the World's Record- in
His Twenty-Shot Score
BASEBALL PLAYERS ARE ORDERED OUT
TO PERFORM IN A DRIVING RAINSTORM
FORM FLAYERS
HAVE BAD DAY
HUBER SHOOTS
IN GREAT FORM
RACING SEASON
NEARS ITS END
STAKE HONORS
FOR TOM KING
JOE CORBETT OUTPITCHES OVERALL IN SENSATIONAL GAME AT TACOMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23. — Count Perettl /da
Laraeco, French "\u25a0 Vice Consul at San Fran
cisco, arrived here to-day on the French steam
ship La Bretaene from Havre. \ -
ROBBED IN A SALOON. — John L. Rainsay
of 520 Octavia street, complained to the police
yesterday that he had been robbed of $15 in a
saloon at ' Pace and Franklin streets. Last
night Albert , Case was - arrested on suspicion
and his name placed on the detinue book.
TACOMA,. Sept. 25. — Tacoma nar
rowly escaped a shutout to-day, due to
Joe Corbett's masterly pitching. In six
innings the- locals retired in order.
They did notget a hit until the eighth,
when Casey scratched- a drive. In the
Uncle's Men Get Busy in the Eighth
Inning and Win.
11
AD V KKTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
S - lisolll which. when honestly
in KrSiffl aimed at by true master*
'~ fruWw ot the art ' caa be r * aclie<1
= ? j^fV/js ln th * Process of brewlaK
*2» ByB^ffl aad maturing. And the
*"* EiSe^ila «trenrth — heary, medium
< PraHgx or u *" ht ~~ u * mattar of
* J^S^L'fflSa akillfnl adjustment.
ik|H|i BI £ Malt-ViYina
H5DJMJ2-.r r :? r -£-_#£; i SAM BXBO ft CO-
'•fiBsSgifeQgSsBte* 1 WHoleaal* Daalers,
312 Battery St, .
T«L IT*'" 6859. \u25a0•» Tnaetteo.*\u25a0; We want 'to print your, next booklet. Ed
ward Knowles Company, 24 Second street. •.
The Paraiso Springs are always open. •
Trapper** Oil cures rheumatism ar.d neur&ltf*.
DrucsUU. &0c flask. Richard & Co.. 400 CUy.«
Edward Graves, an assistant team
ster, was seriously and probably fa
tally kicked by a horse in .Peter
O'Brien's Clarion alley stable yester
day. Graves was sweeping near the
horse, which viciously kicked him in
tho face. Eleven bones were '.broken
and the man's skull was fractured. At
the Central Emergency . Hospital . the
surgeons give but little hope of the un
fortunate man's' recovery.
Face Broken by a Kick.
A euchre 'tournament.wiH be given
at CotJUon Hall, corner of .Polk and
Bush streets, Wednesday evening for
the benefit of the building. fund of the
new.St. 'Brigld's Church. . Many valu
able, prizes will be "contested .for. by
the plaversr: Tickets- will be sold at
Gallagher Brothers'/ 27 Grant avenue.
The* following committee has charge
of the affair: ,Mrs.J.F. Sullivan. Miss
C. Thomas. Miss M. Shannon, Miss M.
Gibbon, Mrs. Frank Panter. Mrs. C.
Ivancovich., Mrs. Jules Clerpayt, Mrs.
Arhasa Thornton.'
To Hold Enchre Tournament.
Darnett'n Extract of Vanilla — Used
exclusively by all leadinc hotels and clubs. '•
BLAMEY'S SHORTAGE V; • ; t ' •
IS ABOUT $10,003
Holyoke Police HaveN'o Warrant and
No Record of Indictment
Is Found.
A telegram from- Holyoke. .Mass..
says that John R. , Blarney, who gave
hirhsrlf up to the police in this city
Saturday, was for eighteen years treas
urer o5 the Eastern division of the
American Wire Weavers' Association.
He" "disappeared during July last after
admitting a shortage in ,his accounts
of about $10,000. Blarney had been
trusted implicitly and served without a
bond. He left a family at Holyoke.
The, Holyoke police gay they have
no warrant for Blarney and It is not
known whether an Indictment has
been returned against him. The East-
Neither the Morgue officials nor the
police have been able to discover any
particulars regarding .the occupation
or past history of William C. Pinkham,
\u25a0who committed suicide in his room at
the Kathryn Hotel. 480 Ellis street, on
Saturday night, i He had been- living
there since July 20. but nothing was
known of him except his name. A
note addressed to him was sent to the
hotel yesterday morning by a Califoh
nia special- messenger,, boy. It was
opened by the landlord and read:
"Why did not note come over yester
day?" It was unsigned. The land
lord Bent a man back with the boy, but
tho person who gave him the, mes
sage to deliver had disappeared. Two
women called at the Morgue, but could
not identify the body. The man was
about 45 years old. - v
Who Is William C. Pinkham?
Frank Kane and his wife of 456
Sixth street inhaled gas while asleep
Saturday night. The woman was more
fortunate than her husband in conse
quence of sleeping on the side of the
bed nearest on open window. She was
resuscitated at home, but her husband
.was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital, where he lies in a precarious
condition. It was doubtless due to an
accident.. * \u25a0' - \u25a0•
Husband and Wife Inhale Gas.
The existence of Focl^ty depends upon the
good things It has to otter its votaries: "Old
Gilt Edge Whiskey-" for example. Wlchman.
Lutgen & Co., 20-31 Battery Bt., S. $". •
A,' man supposed to be Charles
Davenport, an ex-member of the One
Hundred and Fifth Coast Artillery,
committed suicide at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel, Fifth • and • Mission \u25a0 streets, by
turning on-the gas- in his room. He
rented the room for 25 cents 'on Sat
urday.' nighf.and; yesterday afternoon
about 1 o'clock William Warner, the
bedmakm", found him dead, on the
bed, partly .undressed. Gas was escap
ing from an. open Jet. -He had stuffed
the 1 keyhole,- window- and bottom or
thp' door with wet paper and rags. A
pawn " ticket • bearing the rf name.
"Charles-Da venportrOne Hundred and
Fifth^Company. Coast Artillery," and
another' without a name were found in
his pockets. One was for a diamond
solitaire ring, the : other • for - a snake
ring. - His. underclothing was also
marked "C. Davenport." •
Victim of Carbon-Monoxide.
S. - A/ • Moss, a capitalist of • Mont
pelier, Vt., and owner of?, dredging
plants at Oroville, is at the, St. Fran
cis. - / • \u25a0 .\u25a0 \u25a0
Prince de Beam of, the French Em
bassy at Washington, who has been
"doing" Tosemite Valley, and other re
sorts, is at the St. Francis.
A. S. Lockwood, extensively engaged
in the leather business in Boston, is at
the St. Francis. . .
C. M. Oddie of Tonopah is at the Pal
ace. \u25a0'\u25a0
Herman Hillger of Berlin is at the
Palace.
Judge W. B. Gilbert of Portland, Ore.,
is at the Palace.
Rev. J. Kelly of Sioux City, Iowa, is
at the St. Francis. j
J. W. Walker, prominent in railroad
circles at Fresno, is at the Palace.
Judge Thomas P. Hawle'y of Carson
City, New, is at the St- Francis.
J. H. Follls and wife \u25a0 have taken
apartments at the St. Francis for the
winter.
FERSONAIi.
Have you ever traveled In the personal
care of an experienced railroad man, en
joying a Journey free from worry, where
all the troubles are taken care of in ad
vance by him and you have only to buy
your ticket and go?
On October 4 another of the popular
Santa Fe personally conducted parties
will leave San Francisco for St. Louis
and Eastern points. The Grand Canyon
of Arizona may be visited en route — that
greatest of all the wonderful sights In
America. Return, may be .had by an
other way if desired. Either tourist or
standard sleeping-car berths may be ta
ken. Mr. Otto Ludwig Zeus of the Santa
Fe. who- will have charge of the party,
will see that this Is made an exception
ally delightful trip. '. It is a chance to
visit the World's . Fair under the best
auspices. • "
Rates for the excursion are to St.
Louis and back, $67.50; to Chicago and
back. $72 50; New York and back,
$108 50: Boston and back. $109 50.
Full particulars -and folder showing
the route may "be had at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. Sleeping car res
ervations should bft v made at once. • a
Personally Conducted Party, for St.
Louis and .the' World's Fair.
Mitchell's young wife called at the
police headquarters yesterday after
noon to see Captain Martin, , but he had
left. She avoided reporters. -
Mitchell's story that he had a con
federate, who got a large share of the
stolen money, is discredited by the po
lice. It is believed he will not desig
nate the hiding place of the coin,
$2100, but will use. it to pay for the
services of an attorney. Late Satur
day night Detectives O'Dea and Mul
cahy found a bag containing. $100 in
silver under some Ioo3e paper. in the
cellar. They also discovered the suit
case which had contained the' stolen
money.
Detectives Dinan, Wren, O'Dea and
Mulcahy provided themselves with
lanterns and candles : yesterday after
ncon and made a search -of the base
ment of the hcftise where J. P. Mitchell
and his wife lived at 1537 Octavia
street. They expected to find some of
the money stolen by Mitchell on Fri
day morning from Clerks Flynn and
Hearney of the Central Stock /and
Grain Exchange, 20 Leidesdorff street,
but "were, unsuccessful. The search has
now practically been abandoned.
Four Detectives Thoroughly Examine
the Collar of J. P. Mitchell's
House on Octavla Street.
SEARCH. FOR HIDDEN* COIN*
PROVES UNSUCCESSFUL
McNamara is the man suspected of
having represented Wyman during the
hearing of the ballot-box stuffing case.
The "ringer's" name was given as Mc-
Menomy. but no one seemed to recog
nize him. .The man arrested yesterday
bears a strong resemblance to both the
"ringer" and Wyman.
As yet no charge has been placed
against either of the men, and if they
are. not connected with any recent of
fense they will be turned loose, or at
the -most escape with a vagrancy
charge. -
Two men were arrested while "work
ing" at the ocean beach yesterday aft
ernoon by Detectives- Ryan and Taylor.
The men have criminal records as pick
pockets and each bears so many aliases
that it is doubtful If either knows what
his real name is. Back of this arrest,
however, lies another story. One of the
men arrested is suspected of being the
"ringer," or alleged double, of Charles,
"Wyman, accused of stuffing a ballot
box at the last primary election by
voting under the name of another man.
1 Since the discovery of the alleged at
tempt at substitution in Judge Ca
baniss' court on Friday the police have
searched diligently for the dummy Wy
man. Yesterday afternoon Detectives
Ryan and Taylor noticed four men at
the beach acting in a suspicious man
ner. These officers attempted to cap
ture the men, but two managed to get
away. The two men taken Into custody
were brought to the Hall of Justice and
their names entered on - the detinue
book. They were not captured in the
act of committing any crime, and noth
ing which could be classed as plunder
was found in their possession, but they
will be held for observation. During
the course of the evening several per
sons . who had complained of having
been "touched", recently were brought
to the Citv Prison, but failed to Iden
tify the men. •
The names given by the two are Wil
liam McCarty and Jack McNamara.
To these the police add the aliases of
Henry Lee -and Plug McCarty to Mc-
Carty's name and John E. Noton to
McNamara's. Both it is claimed are old
offenders. ... - ...
SUSPECT HELD
BY THE POLICE
The object of the ball was for the
benefit of the sick fund of the Verein
Oesterreich Society and from the
number in the hall and the various
iorfeit games a good Bum was realized.
On one side of the hall was arranged
a grape arbor, hung with real grapes
and vines, the object of the grape fes
tical being that any one might pick
the grapes providing he was nor.
caught. On being 1 caught by the
guards who are on watch, the victim
was hustled to the pen, from which
he was released on payment of a fine.
This and many other games of the
fatherland swelled the revenue real
ized from the entrance fee. Dancing
and refreshments were provided until
midnight.
The eleventh annual grape picking
festival given yesterday at Eintracht
Hall by the Verein Oesterreich, Aus
trians speaking German and hailing
from the city of Vienna and the prov
inces adjacent, proved a great suc
cess. The entertainment started at 2
o'clock in the afternon and continued
till midnight. More than 1000 at
tended. The society is considering the
hiring of Mechanics' Pavilion for the
next annual event.
A USTRO- AMERICAN'S HAVE
AN ENJOYABLE FESTIVAL
"WASHINGTON. S*rt. *J5.— The members of
the Ir.ter-Parliament&ry tTnlcn. who have been
Jn Washington for several davs, left to-day ior
Kew York, where they will complete their tour
as the guests of the nation.
£IMCHAS TO RAH CALL. — Th<? Cremleux
I>ex5{re of the Order of B'r.ai B'rith observed
Eimckas Tcrah last nicht with an annual ball
given at tbc Lyric Hall. The ha!! was crowded
and the evf-n'.ni? passed pleasantly with dancing
end refreshments.
Nichols was in partnership with his
brother, William, a contractor and
carpenter, at 3808 Sacramento street.
He had become engaged to marry Miss
Maude Lerlie Sarle of 3809 Clay street,
but the engagement was broken be
cause Miss Sarle preferred an old
sweetheart. Lieutenant B. Wilson of
the Thirteenth Infantry, who renewed
his suit after returning from Alaska.
On August : 22 Nichols disappeared,
leaving a note that his heart was
broken and that he intended to com
mit suicide by drowning. Nothing has
been heard of him since.
Chief Wittman received a letter a |
few days ago from C. F. Cleveland, '
Chief of Police of Utica, N. Y., stat- i
ing that Mrs. Lyman Skellinger of that j
city was anxious to learn something of j
the fate of her brother, Nathan N. j
Nichols. Detective Cody was detailed |
to make an investigation, which he j
concluded yesterday. He could find no j
trace of Nichols. i
Police Unable* to; Find Any Trace of
Nathan N\ Nichols,* Who Dlsap-..,
. pcurcil August 22.
era division of the national organiza
tion Includes branches in New England
and New Jersey.
J "Captain Barrington" opened last
evening at the Majestic to ; a good
house and will be reviewed later in the
week.
"By Right of Sword," with Ralph
Stuart and his company, opened last
night to a good house at the Califor
nia. The play will be reviewed to-mor
row morning.
the biograph. 'The pictures showed the
flight of a balloon, its destruction and
the rescue of the aeronauts." -
SISTER MAKES INQUIRY
AS TO MISSING BROTHER
A man giving his name as A. John
eon was arrested by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor last night. He is under
suspicion of having stolen several hun
dred dollars' worth of merchandise
from the firm by which he was em
ployed. It is claimed that Johnson
had a confederate. The detectives are
looking for the other man.
Johnson's employers began to miss
valuable goods several weeks ago.
They hired a private detective to look
into* the affair. He found clews that
pointed to Johnson as the thief. Ryan
and Taylor placed their prisoner's
name on the detinue book, fearing
that if the news of his capture got
out the confederate would be fright
ened away. They expect to capture
him to-day.
A. Johnson Is Held on the Detinue
Book Pending the Arrest of
a Confederate.
ARRESTED OX SUSPICION*'
OF ROBBING EMPLOYERS
Constance Crawley is the handsome
woman who plays the leading roles
with the Ben Greet Company. Last
season as Everyman this splendid ac
tress won the highest praise from all
the critics and audiences. The part of
Everyman is a particularly difficult
and trying one, the character being
or. the stage throughout the entire per
formance with the exception of a few
moments. The part has one important
speech after another, and only an ac
tress with the greatest kind of per
sonality and magnetism could success
fully sustain the difficult role. Miss
Crawley also created a sensation in
"Twelfth Night," and her appearance
in "Much Ado About Nothing" is
awaited with jnterest.
Mr. Greet has a happy faculty of
discovering and developing talent.
Edith Wynne Matthison, who was a
pupil of Mr. Greet's, is now with Sir
Henry Irving, and among others who
studied under him are Mrs. Patrick
Campbell. Dorothea Baird, Basil Gill
and H. B. Irving. They are now stars,
and the time is not far off when Con
stance Crawley will take her place
with the best of them. The opportuni
ty to work under Mr. Ben Greet can
not fail to make a success for any one
with talent and brains.
Constance Crawley Pfays the
Difficult Role With
Much Grace.
Last Tuesday, at the conference at
Pacific Grove, Bishop L V B. Wilson ap
pointed Mr. Williams to succeed the
Rev. Mr. Stephens, who has been as
signed for the coming year to Central
Church, Stockton, one oi the largest
churches in the California Conference.
Simpson Memorial Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets, was crowded
yesterday morning when the newly ap
pointed pastor, the Rev. J. H. N. Wil
liams, conducted his first service in
the church. "The Conquering Christ"
was the subject' of "his sermon, which
was delivered in a clear, impressive
manner that convinced the worshipers
that their new pastor, like his prede
cessor, the Rev. John Stephens, is an
exceptionally strong man.
The Rev. Mr. Williams is a native
son and was born in Nevada City 37
years ago. At the early age "of four
be was taken by his parents to Eng
land and was subsequently placed in
Richmond College, on the banks of the
historic Thames, the oldest Methodist
college in the world.
At the age of 21 he returned to Amer
ica and served as pastor in Nevada.
Virginia City, Reno, Modesto and
Napa. He has acted as presiding elder
of Napa district for the last two years.
HANDSOME WOMAN WHO PLATS
THE LEADING ROLES IN THE
BEN GREET COMPANY.
Rev. J. H. N. Williams As
sumes Charge of Simp-,
son Memorial.
REV. J. H. N. WILLIAMS. WHO
HAS JUST BEEN APPOINTED
PASTOR OF CITY CHURCH.
A meeting of Union 003 will be held
at 915*2 Market street at 7 o'clock to-
Bight and on its adjournment a meet-
Ing of Union 19. to which the members
of 509 are invited, will be held in Crys
tal Hall, Pythian Castle.
Brief remarks were made by Robert
L>aurin. who presided over the meet
ing; R. T. Mclvor. C. S. Perry. B. G.
Hyden and Joseph Tuite. The speak
ers all applauded the Judge for his de
cision, which they considered as the
fairest that could have been rendered.
• The direct result of the decision will
be the making of a formal demand on
the Building Trades Council that the
delegates from Union 19 be seated. A
demand for recognition will also be
made on the Brotherhood of Painters
and Decorators. If these demands are
ret honored further litigation will fol
low.
The meeting yesterday was addressed
by ex-Congressman Julius Kahn, who
fully explained the nature of the de
cision and made valuable suggestions
to the members of the union as to their
future course of action. He was heart
ily applauded and his suggestions will
he followed out.
The decision of Judge Hunt dissolved
the temporary injunction heretofore is
sued and was a distinct victory for
Union No. 19 and a defeat to what is
known as the "Sheehan faction." Un
ion 503 was not directly involved in the
litigation, but its sympathies were with
the members of No. 19. Had the deci
sion been adverse to the latter organi
zation, 50t> would also undoubtedly have
been drawn into the dispute.
A joint meeting of Painters' unions
Nos. 19 and M3 was held at 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon to consider the
tveeat decision of Judge Hunt and
lay plans for future action.
The two Pucks, a boy and .a girl, got
the. glad hand right from the start.
The boy has a good, clear voice and the
girl was really clever. She gave some
imitations of Harry Le Claire's imita
tions. "Mrs- Rosenbaum, in the Great
Diamond Robbery" was the remark
able mimicry. Her lone joke, "We only
get 10 a week and cakes for this." was
given with the sang froid of a veteran.
John P. Kennedy and Carrie Reynolds
did some eccentric dancing, interspers
ed with nejy songs and moderately new
gags. The Carrie half of the team is
pretty and graceful. James, in a mes
senger boy uniform, and Bonnie in very
little pinafore and very > much black
stocking also danced and sane. The
new series .of motion pictures showed
how many tricks can be played with
The stars of yesterday's bill at the
Orpheum came on just before the pict
ures and the rush for fresh air.' They
are Urbanl and Son, "phenomenal Eu
ropean athletes," Urbani' is the ath
lete and the son is the phenomenon.
Think of a little fellow just about the
spanking size who can carry his husky
parent on his shoulders and balance
him on his hands. That's what Ur
bani's son does.
After all uncle is the leading man.
He is a sort of Sol Smith Russell. James
Herne-like figure, and but for his ag
gravating habit of forgivin' Simon Pe
ter, a rather lovable person. The rest
of the characters are bravely tradition
al and the slight thread of the story
heavily obscured by incongruous, but
sometimes engaging, incident. At
times the dialogue is quaint and Hu
man and the play mildly amusing;
Of the performance last night it is
not wholly fair to judge. They have
the Sunday matinee fashion at the
Grand Opera-house and yesterday af
ternoon "York State Folks" arrived
minus the scenery. Half past 2 o'clock
brought out an explanatory press
agent. Money back was generously of
fered, the discontented and the orches
tra worked overtime to amuse the rest.
By 3:30 the audience was invitinc one
another to pink teas and at 3:35 the
curtain went up. It went down 'round
about 7 o'clock, after a fusillade of in
quiries at the box office for the miss
ing.
The circumstances, it must be grant
ed, were not wholly happy, but the per
formance last night was perhaps less
joyful. It suggested irreverently that
the plentiful shavings of the third act
had been liberally employed in the
cast. Barring the uncle Ray L. Royce,
Simon Peter, James Lackaye, Osborne
Searle, Frances Young and perhaps
Eleanor Sidman, the figures are ! all
stuffed. Ray L. Royce pleases as the
uncle, in a gentle, drawly, sententious
fashion, something like our old friend
Frank JBacon. You can hear what he
has to say,- which is more than can
even generously be said of Mr. Lack
aye. Still, Lackaye seems compara
tively (with the rest) alive, and Miss
Young is natural and pleasing. as the
Widow Miller. Osborne Searle and
Eleanor Sidman have one minute of
pretty love-making. The. rest of the
York State Folks are only shadow
shapes when thev are not caricatures.
The scenery was worth waiting for, by
the way.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
UXCLK KEEPS THE SECRET.
As we were saying, however, the son
rebels. In spite of all temptations he
decides to forget father's parental
achievements and leave 'ome. Father
tears up the shavings in the third act
and shows him the door. But it all
"conies out right" in the end, though
not at all according to the parental
gospels of G. B. Shaw — among which
is the extraordinary doctrine that a
father owes at least as much courtesy
to his offspring to his_barber. The
trouble with Simon Peter Martin's son
is that he has fallen in love with Simoi»
Peter's friend, the enemy's ' niece.
(Even she tells him to "remember he's
his father.") But Martin Jr. has
gambled and involved the good old
uncle. Papa does not know this.
In "York State Folks" at the Grand
Opera-house this week they are chief
ly occupied in "remembering he's his
father." Father doesn't deserve it.
He is the boss curmudgeon of Mar
tinsville, as well as its leading wagon
maker. He insults the whole popula
tion, from his wife down, and when
his son rebels they have nothing to say
but "remember he's - your father."
Needless to say, the play is not by
George Bernard Shaw. While one is
about it "York State Folks" claims to
be a "pastoral play" and is by Arthur
Sidman.
The chairman appointed by the Sen
atorial district delegates was John S.
Partridge, Deputy City Attorney. Har
ry Hall was chosen secretary. John -W.
King made a short speech nominating
Senator Welch, whose election by the
delegates was unanimous. The neces
sary business accompanying the nom
ination was transacted, and after a
short speech by Charles M. Shortridge
the meeting adjourned.
Immediately following the Senatorial
meeting the delegates of the Thirty
fifth Assembly District were called to
order by John S. Partridge, the chair
man, and E. F. Treadwell was unan
imously chosen. After some routine
business the meeting adjourned.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
delegates to the Republican local con
vention met at Twin Peaks Hall yes
terday and organized by the election of
Vincent Dolan as chairman and Ben F.
Jones as secretary. The candidacy of
Fred Severance for the Assembly was
indorsed.
There is gossip in political circles to
the effect that Markey, the nominee of
the Union Labor party for State Sen
ator from the Seventeenth District, and
Mindhan, the nominee of the same par
ty for Assemblyman from the Twenty
eighth District, are to be indorsed by
the Republican delegates to-night.
In the Republican ranks of the Sev
enteenth Senatorial and Twenty-eighth
Assembly districts the earnest hope is
expressed that small bosses and politi
cal maniDUlators will keep hands off
and give the Republican leaders and
workers an opportunity to name the
candidates for the Legislature from
these districts. It is asserted that Re
publican unity and strength cannot be
promoted by fusion. The regular stal
wart workers of the Republican party
want straight out Republican nomina
tions, and express the hope ,that A.
Ruef, John C. Lynch and other non
residents of the Seventeenth Senatorial
District will not mix in and hand out
slates to the delegates. The districts
are now represented by Democrats, and
the success of a fusion movement would
not better conditions in a political
sense. Markey and Mindhan hate in
dorsed the platform and principles of
the Union Labor party, and it is argued
that they cannot consistently approve
the nrinclples and policies of the Re
publican party. The Republicans of
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
districts, however, insist on the right
of preserving their party organization
by nominating well-known Republicans
for the Legislature.
With nerfect unanimity the Repub
lican defegates of the Nineteenth Sen
atorial District met yesterday afternoon
in the Mission Masonic Hall and nom
inated Richard J. Welch, who has just
completed a term as Senator from the
Nineteenth, for re-election. Following
the meeting of the Senatorial district,
the Thirty-fifth Assembly District held
a short meeting and nominated Edward
F. Treadwell as its candidate for As
semblyman. The Thirty-second Assem
bly District, which with the Thirty
flfth forms the Nineteenth Senatorial
District, did not hold a meeting, or
ganization being lacking in the ranks
of the delegates.
. Delegates to the local nominating
convention of the Republican party,
who were chosen at the primary elec
tion on August 9, will meet at Pioneer
Hall this evening. Candidates for the
Legislature and four Judges of the Su
perior Court are to be nominated. In
several districts legislative nominees of
the party have already been named,
and the subject of ratifying such selec
tions by the main convention may be
introduced. In the Nineteenth Sena
torial District Richard J. Welch has
been renominated. In the Twenty
third Senatorial District George B.
Keane has received the nomination.
( VmflTessional Candidate Ad
dresses Meeting and Out
lines Plans for Work
Nineteenth District Again
Indorses Richard' J. Welch
for the State Senate
Clever Young Performers
Entertain Large Audience
at Noted Variety Theater
ORPHEUM SHOW IS GOOD
FUSION IS NOT WANTED
KAHX IMPARTS ADVICE
Judge Hunt's Decision Is
Considered and Approved
by the Painter's Union
Local Convention Is Ready
to Nominate Ticket for
Judges and Legislators
"York State Folks" Proves
Attractive Play at the
City's Large Playhouse
LABOR PONDERS
OVER THE LAW
REPUBLICANS
MEET TO-NIGHT
GRAND BILL
IS PLEASING
LEADING LADY
IN "EVERYMAN"
A GIFTED STAR
NATIVE SON IS
NOW PASTOR OF
A NOTED CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2fl, 190J.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS:
I'.Vf, ,
IF YOU ARE
LOOKING
For FUR JACKETS,
Or NECK FURS,
Or SUITS, Or JACKETS,
Or MILLINERY,
And some storekeeper, or professed
friend, should attempt to prevail
upon you to buy before nniiir
seeing our stock, take .11 II N I
our advics and : : : ** *^ il \u25a0
BSMEMBEB OT7B NUMBEB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN
All this month $i case off
on Vista del Valle Wines. • j
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tub Butter-Creamery Ib27}£
Sweet, delicious, cut full weight
French Castile Soap 2->
Lots of lather, rec'ly 30c bar
Boneless Sardines 22y 2
reg'ly 25c can, Ramel
Royan Sardines 12#
reg'ly 15c can, a ia Vatel
AsparagUS-Reg'ly30ccan • 25
French Peas-Reg'iy 20c can 15
Pimientos Morrones smi 12#
reg'ly 15c, 25c can Ige 20
Kippered Herring 20
reg'y 25c can, Moir's
Grape NutS-reg'ly 15c 4 for 45
Guatemala Coffee-reg'iy 25c ib20
Borax Soap-Snow Flake 7 for 25
Cleans easily, quickly, reg'ly 5 for 25
Cox Gelatine- 12#
reg'ly 15c Ige size
Tea-Bee Brand Ceylon
reg'ly 50c. 60c, 80c, $1
Special 40, 50, 60, 80
Extra Soda Crackers 20
3 Ib carton, reg'ly 25c
Bathroom Fixtures-
Complete Outfit
Whisky-oid stock 1.15
reg'ly f 1.50 bot, $& gal 4.50
Scotch Whisky-^12 year old 1.15
Distillers' Co., Ltd, reg'ly $1.50 bot
Golden Riesling-reg'iyiigai 65
reg'ly pts f2.25c doz, ats $1 doz
" 1.90 " 3.35 "
Porter-White Label, reg'ly $2doz 1.85
Ale-White Label, reg'ly $2.25 2.10
French Claret-itey 50 qt 5.75
Vin de Paysans, reg'ly 65c, $7 doz
CocktailS-Early and Often 75
6 kinds, reg'ly 1 1 bot
Port-California, Extra - 40
Health tonic, reg'ly 60c qt, $2 gal 1.50
Door MatS-Best Grade
Cocoa, steel, rubber ,
ADVEBTISIiafKyT& \u25a0 > .-. l -.-^ .--,-_-_ ..
In addition to pur already large stock, we are. now re-,
ceiving daily shipments of New Fall Hosiery and Under-
wear for Men, Women and Children from the best Eastern
and ' foreign manufacturers.
Hosiery
Soo dozen BOYS' AND GIRLS' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE: \
in narrow and wide ribs; in medium, heavy and extra heavy
weights; made for. durability, with double knees o D«J r
- and soles; all sizes..*. L0\* tail
300 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK, also OXFORD and SHET-
LAND COLOR CASHMERE WOOL HOSE; extra leneth.
with spliced soles, heels and toes; exceptional CA~ Pair
Ladies' Underwear Men's Underwear
6 cases LADIES' MACO COT- 5 CASES MEN'S NATURAL
TON VESTS, with drawers GRAY MERINO SHIRTS and
and tights j cream color; hand DRAWERS; medium weight
finished silk CA- V--1. and non-shrink- ICpfnnU
stitching, at .tJUw Eat 11 ing; all sizes .13w LdWll
3 cases SILK MIXED RIB 5 cases MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY
VESTS and TIGHTS: cream GRAY MERINO VESTS,
color, medium weight, hand with drawers to match: full fin-
S&aff $1.00 Each f:*£%m $1.00 Each
4 cases LADIES' EXTRA 3 cases MEN'S SOFT FINISH
HEAVY AUSTRALIAN AUSTRALIAN WOOL
WOOL VESTS, and SHIRTS and DRAWERS:
DRAWERS; natural gray, in heavy weight; natural color;
r".™"..:.:. 8.25 Each f.. 8 !!".-.!!:: $1.50 Each
Ribbons
We have just received a cases of our well-known WASH TAFFETA
RIBBON, in all the leading light and dark colorings, including
black, white and cream; 3 4 inches wide, at IT- V«*/1
300 pieces extra fine quality, very. high luster SATIN TAFFETA
RIBBON. This is one of 'the best values ever offered and
comes in browns, navys, reds, pinks, blues, lavenders, greens,
also white, cream and black; 3^ inches wide.... VnfA
400 pieces BRILLIANT TAFFETA and MESSALINE TAFFETA
RIBBON, in all shades and newest season's colorings of three
shades of a tone. The proper ribbon for hat trim- 3A_ Vat*/!
mings and the new girdle belts; 6 inches wide.... OvL lulu
UMBRELLASI ! 1 RUCHII6S
A 1 a r k e 3 eases off
stock or um- -j ' tha I a. t • st
HH& i&fototcU || =32.-2
covering*. > iy f?/7 /# # •» black, white.
Children's J Sl/l.*' *'J / Zrf. i rJr\. ' cr«am and
Glorias a t I i '£J*r~r£C&2 J -* *'l other col-
40c. 50c. 6Oc. //I/// # 2^^/ J /9 °-». 20c to
R.V. 8.V and ___ ' f. JJ ' tOc yd. Als.»
$1.00 each. 'otf$ HP0I *V}eA E^/ fit^ff^vC—^ - case s n°v- *
Ladles' um- v ,©% **> •>¥ * l l y *'^ v »
brellas from J rufflinga ar.d
75c to $15.00 pleatlajs ta
each. Gents' 4 4 4 . 4 *\ 4 r% a. f *. ±. black, whlta
ftSWw 1 HI to 121 Post Street. roV~T.
. each. S1.5O yd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. \u25a0
IB t III
WINES
DELICACIES
Telephone South 893.
Our idea of combinine a store
retailing the choicest wines and
-liquors with that disDensinz the
choicest and most appetizing deli-
cacies has met public approval and
the response has been something
tremendous. In selecting this
week's specials for Monday. Tues-
day and Wednesday we hope to
meet the public taste as success-
fully as we did last week.
PORCE p*r package 10c
The Food that Is «U Food.
Regularly 15 cts.
BREAKFAST COCOA,» ; -lb. can SOc
Lowney's celebrated brand.
Resnlarly 25 cts. • \u25a0
EELS IN JEU.T .car. 15c
Imported Pickled Eels.
Rerularlv 2O eta.
PABST malt dozen S2.00
Th« beat tonic.
Regularly $2.25.
CItABXST gallon 33c
A »ood pur» T»bl« Win*, well as«l-
Reg-ularly 50 cts.
BOCK AND SYS bottle 50c
A combination of fin* old Ry» Whis-
key and German j Rock Candy, rood
remedy for colds.
Regularly 73 cts.
Remember tha K«w Somber,
139 MASON STREET.
j _
ty Eyeglasses if
j At Moderate Cost |\
V 642 / Harke.tSt
You may be thinking of us-
ing an artificial food for your
baby. Try Mellin's Food ; it
is a proper food suited to the
baby's condition. It is not a
medicine but a true food. Let
us send you a sample to try.
MELUN'S POOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.