MEMBER OF THE' RUSSIAN ROTAL FAMILY. WHO WILL DIRECT THE I
CZAR'S MANCHURIAN ARMIES.- AND OFFICIAL, DISTLTRBER "WHO IS TO I
BE RECALLED FKOM THE FRONT AND SHORN OF POWER.
King of Saxony Is Dying:.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New Tork
\u25a0 Herald Publishing Company.'
DRESDEN, Sept 27.— There is a
distinct change for the worse in" the
condition of the King of. Saxony, who
is believed to be dying.
PROM7XEXT AMERICAN KILLS
HIMSELF IN PRUSSIAN TOWN
BERLIN. Sept 27. — A dispatch
from Strasberg announces that D. H
Goss, president of the American Insti
tute there, has shot and killed him
self. He left a note saying that hi
feared he was becoming insane. Th<
American ' Institute at Straaberg ii
closed.
D. H. Goss, President of Institute at
Strasberff. Xow Closed, Com
mits Suicide.
ATTEMPT MADE TO INJURE
HULL OF NEW COXNECTICUT
Obstruction Maliciously Placed on the
Ways From Which Big Battleship
Was Launched.
NEW YORK, Sept 27. — With the
evident intention of ruining the hull of
the battleship Conecticut, which was
launched at the New York navy yard
on Thursday, some person -maliciously
placed, an obstruction on , the ways.
When it was placed there or by whom
is not known, for it was not discov
ered until divers were sent down to
make an investigation. This investi
gation was made as a matter of pre
caution and naval officers were shock
ed when they learned that an obstruc
tion had been placed on the" ways that
would have destroyed the " work of
months. . "\u25a0
MEXICAN MURDERERS ARE
SENTENCED TO DEATH
State Department Receives Word
That 3Ien Who Killed Americans
Will Be Punished.
BOSTON, Sept. 27. — William T. Way
of this city -was informed to-day by
Herbert H. D. Pierce. Third Assistant
Secretary of State, that the Mexican
authorities had passed sentence upon
the persons concerned in the murders
of Way's brother, Clarence, and Ed
ward E. Latimer. another American
citizen.
The American Consul at Mazatlan
reports to the State Department that
Francisco Castro has been sentenced
to death: Hermola O. Torres, the Al
calde of Agua Caliente de Wac. the
town where the tragedy occurred, to
ten months' imprisonment and a fine
of 500 pesos, and Fidelio Carrasco to
eight months' Imprisonment Way
and Latimer were killed on July 19.
Special Dispatci to The Call
MADISONVILLE, Ky., Sept. 27.—
While a crowd of children were play-
Ing "hide and seek" at the home of
Leslie Childs of \u25a0 Oak Grove, his little
son, Roy, met a horrible death. He
got into an old chest to hide and the
lid, which was always kept ,up, fell.
Having a spring lock, it caught the boy
inside.
The other children searched for their
comrade for some time and could not
find him. They became alarmed and
reported the disappearance to his par
ents and a general search was made.
- " The father discovered that the lid of
the old chest was down, and upon ex
amining it found his son smothered to
death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept. 27.—
The directors of the Chamber of Com
merce took vigorous action regarding
three tourists' who defaced a rock in
the Garden of the Goas by painting
their names and addresses on its sur
face. A letter was written them that
their action was a gross misdemeanor,
punishable with fine and Imprisonment,
and, further, -that if their names were
not obliterated the District ' Attorney
would Immediately Institute suit.
As a result the unhappy tourists
journeyed back from Nebraska and
with acid removed the disfigurement
Colorado Springs was one of the first
cities in the west to fight the billboard
nuisance, and so far It* is the first to
punish the egotistical crank who de
lights in carving or painting his name
on public property.
Tourists Pay for De
facing Rock in
- a Park.
Sufiocated WMe He-
Is Playing Hide
* and Seek.
PUNISHED
FOR THEIR
VANDALISM
BOY HIDES
IN CHEST
AND DIES
Continued on Pace 2, Column 5.'
Continued to Page . 2, Column 2.
Members of Iowa Board Quarrel Over
Laws— One Seize,^ Ax and
Is Fatally Shot.'
MT. AYR, ; Iowa, Sept 27. — Samuel
Egly is dead and William Kling, his
self-confessed slayer, is ;in jail- to-day
as the result of a quarrel over? the
school laws. .Both were 'directors and
had met on school business, ,when the
difficulty ' arose.; ' Egly „• threatened to
strike: Kling with 'am ax* and the lat
ter shot him through the: heart. 1 "; Self
defense is the plea.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS FIGHT
DUEL TO THE DEATH
ST. LOUIS, Sept 27. — Four cars of
southbound passenger train 17 on the
St. Louis and Iron Mountain Rail
road, which left here last night for
Hot Springs, Ark., were derailed to
day near Vulcan. Mo.. 125 miles from
here, resulting in the injury of thirty
one persons. It is feared that several
of the Injured will die
Four Cars Derailed on the St. Louis
and Iron Mountain Rail
road.
THIRTY-ONE INJURED
IX A TRAIN WRECK
DECLINES PARTICIPATION
IN PORTLAND EXPOSITION
Philippine Government Decides That
Showing Made at St. Louis
Fair Must Suffice.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.— Colonel
Edwards, chief of the Bureau. of In
sular Affairs, War Department, reply
ing to an inquiry from W. H. -Hills,
chairman of the Government board of
the Lewis and Clark Exposition, as
to the participation by the Philippine
Government at the Portland Fair, says
that .-in view of the - great burden
caused by participation in. the: St.
Louis Fair, and the. money and effort
it has cost, the Philippine Government
feels constrained, with; much- regret,
to decline participation in the Lewis
and Clark Exposition.
GERMAN PRINCE MISTAKES
DUKE HENRY FOR PARTRIDGE
Sporting: Member of Schoenberjf-Wal
denburs Family Fills Noble Com
rade With Bird Shot.
DRESDEN Saxony, Sept. 27. —
While hunting partridge to-day Duke
Henry of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was
shot by Prince Othon of Schoenberg-
Waldenburg and wounded in both
kr;ees and one hand. Luckily the gun
was, loaded with only bird shot. Nev
ertheless the Duke will be confined to
a hospital for several days.
NFTW YORK, Sept 27. — Because a
young woman "with whom he was in
fatuated had refused to recognize him
\u25a0when they met in a fashionable cafe
last night. Carlo Frederique von Bau
ditz, \u25a0 wealthy young Venezuelan, shot
and killed himself in his apartments at
Hotel Hndicott. From a friend of the
f-ulcide it has been learned that Von
Bauditz had trouble with the woman
EeverAl days ago .when he met her in
company with another man. After a
stormy scene, the woman promised, it
is' Bald, net to offend again. Last
evening r.hile Von Bauditz and two
frien3s were at dinner In the cafe, the
woman and another man entered and
took f<?ats at a table near them.
The woman, according to Von Bau
ditz's friends, did not notice her ad
mirer. Von Bauditz became excited.
After reproaching her and causing
cuch a scene that the waiters asked his
friends to take him out of the restau
rant. Von Bauditz at last consented to
leave the place.
Soon after he reached his room at
the hotel a pistol shot was heard and
the young man's body was found lying
on the floor.
MILLIONAIRE TURFMAX
-\u25a0"' '\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 BELIEVES IN LUXURY
E. R. Thomas Will Pay $45,000 a
Year for Suite of Rooms In a
Hotel.
NEW YORK, .Sept. 27. — E. R.
Thomas, the racing man, has taken a
royal suite of rooms at the Hotel St.
Regis, for which at the regular rate
he will have to pay more than $46,000
a year.- The suite, which will be oc
cupied by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, is on
the Fifth avenue side of the hotel and
consists of salon, library, dining-room,
two bedrooms and two bathrooms.
The 'daily rate for the suite is $125.
It is probably the most expensive
and most handsomely equipped suite
of its kind in the world, and is pro
vided with every arrangement and
contrivance which human . ingenuity
has invented for human comfort.
Lady's Frozen Stare Causes
Young Venezuelan in New
York to Commit Suicide
BRITISH EXPEDITION
IS LEAVING TIBET
Regent Invokes Blessinj* on General
MacDonald for Sparing: the Mon
asteries From Violation.
LANG, Tibet. Sept 27. — The Brit
ish expedition to Tibet left L'Hassa
September 23 and is now marching in
the direction of the Chumbi Valley.
In bidding farewell to Brigadier
General MacDonald, commander ' of
the British military forces, the vener
able Regent invoked the blessing of
heaven on his head for sparing the
monasteries from violation and pre
sented him with - a golden . image of
Buddha.
Nicholas Michaclovltcli Seems Certain
to Be Named Armies' Chief.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 27. — Al
though an official announcement to
the effect is not expected immediately,
since it. will require some little time
to get Russia's second \u25a0 army in the
field, the designation of Grand Duke
Nicholas" Michaelovitch, the inspector
general of cavalry, as commander in
chief is regarded as practically set
tled. The situation at the front, with
two — and, perhaps, ultimately, three
—big armies is considered to demand
above all else that the supreme com
mander be of such personal authority
as ", to be beyond jealousies and the'
possibility of intrigue on the part of
subordinates, and such a man the Em
peror now realizes can be supplied
only in the person of a member of the
imperial family. Grand Duke Nich
olas is regarded as being extremely
well fitted for • this great responsibil
ity. . He will not rely upon a single ad
viser, but upon a staff comprising the
ablest strategists of the general staff,
who in reality will constitute a board
.of direction of military operations.
Viceroy Alexieff is regarded as al
most, certain to return here. The re
port that he . may become Chancellor
of the empire is exploded. He is more
likely to retain his title and come to
St. Petersburg nominally in the . ca
pacity of adviser, of the Emperor and
thus efface himself as a factor of the
military situation, in the Far East. .. \
The latest development in the. sit
uation* at the front is the definite es
tablishment of the fact that 'Field
Marshal >Oyama has .not begun to
move up his .left. . General Kuropat
ldn'8 report to-day shows that the
Japanese. have reached Davan, on the
west bank of the Liao River. A con
siderable concentration of Japanese is
observed at Slanchan, ,on the, Hun
River, thirty-five miles southwest, of
Mukden, ' and Japanese cavalry' is
massing in the valley of the Pu Riv
er.- The- latter is a tributary -of the
Hun,, crossing the line of railway mid
way between Tie Pass and Mukden,
and may furnish a. natural line 'of ad
vance from the west.'
'. Oyama's armies now apparently
coyer.,' a .front: of sixty miles for .en
veloping movements. His wings are
extended 'to the northeast and' west of
GRAND DUKE TO COMMAND.
The Chamois was 215 feet long, was
of 360 tons displacement and 5900 in
dicated horsepower, and carried a
crew of sixty-two officers and men.
She was buiit in 1896 and carried one
twelve-pounder quick-firing gun. five
six-pounder quick-firing guns and two
training tubes for 18-inch topedoes.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Sept. 2/.— A good big
purse is being made up by the sports
and dog fanciers of Portland to send a
consumptive dog to Arizona. The dog
is "Jim," one of the best known canines
among .sporting men on the Pacific
coast. His owner, James Kane; is in
Alaska, i
"Jim" is fond of . side trips. A few
weeks ago while between Portland and
Newport . he left the train and led
"Arizona Bill" Shields, his temporary
caretaker, a merry chase for twenty
miles. It was a warm day, and "Jim"
contracted a severe cold which later
developed into consumption.
Thomas Bragg, one of the big gamb
lers thrown out of employment by the
recent closing of gambling, starts for
Arizona -with • "Jim" October 1. The
dog will be ' turned over ' to "Billy"
White at Phoenix, and left to frisk
among the cactus. The purse jiow con
tains $130.
BRITISH TORPEDO-BOAT
DESTROYER GOES DOWX
Breaking: of a. Screw Blade Results
in the Loss of the
Chamois. ** ,
LONDON, Sept. 27.— The British
torpedo-boat destroyer Chamois has
been lost off the island of Cephalonia,
in the Mediterranean. All on board
were saved. While going at full speed
on a trial yesterday a screw blade
came off, pierced the bottom of the de
stroyer and she sank.
Raise a Big Purse to
Send Canine to
Arizona
GAMBLERS
CARE FOR
SICK DOG
GOVERNOR OP -WISCONSIN AND
LEADER OF THE ANTI-STAL
WART FACTION.
Ccrtelyou and Mr. Taggart are both
exercising a pause in Wisconsin. The
Republican factional fight in the State
has brought the national campaign,
so far as influenced by both national
committees, to this extraordinary pass.
-Ttrnsaxn there. h*s . been ; absolutely ,
nothing doing here." And this in face
of some spirited editorials in Demo
cratic newspapers that no doubt re
flect the opinion of somebody, labeling
her thirteen representatives in the
electoral college as "Wisconsin's vital
vote."
Of course this_Js rot, but nobody
who knows him will suppose that Mr.
Roosevelt, at least, views the inane
spectacle with patience.
It is this way — supposing you have
not noted it before: What the na
tional committees have to do in pros
ecuting their campaign in each State
they do through the State central
committees. In Wisconsin there are
two Republican State central com
mittees and it remains to be deter
mined which is "the" central commit
tee. Each represents such a following
as to enlist Mr. Cortelyou's profound
respect. And without regard to that
there are rules of propriety that must
be observed, even in politics, and, see
ing that the matter is in court, there
was nothing else to do save to do
nothing. The case was submitted by
the so-called Stalwarts and' the issue
joined by the so-called Halfbreeds
and the Supreme Court is due to ren
der Judgment to-morrow.
QUESTION TO BE' DECIDED.
The decision will say which of the
two factions is "regular,", is .entitled to
the name of' "Republican" and may
taJce precedence on. the big Australian
ballot. Mr. Cortelyou will then, know
with which chairman' he shall deal,
and to the address given will be con
signed such a prize lot of spellbinders
and such tons of literature as will
keep the political digestion sizzling to
aFsimilate between that and election
day. . . ,.
But the decision will by no means
clear up the situation' In this ready
fashion. It- all depends. 'S. A.
Cook, who is the nominee for Governor
on the Stalwart ticket, has announced
that he will abide by the judgment of
the court and If the convention that
nominated him was not the "regular"
Republican convention he will retire.
The chairman of the Stalwart commit
tee has said that such action on- Mr.
Cook's part would not end the matter,
but would necessitate the committee
filling the vacancy, as the convention
gave it power to do— but there are not
many who believe this..
On the other hand should the court
say that the Stalwart convention, was
the thing, as the Republican National
Convention said it was, nobody believes
that it would have the slightest effect
on the campaign of Governor La Fol
lette, except to cause him to hustle a
little more. This, of course, adds Im
mensely to the interest in the decision.
TAGGART, TOO, IS WAITING.
But why should Mr. Taggart hold
aloof from Wisconsin pending the set-,
tlement of a Republican dispute? He
is waiting to discover if Wisconsin be
a doubtful State. With the two Re
publican tickets in the field Mr. Tag
gart will get very busy in Wisconsin,
hoping to capture those vital 13 votes.
With the Stalwarts out of it and La
Follette left alone to confront his Dem
ocratic opponent, the Democrats would
make no extraordinary- effort In the
State. \u25a0 It Is reasonable to suppose,
therefore, that Mr. Roosevelt is some
what interested in the decision him
self, as well as all good Republicans.
And It is reasonable to suppose, too,
that a decision that removed Wiscon
sin from the possibility of a doubt
would not be displeasing to him and
to them. . '::-. \u25a0:: \; ;^
It is frankly stated that these con
siderations bring to the cause of the
Governor a heap of sympathy that
might not otherwise be on exhibition,
and, on the other hand, they work to
the infinite embarrassment of Sena
tors Spooner and Quarles, Representa
tive Babcock \u25ba and their -.. following,
BY S. W. WALL,
Stall Correspondent of The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— A dispatch to
the Standard from Liaoyang, dated
September 26. says that the crisis at
Port Arthur is rapidly approaching.
The speedy capture of the last line of
defenses is expected. The recent suc
cessful assault by the Japanese sealed
the fate of the fortress, enabling the
besiegers, to. mount heavy, guns. on hills
to the eastward, which command a sec
tion of the town and harbor. The.Rus
sian fire for many days has not been
as vigorous as usual' and it is believed
that ammunition, is scarce. The corr
rosp&ndfent confirms -tn£' 'reports -of
severe' bombardments, severe losses of
the garrison and the' cutting off of the
main aqueduct supplying the fortress
with water. , . <\u25a0•
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 28.— The
movements of the Russian Black Sea
fleet are attracting attention. The ves
sels recently suddenly sailed at night
from SebastODol and have not been
sighted since. It is stated that the
Sultan has ordered that a sharp watch
be kept for them at Turkish ports on
the Black Sea. There are suspicions
in some quarters that the ships will try
to slip through the Bosphorus at night,
when Turkey, in the face of the accom
plished fact, will be powerless and pro
tests from the powers will be risked or
ignored.
MUKDEN, Sept 27. — The Russian
cavalry west of the railroad report an
important Japanese movement and a
threatened attack. No change east
ward is reported. Four divisions of
Japanese remain at Bentsiaputze;
three divisions are supposed to be near
the iYentai mines and two others west
of them. General Mistchenko reports
that he. penetrated to the Yentai
mines and found only small detach
ments of Japanese there.
;'ST.:JPETERSBURG, Sept 27. — A
telegram from Harbin says a dispatch
has been received there from th-e isl
and of Saghalien stating that firing
was hear* at sea on Sunday night last
in the. direction of Cape , Aniwa, a
point southeast of Saghalien. - It is be
lieved that a naval fight was in pro
gress.
National Leaders Pow
erless to End the
Conflict.
LOXDOX, Sept. 28. — The Daily
Mail's correspondent at Geneva states
thnt Italian Premier Giolitti's pro
jected visit to German Chancellor Von
Uulow is connected with the cause of
peace in the Far East, and that he In
tends visiting all the European courts.
BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 27.— When Sen
ator Fairbanks and his party arrived
here they found the Republican lead
ers greatly exercised over the publica
tion in the Miners' Magazine, published
at Denver by the Western Federation
cf Miners, of what purports to be a de
nunciation of labor unions by Presi
dent Iloosevelt, and a denial of its au
thenticity by the President. The Pres
ident's contradiction was Bent to for
mer Senator Lee Mantle, in response
to a telegram of inquiry from him, and
tvas as follws: .
-WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON/
Sept. 26.— Hon Lee Mantle, Butte,
Mont.: Your telegram received. The
letter you refer to, purporting to be
addressed by me to Mr. Michael Don
nelly and printed in the Miners' Maga
zine of September 22. is, of course, an
absurd and impudent forgery. I have
written no such letter, or any letter
even resembling it to Mr. Donnelly or
any one else. I have written Mr. Don
nelly requesting to know if he has re
ceived any such letter and requesting
him, if so, to at once lay it before the
District Attorney of Chicago to find
out whether it is possible to discover
and punish the forger.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
The letter, in which the President
t\ as repa eswrrcg- r? tii <. r raarg*tny ar-'
tack upon union labor, was addressed
to Donnelly, president of the Butchers'
and Meat Cutters* Union of Chicago.
The document is given in full, with
President Roosevelt's name attached,
but without date, and it stated that it
was written in response to a? appeal
by Donnelly to him to interfere for the
settlement of the late butchers' strike.
The following are some extracts from
it:
"I stand ready to do as did my illus
trious predecessor. Grover Cleveland,
did. and assert the power of this nation
against all local nulliners.
"Last summer I felt impelled to
writ*; a letter calling upon my country
men to put down lynching. But labor
union terrorism and crime are as great
a national menace as lynch law.
*'I>?t me tell you the first duty of the
officers of the law. whether th^y be
Sheriffs. Constables, municipal officers.
Mayors, Governors, or the President
himself, is to maintain public order
and put down the mob with an iron
hand."
After advising Donnelly to put a
etop to th«i strike, the President is rep
resented as saying:
"In any case be assured I will keep
my hands off unless your folly brines
you into collision with the laws of the
United Ftates. when my hand will go
on in a way you will not like. So far
as I am concerned, you have barked up
the wrong tree. I am not to be either
wheedled or frightened into meddling
\dth what is none of my business."
KILLS HIMSELF
WHEN SNUBBED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— Having no
faith in the efficacy of Professor Do
yon's serum cure for cancer and ques
tioning the treatment given Mrs. Em
ma Rutherford Crocker by the Paris
surgeon and discoverer of serum,
George Crocker has begun suit in Paris
to recover $20,000 paid to Professor Do
yon for attending Mrs. Crocker, who
died in Newport, R. I.
Crocker's bill of complaint is ad
dressed to trie "President of the Civil
Tribunal of the Seine" and in Paris
the plaintiff's solicitor is M. Haquin,
while from this side the case is being
conducted by Coudert Bros. In posses
sion of the latter is a letter written to
them, by Crocker, in which he states
that in the event of the full amount of
money paid to Professor Doyon for his
treatment of Mrs. Crocker during the
part of April and May last, or any por
tion of it, being recovered, it is to be
turned over to the Pasteur Institute of
France.- Crocker is willing that the
Paris Tribunal shall .decide what re
muneration "Professor Doyon and his
assistant, Dr. See, are .entitled to.
Professor,<jpoyon b<*eame generally
4mown~hT August, ;-.>i8$9, -"when Maitre
Labori, . associate . counsel .. if ~Ca7f>tain
Dreyfus, was shot; at the. time of Drey
fus' trial. Professor Doyon, unbidden,
hurried to Rennes. - Dr., Paul Reclus, in
charge of the wounded lawyer, treat
ed Professor Doyon coldly and, becom
ing exasperated, exclaimed:
"You are simply looking for an ad
vertisement. I will not tell you any
thing."
Early in 1902 Professor Doyon's meth
ods were criticised in connection with
an operation, the claim being made
that -he was advertising Himself, as he
figured in cinematograph pictures.
In August, 1902, Professor Doyon
made known a treatment invented by
him for anthrax. Last February Dr.
Doyon communicated to the Academie
des Sciences a monograph on a method
of cancer treatment based on an in
jection of toxine microbe known as
M iccrococcus neof ormans.
Chief Executive Is Made to Say That
He Would Follow Cleveland's
Example.
Sequel to the Recent. Death of the
Former Californian's Wife at
Kewpoit
TOKIO, Sept. 28. — Unofficial esti
mates place the number of sick and
\u25a0wounded Japanese soldiers under
treatment in Japan at 45,000. The
military hospitals in Tokio, Osaka
and Hiroshima contain 10,000 men
each. Nine thousand have recovered
sufficiently to be sent to mountain and
health resorts. The system of hand
ling and treating the sick and wound
ed is working splendidly, and the
death rate Is exceptionally small. The
foregoing figures, of course, are exclu
sive of the thousands of Japanese who
are being treated in field hospitals or
are on their way home.
Absurd Letter Printed by
the Miners' Magazine
in Denver.
Paris Discoverer of Serum
'lor Cure of Cancer Is
Defendant
Figures Illus
trate War's
Horrors.
His Name Signed to
an Attack on
Unions.
George Crocker De
clares He Was
Mulcted,
Many More Be
ing Treated
at Front.
PRESIDENT
DENOUNCES
A FORGERY
FILES SUIT
TO RECOVER
LARGE FEE
JAPAN'S HOSPITALS
CONTAIN 45,000 SICK
OR WOUNDED MEN
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904.
. VOLUME XCVI— NO. 120.
THE WSATESB.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours endiar
midnight, September «8:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Fair; warmer Wednesday; litfit
west wind.
G. E. WXCLSON,
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Charge.
. THE _ THEATXXS. /
Alc*zar— "Soldiers oX rortna*."
California — "BTvSlrM ' of
Sword."
Central— "The Danitai."
Chutes— Vaudeville.
. Colombia— "Wizard of Oz."
Fischer's — "Miss Maxnma."
Grand — "York State Folks."
Majestic — "Captain Barriagton."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matlnea
\u25a0 To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
WAR OF WISCONSIN
FACTIONS MAY GIVE
STATE TO PARKER
The San Francisco Call.BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 27. — City
Trustee A. C. Maude died to-dav after
a protracted illness. The deceased
was a native of England and served
In the Union army in the war of the
rebellion. Hex was a pioneer in Ba
kersfleld.
Bakersfleld Official Dead.
Cattle Die From Neglect.
SALINAS, Sept. 27.— County Veter
inarian G. F. Faulkner, who has Just
returned from the coast near Pacific
Grove, where he has. been investigat
ing the reported existence of a new
cattle disease, says the report is
groundless. The cattle, he Bays, died
from neglect.
Becomes Vaudeville Actress.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 27. — Miss Ger
trude Holmes, a well-known society
girl of this city, has adopted the stage
for a profession. She .made her de
but at the Unique Vaudeville Theater
sit Santa Cruz this week. Miss Holmes
Is a prominent member of the San
Jose Oratorio Society, and pretty and
accomplished
DETMOLD. Principality of Lippe, Sept 27.
— Count Leopold, eldest son of Count Ernst,
the dead resent, has assumed' the regency.
' BUTTE, Mont, Sept. 27. — With a
speech at Anaconda late . this after
noon and two\ in this city to-night,
Senator Charles W. Fairbanks con
cluded his second day in Montana.
The itinerary for the day covered the
line of the Northern Pacific Railroad
from Billings to this point and the
party passed from the upper Yellow
stone country into the Gallatin /Val
ley, crossing the continental divide.
In addition to Anaconda and Butte
stops • for speeches were made at Big
Timber, Livingston, \u25a0 Bozeman and
Whitehall. At all of those places ex
cept Bozeman practically the entire
population turned out to welcome the
Senator Fairbanks Warmly Welcomed
Throughout Montana.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., Sept. 27. —
Colonel D. G. Colson, former Congress
man from the Eighteenth District and
colonel of the Fourth Kentucky Regi
ment during the ' Spanish war, died
here to-night- He was one of the most
prominent Republicans in the State.
SPEAKS IN MANY CITIES.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Tries to Steal Ride and Is Hurt.
REDDING, Sept. 27. — After being
ejected from a train at Cottonwood,
Elmer Sparr, a young man recently
from Oregon, sought to board it again.
As he ran along beside the track
ready to swing himself on the rods he
failed to notice a , trestle and fell
through it, a distance of twenty feet.
One shoulder was dislocated and he
received injuries to his head that have
left him in a comatose condition. The
physicians at the hospital here fear
that Sparr is injured Internally and
believe that his injuries will prove
fatal.
Oakland— V. hankin. A. Hanlfin. R. Schill
ing, AW B. Hardy C. "W. Hutcheson. C.
Cowan. : M. Thornton. E. • B. Roblson. C. T.
Besserer, Mrs. C. B. Irish. •• \u25a0
Miscellaneous— J. Cairns and wife, C. Cairns,
Nevada City; J. J. Saunders. Merced: Mrs. T.
K. Sebum, Riverside; W. A. Lewis and wife,
J.Merrltt and. wife "W. Foster. Petaluma; S.
Ginger, C. Ginger Uvermore; Mrs. R. M.
Saeltzer, Mrs. P. P. Bertram, R. M. Saeltzer,
Redding; H. L. Wright, I. Beermaker. J. R.
Radford. Mrs. G. R. Trenouth, San Jose; H.
\\V Pond,' W. O. Shreve. Alameda; J. N.
Saunders. . I. Bird. Merced; Mrs. M. -Mayfleld,
Lakeport; J. M. Gassaway. Mrs. M. M. Freld
enrlch, C. M. Ga»ley, B. I. Wheeler, M. M.
Freldenrlch, S. G. Gassaway, Berkeley; E. K.
Johnson. Pomona; F. E. Johnston and family,
Napa; G. M. Paurer, Pasadena; A. H. Biggs,
Sacramento; H. C. Dewey. Pomona; P. Breed
love; Riverside; F. Cothrlm. Sacramento; -L.
G. Hurlbutt and wife. Sespe; R.- Donald and
wife. M.-F. Donald. Birds Landing; G. Nolen,
Salinas; D. Engelhart Vallejo; Mrs. J. . C.
Heald. Nashville; W. R. Madden, r Dlxon ; H.
E. Harrison and wife, Woodland; G." W. \u25a0 Mc-
Coy. J.' Corrlgone Red Bluff; T. Wohler. Grass
Valley; Miss M. Roberts. Vacaville; G. F. Mc-
Donald. Vallejo: ' H. Bentley, Winters; C. L."
Smith. Nestor: C. Borden, Vista; W. F. Blake.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 27.— The following
visitors have registered at the Califor
nia building:
San Francisco— .T. T. Clark. I. E. Clark, Mrs.
A. B. Hussrlns, F. R. McAllster, E. Bradley,
B. S. Donahue and wife. L. A. Lee. Mrs. J.
M Foster, J. S. Bund, J. A. Bonquet. C. W.
Crew. L. Haas. U. P. Lelghty. W. Sandeen,
Mrs. M". Schrueder. O. Schrueder, A. L. Del
mar. V. E. Freeman and wife, P. A. Worm
ser. A. McAllster, Mrs. F. M. Goodman, Mrs.
E. A Sufridtce, G M. Beremond, A. JunK,
C. E." Baker, A. T. Johns. T. E. Wolf, H. W.
WUlia. M. M Liggett and wife.
Loa Angeles— J. T. Morgan and family. Mrs.
H. A. Lewis, L. James. A. H. Cutter, Mrs. C.
N. T Buckler, \u25a0 G. Rowley, E. S. Rowley and
wife.- V.- Perkins. M. Nebbla, E. Parker. T.
E. Shields O. J. Poschke. F. E. Browne and
wife, A. Bank G. N. Parks, D. Emmert, A.
P. Gill and wife, N. Gulllck, B. Emmert. E.
B. Horton. Mrs. J. C. Cowan.
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27. — Pension
Commissioner Ware to-day said the
cost of a service pension law such as
Judge Parker suggested in^Is letter of
acceptance would be from $25,000,000
to $40,000,000, depending upon the
unknown number of veterans now
unpensioned and upon the administra
tion of the Jaw.
"President Roosevelt's order," said
Ware, "simply anticipates by a few
months, .or a few years, what the vet
eran could get any way and the
amounts that are paid out by reason
of it, although difficult to compute, are
comparatively small, especially .In
view of the saving which it makes in
administration." Vls«5
Commissioner Ware Says It Would
Cost $25,000,000 to $40,000,000.
PARKER'S PENSION SCHEME.
VENTURA, Sept 27. — Advocates of
temperance here have been roused to
activity by the drinking habits of the
youths of the town. They held a meet
ing last night and decided there were
too many saloons in Ventura and to
day petitions asking the City Council
to close half of the dozen saloons here
were placed in circulation. Many
signatures were obtained.
Temperance Advocates of Ventura
Start a Crusade Against Those
Who Sell Liquor.
SANTA ROSA. Sept 27.— Sheriff J.
Bailey » of Willows, Glen County, re
turned to his home this afternoon from
this city, having in custody W. J.
Swift, a man who recently broke Jail
and escaped from' the Sheriff's charge.
Swift had cut the throat of a resident
of Willows during a scuffle and at his
trial had been found guilty. He was
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail, but he" tunneled from beneath the
walls and secured his liberty ; before
half that time had expired.
BUENOS AYRES, Sept. 27. — Not
withstanding the general feeling of
satisfaction in Uruguay over the con
clusion of a treaty of peace between
the Government and the revolutionists
eight revolutionary leaders, Including
two members of the family of the
late General Aparicio Saravla, have
announced that they decline to recog
nize the action of General Munoz, who
claimed to act for the revolutionists,
and that they will continue hostilities
under the command of General Para
pillon, with a force estimated at 6000
men. - ' ;
Jail Breaker Is Recaptured.
No Ptface In Uruguay.
WANT TO PROTECT YOUTHS
FROM EVILS OF DRINK
The deer Increased Its speed and was
soon in a serious predicament, for It
came to a place where turning aside
was well nigh impossible, for on the :
left was a canal filled with water by j
the recent rains and on the right was \u25a0
a tall barbed wire fence which extend- t
ed for miles along the Glenn Rancho.
The deer began a race for life and the !
automobillsts accepted the challenge !
by turning on the juice. In the first j
part of the race the deer showed up
to good advantage, but the pace soon
began to weary it. For miles the ani
mal ran, but its strength could not
last, and It fell to the side of the road
just as the machine was closing the
gap.
The tourists rushed to Jacinto, as
they had no weapon with them, and
told the Inhabitants. Hunters ; were
soon on the road and they found the
animal near where it had fallen. A
shot brought the deer to the ground.
emerge into the county road.
\u25a0WILLOWS, Sept. 26. — Yesterday two
young men from Willows, Lorenzo
Brown and Benjamin Hite, were rid
ing in an automobile along the river j
road near Jacinto, the country seat of j
the Glenn' family. They were greatly j
amazed to see, Just ahead of them, a {
deer leap over a barbed wire fence and j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
agency says: -
"It is learned on good authority
that- Lady Curzon has undergone a
change for the worse and that her
condition is critical." '
Latsst News From Wujmer Castle
Leaves Little Hope for Her
Recovery.
LONDON, Sept. 27. — A dispatch
from Walmer Castle to a local news
LADY CURZON'S CONDITION
CHANGES FOR THE WORSE
STOCKTON, Sept 27 — State Sena
tor August E. Muenter has been or
dered to pay his wife $200 per month
alimony, 5200 costs and $501 attor
ney fees. The order was made in the
Superior Court after a hearing at
which it was brought out that the de
fendant's estate was worth about
$14 5,000. Mrs. Muenter is suing for
a divorce.
Senator Muenter Must Take Care of
Ills Wife During Pendency of
Her 'Divorce Suit.
COURT ORDERS STOCKTON
SOLON TO PAY ALIMONY
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 27. — Walter
S. Melick, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, who has been se
riously ill for some time, left the hos
pital to-day and took the Owl train
for Los Angeles to be in attendance at
his mother's deathbed. His friends
attempted to dissuade him from go
ing, but no consideration -of his own
state of health would keep him from
doing what he deemed to be filial
duty.
Allow Sickness to Interfere With
Filial Dutj\
Official, Who Is Very III, Refuses to
MEL.ICK LEAVES HOSPITAL
FOR DEATHBED OF MOTHER
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— The fol
lowing Californians are in Washing
hipton: At the New Willard — W. A.
Tiley and wife. San Francisco; M. J.
Finkenstein, B. A. Babrosis, Los An
pples. At the Riggs House — W. H.
Hamilton and wife. J. F. Haskell. of
STOCKTON, Sept. 27. — It appears
that the late Senator Benjamin F.
Langford died comparatively a poor
man. At one time he was supposed
to be one of the wealthiest men of
this section. He was engaged in near
ly every great industry of the county
up to a few years ago. He was the
pioneer fruit grower of the county,
the great Langford orchard colony
being of his foundation. As one of
the original company manufacturing
a combined harvester, as a banker
and in many other ways he was sup
posed to have made fortunes.
Although it was known that his
holdings were considerably reduced,
the statement made to-day that he
died a poor man was received with
surprise. It is stated that he did not
leave even life insurance.
The remains of ex-Senator Lang
ford were taken to Oakland this
morning for cremation. A delegation
from Woodbridge Lodge of Masons
accompanied the body.
Pioneer of San Joaquin. Though Re
puted to Be. Wealthy, Dies a
Poor Man.
LODI, Sept. 27. — Orrin Davis, the
three-year-old son of J. I* Davis of
Wallace, was drowned in a spring yes
terday. He had gone to obtain water
for the house and fell in. His mother
was the first to learn of his fate.
It is surmised that the recent rains
made the earth around the spring soft
and that when the child reached down
to dip up the water he fell in and was
drowned.
Three- Year-Old Boy 3Ieets Death
While Doing Errand for His
Mother.
LI.TTIiK CHILD.;. DROWNED
IN WATERS OP SPRING
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27. — The
Government report shows that cotton
opened rapidly In all sections, prema
turely in Georgia and Mississippi where
picking is being pushed, but was de
layed somewhat by rains In Florida,
Mississippi, Oklahoma and Texas, and
scarcity of pickers Is reported from
localities in central and eastern dis
tricts. Reports - indicate tnat a very
light top crop may be expected. The
salient features of statements from.
the principal cotton producing States
are summarized as follows:
Georgia— Bulk of crop gathered and mar
keted In central and southern sections.
Alabama — Continues to rust and shed, but
these advers* conditions are not so general
as previously reported.
Mississippi — Open cotton injured ha cast by
heavy rains and boll weevils are causing
damage. In Southwest Louisiana worms and
caterpillars damage. Boll weevil locally nu
merous in one section and spreading In an
other. Crop deteriorated.
Arkansas — Very little shedding, but crop
made only slight improvement.
Texafc — Little injury to staple by showers
and the crop too far advanced for further
damage by weevil.
VERY IJGHT TOP CROP
OP COTTON" IS EXPECTED
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 27. — The
commissariat department is already
prepared to furnish winter outfits for
half a million men. About 478,000
sets of fur caps, cloaks and boots are
proceeding to the Far East.
Winter Outfits on the Way.
AUTO DEFEATS
DEER IN RACE
Reissue — Samuel T. Wallace. Los Angeles,
hoist; Joseph Weyland, Los Angeles, self
oiling plane.
\u2666 *
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27. — Louis S.
Slevin has been appointed postmaster
at Carmel, Monterey County, Cal., vice
John P. Staples, resigned; Ella Halde
man appointed postmaster at Hick
man, Stanislaus County, vice John A.
Dallas, resigned; Jonas Neum at Lau
rel, Washington County, Oregon, vice i
Finnia L. Brown, resigned.
I* C. Hall, George B. Collins of Eu
reka and^H. D. Wise of Oakland have
been admitted to practice before the
Interior Department.
The following patents were issued
to-day:
-Callforni*— Andrew IT. Andrlano and P.
Harbstritt. assignors Direct Line Telephone
Company. San Francisco, switching machan-
Ism for Intercommunicating' telephone lines;
John E\ Baker, assignor one-half to M. Ia.
French, Los Angeles, CaL, educational concen
trator; William O. Bell. Soldiers* Horn*, rule
holder; Frederick W. Boecker, Oakland, bed
or couch; John S. Brlgsa, Los Angeles, feeder I
for fruit pitting machines; William E. Brown, !
Los Angeles. Jar closure; Frank A. Bussa,
Alameda, device for preventing refilling- of hot- i
ties; Horace L. CutUr. Los Angales, hygienic j
appliance for mouthpieces; Isaac T. Danks,
assignor to J. Porteous. Fresno, automatic !
regulator for tteam generators; Samuel M.
Fulton, Pomona, pump head; "William J.
Hewitt, Del Monte, muffler; James W. Hol
lenbeck and W. E. Palmer, San Francisco,
guide sheave for hoisting apparatus; Rudolph
C. Hornung, San Francisco, trotting spoon;
Alex Ingraham and E. A. Stickney, Sacra
mento, combined axle cutter; Elliott G. Jack
son, San Francisco, putzle; Wlllard C. James, j
Cucaznonga, space economizing house construc
tion; Willard C. James. Los Angeles, apart
ment construction: Henry Kirch. Santa Rosa,
automatic road gate; Max Kolander, San Fran.
Cisco, assignor to O. Schmidt. Jersey City, ac
companiment guitar and zither; James Porte
ous, Fresno, harrow tooth fastening; O«orge
Rlschmuller, San Francisco, door opener.
Postmasters Appointed to California
Offices — Patents Issued by Got
. eminent to Local Inventors.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPIiB
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Russia's Bean Cakes Are Deadly.
CHEFU, Sept. 27. — Chinese from j
Port Arthur say that the battle which |
began on September 19 continued in- |
termittently until September 24. In ,
defending one fort the Russians rolled i
bean cakes down on the massed Jap- ]
anese. These bean cakes are very j
heavy* and are pressed into the shape
of circular grindstones. i
LONDON, Sept. 27. — A telegram to j
a local news agency from St. Peters- j
burg says a dispatch has been re
ceived by the official news agency
there from Harbin saying that the j
Japanese lost 1300 killed during the j
night attack on Port Arthur on Sep- |
tember 18. The Russian warships, it i
is added, rendered valuable assistance
in repulsing the Japanese. j
Thirteen Hundred Lives.
Night Attack Upon Port Arthur Costs
JAPANESE LOSS IS HEAVY.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 27.— The
general staff has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Sakharoff,
dated yesterday:
"The enemy's vanguard, consisting
of one battalion and two squadrons of
cavalry, has assumed the offensive,
probably for a reconnaissance, in the
district between the Mandarin road
and the heights of the village of Tou
mytsa. His advance was stopped by
our troops. The enemy retreated
along the whole line, pursued by our
cavalry. The enemy has not yet ad
vanced north of Davan, on the left
bank of the Liao River, but an in
creased force has been observel in the
neighborhood of Sianchan. Japanese
cavalry have appeared in the valley
of the Liao River."
Russian Cavalry Pursues the Retreat
ing Japanese lanes.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 27. — The Bos
ton Journal to-day claims to have In
formation that a gigantic fund of $11,
000,000 for the election of Parker was
released yesterday by the publication
of Parker's letter of acceptance to the
Presidential nomination. This fund
was pledged some time ago by eleven
millionaires, each contributing $1,
000,000, the whole underwritten by
August Belmont, J Parker's manager.
The eleven men who will be called
upon to make good their promises are
August Belmont, John D- Rockefeller,
James J. Hill, Thomas D. Ryan, Her
man Bidder, O. H. P. Belmont, Jo
seph Pulitzer, James K. Guffey, George
Foster Peabody, James K. Jones and
Henry G. Davis.
Chairman Thomas Taggart Is de
clared by the Journal to be authority
for this revelation to a delegation from
one of the doubtful States to him for
taking back funds needed In the pre
liminary canvass. This money will be
used to flood doubtful States with
Democratic workers, spellbinders and
cash. The sure States will get but lit
tle of the fund, but New' York. New
Jersey, Connecticut, West Virginia,
Delaware, Virginia, Maryland, Illinois,
Indiana and Wisconsin wll be flooded
with speakers and coin.
Money Kings Said to Have Put $11,
000,000 Into Parker's Fight.
WOULD BUY PRESTDENCY.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 27. — Reports re
ceived from the northwestern part of
the province of Shantung say that the
Shotuan "Boxers" are openly distrib
uting prospectuses, couched in the
same language as those circulated be
fore the uprising of 1900. These pros
4-
NOTHING REMAINS OF VAST
FORTUNE OP B. P. LANGFORD
Distribute Circulars Xaminjr October
17 as Date for Outbreak.
The movement of Japanese forces
on the Liao River, which was report
ed in a dispatch from General Sakha
roflf to the general staff on September
26, is all the more significant since
Sianchan is the starting point of roads
leading to Tie Pass, Aiukdet: and Sin
rr.intin. The {tnnouneement that the
Russians are fortifying Fakoman,
twenty-five miles northeast of Muk
den, shows that General Kuropatkin is
preparing to check the flanking
movement on Tie Pass from the west.
In case Sinmintin should have to be
evacuated.
The entire absence of news from
Port Arthur, it is feared, indicates a
closer blockade there. Hitherto dis
patches from General Stoessel have
been coming through semi-weekly.
The Admiralty has not received any
details of the reported sea fight off
Aniva, at the southeastern extremity
of Saghalien. The Vladivostok squad
ron, it is understood, is still in the
harbor. The cannonading at Aniva
was probably a Japanese attack on
blockade runners. 4
A telegram received here from
Batoum, reporting that reservists are
being transported along the Cauca
sian lines, brings the first intimation
that troops there are being mobilized.
There are only two army corps in the
Caucasus, and one of these apparently
has been ordered to the Far East.
»
BOXERS PLAN MASSACRE
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 28,2:03
a. m. — The telesrram to the
Berlin Lokal Anzeiger, reporting that
the Japanese had crossed the" Hun
River, fifty miles above the city, is
believed to refer to scouting parties
of Japanese, whose presence there was
recorded in the dispatches of Septem
ber 26.
Ilnssia's Main Position the Objective
of the Japanese.
STRIKING FOK TIC PASS.
The Association then adjourned until
to-morrow, when the convention will
conclude.
The report of the committee on judi
cial administration and remedial pro- \u25a0
cdure was received and laid on the;
table.'
C A letter was read from Sir Robert F. j
Finley. Attorney General of England, ;
ho was to have delivered an address, j
"depressing his regret that he was un- i
nbfce to attend the convention. >
'. The general council recommended !
that F. M. Huffaker of Nevada be i
'•fleeted a member of that body to rep
resent Nevada, that State not having
'been represented In the council for
"twenty years.. The Association ratified t
the selection of Huffaker. I
A lengthy discussion followed the 1
presentation of the report of the com- j
mittee on jurisprudence and law re- !
form. '
The majority report of the standing
c immittee on commercial law was also
submitted.
, "li is not for your committee to pass
Jcdszoent upon the merits of this war;
hut we do submit that the Japanese
tiaim is of a character that affords just
pround for mediation under the second
title of The Hague convention."
, The report of the standing committee
on international law, which was adopt
ed, briefly reviews the more important
•\u2666•vents of the year in the field of in
ternational law, concluding the review
by saying:
"The Unked States has done much to
promote the settlement by arbitration
of irt.ernationai disputes."
The' report discusses the Russo-Jap
anese war at some length, saying:
* The standing committee on jurispru
dence and law reform submitted its re
: <>rt, dealing with sales of honorary
degrees and combinations or trusts.
* When the Arsociation again assem
bled, Hfcnjumin P. Abbott of Georgia
\u25a0was introduced and made an address
c-a "To What Extent Will a Nation
f'iotert Its Citizens in Foreign Coun
ties".'"
The Association then listened to re
|x*ta of Epecial committees.
•ST. LOUIS, Sept. 27.— Th3 second
clays teiusion of the American liar Aa-
HOTifttlon was called to order to-day by
President James Kagerraan of St.
Louis.
After- a short executive session, the
t'-nerai sessiun was resumed and the
« ; i:nual address of the Hon. Amos
-J. Thuycr, United States Circuit Judge
tai the Eighth Circuit of St. Louis, was
Jc;id by Judge Franklin Ferris, also of
thits city. Judj.e Thayer was present,
bui owing: iu a heavy wM was unable
iu deliver the address himself. The
subject of the address was "The Louis
iana Purchase, Its Iutluence and De
velopment Fnder American Rule."
Following Judge Thayer's address the
session was occupied with reports of
Standing committees.
"At the conclusion of the reports a
lvcess v.as taken.
Lieutenant Governor Guild said that
no further action would be taken until
he had heard from Judge Phelps.
PITTSFIELD. Mass.. Sept. 27.-%Tua
tlce Phelps to-day was averse to dis
cussing the Gurney case. He said he
did not wish to be paraded up and
down the street. He felt enough of
this had been done already.
"If I find that I have made a mis
take I will gladly apologize," he added.
"I did only what I believed to be right."
The Assistant Attorney Genera! Informs m»
that If th« facts are aa stated you have In
your endeavor to enforce the laws of Massa
chusetts for the security of life upon our
highways committed In this particular case a
grave breach of international law. May I
ask you to telegraph me at once If Mr. Gur
ney was arrested and fined In spit* of pro
test. Other channels of redress are open In
case of the violation of Massachusetts laws by
the diplomatic representatives of other nations.
Therefore, if fine was Imposed and collected,
the commonwealth will apologize. The fin*
must be remitted and I need not suggest to>
one so ressected as you the personal amend
that you will, of course, desire to make to
Mr. Gurney for the error in method adopted
by your court In this unusual case. Kindly
forward me affidavit of the evidence of any
breach of Massachusetts law.
CCBTIS GUILD JR..
Lieutenant Governor,
Acting Governor.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.— The State
Department to-day called on the De
partment of Justice to take action in
the case of Hugh Gurney. third secre
tary of the British Embassy, who was
fined yesterday by Justice Phelps of
Lee, Mass., for contempt of court and
for speeding his automobile. It is ex
pected that Attorney General Moody
will send a special District Attorney to
Lee to. investigate the matter.
BOSTON, Se^t. 27.— A telegram from
Washington bearing on the fining of
Third Secretary Gurney of the British
Embassy by Judge Pnelps at Lee,
Mass., yesterday, was received at the
executive department at the State
House to-day. Upon receipt of the
dispatch by Lieutenant Governor Guild,
who ia acting Governor In the absence
of Governor Bates, he at once sent dis
patches to Acting* Secretary of State
Adee, who signed the telegram from
the State Department, and to Judge
Phelps at Lee. The telegram to Judga
Phelps said:
Sir Hubert Finley, Attorney
General of England. Unable
to Attend the Convention
It was to Webb Pearce of the Alame
da county display that the Texan un
bosomed himself and sounded the note
of warning. "You fellows out there
are going to ruin yourselves," he said;
"why, you'll have a dozen States pro
ducing all sorts of fruits and driving
you out of business if you keep on
showing yourself off like you are doing.
Look at the effect of your display at
the Chicago Fair and the stories about
a man buying two acres of land on
credit and asking for an option on the
Gould properties five years afterward,
and all off apricots or Tokay grapes.
Every State that thought it could grow
fruit began booming the industry.
Some people went broke, because their
fruit wasn't good? Of course, but that
won't stop them. You know the gen
erally accepted theory outside of Cali
fornia now is that if a sufficient acre
age of fruit trees is planted the cli
mate will change so as to mature the
fruit properly. That's what I hear on
the low down Is the secret of Califor
nia's good fruit. Just the same as the
theory that forest trees bring rain.
Oh, some of us fellows in other States
are getting wise and we are going to
break in on this good thing that Cali
fornia thinks she has all to herself."
"Well, while they are all waiting for
their orchards to produce, all we ask
is that they sen* out to Alameda for
their fruit supplf ," said Pearce. "We'll
try to lay up a little money from those
sales before competition kills us."
As a. matter of fact. Texas has com
missioners in California now and has
had at various times for. years, gath
ering all possible information concern
ing the growing of fruits and grapes
and soil and climate. That State is
working hard to promote the fruit in
dustry. Its display at this fair, how
ever, doesn't show it to be any serious
rival of California at present and one
of its representatives here has been
heard to say that it could beat any
State in the .Union in fruit growing
"except California." It will be an im
portant fruit producing State some
day, though.
There is a man in one of the Texas :
exhibits who has an original idea con- |
cerning the effect of California's ad- \u25a0
\u25a0vertising at the fair. Some original ;
ideas are novel and some are amusing, j
but his is both. He sees the same dan- j
ger to California from her advertising .
that some people imagine will befall '
the Caucasian nations through the en- j
lightenment of Japan and China. — a,
danger that California will be undone .
by enlightening competitors. His idea ,
is that California should practice the i
clam act, as against tbe rest of the.
United States, and not let others know,
of the profits from her orchards and
vineyards, so she can keep the busl- i
ness all to herself and let the other de
luded regions, with warm climates, go
on raising buckwheat and squash-
Texas in particular.
GALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, Sept. 27.—
Eastern Knights Templar who attend
ed the conclave in San Francisco have :
been prominent on the World's Fair
grounds since that event, most of them
huving taken the opportunity to "..visit
the exposition on their return home.'
The Knights have come -back filled
with, feelings of the highest" regard for
the Golden State and its metropolis
and they have made themselves par
ticularly at home at the California'
and San Francisco buildings. At both
those places it became peculiarly jio
ticeable that they refused to accept
any hospitality in the way of wines or
other cheering beverage, even eschew-^
ing the claret punch served at, the Cal- :
ifornia building.
"Why is it you people never \ drink
anything?" asked State Commissioner
Wiggins of one of the Knights, his cu
riosity over the phenomenon becoming
uncontainable. - "I never heard that
you had a blue ribbon auxiliary and
even if you never dranK anything be
fore in your lives, a trip to' California
should teach you that the vineyard
has something good to offer." •_
-*'Ah, that's just it," replied the
Knight addressed, and. his hand went
to his head as if in recollection. "We
have been to California. We don't
want anything more for a year. With
one accord, we all agreed to be good
after we got over it and started on our
way home. Place not tne ruby wine
in front of us. They bathed us in it
out there in California. Some of the
wet towels were only taken off as we
n eared St. Louis. We bad the time of
our lives and we are not looking for
anything more from the vine for a
while. When the Californians start in
to give you a good time they give it to
you and we had it in San Francisco.
Ice water will do us for a long time to
come. We all hope to go to California i
again."
Signs were immediately* hung up In
the State and the city buildings: "Ice |
water served here for Knights Tern- i
plar who have just come from Cali
fornia."
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Exhibitor From Lone Star
State Says Native Orchard
ists Invite Competition.
Federal and 3Iassac]msetts
Officials Investigating the
Slight on British Embassy
BEPOHTS CONSIDERED
OYAMA'S VANGUARD DEFEATED.
According to a dispatch from
Shanghai September 1, the North Chi
na Herald, commenting on recent oc
currences at Tamingiu, province of
Pechili, where a number of American
missionaries had to leave owing to
the threatening attitude of the "Box
ers," said:
. It ought to be mentioned that news ot
Such thraatoneil risings travels swiftly and
loses nothing during its passage. Its effect
many hundreds of miles Ul.-rtani lrom the
hcene of action has been immediately felt.
As we said in 1000. so again we repeat with
added emphasis, there is danger of a ««neral
conflagration unless the utmost .vigilance i - 1
exercised. Thtfse interested in preventing such
r.n outbreak, we remark now, as we did then,
will govern themselves accordingly.
TEXAS MAN'S THEORY
STATE TO "BEG PAKDON"
The La Follette men, the Half
breeds, must, in case the decision of
the court favors the Stalwarts, take
some other name than plain "Repub
lican" in order to get on the ticket at
all. So, in case both factions are on
the ticket there must necessarily re
sult great confusion which must in it
self cost Mr. Roosevelt many votes.
Should the Stalwarts take the place on
the ballot of the regular Republican
ticket and should they on the ticket
leave the place of the electors vacant —
a strange thing for a regular Repub
lican ticket in a Presidential contest —
how many of the rank and file having
voted that ticket "straight." would
turn to some other ticket to vote for
the Presidential electors, or rather, how
many would there be who would for
get to do so?
It will be seen that a nasty situa
tion exists in Wisconsin which is to
be vitally influenced by to-morrow's
decision of the Supreme Court to be
rendered on the 27th. If Judgment
favor3 the Stalwarts, Wisconsin be
comes a doubtful State. If it turns
down the Stalwarts it is not likely. In
view of all these circumstances, that
they will press their canvass, and by
a change of name still seek a place
on the ballot. The letter of Mr. Cook,
announcing his purpose to abide by
the decision, is accepted as an indica
tion to this end, although members
of the following are fond of saying
since its publication that he is not the
Stalwarts. Those who know who the
Stalwarts are, how that their leaders
are big in political Influence and were
quickly accredited at the National Con
vention and how they are deemed
among the | President's stanchest
champions, can nevertheless easily un
derstand why thev get but little com
fort Just now at Mr. Cortelyou's office.
CONFUSION IS CERTAIN.
j The Halfbreeds will tell you that
I the Stalwarts were mere bolters from
| the regularly called convention, and
j that : the. State Committee certified to
I its work, v The Stalwarts will point
you. to the decision of the national
! convention in their favor and declare,
i as they did to the . court, that the
: State Committee was not competent
! to -pass .judgment in a matter in
j which a majority of its own members
1 were personally interested. The
\u25a0 Halfbreeds will quote from the lan
guage of the chairman of the com
mittee of three reporting to the na
tional convention that their decision
had nothing to do -with the State
ticket and refer to the fact that the
contention in court ia predicated on
the proposition that the national
convention is the highest- political
power and the claim of the Stalwarts
that there is nothing therefore for the
court to do but to follow it in its
decision, while yet that convention
had refused to assume responsibility
in this matter and had practically
submitted it to the court for determi
nation. -
But whatever the judgment of the
court, there is no doubt that Governor
La. Follette, will go right along with
his campaign. Should it favor the
powerful faction of which Senator
Spooner is the leader, and thus leave
the two factions at active warfare
through the campaign, George W.
Peck, Democratic nominee for Gov
ernor, has better than a fair qhance for
election and Democrats even hope to
carry the State for Parker as a result
of the dissatisfaction and the confu
sion which will result in the voting
booths.
Senator Spooner promised that the
national ticket should not be endan
gered by the defection of the Stal
warts. He thought to keep his prom
ise by placing on the Stalwart ticket
for electors the same thirteen names
that were on the Half breed ticket.
But there is a provision in the election
law of Wisconsin, placed there by Re
publicans to defeat fusion, that has
remained to plague these Stalwarts^
No name of a candidate may appear
upon two tickets. The electors nom
inated by both conventions were asked
to designate which ticket they would
go upon before the people. They
chbse the La Follette ticket. Now,
if the Stalwarts are declared "regular"
and are given first place on the big
ballot two things remain to be done.
The Stalwarts must name other thir
teen electors and so divide the Repub
lican vote, on the national ticket, or
they must leave the place vacant and
trust to the election, by the aid of
their own votes, of the men on the 'La
Follette ticket, which, .by the decision
of the court, will have been declared
to be not the regular Republican
ticket.
known though they be as Stalwarts.
This fact — that the defeat of the
Stalwarts and their elimination from
the situation would be to the benefit of
the Republican national ticket — does
not of course argue one way or the
other as to the justice of their cause.
This is the -more irritating to them,
of course, believing their cause to be
just. Neither is, the question of the
right or wrong of party management
or policy a question before the court.
It is simply one of "regularity" —
which convention- was governed by
the statutes provided in such cases.
CLAIMS OP.THB RIVALS.
Mukden. Thus far the Russians have
found little strength or pressure from
the Japanese center. Oyama seems to
be moving with great deliberation,
probably gathering strength for a
rapid advance of both wings when the
attempt is made to close the net.
Although the imaginary line con
necting the extreme Japanese advance
east and west of Mukden still passes
ten miles below that city, it is evi
dent that the fate of Mukden cannot
long be delayed. If General Kuroput
kin intends to try to hold the city
fighting on his flanks will begin al
most immediately.
Vice Presidential candidate and his
associates and the exception at Boze
man was caused by a misunderstand
ing of the time of arrival. At Living
ston and Big Timber the school chil
dren were, marshaled for especial dis
play and formed a notable feature of
the meeting:.
At Bozeman the speaking platform
was erected on the street immediately
under the windows of the law office
of ex-Congressman Hartman, who was
one of the leaders of the Silver Re
publicans' bolt in 1S96. He listened
to the speeches from his window and
one of the things he heard was a de
nunciation of Senator Dolliver of the
Democratic party for deserting the
silver men at the last convention and
an invitation to those remaining out
to return to the Republican fold.
pectuses order precisely similar ob
servances and fix October 17 nexr. as
the date for the extermination of all
foreigners.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
State Department Calls on
Attorney General to Act
in Gurney Fining Case
liar Association's Committee
on International Law Dis
cusses the War in Orient
Returning Teniplars Visit
California Exhibit at Fair,
but Drink Only Ice Water
JUST GROUND
FOR MEDIATION
WATER WAGON
FOR KNIGHTS
APOLOGY WILL
BE FORTHCOMING
OYAMA'S ARMIES ENVELOPING
KUROPATKIN'S POSITION WILL
SOON CLOSE IN FOR BATTLE
SUPREME COURT OF WISCONSIN
J/ILL RENDER DECISION TO-DAY
IN REPUBLICAN FACTIONS' SUIT
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904'.
Gllroy; J. W. Jesse. ' Santa Rosa; A. G. Wil
liams and wife. Campbell; J. Mason." San
Diego; F. W. Bagshaw,< Mill Valley; C. A.
Coffin. Dinuba; Mn. J. . Q. White. Ukiah; L.
C.V Morhouser, San Leandro; . It. E. - GUlilan
and wife. Temple too - .
* City Official's Wife Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 27. — Mrs. Ma
ria M. Brown passed away at her res
idence, on South Davis street to-day.
She was the ':. wife of Councilman
George S. Brown of this city. Mrs.
Brown was a native of Ohio, aged 68
yearr
2
FREE i*KEE FREE \u25a0
TOBOGGAN
MAPLE -~ — — —
— — — , SYRUP
'. Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
. _ JNO^ J. FULTOX. CO.
Sir Knight
Win. H. Maneely,
32d Degree, of Mary Commandery,!
Philadelphia, Attends the Con-j
clave and Tells of His Narrow!
Escape From Death by Bright's i
Disease — Was Sustained by Ice'
Packs When Put on Fulton's Com-
pound One Year Ago.
Sir Knight Wm. H. Maneely of 1904
N. 17th st.. Philadelphia, a member of
Mary Commandery. called at our office
during the Conclave last week and told
of his wonderful escape from death. He '
handed his card and opened up the con- '
Venation by saying, "Do I look like a I
tnsui who was dying with Brieht's l>is- !
casp a year a^o?"
.Me stated that he had had both Briffhfs
disease and diabetes for nine years, and ,
B year ago was so low he could not I
epeak for a half hour at a time and at
times had to be put ia ice packs Dr
— . a leading physician of Philadel-
phia, at the head of one of the largest
Institutions, sent word to him that he
had had several cases recover under a
-medicine made in San Francisco called
Fulton's Compound, and he believed it
would cure him. He sent for it. and the
third night thereafter got the first good I
Fleep Jn many monthB. and improvement
rvas then gradual and continuous until
he Is now the picture of health.
He »tated that .Richard Filbert, an-
other business man of Philadelphia, had
recovered from Brlghfs disease and was
bo interested that he had probably given
over a hundred bottles of Fulton's Com-
pound to friends to get them started
••ind that he had -»glven away aver two
dozen himself; also that he had induced
a doctor whose wife had diabetes to pre-
scribe it for her, and that the doctor
4iow admitted that "a miracle was being
performed, for his wife was recovering."
He also told a trained nurse who was at-
tending a wealthy citizen who was fad-
ing away with Bright's disease. A month
later he called on Mr. Maneely to tell
him ' that tbe patient was so improved
and so grateful to tbe nurse that he told
"him if it kept up a year he would give
him $6000.
-Mr. Maneely also mentioned two resi-
dents of Kensington, a suburb of Phila-
delphia, whom he had started on it and
had recovered.
He added that E. T. Snow of 1816 Co-
lumbia avenue had told him that there
wore now fifty-two physicians in Phila-
delphia regularly prescribing the Pulton
Compounds.
' Mr. Maneely is well known in Phila-
delphia, is a thirty-second degree Mason,
end if anybody in the world questions
Cfcam facts his address is as above.
Testimonials like the above were never
known, before the discovery of Fulton's
Wonderful Compounds. Note that this |
single statement involves six recoveries j
among people of standing, all of whom j
Y.-i-rt .supposed to be incurable and
thtingbt.'tlicy had- to die.
..We again announce to the world the
curability of Bright's disease and dia-
brtcK in about 87 per cent of all cases.
Brpd for pamphlet and list of agents to
Ji«>. J- Fulton Co., 409 Washington St.,
Ei-n Francisco. , j
Wlicn to suspect Bright's disease —
Weakness or loss of weight, puffy an- !
kles. hands or eyelids, kidney trouble
after the third month, urine may shov* -
»> :-di men t, falling vision, drowsinesss —
cue- or more of. these. .• .. \u25a0."»•
APVERTIS-TiftrFreTS.
$6«OO>
OUR FAMOUS TRUNK
You can't beat it for the price
anywhere. Another carload just
arrived and we've several new-
numbers that will interest you
if you are looking for a good
trunk.
We carry a line of suit cases
and leather goods that can be
found only at
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell.
j * \' -
i£OH439Ia9 and
\u25a0
LEAJDLKO BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TH2
WKST.
Orer 24 Po«t «t.. San Francisco, CM.
E»Ub. 40 years. Open entire y w . d»y A nliht.
Write for rircular* (free). "* ou
"^^^jjS^JIi^s^ ne«s Collets ajid
Jft ! fe]JKB^^v School of Enyi-
U&l^ >C»-I^% a -'!V aeerlli ar. Oakland,
Et^j"^ \u25a0^'^'4 ifS,$%57?Ht best 'quipped (ichoot
l^£©^'^Hl^S5Cl of busln e'«'- shorthand
CjS~^7!^^i^Sv?Sl't * nd e "S'aeertns west
tififfi&t'^?i&*!y&ik^' oi Chicago. Perfect
j^V IB I**** H r '. *i climate. Expenses
- —^ low. Writ* tor frts
lCO-pajre Catalosne. . •
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladiM and
little Cirls. 7126 California street. Will raopen
August. 1. 1901. Accredited to th« unl»«riltl«..
REV. ED WAP. D B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
\u25a0 «m MUM mm mi mi ninaim mimim \u25a0mnnmn~ii "\u25a0Xeedlinm Kept Busy.
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 27. — Con
gressman J. C. Needham. addressed a
large audience at Corralitos last night.
George C. Cleveland, Republican nom
inee for Assemblyman from the dis
trict, also addressed the Rathering.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 27. — Congress
man J. C. Needham opened the cam
paign in this, county at Soquel to
night. He addressed a large number
of citizens in Odd Fellows' Hall. J. P.
Bassett presided. Needham spoke on
the issues of the campaign. He was
followed by George C. Cleveland,
nominee for Assemblyman. To-night
they speak at Boulder Creek.
Governor Fills Vacancy*.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 27.—Gover
nor Pardee to-day appointed Daniel
F. Adams of Dalpom, Shasta County,
to be Supervisor of the Fourth Dis
trict of -that county. Adams was ap
pointed to fill the vacancy caused by
the death of W. W. Fish.
LAS VEGAS, N. M., Sept. 27. — Del
egate B. S. Rodey, who was defeated
for renomination for Congress in the
regular Republican convention by
William H. Andrews, lias been nom
inated by the Independent Republican
convention and has agreed to run.
Will Run for Congress.
WhKreas, Since th* Messrs. E. A. and J. O.
Hajes have acquired the Mercury-Herald, some
thrca years aso, the wages of the printers
have br*-n increased twice In that time — from
yz M) nnd $:t to $•? r.0 and $4 per day— and
they have of thflr own volition reduced the
working hours from eight to seven and one
half per day. and that they (the Messrs.
Hayes) have betn assiduous In their efforts,
through acquaintance, personal contact and
mutual good will, to cultivate that friendly
Interest which ought to « xi.«t between employer
and employe: therefore, be It
Resolved. 'That San Jose Typographical Union
No. 231. In regular session, condemns tire action
of self-styl*d labor leaders of the J. j. O'lsrien
kind, in circulating, for political purposes,
unsubstantiated and misleading statements re
garding honorary members of this union, and
vi». emphatically assert that our experience with
E. A. Hayes, sine* becoming an employer
of labor in Santa Clara County. Is that he
has done much to -strengthen organized labor,
increase wages and shorten the working hours
in our midst: and. be it further
Resolved. That a ropy of these resolutions
be spread upon the minutes of this union; that
a "copy be furnished the Council of Federated
Trades, and also that they be published in
the Union Label ar.d In the newspapers of
ttw district. J. J. CRAIG, resident.
J. W. BOWMAN, Secretary.
Wbefeu. J. .1. O'Brien charges E. A. Hayes
with l.cinsr "the actual representative of tho
Citizens' Alliance, and with having- the writ
ten evidence of the sam», we Invite Mr. O'Hrien
to imxiuce any documentary evidence that
E. A. I!ay<>s is a member of any organization
in San Jose antagonistic to organized labor:
and.
Whcrt-a*. We are unable to find any news
r>ar f r, labor or otherwise, of which the said
J. J. O'lirien is, or ever was, editor, or that
he b»-VjnRs to any labor union in Kan Jose; and.
Whriea*, At a convention of the Union
Labor party hold In San Francisco September
15. 1904. one J. J. O'firlen of San Jose, who
claims to lie the editor of a labor paper and
a union man, made an unwarranted and ma
licious attack upon the character and reputa
tion as a. friend of orRanized labor on an hon
orary" nirmber of thin union, namely. P^. A.
Hay«-p, on*» of the publishers of the San Jose
Mrrcury and Evening Herald and a candidate
for Cengr»t-*man from the Fifth Congressional
District; and.
San Jose Typographical Union In
dorses the Course of E. A. Hayes.
At the Union Labor party conven
tion of the Fifth Congressional Dis
ttlct, recently held in Pioneer Hall of
this city, one of the delegates, J. J.
O'Brien of San Jose, made a vigorous
attack on E. A. Hayes, the Republican
nominee for Congress. The Typo
graphical Union of San Jose sends the
following statement to the Mercury:
RECORD OF .1. J. O'BRIEN.
Farmer Given Nomination.
AUBURN, Sept. 27. — John A. Liv
ingston, a prominent Placer County
fruit grower, was to-day nominated
by the Democrats of Placer and El
Dorado counties for the office of As
semblyman from the Tenth District.
The Republican nominee Is F. A. Dur
yea, who has served Placer once and
Placer and El Dorado once.
Costly Blaze at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 27. — The evapo
rator of the Herbert packing-house
was destroyed by fire this morning:.
The loss is $5000: no insurance. It had
just started up and had only ten tons
of prunes in it.
The committee_on platform and res
olutions, of, which Robert Corlett of
Napa was ' chairman, presented a
strong report indorsing Roosevelt and
Fairbanks and McKinlay for Con
gress.
NAPA, Sept. 27. — The Republican
county convention was held at St.
Helena to-day. Ex-Congressman F.
L. Coombs of Napa was chairman of
the convention and John Hunter of
Montlcello acted as secretary.
P. S. King of Napa, Assemblyman
from the Fifteenth Assembly District,
was renominated by acclamation. P.
W. Bush and J. L. Webber were nom
inated for Supervisors. The conven
tion then ratified the selections of the
district supervisorial conventions.
Name King for the Assembly and
Nominate Supervisors.
XAPA REPUBLICANS MEET.
In conclusion he. said. that his past
work' for the Republican . party would
assure him the aid . of the other . Re
publicans of California. in, his work for
this district He was frequently inter-
As for himself, McKinlay said, for
weeks he has been advancing . argu
ments of the principles of the Hepubll
can party and that many Democratic
papers have found fault, not with the
arguments, but because he was born in
Canada. The speaker admitted the soft
impeachment, but stated that he came
to the United States when , he was . 16
years of age and learned the painters'
trade in Michigan. He came to Cali
fornia and worked , for nearly, a , year
in San Francisco. He .then came to
Sacramento, where . he , worked at! a
shop on Third street.- , -
He said In the United States there
are now 7,000,000 men employed in in
dustrial avenues with average earning
power of $14,000,000 a day, thus creat
ing an immense output. The United
States was formerly satisfied with the
home market, but the time has now
come, he said, when we must dispose
of our product among other nations.
Our exports now are $1,500,000,000 an
nually, of which $500,000,000 worth are
manufactured products. A change of
the national policy at this time would,
added McKinlay, endanger this pros
perity. .
In regard to the Philippines -the
speaker said It was the duty of this
nation to uphold civilization there.
As to the tariff question, which he
said benefited the workmen, business
men and farmers, McKinlav said the
Republicans are not making an issue
of the matter, and that the Democrats
have "gone back to this issue which won
for them by luck in 1892.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 27.—Congress
man James McLachlan of the Seventh
California District and Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay, Republican candidate for Con
gressman from the Second District,
formally opened the Republican cam
paign in this city to-night. After a
brilliant, torchlight procession through
the principal streets an immense mass
meeting was held in the old pavilion,
which was attended by a crowd of
more than 2000 people. Both Congress
man McLachlan and McKinlay were
heartily applauded when they took
their seats upon the platform. Charles
F. Curry, Secretary of State, presided
over the meeting, and after a few re
marks introduced McKinlay, who was
greeted by a storm of applause as he
arose to sped%
McKinlay strongly indorsed the pol
icy of President Roosevelt, and referred
to the record he has made during his
three years in office. He spoke very
feelingly upon the death of President
William McKinley and the sorrow that
the sad event cast over the nation. Mc-
Kinlay was in Buffalo at the time of
the assassination of President McKin
ley and spoke upon this matter from
personal knowledge. '
McKinlay spoke with much enthu
siasm upon the canal across the Isth
mus of Panama, which will cut off
9000 miles of the sea route from San
Francisco to New York. He said when
the two continents were severed and
this canal was completed freight rates
to the East would be reduced, and with
the needed improvements in the Sac
ramento River completed, Sacramento
would once more become an important
shipping point. The speaker said he
favored the upbuilding of the navy,
which is now second among the nations
of the world in fighting capacity. He
also favorably mentioned the reorgan
ization of the army and the laying of
the Pacific cable. iy.'?'?.':
SPEAKS OP INDUSTRIES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I owe much to his magnificent ser
vices.. He came to me and asked me
to inspect every river in Northern Cal
ifornia. I am here to learn the needs
of the Sacramento Valley in regard to
river development and improvement.
I know of no section more deserving
of Federal aid than this valley.
"Mr. McKinlay. has accepted this
nomination and has a right to expect
the loyal support of every Republican.
If ever there was a man who has
earned preferment at the hands of the
party it is he. California has the rep
utation : of allowing, its leaders to go
down to their political graves without
recognition, and. I am glad to see a
"I remember when the line was wav
ering under the assault of 16 to 1 all
over th£ State in 1S96. It happened
that Southern California was the storm
center. At one time all seemed lost.
In the midst there came from the north
a young man who spoke in every ham
let and did more to stem the tide than
any dozen men in the State. His hands
and garments were stained with paint.
No man in those crucial days pointed
out the fallacies of 16 to 1 more clearly
than he. He recalled the days when
Republicans stood by principle. And
again in 1858 and in 1900 no man in
California did so much to strengthen
and uphold the Republican party a3
Duncan E. McKinlay. (Applause).
"I say with confidence that he has
no peer in the ranks of orators. There
are not half a dozen men in the United
States who can discuss issues as' clear
ly and intelligently as Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay.
Congressman McLachlan was then
introduced and spoke in part as fol
lows:
rupted during his speech with thunder
ing applause. - -
PRAISES McKINLAY.
CONGRESSMAN JAMES McLACHLAN. WHO WAS THE PRINCIPAL SPEAKER
AT ENTHUSIASTIC RALLY THAT OPENED THE REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
IN SACRAMENTO. \u25a0
MADERA, Sept. 27. — Eddie L.
Howard, the nine-year-old son of Dr.
M. N. Howard of Fine Gold, this
county, was accidentally shot last
evening by his 11-year-old brother
Charles. Charles was walking behind
his brother, carrying a rifle, when the
weapon was discharged. The bullet
struck the boy in the back, emerging
below the breast bone. He died three
hours late'r.
Accidental Discharge of Gun Cause of
Tragedy in a Madera County
Home.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 27. — The
entire roster of grand officers of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen
was re-elected for two years at to-day's
Fession of the ninth biennial conven
tion. Some opposition to the re-elec
tion of Grar.d Master Hannahan de
veloped to-day and Frank McManany
r>f Grand Rapids was placed in the
field against him. When it came down
to a vote, however. Hannahan carried
thf convention by a large majority.
Firemen Re-Eleet Hannahan.
NINE- YEAR-OLD BOY IS
KILLED BY HIS BROTHER
COMO. Colo., Sept. 27. — August
Johnson, one of the two miners im
prisoned in the Almaden tunnel by the
burning of the head house yesterday,
v.-as rescued alive to-day. He was un
* conscious when found by searchers,
but revived when taken into the open
air. Guy Miller, the other miner, died
of asphyxiation.
One Is Unconscious, But Revives and
Will Live — The Other Is Dead
of Asphyxiation.
RESCUERS REACH MINERS
IJIPRISONED IN TUNNEL
Copies of the booklet have been sent
to the State Board of Trade, the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee and to
the World's Fair.
It contains no advertisements, but
consists of forty pages and more than
a hundred half-tone'pictures of every
portion of picturesque Marin County.
It is very neatly gotten up and
handsomely printed, and is issued for
the purpose of giving the outside
world a faint idea of the beauties of
that favorite suburban section.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 27. — The San
Rafael Journal, published by the Olm
sted Company, has- just issued a sup
plement In the shape of a booklet, il
lustrated and descriptive of the city of
San Rafael and Marin County.
San Rafael Journal Issues Supplement
Containing Much About Suburb
That Is Interesting.
GLORIES OF MARIN COUNTY
SHOWN IN NEW BOOKLET
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 27. — Prices
soared high in the Oregon hop mar
ket to-day and the excitement here
and at valley points was Intense. At
quotations that ranged from 1 to 3
cents higher than at the opening
many bales changed hands. The top
price quoted was 28% cents. In Ore
gon. Washington and California It is
estimated the day's sales amounted to
10,000 bales. No such flurry has been
known in the history of the hop mar
ket in this State.
Ten Thousand Bales of the Staple
Sold in the North at Top
Prices.
FLURRY IN HOP MARKET
CAUSED BY THE BUYERS
The officers of the liner, however,
pave little satisfaction to those who
peek to show that Miss Dolbeer was in-
Far.e. John Hauser, the chief steward
cf the Fteamtr, which is now in port at
Hoboken, said to-day to The Call cor
respondent that he had been ap
proached by a lawyer, but that he could
not recall ihat MI?s Dolbeer' acted in
any way that mi£ht suggest insanity'
while she was a passenger. He re
ferred the lawyers to William Poppen
diak, deck steward of the ship, who
told them that Miss Dolbeer had con
ducted herself in a way that indicated
the was perfectly sane.
Harry Schander, an uncle of Miss
Dolbeer, who lives at Sacramento, and
other relatives, have employed lawyers
to contest the will. Hiram and Albert
Johnson of San Francisco are among
those engaged.
NEW YORK. Sept 27.— Lawyers
from San Francisco are now in New
York preparing to wage a vigorous
warfare in the courts against the will
of the late Miss Bertha M. Dolbeer.
who leaped from a window of the Wal
dorf-Astoria Hotel.
A special commission will come here
from San Francisco within the next
few days to take testimony with a view
to proving that Miss Dolbeer was of
unsound n::nd when she made her will.
The captain, purser, steward and deck
hands of the steamship Deutschland.
on which Miss Dolbeer traveled here
from Europe, have already been inter
viewed by a man who gave his name as
Stilwell and who said that he repre
sented some of the heirs who will con
. test the will.
"The Dingley bill was introduced. It
was a common thing at that time for
a grower to receive a bill for the
freight on his shipments — all the value
he received. I have seen fruit from
Italy discharged at Eastern ports by
the thousands of boxes. The California
orchardist had no chance competing
against cheap labor.
"When the Dingley bill was reported
by a Republican committee it raised
the duties on fruits over the Wilson-
Gorman bill from 80 per cent to 50
per cent. 'I' followed that bill to the
threshold of the door of the House of
Representatives. Barlow, who succeed
ed me, told me at the door that this
far you may go, but no farther, and I
had to acknowledge the fact.
"When that bill came up for final
passage the Minister of France and
the Minister of Italy went from house
to house begging the members of the
Ways and Means Committee to report
unfavorably, as its passage meant the
ruin of French and Italian vineyards.
And when Barlow's name was called
in the final vote he voted in favor of
the French and Italian vineyardlsts.
The blush of shame came to my face
as he recorded his vote against the
interests of California and against the
interests of its greatest industry.
"The same condition will soon prevail
again. The revision of schedules in the
Dingley bill must be made and who Is
to make the changes?
"I ask for a single reason why any
Republican should support a Democrat
under such circumstances.
"Your rivers need improving; the Re
publicans have the organization. The
majority. In each committee is Repub
lican. Do you suppose that a member
of the minority can obtain the same re
sults? I urge every citizen to cast his
vote for the man who represents the
dominant party which must provide
for the improvements that are required
and demanded by this section."
change in this respect. I can recall
General Barnes, Sam Shortridge and
George A. Knight.
"If it is true that President Roose
velt, should be re-elected, why should
any Republican cast away his ballot
and tie the hands of the President?
•'Ten years ago I was first elected. In
the silver flood I was defeated. My op
ponent went around and begged the
votes of Republicans. The great fruit
industries hired me at $400 a month to
stay in Washington and help frame
the Dingley bill. They could not trust
their representative, who could do no
less than be true to his own party.
"Every industry in California was
promptly paralyzed by the free trade
ideas of Mr. Cleveland. I remember as
I traveled through this country find
ing the storehouses bursting with crops
that could not be sold.
BILL. IS INTRODUCED.
The Johnsons, so-called, were peo
ple of tone and their neighborhood is
scandalized.
The deserted woman was prostrated
by the news, but her failure to make
any legal claims on her erstwhile com
panion is regarded as corroborative of
his private statement that he was free
to marry.
Last week he went to San Francisco
and it now appears that he took the
Horn girl with him and they took out
a marriage license.
STOCKTON, Sept. 27.— G. D. John
son, a handsome drug clerk, has eloped
with and married a pretty domestic,
Miss Carrie M. Horn, leaving behind
the handsome woman known as his
wife, and a child reputedly his own.
The Johnsons came to this city and
established themselves in a good neigh
borhood. He held a good position un
til his attentions to the pretty Miss
Horn aroused the resentment of his
employer and he Avas discharged.
His actions suggested that he was
intoxicated and he was carried off to
jail. An hour later he died.
Alcoholism, aggravated by the excit
ing wolf scene. Is given as the cause of
the young man's death. Purdy was
about 30 years of age.
James Jeffries, the actor-pugilist, was
appearing in "Davy Crockett." It was
in the scene where Jeff, his arm bared
and thrust through iron loops was
barring the Ingress of a horde of hun
gry stage wolves upon the fair heroine
and child. The scene was made real
istic by the stage hands' Imitation of
the howling of the hunger maddened
brutes. Roars of thunder and flashes
of lightning made it more thrilling.
With a piercing cry and with his
hands in the air. Purdy sprang from
his seat and before those in the ad-
Joining seats could go to his aid he
fell to the floor. Ushers and friends
carried him from the theater.
RENO, Sept. 27.— Elmer Purdy, a
cowboy from "Wellington, Nev., ended a
week's debauch In Carson to-night by
dropping over in a fit of excitement at
the Carson Theater. He died an hour
later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W. G. Williams is scheduled to -speak
on the date given at Redding, Frank
H. Gould* at Visalia, H. C. McPike at
Oakland, Thomas M. O'Connor at Sa
linas. Jesse W. Bryan at Martinez, A.
W. Warner at San Diego. A. F. Jones
at Woodland, William M. Cannon at
Paso Roblcs at noon and at San Luis
Obispo in the evening. Franklin K.
Lane at Hanford, Theodore A. Bell and
Albert M. Johnson at Sacramento. Wil
liam Gibson at Williams and James
G. Maguire at Stockton.
The Democrats announce that this
general engagement plan will be kept
up until the call to polls is sounded
on election day.
The work of starting the Bourbon
spell-binders on their travels through
the state for Parker and Davis is pro
gressing rapidly at Democratic head
quarters. It was announced last even
ing that Thomas J. Geary would open
the campaign at" Eureka on Friday
evening next. On the same evening
William A. Kelly and Thomas M.
O'Connor will open on the voters of
Vallejo. The following day, October 1,
is reserved for the grand assault, when
no less than fourteen campaign bon
fires, including that at the Alhambra,
will blaze while orators orate.
Democrats of the city are busy pre
paring for the mass meeting to be fteld
at the Alhambra Theater next Satur
day evening. United States Senator
Francis G. Newlands of Nevada will
be the principal speaker of the evening.
Though he is not noted for his elo
quence, Mr. Newlands is an interest
ing speaker. Doubtless he will give
the people of California an illustration
or the logic that won for him the sup
port of the Nevadans and a seat in the
upper house of Congress.
Joseph S. Tobin, who is still strong
in the affections of the local Democ
racy, has been selected to preside at
the meeting. Without doubt Mr. Tobin
will see to it that the speakers are
properly introduced and the band and
the Parker and Davis Glee Club given
the signal at opportune moments to
contribute a little vote-winning music
to keep the enthusiasm at the flood.
Several interesting features are prom
ised for Saturday night and a few glad
hours are assured the adherents of
the minority party who are invited to
come and bring their friends.
DEMOCRATIC PROGRAMME.
In the several Congressional districts
the Republicans are conducting an en
ergetic and winning campaign. In the
Second District Duncan K. AIcKinlaj
and James A. McLachlan are address
ing vast audiences. They spoke to the
citizens of Sacramento last night and
thijftvening they will speak to the peo
ple'St Colusa. Next Thursday evening
they will be in Woodland.
KXEUGISTIC CAMPAIGNING.
General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State organization,
and the members of the execu
tive committee are highly grat
ified over the reports received from
various sections of the State. The re
sults in the line of registration are not
in any sense disappointing. In fact,
Republican registration is up to the
mark. The falling off is in Democratic
strongholds. Careful and effectiva
work in the direction of bringing un
registered voters to enrollment has
produced a happy result.
Preparations are in progress for a
great demonstration at the Mechanics'
Pavilion on the occasion of the mass
meeting next Monday evening. Charles
W. Fairbanks, the Republican nominee
fur Vice President, and the eloquent
Senator Dolliver of Iowa will address
the people of San Francisco. There arc
indications that the spacious pavilion
will be crowded with interested and en
thusiastic voters.
gj-ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steamship and Hotel People's
Testimony to Be Taken by
Commission of This City
When Champion Bares Arm
and Uses It as a Door
Bar Herder Falls to Floor
Democrats Will Hold Mass
Meeting at the Alhambra
on Next Saturday Night
Handsome Dispenser of Pills
and Medicines Scandalizes
the People of Slough City
MARRIES THE DOMESTIC
INSANITY IS ALLEGED
MONDAY EVENING, OCT. 3
DIES FROM THE SHOCK
Roosevelt's Running Mate
and U. S. Senator Dolliver
Will Speak at Pavilion
Nevada Man Unable to Stand
a Scene in Which Pugilist
Saves Heroine From Wolves
San Francisco Lawyers Are
in New York Prepared
to Fight the Testament
Drug Clerk Leaves Woman
Supposed to Ee His Wife
for the Love of a Servant
DOLBEER WILL
CASE IN COURT
PREPARATIONS
FOR BIG RALLY
ELOPES WITH
STOCKTON GIRL
JEFF'S ACTING
KILLS COWBOY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 28, 1901
Representative McLachlan and Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay, Congressional/Nominee of the Sec
• ond District, Arouse Enthusiasm of Voters
GREAT PARTY SPIRIT DISPLAYED
BY REPUBLICANS OF SACRAMENTO
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REDUCED RATES
T O '
YOSEMITE
VALLEY
Round trip ticket *
includes visit to 7
California Big t
Trees, meals and *
lodgings at first- -f
class hotels, and
carriage drives to
all principal points
of interest, such as
Vernal Falls, Ne- >'
vada Falls, Glacier %
Point, Mirror Lake, #>
etc. Reduced rates
in force until Oc- ' 4
tober 13, but you *
should f
Ask About It To-Day
Office, 613 Market St.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S*ffi)k ?">v Steamers leava Broadway
/ov^^SiV 'wnarves (piers 9 and 11>.
/•V^^ £an FrancUco:
/^/ T^y^» V*\ *" or Ketchikan. Wrangel.
I I Vfc^Sa 1 I Jun*au. Haines. Ska*-way.
I I \l^e!l / / *tc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\«\ xT^Vrtl 12 ' n - Zl ' October 2-
Y*SiOI Change to this company's
n5a»«»«v''./ steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, VancouTtr.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anac?rtes, Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17.
' 22. 27, Octobf f 2. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13. 10, 25. October 1; Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 16. 22. 2S. October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angelea and
HedonOn), San Diego and Saata Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. !» a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro aad Bast
San P?dr<->). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Stmeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis nblrro), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20. 28. October «.
Cocs Bay. 0 a. m.. Sept. 8. 18. 24. October 2.
For Ensinaria. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas.. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. a.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OPTXC33S— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad.
way wharves. Freight Offlca 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANS. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St.. ,wtll
call' tor and check baggage, from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO>
Steamers will leave Pacific Mall wharf, cor-
ner First end Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting »- at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARC
Wednerday. October 19. 190«
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For fretrht and passage apply at Com-
pany's oftlcc. 421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Occanic5.5.co. a«3
S B SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Aucfc-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 p.m.
S 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 8. It a-m.
B.S'. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a. m.
I D.SMCKELSkBK01 Cd, UH,IlclBtJlfflaW3Iir-
hL FrcigHt Qfflcs 329 Martet si, Pisr 7, Pacfls St.
C0KFAS5U OIKSaiLE TKIXSATLAKTIQIH.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS 4****
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pter 42. -"\u25a0 )m "
North River, foot of Morton st.
First clasa to Havre. $70 and uP w »f 1 -_2*°-
nnd class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN1>
CAVADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
NewYork. J- *". FUGAZI fc CO.. Pacific OMst
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket A««nt«.
To TJ. S. Wavy Tard and T»U«Jo.
Etmrs, General Frisbie.Montlcell© and Arrow,
9-45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6. 8:3O p. m. (ex^Sun.):
Sundays. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m Lear. Valleja
7 0 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m (ex. Sun.): Sua-
day§ 7 a. m. 4:15 P- m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
slon street; phone Main 1508. HATCH BRO3.
To "0. S. Havy Tard and TaQaio.
Str H J. CORCOCAN leaves S. F.. Clay st..
V end of Ferry .bldsr. daily 9:30 a. m.. 3 aad
•8 p m. Sundays. 9:30 a. m., 8 p. or.-. Ieav*
Vallejo dally 6:50 a. m.. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m.
Sundays 5 p. ra. Far* 25c. P. A. O. Cb.
tftone Main 641. •Saturdays cutyUd,
A gross deception is being practiced upon the public
by unscrupulous parties who have placed on the
; . market cheap substitutes for Ghirardelli's Ground
Chocolate and Ghhrardelli's Breakfast* Cocoa. These
lHuXaiionSy vvdicq are 01 a very inienor graoe to tee
... original, are being handled by unprincipled grocers
—————— for the sake of greater profit. Suit* has been insti-
«^ vfe att «%. ft tnted against* the imitators, and the public is respect-
fm B« £3k 1 j Us
P S%0 Jr&> %J SJr # fully warned against* being inveigled into purchasing
' ' ' :; : '••\u25a0'\u25a0 - ' these preparations which are in no way comparable
™™ H ™ I ™ IH^™™™^ H ™" to the high standard of excellence which has dis-
tinguished D. Ghirardelli's Chocolates and Cocoas
for over half a century.
Insist on having the original and genuine
D. Ghirardelli's Chocolate and Cocoa,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lm ( fA
Tho cure of Dr. M. L. Banks of Colum-
bia. Mississippi, whose picture appears
at the top of this article, was a triumph
for the Elcotro-Ch^mie treatment which
cannot fail to Impress all thinking peo-
ple. Dr. .R.-snks had undergone two sur-
pical operations for cancer, which liad
attacked the left side of his face 4ind
* jaw. but aftrr each operation there was
« quick return of the cancerous srowth.
Dr. Banks was cured by the Electro-
Chemic treatment three years ago and
tkere is 410 doubt in the world but that
• liis fure is a permanent one. The cure
• of Mrs. \Yilliani Barnes of Blacks. Cal..
«>£ a cancer of the breast is another no-
table friFtaiiee of the womlorful curative
effects of the Klectro-C'hem'lc treatment
in canr^r.
I The Electro-Chemic specialists invite
• all sufferers, no mutter what their trou-
IV'le may'be. to come to them for a thor-
'•u?h Electro-Chemic X-Ray examlna-
lion, free of cfiarpe. The diseases in
which the Eleelro-Chcmic treatment is
repecbdly curative are cancer. consum;>-
\u25a0tior: catarrh, asthma, bronchitis, rheu-
%natism. neuralgia. Uicomotor ataxia. pa-
ralysis. faUinpr sickness, epilepsy, dizzi-
ness, lvradaches. spots before the eyes,
piles, fissure, fistula, stricture, prostatl-
tis.^ varlcocele. nerve exhaustion, weak
heart* palpitation, shortness of breath,
* Insomnia, blood poison, skin diseases,
oczejha. goitre, swollen joints, weak
bacl;. .kidney diseases, bladder diseases,
Brirrhfs disease, diabetes, special dis-
eases ; of* women — irregularities, mis-
placements, ovarian 'pains, etc.. etc. Per-
sons livir.p at a distance should come
for a personal examination when possi-
ble. Those v.ho cannot come should write
p full description of their general symp-
foms and full instructions will -be. for-
warded for home examination and treat-
ment. .Separate* and private apartments
have been s^t aside in the Institute for
the accommodation of the male and fe-
male paJi^nts.
The. E'ectro-Chemic Institute is cen-
.trally located at I IS Grant avenue, cor-
ner of Post street, and the office hours
j .ire from 9 in the raorninp until 5 in the
afternoon find from 7 to 8 every day in ;
the wek. and on Sundays from 10 in the,
morning until 1 in the afternoon. Con-
sultation and examination are free to all.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSED
Catalogue and Frice Lists Mailed
on Application.
FREES AXTO SALT HEATS.
fIS RflVFS & CO ehippJns Butcher*. 108
lAw. DUICJ U \AS. clay. TeL M*ln <294.
LSAKY KOOFS AXTD SKYLIGHTS.
*}\ kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Worlai,
1176-I17S Mieslon ft. Phone Main 6<BL
ores.
t,UBRICATTXG OIL6: LEONARD & ELX.I3.
«18 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PEI3TWQ.
Lf HFfiHFS PRINTER.
V. LIUQE3) tn £uucmt it., a. r.
DR. KILMER'S SWA31P-ROOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER .
. TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Hill.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. th« *rea1
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish la
promptly .curing kidney, bladder and
uric acid troubles, rheumatism aad pain
lri the back. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain in passing It. 01
bad effects following use of liquor, win"
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is aoon
realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the- most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended foi
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric add trouble you will find
It just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by. druggists la flf-
ty-cent and one-dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this great kidney
remedy, Swamp-Root, and a book that
tells all about It and its great cures, both
sent absolutely free by mall. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. T. When
writing be sure to mention that you
read this generous offer In The San
Francisco Daily Call. Don't make any
mistake, but reinember the name,
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Binghamton. N. T., on
every bottle.assistant superintendent of
jut>son iron works who
died in Oakland.
WASHI2SK3TON, Sept 27.— The
following. named officers of the corps
of engineers are relieved from duty in
the Philippines division and will pro
ceed to San Francisco, Cal., and upon
arrival here report by telegraph to
the military secretary for further In
structions: First Lieutenant Douglas
Mac Arthur, First Lieutenant Charles
T. Leeds, First Lieutenant Harold C.
Fiske, First Lieutenant Max C. Tyler,
First Lieutenant . Ulysses S. Grant,
Third Regiment; .First .Lieutenant
Julian L. Schley, First Lieutenant Wil
liam H. Rose, First Lieutenant Ferdi
nand "Williams, Second Lieutenant
Richard C. Moore. Second Lieutenant
Lewis M. Adams.
Privates, first - . class — Charles B.
Russell and Dixon C. Walsh, hospital
corps, will be discharged without
honor from the .-„ army, by the com
manding officer. Vancouver Barracks,
Washington, on account of imprison
ment under sentence of a. civil -court
-Private Francis' Redmbn, hospital
corps,- Fort Mason. Cal.,- will be dis
charged . from 'the army.- .by ' the : com
manding officer of his \u25a0 station to en
able him to enter the Soldiers' pome
in this city.
Array and Navy Orders.
3TTT XW« f¥W XT Ct — _ i. am
ARRIVED.
Tue«day, September 27.
Etmr Magg!*, Hogan. 4 hours from Ilalf
moon Bay. \u25a0
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 82 hours from Bel-.
Ilnsham.
BAILED.
Tuesday, September 2T. "
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson. San Pedro.
Btmr Charles Nelson, Iverson, .
Btmr Chlco, Martin, Coqullle River.
Btmr Centralla, Ericsson. Port Lo« Angeles.
Stmr Rival, Fosen . \
Btmr I'hoonix, Odlands, Eureka, with achr
John A in tow.
Schr John A, Olaen, Eureka, in tow of stmr
Phoenix. \u25a0 . > v'\v*
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 27— Bchr Hal
cyon, hence Sept 19.
. Sailed Sept 27 — Stmr Melville Dollar, for Ban
Francisco; achrs Charles R. .Wilson and Jen
nie Wand, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Sailed Sept 27 — Stmr Homboldt,
for Skarway.
j. : l.
I/ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
KEOKUK, lowa, Sept. 27.— During
a terrific electrical storm to-day a
bolt of lightning struck the Colllns-
Healslip wholesale carpet building.
The structure was destroyed by flre.
Loss, $250,000.
\u25a0\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
Lightning Causes Big Flro,
LONDON, Sept. 27.— The Morning
Post, in a strong editorial on the ship
ping question, says that German
energy is comprehensive, but there is
even a greater need to keep a watch
ful eyes on the shipping of the United
States.
The paper suggests the withdrawal
of the privilege' from American-owned
vessels of ' freedom to the British
coastal trade as a means of recover
ing a freedom to negotiate for reci
procal concessions, and thinks a re
vival of some of the old navigation
laws would be easier now than if the
step became necessary in the face of
greatly increased rivalry.
URGES CRUSADE AGAINST
UNITED STATES SHIPPING
OAKLAND. Sept. 27. — Marriage li
censes were issued to-day to the fol
lowing: persons: Robert Marlon Cur
nutt, 26, San Francisco, and Sarah
Jennie Pressler, 26, San Francisco;
Arizona Nadrow, 19, Seattle, and Win
chester Duett, 26, Seattle; Alfred O.
Gibbs, 30, Ramona, and Hilda I.
Lundvall, 24, Galesburgr, 111.
Marriage licenses.
In the afternoon it cleared up »nd
the entire party took a trip to ihe
logging camp. In the evening the
guests were tendered a banquet by
Bliss. The kindness of the San Fran
cisco Call in remembering the 'asso
ciation'With a .bundle of complimen
tary papers was , greatly appreciated
by the railroad men.
LAKE TAHOE, Sept. 27. — More
than 100 railroad men, members of
the Pacific Coast Association of Traf
fic Agents, with their families, are
guests of D. L. Bliss Sr., president of
the Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans
portation Company, at Tahoe Tavern.
They arrived on Saturday, morning
and were delighted with everything,
even the shower that greeted them on
their arrival.
Jolly Thirty Enjoys Hospitality of
President Uliss nt ravern oh
the Lake:
TRAFFIC AGENTS GUESTS
OF TAHOE RAILROAD MEX
OAKLAND, Sept. 27. — Dr! Melvin
W. Wilson, a retired physician, who
had been a resident of Oakland for
ten years, died last night at his home,
593 Sycamore street, aged 76 years
He was a native of Massachusetts and
leaves a widow.
Retired Physician Dead.
ROBBERS CONFESS THEFT
OF $10,000 IN DIAMONDS
Admit Guilt to lowa Judge, Who Sen
tences Them to Fourteen Years
in Penitentiary.
DES MOINES, lowa, Sept. 27. —
William Smith and Charles Jennings
to-day confessed to the theft of JlO
000 worth of diamonds from O. Cohen
last June and were sentenced to four
teen years each in the State peniten
tiary. • The diamonds were taken from
Cohen's safe, which the -robbers dy
namited. The robbers were returned
to this city from Chicago several
months ago.
AGENT OF ALLEGED WILD
CAT CONCERN' IS ARRESTED
United States Special Agents Take
Des Moines Real Estate Operator
Into Custody.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. Sept. 27. —
United States special agents to-day ar
rested J. D. Anderson, representing
realty companies of Indianapolis and
Des Molnes. The .arrest was made on
an order from the Postofflce Depart
ment, which claims that the two com
panies are "wildcat" schemes and
that thousands have been swindled in
all Darts of the United States. N. N.
Crouch, secretary of the Des Moines
company, has just arrived here.
SUSPECTED INCENDIARIES
ARE ARRESTED IN IOWA
OGDEN, lowa, Sept. 27. — Blood
hounds placed upon the trail of the
suspected - Incendiaries traced Eton
and Earl Hayer to the home of their
father, Ora Hayer, a prominent farm
er, and the boys are before the Grand
Jury to-day. Indictments are expect
ed. Their arrest followed a series of
barn burninars and dwelling house
blazes.
BURGLARS 'ARE SJCXTEXCEIX— R. r
Perry and William Clark, alias Parkar who
pleaded KUilty Jn Jud?« Cook's court on' Mon
day to a Charge of burglary, appeared for
sentence yesterday. Perry was sentenced to
serve eighteen months in San Quenttn and
Clark to serve three years In Folsom peni
tentiary. Perry broke Into the M. and M
saloon on Merchant street on September 15*
1903. and Clark entered the room of S n*m
lcr. l.tOfl Stockton ntreet. on August 10 last
Dig Up Remains of Miss May Pierce
in Boise Cemetery and Steal
Clothing From Corpse.
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 27. — Ghouls
entered Morris Hill Cemetery In Boise
last week and desecrated the grave of
Miss May Pierce, the 17-year-old
daughter of Rev. R. Pierce, pastor of
the Church of the Nazarene, who died
of typhoid fever. The desecration was
discovered next morning, but was
kept secret by the police until to-»day
in the hope that the guilty parties
might be apprehended.
The body of the. girl was not sto
len or mutilated in any manner, al
though all"^her "cfothing was stripped
from the body and carried away.
There was no Jewehry buried with the
corpse. After being denuded the re
mains were thrust back into the cas
ket, the cover was replaced hastily
and a few inches of dirt was thrown
on the box. The motive for the out
rage is a mystery and no clew has yet
been discovered pointing to the per
petrators.
\u25a0 m \u25a0
GHOULS DESECRATE GRAVE
OP IDAHO YOUNG WOMAN
OAKLAND, .Sept 27.— Frederick P.
McFeely, assistant superintendent of
the Judson Iron Works, and a pioneer
member of Oakland Lodge No. 171 of
Elks, died at 5:30 o'clock this morning
at his residence, 1929 Market street,
after- an illness of short duration. For
some time Mr. McFeely had not been
enjoying cood health, but the serious
condition, did not become manifest
until a week or so ago.
"Pop" McFeely, as he was known
to his familiars, was an Elk of Elks.
To the lodge with which he had been
so niany years affiliated he was a pa
triarch. Though 64 years had passed
since his birth In Toronto, Canada,
"Pop" was until very recently one of
Oakland Lodge's most active members.
He was ever at the forefront In any
thing pertaining to the welfare of his
lodge or of his brethren. - -— — - \u25a0
Twenty-flve years ago McFeely came
to Oakland. In his business relations
he occupied a high place in the confi
dence of the Judson people.
The survivllng family consists of the
widow, Mrs. Elizabeth McFeely, and
six children, who are Susan, Agnes,
Jane, Gertrude and Fred McFeely and
Mrs. Mary Kaufman. Funeral services
will be held Thursday morning at 9
o'clock at the Elks' Hall, Fourteenth
street, near Broadway, and at 10
o'clock at Sacred Heart Church, For
tieth and Grove streets.
Assistant Superintendent of
Judson Iron Works Is
No More.
Police Commissioners Listen to
Charges Against 3Iusio Hall and
Render a Decision.
The proprietors of the Belveder«
appeared before the Police Commis
sioners last night to show cause why
their license should not be revoked for
violating police regulations. After
hearing the testimony of about a doz
en witnesses the Commissioners in
formed the management that tha
rooms downstairs known as the "grot
to" or "grill rooms" must be dosed
at once, or the license to sell liquor
would be revoked.
Attorney Joseph V. Coffey repr«-<
sented the management of the house.
Testimony tending to prove that it
was conducted in a loose and Immoral
manner was given by Policeman Fur
man and Davey, who, in citizens'
clothes, visited the resort recently and,
according to their testimony, consum
ed $26 worth of Liquid and solid re
freshments. They were assisted in
getting away with the. eatables and
drinkables by two of the actresses em
ployed in the house. .One little bill
alone for three plates of oysters and
one sandwich, with two pint bottles of
beer, amounted to $5.
The officers said they visited tha
place, and after becoming friendly with
one of the waiters sent a note through
him to two women on the stage — Rosa
Adams and Vehne Edwards. The not©
was answered, but the officers were In
formed that they could not go behind
the scenes, as the police were watch
ing the place. An appointment was
made to meet the actresses W the grill
room, and according to the statements
of the police, corroborated to some ex
tent by the women, the four had a
large time in the rooms underneath the
music hall. Beer at Jl a pint flowed
freely, the piano was used at an hour,
when, according to police regulations,
it should be silent, and one of the of
ficers enjoyed a waltz with his com
panion. Bawdy songs were sung and
Miss Adams treated Officer Davey in a
very affectionate manner, considering
their short acquaintance.
Under cross-questioning by Attorney
Coffey Officer Davey became somewhat
entangled as to time, and the testimony
given by Sergeant Donovan served fur
ther to entangle matters. After a
whispered conversation Commissioner
Drinkhouse, who acted as president,
announced that the grill room must be
closed at once or the license would be
revoked.
The case of King & Ward, proprietors
of the New Western Hotel, cited to
show why their license should not be
revoked for permitting gambling
games, was put over for a week.
The license of S. Belltraml, who has
a grocery store and bar at 301 Union*
street, was revoked. He was charged
with selling liquor to a minor.
Edward Reilly, who conducts a
saloon on East street, opposite Mission
wharf No. 2, also lost his license. He
was accused of being a party to the
purloining of a number of barrels from
the wharf. %
F. E. Winter, J. F. Dean, Jeremiah
O'Dowd, James J. Torpey and Dan J.
Collins were appointed police officers.
The Commissioners failed to reappolnt
Patrol Drivers F. P. Barbee and John
W. O'Neil.
BIO AXXUAIi BENEFIT FOR
' TEACHERS' ANNUITY FUND
Loads of Good Fun Will Be on Tap
at the Chutes All the
Week.
On Monday ne^t the gates of the
Chutes will be thrown open — with the
usual tax at the turnstile — to replen
ish the vanishing ducats of the teach
ers' annuity fund. Now, every tyko
in town's going to the Chutes next
week, '"cos he* wants to show hi3
teacher that he thinks she's Just all
right, see?" Clever diplomacy, that!
And, besides, where can a lad have
a bullier time with a few dimes than
at the Chutes?
Preparatory to the great affair the
Inhabitants of the "zoo" have visited
the barber's, have put their cages to
"rights" and learned all sorts of en
tertaining stunts for their days "at
home."
The Board of Education, Super
intendent Langdon and every friend
of the schools are lending their best
efforts to make the week the most
emphatic testimonial of the teacher'e
worth ever offered in San Francisco.
And everybody, from grandma to the
new baby. Is going out to the festival
on Monday — but If not on Monday,
why, on Tuesday, or some day beforo
the week's end. And thus will the
cause have heli> and grandma and the
baby a load of fun.
Son Defends Ills Mother.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— Martin Re
gan, a sailor, abused his cousin. Mrs.
A. C. Smith, residing at 11 Mead ave
nue, and tried to attack her last night
because she refused to give him,
money with which to continue a spree.
Regan had made threats before he
called and Mrs. Smith had warned her
son Joseph, who was hiding in the
house. When Regan started after his
mother, the young man Jumped In and
soundly thrashed the seaman. After
ward the mariner was arrested. Ha
pleaded guilty to attempted, assault in
the Police Court to-day and was sent
to jail for ninety days.
\u25a0 ' \u25a0 Berkeley Office Ban Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept. 27.
- By reviving the bonding project be
fore the Board of Trustees last night
President Thomas Rickard has put the
city of Berkeley in a way for receiv
ing many public Improvement? that are
Imperatively necessary- President
Rickard recognizes the fact that this
is the most opportune time to put th«
scheme through and as soon as the
necessary legal steps are taken the peo
ple will- be asked to vote upon propo
sitions to bond the city for schools,
sewers, streets, a new city hall, a city
wharf, parks and fire equipment.
To secure all these things It is cal
culated that it will be necessary to
spend $517,000, as per the following es
timates: City hall. $100,000; wharf, $50,
000; schools, $125,000; manual training
in schools, $20,000; sewers, $165,000;
streets, $7000; parks, $25,000; fire de
partment, $35,000. President Rickard
and the Trustees decided to make the
bond proposition the entire business of
the special meeting to be held next
Monday. flft
The suggestion of President Riwrard
that a park commission be chosen to
look after the city's parks is regarded
as 'good. According to President Rick
ard Its duty would be to "suggest
ideas for the beautiflcatlon and care
of small park areas on Piedmont ave
nue, Adeline street and Shattuck ave
nue."
The plan, having been approved
by the board, is in the hands of Town
Attorney Hayne and the Street Com
mittee, who will draft an ordinance
covering the proposal.
Thomas Eickard, President
of Board of Trustees,
Stands for the - Bonds
TAXPAYEBS TO ASSIST
Citizens to Talk Over Pro
ject to Spend $517,000
for Many Improvements
BELVEDERE 3rUST CLOSE
DOWX ITS GRILLROOM
After a Hot Fight
the Civic Bodies
Lose All.
SCENTS IN OAKLAND YESTERDAY DURINO THE ELECTION THAT "WAS HELD
TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE CITY SHOULD ISSUE BONDS FOR THE
PURPOSE OF PROVIDING FUNDS FOR PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
CLUB AFFAIRS.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— The bcmds hay«
met •with defeat. Not one of them -will
be issued by the city.' Every project
included la the bonding proposition hat
been Tejected by the voters of Oak
land by a vote so decisive that there is
co Question as to Its meaning. Eleven :
proposals were made to the voters of
Oakland by the City Council, which
passed the ordinance calling the elec- \u25a0
non. It was proposed to buy land for i
parks, construct boulevards, improve J
the city wharves, build sewers and |
crosswalks, dredge Lake Merritt, build
a new City Hall and polytechnic high ]
school, improve the public library and j
build concrete culverts. The eleven
project* were, to cost the city $2,452,000. I
Bonds to pay for the Improvements I
were to be sold if the voters should bo j
elect. Each project required a two- j
. thirds vote for its adoption. In each j
Instance the required number of votes
was lacking. l
The election to-day was preceded by
a campaign conducted by the Progress
Federation's campaign committee. The ]
federation is made up of representa- j
tives of mercantile and improvement
organizations of Alamcda County.
Many meetings were held and much
literature was circulated in the at
tempt to meld public opinion in favor
of a large outlay for improvements.
Officials of the federation to-night ex- j
press regret at the crutcome of their ef- j
forts, but insist that they will be con- |
tlnued and that the improvements they
advocate are only delayed, not aban
doned.
The vote vas unusually . heavy. Op-
.position to the Central Park feature of
the bond issue developed ten days ago.
Many had expressed the opinion that
opposition to the bonding scheme would
concentrate In a light to defeat the
Central Park project and that the re
mainder of the proposals would be ap
proved- As the voting progressed,
however, It became evident that steady
and determined warfare was being
made against each of the proposals to
Improve the city.
The various items in the bond issue
6ubmitted to the voters to-day were as
follows:
Lands for public parks, including the
"Willows, BuEhrod Park, the De Fr-mery
tract, land at Fifth and Adeline streets,
$570,650; Central Park tract, 5450.000;
boulevards, $301,670: sewers, $121,440;
wharf Improvements, $15,000; dredging
Lrike Merritt, $48,000; concrete culverts,
$49,640; bituminous crosswalks. $127,000;
polytechnic high school, $143,000; com
pleting public library, $15,000; new City
Hall $650,000.
The total vote cast for and against
these various improvements was aa
follows:
Parks and playgrounds — Yes, 5823;
no. 2414.
Central Park— Yes. 3160; no, 4063.
80-ulevards— Yes. £954; no, 3243.
Sewers— Yes, 4594; no, 2234.
City wharves— Yes, 4571; no, 2247.
Dredging Lake Merritt— Yes, 4068; no,
8335.
Concrete culverts— Yes, 4346; no, 2629.
Bituminous crosswalks — Yes, 4825; no,
2238.
Polytechnic high school— Yes, 4546;
Co. 2575.
Public library— Yes, 4350; no. 2758.
New City Hall— Yes. 40C5; no, 2068.
The total vote cast was 7E23. It was
necessary for any project which car
ried to receive DO2O votes.
STUDENT THIEF STEALS
FKOM FOOTBALL PLAYERS
A\o!ds Traps Set to Catch Him and
Secures Valuable Trinkets by
I»ilferlns.
BERKELEY. Sept. 27. — A * thief
among the students of the University
of California frequents Harmon gym
nasium and steals the valuables of his
fellow students, yet he has been foxy
enough to avoid detection. The thiev
ery has been going on for a long time
and traps have been set to catch the
culprit a number of times. Nearly
every football player has been a vic
tim in some way or another. "Pat"
Oliver, right end on the varsity team,
lopt $8 to-day. Nothing has been said
about the thefts because it was hoped
that the guilty rtudent would be
caught, but to-day R. \V. Kittrelle. the
varsity quarter, decided to publish the
facts in the hope that it would fright
en him away.
Seeks $25,000 Damages.
OAKLAND. Sept. 27.— Trial of Sam
tiel Springer's 525.000 damage suit
against the Southern Pacific Company
v.as resumed to-day before Judge Og
den and a jury- Springer told the
Btory of the accident in which his 10
year-old son was seriously Injured.
He declared that on September 25
1902. his wagon was struck by a train
at First and Grove streets and that
hia boy's hip and skull were Injured in
the collision. -
BERKELEY, Sept. 27. — Extensive arrange
ment* are being 1 made for the Boat Club night
next Wednesday' at Mora Park. A programme
of musical and other "ctunta" will be con
tributed by well known entertainers, among
them Krr.ll Kruschke, ex-' O5; Harry Schrieber.
'07; Walter de Leon, '06; E. 8. Rust, '00, and
Alexander Pape of the Olympic Club. One of
the features will be a twelve-page souvenir
programme, containing pictures of the boat
club's oarsmen and scenes from the Intercol
legiate races, together wlith a history of row-
Ing as a college sport at California. A. C.
Keane, 'OS, and Q. J. Anloff, '05, are the edi
tors of the souvenir. The general committee
havlr.g chart*- of the affair is composed of
W. H. Murray, '05; E. J. Snow, '06; W. K.
Gabriel, '07, and Ralph Newcomb, f OC. The
profits of th« evening -will be devoted to the #
purchase of a four-oared shell from Cornell
University.
The Art Association, the women's organiza
tion, has decided to give a series of evening;
and noonday concerts and lectures. The first
evening concert will b« given at 8 o'clock
Thursday in Hearst Hall when a programme
will be contributed by Miss Winifred June
Morgan, Stanford '02, violinist; William He
men cf Oakland, 'cellist; Miss Elizabeth
Simpson of Oakland, pianist; Rcdfield and
McCandllsh of the Orpheus Quartet; Charles
Mayer, zither. These concerts will be free
to registered students, but the public will be
charged fifty cents fur each.
The students selected by Ben Greet to as-
sist his company of English players In the
production of •'Hamlet 1 ' next Saturday were
r>heaiee<l at the Greek Theater this afternoon
b,' Frank McEntee, Mr. Oreet's manager.
.These students are: M. R. Daniels, '05; A.
C. Keane. '05; James Force, '05; K. H. Van
Sant, '07; S. W. Chlsholm. '06; Harry Gutter
son, '06: A. M. Cooler. '04; Frank GUlellen.
'OS, and Charles Smiley, '07. In addition there
will be twelve Danish sailors and twelve Nor
wegian soldiers who will tie represented by
college men, though they will not have speak
lnc carts.
Professor H. Morse Stephens, director of
university extension, will give a course of lec
tures, beginning next month at the Mechanics'
Institute, upon the following subjects: Oc
tober 10, "Establishment of the Consulate In
France, 1709; Early Career of the First Con
sul, Napoleon Bonaparte"; October 24, "The
Wars of the Consulate"; November 17, "The
Peace of the Consulate; Internal Government";
November 21, "Establishment of the Empire,
1804"; December 5, "The First Wars of the
Empire, ISOO-O7": December 19. "Extension
of the Napoleonio Empire In Europe, 1807
1610"; January 0, 1906. "The Grand Army";
January 23, "The Administration of the Ns
polecnio Empire; Court of Napoleon"; Feb
ruary 6, "The Napoleonio Period In Europe";
February £0 "The Rise of the Nations, 1812
1S1S"; March 6, "Overthrow of the Napoleonic
Empire, 1813-1814": March 20. "The Hundred
Days, 1&16; Waterloo."
WOULD WED AGAIN.
Divorced Pair, Separated for Six
Montlis, Will Try Matrimony Again.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27. — Six months
of single blepsednesa following several
years of wedded blisa sufficed for Mr.
and Mrs. Henry B. Schneider, who
were divorced on March 23, 1904. To
day they came into court and peti
tioned Judge Ellsworth for a dismis
sal of the decree. They wish to live
together again. Their petition was
granted.
Five . children has Mrs. Lizzie F.
Gautadlne of Nlles and no money for
their support, according to- her di
vorce complaint filed to-day. She
asks for alimony.
Lillian Caulbied was granted an In
terlocutory decree by Judge Ellsworth.
She charged her husband with cru
elty and failure to provide.' - The cus
tody'of two children was awarded to
her, and $30 a month alimony.
Judge .Melvin granted Cora L. Hill
\u266630 a month alimony pending the
trial .of her suit against Alvln B. Hill
of Berkeley. She charges him with
desertion. There are two children, of
whom she seeks the custody.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
OAKLAND. Sept. 27.— Th* Ebell ladles gave
their first "at home" to-day and though the
"crush" ©f former occasions was lacking, tht
prettily decorated club rooms were well filled.
Apropos of the decorations. Miss Scupham Is
chairman of the September committee and.
under her direction, 'the auditorium assumed
a cheerful, cozy aspect. A perfect wilderness
of palms and ferns hid the orchestra from
view. The orchestra, by the way, Is an In
novation in* Ebell and quite an acceptable one.
Contrary to^ custom there was no programme
to-day. th* orchestra supplying; excellent mu
sic, while the visitors chatted and enjoyed
dainty refreshments.
Mrs. James Ray McKee. formerly Miss
Ethel McKay, was a caller to-day and was
kept buay exchanging; greetings with old ac
quaintances. She is a young woman of strik
ing appearance and her gown to-day was a
v«ry modi«h affair of gray-blue ellk of a soft
cllnrlnjf kind, the only trimming of the sim
ple ahlrred «klrt and bodice being large medal
lions of point lace. A velvet hat of the same
sray-blu* shad* completed an attractive cos
turn*.
Mrs. Jean Sinclair, th* noUd household
economist and club woman, now visiting Oak
land and Incidentally teaching us how to
C. S. Chamberlain. V
Mrs. Lincoln Denison of Los Angeles was
the guest of her sister-in-law, Mrs A. A
Dtnison. Years before these ladles dreamed
of being so Intimately related they were fel
low students at the old Field's Academy here
and ware pupils of Mrs. Kate Bulkley. The
three, former teacher and pupils, had tha
Si"Sl!I?i of ,J nMUn 5 f °r the first time to-day
at^ b€l1 ' after a la &"« ot many years.
The hostesses this afternoon Included mem
\u25a0e^inn, \f ail<l a il <1 curators of the various
sections. Mrs. J. v. Hume, president, was
by Mrs. C. W. Klnsey. Mrs. I. j. Taylor Miss
Ev \,,r o ?, eU ' M 1" Jennie H "l. Miss Carrl"
Gorrfll. Mrs R. W. Klnney. Mrs. Geor« M°
Shaw. Mrs John Bakewell. Prau Wllle, Mrs
M. de U Hadley, Mrs. M. F. Jordan. Mrs
D. B. Hunter. Mrs. Gordon Stolp. MrsT J
R. Scupham. Mrs. D. W. Gelwlcks. Mrs. F
B. Ocden, Mrs. L. S. Burchard, Mrs. c F
Mau. Mrs AVilliam Bosley, Mm. Gilbert Curl
tiss. Mrs. J. W. McClymonds. Miss M. R. Bab
son. Mrs. L. F. Cockroft, Mrs. W S Phelan
M "v W w^ C^ ld9 ' Mrs - A. i: Smith. MS
If B. B^n. """ '' G ' I «?" 0 " « d M ?"
Atnow: the guests to-day were Mis Pprt-ir
2 *£££
• * *
To-morrow i.i Oakland Club day and unless
the various addresses promised are too long the
programme Is an attractive one. Mrs. Caroline
Rickey qiney Is to be one of the speakers/and
as Mrs. Olney is not only a clever woman but a
good talker, her remarks on El Camlno Real
will be both lnterenting and Instructive. Mrs
Oliiey has been one of the most active work
era for the proposed highway and one may
expect authoritative enlightenment on the sub
ject to-morrow.
Others to talk are: Mrs. J. R. Knowland
on "Historic Landmarks" and Miss Kate
Whltaker on "Domestic Science." Miss Jo
sephine Hyde will also give a •nort »ketch
of Japan and as she spent some time in that
now war-disturbed country, ehe is well fitted
to give an Interesting account of the little
brown people, especially of their art- The
"flow of soul" In this substantial "feast of
reaeon" . prepared by- the Oakland Club will
*>« , supplied by -Mrs. * Charles Poulter. the
well-known sopranw.
r i «.'l .• . •
The Charles E. : Palmers and Miss Bessie
Palmer left this morning for the East and
Europe. They win visit St. Louis and then
off for England Mid the Continent, and we
may not hope to !••* them again until next
April. They expect to spend Christmas In
Rome. Miss Palm«r will be greatly missed
In the social »tt. ffr nha is an Immense favor
ite and is la demand at every function of
Importance.
• • •
Mrs. Thomas Prather has also gone East,
leaving last Monday. Under h«r -ohaperonage
w »» Miss Marie Bcttersv on her way to school
In New York.
• • •
Mrs. C. W. Klmey is entertaining her sis
ter, Mrs. James J.^Hanna of Columbus, Ohio.
Her daughter, Mr*. Melville Dozler of Loa
Angeles, is also her old home and
will remain for soirt weeks.
•3 • • £&»&
ALAMEDA, Sept 27.— With th* marriage
Every Plan Put Up
Is Rejected by
People.
of Mlsa Laura Sophie Hanstn and Arthur
Lauder, which was celebrated her* yester
day at the home of the bride'n parents, Mr.
and Mrs. H. P. H&nnen of 1815 Buena Vista
avenue, there culminated a romance that be
gan at Camp Merritt In San Francisco during
the Spanish-American war, when Miss Han-
Ben and Mr. Lauder met for the first time.
The groom was then a lieutenant in a Utah
regiment. Later he was ordered to the Philip
pine Islands, and after seeing service there
returned to hl» home in Utah. Mr. Lauder
came from Ogden to claim his bride, and
after a honeymoon in Southern California' will
take her to that city, where he is in the em
ploy of the Federal Government. The wed
ding ceremony yesterday was performed by
the Rev. William Norman Outhrle at Christ
episcopal Church. •
Miss Julia Hammond is spending a vaca
tion of one week with friends at Sebastopot
in Sonoma County.
Miss Nonl Crawford will depart soon for a
tour of the Eastern States. She will ' visit
Chicago, St. Louis, Washington and Boston.
. On Friday evening, October 7, the German
Ladles' Relief Society will hold a whist tourna
ment in the City Hall, the proceeds to be
used In dispensing good cheer to the needy
during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holi
days. \u25a0
•"Captaln Barrington," the first of the
new- plays to be done at tbe .Majestic,
took me to the uptown house last night
for the first time since its completion.
It was worth while just to see the pret
tiest theater In town. The foyer, a
palace of light, and palms and cheer
ful crimson carpetings, immediately in
vites, and 'twould be a drab play, in
deed, that could soon down its happy
suggestion. Inside the house It is the
same. The decorations are in the same
cheerful and tasteful key, as one ob
serves from seats that are all that the
blessed old Tivoli's were not. In fact,
everything conduces to comfort, and )
ome begins by being ready to enjpy
anything the Majestic curtain rings
up on.
"Captain Barrington," aa before eaid,
is this week's offering. It is a revo
lutionary drama by Victor Mapea, and
is neither worse nor better than a great
many other_plays of the same period.
Charles Richman, who produced it in
New York, found it a fairly successful
medium, and so does the Majestic
Company— better, much. I understand,
last night, than on Sunday night.
Things were rather lively round the
Majestic on Sunday evening, by the
way, when the play was first done.
There was a prompter in every wins,
make-ups missing, and what not, and
the silver voice of Mr. Bishop , was
heard afterward in fraternal remon
strance. At 9 o'clock, not fifteen mln
uts past — as the blackboard had' it—
on Monday morning, the repentant
mummers went to work, and last night
the prompter took a rest. Things went
like clockwork. In fact, all that lies
within the company's not extraordi
nary powers was done with th« play.
To Mr. J. H. Gilmour falls the chief
role, or rather roles. He plays the
parts of twin brothers, one a captain
in the British army, the other a lieu
tenant in General Washington's com
mand, and each ignorant of the other's
existence. The coincidence is difficult
of acceptance to begrin with and the
rather obvious effort with which Mr.
Gilmour makes his changes does not
conduce to illusion. But there are
many good points about his work. He
has an admirable enunciation, a re
fined pronunciation and a satisfying
voice behind them. Obviously Mr. Gil
mour knows his Henry Miller. His love
scenes are modeled after Miller's most
empresse methods and he has even
fleeting expressions that remind. But
serious and earnest as he is spirited at
times, capable, too, there Is quite lack
ing the note of distinction.
Seriousness and sincerity are also
Miss Grace Reals' strong 1 points. Miss
Reals assumes the part of Ruth Lang
don, who has the honor ' of saying
George Washington from her conspir
ator-uncle's plots. The actress is fairly
convincing, ready of wit, but'mechani
cal. She would never lack the word, but
could never give what lies behind the
word. It is quite possible, however,
that Miss Reals is ill-suited in this par
ticular role, some indications of a
larger aptness for comedy being In evi
dence. The ingenue, Linda Arvidson,
brings the personal note into her little
part. She is individual and charm
ing, if unevenly so. The other feminine
role is in the rhands of.- Eleanor. Gorr:
don,' late of the Alcazar. I liked Miss
Gordon much better as I last saw her —
as a pig-tailed Swedish servant lass —
than as the riding-Tiabited lady of last
night. But perhaps her black velvet
and gold stripes are responsible for the
accretion of consciousness In evidence.
Miss Gordon is handsome as ever.
Others in the cast are George Wash
ington himself, done by Theodore
Marston with due reverence, and Joe
Moulton and his father, both well
enough taken by J. D. O'Hara and
Henry Stockbridge. The settings are
handsome and the uniforms add fine
color to the pictures.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
OAKLAND VOTERS DEFEAT ELEVEN
BOND PROPOSITIONS BY MAJORITY
THAT ASTONISHES ALL CLASSES
REVIVES PLAN
TO HELP CITY
COZY THEATER
GIVES PUBLIC
PRETTY PLAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,- SEPTEMBER 2S, 100*.
DEATH SUMMONS
F. P. McFEELY,
PROMINENT ELK
4
MXE3 S3 & \u25a0\u25a0 • t"" nature to love
pure. The critical ordeal through which the exDectan?^!^ 1 "I
pass, however, is so fraught with d«ad, pain 53 ?T mWt
that the very thought of it fills her wiA^^S
o?£g^^^^^
of women through Tr*"*** j
the trying crisis without sufferine. B^" \u25a0 O ' m :
, FREE™"—^— FREE~~^~ ~~"FREE
TOBOGGAN \u25a0 — —
: MAPLE
\u25a0 SYRUP
Made\from Selected -
VERMONT.MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
ADVERTISE3rEyrs.
For Any Skin Disease
use
It will help and cure you. Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending toe. to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
S old by landing druggists.
Hatkc genuine without my clffaature.
«io Prince Su, tieyr York. *
Send for free Booklet on "How to treat ,
tfUea«ec,"coatalnlorhaadrods of te»U-
dsdU!i «f wonieriul cures.
BBARGH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Slain 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11,
ALAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.. V;'^
Telephone Alameda 539.' OAELJC COMMITTEE MEETING.—An
nouncement' is made . by Chairman Michael
Casey of the Gaelic committee \ of ' arrange
ments for the , special : entertainment . and < ball
to be given In, Mechanics', Pavilion October 29.
The' committee will meet at Hibemia Hall, • 120
Ninth street." to-morrow ' night, ? -
The funeral services of the late
Pierre B. Cornwall, pioneer and cap
italist, who died Sunday night, took
place . yesterday afternoon from the
family, hqme, 2611 California street.
Relatives :, : and V old-time ' - friends
mourned over ' the \ casket of the de
ceased as Rev. Bradford Leavitt .of
the First ; Unitarian Church read ser
vices before the remains were taken
from his late home. :.-- The funeral was
private. •
The funeral procession left for the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery shortly after
2 J, o'clock, where the body was cre
mated. , •
,The pall-bearers were Edward Bos
qui, JV ; S. - Bunnell. V "Warren : Gregory,
Henry \u25a0 E.i Munroe. "William : H. Mc-
Kittrick -; and A. A. " Baxter.
Only _i Relatives and Friends of De
ceased Attend the Fnncral, as It
Was Private.
REMAINS OF PIERRE B.
CORNWALL;: ARE -CREMATED
MUSIC TEACHER i ASKS DAMAGES— Mae
Steadmnn, formerly a music teacher at the
Adler Free Kindergarten, sued the United Rail
roads yesterday . lor $10,110 damages for per
sonal * Injuries , received January 16 last on a
Powell-street car at the Intersection of Mason
street and Broadway. She -alleges that- by a
sudden lurch \u25a0 she was \u25a0 thrown half th« length
of the car. As a result of the accident she
says that her left hand and arm are atrophied
and she is unable to follow her profession. ' •
\u25a0• Miss Moore gave an Australian reci
tation, "A Voice From the. Bush,"
which was of unique interest, and ren
dered with naive charm.
The day was in charge of Mrs. John
D. Sibley, to whom many congratula
tory toasts— In good -green tea — were
drunk, pronouncing the day a rare suc
cess.
being bidden to meet Mrs. Rivers, the
mother of the bride-to-be.
Two distinguished visitors graced
the California Club yesterday after
noon and also added materially to the
entertainment and education of "the
members and guests. Miss Agnes Mur
phy and Miss Aimee Moore are two
London women who are touring the
world. They, are writers of note and
were the first to establish a salon for
the literati and artists in Australia.
Miss Murphy also has the added honor
of just having been appointed a mem
ber of the California Geographical So
ciety, the first woman to be placed
upon its rolls. Music initiated the pro
gramme, Theodore Salmon playing two
piano numbers, which were greatly ap
preciated. Miss May Ferrell, contralto,
sang with charm and the "enjoyable
California -Quartet — always a welcome
feature— contributed the; rest of the
lyrics. Miss Murphy then gave a vivid
picture of political, social and economic
conditions in Australia. and New Zea
land, presenting an Interesting account
of the life of the Maoris, the primitive
people of New Zealand.
SIDETWA1.KS BREAKING UP.— Property
owner* on Klchternth Btreet. between Castro
e:i<l Danvers, havp protested to the Super
visor* acalnet the acceptance of the cement
eiJewa!kK on the b'ock because they are break
° ing up owing to poor material used and defect
in foundations.
Chris Schmid. one of the proprietors
of the Netherland Hotel, who, while
acting as aid to the grand marshal of
the Odd Fellows' parade, fell off his
horse and was seriously injured in the
back and chest, is now up and able to
resume his round of duties.
Chris Schmid Recovers.
An annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' As
sociation will be held in this city Oc
tober 5. Reports for the last year will
be received and an executive commit
tee for the next twelve months will be
elected. The officers to serve during the
ensuing term will be named by the ex
ecutive committee. The Pacific Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion includes in its membership whole
sale houses at all leading cities on the
coast. The organization made a "win
ning fight before the Interstate Com
merce Commission to maintain the
differential as between car load and
less than car load lots to the coast
that was attacked by the St. Louis
jobbers, who sought to get the Pa
cific trade in their grip. During the
last year various matters of interest
have come before the association, the
most important of which was the re
lations of the Government to the Pan
ama Railroad.
Executive Committee Is to Be Elected
and Reports of Year's Transac
tions Are Due.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 27.— Senator
Perkins of the Senate Committee on
Naval Affairs is authority for the
statement that a bill isTto be Intro
duced at the next session of Congress
providing for a naval coaling f station
at this port. The bill, ;--~ which, has
passed the Senate, prdvldes $200,000
for moving the quarantine station far
ther up the bay and $250,000 for con
struction work.
Coaling Station for South.
PACIFIC COAST JOBBERS
TO HOLD ANNUAL MEETING
will keep a loaded revolver in the-room.
I have a little dog that will bark when
any one is around."
The young man and his wife wera
put out of the home a few months ago.
Mrs. Monnier, the younger, was Violet
Henry, an actress. The marriage made
trouble in the Monnier household and
in August. 1901. Monnier Jr. sued his
wife for divorce alleging extreme cruel
ty and charging that she had attempt
ed to destroy her children. The trial
dragged alonff at Intervals from No
vember to January 9. 1902. and five days
later Judge Hunt denied the applica
tion for divorce and ordered Monnier
to pay his wife $50 a month. Later
they becrame reconciled.
alleged "baby farm" at Twenty-first
and Castro ostreets will be heard by
Police Judge Mogran this morning. Yes
terday Mrs. Annie Weintraub, 1115
M,jssio,n street, secured a warrant from
th* Judge for the arrest of "John Doe"
o Wyman K>n the charge of cruelty to
children.
The nlace is known as "Wyman's
Home." and it is alleged there are
fourteen boys in the home besides two
of wyman's children* Mrs. Wein
' tra\:b has four boys there — Alexander,
, lfr year* -of age; Sam, 8; Harry, 6.
and Willie. 6. She alleges that when
o the Bf»nd!? clean clothing to the home
f«*r her children Wyman distributes it
o amor's the sixteen inmates, and that
"he uses the cane on the bodies of the
boys. It is allesred that the boys are
o not properly fed.
Mrs. Annie Wcintraub. a Widow, Se
cures Warrant for the Arrest of
"John Doe"' Wyman.
Charges against the proprietor of an
PROPRIETOR OF BABY FARM
CHARGED WITH CRUELTY
A bond in the sum of 51000 as special
administratrix of the $150,000 estate of
George Monnler, deceased wine maker,
was filed yesterday by the widow, Anna
Monnier, who was appointed on Mon
day by Judge Coffey. Before the gen
eral letters of administration are grant
ed there may be exciting developments
in the contest of Monnier's will
by George Monnier Jr., heretofore sup
posed to be the dead man's son.
Mrs. Monnier has little regard for the
young man or his pretensions. She
told Judge Coffey* that he was not the
issue of her marriage with Monnier.
The father, however, in his will desig
nated George Jr. as his son and, though
cutting him off from present benefits
in the estate, provided that he should
receive two-thirds of the property held
by "his mother" at her death.
Yesterday Mrs. Monnier came per
sonally to the clerk's office to file her
bond. She was accompanied by two
aged gentlemen with one of whom she
discussed her fear of George Jr. and
his wife. The friend advised her to
keep them out of the house even If
she had to do so by process of law.
She said that she would. "Both of
them have threatened to kill me." she
declared, "and from now on I will have
one of my servants sleep with me and
; Attorney Sawyer stated that the suit
for. $25,000 was brought on the grounds
that the said sum or nearly that
amount had been paid Into the con
cern by its various claimants. Just
how much coin the company has on
hand at the present time Is unknown
to Sawyer.
According to its contract, the inves
tor pays in the sum of $1 per week for
eighty weeks and at the er\d of that
time receives $160 or twice the sum
paid in if everything goes well. But
everything did not go well with Bright
man and numerous others and they
therefore decided to start the law at
work in , an endeavor to quicken the
paying process of the, organization.
The head of the concern is M. M.
Snyder, but yesterday he was not to
be ! found. In his stead, a fair type
writer presided over the company's of
fice In the Crossley building. She did
not know where Mr. Snyder was, but
was sure he would return In a day or
so.
Another "get rich quick" organiza
tion became involved in the toils of the
law yesterday when Attorney Frank
W. Sawyer brought suit to recover
$25,000 from the Pacific Funding and
Security Company, formerly known as
the United Commercial Company. The
suit was brought in behalf of Adelbert
Brightman and others.
According to the complaint. Bright
man put in the sum of $200 and reaped
no financial* benefits from the concern.
When he saw that the chances of se
curing any of his money were growing
slimmer each day, he finally decided
to invoke the aid of the law.
. The Pacific Funding and Security
Company was organized In the spring
of 1903 under the name of the United
Commercial Company, but, for some
unknown reason, \u25a0 was reorganized a
few months ago and this time it was
launched on the commercial sea as
the Pacific Funding«antl Security Com
pany.
Captain M. C. Butler, a member of
Cclonel Morton's regiment and at
present commissary officer of the Phil
ippine Constabulary at the World's
Fair, was Colonel Morton's attendant.
Among the guests were General John
C. Bates and General M. B. Young, re
tired. >
ST. LOUIS, Sept 27. — Colonel
Charles' Morton of the Seventh United
States Cavalry, stationed at Chicka
mauga Park, and Mrs. Sabina P. Pem
berton of Pasadena, Cal., have been
married at the home of Captain F. R.
Rice, in this city. Rev. John W. Day,
pastor of the Church of the Messiah,
officiated.- *
Bride Is Mrs. Snbina P. Pcmberton and
Groom Colonel Charles Morton
of Seventh Cavalry.
PASADENA WOMAN MARRIES
ARMY OFFICER AT ST. IiOUIS
Adalbert Brightman Wants
to Get Back Money He Put
Into a "Get Eicli" Scheme
Says Man, Supposed to Be
Her Son, and His Wife,
iiave Threatened Hev Life
Charles Sedgwick Aiken has com
piled a new book describing San Fran
cisco, and already 100,000 copies of
the work have been printed for dis
tribution at the California exhibit at
St. Louis. Mr. Aiken has taken a
great deal of pains with the work and
gives the reader a splendid Idea of
what California's metropolis really is.
The work is in pamphlet form, di
rect to the point. The little pamphlet
is attractively illustrated with half
tones. The illustrations are all very
clear and show the principal points of
interest of the city.
Charles Sedgwick Alken Compiles
i Book for Distribution at St.
\u25a0 Louis Fair.
Smith was a non-union stableman
employed at the Excelsior Stables, at
Geary and Polk streets. While he and
Arthur Williams, another colored
man, were going to tho stables on the
night of June 25 several of the strik
ing stablemen,, it is allesred, attacked
them at Post and Polk streets, and
Anthony Owen Gallagher, one of- the
strikers was shot and killed. Smith
and Williams were charged with mur
der, but at the preliminary examina
tion before Police Judge Fritz Wil
liams was discharged.
The witnesses examined yesterday
were Corporal George W. Russell, who
made a diagram of the location of the
shooting; Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi, au
topsy surgeon, and Edward Giblin and
Herman M. Klagg. two of the strikers
present at the time.
The trial t>f James H. Smith (col
ored) on a charge of murder was be
gun before a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday. The jury consists of:
George N. Norton, Aaron Wiener, Da
vid Brown, 4 James B. Robinson, Ed
ward L. Snell, Erland Dryselius, John
Huber, Gustave Neuburger, John Cor
bett, George \V. Reynolds, Louis
Goodday and Joseph Beaumont.
James Smith Is Charged With Shoot-
Ing ami Killing A. O. Gallagher,
Striking Stableman.
MRS. MONNIER
FEARS GEORGE
WOULD RECOVER
COIN INVESTED
SAN FRANCISCO DESCRIBED
IN ATTRACTIVE PAMPHLET
COLORED NON-UNION MAN
ON TRIAL FOR MURDER
PEORIA, 111., Sept. 27.— The engage
ment of Captain Louis Nl Bash, U. S.
A., now serving in the Philippines, to
Miss Bertha Runkle, of New York, au
thor of the novel "The Helmet of
Navarre," which created a sensa
tion when published in serial form,
has been announced. Captain Bash is
the son of Major Bash, retired, of this
city. Miss Runkle spent the summer
in the Isle of Wight gathering material
for her forthcoming book. The wed
ding is to take place at her New York
home late in the autumn.
AUTHOIl OF "THE HELMET OP
NAVARRE." WHO IS TO WED
ARMY OFFICER.
A mcPtlng of great interest to the
peoprte of Colusa will take place in
this city to-day at 203 California
Ftreet. when reports will be made
relative to the progress of the project
to establish at Colusa a beet sugar
factory- A company has been organ
ized, known as the Colusa Sugar Cora
jjany. the directors of which are A.
I>. Cutler. T. Harrington. F. V. Kel
logg. J. A. Chanslor. C. H. Shaw. D.
B. de Jarnett and J. S. Dyer. It will
bo reported to the directors to-day,
when they come together, that farm
ers cbout Colusa have agreed to de
vote 4000 acres to the cultivation of
sugar beets. Experts have looked
over the land and have reported fav
orably concerning its chemical adap
tation to sugar beet culture. The
money for the enterprise has been
largely subscribed by the people of
Colusa, and the undertaking has been
rncouraged by the local papers in the
Sacramento Valley. ThAJ Sacramento
Valley Development Association has
also favored it.
Uirrfiors of Sn^ar Beet Company
Meet To-Day in Tills City to Ke
ct-ive Reports.
Miss Ellie Ewing, niece of Mrs. R. A.
Vance, will be hostess at a luncheon
on Saturday in honor .of Miss Marie
Claire Adam, whose wedding occurs
early next month. .
The guest list will Include the bridal
party and congenial friends to the
number of twenty-five, many matrons
Mrs. W. A. Lange, secretary of this
splendid branch of philanthropy, is
looking after the details.
On Friday the Needlework Guild will
give a "tea" at Miss West's School,
2014 Van Ness avenue, to which 400
invitations have been issued.
To-night the euchre tournament for
the benefit of St. Brigid's Church will
take place at Cotillion Hall. A bevy
of pretty maids have promised to
score. The tickets ($1) are on sale at
27 Grant avenue.
Miss Jennie Blair entertained in her
own inimitable fashion last night at
dinner Miss Katherine Dillon and her
fiance, Lieutenant Emory WInship, the
guests of honor. Ten guests toasted
the health and happiness of the naval
hero and his bride-to-be, whose nup
tials will take place soon.
Fair indeed was the bride in her nup
tial robe of embroidered crepe, a veil
of tulle falling from a half wreath of
orange blossoms, and bearing on her
arm a shower bouquet of lilies-of-the
valley. She was attended by Mrs. Al
fred Sutro — herself a recent bride —
who was fetchingly gowned In yellow
crepe de chine, embroidered in gold,
and carrying yellow chrysanthemums.
Oscar Sutro served the groom.
After the ceremony Alfred Sutro and
his bride shared the greetings extended
the newly blessed pair.
Mr. Loewenstein and his bride start
East to-day, expecting to remain away
three months. In February they will
Bail for the Philippines, where are Mr.
Loewenstein's interests. And thus will
another California bride grace the co
terie of Americans In Uncle Sam's new
possession.
The ceremony, read by Dr. Voorsan
ger, was attended only by the families
of the bride and groom, but to the re
ception that followed a hundred guests
were bidden.
By decree of love Century Hall be
came last night the fairest of nuptial
bowers, for beneath a canopy of yellow
and white blossoms and forest ferns
Miss Anna Sutro plighted her troth to
Maurice F. Loewenstein.
COLCSA IS CONCERNED
IN A NEW ENTERPRISE
IN BOWER OF
FLOWERS VOWS
ARE PLIGHTED
nate cruelty; by Judge Sloss to Ada
M. Kilroy from James P. Kilroy,
desertion; by Judge Troutt to Albert
8L. Thurlow from Marion Thurlow, in
lidelity; by Judge Helibard to Josie
Wisner from Albert H. Wisner, cruelty.
In the latter case the court ordered
the husband to grivc his wife $700 of
the J1SQD he has in bank.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judjre Graham to Elizabeth Johansea
from Dedrik Johansen, for desertion;
to Anna Fleischer from Herman
Fleischer,- neglect; by Judge Kerrigan
to Marv Fortunato from John Fortu-
Suits for divorce vrere filed yesterday
by Ida C. Grove against Edward D.
Grove, desertion: Amelia de Long
£frainst William de Long, neglect;
Maggie H. C. Witte against Andrew
Witte, desertion.
Another actress who has tired of the
shifting scenes of matrimony is Maud
ce Lacey, formerly Maud Vinci, who
married Jean de Lacey in Perth, West
ern Australia, two years ago. She al
leges that while on a theatrical tour
with her husband, at Honolulu, he
kicked and beat her so badly that she
was confined to her bed for several
days.
Ira P. Wilkerson Is not going to
abide by Judse Murasky's decision In
granting an -Interlocutory decree to
Maud Amber Wilkerson, actress,- on
March "S last. The decree was entered
on April 1. and the six months fixed
by law in which an appeal can be
taken to the Supreme Court expires
next Saturday. Wllkerson's attorney,
was In the County Clerk's office
yesterday looking up the papers
in the case and the appeal will
probably be taken to-day. The point
upon which the higher court will be
asked to pass is whether or not Mrs.
Wilkerson had acauired a residence in
California at the time she commenced
her suit In October, 1903. She testified
that ehe and Wilkerson came here
from Xew York in November, 1902,
under a twenty weeks* engagement
with Fischer's Theater. She left her
household furniture in a New York
flat and paid rent for the apartments
wMle away, but said that she was not
jroir.g back to the metropolis unless
the got •'out of work." While here Wil
kerson went out with a traveling com
pany and his wife sought a separation
on account of his alleged undue inti
rr.acy with one of the members of the
troupe.
The Board of Education yesterday
hit upon a plan to , relieve the con
ditions existing in certain schools
whereby some white pupils have had
to be excluded therefrom owing to the
previous enrollment of Japanese pupils.
After the meeting last Monday of the
Supervisors' Finance Committee, which
decided that there was no available
funds to build a separate school for
the Japanese, a committee of Japanese
parents headed *by Bishop Harris of
the Japanese . Mission and Secretary
Richardson of the Japanese Consulate
waited on the School Directors and a
long discussion of the matter followed.
, The committee agreed that some
thing should be done to relieve the
situation and as one way out of the
difficulty declared through Bishop
Harris that it woul<J do all in Its power
to discountenance the attendance of
adult Japanese pupils in . the various
schools. It was stated that there are
quite a few Japanese over 21 years of
age who sit In the same classrooms
with boys and girls of tender years.
This was regarded as unjust by the
committee and steps will be taken to
compel the adults to cease attending
school. This was agreed to in view of
the fact that the legal school age is
between five and twenty-one. It is
hoped that this plan will result in the
non-attendance of some Japanese
pupils at the Polytechnic High School,
where white pupils are denied the use
of the lathes in the manual training
department.
Superintendent of Schools Ltangdon
yesterday issued a circular to prin
cipals ahd teachers notifying them that
In future monthly marks of pupils
should be based upon a combination of
their, oral recitation and written work.
The practice of basing the monthly
standing solely upon the result of a
single examination is disapproved. The
circular continues:
In order that the spirit of the coarse of
study may be carried out throughout the de
partment. It is essential that teachers famil
.iarize themselves not only with the work laid
down for their particular grades, but with
the entire course. Especially important is it
that the introductions to each subject be care
fully studied, since they apply to the work of
al the grades.
Owins to the chanee from vertical to slant
writing, it will be necessary to lay unusual
stress upon penmanship. The two points to
be Insisted upon are a proper position of the
band and a free and easy movement secured
by movement drills. i
The use of books for composition Is rec
ommended, but a system ofi folders or covers
to contain a pupil's exercise will be satisfac
tory. It is recommended and strongly urged
that both the boys and girls be sent to manual
training and cooklnz at the same time,' leav
lnr the teachers free to correct the compo
sition work of the class. The supervisors . of
these subjects will gladly co-operate to ar
range the hours as above Indicated.
Director Roncovleri received a letter
from a principal of another school call
ing attention to the dangerous condition
of the vaults and flooring in the build
ing. A meeting will shortly be held
at which the Supervisors' Finance
Committee will allow certain moneys
for whatever repairs are most urgent.
Monthly Standing of Pu
pils Not to Be Based on
Eesult of an •Examination
Comes From Xew York oa
. a, Theatrical Engagement.
Other Divorce Matters
KESIDEXCE ES T QUESTION
CONFERS WITH PARENTS
Actor Ira P. Wilkerson to
Fight His Wife's Decree
in the Supreme Tribunal
Board of Education Hits
on Plan to Relieve Sit
uation in Public Schools
HIGHER COURT
MUST DECIDE
ADULT JAPANESE
TO BE BARRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904.
Author of "The Helmet of Navarre" Is to Become
The Wife of Captain Lours N. Bash, Now Serv
ing With His Regiment in the Philippine Islands
MISS BERTHA RUNKLE ENGAGED
TO MARRY INTO AMERICAN ARMY
FREE— —F^EE— -FREE
TOBOGGAN— — . — : —
_ — . MAPLE - ' ' -
'. — — . — — - — — SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page. HEKS
......
100,402,500
BOTTLES OF
SOLD IN I9O3
1,410,402,500 Bottles Sold
from 1875 to I9O4
The Anheuser-Busch Brewery is the Greatest Attrao
tion of the World's Fair City. Competent Guides to
welcome and conduct Visitors throughout the plant
Orders Promptly Filled by >_^_m
TTLLMANN & 6ENDEL, Pacific Coast Distributors.
f^ " THEEMPORTUM. ' ' t .™j E ?_ [ • THE EMPORIUM.
I' This is a week of great bargain chances for Emporium
5 patrons— Xh e housekeepers' supply sales have never been surpassed tor
$ good qualities and little prices. The Carpets at $1:12, the Linoleums at 42}£c
$ should be examined and compared with the next best values in town if you are
$ in need of floor coverings. Blankets we know were never cheaper for such ex-
% cellent qualities. Linens wonderfully cheap; and Towels, too. But you must come down and see
j? for yourself. To-day a dozen new sales, a few of them told of here. f |t: ? r
I Scarfs and Squares 36c Good Things From the
$ Worth Up to 75c each Housekeepers' Supply Sale
jf Added to the^housekeepers' supply sale for this This is the Last Day
J . last day, hundreds of stamped linens, scarfs, $7.50 white Bfankeb-B.-«t GiifornS. wool, 7 -a«., pu $5.7B
K center pieces and table covers; some hem- 54-50 White Blankets— Bat Oregon wool, 4-0*., pair.'. $3.28
5? stitched, some plain, every piece desirable p 00 * 1 we «ins Bed Ccmfcrten— light wogh^ deaa filling. . 88c
| and in 6 ood season to be R in your holiday fancy %;!&&£££££££;. " \ \ %'&%
Jf work; regular prices 50c, 65c, 7ac l&fig* H :avy Crochet Bed Spreidi- Fuii«i«, good patten*. ... 88o
Jf each; to-day only, your choice • • ****** 76xo.o-!nch Bleached Sheets— Uwallr 55c, for . ..... . 44o
H b Sixfjo-inch Linen finished Sheets — Uinallr 70c, for . . . . 57 C
*C \u25a0 m jr jl 9 a*. *V0 75c German Damasks — 63 inches wide . 54o
J» tntantS &nOeS 7&C Damask Toweling- Neat red border, ike pattern, yard. . . . Sc
*? 11/^^iU <t> r ~~4L~ J***~ Huck Towels— 18x36 inches, rood linen, rood absorbeats, each #3O
K Worth $1.2$ the pair Turkijh Uwth _j m bSSJ^^of * 3 . 5 o do*., «ch . 23o
2» These are jost the shoes for the little «*^^9Si And many more equally as good domestic items.
.** tots to Icarn to walk in; the picture UJtlliiii| $ IZ S » et » celebrated Potts Sad Irons 65o
£ gives you a fair idea of the sensible *" Jpg&SgSk f !'" *"*• ** fts -*J »£»J»V». *** 98o
•* . 1 . .. . . . J$fcsisW<$k $1.50 Gas Ovens— For bine flame oil or gas store . . ,.. . S8c
X style; \ note the broad round toes J^Mjgi il.00 Shoe Sh!ners-With last, for muT^-mea *aJ cHMrea 69o
g, that will not pinch the Iitt;e \u25a0 '&&0Z^JMfl And 20 other equally as good specials in house furnishings.
t£ feet. They are mace of '^^tf^^S^ LaC£ Curtain Str 'P J or Half Pairs— Each . . 19c, 39o, 7&C
ft soft vici kid, with patent /W&^ljr'^ FJneLaceCurtaiiis-Perpre4o F 70c^0o,5*-2S,tff-8S
5 i* v • j • j dJS**^>^^^ Sterling Silver Tableware— Fancy spcons, ladle*, etc., imtod of
a leather tips and mottied jr. 00, each . 70©
i£ gray velour tops; to-day and balance m 9O i m- wviim Roger** triple plated table knira, set of 6 . . . .$1.08
ft week, whi'e quantity lasts, per pair . . M %*& Rogers Bret.* 18+7 table and dessertspoons, 6 for S2.12
ig w^^ mmmmm^ mmmt^—^^^ mm^^ mmmmmmm^ mmmm^ mmmmm^.^ mm^ m Rogs" Bros.* 1847 table and dessert forks, 6 for. ..... $2 m 12
H r- eg <r* -j, g* MA Stth Thomas Mantel ClocK—Rifgnlarly J6. 50, each. . .$4.87
tf rUit &Uif Patterns And a hundred other equally as good bargains for house-
j: - - At $3.45 and $4.95 _ __ *Z£L
•£ Don't buy your every day winter dress until yon Sale Of PlCtUfGS
g. have .een these two awortments. They arc positively Parlor S, Dining-room, B edroOTH
I the best Dress Goods va.ues in town. We offcr yoa thcse two f ot$ of pictnrej g^
J Tailor Suit!ngs-Ina6 different weaves and an almost unlimited on l y a: a b out half the price exclusive trt store* would
.» number .of color effects for. fill and winter; complete suit pattern , .-»* . *
£ this week '••... \ $3.45 ChargC y .° U: • >
$ Mixed Suitings-Ia the new cashmrre finish", the medium all-the- "»/ , 'f^ \u25a0""? £ m wM< : ff** *** ~*
K , — . , , , . .. '. . , , frame with ornamental corners, inside dimensions
g year-round weight for this cl,n»te_not the heavy burdensome g bch „ £ £ ulepfice>j# . $1,60
h kmd; a great variety of pattern. » brown,, gray b.oes, greens, . >^ m frame, wk metal corners, Sored matT
I Sftr" ' ' A COmpletC tUlt Fa S fli - e «4XH -lea, regular *£ 5 ~h, .ale P r2 ZZ *«
j . . ........ .«. 9mm§U
i Safe Wrappers 95c~$f.1O Petticoats SSc
J This is the last day .,_ It!™ Worth $i 35 Each
6 -Two big lots of wrappers that have just come in from j VlYu New Arrivals. JllSt lin~
J the Eastern manufacturers, who were g'ad to have . l\|\\ nacked Ve^terriav Rlark
S this big order to fill in between iht seasons, and accepted a much I J\\\\ F a^ c U y ColCrUdy. D13CK
*>* lower price than usual on that account. They are mat and good f\\li t WHltC SatCefl p6tU~
J» looking, are made of excellent flannelette, in silvrr gray, bine, 3 \lft - COltS, in the heavy winter weights.
£> black or red and white, with full wide skirts, deep rafH: on bottom, il\l\ Thev are t-nr fn'l *r,A ™»?rU „;,; 1
g tight-fitting back, W front, epau'et .houlder effect. TWay.nlv: f j \\U\ * 7 "' ™J f °" "° Wlde ' Wlth *
K - *. .*,- , - ' v - ; l\ % \l\|V fall flare flounce around
% $ .25 va ties for 95c ; . ll | f MtV bottoro > wiA «"PP* d
I- $1.50 values for $1.10 J ti lUWk band, in .olid black. They
| Sate link's Soap 12^c * MM!w^ ZTTX^^tl
af Just half price for these popular brands <^j|\WvSm!!^^^ each — enough for onz
j. Kirk's Toilet Soaps, which are sold all over the day's selling at ftff^
* United States regularly at 25c the box: t , +9&C
&" Milton, Savon T Etoile, Violet, La Duchesse. Second Moor. -w-' .
•f ,
* Hard miDed, delicately p:r- tW uj V Jowolry Mado
»» fumedj to-day only, __ /V? X/^ \u25a0*\u25a0 7*H ' Y/hUo YOU Walt
H two boxes for . . \u25a0 &0G jrfZ* S> Ss£* M M^/ J^ JL . m m *"W->^, A nzvr u**™ 1 ** "> rotunda—
£ Velva Toilet ind Manicure T g 'j [CJI&I£MjUC444ffl^, ringsT { \r a c e 1 e t ., brooch^
*. „ So-'p - SoMin drug stores CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- * n*™«» etc? of seamless gold
$ 15c a cake, Ine tm- — - N I i/ill 'jl^H' 1 B "" filled *"\u25a0«, mads to your order
J, porium fpecial price .. OCr -"*^&&*»J-*» AMERICAS GRAND£ST STORS Wo to S3.OO
ti \
,_ _^ ADVEKnSEMEXTS.
1 ///0/f/ For a Uttle evening at home, an after-theater sup-^S\?^T| I
\ f /r/^ per, or for'the unexpected guest to whom a dish MX Ij
\ ' ffi served hot Is particularly desirable \mi
W The Chafing Dish t/a
A\ Za Indispensable and Easily -Manipulated /(/I
I \ We have them in planished copper, extra heavy nickel-plated, I" I
I V tin-lined pan. , . _„-. I I
1 a-plnt capacity 83.50 1 3-plnt capacity *4.00 I And np to $20 If
1 All accessories carried In stock; book of recipes furnished witn I fl
Ik each dish — In our Silverware Department. yj I
f Nathan-Dohrmann (Jo.Theodore F. Carvell Dead.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept 27. — A
great many baseball enthusiasts who
witnessed the recent New York-Cleve
land series wondered why Jack Ches
bro did not use his famous "spit-ball"
oftener. One of the New York play
ers claims to have found out the se
cret to-day. The Cleveland team," he
relates, had basely purchased a small
bottle of tincture of capsicum, the
6ame being a liquid which is hotter
than tabasco sauce by several hundred
degrees. With this stuff did they care
fully anoint each ball put Into play.
In order to use his "spit-ball" success
fully, Chesbro has to draw his fingers
across his lips, thoroughly moistening
them. Any flnger that had rubbed
over that red-hot mess was bad med
icine for, the lips, as Chesbro soon dis
covered, ;* and the ball ; had . to be dis
carded.. In fact, they seem to .have
pretty effectually solved the problem,
"What shall be done to overcome the
V«'*-^"'''?miMMI I
PITCHER CRTESBRO CURED .
OF "SPIT-BALL" HABIT
Cleveland Players Anoint Sphere With
Tincture of Capsicum, Which
Proves Effective Medicine.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 27.
— The opponents of the freshmen at
football to-morrow will be the eleven
from the Oakland High School. This
team was defeated 6 to 0 by the Cali
fornia freshmen early in the season.'
Stanford will play practically the
same team she did against Santa Clara
last week. Lanagan will probably
play most of the freshmen squad for
the last time. After this game It « Is
expected the "baby" -team will take
some definite shape. The line-up:
Oakland. Positions.- Stanford.
Livingston 1* E. R .-... Overman
Havens ..L. T. R Bryan
Davis ....L. Q. R Moody
Bramhall .Center k co«
Langan «• O. L : .Gay
Greely R- T. u. Forrest
Bpangler R.- E. L. Wilson
Ghlradelli .Quarter Fenton
Jeckson L. H. R. ...... Cmdwalader
Countryman R. H. L. Kocher
Stow ............. .Fullback. .' Newman
STANFORD FRESHMEN
TO PLAY OAKLAND TEAM
ADMINISTKATOU GONE.— Public Admlnis
t-«t"r M. J. Hyne» p?Muon<>4 the court to
revoke the letters of adminfEtration on Mrs.
Mor*T.o'« estate eranted in 1**4 to S. O. Mor
ford. who left the State in 188$ and is eup
••oM-d to b* at Dawson, Alaska. Mrs. Moreno
di*a in lfSl. Her tiufband, who was th* first
pdminlfctrstcr of fbe estate, died in 18S4.
The . entertainment and dance given
by Company L, First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, at Native
Sons' Hall last night, proved a big
success. The large hall was 'Crowded
•with people and an excellent enter
tainment was given. After its com
pletion the hall was cleared for danc
ing and the merry throng glided over
the floor until midnight.
Miss Kitty Kelly and Ray Ceder
bloom, in vocal* selections, took the
housewith their melodious voices.
They were heartily encored- after each
selection. *
' .The entertainment was concluded by
a presentation of a medal to Robert
Burns by members of the company.
The following committee-, of ar
rangements, handled the affair: Lieu
tenant Thomas F. Mclntyre, [ chair
man; Captain. Frank J. Grimley,
treasurer; Lieutenant Charles Gaffney,
Sergeants Harry • j Korn and William
Brann, Corporals Ed. - Hubber, \. Dan
Hurst and F; E. McKnight, Privates
L. Cowles, William Gonzales and Jus
tin Mahoney. - '. '
Event Under Auspices of Company L,
League of the Cross Cadets, *
Proves a Bisr Success.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(American League.) 1 (National League.)
~; w. £. Pet. i w. l. Pet.
Boston!.. ...S7 *54 .617 New York.. 104 39 .727
New York.. 84 63 .613! Chicago .... 85 57 .590
Chicago ..,.S2. 69 .B81iPittsbUrg ..80 50 .575
Phldlphla-.,T4.. 80 .651! Cincinnati .. 81 «0 .574
Cleveland ..75 62 .547; St. Louis... 69 71 .403
Bt. Loul*... 60 78" .435, Brooklyn ..53 01.369
Detroit 56 82 .406j Boston ....5003.350
Washington 36 104 .245 \u25a0Phil'd'lphla 47 96 .329
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Mich.. Sept. 27.— New Tork won
a hard fought eleven-inning game from De
troit to-day. Utnplre CKLoughlin"* work dis
pleased the crowd to such an extent as to
almost cause a riot. Donovan was again put
out of the game and Mullin was also ejected
for throwing his glove at O'Loughltn in the
eleventh. Attendance, 1200. Score :
. R. H. K.
Detroit 1 7 2
New York 4 8 1
Batteries— Mullin, Raymond and Drill; Ches
bro and McQulre.
ST. LOUIS,. Sept. 27.— Although outbatted
in both games St. Louis won one and succeed
ed in tying one In a double-header to-day
with Philadelphia. Bender pitched a magnin
cent game in the second contest, allowing only
flva hits and Btriklng out eleven men. Tb6
second game was called at the end of. the
tenth inning on account of darkness. Atten
dance, 2300. Scores:
: First gam«— R. H. E.
St. Louis • 4 T 1
PhlladelphU. 2 9 5
Batteries^-Slever and Sugden: Henley and
SchreCk.
\u25a0Second same — ".It. H. E.
St. Louis 0 5 0
Philadelphia ...\... ... 0 11 2
Batteries — Sudhoff and- Sugden; Bender and
Schreck.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 27.— Boston did not get
a hit Off Rhoades to-day until after two were
retired in'th« ninth inning. Boston's on« run
was' secured on a pats, a steal, Ostdlck's wild
throw and an cut. Attendance. 1800. Score:
Cleveland 3 5 j
Batteries— Rhoades and Ostdlck; Olb«on and
Crlger. ;
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— The game was a pitch
er*' battle, with both men working at full
speed. Attendance, 2500. Score: ' •."
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 4 1
Washington ..".TT.tlfflgftaii
'\u25a0\u25a0'-. Batteries— Smith and Sullivan: Hughe* and
Clark.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.* .
MOW YORK. S*Dt. 27.— By defeating Ohl.
AMATEUR TALENT GIVE AN
EXCELLENT ENTERTAINMENT
EATS COMPANION ROBBED HER—D«l
jjpna Hrcht. 271 O'F»rr«H *tteet, secured
u Tvr.naiit in"n» Police Judce Conian yester
d«- for the arretit of Manuel Andreas on a.
< hurp'- ot crand I arc try. She saya Andreas
en Mondey afternoon *u.l« $220 in c-Ai. a
t£id »v*atc!» and brooch from li»r room. He
!..*d confifl«T«tely left $130. ' They had t*en
living tocfther.
. By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race — Lady Amelia, Invinci
ble, Ascension-
Second race — Walter Cleary, Jndge
Phillips, Neponset.
' Third race— Thomas entry, (St. Bd
lane or Voladay), Oiseau, Princess
Ri?l>ert.
Fourth race — Pulsus, Africander,
Shorthose.
Fifth race— lincroft, Juvenaga,
Jack McKeon.
Sixth race Glisten, Seymour, Gra
vina.
Condition of the track.— Fast.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 27. — Commo
dore Griswold, custodian of the Lip
ton challenge cup, hr- authorized Sec
retary Howard of the San Diego
Ta*ht Club to receive the cup and
turn it over to the winner, the De
troit.
Upton Cup for Yacht Detroit.
PHILADELPHIA. S»pt. £7.— Ewln^i nJtch
!ns puzzled the locals to-day and Cincinnati
won an *asy victory. Attendance 840. xh*
score:
n. h. e
Cincinnati ....« g 1
Philadelphia 1 8 " 3
Batteries— Ewing. Schlel and . Street- Ft&z**
Caldwell and Roth. Umpires— Emsli4 aad
BOSTON. Sept. 27.— Boston won to-day**
game through Wtlhelm's clever pitching and
fast and heady play at critical moments. At
undance 1700.' Score: '\u25a0'";•
R. II. E.
Boston 2. -7 - 3
PUtsburg 1 2 5
Battftries— Wllhelm and . Ncedham; Lynch
and Phelpr. " Umpire — Johnstone.
Batteries — McFarland and Butler; Scanlon
and Rittcr. Umpire — Zimmer.
cago to-day New York won It* 104th victory,
making a new record. Attendance 3S00. The
score :
Chicago .* 2 IS* 4
Xew York r 6 8 1
Batteries— Lundgrrn and O'Neil; Ames and
Warner. Umpires — Carpenter and O'Day.
BROOKLYN, N. Y.. S«»t. 27.— For *!ght
innings at Washington Park to-day, it «e«med
the Brooklyns were to be shut out again, hut
in the ninth Hanlon's nine managed to bring
two men over the Dlnte. Th« St. Louis men
tallied four runs during the nine innings off
Scanlon'a pitching and some loose fielding.
The new men on the St. Loul* team. Murch.
11111 and Butler, all played good ball. Attend
ance £00. - Score:
R- H. E.
St. Louts 4 10 0
Brooklyn .a 4 u
The man who has been robbing tel
ephone boxes in the Mission waa
caught yesterday. Having a key with
\u25a0which he could open the receptacle for
nickels, he has been reaping a harvest
in stores and saloons, and until he was
detected irv the act of making off with
the tin box by Grocer H. D. Junck of
Seventeenth and Church streets yes
terday no clew to his Identity had
been obtained. There was $3.50 In
nickels in this haul. A short time be
fore he had looted the telephone In
Charles Stetson's store at Seventeenth
end Sanchez 'streets. His practice was
to pretend to use the telephone and
then at a favorable opportunity t»
open the box.
Telephone Box Thief Caught.
Boston Champions Fail to 3Iake a Hit
Off Rhodes Till the Ninth
; .Inning.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Lady Wilmot, Simplic
ity, Sly Muzette.
Second race— Lady Free Knight, St.
Merrylegs, Trossachs.
Third race — Ben Chance, Gloriosa,
Niaxus.
Fourth race— Monis, Ida Davis,
Kleinwood.
Fifth race— Lieutenant Rice, Del
Carina, Big Beach.
Sixth race— Ghats, Anna Beall, Ma
resca, v
Condition of the track— Slow.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
NEW' YORK 'PLAYS SCRAPPY
BALL AND BEATS DETROIT
First race^ — St. Flour. Bavarian,
Droniio. ' .
Second rt^ce — Torlo, Memphlan,
Ferbnia.
Third race— The Eye, , Trourere,
George T.
Fourth race— Worthlngton, Kin
dred, Lady Strathmore.
Fifth race^ — Barca, St. Slmonlan,
Hucena.
Sixth race— Lady Fonse, Howling
Dervish, Potente.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
A number of cases were held over for
further evidence, and the commission
adjourned subject to the call of Presi
dent Hermann.
Of contested cases In the respective
reserve lists the following drafts were
allowed: By Cleveland (American),
Kahl, from Colorado 'Springs; by" St.
Lcuis (National), Swindells, from
Butte; by Chicago (National), Whalen,
from San Francisco.
A request was received from the Pa
cific Coast League that the drafting
period for players In Its league should
not commence until . December L The
Secretary was directed to reply that
the commission had no power to
change the National Agreement, but
that it favored the proposition and
would submit the same to the Joint
annual meeting in January-
The draft by Cincinnati (National) of
Whalen from San Francisco, was not
allowed.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 27.— The Nation
al Baseball Commission, consisting of
August Hermann, president of the
commission. President Johnson of the
American League, and President Pul
liam of the National League, met here
to-day and passed on contested and
disputed cases in the drafting list.
Secretary Bruce was directed to not
ify President Bert of the Pacific Coast
League that the morfey due the New
York American League Club under the
Newton decision must be paid or the
player will be ineligible.
The commission refused to consider
the $95 claimed by Hulzeman from Spo
kane.
$onie of the Rulings Arc Against Clubs
and Players on This
DECISIONS ARE RENDERED
BY BASEBALL COMMISSION
Aside From the Main Event Bay CHy
CIub'6 Programme Contains
Some Lively Goes.
The main event of the Bay City
Club's boxing show last night was nor
punctuated with any undue amount of
blood. The two principals, Billy Mc-
Donald and Tom McGreal, seemed to
have it all framed up and after each
had passed out a few gentle taps Mc-
Donald suddenly cut loose with a cou
* rle of stiff jolts and McGreal sought
the carpet, where he remained till it
was all over. This happened in the
first round.
There was plenty of fight In the rest
of the programme. Harry Tenny
j.layed the game of chopping block
with Dirk Murray's head and al
* though the little red-headed man was
pame he never had a chance. Billy
Battin got George Henderson in the
second round, though he was all but
gono himself before the end finally
came. Ed Smith was handed the de
cision over Harry Baker, though the
latter youth won a mile. Chick Law
ler made Henry Maine «Quit in two
louuds and Ed Levin won a well
earned decision over John Ding.
In response to an Invitation L. M.
Fletcher, secretary j>f the California
State Board of Trade, visited the
Board of Trade at Berkeley yesterday
and discussed with its members the
matter of bringing before the public
the many natural advantages and pos
sibilities of the university city. The
climatic conditions of Berkeley com
pare favorably with those of any part
of California. Much interest was
shown at the meeting and the result
will be greater activity in the fu
ture. The Berkeley Board of Trade
plans to issue 20,000 booklets at an
early date. These will be distributed
by the local Board of Trade and also
by the California State Board of
Trade. Berkeley is growing very rap
idly. The population, by active pro
motion, can be increased. To appre
ciate the growth it is only necessary
to visit Berkeley ana see the beauti
ful residences and the substantial' of
fice and business buildings that are
being erected.
University City Is About to Issue Pub
lication Advertising Its Numer
ous Advantages.
First race, about six furlongs, handicap, all
aces, $1000 added — Lady Amelia 140, Collector
Jeeeup 123. Ascension 112, Major Pelham 118,
Monet 111. Letola 108. Invincible 105, Toscan
104, Handzarra 08. Blue and Orange 05, Mis*
Shylock 02. Sir Brillar 00.
Second race, steeplechase, selling, three
year-olds and up, about two miles — Neponsct
156. Valdez 156. Maiden 153. Judge Phillips
153, Walter Cleary 153. Horizontal 150, Vest
ment 147, Snuff 142, Domelik* 142, Pata
sonian 130.
Third race, the Holly handicap, two-year
olds, about Fix furlongs, |2000 added — Oiseau
120. St. Bellane 120, Olorifler 116, Flyback
110, Blahdy 114, Councilman 114, Broadcloth
114. TongOrder 114, Chrysitls 118, Pasadena
110, Princess Rupert 107, Voladay 106, Jim
Beattin 104, Gomara 102. Amstln Allen 06,
Bank 95. Merry Lark 05. Red Fox 86.
Fourth race, one and a halt miles, handi
cap, all ages, $1500 added — Africander 136,
Hhorthose 122. Puleus 115. Chrbuncl* 113,
Palm Reader 107. Cloverland 105, Brigand 85.
Aurumaster 02, Stonewall 87, Moon Daisy 80.
Fifth race, about six furlongs, selling, two
year-olds, |10O0 added — Sunray 110. Trapper
107. Ivanhoe 106, R. L. Johnston 105. Jack
McKeon 105. Bill Bailor II 104, Iks 8 104,
Juvenara 104. Salt and Pepper 104, Lincroft
102. Monochord 102, Handallce 100, Conauelo
II 104. Goldcroft 09, Wild Irishman 97, Daazl*
07. Black Bird 07.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing, three-year-olds and up. $1000 added—Cin
clnnatus 111. Locket 105, Stolen Moments 105,
Dapple Gold 104. Gravina 103,' BrlarthOrp*
108, Eagle 101, Champlaln 88. Glisten 96,
Midehipman 02, Seymour 89.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — Africander,
Shorthose, Pulsus and other flyers
will meet in .the handicap at one and
a half miles to-morrow at GraveBend.
The day's entries: .
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.*
Fifth race, six furlong*, selling — Ed Early
02, Green Rose 02, Sincerity Belle 04, Lieuten
ant Rica 05. Del Carina 06, Lou M 07, Bonnie
Prince Charlie 108, Big Beach 106.
Sixth race, clx furlongs, selling — Chock&yotte
00. Ghats 96. Mtmcn OS, Tristan Shandy 101,
Cyprlenne 101, Muresca 102. Mary McCaf
ferty 102, Anna Beall 102, Marco 102, Safe
guard 104, Orfeo 113.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Lady Frea
Knight 06, Trossachs 06, St. Merryleg* 06,
Belle Dodson 107. Jim Tyrrell 107, Pocassat
107. Sparrow Cop 107. Sir Hugh 107. Acco
107. Taxman 110.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Ethel Scruggs 89. Langford James 89, Charlie
Miller 06. Rabunta 08, Gloriosa 00, Niaxus
100, Ben Chance 102, Mr. Farnum 104.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — The Ha
waiian 102, Jusque La 102, Barrlngton 105,
KJ*lnwood 106, Ida Davis 107, Volla 107.
Monis 112.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27. The entries
for to-morrow's races at Worth track
fellow:
First race, five furlongs, purse — Dixie An
drews 110. Ette M 110, Laly Wilmot 110, Miss
Gunn 110, Ethel Barrymore 110, Mrs. Bob
110, Tuga 110. Simplicity 110A Mary Edna
110, Sly Musette 115, La Sagitte 115. The
Lorelei 115. .
McGREAL AND McDOXALD
FIGURE IN SHADY FIGHT
STATE TRADE BOARD AIDS I
IX PROMOTING BERKELEY
No game was played at Idora Park,
Oakland, yesterday owing to the non
arrival of the San Francisco team
from the north.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling — St. Slmonian i 108, Miracle II 100,
Bjrke Cochran 100, Barca 08. Hucena 05.
Sixth race, one mile, selHng — Potente 110,
Frank Rice 168. Judge Cantrill 105, Howling
Dervish 105, Caithness 105, Triple Silver 05,
Mildred L 85, Lady Fonse 05.
Second race, one mile, selling — Memphlan
10$. Colonel Ballantyne 108, Brewer Schorr
108 Hickory Corners 105, Feronla 105, Tan
gible 100. Bisuka 100. Torlo 85.
Third race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
maidens — Trapnall J 108, Harlequin 10S. J.
G. Drought 108. Trourere 10S. Shadow Prince
108. George T 103. The Eye 103. Aten 100.
\u25a0 Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Worthing
ton 106. BenEonhurst 106, Kindred 104, Sophia
Anderson 101, Lady Strathmore 101, Bettie De
ceiver 05.
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
maidens — St. Flour 108, Hachmeister 108, Ba
varian 105, John H. Klrby 105. Mr. Barnaby
1OB, Dromlo 103, John Randolph 100.
ST. LOUIS, Sept.' 27. — The races at
Delmar to-morrow attracted the fol
lc^'ing entries:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Baseball Games Postponed.
TACOMA. Sept. 27. — No game to
day between Taeoma and Seattle on
account of rain. \u25a0
Latter Threaten to Strike If Employers
Insist on Shoeing Horses for
Non-Union Stables.
No action was taken by the Master
Horseshoers' Association at its meet
ing last night regarding the threat
ened walkout of the Journeymen
Horseshoers* Union should the former
persist in shoeing horses from non
union stables. This issue Is now in
abeyance.
At the meeting of the Gas Workers'
Union last night the decision of the
parent body settling the contention of
the gas workers and the engineers as
sociated with them was approved and
the jurisdiction involved acceded to
without dissension, thus permitting the
engineers to remain members of the
Gas Workers' Union and also to hold
membership in the engineers' union.
Retail Clerks No. 432 meeting in
Pioneer Hall was addressed by Inter
national Organizer Miss Emma Lan
phere, who is visiting the coast in the
Interest of the Retail Clerks' Interna
tional Association. Three new mem
bers were initiated and arrangements
were made for a mass meeting of all
the retail clerks in the city, to be held
next Monday, October 3, at Social
Hall, Alcazar building.
The - law and legislative committee
of the Labor- Council is busy drafting
measures to be submitted to the next
legislative body, which will assemble
In Sacramento In January- The meas
ures under preparation are similar to
the ones that were presented two
years ago but failed to become law.
A fine of $250 was inflicted on Jo
seph Seyner of 21 Sixth street by the
Butchers' Board of Trade for selling
meat to a union market in Oakland.
In addition to this punishment he will
be refused meat from wholesale
slaughter-houses In this city until the
fine la paid, w '•' -.
MINER ESTATE SETTLED.— A d«er«« of
the final distribution of the estate of th«
Uto Stanton B. Miner was y«ot«rd*>y •igaad
by Ju'Jzo Coffey. The remaining oortlon of
the estate, which goes to hla daughter Ellen
G. Inc. consists of $1606 87 cash. 450'share*
of SDrtn« Valley Water Company rtock. ICO
shares of San Francisco Gas awl Electric
Company stock and three Spring Vall-y first
mortgage bonds.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Laura Hunter, 105 (W.Du) 6 16 16
9 to 1 — Kvenlng Star, 109 (Lin). 2 3h 2 3
6 to 1— Algonquin, 91 (Williams). 6 7 h S h
Time. -1:24. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Gaftney & Allen's b. m. (4), by Long
utreet-Vavasour. Howling Dervish 100, Miss
Manners 109. Dusky 98, Dr. Scharff 100. Atlas
W, Bugler 10C, Walnut Hill 04. finished aa
named. . • .
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
three-ycar-oids and up:
Betting. Horse. WelBht.Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Alcom R. 91 (Rice) 5 3 5 13
8 to 5 — Worthtngton, 104 (Dug) 1 1 h 2 1
15 to 1— St. Slmonlan, 104 (Youn) 10 8 2 3 2
Time, 1:69. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, N. J. Catalanotto'* ch. g. by Henry of
Navarre-Flittermouse. King's Charm 9". Net
tie Rtgent W. Lyrist 07. The Hebrew 94,
Canyon 112. Oria »4, Judsro Cantrell 00. fin
ished aa named. °
IIORSESHOERS' ASSOCIATION
PAYS NO HEED TO UXTOX
FOURTH RAC? — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Lone Wolf, 100 (McMull). 7 14 14
8tol— Yada, 110 (Lindsey) 8 6 4 2h
10 to 1— Terns Rod. 100 (Rice) 4 7 1 3 10
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, R. N. Vestal's b. g. by Prince Plenty-
Tootle Nlchola Lady Mercury 99. JunKle
Imp 107, Judge Brady 103. Renaissance 100,
Willowdene 107. Dorothy Dodd 95, finished as
named. . \u25a0
THIRD RACE— S«ven furlongs; three-year
olds and up: . •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Cheek Morgan. 05 (McLa) 7 3 112
1(1 to 1— Flora Levy, 101 (L.W1U) 4 1^21
15 to 1— POmpey, 106 (D. Austin). 2 28 310
Time. 1:88. . Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. B. Burnett & Co.'s ch. f. (3), by Gym
nast-Royal Nettie. Memphlan 10R. Northwind
104, MeUakatla 100, Kitty O 106, Orpheum
104, Illuminate 103. Branch n 106. John I 101,
finished aa named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Sept. 27.— Hastings re
placed Iberg In the fourth inning to
day after the Oaklands had scored
enough runs to win. The visitors did not
score after the fourth. Portland could
not tally after the fourth inning either,
when with four runs the team was one
behind Oakland. The first three men
up in the first inning found Iberg for a
hit apiece. This filled the bases and a
pouple of sacrifices brought home three
men. s
Portland had a chance to tie the
score in the ninth. Hastings reached
third with no one out. "Roaring
Bill" Hurley stepped to the plate. In
stead of one of his usual outfield files
that would have scored the man on
third he essayed a drive past second.
The ball bounced once in front of
Pitcher Jones and was then glued to
his mitt. Hastings had started homo
when the ball cracked against the bat
and was easily nailed. Jones pitched
good ball. Once before in the game ha
stopped a hot one. A line drive off the
bat came to him so fast he had no
choice but to nail it. Four new faces
showed up in the local team. The
Portland— ' i Oakland—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Dren*n.cf 4 12 1 0 Ganly, rf 5 1 12 0
Kurl'y.lb 5 0-113 O Frcks.ss 52401
Nad'u.lf 4 2 12 0 Dnlvy.If 4 12 3 0
Breck,3b 4 0 3 0 3:Schlaf.2b3 1 0 4 S
Holl'd.rf 4 0 0 0 OlKrugr.cf 4 0 13 1
Rkfd.Sb. 3 0 13 3 Strelb.lb 3 0 0 6 0
Runkle, s 4 0 0 1 4Devrx.3b 4 0 12 0
Btanly. c 3 0 O « 1 Byrnes, c 4 0 0 6 3
Ibers. p. 1 0 O 0 1 Jones,p. 4 0 0 14
Haatgs.p 21111
Totals. 38 6 0 27 14
Totals. 34 4 0 97 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS-
Portland ..... 1 0 1 2 O O 0 0 0 — I
Base Hit* 11231010 O—9
Oakland 3 O 2 O 0 O 00 0—5
Basd Hits 30310010 1—9
SUMMARY.
Errors — Hurley. Breck, Rockenfleld. Francks
2. Schlafley. Kruger, Devereaux. Earned runs
— Portland 1, Oakland 3. Stolen bases — Dun
leavy, Itockenfield. Base on balls — Off Hast
ings 1. Struck out — By Iberg 1, by Hastings
3. by Jones 4. Two-bae« hlta — Devereaux,
Rockenfleld. Three- base hit — Schlafley. Left
on bases — Portland 6, Oakland 8. Hit by
pitched ball — By Jones 2. Balk — By Hastings
1. First base on errors — Portland 4, Oakland
2. . Hits — Off Hasting* 3. Innings pitched —
By Iberp 3. Time of game — On# hour and
fifty minute*. Umpire — McCarthy.
Joe boxed seven fast rounds each
with Kid Sullivan and Rudolf Gross
man. «
Both of his sparring partners looked
pretty well battered up from Monday's
engagement, and barely lasted the
seven rounds. Bag punching and rope
jumping followed By a brisk rub-down
constituted the day's work.
Gans seems in grand condition and
says he is confident of besting Walcott.
Some of the Walcott enthusiasts who •
have seen him box Jack Johnson, Me-
Vey and others while in training, think
he Should rule a 1-to-S choice.
The' spectators are sure to see one
of the fastest fights ever decided here,
Both men are noted for their speed and
it seems a foregone conclusion that
Walcott will try to rush Gans off his
feet. Gans is a great defensive fighter
and can stand a lot of hustling about.
In the meantime he will be hitting
Walcctt harder and more frequently
than he has been 'hit in recent fights.
Manager Pierce pronounces Walcott
in better condition than he has been
for three years. In this time he has
fought a lot of big men, including
Sandy Ferstuson and Fred Russell, 210
pounds each: Black Bill, 200; Frank
Childs, 185; Billy Stift and George
Gardner, 170 each, and Young Peter
Jackson, 150 pounds. It will be a novel
experience to meet a man at equal
weight. v
Al Hereford saw Walcott box Holly
in Philadelphia on the 10th inst. and
thought Joe made a poor showing. It
so happened that Walcott knew he
tfas in the house and, scenting a pos
sible m&tch with Gans. fought • under
a wrap, only doing sufficient work to
hold his own. Hereford did not think
much of Joe's work then, but he has
changed his opinion since.
Fifteen miles on the road in the
morning and an hour's work in the
gymnasium followed by twelve rounds
of hard boxing rounded out yesterday's
work for Walcott. At the end of it all
the hard hitting little fighter said he
wished his battle with the other Joe —
Gans — was to take place at once.
No accident has marred Walcott's
training, afid he Is rejoicing over the
return of the warm weather, which will
aid him in keeping down to weight.
WaJcott Is of the opinion that Gans
expected he would be weak at 141
pounds, and he is using every effort to
disappoint his rival.
Walcott has begun his last week's
work with" a rush, land he Is anything*
but gentle with his sparring partners,
who much prefer getting out of the :
way rather than stop one of his hard
wallops.
Joe Gans was at ,lt /hammer and
tongs yesterday at his training quar
ters at Billy Shannon's Villa near San
Rafael. He took a fourteen-mile run
In the morning. Many sporting men
from this city visited his quarters to
watch him at work. Jack Welch, who
will referee the bout, was one of the
number.
Bettors seem unable to decide as be
tween the relative ability of "Walcott
and Gans in their light Friday night.
No mo'ney has been placed on the fight
yet and there is a wide difference of
opinion as to what odds the betting
will finally touch. The opening price
will probably be even money, after
which the volume of ' coin will de
termine the odds.
JPaciflc Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. w \, 1 £. P ?i:.
Taeoma . . . .34 24 .6S« Oakland 23 S2 .46.
Lob Anreles..3O 23 .6C0 Ban Fr'ncsco.SJ Z2 .4U»
Seattle 33 26 .559 Portland 22 3ft .3.8
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CINCINNATI. O., Sept. 27.— At the
Oakley Park Grand Circuit meeting to
day in the Horse Review Futurity
stakes for foals of 1901, purse 57000, Alta
Axworthy, after finishing sixth to Prln
cess.Athel in the first heat and second
to Grace Bond In the second heat, won
the race in three straight heats. He
made a world's record for the best five
heats ever trotted by 3-year-olds, as
well as a world's record for the fastest
fifth heat ever trotted by a 3-year-old.
In the first heat Grace Bond led until
fifty yards from the wire, when she
broke. Princess Athel winning: from
Willeene. Grace Bond won the sec
ond heat from start to finish in easy
fashion.
E. E. Smathers' John M. In the 2:05
pace, won the second heat In 2:03 J-4,
the fastest mile shown in & race this
season. Results:
2:20 class, trottla*;. th« Qaeen City, par**
53000. three In lire— Lisonjw* won thr««
straight heats la 2:00*4. 2:004 and 2:094.
Snyder McGregor, Jolly Bachalor, Bonnie Ru»
sell. Stanley Dillon, Blackthorn* and Myopia
also started.
2:05 pace, purs* $1500. thre« In fiv« — John
M won the second, third and fourth neat* tn
2:03%. 2:06 and 2:05-\. Nathan Straus won
the first heat In 2:05%. Edith W, little
Squaw and Halchiften also started.
Horse Review futurity, trotting for foals of
1901, pure* $7000, three in five— Alta Ax
worthy won the third, fourth and fifth h«at»
In 2:13. 2:11% aad 2:114. Grac* Bond won
the second heat In 2:11<4. Princes* Athel won
the first heat In 2:144. Willeene. Alice Ed
gar. Jessie Benyoo, Gazote and Floy Medium
also started.
The fight drew the biggest and high
est priced hous« of any fight ever given
In Los Angeles. Every seat and all
the standing room had been sold before
the opening. Charles Eyton refereed
the fight and his decision In favor of
McCoy was satisfactory to everybody.
McCoy surprised the crowd by going
twenty rounds, most of which- were
full of rough work. In his training
he appeared to be preparing himself
for a Fhort fight and it was the opin
ion of the betting public that If he
failed to beat Sullivan tn ten rounds he
rr«>uld lose his speed and cleverness.
He finished in fairly good shape. Sul
livan fought a. game battle and. was al
ways ready to mix it. In fact, he
shewed to bett«r advantage when
fisrhtin* at close range and several of
his ehcrt-arm lefts in McCoy's stomach
worried the Hoosier. There was about
five pounds difference in the jveights,
McCoy weighinc 161 and Sullivan 156.
There was considerable betting* on, the
rounds, the favorite wager being Mc-
Coy to win in ten rounds.
. Although McCoy left the ring with
out a mark, he did not escape punish
ment from body blows. Sullivan's face
was badly cut up and his nose and eye
swollen.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 27.— "Kid" Mc-
Coy was given the decision over Jack
CTtvtn ") Sullivan of Boston to-night
at the end of twenty rounds of lighting
at the pavilion. The lisht was a fierce
one from the start, both men taking
advantage of every point that was
Khort o£ actual fouling. McCoy pun
iEhod Sulli^in severely, having his
nose and mouth bleeding in every
round after the filth. Sullivan
struck McCoy low in the clinches,
but did no damage, and as
McCoy did nut claim a foul the referee
gave no attention to it. McCoy, on
the other hand, gave Sullivan the heel
of the glove in the face in the clinches
when an opportunity offered. The
crowd Jeered each man in turn. Bar
ring the unfair tactics of the men,
\u25a0which did no damage, the nght was a
good one.
Sullivan appeared in the better con
dition and, although he was groggy at
the end of several rounds and down for
the count in the twelfth, he recuperated
quickly and came back in each succes
sive round strong. McCoy tired after
the twelfth, but was so much the bet
ter tins general and boxer that he was
able to take it easy whenever he chose.
In the twelfth, which was the hard
est round. McCoy hammered Sullivan
oa the 'fact: and body until the Boston
man went down and took the count'
of nine. He managed to get to his feet
jUFt as the gong rang. This probably
saved him from a knock-out. McCoy
Ehowed all his old cleverness and gen
eralship, but did not appear to have
the punch that has won him many bat
tles. Although he landed his right
ruany times on Sullivan's jaw and
body, he failed to put him down more
than ynce, although staggering him
half a dozen times.
- \u25a0» *
Record House Witnesses the
Contest and Spectators
Are Satisfied With Sport
Ball Travels to Him at Such
Speed That He -Has No
Choice but to Nail It
Bout Promises fo Be One of
the Fastest Ever Seen in
the King on This Coast
JONES STOPS A HOT ONE
SIXTH RACE— On« and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; all aces:
Pitting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. *t Fin.
9 to 20— Alan-a-Dale, 126 (Lyne) 1 2 1%1 1
2 to 1— Jack Ratlin, 108 (HIM) 3 11%2 4
2'» to 1 — Ethics, 96 (H. Cochran) 2 3 1 3 8
Time, 1:48 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. C. McDowell's ch. h. by Palma-
Fadie ilcXalry. Louis H, Lord Melbourne
finished as named. . *
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlong*;
maiden three-year-old fillies; selling:
netting. Hots*. Weight. Jockay. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Qufpn Rosa. 100 (H.Coch) 4 12 1 1 H
7 to 2— Druid. 106 tBurns) 5 4h 2h
9 to 5— Delusion, 96 (W.Davis). 6 3*4 3 6
Time, 1:08 3-5. Start poor. Won ridden out.
Winner, D. Gideon's ch. I. by His Highness-
Rosebud. Black Cat, Sumatra, Myopia,
Bisque, Suffice, Bravery. Nightmare, Fair Rev
eler, Little Buttercup, Holy Smoke finished a*
named.
FOURTH RACE— About one and thr«*
quarter miles; the.Hindoo; three- year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.- St. \ Fin.
9 to 1O— Stalwart. 126 (Redfern). 4 4 1«
7 to 1— Broomstick. 128 (Burns). 2 3 H$a ••
3 to '1 — Ormonde's R't, 108(Lyn«) S 2 % 8 10
Time, 3:00. Start "good. W6n easily. Win
ner. E. K. Thomas' ch. o. by MeddUr-Belba.
St. Valentine also ran.
THIRD RACE— On* and a sixteenth mil**;
selling; for three-year-olds and up:
Bating. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Canteen. 10s> (J. Martin) 2 t 1%1 1
6 to 6— Lady RohesU, Ml (W.Dvs) 6 6 3 2 2H
20 to 1— Daisy Grtn. 105 (H.Phlps) 1 1 h 3 4
\u25a0 Time, 1:48 4-5. Start very bad. Won driv
ing. Winner, H. T. Griffin's br. f. by Mirth
ful-Partridge. Akela, Sais, Hydrangea, Allan,
Wizard, Pronta, Vagary, April Showers, Dr.
Loder. finished as named.
Time. 1:11. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. Paset's ch. f. by Rublcon-Sarapbln.
Workman. Fancy Dress, Flyback, Amber Jack,
ButtlUiK. Mlstlss. .Tho Chantlcle«r, finished as
nam.x).
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; tor
two-y^ar-olds:
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 5— Craraphlne, 115 (Lyne).. 4 1% In
Stol— Derry, 00 (McCafferty) . . . 6 6 % 2 %
VZ to 1— i;in» Echo, 106 (Burns).. 6 '1 I»j3 \
GRAVESEND, Sept. 27.— Thoughtful
race-goers had a stronger opinion than
ever before of the real capacity of Bel
dame when they saw the ridiculously
easy victory achieved by Stalwart to
day in the $15,000 Hindoo stakes. His
stable companion, St. Valentine, made
the running, Odom being compelled to
tap him on the side of the head on the
turns to keep him at the rail or near
It. Stalwart was last for the first mile
and a Quarter. ;
The pace increased then and as St.
Valentine retired, Broomstick assumed
command. When Stalwart began his
run, he was at least four lengths be
hind Broomstick. In the next furlong
add a half, Mr. Thomas' colt was in
front of Broomstick, thus outrunning
that fairly good colt at least five
lengths in the short distance mention
ed. Redfern pulled Stalwart up long
before the finish and the colt cantered
In several lengths in front, although he
could have won by forty yards. Broom
stick was second and heavily played.
Ormonde's Right was third. The time,
3:00, was slow for; the course, about
one and three quarter miles. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— About alx furlongs; selling;
for thrpe-y ear-olds and*ip:
Bettin/ Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fia.
3 to 1— Right & True. 97 (Trvera) 1 1 hi 1 h
20 to 1— Old Knglahd ,98 (Schlllng) 6 2 2 2 4,
10 to 1— Counterpoise, US (Kunz).U 9 3b
Time, 1:10 4-5. Start straggling. Won
driving. Winner, Sylvester Stable's b. h. by
Tristan-EllerEllc. Jamee V, Cast&llan, Aatarlta,
Funnyside, Palette, Clear the Arena, Little
Km. Duchess Ollie. Reticent. Vlncennes, Mary
Glenn, Fort Plain, Pat Bulzer, finlihed a*
named.
THBEE-YEAE-0LD STAE
Alta Axworthy Wins Horse
Keview Futurity Stakes
in Sensational Style
SECOND RAC£— Five furlongs; two-year
olds: \u25a0•
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Lady Lou, 100 (Seder).. 3 31% lh
2 to 1— My Eleanor.105 (W.Dud) 8 2 % 2 4
20 to 1 — Chancy. 100 (McLaugh). 0 7 3 3 3
Time. 1:10V*. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. H. Fizer & Co.'s b. f. by Al
gol-Free Lady. Ethel'* Pride 103. Fred Prles
meyer 100, Miss Powell 103. Jack Moran 109,
Monogram 105, Military Girl 100. Captain Bro
laski 1C0. Anvalena 103, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS' Sept. 27.— What may turn
out a big scandal developed after the
fourth race at Delmar to-day when the
hot favorite, Jungle Imp, was beaten
off by Lone Wolf, an outsider. The
judges called for the sheets of , the
books and an investigation is being
ntade by them on the supposition that
the race was a "shoo in." Pending fur
ther investigation Jungle Imp's rider.
Jockey . Sedec, was : suspended. Lone
Wolf was beaten off in an inferior field
a day or two ago. Check Morgan was
the only winning favorite. The weath
er was clear and the track muddy. At
tendance 6000. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; thre*-year
olds and lip:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
JO tol— Albertcla. 95 (Dlckson).. 4 lh Ih
5 to 1 — Turrando. 100 (D. Aust) 3 2 1 2 3
4tol— Torlo, 85 (Rice).. 5 3% 34
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, N. Bennington's b. f. by Albert-
Bonnie Ola. Glcndoiv 109. Miracle II 106. Lady
Matchless 101, Sir Carter 100. Reglna 100,
Hickory Corners 106, Escanaba 100, Jennia
Hughes 106, finished as named. >.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIFTH RACE>— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
12 to 1— Miss Jordan, 100 (Wilson) 3 3 2ftl n
11 to 6— Subtle, 105 (Aubuchon).. 6 4h 2n
7 to 2— Bowling Bridge, 103 (Nicl) 2 1 2 3 h
Time, 1:07. Start good.' Won driving. Win
ner, E. R. Bradley's br. f. by Sir Dixon-
Adele. Sis Lee 10O. Flaxman 113, Clara Berry
100, Odelot 100, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Svrtftwlng, 112 (Mclntyrfe) 7 11 12
6 to 1— B. Caldwell, 108 (Morsn) 1 4 4 2 3
11 to 6— LoulBvlIle, 102 (Shaver).. 4 2 1 3 Vi
Time, 2:08 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. H. Ryan's ch. g. (4) by Al Far
row-Rightwing. O'Hagen 102, Horton 110.
The Way 110. Royal Pirate 107. finished a*
named.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
purse; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Spencerian, 103 (Shaver) . . 1 15 14
Even — Reservation, 115 (Minder) 3 2 2 2 7
10 to 1— Port Royal. 112 (Tooman) 2 3 3
Time, 1:56 4-5. 'Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. H. Dernham's "b. f. (3) by Free
Kr.lght-Sarah Davis. (Three starters).
THIRD RACK— Seven furlongs: all age*;
purse :
Betting. Korea, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Katie Powers, 104 (Wll). 4 11 18
4 to 1 -rlAirallghter, 107 (Stille). 7 4 6 2 4
10 to 1 — Barkclmore, 110 (Pre«). 3 3 1 3 2
Time,' 1:36 3-5. Start good. Won In a
canter. Winner, W. P. Reardon'a b. f." (3) by
Longstreet-Mlss Modish. Little Elkin 107.
Annie Alone 102, Gypzene 110. Safety Light
107, finished a* named.
SECOND RACE— On* mil*, three- year-Olds
and up; Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— PUutua. 101 (R. John).. 7 T % 11
7 to 1 — Falernian, 09 (Shaver). 4 4 VZ 2 7
11 to 10— Ebony, 10C (Bell) 2 2 6 3 15
Time. 1:52. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. H. Hudlun's br. g. (3) by Lampltgbter-
Mli* Dlxon. Uria Lelb 9ti, Dutiful nil. Miss
Melton SS. General Steward 96, finished a*
named.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— Mrs! Hart Dern
ham's filly, Spencerian, added another
victory to her already long list when
she won the fourth race at "Worth to
day from the great Canadian mudder,
Reservation, which has a victory over
ClaudeVto his credit. This race was
the distinct feature of the Worth card
and the two horses had a large follow
ing. Spencerian opened at 6 to 5 and
Reservation at 4 to 5. At one time
the odds had been reversed and finally
both went to post at "even money and
take your choice" with the fllly carry
ing the bulk of the play. Port Royal,
the only other starter, *vas friendless at
10 to 1. Spencerian shot to the front
around the first turn and took a lead
ot four lengths. At the half-mile pole
Reservation moved up and many
thought he would run over Spencerian,
but when Shaver called on her again
she moved up with ease. She turned
for home five lengths in front and won
pulled up. The track to-day wa» the
worst seen around Chicago this season.
The time, 1:56 4-5 for a mile and seven
ty yards, stands as proof against the
track record of 1:43 1-6. The weather
was cloudy and threatening and the at
tendance only fair. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlong*; three-year-olfls
and up; selling:
Betting:. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 2— Maggie Lelber, OS (Green) 1 11 IS
10 to 6 — Trossachs, 98 (Aub) 4 2i 2 t>
11 to 2— Sir Mar*. 103 (Nicol) 2 3 % 3h
Tlmo, 1:22 1-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winnef. C. H. Williams A Co.'s ch. t. (3)
by Bowline: Green-Mopsy. Rowland M 111,
Berry Waddell »8, Irene Mac 114, Heritage
106, Harry New li2, Mohican 111, W. J. De
be* 107, Lady Belalr 103, Jove 112. My Jane
108, Wilder* 108. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATTENDANCE IS LAKGE
EACH IS IN CONDITION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Hoosier Boxer Hits Sulli
van at Will, but the
Punishing Power Is Gone
Spencerian Defeats Canadian
Horse Reservation in Heavy
Going at Worth.
Sporting Men Find the Match
One of J the Most Diffi
cult to Figure in Years
The Son of Meddler Defeats
Broomstick With Ridicu
lous Ease.
Delmar Judges Scent a
Scandal When Jungle
Imp Is Beaten.
The Portland Twirler Is
Batted Out of the Box
by the qakland Stickers
Makes Fastest Time of the
Year in Winning the 2:05
Class at Cincinnati Meet
McCOY'S BLOW'S
HAVE NO FORCE
GANS- WALCOTT
BETTING SLOW
STALWART CARRIES THE THOMAS COLORS
TO VICTORY IN $15,000 HINDOO STAKES
IBERG PROVES
AN EASY MARK
JOHN M PACES
A RECORD HEAT
BOXER "KID" M'COY OUTPOINTS JACK SULLIVAN IN TWENTY-ROUND FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1904.
Midweek coursing will be res'unied
to-day^" at- Union Coursing Park, a
forty-eight dog stake will provide the
card. The running will' be "com
menced upon the arrival of the 11
, ja. ttt. trill*.
Will Resume Midweek Coursing.
Theodore ; F. ..CarVell, member , of
'the" Johnsbn-Locke; 1 Mercantile Com
pany of this city and a business man
ot great ability, passed away at a Los
Angeles hospital, on Monday night.
Mr. - Carvell • had been . in business in
this;city for many years. He;ia sur
vlvftd bv a' widow and two children. "."
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
I Hll for Beer
3. fctWjflW •hich. wh«n luintstly
*\u25a0" rjTKJr ?! * im *<S *t by tro» mtft«n
"5 nHy2H of>th * art » C" *• r9Achf4
a" fiUlY/la lB **** proce *' °* b r» w lnx
"- ISfHijfli aad maturlsf. And tha
* ISkPsSm •twnrth — h«ary, m«4iaa
< «JtS'2iii« OI>!u « llt — '• • »atUr of
: H&HilBa " kmfal *AJu*«ia«at.
f^^^MW^ Malt-ViYiflB
J»yfAu^J ni iun brew, ca
|^j|l|*^^^j|||||j SAM BXBO ft CO,
812 Battery stT**
T»2. M*in 5859. Saa Praadaco.
r) visit DR. JORDAN'S ohcat*
OF AHATOHY^
Q Q) 1351 XX2XX? SI. Ut- ttUTtt. SJ.ULS
A *t[ T* • *-•£?«« Anatomical Mama ha t>>« \
6 Q%Mh DR « J3R0AN-D!S£AS£S CF MEN 3
A I V^*vfl _. c<M "«l»tioa free »nd rrktly prWjte. \
V M J)X 1 Tiwoent (xmouliy <v by letter. A §
\ 8 ¥ lift *»"•••«»• <tmty caMua4«rtmkea. \
UVU 11 & w rft»far P-vik. ma«<oraT«( A
X ft If* \u25a0*\u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0*•»«, MAtuta vase, (at
/) i* (A «luib:« beak for mm) \
V nu. jocdax at co.. usi Murtnst.s. F. r
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6~9 KEAHXV ST. ratabliibpd
In ISS4 forth* treatment of ITivat*
l>l»<.**e«. r^Mt Man&ood. Debility or
itti<»as<» weartfifon body and rohui and
Sktn Diseases. The Doctorcnr*»«i"0
others fall. Try him. Tharjtes low.
«\u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0*• Eanrimtrfd. OHorWIttfc
D*» J- \u25a0*. titaBOS. uau fxaosUca. C**.
ADVEKTISO1KXTS.
••I i!nfl C«s<»arett «o rood that I wonld not be
witbovt tkoui. I K-at troubled a great deal with
torj»1«l liver aad headache. Kow tiue« taking
Cavctma Caadr Cathartic I feel very ffiaeh better
I M;:.:i Trts.ii: !r recommend them to my friends
as th* 1 ' »t ujeJiriii* I hare «T«r *cea."
AuB* Baziset, Otbora Kill Ko. 2, Fall River. Mass.
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Oood. Do Oood*
J."<-v«r sicken, Weaken or Grip«. 10c. He. Me. Kerer
*ni\ in bulk. The ft nnine tablet (tamped CCC
Gaaranlced to cure or yoar money back.
Sit-rliaf Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. Cot
AKKUJtL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXESPresident Herbert Schmitz of the
Beard of Public Works yesterday ia
used an order notifying the United
Railroads to forthwith take ftp the spur
track which it has built from Post
street into Kearny street. Schmitz
ascertained tnat the track ; had been
laid without a permit • in violation df
the ordinance on the subject.
The ordinance further requires that
any spur track niust be built at least
eleven feet from the curbing, whereas in
this instance the track ' comes within
six feet of the sidewalk. Schmitz in
his order informs the railroad company
that if it does n6t remove the track
the operation will.be performed by the
laborers employed by the Board Of
Works.
The Commissioner's of Works will
give a public trial. this afternoon at 2
o'clock in the vicinity of Market, Fifth,
Sixth, Taylor, Mason, Turk and Eddy
streets of a sanitary street cleaning
und sprinkling machine proposed to be
hired from an Eastern concern. If the
claims of a representative of the con
cern are borne 'out by the trial of the
machines it is planned to hire several
of them. It is said that with the same
force of men at present employed
sweeping the streets twice the ter
ritory can be swept with. the new ma
chines. They rent for $6 per day, but
the city will provide the horses and
drive, so the cost will ' equal that of
those now rented from local contrac
tors.
Commissioners Will Give
Public Trial; of New San
itary Sweeping Machines
ORDINANCE IS VIOLATED
Board of Works Directs the
United Railroads to Clear
Post and Kearny Streets*
ORDERS A SPUR
TRACK REMOVED
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the lett
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are buLJhree tides,- as
28 I 1:421 4.31 7:001 2.21 1:101 4.01 7:471 0.7
29 I 2:32| 4.l| 7:38t 2.4| 1:47| 5.0| S:3S| 0.7
O iTlmel ITlmel ITime Tim«
j» f Ft. -I Ft. J Ft. I Ft.
» HW LvW H W L W
Bun rises «:?2
Bon nets .;.....-. .6:89
Moon rises ;....... .8:20 p. m.
WEDNESDAT, SEPTEMBER 28.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September -27 J
U 8 *tmr Saturn. Newell, from Alaska. Sau
aallto direct. <
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours
from Port Rodsprs.
Stmr Newsboy*. Lee. 38 -hours from Cres
cent City.
3tmr Pomo, Ahlin, 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, hdUht , from Monte
rey. -
Stmr Charles Nelson, Ivereon, 40 hours from
Ban Pedro. •
Etmr Scotia, Johnson. 11 'hours from Boweris.
Stmr '. Centralla, Ericsson, \u25a0 07 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put in to land pas
sen gers. -
Stmr San Mateo. Ross, 83 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 25 ' hours from Eel
Rivtr.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen, 65 hours from As
torfa.
Ship Marlon Chilcott, Williams. 17 daya from
Honolulu. . /.
Ship Santa . Clara, Larsen, days from
Bristol Bay.
\u25a0 Bark Levi G. Burgess, Your.gren, 19 ' days
from Chlirnlk Bay. • .' •?
Bark S C Allen, Johnson,, 11 days from Port
Blakeley. . , »...--
Bktn James Johnson. Benntcke. . 6 days from
Portland. i ..-..,-
SHIPPING iXTELLIGEtfCE.
,Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority, of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front rMlsslon-street wharf) about 25
mlnutesUater than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places^
FROM SJCATTLE.
Steamer. j Destination. I Salle.
Cottage City..' Bkagway A Way Ports!. a ept. 20
City Seattle.. I Ekagway & Way PortslSepL 30
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.lSept. 30
Santa Clara.. I Seldovia A Way Ports. Oct. 1
Hoanoke Nome & St. Michael .. Oct. 1
Victoria Nome & N.E. Siberia Oct. 4
Oregon NOrne & St. SUchael.. Oct. 8
Bertha.; Cooks Inlet A Way Pts Oct. 10
f 'tnttd ftatcs Dirt: let Judge de Ilavrn yes
! r<Iay rcnder*<l Judgment for the. libelant In
. ii* '^itv of TAc.-oma and Roche Harbor Lime
< •>n;'>ar.y vs. steamer Del Norte, and referred
ibtt rus* to United State* Commissioner
' <i-or^>! E. Morse to ascertain the amount of
<<;\u25a0.::. *c;p*. The suit wa« brought to recover
'\u25a0uir.aLe* cllpyed to have been , sustained - by
<:.<• William G. Irwin In a collision with the
! '.I Xrvtc .while thf Irwin wa» anchored la
t\*Z* bay.
\u2666-
Decree Against Del Xortc.
A - - rarptnier naxitd . Samuel Cleveland
while at work in a build In; on the sbuth
v-«yt forner of Huwaril and Second Etre«ta
jerterdy. was eUTJck. by. a. falling hammer
and hi* skull badly fractured. A fellow work
men two stories above him accidentally let
the hamnJer drop out of bis hand aad It
struck Cleveland below. The injured man was
tirtt taken tr> the Harbor Hospital and afU>r
u»-d removed to the Clara Barton Hospital.
< arpoiitrr's Skull Fractured.
XEWS OF THE OCKAX.
Thf Brlti&h ship Port Elgin was cleared ye«-
Salmon Vessels Arrive.
Ealmon vessels get In from Alaska
Syei-terCay. They are the steamer Hecla, 81
<!&}* imm Naknek, with 23.477 cases of eal
m<n; Santa Clara. 2» days rrom Bristol Bay.
witi» 21.5(Kt (,-a*e« of ealroon; and tho baric
l.<wi <J. Burgees. Hi daya.frxun Onignik Bay,
«-lth r^?.%>.9 <:at-es of ealmon.
Xew Boilers for the Ixma.
fThe Union Iron Works U figuring on the
c/jst of replying the Russian cruiser with an
#ntlre set cf tv»w bullera — twenty-four of them,
as her o!d ones ere completely worn cut
in tact the entire tubing of ta« ebip will
hav« to be made new, and nil at great coet
to th» Government. Machinists who have ex-
Bxnlne-1 the vessel's machinery eince she ar*
rfr«d In port eay that her rnelr.es appear to
have b*en ebused. The machinery is dirty
and eu little care har been expended on it
that H is a v/onSer that the engines could
i run at all. It will probably take a long tlms
tv repfcir.tlic Lena and get her In a condl
ti< n to strain back to Vladivostok.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 28. j
Corona Humboldt Il:30plPler 8
Arctic Humboldt 1) amlPier 2
Centennial. Seattle & 5 pm'Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amlPier 11
September . 29. !
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pmlPier 13
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
Argo Eel River PorU... 4 pm|Pler 2
State of Cal San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
p omo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
Nevadan... Hono & Kahului.. 11 am Pier 23
O Lindauer Grays Harbor Pl«r —
Sonoma Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
September 30. I
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am, Pier IS
October 1. . I
Gaelic. China & Japan 1 pm I Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Norwood... Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:S0pPler 9
October a. I I
Vmatllla. . Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPier 9
Cook Bay... San Pedro & Way.! 9 am ! Pler 11
6. Hosa Pan Diego & Way.l 9 amlPier 11
October 3. I - I
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor I 4 pmiFler 10
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.I 6 pmlPier 16
| October 4. | 1
Elizabeth.. ' Coquillc River 12 mlPier 20
Columbia... 1 Astoria & Portland 11 am I Pier 24
October 5. !
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pm I Pier 8
Jeanie Seattle &. Tacoma. ' 6 pm Pier 20
October 7.
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 »m Pier 9
Abydos Hamburg & Way.. 112 ro Pier 19 \u25a0
Biberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports [10 am Pier 11 ;
COAST RECORD.
g g 2 "5 »".
o nH us. *»• *•'" 3
STATIONS. | ||p p I
ake «- 3».O8 54 44 N Pt Cldy .00
Carson 29.JV5 60 44 N Clear Tr.
Eureka 30.1« CO W> N Clear .00
rreaio 29.90 B8 R2 N a«ar .00
B. B. Farallon.'tO.iX 60 55 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....2i). JO GO 28 W Clear .00
Pocatello ....2a. 92 02 42 SW Clear .18
Inflepf-ndence .29.90 64 44 NW Clear .CO
Lrf* Angeles.. 20. 78 76 52 SW Clear .00
Mt. Taraalpals30.03 &S 47 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30.00 54 62 B Rain .04
Phoenix 29. W 60 C8 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes. .29. 95 CO 55 N ' Clear .00
Portland 30.10 64 M aw Cloudy Tr.
Red Bluff 23. 1>6 78 52 N Clear .00
Rcsebur* 30.14 70 50 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..23.94 72 54 NW Clear .00
Salt I-ake ...29.94 56 42 W Rain Tr.
San Franelsco.30.00 68 56 W Clear .00
8. L. Obl«po..29.!»4 72 54 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.78 72 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 CO 64 S-E Cloudy .04
Spokane 29. »8 6fl 46 8 Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.00 54 62 S- Rain " 74
Walla Walla.. «0. 02 6A 50 SW Pt ady .00
Winnemucca .30.02 62 44 W Clear .02
Yuma 20.70 84 6S NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
TORBCAST,
Fair weather prevails over California,' Ne
vada and Arizona and cloudy weather over
Oregon. Washington. Utah and New Mexico.
Light rain has fallen in Western Washington,
Utah and New Mexico. A thunderstorm' oc
curred at El Paso.
The pressure has rbten rapidly over the Pa
cific slops and fallen east of the Rooky
Mountains.
The temperature has fallen In Utah and
Arizona and risen slowly In other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr thirty
hours, ending midnight, September 28:
Northern California ~ Fair Wednesday;
warmer; fresh north wind. .
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er; light nbrthweftt wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair,' warmer
Wednesday; light west wind..
Los Angeles and . vicinity — Fair, warmer
Wednesday; light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Wednesday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair, warmer Wednes
day. G. H.-WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In Charge.
4* i *
sometimes occur*. The Height* given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts.' except wnen a rhitius ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number '
g-iven la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
»
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosrapbie Offlce, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, 15a,n Francisco, Cal
September 27.
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day.
J. C. BURNETT.
LJeutenant, U.. P. N.', in charge.
for Ban Francisco, via way ports.
IQUIQUE— Sailed Sept 19— Br ship Port
Patrick, for - — -. '
NEWCASTLE." AUs— Sailed Sept 14 — Schr
William Nottingham, for San Francisco.
FREMANTLE— Arrived prior Bept 27-^-Br
ship Falls of Halladale, hence June 19.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Sept 27— Schr Wat
oon A. West, from Grays Harbor.
Ocean steamers.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr
Rhynland, from Antwerp,
NEW YORK— Arrlved-'Sept 26— Stmra Kaiser
Wllhelm II and Friedericli der Groese, from
Bremen. ..••:.. .
Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr Georglc. from Liver
pool; stmr Pfinz Adelbert, from Genoa.
'Sailed Sept- 27— Stmr Statendam,: for Rot
terdam, via Boulogne; atmr Pannonia. for Na
»l«»j Trieste and Iflume; stmr Armenian, for
Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Slavpfiia,
from New York, Tor Trieste and Flume. .
Sailed Sept 22—^Stmr Lombardla, for New
York.
FItlMfi— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Ultonla,
from New York, via Naples. \u2666
GENOA — Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Llgurla.
from New York.
DOVER — ArrivM'Sept 27— Stmr Penrwylva
nia, from New York, for Hamburg, ; and pro
ceeded. . .
CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Sept 27-tStmr Oscar
II, for New York. \u25a0 ; . « : „ - .
Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Kentucky, , from New
York, for Copenhagen. "
• LONDON— Arrived . Sept 27— Stmr Me8aba,
from New Torfc. v
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Numld
ian, from' New York. -Xftf^ii
AUCKLAND — Arrived previous Sept 27— Stmr
Sierra from Ssn Francisco, via Honolulu and
Sydney. N. S. W. • .
BREMEN— Arrived 6*>pt 27— Stmr Kronprina
Wllhelm, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
QCEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept t ST— Stmr
.HaverfCrd, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool;
stmr Oceanic, from New Ytfrk, fdr . Liverpool,
and both • proceeded. '
LIVERPOOL~-8ail«d Sept 27— Stmr Laka
Manitoba, from Montreal; stmr Saxonia, from
Boston, via CJueenstown.
Xotlce to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from an trains,
stesmera. etc, at low rates. One trunk («m
git trip) 33 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
fcpeciai Delivery, 308 Taylor st., «30 Market
\u25a0t., Oakland Ferry Depot. Fhon« Exchange 4a*
TO AKRIVE.
Steamer. . I*rom. I Due.
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'sept. 28
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 28
tTmatilla Pugftt fiound Ports Sept. V8
Wyefleld Nanalmo Sept. 2'J
City Sydney. . New York via Ancon. Sept. 1U
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Coos Bay Ban Pedro fc Way Pts.Sept. :»
Point Arena.. Men<5oclno & Pt. ArpnaJSept. 29
Banta Hosa.... San Diegr> & Way Pts.jSept. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports -Sept. 29
It. l>ollar ' San Pfdro Sept. SO
Coronado j Ban Pedro |Bept. 30
Columbia ] Portland & Astorin jOct. 1
Alliance I Fortland A; Way Ports. .Oct. 1
Jranfe ' Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 1
Elizabeth". . . . 1 Cotiuille River Oct. 2
North Fork... I Humboldt [Oct. 2
Corona I Humboldt Oct. 2
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 2
Mongolia China & Japan Oct. 3
Argo Eel River Ports Oct 3
Queen Puget Sound Ports OctJ 3
Breakwater. . Coos Bay Oct. 3
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 3
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Oct. 4
Alameda Honolulu 'Oct. 4
Abydos Seattle (Oct. 4
Newport | New York via Ancon. !Oct. 5
Aurf-lia I Portland & Astoria. . ..'Oct. 5
G. W. Elder. . ("Portland & Astoria (Oct. 6
Amer. Maru . . i China & Japan lOct. 7
Californlan..-! New York via Coronel. Oct. 7
City Puebla.. ! Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 8
Movements of Steamers.
Catdj a Big Torpedo.
Three Italian ftshrrraea, rejoicing in the
musical nameti of Atlamu Alessandro, Domenico
iluncioJi iind Kranciscu Travlsana, casting
Usrtt net ior t!:i iiluail .-ui-lt uti &ifl Uuenuu
I'oiut ycstenS«»V w«ire «w»r**<l *ritlj a naui
tar beyona u*e Jr^anus o: a. u.-atrm»a's tiver-
ice. SMver acaan will tn. unoonooionable
jj?i.a'.'-ur nshtrroan ul ,-ausaliUi *uiu Tiburun
i:.auifef in •"Ksn yarns" oi miraculous catches.
v.;.tn h»* rrads «n this cne. These tbrae men
iri>:a tiu^-fitjed Nai'its drew f300u \o the
tur;»« whciji their net »u dras^ed up along
t,i-r ot xhrlr tM»t. It was in uie form ol a
\\ tiiteheau toi-peao, tire property ol the Navy
l*;i>aiTroent v* tne t'nited totates. and Uncle
iJam will reward the nst.crs handson-.ely. In
\u25a0.a i he will buy ths whole catch, scrub off,
ii.- rust and load It ult for war uses.
•..-.\u25a0\u25a0, and his comi>aniuns wi.ru haul \u25a0
: \u25a0 - *n - '.- - net, which seemetl to have tons
alni ; \u25a0-«\u25a0 of tisli, and when it came to the
>-:.-• they saw not the silvery sides u{
ti«.!n)on or tturgeon, but a torpedo — a VVhlte
l.- \u25a0\u25a0 . the- *'• :• t of the meclxanUm of which
Oreat iirit&in guardi- t>u jeulously, though she
stlU them to other Governments. The war
head heel been removed and a dummy-head had
been «ub*lituted. proving that it had been
loft in ti>n»t-do practice.
On September 23, Itrj9, the United States
'. A- •;\u25a0•-[. .ai Farragut while al drill off friau
ealtto lest a Whitehead, and on January 13,
19f«j. the same vessel in that place lost an
other torpedo of the came make. If this is a
\ J';.rr«-.F-: :\u25a0 \u25a0; •-\u25a0\u25a0, in lour or five years the
bay cusTtnts have b*en industriously moving
ii up tuward Mare Jt--iar.il. It is cigar-Ehaped
' ; : -j its sides are aa bright an
if It bad only lain in the water a few days.
On the body of the machine Is- the Inscription
•E. Vf. Bliss. V. H. N.. No. «0.. Whitehead.
»io. 45 c-m mark J, J. 1L" The lucky fish
•ren?n tir.acrrtand that the Navy Departn-ent
* jrives a reward of f200 for the recovery of lost
torpedoej &nd thry are rejoicing over their
daf's catcli. Admiral Whiting stated last
•«\u25a0-• that tV naval officers at Mare Island
* v. (».!\u25a0: be notified and steps would N> taken
to ;»\u25a0.- the torpedo returned to the navy
yard. The Government values a Whitehead
*t f3000.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120th Meridian— PacifUS Time.) - j
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27.— 6. p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 64-58 New York 74-«4
Chicago :.<J6-5C Philadelphia* 80-«4
Cincinnati Hi-«H Ptttcburg 80-58
Jacksonville 8S-70 St. Louis S«-72
New Orleans 88-74 Washington S2-58
SAN FRANCISCO ...G8-5C
CHILEAN NAVAL TRAINING SHIP
GENERAL BAQUEDANO NOW
HERE. AND HER COMMANDER.
The agitation against the opening^ of
a saloon in the new building on the
Ocean boulevard Is interesting, and the
residents of that district who are op
posed to having a roadhouse in close
proximity to tfteir homes are confidertt
that the Police Commissioners will
give them a fair hearing and refuse
the license. :. <.-
The petition against the granting of
the license, which is being freely
signed, and will be considered at the
next meeting of the Commissioners, in
part is as follows:
That we. men of common sense, and from
observation at other places similarly stituated,
know that a saloon business conducted in such
a laree building; for all that the traffic will
bear cannot and will not be conducted so as
not to give offense to our community. W« are
positive that no man Is going to pay $150 per
month fur this place. and make the same par
without throwing- It open to those who are
always endeavoring to lure the Innocent and
young to ruin.*,-:
NV* know tbatUhis bulldlnsr. If licensed as a
saloon, will become a disreputable plac* In our
community, consisting . of over eighty school
children and over 20O families. It will keep
homeseekqers and property purchasers away
from making investments, depreciate the value
of our property, bring a lawless and undesir
able class- of people into our scantily policed
community and render our lives and prop
erty less safe and secure.
We do not need such a place In our com
munity; we have all the saloons that we need,
and If such a place must be opened up, let
It be opened Hi' wh*re there is no community
to be ruined thereby.
We earnestly beseech your honorable board
to heed ths cry of this small community against
this evil and deny the saloon license to said
petitioner. •
MANY SIGNERS
TO PETITION
Schr LHy, Bottger, 0 days from Umpqua.
Schr Alice Klmball, Ellissen, S days / from
Sluslaw. • \u25a0:•',-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
CLEARED. . ,
Tuesday, September 27.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, Unga; Alaska Cod
fish Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntien, Port Townsend;
Western Fuel Co.
Stmr Bor.it a. Preble, San Pedro and way
imrta; P C S S Co.
Stmr St Paul, Lundquiet. St. Michaels, via
Unalaska and Nome; Alaska Commercial Co.
Br ship Port Elgin, Hand, London; Balfour,
Guthrto & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 27.
Stmr St Paul, Lundqulst, Nome, St. Michaels
and UnalaEka.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Thompswn, Port Rodg
ers.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria, etc.
Stmr G|pey, Leland, Santa Crus.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr Chlco. Martin. Coqullle River points.
Strnr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City.
Schr Newark, Relnerteen, Stewarts Point.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, Unga. ' r *. - v
Schr Fannie Dutard. Anderson, Eureka.,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept. 27. 10* p. m. — Weather
foa-gy; wind anuthwcst; velocity, 8 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
Aug 18— In lat 29 IS north, long 123 30 west,
Gcr bark Schurbck. from Chemalnus, for
Queenstown. • ; -
MEMORANDUM
Per ship Marion Chilcott. from Honolulu, Sept
27— Sept 21. SCO miles NW of San Francisco,
saw bktn Fullerton, from Kahului, for San
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 27 — Schr Ivy, for San Franclttco.
Sailed Bfpt 27 — Schr Advent, for San Pedro.
WESTPOKT— Arrived Sept 27— Htmr West
port, hence Sept 26. j
UNION LANDING— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr
National City, from Fort Bragg.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 27— Ger stmr Abydoa,
fdr San FrahClEeo, via Everett. Sept 20— Stmr
Hyades for Japan and China.
Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Jeahle, for San Fran
cisco. I
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Lakme
from Eureka; bktn J. L. Evlston, from Ta
coma; stmr Coronado, from Redondo; stmr
Coos Bay, henceySept 24.
Sailwl Sept.27— Schr Irene, for Port Town
send; stmrs Fulton, Samoa, Despatch and Coos
Bay, for Sin Francisco.
RkDONDO— Sailed rfept 27— Stmr Coronado,
for San Francisco; sehr Azalea, for Eureka."
Arrived Sept 27— Stmr • Robert Dollar, from
San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived, Sept 27— Schr
Qur-en, hence Sent 2. /"" *
Sailed Sept 27 — Schr John G. North, for San
Francisco.
KUREKA— Arrived Sept 26— Stmrs San P«
dro, Pomona. Acme and Eureka, hence Sept 25
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 2C— Schrs
Jessie Minor and A. B. Johnson, for San Fran
cisco. \u25a0.:.(»
Arrived Sept 27— Sehr Llwle Vance, hence
Sept 15; schr Corinthian, hence Kept 8.
ASTORIA— Salted Sept 27— Schr Churchill,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 27— Schrs Virginia and Mel
rcse. from San Pedro; achr Joseph Russ, hence
8ei>t 17.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr
Bertha, from Valdez. Tor Seattle.
DUTCH HARBOR— In' port S«pt 18— U S
6tmrs MaeArthur. Hugh McCulloch and The
tis;'stmr Heather, ship MeLaurln
VENTURA — Arrived Sopt 27— Stmr. Whit
tier, from Redondo, and sailed for San Fran
cieco. - •
FORT BRAGO— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Sept 26. . , .
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived Sept 20— Br stmr In
drawadi. from New York.
. HONOLULU — Sailed Stfpt 27— Stmr Mongo
lia, for San Francisco. '
. FOREIGN PORTS.
ANCON— Arrived Sept lS^Stmr San Jose,
hence \u25a0 Aug 27. "
CALLAO— Arrived' Sept 25— Br «hip Clan
Mackenzie, from Port Hadlock.
Arrived Seft 18 — Nor. stmr Hanfteat, from
Valparaiso.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Sept 15— Ger stmr
Denderah. from Valparaiso.
HONGKONG— Arrjved Sept 2— Br stmr Ara
gonta, from 'Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 18— Jap. stmr
Kanagawa • Maru. from Seattle.
Arrived Sept 26— Br stmr Coptic, hence
S«r>t 8.
Sailed Sept 27— Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. '\u25a0\u25a0.'.' •
; GENOA— Sailed Sept 18— Ger stmr Neko,
terday for London with 3", CSC ca canned sal
mon, 15.4C6 -cs canned fruit. 18.B02 ctls barley,
134,676 lbs dri«d prunes. 62,859 lbs beans, 8S50
gals wine and 750 lbs raisins, valued at $245.
356. The vessel also carried 23,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $345.
Poiinagc Engagements.
The Carman ship Em'.lie and the British
ship Eskasoni are chartered for wheat from
Portland to Europe at 27s <xl (Is 3d less di
rect); French bark Pierre Loti, same business
and voyaee. at 27s (Is 3d less direct); British
ship Tfcaiatta, barley, from this port to Europe,
at 13s 3d.
The latest lumber charters reported are:
Barkentine Amaranth, from Putet Sound to
Callao. at 35a 9d (chartered prior to arrival);
barktnlina Georslna, from Puget Sound to
Valparaiso, fcr orders (2 ports, Pisagna
rn.r.g< ). at 37s M, with option of Callao direct
at 3T>s to: nchouner W. H. Talbot, from Puset
Sound U> Sydney, at '.Ha tid; German bark
Berth*, from Pu^et Sound to Port Natal and
Delagoa Bay. at 5os.
The British shl^s Westgat- and Hritlsh
IrIm tre c^arterea fcr general merchandise
from this port to Liverpool or London and the
British bark Weathcrsfleld for general cargo
to Frvemsntl?.
The barken Une Irmjrard will return to Hono
lulu with xtnera! carro.
Fishermen Catch a
Torpedo in Their
Net
The Chilean training cruiser. General
liii^uedano, which arrived in this port
Sunday evening with her school of
nutishipnien, is . finishing her year's
trip around the world. She left Val
paraiso in September. 1903, and round
ing the Horn to give her middies a
tusle of the bivezcs that blow off that
siormy cape, made her nrsl port of call
thfr Falkland Islands. On the way
across the At!autic to Gibraltar they
trot their initial gale. For days the
school ship plunged in the heavy seas.
Waves swtyt the decks and the storm
npped a number of sails from the
yards. The youngsters who some day
are to officer the sturdy, little South
American republic's navy, took their
:i:s?t lesson under storm staysails and
dosi reefed topsails. Two seamen were
lest overboard, but the ship finally ran
out ot the tempest and into the Cape
Verde Islands with no other casualties.
After leaving Gibraltar the vessel
called at Malta, where a number of the
cadets, according to their own evidence,
lest their hearts to the British girls
of that stronghold. The Baquedano
P^t into Naples, Alexandria, Suez, Sing
apore, Hongkong, Chefu, Chemulpo,
"N eihaiwei, Kobe and Yokohama. The
vessel will sail from this port about
October 15, for home, calling at Easter
Inland in the South Pacific
Most of the officers or the vessel can
epeak English quite fluently, which
language is part of the education of
Chile's naval men. Even the ship's dog
goes under the English name of "Shot."
Th»re are no shore schools for the ca
dets, consequently the entire five years'
-of training is on board ship. After this
period the midshipman graduate must
put in two years on a cruiser and must
have the practice of handling a ship
at sea. He must log at least 2000 miles.
If he then weathers his "exam" he gets
his commission of sub-lieutenant in the
navy. On board the liaquedano. where
steam is used only in cases of emer
gency, he Is drilled with the sails,
handling the four 4.7-inch Armstrong
rif.es— the best that British gun-mak
ers ever turned out. and the secondary
battery of 6 and 12 pounders and
Hotchkiss firers, and is instructed in
navigation.
The cruiser is named in honor of
General Baquedano, who was com
ro.ander-in-ch!ef of the Chilean forces
when Chile whipped Peru and Bolivia
si;me twenty years ago. The officers of
the vessel are as follows:
Ca.DVa.in Luis Gomel Carreno, Commander
Jorge Mery. First Lieutenants T. Greene and
ft. • i. ro. Second Lieutenant* Tavar. A- San
tander and K. Gandax*. Sublieutenant* J.
Kerrari. H. Juliet, C. Ropers. E. von Sehroe
\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 A. Allendes and S. Blanas, Midshipmen
H. Keid. IS. Uttca. M. Rodriguez. J. Valens^la,
<". Smith. !„. Alvares, K. It. Pena. H. Aillea
<!<»*. V. Oontreras. J. (\ Caldera. D. Vcriuga,
K Sjnchts. L. Elton, L.. l'epper, 1*. Tello, Lv
Alor.bo. II. lisltra. n. Soffis, O. de la Barm.
J'. 1"ruzcoe. J. O. Henera. L. 1 hi villa and M.
Kessret. - \u25a0;. . • ;-': -.A ; ;- j;
CHILEAN CRUISER GENERAL BAQUEDANO, NOW IN PORT,
TAKES HER MIDDIES THROUGH AN ATLANTIC STORM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1904.
7
_ RAILWAY IBAm^^^^
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
#..». • fcS Tr • •„;«*;
Union - Southern Pacific.
Round Trip, Chicago via St Loois, $72.50
St Louis^ via Salt Lake and Denver, $67.50
THROUGH CARS. STOPOVERS.
This Is the Best Time of the Year to Go East.
TICKETS ON SALE
September - - - - 28 4 29
October - - 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27
.AJPFZjY TO
S. 7. BOOTH, General Agent, XT. P. B. B*
1 Moatfi-omery Street,
Or Any Southern. Pacific Afftnt.
FREE FREE FREE
TOBOGGAN
MAPLE
SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
_. ADyEltTlSKMEyTS. '_ ; " _
— live Cto^lwid. Il^s no
occupadoii fbr a 'Wtoaii.
Gas Cbokiiigjls. ' |^V '
'cheaper kiaiic^
"\and doctor iiU «- "^^^Ik^ •
Buy a Gas Range Prom >fe^^
S AN FRANCISCO- GAS AND, ELECTRIC CO^
413 i POST ; STREET^;;
H^CAL 1: F O H N I A H
itllVIITED TO CHlCACOi
"E LEAVES MOHDAYS and 1R8RSQUS ||
§9 at !>:.*? O a. m., torouflrh in 3 d*y».H
gwith diner amd all H
Other Santa T* Traiaai
T:30 a. m.l for Stockton, Fresno, Baiersfletd.
1-00 p! m'.l Merced. Hanford and Vlsana.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon en4
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICES — B41 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaO. 27 South First St,
San Joae. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
L&S53E
SAN FRAHCISCO 'AND H08TH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMVAirr.
Tlburon Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAZT KATAEI..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00 ll:(>0 *>,*±x
J2;35, 2:50. S:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:80.
2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 6:30. 11^0 p. to.'
j SA5 BAraEL TO BAH PBAITCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 8:03. 6:50. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.. 12:60. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20j
6:25 p. m. . . \u25a0';. -..
Saturdays— Extra Irlp *t 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:8O. 7:as »:2O, 11:1a a. m.. 1:45.
3:40 4:50 5:00 ..5:20. 8:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExeept Saturflara. § _ -
L^ave ' In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May. 1. ,1804. ; San FrUn, .
Wee* I Sun - I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I daya. ( Ute." | days. ( Daya,
7:30 a ~ 7rl5a| 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a • $-.40afS:40a
8:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p • . ' 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p| 735 p
II I l :23p t
1 1 8i*3Pl
7:30 a 7:30a ™~~~ "" 7:«6 a 7:45 a
8:00 » 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
l2!39p 0:30a Petaluma B:2O p t):Wp
5:10p 2:30p and 7:25p 7:25p
5 : 10 p Santa Ktfaa 8:45 p
7:80 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10i20 •
8:00a, 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20 p
2 :80 p"2:30p 8:45 p 7t*5p
Windsor. •
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdiburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
LytcoA.
2:80 p 2:30 p Crcyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. '
7:S0a| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a]10:20 a
: 2i30p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25p(,7:23 p
~~- : j j : willits. | I
7:30 a( 7:30 a | Sherwood. ( 7:25 p| 7-^5 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 8110:20 a
j:30p| 2:30 p[ camp Vacation. | 3:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40a 9:40a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
- 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30«{ 110:20 ajlO:2O a
. 2:30 p| 2:30 p) Sebastopol. |7:25p|6i20p
STAGES connect at Santa Rose, for Whltt
Sulphur ' Springs arid Mark West Sprinfl; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Sprlncs; at Geyservllle for Skatrgs
Springs: at Cloverdale for th« , Gey aera, Boone>
vtlle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring** Highland 8prtrigs. Kelgeyvllls, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at UUIah.for Vlchjr Sprtnja. Saratoga,
Springa Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Klveraide, Lierley/s, • Bucknell'sk
Sanhedrtn H«le;nU, Hull vlUe. Orr'» Ho*
Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
We.tport. Usal; at Willlts for. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwcod. Cahto. Coveld. Layton-
ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, OUefls.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia aad Eu-
reka. ' .
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced 'rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of lice. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAB. L. FlUZliErf. R. X. fttAN.
: Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agt.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL
ROS$ VALLEY
HUL VALLEY,
CAZADERO/ Etc
Via Sanaallto retry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. BTANDARD G AUOE. '
D«ba>f fWln" San Franciseo, week' days, at
«-30 7:10. .7:45, 8:40. 0:15. 10rOO.:ll:00 a. to.
(11:40 a. m. sausalito only). 12:20, 1:45, 3:15.
4-00 4:35, 5:15! 5:50. «:25. 7:15. &:00. 10:20
11-35 P. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
a- 7:10. 7:45. *:30 »:15,-10:0O, H:00. lITtO
\u25a0 ' m., 12:2a l:0u. i:45 2:3d, 3:15, 4:00. 4:85,
6:Ib7«:50.- 4:2S. -7:1s. S:15. 9:00. 10:20 ll:3i
l> m. I ' '' ' - \u25a0 " : \u25a0' *
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
»;00'7i35. 8:15. 8:45 0:S3. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05. 1:25, 2:50. » :35. 4:20, 6jC5. 5:40. «:«,
eTJ5 7:55 10:03. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal hrlldaye extra trains arrive et 12:*», 3:08,
c.jo d ro.. • . * \u25a0 •
•^'rar Fairfax;- week flays, eeparf at 7:t5 a. m.,
3-15 p m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7 : .45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a, m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:13
THROUGH TRAIN*;
7:45 a. nt. dally — Cajadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
ttc \u25a0
V;l& p. m. dally except Suaday— For Caaa-
fl«ro, etc: ' '' \u25a0 '
8:15 p. m., Sundaye only— For Cazadero. etc.
TICKfft OFFICE— <26 Market st. f
' gEKRY—Unlon Depet. rooto^ Marfctt \u25a0 at-
MBa 8amraaw*4 H Irritations or ulctratioa*
JrJCjf c,t i» wdoiart. "* of mac ens nnabraaaa,
afr—g Pmsats Caaia«4iM. Faialesa, aad set aatriav
BPTalrriEEnmCHtMiOAlCa. gsnt or poiionons.
{UigA Ol!IOlXXATI,OJgBB atolai %j Dratlt*ta,
*9l^a9B^aBBBa_-^sa^sBv5S ' *^ !"•*•, pT#p*l4» ftf
><f~'jif*S v Trslae leave and are d«»
/AJ^cfn^jyjS. to arrive at
ffL|£g3l| SAN FRANCISCO.
X^CJi^^ (Toot ot Market Street)
tiiAT, - MAIN LINE. -ae.it.
. 740a VecevUta. wtater*. Ramsey.. 7.6*»
7.00a BealeU, Klmlrm tnd 8aertm««to.. 7.28i*
740a V»lt«J«. lUpa, CilUtot *, State
Kost. Martinet. Ssn lUmea S-20»
7 J0A N lie»,Tr»er . LUarep, Stocktoe .... 7.20»
••OOASnuia BzpreM— (Vl» fievli).
wniUtni (for Btrtlett Spits***.
Wtl'.ow*. tKrnto. Hed Bluff.
PorUtod. T»com». Seattle 7.50*
M0A Datla. Woodland. KaUUts L*o«Jlac.
M»rjriTille. Chtco. Oro-fll'.e...... 7.S0*
\u25a040A Port Coitx Uarttnez. Aotloca.
Brroo, Tracy. Stoektaa. Xeir-
man. Lot Bane*, llmdoti,
Armoaa. Haatorc. Visalie. \u25a0
PorterrUJe 4.18*
8J3A Port Cotta, ilodeito. Merced.
Fretao. Go«Bnn Jaactloa, H»a-
ford. Vtialia. BakenDeld 4.50*
••10a Nile*. 8an Joae, Ltrtrmore. Sioct- <- : 1
ton. (T Jlllton), lone. SaemnaaUw
SUrjirllle. CSIco. Ited Bluff .... 4,20*
1.30a Oekdale, Chla««e, Jamettovn. Bo-
\u25a0 'aera, Tuoluma* aad Ang«li ..... 4-20 »
• 00a AtUatlc Ex?rei»— OjJen tad E"t. S 20s»
t Ma Rlchmoed, Jfarttaes aid War
Buttons l.50»
100CATh» OTcrlnd Ltmlted — Qrdea.
Omtbt, Chicago, bearer. K»o»«i
10.00a VaJleJo- 122D»
10.00a Lot Ansrele* ratteaa^r — Port
Co«ta. Martlnej, Drroa, Trier,
Lat&rop. Steaktoa. lleread,
Hnyraoad. Freino, Goth«n Jane-
tlon. n««f,ird. Lenoore, VUa'.la.
BakenSeld. Le« Abk«I«« 7-M»
1 2.00wi Barbara, Nllos and Tf »r ftUUeos. S.20»
t1.00»» Bacntmaato Rtrer 3w*meri........ fi 1.00»
130P Bonlela, - ATlaters. Sacraaeato.
Woodland. Wltlewt. Kaljati
Lindlnj. MarrsTtie, OrorUle
aaa war lUttoaa ..« .... 13-50*
fl J0» Bar ward. KUes sad War Statieaa.. 7-60*
4CCp M arttae«tSaalUu6e.VaUeJo,Xapa>
Callitoia, 6aau Boaa. \u25a0\u25a02QA
4 COp Nllf •. TVeeT. Stoektaa. Lod! 4.20»
4.30P Hayward. Kites. IrTlagtoa, 8aat tJ.BOA
m — Jon. U*ermor« :> tii.SOA
BCCpTno Owl •ImUed— >fewm»a, Lo«
Baaoa. Mondota. Fretao. TaJare. >_;
. Bakersfleld,LeaAa«eles. ....... 8.50*
t5 30p Rarwant Miles saa B»a Jo«e ..... 7.20a
. i-OOP H»y ward. Nile* «nd S»aJoia «.50a
••OOp Extern Express— Ordoa. Oataaa, ,
Chlato, nearer. Kansas City, '
8t.LouIi.tli»Martlaei.Seocktoa.
Sacramenta. Colfax. Keno 12.501*
I.0SP ValleJo. daOr. except dunilay... . I T KA .
7XCp Vajleje. Sondar onlr f 7>50 r
7 -OOP hictiiboad. 8aa Pablo. Fort Costa,
' Mnrtlaei aad W«y SUtloni 11.20a
7.00PI>r»» Paaaenser— Pert Costa, Sal-
tun. Elmlra. Darla. Sacraaneatow
Trockee. Lake Taao*. Keno.
» ••' Toaepaa. Spartu.... ............ 7-60a
• OoPPort Coita. Martla«i. Brrea.
Tncy, Lataroa. Mod as tow
Merced, Berenda, Fr»sao aad
War Station* beyoatt port Costa 12-ZOp
•\u25a0OSf Teaemtte Valley, tie Bereada sad
IWawoaa. „ 8.50*
•05p Maritnei.Tr«cy. Stociton 10.20a
•0*> Oregvtt * Cmlttorata Bxj>re«»— Sae>
rameato. Marytvi'.le. Reddlaj.
PorUand. Pm«i Bound and Sail. 1.68*
1.1 Op Day ward, Nile* aad Saa Jose (Sna-
_ dayoaly) . 11.60%
COAST LINE darr»» tJaafe).
<Fout or Maftet Street.)
7^|a SeauCra*Kxenrskw(aaadareat7> t-10v
•\u25a016a Newark. Oeaterrille. Saa Jos*.
Feltoa. BOttMer Creek. Bl« Beat*.
Saata Crux aad War Statloae... S 55»
tl-ISA Alrarade. Newark. Ban Jose, tea
Gatoa,OIeaw«od, Ff iron. flouMer
Cruek. Big Basts, Saat* Crux.*.. . 11 0»
I215P Mewark. Cenlerrllte. fiaa Jose. % .
Kew Aim »d en. Los G»to«.F«ltoa,
Boulder Create, aaata Crna aad . • <J '
PrlBdpmJWiy Stallont 10S»*
4-15p Htwark, Saa Jose. Los Catos f853*
4-18P Wrlrat. BouWer Creeit and »aau -\u25a0•\u25a0*
Crm.8atart>y and Saaday only. «8.5g*
COAST LINE (Bread «a»aa;e).
qr n nlrd »d.i l'owaseaB Itreetai .
•40a San Jo«o and Way Station*...., 8 .30 •
t/ 00 a Baa Jose and W*r Stations. .... ... 5 40»
7.15a Moattrey and Santa Crua Esear- . .
ston (Saaft*y only) 10-30*
f -00* New Alraadea (Tu«» . Frld.. only), 4.10*
• OOAToe Coaiter— Saa Jote. Salinas.
Bas Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa • '\u25a0
UartarlU. Ban Liilt Ohltno.SaaU
'Barbara, Sra Bueaareatara,
Mont*lvo. Oxaard. Barbaak. Lo»
Aagilei 10 4?»
f.flOA Ollroy. Hollist^r. CastroTllle. Del f-»
Moate. Pacific Qrore. Sarf, Lam-
_ : • .JOC.....J. <, „ 1B43^
1.00a >aa Jose. Trea Ptaos.Watoobvn)e.
Capitola. Snata Cms. Paeiao
Grove, Saltnai. 8aa Leli 0M»po
\u25a0 _i aad Prtadpa: War Statloas. ... 4-10w
104JCA 6ao J4se and Way 8t»Moa§... 1.209
IIJflA Santa Clara. 6aa Jote. Los Qatos
_\u25a0 \u25a0 -aad? War Stations 7.30*
1-WpSaoJdie and Way Stations S33»
tl OOP Del Moate Express (except Saa-
day) — Santa Clara, Sea Jose,
Watso&TUJe, Santa Crui. -Pel
Monte,' Moaterer. Pacific Orare.ft2.1Ss)
I-30P BttrllnK»me, Saa Jose. O!lroT T Hol-
llattr.TreaPiaos.Paiaro.W«w«a- . \u25a0
. this. Capitol*. 8*a t% Crn«s Cs*>
troTilie.BaUaiu. Padfle Grave... 1345*
4 S6p Ran Jose aad w*y 8 tatloai. ....... tS.OO*
f 8 OOP Santa Clar*. Jose, Los G a tos,
Wrljat »a1 principal Way Sta-
Uoat (except «and»y>... r9.00»
15.30? S.nJo.e ana Prlaclp.l Way Stations MMi
i.4SP8aniet txpress.— Redwood. Saa l *^"'
\u25a0 Jole,«llr»y.9altna»,pa*oR«>lrt»«.
fiaa Luit ObUno. Saau Barbara,
Lea Aairele*. Penilirjr. Et P»»<x
New Orleaas. New Yirk 7 10a
I.4»P HM*fl>. Witeo&Tnie. CapiJola,Ki 4(% _l2
6aau Crux. CastraTlUe. DeJ>J1H? B
Moate. PacJfo Grove. . 1 110.45»
tS-ISp aattMateo«Berestord.Belniont,8aa
Carle*, r&alwood. Fair Oak*. " U
•\u25a02. .-J*ealo. Park. Palo Alto tf-48a
f-SOp Saa Jose aad War SUtloaa. i.ScI
8 COp Palo Alto aad Way StaUoai 10.11*
11 .Mp Soqtb SaaTraaeUeo. limorae. Btn>
JJhiame, San Mateo, Belajons,
Sin Carlcw. Redwood. Fair Oaii. \u25a0 '
. • Mtaio Park, aad Pale Alto...... 9.43*
«11 30f» >Uyn«M. Modnutn View, 8anny-
val«, Lawrence. S an ta Clara aad
t \u25a0.. •mi.Joae »-4«e
A far Moral a«. - P (or Aneraoeav
t SoaUr exeepted> \u25a0 \u25a0 t gander onlr.
' « Batdrdar enir. - - & Monday oa*T'
. l»tm>«araUstttto»soa|anAar., ,,,>
Mt. TA walpais Railway
"' : hmm> Ifk ttaiaHto ferrjj Atrtta '
Saa yrandaeo t~l *t Aitltt % Ban Franelsoe>
Week | 8«~ Smj-»i Wee*^
TMym. dayi.^ MiFK*ftm\ _**Zi_ _2*J> 1 '
;...!.."." "iiol 12;45r i nfc4»i
10:0O* iSisW gf 2:0Sr*11:0«*.
*!>«• r <2;20 r X^ggT 6;4Of »:IH
lillr l;4»r TEST •:»>»' tfeOtt
-m *****. J. , fc-Jaah ta 13 1 lalltfc
Yicnu4 4*25 V aaxrr 8r. fNerth Shore Kallroadl
OWdi land S*oaAxao y»aaT. loot Marfcat H.
16 Pages. $1 per Vcar* . {.
A smartly dressed young woman in a
tailor-made gov.-n of blue that fit like a
glove, a chic little hat that matched
her auburn hair, and pretty boots with
high French heels started to cross the
street at the intersection of Broadway,
Sixth avenue and Thirty-fourth street
at 6 o'clock last evening", says the New
York World in a recent Issue.
She suddenly stopped in the center of
the maze of street car tracks at that
point and looked appealingly to an ad
miring crowd that soon surrounded her.
A north bound Broadway car, a south
bound Sixth avenue car and a west
bound Thirty-fourth street car came up
and stopped within ten feet of the
blushing young woman.
"Hey, git off the track and let us
pass!" shouted an angry motorman.
The pretty young wom?n blushed
deeply and looked at him with scorn,
but did not budge.
The crowd almost blocked the street
when Policeman Walters, of the Broad
way squad, worked his -pray to thtf wo
man's side.
"What's the trouble here? Don't you
see that you are blocking the cars and
causing a crowd to gather?" demanded
the policeman. "Why don't you run
along?"
"Oh, please don't talk rudely to me,
Mr. Policeman," answered the embar
rassed little woman. "Don't you see
that I am caught?"
So saying she lifted her skirts Just
enough to show a dainty bit of lingerie
and silk stockings. Her high heels were
securely wedged in the trolley slot. Tug
as she might, the young woman could
not release herself.
"A delicate situation," quoth the big
policeman. "But you can't block tha
cars all night simply because your heels
have caught In the trolley slot. The
only way out of this Is to take off your
shoes."
The young woman's face turned scar
let as Walters got down on his knees
and began to unlace her shoes. Then
he lifted her up in his arms and placed
her in a waiting cab. It was an easy
matter then to release tne shoes.
The young woman thanked the po
liceman and drove away.
Just Because
She Wore Those
Frenchy Heels.
Club of Girls
Spotting All
Eligible Men.
In 1872 Japan had a population of 33,
110,793; In 1893 it had increased to 46,
304,999.
Reporting upon the "Little Italy" of
one of London's most crowded districts,
the health officer of the district says
that Italians are "generally superior
to the English persons who are their
neighbors. They also take more care of
their children, among whom the death
rate Is low, and they are sober.
"Uttle Italy."
They kissed, and than they kissed ajralai
again: /
And then they kissed again; ud thu
They cried: "Why. Lou! lt'« your "Wqjv
Jen! x \u25a0-_:.
It's you!" And then they kissed araia.
And then — well, then they kissed a«aia.
And Jen kissed Lou. and Lou klssad
Jen;
Each screamed a little «crea=a — and
then,
Well, then I think they kissed again.
'Twas on the street. I stopped. And
when
I did, well. th«n they kissed again;
Stood off. approached, embraced, and
then.
Well, then I think they kissed again.
Oh, they were such cood friends! And
when ,
I left. I saw them kiss again.
And as I went I heard them say
They had not met since — yesterday.
•—Life.
Reunited.
The woman who dresses in taste
does not mix dressy accessories with
oifting suits.
She never wears soft satin girdles
and ornamental belts with a shirtwaist
suit. She wears a leather belt or a
plain ribbon belt with a buckle.
She never wears toe slippers and
French heeled boots with a linen street
suit. She saves the French heels and
slippers for house and party gowns.
She does not ornament her hair with
bright ribbons and knots of chiffon
when she I is dressed in walking or
business garb. She saves the chiffons
and flowers and brignt ribbons for
the ball, the theater, the dinner, the
luncheon or for afternoon.
She does not •wear flower hats, chif
fon bonnets, lace hats or lingerie hats
with linen suits. She wears the lingerie
hat and all the others with organdie,
lace, silk and satin gowns.
Women would look with disgust at
the man who wore a dress coat with
knickerbockers. The same women may
be found guilty of appearing in com
binations even more. glaring.
What to Wear.
• Typewritten lists of. every eligible
single man In the county, with a brief
but comprehensible statement of his
good and bad characteristics as a pos
sible*partner for life, have been pre
pared* for all members.
Each man is listed and numbered
thus:
No. 1, easy. mark, -lot^very desir
able; No. 2. good looking, but knows
it; No. 3, member of six lodges, go
slow; No. 4, homely, but affection
ate; No. 5,. owns good farm, llttl*
odd: No. 6, nice boy, worth raisin*;
No. 7, nee'ds wife with strong will; Now
8, too fond of other girls; No. 9, will
inherit bank stock; No. 10, perfectly
willing; No. 11. hard worker and
stingy; No. 18, got the stuff, but hard
to land; No. 13. spoken for; No. 14,
fat and Jolly; No. 15, rich, but dy
speptic; No. 16, young, handsomn
and generous; No. 17, all right, ga
for him, and so on.
If the ministers do not get busy In
this section before snow files It win
not be the fault of the marriageable
girls In Clinton County.
Every available unmarried man in
this county has been spotted by a se
cret society of young women known
as the Clinton County Leap Tear
Club, the existence of which has ju3t
come to light. Branches of the organ
ization are in Lock Haven. Mill Hall,
Flemlngton and other towns in tfca
county, says the Lock Haven corre
spondent of the Philadelphia North
American.
Answers.
Weary— As I live, Mike, de theat
rical seaspon is on! Dere goes our fa
vorite Hamlet again.
: The Playwright ; — . My new war
drama- is" bound • to be a hit.
; ; ,The .Manager— -Why ?
The/ Playwright— A ' Russian gets
killed In \every »-* ; .
Muriel — A robber entered the car
when ' we were a few miles ' from.Chi
cago! .Were you ever, held up by. a man
In'acar? ...,--.-
Edythe— Gracious! no. I'd like to
see any ' man hold me up in such a
public place as that'
Professor Maxim's submarine aeroplane has taken another \u25a0 dive
and; as usual, -a -cross "marks ; the spot" on the map of Chesapeake
Waiter- — Chef," there's a guest out
there that's in- a hurry. * ; He wants to'
get to the depot \u25a0 in a Jump. 'What's
the best thing for him?. ;
- Chef— Frog legs. . j
A Southern papej takes pride in announcing that several would
be lynchers were fined each $50 for participation in the attempt at
The Massachusetts Do^erry who set aside the law of nations
and imposed arrest and fine upon a secretary of the British Embassy
will probably have the limits of his court's jurisdiction defined in no
uncertain manner by Washington.
A # recent congress of geologists has agitated the digging of a
mile-deep hole somewhere in the crust of the earth in order to
discover what is down there. This question seems to bother scientists
as much as that other great cru£: why does the hen cross the road?
When recently the four daughters
of M. Girard, a Normandy farmer,
were married on the same, day he in
vited 400 guests. The wedding break
fast menu Included four calves, four
dozen each of chickens, ducks and
geese and four casks of wine.
Four to the Fore.
Mme.\ Pacifique, a Paris lady, one
day recently discovered - her pet goat
chewing a roll of banknotes which it
had abstracted from her pocket Thp
goat waS killed and two* of the notes
were found almost intact in Its stom
ach. The others were reduced to
pulp.
Billy and the Banknotes.
r T^ HE members of that insane Russian sect, the Doukhobors, who
I settled in Winnipeg, have been a problem for the Canadian au
*• thorities. Their fanaticism runs into extreme socialism and re
ligious frenzy. They refused to pay for their land, resisted dispos
session, refused to work animals or wear wool or shoes, or anything
of animal origin. Then they stripped naked; in midwinter and
started into the wilderness over the snow in search of the Messiah.
When overtaken by the Canadian mounted police they violently re
sisted attempts to put them under shelter and §ave their lives. *
It is announced now that they have deserted their homes and
started on a march for the United States, and that the mounted pen
lice are trying to turn them back. If they do not succeed means
should be taken by our Government to meet them at the line. and
turn back. There is no hope for such a pack of fools, and we
do not want them added to our burdens and problems. We have
enough difficulties resulting from promiscuous immigration, in the
Mafia, Camorra and Black Hand societies, without adding these
frenzied fools and ignorant fanatics. Their ideas of the rights of
property are such that if they enter the country they will take
whatever they can lay hands on and are sure to cause trouble in
North Dakota, which is their probable objective.
THE DOUKHOBORS.
The mosquito plant Is attracting
much attention in England at present.
An, army officer, who secured one of
the' plants in Nigeria, states that it Is
used there as a defense against mos
quitoes. Branches of the plant placed
here and there drive away the insect
pests like magic.
Mosquito Plant.
Once there were two women who got
married. And the husband of the first
woman was Immensely'popular with all
her friends. Whenever they were out
at dinner or at a social gathering he
was the life of the party* and all the
other women rather envied her having
such a congenial husband.
The husband of the other, woman was
a failure as asocial light. He could
not talk to other women and he always
trotted right along beside his wife du
tifully. All the other women envied
her having a husband who was so de
voted to her. v * . \u25a0
But the first woman was not satisfied
with her husband because the rest of
the women found him so agreeable.
And the second woman was dissatis
fied with her husband \u25a0 because he
seemed to be unable to hold his own in
a social gathering. . -
This teaches us— no it doesn't. It
simply leaves the poor husbands up in
the air as usual. \u25a0 •'••\u25a0
In the keen . international competi
tion for business it has become neces
sary to employ trade ' experts, and
Germany now maintains such officials
at several of the more important con
sulates, j: Kv; ,: ir , .\u25a0\u25a0...
Government Trade Experts.
"What is that quotation about beg
gars? Something about 'wishes' and
'horses,' don't you know?"
''Oh, yes. 'If wishes were horses
beggars would want automobiles.' " — -
Catholic Standard Times. \u25a0
Beggars and Wishes.
The speed of a Monon passenger
train from Bedford, Ind., to Louisville
proved infectious several days ago for
70-year-old Bernard V. D. Moere of
Bedford proposed to 40-year-old Em
ma Andres of Haden, Ind., as the tel
egraph poles slid by, got her accept
ance, obtained a license when the
train reached Louisville and found
Magistrate Joseph Keyer a few min
utes later. They are now man and
wife and are going to see the big af
fair at St Louis.
The two had been only slightly ac
quainted before getting by chance on
the same train. Moere is a veteran
of the civil war and he boldly took a
seat beside Miss Andres. Weather dis
cussion gave way to business talk that
changed to tender passion remarks,
and then | Moere popped the question.
Miss Andres was willing, and there
you are.
She Never Forgot the Ixwt Five.
An Athlson man, says The Globe of
that Kansas town, lost $5 in making
change and when he went home told
his wife about it. This happened six
years ago, and she has never forgotten
it, often telling him what luxuries they
could afford if he hadn't lost the
money. Last year their son dropped
$2000 In a poor investment. "Don't say
a word to him about it," she said to
her husband. "Poor boy, he feels bad
enough as It is."
A white-headed vulture taken In
1706 died In the zoological gardens at
Vienna in 1824, thus living 118 years In
captivity.! -i • v :.>
AT Atlantic City the other day/while
racing in Pacific avenue on his bicycle,
William Durnan, a 10-yeaf-old messen
ger boy, ran down Miss Clara B. Thom
as of New York. The boy, fell from
his wheel and Miss Thomas Jumped to
her feet arfd seized him. Persons who
witnessed the accident hastened to the
young: woman's assistance, but she de
clined their aid, saying: \ "No, I am all
right, but I intend to teach this youn
ster a lesson."
In a flash she threw the boy across
her knee and gave him a severe spank-
Ing, after which ehe ' thrashed him
soundly on the head and ears, warning
him to be more careful In the future.
Swift Courtship.
She Spanked Him
Two Husbands.
And again at the opening of the Pan- American Exposition : "The
prosperit}' of any of us can be best attained by measures that will
promote the prosperity of all. The poorest motto upon which an
American can act is the motto of 'Some men down,' and the safest
to follow is that of 'All men up/ " At Spokane, May 26, 1903, he
said : "We have the right to ask every decent Aitierican citizen to
rally to the support of the law if it be broken against the rich man ;
and we have the same right to ask that rich man cheerfully and
gladly to acquiesce in the enforcement against his'seeming interest
of the law, if it is the law. Whether he acquiesce or not the law will
be enforced, and this, whoever he may be, great or small, and at
whichever end of the social scale he may be." And at Butte, Mont.*,
the next da)- : "In either case if he violate the law, the law is to be
invoked against him, and in so invoking it I have the right to chal
lenge the support of all good citizens and to demand the acquiescence
of every good man. I hope I will have it, but once for all I wish it
understood that even if I do not have it I shall enforce the law." .
Judge Parker's last query in the form of an issue goes to the
question of imperialism, related to the Philippines. On that subject
he says in the body of his letter: "I am in hearty accord with that
plank in our platform that favors doing for the Filipinos what we
have already done for the Cubans, and I favor making the promise to
them that we shall take such action as soon as they are reasonably
prepared for it."
We gave Cuba self-government, with a guarantee of her inde
pendence by its protection through the power of our navy.
In his annual message to- the Fifty-seventh Congress President
Roosevelt said: "In dealing with the Philippine people we do not
desire to do for the islanders merely what has been done for tropic
peoples, even by the best foreign Governments. We hope to do for
them what has never before been done for any people of the tropics—
to make them fit for self-government after the fashion of the really
free nations."
Where do the supporters of Judge Parker find the difference ?
THE Democratic candidate has at last published his letter of ac
ceptance and it is subject to comparison with the letter of Presi
dent Roosevelt. The careful reader of both will not hesitate in
making up his judgment. Judge Parker condenses what he calls
ihe issues,- and npon examination it will be observed that they are
not issues at all in"the sense of being controverted matters of differ
once between him and his opponent and between the parties which
*.hev respectively represent.
' In this condensation he says : "The issues are joined and the
people must render the verdict:
"Shall economy of administration be dernanded or shall ex
travagance be encouraged?
"Shall the wrongdoer be brought to bay by the people, or must
'justice wait on political oligarchy?
"Shall our Government stand for equal opportunity or for special
privilege?
"Shall it remain a Government of law, or become one of per
sonal caprice?
"Shall we cling to the rule of the people, or shall we embrace
beneficent despotism?'* , •
Ever)' one of the?c so-called issues has been answered by Presi
dent Roosevelt. In his annual message to the Fifty-seventh Con
gress he said: "I call special attention to the need of strict economy
in expenditures. The fact that our national needs forbid us to be nig
gardly in providing whatever is actually necessary to our well being
should make us doubly careful to husband our national resources, as
each of us husband? his private resources, by scrupulous avoidance of
anything like wasteful or extravagant expenditure. Only by avoid
ance of spending money on what is needless or unjustifiable can we
legitimately keep our income to the point required to meet our needs
that are genuine.*'
In his speech at the unveiling of the Sherman statue October 15,
1903. he said : "We can as little afford a dishonest man in the public
service as a coward in the army. The murderer takes a single life ;
the corruptionist in public life, whether he be a bribe giver or a bribe
taker, strikes at the heart of the commonwealth."*
At Butte, Mont., May 27, 1903, he said : "This is not and never
shall be a Government of a plutocracy ; it is not and never shall be a
Government by a mob. • It is, as it has been and will be, a Govern
ment in which every honest man, every decent man, be he employer
or employed, wageworker, mechanic, banker, lawyer, farmer, be he
whom he may. if he act squarely and fairly, if he do his duty by his
neighbor and the state, receives the full protection of the law, and is
given the amplest chance to exercise the ability that is in him, alone
or in combination with his fellows, as he desires."
Related to the same subject, he said in his "Strenuous Life,"
page 109: "There are not a few public men who, though they would
repel with indignation the offer of a bribe, will give certain corpora
tions special legislative and executive privileges, because they have
contributed to campaign funds; will permit loose and extravagant
work because a contractor has political influence ; or at any rate will
permit a public servant to take public money without rendering ade
quate return, by conniving at inefficient service on the part of men
who are protected by prominent party leaders. Various degrees of
:noral guilt are involved in the multitudinous actions of this kind, but,
after all, directly or indirectly, every such case comes dangerously
near the border line of the commandment which in forbidding theft,
by implication forbids the connivance at theft or the failure to pun
ish if
JUDGE PARKER'S LETTER.
UNCLE SAM - " THAT'S WHAT I CALL FIRST-CLASS FLYPAPER."
PATENT — Subscriber. Broderlck.
Yoto County, Cat. There la nothing to
prevent you from making a personal
application for a patent, but If you are
not acquainted with the ways of the
patent office you may make a mistake
that will cost you the patent, for there
are a" number of individuals always on
the lookout for mistakes made by ap
plicants who do. not employ a lawyer.
They generally steal the invention and
secure a patent over the head of the
applicant.
THE FAIR— Subscriber, City. This
department cannot prognostigate how
many persons will attend the World's
Fair at St. Louis between September IS
and the close of the fair. :
THE RINGLINGS— P. P., City. .The
Ringling circus was In San Francisco
In 1903. It reached here September 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIIX D. srilECKKLS Proprietor
' ADDIIESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX 31cXAUGHT alanagnr
PUBLICATION' OFFICE THIRD ANT? MARKET STREETS. SAN VltAX CISCO
WEDNESDAY .... .^SEPTEMBER 28, 1904
COPTRIGHT. 1804, BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT Op THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NETW TORK EVENDTO UATU.
8
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 229 Cat*
ifornla street. Tcleohon- xi-«- «••• •
Tovrassnd's California Glace fruit* la
artistic flre-«tched boxes. 715 Market st.*Until October 13 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickejts from San Francisco to
Yosemite Valley for $25 90.
This round trip includes all the fa
mous sights, 'the big trees, the stupen
dous cliffs and the great waterfalls.
• Reports from the Valley are it Is unu
sually beautiful , and attractive. Now is
the time to -go. just after the rain.
Hundreds of people are now going. Daily
stages from Merced connect with Santa
Fe morning trains from San Francisco.
Full information and folder at 641
Market street, Santa Fe office. ' •
Reduced Rates Via the Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The Paralso Springs are always open. •
To-night the members of 'jt'he sev
eral councils of the National Union
will be the guests in : Balboa ; Hall of
the Native Sons' building ot Columbia
Assembly , of v the ladles' auxiliary to
the National.) Union at* what, is desig
nated as" "a night for gentlemen." In
addition the members of the councils
will be privileged to have accompany
them any o$ their friends. Under the
supervision of Mrs.- Nellie* L. Hayey,
the president, assisted by an energetic
committee, -there will; ; . be presented :a
very interesting musical olio, progres r
sive games of cards for prizes, re-"
freshments and • dancing/BMdBnA
Night for Gentlemen.
Letson Balliet, : mining \u25a0 promoter,
and his wife, Florence, yesterday an
swered the. suit of. the White Swan
Mines Company for the recovery of
219,000 shares of stock alleged to be
wrongfully held. The allegations in
the. answer are in line with the state
ments already made on Balliet's side
of the litigation. He says that he
was to have 275,000 shares of the
stock for his services as engineer and
manager of the mine to the time of
making it a producing property. He
denies that he resigned as president
of the company, but says that he and
his secretary, K. G. Shea, were forced
to tender their resignations by threats
of criminal prosecution made by L. N.
Lykke and C. H. Stuller. He says the
directors . never acted on the resigna
tions. ...
Ball let Answers Suit.
Allan Pollok, manager of the Ho
tel St Francis, gave an elegant ban
quet last night at the St. Francis in
honor of Charles M. Schwab. The
affair took "place in the main .ban
quet hall on the mezzanine floor. The
floral decorations were \ magnificent
and the menu was all that could be
desired. Short speeches added to the
enjoyment of the occasion.
Those present were: Senator
James Smith 'Jr. of New Jersey, Dr.
Edward Bowes of New York. W. W.
Green of New York, James Deignan of
New York, Dr. Bissel of New York,
John McKane of Tonopah, • Nev^, D.
H. Burnham-of Chicago,- Franklin K.
Lane, Tirey L. Ford, John McNaught,
Gavin McNab. William Thomas, Mark
L. Gerstle.Dr. Shields, Mr. Redman
Mr. Crowder and Mr. Vogelsang. •
Schwab Is Banqueted.
Nicholas Hollings, a member of
the llauor -firm of Sturken & Hollings,
was suffocated by \ gas last Monday
night at 404 Brarvnaii street. The .in
dications are: that he took hl3 . own
life. One of the inmates of the house
having occasion to pass'the sitting-
Nicholas Hollhigs Sleets Death hi
Room on Brannan Street.
FOUND DEAD ON LOUNGE.
Dr. W. C. Hassler, 1 chief inspecting
physician, is collecting specimens of
impure food and will exhibit them to
the visitors. He may also read a pa
per on the subject
The annual session of the Califor
nia Public Health Association is to be
held in the rooms of the Board of
Health, City Hall, on the morning and
afternoon of October 29. Health of
ficers and members from all parts of
the State are coming to attend this
important conference. Papers will be
read and matters pertaining to the
health of the community will be dis
cussed. Papers will be read as fal
lows:
M. Foldey, attorney for the State
Board of Health, "Sanitary Legisla
tion"; Professor Reinhardt, University
of California, "Prevention of Ty
phoid"; Professor Wilbur of Stanford,
"European Travel | Observations";
"Flies as Carriers of Contagion," by
Health Officer Aiken of Fresno Coun
ty; "Medical Inspection of Schools,"
by Edward von Adelung, M. D.,
Health Officer of Oakland; James W.
Ward, president of the Board of
Health, "Service in the Laboratories
in Municipal Health Departments";
"The Milk Problem," D. F. Ragan, M.
D., Health Officer of this city.
In the evening the members of the
association will be guests of Dr. James
W. Ward at a dinner to be
them in the Bohemian Club.
Officials From All Parts of the State
Will Attend Session In
This City.
HEALTH ASSOCIATION TO
HOLD ANNUAL CONVENTION
Full particulars and folder showing
the route may be had at 641 Market
street. Santa Fe office. Sleeping car res
ervations should be made at once. *
Rates for the excursion are to '\u25a0 St.
Louis and back. 567 50; to Chicago and
back. $72 60; New York and back,
$108 50; Boston and back, $109 60.
On October 4 another of the popular
Santa Fe personally conducted parties
will leave San Francisco for. St. Louis
and Eastern points. The Grand Canyon
of Arizona may be visited en routes — that
greatest of all the wonderful sights in
America. Return may be had by an
other way if desired. Either tourist or
standard sleeping-car berths may be ta
ken. Mr. Otto Ludwig Zeus of the Santa
Fe, who will have charge of the party,
will see that this is made an exception
ally delightful trip. It is a chance to
visit the World's Fair under the best
auspices.
Have you ever traveled In the personal
care of an experienced railroad man, en
joying a journey free from worry, where
all the troubles are taken' care of In ad
vance by him and you have only to buy
your ticket and go?
Personally Conducted Party for St.
Louis and the World's Fair.
When he registered at, the hotel Al
len seemed slightly under the influence
of liquor. He gave the name of Lang
ford. The body was identified at the
Morgue by Ritchie L. Dunn, a brother
in-law of the dead man.
About two years ago Allen was
kicked by a vicious horse. Since that
time his body has been enveloped In
a plaster of paris cast. This injury
made Allen, who was only 28 years
old, despondent. He feared that he
wo"uld never recover from It. v <
The young man's sister, Mrs. R. L.
Dunn, was broken hearted when she
heard the news. She rang up the Cor
oner's office when she heard that "a
man named Hillard had committed
suicide." She' asked if the dead man
wore a plaster- cast.
Allen had not been working since
he received the Injury." He has been
living in Mill Valley part of the time
and sometimes with his mother In
Oakland.
Because he believed that he was
crippled for life Hillard Allen com r .
mitted suicide by inhaling gas at the
Lick. House yesterday., Allen hired a
room at the hotel early yesterday
morning. In the 4 afternoon Matt Geo
higan, an employe of the place at
tempted to rouse Allen. On receiving
no response he unlocked the door.
Allen was discovered lying upon a
bed lifeless. He had carefully plugged
up the crevices In the door and win
dows with newspaper and turned -on
the gas. .;.':; . <*?\u25a0
MORBID OVER ILL HEALTH.
Hillard Allen Rents .Room hi Lick
House and-'Tums on Gas.
Many prominent men and women of
San Francisco have contributed lib
erally, yet the officers of the institu
tion have found it necessary to make
an urgent appeal to the public for ad
ditional aid that the work which has
been planned may not be impeded.
The amount subscribed so far reaches
$15,000, and $20,000 more is required.
The architects of the new building
are Meyer & O'Brien, who ; have gen
erously given their services gratis.
Among the gifts toward the construc
tion are over 100,000 bricks and the
Portland Cement Company has offered
all the cement required at cost price.
Anything at all which can be used, in
the construction of_the building will
be gratefully received. All donations
are to be sent direct to tHe San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children,
1634 Mission street.
The institution owns a block of land
situated on the north side of Lake
street, between Fourteenth and Fif
teenth avenues and after -many years
of saving the directors are in a posi
tion to begin on the construction of
the new nurs. ry, but find that they
cannot bring it to a state of comple
tion without further assistance.
T?he- San • Francisco Nursery , for
Homeless Children needs assistance
for the erection of its new building.
Want of Funds Alone Stops
.Gpod Work.
• \u25a0\u25a0 . - — \u25a0\u25a0-"'\u25a0 ', • •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>. "<ot^--.
Institution Owns Valuable. BlbOfe-iahd
MORE MONEY REQUIRED a "
FOR NURSERY BUILDING
CHECK PROVES WORTHLESS.— Roy W.
Asbury waa booked at the City . IMion by
Dectectlveg Reean and O" Conn ell yesterday
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretense. ; The complaining witness Is I. Roth,
314 Kearny- atreet, who alleges that <" Asbury
purchased some Roods from him and gave him
In payment a check for 532 60 which proved
to be worthless.
F. L:,Heyward, a collector, was ar
1-ested by Detective Silva last night on
a charge of felony, embezzlement. He
is accused . of misappropriating $100
.belonging: to his employer, Edward
Harris! a clothing merchant at Kear
.ny and. Commercial streets.
Accused -ot Embezzlement.
. Thelecture committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association of this
city' has entered into a contract with
Jacob .Riis of -New York to lecture In
the auditorium of the association this
season. The first lecture will be the
"Battle With the Slums," illustrated.
It will be his first appearance in this
city. . .
Jacob Riis Will Speak.
Bredehoft was a German, 67 years
old, and leaves a widow, to whom he
had been married for eight years. She
was visiting friends -when the -body
was discovered and did riot learn of
her husband's death until late in the
afternoon. She said she knew noth
ing about any alleged stealing and his
death was "a great shock.
\ While the tragedy of the Bredehoft
crime was reaching a conclusion. De
"tectives Ryan and Taylor yesterday
arrested -Arthur Hewson, a bartender
employed In a saloon at the corner
of California and Davi^streets, on two
warrants charging hinv^tth receiving
stolen property. The warrants were
sworn to before -Police Judge Conlan,
land it is alleged that Hewson pur
chased goods stolen from Wheaton,
Pond & Harrold, wholesalers of dairy
products at 110 Davis street, by Ed
ward Kamps, a porter. John John
ston, a golbetween, was arrested on
Sunday night.
Kamps admitted, the police say,
that the pilfering had been going on
for three years. He has been six
teen years in the firm's service and
was a trusted employe. No action has
been taken against him yet.
Fefaring disgrace that; must follow
the exposure of petty: stealing that has
been going on for- several" years,
Charles j Bredehoft of 123# Iiily ave
nue committed suicide yesterday by
hanging himself in a hayloft at the
rear of 12 Page street. His body was
found by William Young of 12 Page
street yesterday afternoon.
- Bredehoft was employed by O'Cal
laghan & . Nelson, dairy commission,
merchants o£ 114 and 116 Davis
'street, In the capacity, of porter. Sev T
eral days ago it was found that butter,
eggs arid other articles were being sto
len. Inquiry r fastened -the", thefts oh
Bredehoft.' A warrant for, his arrest
was "sworn to yesterday* by a mem
ber of the firm, charging him, with
petty larceny., - ; . .: ,
On hearing that the police 'were
looking 1 for him, Bredehoft drove his
team to the stable. at the rear of 12
Page street, put the horse in'.a''stall
and went up to. the" hayloft. There he
threw a rope { over a jraf ter, : mounted
a- bale, of hay, adjusted a noose, about
his neck and jumped from.- the bale.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon William Young; having occa
sion to go into ; the loft, discovered
Bredehoft's limp, body. : With the as
sistance ot Ed Matheson; . a', groom of
12 Erie street, the body was cut' down
and the Coroner notified.
Rather 1 Than Face Trial diaries
Bredehof t Hangs Himself.
ALLEGED THIEF ENDS LIFE.
Mary Duran Charges the Commis
sioner with having unlawfully re
strained h«r of her liberty. She charges
that Hutton : exceeded the authority of
his office and asks the court to re
move Hutton from his commissioner
ship. - " '
Hutton denied that' he ever had any
intention of violating - the injunction.
He denied that he ever told Captain
Duke to arrest any one coming out of
Pon's restaurant. No arrests were to
be" made till the women guilty of vio
lating the law were ( at least a block
away. He did" not authorize the,ar
rest of the j woman Mary Duran on
June -7, last. ''\u25a0 \u25a0" . - '\u25a0". ? .
After . • arguments of' counsel • the
Judge said he was satisfied that Hut
ton had been . guilty of. cpntempf of
court. It was evident that because
the police had not been making .any.
arrests he had -taken upon -I-mself to
order, that arrests, should'be made. To
prevent' a clash with other; :courts he
would > riot impose a penalty of Im
prisonment but would impose a fins or
.$100. so that the matter -coald be- taken
before the Supreme Court.
Attorney George D. Collins filed with
the County Clerk the accusation ' of
Mary Duran against . Police Commis
sioner Hutton! then took the case to
presiding Jjidge Lawlor for assignment.
The former accusation was withdrawn
because Judge Cook, before whom it
was to have been heard, had gone on
a vacation;- - • - t- -. .
When the case was called yesterday
morning Attorney T. D. Riordan .asked
for a continuance, but Attorney George
D. Collins objected. ..The J,udge co
incided with Collins, but continued the
hearing till 2 o'clock. , ; ,
At 2 o'clock Attorney Riordan ap
peared with ' ex- Judge \u25a0 Louderback,
and Hutton's defense- was proceeded
with. Chief Wittman. Policeman Keor
hane and Captain Gleeson were called
to the stand to testify as to the char
acter of 1129 Dupont street, but ob-*
jections by Attorney "Collins were sus
tained. - * • r.' . ' \u25a0
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton,
"special chief of police Tor 1129 Du-r
pont street," was adjudged guilty of
contempt of court by Judge Cook yes
terday afternoon for violating the in
junction restraining the 'police from
interfering with the restaurant busi
ness of Jean Pon, 1129 Duponf street,'
and was fined $100. The case will be
taken before the " Supreme* Cdan W
a writ of certiorari.
Writ of Certiorari ,to Be
Applied For. to. Take Case
Before the Supreme Court
For attempting to kiss pretty Ella
Breen, a domestic at 1521 Washington
street. Edward Adair, a driver for
the Guadaloupe Dairy, was before
Judge Cabaniss, who continued the
case till next Friday.
Mr. Adair, who came from Ireland
about a year ago. was smitten by
Miss Breon's ac mt the very first time
he heard her speak, for it indicated
that sh*. too, recently trod the Green
Isle, and the more he heard It the bet
ter he liked the girl. But when he
asked hrr to favor him with a kiss.
Prior to his marriage John Wilson was
deeply enamored of the lady who jilt
ed him by becoming the wife of an
other, and after his marriage he could
net entirely forget her, especially when
he was under the influence of strong
vaters. She was known as Mrs. Nora
Miller, and at her home, 3275 Seven
teenth street, he occasionally visited
her and mouthed maudlin regrets that
.^he did not marry him. On one of
these occasions — it was last Monday —
he abstracted from one of her bird
cages five canaries, stuffed them into
his pocket?, then tucked a feather pil
low under his arm and sobbingly went
forth. Much as she pitied him, Mrs.
Miller could not let her feathered
treasures suffocate, and in order to
effect their rescue she found it nec
essary to have her lachrymose admirer
arrested. The charge was burglary.
In the court of Judge Conlan yes
terday Wilson explained that it was
not with felonious Intent he rifled the
birdcage and walked off with the pil
low. Indeed he was at a loss to as
cribe reason for what he did. He had
been drinking, and the combined in
s.uence of the liquor and his hopeless
passion for Mrs. Miller were probably
raore than his brain could stand. He
must have been clearly distracted when
he committed the larceny. If the bird
cage had been a red-hot stove he
would probably have plundered it of
its coals.
Mrs. Miller did not want to have the
defendant punished for what he did
and the Judge dismissed the charge.
Sixteen-A-e&r-old Ella Johnson is to
be sent to an institution for the 'dis
t iplinlng of -wayward girls. She ig
i.ored maternal protest and attended
Ivf-slie Falkenburg's coming-out party.
Mr. Faikenburg. who resides with
his parents at 545 Jessie street, re
cently completed serving a six months*
t'.rm of imprisonment to which he was
sentenced for having grossly ill-treat
ed Mamie Garrity, the unwedded
mother of his iwo children. While he
vas in jail Miss Johnson, who lives di
rectly across the street from the Fal
kenburg home, frequently visited him,
and when he decided to celebrate his
corning out by giving an evening
party to his friends Miss Johnson was
one of the flrst invited to attend. Mrs.
Johnson objected to her girl's pro
posed participation in what she con
lemptuously and derisively termed **a
jailbird's party." but Ella flouted the
objection, donned her best attire, went
tJ the function and distinguished her
self by pronouncing Mr. Faikenburg
a person superior in every respect to
'that Mamie Garrity." who, by the
way, was not among those present.
la fact. Miss Johnson was the life of
the FaJkecburg festivity.
Police Judge Mogan yesterday asked
Klla why she visited Mr. Faikenburg
in prison and the girl replied that she
did so because she knew him prior to
his incarceration and considered him
a. good fellow. Then the Judge in
formed Mrs. Johnson that to-day he
will send the girl to St. Catherine's
Home.
A. P. Morrison, a carpenter with a
wife and six young children dependent
upon him for support, was accused of
systematically disturbing the peace of
W. C. Lewis, a fellow artisan residing
at 912 Alabama street. Mr. Lewis tes
tified that he has been bothered by Mr.
Morrison visiting him while he was at
work and demanding to know what he
meant by saying that he (Mr. M.) fail
ed to pay his grocery bills, a statement
which he (Mr. L.) had never uttered.
The thing became so monotonous that
Mr. Lewis would like to have Judge
Mogan put a stop to it. His Honor in
formed Mr. Morrison that if he ever
repeats his persecution of Mr. Lewis
he will simply be breaking into prison.
Dan Maloney eked out a precarious
livelihood by dancing hornpipes in wa
ter front saloons, his food consisting
of free lunch, his sleeping place the hay
wharf and his clothing such cast-oft!
garments as were given him by charit
able sailormen.
"I'm tired of the game," said Dan to
Judge Mogan, "and if you send me up
for thirty .1 think I'd enjoy the change.
Besides, I want to practice some new
steps, and cannot get time or oppor
tunity for rehearsal out of jaiL"
"Thirty It is," said His Honor.
Mrs. Sarah King declared that she
had been seeing a lady friend home
when the policeman arrested her at
Fifth and Natoma streets and booked
her for vagrancy
"She was a school chum of mine,"
Mrs. King further explained; . '.'We at
tended the same ' seminary- and- she
spent the evening with me talking over
old times." \ -:,.. „ i »i 'r ur, y U't ,-fr ['*.
Mrs. King was given ten days by
Judge Mogan.
"My arrest," Miss Ivy replied. "It's
about 2 o'clock in the morning, and
I'm standing at the door of the house
in which I live — remember that, please,
my own house — when this policeman
comes along and says, . 'What are you
doing here?' 'Enjoying the beautiful
moonlight,' I answer, desiring to be
civil. Then I went on and explained
to him that for three days and nights
I had been stormbound in my room
and came out to look. at the moon and
inhale the fresh air. Then what does
he do but pinch me. Things have come
to a pretty pass in San Francisco when
a lady cannot- come out to breathe
without — "
"Continued till next Friday," mur
mured the Court.
"I don't know what you think of it,"
said Miss Pearl Ivy of 252 O'Farrell
street, "but to me it is a -most re
markable outrage."
"What is?" inquired his Honor Mo
gan.
"He poonched mine eve." said Mr.
Wagner to Judge Conlan, "und all I
did to him vas to shpeak vords. He
shpoke vords to me feerst, und den
I shpoke some vprds. Den ve haf some
more vords. und den he shmash mine
eye."
Sentence to-day.
« • •
Fred Wagner played a nickel-ln-the
slot machine in a Geary-street beer
cellar until he won two drinks and
then he invited Robert Allen, a total
stranger to him, to take one of them.
Mr. Allen declined. Mr. Wagner ac
cepted the refusal as an insult, and the
ensuing altercation resulted in the ar
rest of Mr. Allen for battering" Mr.
Wagner.
For plumbing under false pretenses
Charles Xlcolai will be sentenced to
day by Judge Mogan. He never
learned the trade nor did he have a
license when he undertook to plumb
a Folsom-street residence, and it was
not astonishing that his. work was de
fective and health-menacing.
she blushlngly refused and then he
started to steal it, not imagining that
her declination was serious. She was
resisting his larcenous effort with all
her might when the lady of the house
entered the kitchen and prevented the
robbery, and when the girl declared
that Edward had never received any
encouragement to justify his conduct
the chatelaine advised her to punish
his impudence by having him arrested.
Being an obedient servant, Ella did so.
Edward, who is about 22 years of
age, avers that he would not have
pursued his osculatorv crusade if Ella
had not given him reason to believe
that she admired him. Even when ahe
declined to kiss him he was not sur
prised, but accepted the declination as
a challenge to do what he did.
"Sergeant Brophy, who arrived shortly
after, the shot was" fired, thought that
trie affair Uooked suspicious and held
the body until" a" diagram was drawn of
'the room. The Coroner's office discov
ered later that Von Pein had on several
occasions made the threat that he
would commit suicide. He met Hans
Assmussen' yesterday morning and
made the remark, "I'll blow my brains
-out -before I g6 to that hospital again."
Von Pein was about 60 years of age.
He is supposed to have about 510,000
'on deposit "in a local bank. He has a
cousin named Albert - Coopman at
Pleasanton. >
Tortured .^by^ an incurable illness
Henry von \u25a0> Pein sent a bullet crashing
through his brain yesterday in his
lodgings * al ' 220 \u25a0' Montgomery avenue.
;When,the door of the room was broken
open* Von Pein was' discovered sitting
erect in a chair. The revolver with
"which the shdotirig 1 was done lay on a
table., near by. One chamber was
empty, i v
Eda Christina Stennark, a servant
for Mrs. McFarland at 1922 Franklin
street, was found' unconscious in her
room yesterday morning with the
valve of the gas-burner partly open.
The body was in her nightclothes on
the floor and a chair and a small
alarm clock had been upset. Two
coal oil lames were in the room, the
larger having been taken apart and
both very badly smoked. The girl
came to this city from Sweden two
weeks asro and went to work for Mrs.
McFarland. •;\u25a0.
Mrs. Krlckson of 805 Kearny street,
a sister of the dead woman, said yes
terday that Miss Stennark was accus
tomed to the use of gas. Drs. Boericke
and Stlrewalt were summoned, but
could not succeed in' restoring the
woman to consciousness, and she died
at. 11 o'clock.
Overcome by Gas, She Succumbs
While Approaching the Burner.
room at 3:15 a. m. detected the odor
of illuminating gas and called the at
tention of Richard Hollings, a brother
of Nicholas. Richard entered the sit
ting: room and found the dead body of
his brother lying on a lounge. Gas
was escaping from a burner, the valve
of which was open. An examination
of the bedroom In which Nicholas
slept showed that he had occupied
the bed during a part of the night.
There was no eas burner in this room.
He was fully dressed.
The deceased was 50 years old, un
married, and a native of Germany.
He had been sick for some time and
under the care of a physician.
—m — «
GIRIi ViaifM OF ACCIDENT.
IMPOSES FINE OF $100
Judge Cook Holds That the
Police Commissioner Vio
lated the Pon Injunction
Ella Johnson Attends Coming-Out Party Given
by Leslie Faikenburg, Who Served Six
Months in Jail for Ill-Treating a Woman
Henry von Pein, Dreading Sickness, Sends
Bullet Crashing Through His Head, and
, Hilliard Allen Inhales the Fumes, of Gas
HUTTON GUILTY
OF CONTEMPT
SUICIDES AND ACCIDENTS MAKE
GRIM RECORD FOR THE CORONER
GIRL'S DEFIANCE OF MATERNAL
AUTHORITY LEADS HER TO JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904.
9
— CALIFORNIA—^
AIX THIS WEEK. * .
E9W. TUUUSAZB Presents
RALPH STUART
IN THE BIG SUCCESS.
BYRIGHTOFSWORD
Direct from the American Theater,
New York City.
NEXT StTKDAT — Biggest.* Brightest.
Best Musical Comedy of the Season.
"THE TENDERFOOT." •
Positively 60 People. Including Phil
Ryley. the famous Tw«edlepunch In
norodora. 10O nights In New York, '
230 nights in Chicago.
SEATS NOWSELLINO.
H. W. BISHOP. Lease* and Manager
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
AND ALL THI3 WEEK.
OLIVER MOROSCO offers his Majestic Theater
Company In a Spectacular Production of tha
Revolutionary Romance. ....
I CAPTAIN
1 BARRINGTON
NIGHT PRICES— 25. 33 and 30 cents.
A few front rows orchestra. 75 cents.
Next Sunday— the first time by any stock com-
<s panjr — Stuart Robson's famous succees.
"THE HEWBIETTA."
ALCA^R M ~r
• General Manager.
TO-2TIGHT — AL£ WXEX.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Erg.. 23c to 75c Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 25o to BOo
WHITE \ jAHD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In a Grand Revival of Richard Harding Davis"
Thrilling Story of Adventure,
SOLDIERS OF
FORTUNE
.Dramatized by Augustus Thomas.
Monday. Oct. 3. FAREWELL. WEEK.
MB. WHITTLESEY as A RMAND DUVAL ta
"CAMILLEw"
Market Street, Near Eighth. . .Phono South 883
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
.MATINEES SATURDAY AND STXtfDAY.
Magnificent Production of th« Matchless Cali-
fornia Drama.
| THE DANITES
Adapted from the Famous Story of Co* Sierras
' by Joaquls Miller.
-PDTrVC Evenings ; 10b to Sto
miVEJ Matlpees i 10a. 18o. 23o
Next— PEAI.EB3 IJT VIXU'XB W0MX2T.
DAISY HARCOURT -
And a Splendid Show St«7 Alttraooa
. and Eventajr ta ta« Taeater. \u25a0
TAKE A RIDE OJT THE
MINIATURE EZ.ECTSZO XAXUtOAB,
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony - Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN Bo
When Phoning Ask tor '"The Chute*."
anSCELIiANEOUS A3ITJSE31EXTgL
EXTRA CONCERTS;
R. PINCUS announces the great prima donna
soprano,
e nie FRANCISGA
The lyric sensation of thm day, la two special
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
TO-MOBBOW (THURSDAY) 2TTOKT
.And NEXT SATTJX9AT ATTXaMTOOZT
Se*t». $3 to 75c at Sherman. Clay M Co.'»
\u25a0S BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. LOS ANfiELES.
RECREATION PARK.
Elshth and Harrison streets.
. WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY. FRIDAT* .
at 3:S0 s, m.
SATURDAY. 3 p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 p. m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance sale of seats at 5 Stockton st.
. r 3S0 MA*K2?Sr.S?H5S^
APyTE^nSOCENTg. _
CASTORIA
Tor Infants and Children. ;
Die Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^^J^fo^a*?;
Signature of L6aSy%7%Ucfi6A&>
.^.; u ____^ PRAGERS
Remember This Is the §
Last Wednesday of the Month. I
There Will Be I
"Something Doing" I
TO-DAY
Don't Miss It. fj
S^ AIAtMfS RELIABLE |
E sl U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
Gloves
C Gloves cut to fit just
right. The wrist be-
gins at the wrist, not
partway up the hand;
all buttons may be
easily buttoned with-,
out pinching or
cramping.
Sole Depot in San Francisco:
R. D.. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary and Grant Avenues.
Men's Gloves at all Men's Stores
gO\ An Excellent
m\\P0CKET I
m/KN KNIFE I
11 j N My Price '.
• Several shapes and styles and your I
choice, of handle, including pearl. :
A ROOD EAZO3 as low as $1.OO. !
Also other grades, and all at moder-
ate price's.
STAB SAFETY BAZOR— Regular
$2.00 kind, I sell for $1.:»5.
BAZOB STBOPS— As low as 25c.
\u25a0 • Razors honed and ground. Honing,
25c
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, lj»e- ..V"
Mail orders promptly filled. ,
THAT MAN PITTS,
P.; W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1003 MARKET STBEET, Opp. rifta,
. SAN FRANCISCO.
JJR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
,"\u25a0 ,;->rOR THE
, rfLOOP,UVER.UJMGS>|
PalflrA D0NT FAIL TO
: raiaw% •« &'£**«« i
« \u25a0• . COURT 'Lounging j
flflfl V room, the EMPIRE '\u25a0
tliiu u p A RLOR,: the I
ft- « ; PALM ROOM, the
; lirafla louis xv par- :
UIUIIU LOK 9nd the la.
JM^l.12, DIES'^WRITING
I Hotels room.
40% £« fl B ra Outfits, Guns. Ammunl-
I \u25a0 t& ntfall Uon - Fishing and Outing
'\u25a0 fll RbSMBv Goods. Tents and guns to
\u25a0Bin 101 1 Rent - CATALOG FREE.
' %J fll I \u25a0 1 1 SHRBVE & BAKBEB CO..
.~ " - " " . \u25a0-•\u25a0' 739 Market St.. .
., 621 - Keamy st_ a I*. '_
AMUSEMENTS.
; vULUNlBI A LEADING THEA2
1 JVA.ST 5 NIGHTS— MAT. SAT.
! Hamlln and Mitchell's Extravaganza,
WIZARD OF OZ
Last time next Sunday night.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
CHARLES B. DILLINGHAM will present
America's great comic opera farceur,
FRANK DANIELS
In the Laughing. Musical, Beauty Show,
"THE OFFICE BOY."
FUN that make* you roar: MUSIC you can
whistle; GIRLS good to look upon.
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
, SOUSA is coming to the ALHAMBRA.
SECOHD WEES
Ot the Brilliantly Successful Comic Opera
' *'-\u25a0* x '' TP U V? ' ' ' ' MVflM
I ONLY MATINEE SAT. "\u25a0
Same Prices 25c. 50c, 79o
In Preparation
DER RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler.)
A Vaudeville Revel!
URBANI AND SON;
John F. Kennedy and Carrie Reynolds;
James and Bonnie Tartey; Two Pucks;
T. Txovollo; Mr. and Mm. Howard
TrnesdeU; Karrelons Melroae Troupe;
Lawson and ZTamon, and Orpncrom Mo-
tion Picture*. Showinff "Personal," the
Great Comedy Sneoess, and "A
Drama in the Air."
. Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c, 25o and 60o.
GRAND.SSSigJ
THIS WEEK AND NEXT!
: The Beautiful Pastoral . Play, .
1 1 YORK STATEj
! s£T| pni vq nr~
' Hit I lllvllaJ Instan-
i of the \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 V7*-**m.«ta^ taneous
i Season. | aBMaBaa^ a^ HMa J Success.
Better than "The Old Homestead**
- Matinees Saturday and Sunday
; COMING-rTHE BURGOMASTER.
LAST WEEK OF
MISSMAZUMA
The Burlesque Hit of the Season.
Replete Wltb New Songs. Specialties and
Novelties.
Our Unexcelled Cast and Chorus.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
WOTZCB— NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
First Production of
"SOWN THE UHS.".
(By Howard Jacot, Esq.)
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
Absolutely New and Original.
Three Great Acts and Twenty Specialties.
SEATS ON SALE
BEN GREETS
"EVERYMAN"
Week of Oct. 1 3 Mats. Wed. and Sat.
LYRIC HALL
PRICES .'.'.$1 00, |1 and 75c
and
; JOSEF HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PXAXTXST >
\ ALHAMBRA THEATER:
i Tuesday and Thursday, Oct. 4 and 8.
Saturday Matinee. October 8.
Last Day Season Sale.
Single goats... $2. *1 SO. $1 and 75c
. Ready. to-morrow at Sherman. Clay & Co.* a.
T>|JTTOTJ17Q FOR BARBER3...BA-
OfllJ Oil HO ker> . bootblacks, batn-
, . -- - W - 1 T- ,T~. .houses. . billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canaers.
, dyers, flour mills. - foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers. . tanners, tailors, tte.
BUCHANAN BBOS.,
»rn«b. Majinfactnxers. 609 Sacramento MX-
raE LONDON
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising* traders
throughout the United States to keep
in close touch with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete comrrercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPORT MERCHANTS
with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply; *
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc, in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United Kingdom.
A copy of the 1905 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postofike Order for $5.
TheLondonDirectory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchvrch Lane, London, E C.
England.
;^^fe Painless I
/fffvK Dentistry 1
ra Painless Finings' 25c ¥
] Painless Crowns .$3.50 if
J«Fu!J Set of Teeth $4.00 |
H "VANVROOM". I
I J Sixth and Market p
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
W. X. HESS,
ZTctary Publics and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Te&tii Floor, lioom 1015, Claus Spreckels bide
Telephone Ml*in U83. - <
Residence, 1SC2 McAllister »C
**eldence Telephone Pag* SMI •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 28, 1901
10
JOHN D. SPBJSCKElSlCi . Proprietor
Addres-s Communications to
sons i iigAi^iHr.V.'":;» »M»M»r
\V. J. MAKTIN Business Mnnagrr
TELEPHONE.
S-oSaT^S^^^ -
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. P**"^* 75
Ct.. P*r Month. Statfe Copies •• \_ ts
Terms bv Matl. Indians l'ostw <Cash W ith
Order): - ft
IMILY CALL (ir.cUd. Bm<Uy>. l^VV^S
DAILY CALL ttadud. Sun.lay). O mcs... 4. *>
DAILV CALL— By Single Monti „•;£
KITCDAT CA1U 1 Y-ar j;
FOREIGN JFanday! iU Fer Year Extra
POSTAGE. l Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
BuopU Ccrl's will be forwardeJ when re-
Mall subscribers la orderinx <*anE* °(.^
<!r«« khcmM N- winieulsr to jrive bo h NEW
AND OLD APDP.ES? in order to Insure a
rrrrr.pt ar.d correct curnrllance with the.r re
qu*£t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10:6 Broadway Telfi-hone Mala 1CS3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telcshcrte North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TValccrJ-AfiorU Hctel; A. Brentano. -1
Vnion £quer* : Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hctel ar.-l Hoffman Ilruse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fbertnaa House: P". *J. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; I'aln.fr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOG.VKSS. Marquett* Building.
<Lorg Dlsianc* Telephone. "Central 2019.")
NKW TORK P.rPRHSENTATIVE:
STEPHEN U. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW VOKK CO-RESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BrSCvTTSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
oormr Market and ThirJ streets; cpen until
32 oViock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES :
IDC* Market tlrcct. cjjjx-'ttie Fifth; cpen until
11 r- ni. .
121 ttaotfOBKfy etrect, corner Clay; open until
fc::;o jj. m.
COO Hajca ttreet: open until 9:30 p. in.
t«a McAllister ttreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«;15 Larkin street; oi^en until '.kSO p. m.
l'JII I>2iss!cn ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
Jw> Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
300«i Valencia street: optn until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Z2"*.' Fi'lmore street; open until 9 p.m.
BIEETIgg TTOTICEB..
OOLDB36 Gate Lodge No. SO, F. & A. g
M. — Called "Mt-etinss. Tl/Efc'DAY and
WEDNESDAY, at 7:30 o'clock. Sec-
ond ar.d third degrees, respectively.
By ordtr cf W. \I.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. & \u25a0 A. «
M.— Second d^pree THIS (WEDNES- Nftf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
11. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 181. F. & A. M.— m \u25a0
Special meetinjr THIS AVEDNES- W
DAY> EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Th.nl degree. It. E. ALLAN. Sec.
MORSE Lodse No. 2T.7, I. O. O. F.
— Initiation THIS (WKONK?- \u25a0SmSua
DAY) EVENING. Sept. 2S. Al?3 -i^f^K^f
other itr.portar.t business. Visit- '\u25a0ZSSkSS'^
crs cordially invited.
GEORGE P. McMANUS, N. G.
C. BP.IND, Recording Secretary.
KTOCK1IOLDEP.S" meeting.— Notice ia hereby
Kiven th'.t the annual meetlne of th« stock-
holders cf the Eank of OJifornia will be held
at tiie bar.kins-house in this city on TUES-
DAY, Octcbcr Jl. 3S<4, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Bv crder cf the P-oard cf Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
WAirrED.
EXPERIENCED car,va5«#r«, $S to $3 day. 1114
Washington *t.. Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a.m.
ArrOBgEYS-AT-LAW.
B. Vf. KING. Attorney-a«>aw, Exam, bldr..
Cth lioor; entrance rocm 611; established 20
year*: all courts*, ceneral court and office
practice; r.o f«-e In advance cr for consulta-
tion: «venlngs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all l<ipal matters; divorces a
specialty: private, quick; no pay in advance;
tr.lr.lr.g companies organized ; patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.; . stab. 22 yrs.
AAA— L-IVOKCE costs, $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business, "
No charge unless successful.
J005 Market st.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Eivorce;eosts $!2;<julck, quiet; advice free;
ail law business; no charge unless •uccess-
rul; cpen evinings. 927 Market et.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all la— business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market «t.. r. 33.
APVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet;
all law businers; . no charge unless success-
fu!: cr>cn evening*. 9"J7 Market, room 204.
APVICE free. Columbian Law and Collection
Acency. room Rj, 1)16 Market; tel. John (5226.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine et.. Cth floor.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
ticn free; r.o fees in advance; open e\-enlng9.
COLLECTIONS, tenants ejected, mechanic's
llpr.g.;r'-l l 3t'.At1om<-y.<>T2 Market ct..room 23.
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Arthma Remedy relieves Instantly
30c. 2.V, Wlc. 1C02 Market. St, Nicholas;
also WlEhart, 10th and Washington. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR rale— 1901 casoMne runAbout; double <n-
Ktne; $800; cost JlSiO; good tondition. Box
172S. Call office.
LOCOMOniLK. lO-horsvpov.-er; 2 — >ata; in
good running orriT. Call 473 Valencia Bt.
BIE.DS. DOGS. ETC.
MARTZ Mountain canarlts & AfricarTgray par-
rota. jot received. A- C Itoblaan. 335 Kearny.
JI1OAUDI1IQ rOB^KH,lJREJS".
GOOD care; reasonable terms. Call or a<Jdre«s
MRS. M. L. CLEAVES. 27th ave.. Frnltvale.
WANTED— A child to board: termi reason-
able. Apply at 004 Seventh gt.
JBUSnrasS^CHABrCES.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description io not fail to call upon us; we
may have Jutt what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to eell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
JC12 Market st.
Tioom» 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
STOREROOM with fixtures In very prominent
location on Market St.; with lease 2Vi years
to run. with privilege of renewal: will" sell
lease and fixtures v.ith or without stock;
eheapect rent on Markrt st. for location.
J. W. JAQUJTH. 1J12 Market et.. rooms
• 41S-4I9; telephone Folium 3468.
THREE sice groceries, fully stocked with flrtt-
clasc goods; 2 with bar* conn<»cted. one with-
out; ail In good locations, residence districts;
doing *>:ecant- family business. J. W. JA-
QUITH, 1312 Market St., rooms 41S-419;
telephone Folfotn w46S.
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE
located at 011 Broadway. bet_ 6th and 9th
tt».. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, aafe. typewriter, etc..
is tor eale. Any one interested will kindly
ca!l at above addrcrg for further particular*.
rOH eale — Eighth interest In n»w rteam
6chooner; oil "burner; one of the best boats
t>n the coast; Is paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MItS. J. II. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City. Cal.
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
ner, with $300; well established business that
win pay him $:J0 week and over. Call S23
Mbrkct Et.. room 437.
I AM assisting Jn raising money for the clean-
vtt cut. most promising mining enterprise
•hat I have ever known or heard cf. A. 'F.
IIARAS2THV. S23 Crogslry bldg.. S. F.
BARGAIN: long !ea*c; restaurant and oyster
house;- 1528 Markn. rr. Larkin: owner has
2 places; can't tend both; growing part city.
WANTED — Partner, flne paying grocery and
fcar ob busy street; $2C0O. Box 1&68. Call. ,
FREE-A CAN or- TOBOGGAN -MAPLE 5YRUP, MADE f ROM THE
R-snt-ss^e-ASCES— 2°^^ nnea "
A— J20TK); HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with first -clars paying saloon in manufac-
turing to*n across the bay: a goo<J paJinB
business. i>e R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $lf>00: COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; closs
to 4 theaters; rent $1CO; well established
business: full value in sight: a rare chance.
E?e R. G. WILKE. -6!a Kearny st.
A— $Ci<>0; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the hay; 21 horses, 2 liac-Ks, 1 coupe 13
buggies harnesses, etc.; 20 eteady boarders;
stahlo doing a first-class paying business;
rent $75. See R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Keyrny.
A— $I(*0: COUNTRY hotel about .15 miles
from this city: 39 beds. 50 boarJers. fine
barroom with lood trade; close to depot, in
lively business town: place making money,
owntr to retirv. Particulars R. G. WILKi..
2»i'i Kvamy et.
A— $2500; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay: beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms;" 2 bars, pavilion l'>2x50 feet, merry-
Ko-round. etc.; lease 4 year?: rent $50; pa-
vilion sublet every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WiLKE, 26«i Kearny st.
A— $2500; MANUFACTURING business: rent j
$50: the best opening for a trade on this
coast; rare and good chance. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— fC50; CORNER saloon, with 8 years' lease;
very best location and a good-paying bust- ,
nesa. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $000; COMMISSION business: established
many years; rent $80; best location: investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C^i Kearny st.
A— SlfOO: EAKERY: beet location In the Mis-
sion: rent $45; all store trade; baklnr 1V»
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at,
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse: oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a good-paying busi-
nefs. Seo R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — 52500; HOTEL, with 27 furnished rooms,
across the by; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying: finest location In
Rood business town. R. G. WILKE. 2CH
Kearny at.
A— $:»00; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
rears and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
2tu Kearny eU
A— $1200; CORNER ealoon on Folsom St.; rent
$26; place doing a first-claes paying busl-
n<-ss. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1750: BAKERY, estab. many years; daily
receipts $50; baking 3*-* barrels day ;very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.26^ Kearny.
$2G<X— BARBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures ar.d clearing at leaet $50 per week;
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in the
cholcpfct business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26 \<t Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms : rent $25 :
dailv receipts about $20; best location north
of Market Bt. Call K. G. WILKE. 26Va
Keary st.
A— 51800; CORNER saloon: about 1 block from
Chronicle building: lease; one of the best lo-
cators In this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 20 Vj Kearny at,
A— $6.V«; SALOON, one of the best on Market
St.; 4\i-yt&r lease; rent $107; place Is ele-
cantly fitted up and never clearing less than
SS50 i«er month. See R. G. WILKE. 26Va
Keamy st. ._
A— $2tOO: HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
nished rooms, dinlnr and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion: rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $ti0: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2!»00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER ealoon In wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R, G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
realty: exchange' co.. •
f. a. barr, mgr..
SUITE S07 and SOS, CAI>L BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR SALE.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be Increased to $15,000 monthly by
investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
Best reasons for Belling.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
Suite S07 and SOS Call Building.
CANDY factory; soda fountain; horse and
wagon; lease and all; now paying $300 net
per month; owner must retire from business
on account of Door health; call and 'inspect
books; only $3500 for all: stock alone is
worth $o7<X>. MORAN & SWAIN, real es-
tate, opd. Berkeley station.
$5500 FOR haberdashery; ' nice store and a
No. 1 location; call and Inspect. MORAN &
SWAIN, real estate, opp. Berkeley station.
$600 — Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny;
stand mvee.; rent $00. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150— PARTNER: need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200 — SALOON: lease 4 years to run; rent
$50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny Bt.
$4000 — ONE of the nicest and best paytng gen-
eral merchandise and fancy goods stores in San
Francisco; full amount Invested; established
17 years; long leaee; low rent; transfer cor-
ner; R-XKi reasons for disposal. J. C. SCOTT,
box 12S5. Call office.
WANTED— Hustl»r with ability to sell candy
on salary; $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY CO..
477 Seventh St., Oakland ;branch San Francisco
GROCERY: rare opportunity: complete; first-
class Ktock; established 18 years; lame fam-
ily trade: excellent location; low rent; lease.
Apply 027 Market St.. room G21.
HOTEL and bar. $650, worth $1200; factory
dist.; 1500 employed; 1C well fur. rooms;
can accommodate 30; house full; rent $38;
long lease. HEDGES. 609 Parrott bldg.
FOR sale — Restaurant In mining town In
Northern California; rent low; there Is a
profit over expense* In regular boarders. For
particulars, box 1250. Call office.
HOTEL and grocery store connected; In small
town, adjacent to San. Franclnco; a flne loca-
tion; town growing rapidly; Investigate. Box
1321. Call office.
A RESTAURANT, partly furnished; Junction 3
lines; <J10 Stanyan St., opp. park; rent $15;
Rood bus.; living rm; suit man, wife. Apply
there. ,;-;,
F. L. SKAGGS ft CO., hotel brokers. 28 Mont-
gomery et., S. F. ; hotels bourht, leased,
sold and exchanged In any locality.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap: office
rooms In connection: two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen etor«» In Hayes Valley;
'will eell reasonable on account of sickness.
Box 1720. Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS corner ealoon; best location;
quick tale; owner going East; no agents.
Inquire Call office.
$225 — CORNER, branch bakery, candy, notion
and clear etore; 5 livinsr rooms. Inquire at
cigar utore corner Sixth and Howard sts.
I SNAP! restaurant now running; rent. Including
| tables, chairs and range, free; other furnish-
ings $50: 1 block from Chutes. 3300 Fulton st.
$600— Half Interest In well-established, good-
paying business. Apply, at once. 530 Four-
teenth Ft.. Oakland.
RESTAURANT for rale. 148 Fifth Bt
FOR eale — Grocery and delicacy store at bar-
gain; departure. Apply 2509 Mission et.
FOR sale — Saloon with license: good paying-
account departure. Particulars box 1068, Call
FOR sale— Restaurant, north of Market; $750
For particulars, address box 1028. Call office!
RESTAURANT for sale In vicinity of Devlsa-
Aero street ;• good location. Box 1520, Call.
COOD paying grocery and bar for nale; reason-
ablc: good location. Box 1183. Call office.
CIGAR stand for Bale, near City Hall. Box
1052. Call office.
SALOON for sale; cheap; pood location 838
, lira*, i way, Oakland/
ESUCATOOK&Zu
A BIGCJER echoot than ever. On June 1 w»
moved to new rlreprx>f bulging. 7;:,s Miatloa
ft between TTlrd and Fourth: mor? space;
fleer rooms: better light: finest in the West;
come arp — ;«. S. V. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THK Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university. law ar.d medical col-
leges- refs Presid'-nt Jordan or anr Stanford
professor; day. rvtning sessions. Phelan b\ig.
A THE Paul Gcrson School of Acting Kiv»*
more nertorinantes and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other 'Western
schools : special summer course. U4 Mason.
E n AYP.ES. founder cf Ayres Eus!ne«» Col-
. "lege. has returned: bookke'pin?. penmansMp.
chortharu*. •vpirs: $3 rronth: lifesrhoiarsh!?
$50: posiUous secured, day. eve. 4_J Market.
A-rCUICACO BUS1NFSS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees position* to graduates: PU-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING— Clvi:. eiec. "in., merh.. rur.
vey. assay, tvanide; day. ev. : est. lS»rt: Vao
der NatlVn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short stcry wrttin* and Journal-
Uir. meet on Mop... Wed. and Thurs.. _ p. m..
323 Pbelon Mdg.: terms very reasonable
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. CC2 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. *Te».
A-GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of Piano:
beginners & adults: 50c. 2305 Mission, cor. 2O.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per ma;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght at.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hm-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fll!pp«"»Academy
cf languagea.lCIS Post: est.l871;able«t profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail- and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 3C3 Moat t my.
SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION Dar and
PARTINGTON S. 424 Ptne «t.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual lnstruc. ; all branches: day. »~».
WESTERN Biimlne— i CoIIere. HOT Mkt.. ccra-
pletw coui— e. $ft mo. %M: eve. $4 mo. : private
I CALIFORNIA Bu«!n«w College. 623 Goulea
Oate ave.. 5. ~*.! 7S-nag» cafal"g "i> r?T>**t
EMPI.OTTJE3IT OPFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offle«
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. IMLRA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer-.
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411H O'Farreli; tel. Eaat 42tt.
JAPANESE-Chlnes* Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr-.tel.Bush S5X
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EM7LOTME~T WA~fT~i~» — TZggAIvB^
STRONG, willing, competent American woman
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the- day: flna laundress; guaran-
tee satisfaction; $1 25 and carfare. ISO
Fourth st.. first flight, rocm 24.
COOK (German), Is first class In American,
French and German cooking; attend* to
kitchen department only; references. 1613
Sacramento et.
MARRIED coupto (Swedish) want position;
woman, flrst-class cook; man. (rood horse-
man and all round handy man; city or coun-
try. Box 2006. Call office.
YOUNG- rlrl wishes general house-— orlc In
neighborhood of Golden Gate Park or th«
panhandle district; wages, $2O to $23. Call
at 70 Sycamore ave., bet. 17th and ISth sta.
TOUNG woman who attends school In morn-
ing would like light housework and cooking
to do afternoons; willing to get breaifast-
Box 2007. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, coat and stxlt maker; ladles*
tailoring; flrst-class cutter and fitter; only
flrct-cla— i work done; enrage— lent by th«
day. MISS BARSS. Sherman Houm, 23 Sta.
A — "WAITRESS, experienced, want* position,
hotel or resiauram: ctty or country. 834
Mason st_. shone Blaclc 2396.
YOUNO American woman with small chill
would like a place to do light housework for
small wages. 223 Douglass St.. nr. ISth.
A — WOMAN with a child, rood cook, wants
work; country. 324 Mason, phone Black 2336.
SITUATION as cook; best of references. 2217
Post st.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class cqok; city
restaurant or boarding-house. 203 Natoma.
A FRENCH laundress takes is —shlnr home;
open air dry; phone Page 7931.
MIDDLE- AGE woman wants place to do rs in-
eral housework. Call 2715 Bush, near Baker.
TOUNO German woman with child 3 years
old wishes situation as housekeeper; beat
reference. Address or call at 45 South Sixth
St.. San Jose, Cal.. MRS. HELENA
SCHMJDT.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced stenee— tph-
er; centrally located; who has spare tl— i«.
would like some outside work; copying or
dictated: owns machine; charges reasonable.
Box 1950. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wishes •
situation; is a sood cook, kind to children,
will do 'some washln;, will co short dlstanc*
In th« country. 40 Shipley st.. off Natoma.
near Fourth.
WOMAN wants work by the day; rood laun-
dress; $1 23 a day and carfare; no postals
answered. 543 Minna st.. between Sixth and
Seventh.
A NEAT, reliable young woman wants posi-
tion In a small family to do general house-
work and plain ookinr: no washing nor chil-
dren: wages $23. Address E. M.. 1212 Hyd»
street.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place- In small
family; general housework and coo kin?. Call
1100A Treat a:e.. near Twenty-fourth; be-
tween 2 and 4.
WANTED — By a reliable woman who Is a rood
cock, a situation In a small family or as
housekeeper; best 'eferences If required. Ad-
dress H. C, box 1044. Call office.
CHILDREN'S plain sewing neatly done, reas-
onable prices: lace curtains laundered. 33<s up.
Phone Folsom 922; 26 Dore St.. between
Ninth and Tenth and Howard and Folsom.
SITUATION wanted— By a younsr girl; -to do
housework and cooklnc. Please call at 308
VIcksburs st.
YOUNO lady wishes situation as dressmaker;
by the day $1 7."» and lunch. 408 Hyde st_;
phone Sutter 4111. '..-^ '
A STEADY, competent person wishes a pcsl«
t'on to do general housework: small family;
wages $20. IS 13 Pine st.. near Goush.
SEWING by machine- and hand neatly don*
for $1 a day and carfare. Address box 1971.
fall office. -_- ..•;
WANTED— A situation by respectable woman
as a flrst-class cook; city reference given.
Address 57S Olive ave.. near Laguna st.
REFINED lady wishes position as lady's tom*
panion or as German governess. Box 1732.
Call office.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by
the day cr at home. $2 and lunch: at hom«
after 6 p. m. : phene Scott 035. 517 Myrtle av.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German.
gt>od pianl.st. best of references as to char-
acter, wants a situation. Box 1770. Call.
AN elderly i lady wishes a position as house-
keeper: city or country. 1S6 Fifth St.. bet.
Mission and Howard.
BY refined youn? lady., position as companion
to elderly lady: city or country, highest per-
sonat references. Address box 1491. Call.
LAPY would like to assist dressmaker who
takes In sewlr.s at home. 9o7>; Buchanan st.
WOMAN wishes a position as cook's help or
dishwasher. Apply 520 Mission st. ' . . v. ;
A FUKXCH laurJresit takes wa3hln~ hom*;
open air rtry. ffcone Pase 79.11.
ADVE P.TISEMENTS. subscriptions recetrod at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church «U-
WANT ads jtn.1 subscriptions taken for Tfci
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. £33 McAllister st.
S~Mt~XO~~g~{~fT WASTID--MAIE.
GROCER bavins lone and successful expert
ence as manager and buyer is open for an
encasement In any part of the State Eox
1539, Call office.
A GERMAN. mid<Ue-ap,ed and sln?!e wishes a
situation as clerk in crorery. store or bar-
room: «ooJ references. -W. EOTILING 417
Kearny st. ~ " .
POSITION- by civil and mining engineer, or
can take charge, of mine; ten years' experl-
ence; will go anywhere. Box 2001. Call ,
?^^f^ IAN *^ Who thoroughly understands
\3STl9wf Call C0Mtructln » ""**'» Position!
CIATByOTAKTS.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
ELLSMERB— ELLSMERE.
Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant, Palmist.
I tell your name and what you came for:
whom and when you marry; how to achieve
the greatest success In business, prolong your
life, gain perfect health, become magnetic,
obtain mental poise, physical strength, over-
come fear, depression or doubt: I create the
power of control In you that you may fasci-
nate the one you wish; give good luck, remove
spells, evil influence, discords In family or
social affairs; reunite the separated; restore
lost affection: obtain a better business v posi-
tion, or what you wish; where to locate, when
to travel: I can Improve your condition and
tell If husband, wife or loved one is true to
you; I positively guarantee to hasten — tar-
riago and secure marriage with ou« of your
choice: I give suggestion; teach clairvoyance,
develop medlumshlp, thought transference,
otc. by mall $2: at of flee Sunday and every
day. 10 to 8; advice on speculation. Invest-
ment and all affairs of life. 1007 Vi Market st.
A— PROF. MAYO,
The Greatest Llvlnsr Adviser on the
Continent.
Special this week full-life readings. $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
glance, before you have a chance to utter one
word, he will tell you what you came for; give
names, dates, facts and figures; he tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain success in
love, courtship, marriage and divorce: whether
you will be successful in business affairs; in
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as thougn they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier,
wiser" and bolder than before. He tells you
everything — good or bad; you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
. 421 Ellis St. s
Hours. 10 s. m. to S p. m.. dally and Sunday.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THET COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. 51.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He 1« acknowledged by all who consult him
as< a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries. Would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the maters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE,
Who is permanently located at
423 Eddy st.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous £5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant aad
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband. w»f»
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and wh*n
you will marry; In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant tba
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, brine back your . loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to S
p. m.: closed Sunday. 328 O'Farreli st.. 3C3.
UME. M. BERNARD. '\u25a0 THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner ,
bldg.; she reads your Ufe correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the '
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the tuture; If you aro In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con- [
\u25a0ult this great medium and you will be told
• bow to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of Ufe: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: ooen Sundays. Tel. Black 4563.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and Ufe reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendo— «e. 110* j
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day eventne. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 0: names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tsa
leaves: 25c up. 612% Eddy at.; no sign.
MME. . EUGENIE, the Chelro. reveals facts
that will astonish yon. 478A Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN. th« well-known fortua*.
teller. , U now at 317 . Ellis st. I
I.ODOI1TO-HOU3ES FOB SAIiE— Con.
i MARION GRIFFIN. 1 ' i! !
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance.
Comer 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, roomlnz and apartment houses for
eale. We guarantee cood titles.
NEW BRICK BUILDING of 50 single rooms;
steam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric bells, hot and cold
•water in every room, every modern
Improvement, right down town, beau-
tiful furnishings, lease for S years,
quiet, transient; clears $351 monthly;
owner leaving for his Alaska mines;
terms $2000 down and low Interest.
Only with k MARION GRIFFIN.
GOOD 40-room corner hotel in nloe location
north of Market; flrst-class boarders;
clears $150 monthly; price $3000; %
down and small monthly payments;
owner will take $1000 of purchase price
In board at $40 per month. Exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
LARGE porches are Joy producers anywhere.
Here they are and 14 large sunny
rooms; rent only $40; full of roomers;
price $1200 — cut to $700. half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN is our only agent.
TRANSIENT CORNER HOUSE. 1' blocks
north of Market; 24 rooms; 1 floor;
easy taken care of; rent $80 with lease;
rightly managed should clear $20i) per
month; price $2400 — reduced to $1300.
MARION GRIFFIN.
TO RENT— FURNISHED with mahogany and
flemish oak, velvet carpets; 10 rooms;
new building, newly painted and
beautifully tinted; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS for $3200; rent $175; central; north
of Market; clears $217 monthly; lease;
double frontage; books open for In-
spection. MARION GRIFFIN.
WHAT DO YOU THINK of SC rooms In th«
center of the city for $40 rent? It's
in good order, clean, light and sunny;
clears $00 to $100 per month; a house
that caters to respectable working peo-
ple; un to October 1 you can buy It
for $1200. Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
' \ TOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE MONET.
TERMS, \i CASH
On these 5. We back you with %, see?
1.
NEW AND CLEAN; 14 rooms; 3 blocks north
of Market; price $950.
ON MARKET St.: 30 rooms; offices; new and
up to date; make offer.
; 3.
ON SUTTER: new and flne; boarding-house;
full stylish; 30 rooms; make offer.
4.
NEW . apartment-house of 33 rooms; swell;
make offer: splendid location.
6.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 75
rooms; near Nob Hill; flne for a lady.
MARION GRIFFIN,
The Real Estate Agent.
S Xi MISS THESE.
42 rooms: corner. 6 blocks of Market: clears
$175- 5 years' lea«e; a well furnished house
21 rooms on Post st. ; clears $110 monthly; a
good honest house.
11 rooms, 5 blocks north: $700; rent $35; will
exchange for a large house and pay cash dlf-
24 rooms; near Market;, rent $33;' clears $75
monthly: housekeeping: a good respectable
house that can be bought at a bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406
Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market.
HOTEL AND ROOMING HOUSE.
100 rooms In best location In city; central:
has cleared $2483 net In last 7 months;
owner must
co • to Europe to : settle
an estate; offer wanted.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 406. Examiner bldg
BPIBTrUAXIBM.
MOVED Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St.
Kathryn. 480 Ellis m ... corner Leavenworth.
room 221; no signs. \u25a0
DEAD — Trance medium; genuine, unique. — ie>
cessful. 32,5 Ellis at. . ' - .
C.MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mail $1.
; 3568 : 17th «t... San Francisco; tel. Capp £56. i
IiODGINO-HOPSES FOB SAIiE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phono South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; ehean rent; 10 years' lease; closo in;
clears $400 per month; ?400Q down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms: central: 4-year leaae; clears $103
over all expenses: most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us. .
80- room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
—-ell furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fln»
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month: If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
hero Is best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300. '
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout: chance oC
lifetime to set flrst-class house that Is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease: downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
0-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. •
CO rooms: new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full .flrst-class people:
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
cood lease.
10 rooms; rent $65: good furniture and car-
I>ets: always full; must sell wjthtn next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all In fine Hhape: flne little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, . rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
AT a sacrifice; must raise money; house of 12
rooms:_all rented; new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other
bargains in lodging-houses and real estate;
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co.. 10 Turk st.; phone Mint 741.
••••• MITCHELL. &. CO
1206 Market ot Phone Jessie 20S1
Rooming -and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
• • • • '. . . . MITCHELL & CO....
BARGAIN— 22 7.; fine location; full and pay-
lng over $100 mo.; a bargain; owner to retire
account sickness and old age; price $1400;
easiest terms. Box 1131, Call.
10 ROOMS.!- newly furnished; central location;
rent only $00; clears SiO ' per -month above
expenses. J. w. JAQUITH, 1312 Market St..
rooms 4.1S-419.; tel. Folsom 34CS.
FOR SALE— 0-room house and furniture. Call
at 728 Howard st
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fin* chanca for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own eas? toilets, ctosets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make 0#er. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Flrst-class livery and boarding sta-
ble: best coast city In Canrornla: 50 stalls:
rent only ?75 per mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry.
Ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention: would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM.
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city:
7 aeces in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, ehootlng gallery:
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years" lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets ar.d rugs also cleaned by compressed
air nt ehop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phoni-H Main 152 and Bush 4T0.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINCVS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phono Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth rt.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mleslon"74.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS, excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.,402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main o9l. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.;tel. Mission 2C3.
CI.OTKIITO BEHO7ATIBQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring . and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTJCOn OPTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery at. rooma 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTIjSTS^ ____
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— rCannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR, LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. C35 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Bet teeth $1 50 up; .crowns.$2- up;fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to 680 Geary et.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Fan -ell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New Tork den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 860 Mission. cor. 6th.
ngJCSSI^KEBS AMP 3EAM5TBE8SE3
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt..
FINKELSTEIN. 410 Ellis— Ladies' tailor eults
to order: on lnstallm'ta Jf desired; reas; call.'
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating.' Stew-
art's button <& buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
, — , — _ ™™™.g
''\: — ' ———— ||
' frrK(»> i r^L-TUr JJi nBiwiRMiTft ——————————————— —____. an Bf^^ tali • gP* ——————————————————— (
\ jlr^^^l^^S TO WANT ADVERTISERS 1
m Wm~ ifc 1 x^ Sunday's Call |
\u25a0 'mimt^^~^/MiwlM A CAN OF THE PUREST ||
i' B^^RI^vI! 1 Vermont Maple Syrup i
: ||i t/^flpY/m- \ W ill M° s t* Welcome Article on Any- Table ||
111 i^ \\§i II "^^ e sti PPfy °^ Mapfe Sugar made is limited. l;|
ifi l> w ''^W /\u25a0 ¥ HI The sugar forests are constantly growing smaller; :|
W$l - 'H^Ww !i^ I | V^V HI *k e demand for Maple Sugar or Syrup is steadily be- :||
Hi Wr^W'') ill $$ H coming greater. In consequence the temptation to :||
111 Q&V^ ! I'$ vr'W^K m ' adulterate is very great. Secure a can of Toboggan i||
W& 0^^/y I tiw III Maple Syrup and learn what Pure Maple Syrup :|
! ||| C^Jp 7 rilV ill tastes Any one bringing a "Want Ad" to ijg
' : 8 MAP^SS^ 1 oljroffice I
I fl °^0^^m THURSDAY, FRIDAY I
!| \ iL^^^^BS OR SATURDAY |
: : >^^^pP»^^ a can of this Syrup. :|
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. |
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY ||THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 190i.
11
PURESTrANCYSEUzCTED MAPLE SUGAR, WITH WANT ADS-FI^EjE
HELP WA2TTBP— MAI l E---ObnttnTlca v
A— MURRAY & READY, C34 and 638 "cFay st.
Phone Main •6648.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We epeak the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. .
1303 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
Do.OOO Men Work. Increase C0.000.
< —CARPENTERS—
l-'pholfcterer, }'- &o day. 1 »\u25a0
15 carjit-nters, &oc fare. $3 day.
:i thini.lt- 1; a. Cue fare, fl peril.
r» wocdworkers, $00; ."» bench hands, $80;
iiibie-maker; 3 brushmakers; band eawyer.
—12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 DAY-
PLUMBERS. FARE PAID.
12 plumbers, no union, $4 a day,
C IP.ON MOLDERS.
Slack coopers; 2 varnish finishers.
Gang edgerman. fare $2 60, $50. found-
Well digger, understands gas engine, $40 fd.
Leverman. gasoline engine dredger." $75.
- MURRAY A READY, 684 and 63(J Clay st.
—lumber syndicate-
so laborers, work on railroads, $60.
155 woedchoppers.
12 BOILERMAKERS*. \
12 bcller-makers. 12 boiler-makers.
32^0 tu MHe hour. 32Hc to 3ii<^c hour.
FREE fare — Manager at our office — FKEE fare
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boys or young men, box factory, $35 fd.
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC).
Handy man. slaughter-house, $20 to $25 fd.
Chorerocn, boye_ see us, $15, $20, $30 fd.
i 26 general farm hands, steady Jobs, $30 fd.
BAKERS.
Foreman cake baker, $25 week.
S helpers, different bakeries, $20, $25, $35 fa.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHER8.
5 sheen butchers. $80.
4 knife men, $2 75. 3 sausage-makers. $14.
COOKS..
IS ceoks, different places, $30, $40, |50, $70
found. -
BELL. ELEVATOR BOY8— BEDMAKERS.
0 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch lroners, $12 to $1S week.
Polisher, ironer, marcher, fare $1 60. $2 to.
Married farmer, southern town. $30 and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY.
r»"> track men, any laborer will do.
$67 £0 TO $75 00.
Wheelwrirht, Nevada State. $60 M.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. 80e fare, hotel, $35 found.
Ironer, S. M. Co.. easy Job. $23 to $30 fd.
Man to take contract cut lumber, boss here.
Strong handy man with butcher-knife. $2 60;
2 etarchers, shirt ironers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 day St..
Greek porter, saloon, country, $25 found.
5 iron molders. $3 day and found.
5 Iron molders' helpers, $2 day and found.
Sign painter, wagon, etc., fare $1 28, $32 50
and fouad.
Man run sewing machine, $2 00 day.
Carpenters, mine. $90.
MANAGER HEHB.
12 hand miners, good mine. $76 to $8t B0.
BOX FACTORY.
2 cut-off sawyers, country, $75. -
2 band sawyers, country. $75.
SCRAPER FOREMAN. $75.
NON-UNION PLUMBER— CITY.
Steward, Slavonian. $50 and found.
Portuguese farm foreman. 145 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OIL FIELDS.
10 laborers, oil fields, etc., $60.
2 machine miners, quartz, $75 and found.
Night watchman and fireman, city, $50.
Helper, city, carpet sale, warehouse, $4u.
3 painters, city, house work, $3 day. ,->, /
Pcrter, drive bus. country hotel, $30 fd.
Foreman, bridge carpenter, fare $2. $4 day.
Man, pack vegetables, etc.. city. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Laborers, $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-639 Clay st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents.' 95 Third st.
Carpenter foreman, bridge and trestle work,
$4. boss here.
Laborers. Monterey Co., $2.
Plpemen, Monterey Co.. $2 25.
Bench hand, cabinet-maker, $3 50.
Nevada, teamsters, laborers, $2 50.
F. L. SKAGGS A CO.. hotel brokers, 28 Mont-
gomery St., S. F.. furnish managers, jjtew*
j ard«, .chefs,, clerks, cashiers,- housekeepers
and head waiters for hotels, resorts and
clubs.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery, r. 12—
Colcred waiter. $32; day clerk, $80; man to
make salads and open oysters, $40.
v- '
STRONG BOY ABOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
WANTED — Young man who ts a thoroughly
' experienced dress goods salesman. Apply
bet. 9 and II a. m. at HALF. BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced grocery salesman. Ap-
ply, stating age, experience, salary expected,
box 2071. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside. 1103
Market st.
BOY wanted. 10C Pine st., upstairs.
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good pay-
Ing business. Address box 1590, Call office.
SMALL errand boy wanted at 200% Turk st..
near Jones.
WANTED— A t first-class tailor: stead/ Job
guaranteed. H. J. JACOBSEN, Selma, Cal.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman to learn
photography. 3C8 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
COMPETENT, willing and sober bartender
wanted at 29 Stockton st. '~ v «•>
BOY wanted. 533 Mission st
WANTED— A first-class barber; steady Job.
Address box 2069, Call office.
BARBER — .".-chair shop for sale at sacrifice;
don't miss It. 1090 Valencia st.
WANTED — Twenty men and women,' to learn
the barber trade; a new method which en-
ables the student to earn wages, while he Is
learning: rpecial Inducements this month:
for particulars call or address HAIGHT
KRANCII, 647 Commercial st.. S. F.
WANTED — Young man for office of wholesale
hou»e; between 19 and 18 years of age; must
be g»)d*at flfrures; wages to start $2); good
opportunity for advancement; give refer. •
ences; experience, .\t any. Box 200S, Call.
MEN to learn bsrber trade: only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Mqler Syrtftn College. 085 Clay st.
WANTED — Errand b=y. 14 to lflil n. good
chance for a boy who Is willing to make him-
self useful; references required. KIRK.
GEARY A CO.. 112 Geary st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechsji-
Ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
. to register with us free of charge. HORD
' A SMITH. 95 Third St., B. F.
WANTKTT — Laborers snd mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkin. Reno Houe: proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 2.V) rooms; 23c to 50e per night.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, old established, rent
only $S; can be bought for less than $100;
this is a snap. STOLTZ, barber supplies,
723 Market st.
BARBER shop; In business center; elegantly I
fitted; owner having another shon will sell
this: cheap. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
WANTED — Protestant Christian with a little
time or cash to help me form a business com-
pany. Box 1058, Call office.
WANTED — A man used to outside work and
well acquainted In the city; salary. P. O.
box 2094.
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
sample room; state age and references In
own handwriting. Box 1785. Call office.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
FIRST-CLASS cutter of good appearance;
i.t»aily position to right party. Apply s. N.
- WOOD A CO.. 140 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, S2 5Q; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exm. bld.;open till 0 p. ro.
GERMAN; tend bar; useful; wine hou-e; state
ajfe; city references. Box 1962, Call office,
WANTED— Cooper to trim whisky barrels. 24
Commercial st.
BARBER chop for eale) on account of pthrr
business. 1SS5 MUelon at.
KHOKMAKKR wanted. (!93 Howard at.
TWO -young rn*n at 751 Mission at., to learn
the barber trade. - * J •
BOY "wanted to wash dishes. 511 Castro
street. ' '
FOIt cale--2-chalr barber , shop and " 2 * h'ouie-'
k'.eping roorat furnished,- Inquire Call office.
txaHts to set— rgRsrrsHEP.
PUnx'SHED modern flat; tunny: near, park
• aj college: B rocms. bath, etc.; owner,
whose family is away, retains hjs present
room: rent $25: no children; reterer.ces. Ad-
dress bcx ijmuj. Cell office.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle fiat or live
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
daily between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. TU South
Park.
TIIRKE sunny recall wiih bath: new ard
modern; huve to r.# seon to be appreciated;
open dally. 072 Eddy gt. •
A J^^ O^.f^^?~^!^* r ;' r '"?^P
MODERN M.rocra sunny fiat: rent $12 50;
water free; fumishinrs at a bargain. 178
Oak St.; call between 10 and 3.
FOR nale — A fine new furnished 5-room flat
in Western Addition. Immediately, % coat.
Sox 2012 Call office.
TO let — I furni*h«?,1 housekeeping rocms. Call
bftwton 0 and 12. 2 and 5. 1456 Grove st.
GOING to Europe; will wll « first-claes fur-
nlshfd rooms ot sacrifice. C1CB Greenwich Bt.
MCALLISTER. I'lU— Kiepantly furni«h«<i 7-
rccrw n>t. Apply mcrr.tnrs.
TVnVXTTJmi _?OB S AIiS.
H. MEYER * Co. ray highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission :tel. Bush 613.
$75 WORTH uf furniture for $7 50 down, $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
rUBJTITTJBE T7AKTEP.
~~ ABE LEVY. ---——-
Salesroom. 1125 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761
Dun'* stll your furniture, carpets, office .ur-
eiture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
gEIiP WAKTEP— FEMALE.
COOK, email hotel, country $40
COOK, private boarding-house $40
3 cocks, small hotels, country $30-(35
4 cookx. private families, city and coun-
try J $30
2 rerlcr maids, country $30
4 second girls t .....$20-$25
Waitress for Institution $25
Waitress for nurse hospital S20
Waitrees. city hotel $25
Head waltre£s, city $30
4 waitresses, room out $27 50
Chr.nbermaid, sleep home $23
Hoascwcrti. Redwood City, no wash #30
3 nurse girls, city and Oakland $20-125
Ladies' maid i $30
Chambermaid and laundress, hotel, coun-
try ?25
ZiQ seneral housework girls, city and coun-
try. $20-?25-$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 334 Sutter etV_
A' CHAMBERMAID for first-elaes hotel in city,
$25 and found.
A German nurse fer grown children, $30.
A French nurse for grown children, $30.
A capable waitress and parlormaid, for 2
in family. $30 (see lady here to-day).
An assistant nurse for San Rafael, $20.
A lady's maid to travel, $30.
A nrkt-cl&ss laundress for private family,
city. $55.
A second girl. 2 in family, for Napa, $30 (see
lady here to-day).
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Butter, near Powell.
AAA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
•J19 KEARNY ST. PHONE BLACK 244«
Exp. saleslady, crockery, dept., Al salary.
Stenographer, knowledge bookkeeping. $50.
Good hairdresser, $60.
Saleslady for cloak and suit house, $21 week.
Operators on skirts, $7 to $9 week.
6«Boerapher, with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing. $30.
Bonbon dipper. $8 to start.
Lady in attendance.
Open eveninrs. 7-9. BROWER * CROSBY.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn helrdrtsv.ns.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 week*; tuition $5 to those enuring now;
three positions to fill Immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
echool In West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn milllaery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, rulesladies. makers, guaranteed
at $10 oer wk. up; 7 oosttions to be filled
Immediately. Pr.rlors 143 Stockton st,. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hMrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, eta.; six hours'
practice a day: guarantee positions; only
reccgnized college of Its kind en coast: day
aad evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell at.
GIRL6 TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY: GOOD PAY;
STEADY WORK. LEV; STRAUSS * CO..
S2\tt FREMONT- ST. APPLY TO MR
DAVIS. *
WANTED— A young lady of 18 or IS to work
in store. Apply between 10 and 12 o'clock.
E. N. WOOD A CO., 740 Market st.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter; must
b» -fxperieneed. Apply in handwriting, box
1972. Call. .'
WANTED— Good young girl (German pre-
ferre<l) for general housework In small fam-
ily; good home. 1U«i Turk st.
WANTED— Neat girl to wait on table; some
experience necessary; r.o j Sunday work. 1009
Lerkin st.
BRIGHT, cuick woman for position requiring
some executive ability; references. Box
2010. Call.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 12 Le Roy
place, off Sacramento, between Leavenwortb
and Jones.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, with ma-
chine. 5 hours dally; $30 to $40 a month.
Calif. Emp. Agency, 14 3d st. Tel. Bush 405.
WANTED — Girl for candy store. Apply G.
KERSLAKE. 418 Ellis st.
OLD l«dy to do lieht housework In family of
2; gcod horn*. S127 Buchanan st. ,'.'...
GIRLS wanted: no experience required: wages
J. C. IRVINE A CO.. 7fil Market at.
MACHINE girls snd flnivhers on vests C41U
t>tev>nson >t.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Lady cr gentleman to learn
photograhjiy. 8C8 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Girl for eecond work; sewing.
1307 Hyde «t. B
EXPERIENCED rewing machine operators on
os/erslls, costs and Jumpers: steady work.
L£VI STRAUSS A CO.. S2H Freotont st!
Apply to Mr. Davis.
WANTED Immediately— Good waist, skirt and
coat hands. MME. L. LKL'ENBERCER. J->y
Poet st.
TWO rtsreetsble girls to do general house-
work. S07 Treat ave. <
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call between
9 anf 12. 24,25 Flllmora gt.
WANTED — Flnlnhers on custom pants. M.
MOIiGANSTERN. 461 Jessie st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
LUCRATIVE position open for refined lady
with knowledge cf music Box 1631, Call.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER. IKO Geary at.
5S3t?^^ A J!^H;^ tf j£5£: '
AAA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER~c6T! "
219 KEARNY ST. FHO.VE BLACK 2448.
Experienced advertising man; good salary.
Delicatessen man. city, $20 wk. I
Young. gardener. Oakland, $3t> and found.
Boy to learn saddlery, $."» wk. to start.
Helper In bakery, yj wk.
Salesman for bicycle sundries, good salary,
l.'pbolsterer. $3 5o day.
4 stove plate -moldon;. (3 CO day up.
AsfiiataM window trimmer, $30.
Experienced Jewelry eakftnan, city. Al eal.
Two t< ux> salesmen, rood poeition.
6 errand boys. $5 to fS.
2 men fcr farm work. $30 and found.
Open evenings 7 to 0. BROWER A CROSBY.
IDHY goods talesman for country store. $25 to
$27 SO week; blscksrolUi. $2 day and board;
•crew turner for mill. $50 and $<jii an.l
found; wood turner and bench' hand. $3 ."•<> |
da>-; handy rnan fcr institution, $25 an<l ,
found; 2 woedchoppers, fl 50 ana $1 75 j
cord; filer and mill man to take charge;
2 miners, $3 day: laborers, lumber pliers and
other*. J. F- CROSETT & CO., C24 Sacra-
mento, st.
COOK for 17 men. $50 to $00; fry cook. $^5
we*k: elevator boy, $'J'»; dishwashers and
other*. J. F. CltOSETT & CO.. «2Sf Sacra-
mento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
C42 Commercial st. Phone Bush £33.
2 - butchers, *hop work, country, one boss
litre. %V) and ?4"» M.; 3 plow teamsters, came
ranch, wiatw's J'iIi. $3u fd. ; 2 farmers. £an
M.-.tfu Co., ?:'." fd.: 2 carpenters, $7U fd. ; '.'
woodchoppers, f I tier. oak.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Cooks,
waiters and kitchen hands; butlers, $4u to
$43: . vegetable man. $35; roan -for private
place. $3r>, etc.
MEK tP Uske court* of Irutruc'.lrtn in detective
work. W7 Market St., room 10i.
amras aztp myiHO.
COMPANIES incorporated; first stock sold to
start company off in good shape; strong pres-
ident' and directors secured; write cr call.
A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.. S. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13. 330 Pine st.. will ln-
' corporate and finance propositions of merit:
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
OFFICES A272> STOBXS TO XJ3T.
FOR rent— Section of large loft: light and airy.
L. MINK. i0» New Montgomery St.. 7th floor
__^^_^Tj0»B»^MrTTO^_^__^
SMALL store, euitsJblTfoTTtailonery, etc. Ad-
dreas box 1439. Call office. I
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
' permanently wrinkles, freckles, .
Smallpox pitting*, etc;
Restore lost contour.
' If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. OILUNGHAM. 131 Powell St.
DR. KOWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cur- for
rheumatism. .paraJyiU. neuralgia, paeumoala,
tore throat, etc. Sold by ail druggists tn
ever SO years; price 6Oc Manufactured solely
by HOWELL <t BROWN, 32 Turk st. S. 7.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Ira-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists*, hairdressers' ;ae-
ceyt no substitute. Star Remedy co.,1338 Pol*.
MY wife, Alice Palmer, has left my bed
and board; I shell not be responsible for any
debts contracted by her. ED- PALMER,
San FTanclsco. September 28. 1004.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc) speedily cured by
•killed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"REXRADIO'S" numerous patients Tuesday
gave testimonials ot wonderful benefits; call
and read them. 783'.i Market: 2 to 6; circular
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORg. 332 O'Farrell et,
MRS, HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bldg..
121 Geary. ft. • — Bust development, electro-
lysis, magnetism, massage.
ELECTRIC light baths: baking for rheu-
matism; all kinds of hydrotherapy: 233 Geary
st. entrance, suit 27; even'gs by appointment.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exaetly. Box 1719. Call. I
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults.' overcoats
sad trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . /
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO:. 340 Tost St.. near Powell.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
_$1 « week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
r Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth-
BARGAINS in fine diamonds: easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery it, \u25a0^\u25a0.~-
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
optician. 16&4 Market gt.. rm. 207; est. 1851.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 78. Fred WagHes. 650 Marfcet-
Euperfluou* hair removed; electric aeedle- Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. r.3H.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you la fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at IS1P Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; drew pants $2 5a
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoat.
MA&QUERADJE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Esrptiah Henna~Te«tore« gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened M i<M Market St., opposite Fifth.,
Oyen until 11 p. m. \u25a0
PHYSICIAXT3 AITP BTJJLQVlOTSTB.
DR.' C C. O'DONNELL— Office snd residence,
1021% Market it., bet. fith and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases » "specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073V4 Market et. ;
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
paet four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated st 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
ease» cured ty Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay et.
' PATENTS. f -
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
toroey-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
, PTTBCHASIgO AOEaCIEg.
CLARA E. JEWETT/ purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollclt-
»d 856S 17th st..San Francisco. Tel.Capp 856.
FBOPOBAIg.
SALE — Office of the Depot Quartermaster. 36
New Montgomery et., San Francisco, Cal.,
Sept. 2». 1904. Scaled proposals. In tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until
10 a. m., October 28, 1904. and then opened,
for the purchase of damaged Khaki Cloth-
tn? vlr. : 122,666 coats, 109.019 trousers,
foot. 1112 trousers, mounted, samples of
which can be seen st this depot. Further
• inforniation and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes contain-
In? proposals should be marked, "Proposals
for Khaki Clothing." to be opened Oct. 23,
1904. and addressed to Major C. A. DEVOL.
q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cai., September 23. 1904—
Sesled proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
mtvect here until 11 o'clock a. m., October
28. 1004. and then opened for constructing
macadam roads snd concrete sidewalks and
gutters at Fcrt Miley. Cal. Government re-
serves the right" to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or In part. Information
furnished on application to WM. 8. PAT-
TEN, Assistant Quartermaster General.
Chief QuartermassVr. • »
SAX FRANCISCO. "CAL.. September 24. 1304—
Scaled proposals,' In triplicate, will be re-
celvnl here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October
24. 1UC1, and then opened for constructing
addition* to Captains Quarters at Infantry
Cantonment, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal..
Including plumpinff, Government reserves
the right to reject or accept any or all bids
in whole or in part. Information furnished
en application to, WM. S. PATTEN, Assist-
ant Quartermaster General. Chief Quarter-
master.
STORAGE AND WABEHOTjrSES.^
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, O. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Marketer. 43; tel South 75O.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.: furniture,
houaehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phon* Mint 2041: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packfcd. ahlp&ed and stored.
PIERCE. RODOLPH Btorare * Moving Co., of-
fice Post and -Powell sU.; tgL Prl. Ex. 67 L
CON KLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Oats ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances rasde. 840
Mission rt.: tel. Howard fril. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC 8torag"» and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Hi pages, sent to sny address In the
United States cr Canada one yeer tor $1. \u25a0
svxttbq yiAOHnrES AirD8xrppi.ua.
THE WHITE IS KINO.
The White Grand Is the most complete sew-
ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
attachments; make both lock and automatic
stitch; see this wonderful machine at the
White Co.'s new retail office. 915 Market et.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;t>est
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
THERE are others, but the White Is klpg of
all zewing machines ; visit the new retail
office of t*e White Co. at 915 Market st.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds, iX {5. $8: guaranteed; where the
dolls swing In the window. Hlftl Market st.
- TY VU W RIT-tatS A1TX> STJPTTjTES. -
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Erpith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $3 50. The
I Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
- Webster-Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
A -WAY* to * health ; mothers* snd daughters'
.home treatment: booklet 'free; write for it.
.VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone «-;' '
_jM3AX i ESTATE-- 4nTT— POB 8AU. .^ *
* ' % '"• \u25a0
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS. r
NEW BLOCK.
FACING PARK. ,
23 BEiAUTIFUL LOTS.
$1600 AND UPWARDS.
A3 PER DIAGRAM.
; /ajo I OJ' f Ql 2.SQO \ >^^^w
N ; /9S:> t**j*H *-'° a 5 '****""*
St: yrs'5 £^s z?5<r\ V|*r— y
lh I: '-r*2. yP_ *.'-?° -^
; /6O< ' | j *° a °~ t S
I V *?f.° J.^\ -3*» i\
I//z/<?^. sr l
\u25a0* '"- . : JQ"f \$ % f*° w .
ft : Soj - e > V; % /aac «
r j -«p so^o yJ '*?* • (v v
~l r~i ' 5
TERMS ONLT OXE-FITTH CASH.
STREET WORK COMPLETE.
BALDWIN' A HOWELU
25 POST STREET.
Branch Office Seventh ave. and H »t
Open every day. Including Sundays.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Post Street.
$6.000— Bryant St.. near 1st; frontages on J
streets; 4 flats and 2 house*; rents for
$55 SO per month; lot 25x160; close to
the Mall Dock.
$14.500— Gough st. business location: 4 stores
and 2 flats of 5 and (5 rooms and bath;
in fine condition; rents $125 per month.
$7,500 Each— Sacramento m.. nr. Laurel; 2
new modern dwellings of 2 flate each:
each flat contains « rooms and bath;
lot 50x133.
$7,000— Baker St.. vicinity of Paahaadle;
nice residence of 0 rooms and bath;
peasant neighborhood; near the ear
lines. •
$6,400 — 2 new modern flat* of 5 and 6 rooms
sn<l bath. In the vicinity of Ellis sad
Pierce; rent for $52 5O per month.
$7,000 — Geary st. near Pierce; store and flats
above; fine business location; rents for
$&> 50 per month; don't let this pass.
$3,200— Elizabeth St.: nice cottage of 7 room*
and bath: comfortable home In the
warm belt of the Mission, near the
car lines.
$25,000— Bus* St.. near Grant ave.: lot 48x
«R. running back to rear street; old
improvements; splendid »ite for new
. brick buildlnr.
$15.000— Hayee St.. near Fillmore: 3 e!«zant
new flats of 7-7-S rooms and bath; rent
for $127 SO pef month; pleasant sur-
rounding9; good investment.
$3.750— Federal st. : 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms,
and rear huuse of 4 rooms; rents for
$25 50 per month; convenient to com-
mercial districts.
$110,009— €acramento st.: splendid location;
fine new apartment hou«e: up to dat*
in every particular: rents for $3750
per annum: lot 70x137:6; secured lease
forelO years.
$4,000 — Sutter ef.. near Broderick: nice hous*
of 8 rooms and bath; rents for $27 SO
per month: lot 25xS7:6; brick founda-
tion; new plumbing.
$15,000— Van Ness ave.; beautiful location: S
modern flats of 7-8 and 8 rooms and
bath; lot 30xlC5; rents for $135 month.
$11,000— Oak st.; beautiful residence ef 19
rooms snd bath, reception hallway, ete.;
an artistic home; lot 32:6x100.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PAKK LOTS! !
We have bought another. Choice Block.
Right on the Boulevard and Ocean.
Graded and fenced; ready to -build oa.
Unobstructed View! Profit for all Purchasers!
Come early and select choicest - 1 jts.
They cannot be duplicated by anybody la
location low prices or easy terms.
$450 to $900.
Oeeanside branch office corner H st. eal
47th ave. Also corner K st. and 49th ave.
boulevard. Open dally and Sunday.
$100 to $350— Nea r Park and Ocean; $5 monta.
$300 to $11CO — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots; on Installments.
$100 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near cars; $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3500 — Modern cottages tn Sunset.
Richmond. Oceansida and Excelsior
Homestead. Easy terms.
BOL GETZ * SOX. Owners and Xtolert,
Room 54.. fourth floor. Chronicle Bids.
LYON A HOAO.
. • . US MONTGOMIRT ST.
NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED.
Sixty lots fronting on Devlsadero, Castro*
Fourteenth street. Duboce ave.
The best snd cheapest lots tn the etty ttm
the money.
PRICE $1400 to $20fl0.
Terms 1-K cash; balance 1. 3. 3 and 4 year*.
Streets bituminized: sewers laid; no eUtev
property In the city with similar advantages)
for tale at such low prices: splendid sur-
roundings; charming views; close to Duboce
snd Buena Vista parks.
28 LOTS ALREADT SOLD.
Ten houses of a superior class now un4»r
construction; $8O,flOQ already spent ea Im-
provements; a splendid opportunity to mtke
money; values bound to Increase; an cxcelleat
location for a home or flats.
SEE THEM TO-DAT.
Take Baight st. cars to Scott or DertiftderH
walk two short blocks south. •
LYON A HOAO,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
AN imposing Old English dwelling, Just com-
pleted; 8 rooms, bath and servant's roomt
lot S0xl06 feet; admired by all who desir*
the refined, artistic sad oat of the ordi-
nary: the newest treatment ts followed la
the French reception room, the English liv-
ing hall and the Dutch dlnlns; room; among
the features are the beam celling; walls pan-
eled in natural woods; speelsl designed fire-
places; window seats, front and rear stairs,
furnace, etc.; unobstructed marine view;
everything tn good taete and best materials;
terms to suit; 903 Ashbury st.; take Haigat
or Ellis st. cars, transfir to JU»nU-»»«.
car; open lor Inspection.
NO INTEHZ3T.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Home*t*a4
Tract • level as a billiard table: oa street
grade: close to fine school; not far from too
Minion- st. rlectrio ears: secure one as aa
Investment snd by the time R to p»id for It
will have doubled In rsiue the w»y prioes
have advanced during the pe>at year; bay
bow before urices become prohibitive la taU
repKUy growing section.
W. J. WHl'l'B.
to Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phono Mats BTM.
i $1150— COR. Silver ave. and Congdon; cottage
4 rooms; must be sold soon.
$ieGO — Cottage. 4 rooms; 220 ZSth St.; -will
loan S12CO on this place. D. COFFIN *
CO.. 252S Mission st.. near 21st,
$4100— TWO sunny flats. 11 rooms: cottage of
4 rooms In rear; all in first class order
210 Valley st.
ONTE large block: will be very valuable to aear
" future far betiding lets. M. SALOMON. S13
Market at.
A i:0CO HOME built to suit you. lot tnctaded.
sny location, on $1 25 per waek. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
A FINE building site; near Twenty- fifth -st.
I station, on Valencia st. ; make otter. Box
| mo. Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHlr
EACH * MATER, plumbers. 9M Howard st.
Sontinued on Page Twelrtfc
ZZCTZtOTtXEZrT •WAgTEP— Male— Con. |
a- SITUATION v.ar.trd to take care of a pri-
«;.:<• plae* by a trustworthy man <U*nO;
:>r.-tar.4» curr.cniRR. horaea, n; liking ; £ix>d
.rmces. Kc= 14SS, Call oifire.
ti IXO man. 17 year* old. wishes rtosltion tn
: -filet*!* hout-e. office PC outtlde work; best
\u25a0 v. ; « : er.ee* ; 2',j years' experience. Bojc
' . '.all uiflce.
llTNti "nan wirhet; i> -s-.ti .» In dental office:
Kf Rftd *om«» y*ar«* experience; rfferences.
\u25a0j % :?T4. Call office.
: : • «UL b* ;-ald to any cne helping me to
.-"cure" cu.tab!e iw.titiea la office or store.
\x 50M. Call office.
r:'AT10N wantM by Ucrman-Swls*. to take
are cf kcrves ar*d cows. 1300 Btockton it.
.\RI<ER. f-rft-L-latk. n:at appearing, wants
« YV-i'- or call 1U3 Powell tt.
KSTT.O — * *m<.r to d.' alterations In r'othinu
u>». cr rr p*ntt maker. Box 2011. Call.
R!£T. with i*n >•€»!-»' experience, wants
j t-.tmti Bex lf>73. Call vffice.
:.» r.NTr.rt. nrn-cr.ii-n. Tan plen building.
»«r.t» wcrk. Box 2070. Call office.
"V-UNI0.1 carpenter wants Heady work,
rkx 2»)0l Csil office.
UQStnCTESCT bookkeeper seeks engagement:
h.-» thcrouga knowledge of general office
w.rk at »hippir.g and general merchant's
'rtJ*:n't*; *or eojne j-ears resident in Au-
-t-Viia er.d the Orient: first-class references.
!i-i; lt60. C*l!.
• V KEENER, fcrtt c:ms. tingle, of long err*.
• :> r.re la landscape and greenhouse work,
»>i»he» tltuetton; private or conunerclal place;
rtlrrenc*. A&irtttt G. D.. box 1070. Call.
:;X-COX\*ICT. re-entl> cenverted. capable of
•r;te!U»eat application, wishes for a new start
with Christian cssploycr. Particulars Paul-
—'1. Superintendent PeaSel Mission, 73»
Hv<«e st.
l-NPERIEXCED traveling taUfir.tn (tS> de.
-'r»s pcsiUca with wholeseJe grocery house;
«T-e«ks Pranish ar.4 German; best of refer-
-. \u25a0<\u25a0» frcm present and pact employ-era.
Vtftfre»« bex 14S5. Call ofice.
W Ar.'TED — Pcsit;cr. rtquiriai services of one
tapable ef attea^Ing to correspondence, tak-
trg charre «»f of see xorc* performing sec-
retarial duties; best re.ferc-nce*. B«x 1X5.
Call clfice.
YOUNG «r.an. SO years c!d. 4 year*' experience
nn-t-cla** hotels. kncwl«dge Frenen, Cer-
r,iti, t-gllkh. mants clhetr ncs'.tlon la hotel.
A£4rt*s MARTIN J. DUTTBER.VD. 1C2S
. T a'l'»on rt.
WANTED — Hy exper>enrea janitor and house-
«.!*aner. er.y kind of inside or outride work
by the cay; sJ*o email. !*.g*it room in ex-
\u25a0 'hara-» Tor wcrk. I. METER. 110 Hyde st.
"jARDENPR, thoroughly experienced and com-
prtert te, assume full charge of first-class
private places. «*»ir*« permmn^nt position
immediately. Bex 1929, Call office.
1 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 !-Va\ and gardener, man about place,
* i»!i*e pcaulion; best of references. Box 19C9.
''all efflee.
CUTLER. Pawsh. wishes a pesition. city er
'rvntry; has first clscs references. Box
Iftfcl. Call.
\Uil'U> Ilk* roritien ss watchman: first-rlass
rtfertm#: will give $10"0 security; etrlctly
srtstr. MGtm r. I. ROWAN. 1234 Pierce st.
WANTED — Fe*itlcn en duck rre»erv - e by an
#xj»ert*nc*d ke»r«r. H. SMITH. 103 Van
Ness eve.
I"<»tIT10N at watchman cr caretaker of a pub-
lic or private j-le<*e: city or country: 20 years'
experience; j»>. i reference. Bos 14S5. CalL
A fcTEADY ecber your.g man from Ohio would
:ik« i '.ac» In a private family. S. GREEN-
.-!..«-.' H 1013 Mission et. /
bOBER man <SJ). American, wants work tn
ccutstry or rrtvate place; wages no object;
reference*. Bex ltS<5. Call office.
NlOHT •\u25a0atcbrean or Janitor work; steady.
-'V*t i. *-.. will put up cash bond. Box
:••."•. Caii office.
YOUNG Germaa «-<shes po«lt)on as dishwasher
tn hotel. r**taurant or boarding house. Ad-
•:--*!\u25a0 t&8 Folsora st.
HONEST, m-illir.g your.g man. looking for por-
ter and bartender poeition: has some expert.
tnt< tending bar. Boa 1753, Call office.
WANTED — Pcsltiea as bookkeeper, ae-cretary
or manacer. bar trustworthy man; best of
reference*. B^x 17%», Call office.
flK ttamper experienced la color.^bronxe and
II!utr.!r.atir.g. from the East, wants situation.
Hex 134J. Call office.
(\u25a0MALL contracts and general Jobbing by %
f^ropetent i-arper.ter; estimates given. A.
V .5TT. Nineteenth St.
A \u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0' German dishwasher wtshes a poet-
•i. r in the city or country. Box 1U3.V Call.
TOUVQ man w1»h»e to learn grocery business;
a few fcctre in the evening. Box 1964, Call.
WANTEI>— Position by s fir*t-cla#s Chlnene
rock; family or hoarding-house. E. L., 1113
«.; tel. Black 3«58.
A ' " r -Ni:.-n «-ants a situation as an assis-
tant cook or general housework, city cr
/•ountry. GEORGE, care Nippon Co.. 607
Import st.
JAPANESE ynusg boy wents position as a
fhool boy. K. E., phone Polsom S3S5. 1504
F"*'.K>m »t.
JAHAKEPE couple would like situation, man
ie> «io rarder.ing or any other kind of work,
and wile to, do rooking. 1216H Poet st. «
A JAPANESE. 24. graduate of medical college.
wants ••\u25a0 \u25a0 • . \u25a0 -i ea asaistant or office boy; city
f<r country. P. I. \V.. 811 Btockton St.
A ' .':i .I-"' Japanese bey waats position for
rtnu»»mcrk and waiting; speaks good English.
K1SHI. 25»A OFarrell at.. San Francisco.
'.'\u25a0:> Japanese boy vsnts a poejtlon as
•cho«lh<»y. FAROW, 1010 McAllister St.;
tel. Fell 71H. •
JAPANCSe rourle want a position; man to
do kltcfeen help; wife es recond worker In
family. TAMATO. 423 Stevenson St.. S. F.
: JAPANESE boy. gentlemanly snd . honest.
• •'tshea k position as schoolboy or half day
• ork. TENJL J- Y. M. C. A.. 121 Height.
A JAPANESE first-class rook wants position
in nice family;$80 to $40.F.T.O..1833 Pine st..
JAPANESE, good boy. wants situation* to~do
houtewcrk; »ages $4 wk. fgAI. 14 St. Mary.
A JAPANESE wants a few hours' work of any
hlpd. cay or night. FRANK. »15V» Btockton.
».XW:i;l.KN«~i;i» Jattane** wishes nositlon as
uatrhrr.iin rf Bsyturt. T. SATO. 121 Hatght.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; aa Immense list;
errilc* absolutely free; take advantage of
tr.te cepartme&t: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
»t.. oo the square.
. MKCTEENTU. 4012. northwert corner Noe.
t.!«k to- Castro and Eighteenth-st. ears —
I>,t«!}7» new, upper C-roofn modern fist;
nwciwin; must be seen, etc.; |25; water
-12!; L
IILEGANT new fi»t: C Urg*. eunny rooms and
»*.th; rect «5 So. 17«7 Page St.. near
Ooldca Gate Perk.
, UI.N'XA. UI4— Eunny flats, rents $15 to $17.f>0;
3 rottjw anJ bath* each; Janitor service,
WHIIW. etc., tree; «all and see them.
- \u25a0 — '
TWlt «t* elegant upper Hate; 6 rooms and
tenth; marine liew; reasonable. SE. cor. Bu-
cttui. and Fi;t*rl ft*.
f'UK. les-ics, near Fifteenth— fi-rocm flats. 1
i'lT^* 0 "* cf M * r «t: Bildaie. $30; upprr.
iZi— LOVELT fist; 6 rooms; all modern sad
', unil> : »*^1 ,* nd *"''••*; Brand view; water
fr«-e. »3»» DtJlorrs »t.. cor. Liberty. j
in SO- LOVELY flat: « roomVnTi mad.™ aM I
»unr.y;_yar.j cu-i t*.ltr; crand view; w»ur
f»«. tii Dclorts «-. ccr. Liberty.
$3 CO— LOVELY fat; 7 rooms; all rrodera and
• «unn>; »a:«r mi hall pas free 874A Valen-
«!a »t.. near Twentieth.
UHKEN. r!5T. nr. Webiter— Most elegant new
:< i<i i.. ui-.i fiat, wltb attic; run all day;
•\u25a0ji-tii.. iioci«truclird merlae view; $70.
$?7 U>~s.-l'jC#i\l .r.ttage. large lawn; 6-room
ft^t fr>. Tl.TTLK. 11 Montgomery a
H B&teM and liath: «UbI« for 2 hors*s and
wagrnr. Cort.f-r Alalignia and SIth;. grocery.
Iw'.!:E. 'K. n<-«r !iib iv#.-Nfw French flat.
u rj«>a.!>; rtr.t X2Z; irerine view: |»arW in rear.
I-ARGES." li«t rf houvct ar.d flats tp let. Call
m T.TOX tc HOAG. 11C Wonigomtry tt.
linjjLRV mnr.y r.-rwrn fiat, bath. 687 Capo
»:.. m**t Twenty-foerth.
NATOMA. 714. n#)ir Ninth — Upper flat- 4
tunny torict: large porch; rrnt $14.
|12— FOUR tunny rocms. 234 Dubocs ave.
t-iv.it r, Guerrero ir.l Market ets-
MISCEI.I.AITEOUS— FOB , SAXE—Con.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; "roods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st. ' -
A— THE (P. J.' Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rinrs for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLK place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel). .
SECOND-HAND wharf plank. 4x12; pine. LE
ROY BRUNDAGE, 2021 Seventeenth «t.:
phone Folsom 2326.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12. upstairs.
THREE pups. 7 weeks old. and one full broke
bitch; high bred Irlah. setters for eale. 227
Nineteenth ave.. Richmond district.
TRY our men> shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
• charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
AN elerant sealskin for rale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN * TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
FOR sale — New phonograph; - half price; GO
records. 368 Twelfth st., Oakland.
30.000 SECOND-HAND brick for sale, cheap.
Nlnteenth snd Folsom sts.
ELEGANT diamond ring $30; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN, 13S Montgomery at.
FOR sale — Genuine water spaniel: young dogs.
CHA8. COLEMAN, 426 Natoma st. top floor.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth Bt.
ROOMS papered: $4- up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third; tel.Maln 413.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber," door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. l<?07 Mrkt.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 607 Miwion et. ; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — F|rst-cla»s new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 102m Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, new snd second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, eale. rental;
bargains. BuIIard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
' h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK A CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 807 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sl«es. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont gt.
_\u25a0 __MISCTIiSAanE'»TT«« WA1TT3.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black S036.
HIGHEST prices fer ladles'. gents' castoft cloth-
ing., etc. Tel. Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st. j
A BIG price for ladles' and gents' eastoff \u25a0
Clothing. 022 Folsom. St.; tel. Folsom 3522.
WANTED— V*. HP. motor, vise, drill press snd '
tools for small shop. 613 Mission st.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1644. 61fi Waehlngton «t.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing airf
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie S&5L
HONSY TO JiOAMT^
COMPANY (IncT)3
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6H and 6 per cent
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY , I
Second mortgage*,, life insurance policies,
estates in probate,' undivided interests in
' property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
- property purchased.
...5.. MANHATTAN LOAN ro«P»XT ...
blilte 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; ptoops JCajn^5eW4_
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-403 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
' Save exoenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided tnter-
' ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc., legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests Jn property purchased.
Courteous titatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage,' on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
Low rate of Interest.
Olv« full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—"
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity pr Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
'any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture. or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3tt Geary, room 30.
HIGHLY respectable priyate place to obtain
\u25a0 liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846. Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teaineters, boarding-houses, without \u25a0
security; ea*y payments; large business In 48
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gager diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
IX>AN & TRUST CO.J 21 Stockton et., near
Market. . j
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton M.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent Der month.
PRIVATE— Money leaned on salaries without
security- diamonds or chattels; nu fee; no
• com.; cut rste.Cal.Loan Co.. 626 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL WAN OFFICE, 007 Market st.
" LOAK.S FROM $1 to $10.000,
1 PKR cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no comniirsiori: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 2(5 Montgomery Bt., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Jut-'t oa their nots; easy payments. 500 Riaito
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. IndorEi-d notes and other necurity. S.
F.- Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
— ' ' —*|- ' ! ~— "\u25a0""\u25a0-—\u25a0
MONEY to loan 4t low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls ami preclou« stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'a. 10 Sixth st^
DON'T borrow mntvey on ralary until you see
us. lluttcn Creijlt Cp.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Lean Co. o( Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311; Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.,
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1000 Mutual Pav. Bank bids., 70S Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral I*oan Bank. 013 Keamy.
3% ON furniture A pianos: $10 up; no removal:
no t«m, V. TREMA1N. room 81. C Eddy st.
CASH loaned enlar^i! people on notes w)t!iput
indflrver. MORREI.L. iW-Ris miner building.
aipsrsTjvAsrTxs.
WANTED— ?4C00. on flrV mortgage, good se-
curity; Tierce rate of Interest. Address Box
'-'Oil j.'all office.
a i7u^c^To1Tu?mGTiTXnRAWTATM^?r^
Frard. splendid for practice ..$40
Sherman, Hyde & Co., eplendld order. ...$123
• Grovefteen Si Fuller, a bargain. ... ....$145
1 Also Chiokerlng, Weber. Stelnwey, Vose.
-Kteck, * btfrlins qnd others at low prices.
i.. BENJ^CURTAZ * SON. 10 O'Farrell tu
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
ttrtns lowest prices and greatest variety of
new piano*: all makes In used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Deary st.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest rxcluslvs piano
house and only manufacturers here. .
CLOSING OUT SALE — Pianos. Just as good as
new; must be sold before October 15.' Prices
range from '8110 to $165. Cash or Install-
ments. 760 Market St., second floor, over
Au'lf.orlura Penny Parlor. First come, first
mvi'd. ' . | \u25a0
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560-82-64
Hayes st, : tel. Fcjl S7G1. >
GOOD tone square grand piano, $50.' 122S
Filbert et.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn, 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany rate; cheap- Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold ; • $155. 237 Geary st. ' : \u25a0 .- " .- ,
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
' new; $135. 237 Geary st.
EOHMER. -Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
: plater. BYRQN MAUZY. 308-312 Poet St. ;
NEW.' upright < pianos sold on $5 monthly ps>y-
/ ments.- SCHMITZ & CO.; 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinwsy up: Checkering baby grand;
• Shoninser, little used. KeefiVs, 285 O'Farrell.
HELP WANTED— MAXE—Contlnned.
WANTED— Man to do Janitor work for his
. tuition In S.F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 1ST 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; . suits, attachments.
• Law and Adjustment Co., S2S Montgy.,r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson at.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BuIlls.r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past Com, Oeo. H. Thomas Poet, O. A. R.
A BRANCH office of The ' 11 for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hat
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
1 Fifth. Open until 11 p. ro. r
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan tc. Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
nice. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to .*>0c 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
rfOBSES AITP .y»flO»3.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 1 Stevenson,* S.F.
FOR sale— Buggy horse, $40. Apply 1317 La-
guna et.
$140 — GREAT sacrifice ; hack team, harness; In
good condition. Box 2069, Call office.
YOUNG buggy mare for sale. Apply 911 87th
St., Oakland. . \u25a0
i .,.<,.., — , _ __ ______
FOR sale— Horse, suitable for delivery wagon.
Box 1184. Call office.
A LIGHT business buggy for sale reasonable.
Box 1064. Call office.
GOING out' of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 18th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday* at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
_"r O _£ET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to lefVsenTfoTcir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Moatgomery.
100 Buchanan, cor. house, 8 r.. I'dry, fine yard
and view; new plumbing; $30 to good tenant.
HOUSES TO TJT-—---""- 't^kED.
PINE, 2790— Sunny bay-window 8 rooms and
bath, completely furnished; yard; basement; i
coal and gas ranges.
SUNNY, modern. 10-room house and «-room
flat, elegantly furnished. 419 Oak st.
HOWARD. 2130, near Eighteenth: 8 rooms,
nicely furnished; Mission warm belt; 1 to 4.
HOTJSE3 PUBlOSg-EP— \u25a0 FOB SAXE.
FOR sale, furnished. 10 rooms; large sunny
.yard: 883 Bush st; call bet. 1 and 5; ask for
landlady.
FURNISHED sunr.y corner house for sale
cheap: going away; good Income. 094 Pine st.
COTTAGES TOLIT.
FIVE rooms, bath, gas, chicken yard, garden.
1017 Lombard, 60 ft. from Hyde; rent reas.
_ IHYALrp QgArBS. "
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair, 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
I.OST AWP FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia SavlDgs
and Loan Society of San Franeisco in the
name of CHRISTINE F. HAAKE or ALICE
HAAKE CHASE. No. 274-780. The finder
will plea*e return to bank.
LOi*T— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of t-an Francisco In the
name of WILLIAM H. FERGUSON, No.
276-1375. The finder will pl«ase return to
baak. j
LOST— A pasB book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings arfd Loan 6cciety of San Francisco In
the name of MARY A. SWIFT. No. 194-630.
Finder will -please return to bank.
LIKB FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Caso Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st. ..
LOST— Lady's gold watch, diamond in back;
also blue ensmeled gold fob with bear en-
graved, attached. Return 2748 Stelner St.;
liberal reward.
LOST — Llewellyn setter; answers name Queen.
Finder please return \o 23o Clara st. ; reward.
LOST— Pearl cross pin: suitable reward If re-
turned to J. M. GOEWEY. Occidental Hotel.
IiAgyCHES FOB HIBB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Hush 534.
J. Mlchiells Launch Co., Unioa-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2688.
MATBIMOyiAI.. • •
OBJECT matrimony; young man of 32 wishes
to meet lady of moderate nn-.iti.-t. Call 10 to
4. EASTMAN. U. S." Hotel.
IIATTRE3SES WT> TTtliOWS.
•TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. IIWKE
BROS., 1432-H4 Howard St.; phone South 21H.
MEPICAI..
LADIES desiring rate, ture and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
male- disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the enly GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. . Est. 14 year», DK. R.
' H. WESTON. office 3C5 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR .WYETH. specialist for all (Venal*
complaints and irregular.tlet ; Instant relief
guaranteed; '40 years' experience. 820 Po«t st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist 1 oT'ill.fs-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
vjsltlrg the leading Fanitariurro. and mater-
nity hotues ot Kurope. will return to H.in
FramiMo on or ultout October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor et.
DrTgTw. O'DONNELL— All who are jrtclTor
la trouble consult this *peclali*t on fema',e
complaints; positively correcteJ; the upfprtu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office 10'. S Market st. -
LADIES, our regulator nt»T fails: a r>rnt*r-
tlon without Internal medicine; urire $2 ner
box! FROST'S Chemical Agency. 1104 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
DU. and MRS. DAVHCS and HINDOO HKRBS:
original method Qf .trtatrnenr 1123 Market.
MRS.~bR. GwVnrt. miA Leavenworth «t.. bfT
tween Geary and O'Farrell. x
LAD1KJ-— Kurnrour.rt; safe, sure never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglen Dn*V_Co . Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 21.95 Folrom ft., corner
2«th: ladles, relief or no fee; ..IPX
" »HSCET.TiAyEP > US :^7*^ BALE.
WALLPAIER.
1 3ijc— Per roll — 3%c.
7>4c. gold embos*?d; was r,5c.
Everyday hou&ehcld point. $1 a gal'on.
Them goods are nrst-clq?». up to .late.
Samples mailed; write us.
House painting, paper hanging, whitening
and tinting. MER1GAN,
New store. 1 124 . Ellis 8t. and 13U2 Webster
st.; phone Jackson 1321.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys; shafting, etc.. «tc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; »ee Sun.lay papers.
H. B. WHITE MCHY. CO.. i:jU-132 Beale »t.
BOILERS.. en(jlne«.2(l-hand machinery. McIN-
TOail * WOLPMAW. 105-107 Fremont tt.
FOR sale— New - and second-hand billiard and
. pool tables; easy payments;' we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mlwlon st. . "
DOES YOUR 'ROOF LEAKT
Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or- ahlneles: best for new roofs.
KLATERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DKSK8— Ae'we are going to more
to New. Montgomery «t., and to avoid moving
stork, will Mil at blc cut in prices. RICII-
ARDSON BROS., lglp Market *t.'
100 TONS steam and. blacksmiths', coal. $2 50
\u25a0 per .long .ton. cash; -ex-yard comer . Howard
and Sptar sts.: call at once; one-ton lots or
over. . : \u25a0
A — BUYS, sells or . rents - gear machinery, \u25a0 en-
glpee.- boilers, twater -pipe, shafting, pulleys.'
. etc. WHITELAW, \u25a0 253-255 Spear pt. .
FULL line of .drummers' samples In. grips and
1 trunks; for 'sale cheap' at '2o' Stockton st.STOCK MAEKET.
Emma L. Ehmann :to Charles E. Ehmann.
lot on SE corner of McAllister and Buchanan
street. E 53 by S 120: $5.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Peter H. and
Meta F. Ruin's, lot on N line of Post utreet.
62:6 W of Laguna. W 02:6 by N 125: $10.
Soren B. Peterson to Henrietta P. Miller and
Meta C. Peterson, lot en E line of Buchanan
street, 120 S of Jackson. S 27:8%, by E 137:6;
gift.
William Costello to Sarah A. Costello, lot
on S line of Grove street, 137:6 W of Fill
more W m by S 137 :C: gift. .
Henry Brunner to Henry J. and Anna See
gelken. lot l on W line of Devisadem street,
87:6 N of Haight. ,N 25 by W 87:6; $3000.
- Henry J. and . Anna , Seegelken \u25a0 to A. and A.
EvSbarboro, trustees, same; $10.
'. John -B.* and. Agnes ;. Preston to James K.'
Ross, lot on E line of Boyce street. CJ2 N of
TUESDAY. SEPT. 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 — 4a or cp new.l31*4132>-i
4s q r reg...:10Q%107 3s qr coup... 105 & —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — IO T Co Cs..ll9% —
Assd Oil 5s. 70. — I Do 5s .111 —
Bay CPC 5s. lot • — -Do'Con 5s. — 103
Cal C G 5s.lC2*4 — Oceanic S 5s. — 67#
Cal G&E g Om Cable Cs.124 —
..m & ct 6s. 80% 81% Pac G Im 4s. 95 90
Cal-st C Bs.112% — P E Ry 5s. .105 —
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P&.C H.85.IM
Ed L&P C9.121 125 P & O R Cs.114 —
F & C H 63. — — Powell-st 6s —
Geary-st'5s. 60 . — Sac EG&R 5s 99>$1CO —
H C&S 5VjS. — — SF&SJV. 5s. 118% —
Do 5s.... .10114 — Sierra Ry CS.IIIJ4 —
Hon R T Cs.lO7*i — P of A Cs
LA Elec 5s.— 104 : .....108Vi— \u25a0„
LA Ry 53.117 — (1910) .lOOi-i —
L A L Co 6s — - — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Cs. — ' -'—,.. (1005)Sr A.103%104^
. Do 5s.:...103V.105 . .(lf»05)Sr B.-— •\u25a0 107%
LAP lem r.s. 104% — (190C) . 106^107^
Mkt-st C Cs.115' — (1012) . 116V4117
Do lem 5s. 113 % — . SPC 1 cff.Cs.H7Vi —
MV&MtT 5s.lO5 — \u25a0 Do stmpd.109% —
\u25a0N R of C 6s.lOCi£ — ; |8P B R 6s. 133. — .
. Do'5s... ..118% — IS V Wat- 6s. 104
N.P C R 5s. 105 \u25a0 '\u25a0 Do 4s 2dm. 100 100%
"N C Ry 5s... — 112 Do 4s 3dm.. 99 —
NvC P C Ks. — JtO . Do gmt? 4s 98% 90
N S R R 5s. — 102%|Stkn G&E 6s. 03 —
O GL&H 5s..— 110VilU-G & E 5s,102i4 —
O "W; gtd 6s: \u25a0\u25a0—•\u25a0100 .-I
W*ATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% I Port I Costa. . — —
Marin Co... — .60 Is.VWat Co. 38% 39
GAS AND . ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P. S% 4 |"S"F G & E..61% 62
The Mercantile Trust Company has declared
the regular semi-annual- divld-end of $3 per
share, payable October I. "?.-;
The American Wool Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per cent
onprff-srred stock,, nayable October, 15.
The California Gas and Electric Corporation
has declared the regular monthly dividend.
No. C, of 23c per share, payable October 15.
The comparative earnings for the month of
August show- the following Increases: gross
earnings. $03,005 33; profit. $17,144 16. and net
surplus, $14,019 16.
\u25a0 The American Shipbuilding Company has
declared a, regular quarterly dividend of 1%
I*>r cent on the \u25a0 preferred ; stock, payable Oc
tober 15. \u25a0 iftiiiwtionjn''
Yesterday was another very fair day on
th* Stock and Bond Exchange, but the only
feature was the continued advance in Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company, the
stock losing ?2 50 to $116, with $116 25 bid
at the close. Otherwise there were no varia
tions worthy of comment. 'Some of the mining
stocks were more active and higher on rumors
of improvement on the 2250 lev«l of the Con
solidated' California and Virginia mine and on
the 1SC0 level of the Ophir. coupled with some
good buylnsr orders from Virginia City.
The Palm Borate Company has levied an
assessment of lc, delinquent October 20; Cali
fornia Combined Oil one of 2c, delinquent Oc
tober 7.
* — #
Trading Still Very Fair* in Local
Stocks and Bonds.
Flour, qr sks... 5,275 Shorts, sks °25
Wheat. ctU5.... 1.9SI Feed Bks 220
Barley, ctls.... 5,531 Hides. No 276
Oata. ctls 2.832 Pelts, No 220
Rye, ctls.y,.... 155 Tallow, ctls 33
Beans, sks..... 053 Leather, rolls... 12«
Potatoes, sks... 089 Ume. bbls 27S
Bran, sks 3,827 Paper, rms 40
Middlings, sks. 790 Wine, gals 36,450
Hay. tons 21C Sugar, ctls 4,440
Hops, bales 406| Quicksilver, flks. 40
Wool, bales 234|
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27.
Receipts of Produce.
Connna M. -'Curtis . (owner) with Bnltdlrz
Construction Ompany (contractors t, art h^
Uect— All work for a tw»>-story frame bulldlne
Anna Taft (owner) Wtb A. II. Watien (con
tractor), architect E. W. Hyde— All work for
a three-ttory frame buUdlns; (three Hats) on
E line of Stelner street. IJo S of Sutter -8
27:rt by E 110; *K00O. , * .•
Mary E. McCaffery (owner) with Nicholas
McCabe (contractor), architect M. J. WaUh
All work for a tw«vstory frame bultdlnz <two
flats) on the N lln*» of Tventy-lhii-,1 strppf
203 W of Nee. W 25 by N 114: $4C^>. *
Builders* Contracts.
S. Ducas Company to Georar*
Ryan, lot on SS line of Prralta avenue 87-4t'
NE of Butler avenue, NE 29:1%. S '93-97
W 23. N SOzlOU,. lot ft. block 3. Franconta-'$liV
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to r j*
Devlin, lota 4P1 and 483. fflft map 3: $lo '
Clifford and Margte Allred to R. Lucaa Com
pany, lot 23. block 521.' Haiey Purchase- Sto
Julhis C. Re«s to Phlllnpe Maysounave lot
13, block 3, Rela Tract: grant.
Estate of John Sweetman. by Henry R
Lister, administrator, to William R. Doran
lot 2<>. rift map 3, excepting 0:4 off \v sida of
lot: $1100. ,.•\u25a0-..\u25a0'\u25a0!. .
\u25a0 Orville D. and Millie C Baldwin to Ma'urics
Willard. lot on V/ line of Forty-fifth avenue
100 S of C street. S 225 by W 240: $10.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Laura
B. Klmball. let on E line of Forty-sevent'
avenue. 123 N of K street. N 25 by E 120- $1*>
State .of California, by E. J. Smith. Tr \u25a0
Collector, to John U. Grady. lot on N lit 8
of S street. 32:6 E of Twentieth avenue.
50 by N 100: 5100. 1
J. S. Hermann and N. D. Newman %'-
Francis P. Molntyre. lot on W Una of ThS-tT r
ninth street. ISO N of X. N SO by W 12o- jj
Same to Maxwell Levy, lot on W Un"' of
Thirty-ninth avenue. 100 N of X street. N co
by W 120: $5. ;
Point Lobos avenue. N 27 by E 120. and lands
adjacent; $10.
Gertrude E. Stephens to Charles Patton. re
record 2076 D. 73 of lot on E line of Ashbury
street, 50 S of Page. S 25 by E SO; $10.
Charles and Jessie Patton to Rasmus P.
Jorgensen, same; $10.
. Thomas J. and Louise Sullivan (Magrath) to
Leopold D. Welrand. lot on W line of Ttemont
435 S of Frederick, S 25 by W 80; $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Pinney to* Maurice and
Belle Aron. lot on N line of Sacramento street.
164:6 W of Cherry. W 27 by N 127:8\i: $10.
E. W. and Stella H. Lick to Julia Dolllver.
lot on SW line of Eleventh street. 130 NW ot
Harrison. SW 94:3*i, NW to Norfolk. NE 9S»
SE to beginning; $1.
Julia Dolllver to Jacob Herman Company,
lot on SW line of Eleventh street. 130 NE of
Harrison. NW 23. SW 87:7. SE 21:4. SW »4;
Francis and Julia O'Kan» to Bridget and
Simon Shannon, lot on £ line of Folsom street.
&5 N of Twenty-first N 25 by E 95; $10.
Christopher M. Naulty to Mary J. Naulty,
lot on S line of Seventeenth street. 32:6 W at
Capp. Vi 5<> by S 110. quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary J. Naulty to John M. and Mary Bryan,
lot on S line of Seventeenth street. 33: ft W o£
Capp. W 25 by S 110; $10.
Augustus J. Ranken to John R. McLean lot
on N line of Fourteenth street. 33 W of Wal
ter. W 55 by N 88; $10.
Clara S. and Oliver D. Myer to Henry W»
Beebe. lot on E line of Noe street, 80 3 of
Duboce. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Alma V. N. Olsen (wife, of John) to Joha
J. and Lillian J. Kins, lot on E lisa of Capp
street. 151:3 S of Twenty- fifth, 8 21:3 by IS
115: $10.
Estate of David R. Jones (by Charles C.
Bemls. exscutor) to John Lundholra. lot oa VJ
line of Church street, 70:6 S of Jersey, S 50
by E 114; $1400.
Hermann D. Hoffmann to Alexander and
Mary Crowe, lot on E line of Church street.
202 N of Twenty-fourth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Charles P. Kertell to Alexander and Jenn!»
Crew lot on NE corner of Clipper and San
chez streets. E 25:11 by N 114; $10.
Aaron Miller to Henrietta Llchtenstein. lot
on S line of Adelaide street. 83:10 W of Tay
lor W 51:8 by S 51:0: $10.
Rebecca Gaver to John J. O'Brien lot on 3
line of Vallejo street. 114:7 W of Hyde. W
22:11 by 8 l.!7:6; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to I.lanle
B. Dalton. lot on E line of Twenty-fourth av»
nue. 125 S of California street, a 50 by E 120;
Margaret Poehlman to J. W. Wright A Sons
Investment Company, lot on W tine of Twenty
first avenue. 125 S of A street, S SO by W
120; $10.
The committee of grand jurors
which was delegated to canvass the
rosters of the Forty-fourth Assembly
District in the search for evidences of
fraud was ln session last evening and
went over the signatures in the twelfth
precinct. The stuffing In this district
was on a small scale compared with
the operations of the law-breakers in
the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third dis
tricts. "*
Grand 1 Jurors Examine Roster.
Krtensive Arrangements Haxe Been
Made to Insure Comfort and Pleas
ure to the Attendants.
The sixth annual picnic and outlns
of Council No. 15, U. P. E. C, Portu
guese Union State of California, -will bo
held at Shell Mound Park Sunday and
promises to be a great event in the
Portuguese colony.
Extensive arrangements have been
made for the pleasure and comfort of
those who attend. An unusually in
teresting programme of athletic
events has been arranged. Dancing
v.-ill be enjoyed throughout the day. A
feature "will be the Azorian dance by
Jose de Souza Goularte.
The following committees hava
charge of the picnic:
Committee of arrangements — A. F. de Frel
tas (chairman). . F. D. Rodrisuea (secretary),
J. J. Sllva (treasurer), M. J. D'Oilveira, John
I. Ilafael. J. V. Lopes. A. J. Furtado £r
Floor manager^ — Joseph L. Contente. Assist
ant floor managere — John B. Campodonico and
A. J. Homem.
Gate committee^ — M. J. D'Oliveira, M. M.
Dos Reis. Jcse L. Costa. L. M. Pollard.
Ticket committee — Jose V. Lopes, II. J. Ga
briel.
Games committee — M. S. Rodrlgues, Joe*
Baptista, ' Lion Dolheguy.
Azorian dance — Jose de Souza Goularte. A«
slstantsy-M. Si* Martin «tv.l M. I.Tlres.
Tombola committee — John F. Corriea (chair
man). J. J. Silva, John I. Rafael. *J J :\u25a0;
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7 "4®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7"4®7%c. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $41®42 for local use and
$41<?j 1 41 50 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales, 00c for common and $1 for
granulated; Dairy, ?5 50 per ton; Granulated,
?6 50; Half Ground. 100- lb bags $3 25; do,
50-lb bags, $3 75; Rock Salt. $2 75@3 in 100
and $3 25 ln 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool,
$11 50. $12 50 and $13 SO per ton in packages
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs respectively, v
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. ln 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.1Cc; Candy Grr ulated. 6.10e; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
Cc; Fruit Granulated Cc; Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). ; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.00c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c: "D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes. *«.7oc; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, 'ordinary sizes. $18@19; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood, $19@23; Lath 4
feet. $3 75@4; Pickets. $17@25c: Shingles,' $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33@?9.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, lOJAc: Astral.. 19 %c;
Star. 10%c: Extra~Star, 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, ln bulk.
lCc; In cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in
cases, lOJAc; SO-degree Gasoline, ln bulk, 23c;
ln cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in casea and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
S0@33c for No. 2; medium 80@37c: light. 29®
35c; skirtine. No. 1. 40@42o; No. 2. 36@3Sc;
Collar Leather, 10@16c per foot; Trace Leather,
40® 44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50@60c per lb; Calf, finished. C5c@$l
per lb; Wax Sides. 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits. SfrlOc
per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick.
$16 50@18 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c ; Linseed, 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c # for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 Will 12; Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases,
CCiySOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, -73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring OH, 42c; dark Herring Oil,
4Uc; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
\u25a0PORTUGUESE COLONY WILD
, PICNIC AT SHELL MOTTXD
Mutual B I.. 10 12 I Stkn O & B. — «"%
Paclflo L Co 69 - lUO&BCo.- 1 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.315 ;".'!"> t '
• BANK STOCKS,
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 |Lon. P & A. 130 —
Anglo-Cal ..85 90 Mer Trust... 2T.0 240
Bank pf Cal. — 425 Merch Ex... CO «>*»
Cal Safe Dp. — U0 i S F National — —
First Natlonl — — I
. SAVINGS BANKS.
'Ger S * L.233O — ffiav & L So. — 100
Hum 8 & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 1P0 j Union T Co.. — —
B F Bar Un.CIS — | !
STREET RAILROADS.
Calif oral* ..193 200 | Presidio — 41
POWDER.
Giant 63% 64%|Vlgorlt — *R
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62% — I Makawell C. M"4 28%
Honokaa S C 15% 15%Onomea S C. 27Ti —
Hutch 8 P C 10>4 lOaiiPaauhau S P 15% 15%
Kilauea HO— VM
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.125 127 "4 1 Oceanic S C. 2 .—
Cal F C A. — 100 I Pac Aux FA. 4fS —
Cal Wine A. M 85 | Pac C Borax. 156 —
MV&Mt Tm. 96 — iPac S T&T.116K —
SALES.
Morning Stssloa.
Board—
6 Makawell 23 50
BO Oceanic S 9 Co 2 50
100 Pacific States Tel and Tel Co.. 116 CO
75 8 F Gas and Electric 61 75
$1,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 101 25
$2,000 North Shore 5s..: 102 50
$10,000 8 P of Arizona (1909) 1C8 25
$1,000 Spring Valley Cs 104 25
Street —
$3,000 8 V 4s <2d mtge) 100 50
\Y; Afternoon Session, j
Board-—
25 Honokaa S Co.. ..........~.~. 15 62*4
25 Honokaa S Co 15 50
50 Oceanic 8 8 Co 2 50
100 Paauhan 8 P Co 15 87>4
50 Paauhau 8 P Co 15 75
15 8 F Gas and Electric 61 50
$2.C0O N P C R R 5s 105 25
$2,000 Sac Elec Gas and Ry 5s 00 50
$5.01)0 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 1U 50
Street— v
16,000 Lo» Angeles By 5> .117 21
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELJUANEOUS BONDS.
• Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 . — S P C Ry 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P Co 4%s.lOOJ4 —
Cal N W 5s. — 113 Sun T&T 68.112^ —
M C Wat 5s. 10O — Do 5s 1C5"* —
Rlsdn I\V 5a — 105 Sutter-st 5s. 104 —
8 E Drdk 5s — — . UR of SF 4s. 85 85U
SF&NP5S. — j-
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala. S Co... 27 29 Lon 8 F Bk. 43 —
Am Biscuit. — 90 Mat Nar Co. — 90 ,
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mills Ntl Bk. — —
Cal G&E Cor 47',4 4S% Nev Ntl Bk.195 —
Cal Jock C1.110 — N S R R ?!4 —
Cal Pdr Co. 130 145 N C P C... 0 9%
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal T I & T— 155 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak r- 65 IOOF Hall A 6*4 —
Chutes Co... 4 6% Orpheum Co. — 15"4
City & C Bk — 120 Pac C Cas..l2S —
Cyp Ln Im. — 6% Pac Srty Co. 105 — ; :
East Dynm. — 875 Paraf Paint. 39 ~— \u25a0 -
DuP Pdr pfd 75 85 8 F Drydock. — 65
Do com... SO — SF&SJV Coal 17>4 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — S J Water... 103% —
Fischer Thtr 10c 40c SO &Tgbt C.125 —
Frnch-A BI-.108 — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — 21% Truckee Elec 12 13%
Hono P Co. 24 — UR InCp pfd 56 67%
Do (pool). — 28 Do com..... 12 —
*. SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
$1,000 S F & N" P Ry 5s 112 00
Street —
100 Union Sugar Co 33 00
Afternoon Session.
20 Northern Cal Power Co 9 CO
$14,000 11 R R of S F 4s 85 12%
$10,000 U R R of S F 4s 85 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
; Apollo 40 41
' Associated Trust Certificates 19 21
Caribou 4 35 4 50
Claremont 73
Four 56 58
Harford ." 1 75
Home 1 35 1 40
Imperial ...... 18
Independence 27 30
Junction 2
Kern, old ..'. 4 50 ......
Alonte Cristo • • 60
Occidental of W. Va 4 5
Oil City Petroleum 61 55
: Reed Crude 15O
Senator.. 60 67
Sterling 2 70 3 00
Toltec 1 05
Twenty-Eight 10 00 12 00
M iscellaneous —
Chutes Company ".. 6 75 7 00
Truckee Electric 11 75
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
COO Four Oil ». 57
Afternoon Session.
200 Four Oil .\ 57
100 Caribou 4 6O
8 Associated Bonds 70
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cibco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Caledonia ... C2| 200 Overman 20
1100 Chollar » 221 1100 Potosl 20
4 0 Con C & Va..l 101 400 Sierra Nev.... 33
100 Crown Point. 141 ' 100 Silver Hill.... 50
100 Exchequer .. C2| 100 Silver Hill.... 49
1100 Kentuck 05| 200 Union Con.... 41
500 Ophir 2 351 400 Union Con.... 42
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Alpha 10| 100 Ophir 2 50
2C0 Andes 21 300 Potosl 21
SCO Bullion 25| 600 Savage 23
200 Chollar 23j 200 Savage 24
7C0 Con C & Va..l 05 500 Seg Belcher... 12
200 Crown Point. 15 200 Sierra Nevada 33
ICO Gould & Cur. 26 9C0 Sierra Nevada 37
300 Hale & Norc. 64 600 Union Con.... 48
500 Julia 10 100 Union Con.... 47
100 Mexican 1 20 3500 Utah 12
200 Ophir ..^....2 45|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Goldfld B Bell 09|3300 Reacae 12
500 Goldfleld Ton. Ill 300 Ton Belmont.. 57
1800 MacNamara . 37 100 Ton Gold Mt. . 16
COO MacNamara . 381 700 Ton Midway. .
9 Afternoon Session. v
1230 MacNamara . 3918000 Reseua 12
2000 MacNamara . 40| 200 Sandstorm ... 32
2000 MaeNamara . 42I10CO Ton N Star... 25
600 Montana Ton.l 001
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Sept. 27—3 p., ra.
Bld.Ask.j „ '\u25a0•"\u25a0Bld.Ask.
Alpha r 09 • lllJulIa .......V*. fo 10
Alta ........ 08 10| Justice ...^CS 10
Andes 20 211 Kentuck 05 06
Belchpr 32 3 1| Lady Wash... 02 05
Best & Belch. 1 15 1 251 Mexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion 2* 26' Occidental ... 7.1 SO
Caledonia ... 62 63| Ophir 2 33 2 40
Challenge Con 20 21 Overman .... in "M
Chollar .. 19 20 Potosl is 19
Confidence ... 00 02 Scorpion 06 CS
Con C & Va..l 25 1 30' Savage 21 .22
Con Imperial. 01 C2|S>g Belcher... 11 13
Con N York.. C6 OS! Sierra Nev 35 35
Crown Point. 14 15' Silver Hill.... 43 50
E Sierra Nev. 08 CflfSt'Louis 10
Eureka Con..- — CO! Syndicate .... oa c»
Exchequer ... 52 MITTnlon Con.... 45 41;
"Gould & Cur. 24 25!Utah 12 13
Hale & Norc. 64 C6lYrllow Jacket 21 "8
TONOPAH MINES.
B J5* AS E*! *BId.Ask.
Adams 07 CS Paymaster ... 03 04
C-olumbia 23 — Pine Grove... 10
Eiperanza .... 01 02IOulncy. ...... 12
Eu!a Con 10 20 R a y Extension- — 08
Golden Anchr — 30 Ray A O'Brien 07 ,
Oldflld B Bell — C9 Ray Ton 10 —
Goldfleld M C — 75 Red Top 1« 17
Goldfleld Mhk 1? 231 Rescue ....... 12 —
Ooldfleld S P. — IS! Sandstorm ... — 30
OoMf!«-M Ton. 11 — {Ton rtelmont. . 59 FO
Gold Mtn Con 02jTon f: Cal TO
Hanrapah ... — 10! Ton Exten..l 32U 2 00
H»nnar«»"i MC 10 — I Ton Crt West. 02 —
Haze" Kirk.. — 12! Ton Gold Mt. 15 J«
Jim Butler. . . — KJ I Ton Midway. . 3S S9
Jumbo 70 -75' Ton of Nev. . .8 <V> 8 ?5
Little Ton — .VlTnn NStar... 20 • "3
Luckv Tom.. — 171 Utopia 10 _
MacNamara .- 3n ' 40! West End 15 17
Montana Ton.l 00 — |
"The third Eucharistic Congress of
the United States, assembled In the
Cathedral of New York, thanks the
Holy Father, Pope Pius X, most cor
dially for the paternal love and bless
ing contained in his official benedic
tion, and salutes him with filial lov«
and loyalty."
Committees were appointed and let
ters of regret read, including a letter
from Archbishop Riordan of San Fran
cisco.
The Pope by a special letter baa
commended the spirit of the congress,
the message being delivered to the del
egates, consisting of over 1000 priests,
half a dozen Archbishops, fully a score
of Bishops and numerous monseigneurs
and ecclesiastics of high orders, by
Monseigneur Falconlo, apostolic dele
gate to the United States. At tee sug
gestion of Archbishop Farley, the
Archbishops, Bishops, monseigneurs
and clergy united in sending a message
of thanks to Plus X, and the following
bearing the signatures of the Arch
bishops of .New York was cabled to
Rome: •' * .:.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27.— No event in
the history of the Roman Catholic
church in the United States has ever
brought together so many priests, prel
ates and members of the hierarchy as
the third general Eucharistic Con
gress, which was opened to-day with a
solmen pontifical mass at St- Patrick's
Cathedral.
At Suggestion of Archbishop
Farley Message of Thanks
Is Cabled to City of Rome
POPE SENDS A LETTER
Third General Eucharistic
Congress Big Event in
History of Eojnan Church
MANY PRIESTS
IN CONCLAVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, .1904,
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
12
BOOMS TO IiBT — rnrn. and UnfnraJ
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms ; at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and SI 25 to $5 week.
JONES, C23 n«ar Bush — Sunny front alcove
room, cozy corner, $20; also housekeeping
rooms?, very sunny. $27. '
MARKET, lolu (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; hot. cold water, elevator.
NOE, 254 — IVont room, well furnished, for 1
or 2 cents ; 14 block from Market st_
PAGE, 1776—2 unfurnished rooms and bath.
PINE. 1733, block from Van Ness— 1 or 2
fine rooms; bath, phone, etc.; reasonable.
POST, SS9 — Large furnished room ; running
water; lor 1 or 2 gents; references.
METROPOLIS N Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
fingle and fan.ily rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $S per week; the only new end mod-
ern hotel and rooming house ln San Fran-
cisco that cat hot and cold 'water, electric
lights call bells, steam heat ln every room
nnd gives free batlts and elevator service day
and night to Its guests.
6HRADER 1038 — Nicely furnished room to
. let, two "blocks from park. \u25a0_
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished front
rooms; also single rooms; $2 to $6 week.
SUTTER, 820 — Newly furnished, sunny, front
alcove, bay-window rooms; grate; hot water;
also single rooms.
TATLOR, 710. near Sutter— A fin* suite or
one single room; bath; gsntlemen preferred;
. reasonable.
THE Larchinont. 361 Sutter— New brick bUg..
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam neat,
privilege to baths; $3 to $6 week.
TURK, 300%— Large sunny bay-window room,
suitable for two,
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA, 210— Large sunny room; private
family. . \u25a0 , ' __
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night. up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church stt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ' \u25a0
BO QMS AISTD BO AXD. j; _^_
EXCELLENT BOARD. \u25a0
HANDSOME ROOMS.*SINGCE OR EN SUITE.
MODERATE RATES. FREE BATHS.
NEWPORT. 1018 PINE ET.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, nr. Jefferson Park
— Furnished front rooms; bath; prl. house;
good board, $24; two, $36, per month.
THE COMORA. 621 O'Farrell — Large front,
with bath, and sunny eouth room; superior
table. V:
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with ex-
cellent table board: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine funu
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
HOWARD 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk.; American family.
BOGUS with board; all location*. Phone Clay
C96. I
SUNNY front room; private family; excellent
board ; reasonable. 1241 Sanchez st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
£07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOMS AITD SOABP WANTED.
WANTED — By gentleman,* furnished room and
bath, with board, or without, ln private
family. Box 2Q09 Call office.
ROOMS WANTED. {
TWO unfurnished rooms; close ln; state price.
Box 1537. Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0
ROOSX-BEZmZTG AGENCY. »
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 096,
or call at 117 Sutter at. - • \u25a0 \u25a0 .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The CJareraont Oil Co.,
on October 1, 1904, will' pay a dividend.
No. 4, amounting to $4500. equal to one (lc)
cent per share on its Issued capital stock,
payable at the office of the company, .731
Mills building, this city. Transfer books
close MONDAY. September 20, 1904, at noon.
GEORGE J. REMINGTON, Secretary.
: DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of ban Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 464. California St., San
Francisco. October 1. 1904. Transfer books
will close September 23, 1904. i
JOHN D. McKEE, Secretary.
jfND^ST AMl^BINQ^^
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. |n S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: , r ,". ; '" „
Frank M. Mott, 21, Placervllle, and Hattie
II. Perry, 21, East Oakland.
Arthur H. Voigt, 31, 15C0 Sacramento street,
j and Helen M. Cary. 31, 524 Ellis street.
George Hadley. 24, 45 Taylor street, and
Mathilda Gabotl. 20. 41 Stockton street.
Alexander H. Stephen*, 30, 331 Geary street,
and Maud M. Thomas.! 22, Sacramento.
Edward W. Hoertkorn, 24, 1S11 Dupont
\u25a0 St., tnd Jennie R. Ostino, 19. . 522 Filbert st.
James J. Treux, 31, 271 . O'Farrell street,
and Bessie C. Logan, 21, Sacramento.
Fllippo Campanella, 24, city, and Lena Cas-
slnl, 24, 815 Bryant street.
Domenlco Galletto. 30. 1206 Valencia street,
and Caterina Sciacchitano, IS. 1206 Valencia st
Cecil Webster, i'4, 104 Turk street, and Louisa
M. Losano, 27, 104 Turk street.
James C. Sims, 21, Lick House, and Laura
L. McDonald, 18, 914 Union street.
August Labieze, 21, 1401 Powell street, and
Eugenie Biraben, 22, 1401 Powell street.
Glsbcrto Paoll, 21, 124 Green street, and
j Emma Tognoll, 18, 124 Green street.
; Chew.Tong, 27, 12 Trenton place, and Choy
Fung Ho. 22. 012 Washington street. .
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEAM- \
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent ' by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eocs authorized to have the same .published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charse.
BORX.
BLUM— In this city, . September 23, . 1904 to
the wife of Edmund T. Flum, a daughter.
BUNKER — In this city, September 18, 1904
to the wife of Richard B. Bunker, a son.
ENGLER — In this city, September 16, 1904,
to^the wife of John W. Engler. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERG — TREMBLEY — In this city September
25, 1904, by the Rew R. Logan, Eugene F.
Berg of San Francisco ana Florence Trem-
bley of Quebec. Canada.
CHAMBERLAIN — LOY — In New York City,
September 27. 1904, by the Rev. Robert Coll-
yer, D.D., William E. Chamberlain of Court-
land, N. Y., and Mary Eugenia Loy of Berke-
ley. Cal.
GOSS — HENWOOD — In this city, September 25
1904, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor"
of Central M. E. Church, Leslie Allen Goss
and Bertie Jane Henwood, both of San Fran-
cisco. . ' -*? ' >
HAPP— BAKER— In this city, September 26,
lt>04. by the Rev. Dr. Strong, ,W. H. Happ
and Lina E. Baker.
HUTCHESON— SLOPER— In this city, Sep-
tember 25. 1904, by the Rev. George W
White, jjastor of Centra! M. E. Church. .Wil-
liam J. Hutchcson and Kate E. Sloper, both
of San Francisco.
MORAN— BnOWN— In g*n Rafael, Cal.. Oc-
tober 1, 1903. by the Rev. David James, Wil-
liam Moran and Annie : . H. ; Brown.
PRATT — MEEKS — In this city, September 28
1904. by the Rev. Fred A. Keast, August
Norman Pratt and Cora Meeks, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Bredehoft, Claus O'Leary, Patrick '
Bremer, William H. Oenhausen, •; Modesto
Bunker, Paul . •_'\u25a0 Powers,' James '
Crowley, " George M. • Raulet,- Charles
Eastwood, Mary H." - Rodgers,'. Mary E.
Goldstein, \u25a0 Maurice Rohdenburg, N.-
Haar, Anna .' . Schmidt.' Phillip J. ;
Hollings. Nicholas Schram, Mrs. -H.
'\u25a0 Hynes,- Lloyd A. Selenger. Harry . '
Johnson. Gertrude . h Stenmark, Ida
Laws, Mrs. C. M. \u25a0?' > Telgeler, Caroline
• Leonard, Gertrude I 'Thomsen, AnnaD.. ,
McCauley, John Uhl, George
Meinke,' Margareta j* ' Van Vranken, C. D. -
Moran, Jamea ;_ Jv> Wettig, ; Minna -
Nicholson, Parker, • >'•\u25a0 Wilson, Dr. % M. M.
O'Keefe. Catharire -,%..
BREDEHOFT— In' "th* , 'city. -.September' 27,
- 1004, Claus. dearly bjloved husband of Anna
caicgsir saitches.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
.Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
KubdivMins fine orchard on gentle elope.
Flse to suit; easy terms: plenty water; fine
fruit; call for details; 6 o and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERT^APTS
A T,^-w-RPAaEAS ESTATE.
PRICE $1300 each— 2 nice 5-room cottages ad-
joining each other on finely Improved street
close to S. F. local and electric cars; high
basement, large lot. good location, near
school and business center; terms If desired;
EPeCi TllF?tlERRITT-WOIX:OTT CO..
932 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA PUBLISHED HOUSES^
WILL lease, to responsible people only, beauti-
ful home of 11 well furnished rooms; largo
grounds fruit trees, stable and carriaee-
houBe; very reasonable; water free. Box
1544. Call office. • '
BERKELEY ADVERrS'NTS
BEBEILEY BBAX^ jjSTATB.
FORCE of circumstances cause for selling; cor-
ner lot. with 2-story building;, store and 4
llvlns-rooms down stairs and .5 rooms and
bath upstairs; lot 60x110: street work done
on one side; price $2250; mortgaged for
J1400; lock at this and make offer: this
property is In good location and only 3
blocks to station; 1 block to electrlo cars.
O. A. RUDOLPH: open Sundays; Lotin Sta-
sion. South Berkeley. ;$?£
NEW 2-story house, bath, pantry, folding;
doors, pas fixtures and electric lights; also
gas stove, connected; refrigerator built ln
houss; writing desk built ln library; large
rooms, extra fine mantel and everything flrst
class; lot 40x100; street work done; cement
coping and sidewalk; Just think, only $3500;
terms $C0O cash, balance same as rent; close
to Key Route Station. O. A. RUDOLPH,
open Sunday Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
SNAP — Almos\ new; five-room cottage, bath,
pastry, brick foundation, washhouse. chick-
en-house and robbit-house: nice garden; lot
30x125: 2 blocks to Southern Paclflo sta-
tion and electric cars; also factories; price
$1250; house alone cost $1000; terms $200
cash, balance $16 monthly. O. A. RU-
POLPH. open Sundays. Lorln Station, South
Berkeley. ._
OAKLAND ADVERTS'M-Ta
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAglAOT B.EAS ESTATE.
PRICE $1400 EACH.
Two cottaces in East Oakland, adjoining;
each other; four rooms and bath each, high
basement: close to electric cars and San Fran-
cisco local; good for the nibney; terms If de-
PRICE $2350.
A beautiful cottatre on electric car line ln
East Oakland: 6 rooms and bath; hlsrh base-
ment: all modern; large lot covered with frnit.
flowers and nice lawn. A bargain for the
1 r U '" PRICE $6650.
An elepant. new house on Webster St.; 7
rooms and bath, large reception hall, hardwood
inlaid floor, two china closets; fine ln every
way must be peen to be appreciated.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO..
652 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
LOOK»THESE UP.
For*«ale — Two flats ln elegant location; fine
Income property; a genuine bargain; also lot
In Mountain View Cemetery. 122 square feet
ctring; perpetual care. Address box 1402. Call
office. Oakland. y>
OAnACT PURBITIJEE fOB JA1B.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth et..cor.Rtore. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS FOB HOTJSEKEEPXiro.
ALASKA, 27 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, or single.
BRYANT. 421 — One large room for house-
keeping: gas. _^ !
BUSH. 811 — Furnished room 'for single gen-
tleman.
EDDY. 739 — Well furnished rooms, 2, 3 or 4;
gas ranees, baths, yard, etc
EDDY. S04 — Housekeeping rooms; first floor;
front rooms; light and sunny. j
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny rooms with .board;
home cooking; front hskpg suite; phcne.bath.
GEARY, 1225 — Completely furnished sunny
puite for housekeeping; gas ran&e; private
bath; marine view; rent $20. Tel. Hyde 1505.
HOWARD, 822 — 2 suites housekeeping rooms;
also Firi-'c. j
HOWARD.* 2381 — 2 sunny well furnished
rooms; $10 or $11; adults.
JESSIE. 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms;
gas and coal range; $15 month; others.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished, housekeeping, $3 75 week; others.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Suncy furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA, 150", corner Geary— Elegant sunny
rooms; bath; phone; new; reasonable.
LARKIN, S04 — Sunny back room for 1 or 2
gentlemen ; $0. per month.
LARKIN. 8191J — Large, sunny housekeeping
rcom; gas stove; private; $12 month.
LEAVENWORTH. COG, nr. Geary — Two pleas-
ant sunny housekeeping rooms. £
MAYBELLE, 2C2 Grove, corner. Van Ness —
Sunny fur. 3-room Van Ness suite; gas, bath'
MCALLISTER. 1211 — Front room, bay-window;
privilege light housekeeping; $12.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 966. or call 117 Sutter st.
OAK. 42. near Market— rFuifiiahed aunny double
parlors; kitchen privilege^ if desired; also
single rooms.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
$12*: gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — Newly furnished; $4 per month to
right party; quiet, clean and bath.
PINE. 1909 — Suite of two rooms, $23 50 per
month; adults; strictly first-class. --.< '
POLK 605— Parlor alcove suites; small kitch-
en; sunny: bath, gas stove; phone; $18. $20.
POST. 1037 — Newly furnished, rooms, $S up;
also housekeeping room, $10; gas, bath, phone.
SACRAMENTO. 3019 — Elegant parlor suite and
kitchen; new carpets; will furnish if wanted;
also single room, bath and phone; cheap.
SANCHEZ. 609. cor. 18th— Bay-window sitting
room, alcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable.
STEVENSON. 7S6. oft Oth — Sunny bay-window
front parjors, dining room, kitchen; reas.
VAN NESS ave.. 706— Two large, sunny, con-
necting rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping. $20; one very large room, house-
keeping) $14.
VAN NESS ave.. 1103. cor. Geary, phone Hyde
1646 — 2 beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations; reasonable
WALLER, 71—2 sunny housekpg. rooms; fur-
nished complete;, $16; new house; grand view.
• AFABTMEHT HOXTSES.
HAYES, 115 — Modern apartments; gas range,
4 running water and phone.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfur. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Para, and tTnfttrnv
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth «t. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 tp $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night,
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Filth. Et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 &U night;
11 M to $10 week: house open all night. \u25a0
BELMOND House, over Owl drug rtore. 2 en-
trances, 112G Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running , water ln every room; \u25a0 200
roomz: 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BRYANT, 2517 — Large, sunny, furnished front
room.
ELLIS. 1 126 • (Royal House)— Incandescent
light*, reading-room, smoking-room and la-
dles' . parlor; rooms per night 35c to $1 CO;
week, $2 to' $8; month. $S to 530; elevator;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
FOLSOM, 643 — Front and back parlor; fur-
nished suitably for two or three. -
FURNISHED . rooms . to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 99C or call 117 Sutter st.
GrfAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wic.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny, front
suite; also single rooms; yj to Ss week.
HAYES, « 136, cor. Van Ness — Sunny bedroom;
suitable for gent; JU.
Er AL ESTAT^^O^raTJB*^*!^?*^
- qrHJTE ft hxyleY.
Successors to
W J WHITE. _
CHICKEN RAN* iin.S KVKRYWHKr.E.
; EXCHANGES. „„._.
$10 p*T ew— 1700 acre*, t^norna C.unvV.
r..osi-y loUlnjr. line alluvl.,1 sett: £**£*
Ptcaeh j.rut.f«. B ceres walnuts a^d a?!''".
Mnejsrd; »e!l fenced and crois-fenced: fcor-
ral*: fin- AwcUtacS R°°d barns: paeans "ovef.
Oryinp riant: 4U cattle. 0 horses -JO hog*.
Him and fpring wa;on«. harness, tools, barlt
BOO. coa $1000; took ?7000 off place last sea-
* Offer parted— Vineyard, rear St. Helena:
."£! ecrrs; I1O in ben v.ine grapes: vines 4 to
10 >mr» old; 3-story etone winery. •""\u25a0'""VJV'l*.
r.rl. Iu!iy equlrp*-d with coorw-rage for lCd.cw
ral!cn« iiri modern machinery: piped watfr
tvFt«m from cement reservoirs: S-room hou>e:
»urnm*r cottace. barns, etc.; all land til'ab.e: j
wagon, horr.es tools, including maturing crop ,
of 2V0 tor.s or grapes, worth $5C©0; flO.OOU
carl;, balance on easy terms.
*3u00— In Manteca alfalfa district; CO acrrs
*aniy lotrn on main irrigation canal; •*> acre?
crand etand alfalfa produced C tons an acre_.
!> acres Irutt and gray**; brick residence. 1
rooms; new barn: windmill and tank; 1 mue
ul «reamtry and railroad station.
$3500—5 mile* of Santa Ro?a and near sta-
tion: RUbi-ian Ttiver bottom; 25 acres: 5 acres
\inejard: new buildinss; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; pood bam; wicdmill 8T)d tank; I*"" fry
liouree; e ee this, and if you want only partlor
It m-ill tell unimproved portion at f 100 per
acre; if you »ant to rai*<! corn that will mane
thv Kar.tac article "side yUl>" see uonie of our
home* on the Russian River.
fOr,00— 17 acre, in Green Valley, near Se-
kattopol. 4-room house, barn: sprlns water.
»*vcral acres berries; S1C0O can remain.
Thirteen acre* rich valley land near Sono-
ma City; 9 acres fine crapes. 15 years old.
be'.anc* i«cr» and assorted fruits; this sea-
ten's crcp et*y »700; no buildtnes; forced
Mle: elnir'y make s.n offer.
J15C*»— All level 10 acres, 2 miles
tcpa; 6ir.»:i crchsrd: good house and tarn; .
veils; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
KP0 P*r acre — One mile of Modesto: 5 acres
miles cf Modesto; 20 acres
VP VM pe* E acre— Near Lcdl. en the •Woodbridr*
FDTE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a laree list of completely eqnlppea
teMa tn the best section of Humboldt Co.;
20 acres up. _
t'JLOQ— line rummer resort In Sonoma Co..
rrare rtatlon and P. O. on place: 141 acres
controllics 1000-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard; l-.ay land; good bouse and 4 coitare*.
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses;
farn-.ing Implements; sec this qulcl:.
fSSO— S miles cf OejWttH*; 2Vj acres; «-
room house large barn. 2 good wells: rolling;,
011 in vineyard; oak trees: fine poultry farm.
fUJOO — Only .'( miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
Llatk loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
roaJhoufe.
$'Jo<XI — Close to Ca'dstoKa. 90 acres: 45 level
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
ftneed; plenty fine water: fine prune orchard;
pood house, barn ur.d outbuildings. "We have
a larce li^t of desirable homes in this locality.
L<t us drive you around.
I-''M» — North or Watsonvllle: 65 acres, 8 acres.
full bearing apples: 9 in grain: fine berry patch:
40 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room house;
larpe barn and granary; water piped to build-
inns. We have a choice selection of fruit and
grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity See a few.
$£5i»0— Rich alluvial valley land, rear Buena
ViFta nation: 15 acres ln full bewrlng orchard
and vineyard; modern "-room house: new eta-
ble. windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm-
ing tools; hcrse; 750 chicken*; 2 cows; fully
equirped for poultry: or.ly 52000 down.
5>i 'M beys 8!) acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
bottom; house barn: orchard, vines, berries.
$1500 — 4 acres rich Russian River bottom
o »R.nd; half mile of Geyserville. Sonoma Co.;
t-hade tree*; r.ouse. barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 tmall orchards and vineyards
to offtr in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil Is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are j:ractiral!y unknown.
J2I-00 — At Hopland; 42 acre6; 7 bearing vine,
yard; S hay and garden land; 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, too'.s; 100 laying bens;
half cash.
JlTOo — Only 9 miles of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town: 24 acres rolling land; 10 acres
beerir!? prunes and cherries; good 5-roora cot-
tage: etable, poultry houses; 3 summer houses
for summer boarders; rdnnlng water; close to
echool. See this quick.
0 $4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; .\u25a0-: acree; 12 in full bearing orchard In
f.nr condition: balance gently sloping fine hay
land; fine creek: 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
100m cottape; good stable; fine income. We
have a choice list of small horoe« in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around
and shew them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms. m
$15.<i00 — 74 acref. about 30 Russian River
bottom land; 32 acres fine searing vineyard;
IC-ioom house: gas ln every room; 2 barns;
brick storehouse: cement reservoir; large win-
ery and distillery; half m^e of town; would
eub-divide: fine Investment.
$2850 — 2 "a acres in Petaluma; all bearing;
fruit: new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
C-fuot basement; barn, horses and buggy; 0
poultry houses; brooder and brooder bouses,
uindini'.l and tank; water piped over place;
too!?; 000 chickens: photos here.
$2950 — 34 acres near Watsonville: 200 apples;
C acres Sae potatoes; 2 acres timber: balance
grain : 5-room cottape; barn, outbuilding*.
$1WX> — Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam;
all level: orchard; cozy cottage, cement cellar-
barn, windmill and tank; 3 poultry houses; feed I
room; 240 her.s. We handle all the choicest
» property in this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around.
$1200— 10 acres in vine and fruTt belt, near
Lo"ii: sandy Jpam; 5-room house and barn.
J"5OO — Near Santa Cruz, 60 acres rich aJ-
luvial soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apple*- 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, barn.
S20GO— Near Santa Cruz. 12 acres; 2 la fruit-
house. 5 room*; barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
eified printed Hrt on the coaFt.
WHITE & BAYLET.
• . Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery et.. room 8.
' Property Exchanges a Specialty.
CATTLi: ranch. I7S0 acres. Sonoma County
lying wrrt of Ekaggs Springs; Gualala River
tuns through ranch: fine feed ecatterin*.
UmbT and tanbark plentiful; numerous
t-prings; 8 acres lr. fruit; 40 In grain; house*
t-arn. corrals, chicken houses, etc.- grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; SCOO acres
fenced: rrice of the 1730 acres deeded land.
H2.0U0. D. M. HANLON. IK) Crocker bldg.
O PRICE $2000.
A eplendid bargain in Irvlngtcn. Cal.- one
acre of lend, covered with frnit and nut
trees in full bearing; an S-room house barn.
windmill and tank. •
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO..
952 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMEEEEKERS!
Fend postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. SL WOOSTER CO
MS Market et.
J32OO— 10-ACRE prune orchard; house with
6 rooms: barn, windmill, tank; improvements
worth *1000. Inquire of L. F. B. FORE-
WORTHY. Union ave.. Campbell. CaL
2o ACRES; 6-room house: barn, windmill; !m-
plemenu: near creamery and school; Irriga-
tion ditch through place. E. LEONARD.
I^athrot) Cal.
__JAHJlAtXO SEAL ESTATE.
OAKS ~ OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS GOING FAST OAKS
OAKS 545.000 OAKS
OAKS worth of loU OAKS
OAKS . sold the OAKS
OAKS < flrst OAKS
OAKS week OAKS
OAKS in the OAKS
OAKS HAYWARD TRACT OAKS
OAKS AT BAN MATEO OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAK* OAKS
OAKS CHOICE LOTS OAKS
OAKS with majestic oaks OAKS
OAKS still for sale. « OAKS
OAKS See this property OAKS
OAKS &t once. OAKS
OAKS Prices, $300 to $1500. OAKS
OAKS TERMS. OAKS
OAKS tots 50x121 feet each. OAKS
OAKS Prices are very likely OAKS
OAKS to be raised soon. OAKS
OAKS BALDWIN & HOWELL. OAKS
OAKS 25 rost st. OAKS
OAKS Frank S. Grummon. OAKS
OAKS Agent at Baa Mateo. OAKH
OA £S OAKS
OAKS OAKS
LOMITA PARK — On line of Ean Mateo elec-
tric cars; 43 minutes from Sth and Market
etc.: outride the fog belt and just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay chore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
cow being offered; 50-foot lots from $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; eewer and water pipes In
front cf every lot; pure artesian well water;
helf the lots ln subdivision No. 1 were aold
• )a two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to ecmre a lot ln this desirable section en
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent en appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main C73. 116 California st.
BEAt ESTATE TOJICHAKC2.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE~~ "
160-ACHE fruit ranch at PortfrvMe. In full
bearlnc; mostly prunes, some peaches. 16 acres
jtlfalfa, splendid buildinss, all necessary fruit
houses, drier and trays, ln fact fully equipped
lor h*nd]!nr the crop: price $30,000; win nell
on eary terms or exchange for erood property
la Kan Francisco or Oakland; good reasons (or
telling.
J. H. EDSON. Bole Agent.
14 and 15 Bacon block.
Oakland. Cal -
KEAX ESTATE WAffTEP. ••
WANTED— Vacant lot cr house and lot • with
i»»sre {or term of years, for Dlant nursery.
CaU or address F. A. MILLER, 215 Hayes.
Bredehoft. father of Myrtle Bredehoft.
brother of Chris Bredehoft, and nephew of
Martin* Beverson. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 34 years 11 months and 1 7 days.
ETFriends nnd acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Thursday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of Mlanto-
nomah Tribo No. 9, Imp. O. R. N. I»ter^
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BREMER — In this city, September ' 26, 1904,
William H., beloved husband of Amelia
Bremer, and beloved father of Milton 1 and
Helen Bremer, a native of Germany, aged
(52 years and 4 months.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are reepeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), -at 12:45 p. m., at his
late residence, 1307 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by special
train laving Third and Townsend streets at
2 p. m. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
BUNKER — In Providence R. I., September 18.
1U04, Paul Bunker of Alameda, Cal.. be-
loved father of. Mrs. Carrie R. Avery, a na-
tive of Nantucket. Mass, aged 73 years.
ETFuneral , services will be held to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., at his late resi-
dence, 2021 San Antonio avenue, Alameda.
Interment private.
CROWLEY— In this city. Beptember 2*. 1904,
George M. Crowley, beloved son of Bar-
tholma and Mary Crowley, and brother of
William B. and J. H. Crowley. l%s. James
Sheridan and Mrs. J Heron, a native of
Calaveras County; Cal., aged 33 years. A
member of San Francisco Aerie No. 6, F.
O. E. *
ICrFriends and ' acquaintances are I respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, under the -auspices of San Francisco
Aerie No. 5, F. O. E. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
EASTWOOD— In Monterey, Cal., September 26,
19Q4, Mary H.. beloved wife of Joseph East-
wood, and mother of i Mary C, Alice and
Joseph Eastwood, a native of England, aged
40 years 7 months and 24 days.
ICThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Thursday), at 10 a. m*. from the
' funeral parlors of Bunker &. Lunt, 2666 Mls-
Eton street (Mission Masonic Temple), be-
tween Twenty- second and Twenty-third. In-
terment private. \
GOLDSTEIN— In Hanford, Cal., September 2fl,
1904/ Maurice Goldstein, a native of New-
ark, N. J. , aged 60 years.
HAAR— In Cazadero, Cal., September 27, 1904,
Anna, beloved wife - of Hermann Haar of
Oakland, Cal. ,
CTNotice* of funeral hereafter.
HOLLINGS— In this' city. September 27. 1904,
Nicholas, dearly beloved brother of Meta and
Dledrick Hollings of San Francisco and Luer
and Martin Holllngs of Germany, a native
" of Germany, aged 50 years 2 months and 15
days.
ITVFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 p. m,. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by special car on 3:30
p. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
HYNES— In this city, September 27. 1904,
Lloyd A., dearly beloved son of M. J. Hynes,
and brother of Stewart and Ruth Hynes, a
native of California, aged 11 years 3 months
and V2 days.
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from 39 Guerrero
street. . Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
JOHNSON— In this city, September *6, 1904,
Gertrude Johnson, dearly beloved daughter
of Mary Johnson and the late Nels Johnson,
and sister of Edna and Emily Johnson, a na-
tive of Sacramento, Cal., aged 7 years 1
month and 2$ days.
CTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to I attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock from the resi-
•dence of her mother, 353 Edinburgh street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LAWS— In Santa Rosa, September 26, 1904,
Mrs. Celestlne Mary Laws, beloved wife of
Rowland Dudley Laws, daughter of Anto-
nio and Mary Cella Gatto, and sister of Mrs.
Louis Casassa and Joe and John Gatto, a
native of California, aged 20 years 1 month
and 19 days.
LEONARD — In this city. September 26, 1904,
Gertrude Irene, beloved daughter of Mathew
A. and Mary E. Leonard, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 20 years 3 months and 5
days.
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Wednesday), at 1 :30 p. m., from the resi-
denco of her parents, 2934 Twenty-second
street. Interment private, by electric funeral
car from Eighthteenth' and Guerrero streets
at 2:30 o'clock. > :
McCAULEY— In this city, September 27. 1904,
' -John, relict of the late Mary McCauley, a
native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
C7NotIce of: funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors 'of j; C. O'Connor &' Co., 767
Mission street.
MEINKE— In this city. September 27, 1904.
Margareta, dearly beloved *wife of John
Meinke, devoted mother of Mrs. Lizzie Zwlck,
and grandmother of Willie, Lizzie, Annie,
Margaret, Rudie, Gladys and the late An-
tone and Emile Zwlck, a native of Germany,
aged U6 years 1 month and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., from her late resl-
. dence. b'2'2 Hampshire street, between Twen-
. tieth and Twenty-first. ' Interment Cypress
, Lawn Cemetery.
MORAN— In the City and County Hospital,
' Beptember 27, 15)04, James Moran, a native of
New York, aged 09 years. \u25a0~\/
NICHOLSON— In this city, September 26. 1904,
Parker Nicholson, a native of Ireland, aged
CO. years and 10 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness ave-
nue. thence to St. Mary's Church (Paullst),
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. . .
O'KEEFE— In this city, - September 27, 1904,
at her residence, 215 Twelfth street, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John O'Keefe, and
j idolized mother of Thomas B., Mary and
\u25a0 Nellie O'Keefe, a native of County Louth,
•Ireland, ased til years. ;
EyNotice of funeral hereafter. '.<--,
O'LEARY— In this city, September 27. 1904,
Patrick, beloved husband of j Johanna
O'Leary, loving father of John J., James P.,
f Thomas C, Mary E. and Nora O'Leary, and
brother of Mrs. Johanna Wahl, Mrs. Mary
Hunter of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Thomas
O'Leary of Boston, Mass., a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 53 years. (New York
and Boston papers please copy.)
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S::i0 a. in., from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph' s Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
rep6se of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OENHAUSEN— In this city, . September 27,
1904, Modesto Oenhausen, befoved wife of the
late George Oenhauecn, and mother of Al-
fred, Benard and Lizzie Oenhausen and Mrs.
M. Burns, a native of France,
POWERS— In this city, September 27, 1004,
James, beloved son - of Mr. and Mrs. John
Powers, a native of Waterford, Ireland, aged
44 years. , \u25a0
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 0:30 a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his eoul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAULET — In this city, September 25, 1904,
Charles, beloved husband of Mrs. Rosalie
Kaulet, and father of Agnes, Charles, Leonie,
Harry and Paul Raulet, a native of France
aged 48 years and 4 months.
' ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 810 Van Ness avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
' des Victoires, where >a requiem high mass"
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. *
RODGERS— In this city, September 27/ 1904,
\u25a0 Mary E., dearly beloved wife of Frederick
Rodgers, mother of Mrs. Maggie : Foppiano,
and sister of Mrs. Rosa Neary, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 40 years i! months and
21 days. \u25a0 .
ROHDENBURG— In the City and County Hos-
pital, September 27. 1004. Nicholas Rohden-
burg, a native of Germany, aged 44 'years.
SCHMIDT— In this * city, September 27, 1904,
' Phillip J., beloved husband of- Roslne
Schmidt, son of Sophie and the late Joseph
Schmidt, and brother of , Ben J. and M. \u25a0 J .
Schmidt of San Francisco and Mrs. M. Na-
than of Susanville,. CaU, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 3 months and 21
days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. .
SCHRAM— In this city, September 27, 1904;
\u25a0 : f Mrs. Hannah Schram, beloved sister of Mrs.
' E. Madden, a native of Ireland, aged 04
> years 9 months and 15 days.
K?"Friends and . acquaintances are • respect-'
fully invited to attend 1 the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S :30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 28a Hickory avenue, thence to
Sacred Heart \u25a0 Church, .- where : a solemn -re-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to" Flannasan &' Gallagher;.
• - DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND KMUALMERS.
20 Fifth st., .opposite Lincoln School,'
Telephone South SO.
UNITED U^ERTAKBRS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalm ers— —^~
Formerly ln Metropolitan Temple. '
. NOW at 8K6 MISSION.- Tel : South -167."
Between-Fourthand!Flfth,-near, Fifth st.
Finest ; Equipments at ' Moderate Rarca. \u25a0, /-
qiilem high masa will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, confmenclng at » o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BELENGER— In this city, September 27,' 1904.
Harry Selenger, beloved busband of Maggie
Belenger, and - son of Lawrence and Mary
Selenger, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
38 jears.
CC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the mortu-
ary chapel . of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to St. Francis Church,
Where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 8
o'clock, thence to electric car. Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Interment Holy Cros»
Cemetery. \
STENMARK— In this city, Beptember 28, 1904.
Ida, beloved 'daughter of Lara and Anna C.
Stenmark, and sister of John O. and Nina
Stenmark, Mrs. B* Erlckson, Mrs. M. Nord-
berg and Mrs. George Ueacock, a native of
Skellef to, Sweden, . aged 23 years 2 months
and 2 days. .. - \u25a0
E7Frlends and* acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 a. ra., from the parljrs
of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkln street*.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TEIGELER— In San Jose, Cal., September 27,
1904, Caroline, beloved mother of Minnie,
Annie, John, Conrad and Henry Telgeler, and |
Mrs. Hensley and Mre. Pauls, aged 68 year a
and IS Jays.
THOMSEN— In Alameda, Cal., September 27,
1904. Anna D., daughter of Johanna and the
late Christian Thomsen. and sister of Hulda
Thomsen, a native of Ban Francisco.
ETFuneral private.
UHL— In Jacksonville, Fla.. Beptember 20.
1904. George, beloved husband of Marie Uhl,
father of Adolph and George Uhl, and son
of Mrs. Margaretta 6chw«rdt. a native of
Cincinnati. Ohiak aged 58 years. A mem-
ber of Southern California Lodge No. 278,
F. and A. M.
tCTThe funeral services will be held Thurs-
day. September 20, at 2 p. m., at the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets. Oakland, by Oakland Lodge
No. 188, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. _ ,
VAN VRANKEN— In Oakland, Cal., September
26, 1904, Cornelius D. Van Vranken, a na-
tive of New York, aged 81 years and 5
months. . ,
C7"Funeral services Friday, September 30,
at 2 p. m., at Oakland Crematory. Private.
WETTIG— In ! this city. September 27, 1904,
Minna, beloved mother of Ernest A., Helen,
Anna and August Wettig, a native of Ger-
many, aged T7 years 7 months and 29 days.
C7Friends I and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 12:45 p. m., at her
late residence, 1236 Eddy street," between
Laguna and Buchanan. Interment Cypress
. Lawn Cemetery.
WILSON— In Oakland. Cal.. September 26,
1904. Dr. Melvin M., beloved husband of
Emily O. Wilson, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 72 years 2 months and 20 days.There is some activity In new -Walnuts, and
Almonds rule firm at the high prices. Fruit*,
as already mentioned, have generally passed
l u }j>, ot sr owerB ', hands, and the dealers are
holding them with firmness. Prunes continue
dull, but there seems to be more strength de
veloping, especially m the larger «lz«s.
Peaches ar« about the firmest article on the
list. Figs are easy at th« decline already
noted. There Is nothing . new. in the Raisin
situation. Honey is quiet, the recent decline
ln asking prices having stimulated th« demand
for a few Uaya only. California Chestnuts are
in. selling at 20c per lb.
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, 7%©9%e for
Royals and ft® 12c for Moeroarlu; Nectarine*
5%©7c; Peaches, 6%6S%o per Ib; Pears 7©
12c; Plums, pitted. 6g6%c for black, 8®8%c
for red and f«S%c for yellow;. Figs, S-crowa
bricks. .. 60c; 3 - crown, v 55c; 4-crown 60c- 6
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%@3c- black ilic
Evaporated Apples. 5%®7c per lb. \ *
PRUNES— l%£l*ic per lb for the four sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honex.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— Cash quotations were
as follows : Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 18; No. 3, $1 05<gl 15; No. 2 red, $1 11%@
1 13%: No. 2 com, ft2v4®53c; No. 2 yellow,
64%654%c; No. 2 oats, 30%c; No. 2 white.
.3z%c;No. 8 white. 30@32c; No. 2 rye, 73c;
1 good •; feeding barley, 35@40c; fair to choice
malting,. 46@49c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 09; No. 1
-.Northwestern, $1 16%: prime timothy seed,
'\u25a0%•! SO; mess pork, per bbl, $11 70@ll 80; lard,
"per-100. lbs, # $7 60; short ribs sides (loose).
?7 75®8; short clear sides (boxed), $8 5O®
8 75; whisky, basis of high wines, $126%;
; clover, contract grade, $12 15.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,500 18,900
Wheat, bushels ....... 128,000 111,400
Corn, bushels ....880,600 403,000
Oats, bushels ...• 278,400 106,400
Rye, bushels 20,000 14,600
Barley, bushels :......' 178,200 \u25a0 43.200
Butter Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO,- Sept. 27.— On the Produce Ex
chanre to-day i the \u25a0 butter market was firm
creameries, 14@20c; dairies. 13@17e; cheese,
firm, 8%@9%c; eggs, steady; firsts. 18c; prime.
20c. : , . :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . "
Continued on Pace Twefrvx
! Meat Market.
! Everything on the list Is In good supply and
: quotations show no material change. Th* mar
\u25a0 ket is featureless.
; DRESSED MEATS.
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
: are as f6Uows :
; BEEF— 5% dj 7c for Steers and 4®5c per 10
for Cow*.
VEAL — Large. 7®Sc ; small 8JJ9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes. 8$j7o
LAMB— &g9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6@Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
i The following quotations are fo r good sottnd
} Livestock delivered in San Francisco lesa 5i>
! per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7>,4a7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%66%c; thin Cows. 4*g5c per Ib
CALVES — 4§4%c per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethera. 3}i®;s?»c; Ewes G#at;o
- per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 5(k62 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lb«. 4%c:
20O to 250 lbs. 4%c; 13O lbs »nd under 4W-
over 250 lbs. 4ijc; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
, and Stags, 40 per cent off from above qcota-
I tions. -;;•'_ .-,..
General Merchandise.
\u25a0 BAGS^ — Grain Bags, $3<g3 23; San Quentin.
$4 5«): Wool Bags. SOSKc; Fleece Twin* 7»ic;
Fruit Bags. 6Vi@7!sc for white and To for
brown Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— Following are price* for
the 1904 pack :
f *2 » %
'\u25a0 * I 3 * *
FRUITS. - S- S -
/ . 2 I .r i
? i I : : :
Apples $1 53 $1 S0;$l 20'$! 10
Apricots j 1 23! 1 13 1 0.1
Blackberries '. 1 C0| 1 .Tij. 1 Jjr.} 1 ir,
Cherries Royal Anne... 2 10! 1 S»of I 63! 1 35
Do. White..... _ COj 1 >0 I £o|..,..
Do. Black 1 «V I «.'.; 1 501 1 .To
Grapes. Muscat I 1 1T3! 1 io| X «*\u2666( SM»
Nectarines ( I 50: 1 2-V t I3|.l «."»
I Peaches. Yellow I 75; 1 a.-.! 1 23 ; 1 13
I Pears, Bartlett .' I fM>! 1 flfti 1 4Of
riums. Green Gage 1 33| 1 10| 1 ©Of 90
Do. Egg 1 S3 1 10; 1 Onj :>•>
Do, Golden Drop .... 1 35 1 10 1 0Oj 9<>
Do. Damson I *t I I." 1 05L1 <*>
Raspberries 2 50| 2 23) -j (*> I 90
Strawberries- ..." 2 00; 1 73; 1 60| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes 2%-lt>
standards. 65(370c; gallon standards *$2u5;9
2 10; 3-lb solid pack S7%$9uc; Green Pea.*—
Baby petits poir $1 50; petits pols. $1 35: ex
tra sifted. $1 15: standard sifted. $1; stand
ards. 83c; Marrowfats. 82 4c; gallon rifted.
$4 £i; gallon standard. $3 78 f. o. b. San Fran
cisco' . \u25a0
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wei-
Urgton, $S; Seattle. $S 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 60: Roslyn. $7; Coo» Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. $7 5O; Cumberland %XS in
bulk and $14 23 ln sa^ks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $1;,';
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannel $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk and $15 ln sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions $3 50 per short
ton,
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb.
4%c; cases, regular. $5 33; case*, extra large.
6%c; Eastern style. 6%c: boneless. «V,c;
"Norway," 6Vic; "Narrow Gauge." «%c- "Sil
ver King," 7%c; block*. "Oriental/' «%c;
blocks. "Seabright." 7c; tablets, TUc; mid
dles. 7@9%c; fancy boneless. 9>4&9%c: pickled
Cod bbls. $8; pickled Cod. half bbls. 14 73.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as fol
lows. 60 days or % per cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14 %c; Sisal
10»ic; Duplex. 9Uc; Bal« Rone. ll^SU-^c
per lb. \u25a0 ,
COFFEE— Corta Rica— Nominal ; 14©15%c
• for strictly prime to fancy washed: 12%tj;i:t».»c
! for prime washed; ll^Ql-'Uc for good washed 1 ;
ill 'i'fMac for good to prime washed pea berry;
10@llc for arood to prime peaberry; ll©12'-io
. for good to prime: 9«10ijc for fair; 7%@S*io
I for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13® He for fancy washed, nominal:
12@12%c for strictly prime washed: 10%9
ll%c for good to prime washed; D^GlOHc for
fair washed; 10#ll%c for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: 10«@10%c for good to- prime semi
washed; 9%910V«o for superior unwashed; 9%o
for good green unwashed; »%<@10c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; 6@8c for Inferior
to ordinary.
Nlcarague — Nominal: ll%Q15%c for prims
to fancy washed: 9«4«10%c for fair to. strictly
good washed: •s%£*%e for good to superior
unwashed; 9%®10c for good to prime unwash
ed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13?; a 13c for fancy
washed nominal: il s i®13Vic for prime to
strictly prime washed; ll#ll%c for strictly
I rood washed; lQ%<glO%c for good washed; 914
f ?M0%c for fair washed; 8Vi§9c for medium;
J 6@Sc for inferior to ordinary; 10%4911%c for
I good to prime washed peaberry: 8%01Oe for
I good to prim* unwashed peaberry; 8&O10&O
> for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy, 29031e: extra
heavy. 31ft33c per lb; medium, 23029c;
light. 22®_7c: Rough Leather. 2iQ28c:
Harness Leather, heavy. 2S339o for No. 1 and
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates; Seedless
C3<5S5c: Toka- 35@»0c; Muscat. 20075c- Isa
bella. 50075c: Black. 25C73c. . Large' open
boxes. 60c@$l 25: Wine Grapes. $18023 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50©3 50 per
box for Valenrla8; Lemons. $2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 75^2 25 for choice and $1 2501 50
for Standard: Grape .Fruit. $2 50©3; Mexican
Limes.- $4 r>oi?75 per case: Bananas $1 254S**
per bunch for Central American , and 75cJ»
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, |3©4 50 per
dozen.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 p«r crate- Nut
meg Melons. S0@50c per box; Watermelons $1
©a per dozen.
FIGS — Nominal.
Receipts of table Grape* in small packages
were heavy and consisted chiefly of poor and
wet stock; which dragged badly at Irregular
prices. Good dry stock was eagerly sought
after, being wanted for shipment on the Pu*et
Sound steamer, and such offerings readily
brought firmer prices, fine Tokay telling up to
»Oc and Muscat and Bleck at 75c per orate.
Prices for the general run of offerings range*]
from 20c to 00c per crate and there was a
heavy surplus still unsold at the close. Wine
Grapes were steady for good stock, but dealers
were cutting prices on wet lots. Prices of
Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes declined
sharply. There were over 1200 packages re
ceived and the demand was- limited. The Ap
ple market was In good «hape. as trashy stock
was pretty well cleaned up and the better
grades were in good request. Most dealers
quoted $1 25 a* the top for the general market,
but occasional sales of Spttzenbergs and
Gravenstelns were reported at $1 60. Other
tree fruits were in ample supply and prices
stood as previously quoted. Receipts -of Ber
rie* were light and included some wet stock,
which had to be sold at low prices. There
was nothing new to report ln Citrus and Tropi
cal fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $fi@7 per chest
RASPBERRIES— $4g8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S«9c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2 50^': per box for Coo*
Bay and $8 25©S 60 for Cape Cod.
APPLES — $1@1 25 per box for fancy 65A
OOc for choice; and 25^50c for common *
PEARS— Rartletts. $1 2581 50 per box- Win.
ter Nellis, $1@1 25; other winter varieties 33
©75c. ' ;'.-- l
PEACHES — Small boxed, 40@75c; open boxes
50c@$l.
PLUMS— 50c©$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — ICgCOc for small and $1
©1 60 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25<ft50c per box.
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
# \u25a0 —
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was J .4c higher.
LOC*L.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $* 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 M>u
Sterling Exchange, cables — *Km
New York Exchange, sight — J» •-
~New York Exchange, telegraphic. — O.%
Silver, per ounce — 58 -»
Mexican Dollars i — **>
t INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico W 2^,,
Berlin on London X-^r 3
Paris on London •• — """• -o.lSVa
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Rates are now about
as established by the shipowners' combine sev
eral months ago. viz.: 23s Od for Barley and
22s 6d for Wheat — with some ships being
taken for Barley^ but none for Wheat from thl*
port, owing to the high local price of Wheat,
which prohibits exportation. Ships for Wheat
are being taken at the combination rate of
27s 6d from Portland, however. The chartered
Wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage
of 37 900, against 43,350 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 87.2ttO tons, against
02 390* on the way to this port. 214,800 tons,
against 287,500.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were weaker.
Chicago was l%c higher. Minneapolis
wired: "There Is the finest kind of a cash de
mand- here to-day. John Waahburn of the
Wae=hburn-Crosby- Company, just home from
Europe talks bullish on the foreign situation
as to Wheat. He says Europe is short and
with any. reduction In the yield in Argentina
it will have to buy United States Wheat, re
gardless of price. He also says the Continent
Buffered greatly from drought and reports of
reduced production are not exaggerated."
\u25a0The Chicago Inter Ocean says: "'Pacific
Coast Wheat is likely to revolutionize the
Wheat trade ot the country,' said one of the
largest cash handlers. 'We have "been buying
there two months, and others have followed.
For years Eastern millers have refused to have
anything to do with the North Pacific Coaa.t
Wheat, but of late they have been using it
with great success as a blend and are getting
good results. So long as it can be obtained
at reasonable figures it will be extensively
used.' ••
In this market futures were easy and quiet,
following Chicago. The cash grain wai in bet
ter demand, but sellers were unable to get
'higher prices. .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 50; California White
Australian. $1 5.".@l 62%; Northern Club, $1 40
@1 60; Northern Bluestem. $1 57%@1 62% per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 51% $1 51% $1 51% $1 01%
May 1 62% 1 52% 1 62% 1'52%
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 61%,
BARLEY — Futures were firm, but not mate
rially changed. Cash Feed was easier, and
$1 11% was about the best figure obtainable,
while the demand was not as good as It was
last week.
Another vessel has been taken for Barley,
making four or five now loading this grain
here.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07%<91 llU: new Brewing and
Shjpplng. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%©
" y P<Sr ' FUTURES.
/ Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 13% $1 13% $1 12% $1 13
2 p. rn. Session.
December — $1 12%. —
OATS — There Is nothing new to report. The
market is well supplied with Red and Black,
which are meeting with a good averaga de
mand. There are very few White offering and
no Gray at all to speak of. Receipts continue
ample for all ordinary needs.
White. $1 37V«rl 65: Surprise. $1 50@l 60;
Red. $1 22%<8>1 42%' for feed_and $1 40@l 50
for seed; Black. $1 30@l 33 fdPfeed and $1 60
©1 70 for ««ed./,
CORN — Receipts of Western have again tem
porarily ceased, and those from State sources
are light. The market, however. Is reported
quiet and featureless at unchanged prices.
Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow. $1 43
for White and $1 40®l 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 4C@1 45; small round
do $1 55®1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian,
fl 35@1 45 for White and $1 25®1 30 for
Tli nnrn J 1 1 ii^j((BCTgpir'nT"i7i1jtliiili^M 1 i| ) ijji.iVi
RYE— There is a moderate demand and the
market is steadily hold at $1 35® 1 40 per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 2S@Ct)c
for extras and 2C@27c for firsts: dairy. 21©
2ic: cold storage 24c; store Butter, 17<S20c -
Eastern creamery. 21%fr2:k;; Eastern ladle
packed. 16^17c per lb; Utah squares. 26c
CHEESE— 9®10c for choice mild new and
8@8%c for lower grades: Young American.
10%eilc; Oregon. 8®9%c; Eastern. 10<815c
per ib.
EGGS — Ranch. 3P@40c for large white se
lected. .*57%©3$c for choice and 33<g36c for
common: cold storage. 27%<@30c; store nom
inal; . Eastern. 25«2Sc for firsts 21©23c for
seconds and 20@21c for bakers'.'
Butter is apparently on the verge of a de
cline. Some houses, in fact, are already quot
ing lower, and one house announces that it
will to-day send out cards offering the best
creamery at 27c. Trade is dull and there is
plenty of stocl: on thc market.
Some dealers are reporting more tone to
Cheese and the market no longer shows the
demoralization that characterized It a little
while ago.
Fresh Eggs continue dull and there is a dis
position among some bouses to concede a cent
to large buyers to move the goods. Thus far,
however, quotations show no change.
Receipts were 32.600 lbs Butter 582 cases
Eggs and 2500 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— At the opening the
wheat market showed signs of weakness, the
December delivery being %c lower to %c
hi cher at $1 10% to $1 10%. May was un
changed to %c lower at $1 11% to $1 11%.
The main factor affecting the situation at the
start was a decline in foreign wheat markets.
A number of traders who had sold short on
the sharp decline of yesterday purchased free
ly early in the day. - There was also consid
erable buying on predictions ot wet weather
in the Northwest. However, the most notice
able feature of trading and the one that seem
ingly had the greatest influence ln creating
a strong undertone was heavy purchases of
May by a leader of the bull crowd. After
December has sold at $1 10 V* prices gradually
anvauced. Slight recessions were made on
profit taking, but the general trend of values
was toward a higher level. Sentiment during
the latter part 01 the session was quite bull
ish. Primary receipts were much smaller
than the corresponding day a year ago and
a report was received from Minneapolis stat
ing that country offerings were decreasing.
Advices from abroad prophecy a big reduction
in wheat shipments from Australia and Ar
sentina in the near future, the claim being
made that the exportable surplus from those
countries was practically exhausted. Higher
urices for cash wheat In all markets of the
United States was an important aid in buoy
ing up speculative prices here. The high point
on- December was reached at $1 12%. May
sold up to $1 13%. Although all the advance
was nof maintained, the. market closed strong,
with December up at *1 12% and May l%c
higher at $1 13%.
Sentiment Jn the corn pit was inclined to
beaxishness, but the strength of wheat pre
vented any decline. Trading was rather in
active and fluctuations were within \u25a0 a narrow
ran?e. ' December closed at 00% C a gain
of %c. j ' -
Announcement of a big Increase in the
world's visible supply caused an easier tone
in oats.' December closed Vic lower at 30%c.
Provisions were steady - on a good demand
from pit traders. Small receipts of hogs and
firm prices at the years were the supporting
features. At the close^ January pork was
off 5c. lard wa» up 2%c-and ribs were un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
September, old. 1 12H 1 13% 1 12tf 1 13%
September, new 1 08% 1 10% 1 08% 1 10%
\u25a0December 1 10% • 1 12% 1 10V4 1 12
May. 111% 113% 1,11% 1 13&
Corn, No. 2—
September . 52% 52^ 52% 02%
December 50% 60% 50 6O%
May V 4S% 49 48% 48
Oats, No. 2 — • \u25a0 ;
September 29% 30 20% 29%
December 20% 30% 30% 30%
May 33% 33% 32% 32%
Mesa Pork, per bW —
October 11 62% 11 83 11 57% 11 62%
January 13 32% 13 40 33 30 13 30
Lard, per 100 Ibs^ —
October 7 40 7 45 7 37% 7 42%
January 7 47% 7 50 7 42%. 7 47%
October ....... 7 82% 7 82% 7 72% 7 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 93 0 05 6 87% 6 92%
Future Grain and Provisions.
The Poultry market was liberally stocked
and trade was rather quiet, as most retailers
were well supplied and were purchasing but
little. Ducks and large chickens were firmly
held, and as offerings were light higher prices
were readily obtained when sales were made.
Turkeys were In increased supply and rather
weak. Two cars of Western Poultry .were
marketed, making four for the wtelc.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. M©15c per
lb for Gobblers and 15016c for Heiu; young
Turkeys. 20«322c per lb; Geese, per pair. <1 50
©1 75; Goslings, $1 7562: Ducks. $4 SO*?5 per
dozen for old and $H@ij for young; Hens, $4 5O
Cf5 for small and $5 5uti6 for for large; young
Roosters $5@6; old Rooster* $4 50@5; Fryers.
$4554 50;' Broilers. $2 50@.1 50; Pigeons. $1 23
per dozen for old and $1 50^2 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, $1 per dozen; Hare,
$1 25i@l 50 per dozen: Rabbits. $2 per dozen
for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Poultrv and Game.
Chicago Board of. Trade. |
%; _ HH **
NEW YORK. Sept. 27. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
streito show the following changes ln avail
able supply as compared with last account: *
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, increase. $2.45S,(KX) bushels.
Afloat for and in Europe, increa-ie COO.000
bushels. Total supply, increase 3,058,000.
CORN — United "States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase 641,000 bu»hel9.
OATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase 2,390»000 bushels. ~ ,<
Available Grain Supply.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — Money on call, firm,
I^sfe- per cent; closing bid and offered, 1% per
cent. Tim* loans, slightly easier; sixty and
ninety days, o'ijSJi par cent; eix months,
3*,fc4 per cent.
iTime mercantile paper— 4%@{> per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
j in bankers' bills at $4.:w$064.&5£>5 for demand
and at $4.bU55S4.83C5 for sixty day bills;
posted rates, $4 (s4!g4 S4% and $4 oti'/.'gi 87.
Commercial bills — $4 W^g4 (&%. %
Bar silver — 55 He.
Mexican dollars — 16c.
Government bonds, irregular; railroad bonds,
{ firm.
Ne?v York Stock Market.
j NEW YORK. Sept. 27.— Another day of
I broad and active demand for stocks was ex-
I perienced at the Stock Exchange, lifting still
further the average level of prices. The move
ment showed some variety and irregularity,
the upward movement being decidedly uneven
and im«nsp«£rsedwith occasional small reactions.
The selling- was of a character which made its
impression on sentiment and was called
"\u25a0good," which in Stock Exchange parlance
means that it appears to com* from sources
presumably well informed either on the inside
1 news regaiding properties, on the plans of cam
j i>aign of large speculative operators or for some
1 similar reason qualified to Judge wisely of
outlook for values in the market. But* this
selling, however well informed and impres
sive, was well absorbed, and was not allowed
seriously to affect the tendency of prices.
Union Pacific and United States Steel preferred
were conspicuously strong and active and two
stocks so representative of general conditions
I and dependent upon so widespread interest*
I necessarily had & large influence in determln
1 ing the general tone of the market by the sym-
I pathy their strength exerted. Advocates of
I higher prices also enjoyed another day of
I almost complete immunity of disturbing fac
tors in the day's news. Weather was favor
able for ripening the fast-maturing crops and
the weekly bulletin of the Weather Bureau
contained much to reassure the apprehensive
over both the corn and cotton crops. The
repetition of the low corn crop estimate by
President Hill of the Great Northern and
Northern Securities seemed to be ignored and
a sharp advance in Northern Securities on
the curb on buying said to be for London ac
count was one of the features of the day.
The buying of United States Steel preferred
was accompanied by the publication of esti
mates of th-a earnings of the corporation for
the current quarter, showing a sutflcient mar
gin to provide for the preferred stock. These
estimates were without any official or desig
nated authority. There were some rather
conspicuous exceptions to the general ad
vancing- tendency % made the more so by the
notable strength which has characterized them
lately. Atchlson was a marked example, its
movement being narrow throughout. The
stated need for additional capital ln the an
nual r*Dort came ln for much discussion. The
August statement of net earnings was disap
pointing. On the other hand the August
statement of the Chesapeake and Ohio, the
Central of Georgia and ths St. Louis-South
western were considered highly satisfactory,
and t*»e less satisfactory showing by the Cen
tral of New Jersey did not depress that stock.
The railroads continued to report Increased
gross ea mines for the third week in Septem
ber. Rumors of a strong forthcoming state
ment of August net earnings by the Pennsyl
vania also figured in the day's market. Cot
ton Oil suffered from intimations that the com
mon dividend would be passed. There were
reactions running to a point ln some of the
leader* before the day ended, and the closing
was heavy. Sterling exchange advanced, al
though the prospect is for easier money ln
London and cotton bills are quite plentiful in
the exchange market. London also bought
stocks freely on balance here tOrday. Money
was distinctly easier ln the market, ln spile of
the continued heavy outflow to the country. The
strength of sterling Is believed to be due. to
a demand on account of the maturing ninety
Jay Ic-ann, against whiih exchange hills were
80IJ at the time they were made.
Bond* were firm. Total sales, par value,
$3.X&).00Q.
United States 3s advanced •• and the new
4s declined H wr cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 4dO California street,
San Francisco, members of the ' New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales, j Etocks— |Hlgh|Low.l Bid. Ask.
(Adams Express |. ,230 235
8,600 AmaiK Cepper... GS^I 68 5S>i 5a^4
Am Can Oo 5% I C^i
i Do pfd 46 4«%
M0,Am Car & F Co. 24 23^,1 23% 23%
2<*>i Do pfd 81% blfc 81& 82
4,100 Am Cotton Oil.. «2% M^l 30& 30W
100 Do pfd 91 91 80 93
Am Dlst Tel 23 25
Am Ex 205 210
Am Grass T Co 6 6V.
Um Hide & L 4% 5
...... Do pfd lou, 20%
700^ Ice 7% 7% 7 7U
4/00| Do pfd 20% 3oy 4 3O?4 30{4
]Am Linseed 12 I4it
1 Do pfd 31- S5 ' 3
l.NJV Am Locomotive. 2««4 i«Ji uu'i
600 Do pfd 06' 90 95ii 90U
100 Am Malt 4 4 4" r2
IX> pfd 19 20"
3.500 Am 6 & R Co.. 67^ 67 07U C78i
1.100 Do pfd 10tt»i K/9V4 100H 100'i
2U.O0O Am Sugar 13S 132 132*4 132^4
600 Do pfd 134 133% 134 136
Am Tel & T Co 140 141
Am Tob pfd U4 144"U
Am Woolen 13ft 14%
Do pfd 8iu 82V.
SCO Anaconda 85 I 94 02 j si::
, Ann Arbor 1 30 31
Do pfd 60 uj
28,£00 A T & 8 F 84 63% t>3% 83U
9,100i Do pfd 101% 100% 100% 10l'
17,100JBalt & Ohio... oUvi f&% »9% S9-%
I Do pfd 94 9414
21.600BRT 50H M 55% 56
Brook Un Gas 218 218U
Brans D A 1 7U 7%
Butterick CO 48 49U
Canada Southern 68% 69
6,400 Canadian Pacific 129% 12S»i 129^4 129%
2.7O0C & O 43 42% 42% 42%
200C & A 40H 4OV4 39% 40»i
; Do pfd ..... 78 81
C & E I pfd 128 140
C I & L pfd 30 S5
1.200C & G W vf 17 16% 16% +.-A
100 Do pfd A.:.. 54i; 5414 62% 55
] Do pfd B . 24 27H
I Do debs.. 82% 82%
2.300C & N W ...... 188% 187% 188 180
16.OO0C M & St P.... 159% 158V4 158% 158%
300 Do pfd 185 a85 18«. .....
25,100 C R I & P (new) 28% 28% Ss&l 28%
4,000 Do pfd ...... 70% 72 72 72%
:. Do 4s 76^ 76%
300Chl Term 6% 6% 6%| 6«
Do pfd !.. 15% 16
1.000 Chicago Ua Tract 7% 7% 7% 8
Do pfd ; 36 40
100CC Cft 8t L.. 80% 80% 70% 80%
....... Do pfd .......;;....... 109 110
NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — Influenced by the
sharp advance' in London, where spot tin
closed at £127 17s 6d and futures at JE12S 2s
Gd, the local tin market was firmer and
closed at $27 $7 Vs'js although the demand
continued moderate.
Copper was a shade higher in the LonBon
market, where it closed at £5S 2s (5d for both
spot and futures. Locally the market was
unchanged with lake quoted ,at $12 75®13;
electrolytic at $12 75©12 87%, and casting at
$12 50@12 62%.
Lead was unchanged at $4 2004 30 in the
local market, and at £11. 17s 4d in London.
Spelter also was unchanged In both market.*,
London closing at £22 7b 6d and New York
at .55 10@5 12.
Iron closed at 50s 3d in Glasgow and at 43s
7d in Middlesboro.
Locally iron was practically unchanged.
Nerv York Metal Market.
Potatoes were firmer, a* receipts were light I
and in addition to the regular local demand j
there was some little inquiry Tor shipment to
the Southwest. Receipts will doubtless be
heavier from now on. as digging has been re
sumed in the river districts. Onions were
steady* and some holders were asking higher
prices, but no sales were reported above $1 20
per ctl.
Receipts of miscellaneous vegetables contin
ued light and there was firmness in all de
scriptions. Some wet lots of Tomatoes were
received and were sold at 25c per box, but
the bulk of the receipts were readily disposed
of at the quotations.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 63®
SOo per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 lO-Sl 40 per
ctl; Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 73<9
85c: Sweet Potatoes. $1®1 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— Sl<Sl 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c@$l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans. 2}i@4c
per lb; Lima Beans. 3®4c per lb; Tomatoes, 40
(ftfoc per box; Summer Squash, t».V<? T5c per box;
Cabbage. 75c per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 4(>i£50c per box: Pickle Cucum
bers, ,"ivfj.$l 25 per box; Garlic. 4 l 3 c per lb:
Egg Plant, 4C 1 33Oc per box; Dried Peppers,
nominal; Green Okra. 4OgW)c per box; Green
Peppers, 3Ci@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$15 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EASTEEX XAEICETS. |
Socks end Cotton.
Wire* from N«w York to EL F. Kutton 4k
Da. yesterday said:
STOCKS — "The fact of Mr. Harriznan calling
\u25a0v tte dCfl* of J. P. Morgan to-day, coupled
*Ita th« strength in JCorthara Securities Com
»•«.=>• stock. i*ti« to tht Le'.lef In rood Quar
ters that arrangements to make disburs«-
E.ent» on the •©eurtty are well under way.
This «v an Influencing factor on sentiment
in t-e street and caused not only short cov
•rtiuo but rood buying, a scarcity of cood
•nocks was notlcabl* at Intervals during the
session, which indicate* that the accumulation
fcj the b:g Interests Is still in progress and
very favorable events that will be forthcom
ing in the next elr months will compel invest
ors and Fpteulators to come into the market
stt a nmcta h!ch«r ItvtL It caa only be said
that the market mutt respond to this situa
tion the oorr.lt* year and that great prosperity
ehould be witnessed. It seems that the vast
p.» • r.s of completing the community of inter- i
•et of railroads which was beg-ua In 1901 Is
now well under way. This accounts la a '
measure for the eearcity of corn rail- ''
mad t-tocks. Perfect fcarmeny la the band- ]
ling of tonnage by the transportation com- I
j aniee in the future- cannot b« overestimated !
f.t retards net returns and Increased dlvi- I
«Jfnds will be In order as a result "
COTTON— "Li verrool opened this morning
with sales of 4000 bale* and prices easier at
2*.' tmfatM dedtr.e. Futures opened steady 2
to 4 points down and at the time of our
epenini? were 9 to 12 points lower. Their mar
ket ««» Influenced by heavy receipts, amount
ing to MOO bales to-day, which had a heavy
•\u25a0Sect upen their market, especially on Sep
tember. The stannary of the weekly Gov
ernment report, issued at noon to-day, was
ebout as expected. Our market opened at
.W to 15 points decline, Vs> believe that we
shall experience come lightning changes in '
the market by the market leaders In the near
Suture.
"The news as to th« taonthly Government
report due next Monday, October 3. seems
very much mixed. Some say It will enow a
loss in condition from last month of from
2 to 4 points, while others look for « to 8
points decline and still others sa- it will
eliow a condition »f «8 to 7» against 84.4 last
month. :
• The' Weather and Crops. \
The weekly report of A. O. McAdie, section
director at the climate and croD service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
" I GENERAL. EfMMABT.
Nearly normal weather conditions prevailed
> et the beginning of the week, followed by fre
quent thunderstorms and phenomenally heavy
rainfall ia the central and northern sections
and Jifchfto heavy rala in the south. In San
Francisco and vicinity the precipitation for
the_ Ftorm up to this fMonday) morning was
8.0" inches and It was equally heavy in many
ef the northern districts. The September
records for rainfall have been broken in nearly
all parts of the State. Heavy snow fell in the
fcijrh Sierra durinjr the storm.
( drapes on the vines were undoubtedly seri
susly injured. A good portion of the first crop
Bad been gathered before the storm, but the
heavy second crop was mostly on the vines.
Raisins and drying fruits wer» amply pro
tected hy tlratly warnings, but there has prob
stMy been fone injury to these croc*. To
5 matoeF. beans, cram in eacks and baled hay
\u25a0w«>re also consid»^rably damaged. Only a
rmall pr>rtion of the southern bean crop had
been thrashfd and the remainder must have
bren «uite eeriously injured. Hops were prac
tically all harvested and under co\-er. Almond
harvest is romaleted. The raisin crop in
Southern California was not injured by rain
«nd curing is progressing rapidly. Walnuts
continue in rair condition, but the crop will
be lifbt. citrus fruits are in excellent condi
tion except la portions of the south, where
* lflrht crop is probable.
Th" poll U well saturated In the central
\u25a0rd northern sections and plowing and seed-
Ing V-m commence at once. Dry feed was
ruined by the rain, but new feed will prob
ably etart uo coon.
EACRAMEMTO VALLET.
. Cool, cloudy wpather prevailed most of the
»-aek, with thunderstorms and abnormally
hfa-.-y rainfall during the latter part. The
precipitation for the storm averacpd fully 3 I
Jnch»>e in the valleys and probably over 5
inches in the rx>thi!l<i and mountain's There
\u25a0uiu- a heavy fall -if tnow in the high Sierra.
Although smple ti-arnings were given the rain
caused considerable damage to fruit and rais
ins on trays, grapes on the vines, unpro
tected grain and hay and practically ruined
dry feed. The first crop of grapes was nearly
cJI gathered before the storm, but the second
was seriously injured. Almond harvest is
completed. The rain has saturated the soil
and plowing and seeding will commence at
ence. Greea. feed will probably make a tood
\u25a0tut.
COAST AXD BAT SECTIONS,
j Warm, clear weather prevailed at the be-
of the week, followed by high winds.
tthucderftorms and heavy rain. The predpita-
Plon ranged from 1 to 6 inches and was heav
fert in the central end northern district*.
f^-her* all previous September records were
broken, jAt San Francisoo the rainfall for
the stona was 6.0" leches and nearly equal
amounts fel! in all the Immediate vicinity.
wape« on vines, tomatoes, drying fruits.
bt^zir. unprotected grain in recks and baled
nay were considerably damaged and dry feed
was ruined. Hops *nd beans were nearly all
Jitrveated before th» rain, but a portion of the
oean crop was unthrashed and received some
damage The soil is thoroughly caturated in
mott places and plowing will commence soon.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
The first tart of the week was clear *ad
favorable for fruit Crying and raisia making
jfid the latter part cloudy with heavy rains
<nd numerous thunderstorms. Good progress
»' mi^" Rl * <se ln dr y ln * Pmaes and raisins
jal . "»« wet weather began. Great damage
M bwi done to grapes on the vines, beans.
jty not under cover and unthranhed wheat
,-Td barlej-. Drying fruit and raisin, on the
•»a>i and stacked or covered, were probably '
luared to some extent, but this cannot be
until later. Dr>- feed was greatly
. amaged and ecless there is favorable weather
for the growth of new feed stock will s^Ferf
. .:nely warning of the approach of the storm
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Slightly cooler and partly cloudy weather
prevailed during the week, with beav£ rim
b fcant* Barbara and Ventura counti«
Meat Khowers in other sections. It is reoort^d
that over e ; x Inches of rain fell In Sanu^Bar
bara and victory during the storm? tat the
rrecipitatio.n was much lighter at Santa
%i l \ v Were con «»de»»bJy damaged, as
°r Jy t *^ sms - n V** l ct *»»« crop had been
thrashed. No material damage was done^S
other sections, a, timely warnings were given
KalEin xnaking i, progressing and shipping has
commenced Mount^n apples are plentiful.
Oranges will be a lighter crop than last sea-
A°n a ahel» C 7 pUm " = « has commenced Jt
Los Anreles Summary.— Heavy rain In the
northern section seriously damaged beans-
Blackeyes did not Buffer as much as Lima*
••* they are nearly all harvested. Llmas are
cut but still ln the field. Rain light inTouth!
Z»r£Sga£L \u25a0"«\u25a0«• eff^ ««pt to
ESurek* Bemmarjr.— Weather generally cloudy.
but little wmrmer. with some fog. Continued
hot and dry weather in the interior. Picking
apples in full progress. Rain on 22d and 23d
greatly benefited grass on the ranges.
"This is the first year hops have been sold
without being seen or without samples being
asked for. A large purchase was made a tavr
days ago while the hops were still in the
cooler, and before they were even cured. Only
about 2700 bales of Sonomaa still remain un
sold. In the Russian River section, compris
ing the counties of Lake and Meudocino, only
1000 balea remain in the hands of the grow
ers. Sacramento up to Saturday night reported
everything K>ld but .WOO bales so there ar«
now lees than 7C00 bales altogether remaining
in the hands of the California growers."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* se'l
about %»Slc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c: light. SU a o; C >w
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light:
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip 9%c; Salted Veal M»c;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 23c*
40c each; short Wool, 40<8&5c each; medium,
75^00c; long Wool. $l»l 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium.
$1 25@1 73 for small and 30c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1Q1 25 for small and 50c for Colta.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 23c; dry Central American. oOc. Goat
Skins — Pri»ne Angoras. 75c: extra large do.
$1 25; lar^e. 5Oc; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease 2U@3c."
WOOL— Fall clip-^-San Joaquln and South
ern. 9©llc; Southern. Mi'Oc: Southern Mcun
tain. 9911c; Middle Counties, free. 12itJ14e:
do. defective. 10©12c; Northern free. 12-314c;
do. defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Men in
cino. 14:315c per lb
HOPS— 1904 crop" 23Q28e per Vb
The Hop market continues in good shape all
over the world, and the buying alt over this
coast is brisk. Most of the crop has already
passed out of growers" hands, as already men
tioned. A laU press dispatch from Santa Ro*a
says: "Never nefore has such interest been
manifested in the local hop market this early
ln the season as is the case at the present
time.
Wool continues In brisk demand, the frv*
and defective grades both moving oft very well.
Prices show no change, but the market Is very
firm and in excellent condition for sellers. !
Hides are moving off very well at steady
and unchanged prices, and there is no accu
mulation of stock.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
As mentioned yesterday, quotations for Beans 1
are at present wholly nominal, as there is no '
business pending .the receipt of more definite
information regarding the damage by the re- 1
cent rains. Current reports are very conflict- j
Ing. There is nothing new in Seed*.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15@2 50: Pea. $2 75£3;
Butters. $2 75©3; small White. $2 3062 90:
large White. $2 15®2 40; Pink, $2 25®2 90;
Red. $:; 75©4: Lima. $3 70@4; Red Kidneys,
$4©i 2u: Blackeyes, $2 25©2 40 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 S5@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard $3 25; Flax. $1 90@2 23: Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15c; Rape, 1%@2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%63%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Ntles $2®2 25; new Green
Peas, $2g2 25 per ctl.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 5% 7 7%
Closing 7 5% 7 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 60 24 85
Closing 23 65 25 CO
- Flour —
Opening 31 10 32 50
Closing J. 31 50 32 65
'Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Sept. 27.— Large and small mills
have been buying wool during the past week.
The market continues strong, with a buoyant
movement under way. A feature of the trad
ing has been the satisfactory demand for
worsteds. All grades of wool are selling well.
Quotations:
Territory — Idaho, fine, 18@18%c: heavy fine,
15£rl6c; fine medium. 18%c; medium, 19®20c;
low medium, 21ti?22c.
Wyoming— Fin*. 16®17c; heavy fine, 15® 16c;
fine medium. 17%@18c; medium, 20@21c; low
medium, 22@23c.
Utah and Nevada fine, 17®17%c; fine, 15@
16%c: fine medium. 17%®18c; medium, 20@21c;
low medium. 21@22c
Montana — Fine choice. 20@21c: fine average,
19@20c; fine medium choice, 203j21c: average,
10©20c; staples, 22®23c; average, 21@22c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 27. — WOOL— Steady to
firm: medium grades, combing and clothing,
| 20i?2Cc; light fine. 16<g20c; heavy fine, 12@16c;
1 tub-washed, 22#35c.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, Sept. 27. — The offerings at the
wool auction to-day amounted to 8701 bales.
1 Fine combing good, easy, and first half-breds
! generally were in Btronsr demand. A good
1 supply of sllpes met with a brisk demand.
Coarse croae-breds sold readily to home buyer*
at unchanged rates^ " .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND Sept. 27. — WHEAT — For ex
! port: Walla Walla, S0@81%c; bluestem, 85c:
1 valley. 86c.
! WHEAT— For Eastern market: Walla Wal-
I la, 84c; bluestem. 87c.
WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA. Sept. 27.— WHEAT— One cent
higher for club at S2c; bluestem, unchanged
' at SCc- _____ —
! Northern -Business.
! SEATTLE. Sept. 27. — Clearings, $1,009,731;
balances. $206,602. - . A
I TACOMA. Sept. 27. — Clearings, $4V>,150;
balances. MO.236. ; -
PORTLAND. Sept 27.— Clearings, $095,898;
balances. ?13»,««. '' ' . 4 . an^
SPOKANE. Sept. 27.— Clearings. $446,2oO:
balances, $57,SOO.
* : *
Beans and Seeds.
I Miscellaneous Markets.- 1
The market* continue mor» or teas quiet
everywhere. Prices here show no chanse.
Brokers* wires from Chicago yesterday said:
"There was some improvement early, but
enough profit-taking to lose it later. Receipts*
of hogs were light, but the primary receipts
were about the same as last year. The dis
tributive demand Is good. We see nothing yet
to discourage holders of provisions." I
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %e per lb for
heavy. ll%c for light medium. 14c for light.
14%c 'for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c: Bellies. 12c;
Eastern augar-cured Hams, 14c; - Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c: Mess B<*ef. $10©10 30 per
bbl; extra Mess. $11611 50; Family. $12@l:i U\
prime Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $24:
Mesa, $13; Dry Salted Pork. 10% c: Pl< Pork.
$2tt; Pigs" Feet. $3; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at tf%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure: half- barrels,
pure. 9%c; 10-lb tins 10!«c; S-lb tins. 10%c;
3-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S*4.c: thr?«
half bbls. 8%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8c; five, tierces. 7%c per lb.
provisions.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet and rather easy in tone with de
mand limited to immediate needs. Common,
4@>5c; prime, 5!-i@'5%c; choice, 5%@6c; fancy,
6@7c.
PRUNES — Still dragging, but the tone seems
a little steadier, although prices are not quot
ably higher. They range from 2c to 5c. ac
cording to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in light ' supply and are
held firm. Choice. 9%£10c; extra choice, 10%
@10%c; fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES — Scarce and firm, with choice
held at 8%<S8%c; extra choice, 8%<39c; fancy,
9%@10c.
BUTTER — Firm. Street , price extra cream
ery, 20%€21c; official price. Western factory,
common" to choice. ll%^14c. ; '
CHEESE— Strong.
DRIED FRUITS. ,
WHEAT— Receipts. 72.000- bushels. . Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, $1 16U f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. $1 23% f- o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal. Options opened easy
under foreljrn selling and weak cables, later
rallied and In the afternoon turned very strong
on light southwest sales. The close was strong,
%& to'lHc net higher. May $112, closed
»1 14%; September, $1 14%@1 16%, closed
$1 16%; December. $1 13%@1 15%. closed
HOPS— Firm. % '
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE^ — Futures closed steady, unchanged
to 5 Doints lower. Sales were reoorted- of
41.750 bags, including September. 6.80c; Oc
tober, 6.75c; December, 6.96c; March, 7.25c;
May. 7.4O@7.45; July, 7.60c. Spot Rlo, steady;
No. 7 invoice, 8%c: mild, steady.
' SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 8%o; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined, firm. • \u25a0
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,500 barrels; exports, 12,600. Market firmly
held with business light. t
Neut York Grain and Produce.
Quotations for Wheat Hay have a very wide
range. While the average sales are from *11
to $13, off grades are going below and extra
choice above these figures. Dealers say that extra
choice Wheat sells readily as high aa,$14 50.
and an occasional car brings even $15. but
•uch Hay Is only occasionally seen. Hence It
Is not quoted. The range in all Hay quota
tions from now on will probably continue wide,
as the rain has stained and otherwise damaged
a good. deal, which will have to be sold com
paratively low when It comes in. Quotations
for other kinds show some changes.
Bran and other Feedstuffs rule steadier, ow
ing to the damage to the dry Feed by the
rains, though quotations stand as before.
BRAN — *20@21 per ton. . ..,.i
MIDDLINGS— $24@2S per ton.
SHORTS— »20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50©24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50^32 50:
Jobbing. »33; Cocoanut Cake, $22®23; Corn ;
Meal. *30 50@31 30: Cracked Corn. $31 ©32;
Mixed Feed, $22@22 50; Horse Beans. $3(.*§ U) \
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. \u25a0
HAY— Wheat. $9©13 50. with $14914 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. ?8®13; Oat. $5® 12:
Barley and Oat $8®11; Volunteer Wild Oat.
$6 50@9: stable*. $7©8 60: stock, $5 30@7;
Clo\-er SSJIO; Alfalfa, $9®12 per ton.
STRAW— C5@50c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuifs.
Wall sired stocks firm on the day. Cotton lower.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange rates about the same. ;
Cash Wheat in good demand at firm prices.
Another ship taken for Barley loading ut this port.
Oats, Corn and Rye in fair demand and steady. * • , '
Fair az'crage demand for Flour and Millsf tiffs.
Hay showing a zt-ider range, with choice grades firm.
Bran and other Feedstutfs firm, owing to the rains.
Beans still nominal, with trade suspended*
Potatoes firmer, with some shipping demand for the Southwest.
Onions cn\d Vegetables firm, with few changes.
Poultry in liberal supply and quiet.
Grafes and Berries now coming in wet.
Butter weak and dull, with dealers cutting trkes.
Eggs dull and easy. Cheese steadier.
Dried Fruits, Raisins and Honey quiet.
Nuts firm and selling well. ' Chestnuts appeared.
Nothing new in Local or Western Provision markets.
Hides, Hops and Wool in brisk demand and firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in good supply and unchanged.
Weather Bureau reports damage to Beans, Grapes and dry feed.
Futures closed steady ; at the decline. . Sep
tember, 10.40c: October, 10.37c; November.
10.39c; December, 10.44c; January, 10.45c;
February. 10.49c; March, 10.63c; April, 10.54c;
May, 10.56c.
Spot closed quiet, ten points decline; middling:
Uplands. 10.90c; middling gulf, 11.15c; sales,
70 bales.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27. — Cotton futures
opened weak; September, t 10.65c; October,
10.50c; December, 10.52c; January, 10.53c;
March, 10.61c; April, 10.62c; May, 10.65c;
June, 10.68c.
Cleve Lor & W. 62 70
Do pfd g2
600 Colo Fuel & I.. 85*4 34tf 84% '35* .
pfd eo 75
Colum H C & I i«t4 13
1.400 Colorado So. ... 20 ioii 1044 in 7'
.}<* £>*?*« ••• 81*4 51% «o8 «l(4
H°° Do 2d P" •••\u25a0 27% 20 26»4 26%
2,100 Coneol Gas 206« °03« 205« •HM
1.300 Con Tob pfd.... 125 124% 1*4* m%
300 Do pfd 7014 eay 70 7ou
1.300Del\Hudson...& 4 iWHm 167*
:...!?iJ?_rt«B-" 888 i i*
1> ioon e HS}J? a Ry - "* ®" »* 70
\u25a02O0 Detroit So 4 4- gtt iu
Do pfd 7 71?
••;•••• Diamond Match 130 135
4.100 Distill Seour 30% 80 30U 30*4
DIs Secur bond 731! 73%
DuluthSS&A. ...... 8. 8il
Do pfd log/ 10
24,900 Erie 31 v. 'sl'tl a?»J q?u
i'2£ £ if PM ::: <** ™* «% **
..••.^e^t^".::::.^. 16 . \u25a0 g* jg*
Do pfd . ' 7B 85
100FtW&DC...... 60H 60H 47 61
« Gen Chemical 48 53
Do pfd 94 ' '97
1,100 Gen Electric 173 171 U 171% 173
'NV^S 1 ** 1 £° pfd 175 178
1,600 Green Cons Cop... 18 17% 18 18V4
Havana Tob Co 27 28>4
Do pfd i 39 4i_
700|Hock Valley, .... 80% 80 80H 81
, 5?® T1 ,P° , P f <* »0 89% 89% 90
'SSil Unols Cen • • • • 139^ 138% 138% 139
600 Inter Paper .... 17% 17 17 mi
-•J. P° P fd • 75V4 75%
. 100 Inter Power ... 41% -41*4 4114 41 li
, 400! Inter Pump .... 32 32 32 35
j Do pfd . 7714 79
1.5001 Do pfd 47% 46*i 40% 47%
Kanawha &Mich 32*4 34%
700lK C Ft S&M pfd 77% 77% 77% 78
Kans City So 24«4 25
Do pfd 4 q' 47
Keokuk A Des M 15% 13% 14 16
La »f e E & West. ;. 31% 33
1 Do PW 87% 100
Long Island 57 k«U
1# 2S2H % N 125W 124^ 124 % 125
400 Manhattan ..... 155 154% 164 155
Man Beach 10 13
23,100 Metro Secur 81% 7G54 &0K 8f»t4
2 I'^ etr V st Ry . ••' 120^ "» ™ *2og
man & St L 55 57%
Do 1st pfd 05 OS
WOMStP&S-SM. 77^ 76" 76% 77
1 D< W Pfd *+\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 133^ 1321^ 13; *% 134
S s^i M Do K p a f n d & .. T ! x : Si 4 2 |t* If* »«*
. 2 - 200Xa^ ona f 1 (i Le » d • ;»« 23% 2414 24?4
!!i!!:: Nat r p r of iiex. ::::: •;\u25a0;• |o% liU
Do pfd 39" 40
90aNational Biscuit. 49 48% 49 49%
« Y C & St L 29 31*1
Do 1st pfd .....105 110
Do 2d pfd (55 «fiii
N Y N H & H.. .. 19? i5S2
20,800 N Y O & W.... 36H ScU 35«' mst!
1.400 Nor & West W* *63% cl' 4 WU
Do pfd ' I 90 91
iA^S° rt J? Amer »can. 95% 95%l 95% 91
lO.OOOjNorth Secur .... 1OC% 105%ilC«% l(w%
Om £ ha ,.,- • »0 150
°o Pfd is5
j O S L4s 00% 90*'
.... 1 . 00p^o flc i s t Co p a fd t .:: M 3g 0^ m
Do 2d pfd 7314 ts
400 Paemc Mail .... 34 33% 34 34 U
R R Co. . . . 132% 132 * m 132%
-\~00 Peoples Gas .... 102^ 102 102% 102%
Pere Marquctte 75™ o 0
ip c c & st l.. ..;:. ;;;;; n . ...
I Do pfd ifu iAA"
l,800|Pre SS Steel Car. :«% "33" 33 33>i
100! Do pfd so NO 79 80
lOOiPullman Car Co. 21S 21S "16 •»"0
R: ?->f te t\ Spa Co - 24V * 24^' 235* "2.1%
J00 Do pfd .... 79Ti 7U"i.i 70U «O
55.300 1 Reading '<** 68% WU «TW
Do 1st pfd ... 85% 85 s 4 r| gsg
00 2(1 pfd ••• "7 7« 7tt 77
1,700 Republic S & I.. 9 $11 9 0 «
700 Do pfd 45 44% 45 45%
4*501 Do pfd S3 83 K.1 futi
lOOiRuthland pfd .. 32% 32U 38 «'*
OoO;Sloss S S & I Co. 41 4014 40 41
Do pfd 80 87
iSt J & G I \u25a0 15 i 7
I Do 1st pfd ' 44 4 a
Do 2d pfd I" 24 20
St US F in pfd .: 71 74%
2S| S o"fh pf P d acV fl v:: 4^ PI P 5 1
Do pfd U4 H4U
11,700 South Railway.. :i3% :u 39*4 •{•»»?
300 Do pfd 03 00% 02% 03'
Standard Oil 84^ (US
2t«tStand R & T.... 2 1%^ \u25a0>
2,0uojTenn C & I.... 48« 47% 47% 43
|Tex PacLT Co. . . ... .? .. 30 VI
• iTnird Avenue 12 r iW; i*>fii>
100|Tol Ry & T Co.. 23% 23% 24%
200JTo^St^L& W.. 3l % n.% 31% 31%
700 Twin City'R '"f! ! 98^ 98 9si; 98%
Union B & P 7 .v g
Do pfd 631Z 64
8,800 Union Pacific ..10214 101 102% 10"%
300 Do pfd 93 03 02% 93%
U P Conv 4s loot? 3 ot>U
United Copper 10 12
L'n Rde of S F.. ioii I4f.
I do pfd ....; 5 5 5«%
Do 4a 84^4 «s •
100 US Cast I P.... 10% 10% 10% fl
Do pfd r>6 5fl^
tl S Express 115 ion
?'?^ U r? Lc » thel "-" 10% 9% d% 10
1,100 Do pfd SS 87% 87% SS
HOO U S Rubber .... 20VJ 19% 20 20U
Do pfd 74 75
34,900 U S Steel Cor... 1S% 17% 17% 17K
92.300 Do pfd 70% 69* 70»i 70%
1.200 Va-Car Chcm Co :;.'% 34% nja! 3514
2.*™ Do pfd 10S% 1077- 10si? itffi
fiOOWabaslj 21% 21 "nit, -o
2,100 Do pfd 42% 42 41% 42
::::::: ™.V*r^; ::::: M &£ isi
400 Western Union . 4)0% <MK 00?i !M>i4
3,800 WestinKhouse .. lCO 154' 166%|lti7
~ Do 1st pfd isr>.
100 W & L E 18 |18 17\ *]'s"
400 Do 1st rfd.... 45% I 45% 45W 4«
T>o 2d pffl 1 124% •>-»%
8.000;Wlseon*ln Cent.. 21«4| 20%f a**" "»
1.300! Do pM 46«| 45% | 45% 45%
NEWJORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. rej.<TlO4% L & N uniHed 4s. 100%
Do coupon 105>4 Msn con gold 4a.. 106%
Do 3*. Tfg 105% Mexican Cen 4s.. 67%
Do coupon 105%| Do 1st lnc 15%
Do new 4s. reg. 131%l Minn A St L 4s.. DSU
Do coupon 131% Mo. Kan&Tcx 4g.l00
Do old 4s. rfK..10«% Do 2ds. SO
Do coupon 105%! Ntl R Mex con 4s 77
Atchlson gen 4s.. 103% N Y Cen gen 3%s.l00%
Do adj 4s 90 N J Cen gen Bs..lM%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9SW Northern Pac 4s 104T4
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 3s....? 74x4
Do S%« 94% >T & tV con 4s.. "10"%
Central of Ga 6s.lll!i OSL 4s and partIe.-9»K
Do 1st lnc FS'i Pcnn conv 3%s... 9!>%
Ches & Ohio 4%s,103«4 Reading . gen' 4b.. 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80%'stL & IM con 5a. 117%
CB&Q new 4s.. 96% HtL & SF fg 4s.. 80&
C.M&StP gen 4s. 109 St L SW lsU.... 89W
C & N W con 7e. 129 Seaboard A L 4s S->il
C. R I&P R R. 4s. 76% Southern Pac 4s. 94
Do col 8s 87% Southern Ry 5s... 116U
CCC&StLgen 4s. 101% Tex & Pac lsts..lir»s?
Chi Terminal 4s.. 75 T. St L & W 4s 80
Con Tobacco 4s.. 75% I Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
Colo & South 4s. 8(? ! Do con 4s...... lOOi;
C F & I con Cs. 7.".%|TT S Steel 2d 5s.. S2«
Den & Rio G 4s.. 100% Wabash lsts 117?^
Erie prior Hen 4s 9!>*K| Do deb B " eAi;
Do gen 4s 87%| Wheel & L E 4s 90
Ft W & D C Bts. 109% I Wisconsin Cen 4a' 91
Hockln»Val 4%«.10SH: .
. NEW YORK MINING 8TOCKS.
Adams Con 20[ Little Chief .. .. 05
.Alice / 35| Ontario 3 50
Breece ISlOphir ........ "•» *>o
Brunswick Con.... 08| Phoenix ; * 15
Comstock Tunnel. lOtPotosl .... 4 ''tr
Con Cal & VH....1 Or.i Savage '."V"?
Horn Silver 1 551 Sierra Nevada. """«
Iron Silver 1 80! Small Hopes. ..•'.« 5<t
Leadvllle Con . 02| Standard . . . .'...'!\u25a0• lsq
Boston Stocks and Bdftds?lf$.
Money— |u S Steel 17%
Call loans 2%03 | Do pfd......... 70S
Time loans 4 ®5 West' house Com. . 83 *
Bonds— Mining—
Atchlson adj 4s.. 95% Adventure 3%
Do 4s.. .101% AUo\»z -iV*
Mexican Cen 4s.. 65% Amalgamated"!!" 58
Railroads— _ Amer Zinc 11%
Atchison 83U Atlantic 1314
Do pfd if'O^iBlngham ... 2«2
Boston & Albany.278V, Calumet & Hecia!525
Boston & Matne. .163% Centennial . . . ; . . 27
Boston Elevated. .153% Copper Ranee K7
Fitchburgpfd....l37% Daly T\>s t . . *" 14
w e^ lca 5 x?'f t » I \]i? % Dominion Coal!!!! 67
N Y, N H & H..191 Franklin S
Pere Marquette.. 74 Grancy !!!""" i
Union Pacific... 101% r 8 i e Royal4 !!!!!!! "22 4
Mtecellaneous— Mass Mining 4%
Am Arge Chem.. 15 Michigan ..:..:.. e2
Do pfd. ;....... 77U Mohawk ..... 46
Am Pneu Tube... 5% Mont Coal Coke. 5
Al ?f r %T iT E2* Old Dominion. ..? 17
Do pfd ..133 tOsceola '." Rrtti
Am Tel & Tcl...l40% Par^t ..I'.l'.T.y 23%
Am Woolen 14 iQuincy ........... »o«
Do pfd. . . ... . 82%l Shannon 4 *
Dominion I & S.. 12 (Tamarack ;....:.. 115
New York Cotton Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
RAISINS — 1904 crop fob. Fresno—Im
perial dusters. $2 25&2 50: Dehesa. $1 S30-;
London Layers. SOcSJl; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 3%€?4c: 3-crown. ou.': s «.~; ;2-crown.
2%©2%c; Seedless 2%$2*ic; Floated. 2%c;
Seeded. 3T,®5iic; Thompson's Seedless. 4 1 . t c;
Seedless Sultanas. . 3£3i- 4 c. 1903 crop— Loose
Muscatels. 2gUHc; Seedless, l%c; Floated. 2c;
Pacifies. 1%i&2* 4 c: Seeded 3'-i@4%c: Malaga*.
l%62Hc pe r lb; Seedless Sultanas. 2c.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie;
No. 2 9c; No. 1 hardshell, 10%c; No. 2. 8*je:
Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils 149144a for
I X L. 13ft 14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie. for
Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7o for Eastern; Pe
cans 11013c; Cocoanuts $4 S0@5
HONEY— Comb. 11612c for white and 101$
lie for amber; water white extracted. 3 1 -, i
0c; light amber extracted. 3g5Uc; dark. Zt
4%c.
, BEE3WAX— 27029c per lb.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.— To-day 1 * treas
ury statement: Available cash balance, $149,
577,004; gold, $60,073,673.
All Quotations remain unchanged, and the
millers report the usual local business.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, H 800
5 10. usual terms; Bakers 1 Extras. $4 7005:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 8594 2a
per bbh
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rlee Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal $3*75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 C063 85; Buckwheat Flour, M; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. 13 73: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbU. $6 50®7 60; la
sacks. 54 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $3 50; Green Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 27.—CATTLE*—R«
celDts. 22,000; market slow and steady; na
tive steers. $3 75@6; native cows and heifers.
?1 50®4 75; stockers and feeders. $2 25@4:
bulls, $1 75®3 60; calves, $2 60@5 50: Western
steers. $3®4 25: Western cows, $1 60<33 25.
COWS— Receipts, 10,000; market steady to
strong; bulk of sales, $5 90@6 05; heavy, $5 90
e<3 05; packers, $5 Pofirt 10; pigs and light.
|5 85<ff6 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, < 15,000; market steady;
muttons, $3^3 80: lambs, $405 25: rang*
wethers, $3 25®3 90: ewes. $2 75@S S3.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. Sept. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000; market steady. 10c lower: native steers,
$4sj?6; cows and heifers. $2 50@3 75; Western
steers, $3@4 65; Texas steers, (2 T3@3 60;
range cows and heifers, $2 25@3 30; canners,
?1 BCKg^ 10; stockers and feeders. $2 2504;
calves, J3S5 60; bulls and stags. 91 75@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 7500; market 5c lower;
heavy, $5 70@5 85; mixed, $5 80@5 85; light.
15 00^8; pigs. $565 60; bulk of sales, $5 80®
55 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, 16,000; market steady;
Western yearlings, $3 GOg3 90; wethers,
$3 4ik 1 i3 73: ewes, $3@3 60: common and stock
ers, #2 7O®3 70; lambs, $4 4O@5. "
Omaha.
©« 25; Texas fed steers, $4@5 60; Western
steers, |3 50@5 10.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 10,000; to-morrow.
14,000; market weaker; mixed and butchers.
$5 6603 37%; good to choice heavy. <0@6 3d;
rough heavy, $5,60<g5 60; light, $5 70@6 30;
bulk of .sales. S3 93Q0 10. .
SHEEP — Receipts. 25,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 75® 4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $S©4; Western sheep,
$3®4 60; nati\^ lambs. $3 50®5 85; Western
lambs, f4@5 65.
Ed Elec Ilium. .253% Trinity ...' 8%
Genera* Electric. 171% O S Mining. ...... 20%
Mass Electric 13. O 8 Oil 11
Do pfd 68 Utah 40%
Mass Gas........ 42 Victoria..... 40
United Fruit..... 105}i Wlnona 9
Un Shoe Mach.. 62 % Wolverine .. 88
Do pfd 30% ?* .
Flour and Millstuffs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1904.
CHICAGO. Sept. 27.— CATTLE-i-Recelpts,
13,000, Including 6000 Westerns; market steady;
good • to prime \u25a0 steers, . $5 75@6 50; . poor to
medium, $3 70©5 40; stockers and feeder*
$2 2o@4; cows, $1 50@4 35; heifers, $2@5 25:
canners, $l # 60®2 40; , bulls, #2^4; calves, f 3 50
Chicago.
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION SALE AT 5^
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH BT.^
WEDNESDAY. September 23. at 11 a. m. I
will sell 30 good horses of the Atlantic Con-
tracting Co. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer..Gilt-edge security against storm and stress of
weather In Gilt Edge whiskey. Wlchman, Lut
gen & Co., 20-31 Battery st., 8. F.
WILL GIVE A BENEFIT BALL.— A grant
Slmchas Torah ball will be given Sunday even
ing at Lyric Hall. Keneseth Isra«l, : for • th«
benefit of its Talmud Torah school. Prepara
tions for the event are being made and a good
time is promised all. -
THREE DAIRIES TO BE CONDEMNED. —
Health Officer D. F. Ragan and Chief In
epectln? Physician William C. Hassler paid a
visit to sixteen dairies yesterday morning and
found the majority had made vast Improve
ments. The health officer will continue ex
aminlng dairies and on Thursday or - Friday
will submit a report of the ratine of the
dairies of thn city and county. Dr. Ragan
states that the dairymen had taken heed of
the public cry against filthy premises and are
cleaning theM places up. The dairies that
are unclean will be published and the names'
of good and bad dailies will be printed \u25a0on
the bulletin board In > the , office .of the Board
of Health because It is impossible to placo
dairies would be condemned by the Board
of Haelth because It Is impossible to place
them In a sanitary condition. , "• • : ;','-
\u25a0 NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — The follow
ing Calif ornlans are in New York:*
San Francisco — Miss Buckley.
Buckingham; E. Calamo, Herald
square Hotel; M. Merten, Hotel Im
perial; Mrs. W. S. O'Brien, Miss G.
O'Brien, Buckingham: W. Alexander,
Holland; B. Benjamin, Cumberland;
Dr. J. Bittercomb, Grand Union; Mrs.
T. Brilliard, Broadway Central; Mrs.
E. Chapman. Hotel York; H. Cole.
Continental Hotel; Mrs. G. Gordon.
Broadway Central;.. H. L. Howard,
Grand Union; A. Marriott, Bartholdi;
Miss G. Morris. Hotel York; H. W.
Phelps, Holland; R. E. Reynolds and
wife, Mrs. M..C. Walters. Mrs. W. C.
•Walters. Grand Union; F. D. Wat
kins, Hotel York; W. Bailey, Grand
Union; Mrs. A. Holland, Albemarle;
C. W. Strine, Hotel Imperial.
San Jose — J. D- Delmas, H. W. Me-
C6mas. Hotel York.
- San Rafael — F. N. Dickson. Vie-
Los Angeles — M. F. Amestoy, J. M.
Lorronda, Marlborough; Miss J. A.
McGraw, Herald Square; S. M, Bar
ber. Normandie; Miss M. Garnsey,
Wolcott; G. H. Haley. Hotel Victoria;
R. Peco, Hotel America: Mrs. N. F.
Wilson. Imperial; Miss H. Burt. Mur
ray Hill: G. H. Holmes. Metropoli
tan: Misses White, Murray Hill: J.
P. Mulford. Wellington; Mrs. M. F.
Snepler, Herald Square.
\u25a0 » \u25a0
Cnltfornians in New York.
Captain Ronificld Holds Him Respon
sible for the Grounding of the
Steam Schooner Northland.
Captain S. Bonlfleld of the steam
schooner Northland produced evi
dence yesterday before United States
Inspectors O. F. Bolles and Captain
John K. Bulger tending to show that
the grounding of his vessel off Point
Pinos on September 19 was due to
First Mate Peter E. Hedvall mistak
ing the Point Pinos light for the
Santa Cruz light.
In support of his contention he pro
duced his logbook, which showed
unmistakably that it had been tam
pered with.
In exDlanation Mate Hedvall said
that he suspected that he had spelled
Point Pinos incorrecly and that he
erased and rewrote it.
Chief Engineer Lindley testified
that the words "Santa Cruz light" had
been partly erased and "Point Pinos
light" written over them. Mate Hed
vall was on watch at the time of the
grounding. The matter was taken
under advisement.
\u25a0 m *
3IATE HEDVAMi RUBS
OUT A SHIP'S RECORD
I We want to rrint your next booklet. Ed
ward Knowles Company. 21 Second street. •
. WILT.. OF DORA WJJSSE. — TD« Will or
Dora Wiepe. who died at Alameda Septem
ber 22. leaving a $oO<)0 estate in this city,
was filed yesterday with the petition of Fred
Staude for Its admission to probate. The
property Is left to three sons and two daugh
ters.
I Bnrnrtt'R Vanilla Extract Is cold I
tj- all the best grocers everywhere, try it. • j
• i\ n'.T*-a jsmk; ji ><>ar.< of asrf-: th«> Fiz»> of a
»-c!l crown boy nf !\u2666 years; dark hair; Mue
*>•*•*; vf-ry thick. <lsrk skin, eoarne and rough;
has a h!ijrht <>ru]>Tion <-n the fk!n nnd a scar
on the rose: has a frank. ma.nly way of *=r*ak
in*?, and will cry if aFkM about his home or
rrlitivr*. Th* l>oy had on a dark coat knee
fcreeebea and a cap.
Two boys. John Mmgley, aged 14
years, and Wilfred Jonas, aged 11
years*, yesterday ran away from insti
tutions under the control of the As
sociated Charities of this city. Every
effort to apprehend them is being I
made by the association and the Po
lice Department. Following is a de
scription of the runaways:
John . c ?ing!»y: 11 ypars of ag" : urxW size*!; 1
larrr. <n>rs eye*: very full, rod lips; dark
hair; rather thin ar..i Ftraijrht. When he left
th*> institution had on a lij.ht check suit dark
kn»e breacbe*. black Ftockirps and a' dark
OKP.
John Stingily and Wilfred Jonas
Make Their Escape and Arc Be
in~ Anxiously Sought.
TWO BOYS Rl\ AWAY FROM
CHAIUTAI3US INSTITUTIONS
Assistant District Attorney McKinley
D<»cs Not Take Surety Offered for
Freedom of Former Interpreter.
Associates of Hippolyttus Lesola Am
ador Eca da Silva, former Chinese in
terpreter for the Chinese Bureau at
this port, turned up yesterday after
noon lw the Clerk's office of the United
States /District Court for the purpose of
filing a bail bond of $5000 for his re
lease. One of them was Dick Williams,
who was indicted several years ago by
the Federal Grand Jury for being a
member of a gang engaged in landing
: Chinese unlawfuly. Another was a man
who pave his name as Jones, and to
Assistant United States District Attor
ney B. L. McKinley as John B. Kelly,
town w*atchman. Neither was accept
able to McKinley and Da Silva re
mains in prison.
REFUSE TO ACCEPT BONDS
FOR RELEASE OF DA SIIjVA !
— __ j
T. Okamura, proprietor of a shoot
ing gallery at 531 Pacific street, re
ported to the police yesterday that
during the night his place had been
visited by a burglar. Entrance had
been effected by breaking the lock oft
the front door. Several pistols and
other articles had been stolen. Two
nights ago the saloon of Primo Tor
roni, in the same block, was entered
by breaking the lock off the front
door and two men were causht be
hind the bar and arrested for bur
glary.
Shooting Gallery Robbed.
LOUISA JOHNSON'S WILL. — Peter H. I
Johnson yesterday petitioned for the admission
to 'probate of the will of his wife,. Louisa C.
Johnson, who died August 25 at Nushagak.
Alaska. She leaved $0000 to her son. Otto
Johnson, and the residue of an estate worth
less than fIO.CCO coca to the husband.
Edward F. Swift of Chicago is at
the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. Metcalf of Del Monte
are at the Palace.
W. R. McKeen Jr. and wife of Oma
ha are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Taylor of Liver
more are at the Palace.
W. O. Mansen, a prominent mining
engineer, is at the Palace.
Lieutenant and Mrs. J. L. McKean,
U. S. N., are at the St. Francis.
H. L. Warner, proprietor of the By
ron Hot Springs Hotel, is at the Pal
ace. #
D. W. Kirkland. prominent in Owl
Drug circles, Los Angeles, is at the St.
Francis.
Mrs. Mary H. Banning and Mis 3
Banning of Los Angeles are at tha Oc
cidental.
'" Mr. and Mrs. -'L: J. Holton have
', taken apartments at the St. Franci3
for the winter.
f Charles M. Schwab will depart for
• the East on a special train this after
| noon "at 4 o'clock.
' T. Ellard Beans, president of the
j Bank of San Jose, and his family are
; at the St. Francis.
Harry Corbett, the well known
sporting man, returned Monday from
i his trip through Nevada. He also spent
! some time at Lake Tahoe.
I Lady Clarke, her companion. Miss
Cummings, and her maid, who are
touring the world, will depart for their
home in Australia to-morrow on the
! Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
. Sonoma.
I Colonel "W. F. Tucker, Mrs. Tucker
and their son George E. Tucker and
Miss Taylor are at the Occidental.
Mrs. Tucker is the daughter of the
late General John A. Logan and pos
sesses, besides personal beauty, many
of the mental qualifications of her ill
ustrious father.
1 James K. Wilson', president of the
San Francisco National Bank and
member of the Republican State Exec
utive Committee, has returned from
New York. He was a delegate from
California to the National Convention
of Bankers and made one of the lead
ing addresses of the annual session.
i »
PERSONALS.
WANTS INJUNCTIONS DISSOLVED.—
Judge Troutt yesterday heard and took under
advisement arguments for and against the
Injunction orders granted on July 27 and August
24 restraining the San Francisco das and
Electric Company from Interfering with the
house movers, who found It necessary to cut
the company's wires. The injunctions pro
vided that th» house movers should jlvs a
sufficient bond to guarantee the actual cost
to ths company of cutting and repairing the
wires. The company claims that the bond 9
Iso given arc insufficient and wants the In
junctions dissolved.
Miss Jeanette and Miss Ethel New
man leave for the East and the St. Louis
Fair on the 3rd of October. They will
spend the winter visiting relatives N in
Chicago and New York^ The Misses
Newmap will be at home to thejr friends
on, Saturday afternoon next.
A Trin East
lotto nnA Mlc,
Howard E. Jacott of New York, but
a native son— step son of E. P. Heald,
the prominent business man of San
Francisco, has written "Down the
Line," which goes on at Fischer's The
j ater next Monday evening. Mr. Jacott
j was born in this city 24 years ago and
I although he has gained a reputation
I already in New York for his journalis
| tic works, this burlesque is his first at
tempt at stage literature. His traves
ty is strictly local and abounds in
bright lines and clever illustrations.
J His friends, who are legion in this city,
will combine to make the opening- night
of "Down the Line" a gala event. Mr.
Jacott is a nephew of Miss Belle
. Thorne. the celebrated prima donna,
and comes naturally by his theatrical
knowledge. His travesty at Fischer's
is likely to be the stepping stone to
things more ambitious, as he leaves
shortly for New York to resume his
career. •
Howard RJacott's New Play
Will Soon Be Seen at
Fischer's.
HOWARD E JACOTT AUTHOR OP
"DOWN THE LINE." TO BE PRO
DUCED AT FISCHER'S.
At midnight Monday the names or i
74,347 voters were on the books of
the Registrar. It is estimated that I
yesterday not less than 2500 and pos
sibly 3000 voters placed their names j
on the great register and it Is ex- j
pected that fully 3500 will sign to
day. This will bring the total regis- ;
tration up to more than 80,000, a fig
ure that is significant In many ways.
In the first place, this figure demon
strates the great interest that attaches
to the coming Presidential contest.
Secondarily, the large registration dem
onstrates the great growth of San Fran
cisco. Four years ago, when the Is- >
sues between the McKinley Repub- !
licans and the Bryan Democrats were j
clear cut and permitted of no misin- |
terpretation, the registration was full, j
73,912 voters being recorded. There j
wilj be an increase over this figure j
this year of from 6000 to 7000 names,
which constitute a noteworthy addi
tion to the list of citizens of the city.
Though the registration closes at
midnight? to-night, those whose names
are on the books of the Registrar and j
who may move out of the precinct j
from which they registered have until j
midnight of October 13 in which to j
record such removal. Those that may
move after October 13 arid prior to the
election will lose their vote.
The use of the voting machines in
several of the precincts at the coming
election is attracting considerable in- !
terest and for the benefit of those that
will be compelled to struggle with the
innovation the Registrar has arranged ]
several rehearsals. The machines will i
be . used in the Thirty-first, Thirty- j
sixth. Thirty-seventh and Fortieth As
sembly districts and the Registrar is
anxious that those that will be com
pelled to rely upon them to record :
their votes be instructed in the me
chanical problems involved.
In consequence, he has announced
that the voting machines will be ex
hibited on Friday evening next at No.
98S Oak street and on Saturday even
ing. October 1, at No. 1966 Page
street. All voters will be instructed in
the use of the machines at the times
and places named. Other rehearsals
will be arranged for later dates.
Registration for # the general elec
tion, on November 8 closes at mid
night to-night. Though the registra
tion has been" heavy, demonstrating
the great interest that centers in the
coming contest, many names are yet
to be recorded and a rush to-day is
anticipated. Hopes are entertained
that no man will lose his vote; that
the issues to be decided in November
will be decided by the whole people,
and hence the Registrar issues an ap
peal to those that have not yet ap- !
peared at his office to get there early
tc-day, or in any event some time to- j
day, that they may have a voice in
naming the next chief executive of :
the nation. ' |
Charles^Wyman, accused of ballot-bos
stuffing, sought to escape preliminary
examination before Police Judge Caba
niss yesterday by appealing to Judge
de Haven of the United States Dis
trict Court for a writ of habeas cor
pus, but the petition was denied and
the hearing of the defendant continued
before the committing magistrate
without interruption. The afternoon
was spent in the introduction of elec
tion records involved in the case, and
the examination will be resumed Fri
day afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Wyman surprised the prison offi
cials shortly before noon by giving
himsalf up to them, and the accom
panying bondsmen explained that
they wished to surrender him. It was
evident that the plan was to sue out
a writ of habeas corpus and prevent
the hearing in the Police Court that
had been set for 2 o'clock.
In the petition presented to the Fed
eral Court the contention was made
that the primary law of California is in
violation of the constitution of the Unit
ed States, in that it discriminates be
tween political parties. It provides that
a party must cast at least 3 per cent
of the total vote of the previous elec
tion to gain a place on the official
ballot, and in many communities would
shut out. for example, the Prohibition
party, which is a national entity.
Therefore, the law being unconstitu
tional, there was no law for Wyman to
violate. Countryman urged.
But Judge de Haven declared it to
be wey established that Federal Courts
shall not interfere with the laws and
courts of a State until the avenues of
remedy of the State shall have been
exhausted. In his opinion there were
no exceptional facts presented and
therefore no ground to justify interfer
ence on hjs part.
WILL. RESORT TO APPEALS.
Attorney Countryman explained that
he would appeal to .the United States
Supreme Court from the decision' of
Judge de Haven if he did not lose the
right because he was not present when
the decision was rendered. If barred
because not on hand to give notice, he
said, a second petition would be suea
out before Circuit Judge Morrow ana
the appeal taken from his court, if his
decision be adverse.
By carrying the case to Washington
it is hoped to have the prosecution in
the State courts stayed until a ruling
shall be obtained there.
Countryman says he may seek a
writ of habeas corpus in the Superior
Court, and if unsuccessful in gaining
the release of his client, appeal to the
State Supreme Court.
John A. Hosmer appeared for the
Merchants' Association as special pros
ecutor. He was accompanied by George
T. Wright, counsel for the organiza
tion Fairfax H. Wheelan, the com
plaining witness, was in attendance,
and with him was Frank J. Symmes,
president of the Merchants* Associa
tion.
Judge Cabaniss first called Wyman
to the stand to inquire whether he was
in. court throughout the arraignment
proceedings, at the time the sensation
al discovery was made that a "double"
of the defendant was to all intents and
purposes taking his place. The pris
oner said he was in the courtroom from
the time of convening to adjournment,
and Judge Cabaiiiss made no further
investigation.
RINGER IS IDENTIFIED.
The man in the City Prison sus
pected oi being a pickpocket and giv
ing the name of John McNamara has
been positively identified as the court
room "ringer." When asked if he had
been requested or induced to appear in
the Police Court for the purpose of
confusing the witnesses for the prose
cution. McNamara, alias McMenomy,
refused to say, neither affirming nor
denying. "At the proper time, which
is in, court, I will talk, but not till
then," he declared.
The testimony taken before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday was the identifi
cation of a.iidavits of registration
showing the signature of the defendant
and of that of S. H. Mann, whose
name he is, alleged to have voted. The
roster, which is in the hands of the
Grand Jury and contains the forgery
of Mann's name, was also produced.
While the roster of the Seventy-third
precinct was in court Judge Cabaniss
allowed representatives of the Mer
chants' Association ,to photograph it.
Registrar Adams was present and pro
tested, but when asked to give a valid
reason for his objection could not do
bo to the satisfaction of the court.
Judge Cabaniss, when asked, fixed
Wyman's new bail bond at $1000 cash
and the money was furnished by Pub
lic Works Commissioner F. A. Maes
tretti.
Figures Largely Surpass!
Those of Four Years Ago. i
Machines to Be Exhibited
I)e Haven Refuses to Inter
fere With State Courts,
and Hearing Is Begun
GEEAT GROWTH OF CITY'
ATTACKS PEIMARY LAW
Announcement Is Made That \u25a0
Eighty Thousand Will Vote j
Here in Next * November j
Tries to Escape Examina
tion in Police Court by
Habeas Corpus Process
REGISTRATION
ENDS TO-NIGHT
FEDERAL JUDGE
FAILS WYMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCd CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2$, i»u^.
"DOWN THE LINE"
IS A COMEDY OF
MUCH PROMISE
14
\u25a0 ADVERTISEMJEXTS. . ._^^w^ww>
C The •\u25a0rtraorainarj- degree of Interest that the j
3 public is talcing Jn this great sale cmpha^ies the SPFCIAL f
J remarkable nature of the value tfvlnB. It Is no Or&Vrin^.
JJftt rxapgeratlca to say that never anywhere Wiore .. , , |
t»JgJ have euch s-jperior stsortmer.ts in exclusive
Upholstery Fabric
Furniture Carpets a ,?~*
Draperies Wall Paper g?s^S
KurcSfblafi nwis. — — —— i— — —^—
Extension Tables Portieres & Lace Curtains
x. «/ , I -. w Pricac One pair of a kind In all the color-
at Very LOW rnCK> lnss attractive to those
Thffe jmrtJcular tables have an ex- w t, o have an eye for beauty and qual-
cellecee cf construction together with Jt The j s wide enough to
a Ryle and flri.h 5^..^^ permit an untrammeled choice. whUe
££%^ rrfcel^ Sder^c the the reSnctlon, .i« of a character that
wmaartmeat lia* l^een subjectei to very Invite generous selection.
riiiicul Item<jvjd 2rale j'rice reductions.
It l.ehi>-.vc* the tvite buyer to take ad- PCltlereS
var.tajre of tuclj a remarkable ironey- Empire rreen. Pcplln -weave. Arabian
iiv-.r.g ln&oe*meaw lace trimmed and corded edge; C17 AA
Qaartcr-Sawed Golden Oak $21- Removal Sale Price :.*n.vw
5 se?t •j\ienfi'-,n; round top pedestal JfavT Blue, plain color, 6gur*$ Vel-
Mi.*; carved claw l^et; CaC£ i >/ .^ on : our: iZS. Removal Sale CJC AA
BtnctlDB and ftnihh: »M. Re- J32.50 Price
roijval S&Ze Trice "• r>arfe Blue Poplin weave, mercerized.
Weathered Oak corded: *li Removal Sale CQ (\C\
r. feet ler.pih; round top: pedestal price «/.»»
«?r : T^ h "v?f d Xdf£S CtlOn: 524.00 Dark Rrt fringe. M«rerlzed. figured.
* rn ™*.H??. 516.00 83R±-!S! 57.99
Solid Onartercd Oak T>otV Blue, garden red. plain frinBf:
8 ;«f il^leShf ": heavy »SO. Removal SaJe jjj^A
lep«- hi?he.'t grade \u25a0o-orkman^hip: Price
JtlS. P.rrnoval Szle K]Z flfl Old Red. twe-tonetl fringe, figured:
Prjce <13.«W $t Removal Sale JJJg
Quarter-Sawed Oak Pri«*
P feet lc-ns: fruity rouni top: Cnert ,,., enrtains
S^eSiSS^ I . 1 :--^-- 512.00 Real Arab?" £S insertion plain
G^ldeaOak 88?? *£ ««»"» M « 539.00
6 fett lone- ea-aare top; excellent rnce •
wortea^5h:p: $X Removal 57 AS Corded Ecru. Irish Point. 4 yards;
SalePWce ------ *'* W « 15 - Removal Sale JJA Qfl
C {eet ta SStt: top; high- Corfed Dentelle. Arabian Cable Net;
rratfe eoatiJuetkm and flnish; *L AA flL Removal Sale J^ 1Z
?7.O0l Removal Sale Price \u2666O.U* Price «pv.it/
Carpels Oriental Rvjs Inlaid linoleums
The latest weaves, the Complete line, embrac- A complete line of In-
most exclusive ratterr.s. }ns most beautiful laid Linoleums In every
the richest colorings are Anatolians. K a z a k s. variety of style, figure
&J* if^a veryV/ge Shirvans, Sennas. Fer- and pattern. For office.
ico'nemy in rar-JetJ. of ragahns. Kurdlstans, kitchen and many ether
a thoroughly dependable Persians, Antique Irans. uses there is nothing as
character. Bolcochistans, In all practicable as a good lln-
Axaiinsters siaes. Reduced from our oleum. Ours are fully up
A larg«- line, including regular prices to the high standard of
all the newest j.mterns: a il our merchandise.
COa Removal Bale Price 30 Pcr Ccnt $i. 7 5-Rem«-al Sale
51.Vfi. iiemoCai Sale Price price *1.«O
ftl.OO J1.C3— Removal Sale
"Body Bru..el. Wall Papers Pric* \u25a0 9l.:w
This nne serviceable o Jr -v\- a n Tapers are ?1. 50— Removal Sa^e
quality carpet in all fall r.oted for their approprt- Price o
patterns: $1.50. Removal ate colorings, artistic de- «...
suie Price $i^5 signs and tasteful fig- Japanese Malting
Tapcitry.Bni.Eel. Se^Ve^rave^h' "*" era de wca^-
la un«x-e:ici assort- des.RTW we navetne hlghly art istic colorings,
meni: $1.20. Removal newrt and mewt varied %* •> Remova , g aIe
Price l»Ot; J»» assortment. Wall p * gg
Tape* try Brussels A large and complete
A good serviceable oar- RcCCCCU IS 10 25 assortment cf 30c llat-
pet: h5c. Removal Sale _ _ tings. Removal Sale
Price <>.%c Per Lent Price a«»c
WE WILL DELIVER GOODS TO ST7XT BITTER'S CONVENIENCE AND
STORE TREE OT CHARGE FAST TSE HOLIDAYS.
649,46511, MAR KET ST kearny
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gJo There has never before been such a Carpet \5*|
r£ Price Cutting in this city. When we cut prices 3!j \
JK Ihe people know about it, and they come. Here QJI
&£ arc a few of Sunday's specials, all of which R^
tj* continue for the wceK : \jJ\ \
PV LEH1GH BRUSSELS E f " tlrf !?r Pa ° f colorln « and design i^fci
P- I LL " w " uHMUJui-u j,f lr . r lusrh-pradp carpets. Scores of /\u25a0 r> &\M
tfe J patterns to chooBe from. Regular 90c values This nSP ». M
ItVyy v.-erk. tlie yard, Jaid \JJ\* yUsrl
f^ HIGH-GRADE BRUSSELS V^X^^^TST^'- £9
f^J creens. wood colors a n d light tans. This week, the /Sf* %jlA
n^^> yard, lafd • fc/V
LQ ROYAL WILTOJI VELVETS aSSL"<3SS S*V? «t W&
t*5 lustrous colorings. This week. laid, the yard \| /til WL/i
y^L * kpit^V «5d
*HS INLAID LINOLEUMS il si f ? r a flyer - R*suiar 51.50 values. KU
Z& ,. J , Vm, The color jtops clear through jp - /n^ %3fl
K^I t" the back. This week, the square yard, laid, an \1 fin <CT«fl
f%fc^ even 4»l«vV/
%S TAPESTRY RUGS f /?:h... R ? pu . la y.. $ ; 2 ;^ JJ5 QQ
b*^i UfiE CUST4INS He , re ls the bar Saln of the day. 51.00 rr fSHi
iT~\ LAliC CUniftinO values . Nottingham weaves; ecru SSf* 4-^i
f&J colors; neat effects. Pcr pair w»w»V B^|
feu! f RAPIAN CURTAINS , $3<0 ° values : Inches wide; 3»£ yards
14% corded borders on sides and ends. Per pair, while T| I XS O 9£&
h*j they iRSt 4H.OJ 3ftf|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOX BOAS
and STOLES
$7.50 to $45.00
:• Special Values..
All Paris. London and JTew Tozk
axe wearing 1 Keck Furs tMs sea«pa—
And wo are showing the Identical
styles and kinds In our For Depart-
ment. . g>|, .
DONT rOHGET OUB XTTTZEBEB.
I Candlesticks \
Sterling Silver
$3.00 Upward
Useful and decora-
tive for Sideboard,
Boudoir or Library.
1Bohm*Bristol Co.,
Jewelers and
Silversmiths
rO 104-119 Geary Street U.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xs tha only cure for Verrous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 593 HAK3HT ST..
Ean Francisco* Cai.
ADVERTISEaiEXTS.
What do you chance
when you buy a
Piano?
WHEN YOU BUY A PIANO all you see is
the case, all you hear is the tone in the ware-
rooms and the delightful music of the salesman's
argument — the rest you take on chance.-
You can't tell how long that tone will last; you
can't see ahead three years and know by the test of
time that your instrument will prove the worth the
salesman claims for it, and you can't tell whether
you're paying a hundred dollars too much or not.
You HAVE to trust the dealer.
So go to a piano concern you KNOW will treat
you fairly; to a concern, with a reputation for honor-
able dealing and with but one price to everybody.
If you first decide to*gq. to^Sherman, Clay & Co.
youVe insured yourself right at the start, as far as
I Sherman, Clay & Co.
Kearny and Sutter Streets, S* F*
J3th and Broadway, Oaklarid
1 j^dYERTISKMESTS.
Corduroys,
Broadcloths and
House Furnishings I
Dress Corduroys French Broadcloths
. Best quality silk finished VEL- Imported FRENCH BROAD-
VET* CORDUROYS for dresses, CLOTHS, in all the new color-
coats and waists in all the leading ings, beautifully finished. A com-
fashionable shades of navy, plete assortment of dark, medium,
brown, olive, drab, gray and champagne and tan shades, also
cream, also black. cream and white; 52 inches wide.
$!.00 Yard $1.75. $2.25, $2.50, $3.00 Yard
English Covert Cloths French Flannels
.5 All-wool TAN COVERT .We have received jj our en-
CLOTHS. This is the cloth so tire new stock of printed and
much worn for tailor suits, coats plain FRENCH FLANNELS, in
and corset jackets; comes in a" shades and new designs, in
three qualities; 54 inches wide. dots, stripes, small and medium
51.50, $2.00, «.5O Yard SSST^TiMk 8
Linen Towels " Plain 60c, Fignred 75c
200 dozen heavy aii-Hnen White Marseilles Spreads
HUCK TOWELS, full size, in A d HEAVY BED
hemmed and hemstitched; also cpopAn full size hemmed
hemmed and fringed all-linen SPREAD, fu 11 size aemmea,
r>ATWA«:w Tr»WFT c *L~ A~-,~r, ready for use; in many new pat-
DAMASK TOWELS, per dozen tern * center pieces and \
$3.00 designs.
$2.75 Each \
Table Damask _ .. Dt . .
Hand loom dice and figured Cr "> ,? ! ™ «Jf TT?rtT>
cream TABLE DAMASK, all Fine, soft aU-wool CALIFOR- ;
pure Unen and very heavy; will NIA WHITE BLANKETS, for j
bleach quickly; full width. infants' use; m all sizes; pink and
r« V j blue borders. i {
ouc Targ ' From $1.50 to $6.00 Pair j
Napkins Table Covers
200 dozen DINNER NAP- New designs i and colors, in
KINS, full size and all pure linen; Tapestry, Plush and Velour TA-
an extra good quality; 20 new BLE COVERS, reversible and
patterns. two- toned effects; all sizes.
$3.00 Dozen From $2.00 to $6.50 Each
NOTE - Mail Orders Promptly Filled. Write for Samples.
Glove Sal*. , \u25a0 Trimmings
place on sale Our stock
two lines of *-'**•* of Brald» *ad
French Kid /T£l*r&Z>*A A/§ fr*i 7 Trlinmla*« Is
Gloves In all fLy# C*yT / #^4' >, complete for
/ the leading J±. * JM /j/) /# * » tha F«n \u25a0•.
ehades. being J]/?^ />>i VtA
a part of a ¥ /)<l^£wjiL/J \ ! °n- com-
rus^ <*^ \j7^^y^ a?-
the following '>^ C , ft q» *OnO n Plique. Per-
Prlces: Th» X^ J a lan bands
unulSlßlove "V "^<aL— * and plain and
&HS H 1 to 121 Post Street [TJ'T
$1.25 pair. ! •cziptlons.