roreeast mad* at San rram
ci s co for thirty hour* e^Ujif
mldnislxt, Btftcmicr 1SI
Saa Tranclsoo and vldmity—
ralr Monday; light acrtUwtst
wtafi. G. S. WXLS0».
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily ia Oharr*.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 111.
Four Candidates Are in
, the Field Seeking
Election.
Deputy's Illness Causes
Contest for High
Office. '
MUST SELECT
GRAND SIRE
FROM FLOOR
Reception, to. Sovereign; Grand Lodge at tlieLycenni. Theater, in-Odd Fellou-s'Teniplc. .
10;a.;mv—^Patriarcha i »Iilitant ; viHl!cscbrt sbvcreisn'grand officers and! the grand representatives toNa*
tive Sons'; Hall, Mason street, near Post.-. "^^ ' ' .
10:15 a. fit^^^qyci^^^Gran(l^L^^iyIU;1^caUed : to tfrder" and credentials^ c»minitteo will report.
New representatives' will be admitted. , v . . . ''.."..,?..,-:... ".." - . . .
10:30 a. m.— Special session of Grand Lodge of California in Odd i Fellows'^ HaH] for the purpose of con
ferring'.'the*Grand Lodge degree *bn all qualified past grands^ and ito instruct .iii raetliod of Tisiting Sovereign
Grand Lodge. ¦*'..;,:;,. ._'.'¦;¦ . ¦ '¦-;¦¦; '-Vi .' : '-\ .-.-: - : .^-^ '¦' '*':.:.".-. -: . v " ¦ • ¦ '
3*p. m.— Grand concert in MechauicsV ; Pa%iUon^Lm;kln street, near -Hayes.
v ¦ "'• - p. : m.— Grand ipubUol reception 'in Mechanics'i Pavilioiu )': Grand ' illumination : of »Iarket street.
PROGRAMME OF DAY'S' EVENTS AS OFFICIALLY ANNOUNCED
Continued on Face 2, Colnjna X,
Halls— J. H. Gllmore. F. A.-Weck^O.
C*Morrell." J. F. Niehols, L. Conn. E.
A. Lemoine. .
.. Hotels^-F. L. Turpin. , W. T. ' Gallo
way. L. L. Remy. J. F. Crosett, Samuel
Pbiack. H.M. Jensen, Dora Osthoff.
Flora . Bergman, F. D. Morrell. • Minnie
F. Dobbin, N. D. SIckels, Charles H.J.
Truman.
Parade— Henry Jacks, G. R. Fletcher,
F. W. Warren, M. H. Ludlow, F. J.
Smithson. H. R. Rasmussen.
Souvenir badge— W. H. Blunden, A,
Excarsion^-J. T. Jones. C. A. Stahle.
H.,3I. Peterson. *W. F. Harris, Maud
De'nnltte, Antoinette Shaw, AbbleEw-
Ing.
Decorations— H. D. Saville, C. C. El- ,
sasser. W. M. Monroe. John Traner,.R.
H. DeMint, E. R. Morse.
Finance-^M. Greenebaum. Franks
Krull. ."William H. Man,uell; : C. R. Mac- »
lauchlan, J.-T. Gibson.
Those Who Will Serve Burins: the
Week of Encampment.
The following are the committees that
will serve during the week of the en
campment:
Executive committee— President,
James W.-. .Harris; vice .presidents,
Charles W. Baker. J. W. Linscott. W.
H. Woodbridge, Stanley -A.. Smith.
Alma I. Jensen. .Dora Gardner. H. O.
Erower, G. S. Nalsmlth, William Nlch
blls Jr., M. G. ; Gill. C. H. Wever. J. A.
Fc-ster; secretary, William H. "Barnes:
assistant secretaries," Ui S. G: Clifford
and Mary E. ; Donoho; treasurer, George
T. Shaw; Karl C. Bnieck, A. M. Drew,
O. W. Erlewine, J. W..Warboys, H. D.
Richardson. F. E." Colley, J.. C. Sted
man, W. ¦ P. Schlosser. Ada Madl3on,
Sarah Wolf.'F.B. Ogden. J. F. Coonan.
George Jessen. F. P. Frary. C. H. Bur
den, W. I. Brobeck. J. .H. •Gllmore. F.
!•:• Turpin.'E. H. Black. ; George Kirk.
W. W. Watson. M. Greenebaum. .C7 E.
Benedict, H.-D.- Saville.- John Morton,
H. F. - Schlichtlng Jr.. W. H. Blunden.
William Crowhurst. B. J5. Underwood,
J. T. Jones, Henry Jacks, John Thomp
son. R. C. Black, L. Kragen, J. K. Rit
ter» Frank E. Smith.
Carriages, horses and trappings— C.
E. Benedict, C. F. O'Neil. M. P. Forbes.
J. H. Foster. H. Luke.
Exercises— W. W. Watson, Eola M.
Cyrus, ~Emma Arrison, O. M. Colburn,
R. W. Jones.
ASSIGNMENT OF COMMITTEES.
The same . preparations have been
made by. the Odd Fellows to care for
persons who may be accidentally hurt
during the big gatherings at the Me
chanics' Pavilion during the encamp
ment as were made by the Knights
Templar during the conclave. An
emergency hospital has been estab
lished in the southeast corner of the
gallery, under the supervision of the
Rebekahs. A corps of trained nurses
and. physicians will be in attendance.
The Odd Fellows expect that there
will be a large attendance at the va
rious receptions and concerts and
during the crush it is not unlikely that
some one may be the victim of an ac
cident. . Every effort will be made to
prevent mishaps and none are ex
pected to occur, but the order wishes
to be on the safe side and be prepared
for any emergency.
Corps of Nurses and Physicians la At*
tendance at Pavilion.
EMERGENCY HOSPITAL SERVICE.
, Wagon" loads of' , grapes, ' peaches, '
plums '.and all 'manner" of choice fruits
* were discharged «it the -side entrance
of Mechanic's* T Fay Won, yesterday aft
ernoon! The committee' of Odd ' Fel
lows on duty at the big building re
marked that "there 'will be enough
good things' to eat for all" and the
watchman nodded his head approv
ingly. -
Up on the main floor of the north
gallery .workmen were arranging the
quarters that have been . assigned to
serve as a camp and were making up
•four score of neat cots in the curtained
spaces. A place to sleep and plenty to 1
eat seemed to be the keynote of the
plans of the committees and the carry
ing-out of the preliminaries to furnish
ing both was the special work set
apart for ; those who were detailed to
make ready the pavilion for the thou
sands of' visitors who are expected to
arrive, In the city during the week. .
"The committee on, arrangements has
made use . of many , of the - decorations
that' were placed by the"Knights-Tem
plar. but' on the south side of the main
floor | of ¦'"the" j pavilion .the - booths ' that
•were -used by- tho. Temprar hosts have
been remodeled tosuit the demands of
the •* Odd Fellow- cantons - that are to
"assemble', there from • all parts of the
'Slate.' San Joaquih County, near the
main entrance,. Is ready to receive vis
itors -and y Is" prepared- to show them
some of the' good things that the yal
•ley" can produce. Contra- Costa and
San 'Joaquin have made" the most pro
• gress and It was Contra Costa's fruit
that- was •being' hauled 'into the head
quarters^ of the progressive \ county
from the big trucks ¦ outside.
The 1 gallery ' reception rooms that
w'dre decorated for the Knights Tem
plar'will'not be changed except that
the -ladles of tho Rebekah have ar
ranged J to adorn the • quarters with
flowers ',and evergreens.* Sonoma and
Mendoclno counties will use;, the im
provised ' grove' of plna .trees^and the
booths, at*, the west end "of the - pavil
ion that "were^used l by ( tneir represen
tatives during the conclave. .' '
At the " west end of tne main floor
is' the grand music stand* on which
the chorus of ., five hundred _voices.wlll
be iseatedV''- , The, 'stand .',wlll accommo
date eight hundred, persons and ex
tends the ; full width*- of the .building,
from gallery to gallery. Professor. Carl
Sawvell .has been training the chorus
and i yesterday afternoon •. at 3 o'clock
the, last rehearsal occurred, with": no
"member of the chorus missing. ' The
voices ¦ filled j the great structure and
produced pleasing harmony. - Professor
Sawvell haying accomplished wonders
with his puDil3..\" P i.
One of the pleasing surprises of the
afternoon was the presentation toPro
ftssor Sawvell of a handsome gold
[•badge? the gift of members of the cho
rus.\The presentation speech wts made
by Mrs. Blanche L. Stnborn, II. D.,
who thanked the pi^fessor for his ar
dent work to" bring the chorus up to
the standard of musical perfection/ and
I his patience- In -dealing with so large a
{.claps.-. Professor Sawvell replied, brief
{ ly and feelingly. thanking his pupils for
their generosity, and; good wishes. ; .. ¦
Thu3 ' far . only - two assignments of
camp cots in the camp quarters have
been -made. Vlsalia has applied for
twenty- five cots and, Sacramento for
sixteen. Santa Clara and Fresno are
expected to put In application to-day,
and before Tuesday^ morning" it is like
ly 'that all . of • the cots will have been
taken.'
to the pavilion may be had
by showing ; the official badge. The
booths will be open to all who enter th«
3IechanIcs'. Pavilion Is Scene of Ac
•; tlvlty— -Grand Chorus Rehearses.
PREPARE FOR FESTIVAL.
One of the matters for -legislative
consideration is that which- has been
brought to official attention by the Cal
ifornia members of the order. The local
members champion - an ' amendment ' to
the constitution, whichat present rules
that no man either directly, or indirect
ly engaged in the liquor traffic shall be
come a member of the order. The Cali
fornians desire to have ; this modified
so that those whose business is indi
rectly connected with the liquor trafflcj
but who are at present barred from the
order, may join. They argue that there
are many worthy . men in this Stats
who are connected t with i" the business,
both wholesale and retail, who ought to
be allowed to become members If their
moral and social' status place them In
the .same, class with citizens who follow
other callings in Ufa. The amendment
mentioned probably, will' not be accept
ed, but the Callfornians intend to bring
the subject up for. discussion. .
The sessions of • the Sovereign Grand
Lodge will be executive^ Assistant
Grand Secretary Curry will . attend" to
the giving out of news. Many of the
matters to be discussed are for the ears
of members only, and ' are of .no interest
to the genera] public. * All news pertain-;
ing to changes . of officer*, new I amend
ments and general > gorcrnment. of the
order will be prepared '. for .publication
by Mr. Curry.'
• Among the prominent- Odd '. Fellows
who will . attend { the session .' Is A. * L.
Mauk of EIko,^Nev. f - who -has-been
identified * with a number of • lodges • of
California.* Mjy Mauk Is :'a: past' grand
Most prominent .'among those who
have been mentioned* for grand sire to
be named after the .honorary electios of
Mr. Wright are Judge John L. 'Nolan
of Tennessee, .W. L." Kuykendall . * of
Wyoming, E. S. Conway of ' Illinois
and Hill Montagu! of Virginia. Judge
Nolan has led among those who aspired
to become deputy grand sire at the ex
piration of the term of ; Mr. Wright, but
now that it is known that" Mr. Wright
does not seek the office of grand sire
the forecast has been changed some
what. All of the candidates may now
have opportunity to try for both offices,
that of deputy grand sire and grand
sire. ¦¦ ye'.-- >''.--¦
The outside districts that will have
no delegates .present at the..session of
the Sovereign Lodge are Mexico, Nor
way, Queensland, Chile, Hawaii, Swe
den, Netherlands, New Zealand, Peru,
South Australia", "Canada, France,
Switzerland. Japan, Tasmania, New
foundland, New South Wales," Ger
many, West Australia, Denmark, Cuba,
England and Italy.
A matter of vital interest to the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge Is the coming elec
tion of a grand sire to fill the position
that will be vacated at the close of his
ten-year term .by John B. Goodwin. Un
der the rules of the order Deputy Grand
Sire Robert E. Wright should be ele
vated to. the exalted position, but Mr.
Wright has been forced ' to. decline, to
serve on account of ill health. . He has
expressed a desire that he shall not be
considered a candidate^ It Is'probable,
however, that his name will' be. present;
ed to the lodge for honorary election.
After the ballot has . been cast In his
favor he will resign . immediately, . and
the election of his" successor will be the
next order of business.
gress yesterday by the time Assistant
Grand Secretary Elvln J. Curry and his
helpers finished with the decorations.
Flags of twenty-three foreign countries
and outlying Terriories of the United
States were draped from the balconies,
and many varieties of small flags flut
tered from the platform and the raft
ers under the galleries.. . While -the
twenty-three ' far", distant ".cantons will
not be at the session; of the Sovereign
-Grand Lodge as individuals, -they.-, will
be therein spirit. Mr. 1 Curry says' that
the • flags were . placed; . a's 'is ..the' usual
custom, to" remind . the lodge of Itsl ab
sent" members who live in the corners
of the earth remote from San Fran
cisco, v .>--
master and past grand representative.
He Is quartered at 779 Haight street in
this city.
Mayor WH( Extend Offi
cial Greeting to
Visitors.
Mechanics 1 Pavilion to Be
Scene of Striking
Functions.
The officials will assemble in the
Empire parlor of the hotel. A volun
teer millitant staff, in full dress uni
form, will march to the maple room,
form a crescent, then proceed to the
marble room and back to the maple
room, where the reception is to take
place. The assembled Odd Fellows
and their ladles will then pay their re
spects to the grand sire and his wife.
The .reception will last from 10 until
11:30 o'clock and half an hour will
be allowed for the guests to .bid their
'farewells. .
Grand Sire John B. Goodwin and
his wife will be the recipients of a
brilliant reception in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel on Tuesday night.
All the prominent Odd Fellows from
the various lodges, accompanied ,by
their ladies, will be present to pay
their respects to the honored guest
of the occasion.
Odd Fellows Arrange Brilliant Func
tion for Tuesday Night.
WILLtflECEIVE GRAND SIRE.
Native Sons' Hall looked like the as
gerqbly place of an international • con-
Question of Elect ion ; of > Xtw - Grand
Sire Is Most > Important-
BUS1.VESS FOR' GRAND LODGE.
Th» procession on Friday morning
will probably be the largest fraternal
parade this city has ever seen. Addi
tional demands for places In line have
necessitated the addition of another di
vision, fifteen now being provided for.
In San Francisco alone there are 7000
Odd Fellows and S000 Rebekahs who
have signified their desire to be in line
and It Is estimated that at least .14,000
members of the order will march. Most
of the downtown stores • have decided
to declare a hajf . holiday. Friday so
that their employes may either partici
pate In or witness the 'parade.
To-morrow the Rebekahs will reign.
They have prepared special musical
programmes, which will be rendered
afternoon and evening at Mechanics'
Pavilion- The affair will be in the na
ture of a promenade concert and an
enjoyable event is anticipated. The
fiftieth annual session f the Grand
Cncatnpment of California will be
called to order to-morrow -orning at
Odd Fellows' HalL The Grand En
campment will conclude Its work
"Wednesday morning. The Sovereign
Grand Lodge will also meet to-mor
row and will • continue its sessions
throughout the week.
Odd Fellows continued to arrive all
day yesterday. The rest of the cantons
scheduled to participate in. the com
petitive drill will arrive to-morrow.
Washington Canton from Washington.
D. C, has been here some days; Iowa
Canton arrived last evening and the
cantons from Sacramento, Watsonville,
Lo» Angeles, Riverside, San Diego,
Santa Barbara and Santa Cruz will get
In to-morrow.
Ess Francisco extends her hospitality
to the hosts of Odd Fellowship that
have gathered here to participate in
the festivities and deliberate in the
cessions of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
of the United States and Canada. To
day will be marked by the formal
inauguration of encampment week.
Though the ceremonies Mill be dig
nified and significant they will lack
that picturegqueness that will charac
terize later events in*which the Patri
archs Militant will be the participants.
This morning at 9 o'clock a reception
Trill be tendered the Sovereign Grand
Lodge in the Lyceum Theater, Odd
Fellows' building. R. H. Lloyd, pres
ident of the day, will make the intro
ductory remarks and will be followed
fcy Mayor Schmilz, who will deliver an
address of welcome. Addresses wel
coming the visitors to the city will also
be delivered by J. W. Linscott. grand
master, on behalf of the Grand Lodge
of California, and by William H.
Barnes, grand scribe, on behalf of the
Grand Encampment of California. John
B. Goodwin, grand sire, will deliver the
response.
After an address of welcome to. the
ladies by Dora L. Gardner en bvhalf
of the RebeLah Assembly of California,
Grand Sire Goodwin and the grand rep
resentatives will be escorted to Native
Sons* '1 by the Patriarchs Militant.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge will be
called to order at Native Sous' Hall
end after the credentials committee has
reported and new members admitted
an adjournment will be taken until
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
A special session of the Grand Lodge
of California for the purpose of con
ferring the Grand Lodge degree on all
qualified past grands and to instruct
in the method of visiting the Sover
eign Grand Lodge will be held at Odd
Fellows' Hall at 10:30 o'clock. When
this work Js completed the members
will prepare to visit in a body the
grand coneert to be given at Mechan
ics' Pavilion at 2 o'clock.
A public reception will be held at
Mechanics' Pavilion in the evening. It
promises to be a notable event. After
the singing of the grand choral, "Wel
come," under the leadership of Carl
Sawvell, W. W. Watson, past grand
master, will address the great audi
ence that is expected to attend the re
ception. Remarks will also be made
by Grand Sire Goodwin. Grand Master
John W. Linscott. Grand Represent
ative Milton G. Gill and Grand Scribe
"William H. Barnes. Lulu Purlenky will
eing a contralto iolo, Robert W. Jones
a barytone selection and the Knicker
bocker Quartet v.ili contribute selected
songs. This will close the festivities
of the day.
building. Refreshments will be served
to visitors in most of ' the headquar
ters. :-.;.-¦" .;.
Sovereign Grand Lodge
Opens Sessions
To-Day.
Inauguration of Odd Fel
lows' Festival Is
at Hand.
ENCAMPMENT
IS WELCOMED
TO THE CITY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO,- 'MOXiiVY, SHI^TEMBER ' 19- !!><«!
TBS THEATEB9.
Alcaza r — "Koatan ." .
California — "Kaza." '
Central— "Fajlcr. by the Way-
Clmtes— Vaufl evllle.
Colombia. — •¦"Wizr.rd oX Oz."
ri*ch«r'B — "SClss Humna."
OrsmA— "Priacssa raa. Tan."
Majestic — "ilio Altar of rriead
ship."
Orpbaxim— Vas'jevills.
" Tivoll — "Ike 3«rci»4e."
The San Francisco Call.
FRIENDSHIP LOVE TRUTHSACRAMENTO. Sept. 18. — John
Crowe, who .for several months has
been employed as a hay. baler for W.
Cress of = Oak : Park, was killed at Sui
sun' to-day by run, over by. a
train. 'Crowe "was ) paid oft yesterday
and was on his way to; visit his folks,
who j reside on Sixth; street, San Fran
cisco.';: He stepped off Tat Suisun- when
the ? train 'stopped at , that town and i in
attempting : to get aboard the train
again" he slipped : and' fell between the
/wheels. ' :--;;¦•:.•¦ ¦ v~~*- y:~\~. •¦ '¦¦
Falls Wliile - Attempting . to . Bojirrt Car
and Wheels; Crush Him - _*f;V".
to Death.
SAX FRAXCISCAX KILLED
-¦":•: -.'- .:':'.• :-"BY:' A' TRAIN AT SUISUX
WIUj SPEXD.THE WHOLE
WINTER IX GREEK WATERS
ATHENS, Sept. 18.— At a luncheon
in honor of .the. officers: of 'the. British
fleet,. Admiral Domville, 'commander
in chief of the Mediterranean station,
announced that the: Whole of the Med
iterranean fleet, 120 vessels/would
shortly be poncentf ated and : spend the
whole " of > the winter J in" Greek • waters.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 18. — Last week
for the first time In the history of the
exposition the' attendance for the six
days exceeded 1,000,000. The total
was 1,027.918. .
Attendance Exceeds 1,000,000.
WILLOWS, Sept. 18. — Yesterday
Judge Plrkey of the Superior Court
committed . to the Insane asylum at
Ukiah Mrs. Catherine Shepard, an
aged woman of this place, whose mind
has been feeble for some time.
Sends Woman to Asylum.
. SOMERSET, Ohio, Sept. IS.— Rev.
Albert Reinhart, aged 38 years, pas
tor of Holy .Trinity Church at Somer
set and editor of ; The Rosary, a church
magazine published by the Dominican
Order, was stricken with paralysis this
morning: Just as he ' had j finished mass
and was still at the altar. He is In a
critical, condition. ' . ¦'::-¦¦ \
Rev. Albert Reinhnrt, Editor of : Tlie
•'- Rosary, " a Dominican Magnzine,
Is In a Critical Condition.
OHIO PRIEST IS STRICKEN
WITH PARALYSIS AT ALTAR
ROME, Sept. is.— Father Agius, the
newly appointed apostolic delegate to
the Philippine Islands, was to-day con
secrated Archbishop of Palmyra. The
ceremony took place in the. Benedic
tine Church of St. Ambrose of Mas
sina, Cardinal Merry del Val officiat
ing, assisted by Archbishop Chappelle
of New Orleans. •
Father. Agius omitted the usual
luncheon; after the ceremony of con
secration, giving instead a" generous
sum for. the poor people of the parish.
Omits Giving Usual Luncheon After
! the Ceremony, but Donates Cost
& ?f£ to the Poor.
FATHER AGIUS CONSECRATED
ARCHBISHOP OF PALMYRA
MARTINSBURG, W. Va., Sept. 18.
An explosion of dynamite under the
house of . Julia White on East Race
street, in which a dance was In prog
ress, killed John Harris, •• colored,
fatally injured Jennie, Smith and in
jured Julia White so badly that ghe
may die. Ernest Holltns and/ John
Thompson are in jail, charged . with
having caused the explosion. , Hollins
was a rival of Harris for the hand of
Jennie Smith and "is said to have
threatened him.' .
For squares around the houses were
shaken, windows "broken and, the
house Itself so badly torn up that It
will have to be destroyed. .
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. '18.— Dur
ing a band concert at Fairmount and
Frank streets to-night a lead pipe load
ed with powder or dynamite ; was ex
ploded with malicious intent, .the po
lice believe, and; Pasqualo Farrito of
53 H*sd3on 7 street and Walter ; Cox, 15
years i old, were probably fatally- in
jured. Rivalry between two bands of
the district is said to , have ; been ¦ the
cause of much ill feeling. - '•, .:.;¦:' ;
Fiendish- Crime Committed in., West
Virginia While a Dance Is In
Progress.
DYNAMITE EXPLODED
UNDER A RESIDEINCE
LAFAYETTE, Ind., Sept.- 13.—.
George Barr McCutcheon, the authoiy
who is visiting in this city, to-day gav»
out a statement in which he admits
that he is the author of "Brewster,'«
Millions." In explanation of tha con
cealment of the author's identity, Mc-
Cufcheon says that it was the result
of a wager with a publisher to the ef
fect that a name of the author has
nothing to do with the sale of a book.
Concealment of Identity the Besulf
of a Wager With »
Publisher.
TROMSOE," Norway, Sept. 18. — W.
S. Chamo, secretary to William Zeig
ler, and who is in charge of the re
lief expedition sent to search for the
Arctic exploration steamship America,
arrived here this afternoon at 1
o'clock on' board the steamship Frith
jof. The Frithjof reached latitude 79
degrees 10 seconds north. Champ, in
a statement given out here, says: t£
"I regret to report my failure to
reach Franzjosefland. The ice condi
tions were insurmountable and the ap
proaching winter and the heavy frost
compelled usto abandon further ef
forts to get north."
Arctic Steamship Frithjof, With Ex
plorer Champ on Board, Re
.yv turns to Norway.
REPORTS HIS FAILURE
TO FIND THE A3IERICA
3IcCUTCHEON THE AUTHOR
OF "BREWSTER'S MILLIONS^
ITHACA, N. Y.. Sept 18.— Through
his friendship for Andrew D. White,
former United States Embassador to
Germany, which lasted a lifetime, the
millions left by Professor Daniel Wil
lard Fiske, who died at Frankfort-on
the-Main to-day, may revert to Cor
nell University.
The death of Fiske recalls the
strange romance of Mrs. Jennie Mc-
Graw-Fiske's will and the bitter liti
gation which it engendered twenty-five
years ago.* The McGraw-Fiske will
contest became famous in legal his
tcry.
ported to Revert to the Ithaca
Institution.
Professor Flske's Millions Are Ex-
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MAY BENEFIT BY DEATH
State Grain Inspector Arrasmith
says the wheat is also much shriveled.
The . farmers are not complaining,
however, as they have been selling at
the top-notch prices that have been
ruling.- . v
TACOMA. Sept. 18.— Washington
has been damaged to the tune of 20
per cent of its total wheat yield and
instead of there being 30,000,000
bushels, as predicted several weeks
ago, the yield will notexceed 25,000,000
bushels. Scarcity of rain for a period
of ten weeks is |responsible for th«
shortage. '¦;¦•
Yield of Northern State Will Be Five
Million Bushels Short Because ,
of Dry W'eather. «
WASHINGTON'S WHEAT CROP
IS DAMAGED BY DROUGHT
ST. LOUIS, Sept. .18. — Three hun
dred and fifty Indians, cowboys and
men representing the troops of vari
ous nations employed with the Cum
mings Wild West show on the Pike at
the-. World's Fair struck to-day and
will leave for their homes. /
* Last Tuesday the show went, into
the hands of a receiver, who put Cap
tain Visser, formerly with the "Boer
World," another show on the^P-ike, In
charge In place of Cummings. !To
day, when the Indiana, cowboys and
soldiers drew their pay, they were
asked to. continue at work under the
new management. This they declined
to do. , ¦- ' ¦._ ' . ¦-¦-.•
Rangemeh Employed With Cummings'
Wild West Show Will Leave
for Home.
STRIKE OF INDIANS AND "
COWBOYS AT THE FAIR
CHICAGO, Sept. 18. — In alarm at
the moral dangers believed to be sur
rounding young women in American
colleges, nine national Greek letter
sororities yesterday started a crusade
in Chicago, aimed at conditions in
every co-educational college in the
United States. Resolutions were
adopted at a meeting In the Victoria
Hotel, declaring, for co-operation
with the faculties of colleges to im
prove social conditions and placing
upon the grand presidents of the
sororities responsibility for the prose
cution of the reform movement.
Mrs. E. Jean Nelson Penfleld of
New York, wife of Judge William
Warner Penfield, as representative of
the Kappa Kappa* Gamma Sorority,
was the moving .spirit at the inter
sorority conference which decided
upon the reform movement.
Protection of Young Womanhood In
the American Colleges Is Its
Object.
GREEK LETTER SORORITIES
START REFORM MOVEMENT
TACOMA, Sept. 18. — Sixty persona
belonging to the "Holy Ghost and U«
Society," the head of which Is Rev. F.
W. Sanford of Shiloh, Me., are prepar
ing to take their departure for Shiloh.
Sanford has ordered his flocks all over
the country to come Immediately ta
his headquarters, declaring that the
persecution of the "Great Red Dragon"
about, to begin will end with tha
elimination of every follower of Christ
on earth, outside of those assembled
at Shiloh. Shiloh, he asserts. Is tha
place In the wilderness referred to la
the Book of Revelations whera '_ tha
man child is to be born.
Sanford has gained much notoriety,
through the belief of his foUoTren
that he is "Elijah, the Prophet." re*
turned to earth.
Calls Followers to Maine to Saw
Them From Persecution of "
"Great Red Dragon."
"ELIJAH, THE PROPHET,"
FEARS FOR HIS FLOCKS
NEW YORK, Sept. 18. — A switch
was left open on the Lackawanna
Railroad to-day and a freight car,
loaded v.-ith oats, plunged through a
three-story brick dwelling and landed
in the cellar. The contents of several
rooms were demolished. A Mr. Snape
was hurled out of bed In the front
room on the second floor and badly
bruised. Without knowing what had
occurred, he rushed to his -wife and
children in adjoining rooms. Mrs.
Snape and their two daughters were
badly shaken and were hysterical from
fright, but a 6-year-old boy slept
soundly through It all. Neighbors for
blocks around were awakened by the
crash.
After Throwing One Occupant Out of
Red and Scaring Others, It
Lands ' in the Cellar.
FllKIGHT CAR CRASHES
THROUGH BRICK BUILDING
Last night Ackerman was carousing
and his faithful wife went out to lead
him home. Failing to find him, she
locked herself in' her, home. Acker
man reached home crazy with liquor,
and procuring a ladder, climbed
through • a -window, choked his wife
almost into insensibility and then
made a murderous attack upon her
with a butcher knife. $ She ! managed
to escape without serious injury.
ALBANY, Ore., Sept. 18. — Suffering
from a deep gash in her shoulder, in
flicted by her drunken husband in a
paroxysm of rage, Mrs. Harry Acker
man has been trying all day to secure
the release of Ackerman. who was
arrested on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon.
Oregon Woman Tries to Secure Re
lease From Jail. of Brutal
Husband.
PLEADS FOR MAN* AVHO
CRUELLY ABUSED HER
The title of Prince Bismarck and the
large fortune of the deceased will go
to his seven-year-old son.'tHto.,
The late Emperor Frederick gave to
Chancellor Bismarck extensive .forests
at -Friederichsruhe, which have since
increased in value, and the Chancellor
gave to Prince Herbert $2,400,000 in se
curities and cash. The estate is now
estimated to be worth $4;000, 000, exclu
sive of thie lands. .I™, :
Since he, ceased to be Foreign Minis
ter on the retirement of his father in
1890 Prince Herbert Bismarck . -had
taken Dart in public affairs only as a
member of the Reichstag.* His attitude
had . been more of a man not appre
ciated by his sovereign and who was
waiting in the background for an op
portunity to resume his career. \
His delivery as a Parliamentary
speaker improved year, by .year. He al
ways declined to join any political
group, steadfastly; calling himself an
independent. His haughty and impe
rious manner in early life, when he
was of .the fact that he
was the son of the 'most powerful
statesman in Europe, softened in later
life. ., • . .
Prince Bismarck's father trained him
for his successor as Chancellor- of the
German Empire . and advanced him
rapidly in the diplomatic service, until
at the age of 40 ", he -was Minister of
Foreign Affairs, in which. position, he
took part in nearly every important
international transaction. •
An incident that nearly, wrecked
Prince Herbert's career and that
caused the old Chancellor great an
noyance was Prince (then Count) Her
bert's elopement with Princess Caro
loath Beuthen, the wife of Prince Karl,
the head of that distinguished Silesian
house. The Princess was of the Hatz
feldt family and young Bismarck at
that time was his father's private sec
retary. Count Herbert lived with the
Princess in Southern Italy, for a few
weeks, and then, at the command of
his father, returned to Germany. The
Princess was divorced^ and has since
died. • , -:%-¦: *
; FRIEpERICHSRUHE, SepT.' /IS.—
Prince Herbert Bismarck died thjjs
morning aV^pil^o^ock." The^end was
painless. '.••>»>;, ' -.- - ¦
SON OF GREAT
BISMARCK HAS
PEACEFUL END
ELIGIN, 111., Sept. 18. — David C.
Cook, the millionaire publisher of re
ligious pamphlets and periodicals, will
vigorously prosecute 17-year-old Myrtle
I Randoll, who is detained at the Elgin
! police station, charged • with attempt
! ing to extort money through threat*
! to blow up Cook's residence and plant
and- to injure his person.
"You may state positively that I
will prosecute," said Cook to-day. "I
have- no malice toward the glrL She
could not carry into execution her
threats against either myillfe or prop»
erty. But 1 am convinced" that I sub
serve, the interests .of the community
when I insist that the prisoner be tried
on the charge and if guilty sentenced
to the proper institution."
SJnce the developments of yesterday
numerous prominent citizens have re
ported cases of attempted extortion to
the police. Their names will not be
made public, although the authorities
make no attempt to deny the fact that
other arrests may follow.
Herbert Randoll, father of the ac
cused .girl, was arrested late last night
on a charge of intoxication. The po
lice will hold him in the belief that
he is implicated in' the acts of his
j daughter. . ¦ '-¦.'•'
David C. Cook of Elgin Says Interests
of Community Demand Attempt
at Blackmail Be Punished.
MILLIONAIRE PUBLISHER
WILL PROSECUTE GIRL
Ways and means— W. I. Brobeck, W.
B. Curtis, E. R. Moss, L. S. Meyer,
Jo J. de Haven, James Rye, J. E.
Streightif, S. Madsen. A. McElhatton,
E. J. Bevan, Elizabeth Shaw, Elizabeth
Watson, Myrtle E. PettingilL .
Press and information — Louis Kra
gen, R. B. Downie, H. H. Dobbin, W.
H. Trautner, R. C. Hall, E. Metzger,
J. J. Phillips, T. S. Williams, F..-W.
Derby, Minnie F. Dobbin, Gertrude J.
Perry, Maria H. Ludlow, Precilla Mon
roe, Marguerette Derby, Marguerette
M. Perry, Mary Mooney, Mary J. Wren,
A. D. Webb, Loretta Perry, Blanche Li
Sanborn, Amy -Webb, Elizabeth Berry,
Eliza J. Lindsay, Lydia Burdick, Laura
Luck. Kate Kimball. Ella Nixon, Ottila
Egging,- Johanna Wehser.
Reception and entertainment of past
officers of Rebekah State Assemblies-^-
Mary A. Hawley, past president;, Olive
T. Allen, past president; Gertrude E.
Moreland, past president; Dell C. Sav
age, past president; Marian Greenwood,
past president; Nellie Mitchell, past
president; Caroline A. Hoxett, past
president. ,
Reception— John Thompson, William
H. Sherburn. J. G. Mvsell, H. F.
Schneider, M. S. Thresher, D. S. Kyser,
T. P. Woodward, H. K. Schroeder, L.
W. S. Downs, J. J. Applegate, S. G.
McDonald, J. F. Chappell, S. Cohn, S.
G. Whitney, A. G. Walker, N. Harvie,
L. C. Mershon, C. R. Thrane, H. W.
Osthoff, G. F*. Winterburn, R. Herring,
E. F. Leonard, P. F. Gosbey, C. M.
Harrison, C. E. Lloyd, J. HI Fraser,
G. G. Moren, C. W. Norcross, T. Mur
ray, Ada M. Patterson, Josephine Wal
worth, Ella Van Court, . Clara Crow
hurst, Emma Grenninger, Sarah M.
Thompson, Jennie Williston, Ada L.
Ballou, Blanche Whiteman, John J. de
Haven, C. L. Ziegler\ James Boyes, M.
Brilliant, H. F. G. Wolff, W. W. Whan,
W. J. Phillips, P. Anderson, L. Schultz,
August Krause, Frederick Fillmore, J.
O. Tucker, R. Lorentz, G. W. Wimmer,
S. P. Grant, Charles Walter, I. E. Jar
rett, F. B. Voorhies, E. W. Schrader,
W. H. Wessling, W. W. de Wintom, J.
H. Thrane, C. T. Carl, James Rye, F.
N. Kellam, J. P. Finar, C. R. Ander
son, W. A. Bootsma, Minnie Simon,
Lottie R. Carson, Allie Parker, Bertha
Proll, Ella Bourne, Floy C. Urquhart,
Charlotte Gibson, Jennie A. Richard
son, Charles E. Post/ F. M. Carson,
Daniel Burnes, C. O. Burton, H. Green
wood, John Deas, G. H: Wilson, H. M.
Stammer, H. F. Maas, G. P. Lovejoy,
John Edwards, O. M. Tuttle, David
Malcolm, A. J. Cleary, W. L. Clark, G.
H. Buck. G. L. .Dennett, J. S. Godeau,
Caleb Brind, C. Roeber, ' H. Mertze,
John McVey, I. C. Morrison', John
Tisch, L. Peter. A. • Hav, 'Elizabeth
Tomkins, George Jones, Elnor North,
Mollie Black, Mary A. Randlett,' Grace
E. McPhail, Leila M. Zeigler, Ada Fos
ter, Lillie Holcomb, Theresa Sommers,
Marie Jorgensen, A. W. Scott Jr.,
George Walcom, T. B. W.' Leland, M.
Wagonor, E. O. Flanders, Theodore
Steiner, S. M. Thompson, Charles
Trautner, W. C. Johnson, T. C. Leary,
E. Salas. J. P. Spooner, E. A^ Holmes,
T. P. Jarvis, A. Mathesen, H. Schwerin,
W. A. Raney. Henry^ Martin, M. A. De
vine, John M. Peterson, E. E. Perry,
S. Madsen, F. J. Bevan, E. Balch, J. E.
Streightif, Harry Rodgers, W. R.
Schnider, J. E. Jacobs, Fannie Li Fine,
Nellie Stickney, Martha H. Swain,
Anna Bock, Mary E. McPhee, ¦ Tillie
Kreig, Gabriel GressT Jessie Moore
house, J. A. Sweet.
Programme — William Crowhurst, B.
E. Underwood, F. D. Macbeth, H. New
burgh, M. T. Moses, E. Thiele, B. F.
Ledford.
Military display— H. O. Brower, E.
H. Black, C. H. Wever. J. K. Ritter, W.
H.. Woodbridge, C. H. Martin, C. H.
Burden. . .. . . _
Prizes— George Kirk, C. H. Cole, C.
H. Kornbeck, G. H. Friermuth, J. L.
Hupman.
Postoffice— Frank E. Smith, E. O.
Flanders, Joseph Grey.
Printing— John Morton, F. R. Parker,
W. R. Dorr.
Music— H. F. Schlichting Jr., H.,L.
Todd, Thomas Tippett, Fred H. Sibe,
G. Moenning.
H. Cousins, H. Newburgh, W. J. Bmck,
G. B. Clifford, Sophia H. Forbes, Laura
Lowrey.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, Sept. 18. — Deny
ing all charges made against her. by
her husband, Blanche ¦ Hancock
Staples, who is defendant in a sen
sational action instituted by Dr.
George Allen Staples for divorce, filed
her answer and cross petition with
the clerk of the courts yesterday. Dr.
Staples, in his complaint, accused his
wife of cruel and inhuman treatment
and ? alleged that she was a cigarette
"fiend," and that by lying in bed until
noon, smoking cigarettes, she set a
bad example for the children.
Mrs. Staples asserts that she learned
the cigarette habits from her husband.
When they visited fashionable cafes
of Europe on their wedding tour they
observed that most of the women
smoked cigarettes, and at her hus
band's request she acquired the habit.
She alleges that it was customary
thereafter for her husband and her
self to smoke cigarettes in their apart
ments, but claims she did not become
so addicted to the habit that stie
might be. cajled. a cigarette. '.'fiend." .
Mrs. Staples, asks for $50,000 ali
mony, and separate maintenance. She
is a daughter of the late . John T.
Hancock, one of the wealthiest whole
sale grocers of Iowa. Dr. Staples'
father was a millionaire.
Dubuque Society Woman's Answer to
Complaint In Divorce
Proceedings.
HUSBAND TAUGHT HER
TO SMOKE CIGARETTES
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The massacre lasted all day. In the
darkness of night the Jews gathered up
the fragments of bodies and buried
them, while the wounded were taken
to the hospitals.
The first information of this massa
cre came to-day in a cable dispatch to
the Jewish Post from its Berlin cor
respondent.
The bodies of those who were riddled
with bullets were left in the street un
til a second mob, carrying knives,
would come along. With their sharp
blades they severed hands, legs and
feet.
A young Jewish woman, who was the
mother of five children, fought desper
ately and pleaded, for her children's
j-ake, that her life be spared. She was
stabbed fifty-eight times and dismem
bered.
The mob fell upon the Jewish quar
ter after sunrise, and wherever it en
countered a Jew it pursued him and
stabbed him in the back or shot him
down, if he was making good his es
cape.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 18.— The
crusades against the Jews have pene
trated to Germany, according to infor
mation obtained to-day, which details
occurrences in Germany rivaling the
deeds of the Jew baiters in Russia.
There was a riot at Sasnovitch one
week ago to-day, in which fifty Jews
were murdered in the streets, the
slaughter occurring coincidentally with
the celebration of the Jewish New
Year. More than 100 Jews were wound
ed, some of them mortally, and atroci
ties of the most bloody character were
committed by the rioters. This news
has been suppressed in Germany.
The riots began at sunrise on Sunday
one week ago and continued until the
rioters were exhausted. The bodies of
the victims were dismembered. The
rioters used axes and knives to chop
off Arms and legs, the severed mem
bers being tossed to the dogs in the
streets. In one instance th^arms of a
sexton of a synagogue were twisted
from his body by his assailants. Those
of the wounded who were carried to the
hospitals were maltreated on reaching
the institutions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"In administering A my office I' shall
remain always within the . law, but
shall perform my. duty and make the
law respected by all. I therefore hope
the Socialists will recommend calm be
havior and avoid deplorable violence
in compromising the cause of liberty."
PARIS. Sept 19.— The Journal's Ge
noa correspondent reports that ha trav
eled to Nice in order to file the follow
ing uncensored dispatch:
"The situation throughout Italy }a
most serious. At Rome the Council
of Ministers has called out two classes
of reserves In order to reinforce the
authorities. Premier GloUttl has post
poned a journey to Racconlgl, which
he had Intended to make, for the pur
pose of extending his . personal con*
gratulations on the birth of the Crown
Prince. At Porto NovO crowds of peo
ple stopped the railway trains, ' many;
children lying down before the engines.
The troops were powerless. One per
son was killed and several were bad
ly hurt In a collision with soldiers at
Genoa, where the strikers prevented
the departure of trains. Railway tracks
were also torn up near Rlvarolo.' Na
trains left Milan Sunday night."
' ROME, Sept. 18.— The Mayor of Turin
has telegraphed Slgnor Glolittl, presi
dent of the Council and Minister of
the Interior, in the name of the So
cialist Aldermen of Turin, expressing
the desire of the workingmen that In
tervention of troops in peaceful con
flicts between capital and labor b«
avoided. Slgnor Giolittl Immediately
replied by telegraph that for three
years, as Minister of the Interior, ha
had constantly supported the princi
ple of absolute liberty of workingmen
to strike and that it was not the duty
of the Government to intervene, and,
adding that he intended to follow the
same principles while he remains in
power. The Minister continues:
"The painful facts are to be regret
ted by all that in one case soldiers used
their arms In self defense after being
attacked and wounded, and In another
Instance acted without orders from
their superiors. . Thererore these sol
diers have been put at the disposal of
the Judicial authorities while an In
quiry is going on to ascertain the re
sponsibility for. the occurrences."
Signor Giolitti'a dispatch ended as
follows; . ..i." . r "*. . " . ', . -.* , '.
One Person Killed and Sey
eral Badly Hurt in a Collis
ion With Soldiers at Genoa
During Attacks on Trains
Bodies Are Dismembered
by the Frenzied Assassins
and the Fragments Cast to
the Dogs in the Streets
Mrs. Beaglehole Is quite well known
throughout California and Nevada. A
few years ago she gained considerable
notoriety by her actions regarding
foundlings. A child she had in her
possession was taken from her in Reno
by California authorities because of
the manner she is alleged to have
treated it.
Lamb came here from Truckee sev
eral months ago, made the acquaint
ance of Mrs. Beaglehole and after
promising to marry her, borrowed
money, from her. To-night, when she
realized that she had been deserted,
she fainted. It is not so much the
money,' she says, as it Is the deception
of Lamb.
RENO, Sept. 18.— C A. Lamb, who
until last week was the proprietor of
the'Nevada Steam Laundry, one of the
largest in Reno, and who was in good
standing in the community, has left
town. He is supposed , to have fled
yesterday, on the eve of his wedding
to Mrs. H. Beaglehole, a well-to-do
widow. With him he took more than
$1000 belonging to the woman. He has
gone east and it is reported a young
lady from Carson City accompanied
him.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— "The day is not
far off when antitoxin treatment will be
employed as effectively in curing'scar
let fever as it now is in the cure of
diphtheria." . .."¦'¦¦,"¦•
This prophecy was made last evening
by Dr. Theodore Escherich,, professor of
diseases of children 1 in the University
Of Vienna, and recognized as an author
ity on the subject. He was addressing
an audience of Chicago physicians and
laymen in' the first of a series of popu
lar science lectures "planned to be given
weekly this autumn and winter. .
Dr. Escherich described the researches
which have been in progress during the
last two years in Vienna to discover a
cure for scarlet fever. Upon the results
of more than 100 experiments with se :
rum taken from inoculated animals
the Austrian scientist baaed his claims
for the antitoxin treatment.
"It is not absolutely proved," he said,
"that a cure has yet been found. The
results of the experiments, however,
have been striking, and It has been
demonstrated beyond' doubt that the
injection of inoculated serum Into scar
let fever patients invariably checks the
progress of. the disease."
In cases where the disease had not
progressed " beyond the second day, Dr.
Escherich declared, the antitoxin treat
ment had been entirely successful. In
some instances the fever had been re
duced within four hours after the in
jection.' •
"The beneficial results of the anti
toxin treatment also varied," said Dr.
Escherich, "with the period of the dis
ease at, which the serum was injected.
Those" treated earlier responded more
readily. Out of fifteen cases treated
on the first or second day no deaths re
sulted. Three deaths out of fifteen re
sulted from the fourth-day treatment,
and* eight deaths out of fifteen from
the fifth-day treatment."
Two days later a letter came for
him during his absence. It was from
the prospective stepmother and the
children destroyed it. Their father
learned of this and when he came
home Friday night he told his two lit
tle girls that he was going to kill them
and that they must say their , prayers.
He did not carry out the threat and
when he got to sleep the two girls got
the ax and chopped his head off.
The crime has caused great excite
ment, as the murdered man was
prominent in the community in which
he lived. The two little girls are
pretty and intelligent.
MARLIN. Tex., f Sept. 18. — The mys
tery surrounding the murder of C. S.
Stewart, a farmer living eight miles
south of here, was cleared .to-day by
the confessions of his two little
daughters, aged 11 and 13 years, that
they committed the crime. • •:;.•,•
The body of Stewart was found yes
terday afternoon, the alarm being
given by his daughters. He was lying
on. a cot on the porch of his residence..
The head had been severed from the
body with a sharp ax. The girls
claimed at first that they heard no
noise during the night and that 'they
did not know who killed their father.
Their bloody clothing caused suspicion
to be pointed at them and as a result
of a sharp questioning they confessed.
According to the * story of the little
girls, their father was about to re
marry, their mother being dead. They
objected to him bringing a stepmother
to their home. ,
Spaclal Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ENCAMPMENT WELCOMED TO CITY
The company recently reincorporated
tc cover about 200 miles of* westerly ex :
tensions, which it is thought might
prove valuable to the Western Pa
cific
The property which the Western Pa
cific seeks to acquire consists chiefly -of
franchises and thirteen miles of rail
road, extending from Salt Lake City
to the shore of the Great Sale Lake.
The franchises cover a right of way
into the city to a connection with the
Rio Grande Western tracks and a lease
of trackage from the Oregon Short
Line's old station. The right of way
extends along the beach and around
the south shore of the lake.
SALT LAKE CITY, Sept. 18.— The
Western Pacific Railroad Company has
offered the sum of $750,000 for the Salt
Lake and Los Angeles Railroad and
the Saltair Beach property, according
to the Tribune. The offer was refused
by the owners, whp have determined to
hold out for a million dollars. The
railroad and beach pavilion are said to
have cost about $2S7,tf&0 ten years ago.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— Back, from
their European cruise and by way of
Meriemshe Bight, where, since their
return, the ships have been engaged in
target work, the four battleships of
the North Atlantic .fleet . reached this
port to-day— the Kearsarge, the Ala
bama, the Maine and the Missouri.
The fleet* consists of the most powerful
battleships afloat and withal the most
pretentious armada . which this coun
try, has ever^ent abroad. v The other
two battleships, the Illinois and the
Iowa, are still on the target grounds,
but are expected to arrive Vwithln a
day or ' so.
, The fleet brought the story of a
great cyclone encountered at , sea.
Early on Thursday morning, when the
barometers gave warning of the ap
proaching'storm, the fleet was well
scattered along the south of the island,
the Kearsarge (flagship), the battle
ships Alabama, Texas and Maine and
the gunboat- Scorpion well together,
fhe battleships Iowa and Illinois some
six miles to the eastward.
Along toward early daylight the flag
ship sent wireless messages to the fleet
to get up steam and be ready to move
at a moment's warning.
. The Texas had her steam cutter low
ered and so heavy had been the groan
ing rollers — precursor of a storm — that
it had been found impossible to hoist
it. Captain Swinburne ordered that
life lines be flung to the men in the
boat and through a megaphone they
were ordered to tie the lines about
their bodies and jump. They obeyed
and one after another were hauled on
board, a bit bruised and half drowned.
One of the Missouri's men was swept
overboard from the. forecastle. He was
ordinary seaman Cecil Clay Young.
Life buors were immediately thrown
over, but the man, loaded down by his
oilskins/was unable to reach the buoys,
which were rapidly drifting to leeward.
Young * was a native of Marseilles,
Ohio, where his father lives. A wire
less message announcing his death was
sent by Captain Cowles to the fleet.
The hurricane is described by those
who went through it as the most vio
lent they had • ever encountered. A
mighty sea would smite one of the
heavy battleships and she would dis
appear to. her" funnel tops in spray,
"shake the water out of her eyes," as
one expressed it, and - take - another
plunge. . • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eueclat Dispatch to The Call,
PREMIER POSTPONES
VISIT TO THE KING
Older of Juvenile Murderers
¦ Is Thirteen and iTer Sis
ter* Is Eleven Years
Dr. Escherich Believes Time.;
Nears When the Malady j
Will Be Fully Conquered
Ordinary Seaman. Cecil Clay
Young of the Battleship
Missouri Is Drowned
Proprietor of Reno Laundry
Is Said to Have Preferred
Lo\e of Carson Young Lady
MAN LOST OVERBOARD
LEAVES FOR THE EAST
Western Pacific Is Trying
to Acquire a Right of
Way Into the Utah City
ORIGINAL COST §287,000
Situation Throughout Italy
Most Serious and Military
Is Needed to Eeinforce
Civil Authorities at Eome
V IFTY MUBDERED
MANY- WOUNDED
Horrible Crimes of Rus
sian Mobs Outdone by
the Kaiser's Subjects in
the Town of Sasnovitch
CHECKS THE DISEASE
Salt Lake and Los Angeles
EaOroad Said to Have lle
fused §750.000 for Property
North Atlantic Warships En
counter Terrific Storm
While Homeward Bound
Two Little Texas Girls Pre
vent Parent
by Chopping Off His Head
MAKE FULL CONFESSION
Eminent- Austrian Specialist
Tells of the Success of
the Antitoxin Treatment
Wins Woman's Love, Bor
rows Savings and Departs
on Eve of the Wedding
MASSACRE
OF HEBREWS
IN GERMANY
MINISTERS
CALL OUT
RESERVES
WILL HOLD OUT
FOR A MILLION
DECAPITATE
THEIR FATHER
GAY DECEIVER
FOOLS WIDOW
OCEAN CYCLONE
BUFFETS FLEET
SCARLET FEVER
PATIENTS CURED
THE SAN FRANCISCO *: CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER *19, 190*.
', .;•-. We are ."selling, agent's ''for .'."The Water
man Ideal' Fountain Pen" and sole agents
fbr> "The -Marshall;" the best$I* fountain
pen' In: the world. ¦• Sanborn,^Vail & Co.,
: 241 /Market street,' - "¦'¦'. ¦'¦" v ¦ '¦' : ::^ !.*¦/-..
BUENOS AYRES,, Sept. 18.—Ac
cording -to dispatches , received here,"
the revolutionists . of Paraguay 'J are
concentrating their land , forces at
towns ' parallel with the?, railway and
have cut off supplies and communica
tion with-i Asuncion. It .is evident
that the revolutionists are' planning
to make an early". attack upon, .the cap
ital or, to- starve the Government into
submission." " ' ; "'¦"*;;:,;•
PARAGUAYAN REBELS ARE . . J
CONCEyTRATING FORCES
V PORTLAND. Sept. 18.— -The regular
September term of the United States
Circuit . Court ] of Appeals will com
mence-In- .this city to-morrow, % with'
Judge -William W. Morrow .of ; San
Francisco,' E. M. /Ross of; Lob Angelea
and William D. Gilbert of Portland on
the bench/ As 'decisions will ' be .ren
dered : in -crises heard at the , last: ses
sion of the court: and new. actions are
to be heard,' many of which have not
been : docketed, it is not : known ]how
much: time.. this session. will consume.
Ready to Hear Appeals.
2
ADVEKTISES1EXTS.
A Companion
A "delightful little traveling compan-
ion. Indispensable to many who travel,
are the -•"Little Comforters" — Dr. llllea"
Anti-Pain Pills. By their soothing in-
tlu<-nce upon the nerves of the brain and
stsrr.ach, they prevent, dizziness, sick
sfromach and headache — car sickness.
Dr. Miles' . '
Anti-Pain Pills
Cure all kind* of paln^ quick and sure,
nro perfectly harmless and do not affect
you in. any. way, except to soothe the
ji^rvo* and cure pain.. For real comfort
never enter upon a' Journey without first
s<.-curin»r a package of these "Little Com-
. "I am pleased to recommend Dr. Miles"
Anti-Pain Pills. They 'not only cured a
chronic hradaehe. but since, if my head
nhoa-s a disposition to ache, one Tablet
stops it. I give hundreds of ;them to
fiufferers on trains, and derive, much sat-
1sfactl"n from the relief the^.- afford." —
M..H. CHAIiTUS, Traveling .Salesman,
St. I»uis,.Mo. • . .' *ti •*"::'•* •" .
The first package will benefit.— MT -not,
Uie -drusrgist will return your, money. ••:
26 doses, 25 cents.' Never gold in bulk.
A Wrdless Message <S%
~18$ -¦"¦¦ '^c^-^m ¦ ft
¦mkj^^^^Kk I if - :
\JL $12.00 and Upward
¦ ' - ' "' ' • • ~ • • !***<•«**¦ »«i» at* wf
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC. CO,
'- \ . -M5 POST STREET^ • - • - . .*Story That Accused Man Elided His
- Life in Southern California Can
not Bo Verified.
RUMOR. OF A. -A. RRATZ'S
SUICIDE REACHES -CITY
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— C. E. Gard
ner, president of the Board of Trade of
Jacksonville, Fla., and owner of a line
of steamships between Jacksonville and
Tampa,' went to the police station to
night to look Into the-case of Mr. and
Mrs.* William Bertram, who are on
their way to Lakeport.". Cal., in search
of their kidnaped daughter. The cou
ple," who r haven't a cent except* what
Captaln ; Cotrell gave them, asserted, on
Saturday night that they would go to
California ; if they had to .walk.; Cap
tain ;l Cotrell' sent them to a lodging
house * on Saturday night, but neither
he ; nor Gardner coufd , find • them ; Jast
night, j Gardner said that he would pay
their fare West if , he 'could find them.
Couple Stranded in ¦ Florida Believe
• Kidnaped Daughter Will be
• Found' in" Lukcport.
COMING TO CALIFORNIA
IN SEARCH OP- CHILD
Mr. Costello was born in Rathkeale,
County Limerick. Ireland, and came
to this country when a young man. He
was for many 3'ears employed by the
United Statc3 Government as a civil
engineer, and later was the New York
representative of O'Connor," Moffatt &
Co. On «Jhe death of Mrs. Bryan
O'Connor in 1890 he was elected presi
dent of the firm and removed to this
city. He leaves a brother. '- James M.
Costello, three sons and a daughter.
William Costello, president of the
well-known dry goods firm of O'Con
nor, Moffatt.& Co.. died at midnight
at his home in this city. Mr. Costello
was 72 years old and had been In good
health up to four days ago, when he
was stricken wHh pneumoniaT Drs.
Gallwey and Dailey were called and
did everything possible for the aged
man, but were unable to Have his life.
Mrs. Gould paid off the indebtedness
on the church, and to commemorate her
generous action services have been ar
ranged. They commenced to-day and
will last until next Sunday..
PORT •WASHINGTON. L. I., Sep. 18.
Holding in her hand a golden candle
stick In which burned a lighted candle.
Mrs. Howard Gould to-day set flre "to
the mortgage on the First Methodist
Eplscop'al Church in this village. The
church, was crowded to the doors with
members of the congregation and vis
itors.
TAKES BURDEN OF CHURCH
AND" BURNS THE MORTGAGE
DEATH CLAIMS
WM. COSTELLO
Gas Cor : Beaeh Resorts.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— Los An
geles will soon be supplying illuminat
ing gas for domestic use to all the con
tiguous beach resort*!. -To-morrow work
will begin on: a pipe line to be laid be
tween this city and Long Beach, a dis
tance, of twenty-four miles, through
which gas will be sent at 200 pounds
pressure. The pipe will be of steel and
the line completed will cost $200,000. The
stockholders of the company recently
authorized a bonded indebtedness of
$4,000,000, and of this $3,500,000 Is to be
expended within the next two years in
extending the mains.
BERLIN. Sept. . IS.— The publication
of the draft'of the treaty between
Great Britain a nd 'Tibet has made' "a
startling impression here. It is rec
ognized by the Germans that the treaty
practically 'makes Tibet a vassal state
of India. .The Lokal Anzeiger says
British India. Is now safe both from
the ' danger "of Chinese invasionCand
the; extension "of Russian Influence^ com
ing, from the west and north. . Besides,
iri: the minds of hundreds of millions
of Buddhlsts, : the '¦"•position 1 of '•England
is enormously,' strengthened because , In
her hands rest, the • destinies of the
country 'of the Dalai , Lama.
LASSA, Friday, Sept. 16.— The de
parture of the British expedition "has
been fixed for September 23. The
weather is already cold and there has
been hard freezing. The men are illy
supplied with winter, clothing and are
likely to suffer in crossing the passes
on the way to Gyangtse, where' there
are some stores of warm clothing. '. *
By the Emperor's order the Chinese
Ambaii has proclaimed the Tashi
Lama of Shigatse to succeed to the
spiritual authority of the Dalai Lama.
The proclamation records at length
the shortcomings; of 'the* Dalai Lama,
ending with his flight, and adds that
her will not be permitted to intervene
in any civil affairs. It is understood
that if he continue contumacious this
temporary disposition will be made
permanent. '
Special Dispatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— Mrs. Mary T.
Thatcher, 48 years old, wife of George
W. Thatcher, the minstrel, committed
suicide to-night in her home in One
Hundred and Sixth street by inhaling
gas. She was said to have suffered
from a nervous trouble. Mrs. Thatcher
inherited $50,000 only a few months
ago from an uncle in Philadelphia.
Minstrel's Wife Commits Suicide.
Hi g'li Priest of Tibet Is
Shorn of His- Power by
an Order of the Emperor
ENDS THE RULE
OF DALAI LAMA
Adjudged by alienists to be a para
noiac of a clearly established type,
Stephani has, ,by shrewdness, luck and
an almost uncanny intuition, made a
success in Wall-street investments,
building up from a comfortable
nucleus a bank account that overtops
that of many manipulators. •
DANNEMORA, Sept. IS.— rAlphonse
J. Sttphani. civilly dead, but finan
cially very much alive, was informed
to-day that the appraisement of his
mother's estate means an addition to
his fortune of about $100,000,- making
this murdere.r patient the possessor of
at least $250,000. He is serving a life
sentence for the killing of Clinton G.
Reynolds, a New York attorney, in
IS 90, and was transferred from Sing
Sing to .the Dannemora Insane
Asylum.
lates in Stocks With Remark
able Success.
Man Held in Insane Asylum Specu-
WALL STREET "VENTURES
" ENRIC T A .URDERER
ROYSTON, Ga., Sept. IS. — John
Ware, a negro, was lynched in Frank
lin County for having fatally shot C:
Y. Daniel, a son of George Daniel of
Danlelsville, to-day.
Young Daniels* and the negro had
some words over a trivial matter. It is
said the negro, becoming greatly en
raged and swearing that no white man
could "run over" him, drew a pistol
and shot Daniel.
The news of the shooting quickly
spread and a crowd began gathering,
many leaving church to join in the
search for the negro. ' Ware was cap
tured early in theafternoon, and, while
being hurried «to Carnesville by the
Sheriff, was overtaken \ by the mob.
He was taken from the Sheriff and
hanged to a tree.
Takes Colored Prisoner From > the
Sheriff and Hangs Him
'£')?:¦ to a. Tree. •
GEORGIA MOB LYNCHES
NEGRO FOR A SHOOTING
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The discov
ery of vandalism at the tombs of the
Harrison family, on Cemetery Island
and at Echo Bay, near New Rochelle,
developed to-day a remarkable mys
tery. The ghouls • who tore open the
catacomb containing or supposed to
contain the body of old David Harrison
found not the bones of the eccentric
old millionaire, but those pf a woman.
So states Dr. J..H. Brennan, who ex
amined the skeleton and who shows as
ocular proof portions of a skull from
which long red tresses hang. One thick
strand two feet long was exhibited to
night.
Who made the substitution is a mys
tery. Valuabje ' Jeweiry was supposed
to have been burled with Harrison in
1S7S. ¦ r.*jiW
WORK OF GHOULS REVEALS
A CASE OF SUBSTITUTION
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18. — William
Hartman fell into a vat of boiling
lampblack ' at the plant of the Los
Angeles Gas and Electric Company
yesterday and before he was pulled
out was so badly scalded that he will
die. His screams of agony rang out
above the noise and traffic of Aliso
street and attracted the attention of
many passersby, in addition to the
workmen at the place. Two of the
latter, who ran to the unfortunate
man's rescue, also were badly burned.
Hartman was employed as a brick
press operator, and one of his duties
was to keep the water flume to the
mixing tanks clean. While aV.?nding
the flume Hartman lost his footing and
fell into one of the tanks. The man's
flesh was scalded frightfully before he
could be extricated. In falling Hart
man managed to keep his face clear of
the fiery liquid, but he was immersed
nearly up to the waist and turned
partially on his back.
Receives Burns Tliat Probably Will
Cause Death — Rescuers Are
Badly Scalded.
WORKMAN FALLS INTO VAT
OF BOILING LAMPBLACK
ST. PETERSBURG. Se r *t. 19— The
<liEarmi»!jc cf the Lena at Mare Island
Is accoptod h»rp as having been in
rvitaLlc. In view of the considerable
Jongth of i5rr.« required to repair, the
vessel's i'oiler^ The Rues editorially
points out that the Un'led States'
declaration of neutrality expressly
provides for vessels of 'a belligerent
l>ovcir using American ports for need
ful repairs, but admits th*t llnsfcla
could scarcely expect to be allowed to
keep a. warship eight months in a
neutral port without disarming.
The Bourre Gazette, in this connec
tion, recnlls the fact that a Russian
f!»et put in and wjis repaired at Mare
Island In 1S76. just before the Turk
ish war. and adds the remark that th.*
repairs proved costly but thorough.
Dismantles of the Cruiser Lena Con
sidered Inevitable.
"The Japanese, having crossed, did
not preps the pursuit of the retreating
Kuf,sians. It is impossible to refrain
from rerr.a.rkins? on the pusillanimous
flight of the Russians from the ad
vanc*-d trenches. I heard a foreign at
tache say it made him ashamed of
v.hlle men."
RUSSIA NOT COML'LALVIXG.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The Times' cor
respondent with General Kuroki, in a
dispatch dated Liaoyang, September 7,
at the conclusion of a long account of
the battle there, 6ays:
"General Kuroki's flank movement
failed, owing to the tactics of General
Kuropatkin, who trusted that half of
his army wouia suffice to hold the
Japanese south of the Taitse River.
His forces were fo strongly posted and
he possessed such a secure line of re
treat, that the soundness of the course
adopted must appeal to the tacticians.
In any case it upset the calculations
of the Japanese, who counted upon
comparatively feeble resistance to their
flanking movement.
"There are indications to show that
vhile the Russians contemplated a de
termined effort at check, they feared
throwing down the gauntlet and fight
ing: a pitched battle. They had very
•mail reserve supplies at Liaoyang,
trusting to the railway for supplies.
The proof of this is that they left
practically nothing for the Japanese,
who captured sufficient to supply their
army for only one day.
"After the Russian retirement to the
•t»t bank of the river their position
presented a scene of carnage unparal
leled in European warfare.
"A remarkable feature of the fight
ing on the flank was the evidence that
th*» Japanese proved the value of thin
lines as compared with heavy conti
tental formation. The Russians' lack
cf dash was due to prudence against
Jeopardizing their retirement."
An earlier dispatch describing the
passage of the Tan River by the Jap
anese* on August 23, concludes thus:
Kuropatkin Wou- Not Risk Pitched
Battle at Liaoyang.
EXPECTED TO RETREAT.
Everybody, regardless of political af
filiation, agrees to-night that no defi
nite settlement has been reached as
to the nomination for Governor. It
is conceded that, so far as actual
pledged delegates are concerned, John
B. Stanehfield of Elniira has the lead.
The name of Edward M. Shepard of
Brooklyn Is prominently named by
many of those here to-night. Assembly
man George M. Palmer of Schoharie
is mentioned for Lieutenant Governor.
The Tammany men name four men,
any one of whom would be acceptable
to Tammany Hall. They* are Shepard,
Palmer, Judge D. Cady Herrick of Al
bany and Judge William J. Gaynor of
Brooklyn. They express themselves as
opposed to .Stanehfield and equally so
to Comptroller Edward M. Grout, who
is likely to be favored by Senator Me-
Carren and the Kings County organi
zation and certain upstata^leaders.
HIS TWENTY SONS WILL VOTK.
North Dakotan Pledges Bunch of Bal
lots to Roosevelt.
ELLENDALE, N. Dak.. Sept. IS. —
William Mock, a well-known resident
of Ellendale, denies the claim that Ab
ner H. Coville of Newmarket./N. J., is
the head -of the largest "Roosevelt
family" in the country. Covllle has
seventeen sons who" will vote for
Roosevelt, while Mock's twenty sons
and three sons-in-law will vote in a
body for the President, as they did in
1900 for McKinley. Mock had three
other sons, who are dead.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. IS.—Al
though there are many well known
Democrats here to-night the absence
of somo of the foremusi leaders, \\ho
will be most influential in the seiec
t!on of the ticket to be nominated at
the Democratic State Convention which
will begin here at noon on Tuesday,
prevents the situation taking any defi
nite form.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 13.— Traveling
alone all the way from Fort Collins,
Colorado, to Los Angeles, expecting
soon to become a bride. Miss Charlotte
Burton, a graduate in medicine from
an Eastern university, reached this
city only in time to attend the funeral
of her betrothed. Instead of making
a. bridal wreath of the ever blooming
flowers of this clime she set herself
to work yesterday to weave a funeral
pall of smllax and roses and the shroud
of flowers which she made was used
to-day to cover the coffin of her be
trothed. She would permit no one to
assist her and she herself placed it
on the casket and then, while taking
a last look at the face she loved, she
fainted. She is now under the care
of a physician.
Her lover was Roy S. Lumry, super
intendent of linemen of the Los An
geles Electric Company. He and Miss
Burton had been schoolmates in the
East and less than ten days ago he
sent for her. They were to have been
married under the trees in the yard of
a home which he had prepared for his
bride. She telegraphed that she had
started and he went to work. That
mcrnlng, before he had been at work
an hour, he was killed by contact with
a live wire.
Sceclai Dispatch to The Call
Has the Most Pledged
Delegates in the Democrat
ic Convention in New York
Colorado Woman Who Came
to Los Angeles to Be Mar
ried Finds Lover a Corpse
SAGHALJEN, Sept. IS.— Captain
Schultz and some other officers of the
cruiser Novik. which war. sunk after
the sortie from Port Arthur, have ar
rived at Alexander station. They were
entertained i<t tho cfub and received
with the greatest enthusiasm every
where. The crew left "on September 13.
Cruiser Novik's .Crew Is Safe.
"The destruction of the coast de
fense vessel Gremiashchi by striking
a mine is confirmed."
"Two Germans and a. Cossack, who
have arrived here from Port Arthur,
assert that General Kuropatkin tohl
-Lieutenant General Stoessel that he
must hold out until January and they
say that the garrison has ammunition
and food for six months. This prob
ably is greatly exaggerated.
"Other refugees say that no fresh
meat is left at Port Arthur and that
the garrison there is reduced to S00O
men. Boys as young as 13 years have
been impressed for hospital work.
LONDON. Sept. 19. — The Daily Tel
egraph's Chefu correspondent says:
Port Arthur Refufeccs Deny That Ga*»
rfisoi: Has plenty of Supplies.
NO FRESH M HAT LEFT.
STANCHFIELD
IS IN THE LEAD
CHEFU, Sept. 18.— Lojal students of
the military situation at Port Arthur,
basing their deductions upon recent de
velopments there, " are of the opinion
that another grand assault eit\er is oc
curring at. the present time or is im
minent. • This opinion is )*ased on the
very heavy bombardmer.c of the Rus
sian stronghold that occurred on Sep
tember 16, for sue*, a bombardment
forms the usual prjlude. to an assault;
on the arrival h*:re of Important mes
sengers from I J ort Arthur, at a time
when the running-of the blockade Is ex
tremely per!ioils; on a recent authorita
tive statement that the Japanese siege
works are completed,' and on reports
from Japanese sources that at Port
Dalny an assault was expected to take
place In a few days.
In addition to the foregoing there Is
the common. knowledge that the Japa
nese believe that their continued in
activity increases the resisting power
of tho Russian garrison, and they de
sire to make such period of inactivity
as brief as possible.
Belief That Besiegers Have Begun a
General Assault.
CHEFU. Sept. IS.— Chinese. Russians
and Japanese here all agree that the
Japanese vessels blockading Port Ar
thur are paying particular attention to
Junks, which for months past have
been trying to smuggle dispatches and
supplies Into the fortress, and that
when caught the crews are roughly
treated. The junks generally are sunk
and the men on board taken into Port
Dalny. By. mistake the Japanese sank
a junk that was carrying delicacies to
General Nogi from an admirer, but a
part of the cargo was recovered. Gen
eral Nogi commands the Japanese be
siegers.
Russian civilians who have reached
here from Port Arthur say that canned
corn beef is plentiful there and that the
fresh meat supply consists of twelve
horse3 slaughtered daily. Life in the
town when no bombardment is going
on proceeds much as it did in times
of peace. Church services are held "as
usual in the dismantled church, and the
band follows the former custom of
playing in public twice a week.
All of the Russians here agree that
the Japanese do not occupy any fort on
the inner line of defenses. The forts
which were damaged have been re
paired almost during the comparative
quiet of the last eighteen days. These
Russians do not believe that the Japa
nese will succeed in taking the fortress.
BATTLE MAY NOW BE RAGING.
Japanese Fall to Penetrate the Inner
Line of Defenses.
RUSSIANS HOLD ALL FORTS.
DEATH ARRIVES
BEFORE BRIDE
GAUDALAJARA. Mexico. Sept. 18.
Governor Pedro Arguelles of the State
of Tamaulipas has issued an order
prohibiting the practice of kissing
sacred pictures and images in the
churches in that State.
The order is the. result of investiga
tions by the health authorities, which
determined that contagious diseases
were transmitted through indulgence
In the practice.
PROHIBITS THE KISSING
OP SACRED PICTURES
The same correspondent describing
thr» scenes at Tie Pass notes extraor
dinary animation there. The great con
<ouryo of visitors there and the fact
that theatrical performances and open
air concerts are of dally occurrence
hardly indicate that the town is ex
l"<Ung an immediate attack.
Dispatches from Vladivostok and
Baghallea make no mention of develop
menta there. The citizens of Vladi
vostok scout the idea of a siege, and
many are returning from their country
villas. The long-promised Japanese
operations against Raghalien and Vlad
ivostok, *\ hich were expected to act as
a diversion for General Kuroki's ad
vance, are not yet in sight.
Meanwhile indications increase of the
probability of the Japanese meeting
Tvlth resistance. The Russian forces
at Mukden undoubtedly are very large,
and every day's delay enables the com
mander in chief to perfect his defenses.
A private telegram from Mukden re
ports the arrival there of an immense
train filled with convalescents return
ing to duty. This may be regarded as
po.»d evidence of a large concentration
of troops at Mukden.
MUKDEN, Sept. 18.— The armies
having recovered from the effects of
the recent fighting before Liaoyang,
«.n early development of the situation
may be expected. A mysterious move
ment eastward is on foot on the part
of bands of Chinese suitable for mili
tary service. All the leading young
Chinese who have aided the Russians
are leaving Mukden.
BT. PETERSBURG. Sept. 18.—Gen
eral Eakharoff has reported to the gen
eral EtaS, under date of September 17:
"The Manchurian army was nowhere
engaged on September 16 or 17. The
arrival of considerable reinforcements
Is noticeable at the advance positions
along the whole of the enemy's front,
and especially near the village of
Biantupuza and east of the railway
toward the Yentai mines."
It Is announced from Mukden that
both the Russians and Japanese gen
erals have promir-d to respect the
tombs and palace there.
ST. PETERSBRG. Sept. 19, 2 a. m.—
The reports that General Kuroki is
pushing on northeast of Mukden are
not borne out by official telegrams that
have been received here. According to
the latest advices the Japanese forces
continue to increase at Bianiupuza and
Tental. A decisive advance in the di
rection of Mukden, therefore, is not ex
pected to occur for some days.
'LONDON, Sept. 19.— It is asserted in
a dispatch from Tokio to the Express
that the Japanese are vigorously shell
ing the Russian positions at Mukden,
preparatory to a general advance, and
endeavoring, by a wide turning move
ment, to cut off General Kuropatkln's
retreat. The Japanese armies, the dis
patch adds, are disposed in the same
relative positions as In the fighting be
fore Liaoyang-.
TOKIO, Sept. IS.— Marquis Cyama,
commander in chief of the Japanese
forces in the field, telegraphed this
morning that General Oku had re
ported having eaptureG thirteen pris
oners at the battle of Liaoyanr. He
also gave a detailed list of the Rus
sian stores which General Okuu cap
tured, as follows: Thirty horses, 2288
rifles, 127 ammunition wagons. 5832
rounds artillery, 639,930 small arms
cartridges, great quantities of timber,
flour, rice,' forage, engineering imple
ments, clothing, and accoutrements.
Marquis Oyama reports that the
armies under Generals Kuroki and Nod
zu made no- prisoners in the fighting
before Liaoyang. General Kuroki cap
tured forty horses. S00 rifles, '300 rounds
of artillery and 600,000 rounds of rifle
ammunition, telegraph apparatus and
various miscellaneous implements.
General Nodzu captured 490 rifles,
The question of the disposal of the
Lena's crew is > no nearer a solution.
so far as the Admiralty and the For
eign Office are concerned, than it was
before, both those departments being
closed on Sunday.
Similar results, the Bourse Gazette
adds, might have been expected in the
case of the Lena.
11G-1 rounds of artillery and 37,530
rounds of rifle ammunition, three heli
ographs, telephones, luuls and lar;a
quantities of foodstuffs and timber.
General Oku captured sufficient tim
ber to construct railroad depots."
BAR HARBOR. Maine, SeDt. IS.—
The Russian embassy here has re
ceived the following communication
from the general staff at St. Peters
burg:
"The official report of Marshal Oyama
regarding the occupation of Liaoyang
after a severe fight is not exact, as
Oyama could not name any quantity
of prisoners or guns captured by his
troops, ard without this his dispatch
would appear too meager for the Jap
anese public, which was awaiting news
*>f immense spoil having been captured
to atone for the tremendous losses sus
tained in the battle by the Japanese
anny. The Japanese commander in
chief invents the following facts: Two
old railway cars and several broken
up commissary wagons are referred' to
by Oyama as 'an immense supply of
provisions and railway material'; sev
eral empty ammunition boxes are des
ignated as *a great quantity of ammu
nition left by the Russians in the en
trenchments and forts." As to the 'dum
dum bullets.' they are simply our well
known apocopated revolver bullets."
Among the heaps of dead the Prince
saw two soldiers, one a Russian and
the other a Japanese, lying locked in
a death embrace. The teeth of the Jap"
anese were sunk in the Russian's
throat, while the Russian had forced
two of his fingers into the eye-sockets
Prince Radzivil declares that the
men of both armies are absolutely
venomous in their antagonism. Lieu
tenant General Stoessel has addressed
his garrison, saying that the present
mood of the Japanese indicates
clearly the necessity of resisting
them to the last drop of Russian
blood, because if the Japanese sol
diers entered the fortress, it undoubt
edly would be impossiblcfor their of
ficers to control them and prevent a
massacre. For this reason Lieutenant
General Steossel is making no objec
tion to civilians leaving Port Arthur.
When the 300 women who are in Port
Arthur, engaged in hospital work,
were advised to leave, they replied
they would rather face the possibility
of massacre than desert their posts.
WOUNDED ARE LEFT TO TERISH.
In consequence of the fact that flags
of truce are ignored, numbers of Jap
anese dead, which have been lying on
the slopes of the hills of the northeast
defenses for weeks past, are still un
buried, and the stench in Port Arthur
from decomposing bodies, when the
wind is in the right direction, Is al
most unendurable. The Russian sol
diers, who are in some cases posted
only fifty paces from heaps of decay
ing dead, have constantly to wear over
their noses handkerchiefs soaked In
camphor, as otherwise they would be
unable to remain at their posts.
In the course of the assaults which
took place In the four last days of
August two companies of Japanese
soldiers, according, to Prince Radzivil,
found themselves at the mercy of the
Russians and hoisted a white flag. To
this, however, the Russians paid no
attention and continued to volley rap
idly into the helpless ranks of the
enemy. In the meanwhile Japanese
troops in the rear of the companies
that had raised the white flag saw
what their comrades had done and ex
pressed their disapproval of the surren
der by firing into their rear. As a/re
sult of this fire from friend and foe
600 men were annihilated. The dead
fell among the decomposing bodies of
previous assaults.
For days afterward the wounded men
in this area raised fluttering handker
chiefs in their hands in plea for help,
but the Russians were afraid to ven
ture out to give succor. Within a week
the last arm had made its last un
regarded prayer for help, and the sham
bles was a quiet but ghastly field of
horror.
CHEFU, Sept. 18. — According to
Lieutenant Prince Radzivil of the Ru-s
sian army, who reached here last
night from Port Arthur, bearinjr dis
patches from_ Lieutenant General
Stoessel, the commander in chief of
the forces in the Russian stronghold,
to General Kuropatkin, the temper of
the belligerents at Port Atruhr has
reached an absolutely merciless stage.
Prince Radzivil served .with the
Eritish In the Boer war, and he says
that until he became aware . of the
state of affairs at Port Arthur he had
no Idea waf'could be so horrible.
It was set forth in 'these dispatches
seme weeks ago that serious sus
picions were entertained by each bel
ligerent that the other was misusing
the -Red Cross flag. These suspicions
have been increased by the commis
sion of various acts by the soldiers of
both armies, until now even flags of
truce or surrender are not respected
by either side.' >.-::
" 'But you can die," their command
er said in reply, and they perished at
their post.
"The fact that, the Japanese have
upon several occasions used explosive
bullets has been verified by Lieutenant
General Stoessel. He gives an instance
which occurred at/- Takushan, when
two men of the Sixteenth Regiment
were killed by such bullets, their bodies
being blown to pieces.
"On September 14- the bodies of 2600
Japanese soldiers were disco\'ered be-
"One company 'of Russian troops
was occupying a perilous outpost and
when it found its position to be un
tenable it sent the following message
to Lieutenant General Stoesqel:
" 'We are unable to hold th*is posi
tion.'
"Individual acts of heroism during
the fighting have been numerous and
the tragic death of.Lieutenant Petroff
was long" an absorbing: topic of con
versation. Petroff became surrounded
by some Japanese soldiers, who he
fought successfully until his sword
broke. He then used his fists upon
the Japanese, but their bayonets
quickly pat "an end to his resistance.
Before his sword broke Petroff suc
ceeded in incapacitating eight of his
antagonists, but his body was covered
with wounds.
"The newspaper Novi Krai has been
suppressed for one month for having
published matter considered to be
detrimental to Russian interests.
"There has been no fighting since
September 1, with the exception of
artillery and outpost exchanges. The
Japanese shells, however, have done
great damage to the hospital and oth
er buildings in Port Arthur, but the
loss of life from these bombardments
has been very slight.
"Mtne. Stoessel; wife of the general,
is at the head of the Red Cross work
in Port Arthur. She is in constant
attendance at the hospitals and cares
tenderly for wounded men. In addi
tion to this exhausting work she finds
time to give succor to orphans. .and
widows and to superintend the.-making
of bandages. The soldiers consider
her their guardian angel.
STOESSEL IS GARRISON'S IDOL.
"The garrison " is maintaining a
strong and devofed martial spirit and
has great -confidence in Lieutenant
General Stoessel, who is cheered by
the men when he rides along the
lines.
"I left Lieutenant General Stoessel
in the best of spirits. He Is encour
aged by the heroic example set by the
wounded men, of whom 5000 out of
the original 8000 in the hospital have
returned to the front.
of his antagonist. The Prince cited
this as merely one incident denoting
the ferocity of the conflict before Port
Arthur.
PRINCE CARRIES DISPATCHES.
Prince Radzivil, another Russian of
ficer, two civilians and one woman,
the wife of a Russian staff officer, left
Port Arthur on the night of Septem
ber 16 in a junk.
Prince Radzivil got into Port Ar
thur a fortnight ago, • carrying dis
patches from General Ku-opatklr^ to
Lieutenant General Stoessel.
The Pripce and the officer accom
panying him brought out dispatches,
reports and mail matter from Port Ar
thur, weighing in all eighty pounds.
They were successful , in escaping the
vigilance of the Japanese.
- "The stories in circulation concern
ing the shortage of ammunition and
provisions at Port Arthur are not
true," said the Prince. "There is an
abundance of ammunition for both
large and small arms, and plenty of
preserved food. The use of Chinese
shells was merely a saving measure.
Prince Radzivil gives another ver
sion, from hearsay, concerning the two
companies of Janaese troops that sur
rendered. According to this version a
Japanese battery fired on the two com
panies when the white flag was raised,
whereupon the two companies turned
and charged the battery. According'to
this same version General Nogi, who
happened to be present, was killed in
this charge of his own men, as were
several of the Japanese gunners.
Persistent Chinese rumors have been
received here lately to the eflect that a
successor to General Nogi has arrived
at Port Dalnv, but this is denied by
local Japanese. ';'•-*
tween Fort No. 2 and Fort No. 3. The
stench from the decomposed bodies at
tracted investigation. The Russian au
thorities admit that they are not able
to explain what engagement resulted
in this slaughter."
'RUMORED DEATH OF XOGI.
Quantities of Artillery ; and Rifle
Ammunition Abandoned by
tne riussians.
Kuropatkin's Army Is Reinforced
and the Defenses Have Been
Greatly Strengthened.
Quarter Is Neither Asked Nor Given, Red (Dross and
Truce Flags Are Ignored and No Attempt Is
Made to Bury the Dead.
Japanese Artillery Opens Fire Upon
the Russian Fortifications
Near Mukden.
WOUNDED SOLDIERS LEFT TO STARVE
IN SIGHT OF THE OPPOSING LINES
Marquis Oyama Sends Detailed
Report of Trophies of War
Taken at Liaoyang.
BARBAROUS FEROCITY MARKS PORT ARTHUR FIGHTING
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 190*.
Cameras, photographic suplies. print
ing and developing? at lowest ; prices." San
born;?Vail"& Co.", ,741 Market street.. •
¦'. ST .JOSKPIl. Mo., '"^pt. , IS.'— Ernest; C.
Hartwljt.'i cashier j of the First -National Bank
of< Buchanan.' County, was . laLaJiv >»«rt la a
runaway accident to- night. ."•'.'
Pawnbrokers and bankers in Russia
are suffering from the blows'adminis
tered to them by the State barik.1 The
bank advances money on all kinds of
goods at an annual interest of 4^ per
cent.
I romvorker Commits Suicide.
Rupert Lenthold, an ironworker,
committed suicide last night by. jump
ing off the ' Vallejo-street wharf: ; j~/W;
S. Dillon, watchman for Crowley.'s
boathouse, saw two men 'sitting on the
edge of the wharf, drinking wine.
Suddenly there was a scuffle and -Lent
hold released himself and jumped into
the bay. Dillon tried to .rescue -him
with a boathbok, bat the Vbody. hud
disappeared. The other inun quickly,
left -the scene. V
s -It was rumored; in the city yesterday
that A. A. Kratz hacf committed suicide
in Southern He was ac
cused c-f aidinff his brother; "William
M. Kratz, of embezzling $16,000 of the
funds of ' the Kratz-Donandt Company
of 508 -Washington street. ¦ His case was
to have been in m Judge Dunne's
court to-day. His brother is already
serving a term for ' the offense.
': No i verification of the rumor of sui
cide could be obtained from Southern
California last night.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[Good Pocket Knife]
I fully jfuarantee thi* Knife to be
a tiptop value for SI.OO Your
choice of shape and style of handle.
SAZOSS — Good ones an low as
$1 .<)<>. Blade of best steel, and will
hold edge.
STAS SAPETY SAZOS — Reduced
from $2.00 to.JRl.25. Easy price.
Easy shaving. Try one.
Full line of Cutlery of all high-
grade standard makes, including Sti-
letto.
- Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap.
l."#o.
\ Razors ground and honed. Honing.
2."5c
Mail ortlers promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. \V. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MAEKET STSEET. Opp. TUth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
The Pioneer
Limited
In summer the northern routes
East are especially attractive.
Yellowstone Park is only one
of. the' interesting features.
Another is the PIONEER
LIMITED. St. Paul to Chi-
cago, via the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul Railway.
In excellence of equipment
and service It la "without an
equal.. There are many rea-
sons for this, one of which
is the fact that this company
owns and oper»t«« Its own
sleeping, dining, library and
other cars. Call or write to-
day about low rates via this
route.
Tickets — 633 Market St.. S. F.
C. Is. OAN7XEU>.
General JLgmt.
il '
f)visiT DR. JORDAN'S ancATi
inUSEUEl OF ANATOHY#
0 £d 1251 £12X11 S3. &tfcUr.k,8LJ.M. M
\ Hr ¦ The Lweest Ao«:o«ie«l Mima (¦ rt • \
O _ _J(L-! World. w*i*aei*« at *mj contacts* M
' ft5e5i <«!»•»•« p***""*? «¦•¦•« brti* •!<!•»« r
Q JCgl 5pet:-JiuoaiJ>5teui Eit)*7«*ri. 9
A fljgjy J OR. JORDAN-O'SEASES OF MEN i
\ L*6*>si« Coiwulunoa frre «nd strktly prlrmt*. \
I A I Tlriffi Tr^tm«;it p«rron*l>r or br I«W- A M
I y I tr ft H /uiM<Uinui:nnre>M"««ttk«< -\
* I ll • 5X*»nl.*tr. MAILS9 FBXS. (XX
V • jj /] THhutl* book fe» «'»> ¦ A
V rju. JUCDASACO. JMl^farlrttMtJI.^ Y
y~^K Dr. gibbon's Dispensary,
jS _Jlg G'JZO KEAB2CY »T. .Kstabltabed
3£??1»^<|ni» I *•¦>* for the treaunt-nt of *Tiv»U»
Hi ik, Eft? W»«'«w. '"" l MaiHwod. D*b!lit,ror
i»i?S*3'*i!»'ii«-»'ii!»'* »v<»:iriiuriiii iwxly an«l nitnd and
!5«§t3»t*V"»H!> I >!«~<.«es. The Doctor cure* wliea
lull. Try him. rharfes low^
JDrTj r. «IBBOJI. Baa 7taadM.MkWind Too Light for Model Yachts.
The wind . was , too : light . to , permit
of any racing at Spfeckels Lake yes
terday and the regular, Sunday "pen
nant races were called off. Several
of the members . of ,thej San Francisco
Model Yacht Club had their - boats out
arid . when ¦ the .wind 'came up • late , in
the afternoon some fair, sport was en
joyed..'^
Mr. Mar tenstein launched - a new
scow I yesterday, ;' but the conditions
were., not favorable : and heiy time was
not good. She is a trim-looking boat
and . ought . to U prove ; fast : : 3.\ Bran
non's "Alice, : B. ,. "Jurgen's ,%/Austral,
Drew's Humboldt, II* and McCleary's
Coronado were m t ifll
. Bishop William Ford Nichols con
firmed a class last evening ' at St.
Stephen's Church. The sacred edi
fice .was filled and the service was
throughout deeply impressive. A full
choir sang the beautiful hymns and
the rector, the Rev. E. Bradley, con
ducted the service. ,. '
While the congregation sang • a
hymn the class approached the chan
cel and Bishop Nichols began the
ceremony of confirmation, after which
he delivered an eloquent address- to
the; class, his subject being "Confirma
tion, the Source of Truth."
.: The confirmed were Mrs. Sallie
Price, Mrs. Minnie Forraaft, Mrs. M.
A. Harmansen, Mrs. Anna E. Green
well, Miss Elizabeth A. Herrick, Miss
Sadie M. < Lindsay, Miss Susie Price,
John Greenwell. Grant R. Greenwell.
Frederick I. Greenwell, Charles H.
Becker and Walter H. Carrack.
Bpautiful Hymns Are Sung by Full
. Choir an;! Entire ceremony
Is Imrr^sslve.
A delightful time was had at Shell
Mound Park yesterday, where -the
twelfth annual picnic of Company A,
Irish Volunteers, was the drawing
card. 'Company A. is an auxiliary to
the Knights of the Red Branch, and
as such, at all times commands the
close ' attention • of ' those members of
the Irish race In San Francisco who
hold to the belief that some 'day Ire
land will be free from English rule.
With a fine day, ; -an . attractive pro
gramme and an Inviting list' of gate
and other prizes. Shell Mound con
tained a big number of happy • pic
nickers, all of whom enjoyed the
Celtic sports. ¦ ' .
Irish Volunteers' Picnic.
«Mrs. Anita Van Syckle, an employe
at 'the Chutes, attempted to kill her
self at her residence, 7% Elizabeth
street, at 2 o'clock yesterday morning
by swallowing a quantity of carbolic
acid. ;
The cause of her wishing. to die was
that her husband had, remained out
late.. He returned, however, in time to
prevent her from, swallowing all the
contents of the bottle. He lost no time
In summoning the ambulance from
the. Emergency Hospital, to which
place she was removed^ The . prompt
application I of the stomach pump by
Dr. W. A. Stevens saved" the woman's
life. ' • ;¦¦¦.- ¦;- '-•¦ ¦¦' -., ¦ ; ¦'
Swallows Carbolic Acid Because, Hus
band Remained Away From Home
Until Early Morning Hours.
MRS. SPENCER VAN SYCKLE
TRIES TO END HER LIFE
BISHOP NICHOLS CONFIRMS
CLASS AT ST. STEPHEN'S
Loses Money to Mean Beggar.
OAKLAND. Sept. 18. — Edward
Morris, residing at 1761 Goss street,
lost 15 last night because he was
benevolent enough to heed the appeal
of a street -wayfarer f or . money. • The
stranger accosted Morris at midnight
near City Hall Park and asked for
25 cents. Morris, in looking for the
•coin, drew a gold piece out of his
pocket. The applicant . for alms
snatched the money -from- Morris'
hand and fled. The police were noti
fied. >^-:-
DfCORPOBATE UNITED
CARBONIC GAS COMPANY
Alexander Memorial Services.
OAKLAND. Sept. 18. — Memorial
services for the late S. T. Alexander,
the Hawaiian sugar planter, who died
in Africa while touring the world,
were held this afternoon at the First
Congregational Church, of which Mr.
Alexander had been an active member
for many years. The Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the church, and the
Rev. J. K. McLean, the former pastor,
delivered addresses.
Greek Theater Echoes Music.
BERKELEY, Sept. 18.— The half
hour of music in the Greek Theater
at the University .of California yester
day attracted 3000 people, who greatly
enjoyed the music rendered by the
university orchestra, under the direc
tion of Dr. Stewart. • The programme
included the "Hungarian Dance,", by
Brahms, the "Marionette Overture"
and selections from "Faust."
tnil Establish Factory Here in Con
junction With Operations to .Be
Begun in Magneslte District.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— As a sub-cor
poration of the company now having
tontrol of the magnesite district In the
bills back of LIvermore, the United
Sarbonlc Gas Company filed articles of
incorporation with the County Clerk
resterday. This company, basing its
organization upon the development of
the magneslte deposits, will use the
by-products of the mineral for other
purposes.
The directors of the new company
tre T. 6. Irvln, J. P. Moore, Frank C.
V&ugfcn. Fred Walter and George E.
fe Golla. The capital stock of the
corporation I* $200,000, divided into
tihares of the par value of $100 each.
rhe principal place of business and of
It*' factory will be in this city.
Foot Crashed by Streetcar.
OAKLAND, Sept. 1 8. — CharleB Gil
bert, 21 years old, employed at Idora
Park, slipped ."this morning while,
boarding an electric car at Eighth and
Jackson streets and his left foot ' was
crushed. The Injury was treated at
the Receivinc Hospital. jflk£S
A new horse disease has come to
England from India by way, of South
ifrlca." It Is called epizootic lym
thangiU* and is very contagious.
The ball will be strictly invitational
and only enough invitations will be
Issued to fill the large hall, insuring
comfort to ail who attend. The ar
rangements for the "ball are in the
bands of the following committee: .
Ldeut*&*nt F. W. Petersen (chairman)
Ldacteaaax P. Pctzlter. Berfea&t M. Herman,"
Oorponl* C. N*. Wln'.and, A. Boas, C. E.
Fw«U *ad E. J. Berquest, Artificer H. P.
yilnknrr. Private* C A. Wood. F. T. Brown,
B. Brertoa. T. Krelder, J. Morris and H. B.
OBSWth.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18. — The members
of Company A. Fifth Regiment. ' N.
G. C, have begun preparations for
their forty-fourth annual ball, which
will be held at Armory Hall, on
Twelfth street, on Thanksgiving eve.
The decoration committee has al
ready arranged for the adornment of
Che hall and it promises something
unusual In the . way of ' decorations.
Fifteen hundred electric lights of va
rious colors will be distributed about
the hall, which will be further deco
rated with vari-colored bunting and
greens.
Company A, National Guard, Will
Celebrate Its Forty-Fourth An
niversary in Great Style.
WILL GIVE GRAND BALL
ON' TIIAXKSGIVIXG EVE
Dr. and Mrs. J. F. Fisher of Boston,
who are .. on their; . bridal tour; are
guests at 'the St. Francis." '
J. F. Fugazl. Pacific Coast agent of
several French steamship lines, has re
turned from a several months' visit
abroad.
Prince de Beam, who Is attached to
the French embassy, at Washington,
arrived here yesterday and is regis
tered at the St. Francis.
A. R. Sprague, one of Sacramento's
prominent business men, is at the
Palace. •
D. S. Rosenbaum, a banker of
Stockton, and wife are at the St.
Francis. ¦ . :
Dr. A. B. Stevens of Watertown, N.
Y., is at the Grand. . J
Dr. and Mrs. H. W^Fenner of Tuc
son are staying at the Palace.
Myron Hunt, a well-known architect
of Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
John D. Guthrie of the United States
Forestry Bureau is at the
George A. Bartlett, a mining man
of Tonopah, and wife are at the Pal
ace. ' n+ ' •. * -
PERSONAL.
CHICAGO. Sept. 18. —Gustave Pla
lick choked to death this evening on
a piece of beefsteak. Plalick was a
blacksmith and boarded at the horns
of Gustave Rutz. This evening he sat
down to supper with the family. Sud
denly Plalick began coughing and
choking. "What's the matter?" asked
Rutz. Plalick did not answer and
members of the family thought it. was
merely a coughing spell and continued
eating their meal. Plalick coughed
and choked more violently than «Y«r.
and suddenly sprang up from, the
table -with a look of agony In. his eyes.
"Run for the doctor," shouted Rflta
to one of his children, then.he be.ga.n
to thump the choking man violently
on the back in the hope of dislodging
whatever was in his throat. His ef
forts were fruitless, as Plalick fell to
the floor unconscious and died the
next instant. .
The Coroner held a post-mortem
examination and found a large piece
of meat lodged near the windpipe."
jl. .—: ; -^.j.
fault to find with the realty market.
He is preparing to do considerable
building next month and says that* If
he had twenty modern cottages he
would quickly find tenants for them
all.
Chicago Blacksmith Is Killed at Sup
per Table as Result of Meat Lods
lng In Windpipe.
CHOKES TO DEATH OX
PIECE OF BEEFSTEAK
BERKELEY. Sept. 18. — Captain
Berlinsky and- a company of other of
ficers from the dismantled Russian
auxiliary cruiser Lena attended the
university concert this afternoon at
the Greek Theater. The Russians at
tempted to leave the amphitheater
during one of the numbers. A rule
of the unive: .ty forbids such a move
ment toward egress by the lower exits
while music is in progress. Captain
Berlinsky did not know the rule. The
gate tenders, being no respecters of
persons, halted the visiting party and
compelled them to stand until the
number had been concluded. Then
the barred way was opened and the
visitors departed more or Ies3 im
pressed, it is said, with the quiet dig
nity of democracy as exemplified at
the great Berkeley Institution.
Iierllnsky Had to Wait.
El* ail Guntemalans welcome home to their
na'.ive s^il and, forgetting petty resentments.
Ht us all labor for our motto. In order, by
co-oiicratlng efforts, to assure a bright future
for Guatenral?, a land prolific alike In natural
resources and In noble and generous hearts.
That under lh» argls of peace v> may at
tain thrse, my cherished ideal* and earnest
aspirations, in the sole wish of your fellow
Citizen and frt--nd.
MANUEL ESTRADA CABHERA.
A formal amnesty decree, counter
signed by the Minister of the Interior
and Justice, Juan J. Argueta, is at
tached" to the President's proclama
tion.
. Not with -flattering promises, but with posi
tive dpeds, I desire to inaugurate the forth
comlnc cor.ntliutlonal period. It la my ardent
wish that all Guatemalan:*, whatever may be
their political creed, shall return to th* bosom
of the fatherland, where, as long a* they r«
spvet the Institutions and contribute to the
melntcnance of public order, they will not only
be protected by the sacred aecls of the law,
but will also i-oceive the support which every
progn-cslve gcvrrnm-:-nt la bound to afford to
citizen* who, devotinc themselves to honest
toil, hrlns cle:mr.ts of wealth to the country
whilo at the snm; time beine the architects
ot their own fortunes.
President Estrada Cabrera of Guate
mala is endeavoring to unite the dif
ferent political . factions of that com
monly turbulent Central American
republic. His latest move in this di
rection is the issuance of an amnesty
proclamation, copies of which have
been received in this city by . many
Guatemalans who have not been in
favor with the home administration
and were forced to seek refuge in the
United States. The manifesto opens
with a statement that the electoral
campaign Is at an end and that the
people of Guatemala have seen fit to
intrust to Cabrera another period of
administrative power. The document
then proceeds as follows:
ing Proclamation of Amnesty to
All Ills Political Foes.
I*residcnt Cabrera Issues a Resound-
OAKLAND. Sept. 18. — The obser
vance of Yom Kippur, the Jewish day
of atonement, began this evening and
will continue. until 7:30 p. m. to-mor
row. Divine service was held to-night
at the synagogue of the First Hebrew
Congregation of Oakland, the cere
monies be^g conducted by Rabbi
Marcus Friedlander. He delivered an
eloquent sermon, taking as his subject
'•Spiritual Awakening."
Service will be held to-morrow at 9
a. m., special service by the choir at
10 o'clock, memorial service at 10:45
and the closing sermon by the rabbi
at 11:30.
Jewish Day of - Atonement Impres
sively Commemorated in Sermon
by Rabbi Friedlamler.
GUATEMALA'S RUIiER
IS SEEKING PEACE
YOM KIPPUR IS OBSERVED. ,
BY HEBREW CONGREGATION
On October 6 a Spanish concert will
be given at Union Square Hall as a
benefit for the Church of Guadalupe.
Last night the General Society of
Chileans in the city gave an elaborate
concert and ball at Eintracht Hall be
fore a croud that entirely filled the
building. The entertainment was in
commemoration of the anniversary of
the independence of Chile, that oc
curred ninety-four years ago.
In the long programme that filled the
evening there were many good num
bers. After, the .opening overture came
the grand march of the society to the
platform, followed by an address by
Senor C. F. de Berna, who was in turn
succeeded by the Chilean Consul, Senor
E. Mejia. Among the vocal selections
of the evening solos by Senora Lucie
Fichter and the selections rendered by
the chorus were notably good.
Yesterday morning divine services
were held at the Church of Guadalupe,
Broadway, near Mason street, in dual
celebration of the independence of Mex
ico and Chile. The Rev. Father San
tandren and Father Figols were the
celebrants of the mass, that was at
tended by the Mexican and Chilean
Consuls, together with many repre
sentatives of other South American
governments.
CHILEANS CELEBRATE
THEIR IXDEPEXDENCE
Rabbi Nleto delivered a profound ser
mon at Sherlth Israel, taking for his
text, "Good and upright is the Lord;
therefore will he teach sinners in the
way." (Psalms, xxv:8). The rabbi said
that man's concept'Ion of God is always
consequent upon the degree of civiliza
tion and the enlightenment to which he
has attained. God, he said, is not a
man of war, nor the strict task master
inflicting punishment for error, nor the
partisan God warring for his • friends,
but the kind and beneficent influence
which not only allures to goodness, but
directs all men in the path that leads to
holiness. , <
There were services at the Geary
street Temple, conducted by Rabbi M.
S. Levy; Bush-street Temple, Rabbi B.
Kaplan; Russ-street Synagogue,! Rabbi
H. Samuelson, -and in Franklin Hall,
Fillmore street, Rabbi Isidore Myers
conducted a service and preached to a
great assemblage of worshipers. Rabbi
Myers will conduct an all-day service
to-day in Franklin Hall and will preach
a sermon at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
We of the honeehold of Israel are not grovel-
Ing in the dust before our Father in Heaven.
We always approach him with a degree of
confidence that expresses our relationship of
children to him. Neither do we consider that
we munt make ourgelves miserable during our
present life to a« to gain God's friendship after
we are deaJ. We are practical and intelligent
l-eople. who look upon the relations between
ourselves and God the same as we study the
conditions of human paternity.
This .one day Is set apart for the emphasis
of isuch thoughts as may not readily occur to
us at any other time.
We need this atonement -sven to remind us
that we are only nr?n and women. We forget
this often enough In our arrogance and inso
lence generated by our little capacity to
achieve little things — that Is, little compared
with the things achieved by God.
Yom Kippur, the most sacred day in
the Jewish calendar, was ushered in
with solemn services in all the syna
gogues of the city la*st evening by the
intoning of "Kol NIdre," a petition for
release from -all involuntary faults or
sins that may- have been committed
during the year.
The usual evening service was then
recited and eloquent sermons were de
livered by the rabbis before large and
devout congregations.
Israel- will be engaged in devotional
exercises until sundown this evening,
and during .the- whole twenty-four
hours the congregation do" not partake
of food or drink/
All the synagogues were draped in
white and the choirs generally were
augmented and rendered the traditional
airs which are associated with the sol
emn day.
Rabbi Voorsanger in his sermon at
Temple Emanu-El said:
The Rev. E. R. Hermiston gave an
address to-day to the Sunday-school at
the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church.
Children of the Centennial Presby
terian Church Sunday-school held
rally day exercises this evening.
"The Poslbilities of the Next Hun
dred Days" were discussed to-day by
the Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor of
the- Union Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. J. Schneider, pastor of the
German Methodist Church, has re
turned from the conference which was
held in Los Angeles. The pastor has
bfcen reappointed to his charge for an
other year.
The llev. Sidney L. Gulick of Matsu
yama, Japan, delivered an address this
evening at the First Congregational
Church on "The Attitude of New
Japan Toward Christianity."
"Model Children and Their Parents"
was the subject of a. sermon preached
this evening by the Rev. E. E. Baker,
pastor of tho First Presbyterian
Church.
"The Heaven and Hell of Science"
vaa the subject of a. discourse de
livt-red this afternon at the First
Methodist Church by Professor Jay G.
Rodger of the University Union of
California.
OAKLAND, t^ept. lfc. — The Rev.
IK:ner J. Vcpburgh. pastor of the
First Bai>ti$t Church, has resumed his
pulpit work after an absence in the
EaKt of tv.o months. "Religious Con
ditions East and West" was the sub
jvet of Dr. Vosburgh's sermon this
morning. At the evening services the
j-artor preached on "Shadow and Sun
shine in New York, or the Sin and Sal
vation cf a Great City." The discourse
dealt with problems of American
cities.
Kcv. II. J. Vofburgh Gives Results of
ObscrxatJons During Two Montiis'
Tour of Country.
Devout Worshipers Gather
at the . Synagogues and
Join in Solemn Service
BAPTIST PASTOR TALKS
OX RELIGIOUS OUTLOOK
E. D. Judd & Co. report that they
are satisfied .with: the. local realty con
ditions and look for a quickening after
the election. This firm does much
renting and reports the demand in
that line,, especially for .modern cot
tages,; as far, in excess of. the supply.
A. R. Denke, the West End builder
and dealer/ asserts that ha has no
. William Hamond Jr. of Hammond
& Hammond— While transfers and
building- are quieter now , than for
some time, our firm Is" kept busy an
swering ' inquiries for improved and
unimproved property in Alameda.
| This inquiry in Itself Is a good indi
cation of future prosperity and Is due
in a measure to the extensive adver
tising that the - natural advantages of
the Island City have been receiving of
late. . -
ALAMEDA. Sept. 18. — There is a
lull in the local real estate market
which is attributed by some of the
dealers to the quietness that usually
exists during a national political cam
paign. Building is not so lively' as it
has been, but the demand for modern
cottages continues in excess of the
supply. Here is what some of the
ftrras have been doing and the way
they view the situation:
Charles Adams & Co. — We have
made three sales within the last few
weeks. We disposed of a cottage on
Pacific avenue to a Mr. King and an
other on Fifth street to a Mr. Gimbel.
We also negotiated the transfer of a
large lot on Encinal avenue, near Oak
street, on which we plan to erect three
cottages next month. The houses will
each have five rooms and be fitted up
in modern style. We are also com
pleting a colonial cottage on Bay
street, near Railroad avenue. Rent-
Ing has been good, with us and we
could rent many cottages if we had
them at our disposal.
Hally & Co. will this week move into
their elegant new office at 2315 Santa
Clara avenue. This firm is branching
out and hereafter Leo Robblns willbe
associated with it as salesman. The
firm recently completed a cottage on
Driggs avenue for Samuel Grummett.
William Dufour & Co. negotiated
the transfer of a cottage and lot on
Clinton avenue, near Park street, be
longing to the John Young estate. This
firm has just completed a six-room
cottage at Encinal avenue and Willow
street for Mrs. Sara Roundy.
Frank N. v Dodd of the Alameda
Land Company — One noticeable fea
ture of the realty business at present
is the number of old houses that, are
being remodeled and improved in up
to-date style. When a substantial old
residence ia thus improved if is easier
to rent it. There are many Inquiries
for unimproved property and we ex
pect soon to erect several 'large resi
dences if deals we have on hand are
put through:
DEMAND IX ALAMEDA.
A contract has just been le£ by W.
Morgan to A. Scott for the erection
of a modern apartment-house at the
corner of Nineteenth and Franklin
streets, the cost to be $19,000.
The new Emeryville hotel, which is
being erected on Park avenue, near
San Pablo, by S. Lehman of Point
Richmond, is nearly completed. The
outside work has been finished and the
plasterers are now engaged on the
interior. The structure contains forty
rooms. Four large stores occupy the
ground floor.
The Oakland Water Front Company
has begun the work of reclaiming a
ten-acre tract cf tide land just east
of Adams wharf and south of First
street. The property! has a frontage
of 1500 feet on the north side of the
estuary, along which a bulkhead will
be constructed at a cost of $25,000.
As. soon as the bulkhead and fill are
completed the property will be leased
to a large lumber company for yards
and docks. .
More than half the offices In the new Union
Savings Bank building have already been re
served and some of these have been rented to
professional men from points as far distant
as the State of Maine. All these facts indi
cate that many of the people now seeking
homes and business locations in Oakland have
been attracted to this city ty its natural ad
vantages.
We have at preserjt more prcspective pur
chasers for properties In this city than we can
possibly supply, and many of these people are
from out of town points. In the recent real
estate auctions held In Oakland more than one
third of the purchasers have been from £an
Francisco and other cities in California and
from the East.
Frank J. Woodward, president of
the Oakland Real Estate Dealers' As
sociation, said to-day:
Although 1600 new dwellings have
been erected in "this city during the
last twelve months, local real estate
dealers say they have lately expe
rienced great difficulty in providing
houses and flats for newcomers who
desire to buy or rent homes in Oak
land. In some localities it is almost
impossible either to buy or rent, the
houses recently erected having been
taken even before completed. This" is
true both of cottages or houses built
to be sold, and dwellings and flats
erected for the purpose of renting.
This demand for homes has not been
the result of; old residents of Oak
land moving from one part of the city
to another, for even when the de
mand was heaviest there have been
but few houses advertised for sale
or for ' rent. The increased demand
is the result of a steady influx of new
residents coming from the East and
from other cities in California. -A
considerable number of these new
comers are San Franciscans who have
been attracted to this side of the bay
by superior climatic conditions and
other natural advantages.
TALKS OF KECEXT GROWTH.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sapt- 18.
"It was nothing but a joke," said the
electrician. "But I gues the joke's on
me now," he mournfully added.
It was not a joke that the policeman
utr in the prank, if prank it be. The
patrolman saw only a case of larceny
and he acted accordingly, despite
Frandt's i>rotcstations that he was a
respectable business man. None of the
prisoner's companions went to the res
cue. He was hustled off to jail and his
burden was recorded as evidence on the
charge of theft.
As the result of a wager John E.
Frandt, an electrician, rests in the City
Priaon with a charge of petty larceny
registered against his name.
Frandt was arrested at 3:S0 o'clock
«H» morning at Ninth street and
Broadway by Policeman Tillotson with
fifty feet of two-inch hose in his pos
eession. He had taken it from the
Southern Pacific Company's station at
Seventh street and Broadway.
Frandt declares that he meant to do
no wrong, but he had an idea that he
could win a Let made with some roy
¦terlng friends. The wager demanded
that Frandt should carry off the red of
nose that lay in the station and suc
cessfully elude the- police.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. IS.
This tract war bought bv me, and stood in
my name for awhile. The facts that can be
Euhrtantlated by the records are that the land
was purchase* for ?25u,C0O, that the Hlbernia
Rank Of San Francisco eent experts to value
the lanU, who fixed the price in tbe market as
$:<CO,000. ind upon that report the bank
Inuned $ 175.00ft. The city is getting the tract
for ?3OU,0OO. ' .
Frank J. Woodward, the man who
purchased the tract in question for the
Realty Syndicate, said:
I regret the attack upon any feature of the
bond i.«.«uc, and I do not believe that this one
has any foundation. Mayor Olney has de
clared in publ'c that this land was being se
cures! at what ihs Realty .Syndicate paid for it.
with 0 per cent intera.«. I am told the samft
thine by other gentlemen who would hardly
tell an untruth for the amount Involved, and
who say that the syndicate will lose the
amount cf taxes paid upon the land since Ha
purchase. I believe this statement, for the
people who are making the "sale to the city
have put one hundred times the amount in
volved in this transaction Into' Oakland and
ere hardly in a position to falsify for the al
leged excels of tho actual value of the land.
Edwin Stearns, secretary of the Oak
land Board of Trade and president of
the Oakland Progress Federation, said
to-day:
The expected attack upon the bonds
has come almost upon the eve of the
election. It has come with the state
ment that the land proposed to be sold
for the main park is being offered to
the city at a price that is too high. As
sessor Dalton's figures of assessment
and some mysterious "they" and "the
people who are oppc^ed" are quoted in
support of the attack.
The real facts are that this attack
has been taken to several if not all of
the papers that circulate in and about
Oakland, and those who have the bond
issue at heart have »been expecting
that something of the kind would find
its way into print before the election:
So much has this been expected that
Mayor Olhey made an attempt to fore
stall it In his address before the Swed
ish-American Club on Friday night.
The Mayor said there was something
of the kind in the wind and he wanted
to say that the land in question had
been offered to the city by the Realty
Syndicate at exactly what they had
paid for it, with 6 per cent added for
their investment. He believed that the
land was being offered at a fair price
and one that would be deemed low in
the market.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
1016 Broad wcy, Sept. 18.
Her action to"-dar seemed peculiar,
for the mother has made application to
the' Superior Court for a modification
of the divorce decree that she might be
given custody of the children. Hearing
on the petition is set for next Friday.
Wood had intended to_ resist the effort
to take the children from him on the
ground that the mother did not ha\e
proper accommodations for them.
Mrs. Wood, her companion and the
girl, the latter crying and begging to be
h f t at home, were followed by Miss V.
Tyrrell, another of the startled family,
but the trio disappeared at Fifth ave
nue >and Eighteenth street.
At the moment of the invasion little
Margaret was near the front door and
was seized by Mrs. Wood. Mrs. Tyrrell,
aroused by the cries, rushed out, but
was roughly grabbed by the man, who
shouted:
"You can't have the girl. Mrs. Wood
is getting her rights."
Wood made vain search in the vicin
ity where the abductors were last seen
by his niece. Miss Tyrrell. He declared
he would swear to a complaint to-mor
row for his former wife's arrest.
Wood was granted a divorce and cus
tody of his son and daughter, this after
a warm contest. According to the de
cree cf divorce Mrs. Wood was permit
ted to see her children once a month.
Wood says there never has been any
obstacle thrown in the way of his
former spouse when she desired to visit
her offspring.
Right from under the eyes of father,
aunts and cousin little Margaret Wood,
7 years old. was stolen this afternoon
at 4 o'clock from her home. 1307 Sixth
avenue, bv' Mrs. Alice Wood, her moth
er, the divorced v.-ife of the father,
Jacob Wood, who holds the legal cus
tody of the abducted child. Such was
the complaint lodged by Wood with the
police.
.Mrs. Wood, who conducts a manicur
ing establishment, was accompanied by
a young man, who fought off the detei
rcnt efforts of Mrs. J. C. Tyrrell, an
cuTit of the child.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. IS.
'It is time to revive the bonding
question," President Rickard declares.
"A meeting will be designated at which
the history of the scheme will be fully
reviewed and immediate steps taken
to set a date for the election. I believe
that the bonds will be carried almost
unanimously, 'for I have not yet heard
of any opposition to the issue."
The bonding scheme has been in
abeyance for six months. A committee
of representative citizens discussed the
various items for the proposed issue
and recommended that the following
amounts should be raised: Street im
provements, $7000; storm sewer con
struction, $160,000; city wharf, $50,000;
city hall, $100,000; school improvements,
$125,000; public parks. $20,000; manual
training equipment, $20,000; flre depart
ment improvements, $35,000, making a
total of $517,000. The items will be
voted on separately, so that the im
provements now deemed necessary may
be rejected if the voters so prefer.
Within u month the electors of
Berkeley will go to the polls and vote
on a proposition to bond the city for
$517,000 for certain improvements.
Thomas Rickard, president of the Board
of Trustees, believes that the time is
now ripe fcr a revival of the bonding
scheme and announces that he will
bring the matter up at the next meet
ing of the board. ' As the Trustees are
known to favor the bonds the proposi
tion Is expected to go through with a
rush, so that it may be submitted to
the people upon a day not more than
a month distant.
Berkeley Offiqe San Francisco Call,
21-IS Center Street, Sept. 18.
Jerome C. and Almeda A. Ford to Rosa T.
Torrey, lot on XW line of Clareracnt avenue.
2S4 5S SW of intersection with 8 lln« of Web
ster street SW 215.19. SE 78. XE 155.CS. SB
t»S 67 portion plat 73. Kellersberger's map
Ranchos V. and J?. Peralta. Berkeley; $100. ;
Realty Syndicate to Kate Hartley (wlfa of
Et'wln), lot S. block 10. McGee Tract, 'portion
plat 67, etc., Berkeley; $10.
James L. and Daisy L. Smith to H. E. La
mar lot 18. block C. Berry-Bangs Tract, eta,
Berkeley, deed aod agreement: *10.
Jerome C. and Almeda A. Ford to Elvira M".
Stacey-Martin. lot on SW corner of Webster
street and Claremont avenue. W 15A.S2. " 8
20C.0. XE 258.36, portion plat 73. Kellersher
ger's map, Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. Berke
ley; HO.
Josephine Smith (single) end A<Wie E. and
William H. Armstrong to Myrtle Vmlerya. .lot
on N line of Fifty-elsthth street. 125:0 W of
Racine. W 70 by N 1«A beinff W 70 feet of let
17, map portion Brumazlm Tract east of Shat
tuck avenue. Oakland; $1O. • . . ¦
Berkeley Development Company to May S.
Cotter, lot 11. blcck E, Hopkins Terrace, map
No. 2. Berkeley: $10. .. . • .¦¦
Cora Katrlna Lund (sinjtle> to Antcnie Gun
ter (widow), all interest in let on X corner of
Webster street or Piedmont avenue and Booth
*trcet. NE 1C0 by XW 125. lot «, -block 12. plan
Howe Tract. Oakland; 110.
George and ilary E. Palmer (wtf?) to Lna:»
S Btonc. lot en E line of Summit str'ft. 73 8
of Twenty-ninth <or I'rospect). S :t5 by E !». C5.
b«rlns N 15 f«r*t of :ot 14 and S 2O feet cf lot
13. Borland property. Oakland: Cif>.
Lemolrte C. GowpII tr> J. S. Burpee, lot on M
line of Kncx avenue. 21U. 81 E cf Grove street.
E 40.45. N 105. W 40, S 1(2. portion lets 31
and 32. Knox Park. Oakland: $H».
Alex Murdotk (single) to Edwin Bright and
wife, lot on 9 line of Dalton street. 2»0 E of
H«rzcg E '.O by S 110. lot 05, map Rocit Island
Tract. Oakland; ?!'.».
L R. RelJ to J. H. Wood, subdivision 9 of
lot 6. block 23. nw? subdivision of block 25.
Daley's S:on:c Park. Berkeley *10.
Oeonr* llawley. »by James B. Rarb»r. Tsx
Ccllictor) to F. W. B'.ls-r. let 13. block 21.
map 1 M. \Vent*orth Boot anl Shoa CosEfa^y's
Tract. Berkeley, tax deed: $20.
Jamea RafTerty (by same) to A. S. Tt!ak«.
S 2.1 feet of W 3. block C-«6S. Pevalta Hoine
atrad. Oakland, tax de*d; $«O.
J. H. T. anl Henrietta Watklnscn (by Rich
ard J. Montgomery, attorney) to Xels Sorlel
(singls). lot 21. block B. map Central Oakland
No. 2, Oakland: ?10.
David Jacks to Hjalmar Kehl«t. lot* 3 and'4.
block 7. Dfrtion Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement A»sociation, as subdivided
on map I. II. \V>ntworth Boot and Shoe Coin-
Fany Tract. Berkeley; *10.
Kaanie C. and Edwin I*. Sargeant to XTatii*
M. Clover (wife of John A), lot on N line of
Ashby aveno". 124.27 E of Stanford avenue. B
40 by N 10O. rortlon of lots 3 and 4, block A,
Adeline Tract. Berkeley; $10. • *•
Mary Jane Storck (widow) to Christian Hoff.
let on SW comer of Bristol and Seventh streats,
W 50 by S 12O. lot 5, block 85. tract B. B«rfc«
lay Land ar-1 Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Claude Narhaniel Berry and • Sar* M. (nr
Sara Mason Berry) to Henry Brooks (married),
lot on E line cf Shattuck avenue, 120.20 N' of
Ashfcyav^nue. X So E 119.81. 3 80. W 124.04,
lot* 2."! and 24. block C. Adelln* Tract. Berke
ley: $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Elliott B.
Davis and Robert H. Van Sant, lot on :*E
corner of Bancroft way and Catherine street,
E 155 by N* 100. lots 13. 14 and portion of Tot»
11 and 12. block 10, McGee Tract, portion p!at
67, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
German Savings ami Lean Society to O. B.
Marstcn. lot on X line of Locust *tre«t. 117:6
W cf Valley. W 32:8 by N 122. block 11. Pa
cific Homestead, Oakland: $10.
Mary A. Harden (sfr.jfte) to W. K. Vlckery,
lot on SE line of Summit avenue at intersec
tion of line between lots 23 and 30. thence XE
2U. SE 234.18, S\V alcng SB !!n« of Glen E<-ho
Tract to aforesaid dividing lln« between lots
2O and 30. NW 2C4.31. portion subdivision ~1. la
lot 29. map 3. Glen Kcho Tract. «tc. Oakland;
also lot on SK line of Summit avenu* at inter*
section with line dividing Iota 29 and 39.
thence SW 15, SE to BE boundary lls« of said
lot 30. NE 15.33. N\v to beg;icsi&ff. porUca
of lot CO. map 2. same: $10.
Jennie C. Fassett and Amy C. Couraud (GTI
llr> to Claremont Country Club, lots 36. 37 and
3» and 4S. Rockrldge. Oakland Township; 910.
Charles E. and Emma May EatJorf to Wil
liam J. Tates, lot on S line of Parker utrwet,
327.1a W of Grove avenue. W 45 by 3 130.
portion lot 4, block G, map Crystal Sprir.j
Tract. Berkeley; tlO.
Peter G. and Georgia* Anderson to Rudolf
H. Htndsgaul. lets 25 and 26. block C. map
Christian track. Berkeley; $10.
nobert B. and Ella Mooreheadto Lawrence
J. and Emm* 1* Haggerty, lot beginning 100
W from SW corner cf Shattuck avenua ariil
Russell street. W 100 by 8 38.42. lot 15, Wflck
B. Adeline Tract. Berkeley (deed given to cor
rect 874 t>. 1C9); $10.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER IT.
Major Olney Anticipates At
tack iii Speech Delivered
on Last Friday Night
JEWISH FAST
IS OBSERVED
Miss Vorrath, who was born in San
Francisco and was the daughter of the
late Henry Vprrath, had resided in
Alameda since childhood.
ALAMEDA, Sept. IS.— With her wed
ding day but a month off, Miss Emma
C- Vorrath died yesterday and her
funeral will be held to-morrow after
noon. The chief mourner will be Fred
Lubben, her betrothed. Alameda Re
bekah Lodge No. 107 and Piedmont
Parlor No. 87, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, will conduct the last rite3
at Odd Fellows' Hall in this city.
Miss Vorrath's engagement was
known to most of her friends, and ar
rangements were well under way for
the marriage. The man to whom she
had promised her heart and hand was
fitting up a home on Railroad avenue,
near Bay street. Several days ago the
bride-elect was taken sick, and not
withstanding the best efforts of the
physicians she succumbed to heart dis
ease.
Young Woman Succumbs
After Brief Illness Despite
the Best ' of Medical . Aid
3Iale Companion Prevents a
Relative From Recovering
Little One in. the Flight
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Companions Desert Friend
When Patrolman Has 3Ian
in Custodv for Larceny
Items of Disbursement Will
Be Voted on / Separately.
Improvements Proposed
¦ .
NEED HALF A MILLION
Alameda Firms Unable to
Provide Accommodations
for Prospective Tenants
DEMAND FOR COTTAGES
CRITICS ARE ANSWERED
NEW HOME IN WAITING
WOMAN TAKES GIRL
HIS ESCAPADE IS COSTLY
John E. Frandt Loses Bet
He Can Elude *the Police
After Taking Hose Reel
Abduction Charge Is Laid
Against Mrs. A. Wood by
Father of Missing Child
Miss Emma Vorrath Passes
* Away After Making Ready
for "Wedding Celebration
Keal Estate Dealers Find
Difficulty in Supplying
Wants of the Newcomers
Cost of the Sather Tract and.
Price at Which It Is
Being Sold to Oakland
Thomas Rickatil, President
of Town Board, Promises
to Revive the Proposition
DEATH CLAIMS
BRIDE-ELECT
GOES TO JAIL
F OR A WAGER
SAYS MOTHER
STOLE A GIRL
FACTS ABOUT
LAND BUYING
HUNDREDS SEKK
OAKLAND HOMES
WILL SUBMIT
BOND SCHEME
iTHE,, SAN FRANCISCO : CALU MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SAN, DIEGO, Sept. IS.— From En
senada, Lower California, comes a re
port that the schooner May, chartered
by" George Beermaker. to go" south, has
been held up, at Ensenada and that
her .". owner, - Frank ; Manha, and his
captain are ; In 1 , jail there, i The details
of the affair are not learned. .' Manha
had . trouble somB/time , ago with ; the
officials : at; Ensenada" and ..it is pre
sumed that his arrest is' the outcome.
Ship Owner and Captain Jailed.
San Francisco Turn Hall _was crowd
ed last night' with sons of the father
land and America to , listen ito : a -trav
esty on "The Postilion of lluncheburg,"
in which the veteran -actor, Henry Ma
ret, ..appeared. The ' performance " was
one of the annual, benefits given 'in aid
of Sir. ; Maret. , The . play was rendered
in German, with the accompaniment of
German stagecraft and technique. * Re
freshments were served during the per
formance, ; and the large audience^ went
away r wellr satisfied with. an, evening
spent" in listening; to_ the songs and dia
logue of the fatherland. ' . ,
Benefit Given Veteran Actor.
4
Send for free CooUst on " How to treat
diseases," containing hundreds of te»U»
aoaiala of wonderful cores.
For Any Skin Disease
BPIRKELEY.
JillSt'mter S % trrct. X Tf^ t
Telephone Ncrtb •". -
ALA M EDA.
I -135 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
TeJeplionc Main I OSS.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It will help an<3 cere you. Wfll
send Trial Bottls Frsc to any-
one sending ioc. to pay postage-.
It is '.absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you..
- Sold bv loadln- droifilrtc. r
Nons cctxtilne without my signature.
Q 1 />fL4-t—i~~U
6io Princo St.. New York.Madam McGrath has returned from
Paris, bringing, everything that is desir
able ! in artistic and aesthetic , models f or
house and out-door ladies' gowns.' ¦*•;
City of Paris Dry Goods Company.
Turn Verein Outing.
Tne annual outing or the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein will" take place at
San Jose on next Sunday. Special
trains : will leave Third and Townsend
streets for the accommodation of the
guests. The committee in charge- has
already completed all arrangements
for the affair.
A carload of trunks and /dress suit
cases just received at a" saving of 50 per
cent in freight. Now is the time to buy
.Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •*
A Carload of Trunks.
The alumni of Notre Dame College
held an enthusiastic meeting at the
old school yesterday. Three genera
tions, wh6 had at one time or an
other attended the institution, were In
the gathering. Young girls, matrons
and married women in whose hair the
silver is Just beginning to show,
crowded round Sister M.' Xavier, who
has been superioress of the college
for forty years.
When Miss Josephine Molloy spoke
on "Our Favorite Teacher," referring
to the beloved sister, tears filled the
eyes of many. Voices quavered with
emotion when her pupils sang "Auld
Lang .Syne." During the afternoon
the ladies visited spots about .the
grounds and talked of the happy days
they had spent there when they were
little girls.
The following were elected officers
of the alumni:
Mrs.. Kate Lawler, president; Mies Mary
Geary, first vice president; Miss Marie Ryan.!
second vice president; Miss Josephine Conlej,
third vice president; MleS Mary A. Kelligan.
financial secretary; Miss Sallle "Keenan, re
cording secretary; Sister M. Xavier, treasurer;
directors — Miss Josephine Molloy, Mrs. T. * J.
Crowley, Mrs. Gertrude Lennon, Mrs. C. B.
Fenn and Miss Agnes Mahoney.
Mrs. Kate Lawler,: the. president, was the
first pupil to attend Notre : Dame. . , - '
ALUMNI OF NOTRE DAME
GATHER AT THE COLLEGE
RENO. Sept. 18.— With a trunk, a
box and a suitcase containing 600
pounds of ore. the choicest from the
Goldfield district, in his possession,
John Sherman was arrested here to
night. The arrest was made just as
he was stepping out of the baggage
room, where he had checked the pre
cious nxk through to San Francisco. -
The officers of Goldfield had been fol
lowing Sherman and his companions
lor some time. He left Goldfield yes
terday morning and orders were imme
diately telegraphed here to shadow him
and place him under arrest. He ar
rived to-night en route to San Fran
cisco.
Sherman said that the ore belonged
to him. He claimed he bought it for
$159. Its value is conservatively esti
mated at $5000. He had a partner, but
the fellow escaped.
The prisoner and l.ls partner are
thought to be members of an organ
ised band that has been robbing the
Goldfield mines for the last several
months.
Stealing Ore IVom 31ines
fn Nevada.
Make Prisoner of Traveler Accused of
OFFICERS STOP l'lJGJHT
OF 3IAN FROM GOLDFIELD
BLAME FOR WRECK FIXED
UPON THREE EMPLOYES
Conductor and Two Engineers Lose
Positions Because of Recent
Train Disaster In Nevada.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— Conductor,
George Laforge, after seventeen years'
service with the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has been dismissed since the
wreck of train No. 5, of which he was j
in charge at Verdi, Nevada, on Mon- I
day last. Engineers Isoard and Bods j
have also been . dismissed. -' The com- !
pany has held these three men respon- j
sible for the head-on collision, which;
resulted In the loss of two lives and j
injuries to more than twenty passen- |
gers. j
When the accident occurred Conduct- j
or Laforge was helping a woman in a '
tourist car to find a ticket she had j
lost. He was so engaged when the j
two trains came into collision. Had he j
been watchfur he would have noticed j
that the engineer had taken the train i
past the siding upon "which it should f
have gone and would have pulled the
emergency rope and stopped the train,
thus preventing the collision.
CLUB AND HOME PARTIES.
On account of the popularity and In
creasing, membership or the Jefferson
Square Club the management has add
ed four more bowling alleys to accom
modate - its members. With these ad
ditional alleys the club now^enjoys the
distinction of having the largest and
best equipped bowling alleys - In the
world. Many compliments have been
extended for the artistic effect of the
arrangement and furnishings. The
ludy members enjoy all the privileges
of the club and some have become ex
pert bowlers and find the exercise most
beneficial, as well as amusing. Many
morning, afternoon and evening bowl
ing clubs have been formed to partici
pate in this popular game. v>.' C
The directors of the Entre Nous Co
tillon have issued invitations for their
fifteenth season. The opening assem
bly and german will take place on Fri
day evening, October 28, in the ball
room of the Palace Hotel.
An unique celebration of the admis
sion of California into the Union was
given by a party of Native Daughters
on their way^ to the "World's Fair at
St. Louis. An interesting programme
was rendered, consisting of music un
der the direction of Mrs. Pieper of San
Jose. Annie M. Potthoff of San Fran
cisco was chairman.
The hostesses were: Annie M. Pott
hoff and Eva McCToskey of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. Daniel Healy of Sacramen
to, Winifred McCabe of San Francisco,
and Mary Murphy and Josie Lyons of
Oakland. The guests were: Miss K.
Linn, Redlands; Mrs. ' L. Freeman,
Great Falls, Mont; Robert Martin, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Macbeth, Ari
zona ? R. Thomson, Los Angeles; Miss
A. Safford, Boston; Mrs. Murphy and
Mrs. Donahue, Oakland: Mr. and Mrs
Conrad, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. Haines, Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs.
L. Ackerman, New Jersey; C. F. Wei
and, Pennsylvania; Daniel Healy, Sac
ramento, and Miss Pieper, San Jose-
Mr, and Mrs. J. A. Davis entertained
a number of friends at a dinner party
September 11. The guest of honor was
Mrs. A. Wahlroos, secretary of Golden
Gate Club, I. S. S. The rooms were
prettily decorated with American
Beauty roses. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs.. E. A. Soderlund, Mr. and
Mrs. A. M. Wallen, Mrs. A. Wahlroos,
G. Peterson, Miss Olive Karlson, Miss
Eda Anderson, Miss Ellen Peterson,
Miss Alda Wallen, Miss Mildred Wal
len and Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Davis.
wife returned last Monday from their
stay at Del Monte.
The Misses Minnie and Dora Tamm,
who left about a month ago for New
York, chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Dosher, are the guests of their
aunt, Mrs. J.'H. Evers. They will visit
all the Eastern cities and the St. Louis
fair.
Mrs. A. J. Morris of 441 Gough street
has moved to 722 Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. Edw. Neisser of Los
Angeles are at the St. Francis.
Bishop L. B. Wilson of Baltimore,
who is in Pacific Grove attending the
Methodist Conference, is a guest of
the Hotel el Carmelo. The Bishop will
shortly make his residence perma
nently in California.
Alfred Baccus and his two sisters,
the Misses Gertie and Josie, leave to
morrow for an extensive Eastern tour.
They will be absent about three
months, returning in time to join their
family for the Christmas holidays. •
Mrs. Lucien C. Beer will return to
Bakersfield next week. She will be at
home, 1553 Fulton street, on Thursday,
September 22.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Aron have
moved to their new residence, 3931 Sac
ramento street.
PERSONALS.
Ensign and Mrs. C. P. Huff have re
turned to their home, 1118 Turk street,
after a three months' visit to Puget
Sound navy yard. /
Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Deering left
on Friday morning's overland for the
East. Their plans include visits to Stl
Louis, Chicago, New York and Boston.
They, will return some time In October.-
Dr. Alice M. Goss goes East on Tues
day to study in the hospitals of the.
large Eastern cities.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Austin Day
have gone East for. an absence of two
months. They will visit the fair.
"Mme. B. Biher has returned from her
trip to the East and the St. Louis fair.
Dr. Rene Bine and Dr. Paul E. Biber,
after an enjoyable visit to the St. Louis
fair and the East, left September 1 for
'Europe, where they will remain two
years or more visiting the leading hos
pitals. .
Miss Grace Locke of Portland, Me.,
is the guest of Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Tug
gle at their. residence. Central avenue
and Page street. Miss Locke is the
daughter of the late Joseph A. Locke,
who was grand senior warden of the
Grand Encampment of the Knights
Templar of the United States.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Winship of Napa
leave for the East to-morrow, accompa
nied by Miss Beamer of Woodland.
Their Itinerary will include 'all of the
large Eastern cities, returning home
just In time for the holidays.
Mrs. I. Simon of 1324 Hayes street will
resume her day at home, beginning
with the last Saturday in October.
Mr; and Mrs. I. . Schlanker will be
pleased to see their friends Sunday,
September 25, from 2 to 5 p. m., at
their residence, 627 Larkln street, that
date being -the tenth anniversary of
their marriage. _
Miss Eugenia . Adler will be at home
the first Saturday, of each month at
3362 Sacramento street.
Mr. andMrs.G. Stein, their two chil
dren and nurse/ of 608 Buchanan street,
will leave on September 21 for; St.'
Louis' and the Eastern and Southern
States;-.
.Mrs. William L. Frevert and daugh
ter ; of San . Diego ' are visiting ; Judge
and Mrs.; John"^ Aitken at 3663 Wash
ington street,' Presidio' Heights. ,'
Janies H. Mahoney > of , Dixon, Cal.,
returned yesterday, on the steamship
Alameda from a pleasure trip to:Hon
olulu.
"Professor A. Van der. Naillen • Jr. and
system, running across the northern
arm of the Great Salt Lake, was
to-day opened for passenger traffic.
It has been in use for some
time for part of the overland
freight traffic, but to-day it was made
an actual j>art of the overland system
and henceforth all trains will be run
over the tracks of the cut-off, which
stretches for miles in an absolutely
Ftiaight line over piling and tilling,
through the waters of the Great Salt
Lake.
When the new time schedules con
tcmr>!a.ted for the overland traffic are
put into effect an actual lessening of
more than two hours in the running
time between Chicago and San Fran
cisco will be shown, besides cutting
out the operating expenses of forty
three miles of the most difficult and
costly railroading in the country,
the trackage over Promontory Hill on
the north shore of the Great Salt Lake.
The elimination of this part of the
system from overland traffic will, it is
estimated, save about 11500 a day In
operating expenses.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept. IS. — With
out ceremonies of any kind the grreat
Ogden-Lucin cut-off of the Harriman
Koad Across Arm or the
Great Salt Lake.
Xo Ceremony Attends First Using of
OGDEN-LUCIX CUT-OFF NOW
OPEN' TO PASSENGEU TItAIXS
clever violinist.
ENGAGEMENTS AXD WEDDINGS.
Mru N." Bernstein announces the en
gagement of her daugnter Sadie to
Saul, Gruman.
Mrs. Pauline Ansell announces the
marriage of her daughter Edna Made
line ;to Louis A. Colton on Sunday,
September 25, at 1035 Page street.
On: September 7 Miss Beth Wilson
Shaw became the wife of Arthur H.
Young^ Dr. G. C. Adams of. the First
Congregational Church officiating. The
bride, a pretty little Southern brunette,
is the daughter of C. D. Shaw, assist
ant-treasurer of the Welsbach Street
Lighting Co. The grooom is a son of
the >ate W. C. Young, a large real es
tate 'owner in Lake County. The bride
possesses an excellent contralto voice
and ; is well known In musical circles,
while Mr. Young is, an exceptionally
Consul Rosenthal's career in this city
has gained him a high regard in the
Foreign Office at Berlin and promo
tions and transfers to other stations
have been open to him for many years.
But he has preferred to make his home
In San Francisco and has no intention
of leaving.
The German Government would allow mo to
retire, but I do not contemplate doing so at
this time. I feel that my health is good
enough to Justify my continuance in the office.
Of course, 1 might change my mind at any
time i.T.d decide to retire. In euch an event
iir. Bopp wvuli remain permanently as my
eucce&scr. ,\ -
I am now in the thirty-first year of my ser
vice is Consul in this city, and 1 (*el that I
have earned a respite ircra t.he taxing <2utie«
of my office. In all that tirrw I have had very
Jew \-aca.tlcns, and Cor many yeans I devoted
my *veniars tr> the rapidly increasing business.
I finally Jedded that I was sacrificing; my
Ixeaith and I discontinued the night work.
I felt that I owed myself a vacation, and I
therefore made a request of my Oovcrntnent
lor a leave of absence. It was granted, and I
will be allowed as much time am I desire. I
fcave net decided as yet how long I shall rest,
but I ahall be In a position to resume the office
BX any time.
The appointment of Franz Bopp,
German Consul General at Montreal,
to the corresponding poet in this city,
as announced in the dispatches yes
terday, is only for the time that Con
sul General Adolph Rosenthal is absent
on leave. Consul Bopp is expected to
arrive In October to take charge of
the busy San Frcuicisco station and
¦will serve during the several months
that Consul General Rosenthal will
spend in a rest from the arduous du
ties he hps performed so faithfully and
creditably during the last thirty years.
Mr. Rosenthal said last night:
"Who is the little aear?" chirped
Harry Lehr, when he saw a dainty
vision in white enter the tennis courts
at the Casino. When he caught a
glimpse of tbe face beneath the sun
bonnet he'hurried over to congratulate
Mrs. Waterbury.
"The most daring and picturesque
stunt of the season," he said, and from
Lehr that was a compliment.
Mrs. Waterbury is just above me
dium height. The effect of her white
skirt was startling. It would have been
six inches above her shoe tops, had
she worn shoes, but her dainty feet
were encased in white canvas ties. Her
stockings of white silk came into view
generously. The skirt material was of
white canvas and her shirt waist ot
flimsy silk peekaboo. About her laugh
ing face hung the truffled edges of a
sunbonnet of thin white. linen. If her
hair had been worn In curls Mrs.
Waterbury would have passed for a
NEWPORT, R. I., Sept. 18.— The sun
bonnet and- the short skirt, with waist,
is the latest walking costume for young
married women here. Mrs. Lawrence
Waterbury achieved distinction by the
innovation. She seemed immensely
pleased with the sensation her appear
ance created.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call
Franz Bopp of the Montreal
Station Will Be Sent to
Relieve Him Teniporarily
Mrs. Lawrence Waterbury
Has Achieved Distinction
by Setting, tlie Fashion
EXD AT HIS PLEASURE
Last Monday the Pacific Coast Wom
en's Press Association' met at Century
The Alden Club of the International
Sunshine Society will hold its fourth
annual entertainment at the rooms of
the Sorosis Club on Saturday afterr
neon, October 1, from 2 until 6 o'clock.
The affair this year will take the form
of a tea. Among the novelties there will
be such attractions as "tea table tri
umphs," "tea tales," "the truth teller,"
"trifles," "things to tiny tots," "thim
ble thoughts," "towel table." and other
things to be announced later. The
"talent" will appear on the stage at
3 o'cloclc An admission of twenty-five
cents will be charged— and for sweet
charity's sake.
The president of the club*. Miss Jean
Pedlar, and the following-young ladies
will have charge of the affair: Miss
Cecile Rogers. Miss Jennie McFarland,
Mies Abbie Edwards, Miss Elizabeth
Edwards, Miss Lavlnia Giesting, Miss
Nette Sexton, Miss Florence Benja
min, Miss Jessica Blake, Miss . Elsie
Young,,Mlss Virginia Dare,' Miss Mabel
Ayer and Miss Meta Stofen.
• • •
The Outdoor Art League of this city
is devising a general plan for t^he en
couragement of window gardening.
This plan of house adornment is in
expensive and can readily be adopted
by all classes aitti particularly in small
homes, where yard space is limited and
flowers a rarity.
At a recent meeting of the league a
paper prepared by Mrs. Alice Meynell,
a well known writer of England, was
read, showing that the window gardens
of London and other large English
cities had assumed extensive propor
tions and were now a feature of the
English home.
The league also has under consider
ation the subject" of forest fires. The
recent destructive fires In the Santa
Crus Mountains and in Marin County
have wrought such havoc that the
league will urge that immediate meas
ures be taken to , prevent a recur
rence of such a calamity.
The league has appointed a perma
nent committee on conventions In view
of the fact that San Francisco has
become one of the chief cities of the
country for these large national gath
erings.
Laurel Hall Club held its first fall
meeting last Wednesday, the session
resolving itself Into a welcome-home
party. On September 21 the following
programme will be given: Readings by
Laura Hanna Tharp — 1, "Just .Like Oth
er Folks" (Haight); 2, (a) "The Mer
Family" Richard La Galliene), (b), "A
Musical Instrument" (Mrs. Browning);
3. reading, selected; character dancing
by Miss Jean Logan — (a) green dance,
(b) Gretchen. For this meeting mem
bers are privileged to invite a guest
The section work for {he month will be
as follows: Historical query box, Mme.
Emilia Tojetti; mythological and an
cient history, Mrs. O. V. Thayer chair
man, second and fourth Thursdays,
2514 Washington street, 2 p. m.; civic,
Mrs. A. W. Terrill chairman! first and
third We-inesdays, clubhouse, 1:30 p.
icb.'; French. Mrs. John Martinon chair
man, second and fourth Thursdays, 140
Geary street; Foreign Teachers' Asso
ciation, 2 p. m.; original writers, Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton chairman, first and
third Wednesdays, clubhouse, 1:15 p.
m.: Shakespeare, Mrs. A. B. Evans
chairman, second and fourth Wednes
days, Mrs. W. J. Gray's, 2417 Pacific
avenue, 2 p. m.
Members of Laurel Hall are request
ed to send to the secretary at once any
change of address.
The Mills Club held its first meeting
of the year last Tuesday at the Sorosis
Club house, with Mrs. J. M. Litchfield
in the chair. After pleasant greetings
had been exchanged Miss Violet Van
Orden gave some exquisite vocal se
lections, "Sea Dreams," by Metcalf,
winning special comment. Miss Julia
Hunter completed the programme with
a talk upon physical culture.
After the tales the following numbers
were given, under the direction of Mrs.
S. P. Blumenberg: Violin solos, by
Miss Grace Freeman, "Romana"
(Ivendson) "Perpetuum Mobile"
(Ries); fancy clog waltz in costume,
Ramon Landsberger; buck and wing
dance, Lorine and Ramon Landsber
ger; pyschic Halk, Dr. T. B. Janes;
dramatic solos, Mrs. Rose Charlotte
Mitchell; accompanist, Miss Ina Lang
worthy.
That psychic talk of Dr. Janes was a
famous treat — no hobgoblins nor spooks
to shrink from when darkness fell —
but a fascinating chat upon the weird
wonders of the mind. And as 'tis said
that the women of San Francisco have
gone psychic mad. Dr. Janes' talk
swept in on the wave of demand. Much
cleverness is looked for in the Cap
and Bells, as many of its members do
things worth while.
"Now, with such things as that
ringing in our cars "for centuries 'tis
a wonder that we women aren't bigger
fools than we are," so sayeth she of
the Cap and Bells: "And therefore is
it that we are gathered together in
our little club to glean from a busy, but
a jolly old world some of the wit and,
the wisdom it holds for such as seek
them."
That really tells the tale of the Cap
and Bells— it's a wit and wisdom club.
The meeting Thursday was held at
the home of Mrs. W. S. Gage, 2470
Broadway, with Mrs. W. P. Bucking
ham presiding. The programme opened
with story telling— the fine art of tell
ing a tale with the head and tail in
logical sequence, which achievement
was, until now, an accomplishment
thought to be wholly masculine. Ah!
If the men could but have heard some
of those feminine stories, on Thursday,
there would have been a shifting of
opinions in regard to the dearth of wit
in woman.
BY LAURA BKIDE POWEIiS.
" 'What is woman? Only one of na
ture's agreeabie blunders!' Now what
do you think of that for a declaration?"
cuoth a member of the new Cap and
Bells at its meeting on -Thursday—
"and Cowper, who was one of the
gentlest of poets, said it right out in
meetin'.
Never were matters social so still as
new— never save at Lenten time. But
it augurs well for future activity. The
quiet hours are storehouses for
strength and purpose, and the coming
oZ October will bring with it the gay
est of gay seasons — unless, indeed, "the
whole cityful goes to the exposition
at once. No such fears, however, since
hosts have' gone already and are al
ready back.
HARRY LEHE APPROVES
Adolpli Eosenthal Is Given
Leave of Absence After
Thirty Years of Service
Sunbonriet Also a Feature of
the Latest -Walking Cos
tume Adopted at Newport
The Exodus to the Ex
position Has Begun in
All Earnest.
No Longer May It Be Said
That Women Cannot
Tell Stories.
To-morrow the California Club re
news its activities for the common weal.
As an influence toward civic better
ment the club has been a leading factor
ever_ since its organization, growing at
times a littJe erratic, 'tis true, but do
ing its large part in the- world's work
as it thought best. Richard K. Faulk
ner will talk to the club to-morrpw up
on the parental school, a matter that
vitally concerns the club, whose inter
ests lie with little children who stand
in need, be it moral or physical. And
much of new matter in relation to de
pendent and delinquent children will be
brought out by one who is a specialist
on those interesting subjects.
The Women's Auxiliarl of the British
and American Union l»?ld its annual
election of officers last 'Monday after
noon. The officers chosen to serve for
the ensuing year are: ?Mrs. G. Alex
ander Wright, president^ Mrs. William
Greer Harrison, first v,^ce president;
Mrs. Richard Leach, setfond vice presi
dent: Mrs. Brooker, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. William Artnitage, record
ing secretary; Mrs. Edward Thayer,
treasurer. Directors were also chosen.
Thanks were extended to the members
of the retiring board for the efficient
manner in which the work had been
carried on in the several departments,
and a hearty welcome was given to
those newly elected. At the social
meeting to-day Miss Agnes Murphy
will give a talk. At this late day no
word need be said in eulogy of the
clever Australian's wit. Miss Murphy
and her charming friend, Miss Aimee
Moore, have during their visit become
rather a part of San Francisco club
dom.
The first regular meeting of the Coun
cil of Jewish Women, Mrs. Louis Hertz
president, was held at' the Temple
Emanu-El, on Sutter street, yesterday
afternoon from 2:30 to 4 o'clock, and a
very attractive programme was ren
dered. It . consisted of two well exe
cuted violin solos by Samuel Augen
blick, an amateur, whose work shows
talent of unusual ; order. Miss Miriam
Meyerfeld, who has a mezzo-soprano
voice of fine timbre, sang two selec
tions, "Thou Art Like Unto a Flower"
(Rubenstein) and "Obstination." The
address of the afternoon was given by
Miss Eliza D. Keith, who spoke with
splendid eloquence of the old missions
of California and the Camino Real that
connected them, closing with an earnest
appeal for the restoration of the famous
old highway. The subjects for the study
circles for the year were announced as
follows: Parliamentary law; current
topics, conducted by Rabbi Voorsanger;
Jewish literature, conducted by Rabbi
Kaplan. The philanthropy circle, now
under the management of Miss M.
Voorsanger, furnished entertainments
to the old people in the various institu
tions for the aged in San Francisco.
The council holds its meetings on the
first and third Thursdays of each
month. It is a branch of the National
Jewish Women's Council, organized at
the Chicago World's Fair for the pur
pose of promoting a knowledge of
things Jewish. At the next regular
meeting, which is undf:?.* the auspices
of the chairman of the committee on
religious subjects, Henry Weinstock of
Sacramento will deliver-an address on
Spinoza. J
That talk of Mr. Williams on what
he knows of early San "Francisco will
mark a red letter day in the club"s
annals. Every able-bodied member
should be in her chair early on that
day, that not a fact of that precious
story be lost.
September 2C, ladies of the. Press As
sccialion.
. The following programme will be
presented on Monday next at Century
Hall:
Soprano solo . ....Mis.i Elizabeth Jacques
Old Landmarks Jit Ean Francisco
Miss Ina CoolbrltU
Address, "Talk on Early Experiences in
San Francisco Henry F. Williams
Soprano tcio Miss Elizabeth Ja^ues
Selections from- the portfolio (Souvenir _
Magazine) .1 .
Hall, where the pleasantries of summer
were recapitulated and an attractive
programme rendered.
And by the way, that souvenir mag
azine, prepared by the club members,
is really a gem, among the contribu
tors being Ina Coolbrith, Ella M. Sex
ton, Rose O'Halloran, Madge Morris
and many other clever women— and
thus may the humorists . be forever
stilled who say that the club is not for
real writers, but would-be
GERMAN CONSUL
TO ENJOY REST
WOMEN OF THE CAP AND BELLS BEGIN GLUB YEAR
WITH A JOLLY FEAST OF CLEVER STORY TELLING
SHORT SKIRTS
NOW THE FAD
THE SAN FRANCISeOCALT:, ;MONDAY,^SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
5
"I have met customers who com-
plained that Postum was not good, but
we always found this due to the fact
that they tried to make it as they used
to make coffee. Of course we set them
right by pointing out the reasons, tell-
ing them they must boil Postum 15 or
20 minutes after boiling commences,
then they get fine, choice and delicious
Postum." Name furnished by Postum
Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road, to Wellville."
"Coffee drinking used to affect my
nerves and stomach, but since we have
been using Fostum in our 'family in
place of coffee the bloated feeling after
eating has disappeared and my head is
now clear and stomach and nerves all
right. We all feel better In every way
and find Postum just a» satisfactory
to our palates.
Postum Coffee is not made like ordi-
nary coffee, for it takes at least 25 min-
utes' cooking to briny out the heavy
food value of Posturn. It requires some
effort for those things which are really
worth while — making Postum requires
a little care.
The grocer is in a position to hear of
those lazy ones who will not take the
trouble to make Postum correctly. "I
am well acquainted indeed with Pos-
tum." said a grocer of Camden. N. J.,
"fbr I meet it not only at my break-
fast table but I am also associated with
it daily in my business."
LAZY COFFEE
Another Same for the "Sloppy" Sort.
POSTUM CEREAL.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPAINY.
TeL Howard 1386. 110 Fonrtti St.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
SPECIALS
18 lbs. Best Granulated Sugar $1 .00
With orders. Usually 13 lbs. for $1.00.
Snider 's Catsup, per bottle -20c
Reg. 25c.
Eastern Sugar Cured Hams, per lb..l3V£c
Fancy Japan Rice, per lb >6o
Reg. 10c lb.
Enrfish Breakfast Tea, per lb.......23o
New crop. Reg. 40c. .
Creamery Butter, none better, S ib*.. .450
Others ask 50c.
Pure Cane Syrup, can 25c
Usually sold at 33c
3 paokasres Gold Dust 35o
Keg-. 20c package.
2 packages H. O. Oats 2So
Res. 15c package.
Seeded Raisins, per package. ........ .60
¦'••;.-¦ Reg. 10c package.
3 sack* Table Salt ..... m 5c
Reg. 5c sack. w
Home-Hade Catsup, per bottle 5c
Screw top. Res. 10c bottle*
14 gral. Chow Chow .1 .".... .15c
¦ Monday only. Reg. 25c jar. i
We pay freight on orders of $5.00 and
over to points within 100 miles. ;
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers anil at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
_— — — _ _ _ — —— — — — — — — — — — ¦
TV Perfect Fitting (/(Y
fy Eyeglasses cM
j At Moderate Cost (\
V 64£ / fiARKE,TSX
PalflrA DON'T FAIL TO
1 aiaVW see .^ beautify
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, tha
IIT/Hifl LOUIS XV PAR.
ui uiiu LOR and the LA _
U * 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels r 00^ J
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE MRRANTED
Edison Gold Moulded Records
Beduced _*^ Sacb
PETER BACIGALUPI
¦ Edison Ph nograph Agency
T86 MISSION ST., San Francisco
Open Saturday Evenings.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GKEAT llESTOKATTVE. IH V1GOKA*
tor and K«rvine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
• NABER. ALPS & BRUN'E. Agent*.
823 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
| OR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _>
DISCOVER?
% FOR THE
> rf LOOP, 8.8 VER. KV NG&
4gk m n R| TSjl Outfits. Guns, Ammual-
¦ 1 53 tlon. Fishing and Outing
I Si K«f n n9 Goods. Tents and (tuns to
1 l&lBaRB Kent. CATALOG FREE.
a. J If 'fl 8 B B 9 & BARBER CO..
:.¦.," VJO Market St..
621 Kearny St.. S. T.
\M. T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-I*ir.
Tenth Floor lioom 1015, Claus Spreckel* bids.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence.. 1.S02 McAllister st.-
Residence Telephone Page SG41.
. |ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure for Herrous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at uUS HAIGHT 8T..
San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT— FIRST TIME.
MISSMAZUMA
An Original Burlesque by J. C. Crawford.
.A Great. Laugh Loosener.
Sparkling Music! . Captivating Dances!
¦ Magnificent Scenery t
Our Stellar Fun Makers.
Highest Salaried Artists in America!
. CHORUS OF BEAUTIES.
. Matmeee Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES AL.WATS. • .,.
Seats Two Weeks In Advance. '
APVKKT1S1SMKXTS.
Our Specialties
FUR JACKETS AND NECK FURS
Finest Collection in Town
AT MANUFACTURERS' FBICES.
Third Floor.
...MiLLINitRY....
ELEGANT HATS
FASCINATING SATS
PRACTICAL HATS
AT FSZOES PLEASING TO ALL
PURSES.
Second Floor.
....GARMENTS....
EXCLUSIVE ELEGANCE IN
Suits— Covert Jackets — Tourist Coats
— Eveninjr Wraps — Waists — and Fet-
ticoats ¦?' '
AT IRRESISTIBLE FSICES.
Street 'Floor.
...LINGERIE....
COSSETS— WRAPPERS —HOSIERY
AND UNDERWEAR ¦"
1 AT LOWEST PRICES.
- Basement.
Dont Forgret Our Number.
MAlVAISIviUSiCCp.
: 933 Market St., Opp/ Mason.
SHEET MUSIC-PHONOGRAPHS.
GRAND SS!J&
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAT.
Bothwell Browne's Extravaganza Success
p/f/A/eess
i FAN TAN I
; PRICES.. 1 . .15c. 35c 50O li
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE i
Opening of Combination Season |
YORK STATE FOLKS |
VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES
SPECIAL MATIirCE rSHJAT, ODD
TEiLOWS' DAT.'
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Trnesdell; Marvel-
ous Melrose Troupe; T. Trovolo; I*iw-
aon and Zfamon; Mrs. Snider-Jobnsoa;
The Harry I.a Rose Company; Sooner
and Bent; I.eo Carrlllo; Al Snean, and
' Orpheura Motion Pictures, Snowlnsr
"Personal,'' tne Great Comedy Snccess.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thura»
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PKICES— 10c. 25c and 60a.
oimlYfUHiSL
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
EVERT NIGirr AT 8. '
Tha Delightful Comic Opera }
STHE go
MATINEE SATURDAT. "™"~
SAME PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c
tf*AI iHH£!l$lA m r»Liasrars
SSn^Sf, TO-NIGHT
Hamlln & Mitchell's Extravaganza,
WIZARD
OF OZ
A Success From the Atlantic ta the Pactfla.
CAPA3I.E COMPAITY, MOSTLY OIS1.3.
Evenings at S. Sundays Included.
Saturday Matinees Only, at U:15- "
.
Edward Ackerman, Lessee & Manager. • g
Farewell Week, Com'* To-27i?ht.
MK. FREDERIC BELASCO Present* fr
the Popular Actresa. i|
FLORENCE ROBERTS S
In Her Two Great Masterpiece*,
ZAZA * |
To-night. To-morrow Xight. Wednes- n
day Night, Wednesday Matlnea. «|
TESS OF TEE BTBDEBVILLES [
Thursday Nl*ht. **riday Night. Satur- Ij
day Nljrht, Saturday Matinee. 4
Next Sunday — RALPH STUART, la P
th« Great New York Success of Lart If
Season, "BY RIGHT OF SWORD." £|
Seats now selling. m
H. W. EISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT! T&i^X. TO-NIGHT!
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers
His Superb Galaxy of Players.
THE MAJESTIC THEATER COMPANT ta
| THE ALTAR OF |
[friendship!
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY MATINEES.
ALCAZAR l«r
__ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALT. WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Evg., 25c to 73c Mats. Thurr. & Sat.. 23q to-Bfta^
WHITR | AND THE ALCAZA9 CO. \
WHITTLESEY
In the Great Romantic ¦ Drama,
MonbarS
Am Played by Rotwrt ManteO.
Elaborate. Production — Flna Cast.
MONDAY. SEPT. 26— MR. WHITTLESET ta
"SOLDIEK.3 OF FORTUNE."
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South S3»
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
First Time In San Francisco of
Theodore Kremer's Powerful Sensational
Drama.
FALLEN BY
THE WAYSIDE
Depicting the Terrible Evils of Drink.
A Mammoth Scenic Production. .
DDirCC Evenings 10c to BOc
lalvEj Matinees 10c. 15c, 23c
Next— THE PANITES.
DAISY HARCOURT
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Sreninsr la too Tneater. v
TAKE A RIDB ON THE
MINIATXJSE EXXSCTBXC SAH20A3
THREE BABY LION3 IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. '
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c [ CHILDREN. 5o
When Phoning Aak for "The Chutes."
ausciSLiiAyEOiis A^rusisarEiXTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
NJSXT WEDNESDAY SIGHT
And SATURDAY MATINEE.
TWO GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS.
The Great Prima Dcnna Soprano,
&e FRANGI.SC A
Melvill* Ellis «t piano. Louis Newbauer. flutist.
Beats |2 to 75c— at Sherman, day tt Co."i.Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
It is sincerely to be hoped that Oakland's bond issue for the
improvement of the city's public vyorks an*d the enhancing of its
natural attractions will be carried. No city in the State has more
beautiful surroundings and no city has taken so little advantage; of
the. opportunities offered by nature as Oakland.
some mighty clever things, and' some
exquisitely pretty things, among the
latter "To the Woman That's Good."
. Now, these gleanings were selected
by a' committee of Spinners composed
of Mrs. Henry St.. Goar,; chairman; Miss
Grace Llewellyn ; 'Jones': and: Mrs. Alice
Prescott Smith, with, the clever aid of
Mrs. Franklin K. Lane, who occupied
the chair while Mrs. Wheeler was ab
sent-in ithe East.- TV Mrs.. St. 'Goar is
much ' of the . liberal ' credit due for the
success of the club's: first : public ven
ture. And to the club, congratulations !
CHEEKING DEDICATION.
Thus runs the dedication— James
Russell Lowell's :¦;/
Then'nll the cup! fill high!, fill high!
v 'Let Joy our goblets crown;
We'll bung. Misfortune's '¦¦ scowly ,t>ye
And knock Foreboding down!
Now,?. isn't.; that^, cheering?. ¦.Really,'
"Prosit" would be a capital prescrip-'
tion.for the nerve specialist's service.
No blues; in "Prosit."
Then there is the invocation by Er
nest S; Simpson, where, among other
things/ he sings:
'. ¦ -To the eyes. that glow and brighten
•As they -watch the bubbles swim; •
To tho lips that curl for laughing
As they kiss the gablet's rim;
To the fay that's in the- wine cup "
And the magic of her spell;
To our banished cares and sorrows —
Get ye gone and fare ye well.
Now,' doesn't that lift your heart tip
a few pegs?
To be sure, the classics herein are
all classic' . So are some that are not
classics. " i
an effusion of -Bierce: "Here's
to", woman! i Ah'; that we might -fall into
her " arms without falling into her
hands."
Oria |of' Byron's: . ,
MRS. W R. WHEELER. PRESIDENT OF THE SPINNERS' CLUB. WHO FIRST
SITGGESTED A WORK LIKE "PROSIT." THE CLUB'S WISE AND WITTY
WOMEN LOST NO TIME IN ADOPTING ' THE CLEVER SUGGESTION*.
CALIFORXIAXS who have returned from St. Louis report the
exposition to be the greatest of all the world's fairs. From
this it is apparent that St. Louis has accomplished her pur
pose, for she intended to eclipse everything in that line heretofore
undertaken in this country and Europe. All of the great manufac
turing and commercial nations have special commissions tlmre,
making a careful study of all the exhibits and noting the progress
made in products and processes. This is the educational purpose of
the exposition, which makes it pay the countries that have made the
exhibit. Its spectacular function is quite another matter! ':
As a show, interesting to the superficial observer who merely
wishes to look at things without making them the object of profound
study, the exposition is also unsurpassed by any previous eflort.
But such visitors are far. below the number expected. The Eastern
patronage falls much below expectations. Some of the most meritori
ous special exhibits, attractively housed and displayed and having
the benefit of every means of attracting attention, report a registered
attendance of only 1400 people per week. At Paris the California
exhibit made by the State Board of Trade often had 10,000 visitors
per day. The fall months may improve the attendance at St. Louis,
but the gain must be enormous to repair the existing, deficit of visi
tors and make a record of attendance and receipts that will enable
the exposition to be a success in that respect. Distance and popula
tion considered California has made a better attendance record than
the densely populated States near at hand.
It is probable that the East is satiated with these great exposi
tions. The Columbian at Chicago, the International at Buffalo and
this at St. Louis have not been far enough apart to permit attention
and curiosity to revive and satiety to disappear.
These causes will not apply to the Lewis' and Clark Exposition at
Portland next year. The population to which it will appeal is not
blase and can afford a patronage amply sufficient to make it a suc-
From the club's clever president, Mrs.
W. R. Wheeler, earns the flrst sugges
tion. With the usual discouragements'
and encouragements that envelop a
new idea the suggestion grew till—be
hold, to-day "Prosit, a Book of Toasts,"
is on the bookshelves about town, beck
oning to every lover of the stein and
wine and i the" .-- good fellowship they
stand for, 'to, buy and imbibe.
Ah ! ye who love not > the clink of the
glass know not what music sings from
out the pages of -"Prosit." Herewith
are a few of the singers -who toast:
Omar, the, Persian; Horace, Anacreon,
Milton, Shakespeare, Thackeray, Gold
smith, Tom Moore, Byron, . Bobby
Burns, Madame de Stael and others of
that immortal company clinking glasses
side by side with four own, 'mor
tal company. Here are Ambrose Blefce,
Wallace Irwin, . Howard V. Sutherland,
Gelett Burgess, George j Sterling, .Anna
Strunsky," Jack London;' James D.vPhe
lan, Ednah Robinson, Ernest Sylvester
Simpson and a host [ of others wbo say
proud proclamation: And if you don't
believe it — it's hard to believe anything
clever that's home-made — just get a
copy c&"Prcsit, a Book of Toasts," sent
forth from Paul Eider's last week. And
if your heart's right, and your diges
tion, you'll agree that that little gray
book of good fellowship is a trump.
Now, those Spinners, of whom there
are about forty and five wise and witty
women, put their pretty heads together
and concluded that there was a deadly
dearth of tasty toasts in Bohemia and
its suburbs, and 'twould be a philan
thropic thing to glean some good old
ones and to write some good new ones
and present them to a rather prosy old
world twixt covers.
PRESIDENT'S IDEA.
ATTENDANCE AT THE FAIR.
HOLIDAY — E. B.. ci^y. Congress
has not declared Labor day, the first
Monday in September, a national hol
iday. It is a legal holiday in all tha
States and Territories (and District
of -Columbia) except Arizona, Missis
sippi, Nevada and North Dakota. In
Louisiana it is observed as a legal hol
iday in Orleans Parish. In the Dis
trict of Columbia it is a legal holiday
by an act of the second session of tho
Fifty-third Congress.
THE SHRINERS — L. L. R., City.
The Ancient Arabic Order of the
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine is not a
regular Masonic body, but its mem
bership is composed strictly of Ma
sons who have reached the Thirty
second degree. A. A. .S. Rite (eight
eenth degree in England), or Knights
Templars in good standing. There are
89 temDles in the United States and a
total membership of about 90,000.
MUSICAL CONDUCTOR—Subscrib
er, City. A full dress suit, or Tuxedo,
would be the proper dress for a di
rector of a symphony orchestra dur
ing an afternoon concert. Such a di
rector or conductor might, on such an
occasion, wear a Prince Albert, but ha
would 'not find it comfortable.
CORBETT-YAXGER— J. S., Bakers
field, Cal. Young Corbett and Benny
Yanger met in the ring April 12 and
November 27. 1000.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNOR— E. S.,
City. Governors of United States ter
ritories are appointed by the President.
Answers.
A CHICAGO PARK— A. S.. City.
Jackson (East) Park in Chicago has an
acreage of 5S6 acres.
IT h?.3 long been an article of faith
to believe in the "charm" of West
ern women — even as in Kentucky,
where men swear by their women's
beauty instead of their Bible's truth.
But as charm is a mystical thing—
neither brains nor beauty, but some
thing of both — 'tis a. new thing, and
a welcome thing to find the"' "brains"
of Western women proclaimed to the*
world.
And to the Spinners' Club of San
Francisco docs the credit belong for the
"Located for from the Empire of Si
lence and close to the settlement of
Utopia, embracing in its suburbs the
Republic of Letters, its principal in
dustry is the expression of thought;'
and the freedom of its people is the
condition of their existence; their in
centive is fame, their guerdon is glory,
and their happiness springs from en
nobling employment and consciousness
of creative worth; and this land is
called Bohemia."
Maids, attention! "Here's to a good
girl — not too good, for the good die
young. And we don't like a dead one.*
Arid thus along they run — the sublime
and the ridiculous, but ever clever, un
der the following captions: To wine, to
woman, to men, to sentiment, to good
fellowship, ' to the various States, to
nations, to. the army and navy, to the
arts,' to anniversaries and the omni
present miscellanea. And, friend, if you
can't find what you want herein, pray
write of your quest to the Spinners —
the clever Spinners, they who" have
given the He to him who says. "Women,
alas! are devoid of wit." Likewise to
our well-beloved Holmes, who stupid
ly Bays, "We love the heart-woman,
rather than the brain-woman," it never
having occurred to him that women
could be both— as are the Spinners— and
others. WmSB86Rti888g£; J *
James D. Phelan's toast "To Bo
hemia" is unquestionably one of the
cleverest things of local production—
likewise has it value, since it tears
from a blessed name the lascivious
drapings that dull and lowish minds
have thrust over it:
"To a land without a flag, without
fleets arid armies, whose decrees, eman
ating from a free forum, are self
executing, and where the best rule; a
land of tranquil peace, whose love is
triumphant over death; a land limited
to no language and bound, by no bar
riers, encompassing all who would en
,ter and equal to all the demands of
labor; a land without tariffs, of un
restricted intercourse with the uni
verse, whose raw materi;.! is 'airy
nothing,' and yet whose productiveness
is proverbial; a land whose population
is joined together by affection and com
mon pursuits, and whose progeny, is
the children of the brain.
rilELAX'S "TO BOHEMIA."
Let us have wine and women, mirth and
laughter.
Sermons and soda water the day after.
"Tis evident that Byron knew not the
solace of the bromo-seltzer.
Clever and Pretty
Things Found Be
twixt Its Covers.
Naru a Bit of Blues
in a Book Worth
Possessing,
MUSIC SINGS FROM OUT THE PAGES OF "PROSIT,"
A CHARMING BOOK OF TOASTS BY SPINNERS' CLUB
A mother and a son's fond love.
The sweetest earthly' tie.
So like the one in that fair land
Where never comes a slsn.
•Mary A. Jones, in Philadelphia Record.
Then await me at the door, mother,
•Twill fill my heart with Joy
To know you are thinking of
Your ever-constant boy.
I want to join you all to-day.
I sigh for home and thee,
No lonser can I stay away
From loved ones near to me.
I'll place my hand in yours, mother.
And look into your eyea
Full of affection beaming there
For which my heart oft sighs.
The same fond love for you, mother.
Proves constant, ever true,
Was there ever such a lover.
Oh. tell me, that you knew?
I've been lonely, my dear mother.
This cloudy, gloomy week.
And sighed for you as no other
To whom my heart doth speak.
I am coming:, mother, dearest.
Await me at the door;
You are ever to me nearest
Each day I feel it more.
Meet Me, Mother.
The counselors of Europe are now inquiring whether 1" ranee
is ready to throw over. the Russian alliance which' has served her
so well in the days of reconstruction and embrace the idea of a
close understanding with England and Italy as the other high con
tracting parties. Certain it is that in the last sad year of Russian
difficulties the republic has done no more than live up to a per
t furictory adherence to the letter of the alliance, the while turning
willing eyes to the delicate overtures of England. Will a total
defeat of the giant of the Xorth bring about a complete realign
ment of the powers, with France espoused to the cause of isolated
England and the crippled Slav leaning upon a friendly German arm ?
This is the question now buzzing through the star chamber sessions
of the diplomats.
TUCKED away in the corner of a London newspaper there
recently appeared the modest news note announcing that the
British Army Council had determined upon removing from
the lt-le of Jersey the regiment of regulars stationed there am'
leaving to the local militia the dignity of representing the military
arm 'of the empire. Thus for the first time in. years this little
outpost of England, which lies almost within cannon shot of France,
is to be left without a semblance of protection.
Though insignificant in its superficial essence this move on the
part of the British Army Council carries with it certain demon
stration of the present spirit of diplomacy between the ancient foes
on either sides of the channel. Not since the Crimea, when fear
of the Slav joined England and France in active alliance, has a
rapprochement between the two powers seemed to embody such
a spirit of accord and unanimity of. sentiment as that existing at
present. The arbitration treaty of last year, followed by the sub
sequent arrangement of difficulties between the two countries in
the matter of North African control and South Sea jurisdiction, led
to the visit of King Edward and the heaping up of diplomatic
attentions on the part ofVthe enthusiastic Frenchmen. Six years
ago "Fashoda" well nigh spelled war; to-day Jersey Isle is left
without a redcoat.
A FRANCO-ENGLISH LOVE FEAST.
A CAMPAIGN SCENE AT ESOPUS.
COPYRIGHT 1004. BY SPECIAL ARRAXG EMEXT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL XV 1TI1 THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL
THE expansion in general trade observed during the past several
I weeks still continues. The changed conditions from dullness to
1 increased activity are strongly illustrated by the pronounced
increase in the bank clearings over the corresponding, period last
year, the gain last week being 18.1 per cent, while the volume ot
clearings mounted from about $1,750,000,000, where they have been.
for a month or two, to $2,150,000,000. The increase at New \ork|
was 31.8 per cent, at Philadelphia 164 per cent and at Minneapolis j
26.8 per cent. The failures for the week were 224, against 219 for
the corresponding week last }*ear.
On this coast the conditions are decidedly bright. As we are
largely dependent upon our crops for our income, the agricultural I
status' is the main feature to be considered. The wheat crop of Call- '
fornia is below the normal, but the grain is bringing such very good
prices and is in such brisk demand that -the deficiency in the yield
is more than offset by the enhancement of the returns. The barley
crop is also comparatively light, but it, too, is bringing profitable;
prices, with an excellent demand both for local consumption and!
export. Oats arc unusually high and #ery firm, with a demand j
which absorbs all the receipts. Wool has been very firm for months, j
with a first-rate demand, which has taken all the arrivals at good •
prices. Hops are extremely firm at quotations almost 200 per cent j
over cost of production, and with the bulk of the 1904 crop already
passed out of growers' hands, and it is only the middle of September.
Hides are in good request, with an advance in salted stock. j
With the exception of raisins and prunes, which are in oversupply
and neglected, dried fruits are in active demand and very firm, with
peaches end apricots passing out of growers' hands at a rapid rate.
The hay crop, though large, is selling at very good prices, which re
turn to the farmer more than good interest on his landed investment. .
The grape and wine industries are reported in satisfactory condition, \
with the wine merchants in the field wanting to make contracts with j
the grape growers for five years at profitable rates to the latter. The j
bean districts are not behind in the wave of prosperity, and in the i
Lima districts down on the southern coast buyers are bidding $4 \
per cental for this description, with the growers very firm in their j
views and not disposed to let go. The dairy interests have had a j
most excellent year, with prices. considerably above the normal and j
a fine demand." which has consumed all the butter and eggs pro- j
duced, to say nothing of very large lines brought in from the Middle ;
With the farmer thus highly prosperous, active and remunera- ;
tive trade conditions ensue as a matter of course, and as a result we I
have a lively local and export demand for the products of our soil, j
plenty of money in the city and country banks and in private hands, j
an active demand for country real estate at prices which show an ;
advance over those ruling for some years, an equally good move- 1
ment in city and town real estate, with building operations during
the past year larger than they were several years ago. It is safe j
to say that, bright as trade conditions have been during the past five ,
or six vears, they are even now on as sound and encouraging founda
tions as at any time during this period, though the activity may be
characterized by less fever than during the preceding two or three (
vears.
TRADE CONDITIONS STILL CHEERFUL.
But It can be stated here on the
strength of the doctor's own clear-cut,
nervous handwriting— in the inevitable
purple Ink. without which I suspect ha
would consider himself quite helpless —
that he Is about to begin writing a big •
sociolological work, on which he has
been meditating for the last six years.
It may be said in a general way that
it will deal with modern tendencies of
mankind as manifested in the unrest
of our time.
Dr. Nordau's work is generally writ
ten in German, although he seems
equally at home in English and French.
His latest novel, which I understand
has an American hero, was translated
by Miss Elizabeth Lee, sister of Sid-
ney Lee. the Shakespearean scholar.
Dr. Emil Reich, whose industry, ver
satility and fiery zeal reminds one of
Dr. Nordau. is also spending his vaca
tion—In his favorite Contrexaville.
France — working as hard as when ha
stays at home. He has In hand a huge
scheme to bring his native Hungary
more prominently before the world at
large; is editing a series of readers on
philosophy, theology, natural science
and political economy for a new Lon
don publishing house; Is putting some
finishing touches on his "Universal
History." and amusing himself be
tween whiles with magazine on
slaughts on the critics of his latest
book, "Success Among Nations." The
doctor stands manfully to his guns in
what was considered by some of the
American papers as an attack on
American woman. He says it is ab
surd to interpret his appreciative com
ments as an attack. But he has a def
inite impression that there are lines
along which American womanhood
could develop to greater usefulness.
and at last accounts he was setting
down these impressions with his usual
vigor and enthusiasm for immediate
publication in the United States.
LONDON. Sept. 1.— Dr. Max Nordau,
the author of "Degeneration." Is about
the ' last man In the world one would
expect to find busying^ himself with
fairy stories in the midst of a life
crowded to the uttermost with science,
literature and Zionism, not to mention
political correspondence. Yet I re
ceived a letter from the versatile doc
tor yesterday in which he says: "I am
finishing now a book which is to stand
alone in my life work, namely, a vol
ume of fairy stories, mostly humor
ous, but some also pathetic, as I told
them to my little daughter, Maxa,
from her fourth, to her seventh^ year,
which she accomplished in 1904."
The doctor writes from the island
of Jersey, whither he has gone from
his Paris home in the Rue Leonie for
a bit of "vacation." which he is enjoy
ing in the fashion prescribed by the
good old proverb, "A change of work
is rest." Since "Degeneration" made
so much talk in the United States, Dr.
N.ordau has written no other book of
this sort, turning his hand # indeed to
the writing of novels, of which the
translation of the latest. "Morganati
cally," is about to be published in Eng
land and the United States.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Dr. Max Nordau
Writes a Volume
of Fairy Stories
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY-SEPTEMBER 19, • 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
D. SPRECkJIs Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO wf.naeW
JOinf McVAUGHT -— Manager
rUPMCATTON OFFICE THIRP AND MARKET STREETS. SAN^rkA^gSCO_
MONDAY SEP^MBER 19,, 1904
6Ciml Systems and Cabinets.
Index cards, filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all modern office systems in
our stationery department.. Printing and
bookbinding at lowest prices. • Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
"WEATHETi CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails orar Nevada
acd Arliona and fair weather over the remain*
!nc portion ct the Pacific slope.
The prerrun- r.is risen rapidly over th»
nmhern half cf the V'a?iflc siope and remained
nearly ftRt'c.rary over the southern.
Tlii Ussprnttorc h ta ri»cn In Northern Ne
vada; ia oilur dlctricts tha changes have beca
slight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending ' midnight. September 19:
Northern California— Fair Mcnday; warmer
In the Interior; freeh northwent wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday. •
Pan Frnncisco and vicinity— Fair Monday:
!!ght northwest wln.l.
Los Angles and ricinity— Fair Monday; light
¦wr««t wind.
Sacramento and vicinity— Fair; warmer Mon-
Fresno and Tldnity— Fair: warmer Monday.
C. H. WILL8CN, Local Forecaster.
TemjK3r3r«ly In Chars*.
(t20th M?ri ran— Paciflc Time.)
' SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. IS— 5 p. BX.
~ ~~ t THE COAST KECORD. '
' TMiTT
&TAT1O.S3. J JilJ il f~ •
\ ?1 i if
Caker 29. fW 72 42 N Clear If»0
Carson 2:>.S0 7m U W Pt.Cldy .02
Eureka TO.0»! 6R .">4 N Cloudy Tr.
Fresno 2J.'>4 fC M NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon..:''.fil «:7 RS SE Clear .00
Flagstaff :r>.?U 7» 40 K\V Pt.Ctdy .CJ
Pocatello S>.!«> »» M S Pt.Cldy .«>
Ir-UtyecUenco .-:r>.M 7>* .".it S Clear .CO
Lcs Ansele3..j:).3>i 73 »;D W Clear .CO
Mt Tir.ia;pa:d..;'t.C4 eJ 4S S\V Clear .W)
North' Head.. ;t0. 10 51 SJ NW" Clear. .CO
Phoenix £».*¦) l»4 C3 NW Pt.Cldy .()<?
Pt R?jvk Lt..l w >.!»7 «•; C3 SW Clear .CO
Portland :r).C4 tK 4:; NW Clear .W
Ked U.u.'f 2OJJH 74 .V* ralm Pt.Cldy .CO
Koi.fcurs ru.00 70 4* N Clear .0<»
Sacramento ...r>.y« 7t .".s s clear .i*>
Salt Like iO.S* SO .. NE Pt.Cldy .0*
San Frar.cisco.::O.C-* fS M W Hear .<X>
Sen L. Obi»uo.2!i:<AM Tii 50 W Clear .00
San D;tgo 'JO.W 72 CO NW Clear .00
Seattle 10.il CO 4.S W Pt.Cldy .Co
Spokane r!>.9i; 7*J 5O NW Pt.Cldy .0<»
Tatoosh ?.nA% &"« 43 NE Clear .CO
Walla Wulta.. 20. <.»f 7H M W Clear .CO
Wlnn-mueca .2"».W « 4S S tloady .CO
Yuma 01 «« S Pt.Cdy .00
bordered with almond and English walnut
U«eS; producing some alfalfa und grain, and
i-ai »•> 111K scn-e cows, pigs and chicken*;, the
OWnef will find Bomcthincr pruduceU tor niai
ktt t-veiy day In the. jcar, while his family
living will nearly all come direct irom ihe
•oil tc tills.
A set of Interesting facts may be
found in E. J. Holt's review of \the
lumber industry of California; A. H.
Naftzger writes of orange growing;
Lewis E. Aubury speaks for the min
eral wealth of California. J. A.
Filcher considers topography; George
C. Itoeding writes about the fig and the
olive; Dr. T. C. Deane tells of the oil
industry; Charles Bundschu contrib
utes a telling article regarding viticul
ture; Arthur R. Briggs. treats of the
dairy industry; George L. Emerson of
the honey industry;, L. C. Bryce vt
poultry raising: James M. Taylor of
beet sugarr A. J. Wells of California's
health resorts; Elwyn Hoffman of
travel in California; J. R. Knowland of
the past and present of Spanish mis
sions; * Robert Furlong of California's
schools; J. K. Lynch of banks and
banking; Rev. Charles R. Brown of the
moral and religious life of the State;
James D. Phslan of commerce and the
commercial relations 'of California;
Peter J. Shields of cattle raising; D. D.
Allison of raisin growing: J. Parker
Whitney of orange growing. In the fc-ot
hills of the Sierras; Charles E. Ban
croft of manufactures and manufac
turing; David Starr Jordan of the
fishes -of California, and Carrie J.
Pratt furnishes a historical; sketch.
JOYOUS OPEN-AIR LIFE.
Of. course it is Impossible to give up
suftlcierlt room ft-r even brief extracts
from many of the articles. There Is a
tang in the writing of William Greer
Harrison about, the outdoor life in
(California that will be appreciated.
One of his paragraphs is as follows:
Hut ' the jrr«At charm of ' California' la that
always and everywhere -you can live in- tho
open, except in " the tiriff Interval when rain
Is moM abundant. Fullness, of days, rather
than length. 'la the desideratum. A" weak man
is a travcuty on nature. Better fifty days of
fctrenw-uo full life than one hundred year* of
vegetable' existence. Hut in California, long
life and full days co tosrather.r In the free,
open life of the* Golden State there Is no ex
cuse for lack of health; only the Inherently ln
doltnt euffur. All who accept the i treasure* of
the air. the nea.the forest and the- ocean as
their own put en the full garb of man and wo
man snd live #uch a full life as can be lived
only 1 In California. The Joy of living: .the
rapM-courslng. ,llf«-makli:g btooti; the. clean,
full lunes;, the buoyancy of . youth in middle
aged man — thepe are. ours, and we thank Gcd
for ure: :s»iSt8^fe?g*5gg^BaiaMaffiB8a
\VEATIIi:ii 1IEPORT.
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and lmm all trains,
steamerj, etc., at low rates. One trunk <sin
fcife trip) :i."i cents; round trip 5u cer.ti. Mujtuii
iin;«.»Mi LiKilvei>, :.(ib Ybylur xt., uott fttnlwcf
s,i., OakLund Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 4ti*
The Jury In the case of Thomas
Davia, charged with feloniously as
saulting: Mrs. Emma Ames on board
the- steamship Alliance last October,
failed to reach a verdict and was dis
charged yesterday morning.
I»avi-i Jury Dlseharsed.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. Sept 18.
Btmir Queen. Cousins. 54 hour* from Vic
°Stmr \V H Kruger. Nordbcrg. 27 hours from
Eureka. ,
ritrm- Drookiyn. Car'.son, 10 hour3 from
Bixbys Landing. - *
Stmr Gteenwoocd, AValvIs, 11 hours from
Iversens Landing. ¦ -';"'
Stmr Rival, Foecn. 20 hours from. Needle
'stmr Ncrthland. nonlfield. 61 hours from
AEtoria; bound south; put in to land pa-»-
Sir.grtrs.
Stmr Whitesboro, O'.Een. 17 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Centraila. Erlckson. 40 hours from San
Pttiro. _ . •\"j
taimr Lakme. Chrlstlanson. 42 hours from
Rcdondo. '¦
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 25 hour3 from Eure'xa.
Smir N'ewport, Corning. 5 hours from Half
tr.ocn 13ay.
Schr tA.?i!e K. Stark. 10 hours f;om San
Vicente landing.
Schr Mary C. Camvbfll, 10 h:ur3 from
Sunday. S:pt IS.
Stmr Newrort. Corninjr. Halfmoon iiay.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Fostn. Greyi Harbor.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 1'ort Koagerj.
HLmr i*anta Koia, AltxanCer. San Dl.-gu.
Stmr Samoa, Madscn. f.'aspar.
Stmr Cilpsy. Leland Monterey.
Stmr Cua'.a'.a. Kalnin, Delmar.
Ktmr Northiand. UoniGeld. San Pedro.
Schr Ida A Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Point Reyes.
Schr Lettltia. Ander.«on, Grays Harbcr.
Schr North Ilend Jaclcaon. Coos Bay.
Schr Sausalito, IJahloff. Coos Bay.
SPOKEX.
Per tug Defiance. Sept IS — Off Point Reyes,
schr H D Bendizsen. from Port Blakeley,
for San Frsnclsco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sej)t 18, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. -
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept IS— Stmr Cottage
City, from Sbagway.
POKT TO\i"NtjnND — Arrived Sept IS— BirU
Louisiana from Manila.
COOS HAY — Arrived Sept 17 — Bktn ChehaUs.
hence Aux 2U.
Sailed fiep'. IS — Stmra Arcata and Break
water, for San Francisco.
ASTOIUA— Sailed gept 18 — Stmrs Acn:e.
Aurslia «cd Kedondo for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept i»— Stmrs Coquillc
River. Eureka and Francis H Legsett. for
San Francisco; schr Lottie Caiaon. tor New
port: stmr Toledo, for Crescent City.
Arrived Sept IS — Stmr Homer, htnee Sept 17.
I*OKT TOWNSEND— Arrived Eept IS— Bktn
S O Wilder, from San Pedro.
In straits Seirt IS— Schr Sahome, honca
Aug 24.
TATOOSH — Paesfd In Sept 18 — Star Rainier
hence Sept 15 for Seattle; Br stm r Wytfle'.d,
hence Sept 15 for Corara.
Pasted out Sept IS — Stmr Tamp'co. for
Nome.
SANTA BARBARA— Sar.ed Eept IS— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco; stmrs
Coos Bay nnd Chehalls for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Palled Sept IS— Br bark
Lord Temple town, for Calico.
Arrived Sept 13 — Bark Louisiana, from
MahHa.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept IS— Bktn Jamea
Tuft, from Hakodate.
OQEAN STEAMERS.
- aiOVILLE— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Bavarian
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded'
BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept IH — Stmr Potsdam
from Rotterdam, for New York.
GLASGOW — Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Liuren
tlan, for New York, and pass.d Instrahull
Sept 18.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Ceor
glc. for New York, and passed Kin?ale Sept
IN; gtmr Siberian, from Glasgow, for St Johns
N F. Halifax and Philadelphia. .
At rrlved Sept 13— Stmr Lake Manitoba, from
Montreal.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Frtederich
der Grosse. for' New York. . via Southampton,
and passed Dover Sept IX.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept IS— Bmr Uin
brla. from Liverpool, for New York.
DOVER— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York, rla Boulcgr.e
NEW. YORK— Arrived Sept IS — Strar United
States, from Copenhagen. Christiania ..and
Cbrtetlantand; etmr Arabic, trom Liverpool
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Overdue FlccU
The overdue tle*.t has be«n cut down to the
fcilowm^ vessels*
The ship Ur.r\Jowle. US days from Gee-Ions
to Falmoutb, S uer cent reinsurance.
tjh 1 1 > crown of Germany, 63 days from
Shanghai to Hoyal Iloads. 5 per cent.
bhip Moli«re. 5J days between same ports.
Xi per cent.
lisploslon on the Loomis.
A rtUpatih from Portland announces that an
esplcslon took piece yestenloy in the enaine
r<H>m of the steamer George Loomis of thia city.
Flivman W. II. Whelan was fatally burned
and much Jamace was done to the machinery.
The cause of the explosion la unknown.
FIGHT TO BE WAGED
iX U>*IOX STRONGHOLD
Silicon Mrn cf Balccrsfleld. Backed by
; Citizens' Ai: lance, Will Try to
' Secure "Open Shop."
BAKEKSFIELD, Sept. IS.—To-mor
row at noon the saloon men of Ba
kerslleld and Kern, backed by the
Citizens' Alliance, will take down their
union cards and the bartenders say
they will go out on strike. The
movement is the first of a series
planned to trine nbojut an open shop
policy in all lines in what has been
considered one of the strongest union
towns. In the Stat»\
The trouble with the bartsnders be
gan with two saloons conducted by a
firm that employed a men named
Johnson. . The unions refused to
admit Johnson to membership.
The Alliance was organized here
-about two months ago. The labor
leaders say they expect a fight to a
finish and last week a speci.il meet
ing of the Labor Council was held to
consider the situation. It was stated
that the alliance would be allowed to
make the first move.
Topics Selected Take a Wide Range and Are Rich
in Information of Great Value.
Franco all of Itaiy north of Rome and
hait of fSp&iiy lie ixvth of the north
boundary ot" California." He says:
11:a rr.et that latltvdp has little to d) with
our clitt.aie is a 1 iii.irkable teuture. It Is
Uujt tic^ 01 i»a;y, ,^r ii.tie is a treat vari
ation ihtre bf.t\v<.tn the temperature north and
*cuth. It Is not trus ot Kraocse or el«»wh<re
;'.lcr_ the wtst e<,ant 01 Euroi*. W« believe
thia lo bo a peculiarity unique and loutui only
pn this, coast. This '.ncuaarity is lurtiier at
te.eted by the fact ihai in all this vabt region
the same units urc j;rown. Within h radius
of hity miles anmnd Orovllle, which la lTn)
nV.es north o| . k .:.n Fianc:»>co and OiO miles
iit/i ih oi Los Aiutirs, t inre were mure than
1UJO- c.iiloBilH ot uranses raised last year and
*hl::!ed uut of thu etat'*, and they ripen
earner than Mn tna s-uuh. Klevallon has
much more ta do wiCi temperature thnn lati
tuae, tur in hlRh uituudis we nnd snow, our
mountain .summer Kiin.ate. is extremity de
lifchtiul and is dettimd to draw many Ka?tern
!>eorile to the mimerovs charming retreats in
the Sierra and the Coa.-t Hauge. nut afttr all
Is 8ftk!, it must be ctMcedttd that climate is
our greatest resr.yrce- l«cau?e of its hirh ec(J
nomlc valve, 'ftu unthinking | tp;ak of cli
mate as an attractlun latoer than a rciiourc*,
but It is a resource .b-scause by its Influence
*e are enabled to so rnarVelously dlvfrtflfy and
increase the number o'our agricultural-prod
ucts; and often, too,' all thefia products may
be ,ro»n on the same body oC land. It is a
reso'.rce, beeavse rr.an'a labor here can b«
prr.fitnbly employed every day in the year;
because there Ih no month when vegetation In
.some form is hrt pr'jwlns nnd ticcauKc It fur
nishes* Ideal condltifint* icr the growth of lr
rlftated ere?*. Them ia no time whrn all na
ture, is at rest or plant life is sleeping, .n
the. field, orchard, garden, factory and In the
mine*, on the stock farm ttr.it in th» dairy,
every day 1« a day of productive labor. W«
commence shipping frefh de<?lduou« fmlts In
May and there I* no conation until Decem
ber. In November we r*jsln to ship rltrus
fruits and they overlao the <!rclduou» fruits
and continue in fnct tho voar throush.
CAili TO .IMMIGRANTS.
Colonel John P. : Irish voices "Cali
fornia's Call to the Immigrant." This
is of an much practical interest as any
topic that can be Eelected. "It. is not
pretended," writes. Colonel Irish, "that
California supplies 'any specific from
her wealth of sc-il and sunshine that*
will cure unthrift,' bad judgment and
lack of faculty, or, make the do-less a
doer, but there is legitimate basis of
belief that here the average man may
woik, in greater comfort, more -days
in the year and earn his bread easier
than under the conditions that prevail
in any other State or country." Then
he says:
All stenff fruits ar.d the fig, pomegranate,
orange, lemon, lime, pear and apDle are pre
cocious bearers. The peach will bloom the
second year from tlv^pit. . On the Mediter
ranean the olive fruits measnrly at seventeen
years of arc; here It bears c , full crop at
seven. In the Ka*t he mi st be a young man
who plant* a. trte expecting to reoosc in lta
shade or to eat Us fruit.. Here old men may
plant and surely expect to enjoy the results.
The growth of animals I* not checked here by
the withering winter nnd a yearling horse is
the equal of any Kastern two-year-old.
But,- It may be asked. Is not this precocity
of . animate and Inanimate life combers ».ted
by early dacnv? The answer Is, No. That
rule has here its exception! The peach tree
that liloon'3 before thi shell of the Dit.that
bore It Is decayed bears on for thirty j-ears or
more. O'lve trees thit furnished oil for the
sacraments of the okl mission fathers a hun
dred years arosnnde the graves of the .gar
dener* who planted them and ripen their y«ar
ly eron wits unabated enerry.
- But mfn fall In California? Yes. Men who
buy lur<d and hltv It 'planted and worked, run
ning it on the absentee landlord system, fall
hern and everywhere. So do men fall who run
manufactures and trade on the same , system;
But men who take here only so much land as
they have the,- mean* and the ability to con
serve,-and can properly till and tend with the
labor of -their own families, do not fall, for
here < nature help* the- industrious .hand, and
nowhere One dot* lnt*llle*nt labor add as
much to the value of the land, for the reason
that h»>re r.atutn hold* one handle of the plow.
Horticulture here rises to the rank of a pro
fession. •-: Our soil and climate are go adapted
to; It ' that 'fruits from every ¦ sone may be
grown ' The clemency of " our climate and lta
halcyon quality Invite enterprise and ingenuity
to experiment In all horticultural i refinements.
Ne> equal area of , the earth's, surface has pro
duced profitably a -variety of the; fruits of
tree, vine and nhrub equal to that of California
•No place pre#ent» better : facilities for va
riety farm rnp as It Is practiced In the Mississ
ippi -Valley. "Wrth a-smal! tract of land which
may ba • cared ', for; by; the • labor of an > ordi
nary- family,- wlthteome orchard and -vineyard
be extinguished and the Immediate delivery
of the precipitation Into the channels of the
central diaiiu.gc of tlieBe arias will vastly
augment the torrential character of the
strean-.s ar-d ultin?aUly de.nioy th» navigabiltiy
ot the prlnt-ijal water hife'lnvays or the Htate.
fSreatly incieascd maximum flood Btattea dur
lii(f thc> rainy Btiiun w..uld eiijitie und unnav
iKable lew w at.r in the vtvtr channOlH tur a
period ot £ix rSontlK in each y»*r wjuld fol
lOT.-.
-CIJ3I ATI-: AXW IxATITUlJljL
General, N. P. Chipman calls atten
tion, while consirieiing the climate of
California, to the ract that "it is not
generally appi eclated that all of
one thousand carloads of apples in lOCIS. The
counties next prominent in apple-growing arc
Sonoma. Mendocino anr] Pan Luis Oblspo.
while many other counties have pood apple
orchards in less total acreage. In fact, Irom
t>an Diego on the south to Siekiyou on the
north localities exist which afford the eleva
tion or the coast *M>otiurt«» which favor the
production of rociI w.nter apple* and planting
is progressing in all th'.se dlstricla. . . %
FKIITS IX VAKIIuTV.
Information about the apple is fol
lowed by facts anent other fruits. Short
extracts of general interest follow:
California ha? --bout 3,u*i,co6 aorl't » frees,
which stand in the upen air without protect
tion of any kind and bear large, lu.stioi s iruit.
That a',ritct trees can do thin oitjxiH-f-'R ona
of the unimi,' features of Cali.oni!a fruit
growins and uroolaliiiS It illfferent iriin truit
ftrowir.j; In other ftalis. A point of advaniase
with the awk-ui, aft with the pear and peach
anu ti> a Its* extent with the nectarine anil
plum is that it has thre« great lines of de
mauii: F'.m, as frefh fruit, or which Jr51 car
loads were shrpped CO Eastern markets last
year: ser« nd. ns cannfd fruit, with » pr^luut
of 648.71G cases, each containing two dozen
i!'4-pol'nd can*; i-mrt, 'lu.O-M.UCo ooiindn ui
dried apricots N»-arlv ;!.O1K),CH/O apricot trees
are trriwlns in Ca'!fnrni-j: counties having
more than ICO, 000 trees each are as follows:
Santa Clara. s»<ilano, Ventura, Li,a
«nd Aianiedr, while several i.-.:;«r couutlrs
cicely aroroa^Ii that limit. Same j]f tlusj
countlie arc .M>0 miles Ipnrt and their "sutveira
with tv>e a;irtcot shows how widely suitable
locations are distributed ever the State.
There arc about 7.V»,0O» cherry tre«« In Cali
fornia, of whU'h Santa Claia. Alameda, Yuba
ana Solano have the largest planting*. Cherry
drying has never largely prevailed In Califor
nia. The shipment of fre*h fruit to the East
has ov'Tcctre ua chief difficulties and Is n;w
rapidly ir.creaningr — tho shipment i»f l$*0.'{ »K
grtgatlnjr m >re thun "JOi) i-ailoads. Cherries
ore conMentIv nr^wlnr in volpmc n^ •••innM
fruit, the product of 1000 being about 200,000
taces. Tne acic-age at inc pri-Btfni lime is ex
tending on tne ba.«s of the improving ship
ping: and rjimilri: i*emcn<1.
The peach has a very wide range In Cali
fornia. It poes lieyond the apricot !n the
wan vallws north at San Francisco: It joes
bes de the a?r : cot wh?rever tlia latter thrives
in. the interior; ri*e« a thnusand feet above It
on the foothills and Roes lower on the plains
Into the frcsted areas with Us? danger.
MILLIONS OF TREES.
Four counties — Placer, Fresno, Tehama and
Santa Clara — hove more than- 500,000 tree*
each. While, /\:n«.».. H •!.»*.«. h».«ujr.a —ia 'fu.u.i
have niot>! thjn trses raijQ, Abuut t«"n
other counties go ub-vt the KO.ii.0 mark. Tne
California pemh, though It ' la. now emineni,
has even a Ereater future before It.
llf-cnuiw of the conditions favorine the.
growth of pears tUe most popular market sorts
in greater beauty anil volume than they can l)e
produced In older States and countries, tho
California pear has commanded wide attention
in dUtnnt parts of the United States, and,
like the apple, ".as commanded Uie highest
prices for the frrfh fruit in the London mar
ket: t-> the uear stands next and very
clcse lo the peach in this trade, 171S> carloads
being s*ilt:>ecl out of the fclate in 1UCI. Tiia
psar aiso is hlch In canning, thp product be
lns: 423,831 cases; In drying, the same is true,
ais tho ncrmal annual output It about (i.OOO.OCu
jioundy. The penr rerembics the peach In Its
wide i-ahre ovrr ecc.sst valley. > Interior valley
and fo/u!:l!l Mluaticnp. but it -extends -beyund
th« reach, for it eoe* to* an altitude of COCO
feet on the mountain* and it descends to the
lowect places In tlie valleys for neither frost
nor standing water can avail against It.
FORESTS OF CALIFORNIA.
"W.. H. Mills has a very valuable
essay oh the forests of California In
which he^says:
A ecnrf rvative. approximation of the quan
tity of merchantable lumber Ftandlng In the
forests of California reaches the vast total of
four hundred and forty billion feet. Since the
forests of California are found In the moun
tainous districts of. the State, the topography
of the floors of these forests possess interest.
Topography Is the controlllnK factor in the
economic production or lumber from California
forests. Thene forested lands are divided Into
hjdrographlc district*. In the commercial
a*j>ect of the subject the catchment area of a
system makes all the forests grown ur>on It
tributary to the canyon line which consti
tutes the central drainage of that hydrographic
area. In the parlance of the lumbermen, the
lands In a single drainage area car* usually
be "worked tcsether"; which means that the
instrumentalities of bringing the loss to t ha
mill and the lumber to trunk lines can be
brought downward to the central line of drain
age, and the construction and maintenance ot
thepe Instrumentalities is very coetly. The
profit of lumbering l*. therefore, largely de
pendent upon the magnitude of the enterprise
relating to these hydrographic districts. .• :
• At" least seventy-five per cent of the forest
floors of California are Incline planes, and of
these planes at least .sixty per cent have a
declivity of twenty ; degrees.
The epace allotted to this article in this pub
lication will not admit of any extended dis
cussion as to the effects of forests upon the
climate of California or the influence denu
dation would have upon the meteorological
conditions of the State; but It will be accepted
as a pardonable digression to call attention
to the very obvious, fact that, since 'seventy
five, per cent .of the forest areas ¦ of California
are found uoon Inclines of. from : . fifteen to
thirty decrees, the absence of. the forests. win
cause the soil upon these slopes Ur disappear.
The heavy 'rainfall of the region will erodd
these declivities. and very soon lay tho under
lying bedrock bare. The soil floor of the forests
having disappeared. Its reservplr capacity t wlll
SOME -TYPICAL SCEXES SELECTKD BY THE CALIFORNIA COMMISSION KRfl
TO THE ST. LOt.'IS EXPOSITION TO II^LUSTRATK 1NDITSTH1E5? Ofr* THIH
STATE AND MADE PART OF THEIR COOK FOR GENERAL DISTRIBUTION.
Gmxnlslilp Msrblciicntl.
The lone cruiser Jlarblehtad Is the only war
vesstl remaining of the gallant ft>?t that lay
in tlie harbor last week. Then the ttasshtp
New York, \vit:>. hfr subordinate vessels, th*
Boston. Uennington, Harbleheail. I'aui Jon«:. I
and Uuss.an rru.ser L.sna, lo«t fror.i |
Vladivostok en.i looking for a place of refuse, |
wtre '.n '.ort. T.e ly.na Is *i Mini Isiun.l, i
pr-panng'to Ui?rru.nt!e, and tho tnited Staf»s [
warshlns hOTu ji.nc to sea. The Marbleliead j
wouM "h.ivc it-ii-ipiHinied tl-e iKet to Masda
lona Itay for the autumn target practice, but
the duty ot eaecrtln^ Ui- Russian to the navy
yard ci:t har uut from thml selMdolei and *he
will remain in this harbor icr an indefinite
poitoil or until all jossibllity oi any more j
i-iina\»ay ltu»?.Bn vesstls belnj 8»"n on this j
const u) '-ast. Ho. If Uh rumoreil Itu«aian I
ciuiKd K-Jre.i comes here Captain Tern Fhelps |
of t'.i" llarl 1 : tr.d will see thJt no fanatical j
Ja'parWM b!u«fl her u;i while she 13 in this |
p« rt and will finally ccnvoy her to Mar? Island,
wher- she will yuietly dbarni, as :he Lena 13
doingr.
The most ambitious attempt that has
yet been made to give to the world in
une collection of essays the facts con-
CerttlBg characteristic industries of Cal
itornia is to be attributed to the Cali
fornia commissioners to the St. Louis
Exposition. More than thirty leading
Californians have devoted time to sup
plying information that is practical in
its bearing, and the collected essays are
now getting wide circulation among the
crowds that visit the exposition. There
are undoubtedly thousands who will
peruse what has been written, and cor
respondonce and general enlightenment
will follow.
There is much in the essays that is
admirably adapted to teaching Califor
nians what there is in this State to ad
mire. In a condensed form or in ex
tracts there is much that Californians
¦uill read with pleasure. "California"
is the collective name that the St.
Louis commissioners have placed on the
essays that they have caused to be
written. The text is illustrated with
I'ictuies t.f scenes that reflect the genius
of the countr;-. While there are thou
s-anrls of strangers in the State who
may not visit St. Louis, some portions
of the essays are considered to be time
ly for publication.
BRIGCJS ON AGRICULTURE.
Arthur R. Brig^s. manager of the
California State Board of Trade, is the
author of two articles that are included
in the book issued by the California
commissioners. One of these, with the
caption of "Agriculture in California,"
contains much that is new. Among his
many statements are the following:, se
lected for use here on account of the
amount of information contained in
them:
When it Is understood that California, the
e«rond Ftate in tlze in the Union, has a total
land area of 155.WVJ square milee. or M.mi,
20u *crcs, of which 2S.9 i«r cent, cr Ufr.SJS.Sd
acre* were included In farms when the cen
sus of 1JK!O mi taken, some general Idea of
its magr.itude ac •» farming area in received.
BBt m I*rt cf California has yet been devel
oped f» Its capacity, either as to product*
or In the selection of ru< h »f are ultimately
to be of the greatest profit. Intensive farming
has been exemplified in eeveral counties, bui
not one of them has its whole cultivable area
in crrj». Another consideration in ertimatir.R
the arrt<*u'tural possibilities of California is
that the soil and climatr are favorable for the
growth of all the products — that is, valuable
ar.d high-priced crops — which made the re
frion around the Mediterranean unique and
jrave it an exclusive trade until California in
tervened; also, that here in the Fame local
ities and in adjoining traits the raisin, the
ft*, corn and rther rer»-a!5. and ell the vegeta
tion and fruitage comnj.TT. to the strictly tem
perate zone, thrive to p^rfectlcn.
TRANSFORMING FARMS.
That the extensive grain fields of former
years have been or are being converted into
tarrr.e of lees acreage df voted 'to a new culti
vation, and that the combined harvester, which
cuts, tl.ntfhea end sa.rk» the prain ready for
market, with Hn thirty-two niuks a* a pru
ptlling power, is gradually being supplanted
with the machinery ruited to smaller holding*.
are evidences of a n«w and mote modern c.v-
Uizatlon which Is In the line cf industrial
progress. But thi»» <5o*"« not remove California
from the lift bi large cereal productions. The
grain product of the htate. though small as
compared with *ome icrmcr years, for the
sta*cn 1002-03 aggregated r.TT.OCS.SCO pounds
cr 8,&CS.1O8 bunheln of wheat, S75,OC0,O00
pounds or 182.201, ice bushels of l«irley. 12.
i «-r..u -l «» pounds of rye and 117,500,000 pounds
of t<c«ns.
Agriculture In California, It ought to be un
derstood, '.as natsed ti.ruucli bevtral phases.
Immediately after t!ie subeidenoe of the char
•rterlsuc *-ra p< placer minlr.jr the cultivation
at cereals begsn on a very large «?ale. l^uit
was ••.,... i.^ tu be oniy of &dvant»i:e f-r
home :.••¦:.- When It waF disco\*ercd that
green deciduous fruit* could be successfully
•M.ri.i>i as fur eastward as the Atlantic
. • hh. and ult'.nsetely in Europe. &n«i that the
d:st.iibutio:t of canned and dried frultft might
be effected on a larger <-orom»rcls.l scale, other
branch** ii farming bi-can to attract atten
tion. Intelligent t xr-f-t iim-nl« lod to the discov
ery of many fruit varieties that could be *uc
vesffully irown and rnarkett-4.
No a^riruitaral esr*riment that has ever
t**n tried in California has been « failure
Irom th» vleviioint cf crcductlon. It is ac
«>?pte<l a* .¦ fart that "overjthir.g will grow in
1 'iL. .'.•¦¦ :,.h ' Its FM.-it variety of elevation
imJ • " cliiaate provide &I1 th« cor.dltlor_H es
rential for pl»nt rro\rth. The njrs: fctbidding
de«ert* bloBsrm lik» the rose at the magic
loui-h of wettr. PJenty waits only industry
intelligently «i-i ::«¦.!. «o rive large rewards in
»:i oat-ts of t!ie ftate. with the erceDtlcn of
?he hirhtr altitudes in the rr.nuotafiir-. The
JoMriillu and the vallf-ys, the Interior and the
«aft counties alike, are prolific j n agricultural
product*.
It will b* s-?en that agriculture in California
covers a wide •jr>r>o and affords opportunity
f>r in-itortant development. The laft quarter
ft a <-enfiry h»s «riven demonstration suffi
cient to Jufttry txot^-tation fsr beyond any
;»»•»« de*-cV.t»ment. Tbe Application of mcl
»nt!fSc methods is brlnginu into this depart
ner.t cf lndastry Jntclllgtrce and capital from
various part* of the world. promh-Ing great
remits. ,
TRIOrril OF IRRIGATIOX.
Much that is of Interest -may be
learned by reading an artjere by Wil
liam EL Smythe entttleTr~"Trlumph of
Irrigation." Detached paragraphs are
selected herewith:
The mission fathers cave the natives their
first le«ons in- the art of Irrigation and the
beautiful gardens and orchards which sprang
up in the early religious communities Illus
trated the agricultural possibilities lnheren*
In Otflfomla soil and sutrhine. But the
modem era of Irrigation began fifty years ago
with the founding of Anaheim, some twenty
rr.Ues southeart of Los Angeles, by a colony
of Oerman-Amerlcar.s. Anaheim Is rightfully
pmud of Its distinction as the mother colony
Far more widely celebrated, however, are
RJv*r«ide ana the numerous settlements which
c*mc Into being ¦* the consequence of Its ex
ample and inCusnce. Amonj these are On-
tario, Pomona. Etlwanda. Corona, Redlands
and many others. The lamous communltlk»
represent the maximum achievement in honie
builuintc on irritated lands, and have no real
rivr.ls In any »*rt of tne world, M far as
rkiil In the apjjlicatlcc of water and beauty
of public and i-rivate improvements are con
cerned
NORTH OF TEIIACHAPI
Although Southern California was first to
utilize irrigation, this is by nu means the
largest field of the industry, 'ltie beautltul
southern counties enjoy u tame wholly out of
proportion to their gtotcrapmcal area, which
ih erectly In their cieuit. and which is due
to their success in putting water upen the
land lar more than to any other single fac
tor. Hut it is the r»-irioii HUTU <*l the paca
of Tehachapi which was endowed bv nature
with the greatest valleys of fertile soil and the
most abundant supplies ot available tor
irrigation. The climate, too. is fully equai to
that c>* the south In iiroductive rai-aclty. In
deed, the earliest fruit ot every kind, includ
ing oranges--, is grown hundreds of miies north
Of Ivos Angolet. It ia difficult to convince
i:«Etern people that this it. true, because of
Lbeir Inherit>-<1 prejudices as to the meanlns of
northern and southern latitudes', hut It Is.
nevertheless, a tact beyond all disi>ute.
nie wremX mf-rior ba"in m Cailtornbi. in
cJosed between the Coast Range and the Si
erra., extends n^nh ami siui.-i of uie uay of
.-an Frantisrn for hundreds uf niHes In dliher
<:ii-ecti(<n. 'Shi s-utn-rn j>«rtloii of it, known
as the Han Jnuquin, ha* a Dumber of sreal lr
risaticii systems, kny <j:i«- nl which MippHeS
m..rf land -'han l» iiiigyted in the ;j:n >in. val
leys <if ScKithtrn »'«i!ifcr:iiu. In uddiliiin ¦ to
thV-fe t're3*i BXftems, there art many smaller
ones. I'erhai'S the nnsl strikit.rj dtvel>ipj>urit
is that In the neighborhood of y*reeno, which
im the ce:itf-r vt thu raisin district. Here a
very n-oi catt!<» country ha3 bsen converted
into a Jan.i of £mull d:v«-t>ifie.l rarms, sus.lain
insr a coniDaratively den'-e population.
The 'T.ll'y ot l!.e S?ai-rai!ionto. consti
tuting the not thorn '.-.alf cf the sreat interior
bahin. :s even mijre ohunrtantly vatered H far
ns the Bhtural niroly is ccr.cornrd. but is far
i^.ore bSXkward In irritiitlon development.
Tliis is due t-. the fact that unr.lal! Us heavier
ancl m^re reliable. *.<> that cni's arc raised
witii ut artificial molstuic. The Haorar.iento
rp?ir>n is ncv, in the vtage of tranRltlnn from
large to Stoat! larir.s and lrrlsation Is being
lapidiy extended in ccns>e(:ufnre.
hi the tw-autiful cfvtft region the same pen
eral statement is true, although the small lann
unit has rsreopded irrixaticn in many locali
ties. Certain Pl*s»>ea of fruit ary rcisnl suc
ofn fu!;y : hy ni^ans of the wintei rain^ali. but
the :<rtduct:ve capacity of the sill is xreatly
cnhar.cod by irrigation. Not only so, but ii
rlpatlcn inures jt n.ittlhle to diversity the
crojs to :he lanf deeree and to take full ad
vantace ft t::e wcr.dprfut i-lir-atc by raising
Fiici-fM'IV'J rn>ps of small fruits and vegetables.
Th;» explains the rariid E7res4 of the art In
all ;^orticrs ths State.
As a whole, It may hi raid that ths irriga
tli.n indr*:ry cf California is yet in it* in
fancy. What has s<> far bren done is little
:r.ore lhan thl foreshadowing cf the great
achievtment which in to corns.
TILLING THE DESERTS.
The creatert single example of the triumph
f.f irrigation !n Culifrvrnia Is seen in the big
region formerly known us the Colorado Dtsert.
This it- the della fit the river of that name, in
the extrcir.' southeastern part of the State.
extending ovc-r the border ot M»xlei>. Here
daring private 'nterpris / : has undertaken what
m«J4 UVf bten au ideal task for the Govern
ment Itself — th* reclamation of nonr'thlng like
a mill'cn acres of the most fertile land in the
world.
So recently as January. 1901, not a single
whitf man Uwclt iu the r<?tli-»i ana even 1.1.
dlkns were scarce. On January 1. lyii2, a party
cf a dozen purveyors had the i>lac«! to them
s»lvt«. On Jtr.uary 1, MQ3, SOW r*tt!ers had
arrived On Januar:* 1, l!>04. there were, ap
proximately. 10.0C0 people there, with several
:o«t.«, a rallr. ad. telegraph, t'-iephon*. many
6t<.)CR. % r.ati r >nj»! iv«nk. ar-1 with 70.000 acres
in actual cultivation. It sounds like a
tale from the Arabian Nlguts, bat it id abso
lutely true. And even the truth of to-d«y is
pale compared vrlth the promise of to-morrcw.
A great river broucht under human control
makes all the difference between hopeless des
olation and the highest forms of civilization.
Professor E. J. "Wickson of the Uni
versity of California has treated the
subject of '•Horticulture in California."
He begins by calling attention to the
fact that fruit growing and the manu
facture of fruit products constitute the
leading industry of California. Dealing
with fruits in detail very valuable in
formation is afforded. About the ap
ple Professor Wickson says In i>art:
California has about 3,51)0,000 apple trees,
of which one-fifth are not. yet In bearing. The
success attained In growing a winter apple
v«-r>' «atlsfactoty to the trade and cspaMe
of distant shipment constitutes this fruit on«
of the most promlclng and popular at the pres
ent time. About one thousand carloeds are
shipped beyond State lino*, and a considerable
quantity reaches the London market, selling
at the h'.gheft j*ric?a. There are two distinct
branches to the apple Industry of California.
One Is the growing ot i-ar.y varieties like the
Astrachan a.nd Uravecslrin for sale in the
northern i>arts cf the Pacific Coast and "in
the Interior mountain States before the earliest
ajiplf* can be ripened in lho»e part*. The lo
calities where the6« early varieties are chiefly
prown for such shipmtnt are In the Sacramento
Valley and tb« foothills norroundins; it. Th*
forcing heat cf the eprinjr and early summer
bring thene varieties quirkly to notable size,
crispness and flavor. This heat, however, con
tinued Into the summer and autumn, make*
the same districts quite ill-suited for the
Krowth of winter apples, which are prematurely
ripened and lack quality and keeping power.
The second, branch of the California apple
industry, then, the production of winter ap
ples. Is undertaken In parts of the State qult«
different In climate from that of the early ap
ple regions. The requirements of a winter ap
ple are fully met by two main divisions of
the State, viz. : The smaller valleys close to
the coast — In fact, !n some capes, the coast
flats, where the exposure Is directly toward
the cooling breezes of the ocean, which pro
duce a cool summer — a long, slow-growing
seaeon which develops the greatest beauty
and highest quality In a winter apple. Simi
lar results are also produced by the climate
found at an elevation of from 2500 to SOGO feet
on the interior plateaus and in the moun
tain valleys. The coast district has developed
a greater commercial apple industry than the
mountains, because transportation facilities for
shipment are vaetly better; but as the State
advances the mountain districts will be em
ployed in this production much more largely
than at present. The greatest apple district
of the State i> the Pajaro Valley. Including
parts of Monterey and Santa Cruz counties,
centering at Wataonville, which shipped ' about
Specialists in Varied Lines Write Entertainingly
of Characteristic Industries.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ) From. | Due.
Furrka i Humboldt JStpt. 19
Montara ..'Flattie [Sept. 1!>
St. Paul ; Nome & St. Michael. . I Sept. 1!»
Arcata i Coos Hay * Pt. OrfordiSept. 19
Kiizafceth I Coqu:!l? Hlver ISept. 1»
San I'e-Jro ! San Pedro (Sept. 1»
Son->ma ! Fyrlney & Way Ports. iSept. 19
£tat<? of Ca!.. j Fan Diego & Way Pts.lSept. 1»
Ki!ith •; Tacoma Sept. 20
Corcna j Humbotdt [Sept. 2i>
Urtakwater...' Coo? Bay iSept. 2<>
Nicaria ' Harr.turjs & Way Ports|8ept. Xrt
North Fork... ! Humbtldt Sept. 2O
Porno •. .. Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 2©
Iaqua Humbol<lt S«Pt. 21
Arr.o Ke\ Ulver J^rts 'Sept. 21
Aurella I Portland & Artorla.... Sept. 2t
Loo* ».iy ! Pan Pedro & Way Pts Sept. 21
Columbia j Portland & Astoria.... 3ept. 21
Enfrrrise I Hilo **Pt. 22
Cormado drays Harhor Sept. 23
Chicn : Coquill* Klver Sept. 22
fjaelic..' China & Japan Bept. 22
San Juan New York via Ancon. JSept. 22
Point Arena., i M*ndocino * Pt ArenaiSept. 22
Rantn Ucsa... San l>i«>ro & Way Pts.lSept. 23
Pomona • HumboUlt !3«pt. 23
Redoado Portland St Hay PortslSept. 2:«
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 2-1
City Pucbla... Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 23
Bunlta 'Newport & Way Port*. Sept. 25
Nevjdtn j Honolulu A Kahului.. Sept. 23
G. W. Elder...: rortlan.l & Astoria |S*pt- 28
K;:;ni.r I f=«-attie <fe ReUlnJcham. ISept. 26
Curacao Mfsicsn Torts ISept. 27
Umatilla Puset Sound Ports. .. .[Sept. 28
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon. 'Sept. 28
TO SAIL. "
Steamer. | Destination. Calls. Pier.
• ! Septeai-ber 19. I
Centralia... inrsys Unrbor 1 pm Pier 10
Lakrac | Humbolilt 12 m Pier 20
K. I^epett..; Lot Ang»!« Portj. 3 pm'Pler 2
Alliance I Furelca & Coos B. . 5 pm|Pler 19
San Pedro. -¦ Humholdt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona ; llumfcohtt ll:30pPl«r »
O. W. Elder ¦ Astoria & Portland 11 am PUr 24
Jeanle ' Seartle k Tac«ma. & pm PUr 20
: S<.ptesab«7 20. .
Orejronlan.. • New York Pier 25 *
E:jr?ka I Humboldt 9 »m Pl«r 13
Elizabeth... Co^ui!!* Hlver 5 rm'Pler 2O
Korea china & Japan 1 pmtPler 43
Bonita Newport A Way... 9 am)Pler 11
September 21. |
Arcata Coo» B. .% Tt, Orfd 10 amlPler 13
Arctic HumboliU 0 amlPltr 2
, I September SX |
Coronado... ll.os Anceles Ports. 10 am'Pler 10
Ccrcna , Humboldt l:3O p Pier 9
Porno ' Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 2
Stat»ofCal. i San Pleso & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Queen P'lget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
September 33.
Argo Eel RtYCT Ports... 4 pm Pl«r 2
I September 24. 1
S. Monica.. I Grays Harbor..' JlO amlPler 2
Pt. Arsna... Point Arena 4 pm I Pier -
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am|Pter U
Chlro Cuquilte Illv*r lo am Plfr 2
Aurelta Astoria & Portland) 5 pm Pter 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandill am Pier H
Peru N. Y. via Ancon.. .112 m Pier 40
| Scptmibcr 27. I
City Puet!a.iFuc«-t Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S«TT*-aaber 28.
North Fork. HumboUt 5 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Sfatt> & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
September 29. I I
Sonoma I Sydney & V%'ay | 2 pmlPler T
FKOM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. galls.
Cottage City..; Skagway Sc Way Ports. Sept. IS
Garonne i Nome Sept. 20
Dolphin • Skajjwaj St Way Ports'8;pt. 2i»
Olympia Nome & N. E. Stheria. ISept. '-"O
City Seattle.. ISIrsufwaj J| Way Ports. |3ept- 21
Dir'lgo ! Siagway <t Way Port*.|3«pU 21
Ftrallon Skasway tc Way Puru.Seyt. Zt
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time ar.d Height oC High and Low Water*
at Fort Pcint, pi trance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority ot til*
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur »t
the city front (Mission- itreet wharf) about SS
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.
Sun rij'3 5:54
Sun aers «:12
Moon seta 1:10 a. m.
O ITimel (Time! ITlroel |Tlme
o Ft. I Ft. I- TV !
• |L*W| jH W| [L W| |H TV]
IS ~o'.V,\ ~0~4l 7:4S[ 4.4,12:49 3.1 8:48 4.8
1» 1-40! 03 K:42 4.e| 1:50 2.0 7:51 4 1*
20 2 : 2!»' O.3 0:C7 *.» 2:42 2.B{ 8:47! 4.8
21 :*. : C7! 0.4!10:W( 4.!>! .{:27 2.3| »::»» 4.?)
a ! 3:4-1 O.«;iO:4t'! 5.0? 4:C5 2.010:20' 4S
NOTE — In the ahove exposition of the tld««
the early morning title* are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In th« order of occurrence as to time: th»
I. .drill tin*. ¦» column gives the. last tide of th«
day. except when thsm are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heishls given are la
addition to the snuniings cf th« United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus t — >
etsn precedes the height, and then Us* number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the loTver low waters.
•
Movements of Steamers.
ALBANY. N. Y., Sept. 18.— The quar
terly bulletin of the State Department
of Labor issued to-day has this to say
as to the situation in State and na
i lion:
• "In the first quarter of the year, ow
i ing to labor disputes, unusually cold
and stormy weather, and lessened ac
tivity in a few industries, employment
i was very poor, but subsequently there
j was so much Improvement that June
j and July actually* surpassed the ree
| ord year of 1902. Among approximate
' ly 100,000 wage earners in the various
industries of the State, 137 per 1000
were reported idle at the end of June,
1904, as compared with 231 and 145 in
i June. 1903, and 11)02, respectively; for
j the clcsn of July in 19o2. 1903 and 1904,
! the respective ratios were 156, 173 and
14&. The principal' cause of this im
j provement was the phenomenal activ
ity in construction work in the lead
ing cities.
'•Conditions of employment in the
I entire country manifest similar im
provement, according to the late sta
* ( ttetics collected by the American Fed
j eration of Labor. In the September
issue of the American Federationist,
tho official magazine o? the federation,
It Is said that among 85.450 members of
1032 local unions, making returns for
1 July. 1.6 per cent were without em
ployment at the close of the month,
i while a month earlier the 1891 unions
making returns reported 5.1 per cent of
the membership as unemployed, and in
\ July. 1903, the percentage of unem
! ployed W&3 3.3." -
i ¦ • ____
EIGHT-HOUR DAY PROBLEM.
. Jntcrnationiil Typographical Union to
i Take lU'fcrcmlnm Vote.
I -INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 18. — In ac
i cordunce with the resolutions adopted
' at the recent St. Louis convention of
the International Typographical
( Union, that organization will, within
! a lew dny?. begin a referendum vote
of the members, whlrh wijl dotermina
whether or -not the organization shall
pledge itself to the eight-hour day.
Great Improvement Is Due
to the Phenomenal Activ
ity in Construction Work
The construction of the lighthouse on
Mile Rock, for which the preliminary
work has begun, will be attended with
gTeater difficulties than the engineers
anticipated. The rock, which is a prom
inent object at the entrance of San
Francisco Bay, is always submerged by
waves during stormy weather. It is
about three-eighths of a mile north of
Point Lobos and its area is about 1000
square feet. This will be reduced by
cutting and blasting to 701 square feet.
Its form will be changed from that of
a cone to a pyramid. On a base sixteen
feet above low tide the steel cylinder
will be built as the foundation of the
lighthouse. Over 800 yards of concrete
will be required to fill the cylinder. The
rock itself will be excavated, and down
in these submarine caverns will be
rooms for water storage and for the
light and siren engine.
The blasting operations can only be
carried on at extremely low and still
water. Only a few hours can be used
during the twenty- four, and weeks may
go by before an approach to the rock is
possible. The rock itself is of a Hint
formation and exceedingly difficult to
dig through. The schooner Wing and
Wing, which is ntted for the work,
cannot get nearer than forty feet to the
rock, and men and material must be
thrown ashore by means of long booms.
During the last month only a few
hours' work has been donel but the con
tractors hope to finish the construction
of the foundations of the lighthouse
within the four months assigned for the
completion of the work. The great
foundation cylinder must be built up,
plate by plate, from the water level,
subject to the state of the tides and
winds. No lighthouse on the Pacific
Coast, not excepting the famous light
on Tillamcok. has offered the peculiar
problems and difficulties of construc
tion fount', at Mile Rock. The comple
tion of this work will be a triumph in
civil engineering and the addition of a
splendid light to San Francisco harbor.
and Qteenstown; «mr Bluecher. from Ham
burg, Dover and Boulgne; attar Panninia, from
Trieste. Fiume and Palermo.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed S«pt IS— Stmr
Friederich der Grosse, from Bremen, for Nt*r
York.
UNEMPLOYED ABE FEW
New York State Department
Issues Its Quarterly Bul
letin on the Situation
Work Can Only Be Dene at Extreme Low Tide
in Perfect Calm-Cruiser Marblehqad, the Only
Warship in Port, Is Watching for More Russians
LABOR OUTLOOK
IS PROMISING
DIFFICULTIES IN CONSTRUCTING
THE NEW MILE ROCK LIGHTHOUSE
LEADING MEN OF CALIFORNIA CONTRIBUTE INTERESTING FACTS
TO ENLIGHTEN THE WORLD REGARDING RESOURCES OF THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19,, 1901.
7THE SAN - FRANCISCO ; CALU, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 100£
8
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — Pemale— Coa
AUSTRIAN girl wants position; house or
chamber work. S017 Twentieth st.
WANTED— Small washing and piecework to
take home. 520 East Eleventh st.. Oakland.
JAPANESE woman wants position as plain
cook and housework in the city. Address
MRS. NOBU, 4 Carlos place. •
JAPANESE jrirl wants position as cook and
do housework. K. F., 539 Stevenson st.
ADVERTISF.MENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton' 3 Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
sagraoYarEgT waittep— male.
A POSITION wanted by American. 37 years, of
age, as coachman or man about country
place; thorough horseman; understands care
-of cows, lawns, etc.; handy with tools:
strictly temperate; best of references. Box
1328 Call ofttce.
WANTED — Work by an experienced detective.
U07 Market St.. room 104. v
EASTEKN gentleman, first-class salesman;
what have you to offer. Box* 1493, Call office.
GOOD barber wants steady work. Address box
1714. Call office. .
MINING man, thoroughly reliable and compe-
tent, age 3.'{ years, strictly non-union, wishes
to have charge of work in or about Goldfleld,
Nev.'; best of references. Room 47, Win-
chester Hotel.
MAN and wife want places on ranch or pri-
vate place; good all-round man; understands
care of horses; wife good plain cook. L.
THOMPSON, 162 Fourth st. <; . '
COLLECTOR — Situation wanted by a man of
several year's' experience; best of re ference
and bond furnished If necessary. Box ltX»6,
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS sober painter, paperhanger.
tintcr and gralner wishes a steady position
in. a large building or for an estate; state
wages and particulars. Box 1S50. Call.
STEADY, reliable youns: man. 29. experienced
bookkeeper, desires position as bookkeeper or
. assistant; Al references: your interest ia my
Interest ; wages low to begin. Box 1510, Call.
GERMAN wlnemaker wants to get a place In
the city or country as cellar master or assist-
ant; has 15 years' California experience; can
give good refererce3. 1074 Howard St.. r. 1*.
YOUNG man. 28. steady and willing to work,
would like position with gasoline engine firm
with a view to help him in his studies. Box
742. IOCS Market st.
WANTED — Situation, by an engineer and ma-
/ chinlst. with 8 years' experience: also un-
derstands electrical renerators, motors. Ice
making, firing with oil. Box 12*5, Call.
COMPETENT foreman for vineyard and cellar,
also experienced in orchard, wishes position.
Please apply CCO Sacramento st.
W r ANJED — A position by a flrst-class Chinese
cook; family or boarding-house. LIEN
YUEN. 1113 Clay St.. tel. 3658.
¦YOUNG man. 22 'years old. writing a good
hand, want* position in office; quick at fig-
ures. Address box 1K63. Call office.
FRENCH pastry cook, used to flrst-class hotel;
well up In puddings pies, souffles, Ices.
SCHANTAREL. 605 Eddy St.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands care of private place, wisties posi-
tion; references. Box 1823. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, steady, sober, wants
situation as porter and lunch man; can cook.
Box IS53. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cake and bread baker de-
sires a situation in the country or city;
state wages. Box 1712. Call.
DRUGGIST. 8 years' experience in East, wants
position; ilrst-clasa references. Address box
1517. Call.
MALE nurse and masseur would like private
case, mental or Invalid; best of references.
G. W.. 127C Ellis st.
CHOREMAN wants position on private place;
institution or elsewhere; references: wages
?•'!!' a month and found. Box lf.r>7. Call.
WATCHMAN, married man, aged 33. desires
a steady position: first-class references. Ad-
dress box lt>!7. Call office.
RELIABLE, steady, sober man wants position
as day or night watchman; city or country.
633 Sacramento St., Overland House.
GRADUATE masseur wants patients or steady
position. Address Box 1450, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as hat presser.
1222 Howard st.
WANTED — A position as night watchman.
Address T. D., 7tiS Mission st.
FOSITION in wholesale house: 3 years' experi-
ence. Box 180J*. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter would like place in large
establishment; late of New York. Address
232 Scott st.
WANTED— Position to run elevator. 233 Third
street.
JOB wanted for a boy. 16, In store for errands.
Address E. CAKE. &44 Jessie St.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. Box 1S1!>.
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants cositlon with mercan-
tile house; exyerience and references. Box
l-lC". Cell office.
Al COLLECTOR; can furnish bond. Box 1486,
Call office.
PORTER wants situation. Address box 1470,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engineer nnd machinist wants
position. Box 1655, Call office. .-.» '
WANTED — A position as bartender. Address
box 1656, Call office.
WANT work on srrmll contracts ami jobbing In
carpenter work. A. M., 3475 Nineteenth at.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, wants small set
of books to keep. Box 1405. Call.
GOOD Chinese, fine cook, wants position In
private family; wans $33 month up. L.E1I,
SING. 717 Commercial st.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework;- who understands thoroughly:
city or country- Address GEORGE. 502
Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do saloon
ai-.d store cleaning:, morning tim«. S. G»,
1504 Folsom st. ; phone Folsom 33S5.
A JAPANESE, good cook wants a position,
city or country: wages ?7 up; or schoolboy
in city. FRANK, U31 Sacramento it.
GOOD Japanese boy, gentle and heneiti wishes
position at housework: speaks English well.
YAMA. 21CG Flllmore st.
JAPANESE wants position to work after 6
o'clock. JAPANESE GEORGE. 422 Geary.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE — Steam automobile for lot or
house and lot. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Sta-
tion. South ¦ Berkeley.
riiATS TO EET.
¦ /
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25i> Geary
St.. on the square.
TO let — Just completed; 3 beautiful flats, 7
and 8 rooms; rent |50 and $60; 1304-1308-1308
McAllister St., . N. W. corner of Steiner;
must be seen to be appreciated; open from
0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FOR rent— Oak St.; elegant new flats: 6 and 7
7 rooms and bath; rent reduced; facing Pan-
handle. 1021 H Market; phone South 622.
GREEN, 2132, nr. Webster— Most elegant new
10-roora upper flat, with attic; sun all day;
superb, unobstructed marine view; $70.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NEW -Upper and lower flats; 6 sunny rooms;
bath; rooms tinted; ?25 and $30: northeast
corner Twenty-second and Fair Oaks its.
CALIFORNIA. 1254. Nob HIU— Flat to let-
present tenant will sell furniture at bargain •
no dealers.
BRYANT, 2362-2372, nr. Twenty-second— Six
rooms and bath: large back yard; new ex-
. cellent accom. ; $25 to right party; water free
BUSH.' 1664. below Gough.- 16 wer fiat^-$23- 7
very lartre rooms; no objection to children!.
COLE.V {«53, , near. Carl— New modern upner
gunny flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $32 5oT
ELIZABETH, 707— Modern new flat. 7 rooms
and bath : rent $20. S . ' * rooras
FREDERICK. 4R4A— That new. elegantly deco-
>. rated 7-r. flat ;2 toilets; mod.plumbing;f27 oq.
Address box
THE 'J9 CALL
JOHX D. SPKECKKLS. ... Proprietor
Address Commuuicutiun* la
JOHX McXAUGHT Manager
W. J. aiARTIX littsincss Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Departm at Vou Wish.
Publication Office Market «nd Third. S. F.
Editorial Koosis 1117 to 221 Sicv*n»on «u
Dellvered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Vtr Week. T5
Cts. Per Month, single Copleis i ?- t *:,,, v
Terms by Hall. Including Posts** 'C**h W «B
Order) . ,„ „«
DAILY CALL flnclud. Kim-lay). 1 T<**- •??•<*'
DAILY CALL (inciud. Sunday). «_mos... 4 CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „•}*
SUNDAY CALL, i Yetr ~f°
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •i""»i,Vi
fDailv JS M) P«r Year Extra
FOREIGN ] ?*"?'•„ 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. | Weekly IO0 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
ttcpie Copies -'111 be forwarded when re-
Quesied. , .
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ia-
trtus should be partiouiar to give both.AEW
AND OLD ADDRESS ia order to Insure a
prompt and correct corsijllacco with UieJ re-
lUCM.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone M*ln 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
tUS Center Street Telephone North u
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. YV ALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAND: j
WaJdorf-Abtoria Hotel: A. Brentaao. 31
Union Square; Murray lii'.l Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HcSrr.uii House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houee; 1*. O. News Co.; Crest
Northern Hotel: Tremoct Hjuse: Auditorium
Botel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KBOGKESSi Marquette BuiMlng.
lLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2ttl9.' >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH -0 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco Call.
corner Market end Third streets; open until
V! o'clock every nirht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. «jppo£ite Firth; open until
11 d. m.
IT7 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
a:3t» p. m.
too Hayes street; open \intll 9?30 p-m.
fc33 McAllister street; open until a:30 p. m.
t:J5 Larkin street: open until :<:^'J p. m.
1941 Mitt ion nr- i; upen until lu p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: ci»«i until V p. m.
1C3G Valencia street; open until a p. o.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: op>n until 9 p. m.
. MEETOTQ KOTICSS.
OFFICERS and members of California J^
Conursundery No. 1. K. T.. are hereby VS^
:iotin<d lo ;.:-.-- r.:'.>> at the Asylum, fyt
TUESDAY. September 20. at 1 p. m..
for tlie j'urpose of conducting the
funeral of uur late Sir Knipht. R. A. ELY.
Hy older of the Eminent O;mma.nder.
CHARLES M. PLUM. Eminent Commander.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON, Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate jCommandtry <«_!-£
No. 16 K. T. C25 Sutt^r ht. — .<tatp<l i«sT~"
assentbly THIS EVENING at 8 JjUj
o'clock. All f raters are courteously \/
invited. Br order of the cornman-lcr.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ©
Arrh Masons. m«ts THIS EVENING. >r\f
Business and dejrr*>e 4. /tf\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lo^Re No. '._ F. and ra
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING VSf
at 7:30 o* flock. Klrct degree. By
order cf the master
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S I»dre No. 2tJ<». F. Q
and A. M.. l!yr.i Fillmore Kt. — Third VV
degret THIS < MONDAY) EVENING /VS
at J::» «/ cluck. .
_ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CHEVALIERS of Canton,
¦ •¦-c>*!*-d t.i a;;^ar'at 'ill Fellows' -3^SS?5S&
Hall In full dr^ss uniform THIS "^SM»3 r '
((MONDAY) MO11NING at !» o'clock.
C. L, ZIEGLE, Captain.
OFFICERS and m«*ml*rs of Sov-
e— >ign <;rand Ixxirp. 1. O. O. F-.^S^rawfe
will please :-.sto:'ib!,» .-it tli<> lA-^.^ypy
¦ ¦eurn Thrater. Od'l Fallows' J Sfe»«6*'
'¦¦jil-ilnp-. Seventh «nd Market uts.. THIS
<MiiXI)AY) M<»RNIX<1. September in. liKH,
al S:*i o'clock fhan>. WM. H. BARNES.
Secretary Executive Committee.
HERMANN Lo<1kp No. 145, T. O. o^-j-v,,
O. P.— n*>gulnr matins THIS £Zgf>Z~iJ&r-
< Monday, evening at &*£S«!w«
oVlorlc sharp In Eureka Hall. -^W*ilW^
Old Fellows' building. Seventh and Market
ftr«*ti>: information — -frarding rern^tion to
Sovereign Grand I^odg*; all m»-mbets re-
qu«"su-<i to be pt-«vs«"nt: visiting brntiierp wel-
come. LKON OOHN. Noble Grand.
SIEGFRIED OOHN. fcccretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic proces*
from Jas. C Hager in Mount Pleasant mine,
rear Spanish Ranch, Plurr.a« County. Cal.,
draining into Spanish Creek, which reach's
Feather River, giv*s notice that a meeting
to receive any pntests will be held at room
»«, Flood building. San Francisco. CaL. Sept.
«6. l»04. at l:3t> p. m.
THE California D*>l>ris Commission having re-
ceived spplication to mine by hydraulic
X'roccsa from J. F. Cowdery, in Slide mine,
n'ar St. Louis. Fi*rra County, Cal., draining
into Sackets Gulch and Slate Creek, which
rearhe* Tuba Riv~% trives notice that a
meeting to receive any protects will be held
•t room 96. Flood building. San Francisco,
"-CeJ.. Oct. 3. li*H. at 1.-3O p. tn.
AUTO I£0 BILES. .
I^OR sale — Good as new auto car. 190TI model:
owner bsc '2 cars and desires to disnose of
«MBe. Address box 1*03. Call office. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE for sale; 10 h. p.; $700; e-ait 2
or 4; firfct-clxss condition. Box 1234. Call.
CADILLAC aiito. lor sale; f650. Box 1153.
Call office. ,7-
LOCOMOBILE. 10-hcrsepower; 2 seats; in
raod running order. Call 473 Valencia st.
AOE-fTS WABTO).
?GENTS, here \r your chance; $10 to 120 per
week and commission; none but thone who
mean buslnes* need apply. CALIFORNIA
CO-OPERATIVE CLEARANCE HOUSE ro
1S3S MUsion «t. '
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $6 to $9 day 111*
Washington St.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12' a.m.
FEW good sger.ts. city or country; commis-
Biong advar-iyd. Apply at 1708 Howard pt.
JLTTOHK-EYS-AT-I^AVT.
R. W. KING. Attoruey-at-Law, Exam, bldg
eth floor; entrance room Cll; «-stiibnthed 20
j-ears: all court*, general court and office j
imctice; no fee in advance or for consulta- •
Uon; evenings by appointment. Tel Red SOol.
ADVICE tree on all !«•£»! matters; <livcrce» a
specialty: private, Quick: no pay in a.-ivanc-;
mlnine oomncjft organized ;pxtent* obtained
C. W. HOWE. 1122 M»rket Zi.: estab. Ti yri!
AA — I>l%-orce;cott* 312:quick.<julrt;advice fr»e-
all law bus:ncs*; n-, charge unless bucc«— *-
fa!; oi><?n evenings. V27 Market st.. room SOL
COLLECTIONS. attachments, mechanic's I
I!ea«. probsta tenant* ejected. Attorney 632
Markrt rt.. room 23.
PIVOBCE— Co»t». JIT: quick. <jnlet; advice
tree; ail :*»• burls.***: rsc charge unless buc-
cftful: open *v«T.lng». t»27 Market, room 301,
ADVICE free; divorce co»t« $12; co fee* or
ecsli In advance; n'.l law bitpir.ess; office
epen Katurdcy eveclass. S'O Market St.. r.33.
ADVICS free. Colombian Law & Collection
Agency, room «5, S16 Market; tel. John 622«t.
FATFINTS, American ord foreign. EONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 21* Pine rt.. Cth floor.
L. E. CLARK. !C7 Market, r. SO*: consultation
fr**: no fees In rdvanre: open — .-enlngs.
ASTHKA CT7RH.
t't .SOLA'S Atthma Kemedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10c. 25e. Utc. 1CC2 Market. St. Nicholas
r;-. Wtshsrt. U-lhanfl Wa»h!nrtnc. OakUnd.
BXBPS. DOSS. ETC.
HArtT"/, Mnurttr.in canarlfn & African urav par-
*•*« tVMi nc-.'.vtri. A. C. Rcblson, S3S Kearny.
j BOARDING **°E;J ;3 5E L 555?^-~~ ~-
I WASTED — A child to board; cood home. 37
j Carloa ave.
BOASDINO FOE. CHLDR-EN "WANTED.
I'P.lVATE family to take boy to board; Oak-
Jasid Dref erred: attends public schocl. Box
163!i. Call of rice.
BOOKS
fcCHOOL book?, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. 857 Geary st.
BTJSINESS^CJKANCES^ '-£)£¦
A— SC50: COP.NER saioon. with C years' lease;
v«ry best location snd a good paying busi-
cera. Call XL, G. WILKE. '-Qhi Kearny st.
A— t'JOo; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $S0; best location; investi-
gate; this Is a very rare chance. See R. Cr.
WILKE. 204. Kearny st.
A— SI0O0: BAKEHY; best location in the Mis-
sion; tent $15; all store trade; baking lhi
tvrrels per day; 4 years' lease: ti living
items.. Bee U. G. WILKE. 20 & Keaxny tst.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chephouse: oppo-
site carhousc; rent $16: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. X^IKK. 2t>'.j Kearny st.
A— $900; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
roerrs; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; good
paying and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2l>H Kearny^
A— $2500; HOTEL wiili 27 furnished rooms j
acrors the bay; 5 years' lease; rent $75: busi- I
nes* first class, paying; finest location In
rood business town. K. G. WILKE. 26}i
Kearny st. " j
A— $300: COP.NER saloon on Fourth st.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years end well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A — $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery, ice-
j cream and candy store; rent $45; daily re-
ceipts about $35; business clear* from $130 j
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20fc
Kearny it.
A— $1200; CORNER ealoon on Folsom si.; rent
S26; place doing a flrst-class payi;iif b— siness.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years: dally
receipts $50; baking 3^ barrels day;vcry best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.'.a^ Ktarny
$2000— BARBER ehop; 4 chairs; elsgant .flx-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2t>K Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living 100ms; rent $25;
-ally receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market «_, Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>t4
Kearny st. ¦
A— $1S«); CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of ihe Viest lo-
cations In this city; rarecn_nce. Kee R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $&U0; SALOON, ene of the best on Market
st.; 4% -year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
eantly fitted up and never clearing less than
J.^0 per month. See R. G. WILKE. _0»
Kearny st.
A— $2W0; HOTEL in Ean Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nlcbcd rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagin and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See It. G.
WILKE. 2ti>i Kearny st.'
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et. : rent $00; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $2lW0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
nrst-class raying place. See R. G. WILKE,
'MU Kearny st.
A— $S0O: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
roune'ed by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A— $35f.O; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; tlacv must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
F.EALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR MGR..
SUITE &07 and S08. CALL BUILDING.
. PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR SALE.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMEMBER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT OF NET PROFITS*
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be Increased to $15.nrtO MONTHLY by
investing a few thousand dollars in additional
machinery-
Best reasons for selling.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANTCOT BE DUPLI-
CATED IN SAN FRANCISCO. .
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED. BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
Suite N>7 and 808 Call Building.
% FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy. or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 41S-41&. Telephone Folsom 3168.
FOR eale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years: a fine located
home and established health resort. 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars Inquiry or call at
MRS. HOPPIICS SPRING. BarUett Springs
Lake County. Cal.
$600 — Restaurant: north Market, nr. Kearny;
stands inveK.: rent $t;0. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$lf>0 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run-
rent $50. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny.
GOOD chance for man and wife with $275; you
can buy a good small restaurant in the best
location; half cash and half on easy time;
if you don't wish to buy same you can rent
! It. Box 1651. Call office.
THE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located at 911 Broadway, bet, Sth and 9th
sts., Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for Bale. Any one Interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
WANTED — Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary: $15 to $30 per week; must have &
little money to become a member of\ co-
operative corporation under California, laws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh st. , Oakland ;branch San Francisco
A RESTAURANT wMch has made $3000 dur-
inp. Its first year, being In a fine* location
und having a good l«ase, offers a fine oppor-
tunity to an enterprising man: half Interest or
fntire. Address C. P., box 1472. Call office.
WANTED — A sober business man aa partner
to act as manager and treasurer of a small,
up-to-date theatrical troupe, to play In towns
and email cities; $700 cash required. For
particulars address box 44S6. Call office.
* ATTENTION. BUYERS.
Newly furnished transient hous«; full-
liquor license: 5 years' lease; new building;
citars -5300 monthly. A. HENBERG, 759
Market it. '
A COMPETENT business man with $2500 as
iM?rretary of a substantial company; can clear
$5000 a year; this will bear closest Investigra-
tion; money fully secured. 436 Crosoley bid.
RESTAURANT for eale In Sacramento: doing
nicely and a good trade established for sev-
eral years; everything In flrst-class order;
will sell reasonable. Address, for particulars
box 941. Call office.
HARNESS store - located on one of the main
streets of Oakland: this Is an old-established
buslneHs; owner going away and will sacri-
fice; cheap rent. MITCHENEU & BARTON.
91« Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale— Old -established stationery and pe-
riodical bu&iness, with a long lease; on ac-
count of tiikr.f — < of owner. Apply to K.
BAUER, S. F. News Co.. 342 Geary st.
MECHANIC with $2000 will find best opportu-
nity ever offered to br.y hair Interest in ma-
chine shop; gilt-edged. -security.: Address
. P. O. box 132. Martinez, Cal.
$500— CANDY store, factory and icecream busl-
nc-s; good country town; good reason for
selling. Address Mils. J. COFFANEY
. Pleasantcn, Cal. - . .'
COOD-payinir, well-established hardware store;
all nice cl?Rn dock; must sell- en account of
Blckneta; only $8250; will take half city real
.jtstate. Box 1324. Call office.
SALOON for sale, cheap; good location. 838
Broadway, Oakland.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlaned.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San . Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, C to ti. Phone South 1141.
PALMISTRY, card reading. MISS L. KAHN-
TUS. 704^ Larkin; 10 a. m., 9 p. m. /, . v
MME. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. reveals facts
that wilt astonish you. 478A Turk st.
MME. .' ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. G12H Eddy st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis, st.
CABPET BEATCWS AND CLEAI~ra O. ,
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
•arpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market it.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 473. '
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
fend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. S55-357 Tehama st. Tet. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. - 240 Fourteenth . st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CCNKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave." Telephone East 12S.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.,. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Et. :tet. Mission 263.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; ccourlng and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
v^ COLLjECT^ON^Ogr^CES.
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country; Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery! rooms 9-10: tel. Main 55S0.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates." $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Buah —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up;filllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, "5c; crowns. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,2O4 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Gear7
st. to 580 Geary et. .
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surBeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
- tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr., -063 Mission.cor.6th.
pj^SSl^KER^J^ND^EAMSTEESSES
FINKELSTEIN, 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits,
to order en Installments If desired; reas.: call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL^ •_
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to n«w fireproof bui!Jlng, 738 Mission
St., between TMrd and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light; linest In the West;
come an3 ne*. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
. leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gcrscn School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. \ 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, «;.plrg; $5 rronth: life scholarship
,$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Plt-
rr.an shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., meoh.. nur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1S64; Van
der NalH»n Echool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writinjr and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
£33 Phelan bide: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., CC2 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S2S Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancintr. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH. French.' tc.Prof.Da Fillppe'sAcademy
tf !anpuates,101S P<?st; est.lS71;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montjfmy.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Dav and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Nieht class.
ISAAC Pftmati Business College. 3*5 Haight:
individual lnstruc: all branches: day. *ve.
WESTERN Bralnes- College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $0, mo. $30; eve. $1 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. f»25 Golden
. Onte avp. S. F. : ir>-nnsf catalog on request
EMPLOYMENT J^PTICES.
A — JAPANESE.. «ind Chines* employment office
-supplies best'help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S:K) Fvcramanto. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office; — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42C Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seunjr's. 411 V, O'Farrell: tel. East 420.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help.. Fritz Tamasrakl.mRr. -.tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; aU kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 ypars.
Tel. Main 1IH>7. BRADLEY ft'CO.. 640 Clay.
ElIPLOYMENT WANTED-— rEM ALE.
SITUATION wanted by a good, reliable Ger-
man girl In small family; general house-
¦-; work: -plain cooking: Rood wages: send no
postals cards; a stranger from the East.
Call at 320 Fourteenth st.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
terpperatjb. honest; wants liKht sweeping" and
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee satisfaction; $1 25 and; carfare. 1S9
Fourth st., first flight, room 24.
COMPETENT woman with a child, good cook,
desires position; ranch: adult family; wages
- $20 to . 525. C30 Howard st.
WOMAN wants* work by the day: good laun-
• dress; ?1 25 a day and car fare; ro postals
answered. . 549 Minna St.. bet. Sixth-Seventh.
EXPERIENCED candy and Ice cream sales-
lady wishes position in candy. store. Box
-1836. Call office, v .
COMPETED, experienced nurseglrl wants a
poslUon. Apply 4 Dodge st.. off Turk, near
Larkin.
GF.RMAN lady wishes to do plain sewing by
. the day: $1 and carfare. I Address box 1525.
Call office. .
LADY with child 0 years wishes position as
housekeeper; If small infant there preferred:
fully experienced in nursing children. 800
. Hampshire st. .
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
-home;" satisfaction guaranteed. Address
\. MRS. YAGER. 28% Moss st. ;
RELIABLE : Canadian woman "wishes place as
housekeeper or housework in small family
: Call 229 - Franklin st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by day
$1 DO. 1684 San Jose ave. Phone Church
— 2358. v -
WANTED— A position as hairdresser. 9 Ros-
coe st.
"WOMAN wants work by the day; washing •
cleaning, etc. 321 Valencia at.
A GOOD sewer would ] like to go out I by th«
v day, as helper for dressmaker. Box 1815, Call"
WANTED— Copying or .typewriting at . home
- Box v 1468. b Call office. • j ™
WANTED— Plain sewing by the day. .Address
- Seamstress,": 644 /Jessie st." v
WANTED, ¦" by a respectable woman, washing
> by • half day. ;• Call • 3275 Harrison sC ¦ ;
BTrsiKESS CgA^CT&^-Continncd.
A — CAMERON & CO. — i Phone South 1050.
3 Ediiy 6t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business. chances.
FOR saie^ — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for iwlnter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making: own sras; toilets, closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to jro East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy sr_
FOR Kale— Grocery, creamery, hay. feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city in Califor-
nia: over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately: fine preposition: has the butter
bufinfss of the town; extensive interests else-
where only reason for selling; books open for
Intpevtlon. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.hs. cr business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery ; 22 rooms furnished ;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, snooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
¦4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day: e'.ectrlo cars direct: clears $4000 per
year: i>rlce $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR tale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful show cases, counters and store flx-
I tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: fittlnifs cost more than
price asked; bic snip at $1000; sickneaa.
| CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Several good business propositions
for investors, such as flrst-class laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention: would be pleased to have
I you call and ir.sDect our list. CAMERON
| & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy *t.
$2260— SALOON; one of the beet locations
across the bay: established for years; cheap
rent and long lease: trial given or thorough
Investigation; selling account cf settling up
estate. 110S Webster St.. corner Twelfth,
Oakland.
$2000— PARTNER In wholesale and retail wood
and coal business; most prosperous country
town in State;- established for years; horses,
wagous; best chance in this line; Investlga-
tion offered. 110S Webster st., Oakland.
WANTED — A man with small capital for good
paying commission business. Apply Oakland
Business Agency and Real Estate Dealers,
1108. Webster St., corner Twelfth, Oakland.
$1600— PARTNER in first-class corner saloon
across thi bay; finest and best paying class
of custom; trial. 110S Webster st., Oakland.
$1300— CORNER saloon with 9 rooms; rent $20;
nice location across bay; owner will give
lease. Apply 1108 Webster St., Oakland.
$300— SALOON across the bay wiUi living
rooms in rear; good reasons for selling. 11C8
Webster »t.. Oakland.
$32.000— BREWERY for sale: one of the best lo-
cations in a prosperous country town near
the city; doing an immense business; big
profits; hears thorough investigation; owner
selling on account of old age and retiring
from business. For particulars apply 1103
Webster St., corner Twelfth, Oakland.
HONEST partner. In business that pays $100
per month to each; trial given; $100 required.
1130 Market St., room 2.
$1500 CASH or security — Corner grocery and
liquors; best location: no opposition; big
stock; no agents wanted. 1772 Sutter et.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; best location;
Ions lease; owner must leave the city; no
agents. Inquire saloon, 398 Ninth st.
CIGAR stand, stock and fixtures; cheap rent;
a barrain, at 24 Seventh St., opposite the
new Postoffice.
CANDY and Icecream store for sale; 3 fur-
nished rooms; no reasonable offer refused.
531 Fourth Et.
GROCERY and saloon for 6ale; 30 Thirteenth
Rt. ; with or without household furniture; 4
living rooms; rent $25.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant in good loca-
tion and price must be reasonable. Box 884,
Call office.
FOR sale — Corner fruit and grocery business:
s«ll on account of sickness. Box 1337, Call
office, Oakland.
$500 — LUNCH pla*e; good location: Geary st. ;
24 chairs; nicely* fitted up. MEEK, SHi'J Mis-
sion st.
WANT to dispose of half interest in good-
paying flower store: best location In the city.
Box 1440. Call -office.
WANTED — Party who understands bay and
river freight!!!*: v/ill start you In business;
no capital required. Box 1509, Call office.
GOOD saloon; rent reasonable; well Ideated;
price reasonable. Apply 097 Market st.i r. 104.
DELICATESSEN store wanted. Address box
1051, Call office.
FINE grocery and bar In the Mission for sale.
Box 1142, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale on Third st., near Mar-
ket. Box 1233. Call office.
$8T»0— SALOOltf near Market and Taylor sts;
make offer. BROOKBANK-NORTON CO.
HOME bakery: furnished" living rooms: French
range: $300: no agents. 417 O'Farrell st.
OLD-ESTARLISHED saloon for sale. Box
1243, Call office.
GOOD corner saloon; cheap; on account of
death. Inquire 1808 Howard Ft.
CANDY store^ — Will sell to suit buyer; snap;
othor business the reason. 1427 Market st.
FOR sale — Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
850 Howard st.
RESTAURANT for cale In front of car house.
1189 Oak at.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened "at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ..- ¦ ¦ .
XiODOnrO-HOVSES FOB SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels,
Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale
We furnleh free abstract and guarantee title.
IF YOU WANT a bargain now come and see
a 14- room house, on. sunny side central,
north of Market; respectable; rent $4 per
room; profit, $45 monthly; price $850, V,
cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER MUST LEAVE CITY on September
23: 29 rooms, near center of city; worth
$3000: will take $1500: lease if desired; fur-
nished 10 months. MARION GRIFFIN.
A GIFT— $500 takes a 20-room house: rent $30.
. MARION GRIFFIN will put- you in -pos-
session. ,
1. HAVE you ?2500 In cashT "
i 2. Would you like a 50-room house?
3. Would you like It north of Market St.?
4. Isn't 53 27 per room low -rent?
5. Isn't $182 a good monthly salary?
B. Would you like quiet, refined roomers?
7. Now think, hypothetically.
8. .Were you to own such a business
9. And If you had ill health,
10. And If a change of climate would
11. Bring back the bloom of youth. - ¦
12. Would you not sacrifice the business?'
13. Our client says, "Yes, sell my house."
14. '-:'•¦ MARION GRIFFIN,"
EXCLUSIVELY . for sale by MARION GRIF-
¦ FIN— A 27-room house In central locatit«i-
always full of high-priced roomers and clear-
ing $137 monthly; quiet, transient, price and
terms to «ult owing to the owner's immedi-
ate departure on important -business.
-15 UNFURNISHED— '
NO /DARK. ROOMS- — ..
PRICE KNOCKED DOWN to $1200. was $2600-
39. rooms ;.mpBtly men roomers; some a part -
ments; In 24 rooms good furnishings- sick-
. ness * cause > sale; some one will ¦ snap it ud
quick. MARION GRIFFIN..
100 ROOMS. ~ —""
WE INVITE YOU TO INSPECT;
a NEW and MODERN building on Butter
. st.; furnished most: beautifully in mahog-
any and weathered oak; velvet and-axmln-
ster carpets and • fine hangings.' Exclusively
with t MARION GRIFFIN . '
8 ROOMS on' Eutter,'. near. Leaven worth; $450
part -cash and f little . payments monthly '
¦.-*¦«.. MARION GRIFFIN.
price; ?i5oo.; ¦ .¦¦¦,••¦•.;-..- :..-¦':
Only $35 per. month ; rent for 24 rooms; full of
roomers; near, Van : Ness. avenue and Market
«treet.~aBfljBHH MARION GHIFFIN.'
' J^gEQIggL-HOPSES FOB SALE-Coa.
A-r-CAJIERON & CO., ~ Phone 'South' '105%
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances. -
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease? close In:
clears $40 per month; $400' down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. .
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
00-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most . elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease;- every appoint-'
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and cood running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, ne«v. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying: $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' lease; . fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
first-class condition: cood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear S300 to $350 per month;
here is best prooositlon in city.
7-room. modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms: new and" elegantly furnished; on
Sutter: paying- a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; .rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clear-
Ing ?3j0 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate"; make
offer; exclusively with us.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown: tine respectable money 1 -
maklng house; part down, balance reasonable
interest. .
0- room flat; rent only $5o; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease: flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms: cheao rent:" very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in: full frrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; .fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease:
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In- fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears 5150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses ami
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C. EDCKER Phone Jones 531
1)08 MARKKT ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
.Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success in selling homes over 28 years
in San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers. See. him.
11 rooms ; Mason; new furniture.... ....$ 300
60 rooms; Market St.; only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister st.: flat 450
86 rooms; downtown; reduced to. v 11C0
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter rt 400
¦ /
18-room house; new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day; best offer takes It.
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
6 to 4<>0 rooms; prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER, 000 Market St.". cor. Stockton.
30 ROOMS: rent $90; clears $90 $'J00
27 rooms; housekeeping; rent $45...... 1200
6fl rooms; rent $300 6Cx}o'
8 rooms; nicely furnished, with piano. R75
SO rooms; attractively furnished 3000
35 rooms; rent $i?5..: SOU
30 rooms; rent $105 1S0O
25 rooms; rent $0° 1400
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, lOOSVi Market st.
AT a sacrifice; must raise meney; house of 12
rooms: all rented: new carpets and furniture;
rent $55; marine view: and a number of other
bargains in lodging- houses end real estate;
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co., 10 Turk st.; phone Mint 741.
." .' MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st Phone Jessie 29S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers ;titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
NICELY' furnished lodging-house; city front:
13 rooms, all rented; big bargain; rent $30;
must be sold at onc»>. 160 Steuart st.
$550 — WELL furnished house of S rooms. Call
from 1 to 5 y. m.. 143 Sixth st.
$250 — NEWLY furnished rooming-house for
sale. lease or rent. Apply 120 East st.
SPIRJTTJAUSM.
MRS. WAYBORN.' medium; readings this week
25c. 60c; clr. Mon. 1 . Fri., 8 p. ra. 1235 Market.
C. MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mail $1.
35S3 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A Phenomenal $o Mental Reading for $1. .
The great — ELLSMERE — . Ellsmere— The
great Egyptian seer, - : palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant In the world; tells your
name, what you called for, whom and when
ycu will marry,- about 'business, etc.: Ellsmere
is 'different from other' clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do: things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem Impossible; he gives you Information, re-
lief, fcuccesv, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
interests in any matter; he awakens u natural
force within and arotind you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble
Influence, unhapplness, disease; poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secrwtly change the thoughts', actions,
habits or intentions of any one, even miles
away; remember there is no guesswork when
you consult him; If affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of aDy one you
desife.
3 offices 1007% Market st. .t -offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous (5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE, j
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco, v :
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to. tell your name and
what you want to know., I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact,* I will tell every hope,
fear, or "ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation;'!. Implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any . one you desire. > win the . one you
love, bring back your • loved one, and" cause
marriage .'¦ with one- of choice. 10 a. m. to ¦ 8
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.. 820.
MME. M. BERNARD, * THE FAMOUS
- Clairvoyant • and *• business medium, ' perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she. reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
I present . happenings , andr portrays " events - to
occur in the ; future; . If ;you ¦ are ; In : trouble,
discontented • or not satisfied ' with life, or
hove domestic, . love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you wlll.be told
? how to overcome them ; * valuable , advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
¦ anteed: open , Sundays.' » Tel. Black ¦ 4560. .
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 EllisV clairvoyant crys-
. tal seer and - life reader, will tell you exactly
what you • called for without asking, a ques-
tion; names given; special.' $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISSZEMDAR. youne gifted dalr.\ & palm.
' ' I correctly • treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names:
L.. 60c: G.. $1. . 714 'Franklin, nr. G. G. .ave.
MME.' MARSEAU:' card " reader; -ladles 25c;
gents 60c. T; 545 Mlna st. . ; '/"-'*,: v /
MME.'. WALTERS, : great card reader: i Is, 25cT
gents 50c. > 951 .Mission,'. nr.; Cth;; open Sun, '
PROF. JOHN8," \ palmist and . psychic ' card
'reader; readings 25c; 2 to 8 p.m./ 512 Jessie.'
PIiAT TO LET — Conttnned. >
GROVE. 78S — Lower flat; 6 rooms and bath.
_ _ ¦— . ¦ ' 1
MCALLISTER. K!W bet. Steiner and Pierce—
Elegant sunny middle fiat. 7 rooms and bath.
NATOMA, 714, near Nlntli — Upper flat; %
sunny rooms; large porch; rent $14.
NEW upper flat. 7 rooms: every convenience.
S30 Precita ave.: rent $22 50.
NEW sunny tinted middle flat; 6 rooms and
bath; r->nt $30. 2632 Post st.
NEW lower flat. 5 rooms: every convenience;
$20. Cor. Preclta and Treat aves.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms, bath ami yard;
$22 50. ltt S*y>twell St.*. near • Fourteenth.
UPPER fl-it: 7 rooms, stc+eroom, laundry; fln«
marine view. ?.'.&! Vallejo st.
PUITS TO 1ET— P UKif ISBCED.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of flr»
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 0 p. m.. TO South
Part. -¦.'¦¦'- .¦-
DEVISADERO. 1627. near Sutter— New hand-
some furnished sunny 5-room flat, bath.^ re-
ception and entrance: lights free; rent $33.
EDDY, 753— Beautiful flat of 4 rooms, batl^
laundry, very sunny, for $45.
FLATS FOB SA^S-—^U^fcJTIitM~t»X>._^
FURNITURE ti-room flat, cost $4500. for $2000,
including piano and pianola; flat for rent,
owner going East. Apply Janitor Strathmor*
Apartments. 207 Larkin. after 2 p. ra.
A BARGAIN— New. artistic upper flat of T or
9 rooms. $35; furniture only $475: Ellis-et.
cars pass the door; pleasant location- 1*71
Oak st.
FOR sale — Swell furnished flat of & room* and
bath; cheap. 10O Guerrero St.. l^i blocks
from Market st. Call bet. 10 and 2. -
PAGE. 1S24. near Park — Sunny furnished flat.
7 rooms, bath: bargain: rent $28; also piano.
SACRIFICE — Flat of 8 rooms, bath, laundry,
yard; newly furnished. 753 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Cheari; 7-room fiat, furnished; *vf -
eral rented. 8C7 Van Ness ave.
$350 — FLAT of S rooms. 852 Stanyan st.. op-
posite park; income $20 clear of expenses.
ELEGANTLY furnished rt-room modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 dally. 82* Geary st.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished 7-
room flat. Apply mornings.
FLATS rOB SALE.
FOR sate — 10-room flat and bath. 816B Lai*
kin st.
, PTJ-tNITUKE FOB SAM.
OAK sideboard, dining- table, six chairs. Ruby
stove No. 7. walnut sideboard; very cheap.
151t> Larkin st.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barser. 4.T0 Valoncia,nr.l6th.Te».Church 337a.
II. MEYER & Co. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission : tel. Bush 813.
"CONTENTS cf a 7-room flat for sale, as a
whole or separate. 1316>-i Vallejo st.
GOOD hardwood folding-bed for sale. Boa
950. Call office.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
jt ti xtU IT UBS WANTED.
ABE LEVY. "
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don 1 ' seli your furniture, carpets, office tur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
HELP 'WANTED — PEMALE.
AA— EMPLOYERS* REGISTER CO..
219 Kearny St. Black 2+lHw
2 well-educated ntce appearing young ladles
to act as urder clerks in large wholt-sal*
h>juse. *
Neat appearing waitress. $.*U> and board. '
Retoucher on photos: Al salary.
Open evenings 7 to 9 p. m.
WANTED—.'! flrst-clasa cooks. $4f>, $io, |3«, *
Housemaid, not too young, $35.
French second girl. $25.
Laundress, chambermaid. $30.
Assistant cook for a home, $-"•"; 20 house-
work girls, $30, $25. $2o. Apply
MRS. PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St.
A — WAITRESS. $30; second girl. $30: 4 cooks,
$.» and $35: housegirl. $30: woman with •
ch'.ld. to cook, institution. $25: waitress. 3a-
linas. $2o: cook and second girl, same house.
$-50 and $25. MRS. NORTON. 5flS Mason st.
A— HELP of all nationalities to fill various p»>
sltions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Pow-ell st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdress'.nj.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 whks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 rxr week up; leading
school In West. 23o Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taurht from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed
at $10 i>.T wk. up; 7 positions to be filled
Immediately. Parlors LJ3 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrd reas tug.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours*
practice a day: guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work al re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
OVERALL. AND OVERSHIRT OPERATORS
WANTED. STANDARD FACTORT COB.
GOCGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRL for second work; $20; sunny room. A>-
ply forenoon Monday, 2509 Devtsadero st—
near Washington.
GIRL: light general housework; reference*.
Call for— noon. 227 Steiner et.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy-stec*.
1409 Polk st.; call aXter 19 a. m.
CHAMBERMAID. 126 Ellis st.
"WANTED— A young girl to assist wtt_ ehU.
dren and upstairs work- 1299 Haight st.
WANTED — A competent girl for downstairs
work and cooking. 1233 Haight st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, « p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Apprentices' to learn hatr dressing
and manicuring; paid while learning. Apply
bet, a and 11 a. m. at HALE- BROS/
WANTED — First-class cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply between 9 and 11 a- m. »t
HALB BROS.'
I WANT an Intelligent woman.' not vnder 25,
of good character and standing, (or hlja
grade position. Box 1668. Call of3ce.
WANTED — In exchange for office room, a
stenographer: may take outside work. Bos
1674. Call office.
"WANTED— Bright young lady of good appear.
ance to travel with entertainers; experience
not necessary. Call 1S08 Ellis st.
PANTS finishers and good sewers; steady
work. 245 Seventh st.
SKIRT hands, wanted: also skirt cutter «M
shopper. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
FOUR pants finishers wanted on custom caata.
850 Market St.. room 25.
PLEASANT work for encrsretie lady: extra
fine commission given. S3C McAllister st.
ALTERATION hands- wanted on~UdIes* skirts
and coata. MARKS BROS,. 122O Market st.
"WANTED — Hemstltchers tuckers and finish-
c^T:T I , F JS A^ nT> te * ch «« tor country schools.
CALMN ESTERLY. MS Parrott building.
HE3LJ» WAarrEzt — *>*-.-«
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
U42 COMMERCIAL ST.. near KEARNT
Phone Bush 833. John L. Drechaler
.5 carpent*!-. small ship yard.. *7Ofd.
fi ca.-oenters. goal dredgers "tstxra
2 carpenters, north *'• -y>
5 carpenters, steady work '"'$07 50
2 roustabouts, small ship yard. V"$33fd
2 fa.-meix institution, north '."frwfri
K ¦RooJchoppprii. Martposa Co S'» cord
F-iV'^r'* fcelr><>r - ranrh. $¦•» fd.j thirVcook;
120 laborers, country. $2 to $2 SO day.V
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES- RECORD CO.
v>ant«<I — I-ancy goods manager. $ltl> to $150
70 placer miners. $30 earned per day- tali
or »»»»- --jglfljflp BsJ^ilMnnriajMATr'^
20 single miners, adjoining State 13 «u;
board only $23 month. , *
. Many high-class positions opea.
Call at office. 5C0 Hearst bldg;THE SAN ¦¦¦FRANCISCO CALL, .MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
9
PEBSOlTAI^g.
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
balf of face treated: I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, treckles,
timallpoz pittingF. etc.;
Kestore loat contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILUNGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sura cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
•ore tbroat, etc Sold. by all drucsUta lor
over 2t> yeais; price 5oc. Manufactured volely
by ROW ELL & BROWN. 82 Turk tt.. S. F.
THE Star Halr'Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stups sailing, cures dandruff
* and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
clean«e» scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ae-
c«pt no substitute. Star Kemedy co.,1333 Polk
Cancerous lumps, tores, Impure blood (affecting
akin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured b>
r killer! sjiedalist Irom Europ*. Applj* Centra,
Pharmacy. 32» Grant ave. Worst ca»es cured.
WANTED — The nddr-ss of the h*lrs of FAT-
RICK -B. O'CONNOR, w^.o cam- to Texas
about Ii«5. ,AdJrvB3 T. L. WHEN. Austin
Texas. - ¦ -
CJOL1JKN GATE DETECTIVE UUREAU. 75»
Market st.; phone lied Ct71; consultation
free; contldcntlal. •
A GUAUANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst l>ald h»-ail. <"a|l or write,
DR..O. S.. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell ft.
AT less than cost: uncalled for E-Jits,' overcoats
and trousers at I'HAKLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market »t.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 5o per wefk. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 34'j Post St.. near Powell
EYES examined free. THUS. HOlT»?EWO)tTM
opttclin. l.Vit Market rt.. rm. 207: eat. 1»SI
Superfinoiis hnlr removed; electric n-edle. Mrs
Eaton. 3t» tutt-r. Miss Katon, 233 Geary.r.^S.
SUPERFLUOI'S hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market tt.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
ve*ts for fl4 75. Fred Wasne*. 650 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find be-t hair
tonic In the ucrld at 15T3 Sutte^_f^_
ELEGANT *u:t to order A 1 ex. pair pants. $15
LEON LEMQgj 1127 Mkt. St.. bet^jth^t *th
MAGNIFICENT diamond rln»r. nearly 3 carats.
;2.'^». (JARIN. 138 Montgomery st.'
TA "il»R-S! A DE~s\i|t ?7 50; dre*s pants $2 5f>
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE cstumes. play books, wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO- 733 Mkt.
Al.KMKIirM'.S Erypt'an Henna restores icray
hair to its natural color: $1 : at all druggists"
A BRANCH office of Tlie Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
rrened nt W0S Market St.. ooposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 r. m.
piracKASizio aqxttctes.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a spcctalty: correspondence sollclt-
ed ' 35CS 17th at.. San Francisco. Tel.Capp 856.
'¦££fi$l PBOPO3AI.3.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builder* and Material
Men— Notice is hereby given that sealed bid*
are *-olicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for the stalrwork.
«.nd also <this bid to be separate from the
forcgoinK) fcr the roofing and sheet metal
work for California Hall, on the grounds 01
the University of California, at Berkeley.
California, ard sa!d bids, on either one or
on both undertakings, will be received at tha
office of the Regents. South Hall. Berkeley
at or berore 12 m. of September 24, li#0'.
No blda will b? considered unless aeeorr.-
panled by a cenln>d check or bond of bidder.
In favor of the Regents of th; University of
Call:ornta. equal tu t«n <IO> per cent of his
bid with sufneient su/etl«s. conditioned that
If raid bid be accented, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract and «lve bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations In
accordance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to M 1 part of such contract. The tight to
reject any cr all bldn is hereby reserved
By ordir of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of th« Bnard of Rey;nts.
V. H. HKNDERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice tc Contractors. Builders and Material
Mer. — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
. are - solicited (or performing the labor and
-*fun.lsh!ng -the- material* -for- tfrf fireproof
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, on the grounds of ihe
University of California, at Berkeley, Cali-
fornia: and said bJda will be,r~cetved at the
office of th» Regents, South Hall. Berkeley.
r.t cr before 5 p. m. of September 29. 1004.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check' cr bond of bid-
der, in favor of th» Regents of the University
of California, equal to ten (10) per eent of
his bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if -<a<d bid be accepted the bidder will
duly fnter into proper contract and give
borJ to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
liiraticne In accordance with said bid and
with lbs plans and specifications which are
hereby required to be a part of such contract.
Hy order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buili'inffs of th* Board of Renenti>.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
MANUFACTURING, clnthln*;— Depot Quarter-
. mast'r's Office. ."U! New Montrcmery St.. San
Francisco. Cal , Sept. 12. 100*. — Sealed -pro-
posals, In triplicate, will be received here un-
til 10 a. m.. October. 12. 1C0». fcr manuf»c-
t urine and delivering to thi* department 3400
dresn coats, new pattern as per standard
specification* anil sample tn be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposal* will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
¦ be signed by bidder, encicsrd In sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked '•ProroMia.for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1001." C. A. DHVOL. Major an<J
Quartermaftsr. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 17. 1904 —
S*ale.l prcposa's. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. rri.. October 17.
19"4. and then opened, for tha construction of
' a brick hospital steward's quarter?, at Fort
Mafon. California. Including plumfrnR.andf
• wiring. Government reserves the rl*;ht tc
reject or ncr<pt any cr all bid* <n v.-hole or
In part. In'ormatlcn furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
STORAGE AITD^WABEHOJJSES; *
A-^KMpSuI U M Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household Goods storf-i. moved, shipped. 725-
.731 Howard st.. rr. Third: phene Grant 1BI.
A— GlLBk'llT & rilOL.'^ Storage Co.; atorage.
packing, shipping: warehcuie. G. G. and Van
Nrfs: office 1170 Market, r. 4:: tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Stova^e Co.. .'! Eddy St.:
fcgphoa* Mint rail; JOUN F. COOPER, prts.;
iurn:ture moved, packed, shipped end stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storare * Moving Co.. of-
fice Tout ar.d Powell sts.: t«l. Prt. Ex. 571.
CONKl.IX'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
fll*e.T3?3 Gclden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. S40
Ml-x'on st.: tel. Hi ward Oil. V. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Fum'.tur* Moving Com-
|| I any. 2-'i20 Flllmor* St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
Van anJ Ftoraite-Co., 11 Montgorjer>
St.: tel. Main 1S)O. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news fnr 5 cent»— The \Ve*lc|y Call,
IK pa*e«. 'n wr»rr>er. for malllnr. SI per rear
siiwi2TakMAif^ tnrprzxzs.
T^IE^'TaTFTls'lcTNGT^
jThe -White Grand is the mest complete sew-
ing machine on earth: 'finest furniture, finest
attachments; make both lock and automatic
stitch: see this wcnderful machine at the
White Co.'s new retail office. 015 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us*; b**t
Is cheapest: second-band all make* at any
I 1 rice: all kind* rented lowest rate*. Domea-
/tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth...
A NEW Home, the b«st second-hand 'machine:
• II klpds. ¦ $3. $5. $S; guaranteed; where th*
drill* swlrg In th; window. 10S1 Market «t.
/_ SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of. the
1 Odd Fellow*' Cemetery will be held en MON.
DAY. -.Septemb-r 20.: 1004. at f» a. m.. at the
1 rfflce of -tie a*soplation. Point Lobe* wtve.,
i for the election of trustees and such . other
business that may be legally brought be'ore
' It • By order ofth* Board of Trustees.
I ' WILLIAM E. LUTZ. Presidtnt.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. -
W EITTEHS A HD BVlPtttTEB.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remlnrton. No. 1
Smith. Premier.- $25:.- other typewriter* at
h higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
i Typewriter Excbanee, 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
.Webster. Typewriting Inspec Co.. &0S Market.
"^""~""" n "7 "-"via viT.^^" 1
A way ; to - health. Mothers* and ' daughters'
home treatment: -booklet free; write for tt.
s VIA VI CO.. Van Nes*.' Phone' East 2S2.
wnrn O"<rs to view; pabape. ,
GORE, co-ner • Market. Powell ' and CcMr *t«- ;
larg* , bay , windows. ¦ Apply S Eddy, room 5.
MARKET.: 1019 — Finest and be*t view In city;
vrras. to rarties, sinjle fiats. McDcwell yarL
A— MURRAY & READy7€34 and~<B<fciajr irt-
Pfcone Main ZSW.
LesClr.* Erai,loyxnent a&d Labor Agents.
tV* epeak German. French. Italian.
fV&ni^aaviajL. Gre«k. Spanish, Slavonian and
1 a:::th Unzuases.
X**"4 W« Gave 1904 We Hope to
Cj.005 Men Work. Increase 60.000
OUR HERBERT V. READT
Ordered £»« on Business to Following
Points :
New Ycrk. Boston. !*M*££clp>hla. Chlcairo,
*t. Lads. Cincinnati. Ntw Orleans, Buffalo.
Kansas City. ft. Paul. Atlanta. Galveeton,
Omaha, Cleveland, St. Joseph, Denver.
• % WHAT FOR?
WE KNOW YOU DON'T
Lever-man. c*.*iltT;e dredger $73 fd.
5 Car^erter*. factcty. fure $1 30. .» 5o day. '
Yo'jr.g n^an helj> In tiable. deliver ric»$3O fd.
*• laborer*, fare zie $2 day. 1
TTa-kssijth fe?'r*r. c»su>. 23c f*re.*30 fd.
3 Caryeater*. Ala. Co.. fare Jl 25.. $3 day.
Tr* !tterer. STe fare $2 50 day.
liur«>«aiher. city, so.nl «tabl* $00.
NRW JOBS.
— IT'- W»>odchoprers —
Crvck. $55 and id: rublcnitn. special job,
*•>>; escic. ramp. 8 nv?n. $3rt and fd; boy
c:!v* wagon. tneJte himself useful, store. $1
Cgy.
BELLBOY. *20 and fd.
MURRAY A HEADY. 634-«38 Clay et.
CALL KARLY— C5
¦ PLT'lfCEnS. PLTMBER8. PLUMBERS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C30 Clay *t.
HK 1*5 COMING.
25^ siRf.e and double hard miner*. $75 to
6 check tender*. $73; C muckers. $C7 50.
Cee rr.«r.»cer cf mine at our office to-day.
MURRAY & HEADY. C3t-C3C Clay »U
A5»E YOU GOING TO HUTTE?
» teamster*. .;¦•«.;.: jcb $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. C4-C3* Clay *t.
FREE FAUE TO YOU.
€3 laborer*, fj :krra. *tr»pprr». track layer*.
«ra<}ers and other claave* of work $«».
M r^^y_ & READY. P4VW Clay st
AltE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELE5. SAN
liKRNARDINO. K1VERSIDE. POMONA,
nEDLANDS?
1O THE UXD OF SUNSHINE. FRUIT
AND FLOWERS.
Wb«r* rcaa can work «very day at $C0 mo.
ORANGE AND LEMON DIST.
3O teamsters w*nt<xl. $00 menth.
th»f> by Pasta Fe. M f».
MURRAY & READY. C34-CW Clay «t.
3C y. T.— R. R. OWN W«.)RK— FEE US.
125 laborer*, fpikers. Ftr*ii;*re. track layers
?t?. ; steady Job year round; wages $00: cut
t«s out. ask specially f-,r this Job X. V T
r^H^^AX-* READY. u;i <„:., day *t.
FAr.n nEFUNDnb^ it~co*t*~Voii i "nothing
ALL DAY HE IS WITH UB
Gererai rr^r.aper at our office, f-'re him.
GP.EAT GO!J3 MINE CENTER.
m two-f.or** teamsters uapi $^.
. 43 laborers, you'il do. "wares $O>.
fcT'^^fl Ti. R. rare $2: juaJy Jobs for you.
MlTvIUY ft READY. *04-OM' C«y st.
NOT FAR A W A V— 30c~~FA R£
S» llbor * r *- acybody *rHJ do light work.
83f» and found.
m MURRAY & READY. C4-C36 Cliy *t.
12 POILEP. MAKERS.
12. 12 boiler-maker*.
¦"-'•sc to S'ji^c fcour. H2i~c to -'W l -c hour.
£ n H*: FAn£: — Manager at Jur offlcc-^-Fl'.EE
StTRRAY k READY. C4-C3C C:ay st.
FA<~TCnY— FACTORY. "
16 Uhorers. fare $1. tteady jcb. wares $60
t ytT.RAY it P.EADY^q^-ca*} Clay st-
BOTS— BO YS~BOTS.
25 trvt cr nni men. bc« facto-*-. $"J fd
Ml RftAT d READY. «S.-.«-«iJ.j c: ay #{ .
tl FEE. »! FARE! ntdT^TICSXKa
155 men cr strong bey*.
To pick Trust*, work in racking and dry
hcu*e,. rao und found roor-th.
If you can eat fruit you can pick fru'l
MUURAY & READY. 0=4-036 Clay St.
MECHANICAL. '
5 carrerter*. lanch. ;are *1 3T<. $49 found
* **r;>enter*. factory. *3 ftii day
FOREMAN BOX FA(-TtJRy. $10a
* *ooaw,rkrrs. 4 »~ nrh Lands. $3.
Msr., rr.rke ffl'es. take lesd. f.1 day.
. 2 truffamakero. country; herd eawyer. city
C.ALVKIiS.
« IRON MULDERS.
Black coopers; 2 varnish finishers.
2 4»-r*e*hoe!*. tire and floor. $4 day
riurr.ber'a nc'.;*r. 10c fare. }\ .%o day.
12 PLAFTHRERS. 54 Ml
MURRAY & REAL»Y. C34 anj C3U Clay et.
reiVATB AND MVKRY
Ftxr-'.ermitu inir-e town, fare $4 60. $35 fd.
'10 h'*t!ere. bt^cr harnesji cleaners. $00 •
MiKRAY KKADY. «34 er.d »3^ Clay st.
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
14 ctamjci, tv>y». »^e us. ji:.. *2t). $30 f<«.
•-•« c»T*rsl farm har.2*. tteady Jobs, $30 fj.
12 rislker*. ver!-.p« !.:t-eT. SZn. tr.7, found
MTRRATi ti KKADY. g» trj C36 Clay *t-
ePHClAL JOBS. — —
. Jar.Hcr. perter, Sarce baxery. I5c fare, $2
day.
licjc. Ittm trajrs.
I5AKERS.
Fort-siaa ralo b»k«r. ?3 week- ¦'»¦¦.
3 Jic!r«s. d!Scr«:>t t*k»r1rs. $20, $25. $35 fd
DBA PERT.
'"*r*ri»tic«ril Grr-.Ty ral»-n->c.n. city
BITCHEHS.
• 6 wheep bBtrhT*. t V>.
. »> botcher*. U.rrtrir: |,:ac»«. $.;o. $40. $50. $00
ur.4 'ound.
4 krjlft men. $J 75: 3 $14.
WAITF.RS. BTC.
¦ ' -•'•rr.»n. $».*• rr.1 fcunsJ.
'•Vaster. r«rt *-*•. $:» nr.J found; 2 waiter*,
moth. *¦>•.
Jl port-rs. li»-.te!« nnA n'r^n», ty. $2.",. $ru> M
12 »eittrK, difft-rent iila<«ti $J5, $JO." $.^5 fj
'•OOKS.
•" r. ?{•>; d'shw«iher. J'5: h'trl. mine -ji^t.
15 --. ks. dlCcr*ut places. $30, $10. $".0. $70
ir/ f.mn-1.
--13TLL. KLEVATOTl HOY.-". BEDMAKERS
DISHWAflHEBK.
Dif-'h^vai'her. c.ty restitution. *25 and found.
!» Oifhwithers. «:i.T»rcr.t placet $20. $30 fd
. - LAir.vnnv. ' .
2 rt*rch :roraT«t $'.2 to $i<{ week.
prKsSicr. Jrcncr. rtanher fare $1 CO $2 50
«J3>.
UURriAT *: READY. C".4 and «r.«J Clay st.
MAKBtED.
Farmer "nd wife, riiaa nr fcrenian. wife
. > - -* t. men, $*£ to t"< sad found; fare $3:
, . tv.tr bere.
Karm»r c*:d wift-. man teemster. wife cook;
<iatr>"; <55 and f'Hind.
Firmer ;.a-t wl'e. *tock ranch: no woman
iher*-: $l't and :<.\u*A.
Farmer and wife: 25 cows; wife cock 3 men.
' - H«» ..:. • ¦• -1 .-!
Married fa.:tr.f-. ««<;-uthtTr. town.*- $."» and fl
TO THK MINES.
n-RjK-h:t.e rr.lr»T». f'j*.
JStnnAY * READY, tr.4 and C3C Clay «L
«. carrT.|er>. 5tc fere. $3 50 day.
IT. <..irr>inter«. Uir. tar*. $1 d«y.
:; fhtnrler*. 50i" rare. $1 j*r M.
2 hajbalcrs. A>.x press. l.*»c ton.
. LUmecs tleaacx. <«tv >ob, .*«».
LOOK.
Pattern rr.sker irr mine, $4 50 day.
• ijcr*wturner. stiuthean L. C $3 day.
UUcksnuth. rare $1 *>. K. L,. *3 <J.ay.
C«ebier. city 'lotel, $43 found.
Tanner ar.d rrsfe. fare $1 ."«'. extra rood Job,
W» tr<d frtrnd.
SfUKxtAY *. IJKADY. CTA and 636 Oay st.
FREE FARE.
5 ritrsbers rjn-unl->i' men. $4 fiay.
HUTCH ER^. I
Han lor Btatjzfcter-kcruse. besa hfre. $50 to 1
$90. ; " S i
2 cerrenter*. fartorj'. *3 day.
- rirjjer.ter*. f.unae work. $3 day.
ISoy, electric vhoji, $20 and found.
2 L ; ,, drive 1 bor»e. ranch. 25c farr. $20 fd.
... LOOK.
Vrell digger, understand* gas • -r.s-ir.*. $10 fd.
MUUItAY k READY. <34 a^3 C3C Clay «t.
AA — •"Mri/TVE?' r.nfJIKTrR CO..
. 2:9 Ke«rny. I-hone Cack 2440.
Ftenosrapher. must speak Kpani^h. $100.
Drug clerk, res;., ctty. $7.*».
Younx man *rro?ery •ollcltor. $40 and fd.
<!andy-makrr. all around. $1C week.
2 .'.•:::*\rtf-r. men. make ealads. $15 week.
Floor . wa'.ker. exrVrHnced $75 mentb.
Oompotitcr. «asy hours. $12 week.
2-elev»tor hoys. $25 enj found, $13 do.
' Janitor, city. easy. $35.
Fnoe na'.esrnan. c'tv. $16 week to start.
Office assistant. $10 to start.
•.» ; • Optn •vcnlng* 7 to 9 p. m.
AT HORD Sc. SMITH'S.
95 Tlilrd tt. Contractors' Agents.
' laborer-, nttr city. f2. fare 10c.
- Beard where j-ou please.
Toung man learn laundry business, $15
room, board and washing, far* 15c
Youns can, IS. wholesale clothing bouse,
city.
Oook. city. J"5 and found.
£tab'emaa. city. $50 to $60.
Plasterer, city. f4 or contract.
Laborers all over State. ' . 1
" O.VC or two men to learn a rood trade; steady
work: no night or Bandar work; $25 security
required.. Apply wioyj Folscra St.. up*talra.
HUSTLING man of rood address. 121 Geary
«.. room e2fl. between 1 K nd 4 . p. - m. '. ¦
Tk ANTED -• Carpenter. California Baking
Co.. cuir.er £ddj- and Fir.mcrc *U. •
BSAX ESTATE— COTJ]TTBY~Toy Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLET. ¦
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
J," EXCHANGES, r.:
$10 per acre — 1700 acres. Sonoaja County:
mostly rolling, flee alluvtal soil; 45 acre*
French prunes, 5 acres walnuts and apple*;
vineyard; well fenced and cross -fenced: cor-
rals; Cne dwelling; good barns; packing houae.
dryint plant: 40 cattle. 6 horses SO hogs;
farm and spring wagons, harness, tools: bark
mill, cost $1500; took $7u00 off place last sea-
son. . t
Offer wanted— Vineyard, near St Helen*;
321 acres: 110 In best win* grapes; vln*a 4 t»
ll* years old; 3-story *tone winery wIUj tun-
nel, fully equipped with cooperage for 100.000
gaJons and modern machinery; piped water
system from cement reservoir*: 9-roora bouse;
summer cottage, bams, etc.; all land tr.'.abie:
wagon, horse* tools, including maturing crop
of 3CO tons of grapes, worth $5C00; $10,000
cash, balance on easy terms.
$3CC0— In Manteca alfalfa district; «0 acre*
sandy loam on main irrigation canal: 55 acres
ffr«n<J ttand alfalfa produced 8 tcn» an- acre-;
5 acres fruit and grapes; brick residence. 7
rooms; new barn; windmill and tank; 1 mil*
of creamery and railroad statlcn.
$35»X> — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian Hiver bottom; 25 acres: 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings: 5-room and bath cot-
tas;?: good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
huuses; see this, and if you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at $10O prr
acre: if you want to raLse corn that will maks
th* Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes* on the Russian River.
$3500 — 17 acres In Green Valley, near Se-
bastopol. 4-room house, barn: spring water:
several acres berries: $1CC«> can remain.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sono-
rr.a City: 0 acres flae grapes. 13 years old.
balance pear* and asserted fruits; this sea-
son'3 crop easy $TOU; no buildings; forced
sale: simply make an offer.
$150l>— All level. 10 a?res. 2 miles of Cal!»-
toga; small orchard; good house and bars; 2
wells; near school
ALFALFA LAND.
$100 per acre — One mil* of Modesto: 5 acre*
up: Vi cash.
$30 per acre — 0 mile* of Modesto; 20 acre*
up: 14 cash.
$:o per acre^ — Near Lodl. on the Woodbridgs
canal.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a large luit of completely equipped
dairies in th* best section of Humbolit Co.;
10 acres up.
$2500 — Fine summer resort fn Fo=oma Co. ;
stare station and P. O. on plare: 141 acres
controlling 1000-acre range: S acres bearing
orchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages.
al! furnished: bath; dancing platform: horse*;
farming implements: see this quick.
$S50— 3 miles of Geyserville: 2'-> acre*; <J-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells: rolling,
ail In vineyard; oak trees: fine poultry farm.
$10t0 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
road house.
$C5C0— Close to Calistcga. 90 acres; 45 level
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
fenced: plenty fine water: Cne prune orchard;
good house, barn and outbuildings. W* have
a large list cf desirable homes in thi* locality.
Let us drive you around.
$2650 — North of Watsonville; 65 acres. 8 acre*.
full bearing apples; ft in grain: fine berry pat:a;
4i> acres timber; flowing stream: 9-room house;
large barn and granary; water piped to build-
ings. We have a cholc* selection of fruit aad
crain ranches at reasonable prices In this
vicinity See a few.
$5500 — Rich alluvial valley land, near Buer.a.
Vista station; 13 acres In full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modern 7-room house: new ata>
ble. windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm.
Ing tools; hferse; 750 chickens: 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry; only $2000 down.
$«0w buys 80 acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
bcttem: house, barn: orchard, vines, berrte*.
$15CC — t actes rich Russian River bottom
land ; half mile of Geyserville, Sonoma Co. :
shade trees; house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to otl-.r In this fine section, where the quality
of the soli U unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$2ZW — At Hopland; 42 acres; 7 bearing vine,
yard: 8 hay and garden land: 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools: 100 laying hens;
half cash.
$1700 — Only 0 miles of San Jose, elose to »ta-
tlon and town: 2t acres rolling land; 10 acre*
bearing prunes and cherries; good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses; 3 rummer houses
for summer boarders: running water; clone to
•chool. See this quick.
$475O — On Uuadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acre*; 12 in full bearing orchard In
fine condition: balance gently sloping fin* bay
land; fine creek: 25 magnificent cak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fin* income. We
have a choice list of small home* la Santa
Clara • County; pleased to drive you around
and show them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$15.000 — 74 acres, about 30 Russian Rtver
bottom land; H2 acres One bearing vineyard;
16-room house; gas in every room: 2 barns;
brick storehouse: cement reservoir; larg* win-
ery and distillery: half mile of town: would
sub-divide: fine Investment.
$2S50 — 2 14 acre* in Petaluma: all bearing
fruit; new modern cottage. 5 rooms and batb:
6- foot basement; barn horses and buggy r fl
poultry houses: brooder and brooder houses,
windmill and tank; water piped over place;
tools; 6C0 chickens: photos here.
$2050 — 31 acre* near Watsonvlll*: 200 apple*;
6 acres fine potatoes: 2 acres timber: balance
grain: 5-room cottage: barn, outbuildings.
$1«X> — Sonoma City: 4 acr?» rich dark loam;
all level; orchard: cory cottaze. cement cellar-
barn, windmill and tank; 5 poultry houses • feej
room; 240 hens. W* handle all th* cholc*»t
property in this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around.
$1200—10 acre* In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl: sandy loam: 5-room nous* ana barn.
$2500 — Near Santa Crux. 60 acre* rich al-
luvial soil: 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10
acres grain: balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, barn.
$2C00— Near Santa Crur. 12 acre*; 2 In fruit:
house. 5 rooms; barn.
Send stamp for the Unrest and most diver-
sified printed list on the coast
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successcrs to -
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty. r"- ;
A — $S5C0: business property in St. Helena,
Nara County: lot 87:BxI23; larga bulldln*.
:« rcems. 3 stores, leased for $75 per month-
a bargain. Also beautiful residence property
In same place. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
POULTRY farmers— We have farms for you
all In Sonccia. the banner poultry county;
tend for. descriptive circular- easy terms.
PETERS & B.UNES. 116 Montgomery »t.
FOR SALE. PALO ALTO. PALO ALTO.
Near Palo Alto; 15 acres of choice orchard
land: b*aut!ful location: surrounded by
orchard homes; price $1700; also S acres
adjoining. $1COU: banralns. Box 1321 CalL
AZ2i or any part of 43 acre* Al cultivated val-
ley lean, no adobe, no waste, nearly adjoin-
ing Naca. at $50 ser acre: cash or terras;
can't be equaled for $100. SICKELS. « Geary.
FOR farms, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call on or send fcr catalogue. ROTHEitMEL
& CO.. 507 California st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— To rent plac* suitable for poultry;
give price and description. Address box ltOOL
Call office. Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, erchard*.
vineyards: Inspected bargain*: monthly cata-
logues -ent tr««. C. M. WOOSTEK CHX.
«49 Market at. .-.--.
A WEEK'S new* for f cents— Th* Weexry Ostt.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per r*f.
SAa MATEO BEAX ESTATS. .
HAYWARD TRACT.
HAYWARD TRACT,
SAN MATEO.
We. have been telllra;
you about It all the
week. See ads in Saturday's Pwt
and Sunday'* Bulletin.
No lot sold befor* 10 a. m..
Monday mcrcing. September 19.
Many deposits on account of Iota
have already been refused.
- ,'• I ; First ¦ on« • In line ha* first plck-
BE ON HAND MONDAY MORNING..
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
J 25 POST ST.
LOMITA PARK— On line oi dan Matao eieo-
trlc car*: 45 minutes from Sth and. Market
its.: cutslde th« fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shor* "cstasT:
will. Join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered :*50-foot lot* from $40O »p:
terms, first two subdivisions enly $10 dowa
and $10 a mocth; sewer and water pipes) la
lront of every lot: pure arusiaa well watar;
half th* lot* In subdivision No. -1 w*r* sold
tn two weeks; an exceptional opoortosltr
to cecure a lot la this aesirabl* section oa
easy term*: take th* electric cars *nd g««
"*ff at LOMITA PARK; maps sent oa appli-
cation. ¦ . *
SELBY. RODCERS & CO-
Tel Main 673. 116 California rt.
P1VLPEITD NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
A dividend of 2»- per cent ha» this day been
declared upon the preferred stock of this
company, payable on October 1. 1304. to
¦ stockholders of record at the close of busi-
ness September 21. 1!W4. The transfer book*
will be clcs*d as to the preferred stock from
September 22 to October 1. both Inclusive.
Ch-ek» will be irsiled.
, ¦ n. H: ISMON. Secretary.
September 13. 1SC4. __^^^
Continued on Pace Tom>
MISCEI.r^AirE0TT3— PQB SAI.E — Con.
irOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. ODONNELL. 1021 H Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and seeond-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1329 Marktt it.
MOVING pictures, roaulc lanterns. 8 al*. rental;
bargain*. Builard * Breck, 131 Post st. ,
EOME g«d 2d-hanfl VasoUne engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. ihe«3 K. B. BECK ft CO.. 122 Mkt.
EAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Batterr st. ¦
GASOLINE en»In»«. tutomoblles and launches:
all «=!»*». J. K. POAK. 4ft Fremont *t.
BIG prices .paid for oU gold, sealskins, dia-
monds cents' lull i_*fi*.-» suits, etc.; send
pesuf rard. LICHTENSTELN BROS.. 23
Stockton >t. ¦ - - ¦ .
A BIG price for ladies' and ¦ gents' castoff
clothing. W2 Folt'om st. Tel. Folsom ::322.
TILTON wants Kood second-hand ctothtng and
theatrical goodt. 154 Oth tt. : tel. Jessie 2*31.
HIGHEST rrices for ladles', rent'* castoff cloth.
1 Ing. etc. To!. Davl« S23; C50 Sacramento st.
aSOSTEY-jCO
AAA— HERMAN * MURPHY,
t,01 -«Ki2-uo.; Examiner building
• Quick settlements; no disappointment*.
Save exDeiWM by deahnjf directly.
Estate, n-ccnd mcrtgases, undivided Inter-
! rsts, as«icnments vt svr.t*. property in trust,
ttc; l(»acit>. life estates and undivided .In-
ttresu in property; purchased.
Courteous tieatniiiit. strictly confidtntial
When You Ne<d Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
—.MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—.
¦ J-.V- A.VY AMOUNT TO LOAN \ . .
INTEREST 3^4 and « iier cent
..Apply (ilrfit saving time and cxpunse..
CITY OAKLAND. 1\i\VN and COUNTRY
! J'KOI'EIITY. ¦
Secor.d !nor'sa».fs. iiicr- insmantc polities,
estates la i>tvl/aie, undivideU Ir.tciea.a in
lirotwrty, !?rc**te. realty I- ar.A, stucks and
bonds, ".'fi^Htics unJivldctl invere*t» in
prepcrty parc!u\Kd
...:. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suit 107-10*. Ckvckw bldg.; j^hone Main 5J-1. :
Cor. Marktt and Vo«t st9
WILL LOAN
' A reasonable amount on
1st. I'd or 3d -
• Morteace. on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate «f Interest.
Give full partiL-ulars
of rroperty ur thuttels.
Locallcn, etc.
Hox 400. Call Office.
SALARY IX)ANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and ret terms. Drake. 45J Parrott bids.
A — ON turnlture cr pianos at lowest rates: no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mtrtsasc:s or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER.- 3tt Geary, rooro :i«.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 'i
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried reople. retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security: e««y payments; large business in 4«
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott Lids
PP.IVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. B2C Parrott bdg
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. JK17 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.C0U.
1 PER cent or. furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no* publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confliJi-nttal. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and pret-ious stones bought
at W. J. HESTIIAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LI'.KSCKNT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned pn salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton St..
TO .salaried people without security; - on furni-
ture, 'ndorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Dim-cunt Agency. IVi Phelan bide.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precloup ntones bought
at XV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
THE Golden Gate Loan Office. 10 Sixth St..
will be open Monday. September JO.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salarlad
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you »»•
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 000 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual t*av. Bark bldg.. 70S Market »L
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S F. Cotlatera 1 Loan Bank. 5-'tS Kearny
ZZ, ON furnltur* fz plaios; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy si.
CASH leaned salaried people on note* without
Inrtorwer. VORRFLL. ''¦<*> v.r*™[-~*r hulMIng
MOWET WAITTEP. '
WANTED— $15.C00 for five years en rood se-
curlty: will nay 7 per rent net: agents need
rot app'y; principals f nly. Address brx 1814,
("Hi! ("Trice. I
HFAiXJU/RTF.HP for renting rlancs— Little
piano* for email toomc, medium size for
HXHiKKe i-ucn-.tr. O.g i-taiii.:* lur laige parlors,
halls, etc.: pianos for rent at 51 per month,
porre at $2, a large number or good ones at
$2 CO iier mo.: r-ur own make pianos at $;:
per mo. ('ha best Instrument offered for th«
inorey In S. F.): a fine line of elegant larg««
planes for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select frcm, alt of them good
bariralns to buy as «f!l a* rent: one year'*
rental allowed rff -purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5CC-64 Have* st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHT?, n.\8Y~PAYMENT<=
Erard, vplendid for practice , $40
Fherman, Hyde & Co., splendid -order. .. .S125
Grovesteen & Fuller, a bargain ...$145
Also Cnickerir.sr. Weber. Steinway. Voas.
Pteck. Sterllru;: and others at low prices.
BENJ. CUHTAZ & SON, 10 O'Farrel! st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest price* and greatest variety of
new ptanrs: all makes in used Inntrumentt.
HEINE PIANO CO.. D3T.-237 Geary rt.: OalH
land. 1752 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and enly manufacturers here.
WANTED — A good uprljrht piano; sme make,
age and vrico; no dealers. Box 1524, Call.
NEW piano; bargain; easy payments. 1S24
Pa;<e st. ¦
Talkirp machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments:
month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter.
A George Pteck upright Krand: elegant ma-
hogany ceso; cheap. Hornung, 2KJ McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI
7SU Mission st. • .
A PRIVATE party left Flstcher upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
n*w; $135. 237 Geary st. • , *
SOHMER. Byron Msuxy pianos, Cncellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post sU
NEW upright piano* sold on $5 montMy pay-
ment*. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stetnway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnjter. little used.: -Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MTT3ICAI. TJTSTBTJCTIOy. -
PRIVATE le*J-onw Klven day and evening;
terms rea scruple." .24 Ninth st. . ¦¦ -.
OVTlCIia AMPSTOSEg TO LIT.
AN elegant store for rent: sultabl* for barber
chop, .tailor or haberdasher. Inquire ¦ at
- -Tempi* Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
GOOD offices; ground floor; dry basement, OOx
24, with elevator; suitable for broker; rent
reasonable, u 117, Sacramento et. . '
VALENCIA, 1304— A small, neat . store and
fixtures: cheap rent. ~ ' ' - - - ¦ -, j -
PHYCZCIAWS AND STJBOEOWS.
DR.C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
- 1021"* Market it-j- bet.. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
.; lar attention paid to. disease* of "women. .- 3
BLOOD, skin and -rectal diseases a specialty.
DR.- BALL. 1073% Market gt.
REMOVED— DR.' WONG HIM, herb doctor.
¦: treats , all ' diseases ' of the human ¦ body; for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason at., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st,', near Leavenworth. .
WONG .WOO. the herb doctor— AH dls-
eates- cured 'by Chines* herbs.- 746-8 Clay 1
y- : *•'-.'¦-:•¦>-¦ :'/>*-*^'-'>ATB>T>. :>-¦¦' ¦'¦'-' ¦ i \
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, . at-
torney-at-law, 0 Hobart bldg., 632 Market st.
houses to iiET— rrrwwmmio.
TO let.. from Sept. 25— Modern 6-room house,
fully furnished, for 3 months; rent reason-
able to responsible party. Call at 767
Castro et.
CALIFORNIA, 2123 — To rent, furnished or
unfurnished to suit tenant. For particulars
apply en nrcmises.
HOPSSS rUBiyiSHED— rOB SAXS.
P.USH, SS3 — For sale; furn'dhed house, 10
rooms; large sunny yard; call between 1 and
5. Ask for landlady.
FOR sale — Furniture of 5-room cottage; bath;
chcan rent. .$18. 12 Reed et., off Washing-
ton, between Jones and Leavenworth.
$75 — NICK, new furniture 3-room cottage com-
plete: rent ?10. Mission and Thirtieth tts.
Box lt£v. Call.
FURNITURE or 1- moms arranKt-d In house-
! kc<>;:inp nrcrrtBH-ntc; barcain. Call at 220
• Hal£ht st.
FOR rale — 15-room hous«», neatly furnished;
will gell reascnable. Call at S15 Geary st.
INFORM ATIO1C WANTED.
WHERE Is John Gftlrfie. . who worked with me
on the IVuito Ranch, near Lakeville, on I
Petalum» River, winter and siprlng of 1S5!>? j
He crossed ihe plains with me inlS5S, and |
wae called "Seottie." He would know me
as "Steve." T. !?. KENDERDINE. Newtown.
Bucks County, Pa. . •
IWVAL1T) CHAIRS.
ISOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Karncs tricycle chair. yjlsMkt.: tel.Park 775.
1 1 -osT aitp roTjyp.
! LOST— Presumably Sept. 7, at K. T. ball at
' Pavilion, valuable breastpin of three pink
] hhells In row, containing pearls. Proper re-
; ward will he ;.n!d for same. Box 1653, Call.
LOST— A pA5f=book with the Hibernla Sav-
i-.iCf 'in-j Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name 0' ROY J. HANCOCK, No. 274-34'J.
The finder will please rrtuar. to bank.
j LOST — All of our competitors: reduction In f
prlce« and quality of steck did it. SHIBELEY
- THE FLORIST. 311 Suttcr st.. phone Grant
107; 1JC4 Suttcr st.. phone East bl7.
LOKT — A lpdy's sold watch, on Sacramento st.
bft. First ave. and Flllmore st. Finder will
receive reward by returning to 2500 Filbert.
STRATED or stolen — A fox terrier frcm 1030
I'nion «. Return' and receive reward; no
questions asked.
LOST — Thursday evening, on Powe.l-st. cjr,
black si'k lac containing opera-gla'S, spec-
tacles, key; liberal rtward. 7S»3 Pine st.
$5 REWARD- — Lost, water sranlel; all brown,
cut on left fore Ur. Return F. W. BELL.
570 Sixty-third St., Oakland. •
LOST — White bull pup: leather collar. Return
1014 Dip.rr.011d st.: r?ward.
LAUNCHES 7OS EtXBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchielis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf : boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. :Hl.John 26S6.
_^
NACHUR-MAN LEKTURZ at 3 and 8 p. m..
from Sept. l»-23 (Inc.). 1185 Market St..
S. F. Tikets. 25c and 10c.
TIATTXTESSES .MTT) JFHI.OW8.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) : excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : .phene South 216.
MEDICAI.. --,--.¦ /.^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
frcm irregularities consult me; my methods
are p3lnl(-ss and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FT5KE: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7U2 Market it., rocms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide U> me.
Relief for Irreirularitles. Halp for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
th*se renditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
- [.hyslclan here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 3C3 KEARNY ST.
DR~WYETH. specialist for all female
complaint^ and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S20 Post st,
MRS"DR.~KOHL. reliable rpeclallst for alffe^
male trouble* and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOCS^j Market st.. opp. Sth.
DR. O. W. O"D0NNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this rpeclallst on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the mo*t difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 10*8 Market st.
LADIES, our reguUltor never falls: a protec-
tion without Internal medicine; price $2 per
box. Frost's Medical Agency, 1104 Market
et . S. F.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 0. pos»-
Jtlvely cures rheumatism; magnetic vapcr A
st?am baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
MRtv TH1E8SKM, graduate German midwife:
"0 years' experience: hnmc In confinement:
best cart?. 4> IVrrj". c Third. Tel. Red 512.
DR. and MRsTdAVIES and HINDOO HTRBj?:
original methrd of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES, call Et Mns. BROWN'S for medical
edvice. !2T0 Unlcn tt: 9-2.
JIRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugg:e? Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2E95 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth: ladies, relief cr no fee: .
suites auto anarnro.
•raFBO^TON^PROMOTION AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. room 13. 33«» Pierce st.. will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
wiser 4*T 1 AarEous~--^. saz>e
2D-HAXD niachinery. engines, bol!?rs. pu.-np*.
pul'.cys. shafting, etc.. etc., bought, so.d.
rented and rxchaneed: *< e Sunday pacers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, I05-187 Fremont «t_
ATTENTION. CUiJ Fellow s—Ki'-ll dress suits
for the j:ran<1 ball: Tuxedos and Prince Al-
bert* f'»r other function*? ffults delivered
and ca!1«i-<1 for. J. CCOI'ER, rental parlors,
21 Ktockton »t.. nr. Market;*««-cnd llnor. •
FOR ftle— New and second-hand blKlar.l and
pool tables; easy payments: we rent table*
with privilege of buyinr: modern bar fixtures;
Cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-COL-
% LENDER; €52 Mifflon tt.
DOES TC>L ; R~"ROOF~LEAk ?
IUr*ir It with elaterite In rolls easy to lay;
needs no palr.tlns or ccatlng: good over oM
ir-n, tin or shingles: best for new rcols.
ELATERITE WOOFINO- CO.. 713 Market tt.
SAFFS and DESKS — As we are going to move
to New Montgomery st.. and to avoid moving
ctock. will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITE.LAW. 25:t-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery Et.. room 12. upstairs. '
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21" Stockton at..
uprtairs. . . • . • . -. . -
TKY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoe* at $2 50; w* pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam.- bid.; catalog ¦ free.
CARLOAD fresh milk cows 'and springers just
anivi-d: from *35 up. SAM AFTERGUT,
corner Mission st. and Silver ave. ' -
Oll< — CO bbls Fuller's b*st linseed. 4£{?50c by
bbl ; . less 50c and 52c delivered around the
bay. G. N V SIMMONS. 440 3Sth St.. Oakland.
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 1 large stones; a
bargain. $350. 10 Sixth »t. ¦._. .. .
TICKET to Licm Angeles; middle-aged, mus-
tache, light eyes, slender male. Call 303 Oth.
COLLIE pups; pedigrees; old. Hall Admiral
stock. • Apply Sunday or evenings, 533 San-
chez *t.
GROCERY store ¦ fixtures and . 21-foot bar;
cheap. 217 Mason st. .
COMBINATION folding bed; cheap. Room 29,
S Taylor st., 1 to 4 p. m. .-..."
GENUINE water 'spaniel pup* for «i-'.e: 4M
Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN: upsUIr*.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. Th*. Dolan- Co.. 1007 Mkt
A FINE lorgnette -chain.'-AArith-lS diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Blxth st. -v-. . j...; - ¦
DESKS bought, sold and - exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission *t-; teU South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
1 1100. GARIN, 13S Montgooery *L
A — PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP.AGENCY.
J-~» Washington st.. phone James 3W1— 10
laborer*, unload cars. 20c per hour, board |
•jy^here. 10c fare; 15 laborers, n-?w work,
$2 day. this is company work, paid weekly,
board anywhere; 15 laborers ror quarry. *&».
a»c fare: 20 laborers, quarry work. $2 day.
J5c fare; 30 Italians. $2 day. long Jab; 25
Aurtrians or Portuguese. $2 day near city; 30
laborers, city work. $1 75 day: 0 laborers.
street grading, n-;ar city. $1 75 day. long
job; 20 teamsters. Butte County. $«7 50; 15
laborer*. Hutte Ccunty. $67 50. all new work;
14 teamsters for Chico, $2 25 day. fare re- '
funded; 5 lumber rilers. Sierra County. ?2 50
day. board in hotel: 3 ranch hands. Stanis-
laus Ccunty. aam? ranch. $"Ai and fd.. steady
place; 3 lanch hands. C. C. Co.. $1 day and
TA.; * ranch hands. Merced County. $)0 and
fd.: woodchoppers. cooks, mechanics; see us
to-day; screw turner, $3 day: machinist. $00;
man with capital to take charge of dairy.
*ee boss here. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
DAIRY fort-man. $50 and found: clothing and
furnishing goods ralee.Tian. $2O we»-k; sorew
turner for mill. *5o and board; 5 cart>ent?rs
for country. $4 day: oab'.nrt maker. $3 day;
bracksmith hf-!p^r $.15 and found: tfam'ter
for mine. $2 50 Oay; 3 laborers for mine,
2 50 day; 2 woodc-hoppcrs. Jl 73 ccrd; farmer.
$30 and fevod: chortman for ranch. $-10 and
found; farmer and wife, $.*-0 and fovn-l:
<t»ks. walter*. butlf-r* porters anJ othets.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacrarmnto st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTF.. 21 Montgcra-ry. r. 12—
St.uj.i-J to manage kitchen and dining-room
of cafe of Urge hotel; must have experience
and food references.
WANTED — Two eub- inspectors. $4 per dl<ra;
a competitive examination will be held for
the above position at the navy yard. Mare
Island. Ca!.. September SO. 1004. For further
inormaticn address Commandant. Navy
Yard. Marc Island. Cal-
ALL unen>r>loy«fd cWk«. bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge HOKD
A SMITH. 95 Thiru rU S. F.
J GOVERNMENT poslticns— Call at 025 Golden
1 Gate ave., room 7. for free Information bs
to positions, sa'arlcs. age limits, etc: day
or ever.inps.
WANTED — Experienced domestic Ea!ei>Tnan.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.,- at HALE
BROS.'
BOYS wanted— Goed wages; steady employ-
ment; for American District Messenger Ser-
vice. Apply at C07 Market et.
BAHRER for 10c shop. C47H Howard st.
COOP b»rb*r — Young single man preferred.
<-:T Valencia st.
BAKBER at Crofsley miildlcp. sixth floor, cor-
ner New Montgomery and Mission sts.
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good-ray-
ing business. Address box 1590, Call office.
WANTED — Boy to learn carriage blacksmith -
ing, with recommendation. F-S Harriton et.
WANTED— An errar.d boy. 7S Geary «t.
BOOTDLACK wanted. CS East st. .
LVNCH walt'r fcr email restaurant. 25S5
Market et.. ne-.r Sixleenth.
A grr.tkmsn wanted roommate. 36 Geary st.
WANTED — To buy a barber ehop. Address
G. H.. !>74 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade: enly eight weeks
r*culred: constant practice and expert in-
struction: pofltl'ns secured: special induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed (re*.
Meier System Collece. CS5 Clay it. ,
WANTED — Men and beys to learn p!umb!n«
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
FlumMnir; kend for catalrirue. Address 4J7J-3
Fatter, craw St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED— Men and «x:r«n tu prepare fcT
Government position*. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant b!dg.. 1095 Market st.
WAXTTli — ijitMjrem and mechanics to know
that »T<i rt'.ik'n. Rrno House proprietor. h a »
.-.rfrfrrt Jf-« new rooms to the Denver Hou«e,
217 Third »t.: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night
WANTCD-- Fir«t-c:*s». experienced clothing
fcfclei-man: one with country experience pre-
fern-d; state age. exi»erlpnce and Hilary ex-
petted. Apply box l£C5. Call office.
FOR sale — First -clam 2-chalr fhop in Palo'
Alto; Iccg lease: rer.t $15; shop 22x10; 3
rooms in hack; account sickness; running 4
>eirs. Inquire nt Call office.
BARBERS — Gcoj shop near city; enly shop la
town; mu*t be pold. DECKELMAN BROS..
10C Ellis st.
FOB, rale^ — First-class 2-cha!r barber shop:
pond business: $S rent; pood laundry trade;
living rooms, furniture; $150. 1110 Folsom.
WANTED— Boy 14 to 15. run errands and
make hlotsrlf generally useful: references
requlre-i. KiKK. GEARY & CO., 112 Geary.
A GOOD canvasser for Oakland for new proyo-
uit'em. Oil from 3 to 5 p. m. at 415 Elev-
enth it-. Oakland.
WANTED — An experienced silk salesman. Call
Tuefday tnrmlr.s at ETKAUSS & TROH-
MANH. 107 Pest rt.
EXFETIEKCKD salesman fcr boys' clothing
wanteJ. AcP'y superintendent's office Th«
fcjnpcriwm.
TRY uur men's thoes. onion made: $1 A $1 50
I iair: foot-form i>hc>e«. f" !**: «« pay exprf»»
rh»ro» 11 3d «t.. Fxtti. bid. :open till a p. ro
MKN and women learn the bnrb^r trad*: w«s p s
paid whl5»> learning. HaI?ht's.O47 Comme.-cla!.
2 younjr ra»n to learn iho bartv-r trade; a Kood
rttanoe. For particulars rail at 751 Miss'on st.
ONE 140 revolving barber chair ar.d balaace
of furiilttrc. 'Jil Capp ft.
WANTED — Ycung man to work at copper
I.'.ate printing. Ajij'ly 12C Keamy st.. r. I.
CANDY-MAKERS wanted. Apply at F. 17.
Brunins's. £21 Eerenth St.. Oakland.
•WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition it. &.F. Baiber College. 74IA Howaid.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HHHMAN'S. 2« Steuart st.
FOR sale — 2-rhalr barber »-hop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wanted at 137 3d ct.. where ehoes are re-
paired by machinery .sen«-d soles 10 min.. 75c
LA 1-0 It debts collected: suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. :cs Montgy..r.411
£AIL>JRS and ycun* men <rreen hands) for
*hlr«. HALLBKRT. .'.17 Jackson et
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulilB.r.4«l.Phel*n bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thorns* P«t. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 roona*; A5c night: reading rooms;
free 'bet end bapgage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and eubsctiptlons has bern
oftened at 1""* Market st., orposlte , Fifth.
Op*n until Up. m. .
ADVERTISEMENTS. *Ufcs«Tlptlons received at
Ca'l branch office, cor. Duncan X Church *u.
ALL rlrr« men's shoes, dlghtly damaged, half
price. 563 Mfssicn rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50e. 503 Mlsion ft., bet. 1st and 2d «t«.
_J CORSES ATO VrAgOITB. -
DAY c&rrlog* team. 17 hands. 1200 pounds each,
price $400: double carriar* (silver mounted)
harness, price fl25; new wagon and top. size
' 4xS Ins:de body, carries 1500 pounds, price
$100. double wagon harness, new, $25: light
surrey, $65: 9 seatfr. $3uQ. Elm ave., first
stable off Plsrce st.. between Golden Gate
ave. and Turk t\. ; - from 8 to*I0 a.m.
' FINE rlrtr bottom pasturage; green feed yea-
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus StabU*. 1'jo Stevenson. 8.F.
I for >*Ie--Fln«t-«laws second-hand express or j
' furniture wacon, with rain . top; bargain. (
HULLERD12CK. hay & grain. 1B54 Mission.
FOR rale — Fine rubber lire surrey, cart -and
2 tfU harnwa. 357 . Bi !• Ft. (Holly Park).
WASTED"- To buy good delivery horse; state 1
lowest cs^h price. Box 900. Call office.
HORBE. harness and wag.cn for sale; $45. Box
1154. Call offlce.- - : ' - -
GOINO out of business 1 : new and *«cond-hand
w«gcn« >old cheap. IMP Ml—lon St., nr. 13th.
LIGHT wagon, Al condition; cheap. Apply
BAKER & EON. 37 Second *t.
AUCTION sate of torses., wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. rn. 827. Sixth «t.
WAOONETTJES. eurrey*. buggies. W *S° C ».J f>«-
ness. work tad drivlnr har»ea. lSth-Valencia.
KOTjrSgg TO SET-
A—PRINTED list of house* to let; •end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House of 10 rooms on California *t.;
rent $40. Inquire at. N.^W. cor. MlMion
and Tenth. Cal. Hou*e-»rreckln*; Co. . «
BEAL ESTATE — CITT — gQB 3AI.E.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom*
Tuesday. September 27. 1U04. at 12 o'clock
noon. ;
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
2904 Jackson *t_. north line. bet. Broderick
and Baker; desirable two-story residence; 10
rooms and bath: lot Z0:8xlOO* subject tu
confirmation by Superior Court.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
651-3-5-7 Washington st.. south line, near
Kearny. and adjoining the Hall of Justice:
improvements consist of a good 4-story
brick building, containing 3 stores 1 aaJ
lodfclng-house of 24 rooms; rented low ttt
$145 per month.
CHOICE VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE.
1711 Vallejo «t., north line, near Franklin:
elegant ie»ldeno« of 10 rooms and bath:
large grounds and garden: commands coed
marine view; lot 4«»:Cxl37:«.
CHOICE PINE-ST. HOLDINGS.
(1>
2715-17 Pine st., south line, bet. Devlsadero
and Broderick: 2 well-built fiats of 6 and ¦
rooms and bath each, with driveway and
ftabl* in rear; rents $C0 per month: lot
25x137 :C.
(?)
2711 Pine st. ; 2-story and basement dwell-
• Ing of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x1:17 :&
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
121V Fulton st.. north line, bet. Scott and
Deviradero; goctl 2-Ftory dwelling of 0
rooms and bath; rent $45 per mo.; lot 23x
1.17:0.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
17-1U Hamrton place, off south line of
Folsora tt.; bet. Second and Third — Two
2-itory dwellings of 8 rooms and bath each;
rents? $4* per nu>. : let 41x25.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Ha!?ht st.. scuth line, bet. Clayton and
Belvedere; lot 25xlC0.
OROVK-ST. FLATS.
402-2*4 Grove H.. north line. bet. Gouga
and Octavia sta. : 2 flats: 5 and 7 rooms and
Lath each; rents $-J7 SO per mo.; lot 27:6x
CS:O. /
DESIRABLE HIILDING LOTS. '
0>
Jacksrn st.. south line, bet. Cherry and
First ave.: buildinx *ot. 27x128:4.
(?)
Washington et., north line. bet. Cherry
and First ave.; buildlrg let. 27x128:4.
SEVENTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
SCO Seventh st., btt. Folsom and Harri-
son ; improvements consist of 3 tenements
of 4 and 5 rooirs each; rents $33 per mo.;
lot 25x75. A splendid holding, which is
bound to -nhanc« In value.
MORRIS AVE. FLATS.
O>
1C8-S*4 Mcrrls ave., off Bryant St.. bet.
."•th and £th sts.: 2 fiats of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents ?£i r«r mo.; lot 20x75.
llO-llO'i Morris ave.; 2 flats. 3 and 4
rooms each: rent $25 per mo.: lot 20x75.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
671 Minna street, scuth line, bet. 7th and
Sth sts.; cottage of 4 rooms, rented nom-
inally for $15 iier iso.: lot 20xC0.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
North Pelnt St.. north line, bet. Jones
and Lcavenwcrth: lot 50x137:6.
For Catalogue and Further Particulars
Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
• 20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chclcrst lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a blUlard table: on street
grade: close to fine school; net far from tie
Mlsslcn-st. <lertric cars: secure on* as an
Investment and by the tint- it is paid for It
will have ' dotbled tn value the way prices
l-.nve advanced during the past year; buy
now befcre rrices become prohibitive In this
raplJIy growing section.
W. J. WHITK.
20 Montgomery St., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
ELEVENTH-AVE. lots ready for building;
graded: street rraded, macadamized and
sewered; gas and water pipes down: east side
of street, th'e desirable side: only $950 each;
23x120; $35 per month: near Point Lobos ave.:
no lots In Richmond with all the street work
done. etc.. and lecated so well. can be
bought on installments or so cheap.
W. *. OUNN. 5.10 California St..
I Savings Union bldg.
ONL 4 lots left near Dolores* st., the Van Ness
ave. of the Mission: Derfectly level: cement
sidewalks; cas: water and aewer In street:
terms to suit: interest at 6 per cent (bank
rates). Call before . they are all gone.
WEISSBE1N BROS. A CO..
6ia Sacramento st.
$1150 — COR. Silver ave. and Congdon; cottage
4 rooms; must be sold soon.
$1600 — Cottage 4 rooms; 220 28th st.: will
loan $1200 on this place. D. COFFIN St.
CO., 2528 Mission et.. near 21st.
WE have some special bargains In city prop-
erty; also homes on ea«y term* In Berkeley
and- Alarmda. Call or send for what you
want. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 5C7 California.
FOR sale — Six elegant new flats: 6 and 7 rms
and bath: facing Panhandle; will be sold at
less than cost to build. Box 1S58. Call. .
A $20C0 HOME built to suit you. lot includ-d.
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$1900— MODERN ccttage. 5 rooms. 117 Mar-
shall ft. , take car to Stiver. Terms. $25 mo.
HOUSE for sale; 4 rooms and bath, with fin-
ished basement. 718 Vermont, st., bet. 10-20.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S3S Howard st,
CHEAPEST and bent in America — The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, bent to any address in th*
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
lH-*tar- paid.
caicgEar bajtcitxs.
IDEAL CHICKEN- RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at ban Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard en gentle slope;
sixe to suit; easy terms: plenty water; fin-
fruit; call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
rSTATE^TO JEXCHANQ.E.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY, '
F. A. HARK. MANAGER.
SUITE SO7-SO3 CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell hla holdings fcr the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of prop-
erty. ?
Our long experience In this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
or.!;* cr.e transaction. The only condition we
make Is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose cf it fcr you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KJND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
wi i-thUfs offerings.- or j property so heavily
njortrared aa to leave no actual equity.
If tt has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or tnanmacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
|r» what klr-d cf property you prefer In ex-
change, and ycru will be eurprised how quickly
we can effect the remit.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE, UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertlalnc or any other purpose unless we pro-
ctre an exchange satisfactory to yon to accept.
TO EXCHANGE.
For unlncumbered country "real estate north
of Ssn Francisco, equity of $0550 In Berke-
ley residence; lot 45x135; house of S rooms,
gas lighted: separate servant's room and
toilet: porcelain bath: large storeroom; new-
ly painted, papered and tinted throughout:
good t table and chicken house: outbuildings
and fences newly painted; value $6000;
mortgage $2450 can stand: Berkeley values
increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion: school in same block; six blocks from
entrance . to university grounds; convenient
to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and In first-class condition: sum* side-
walk: owner leaving. Addrera for next ten
days only. Owner, box 165!>. Call office.
$0000— LOT 100x200 ft., with house of 7 rooms '
and bath: bard finished; garden, lawn, flow- !
ers and trees: a fine residence in one of
th? best-known summer resorts In Southern
California; will sell or exchange for Im-
proved property In San Francisco; the title
is perfect. '" i
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT ' CO
1313 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Tel. Folsom 3488.
$2100— 120-aere ' farm: .40 acres fenced: 5000
bearing crape vines; good buildings: in Shas-
ta County; even exchange for S. F. or Oak-
. land Improved property. MRS. H. S, AV- I
DERSON. Reddinz. - * I
CHEAPEST and best tn America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addxess in th*
.United State* or- Canada en* year for $1.
pot tag* paid. . ' . -
'.' HEAX ESTATE WAJrrXP.
WANTED— A ranch of about ICO acres, ad-
' Joining some Government land; . must hava
house, barn. -Implements, etc.. and plenty
"of water: within 10 or 12 miles of some good
town;: win exchange business clearing over
$100 per month and pay or accept difference;
Sonoma or Mendocino County preferred. Box
! 1390. ' Call office. Oakland.
=SS TELL YOUR WANTS TO READERS OF THL! GALL, -'.•¦• SAILED.
¦ .: . '¦".; ¦> ' ' - Sunday, 8ept 18.
Stmr ' Whittler ' Dlxsen. -Klhel.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived '} Sept IS— Stmr Dirigo,
: from Skagway. , j. __
/Every, one who lives In.France,
whether'a ;French .subject % or a ; for
eigner,: is] now .;' cotapelle'd ,;to T be - vac-:
clnated/ three times, that is, 'during?'. the'
_nt,eleve-t-aDdtwenty--rsty'ear,'
IjATE SHIPPING INTEIiLIGENXE.
D. Donald JIarklnson ¦ (owner) with Kelly
Brothers . (contractors), architects Havens &
Toepke— All -work for > a two-story and base
ment frame dwelling on E line of Sixth avenue.
234 N of Lake street. N 25. E 128:0i£.,S 25, W
127:3%; $3345. • . <
William ' J. Hawkins (owner) with R. F.ahy
(contractor), architect- Thomas J. Welsh — AH
work for a two-story ¦ frame building, - with
basement, on E line of Baker street, 82:0 S of
Page. ;E 06:10^. N 27:6.- W 00:10'$, S 27:6;
$C45S. ' . . ;
;Wonfj". Lang \ Woo (owner) _wlth the Central
Iron Works- (contractors), s architects O'Brien
& -Werner — All .'work, excepting, plumbing, for
alterations r and additions to a three-story
frame building on 16 Washington alley; $1400.
' George - W. - and . Reuben C. Haas (owners)
with Otis Elevator Company (contractors), ar
chitect William Curlett— -Elevator work in store
In new. Flood ; building, NE corner Market and
Powell : streets; $1280. . -*£3&g38W&gBBB
Annie Poole to Robert Huddleston, lot on
SW line of San Mateo street. 75 SE of Lald
ley. SE 25 by SW 112. lot 3C. block 6. Fair
mount; $10.
Claude and May Harness to Anna Benslnger,
lot on S line of Montana street. 325 W of
Plymouth. W 75 by S 125, i block S, Railroad
Homestead: $10. .,.:.- - . .
John Turner. Owen Evans, tfte firm of Tur
ner & Evans and Grace T. Turner to Michael
and Nelllle Whelton. lot on S line, of Fair
mount otreet. 140:0 E of; Palmer. E 25 by S
120. block 15. : Fall-mount; $10.
¦"Builders' Contracts.
-Anna D.;' Jocst to Jacob S. Hermann and
Nathan D. Newman lot on N line of Market
strtet, 400 W of Thirty-ninth, N 123.11, W
78.41, S 124:11. E 85.31; $10.
John I. Bradley to Mock Bradley lot on.E
line of State street. 125 N of Randolph, N
25 by E 100. lot 10, block 37, City Land As
sociation; $10. ¦
Donald and Helen E. Mackenzie to Catherine
F Hill (wife of Thomas L.). lot on W. line of
Fourth avenue. 100 N of A street. N 25 by
W 120; $10.
Willis B. Fry to Charles • M. and Helen L.
Stoltz; lot on NE corner of Thirty-first avenue
and B street. N 174:5 by E 120; $10.
Margaret Wilson (wife of Clarence) to John
B. . and Christina Henderson, lot on W line
of Forty-eighth avenue. 262:6 N of M street,
N 25 by W 120; $20C0.
Joseph : and Caroline F. i Nash to . Anna ' T>.
Joost, Jot on N line of Market street. 30O W
of Thirty-ninth avenue, N 123:11, W 178.41,
S 12.4:11. E 1S5.S5; $10.
Ferdinand G. Srallman to Elizabeth . B.
Castro (wife of G. E.) and Charlotte Castro
(wife of W. S.), lot on W Una of Twelfth
avenue. 100 S of Lake etreet. 9350 by W 120;
$10. •
Margaret G. Grennan (wife of John A.) to
W. Tracy lot on N . line of Fell street, 110
E of Octavia, E 27:6 by N 70; $10.
Eugene H., Theodore S. A., Francis X. M.
Regina, Gregory P. and M. Rose Kast and
E. Sacriste to Edward A. Lesser, lot on N
line of Hayes Btreet, 76:6 E of Octavia, E
61 by N 120;, $10,.
' Charles Fricke to Charlotte Fricke, lot on S
line jo! Union street, 76:0 E of Octavia, E 61
by N 120; gift.
Pacific Home Co-operative Company to John
Harrison, lot on S line of Union etreet, 193:0
W of Fillmdre. W 25 by S 137:0; $10.
Alfred P. and Bessie W. ¦ Fuller to same,
same; ?10.
. Pacific Home Co-operative Company to same,
same; $10. a
George L. and Katie L. Fits to Eva E.
Fisher, lot on NE corner of Thirteenth and
Howard streets. N 105:3',i by E 138:4, 6
147:314.. E 146:7: $10.
Andrew B. and Jennie G. Knox to J. Witt,
lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 203 W of
Sanchez. W 23 by N 114; $10.
Otto E. A. and Sophie C. H. Schmidt to
Oscar Brand, lot on E line of Alabama street,
104 N of Twenty-third, N 26 by E 100; $10.
Frederlch Alves to Trientjen Alves, lot on
E line of Hampshire street, 269 S of Twen
tieth. S 25 by K 100; gift.
Laura F. Shew to Ernest G. Larson, lot
on N line of Nineteenth street. 100 E of Eu
reka. E 25 J>y N 75; $10.
• 1J. H. and Frances Llchtenstein to Wllllani
Ede Company, lot on on N line of O'Farreli
street, 27:6 E of Powell. E 55 by N 77:6; $10.*
William Ede Company (corporation) to Ben
jamin II Llchtenstein. lot on SW corner of
Powell and Ellis streets, S 4S by W 73;
$110,000.
Catherine. William and Katherlne Ede,
Clare L. E.' Wilson and Joseph C. Bates to
same, same, quitclaim deed; $*0.
Estate of Emily E. Barstow (.by George P.
Thurston and Warren Olney, executors) to
Eliza Cooper, lot on SE line of Park lane
North. 232 SW of Second street. SW 44 by SE
07:6; $St>00.
William Cooper to same, same; gift.
Sidney J. Loop to Loop Estate Company, lot
on W corner of Second and Bryant streets.
NWS3 by SW 120: also lot on S corner of
Second and Bryant streets. SB 40 by SW 00;
also lot on W corner of Sixth avenue and A
street South, NW 75 by SW 1C0. lot 1. block
111. South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; $10.
Herman Schottler t» Isabella F. Schottler.
lot on E line of Langton street, 250 S of
Howard. S 25 by E 80; gift.
SATURDAY, SEPT. 17.
REAL) ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SALINAS, Sept. 18.— "Jack" Webb's
statement that he had killed Jacob
Miller ten miles from town last night
is true. To-day Miller's body was
found lying about forty yards from his
house. The Coroner's examination
showed that he had been shot in the
right side, just below the seventh rib,
and in the left side, of the neck. Death
must have been instantaneous.
Investigation shows that Webb, in
stead of following the usual road from
Salinas to his home, just beyond Mil
ler's, had driven across lots until he
came to Miller's place. Here he at
tempted to open a gate and cross Mil
ler's land. The latter ordered him to
desist. Webb, however, persisted in
trying to open the gate, whereupon
Miller, who was armed with a double
barreled shotgun,,flred. Webb returned
the fire with his rifle and Miller fell.
Webb at once came to town and sur
rendered himself to the Sheriff.
As -there were no witnesses Webb will
probably be allowed to 'go free. He is
well connected and bears an excellent
reputation for good character and hab
its. .
Salinas Farmer's Tale of a
Duel in Woods Verified by
Investigation of Coroner
SHOT TO DEATH
AT OWN GATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, vtPO*.
10
AUCTION SALES
j__a. fe fe
150 Horses for Sale
By order of G. H. MEIS3 of Montague. CaL,
I will -ell 150 HORSES at PUBLIC AUCTION.
This consignment consists of a lot of well-bred
Geldings, Mares, Yearlings and Colts
Sale takes place on
WEDNESDAY, September 21, at I! a. in.
At J. B. HORAN'S SALE YARD.
Coiner Tenth and Bryant sts.
Horses can be seen at yards any day previous
to sate.
" S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
fe fc* &*
By order of C. Weber of Hanford I will sell
one carload of ALL PURPOSED HORSES;
also assortment of Rubber-Tired Buggies,
Wagons and Surreys, at 1140 FOLSOM ST..
TUESDAY. Sept. 20. at 11 o'clock.
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY.
September 21, at 11 a. m. 50 HORSES of
Standard Drayage and Transfer Company.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
€!•¦/, Steamers leave Broadway
iv wharves (piers 9 and U),
7_\ San Francisco:
\J\ For . Ketchlkaa. Wranee!,
.1 1 Juneau. Halnes. SScagway,
, I I etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Sept.
VetJ 12. 17. 23. 27. October 2.
Cy Change to this company's
/ steamers at Seattle.
v For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port TownsendTSeattle. Tacoma, Everett, Bel-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company"*
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N\ P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13. 19. 25. October 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m., Sept. 10, 16, 22. 28. October 4.
For Los Ansel's (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Sept. 12. 20, 28,' October ft.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 16, 24, October 2.
For Ensehada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Ilex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For furtner information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing' dates.
TICKET OFFICES —^ New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight 00.ee, 10 Market st.
C D. DUXANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market ft.. San Franctico.
The Pacific Tranaltr Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. i
occanic_^w.=_Bi
S. S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 29, 2 p.m.
SS ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 8,11a.m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20, 11 a.m.
J.D.SPBECKELS&BEOS. CO., ASt-W.TlGk8t QOlCS 643 Mir-
_ei mtut omc- 329 uamt St., Pier 7, Pacifls si
COMPAQNIE GEKERALE TBAN3ATLANTIQCE.
: P1RECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _j P _». !t _ >
Satllns every Thursday instead of -fi"v«iS_»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, *-«»—_•
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seo-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI -s CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. ZTavy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F., foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
9:G0 A. M., 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays, 8T:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo — Week days.
1 6:50 A. M.. 12:20' and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 3
P M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*
! Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
S0o round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO. Phone Main 641. 'Saturday except-d.
To TJ. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmrs General Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m., 12:30, 3:15, 6, 8:30 p. m. (ez.Sun.);
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7, 9 a. m., 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days, 7 a. tn.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2, foot -Mis-
sion street: phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
-_j__j-5S--3I-3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAY COMPANY,
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street,
SAXT FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. ll:0U «. m..
12:35, 2:30. 3:10. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and H:_0
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW KA7AEL TO SAH FBA2TCISCO.
WtEK DAYS— B-.U3. o:5O. 7:35. 7:50 »:»>.
11:15 a. m.. 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 3:20.
6:25 p. m. . _
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. 0:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:43.
3:40. 4:50, 6:00, 5:_0. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. -
Leave j in~Efrect I Arrive
Ean Fran. I May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. I days, f Daya.
• «l 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:S0a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
S:POa f)::a)a Irnacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2-30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
; 7 :25 p
8:45 p
7--r»a 7-30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
Siooa siooa Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p a:^O p
6:10 p 2:30 p «nd 7:25 p T:_3p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7 -30 a 7 -30a i~~ * 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a S:00a Fulton. l : *5 p S : S2 p
2mo p 2:30 n 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor
•7-30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
«»-30p 2:30 p Geyservill-. 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. ___________
7:30al 7:=J0al Hopland 110:20 all0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi and U-lah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
'- j j Wllllts. j I
7:30 at 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8-00 al 8:00 al Guernevtlle and 110:20 ajl0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:(K>a 8:00 a : 8:40 a 8:40 a
5-10 d 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p .6:20 p
.', 5:10 p Glen Ellen. - 8:45 p
7:30al 7:3o"a] ~ '' 110:20 a|10:20 a
_:30pl 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect . at Santa Rosa for White
Sufphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'e Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lvtton Springs: at " Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boons-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kels,eyvllle, Carls-
bud Springs Smla Hay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Borings; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Buck-ell's.
Kanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr^s Hot
Kurings, Halfway" House. Comptche. Cam?
Stevens Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg..
Weatport Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport" Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ft-
duccd rates
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates-.
. .Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
U JAS? r £. FRAZIER. • R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lear* ' T» famli)* tmj Arrive
- Ban Frautlsco Irt »f a_r trt H, San Franc-toa-
"Week 8«»-"" _-«___: Ban- Week"
Days, days. __»£____ _____»_.
.....10:00a __f____fl_P 2:0Br*1i:0SA
tOrOO A 11:00 a 3:33 r 3:38 r
l:4» r 12;20 p \_^sS2r 6:40 p 6:18 l
t:lSr 1;45p l3_3_r 6:t3r 10-.0* i
........ *&* n .-,-;¦ «:50 r . ... ...;.
•Tla CratKj far. V ' Y > T-aulp-b U la ftflq.
Tic-UCT t<26 Uakit Bt. (North Shore Rallroadj
Oiticu land s-us-Aira fiur, Toot U-zkat a*.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
# Trains lea.** and »r» d««
to»rrl»o«t
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fbom JCT-T U. M04.V; . : "i'-V
rmi Daro*
(Toot of Market Street.)
;._at_ - MAIN LINE- ---JrTT
"~74>0a Vsca-rllle. Winters, Ramsey—...- 745O»
74)0ABenicl_.EImirasnd Sser_meato.. 7.20*
7.30a Vollejo, Naps. Callstogs, Saa^a .^
KomT Marttne-. San KamoB...^ |.2gr
7.30a Ntles. Tracy. Lathrop. 9»c!ttoB.... 7.H~»
8.00a ShMt* Expreti — (Via V*rU\
Williams (for Bartlett SpriBgsK
. Willows. tFroKK Ued Blttlt, .
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle...... 7.50*
1430a DsTts. Woodland, Kalghw Landing.
M»ry*TllIe. Chfco. OroTtll* ...... 7-S0»
6 _-fo°rd. M V?.Vl^
- PorterrlUe ••• _• «_W»
aUIOAPort Co«ta, Modesto. Merced,
0 *"^ FreiQo. Gosben Junction, Hsa-
ford. Vlsalia. BsfceriUeld ... ... •4.W*
tZtASOt: S«n Jo«e. Llrerinore. Stock-
ton. (tMlltoo). lone. _»cr«ment©,
M»ryr»llle. Chtco. Red B'.ufl .... 4.20*
8.30a Oakdnle. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o»
nors, Tuolnmne and Angels ..... 4-20»
8 00a Atlantic Expreit— Ogden _ndK*»t. 5-20*
830a Richmond, M_rtlne_ and W_y
Stations _.50»
10 00a The OTerland Limited — Olden.
Omaha. Chicago, Denter. _Uni__ _
City. St.' Louts i5in.
10.00a Vallejo -—• «•*>»
10.00a Loa Angeles Ps»«enger — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byron. Trsey.
Latltrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Oosnen June-
tion, Hsnford. Lemoore, Vii-Ua,
Bakenfleld. Lo§ Anjelei ttS_f
12.00m Hsyward. Nlles snd W«y Station*. ...f-fiJP
11 .OOP BacrsmentoRirer Ste»mers_ fli.OQ*
3 30P Benlcli*. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Willows, Knights
Lsndtar. M-rysTl'le. Oro»llle ,.___
»nd w»t «t»tloa»
5 30p Bay wtrd. Nlles and W»y S Utlonf .. 7-5Q»
400P Mart!nez.3ani:i«nion.V_lleJo,l»aa_,
CalU'.o__. SnntaRoia ?S2*
4-OOp Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. J_ool ...... 4-*»£
4 30PHajwtrd. Kllei. Lrfington, 6mI .J*?« a
Joie. LITermore ..I Jll.aUA
6-CCpThe Owl iJmited— Newmsn. Los
EUnoi. -Mendota. Fresno. Tnlare.
B__srtfleld.LoiAngele» S-52*
tS-30p H-yw-rd. Miles snd S»n Jose ..... * _¦<»¦%
B.OOp il»y ward. Nlles and Ssn Jose 150*
••OOP Eastern Express— Ogden. Om-ha,
Chicago, DenTer, Kansas City.
St. Louli. Tla Marttne*, Stockton, _ mmm
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12.809
8. OOp Vallejo, dally.-except (Sunday.... t _¦___•
7.00P Vallejo. Sunday only I •¦••*'
74J0P Klchmond. San Pablo, fort Coita,
Martinez and Way Stations 11-20*
7X0PBeno PMieng-er— Port Coita, Sal-
sa-, Elmlra. Davi*. Sacramento.
Tmekee. Lake TtBoe. Beno,
Tonopah. Sparks 7.804
t.05Prort Costs. Martinet. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Freino and _____
Way Stations beyond Port Cotta 12.23*
••05p Yoaemtte Valley, tI» Berenda and
Wawona .!53 A
•J)5PM»riIne_. Tracy. Stockton 10-2O*
• 06p Oregon * Caltf ornia Expreis— 8 to-
ramento, JfarysTllle. Reddtas,
Portland. Poget Sound and Kast. 1-SOA
8.10P Hayward. Nile* and San Joie (Soar '
day only) .- 1»-W4
COAST LINE <3«rrow flaan).
. < foot of M-rltwt Street.)
7.45a Sa_taCru-E_c_r»io_<S__dayonly) 8-10?
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. San J«m,
Felton, Boulder Creek. BlfcBailn,
Santa Crus and Way Stations... 585P
18.15a Arrarado. Newark, San Jo«e. Loa
Gutos, Cleu wood, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Biff Baaia. Santa Cruz.... 8-18*
K.15P Newark. Centervllle, Ssn Jois,
New Almaden.Los ti a tot, Felton,
Boulder Crnek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1951*
4.1Ep Newark. San Joie, Los Gatoa..... tS-53*
- 4-15p Wright, Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Saturday and Sunday only. >855a
COAST LI N E (JJrosd tiaage).
» tr (Third noj Totrnaond Stre-U.)
8-1 0a San Jote and Way Stations 8-IOp
1700a San Jose and Way Station* S.40*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
S.OOA New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.10*
OtfAThe Coaatcr— San Joie. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paio Uoblea. Santa
Margarita. San Lull OblspaSant-
¦ Barbara. San Buenaventura.
MontalTo, Oxnard, Bnrbank, Los
Angeles. 10.48*
tiSOA Gllroy. Hollint.'r. CastroTllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lota-
poc 10-45*
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnoi.WatsonvHle, ¦ -
- . Capitola, Santa Crux. PaciSe
Grore, Saltnaa. San I.tils Oblspo
and Principal Way Station!. ... 4.10P
10.30a Ban Joie and Way Stations. 1.20*
11 30a Santa Clara, San Joie, Los Qatos
and Way Statlona : 7.30t»
1-30pSan Joie and Way SUtloni 8-3Sa
IS-COpDel Monte Express (except San-
day)— Santa Clara, ban Jose,
WataojiTllle. Santa Cruz. Del
Monte. Monterey. Pacific Grovs. t!2-1S*
I-SOP Burllnaaine, San Jo*e, Gilroy. Hol-
, llnter, Tre* Plnoa.FaJaro.Wataoa-
vllle. Capitol*. Santa Ctuj, Cas-
tro ville, Sallnai. Pacific GroTe. .. 10 43 *
4.30p San Joae and Way Stations _at tS-OOA
tS OOP Santa Clam. San Jose. Lot Gatos, '
Wright anJ principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) tS-OOa.
|5-30p SanJoseaniiPrlnclpalWayStaUons 13.43a
6 45p Sunset Express.— Redwood. Saa
Joae, GIIroy.SaItaai.raio Uoblea,
Ban Lais oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. El Paso.
New Orleans. New York 7.10*
; 6.45P P»J*ro, WaUonrtlle. C.pisola, 1 II.
Santa Crna. CastroTnic, Del>!32-_9*
Monte, Pacific Gtoto \l\Q4&P
18.15P £anMateo,Bereiford,Belmoa\Saa
Carlos. ICedwood, Fair O__s.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto.... tf.48*
8-30p San Jose and Way Stations......... 8l38a
8. OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10. IS*
11. 30p South banFranclsco. Mlllbrae, Bar-
llngame. San Mateo, Belxnoat
• San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.41*
-11 20p Maytteld. Mountain View, Sunay
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
anJoae tt.48*
A for Morning. p for Aftarnooa.
t Sunday excepted. t Snndar only
u Saturday only. b Monday only.
{Scop* at all i taUoai OB Sunday.
BT^^CAl-IFORNIA If
fi LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
[I LEAVES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS |
IB at S)::tO a. xa-, t-tzor-grh In 3 d*7«. I j
9| with diner and all trapping*. H
Other Santa 7* Trains :
7:30 a. m-1 for Etockt0 _, Fresno. Bakeraflsi-,
8:0O £ Sj MtTce*. Hanford and VUalta.
4:00 p. in. for Stcckton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Can— n a_»<_
Chicago.
TICKET OFriCIIS — 641 Market Bt. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 27 South Tint 8t_,
San ¦ Joae.
H To SAN RAFAEL-
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
TU Sauialito Perry
SUB -THB AN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUOE.
Depart from Saa Francisco, week days. »»
« •£> "l0. 1:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 «_ «
fir 40 -. m- Sansalito only). 12:20. 1 «.
i^OO. 4=35. 5:15. 5:3O. -:_3. 7:13. O.OoTloiao
lr-SS P- ~- Sundays and legal holiday- denari
.tir-lO 7:45. 3:30. »:15. 10:00. U:_a i??5
V __. V.20. 1:00. 1:43 2:30. 3:13. 4*0. V-M?
5:1-75:50, 8:25. 7:13. 8:13, 9:00. 10:20. __j»
P *ArrlT* at San Francisco, week days _«17
T-W^ti-a: 8:15. 8:4»_a:W. 10:20. ll:0»*:'__f'
v^oS l:-5. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 3:03, 3:40 _-l_!
6 r -5T"'?:55. !<>:<*. I*:* 3 * ™. On Sunday. _£_
legal holidays extra train* arrive at 12M_^ £o_*
c . _y p. HI. *
Fer Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 . _.
3-13 P. «n. On Sundays and legal holidays «
T'-3. »:15. 10-.00 1 . 11:00 a. xa.. 12:20. ."oj":**
*" m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7;4_. a. m. daily — Cazadero and way aUtlan*.
»:15 a. m. Sundays only— For -Point Reyes,
_*:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caaa.
dero, etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only—For Cazadero. eta.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st,
FERRY — Union Depot, foot o< Market at,
WEEKlJCALL
.16 Pages. SlpcrYcaP
BOOlkXS TO SET — rnrn. and TJataxn.
FRANKLIN, 1451, near Sutter— Furnished or
housekeeping sunny, corner rooms; low rent;
select place. '
FULTON, C3C— Furnished room to let; tele-
phone in house.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phono
Clay 996. -
GEARY, 16S5— A nicely furnished front room
to let, with bath; $7. -
GOLDEN Gate ave., 521— Furnished front
suite; reasonable; others. -
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; tl 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HAMPTON place, 17. oft Folsom, near Third — 4
sunny rooms;' rent reasonable. .
HOWARD, 715 — Large eunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 737>4 — Nicely furnished rooms from
$1 50 up; good location. "i; •' "
HOWARD. TSOA-T-Furnlshed rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1608 — Nicely furnished rooms with
running water; reasonable.
HYDE. 1P49— Rooms to let
IN desirable location: new flat; occupied by
small private family; 1 bay-wladow front
room and 2 pleasant eido rooms. Address
box 1506. Call office.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms; single, $7; for two, $S.
i LARGE furnished front room; windows east,
\ south, west. 2311 Durant ave., Berkeley.
LARKIN, 433 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
hot, cold water, elevator; windows for parade.
MARKET. 1722 — Furnished rooms to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 CO per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and mod-
ern hotel and rooming house In San Fran-
cisco that has hot and cold water, electric
lights, call bells, steam heat In every room
and gives free baths and elevator service day
«wd night to Us guests.
MISSION. S17— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 1027— Neatly furnished front parlors
and kitchen; reasonable.
MISSION. 1324— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. CS2— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA, 615 — Nice, front, sunny room to
let. ,
NINTH. 134 — Furnished rooms to 1st,
OAK. 124 — Nice furnished front parlor; private
house; 1 or 2 persons; $10 to $12 month.
OCTAVIA. 1157. Ellis-st. car. Jefferson Park—
Well furnished rooms; gas, bath, phone.
PAGE. 1776 — 2 unfurnished rooms and bath;
call mornings.
! PINE, 1733 — 2 single newly furnished rooms;
I bath; phone; running water; reasonable.
. ¦
| PINE. 1920— Furnished rooms to let
| POLK. 725 — Nice furnished room in nice lo-
cation.
POST, CC2 — Nice single rooms to let
POST, 6S3 — Large furnished room, running
water.
POST, 1037. cor. Park — Beautifully furnished
rooms, single or en suite.
j POWELL. 2021 — A sunny front room with
bath, *10.
SCOTT. 503— Nicely furnished front room to
let. •
SIXTH. 143 — Rooms to let, with privilege of
light housekeeping.
SUTTER. 1810 — Large, sunny, bay-window
; front room, with ail modern improvements.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New brick blJg.i
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat
. privilege to baths; $3 to $6 week.
THIRD. 30S— I. O. O. F.'s given flat rate 50c
for fl and 75c rooms; bath; gas; quiet: resp.
UNITED STATES; 12:'. Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to ?l week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running wAer in every
. room; elevator, rcad.-room; tree bus; baggage.
VALKNCIA, 210 — Large, sunny rooms; private
• family.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
3.V: to $1 50 night; ?2 to ?S week; elevator;
dec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from I5c per night up.
BOOMS AZ~D BOARD.
BEST location: excellent table; cheertul, hand-
pomely furnished room?, single or en suite;
moderate prices by week or month; $30 per
month and upward. The Newport, 1018 Pine.
ROOM and board In private family; single or
double; 2 blocks from Park: reference. 20
B et.. bet. l.-t and 2d aves.. Richmond Dim.
ROOM and board for man, wife and two
children; private family: near Jefferson
Park; preferred. Box 1833, Call office.
O' FARRELL, 1194— Private boarding; sunny
rooms; hot and col_ water; terms reasonable
for two.
A SOCIABLE home, moderate, for a refined
workingman: good meals. Box 1670, Call.
COMORA. 621 O'Farrell— Large room, with
bath; superior table; fine grounds; rates low.
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furbished rooms, with best
of French table board; gool location; reas.
EDDY, 1128, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
eunny rooms: table board: reas.; new manag.
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny rooms, with board,
$20; also housekeeping suite; hot, cold water.
HOWARD. 811A— First-class board and room,
single or double, '$5-$0 wk.; American family.
PLEASANT room, excellent home table; «ln-
gU?. $22 50. Phono West 248. Box 1713, Ca».
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
836.
SUTTER, £20— Elegantly furnished sunny
front room?, with or'wlthout board.
ROOM and board in private family. _42S
Jones s_
Stevenson M-nslon, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — Se* rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOM-EEKTINO AGEHCT.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you hare and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 596,
or call at 117 Sutter st.
3-EOAI. 3TOTICES.
CHAPTER CCXI.
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRICTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOR
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO; TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF SAID BONDS; AND PROVIDINO
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20. 1003.]
The people of the State ot California, repre- :
sented In senate and assembly, do
enact as follows: ,
Section 1. For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the indebtedness here-
by authorized to be Incurred by t_e board of
etate harbor commissioners for the erection of
a seawall and appurtenances In the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which -aid seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
miexioners are hereby empowered to construct
in the manner authorized by law, . and at a
cost not to exceed eald two million dollars), , the
state treasurer shall. Immediately after the
issuance of the proclamation of the governor,
provided for in section ten hereof, prtpare two
fhnt l—nd suitable bonds of the State of Call- ;
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dollars each. The whole Issue of said bonds
shall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and said bonds shall bear Interest at the rate
of four per centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, and both principal
and lntere«t shall be payable in gold coin
of the present standard qf value, and they
shall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen years
from their date, subject however, to re-
demption by lot as in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall bear date the
wcond day of January, A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and shall be made payable . on < the
second day of January, nineteen hundred end
twenty-four A. D. The interest accruing on
such of eald bonds as are sold shall - be due
and payable at the office of the said state
treasurer on the second day of January, and
en the second day of July, of each year after
the e_Ie of.the same; provided, that the first
j payment of interest shall be made on the
second day of January, A. T>. nineteen hun-
dred and six. on so many of said bonds as
may have been . theretofore sold. . At , the ¦ ex-
piration of ' nineteen years from > the "date of
said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease to bear
interest and, likewise, all bonds redeemed by
lot -ball ceaee to bear interest as . in this
act provided, and the, said state treasurer shall
call - in, forthwith pay, and . cancel the . same
out of the moneys In the San FrancUco cea wall *
ALA2IEDA APVERTS'M'TS
j_rj__XDA H~*^ZSTATE.
TvFwTroom 5-story house just completed.
beautifully finished on Inside; large closet
<r^ every bedroom: dressing-room fitted up
with every convenience; beautiful eldeboard
Tnd china closet in dining-room; electricity
tnt w for lighting; within 1 block of sta-
tion and V, -!<** t° electee «"*: I«* 40x117;
"m sell on very reasonable terms. Apply at
_>50 San Jose avenue. ,
FOR saJe — Fin* 6-room cottage, nearly com-
pleted; lot 60x108. Call and «ee it at 15S0
t'nlon «_.. Alameda-
BERKELEY ADVEB/PS'NTS
BEKKEZ-CT KEA1J ESTATE.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
«of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1 008 Market tt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
QAX-.A-TD KEAJj ESTATE.
/ I N VKSTMEN TS.
INVESTMENTS.
SI.*.— PER FOOT— $18.
*15— PER FOOT— 118.
CHOICE LOTS
* CHOICE LOTS
IN THE FINE RESIDENCE SECTION
IN THE FINE RESIDENCE SECTION
OF OAKLAND.
OF OAKLAND.
Directly en the Oakland-ave. Electric Line.
IXrectly on tlie Oakland-ave. Electric Line.
ONLY 5 MINUTES' WALK FROM THE
KEY ROUTS STATION.
$15— PER FOOT— J 15.
«15— Pirn FOOT— $15.
Call cr Address
Et. C. XEWELL
t_ir UKOADWAY. OAKLAND.
V
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.)
lOtiO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$400— Corner lot on Twenty -third st.. _3xl00;
very cheap. «
$500 — Comer lot. S7:€xl0O; on Filbert St.;
great bargain; in West Oakland.
$3,350 — Reduced from $3750; new, modern. S-
rocm house; lot 42:txll5; within 4 min-
utes' walk of Key Route etation.
— -2ijG0 —
$4,0CK> — Fine Lir.da Vista corner, with very
desirable 2-story, 7-room hcuse; less
than one-third cash.
«77
$1.100 — Cheap; must be eold: 4-room cottage;
well inside calling limits for train men;
lot worth $soo.
flZ.OOO — InEide lot. l(Ki_150, for flats or apart-
ment houses; 2-story house now on lot;
value will Increase steadily.
1373
FOR -tie — Sioden » home; lot 4Sxl50; 6 large
rooms; barn, chicken -yards, fruit, flowers,
beautiful lawn; 30 minutes to San Francisco;
Key Route; should be seen to appreciate, ln-
<juSre Owner, 477 Thirty-fourth at., near Tel-
egraph ave. East.
IX>R s&\c — Improved property, paying S per
cent on Investment; on Telegraph ave.. oppo-
site Idora Park. Address box 1398. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
_OA^^HX#J?TrB_7ITTJE,E^rO_i SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Scbelhs.as.llth «t..cgr.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
J XtOOMS FOB H0TJSEKSEPINO,
CAPP. 25C <1941 Mission)— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms to let.
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1535 — 5 sunny rooms
complete; $15 per month, or 3 for $10; sepa-
rate entrance.
GOLDEN GATE. 631 — Nicely furnished single
rooics fcr housekeeping.
JESSIE. S23 — Two large sunny baeement rooms;
gas ra.n_e; grate; _ beds; $4.
KE>7ILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room winny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
LACUNA. WjS. corner Turk (Jefferson square)
— Vacant 30th inst.; handsome rooms; un-
furnished or partly; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. GOG — Two sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for -tiousekeeping.
SIAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
fur. 2 & 3 room suites, sing, rms.; gas, bath.
MCALLISTER. 711— Housekeeping well-furn.
front rms.; large, clean; also furn. rooms.
MISSION, 2758 — Two furnished rooms; sunny;
bath; gas for cooking; $12 month.
KlCE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 696.
OAK. 317 — Co— plete for housekeeping, $5 to
Sl_ : gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407— Per month, $4. furnished; one left
enly; bath; clean; sunny.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corser Geary — Large aulte for
housekeeping; gas range; Fink; $15. ,
POLK. €12— Back parlor eulte; 2 beds; small
kitchen; cas stove; bath; porch; phone; no
children; $18.
SACRAMENTO. 3019— Second floor. 8 or 4
rooms, bath; partly furnished or unfurnished;
&!so elegant parlor suite; new carpets;
kitchen if desired; low rent.
6COTT, 300, NE. cor. Page — Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
THE Virginia. 1003 Powell — Furnished or un-
furnished bay-window suites complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry; yard; quiet, 1417 Fremont ave.. Fruit-
vale. ..¦,•>-
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726 — 2 sunny, bay-window
rooms, completely furnished for hkpg.; reas.
VAN NESS ai - e., 232 — Furnished 2-room suite
for houKciteepin; gas rang.:; adults; $16.
VAN NESS ave., cor Gesry, phone Hyde
' 1846^ — Two beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping; all accommodations; terms
reasonable. A
APABT-gare gotrsEs.
ST. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson St.— Modern 8-4-8
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
_fcOO«3 TO I_ET — rnrn. and TJnf nan.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth et. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Th« Almonte." £73 st (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. £5c, 60c, ?1, $1 SO night;
$1 CO to $10 week; hcuse open all night
EELliOND House, over Owl drug rtore. 2 en-
trances, X12C Market and 21 Turk— Electric
light*: running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to &0c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1251 — Furnished room to let.
DOLORES, SSI — Large, sunny furnished room.
EDDY. 432 — Nlc» tunny single room, fine
neighborhood; reas. to right party. \
ELEVENTH, 12S— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732 — Famished rooms to Jet..
FELL. 830— Furnished room* ' to let." .
FIFTH. 30»— Nlc*ly furn'ehed ; sunny front
room*. SOc and up; suiVi for 4 persons, $2
p_r da/.
MARRIED.
WILLOW— FORAN— In this city, .September
17. 10G4. by i the Right Rev. George Mont-
gomery. Edwin L.. Willow and Frances A.
Foran. both of Bakersfleld. : Cal.
DIED.
i Ahlers, Laura E Murdock,. Catherine ¦
Cantillon. James Nissen. Detlev
Carr. John J. o 1 Shea, -Daniel .
Dockery. Patrick ¦ Payne, Katie-
Donahue, : Lottie W, ¦ Petry, John B. *
Ely. Ralph A. ¦ * Roche, Mary
liaight, Fred B. Rowe Ethel Isabel
Horn, ' Margaret ! Shields. Mildred F.
Linehan, Cecilia Stollbergr, Mrs. M. D."
McMillan. William Taylor. . Emily B.
McShane. Nellie T. Williams. Rev. A.
Montgomery. . E. L>. -
AHLERS— In this city, September 18, 1904.
Laura - E; Ahlers dearly beloved wife of
Amandus W. M "Ahlers and devoted mother
of Mra. Beldin Tlngley 'and Walter A., Ella
M.. Laura M. and Helene D. Ahlers. and
sister of Mrs. Otto C. Rampendahl. a native
of Indiana, aged 44 years * 5 months and 7
Cays. (New York papers please, copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Tuesday). September 20, at 1:30 p. m.. from
the parlors of H. & Co.. 1137. Mis-
sion street, between. Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,
CANTILLON— In this city/ September' 17.
' 1904. James, beloved husband of the lata
Margaret Cantillon, and beloved stepfather
of Mrs.-.B. B. Lawrence and John Stewart,
a native of County. Limerick, Ireland, aged
87 'years and 8 months. .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a.- m.. frpm hislate resi-
" dance. 113 San Carlos - avenue, thence to
• Mission Dolores Church where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing:' at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. \
CARR— In this city, September 17. 1904, John
J. Carr, beloved son of Peter J. and the
late . Katie Carr and brother of Thomas,
Peter and : Edward Carr Mrs. R. Thomas
and Katie Carr a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years.
C_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from. St.. James
, Church, Twenty- third and Guerrero streets,
where a requiem high mass will be* cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. ! Remains
at the mortuary chapel of James Hagan &
Co.. 40-51 Duboce avenue (formerly Thir-
teenth etreet), near Valencia etreet. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOCKERY— In this city. September 18, 1904,
Patrick Dockery.' beloved husband of the
late Bridget Dockery, and beloved father of
¦ Mrs. Mary E. Jose and Edward Dockery. . a
native of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged
83 years and 8 months. (Trinity Journal
; please copy.)
B-TFriends and acquaintances are respect -
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 330 Noe street, between Market and
Seventeenth, thence to old Mission - Dolores
Church. "corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a high mass will be cele-
" brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DONAHUE— In this city September . 18. 1904,
Lottie Winnif red, dearly beloved and young-
est daughter of James and Catherine Dona-'
hue. and devoted sister of John. James and
Catherine Donahue. Mrs. W. Swett, Mrs. H.
O'Day and Mrs. M. Christian, a native of
San Francisco.
tt-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a, m., from the residence
of her parents - 23 Alvarado street, near
Guerrero, . thence - to ¦ St. James Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ELY — In thU city. September 18, 1004.' of
typhoid pneumonia. Ralph A., beloved hus-
band of Irene B. Ely, and brother of Frank
. A;, Ely. a native of Ohio, aged 43 years.
(Chicago. 111., papers, please copy.) ¦
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. from the asylum of
California- Commandery No. 1, K. T.. Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets. - Interment private.
HAIGHT— In this city. September IS. 1004,
Fred B., beloved husband of Alice Haslett
Halght, and son of the late Henry and Mrs.
W. A. Halght. aged 43 years, and 5 months.
tt_TInterment' private.
HORN-pIn this city. September 18. 190*.
Margaret, widow of the late John Horn, and
beloved mother . of Walter, Joseph and tho
late Frank Horn, and beloved sister of Mrs.
Ann McMcnomey. ¦ Mrs. Mary Fields, Mrs.
Kllen Mannlon . and the late Mrs. Katie
Egan. a native of County Limerick. Ireland,
aged 50 years. (Durand, Wis., papers please
copy.) ¦ • .. . .. . •-. -
. IC^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LINEHAN— In this city. September"l8ri»04l
Cecilia Linehan. dearly beloved j wife 'of J.
J. Linehan, and mother of Mary Unehan,
.and sister of James. ' Patrick and Margarlte
Devlne. and cousin of Mrs. ' William Leach
and Mrs. M. Bogue, a native of County
Iloscommon, Ireland, aged 29 years S months
and 8 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral Tuesday,
September 20. at 9:15 a. m.," from her late
residence.- -2797 Bryant street, between
Twenty- fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to
.'St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and j Twenty-fifth,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 a, m. sharp. Interment,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMILLAN— In this city. September 18. 1904,
William, infant son of Paul and Josie Mc-
Millan. . . *
McSHANE— In this city, September 18 1904,
Nellie T. McShane. beloved wife of the late
Daniel L. McShane. and mother of Edward,
Daisy and Ruth McShane. and daughter of
the latft Captain Kerrnish. a native of San
Francisco, aged 42 years. 8 months- and 12
days.
• (CTTho funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 a. xn.. at the
parlors of Carew & English, 29 .Van Ness
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
MONTGOMERY— In this city September 16.
1904. Edward L.. beloved father of Charles
E. Montgomery, a native of Cushing. Me.,
. aged 75 years 5 months and 20 days. (Ama-
dor and .Calaveras County papers please
copy.) •
CyFrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a, m.. from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
MURDOCK— In this city. September 16, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of C. A. Murdock.
and loving mother of Leo. Frank and George
Murdock, a native of County Sllgo Ireland,
aged 58 years. • . j
ETFriendij and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeralthls day
(Monday), at 11:15 a., m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrcarty & Green 1171 Mis-
sion street^ between Seventh and Eighth,
-thence to St. Joseph's Church . for services at
> 51:45 a. m. Interment St; Mary's Cemetery,
-Oakland, by tho 1 p.' m. creek boat. ¦,
NISSEN — In Alameda. September . • 16; 1904,
•-Dctlcv Nissen, beloved husband ot Dora SI.
C. Nissen. father of G. A. and E. F. Nla-
sen. and brother ot Mrs. Adele Thompson,
a native of- Schleswig. Holstein. Germany,
aged 62 years and." months..
tyinterment Mountain View Cemetery. -
O'SHEA— In this city September 17, 1904
Daniel, beloved husband of Marcella CShea,
balovcd'son of the late Cornelius and Mary
O'Shca, brother of Cornelius O'Shea and
brother- lr* law of Mrs. William Pike and
Mrs. Loyd Flandburg. a native of Brooklyn
• NY., aged 40 years. (Seattle. Arlington and
Massachusetts papers please copy.)
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to. attend, the funeral Tuesday,
September 20. at 8:20 -a. m.- from his late
residence, 3_2S Folsom street, thence to St
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ; .... . .
PAYNE— In this city, ' September 16 1904.
Katie,- dearly beloved daughter of Charted
and Martha Payne, and sister of Robert J
and Charles Payne Jr. and Mrs. C. Wyatti
'a native of San Francisco, aged 15 yeara
and 16 days. , . '. ¦
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
September 19. 1904. at 2' p. m.. from the
residence of her parents. 229 Bartlett street
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth'
• Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Thirtieth , etreet and San
Jose avenue. . • ;¦¦ '¦¦..-..¦; ¦'.¦—..- "
PETRY— In Alameda. 'September 16, .1904,
John Bernard Petry, beloved - husband of the
late Mrs. Susan, Petry, - and father •¦ of John
P.. George and Lizzie Petry - and ' Mrs A.
E. Coffey, a • native - of r Germany •; aged C2
years 1 month and 16 days. .
1 . tt_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-"
. fully ' invited to (attend tho funeral services
• Monday. September 19 at 1:30 p. m., at hla
late residence, , 621 Central 1 avenue Alameda.
Interment Mountain -View Cemetery.
ROCHE— September 17. 1904.' at her residence,
- 818. Folsom street. .Mary.- dearly beloved
daughter .of. Catherine and the. late Denis
D. . Roche, and sister of Denis and Michael
Roche and Mrs. R. ; Cotter. •• a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 vears.8 months and 23
r days. -.. ¦. ;. . ,', ¦ . -. _¦:¦, -_:¦..¦ .?.
B-TNotlce of funeral hereafter. - -u- -
ROWE-^Iri:Bolinas.' September 17,: 1904, Ethel
• Isabel. 1 ", beloved -wife | of Norman- Rowe, and
. daughter . of , Thlrza and .< the late Alexander
.'Smith. . . . :".'. ;¦;. ¦ " ' .' ' ; . :•¦ ,,-,<-,,,
. CFuneral' services "will be , held to-day
. (Monday), at v the * family residence 2232
/.^Broadway. ¦ at 1 ¦ p.' m. . Interment ¦ private.
.:; Kindly; omit flowers. -¦ , >. .¦••.,-/
SHIELDS-^In S Oakland, September ;< 18. 1 1804,
James McGinn, " ' Henry • Hansen. ' ¦ • - 1
- JAMES ? MCGINN • & ,¦ CO., ¦'> I
. Formerly AWltn. McGinn Bros. I
Fnneral Directors * and ? Embalmers— — - 1
214 Eddy st. ; Tel South 676. V | -
sinking ' fund provided for '• In this act, and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. All
bonds Issued shall be signed by the governor.
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
shall have the seal of the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that It is subject to redemption by lot after
the year 1D14. •
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, s so that such coupons
may. be removed without injury to or mutlla-
tiou of the bond. Said coupons shall be con-
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the 6tate treasurer. But no interest on any
of said bonds shall be paid for any time which
may intervene between the date of any jf
Eald bonds and the Issue and sale thereof to
a purchaser. . ¦ ,
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars Is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be Incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose. -
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they ehall be by the state treasurer sold . at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such, parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re-
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
the board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer - must reject any and all bids
for said bonds, or for any of them, which
shall - be below the par value of , said bonds
so ottered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and \ time fixed' for the
sale, continue such sale, as to the whole, of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered,
to such time and place as he may select.
Due notice of . the time and place of sale
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication in two newspapers pub-
lished in the city and county of Ban Fran-
cisco, and also by publication In one news-
paper published in the city of Oakland, - and
by publication In one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published In the . city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of suob pub-
lication shall be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer Into the
treasury, and muet be by him kept In a sep-
arate fund, to be known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be used exclusively for the construction of
seawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
water front of the city and county of San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manner as
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec. 5. For the payment of the principal
and Interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated as the "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the same
is hereby created, as follows: The state treas-
urer shall, on the first day of each 'and every
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
the San Francisco harbor improvement fund
such sum as, multiplied by the time the bonds
then sold and outstanding have to run, will
equal the principal cf the bonds sold and out-
standing at tha time said treasurer shall so take
said sum from said San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom for said purpose; and he shall
place the sum in the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund created by this act. Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys In
said sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of
the United Stales, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities ot
the State of California, which said bonds shall
be kept in a proper receptacle, appropri-
ately labeled: but he muet keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of . money in said
sinking fund with which to "pay the inter-
est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay Into said seawall
sinking fund, an amount equal to the monthly
interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
livered and outstanding. The board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and abavej the amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
etx of the Political Code ot the State of
California. Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until the maturity of said bonds, the
tald treasurer shall, in the presence of the
governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of bonds as shall be requisite to
exhaust as nearly as may be the amount in
said sinking fund at that time, and ehall
thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
cember following give notice by public ad-
vertisement to be inserted twice a week for
two weeks in two newspapers published in
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
in one newspaper published in the city of Oak-
land, and also in one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and also in one
newspaper published - in the city of Sacra-
mento, stating the number of bonds ao drawn
und that the principal of said bonds will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second day of January, following
anJ that from and after such last named
date a!! Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
are surrendered to him I and paid to cancel
the same and the interest coupons thereon,
and each year beginning with the year 1914
the s_id treasurer shall. In the manner afore-
said, proceed to draw by lot such an amount
of bonds af shall be requisite to exhaust as
nearly ae rr.ay be the amount in said sinking
fund, and proceed in th« manner hereinabova
Btatea. Aft^sr the payment of all of said bonds i
the surplus or balance remaining in said sink- |
ing fund, it any there be. shall forthwith ba '
paid into the San Francisco harbor improve-
ment fund. At the time of the respective draw-
Ings by lot as atoreeald, and also at the ma-
turity of said state bonds, caid trpasurer shall \
cell the United States or other bonds then In i
said sinking fund, at governing market rates
after, advertising the sale thereof. In the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
"hereby authorized to be issued, and shall use
the proceeds for the payment of such bonds as
may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity of
said bonds outstanding shall pay and redeem
said matured outstanding bonds out of'- Bald
moneys in said fund in extinguishment of said
bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
Sec. C. The state controller and the' state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under thU
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
an abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter
provided for in this act shall at all times be
open to the Inspection of any party interested,
or the governor, or the attorney . general, or
a committee of either branch of the legislature,
or -a joint committee of both, or any citizen
of the state. ¦'¦*
Sec 7. It ehall be the duty of the state
treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds,
when the same falls due, out of the sinking fund
providt-d for in this act, on controller's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This ect, if adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all its provisions except those relating to arid
necessary for its submission tov the people,
and for canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to said excepted pro-
visions this act shall take effect immediately.
Sec. 0. This act shall be submitted to the
people of the State of California for their
ratification at the -next general election, to be
holden in the month ot November, A. D.
nineteen hundred nnd four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act." and In a sep-
arate lint under the' same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act," and opposite
said lines there shall be left spaces in which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and thoee voting for ' said act shall
do so by placing a cross' opposite the words
"For the Ban Francisco Seawall Act." and all
those voting against the said act shall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." . The gov-
ernor of this state nhall Include the- submis-
sion of this act to the people, us aforesaid, in
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion. -
Sec. 10. The vcte. cast for or against thl*
act shall be counted, returned and canvassed
and declared in the same manner and subject
to the same rules as votes cast for state
officers: and If it Rppear that said act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against it at such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shsll have - effect as I herein-
before provided, and shall be lrrepealable
until the principal and irTterest of the liabil-
ities herein created , shall be paid and : dis-
charged, and the governor - shall make procla-
mation thereof; but If a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this aet, "'" then
the. same shall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act." ¦
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts In
conflict with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed. ; - - . -..-¦-.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours l?to 5 p.m.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage i and > death notices sent ¦ by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed ¦
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and : residence ¦ of per-
sons authorized ' to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to .the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. ' • - :'':¦ .-'¦• m jj'- ¦••;
-BORA'.
BLANCKENBURO— In [: thisV city.. September
18,- 1304, to the wife of Emil Blanckenburgy
. . a son./.-; \- ¦..":.- . ... ... ..,,.: '/ "" ¦ . : ¦.
McMILLAN— In : this city. - September 13 1904,
to the wife of P. F. McMillan, a son.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday afternoon. September 20, at 2
o'clock, at the -Welsh Presbyterian Church,
on Harrison street, near Fourteenth, Oak-
land. Interment at Mountain View Cem-
etery/ ¦
Mildred Frances Shields, beloved daughter of
Julius Harry and Jennie Shields, and grand-
daughter of Samuel A. Shields, a native of
Ogden. Utah, aged 0 years.
STOLLBERG— In Oakland at the German
Altenheim. September 18* 1004. Mrs. Marie
. Dorothea Stollberg. beloved mother of Mra.
Phillip Conradi and Mrs. George Conradi of
Des Moines, Iowa a native of Prussia. Ger-
many, aged 80 years 6 months and 25 days.
__7-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow ¦ (Tuesday) at 2 p. - m., at the
residence • of Phillip " Conradi 224 Fourth
-treet. Oakland.- Interment private. Kindly
omit flowers. ¦
TAYLOR— In this city September 18. 1904,
Emily B.. beloved wife of Henry Taylor, and
sister of . James Edward Fay, a native of
San Francisco, ased 38 years. (Portland,
Ore., papers please copy.)
B-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 20. at 8:30 a. m.. from the
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 26G6 MU-
sion | street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third.-, thence- to, St. Paul's Church,
corner of Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery. • . ; ¦ . • :¦¦ .
WILLIAMS— In Oakland September 17 1904,
Rev. Aaron Williams, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Williams, a native of Hollywell.
rsorth Wales, aged 84 yeara 6 months and
20 days.Lightning, yvhen it strikes a tree,
sometimes converts i .the', sap into; steam
.Vith { " such that '; it .explodes;
scattering. the wood: in every direction.
Portland Lands on Him Opportunely
and Runs Result.,
PITCHER KEEFE IS HARD HIT.
PORTLAND. Sept.' 18.— Roach* held
the visitors down for six 4 : inn!ng3 • to
day before they were able to score.
He was hit frequently, but Ineffective-:'
!>-.•, Portland, on ; the 1 'other,:' hand; :
batted Keefe almost as hard and their
BASEBALL PLAYEJft HURT. — Oakland.
Sept. - IS. — Frank Cullen, aged 18, living- with
his parents at Kizth and Jacscson streets, was
seriously liuri In a baseball trame at Newark
to-day; and his Injury *njay. result In partial
paralysU. Cullen went to Newark with an ama
teur team from . this city and : In sliding to
.third * base • was - badly hurt -- about the head
and .' ahoul Jers. the sptnaj cord being injured.
H i . was : brought to Oakland and taken to* Um
Receiving . HcspltaLM— BBBsflMasi
Nevada has & mile of railroad for
each five' citizens,' but only ' elghty
seven-hundredths of a mile for each "JOO
miles or area." ' - ----¦»--¦
trery 107. Lc-iatle 307. GaUa water 107, Jennie
HtfRb** X<^- r»r. Itaiw 1C7, Lacache 1O7, Vul
<at» 1C5, Little Ccrker 1(2. Iverala 1C2. -Bird
rairtJ <96.- Major Carj^nter ltd. Kins Fox II iMJ.
Fourtu ra.ee, oae tr::ie and 70 yards handl
ca;>—The lu^ert 110. Taby Tosa 107. Never
«j'-h P7. AnncDavj* 00.
Fiftl> race en* and a Flxteenth miles. sell
ing—Flora Wlllcnchby V&. Mjtlr.cprlng 103,
;>.:-.s*r.i! 102. Pour<jaol Pas UX). Mildred L »0
Sixth rat*, six furionirs. selling— Evening
Ftar"10S, - Betwor.h-jm 1W. Laseo 104, Dusky
lt(i .Jerry Hunt 10". Lnstlg 07, Atlas 1K5.
DEI3L\R SELECTIONS.
I^rsr racc^ — Pannettc. Tom Rowe,
I tokati-aj--
Second race — 5UJam entry, Borak,
Korea. ! .
Third ractw- Jennie Hughes, Vnl
c* In,' Bird Pond.
Pourtlt race — Anne Davis, The
Urgent, Taby Tosa.
. iifth race— Pourquol Pas, BUssfuL
Mainspring.
Sixth race — Lasso, Atlas, Evening
Star.
Condition of tlic track— Fast.
CHICA&O.-Sept. IS.— A base an balls, a sac
rlflc*. Davis*." Etngrlft and Lowe's error ¦ scored
Green In : the first ' inningr . of -tc-dsy' s game.
After tbat .time both Pattemm and KJlllan
•were Blven . perfect support. Attendance. 6S0O.
Score : - *
-,:. - : ' - . . . ., R..-H. ' E.
Chicago •••• :.- 1 3 0
Detroit,:..... •' ...... O 7 1
Batteries— Paitjsrscn and Sullivan; Kllllaa
and Drill.
ST. LOT;i!i,-Mo..,Sept. IS.— The Pt. jLouis-
PitUburg , National " League and, St.- TLouis-
Cleveland American ; League games , were post
poned to-day on account of . rain. .
AMERICAN LEAGUE,
CHICAGO. S»pt. 18.— In «.ne-of the greatest
frames of the aea«on Chicajro defeated Cincin
nati 2 ¦ to "¦ 1 In isvcnteen innings. A -single,
pasard ball anl a hit pave the- local? one li:
the first. A ping-le rnd-a triple tied the score
In the s!sth. Attendance, 12.600. ."core: •
R. II. E.
Chicago .... ....: 2 14 1
Cincinnati ......:.......; ...1 10 , 4
Batterifs*— Brisks and . Kling; WalUer and
Street. ; Umpire — Zlmmer.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
LOmSVILLE. Ky., Sept. 18. — The
attempt of Louis P. Doonhoefer. a
wealthy resident of Louisville, to
break the world's twenty-four-hour
automobile record of 861 miles was
frustrated by an ; accident which
wrecked the machine and resulted In
the injury of his assistant, Frank Katz,
an expert automoblllst. Blinded by
dust, Katz steered wide at one of the
turns of the Douglas Park • trotting
track and. went through two fences .at
3:50 o'clock this morning. Katz will
probably recover. . • , . .
At the time of the _' accident Mr.
Doonhoefer had gone 350 miles in ten
hours fifty minutes.
minded by Dust, tlic Driver Steers
Wide at a Tarn, Going .Through
SIB Two Fences.
LONG-DISTANCE AUTO TRIAL.
ENDS IN DISASTER
'STANDING OF. THE CLUBS.
(National Lfajrue.) j (American L»asrue.)
W.L. Pet.! W.L. Pet.
New York...!» 33 .739' New York... 80 50 .C1C
Chicago Si* r>2 .K0« Boston 81 52 SOU
PittKburg ...77 52 .537 Philadelphia .72 &4 ..".71
Cincinnati . .7.t 5:» .55.5 Chicago 78 5S .587
Ft Louis. . . .65 K7 '.4fl.» Cleveland . . .U9 60 .534
Brooklyn » . . .49 S3 .»«« St. Louis. ... EG 73 .434
Boston ......46 K7..:«4fi Detroit ......f.6 76 .424
Philadelphia .41 03 .3M Wpsliinston. ,32 08.244
Reds Make. Brave Fight in One' of the
Greatest Games in the History
of Windy City.
SEVENTEEN LONG INNINGS
AND VICTORY FOR CHICAGO
The Bohemian sugar manufacturers
are complaining bitterly of the con
tinued fall In the price of sugar, which
will make a reduction of the produc
tion of beet root necessary.
Errors — Cravath, Toman, Devereaux, Kruger,"
Streib. Stolen bases— Chase (2), Eagar. Dev
ereaux. Three-bEsc : hits — Ganley/. Francks.
Kiwer <2). • Two-base hits— Eaear. Chase.
Sacrifice hits — Toman. Smith, Schlafley. First
base on errors— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 1.
First base- on called bails— OS Gray, 2; off
Graham. 3. Left on bases— Los Angeles i).
Oakland 7. Struck out— By Gray. 5; by Gra
ham, 4. Hit by pitcher— Smith, Streib. Double
plays— Flood to Chase; Flood-, to -Toman' to
Chasp. Wild pitches — Graham. 2. Time or
erame — Two hours and live minutes. . Umpire —
McDonald. .
Los Angeles 0 2 00 1 110 0—5
Base hit*..... . 0 3 0 2 1 111 0 — U
Oakland 10100 3 000—5
Base hits...... 2 1 1 1.0.3 0 2 2—12
SUMMARY. . .
Totals. 34 5 0 27 14J TcUls.36 '6 12 2T IS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
When the time limit had expired at
Oakland 4n the morning each team
was credited with five runs, so a truce
haji to be declared. Both teams
played rather ragged ball, Oakland
especially. Schlafley had a chance to
do something in the last spasm when
the bases were filled and two 'gone.
But all he had was a nice grounder
to Flood. The score:
-
Los Anselce — . Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd, cf 4 0 0 2 0 Frocks, a 5 1 2. 6 2
Flood. 2b 4 2 O 3 «iGanly. rf 5 . 2 2 2 .0
Smith. 3b 3 0 0 1 2iDnIvy If 4 0 12 0
Crvath.rf S 0 1 3. d ShJfly, 2b 4 12 0 2
Chase, lb 5 1 3 11 OjKruKr. cf 4 .1 .'{ 1 1
Toman, s2 1 0 1 3'Strclb Ib2 0 Oil 0
Ross, If. 4 O 1 1 O'Devrx. 3b 4 0 0 0 2
Eagar, c. 3 13 5 1 1 Byrnes, c 4 '¦ 0 15 1
Gray, p.. 4 0 1 0 2 Grdhm, p 4 0 1 0 7
Morninff Game n Tie.
SEATTLE, SepL 18.A— The Slwashes
went down like ten, pins before the
clever pitching of Whalen and the
good fielding of San Francisco. Every
time a hit; was needed by San Fran
cisco It was forthcoming; every time
! a hit was • needed by. Seattle . nothing
but : a pop fly was to be had. The
game was well played, being faster
than usual . and clean-cut Jimmy
Whalen was hit a few more times .than
Williams, but ; there was nothing of a
follow-up nature. The fans are much
put' out because Wilson insists on
keeping' Delehanty at third. Score: !
Seattle— ¦'-:". ' 'I Eah Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
V HUn.cf 4 1-21 0 V Brn.lb 4 1 0 10 1
Jfrjhlr. 2b 4 0 : 2 3 ltHldbd,lf4 1110'
Dihty, 3b 4 0 0 2 O.Wldrn. cf 4 0 14 1
Frisk. If. 3 0 1 2 liMeany.rf 4 1 0 10
Blkshp, c 3 : 0 1 « ! 2 Irwin, Ibi 0' 13 0
Smith, rf4 0 0 4.0Adrsn.2b 3 1112
Hall. S..4 0 0 0 "1 Gchnr. s. 3 0 0 2 13
Mrphy.lb 4 1 2 & • OjLoahy. c. 3 0 1 40
WUlms, p 4 0 0 1 5 Whahn.p 3 0 0 1 1
Totals. 34 2. S.27 ll{ ToUls.32 4 5 27 S
RUXS AND HITS BY IX^riNQS.
Seattle .'. . . . . ... 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 - 0— 2
Base hits.. 10, Oil 1136— 8
Sao Francisco. .,0-00 2 0 0 0 11—4
Base hits...... 0 0 i;,2_0 0 .0 1 1—5
. SUMMARY. .
Errors— Mobler (2); Delehanty.' Smith, Goch
rtauer, ¦ Whalen."- Earned : run — Seattla. ¦ Two-
I base hit — Anderson. Three- base hit — Hllfle-
I brand. ¦ Sacrltlce hit —B lanken»hip. Stolen
basea— WaitJtnn. Meany.' .Base - on , balls— Oft
Whalen, 1. Struck out — By .Williams.. 6; by
Whalen. 4. Wild pitch— Williams. Left on
bases— Seattle. 7. San Francisco 1. .Tln»« : of
game— One boar and thtrty-flve minutes. Um
plre—McCarthy. ; v -'"_• --I- : . "' '•
The Italian {legation 'i at ; Peking . has
been /provided 5 with a .wireless ; teleg
raphy . station j which' enables direct
communicatioh - to. b«- maintained be
tween the legation 1 and vessels of the
Italian fleet in - Chioese waters. ./
Jimmy Whalen Holds .Them Safe With
Men on Bases.
SIWASHES SIIY ON HITS.
A special forty-elght-dog stake will
be run to-day at Union Coursing Park.
A coursing train will leave Third anrj
Townsend streets at 12 o"clock. Th*
draw at 'the park yesterday resulted
as follows:
Flaunt vs. Texas Jim; Cralc Lad tsl Golden
Fortune: Yellowtall vs. Rush Away: Rural
Artist v»r Little Painty; Runaway Actress vs.
Aereodh: John Heenan vs. Apple BToasonr;
Liberator v*. Remi*so Anirao; Fiddler vs.
Amelia; R W vs. Golden Light: Peter Mcln
tyr* v*. Texas E<*tty; Ml Amiffo v». Ansus
Cissus; Fearless Lad vs. Texas Hoo-Hoo:
Pagllsecl vs. Hermit; Sofala vs. laa. Clesus:
Evea G vs. Ready Address: Sk7 Van v*v Trev
athan; Silver Cloud vs. W*i Norah: Ansan
dan vs. Blaze; Frisco Lad vs. Rusty Anchor:
Colette vs. Melllnwcod; ConSdent vs. Honest
John; Miss Domestic vs. Tom Ltpton: Royal
Sp'rtt vs. Texast Black Llp«; Secrettvs v».
Icellus.
To-Day at Union Coursinjj
Forty-Eight Greyhounds to Compete
WILL RUN SPECIAL- STAKE.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. IS.— Ab the closed
season for airship flights in the grand
prize matches at the World's Fair ap
proaches, the question of extending
the time and otherwise modifying the
rules governing the contest is being
considered by the aeronautic commit
tee. The time limit set by the rules
before which the contestants for the
grand prize must ha\ - e made their trial
flights is the 30th inst. As this Is only
eleven days away and none of the
contestants as yet hss made a suc
cessful flight and no definite dates have
been set for future titaJ flights, the
question of extending the time for the
contests rather than have them go by,
default Is receiving the serious consid
eration of the exposition authorities.
At present there are only three aer
onauts in the city who have entered
the match for the grand prize. They
are T. C. Renbow of Montana. Captain
Baldwin of^San Francisco and Francis
Conteur, a French aeronaut, who ar
rived in St. Louis Saturday. Of* the
three Benbow is the only one who has
m?de a trial flight. At the time he es
sayed to fly, his airship was not free
of the ground, being held captive by
a rope from the ground and he of
course did not qualify. Captain Bald
win Is the only one of the three who
Is known positively to have qualified
for an entry in the contest for' the
grand prize.
St. Louis Who lias Fulfilled
v Regulations.
Captain Haldwin Is the Only One at
CALIFORNIA AERONAUT
QUALIFIES FOR GRAND PRIZE
Total* S3
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 4.
two for 23, three for 41. four for 49,, five for
€5, six for 75,- revea for 7S, eight for S2, nine
for 86. ten for 8S.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — ' - Balls. Maidens. Runs. Wick.
A. C. Davies 54 1 18 1
H. Roberts 4S 2 1« 0'
E.^J.. Stratton .... 54 2 16 4 ¦ -
H. Dixon ...IS. 0 14 1
E. M. Petersen.... 30 1 13 3
- - Davies bowled two wide balls and Dixon one
wide ball., ,.
Byes 8. w Idea 3
Tetal for two wickets ......207
PR John K. J. Stratton, Henry Roberts,
A "C. 'Chadwlck. T. J. A. Tiedenjann, H.
Dixon and A. C. Davies did not bat. _
Runs at the fall Of each wicket — One for jo,
two for 2C7.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
' Bowler Balls. Maidens. Runs. Wick.
Dr. Taylor ... »* 3 « ¦ ©
D. Jamleson 42 1 29 0
H. D.. Bowly ...... CO 2 26 1
E. H. M. Lannowe- 54 1 3'2 0
E. H. Wilke* .... M 2 23 0
H. C. Casidy 54 1 }» 1
W. Petherlck 24 - 0 IS 0
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
EH IS. Lannowa, b. Davle*.. 0
E* H. Wllke*. runout 10
E T Lanrdale. c. Richardson, b. Dixon IS
A >V Wilding, c. iioberts, b.* Stratton 1
H*. D. Bowly. hit wicket, b. Stratton. 19
H. C. * Caaldy, b. Stratton. — ..... S
"V - Logan. b.»Peteraen 7
W. Petherick. b. Petersen 2
D. Jamleson. c. Stewart, b. Petersen. ..... 0
J. Myers, not out .....6
O. N." Taylor, b. Stratton 2
team met the Pacific eleven for the
last time during the present season on
the grounds at Webster street, Ala
metia, yesterday and beat them by 119
runs, with eight wickets to spare.
The San Francisco team went to the
bat first with Petersen and Stewart.
The latter (13) lost his wicket when
55 runs had been scored and Richard
sen joined Petersen. Petersen was in
excellent form, scoring 109 runs before
he- was caught by Wilkes. off Bowly.
Richardson had made 71, not out, and
called the innings for 207 runs. Seven
Pacific bowlers were tried, but only
two, Casidy and Bowly, took a wicket.
Against the formidable total the Pa
cific eleven scored only 88 runs/ the
principal contributors being: Lang
dale 18. Bowly 19 and Wilkes
10. Stratton took 4 wickets for 16
runs, Davies 1 for 18, Petersen 3 for
13 and Dixon 1 for 14. The full de
tails follow:
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY CLUB.' V • i r .
E M. Petergen. c. WUke«. b. Bowly 100
W. R. Stewart, c. Logan, b. Casidy...... 13
H. B. Richardson, not out <l
Byes 12, leg byes 2 •' ?'"
Beats Pacifies by More Than One
Hundred Runs for Loss of
Two Wickets.
The San Francisco County cricket
SAX FRANCISCO COUNTY
ELEVEN IS VICTORIOUS
hits in every instance but one showed
in the score. The fielding of., both
tc-ams was of the best. The feature j
was the long run after a fly by Port- !
land's center fielder, Drennan. At
tendance, 3000. Score: yr.v;
Portland— ¦ "- j Tacoma —
ab. r; h. p. a. ab. r. h. p. a. j
T>renen.cf 3 • 1 2 2 ODoyle.rf. 5 1 2 0 0 1
Thlmn.2b 2 »O 0 2 ; 't Shehn,3b 5 1 3 0 S :
Kpencr,2b 2 2 2 3 0 Nordy.lb 8.1 2 7 0 1
Hurley. lb 5 114 0 Eagan.as 4 0 13 6
Kadeau.tf 4 8 13 0 Lynch.cf. 4 0 0 2 0
Bcck.3b.. 4 114 2 Casey, 2b. 5 0 2 7 0
CTyne«,rf 4 0 110 McLgn.lf 4 0 2 10
Weed.os. 3 0 0 2 :t Grahm.c 4 1 0 4 1
Stelmn.c 3 0 16 OKeef«.p.. 4 110 3
Itoach.p. 4 0 10 3;
— Totals 40 5 13 24 12
Total* 34 S 10 27 10; ' t
RUXS AND^HITSBY INN'INGS.
PortUnd 2 0 301 0 2 0 x— 8
Baee hits 3 0 2. 1 2 0 1 1 0—10
Tacoraa ........ 000 0 0030 2— 5
Base hits 1 1*1} 1-1 0 4 1. 3—13
SUMMARY. .
Errors — Roach, Eapan. ,Keefe (2). Sacrtflc*
hit — Thielman. Earned runs — Portland 1 3. Ta
coina '3. Stolen base*— Nadeau 2, - McLaugh
lln, Clynes. Basoa- on balls — Oft Koach 3, off
Keefp 4. Struck out-r-By Roach 5. by Keefe 4.
Two-base hits — Nadeau, . Urennen. Left on
bases— Portland 7. Tacoma 13. Hit by pitched
ball — By Keefe. First t»ne on errors — Port
land I. Tacoma 1. Time ef same — Two hours
and flv<s minutes. Umpires-Brown.
ST, LOflS, Sept. IS. — The . entries
for to-morron's races at Delmar fol
low:-
First rac*. Fix furinns*. csaiden* — Mis*
Creek 1CS, Tora llowe KO. Madoc 1C5. Look
ivtV KB. Kanr.tue 105. Henler 105. Sweet
JCcte IC5. Crla It3, Tamette 105. Huguenetta
105. ToUenhera 1C5. MaW of the Order 105.
Secon-1 rao*. fl\-e furk.ns», maidens — Borak
ltt*. KaU« OrewK ll*. Mbbel £itnnia 105.
O-tta Etonc ll->. C.ara L>*e US, Ethel's Pride
ltV.Tr{etr;>htrt^» 10s, Lucky Pick 10S. Ban
nock IJeUe It*. Korea 104. Sorya 100. Passive
lciC,- FlTinr Ftr* \Cxy <Clara De« asd Ethel'*
PriSe." Mdaxr. «ntry.)
Tblrd race. «ve turlna^s. eelltnc— Lady Coa-
Four of the teams entered played
from the same mark — "owe fifteen."
Tracy Crawford and Will Allen, who
won the cups in the first tournament,
were beaten by Long and Janes in
the first round. Allen played good
tennis, but Crawford was somewhat
out of practice and did not give his
partner good support.. .
Carl Gardner and B. Nourse. play
ing from scratch, got as far as the
semi-finals. Here they won the 'first
set from Long and Janes, but lost the
next two.
In the other semi-final match Al
Kenyon and Melville Long beat Mac-
Gavin and Kuehn 6-0 the first- set,
and with. the odds allowed them,
looked like sure vtfnners. MacGavin
and Kuehn took the second set by a
small margin, the score being 9-7. The
last set they won easily-, 6-3.
The first set of the final match was
exceedingly, close and It seemed Mac-
Gavin and Kuehn might win without
a handicap. After this set it dawned
on Long and Janes that better results
would be obtained by playing every
thing to Kuehn. The latter did his
best; but was a trifle overworked.
Long and Janes are now tied with
Schmidt and Rolfe In the race for the
cups. Each team has won them twice
and another victory will give the
trophies to them permanently. The
scores follow:
Preliminary round — Will Allen and Tracy
Crawford 'owe 15) beat Spencer Grant and
William Johnson (15 3-6). 6-4. 6-4.
First round^ — Carl Gardner and B. Nourae
(scratch) beat W. E. Knowlton and Dr. Noble
(.10). 7-5. B -3: Herbert Long and George Janes
(owe 15) bca! Allen and Crawford (owe 15),
(J-3, 5-7, 6-4; Drummond MacGavin and Charles
Kufchn (owe 15) beat Harry Rolfe and Herbert
fcchmldt- (cfi-e 15). 1-0, 0-2. 7-0; Al Kenyon and
Melville Long (15) beat E. P. Rcbblna and W.
O' Hara (.If). 8-3. <!-3. /
Scmi-flnals — Long and Janes (owe 15) beat
Gardner and Nour*e | (scratch). 4-6. 0-:t. G-3;
MecGjwin and Kuehn (owe 15) beat' Kenyon
and Loruc (15). 0-6. 9-7. 6-3.
Finals — I-ong ami Jane* (owe 13) beat Mac-
Gavin and Kuehn (owe 15), 8-6, 6-4, 6-3. .
A handicap doubles tennis tourna
ment • for the Directors' cups was
played yesterday on the California
Club courts. Nine teams competed and
some interesting matches resulted.
George Janes and 'Herbert Long
again won the cups, making two
straight victories for them. In the
finals they met Drummond MacGavin
and Charles Keuhn on even terms.
Although beaten in straight sets, the
losers always had ar chance j to "win.
By keeping the ball out of Mac-
Gavin's reach \ and . : playing almost
everything to Kuehn, Long and Janes
were enabled to win;-
Defeat 3IacGavln and Knehn in
. Doubles on the Cnlifornia
Clnb Courts.
Interesting Match Is Decided by Tele
graph—La Garde Proves the "
Star flayer.
In the telegraphic bowlingr match
between the Pacific Coast All-Star
bowling team on the California alleys
and the Seattle bowling. team- at Seat
tle on Saturday, the AllrStars won the
ten-game mach for the championship
by -350 pins. In the last five games
the All-Stars won by 361 pins. La
Garde of the All-Stars rolled 1140
pins, or an average of. 228. .This was
the highest of the ten men. La Garde
also made high score of 245. He left
last night for St. Louis to compete for
the 'world's -individual bowling cham
pionship. The jnatc"Tr*score: . ':' i . '
PACIFIC COAST ALL-STARS.
Taggert . 202 223 172 157 171— £23
Carroll ...219 100 204 105 181— 980
Crawford 200 1C8 145 — 5i;J
Kr.owlton ... ... ... 1M 181— 374
McGrath I.....^.206 218 215 ¦ 2C1 169—1039
La Garde 215 223 245. 221 23C— U40
1042 1022 981 967 ©68" 4380
I SEATTLE CHAMPS.
Mahukia 177 • 151 154 193 190— 665
Davis 179 171 177 196 169— 882
Relmer 178 1SS 210 214 ISO— 970
Scherrer 197 1S1 200 212 171— 9til
Jenkins 173 204 15* 104 2J2— 'Ml
904 835 899 979 942 4619
JANES AND LONG SUCCEED
. IX TENNIS TOURNAMENT
CALIFORNIA BOWXERS BEAT
3IEN OF THE SEATLE TEA3I
First race sbout 6 furlcnr?, haacicao. ail
««e*— Shct Gun 12». Alan-a-l>ale 127. Lady
Atailli i^5. Gay Boy 125. Lecni.ia* 115. Toscan
112 Von N'ess :o;. Duchess OlMe 10«, Council
tnaii ICO. Ia%-incit;« O.S. Diioior.i Us, Divination
P2. Teoer^ss 0^. Heart's Desire 1*0. Sir Brillar
tfO. Damon 30. Revaae BT.
Second race, the Hitchcock steeplechase,
handicap, about two and a half miles — Maxkey
I>wyer 134. Daffy Down Dilly 135. Nancy D
1"7. noye!!e 140. Delivery 14V. Ragged Caval
ier 14«, Mj=t!c ghrtoer 147. Zinribar 152.
ais.lde-i 154. Pntaater 1G5. iZ;nxibar and
B-ojeile. Ciiaiablett entr}".)
Third rac«. about fcix rurioaas. Junior Chajn-
Pijn. two-year-olds. Kot fchoi 110. Jonquil 110.
Cairngorm 110 Von Tiomp 110. Wi:d Mint 11..
Diamond 122. Sislight 127. SyFonby 127. (Hot
Ehc-t ano Siglight. Madden entry; Jonquil.
Xy.zr.toni, CelniKorm. P*g«t tntn" Sysonby,
Von Trcsr end v»T.<J Mint. Keene entry.)
Jourth race. First Special, three-year-olds
¦ rrt up. one ard a quarter ciile*. $5000 added —
BtJdame 11*. Stalwart 117. Pu'.eus 117. Broom
etick 117. C>rt Wells 117. Caughnawaga llti.
Ftrth racfc. five and a half turloags. selling,
two-vtar-olda — It-ycroft 110, Ivanhoe ins,
Hiidibrand V* Glsdlator 1C2. Indian Star 102.
Confessor 1^2. n. L. Johnsbn 10S, Thirty-third
101. Wild Irishman 101. Niblick 101. Eccen
trical 5*3, High IJfe OT. Kln« Cole 97, Dauseuse
»»> Bx»e Mary Kane 1(8.
Sixth nc one and a sixteenth miles, thrte
y*-a.r-vl6r — W'e^wift 114. Clover'.and 114. Sidney
*Z. Lcve icy Grey Friar 10t>. Pentaur 1C5. Cot
tape llsid 1C5. Motr.t Ktsco 1«. I>v>"' lf!4.
Brunswick l'.l, Andrew Mack 1W, Eagle 100,
Little Em '.>'. Jar.e Hclly yd. Hydran^sa. M.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
Vy the New York Morning TeJegraph.
i-lrsi race— Gay Boy, Teacress, Lady
Autelia.
Second race — Foxhunter, Chamblett
entry. The Ilassred Cavalier.
Tl>ird race — Keene t-ntry. Hot Shot,
V*C*n vntry.
IVnxrtli" rape — Deldame, Stal»*Tirt T
Ort WelK-
Fifth racei-NiWlnk, Thirty-Tlilrd,
Wild Irishman.
Sixth rat*e — Little Em. Jane Holly,
Efcgje. -~ '
Condition of tlic track — Past.
QA\rrtioxbrE entries.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15. — The entries
for to-morrow'e, races at Hawthorne
follow:
First race, six fur!cr^»— Trompeuse 93.
Magic FlaKc '.«r.. Apn«-«> Brtnnan 'j5. Fcimeia
t&0. The Hawaiian WO. CUcr» lfl. Plckaway
10L Ifce Forum 1CJ. Josfite 1W, UeaoUful and
lieet llf.1.
Second raw. steeplechase, rhcrt course, han
dicar'—Dominique You 125. Eva.nder 123. Chero
kee Lais lfflu Roy.il P;rat<- 125. Handvice 14S.
l>eelin !«;. Charaw-Ir.d 172.
Third race, five rortonsm. purte — La Eapette
1CJ. Torv^do H». The* No- Ice 1<J3, Kate ZUt
IIS, tire*-* Elliott 112, No Trumper 112. Mar
mtmt lii toporl Rupert 115.
Fou;th nice; m v. h tudoec*. Fall handicap—
Tush 07. Lady Ellircn '.I*. No Tnuuper liH.
Rej-ate 1C4. One Way VA. L-rrtta M 110.
« *lr*ri!*;rit»T 1<» Go!«i Erwniel 112. L« Londe
112. R*;s'8 llura US. Bowiins Bridge US,
}¦'.:-'.•::..¦¦ 120.
Fifth rac». one and a *iste«:tli mile*, pelllr.g
— Rj»bT.-nt« '.tv. LoaUville yji. Frivol 8^. Federal
100. H. L. Mow* 102. Osiat 10:'.. Gloriosa 1C3.
Har.dlej Vru** IC5, llotsmoad 100, Paramount
107. Curate III. ' ;- -
Sixth race, rix furtorrs. »*!!ing — Mlaicn 35,
Durbar 85. Ooiden Mictral H5. Silent Water 95.
Xorel 1<«. jiy AUce 100, JuUa M 100. Tam
O'Ehantcr 3»1. £an Rcmo i<a. The Fog 104.
Seventh race. flv<? furloags, purse — M<irt Gen
try JQ3. D:xie Andrews HTJ. Vuga 103. Bishop
Poole ltxj. Lieutenant Rice 10>;. Paciflco 106,
P.irts?naiOTh l«e. Dixtlle 1CS. Handy Bill 111.
Envoy 111. Garvtc* 111. S:ss Lee 112.
ha\\tiioi:ni-: sklkctions.
. , V.y the Cfcirsigo Inter Ocean.
First race— Agnes Brcnnan, The
lToruin. The Ha«-aiian.
Second face — Corrl^aa entry, Hand
\U*o, EvamlfT.
Tliinl race — N«> Trampcr, The
No \1cc, Cracc Oliotf.
F»>nitli nice— liurtznian, I^dy Elli
t*m..Ctgafli-}Hcr.
lirth ract — Gloriosa, Carat, Federal.
*lrth race— Ta^i O'Shantcr, Julia
M.Tbel^og. ;*., LJ-,
Se\cnt!i race — Ilandr BIU, Pacifico,
Condition of the track— Slow. . . .
DI.LMAU ENTRIES.
GRAVESKND ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The scene of
racing will shift to the Gravesend
track to-morrow, when a card fairly
bristling with clacs will be presented.
In addition to the Hitchcock steeple
chase, which will bring out the best of
the . timber toppers, there will be the
Junior Champion and the First Spe
cial. The Madden, Paget and Keene
stables have each two or more entries
in the Junior Champion and a great race
is expected. Sysonby is the best of the
Keene trio. He must carry 127 pounds.
In the First Special Beldame will
meet Stalv.art, Pulsus. Ort Wells,
Broomstick and Caughnawaga, making
one of the greatest fields of the year.
The entries:
Special Dic^ctch to Tfce Call.
Grutii Shooting Section, monthly bullseye
shoot — First. Jacob Iten: eecond,' A. C. Gehret:
third, TTheodcr* Simmc-n; fourth. Charles Muel
ler: fifth. August Ftudcx: sixth. A. von Wyl;
wventh, G. R Haufer; eighth, John Leuten
egfier.
Eintracht Shoctir.g Section, monthly medal
shoot: Champion clas*. C. \-on Hartwlg. CS1;
flm clans. W. Rufcser. 319; second class. F.
Eggeling. SS3; third class, F. Golzine* 313;
beet first shot. F. Efgeling, 24: best ia<!
shot. C. Waldan, 24; Adam Brehm trophy,
Louie SchmirZt. «
Pistol annex — G. M. Barley. £S. SS; L. J.
Reubold. KS: G. Tammeyer, S8. S2; Chris Meyer,
*>G. 77; W. y. Blasse. IS5. 6Z: M. F. Blasse.
K»; Max Kolander. R3; T. J. Carroll. 81; F. J.
Povey 60. 74 r John- Boiler. 74. 61; J. L.
ftschig. 74; H. Bamholdt, C9. C7; A. Hen
nings. CS, £7; John Waller. 53, 33.
San KrancSwo Turner Schnetien, monthly
medal shoot — K. J. Klatzel, 142; B. Jonas,
1£S: William Xolden. 100, 87; F. Messer-
Khir.lfit. 1CP. M: C. Abraham. 17S. lt>4; C.
g*geborn. ICO. 150: H. Enge. 200. 183: M; Xa
gtl. US, a: Josoph Straub. SCO. 178: R. Fink
lnp. 173. 171; A. Furth. 149. 148: D. David
eon. 170. 145. C. Xielsett, 153. 158; Adolph
Utschig 151, 131; Captain F. Kommer, 176.
149; F. Attinger. 19». 18-1; August Jungblut,
181; J. Mthr, 12<5. 121: Adam Brehm. 120. 115.
Califcrnia. Schuetzen Club monthly bullseye
»hoot— C. von Hartwig 370. R. Stettin 1231. A.
Studer 405. J. L. Utschi? &S2, George Tam
mever 703. George Ahrens 21C3, A. Hiltbruner
«95 W. F. Blasse lsO. F. Attlnger 330, M.
Kolander S6I. M. F. B'isse £49. A. Rahwyler
630. F. C Hagerup 117S. A. Jungblut 1370. G.
M. Barley S37, O. Bremer 1235: H. Bornhcldt
€2C. J. E Klein 435, Jobn Boiler 77S. F. J.
Povey 1230 J. Jones 14<-0. O. Iradorf 1C27, H.
Enjre 208. A. von Wyl 11C0. C. Henr.ings 850,
J. a Waller 2C15. C. Sor.ningscn 1K2, E. Eng
lar.tier 2175, C. Sagrhom 2307, L. C. Babln
2G40, A. Ureas* t^l. George Rlsrhmuller
Sr. tTS, L J. Reubcld 1262. A. Gehret 62S.
Joseph Straub 1^4*. F. E. Mason 771. LouU
Thierbach 0C5. Chris Meyer 4S2. M. Reubold
39S. Adolph Utschlg 1S21, T. J. Carroll 3000.
A. Strecker <SK). L. Wiile 1721. John Horstmann
2300. William McCracken 24C5. F. Riede 1070,
H. Scheunert C25. T. Simmer 5^5. A. Bertelsen
1105. R. Fir.king MO, M. F. Hartter 4S5. Wil
liam Ehrenpfort 2C7. Emil Woeune 14S5, Adam
Brehm IC25. F. Euter 17M. V. A. Kuhis 22.'»
Cadets — Henry Becker 303, F. Bertelsen 1-J52.
Following are the winners of bullseye
prizes in rotation:
William F. Blasse ISO, William Ehrenpfort
267, H. Erge 299. F. Attlnger 330. C. von Hart
wig 370 M. Reubold 338, A. Studer 405. J. E.
Klein 4.15. Chri» Meyer 4f.2. M. F. Hartter
4b5. A. Strfcker 439. R. Finking, SCO. L Thier
bach 5C5. T Pimmen LS5, H. Scheunert C25,
H Bcrnholdt «J2»>, AI G<hret «2S. A. Rahwyler
?»{0. G. Rifchmuller GTS G. Tammeyer 703, F.
E. Mason 771. J. Boiler 778. G. M. Barley S37,
Mania Bla.-ye 843. C. Hemming? S50. M. Ko
lacdcr 8CL A. Brtuys S71. A. Hillbrunner NJ5,
J. L. Ufschle il«2, F. Riede 1070.
Schuetzen Park near San Rafael pre
sented a busy scene yesterday as the
large number of marksmen pressed foe*
ward to be accommodated in the shoot
ing boxes. So many riflemen visited
the range that early in the day it was
necessary to put extra targets into
service. The California Schuetzen Club,
Turners' Schuetzen Grutli Verein and
Eintracht Schuetzen all brought many
participants to take part in the month
ly events of the different clubs.
William F. Bla?se carried off the
honors in the California club competi
tion, with the good bullseye of 180
points. Wiliiam Ehrenpfort, the cen
tennial champion, was close up and
carried off the second prize. In the
pistol competition G. M. Barley and
L. J. Reubold, with 8S rings each, were
the victors in this event. Jacob Iten
of the Grutli club led his comrades in
the race for the best bullseye, closely
followed by A. C. Gehret. The Adam
Brehm trophy was - won by Louis
Schmidt of the Eintracht shooting s?c
tion. Following are the scores:
The deciding course in the Class
stake at Ingleside Park yesterday be
tween Clover Blossom and Colored
Lady furnished one of the most ex
citing trials ever run at the field.
Clover Blossom was a on© to two fa
vorite. They were slipped to a strong
hare. Colored Lady led and made the
first points, much to the surprise of
the spectators. Then Clover Blossom
took command, evening up the score
and eventually winning.
Many greyhounds which appeared to
have a good chance for the finals were
beaten through severe running. Lost
Chord had a hard trial with Butte City
in the fourth round and when he met
the stake winner in the next round he
was defeated easily.
Frank C was withdrawn in the final
of the Reserve stake on account of
severe trials and first honors went to
Prometheus, which ran in excellent
form throughout the day.
The talent had the best of the day,
as the few shortends that scored were
held at small odds. Rector gave bet
tors, a hard jolt when he was beaten
by Colored Lady in the fourth round.
They ran an undecided course and the
bettors were still willing to lay the
opening price of three to one against
the Lady. She scored easily. Follow
ing are the day's results with Judge
John Grace's official scores:
Class "stake: Second round — Butte City beat
Royal Friend. 4-O; Lucy Clair beat Foxhunter.
ia-14- Lost Chord beat Orsina. 12-4; Glaucus
beat Commercial Traveler. 7-4: Queen's Motto
t*at Red Brick. 7-4; Galveston beat Annie
Ryne. 10-13; Modesto Boy beat Vina, 4-2:
Clover Blossom beat Frank Dunn, 3-0; Sea
Lion beat Mlsa Biummel. 8-2: Colored Lady
beat Don Pedro. 7-3; Rector beat Reckless
Acrobat. P-3; Remisso Anlmo b?at Tralee Lass,
6-2.
Third round — Butte City a bye; Lost Chord
beat Glaucus, 4-2; Queen's Motto a bye; Clover
Blcssom beat Modesto Boy. 0-U Colored Lady
beat Sea Lion, 3-0; Rector beat Remisso
Ammo, 6-1. • _,.
Fourth round— Lost Chord beat Butte City,
£5-14; Clover Blossom beat Queen's Motto. 3-0;
Colored I^dy beat Rector. 4-1. vV-l'jL
Flfti round — Clover Blossom beat Lost
Chord. 10-1: Colored Lady a bye.
Ueeiding cov.rse— P. J. Rlelly's Clover Blos
som (Warburton Imp-Miss Alice) beat Kelly
and Hanky's Colored Lady (Van Brox-Alrshlp),
Reserve gtuke — Happy Lad beat .Confident.
6-3; Melros-j beat Old Ironsides. 3-2; Lord Mel
bourne beat Proper, 0-3; Prompto beat Agitator.
11-9; False Alarm a bye: Real Pasha beat
Mabel S. 9-S: Frank C beat Miss Lucille. 5-4;
Freeport beat Sir Winton.' 17-10; Prc.meth?us
brat Bob R. 17-12: Star Sylvanus beat Erew
erv Maid. 1S-12: Reckless Rose beat Rolling
Boer. 24-11; FTisky Bey be it B:e KJaraata.
6-0' Pike- beat Doc Burns, 3-1: SUngarse beat
Dartaway 6-1: Rapid Water beat Torn Hur
lK:k. 16-12; Hauehty Helen beat* Idaho Boy.
0-6. -
Ttiird rcund— Melrose beat Happy Lad. 10-8:
Prornpto beat Lord Melbourne. 6-1: Real Pasha
beat False Alarm, 13-0; Frank C beat Free
port. S-3; Prometheus b*-at Star Sylvanus, 4-1;
Reckless Acrobat beat Frisky Boy. 4-3; SUng
aree beat Piker. 25-11; Rapid. Water beat
Haughty Helen. 11-6. „ , ,,_«
Fifth round— Frank C beat Melrose, 11-9;
Frank C b«-at Real Pasha. 3-2; Prometheus
beat Reckless Rose. 0-3; Stlngaree a bye.
Fourth round— Frank C beat Melrose. 11-9;
Prometheus t*at Stlngaree, 8-5. ___
Deciding course — J. M. Carroll s Frame v»
(Bright Gold-Columbia) lest by default to H. U
Meharry's Prometheus (St. Lawrence-Lady
Blanche).
Fourth round — Aeolus beat In Time. 4-8; Sil
ver Heels beat Gold Chain. 4-0; Pomona beat
Barfce. 3-2.
Fifth round— Silver Heels teat Aeohis; 21-4;
Pomona a bye.
Deciding course — R. Scot fa Pomona <Syl
vanus-Freda C) wen by default! W. T.
Raughfs Silver Heels tFetter Free-Daisy Bell).
withdrawn. .'.'."• ""«\
Third round — Aeolus beat Frisky Barbara.
4-1: In Time beat J E H. 4-2: Silver Heels
beat Black Ccon. 6-0; Gold Coin a bye, Mickey
Free withdrawn: Barge, "beat Vandal. 6-3; Po
mona beat Adcnls. 5-1.
Second round — Frisky Barbara beat Full
Moon. 6-0; Aeolus beat Pasha Pleasant, 6-3:
In Time beat ¦ Imperious. 6-3: J B H beat
Renegade Apache. 7-3: Silver Heels beat Sac
ramento B^y. C-0-. Mickey Frew beat Charter
Member. 16-11: Black Coon beat Duhallow. 8-3;
Gold Chain beat Loretta. 13-7; Vandal beat
Rose of Gold. 6-1; Barge beat Conroy, 10-8;
Pomona beat Fair Tralee, 3-0; Adonis beat
McVey. 3-1.
Deciding course — E. Janicke's Eag> BtrJ
War Eagle-Mountain Belle) beat F. Brown's
Humboldt (Hot Stuff-Crawford Lass). 8-3.
Open Htake — FuU Moon beat High Bern.
11-9; Frisky Barbara beat Sofala, 7-4; Aeolus
beat Y»ilowt3i:. 4-0; Pasha Pleasant beat Misa
Domestic a- 4: In Time bea,t Th» Referee.
10-3; Imperious beat Haphazard. 6-3; J E H
beat Texas Hoo Hoo. 4-O; Renegade Apache
beat Y.->uns Jcbnny Rex. 5-0; Sacramento Boy
beat Liberator. 8-6: Silver Heels beat Intruder.
6-0: Charter .Member beat Racing Auto, 12-7:
Mickey Free beat Secretive. 7-0; Black Coon
beat Ragstd Actor, 5-2; Duhallow beat AppJe
Blossom. 0-2; Loretta beat Baleadlne. 5-3*
GoU Chain beat Pagllaeci. 4-3; Rose of Ocld
beat Ruby Sankey. 24-5: Vandal beat Mountain
Eagle. 6-3: Angus Cissus beat Barge. 8-0:
Conroy beat Crawford Belle. 7-4; Fair Trale*
beat Frisco Lad. 4-tf; Pomona beat Amandari.
4-2; Adonis beat Ml Amigo, 3-0; McVey beat
TUlie R. 4-1. .
Second rouna — The Delta beat Master Garri
son. 6-0: Hudson beat Racked Asleep. 3-0:
Humboldt beat Youcs Kerry Pippin. 4-O: La.
Rcsa beat Bvlle Marie 4-2: Eagle Bird beat
Flower Uii-y, 5-0; Sampler beat Pasha K:r?.
4-2.
Third round — Humboldt beat The Delta, 4-3:
La Rosa beat Hudson, 4-2; Eagle Bird beat
Sampler, 4-0.
'Fourth round — Humbeldt beat La Rosa. 8-6;
Eagle Bird a bye.
The talent had a good line on the
form of the young coursers, there being
but five upsets. Master Garrison beat
Fortunate Dawn at 3 to 1; Young Ker
ry Pippin beat Golden Fortune, Sam
pler beat Blaze, Pasha King beat Lazn
pre Eel and La Rosa beat Hudson, all
at 2 to 1.
Pomona won the open stake by de
fault, Silver Heels, the favorite, being
withdrawn- The* latter had a trial last
ing 161 seconds in the semi-final round.
The day's results, -with Judge P. J.
Rellly's offlcial scores, follow:
Jnnlor Championship State — Master Garrison
beat Fortunate Dawn. 7-5: The Delta, beat
Forest Fire, 3-3; Hudson beat Aurelia. ' 6-2;
Rocked Asleep beat The XUval. 5-O: Humboldt
beat Fiddler. 8-4; Young Kerry Pippin beat
Golden Fortune. 3-1: La. Rtosa beat Sunny
brook. 7-3; Belle Marie beat Hermit, 9-3:
Eagle Eird beat S.r Upton, 14-2; Flower Gfcrl
beat Presto, 6-3; Sampler beat Blare. 14-6;
Pasha Kin? beat Lampre Eel. 11-3.
A young greyhound came out of the
south yesterday and defeated all the
northern cracks in the fifth renewal of
the Junior Champion stake at Union
Coursing Park. E. Janicke's Eagle
Bird, a son of War Eagle and raised
In Los Angeles, defeated F. Brown's
Humboldt In the all-important decid
ing course. The winner, which was at
1 to 4 in the ring, led by five lengths.
He also proved the cleverer worker,
Humboldt securing tiut one turn and
the kilL Eagle Bird beat In turn Sir
Upton, Flower Girl, Sampler and then
Humboldt after a bye course.
Blaze, the Futurity winner, was beat
en decisively By Sampler in the first
round. Rocked Asleep was retired in
the second round by Hudson in a short
trial.
The Commuters had the best chance
of the day in the last period, but still
the massive southpaw refused to weak
en, so they were sent away runless.
Dunleavy doubled to the right field
fence with one out and brought down
the bleachers by a daring steal to third.
Schafley had naught but a dinkey little
fly and Newton struck Kruger out
without an effort, so the crowd was
forced to go away without having the
pleasure of seeing -Oakland get a run.
Newton's performance yesterday was
one of the greatest exhibitions of the
year and certainly the best he ever
gave in this city. His control was al- _
most perfect, and besides blanking the'
Commuters and retiring them hitless
In every round save two, he struck out
ten men. The score:
Oakland — 1 Los Angeles —
AB. a H. P.A.I AB.R.H.P.A.
Frncks.ss OOOO OiBernrd.cf 4.0 11 0
Ganley.rf 4 O " 2 l!Flood,2b. 4 0 2 13
Dnlevy.ra 3 0 13 4 Smlth,3b. 4 0 0 12
Schlfly.Sb 4 0 0 2 2iCravth.rf 4 1 11 0
Kruger.cf 4 0 13 0 Cnase.lb. 4 119 2
Mskm.lb. 3 0 17 2jToman,s3 3 0 12 2
D*verx.3b 4 0 0 1 lRcse.lf.. 3 0 0 2 0
Byrnes.c. 3 O O 5 Ogptos.c. 3 0 10 1
Jones, p. . 3O 0 1 3 : .Vewton.p 4 0 0 12
Schmdt.lf 3003 0 —
— Totals 33 2 7 27 12
Totals 30 0 3 27 1UI
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Ang»les 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 11310000 1—7
Oakland 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 — 0
Ba«e hits 000. 0 0020 1—3
f. SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Toman. Dunleavy. Errors
Jrnes, Dunleavy, Too/an. Mosklman, Schlafley,
Chase. Two-base hits — Flood. Dunleavy. Sac
rifice hits — Flood. Smith. First base on errors
— Oakland 1, Los Anc^lca S. First ba»» on
called balls — Off Jones ;t, off Newton 1. Left on
bat ts — Oakland 5, Los Angeles 8. Struck out
— By Jones 4. by Newton 10. Hit by pitcher —
Francks. Bernard. Double play — Devertaux to
Mosklman to Byrnes. Wild pitch — Jones. Time
of game — One hour and » fifty-five minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
Up to the seventh not an Oaklander
could hit the ball out of the diamond.
Then, witty two gone, Kruger and Mos
kiman each swung through to center
field, ano: the crowd thought the big
stunt was about to be pulled off. Dev
ereaux then filed to Cravath and the
peep in did not materialize.
Chase responded with a drive right
through to center and Cravath dashed
in. Chase took second on the throw
in and went up a peg on Toman's drive
to the same spot. Then Mr. Jones
showed his lack of baseball nerve.' He
walked Ros3, Spies and Newton in a
row and forced Chase in with the sec
ond and last run of the day.
The game was almost marred by a
tragedy. Buck Francks, the first man
up in* the initial round for Oakland,
was struck sauare on the temple" 7 by
one of Newton's terrific inshoots. He
dropped like a log and remained un
conscious for fifteen minutes. Buck
was later removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he recovered
sufficiently to be taken home. He -will
play no more baseball for some tjme.
The Angels managed to break in for
the only two runs of the game in the
third inning. Cravath lined a drive out
to right field and was bent on stretch
ing it Into a double. Ganley fielded the
sphere cleverly and made one of the
prettiest throws of the year to Schlaf
ley. The erratic second baseman
dropped the ball and the man was safe
on second with two out.
Doc Newton cave the big Sunday
crowd at Recreation Park yesterday
a chance to be awed. 'Everv one was,
including the Oakland players. The
giant southpaw ' had his opponents in
a helpless condition from the time the
ball went into play till Kruger made
the last out by swinging at the tihrd
strike. "Twas a masterly exhibition of
the pitcher's art and a sight worth
seeing. Score— Los Angeles 2, Oak
land 0.
Just as usual, Jones got that wobbly
streak in one inning and after the An
gels had batted in a run he walked
three without, a miss and forced an
other over the pan. The Commuters
played a fair sort of game with a
patched up team. Had any other
pitcher been working against them
they might have treated the Southrons
to a sound thrashing.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W.L. Pet. l W.L. Pet.
Lcs Angeles. 29 19 .004 San Fran 25 26 .490
Tacoma 28 23 .54U (Portland 22 23 .440
Seattle 26 28 .5C0jOakland ....23 31.426
Will Carry the Keene Colors
in the Junior Champion
Against a Strong Field
Extra Targets Installed to
Accommodate Big Crowd
of Marksmen at the Ranges
Silver Heels, the Favorite,
Has Long Trial in Semi-
Final and Is Withdrawn
Hard Runs Ruin Chances
of Prominent Candidates
for the First Honors
SYSOXBY IS ENTERED
SCHMIDT GETS TROPHY
ADVANTAGE OF TALENT
OPEX STAKE FOKPOMONA
Ten Men Strike Out
and Three Hit
Leads Centennial Champion
and Easily Makes Highest
Score of California Club
Great 3Iare of August Bel
mont Will Keet Stalwart,
Ort Wells and Other Flyers
Southern California Courser
Wins the Junior Champion
Cleverly at Union Park
BELDAME STARTS
AT GRAVESEND
BLASSE SHOOTS
TRUE TO FORM
NEWTON'S MARVELOUS PITCHING AWES
OAKLAND BATSMEN AND SPECTATORS
FLEET HOUND
IS EAGLE BIRD
FINAL COURSE
IS EICITING
Clover Blossom and Colored
Lady Run a Sensational
Trial at Ingleside Park
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1904.
JUNIOR CHAMPION STAKE HONORS FOR FAST LOS ANGELES GREYHOUND
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE LAD WHOSE PHENOMENAL PLAYING AT FIRST
BASE FOR LOS ANGELES HAS WON FOR HIM THE "-ADMIRATION OF
THE FANS IN EVERT CITY OF THE LEAGUE.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
2 1 El^||l which. whea hoeestly
** pLiy«n aimed at by tru» masters
¦== IFr^ja of th * art * can *"* r ** che<1
~~ Pfyfy/M ln process of br«wlax
>>2 9l J^wB and matorisc. And the
* * bBJ^^BSI atr»B»Tth ; — . beary. t&AdZata
: tklllTul adJ-aatmenC
3 LA TZ
j v ;p^^fe^^^ 15 i"* IP" R
I' '"^^v^^K<i "^ *"• "~ ¦ *
\ 3*$j{*@]fjf£\ iNou-lntax.1 Tonlo.
i^^^^^j HL BLITZ SHEW. CO,
;^SlPi^fflsAM BIBO ft CO,
' faltfr ' I fi^T^^ Whole*aJ«£«aJ«xs,
212 Battery St, •
TcL Main 5859. . Saa Traaolsoo."The iPrlncess^ Fan Tan" began Its
Miss Florence. Roberts entered upon
her farewell week at the California last
evening in "Zaza," a production which
seems to still stand in favor with the
theater-going public, Judging from the
crowded house that witnessed the per
formance last night. Well supported
by Hobart Bosworth as Bernard Du
frane and .William Yerance in the role
of Cascart,' Miss Roberts deeply . inter
ests her .audience in the leading J char
acter of the play which she admirably
sustains throughout the evening.
"Zaza" will be continued "until Wednes
day; evening and on Thursday "Tess of
the diJrbervilles" l will . be substituted
and continue until the end of the week.
Pinner, did particularly good work and
was rewarded with floral tokens. Miss
Grace Reals as Sally Sartoris captured
the audience with her bubbling good
humor and Miss Gordon also did good
work. The leading part was taken by
J. H. Gilmour, who was well supported
by the rest of the company. The play
is. on for the week and will be followed
by. "Captain Barrington."
- The police have a clew to the man
who stole the $20,000 from the First Na
tional Bank Saturday. Last night Cap
tain Martin received a telephone com
munfeation from a man whose name is
not to be used stating that the robber
was supposed to be in the Dempsey sa
loon, at 144 Third street. Detective
Bralg was hurried down there, but the
game had fled.
One of the bank officials, who has
been on the trail of the thief, met Braig
at Dempsey's saloon and the two hur
ried In the direction of Third and Te
hama streets. The bank official, who
refused to give his name, spotted his
man in the saloon. Telling two men in
the place to watch the suspect, he hur
ried to the telephone and communi
cated with Martin. While he was thas
engaged his bird became suspicious and
escaped. As soon as the bank man re
turned he saw that the robber had
gone, also the two men he had appoint
ed watchmen. He met Bralg and the
two hurried in the direction given them
,by the bartender as that which the
fugitive took.
At Third and Tehama streets Braig
and the bank man met the two who
followed the robber. They said they
had followed their man and had lost
him near Tehama street- Bralg searched
around the ; neighborhood without suc
cess. He obtained a good' description
of the robber and spent the remainder
of' the night south of Market street in
the hope of running into his quarry.
The police are reticent regarding the
clew given them last night and endeav
ored to keep everything quiet. Captain
Martin expects to, land the robber in
prison before twenty-four hours have
passed if he does not leave town.
Man Who Visited First Na
tional Bank Is Seen in a
Saloon on Third Street
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially Invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things in pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
A New Art Gallery-
ROBBER SLIPS
THE DETECTIVES
second week" at the Grand Opera-house
yesterday afternoon before a large
audience. The piece is -s/ell staged and
was warmly welcomed by those pres
ent.
C*, Burnett's] /; Vanilla Extract used
and highly indorsed ky all leading hotels.*..!.
Get your ; embossed Odd . Fellow cards ' from
Kdward' Koowles Company, 24 Second street. •
HOUSE : IS *. BURGLARIZKD.— S. v H. '• Meyer
reported to 'the police last night that his resi
dence at 941 Jones street had been entered. and.
burglarized last Friday. The thieves took sev
eral bolts of fine carpet and some small bric-a
brac
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists". 60c flask; \ Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
J , Edvyard Davis, a mirier, was ar
rested yesterday ' at i 37 \ Polk street
by Detective T. J. Bailey affl^ booked
at 'the City Prison.' ' The arrest' was
made . on a dispatch from Wil
liam Sweeney/ of .* Sonora,' ¦,7-Tuolumna»
County,: to*"Ohief , Wittman,- that 'Davis
was (wanted (there- on a 4 felony- charge.
The Sheriff 'was notified I of "the" ar
rest. ;¦-.'¦•.'.' HHBSHHBfll
.Wanted In'. Sonora '" for ; Felony.
SALE OF STAR COURSE TTCKKTS.— The
annual eale ** of reserved . seat " tickets " for ' the
Star Course " of entertainments at the " Young
Men's Chrfstlan Association will, take .place at
the building. Mason and Bills streets. <, this
morning > at 9 o'clock. : The course . ; will be
opened Friday evenlnr by the Euterpean
Ladles' Chorus ; of Columbus, Ohio, containing:
thirty-five .voices. WB&BB&gmtK&HBMB&S&SL
Sale of; Star Course entertainment re^
served seat tickets, Young Men's Chris
tian Association torday at 9 o'clock. . ¦ • ¦
The ; police were notified yesterday
that R. T. Hufchinson was' Iri; a -fair
way of recovery at the Central Emer
gency-Hospital arid that- his skull /was
not fractured. •; Sam 'Aaron, one of
the' proprietors of a clothing store
Bush and : Kearny; streets, who ;tiad
a fight with Hutchinson on Saturday
afternoon, was . then booked on a
"charge of assault with: intent to do
great bodily , harm.' c He \ has '.been re
leased on $200 cash 'bail. ,
Aaron Charged and Released.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— Pending
an investigation of the case. State De
partment officials are* disposed to treat
as a fraudulent scheme to obtain
money the information which press
reports from Pasadena, Cal., state has
come to a relative of Congressman Mc-
Lachlan of California, of the reported
death of Louis Blaisdell in a Spanish
hospital and the detention of his 14
year-old . daughter in a convent at
Arajuez.
According to the views of the de
partment officials the report' bears the
earmarks of the work of^ a gang of
impostors who have operated* at vari
ous places in Spain for a long time
and who have obtained sums of money
from foreigners who have believed the
representations made to them. The
customary practice of these impostors
is. to report that* a parent has died,
leaving a confession with; a priest and
a young daughter in his charge, and
the information is conveyed : that -a
certain amount of money is ' ; required
to . obtain access to or data" concerning
the location of a fortune' which the
decedent . is . alleged ; to . have left- to ; a
supposed relative In a foreign country.
State Department Officials Doubt De
tention of Congressman McLach
lan's Relative in Convent.
THINK IT A FRAUDULENT
SCHEME TO OBTAIN' MONEY
Until; October.; 14' the* Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets Ho V .Tosemite Valley
from San Francisco for $25)90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. .The trip is made entire
ly in day time >. and includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route is through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls,
Bridal Veil and Tosemite 'Falls." Cathe
dral Rock, the Sentinel. Glacier Point,
Three Brothers, El Capltan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stayin Yo-
Bemite may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This is a grand chance to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
it at Santa Fe Office. No. 641 Market St.*
Redufced Kates" by ' Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VAIdLEY.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18. — Senator
Charles W. Fairbanks passed Sunday
in Washington. Except for a brief
walk, the Senator remained the entire
day in his ¦ apartments at the New
Willard Hotel, resting preparatory to
resuming campaign work to-morrow.
Accompanied by his secretary and his
son, Fred Fairbanks, the Senator
reached the city from Parkersburg, W.
Va., at 7 o'clock this morning.
Early to-morrow he will leave the
city' for Dover, Del., to attend a Re
publican rally there in the afternoon,
to be followed by a night meeting at
Wilmington. Thence Mr. Fairbanks
will go to Baltimore and make a
speech on Tuesday and after that to
Reading, Pa.
The Pacific Coast trip, on which Mr.
Fairbanks will be accompanied by
Senator' Dolliver, will begin from Chi
cago onSeptember 23.
Senator Fairbanks Devotes the Sab
bath Entirely to Rest.
SPENDS SUNDAY AT CAPITAIj.
The Grand Jury will - begin ' its ; in
vestigations of the misconduct "at .'the
polls to-morrow evening. .' Jyst' where
the line 'will be drawn: between it "and
the Merchants'' Association is ; not
known and a conflict is riot uitfikely.
Yes. - 1 -Wish . to i God we a Theodore Roose
velt or a Joseph W. Folk An San- Francisco
to-day to check the * bold spirit • of crime that
is abroad In our city.
A number- of the . : witnesses that
must be relied' on in the { prosecutions
are regarded as somewhat unstable;
inasmuch as ..they are i frequenters of
opium dens and have small sense of
honorable duty. They were gathered
up the night before the, primaries for
the early morning descent upon poll
ing places and were used to stuff the
ballot boxes by voting th<9 names .'of
citizens who - had not yet left 'their
breakfast tables. * ¦'"'*' •
The principal witness against .Wy
man will be Fairfax H. Wheelan." who
preferred the charge. It is ""repre
sented that the case . against the de
fendant is strong, . because Wheelan
saw him commit fraud 'in voting, the
name jof S. H. Mann. , and Wheelan's
testimony is expected to have " much
weight with a jury, y . '. " .
In an interview yesterday. Wheelan
protested j against being brought ;. too
prominently .into publicity in regard'to
his 'participation in prosecution 'of the
election frauds. He said: . <^\ .
I am simply dolne my civic duty u a. citi
zen. I witnessed the violation - of ; law by.
Wyman. and I regarded It ¦ as my duty, to
see that he should be punished. - I have, no
personal animus In the matter, and • I * do not
enjoy all the notoriety the awe '-i will occasion
me. But my - aversion cuts no , figure. .; for , I
realize that I have a duty to perform/ as a
citizen and • I shall not ; be deterred.* In i the
least because "Wyman has sued me for $250,000
damages and has sought to assail - me . and
my family. . ...;¦.
Wyman'i action ¦will - not ¦ Influence ' me ; one
way or the other. It wll arouse no vindictive
spirit and it .will not - deter ¦ me.'; ¦ He will be
prosecuted In - a determined manner " for his
Infraction of the purity of elections law, and
that U all there is to the case so far. as I
am concerned.- . ' ; ,
Though further arrests in connec
tion with the frauds at the primary
election may be made at any time, the
attorneys for the Merchants* Associa
tion say they do. not expect: any- Imr
portant developments until after .the
preliminary examination of Charles
Wyman is held on Wednesday. They
are trying to stave matters off till
then in order to learn Just how their
evidence will unfold itself in * court.
Other complaints will be withheld,
meantime, unless circumstances
should compel the Immediate swearing
out of warrants.
No More Arrests Likely for
Election Frauds Till His
Hearing Tests Evidence
AWAIT OUTCOME
OF WYMAN CASE
be dedicated. Its pastor, Father M.
D. Connolly, has labored for years to
provide for, | a better place j of j worship
for his flock, and the new • building
stands a monument to his energfy. .
The building is a substantial struc
ture of granite,, brick 'and*, steel. Ar
chitecturally the outer walls and high
towers are imposing and the roomy In
terior is no less attractive. From the
front step approaching the main por
tico to the rear line of the sanctuary
wall the distance is 165 feet. The great
est width, which. is from the. northern
wall of the boys' j sacristy to the south
ern wall of the sacristy of the clergy,
Is 110 . feet. The . front of ,the church,
from tower to tower, outer walls, meas
ures; 84 feet. The main entrance, con
sisting: of three .separate arches, is 29
'feet; in width,- and the total width tot
the interior of the church is 69 feet,
with side aisles 13 feet in width, and
nave of 39 feet. .The sanctuary* has a
depth of S3 feet "and a- width over all
of 65 feet, making, it one of the largest
and most beautiful In the country.
The design of the church Is the early
English gothic, | with an elegant ap
proach and triple arched porticos . in
dependent of the church, proper, with
a graceful front center piece pierced
by a rose window 19 feet in diameter,
flanked by lofty .towers. It is Father
Connolly's ¦ intention to have the win
dows; of the' side aisles - ornamented
with ; imported j art glass;' and ? the in
terior; furnishings' in keeping ' with so
splendid an edifice. -• V
> ':¦ A- bazaar is being held 4n the church
to raise money for. the interior decora
tions. - . iCf. V ¦¦ ¦• T:
HANT>SOME NEW GOTHIC STRUCTURE ERECTED IN. GRANITE AND STEEL.
AS A HOUSE OF WORSHIP FOR THE PROSPEROUS PARISH. OF WHICH
THE REV. FATHER M. D. CONNOLLY IS PASTOR.
FISHERMAN' COMMITS ECICTDE.— Charlea
H&uer. a fisherman living at 61 Vienna, street,
coxsmltted suicide last night at his borne, after
having been upbraided by bis pister. Mrs. Ross
man, lor being drtinlc. Hauer recently re
turned from Alaska, where be had been em
ployed In the fisheries. Ever elnce bis return
he had been on a protracted spree, HI* body
¦vsm taken to the Morgue.
The car had Just started from the
new Masonic Cemetery. Osborn and
Dinsmore were on the dummy when
the robber, with a white handkerchief
covering his face and a Colt's auto
matic revolver In his hand, stepped
forward from the rear of the car and
ordered them to throw up their hands.
The order was instantly obeyed. He
took Osborn's cap and told him to put
what money he had Into It. Osborn
obeyed and $25 75 found its way into
the cap.
The robber pocketed the money and
eald: "I am going as far as Colma and
•will go to the rear of the car. You
two ' stop where you are and if you
attempt to come to the rear I will
fill you full of holes." Each sentence
lie uttered was accompanied by a
string of oaths. When the car reached
Colma the robber had disappeared.
Osborn and Dinsmore describe him
as a man about 25 years of age, 5 feet
10% Inches tall, clean shaven and wear
ing a blue jumper, with white stripes,
blue overalls and a golf cap. The con
ductor and motor-man eay they would
know his voice at once.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahey spent
the early hours of yesterday morning
trying to find the masked robber who
held up Conductor L. M. Osborn and
Motorman F. A. Dinsmore at a point
opposite the new Masonic Cemetery
late Saturday night. They are satis
fied that he is the same man who held
up a car on the same line about three
weeks ago, and It is believed that he
belongs to one of the grading camps In
that locality.
All the signs are indicative of Repub
lican success in the Fifth District. E.
A. Hayes is a capable man, an able
campaigner and a citizen whose char
acter Is above reproach. In adjusting
factional differences in Santa Clara
County Mr. Hayes is giving an exam
ple of able leadership. He will not make
the mistake of underrating the strength
of the Union Labor nominee in the Fifth
District. It is expected that the old
line, hard-shell Democrats, who find
fault with everything, will support
Wynn, and he may run quite as well
as Lane ran in the last city campaign,
coming to the finish a beautiful third.
Williams, the Union Labor nominee,
possesses elements of popularity, but
he cannot bring into the fight the quali
ties of leadership which Mayor Schmitz
displayed in the city campaign of 1903.
Many of the Republican workingmen of
the Thirty-second. Thirty-third, Thirty
fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thir
ty-seventh, Thirty-eighth and Thirty
ninth Assembly Districts who support
ed Schmitz in the last municipal cam
paign' are supporting the Republican
nominee in the present contest.'
General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee, returned from the East last Satur
day night. In Chicago he exchanged
views with Chairman Cortelyou of the
national committee and Mr. Tawney,
director of the speakers' bureau. Gen
eral Stone says that an adjustment of
the factional differences in the Repub
lican ranks of Wisconsin has taken
place and there is no longer any doubt
that the State will give a substantial
majority for Roosevelt and Fairbanks.
The Republicans expect to carry Illi
nois by at. least 100,000 majority. The
Democrats no longer place Illinois in
the list of doubtful States, but concede
it to the Republicans.
Chairman Cortelyou is paying very
close attention to affairs in New. York,
Indiana and West Virginia. The pros
pects of Republican success in New
York and Indiana are encouraging, and
there is nothing in the West Virginia
situation to excite alarm. The Demo
cratic claim of advantage In Connecti
cut, Delaware, New Jersey and Rhode
Island is not justified by reports which
come to the Republican headquarters
from impartial sources.
It Is probable that George A. Knight
and Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz of Cali
fornia will be "assigned to duty as
speakers in Indiana and West Virginia.
The electoral vote of California is al
ready assured for Roosevelt and Fair
banks, but there will be disappoint
ment If the Republicans fail to elect
eight Representatives to Congress.
General Stone announces with a deal of
satisfaction that Charles W.. Fairbanks
of Indiana, Republican nominee for
Vice President, and United States Sen
ator Dolliver of Iowa will visit Califor
nia and speak in San Francisco - Mon
day evening, October 3. These eminent
leaders will talk to the people, in sev
eral other cities of the State.
It is known to the Republican State
Committee that the Democratic organi
zation is putting forth special effort to
achieve success In the First and Sec
ond Congressional Districts, hence the
Republican organization will endeavor
to awaken the voters of the party of
prosperity to a full sense of their duty
in this direction. *
"The Altar of Friendship," a comedy
drama in four acts, was well presented
at the ' Majestic Theater last night.
(Though .the " play, is not new to . San
Francisco theater-goers It was greeted
with a crowded house. The story Is of
young man with'a' high sense I of
honor sacrificing * himself and 1. giving
the \ tongue) of , scandal ' full opportunity
to * play," ix)\ order ; to) shield his - friend.
..There : is f Just ;•: enough : in • ; the
piece . to ¦' offset the pathetic} scenes ] and
keep the audience in good humor. .Miss
yeraT; McCord t > wlxo ; la ;cast as Mary,
' T. Trovolo, or whatever his name Is,
with the stage paint sapolioed from it v
was the surprise of. the evening at the
Orpheum. When tlje wise ones saw
"Novel .Ventriloquist" on the pro
gramme they thought "here Is where
we yawn." < •?).• v
The curtain rose on the same sort of
dummies used br every other ventrilo
quist from Blibbettsville to Rubber
town in the . earn belt. But it " didn't
rise on the same ventriloquist.
The man with the Spaghetti Opera
Company name made < those carrot-fea
tured images "get off gags that would
make a bunch of average comedians
seem. like a Chinese funeral. "I -don't
know much about' Christian Science,
but it beats castor oil." "Where did
you learn such profanity?" "I didn't
learn it. .That's a gift."
.Gags like these sound as flat as the
calliope: when the boiler springs a leak
if you read them in black and white.
But when, you hear them from the
wooden mouths of those hatchet-faced
figures in Trovolo's flexible voice you
have to laugh.
Besides, good; Jokes and a voice that
can climb stairs and slide down the
bannisters, Troyolo has a trained dog
and the stage business that show the
veteran." He is half a vandeville show
by himself. ,
The Truesdell Company has a* skit
full • of surprises and laughable cli
maxes. •"""* It's * probably about as good
as 1 , anything 'of -Its class that has been
at: the Orpheum. .The Melrose Troupe
did 'some wonderful tumbling. Mrs. Sni
der-Johnson, mezzo-soprano, received
several" encores. Leo Carrillo has im
proved his" turn considerably-since last
week.
.Willard Sims' Duke of Santa Crufc is
as clever a study in humorous senility
as .Teddy Webb's .Colombo is of the
broken-down tenor. Both are more
character studies than caricatures, and
both' therefore more deeply and adroit
ly funny. Sims' make-up is only next
to Webb's in naturalness, and both are
worth a visit, in themselves. Forrest
Dabney Carr makes himself very use
ful as Alavarado, Schuster sings a good
bass as Gomez and the rest chime in
admirably. ."The Serenade" gives the
chorus . plenty to do, and the Tivoll's
chorus cannot have too much. That
noble gagster, Ferris Hartman, though
lost to sight in the cast, Is there with
the ' gags. These are many and funny.
This is not to say that Mr. Hartman
has neglected his stage managing. This
is again excellent.
BLANCHE PARTNGTON.
If the Individual success of "The Ser
enade," brilliantly' revived at the Tivoli
last night, is not Dora de Fillippe as
Yvonne, it is Kate Condon as Dolores;
or Teddy Webbii. broken down tenor
if it Is not Vwiliard Slmm's Duke of
Santa Cruz; or perhaps 'Carres Alva
rado, or • the Lcrpez by the new home
brown barytone, Andrew- Bogart, who
made his operatic debut last night. It
is a stunning cast* throughout and a
stunning performance. The "Sere
nade" is by way of obsessing the town
in its usual obsessive way, and began
last night on a large house that used
up most of its breath applauding. The
rest 'went for whistling.
The particular interest: of the per
formance centered in Mr. Bogart. Haw
would the barytdne bear transplanting?
His graceful and fluent art has long
been a favorite with local concert-go
ers. But not his best friends suspected
operatic leanings; nor could his worst
enemies accuse him of theatrical ten
dencies. Yet the singer took his debut
as though he took one nightly.
He came on, beribboned and seraped,
as though he were in the habit of walk,
ing down Market street that way.
Without a quaver he charged his fel
low-bandit with "conduct unbecoming
a bra va and. a gentleman"— his first
words on the operatic stage. There
was not a word lost, and Mr. Bogart
walked throughout on his own feet. He
has already learned how to sit still,
to walk, to speak with point and
clearly, and in short the singer, is
launched . with conspicuous success
upon his new career. The same ease,
brightness and fluency as usual distin
guished, the barytone's vocal effort. It
is an art peculiarly graceful, a voice
peculiarly sympathetic. Only one good
song unfortunately goes to the singer,
"Dreaming, Dreaming" — Mr. Herbert
did not foresee this one — but the audi
ence made up here for lost opportuni
ties. The song was encored and lustily
re-encored. The .Tivoli has again hit
the bullseye, and this time its name
is Bogart.
Dora de Fillippe In Alice Nielsen's
part of Yvonne develops still further
her special gifts. ' The part fits her to
her. tiny toes. Chic, dainty, whimsical,
spirited, it is an Yvonne to the queen's
taste. . For the "Cupid and I" song,
excellently sung— though the rehearsals
had taken a little of the freshness from
the voice— Miss de Fillippe* was rep
turously encored, the flute 0 sharing.
Kate Condon, again stunning in Span
ish garb, is a charming Dolores. Like
the whole cast, she brings fun and
verve to her work. But what about
those low notes. Miss Condon? Chief
among your attractions — the vocal de
partment—was the wholly . unforced
production of the voice. Some of the
lower notes last night were as delib
erately forced as Collamarimi's of
sacred, memory— the Carraens are
comin'!
Police Believe He Is Same
Man Who Performed Simi
lar Job Three Weeks Ago
Great ; Ventriloquist at the
Orpheum — Florence Rob
erts Will Soon Play "Teas"
Candidate for Vice President
and the Eloquent Senator
Will Talk in San Francisco
COOL HAND AT BUSINESS
OTHER STRONG BILLS
VISIT CALIFORNIA CITIES
N0w Barytone's Operatic De
but Shows Him to Be Pol
ished and Capable Singer
Identity of Masked Crook
Who Held Up Conductor
Osborn Not Yet Discovered
Fairbanks of Indiana and
Dolliver of Iowa Will Dis
cuss Issues of Campaign
SEEK FOR CLEW
TO CAR ROBBER
BOGART WINS
TIVOLI CROWD
GREAT ORATORS
ARE ENGAGED
¦ ¦• ¦ ¦••*¦-¦¦¦ ¦¦' • ¦¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ -;--&Mmmim®
THE SAN -.FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1904.
* One at thm handsomest houses of
worship Inj the city will be St Paul's
Church at Valley and Church streets,
now 'completed with the exception of
the interior . decorations. It will soon
Only Interior Decoration
of St. Paul's Church
Is Incomplete.
SPLENDID NEW EDIFICE WILL
SOON BE READY FOR OCCUPANCY
12
___AJPVEliTISK>rKXTS.
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
* Our stock of Colored and Black Dress Goods for Fall and
Wintpr is complete in all that Fashion demands. \ We have
undoubtedly the largest and choicest collection of all-wool and
silk and wool fabrics to be had at popular prices. In the tailor
and outing materials can be found all the new color combinations,
and in the thin, dinging: textures all the latest tints of fancy
shades, as well as the staple colors. r >^ '
COLORED DRESS GOODS. BLACK DRESS GOODS
44-inch wide 43-inch wide
SHpWER-PROOF SUITING. FRENCH FIGURED SAMITE.
A light weight material, mixed An imported silk and wool black
color effects, in combination of material; fancy weave: small
browns, tans navy and 75* desi . M h lua .
black and white^.. Yard iDL trous fnish..!. Yard 4>1.«
52-inch wide 43-inch wide
« ? J AILOR ." SITING. FRENCH CRYSTAL CREPE.
S "h a e^td^tSls. C^rrs\ : A^ta^d-^jtaJ
s ! yl . cs . ; ..? x ::!. v Yi u r e d $1.50 is e c d c o p t e 7a c^: 8ho cr^
47-inch wide S^^^Yirf $1.50
IMPORTED REDFERN ; . . . .
QTiTTTMri 50-mcn wide
SUITING. BLACK TAILOR CHEVIOT.
Small noppe stnpe, in combina- . ., -- , *,»,„•„ /.u-^-nn
§|j|ll M^5"S
Genuine French fabric; extra . CHIFFON SAMITE,
quality, in new fall shades: ex- An imported silk and wool ma-
tensively used for fancv dress terial of French make, sheer
wear C;1 f\f\ texture, lustrous finish. A spe-
." .Yard 4«»">' cial value: made to our special
""***** *J order; extra value. fl*| OC
43-inch wide • • . - •' Yard $ 1 •&*>
CREPE DE PARIS. .
An imported French silk and 5»-»*ch wide «.„,,, -
wool material in all the fancy BLACK MELTON CLOTH.
and staple shades, including: All wool, extra weight: suitable
cream . . . . :'. ..:... <T1 Cfi for rainy day wear and separate
- -^L ard -* 1 '- 3 " sH . rts ;;.;.".-.-.Y^ $1.50
46-inch wide ¦
FANCY NOPPE MISTRAL. 58-inch wide
Solid color, check effect; very ENGLISH NUN'S SERGE,
stylish and dressy, in shades Extra wide, fast black, all wool
of champagne, silver gray, and 'one of the most durable
golden brown, French blue and materials manufactured. A sDe-
navy tf"f OC cial value at CI f\f\
Yard tpl.&J Yard...4>l.UU
* III to 121 POST STREET.
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
Poz Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of (^ut^jfy J&&JUAZ
PHONE SOUTH 8$3
SPECIALS
Confinrd to only
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday
THIS WEEK
"We Inaugurated our specials last
week by an all-week sale to allow our
friends to get acquainted with our
new location and our new Delicates-
sen Department. Judging: by the
many sales we matfe, they know It
pretty thoroughly already, so here-
after the specials will hold good for
only Monday. Tuesday and Wednes-
day. REMEMBER. NOW AT 139
MASON STREET.
SPECIALS
SinSEX'8 TOaZATO CATSUP. ..,.,.
.^ per bot. l{£c
| ReKolarly S3 ets.
SXPFEBED HZBSXZraS tin 15c
Imported from Scotland.
Regularly 23 cts.
BABATASU BHSZ3OFS tin 15c
New pack, regularly 23 cts.
FI.TrMOTJTH GIW. bot. OOC
v Ccates A Co. 1 *, regularly JL10.
oia> ausmsovB wbissst ¦?
.....bot. 75c: S Dots. $2: gal. S<fc
Absolute purity guaranteed by distillery.
Regularly $1.00 per toot.. $4.00 per gal.
YXBUOTXTK ...... 1.*.. 1 . i.bot. 50c
; French and Italian, regularly CO cts.
. " A babe in the house is a Tvell-sprine
of pleasure " if he is.properly fed and
well nourished, then he is happy and
v "everybody is happy." .._ Jj
; Yourbabywmbe healthy and happy
and a well-spring of pleasure, if you
will' give him Mellin's Food.
Sample bottle seat free of chargs. J
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gOLDBERq
BDWEN
& CO.
All this* month $i case off
on Vista del VaUe Wines.
Honday Tuesday Wednesday
Table Butter-2Ib square 55
Pineapple-SHced 20
Hawaiian, reg'ly 26c 1 X A 1b can .
Bird Pate-Franco-American 20
Sandwich paste, reg'ly 25c am
Gelatine-Knox 10
Granulated, rej'ly 12Jc pkg
Split Peas-St Vincent 3 lbs 25
Green, yellow, for soup or pouree
SardineS-Judic, regMy 10ccan3 for 25
SardineS-Marie Elizabeth 17^
reg'ly 20c large can
Drink Excelsior Java &
Mocha Coffee, 37JC 1b, 51b
can $1.95.
Mushrooms-Extras, French 30
Button variety, reg'ly $4 dor 3.25
String Beans 2 for 25
Clear Lake, reg My $1.60 doz 1 . 40
Clam Boilillon-Burnham 1 * 20
reg'ly 25c #pt, 40c pt 35
Maple Sycup-Hazen 40
reg'ly 45c qt can, 76c #gal can 60
Vigor Chocolate-Reg'iy «5c ib 55
Bee Brand Ceylon^ Teas
surpass in flavor any black
tea grown.
Tomato Catsup-G. b. & 0. 15
Sweet, sour, x eg'ly 20c pt
Safety Matches-Vulcan 70
!Best household match, reg'ly &5c gross
Toilet Soap-Coigate . 50
' Turkish Bath, reg'ly 60c dox
Violet Talcum Powder
. Mennen's, reg'ly 20c 12j£
Ask for Sierra Madre
Olive Oil, it's the best we
know of. Use plenty of it.
PORCELAIN iND CRYSTAL
REFRIGERATORS
Towel Racks G5
Three arras, nickle, reg'ty S5c .
Gas Torch-Regiy 25c ' 15
Gas Tapers-Reg'iy we h ¦ 10
WhlSky-Old Mellow Rye 75
reg'ly fl'bot, *4 gal 3.00
Scotch Whisky-Reg'ly$L25bot
King George IV., Red Crown 1.00
Brandy-Californfa 75
Not the best, but pure and good 3.00
reg'ly $1 bot, H gal
Ginger Ale-Beifast 1.35
Cochrane & Co., reg'ly J1.50 doz
Sarsaparilla-Schweppe 1.35
Healthful, invigorating, reg'ly $1.60 doz
Claret-Extra V.V.;reg'ly|l gal v 70
reg'ly $2.15 doz, $3.50 doz pts 1.70
Exceptionally choice Zinfandel qts 2.90
Sherry-Pale Harmony, 1.15
Old Spanish wine, regly J1.50 bot 4.50
J6gal