THE WEATHE&X
Forecast made at Scn-^raa
dsco for tiirty hours esdifff.
aiidiijtt, s«ptcsfeer 3:
San rraacisco siad viclaiiy —
rr.ir Sa'r.rflay; Myit BOutJx
tr^i4t, c::rEritff t3 tri:lc -arcst- .
erlr. A. G. McADIE,
Districl Tcrecastcr.
Continued' oh v rage 'Two. v
ery drill corns . mounted!.
This will be followed by a battalion
parade and review of the four com
peting drill corps under the command
of the Right Eminent Sir Frank W.
Sumner, past' grand commander ol
California. After the review the prliea
will be distributed by the grand com
mander of California on the grounds.
The drill will commence promptly at
10 o'clock In the morning on, the base
ball ground near the Sevehth-avenua
entrance to Golden Gate 'Park." Forty
thousand persons can view, U» drill
from surrounding helghta, - — — -.
The programme for the competitive
drill on . next "Wednesday has been fin
ally arranged and settled. The com
petition "will 'be between St. Bernard
Commandery No. 35 drill corps of
Chicago; Louisville Commandery No.
1 drill, corps of Louisville. Ky.; Malta
Commandery Xo. 21 drill corps of
Binghamton,' ; N. Y.; Ivanhoe Com
mandery No. 24 drill corp3 of Milwau
kee, Wis. The competitive drill will
be followed by an exhibition drill by
the 'drill corps of; Golden Gate Com
mandeo-'"and by Calif ornia' Command-
All singers- that will take part in
the sra'nd chorus at t the McKInley
memorial services on Sunday night at
the Pavilion "have -been requested '.-_ to
be at the *: Pavilion at S ; o'clock so as
to avoid* confusion and the' possibility
of the*> door being closed. .
Fonr Commanderies Comine.
BATTLE MOUNfAIX.Nev.,- Sept.. 2.
Part of ithe ; Ohio,- Georgia, Arkansas
and Boston v Knights "Templar, com
mahderics left Ogdenfto-day at 6 a. m.
They, are; due. ait '.Oakland at .'noon to
morrow. " • ' .'• v • •
Singers Arc Notified.
Board Prescribes -Rules for Emer
gency' Hospitals Durlns Conclave.' .
The president of 'the.. Board": of
Health. Dr. J. W. Ward, yesterday, is
sued the following special orders '.for
the service of the emergency hospitals
during' the week, beginning. September
3,1004, and .ending ., September, ;:11,"
1904, covering the stay, of : the Knights
Templar and 'other -visitors:
There shall be, at' the Central Emer
gency Hospital ; three ' extra surgeons,
or~ two surgeons ,qn duty at ;the"same
hour. Chief Surgeon Stephens'; will be
in attendance at least four hours each
day.. . : , '' .'•.,-¦.'.:•- . ".'".. • .¦ .'. - "•¦ ¦
' There shall' be ,two- ambulances at
the Central*; Emergency Hospital \ dur
ing the^.time specified above. ;
. .The'; hospital.' operating rooms, - se;- T
vice of' the -surgeons, stewards, nurses
and! other* hospital. attaches are to be
at ;the .disposal: of the private emer
gehcyy hospital .. maintained . •: by, '[ .-_ the
Knights iTemplar .'at , the "-.Mechanics'
Pavilion, .under \ the". direction ~ of ¦ Dr.
William '.C."\ Hassier,'; ; wheneyer.jh'e may
.Vequire" such ' Eer*\ices; * v Suppliea,"? bed-
ISSUES . SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mounted Battalions and Four Rival
Corps to Gather Wednesday at
Golden Gate Park,
COMPETITIVE DRILL
WILL BE WITNESSED
BY A LARGE CROWD
.jr.? Earl cf Euftcn, the most emi
irient and supreme grand master of
the . Gr*at Priory of England and
Wiil»-s and of the dependencies of the
Eritish crown, with his party, consist- |
in,i of the highest officers of the Eng- i
li-*h Templar bodies, will arrive hcr<» {
A delegation will leave thi3 city this
morning: ~ to meet him at Jlo'ntorey.'
The loea] co:rsmittee will be conir>-.>s?d
of Pest Grand Master Kcuben II. I
Lloyd, fir Kuisrht T. H. Goodinan and j
Sir Knight William H. Ci-oclier. After
meeting the dif-tinguir,h#d guests ;u
Monterey, the party will go on a spe
cial excursion' to Santa -Crus and the:
big trees, return to Santa Cruz and
come to San Francisco, arriving here
at 12:15 p. m. on Monday, at the de
pot.* corner of Third and Townsend
streets.
The Templar escort will be at the
depot under command of ColonelWH
liam Edwards, to receive the distin
guished party and escort it to the Pal
ace Hotel, headed by, a band. The of
fiVors of the Grand Encampment of
tlie United States, .the officers and past
officers of th» Grand .Commandery of
California and past " eminent' com
manders will receive the party upon
arrival at the depot and- accompany
them to the. hoteL •• • • '
Earl of Euston, British Mason of High
Rank, Will Be Met by Large
Escort at Monterey.
LEADER OF UNITED
ENGLISH ORDERS IS
TO ARRIVE MONDAY
to-day: Grand Commandery of Arkan
sas; All eghany No." 35 of Bellevue, Pa.;
De Witt Clinton No. 1, Virginia, Nev.;
District . of Columbia and Maryland ,
Golden Gate • Club ¦ of Pennsylvania;
Hanselman.No. 10 of Cincinnati," Ohio;
Holy Sepulchre No. 8, Wcllesley, with
Hamilton No. 41; of Hamilton, Pa.: . ;
Hugh de Payens No. 20, with ; Button,
No. 16 6f Boston, Mass.; Lincoln Park'
No. 64 of Chicago, 111.; St. Omer. No.
21 of -Boston, Mass.; Pittsburg No.l
of Pittsburg, Pa. •
Notwithstanding the fact that the
visiting" ,7.commanderies ;will bring
bands: with them to the number of
about forty,. it, is. announced that dur
ing.' the " Templar, conclave there will
not be f a'n" idle band in the .city. De
mands'for 1 bands have extended to the
nearby t and --have met with
prompt , response.' It, is: believed 'that
during 'the'-) week several .hundred
bands will ; be.-kept-busy.
' •- The: ladies -have.' arranged a pro
gramme of. exceptional merit to be
presented every afternoon . and even
ing Vduring, conclave week in "the re
ception-rooms'of the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. "Marriner* Camybell, chairman of
the music • committee, has . assumed
full charge of \ that part of the enter
tainment. The following- programme
will* be*' presented' . Monday evening,
September; 5,. beginning at 8:30
o'clock. , .Addresses of welcome to vis?
iting.S'ir'Kiiishts and ladies by. Right
Eminent" Past 'Grand Commander of
California Senator George C: Perkins
and Sir Knight 1 Samuel M. Shortridge.
Music by Hawaiian, quintet.
Bands 'Will Be Busy.
Programme at Palace.
..The. special train bearing this com
mandery, • together with four special
trains of - Pennsylvania Knights and
one composed of several .comman
deries from the Atlantic coast, which
are. due to-morrow, will leave here for
California to-morrow night. I
PORTLAND,- Or., Sept. 2. — The
Grand. Commandery 4 of Massachusetts
nnd Rhode Island, including Hudson
Commandery No.' ( l of Hudson, Mass.,
the ; oldest commandery of . Knights
Templar in ..America; Washington
Commandery No. 1 of. Hartford,
Conn., and De Molay Commandery of
Boston, arrived in this city this morn
ing on special trains and after spend
ing one day here left this evening for
San Francisco to - attend the Grand
Encampment '-of the order.
:; ln : addition. to these commanderies
a., special car was attached to the
Southern Pacific train. bearing
commanderies from Providence. R.. I.
This evening the Denver commandery
arrived here on a Columbia River
steanier from The Dalles, Or. .
Arrive at Portland En Route to- the
' W'i • • ; '• Conclave.
EASTERN KNIGHTS COMING.
Early yesterday morning a special re
ception committee, composed of Sir
Knights from the Golden Gate, Cali
fornia and Grand commanderies, head
ed by Grand Commander W. Frank
Pierce, Past Grand Commander Frank
W. Sumner, Eminent Commander
Charles M. Plum and Eminent Com
mander P. D. Code, left the city on the
8 o'clock boat for Oakland. Promptly
on time the train arrived bearing the
grand master, and his party, together
with the Texas eommanderies, - that
made the journey with him. The escort
formed about them and the party
started for the city.
Upon the arrival at the ferry build
ing the grand master was preceded
by the California. Commandery band
and accompanied by the escort. He^en
tered one of the waiting carriages. The
carriage of^the grand master was
drawn by four white horses, the car
riages of the escort following that of
the grand master.
The mounted* Knights of California
Commandery, who had been waiting
patiently, under. Captain R. P. Hurl
but, passed in review before their dis
tinguished leader. Headed by buglers
from the. Presidio, mounted on black
horses that were decked with the black
and white Templar trappings, the
cavalcade began its march up Market
sireet. ' By this time the: crowd at the
ferry, plaza and along Market street
had become quite dense, but the police
handled it. efficiently. As the colunyi
.turned from Stockton street into Mar
ket the sunlight' on' the magnificent
horses, white arid black trappings ami
nodding white plumes made an impos
ing sight. . ... , .\
\ "When" the Palace, Hotel waa reached
the. Knights swung into 'i New Mont
gomery street and, countermarched "op
posite the entrance. . They came to at
tention as the 'carriages drove up and
left their occupants 'at the hotel doors.
The" band "then filed into the court of
the hotel and played several'selections,
after which. the. escort. disbanded.
In the carriage with the grand mas
ter were Grand Commander W. Frank
Pierce. Eminent Commander Charles
M. Plum and Past Grand . Commander
Reuben H. Lloyd.
Cincinnati Commandery No. 3 of Cin
cinnati. Ohio;.' Palestine] Commandery
No. 3 of Springfield, Ohio; Reed Com
mandery No; 6 1 of Dayton, Ohio; New
Haven Ccmmahdery No. 2 . of New
Haven, Conh.,Varid" > Urbana Command
cry No." 16 of Urbana,' 111., arrived;yes
terday and were escorted to'headquar
ters T>y" mounted' Knights.'/' '¦' ¦'¦'"%¦
r : The following 1 commanderies'' are "duV
A foretaste of the day of the big
Knights Templar parade was given the
citizens of San Francisco when the
California Commandery No. 1, mounted
on black chargers and arrayed in full
insignia and regimentals of the order,
met the grand master and escorted him
from the ferry to the Palace Hotel.
The route cf the cavalcade was a round
about one, the column passing the Ma
sonic Temple at Post and Montgomery
streets, proceeding to Stockton street,
thence to Market and to the Palace
Hotel.
Grand Master of the Knights Tenv"
plar Henry Bates Stoddard of Bryan,
Tex., tired from his long Journey and
worn, by a great, sorrow — the recent
loss of his beloved wife— arrived in this
city yesterday morning. Warm and
sympathetic greetings of comrades
served, to lift him in, a measure from
the silence of depression and encour
aged him to face the work that lies
before. r\-?
Chief of Benights
Escorted by a
Cavalcade.
ding.- material,'; etc., of the . emergency
hospitals ; ] are ; to ' be furnished to f Dr.
Uassler should-he desire"; them, r
The rules': governing; the visiting of
the S Emergency. Hospital are suspend
ed this interim,. so^as to allow
persons interested in this, work to ob
tain* the 'information they seek.
On Special Trains
Many Ctiests
Eastern Visitors
Arriving for the
Conclave. I
Grand Master Is
Here and All
Are Ready.
the legions of* the fraternity,
that have gathered Itere from
the farthest points of the
earth to participate in the de
liberations that ivill fix their
course for three, years to
come. The doors of Golden
Gate Hall, the official home
of Golden Gate Command
cry, will be thrown open this
morning, and there, until the
end of the conclave, the
strangers within the : city's
gates: will be hospitably
greeted. California Com
viandcry. assisted b\ tzucnty
onc jothcrs of the interior,
will receive at Mechanics'
Pavilion, which artisans
have converted into a forest
of redwoods. ; To-night the
city will be aflame with light.
Myriads of electric bulbs ¦will
flash out and San Fran-,
Cisco's triumph will be at
hand. '
CALIFORNIA, a sover
eign State, : and : San
Francisco, thejnetropo
ll's of the great West, wel
come the' hosts' tiicd have
come to participate in the
twenty-ninth] Triennial Con
clave of the] Knights Tem
plar. To-day will be marked
by the . inaugiirationjof,: tHe^
STATE AND CITY WELCOME
THE LEGIONS OF THE WORLD'S
MOST ANCIENT FRATERNITY
The San Francisco Call.
ftB TES&T21B8.
f . ¦• •
Alcazar— "Sathan Hale."
California— "Tesi of tia DTJr
bervillti."
Central — "The rirst Bern."
Columbia— "Candida" and "The
Man of Destiny."
risc3ier'» — "Anhenser Pnsli."
Grand — 'TJnder Two PlaffJ."
Orplisum — Vaud e vills.
TlTOll — "Tie Toreador."
Katinees at All Tteatsrs.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDiVY^ SEPTEMBER; 3/ 1904:
VOLUME XCYI— XO. 05.FALLS FROM "A TRESTLE
' . . ! BUT; ; ESCAPEiS INJURY
HEApDSBTJRG.'Sept., 2.—Jdhn/Mur
phy/.a jtramp, this morning attempted
to' cross the railroad , trestle which
spans the Russian ;• River " below town,
buti being drunk; -'he lost his balance
and- fell; to the', rocky river, bar," thirty
feet below. He escaped injury, went to
sleep .on ; the " spot \yhere 'he.lahded and
¦enjoyed > his sliimber ' until the ' t&wh
marshal ' woke him' and ordered him to
move on. , •' <" '¦^38HSSK r - : " v -" "• : ¦¦'¦"
Brings Its Own Band.
De Molay Commandery .No. 7 of
Boston' Mass!, will' reach x . here 150
strong;, arriving at 7 o'clock to-mor
row'* morning, and/ will bring its own
band; " The commandery.'; h'as secured
headquarters' at^ the* StJ 'Nicholas Ho
tel. 1 ' Parties representing other Mas
sachusetts commanderies are coming
under the banner of De Molay.
CAPTURE 5IAX ACCUSED"
OF THE CRIME OF 3IURDER
¦WALLACE. Ida., Sept. 2.— Deputy
rheriffs returned to-day from the St.
Joe country with Fred Engstrom." who
is charged with the. murder of Ed
Boulet, an alleged claim .Jumper, on
.Marble Creek two weeks ago. Eng
strom and his daughter have timber
- claims on Marble Creek. Since the
murder 6t Boulet, all the cabins of
Jumpers "in. that section of- the country
have beeh dynamited. ****'• - •
Knights' From South and East.
LOS AXGELES.Seot. 2. — Two spe
cial trains on the Sputhern - Pacific
brought 'Knights Templar from Phil
adelphia and Harrisburg, Pa., and on
the 4 Santa Fe special. trains came com
manderies from. Portland, Me.; Troy,
N. Y., and** Kokomo, 'Ind. To-morrow
the Illinois, Oklahoma and Kansas
contingents.' will arrive. The city is
crowded 'with .'Knights, who 'are be
ing * entertained.
Knights Drill at" Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 2. — Knight3
Templar Comrriandery No. 21 of Bing-r
harriton; * N. Y., gave an exhibition
drill 'on' Main street to-day. It left
for San Francisco to-night. Other
delegations of Knights here, to-day en
route for the coast were the Grand
Commandery of Iowa, Olivet Com
mandery of Lynn, Mijss., and Penin
syilar Commandery of Kalamazoo,
Michigan.
rnittees at Palace Hotel.
Evening.
Reception to ladies of California Corriman
dery No. 1 at Mechanics' ' Pavilion.
General reunion of members, of Golden Gale
Commandery No. 16 at Golden Gate Hall.
Reception by ladles' committee at Palace
Hotel. . . ¦ '¦ . - '• *V*--.
Poception. by/ California- Commandery No. 1
at'. Mechanics' Pavilion. ,
: Reception by ladies of Oakland Commandery
No. II In the nave of the- Ferry building from
8 until 12.
Reception by Golden ''Gate Commandery No.
16 at' Mark Hopklna • Institute of 'Art. corner
of. California and Mason streets, from 8 until
11 'O'clock'. • ,
. Reception, entertainment- and. Jinks at Presa
Club. . 123 Ellis street, tendered by the club
tb* all 'visiting journalists!
Open-alir concert I in Union square,- Geary,
Stockton, Post and Powell streets, from S
until 11- o'clock. :
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.
,'. Morning.
Seiision of" the' Grand "Encampment af Gold
en Gate Hall. ' • '•'• "
• Oakland' day— Free- excursions to Oakland to
attend the celebration of the Native Sons of
the Golden West. l J'-'£}&
Afternoon.
' Reception and entertainment by ladles' com
mittees at 'Palace' Hotel.'"
' Special patriotic programme .arranged- by la
dles of all commanderies located at Mechanics'
Pavilion. . • ' '
Reception by Oakland • Commandery No. 11,
at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, and at
Oakland— Oakland day. •
Reception by Golden \Gate Commandery No.
16 to . visiting fruters and ladlee, at Golden
Gate Hall. : .......
Excursions to; the fortifications on the north
aide of the bay. .Boats .will leave . the ferry
, building. Point ' Bonita for ¦ fortifications,- at
: about 1:30 p.. m*. Obtain full Information at
ithe California Promotion. Committee, 25 New
"Montgomery street, opposite the Palace Hotel.
. . / .'Evening. . *
Promenade concert in * the nave of ihe ' ferry
fctiildlng from 8 until 12 p.im. ¦• '. >.V - -' •
¦; Chinese play -at. the- Grand Opera-house, 3/.13
to 10:15 p. m. ' . . "' ¦ ¦ \ ¦" ¦ '
• Reception by 'ladies'/ committee* at Palace
Hotel.- ...,' . . 1 .-. • . ... • .
' Reception by California Commandery No. 1
and other commanderieB of California- jurlsdio
tlon having ¦ headquarters : at . tha Mechanics'.
Pavilion. Special programme. Mechanics' Pa
vilion. - • ¦ • •
• Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sens' Hall. 414 Mason street. - ".
¦¦ Reception and. .ball by. ..Golden'. Gate Com
.m.indory No. 16 to Its members, and ladles at
Golden GatvHall: " •.":•• .- r '¦
Friday, September 9, '. Is a legal holiday In
California, andis'kno'wn as "Admission Day."
; The celebration Is -.conducted-, by th« -Native
Sons otthe'GiJlden West, their, special celebra
tion taking place Oakland, ¦¦v-. •• ¦ ••>
SATURDAY, ISEPTEJIBER 10. .
:,v ;/'.'.- •>' .; Morning- ' '.-.:¦ -.,''-» ..•
- LaiincHWg- of /the United • States protected
cruiser : Milwaukee, at Union sdtia •',. Works at
11:50 a. ,m. '.. , '. . . \.~y. ; s-' 7" \. ,'. -• .^., . \
: Reception and - entertainment - at" headquar
ters of various commanderies. of .California, "Ju
risdiction. " :. ' ¦• •'¦ .-
Reception and entertainment by ladies* com-
HEAT) OF THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR OF THE UNITED STATES. WHO ARRIVED
.- ' IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY MORNING. AND SCENES AS HE WAS BEING
ESCORTED TO HIS HEADQUARTERS AT THE PALACE.
BODY OF BEAUTIFUL GIRL
IS FOUND OX THE BEACH
Coroner and Cottagers Unable to
Learn Identity of Victim of
the Waves.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept..2.—Mys
tery encircle*s the finding of the- body
of a beautiful girl of eighteen on the
6hores of Woodmont-on-the-Sound to
day. When the cottagers went down
to ths shore for their morning plunge
the waves were rocking the body along
the pebbly beach. The women in the
party Bhrieked and ran away.
The dead girl wan fully dressed with
clothing of excellent make. The cor
sets and shoes bore the mark of a local
dealer, which leads Coroner Mix to in
fer that the girl formerly lived
in this city. She wore a white sateen
underskirt, a blue walking skirt,
a white straw hat, securely fastened
with two pins, and a white shirtwaist;
Her tie was fastened with a valuable
pin, with a rare turquoise stone, and
she wore a beautiful ring set with
large pearls.
a. m. ¦" No tickets are required to witness the
drill or distribution of prizes.
Bay excursions;' steamers Oakland . and
Tamalpais leave foot -of Market street 9:45
a. m. .'--'.
Excursions to Cliff House, Sutro Heights.
Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach all day.
Entertainment by Red Bluff Commandery
No. IS at United States Hotel. 113 Eddy street.
10 a. m. to 12 m. ' . . , •": ... •• ,
Afternoon.
Session of Grand Kneampment, Golden Gate
Hall. .
Reception and entertainment by ladies' com
mittee. Palace Hotel. ' . -
Bay excursions; steamers Oakland, Tamal
rals and San Pablo leave foot of Market
street 1 p. m. ¦ ':• ¦¦><
- Ladles' reception, under auspices of Cali
fornia Commandery No. I, in Mechanics' Pa*'
vilion, from 2 to 0 P. m. ' • . ¦ ' - '
Receution by Oakland' Commandery No.-. 11
at Native Eons' Hall, 414 Mason street. ;
Reception by Golden Gate Commander!'" No.
16 at Golden Gate Hall. ? •' • -' A'
Entertainment by Red Bluff Commandery
No. 18 at United States Hotel, 123 Eddy street,
2 to 3 p." m.' .• • ' ' >- • • .'"-'¦
Reception by Woodland Commandery No. 21
at parlors of Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market
streets, 10 a. m. -to 4 p. m. • •' '>'.'
¦ Reception by Frepno Commandery No.-. 29, •
Pythian Castle, 9rt9 Market street. -.
. '.. Evening.. :', . ;. . ,
Banquet to the Grand- Kneampment .ot the
Uuited States and representatives from Great
Britain and the British dependencies at the
St. Francis Hotel, corner Geary and Powell
streets. '. • • ' " '¦ •"¦''
Promenade concert In the nave of the ferry
building from 8 until 12 p. m.
Chinese play at the. Grand Opera-houw, 8:15
to 10:l& :>. m. , -..,..•
Ladles' reception at the Palace Hotel ;' special
ladies' nleht. ,: ¦ '.'.•;:¦,'
California Commandery night; reception, ex
hibition drill and grand ball in -Mechanics'
Pavilion. 9 p. m. . : .. t •
Reception by Grand Commander}' of 'Ohio,
which will tender a reception to - the ¦'¦Most
Eminent Grand Master of the United -States
and representatives of Great Britain . and . the
British -dependencies and to the members' of
th* Grand Encampment of the United I States
at - the Maple room of tbe Palace .Hotel from
7 until 11 p. m. , ¦ '
Reception by Orovllle . Commandery : No.' 6
at Mechanics' Pavilion. . . . , , .
Reception by Nevada Commandery No. 6 at
Mechanics' Pavilion. i
Reception by Marysville Commandery No. -7
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Reception and ball by Stockton Commandery
No 8 at Lyric Hall r 110 Eddy street.* »-..-<
Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sons'- Hall, 414 Mason 'atreet.
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No.
1G at Golden Gate Hall.- ,
Reception by Naval Commandery No. 10 at
Lyric Hall., 119 Eddy street, srj . <. \ •
Reception by Fresno Commandery "No." 29 at
Pythian Castle, 908 Market street.
Open air concert In Union Squar*,. Geary,
8tockton, Post and ' Powell streets, «from> 8
until 11 p. m. •:•'.* ' Uc>f \ : -s '.¦;-:
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8." *
• ¦'... '. - . '.Morning.." T' ,,.,, -.."" *\
Session of the Grand Encampment, Goldeq
Gate Hall. '-'••'•': ¦ • '* • '• • ?
- Bay excursions; steamer Tamalpais -leaves
foot of Market street 9;45 a, m.
Excursions to Cliff House, Park, Eutro
Heights and Ocean Beach all day.
iiF?$*'0 Afternoon.; -. ¦'.r t . t :. .
Session of the Grand' Encampment, Golden
Gate Hall., N .: .V v ; . ... ...,,.. . •
Bay excursion; steamer' Tamalpais .leave*
foot' of Market' street. • 1 o'clock. ., *
Reception and -entertainment by 'ladles' com
mittee at Palace Hotel.. , *•". ¦' . " •«
Ladies' reception, -under the auspices of
California Commandery No. 1, ,at Mechanic*'
Pavilion. 2 to 5 o'clock. . ¦ . ' ¦
. Reception by Oakland « Commandery Vp: , 11
at Native Sons' Hall; 41< Mason -street •• ••
Reception by Golden Gate.CJpmmandery: No.
16; at Mark* Hopkins Institute 'of Art, : corner
California nnd Mason streets, 2 until & o'clock.
Excursion to University of California. Berke
ley, and' reception by the -officers *dT thei'unf
vemtty to tho visiting Sir Knights and -ladles.
At. -4. o'clock concert In i the- Greek Theater,
seating 8000 persons; the 'California Glee'Club
and university orchestra will ¦ ¦ participate.
Round trip, via Key route, free of 'charge.
t : •>., * Ereninsr. .••.;- , .
Chinese play at: the Grand Opera-twine, 8:15
to 10:15 o'clock. l( ..• .. ,. ,•..%/.''...
Promenade concert, in the nava ©f . the Ferry
building, from 8 until 12 ;& clock, . •;— -
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE. Sept. 2.— Advices from Miles
City to-night say that Professor W.
H. Utterbeck of the Carnegie Museum
at Pittsburg has unearthed the petri
fied remains of a gigantic dinosaur,
also termed triceratops, in the banks of
Hell Creek, Dawson County.
According to Utterbeck the discovery
is a valuable one and the most impor
tant made in years. Professor Utter
beck has brought one wa&onload of
the remains, weighing about 2500
pounds, to Miles City. Another ton of
the petrified bones still remains in the
Hell Creek banks. They are so deeply
imbedded that it will require several
more months for Utterbeck's force of
workmen to remove them.
" This dinosaur was about thirty feet
long'. Its head measured six feet " in
length and is five feet wide. Two years
ago a Mr. Hornady of the New York
tJeological Society found, the remains
.cf one of the animals. They were sent
East
"Utterbeck has found evidence that
the bones of several of the prehistoric
animals are buried in the Hell Creek
country. •
The Knights Templar Hotel Com
mittee yesterday issued the following
directory of headquarters, which will
remain unchanged during the con
clave: .-.,¦ . • . - . ,-r, l4 v. :¦ ,\ .¦
. Grand Encumpment of, the United States,
Palace Hotel; Great, Prioryj of Englond. Palaea
Hotel. ' ¦ "•
Alabama— Grand Commandery, Grand Hotel;
Cyrene No. 10. Birmingham,- McAllister. 503
Van Ness avenue. ¦ • • ' ... .'•
Arizona — Grand Commandery, Grand Hotel.
Arkansas— Grand Commandery, Palace Ho
tel; Arkansas delegation. Little Rock. Roy
croft. COO Turk street.
California — Grand Commandery, Palace Ho
tel; BakersBeld No. 39, Balbensfleld, St. Denis,
rt Turk street; California. No. 1, San Fran
cisco, Mechanics' l'avihon; Chlco ISO. IX Chico,
Mechanics' Pavilion; Colusa No. 24. Colusa.
Mechanics' Pavilion; El Dorado No. 4, Placer
ville, Mechanics' Pavilion and Fremont. lS-il
Market street: Eureka No. 35, Eureka, Me
chanics' Pavilion; Golden Gate No. ltf. San
Francisco.' Golden Gate Hall ; Fresno No. . -•».
Fresno, Pythian Cautle, 9CTJ Market street:
Marysville No. 7. Marysville, Mechanics' Pa
vilion; Mount Olivet No. -i.>. Fetaluma. Me
chanics' Pavilion; Mount Shasta No. 32, Yreka,
Mechanics' Pavilion; Napa No. 34, Napa, Me
chanics' Pavilion; Nevada Mo. <J, Nevada City,
Mechanics' Pavilion; Naval No. 19, Vallejo,
Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street; Lassen No. 13,
Busanville, Metropolitan. 129 Third street;
Long Beach No. 40, Long Beach. El Cerito,
corner Washington and Larkln streets; Los
Angeles No. 9, Los Angeles, - Grand Hotel,
Clarendon, 543 Post street, ana Cummings, 61S
Post street; Oakland No. 11, Oakland, Native
Sons' Hall; Orovllle No. 5, Oroville, Mechan
ics' Pavilion; Pacific -No. 3, Sonora, Lick
House and Grand: Pasadena No. 31, Pasadena
Clarendon, 543 Post ' street, and Cummings,
618 Post street; Red Bluff No. 17. Red Bluff,
United States, 123 Eddy street; Riverside No.
2&, Riverside, Berkshire, 711 Jones street, and
Rentdn, 712 Sutter street; Santa Ana' No. 30.
Santa Ana, Mechanics' Pavilion and Fran
cisco. 107 Turk 'street :*£outhern California No.
37, Pomona. Touraln*/ 408 Kllia street, and
Stewart. 479 Ellis street;. Sacramento No. 2.
Sacramento. "Pioneer Hall; • Stockton No. 8,
Stockton, Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street, and
WllkinK. 637 OTarrgll street; St. Omer No. SO,
Santa Barbara, Vendome. 1104 Market street;
Fan Jose No; 10, .San Jose, Mechanics' Pa
vilion; San. Diego No. 25, San Diego.' Me
chanics' Pavilion and St. Francis; San Luis
Pbi?po No. 27, San Luis Qblspo. Mechanics'
Pavilion: . Santa Rosa No. 14, Santa Rosa.
Mechanics' Pavilion;' Saint Bernard No. 23,
San Bernardino; L'kiah No. 33. l"klah, Me
chanics' Pavilion; Visalia No. 2*,. Vlsalla. St.
Denis, 24 Turk street; Ventura No. 18. Ven
tura. Herbert. 1520 Polk street, and Arno. 725
Ellis street; Vacavtlle No. 38, Vacaville. Me
chanics' Pavilion; • Woodland, No.' 21. Wood
land. Windsor. 904 Market street, and " Me
chanics' Pavilion; Watsonvill* No. 22, Wat
sonvllle. Mechanics' Pavilion.
Canada— Grand Commandery, : Victoria,
Vancouver delegation. .
: Colorado — Grand Commandery. Grand Hotel;
Denver Club. Denver, Manhattan. 1704 Market
street; Pueblo Club, Pueblo, Stevenson. 807
California street.
I Connecticut — Grand Commandery. Palace-
Hotel: Hamilton No. 5, Bridgeport, Oliver,
809 Pine street; New Haven No. 2, New
Haven, Netherlands, 20 Turk street; Wash
ington No. 1, Hartford, Pleasanton, 800 Sutter
District of Columbia — Grand Commandery,
Palace Hotel; Washington 'Club, Washington,
Hotel Savoy. .338 Tost street. ¦'¦'¦". .
Florida— Grand Commandery. Grand Hotel;
Florida delegation. Jacksonville. Fremont, 1S64
Market. street .and Grand. JIoteL.
Georgia— Grand Commandery. Palace Hotel.
Illinois — Grand Commandery, Palace Hotel;
Apollo No. 1. Chicago.' Essex, 140 Mason
street; Cairo No. 13, Cairo. Atlanta;- 452 Ellis
street; Chicago No. 19. Chicago. Cecil, 960
Bush street; Lincoln Park -No. 64, Chicago.
Sequoia, SOS Geary street; Montjole No. .53,
Chicago, Sophronki, 600 Jones street: Ottawa
No. 10. Ottawa, Hatton. 977 Pine street; Peoria
No. 3, Peoria, San Marco.- 536 Taylor street;
St. Bernard No. 35. Chicago. .Sequoia, 808
Geary stre- t: Urbana No. 16. Urbana. .
Indiana — Grand- Commandery, Palace Hotel:
Frankfort No.29. Frankfort, 1006 Halght street:
Hammond No. 41. Hammond, the Kyle. -230
Powell street; Kekomo No. 36, Kokomo. 1006
Hatght street; Washington No. 33, Washington,
the La Normandie. 32S Eddy street; Raper
No. 1« Indianapolis, — -; Crawfordsvllle No.
25V Crawfordsvllle, ; Greenfield '¦ No. ' 39,
Greenfield. . - :• ¦ >> -' :
- Iowa — Grand Commandery. Palace Hotel;
Temple No. 4. Des Moinesv the Cecilern. 93U
Van Ness avenue.
Kansas — Grand Commaodery. the Geary, 239
Geary street:- Oswego No. 7, Cswego, 'the
Geary,: 239- Geary • street; Kansas delegation.
Kansas City, the Geary. 239 Geary street.
'Kentucky — Grand Commandery. — — ; De Mo
lay No. 12. Louisville. Grand Hotel; Louisville
No. 1, Louisville. St. Francis. Powell and
Geary streets; Marlon ;No. 24, Lebanon,
Rochambeau, 4M Ellis street. -- -
. Louisiana— Grand J Commandery. Grand Ho
tel. " ' ?: '
¦ Maine-^Grand -Commandery. Palace Hotel;
Portland . N6. . 2, Portland, Russ House, 215
Montgomery street.- ' '¦•. -
Maryland — Grand Commandery. Palace Ho
tel :• Maryland delegation, Baltimore. Savoy.
33a Post street.- • -.<•"••'¦- -
* — Grand Commandery Palace
Hotel; 1 Boston No. 2. Boston. St. Francis; Cam
bridge No. 42, Cambridge. Commercial Hotel.
132 Montgomery avenue: Coeur de Lion No. 34,
Boston, Nordhoff, 939 Bush street: De Molay
No -7. Boston. St. Nicholas. 1630 Market
¦treet. and Bradbury. 1604 California street;
Last evening the official Knights
Templar programme for the conclave
was delivered at headquarters and
copies were immediately distributed
among the commanderies now in the
city. The programme in full is as fol
lows: . .
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3l
Day.
Golden Gate Commandery keeps open - house
at Golden Gate Hall. This continues through
out the conclave.
.California Commandery and twenty-one
others of this State will receive at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Xlsnt.
Grand Illumination.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Day.
Special services at various churches
Grand Encampment of the United Slates
will attend services at the First Congregational
Church, corner of Post and Mason streets, at
11 o'clock a. m. Special escort to and from
church. Golden Gate Commandery No. 16.
Evening.
California Commandery No. 1, in full Temp
lar uniform, will attend religious services in
the main auditorium of the Mechanics' Pavilion
at 3 o'clock p. m., Rev. Frederick W. Clam
pett officiating.
McKinley memorial sacred concert, under
the auspices of California Commandery No. 1,
at Mechanics' Pavilion, from 8 to 9:30 o'clock.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Day.
Receiving the officers of the Great Priory
of England and Wales and the dependencies
of the British crown. • • ¦ . ¦ ¦
Reception by Golden Gate. Commandery No.
18 at Golden Gate Hall. "
Ladies' reception at headquarters of Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1 from 2 to 5 p. m..
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Monday. September 5. Is a legal holiday In
California and - is known a? Labor day. The
Labor day celebration consists of a parade
in the morning; reunion of labor organizations,
with literary exercises, afternoon and even
ing, at Shellmound Park, Emeryville near
Berkeley. There will also be a celebration of
San Kranclrco Labor Council at the Chutes,
near Golden Gate Park, day and evening; fire
works during the evening. . ¦
Evening.
Performance by Chinese actors at the Grand
Opera-house, 8:16 to 10:15.
Reception at the Palace Hotel, under the
auspices of the ladles' committee.
The Grand Commandery of Pennsylvania and
the Sir Knights of Pennsylvania will tender
a reception to all Knights Templar and their
ladies In the Marble and Maple rooms of the
Palace Hotel, 8 until 10 o'clock.
Exhibition drill and band concert, Malta
Commandery Drill Corps. Binghamton. N. Y.,
in front of the Palace Hotel, Market and New
Montgomery etreeta.
General reception by California Comman
dery No. 1 and other commanderies in the
Mechanics' Pavilion to Eastern visitors ¦' :
Reception' by Oakland Commandery No 11
at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street.
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery No
18 at Golden Gate Hall.
Open-air concert in Union square. Geary
Post. Stockton and Powell streets, from 8
to 11 o'clock.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6.
Morning.
Grand Templar parade, starting from the
corner of Geary, Market and Kearny street*
at 10 o'clock. .-..-;.,
Afternoon.
Opening of the triennial session of the Grand
Encampment at Golden Gate Hall, 625 ' Sutter
strtct. <. .
Reception by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at Native Sorw' Hall. 414 Mason street.
Evening.
Reception to grand master at Palace Hotel
Promenade concert in the nave of. the Ferry
buildintr, foot of Market street, 8 until 12. •<
Chinese play at the Grand Opera-house 8*15
to 10:15 o'clock. ,
Reception by Sacramento Commandery- No
2 at Pioneer Hall, Fourth street, near Market'
Reception by San Jose Commandery No 10 at
Mechanics' Pavilion. 1 ... -
Kec*j>tlon by Oakland Commandery No. 11
at 'Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street
Reception by Golden Gate Commander'y No
16 at Golden Gate Half -. '.. '
Reception by Pittsburg Commandery No. 1
of Plttsburg. Pa., to Sir Knights and ladies of
San Francisco and visiting- fraters and their
ladles at the commandery headquarters. Pal
ace Hotel, from 8 until 12 o'clock p. m. :-.
Exhibition drill and band concert by Malta
Commandery Drill Corps'. Binghamton, Nr Y.
In front of the Palace Hotel, • Market and New
Montgomery . streets.
Qi>en air concert "in Union Square, Geary.
Port. Ktorkton and Powell, streets, „ from 8
until 11 r. m.. .' r -
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7.
Morning. . • ",: '.-'
Session of Grand Encampment, Golden Gats
Hall. ' •• • •.--¦-
Competitive drill and presentation of prises,
baseball grounds. Golden Gate Park. 10 o'clock
Important Discovery Made
hy Professor of Carnegie
Museum in 3Iontana Creek
Designates Abodes of
the Various
It Is the Official Guide
During Week of
Conclave.
Headquarters Issues
Knight Templar
Programme.
Committee on Hotels
Compiles Fixed
Directory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Sept. 2.— Harry F. Morris
left this city to-day on the steamship
Eureka for San Francisco and ¦will ar
rive there about noon Saturday. Mor
ris goes in response to a letter from his
niece. Informing him that his sister,
who died recently in New York, had
left him a fortune of $500,000. Morris
is about 60 years old and has lived In
Eureka for some time. He was em
ployed in the Louvre cafe as a dish
washer, but gave up the position
Thursday night.
Morris was at one time connected
with the Farmers' and Merchants*
Bank of Los Angeles. Although he has
known of his fortune for several days,
he did not stop working until Thursday
night. He then told his companions of
his good fortune and said he would
have to work no more. He said that ha
would go East, get his money and then
return to Eureka to live.
Morris is a member of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Union and president of tha
Eureka Federation of Labor.
Hugh de Payers No. 20. Melrose, Russ House.
215 Montgomery street; Massachusetts delega
tion. Oaks. 119 Third street; Olivet No. 38.
Lynn. Commercial. 132 Montgomery avenue;
Springfield, Springfield. Commercial, 132 Mont
gomery avenue; Sutton No. 16, New Bed
ford. Knickerbocker, 1C06 Van Ness ave
nue; Trinity No. 32. Hudson. Oaks. 119 Third
street: Worcester No. 5. Worcester, Commer
cial. 132 Montgomery avenue; St. Omer No.
21, Boston. St. Francis.
Michigan— Grand Commandery. Palace Ho
tel; Peninsular. Kalamazoo. Reglna. 418 Turk
street. I_
Minnesota— Grand Commandery. Palace Ho
tel: Minnesota delegation, Goldaracena. Suttar
and Larkln streets.
Mississippi — Grand Commandery. Repeller.
781 Sutter street.
Missouri — Grand Commandery, Palace Ho
tel; Kansas City No. 10, Kansas City, no
hotel; Oriental No. 35. Kansas City. Alcalde.
725 O'Farrell street; St. Aldemar No. IS. St.
Louis, St. Nicholas. 1630 Market street.
Montana — Grand Commandery. Palace Ho
tel; Montana No. 3, Butte. Roanoke, 80S Busb
street.
Nebraska — Grand Commandery. Occidental
Hotel : Mount Calvary No. 1, Omaha, Occidental
Hotel.
Nevada — Grand Commandery. California Ho
tel; D« Witt Clinton No. 1, Virginia City. Cal
ifornia Hotel.
New Hampshire — Grand Commandery, Palace
Hotel; Trinity No. 1, Manchester. Phillips.
117 Sixth street. - • ? "
New Jersey — Grand Commanders'. Grand
Hotel; New Jersey delegation. Dufferln. 74»
Ellis street. •.•~»~-
New Mexico — Grand Commandery. Grand
Hotel.
New York — Grand Commandery. Palace Ho
tel; Apollo No. 15, Troy. Princeton. 710 Jones
street, and Berkshire. 711 Jones street; Central
City No 23. Syracuse. Metropolitan. 129 Third
street; Malta No. 21. Binghamton. Angelus.
530 Stockton street, and Stockton, 232 Stockton
street
North Carolina — Grand Commandery. Pan
theon, 462 Eddy St.
North Dakota — Grand Commandery, Palace
Hotel.
Ohio — Grand Commandery. Palace Hotel;
Cincinnati No. 3. Cincinnati. Dorches
ter. 1482 Sutter street. and Pendle
ton. SCO Sutter street; Garfleld No. 28.
Washington Courthouse. The Newton. Market
and Lai kin streets:. Uansellman No. 18. Cin
cinnati. Cumberland. 1078 Bush street; Mari
etta No. 36. Marietta. Stevenson. 807 Califor
nia street; Oriental No. 12. Cleveland. 'Wniard.
871 Turk street, and Jefferson. Turk street,
near Gough: Palestine No. 33. Springfield. Dor
cherter, 14S2 Sutter street, and Pendleton. 90O
Sutter street; Reed No. 6. Dayton. Dorches
ter. 1 1S2 Sutter street, and Pendleton, 900 Sut
ter' street.
Oregon — Grand Commandery. Palac« Hotel:
Malta No. 4, Ashland. Vendome. 1104 Market
street; Mellta No. 8, Grants Pass, 1008 Halght
street; Oregon No. 1. Portland. Lick Housa.
Palace Hotel and Greystone. 66 Geary street;
Pendleton No. 7, Pendleton. Clifton, 233 Powell
•treet.
Pennsylvania— Grand Commandery Palaea
Hotel: Allegheny No. 33. Allegheny. Touralne,
408 Ellis street; Allen No. 20, South Bethle
hem. Palmetto. 322 Ellis street; Baldwin No.
11 Willlamsport Argyle, 234 McAllister street:
Couer de Lion No. 17. Scranton. Argyle. 234
McAllister street ; Corinthian Cbasseor Not. 63.
Philadelphia. Franklin, 1S04 Market street;
Golden Gate Club. Keynoldsvlll*, Santa Marts.
1233 Polk street; Kadosh No. 29, Philadelphia,
San Marco. 638 Taylcr «treet; Mary No. 3U,
Philadelphia. San Marco, 53« Taylor street;
Mellta No. 68. Scranton. Argyle, 234 McAllister
street; Mount Vernon No. 73. Hazeltcn, Pal
m«tto. 322 Ellin street: Pilsrrlm No. 11. Har
risburg. Russ House; Plttsburg No. 1_ Pitts
burg. Palace and California Hotels; Reading
No 42, Boyer party, Reading, Auditorium. 113
Kddy street; Reading Club, Reading, Elain*.
532 Turk street; Tancred No. 48. . Pltt&burg.
Colonial. Pine and Jones streets. Granada,
Sutter and Hyde streets. -
Rhode Island — Grand Commandery. ' Pmla«e
Hotel; Calvary No. 13, Provldenca, Edsrm«re.
731 Bush street; Holy Sepulchre No. 6; Paw
tueket.-Wellesley, 143S . California, street;- St.
John's No. 1, Providence. Edgmere, .731 Bash
South" Carolina— South Carolina" No, 1.
Charleston. Crocker. 915 Leavenworth ttr«et.
South Dakota — Grand Commandery. Grand
Hotel. -v- ••;-.:::• ; ',-''•_
Tennessee— Grand Commandery. Palace Bo-
Texas — Grand Commandery, Grand Hot si;
Texas delegation. San Antonio. Mantros*. 10&
Van Ness avenue.
Utah— Utah No. 1. Salt take City. Atlanta.
432 Ellis street; El Monte No. 2, Ogden. At
lanta. 452 Ellis street. - i
Vermont — Grand Commandery, Palace Hotel;
Vermont Club. White River Junction, 8sti
Marco, 536 Taylor street, and Adams. 29 Eddy
street.
West Virginia — Grand Commandery, Palac t
Hotel.
Washington — Grand Commandery. Palace
Hotel; Seattle delegation.' Seattle, — — ;
"Whatcora delegation,. Whatcom. .
Wisconsin — Grand, Commandery. Grand Ho
tel; Ivanhoe No. 24, Milwaukee. Holland. . 10OT
Bush street.
Wyoming — Grand Coxnmaadery, Palace Ho.
teL • -•' • •
¦Gold Is lteinq: Extracted
From a Blind Lode That
Js Fortv Feet in Width
•
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALT LAKE. Sept. 2. — Goldfield,
Xevwda, is witnessing the beginning of
a ruth such as no mining camp in the
"\\*m ha? seen in recent years. Already
a Ftempede has begun from all parts of
Nevada, and . the fever is likely to
spread to the surrounding States until
th« best days at Virginia City will be
discounted.
FINDS REMAINS
OF DINOSAUR
The strike that has caused all the
excitement was made in the Sandstorm
<laim. in the north edge. of Goldfield.
The ore runs 5S000 in free -gold in an
enormous blind lode forty feet wide.
This value of $6000, it is claimed, has
never been equaled, and the extent of
•he ore body has intoxicated every man
within reach of the news with ideas of
fabulous fortunes.
When it is considered that ore run
ring $4000 in gold is so high grade that
it is not treated by the ordinary meth
ods of extraction, some idea of the
richness of the new find will be ob
tained. The Sandstorm ore will be
treated by the "wet" process, which
will necessitate its removal from Gold
field for treatment, because of the
scarcity of water in that camp.
The excitement at Goldfield is said
to surpass that caused by the great
V.~h!te Pine discovery of the early
sixties.
Declares He Will Eeturn to
Humboldt County After He
Gets Possession of Money
OHE FABULOUSLY KICK
GOES TO CLAIM ESTATE
Eureka Dishwasher Falls
Heir to a Large Fortune
Left by Sister in East
Stampede Promises to Equal
That Following the White
Tine Discovery ill the GOs
MINERS RUSH
TO GOLDFIELD
HALF-MILLION
AWAITS MORRIS
CONCLAVE COMMITTEE COMPLETES PROGRAMME FOR WEEK'S
EVENTS AND MANY MEMORASLE FUNCTIONS ARE ASSURED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
2
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load of , .
. GRIFFIN EXTRA
CATSUP, and TOM ATQ SOUP
FREE TO. WANT.', AD. PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
Those bringing to TlfE CALL
office, either Thursday, l>""riday
* or Saturday, a want ad. will re-
>ri\,> a bottle, of Griffin Extra
Catsup and also a cun of <«rif.
fin Extra Tomato Soup, made by
California Fruit ' Cannefs' Awi.
dp tlon, free.
Sec announcement . on classl-
fled pase.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
SIGH HEADACHE
I! ' " ' % iPoaitlTely cured by
f*ADTTDC the-witttie phis.
OMiM Lf\O They also rellerre Dta-
SR3i»wi f< tress troai Dyspepsia. Ia-
»^3ITTLE at?resuon and Too Hearty
[^ 'I \f r EJ Eatlrg: A pertect re m-
KS ¦ Jf t r\ edyfer Dizziness. Nausea.
ij FILLS* Dro^slaess. Bad Taste
_CT_. __.F5J to ttQ ilontH. Coated
jfeff^£HCT Tonpie. Pain in the side.
i^s^^SS. Jtorpid ltver. Tnaj
regulate tl»e Bowels. Purely VegetaWe.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSL SilAlLPRICE.
•ARTERSl CDRE SICK -^^^achb-
. Genuine Must Bear . "*,
SLY?? Fa>Simil8 Signaturt *
i Piu-S. r — -ASTORIA, Or., Sept. 2.— TWo logging
trains came tggether on the game
track at Deep River logging camp late
yesterday afternoon and four men
were seriously injured and a boy
killed.
•S* : : : z&
Logging Trains in Collision.
'Art Notes.
Visitors to our city. : and the public
generally, are cordially invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. *New.collec
tions of the very latest things in pictures
and fraijes. ' Sanborn, Vail' & Co.. 741
Market street. ~ •
Murderer Pays the Extreme Penalty.
SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 2.— Charles
C. Clark, .who murdered Leila Page in
Olympia In' March/1903, was hanged at
5:20 this morning 'in > the State Peni
tentiary at Walla Walla. : He made : no
speech, but left a message ' to his
mother at; Olympia which has not been
made public. „
All Registered Voters
Are ; requested - to call , and ¦ sigh ¦ petition
for higher liquor, license^ at, Civici Coun
cil.: 29 Columbian building. 916 Market
street.;? Open from 9 a. m. to 9 p." m. un
til September 8. ' *
TWO, DIE AND A' THIRD
IS REPORTED NEAR DEATH
Strange Is the Fate of Three Mem
bers of n Family In .
Indiana.
'- LA PORTE., Ind., Sept. 2. — William
Henry Peele of Stark County died yes
terday; morning. Yesterday afternoon
the .news was received of the death
at Indiana Harbor of Mrs. Jennie
Hcsmer, a sister of Peele. and this
morning ; Mrs. ; James Harter, another
sister of ' Peele" and Mrs. Hosmer, ia
reported dytng.;>^ffiHi|^M|gBWj
" Shock killed the Indiana Harbor
woman «and the sudden . bereavement
probably will cause the death of -Mm'
Harter.
Escape From Federal Penitentiary.
.TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 2. — Harry
Chester and \V. Weinberr. two des
perate convicts, escaped from tha Fed
eral penitentiary, on McNeils Island
yesterday.* Both convicts were sen
tenced at Nome.
Mixture Causes Death of Six Indians
and Brings Fonr Others Close to
Grave's Brink.
KOLLA. N. D., Sept. 2.— Six full
blooded Indians of the Turtle Moun
tain' reservation were , found dead to
day from drinking wood alcohol and
lemon extract and four more are dying.
An investigation by officials is now
taking place
WOOD ALCOHOL AND LEMON
.EXTRACT A KILLING DOSE
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. j2. — The
salmon pack this year' will* be about
75 per cent of the average, owing to
the poor run of salmon during the first
part of the season, bad weather and
trouble l>etween the cannery men and
their help. It amounts to 104,800 cases,
against about 150.000 last year, and,
based on last year's prices, should be
worth in the neighborhood of $450,000.
Salmon Pack Will Be Light.
Government '.Will Exhibit nt Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 2.— There will
be a Government' mint in full operation
at the Lewis and Clark exposition. The
visit of Secretary Shaw to the exposi
tion grounds Wednesday had the effect
of gaining his sanction to the estab
lishment of the mint. The mint will
be an active exhibit and will be placed
where the processes, of making money
may be viewed by all.
Deal .Gives- Chicago Another . Line in
Direct Connection .With
San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2. — The News to
day says:
"The Chicago and Alton Railway has
passed to the ownership of the Un
ion IJifciflc. By the purchase of the
Alton line by. the Harriman ijrterests
Chicago now has another line of rail
way In direct connection with San
Francisco.
VAt Kansas City the Union Pacific
system 'connects with the Chicago and
"Alton and gives E. H. Harriman a
through route from Denver, complet
ing . the direct route from Chicago
to San Francisco."
IIARRIMAX INTERESTS BUY < //
THK CHICAGO AND ALTON
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 2.— Professor
Edmund S. Meany of the University of
Washington, Seattle, Is here conferring
with-the members of the British Colum
bia Natural History Society with a
view to securing its co-operation in the
erection of two monuments on San
Juan Island, in the gulf of Georgia,
one at the American cam? aiid one. at
the British camp. Th£se are to com
memorate the excitinff historical events
which took place there early in the last
century.
Monuments for San Juan Island.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2. — In the Su
preme Court of the District of Colum
bia to-day Justice Anderson issued a
rule'directlns Thomas E. Waggaman.
treasurer of the Catholic,. University
and. trustee for n. number of persons,
from whom he received money for in
vestment, to show cause on Septem
ber 6 why a receiver should not be
appointed for his estate.
Treasurer of Cntliolic University
Ilnled Into Court to Show Why
, Ortlrr Should Not Issue.
MAY APPOINT' RECEIVER
FOR AVAGGAMAN'S ESTATE
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 2.— A Wash
ington special says: Under recent bids
the quartermaster's department condi
tionally accented the proposal of
Charles Nelson of San Francisco tu
furnish 801,000 feet of nine and hem
lock, and White Brothers of San Fran
cisco to furnish 62,000 feet of hardwood.
The Puget Sound Lumber Company of
Tacoma was awarded a contract for
370,000 feet of white pine arid hemlock.
Quaitormaster General Humphreys de
sires to shin this entire cargo on the
transport Dix, and she will load at
Portland or Tacoma, according to the
place of delivery selected by the San
Francisco bidders.
Lumber Contracts Arc Awarded.
6AX HAF.AEL. Sept. 2.— A bru*h fire start
ed thlp morning on th* hills near Larkspur
and had a *trun*r uind been blowing a serious
conflagration mi^ht liavo r«-»ulted. The fire
made Its way toward Kontfleld and for a
time Mrs. Kent's beautiful home was thrcat-
GALVESTON, Sept. 2.— The agents
of the Agricultural Department in
Texas are wondering what has become
of the ants they imported from, Guate
mala at so much care and expense in
the hope of exterminating the boll
weevil, which is infesting the Texas
cotton fields with # such dire results.
The ants mysteriously disappeared
last night.
Whether this was due to climatic
causes or to the formation of the soil
is not known. It is known, however,
that the farmers in the vicinity of
Washington Heights, where the ants
were kept, objected to their intro
duction into that community, but
there is'no proof that they are respon
sible for the disappearance of the in
sects.
Officials Puzzled by 3Iystcrious Disap
pearance of Imported Enemy
of the Boll Weevil.
WONDER WHAT BECAME
OF THE GUATEMALAN ANTS
CENTRAL, MKTHODIST CHURCH. — Th«
Central Methodist Church held its fortieth
anniversary last nlsht In the Sunday school
rooms. Rev. Georse W. White, pastor of the
church, pr^sldeci at th* banquet and reunion
held In celebration of the occasion.
SALINAS. Sept. -\ — Salinas experi
enced a sharp shock of earthquake, suf
ficient to awaken sleepers, this morning
about 6:30 o'clock. No damage waa re
ported.
Kurtliqiinke Shock Felt at Salinas.
The bride could not speak a word
of English and Mrs. R. J. Good acted
as interpreter. After tho ceremony
the couple were given a wedding sup
pex and leave to-morrow for their
eastern Shasta home. ,
. RKDDING. Sept. 1. — A pretty lit
tle romance that had its beginning
in Fiiila:nl a quarter of a century
ajio ended in Redding to-day, when
Charles Smidts and Maria Mangs
were married by Rev. R. E. Wenk of
the Presbyterian church- Twenty
five* years agro hi the old home in Fin
land t-midts and Miss Mangs were en-
A few days after their en
ssfgement left his old home to
make his fortune in America. He 5s
row a prosperous farmer at Elena in
this county and has saved up enough
of this world's goods to support a
wife. He recently sent for his fiance
and she came here to meet him.
Rfjimsncc That Had Its Beginning In
Finland lias Its landing in
Shs»!»ta Comity.
WAITS QUACTEK CENTURY
roil MAX or HER CHOICE
A check for $355, signed by J. T.
Newell and made payable at the Hol
comb National Bank of Holct-mb, Mo.,
was found, but on this was the nota
tion. "Returned— no funds."
Lowe told the police he was a nephew
of T. F. C. Lowe, one of the wealthiest
citizens of Pasadena; Cal., and presi
dent of the Mount Lowe Railroad Com
pany. To the police Lowe confessed
that he was a confidence man and had
come to the World's Fair to follow that
occupation, but insisted that his young
wife, formerly Miss Mae Boudln, whom
he married c-n July S in St. Paul, was
innocent and did not know his true
character.
San Francisco detectives at Four
Courts, identified Lowe as a resident of
San Francisco and said they were in
clined to believe his statement regard
ing his wealthy relatives. >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
,- STALOUIS, Sept. 2.— The honeymoon
visit of William R. Lowe, alias Richard
E. Golden, of San Francisco, a confi
dence man, was interrupted to-day
when he attempted to lead astray De
tective Humble, who was disguised as
a farmer. Lowe was taken to Fc-ur
Courts, where a search disclosed secret
veat pockets containing $233 in counter
feit greenbacks and a check for $1150,
signed by John J. Randolph and made
payable at the Denver National Bank
to R. C. Luther.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 2.— The
"Holy Jumpers" have nearly all left
the county of San Bernardino, only a
few of« the "men remaining behind to
finish the building contracts the car
penters of the'band had secured.
Thursday night at Redlands a mob
of some '300 persons congregated
around their place of worship, but the
police maintained order. Same boys
threw a few sticks and stones and
there was considerable hooting. The
Jumpers, in spite of their boast that
they glory in persecution, failed to
leave the house. This morning some
of them came to this city and made
haste to the railroad station, where
they purchased tickets for L03 An
geles. They refused to say where they
intended going from Los Angeles; but
it /is., believed they are heading for
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Members of the New Sect De
cide That Southland Is
Getting Too Hot for Them
William K. Lowe of San
Fraiu'iseo Is Arrested by
-the Police of St. Louis
A picture and description of Dunham
were ser.t to Brooks this evening.
It !s believed that the lellow is somi;
one wanted somewhere else and
wants to fool his captors by claiming
he is Dunham. The Sheriff's office
believes that it Is a case of but another
of the many suspects who are arrested
and perhaps may be Charles Crlll, who
a. couple of years ago declared he waa
Dunham in order to get a trip from
Kansas to California.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2.— The Dunham
suspect under arrest in Arizona and
who claims to be the sextuple Camp
bell murderer, is not belitved by.Sherltt
I-angforoLto be the man wanted?*cThl3
belief' isfbased-on^the fact that'Dun
ham;& two ar.d a half incites taller
than tho prisoner, who was traveling
under the .name of Fred Douglass.
Dunham is 5 feed 11*4 inches in height,
with a complexion Inclined to be dark,
while tlie suspect is only 5 feet 9 inches
tall and of light complexion. The of
ficer of the Arizona Rangers who mads
the arrest in a dispatch to Sheriff
Langford does not appear confident he
has the murderer in custody. The Ari
zona officer made no attempt to notify
the officials here of his capture and it
was not until an inquiry was sent to
him that a message came. The answer
was as follows:
XACO.. Ariz., Sept. 2. — .It. J. Longford.
Sheriff: Arrested Fred Douglass and lie con
fessed this mcrnlns. before two Rangers, that
ho had killed Ms wife In California. Man
about .18 cr 40 years, helcht 5 feet (1 Inches.
Inclined to b? Urrht competed, blue eyes.
He says lie !s Dunham, ile may say this,
howevtr, to throw us off. Man who Is from
your npi^hbortioctl anJ who saw him last night
pronounced him Dunham, but was not positive
in his statement. Will hold him until Identity
Is established. If you have photograph of
Dunham, forward her; Immediately.
J. J. BROOKS.
Sheriff I^angford Believes Arizona
Prisoner Is I in posing on Officers.
DOUBTS SUSPECT'S STORY.
Judge Bonham's daughter is es
teemed by her friends in Salem as a
lady of good qualities, but easily led
by designing persons. While she re
sided in Calcutta, where her father
was United States Consul in the '80s,
she fell In love with a young English
attache of the English Embassy and
married him His name was Charles
Abbott. They returned to Oregon to
live, but he proved to be idle and. worth
less and was sent back to India. Mrs.
Abbott secured a divorce about a year
ago. Her present husband, to whom
s>hc was married last Monday, is a. re
cent graduate of the Capital Business
College of Salem. . : ,
PORTLAND. Sept. 2.— A bride of less
than a week, the daughter of Judge W.
F. Bonham of Salem, former United
States Consul to India, former postmas
ter of Salem and one of the best known
attorneys in the Pacific Northwest, is
in the City Jail with* her husband, Clay
Larkins. The bride and groom are held
on a larceny charge.
The jrroom Insisted on stripping the
room which they occupied on their
marriage night of all things movable.
The next night the same thing took
place in a different lodging-house. Bed
ding, pillows, towels and a rug were
taken by the husband despite the tear
ful protestations of his wife. When the
detectives tound the couple in their
room at the Rutlands lodging-house,
310'/2 First street, last night they also
found a quantity of silverware which
had been reported missing within the
last few days. Some of the ware is
known to have been taken from
Kruse's restaurant. A number of other
pieces cf silverware are at the police
station awaiting owners.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WEDDING TRIP
ENDS IN CELL
HOLY JUMPERS
ON THE MOVE
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.— The fol
lowing Oregon rural carriers have
been appointed: Scio. Ward Cyrus,
regular; John E. Cyrus, substitute.
Beaverton. William H. Boyd, regular;
Kuby A. Boyd. substitute.
Army order — First Lieutenant Jo
seph R. McAndrews, First Cavalry,
will, upon the expiration of the leave
of absence of which he availed him
self at San Francisco, proceed to join
his troop at Fort Sam Houston, Tex.
Navy order — Passed Assistant Pay
master E. A. McMillen is detached
from the navy yurd. Mare Island, and
ordered to the naval station. Guam.
Orders Issued Changing Duties of .
Army and Navy Officers and Knral
Carriers Appointed.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bride and Groom of Less
Than a Week Are Arrested
on a Charge of Larceny
END HONEYMOON
IN PRISON CELL
DEFEXDAXTS IX LAXD FRAUD
•X.CASE HELD FOR TRIAL BY
JUDGE DE HA VEX.
" A curious feature of the robbery is
the fact that tho house was not torn up
..r disturbed. It is thought that the
heirlooms were taken by some one who
had atct'FS to the house and knew the
value of the old treasures.
The disappearance of the relics is
f-hrouded in mystery. Mrs. Vanderleck
was. away from home, and came back
tu find her house perfectly in order.
'.Vhen she happened to look for the old
treasures she lound that they were all
misting;.
The Vanderlecks and the police made
an effort to keep quiet what is known
to have been a mysterious, wholesale
robbery. The story leaked out, how
#ver, through ihe issuance of a war
rant, which was placed in the hands of
detectives who are searching for the
property, which is valued at many
thousands of dollars. The search war
rant enumerates, among other things
stolen, two gorgeous fans of carved
Ivory and Duchess lace. They were im
ported from France for the Sepulveda
ladies in the days before the gringo
came. Tht-y had been in the family for
nearly a century. Among "the other
missing articles are several silk bed
spreads i:n:>orted from China by Don
Jose Sepulveda, several shawls of rare
value, old Spanish lace and heavily
embroidered cloth. Some of the articles
had I»cen in the family for a century
and a half and were brought from
fspain.. Jeuels, rings, old gold neck
laces cf a design never successfully
tupied by modern goldsmiths, curious
f>\6 arms and a complete bridle made
• if heavy link* of solid silver are also
missiTg.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.— Priceless
heirlooms, relics of the old hidalgo da>'3
of California, have disappeared from
thf home of Mis. H. Vanderleck of 501
West Thirty-first street. Mrs. Van
derleck is a descendant of Don Jose
Sepulveda. who in the old days was the
grandee of the great San Joaquin
rancho. The heirlooms came from his
family. *» .
Special Diipatch to The Call
Colonel McGHncy returned first an>l
was shot and badly wounded. His
stepson, James K. Wells, ran to his
assistance and was shot through the
heart. McGHncy ran ;to a nearby
cabin, followed by Dunham, who fin
ally shot hLni fatally, and then shot
and killed Robert A. Brlsco, who had
given the old man shelter In the cabin.
It had been believed for years that
Dunham was In Mexico and in the
course of the search for him a China
man and an Italian were found in Ari
zona v. ho claimed to have seen him.
They said they talked with him. hav
ing known him In California.
Dunham's crime was committed Ma>
26, 183G, at a ranchhbusa between Los
Gates and San Jose." His victims num
bered six persons, three men and three
women, all members of his own family
and employes of the ranch. The only
survivors were his baby son and a
ranchhand. Dunham first entered -his
wife's apartments, and,- after permit
ting her to write a note, strangled' her
to death. Minnje Schlessler, a maid
servant, entered the room and he
brained her with an ax. Mrs. Colonel
R. P. McGHncy, stepmother of Mrs.
Dunham, next entered the room and
was dispatched after the .manner^ of
the previous victim. The three men
who afterward foil by his hand were
at the time iwav from home and he
waited for their, return.
PKOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 2.— Captain
Thomas Rynning of the Arizona Rang
ers this afternoon reported to Governor
Brodle from Dousrlas, upon the Mex
ican line, that he had captured John
C. Dunham, the notorious California
murderer, * who has been '• diligently
sought for throughout the country for
the. last eight years. He also reported
that Dunham had confessed to the
commission of . the horrible murders
that made him a wanderer upon the
face of the earth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hangers Report to Governor
Brodie of Arizona That
Suspect Admits His Guilt
Treasures That Had Been in
Family for a Century and
a Half Are Taken Dur
ing the Owners Absence
JEWELS AM) COSTLY
LACKS AKE MISSING
Kelics of the Old Hidalgo
Days of California Mys
teriously Disappear From
a Los Angeles Residence
Francis J. Heney, special assistant to
the Attorney General, last night spoke
as follows concerning the case:.
X few weeks ago United States Circuit Judxe
The defendants also resist remov«: upon
the grc.iind that section 1014 of the Revised
S;atun» does not authorize the removal of a
defendant from one judicial district of th#
United Bute* to the District of Columbia for
trial. This question was presented In the cases
of In* re Buell. 3 Dill. IIS. Fed. case No. 2102.
and In re Benson. 130. Ked. 4<?6. and It was
held in both that section 1014 of the Revised
Statute*, when rend in connection with ether
ttatutes of the United Sut««. gives ample
authority for such removal, and Judge Dillon,
delivering the opinion of the court in the first
case, used the following language, which 1
adopt as a,n expression of my own views:
'The District of Columbia Is not a sanctu
ary to which persons committing offenses
against the United States may fly and be
beyond the reach of Justice, nor is the Uw so
defective that per»on» . there ¦ committing such
offenses and escaping or found elsewhere can
not be taken back there for trial."
I do not deem It necessary to discuss other
questions presented in the - brief of counsel,
many of them, such as those going to . the
jr.er* form of the Indictment, being for th«
exclusive determination of the court In which
the indictment wai found. The others have
been fully considered and it will be ' sufficient
to cay that in my Judgment they are not suf
ficient to Juetlfy me In refusing to Issue the
warrant applied for. The application for war
rant of removal Is rranted. £S&i$55&M833B|
The court added that "to my mind it
Is clear that the word 'owner* as there
in referred to refers to one who holds
both the legal and equitable title to
patented lands-" The opinion then says:
My conclusion therefore upon this point is
that the defendants In combining together to
obtain the title to public lands of the '.ini'.i 1
States in exchange for lands to which thty
held only the naked |e*al title, the equittb!
titie thereto being in the States of Caltfun:!a
and Oreron. conspired to defraud the «Jr-'ted
States within the meaning of section 5149 of
the Rev'.K-l Statutes.
The court then points out that It was
the object of the alleged conspiracy
to enable the defendants to obtain a
perfect title to certain public lands in
exchange for school lands situated in
forest reservations, to which they held
"only naked legal title." The law un
der which the exchange of lands re
ferred to was to be made wa3 then
quoted.
The indictment is certainly subject to v-»ry
sa»ere criticism because of lack of pr»_"*lcn
and Mnrleness In its statement of facts; but
I think that upon cons'deration of all of Its
all-cations the first count may be construed
.- > charring in substance that the defendant*
entered into a conspiracy to obtain from tha
United States title to public lands situate out
xl<ie of forest reseri'atlons In exchanse lor
school landi within forest reservation!". an«i
In the names of i.ersons whose application* to
purchase were to be supported by tns fal«J
and fraudulent affidavits referred to In the l.\
dUtin»r.t.
If nuch l» the true constructor! of the in
dictment th<re can be no doubt that it fuf
ficit-ntly chanres the defendants with a- con
spiracy to defmud the I*n1t»d States out of
the title to the lands which It might • Bive
in exchange for Fii?h fictitious title*. A patent
ituued !n the name of a fictitious person con
veys r.o title. It is not simply voidable, but
Is absolutely void. 7
The defendants r»*ift removal and ln«l«t
that tli* facts set out in the indictment do
not FUfflcle-ntly charge them xvlth a eoti
rpiracy to defraud the t"nited States wlth'n
the meaning of section 5440 of the Revlsr-d
St&tStM. It !¦ well settled that in an ap
plication for a warrant o% removal under sec
tion 1014 of the Kcvifoi) Statutes it Is tne
duty of the Judg? to inquire into the suf
ficiency of the indictment, where ths applica
tion for removal Is based upon the Indictment
alone, and if in ruch cane the indictment does
not tharce an offense thj warrant should be
refused. Tlie ftrFt question then for consid
eration at thin time is that which relates to
the sufficiency of ihe indlctmtnt. Do the
fact* *ft fort 1 * In the flm count show that
defendants entered into a conspiracy to defraud
th»- l.'mtt-d States out of the title to any of
Its :>ub»c ian<ts? • • •
Continuing the opinion states
Judge de Haven stated that the ap
plication "of the United States Attor
neys for a warrant is under section 1014
of the Revised Statutes. The indict
ment contains forty. two counts, and
the first one, he says. Is the only one
that will be necessary to consider.
The opinion then cites the charges
against Hyde and Dimond of attempt
ing to "defraud the United States Gov
ernment out of large tracts of public
lands open to selection under the laws
of lieu lands included within the limits
of the forest reservations established
and to be established in the States of
California and Orepon." The specified
charges in the indictment are then
cited.
There were few persons present in
court in the forenoon when Judge de
Haven rendered his decision, and a tel
ephone message to Garret McEnerney
brought him to the scene. After court
had adjourned at the noon recess there
were lively times in and about the cor
ridors, it being reported that the de
fendants would be forced to take the
evening train for Washington did they
not succeed in staying proceedings or
securing bonds. After a consultation
with the prosecution and defense Judge
Morrow agreed to hear the petition to
day, but it is probable that the case
will be permitted to go to Washington
on the decision as rendered by Judge
de Haven.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday caused a sensation in the
case of the Government versus Henry
P. Dimond and Frederick A.
Hyde by deciding that they must
stand trial In Washington, D. C. He
answered the prarer of the United
States District Attorney and United
States Prosecutors Francis J. Heney
and Judge Pugh and furnished legal
definitions and interpretations that
were omitted in the decision of Judge
Lacombe of New York in the John A.
Benson trial.
According to the decision handed
down by Judge de Haven the defend
ants, Dimond and Hyde, charged with
having fraudulently secured lands be
longing to the United States, must be
taken Into custody of the United States
Marshal and removed to the District of
Columbia for trial. In the decision
handed down by the New York court
John A. Benson, arraigned on a similar
charge to that brought against Hyde
and Dimond. won his case against the
Government. Hyde and Dimond have
not been so lucky, and last evening
they spent the night In the custody of
deputy marshals pending the hearing
of the habeas corpus petition, that will
come before Judge Morrow of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
this morning at 9:30 o'clock.
was permitted to go to his
home on Jackson street with the deputy
assigned by Marshal Shine, and Dimond
retired to the seclusion of the Hotel
Plymouth. Bonds in the sum of 510.000
each were prepared for filing, with W.
R. Wheeler and W. R. Sherwood sure
ties for Dimond and H. C. Morris and
W. R. Sherwood securities for Hyde.
Garret W. McEnerney and Bert Schles
inger represented the defendant Hyde,
and Samuel Knight was in court for
Dimond. The bonds were not filed. It
being determined by the defense that
the accused go into custody pending
the hearing of the habeas corpus pro
ceedings to-day. . • -
CONFESSES THE CRIME
San Jose Officials Doubt the
Story of the Capture of
the Notorious Murderer
Dimond and Hyde in
Custody Pending
Petition.
PRICELESS
HEIRLOOMS
ARE STOLEN
DO NOT THINK
MAN IS DUNHAM
GOVERNMENT WINS POINT
IN FAMOUS LAND CASES
. -a , ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, SEPTEM BER 3. 1904.
Lacombe of New York, in passing upon this
same indictment in the Benson case," held that
Hyde and Benson, by conspiring to acquire
lards of the United States outside of forttt
rekervatlone. by offer-In* in exchange . for them
lar.ds lylnr ¦ within • forest reservations, which
were acquired from the Stales of California
and Oregon by ' fraud, did not commit ;¦ an
offense against the -United States. ; Judge La
combe gives no reasons and cites no authorities
in support of hl« opinion on this point,
¦whereas the opinion of Judge de Haven meets
this question- fully; fairly , and ; squarely. 'It
Is a s-tronp, sound and forceful: argument, and
is more - than • support? d , by the decisions of
the Suprem* Court- of. the United ; States which
be cites. The attorneys for : th«> Government
are. naturally .pleased , to, 1 have: their. . position
on this subject so ably, and clearly, expounded '
and they are confident that If the 'cnne. reaches
the Supreme Court of the -United States the
decision of Judge tie Haven .will be fully
sustained. • ¦ * • \
3
ADV't^KTISEaijEyTS.
"I h»T« used jmnr Talnsblo Caacarata and Bed
them p«rfect. C-viiiln't do without them. I ba*«
nsaU them for ioma timo for indigestion and bil-
ionsne** and am now completely cnr>d. Keeoin-
mend them to e»eryone. Once tri«d. joa will
nerer be without tli*m in the family."
Edward A. Uarz. Albany, K.T.
mf ft Jy The Dowels
CANDY CATHARTIC t^^
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Tante Good. Do Oood.
Kerer Sicken, Weaken or Grip*. 19e. Hc.Mc. Nnrer
•old in bnllc. The arannine tablet (tnmped Ct'C.
Guaranteed to cure or your xaoney back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. Ooa
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great j?
OF ANATOMY^
0 &$ 1031KAZSiaS?.t»t.5:bi7la,a.rC8L A
\ Cf The L*rj»« Anatomical Museum in the \
/) -Ar- World. >v «kow« oi any cnnitsct«<< Q
6j»gCj] diiet** pavlttvvly e«r»ri ny the oldest Y
ISjS\ 5p«e*ii»roB tieCout Eit. }6 yon. Q
ft j5]3r* £ D3. JOBDAN-D!SEASES 0? HEN A
\ ?rt£SftB Con«ult»tum free ind «ritt!7 prirate. \
A S I^Wf ti Treatment p-t*op.»liy or by leTter. A A
V A fir M B /"inan Curt ia tTCty case undertaken.* Y
ripS IA tVmefor Po«k. rniLOMOraVaf A
* l 1 a*Hnwor., mailed rzsa. (xy
v J M valuable boox (or mra) x
V DB. JUCDAH it tC. 1051 MArkttSL.S. F. "
GOKOaSHCBA AND CBI5ART DI3C3AS3S1
A CURE IX 18 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA UP.E-iT UESTORATIVE. tNVlGORA-
* tor and N«nrlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«etat '
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both saxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot tha
Kidneys, -and Bladder. Sells on Its own -nerHs.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
G;.« Market St., S. F.— (Send lor Circulars.) . '
. Pit. PlEpCK*g KEM12DIEC !
Keep your blood clean as you keep your ;
body cleaa. You don't wait until your
body is foul before you cleanse it .
¦it is a matter of surprise that nan» peo- '
pip who arc so careful to have clean bodies
make no effort to keep the blood clean. ¦
Everyone knows that uncleanness breeds ,
. dif.eas-j that those who do not keep their
bodies in a wholesome condition and who ;
*. ..cwcll tn filthy Rurronndingrs are the first to i
fall when some epidemic of disease sweeps i
the country. Eut foul blood is more dan-
• perous to the individual than a foul body. !
An unclean body is rather a passive than
i . an active hindrance to health. But unclean
blood is an active threat against the very
• .. Ufr— it makes the body a. prepared breed-
• - .mjr place for disease.
-"¦ I* J* part of Nature's plan for human
f afety that in many cases where the blood
is impure or corrupt she sets a 6ign on the
•¦" i** 1 ? in Proof of the corrupt current that is
• flo^jof through the veins. Scrofula with
its cisfigyring sores and scars, eczema with
i» irritation, ealt-rbeura, tetter, erysipelas,
boils, pimples and other eruptions are only
the outward signs of the impurity of the ;
blo6d. But often in the earlier or simp'er I
.stages of the blood's impurity there are no 1
outward signs of this condition; only dull
lang-nid, slucgrish feelings, which are com-
taosly attributed solely to the sluggishness
of the liver.
vi 0^^ 1 Preparations for purifying the
blood Dr. Pierce's Colden Medical Discov-
ery easily talcs the first place. It elimin-
ates iron the blood the elements which
• -CiOg and corrupt it, and which breed and
. feed disease. It acts directly on the blood- !
making glands, increasing theix activity,
ana so increasing the supply of rich, pure
blood which is the life of the body.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
*s rood" for diseases of the stomach,
. blood and lungs. i
• **• ¦*»««'• Medical Adviser, p»per cov. '
1 *5f* 8ent / r «* on receipt of n one-cent
««nips to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. K. V. Pierce, Buflalo, N. Y. '
i '_ _ ' - - - '.¦_;_ /_ . ._ _^^
A IN LP ; \s I 11 IH tv^»
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devotis theif.liyes to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists *of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of 'anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a; fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long" years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowel*, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating," that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in^its effects -as
Syrup of Figs, and they. are glad to sell it because.it gives universal satisfaction. 5
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and tho
immense demand for. it, imitations have been madp, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have Ithe name — " Syrup of Figs" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary -to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer, a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
" exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article'and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
CO » V A
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load. of
g3 GRIFFIN EXTRA
CATSUP ami TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
Those, bringing! to THE CA LL :
office." either Thursday, Friday
Vor Saturday.* a want ml. will re-
ceive; « bottle of Grlftin Extra
Cat»up i- and also a * can of Grlf-" '.
tin Extra Tomato Soup, made by
California ; Fruit . Canncrs' Asso-
ciation/ free.
..¦ ;See -announcement on , classil
; fled page. . . . ., ST. PETERSBURG, Sept." 2.—Nemi
rovitch Danclienko, Russian correspond
ent in the service of 'the Associated
Press, In a dispatch from Liaoyang,
dated August 31, says: - •¦-/ • • •
• "The Russian balloon corps has been
of the greatest service throughout the
-several days' fighting in finding the
Japanese advance through. the » thick
country of. Chinese, .cornfields," where
J apanese I columns frequently tried to
•-creep uu and. .surprise the Russian po
sitions. • . ,,
¦. "The Japanese. are using. lyddite, and
Sbimose^powder. The latter is terrific
in Its effects, and-.' its- brown*. haze ''is
easily distinguishable on .the. curtained
slopes < of the hills, ',, where .hundreds of
Japanese guns all day long poured in
a deadly rain of fire. • - ...
"The soldiers. are In excellent, spirits.
General Stakelberg is personally Cylsit
¦ing and inspecting the c various, posi
tions.- In. some ."of the batteries Jlt;has
been impossible to remove the. .killed
or wounded for three-days."
Enables Russians to Follow the Course
— *¦ of tbn Japanese Advance.
BALLOON CORPS EFFECTIVE.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 2. —After
having deliberated for four hours the
Jury returned a verdict of murder in
the flrpt degree late this- afternoon
against Walter Warner of Los Angeles,
for shooting and killing MarJe. Tamoyo
in this city on June 10. While there
viore no eyewitnesses to the shooting,
the prosecution wove a strong chain of
circumstantial evidence about the de
fendunt. No witnesses were called for
the defense and -Warnw declined to go
on the stand. > ;
*¦• Warner -visited the house where his
victim was staying and during an alter
'cation shot her: . Jealousy is said to
have been the cause. -., — if
Jlon-Wlio Killed Marie Tamoyo in
Santa Barbara Stands in Shadow
'-'¦¦ of SorSTolt!. -
J URY FINDS WARNER . , .
G UILT Y OF MURDER
have had an opportunity to read the
Japanese reports of the Port" Arthur
engagements and I find them inac
curate. The Russians have done much
damage to the Japanese warships
which has not been' reported by either
side." " -.
Captain Matouzevltch is still in the
hospital, but is improving. The other.
Russian wounded are convalescing.
"The Japanese made as many as
fifteen Ineffectual torpedo attacks in
ono night. Torpedo nets are of very
little use. When a ship is in action
they cannot be used successfully, as
they retard her speed and, hamper her
movements. If several ships are to
gether and they concentrate their
searchlights it is .almost; impossible
to successfully attack them 'with tor
pedoes. I do not agree with the crit
icr who say the battleship is a thing
of the past. In the Port Arthur move
ments the battleships, cruisers and
torpedo-boats did the work, cut out
for them.
. "Since I have been at Tsingchou I
"Much has" been learned about
mines, and torpedoes. The only de
fenso against, mines is good judgment,
or insight as to where they are likely
to be placed by the enemy. If it is
imperative that ships must go to that
vicinity, send 'sweepers' in advance.
The war lias demonstrated that the
most powerful searchlights cannot
pick up floating mines, .which .were
unknown before this war.
Captain .Matouzevitclr Enthusiastic
Over Wireless Telegraphy.
TSINGTAU, Sept. '2.— Captain Mat
ouzevitch, the late* Admiral Withoef t's
chief • of staff, who arrived, . here
wounded on the Russian battleship
Ctsarevitch on August 12, in an .inter
view to-day on the naval les'sons of
the war, said:
"I do not believe that the opera
tiens of either navy have demonstrat
ed anything which -will .materially
change naval warfare. The greatest
lesson hag been the usefulness of
wireless telegraphy. In the fighting
of August 10 we used the wireless
fiystem in signaling until the appar
atus was shot away. We found It
worked more reliably and -quicker
than flags. I believe that M the near
future every ship in all the navies,
even gunboats, will be fitted with
wirelea^ apparatus.
NAVAL LESSONS OF THE WAR.
TOKIO, Sept. 2. . .noon.— Admiral
Hosoya - reports . that; thu Japanese
guardshlj) near Tphtao,. south' of San
shantao,- near, Talieii; Bay, on! Sunday,
and'. Monday captured twdntyVslx • Chi
nese junks- which , were attempting to
carry; provisions into- Port . Arthur.
They 'were; taken ;. to i Talien- and were
tried and confiscated. - The crews were
released.
Chinese Junks? Captured,
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 2.— The
United States has protested to Russia
against. the Eeizure of the cargo of the
British steamship' Calchas, which was
captured while * bound from rPuget
Sound 'to: Japan by; the Vladivostok
squadron. The .protest, follows the
lines of the case of the Portland arid
Asiatic line steamship Arabia, seized
by. ; the Vladivostok squadron, . . in '; de
clining to recognize as of a contraband
character ' goods and foodstuffs in the
ordinary' course of trade' and not de
cigned for- the < use' of belligerents.
Wonts Satisfaction for the Seizure of
the Calchas' Cargo.
UNITED 'STATES PROTESTS.
General Oku replied, saying that in
the future they would be permitted
to witness. engaR-ements from a dis
tance.of four miles, whereupon Davis
and Fox, together with Melton Prior
and George Lynch, British corre
spondents, left the second army.
Lynch ; will make an attempt' to reach
Port Dalny. ,
CHEFU, Sept. 2.— Richard Harding
Davis and John Fox Jr., American
newspaper correspondents, have ar
rived here from the headauarters of
the second Japanese • army and will
leave for the United 'States September
S. They say that the foreign mili
tary attaches and newspaper corre
spondents with the second army wit
nessed the battle on Ausust ?6 from
a distance of eight miles and »tha.t
this was so unsatisfactory to them
that they united in a round robin to
the .Japanese authorities,' protesting
that, because of "this restriction upon
their mo^ments, their usefulness was
at an end.
Give Up Hope of Witnessing Opera
tions From Japanese* Lines.
WAR WRITERS DISGUSTED.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Mrs. G. Glen
Collins, according to an Intimate. friend
who recently returned • from Europe,
has not separated from her husband
and has no Intention of leaving him.
The friend In question, who is a promi
nent woman in society , here, declared
that no amount of influence on the part
of friends or relatives could induce Mrs.
Collins to part from the man to whom
she has plighted her troth. The words
which made beautiful Nathalie Schenck
the wife of Caotain Glen Collins last
spring in Monterey had a deeper mean
ing to this popular society girl than
they have sometimes conveyed to mem
bers of the. set. to which, she belongs.
Mrs. Collins* friend said: -.
*'I saw Nathalie and her mother the
day before I sailed for home, and I
begged her to return to this country
with me and let her husband fight out
his troubles alone. . :
" 'Don't ask me to do that, for I can
not,' replied Mrs. Collins. 'My heart is
bound up in him, and if he had to go to
prison. I' would go with him.' ," '
Mrs. Collins', friend did not hesitate
to say that her mother also desired her
to separate from her husband, and that
there- was no question that Captain
Collins is in pecuniary difficulties.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
GUAYMAS, Mexico, Sept. 2.— A dis
patch from Alamos, capital of the dis
trict pf that name, gives the first de
tails of a fire which swept the business
portion of that place and caused a loss
of more than $100,000. The fire started
in the warehouse of Panfilo, Santini &
Co., spreading to the stores of the com
pany, causing a loss of $60,000,- the
greater portion of which is covered by
Insurance. From the buildings of the
company it spread to the Waters»-Plerce
Oil Company buildings, and swept on
ward, taking a- whole block of small
stores. The fire department, the appa
ratus of which is somewhat obsolete,
was powerless, and the fire spread, on
unchecked until it reached a Jang, line
of one-story adobes, which resisted the
flames.' At that point the department
gained control. -rrv '
Alamos is not on a railroad, and as
the source of supplies for" the commu
nity and surrounding country has been
temporarily ciit off the fire will work
giieat hardship. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- The Sultan has asked the Prince of
Montenegro to supply him with a guard.
It is said that ; one. Albanian shot at
the Sultan, the bullet glancing off the
coat of mail which he always wears.
GENEVA, Sept. 3.— A high official of
the Ottoman court has received news
of a serious fight between the Sultan's
Albanian guard and Bosnians, which
continued almost to the doors of the
harem. Many were killed or wounded.
COLLINS' WIFE
REMAINS LOYAL
COAT OF MAIL
SAVES SULTAN
FLAMES SWEEP
MEXICAN TOWN
profit by the preliminary successes al
ready won. * '-?"/
The Morning Post concludes a careful
survey of the four days' fighting with
an opinion that the battle of Liaoyang
will take Its place beside that of .Wa
terloo and believes tfcat "whether or
not Kuropatkin's force is able* to con
tinue its retreat it will be broken and
useless for some time to come."
The Russian view that General Kuro
patkin, by crossing the river, divided
the opposing forces, meets with slight
consideration, as It Is'polnted out that
all the Japanese units can -. ; attack
simultaneously from different direc
tions, which eliminates any advantage
to the Russian side and really aggra
vates the seriousness of their position,
the Japanese force being superior in
numbers. .
The suspense with which the devel
opments at Llaoyang are awaited could
be scarcely greater in Tokio that it
is in London.
KUROPATKIN'S "FORLORN HOPE"
The Daily Telegraph, .which hailed
the initial successes at Llaoyang with
the degree~of finality, now admits that
"it, is not inconceivable that Kuropat
kin. may extricate. ,a portion of his
forces,!' ' though this Is /characterized
as 'the "supreme "jeffort "of a.' forlorn
hope." Tlie' Daily 1 Telegraph continues:
'/One "of.. the most exciting problems
ever known in war has been narrowed
down to. one point, namely, whether
a part of the retreating army will suc-
The list of casualties in the fighting
before Liaoyang is growing and the
indications are that it will prove to.be
the bloodiest battle since the Franco-
Prussian war. The calculations of
casualties must include the losses since
August 23, for the contest has been
practically continuous since then. The
Japanese have already reported more
than 25,000 men In killed and wounded.
Nothing concerning the actual occu
pation of Llaoyang has been received
here. Official dispatches indicate that
the Russians were sUll in possession
of Liaoyang this (Friday) morning.
'Few details of ! the • pursuit of; the
Russian right have been received here.
It- is evident that the Russians: are
moving back slowly," contesting the
ground and shielding their movement
as.'faV as possible. \
The fate erf the great bulk of., the
retreating Russian army hinges upon
the bravery and fortitude of its left
flank. Before falling . back General
Kuropatkin intended that his left, to
the eastward and northward of Liao
yang, should .be greatly strengthened
in the hope of . checking General Ku
roki's advance around his flank and to
protect his line of retreat and com
munication. The greater portion of
this protecting force seems to have
been massed in the neighborhood of
Heiyingtai, twelve miles northeast of
Llaoyang, where it was fiercely as-
sauited by General Kuroki at 11 o'clock
on Thursday morning. The result -of
this fighting is not known. If Kijrokl
wins and reaches the railroad, it/will
place the Russians in a serious predica
ment I
Yesterday the Japanese managed to
interfere, .seriously with the train ser
vice from Liaoyang. They used some
guns captured from the Russians, to
gether with some of their own, to bom
bard the 'railroad station at Liaoyang,
thus' preventing the entraining of, Rus
sian troops., ¦ ...
LIAOYANG NOT YET TAKEN. .
PRESSURE ON RUSSIAN LEFT.
a direct assault upon Liaoyang itself,
but devoted their energies to the troops
outside the city and an effort to cut off
the Russian Vetreat. Liaoyang is
strongly fortified jj and it is probable
that the Japanese will, not attack the
city directly until they have succeeded
in isolating It. Should the Russians
abandon Liaoyang, the Japanese, of
course, will enter.
General Kuroki's right is continuing
to press the attack at He'.yingtai, seek
ing gicmr.d whence its guns will domi
nate the railroad. The troops under
General kuroki are jaded and weary.
Th^y have been marching and fighting
since August 23, but in spite of this
they altackt-d with spirit. The Japanese
are confident that they already- have
swept l>aek 'the strong Russian force
with which they have been engaged,
and |t is probable that when the details
are known it will be found that 'a great
tragedy" was enacted to-day along the
Taitse River.
The Taitse is flooded and cannot be
forded. ¦ General Oku, in command of
the Japanese left army, has directed
his energies to forcing the Russians to
the river, and it is probable that many
were drowned there.
A private dispatch received here re
ports that grreat . fires are raging at
L'.aoyaijg. This statement is not con
firmed officially. " These' fires are be
lieved to have resulted from the Japa
nese shelling or from the efforts of the
Russians to destroy their stores prepar
atory to the evacuation of Liaoyang,
with the additional hope of injuring the
city as a future Japanese base.
RUSSIAN STRENGTH ESTIMATED.
Unofficial estimates place the Russian
forces in the vicinity of Liaoyang at
fifteen divisions, of 15,000 each. These
probably are excessive, but it is evident
that numerically the Russian forces ex
ceed the Japanese.
The ox>inion that the Russian casual
ti<is in the recent fighting will reach
30.0GO is confidently expressed \ In high
¦quarters here. Neither Field Marshal
Oyama nor the Japanese army com
uiandcrF has as yet estimated the Rus
tian lorscs.
It tccnis that the Japanese avoided
Th<? chief of staff of the center Japa
nese army. General Nodzu, telegraph
ing early this morning, reported that
the Japanese center xvas continuing to
adyancii to-day," with the object of tak
ing a line from Shinchiyen to Liaoyang
and effecting a rejunction with the
Japanese left, commanded by General
Oku.
IilHOKI PRESSES THE ATTACK.
The Japanese gained^ a foothold near
Hsinlintun on Wednesday afternoon,
and the telegram says that they occu
pied Hsinlintun and the eminences to
the west of Shoushanpao at 3 o'clock on
Thursday morning, after having deliv
ered a successful night attack, which
t-urprist-d the Russians.
The artillery captured by the Japa
iKse. which they are using against
Liaoyang'. is described as ten-centi
ir.oter suns. The number taken is not
given.
TOKIO. Sept. 2.— A telegram received
here from the chief of staff in the field
Indicates that General Oku, in com
mand of the Japanese left army, gained
the ascendancy over the Russian right
nod center by a night assault.
The Daily Graphic says: "We are in
the dark as. to -.the final outcome," add
ing that it seems not unlikely that
Kuropatkin may still manage to .carry
a fighting force with him to Mukden.
MAY XOT PROFIT BY VICTORY.
The other "critics doubt whether" the
Japanese, in the face of "indomitable
Russian pluck," are strong. enough to
The London daily- newspapers, In
their headlines, depict, the conditions
at Liaoyangas "Russian- route,!' "De
feat," etc. Their editorials, in a; more
careful vein, point 'out that the latest
dispatches leave the issues of the
"greatest battle of this generation" still
in doubt. . ¦
From the ' expert. British t point of
view, Marquis Gyama's sacrifices will
have been in vain unless he is able to
cut off Kuropatkin from Mukden. On
this point' there are chaotic hypotheses.
.LONDON*, Sept. 3.— English military
authorities neither share Tokio's jubila
tion over the result at Llaoyang nor
lay stress upon th^ advantage which
Russian dispatches attribute to Kuro
petkin's latest move. The best informed
observers, who have access to sources
of information not revealed in the dis
patches from Tokio and not given out
at St. Petersburg, declare that the bat
tle of Liaoyang, however dramatic and
historic In loss of life and tragic inci
dents, can have no serious bearing on
the eventual Issue unless the Japanese
have surrounded Kuropatkin.
. ' "We still : have to learn whether the
Japanese reaped the fruits' of victory in
such abundant measure: as to make the
battle thoroughly decisive-^the turning
point of the war. From the news thus
far available : there: seems to be a
strong probability that -they will -be
able to do so." : .' . -. • .
The Daily Telegraph's military critic,
in common with other English experts,
sees nothing but a superior Japanese
force and strategy to account for Gen
eral Kuropatkin's present position. This
authority predicts an endeavor on the
part of - the. Russian: force to reach
Chinese territory.
FEARS RUSSIANS WILL ESCAPE.
The Standard bluntly voices the
thought of many by asking: "Is it re
treat or rout?" The Standard says tha't
General Kuropatkin, in his "precarious
condition, is not without some pros
pects of avoiding the signal catastrophe
of surrender en masse if he can still get
away to the north. Even with the loss
of many guns and valuable supplies the
success of the Japanese wlll.be a good
deal modified."
The: Times compares the battle of
Llaoyang to those of Wagram, Leip
sig, Connigratz and Gravellotte, but it
says: ' V.. ' ' -~
ceed in tearing through Yentai, leaving
many thousands of men and some hun
dreds of guns behind them, or whether
General Kuroki will receive the ring by
hammering .blow6. Perhaps a seventh
day must, be waged before the issue
can be finally declared."
British Military Authorities Regard Japan's
Jubilation as Premature.
LONDON. Saturday, Sept. 3.— The Times' Tokio cor
respondent, cabling on Friday, says: "The, premature
rumors of the- fall of Liaoyang are repeated to-day, but
a careful "analysis of official reports shows that the Rus
sians have merely been driven into their last line of de
fenses, where they probably will make a desperate re
sistance. Three Japanese armies are closing around
TOKIO, Saturday, Sept. 3 (10:30 a. m.).— It is ex
pected that the main strength of Field Marshal Oyama's
forces to the southward will succeed this morning in
crossing the Taitse River. General Kuroki yesterday
captured a portion of the heights commanding Heiying
tai. and it is hoped that he will dominate the railway
to-day. The Russians appear to be gathering at the Yen-;
tai colliery, northeast of Liaoyang.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the War
Office received a, dispatch from'Peter
hof,. sent to the 1 Emperor last night
by General Kuropatkin, dated 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon. As com
municated to the press the dispatch
stated that an artillery battle pro
ceeded until 5 o'clock and that the
Russians were retiring ' upon z their
"main positions"; that General Ku
roki was attacking the Russian left,
north of the Taitse River; that the
railroad station, which is situated a
mile northwest of Liaoyang, had been
set on fire by Japanese shells; that
the station had been transferred across
the river to a point on the north
bank; 'that Kuropatkin had passed in
review the Third : Siberian, "Corps un
der General Ivanoff, which suffered
grtatly in the earlier stages of the
battle on the east front; and, finally,
that the Russian losses for two days
were 5000 killed or wounded.
'- The dispatch does not admit that
"General Kuropatkin is v withdrawing
across the. Taitse River' entirely. It
is possible that, owing to the pressure
of the Japanese, the Russian array,
as stated in the Tokio dispatches, was
thrown into confusion and greatly
hampered.
?.' GUNS COVEH"RETniE3IENTl
' • In the light " of *¦ the knowledge .that
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 2. — The
feet disclosed for the first time in
these dispatches last night that the
strongest Russian position prepared
by General Kuropatkin was not
around the town of Liaoyang, as the
public had been led to believe, but on
the north banlc of the Taitse River,
was a secret so' successfully guarded
that not even, an intimation of it had
leaked out. It Is now explained that
the Russian commander in chief had
all along expected that the Japanese,
when they made their advance on
Liaoyang. would pursue the identical
tactics which have been so successful
in every previous stage of the cam
paign, end while attracting attention
In front would attempt, .by a wide
detour, to outflank the Russian posi
tion. . .."'[. j
General Kuropatkin was not caught
napping. He was prepared for Just
what nas occurred and as soon as he
received . word that General Kuroki
had crossed the. Taitse twenty miles
above Liaoyang and was moving west
ward. Kuropatkin met the move by
throwing his whole army over at
night. By this strategy Kuropatkin,
In the opinion, of the General Staff,
gained an immense advantage. His
army Is concentrated on one side of
the river, and the road is still open
for his retirement, northward, while
the Japanese armies, which must act
In unison, are separated by the river,
which, places Kuropatkin in a posi
tion to oppose Kuroki with his whole
army, while Generals Oku and Nodzu
are stranded on the other side. This
give*, Kuropatkin a possible opportun
ity to imitate Napoleon's tactics and
dtfeaL. the opposing forces in. detail.
WORD FROM KUROPATKIN.
STRATEGY OF "SLAV FOX."
" The" report that Rear Admiral Ouk
tomsky, now in command" of the naval
forces at Port Arthur, is to be court
martialed lacks confirmation. The story
probably originated in the same sources
as the earlier report of his " deposition
and of his suicide at Port Arthur.
A' temporary ¦ lull ; in the fighting
Would n6t be surprising. The men on
both sides have already made almost
superhuman efforts,' 1 and" If Is thought
that there must soon -be a let-up of
s'ome sort; - ' -¦ • >.'•.¦
It is pointed out that General Kuroki
will have to make a considerable de
tour to reunite his forces. The bridge
heads abutting on the north bank of
the Taitse River are strongly defended
by intrenched artillery, while it is said
that there ia a strong rear guard still
on the south bank to contest the Japa
nese advance, thus making the bridges
utterly impracticable for a Japanese
crossing. The river itself therefore be
comes an important factor in the gen
eral'scheme of defense. 1 "" ' J
Continued and dogged confidence in
General Kuropatkin is expressed in
many quarters, and the public gener
ally, as well as many of the military
authorities, absolutely refuse to believe
that Llaoyang has been abandoned, or
if it has been abandoned that General
Kuropatkin is not in a better position
to make a stand north of the Taitse
River.
There seemed to be an air of consid
erable confidence at Peterhof last
night. An official who saw the Czar
yesterday afternoon said that he was
extremely confident. Experts who are
familiar with the nature of the intri
cate and powerful defenses constructed
north of the Taitse River by General
Velltchko, one of Russia's foremost army
engineers, believe that the Japanese are
facing an almost impossible task in at
tacking them, especially with divided
forces.
ST. PETERSBURG, Saturday. Sept.
3, 3:10 a. m.— The text of the dispatch
sent to the Czar by General Kuropat
kin on Thursday evening, the most of
which was given out by the War Office
and was cabled by the press at 4:50
o'clock on Friday afternoon, . was not
made public last night, as was expect
ed. It was promised to the local pres3
and was awaited with feverish impa
tience until- 2 o'clock this morning,
when it was announced that it would
be issued to-day. All the news, there
fore, as far as St. Petersburg is con
cerned Is contained in telegrams from
foreign sources, and there is painful
suspense awaiting news from Russian
sources. . '-vcT-,
"Our rifle brigade held, the village
of Maletung against the rolling waves
of Japanese infantry thrown out
against the position time and again,
until our reserves swept down and
cleared the front at the point of tha
bayonet.
"The roar of the fight was not
stopped by darkness. The scene be
came infinitely more beautiful as tha
hills were lighted by the glare fron\
flame-spitting batteries, which had
been scarcely visible In the daylight.
Each of the thousands of shells be
came a pyrotechnic spectacle, whlla
lines of fire racked and aulvered back
and forth where the Infantry was
holding our trenches against tha
creeping Japanese columns. The lat
ter had almost reached the trenches
of the Twenty-fourth Regiment, aided
by the darkness. The men who wero
at supper- dropped their soup .and
black bread, turned quickly, and &oy
off the Japanese with their bayonets* ,"*
Then they returned to thetr sojeljj
needed meal.
"The fighting on Tuesday wasjnearsy
on the right flank. A spy, captured 1
while attempting to. pass the lines,
said the Japanese Guard division suf
fered terribly." ...
A delayed dispatch to the Official
Messenger from Uaoyang, under data
of August 31, gives- some details of the
three days' fighting from August 29.
The correspondent says that. he was
with a battery on Koulack Hill, to
the left of the railway line, at dawn
on Monday, when the Japanese suns
opened fire.
"It was," he continues, "a simul
taneous salute by hundreds of can
nons and during the first hour the
firing was simply terrific. "We wero
under a perfect rain of shrapnel, bul
lets and splinters of sheila. The Jap
anese did not know the country or the
location of our defenses,- so they con
stantly shifted their batteries, trying
to search out our positions.
"It was in the course of these
maneuvers that Koulack had become
an object of interest to the Japanese
artillerymen. The sight was a beauti
ful but terrifying one. Although we
were well masked and tolerably pro
tected, the sides of our hill were rent
and torn by bursting shells; dirt, -dust
and rocks filled the air; sand and
smoke hung like a golden halo over
head. We watched the sheila fall
upon the -ruins of the thousand-year
old watch tower, where they com
pleted the ravages of the centuries. .
"JAPANESE GUNNERS ROUTED.'"
"The Japanese cot our range arfd
tried to^ enfilade us from a village on,
the right. Here we had the advantage
in knowing the range and simply
smothered them with shell3. Conse
quently the Japanese withdrew . hur
riediy. A second attempt to enfilade
us was made at 10 o'clock in the
morning, but again it failed. We
swept the Chinese corn fields whence
the fire came and turned out the Jap
anese gunners like a nest of angry
wasps.. • >.&*
VIVID DETAILS OF BATTLE.
At 4:30 o'clock this afternoon the
War Office announced that the rail
road between Liaoyangr and Hukdea
was open.
The review of the Third Siberian
Corps- mentioned In the dispatch.
probably was a march past of the
troops while crossing the river, it be
ing unlikely that a formal review oc
curred while the battle was la prog
ress.'
employed for this purpose, belns
placed so as to protect the railroad
bridge spanning the Taitse, *r
the "main positions" of the Russians
are on the north bank of the river,
the dispatch becomes intelligible. The
artillery fighting during the day
makes it evident that a screen of, Rus
sian guns was used to cover the move
ment across the river. The runs on
the north bank doubtless also ~«rera
Three Japanese Armies Are Ulos
§11 ing Around the Army of
The report from Marshal Oyama that he was engaged on Thursday* with. the Russian center would
Indicate that at least a portion of ivui-opatkin's army was still on the., south bank of'the Taitse River, it/
Is not yet announced that the* Japanese have occupied Liaoyang. - • ¦• -- ¦
or- fldfihitc' information • front the scat of war continued up to this morning: and nothing fnr-
I their regarding- the situation at Llaoyang; is known beyond the fact that*. Kuropatkin . has withdrawn
« the inaln 'portion of his forces to the north or right bank of the Taitse \Itivcr und<that, accordinR to
tlie latest advices, the action is. still in progress.
. vTliere is dlsinjcHnution in St. Petersburg to believe that Liaoyang hag been abandoned, and nt th«
saine'tinie it; Is* declared that the position Kuropatkin now occupies is the one he had prepared and'forti
fled and where'; he lias all alonjj; planned to make his second stand, instead of directly in nnd around
IJaoj^iiiK^wirti the river at his back, as had' been believed. It Is asserted 'by Russian experts , that in
attacking Ktinjpatkin's present defenses the Japanese are facing an almost impossible task, especially
with their forces divided by the river. '.\ ..-.-'•¦
Atirjiecs reaching Tokio are. that the Taitse is flooded and cannot be forded and therefore the river. it
self becomes, an important factor in the general scheme . of Russian defense. • / .
; Dispatches from, both Russian a'ndj Japanese sources indicate that the troops on both sides, nre jaded
and weary after, the many "days', fighting and it is pointed out that, in consequence, a temporary lull in
tin* active 1 , struggle would not be av.rorishur. • .
A dispatch ' received at Tokio says that great fires are raging at Liaoyang. •'believed to result from
Japanese "hcllins or from the efforts of the Russians to bum their stores preparatory to the evacuation
of Llaoyang, with the additional •! hope of injuring tliecity as a future Ji»;janese bnsc." ' .
The opinion prevails in Tokio that the Russian casualties in the recent fighting will reach 30,000,
but the losses, of August 31 and September 1 are given in Russian oflleial .' reports as 5000 killed or
wounded. On the other hand, the . commanders of the three Japanese armies have reported losses to
taling 25,000. ; .^A- / \ , . V ... . • :
Issue of the Combat Still in Doubt.
Field Marshal Oyama Will Throw
His Main Army Across
Taitse River.
Russians Are Gathering for the
Final Stand at the Yen
tai Colliery.
Slavs Will Offer Desperate Re
sistance in Their Last Line
of Defenses.
KUROKI CAPTURES HEIGHTS NEAR LIAOYANG
AND EXPECTS TO SEIZE RAILROAD TO-DAY
THE SAN iFRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1004.
' G1KL TAKES .MORPHINE.— May,- WJIion
of the. Diana dance v hall, 530 ? Pacific Btreot.
took an overdose of morphine last night with
suklda! lnU.nl. She was remuved to the Har
bor Hospital unconscious and will probably
«»••"-- ¦ ¦ ¦"¦ ' ¦-¦ ¦' -¦ ' ¦ ¦•.-; f. - :....;
"Scenic Treasures • of California," a
beautiful souvenir book of California, for
7 fr; cents :f others for' less : and r some for
more.;.- Orange, •: redwood , ftfld other good
souvenir novelties at ldwest prices.". 6ah.
feorn,-Vail & Co., 741 Market »tre«t. •
California - Soavcnirs.
.; SHANGHAI. Sept. 2.— The , Chinese
Government,' according . to . the •• request
of Japan. • effected the stoppage to-day
of, 'all repairs on. the Russian-protected
cruiser, > Askold and \ the'. Russian tor
pedo-boat, destroyer Grozovol. - . •
Stqps Itcpalr/ on the Askold.
4
DEAFNESS
BOOK FREE
HOW TO REGAIN HEARING
The best book ever written on 'Deaf-
ness and how to cure it Is being given
away absolutely free of charge by its
author, Deafness Specialist gproule. the
„ greatest authority
KSXt*sSff^?X<h^^a ot tbe a^ e on Deaf-
fStex^j; «N 1 . 1 . &! ness • and all ear
.,!•«; The book con-
SNt» Y tains Information
CURE at win -..-.be- of
VW |kM wonderful value to
? i 5 mo deaf- people^It was
• ' I .- I UIV J written to honeat-
Sjfl}fc« rrit ,-i suiter from Veai-
*^: 1 ' JBH. ness, and it tells
V^ ',,)-—'¦ >TiP alt about tlio
* cause, dangers arid
cure of Deafness In the plainest manner.
It shows* how the Inner tubes of the ear
get all blocked up. causing the loss of
hearinsr. and explains the terrible rinfc-
ingr. buzzing sounds in the ears and how
to stop them. Fine drawings by the best
artists Illustrate its pages. ...
If you want to get rid of your Deaj-
ne»s. send for this book and find out
what to do. : Deafness can now be cured
and this book explains how. It's in great
demand, so ask for it to-day. Write your
namq- and address plainly on the dotteti
i lines, cut out the Free Coupon and mali
it at once to Seofnesm Specialist
SFSOXTIiS, 166 Doaas St., Boston. You
wiH-HOon receive the book. '
.Free Deafness Book Coupon. '
Name... ....."
Address „ ....,,
POSTUM CEREAL. *
LEARNING THINGS.
We Arc All In tbo Apprentice Class.
When a simple change of diet brings
back health nnd happiness the story i»
briefly told. A ladr of Springfield, 111.,
says: "After Ix-ing afflicted for years
with nervousness and heart trouble, I
received a shock four ycara ago that
h?ft me in such a condition that my life
was tlcspaired of. I could set no relief
from electors nor from the numberless
heart and nerve medicines I tried be-
cause I didn't knov.- thr;t the coffee was
daily putting K? back more than the
doctors could put nie ahead,
¦j "Finally, at. the request of a friend,
I left oft" coffee .and aegan the use of
Fosium and against my convictions I
gradually improved in health until for
the past 6 or f> months I have been
entirety fr?e from nervousness and
those terrible sinking, weakening spells
of heart trouble. ,
"My troubles all 'came from the use
of coffee, which I had drunk from
childhood, and yet they disappeared
when I quit coffee and took up the use
of Postuin-*' Name {riven by Postum
Co., Battle Creek. Mien.
Muny peoj.le marvel ai the effect* of
leaving <jfT coffc-c and drinking Postum
but there 5s nothing marvelous about
it— enly common sense.
. <"offee is a destroyer— Postum Is a
rebuilcicr. That's th? reason.
Look In each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle, book. "The Road to WeUville.' ' ,Personally conducted bay excursions
to Mare Island and Vallejo. Fare 60 cents
round trip. Passing all points of inter
est on the bay. See time table of steam
er H.-.J. Corcoran. Special excursion
Sunday, Sept. 4, 70 miles up the Sacra
mento River. Fare round trip, jl.00.
Phone-Main 641. . ¦ • . ¦• -
For Visitors and Tourists.
CONSCIENCE PREVENTS
{VJUDGE FROM DOING DUTY
Hnther. Than Pass Death Sentence He
Summons Another Jurist "to
Hear Murder Trials.-
- DENVER. Sept. 2. — Judge John I.
Mulllns,-; Colorado's m«mber ' of ~ the
Democratic National Committee, who
recently declared in an interview that
under no circumstance would he pass
the death sentence upon a mur.derer,
announced "to-day that, on account of
his ; conscientious : scruples against in-
Uicting .'capital punishment,' he had
called a; Judge from another district to
take his place on the bench here during
all murder trials at the fall term 1 of the
District 'Court. There are ten persons
awaiting trial for murder in this
county. ' '
- ; ACfcUSEI) OF ROBBING FRIEND.— Walter
,L.anrley, « a. well-dressed youtijr :man, was;ar
restt-d last " night by' Dstectl\<»' O'Dea and
plac?d on the detinue. book at'tha City Prison.
,He"t»; alleged; to; have stolen, a- sold watch.
Ants': suit case' and some -money from bis
roommate." ; '
IS CHARGED WITH MANSLAUGHTER.—
Bernard Heavy was arrested last night and
charged with manslaughter. Heavy ran down
an aged v/oman named Mrs. Krai la Swarx'ot
r.f»2 Bush street. In the parK . last Sunday.
The woman died Thursday trom the effects ot
the Injuries she received. ' Heavy was re
leased , on : ball;
•H — 1 . ?;.
PARIS, Sept. 2. — The engagement
is announced of Arthur Meyer, editor
of the Gaulois, -the leading'reaction
ary paper, to a daughter of the Count
de Turenne.
Issued a signed statement in which he
positively refuses to make the race. No
other Republican has been suggested as
yet, and the nomination may go
a-begging. Two years ago, after this
city had given a Republican majority
which really elected Dr.- Pardee Gov
ernor, Mayor Snyder carried the city a
month later by an even larger vote.
Editor to Wed -Count's Daughter.
YELLOW CREEK, W. Va., Sept. 2.—
Six persons were burned to death and
four terribly injured during a fire and
oil explosion here to-day. The dead are
Mrs. Henry Fling, her two children and
three unknown men.
The house of Fling was fired by a
street lamp and the Intense heat set
fire to the rig of an oil well near the
house. The flames destroyed, the der
rick • and communicated to the tank,
which was full of oil. , A terrific ex
plosion followed. The^ blazing oil was
thrown all over the house, cutting off
the escape of the" Inmates.
lire Starts In Cottage, Attacks Petro
leum Well nntl Causes a
I'ntal Explosion.
BURNING OIL DESTROYS
LIVES OF SIX PERSONS
FIGHT IS WON* ALREADY.
Beveridse Believes Parker Will Be
Beaten Worse Than Bryan.
OTSTER BAY. Sept. 2.— After his
conference -with the President to-day,
which, he said, was principally of a
personal nature. Senator Beveridge
said:
"I dislike to make political predic
tions, but it appears to me that the
fight practically has been won by the
Republicans unless there should be a
Democratic landslide, and there are
no Indications of such. I believe
R-ooeevelt will be elected by the larg
est majority a President ever received
ei.nce the Civil War. I believe Parker
will be defeated even more decisively
than Bryan.
"As to Indiana, I do not care to talk.
We have been steadily increasing our
gains in the State for several years.
In the last election we had a majority
of 25,000. I see no reason why we
should not increase that majority this
fall. Of the four Congressional dis
tricts now held by the Democrats I
think we shall capture at least one."
Dcin'ocratic Standard Bearer Will Not
Make St. Louis Trip.
ESOPUS, Sept. 2. — There waa much
PARKER CHANGES MIND.
REFUSES TO MAKE THE RACE.
Dr. LIndley of Los Angeles Will Xot
Accept Nomination for Mayor.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2. — Los
Angeles politically is overwhelmingly
Republican, but the Republicans are all
at sea as to whom they shall name to
head their municipal ticket to make the
race against Mayor Snyder, who will
seek re-election. Until to-night it was
believed that Dr. Walter LIndley, prob
ably the most widely known physician
in Southern California, would be the
Republican candidate, but to-night he
. Alexander McBeen, who Is an at
torney-at-law and lives at 1634 Green
street. Is out of the city and will not
return till Sunday. Mrs. Effey lives
at 957 Hayes street, but is not at
home at present.
The medical corps Is to take advant
age of the maneuvers for Its own de
velopment and as an object lesson to
the militia. Persons are to be. put out
of action with specific wounds at the
ratio of two to a company. These men
are to be cared for and treated the
same as If they were actually wounded
In the manner In which they are to be
tagged.
Great Activity Displayed by Soldiers
at the Three Maneuver Camps
In Virginia.
CORPS HEADQUARTERS.GAINES
VILLE, Va., Sept. 2. — The quiet that
precedes the storm prevailed In the
three maneuver camps to-day. The
programme of practice marches and
scouting for the purpose of gaining fa
miliarity with the country. was con
tinued.
TROOPS ARE PREPARING
TO TRY SKILL IN FIELD
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept 2.— Two
brothers fought a duel with revolvers
this hw>rning, holding opposite corners
of the same handkerchief. "Jack" Bur
dett, one of the participants, was
wounded twice, in the leg and In the
groin.
The affair occurred at Walnut
Springs. According to information, the
two men quarreled last night about
some trivial matter. A ' duel was
agreed upon and it was arranged, that
each should load hi3 revolver with but
two cartridges and that each should
take hold of the same handkerchief and
not let loose while firing.
They met this morning; at the break
of day at the division line between
their farms. No witnesses were pres
ent and the services, of a surgeon had
not been arranged for. "Jack" Bur
dett produced the handkerchief, which
was a big red bandana, and his broth
er, Je3se, took hold of the other end.
The latter, gave the signal and both
fired, "Jack" shooting wildly and Jesse
wounding his • antagonist in ¦ the leg.
At the, next signal both again fired.
"Jack's" cartridge failed to explode and
Jesse v shot ; him in , the groin.
Jesse has been placed under arrest
and "Jack" Is In the hands "of a sur
geon, with small .prospects for recov
ery. Both express extreme regret; at
the occurrence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hold Opposite Corners of
Same Handkerchief While
Firing With Revolvers
TWO BROTHERS
FIGHT A DUEL
Attorney Max Baird of the Illinois
Trust Tand Savings Bank, executor of
the McVicker will, said to-day the will
probably, will not be filed for probate
until next week. Then the regular
thirty days' notice to the heirs to
prove their claims will be given.
McBean is the second unexpected
claimant to appear. The first was Mrs.
Minnie Effey of San Francisco. Mrs.
Effey will also be asked to show why
she wants a part of the estate. There
are two other heirs, thought to be in
Aystralia, who also will be notified of
Mrs. McVIcker's death provided they
can be found.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— Another unex
pected claimant for a share of the es
tate left 'by Mrs. J. H. McVicker has
appeared 1 , in the person of Alexander
McBeari.of San Francisco. Attorneys
A. J. F. McBean and L. E. Hart called
on 'Attorney L. D. Condee to-day and
notified him of McBean's claim. The
two attorneys said they did not know
upon what, ground of relationship Mc-
Bean bases his claim, their only in
struction^ in the telegram received to
day being to present his claim when
the. will- is probated.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
In the- matter of wages theje has
been no change, but s there have .been
changes in the conditions under which
the mines are to be operated.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 2.—Negotia
tions that had been pending since Mon
day for an agreementbetween the coal
mine operators ot:,the State and* the
United Mine Workers, of .America for
district 22, looking to an agreement for
the coming year, were concluded to-day
when an agreement was reached and
signed, by the representatives of the
mine workers and the operators. The
agreement is to take effect on the first
of October and continue for one year.
Settle Differences.
Coal Mine Operators and Union Men
AGREEMENT IS REACHED. ?
Colonel Clem Is orte of the heroes of
the War of the Rebellion and is known
as the "drummer boy of Chickamau
ga" because of his gallant conduct dur
ing that battle while serving as a
drummer In the Twenty-second Michi
gan Volunteer Infantry.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— Colonel
John M. Clem, chief quartermaster of
the Philippine division, has been repri
manded by General Humphrey, quar
termaster general, for his action in
turning Into the-United States treasury
the sum of $423,000 as "unexpended-bal
ance", of the appropriations for the last
fiscal year, when, as stated at the War
Department, the money was actually
needed to meet the expenses of army
transportation and other work Of the
quartermaster's department. It is said
that the service was embarrassed by
Colonel Clem's action, as it | seriously
interfered with- the work of the quar
termaster's department.
General Humphiey has informed
Colonel Clem that his action is disap
proved and would not have, been taken
if he" had" had a proper conception of his
duties. The money, having been turned
Into the treasury, is now beyond the
control of the War Department and the
officers, and It will have to be reappro
priated by Congress to meet existing
obligations. It is not unlikely that
Colonel Clem will be relieved of his
present duties and recalled to the
United States.
surprise at Rosemount to-night when
a correction was made of a statement
yesterday that Alton B. Parker had
completed his arrangements for a' St.
Louis trip. It Is now announced that
Parker has changed his mind in re
gard to the trip and in all proba
bility will not leave Rosemount again
during the campaign. So far as known
Parker will make no speeches during
the campaign.
Henry Watterson spent some time
at Rosemount to-day, talking over the
campaign with Parker. After the con
ference Watterson said that he felt
confident of the election of Parker.
He said that he had gone through sev
eral campaigns and that he knew
whereof he spoke. He said the Inde
pendent voter probably would decide
the election and that independent vot
ers were going to Parker every day.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 2. — Bad
marksmanship on the part of Tom
Evans, a. negro, was all that saved the
life of Policeman Kelling Thursday
nighL i Evans had. been drinking and
was yelling in the street when Kell
ing placed him under arrest. Evans
suddenly wrenched himself loose and
drawing a revolver, began firing at
the officer. The first bullet struck
Kelling in the foot, fracturing the
benes of the first, second and third
toes, and causing him to fall to the
ground. Kelling, - while lying on the
sidewalk, returned the fire and Evans
ran off. The fusillade created intense
excitement and Marshal Shay and
other policemen were soon in pursuit
of the negro, who was finally cornered
to an apartment house, after having
been dislodged from a woodyard. His
pistol was empty, but this" did not de
ter him from attempting to bluff off
the Marshal. Evans was taken to the
County Jail, where it was discovered
that he had been shot in the foot.
When his shoe was removed the bul
let dropped out, having entered the
instep and gone through the fleshy
part of the foot, emerging at the heel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sail Franciscan Is Latest
to Claimants of
•Fortune of Mrs. McVicker
LIST OF HEIRS
STILL GROWING
BISHOP GEAY'S RESIGNATION
REACHES FRENCH MINISTER
Prelate. Punished by the Vatican
«"s Connection With Bureau
or Public Worship.
PARIS, Sept. 2.— The resignation of
Monsignor Geaj', Bishop of Laval,
reached' the Ministry of Public Wor
ship to-day. - .. >•
Bishop. Geay.wa.3 one of the French
prelates,- summoned to- Rome by the
Vatican for trial or punishment. The
French Government strongly protest
ed against the acjtion of the Vatican as
being contrary to the terms in the
Concordat. ' /
Venezuela Does Not Need Ten Years
to Settle Claims of Allied
WILL. NOT REQUIRE TIME
LIMIT TO PAY JUDGMENTS
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 2. — Venezuela
is doing better than was expected" in
the settlement of the judgments ren
dered against her by the mixed com
mission, and instead of taking ten
years to dispose of the claims of the
allied powers — Great Britain. Ger
many and Italy — it appears that these
will now be settled in full in about
two years and the claims of the non
allied powers will be discharged with
in four and a half yeara after the al
lies are paid.
Philippines Quartermaster
Reprimanded for Failing*
to Spend an Appropriation
Desperate Negro Opens Fire
on Peace Guardian AVlien
Arrested for Drunkenness
TRIES TO KILL
A POLICEMAN
OFFICER'S ACT
BLOCKS WORK
He concluded that the seven years
of Republican administration had
flemonstrated that "the protective tar
iff and the cold standard are well
suited to our requirements."
: ¦ • them 4esa, but because we love more
those r.hj owe allegiance co our flag that
we stand by the American protective policy.
V> stand by the pcllcy which stands by us.
When I left home there were thousands of
men and women in different States walkins
the highways and byway*, seeking for an op
portunity to work at any wage, but finding
It not. They wcuM have been glad of th«
':..'•¦<• to make the coods that were being
produced in the HngUsh miils for our own
consumption. It seemed to me that the Dem
ocratic policy which closed our own mills
and opened the English mills was a wrong
to our country and to our countrymen. There
.1* no rea»on consistent with the Interests of
our own people which can Justify such a
pcllcy. The Ttepublican party was against it
In 1635 and It stands in protect against It to
day. We have no unfrlendlineEs toward pro
ducers in other lands. It is not because we
Fairbanks then referred to a visit
he had made in 1S95 to a woolen mill
tn Manchester, England, and to the
tact that he had found the mill ship
ping' large quantities of goods to the
United States. He had said to himself
"There is something wrong about
this." He continued:
Senator Fairbanks did not appear
until the meeting was well under way.
When he arrived he was greeted with
a tremendous burst of applause from
the vast throng present. He said in
part:
Ther» la bo one more vitally concerned In
the niilntenar.ee of * protective tariff than
the »ork:r.gmf-n of th* United States. It ha«
eei-ved them in the past and it will prove a
helpful frknd to them in the future.
. Protection cannot keep open all the mills
• II the time. It ca'; ke^p open more of them
• rid ior a longer reriod of time than free
trade can.
It cannot keep wanes at the hiphest level
• !1 the time, but It can keep them there
lc-nser than tree trade can.
This Is tounded on &ood reason. It is an
erdinary. coir.mon-Btnse proposition. Under
free ¦ trade American workmen have to com
pete not only with themselves, but with the
workmen of all other countries; while under
protection they are not obliged to compete
with workmen in other countries on the same
•basis, and they have only to compete with
their fellow- workmen in this country.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Sept. 2. — Sen
ator Fairbanks formally opened the
Republican campaign In Missouri to
night. The ceremony took place in
Convention Hall and that immense
building was crowded.
Nominee Addresses an Immense
Throng at Kansas City.
FAIRBANKS IN MISSOURI.
Both parties are striving hard to
bring out their full strength at the
polls, and if the Republicans do not
eucceed and the Democrats do, the lat
ter declare Vermont will go Republican
by less than 23,000.
"If the Republicans do not have a
plurality of 27,500 it will be equivalent
to a Democratic victors'," said O. B.
Frr.alley. the Democratic national com
mitteeman. "We do not expect to win
eny Republican votes and they will not
win any of ours."
"We won't get any votes from the
Democrats and they won't get any
from us," said Senator Proctor. "We
will have a plurality of at least £5,000."
RUTLAND, Vt.. Sept. 2.— That Ver
mont will go Republican at the State
election next Tuesday is admitted by
the Democrats. It will only be a ques
tion cf the size of the Republican plur
ality in the opinion of the leaders of
both parties. The Democrats insist
that they will cut it down considerably
and the other side asserts that a nor
mal Republican vote will be brought
out.
Er*el*l Dl*r«tch t» Th© C«U
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— A. sweeping or
der, placing all meat upon the "unfair
list" and affecting, according to the es
timates of the strike leaders, more than
64,000 employes in the meat Industry
throughout the country, was issued to
day by the conference board . of . the
stockyards strikes.
Thousands of men, it is- said, will be
engaged in persuading non-union work
men to desert the packers. Pickets will
be stationed near every retail market
in the city to ask;persons not to buy
meat and to prevent the delivery of
supplies. . '.'. ','¦
Butcher workmen and members of
the Allied Trades at all of the indepen
dent plants throughout • the country
have been ordered to strike tcT-morrow
afternoon. Next Wednesday morning
2500 retail market butchers in Chicago
will be obliged, according to the order,
to stop working.. This'walkout-will'di
rectly affect 5000 meat markets. ; The
order likewise applies to. every union
teamster in Chicago. whose work is al
lied with the meat business. Grocery
and . market wagon drivers, truck
drivers and icemen are Included In this
list.
The following shows the number of
workmen, including teamsters, affected
by the order in Chicago and those in
other cities. At outside points only the
employes of the independent plants and
retail market butchers will join in the
strike: . ¦ ;. '^ : j
Chicago, 27,000; New York City, 5000;
New York Sta^e, ,12,000; New- England
States, 5000; Ohio River points,-. 10,000;
Indianapolis, . 2000; . St. Louis and East
St. Louis, 2500. Total, 64,500.
As the employes In independent
plants and the retail market butchers
are affiliated with^he Butchers' Union
the strike leaders are" satisfied that
they will obey the strike order without
protest.
The police record of the strike at the
stockyards station to date. reads: .As
saults, 46; murders, 4; accidents, 97;
removed to> hospitals, '43. ; .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Parker Man Claims Not a
Single Vote Will Be Gained
by the Grand Old Party
All Ketailv Shops in Chi- j
cago and Other Eastern
Cities Will Be Closed
DIFFER OVER FIGURES
AFFECTS 64,000 TOILERS
The Secretary will view the labor pa
rade next Monday, and later in the day
he will visit the Presidio. Golden Gate
Park and Sutro Heights. Monday even
ing a dinner in his honor will be given
at the Pacific-Union Club. This func
tion Is to be entirely non-partisan. The
company will consist mainly of bankers
and representatives of the commercial
bodies of the city. 'It is expected that
Shaw will pay a brief visit to the Uni-
Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of, the
Treasury, will arrive in San Francisco
this forenoon and will speak to-night
at the- Republican mass-meeting In the
Alhambra Theater. The Secretary will
be greeted at Sixteenth street, Oakland,
by United States Senator George C.
Perkins, Naval Officer John P. Irish
and Collector Stratton. At the Palace
Hotel Shaw will be welcomed .by Gen
eral George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee.
At the noon hour the Secretary will
take lunch with Collector Stratton in
the red room of the Bohemian Club.
Among the guests will be Governor
Pardee, Senator Perkins, Judge Mor
row, Victor H. Metcalf. Chief Justice
Beatty, Major General MacArthur and
Admirals McCalla and Witlng. After
the luncheon the Secretary will be es
corted to the. transport dock, at the
foot of Folsom street, where he will go
aboard the tug Slocum for an excursion
on the bay. The Slocum is scheduled
to leave at 1:45 p. m. In honor of the
admirals customary salutes will be fired
by the harbor forts and warships.
Governor George C. Pardee, who ar
rived in the city yesterday, will pre
side at the mass-meeting to-night and
introduce Secretary Shaw.
The programme devised for the re
ception and entertainment of the Sec
retary of the Treasury provides that he
may rest on Sunday, although he may
elect to address the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
versty of California prior to his depart
ure for; Los Angeles on' the Owl next
Tuesday evenngr.;
There was. a brief conference at the
Palace Hotel last evening of nominees
for Presidential elector" on ' the . Repub
lican ticket and.members of the exec
utive and . advisory committees of. the
Republican . State j Central Co'mmittee.
The fact was mentioned that every one
of the twenty-one members of the" ad
visory committee appointed recently at
Santa Cruz had sent in an acceptance.
Topics' relating to registration' were dis
cusssd last night. ,
There is quite a number- of repre
sentative Republicans of the interior in
San - Francisco to view the Templar
demonstration.
At the court of the Palace Hotel
yesterday were Robert T. Devlin, W.
W. Shannon and Frank D. Ryan of
Sacramento; ' lctor il. Wood, San
Luis Oblspo; Major Hardy. San Diego;
C. M. Hammond, Lake; Richard Mel
rose, Orange; James A. Louttit and A.
H. Ashley, San Joaqulri.v • ; »:
The Union Iron Works of this city,
through the influence of the secretary,
Charles N. . Champion! has presented to
the ¦ Republican headquarters at 16
Geary street, a complete set of photo
graphs of the war vessels built by that
firm. The list includes the Charleston,
San Francisco,- Wisconsin, Olympia,
Oregon, Ohio and the Monterey. These
will be handsomely framed and hung
In the well furnished rooms.; Through
the influence of Thomas J. Kirk, State
Superintendent of Public Instruction at
Sacramento, the members hope to have
a collection of the principal' school
buildings of the State. As a large num
ber of visiting Republicans are ex
pected during the conclave and the
I.C O. F. Grand Lodge meetings, these
additions will be a very attractive
feature to the rooms. These rooms are
open every day from 10 a. m. to 10
p. m., and members of the' Republican
party are always welcome. ; ~X'f/
Democrats Admit That They
Will Not Win the Contest
for Governor of Vermont
Leader of Butchers' Strike
Issues a Sweeping
Calling Oiit 3Iore Men
Governor. Pardee Is Selected to Preside and -Introduce the
Secretary of' the' Treasury ., to; the . Audience— Bay Ex
cursion' and Other Functions in Honor of the Leader
CONCEDE STATE
TO REPUBLICANS
MEAT FAMINE
NOW CERTAIN
LESLIE M. SHAW SPEAKS
AT ALHAMRRA TO-NIGHT
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL; ..SATURDAY; s£^EMBKR 3 , : 1904;
Index cards, filing cabinets.* loose leaf
ledgers, and tall*, modern systems In our
stationery , department. .Printing -and
bookblndinp at -lowest prices. ' Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741-Markct street. ; •'•
Card . Systems , and ..Cnblncts.
- ACADEMY OF SCIENCE'S LECTURE.—
Members of the ¦ British and American Union
listened to . a lecture on "Tha -White Man't
Burden" by James XV. K*rr last nleht at
the Academy of Science's^ Hall. A musical
programme and election of directors followed.
5
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load of
GRIFFIN /EXTRA
CATSUP [and TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD. PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
Those bringing to" THE CALL
ofllc«\. either, Thursday, -Friday
or Saturday, n want ad., will re-
eel re, a bottle .¦ of Griflin" Kxtra'.
Catsup ; and ] also ' a can~ of ' Grlf- "*
fin Kxtra Tomato Soup; made by
, California -, Fruit I Canncrs' . Asso-
ciat ion,; free. ,• . -r,
¦". . See '. announcement . on classi-
fied pase.' . . , '
ADVI2RTISE3IEXTS. ,
I *^fS*v I ...FOR:... *^^k 1
I ..Roosevelt and Fairbanks..!
iHON.L^lHAWl
| Secretary of the Treasury |
I — SPEAKS AT THE |
I ALHAMBRA THEATER, this Saturday HieHTj
I Reserved Seats for Ladies and Escorts. |
§ COME EARLY J
''v:'. -, '¦¦. A Tl^:EMroRlOl{~ ~" A ' '*'^'y^ 3E;>IPO ? tlU31 - T " ' THE IOIPORIIjM. . ,
| jsNfe Charming Mew Waists
J :^^ «§^S?> Autumn's Best Style
}. , v; An array of new fail waists — the new embroidered
J i(^ysil^r\ fl.mnel?,. cashmererhenriettas, madras, voiles,: flannel-
i '¦¦'/^'¦f^m^r A elte - Sicilians and .soft taffeta.
i ff¥J f^W^ '^.^k We hive arranged a special early showing and sale
• l^^^^L^^^^^i of these new, waists, the best of maker's art yet dis-
* / M&zM$&$*$fJ/ A played. The size and color assortment is complete, so
% : M&m^^fjJ\ why'nof.buynow?
| ' 58c, $f, $f.5O, $2.45 up to $26.50
g- IfflBI^^^^ Pleated Walking and Dress Skirts— Of every popular de-
| iili lliW Cheviot Walking SKirt— 25 box pleats, special value at
»: I Safe Sf.OO Gloves, Dress Goods and Sale SI.OO Shirts,
% 69c Pair Sik Remnants, 55c Each
K Fi'ne.two-c'»ip prime itmb ikin One~tJU3Pter Off Men>> Co!l Shirts- An entire line tha: we
tf : glbvcs. new «nd up-to-dite in To-d.y an .cccmulaton of K ««l hun- h.»e do,- 4 out, that K .l regularly for Jij
2* .¦¦",•. j • „ , i • • dred *hort!enitbs of drt't jroods, luitablc for well-made ihuts of KyJish percales or
I C " d 1D aH the latest CO oring., ,5d even, few »adra. cloth,; cuf* atUehed or detached }
j, . including two (hades of the new Jui . i. n g ths . and ' lereral hundred short Friday ani Saturday only, th«s fi»
X brown, beaver, tan, white and lengths of thiueason** prettiest lilfci which good dollar shirts %JiJlr
ff' -fa t black, with either itlf or b!icfc stitchsd hare a'rrady bern marked on remnant Men*s Pleated Golf Shirts — With cuffs
tt . . backs:' worth f i!od a p ir, t0 ~ £^f% j^. price* will be on sale at a still further reduc- attached, in n:at figures and stripes, well
J> day, while quantities last . . . %9 SW%0 tion of twrnty-fir: per cen:. made, good fitting shirts; extra special value
ff v " at the t a'e price, each 73 C
I Hand Embroidered Doilies, 98c %K^S^S^St^SSi
jtf Nearly halt a 'thousand of these beautiful 17-inch linen doilies, and effects that win b: worn this fcn and
$ embroidered with best quality silk, in.Caiifornia Doppy, wild winrer ; onjpdai u ie Friday Oi5T^»
g rose, strawberry, pepper, daisy, forget-me-not and other de- tt " ,t T C, ", " *J? *f •
I signs; not a piece in the collection worthless that 52.50; to-
j . day Only, each • •* . V. . . .i.-.r. .-. • • • • • iJoC special sale Fnday and Saturday.eachXtr
$ Safe of Ruches, Stoles Sale Burt & Packard Men's Shoes
f£ aifll Capes C\ To make as many men as possible favorably acquainted with
I .^«a:;is Slti m y. shoc — H ot , ™* new "r dcpartmcDt we m aow
5 at a fraction cf their whofcnJe »alu:s ; on Ul^oVvV offering at special sale Bart & Packard ••Korrect" shape
•>* ta" es tab'e, in main aisle, to-day: II " 0$^. shoej. There will be more than twenty ot the newest
j£ • Values up to $ 12.00 .... $4.38 f^SSs^S^"^^ *3'5° and J* "*'" in rlcl tiJ » box ea! *» Telour "^ a °d patent colt
j£ ,Values up to J 8.50 . .... . $3*38 I *~^ = ? 5::^=s=^ : S^^^ tWia, "Burrow Jap;** many hundred pain in the lot and
*f • Va'ues up ta ; 6.oo $2*38 *^^3K^fe>_- ""v^^t^v a l *""» f0 l^ at none wl * kc di.appointed; beginning this
"ft •'': Va.ues up to $3.50 $1*38 *-^-^* '¦— '-.r^=S=^*^>ju4 - morning, yenr choice S2>80
if .•'.;• H — — . . — .
J[. /Accounts +y mm fX" .'^ Money - Back
}C caii' be opened by re- A^J\jpfS' 4/*)14fA%f 7^I£ifff' *f not 5atis fi ed » .Your
»; sphnsible parties; ap- B £ £s\^ 1 MM t/V 1*44^4 /A^-^ money back on goods
\ , ply to our credit bu- California's upr-.re-r. ¦£ Purchased here; ez-
% rcau. mezzanine floor, ¦HffflnHlfSIn^ 8^^^^^^^ CC P* a f ew articles for
*° Jessie street sids. l 5P" lHI1 " ll( AMERICA'S GPANDEST STORO sanitary reasons.
X --.... '
DINNER. SETS I
"'The largest and most complete assortment of Dinner Sets, afford- K
Ing many opportunitels for securing handsome table ware In sets p
or single. pieces, from the noted German, French and English manu- S
facturers. «
An exhibit of all 'the best makes of High-Grade Semi-Porcelain, ||
consisting of flow blue and floral designs. , M
- • , ~* FEW »fT>yra P
Daintily Decorated, Hlfh-Orade Semi-Fcrcelain Dinner Sat, la pitas- 3
. •>'"¦. lay pink blotaom designs, best finish and fflaia. f|
.103 Places $30.00 M
.- ; 52 Pieces $11.35 H
Xiimogres China Set, complete for 13 people, decorated In pink or blue is
floral design*, cold traced handles 335.00 a
Semi-Porcelain Sets, from $13.50 to $34.00 fcj
Gerxc&n China Sets, from : % $25.00 to $45.00 M
£lmojres and Eaviland China Sets, from $25.00 to 8150.00 fj
English China Sets, from $85.00 to $300.00 ?!
I "i *^ /^ f% f^ £j! w t *t^ Tr^^ j j €*T '^jV es
* ¦ «* B. OP*4feKr «^9 U JL JL JEr I^a. vl? JL • ji
LOUIS EXPOSITION !
..VIA..
UNION AND SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Through Cars on each of these dates: ." '
September * ¦ 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28, 29
Ocioter • ¦ ¦ ¦ • • ¦ 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27
The dates are getting few.
Let me reserve your berth NOW.
8. 7. BOOTH, Ocsera* Arent, 17. P. B. Jk.
X inn i r^Tl *f STOTTT ** *¦' y o Srff {t|
' OR ANY SOUTHERN PACIFIC AGENTGIVEN A SHARE IN ESTATE.— O\K
LASD. Sept. 2. — An order was made "this
afternoon .by Judge Melvin confirming a.-com
promise between the - heirs at th« late Elizi
D. Atwlll. by which Mrs. Lillian D Kallotr
i» given a full quarter of the estate of - de
ceased. She was a granddaughter and was
omitted from the will, but by th« consent of
the - other heirs was allowed to ¦tvwo in tKa
UUth ... ..-;:¦
Kajis Succumbs to Injuries.
. ALAMEDA. Sept. 2.— Steve Kajis,
the Greek .section hand, who was
struck by the v locomotive : of# a local
train^: yesterday morning on Railroad
avenue, near Stanton street," died this
morning: at* the Railroad Hospital In
San Francisco,' tb; which ¦institution he
was - conveyed - yesterday.
Issues Souvenir Tickets.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The Oakland
Transit Company has issued.' ten thou
sand; souvenir tickets, good on any. of
the company's lines, which will be
distributed ¦ to all Knights Templar
and their families who : may, care to
pay a -visit to \ Alameda County. The
tickets also provide for free transpor
tation to this city and back, via the
Key Route ferry. :
HONOLULU. Sept. 2. — Governor
George R. Carter's mother, widow of
H. A. P. Carter, former Minister' to
"Washington, is dead.
Governor Carter's Mother Dies.
AGREE TO SEPARATE.— OAKLAND. Sept
2.— By mutual agreement Alexander Sllvay and
hik wife of San Leandro have agreed to sep
arate. Papers har« been drawn up by Justice
of the" Peac* Black, in which the wife make*
certain admissions and is willlnc that- her
hut band take half of some property owned
by her In Gllroy. Charles ' Hefner, a ' cripple
living at Gilroy, Is «ald to be the cause of
the trouble.
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— Sedan day was
observed to-day by a parade of 'the
Potsdam and Berlin garrisons, num
bering 30.000 troops. The Emperor,
after the parade, entertained the com
manding generals and foreign guests
at breakfast.
Germans Celebrate Sedan Day.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 2. — The V Roose
velt-Knowland Republican, Club., was
organized to-night at. 1 the West End.
J. R. Knowland. Republican -nominee
for Congressman from the Third Dis
trict, and J. Clem Bates, Assemblyman
from the Forty-seventh ABserribly 'Dis
trict, and nominee for- re-election,
signed the roll and delivered ad
dresses. The club officers are: Presi
dent, Charles R. Smith ; first vice pres
ident, George W. Dennis; "second vice
president,: George Lovegrove ; secre
tary, Harry Sheramsky. and treasurer,
Fred S. Croll. jl^^^HSBfl
Republican Clnb Formed.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Emile «j.
Schultze. 26, San Francisco, and Irene
B. Le Nolr, 21. Oakland; Cecil D. Har
relson, over 21; San Francisco, arid
Alena Neyer. over 18, Irvington;
James W. Tweedy. 21. San Francisco,
and Mollie J. BetU. 18, Oakland; Sam
E. Dickson, 27, San Francisco, and
Emma M. Taylor, 21, Berkeley; Frank
Keck, over 21. Fruitvale, and Alice
Halpinr over 18, Oakland; John J.
Castro. 28, and Annie E. Vargas, 21,
both of Alvarado; Andrew Peterson,
22, and Anna Rold,' 23, both of Oak
land; Harold Wachs, over 21, and An
nie McHaffie. over 18, both of Oak
land; George McCullough. 34, and
Fannie McClure, 25, both of San
Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
NAPLES. Sept. 2.— Mount Vesuvius
Is again in activity. Flames, ashes and
stones are rising from it to a consider
able height and a wide stream of lava
is issuing from the crater.
FLAMES AGAIN RISING
. FROM MOUNT VESCVTVS
OAKLAND, Sent. 2.— J. W. Conklin
of Berkeley, whose eight-year-old
daughter. Myrtle Conklin. recently
died, as was stated in the death cer
tificate, from the effects of - vaccina
tion, addressed a meeting of -the
Anti-Compulsory Vaccination League
this evening at California Hall. -. .
Mr. Conklin stated that he blamed,
not the town , authorities, but the
legislators who passed the State law,
for his daughter's death, r
. Among others who denounced the
enforcement of the compulsory vacci
nation law were. Dr. G. W. Winkfleld;
Wilbur Walker, C. F. Van Luven, At
torney John R. Jones. Attorney C. E.
Kinard, Charles G. Reed. John a!
Wilson arid Mrs. C. Preston.
DENOUNCES LAW AS THE
CAUSE OF DAUGHTER'S DEATH
BERKELEY. Sept. 2. — Formal pos
«£?ion was taken to-night of the new
flrehouse on Shattuck avenue and
Vine street by the North Berkeley
Fire Company. A large gathering was
present and after a programme of
speechmaking and songs, refreshments
were served. The money for the build
ing was advanced by Captain H. W.
Marston, who will . be repaid by the
city.
Goes Into New Firehonse.
Democrat*: fn Convention
OAKLAND. Sent. 2. — The Demo
cratic county convention will be held
tc-morrow. assembling at 10 o'clock
at Germania Hail. M. J. Laymance
will be chairman. George Beck will
b<? the nominee for Supervisor from
the First District, and probably A. J.
Rosborough from the Fourth District.
A candidate for the Fifht District has
not b*>en selected.
From San Francisco — Miss Fehr at
the Grand Union: G. F. Gray and wife
at the Hotel York; P. M. Lonergan
at the Vendome; H. Euler at the As
tor; P. H. Greer and wife at .the Cum
berland, and P. Sullivan at the Broad
way Central.
From San. Diego — Miss E. Bussey
and Mrs. A. Strong at the Holland.
From San Jose — Mrs. Goodacre at
the Grand Union.
From Los Angeles — E. F. Dunn and
K. D. Witherell and wife at the St.
Denis.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
Californinus In New York.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2. — Three youths
fishing, off Long wharf this afternoon
were thrown into the water by two
men under the influence of water
front whisky, who considered it a
jok". Harry- Hyland, one of the boys,
swallowed so much salt water and
was so chilled by his experience that
he was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and dosed and then sent home
to be put to bed.
Hyland lives at Grove and Ninth
streets and did not know the name of
the other boys. He said, however,
that they all had a narrow escape
from drowning, as there was no way
for them to pull themselves up onto
the wharf and had 'it not "been for
the prompt assistance of Ed Peter
son, a friend, all would have drowned.
YOUTHFUL FISHERMEN
THROWN INTO WATER
r«o Drunken Men Push Three Boys
Off, Long Wharf Into the Bay
as a Joke.
H. L. Pittock, principal owner and
business manager of the Portland
Oregonian. will arrive from the north
on Monday. He will go to the Pal
ace.
George T. Myers, a prominent capi
talist of Portland, Or., is at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL.
BERKELET. Sent. 2. — The B'rko
ley High School is to have a football
team anyway. Through the operation
of an old rule that was revived by
Principal James requiring stii'Ients to
have been enrolled five months be
fore they may enter athSc-tics th*?
srhool lost a number of its best play
ers and this was so discouraging that
the football m»>n disbanded. But a
rally startM by Paul Bailey, president
of the Associated Students, yesterday
has resulted in a determination to
play, no matter what the odds. The
students will have the support of all
the school faculty.
Berkeley High to Play.
"lam innocent. Search for him who
is guilty, but when he is found he will
be too powerful to be touched."
LONDON. Sept. 2.— The Italian em
bassy here to-day says that no instruc
tions have been received from Rome re
specting the recovery of the ancient
cope stolen in 1902 from the cathedral
at Askoli, Italy, purchased by J. P!ef[
pont Morgan and now on exhibition- in
the Kensington Museum.
The embassy, nevertheless, is making
inquiries here, but it says the question
of demanding the return of the cope ia
complicated by the fact of Morgan's
citizenship and the presence of the cope
in England. What compensation should
be offered to Morgan is another feature
of the case which ia also embarrassing
the Italian Government. The embassy
suggests if it is Morgan's purpose to
exhibit the cope he should have don*
so as well in Italy as in England or
America.
ROME, Sept. 2.— By the body of Roc
chiglani, a photographer who was ar
rested on August 17 in connection with
the theft from the CathedraJ of Asceli
of a priceless cope, and who- afterward
committed suicide by hanging, was
found a paper on which waa written
with a burnt match:
Photographer Who Hanged Himself in
Prison Cell Pleads Innocence
in Last Letter.
NOTE CASTS SUSPICION
UPON* "HIGH OFFICIAL"
ALAMEDA, Sept. 2. — Two farces,
"An Economical Boomer" and "A
Christmas Chime," are to be given
by students of the Alameda High
School on Friday evening, September
30. for the benefit of the Athletic As
sociation. The cast in the first playlet
includes George Wallace, Hazel Bin
der, Katherine Sharpstein, Russell
Baker, Joset>hine Keen?n and Warner
Sherwood, In the second farce will
appear Marion Mitchell. Frank
O'Brien, Roswell Dasue and Ruth
Notnagle.
Students to Play Farces.
Pardee Invited to stump the East.
I SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2. — Governor
Pardee has been invited to stump the
Eastern States for Roosevelt, but has
declined on the ground that all his time
I$» required to get ready for the coming
ssseion of the Legislature. He has
proffered his services to the California
.State Committee, volunteering to speak
in this State if needed.
County, and writes home that he Is having
the ".'time of his life." .
. BERKELET, Sept. 2. — In honor of a num
ber of. art students and friends Mrs. R. P.
Thomas entertained at luncheon • yesterday
in her handsome home In La Loma Park.
The guests were Raymond Carter, whose suc
cess as an artist In - New York has been as
sured by some remarkable work; his mother,
Mrs.* Carter: Herbert Furlong of the Univer
sity of California, author of a number of au
thorities on geology;. II h» Martha. Rice, for
merly president of the Associated Women
Students; and Mrs. Woltman. Mrs. Thomas'
daughter, who Is now a student of the Art
Leacuft in New York.
Miss May Gearhart. formerly teacher of
drawing In. the public schools. *« tendered a
reception last evening In the Allston-way School
by her friends. Those -who received were:
Mrs. Sweesy. Miss Fawcon. Miss Newmark
Miss Johnson and Miss Webb. A brief pro^
gramme was given during the afternoon th«
performers being Miss Olive Morrlsh. Miss
Annie ; Jewett. . Miss •. Mary McClure and King
Eweasjr. .= ..,.,
There are few girls who know so well how
to entertain as Miss Lucretla Burnham. and,
with a beautiful home, overlooking the lake,
and Indulgent parents who deny her noth
ine she «s well equipped at all. time* to pro
vide enjoy rrient for her guests. To-night, in
honor of MIm Ethel Wilder of Louisville.
Ky a boating party converted Lake Merrltt
Into' a miniature Venice. Gayly decorated and
lighted with colored lanterns, the boats floated
over the lake's placid bosom like huge fire
flies while music filled lh» air. ; ; In the party
,J r( .~. . Miss Helen Chase. Miss May Coogan,
Miss ' Elsie Everson, Miss Marian Goodfellow,
Miss Ruth Knowles, Miss Isabelle Kendall.
Miss Jessie Fox. Miss Ethel Crellln. Miss Ruth
Kale* Mi«» Besaie Reed. Miss Wilder. Ar
thur Goodfellow. Harold Haven*. Fred Dieck
mann Dr Percy Gasklll. Edward Alkens, Ed
ward 'Kins and . several Kentucky, men. friends
of Miss Wilder, .who *r« out hers with vlslt
ing.Knlghts Templar. ; # - . V.
iy. George G. Relnl* I« spending two 'weeks
at nl's ranch on tlwUvaa River. .
"- W. W.^ Crane w at Forest Meadow, SlskJyou
Miss Margery Cane, an Eastern society plrl
visiting -Oakland lor a time, was the motif
for an Informal tea at the home of Mm. J.
Q Brown to-day." Mre. Brown was amlnted
In' entertaining by Miss Gertrude Gould. Mr*.
Btach Soule. Mrs. J. M. Kelly. Miss Ethel
Moore and Mr». Poston.
Although not wishing to detract from the
praises always given the successful composer
It does seem a little unfair that the libretto
writer, the "man behind the -gun," as it were,
should' be forgotten or shine, at best, in re
flected light. The criticisms have said but
little of Will Irwln, whose story of the
Hamadryad* opened an avenue to fame for
Mr McCoy. Last year it was Dr. Stewart and
Montexuma. Once In a while we heard of
LouIb Robertson, the poet, and nothing at all
of Amedee Joullin, whese artist mind con
ceived the story and worked out the striking
details of costume and scenery.
Joullin toy the way, ha» Just returned from
a year's »tty in Paris and New York, and
vows there ia no place like California. One
of hi» pictures was nuns in ihe salon thla
year, his being one of the 600 chcoen, out of
COCO' judged. '
-Oakland was decidedly "In It" at the Jinks
concert yesterday. One of our own musicians,
W. J. McCoy, covered himself with glory;
Judge Melvin was the enly soloist, and there
were no fairer women In the Dig audience than
those who went from this side of the bay.
It W8s a fashionable audience and, what is
better an appreciative one. The music or the
"Hamadryads, or Masque of Apollo." by Mr.
McCoy." especially the "Dance of the Young
Hamadryads," intoxicating, inspiring and bub
bling with the very fullness of youth, called
forth a perfect ovation, as unexpected as It was
deff-rved. Always modest and unassuming. Mr.
McCoy has given little evidence of the fire
of genius that has tnen smoldering and which
the Bohemian Club spirit has at last fanned
Into a brilliant flame. Long may it burn'.
Among the smartly gowned women from
this side of the bay who enjoyed the concert
yesterday wer* Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Mrs. de
Go! la and Miss Noelle de Golia. Mrs. Robert
8 Kn'Kht. Mrs. Ecbert Stonf, Mrs. Ernest J.
Cotton. Mrs. K. G. Brown, Mr*. Frank I.
Kendall Mrs Prentiss Selby, Miss Florinne
Brown 'Miss Coralle Selby. Miss «Jeorgie Cop?
and Miss Carolyn . Oliver. Roland Oliver and
\Yult» r l^eimert were also In attendance.
This afternoon Mrs. May Albright was
hostese at a pretty, informal little affair — a
linen shower — complimentary to Miss Angus.
Besides the guest of honor thera were present
Mrs. O. J. Backus. Mrs. Morse. Miss Mary
Alverta Morse. Mrs. Henry A. Melvin, Miss
Ituth.Mors*. Mrs. \V. AV. Cran*. Mrs. Downey,
Mrs. W. J- 1 . Goodfellow. Miss Marion Good
fellow, Miss Bessie Haven. Mrs. George Al
bright. Mrs. William Duncan. Mrs. Howard
Bray Mrs. Frank Albright. Miss Grace Jor
dan and Mrs. A. K. Crawford.
..OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— Cupid is much . like
Russell Sate — or is it Mr. Sasfe that Is, like
Cupid? — In that he does not believe In vaca
tions, and if the weddings • that chase each
other along the calendar are r>roof3 of any
value, his work Is not for naught. The busy
little god a'sks but a "fair field and no favor,"
and Oakland seems to be his favorite camping
ground. Marriages are not nearly so frequent
in San Francisco's smart set, which speaks
well for the fascinations of , the suburban
maid.
A number of notable weddings will; vary
the monotony of September's social calendar,
the most imucrtant. perhaps, on account of
th* prominence of the parties concerned, being
that of Miss May Young and Dr. McNab on
September ¦«;:*. It will be a large arfair. too.
about -UO guests to be wltness-a of th« Inter
esting event.
On September 8 two charming girls will
bei/ome brides. Miss Elva Shay and Miss Alice
Anguk. Both will be home weddings. Miss An
gus, who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Angus, will marry a young business man
of Montreal. Canada, Arthur Louis Brodeur.
and, although the Anguses have a host ot
friends bt-re In the best circies, the wedding
will be very simple and with unly m few
friend? present. Miss Grace Jordan and Walton
Shuhaw will be the only attendants.
The stand for the judges of the water
carnival and the regatta committee has
been erected on Twelfth street, near
the boulevard, and the work of decor
ating the City Hall with electric lights
has been practically completed. This
afternoon workmen commenced to
string the wire's across Broadway and
Washington street for the street decor
ations. The work of draping bunting
on the City II -.11 Will be commenced to
morrow. • ¦
The secretary of the committee was
notified to-day that Company I, X. G.
C. of Livermore would be unable to
take part\n the parade as almost all
the members would turn out with Las
Positas Parlor of which they are also
members.*
Arrangements for the State celebra
tion are now nearly completed and but
little more remains for the committee
to attend to. The members of Stock
ton Parlor No. S7 will visit Oakland
one hundred and twenty-five strong
and -will appear in the parade in uni
form, headed by a brass band.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52 of San Fran
cisco will have nearly one hundred
men In line, each of whom will carry
a pink parasol and will be uniformed
in a suit to correspond.
SACRAMENTO, I.— E. F. Garrison.
Secretary Admls«nn uay Celebration Cornmlt-1
tee. Oakland. Cat.— Dear Sir and Brother: I
have received the very cordial Invitation you
seat lo i<aitkiiatff in the celebration of Ad
miFS'un day In Oakland a» a mie^t of the
committee. You will pieu?e accept my thanks
and inform the committee that 1 will be glad
to. take rart in the celebration and that I
hope to b> lnrorme.1 of particulars when the
day for the alTair approach's. Very truly
> c "". GEO. C. PARDEE.
The Admission' day celebration com
mittee received the following com
munication from Governor George C.
Pardee tu-day and it is now assured
that the Governor will attend the cele
bration as a guest of the committee:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 2.
Governor Fa idoe Accepts In
vitation to Attend Ad
mission Day Celebration
WILL BE GUEST
OFCOMMITTEE
CUPID IS BUSY.
WIFE OF LOCOMOTIVE'- EN
GINEER. WHO ENDED HER
LIFE IN A TRAGIC MANNER.
After the procession has b«»en dis
bsirled festivities will begin at Idora
Park. Games, dancing, . tugs-of-war
and an old fashioned barbecue are in
cluded in the programme of event*.
For the barbecue eight- beeves, with
shtep. hogs and luOO loaves of bread,
have been provided. In the tus-of
war teams from tlie «:-arnent?rs. cooks
and waiters, butchers, clerks. J'->ng
shorcmen. tallymen, horseshoers and
teamsters will contend.
The committee announces that sev
eral unions from San Francisco will
take part in the parade. Fifteen un
ions will have emblematic floats in
I;ne. Forty unions have reported for
a place in the procession. Prizes will
b<- awarded £or the union parading
the largest number of men. for the
most attractive display, and for th?
best float. The judges will be Charle3
Peiry. president of the Central L«bor
Council; M. J. Keller of the- Board of
Trade and Theodore Gier of th» Mer
chants' Exchange.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— Labor day cel
ebration plans have been completed.
The morning parade, composed of four
divisions of labor union?, will march
at 10 o'clock through the principal
business streets and will be reviewed
by school children massed on Grove
street and San Pablo avenue.
Parade to Be Followed hy Bip: Barbe
cue, With Games and Exer
rises at Idora Park.
LABOR UNIONS FINISH
PIRN'S FOK CELEBRATION
The reception to-night was in
charge of a committee composed of
Mrs. Amanda Smith, Mrs. L. Heich
man. Miss Josie Nonemacher, Miss Ida
Haas, Mrs. R. Evers, Mrs. X. Samp
son, J. Sorenson and Mrs. L. Lavin.
On the general committee of arrange
ments were J. Palinbaum, E. A. Gil
man and S. Palinbaum.
Sessions will be held to-morrow and
Sunday. The. officers and directors of
the State association are as follows:
President, J. Shaw Gillespie of San
Francisco; vice president, F. H. Par
ker of Santa Cruz; secretary. "W. T.
Jones of San Francisco; treasurer,
Mrs. A. E. "Wadsworth of San Fran
cisco; corresponding secretary, Paul
S. Gillette of Oakland; directors. H. C.
O. Blenness of Los Angeles, Mrs. A.
F. Brown of Los Gatos, E. W. Briggs,
F. T. Lellich of San Francisco.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2. — The ninth an
nual convention of the Spiritualists'
Association of California opened to
day at Foresters' Hall, Clay and Thir
teenth streets, 125 delegates being
present. The day was devoted to bus
iness. This evening a banquet was
held. J. Shaw Gillespie was presiding
officer and W. T. Jones ' secretary-
Followers of Sect Open Ninth Yearly
Session, Which Will Continue
Until Sunday Night.
BADELSTER, Saxony, Sept. 2.—In
vestigations pursued in behalf of the
former guardians of Princess Louise of
Saxe-Coburg, who escaped from her
hotel Tuesday morning:, show that after
securing her personal liberty, she in
tends seeking a divorce with the pur
pose of marrying Lieutenant Count
Matassich-Keglevlch.
ROME, Sept. 2.— The report cabled
from Rome and circulated in the
United States that Princess Louise of
Coburg had arrived at Como, accom
panied by Lieutenant Matasslch-Kekle
vich and that the pair was staying at
the Hoter" Pllnius under the name of
Von Ruff and wife is altogether un
true.
PARIS, Sept. 2.— Henri Dencusanne.
a friend' of Count Matassich-Kegle
vich, writing to the Journal, says that
as a consequence of the escape of Prin
cess Louise of Coburgr from Badelster,
a suit will be brought in the Austrian
courts for the rehabilitation of Count
Matassich-Keglevich and also that' a
suit, will be brought by the Princess
against her husband, probably in the
Paris courts, in which startling charges
will be made against Prince Philippe
of Coburg, the King of the Belgians
and Duke Ernst Guenther of Schles
wig-Holstein, a brother of the German
Empress. *
Princess Ixmise, Investigation Shtnvs,
Intends to Marry Man for Whom
She Gave Up Everything.
WANTS A DIVORCE SO THAT
SHE CAN WED LIEUTENANT
Thf annual salamacundl xiv»>n by the As
sociated \V..rr.eu Students tn women freshmen
wp.r attended by more than 500 students. '"Mrs.
i>rk»-ley"B Wax YVciUs" served a» the prin
cipal rtiv«rsir.n. Miss Florence IV.rker. '05,
l*ii!g Mrs. Berkeley. Ml« Bcrtinc Woil«>n-
JrfTj, ;.nd ili>« l'hwb* I'-inney wrre among
ih- entertsin'.r*.
The Associated Graduate Students will give
a rerrpticn '.n honor of nil graduate ntudents
en Mfiniav evenin*. .ScD:»mber V2, in Stiles
Hall. Th»- aSair will l*r in . charg* of Miss
Taluliah !* Con!*, Mif* Pcrtia Ackerman,
Mlw M?.r:etin K. Ednar<;» and Frederick
Uianc hard.
Th» rect-ptlcn cf President and Mrs. Whee.er
in honor of the freshman clasp ;n Hearst Hall
this exen'nc was largely attended. Invlta
tliriF hail bet-n »ent uut to lfltfT people and
nearly ull impended.
Cuacr. Jitnff HobpT anci Manager Ezra
Decoti* ar»: necctiatinc to secure Fred O.
•Jre.sbere cf the- ' lamfcoir'jrj eleve-n to assist
in tf.J coaching to this year> varsity ;*am.
•Jrciibt.rfc Is rtiuctant to leaw his work a?
»n f-yrftrhal engineer in the employ of San
i'nrtn-jttj. tut rr.ay be prevailed upon to come.
•Jrclfrberg «i.< k"..a?u on the '\>j team and
Hoj^er wj.r cvaitrrbat k.
'ihr efffits <r lo<> men are concentrated in
ihs fffcrt to •¦oznpiete Caliiornia Hall, so that
it «ril] be ready ti> receive the administrative
officers and studtr.'s by the hrn of the year.
A iarce ;art of ;he steel * an.i stone work
I* already v.- tnd t^e rent of it will be rap
idly forccJ along In the h. ;>«• that a roof
will lie ;->a<ed above the etrutturc befoi* the
¦rfuter la'ns beain.
Owire to il<e crcwUed condition of his
classroon:. 'Protestor . U. M«>r*e t-te.-!ien» cf
the hi-tory «ieusrtir.e!ii fu_» been xorceu to
deny a«im!*Rrn to a!) bat regular students.
The lecture ro;.ni in Sules Hail, whicn was
s ""..reri inrtioularly tor Pro;e.«iior
han J.rn irnndeU daily, no thai many etu
<i<ri.t» could not tven pet into Ihe Dlace.
President Whaler addressed the first meet
ing of women 'itudfintu yesvtrday arternoon
in Hearst Hall, His advice to them wa« that
they meat take .niianiac* of ati th»- univer
sity i.r'ijr.rtunitl"*. be».au*e it His th*"ni for
lb" fj<i*.1 duties of !iie.
nfidence of the Chinese
The Hev. W. A. Maklin. aft«r serving
twenty y«-ars as a n«.»t: jcci y in Nankin,
i 'ulna, has inkett u;> the study of agriculture,
at the College of Agriculture, fcls object b^ing
to acquire a scientttlc lin:«ledee oi tarmlntr
ar:d di-.trjinr, so .-that -'he may return and lrt
trr-Juci- American Lntrihoos among th<- Chinese.
Or. Makiin if cqf netted with tne mlemcnary
txjaru cf the Christian church and enjoys the
Koberl L>iu>ouey of Paris, who delivered the
iim srr!e*" hi Hide French ;ec:ure». has been
retameo &» a member of th«- faculty of this
unuert-Ky. ile will, eive courses in higher
Krfnch and literature.
BERKELEY, Sept. 2 — Leslie M. Shaw, Sec
retary of the Cnited Stales Treasury Depart
ment, who will open the Republican cam
paign In California to-morrow r.!gnt. will ad
dress the students cf the university at 4
o'clock next Tuesday afternoon In Harmon
Gviunafiuir.. The subject uf his speech Is not
>>t announced.
STATE SPIRITUALISTS IX
ANNUAL CONVENTION
UNiVtRbliYtVhNTS
Baldwin said his wife left home yes
terday morning. He saw nothing more
of her until he was summoned to the
Morgue. • ":V-"V-
The train men believe that the
woman hid behind two large bridge
timbers and jumped in front of the en
gine just as it was opposite her place
of concealment. -'-'*-»
Engineer Baldwin runs on the same
line where his wife was killed. He has
an opposite run to-, that of Engineer
Lorensen. The couple resided at 840
Alice street. Mrs. Baldwin was about
40 years old. She was a daughter of
J. D. Plitt, formerly proprietor of the
Plittsville hotel. She was a sister of
Mrs. Joseph Dieves.
According to her husband, who had
been apprised of his wife's death by the
Morgue officials, who had the body
identified, Mrs. Baldwin had been suf
fering for a long time from frequent
spells of melancholia. Of late the at
tacks had been so, numerous that the
woman's mind seemed to have been
affected.
* *
OAKLAND, Sept. 2. —That Mrs.
Emma Baldwin, wife of E. L,. Baldwin,
a Sc-uthern Pacific Company locomo
tive engineer, i committed suicide by
throwing herself in front of a local
train on Alice street bridge last night
is suspected by her husband. The
woman's body was recovered from the
harbor near the Alameda approach to
the bridge this morning by Fred
Thompson, first officer c-f the steamer
Empire," moored near the bridge.
The only marks of violence were
about the woman's head, where she
had evidentiy been struck by the loco
motive pilot. The skull was crushed
and showed that the blow had prob
ably caused instant death. An autopsy
disclosed no water on the lungs, prov
ing that Mrs. Baldwin was dead when
her body fell into the. bay. " t '.
On the 11 o'clock trip of the Webster
street train last night. Engineer Toby
Lorensen thought he saw a white obr
Ject on the bridge as the engine neared
the Alameda end of the draw. Loren
sen felt satisfied that a human being
had" been struck. He stopped to see
what had occur--- 1 and was further
convinced when, under the glare of. his
engine lamps he saw splotches of Mood
and a fluttering bit of woman's gar
ment on the pilot.
Search was made over the bridge
and around the tracks, but not a sign
of a body was discovered. It was not
until daybreak and the finding of Mrs.
Baldwin's body that the engineer's sus
picions were verified.
Why Mrs. Baldwin should have been
wandering about the Alice street bridge
late at night was a mystery. It is only
a railroad bridge, there being neither
wagon nor pedestrian roadway on the
structure:
The association is hopeful that this
work will be pressed rapidly now that
the total fund is in excellent shape.
There are m2ny preliminary details to
be settled, but the building committee
has them in hand and is making prog
ress. * •
The directors have requested Mr.
Kling to delay his departure for a
month that they may have ample time
in which to canvass the field for the
selection of his successor. The post
will be peculiarly onerous because of
the work ahead of building and in
stalling the association in its new
home.
William A. Kling, secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association,
will soon retire to accept one of sev
eral offers of like positions that have
.come to him from important associa
tion centers in Eastern cities.
The successful canvass to raise
$200,000 for the construction of a new
Y. M. C. A. building in Oakland was
conducted under Mr. Klines direction-
He came to Oakland on invitation of
the board of directors to take special
charge of that work. It is practically
completed and. in view of the tenders
from the East, Secretary Kling feels
that his term of service in the local
association can be ended without in
terfering with the new plans of the
organization.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 2.
. "You must pay to h^Ip support her
at the rate of $4 50 a week and $20
for her attorney. After the triai of
the cas« this may be changed, but if
you fail to pav her this amount severe
measures will be taken to se*» that you
fulfill your part of the obligation."
For having deserted the wife who
had married when he was earning
only Jl a day. Walter Clausen was
lectured by Judge Offden to-day and
ordered to pay his wife 14 50 a week
for her support, as his wages were
lately raised to $2 a day. This sum
must be paid until the divorce pro
ceedings now pending are finally dis
posed *bf.
Clausen is a plasterer's apprentice
and when he married was earning $1
a day. After a y»ar of married life
&nd when his pay had been increased
to $2 a day he tired of marital bonds
and deserted his home. Judge Ogden
pointed out to him the bravery of the
unman who had married him upon
such a pittance and the fact that he
owed her allegiance. "During the
most trying part of your married life,
when you had the least to live on.
jour wife stayed by you and when
you got a raise you ¦ left her. As
things became easier you should have
done everything but leave her, and
your excuse that the amount you
make is not enough to support two
people comes at too late a day," said
th«. Judge.
Oakland Office Sari Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 2.
Bench show committee — W. E.
Chute, Max Abrams and Thomas
Gregory: veterinary, Dr. K. O. Steers;
superintendent, W. E. Chute.
Entries "have been received in the
following classes: Puppy class, novice
class, limit class, open class and win
ners' class.
Dogs of all colors and descriptions
barked, howled and whined a protest
against being put on exhibition at the
first^annual dog 'show of the Oakland
Kennel Club, which opened this after
noon in a big. tent at the. corner of
Twelfth and Jackson . streets. One
hundred and twenty-three entries
have been received for the. show,
which' will continue until to-morrow
evening. Three prizes will be awarded
in each class as follows: First, club
silver, medal and blue ribbon; second,
club bronze medal and red ribbon;
third, club rosette and green ribbon.
Ihe judging of the various entries
began this afternoon and will c-on
t'nue to-morrow morning and after
noon. At the close of the show a
complete list of prize winners will be
published. Owing to the absence of
Dr. George W. Clayton, the regular
judge of the show, who was badly
hurt this morning by being caught
under a falling tent pole, the prizes
will be awarded by a board of Judges
composed of Phil M. Wand. Thomas
Blight, John Bradshaw and W. E.
Chute. Dr. Clayton's injuries will
confine him to his bed for several
days.
In addition to the regular class
prizes handsome trophies have been
ofiered for the best dog of each breed
entered.
The. officers of the show and the
Oakland Kennel Club, which was or
ganized on July 25, 1904, are: Presi
dent, Walter S. Moore; vice president,
John Douglass; secretary-treasurer,
W. E. Chute.
Oakland Office San' Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 2.
Dr. Hopkins addressed himself to
student aims and the religious side of
student life and was well received.
Hart Greensfelder was called to the
speakers' stand to explain the state
of the West Berkeley Social Settle
ment, which has been revived, and he
called for the support of all students
for this worthv in«titution.
Harmon Gymnasium was crowded
to the doors this morning, the attrac
tion being two speakers of note, who
were present to address the second
university meeting of the new term.
The speakers were Professor William
A. Setchell. head of the department of
botany, and the Rev. William Herman
Hopkins, the newly elected pastor of
the First Congregational Church.
Professor Setchell appeared before
the students for the first time since
his return from a trip around the
world, observing and studying the
methods in vogue in the botanical
gardens of all countries. Professor
Setchell devoted himself largely to a
description of student life in the great
universities and the difference be
tween the methods followed there and
in America. In Oxford and Heidel
berg he found that the students have
entirely different ways of manifesting
their university spirit from those in
America.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214 8 Center Street. Sept- 2.
Charlea Overshiner. H. Ray Hortcm and
wife. Mrs. E. P. Truett. Mr. Truett Jr.. George
Glover. Albert Searl and wife. Master Sear!,
J. B. Elliot. G. F. Van Velzer and aon. Mrs.
E. E. Swanton. "W. S. Spencer. J. H. Bennett
and wife. C. J. McDlvett, wife and son. A.
A. PIddlngton and wife. D. G. Holt and w1f».
Misses Eunice and Laurena McLAren. J. A.
Medlar, wife and sister. Edward St«itz ani
wife. R. R. McKlnney. P. H. BodMa and
daughter. Mrs. S. C. Smith. P. Millekin and
wife. O. W. Freeman. l>. M. Holt and wife.
C. Lovelace and wife. J. V. Ryan and wlf».
Charles Fleming- and wife. J. I* Matthews
and wife. Miss M. Touaj. Harry ries. Edgar
Johnson.
Members of the Southern California
Editorial Association will arrive in
this city to-day at 9 o'clock over the
coast route. During the day they will
be guests of the California Promotion
Committee. Upon their arrival they
wlll take a special car at the ferry
building, viewing the decorations on
Market street and taking in Golden
Gate Park and the Cliff House. At
12:20, through the courtesy of the
California Northwestern Railroad and
Mount Tamalpais road, they will go
by special train to Mount Tamalpais.
where at 2 o'clock they will be ten
dered a luncheon by the daily press
of San Francisco.
Members of. the local press and. of
the California Promotion Committee
will entertain the visitors during the
day. The party will leave on the 6
o'clock overland for the East in spe
cial Pullmans for St. Louis, where
they will participate in the exercises
on California day. Among the mem
bers of the party are the following:
Plans Are 3Iade for Excursions to
Different Points of Interest, In
cluding Mount Tamalpais.
Makes Him Pay Her $1 50 a
I Week and Threatens Pun
ishment Should He Fail
Dr. George W. Clayton of
Chicago Is. Seriously . Hurt
by a Falling Tent Pole
Second University Meeting
of the Year Attracts
a Crowd to Gymnasium
Retiring Officer 3Iakes a
Successful Canvass for
Funds for New Building
SOUTHERN* EDITORIAL.
PARTY WILL. ARRIVE TO-DAY
GREETS OLD FRIENDS
LAUDS WIFE'S BRAVERY
JUDGE SUFFERS INJURY
COMPLETES HIS LABOES
Because Walter Clausen Only
Earned a Dollar a Day Was
No Excuse for Desertion
First Annual Fall Show
of Oakland Kennel Club
Opens With Many Entries
Christian Association Di
rectors Are Looking for a
Successor to W. A. Kling
Professor W. A. Setckell
Describes the Methods Ob
served in Foreign Land
BLOODED DOGS
ON EXHIBITION
JUDGE SCORES
YOUNG HUSBAND
NEW SECRETARY
TO BE CHOSEN
WOMAN PLUNGES TO DEATH
IN FRONT OF LOCOMOTIVE
Mrs. Emma Baldwin, Wife of a Railroad Engineer, Appears
Like a White Specter on Alice-Street Bridge and Her
Body Is Hurled Intothe Bay— She Hid Been 111 of Mind
TELLS THE WAY
STUDENTS LIVE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of 'fact, however, teeth
never ache — it is the nerves. Never
mind, caii it what you like, we can cure
It. We "will Bave the achers If 'possible.
That Is. if you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental work
for little money.
©old runoffs. .$1.00 Silver riUlnffs. ..50o
Gold Crowns. .53.00. Porcelain Crowe «..ga
Past-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATX.OS ST.. SAW FKABTCISOO.
VT» WwUatton St., Oakland.
BajB Jom. .• • . « ftaenuaeato.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TEE CALL IN ;
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone -Main 10S3.
BERKELET.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 339..•' Barrage 'transferred, to and' from all trains,
steamera, - etc". ' at , low} rates. . i On* trunk ¦ (sin
cle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents." Morton
Special • Delivery, SOS 'Taylor ' st.y 650 > Market
•t., ' Oakland ' Ferry ' Depot. Pboat Exchange 4tf«
Xotlce • to ¦. Passengers.
A. G. Bruederly. a machine hand
•working in a furniture factory at 413
Shotwell street, lost three fingers of
his right-hand -yesterday by- a buzz
saw.'; "The. injured 'mari was sent to
the" City, and. County," Hospital, whera
Dr. W. M. ;Lawler dressed the man
gled'stumps. : r " - .
Uuzzsa w Cuts ,' Off . Finders.
We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for.. "The Marshall," the best'Jl fountain
pen ever made.- Sanborn,- Vail & Co 741
Market street. , .. ¦ "' •
Good; Points to Remember.
TO ARRIVEl
Stfamer. From. 1 Due.
Chas. Nelson.' San Pedro 'Sept. 3
Tlianla j Nanalzno |bfpt. 3
Qutfu j Puget Pound Ports Sept. 3
K. LH.llar 1 Ssn Pedro '. ..|Sept. 3
Frokane Seattle .Sept." 4
Atctic ' Humboldt 'Sept. 4
V.'. Kruser... , Hurr.boldt 'Fept. 4
• Jiedondo j Portiand & Astoria .'Sept. 4
S. Barbara...! Grays Harbor ISept. 5
Cfcehalie Pan Pedro Se;>t. S
P. Monica ; Pan P<*iio Sept. r>
Pomona ; Ilutrboldt 'Sept. 5
State of Cal ..; San Diego & IVay Pts.lSept. 5
<:oo« Cay Pan Pedro & Way Pta.'Scpt. 6
fi. W. Elder.. Portland A- Astoria IPept. 5
Del Norte ; Orient City !Krpt. 8
• Mai-fc!r.aw Tacoma iScpt. 6
¦I'orao i Point Arena & Albion. .[Sept. «
Ma:-ipo*a j Tahiti 'Sept. «
Breakwater.. Coos Eay 'Sept. «
Argo { Ee! River Ports !Sept. 7
narracouta.. ., New York via Ancon. . Sett. 7
<."enter.rial... j Seattle & Tacoma JSept. 7
Aurelia j PortJand & Astoria ISept. 7
Corona Humboldt ISept. 8
City Purbla.. Puget .Sound Ports (Sept. 8
StmiRoji.. I San DIeiro & VTay Pts.iSept. 8
I'olrt Arena..' Mendoclno & Pt. ArenaiSept. 8
Rainier Beattle & Belllnrham.iKfpt. >S
Abydo* Hitabur; & Way Ports. )<?«pt. 9
Bonita Newport &. Way Ports. iSept. 9
- North Fork.. Humbo'.dt ISept. 10
Nevatfaa Honolulu & Kahulul. JSepL 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria i-Scpt. Jl
Hathor Seattle IS*>pt. 1 1
.Korea China & Japan 'Sejt. 12
Alam««!a Honolulu |S«pt. 1*
Umatllla Pturet Sound Ports J Sept. 13
TXTSA^U
Steamer. , Dertination. ] Saili.l Pier.
September 3. I j
Bequola WllUn* Harbor II? miPW 20
Homer Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO amlPier 13
- Newburs..-! Grays Harbor 4 pmifirr lw
Elizabeth.. ; CoQiiille River .... 6 pmiPler 20
Saa Pedro.. Huroboldt .1 4 pmiPler 2
l't. Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pmlPler 2
Anco i Eel River Pcrts... 4 pmlPler 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pa' Pier 20
Ncrir.:and.. Artoria &. Portland, 1 S pmfPler 27
Septeaiter 4. I I
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.J10 amlPier 10
P. Rosa San Diejto & Way.i t» amiPier II
Corona Hurcboldt }l:30pPier 9
North Fork HumboJdt I S pm Pier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandill amjPler 24
Bonita Newport & Way. ..I 9 rmJPier 11
September 5. ! i
F. narbara. Ix>s Angeles Ports.| 1 paiiPler 2
P. Monica.. 1 Grays Harbor jl<» amPltr 2
Chehalls... ! Grayfi Harbor I 3 pm'Pier 2
Eurekn I Humboldt 12 m'Pler l",
Xaqua Uumbcldt 9 am | Pier *
September 7. I i
Fanioa Jx>s Anjreles Ports.tJO amiPier 2
Pomona Hurobcldt |l:3Up'Pier u
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . 110 amlPier 11
Queen [ Pugct EouDd Ports'll am Pier U
Arctic j Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
September 8. \\ .
. Breakwater Coos Bay direct .... 8 pm Pier 8
Pomo Pt- Arena & Albion C pm Pier 2
State of Cal. Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' Coo* Bay... I Ean Pedro & Way. 9 am PJer 11
Sierra j Sydney & Way... 2 ptn Pter 7
• Coptic J China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
• September 9. - • ¦ | -
G. XV. Elder Aatcria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
September 10.
Aurelia Astort . & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Acapulco.. X.. T. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
September 12.
CltyPuebia Puret Sound Ports. It am Pier 8
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
September 13. --
Btider Seattle & BeUnfhm 4 pm Pier SO
The Broadway Bank and .Trust
Company of Los Angeles, as holder
of the assigned • x claim of - Robert
Beyrle, a, contractor, yesterday began
suit In the Superior Court against the
Producers' Sayings Bank of .' Bakers
field for $26,838 94and interest from
March 31, -1902. The amount is said
to be due for work performed ¦ In the
construction , of a bank - building I at
Bakersfleld. Out of the promised' pay
ments in Installments the contractor
received, it is said.'only $8107;- v'
Contractor Is Xot Paid.
Theejtpert examination /of attor
neys as to the fee which should be
paid to Bradley & McKinstry for ser
vices performed in the administration
of the estate of Jose Guardiola was
cumini..! }.sterday by Judge Troutt
until a wefk from next Monday. On
that date two more experts will be
examined in 1 ehaJf of the law firm to
complete the. list of eight agreed upon
and then the opposition will produce
eight contrary opinions. The wit
nesses examined yesterday were \ C
Morrison. N. B. Sharp, E. S. Pills
bury and John Barrett,' all' bf high'
standing at the bar, and they were all
of the opinion that Bradley & Mc-
Kinstry should receive from $25 000
to $30.0.00 for their legal labors.
The Gnnrdlola Fees.
SEATTLE— Arrive* Sept 2, C a m— Stmr
Jefferson, from Skagway.
Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Santa Clara, for Ska*,
way. i ', " - - .-' '¦¦' ¦-• -
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Rain
ier, hence Aug 28. . .-
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Chlco- fm
Bandon; stmr Bee, hence Sept 28.
Arrived Sept 2— Fr baric Erizeux, " from Ant
werp.
Sailed Sept 2— Br stmr Crusader, ' for China;
stmr Whlttler. for San - Francisco. ;
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 2— Ital
ship Reglna Elena, for Valparaiso. •
Arrived Sept 2— Bktn John C Meyer, from
Nome. " • . • > ¦
Sailed Sept 2— Bktn Kllkltat. for. San Pran
clsco. ' ¦ • . . '
PORT HARFORD — Balled Sept 2.' 2 p m —
Stmr Alcatraz. for San Francisco..^ • '• ,.>>:
• TATOOSH — Passed- In i Sept 1 .2 — Schr^' Wra
Olsen.* hence Aug 10 for Port Townsend.
Passed out > Sept -2— Ship Jabez, Howes, Tor
Sydney. iwHMMHHfti&SH
DOMESTIC PORTS
SPOKEN-
Per ship Standard— Aug 22. lat 47 11 N, long
139 12 XV. etmr St Paul, from San Francisco
for Nome. .
POINT LOBOS— Sept 2. 10 pm— Weather
foggy; wind SW: velocity C miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday. September 2.
Etmr F A Kllburn, Thomp*on, Port Rogers.
Stror Maggie. Hogan, Halfrr.oon Bay.
Stmr Acme. Reed Bear Harbcr.
Stmr Prentiss. Ahlstrom. Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Cella. Ncrdberg. Albion. . .
Stmr Grace Dollar. Oisen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coronado. Peterson. San Pedro.
Stror Acm«. Reed. Grays Harbor. ¦
Stmr Umaillla. Nopaader. Victoria and Port
Townsend. • .
Stmr City of Panama. Thompson. , Ancon
{canal zone) via Mexican and Central Ameri
can ports.
Schr Queen. Taulsen. Port Gamble.
Rchr Jamea A Garfleld, Norby. Everett.
Bcnr W F Jewett. Petteraon/ Graya Harbor.
SAILED,
Friday. September 2.
Stmr Santa Rtxt, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports: Pac Coast S S Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander. Victoria, etc; Pac
Coast S S Co. . .
Stmr City pf Panama. Thompson. Ancon
fcanal zone) via Mexican and Central Ameri
can ports: Pac Mail S S Co.
Cr ehlp Drumburton^ Thomas, Seattle; John
Darnenon. k . ,- . .. '|
ARRIVKD.
Friday. September 2.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland, 20 hours from Mon-
Stmr Iaqua. Gundereon, 42 hours from San
Stmr Santa Cruz. Eagles. 6 hours from Moss
Landing. """S ¦•;•_-*•¦
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 15 hours from
Stmr Bonita, Preble, 68 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. 28 hours from
Eureka.
Etmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, < hours from
Port Roger*. : • , ¦¦
Stmr Coronado. Peterson, 04 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put in to land
passengers. .
Stmr Corona Glelow. 19 hours from Eureka.
Slmr Coqullie Rlvrr. Adler. 43 hours from
Crescent City, bonnd routh;- put In to land
passengers. ~,^« V 4
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 15 hours from
Greenwood. Up river direct.
Stmr Argo Dunham. 2tt hours from Eel
River. ¦ " -'-—'V-" '
Stmr Ean Pedro. Rasmussen, 25 hours from
Stmr" Alliance IUrdwlcU. 6 days from Port
land via Coos Eay 3 days, via Eureka 23 hrs.
Ship Standard, Getchell. 24 days fm Egeirak.
Erlg "Geneva. Chase, if days from Port
Blakeley
Schr Sophie Chrlstensen. Lunva!dt, S days
from Grays H2rbor.
CLEARED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Cynicus— The propagation of the hu
man race depends upon early mar
riages Sillicus— How do you make
that out? Cynicus— Well, if u man
waited until he was really old enough
to get married he vrouldn't.
The Pacific Mall CompanyV steamer City of
Panama sailed yesterday- for the Isthmus with
a full cargo and about a score of passengers.
City of Panama Sails.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Pun rises .• 5:4t
Sun Fets 0:37
Mocn rises 11:5C p. m.
C .Time' iTimei |TIme • (Time
* | 1 Ft. ! ! Ft. I Ft. ( Ft.
? |H Wj jL \\\ lH -VV 1L W
3 I 0:C7| 3.6!ll:fHi! 2.8! 5:00 6.11
!L \V iH W iL W lH W
4 i i»:22l' O.C 7:22| 3.S'12:10 2.7! «:15 5.3
h I li22 0.2 8:24) 4.l| 1:18 2.7> 7:20 .5.4
« 2:15J 0.0 fl:14 4.5| 2:17| • 2.51 S:22 S.S
7 :;-04' — 0 2! 0:57| 4.3. 3:121 2.2! U:22 ft."
8 3:50— 0.310:37) 5.2! 4:00J 1.7!10:13j OJ
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the tarlv morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
•lay in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dav except when there are but three tide*, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coa«t Survey Chart*, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
o* the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
To Centra! America— 241j Lbls flour, C1.5C0
lbs rice, 1004 Its ham and Lacon. !<455 lbs
malt. 2140 lbs dried fruit. 144 c* canned goods.
510 j>kg.« potato**, iti pUg* onions, 27*0 Ib«
lard. 2» pkg* fresh fruits. sCT lbs raisins. 1000
lbs bean?. 54ti« lbs apices. 00 pkgs groceries
i.n4 provisions. 04 cs whisky. 2WJ gals wine,
*~2'.i clis corn. 29.71S lbs tallow. 4.'5S«i lbs soda.
12 pkci plumbing material. 12 coils rope, 37
Ikes machinery. IS pkirs paper. 2244 lbs cop
perasp. W bdls' 11 pes pipe. 12 pkgs tar, 55
flasks ouickFilver. 8 bdls oars, 155 pkss struc
luu! iron. .'».4«M f: lumber. 15 pkgs leather.
is.om |bs cttntct. 153 I'kgs paints and oils,
2-'. ¦> »\:r.v. and ammunition. 2U2 c? coal oil.
T.j Mexico— 20 bxs paste. W gals wine. 1
cf il rop«>. 4 halts oakum, 4 bars tte^l, 2 bales
dncV, -' iikgs spikf-5.
To Panamai — 3fO bbls flour. 106 gals wine.
".(» rrts cnionr. OO crts potatoes, 19« crts gar
br -' <s <!rj" Soods.
To Columbia — S><5 bblf flour. C000 lbs rire. 13
5 kfc-s fie»h vegetables, 4320 ft lumber, 120 bdls
efcingle*.
To New York — 40.S5O gals wine. 12,800 lbs
i.T.v h!d. s. C4 bale* regs.
iw Ja.n-.aica — SW c» tanned salmon.
Sflilin? of I lie I 'ana ma Steamer.
The steamer City cf Panama sailed yester
day lor ihe Isthmus cf Panama and way pcrts
with a general .merchandise cargo valued at
K9.6M. to be distributed as follows: For Cen
tra! \meric* JX.713; Mexico. $306; Panama.
IZlVi- Columbia. $7U1; New York, J22.24G; Ja
maica. USD; Chi>. $::.-<; Germany. »1GU; Aus
tria 1130. The leading txports were as fol-
J. Schuler, 20 Third street, "John
Doe" Davis, 213 Seventh street; E. T.
Walsh, 481 Haight street; G. Sneath,
851 Howard street; E. Lanzedorf.
1C06 Polk street; S. Marron. 2019 Fill
more street; C. Evans, 136 Hartford
street; G. Ramender, 2318 Fillmore
street; M. Martignolia, 924 Larkin
street; J. Moran, 2817 Mission street;
Forsyth .& Schultz, 420 McAllister
street; Leipsic Bros., 1421 Buchanan
street; H.Anixter, 1416 Devisadero
street; Stone & Co.. 1515 California
street; L. Ai\thenien, 19 Capp street;
H. Lichtenstein, 59 Broderick street;
C. Vosti, 1507 Mason street; AV. F. A.
Brewer, 1515 Fillmore street; Charles
Paul,, 122 Sixth street; W. Summers
159 Second street; "John Doe" Berg
1822 Howard street; G. L. Perham'
2779 Fulton street; J. M. Furrer, 31
Duboce avenue; J. F. Julio, 209 Leaven
worth street; J. Brown, 721 Howard
street, and F. Baumann, 449 Third
street.
The Board of • Health has 1 com
menced its crusade against milkmen
and others , who are "accused of vio
lating-the health 'laws by selling,
keeping or offering to sell adulterated
and diluted cream." ' Yesterday Food
Inspectors T. P. Lydon and J. F. Der
ham and Dairy Inspector E. B. O'Con
nor swore out warrants before Po
lice Judges Cabaniss and Conlan for
the arrest of the following alleged vio
lators:
Warrants Sworn Out for the Arrest of
Twenty-Six Milkmen for Selling
Adulterated Cream.
HEALTH BOARD BEGINS
CHUSADE FOR PURE FOOD
I Baker 30.14 7« 46 NW Clear .00
Carson ...* 20,82 J>4~ 4»i E Clear '.00
Eureka 30. OS 54 52 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.7K 1W) 04 NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon. 29. 89 f>4 52 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.88 78 44 N Pt.CIdy .00
Pocatello :»0.14 76 44 N Clear .00
Independence .29.SU HO G4 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles. .29. SO H8 C2 SW Clear ..CO
Mt Tamalpals.2».!K) St; C2 NW Clear .l>0
North Head... 30.20 52 S2 NW Cloudy .00
Pho.=nix 20.74 102 72 XV Pt.CIdy .00
Pt Rryes Lt-.^.N'-' <i5 fl!) NW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.00 S2 , r i4 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.78 104 70 N Clear .00
Roseburs 30.04 8(i 50 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.78 94 tiO S Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.02 70 54 NW Clear .00
San FranciBCO.29.SS 70 50 W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.2i».82 84 50 S Clear .00
San Diego 29.82 72 O» SW Clear .00
Soattle 36.16 74 70 NW Clear. .00
j Spcknne 30.12 84 48 SW Cloudy .00
I Tatoofch 30.22 50 50 SW Pt.CIdy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 04 88 54 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.04 82 4S NE Clear .00
Yuma 29.74 102.04 SE Clear .08
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Showery weather is reported along the Mexi
c.-rn boundary and thunder storms have oc
curred from El Paso to Yuma. At El Paso a
maximum wind velocity of 34 miles, from the
east, has occurred..
Somewhat warmer weather prevails in Cali
fornia. In the groat valley afternoon tempera
tures range from 90 to 100 degrees. Along the
I coast the highest temperatures range from
! 70 to SO degrees.
i At Honolulu. H. I., light easterly winds
prevail. Minimum temperature, 72 degrees;
current, SO degrees.
j Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 3:
Northern Cal!fornia-*-Falr Saturday; contin
ued warm weather in the interior; brisk west
erly wind on the coast, with fog. .
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, prob
ably thunder storms in the mountains; light
southerly wind.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light south wind, changing to brisk westerly..
Los Angelep and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
possibly showers; light southwest wind.
For Fresno — Fair Saturday, continued warm
weather; light north wind.
For Sacramento and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
continued warm weather: light south wind.
San Jose and vicinity— Fa\r Saturday, contin
ued warm weather;' light north wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
. 1 JU
Passed In Sept 2— Br Btm r Wyefield, hence
Aug 30 for Ladysmlth.
EUREKA — Hailed Sept 1— Stmr South Bay,
for San Francisco. Aug 2— Stmr Manda'.ay,
for San Francisco. • - _
Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Pomona, hence Sept.l;
stmr Lakme. hence Aug 31.
Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Navarro. hence Aug 31.
Sailed Sept 2— StmrB Noyo and Eureka, for
I San Francisco. §
j » L'HON — Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Pomo, hence
I 'i-OKT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 2— Schr Spo
kane, hence Aug 16.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr
Coos> Bay, for San Francisco; stmr State cf
California, for San Diego.
EGEGAK— Sailed Aug 0— Batk W W Case,
for San Francisco. ' ......
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 2 — Stmr James
S HIggins. hence Aug 31; stmr Melville Dol
lar, frcin Everett.
Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr ' Marshfie!d, for San
Francisco; stmr San Gabriel, for Umpqua
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept ' 2— Schr
Luzon, for Rfdondo; schr Watson A West,
for South Africa; stmr Santa Barbara. -for
San Pfdro. . ¦ '¦'¦ ¦
Arrived Sept 2 — Schr A B Johnson, -hence
XviNSLOW— Sailed Sept 2— BUtn John
Smith, for Bellingham.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 2— Br ship Queen
Victoria, from Cardiff; Btmr* Alameda, hence
1-5 '-* FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON" — Arrived Aug CO— Stmr Finance, fm
New York. ;
Sailed Aus 31 — Stmr Alltanca. for New York.
HIOGO — Arrived Aug 20—^Brstmr Machaon.
from Hongkong. ', " »
'SOUTH AFRICAN PORT— Arrived Sept 1 —
Br ship Netherby. from Port Blakeley.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 25 — Ger stmr Ni
carta. for San Francisco; Ger stinr Pcntaur,
for Guatemala. ¦¦
¦ PORT NATAL — Arrived Sept 2 — Bktn Koko
Head from Port Townsend.
HONGKONG — Arrived ' Sept 2 — Jap stmr
America Maru. hence Aug 1. ;
¦ SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to Sept 2— Br
Btmr Ardova. from Xew York.
• PORT. SAID — Arrived Sept. 2— Nor stmr
Profit, from Glasgow.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior ".to Sept 2—
Bktn-TP Emigh. .from Port Townsend. • .
HOB ART — Arrived prior to Sept 2— Schr E
B Jackson, from Aberdeen.
AC Sailed ' Aug 29— Stmr City of
Pekiny for ; ,AncQn.» Aug , 31— Stmr' Barra
couta. for San Francisco. : - ...
VICTORIA" B C— Arrived 'Sept 2— Br atmr
Tartar, from .Hongkong, via Yokohama. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW, YORK— -Arrived Sept 2— Stmr La- Sa
vole, from Havre. :;¦'.', ¦ • ->. , ;
¦ Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Celtic.- for Liverpool. - |
¦ Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Campania, from Liv
erpool.. ¦ ' -
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 2—Stair,Bluech
er. from New .York. - .
- LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 2 — Stmr Arme
nian, from ; N«w "York ; stmr ; Bohemian. -¦ from
Boston.- ' • ' . : , • ' ¦¦:'
. Sailed- 8ept : 2— Stmr-Cedrfc. tor New Tork I
via Queenjtawn. . '
The Hritish bark Harold loads lumber at
Hastings Mills lor EaM London, South Af
rtc*.
The British ship Drummulr is chartered for
lumber from TuEct Scund to South Africa at
f*is 3d.
Slattrrs of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant'.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
- Matches.
; , ¦ S 3 ? o j
CLUB. - . -5 § ¦ • 3
• .• : - '" ' 1 ' \ I * I
! :L_l_i__L_i
! AlaniPda 110 5 S|2 .60
: San Francisco County.. 1 ; 10 5-4 1 .55
i Pacific 110 4 5 1 .45
, Santa Cruz :| C|2| 4 0 .33
' The batting and bowling averages
follow. Though his name does not ap
pear in the bowlers' list, A. C. Davies
I really stands at the head, having taken
about 13 wickets for SO runs, giving an
| average of six runs per wicket. Pre
vious to last Sunday he had the re
markable average of 3.75 runs per
wicket.
BATTING AVERAGES. SEPTEMBER 3.
BATSMEN AND s iIm 5 " 3 o
club. "¦ 2. : o § :
¦ * 2 ;3 " ;
• I H: ., : •/¦
H.B.Richardson. S.F.C0..I o'i 5':»103 504 148.50
A. W. Wilding. Pacific... 10 2|*1O7 300 48.75
A. Jenkins. Santa Cruz... fl| 3| 'RO 130 4S.33
E. M. Peterson, S. F. Co. SI 1| 68 225 32.14
E. H. Wilkes, Pacific S[ 0| 101 232 2».00
S. M. Foster. Alameda. ..I1O| 2] *59| 190 23.75
H. D.Bowly. Pacific... . I 9| 2f 57 1 151 21.57
F. J. Croll. Alame.la 9| Oj 41 1SK> 21.11
G. H.- Ward, Alameda. . .|10j 2| 711 1B1 20.12
F. A. Stahl. Alameda.... 9| uj 50! 178 19.77
H. Roberts. S. F. County.) 7| 2| 3«f 95 19. 00
F. J. Bennion, Alameda.. 7| 21 »54| 80 17.20
W.A.McNamara, Santa C. 6J l| N2i 85 1T.0O
AV.H.McNauRhton, Ala... 10; 0 45| 1V» 15.00
W; Petherlck. Pacific 8| 1 *41 8« 12. 2S
H. C. Casldy. Pacific 6j 2 19| 44 11.00
•Not out.
BOWLING AVERAGES, SEPTEMBER 3.
--. " v ¦ " O 2 3 >
< w e _• <
BOWLERS AND ? S ?, g- ?
club. •* S : 2 «
A. Sims. Santa Cruz... 531 11107 10 10.70
H. Roberts. S. F. Co. . 124| 29|20G 27 10.1K5
G. H. Ward. -Alameda.. 173| 30|364| 31 11.74
K H. Wllkes. Pacific. 107 23 245 10112. 8U
O. N. Taylor, Pacific. 05 25 208 16 13.00
F. J. Croll, Alameda... 157 41300 23 13.04
H.B.Richardson.S.F.Co. 67 11 114 11 13.00
E.M.Petersen. S. F. Co. 83! 20|181 12 15.08
H. C. Cassldy.' Pacific. 831 7|226| 14 1B.H
Vrrives at Honjkons
Th» Jat>an?se steamship America Mani ar
rived" September 2 at Hongkong.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur' at
the city front fMIsston-street wharf) about 2i
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United State* - Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of H'.gh and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Gal..
September 2. l»04.
The Time Ball on the tower of- the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
« p. rn.. Grcnwlch time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Pionier, 90 per
cent: Hampton, 6 per cent; Michelet, 15 i»er
cent; Almora, 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.- j Destination. I Sails.
Vtetirla Nome & X. E. Siberia. 'Sept. 3
.T.fTerson I Ska jt way & Way Ports. ISept. -I
Humboldt I Skagway & Way Ports. ISept. i
Farallon i Skagway & Way Ports. !Sept. 6
Orercn ! Nome & St Michael. 'Sept. S
Bertha... Cooks Inlet A- Way Pts'Sept. 10
Taoma : Nome & N. E. Siberia. |Sept. 12
Santa Ana. . . • Seldovia & Way Ports .! Sept. 16
fl20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN. FRANCISCO, Sept. 2—5 p. m.
The.followlsg maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston ' "2-62 New Orleans 88-74
Cincinnati 78-68 Philadelphia : 82-66
Jacksonville 8ti-*TO Washington 82-70
St. Louis 88-74 New York. . 74-03
SAN FRANCISCO . 7^ ...70-50
C3 a £ ¦ c '£ T
a <9 ** — *^ •• *^IT "
ETATIONi y «|^3 p ¦ »" »
: % = : : ?
Weather Renort.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Prins Adel
bert. from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from New York.
MANCHESTER— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Cale.
donia. from Bcston. .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Srpt 1— Stmr Hali
fax, from Montreal via Chatham, N B.
LONDON — Arrived S?pt 2— Stmr Minnesota,
from Philadelphia.
COPENHAGEN— Sajled Aug 31— Stmr Isl
and." for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Sept 1— Etmr Bu»nos
Ayreg. for St Johns. N F. and Philadelphia.
DOVER— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Hamburg, fm
Hamburg for New York. ¦
MOV1LLE— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Par!flian. fm
Liverpool for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool for Boston.
1 BRITISH 'POUR-MASTED. STEKL, BARK SARAGOSSA: WHICH IS REPORTED A TOTA1.. WRECK OX THE SHORE OF A I
i BOtTTH SKA lBLJL2iJ>. SHE WAS BOUND TO THIS PORT FROM NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA. VESSEL AND CARGO ARE
' LOST. BUT ALL HANDS ESCAPED. • !
Standing of Cricket Clubs.
The standing of the cricket clubs for
the championship of 1904 of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association is shown in
the appended table: -¦
The British ship Netherby is at Delagoa
Ray, slightly daniaged about the decks as
tin result of heavy weather during which she
tost part of her deckluad.
The last of the liner Siberia's cargo has
tjr»n discharged at Hunters Point and yes
tartajr «u brought to the Pacific Mail Wharf
rn a barge. Ths big liner la still on the dry-
Sock awaiting the arrival from Newport News
»f a steel patch for th» cracked casting.
'• ?
Sinn Netlicrby Damaged.
Siberia's Carso Discharged.
To Klv« Eastern visitors an opportunity ol
•eeisK ia comfort something ot the fize of
thia harbor and Its tributaries, the fast pas
senger strainer II. J. Corcoran will leave the
foci of OJay street Sunday morning at »:30 for
« fever.ty-mile triy up tne Sacramento and
San Joaqum rivers, first making a tour of
the fcsrbor and calling at the Maie lflar.d
Navy Yard. The Corcoran ha« an observation
d»ckl from which passengers can tak; in the
rcacglJig view on all fidss. The steamer
n'A be back ia the city before 8 p. m.
Trip for Eastern Visitors.
Ordered to Quarantine.
Tb* *h:p Sta.r.<J*r<l of the salmon Ceet nr
rlT^d yestwdty afternoon, ixrenty-'our days
irora Egeg&k. acd was ora«Te<l into <juaran
tSr.e because two of h^r Chinese pacjengers
h»a <S:r<J. Th« Standard brrught 10.729 cases
o? tsJmen. la addition to her crew she
brouttt home 170 cannery hands. Of these
pas?facer« seventy-nine were whlt^e, twenty
eix Japanese and elzty-Sve Chinese.
On the reverse of the note was the
name of W. E. R. Notman and wife,
Norfolk, Ya. The bottle and note were
brought to Seattle to-day.
The British ship Lamorna, Captain
Carmack, sailed from Tacoma. wheat-,
laden, for Queenstown February 27 and
is supposed" to have been wrecked in
a storm off Vancouver Island prior to
March 22. .< " ' .
. : . ¦ •¦-:¦•
SEATTLE. Sept. 2.— In a bottle
washed : up on ¦ the beach at Bartow, a
little town, on the west shore of Puget
Sound, August 15, this note was found:
"March C, ;. 1904— Ship Lamorna in
sinking, condition. .No hope for crew.
"JAMES SLOANE, First Officer."
The SaragoEsa was well known at
this pert. She was here last about two
rears ago, and while in port her skip
per. Captain D. Steven, died. His place
¦was taken by Captain W. Duncan, who
¦was' in ccmir.and when the vessel was
wrecked. The Saragossa had a cargo
of coal consigned to a local firm.
The Saragossa was built in 1902 at
Dundee and was a vessel of 2S25 net
tons register.
Word was received yesterday of the
loss in the South Seas of the British
four-masted steel bark Saragossa,
bound to this yort from Newcastle.
Australia. Vessel and cargo are report
ed a total loss at Mangaia, Cooks Isl
ands. AH on board were saved and
landed August 15 at Auckland.
Message Is to the Effect
That the Vessel Is Sink
ing and Hope Abandoned
AM1ITTEX BY AN OFFICER
Bottle Washed Up on Shore
of Ptiget Sound Contains
News of the Lamorna
Vessel a Total Loss
but All Hands
Are Saved.
NOTE RECORDS
LOSS OF SHIP
BARK SARAGOSSA, COMING HERE FROM
AUSTRALIA, WRECKED IN SOUTH SEAS
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, ; SATURDAY. . SEPTEMBER 3. 1904.
7
ADVTEKTISBLALEXTS.
.and Others
Agree when the subject is the cleanli-
ness of linen that the United States
Laundry cannot be excelled for jren-
eral superiority in this line. A trial
will convince you that your : linen
and other goods will. look better and
last longer. When we have the laun-
dering of them!
UNITEb STATES LAUNDRY
- 1004 MARKET STSSET.
Telephone South 420.
HAIIAVAY TRAVEL.
IMBfBgBHj To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY.
ES^Sn NILL VALLEY '
CAZADERO, Etc.
\W&S$§M&i5teSCi\ Via Samalito rerry.
SUBURBAN, SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Deoart fronv San' Francisco, -week days, at
6-So 7:10, 7:*3. »:20, 0:15. li'.oo. . 1 1 :00 a. m.
ill -40 a m. Eausallto only), l-:-U. 1:45, 3:15,
4 -00, > 4 :25. 5:15;; 5:50, ( 0:25. 7 :15, ' 0 :00, 10:^*0,
li-35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at* 7 -10 7:43. 8:30. «l»:15. 10:00. ll:0o. • ll:4<»
a m 12-20. 1:00.* 1:45, 1 2:30.. 3: 15. •4:w». 4:35.
5:15,"5:50. 6:25. .7:15, 8:15. 9:00, 10:20; 11:35
*-' Arrive at' San Francisco, week: days, 6:17,
7-00 ,7-35, 8:15.-. S:45, »:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12-05 1:25,- 2:50,^3:35, 4:20. 5:05, 5:40. 6:15,
6-55, 7:55, 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05.
For Fairfax! week day's,* depart at 7:45 a. m..
3-15 p.m.. On Sundays-and legal holidays at
7:45, 0:15. 10:u0. 11:00 a. m., 12:20,, 1:00. 1:45
P ' .*?' - . THRO CGH TRAIN'S. v
7:45 a. m. dally — Caradero and way stations."
• 0:15 a," m. -. Sundays only— For Tolnt Reyes.
-. 3:15 p. ' m. dally ' except , Sunday — For ' Caaa-
'dero,;etc. ¦ .¦ : -¦ - . •-*¦'-.'¦ — •.'."-: .»¦-•..-•
8:15 p m. v ,' Sundays only— For Cazadsro. etc.
: TICKET OFFICE>-626 Market ¦ st. ¦
; FERRY— Union Depot,. toot of Market st.
y/^f H*^v Timlm leave and are da*
to arrive at •
ffil^pz) 8Ay FRANCISCO.
\'\ f=^~7tl/ FlOM JlTLT IS. 1304.
X^j^^^^pV/ FXXBT DXTOT
\C 13^ (Toot ct Msrkec Strset >
>"*« - MAIN LINE. -T"aitarT»
7-C0a Vaortlle. Vf int^*. Ramiey- 7 5Q»
7.00* Benleia. B)mlr» and Sacramento.. 7.20i»
7JH)A 7allejo. Napa. Calistoe*. SaaU
1:om. Mariiiet. Saa Ramon B.2C?
7S0a Nllea. Trary. Latbrop. A*»ek:oo.... 7. 20^
t^K>Agb<iU Express— < VI « Darts).
Williams (for Itartlelt Sprlasjs).
willows, trraeo. Ued OlaiT.
Portland. T scorn v Saatile 7.50»
SXOA Davis. Woodland. Knlxlus Landing.
MarysTtlle. Chlco. Urovllle 7-5O
I^Oa Port Costa. Martinez. Aotfoch.
Byron. Tract. Stocitou. New-
man. Los Uanos. Uea-dota, ,
Armona. n»nfor.1. Vlsalla.
PorterTtlle 4.20»
8JS0* Tort Cotto. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Got&en Janctlos, Haa-
ford. YUslia. lUkenOeld 4 33s»
tidA KHes, San Jose. Llrrrroorc. Scoetc-
Jnn, (+MIHod). loae, SucraraenM.
Marystlll-. Chleo. Ked Blaff .... 4.20?
I-3Pa Oakdnl*. ChlnetA. Jamestoirs. So-
nont. Tnolnmie and Ante's ..... 4-20*
I 00a Atlantic Ezpi-e»»—Oe<le? aad Ran. 5 20f»
t JOA Kfcbaiond. Martlaes and Way
Statloos 6-50P
10-CCa The Overlaod Limited — Offdea.
Omaba. Ctateago, llcaver. Kanaaa
Cttr. St. Lou!* 9-K*
JO-OCa Vallejo_ 1220i>
MJMaLo* Aorele* Pasaenger — Port
Coata. Martiarz. Drrsa. Truer.
Lathrop. 8 toe let on. Uereed,
Kaymond. Kresnn, Gosnen Jnno-
t!on. Hun'ord. Lemoore. Vlaalla,
Bakenaetv Los Angelas 7.20*
12.00m Bay Ward. Nlles and Way Station*. i-20»
11-OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers- tit.BUP
3-JOp Sentcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Wlliairi. Knights
Landing. Marysrllle. OroTllla
and way nutions 10.60a
I30p Hay^trd. Nllea aad TT ay Stations.. 7 50»
4«0P M*rtlne«.SanU«inoa.VaUeJo.Naya,
C«ll»:oga. S«nt»Ko»a. 8 20*
4 CCp S!>s. Traer, Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4 Z0P Uayward. Hllea. lrrlagton, Baal t8.6<U
Jcse. Hrermoro » 111.60a
f -COP The Owl Limited— Newiaaa. Los
Hanoi. Mrndoi*. ?r««Bo. Tn'.aro.
Dakersoeld. Loa Angeles. „ B.50A
18 SOp It«y •nrd. N lien and ban Joae i ,- T 7.20*
SOOp Uayward. If lies and San Joso S.SOk
SXOPEaiit»;a Express— Ojrieo. umita,
Ctltea«o. Denver. Kansas Citf.
bt. Louts. vla.Mantnez. Stockton.
Sacrataento, Colfax. Keno...... 12.E0>>
V.SOc Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7 K n.
74JCP Vallejo, Snndar only f '* u '
7X0PU1cbtnoad. tsan Pablo. Port Coata,
MarUnes and Way SUtlona 11.20a
TXOp Keno Passenger— Port Conu. Snt-
son. Elmira, Daris. Baerameoto.
Tmekee. • Lake Taboe. Sena,
Tonopab. Sparks 7.51a
§ 0Sl» Port Costa, Uartlnes. Byron.
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Coata 12-20»
8-OSp ToKL-mlte Valley, ria Uercnda aad
Wnwcni 8. 50*
S-CSp Martinez. Trscy. Stockton 10.20*
I-Q6P Oregon 4b Cnllfomrn Kxpress— 8ao-
ramnnto, kdirytrllle, Koddlng.
Portland, Puget Sound and Saat. 8.S0A
•.IOp Usyward. Nllcs and Saa Juse (Saa-
dayoaly). _ 11-60*
COASf LINE (%arr»w ting,).
(Koot of Mirfcnt Street.)
<.45a SanMCmzExcnr*lun(SQTidayonly) 8.1CP
I-15A Newark. Oenterrllle. Saa Joaa.
Fclton. Ronld^rCreek. BlirBakla, '
8anta Crux and Way St ilioni... 6 59*
1fl.1SA Alr^rado. Newark, fin Joae. lx+
Gaios,Clcnwuod, Fetton, Uonider
Creek. 1!!? Bastn. Saota Crnx 8 13»
tt-1B>> Sewark. Centervllle. Saa Joso.
New Almaden. J.oa i.ia;o4.Feltoa,
Boulder <;r»ek, Santa Cms aaJ
Prla«.lp«l Way Buttons 10- 53*
4.1Ep NawiirK. Saa Jose. Loa Gatoa IS-55A
4.16P Wrlijht, Bonldt-r Creek and Saat*
Crux. Saturday and Sunday only. >g.65A
COAST LINE tUroad u»u«). ST
l*~ (Third »n<t rown«ud Streets.) .
' (.10a 6 an Jose and Way Stations......... B-SO*
!7 00a Pi»h Jose and W«y stations 6.43P
7.16a Monterey and Santa Craz Kxcar'
«lnn (Sunday only)..'. 10-30*>
IJ)0a New Almaden (Tues, Vrld.. only). 4.10#
-COaTIio Coaster— Saa Jose, Ssllaas.
San Ardo. Paso Rohlcs. S*nl*
ttarsarlu. San L-s'.t Ob!sno.Sanu>
Barbara. Saa Bneuaveatnra,
Montalro. Oxnard. Bnrfrink. Loa
Auaele» 10 4J»
t 90a Ollruy. HoIItater. Castrorllle. Del
Monte, Paclflc Grore, Sarf, Lorn*
poc 1045»
t.OOA 6»n Jose. Tr»s Plnos.Wauonrtlle.
, Ctpttol*. Santa Crvx, Paeiao
Orore. S»ltnn§ San Lul« Ublspo
aad Prlaclp*: Way Stations. ... 4-10*
IC30A Saa Jos* and WayStatlona. 1.20P
11 50a S»nu Clara. San Jose, Los Gatoa
an4 Wsy SUtlon* 7.30p
IZCp San Jose aad Way SUUons 138a
tJ Up Del Mont* Kxpress (except Son-
day)— Santa Clara, ban Jos*.
WataoarlUe. Santa Crax. Del
Moata, Monterey. Paelflc Grore. t!21S»
I-SSp Barllngyiae, San Jo«e. Gllroy. Hol-
linter. Tres Plnoa.PaJaro.Watiioa.
rille. Capitol*, 8aata Crnx. Ca*-
trovllle. S»l!n»*. P»clflc Grore... 104SA
4.8CP "aa Jose sad Way Buttons t8 00a
t5 OOP Sanu Clara, s»n Jose. Los Gatoa.
Wright aad prlaclp*: Way Su-
Uons (except Sunday) tt.OO*
1 5.3 0 p San Jsse and Principal Way SUUoaa 19.40a
fe 49p BuDtet Kxpress.— Kedwood. 8»o
Jose,GUpjy.Sallnai.raso Ko6le^
6aa Lais Oblspo, Saau Barbara,
Lot Aaeeles. Pemlaff. Kl fuo,
New Orleans. New York 7.10a
•-4Sp F»Jaro, Watsonrllle. Cspltola. I ?•¦«,„
s»ot» Crnx. Caatrornie, DelVliSrS?
Monte. Pacific Grore JT 10-43*
1t-1S> £ai>Mateo.Ueresford,Belmoat.8aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Uaks.
Mealo Park. Palo Alto t«j;*
S30p Saa Jcse aad Way Stations. 638*
BCOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 13 15a
11.3Qp Booth Ssn Fraaelsco. Mnibne. Bar-
llsxante. Baa Mateo, Beimoot.
Saa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto S43p
¦11 30? Maylleld. Mountain View. Sanay-
rale. Lawrence, Sanu Clara aad
»n Joie. 13.45*
A for Morutne. P for Aiteraoorv
1 6aadar excepted. 1 Saaday eatr
«. fiaCarday only. * Moadar onif.
_18tuM at ail s'.sticaj «a t«aUz. -. - - .
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Ltire To. S«u»lil. »«rry ArrlT*
gan yrauetico t«\ *1 larket 0. San Frandjca
"Week 8»n- ' J-BB^J San- i Week'
Daya. days. jfSmmSK days. Pay*.
ICOOa 2:05 p *»l:05 *.
ldi>6 a 11:03 a 3:35 r 3.33 p
l:4Sr12;20r 6:40 r 6:15 1
.:)lr 1:45 r \55*r 6:15 r I0-.01 1
......... '4:35 r 8:50 r|
•TlaSraTttyCar. * Taxitlssis U 1EI IsJlf.
Ticxxr \ta& UAKKaT&T. (North Hhoro RallroaxU
OrrtCKS iand cUubauto Fxkky. Toot Market d«.
/^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M mM ]Sk G— O KEABXT »T. Kstai>Hshed
HHP'laiii ' < -'»4 for the treatment of ITIvat^
m It ,-525 lji-.»->.se5. I.o-.t MaiinmtfJ. lability or
E?3aadSJArti<.«>as • wearlniron body an.l miml a»'l
l)i^n«>s. The Poctor cures when
*jtfyq£35^« ur<*« giiarnnlffd. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. «j»IBBOS.*<aa Francisco ¦ Cat ¦
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
RAn^WAYTRAX^. -_ r _n_n_n_-.-,_ l -u- 1 _-^
"S" THROUGH
llHi T0UR8ST SLEEPERS
FOR ST. LOUIS
DATES:
SEPTEMBER 1. 3. 5, 6, 7. 8.. 19. SO, 28, 29. .
OCTCSEE 3. 4. 5. 6. 19. 20. 38. 27. K- ; » \" ,; i
FROM SAM FRANCISCO:
•
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day-
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado,
over Rio Railway. All sleepers carried via
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through
' trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St.
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route.
RATES!
1 .-
J^ All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates
authorized from California points apply for these Bur-
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent
dates to Chicago. |
Call on or* write' .'7K?
General- Agent. W. S. SANBOBXT. Borllnirton Ticket Office.
631 MABZIT ST. (Under Falace Hotel). (,
Saa Pranclsco.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities tor. in
economic il aad satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For fell Information tpply to or tddres >
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK,
General Acent, G«iTl Asent Pas*"r Dept.,
Chicago ic Nortfa-Westem Ry. Union Pacific K. R.
1 617 Market St. No. 1 Monteomery St.
I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I e PIOTOW^
|^ CALIFORNIA H
M LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
H LEAVES MONDAYS and THUaSDAYS 1
Hiat !»::;<» a. m.. throuffh In ,'J fUyB,H
yS with cliaer and all trappiaffi. B
Other Santa 7* Tralas:
»-3l» a ra" t fQr stockton « Fresno. Bakersneid.
6:00 p! m! j Merced, llanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. tn. lor Stockton.
b:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand, Canyon and
Chloaso.
TICKET OFFICES — C41 Slarict St. aad
retry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad*
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 Soctn rirst St.
Ban Jo«e.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
C JH [p/KCISCU ANJHORTH PAGIFH
HAILWAT COSSPA2TT.
Tlbozon rerry. Toot or Market Str«»b
SAN PSANCISCO TO SAW R.1TAEL.
\VKEK DATs — 7:^0. S:»x». 0:uu. ll:UO a. u»-:
12:35. 2:20. '&:*». 3:10, 5:50. «S:30 and 11:34
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
BUND AYS— 7. -SO S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:39.
2:30 Z:*0. 5:10. 6:30. ll:S0 D. n>.
SAW BATAEL TO SAW PBASTCISCp.
\.KKK DAYS- «»;00. C:io. 7:Ui. 7:60. 0:2a.
11-.15 a. m.: l-':i*>. r*:*^. •»••*">. 8:W. 5:LU
«s:23 r. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50 7:33. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.: 1:*^
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. B:20. tf:23. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Kttect J Arrtv»
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. t San Kran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I daysj tlon. I days. | Daya.
7 -30 a * 7:43 a 7:45a
7-30 a 8:00 a . S:40a 8:40*
S:00a M:.1O. lenacio. 10:2O a 10:20 a
= :aop 2:30 p «=00p « 20 P
ft:10p 3:10 p «:=0p . .23 p
. ;¦;. ¦ ' 7 :_j P
- 8:43 p
r-io« 7-30 • 7:45 a 7:48 a
kltol i:'0O« Novato. 10:20.10:20a
•!:30p «J:S0a Petaluma 6:20 p «:20 p
6-10 p •-••30 p and 7:25 p i:23p
"-.;¦ 5:io p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7UM>a 7:30 a W:20 a 10:20 a
8:(X)a S:COa Fulton. 7:25 p C:20p
2:30 p 2^30 p 8:45 p 7:2Sp
' ¦Windsor. I
7-30 a 7:30 a Healdsburc- 110:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I •
*»-30 p 2:30 p Geyservllla. • |7:23 p 7:23 p
.' Cloverdale. I .-¦- -\
7:30 al 7:Sf»a| Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2 J30 pi 2:30 p| andUklah. | 7:25 p( 7:23 p
.-'.¦-. I . j WIHits. j j
.7:30 a| 7 .SO a I Sherwood. I 7:25 p( 7:25 p
b-U0a| «:0O a I Guernrrllle and 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. I S;45pl fi:2Op
"8:00 a 8:00 a " ! '. * 8:40 al 8:4t> a
JIOd 0:30 a Sonoma. : <l:00pl 8:20 p
* 5:10p Glen Ellen. 8:45p|
7:30 a! 7:3Oaj •.-..¦• " ~UO^o7j1oIto7
2:30 p| 2:20 p( Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Rprlnss and Marie West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Ska SX s
Scrlnes' at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vlile and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Strings Highland Springs. KelseyviHe. Carls-
bad SorlnKS. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Knrlngs; at Ukiah for A'ichy Springs. Saratoga
«orlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Scrlnss. - Upper Lake. . Pomo. Potter ; Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. -Bueksell's.
Kanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Ho;
gcrtngs. Halfway House. Comptcbe. Cam?
tittvens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brasz.
Westport. Usal: at WilliU for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
viUe. Cummins. Bell's. Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer, GarbervUle. Pepperwocd. Scotia »ani
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
' duced rates. - - ¦ '.'¦-¦ ¦' ¦ • -
1 - On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
••; Ticket ; Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building. •¦ ¦¦"-•'¦ ..." • ,
. JAS. V FRAZ1ER. R. X RYAK.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajtt.Finest eyeglass?*. IJoto 50c 73 4th st,
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House."
Press dispatches from Philadelphia tci'l of the sudden Jaking off of an
elderly lady of choleric temperament who ate rat poison in the height of
her last fit of angrcr. AH honor should mark her obsequies, since the aged
dame made a distinct step forward in the solution of a knotty problem of
ethics. If every individual of ungovernable temper should suffer self-decreed
punishment,, even in a lesser measure of severity,. the world would be al-
; Old-fAshior.ed znol-.»sses caady. Town
send's. 715 Market street. •
/ Chantilly lace in both black . and
white is in high favor for mad* up
veils. The black is used as an actual
face protection, hansing gracefully
around the edge of the hat and shield
ing the complexion. t .The white one*
are used quite a 'great deal for drap
ing over hats and come as large as
flf t>;-jWQ. Inches square.
The cluster dot veils, which show
five or six "dots clustered. In one spot,
are among the latest shown. Borders
of graduated dots are also very pret
ty. 1 These are especially attractive In
blue chiffon, although brown. gTeen.
pink . and white and black are to be
had.
LATEST IN V£ILS.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTE— Subscriber.
Oakland. Cal. During the Presidential
election In 1ST5 Samuel J. Tilden re
ceived the majority of the popular
vote, but not of the electoral vote: the
same in the case of Grover Cleveland
In 13SS. ;
MUSIC — Constant Reader. City. A
person may have the '•. ability to learn
music by note and become what is
known as a mechanical player. In or
der to become a perfect player the
Individual must have an ear for mu
sic in order to enter - fully into the
beauty and charm of a composition. "-
"Fire insurance contains many sur
iprises to. the lay mind, ".said Marshall
S. Driggs, president of the Board of
Underwriters. "One man who came
to me for. a policy on some icehouses
which he had just acquired almost re
fused to credit, our statements in ex
plaining the high fate. . Icehouses are
extra hazardous risks because they an*
liable to spontaneous combustion. It
happened in this case that the appli
cant received a '¦'. telegram while we
were' still, discussing the matter. He
was informed " that his new properties
had burned to the ground. It chanced
to be a very hot day and we adjourned
for. refreshments. .
" 'I will r have a ' , tumbler full of
cracked Ice with a pint of Apollinaris,"
I said to the waiter.
".'Why not a. hot lemonade?' sug
gested!, the "stricken icehouse man."—
New York. Herald.
ON THE SAFE SIDE.
Representative Bourke Cockran was
seated* In his law office one day re
cently when one of the clerks an
nounced a visitor. The orator was
very busy, but the man refused to tell
his business to a clerk, insisting that
it was a personal matter and he must
see Mr. Cockran himself.
"Well, show him in," said the law
yer finally in disgust.
"I want to get some legal advice.
Mr. Cockran," said the visitor.; "and
I came to you because I am a poor
man \ and cannot afford- to pay a real
lawyer."
"What do you mean ?" thundered
the Representative s indignantly. . ¦
"Well, - 1 , mean that as . a politician
you will 1 not" be hard on one "of your
constituents. ¦ Besides,' I , have another
claim on you. My 'aunt does washing
for one -Of your cousins." ' ,
"My dear 'sir," said the lawyer in
his most withering tones as he ushered
the visitor out, "you don't want, to see
a lawyer: You want to see la nerve
specialist. "—New York Herald.
NEEDZD AN, EXAMINATION.
WITH THE STORY TELLER
PRIVATE PROPERTY— Subscriber.
City. The property at North Beach
Inquired about is private. Any one in
the immediate vicinity can furnish you
the name of the owner or agent.
RUBBER GLOVES — B. M. D., Peb
aluma. Rubber gloves may be mend
ed by using a patch of the same ma
terial affixed with prepared rubber
cement.
MARRIAGE — R. E. C, Elmlra, CaL
In California there Is no law or condi
tion that will permit any one to be
legally married without a license.
It is now the fashion for a man to
give *his lady love a jeweL for each
month, rays the Paris correspondent
of the Chicago Tribune.
In January he offers her a garnet
as a gage of constancy; in February
an amethyst as a gage of peace; in
March the red bloodstone, an emblem
of his courage In' her defense. The
diamond belongs to April, and this he
offers as a sign -of her innocence and
purity, while in May he chooses an
emerald, which he means to indicate
the happiness of tcue love.
¦ An agate he presents in June as a
gage of health — it is even believed to
possess magic qualities which insure
health. In - July he offers . a ruby,
which means that he will forgive and
forget any little faithlessness. In
August the opal, as a sign of his own
fidelity, while in September he gives
the chrysolite, which Is supposed to
protect the wearer against madness.
' The sapphire is October's stone, and
indicates hope, while the trpaz in No
vember is a pledge of friendship. For
December the turquoise is reserved,
and is meant as a^talisman insuring
success.
EXPENSIVE TO BE IN
LOYE IN GAY PARIS
O. K. — M. L.. Buena Vista, Cal lli«
abbreviation O. K. stands for all right,
or all correct.
ST. LOUISE-^C. KV, City. St*
Louise is pronounced Saint Loo-ees.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
In addition to these articles by two men whose names are familiar to
newspaper readers, there arc special articles by the most authoritative
writers upon Masonry and Knight TcmpJarism in California. Frank B. Ladd,
the organizer of the "California Bodies/' writes upon "The Scottish Rite
in California"; ex-Lieutenant Governor Jacob Hart Neff, one ,of the best
Mown Masons in California, has an article on "The Progress of Templarism
m California"; J. W. Anderson, formerly Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and past grand lecturer of the Grand Lodge, one of the best posted
Masons in the State, contributes "An Outline of Freemasonry in California";
Eminent Sir William A. Davies. grand recorder of the Grand Commandery
of California, writes the history of the Grand Commandery of California,
and Mrs. Sarah J. Buraham. chairman of the ladies* executive committee
for the conclave, contributes a paper upon '"The Advancement of Women in
Clubs and Secret Organizations."
. A feature that calls for especial notice is the history of both California
Commandery and Golden Gate Commander}-, given for the first time with
authenticity. Each story occupies a full page and is embellished with half
tone photographs of the officers at present in office. These pictures were
all posed especially for tbc Sunday £z.\\.
' PlctorlaUy the edition will be a revelation in fine half-tone reproduction.
The entire edition is printed on extra heavy faced paper. The photographs
of the members of the Grand Encampment, with a splendid enlargement of
Grand Master Stoddard, occupy a full page, as do the photographs of the
members of the Grand Commandery of California. Every article submitted
is accompanied by the very iztcst photograpn of the author. %'
Next in titular rank and Masonic dignity to Mr. Lloyd in California, per
haps, is Rijrht Eminent Frank William Sumner, past grand commander of
the Grand Commandery of California, author of the official tactics for the
California jurisdiction r.nd representative of the grand master for the
eighteenth district, embracing California, Washington, Oregon and the
Hawaiian Territory. Mr. Sumner contributes a full page on "The Chivalric
Orijrin of Templarism," a subject to which he has devoted a large amount
of time and elaborate research. With thrsc two stories are handsome en
largements of the very latest photographs of the authors.
THE Triennial Conclave of 1904 receives the major portion of the fpace
of the Sunday Call Magazine to-morrow. - Reuben H. Lloyd, past grand
master of the Grand Encampment of the United .States, contributes the
".'.'ading article. "'The Influence of Templarism on California." Mr. Lloyd is
indi<putablj- the most distinguished Mason in California, being the only
California Mason who has ever brrn honored with the exalted station of
grand, master of the Grand Encampment. Mr. Llovd writes of San Fran
cisco as it was in 1883. at the period when the former conclave was held
here, and traces the benrhts that have accrued to San Francisco and to Cali
fornia as a result of that convention, for it was the first successful national
gathering of any magnitude that ever assembled here, and it placed the seal
;ipon San Francisco as the ideal convention city, with all the benefits which
that reputation his conferred upon the city and the State.
SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
Miss Alice Grosvenor wore an Eton
suit of white etamine, the skirt and
coat being box-pleated. Pink roses and
blue ribbon trimmed a three-cornered
hat of black and white stpaw. •
Mrs. J. Blair Fairchild wore a gray
and white silk with renaissance lace.
Pink roses were used on a white chip
h:*t.
Mrs. Alexander Van Nest wore a'
pompadour, mull, with a pink and
mauve satin girdle. Gray plumes were
used on a pale gray chiffon hat. *
Mrs. Daniel B. Fearing wore an elab
orate ecru batiste, with renaissance
lace insertions. White and black lace
trimmed a large black hat."
Mrs. Walter N. Eldridge wore a
dainty white linen with insertions of
Cluny lace. A white lace bebe hat was
trimmed with white roses.
Mrs. Robert Sedgwick's gown of ecru
mull was set with Valenciennes inserj
tions. She wore a white lace hat with
pink satin ribbon and pink roses.
One of the most striking gowns worn
was that of Mrs. H. S. Lehr. Irish
crochet. lace was effectively used with
Mazarin blue crepe de chine. Mazarin
blue birds of paradise trimmed a hat
of the same shade.
Miss Van Alen wore white chiffon
cloth, with lace insertions. A white hat
was given touches. of black. .
Mrs. John J. Astor wore with a hat
of mauve a dainty gown of ecru ba
tiste.
Mrs. Lawrence Van Alen wore a
dainty dotted Swiss with Valenciennes
insertions. A white lace hat was
trimmed with a bird of paradise.
Miss Cynthia Roche wore one of
those fetching poke bonnets, as did
Mrs. J. Ellis Hoffman and a few others.
It is noticeable the few jewels that are
worn at the tournament and thus far
only one string of pearls has been
noted.
Many beautiful gowns were displayed
by members of the 400 at the semi
finals in the national lawn tennis tour
nament at Newport.
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt. who is en
tertaining Miss Roosevelt, wore a
beautiful creation of soft white silk
and renaissance lace. Pink rosebuds
trimmed a pink chip hat.
Miss Roosevelt wore a simple coat
and skirt of white linen. A white hat
of chip straw with white roses com
pleted her costume.
Mrs. Graham Murray of England,
who is visiting the Van Alens, wore a
Princess gown of ecru batiste with Val
enciennes insertions and touches of
cerise and a small hat of cream trim
med in black.
Mrs. John R. Drexel wore a dalnty
mull of white. Renaissance lace
trimmed the entire gown. Black plumes
in Louis XIV style were used on a
large black hat.
Hanley said he had not insulted the
woman, that he knew her and meet
ing her on the street he had spoken
to her, as he thought was his priv
ilege. He was much surprised when
she called to Arrott, claiming she had
been insulted. The woman made her
escape in a cab during the street bat
tie.
They were arrested on the street
while fighting like bulldogs and both
showed the marks in court. Broker
Arrott claimed that Hanley had in
sulted a lady with whom he had been
walking, that she appealed to him
and then he attacked Mr. Hanley.
Magistrate Vichenstain of a Pitts
burg police court made this little
speech several days ago as he dis
charged two of Pittsburgh leading
brokers, who were before him on
charges of disorderly conduct. They
were J. W. Arrott and J. W. Hanley,
both well known and wealthy.
"You did right to hit him. Mr. Ar
rett. I commend your action In de
fending a woman and I wish other
men would do as you have done with
mashers."
It then remains for the mother to use her influence, not by direct thwart
ing. If it is necessary to check a girl's course it is better to influence them
gradually than to give a direct refusal, as the latter breeds discontent. It is
better even for a girl to make a trial of her ambitious desires if possible
and learn for herself the accompanying disillusionments and trials.
But if the girl has'the appearance of genius do not spoil her with flattery.
Show her that it is not in the quantity of talent or influence, but in the faith
fubappropriatlon of each that merit consists; but that the moment she be
comes satisfied in using either for mere personal advantage she has taken a
step toward becoming weak.'
Teach her that. a woman's lot in life is, indeed, an important one. Do not
let her regret that she is a woman. There are many new spheres now open
to woman if she chooses to make a career, and. besides this, if she cannot
make a name for herself let her realise the fact that a woman is the instiga
tor, the most powerful Influence on man. Nearly every distinguished man
acknowledges that his deepest obligations are due to a wife, a mother or a
slEter who hap aroused, encouraged or assisted him in his lifework.
Look, for instance, at all the gVeat masterpieces in poetry and literature,
at heroic deeds and noble sacrifices; in nearly every case a woman was the
incentive.
If a girl's ambitions trend toward a scientific education. by % all means en
courage her and discover whether she really is conscientious and thorough in
her pursuits. A man's chief argument against the higher education of wom
en is that a Woman is apt to dabble In such matters, but rarely gives any
study a thorough investigation; that, in fact, a woman's knowledge is gener
ally superficial.
'jl.—. '¦ — - — i — ; :
Then is the time to discover her natural bent. She must have some study
in which she excels, or perhaps her tastes are artistic or domestic. If she is
of romantic temperament she will probably wish to go on the stage or to be
a concert singer. Or it may be her thoughts He in a college course.
THERE are few young girls who at a certain period of their lives do not
have ambitions to. become great and famous. The influence ofthe school,
of associates or perhaps the .example of some favorite heroine, or even
a person in real life— any one or all^ of these' influences are sufficient to
awaken a kindred enthusiasm in the heart of an imaginative girl, says the
Philadelphia Ledger.
This is the time that must be carefully prepared for. by the mother. If sh2
has the complete confidence of her daughter and understands the workings
of her mind there is nothing to fear, for the mother realizes and can there
fore appreciate the awakening impulses of budding womanhood and can
lead them into the right directions.
This ambitious period generally comes during the last years of school
life, before a girl has actually entered the world, when her heart is un
touched save by her love for the home circle and a few intimate friends.
Fashionable Women at the
National Tennis Tourna
ment Wear Beauti
ful Costumes.
Pittsburgh fllagisfrate Thus
Decides When Two Bro
kers Ara Before Him
lor Street Battle.
The Ambitious Period
in a Young Girl's Life
STRIKING GOWNS
SHOW N AT NEWPORT
PROPER THING
TO HIT MASHER
Like the sunshine, after rain:
Like the calm that follows pain;
Like the harbor lights so bright
To the sailor in the sight;
Like cool water to parched tongue}
Like an anthem sweetly sung.
Is the knowledge — when grief tears
At our heartstrings — some one carea.
— Irene L. D«aring. In Boston Transcript,
Sorrow fills the heart I know
With a leaden weight of woe.
Makes our lives so dark, so drear. ,
Fills our souls with doubt and fear.
Yet it Is not hard to bear
If there's some one near to care;
If some kindly voice, sincere. - .^i-
Whispers, "I am sorry, dear."
SYMPATHY.
While the worship of the Sierra for
ests is all well enough, they are of far
too gfeat commercial value to serve no
other ends and should, as President
Roosevelt so wisely said, be perpetuated
••by wise use." What* the State wants
Is not forests which are "beautiful
parks," but productive stands of tim
ber trees and it is essential in such a
forest that the despised undergrowth
exist, for therein lies the potential fre
est—the young trees of future timber
value.
What is needed instead <of a return
to primitive Indian methods is a more
rational public sentiment regarding
forest values and uses. Our dear
friends, the intelligent public, go Into
the forests annually by thousands and
with their campflres, cigarette stumps
and matches do' everything in their
power to destroy one of the State's
greatest assets. They know better
than to play with fire tn town and why
should they not use a little care -while
In the forests?
The State Is to have new fire laws
and a system of fire protection, but
its success depends on revision of pub
lic sentiment toward this greatest of
forest evils. * E. A. STERLING.
San Francisco, August 31, 1904.
The system of fire protection which
he recommends is to follow the old In
dian practice and burn over the floor
at the forest each year. Some of the
results of such a system would be as
follows: All young growth up to the
diameter of two inches would he seri
ously injured or killed and all possi
bility of a future forest destroyed; the
mature trees would be injured through
burning out at the bases, the repeated
fires burning off a percentage of them
each year and gradually reducing" the
density of the original stand; undesir
able brush would usurp open spots,
through Its tendency to sprout after
fire, while coniferous young growth Is
killed outright; while by the burning
of the humus and vegetable ground
cover and exposure of the mineral soil
the water conserving power of the for
est would be in a great measure lost
and the soil impoverished.
Such burning, besides being Injurious.
is furthermore unnecessary, because
the accumulations of twigs, needle*,
etc., reach only a certain depth, the
bc"'ance being maintained by the de
composition underneath.
Systematic burning of the slash left
after lumbering is most decidedly ad
vantageous and practical experiments
are under way to show lumbermen that
it can be done economically, but firing
of the uncut "forest, or' after the
slash clearing fire, should never be
thought of.
While Mr. Ostrander i3 In a large
measure correct in saying that with
the prevention of forest flres the whole
problem of forestry will be solved, he
has missed some of the most vital
points in this connection and made
suggestions which, if fallowed, would
result in the ultimate destruction of
the forest as a productive commercial
factor.
Editor The Call—In your issue of
August 31 you published a letter from
H. J. Ostrander of Merced, comment
ing on the work of the United States
Bureau of Forestry in this State, and
offering suggestions for the prevention
of forest flres.
United ' States Department of Agricul
ture — Bureau of Forestry.
In these days a State is known by its press. It has been an old joke
confusing to people of short stature to tell them *o stand on a newspaper
so they can be seen. When the advice is applied to a State it has a
deep significance. States elevate themselves into notice by standing on
tbe newspapers which raise them to the altitude of the world's notice.
Thi> has made that part of California represented by our visitors, and it
will raise the whole State to a height so great that the gilding of the
ryr.set will glow upon it until it fades into the purple of the morning, and
there shall be no night, nor darkness upon any part of California, as seen
in the mirror oi the press.
The visiting editors see us as we are; they will be in touch with
the hospitality we offer to thousands of visitors from afar. They will
understand the spirit behind it all. In these days the honor and reputation
;>f the State are in our hands, and if they suffer the State is shamed. No
one shall blush for California, and our Southern friends being in part bene
f.ciarie* of what we do in this pageant and gala time, will keenly appreciate
ric spirit in which we stand for all Californa, that all of our distant visitors
tazy go home carrying in their minds an indelible vision of the State, where,
the. mines of Ophir. the gardens of Hesperidcs, the, mountains of exaltation
and plains richer than the valley of the Nile combine . their invitation
to;" men to come and partake of the cornucopia, .which nature has filled
with ail that is good for man and conducive to his enjoyment. «
- It is well that in this vast State we of its far extremities should oftener
ir.ret and better know each other. We are not rivals. We are joint owners
of the richest physical heritage on the planet. Between us there i% only
one sort of competition, and that is in so spreading abroad a conception
of what is here that thousands, hearing the news and seeing the sign, will
come, cat the lotus, forget' what is behind them and determine that all their
future shall be upon the sunlit and flower-bordered paths of California.
rT> HE excursion of the editors of Southern California to the St. Louis
E*po*ilion will tarry in San Francisco to-day en route. Perhaps
so me 6f them have never seen Northern California and the metropolis
Wore, but whether they have or not. they arc royally welcome as repre
vcr.tWves of the push and enterprise which have made their part of the
Strue the best known section of the modern world. They will see the
city and the seashore and Mount Tamalpais, and more's the pity their
I.ricf tojourn forbid* that they see the orchards and viiieyards, the olive
[flintations, the wide-spreading orange groves . and the fields and gardens,
which prove the equal heirship of nature's gifts from one end of the
State to the oilier. * -
A New England statesman and economist once said: "If New England
could grow the cotton plant she would rule the Union and, therefore, the
civilized world" So it may be truthfully said that if Northern .California
had ihe .enterprise and the advertising faculty which are second nature to
our welcome visitors, this part of the State would easily defy the com
petition of the whole world. They have looked out upon the dry and
desert wastes of Southern California, where a genial sun shone with zesty
beam* upon b.-.rreu lands and by their genius and faculty have transformed
a forbidding l=::d:-capc into groves and gardens that charm the visitor as
Ulysses was enchanted by ihe gardens, of. Calypso.
No achievement has been loo formidable for them, and while others
miy have rt?;»ed th«- enterprise they sowed, the credit is theirs everlastingly.
Every ccTHmtmUy, rural or urban, in this country must thank one source
for its acvr.rccir.cnt and prosperity. That source is the press. The time
has xonz by wLen Ihe qualities of a country, or the news of the day, can
be osefaiJy Transmitted by tradition or conversation. Those methods are
too slow. Before their effect can be felt the generation that could take
advantage o: sudi transmission of news and facts will be gathered ro its
?aiiicr*.. la il:is modern world the press is the ready and speedy transmitter,
red 'every editor, by the power of publicity, is a modern Jupiter, giving
orders and information by the sudden thunderbolt and not by ox team.
A'.I California may learn from these Southern editors and they may
learn much while they arc with us. They may sec a vastly broader field
upon which may be wrought the same change that they have willed upon
Southern California. They will see here the same climate, physical con
ditions, ranjre of products and a greater opportunity for achieving that
which they compelled in their section of the State. They will be present
with u> a brief time. When they go may they leave upon us the baptism
of that splendid spirit which has wrought miracles and worked wonders
THE SOUTHERN EDITORS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
'..¦.»••-•¦•¦¦'.'¦•--¦¦¦¦¦•¦•¦•¦--.---• Propriety
~T~~' Ai>L'5:ES3 ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO - r
jphx MeXAUCiiT. . .'. . . :^Ly.ii:jLi:±i±ii-~~~^^^ m --^^
txr^j'^Ttixt ovncK.. third AXp"M.vttKST stksets. san krancisco
::^.».v.:^------v™MB^W
WHAT IS NEEDED
TO PREVENT FIRES
IN OUR FORESTS
THE WOODEN MAN
THE SANj FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1904.
Now there are rumors of a boarding
house ; trust ; abroad In the 'land.
Boarding-houses ; that will trust would
fill a long-felt want"
Waitlna at TowuseniTs. . .
IX©
Thousands of pounds of California
I Glace Fruits done up in 1, 3 and i Ib.
I nr»-*tchtfd boxes. A nice present for
fiaatern friends, %:i$ Marktt ttreet. *•
/ "Awful tough boys around here,"
said the schoolmaster.
"Yes," said . the preacher, "the first
thing they seem to teach children is
how to play, draw poker."
"I , had * trouble in -keepin* 'em from
drawin'- clubs T on " me," replied the
schoolmaster.;— Chicago Tribune.
Special Information supplied d*tly to
business houses anU public men by th«
Presw CUppinr Bureau i Aliens ). :3«Ca*»
tfornia stnwt Telephone Main 1041. •
' Townsend's Callfofrsia Glace fruits in
J artistic Ore-etched boxes. 7X5 Market »!.•
Another .shorn lr.mb is scckin? redress from the courts for alleged wrongs
suffered st the hands of.tv.o grt-rich-quick concerns. Though it is said that
the Lord tempcreth the wind to such, the individual who gets bitten by a
diamond tontine is generally regarded as very much of a goat/ His Idlt coin
be upon his own. head.
TOO GOOD TO MISS.
"I suppose .the hero and heroine of
that story get married in the last
chapter?'' she said.
"No, divorced, 1 ' replied her friend.
"Oh, how; lovely! -] Will I you. let? me
borrow It when you get through."— -
Chicago Record-Herald.
8If you- want the , best .In "photographs | go to
LrfOtz's. 016 : Market sC . Columbia .bldg. « : • -j
SACRAMENTO, ? Sept. 2. — The clothes of * a
man believed to bo 'James Wlggs. a' lumber
man, presumably ' from - Fulda, ¦.. Placer County;
were found on the banks of the Sacramento
Klver to-«lar. -It is believed he was drowned
while bathing.
Southern Pacific tickets sold Saturday and
Sunday, September 3 and 4, good to return up
to and Including Monday, - will, on account of
Labor day, be good for -return up to and in
cluding Tuesday, September- 6. •
Labor Day.
THREATENS TO KILL. WIPE.— Mrs. Elln«
Carpenter. 205 Perry street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday tor the
arrest of George W; Carpenter, her husband,
on a charge of threats against her . life. She
has applied for a' divorce. from him and al
leges that he called upon her - on Thursday
night and threatened to kill her unless she
withdrew the divorce suit and consented to live
with him again..
Town Talk's current household number la a
beautifully illustrated magazine of sixty
pages, containing much natter of topical
savor, s«tne brilliant essays, clever short sto
ries, charming verse and sclntlllant witticisms,
together with the usual crisp comment on.cur
rent .events and sprightly . paragraphs of In
terest to people" in general. The Sounterer
tells why Charley Shortrldge Is on the Hayei
brothers' trail, the prospect of a non-partisan
party, of some Interesting social reminiscences
and of the impending removal to New York
of a big local institution. There are several
Interesting news Items or an exclusive char
acter about society, theatrical and club people
in this week's Issue.
Town Talk.
CONVICTED OF BURGLARY.— Yesterday
afternoon S. P. Wetrel was convicted In Judse
Law-tor's court of burglary in the second de-
Free He entered the Richelieu Hotel on Van
Hem avenue on May C. representing that he
was a private detective, and A. Abrahamson
th- proprietor, fotmd him ransacking his bu
reau drawers. He will be tried en another
chfge In a few days, and there are three
cas*« pending against him in the Police. Court
He has already served a term of six months
for petty larceny committed in Benicia.
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ins; and developing at lowest prices.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. v * '¦¦"
Buyers Show Disposition to Provide
for Remote Requirements.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Confidence increases each week as a
larger proportion of the agricultural
yield is placed beyond the reach of in
jury and Industrial undertakings are
less Interrupted by labor controversies.
It is not to be expected that the busi
ness world will suddenly abandon its
conservative attitude, purchases being
still restricted largely to such needs as
are clearly discerned, but there is evi
dence of a growing disposition to pro
vide for more remote requirements. In
many lines, particularly dry goods,
stocks have been reduced more below
normal and fall shipments are expand
ing In a healthy manner.
Distribution of merchandise is pro
viding the railways with a large ton
nage, preparations are being made to
handle the enormous crops and the
gross earnings of all railways reporting
for three weeks In August show a gain
of 1.4 per cent over the same time last
year. Foreign commerce for the last
week at this port was smaller than a
year ago, exports decreasing $307,277,
while imports fell 5&04.902, and this ten
dency is largely responsible for the
treasury delict In August, customs re
ceipts falling about $3,000,000 behind
those of the same month Jast year.
Quiet conditions have prevailed in the
hide markets.
The failures this week In the United
States were 222, against 205 last week,
226 the preceding week and 181 the cor
responding week of last year. The fail r
ures In Canada number 25, against 23
last week, 24 the preceding week and
7 last year. j
CONFIDENCE INCREASING.
A writ of attachment was served
yesterday by . Hay & Wright on the
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama
tion Company. A dredger . belonging
to the latter concern was seized and
held by the Sheriff's deputies at
Fourth and Kentucky streets to secure
an alleged debt of $5790 74.
Dredger Is Attached.
The official Y. M. C. A. excursion leav
ing September 8 via the Grand Canyon
for the World's Fair will be the largest
of the year. Mr. F. W. Prince, city tick
et ajcent of the Santa Fe. will personally
conduct the party. World's Fair rates
are good for this trip. Full information
at 641 Market st t ¦,-,.• ..•-*
Biggest Excursion of the Year.
YOSEMITE VAIiliEY.
Reduced Round Trip Rates by South
ern Pacific.
Until October 13 the Southern Pacific will
fell round trip tickets to Yosemite Valley
from San Francisco for $48 50. This includes
Pullman accommodations both waye. side ride
to the Mariposa Grove (the greatest of the
California big trees), twelve meals and three
nights' lodgings at hotels and carriage drives
to Mirror Lake. Vernal Falls, Nevada Falls
and Glacier Point. Tickets good for return
until October 18. Those wno desire to stay
longer than the schedule time may do so by
paying the special hotel rate of $3 a day. An
exceptionally fine chance to ¦ visit the most
wonderful valley in the world. Ask about It
at Southern Pacific office, 613 Market st. •
RILEY MAKES A MISTAKE.— Joseph Rlley
was arrested early yesterday morning at Third
and Hunt etreet s by Policeman Tlllman and
locked up In -the tanks" at the City Prison.
He wes wanted by Detectives Regan and
O Connell on i charge of grand larceny. About
six months ago he stole a watch and chain
from n man in a saloon on Third street. He
left the city and returned. Imagining the po
lice had forgotten that he was wanted.
Business failures in the • United
States for the week ending Septem
ber 1 numbered 186, against 185 last
week, 162 in the like week in 1903,
133 in 1902, 169 in 1901 and 154 in
1900. \
In Canada failures for the- week
numbered 17, against 16 last week and
18 In this week a year ago.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending September 1 aggre
gated 1,830.511 bushels, aerainstl,084,
333 last week, 3,131,839 this week last
year. 6.476,299 In 1902 and 4,406,064
in 1901.
From July 1 to date the exports ag
gregated 12,464,662 bushels, against
28,270,128 last year, 43,153,696 in
1902 and 59,167,570 in 1901.
Corn exports for the week aggre
gated 710.562 bushels, against 763,
846 last week, 868,741 a year ago,
21,196 in 1902 and 550,876 in 1901.
NEW YORK; Sept. 2. — Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say:
Further expansion of fall trade is
noted at leading centers and the last
week in August has seen the largest
business done since the opening of the
season. Crops have, made fair prog
ress. Collections have been nothing
to boast of and have been backward,
in fact.' Failures were more numer
ous than in July in nearly all sections.
Suspensions of -mercantile concerns
.have swollen liabilities beyond those
of August a year ago. Recently pre
ceding conditions are maintained In
railroad earnings, which show slight
saing over the last year.
The Industrial outlook is still an un
settled one. Efforts to revive the meat
strike by extending it to independent
houses have caused some irregularity
and uncertainty in the market for
livestock and for meats. General
price reductions of live animals' are a
feature. The industrial outlook . at
New York Is unsettled because of the
drifting apart of employers and em
ployes In the building trades and the
prospects of a strike of motormen in
the new subway. Some more resump
tions of Industrial operations are not
ed in different sections. The general
tone of labor affairs is one of Irrita
tion. On the Pacific Coast distribu
tive trade is still slow to Improve.
Wool is firm at Eastern centers,
with a fair business being done on a
feeling that the available stoks will
bring full prices. A tendency toward
higher prices of many staples was not
ed this week. Poor reports from the
harvest in the Northwest strength
ened wheat and, sympathetically, flour
and the feeling received support that
the crop damage in the Northwest had
not been exaggerated.
Tin and lead have advanced slight
ly, while copper has remained un
changed. The very heavy export
movement in this latter product has
been a feature of the country's for
eign trade this year. .
Industrial Outlook Is Still
Unsettled, Causing* Irregu
larity in Prices of Stock
FALL TBADE EXPANDS
. Concentrates are ¦ reported to • have
averaged about 50 per cent tin near Tin
City. \t The ; DJomede Islands, \ midway
between Alaska arid Siberia, ; have signs
of coppei\ -If the - tin . deposits of : Cape
Mountain • should develop ; commercial
"The greater part of the . York region is
occupied by the York plateau, which is from
200 to COO feet ; above the i sea and is a . result
of erosion occurring during the period in which
vrns produced the bench described in connec
tion with the Lost River deposits. • '- -' -
This olateau Is trenched by the streams
which drain the region, and the valleys have
V-nhap?d cross sections, characteristic of newly
established drainage., ; At the basa of Cape
Mountain, which rises to an elevation of 2300
feet,-' the York . plateau has' an elevation of
about UJCO ¦ feet . abov« the, sea.,. The inter
bedded schists and . limestones above described
form the bedrock ' of * the I plateau surface I sur
rounding Cape .Mountain, but the mountain
Itself Is comnoatd almost entirely of a granite
boss lntruslre in . the limestone. The contact
relations • of . th? ¦ granite ¦ and limestone have
not been . studied » in detail. ¦ but • from data
gathered In the hasty reconnaissances It ap
pears thct the srranite cuts across the bedding
of.t*'". limestone. • ¦,."-¦.: •,, .--.-. ¦ ;••
The tin deDosits on the San Jacinto
1 ranch in Riverside County will be
worked with machinery. They have
been idle since 1891.
J. V. Coleman and others have con
tracted to sell the Guadalupe quicksil
ver mines near San Jose to H. C. Davy
for $250,000, at any time within five
years. In the meantime Davy must work
the mines and pay royalties according
; to the production of quicksilver.
; A bond has been taken on the New
! Albany Quartz mines and its exten
sions, on the north fork of the Tuol
: umne River, near Carters.
Two gold dredgers are now working
ten miles east of Marysville, on the
j Hallett place.
I Some time ago The Call published a
| review of the ' reports made by
the United States Geological Sur
vey relative to the tin depos
its of the York region, In Alaska. The
! commercial and economic bearing of
; the existence of tin in large quantities
in any portion of the territory of the
; United States is readily appreciated.
In a series of articles in the Mining
and Scientific -Press A. J. Collier im
parts supplementary information that
is Interesting.. Collier avers that the
main tin-bearing ledge on Tin Creek
can be traced a mHe from Tin Creek
westward across a mountain. Crosscut
trenches have been made on the ledge
near Cassiterite Creek, and these
showed that the, ledge Is about 100 feet
wide. At Cape • Mountain, from x which
points on the' Asiatic coast are visible
on a clear day, Is the settlement known
as Tin City. Specimens of tin ores
have been found on the surface at Tin
City. These undoubtedly came from
higher up the mountain and from its
surface, but the ore has not been ded- j
nltely traced to its place of original lo
cation. Tin ore has been found, so Col
lier reports, in three distinct places on
Cape Mountain. Several short tunnels
have been driven into the mountain,
but have not reached ore bodies. The
granite of some of these tunnel3 is
partly altered to gneiss, and this fact
is taken as justification of the belief
thatore bodies may not be far distant.
Of the country Collier writes:
IN THE YORK REGION. \
Three roads are In construction to the
Masonic Mountain , mining district, in
Mono County— from , Bodie, from
Bridgeport and from Sweetwater.
The Eureka drift mine, in Nevada
County, has been bonded. to a. Sacra
mento company for $35,000.
The Lone Star Gold Mining Company
has been Incorporated to develop a
group of claims In Death Valley.
MINES OP CALIFORNIA.
To carry out this pumping work, it is
agreed by the Truckee River General
Electric Company that a new plant,
distinct from the one now existing at
Floriston, shall be constructed two
miles distant from the older plant, and
that a separate pole line shall also be
put in so that either or both power
plants and connections may be used
on the Comstock as the emergency
warrants. If one plant gives out tem
porarily the other will be ready for
immediate use. The mining companies
agree to use $2500 worth of power a
month for the. period of. five years for
the Gold Hill properties and ten years
for the middle arid "north end groups.
All that was needed' to close the deal
was the approval by directors of the
mining companies. The contract was
ratified by the directors of the Ophii,
Consolidated California and Virginia,
Mexican, Union Consolidated and Si
erra Nevada companies. The remaining
companies will soon give their ap
proval. The companies that are con
cerned are the Utah, Sierra Nevada,
Union Consolidated, Mexican, Andes,
Ophlr, Consolidated California and
Virginia, Best and Belcher, Gould and
Curry,- Savage, Hale and Norcross.
Chollar, Potosi, Bullion, Julia Consoli
dated, Exchequer, Alpha, Consolidated
Imperial, Yellow Jacket, Challenge Con
solidated, Confidence, Kentuck, Crown
Point, Belcher, Overman,, Caledonia,
Justice, Alta, Silver Hill, and Occiden
tal Consolidated.
A rumor was on the street yesterday
afternoon that some local man had
cleaned up $60,000 in the Goldfleld
mines, but no names were mentioned,
although there were brokers In the
stock board who were reported to know
the facts. When they were questioned
they would not -stand as sponsors for
the story. One report was that "Lucky"
J&kin Jones, who with "Shorty" Ken
dall nnd JL. L. Patrick, found a rich
ledge only eighteen inches under the
surface at Goldfield, was once more
lucky. If he is tht^man he has man
aged to keep still "about It.
Two events of yesterday served to
stir up the Interest of the mining com
munity and to direct attention to Ne
vada. Early in the day a dispatch was
received by George S. Nixon, candidate
for the United States Senatorship in Ne
vada, in which he was informed that
he was richer to the extent of $100,000
by reason of the rich ore that had been
discovered in a mine In the new camp
of Goldfteld. The ore was reported to
be worth $2000 to the ton. Nixon was
not surprised. He believes that Gold
rleld ore is the richest in the w.orld. '
While this information was buzzed
about among miners, a contract was
closed, under the terms of which thirty
one mining companies, composing the
Comstock" Pumping Association, will
pay : for' additional electric power from
the Truckee River General - Electric
Company that the drainage and deep
exploitation of the Comstock lode may
be effected.
Cajsiterlte, in the form of etream tin. Is dis
tributed from the mouth of the creek to within
one mile of its head, above which point little
more than traces have been found. The ore
varies In size from sand to pebbles weighing
thirteen or fourteen pounds. Several pieces
from five to eight pounds in weight were seen,
though the averaze size is much smaller. A
few of tho pebbles are perfectly rounded, but
most of them arc subanxular. The ore from
the claims near th« mouth of Buck Creek
I* generally well rounded, while that from near
the head is sharp and angular. In general
the stream tin grows more angular as the issod
of tf« creek is approached.
¦ Ttu» color of the casslterite varle» from al
most black to a llaht resin or amber; when
crusb».3, however, it makes a light-colored
resinous powder, by which it is readily -dis
tinguished from hematite or other iron miner
als that are frequently mistaken for it, slnca
they invariably rive a distinctly red, brown
or black oowder. Sometimes small pieces of
cassiterite are found inclosed between frag
ments of slate, showing that the ore some
times occurs as veinlets in the bedrock.
It has been stated that the gravels contain
about elrht pounds of eo per cent ore to the
cubic yard. The value per yard on this basis,
with tin at 28 cents per pound, would be $1 34,
but of which charges for shipping and treat
ment would have to be paid.
The pay streak appears to be confined to
the present stream-bed and Rood-plain deposits.
In the present creek bed the ore is found from
the surface to the bottom of the gravels.
Outside the creek bed. in the flood plain, there
is a covering of moss and muck above the
pay 'gravel. No cassiterite is known to have
been found on the hillsides surroundintr Burk
Creek or on the plateau surface in which Buck
Creek Valley Is Incised, though such an oc
currence Is to be expected. The known pay
streak varies in width from ten to one hundred
and flfty feet, and in thickness from a few
ineh»s to five feet. Estimates of the amount
of tin ore in the gravels vary from eight -to
twenty -seven pounds per cubic yard.
Buck Creek is a small stream about five
miles in length. It receives a large tributary
known ss Slitter Creek one mile . from it*
mouth. ' About four mll-es from its mouth it
again- forks and has two branches, the risht
and left forks. Near the mouth of Buck
Creek. '¦ boulders and pebbles of • green stone
occur in the cravtl deposits. Theas hav« not
been traced to. their source, but they probably
came froma eroun of hills on the east side
of Grouse Creek before the present drainaga
¦wns established. At a number of places along
B'.ick Creek small quartz veins were found
cutting across the beddin? or running parallel
with it through the slate. Soms of these quartz
veins are ns much as three or four feet thick.
Th« crave! deposits in the bed cf Buck Creek
are from ten to ons hundred and fifty feet
wide, varying greatly in different parts of the
cr*ek. ,
importance the Diomede Islands may
merit investigation. There should be
tin at Brooks Mountain, eleven miles
north of the mouth of Lost River, and
also on the Bon River. Discoveries of
tin at Ear Mountain are reported. Buck
Creek, on the Arctic slope of the Sew
a'rd peninsula, was the scene of the first
actualmining of tin ore in Alaska, and
this remains the center for tin placer
mining activity. Buck Creek is about
twenty miles northeast ; of York and
four miles from tide water on the Lopp
lagoon, a body of water not navigable
for sea vessels and affording no harbor
for such craft. Of the Buck Creek de
velopments Collier says: . .. .,
Patrolman Rugglea heard a woman's
.'6crea.nj8 while he was passing the
Grand Hotel at 2 o'clock yesterday
morning, and tracing them to their
eouree he found Edna gnapp lying upon
the sidewalk at New Montgomery and
After a rob« had been etolen from
his buggy J. L. Davidson, real estate
agent, bought a new one. fastened a
•corner of it securely to the bottom of
the vehicle, allowed the remainder to
tie as If he had. carelessly thrown it
there and then himself and
watched- L. P. Noonan rose to the
bait. He was pulling and tugging at
th« robe when conning Mr. Davidson
collarefi him, and to-day he will be
Fentenced for petty larceny.
. "In the County Jail," responded
Judge Cabaniss, "you will find a com
plete reversal of those conditions. I'll
sentence you to-morrow."
"The trouble was,** said Joseph 8en
rr»\ found drunk and stupid on Kearny
rtreet, "that I have been having too
much drink and not enough food.';
• • •
E. 5. McKay of this city alleges that
j . -nd Sheffield had been friends for
many years when the latter induced
him to rash a check for $50, drawn on
the Oakland Bank of Savings. The
c hp<k was returned marked "No funds"
and since then all of McKay's efforts
to recover the $50 from Sheffield have
been futile. Sheffield got the money
for the ostensible purpose of betting It
on a horse race, claiming he had a
"straight tip."
FL R. Shpfn>ld, a deputy assessor of
AJamedl County, who is charged with
having obtained money under false
pretense*, failed to respond when his
nam* was railed In Judge Cabaniss'
court and the case was continued till
next. Wednesday to give the police op
portunity to bring him into court. .-'.
'"But your landlord did not do right
in telling you that," caid his Honor,
"for Mrs. Fitzgerald has just as clear
a title to the sunshine as you possess.
! will continue this case for thirty days
and hope that In the interim you two
ladies will get together and arrange a
division of the rays."
"My landlord told me that I did right
in pulling down the clotheslines,"
pleaded Mrs. Ottinger to Police Judge
Oabaniss.
"But this is my business," urged Mrs.
Ottinger. "After paying for the new
windows, do you think I'm going to
allow you to shut the sun from them?"
Angry retort by Mrs. Fitzgerald, fol
lowed by razing of clothesline props by
Mre. Ottinger. Scene repeated several
times within a week, finally resulting
In Mrs. Ottinger's arrest on complaint
of Mrs. Fitzgerald. Charge, disturbing
ih*> peace.
Mrs. Fitzgerald did not accept the in
formation es an enlightenment. She
knew perfectly well vhat she was
doing end what the effect upon Mrs.
Ottinger's kitchen would be when she
hoisted her laundered linen, which ehe
intended to keep there until it was
thoroughly dried. She hoped she had
a right to use her own yard without
asking permission of her neighbors and
she wondered whether some of those
neighbors — no need to mention names —
-would ever learn how to attend to their
own business.
While not exactly a sun- worshiper,
;,:rs. Alfreta Ottlnger had always been
en ardent wooer of solar heat, so when
the hired tbj residence premises num
bsrtJ 1CC1A Minna street it was with
Cittir.ct understanding that the rear
vtsx&oxei thereof should le so enlarged
,.s to obtain the greatest possible ex
posure to the sun. Inasmuch as she
agreed to defray . the cost of the pro
posed baprbyementa ihe landlord in
tcrposed no rericr-is objection ar.d the
trcrk was done in accordance with her
p!ar.s and specifications. Fhe fairly
reveled in the rays that pierced the
sew panes until she went into the
kitchen a few day3 ago and found it
both gloomy and chill and on seeking
the cause ot the unwonted atmosphere
.she found it in an array of bed linen
dangling from clotheslines in the back
yard cf the house numbered 120 Elev
enth street, occupied by the family of
Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald. The Fitzgerald
sheets and blankets were absorbing the
sunshine that erstwhile flooded the
Ottinger culinary department.
"Mrs. Fitzgerald certainly doesn't
Unow that her 'washing' is darkening
my kitchen." soliloquised Mrs. Ottin
prr, and she at once hastened to con
vey enlightenment.
C. Cracker was erecting a decorative
arch at Third and Market streets. when
he chanced to look down from his lofty
perch and saw a hammer which he had
left below being picked up and carried
away by a man who had no title to It.
Descending to earth as quickly as pos
sible, Mr. Cracker followed the thief
and caught him in the act of trying to
sell the implement to a Third-street
pawnbroker. The thief was registered
at the City Prison as George Seabury,
and to-day Judge Conlan will sentence
him for petty larceny.
• • •
Ella Wilbur stated as her reason for
ringing for a police patrol wagon and
then giving herself into custody that
she desired to get rid of some compan
ions whose manners made her tired and
whom she could not elude in any other
manner. No, she was not under the in
fluence of liquor, although she had con
sumed some drinks. First offense and
ca6e dismissed.
Annie Friedenrich declared she was
not intoxicated, but suffering from the
effects of seasickness acquired while
coming from Sausalito, when she was
arrested at the ferry depot. Tale be
lieved and case dismissed.
Fred Miller pleaded (first) that he
was a vegetarian and (second) that he
thought the tomatoes had been retired
on account of age and debility, and
that it was no offense for him to pick
up and carry away the crate containing
them. The theft was committed at 1
o'clock yesterday morning from the
door of a commission-house on Front
etreet, and Patrolman Murphy, who
witnessed It, testified that there was
nothing in either the complexion or the
odor of the tomatoes to convict them
of antiquity and corresponding unflt
ness for human consumption. Besides,
the policeman argued, if the defendant
considered the tomatoes worthless why
did he attempt to steal them? Judge
Cabaniss said the officer's point was
well taken, and then he sentenced Mr.
Miller to thirty days' imprisonment for
petty larceny. i*.£l4.
Henry Schonmaker, a laborer, neglect
ed to pay to his divorced, wife the ali
mony ordered by the Superior Court,
and spent the money in a saloon at
Fourth and Howard streets. Then,
while the bartender's back was tempor
arily turned, he reached his arm across
the counter and picked up a cigar bos
containing 54 in nickels, with which he
was attempting to exit when the mix
ologist nabbed him. The prisoner was
charged with petty larceny. Judge Con-
Ian will sentence him this morning.
John Traversaro, fruit peddler, was
fined ?10 about a week ago for ob
structing Montgomery etreet with his
wagon, and yesterday Judge Fritz pro
nounced him guilty of having deliber
ately repeated the offense. He will be
tentenced to-day, and the fine Imposed
is likely to exceed $10. ' Ij/m
Jessie streets and W. A. Joiner, a pri
vate watchman, bending over her and
requesting that she be" quiet. Neither
the man nor the woman would explain
the cause of the screams, and when ar
raigned before Judge Cabaniss for dis
turbing: the peace their reticence was
maintained. Case continued to allow
the policeman to pursue his inquiry.
Reports Show That the Last
Week in August Was Bus
iest Since Season Opened
Rich Ores in Mine Owned by Senatorial Candidate Make Big
Showing for N?w Bonanza Region and Yield Him Foftu^.
Directors Sanction Contract for. Draining the Comstock
Mrs. Mary Fitz:erald's Laundered B^d-Coverings Exclude
Solar R »ys From the Windows of Mrs"; Allreda O.tinger's
Kitchen, and the L dies Have sn Inning in Police Court
FAIR PROGRESS
MADE BY CROPS
STRIKE AT GOLDFIELD
GIVES NIXON $100,000
WOMAN SHUTS OUT SUN
FROM NEIGHBOR'S HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,- SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3' 19M.
9
ooJL AXflVffi /•> I
j Want Advertisers
t I •— —^-— i si - si - - - m h->^^^->-- m m - - - - - - m - - w
I »Next Sunday's Call.
§ A Bottle of Griffin's Extra Fine Catsvp
D ...AND.- (Packed This Season— Fresh and Wholesome)
I A Can of Griffin's Extra Sovp Extract
k (Packed This Season— Fresh and Wholesome)
I. FREE FREE
| These Goods arc the choicest products of Califor-
.b nia, and sre packed at San Jose especially for the Home
(Trade. Everything known to modern methods of pre-
paring these Delicacies - is applied to each and every
package of Griffin's Extras by
THE CALIFORNIA CANNERS' ASSOCIATION.
AMUSEMENTS.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-yiOHT i
ocri. o w_xt weei oCI*l._.
Matinees Monday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday.
Oliver. Morosco Offers His New Tork Flayers,
IHE MAJESTIC THEATER COMPANY
In a Splendid Scenic Production of
£e Palace £ King
. Box Office Phone South 432.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Wonderful Portrayal of
SAPHO
Mats. — Wednesday. Friday (Admis-
sion day) and Saturday.
_____
Next Monday— Seat Bale for
"Marta of the Lowlandi."
ff* ft 1 fi I Rfi B|ft M rSASESS .
Powell st., near Market.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3 SHARP.
To-night and Sunday, L— at Times,' at '8 sharp.
j ARNOLD DALT announces double bill.
CANDIDA.
Followed by t-haw's one-act Napoleonic Satire,
THE HAS OT DSSTXKT.
Begrlnnln? NEXT.MONDAT. SEPT. 5.
MR. KYRLE BELLE W
Supported by original company, lncludln*
E. M. Holland, In .
JT» It JCK7J JS7 The AMATEUR
my A4 jt^ m JL, JLJ «Z9 cracksman.
I : — : —
A BIG NEW SHOW
'OUR BOYS IN BLUE;"
; Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Xelcy; Klein and
! Clifton; Paul Barnes; William* and
Tucker, and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
X~,st Timei of Max and Julia Helnricli;
Treloar, Assisted by Edna Tempest,
and the Musical Goolmans.
Regular Matinees Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c, 25c and 50c
NEXT .WEEK,
MATINEE EVERY DAT.
1 GRAND gSBgj
To-night. Positively Last Appearance of !
Mr. James NEILL
\UNDERl
Matinee | *~^_T|: " *Mat!ne» \
i To-daj^^^^| ££ ¦___. To-^aT- '
FIRS! TIME at 15c, 25c, 50c i
I s«pt. u— PRxsroztss taut tah. :
t-~- — -.--..---¦.-- — , ,-,. i-,-i nr i A i- IJU u j
ALCAZAR "Sir
. ' ! General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
- LAST MATINEE TO- DAT.
Evif., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Eat., 23c to 50c
VA/H1TE | AHD THE ALCA2AH CO.
\A/ HI XX I_. E fe E Y
- In Clyde Fitch's Colonial Drama.
NATHAN | awm.
¦;¦/-¦¦¦ hMoii- "^1 HALE
"Enjoyed by a. large audience. "—Chronicle-.
"A Splendid Production.!' — Call.
MON.. SEPT. 5— SUrtlnjt with LABOR DAT
MATINEB— MK. WH1TTLESET la
ROBERT EMMET
The'. Original Brandon- Tynan "Version.
Market st.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
".'»' TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS,
" Matinees To-day and To-Morrbw.
A TJUEWLEHDOUS KIT!
' Francis Powers', Famous Chinese Play,
First Born
DDirCC "Evenings 10c to SCc
lulvLO Matinees ..We. 15c, 25c
STARTING MONDAY .(LABOR DAT)
MATINEE. (
Theodore Kremer*s Great Comedy Drama,
-.. . THE EVIL MEN 330 •
Rs_ *Gs9v nCTrli __|Hi W*BfrrB IB flw-m BBSs _pBfM ______tk8__m9^s^ Bb^s " _iftfo _|p|
245-259 GEARY ST. DM THE SQUARE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jWveloping-i
AT CUT PRICES.
Have you sent that trial order In
yet?- Send It in HOW. My work is
always satisfactory, because I know
how to do it, and then my prices are
very small.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6.... .10c | Roll of 12 16c
P8H7TXXTG:
Solio finish .3c to 5c
Velox finish 3c to 6c
DAYLIGHT LOADING riLMS. the
best on the market, at small prices.
AITSCO CAMERAS, at prices rang-
ing from 8o.O<). No better -cameras
made.
CYKO PHOTO PAPER. Try it. At
my prices. You'll like it.
Cameras repaired at low figures.
Mail orders promprty filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
100S KABKET STEET, Opp. Fifth.
SAN FKAN'CISCO.
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap?.
' - • Sold all over the world. .
OUTL.ERY
THE MADYAIS MUSIC CO.
I 933; Market St, Opp.Hason. ;
SHEET anXBIC AT HAW PRICE.
ICARTERSl CURE SICK headache.
S|BiTTi.E . Genuina Musi Bear
SlVER Fac-Simiia Signature
B PILLS. . sp ,rr
UNION COURSING PARK
P. J. BSXL&T 3v*gm
JAB. T. QBAC23 Stt*p«I
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, SEPT. 3-4
FIFTH ANNUAL
CALIFORNIA_FUTURITY
OPEN AND RESERVE STAKES
155— NOMINATIONS— 155
$2500— TOTAL PURSE— $2500
TRAIN SERVICE.
Saturday— Leaves Third and Townsend 10:13
a. m. and 1:30 o. m.: 10:15 a. m. train only
stops at Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
Sunday — Trains leave Third and Townsend
streets at 10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1
p. m., all stopping at Twenty-fifth asd Va-
lencia streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 and after the last course. San Mateo
electric cars every four minutes to park en-
trance direct. .
ADMISSION 23 CENTS; NO FREE LIST.
craallW MSf
SHMemr
We8k I With the GREAT CAST
» STS- 25c 50c 75c
EXTRA HOLIDAY MATINEES
Labor and Admission Days, Sept. 5 and 9
SEAT3 ALWAYS 6ELMNO.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
_^££__£_i__i?
AN UNSURPASSED PRODUCTION.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Tho best, the funniest and most compUta
musical burlesque, .• ,,-"
A Company ot Mirth Conquerors . '
DOROTHT MORTON RICE A CADT.
GEORGIA O*RAMET BOBBT NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK BEN DILLON*
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL HICKMaIn.
Unrivaled Chorus of Forty. New and r ~' > 'hy
Song Hits. Twenty Great Specialties. Sceaary
and Costuming- Never Surpassed.'
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special Matinees on Labor Day, Monday,
Sept. 3: Admission Day, Friday. Sept. 8.
STRICTLY POPULAR PRICEa.
Burlesque to follow, "MISS MAZUMA,'* *y
J. C. Crawford. "
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR
And a Splendid Show Brtry Aftaxaoos
• and Srentnff tax ts.» Tatatar. -
TAKE A RIDB ON THB
anSlATTTBE ELECTRIC KATT.BOAa*
THREE BABY LIONS IN THB ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DB LA MORT.
p—fcisaiATio xrucmxo ronuxx
DISPUtT TO-KIOKT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN ......f*
Wh«n Phontay Ask for "Tha Chute—**
EnR<~~T.T.A'y~Kvng AJausJ^ 1 «^i xa»
BASEBALL
Oakland vs. Portland .
AT RECREATION PARK.
EUhth and Harrison sts.
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY and FRIDAY,
- B:3O P. M. '
8ATURDAY. 3 P. M.
¦ SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M. -
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton st.
Paian* dont fail to
i maw gee _„ bewitifBi
j COURT Loangi-g
i\ flfl room, the EMPIRE
aiIU parlor. th«
r J PALM ROOM, tht
llTflflQ LOUIS XV PAR.
UI a M U LOR, and the LA.
H ±~t~ DIES' WRITINO
notels I goo*- .
__»-h^_^ » MB " : - ¦ SMS *
4|P|\Every Woman
L\MVlnfeniIl MARVEL Whirling Spray
Ny^yJfft^at^frt/ L _»it-Moit ConTenienU
T*w •j^djtti fur tt» jM[f^^^^^^^jL^^^^^
If Ji<» cannot supply the V-. /jj_> ~ftS5;y
¦ARVKX, accept u» T* a &E»«tet— ¦
other, bnt sen Attain p for - "fc. #^ l '.»%v/
Ulai»trau<lhook-t»«i»_ It lives 1ft / '"Kf
full particulars and dizeeUona in- hj. I m
ralnnbl* to lartifs M AHVKV CCSTUfr. * ,__F
. 41 Ptkttt Ilo— ', X en 1 ork. • *—*''¦¦ (fl ¦¦*
152 Ne\» MontBonnry. San Francisco. Cat
William Hauc-rotb «Ladl«s' Dect-).-j=4 SuUer.
fnica Drus Co.. 4rtO Sutler and' 100 Stockton.
Ossood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy U9 EU1»
WeelClSLOOiBMiA' fool • and hla" money are easy marks.
- BURGLAR SUSPECT ARRKSTED.— John
Burns was arrested by Sergeant Ellis and Po
liceman McGowan yesterday while trying to
•sell four 50-gallon barrels. They were stolen
from the cooperage of August Petzoid. 3 Cham
bers street, early Thursday morning. Burn*
denied that he was the thief. He was locke<l
up tn "the tanks" at the city prison and a
charge of burglary will be made against him.
I The police are looking for his accomplice.
ACCUSES HACKMAN • SUli.IV AN.— Frank
Sullivan, a hackman, was arrested 'yesterday
by Detectives Regan and O'Connell on \ a com
plaint sworn to by Mrs. ' Marie Herbert. ;.232
Stockton street. . She . alleges . that last LTues
day night Sullivan assaulted her. In his hack
In Golden Gate Park. She was found In an
unconscious condition by a .policeman on Fulton
street.- 'A few hours, after, swearing^ to- the
complaint- yesterday morning -the woman* was
arrested on^Kearny street by Policeman Ed
wards. 'She was drunk. • • ¦•;-¦• • • ¦ ¦•¦•¦¦¦¦-
;<TJi'eV compound, chemical lecithin
tends ; to. promote' the growth of giants.
: Gochnauer ' is not . the . luckiest short
stop in this : " Every;, time this
From appearances the Oakland band
is in. The talent is there,, but the
spirit is lacking. They ' cant win a
game any more. Some thought their
recent winning streak in the north
boded wcllfor a climb to a top-notch
position, but it was not to be. As
soon as they came home it was the
same old story, in the same old way.
When Buchanan twirls they generally
win, but "with another pitcher in the
box the odds are always against them
and they generally lose.
' On paper Oakland has as good a ball
team, as- any in the league, but dope
does- not seem to count for much. Ever
since Lohman was forced to seek the
bench it has been off with the Cora
muters.. This demonstrates that the
venerable . Peter cannot make his
charges play ball unless he is in the
midst of the. fight himself. .
•The drafting process will in all prob
ability play havoc with the talent in
the Pacific Coast League this season.
The ever .'alert magnates in the big
leagues have their glimmers already
set on many a promising youngster,
and, of course, .the Pacific Coast
League will have no redress when the
big: fellows are ready to .act. Then
t her coast people will find * that the
national agreement can. do more harm
than good , in this . Far Western terri
tory.' -
How "Keg" Dugdale manages to
keep apace with that mottled ball
team of his is a problem that would
worry any baseball fan. Still the
Brownies are winning their share of the
games at the present time and making
some of the star aggregations worry a
whole lot when they hook up. There
is no head to the outfit, no team work
and nobody can notice any visible gin
ger when they are engaged in strife.
Still they get away with a goodly por
tion of their games.
'According to 1 the .present . plans, the
northerners and' southerners will start
together •" from ¦ San ; Francisco on
.Wednesday,, the '21i.t' Inst., and journey
south. The. first .control will be Sa
linas; the second San- Luis Obispo, and
the third -Santa .Barbara. , On the 21th
the"' motorists ' will - reach Los • Angeles.
The ' ; 'event'" will .be^ In .chaxge- of L. P.'
Lowe,.S. G. Buckbee and C.^C. Moore,
the. ra«Ing T committee of the Automo
bile. Club of California. "
.The most brilliant: performer at the
recent races at . Del Llorite ; was : George
P.' Fuller, who won the Del Monte cup
and" several; other trophies and was
Belected'.as the -representative' of the
Automobile- Club of California In the"
contest 1 .for, ' the interclub "perpetual
'challenge cup presented by L. P. Lowe."
Though ; Mr. -Fullef is an ; amateur, cvvho
faces^for. love.of the sp'ort, he • Is hard-'
ly'.less"' skillful 'than Barney- Oldfield in
rounding ; the '/corners or the : track '. at
hlghi'speed. : ; • -''.¦, ;. „
The plan at -first arranged was for
the San • Francisco automobilists to
Journey -In their motor cars to Los An
geles and, after a two d.-.ys' rest there,
to journey back in company with the
southern motorists, wno," after a two
days' stop In San Fs^hclsco, were to
make the. return, trip, to Los Angeles.
This arrangement would have made a
round trip of about a thousamd miles
for the motor -cars.' ' It Is thought,
however, that the 500-mile trip in one
direction will be a sufficient test of the
endurance of the cars and, incidentally,
of their 'drivers." ;• , ¦ \,
Now that the annual meet and races
of the Automobile Club of California
at Del Monte are over. L. P. Lowe, the
indefatigable chairman, of the club, has
turned his attention once i..ore to the
proposed joint endurance run of the
Automobile dubs, of and of
Southern ' California.
The victory of the Alameda cricket
eleven in ' last Sunday's match against
the Sah Francisco County Club puts
the. Encinal Club' in. the lead 'for the
championship of 1904. The. 'Alameda
team went , to the wickets first, ; and;
though" McNaughton and Baugh ; were
run out J for small | scores, -made a 1 , total
of 157. runs, the chief contributors being
F. A. Stahl (26), S.M. Foster (34); F. J.
Croll : (23), George 'Croll • (13), : H. *Boyd
(11) : and J. H. Saunders (14,: not] out).
The ; fact". that three ! men? were.' run out
shows that, the Alameda,' men;f/wefe
anxious Uo I score, F. J. Croll • losing : his
wicket • in Jthis s way, as ,' weir as
and - McNaughton. " .? Da vies '.¦¦ was .; ; the
most '• successful • bowler, ; taking r' 4
wickets • f dr.'49 • runsi - Vf "'i-'v'" • '« s- v *' il'&- i
On the ground betw.een Clinton sta
tion, Oakland, and San Antonio Estu
ary there, will be a cricket match this
afternoon between a team of British
sailors from vessels lying^ In • Oakland
Creek and an eleven picked and cap
tained by the Rev. S. H. Wlngfleld-
Digby, chaplain of the Seamen's Insti
tute, San Francisco. Play will begin at
about 2:30 p. m. - V ,
The match set down for to-morrow
on the schedule of the California
Cricket Association is between the Pa
cific and the San Francisco County
teams, but it will be postponed till the
18th inst. Several of the cricketers
wish to" avail themselves of the holiday
on Monday, and as the match Veterans
versus Juniors will not take place, the
ISth is'an open date. .' \ ¦< ¦ i
There was some talk of making up a
team; of city cricketers 'to; visit .Santa
Cruz the Admission day ' holl
days.'but the present idea is tOiplay a
game of association' football there on
the 9th. The. arrangements, however,
have not been . completed, as the play
ers here are awaiting a definite' reply
from Santa. Cruz. .', ¦ ¦ ". • .'„: ...,:
Pacific Coast League May
Lose Many Players "When
Drafting Process Begins
Leading Automobile Clubs
of California to Piiin From
This City to Los Angeles
San Francisco County Loses
First Place Through Poor
Performances of Fielders
BROWNS' SUCCESS
PUZZLE TO FANS
MOTORISTS PLAN
ENDURANCE TEST
ENCINAL CRICKET
ELEVEN IN LEAD
trand, A. J. McKerron, T. Harris, W. Harris,
Gerald Kennlff (cockswain). Senior skiff — F.
J. Sherry. Junior skiff— Leo Wienand. Senior
shell — A..W. Pape and Leo Wienand. Junior
shell — Gus Bertrand and Thomas Harris. .
Though the new centerboard sloop
Corinthian defeated the fin-keel sloop
Challenger In the recent race for the
Perpetual Challenge Cup, there are
many yachtsmen who think the Chal
lenger the better boat. The conditions
of the weather on the day of the race
were especially suited to the shallow,
beamy boat and many yachtsmen be
lieve tha with a strong breeke and in
a heavy sea the Challenger would turn
the tables on the Corinthian. It is
practically certain that the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club will challenge for
the trophy next year, naming -the
Challenger as its representative. It. Is
not, however,- by any means certain
the Corinthian will be chosen as; the
defender.* Though the Corinthian ac
complished the purpose ; for which , she
was built, it is pretty well known that
she has disappointed her builders and
owners.
The regatta Is expected to prove un
usually Interesting and to provide
good racing in all the classes. In the
20-foot class the sloops Vixen and Zada
and the yawl Kittiwake will make an
interesting race. In the 25-foot class
the sloops Ruby, Discovery and Xeva
will have a royal battle for first prize.
The contest Is always close among the
yachts of the 30yfoot class, though W.
G. Morrow's sloop Challenger is sure
of first place. In the 36-foot class the
speedy Harpoon will fight it out with
F. Stone's enlarged and Improved
Presto; while in the 44-foot class the
slcops Xixle and Speedwell will con
tend for first place. F. G. Berry has
fitted the Xlxie with a new suit of
sails and Commodore Jennings will
have the Speedwell in the best of
trim.
will be divided into the usual classes.
The entry list will close at 8 p. m. on
Tuesday, the 6th inst.. at the Mer
chants' Exchange, where the delegates
of the association will hold a meeting
for the purpose of making the final
arrangements. •»
TVHELAN DENIES WOMAN'S CHARGES.
John F. Wbelan. who was cued a few months
ago by Margaret McLaughlln. who charged
him with having received $7000 of her savings
and refusing to deliver the sum en demand,
yesterday appeared In court with an answer.
He denies that she gave him $7000, or any
Bum: denies that that turn is in his possession
or in the Western National Bank, or that it
is In safe deposit box Ito. 158S, as charged.
He admits that he rented the box of that
number for the purpose of safely keeping, his
own personal property. He denies the ' charge
that he Is Insolvent. Knight A. Heggerty and
William M. Madden are Whelan's attornej-a. '
Dolphin Boating Club entries— Junior barge
Dr. A. Ward, Edward Mohr, L. C. Richmond,
H. McKevltV Gerald Kenniff (cockswain).
Senior and intermediate barge crew— Gus Ber-
Ariel Rowing Club entries — Junior barge —
L. M. Jensen, bow; Mat Brady, No. 2; Her
man Owldt. So. 3: Edward Murphy, . stroke;
Eddie Flanders, cockswain. Junior skiff — Alex
W. Kef can. Senior skiff— Jamea Wilson.
Junior ahell — Henry - Wllimn . JMnaminii
Senior barge crew — George Lewis, bow; E.
B. Thcrnlng. No. 2; J. Lewis, No. 3, F. W,
Ayers. stroke: Carson Donnelly, cockswain.
Intermediate barge crew, which will also
row in the senior race — C. McCcnnell, bow;
E. Edwards, No. 1; Frank Hunt, No. 3; Frank
Shay, stroke; Carson Donnelly, cockswain.
Junior barge crew — George Tupper, bow; W.
Burnham, No. 2: Mat Ryan, -No. 3; C. j.
Hague, stroke: Carson Donnelly, ' cockswain.
Senior aklff — F. W. Ayers. 8enlor shell— H.
Dumoat. Junior skiff — H. E. Nelson.
The regatta to be held on Lake
Merrltt, Oakland, on Admission day
under the joint management of a com
m'ttee of the Native Sons of the Gold
en West and of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union,
promises to be highly successful. En
tries have been received from the Ala
meda Boating Club, the Ariel Row
ing Club and the Dolphin Swimming
and Boating Club. The. Ariel Row
ing Club has entered a senior four
oarted shell crew made up of Charles
Wilson, bow; E. J. Lynch, No. 2; E.
L. Smith, Xo. 3, and W. Howe, stroke,
but there will be no race in this class,
as no other four-oared shell crew has
made an entry.
At a meeting of the regatta com-,
mittee there were present W. B.
Hinchman, president; T. I. Fltzpat
rick. representing the South End
Rowing Club; T. Harris and C. M.
Farrell, delegates of the Dolphin
Club; E. J. Lynch, delegate of the
Ariel Club, and Al C. Kihm, represen
tative of the regatta committee of the
X. S. G. W. of Alameda County. .
The following were chosen as offi
cials for the day of the regatta: Paul
Carroll, referee; Leander . Stevenson,
starter; B. G. Lyons and Gus Koster
of the Alameda Boating Club, E. J.
Scully and J. P. Foley of the South
End Rowing Club, N. -A. Denvlr and
James O'Connell of the Ariel Rowing
Club, T. R. Dlxon and Val Kehrleln
of the Dolphin Boating Club, Judges;
Frank E. Browning, A. P. Rothkopf
and W. Mead, timers; marshal -of the
course, C. M: Farrell, who will ap
point two assistant marshals. The re
gatta will start at 2 o'clock p. m.
The entries from the Alameda Boat
ing Club are as follows:
. t
Entries for Rowing Regatta on Lake
Mrrritt ami Officials in Charge
• of the Affair.
O ARSM EX WITil; CONTEND
IX ADMISSION DAY RACES
Mike Fisher complains that the East
ern magnates have drafted his dog.
Mike values the canine highly and says
no mention was made of him in the
national agreement, but still he has
been taken away. It looks as if the
big leaguers would go right through
Mike's Tigers, for if they begin with
the dog. they will surely go further.
ex-star from Cleveland makes a mlscue
it generally means a run. At that he
fields perfectly. It la In throwing to
first that the new shortstop gets him
self into trouble. Last week he lost a
couple of games In this manner and
they were close ones. If Gochnauer had
Buck Francks* wing he would surely
be a wonder. As It Is he will have to
show the fans here that he can surpass
Francks as a fielder.
To the casual observer flycaitlng looks sim
ple. The grace with which tha club member*
display their ability to place their fly at wlil
is marvelous, still they accomplish this tea:
without aDparmt difficulty. This Is the re
sult of close application and long continued
practice. It takes years to become proficient.
To be able to gauge distances and to manipu
late the -reel in lure casting, as has been
demonstrated by C. R. Kannlff. the world*
champion, shows what caa be done by prac
tice.
James Watt, who Is an enthusias
tic angler, pays the following tributa
to the club and to the pastime of fly
casting:
The ancler ambitious to teeonw aa expert
in fiycasting would do well to avail hlxnselJ
of the advantage* to b« derived from an oc
casional visit to Stow Lake, when contests
are twins held by the members of the San
Francisco Flycasting Club, it la Interesting
to see what can be accomplished by the Mem
bers of this world famous club, who devot*
their leisure hours to the healthful paatiro»
of flycastlnff. We read In European •porting
Journals of flycastlnc contests which do not
compare with what our California angler*
can do. Where will you. tod aaotlxer Maas
fleld. a Kennlff. a Golcher or a Brotherton?
These gentlemen have, by their own persist
ency, mastered the intricacies, which beset t^a
anglers who have for the paat few years
made Stow Lake their headquarters for their
casting evenia. The weather conditions ar*
so varied and never to be relied uoon that
great credit Is due ths flycaaters who hav«
reached the pinnae!* of fame as the cham
pion flycasters of the world.
The membership of the San Fran
cisco Flycasting Club are enthusiastic
over the clubhouse which has been
erected on the edge of Stow Lake for
their convenience. Although unpre
tentious in size it Is artistic and adds
much to the adornment of the park.
Although Unpretentious In Size It
Adds Much to the Adornment
of Stow Lake.
FLYCASTEKS ARE PROUD
OF THEIR ARTISTIC LODGE
IV. G. MORROW'S SLOOP CHALLENGER, WHICH WILL BE A CONTENDER IN*ADMISSICN DAY REGATTA.
This Is members' night at the quar
ters of the San Francisco Yacht Club
in Sausalito. A billiard and a card
tournament will be held. To-morrow
a cruise outside the Heads will be
taken, the tide serving: favorably. The
tide runs out at Fort Point from 7:22 a.
m. to-morrow till 12:10 p. m., and floods
until 6:15 p. m., making it easy for the
boats to get home to their moorings.
At noon to-day the flagship Speed
well of the Corinthian Yacht Club will
start on a trip to the southern waters
of the bay, where the visitors will be
entertained to-morrow by the members
of the South Bay Yacht Club. Curtis
Barker and Edward Maynard of San
Jose will pilot the Corinthians. The
flagship will be accompanied by the
sloops Edna, Aeolus, Neptune, Espey,
Fleetwing and Genesta. To-morrow
will be spent at the Alviso clubhouse,
where there will be a barbecue and
clambake. Several gasoline launches
are included in the fleet of the South
Bay Yacht Club and these will be em
ployed taking the visitors around the
southern bay.
The fleet of the California Yacht
Club will cruise to Petaluma Creek
during the holidays.
The ninth annual regatta of the Pa
cific Inter-club Yacht Association will
be held on Admission day. The yachts
When the champion came up from the
Fouth In the spring she was considerably
lighter tssn at the end of her campaign last
fall and this v.-«s not regarded as an aus
picious omen. Her subsequent collapse was
not unexpected by some who had observed
the mare In her trials and tnese men are not
Inclined to think she will break any records
In J004.
To aay that Lou Dillon is rull of life would
b» but elating the facts, »ut although she
Is active as a cat and anxious to go at speed
time. It is the impression among horsemen
that she will hardly accomplish the record
»>r*>akinr Teat* that had been laid out for
her early in the year. The truth is that -at
:iii time before she was taken down sick was
l»u Dillon right on edge in the way of speed
and general condition, with, perhapx, the ex
cor-tion of one day when she s was booked to
so to a wagon at a Cleveland matinee. She
t-terped a mde in 2:04 % that day and acted
like her old nelf. but it was the solitary occa
rion when she seemed up to much.
Aa a matter of fact the condition of the
champion trotter was never serious, her
trouble being practically a nervou» collapte.
After the fever that alarmed the mare's at
tendants had been ruhd u«d by the veterinary
the little trotter was led around for a few
days and after considerable exercise of this
sort -Doc" Tanner, trainer of the Billing*
l;or«es and who bad personal charge of Lou
Plllon during the absence of Miliard Banders
at the Eastern races, began leading Lou
¦round behind a cart whicn was hauled a
f^ven mile an hour gait by a steady goin-
I rotter. It was not until Sanders returned to
Cleveland that Fhe was harnessed and given
her jogging Jn the erdlnary way.
An Eastern horse expert, who recent
ly inspected Lou Dillon, the champion
trotter, says:
I saw Leu Dillon at the Cleveland track
the other day taking her rim work In har
ness eince the sickness that came upon her
suddenly last month.
It is well for breeders who expect to
get good prices for their trotters to re
member that speed alone will not bring
big money. Manners are everything
In a trotter and that is one of the
principal reasons of Sweet Marie's suc
cess on the Grand Circuit this year.
No matter how long nor how tedious
the scoring becomes she never frets,
but is always ready to get away at full
speed cr stop to a Jog If asked to. She
has won more than $20,000 to date and
has hardly lifted her nose in any heat.
She is an unbeaten mare and the fast
est trotter yet sired by McKinney.
Sweet Marie is owned by William Gar
land of Los Angeles and is being cam
paigned by Robert Smith of Philadel
phia. Her dam Is Lady Rivers by
Carr's Mambrino 1789, her second dam
Susie by Vermont 322, her third dam
by Highlander, her fourth dam by
Owen Dale, son of Williamson's Bel
mont, and her fifth dam by Black
Hawk Comet. She was bred by Frank
G. Schumacher of Los Angeles and
purchased by M. M. Potter, who sold
her with his other horses when he left
Los Aneeles to assume the manage
ment of the Hotel Potter at Santa Bar
bara. In his catalogue statement. Mr.
Potter said he expected her to prove
"the fastest trotter McKinney has yet
tired" and his expectation have been
realized. At the sale Mr. Garland paid
$3150 for Sweet Marie and could prob
ably get $20,000 for her now were he
¦willing to sell. She has earned about
that sum in races this year.
Utah's State Fair will open on Oc
tc-bcr 4. About $12,000 has been hung
up for trotters and pacers. J. S. Brans
ford, supervisor of racing at the fair,
has been at Sacramento this week of
fering California horse owners induce
ments to visit Utah and race at the
meeting. It is said that about two
carloads of California horses have been
secured by him.
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association has decided to
increase the guaranteed value of its
Futurity stake to $7000. which is $1000
more than it has heretofore been. This
Ftake had more than four hundred en
tries last year and gives promise of
receiving more than five hundred on
October 15. when entries close. It was
Inaugurated in 1900 and since that time
has developed a three-year-old trotter
that has a record of 2:14, a two-year
old trotter with a record of 2:20,
a three-year-old pacer with a record of
2:13?i and a two-year-old pacer with a
mark of 2:16 1 / *.
Irish, a pacer by the California sire.
Monterey (2:09^), took a pacing record
of 2:0&*i at Decatur, Illinois, last week,
the fastest time made by a four-year
old this year.
Several carloads of California trotters
and pacers will leave Sacramento next
Monday for Salem, Oregon, where the
Oregon State Fair opens on the 12th
inst. Xear!y all the best harness horses
;hat have appeared on the California
circuit are entered throughout the
North Pacific Circuit.
Aristo. 2:0Sl», the handsome big trot
ter bred by Alex Brown of Walnut
Grove, California, Is referred to by an
Eastern turf writer as an iron horse,
as he has been started as many as
three times a week and been a money
•winner every time. His record was
made in a dead heat with Sweet Marie
and but for an ailing leg he would
doubtless get a much lower record.
Ten 2:10 trotters is the contribution
of California to the list of fast trotters
on the Grand Circuit this year. This
is a record never before equaled nor
approached \>y the horses from any one
State. The list comprises Sweet Marie,
2:06 J ,i. winner of the fastest five heat
race ever trotted: Bonnie Russell,
2:07*;; Consuela S. 2:07?i: George G.
2:01%; Stanley Dillon. 2:07%; Aristo,
2:0SU; Liscmjero. 2:0S',4; Judge Greene,
2:09?4; Tuna, 2:03^2. and Anaconda,
2:095i. the last named the only pacer
With a record below 2:06 that has ever
entered the list of 2:10 trotters.
For the backs Snedigar is about the
only one that will come through and
go through. Snedlgar has all the dash
of a finished player and it was some of
this spirit that saved the day last year.
Kern, as halfback of last year's fresh
men, acquitted himself handsomely and
the chances are greatly in favor of his
being accepted for a place. Boynton,
who was tried out at fullback last
year, may be used for a half this year.
In. Force and Stern the college has
two premier players for fullback. Both
played a half in that position last year
and demonstrated their fitness.- Force
may be used for the line, however, in
which event there will be nobody to
challenge Stern.
Belknap Is the best for a quarter
back. A 6evere Injury kept him out of
the game last year and Johnny More
was given the place. Belknap Is a cool,
heady player and if he is fortunate to
go through the season without an ac
cident the varsity will be greatly
strengthened by his presence In the big
game.
To .make up for these losses Califor
nia will have to look to its second eleV
en and the freshmen of last year. The
available second eleven men are Reed,
Gray. Phillips, Elliott and Oliver for
the line and Muther. Belknap and
Boynton for the backs. Kern, captain
of the freshmen team, is the best the
baby eleven offers.
Captain Stroud will retain his old po
sition as center, with Phillips a reli
able substitute. For guard Reed, Gray
and Heitmuller are available, though
Heitmuller may be out of it on account
of a late attack of appendicitis. The
tackles will probably be Howard and
Force, though Howard may be changed
to guard and Force retained In his old
place as fullback. A brother of Sam
Stow, last year's crack guard, will en
ter college this year and it is possible
he will fill his distinguished relative's
place, in which event there would be
more shifting about.
For ends there are more candidates
than for any other position. There are
Demeritt of last year's varsity, Oliver.
Coogan, Henry and Caminetti. Oliver
is one of the likeliest, as he fulfilled his
mission splendidly when tried out last
year. -¦- ¦. ;: -
Football practice is already in full
swing at both universities and at the
various preparatory schools and the
sound of the referee's whistle will soon
be heard on the gridiron.
As the University of California is
bound to have a light team this year
on account of the loss of so many of
last year's veterans, it will be the aim
of the coaches to develop a fast team.
Coach Hopper had some experience
with Eastern teams last year and this
experience will be of great value to
California this vear. There will , be
many new tricks to learn In the way of
developing speed and much time will
be spent mastering them.
Dcmeritt. Heitmuller, Stroud and
Howard are the only remaining mem
bers of last year's eleven on the line.
Overall, Stow and Hudson have left
college and have left some big gaps be
hind them, loo. Of the backs there are
remaining Snedigar, Force and Stern,
the absentees being Mini, Whipple and
More.
Reserve utake — Sunny South, Aeolus. Traleo
Maid. Vina. Pagliaccl. Rapid Water. Apple
Blossom. Idaho Boy. Rural Artist. Rocker
Arm. Bright Columbia. Mickey Free, Free
port. Imperious. Miss Iirummel. Modesto Boy.
Frank C. Doc Burns, Adonis. Golden Fortune.
Aurella. Vandal. Doreen. Silver Cloud. Craw
ford Belle. Commercial Travelar. Balendlne>,
Conroy. Frank Dunn. Tamora. Real Pasha.
In Time. Texas Jim. Liberator, Colored Lady
and Lady Meclo.
The total purse in the Futurity will
be $1435. Of this $300 will go to the
winner and $250 to the runner up.
The breeder of the winner and of the
runner up will each receive $37 50.
It has been decided by the park
management to run the reserve stake
twice to-day and the Futurity once.
The latter will be run this afternoon.
The remaining rounds with the open
stake in its entirely will be run to
morrow. There will be special trains
to-day at 10:15 o'clock and at 1:30.
The trains to-morrow will be at 10:15,
11. 12 and 1.
There will be no coursing at In
gleside Park this week.
Open stake — Qulta. MeVey. Friendless Boy.
Lost Chord. Easle Bird, Duhallow, Sea LJon.
Fair Tralee. Renegade Apache. Lucy Clalr.
Sacramento Boy. Palo Alto. Amandin. Hud
son. J E H and Charter Member.
In 1902 George Xethercotfs Poca
telll (Emin Pasha-Little Wonder)
commenced his victorious career by
defeating W. T. nought's Belle Free
(Fetter Free-Daisy Belle).
In 1903 P. J. Horgan's Irvington
Tralee (Cronin's Wild Tralee-Manila)
beat F. A. McComb's Manhattan King
(Fetter Free-Motto).
The candidates for" this year*s stake
show marked class, having both size
and speed. They prove that the
breeders are aiming at a high stand
ard in the development of the breed of
greyhounds in this country and that
they are realizing their ideals. Of the
fifty-three entries in this year's stake
twenty-seven are by imported sires and
twenty-six by American sires. Fetter
Free heads the list with fifteen rep
resentatives. Fortuna Favente is sec
ond with six. Among the other sires
represented are Warburton, Gambit.
Ireland, Rocker, Vandal, Promise Me.
Hot Stuff, Narcissus, Gold Hill, Royal
Flush, Snapper Garrison, Pleasant
Dreams and St. Croix. Tha likely
winners look to be:
Futurity — Rusty Anchor, Panoche. Rest
Again. The Earl. Secretive. Creole Belle. Ris
ing Attorney. Blaze. Stlngaree, Rocked Asleep.
Belle Marie, La Rosa. Clydette. Paul Dunbar,
The Delta. Pasha Kin?. Confident. Fetterless,
laa Clssua. The Rival. Good as Gold. Saznpl«r.
Young Mollie R. War Cry. Angus Cissus. Kear
less Lad. Flower GlrL
In 1901 it was won by Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers (Imp. For
Freedom-Amorosa). George Xether
cott's Hickory Dick ( Rochester-Li ttla
Wonder) finished second.
The fifth renewal of the California
Futurity for greyhounds whelped in
1903 will be run to-day and to-mor
row at Union Coursing Park. The
stake was run for the first time in
1900 under the auspices of the Inter
state Coursing Club. It was won by
Frank Jones' Harlean Gladys (St.
Lawrence-Moonlight), the same own
er's Lovina, the same breeding, being
the runner up.
Coaches Intend to. Develop
a Fast Team at Berkeley
to Offset Its Lightness
San Francisco lien to Hold
a Card and Billiard Tour
nament at Club To-Night
Owner of Young Greyhound
Which Wins the Classic
Will Receive- §500 Purse
Breeders' Association Will
Increase Its Stake to
$7000— Big Entry Assured
FUTURITY OF VALUE
ALVISO IS RENDEZVOUS
BLUE AND GOLD ELEVEN
REWARDS ARE LIBERAL
This Year's Stake Proves the
Breeders Have Secured
Quality in Their Coursers
Yachtsmen of San Jose Will
Entertain Visitors at a
Barbecue and Clambake
Ten Representatives of Coast
Breeding Farms Have Rec
ords Better Than 2:10
Players Being Put Through
Some Severe Practice in
View of Early Games
FAST TROTTERS
ARE PRODUCED
IN CALIFORNIA
FOOTBALL MEN
SETTLING DOWN
TO HARD WORK
FUTURITY DRAWS
HOUNDS SHOWING
MARKED CLASS
CORINTHIAN TARS
CRUISE AWAY TO
THE SOUTH BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
WHITE WINGED YACHTS WILL COMPETE ON ADMISSION DAY
10SANTA ROSA. Sept. 2. — B. G. Mor
ris, who is said to be from Peoria. 111.,
was arrested here. this afternoon and
is now in Jail charged with attempt
ing to bribe a witness in a case in
which his brother is . defendant In
Kapa County. . ..
Accused of Attempted Bribery.
"WALLACE, Idaho, Sept. 2.— Fire
which started shortly after .9 o'clock
last nlsrht swept the entire business
portion of Gem and a large part of the
residence district, entailing a loss of
$150,000, destroying. nearly 100 houses
and rendering scores of people home
less. The houses were occupied for the
most part by miners, many of whon\
moved, to Gem- after -the big fire at^
Black 'Bear three months ago.
Fire I^eaves Many Miners Homeless.
of Runs.
LOS ANGELES, Sept.; 2.— San
Francisco played in. hard luck to-day
and lost the third successive game to
Los Angeles by the score of 5 /to': 2.
Both teams batted' at a terrific, pace,
but Hall : and -Gray ' kept the visitors
from hitting the ball when men were
on bases. Fourteen of the San Fran
cisco players diedon bases, '(which is
the record here thi3 season. Bernard
Thirteen Hits Bring -Him Only a Pair
HARD LUCK FOR UNCLE HANK.
Tlirro .Mr> n Wlio Miffht Fislil Jeff.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2. — Billy Mad
:<-n is the first in the ll-ld with an
cceptance of Jim Jeffries* alleged
halienpe to fight any three men in
ft* world ten rounds each on the
¦rnf ni?ht in the same ring. Madden
"Gus nuhlin. Sandy Ferguson
K& Marvin Hart are the men selected
olackle Jeffries." He is satisfied they
"ill ngrc-e to fisrht.
STAXFOUD LOSES "BILLY" ERB.
Xoted Player Will Xbt Coach Foot
ball Squad This Year.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 2.
Word* has been received that •-'Billy"
Erb, ex-'Ol, who was chosen to aid
Coach Lanagan with the cardinal
football squad this year, will not be
able to come to the coast because of
business in the East. The loss is a
severe one to Stanford, as Erb, who
was an able general and popular with
the players, was an up-to-date coach,
having had experience in the East
No successor to Erb will be ap
pointed bv Treasurer Barrett. Lana
gan will have" full charge of the
squad. Helping him will be a corps of
assistants,- all old Sta'nford football
men, who are to come out on the
oval as often as possible and coach
under hisdirectien. This scheme Is a
new one at Stanford, but" it ap
proaches the system used at many
Eastern universities.
1'irr rJreaks Out iu Coal .Mines.
JSSAQUAH. Wajsh.. Sept. 2. — A fire
*;hich has bern burning for' the last
four or" flv*> days in the coal mines at
1 pl.'.c* l>roi:e out with renewed
J'J?lence*this morning and for :i time
1 'r. ¦•<! as If the mine would be a
1 «rf-ck. The men about the
r Kot the fire under control and
r^ht it is reported that the dam
*C | ; will be s35ffhu
Association Football Match.
The Parnell football team, which
holds the championship of the GaeUo
Athletic Association, will engage In an
association match with the Occidental
team to-morrow at the Presidio ath
letic grounds. The Parnells ha.ve<
beaten the Occidentals in the two
matches already played. The Occi
dental team includes many ot th«
best known players of the California
Association Football League and th»
men are familiar with the fine points
of that game. The Parnell team in
cludes the best association players to
be found in the Macbrlde. Eagle. Wolf
Tone and Emerald clubs. The ball
will be kicked off at 3 p. m. The
teams will line up in tha f ollowlns or
der: HB
Parn'Hs. Positions. ¦ OertdTirals.
O'Brien (c.) Goalkeeper ....... Ruahton
Callaghan .Rljhtbaek ........ PoxneroT
Mclnerney Leftback
Fo'.ey Right halfback. . .B. Tiylor
McGrath Center halfback. . . .Duncan
Murphy Left halfback Mathesoa
Devlne Right outside P. Lydon
Allen •• Right Inside Goodlet
Twoomey Cent. forWd.T.S. Ljrdon(o.)
Curran Left Inside SmltB.
paly l*tt outside Hayes
ItesJre,. Afflle.
¦¦Sixth rar-e — Grey Friar, Leader,
I layman entry.
-Condition of the track — Fast.
«arti
Fifth rare — BoIIe Strome, Heart's
Third race — Tradition, St, Bellane,
rtuj-m Hill?.
Fourth race — Delhi, Ort Wells, Stal-
•' P.y th» N>w Tork Mornin* Telegraph.
..First race — T. Hitchcock Jr/s en
ry. Mr. Chamblet's entry. The Jlag-
I*"d Cavalier.
.-Second race— Lady Amelia, Gold
-aim. Divination.
BAY SELECTIONS.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 2.— The
Grand Circuit meeting at Narragansett
Park closed this afternoon with the
attendance the largest of any meeting
on the circuit this season. At the con
clusion of the day's sport the Judges
suspended R. A. Smith, the driver who
was taken from behind Sweet Marie in
the Roger Williams race of last Wed
nesday, for the rest of the season. To
Alta McDonald, who was substituted
and who eventually won the race, was
awarded the sum of $1000, the same to
be taken from the winnings of the
mare. Summary:
2:19 trot, purse $1000, three in five— Kyrlllc
won the fourth, Elxth and seventh heats In
2:17>4, 2:18U and 2:10. Zembla won the
third and fifth heats In 2:14 and 2:15%.
Falrvlew won- the second heat In 2:13U. Nor
etta won the flret beat In 2:14.
2:16 pace, purse $1000. three In five — Day
book won three straight heats in 2:09%,
2:10^4 and 2:0»H- Edgar Boy, Lookout Hal.
Margaret W, Al Ray, Fuzzy and Crystal G
also started.
2:06 trot, purse $1600, two in three—McKin
ley won the second and third heats in 2:06U
and 2:07*i. Fereno won the first heat in
2:O7V4. Hawthorne and Wentworth also
started. . -
2:10 pace, purse $1000, two In three — Red
Bird won two straight heats In 2:06U and
2:09. Darius, Ben F, Peeler Patron, Sadie
Baron. Roy B. Hamilton. Brown Heels, Little
Fred and Rob Hughes also started.
Stolen bases — Ross 2, Bernard. Wheeler.
Errors— Bernard, Flood. Chase. Gorton. Hits
Off Barber 0, off Whalen 5. Home run —
Gray. Three-base . hit — Chase. Van Buren.
Two-base hits— lrwln. Flood,-Wheeler,'Hllde
brand Gorton.' Sacrifice . hit — Flood. First
base on errors— San Fraanci3co 2. Left • on
bates — Los Angeles 7, San Francisco 14. Bases
on balls — Off Barber 1, off Hall 1. off. Gray 3.
Struck out — By Barber 2, by, Hall 1. by -Gray
1. •. Double . play — Toman ' to ' Flood to Chase.
Hit .'. by ; " pitched ' ball — lrwln; Gorton* Cravath.'
Flood. * Time ¦ of ; game — Two hours and ¦ five
minutes.' Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles .... 3 1 0 0 0 0 o 1 x — 5
Base hit 4 2 112 2 0 2 x— 14
San Francisco. . . O o 0 o 1 - o 0 1 0—2
Base hits .... 2 1' 1 2 3 0 1 2.1—13
made a new battins record for 1 the
team this season, getting, five hits in
five times at bat. Barber was pounded
so hard that Wha'.en was substituted
in the fifth. Score:
San Francisco-^ 1 Los Anrele* —
AB.R. H. P.A.j AB.R. H. P.A.
¦ VnBrn.lb 5 1 -' 0 .0 Bernrd.cf ."» 0 5 0 0
Gochnr.s 5 0 2 4 4 Flood.2b. 3 113 2
Wldrn.cf 5 10 1 li.Whelr.3b 4 .12 0 2
Hldbnd.lf 4 0 2 O OCravth.rf 2 1 110
Irwln.Sb. 3 0 2 2 2 Chase.lb. 4 0 1 10 0
Andrsn.rf R . 0 1 2 0 Toman.s. 4 0 0 2 6
Miller,2b. 3 ; 0 . 1 3 URoss.lf... 4 12 11
Gorton.c. 4 ,0 2 3 3 Eairer.c.. 4 0 14 1
Barber. p. 2 0 1 0 ljHall.p... 2 0 0 0 1
Whalen.p 2 0 0 O 3,Gray,p... 2 110 2
•Corbett. 1 0 0 0 0 — —
_! Totals. Si 5 14 27 15
Totals. 39 2 13 24 15'
•Corbett batted . for Whalen In the, ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Second race, four ami a half furlongs, selling
Agnesi Mack won. Bell Reed second. Eldred
third. Tfme. :5.Vi.
Third race, six furlongs — Profitable won.
Chief Aloha second, Frank Pearee. third. Time,
I:15Vi. ' *
-Fcurth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
Duke of Rlchellfu won. Crosby second, Char
ley Schv.eizer third. Time. 1:21 •£.
Fifth race, one" mile, selling — Suburban
Queen won. Colonel Van second. El Piloto
third.. Time. 1:11;
Sixth race, one mile, sslling — Hipponax won,
Ulloa second, Claudator third. Time, 1:43U-
PORTLAND. Sept. 2. — Irvinston track sum-"
mary:
First race, five furlonjrs. selling— Addhe D
won, Abydos second. I^ady Rice third. Time,
I Ml.
Racing ;u Portland.
JUDGES PUXISH THE DRIVER
OF THE MARE SWEET MARIE
AB. R. H. P. A.i AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyie.rf. 4 0 2 1 0 VanH.ct. 4 0O0O
Shehn,:<b 4 0 10 O Mohlr.L'b 2 0 0 "5 2
Nrdyk.lb 3 1 0 10 O Dhnty.ab 4 ( O 0-2-2
Kagan.s. 4 1 0 1 3Blk?i>.lb 4 0 16 1
Lynch.cf 4 12 2 0 Smlth.rf. 4 0 2 10
Casey, 2b 4 0 2 1 6 Mrphy.lf 4 O O 1 1
McLRn.U :i (t 0 3 OHall.s... 3 0 u 5 A
Hogan c3.0 19 l|Wlison,c 2 o o :i 3
Ovcrall.p 2 0 2 0 l ( Shields,p 3 0 0 14
Totals. 31 3 10 27 10 Totals. 30 0 3 24 IS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma .".'.' 3 O O o 0 0 0 0 x— 3
Base hits...., . 3 2 O 1 y -1 2 1 x— lo
Seattle O O 0 o 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1— '3
SUMMARY.
Errors — Nordyke, Delehanty, Smith. Hall.
Struck out— By Overall 8. by Shield* 3. Bases
on balls— By Overall 2, by Shields 1. Hit by
pitcher — Wilson. Stolen bases — Nordyke,
EaKan. Two-base hits — Overall, Casey, Lynch,
Smith (2). Three-base hit— Lynch. Sacrifice
hit — Overall. Double plays— Eagan to Casey
to Nordyke, : Mohler; to Hall to Blankenship.
Left on bases — Tacoma 6, Seattle 6. First
base on •rrors— Tacoma 3, Seattle 1. Time
ot came — One hour and thirty minutes. Um
pire — Tom Brown.;
TACOMA, Sent. 2.— The champions
again outplayed the Siwashes and
never gave them a peep at the plate.
Overall was the star actor, although
every other Tiger, did splendid work.
The Berkeley lad was at his best. He
struck out nine men. two each in
three different innings. One of
Seattle's three hits was an infield
scratch. Doyle and Sheehan were
caught in a double play and Xordyke
drew a base on balls. Hasan was
saved by Hall's error and Lynch's
three-sacker scored the first two.
Casey's single brought Lynch home.
The home team had other chances to
score, but took too many liberties on
OVERALL IS A HERO AGAIX.
Giant College Pitcher Lets Siwashes
Down With Three Hits.
First race — Maverick, Mai Lowery,
Lacy Crawford.
Second race — Picture Hat, Tim
Hurst, Violin.
Third race — King Rose, J. W.
O'Xeill, Joe Goss.
Fourth race — Ice Water, Frank Bell,
Otto Stifel.
Fifth race — Just So, Tom Shelly,
The Cook.
Sixth race — Light Opera, Aggie
Lewis, The Bagaboo.
Seventh race — Boaster, Misanthrope,
Freesias.
Condition of the track — Fast.
* ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
(National I^aeue i I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New Tork...*i4 .12 .721 Boston 71 44 .«11>
Chicago 7l> 4B .TO.Vew York... BO 43 .61 •*
PUtsburgr ...«7 47 .^Philadelphia. "32 46 .S74
Cincinnati ..67 50 .:>7.1 Chicago 6« 50 .5«9
St. Louis ...«2 5S .517 Cleveland ...«2 SO .551
Boston .....It 64 .407 Detroit 17 65 .42»»
Brooklyn ...40 76 .345.St. Louis ...4*i «J .403
Philadelphia. Zl 81 .^.Washington. .27 S6 .20U
\- .: NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— Perfect support back
of Brlggs. clever sacrificing and a coupla
of timely hits gave th? locals an easy victory
over St. Louis to-day in a which was
about evenly divided in hitting. Attendance.
12C0. Score :
R. H. E.
Chicatro 4 T 0
St. Louis 1 6 &
Batteries — Brigg» and Kling; Taylor and
Grady. Umpire — Johnstone.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 2. — Jones pitched a food
game, but was defeated by his team's- wild
throwing in the fifth Inning, making Pitts
burg's two runs possible. Attendance, 1700.
Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 2 T 0
Brooklyn 1 10 • 0
Batteries — Robertallle and Phelps; Jones
and Rltter. Umpire — Carpenter.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. Sept. 2. — Cleveland made to-day**
game close by a batting: rally In the ninth
inning, but Boston won by superior hitting.
Attendance, 7700. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 4 10 a
Cleveland.. 3 5 I
Batteries — Dlneen.and Criger: Bernhard and
Buelow.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2. — Patterson easily
outpitched Jacobsen to-day and Chlcato de
feated Washington. Attendance, 1300. Th*
R. H. B.
Washington ~~.. 2 6 1
Chicago 5 12 3
Batteries — Jacobsen, KIttredge- and Clarka;
Patterson and McFarland.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2. — New Tork won from
Detroit to-day. The game was called at ta»
end of the seventh Inning on account of dark
ness. Attendance. SOCO. Score:
Detroit • 7-8
New Tork 12 12 X
Batteries— Kllltan and Drill; Orth. Clark
•on and Klelnow.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 2.— PWladelphis-St.
Louis no game. Wet grounds.
Women's singles — Miss Shoemaker beat
Miss Valleau. 6-1. 6-3: Miss Ratcliffe beat Miss
Vodden. t'-O 6-1; M!?s Violet Sutton beat
Miss Worce«er, 6-0. 6-0.
Drummond MacGavin and Reuben
Hunt both had easy matches and did
not have to play much. Hunt did not
play as well as was expected, but will
probably do better. Nourse made a
good showing against MacGavin.
Trowbridge Hendrick, a likely candi
date for championship honors from
Los Angeles, had an easy time with
Charles Kuelm. Hendrick showed up
well and will be a hard man to beat.
The women's singles did not bring
together the best players and the
matches were rather one-sided. Miss
Ethel Ratcliffe beat Miss Vodden
easily. The score was 6-0. 6-1.
' Miss Shoemaker and Miss Violet Sut
ton of the south easily -beat Miss Val
leau and Miss Worcester respectively.
The scores follow:
Men's singles — Charles Dunlap beat F.
Alexander, 4-6, 6-4, 6-2, 6-0: Percy Murdock
beat Herbert Long, 6-1, 4-6, 8-3. 6-1; R. Hunt
beat H. Murdock, 6-1. 7-5, 6-3; T. Hendrick
beat C. Kuehn. 6-0. «-3. 6-0: H. Elliott, beat
fi. Gage. 8-6. 6-2. 1-6. 6-4: H. Rolfe beat C.
P. Gaynes». 75. 10-12. S-«. 0-«. 6-0; J. D.
MacOavln.btat B. Nourse, 6-3, C-4, 9-7.
The seventeenth annual tennis tour
nament for the coast championship
opened on the San Rafael courts yes
terday and gives promise of being the
mc-st interesting event of the kind held
in years. The attendance was larger
than usual on opening day and at times
the excitement ran high. The players
as usual suffered from the heat, which,
however, was not as excessive as in
July.
The feature of the day's play was
the match betwesn Percy Murdock of
Alamtda and Herbert Long of this
city. Murdock is a veteran, while his
opponent had played but once before
at San Rafael. Long, altho-ugh beaten.*
played a wonderful game and won a
set from his cleverer opponent. It was
one of the most exciting matches ever
played in a championship tournament.
Both players drove continually and
throughout the match there was not a
dull moment. It was a give and take
affair ar.d the usual long rallies were
lacking. Murdock won the first set
handily. In the second Long did some
great driving, both back hand and fore
hand. He led at 4-2, but Murdock won
the next two games and the score
stood 40-0 in his favor in the ninth
game.
; At this point Long began to take
| chances and passed Murdock repeated
ly, winning the set 6-4. In the third and
fourth sets Long was outplayed, both
sets going to Murdock easily. The
score was 6-1, 4-6. 6-3. 6-1. .
j Harry Rolfe and Stewart Gayness
played five long sets and after three
I hours' play the verdict finally went to
i Rolfe. The score was 7-5, 10-12, 8-6,
j 0-6, 6-0.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 2.— The
j 10.0 00 Century Stakes at one and a
half miles, will be the racing feature
fo-morrow. Major Daingerfield and
Shorthose vrill carrj* top weight, 126
pounds. Ort Wells and Delhi are in
it 115 pounds. There is also a $10,000
•"¦vent for two-year-olds. The day's
entries:
.. -
Firet rac*. fufl course, rteer>lecha«e handl
a;>. four-year-old and upward— Flyinjr But
¦¦-rrt> 149. The Kaiferd Cavalier 14S, Fox Hun
'• r 163. Amur 147. Delivery 140. Dromedary
!C. nojrelle 140. Seagull 138. Knight of Har
• rn 130.
-Second race, six furlcar«, main track, high
• etffht handSeau. all aces — Lady Amelia 126.
Toscan 113, Introld 111. Castalian 107. Mar
"ram K*. Rsjrl«n 1O4. Ancettor 100, Ada
Nay JOO, Martinrras »6. Divination »6, Gold
Saint 95. Adds kS, \\"atpr»lde 8?.
Third race., seven furlongs of Futurity
-<?ur*e, the. Fla.tbuf-h etakes, two-year-olds:
CTiarasteed caih value. $10,000: $ST.no to the
*-lnn«-r. tlOOO to s~?cnd and $5«O to third — Hot
= hot 115. Amberjack 115. Waterside 115,
;iroaac!otb 115, Burnt Hills TiZ. Tradition 112.
V#>»o 112. St. T.' :-'.-.' 112, Eanfirla <formerly
Crirket) 102.
, Fourth race, one end a hail miles, the Cen
•ury stakes, three -year -old and upward; the
r or.ey Is4and Jockey Club to add not less than
i.V«X»; the m-inncr to receive »l5,000. the sec
:nd horse $3000. the third horse $1500 and the
of the winner $500 — Major Danjrer
*>1* IK. FhcrthoKe 12»5. Brjn Mawr 115. Ort
115. Delhi 115, Stalwart 115. St. Valen-
Jt'na 115. <Ehortho6e and Bryn ilawr, GouBh
ier» witrr; Stalwart asd Et VaientSne. Thomas
•r-.try.j
.'Fifth rare, five and a half furlorigs. Futurity
•our»». two-year-tld*. $1000 aflded — Council
¦nan 117 Acilp 117. Belie Etrome 114, Cairn
rtjrm 112. DazzJe 112. Amberjack 112. Heart's
T»e*!r« 109. CoUUioa 109, Charley's Aunt 103, I
*x5ord H'7. Kaulsbprrr 107. Bluchrr 107.
Prlncem £rl» 104. Sandrla (formerly Cricket)
-Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
?rf. three-year-olfis and upward. S10CO afi<l»d —
3 Boll 10*., Prince Chine 10«, Wild
- :^r» 10S, Keynote jos # Grey Friar las,
SfooctraJ] 106. I-*a<5rr 10C. Pennant 103. Dick
Rtrsard 103, Lady Potentate OS. Garnish 'J6,
sUccr Day* 82 Ed Tierney 92, Brooklynite
•2, U!Vi*>rla r»O. ' Hydrancea Ki. (Sheriff Bell
¦-?.$ Ga.rr.ish Ilarman entry.)
SHEKPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Miss Violet Sutton of South
ern California Easily De
feats Miss Worcester.
Capfures • the 2:16 Trot With Briney
K and the 2:30 Class With
Murray M. .
SACRAMENTO,'. Sept. 2.-f-An unin
teresting card of six races ;was' run olf
to-day without incident^ .There was a
great, falling, off- in attendance '". com
pared with that of yesterday and the
betting , ring held ." with . comfort the
small number of- speculators. W. t).
Durfee took everything in sight in the
harness division, 'winning the 2:15
trot with Briney K and the 2:30 class
with Murray M. Summary:
First rscp, 2:16 class, trottins, purse 5600:
Briney K., b. g. by Strathway
(Durfec) 3 1 1 1
Ole (Qulnn) 1 2 4 2
Princess (Parker) 2 3 2 dr
Redskin (Mosher) 4 4 3 dr
Rozelle (Vane?) dis
Time, 2:11. 2:13. 2:13, 2:14.
Second race. 2:30 class, trotting, purse ?500:
Murry M. b. s. by Hambletonian
Wilkes-Anna Belle (Durfee) 1 11
Allcesandro.br. s. (Ztbble) 2 2 2
Time, 2:22%; 2:21»i, Z:£i\i.
Third race, running, five turloiiRs. handicap,
maidens, all ages, purse S225 — Kins Promise,
1)0 (Crossthwalte). -. 3 to 2. won: Hurrah 111.
105 (Sullivan). 3 to 2, second; Little Gun. 107
(X. Desmond). 15 to 1. third. Time, 1:01%.
Traveler, Adachlo, Red Boy and Dave Ahearns
also ran.
'Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olds and ur>. r>un»e ?223 — Dr. Birdsall £S
• Sullivan), 4 to ft. won; Thaddeus. VJ (Hays).
S to 5. second; Thorndale. f8 (Crossthwalte),
fi to 1. third. Time, 1:15. John Anderson,
Outcast and Messier also ran.
Fofth race, six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olds and uj>. purse $225 — Aunt. Polly. 112
"(Henderson), even, won: HKrrmish. 10(» (Bur
lingame>, ."» to 1, second; Nakana. SS (Sul
livan), 4 to 1. third. Time, 1:14. Our Pride
also ran.
Sixth race, five furlongs, sellln?. four-year
olds and up; purse ?22.*i — Pure Dale, 107 (Sul
livan), 3 to 1. won: . Innisbrouck. 110 (Boze
rr.<tn). 3 to 1, second; Brennus. 10,"> (Hender
son), 0 to 2, Ihird. Time, t:01«J. Nullah.
Royal Copper end Vasaline also ran.
DUUFEE CONTINUES TO- WIN
>VITH \ HIS HARNESS HORSES
Boston and Xew York Continue to
Run Neck and Xeck in Amer
ican League Race.
CHICAGO CUBS GIVE THEIR
PITCHER PERFECT SUPPORT
ONE OF THE FAMOUS SUTTON SISTERS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA AND THE EX-CHAMPION OF MONTANA. WHO
ARE AMONG THE COMPETITORS IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP TENNIS TOURNAMENT WHICH WAS COMMENCED SUC
CESSFULLY YESTERDAY ON THE HOTEL RAFAEL COURTS.
-mates had done enough orating' to hold
a' political- spieler for; a while. .¦ '
. l Portland made "a^stab, even as late as
the' ninth. ;Prehrian r jDuiled off a.>cratchy
hitvairt! Streib. field?tl him oufat second,
when 'Beck bunted. Raymond; ; soused
down to Francks and -Buck "quickly
cut oft! the runner :at second and
Whipped to first in time for a double
play, thus ending the struggle. The
score: •,"¦;¦¦ ¦ i {
Oakland— V • 1 Portland—" ' • ,' -
AB.R. H. P.A.'' AB.R. H. P.A.
Frncksr 9 "4 ¦ o 0 51 TSpencr.2b 4 0-2 \1 ; 3
Ganly, rf r. 1 1 0 ; 0 Hurly. Jh 2 O 1 ¦ l;t . 0
Dnlvy, If 2 I O . I: 0 Xdcau, If S 0 0 2 0
Sc^lfly,2b'3 0 2 1 .J fitelmn. c4 O (» Z, 4
Krujrr. «f 2 1 »• 4 0 Castro.rf- 4 0 0 0 O
Streib, lb;r 0 0 11 3 Drnan, cf 4' 0 11 0
Devrx, 3b 3 0 0 2, 4 Beck. 3b. 4 1 11 3
Byrnes, c rj 0 0 11 Rymnd. s 3 0 0 1 3
Shmidt.p 3 0 0 0 "A Thlmn, pi 1 0 0 2
Mkmn,2b 0 O 0 1 i II — i
* ' '— — ' Totals. 29 "2 5 24 15
Totals. 26 3 . 3 27 14
/RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 1 0 0 1 <i 0 0 — 2
Base hits 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 1 1 — 5
Oakland 0 0 0 3 0 0 <) 0 k— .»
Baae hits 0 10 2 0 0 0 0 x — 3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Raymond, Schlafley, Nadeau,
Ganley, Streib, . KruRer. Errors — Ganley,
DTennan. Castro. Francks. Sacrifice hits —
Kruger, Raymond. Nadeau, Hurley. First basw
on errors — Oakland 2. Pcrtland 2. First base
en called balls^ — Off Schmidt. 3: off Thielman,
1. Left on bases— Oakland 2, Portland li.
Struck out— By Schmidt, 1: by Thielman. 5.
Htt by pitcher — Dunleavy. Double • play —
Francks to Streib. . Time of game— One hour
; and fifty minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Just- because' Mr. -Castro did net
squeeze Streib's . fly when he should
have been ready to • glaum anything,
Oakland got away with the game yes
terday, at- Recreation Park with one tc
the good. This all happened In the
fourth round. Before and. a f tor that,
Jake Thielman was the big chief and
he had. the Commuters all groggy and
ready to quit. Scorej Oakland 3, Port
land 2.
Such is .Thielman's luck. He easily
outpitched Schmidt and at that the
smiling German was better than he has
been for . many a moon. The players
on both sides were full of pepper and
ready to scrap all the time. Therefore
the game was one-worth! viewing, for
besides good baseball there was some
excitement thrown in. '
Portland had it one to nothing when
Gunley tore off a single to right in the
fourth. Dunleavy's cranium came in
violent contact with the sphere, but
he recovered quickly and was ready to
run. Schlafley swung through with a
single to left and It was three on the
sacks.
shoved a mean one at Ray
mond and while play of forcing
Schlafley at second' was being pulled
off Ganley arrived.. Kruger immedi
ately pilfered second. and then, on the
next ball pitched, Dunleavy made a
dash for the plate. Streib 'swung on
the ball and away it soared to Castro.
The man from South America was not
there with' the" grab and both runners
reached the pah. in safety.
•Portland tried^ hard all the 'time -and
came near tying it, up. Julie Streib's
great work at first- cut off a couple of
runs. Thrice Streib fielded bunts per
fectly to the -second f sack and this
helped some. « Schlafley said too much
to the. umpire: In the ninth spasm and
he was promptly chased to the bench,
not," ; however, before he and his team
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
• -.• (Pacific Coast League.)
i" ¦ ¦¦• W. L. Pct.l. W. L. Pet.
j.Tacoma in 14 .576 Portland ...1« IS .471
Los Ans«les.lP H ,o7t?.an rtan.»>.16 19 .457
Seattle . IS 10 -520lOakland 14 21.400
Streib Does Some High Art
Fielding Around Initial
Sack and Cuts Off Runs
PITCHERS WOEK NICELY
Seventh race, one' and three sixteenth miles,
selling — Boaster lo«. Flora Willoughby lOti.
St. Simcnian 1<!2. Flora Bright 102. John Mc-
Gurk 1C2. Lynch 102. Sir Rolla 100, Hucena
07, Miss Eon 07. Misanthrope 9G, Freeslas
87, Miss Betty 03. Regina D 92. Ryevale 00.
Fifth race, thirteen-sixteenth!* of a mile,
purse — Just So 113.. Mis* Doyle 10S. Rebo
IPS. King's Trophy 91, The Cook . RS, Tom
Shelly f?S.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, i-eli-'
ing — Sardian 1C*. Blennenworth 103, Pourquoi
Pas 102. Light Opera UK). The Bugaboo 100.
John Doyle 100. Jerry Hunt 100, Aggie Lewis
94. Hrbbard »0.
Fourth race, six furlongs handicap—Otto
Stifel 115. Commodore 111, Frank Bell- 1C$.
Tally H 105. Ice Water 99, Eleanor Howard
&4. Happy Chappy SO. , • -" •-¦
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2. — The entries for
the races .to-morrow at -the fair
grounds follow:". ' : ~{* :''¦
Firrt race, six furlong?, selling — St. Winni
fride 103. Maverick 103, .Tom -Crabb 103. Lacy
Crawford 102. Pinochle 101, Claremont 100,
Mattle H '.>*. Mordella T»T>. , Scotch Dance, t»5.
Oudon t»r>. Bountiful f2, Mai I^nwery ,02. -.. JV '.
Second race, eleven -sixteenths of a' mile,
selling— Only Jimm'.e 104. Mel 1 wood 10J. Edith
Vice -101, Anona, 101. A-La'dy 101.- Picture
Hat 101, Violin 101. OUie Burnett 101. Opinion
100, HI* Worship 100. Tim Hursts 99, Leila
Hunter &6. Jack Moran M. I^ady Lou 56.
Third race, six furlong?, selling — Clausus 10»i r
Joe Goas 105, ¦ Criss Cross 105, Evening : Star.
104. Sid Silver lf:{. Miss Manners 103. King
Rose 102. Caterpillar 9S. Howling Dervish 08,
J. W. O'Neill OS.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIKS.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth' miles;
three-year-olds and up: -."'.-
Betting. Horse. Weight. "Jockey. St. *i 4 Fin.
12 to 1— Juba, U2 (L. Williams).. I 12 17
3 to 1— Varro." 105 <Young).- 7.3 2 T"5
2 to 1 — Scalper. 07 (D.Austin). .. .R. 25 :33
Time. 1:4S%. Start good.- Won driving.-
Winner. LT. Kiley's ch. g. (S) by George Kess-
Ier- Breakdown. Dolinda 93, Bugle. Horn SXl.
The Hebrew {W\ Florie 9rt. Dawgon ICG, Jack
Little 101, Little Corker 100, flntshed as named.
FIFTH RACK— -Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-ol4»:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. r -4 Fin.
7 to 1 — Anadarco. 100 (Foley).:.. 1 2 4 In
3 to 2— Platt, 1«W (W.Dugan).... 2 1 210
7 to 1— Trixie White. 103 (Cocolo) R 5 Vt 3 :{
Time, l:0S4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. B. Burnett's g. g. by Le Premier-
Gray Bess. Lady Mercury 1O«J. John Ran
dolph H«. Korea UX>. Kitty Belle Brooks 10(5.
Bessie Me 100. Harlequin la?. Hershrr.an 103.
Herman Doyle -109, finifhed as named.
FOURTH* RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds: -¦ ¦• ' •-. - - ¦¦• •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
«to6 — Mafalda, 107 (D.Austin). 3 lo 12
X to 1 — Felix Mozzts. 105 «McMul) 5 3 5 23
2 to 1— M. de Caiabas. llO(Foley) 1 2 ',i 3 4
Time. l:14*i; t=tart good. Won easily.
V.lrner. T. P. Hayes' b. f. by Russsll-Soprano.
I/Ockaway H>1'. Rfsiponsive ;i07. Fontesla 102.
Bell Coovr 1C5. Llda Vivian 102, Sadi* Burcn
107, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — . y ix furlongs; four-year-olds
and u].<; pelHr.;:
Betting. Hoise. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
«; to 1— Aline S, 103 (Rice) 1 18. 12
;i U- 1— Hazel H, 1<H (Williams). 5-2.T 2 1
12 to 1 — Tangible. 104 (Conway).. 4 0 3 3h
Time. 1:16»4- Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Abernathy's b. m. (6) by Saxopia-
Susie F. • Sanctissima 103. Noweta 104, Maude
Wallace 1C4. Drunmond 104, . Lady Churchill
109, Santa Ventura 'M, finished as named.
\ Time, l:10'/«. Htart good. Won easily.
Winner. J. K. Hughe*' ch. g. by Bano*>ckburn-
N'attit. Hamilton. Bjlly Handsrl Hj*. George
T 103, Fay Sharpe 1C0, Lady Sellers 100. Phar
macy 100. Verandah 100. Flying Fire lOtJ,
Telephone Belle 1U0. Aten 106. Mr. Ritchie 10«.
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2. — Mafalda won
to-day's six-furlong feature race
gamely, stalling off the challenge of
Felix Mozzes and drawing away "in
the stretch. Only two favorites scored
during the afternoon. The' weather
was threatening and the track slow.
Attendance 5000. Summary: • ¦¦[
FIRST RACE-^Slx furlongs; four-year-oldiC
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1— Back Number, 9J (Conwy) 1 1 n 1 3 . .
II to 1— Detest. 114 (Young) 2 22 22.
8 to 1— Maghoni, 104 (Rice)..... 4 3 J 3 m
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. R. Croker's ch. m. by Kantaka-Long
Ago.' NelHe Bawn 00, Dusky Secret 104. Mae
Miller lt>4. La Amanda 1M4, Bright Flowsrg
114, Catherine Knox lfJ>, Lady Burlin«ton 114.
finished -ar named.'-* -: ' " /
' ;',•- i
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-old*:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
30 to 1 — Joe Graham. 11M (Cocolo) 2 3ltjll!i
25 to 1— Eleaika, 1W iDugan) « 4 4 2 ns
4 to 1— Mabel fims, 106 (RoaCh) 9 0 2 3 2
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special D:*p*tch to The Call.
riCEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 2.— John
san'ford'e Mol'y Brant defeated Broom
; in the Merchants' and Citizens*
an.<licap at Saratoga on August 16, and
? was eome criticism to the effect
fiat if Burns had not made so much
is-?, of Broomstick on that occasion
— Brant would have been beaten.
|§fJBJ|'tlv» , trernight hrindicap to-day
hfse twn'came together again at al
no'st the same weights, the mare
levin? In fact one pound the best of It.
rhistJme Broomstick was the returned
v:r.n«=r. It was one of the greatest ex
hibitions of speed seen this year for the
iirn seven furlongs, during which the
tro crack racers ran together. First j
->ne and th^n the other showed a trifle
h" front until the last furlong, when,
ifter losing a little ground on the
r tch turn, the younger racer gradu
y wore Molly Brant down and won
by a half length amid great enthusi
p.sm. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden two
••ar-rlds; pur^e:
•:-:r.g. Hers*. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
• to 1— Quadrille. 112 <L>-ne) 2 I u, 1 h
Mo 2— Bulwark. 112 <.HIldbdl..3 1 1U2 1H
v :o l — Sir Brillar, 115 <Roonbk> 1 3 2*36
Time, 1:14. Sitrt poor. Won driving. Win
vet, S. Pagets b. g. by Rapelfo-Court Dance.
'4r.da L**, Oliver Cromwell. Red Fox. Fait
and Pepper. Pslm Tr»»e. Legatee. Kunjatnurk,
¦*tir.aJ;an. Light Note, Aucassln. Fair Revet
• r. ' "crcell finlEh^ a« named.
SECOND RACE— Six and * half furlong*;
three-year-olds; felling:
Betting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
itc J — Counterpoise, 107 (BuJlmn) S 3^1 l"»j
r.'.ol — C^anajoharie. t«* "Travers* « 2 1 2h
: to 1— Spv«r*>icn. 103 (H.Cochm) 1 11 3 4
Tim*. 1:19 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, J. L.. Holland* ch. b- toy Bathampton-
Balance. Stolen Moments. King Pepper,
Palette. Geranium. Cottage Maid. Atwood.
"iovis. Vagary. Kickshaw, Wizard, Blue Peter,
To 6«a CnUbed as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
• hrfe- year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
: :•• i > 1— Dr ka»>ar, 101 tW. Davis). 1 42 In
: to 1— Palrubearer. H>4 (Travers) 2 7 'i 2 h
:2 f> 1— Marasee. 97 <H.Cochran» 3 lh 3h
Timr. 1 :55. Start good. Won driving. Wln
¦ *r. H B. Durham's ch. f. by Pirate of Pen
-p^c^.fVoeniber. CJoverJand. High Chancellor.
rulfu». Spring. Dalectnjin, Adriutha flntshed
.. FOURTH RACE— One mile; for all age«:
:ur^e:
IVttir.g Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
v •, !(.— Brormstick. 11." fHildfb) 4 2 2 1 H
.1 n. t— Molly Brant, 119 <Odm> 1 1 h 2 :«
-.-. .o J — Hurrtbourne. 122 iJMir) 3 4 38
Tir.**. 1 : :¦";:» 2-5. Start fair. driving.
¦¦¦ • : • -. . ; . B. Bro»-n - s b. c. by Ben Brush
nr. ?lclirht also ran.
'.,''•> after-;-
FIFTH HACK— Five and a half furlongs;
:<r: U<r t«o-year-cld» :
SSVjHor**. W«icht. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
7 lri 5 — Oiseau. 119 fHildebrand) 2 1112
•. • • :•— JlaTnam. HKi <Ite<irfm> 1 2 1 24
r:i . «.> i—TongrrdT, 114 4HCaliah> :t .1 h :; h
ti:r.r. 1 AS 1-i. Start »ir. W.in raslly.
XVlaner J. G. Greener's ch. p. by Orr.us-
KUtj Gur.n. J»»rry C. Merr>- Lark, Gilpln,
/.' ¦ la, IMuv Bird finiFhed a* named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a. Quarter miles;
*he Turf handicap: thr«e- year-old and upward:
ivttlnp. HorM. Jockey. Pt. % Kin.
. 4 t<> 1 — «V»rb"jno!e 07 (Traver?) 4 4 2 In
|U (i i_<;rid Mwv. IK* K'ririnsi 1 2 1 22
4 f> 5— Gunfire. 122 fHilflebrar.-J) 2 1 \ 3 2
T\mr .*¦ T~.tr; . -Stun go>j«l. Wcn'dri\inp. Win
ner. R. T. Wl!»nn Jr.'s b. g. by ?tuyve«ant
<".«rn»t. Brigand. Hurst Park finished as
r-am-d.
Ey the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Mayor Johnson, Sad
Sam, Mansard.
Second race — Matador, Monte. Ida
Davis.
Third race— .John Smulski, 3IeGce,
Don Domo.
Fourth rac« — Huzzah, I?ort Royal,
Braes.
Fifth race — Subtle, Belle Kinney,
La Londc.
Sixth race— Brancas, Exclamation,
Katie Powers.
Seventh race — Haviland, Xiaxus,
Ethel Wheat.
Condition of the track — Fast.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one mile, purse — William Wright
OS. Exclamation 8S, Katie Powers 95, Foncasta
1C4. Branca* 110.
Seventh race, nne and a sixteenth miles,
wiling — Rabunta. 88, Bluemint 08, Nlaxus 8S.
Ethel -Wheat WO. Gloriosa.' 101, Ben Chance
lftl Haviland 106. Harney 1O0. Rag Tag 108,
Our Bessie 103. Celebration 110.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Monte 91. No Trumper 91, Matador 81. Com
rade 10S. Ida Davis 10$. Don Domo 108, Mo
hican 111. Proof Reader 111. Day 111, Atlantic*)
111. New Mown Hay 113. Peter J 114, Walna
molnen 114, Pickaway 114, Henry W. King 117.
Third race, six furlongs, the Speed stakes,
$15^0 added— John Smulskl 85, Skilful 110.
Big Bea 116, Floral King 113, Irene Lindsey
1X3 Don Domo 1U2. McGee 119, Beau Ormonde
im fJohn Smulski and Skilful. Ellison entry.)
Fourth race one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Fonsoluca 100. Felipe Lugo 100.
White Plum* 100, Don't Ask Me 95, Anola
1U2, Huzzab 104, Bragg 106. Port Royal 100.
Fifth race, five furlor.gs. purse — Lieutenant
Rice 9«. Seasick 95, Intense 100, Prince Brutus
103 Belle Klnney 103, La Londe 103, Sub
tle 107.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem track
follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Lida Leib
fi5. Trompeuse 95. My Alice 95. Silent Water
1)5. Durbar ICO. Sjambok 102. Klelnwood 102,
The Fog 104 Sad Sam 104, Money Muss 106.
Mayor Johnson 1««, Jim Hale 106. Orfeo 107.
Red Raven 10S, Mansard llti. _,
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »» Fin.
5 to 2 — Payne. 100 ( Aubuchon) . . . 5 •" 2 1 2U
5 to 1— TT.e-Fr g. 112 (Prior) 2 2 2 2 4
D to 1 — Tarn O'Shanter. as (Nicol) 4 1 »,, ;; h
Ttrm-. 1 :13 2-6, Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. T. Griffin's ch. g. (5) by M?ddler-
Mountain Range. Harding 100, Marshalsea
103, The Forum 10-1. Memnon 08. Bob Franklin
J*S I^amtv-on 10C 1 , Angelo 102. Commander 105.
c:*-ora 105. Begone I**, Winesap 103. Hudson
103. Lentmore 108, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Short course; steeple
thase; three-year-old anil upward; purse:
Betting. Hurt-. Weight. Jockey. St. r* Kin.
V.i to 5— Cardigan, 100 tBatesj 3 l.;'»l 7
10 to 1— Li!igo. lio (Rio?) 2 2H 26
13 to 1— Dominique You.l.'fc! (Pcm) 8 3 2^3 4
Tim<\ 3:34. Start tood. Won easily. \Vin
ner. H. Flipen's b. g. <5) by Bel Demonln-
Crimea: Cla^s Leader 13*. Montanlc ¦ 154».
Laura K lj'.». Evander ISO. finished as named.
Maud Mullcr 1U!>. f»ll. Don Ami ran out. ;
THIRD KACE— One mile; three- year-old and
upward; nurse:
Hitting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
& to :• — Shawana. 1W < Aubuchon* 1 11 1 :i
Evfn — Princess Tu'.ane. 104 <Mtn)4 21 2 2*i
11 to 2— Alma Dufcur, 5*4 (Lewis) 2 3 2 3 3
Time, l:3'Ji;-S. Start co;d. Won easily.
Winner, Talbot Bros.' ch. f. <3)by Ttie Com
moner-Becky Sharp. Copper 97. also ran.
FOl'RTH RACE— Six furlongs"; purse; three
year-olds and up: -' : 
ncttinjj. Horsr. Weight. "Jockey. St. r* Fin.
KtoSi — The Crisis.. 112 (llelgn) 112 12
y to 5 — Fronienuc. 115 (Henry), S 2 4 2 4
1« to 1— Allista. 1C6 (Aubuchon) 5 5 1 3 h
Time. 1 :13 4-5. Start eood. Won easily*.
Winner. Talb.t Brcs." ch. f. (4) by The Com*
moner-Miss Leaflet. Gypzeiw 112. Bombardier
10«. My Jane 1C6, Oriel KW. Bill Walters 106,
Bcllario 110, Florista 112, finished as ramtd.
FIFTH .RACE — Six furlongs; cellicg; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. W*ight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
13 to 5— Lord Dixon, 1(15 (Nicol). 1 5 h 1 2»W
."> to 1 — ("utter, K.5 i Wilson).... 5 1 h 2 h,
9 to 2— Envoy, i»7 (Aubuchon).'.. 7 7 4 3 2
Time, 1:14. Start eood. Won easily. Win
ner. T. E. Cassm £ Co.'s blk. c. by Sir Dixon-
Rejx-at. Jar.. ia V.». Mary Eleanor ¦ 1O4, D«I
Carin* 97. Captain Neroth 97, Garvlce 97, Lady
Fashion W, - Centigram 99. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
peilin?:'four->e«r-olds and up: • ,
Bmirnr. Horse. "SV«fifht. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 10— Major Mansir.lOU (AUbu) 4 4 3 1 1^
*> to 1— Scrilla. 94 (Nicol) ;. 6 12 22
g to 1 — char'.i- Milter.MKOregar) 2 3 h 3 2.
Time. 2:0 l-f». Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. C. Hildreth's b. g. (7) . by Eothin-
Vol .Vu Vent. Frank Me 94. Salivate 92, Ex
ctr.tral fc'J. finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Kl\e and a. half furlonge;
two-ytar-olds: run*:
Betting. Hfcrsc. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Kin.
7 to 1— Tl)fc Belle. 107 (Davis).. I 1 »i 1 h
14 to 5 — One Way. 106 (Knapp).. 0 tt Vj 2 »i
12 to 1— El Otrcp, 106 (Mountain) 4 2h Sn
Time, 1:<T. Start good. W&n driving. Wln
r.er. F. G. Belknap'6 eh. f. by Faraday-Lucy
Crockett.. The Novice 103. Rerale 9S, Petit
Lhic 106. Silverskln 110. Padre 103. Sits Lee
103, Colonel Ruppert 106. No Trumper 110.
Lady EiliFon 104. McClellan 106, finished as
named. -_ • ; : • j,\ .-- . -• _ ¦
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— Talbot Broth
ers' filly Shawana proved easily the
btst i n the feature event at one mile
to-day at. Harlem. Despite Shawana's
excellent showing in her previous
starts, Princess Tulane was made.fa
vorite over her to-day, but failed to
deliver the goods. Aubuchon rode the
winner perfectly. Instead of taking
a long lead as in her former races,
he reserved part of her speed for the
final test. She had only one length
to spare over the Princess until the
stretch was reached. She then drew
away by two lengths, increasing it to
three at the wire, running the course
i:i 1:39 3-5. :-~ *'" ' '
Cardigan, second choice in the
steeplechase, won easily. Class Leader
was made the favorite, but he had
no speed to-day, and could finish no
better than fourth.- The field finished
strung out. Bartley, who had the
mount on Don Ami, was suspended
indefinitely for his lack of effort with
the horse. After taking a few jumps
Don Ami leisurely cantered out of the
course. Bartley seemed to make no
effort to keep him in. Summaries:
6pecial Dispatch to The Call
Fails to Squeeze Streib*s
Fly- in the Fourth, and
Two Runners Sneak Home
Captain Brown's Colt Broom
stick Reverses Result of
Their Previous Meeting.
Shawana Takes the Measure
of Princess Tulaiie in
Handicap at Harlem.
CASTRO'S MISCUE
GIVES OAKLAND
ENOUGH TO WIN
Mafalda Stalls Off Chal
lenge of Felix Mozzes
and Wins Handily.
MOLLIE BRANT IS BEATEN
IN OVERNIGHT HANDICAP
TOURNAMENT PLAY IN FULL SWING ON SAN RAFAEL COURTS
PERCY MURDOCK OF ALAMEDA
WINS AN EXCITING MATCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
11
FREE. FREE.
A Wagon Load of
GRIFFIN EXTRA
CATSUP and TOMATO SOUP
FREE TO WANT AD. PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL. ;.
Those bringing to JTHE CALL
office, either Thursday, Friday
or Saturday, a want ad. will re-
ceive a bottle of Griffin Extra
Catsup and ' also a can of Grif-
fin Extra Tomato Soup, made by
California Fruit Canners 1 Asso- "
elation, free. .
Sec announcement on .class!- .
fled page.THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER. 3. .1904.
12
BUSUTSSS CEA21CES. j
A— $900:" CORNER ealocn on Fourth St.; rent j
fUO;Miving rooms ;T lease; a place established ]
\vars an! well paying. See U. G. WlLKli. i
-0!i ICcarn y tt. "
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery, ice-
cream and candy store; rent $15; dully^re-
celpta ubout V>5; business cicirs from (loO
to 5'J<K) per mjnth. ¦ Call It. G. WILKE, — *5 V»
Keainy bt. -\
A— *200C; hu'.f interest la oM established
lOinalsslmi Etcre: butter, eggs and country
ri-c-uce; a sood business; rearing partner to
icave this city; a rare chance ior good man.
-J*c n. O. WILKK, 2<»»i Kcarny rt.
.t--$12tW: COltXKl: naloon on Folscrn St.: rent
t'M; plact doing a nrat-class paying business.
Se« Jt. U. WILKK. ir«»i Kearay st.
A--51750; UAKEilY. estab. many years; daily
receipts &Ti<>:bakint: 3^j barrels day;very beat
lc-afn. Particulars It.G.WILKE.-'t»V4 Ktarny
A — S1250; COFFEE and tea store with route of
customers, lior£»\ wagon, etc.; in be»t busi-
ness town across the liay; fu'.l value in sight;
a well established ar.d gocxl paying business.
Kee' K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $1500; CORNER saloon; in choicest location
of the Mission: rent $20: place established
many years: doing a good paying business.
Se«? R. G. WILKK. 2CVi Kearny et. ¦
$2000— BAKEER «hop: 4 chalrn: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least 550 p-r week;
rer.t $75. itcludlcg 7 rooms; located In th*
chcicefct builnei's part of thU city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20V^ Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms: rent 525;,
<!a:ly receipts about $20: best location north
cf Market St. Call It. G. WILKE, 2ti>4
Kearay tt.
A— $1600; THE leading oyster-house- and res-
taurant in Santa Rosa; rent $50; business
. established years and making money. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE: the best In Sonoma
County; bouse of <5 rooms, orchard etc.; 4*»
years' lease; investigate ot once; a • rare
chance. R. G. WILKK, 26^ Kearny it.
A— J1S0O: CORNER saloon: abcut 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city: rare chance. Se« R.
G. WILKE. 2HV, Kearny st.
A — $1200; corner saloon on Ellis st.. rent $40.
lca»e; dally .receipts $13: fine .location, good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2HH Kearay.
A— $1200; corner, family liquor store; choicest
location irv- Western Add.; value In slgbt
and a good paying business; 4% years'
lease. Call R. G. WILKK. 2Cte Kearny at.
A — $C500; SALOON, one of the best oa Market
it.; 4%-year lease: rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$450 per month. See R. G. WILKK, 2t>*4
Kearny tt. ¦ _
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
cUhed rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $1UO; horse.
wiKcn and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER calooo; only one block of
Market ct. : place established years; 4 rooms
upstairs: lease: rent $70; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2t>'/fe Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon:, living rcoms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying busl-
ct&s; lea&e; slcknesa of owner compels him
to eacriSce. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
ct.; rent $60: livln«- rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
Crct-claEs paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 M Kearny st.
A— $350: CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value in sight; a good business.
Pee R. G. WILKE. 2tt^, Kearny it. -.->. -.*¦¦.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
b«st manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
earn trade; rent $30: 4 furnished rooms;
leare. See R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought raach
and sacrifices; salocn established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
XV, Kearny et.
A— $S00: CORNER salocn In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Eunday work. R. G. WILKE, £6*4 Kearny.
•A— 53500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
ccur.t of ill health of owner. Se« R. G.
WILKE. 2g>? Kearny st. 1 .v,
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
HIS Market st.
Business Exchange, Real Estate and Loans.
$9.jO — Restaurant; good location; seats 60;
everything in fine condition.
$I2.*><>— Hooming-hcuse: 25 rooms, all full;
four blocks from this office: clears ?10O.
5100 — Cigar stand; fine place for jcung
man.
SV.X) — Cigar stand: worth double the money.
$.'000 — Meat market; clears $500 per month;
invite cloae inv«stlratlca.
$4'J0X) — Grocery and delicatessen: on cor-
ner; 3 llvins rooms; clears per month.
?1000— Grocery; stock will invoice amount
atked.
$275 — Cigar stand: fine location.
$11. COO — Furniture and hardware: low rent.
$250U — Restaurant; seats 70; newly refur-
nished.
__^ __^
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
' description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
baker)', cisar ctand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Ju«t what you want to buy or a
purchaser foi* what you have- to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market st.,
. rooms 41S-41U; telephone Folsom 3408.
BREWERY and bottllnr worns for sale, very
reasonable, or will take a partner who can
take charge of the business; a good and com-
plete works end a pood trade, wholesale and
retail. fc'EAI. ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
i:il2 Market st., rcoms 41S-419. Tel. Fol-
Fom 34«S.
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to leaye for 5 or 10 years: a fine located
r-rrr.c and established health resort. 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
aufe. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING, Bartlett Springs,
Lake County. Cal.
$3000— SALOON: "near city front; lease; rent
$80.. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny st.
$200— PARTNER In light \ business; good
chance right man. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny.
$75CO~ LIVERY and bearding *teb!e at a bar-
gain. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny et.
$1CO CIGAR stand and laundry for $!.'. If sold
within 2 day*: on a.-^ount of other hurlness
1013 Fclrcm et.: rent $10. paid to ICth. •
ADVERTISER would like to meet a man with
about <j.0O0 to enlarge present long estab-
lished, highly profitable business; profits *
guaranteed o\ er 15 per cent. Box 49S, Call.
WE incorporate a:id float etock companies; we
handle unlisted pecurltles; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square,
Buffalo.
FOR sale— Old-established stationery and
periodical business, with a long lease; on
account cf sickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F.. News Co.. 312 Geary st.-
$300 for a good grocery; fine stock; rent $15,
including store, 3 rooms and garden: furni-
ture for tale. HAWKS & MEHRTENS.
Webster et. and Railroad ave., Alttoeda.
FOR ea'.e — A country newspaper In lively
town; psper In 17th volume: will be sold
cheap on account of HI health of publisher.
Arriy Call office.
1 MEAT market: one of the best, both for loca-
j ti<--n and trade; everything complete; price
$750; cor. Fifteenth and Sanchez. .
ACTIVE man wanted, with email capital, as
partner in wln% business; must be energetic
and r.illlng to work. .Box 864, Call office.
FOR sale — Wine and liquor business; estab-
lished 120 years; downtown district. Bis
502. Call efflce.
; $2tOC— GROCERY and bar: choice corner in
Mission: reasonable rent; Ions lease; no
agents: Investigate this; a bargain. Box 4CS1.
PARTNER— Detective and collection; lady or
centlemsn: small capital. McDIARMlD'S,
1014 Broadway. Oakland.
¦WANTED — Retired captain cr suitable party
to start bay and river freighting office; free
rent; gocd location. ' Box 778. Call. .
FQI1 SALE — Partnership interest in a S. F.
law firm. Address box S55, Call office..
WANTED— Restaurant. 1118 Market St..
[ rocm 2.
I BAKERY for caJe; 5 years' lease. Apply 1550
Church tt.
FCR sale— A restaurant; 20 miles frcm city,
end good paying business. Box 724, Call.
ALL kinds rabbit*, guinea pigs and white mice
wanted. C1S5 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
WANTED— Saloon. HIS Market st., room -2.
FOR sale^-A etoneware plant. For particulars i
4 address box 70S. Call. - ;
FOR sale — Rettauraat. lisa Oak it., front of!
carhouze. BhSBSsBJ
JOHXrPy .SPKCCKEES. . ; .Prop^etpr
Address CcsssiualcaUepj to
JOHN McXAUGIiT J _ :JJ _^j^M?gggg;
\V."J. f • MARTIN .. ¦ •^.4fiHHl s ~-i I i^^
XE5-EPUOXK
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will 1 wn-
tect You With t^e ix-i-rtxueat leu \« itn-
Publicaticn O'2c* Market and Third. S. F.
Ecl;on«l Room*. Ui7 to 221 6tevea»oa *t.
X>ti:vered by Carrie:?. 20 Ct«. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Mor.th. Copies 5 <- l s ;
Te:m* \if Mxl!. lrclu.iins Postage (.CaeU «i.n
OrAeri : „ ..
DAILY CALL «!ccic<J. Sunday). 1 > enz . . . $S 00
DAILY CAJ-L <:nL-lurt. Sunday). 0 mo^... 4.00
DAILY CALL— 3> Single Mc=th •••¦;
K\ N DAY CALL. 1 Year --fJJ
WTEKLY CALL. 1 Year * °°
FOP'-IGN ( i->*Uy. . .$$.#* re r Year Kxtra
LrEftrU \ 4.15 Per Yw Extra
POSTAGE. ; u eetiy. i.ex) Per Year Extrs
ALL POSTMASTKRg ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
SoizFle Cortes will be . forwarded »hen re-
cuested.
Mail «ul»c-lbers In crder;ag rhange or »<J-
Czeu fhould be particular to give bcth .»Ln
X.ND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
projspt and c-crrect cctayliacce with tSeir re-
CCCSt.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C1« Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
tl4S Center Street Telephone North 77
Washington cop.respondent:
SAMin W. WALL Hotel Barton
j
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: |
tV'aldorf-Astoria Hott!: A. Brenlano. 31
f B.cn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifta-avemie
HoxeJ s.ni Uctn^n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman liouse: I*. O. News Co.: Great
Ncrtfcern HottJ: TVemont House; Aud.tonum
i..--.L.. Z'almer Ucum.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATI%T;:
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS. Manjuette Bui'.dlng.
(Lcr< UtkUacc Tcl-pbose. "Central 2t>19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
NEW TOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
. C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Frandseo Call,
corotr Market ar.d Third streets: open until
12 c'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1W Market street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 p. a.
iZ7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; op«n until
9:30 p. m.
SOrt Hayes street: open ustil 9:30 p. m.
ta» McAllitter street; epen until 9:30 p. m.
615 Lark'.n street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 MiEsiCin street: oren until 10 p. m.
¦ ZOtt Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
109<; Valencia «stre»t: open mHVII 3 p. ra.
Northeast torner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 FillTr.ore street: cpen until ip.ni
FIRST Vr.Hcd I'retbyterian Church, cor. Gold-
«-a Gate ave. ar.d Polk Ft. — Preaching to-
mcrrou- <SaLbath) at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p-
'ra.. by the pa:tcr. H. H. Bell. b.V. Mcrn-
:ng vhemp. *"Th<» Ascension"; evening theme.
••OppoRng Winds." ?abbsth-Schoo!. 9:45 a.
a.: C. E. societies «i 5:«0 and »):3{) r- m.
Strangers cordially iTiv!t<*d to all services.
Pe»-s free. Cotirteous ushers. Ccine and
brinr your friendr.
KEHTlSa ITOTICSS.
MISSION Lodsp No. 1*S>. F. and A. M. O
gpocial me«tir^ THIS 'SATURDAY) Vy
EVENING at 7:.-.O odook. Seccnd />r\
iJtgrte. R. K. ALLAN. Se<-r<tary.
THE cf5cer« and members
of Oj!d«"n Gate Cam? No. «^ / <y ¦ ¦ "ui
64, W. O. W.. request- -^OpT^TTT^^
r : ' . attend the funeral >;t t^^'-XzJ^$r£k%\
.> D Ni-:i^-f-N ¦a-* n-:-m- \~?ttPttZrtf**'
b*r cf at>ove camp anl
• "hopprnF" Friendrhip Club No. 1. at 12
o'clock, SUNDAY, fcepteirber 4 from 1017
Gear;- «t.
W. D. FERGI'SON. Consul Commander.
JOHN' T. O'DONNELL. Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
<*iv*d application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from MiUe Corcoran Placer Mining Com-
jiary. m Polar Star mine, near Dutch Flat,
Plfccer County. <*al.. draining into the 1-lttle
Bear River, which reaches Feather River,
sivs rotic? that a meeting to rec?iv*> any
jirotert* »f:i b*> held at room 0»5. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. September 10. 1904,
sr 1 :"/• D. B»-
AGENTS WAXTTCU).
SOLICITORS WANTED— Active, experienced
bollctior» of gocMJ aprK'aranoe to sell install-
ment lots; wwFi>-d, watered, graded; easy
and quick selling property: good eommls-
6ion«. ArrlJ" room .*>. 116 California «U .
UP-TO-DATE agents, either sex; j^Iis at sight:
ueed !n every home; big commission. 1055
Washinrlon st. OfHce 7 and 8. Oakland.
. WE have a proposition that will enable you
to make money at home or traveling; liberal
comrcisslcn. 36 Gf-ary tt.. room 23.
LADY solicitor: ective and pood talker; liberal
ccmir.lssicn. Room 7, 813 Market et.
ACTIVE, energetic solicitor of good appear-
tnce; liberal commission. Rm. 7. 819 Market.
• ATTOKETE T3-AT-LAW.
R. 'U*. KX3CQ. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam, b'.dg.,
Cth f.ocr; entrance rocm Cll; established 15
ytart; all cerer, ge:icral court and office
practice; no fee !n advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
• ADVICE free en all legal mattera; divorces a
specialty; private, quick: no pay In advance;
mining compacle* organised ;pater.t* obtained
G. V.'. HOWE. 112^ Market *.t.; estab. 22 yr«.
ALVICE free; divorce coi«t« $12; quick, quiet;
ell law butir.ers; no charge unless success-
ful: c^en evenings. 927 Market, room 20t.
CCLLECTIONF. attachments. mechanic's
lieue. probjite. tenants ejected. Attorney, 6J2
Merket ct.. VJcm 2::.
DIVORCE— <Toets. $12; quick, quiet: advice
f:ee: all law burlrtfsf ; no charge unless suc-
cessful; cren evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; d'.vorce cofts $12: no fees or
ec«tt In ad%ance: ail law burtnem: office
opes Saturday evening*. f!9 Market st.. r.33.
L. S. CLAKIC. !C7 Market, r. 3OJ: con^jltatlon
free: no fees in rdvance; open evenings.
PATENTS cbtein?<J: Jnforr.-.ation furaished for
gale cf patents. SONNTAG Agency. 214 Pins.
Columbian Lew & Collection Agency..r. S5. 916
Market; wl.Jchn C22f : solicits >r>ur business.
ACTOMOUII.ES.
$2C0 — FOR sc'.e— Cil hanrt. 2 seated, eteam eur-
rey suton-joblle. 14-1 I"V.e!tn bldg.
RUNABCT.T autcrnoblle for $450; good running
crdrr. Dox 4C0R. Call office.
A CAMERON auton:ct:'e. 1904 moCel for
ral«». Ecr <«f 7. Cr.'.l ot*j*.
' ASTHMA CTJBE.
DI XOLA'S Aithr^a Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. 5Oo. lcX.^ I.Iarlret. St. Nichola<-
tifo V.'lthsit. lO.h ard Washington Oaklend.
antus. bogs, etc.
• TOUNG talkJ&g rarrots. $5 each; dow racn-
keys. hlTit. cages. go!d?_«h in endltsi va-
rl»ty. gee catatcgue. W. Bartels. 1513 JTkt.
XIAltTZ Mountain canaries &Afrlcan gray par-
rcti. just receiveJ. A.C. Roblson^J35 Kearny.
FOR SALE — Genuine water epanielt ct 4* > 6
?:»tcma ft., cprtalrt. COLEMAIC.
BOAannra ros chxldsss.
WOUT^D like * child to boarJ: rocm for parent
If «5e*!r€<J. CS07 HaiTiecn rt., near Twenf-
¦ fry^rtb.
BCOKS
KCIIOOXj bookt-. old ar.d new. bought~and aold
DALT A CURRAN. f57 Geary st. •
c^OTgnro REarovATryg.
* SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; reourlng "and
Cyplrg. Ben Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410-
phone Drumm 44.' Call for and deliver free!
_coii.ECTiorr_orpicrs.
Ud ifr.inli ejected for $1; co:!ectlons made:
rtir cr country. « Pacific Collection Co.. 415
• Montgomery, rocms *-10: tel. Main l~S0.
_ COTTAGES TO SET.
FILESRT. IK*, north t'Ce. near Leavenworth
— tunny cottare, 4 room*, large ycrd;
rrrt f 13 50.
LOVELY eurny cottage; 0 room**, lath. Cor.
Dclores and Cumbtrltcd; Mission 'warm belu
BtJS^INESE! CHANCES — Contliiued.
A— CAMERON t CO. " Phone South 1030.
S Eddy gt.. cor. Market and Powell.
l!f stiquaiiers for all kinds of business chances.
FCR Eale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing: also for winter shooting and
lUhinj; completely furnished and -\ equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators . for
making own gas: toilet: closets: everything
strictly new and modern ; accommodate 12
peopie over night; perfect little home; owner
oblisred to r<> East; ir.E.ke offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, alsa
barley mill plant; best coast- city In Cali-
fornia ; over 4000 population; sold aa whole
or separately, fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive • Interests
elsewhere only reason for selling; books cpen
lor inspection. For partjw-ulais see* CAM-
EROX & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' - ;
For eale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to 570 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. # CAMERON,3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property ¦ In
Alsmeda for stock of merchandise in San
Francisco. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Wholesale and retal manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
a» face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet "waters, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years: will bear strictest
investigation: abovtt goods in daily use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
f500. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcases, cpunters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of Rtoods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price asked; bis snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
$1200— RESTAURANT and. oyster house; on«
of the twst across the bay; most desirable
ci3£3 of custom; owner compelled to sell ac-
count of being employed In other business;
genuine offer; best In its line to-day. Apply
110S Webster St., Oakland.
ATTENTION— If you wish to dispose of your
restaurant saloon^ grocery or hotel, call on
us>. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY. 110S Webster, cor.- 12U, OiUand.
GROCERY and liquor store in Western Addi-
tion for sale; good cHan stock and fine
trade. Box 4SC5. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 149 Pacific ave., Santa Cm*.
WANTED — Grocery and bar In good growing
location. Box 4C04, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant: state rent,
seating capacity, etc. Address box 3500. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
JLOPGIirG -HOUSES POS SALB.~
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 105a
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds Business Chances.
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 ' per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
(350 to fir.u at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large bedy of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe' to
settle an efitate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome ; profit on Invest-
ment ; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location: " entrances; everything in
flrM-claes condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here 1*
best proposition in city.
• 7-room modern flat, close. In/ well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
- 65 rooms: best downtown commercial' house
in city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-cla?3 condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per menth;
must Have city; make an offer.-
12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing ?500 to $C0O per month: must sell on
account of other business; enly with us. - •
CO rocms; new, . modern building; elegantly
furnished: close in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rocms: rent $145: new and 'elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
5-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40- room house: fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
!)0-rcom, new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running crder; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO raoms: grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $000 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: 3-
year lease: downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-rcom flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by September
1; price $400.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 roams; central; 4-year lease; clears $10J
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped litt'.s apartment house in city; call
for lull particulars; only with us.
16 rooms: rer.t $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rocms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to $2SC0.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
SeOCO: APARTMENT and lodging-house, C6
rcoms, modern house: full: lease 2%* years;
furniture flrst-clars and In best condition;
terms to euit; this is a bargain as the
house cost $10,000 to furnish a short time
ego. • '•
$750 House of 33 roems: furniture In good
condition: arranged for light housekeeping;
clearing $00 to $100 month clear profit.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.
1312 Market- st.
Rooms 418-410. Tel. Folsom 3468.
MARION GRIFFIN,
400 Hearst Mdg.. over Examiner entrance. -
Cor. Third and • Market sts. • Tel. Black' 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for eale.
__^_ . >/
27 ROOMS: housekeeping; rent $15 $1200
6C rooms; rent $300. ........... ... .... €000
S rooms; nicely furnished: with piano. 573 |
5ft rooms; attractively furnished.'.. 3C000
IK rooms; new and elegantly furnished. 3000
:»<* rooms; rent $65 SOO
",0 rooms; rent S105 :. 180O
25 rooms; rent $50.... 1400
MERCHANTS'.- AGENCY,- 1008«4 Market st.
FOR sale— Account eld ae<". an old established
- lodping-hous*" In crntral location; does a
good paylns business; has 22 rooms; this Is a
genuine barcaln and will bear fullest Investi-
gation, rs owner Is unable to conduct same;
»ee it; no asents; on premises. 747H Howard.
.MITCHELL • &, CO. . . . . . . . . .
1206 Market st .Phone Jessie 2081.
Rooming . and apartment houses, hotels and
flats cold suit purchasers; titles' guaranteed.
MITCHELL U CO.
.NICELY furnished rooming- house of 17 rooms
tilth lease; very cheap if sold soon: owner,
leaving city. Inquire 1149 Larkln st.:
$12."— FLAT. ?i rccms; new furniture; rent $25.
KOOP & GOODY. 710 Market St.. .. '¦¦}
$S50— LODGING-HOUBE of 8 roomi.well fur-
nished, at 143 Sixth et. Call 1 to 5 p. m.
A 17-ROO1I lodging-bouse ; f or sals; cheap.'. 233
Stevenson zt'.ietUBtiSSB3BBBSBSVIUKKtSUtsiBBKte,
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' X6 V a t ea < wrapper, for mailing, ?1 per year..
DEESS3BAKESS AND SEAMSTSESSSS
McDO\\ r ELL~DreEsmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve.. class;101U Mkt.
Accordion, .sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIOyAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
et between Third and Fourth; more space:
finer rooms; better light; finest In the "West;
come and nee. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
JEAN arid STELLA MacD.ONALD'S children's
class: song and dance, recitation, physical
culture, ballroom, fancy 'and- step dancing;
Saturdays. 2:30 p. m.. Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion et.. between 19th and 20th.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited . preparatory
school for university, law .and medical, col-
leges; refs.' President Jordan cr any Stanford
'profeseori'day, evening sessions. Phelan bid?.
A The Paul Gerson ' School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 4 J4 Mason.
E. R AYRE^S. founderof Ayres Business Col-
lege hag returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; ?5 month; life scholar-
ship $50. 723 Market Et. • :-;";- j
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, : gurantees positions to graduate?: Pit-
man "shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.,
ENGINEERING— Civil. 1 elec..' mln.. mech.'/sur-
• -vey, assay,': cyanide: day, ev.; est. 1S04: A'an.
derNalllen School. 113 Fulton/nr. City Hall.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; 602 .Van Ness
»ve. : positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pr?s.
WANTED — Ladles . to .learn lace ' making: "all
English : thread lace : taught. . 709 McAllister.'
ADULT;and juvenile. classes. new open.',' Illn-"
rean'3 School of Dancing,: 1412 Polk, nr.'Cal. 1
SPANISH, French. etc.Prof.De Fillrpe'sAcadfmy
, of languages. 101S : Post: cat. 1871 ;a blest profs.
PIANO: Instruction rclven;: $10 for ten lessons:
¦ : art J experienced _ teacher. ¦ • Box , 415."-; Call. : ; .-'
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
,' scnally. Miss M. ¦ G. Earrett,^ 302 Monts'my.
CABPET BEATlNGjAND^OIiEAHinar^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum. Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
¦cleaned by compre.ssd air -at ? «hopr -priges
.moderate. S. F. Compressed Air <r»«i nl ns
ra . 80S Market St.; phones Main IS- ana
Ku'sh <"0-
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'-S Pioneer Carpet-beat .-
ing works. 355-357 Tehair.a st. Tel. bouthJO.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work: s.^lS 00^Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FKED HAuE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225. .
MITCHELL'S, 210 . Fourteenth rt -Firsts-class
carpst cleaning 3c yard^-Tel. Mission ¦*¦
CONKLIN'S' Superior Carpet Beating Works.
: 333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 1-0. _
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beatlng:_inat r
treEses made over. 1432 Howard-.til.Ssuth 216.
ADVANCE Carpet' Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;'
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
: RUDOLPH 1 & CO.. carpet-baatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.-.tel. Mission -bJ.
A^^w'pUte— ThT Whalabonc-^Tannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crotvn, $3 50; 'fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless _ and
1 warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 11 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
Xo charge for extracting when. plates are
made: old plates made' over like new; teeth
¦ from $8 per set: extracting 50c ; gas given.
DR. KNOX, dentist. : now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market st.. room 203; all flrst-
class, dentistry; at low . prices. -
I»ARIS Dental Parlors.' 235 Kearny.' cor. : Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up;;crowns.S2 up; fllHnKg.-'5c.
GOLD filling.*. 75c; silver. Soc: crowns. $2; no
pain-.open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,20l Sutter
DR.R. i; WALSH has moved from S17 Geary
. .Et» to BSO Geary. :'¦'¦:>¦.:, ¦¦ ' - •¦
ARTHUR CUISHOLM, surf:eon-denUst.r.l4.1st
floor. ;Phelan~bld..'SOa Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by : the New York den-
1 lists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 063 Mlssloff.cor.Cth.
SSUCATIOyAIr— Contlnaed.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet en Men., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bids-: terms very reasonable.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman' Business College, 345 Haight;
individual instruc: all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $«t mo. S30: ere. $1 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. & F. : 75-page catalog on request.
SPISITUAX.ISK.
MRS. WAYBORX. medium; $1 readlnss this
week ?5c: cir. -Von.. Frl.. S p.m. 1235 Mkt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 12Ct$ Market St.. Ga't House.
C. MAYO STEERS; psychic readings by mail $L
35c? 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 850.
CLArBVOYAITTS. .
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous ?o readlnss this week for $1.
¦ PAUL DESTINE.
The First Rosistered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.,
I do hereby solemnly agre« and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. : 1 tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
yi»t will marry: in fact, I *vlll tell every hop*,
fear cr ambition ,b:tter than you can tell your-
self. ; I will improve your. condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength . In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In bu*!nci<*, - mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling :>ower Is jour nature so you can
fascinate any. on? you desire, win the "one you
love, brinr: back ycur: loved one. ' and cause
mcrriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. : closed Sunday. :s.'G O'Farrell st.. S2B.
OMAR, the profhst, gives advice on all affairs,
as>ks no questions, heals diseases, gives in-
ttructlon In ell. branches of occult science; if
in trouble he can - help. sou; hours. 11 to t>
p.m. 21S Eddy st. - -
A— Miss M. ; Wille, : 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
• tal-seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
. what you called fcr without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 3.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOL'3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals th»
present happcnlnes an portrays events to
occur In t*se future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
rult this sreat medium and you will be toli
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all .'ffaira of life; !Sc up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 43O.
A — Phenomenal $3 mental reading for $1 CO.
KLSMEKE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant,
medium, palmist: educated by adepts in In-
dia: Donsesses a marvelous power; a mental
wender; you have never consulted one whos«
methods are so truthful and upon whos3 ad-
vice in all matters you can depend; two-
thirds of mankind consult «on« seer to as-
certain that which Is to happen to them;
others obtain the benefit of their Influence
J and advice: consult the best : it costs no
more; cpen Eunday: mail XZ. 10074 Mark't.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. * palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles bus. and financial success: name*;
L., S0c;*G.. <l. 714 Franklin, nr. O. O. »w.
ISMAIt. Egyptian seeress. Th« Vendome. 110*
Market »t. San FrancUco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to 3 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12: Wsdaes-
iay tvenlnc. tt to 8. Phone South llil.
OMAR the mystic — Advises «nd helns you la
all affairs; reading* dally: all disease cared
without drugs; lady attendant; afternoon aa4
evening. 218 Eddy «t-
lfm.A.H.Kronenberr. palml«t.clalrroTant. card
r«ader: when others fail try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franlclln.nr.O.O.av. TelLarkln 420T.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given; -23c up. 8 gills st.
MRS. CliARK. wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladies only. 421 Hyde- st. _^
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date*.
facts: readings dally. 017 Market, room 10.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
PALMISTRY, card reading. 25c and 50c. Miss
L. Kahntua. 704^ Larkln: 10 a. m.-ft p. m.
MME. LINDA, palmist and jwychic: card-
reader; reading. 25c; no alga. 512 Jessie st.
MRS BAUMANN. th* well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
EMPiiOTMnaTT oryiccs.
X JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofSc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanes*-
Chlnese help. 42« Powell St.; tel. Main 575X
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 »j O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.;tel.Bugh 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLET & CO.. W0 Clay.
EMPIiOTMSaTT WALTZED— TOtAIB.
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist: youn*
lady expert accountant and collector: all
modern systems; desires to change position,
or extra work evenings cr days; best refer-
ences. 4166 Seventeenth st.
GOOD dressmaker will go cut by day during
this month; $1! to $3 day. 550 Stevenson st..
rear Seventh.
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work hi country. 324 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2306.
LADY wishes place on chicken ranch en shares;
good housekeeper. MRS. C. MARTIN. Ala-
meda.
MACHINE operator (ladles' underweart. first
class, desires work home; reas. 52t> Liberty.
A GERMAN lady with a ulrl (10) wishes sit-
uation as cook or housekeeper in family of
several; wages $25: country preferred: is abi-»
to do hotel cooking. Address or call 3019A
California st. *
DRESSMAKER, tailor suits and coats, even-
ing gowns, cutter and - fitter: all wo:k war-
ranted: engagements by the day. MISS
BARSS. Sherman House. 23 Eighth »t.
REFINED young lady wishes position as com-
panion to lady or. grown girl; thoroughly
competent to fill position of trust; good
ref ertnees. Box 737, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Young lady having 5 years'
experience would like a position as book-
keeper or assistant: best of references; mod-
. grate salary. Box 397. Call office.
A CAPABLE and trustworthy widow. 37, wim
much practical experience, desires position
in well appointed home: good housekseper.
sewer, etc. Box 7P5. Call.
A RESPECTABLE, neat, kind young womaa
wishes general housework or cars for Invalid.
563 Natoma st.
A COMPETENT waitress and parlor maid
would like upstairs work and sewing; best
references. Call at 2015 Bush st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position a*
housekeeper or general housework. 254. Na-
toma st.
COLORED woman takes washing and Ironing
home; neatly done. 111% "William »t.
bet. Post and Geary.
WANTED— By two first-class chambermaids.
positions in same hotel; country preferred.
Box 749. . Call office.
A WOMAN with 10 years' experience win call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone- FoUom 3274. '
FIRST-CLAS3 trimmer would like- privau cus-
tomers or will assist In millinery stors. Ad-
dress boxSra^Calloface^ *T
YOUNG German woman wishes position la
delicatessen store; willing to help In kitchen.
Address box 426. Call office. -
COMPETENT stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes position: six years' experience ; best
references. Box 590. Call efflce.
ELDERLY American woman wishes light
housework, or to keep house for aged person;
good home, small wages. Box 732. CalL
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
bousccleanlng: SI 50 and car far*. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook to assist In house-
work: wages $35; references. Box 1007. Call.
YOUNG rlrl would like position as bookkeeper
and stenographer. Box 796. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work by day; II 23 per
day. 3261 Sacramento st. -
COPYING to. do at home. Address box 393.
Call office. •¦'¦-'¦' ;
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by lady;
references. ' Box 593. Call.
SITUATION as first-class cook; city or coon-
try; best references. Apply 327 Fourth st.
RELIABLE German girl wants housework la
small family: wages 125. Box 348. Call.
WANT work by the day; all kinds or work.
Phone Scott 1321.
FIRST-class dressmaker In families; 92 BO per'
day. 873 Sutter »t.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church »t».
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 603 McAllister st.
SMPIOY1CTHT •WAaTTEP — MA US.
GERMAN, sober, steady, good gardener, want*
situation on private place: understands car«
of horses, cows; handy " with tocls; refer-
ences. Box S15. Call office.
GARDENER, thoroughly experienced In all
branches pertaining to gardening and car#
of first-class private place, desires Immediate
engagement. Box 077, Call.
WANTED — Situation, by young man. at any
kind work. • in city, or would learn * good
trade at a little pay, in city. Box 0S2, Call.
POSITION as watchman, whclesale house;
SU.CO security. E. T. CAMPBELL. 2'il3\i
Powell st.
YOUNG man would like work of some kind:
will work fo" small wages, with board and'
room. Box SCO. Call office.
POSITION by an experienced traveling sales-
man, familiar with Pacific Coast and Orient.
Box KS. Call efflce.'
JOB carpenter; strict attention paid fire Jobs;
prcropt and reasonable. Address Carpenter,
430 Seventh St.. city.
A BRIGHT English' boy. a*e 1R. <!»3lr<M a po_
sit'.pn with a good 'fairf'v in ths country
gocd referencer. Cox 1C1S. Call.
GOOD sober m?.a wznts steady v.ark • cf any
Vinri: oar. milk: care for horses: no. experience
in garden wortt; city cr country. Box 932. Call
COACHMAN' and gardener; flrst-cla*s all-
round man: best of references. Box 095. Call.
ELEVATOR operator wants situation. ' A. P~"
box 1019. Call office. '
YOUNG Swiis wants' work In nursery ar aa
jardener. .Box &£>.- Call.
'¦¦¦""¦¦¦¦¦' A ' ¦
"¦' ' TT ;¦ OF .
•GRIFFIN EXTRAS .*.
— -MANUFACTURJED BY
CALIFORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION.
On Thursday/ Friday and Saturday of - this', week every
one bringing a Want Ad* for next Sunday Call will receive
TWO PRbMlUMS— one of Tomato Catsup and one
of Soup— free v
/ lifill • Quality and Flavor not to be excelled*
j|KM \ as e rea l tomato flavor* Most cat-
MM i.ft4 SU P S have an excessive quantity of spices
M/|M^m in them and for this reason pall on the
palate, create thirst and are indigestible*
1 1 11m 1 Gratm Extra
Pi -^ > i s pi c Yt b ut mildly so, and is in every
res P ecfc a^ at a fi"st-c!ass condiment
GriffinExtraSoups ||^^^^
iq \TAwiinriirQ
Julienne, Puree of Pea, Puree i|^«)
of Bean, Clam Chowder, Beef, ||#^^»«^pfc
Tomato Okra, Mulligatawny, !:ft^ffi j f|^^§:
Bouillon, Puree of Lentil, To- B^^#^^iMii
mato, Mock Turtle, Chicken, |^^^M|^il|
Chicken Gumbo, Consomme, ||ili^^^^^Si|8
Ox Tail, Vegetable, Cream of I^^Siif^P
Celery, Cream of Asparagus. l^^^^^^^P
-EACH TIN MAKES A QUART OF SOUP . :
BY ADDING 1# PINTS OF WATER. "^
fTRir IT.Two Premiums to Each Want Ad-FREE
Premiums Given Thursday, Friday and Saturday to
• NONE BUT BONA FIDE WANT ADS WILL BE RECEIVED.
Premiums distributed at Business Office. Third and Market Streets, and OaKland
Olfice San Francisco Call, 1016 Broadway*¦ ¦ ¦ . -. • . -¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
13
HORSES ' AXTSKWAOONS. -A
HANDSOME carriage, with Imperial metal
mounted double harness; suitable for- livery
or hack. 1011 Sutter st. . .'
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. l'JO Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Saddle horse, black. Spanish broke,
- gentle, fine lookir, at !>r.> • Jeesle sU r
GOOD, gentle horse for sr.Ie. Box 3109. Call
office. ' ¦
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at' 11 a. m. 327 Sixth sC
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses." 18th-Valenda.
_ ravALip CHAnts. :. _^
SOLI).' - rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel.Park 775.
; ' y LOST AST) rOUBTO.
LOST — A russet leather v.-ullet. containing pa-
pers and promissory note* pf no value to
finder. Finder will kindly return same to
BERTIN & LEPORI, 520-522 Washington St.,
city.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THOMAS ROY. No. 130-358. The
finder will please return to bank. '
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
; and Loan Society of San ¦ Francisco in the
I name of CATHERINE BOWJiN, No. 171-1521.
I The finder <mt1U Dlease r?turn to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln
the name of SARAH A. HASKELL, No.
-•36-401; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— AH ofj our. competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did It. BHIB_L_Y
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
LOST— An Irleh setter bitch. » months old. 14
Golden Gate 'ave. ; phone South 6; reward.
LOST— Gold watch and chain In Harbor View
bathroom; liberal reward. 2249 Broderlck st
LAUNCHES FOB HIEE.
C. A. McNEILL bAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
lr.g & excursions. 5 Steuart st. :tel.John 288a
MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS/
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) Excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 213.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from if regularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex.
orbitsnt fee*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market et., rooms 7 anrf 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide tn me.
Relief for Irregularities. ' Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305. KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all 7a~
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth St.. room 0, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor A
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
or<glnal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, C11A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. .
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2805 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. ¦¦¦:.
motes A»p Miarnro.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO., room 1». 330 Pine St.. will In-
corporate and finance any proposition of
merit; buys and sells; develops and operates
mines. Call for proposition of MERIT while
on this coast and they .will show you how
your visit here will be one of profit, j .
MISCSLLANEOUS-t-FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Suoday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 1U5-197 Fremont st.
FCR vale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER, 652 Mission st. •- .
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair It with tlaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin - or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to move
no New Montgomery St., and to avoid moving
stock, will -sell at big cut tn prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS., 1S16 Market st.
FOR SALE — Al . second-hand express wagon,
with a large rain top; no speculators; a bar-
gain. Apply 1508 Market st.. room 9. Hours
' 9-12 a. m. and 2-5 p. | m. .
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear ot-
COMPLETE files Harper's and Leslie's week-
llc-s. Puck and .-Judge; 5 years; 1800-1801;
make offer; cash or trade. Box 97(1. Call.
FOR salt! — .'Ui-foot sloop in fine condition: cabin
suitable for duck-shooters' club. RICHARD
HUGHES, . Black Point. Marln County, Cal.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs:
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors. |
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton ¦ st.. ¦
upstairs. ¦ • ¦• '¦•
TRY our men's shots at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form *hoes at $2 B0; we, pay expres*
charges. 11 -'id St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sash, doors, tank
closets, cement tray*, firewood, etc. ; bldgs.
. 2M-28O Geary." DOLAN CO.. 1007 • Market.
BRICK for sale cheap. Apply Dynamlts Bat-
tery. Presidio. '¦. ' . .
FOR sale — New Fay-Sholes " typewriter, $55.
Box 72o, Call. '
FOR sale — Modern hand and .; foot propelled
tricycle chair; nearly, new. Box «52. Calli
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted „ to
sketch. Eugene Klley & Son*. 10U .Vallejo st.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 1^ diamond*; a
Usrsaln. 10 Sixth st.
: ROOMS papered: $4 up; : tinting, painting.
Hartir.ann Paint Co.. :ui» Third :tel.Matn 413.
2I>-HAN1>. build's material. lumbcr.doors,_un,
pluicb. material. The Dotan Co.. 1C07 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission *t,: te!. South 811.
REA1TTIFUL 1-karat d!a:non«I rlns W0; worth
S1C0. «ARIN. . i:W Montgomery st.
FOU »alf«— Flret-class new brick*. Apply UIC.
CO O'DQNNELL. 1021% Market st.
SAFK8 .'and each registers, " new .and' ie;ont!-
han!. I. FREEMAN. Vi2» Market st.
1 MOVING pictures, magic lantern*. »ale. rental;
• bargains. Dullard „ BrecV. Ml Posf«t.
I 6O.MK . good 2d-hand gasoline engines I to 12
1 ;h: p. -j Cheap. : E. B. BKCK » CO.. 12V Mk.
SAFES— New - and second-hand. THE HEi:-
MANN SA FE, CO.. 307 Battery st, .
, GASOLINE erg-ines. automobiles and launches:
1 a!f slzss, ; J. E, "DOAK. 411 Fremont '«t : • -
CHEAPEST and b*it Jn;Am«rlca— The'WeeKly
Call;, l(i pages, . sent to any '.address In th»
¦¦.it'nttf'd States or Cansda.ono. vear for $1.
C WAKT3.
ttlU prices -paid for old gold, vealsktns, dia-
mcr.db. '', zents' full dress suits, eto. ;> »«nd
po*Ul card. : LICHTKNSTELV UP.OS., 23
¦ :¦; Stuckton , «*• -_¦ ¦:¦•¦¦•*, ¦ .. > . -.-•...
TALKING machines, guitars, etc. ; easy pay-
ments: month's piano rent free. BRUENN.
225 Sutter st... ,'.". -' --'"-r ,'-...-.¦..-; „ ..'.. -..,
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gsnt's castoff cjoth-
-"- Ing," etc. :: .Tel. Davis 825; C50 Sacramento st."
HIGHEST, prices for ladle* 1 , gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. »22 Folsom st. ; tel. Fol. 3522.
TILTON wants good socond-hand clnthinx and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jtseie 2951.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-C3U Clay at.
Phone Main iiSlS.
Leading Employment «md Labor Agents.
We sneak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
fanlsli languages.
1003 We Gave 1001 We Hope to
t«.,OC!y Men Work. ,. Increase 00.000.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill. $3 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS, ETC.
Stonecutter, San Luis ObWpo Co., $1 50 day.
FOREMAN. MAKE TABLES, fi day.
Wco'lwGrker, pine furniture, city. $-' aay.
2 brush makers, fare $1. SI 20 per M.
12 IKON MOLDERS.
15 coopers, tight and sluck work.
MURRAY _ READY,
034-tKJU Clay « st. .
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
65 two- horse teamsters, new work, fare $3 20,
corporation's own -work, $60.
Gil EAT SPECIAL.
Private railroad, you'll suit, steady Job. .
ii.1 men, iare $4, see us. $00. •¦'-•:-.•, - v .-:*, si
OIL WELL DISTRICT.
25 laborers, fi-ecla! syndicate Job, $C7 oO.
MONTEREY.
2t~ laborers to-day, see us. $07 50. .
MURRAY & READY.
'.;"--' 034-03G CUV St.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
FLANINt; MILLS, UOX FACTOP.IEs*. ETC.
SECOND 1 DONKEY MAN, $00 found.
Donkey foreman, snips loss, cut brush, $30
end fourci.
HEAD LINEMAN, 575. j-:
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
2."> laborers for lumber co., fare $2, ?:50 found.
US laborers, mill*, yard, NORTH. $tiO.
35 laborers for woods and camps, north, $C0.
HELP BUILD IT.
1103 laborers to cut brush away, help build
It. R. from sawmill to woods, fare $0, $00.
!LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men, work ln bot. factories,
$W and ?"J5 found, north.
165 woodchoppers, tool*, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
MURRAY A READY,
031-KSG Clay st.
MINES— MINES.
12 mtehine miners; gold QUARTZ $90
IS chuck tenders; boss here $75 to $82 50
i LOOK!
15 laborers or young men to learn mining;
to start. ¦•£ fd. ; good chance for YOU.
MURRA'l & READY. G34 and 630 Clay st.
- 155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIANS.
155 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.'
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st. y
LOS ANGELES,
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIST.
The land of Sunshine. Fruit and Flowers.
BY TRAIN, SANTA FE R. R.
$4 CO FARE. THATS ALL.
!>33 two and four horse teamsters $60
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 630 Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEP'TS.
Cook, 20 metH mine, $40 found.
18 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches etc., $30, $10, $50
to SSO and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 60, $35 found.
12 waiters, different city and country jobs.
IS DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS'.
• BEDMAKERS. BELL A ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 Ftarch ironers, $12; ironcr, $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
' $40. $30 found.
Sausage- maker, $14; experienced bone hams,
$14. MURRAY A READY.
634-030 Clay «t.
FARMS. DAIRIES.
49 different ranch hands. $2tl, $30, $35 fd.
5 milkers, $30, $35 found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 chore boys and men. $15. $20. $25. $30 fd.
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN.
Hi stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75, $60,
$30 found.
Boys, learn trades, tend stores, etc.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildings, fare
oald. *4 .%<• day.
GAHOLINE ENGINEER— $12 WEEK.
4 plasterers, free fare botn ways, $4 50 day.
4 painters, $2 50 day.
BAKERS.
Foreman baker, .> 23 and found.
3 bench hands, $17 a weex.
BELLBOY, $25 AND FOUND.
Nurse, country Institution, $30 and found.
Steward, country institution, $30 and found.
LAUNDRY.
.Polisher, Ironer and strfrcher, fare $1, $2 50
day; marker and distributor, north, $18 wk.
Man to tend bar, take cash hotel, etc $35 fd
WAITERS, BARTENDERS.
1 Walter, nice restaurant, fare paid, $35 fd.
Camp waiter, ranch, fare $1, $2-> and found.
Cook, 7 men, ranch, fare $1, $25 and found.
' Man run lunch counter, south, saloon, $10
¦week and found.
Cook and wife fcr a country hospital, easy
Job, $40 and found.
5 farmers and wives, $40, $50 and $6Q fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
Shingle saw filer, fare $3, *2 60 day.
Planer man, city mill, $:< nay.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoers,-floor and fire, $4 day.
STABLES.
Stableman, fare $3, $40 found.
Stableman, south, $30 found.
Choreman. tanker's private residence, $30 fd.'
BUTCHERS. '
23 SHEEP BUTCHERS, $80.
Slaughter-bouse helper, fare $1, $35 found.
Knife m-.tf. pigs' feet shaver, $2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING
HOP PICKING. HOP PICKING.
Married or single, young or old, boys or
girls, fam'.lles. COME ONE. COME ALL.
AND PICK HOPS. $3 DAY.
Fare $2. Office fee $1.
MURRAY & READY. B34-636 Clay st.
MINE DISTr7ctT"
25 laborers, fee $1. fare $2. $30 and found.
¦ 25 2-horee teamsters, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634. 030 Clay gt.
~ Government work. ~
':. t nevada state.
1.V5 teamsters, $75.
135 laborers. $75.
55 driller*. $00.
FEE $1. .V:- THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY A READY. C34-03C Clay st.
~~ LOOK. ~~
12 young men In city factory; light work;
call early; $1 75 a day.
MURRAY & READY. (34-G36 Clay st.
5 luggers, strong laborers will do. for un-
loading car* etc.; city Job; $2 50 day
MURRAY & .READY. 004-630 Clay st.
FACTORY. '•
12 laborers, you'll suit. $60.
MURRAY A READY, G-34-636 Clay st.
CARPENTSRS~ "*" ~
CARPENTERS;
12 carpenters, fare 25c. §4 day.
14 carpenters, fare 25c. S. M. Co.. $3 50
to $4 a day. , -
2 rough carpenters, city factory, $2 B0 day.
Carr enter, ranch, fare $1 25. $40 found.
Wheelwright. Nevada, special fare. . $00 fd.
5 carpenters, private Job. fare JOc, $2 60 day.
3 carpenters,' city job, $3 day. '
16 carpenters, city Jobs, $3, $3 50 $4 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st. _
GROCERY CLERK. $C0. "
A man used to merchandise store, fare SOc.
PRIVATE STABLES, ETC.
Choreman, banker's residence, fare $1, $30 fd
Choreman, private residence. 25c fare $25 fd.
Stableman, fare $3, southern town, $40 fd.
Vaquero or cattle herder, fare $1, $30 found.
12 grape packer*, southeast, $1 75 day fd.
BOSS HERE.
6 handy men to learn sheep butchering, boss
here, call early. $50 and Increase.
Choreman and wife, orchard, boss here, $10
and found.
Fireman, oil burner, for a mine.
' Teamster, exceptionally good ranch, fare 70c,
$30 and fcund. ..--.• j
Blacksmith, Nevada, boss here. $C0 found. •
Presser on gents' clothes, city, $2 to ?2 23
a day.
Man to distribute bills, rjty corporation,
Cti week. , : '
Spool tender, fare $2 20. . $45 to $50 found.
BARTENDER and help wait. $25 found.
Cashier, city restaurant, $40 found.
Walter for R. R. camp, free fare. $35 found.'
Cake baker's helper, city, $.10 found.
. Helper, city dining-room, you'll suit, $20 fd.
Omnibus boy. city, $30 and found. .
•MURRAY & READY, 634-03U Clay st.
WANTED — Salesmen for men's furnishing )
goods department. Apply 8.K. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market st. \
WANTED— Salesmen for men's clothing de-
partment. Apply 8. N. WOOD A CO.. 741)
Market st. - . - ...
WANTED — Salesmen for boys' clothlns de-
partment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,. 740
Market st. . .¦¦¦.'. :".V,-.
WANTED — Bushelman. Apply to S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — First-class , mixer for cracker fao-
- lory: specialty- man on sodas. desired; must
furnish references. ' Address 071 !$ W, • Sixth
st..' Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— -A. bright, active youns man with
practical ' experience ' in wholesale . grocery
• business: mention references, age, experience
and salary expected. '• A. : L., box &J7,.Calt.. :
EXPERIENCE© ' shoe salesman "wanted at
once. 'Apply Superintendent's .office,' The
Emjorlum. ¦ ; - ¦
BOOTBLACK wanted (colored). Turtle Cafe.
Utary and Powell sts.
REAL ESTATE — CITY-POE SALE.
THOMASJ MAGEE A ~SON3
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHOICE INVESTMENTS IN FLATS.
$55. 0C0— Rents $3C0 a month; 6 almost new.
lartre flats, always rented: have been
steadily rented since they were built;
two li ts with double frontace.
$30. CCO— Rents nearly $220 a month; corner In
Western Addition; an exceptionally well-
built building; sun and light In all
rooms.
$30.0C0— Half a 50-vara In Western Addition:
5 wrii built, sunny and light flats;
electric cars passlns.
$2O.C0O— Rents J1W a month; 8 well-arranged
flats en lot nearly S5 feet front by 110
-feet deep In northprn part o! city, wlt_
two tar lines convenient.
$20,000— Western Addition corner; 129 feet
frontage on two streets; a well-built
building on which more flats eonld bo
added; rents now $121 50 a mcnUt.
•
$15.000 — Rents $130 a month; two well-built
ar.il arranged bouses In one of the most
select residence districts of the city;-
lot 50x127:2-3.
$17.750 — Pacific ave. corner; rents $125 from 3
flats; part of lot vacant, where 3 more
flats could be built and rents thereby
Increased. :w*-
$14,000— Rents $145 a month; under 3 separata
leases for 1 and 2 years; new butldlag;
key lot; sun and lisht in every room; 2
car lines convenient.
. 1
$i;:. 000— 27:6x120; In town: 2 exceptionally
well-built flats, with sun and light In
every room; key lot. with 25 feet of
permanent space.
$12,000 — Rents $$O a month, from 3 flrst-clas»
flats: comparatively in town; win al.
ways remain rented, with excellent pros-
pect of better rents.
~__
$11.500— Rents $82 50; 2 elegantly finished flats
in marine view district; fine home sur-
roundings; upper flat was built- and ar-
ranged for owner to -live in. -
I9.50C— Rents 1105 a month; 2 new flats, with
finished attic and" basement, all rented;
fine marine view.
$8,000 — Rents $72 50 a month: 3 flats, near
Sixteenth st. ; lot 25x105.
$7,9<jO_I>nt3 $t!3 DO a month; 2 good flats,
with finished attic, near McAUUter and
Lyon sts.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY S)T.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California terminus of the Santa F»
Railcoad and the Standard Oil Company is at
Richmond. Just across the bay from San Fran-
cisco. These corporations, with the Southern
Pacific Company, are spending millions of dol-
lars there, making it the great manufacturing
city of the West. Make monev. •
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
Call or send for free macs.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Bldg.. 8. P.
$2100^-COTTAGE 5 r. A b. ; 23B Boaworth St.
*«500 — Cottage. 4 r. & b.; 214 29th; modern.
$2700 — Cottnge, « r. tt b.; 150 West Park st.
$1100 — Cottas£ 4 r. and b. : 2M) Hearst ave.
jlti'.O — Cott-.ge, 4 rooms; 2^0 28Ui St.. with
coal business, horses, wagons and good-
will.
$300 down and $30 per montli — 2 flats-. 4 and
5 room* and batb: on Day st.: $:XX>O.
$300 down. $25 per month: 2 flats: 27th st.
D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 2l3t and 22d.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. Tot included,
any location. 1 on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$1200 WILL buy newly furnished modern
house, 12 rooms; worth investigating. 46?
Geary st.
FIXE cor. lot In S. F. : 75x8.0: fronting thre«
Streets. Ad3. E.A.K.. Frultvale ave.. Dlmond.
ALL work guaranteed ftr3t cliss by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbsrs. 8-'t6 Howard yt.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick, west of WUlard. Sam Glass, builder,
on . premises.
ALAMEDA APVEE r rS ; M r TS
AZ___OA BEAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
$7500 — House of 12 rooms, southeast corner
Grand st. and Alameda ave.; 75 feet on
Grand by 138 on Alameda ave. ; also lot
In rear. 45 feet on Alameda - ave. by
$2200 — Two-story house of A rooms and barn;
'4x120, east side of Sixth st.: SO feet
north of Taylor ave. ; T434 Sixth St.
(3250 — Two -story house, south line of Encinal
ave.. 14S feet east of Union st.; 1812 Ca*
cinal ave. ""
" FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house: fine marts* view;
house is thoroughly modem: porcelain bata,
etc.; cement basement: S3C0O.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST. .
$1950 BUYS a home In Alameda: a snap; 7-
room house; Iarjre lot;, fruit, flowers; leading
avenue; little cash. See owner, 21 Spear st.,
S. F.. upstairs. ¦ .
BERKELEY ADVEItT'S'yTS
BERKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
JLJUDcjqc
JDODDiJt
IT*. l~&*ro-'*r*' ST ___« .
Building lots at Dwlght way station, Berke-
ley fronting on Shattuck ave.. Ward, Derby.
Fulton and Ellsworth sts.; street work com-
plete, sewered, graded and macadamlMd:
splendid surroundings; new buildings; on lm«
of Southern Pacific and Key route; lota Ste
134:6 each; prices $S0O to $1100 each; terms
! if you want them.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
Sola Agents, .
23 Post ' st.. San Francisco. NS«R
BARGAIN— $1600; 8-room house, well. barn.
chicken-bouse. 60 youns fruit trees, lot 173x
207: one block north of Corbtn station. West
Berkeley. Inquire of V. BBVI3, oa tb*
premises.
NEW 7-room house. large lot. $4600: Parker st.
near Dana. Berkeley. W. E. FRENCH. ISll
Pine St.. San Francisco.
FRUITVALE ADV'T'SMNTS
PRTrrrvALi; booms. ¦
3~FUKNISHED housekeeping rms.: closet, pan-. .
try, bath. laun..A yd. 1417 Fremont av..rtvl«. I
OAKLAND ADVERTS'SPrS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY. "
oaklans rTjsjrrrPBB^r o» ¦ tu_a.
TO- M OR CO W the day for bargains , la faraj«
ture. H. Schelnaas.llth »t..cor.store.O*HtB4.
Continued on Pace Fourteen,
uoaxTjro LOAjar.
AAA— HERMAN "MURPHY.
<i01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided tn-
' terests In property purchaeed.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
\ When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
_ WIL _ LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st, 'Jd or 3d . «
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in* city, town
or country.
Low rate of Iterest.
Give fuil particular*
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office. ¦
YOU Will Need Xloney for the
. Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO..
906 Mutual Savings Bank Building.
- Is making liberal advances
! ¦'*--'•» X On salaries; confidential.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security^ diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 826 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS— ! i ~~"
Money loaned salaried people without Secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. - Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates;' no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security: any
" amount. O. W. BECKER. 3tt Geary, room 3ti.
HIGHLY tespectable private place to' obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
. per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried, people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal sfltles. Tolmao. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN* OFFICE. 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery et.. rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bough*.
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. y> Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Ca leans to salaried peopld
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rlal-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan ard
/ Trust Cc. 21 Stockton st. -;-¦ .• ¦
TO salaried people without stcurtty; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Disccunt Ajtency. 143 Phelan building. -
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON r*al estate and chattels. K. W. LICK
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no sort. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned talarled people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL,. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WAHTEB.
LOAN $500 wanted: security $1200; good inter-
est. Address box 722. Call.
MUSICAL IWSTKtrMElTTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos tor small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for. large parlor;,
halls, etc.; pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 - per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
per rno. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant targe
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over $150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent: one year's
rental allowed oft purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60-C4 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard. small upright for practice $40
Wood worth and Allovon. splendid order.. 65
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain 125
Ehsrman. Clay _ Co.. good order 135
Grovesteen A Fuller, splendid order 145
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new planes; all makes ln used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany case: cheap. Hornung, 218 McAllister.
SECOND-band piano. $125. BACIGALUPL 7e8
Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary gt.
A LOT unredeemed storage piano*, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 163(1 Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piano tor sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
&OHMER. Byron Mauzy planoa Ceceltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ A CO.. 16 McAllister et.
3-PEDAL Steln«ay up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger,' little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
J OrriCES A3STP STOBE3 TO EET.
LOWER part of 425 Sutter st.; suitable for
busyness purposes. '
A — CALL and *ee our demonstrators, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles,
Smallpox pitting*, etc. ;
Restore lest contour.
If you desire . a fresh, younjr face, call or
write MME. GILL1NOHAM. 131 Powell St.
A FRIEND to you,, if you are suffering from
inJlgestlon: send me 25c postal order and I
will send you a receipt, one of the best rem-
edies on earth; pleasant, sure and quick; no
medicine required. Address O. MOORE, gen-
eral delivery, San Francisco, Cal.
DR. POWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumstitm, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc; Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price- SOc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk st.. S. F.
THE FJar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove: Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
FnOM this day on I will - not be responsible
for any debt contracted by my present wife,
THERESE DELMONT. August 31, 1904.
¦ DR. F. DELMONT. ¦
-Cancerous Icmps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist frcm Europ-*. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
FRANCIS X. GALEN', formerly of Philadel-
phia. Pa. — Communicate at once with Joseph
L. Galen, Grand Hotel, Sao Francisco.
FURNISHED rooms, en suites or single; can
speak English and Spanish., 1014 Powell
r_. . between . Washington and Clay. ;.-
I A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for »ult». 'overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
1 Tailor. tSl Market tt. '
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
dawn and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vic ikin food for
I the. body. ,Ti3 Ellis it.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
£«tcn, Xjo Sutter. Mts> Eaton. _J3 Oeary.r.sa.
SUPERFLUOUS half & moles removed by elea-
. trie. needle. LOIS A. CRAY. 1170 Market Pt.
ELEGANT putt* to order.' extra pants or fancy
.vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find beat hair
I tonic In the. wcrld at 1910 Sutter tt.
ELEGANT suit to nrrier'& 1 ex. pair pants. *I3.
I LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. at., bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verlts - balr-
> dressing. parlors) to 845 Market, next Palace.
MAaNlFICENT'dismond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. .CABIN, 13S Montgomery.it.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pa»M $2 30.
"¦- Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush end Dupont.
MASQUERADE- costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S • Egyptian Henna restores gray
" hair to its natural color: $1; at all drugftata'. '
SWELL Parnassus Heights flat; 5 sunny
rooms. 5^] Hugo St.. near Sixth ave.
VAN NESS ave. and Union— Elegant 7-8-0;
Minny; modern; rtnt very low.
j KILLltORE. 112J— Modern ~T all Urge
, anJ Hcht; corner; rent reasonable.
j Jl.LIEN a\e., 127. off Sixteenth and Mission
j sts. — £-rocm heure and batb.
j LKA\ 'ENWORTH. lSl'J — 5-room Hat: gas.
j Lath; rent SIS. , -" i.*-~.*i
I LYON. 11 u— Upper flat of 7 rooms, bath; sun- i
«y and modern: rent $42 50.
TO let— $7; TWO large rooms and yard. 726H
| Hsrrlscn st. ¦ __
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
<'ii LYON A- HOAG. 11" Montgomery «t
PLATS TO LET — rPB»ISHEP.
TO LET— Partl> furnlthed nilu'dle f.r.t of flv«
roons and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dsiiiv between 1:30 ar.d 3 p. m.. .3 boutn
Park.
TWENT Y-FI RPT. 3331. nr. Valencia— Fur-
nifhed flat: 4 rooms, bath, laundry; sunny.
] FLATS roil SAItB ~^H53S5?55H^v
! NOB Hill new flat to l*t; present tenant will
", Fell f-jrr.lture at bargain; no dealer*. 1254
California »t. '
IFOR sale: cheap; fl*'e nicely furnished sun-
ny r<M-ms and bath. 152« Devisadero; call
' afternoon.
PUKNITUEE POR SALE.
• JT~"mEYER * CO. pay hlrhest price for fur.
niture, caryets. etc. 7S1* Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
$75" WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per wc«k. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
I A NEW woven wire cot and top mattress, S3 30.
J ANDERSON'S. 10 Turk st.. Just off Market.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold exchanged.
Bargcr, 4X1 Valencla.nr.lOth.Tel.Church 3878.
rUBSriTXJRE WAirTEPT
~ ABE LEVY."'
Salesroom. 11-5 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate,
SECOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1143 Mis-
sicn ft. ; phcr.e Fol»om 2713.
WANTED— A folding bed. Address box 4C07.
Call office.
HELP WAHTEO — FEMALE.
COOK, Shasta County, email hotel $40
Cook, American family, countrj' $40
4 cooks. German and American style. .$30, $.15
2 parlor maids, city and country $30
5 second girls $25
2 kitchen helpers $20, $25
Nurse, invalid lady $¦'*&
2 men and wives, country place... .$40, $55
Nurse for a home $20
3 nursegirls, city and country -.$20. $25, $30
10 waitresses for 'hotels and restaurants..
$25. $8 a week
Extra waitresses $1 00, $2 day
Parlor maid and waitress ...$30
Housekeeper, 2 men. French only $™0
2 upstairs girls and sewing ...$25
44 geoeral housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20, $23. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSSETT
A CO.. 334 Slitter st
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 3d st.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
Hop pickers; 50 bop pickers.
Saturday and Sunday; Sonoma County.
Tents, wood and water free.
$1 per 100 pounds; pay dally.
Cook. German girl. 3 adults. $30.
Housekeeper, $22 50, Berkeley.
Colored maid. $23 a month. -
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Girl, housework, $1 day and found.
Chambermaid, $1 day and lunch.
Waitress, Soncma County, $25 and found.
Bookkeeper, $50, city.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.,
509 Hearst Bldg.
Open Saturday until & p. m.
A WOMAN to assist with the children ln an
institution; $25; experience required. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 gutter st., near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taueht.from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions- to- fill immediately.: . positions
guaranteed at $10 jv«r week up; leading
Echoo. in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacties hatrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, ' etc. ; give 6
hours' practice a day: add parlor practice to
schooling; secure positions; day and evening
clashes: absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 1*0 we'.l h t.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
ea'.esladies.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st..r. 13.
WANTED — An experienced clcak and suit
saleslady; reply stating experience, refer-
ences, etc. Box 097, Call.
SALESLADIES for various departments; those
with experience preferred; apply superin-
tendent's office. Tn* Emporium. ', ¦ -'
WOMAN to assist with housework and care
of children: no cooking; $15; apply Saturday
morslng. CS8 Shotwell st.
PANTS finishers at ence: must be experienced.
Royal Pants Co ; , 223 Kearny st. j_
TEACHER for country school. Immediately.
578 Parrott building.
A GIRL to assist with child; no housework;
Bleep home; wages $10. Apply 1315 A Ellis'.
WAITRESS for country hotel. Call 1015»4
Larkln st.. between 0 and 12 a. m. ..?z :¦¦•
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress wanted;
good pay. Address box-891, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. Call at
1000 Ciay st. -^
A FRENCH Klrl for general housework; good
mases. Addrem 2114 Flllmore et. - .' J
WANTED — A flrst-elaas cook for private fam-
ily; Reno. Nev.; wages $30: call' Saturday,
Bunds y or Monday morning, between 8 and 9,
at 2«23 Pacific ave.. city.
YOUNG girls wanted to wind yarn; steady
work. CiANTNER A MATTERN CO.. 607
Grove et.
GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new Joy sys-
tem dreescutung. JOHNSTON. 131 Post,
room 2. . -
FINISHERS on ladies' cloaks and suits. D.
M. DAVIDSON, C3 First st.
GOOD sirl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS. 22 Clay st.
GOOD pants flni«h»r. MARTIN BERWIN, 850
Market st.. room 46.
GIRL for housework and assist ln delicatessen
¦tore. 709 Larkln st. /-. "
CHEAPEST and be«t in America— The Weekly
Call. Iff pages, sent to any address in the
United Ftatet or Canada one year for SI.
SALESLADIES,
YOUNG ladles. $1 CO per day and commission;
outside of city; ladies also take notice.'
WALSER A CO.. 4S0 Eddy st.
HELP WANTED— MALE. -
AT CALIFORNIA~EMPLOYMENT AGENCY"
¦ MAN and wife, small hotel, easy place, $40
and found; 4 hotel and boarding-house cooks.
$35 and $45 and found; chophouse cook. $35
and found; hotel waiter, $30 and found; col-
ored elevator boy, $35 and room; hotel por-
ter, $20 and found; Janitor for institution.
$20 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., CSS Sacramento st.
THREE miners. $3 doy; 3 laborers for mine,
$2 50 day; 3 farmers and wives. $50 and $55
and found; farmers. $25 and $30 and found;
2 men about place, $25 and $30 and found;
foreman for eaeh and door factory $21 week,
and others. J. f. CROSETT & CO., C2S
Sacramtnto »t.
14 3d et.: near Call Bldg.' Phone Bust 405.
Government work. Nevada, ship to-day,
cheap fare, fee $1.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 50 day.
Hop pickers; Sonoma County; hop pickers.
Tree tenU.' wood and water free.
JCO men. women, boys and gir!e.
$1. per hundred pounds; pay dally./
Lawn man. Government Job. $50 a month."
2 houce carpenters, 15c fare, $3 50.
'1 men, rhlngle. long Job.
Chef, city apartment house, 24 people, must
bake cakes. $70 and found.
Walters, city and country, $30, $35, $40,
Checker, wholesale department. $16 week.
AT HORD -SMITH'S.
Contractors" Agents ...;..'. t»3 .Third st.
Stabltxr.fcu. r.car the city. $30 and found.
Youkj! n.an, grocery, .drjve wagon, f i).
Bey for srrocery. $5. ;
«.v>ok. cc-ur.try. kniail place, $20.
M«n to cure for t*"' v atc place. S2f» to $C5.
Fruit work, Sam«-<*Ura Valley; fl _ Uard.
Stableman, city, .TOO to $00.
'i iirM-L.la.-is limktrnien, tSO.
Lbborcra. north. $2 25.
Laborer*, company, $2.
A— HOTEL ItaZETTeT C6 Montgomery, r. 12—
Kccond cook, $7<j; vegetable man. $30; stew-
ard, $13; janitor, f'JU and room. ___BJ
~ —- - - 'nzxrrr wauixd-__uic— Cca.
lwl'Ni; O«i:r.a:i. who «erved throe years north
¦vUIj Kiri-t Lxht Kuxsara. wants plsce *u
•"Jinnian: it :i:>',-i-i»> > hor^'-man; sood ref-
-i*.t*!*r«. -- Addieva H. JiLINIC. TJ3 t;slltor-
li ::>-• -CLAfcS rnachman and ctanffenr for
l»riv*tr family; rteady positicn preferred;
ctty nr country; \ci-y tost references. Box
Call offJcc.
EXGINEER cr ru*£*r bri<lzr7. VtcT.~or~~fore-
n-utti of w^k*; iu yen' practfi-sl cxperi-
fnc»; en:;>lcymcr.t wanted. 11. RICHARDS.
. q - f- O- •¦•
A f:j:^T-CLa:;s teller, cutter, want* position
l>ery or in J»cs Anreles; good references. Ad-
¦iresh ytmr tatter <.r s^nU to ZtiZ Ix>mi>ard st..
tity. A. M. IiSLL.
KTKAliT, rr'iutle ycung iu»n. 29. cxptri. bcok-
l«"«;<r. •:->¦:. s ;;aoe as bocWUeepc-r or as«'t,
u-ith chance cf ad\ ancem?nt;fl rst-class refer-
•jice«: v.atfi, law to liexi.T. Box 721. Call
J"IKst CLASS rrarhtn&a a»rf ir.aufTeur. Mlth
vtry tn>Kt rtf.. fm rrivaty tuaUIy; citv or
country; Fte.«cly position jireferr«3. Address
__ l^tL 7i»7, <"a!l oince.
A. r"lRST-CLAS^ Uceoaed ncn-un:on plumber
M _cts srerk from cr-?t>«:rty owner: has all
aecet-sary «hoji tods; city or country. Box
7J.I. <-ah office.
EOOKKlZEPEn; expert bookkeeper, IS years'
§ expel ience, desire* enitsgement; collections
¦nd terr^t-pendtmt- a tp^flalty; salary med-
fat*.r Box 781. Call off.ee.
VOVK'J nan. 20 years old. wants position in
hcte! cfnre; 4 rears' experience; French,
tierraan, KngTish. Addrtfs M. J. DUTT-
BEKNI;. 102> Jsckson tt.
GERMAN, midie'p-ag-^d and slngla, wishes
sjtuaUon *.s cl»rk in grocery store and bsr-
rtK>m; nrrt-clsf» rejerences. W. BOHLIXG.
417 Kearny ct.
BITfATION wer.ted AmericaB. 38; hiith'ft
retlabUUr: can do clerkinr, chamberwork,
•ts.. in hotel cr rooming-house. Bcx 5<jf>,
Call office.
XLTtriE (n_!e) wi*ht* case, any kind: gr«d-
t«te training school: gives manage; first-
<-»a»s rrfercnces>: wi:i:ng to travel. Address
Hex CZi. Call office.
MAN tnd wife, cr.r.ks. first and second; mine,
lumber camp or P.. R. cars. Address box
73t*. Call office.
DRVQ rk-rk, rraduate, witn 3 years' experi-
ence, jr>od reler^r.^es. would like position In
retsll ftore. Hex 1?SS, Call office, Oakland.
POSITION desired as surveyor's assistant;
lands -or miring; any part of state: forre-
spondence atked. H. WESTON. G. P. O.
YOL'NG man. experienced ln office m-ork. de-
? ires a poEltion where he can learn archi-
tecture. Box 1016. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by experienced cel'.ector;
ben references given and bond If necessary.
¦ Address bcx 1015. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
ke*i*r or any kind of office work; cood ref-
erences. Box 773. Call office.
CHEF <flr*t class), hotel or apartment house,
city; sober, reliable, economical; Al refer-
ence*. Box 772, Call office.
¦BUTLER, Frenchman, with beet references,
desires or*Kion in private family. Address
Butlt-r. C2 Ellis «t.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work: will go to country. Box 774,
Call office.
SALESMAN m - ith long experience wishes posl-
tlcn ia general merchandise store in the
country: good references. Box 746, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as watch-
tr.an. janitor, porter or any l!(rht work; city
or country. Box 741. Call office.
MACHINISTS' apprentice. 3% years' experi-
»tjce. wante position ln automobile shop;
referecc-s. Box 33S. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by all-around machinist;
alj-o •xi>erieric»d at bras; t>atteras and gsn-
«-raI brats work. Address box 633. Call office.
RELIABLE young man desires pc^-tion as col-
lector or outside man; b**t of city refer-
ences. Box 423. Call office.
MARRIED rr.an <27», cood practical business
experience; salesman, bookkeeper, cenerai
Cfflce work: anywhere. Box 579. Call office.
PRACTICAL cutter end fitter. wUh long ex-
r<nmr' and reference, desires a position.
Box 7oS. Call office.
UKCRI.VO work of ar.y kind lit sired by a
¦•trans t.uber man; steady work preferred;
rleahf h-tait ware*. Address box JV04. Call.
GERMAN. ." inonths here, wishes steady good
j'Ofltion; also err.sll ranch or fruit (arm;
wages .10 object. Box :«S«. Call.
POSITION us enclneer; locomotive or station-
ary: used t« oil. Dox 300. Call.
BARBER m-antx work evenings. Saturday and
Fur.Uay. Address bcx 747. Call offi.e.
Young rein wants employment, where there's
chance for advancement; ref. Box 601, Call.
CARPENTER waists work by day or Job. 413
• CUmertiy.s. 6t.
ELECTRICIAN— Young man, 17. experienced
:n electricity, withes position. Box 663, CalL
EXPERIENCED mining assayer surveyor and
tiookkt-t-rwr. Box 67, Call.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
">ok; family or boarding house. iLIEU
YUEN. 1113 Clay et.. tel. Black 3658.
A JAPANESE couple want situation in fam-
ily: tr.an is flrtt-class fancy cook and wife
ie experienced waitress; 15 years' reference -
*, ae v, $ 'w W- A ddre«s M. £HI. 518 Jessie
»t. Telephone South 99.
- JAPANESE man and wife'wlsh positions; man
good cook, experienced in. all kinds of Indoor
»ork snd the care of horses: wife plain cook.
WBlfess. Cne laundress, housework: wages
»U) month for both. Box 4874. Call cfflce.
A YOUXG Jazianrs* boy wishes a position as
schoolboy in private family; city or country
"«««!1,« •«» address: CHAULES TA-
_.__»A£HI.61S Jesti*_st..S.r.;phone South 99
JAPANESE. II years with present employer,
»letes situation ln private family as waiter
or hp:i«e«orker: exceptional references; $7
_**<» H. 6. P.. 335 Sacramento et.
A JAPANESE good cock wants situation a*
iJ'.'Jr.rr'' 1 • p ' t noU8 «: »pe_ks good English.
HA P.P. Y AMEMIYA.13C3 Polk;tel.I_rklc 4»2!
EXI'ERT Japanese wants position as gardener
A r i.n^r wcrker ' 6AKA - xc2s * rk ?•
TOUNG Japsnese boy <genteet> wishes potlUon
_ge^^ ; p£^^?^ 1^__J"
MSg ; ara'_a y^ "^^^
JA ,?£, S £' S1 i> butler wants a poslUoa. O. K.
3 4OC r'acifle st.
A J l IC ?L jB| 2J nf ** boy «"ants eituation as a
Thoolboy. T. K.. care S3l^ Eddy st.. city"
EXCHAKOE.
FOR eale or exchange — Grocery and liquor
store in warm belt of Mission: no competi-
tion; three living rooms; Ideal place for man
ar.a wife; will exchange rnr city real estate -
I rice $l.vio. Box S34. Call office.
• _rLATB TO_1.ET^
A— HOUSES und flats to let; an immense llsf
"" ta .absolutely free: take advantage of
tine deptrtmect; tt wiU save you time and
trouble. Curd, f I^rnlture Co.i 243-253
; Otary st., ca the cquare.
• DOWNTOWN flat — Modern 0-room flat, sun in
<-«-ery mem. furnl«hings fcr ssJe at bargain-
rrnt oulj UZ M; water tree. Apply 178 Oak
ft.. Irtv.ccn to and 3 o'clock,
4002 T<j it\2 loih tt.. cor. Noe; block from
Itth or Caytro cars: only 4 nt thes« lcrvrly
wunr,y .^rtvnra fiat* left: key 3378 13:h pat.
.JtigfgX fc CO.. 2C2 Examiner bldg.'
TWET.Tr-aiXTH. n«-«r Folsom— Just eoori^
I>lete4: elesast corner Cats cf G rooms; $22 to
EECOXU ave.. 130. near Sacramento— $32 T.0-
»*¦«¦¦ ni;d<".l« f_t, 7 fine aunny rooms; two
Ptcmu-.-fint batii ; la tort Improvements.
7 "!?^ 1 ' 1 * S: ™ V rO<>;at: Ufjfe
PACIFIC ave.. i'IOj. war Filir.»ore— Flat~f
_ ii ro^a-.y; fe3n in every room; large garden.
TO let — iV; 2 iirsc reams and jfcrX 72C4
U_1t«i ;t. '*
TWi; N-Ti'-NIVTH. 39S3. nr. Not—Fine minny
__r_oM!at; t; t. and b. : car* pass door; $2u.
tLKOA.Vr upper 1st. C large, tunny rooms
-ar.^. bath; re n't r^aponable. I737 Page st.
_a__CR!CK. 4«-4A— ';i>*l new. eloRtn'tly dtco".
— r _:_.L 7 *'-: flsLt |> < " ;l '-'»: niod.p!aaabln3;?27 iO.
LAU5J. ;j2, n:: . r re;;.-,;, UV e.— Xew French flat,
¦ ¦ i-^"'' '' :u '•'- :> ' !Arl; ln rear -
KCOTT. _.'J. v.'.ur K«Frht— A * nTodern Cat.~"4
rocos *n<i !>a»ii- sun in every room.
eACl'.AJlEVTO. ICW. aliove Powell — A nice
Btu2un fUt. 5 ruooii _nd lato.
HELP WAWTED— MALE--Continued._
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Expert accountant, ' city.
Pressman, printing office, $18 week, city.
Feeder, $0 to $12 week. city. ;
Two janitors, cood salary.
Bookkeeper. $75.
Bright young/, man,- solicit and learn busi-
ness, 5(i to start.
Elevator boy. $6. ?
Errand boy, $0.
Grocery clerk, good salary.
I>llcat<»ss*n clerk, good salary. . \
Porter, $1 a day; stoves.
Salesman, gents' furnishings,' $75.
Ten boys, $4 to $ti\
Carpet salesman, ¦ $25 per week and commis-
sion.
Tailor. Palo Alto.
Bellbo>-.hotel.
Four errand beys. $5. |
Foreman box factory; good' salary. •
- Furcuttcr. $3 50 per day.
Champagne salesman.
Registered druggist, $75; country.
Manager, dry coods, ?150 month; boss here.
Stenographer. JIS5.
Open Saturday until 8 p. m.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' KECORD CO.,
5'J'J Hearst bide- . -
- ¦ zEE
A SPECIAL.
(See boss in our office to-day.)
10 bricklayers. S hours day *.$6 day
Free fare both ways— steamer sails Sunday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office,
42;i Bush st......64li Clay st.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ' ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOIt THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
1 LNTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND 32, 7TH
f FLOOR. 50S MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL
I MORNINGS.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave.,' room 7, lor free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings
WANTED— An Al salesman to sell Jewelry on
installments. Room 307, Bacon block, Oak-
land. - - - - ¦
BOYS of various aces for stock, cash and
wrappers. Apply Superintendent's office. The
Emporium. . ; .
WANTED — Good handy man around grocery
store; state reference; good salary. Box 990,
Call office.
BARBER wanted. 2403 Folsom St.. • near
Twentieth. - - . -
BARBER wanted. 703 Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday (day and night).
1494 Vdlencia St.. .near Twenty-sixth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
420 Broadway. •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1055 Market st, -
BARBER Saturday and Sunday. 21 East
streat.- ....... t •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1C3 Second st. ¦ ,
BARBER wanted .for Saturday and Sunday;
$<5. 131 Third st. «^.V> • .
BARB Ell wanted Saturday; $4 50. 1310 Castro
street. ¦ .- '' _- ¦- ¦ - ¦ . r ->^
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
1211 Ninth ave, Sunset. '
BARBER from Saturday- noon until Sunday
noon at 632V4 Third st.
PARBER wanted for Saturday, and Sunday.
1345 Mission st. ...
BARBER Saturday afternoon and Sunday. 1357
Dui>ont st.
BARBER wanted at 2814 Sixteenth St., cor .
Folsom. ' •
GOOD barber ¦ wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 504 >i Broadway. . ¦ .
GOOD barber from Saturday noon to Sunday
noon. 623 Clay st.
A GOOD tailor wanted for bushcllngr. 877
Suttfcr st.', near Leavenworth. •
SKIRT operators on' ladies' cloaks and suits.
XX. M. DAVIDSON & CO., 02 First st.
WANTED — - Extra -waiter and ' dishwasher.
MARTIN'S; 15 Third st. .
MBAT'cutter. Stall) 34 to '39,'. Union-nquare
MarkJi, . ., . . c jrii? .,. - .: ..'
YOUNG man to feed pony press. EDWARD
KNOWLES COMPANY, 24 Second st.
GOOD solicitcrs wanted; fine proposition; ex-
cellent pay.' Feder & Alexander, 117 Sutter.
WANTED— Man for iight work, with little
cash; steady employment. 1118 Market st.,r.l.
STRONG youne man for wholesale house;
state axe and exuertence. Box 72(3, Call.
WANTED — An errand boy at tailoring place;
Kcod wages. C03 Ellis st.
SHOEMAKER for repairing. 27 Fourth st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; steady trade.
227 Hayes st.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College, «35 j Clay et.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us fres of charge. HORD
A SMITH. 05 Third st, S. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; rend for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Hasten ave., St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant hldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, P.eno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 T,hlrd st.: 230 rooms: 25e to fiOc per night.
YOUNG enersetic men wanted • at once for
light work: guaranteed *ood pay with imme-
diate nuDortunlties for advance. 247 Fifth.
MEN and women, t learn the harbor trade;
wa«rex paid while learning. HAIGHT'S. 047
Commercial ft.
Contractors and emplayers of labor throughout
the State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. 612 Merchant St.. S: F.
TRY our men's shoes, union -made: $1 A $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, |2 90; we pay express
chanres, 11 3d ft.. Exra. bld.:or»en till 9 p. m.
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS. & _____ Sutter uu
WANTED — A responsible man: good wages;
$123 cash security required. £7 Third, r. 1*.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnlBhtd. Inquire Call office.
TWO young men to learn the barber ¦ trade.
' For particulars Inquire 731 Mission »t. '
ROOM suitable ¦ for barber Bhcp at Third and
Minna sts. Inquire at butcher shop.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where ehoes are re-
paired by machinery :s»wed sole* 10 mln;. 75c.
WANTED— Young man to learn barber- trade;
u aces paid while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR, debts collected: suits, attnehmont*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. «2S Montijy.-.r. 413.
! SAILORS ' and young ra»n isreen hands) -for
ships. HALLUERT. M7 Jackson xt.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of i
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. r
| PENSION Atty.. 'E.A.Bullis, r.40, Phelan bldg!
! Patt Qom. Ceo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 room*: 33c night: ' readlns-roonw; ;
fr^e ' bus ; and baKgage to nnd.from ferry.* ¦
ADVEnTlSEMKNTi 4 . subscription* . ri»c-lvrd »t
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church stj.
ALL sizett men's shoes, sjijjhtly daaiaRed. half
price. COT Mission *t.. bet. Is; and 2d *ti".
GET your shoes half-soled while waltlne: 23o
to Rflc. SCI -Mission ft., bet. -1st -and 2d sts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of. houses to let; send for ctr- i
cular. 5.H.UMBSEN' & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of • 10 rooms on California st. ;
¦ rent $40. Inquire at . N. W. ; cor. Mission
and. Tenth. . Cal. r Housewr«eklng Co. '¦ ¦'.
BUSH, 1225 — Upper part of , house; 5 rooms,
bath: rent $20. Apply 1223 Bush st. ¦
HOUSES TO IiST— rUBHrtSHEP.
FINE 7^roora ' furnished : flat to let -and all fur-
niture therein ; for sale, includlnsr Chickerlng
l>luno: bo?t barsain in San Francisco) owner
'* must leave at one* and sacrifices everything; ',
price complete only $5tx»;' situated on Halsht
. st. ; -' rent - of flat, f 28 30 ' per month. ; Box
: ¦ 4S83,' Call office. ; >. .* .' ,,v ¦:¦;/-'" .;.^ : -, |
OAK.419— New modern house; newly furnish-
ed; C rm-«-: bath, basement, garden and yard.
houses rTTRanggup— pom; * sale.
FOR^ sale— Furniture -of -4 V rooms; "cheap If
taken at once; rent $15. 615 Lacuna it.FRIDAY. Sept. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr. coup.. 107 107%Us q r cp new. 131% 132 1$
4s qr reg.V.106 106%|3sqr coup.'. .105 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV 6s. "— — ! Oak T Co 6s. — . 119U
Asso Oil Co. 70 701^1 Do 5s .....110^ — 1
Bay CPC 68.100 — - Do.con'.Zs. -•- 103
Cal CO' Bs. 102 102% Oceanic S 5s. — 75
Cal G & E k Om Cable 68.122 —
m & ct 6s. 81 V» 82 * Pac G Im 4s.. 95 • — -
Cal-st CrBs.112% — '; P E Ry Bs. 104*4 —
C C f TVat 5s.>— — '¦; P &CH 68.103 - —
EdL & P6S.122 - — . P & O R 6s.ll4
F,& C H 6s. — ' ¦:¦. Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s..' 85 Sac EG*R5s. 99?ilC04
H C&S 6'^s. . — . SF-&.SJV6S.118
Do 5s ....lOOH — Sierra R 6s.. 109% — "
Hon R T.6s.lO69ilO7 SiP^of • A- 6s ' -
LAiEIecCs:— — , (190B) ..:..107^4 —
LARy5s.%116. — (1010) 108H —
L AL Co 6s — ¦— SrP'of C6» .
Doigtd 6s. — ~ (1905JSr A.103V4 — '
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
The sugars continued firm, Hawaiian'advanc
ing to $G0 and Honokaa to $16. while Hutchln
son was firm at $10 t-2V6. There was some
activity In Spring: Valley Water in the after
noon at $38 7S@^9 25.
The oil and mining stocks were dull and the
latter were weak.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Claremont OU Com
pany, regular monthly, lc per chare.* amount
ing to $5000; vthe Welsbach Light Company, a
regular annual dividend of $2 per share.
The Honokaa Sugar Company has. declared
three dividends of 10 cents per share each,
payable, respectively October 1. November 1
and December . 1, 1904.
. The regular semi-annual dividend of the
Anglo-CaUfornlan Bank, Limited, payable this
month, . is at the rate of 0 per cent per an
num. . An extra dividend raised the amount
paid for the past year to 8 per cent. ',
The Calumet and Hecla Mining Company has
declared a regular > quarterly dividend .of .$10
per share, payable September 25. This is tho
third dividend - of the same ! amount 1 this . year
and brines the total sum distributed since
the mine was . first opened up to $86,350,000.
• „_
Same to W. Ellsworth Johnson, lot on S
line of Pspe street, 207 :fl E of Buchan.n.
E 30 by S 137:6; % .
Same to William Wolf, let on SW corner
of Fulton and Buchanan streets S 87:6. W
111:6. S 32:fi, W 2«, N 120. E li7:6; $ .
Frederick R. and Adona C. Townsend to
James C. Bourbln, .lot on N line of Eddy
street. 02 TV of Steiner. W 25 by N 100. and
all Intel est In lot on N line of Eddy street. 52
\V of Stelner. W 50 by N IOC; $10.
E. Avery McCarthy to Charles- Sonnta*. lot
on S line of Vallejo street. 50 E of Pierce,
E S5 by S 1.17:0: $10.
Robert and Catharine F. Currle to Caro
line Prlnz lot on N line of Grove street. 00 W
of DeviKdero. W 23:9 by N S2:6; $10.
Patrick J. Fltzsimmons to Mary K. Cald
well. lot on \V line of Broderlck street. 23
N of Ellis. N 25 by W 1C0; $10.
Frederick M. Voift (or Voight) and Theo
dore F. Veyhle to Sellna E. Lewis (wife of
DavM). lot on SW corner ot Pine and Lyon
streets, TV £7:0 by S 23: $10.:
Paul S and Anna P. Llndqulst to Jesus
M de Leon, lot on TV line of Tremont avenue.
435 S of Frederick street. S 25 by TV SO; $10.
Charles A. and Ellrabeth Mohaupt to Wil
liam Ossdorff. lot on N line of Dorland street.
114:0^ E of Church. E 21. N 160. W 24. S
157:6; $10. ' " JgSX^WfcWP
Richard P. and Irene Rlckard to James E.
Lennon. lot on TV 'line of Church street. 195
N of Sixteenth. N 50 by TV 125; $10.
Walter Tryon et. al. to Louis and Emilia
Carraine. lot on TV line of Noe street. 1C5
NoT Seventeenth, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Lawrence Reynolds to Franzirka Stocker.
lot on 'TV line of * Hampshire street. 250 S o:
Twenty-second. S 25 by W ICO: $10.
. :Mary P." Parks to Edward A. Lesser. , lot on
NTV corner of . Paclflc and Sansomo streets. N
33:10^ by W 67:8; $100.
Suns . to ume, lot on NW corner of ¦ Pacific
Frank J. McGllnchey and John H. Speck to
James Gcuch. lot on S line of Ellis street.
137 :B \V of Larkin. W 27:6 by S 120: Jlw.
Albert Meyer to Guldo J. Musto and Andrea
Sbarboro. lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
S3:8 S of Green street, S 30:7 by E 68; 510.
City and County of San Francisco to George
¦W. and Mary A. Morgan, lot on S line of Pine
strctt, 110 W of Octavia. W 27:6 by S 12U;
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER ?.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold., fl* — 1 Paymaster ... 00 C4
Columbia ... 20 21" I Pine Grove ..25 —
Esperanza ... 01 fJlQulncy 11 —
Gold Anchor. 21 23| Ray" Exten. .. — CO
Goldfleld B.. — ' 16' Ray & O'Brien — 0.M
Goldfleld Nev 75 791 Ray Tonopah. — ' 10
Goldfleld M.. — 23| Red Top 17 IS
Goldficld Ton 11 — 1 Rescue 10 11
Gold ?I Con. 01 02| Ton Belmont. . GO 61
Hnnnapah M. 25 — ! Ton * Cal... — £l>
Hazel Kirk.. 10 —I Ton Ex 1 12>i —
Jim Butler .. — 70iTon Fraction. 25 —
Little Ton .. — 5")' Ton Gold M. — IS
Lucky Tom., n.% —Ton Midway. . 30 . ."7
MacNamara . 35 3G| Ton of Nev. 7 12Vi 7 25
Mlzpah Ex .. — "'.Ton N Star.. 20 IS
Mont Ton..l 02'-'- 1 OR 1 United Ton .. — 00
N Y Ton . C3 — I West End ... 15-. —
OAKLAND, Sept. 2. — Despondent
from an uncurable illness, J. B. Cam
mozi to-day inflicted a wound on him
self that Avill fatal. He sat on
the edge of his bed at his home.' 639
Myrtle street, and blew /the left side
of his face away with a shotgun.
Neighbors who heard the shot sum
moned the police and the dying man
was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital. He is a laborer and has no
Shools His Face Away.
NORTH SYDNEY, C. B., Sept. 2.—
The American fishing schooner Samosa
was seized off this port by the Cana
dian Government cruiser Gladiator and
towed into the harbor. The captain of
the cruiser claims that the Samosa was
fishing within the three-mile limit.
The Samosa it is understood is^awned
in Duxbury, Mass., although her home
port is Plymouth.
A3IERICAN FISHING- BOAT
IS TAKEN BY CANADIANS
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLAXEOUS BOXDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Hay CPC Cs. 98Vi — S P C R 4s. — 100
B L "Wat 6s. — imi S V Co 4%«.100»i —
Cal NW 5s.. — 113 bun Tc! 6s... — 115
VC "Wat 5s.lOO - Do 5a 104 —
Fl» I Wks 5s — 105 ruttr-st R5s.lO4 —
SV Urdk 5s. — 113^ UI; of SF 4s. b4% 84%
SF & XP 5s.llOVi —
MISCELLAXEOUS STOCKS.
AU S Co... — .TO |Loni SF Bk. — «0
Amer Bis Co — 02 £ I Mat Xav Co. — 00
Cal Cot Mils SO — Xev Xat Bk.107^ —
Cal G&ECor. 45 CO X S R R Co. .»U —
C .Tcokey C1.110 — X Cal P Co. 9»4 0%
Cal lewder.. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6>i —
Ctt. Uk. Oak — ti5 I Orpheum Co.. — 15Va
Chutes Co .. — «»i PacC Cas Co.l2.*» —
Pliy &• C - 120 I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyu L Imp.. — 6?$|Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Vi nm..30C — SF Drydock. 60 —
LiniPwd pfd 75 80 I SFASJ Coal.. 17>i 20
Do com .. — 50 8 J Wat Co. 103% —
FX Bk. Oak.120 — | SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 40c C5c I Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lCS •— j Truck Elect.. 11V; —
Gas Con A.. — 2O«4| UR InC pfd. TC,% —
Hf>no P Co.. — 27%l Do com ... 14 —
Morning Session.
100 Honolulu Plantation Co 27 00 -
| $6, CCO United R R of ' SF 4 per cent. 84 50
Afternoon Session. ¦
Street —
. I21.0C0 United R R 6f S F 4 per «nt. S4 50
I California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock — '•'• i Bid. Asked.
'Alma. 50
! Apollo 45
¦Associated Trust Cert V.I 21
Aztez 55
California Standard 13 ,
Caribou 4SA '
¦ Central Point Con 60
Chicago Crude 15 •
Claremont 75 9i>
Esperanza 1 50
Four 65
Fulton 125
• Hanford 1 DO 1 OS "
.Home 1 37'i
Imperial .r 17 50
Independence 30
i Junction ..... k 04
Kern ;.A 5 Co
Kern River 12 5* 13 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Cristo 57
Occidental of W. Va 04
I Oil City Petroleum S5 56 I
Peerless 13
Reed Crude 1 50
S. F. & McKlttrick 3 00
Senator 60
Sterling 3 00..
Superior 04 ......
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 9 flO j
i Associated Bonds 60 50 72 0U
Miscellaneous —
Cal. Jockey Club 113 00
Fischer's Theater 47 '55
Honolulu Siifjar 27 00 ......
| ¦Northern Cal. Power » 25 9 62(-i
Truckee Electric 11 50 J
j • sales., •;../¦;;.:,¦ j
j Morning Session. !
' 300 Fischer's Theater 5O I
! Afternoon Session. -'
. 1000 Four Oil «<> |
50 Caribou 4 50
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRAXCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the rales on the Sin Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yestsrday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher , 21! 100 Mexican S5
BOO Bullion 24t 200 Ophir 2 3S
100 Con C & Va.l 151 ICO Overman 20
' 150 «""on C & Va.l 10! 200 Sierra Xev .. 32
200 Exchequer . . 61 1 «3fiO Union Con . . 39 .
1C0 Julia ...'. 09| 900 Yellow Jacket 17 j
Afternoon Session. .
30O BMcher ..... 221 100 Gould & Cur. 22
! f CO Caledonia ..." 00| 2C0 Mexican 85
! .V*> Oon C & Va.l 10! 100 Mexican .. 84
\_ 200 Exchequer .. Cll ICO Overman .'.'... 21
I PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 6r)} 100 Ophlr 2 37'i
I 100 Con C & V.I 12m 200 Potosl IS
1 1000 Con Imperial. 01| 100 Sierra Xev . . - 32 '
i ::00 Con NT.... 02! 200 Union ' Con . . 30
j 1C0 Exchequer ... -nil 100 Union Con .. 3S |
• Afternoon Section. j
200 Alpha 121 ICO Mexican "Sfl
500 Andes ... IS' .1W> Potosi 13,
350 Belcher 21 1 . 2C0 Utah 07 .
100 Best *. Belch.l lM 100 Yellow Jacket. 18 1
100 Con C &. Va.l'lOi 1
TOXOPAH MIXING EXCHAXGE.
Following were the- sales on the San ; Fran-,
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: |
Morning Session. g
500 Columbia ... 221,100 Mont Ton ....1 95 i
MW Ooldflold Ton. Ill tiCO Red Top ..... 17 •
SCO MacNamara . 36! 400 Rescue 10
500 MacNamara . JITJ 40CO Ton, C?old M. 18
20O Mont Ton 2 101 -30ft Ton Midway.. ¦ 37.
'000 Mont Ton.... 2 On SCO Ton Midway... 40,
100 Mont Ton.. I 97»il
j / Afternoon Session. I
1000 Brunswick .. 181 loon Mont Ton...! O2>4 ;
MOO Goldfleld Ton. 11 1 WO Mont Ton .... 1 93 .
1000 Harel Kirk.. .1-'| 300 Mont Ton ..1 87'^ I
1000 MacNamara . 3fi| 250 Mont Ton'-.. V.I M
.500 Mont-Ton... .2 00(2100 Ton Midway.. 36 j
¦•"400 Mont -Ton. ...1 05| 100 Ton of Xev.7 I2V4 !
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. 2—3 p. m.
Bld:A8k.j v ' Bid. Ask.
Alnha .. 11 121 Julia .. ... (it 10
Alta '. .^..- Oil 11 Justice ... . 00 10
Andes'....... 1« 2° Kentuck ..... — 01
Belchor ..... 21 23 Keves Graes. . 40 45
I Be*t & Belch.l 20 1 25 Ladv Wash ..' — 06
Bullion ::.... 25 27|Mexican . M 8!
Caledonia :.: fi<> 61IOccldental ... 75 P5
Challenge Con W 22! Ophir ....'....2 30 2 25
Chollar ..'.... 13 H Overman ..... 2f> ?1
Confidence ... «° «" Scorpion ..'..." 06, M
Con C A Va.1 05 1 10fSavaire .. . 10 . ?1
Con Imnerlal. ; Of 021 S*g Belcher .. 11 12
Con N Y 01 0-JI Sierra JCev . . • 31 32
Crown Point. 15 16! silver Hill .. 60 T2
Kast Sierra N 03 Wll St Louis ..-..,— 10
Eureka Con.. , — BOISvndicate .... 02 . ¦_- —
Exchequer : .-'. . «f> ,' OTI Union " Con : . . 3» ;.' . *0
Oould & Cur. 22 23! Utah * ........ 07 OS
Hale & Nore. 60 63! Yellow Jacket 18 1,8
ARRIVED.
Friday. September 2.
Stmr Shasta. Johnson, 7D hourj from Bel
llngham. bound south; put In to land pas
sengers.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. 3 hours from
Bollnas
Friday. September 2.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland. Monterey and way ports.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The bolting faction held a mass
meeting after the convention had ad
journed and Indorsed George Fitzger
ald, City Councilman from the Third
Ward, as an independent candidate
for Supervisor from the Fifth District.
G. K. Smith announced his withdraw
al from the ticket nominated to-night.
The bolters have formed a union la
bor party central club and have de
cided to name an independent ticket
on Wednesday night.
The" following County Central Com
mittee was appointed: J. T. Owen, J.
S. Philpot, W. E. Bangs, G. J. Britt,
A. Stripple, R. M. Smith, T. L. Holden,
E. W. Knox, C. G. Coe, Charles Cal
houn, E. F. O'Brien, F. M. Shav. A.
Ormsby, L. J. Noble. N. T. McNally,
Frank Arno, W. C. Allen, Paul W.
Wuthe, W. H. Sweeney. R. M. Rowe,
J. D. Kay, B. F. Calhoun. E. F. Van
Alstine, L. O. Mathews, W. F. Arm
strong. :
Purity committee— C. F. Gilmartin,
R. A. Shay, Charles Baab, J. F. Mac
dermid, George Short. ll^Jife
The Union Labor party, which at- j
tempted to hold a convention last Fri- j
day evening but was disrupted before j
the work of the evening had been ac- |
complished, met this evening: in execu
tive session, admission being by card.
There were no fights and the pro- j
gramme went through without a break. .
Paul W. Wuthe," who resigned his posl- j
tlon as chairman of the convention last j
Friday evening, resumed his place and !
presided at the meeting. Besides nom- j
Inations for Supervisors, Assemblymen j
and Senator, a county central commit
tee was appointed and a purity com
mittee.
As soon as the meeting had been
called to order A. Ormsby made a mo
tion that the convention go into exec
utive session. It was quickly seconded !
and the motion carried. The roll was
then called and the chair announced a
thirty minutes' recess, in which to i
make nominations by district conven- [
tions. Upon the reassembling of the >
convention the following nominations
were reported: For Senator from the
Fifteenth Senatorial District, George j
E. Faw; for Supervisors from the !
First. Fourth and • Fifth districts, C. !
F. Homer, also Republican nominee;
W. F. King and Theodore Neves; for
Assemblymen from the Forty-sixth, j
Forty-seventh. Forty-eighth, Forty- !
ninth. Fiftieth and Fifty-first districts, I
G. W. Beck. Victor Heck. "W. S. j
O'Brien, G. K. Smith, Hugh S. Aldrich,
A. R. Slaughter. There was no nomi
r.ation made for the Filty-second As
sembly District.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadvay, Sept. 2.
Slate for Various Officers
Is Quickly Made, Then
Carried Out as Planned
NOMINATIONS AEE MADE
Quietly Organizes and Is
sues Tickets to Executive
Session to Avoid Rows
UNION LABOR
IS IN POLITICS
Do Ktd 5s.lO3Vil05 (lf)05)Sr B.104H —
LAP lem 5s. 102 & — (1006) .....106*4 —
-Mkt-stC.Cs.114- — (ll»12) llB^ll'U
Do lem 5s.li:<V4U4HlSPC 1 eg 53.115% —
MV& MtT3s.lC2 — j Do stampd. 100^100%
NRR of CCs.lC«Vj — |B P B R Cs.133 —
Do fis ....118 — IS V Wat 6S.103;* —
N P C R 5s. — ,. 10S*il Do 4s 2dm. 100 —
X C Ry 5s.. — 112 < Do 4s 3dm. OS —
X «; P C fis. — f>9 Do g mtg4s 98% —
X S R R 5s. — 103 Stkn G&ECs. 93 —
O « L&H .Is. — 107% U G & E 5s. 105 —
l O W gtd 5s. — 100 | -:.
i WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 3A I Port Costa ... — —
Marln Co... — CO [ S V Wat Co. 39 3O'.£
i . GAS AND ELECTRIC.
' Crnt L & P. ?.*% 3%'S P G & E. 60; 8 fHi
¦ Mutual E L. 11^ 12'yiiStkn G & E. — 5Vi
j Pac L Co... 57'i — | U G & E Co. — 4-;.
! INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.3C0 — |
i ¦ ¦ . BANK STOCKS.
! Am Xtl Bk.. — 133 II, P & A — 155
Anjtlo-Cal .. 86?4 — I Mer Trust 212'^ —
; Bank of Cal.420 — I M» rch Ex.. . . 50 5CVa
' Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I
. SAVIXGS BANKS.
Ger S * L.2280 2350 I Sav & L So. . — 100 •
Hum S & I,. — — Sec Sav Bk..330 400
Mutual Sav. 1C0 — I'nlonTCo.. — —
S F Sav U.607I& — !
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 198 I Presidio — 41
Giant 62 G5 I Vlgorlt — «
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 50?; 60 Makawell C. 2S 28%
Hcnokaa S C 15% 16 Onomea S C. 28 —
Hutch S P C 10% 10-i Paauhau S C. 15*; 16
Kllauea S C. 2% 3 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127% — I Oceanic S Co. — 4
Cal F C A. fiSVilOO Pac Aux FA. 4tf —
Cal Wine A. 81 — ! Par= Co Borx.156 —
MV& MtTm. 06 — | f -ae S Tel Co.101 103
8ALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
35 California Wine Association... 81 00 j
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar C» 00 ;
50 Honokaa S Co 15 75 I
225 Honokaa S Co 10 CO
200 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 5i» i
40 Makawell, cash 2S 25
115 Makawel! 1'S 25
150 Paauhau S P Co 15 S7 Vi
$5,000 Sac Elec Gas &. Ry Cs 100 00
$10.0CO Pacific Gas Imp 4 per cent 05 00
Street —
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 00_
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 California Wine Association... SI 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar fin 73
It5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 60 00
75 Honokaa S Co 16 CO |
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 62'^
100 S F Gas & Electric, s 90 61 00
. 30 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
* 10 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 87«4
100 Spring Valley Water Co 3D CO
35 Spring Valley Water Co 39 12^
45 Spring Valley Water Co 39 2S
$5,000 CalG&EGM&CT 5s.... 81 62Va
$2,000 Spring Valley Water Co 6s.. 104 CO
$10,000 Pacific Gas Imp Co 4 per cent.. 05 00
Street —
30 Cal Fruit Canners 1 Assn 00 00
Philippine M. Henderson (owner) with Pet
t«?r3on & Persnon (contractors), architect T.
P. Ross — All work for a two-story and base
ment frame bulldinsr (two flats) on lot on 8
line of Haven street. 1C6 W of Clayton. """
25 by S 137:6; $5820.
A. J. Cl'jnle (owner* with J. G. Harney
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey — Ex
cavating, leveling, etc.. of lot on NW corner
Haixht and Fitlmore streets, 137:8 on Haljr>t
by ISO on FiMmore; $1430.
Union Tru-t Company (owners) with J. R»
Tobln (contractor), architect Clinton Day—
Lr.thi.ip. plastering, etc.. for addition to make
a ten-story building on lot on E line of Mont
gomery street. 62:tt N of Post. X 50. E 87 :&
S 25. W 25 S 25. W 62:6: $10,740.
Same owners with California Electrical
Works (contractors), architect same — Electric*!
work for same on same: $5070 41.
Golden Gate Construction Company (owner!)
¦with Western Expanded Metal and Fireprooflns;
Company (contractors), architect Henry A.
Schulze — Fireproof floors for a five-story and
basement brick warehouse building: and factory
on lot on S corner of Howard and Spear
streets. SE 137:6 by SW 137:6: $22,700.
Same owners with Cahill and Hall Elevator
Company (contractors), architect same — Two
freight elevators for same on same: $3470.
Giuseppe A. Cavagnaro to Lulgi Cavagnaro,
lot on NW corner of Bauer street and Mis
sion road. N SO by W 100, lot 14. Academy
Tract Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contract*.
Lulgi Cavagnaro to Giuseppe A. Cavagnaro.
lot on SE corner of Delaware street and N
line of Ocean House road, NE 273, SE 237. SW
237. SW 103, W 290. lots T to 9. block 28.
West End Map 17; also lot on W corner of
Huron a*enue and Nlarara etre«t, NW 10«:S
by SW 40,. lot 23, Mission-Street Railroad
Homestead Association; Ilt>.
and Sansoir.e streets. N St:4!i by W 67:6: *1O.
lunatic Stelnhart to Meyer Kuef. lot on *>
lln? ol ?.'hcntnut street. 2>M:Z E of Stockton, E
«4:-i»-'. by M 137:6; U'»
»ii:uli K. llairoM tu same. Une of S line
of « htstnut street, lJ7:t> E or Stockton. E «S:<»
by S 1:57:0; *lt>.
Estate of Wir.fletd S. Jones, by S. L. Ab
tott Jr *nd \V. U. Ji.nes. executors, to John
W. Flynn. tot on W line of Hyde street. 103:8
N of Clay. H a>:!> by W IS! :tt; »13,0U0.
Funny M. and Clarence S. Winter to Mary
A. Bttroa iwlir ot Hugh), lot on NW Une or
llarnsofl street. 125 NE of Fourth. NE 2o by
NW *»; il'>.
Isklcr anil ETthe Lipman to David Craellus.
•ot en HE line of Mir.n.i street. 10O SW ot
Seventh. SW- 25 by St; 8O; >io.
John McMahon to John K. Billington. lot
on NVV corner of Eleventh avenue and A
ttr^t. N ico by W -^i-.r,: *iu.
City and County of San Francisco to Louisa
U Juni.sou. lot en \V line ol Loua street and
NW line of Woo.l'and avenue. N «*""*¦ VV »•».
S !0:.s:. .VE 03.S1. lets 34 and 05, block D.
Sunset Heights; * . ,,..,,, _ «-
Uay District I^and Company to W UllamW.
IVafn, lot on V. line of Third avenue. IM a
of B street. S 25 by W 12<>: "iw.
Kdward Commlns to Mary Commlns. lot on
N lino or Kultcn street. 115 E ot Fcrty-slxth
avenue. E 17 :T. NE SKI* W 75. S 23O; gilt.
VlN^rt ItoM to Callr*- Schneider (wife or
Edward W.). lot on W line or Twentieth ave
nue. «3 ti of 1» street. S 25 by W I'M: $lt>.
Koman and Louise Huegrle to Charles Euler.
lot on X line of K street, 32:6 E of Ninth ave
nue. E 25 by N H»: $lu.
Same to August Euler, lot on N line or K.
street. 57:6 E of Ninth avenue. E _3 by N 10O;
Ida B. Gill to Solomon uet«. lot on SB
corner of Forty-fourth avenuo and L street.
E 32:6 b7 S 10V; $300. .
Solomon and Ucra Getz to Marsaretna
Eusch. same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Thomas Garv to FredericK sStuermer. lot en
N line of Eighteenth street and NE line o.
Danvers, E 65. N 37.50. W 79.43. SE S". lot
120, black B. Part Lane 1; j:t>.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
14
XEAX. ESTATE— CTTT— rOE^ BAM^
ONLY A FE\ • LEFT.
,125 PER E K. ixt _ r _ s .
Chclcett lots in the ExceUSor Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on »treet I
c-a<Se- dote to tine *chool: not far trom tn« I
Mitflcn-»t. electric cars: secure on« a» an .
investment and by the time ii !« psld fcr It
will have doubled in value the way prices J
have advanced during the pa«t year: buy
now before pricea become prohibitive la t.ils
rapidly W^.^ 1 ™^^
g« Montgomery «t.. r. 8. Phone Main ?..<**
SAN HATEO SX^I^ECTATEj^^^
LomTtTTaRK— On line ot San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from Mh and Market
tts ¦ outside the !»* belt and Jurt beyond
when ihe S P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoiT
will join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered : .%C-foot lots frcm «4O<> up;
terms first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month: sewer and water pipes In
frer.t of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the lots in (subdivision No. 1 were sold
in two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to eecure a lot in this desirable section on
rary tern-.«; take the electric cars and get
oflt at LOM1TA l'AKK; maps sent on appll-
SELBY. RODGEHS & CO..
Tel Main C73. 116 California *t.
X_TEN~-O FABX HEAI. ESTATE. !
f2C0 PKR acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last cf this property left; cash.
Menlo Park— A fine country tome, with
cpiendid garden and magnificent trees; well j
. built, cld-fashloned house in good condition; I
for eale at a bargain; 15 acre?, all improved. I
Fair Oaks— Land in best part of thla din- |
trlct; well t>h»ltered and wooded; in tracts of
from 4 to 25 acre*; epecial terms to those
building immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main C7S. 110 California st.
KTAIt ESTATE — COUNTRT — Tor Sale.
ALFALFA lands, nock ranches, orchard*,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly ca.ta-
'.cirues -ent Iree. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C4S Matket tt.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cent*— The Weekly Cail.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yeat.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AVSTIN"avV.. 1G2 off Polk St.. between Bush
ar-i Pine — Two housekeeping rooms and bath.
CHURCH. SOS. cur. 15th— 3 front sunny unfur-
i:i*hed rooms, with carpets, bath, ga*: reas.
BOOT, 7:»— Well furnished housekeeping
rooms; 2 or 4 gas ranges; bath and phone.
FELL 22S— Nice furnished suite housekeeping.
$14: central: bath, gas range: adults.
GOLDEN GATK ave.. 433 — Three furnished
housekeeping rocms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Nicely furnished
room*: central and reasonable. j
HAIGHT. SIS — Nicely furnished rooms for I
hov.sr keeping: sunny, yard, all conveniences, j
HOWARD, S22 — Two tulles housekeeping
rooms; also tingle.
HOWARD. S2.i— Very large frcnt rooms; gas
stove; housekeeping.
JESSIE. 533 — Clean cot bed*. 25c a night.
KENILWCRTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room tunny apartments; steam beat:cen. lot
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment?. 1340 Pine-
Sunny. furoiFh'd "-room suites; steam heat-
' ed. electric lighted; free bath*; rate* reas.
XJBP.ARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat*
ave*. — Suites and sunny anfi'r. rooms: reaa. ¦
McALLISTER. 105S — 3 tunny fur. rooms for i
hkpg.:Ka«> and coel range; air.k; bath; pho»e.
MISSION. 113 — Nicely furnished front suite
oomjilrte for housekeeping.
MISSION. 121!»— Furnished housekeeping rooms; •
• leo one tincle room: no children.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations, i
I'hrna C!ay 396. \
KIJCKTEE3CTH. "4T5. Mis*!cn warm belt— j
Nicely lurcuhed room; houjeke»ping; gas. j
nath '
OAK. 117. tSS McAllister— Kooais, complete; i
S3 to *12: can ranze. hot bath: adults. >
O'FARRELL. 7T6. nr. Larkln— 2 light, eunny. j
Urge unfur. housekpg. rooms; reasonable. j
PEARL. 13. off Market, between Valencia and j
Guerrero— Two eunny connecting hourekeep- I
ing rooms: gas range; use of kath and laun. ,
SECOND. 149 — Room* for housekeeping: nicely !
furnished: convenient to business. ;
SECOND. 212— Housekeeping rooms and others; j
r.o children: reasonabl*. J
SCOTT. 3«.«. nortlieaFt corner Page — Tw<> j
newly furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; i
take Haight-et. tar to Scott; quiet, respect- I
ablt neighborhood. :
FEVEXTH. mi— Bay-window houeeUeeping '
rooms; reasonable.
STOCKTON. 711 — Furnished rocms for house- '
keeping; Ele v*r month.
THE Vircinia. 10C5 Powell — Furnished or un-
furnifhfO tay-window suites, complete for-
hcus'keepir.p; sas range; also single.
TWO la:g«: furnlshrd rooms, alto email kitchen,
for rent fcr Mglit housekeeping; bath and
phone; Athbury Heights; fine view; refer-
ences. Box 4?5. Call.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
£T. LOL'IS. 1573 Jackscn at.— Modern 3-4-3 !
rootr.s; furn. cr unfur.; refa. Tel. East 1350.
HOOKS TO LET — Furn. and TJ&fnra.
" ' ' ¦ i
A— WOLF HOUSE, S. TV. cor. Sixth and i
Howard — Modern apartments, tingle roon:c,
etc.. frcm 25c to tl; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth et. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 &O to (10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lighte; running water In every room; 200
rcornn; 25c to SOc per night: $1 25 to 83 week.
CRAGBCRN (The), 1007 Larkln, cor. Post. —
Eunny. cicely furnished rooms; single, en
tulte. housekeeping apartments, running
water, baths: rates reasonable.
EDDY. S. corner Market and Powell — Suites and
single rooms; fine view Market-st. Illumina-
tions.
EDDY. 207 — Eunny front rooms and others;
also housekeeping; running water.
EDDY, 210— Elegant, sunny front room; also
double rooms.
EDDY. 4S2 — ESegantly furnlrhed parlor suite;
cil.fr rooms; choice location; reasonable. .
EDDY, I2S4*— Bfautlful sunny rooma. with or
without board.
ELLIS. 837— Front alcove room; aico other
sunny rooms: private family.
FELL. 251 — decastly furnlthed rooms; single
or en suite; cas, balh, phone.
I"E1^. 335— Beautiful eunny alcove room; gas;
t*.t h; modern; 910.
FREE llFt of rooms at "
ROOM RENTING AGENCY. 235 Kearny at.
FTTRNIEHED room to let. Apply at 823~m1z»"
oa et.. off Tenth.
GROVE. 214'/i. near Van Ne*s ave. — Eunny
furnished room; front parlor.
HARRISON. 784H. near Fourth— Finely ftjr-
nlshed, sunny rooms; bath; homelike; Jl
• week up.
HOWARD. 737 Vi — Manila House — Furnished
rooms with all conveniences; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1606 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: runnlnc waler: reasonable.
HYDE, 1126 — Nice, sunny Sut. room; modern
convenient**: c-ltable for one or two; reas.
MARKET. 1049 (The Palmouthi — Sunny room*
hot, cold water. ele\'ator;wladowa for parade!
MASON, J.14,rr. Putter — Eun. front room suite or
eingle; elecantly furn.; modern; reasonable.
MINNA. 110— Nice single and double rooma
to let: rent cheap.
FRANKLIN. 721, Bear O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phone
Clay P»C ¦
GEARY, liddr-Sunny front room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to * 1 25 Bight: Jl 50 to $S wlc: reading-rm.
GUERRERO. 333 — Nicely furnished larre sun-
ey room: bath, gas and phone; private fam.
HAIGHT. 218 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny,
bath, phone: all convenience-.
HARRISON. 2408H. between Twentieth and
Twenty-first — To let. sunny front room wltu
gas and bath: $C per month.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at 'low
rates; 25c to *1 day and 8125 to $5 week.
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
*ucc/ loose ani bath at reasonable prices.
BOOMS T OLE7— ""urn. and TJnfurn.
McALI.ISTKH. T.7C. near Van Nets ave —
KniKlitii Templar, rooms Rlnjrlo or tn «--ulte;
housekeeping: moiitrn flat; walking Uletanct;.
MINNA. 24.V- Fumi-hed rooms. _j
MISSION. 1G33B — Nice sunny furnished room,
with or without board: bath; grate; reason-
able.
MISSION. 27CS— Two bright furnished room*.
XOEt 677 — Large furnished room to let; sun-
ny: terms reasonable.
O<rTAVlA. 1157— Large well-furnished room for
three young men.
OCTAVIA. 1157— Well-furnished rooms; gas;
bath; phone. " >-*.-.••¦":
O'FARRKLL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
gant ; electric lightr; unfurnished offices.
PACIFIC. s:»0— To let, for the conclave, two
large, *ur.ny rooma, euitablo for four. >"-.';¦
PINE. «". near Powell — Sunny furnished
room; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reas.
POST. 217 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite, for conclave visitors; reasonable.
POWELL, 816 — Nicely furnished rooms.
POWKLU 81S. overlooking the bay — Finely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without board
POWELL. 1220, cor. Paclflc— Nice, sunny
front rooms, double and single; popular
prices: also housekeeping rooms.
EHOTWELL. eS3 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; private family. -."VT.-f
6TH. 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privileges;
also double parlors; gocd for Dr. or dentist.
STEVENSON, 635 — Sunny douMe furnished
loom fo- gentlemen.
SUTTEn. S61 — The Larcbmont, between Grant
ave. ani Stockton st. — Central, convenient;
elegant rooms for conclave week; rates 91 to
$4 cer day. Cars direct from ferry.
SUTTER. S20 — Elegcntly furnished large sunny
rooms.
TAYLOR, 21 — Fim-class suites and elngi*
rocms: steam heat, hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
TAYLOR. 024. cor. Sutter — 2 sunny front
rooms: also 2 houeekpg. rooms: reasonable.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New brick
building, finely furnished; modern; central;
rstes reasonable.
THIRD. 30S (The Mayflower) — Pleasant suny
furnished rooms: central; reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to Sl night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to ?1 50 night; $2 to J3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions, has been
opened at KON Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - "*.• ¦••
KOOMS AKP BJXARD^.
GOLDEN GATE ave.riO3lT^»C^el?frMn^Park
— Furnished front room; both: private Ger-
man family: good board S22, two $35 per mo.
MCALLISTER, 79»— Two elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board: reserved the
Knights; reasonable. • Phone Fell 1424.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with
choicest French table board: best location.
LARKIN, 840 — Room and board for gentleman.
POST. 915 — Room, with or without board.
MASON. CIjA. near Sutter — Sunny furnished
room, with or —Ithout board; private family.
HAIGHT, CO — Newly furnished double and
single rooms; good home cooking; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 621 (The Comora)— 2 or 3 superb
rooms; large grounds; best table; billiard rm.
ROOMS with board; all locat'.ocs. Pbone Clay
we..
EDDY. 112S. cpp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
runny rocms: table board; reas.; new manag.
HOWARD. 8I1A— First-class board and room,
single cr double, $5-$U wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
8fl7 California — See rooms.learn prices, try table.
CHEAPEST and be«t in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nitert Ptatep or Can»<1» one year fnr Sl.
ROOMS WANTED.
MAN and wife desire small furnished apart-
ment: Panhandle. Western or on
Hyde-st. cars; state particulars. Box S2C.
Cr.ll office.
BY lady and eon. employed during day. 2 un-
furr.lehed rooms; reasonable. M. T., 316
Laurel «t.
ROOMS wanted Immediately at
ROOM RENTING AGENCY. 235 Kearny St.
BOOM-BEgTPrd ACrEgCY.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.—
Rooms to let, with or without housekeeping,
eingle or In suites; we recommend S0O Scott,
464 Hal_-ht. 403 Halght. 1187 Ellis.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 899.
PHYSICIANS AND ST/BOEO*fS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 >4 Market St.. bet. ftth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, pkln and rertal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all dlteases of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary rt., near Leavenworth.
WONG WCO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eates cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATENTS. '
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. &32 Market *t.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th «t.. San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT tc STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, rhlpping; warehouse, G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture
hourehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEUCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3£! Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
r-atiy. 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 69, of fifty cents
i.'iOc) per share on the Issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the o'fflee of the company, rooms 202. 204 and
206 Hayward building. San Francisco, on
September 10, 1804. Transfer books close
Sept. 3. 1BO4. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec
PBOPOSAXB.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids wlli
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12, 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the .Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board In the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for ¦ the sale of ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing ¦ date
of January 1, 1904. due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1054. bearing lnttrest at the rate of
& per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona, in accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has betn approved by the Con-
gress of the United State*. Said bonds be-
ing the second Issue of the loan authorized
¦ by raid act. Interest on said bonds will
be nald seml-annually on the first day of
* January and July of each year. • and both
principal and Interest payable in'- gold coin
of the United States at the . office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A . certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the r mount bid. payable to the order of
E. 'J2. Kirkland. .Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
lany * ach bid. Failure of bidder . to make
payment in full upon allotment and tender
ct bond* will be considered a - cancellation
of ' the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and ¦ all . bids. ~ Bids
'must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, - and marked
"Preporals . for ¦ purchase of ¦' Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. 8ecrttary.
OCEAN* TRAVEL.
j^xC. /?*n. Steamers leave Broadway
/O^^^SV wharves (piers 9 and 11).
/SJ^____ >>|\ San Francisco:
/ft/SSj^'^j \"*\ For Ketchlkan. Wrangel,
I I UfeJT^& I I Junca ". Halnee. Skagway.
\ ' \~**ia* / / ' tr - Alaska— 11 h. m.. S^yi.
\ys^ Chanse to this " company's
NA»J_"2W/ steamers at Seattle.
-^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Pert Toivnsent!. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
llngham — 11 a. m., Sept. 2. 7. 12. 17, 22. 27.
Octcber 2. Change at Seattle to th!i« company's
steamers for Alaska ami G. N. Ry.; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :3O
p. rr... Sept. 1. 7, 13, 19. 23. October 1; Corona,
1:".O p. m.. Sept. 4. 10. 1C. 22, 28. October 4.
Fcr Loa Angeles (via Port Ixjs Aneeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Ro?a. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. rn.
Fcr Lc«> Angeles (via Pan Pedro and East
Fan Pedro) Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luts Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bcni'.a. 9 a. m.. Sept. 4. 12, 20, 2S. October «.
Coo» Bay. l> a. m.. Sept. 8. 16. 21. October 2.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cab", Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7tb each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or eailing dates.
TICKET O~T2*ICI!S — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace ITi.tel). 10 Market rt., and Broad-
way wharves. Txeiarlit Oflce, 10 Market st.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market et.. San Francisco. •
The Paclflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter- St., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
resid encea. Telephone Exchange 312.
GREAT REDUCTION IN RATES
First class. $40; second class. *30 and up-
ward, according to the line, steamer and ao»
commodation.
A2HXBICAI7 LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg' — South amptosu
From New York. Saturdays. 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia... Sept. 10(New York Sept. 24
Germanic Sept. 17!St. Paul Oct. t
ATLANTIC TSASTSPOKT I^ENTB.
Hew York — London Street. "-d ¦
Minneap's.Sept.lO.H amlMlnnet'ka.Sept.24,5 an
Mesaba...Sept. 17. 5> am|Minneh"a..OcL 1. 9 axa
SOMI-9TO2* I.IJTB.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea paasags.
Southwark Sept. lOfDominlon Sept. 24
Kensington Sept. 171 Vancouver Oct. 1
HOLLAIfD-AMiaiCA LTJTE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.S0O Tons.
New "York — Rotterdam, Via Boulora*.
Sailing Tuesdava at 10 a. m.
Iiyndam Sept. 13lStatendam Sept. 2T
Noordam Sept. 2O'Potsdans ...Oct. 4
EED STAB TJ3TS.
2Vew Tori — Antwerp — London — FaxtJ-
Calllng at Dover for London and Part*.
From New York Saturdays, at 10:30 a. ra.
Zeeland Sept. 101 Vaderland Sept. 2*
inland Sept. 17!Kroonland Oct. X
SPECIAL NOTICE— The large new twla
screw steamships of the Red Star lln« call as
Dover England, both east and west boqnd,
WHITE STAB UBTE^ _ %
«m York— Queena town— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Baltic... Sept. 7. 3 pm, Oceanic. Sepr. 21 3 pta
Vai'Stle Sept. 14,10 amf Arabic.Sept.23.4:30 ptu
redric Sept. 16 10 am'Teutonlc.Sept.28. 10 aa
HEW SEBVICE r»0M BOSTON.
Past Twtn-Screw Steamer*
Of 11.400 to 15.CC0 tons-
BOSton — Qu»€B.*iown. — Liverpool-
Republic (new) ............ ......September 8
rvmrie Sept. 15. Oct. 13. Not. 17
C?e?£ "...-.... - • - September 23
ntnvr' yobi ars bostok nntscT.
To the Mediterranean, Via Azores,
Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
FEO31 HEW TOBZ.
TjpPT-BL.IC.Oct. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRETIC -Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. Marca IS
r-OMANIC. .Sept. 17. Oct. 29. Dec. 1O. Jan. 23
rANOPIC /.-Oct. 9. Nov. 19. Jan. 7. B>b. 18
P D TAYLOR. Passenger A Kent Paclflo Coast.
' 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
AaaqaIaC C ATA "*"*"• wuo *- lr *
VVVUMIVwiWsWV* 0|a£CJ i3)U w UB|R _
R ~ s "SIERRA", for Honolulu. Santo*. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday Sept. 8, » p. m.
S " MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14 11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. 8ept. 17. 11 a.m.
I D SPBECIELS & BEOS. CO. . iZt*.,TiCiet 0IC8 643 Mar-
ij_ neigHt Odes 323 Market St. Pier 7. PaciHc sl
C0XPAQ5I*: SMSaM."! T-UlHaTrASTXH*.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAK13. i .
Sailing every Thursday Instead of *atf_jf_35|
eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «3tt«S£"
North P.lver. foot of Morton st.
First class to Harre. »70 and upward. Second]
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
AHA 32 Broadivay (Hudson buildtn.). N-»
York" J F FUGAZI * CO.. PaeiAo Coast
Aren't" 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco,
TI>ketV w:< hv all Ttill-oa* Ticket Agents.
To t7. S. STarr Tard ani VaUeJo.
fitznr. H. J Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot ot
Clay St.. north end ferry bids.— Week day*.
»-30 A. M-. 3 and «8 P. M.: Sundays. »;30
A M 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo — Week day*.
« ; 30 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 V. M.: Sundays. 9
P. M. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates
Sunday* to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlnea,
COc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO. Phone Main 041. 'Saturday ezcepted. . '
To 17. 3. Wavy Yard ani Vallejo.
Etmrs. General Frlsble. Montleello and Arrow
0:4ft a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. «. 8:30 p. m. (sx.3ua.);
Sundays. tt:43 a. m.. 8:3u p. m. Leave Valleia
7. 9 a.-m.. 12:30. 3:13. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Ml*-
ilca street; phone Main 1308. HATCM BRO&
WINDOWS^TO_V1EW^PABADE^_
FOR sale — Reserved seats In reviewing stand
east tide Van Ness ave., between Grove and
Fulton sts, for September 5 and (J. •'
A FINE view of parade; 305 Kearny St., corner
Bush; 11 person; call on third floor.
FINK windows reasonable ct Library building,
Vnn Xcss find Golden Gate aves.
LARGE bay window to rent for parade. 1101
Market si., room 5j.
A LARGE bay-window, the finest In the city.
1122 Market st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market St., cor. Fifth,
for viewing parade. Apply room 10, 1 Fifth.
GORE, corner Market, Powell and Eddy sts.;
large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 6.
KEARNY. 2C%— Elegant bay window, suitable
for party; also platform and seats; reas.
3 LARGE double windows, fine view; party or
single; reas. Mrs. McDowell's, 1019 Market.
3 FINE windows to view the parade; full view
of Market st. 8 Ellis st: .
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ABOUT renters — We have about 1000 new
Whites to rent at $2 per month; you can
make no mistake when you order a White,
as you get the best MWlng machine' on
earth. Visit the White Co.'s new retail
office, 915 Market et., and see the beautiful
collection of machine art work.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
Trice; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5. ?S; guaranteed; where the
dolls swing in the window. 10B1 Market at.
TO I.EASE. ¦____._
FOR lease — California Schuetzen Club Park,
near San Rafael. California. Written bids for
the lease of California Schuetzen Club Park
for five years, from December 20, 1904. will
be received up to October 1, 1904, at the of-
fice of the secretary of the California
Schuetzen Club. Park and Building Associa-
tion. O. A. Brerner. 820 Kearny st., San
Francisco, California. The form of lease
and each and all the terms and conditions,
except the amount of rent, may be seen at
the office of the secretary, and any Intending
lessee whose bid is accepted will have to
_ give satisfactory security for the perform-
' ance of the terms and conditions of the
lease. The directors reserve the right to re-
ject any and all bids. .
PHILO JACOBY. Preildent.
O. A. BREMER. Secretary.
jnrrewBiTEM and supplies. Ss
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented* repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. TOS Market.
| VIA VI.
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
brim? treatment: booklet free: write for It.
V1AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 232.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. in S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued \
retterday:
Jasper M. von Bulow, 26. 1739 Howard street,
and Mary Lucchesl, 24 1759 Howard .street.
Richard M. Sims. 29, city, and Louise F.
Bundschu. 27. city.
Thomas Rcilly. 29, 29 Freelon street, and ,
Mary Golden. 28. 73 Thirteenth street.
Bevery S. Nourse, 37. Sacramento, and Mae
T. Potter. 30, Sacramento.
Thomas F. Bell. 24. 1321 Mission street, and
Catherine T. McTasue. 10. city.
Leslie H. Collom. 21. C3t Capp street, and
Maebel M. Ettlng. 18. 35S Lexington avenue.
Antonio Parcheco. 24. 65 Jackson 6treet, and
Maria do Rozario. -«» 05 Jackson street.
John M. Loomis. 33, C2S Geary street, and
Meckie G. Eppes. 23 Memphis Tenn.
Edward J. Webb 26. 2229 Powell street, and
Lucy Scadden. 18. 473D Tehama street.
EIETHS—MAREIAOES— DEATHS, j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offlcea and be
Indorsed with the name and :esldence of per-
cons authorize- to have the ume published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement '
of the event are published once in this colucn
free of charge. . . ¦
. BORN*.
GREEN— In this city, to the wife of Henry
H. Green, a daughter.
MARRIED.
WALTER— HANRATTY— In Oakland, August
28, 1904. by the Rev. Father Butler. Edward
C. Walter and Mary J. Hanratty.
DIED.
Baldwin. Emma Hennessey. Peter
Blennerhassett. Jo- Kaiser. John
hanna Katz, Gottlieb
Brown, Charles F. McClung. John
Caroll Catherine Moore; William
Conway Ellen Nelson, James D.
Dodd. John Pape, Robert
Eustathew, Anna K. Rapelje. Malcolm B.
Farquhareon, Jessie Ryan. William I.
Green Helena Schuldt, Herman
Gregory. Amalia Schwarz. Urania
Hadley Helen Scott. Maria E.
Hamm." Sarah E. Trevitts, Susie
Heimglake. Augusta Vogel. Sigmund
Henderson, Mary A. Watson, James F.
BALDWIN— In Oakland, September 1. 19C4,
Emma beloved wife of Edward L. Bald-
win, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Plltt.
and slater of Mrs. J. P. Dleves and Mrs. \y.
D. Maxwell, a native of Nevada, aged 43
years.
BLENNERHASSETT— In this city. Septem-
ber 1 1904 Johanna , Blennerhassett. be-
loved 'wife of the late Richard Blennerhas-
sett, devoted mother of Mrs. H. E. Morton,
Mrs. Phil Hirleman. Mrs. W. J. Tlernan.
Mrs. J. J Sesnon and John, William an>»
Thomas Blennerhassett. and cousin of Mrs.
Ellen Clark, a native of County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 59 years. (Boston papers please
copy.)
ITJTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday) at 9 a. m.. from the parlors of
3 C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN — Entered Into rest. In San Anselmo,
August 31. 1904, Charles F. Brown,- dearly
beloved husband of the late Mary R. Brown,
father of Charles P. and Elwood Brown,
son of Mrs. Kate M. and the late Philip
Brown and brother of Philip. George C,
Joseph. Albert and Ida Brown, a native of
San Francisco, aged 39 years and 11 months.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 a. m.. from St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains
can be viewed to-day (Saturday) between
8 and 9 a. m. at the parlors of Valente,
Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
\ Preclta Parlor No. 187, N. S. G. W.— The
officers and members of Preclta Parlor No.
187. N. S. G. W., are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Charles
F. Brown, on Saturday morning, September
3 at 9 o'clock. By order of
CHARLES A. KEEFE, President.
CAROLL— In this city. September 2. 1904;
Catherine Caroll. beloved wife, of John D.
Caroll, and mother of James J. Caroll. Mrs.
Katie Spheitfichter and Mrs. Sarah Gibbons,
a native of Ireland aged 65 years.
ICTRemalns at the parlors of J. S. Go-
deau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Funeral no-
tice hereafter. ,.
CON WAY— In Flshermans Bay, August 2»,
1904. Ellen, beloved wife of the late John
j Conway, and mother of Walter. John P. and
James E. Conway, Mrs.*P. O'Brien. Mrs; M.
E. Peterson and Mrs. H. H. Peterson, a
native of Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 74 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 9 a, m.. from the parlors of Porter &
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary'e Cathedral, where a solemn re- v
quiem high mass will be celebrated . for the
repose of her- soul, commencing at 9:30
a. m. Interment 8t. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land. .
DODD — At Bchuetzen Park, September 1,
1904. John Dodd. a native of New York
' State, aged 81 years.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 3, 1904. at 2 p. m.. at
< the funeral parlors of Edw. Eden. San Ra-
fael. Interment San Rafael.
EUSTATHEW— In this city. September 1. 1904.
Anna K.. beloved mother ot Nick K. Eusta-
thew and Mrs.'A.'C. Claudlanos. a native of
Bratla. Roumania, .aged 60 years.
' E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the . funeral Sunday,
at 12 m.. from her - late residence, 18 Hunt
. street, off Third, between Mission and How-
. ard. thence to the Greek ' Orthodox Church,'
Seventh street, near Folsom. for services' at
1 p. in. Interment Servian Cemetery 4 by
carriage.
FARQUHARSON— In this city. September 1,'
1004,* Jessie H.. wife of David Farquharson,
James McGinn, Henry Hansen. I
james mcginn ¦ & co., v - I
Formerly -With t McGinn Bros. ' "I
Fnnersl '¦ Directors ¦ and * Embalmers— I
214 Eddy st. Tel South 676. - I
and mother of. Mary -A.. C. D. and D. F.
Farquharson, aged 70 years and 10 months.
lO'Filends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atttnd the funeral services
Sunday September 4 1904, at 1 p. -m.. at
her late residence. MOl Van Ness avenue.
Interment .private. Please omit flowers.
GREEN— In this city. September 1. 1904.
Helena, ; wife of " George tircen. mothT of
Mrs. Essie Herrmann and Lawrence. N. T.
and Christina M. . Grten, and daughter of
Uie lata Judge Lawrence Ryan, a native of
Jacksonville. Fla. aged *>2 jcars.
CXThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 . ». m. from her late
residence. It 1« Sacramento "street, thence to
St. Mary's (Paulist) Church. California ani
Duport streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celcbiatcd for the repose of her. soul
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREGOItl'— In this city September 2. ltOI,
, Amalia. beloved wife "of the late William
Gregory, mother of the late August Swaneke,
and devoted aunt of Mies Maria Kohncke, a
native of Germany, aged 71 years 8 months
and 25 days. A member of the Friends oi
the Golden Gate Verein and German Ladies'
Benevolent Society, g
CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday).- at 2:30 p. m., from her late resi-
dence 43-1 Golden Gate avenue, between
Larkln and Polk streets, where services will
be held under the auspices of the Friend*
of the Golden Gate Verein. Cremation I. O.
O.' F. Cemetery.
HADLEY— In this city September 1, 1904,
Helen, beloved' wife of Charles W. Hadley.
and dearly beloved mother of Georgette M.
Hadley.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
her late residence. 913 Hyde street.
HAMM— In this city. September 1. 1904. Sarah
E. Hamm. beloved mother of Louts J. Hamm,
a native of ¦ Maine, aged 82 years 9 months
and 0 days.
CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 3:30 p. m., from the chapel
of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -.; '¦:¦ : -,
HEIMGLAKE— In this city September 1.
10(54 Augusta C. 'Helmglake.' beloved mother
of Mrs. S. \V. Bonds, Mio. Helea Hagcrty, A.
H. Baker. Henry H. Baker. Miss Dora Baker
and G. W. Baker, a native of Germany, aged
til years 0 months and 24 days.
HENDERSON— In Eureka. Cal.. September 1,
1004, Mary A., wife of George Henderson,
and mother of Isabell S. Henderson, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged &3 years 7
months and 24 days.
ITT'Funeral notice hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Clark &, Booth, 612-614 Van
' Ness avenue, between Golden Gate avenue
and Turk street.
HENNESSEY— In this city. September 2. 1904.
Peter, beloved husband of Catherine Hen-
nessey, and father of William J. and Ed-
ward Hennessey and Mrs. Howard Nowell,
a native of Ireland, aged 82 years 7 months
arid 10 days.
E7"Funeral notice hereafter.
KAISER— In this city. August 31. 1901. John
Kaiser, beloved husband of Frederlcke
Kaiser, father of William F., Charles A. and
Emma Kaiser, Mrs. G. H. Burfeind and
Mrt. C. 1*. Lemoge, and grandfather of
Freda anil Willie Kaiser and Ludle Bur- '
feind. a native of- Wurtemberg. Germany, '
aged 63 years 6 month* and 20 day*. A
member of Verein Elntracht, Germania !
Lodge No. 7, O. d. H. S.. and Cooks' A1H- I
ance. Local No. 44. j
BV Fri ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. September 3. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.,
at his late residence. 1713 Mason street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.,
KATZ— In this city, September 2. 1904, Gott-
lieb, dearly beloved husband of Ernestine
Katz. devoted father of Lena, Freddie Liz- |
zlc and Sophie Katz. and brother of Chris- :
tlan and Albert Katz, a native of Wurtem- i
berg. Germany, aged 49 years 4 months and
27 days. ;
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Sunday), at 3 p. m.. from the parlors of I
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, bi-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services j
will be held under the auspices of the San :
Franci«co Schwaben Verein. Cremation I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. i
McCLUNG— In this city, August 28, 1904, John I
McClung, husband of Eliza C. McClung, ana !
father of Margaret, Clara and John H. Me- '
Clung, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland. I
a eed 70 years. (Toronto papers please copy.) \
MOORE— In this city, September 2 1904, Wll- ¦
Ham. beloved son of the late James and
Johanna Moore, and brother of Mrs. James
Hopkins. Dennis Moore and the late Mrs. :
Thomas Bolton and James Moore, a native ,
of San Francisco, aged 37 years. :
NELSON— In this city. August 31. 19O4./James
D.. beloved husband of Mrs. C. Nelson, a
native of Portland. Me., aged 48 years 5
months and 11 days ¦ A member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64: California Circle No. 178:
Choppers' Friendship Club No. 1. Woodmen
of the World; Altahmos Tribe No. S7. Im-
proved Order of Red Men, and State of
Maine Association of California.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday).-- at 12 m... at^hts late
residence. 1017 Geary street, between Polk
and Van Ness avenue, under the- auspices
of Golden Gate Camp No. 64 and Choppers*
Friendship Club No. 1, Woodmen of the
World. Interment Holy Cross Cemttsry by
carriage.
PAPE — In this city, September. 2, 1904 Robert
Papc. a native of Germany, aged SO Vears.
RAPELJE— In this city. September 2, 1904,
Malcolm B. beloved husband of Louisa Ka-
pelje, father of Hiram B. Rapelje. and
brother of Hiram L. Rapelje, a native of
Canada aged 49 years and 3 months.
RYAN— In this city. September 1. 1904. Wil-
liam I.. Ryan, belqved son of Elizabeth ani
the late T. C. Ryan, and brother of Thomas
J.. Frank. George H.. Katherlne M., Eliza-
beth H. and Fannie E. Ryan and Mrs. Mar-
garet Tojette. a native of San Francisco.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 a. m., from the residence of
his mother. 924 FUlmore street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHULDT— Near San Mateo. September 2.
1904, Herman Schuldt, husband of Fannie
Schuldt., and father of Elizabeth and Chi is-
tian Schuldt, a native of Germany, aged GS
years.
ICyFuneral will take place Sunday, Sep-
tember 4. leaving San Mateo at 12:20 p. m.
Services at Odd Fellows' Hall. San Fran-
cisco, under the auspices of California Lodge
No. 1, I. O. O. F.
SCHWARZ— In this city. September 1. 1904.
Urania, beloved wife of the late Gottlob
Sehwarz of Durango, Colo., and sister of
Natalie Witt, a native of Prussia. Germany,
aged 61 years and 7 months.
SCOTT— In West Berkeley. September 2. 1904.
Maria E.. beloved wife of W. G. Scott and
mother of Harry W. and Howard M. Scott,
a native of Baltimore. Md., aged 63 years
8 months and 21 days.
TREVITTS— In Oakland. September /, 1904,
Susie, wife of George E. Trevitts,. and
daughter of Martha and the late Albert W.
Stone, a native of California.
(ETFuneral services Sunday. September 4.
1904. at 11 a. m.. at the residence of her
mother. Alamo. Contra Costa County, Cal.
VOGEL— In Frultvale, at the German Alten-
heim, September 1. 1904. Sigmund Vogel. a
native of Germany, aged 80 years 3 months
and 10 days.
0-7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 3 p. m.. at the par-
lors of Henry Even, 885 Washington street
Oakland. Cremation at the Oakland Crema-
•torlum.
WATSON— In this* city. September 2, 1B0I.
at 2119A Howard street. James Francis Wat-
son, beloved husband of Amelia Watson a
native of Athlone. Ireland, aged 46 years 1
month and 29 days. f^T* "/¦
IE7" Notice of funeral hereafter.STOCK MAEKET.
, CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— Cash quotation* were
as : follows : ..- Flour, dull .- and steady; No --¦ 2
sr-ring wheat. $1 10*81 14: No. 3, $1.02@l 12% ;
No. 2 red, t $l 08<S1.10;,'No.-2 corn.63%c: No.
2 . yellow. 1 t.'*Uc; No. 2'oats, 31%@31T4e; No: 2
whlte.< 33'%®34c; No.. 3 white, 32%@33%c: No.
2 rye. 73@73%c; fair.' to choice malting barley,
45® 62c; '-No.' 1 'flaxseed $1 19; ¦ No. - 1 North
western, $1 28; mes» pork, per bbl.'$11®1112%
lard, -per 100 lbs --$6 96®« 87%; short riba
side* (loose). $7. 12%@7 25;: short clear sides
(boxed)," $8 25®8 50; * whisky, basis of hlgb
Cash Grain and Provisions:
Flour, qr sks . . S.9O9! Wool, bales .... . 79
Wheat, ctls .... lft. CW' Feed, ska ICO
Barley, etla 85, 42o Shorts ska .... 200
Oats ctls 1.35a, Hidea. No 1,'*-*
Beans, sks ..... 40' Pelts. No. ...;. lsi
Potatoes, sks .. 2.217! Tallow, ctls .... xt
Onions, sks ... 27 Leather, rolls- .. M
Bran, sks 70<> Lime, bb's .... 81
Middlings, sks..- 150 Wine, gals .... 60.000
Hav. tans .1.122! Brandy, gala ... 50O
Straw, tons ....' < 3|
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls .... »«3|Wool. bales ... 97
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2.
Receipts of Produce.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80©
6 10 usual terms;. Bakers' Extras. $4 7fl®5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S504 25
per bbl. ¦ • ¦ " • •
¦ MILLSTUFFS-^Prlcea" In packages are as
follows : Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour/ $3; Rye Meal,; $2 75; , Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 60; extra cream do. ° $3 60;
Oat Meal $:> 75: Oat Groat*. $4; : Hominy.
$3 60(33 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; > Farina $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $G 6007 P0; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. : $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 60: Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
The situation remains - unchanged both here
and in the East. Trade Is still quiet. .' ;
.CURED, MEATS — Bacon, lie per ' lb" for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra - light and 17c for sugar
cured: dry salt Sides. lOUc; Bellies. 11 He;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $10®10 50 per
bbl: extra Mees. $11©11 60; Family $12®12 50:
prime Mees Pork. $14 50;- extra 'clear. $24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 0%c: Pig Pork.
?2tt; Pigs' Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound ' and 9%c. for. pure; half-barrels,
pure. fi%c; 10-ib tins. 10Uc; 5-lb tins. 10%c;
3-lb tins. 10%c. ' . . - -
-' COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%e; three
half barrels. SHc; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7%e per lb. •-,
Provisions.
¦ NEW YORK, S*pt. 2. — Considering the ap
proach cf th«» triple holiday and Increased ex
c)t*m»nt In cotton, the i*ock market to-day
rrRe-cted unlocked for actJ\i;y and strength.
The v>lur-e of trading was net much lei>«
•.ban '.hat of the previous rtay. and the spec
ulstfve e!»rn<>nt hesitated ?»> take the short
*ide. Then* was further active overinr In
a nurr.lwr of i*Mjes. chiefly I.'nited Btates Fte*l
l>rt Tf-rrM. whi<h. tcgether with the common
iiot-lc. advanced to n new hi{ii level for the
• •i-e-ent moveinent. Unljn I'aciflc was bought
>r« 'h»- belief ;hat the return of a prominent
•tcietu In that nroperty would Boon b» fol-
by fur her upward movement. There
Vss s«-.m» reaction In the ortemonn. but this
yw offset hy rains in standard incurs. The
¦~r*nV. la c?tt on and the tremendous celling
« that ftsr>le without effect on i.rtt*s of
«-aa ccaeldered a rood omen. The
t\'*\n? was active and stror.c
T.v bond market reflected the strength of
#tf>ck«. Total «s!es <r>ar value). $7,670,000.
•n njnst etiscntlals there has been little
*a&ns>- <5urlns the week In the character of
condition* onlculated to «-xort an Influence
on »h» stock market. The public's attitude
tor.-tnl the market con«ir,u?s pessive. althougn
?1 Koree QuarterB a somewhat better commis
fjen b-«ineEs was reported. The kerocte of
cn« oc'.wf Jn a further advance eo penerally
held by the rrofeeslonaJ clique* and their
S<vio«-crs ha« been the absence of any eeri-
New York Stock Market:
Sterling exchange — Easy, with actual bust
n'f* in bankers' bill* at $4.S?30&4.S7S5 for de
mand and at *4.847O^l.g475 for sixty day
Mil*. .'•*¦•> t -
Pcwt.wl rares-44 S5Vs«i4 »»SH.
•Tcnrmercial hills— J4 84>s.
Bar silver — 67i*c.
%'¦:.#-. '. ¦¦.'..•rr — iT, ! ,c.
Government bond*, steady; railroad bonds.
NEW YORK. Pept. 2. — Clew: Money on
call — Uasy at ISl^i per cent; closing bid. %
per <ent: ofTfLred, 1 per cent.
Time loarf— Easy and dull. Sixty day*. 2
per cent: ninety days. 24 per cent; six
month*. 314 per cent.
I'rinie mercantile paper — 3?s@"4 per cent.
New York Moncv Market.
HONEY — Comb, llij-ffl.ic for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 3%0
6>ic: light amber extracted. 5@Cc; dark. Z&
4Uc. .
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%«9%c for
Royals and<9®12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
5%®7c; Peaches. 6@8c per lb: Pears. 6@10c;
Plums., pitted. 6@6%c for black. 7%@8%c for
red and 7@3%c for yellow; Figs. 2-crowa
bricks.. &2V-jc; 3-crown. 66c: 4-crown. 65c; 6
crown. 75c; bulk white. 3'i@3%c; black. 4c.
Evaporated Apples. 6%07>4c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%®2c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to chance without notice) are as fol
lows: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown.
3c; 5-crown. 2',4c: Malaga, loose. 3-crown,
2%c; . 2-crown. 2V*c: seedless Sultanas Sc;
seedless Muscatels. 2»ic: Seeded Raisins. 16-oz
cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4c: 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c; choice. 8>ic . per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts No. 1 softshell, 13%@Hc;
No. ,2. UVi€fl2c: No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. llgimc: Almonds, 16@17c for new
Nonpareil*. U&Ulic ttr 1 X L, 13©14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc: Pea
nuts, tji&7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11613c; Co
coanuts. $4 50(35. ' .
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
8UGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6 25c ;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulatxi. 6.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 8c: Dry Granulated coar*e.
6c; Fruit Granulated. Cc; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 8.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C. 5.40c: "D." 5.30c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50- Ib
bags: 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
ban-els. 6.60c; boxes, 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal
Domino*. 9c per "- . No orders taken for less
than seventy- five barrel* or tu equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7HO
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7V4©7%e. acc'ordlBjf
to quantity.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In casea. 19%c; Astral. 19>4o;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine 28c; Eo
cene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline In bulk.
l«Jc; in cases. Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in
cases. 19 He; 86- degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add 5c; Linseed, 67e per gallon for boiled, and
65c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10Q1 12: Lucol 60a tor
boiled and . 48c for raw; China. Nut case*.
65<§S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, In 'barrels.
S8c for Ceylon and 53c for Australian; tx'tra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whats
Oil. 57c: natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard OIL 75c; No. 1 Lard OIL 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatafoot Oil
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint /Oil 33c ; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS— Grain' Bags, $5 15#5 25: San Ones
tin. $4 75: Wool Bags. 30@32c: Fleece Twine,
7%c: Fruit Bags, 6%®7Ho for whlto tad 70
for brown Jute. ,
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $« 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. *7r Coo* Bay.
$5 50; Richmond.- $7 60: Cumberland, $13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania- An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13-
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $9 per ' ton:
Coke. $11 50® 13 per ton in bulk and $13 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions $3 50 per
short ton.
General Merchandise.
Continued wet weather In the Northwest
caused firmneit In wheat at t.ie opening, De
cember being up a shade to MQ%c. at $1 C9Vs
to $1 00%. - Foreign grain markets, however,
failed to respond to the strength manifested
[ here yesterday, and this indifference soon made
itself, felt among pit traders nere. 'After the
initial advance there was considerable profit
taking, which quickly dlfsipated all the open
ing' gains. A noticeable feature of trading
was the smaller- volume of, business. Several
prominent longs were -moderate sellers and
there was also fair selling by smaller holders.
Th.« !»*ort session -of the Hoard of Trade to
day followed by a' holiday was responsible for
some of the selling pressure. The market
was further, weakened; later In the day by a
revised estimate of the tota; yield of wheat
for Minnesota and the Dakotas, made by a well
known Minneapolis croD exoert, whoso figures
showed it slight increase in the crop com
pared with h previous statement. Accord
ing to this authority, the total yield of the
three States would approximate ¦ 137,000,000
bushels. The fact that country elevator stocks
In the Northwe/it were increasing also had
a depressing Influence. ¦ A report of . a .St.
Louit; trade jaurnal statin? that the weather
in the Southwest was favorable for fall seed
ing wai another ' bear factor. The market
continued weak the remainder of the day, the
close beinx at the low > point, with December
at $1 07%.
Sentiment in the corn pit was affected by
large local and primary receipts. December
opened H@i,ic higher, at -527,0 tOj52?4c, de
clined to 61%c and closed at 51%@32e.
Trading in oats was exceedingly quiet,".De
cember opened a shade lower to higher, at
;;:¦;?; o to S'l%c, sold off; to 3314c and closed
at 33«ic. :..¦
. Provisions were weak, largely . as a result
.of lack of demand, trading in hog products
being. almont at a standstill. The decline in
grains also had some. effect. May pork closed
22&C lower, lard was down 2«4®5c and ribs
were .of 10c. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. • Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
September,, old. 1 08V4 1 08^ 1 07&. 1-O796
September., new. 1 07 1 07 I 05V4 1 05H
December : 1 09% 1 C0% l 07% 1 07ft
May .....;' v .... 1 11%'- 1 11% 1 09% 1 00%
¦ Corn. No. 2 — . - '. : . .
September .....'• '64 " 54 . 53V* -63%
December ..... 62% ; 52% .51% . 62.
May . ....... 50% ...50%. . 49% 495,
- Oats. No. 2 — .
September .....I 1 32% 32% 31% 31%
December . .33%. .33% 33Vi. 33%
May ....:...... 30%-'-'38%-- 35% 35%
¦ Mess pork, per bbl — ,
September . ...:il 15- ' 11 15 11 00 1100
October '."11 30 .1130 11 07^4 11 10
January ... ....12 72»4 12.72t* 12 57& 12 60
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September ..... 7 02% .7 024 6 95 6 95 %
October ....7 15 7 17^ 7 02% 7 10
January, ....... 7 20 ,7. 22H, 7 15 7 15
-Short rib*, per 100 lbs— . . ¦-. ¦"- ¦-,,,-
September .... .-7 SO 7 30 7 ; 17>4 7 17 ti
October:. .V....-7 42K£7'47*i 7 32% 7 32%
January ..-v v .. 6 70 .6 70 0 60 6 60
CHICAGO. SeDt. 2. — Unresponsive and bear
ish crop advices resulted in a setback in wheat
prices here to-day, the December option clos
ing with a loss of l%<gl^c.~ Corn was down
Vj®%c. Oats showed a loss of Provl
sionB declined 2 Vic. to- 10c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CASH WHEAT. ' . - '
California Club. $1 40^1 tf%; California
White Australian. $t 55&1 HlViJ Northern
Club. $1 40@l 4S«4; Northern Bluestem. $1 52 4
<gl CO per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 50 tf $1.50»4 $1 4O?4 $1 49U
2 p. m. Session. " ¦
. Open. High. Low. Clo»e.
December ...$1 40U $1 49V4 $1 4S*i $148%
BARLEY — Futures' were fractionally lower,
with considerable selling, j The cash grain
remained as before, but the demand was slow
and the tone of the market was easier.
CASH BARLEY. " '
Feed $1 05<$l 08%; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%®1 17&; Chevalier. $1 17^©1 30
P£T Ct ' FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
¦ ; • :•' . *. Open. High. ; Low. Close.
December ...$1 00% $1 00?, $1 09 $1 09
2 p. m: Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 00 $1 00>, $1 09 . $1 00
OATS— Receipts arc becoming ' somewhat
larger, and as the ' demand is -quiet offcrlnga
on 'Change arc more numerous, but holders
are firm and prices continue steady.
White $1 37^®1 47H: Surprise. $1 60@l 60;
Red. $1 22V4C1 42% for feed and $1 37H@
MT4 for «eed; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 60® 1 65 for seed.
CORN — The market continues quiet and fea
tureless at- unchanged quotations.-
Western sacked. $1 45®1 50 for Yellow and
White and $1 45@l 47'.j for Mixed ;< California
large Yellow. $1 50Q1 57%; small round do.
$1 55#1 62H: White, nominal: Egyptian. $135
01 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for - Brown.
< RYE— Quotable at $1 25@1 SO per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
. Flour and Millstuffs.
Exchange and Bullion.
Domestic Exchange Is slightly lower again.
Otherwise there Is nothing new.
LOCAL. j
-Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 $5
Sterling Exchange. Bight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables. — 4 89
New -York Exchange, sight — 05
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — . 074
Silver, per ounce — 57Vs
Mexican Dollars — -45
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Serlin on London '. 20,45%
Paris on London .26.25
Wheat and Other Grains. ¦
WHEAT— The French markets were firm,
with higher futures. The , English markets
were not materially changed.
Chicago was lower. Chicago wires to E. F.
Hutton & Co. said: - • •
'"All the grain exchanges will be open to
morrow. Minneapolis says: Here is Septem
ber 1 and there are still acres and acres of
Wheat in the Northern Dakotas and most of
Canada that are still uncut. Raining all over
the three States. Looks as if we would get
what we had last year and year before, a wet
harvest. Jones figures by States as follows:
Minnesota, 65.000.00U bushels: North Dakota,
45.000,000; South Dakota. 27.000,000. making
137.COO.000 for the three States. The Modern
Miller says: Excellent weather continues for
seeding ot winter Wheat. The soil is In fine
condition nearly everywhere to give the Wheat
plant a good start thia fall. The prospects are
for a larger acreage owing to the high prices
prevailing at present. The marketing of this
year's Wheat continues -ifree. but the. quality
of grain is unusually low in test weight.
Farmers are holding much of their choice
Wheat In granaries for higher prices."
In this market there was a drop of 2%o In
futures, caused by a selling fever among. some
overbought bulls, who unloaded their holdings
owing to the Chicago decline. The cash grain
showed no further change.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4V4c; 130 lbs and under 4& c -
OTer 250 lbs. 4Uc; soft Hogs, not wanted-
Sow*. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off"
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tlons.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steera, 7 1 4©7y,c; Cows and
Heifers. 5%(§64c; thin Cows. 4$3c per lb,
CALVES — 4@4He per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3H©3«4c; Ewes. 3G3Uo
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50®2 75 per head. >.>:"i:.. ;
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 537c for Steers and 485c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6@Sc; small. 8®9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7Hc; -Ewes, &370
per lb.
LAMB— S4®9c per lb. > -
FORK— Dressed Hogs. 6®3c per lb.
.: -". - _ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The supply and demand about balance and
the market shows no change.
Meat Market.
APPLES— $1 10©l SO per box for fancy 8«c
ii$l for choice and 50@75c for common; Crab
Apples, nominal.
PEARS — Bartletts. $1©1 25 per box; Winter
Nellis. $1@1 25; other winter varieties. 5Og75c
PEACHES— Small boxes. 50@75c; carrier*.
40ft tiOc; .open boxes. $1 2501 75 for large and
*5(&85c for small.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— C0®85c . per crata
and S5@50c per small box; open boxes. 73c@$l.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
QUINCES— 35650c per box.
FIGS — Black. 35©60c for small and 75ct?$l
for large boxes; White. 25@40c per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 76c@$l 50 per erate;
Nutmeg Melons. 35<gfl0c per box; Watermelon*.
$2 5C#r: per dozen lor extra large and $1 25@2
for ordinary.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seed
less 4C@50c; Tokay. 65@«Oc; Muscat. 50@75c:
Isabella, 75c@$l: Black, 30@60c. Large open
boxes— Black. t!0@S5c; Tokay, ft 25® 1 60;
•Muscat 85c®$l 25; Sweetwater. 65@S5c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 60©-' 75 per
box for Valenclas; Lemons. $2 25Q2 75 for
fancy $1 26@1 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for
standard; Grape Fruit, $2®3; Mexican Limes.
$1 DO'S 5 per case; Bananas, $1 25Q2 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 23 for
Hawaiian:. Pineapples. $204 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— «2 6O®3 50 per chest for
large varieties and $lfi'> for small Berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@2 50 per chest for or
dinary and $¦;&.'> 50 for Santa Cruz Berries.
RASPBERRIES— $€(88 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8U9c per lb.
Trade in the fruit market was much quieter
than at any time during the past week, but
steady prices ruled for most descriptions of
orchard fruits, as stocks were none too heavy
and dealers were expecting a good demand for
the extra Sunday trade. Quinces and Figs
were plentiful and weak, but other tree fruits
.stood as previously quoted and occasional sales
of fine Plums and Prunes In small shipping
packages were reported at a slight advance
over the outside quotation. Table Grapes were
abundant and weak for general offerings. Wine
Grapes attracted but little attention and there
were about eight carloads lying around the
market. Occasional sales of Antioch stock
were reported at $18 per ton. while Fresno
lots found a few buyers at $14@15. Berrie«
and Melons were in fair request and the
former cleaned up well. A carload of extra
large selected Watermelons came In from
Fresno. They averaged about 40 pounds each
in weight and met with a good demand at 60??
75c each. ¦ '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Iron closed at 61s 9d in Glasgow and at
43s In Middlesboro. The local Iron market Is
quiet. No. 1 foundry Northern, $13 75®14 23;
No. 2 foundry Northern, $13 2.VS13 75: No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft, *l3 50@13 75.
A uniform cut of $5 a ton on all eteel tubing
was decided on at a meeting of the steel
tube pool to-day.
*__ ! — : *
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Lead advanced to £11 13b 9d for spoV In
the London market, but remained' unchanged
locally at ?4 2004 30.
Spelter was unchanged in both markets, clos
ing at 3©5Hc locally and at £22 15a in Lon
don. " •
NEW YORK, Sept.- 2.— Tin continued I to
phuw firmness 'in" London.' closing at; £124
is t$d for. spot and £124 17s (id for futures.
Locally, however, the market showed . a re
actionary tendency, with spot held at $27 12 >i
(§27* 25. .
Copper was unchanged to a shade lower
in London, with spot dcsiri* at Jl67 and fu
tures at £57 2s 6<J. Locally the price was
unchanged, lake beln* held at $12 62«4®12 75:
electrolytic at fl2 5Ogl2 75 and casting at
$12 .TTiAfllS 50. '~- '
New York Metal Market.
Wall-street i tps.
Xl tetstens r-t th« New Tork Stock. Cotton
tad Coffee exchange* will be held today nor
•n Mondav ntxt. Labor day. The London
Jf'-k rxcharge vrVA be closed to-day.
Th» N*-w Yotk wires cf E. F. Hutton *
3ft. yostcrdsy vx\3 :
STOCKS— TTie market l« still an advancing
m;*. Pretty much the whole list shows «n
ir-.provement. Idle nrney is etill taking the
roofl dividend paying stocks and that the
roeulating rublic in roming In is fhnwn by
ht advaccing activity and the advancing
->r!-*« fcr non-divMrnd ray*rs. The Govern-
TMrrjt rrpcrt «>n the cottrn cros • was quite
'svoraM* ar.4 hf!j>ed the market. Bullish
-nfidrnce' ani Efntiment in T\'al1 street is
>«rly on the inor»-«fe. It has barely started.
:t t* a etrrr^; market, with a higher tendency,
t* Quite orUmiftic and there is a
veling "f th* rr<»ate« oonfi<J*nce in the abll
ty of th» corttrollinr force* to maintain the
¦tron#r un4ertr<ne. London has become more
nterr-fte'i 'n American securities and interna
l^naJ houiws r»-Dort larr* orders from several
r »relgn cour.tri<^=. This is a rood feature and
»:1I b* cr.eourarea. Favorable crop weather
or.tSr.urs anfl the harvesting goes merrily
in. ' ..
(-OTT0N — The Government report «f conai
ioe* i» cf 84.1. compared with 91.6 for July
in.l 61 2 I»st year. This makes the oondi
,, n of Texa» * 77. which *»f much better
•¦s.1 +xx>e<i*<i. a* rrpcrts from that Ptate
¦how a rreat falling off had taken place.
Thf weather In the South for to-day and
•-m<-rmw is predicted fair, with tempera
-ur-?* ranging from VO to 100 at different
Mitnta As »iate<l before, we must not over
ivk the weekly report issued Tuesday laet.
>!-.(!) wa* of trmtt bullish character. N\ e aU«
Mn some additional report* of daxnaee. The
v^uon njarket now seems to be pretty well
wwd uo and the future course of prices
»'.ll dejiend to a great extent on the weather
••rvittiont during the ensuing month. On the
r ace nf th« Government's figures there is still
11 crob»b»!lty that the crop may excerl the
]r»viou!> r*tor4n of 11.2^5.<>00 baies. produced
\m IW7 and l^^ tt . a* the acreage is> larcer by
;» i*r c*r.t than in cither of those year«.
nmi the »re«r.t condition if ab-?ut five pointf
It muFt l>» remembered, however, that
'he crcti ha* suffered further deterioration
fin-o August 25. the date t-^ which the r'l»rt
«-as comuiiod. and that the weather condi
mt* thniuffhout the month will have to be
\er>- favorable for the proper development ol.
the top erej*.
fit* Lumber Trade.
Pacific Cna5t Wood and Itch Kay?:
The ususl normal monthly slump for July
has= not fully l«-r-n dissipated, but September
will probably Tick up the betterment that i«
¦ moirmed. July is always a weak month
anfl Augaft sMmf to have porf-e^ff-d a slighter
run of evidences along the same line. Prices
in both the pine* ar.d redwood are tetter,
with a prowing improvement In demand. In
thp pine circles the base rate of $12 is being
maintained, whii-h means an improvement of
nearly $* in the better grades. Building is
active and the general tone of the market
is far healthier than in July, although not
fo strons as In August of last yesr.
The pir.e mill owners of the Pacific North
v**5t ir.et in Tecoma on the 27th and agreed
that it would be for the be?t interests of the
manufacturers to cut down the output. Th*
result was that the owners agreed almost
Rf a whole to operate five out of six days and
ieesen th* number cf working hours.
•~"dar shingles are fairly artive, with ex
r»l!ent prospect* or betterment. The mills
ar» active in their output efforts and the
Eastern and Coast orders should materially
lacnsM <iuring September.
Redwood shingles are string through the
rffortt of the association, which is ever an
improving clement In the market conditions
of California. The more important non-mem
h«-rs are etronply considering the advisability
r>f entering th«-lr names on the roll and If this
if done the effect upon the general shingle
F-.tuaticn will be most beneficial. Prices re
main strong though stationary, while the
Eastern ar.d local calls for the mill products
hrf gradually demonstrating the fact that the
redwood #hirxle 's popular all over the world.
Redwood mill products are active and there
f'-tr.s to be a generally better feeling on the
part cf the manufacturer*. Jobbers and re
t a Hern. The dealer* are holding closer to
the 15 price list and this means that trade
is rrowlng etronger ar.d more encouraging. All
In all. the lumber rituatlon Is far more nor
mal and healthy than In July. &nd Septem
ber premises rtl'.l further and more durable
betterment.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The collection* cf Internal revenue in th«
Fan Francisco district tn August, 1004, were
t» follows: . , •
L'.«s J3.4CS SI
Beer R7.O44 50
Grain rpints 73.S12 64
Fruit rplr'.t« 32.166 31
Experts 7 40
Cigar* and cigarette* 22.339 14
Tr.hacpo ..'. 1.SS7 40
Fpeeial taxes 13,772 53
Piaylng cards 13 00
Documentary rtsmps 43 50
Total $234,116 89
In Auiro«t, 1003. the collections were $194.
'¦¦:•'. e gainst $291,332 during the same month
19 1P02.
i EASTERN MARKETS. |
Foreign Futures.
¦ • LIVERPOOL. "
Wheat— Sept Dec.
Opening 7 4 7 6
Closing • 73% 75%
PARIS. -
Wheat— . Sept. • Jan.-Apl.
Opening r 22 5° . 24 J5 .
Closing ....22 60 24 16
• Flour —
Opening 30 45 3175
Closing .t 30 55 v 31 So
St. Louis Wool Market. «
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2. — WOOL— Steady: me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 20{|26c;
light fine. 16®20c; heavy fine. 12@16c; tub
washed, 22@23c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. '_•.— WHEAT— Shipping—
WaIJa Walla. 79c: bluestem, 82c; valley, We.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 2. — WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 83c; club, 78c. '
'Northern Business.
' SEATTLE. Sept. 2.— Clearings, $735,633;
balances, $135,214.
TACOMA. Sept. 2.— Clearings, $333,995;
balances. 516.102.
PORTLAND. Sept. 2.— Clearings, $509,400;
balances, $42,390. .. ¦-
SPOKANE, s Sept. 2.— Clearings; $362,874;
balances, $05,446.
* »
I LOCAL MARKETS. |
poor, and buyern are waiting for the better
grades, which will not appear for a week or
two yet.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for light:
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip.' 0%c: Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hide*. 16%o: dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 23({>
40c each: short Wool, 40«365c each: medium.
75(trOOc: long Wool. $1^1 50; Horse Hides, salt
S2 75 for large and $2^2 50 for medium. *1 23
Ctl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $lt>
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skin* —
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 73c; extra large do, $1 25; large and
smooth. 30c; medium. 35c; small. 20c. v . ,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 434%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%c: grea*e. 24S3c
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9@lle; Southern. 8®9c: Southern Moun
tain. !i<&llc; Middle Counties free 12914c:
do. defective 10© 12c: Northern free'. 12® 14c;
do. defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cliio 14®15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop firm at 23©2Sc per lb
ous selling pressure. Prices of eecurities- have
risen and the realizing Induced thereby has
net been on a scale sufficiently large to check
the advancing tendency. The usual Presiden
tial year uncertainties have been less pro
n.um-td than In the pact and there is no in
dication i»t present to Justify a belief that
they will become more serious with the prog
ress of the campaign. Far greater Interest
is taken by the leading banking Interests in
the fti-ugple In the Far East than in the polit
ical cttuation at home. for. while the victory
of either party would not check national pros
perity, it is conceivable that a disastrous re
verse by either of the powers now engaged
in the war would be followed by serious dis
turbances in the British and Continental money
markets.
Money at this center Is abundant and cheap
and time loans made during the week ex
tending over the end of the year have been
at low rates. The complaint of lenders has
been the small demand for funds.
A statement just issued by the Department
of Commerce and Labor is esptcially lnter
efctlnK at this time. It shows that exports
of manufactured roods during the last three
months have exceeded exports of agricultural
products.
An imoortant feature of the week was the
extraordinary activity ot higher prices of
Government and ether b:nds. Sales of United
.States Steel 55, Rock Island 4s and 5s and
Union Pacific* convertibles were especially
large, and the demand for Japanese 6s brought
a EjlBht advance.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street,
San Francisco, members oZ the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations of that Exchange:
Sal **- j Stocks— . iHIghjLow.l Bid.] Ask.
I Adams Kxpress..) | ]225 <230
lG.l00.An-.alg Copper ,..j 5S«*I (»34 57% 5S%
IAni On Co | ] | 44 4H
! Do pfd 1 : I 464 ¦*«*»
SW-;Am C&r & F Co.j 19«i| 1W 19 19%
30«'J Po pfd ; 79%| 78% 78% 79%
lu0|Am Cotton Oil..' 32%1 32% 324 S3
j Do r.td 1 1 91 93
« Am Dist Tel 1 1 22 23
-i Ar - *-* I-----J |20» (212
10", Am Grass T Co. 6%| «%] 54 64
!Am Hid* & L 1 3% 4%
i Do pid. j 1 19' 20'
40Cf Am Ice j 64| 6% 6% 64
100 1_\> pfd 20%; 2«% 2tt 264.
|Am Linseed . ! ' 12 1:1 '
I Do pfd 1 30 35
1, SOw; Am Locomotive. 2O>-s| 204 20% 21
100| Do pfd 00 ' I 90 90 904
100;Am Malt pfd...| 19 j 1S» 194 21
l<),00U!Am Smlt & R Co ti5" s | 644 65' I «5%
WX»| Do pfd.. 1 107 |106t» IO64 11074
3.70p.Am Sugar ,130% 130 lVtO%iVM%
i Do pfd ...„ IKJ4 14ft
jAm Til & Tel Co\ 137 138 ,
...'Am Tob pf L «: f. 130 HO
iAm Woolen : | 144 14%
I Do lifd 1 1 80% 81%
SO) Anaconda 1 SO ',4 1 SO 7tt SOvJ
'Ann Arbcr .'.28 30'
! Ho pfd 1 57 60
T.4WATiSF j 81% HI »l%| fcl%
#X>! Lk> pfd ; WS%| U8%j »S | 98%
9.400'Balt & Ohio | STT-sl *S7%| *7%l K/M,
! Do pfd I I 92 I 93Vi
l,90J;B R T .'.I 554j 5441 65%: ft.v"
'Brooklyn Un Gas j J219 |220 "
I,9WX"ariada Southern! 67 | «7 | W5Vi| «7
WiOCanadian Paclflcjl244il24%|124% 124Tg
•j;.Hi»'C & 0 3»4| US% 39 39V*
1.9C01C *. A 41% 41% 41% 42
200 j Do pfd t«4 8.1 84 84%
l.JRWC & G W 15%! 15?b 154 13;*
I Do pfd A *... ..... 534 54
SLO ! Do pfd B 1 234 24
I Do debs. .«...'. j 814 86
4,<MiO:c & N W !191 187% 190% 191
II^OOJC, M &. St P 15tJ 155 155T*, 156
...... .j I'o pfd 1*2% lWMi
I7.200JC, R I & P. new 274 26T, 27 27%
2,'_1!O: I>o pfd 70? s 70 78 78%
I Do 4s .•¦ap. 754 7«
SWChk'-ago Terminal 6'i 6 « 64
400' D.. pid 14% 14 144 14%
40O|Chicago Un Trac. 7% 7% 74 8
•VX)I Do pfd 38 36 364 38 4
1,000 C C C & St L. ,j 794 78 794 794
Do pfd 107 110
f Cleve Lor & W 25
I Do pfd 70
lOO'CoIorado F & I. 37 37 36% 37%
! Do pfd 60
Colum H C & I ' 1214 13.
»(JO|CoIorado So 16%! 16% 16% 17
2.7CO 1 Do 1st pM ... 50 494 <0% 50
2,W0| Do 2d pfd 23 21 '% 22V- 22%
100 Consolidated GaFJlOO 196' 196 " 197
2,200,Con Tob pfd 1 122 % 121 121 122.
jCorn Products .1 13% 14
500| Do pfd I 704I 70 704 70%
1.100 Del & Hudson ..!lC4%;iC"i% 1C4% 164%.
600 D. L & W 1272 272 272 273
600;D & R G I 25 25%
I>o pfd !. 774 77%j 77 78'
'Des M & Ft D..J 22 26
(Detroit Un Ry ..!.....' 684 «7
'Detroit Southern ! 2% 24
I Do pfd 4 5
!Di«mond Match .j 1. .. . . 132 1324
l.SOOiDi«IlIInif Feour..| 20%; 26% 26%! 27
Distil S Bonds. .' 1 66% 07%
(Duluth S S A A.. . 1 64 t,'
500i Do pfd I 12%| 12 12% 12%
SS.lOO^rie .j 29% 2R% 29 29%
4,000, Do 1st pfd 634 03 e5% 65%
?500 Do 2d pfd 41% 41 % 41% 41%
!e & t h ..:...: 59 Co'
i 4.700 General Elee. . . 170 165% 1C9 ira%
'Great No pfd 170 1S5 .
jGreens Con Cop 14% 14%
(Havana Tob Co 29 31
j Do pfd 39 41
Hocking Valley . 72% 74
60n! Do pfd SS 87 86% fiS
1.500 r.llnoln Central . 13S% 137%il3S% 1384
3CX>!lntpr Paper 14.% 14%
Do pfd 74 744
I Inter Power .:'. ! 35 36
500 Inter Pump ! 28% 2S 28 2S4
I Do pfd 76 774
700;Iowa Central .. 23 224 22% 23
400 Do pfd 43% 424 43 434
I'OO'KC. FtS &. M pfd 76% 76% 76% 7C%
lOOiKans City So.... 24 24 'ZZ% 24
500! Do pfd 46% 45% 46 40%
iKeokuk & D M 12% 144
iLa Clede Gas pfd W- UK)
jLak* E &. West 29 JJO
i DO pfd 85 10D
ILong I*!«r.d .V.I.'. r»7 fiO
l,700;i^oui« &Na»h... 122 121 122 122%
300,Manhattan 155 154% lMft 155
....... Mar.hatn Beach , 10 13
14. 300; Metropolitan Sec 89% 87 89% 894
S.MiOiMetropltn St Ry 121% 118% 1214 121%
14,%K*»:Mexican Central. 13 12% 12% 13
200 Minn & St L. .. 56% 66 56 664
2001 D-> 1st pfd 93 90 90 91
M. StP&SSM... 72% 734
200 Do pM 129 ' 130
1.100 Mo. Kan & Tex. 224 21% 22 22%
1.700 Do pfd 4K% 47 47% 4$4
»/«00 Miesouri Pacific. »7% 07% U7K 97T4
l.OOOiNaah. C te 6t L. 122% 122 121 122%
1.000'National Lead.. 234 23% 22% 22»-
Do pfd ..: »5^4 05^
NU R R of Mex 4 4^
COO Do pfd 19U 21
National Biscuit 47 47 w
Do pfd -. 1074 108%
....... New Jersey Cent ie» 170
SOOiN Y Air Brake. 138% 13R% 137% 13»
1.8OO]N Y Central 123% 122 I23ii 123U
2O0!n X. C & St L.. 31 30 30 ? 31U
I Do 1st pfd. : 105 110
Do 2d pfd «3 65%
N Y. NH tc H. ISO 191
S.200N Y. Ont A W.. 814 31 31% 31%
1,700 Norfolk & West. 68% 68 e$% «;s%
Do pfd 90 91
North American. ..: 82 ¦ 93
Northern Sees 104% 105%
Omaha ...; ..... J40 14»'
Do pfd , 180 183
O S L 4s 96% 97
Pacific Coast;... ....". ..... 634 63
Do 1st prd i. ..... 95 105
- Do 2d pfd .".. :..'.. 73% .74
7001 Pacific Mail 29% 28% 29 29%
I8,40O;Pcnn R n Co... 12C 125% 125% 128
l,:iOO;People's Gas. ... 102% 102 102 102%
P. C. C & St L 68 684
Do pfd 100 • 100U
200 Pressed Stl Car ....: 32 32%
. .. Do pfd 77 78
JPullman Pal Car .....J.... .J125 125%
Receipts were 36,400 lbs Butter. 9C9 cases
Eggs and 9S0O lbs Cheese.
• BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2549
2t>4e f or extras and 24*525c for firsts; dairy.
19£224c; store Butter. 15@18c; Eastern cream
ery. lftViS'Jtic; Eastern ladle-packed. 14@154c
per lb.
CHEESE — 9@10c for choice .mild new sjid
S<88Vic for lower grades: Young Americas. 11<£
114c: Oregon, 8@10c: Eastern. 10(gl5o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. »41j35e for large white se
lected. 324 < fi'.'i34c for choice and 3(Xg32c ' for
common; cold storage. 27#2Sc; store, 25<g27c;
Eastern. 25©20c for flr'sU. •.1©224c for seconds
and 20®21c for bakers'.
Butter remained precisely as before, with
plenty on hand to meet all current require
ments. Cheese was in Its usual rut. supplies
being excessive and the market slow and de
pressed.
While the general Egg market continues de
pressed, extra fine selected ranch are bringing
33c, but in a limited way. The public con
tinue to run on Eastern and cold storage, to
the neglect of the higher-priced fresh ranch,
and those dealers who are carrying larger
stocks of the latter than they wish are letting
go at 34c and even S-14c. The market Is gen
erally reported top-heavy and slow and not
at all as active and firm as was anticipated in
consequence of the conclave.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Miscellaneous. Markets.
The fifth car of Western Poultry for the
week arrived late on Thursday and -was sold
on the track. It was sold by the pound and
was cleaned up by a few leading retailers.
Trade. in domestic stock was very quiet yes
terday, but as receipts were light prices were
— •" maintained. There were ; no changes In
Gams. : ¦ ¦ ¦
». — Live Turk«ys, 15©18e per lb
for old and 22{?24c for young; Geese,
per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings. $2@2 25;
Ducks. $1<31 50 per dozen for old and $4 50
@5 50 for young; Hens. .$4 5OQ5 for small
and $5 50(36 for large; young Roosters. $5 50
66; old Roosters. $4®4 50; Fryers, $4@t 50;
Broilers. $2 50<g3; Pigeons; $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, 75c per dozen: Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen.
Poultrv and Game.
PEACHES — Also are in light supply and
coast offerings are decreasing. Spot quotations
remain unchanged, with extra choice at 8c and
fancy at 946 10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
no material chang*. either in prices or general
trade conditions. Common are quoted at 4@54c:
prime. .VS'S'fc-": choice,- 5®6%c; fancy. 7&7&C.
PRUNES — Continue quiet, with an occasional
car-lot sale reported. Quotations ranee from
2c to 6 V«c. according to grade .
APRICOTS— Remain . firm on moderate offer
ings with d?mand fairly good. Choice are
quoted at Q^filOc: extra choice,- 10%@104c;
fancy. ll«13c. "
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed steady at a decline of 15®20 points.
Total sales were 25,000 bags. Including: Sep
tember at C.55c;; December. C8O<S6.00c; Janu
ary. 6.00c; March, 7.1O@7 20c; May. 7.3O@7.4Oc;
July, 7.45@7.6Oc. Spot Rio, isteady; No. 7 in
voice. 6%e; mild, steady; Cordova. 10®13c. .
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined,, firm.
BUTTER — Steady. Renovated, common to
extra. 10ffl6c.
CHEESE — Steady, unchanged.
EGGS— Firm, unchanged.
• , • ,, DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK.' Sept. 2>— FLOUR— Receipts,
16, SCO barrels; exports, ' lO.'JOO barrels; the
market was steady, with light demand. Minne
sota baker. $4 .'{O^ 70.
WHEAT— Receipts. 8000 bushels. Spot, easy;
No. 2' red. $1 10*i f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. $1 25% f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened hither on heavy rains in the spring
wheat States and firm cables, but ruled weak
all day under liquidation and aggressive bear
pressure, closing :i®l%c net lower. May,
$1 11%01 13%, closed $1 13%; September,
$1 124<Sl 14. closed $1 124; . December.
$1 UKfil 13%; closed $1 11%.
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM — Steady. .
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL?-Firm. . . , '
Futures closed steady. September, 10.15c;
October, 10.27c; November, 10.31c; December,
lO.Soc; January, 10.37c; February, 10.39c;
March, 10.42c; April. 10.45c; May, 10.50c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— Cotton futures opened
weak. September, 10.70c; November, 10.55c;
December, lO.COe: January, 10.59c; February,
-10.62c; March, 10.72c; May, 10.77c bid.
Spot closed quiet. 40 points lower. Middling
uplands 11.60c;' middling gulf, 11.35c. Sales,
200 bales.
N civ York Cotton Market.
Butter steady, Cheese weak and Eggs quiet.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.— To-day's statement
cf the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $148,022,700; gold, $49,031,931.
Cash in the Treasury.
ONIONS— $1«1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c®$l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans. l©2c per
lb; Lima Beans, 2@2>-jc per Ib; Tomatoes. 15@
33c per box for river and 20@50c for bay: Sum
mer Squash. 20@33c per box; Cabbage, 75c per
ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 29@35c
per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4
@4Vjc per lb; Egg Plant, 25©40c per box; Dried
Peppers, .nominal; Green Okra, 25310c per
box; Green Peppers. 23@40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $15@20<per ton.
Shipments of Fotatoee from this market
have ceased, as outside points are being sup
plied direct from the growing districts. Stocks
here have been considerably reduced during th*
past few days and the dally I receipts, which
are • light, are well cared for by the regular
local trade, but low prices etlll rule. Onions
have been In good demand for shipment lately
and supplies are less liberal. Fine Australian
Browns brought a slight advance yesterday.
All kinds of vegetables were m free supply
and the market was generally weak at pre
vious prices. Freshly arrived lots of Green
Corn met with ready sale at firm rates, while
carried-over lots were practically unsalable,
although offered below the minimum quotation.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 6O<7>
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 25 per ctl:
Earlv Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 75GS3c;
Sweet Potatoes, SI 1 ®! 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Sept. 2. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1C0O head: steady to stronger. Native
steers, $3 75@5 90: cows and heifers, $2 75@
3 60: Western steers, $3@4 15; Texas steera,
$2 75@3 60; range cows and heifers. $2<7T3 25:
earners $1 50®2: stockers and feeders. $2 50®
3 85: calves. $2 50@4 75; bulle and stags,
$1 75©3 25.
HOG3 — Receipts. 6000 head; market 10c
h!gh«r. Heavy, $5 10®5 30; mixed. $5 20@3 30;
light, 55 30©5 45; pits, $4 50®5 10; bulk of
pales. S5 2C^3 30. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000 head; steady. West
em yearlings, $3 6004; wethers, $3 30-53 75:
evres $3i&3 50: common and stockers, $2 25®
3 75; lambs, $4@5 40.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept. 2.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 2000 head; steady to strong. Native
st»-ns. S-{ 75ig<«: native cows and heifers, $1 60
©4 70; stockers and feeders. $1 60@4 70; »ull»,
$2®3 25; calves, $2 50Q5 50; Western steera.
$3@4 ZtO; Western cows, 51 50<8>3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000 head; 10c higher. Bulk
of sales. $5 25®5 40; heavy. $5 20«5 30: pack
ers. #5 25ff5 40; pigs and lights, $5i§5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000 head; steady. Lambs,
$1 50(fi5 £5; range wethers, $3 25@4; ewes,
$2 50@3 50. • . :
Omaha.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2. — CATTLE — Receipts.
2W0 head; steady.' Good to prime steers, $5 40
(gC 10; poor to medium. $3 50®3; stockers and
feeders, $203 75; cows, * I 33#4; heifers, $1 75
64 50, cinners. $1 05©2 25; . bulls. $2@4:
calves, $.1 50<66 23; Texas fed ¦ steers. $2 50(9
3 50: Westsrn steers.' $2 50©4. - ¦ ¦ ¦ : ¦
HOGS— Receipts. 7C00 head: stronger. Mixed
and butchers, $5 10»g5 65; good to choice heavy.
$5 2C55 50; rough heavy, $4 60^6; light, $5 15
©3 65; bulk of sales. $5 30@5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts 7CC0 head; steady. Good
to choice weth-srs, $3 50®4: fair to choice
mixed, $3@3 40', Western ' sheep. $2 75(|W: na
tive lambs, $4<g5 75; Western lambs, $4©4 75.
Chicago.
No session of the New York Exchanges to-day.
U'oU-tsccrt stocks shozu some advance. Cotton excited.
Local stacks and bonds selling well. With Sugars firm.
Slight decline in domestic Exchange. Silver as before.
Local zi-hcat futures lower, zcith active stop-loss selling.
Future and cash Barley easy, and the former rather lower.
Oats offering more freely. Cum and Rye quiet,
/lay still in excessive supply. Bran wore plentiful.
Xo further charge in tlw Bean situation.
Wool quieter, znth buyers out of the field at present.
JJops very firm. Hides still steady.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs continue in ample supply.
Lumber situation about as before stated.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables shozv little change.
Poultry and Game steady and unchanged.
Demand for fresh Fruit quieter, but prices steady.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. I
1.100 Ry Steel Springs 22% 204 21 22
600 Da pfd SOli 79% 79«4 80
62.800 Reading 64^ 61% 64% 64U
300 Do 1st pfd / »'.... 84% 85
1,300 Do 2d pfd 74% 74 74% 75
200 Republic S & i: ~t% 7% 7»i 7T«
1.200 Do pfd 44% 434 44 44%
Rnbber Good*... .'.... ..... 17% 18 -
: Do pfd 82 82»4
: Sloss S S & I -. ....'. 374 38
100 Do pfd 87 87 87 88
! St J & G 1 164 17
Do 1st prd... 49 51
Do -2d pfd 244 25
StL&S F 1st pfd ; 73 7^4
1.600 Do 2d pfd 59?i 694 594 59%
900 St L A S W 21 20*4 30 314
1,000 Do pfd .43% 43»i 43% 44
26.. r 00jSouthern Pacific. 574 36% 674 »"Vi
7,800 Southern Ry .... 2»H 28*4 29 V s 29 V4
600 Do pfd 95 94% 94% 95
Standard R & T... % 1%
2,400 Tenn Coal & Iron 454 45 45V4 454
6.400 Texas Pacific ... 314 30% 3Ui 31%
Third Avenue 1244 126
400 Tol St L & W.. 294 284 29 29%
400 Do pfd 48 -47% 47% 48
100 Twin City R T. 98% 98% 98»4 9S%
Do pfd ..... 156 158
1,200 Union B & P pfd 60 60 60 61
22,700 Union Pacific ... 99% 98% 99 904
Do pfd 934 03 <4
United Copper 6 8
United RR of SF 11 15
Do pfd 65 56
Do 4s 84 844
1.SO0 U S Cast I P... 11 11 10% 11
400! Do pfd '. 57% 56 564 574
U S Express 118 120
300 U S Leather 7% 74 7% 1%
9C0 Do prd 87 S6%
1,200 U S Realty & C 534 63 63 534
¦;. U S Rubber 19% J|J4,
1 Do pfd 76 76%
38.3001 U S Steel Cor... Vi% 13% 13% |3*k
82. C00| Do pfd 68 H 62% 62% 62?i
400 Va-Car Chem Co 32% 32 32% 324
500 Do pfd 107 1064 10<i% 107
3.800 Wabash 204 18% 20" 204
15.600 Do pfd 4Xf% 30H -»09s Wjfc
Do deb Bs » I 63 | 634
iWells Fargo Ex.1 1 VlSSO |25O
1.400iWestern Union..! 01 I W)%| JKJ»4 «t
4,100|W*3tinghouBe ..|1644!161 |16O |161
t Do 1st pfd 1*0 187
W&LE 1«U 1« 17 174
Do 1st pfd 444 «
100 Do 2d pfd ... 26U 2«V f 26U 264l
1,900 Wisconsin Cen .. lftli 18% 194 194
. 1.100J Do pfd I 42% 414 42',4 42%
569,100^ — Total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg-.104%!L & N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 103 V» I Man con gold 4s. 1064
Do 3s reg 105 I Mex Central 4s. .. C2%
Do coupon 105U.I oDlst inc.... 154
Do new 4s re».131%| Minn & St L 4s. 95
Do coupon... ..131%j M. K * Texas 4s. 100
Do old 4s reg. IOC i Do 2ds . . .'. 804
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 164
Atch gen 4s 103%! N Y C gen 34s.. 100
Do adj 4s 95 IN J C gen 5s 1334
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S%iNor Pacific 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO< Do 3s 74%
Do 3V>s ••• C 5 % Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Central'of Ga 5s.ll2 OSL 4s & partic. 90%
Do 1st Inc 84% Pa conv 34« *>0>4
Ches & Ohio 44s.lO5»4l Reading gen 4«... »9'4
Chi & Alton 34s. 79»i! S L & I M con 3s.ll6%
C. B & Q new 4s. 96%| 8 L & S F fg 4s. 85
CM & SP gn 4s.lO8%ISt Louis SW lsts. 9iH
C & NW con 7s.l28% I Seaboard A L 4s. 82
C. R I & Pac 4s. 76 So Pacific 4s..... 93%
Do col 5s 8641 So Railway 5s.... 117
C.C.C & SLgn 4*.1014ITex & Pac lsts.lUHi
Chi Term 4s 74 Tol. St L A- W 4s. 764
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73 Union Pacific 4e.lO5
Colo & So 4s;... 84 Do conv 4s 10r,t;
C F & I con 5s. 73 U S Steer 2d 5»... 80%
Den & Rio G 4».101 Wabash lsts 117«4
Erie prior lien 4«. 98% Do deb B CA'i
1 Do gen 4s 86% W & L Erie 4s... 914
F W & D C lsts.1054 Wis Central 4s... 00
Hock Va! 44s... 108
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. '
Adams Con 2O| Little Chief 05
Alice 30| Ontario 3 50
Breece ! 13l Ophir 2 «0
Bruns Con . 1SI Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel ,10|Poto«i 14
Con Cal & Va..'; 1 C5] Savage ... 18
Horn Silver 1 55; Sierra Nevada 30
Iron Silver 1 501 Small Hopes 25
Lcadvllle Con ... 02! Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— \V S Steel 13%
Call loans 2®34| , De pfd 62«4
Time loans .-. .. >3%i4',*! Westing" Common. 81 ¦
Bonds— I Mining —
Atchison 4s 10141 Adventure 1%
Do adj 4s !).¦> lAUouez '. . . 13
Mex Central 4s... 62 | Amal Copper 57%
Railroads — I Amer Zinc 12
Atchison SlVi'l Atlantic ...14
Do pfd 88 I Bingham 26%
Boston & AIbany.200 | Calumet & Hecla.510
Boston & Maine. 1614 Centennial 2S%
Boston Elev ..'...152 Copper Range . . . BS
Fitchburg pfd 136 Daly West 14>«
Mex Central .... li!ii Dom Coal' 60
N Y. N H & H..189% Franklin ft
Pere Marquette. .. 74 Grancy.... 3%
Union Pacific. 99 Isle Rovale 19%
Miscellaneous— | Mafs Mining ....'34
Amer Arge Chem. 13*i1 Michigan 5%
Do pfd 80 I Mohawk 454
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 1 Mont Coal & Coke 6
Amer Sugar 13041 Old Dominion ... 16
Do pfd 131- Osceala 74
Amer Tel & Tel. 1.17 Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 13% Qulncy 86
Do pfd soa, I Shannon • 44
Dom Iron & S... 12 (Tamarack ;115
Ed Elect Ilium.. 25S | Trinity ., ! 7«
Gen Electric lfiSHIU S Mining 21 *
Mass Electric 12UIUSOU 11%
Do pfd fiO |UUh '. 474
Ma» Gas 42 Victoria ..........' ."%
United Fruit 100 I Winona 9%
Un Shoe Mach.. . W>4 1 Wolverine 90
Do pfd 30%|
London Closing Stocks:
Cons money... 88 3-161 N Y Central... ..125%
Do acct 88% Nor & Western... 50%
Anaconda 4 Do pfd . ; . . 07 '
Atchison S3 Ont & Western... :«2
Do pfd 100V Pennsylvania'...-. fi4W
Bait & Ohio 89V, Rand Mines ..... 10%
Can Pacific 127 ! 5i I Reading ;......... 314
Ches A Ohio 39%| Do 1st pfd i'.i '
Chi Great West.. 15% j Do 2d pfd.....; 87%
Chi. Mil & St P. 159%! So Railway £9%
De Beers 1» Do pfd 974
Den & Rio G 25%|So Pacific 58V;
Do pfd 78%!unlon Pacific 1014
Erie 294 Do pfd 00
Do 1st pfd. 66%IU 8 Steel J.I^
Do *d pfd 42 I Do pfd P,4U
III Central 141 | Wnbash 2f>
Lou's fc Nash 124 ! Do nfd 40
M. K & Texas... 22WI Sr>»nl?h 4s 87U
Bar silver — Quiet. 26 5-10d per ounce.
Money — U'.<n2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 11-16(52% per cent and for
three months' bills 2%<g2 13-1C per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— The following table,
compiled by BradMreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 1, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing wc-.-k last year:
„. , i • :• Percentage.
chips — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York $l,088.375.8!>3 16.8
Chicago 15.'»,9CU,»54 17
Boston 87.755,378 b's
Philadelphia ..... OS. 71*2.102 . 71
St. Louis 45,037,800 .... 13
Plttsbiirg 35.399.179 7 0
San Francisco. . . . 2S,40l,848 121
Baltimore ....;.. 22.104,545 14.0
Cincinnati 20,648, 450 8 8
Kansas City :.... '23.185,159 18 4
New Orleans .... 13.011.161 33.7
Cleveland 15.O42.249 . : j' j
Minn*ai>ollB ....'.- • 12.0(Jii.94(l 13 8
Detroit 8,«*«,010 15
Louisville ........ 9,8!>2,372 7.4
Omaha .......... ' W.804,003 3.6 ...!
Milwaukee ...... 6,37.1,475 .... 10 4
Providence '4,648.600 .... 13^2
Buffalo 5,251,809 ".... 14 2
Indianapolis 5,127.811 , 5 6
St. Paul '..... 5,520, 725 19.0
Lne Angeies ...... 5,143.575 ....: 8.0
St. Joseph '4.4C6.56G 1.3 ....
Denver 3,902,193 .... 22.8
Columbus •; '¦ S, 504, 600 -v...
Memphis ........ 2.443.011 35.6 , ....
3eattlc ....»' 4,229,746 8.3 ....
Richmond : 3.S73.C31 ' • -' 15.2 . :...
Washington.-/ 3.112.383 - ....
Savannah 3.0«t.S01 -22.5 ....
Albany 3.300.924 .5
Portland, Or 3,464,958 22.6 ....
Fort Worth .3.543,845 4.9 .
Toledo, Ohio 3.342.876 6,0 ....
Salt Lake City... 2,181.761 .... 13.2
Peorla ..:........:. 2.675.670 •*...*. 10,5
Atlanta • 1.SB8.B2S ' .1 ....
Rocb*«tcr ....;..., 2,236.937 .....' g.4
Hartford ........ 2.354.235 10.2 ....
Nashville' \ 2.009.215 ' .... 3.0
Dee Molnes ...... 1.TO9.298 ' ; ..„ .6
Spokane, Wash... . 1.808,642 .... 2.8
Taeoma . . . . . . . . . 1,827.493 . r.8 - ....
Grand Rapids.... 1.606,000 .... 5.8
New Haven -1.748.644 .... 14.5
'Dayton...: .'.2.700.185 78.2 ....
Norfolk :. 4 . 1^«5.872 -2.4
SprlnsCcld/'M-ass. l v 104.911 .... ¦ g.9
Worcester ....... ' 979,987 ..-.;' 25.8
Portland. Me....'. ¦¦• 1,270,710 .... 10.0
Augusta. Ga...... 1.484.330 107.5 ¦-....
Topekn - 847.455 -.;..' • '42;3
Sioux City "1.003,011 10.4 ....
Syracuse 845.239 -..:» 26.2
Evansvlile ''. - 1.WW.277 .2 ....
Birmingham ... . . 1.128,516 ¦ 6.2 ....
Wilmington, Del. • 851,514 ,....«. 14,3
Knoxville ....:...- 1,M8,3S« ...;.
Davenport ....... '• 632,175 ¦ • ..«.-'.'• 23.5
Little Rock ...... * 6S6.783 .;.'.• « 2.1
Wllkesbarre ..... .'..' 812.903 ....¦¦-•8.5
Fall River 483,985 /....- 7;8
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35fl2 50; Pea. $3; Bat
tens. $2 75@3: small White. $2 90&3 10; large
White. $2 CC®2 50; Pink. $3 50@3 60: Red. $1:
Lima.- $3 80@3 90; Red Kidneys. $4 25; •Black
eyes. $2 50@2 60 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2 23.
. SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $1 90©2 25; Canary. *%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15®15%c: Rape, iy-@2Hc; Timo
thy 6%c: Hemp, 3^©3He per lb; Millet. 24
©3^c: Broom Corn Seed. $20©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $2S2 25; new Green
Peas $2@2 23 per ctl.
Limas are getting somewhat unsettled.
While they are as firmly held as ever th*
new crop is not far off and some doubt is ex
prereed as to whether they will hold up when
It appears on the market. The other descrip
tions show no change.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market "was steady;
creameries. 14@19c; dairies. 12H$16c. Eggs
steady. 14»4®16>4c. Cheese steady. S@9c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs and th« best Butter have advanced
again and fresh ranch Eggs may be still higher
before the end of the week. Cheese and Honey
stand exactly the same as quoted last weak.
Meats. Fish and Poultry have not changed
•lnce last week and prices of Fruits and
Vegetables show but slight variation.
COAL, PER TON—
Wellington .$—#10 001 New
Seattle $—©8 501 Wellington $— ©10 00
Roslyn $ — © 9 C(T. Wellington
Richmond ..$— @ 9 501 Nut ..$— <9 S CO
Coos Bay ...$—0 7 50[
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice.sq.50@55; Eggs, per dozen ; : .'<'-
Do good 4C'#45I Ranch — ©40
Do packed lb. — @25| Common 30<835
Cheese. Cal " 10@13| eastern 25@30
Cheese. Eastern.20i&U5( Honey comb, lb.l5®20
Cheese. Swiss ..253351 Do extracted .. 8®10
POULTRY A.NO GAME— *..:
Hens. large. ea.nSfi'OO; Ducks each ....63c$$l
Do small 5C@tiO' Geese each...— ®$1 50
Young Roosters, iGosllngs $1 75@2
each 75c®$ll Pigeons, pair .. — ©3<»
Old Roosters. ea.5C<g«5| Squabs, per palr.SOStJO
Fryers each . ..50-geo. wild Doves dos.— <8$1
Broilers, each. . .2.V<j if) Ilabbits. each ..20®25
Turkeys, per lb.25@27|Hare. each —©25
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef. I Mutton Chops ...— <P1S
choice cuts . .15@20iPork Chops .. .. — ©15
Do plain 10®liVj|Veal Cutlets ....15^1S
Roaat Veal ..12%«m' Corned Beef ....—©• 9
Roast Pork . ..12^'gl5|Beet Stew &810
Fereqtr Lamb. — 'a 12 >-> Mutton Stew ... 59 8
Hindqtr Lamb...— @15| Veal Stew 10012%
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8010; Soup Meat 5910
Leg Mutton — fi 10 Soup Bones .... 4© —
Tndrloin Steak. 12^itj 15 Hams 13^13
Portrhse Steak. .18.^201 Bacon 15020
Sirloin Steak.. 12%<315! Pork Sausage.. 12%@15
Round Steak.. 10<©12% l Chipped Beef ...200—
Lamb Chop* . . . 15@2oj Lard 12**®—
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, ea.20'8251 Lemons do* 15<g3<>
Almonds 15>@20( Nutmeg Melons. ea. —^5
Apples 4@ 81 Nectarines, lb... 8@li>
Blackberries, per {Oranges, choice, dzZba^O
drawer ..*. 20©30! Do common ... — ©2f>
Crab Apples, lb.— @ 5t Peaches, lb 63S 3
Cranberries, qt... — ®25| Plums, lb 8@ 5
Cantaloupes. ea.lG®20[ Pears, lb 4© 6
Pecans — ©20| Pineapples. eaeh.23<it5<)
Brazil Nuts ....20® — Pomegranates, lb. — @1O
Bananas, doz ...25@35 Quinces — ©5
Cocoanuts. each.— @10! Raisins, lb 10315"
Figs, dried, lb.. 6@10| Raspberries, per
Do. fresh, lb.. 50 81 drawer 40375
Grape Fruit, dz.50c<&$l| Strawberries.
Grapes, lb 4@ 81 per drawer 20©5O
Hcklebrries. lb — ®12%| Walnuts, per lb.l5<©20
Limes, doz 10®15| Watermelons. ea.20#40
VEGETABLES— - • "
Asparagus, lb. — ©12%! Leeks, dz bunch.l5S20
Artichokes, doz. 30@t>«i Mushrooms. lb..5t)c'S$1
Beets, dozen 1C® — Onions, per lb....— & 2
Beans, white, lb. 3<@ — Okra. dried. 1b. .203 —
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Do green, lb... Z"9 5
Dried Lima. lb. 5# 0 Potatoes, per lb.H*.»2
Green Lima .... — & 5! Parsnips*, per dz. lVd2>
Cabbage, each .. 5#10 Radishes da bch.l5ie2i>
Celery, head ... 5@IO[ Rhubarb." lb — ¦© 5
Cress, dz bunch. 15® — I Sage, dz bnches.23S —
Cucumbers. doz.lO@15| String Beans, lb. 39 5
Garlic 6@ 8! Summer Squash.
Green Peppers,lb 5eii)| per lb — tJS'-S
Dried Peppers . A(xS20\ Spinach, per lb.— @ 5
Egg Plant, lb. . 3® 5! Sprouts — @ *
Green- Peas. lb.. 5® 61 Sweet Potatoes.Ib2U<33
Green Corn. 1 Thyme. dzbnchs.25.HSi'
Choice, doz . . .2!>ftZ5' Turnips, per doz. — ©IS
Do. common . .l.">'S20i Tomatoes, lb .... 3® 5
Lettuce, per doz.l5@30|
FISH—
Barracouta — @l5|Rockeod — @13
Carp 10©12H|S«a Bass — ®1S
Catfish — fill' 1 a. 'Smelts — (Sl.%
Codfish — «12>,!Soles 10S15
Flounders lot? — | Skates, each ....10S15
Halibut 13f* — (Squid ...— @10
Herring 8S10 Tomcod 10® —
Mackerel — -8— Turbot 20® —
Do horse . ...15f? — Trout — 075
Rockflsh ......— <912HI Whiteflsh 10«—
Salmon fresh . .1.V&2O! Clams, gallon . .6C«- —
Do smoked ...15'825I Do hardshell, lb 8eii>
Sardines 1C©— 'Crawfish, per lbl2H«l.''
Shrimps — 0 — I Crabs, each ...12H«2"
Shad 1C9— Mussela lb 12W>«1."
Striped Bass .. .13«20i Oysters. Cal. 100. lf»©.*.O
Perch 100— t Do Eastern. dz.3C@10
Pcmpino — 8501
Family Ketail Market. ]
wires, "$1 28; clover, contract grade. $12 25®
12 35.
Articles — ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 24.HOO - 14,600
Wheat bu 984,000" • 41.500
Corn bu ....... .•...622.000 223.600
Oats bu 288.600 14,500
Rye/ bu ......... 500 . 7,100
Barley, bu .............. 46,200 . ". 7.0C0
Macon 291. 164 .... 62.8
Wheeling. W. Va. 908,114 63.6
Wichita 1.009.872 14.2 ....
Akron. 541.000 " 12. «
Chattanooga 640.619 .1 ' ....
Springfield, 111... ¦.-;., 738.871 12.7
Kalamazoo, Mich. 647,052 20.6 ....
Youngetown -,- 458.679, 15.5
Helena ..... . 891.487 25.8
Lexington ..;...."' ¦ 443,646 3.1
Fargo. N D '.' 346.111- ' 12.4
New Bedford .-..V. • 256,571 ..-.. 34.4
Canton, Ohio .... 613,000 .... 16.9
Jacksonville, Fla.' '624,279 18.6 ....
Lowell 375,260 .5 ....
Chester. Pa...... \ 296,004 .... 31.0
Greensburg. Pa;.. 344,810
Rockford.- HI..... 3S0.6S4 17.5....
Blnghamton - S37.0C0 2.1 '••••
Springfield. Ohio..- 391.141 .... 6.2
Bloomlngton. 111.. ¦ -.101,680 • 2.3 .. '
Wuincy. 111...;... 2M;020 .... -23.0
Sioux Falls. S. D. 236,001 34.1 ....
Mansfield. Ohio... 1«5.078 17.4
Decatur. III...... - 364, 001 :. 40.0
Jacksonville. 111.. 271.372 "... 12.9 ....
Fremont. Nebr... 257,052 12.7 ....
•Houston '... 15,228.733 34.6 ....
•Galveston 9.122,000 66.4
Charleston 571,171 13.4
Cedar Rapids .... 279.230 . ..'.v
Totals, ,U.. S.$1,8O4,283,3O9 $.9
Outside N. Y. 715,907,418 1-4
CANADA.
Montreal"....'.... $15,726,627 .... 1.0
Toronto 12.001,625 7.2
Winnipeg ,4,728.77.1 17.6
Ottawa 1,603.172 17.8
Halifax 1.858,517 .... 10.2
Quebec • 1.410,266 .... 14.7
Vancouver, B. C. 1.529,016 13.9
Hamilton ¦; 072,451 3.4
London, Ont • 784,200 19.5 ....
St. John. N. B.. 1,032.104 6.2
Victoria. B. C... . 631,709 27J»
Totals. Can.. $46,138,355 .... 2.4
.' 'Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. j
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®3:> 00;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22323: Corn
Meal. $30 50®31 50; Cracked Corn. $31® 32;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 50; Horse Beans. $30*310
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per etl.
HAY— Wheat. $8012 30. with $1S@13 60 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat $5312: Oat. $7 6012
10 60; Barley and Oat. $7S9; Volunteer Wild
Oat $8 50@8 60; stable $7@8 60: stock. $6497:
Clover. $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa. $7310 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@37%c per bale.
THE) SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Trading In local stock* and bands was
quiefer In the moraine, but bettar again h»
the afternoon.- th« total for the day being good.
Hops rule firm at - the advance, but - the
market exhibits no new features. Wool and
Hides • remain as , before quoted. Wool Is
quiet, and ¦ the buyers have , returned , from
the country, being unwilling to purchase any
more, owing' to. the high prices asked for the
clip. "Another -reason for- the inactivity, is
that ' moat .- of . the Wool now i coming In - is
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hop*
. The •' Hay - market remains precisely- as . be
fore stated. Supplies are still . excessive' and
were further increased yesterday ¦ by. receipts
of 1122" tons. .,: All grades' except-, strictly
choice .Wheat , are. weak,, and dull. ... _- , -
Bran Is reported in larger supply and easy.
though * no. decline ;i«' reported.' * ¦
- BRAN— $20 60@21 i 60 per ton. " )
' '-:. MIDDLINGS— $24©28 per' ton '
8HORT**-*20-60©21 50 pertbn . ' . " •*
';: FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23623 60
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15> I>r. : Robert D. 'Cohii' has 1 resumed ; practica at
loO Gearv'tt., Spring Valley bid.," rooms 73-75.*
- ;H« ;. wasn't , literary, hadn't; any politics,
couldn' t' tell a ; story .'•.: Did' we '.try.' to" lose 'him?
'Not .much! He 1 had 'three bottles '¦¦ of Old Gilt
Edjrfc whiskey In his trip. " ,"
Jamts Means' $2.50 and $3.00, shoes for
men .• have ,- no "equal. Superior; to "many
J3.60 shoes in -style, wear and shoemak
•ing/ <100 styles,. from maker to wearer.
James Means Shoe Store, 16 Fourth st. •
SAN'TA CRUZ. Sept. 2. — Barbara
Ellen Gushee has filed a contest- to the
probate of the will of. Annie E. Scott,
who left an estate valued at- $15,000.
She "alleges undue influence _ on'. the
part of those who are named heirs
m ~1 v-*^. ri T^"^..BiSaSW^^^MMi^^hsMfiSSMSJ^MBMSMSSSfBMB
In the wllL
Contests Probate of U19 Will.
.James McEvoy, who was, commit
ted to the State Hospital for! the In
sane at Napa . last June, • from which'
place he made his ¦ escape, was taken
into custody' yesterday 'by Policeman
,T. P. Riordan. The asylum officials
were ¦ notified -,of . his; capture. The es
caped" man created a wild scene in a
saloon on : Second ':' street , because he
was refused licuor. .. "-'¦">
Escaped From' Xa pa: Hospital.
At the "¦ last ; meeting of the ; United
Irish Societies prizes were awarded to
the winners of the Gaelic essay con
test at the recent Irish festival. Col
onel Thomas.F; Barry. presided and in
a. neat speech presented certificates to
the successful competitors. J. P. Mo
riarity and, Thomas O'Connor.; Miss
Korah McCarty's essay was given hon
orable mention.;;; ''¦¦'
.The -committee on " the • postponed
exercises of St. Patrick's day reported
Postponed Games to Be Held on the
: : Prcsldlb * Grounds on Ad-
PRIZES ARE AWARDED
; ; ron gaelic essays
At the- session of the Japanese
Methodist Conference yesterday a res
olution 'introduced by Rev! , Z. Hirota
commending the attitude of . Japan , in
its , struggle With ' Russia was " unani
mously adopted.
Bishop ' Wilson presided at the ses
sion, which" was by Rev. G:
F. .Reed, D. D.. .of ..the Methodist
church .-South, superintendent of Jap
anese work on the coast; Miss Jennie
S. Vail, for . many years teacher . of
English -language and literature in the
Methodist College -at Tokio, and Miss
Lake "of- 'the 'local' mission.' . • •
Commend' Japanese -.Warriors.
i s The Hayes Valley Stable yesterday
filed an amended complaint to its. suit
for * 'injunction , begun v.last Saturday!
against the Hackmeh's 'and ' Stable-!
men's unions and .'their/ officers.
the. day the original " suit -wis
filed the 'stable owners reached an
agreement with the Hackmen's,- Union.
On .that .account i the amended com
plaint leaves the hackmeiv out"- of ; the
action, and .the plea ;is directed; only,
against the Stablemen's' Union "and its
officers.'- .This -, condition, makes the
case ' identical i; with 'that ¦ . of Pierce
against the [ Stablemen's . Union, : > which
has been - decided ; by Judge - HuntVand
which " the union will* carry -to the ¦' Su
preme.' Court :•, .• . • . ¦ • -:.
Hnckmen N'ot Defendants.
The Newi Letter if in a 'ctttf by itself
and ewe a perscn becomes a r»»d»r its value
is aj>pr*ci«ted.' ...«;<
, Th« tCan Fr»nci«co N«»« Letter this week
milt tb« «it*ntlcn of th« public an 4 the *chocl
Iwards to the growing *v|| or Japar.i"tt atlend
tns: public echoolt. It Is argued frc-n a moral
e» well A* a. »ocUil.stan(3:<oint. . . .
The Knirhti" Templar souvenir rhows an ele-*
par.t picture of th- liaconic -Tempi*,, surround
ed by portrait* of th* members, of California.
Commandery No. 1 aDd Ooldcn Gate Com
tnarden- No. 1«. It i» well printed on hea\-y
coated r*per snd shouia t>e presented 'to all
%-jKiUn» Knirhu. ;
There is a.li>o a sUacias article about the
••Ft!r.r«r" and tt« om-iier.
The- article on Mawnry will b» better under
noM by member* of the order: than .by the
public. «t it rhows nomethlnr of: the werkingv
of the order. .
Japanese in Public Schools.
• A carload of ,trunks . and ' dress suit
cases just received at a saving of 50 per.
cent in freight. ,¦ If you are in need of- a
trunk, valise, dress suitcase, wrist bag
or. anything in_the : leather, goods line,
come and see the largest assortment ahd
lowest ! prices in the city.-. Sanborn. -Vail
& Co., .741 Market street. " •
A Carload of Trunks.
• This evening the management of Ter
race Garden- will throw, open the doors
of its elegant establishment to the pub
lic: : The place was constructed . after
original id«as of- Mr. Lus Cooper, who
traveled all over the world for material.
It will be the handsomest place of its
kind in America. There is no basement.
All departments are above ground, mak
ing the atmosphere pure and breezy.
Flowers and palm-trees enhance the.pic
turesque, appearance. The kitchen and
wine cellar are . the , best .that money can
secure/ A parlor and dining-room hand
somely furnished. has been set aside ex
clusively for ladies. . Prosper P. Re i ter.
recently connected with the. St. Francis
Hotel and previous to that with some of
the most famous hostelries in the world,
will look after the service. The music
will be under, the matchless supervision
of Bernat *Jaulus. one of. the foremost
musical . directors of ¦. Western America.
A Xcw Restaurant.
' M. J. -Welch, manager of Duffin's
ticket brokerage office. 63S Market
street. BUryfndered himself yesterday
morning -.toY United States Marshal
Shine on a complaint charging him
with violation of the shipping laws.
It is alleged^ that he. accepted a fee
for securing employment on board the
Government transport Thomas for.W.
F. McKehzle and G: H. Hudson. ."His
bonds we're fixed by United States
Commlssio'ner* Heacock at , $2 50! 'and
September' 8, at '1:30 o'clock p.- m.,
v.ag fixed. as the time for examination.
It is said that the military authori
ties charge Welch with having re
ceived $100 as a commission for hav
ing secured ' the jobs for the young
Tflc-n named.
He Is AcciiiCrt of Accepting: Commis
sions for Securing Jobs on
. Government i Transport.
WELCH SURRENDERS
HIMSELF TO MARSHAL*
The trust in the estate of Cather
ine Garcelon was terminated yester
day in Judge Seawell's department. of
the Superior Court, the petition "'and
answers thereto having been filed dur
ing the day and all "parties interest
ed agreeing to the proceeding*.''Un
der the Judgment the Samuel Merritt
Hospital trustees will purchase, 'at
$95,000. the water front property of
the Garcelon estate in Oakland and
pay $38,000 of the \ amount ', to the
Eowdoin College.
Eighteen other parcels of realty
are divided on the basis of six-tenths
and four-tenths respectively between
the hospital and the college.' The pe
tition for permissionto make the con
veyance was filed in the name of. Hen
ry Rogers, trustee of the ¦ Carherine
Garcelon estate. It was set forth that
the estate, otherwise, had been entire
'ly settled arid the bequests, *rf regat
,i:ig $211,300. have all been paid. It
-.vas found that the remaining 'parcels
or realty, nineteen in number, could
•not" be disposed of at their proper
value and an agreement v.*a$ made
brtween the two institution!, residu
ary legatees, for a division ' of the
holdings. i
Samuel Merritt Hospital.
Valuable Realty in Oakland Divided
Between Boudoln College and
COURT TER3IINATES TRUST
IN THE GARCELON ESTATE
provided. V ¦.':.¦¦
One "floor will be given over to op
erators*^ quarters - and another' to ap
paratus. The offices of- the" compahy
will be in another building. The;h*w
structure will not be completed before
August 1,1905. An architect and the
company's engineer are working on
the plans. _$Sfijfl| • ;'
¦ The purpose of the company, as ex
plained by Mr. Steiss,' is to. provide a
fireproof structure for operating pur
poses exclusively. The cost may hft
5100,000 or more. The equipment' will
cost much, more, as new-machinery,
an expensive and .'elaborate switch
board and every appliance to facili
tate the transaction of business will be
The Pacific States Telephone and
Telegraph Company will have a n3w
building ori Bush and Belden streets.
It will be. either six or seven' stories
high and will occupy all the available
ground room of a lot that is 40x137:6
feet in size. , ;';*" . '¦
Structure for Operating Purposes Is
Planned to~'< Give I Greater Facil-'
'Hies for Future "Work.
WILL. ERECT TELEPHONE
BUILDING ON ' BUSH STREET
Supervisor d'Ancona as the result of
his investigations will recommend that
the contract .with Hagan •& Kelly for
the burial of indigent dead be not com
pleted. The firm is at present operat
ing under a resolution of the Board of
Supervisors, but the contract has never
been signed. :
-D'Ancona sa#s that steps will be at
once taken to utilize the appropriation
of $5000 made in the last budget for the
purchase of a city cemetery. .As soon
as this is done the city itself will bury
the indigent dead.
An effort will be made to have the
bodies taken from city' institutions for
burial to the Morgue, instead of taking
them to the barn on Nineteenth street,
as Hagan & Kelly are at present, doing.
D'Ancona thinks a barn hardly a fit
place for the reception of the dead. The
bodies will.be kept at the Morgue until
the time for their transfer to the bury
ing ground. -
"The -manner of burying the city's
dead has been no worse than it always
was," said d'Ancona. "The fault lies in
the contract system that has been in
vogue. As to the taking ..away of the
wrong body, from' the hospital morgue
and its subsequent burial, I am unable
to say. whether the mistake was due to
Hagan &Kelly or to the man In charge,
"the regular morgue keeper having been
absent on account of illness. However,
we intend to remedy the matter, and
think we will do so when the city itself
doe3 the work. \ I have'; instructed Ha
gan & Kelly. to file" with the Board of
Health a: record of each. burial, and in
future to make weekly reports there
„ . ¦ •
on.
Supervisor d'Ancona, chairman of the
Health and Hospital Committee, and
City Engineer Woodward yesterday
made a visit of inspection" to the plat
in Sunnyvale Cemetery, San Mateo,
where the bodies of this city's indigent
dead are buried. The visit was made in
connection with the Investigation of the
manner in which' Hagan &: Kelly are
conducting the burials, some com
plaints having been made: in relation
thereto.
Flags were at halfmast on the rev
enue cutters of the Pacific fleet yes
terday out of respect for Captain
Michael A. Healy, late commander of
the revenue cutter Bear and for many
years an attache of the Treasury De
partment's sea service. At 10 o'clock
in the morning the big bell at St.'
Mary's (Paulist) Church on California
and Dupont streets tolled in an
nouncement of the requiem mass that
was celebrated there at that hour for
the repose of the soul of the dead of
ficer. Interment occurred . at Holy
Cross Cemetery shortly before noon.
The 'coffin containing Captain Hea
ly's remains was. borne to the altar
by members of. his crew : of the Bear.
The., honorary pall bearers were of
ficers of ' the revenue service. "The
church was crowded .with friends of
the family and many a seafaring man
found time to leave his ship to pay
last respects, to one whom tliey in life
had learned to admire and love. Near
ly 'all of. the captains of "pilot-boats, a
delegation' of skip'pers from the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company and .a
large proportion of the. crew of 'the
Bear attended the services.
. Rev. Michael.Carey officiated at; the
high mass and offered consolation to
Mrs. Healy,. who is prostrated over her
husband's death.
Members of the Crew of the Cutter
. Bear Accompany the Coffin to -
tlic Altar.
REMAINS OF CAPTAIN HEALY
INTERRED AT HOLY CROSS
Supervisors Will Not Com
plete Contract With the
Firm of Hagan & Kelly
For visitors to the "World's Fair to see th»
East. Reduced rates to Xew York and other
Eastern cities are now la effect via tha Penn
sylvania lines through either Chicago or St.
Louis. Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are - good via Washington, allowing ten days
at the national capital. Stopovers are also
allowed at Baltimore and Philadelphia. For
particulars ask E. M. Pomeroy, P. C. A.. 621
Market street. Saa Francisco. *
sin.
An Excellent Opportunity.
" The Rev." Faiher TK\ J.' Curiimin'gs 'of
St. Patrick's Church has been appoint
ed chancellor of the -archdiocese of
San Francisco ' to "' succeed the Rev.
Father P. Scanlan,*lately deceased. '
New Chancellor Appointed.
CITY TO BURY
INDIGENT DEAD
that arrangements had been complet
ed to hold the games at the Presidio
athletic grounds on Admission day.
Twenty-five gold and silver medala
snd silver trophies are offered. . En
tries are being rapidly made. ¦
Knights Templars should order California
bear-poppy cards from Edward Knowles Com
pany, 21 Second at. ; •
An orchestra rendered music through
out the fVenln^/ Solos were sung by
Miss Estelle ' Carpenter and Mrs. Me-
Glade.
. .Of i"fcls going there Is littlr that we can
eay. save with dtep regret. He has worked
too strongly, too thoughtfully, too successfully
here for us to hope to keep him here. The
greatest Institution for educational . workers
has called him to teach teachers, to lead lead
ers. So we slve him up. feeling that somehow,
though we. lose .him. he will always belong to
U*. For his ¦ r««t with us then we have only
glad appreciation: for his future acrors the
continent our • rod*P«ed and good wishes.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club
gave a farewell reception to Deputy
Superintendent Henry Suzzallo at the
Girls' High School last night. Professor
Suzzallo has been recently appointed
lecturer on education in the teachers'
college of Columbia University. He has
resigned his position in the San Fran
cisco School Department and will leave
shortly to take up his new work.
Professor Suzzallo is a Californian
and has received most of his education
and experience on this coast. He -is a
graduate of the State Normal* School
at San Jose and of the Stanford Uni
versity. He is regarded here as a bril
liant scholar' in educational theory and
a man of rare executive power in prac
tical affairs. '¦'.•'
His popularity was indicated by the
large number of teachers that assem
bled to bid him farewell. Sneaking for
the principals and teachers, A. L.
Mann, president of the club, said that
he ho;>ed the future would bring as
much success to the guest of the even
ing as the past had done. '.
! President Roncovieri of the Board of
•Education praised the work, of Pro
fessor Suzzallo highly. Superintendent
W. H. Langdon made the final speech
of appreciation. He said in part:
Whether H. W. Wilson, a boy of 16.
has been marooned on the coa&t of
Costa Rica, or whether he deserted
from the Pacific Mail steamship Pan
ama n, a matter which F. C. Wilson,
the bey's father, is anxious to have
Ure United States Grand Jury deter
mine. Mr. Wilson believes that his
tor has been cast ashore at Punta
Arenas, Costa Rica, and threatens C'np
tain 1 horr.pson, master of the Panama,
vith criminal prosecution. Uut ho has
n<» le.'ai evidence that his theory has
fact for a basis and Assistant United
States District Attorney Be;i L. Me-
Kinlry cannot see his way clear to
ptcM-nt the case to the Grand Jury.
The r filters of the Panam* have
Hated to United States District Attor
r.ey W.judwcrth that the boy was «.m
l^l^yod • as a waiter on the vess±I and
that, having been c-a-ught *Mtin;r .ice
cream, which is an infraction of the
rules, lit* was disrated anJ made to
scrub def-KK and perform other n.c-n.'al
labor 7. his being repugnant to him
he deserted ard the officers disclaim
all rejptmsibility for him.
The maximum penalty for marooning
is a fine of $500 and imprisonment for
six v.onhs.
Complaint of a Father
That His Sixteen- Year-Old
Son Has Been Marooned
Reception Given to Henry
Suzzallo. Former Deputy
Superintendent of Schools
TEACHERS BID
HIM FAREWELL
WAITER ADRIFT
IN COSTA RICA
The Fidelity Funding Company,
Empire Diamond Company and their
officers, defendants in the suit begun
by H-.F. Hobson, were! not ready yes
terday to ¦ answer the motion for an
appointment of a receiver for their
business, and Judge Seawell put the
hearing over until next ' Thursday at
2 o'clock. Hobson's charge, "in Eub
stance, is that the defendants are op
erating an alleged get-rich-quick
scheme, false in its promises and
fraudulent in its purposes. He says
that their victims number 15,000 or
more.
Receiver Is Refused.
The. trial of Lieutenant George S.
Richards Jr., who is accused of having
duplicated his pay . accounts, ¦ which
was to have been resumed »at the Pre
sidio this morning^before a ..court
martial, . has ' been "postponed . until
later in the month. This . was done
in deference to the wishes .off defend
ant's attorney, .Ralph L. Hathorn, who
stated that -he .had .been so busily en
gaged in arranging his of the
detail in connection , with \ the arrival
of. the Knights Templar that; he had
been unable to give the necessary at
tention to the case of his client.
The new protected rifle range at
the Presidio, adjacent to the Twenty
eighth ; Infantry I fcantonment, . is .". now
nearly completed;**; It has been
structed under tfie supervision of Cap
tain Charles R. Howland. It is some
thing of an experiment and the* re
sults are looked forward t6 with much
interest in army circles.- •; • :¦
General MacArthur's itinerary 'for
the^annual inspection of the. troops
suAToned in and: about.,Yosemite.^Val
ley was arranged yesterday.' . He will
leave here next Tuesday night for Yo
semite Park, then on to Sequoia Park
and then to Grant Park, returning to
headquarters on September 18.
A large portion of the, trip will be
made on horseback. The others in
the party will be Major P. W. West,
Captain F. L. Wihn- and Mrs. Mac-
Arthur. *-^;iYrSiU>;-;
The Third Battalion of the Twenty
eighth Infantry will . begin shooting
to-day at Rodeo rifle range. Captain
James Romayne goes in command. -,
Mrs. C. A. Devol, wife of Major De
vol, with her daughters, Misses Lucile
and Mary, departed for San . Antonio,
Texas, last night. Miss Lucile, who
has been ill for the last two months,
goes' to Texas for a change of climate.
Attorney Hathorn Asks for Continu
ance, as His Tinie'Is Engrossed
With Reception of Knights.
LIEUTENANT G.S. RICHARDS'
COURTMARTIALIS POSTPONED
The Supreme Court handed down a
decision" yesterday. affirming the right
of the Montecito Water Company to flf-.
teen miner's inches of the natural flow
of the Cold Springs, branch of Montecito
Creek. The city of Santa Barbara and
the corporations owning the Eaton and
Barker tunnels "are directed to observe
this. ruling for the future and -to pay
damages for (Certain amounts of water
that they have taken in the past. All
four parties to the contest will be al
lowed to' continue taking water, but the
Montecito Company's supply must not
be curtailed. The Superior Court is or
dered to fix the amount of damages
to the plaintiff and apportion it among
the, defendants^
The Montecitflr company possessed an
acknowledged right to fifteen miner's
inches of the- water in the creek. The
defendants did not attempt to take
water from the stream, but they con
structed tunnels along the banks of it;
Percolation caused an immediate cur
tailment of the. Montecito company's
supply. ..'.v*;.*>^ . .
The court found that of , the fifteen
miner's inches to which the plaintiff
was entitled the Eaton tunnel took 1.43
Inches, the Barker tunnel 2.25 inches
and the city of Santa Barbara 4.16
inches. The lower court ordered the de
fendants ;.to refrain taking any
of the Montecito' company's water- in
the future, , and, directed that another
action be begun'in relation to the ques
tion of damages. All parties to the con
test appealed. .
The case differs *, from the famous
Katz-Walkinshaw contest ] In that the
water in the proceeding at bar was not
used on riparian land, but was carried
to a distance,' and consequently a dif
ferent interpretation of the law is given
to meet the different conditions. «
As an -explanation of his- belief Pene
sets' forth that for years his wife has
been in almost daily and nightly, habit
of visiting "somnambulists, mediums
and card readers," and that she has
paid as high as $5 and $10 for a "ses
sion." He supplied the funds. He re
cites the fact that because of the
mother's cruelty one of his daughters
fled from home and he was obliged to
place the other in a convent. ¦ Pene
says his property • is worth not more
than $8400, instead, of $12,000, as alleged
in his wife's complaint- . ¦ . (
Judge Hunt granted a divorce to
Stella Butler from Paul J. Butler, a
police officer, on the testimony of her
self and sister that Butler had failed
to provide her with a proper home. She
is , the daughter of an officer of the
Wiley p. Allen Piano Company and
testified that her husband had built
thiir. three-room home at 545 Thirty
ninth street with piano boxes. The
partitions were made of the same ma
terial and pasted. with newspapers. The
rain dripped in on her when she was
ill and rats infested the rooms. She
says that Butler made her clean the
chicken houses, chicken raising' being
one of his hobbies. Judge Hunt award
ed her $150 lump alimony.
Judge Kerrigan granted divorces to
William W. Kelly from 'Alice Kelly for
desertion . and to Bernard Vennekohl
from Cecilia Vennekohl ". for- extreme
cruelty.
.Suit for divorce was .filed by Graham
& Wallace, a Fresno iaw. firm, in be
half of Irma B. Bolce against Harold
Bolce, whom she charges with having
been habitually intemperate for. the
past three years? They were married
in this city December 26. 1894.
Other suits for divorce were begun
by Thomas McArthur against Angeline
McArthur, for desertion; Frances Rob
inson against Rcbert Robinson, for de
sertion; Nellie Blumenthal against
Emil Blumenthal, for desertion;. Minnie
Corrigan against Thomas Corrigan,: for
neglect, and Fannie B. ! Thompson
against William E. Thompson, for de
sertion. .
Mary A. Jackson asks the Superior
Court to annul her marriage with John
Howard Van Horn, which. occurred. on
May 14, 1899, at Sacramento, before J.
B. Wilcox..a, minister, of the gosp6l.
She has only recently learned that Van
Horn married Eloise M. Morton at
Lake Park, Minn., in December; 1S95,
and that the former wife is still living
and.undivorced.
In an answer filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by John Baptiste Pene
to the suit for div« rce begun last week
"by|Mary Louise Pene the husband
¦makes no charge of iiifldelity, but de
clares that his wife will not live with
him because she says she "has a sec
ond husband to whom she must remain
faithful until released by him." The
identity of the "second husband" is not
disclosed, but Pene advisedly declares
that he believes the second spouse to
"be a mythical person who exists only
in the imagination of the plaintiff.',*
Judge Morrow does , not consider a
college education essential 'to make a
good lawyer, as some of the best in the
country have spent 'little time in the
schoolroom. He considers country prac
tice the best training, as ;it is more
general and a man" is forced .to do all
his own work instead of depending on
clerks, as in the city. : ' '?>?>(?
Some valuable advice to young men
about to begin the study of law - was
given by Circuit Judge" Morrow in the
Young Men's Christian Association au
ditorium last night. Judge Morrow
mentioned a few points which he said
it would" be useful for young attorneys
to remember.
In the first -place he suggested that
they get familiar with business affairs
and the personality of men. It is also
useful to cultivate a literary habit and
set some knowledge of good literature.
The . works of any of the classical
writers were.. recommended and the
Bible in particular.' was singled out as
a'' book which should be carefully,
studied, irrespective of religious beliefs
or tendencies, for its literary merit.
The most important point* the
speaker said,, is -for' a lawyer, to "know
the' method of procedure, as there are
more cases reversed .owing to the lack
of knowledge- on this point than .for
any other, reason. In other- prefessions
the technique is taught, but with law
yers it seems to be absolutely'forgot
ten.
New Interpretation of . Law
Involved Is tendered to
Meet Unusual Conditions
Leaky Home Built of Fath
er-in-Law's Piano Boxes
Police Officer Provides a
Familiarity With Business
: Affairs and Men as Well
as Lawbooks Is Necessary
HIGH PAY TOE MEDIUMS
SANTA EAEBAKA LOSES
ADVICE" <T0 YOUNG MEN
Supreme Court Thinks That
Montecito Company Has a
Valid Claim for* Damages
Judge Morrow Says Many
Cases Are Lost Through
Ignorance of Attorneys
John Pene Has No Faith in
Wife's Statement That She
Has - to -•• Obey - - - Another
WATER RIGHTS
CASE DECIDED
LAWYERS LAX
IN PROCEDURE
SECOND HUSBAND
MAY BE A MYTH
THE ; SAN t ' FRANCISeO^lGALE, SAXURDAY,- SEPTEMBER. 3, 190s:
16
Welcome, Sir Knights,
Ladies and All Visitors to Our City.
y/. — -, The Hale Store asks that you make
\" , :; /•• ¦ freest use of every convenience
\^a^S3^^X^ this store owns.
'/£^&&0i Ladies will find a comfortable restlne joom.
jBtjgglligggfljjg- • terials. magazines and papers, on the mo-za-
• ! A fun-'nedSd postoince "in the store, where j£U
may obtain stamps, money orders and mail
¦^ your letters. - t . *-,,.„
/ ~ m * L \ A halrdrcsslnj? parlor, with on « v of ln th * h lree
/ \ most experts of, the country in charpe.
L A -Mezzanine floor. Shampooing 5Cc and 75c.
Ghildren's Stockings 12k
, "As good nczvs as' mothers -will want to read.
For there are all -sizes at this price, and they are such
stockings as i6:2-3c won't pay for usually. Besides, if you buy
a. dozen pairs, pay $1.38. You don't need to take all one size,
either. Stocking all the children at once.
Fine ribbed, heavy, black cotton stockings, made from hard-twisted.
wearable Maco cotton, extra long and elastic, seamless and fast DiacK a>e.
Then the knees, heels and toes are double, making them strong play ana
school stockings. , . ,_t a _-
Infants' stockings at 12^0 pr.— Fine rib. lisle thread finish, seamless
and fast black, very elastic, double soles, heels and toes; all sizes rrom 4 to
6. 12VaC pr. fl.38doz.pr. j| .
These Hale six stores are almost a wholesale outlet. That s why
it's worth while to make one of them your regular buying place— why
you save so much over usual retail prices.
85c Stocking at 80c pr— Extra fine Stocking^ at 15c P'T^ne ribbed cot-
rib lisle thread stockings, seamless, S^^?%/%.^ilSS^
fast <black. extra long- and elastic. hard twisted Maco yarn, double
¦ double knees, heels and toes; all knees, heels and toes; sizes from 6
sizes from 5 to 9 \i. 30c pr. to 9H- 15c pr.
$12.50 for $15.00 25c Goes Farther »
Ostrich Feather Boas To-Day in Drugs
The man who had them wanted Of course you want to buy
help to make a turn quickly. He where you can make your money
asked our New York buyer to go f art hest. But farthest in qual-
make an offer on these boas. . jt not Jn quant i ty . If you can
¦Tn e ey n2%0 he [n silver To"/ "l^fn set more quality and quantity both,
. Bold, for they're fine,, full.- fluffy so much the better. Think of Hale s
boas; in black.» gray and masrpte. . .
They're 1 *i yards long; colors won't io-aay. >
fade. They're guaranteed not to. Talcum Powder, 3 for 35c— Alien s
' $12.50 instead of J16.00. Royal Borated Talcum Powder.
98C for Beiroltr 83^0 OoQna pure and good. 3 for 35c
Feather Boas— 1V4 yds. long, all Toilet Soap, 3 cakea 35c— It s al-
black. or black and white mixed. mond. Pure, cleansing, pleasant.
It's a bargain many will apprecJ- 10c cake or 3 for 85c. -
. 'ate. See them to-day. race ' Powder, 35o— Camellia. Its
Imported. The best.
California Souvenirs B fSJ" a ?euS* *&' a3c " Handr
YOU Want SOme tO takehome. Batfclaff Cap, 35c — Of rubber cloth.
,. . ¦ . . . An excellent value. 35c
You want the most appropriate.
Maybe a pen wiper or bookmark. -» .. 14 . *-;__.-,,_
Shells are useful for paper weights. Cotton 3S It WOWS
A beautiful variety, and not expen- Everv one Can see it.
sive. - ¦ . * .
Then there are Pin Cnihlona, made For we are showing I5O plants
from bark chipped from the giant that have come 2OOO miles, all the
¦; : r redwoods— trees that are seen no- way f ro m Louisiana. The leaves
: cJHtor?la* he UnltCd StatCS bUt 1O have dried in coming that long
Portal Card., 35c '.do^-Wlth pic distance but the plants show their
tures of California on them. A nature (They grow in six months.
. \ variety of different views. As quickly as corn. Maybe you
View Books of Ban Francisco — didn't- realize that before.)
From 85c to $1.50. Good pictures On many O f them the pods have
of all the principal points. • . burst, showing the cotton all ready
-'. And any number of other souvenirs; to be picked. It's a sight the chll-
a long table full Just inside the dren especially should see. They
door. will get an idea of cotton they will
never get from books. Bring them.
BUY KNIGHTS TEM- r
PLAR DECORATIONS TO- (^g^F^ W jS5*ft
third floor. Emblems on flags. VT^np 6*o*4*^
Fine variety at lozv prices. • , Market Street. .Near Sbcth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SENSIBLE MOTHER
Proud of her children's teeth, consults a
dentist and learns that the beauty of perma-
nent teeth depends on the care taken of tho
first set.
SOZODONT
Liquid and Powder
should be used. The Liquid to penetrate into
the little crevices and purify them: tha
Powder to polish the outer surface and pre-
vent the accumulation of tartar.
» FORMS; LIQUID. POWDER. PASTE.
ooooooocQOoeoooooeoooo
| "The !
| Crusaders. 8
Visiting Knights Templar •
• And Their Friends •
• Are Cordially Invited to e
% See This J
I GRAND I
I PAINTING •
| GUMPS ART GALLERY I
© 113 Geary Street. $
48k Dfi RtL - Walsh
\¥f\fc Has Moved
;; ' \fcp * from 847
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless Extraction o^c
niunss ..::::5o c
Crowns $2.00 to S5.0O
IMate Work $3.00 to $25.00
Look for this nd. each other day.-
I iCARTERSl CCRE slCK HEADACRB »
Genuine Must Bear
BjVER Fac-Sirails Signatura
. MARKS BROS.
A RECENT DEAL
By Our 3Tew Tork Buyer Enables V*
to Sell the rollowln?
HOSIERY
; At Prices , If ever Before Equaled. ;
Women's AHover Lace Hose
• | -3 Pairs for $1.00 "I
Made to Sell f SAX.E "lK r
' ; At 50c> VI PBICB JJ^
.Imported HIGH-GEADE HOSE. Va-
riety of SICH LACE EFFECTS to
SEI.ECT rBOM. HEBMSDOBT DYE.
Misses' Lace Lisle Hose
Made to Sell I SALE JJ r
At a5c I, PBXCB *^V
SPIiICED HEEI.S — DOTTBIiESOItES.
Auto Veils
A BARE CHANCE In buy In * AUTO
VEILS — 3 yds. long; '. neat ¦ hem-
atltched border. Only a limited num-
ber left. . jtc^SSBsSSSM
45c
Chiffon Drape Veils
The7 r r«'lW yd». lonir. Here's >th«
BEST VAIiTTE tronyht out - THIS
SEASON for ' the . PRICE. The 50c
KIND. TO-DAY
•. • ¦ • ;:25c:-
Wool aiid Lisle Vests
WOMEN'S VESTS in OKAY and
WHITE ONLY. PANTS to match.
A BEGtXIiAE, 51.00 VAIiTTE. Now :
"''.;¦ .¦ ;?3c : : .
Louisine Wash Ribbon
In all the SEASONABLE SHADES.
4 inches wide. HEAVY. COBD EDGE.
A rerular 30o Quality. To-day
.:;';:| " ;:." ... 10c :'. - "
Taffeta Wash Ribbon
The - newest \ style Stitched Taffeta
Ribbon. In all colors. . 4 inches wide.
Sells regularly, for 25c. To-day
¦;v,;,v •-•S^lSc:..-
; Corsets
Here's some ¦plendid values In all the
Zieadincr Styles. In R." & ¦ O.. W. B H
Warner's and '• Royal Worcester Cor-
;
MARKS BROS.
'i, The Hi me of Honest Values.
1220-1224 Market Street
Souvenir I ¦
Conclave |
I Edition I
i To -Morrow I
...CONTAINS... ¦ "^"^L
r Foil Page Picture of Mounted Knight Templar.
S Influence of Tempfarism on ' The Annals of California
ij California. Commandery, No. 1.
U By Most Eminent Sir Reuben . • ¦ By. Eminent Sir. Chas. M.
i» Hefiley Lloyd. Past Grand Mas- Plum. '- ' ."','
8 ter of the Grand Encampment. * ~ ' , .
The : Annals of Golden Gate
[I The- Scottish Rite in Call- Commandery, No. 16.
rj fomia. Eminent Sir Philip D.
ll By Frank B. Ladd. Code. .' _ -^
k^," m,,tf .wuiriii^ The Progress of [Tern- -(^ aBm^^ l^ m^
plarism in California.
By Right Eminent Jacob
! Hart Neff. Ex-Lleutenant-
Governor of California.
Outline of Free Masonry
in California.
By J. W. Anderson. Past
Grand Lecturer of the
Grand Lodge. .•-¦"•; \ :
The Chivalric Origin of
Templar ism.
By Right Eminent Frank
* ' . William Sumner. . • Past
Grand Commander of the , J '$£J*£iJB
Grand Commandery of
California. •*"'- ; '
The Grand. Command-
ery of California.
By Eminent Sir William
A- Davies. .....
Fall Page of Officers of the . :
Grand Encampment of
the United States.
Fan P*ge of Officers Grand
Encampment of California.:
Souvenir Art Supplement
Welcome, Sir Knights.
Mao This Souvenir Ed tion - .
.¦;.'.' to Ycur Friends.
Price 5 Cents Copy