THE* WSJLTBBa.\ f '^
n — rr*
rorecart ytaad*^ at Saa,rrta-
> cl»co for fWt^hour* "•adliur >
'midnlarht, 8eptw^ber;S^i^-- ; .-~^£- J
P«ti Franclcco aad* "vicinity—
Fair Monday, except foffffy In
tfco morning 1 and at niffbt; fresh
wtit wi=d.
a. h. wn.i.scm.
Local Forecaster.
Continued on Pace S, Column^ 7.
• SORROW IS SOFTENED., ';
The people turned from . their mourning to
punish the assassin. Let that assassin be name
less ' forevermore. ' The national sorrow haa
.been softened and has yielded to the healing
touch of ttme. —Inspired • by love and admira
tion and gratitude, we. his f raters: you. .his
countrymen, gathered ¦< together from. all parU
of our united Country, devote this hour to. the
immortal memory of .Sir Knight ", William Mc-
Kinleyl : " . '
Three summers have ' shed their blossoms on
feature of which ' was the - bugle calls,
the Templar choir of California Com
mandery singing, the familiar ,song.
Other musical - features were ""."Lead
Thou Me On," by -the Templar choir of
California Comman'dery; "The -.Holy'
City" and "Star-Spangled Banner," by
Miss Millie- Flynn; "The. Lost^Chord"
and. "Rock of Ages."' by a chorus"un
der the direction of Professor McKen
zle: a paraphrase of "Nearer. My God,
to Thee," a transcription of Schubert's
serenade and the "Sanctus" from
"Mass Sollenelle," were rendered by the
band.
Sir Knight Shortridge's oration was
as follows:
How myeterious are the decreei of Provi
dence! How hard It is to suffer and not de
spair — how • pitiless and cruel seem the .blows'
that, smite upon our hearts and strike down
, the objects of our love, we know too. well,
pverrvhelmed &nd crushed by a great and un
expected sorrow, we * "trouble deaf heaven with
our 'bootless cries": we proFe and stagger In
darkness — the sun is dimmed, the stars go out;
we question and, God forgive us. doubt his . wis
dom and Justice. But once more ' the morntn?
breaks and' the darkners He-en away; sorrow Is
transmuted Into a sweet and tender memory:
our very ¦ pain Is swallowed up In ¦ pride cf
thorn we mourn: garlands of joy take the place
of the habiliments of woe; the, funeral sym
pathizer-becomes the marriage: guest,' and.
with heart purified by trial, with faith r«
.newed and 'doubts departed, we come to re
alize that "it l« God f s way. His will, not
burn, be done." ...
And if this b« true of each of us who ' has
loved and loet, howovertrue it Is of a nation
that is robbed of its champion and benefactor,
of its . leader in war. Us counselor In peace,
upon whom.* high honors hav.» been glaO'y.
placed, and whose life .and deeds , have -won
ami hold a united. people's gratitude and ven
eration.
As tu» heartbroken mcther sits . beside the
empty cradls and- weeps and. sings the lullaby
her baby nevermore wiirh»ar: as the bereft
father, more etern but no less sorrowing, listens
in vain ¦ for the ( childish footsteps, «o a great
nation, ma«l# up of many lovlns hearts. wa»
stricken by a mighty grief over • the loss of
Us cherished son anil stood beside his grave,
appalled at the "deep damnation of hla taking
ofT' "and affrighted at the awful crime i that
robbed the republic of Its faithful Chief Mag
istrate. • .
fi'As.the strains of the "dirge died away
the 'orchestra took up , the'overture^
from'.VTannhauser," and with it ths*
invocation ceremonies by the drill corps
of. California Commandery, the pictur
esque-feature of the evening,- began.
The lights ., were turned out, the great
red; cross last fading away, and the I
calcium revealed in the center of the
building the Knights and the vested
choir from Trinity Church arranged. in
a, circle, representing, the eternity of.
their, ildelity, around a young woman
holding in , her hands, the open Bible.
Softly, sweetly the white-robed singers
rendered "Lead. Kindly Light," while
the' Knights stood at attention. Theni
hats^were -doffed and on bended' knee;
the" Templars -listened to the Lord's :
Prayer,- then' arose and "joined' In
grand ]. old- hymn, ¦ "On ward, Christian;
Soldiers."-.- The evening's exercises; con-:
eluded -with •¦ "Tenting -To-night,'.'.; a.
v As ,early as 6 o'clock a crowd had
gathered in front of the Pavilion and
when the doors were thrown . open an
hour .and a half later the. street was
blc-ckade.d. When the services began
the; late comers, were being turned
away by hundreds.
';f Chopin's pathetic dirge, which was
played; at the funeral of the late Presi
dent, was. fittingly selected as the open
ing piece of music and, standing on the
platform where •, President McKinley
stood, but. three years ago, Samuel M.
Shortridge paid I a tribute . to , the dead
which brought tears to the eyes of the
auditors. • '. „ ' . ...
IXVOCATIOX CEREMONIES.^
\ The Knights Templar paused for a
moment: last evening in the duties of
Conclave, reception, sightseeing and
shaking of hanjis to sing again a; re
quiem in memory of their ( illustrious,
frater, the martyred President, Sir
Knight' William McKinley. The
memorial service was held in Mechan
ics' jPavilion. ' The \ great auditorium
Mp-as, thronged t by thousands, who .wit
nessed ; a ceremony .as impressive as
any ever seen in the United States and
one which .will, be impressed on their
minds until death stills the beating of
their hearts as it did that of the illus
trious man to whom they paid tribute
and in whose memory all heads were
reverentially, bowed as the hymns he
loved in life were sung.
Swifter ' than" lightning;, more' sudden than
WAS EVER A STUDENT.
H* was ever a student. He read much and
thought much, and by patient study and re
search and Ion* reflection on Government he
came to b« a master on politico-economical
questions affecting for weal cr woe the 1M« of
the republic.
He grew In wisdom as he grew in years:
h« crew !n -usefulness as he grew In power.
He waj a folltlclan. yes, in the true and alto
"cther proner sense, as Washinston was. aa
Jefferrcn was. as Jackson was. as Lincoln was.
an.1 like them, he was a statesman.
He wrs a constructivs statesman. a?gres
sive yot conservative, courageous yet cautioua.
If in days of peace he was saf- and sure, con
sider how masterful and well polled he was
in trtre of war. He loved peace and rejoiced
n her glories: h« grieved at w»rin<l <*<Pl°™l
Ita arcntea. But in spite of all honorable and
rUhfcus -ffort to av^rt It- duty and d«tmy
led u" into war during his first administration.
With what consummate ability he directed th.«
martUI forces. of tho nation we proudly and
rratefully remember. What some impatient men
t"ousht was timidity or vacillation— some In
flamed ciU"ns termed it cowardice— we now
kn™w was tb" wisest prudence and the highest
dTlomacy. rrayinj that the voice of rewot,
and justice misht yet prevail, and not un
aware that thtre were designing European na
tlnni that envied our greatness «nd would
have exulted at our fall, our great captain.
ca\m and unfearln*. waited ami hoped fnr
nea^o with weurity and honor. And then,
when humanity appealed and expiring fr-edom
cried forth leaped the American rwoM.
cried. THE FOE.
his grave: but It s?*rns but- y?s*?r;"!"iy t*at . he.
stood where now I stand an.t srck# <ror<5s flt
hop* and cheer and goodwill, toward all men.
The echo of those precious words hallow* thta
place. That classic face, that noble, two».
that kindly . ensile, that serene eye. these elo
quent llpa — they are before us again.
I*t cs briefly sketch the outlines of the great
career of William McKinley and see whether
If justifies our high estimate and is worthy
of out gratitfte and love.
"Born In 1.9-43. his labors and achievements
w»re crowded Into fifty-eight years. Cradled
in obtcurity, he -rose to world-wide cel«brlty.
Forward, upward, never hesitating when dutr
called firm ana couraseous In nfsh!3 of
dancer. strong and masterful m days of calm.
ever loyal, ever . steadfast, cherlshlnr and
working for all sections of his aouatry and In
turn trusted by ail. he stood at last on th«
very height of human power and earthly glory
—President of the United States. S?e how he
rose: schoolteacher, private soldier, second
lieutenant, first lieutenant, captain, maior.
lawyer State's Attorney. Congressman. Gov
ernor. President! What a splendid career!
His was ft. life of duty bravely done and
honor worthily won. In the stern voice of dutr
he heard the vole* of God. He was clean of
hand and pur* of heart and lofty of soul. Tha
flresldo was to him his earthly paradise, and
the Plaudits of the delighted and approviyr
multitude were nev«r so sweet to him as *"•<¦?
gentle voice of her he loved.
Thousands Gather in Pavilion to Offer Tribute
to Lamented President.
geant as they : marched from the . Pal
ace to'the'rhouse.pf worship. . ,
The representatives of the Great Pri
ory of England, headed by. the Earl of
Euston,. who have been at Del ; Monte
since Thursday, 1 will arrive- in • this city
about noon ; to-day, by special' train.
The partyVconsists 1 of the Earl" of Eus
ton. Rev. E.C.' Wright.? A;' Woodiwiss,
Thomas Fraser,' A. J. Thomas, ' Cy F.
Matier and v J.': P.-Dorman. "' ;
De Moiay- Commandery , of Boston,-
Mass., headed by William P. Stone; will
decorate' the grave of Starr King, in"
front of the ;tlnitarlan Church, : Frank
lin and Geary/ streets, i'thla morning, at
$ o'clock. (Starr;Klng y wa"s a ; prominent
Mason,' closely? identified;" with > theror
der in Boston: -..: ..;.-..., :...v^;-
Quiet of Sabbath Broken Only
by Arrivals.
IMPRESSIVE SCENE AT THE SERVICE IN MEMORY 5 OF^ THE ' LATE SIR •
KNIGHT WILLIAM McKINLEY. WHOSE PORTRAIT IS SHOWN. -WITH- DIS- <
TINGUISHED LAWYER AND YOUNG WOMAN WHO PARTICIPATED.
A tribute to the memory of a brother
—the late President William McKinley—
was paid •'•last evening by the
Knights Templar at Mechanics' "Pa
vilion. The service, solemn and.digni
fied, was'a fitting culmination of a day
of rest, and divine worship, in which
the thousands of Knights how gathered
here participated.
In many churches throughout the
city special ; services were, held in the
morning,, the" most notable ; being at the
First Congregational Church, Post and
Mason " streets. The Grand Encamp
ment of " the' United States ., attended
this service -In a- body. -Golden Gate
Commandery of this city acted as spe
cial escort I to * the . Grand Encampment,
the two -bodies forming a ; striking - : pa-
ET. PETERSBURG. Sept. 4. 7:40 p. m.
General Stakelberg's First Siberian
Army Corps, which was reported yes
terday by General Kuropatkin as hav
ing been cut off to th» westward of
Liaoyanc, h.is b?*»n safely extricated.
General K';ropatkln telpgraphed at 7
.o'clock Saturday evening that the
greater portion of his army was then
touth of Yantai. about ten miles north
cast <.<? Liaoyang. and that the other
portion of it was crossing the Taitse
River and taking uj> a position on the I
right bank. This message, which was
leceived l>y the Emperor early on Sun
day morning, threw a mr»re hopeful
lit ht on the position of the Russian
army, and the authorities gave sighs of
lelief.
There is no attempt, however, to con
ceal the gravity of the situation in view
of the absence of news regarding what
has occurred to-day.' It is not clear
from th* latest telegrams whether the
Russians are continuing their retreat
or have b*»en compelled to fac«? their
foe.
Th* gloomy report telegraphed by
the Russian commander In chief in
th«» early stages of the fight of Satur
day last and his bitter reproaches
against General Stakelberg are attrib
uted to his chagrin over the failure of
his offensive plans."
General Kuropatkin now telegraphs
«
that his only serious losses were con
fined to Major General Orloff's detach
ment, which was guarding the left
flank at Yentai. This detachment con
sisted of mixed European detachments
and was suddenly attacked by Japan
ese infantry and artillery concealed in
the tall Chinese corn and grass. The
Russians seem to have lost their heads
and to have retreated precipitately.
The Japanese inflicted great slaughter,
»r.* of General OrlofTs regiments losing
l.VK) men.
No details are given of the escape of
General .Stakelberg's corps from the
clutches of the enemy, but it is believed
that it owes its safety to the neglect
or the inability of the Japanese to fol
low up their advantage. General Stak
elberg was allowed to cross the river
and come up with the main army in
tin-.e to enable the shattered remnants
of Major General Orloff's detachment
to retreat. This exploit is likely to
condone General Stakelberg's disobedi
ence, but unless the Emperor forgives
him he will have to appear before a
court-martial and probably will lose
his command.
The War Office is able to make the
reassuring statement that the Russian
retreat from Liaoyang did not involve
the loss or gups and it is also declared
that the abandoned stores at Liaoyang
Continued to Pajjc 2, Column 3.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 4.— It is reported here this evening that
General Knropatkin has arrived at Tiehlins. Tiehling is twelve miles
north of Ventai. on the railroad, and eighteen miles south of Mukden.
Ventai is twite miles northeast of Liaoranz.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 4. — Emperor Nicholas this afternoon re
ceiied a telegram from General Kuropatkln, asking for the immediate
dl«patc!i to the Far llast of the Sixth Army Corps.
LONDON. Sept. 5.— The Chcfu correspondent of the Daily Chronicle,
In a dispatch dated September 3. says that fourteen regiments will leave
Toldo during the week to replace the men lost outside Port Arthur. The
losses at this point alone are estimated at 25,000.
ST. PETERSBURG. £«?pt. 4. — The Russian losses before Liaoyang
en September 2, as officially computed, were 3200. •». .
SAIGON. French Indo-China, Sept. 4. — The commander of the Rus
elAn cruij-er FHana has rcc-rived* orders from the Russian Admiralty to
disarm his resseL
Stakelberg's Corps Regains
Main Russian Army.
SOLEMN AND STATELY REQUIEM IS SUNG IN MEMORY
OF THE MARTYRED SIR KNIGHT WILLIAM M'KINLEY
The San Francisco Call.
Alcasar — "Eobert Emmet" Mat
. Jree To-Day. .'
California— -"Sapho."
Central — "The Ttrmt Born." Mat
inee To-Day.
Columbia — "Kafflei."
riscbcr'i — "Anhcuaer Pmi."
Matinee To-Day,
tlajestlc— "In the Falaca of th»
Kins'-" Matinee To-Day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matin ©•
To-Bay.
Tivoll— "The Toreador." Matiasa
To-i>i*y.
THE THEATS5S.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5/ 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 97.Much use is made in the vineyards
of Algeria of sulphate of copper; more
than 120 ions were imported last year,
from the United States.
The oldest collection of moral
maxims known is that 6t the Fresse
Papyrus, dating 2600 years B. C* re
cently found in a tomb at Thebes.
They have been translated, by Phll
lippe Vlvey, the famous French Egyp
tologist, and rival In excellence th«
proverbs of the Hebrews.;"^--'
We. are selling agents for. 'The Water
man Ideal-Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall." the best $1 fountain
pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. -' •
Good Points to Remember.
For visitors' to the World's Fair t» ae« thm
East. Reduced rates to New Tortc. and <*h«r
Eastern cities are now In effect Tla th* Tman
«ylvaaU line* -throush eUher._ChJcaro_ or St.
Louis Tickets to New York and PhilsdatpfcU
are (food via Washington, ajlowlaif tea day»
at the national capital. Stopovers at* aOso
allowed at Baltimore and Philadelphia. For
particulars ask E. M.- Pomeroy. P. C A.. 821
Market street. San Francisco. ;.• :
Aii "Excellent Opportunity.
DRESDEN, Sept. 4. — The discovery
has beep made that Lieutenant Count
Mattasisch Keglevitch lived incognito
at Klotsche. a suburb of Dresden, for
Fcveral weeks preceding the flight of
Princess Louise of Saxe-Coburg from
I3i:delster and that he frequently com
municated secretly with the Princess.
When she wa* staying at Coswig the
Princess one day slipped away and hid
in tne neighborhood, but she was
found and taken back. She explained
her absence by saying that she had
got lost.
I.i\cd Incognito in Suburb anil Con
stantly Communicated With the
King's Daughter.
ix>vl:k of pijixce louise
WAS XEAK IIEK F<5ll WEEKS
AUXERRE. France. Sept. 4.—Pre
mier Combes made aif important
speech here to-day. In reviewing the
policy of the Government during the
last two years he claimed that the
municipal and departmental elections
h^'d given full evidence that it was
approved by the country.
Regarding the future, the Premier
E«iid he would continue to carry out
his policy for national sovereignty and
the complete laicization of society. The
religious power had openly torn up
the concordat and it was not his in
tention to try to mend it.
The risk of Franco losing her po
sition as the protector of Eastern'
Catholics, 1 he Premier said, was a
wholly insufficient motive for forego
. ing the separation of church and state,
which Circumstances had obliged him
to inscribe on his programme, along
side the reduction of military service,
the income tax and workmen's pen
sions.
Th^ Premier was heartily ap
j-laudod-
Four switches on the Chicago Junc
tion tracks 'in the vicinity of the
stock Tards were torn out to-night,
signals, track and all, by some un
known persons, ~in an effort' to wreck
trains carrying meat from the pack
ing plants. The absence of the switcn
lights was discovered in time, how-'
ever, to prevent an .accident, and sl.
guard of policemen has been placed
along the tracks to prevent any fur
ther attempt at train-wrecking.
nelly, declared victory would follow if
the strikers would remain out about
two months longer.
The Sunday quiet at the stockyards
was marred by but one insignificant
disturbance.
As ' the" car swiftly rounded the turn
at Thirty-third avenue Frank Tlomanio
ajid Miss Virginia Sorena were- thrown
forcibly from their seats. ; Romajiio
was killed- almost instantly and the
young woman was badly bruised.
An ambulance was sent for and the
dead man and Miss Sorena were taken
to the French Hospital. Here the
woman was treated for severe lacer
ations of the. scalp* and extensive con
tusions. The body of the dead man
was later taken to the Morgue.
The motorman-was trying to make
up for lost time and let his car take
its course down a steep grade. -
Its speed increased so that he could
not check it at the turn. The car was
crowded, but all except the two named
managed to cling to their seats.
Romanio was 31 years old- He had
been living at the Garibaldi Hotel- Vir
ginia Sorena resides at . 1419. Mason
street
Motorman Schwartz will probably b«
arrested this' morning and charged
with manslaughter.
A car of the Sutro Railroad whirling
in from the beach at a terrific speed
last night hurled two passengers to the
ground, killing one and injuring anoth
er. The car was in ' charge ot Motor
man Schwartz.
Man Killed and Woman Hurt
>by Being Thrown From
Platform of Dummy
CAR ACCIDENT
ENDS IN DEATH
What effect the present: result will
have upon Kuropatkin's reputation, at
home it is impossible to say. - It may
be remembered, however, . that before
starting tor the Far. East; General
Kuropatkin said that he fully expected
his reputation to- sink lower than his
friends even dreamed, but that there
after there -aould come a turn and it
would rebound. . He was unwilling to
predict where the, turn would occur.
The battleship Orel ; . % has. gone f to
Kronstadt. This brings* Rear 'Admiral
Rojestvensky's squadron up to its full
complement. . . , , " '
One feature of the situation, however,
has apparently been overlooked by the
local critics in their recent eagerness
to chronicle a decisive engagement,
namely, that Kuropatkin is still- in
command of the railway and apparent
ly has saved a majority of the rolling
Ftock. This is chiefly^ in requisition at
present for the transportation of the
wounded, but Mukden, with strong de
fenses, is less than thirty miles north
of Yentai. What force, Kuropatkin -is
holding in reserve there even the au
thorities do not exactly know, but It is
believed that it must.be considerable,
while th'e European reinforcements,
which have been rushed east for weeks
past, are pouring in there, daily. ,
The Japanese army is confessedly
r-xhausted and is getting farther from
its base of supplies. If it reach Muk
den without dealing. Kurppatkin a
crushing blow— and Field Marshal
Oyama seems to be not yet able to
envelop the Russian force— the Japan
ese will find themselves in front of. a
fresh and strongly defended city,
where' the Russians will be 'sure of a
v/arm 1 welcome and, renewed supplies
and against which it' seems impossible
that the Japanese commander, will be
able to hurl his brave, but worn out
and possibly starving, forces. ,;.
It is possible that even now Rusgian
reinforcements may be descending from
the north to. aid their retreating com
rades at Mukden, which, is less than
two days' ordinary march distant, even
ignoring the, railway. . ,. .; y
The country is ill suited to military
operations. It is flatter and more open
than the region south of Liaoyang, but
is covered _at this season with dense
fields of Chinese corn, growing higher,
than a man on horseback. It is more
suited to surprise tactics and to of
fensive operations than to an orderly
retreat.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5, 2:20 p.
m.— There was bitter disappointment
las't night— probably the keenest of the
whole land campaign — over the situa
tion at the front. Up to Liaoyang the
retreating from and the abandonment
of pofeitions had been expected' and,
that much the public and? the officials
thought they knew of General Kuro
patkin's plan of campaign; Had. Liao
yang been abandoned, without a fight
the public at least would have looked
forward patiently to a decisive; stand;
at Mukden, but. after a .desperate
battle, with victory for the. instant, ap
parently in sight, to find;' Liaoyang
abandoned, its immense stores, captured
or destroyed and-thO; "'retreat cdnttnued
under most adyerse* cjondittbris,- severely
tries public corifid^rtce'in.(he^mmajiJ-'i
der in chief. ¦ V-a&:±s--.'- ¦'.^" : -i' '" \ ::?'&¦
At this hourj even , the {authorities
know',* little more than, 1 . what alrekdy
hafj.^^en' given' to'. thi.piubllc. T.here?is,
still much doubtf-as'to wheth>n:/3Kiji*o
patkin is'.' continuihgr. v his'; ;retEeat- or
indeed, he has.-Txeeh'-'aible -to
'do so,-, but Uhe public' so' far; is not
aware of General Stakelberg's . harrow
escape from being cut '.off;
¦The. situation as it is known. t&: date
is that the Russian army is south "of
the branch railway connecting Yentai
station, twelve miles northeast of Liao
yang, with the Yentai mines, where
fierce fighting has been in progress. '
Active righting seems to have been
suspended for the moment, the armies
probably resting after their terrific and
continuous exertions of the; past ten
days— the longest single battle in his
tory—and it will depend upon their
respective recuperative powers as to
which will first be able to resume ac
tivity. . . . '.....
Russians Losing Confidence in Their
'; '.Commander in CJiief.
GLOOM l.\ WAR'S CAPITAL.
The prison officials were completely
duped and handed ov<er the assassin,
who was driven away in the most de
liberate marmer. "Nothing has been
heard since either of the assassin or
of the bogus officers. The letter pre
sented at the prison was a clever forg
ery, written on. official paper of. tha
Ministry of Justice.
Sp«cUl Cable to Th» CalT *n<5 Xew Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by th« N«w York
Herald Publishing Company. ,
LONDON. Sept. 5.— A special dls-'
patch from St. Petersburg says tfcat
by a daringly conceived coup on the
part of his friends. Sassoneff, the mur
derer of Von Piehwe, succeeded la
escaping from prison- •
Early on Saturday morning fwro men;
apparently officers of high rank,-ac
companied by an army surgeon and
two gendarmes, presented tSiemselvea
at the prison with a note alleged to be
from Minister of Justice MuravleC
The forged note sanctioned the removal
of Sassoneff.
"The action of the New York strikers,
who are said to have voted to desert
us," said, Donnelly, "was not entirely
unexpected. Their grievances were not
as great as ours, as, they quit work
merely in sympathy with the strike of
the . members- of the Butchers' . Union.
Before next Saturday night I expect
there will be fully 10,000 workmen in
volved in the struggle, and the product
of tie Now York plants will not break
»he' tie-up planned for this week." It
has -. been predicted by many that the
sti ike ., would be called off before, to
'day. but we are still in the struggle
and will remain.
"It would not be fair to you -if : I
'called the strike off. You empowered
me to start it. and you will have ; to in
struct me- by a. general .vote to end it.
Let no one «be discouraged; if. the. fight
Eeems to drag along. 1 . "We will. be, all the
stronger and, will secure a better set
tlement if .we" stay- out for seven, or
eight' weeks longer." : . -H:
. C 'E.i Schmidt, vice • president of the
Meat Cutters' :Union . in ¦ California, also
addressed the strikers. He, like Don-
: CHICAGO, Sept. 4.— The . return to
work of . the.SiOO strikers in New York
City will have no material eflect upon
the general situation in the stockyards
strike, according to President Donnelly
of the Butchers' Union. In an address
this afternoon before an audience com
posed of 5000 strikers and their friends
Donnelly declared that despite the de
sertion of the New York members of
the union he would make no change in
his plans to tie up the industry
<j* the country this week.. .
Leader- of Striking Butcli
ers 'Claims Desertion of
New Yorkers jjfas Expected
URGES THE MEN
TO STAND FIRM
"First— The Korean Government shall
engage as financial adviser to .the
Korean Government a Japanese sub
ject recommended .. by., the Japanese
Government, and all : matters conce'rn
ing 'finance-shall be deaff.wlth after*his
counsel has- been taken.';* -:>:'.': .'-•.-'.•: /
- '.'Second— The Korean"; -vGoyernment
shall engage as diplorhat|c,jadyiser;tq
the Department of ForeigB ! Affairs . a
foreigner recommended b'y/the^Japan
ese Government, and all ; important
matters concerning foreign relations
shall be dealt.' with after; his ;. counsel
has' been taken.
"Third— The Korean Government
shall previously, consult the Japanese
Government in concluding treaties and
conventions with foreign powers arid
in 'dealing with other important dip
lomatic affairs, such as the granting
of . concessions to or the making of
contracts with foreigners."
The Japanese Government 'explained
the foregoing agreement as follows:
"This agreement is nothing more
than a natural and logical sequence to
the; protocol of February 23. It will be
remembered that in this- protocol the
Japanese Government undertook to
give advice to the Korean Government
with regard to improvements of ad
ministration, which advice the latter
a,greed to accept .with full confidence.
The financial embarrassment of the
Korean 1 Government has been, in the
past, a constant cause of internal
trouble and the. chief hindrance to the
development of foreign commerce. This
serious aspect * of ' Korean administra
tion naturally , attracted the first at
tention '¦¦ of the Japanese
7 "It Cwill -be remembered .further that
in »the -protocol -itVw.aa stipulated that
in" ''case c'thV-Vweif are - of "~ the imperial
house of Korea, ' pr»the;,terrHorial , Jn
ti'grity 'OfuKorear was- endangered^ by
the : agre^siJpn; of ra^ third vpower or, by,
in.tern&IiidisturbaneJe,.;. the Japanese
Government, was to; take/the measures
made requisite 'b*y the circumstances.
This stipulation makes it incumbent
upon' Japan to exercise careful-con
trol respecting Korean diplomacy. 1 In
fact, the responsibilites devolving upon
the Japanese Government in -conse
quence of this protocol of February
23 can be discharged only by possess
ing a consultive voice in all import
ant questions of foreign intercourse
and in assisting Korea to secure trust
worthy advisers to examine on the
spot questions of international con
cern. These measures ''to j control
Korean finances and Korean foreign
intercourse do not )n any way inter
fere with the full operation and va
lidity of Korea's treaties.
''Article No. 3 is not intended to
place;' an' impediment- up£ri the legiti
mate enterprise of foreigners in the
sphere' of commerce and industry, but
is caluculated to serve as a precaution
against the^conclusion of improvident
and dangerous engagements, which' in
the past often have proved to be sources
of serious complications, such as was
shown conspicuously in the case of the
Russian lease at Yongampho."
Durham" White Stevens, counselor
of the Japanese legation in Washing
ton, will be the diplomatic adviser to
the Korean Government,' while Me
gnta. Director of the Revenue Bureau
a* Tokio, .will be Korea's financial ad
viser. . ¦
TOKIO, Sept. 5.— The Government to
day published . the text of an agree
ment signed at Seoul on the 22d of
August between representatives : of
Japan and Korea. The agreement fol
lows: .- ¦ •
Hermit Kingdom's Polk-y to Be
Shai>ecl by the Mikado.
JAPAN'S .PACT WITH KOREA.
"The" area of operations is almost
entirely, .covered by growing Chinese
corn, which greatly impedes the move
ments of the troops.
't'The; retreat of Major General Or
loff's detachment • yesterday (Friday)
was largely due to the fire with which
the force was' assailed among the mil
let fields.; General OrlofTs losses were
considerable, one regiment alone losing
1500 men.". .¦"
'"The Japanese, although they were
in the immediate vicinity, of our troops
to-day, confined themselves principally
tb;sniping'from the Chinese cornfields.
';' ' ; Our' troops which were posted at
Liaoyang are crossing to the right bank
of the^TaitseT- River.' : = • ' -
Following is the full text of Kuro
patkin's report: ' .
"'To-day, September 3, the greater
part of,' the Russian army, including the
First Siberian Army Corps, is occupy
ing positions south of the branch rail
way from Yentai station to the Yentai.
mines.' "
Continued from Page l. Column 2.'
were ?et on fire before the Russians
crossed the Taitse River. •
SLAV COMMANDER'S REPORT.
had made the Japanese pay sufficiently
for their attempts to take it.
• ST.- PETERSBURG. Sept. 5. 7:03 a.
in.— The Xovoo Vremya, this morning,
claims to have information to the. cf
[fect that the bulk of the. Russian su!>
.Iplies wern removed from Llaoyjuig to
f JMukdcn before the battle commenced.
(The paper says that thn belief of the
I public that Llaoyans woufd be held by
j the Russians was based on the suppo
! sition that the supplies were still there
'and .'it was believed that Liaoyang
[would be a sort of Plevna-held garri
| son, even if the main army retreated
1 northward. The fact is. however, the
'paper; adds, that ths pltiec h:\d .been;
•virtually dismantled r.ritl Avar, held by
' a' strong rear guard. Thi battle fnt
r Liaoyang, therefore, becomes merely
'rearguard action of an exceptionally
j fierce, character. Liaoyang's defenders
I have riow safely extricated theniselves,
j the paper, concludes, and have Joined
1 the main army across the Taitse. River,
' in the neJghboVhotd of Yentai. '
! ' Th'o Novoe -Vremya says thi.'.t' Cap
; tain. SchirafftTuf General Kuropatkin's
jstaft*. who Js coqiing to : St.- '.Petersburg.
. with dispatches, in an ; interview . at
I Moscow, said as early as the middle of
3 July were ; begun for the.
j evacuation ;df Liaoyang. When "he" \<&it\
there on August: 15; the town was . al-'
most' wholly a^shell surrounded by for- ;
tifications; > from : which the Russian
•force, intended to slip as soon as they
.Before thc'Baitle Co:nnifiv.cJ.
Ilu«s.ians Itcmovctl. B'.ilfcj"pr Supplies
NO STORKS AT LIiAOYAXG
, ,"T,he Russians' immense .. losses in
men and. guns and. their supreme ex
ample, of. discipline and. determination,
concentrating with unshaken firmness
for another fight, count," according to
the Daily Telegraph, "for no more than
"puperhuman prodigies of courage" and
tenacity performed .by the JapancsS
unless soiriethinp more has. bee:i
achieved than is shown in the late dis
patches." '.
The Standard characterizes Kuropat
kin's transport of his army. across the
"wide and flooded Taitse River, in the
face "of a pursuing enemy," as a re
markable featViind voices th3 general
belief that the Russian commander,
having temporarily extricated himself,
will. still continue on his retreat with
an "army in being."
' Reflecting the British Government's
yiewSj the .Daily Telegraph comments
solely upon the point that nothing has
been, accomplished, unless Kuropatkin's
force is nut out of action.
! Such a keen supporter of the Jap
anese' as the Daily Telegraph this
morning rather regretfully admits that
Oyama' "failed. to achieve his strategical
pbiect." . ,. '-. '.,-.-
"All we know," says the Daily
Graphic, "is that the battle of Liaoyang
lias been* fought and won by' the Jap
anese. We have yet to learn the extent
of the defeat of the Russians."
Kuropatkin's position is generally
held to be still desperate,, but, as the
Daily News says, the latest cablegrams
point to the fact that ttte Japanese
have "lost the chance of achieving an
unequivocal triumph."
» The- Morning- Post .pays a .high trib
ute to Kuropatkin's genius and to the
traditional morale -.of . the , Russian
troops under the disadvantages of de
feat. '.It. believes-.that a pause will now
,f«ljow-. events, that even in . themselves,
.wpuld mark the century with a grand.
Tragedy. * .;.. . ¦ . v
.That , the Japanese,' with superior
numbers 'and "the .choice, of time for
aggression, wouldinflict severe losses
was taken for granted here. The. oc
cupation of Liaoyang, with enormous
Russian casualties and the evacuation
of fortified positions, are regarded here
as merely Incidents. Though «t is rec
ognized; that- the 1 : week's battle must
.take its place :*as one of the. bloodiest in
ancient or modern 'history, .yet if Kuro
jpatkln reach Mukden ; with h potential
oC his army pyama's/. effort 1
AvHl, in English eyp*>»b*e "regarded -more
of less d'sTa r 'f}r.uittoss. l sacrJfiee. - ; v. r >
; • The '. bravery t>f* bjHty ! 'ithe opposing
i forces excites Mete a' thrill of admira
tion mixed wi,iH>6we. Steeped.'as fing
llsh military critics are in' the histories
of their own wars for centuries past,'
the cofhbination of fanaticism and scir
; ence displayed under mbdernconditions
: of warfare around Liaoyang strikes for
them a new and almost terrible note.
Within -the ¦ past- six weeks;. a large
number;qf : troops have .left Russia for
the front," and these soon will be added
to Kuropatkin's army, placing it upon
an' equality with or making it. superior
to the combined Japanese armies.-- . ;¦•
• Should the 1 Japanese 'continue the
pursuit of ; Kuropatkin, the next; great
battle probably will be fought very soon
at Mukden. : -In the meantime; there
may be a series of rear-guard actions.
At Mukden, Kuropatkin in all, proba
bility will make another determined
stand, retreating again 'if he should
find his position in danger of being" sur
rounded. His army; will be • strengths
enedby the addition of the garrison
at Mukden, whose exact number is not
known. ; : - •• ,
\ It is doubted he"re'if the'vJapanese will
continue;-the.. : pursuit -, ' of Kuropatkin
much farther. ..It- is hot, unlikely that
they -will remain* ?at : -'LJaoyan^^yand
strongly, .intrench, ! v against'S,the,M time
when Kurqriatkin, reinfo,rced,\shall take
•t.h'e off enslve'an'd.'' sweep -do wn ; f romrihe
north in an v Httfimptv toVA regain y the
ground he 'has i iosfcr Byj following- the
pursuit farther, thtf? Japanese would tie
playing into.: the ' r hands; of -'KuropatRin
by Vthe-' consequent lengthening of , their
line of 'communications, while the Rus
sian force, is ¦'¦ drawing nearer its own
base. "' : *'; I** ¦ ".¦•*;.' '" ,-~ ' -.¦ ¦
even the loss;bf a guii and that.Stakel
hci'g's c6rps' : had succeeded in. rejoining
the main .army. ~A> ¦:« •; ;¦-¦'.
After seven days of terrific fighting,
in which; the Japanese losses .are: ad
mitted to have .been .enormous-, i the. net
results are tmj" '.occupation of. Liaoyang,
which has -little strategic value, and the
destruction of the stores that Kuropat
kin could not take "w,iih^ him in his re
treat. With the »ehtire Russian,, army
out of the.; trap set ' by , Field .Marshal
Marquis Oyama and well bn'itsrway to
Mukden, the : Japanese"~'rmist begin I all
overagain. ;' - '~ ' ': •'.- ¦ .] ¦ ": :.' \ •> '¦'¦'_'•
Note Alleged to Be From
Minister of Justice Mara—
vieff Is Presented and Its|
Order Is Promptly. Obeyed
Meager Advices From Front Leave Doubt as to Whether
\ Kuropatkin Has- Fully-Extrieated His Army.
DUPE OFFICIALS
WITH FOKGERY
On September 1, owing to the extreme
fatigue of Generals Oku's and Nodzu's
forces, all was quiet until 2 o'clock in
the afternoon, when forty-two guns
opened simultaneously on Liaoyang and
continued until dark. Little damage
was done, only four persons being
killed. The Russian artillery began to
reply at 3 p. m. and under cover of a
.sharp cannonade the evacuation of the
town was commenced and a' new rail
road station was established several
versts to the north, the station master,
his assistants and the engineers all
working bravely under fire and ap
parently having contempt for the flying
shells. General Kuropatkin decorated
the station master for his services.
The fight of August 3M continued in
a terrific manner until after dark. The
Japanese maintained a sxorm of artil
lery fire on the- Russian positions and
pressed the Russian right flank and
southern front, but they were driven
back by the infantry whenever they
came within rifle range.
The Russians are in the best of
spirits. The wounded speak in the
highest terms of . the bravery and en
durance of the Japanese-
The battle near Liaoyang continues
to-day (Saturday)". There has been
hot cross-firing at the Yentai, mines,
but at present silence prevails and no
firing is heard in any direction.
HEAVY. ARTILIiKRY FIRE.
YEXTAI. Saturday, Sept. 3.— The
battle continued with great fierceness
up to Friday. The Russians evacuated
Liaoyang, but got the bulk of" their
rolling stock across the river safely.
A new station, with locomotives, trains,
etc., was... established several versts
north of the Taitse River, as was a
general station for the Red Cross.
On- Friday, the fc-urth day of the
battle of Liaoyang and the tenth of
the 'general advance, the battle .com
menced at dawn on both sides of the
Taitse River. The Japanese .advanced
early in the morning in the direction of
the Yentai mines, which were' defended
by twelve battalions* '¦>.' * ' !
Owing to the superiority of the Jap
anese-this force was giving way, pre
paratory to 'retiring" on its rear;. posi
tion, when fresh men were brought up,
which enabled it to retain its former
position.
From the left bank of the Taitse the
Japanese persistently bombarded Liao
yang,..their ..shells reaching as far as
the railway station. ".
The Russian- troops on September 1
occupied the main line, where the Jap
anese assaults - were persistent and
deadly;- and ' the Russians tivt only
stood off •: the attacks, but tookthe of
fensive, broke the Japanese lines and
occupied a. village in front of the posi
tion;;;
CHARGE- THROUGH COHNFIELD.
The> advance through the Chinese
corn, whlgh was' more • than fourteen
feet high, was very difficult, though
thVstalks had been cut down in places.
The Russians pushed forward in the
face Qfe^all' obstacles and. reaching the
Japanese lines, drove in an assault be
fore which the Japanese fled, leaving
piles of corpses. The Russian losses
also were very heavy.
On the evening of September 2 a large
Japanese force occupied the right bank
of the Taitse' River. is reported to
have consisted of the "whole of General
Kuroki's and Nodzu's armies, General
Oku alone' remaining south of Liao
yang, . . *
The Chined population is quiet. The
Chinese bandits are sometimes offens
ive when" they become encouraged by
the Japanese advance.
The Emperor has conferred upon
Major General Mistchenko . a gojd
rv.ounted sword, sot. with brilliants, In
scribed: "For bravery in repelling the
J&panese attacks of July 23, 26
/ind 27." ¦ : \. ¦
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 4: — Major
\er.erals Aiexlc-ff, Rennenkampff, Gern
rossand Fock have been promoted to
IK-utenant generals for . distinguished
services in face of the dnemy and
Lieutenant General Linevitch has been
made a general of infantry for meri
torious services.
AIoxicfT. R^nnenkampff, Gernros* and
F00U Aits Advanced.
CZAR PROMOTES GENERALS.
The severity of the 'Russian defeat
hinges largely oo Kuroki's movement.
If successful, the number of Russian
prisoners will be large. The meager re
ports received indicate that the sol
diers of both armies went to the limit
of human endurance and suffered ter
ribly. It was impossible constantly to
supply them v/jth food and water and
the men have fought for, days past
starving and parched with thirst.
Although fail details are lacking, the
duration of the fighting, the numbers
engaged and the losses so far reported
indicate that the battle of Liaoyang
will pre\e to . have been one of the
greatest of history. . .
The dispatch received from Field
Marshal Oyama announcing the fall of
Liaoyang had the* effect of cheering up
all the subjects of the Mikado.
Throughout the rejoicings here, follow
ing the earlier successes of the Japan
ese arms at Liaoyang, the more
thoughtful Japanese, feared the results
of the exposure to which the right wing
of General Kuroki's army was sub
jected and It was held possible that
the strength of the Liaoyang fortifica
tions would permit the withdrawal of
the bulk of the Russian forces . there.
Even now there is doubt concerning
the number of Russians who hav^ es
caped, but there is no doubt about the
character of the victory at Liaoyang.'
Tokio was brilliantly illuminated to
night and Joyful crowds paraded the
streets, cheering the exploits of Field
Marsha] Oyama and Generals' Oku,
Kuroki and Nodzu.
Surrounded.
TOKIO. Sept. 4.— Beyond Field Mar
shal Oyama's dispatches reporting the
occupation of Liaoyang'and the com
mencement'of General Kuroki's turn-*
ing movement against the Russian left,
nothing further concerning the battlfe
o-f Liaoyang has reached Tokio to-day.
Neither the number of Russians who
succeeded in- escaping northward nor
the number encompassed by General
Kuroki's turning movement is known
here.
Toldo Yet Believes Kuropntkin to Be
EXIMvCTS NEWS OF CAPTURE.
6pecia! r^ble to The Call and New York j
Herald. CcpjTlKlit, 1004. by the New York i
Herald Publishing; Company.
CHEFU, Sept. 4.— Since August 31,
when the second general attack on Port
Arthur ceased, quietness has prevailed
there. : : ¦'. ":,.'. ¦':*Lt Ti t.
It has be.en ascertained that the^ at
tacking forces ¦ .numbered . 4»,000 men/
consisting of three divisions— the First,
commanded" by Lie.utenarit General
Mateumura; the Ninth, by Lieutenant
Ushima, and tho Eleventh. byrLieuteri
ant Tsuchlja, the -whole beings under
the supreme cummarid of General Nogi.
The Xinth Division suffered, most.
The army -is naW being hedyily rein
forced from Japan. ' .-'•>. • ¦¦;¦¦'. .. - ;•"'
The plan tor- an immediate infantry
assault has been -abandoned, and '• 4W>
heavy guns' are -.being: mounted on- the
Japanese positions for a-continuai-bom-
bardment of the enemy, with a vi,ew to
silencing theKussian guns^ before" the
infantry renews the advapee, .'¦
Lieutenant General . Nogf is said to
have been 'disheartened 'an4 : to have
been restrained ; with <iifflcully from
charging at the head of his troops to
the walls of the forts; ','¦.¦ ..' •• ->¦:,.• ¦,
One large naval gun, at Liaoshan Has
burst. This indicates that the life of.
the similar Weapons' is growing preca
rious, y '. ' ' -
A more stringent blockade' has been*
instituted by the Japanese. Their war
ships were cruising along the Chines*,
coast, where there are hundreds of
Junks and blockade runners— : at Wei
haiwei particularly. .,• * /
Chinese refugees' report^ "are worth
less, but it is officially announced by,
Japanese and Russians 'that a lull ha*
taken place in the operations..: •: '
The Russians are relaxing their regu- k
lations ,nith reference to correspond
ents, and are inviting those in China
to join Kuropatkin's army. .. '¦ ; .. -
FOUR DAYS' FIERCE FIGHTING.
¦ The secord general assault on' Port
Arthur assumed crushing proportions,
on August 27 and continued unabated
until the morning of August 31, when
the Japanese retired- everywhere ex
cept from Palichuang, which' they have
apparently firmly secured. .
. Etzshan, was re-attacked on August
30 with great furv. but the Japanese
were unable to secure a position. A
fierce assault was made on the left
flank at 3 o'clock in the morning. The
assault lasted until 8. a. m., when the
Japanese retired. The bombardment
then recommenced, the Japanese firing
chiefly from Suishiying and Palichu
anp, the Russians from Antszshan.
The Japanese losses, according to th?
Russian estimate,, were 8000 during the
four days from August 2" to August 31.
The Russian losses ar<? placed at 3000.
During the assault shells from the field
guns and. rifle bullets fell in the city.
The Russian ships in the harbor par
ticipated occasionally in the firing.
GARRISON IS DWINDLING.
A reliable authority in touch with
events at Port Arthur declares that a
week ago the garrison numbered ap
proximately 15.000. Accepting the Chi
nese report of the recent lorsos, the effi
cient men now number 12,000. The past
week's advices confirm previous deduc
tions that the Japanese are bending
their fiercest energy to secure an-in
gress along the railroad.
The 'Japanese now expect, it is said,
two months or possibly more of fight
ing before the fortress is taken. The
garrison is said to be greatly worn and
weary, but determined to continue re
sistance, always hoping that General
Kuropatkin will soon gain sufficient
strength to come to its relief.
BULLET IX THROAT
31AV PfiOVJE FATAL
Eleven- Year-Old Boy. Freih
zied in Inhumau- Treat
ment of His 3Iother, 'Uses
? a liiile oil His Parent
COMBES DOOMS
THE CONCORDAT
(il.ccia.1 Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AXGELES, Sept. 4.— In defense
<jt his mother, who had been frequently
biaio-n by her husband, iloy Roberts,
aped 11 vears, fired a rilie bullfct into
the throat of his father, Jahn Roberts.
bi the- family home. Thirty-seventh and
itotBC str»€ts. to-nlght. inriicting a
wyjr.d uhi'h may prove fatal.
Because they apr<rovcd of his act,
i>ighbors n*ho kr.uw how the father
hao -ibu£od his wife took the bov in
«.harg^ and sr-crottd him and when the
tOOcttt arrived tlie:- stated that they
wviiiii fhie.'d the lr<J, and if necessary
txapkft lor him the best attorneys in
the State f<»r defense. No effoit was
injd" tu fiU'l him, however, and unlfcss
the v. curded man dies the boy proba
bly will. not be arrested.
The shooting was the culmination ' of
a family row which had been in pro
jri»-s;s for hours. Huberts is said, to have
made no rnovisiori for his familv foi
months anJ seldom went home, the
v if<? meantime supporting: h'?r children
bj lakinj in washing. Whenever he
did a?>r>rar he »s said to' have whipped
his v. iic severely.'
To-night he appeared at the house,
dirphiyed a handful of coin and taunt
id his wife with the fact that there
vr.s not enough to eat in the house.
i?a* upbraided him because of his neg
icvt <:f his family and he besan beat
irz her. Kc wns stopped by the chil
dren ar.d t\«m into the yard and seated
liiinse!f under a tree. From there hs
continued to abuse his wife, when Roy,
his little e^n. who had worked himself
almost into a frenzy, shouted to his
mother that he would end it all. Be
fore she could realize what he was do
ing he secured a small ufle and going
into the yard deliberately shot his
fa»h?r.
The bullet struck Roberts squarely
i:i the ihroat be!ow the "Adam's ap
ple,' 1 puncturing the w irnlpipe and nar
:'Mniy missing the large blood vessels
lodfed .'n thc'muscles in tbe back of
the nock. He ran half a mile to the
r.eartst physician, who dressed the
wound and sent him to a hospital. He
refused to i^ako any statement other
than to assert that he would not pros
ecute the buy fur shooting him.* .,
The scer.p of the shooting 14 outside
the <ity and by the time the officers
r°a< h<»d the place neighbors had hidden
tlv 1 boy and refused to tell where he
was. Hoborts' wound is considered
very serious.
XeigLbors Applaud the Act
of the Little Fellow and
Spirit Him Away Where
Officers I'aimot Find Him
Friends of the Assassin, by
a -Darino- Coup, Succeed
in: Effecting His Kelease
From a Eussian Prison
Thousands Fall in
Charges Upon
the Forts.
Japanese Hamper
the Retreat of
Kuropatkin.
APPARENT LULL IN FIGHTING NEAR LIAOYANG
ft was reported in St. Peter-J»t:rs on Su:nlt«.v ni«;1it that Kuropatkin ! had arrived at Tlehllnsr, which
Id *ca vrJkii ncr'J: cf Vciiiai am! clihiccii'mllis 'south of Mukden. Should this 'prove Irae, it would iuean
thru Kuropntkin liud extricated his army a ml \v;»s i'ii\ictl«ill.v. out of the .danger of being, enveloped. v* : .
~.' '.I'CTIic only direX't ricAYV'from" aa/"i§*t : ti1tV of Avar, Ucjainj; Sunday's ftiati-, came by'.tvnyTOfiTokio In a*re
port from .Field -Mursfial Oynmn, ysajjjhsrthat Liaoyans: !:ad ;f;»Hen ebmpleiely Inco the'IiaiKls of the .Japanese
aty o'clock that, morning: that Uie.jaiiiineseeas'ualtici \vere believed to: be "i>cavy .and .'that., nolliins: was
known' by the Japanese .c^n'eei'hiusreoiulilions on the" rlgh^h^l^Qt^^iTiitii^CH^''^' r ' ? V
The only eoinfort for the^KusjMaiisat home, was the nt-'\>-i'.o'JttVe>-cd,hi'a'i-cp6rt from Geiieral Kuro
patkiti. dated Suti^day x afternoon, that ;Geiierars^ of 35,000 men. re
ported on Saturday as having .been: rut ofTto, the '"westward of . Jjiaoyoiijr^ hag .been gafely extricated and that
the corps had succeeded. in Joiuuis the main, Russian body on", the right*. bnnk of. the .river, but' no details of
the escape of StakclbVrg iivcre' ifnpwrgfi General Kuropatkin nlsoiviiorte*!^ that th'e : 'greater portion of his
army was, at the time* ofiillnjj the.report.i-soiith of Ycntai (ten- miles' nprtlieast of. Liaoyahs) and a few
miles from the Yentai mfhes, .where "fierciv^fiEhtiuj: had been in pro«rek-s. >' , * ' •- . : ; : '
It is indicated that .there' has been' a. cessation of the Hshtins. Kuiopatkin reported that his men
were not being; much interfered- with by-riic Japanese in the nela;hborhoo<l-of-lU*uftriii>v-
In St. Petersburg Hie absence of news is looked upon as heightening tlie. gravity of the situation of
the Russians. . -¦ ti . . -
LAD SHOOTS
FAT HER FOR
HIS CRUELTY
MURDERER
OF PLEHVE
GOES FREE
Fierce Attack Upon
the Port Arthur
Defenses.
Battle of Armies
North of the
Taitse.
STOESSEL'S GARRISON REPULSES ASSAULT CONTINUING FOUR DAYS
THE SAN; FRANCISCO GALL, .; MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 5. 1904.
j Genuine cod 15ver oil has been very
scarce during the last year or two and
much shark and other fish oil Is sold
under that name. .»-. ".. '¦'.'¦¦".
LONDON. Sept. 6.— The^ feeling of
elation aroused by the news' from* the.
vicinity of Ll'aoyang'.the past, few 'days,"
jvhich -led to the belief that the cyzri
blned Japanese armies ha3 succeeded
in placing General Kuropatkin iii a po-'
sition where he would have to fight
against odds and eventually be crushed,
was succeeded to-nlghf. by '/chagrin :
when the press dispatches announced
that the Russians had escaped without
Kuropatkin's Escape Undoes I he. Work
.. of Field Marshal Oyama. , ¦:;'¦¦
SMALL. GAIX TO .JAPAX.
2
AD VEirriSKME NTS.
Two Ways
Have you noticed a difficulty in breath-
Ing — short quick breath — when you are
walking, going upstairs, singing, or are
ci.gry and <?xcit<-d? You may not think
•vrSiat this means, but doctors will tell
;.••"•<! ft rawm« veak lieart nct!t»n.
Talto Ijr. Miles" 'New "Heart Cure at
oi-c^. It will strengthen and b.ii1d«J>the
weakened :?«?rve3 and muscle? ot th«
heart, ar.d rjafcc you stronpr and healthy.
Tills is one way — the right way.
Nejrlpct it a. little while and you will
thvn notic* Klutter.'nK. Palpitation. Dlz-
ziiips*?. ¦I"aintlnjr Spoils. Pain in region of
h*»art. Fkle nnd shoulder*. Stomucli and
ICitlncy troubles. This Is serloup.
It,!* the oth«T — the wrong way.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Is a -Buf*. Pure remedy, and is Wurinji
JJ'-rrt i/'s^tsc ripiit s!ong. as thojiJinis
will l*«tSfy. i:
"I hp.d «'nI::rKemcrt of the lieart. The
<!octoi« said I could livft but a short iinw.
I tcK)l: Dr. Jiilee" Xew Heart Cure, v.-hich
reEt^r^d me to perfect health." — A. M.
BA8SJTTT. "Wellington, Ohio.
Thr- 5ir«r iKittle will benefit, if not, the
tfrufiilst will return your money. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ _'
I UNION-SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
I Round Trip
gj Through Cars each sale day.
I September. 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28, 29. S
I " OCt^ e s4ove^n^f j27 '
'4 Why not see Salt Lake and Denver?
I Call on or Address
S. r. BOOTH, General Ajrent U. V. R. B.,
1 Montgomery Straet.
Or Aay Southern Pacific Ajrent. -• . -Sir Knights and Visitors
Should. not fail to see the beautiful dec
orations at Andrews' Diamond Palate,
221 Montgomery street. •
California Souvenirs.
**Scenic Treasures of Californai." a
beautiful souvenir book of California,
for 75 cents; others for less and some
tor more. Orange, redwood and other
good souvenir noveltlen at lowest prices
fianborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
t OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Sept. 4. —
Fire: to-night destroyed the stables of
Colegate Hoyt, on Center Island. The
r.iables were said to be among the
finest in the country, and contained
a number of valuable automobiles, to
gether with many horses and car
riages. Loss. $75,000.
Fire Destroys Valuable Stable.
Several members of Trinity and
Portland commanderies of Manches
ter, New Hampshire, which arrived
in this city last night, narrowly es
caped serious injuries on the famous
seventeen mile drive In Monterey
County yesterday afternoon. While
members of the party were enjoying
a ride the brakes on one of the car
riages failed to work properly on a
steep hill and the nine occupants and
driver were thrown out. All were
more or less injured. Dr. F. E. Brig
ham of Salmon Falls, N. H., received
the worst injuries, being thrown heav
ily on his head and shoulders against
a tree. Three ladles of the Portland
Commandery miraculously escaped
serious injury, being thrown among
the frightened horses. •
One of the wheel horses was killed
outright and the other three were
more or less battered in the accident."
Dr. " Brigham and the other injured
persons were all able to come to this
city on their special train.
HAVE NARROW ESCAPE.
A lar-e delegation of Knights Tem
plar from the State of Washington ar
rived here yesterday on the steamship
Spokane. With their wives and fami
lies they numbered 181 and within
half an hour after the steamer tied up
at Broadway dock the crowd that had
thronged the Spokane's decks mingled
with the multitude that like a tide
swept the water front and lost their
identity. The Spokane was exclusively
a Knight Templar ship for this trip.
She carried no second class or steer
age passengers. On account of the large
number of the Knights and in view
of the fact that the regular traffic
is very heavy - just now, the Spokane
made a ' special trip for the benefit of
those attending the Conclave. Fine
weather was encountered all the way
down the coast.
Other commanderies that arrived
yesterday were;
Grand Cemmandery o' New York, Prince
ton, wllh Apollo No. 15 of New York, head
quarters. Berkshire; llontjoie No. Kl, Chicago,
111.. Sophronla; Portland No. 2, Portland. Me.,
Ruse: Trinity ; No. 1. Manchester. N."H.,
Phillips; Cairo No. 13, Cairo, 111., Atlanta; Cal
vary-No. 13,, with St. John No. 1. Providence,
R. I.. .Edf?mere; Springfield No. . 6, Worcester
No. 5, ¦ Worcester, Mass., Commercial: Ko
komo No. - 86. Frankfort No. 20, * Frankfort.
Pettitt. Sir Charles A. Lott. Sir George
A. Eddy. Sir A. C. Maul, Eminent Sir
Hiram L. Wiltse, Sir A. W. Rathbun.
Sir J. A. Guilford, Sir W. H. Dellen
back, Eminent Sir T. L. Miller, Sir H.
D. Hinckley. Sir E. Bornhoft, Sir F. EL
Barringer, Sir Joseph Butcher, Sir R.
J. Hercock, Sir S. D. Simpson, Eminent
Sir Wallace Blanchard, Sir Joseph La
Rue, Sir O. W. Gill, Sir M. Chapman,
Sir C. C. ¦ Crabb. Sir George Schnitdt,
Sir O. A. Rice and Sir C. A. Loomis.
St. Bernard" Commandery will tour
Southern California ar.d conclude the
pilgrimage by visiting the St. Louis
exposition, arriving at Chicago Mon
day, September 19. •
ARRIVE ON* STEAM SHir.
Eminent Sir Frank C. Roundy. com
mandant; Eminent Sir John W. Swa
tek, first lieutenant; Sir C." B. Platten
berg. second lieutenant; Sir George
Weidig, first sergeant; Sir Emil A.
Dorner, second sergeant; Eminent Sir
Harris W. Huehl, S1F C. B. Ford. • Sir
Berkeley Brandt. Eminent Sir R. L.
Leonard. Sir H. D. Horeland, (Sir C. A.
Haas, Sir W.'J. Weinsheimer, Sir J. A.
In addition to the prizes, each com
mandery that ser.ds a drill corps to
Golden Gate country will receive a
beautiful stand c-f colors, consisting of
a silk beauseant and the American
flag. Each member of the corps win
ning first honois will be presented by
the beautiful sponsors of the California
commanderies with an elegant gold
medal, significant of champions.,
' St. Bernard Commandery acted as
escort of honor from Chicago to San
Francisco to Very Eminent Sir George
Mayhew- Moulton, deputy grand mas
ter of the Grand - Encampment of
Knights Templar of the United States.
The following Sir Knights of St. Ber r
nard Commandery will compose the
formation for the national contest:
With the arrival of St. Bernard Com
mandery No. 33 of Chicago, comes one
of the best organized drill corps that
will be entered by Grand Commander
Hiram L. Wiltse in the competitive
drill at Golden Gate Park next Wed
nesday." At many of the past Trien
niel Conclaves the St. Bernard drill
corps has carried oft the first 'prizes.
The prizes to- be contested for are the
most elaborate ever offered at a Temp
lar encampment, the total value being
about $20,000. The trophies are all of
California make and will be typical in
every wav of the Bear State, its re
sources and industries.
COLORS FOR DRILL CORPS.
start for home by way of the Union
Pacific and will visit many places of
interest on the Journey.
Allen No. 20. Alltntown, • Pa-. 0:50 a. m..
ferry. Palmetto; Boston No. 2. Boston. Mass.,
1 p. m.. Third street. St. Francis: Chicago Not
10. Ch'.caco. 111.. 2 p.m.*. Third street, Cecil:
Central City No. 25. -Central City. N. Y.. 10:25
a. m..' Icrry." Metropolitan; Cj-rcns No.' 10. Blr-
Corinthian Chass&r.r Commandery
No. S3 of Philadelphia. Pa., i^ due to
arrive here early on Monday morning,
with over 100 person.: and is headed
by an old Californian, Richard Torpin,
v.-ho Is still proud of his California,
afaliatlon though for many years a res^
ident of Philadelphia. The commandery
has secured headquarters at the Hotel
Franklin and v.ill remain here until
Thursday evening next.
EXHIBIT AT THE LICK.
An exhibit of exceptional merit will
be -made during conclave week by Pa
cific Commandery No. 3 of Sonora.
While It will astonish most of the East
ern visitors, it will be a revelation to
the majority of Califcrnians who know
little, if anything, of the; vacl wealth
and the inexhaustible resources or
Tuolumne County. Pacific Commandery
has secured the old and once famous
dining-room of the Lick House, where
the exhibits will be installed and the
Sir Knights and ladies of Sonora will
keep open house, entertaining in the
cordial and open-hearted style of the
Californian mountaineers. The com
mandery arrived in this city yester
day afternoon. A committee of ladles
has been appointed to entertain at the
headquarters '; while the Sir Knights
are; occupied with other duties.
The following commanderies are due
to-day:
Ir.d.. lOCf. Ilalsht street; Malta No. 21. Bing
hamton. X. Y.. Anselus; Marietta Xo. 50, Ma
rietta, OIlio, Stevenson; Peninsular Xo. 8, Kal
amai'oo, Mich., Reglna; Pueb!o Club Xo. 1,
Pueblo, Colo., Grand and Stevenson: Tancred
Xo. 4.S. Pitt*burg. Pa., Lick. Colonial and
Grannda; Temple No. 4, Des Molncs. Iowa,
9:10 Yen Xcss avenue; Trinity Xo. .•£, Hudsoii.
Mass... Oaks, with Grand Coinm?n<lcry of Mas
sachusetts and Rhode IMar.d; Washington Xo.
1, Hartford. Conn.. Pleaj=antcn; De Molay Xo.
V. Ccslon, Mass., St. Nicholas.
Engrossed 1*1111 large affairs of public con
cern the great man whose memory we treas
ure yet found time to aerve humanity unseen
of men, but not unobserved by heaven. Presi
dent of the greatest republic that ever blcs»=d
the earth, he was a member of th» greater
fraternal crganlzatlcn that ever existed or es
ists amone men— the order whese emblem >•*
the cro*s of Christ, whose hope is tha cro»n
of immortality— which was born betore the
dawn of history and has witnessed the n*e
and fall of dynasties, the birth and decay of
nations— whicn wrought marble into furn.a u.
beauty b-fore ever the columns of the Pan
theon were reared or Carthage rose to splen
dor—which lighted the sacred torch oi acltnce
before Rome was founded and kerf it burn
inc throughout the dark medieval ages— which
adorned the citit* of the old world with mas
terpieces of architecture and whose genius re\
erently displayed iinelf »n ereclin* tempi-* to
the living Cod: which flourished before Jeru
eklem had lallen. and later, inarched and su:
ftred and dltd to redeem the holy city and
rescue tb« «puleher of the Lord-the order
which has Joyfully followed the cross «nd"n
whose celestial banner flame the words In
"un^bufioVnh^nce by word» his unblemished
fame we reverently bow low before Ood tf>
do honor to the memory of William McKinley.
HE SERVED HUMANITY.
the thunderbolt, we fell upon th«_foe. One*
more thank God. once more the north ana
south stood shoulder ta shoulder, under the one
ftaf,- while irom the blue -above, reunited in
death looked down General Grant and Gen
eral Lee upon their countrymen, reunited for
ever. Who could prevail against them? Manila.
Kl Caney San Juan Hill. Santiago— and ail
was over. ' Our triumphant war of one hundred
days liberated Cuba, extended the wide bound
aries of freedom, astonished Europe, added to
the glory of the American flag, enhanced the
trestiee of the American name, and associated
forever the name of William McKinley wita
th* expansion of the republic.
Who could foresee that his path of »lory was
eo soon to lead but to the srave? He-elected
to the Presidency, enioylec the love and re
spect of a nation reumtea by common dan
ger:* acd triumphs In which they all had
shared surrounded by the people whom . hj
served' and who»huns upon his words for aid
and counsel, in Ae full maturity of his ripened
powers, his country at i*-ace. her ensign aa
oTin.mme of liberty flooding the world with
our glory— he fell and lay a precious victim
upon the bloody altar of that accursed moa
* l Oh *gr«u h indeed was the national loss, great
nnd elncere and poignant was the national
Brief Cut the mighty pillars of the republic
were unshaken. Law and order reigned and
ruled, and the flag William McKinley followed
and lifted floats la »ecurity and peace over tne
dome at Washington.
Famous Apollo Lodge and Crack St. Bernard Drill Corps Are With
the Templar Bodies From the Middle West.
Continued From Page 1, Column ".
The following is a list of the officers:
Grand commander, James F. Rowins;
generalissimo, Urblne T. Hermann;
captain genera], Frederick Watson
Moat; senior warden, Nelson N. Lam
pert; Junior warden, Aaron G. Dicns,
and prelate. Everett L. Hayncs.
The comrnandery will hold a recep
tion at 1230 Pine street on Wednesday
night and the officers of the Grand
Encampment and Knights of other
commanderies are Invited. On Thurs
day evening the Apollo pilgrims will
Apollo Commandery owed no allegi
ance to any body except the General
Grand. Encampment and had at one
time powers such as no other comman
dery of Knights Templar now pos
sesses. It has taken a leading part in
all the Triennial Conclaves during the
last sixty years. Its membership is
over 800 and. a good share of them came
to the present Conclave. -;.. . ; '- ;
For the last two days commanderies
from Chicago have been arriving in
the city and adding their numbers to
the great throng already within the
city's gates. * ..,'• v
The Grand Commandery of Illinois,
that had for its escort Apollo Com
mandery No. 1 of Chicago, is quartered
at the Palace Hotel. In the party are
several Knights whose standing in the
Templar body is very high. Accom
panying St. Bernard Commandery \vas
the Right Eminent Deputy Grand Mas
ter c-f Knights . Templar George M.
Moulton, who is the second highest
officer 6f the Grand Encampment in
this city.
Sir Knight A. St. Clair Wilderman is
grand commander of the Grand 'Com
mandery of Illinois, while Sir Knight
George E. Ohara is the deputy grand
commander. Sir Knight Smyth Crooks,
the grand Junior warden, has a record
in the Templar order that any one
might be proud of. He has been
twelve years in Masonry and has risen
through the various grades in Apollo
Lodge and Joint organizations and is
an honorary member of several other
commanderies. The grand standard
bearer, Jc-hn D. Cleveland, passed
through the grades of the Evanston
Commandery and has served in the
Grand Commandery as grand warden
in 1902 and grand sword bearer in 1903.
The grand captain. General Albert
Frederick Schoch has been in Masonry
since 18S3 and after service In Illinois
organizations, including the post of
past grand commander, has reached
hfs present eminent place.
Apollo Commandery No. 1 of Chicago
is one of the oldest in the Middle West.
It has had jurisdiction over that terri
tory and has assisted at the forming
of several Grand Commanderies. Its
charter members were among the lead
ing citizens of Chicago and numbers
Judges, merchants and statesmen.
ENJOYED UNUSUAL POWER.
HONOR THE MEMORY OF M'KINLEY
SAN JOSE, Sept. 4.— Pilgrim Com
mandery No. 11 of Harri3burg. Pa., and
Corinthian Chasseur Commandery No.
53 of Philadelphia. Pa., arrived in San
Jose this morning at 8 o'clock. The
majority of the 180 in the party left at
once by stage for Mount Hamilton and
the others spent the day riding about
the city and suburbs. The're were many
ladies in the party. A local reception
committee met the commandery at the
depot. Those that trent to Mount Ham
ilton will return at midnight, and the
train will leave at i o'clock to-morrow
morning for San Francisco.
Visit Uck Observatory.
mingham. Ala., 11:20 a. in.; ferry. McAllister,
Coeur de Leon No. 34. Boston. Mass.. 8 a. m..
ferry, Nordhuff; Corinthian Chasseur No. 83;
Pennsylvania, 7 a. m\ Third stre:t. Franklin;
Co*ur de Leon No 1TA Scranton, Pa., 8:50 a.
m., ferry, Argyle; Melita No. U8. Pennsylvania:
Baldwin Nos. 11, 52, Pennsylvania; Denver
CKib, Colorado, mornlnr steamer. Clay street.
Manhattan: El Mcnte, with Utah K. T., Ltah.
S a. m., f^rry. Atlanta; Grand Comrnandery of
Florida, Florida, 8:.".O a. m., ferry. Grand and
Fremont: Kadcsti No. if>. Philadelphia. 7 a. m..
Third street. San Marco; Kansas City
No. tO. Kansas City. Mo.. 7:45 a. ra..
ferry, Geary; Mary No. 30. Penn
sylvania. S:50 a. tn.. ferrj'. San Marco;
Mount Vernon No. 73, Ilazleton. Pa.. 8:50 a.
m., ferry, .Palmetto; Grand Ccmmandery of
Minnesota, MinnesHJta. 10 a. m.. ferry. Palace;
Melita No. 8. Oresron, 8:30 a. m., ferry. lCOtt
Hatgbt street; Sir Knlfhts of New Jersey.
0 a. m.. Third utrect. Grand and Duffcrln;
Orexcn No. 1. Portland. Or., 8 a. m., ferry.
Lick, Palace and Grayttone; Ottawa Xo. 10.
¦with C.-and Commandery of Illinois. Illinois,
i! a. m.. ferry, Hatton: Hammond No. 41,
Indiana. - a. m., ferry, 230 Powell street:
Oawego. No. 7. Kansas, !) a. m., ferry, 250
Geary street: Pilgrim No. 11, Harrisburg. Pu..
X p. nv. Third street, Rus3; R.adlnff No. 42.
Readlnr. Pa.. 8:.">0 c. m.. ferry. Auditorium:
South Carolina No. 1. South Carolina, 7:3O
». in.. Third street, Crocker: St. Aldemar No.
JS &t. Louis, Mo.. H p. m., Third street. St.
Nicholas ; Vermont' Fr5s»co Club. Vermont,
11 a. m., ferrv, Adams House ; Ivanhoe No. 1*4,
Milwaukee. "Wis., H> a. rn.. ferry. Holland;
Marlon No. 24, Lebanon. Ky.. 7:30 a. m..
ferry Rochambeau; Grand Commandery of
Nebraska, with Mount Cavalry No. 1. Omaha,
Nebr., C a. m., ferry. Occidental.
Receiving- the officers cf the Great Friory of England and Wales and the dependencies of the British crown.
Reception by Golden Crate Commandery No. 16 at Golden G»te Rail.
Ladies' reception at headquarters of California Commandery No. 1 from 3 to 5 p. in., Mechanics' Pavilion.
Monday, September 5, 1» a leffal holiday in California and is known as Labor Cay. The Labor day celebration
consists of a parade in the mcmlnir; raunion of lancr organizations, with literary exercises, afternoon and evening 1 ,
at Shell Mound Park, Emery vine, near Berkeley. There will also be a celebration by San rrancisco Labor Conndl at
the Chutes, near Golden Gate Park, day and evening; firewcrks during- the evening.
Decoration cf grave of Starr King at Unitarian, church by De Kolay Commandary of Boston, 8 p. m.
EVENING.
Performance by Chinese actors at the Grand Opsra-honse. 8:15 ta 10:15.
Reception at the Palace Hotel, under the aucpices of tho ladies' committee.
The Grand Commandery of Pennsylvania and the Sir Xnig-hts of Pennsylvania will tender a reception to all
Knights Templar and their ladies In tho Marble and Maple rooms of the Palace Hotel, S until 10 o'clock.
Exhibition drill and band concert, Malta Commandery Drill Corps, Blnffhamtoa. IT. ¥., in frcnt of the Palace
Hotel, Market and Nerv Montgomery streets. • .<
General reception by California Commandery No. 1 and other commanderies in the Mechanics' Pavilion to East
ern visitors. . . , t
Bxceptlcrf by Oakland Commandery No. 11 ct CTative Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street.
Reception by Golden Gate Commandery If o. 1C at Golden Gate Hall. .
Open-air concert in Union square. Geary, Post, Stcckton and, Powell streets,' from 8 to 11 o'clock. -
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS THAT WILL OCCUPY KNIGHTS TO-DAY
Chicago's Delegation
Adds to City's
Throngs.
The Grand Commandery of the
State of New York, headed by Sir
Arthur MacArthur. very eminent
grand standard bearer to the Grand
Encampment, arrived from the East
shortly after 10 o'clock last evening,
and went direct to its headquarters
en the fourth floor of the Palace Ho
tel. In the party, which is a repre
sentative one, is Mayor Adelbert P.
Knapp of Saratoga, who. with other
members of the Grand Commanders*.
is planning to secure, if possible, the
r.ext convention for Saratoga. The of
ficers of the New York Grand Com
mandery are as follows:
Sir diaries O. Bir.gham, grand commander;
Eir John H lionr.ingtcn. deputy grand com
mander: Kir William F. Kimendorf. grand
renerallsflmo; Sir Adelbert P. Knapp, grand
captain gi-n-ral; Sir G. Alfred Lawrence, grand
*er.lor warden; Sir Eugene S. Osborne. grand
Junior w-irdMv. Sir Dr. Henry T. Dana, grand
prelate; Sir Harry II. Moore. Grand treasurer;
.Sir Arthur MacArthur, grand recorder; Sir
Hdwin <:. Hall, crand standard bcaror; Sir
Henry S. Mackii-, crar.d sword bearer; Kir
Herbert W. Greenland, crand warder; Sir A>
d' n M. Jewett. grand captain of the guard.
Past Urarirf Commanders— It. E. Sir G«K3rjre
HcOou-n R. E. Sir John H. Bonnintton. R. E.
f-ir Arthur MacArthur, R. E. Evastus C. Dcla
van.
Among the other New Yorkers who
accompanied the Grand Commandery
were *4ie following::
Sir Clarence L. Wells, commander, Apollo
No 15. Ticy. N. Y. : Sir Jamos H. Llcyd, par,t
romma'cder Apollo No. 13. Troy. N. Y.; Fir
Arthur W.' T. Uack, commander, Mali a No.
21 Binshamton; Sir A. S. Bump, past com
mander. Mali a .\o. ZU Binchamton; Kir Hugh
Al'.cn Caireron. pant commander. Malta No.
SU UinghamtoJi; F!r rrt<lcrlcU XV. Putnam.
past commander, Malta No. SI. Ulnjfhamton:
Sir G<*orge A. Lawrenc*. oommander. Coeur de
3>on No S3. New York City: Sir T. M. Bar
iKr. j.aft commander. Central City. Syracuse;
hir H. W. Oreen'.and. psst commander. Cen
tral City. ITjUCllMi; Kir Oliver L. Dean, com
mar.dfr, St. Auguiitine No. 38. Itliaca; Sir
.lucison B. Todd. psst commander, St. Augus
tine No. CS, Ithaca; Sir H. S. Mackie, past
'oninisndcr. Cyrene No. 30. Rochester. N. Y. :
£ir G. L. Warren. r>a(-t commander. Cortland
No. 50. Cortland; Sir H. T. Dana, past com
mander, Cortland No. SO, Cortland; Sir A. M.
.Ipwett. past commander, Cortland No. 50,
Cortlarid.
Kir \V. Frederick Elmendorf. past comman
der. Hugh de Payne No. :«>. Buffalo. N. Y..
KrurA rtpretw-ntatlve of Arkansas-: Sir E. S.
Oaborne, past commander, Apollo No. 15. Troy.
N. Y.. erand rcpresfntati\ - e of Kentucky; Sir
.'cfepn I>. Cralc, pa*t commander. Temple No.
t, Albany. N. Y.. grand repres»-ntatlve of Mon
iana: Sir George L. Warren. pa»t commander
Cortland No. 00, Cortland. N. Y-. grand rep
resentative of Ncbrsiika; Sfr Theodore M.
Harber. past commander. Central City No. 25,
Eyrmeamf, S. Y.. grand rcpresfntalive or Tcn
»er«ee-; Kir Aui>tin M. Bump, patt commander,
Malta No. 21, Uinghamton. N. Y.. of the com
rr.inee on foreign correspondence.
Sir Arthur MacArthur, who is the
publisher of the Troy Budget, and one
at the most active men in the New
York delegation, said last night that
Saratoga would exert itself to the far
thest possible point to secure the
next conclave and. through Mayor
Knapp, was prepared to offer the best
inducements to the Knights.
New York Delegation Will Boom Sar
atojra for Mcctinjr Place.
SEEKS NEXT CONCLAVE.
DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF CHICAGO COMMANDERIES WHO WILL BE PROMINENTLY IDENTIFIED WITH THE FUNCTIONS OF CONCLAVE WEEK.
Boats and Trains
Bring in Their
Quotas.
California Commandery No. 1 will
entertain throughout the week at Me
chanics' Pavilion. Its programme,
which was completed last evening,
contains the names of some of the
city's most prominent professional and
amateur talent.
Those who have charge of the en
tertainment and musical programme
are: Sir Richard L. Radke, chairman
entertainment committee; Sir Alfred
A. Batkin, chairman music committee;
Mrs. D. E. F. Easton, chairman la
dies' entertainment committee.
The following artists will take part
in the performance:
Mrs. Wallace TVheaton Briggs, Sir Knight
L. A. Larsen. Mrs. Eugenic Barker-Mil!j.
Madame Caro Roma. Leo Bruck. California
Commandery Choir, Chinese children, Mrs. \V.
B. Wheeler. Miss Lulu Purlenky, Miss and
Master Roeckel, Boys' Masonic Home l'.ui.l.
Miss Charlotte Mitchell. Mrs. Richmond K.
Kevalk Sir Knight D. M. Lawrence, Mrs. K.
L Partlngton. Mrs. R. E. Revalk. Mrs. Frank
Onslow, Mrs. Hall; Herr Paul ssteladorff, ac
companist.
The programme for to-day will be
as follows: _
AFTERNOON.
• ; O, Luce dl Wuest' Anlma" (DonUetti)
Mrs. Wallace Wheaton-Briggs
Prologus to "Pagllaccr 1 (Leoncavallo)
Sir Knight L. A. Laisen
Aria "La Relne de Saba" (Gounod)
Mrs. Eugenie Barker-Mills
"3cgnai" (Scliira) Madame Caro Kum*
EVENING.
Selection Orchestra
(Under direction of Leo Eruck.)
Sextette from "Lucia," California Ccmmandery
Choir Sir Knight A. A. Batkin organist an.i
director — Sir Knights V. M. Lawrence. C. I.
Wendell, R. W. Smith. £. Boysen. L. A.
Larsen. Alex Mennle.
Chinese specialties, by Chinese children. Mrs.
Wheeler conducting.
Soprano solo, "Let Me Love Thes fArdlU!)..
.. Miss Lulu Purlenky
Operatic selections. .Maria and Mario Roeck-1
"California" (written for the occasion by Sir
Knisht A. A. Batkin). California Command
ery Choir. il
Selection Boys' Masonic Home Band
Two duets— (a) "My Flag" (Roeckel), »b>
"Trust Her Not" (Balte), Maria and Mario
Roeckel.
CALIFORNIA AT PAVHIOX.
• Preceded by California Commandery's
Templar Choir and the choir of Trinity
Church singing "Stand Up, Stand Up
for Jesus," the members of California
Commandery marched down the alsla
of Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday to at
tend religious' services. Every seat in
the great building was occupied and
many who sought admission were
turned away. The Knights in full uni
form presented a splendid appearance.
At the conclusion of the hymn the
reading of responses was begun by
Prelate Ferguson in the words "The
earth is the Lord's and all that therein
ie; the compass of the world and they
that dwell therein." The Knights re
sponded with the next paragraph of
the psalm and it was concluded verse
by verse. The Lord's Prayer was then
rendered by the Templar Choir, fol
lowed by another responsive reading
beginning as follows:
Prelate: Wt remember. O Lord, and we dp
laost humbly beseech thee to remember our
country, that cur ruler* may have rrace. wis
dom and understands* to execute justice and
to maintain the truth; that the people may
lead quiet and peaceable lives In all godliness
and honesty; that our lands may yield their
Increase of the kindly fruits of the earth, siv
irjgr seed to the sower and bread to the eater;
and that all things may be eo ordered and set
tled upon the best and eurert foundations,
that peace and happlnesa, truth and Justice,
re'.lirfcn and piety, may be established amonf
Mm for generations.
CHOIR SINGS HYMNS.
"Jesus. Lover of My Soul." by the
Templar Choir, was the next number,
followed by the Declaration of Faith,
the Apostles' Creed and Gounod's Sanc
tus. The first lesson (Psalm 1S9). the
Te Deum, the second lesson (L Peter,
11:7-17) an dthe anthem "Praise Ye
the Father." followed. The sermon by
Rev. Dr. Clampett was a splendid ef
fort. Without going back into the his
tory of the order he commented on
their adherence to Christian faith, con
cluding with a splendid tribute to the
memory of the late President McKin
ley. In part he said:
In this capital city of the Western extremity
of a vast continent are leathered together un
£*r one roof representatives cf one of the
greatest orders of the world. Out of the mist
and fop of human judrnvnt rises the sun of
rhrnian belief. Those here assembled have
Just rff>»stfd the Apostle?" Creed. This spirit
• 'f this cr»»ed is" the foundation of all that is
best in human belieT. It registers a vow
whi^h once made on earth is sealed in eter
nity and Is the noblest that a man can make.
PILLAR OF THE KNIGHTS.
3*h;s spirit of reverence to obey a higher
rov.<-r. the absolute r*>ioKniticn of the exist
ence <>r hi*rhtr power* both religiously and in
rtvtc life is cne cf the pillars of the Knights
We ail remcmler the late President Mc-
Kintey rturirjt his visit to this city. How
rw-e\ md nodest he *ras. How nobly he
Blntetmd to Jhf- wr-man he loved before he
wes cut dewn by the bloody hand of the as-
Oti his d^athl.od the faith of the Knights
Templar sustained him. and. although his
sprit ha* fled. h» still speaks to you of God
end ih" love of men. even though the hand
of a fellow-man robbed him cf his life. l>»t
us rilTlc" ourselves to God and the love of our
fe!low-m<-n.
The choirs which furnished the music
were made up as follows:
OOfornia O"orvman<l»ry Templar Choir— A.
2, natkin organist F.nd director; D. M. Uw
rer.ee C. T. WendHI. A. C. Lawrence, R. W.
f-mlth. E. C Hoysen. A. A. Batkin. n. D.
Kurn'-F. H. V.'. ratrick. L. A. Larsen. v\ . C.
«-*rrrbo!i. A. Minnie. K. O. MacBain.
Trinity <"hun-h Choir: Soloists— M^ss Malie
n.vnn roprano: Mit-s l*na Fairwrather. con- ,
i«altc: Chester rtofekrans, tenor; Peter J. Ols
•ef. baf*.
T.V» officers of California Commandery are:
K Fir <*harlcs M. Mum, 'ommandtr; Kir
KniFf-.t Otto K. Westphal. ceneralissimo; E.
Sir It. P. Hurlbut. captain general; Sir Knight
rhinris F. Ferguson, prelate.
The officers of the Grand Encamp
ment of Knights Templar of the United
States attended special religious ser
vices yesterday morning at the First
Congregational Church. The members
of the encampment were In full uniform
and made an imposing sight as they
filed into the edifice. On their march to
the church they were escorted by Gold
en Gate Commander;" No. 16, in full
dress uniform, ajid as the officers of
the encampment filed past the com
mandery stood at salute, facing the
church. As the Knights of this splen
did commander/ stood in line, with the
sunlight gleaming on their uplifted
swords, they presented a truly military
spectacle. After the officers of the
Grand Encampment had entered the
church sharp command was given and
the Knights marched into the church,
two abreast, and entered their respec
tive pews. : " /; *
Sir William H. Jordan, prelate of
Golden Gate Commandery, conducted
the beautiful and appropriate special
service, while the Rev. George C. Ad
ams, pastor of the church, officiated
during part of the service.
The sermon was delivered by Sir Dan
iel C. Roberts, D. D., grand prelate of
the Grand Encampment, who dwelt on
the service the idea of knighthood does
for the young men of America. He also
spoke of the value of time and oppor
tunity and their use and abuse. In it
all, he said, was the spirit of the Re
deemer warming the breasts of Knights
of modern times as He did those of the
Knights of old.
At the conclusion of the service the
Knights filed out of the church, formed
and countermarched on Post street to
Market, where they disbanded.
California's Choir
Joins in With
Trinity's.
Encampment's Grand
Prelate Preaches
Sermon.
Read Special Ritual
at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Golden Gate Knights
Attend Solemn
Ceremony.
COMMANDERIES ARRIVE IN CITY AND TAKE PART IN DIVINE SERVICES
THE SAN" FRANCISCO "CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. '1904.
3Funcml of Mrs." Emma Baldwin.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4. — The. funeral
of Mrs.: Emma Baldwin, wife of E. L.
Baldwin, a southern Pacific Company
locomotive engineer, v/ho was > struck
and killed Thursday night on the Alice
street railroad bridge by a train, was
held this, afternoon at 2 o'clock from
Albert Brown's parlors on Thirteenth
street, near Jefferson. Rev. Charles
T. Walkley, rector of St. Paul's Epis
copal-Church, officiated. The inter
ment was in Mountain, View cemetery.
Coroner, Mehrmann will ¦ hold an in
quest to-morrow night
Prepare for Jewish New Year.
OAKLAND. Sept. 4. — Jewish New
Year's services will be held beginning
September 9 at the Congregation' Beth
Jacob, Harrison street, near -Fourth,
under the leadership of Rabbi Moses
Farber. Rev. M. Friedlander will
conduct the religious festival at the
First ; Hebrew Congregation's syna
gogue'at Twelfth and Castro streets.
According: to Charles Booth of tha
Salvation Army, "the poverty of the
poor ia mainly the result of the compe
tition of the very poor." •
ALAMEDA. S'pt. 4. —Thirty-five beiutlfu!
prizes were awarded the winner of the whist
and euchre tournament held In the City Hall
Friday night under the management of the
Alameda Woman's Charitable Association.
Nearly three hundred players participated in
tho games. The winnens of whist prizes were:
Mr*. James Humbly. J. H. Nobmann Jr.. Sidney
Haslctt, Mr*. H. Miller. Mrs. G. S. McCallum
Mrs C. M. Culver. Mrs. G. E. Plummer, Mrs'.
George E. Wlllams. W. B. Kollmyer. A. M.
Schroeder. Henry Rhodes, W. A. Houtg Mrs.
A. Schroeder. W. H. Foster, Mrs. H M.
Pond. C. M. Culver. E. D. Ells. Mrs. d A.
Wright. Euchre prlrea were awarded to the
folllowlng: Mlfs May McCue, Miss Vera
Jlelmvich. Mrs. Emma Rathgeb. Dr. McCue
Mrs. B. K. Kearon. Dr. Howard Lackey Miss
C A. Stratton. Mrs. C. L-. TIsdale, Mrs E
M. Keys. E. H Krsmer.
Mrs. Frank S. Brush and Miss Charlotte
Bru»h returned to-day from a. tour of the
F.a«tern State*. They were accompanied by
Mr«. E. C. Brush and Edmund Brush of
ZanesvlIIe Ohio.
Mr. and ' Mrs. G. H. ' Murdock and family
departed to-day for Ean Anaelmo, to remain
one week. . .
Mies Ida Emin«l and Henry L. Halsey were
we.Iric-d Wedn.-sdny evening at the home of
the forirf*. 1530 St. Charles street. The mar
riage t.-eremony was performed In the pres
ence of a few relatives and friends of the con
tracting pair by the Il»v. Christopher Reuss,
minister of the First Unitarian Church.
Mr. and Mr*. George F. Weeks will leave
toon for an outing In the mountains of Bu'te
County.
ALAMEDA. Sent! 4. -Miss Isnbrl Frier has
returned from a vacation spent with friends In
Southern California.
Francisco, have Rf.ne to Devil's Lake. North
Dakota, where Mr. Il'ind<» Is Instructor In the
State Institute for the D»af and the Blind,
Mr. and Mrs. Runde are both deaf mutes
anil pr*d\i:i:tf of the National Deaf Mute
Collejre fn Washington and the State Institute
fcr the Deaf and I>umh and Blind of Berkeley.
OAKLAND. Sept. 4.— The Union
Savings B-ink will occupy its "new
building. Oakland's pioneer skyscrap
er, corner of Thirteenth street and
Broadway, on Thursday, and will open
for business in its luxurious quarters
Saturday morning-. The old building
at the southeast corner of Broadway
and Ninth street has been, sold to the
Contra Costa Water Company. The
company has notified all of the ten
;ints to move by September 15. An
soon as the building has been vacated
the water compjiny will reconstruct
the interior and will occupy it.
Union Bank Soon to Move
In honor of the Knights Templar attending
the conclave in San Francisco the students of
the ¦ university will give a concert beglnntns
at 4 o'clock Thursday aftdncon In the Greek
op«>n-a!r theater." It .is expected to attract
11 nut number of Knights .from the festivi
ties. In Kan Francisco. -The programme has
been published In The Call.
Tlie address of Leslie M. Shaw. Secretary
of the -United. States Treasury, will be deliv
ered at,' 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon In
Harmon Gymnasium.- The subject of Secretary
Shaw'e speech fs hot yet announced.
Chailen Parker. '02. has returned from South
America, where he had a successful business
career.
The marriage of ilugh B. Bradford. '03, and
Miss Minnie ii. Bannon, '01. was solemnized
in Sacramento recently. Since, leaving college
Mies, liannon has been r. teach?r In the public
schools. Mr. Bradford' Is an assistant district
attorney. In Sacramento. . .
The first liquid air machine brought to Cali
fornia is helng installed in the chemistry
building under thi supervision of Professor
Cottrell,* who says It will be ready for use In
two weeks. : The machine will be made to
servo various uses in the chemical laboratory,
primarily to obtain low tcmiuratures and for
demonstrations. .
A ladles' night will' be given by the Uni
versity or California Club In the clubrooms In
San Francisco on next Tuesday night. The
men lunched yesterday at the monthly luncheon
at the Teehaii Tavern, this Delng the first
function of the kind since the summer vaca
tion.
On account of . Labor day and Admission day
there will be no lectures In the university on
Mcnday and Friday of this week. --
' G.- B. Gillion, president of the Students'
Congrces, has appointed D. W. Evans. S. II.
Bi;ach and L. 1>. Bohnett memb'rs of the, con
gress debatinc committee. ••
The junior election resulted In the choosing
of Albert J. Coos-an of Oakland as president
of the class. Cooran received 236 votes and
St-'phcn Gamble 1U3. The president elect Is a
member of Uip College of ' Social Sciences and
1b a member of the Phi Gama Delta Fraternity.
He was a member of his freshman team- that
defeated Stanford in 1001'. .
73EKKELEY, Sept. 4.— The music at the
half'-hourly concert! th'.s afternoon I was
contributed by Arthur Weiss. ..'07. • 'cellist,
and Harvey Lojv accompanist. Mr. Weiss was
to have entertained last Sunday, but an acci
dent compelled him to cancel his engagement
at the last moment. .' ' ¦
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— The twenty
ninth anniversary; of Admission ' day,
as commemorated by the Native" Sons
of the Golden West, will have a double
celebration, one in St. Louis at the
World's Exposition and the other in
Oakland. It was originally intended
that tlie main celebration should be in
St. Louis, but it was round that the
number of Caiiforniaris who could be
there would be small compared with
these who would remain in their native
State, and it was decided that there 1
should be a. ceiebration in Oakland to
accommodate the latter. Thus Oak- j
land will have its first Admission day
celebration.
The St. Louis celebration will have
the benefit of the presence o£ Grand
President C. E. McLaughlin, who is
now at the exposition. He will wel
come the Native Sons' special train,
which left Oakland yesterday over the
Southern Pacific lines. But the bulk
of the Native Sons of the State will
find themselves in Oakland on Friday
next rather than in St. Louis. Mr. Mc-
Laughlin has sent the following cordial
letter to the Oakland committee:
QUINCY, August 12, 1904.
D»ar Brothers: Your, very courteous invita
tion to' participate In the celebration of-Ad
mission iiay at Oakland lies before me. Duty
compels my presence In St. Loul» on that day,
and it will be impossible for me to be with
you.
It Is more than likely, however, that, amid all
the glamour of the celebration at the great
exposition, my mind will wander hack to Cali
fornia und to my brothers of Alameda and
adjoining counties.
Wishing your committee . every, success,'- I
am fraternally yours, ¦ ¦
C E. McLAUGHLIX. Grand. President.
BEGINS IX SAX FRAXCISCO.
The San . Francisco puriors have
'united with the Oakland organizations
in an .effort to make the Oakland cele
bration a success and it will really be
a celebration by the t\vo_ cities. San
Francisco will open the event with a
parade on the evening of September 8.
M. EL Squires has been appointed
grand marshal of that parade, with
Sheriff Peter J. Curtis as chief of staff.
The parade will form early in the even
ing at the corner of Post and Mason
streets so that it can move promptly
at S o'clock. The line of march will
be from that corner along Mason street
to Market, 'to Kearny, to Bush, to
Montgomery, to ,Market. to the ferry,
where a special boat will be taken for
Oakland. The movement of the San
Francisco parade will have to bs\very
I prompt, as the boat for Oakland will
not wait. • v
The San Francisco contingent will be
met at the foot of Broadway, Oakland,
by a' delegation from the Oakland par
lors'and will ha escorted up Broadway:
'with bands and fireworks to the head
! quarters . of the different parlors.
1 There will be a concert in the City
I Hall Park in honor of their arrival and
at the Reliance Club, there will be' a
j vaudeville entertainment, to begin at
• about 10:30 o'clock. At the conclusion
! the visitors will retire to their head
quarters. \ ¦ \ v -
Admission day itself will be cele-
I brated by events throughout the entire
day. There will be a parade in the
morning, to move at 10 o'clock, under
command of. Grand . Marshal Squires.
The orders for this parade.have not
yet been issued, but will be announced
in due time. .The Native Sons will be
escorted by military from the 1 Presidio
and it is announced that there will be
one hundred parlors in line from all
j parts of the State. .- . ¦¦':;.[_¦¦ -.
j After the parade there, will 4 be literary
exercises at the; High School grounds,
which will be presided | over by J. R.
Knowland, grand trustee pf. the order.
Mayor Warren Olriey will welcome the
Native Sons to Oakland and there: will
be a reply by First Vice President
•James L. Gallagher of Alcatraz Parlor
of San Francisco. - Ella E. Caminetti.
¦ The general committee of Oakland's
Native Sons which has made the ar
rangements for the celebration consists
of L. N. Cobbledick, chairman; J. R.
Knowland. vice chairman; E. F. Garri
son, secretary; E. G. Buswell, assistant
secretary; Frank Barnet. treasurer, and
George H. Mason, in charge of head
quarters.
A number, of the grand officers of the
Native Sons and Native Daughters
will be present as . guests. Governor
George C- Pardee has signified his in
tention of. being present, and the fpl
lowing letter has been received from
him: .
Executive Department. State of California.
SACRAMENTO, August 31. 1904.
E. F. Garrison, secretary Admission day
celebration commltteee, Oakland. Cal. — Dear
Sir and Brother: I have received the very
cordial Invitation you sent to participate In
the celebration of Admission day In Oakland
as a guest of the committee. You will please
accept my thanks and Inform the committee
that I will be glad to take part In the ctle
bra tlon and- that I hope to be informed of
particular* when the day for the affair ap
proaches. Very truly vours
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
house . and entertain at its i rooms, 465
Tenth street. .-,; • /, ~ .
grand president . of. the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West,, will be present
and deliver an address.. Several other
features that are in preparation have
not, yet been announced.
Following the literary exercises there
will be receptions by the different par
lors at their headquarters. The parlors
that have secured locations in Oakland
to date are, as follows:
California Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W.. Mac
cabees' Hall; South San Francisco Parlor No.
157, Woodmen's Hall; Rincon Parlor No. 72,
Masonic Hall: Stockton Parlor No. 7, Gler's I
Hall (large): Precita Parlor No. 187. Eleventh 1
street and Broadway (Labor Council); Pied
mont Parlor No. 120, Loring Hall; Athens Par
lor No. 11)0. Fraternal Hall; Alameda Parlor
No. 47, Pythian Hall; Oakland Parlor No. 50,
Maple Hall; general headquarters, N. D. G. !
W.. Foresters* Hall; Piedmont Parlor No. 87. i
N. D. G. W.. Ben Hur Hall; Aloha Parlor |
No. 1U0. N. D. G. W.. Maple Hall; Alcaldo I
Parlor No. 154. N. S. Q W., Lower California <
Hall; El Capitan Parlor No. 222. Upper Call- j
fornia Hall; Eden Parlor 113. small Pythian |
Hall; National Parlcr No. 118. Upper Pythian
Hall; Halcyon Parlor No. 146, small hall, '
Eleventh street and Broadway; Hesperian Par- |
lor No. 137, small hall. Eleventh street and 1
Broadway; Sacramento Parlor No. 3. Hotel !
Crellln; Presidio Parlor No. 104, Gle^s Hall |
(upper) ; Pacific Parlor No. 10, Gler'n Hall, ]
(lower); Alcatraz Parlor No. 115, Hovey's
Hall.
AQUATIC SPORTS.
The athletic committee has arranged
a series of regatta events on Lake Mer
ritt, to begin at 2:30 p. m., under the
management of Al Kihn. The entries |
have all closed, under the supervision;
of the Pacific Amateur Athletic- Asso
ciation. All races will be one and ahalf
miles, with turn. The events, entries
and managers are as follows:
Interrmdlatu barre race: Alameda— (1) F.
Shay. (2) F. Hunt, (o) E. Edwards. (1) C.
McConnell; Carson Donnelly, coxswain. Dol
phins—<1) W. F. Harris, (2) T. Harris, (•".) A.
McKerron, (1) G. Bertrand; Gerala Keniff.
cijxswnln.
' Senior Qutngrger skiff — Alameda, F. W. |
Ayera; Dolphin. Fred Sherry; Arlsl. James
Wilson.
fi«nlor shell— Dolphin, Alexander Pape, Leo
Wolnund.
Jurlor bnrsro race: Alameda— (1) C. ' Hague,
(2) Matt Ryan. (.!) W. Burnham, (4) George
Tuppcr: Carson Donnrlly. coxswain. Ariel —
(1) L. M. Jenson. <2) Malt Brady. (3) H. Open.
(4) Ed Murjvhy; Eddie Flanders, coxswain. ,
Junior outrlBger skiff — Alameda, H. E. !
Nelson: Dolnhln, Leo Wclnand; Ariel, Alex
ander ¦ Kcegan. .,
Senior bargo: AIatn«da — (1) F. W. Ayers,
(2) J. Lswls. (3) A. McKerron. (4) G. Bertrand:
(ifirala Kcnlff. coxswain. Alameda — (1) F.
Shay, (2) F. Hunt. (3) E. Edwards, (i) E.
McConnell; George Tupper, coxswain.
Junior shell— Dolphin, Gus Bertrand. T.
Harris. Steven Virlnl; Ariel. Henry Wilson;
Alameda. Harry Dumor.t.
. Regatta committee — T. I. Fitrparick. A. P.
Rothkopf. E. J. Harris. T. Harris. W. B.
Hlnchman.
Referee— T. Carroll. Reliance Club. •
Startsr — Leander Stevenson. Ariel Rowing
Club.
Timers— A. Rothkopf. Dolphin Flowing Club;
Tom Mcade, South End Rowing Club; F.
Browning, Alameda Boating Club.
Marshal of the course— Charles Farrell. Dpi-,
phln Rowlnp Club
Judges— Alameda. Gus Kostcr. A. G.' Bell;
Ariel. N. A. Denver. James O'Connell; Dol
phin. T. Dixon, Val K»hrleln; South End,
James B. Foley, Ed Scully.
During the afternoon there will be a
ball game between the Stockton .and
Oakland lodges of Elks.'
In the evening there will be a grand
ball at Armory Hall, invitations - for
which will be distributed to all of those
participating in the parade. The ball is
under the direction of the following
committee: H. G. Williams, chairman:
J. R. Knowland, E. F. Garrison, Henry
Hen"ken,-"vWD. Sagehorn, F. D. Fagan
and J. F. Hanson. Dances will also be
held at the headquarters of a number
I of the parlors. ¦
CITY WILL DECORATE.
The Oakland City Hall will be pro
fusely decorated with bunting and the
whole building will be outlined with
Incandescent lights. The park adjoin
ing, will be decorated by hundreds of
lights, with decorated columns on the
exterior sides.
The ; Elks' building will be tastefully
decorated, I and the Oakland lodge will
keep open , house for all visiting Elks
who. are coming with the Native Sons.
1 The :• Press Club will also' keep open
LEADING -NATIVE SONS. OF AUMEDA COI*XTY WHO ARE TAKING PART IN THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR A NOTEWORTHY
CELEBRATION OF ADMISSION DAY AT OAKLAND ON FRIDAY NEXT, WHEN THE PARLORS IN ALL SECTIONS OF
THE STATE WILL BE REPRESENTED BY LARGE DELEGATIONS. •
AInnieda County.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to John Howe and
Sarah J. Crawford. W 17:6 of lot 5*1 and E
12:ti of lot BS%, amended map subdivision
Mosswuod Tract. Oakland: $10.
Mary A. and Frert Andres et al. to Conti
nental Building- and [>a:i Association, lot on
E line' of Linden street. 1B3 N of Twenty
fourth, N 35 by E 11KV, block K, map survey
Northern Extension, Oakland (recorded Sep
tember 1. 11KM>: $1000.
Alexander MeCullnh et al. to same, lot on
S line of Mos* avenue at point which bears
SW 7.2I> feet from a point which bears N\V
230.9G from SE corner of Mo?a ami Webster
avenues, thence from first namefl point NW
27.2 along S line of Mesa avenue as fe.nced,
SW 109:Sft, SE 27:2. NE \V.t:l\;to beginr
ntng. lot 1, map Potts subdivision, portion
!ot S. Hitchcock property; Oakianil (recorded
September 1. 19C4>; }240a • ¦ . .
Frances H. Gray (widow) to Harry W. Ful
clfer. lot on NW line of Howe street. ,100 NE
of Howard. NE 10O by NW 2r>0. lots 5 and S.
block 8, plan Howe Tract; $10. '.
J. II. and Luette A. Swift (wife) to Pacific
Theological Seminary, lot on E line of Dwlnella
street. 120 S of Thirty-fourth, E 1X4. 1», S 42.
W 1:56.20. N 45. lot S. amended map College
Heights. Oakland: $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson (by Rich
ard Montgomery, attorney), to Abraham Sor
rensen, lot on NE corner of Maple and Forty
ninth streets, E 40 by N 1C0, lot 37. block t».
map Central Oakland No. 2, Oakland: |10.
Same to Hanna 11. Sorrenaon (single>, lot oii
N line of Forty-ninth street. €0 E pi Maple,
E 35 by N 10o. lot 33, block D, same map.
Oakland; $10.
George B. Flint to Charles Ro*th, lot 5.
block 12, Howe Tract, Oakland, quitclaim
deed: $1.
C. O. and Elizabeth Olsen (wife) to Patrick
J. Fannon. lot on N line of Taylor street, 89:rt
W of Wood. W 2C:« by N 67:6, portion lots 33
and 39. plat and subdivision block 402, Oak
land Point. Oakland; $10.
Mary N. Rayon (widow) to Jennie McCall
Bliss (wife of P. L.>, lot on W line of Wa
verly street, 209:6 N of Locust (or Twenty
third). N 00 by W 125. lot Vi, block 2257. map
of blocks 223» to 2258. Valdez Tract, Oakland;
$10. .
II. B. and Susie L. Belden to John E. and
Hattie S. Toler (wife), lot on S line of ThlTty
fourth street. ISO E of Dwlnelle. E 68 by 3
120. lots 17 and 18, amended map of Colleca
Heights. Oakland: $10.
John E. and Hattie S. Toler to Frederic'*
W. Wheeler, same. Oakland: $10.
Selma N. Boman et a!, to William T. Har
ris, lot on SE corner of Broadway and Thinl
street. 8 50 by E 73. lota 7 and 8, block IS,
Kellersberger's- map. Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to August and Christina
Wessell, lot on SW corner of Fifty-fourth anil
Sonoma and Genoe streets, S 135 W 57 -S"
N 115. E 57:43. lot 14. block O, map of Sa'nti
Fe Tract No. 4. Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Piedmont
Building Association, lot 20, Piedmont Tract
Oakland Township: $10. 3 -. '
¦ Helen E. Baker (widow) to John M. Baker
lot on W line of College avenue, 10 S (m
NE corner of lot lfi. W 1S2:2. N 60-2'i fj
186:2. S 6O to beginning. beJr.g S 50 feet of' lot
13 and N H> feet of lot. 14. map by J. s.
Stratton as per B n 427. Alameda: gift.
A. R. and Henrietta Denko (wife) to Jos«Th
Williams, lot on » lino of Halsthf avenue 21 1
E from line dividing Chipman West ltl-acre
and Au;rhinbaugh 223-acr« tracts. E 30'.5 by
1C3.75. portion said last tract. Alameda:' $10
Kate Costello (widow) to Edward T loiter
lot on W line of West street. 105 P of Thlrt»-I
seventh. S 25 by W 1CS.21. lot 3. block H
map of Major Given Tract Oakland; $10. . ."
Georg<> T. and Adelia S. Hawley to Jer*
and C. Frandsen (wife), lot on E lme of MyrtU
avenue. 100 S of Thirtieth street, S- 50 by E
125. lot 3. block C. Golden Gate Homestead
Oakland: $10. • • • - ' *
Sylvia Baker (widow) to Charles S. Earnarr?
lot on SW corner of Filbert and Thlrtiei*i
streets. S 50 by W 125. lot 21. block 6M \
Golden Gate Homestead. Oakland- $U> - ''
W. J. and Evalena M!l?s to Mrs. P. P-Har
ris, lot 14. block Q. corrected map block £
and portion block Q. Paradise Park Trie'
Oakland; ?10. . v. c :«
C V. ami Artdie P. Barlow to Anna Wool
ach (wife of J.). lot on N line of East Thirtv
first street. 50 W cf ITnlcn. W 50 hy N li«
lots 23 and 24. block I. n<*w map E- part or
Lynn Homestead. East Oakland; §10
Amelia R and Adelbm E. KpIIo^ | o Alfrpr!
Bayley. lot on NE line of East Twonf-thir i
street. 15O NW of Ninth avenue N'W if> kJ
NE 150. block -11 1. Clinton. East Oakland- Sift
John Rrodorick to Ellen C. UrorJerick *wlr>«"
lot on SE line of Thirteenth avenue 7- cw
of East Sixteenth street. SW «o b v ce i.
block' 65. Clinton/ East OaUland $10" - '
J. C. Dunham (single) trt Anna L. Ppter^n
(wife of J.. W. C). lot on N lin«. of East p^ur
%,*"£ 0 ' J* Ot Tw'ntr-third "avenue"
W 50 by N 15i>. East Oakland; $10 . .
Peter M. or P. M. and J. W c rvf*r^-i
to same, same deed given to rele^so a-refmenc
In SOS I>. 32O. E«st Oakland: $10 a ' r^ Tnt>nt
Katie L and.G. U-Fltz (and as attorney)
to Mette M. Hansen (single). I, t 25 and K %L
of lot 21. block F, aim>n lert map Christian'"!
Tract. Oakland Township: $.-».-¦ rl^ian.a
Anna C.and R. B. Kachlein «o Elisabeth
M. Swlnnock (wife of James E.). lot on s ltr
of Woolrey street. 40 E of Whltnej- F" 4O. w^
S 10O. lot 7. map Berkeley Park. Berkeley- $i£
William Alvurd (rlngle) to Jenni- E 'tLt'
row (wife of H. C). lot on S line of Bancroft
way. 150 E of Telegyaph avenue ((^hoatrt • r
150 by S 130. portlo^tot 7. block 10^. property
College Homestead Association. Berkeley- «i a
Jennie E. Barrow to the Berkeley r>ve!on
ment Company, lot on SE comer of Tel-sri-iAs
avenue and Bancroft way. S 130 bv E 1.1O nor
tlon lot S. block '1<\ property College Home
stead Association. Berkeley; Sin. lome
Berkeley Development Company to Alma a
Xeedham. lot 32, block C. ilopklns Verrar*'
map No. 2. Berkeley; $10. - .
REAL ESTATE TK.VXSACTIONS
BERKKI.ET. Sept. 4.— Mrx. Fannie L. Wel
don of 232* Fulton street, announce* the en
gagement <-if h»r «1au?ht<T. Him E11»« F. Wel
<icn. and G<_crg« F. Oxley. Miss Weldon Is a
Mngpr of note and 1c soprano of the choir >of
}=t Matthew's Eplfcopol Ch-jreh. Mr. Oxley
Ic * connected with an insurance company of
Ran Francisco and is a warder in St. Mat
th«>We. . .
Winfleld Scott Runde, a «on of C. H. G.
Jlunde and his bride, who was Mies France*
Norton, daughter of Frank B. NortoD of Ean
Mr. an<J Mrg. David McKay cf Oakland will
l*ave this week fnr a three month?" tour of
the Ka?t. (lurins which time they will vielt
the Ft. J^ouis Expcsitlon and all of the princi
pal cities.
Tn» N*-w Onturj' Club of Oakland proposes
t<> iffer to ladle* a course of demonstration
herons In cookery'. pr»r«*ti("d by a lecture en
•'The House Keautiful" (sanitation and hy
riene). C'v»>n hy Mrs. Jean Hinclalr of the
Ssr.ltary Institute, Lon-lon. The coun>e m-IU
begin Wednesday. September \4. at « o'clock.
A pfrformanre of ••The 'Prlvatp Secretary"
eajoyvd Thtirnday evenirs by a larg«
»VAt«r purty. inclurtir.c Mrx. M. Peterson,
Mt*. F. «:i.i«-k. Mrt. M. EbiUvIn (chaperon),
*trr. Tt. U. Mr'^ren. Ula Hva MrLarrn Mrs
V.-J* Gr^en. U'm A. Oliver. BflM J. Bottler.
Mtwi V. Park. Mir* M. Park. Miss M. Mills.
Uirs V. Ttt'-rsen
OAKI-AN'D, Bept. 4. — One of the weeks
surprises was the ann'jUnr.-ment yesterday of
Miss Julia Summers' engagement to William
Kinc-aiJ. The iiail'V news was circulated at
a card party given by Mies Summers at her
home on Hobart etrett In the afternoon, at
which forty or more gu^ts were present. The ,
fcride-elett te the daughter of Dr. and Mr?, i
R. A. fummi-K, is p»-tite and extremely
blonde. A graduate of the State l'nlv«=r.<ity,
charming and acoi»n-.pli»hed. Miss Summers is
the <-er.ur of Bfl adruirlng circle of friends,
and the announcement of ht-r approaching mar
riage — It Mill lake plafv in November — was the
• .,.-..-. for much immediate planning of af
fairs in hir booor. HUh j-"un:iners is an n
celltnt reader, and h«-r talent in that line haa
frequently contributed to the success of ec<cial
event?.
Mr. Kinraid i» prominently a;-s=oi'iated ia
business ulth the North* rn «\>mmerrial Com
l>»iiy at Han f"rancis<o. He if quite musical,
»:- : bring the |HMfrnPiTr of a good bar>tom-'
voice is a favoriw Eocialiy.
Mif." Suniine:* ui> UatStcd io-day by a bevy
of Hi^h S< houf git ip. friends of her your.gt-r
tit.ler, Minam. I'ticy v.ue: Miss Alice i;ru
tcn. Mis* Mamie Strcuil, Miss farnelita Hoil;s,
Uiaa ttebecca Miller. Miss irctie Sleivin. Miss
i i ;:!... Iiamels.
• • m
In UtUcfpatiOB of her absense in the liaat for \
several week^ Mr*. Prod Mum ha* bevu the
motif for i«*veri*l farewell cv« r.t?. one of the
nu>st <lei:g:hiful | being the unique afternoon
and evening g:\en by Mrs. IV. A. SchmcK.
Zbe laJiey eathrrr-d at the Schr<x-k heme <arly
in the afternoon and after several liours of
solid enjoyment w.ie gue«ts at en Adainles*
dinner. V.'hen th. men 'tame, however, which
they did later, the tables vtra turned, and
at 10 o'clock they enjoyed an |£relesj supp r.
In the interval a number of exoit.Dg fcar.T%s
of ¦ 8m» v/ere played. the prlxea being
<arrii-d cfT by Mry. Asa V. Mtndenhall Mr*.
John P. Maxwell. Jienry Hull and Dr. H. B.
Mehrmann. Dr. Morpe was awarded tte bfjcby
V.»iz«".
Tho«e who ii3rtich'ai #i <l in this <!e!lTh;ful
affair were: Ltr. and Mrs. F. M. Morse Mr.
and Mis. John Max»e.l Mr ami Mrs H.
Bull, Mr. H-nA Mrs. I. A. Berttta. Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. Scott. Dr an-i Mr.<. Mehrmann. Mr.
and Mrs. A. J'. Holland Captain and Mr.<.
J. H. Matthews. Mr. and Mrs. A«a V. M*n
denhall. .Dr. and Mr?. H. Orul«r. Mr. and Mrs.
E. Whitehead. Mr. and Mr*. \\'. J. La.\ manre,
Mis« Charlotte Ulsey. George McMer.omy, Will
Hammer.
• • •
A farewell dinner was given la«t Sunday
evening by Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. Wo'.lard at
their home. Jt:5< Market street. io J. J. Hef
ernan, a brother of Mrs. V.'oIJard. who ha-,
been visiting in Oakland, aftfr an absence of
eighteen years, ilr. H'-fTernan if now adver
tising manager of the Kait ijUce Evening Tel
egram. Thirty puf*ty tat down, to the table,
which was rlaboratriy decorated. After din
ner the evening was devoted to vocal and in
strumental mus-ic.
Mr. Heffvrnan returned to his Utah hom«
Monday morning.
Among those who rnjoyed the pleasant af
fair were: Mr. and Mrs. IV. H. Wollard, J.
J. Heffernan. Mr. and Mrs. I». Berlin Mr. and
Mr». John Heffernan. Mrs. J. P. uiake Mr.
and Mri. M. HelTernan. Mr. end Mrs. Fortun?
Auragny. Mr. and Mr?. Hugh Itodden, Mrs
Hmith. Mis* Mattie Wollard MIes I5ess!e
Smith. Harold Disk*. Kim Edna Bertin. Miss
Adel Auragny.
• • •
The home of Mrs. W. B. Mcsher, 30CS Har
prr street, IJerkeley. presented a gay and pic
tureeque 5cer,e Wednesday afTcrnoo;. -when the
ladies of the Er.tre Nous YvTiist Club entertained
.their friends at a high Jinks. The charming
hosic&s received in tb* rcswrnc of an ol<J
fathioned »rir! a:id vaf a!>Iy assisted 4>y Sin
Hopkins. The guest* thenwives were all in
fancy dress and masked, some of the charac
ters being Alan-a-l^ale. rbc- Heavenly Twins,
the Two Orphan*. Porahontas. I^ul fiing. a
Mason, a Japaney* lady, a spoilt kid, Lord
Ix-.ucUifi. a trained nur?e, a Sijani.«h girl, an
o!(i maid. * t-xubreite. a mermaid. Looking
Backward and Billy Bi.um-e. Thcitf- who par
ticipate.! in the vaudeville programme were:
Mls« Edith Traiiior, MIks St*>ven?'>n. Mrs.
PtaatF, Mrf. French, Mt>. Kmer*v>n. Mrs.
flhein. Mrs. (Cablet .and M!*e .tfraham. Oth
ers present were: Mifs Ethel Trainor. M»>8
dameii McCarty. Turner. Trainor. Flutherlunl,
Oayton. Brady, Orowfor. Grortt. Olln Gr^ve.
PonJiln, C.ookr. Harrj- A. Cooke. Swif;. Ste
veniuin. I>ikir.s. Coi-.ke. Groiiam. Minnie Staats.
Moshor. A!li5"n. I-'mllh. Ariiclsack Miss May
Watterbury, Mrs VowmttBd.
.¦¦•.-¦.• •
SilM Dirdl" Pilrhrr ? few cf her
friends «-ti Haxt&iy »-vnin>: laft at her heme
!n Eart Oakland, th" cocaxion Ueirg h<>r b'rth
dny. Miirh «:r.usi-mr-nt wag causw^/i by efforts
t«t eu'-F!" Om :!t!e<« cf sons-'. repirsc'nte.J by
ertirlrs wcira \<y ttn <su»sts. The la'lio* 1 prize
w»k won bjr ai'"^ <5«-rtr;'4« niy.'er an<i tbi gr-n-
Tlrnirn'F vriT.-- by Mr. Merrill. This an<! other
fsmes cassed U-.- evening to pen swiftly and
at n lat» Iic-ji a <>licicus supper was Kf««4.
AxaaGg th'-.fp present wero Mr?. R, W. Pii
< hf r. Mrf. I<la l.nu^h'and. Mr. nnd Mrs. Cal
HwinR. the 2l\vrr-« M. and Gertrude Dwyer.
Mihs niivTi*- Pil'-h^r, th* Mosers. Edmund
!>no!:»rt. V.'iliicrn U. Garaty..'E<l Broadwatcr
«nd IJ. llerrill.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 4. — Rev. Christo
pher Reuss was installed as minister
of the First Unitarian Church this aft
ernoon, the ceremonies beginning- at
4 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt of
the First Unitarian Church of San
Francisco preached the installation
sermon and the Rev. William Norman
Guthrie, rector of Christ Episcopal
Church of this city, delivered an ad
dress of welcome.
New Minister Takes Oilier.
Camozzi, while despondent from suf
fering with an incurable malady, blew
off the side of his head Friday night
with a shotgun at his home, 6jS* Myrtle
street. Neighbors heard the shot and
found the wounded man lying on his
bed. Camozzi had pressed the muzzle
of the weapon against his head and
had pulled the trigger with his stock
inged foot. The charge tore away the
left Bide of his jaw and cheek.
Only a week before that the sufferer
had returned from the County Hospital,
¦where he had been under treatment
for some time. Realizing that he must
soon die from the disease the sick man
decided to end his suffering. He was
taken Saturday to the County Infirm
ary, where he died at 10 o'clock this
morning. Camozzi was 4S years old, a
native of Switzerland.
"J^et him stay where he is and let
him be buried where he is" was the
reply Deputy Coroner Henry Quellen
received to-day when he notified J. J.
Camozzi, a hotel-keeper at Napa Junc
tion, that his brother, Baptiste Cam
ozzi, had died this morning at the
County Infirmary from a' self-inflicted
gunshot wound.
Whether Camozzi's bouy shall go to
the potter's field remains for develop
ments to show.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 4.
My leavinr Oakland Is entirely voluntary
end is not done with any haste or uncertainty.
The inattt-r of my leaving Oakland has been
a subject of consideration among various mem
bers of the board of directors and myself for
several months past, lri Jact my resignation
v.-as tendered to the president of the associa
tion three months ago, but because of the con
dition of the lanvisf for funds for the new
bullaing it was thought to be unwise to ae
<. pt the resignation (or fear that it might
Imperil the new building project.
It may be a matter of news to the people
of Oakland to know that I did not come to
Oakland as general secretary of the associa
tion, but rattier as a special financial expert
by the invitation of the international rare
mhtef to rai?o funds to clear the indebtedness
of *;-<>.u,o on the old building. It was thought
that the work could be completed in four
mouths* time at the longest. After~^th«- de
cision was reached to sell the old property
and < rtanl2> for a campaign for a new build
ing. I was aFhed by tlif b^ard to remain in
definitely or until success was a.-..ui«.l.
No one will accuse me or being discontented,
but on the other hand, I IjMl ihi»t 1 have Ixrfii
].atl»-nt and have done my very best .luring a
period which has extended to two ytars ana
eight month*. Wh<-n 1 left the East 1 promised
to return *x>n and undertake new building
can:|.-ait;r.s at \ariou» points. Repeatedly I
have bten npiwalcd id to fulfill my promise,
but I ctclintd 'to- leave .Oakland - until 1 felt
that ir.attets were safe here.
In JuKtift! to myself and to the Interests of
the association at large 1 feel • that the time
has come wht-n I can b? sal>ly"iipared. and
I have with the very best^feellng' toward Oak
land pet;pl<;. -Thrt txi>rO5sions ; ' of regret ami
the kind word? s>r«ok«n on the part of the
members of the bcanl of directors and a lar^i.
circle of other ft lends make n»y contemplated
departure one of deep reyret.- '
There trill l«? required $50,000 more in sub
•CtpUons before the new building can be
completed, but the secretary who will be em
ployed will be able during the coming months
U) secure the amount iirc.lfa. and tlie project
will net ruffT nor will efforts be interfered
with in any way.
Rev. O. St. John Scott, rector of St.
Andrew's Episcopal Church, has com
menced a series of Sunday evening dis
courses on the Ten Commandments.
"Christ's Message to Labor" was the
subject of a sermon preached this even
ing by Rev. Frederic H. Maar at the
Fourth Congregational Church.
Rev. A. CODlin delivered a discourse
this evening at the Thirty-fourth-street
Methodist Church.
Rev. H. W. Fraser, pastor of Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church, preached to
day at Centennial Presbyterian Church.
Trinity Episcopal Church celebrated
the first anniversary to-day of the rec
torship of Rev. Clifton Macon. Reports
from the church officers, were read,
showing excellent progress during the
year.
Rev. E. R. Dennett occupied the pul
pit to-day at the First Baptist Church.
Rev. Charles R. Brown will deliver a
series of Sunday evening sermons at
the First CongregatfcJhal Church on
"The Modern Young Woman." These
sermons will be given on the first Sun
day evening of each month. ',
\ At tha Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
to-day a review of the work of various
departments of the church was con
ducted.
Three thousand members of the
church, Sunday-school and auxiliary
societies took part to-day in the annual
rally at the First Presbyterian Church.
Each organization conducted special
exercises, which began at 9:30 o'clock
this morning with the Sunday-school
celebration. During these exercises the
pastor, Rev. Ernest E. Baker, delivered
an address on the "Object of Rally
Day." Class music and appropriate
recitations, reports from school officers
and* reception to new members occupied
the programme.
Communion services were held at the
regular morning worship. The pastor
preached. At the same hour, 11 o'clock,
the Junior Christian EndeaVbr Society
held a rally. The mission Sunday
schools of Telegraph avenue and Beth
any conducted exercises this afternoon.
At C o'clock the day was observed at
the Chinese Presbyterian Sunday-school
and at. the church by the senior Chris
tian Endeavor Society. ,
Rev. M. A. Matthews, D. D., of Seat
tle preached this evening at the ser
vices, which closed the day of rejoicing.
W. A. Kling, who has resigned the
secretaryship of the Young Men's
Christian Association, to which post he
came to forward the work of collecting
a fund for the new Y. M. C. A. build
ing, has made a public statement con
cerning his departure. Mr. Kling-said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 4.
Another successful auction sale of
I real estate was held yesterday after
noon In the offices of the Realty,
I Bonds and Finance Company.' forty
| choice residence lots, situated in Oak-
Hand and Berkeley, being sold in less
j than an hour. The property offered
for sale, was located as follows:
' Six lots on Linda Vista Terrace; seven on
I Adams street, Vernon Heights; four on Forty
seventh street, near West: two on Forty-sixth
street, near West; two on Valdex street, n*ar
Twenty-sixth; one en Peralta. street, near
Th'rtieth; seven in the University Park tract,
lierkeley, and eleven on Alllston way, near
Lcwell street, li:rkeley.
The sale was largely attended, both
by people who wished to purchase
property for building and those who
intended to buy for speculative pur
poses. The prices paid for the prop
erty ranged from $135 to $900.
Among the purchasers were:
[ R. I... Levensen. two lots. $901 each; R. W.
Whitehead. seven lots at prices from $132 0O to
$705; S. M Dotfge, one lot, $006; R. C. Smith,
two lots. $4tJ0 each; A. J. Snyder. seven lota.
one at fZ'ju and six at $5tfO each: \V. H. Mac-
Kinnon, six lots at slices from $215 to $415;
K. J. Brady, two lots. $i95 each; O. H. Fogg,
two lots, ?li25 each; W. E. Atwood, three lots.
$295 tach; W. J. Laymance, one lot, $175; H.
P. Holland, one lot, $'.'00.
LOCAL. 3IARKET ACTIVE.
One of the most important of the
recent transfers of local real estate
was the purchase by A. Lebrecht of
953 Chestnut street of the property at
Ninth and Webster streets, now oc
cupied by the Penn Oil Company. The
building now occupied by that com
pany will be moved as soon as a new
location can be secured and a modern
business block will be erected on the
property. Mr. Lebrecht purchased the
property from Taylor & Co. The sale
was consumated through the firm of
Taylor Bros. & Co.
C. H. Taylor o|,the above firm says:
Our business has Increased at least ICO per
cent within the last two months over the same
months of the previous years. We have re
ceived a large number of Inquiries from Eastern
people. al«o from Los Angeles and other
southern cities, and a great many capitalists
from San Francisco are seeking Investments,
realizing that Oakland has a great future. The
apparent certainty of the bonds beins carried,
together with a number of other enterprises,
seems to strengthen th-r faith of all outsiders,
and we feel that Oakland Is beginning to realize
Its own importance. Some of the recent sales
made by this firm are: A tract nfcar Beulah
Park for subdivision to Joseph Kllnd of San
Franc-.sco. a portion of Tuxedo Park to J. A.
Johnson of Alameda. residence on Thirty
seconJ street to J. W« Eber, residence on thirty
second street to G W, Xun;s, residence on
comer of Tenth and Magnolia streets to A. F.
Aird, residence on Athol avenue to Dr. A.
(lu'.braith of Chicago, business property on
Blghth street to James Brldeaux of San Fran
cisco residence on. East Nineteenth street to
E. C. Pendleton. residence in. Linda Vista to
James Fol;y. three lota on Boulevard Heights
to G. Vanrteneeroboom. residence on Ellth ave
nue to M. Flgolas. residence on Howe street to
Andrew Swanson, residence on Pearl street to
Major H. B. Orwlg. lot on Linden street to
A. E "Waters, business property on Twenty
second street to L. F. Herrick. lot on Athol
avnue to Marearet Dequeue, lot on Lydia
street to Ida J Deme. lot on Peralta Heights
to R. W. de Lansey. lot In Morse tract (Peralta
Heights) to W. C. Ames, business property on
Webster street to A. Lebrecht. The firm also
has a number of important deals on hand ln
volvlns considerable amount of capital.
H. C. Capwell. president of the Oak
land Board of Trade, who is enjoying
a trip through the Eastern States,
wrote to a member of the Board of
Trade that he expected to start for
California several days ago and would
probably- reach this city on Monday.
September 5. Capwell writes that the
proposed bond issue is attracting con
siderable attention in the East.
William J. Laymance of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company has just
returned from a vacation of several
weeks, spent in the mountains.
Wilbur Walker, secretary of the
Merchants' Exchange and a member
of the Alameda County commission to
the World's Fair, will leave for St.
Louis to-morrow morning. Mr. Walker
v.ill remain at the exposition during
the month of September.
Councilman Elliott will deliver an
address at a meeting of the North
west Oakland Improvement Club next
Tuesday evening*,
XEAVS OF SUBURBAN TOWNS.
The following statement from Fran
cis Ferrier, a prominent real estate
dealer of Berkeley, indicates that the
people of the college town are using
e\ery effort to advance the interests
of Berkeley:
I see no sign of & "let up'.' to the steady
growth of Berkeley.- We are making prepara
tions to attract as many of the visiting Sir
Knights Templar to Berkeley as possible dur
ing conclave week apd I arr. sure they will re
member Berkeley favorably when giving their
Eastern friends an account of their tcur to
California and return.
I understand that "the Realty Syndicate"
•will purchase, several thousand tickets from
th«s Key Route and Oakland Transit Company
and Iswue them In coupons under a handsome
souvenir cover. These tickets will be pre
sented to the visiting Sir Knights and their
ladles, enabling them to «ee all of Alameda
County traversed by the electric lines.
On Thursday. September 8. I9O4. at 4 p. m..
there wHl be a free grand concert in the
Greek Amphitheater, under the auspices of
the University of California, end this will no
doubt attract a great many.
A sixteen-page booklet, descriptive of the
university, has just been Issued for distribu
tion from headquarters of the conclave, 645
Market street. San Francisco.
An important sale made through my office
lately TV as block S. in the Lecnard Tract, to
John L. Shuman, the price being close to $13.
0CO.
Lots In the McGce Tract are selling well.
Over fifty have changed hands In the last elx
wfeki.
The Alameda Weekly News has is
sued a handsome folder in honor of
the visiting Knights Templar, bidding
them welcome to Alameda. The
folder contains much interesting and
valuable information relative to the
Island City.
An extensive business enterprise has
just been inaugurated in Haywards.
which will be known as the Haywards
Manufacturing Company. The com
pany was formed by D. Chrisholm,
proprietor of the HaV wards Agricul
tural Works. The capital stock of the
new company is fixed at $100,000 and
the officers and board of directors are:
President. D. Chisholm; general manager.
E. W. Merwln; secretary. E. Elchoft; treas
urer. D. Chlnholm: A. Noach. .T. B. Russell
and Arthur G. Allen.;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 4.
Secretary Kling of the
Y. 31. C. A. -Makes State
ment-Touching Retirement
Baptiste . Camozzi's Self-
Inflicted Wounds Prove
Fatal at County Hospital
Conclave of Knights Tem
plar Arouses Much Inter
est in County of Alameda
OAKLAND. Aug. 4. — The Alameda
County Retail Grocers' Association
will give an excursion to Sunset Park,
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, on Sun
day, September 18. The committees in
charge are now hard at work perfect
ing arrangements for the entertain
ment of those who take the trip. The
programme includes games and races
and a baseball game between the
Elben & Nor team of West Oakland
and the S. J. Sill team of Berkeley.
The committees in charge of the ex
cursion are:
Kxecutlve — George Hoffman (chairman). M.
P. Manning, George T. Morris.
Reception — A. J. Xor (chairman), II. Hauch.
t>. S. Alnsworth. J. D. Miller. W. E. Thomas*
H. 8. Haseltlne. A. Demars. S. J., Sill. W. J.
Reed.
Finance — George A. Russell (chairman).
George turn Suden.
Programme — A. Powers (chairman). Qeor?*
A. Russell. J. S. Wixson.
Games — J I* Woodworth (chairman), V..O.
Eiben. Al Fink, M. L. Rlerssen, C. Hadlen.
F. A. Reynolds. R Glllman. J. S. Crawford.
Floor— H. Grlfflng (chairman). H. Duncan.
John Rooney. H. G. Jone».
Music— L. Warnka (chairman), G. T. Morns..
Ticket — George Hoffman (chairman), H. P.
Manning.
The officers and directors of the. Re
tail Grocers' Association are:
Offlcers— L. Yl'arnke, president; F. B. Cook,
flret vice Dresident; F. O. Kiben, second vica
president: C. liadlen, third vice president: G.
T. Morris, fourth vice president; G. A. Rus
sell, treasurer: J. O. Reed, secretary. 'Direct
ors— S. J. Bill. H. D. Cushingr. G. A- Russell,
Q. T. Morris, ' George Hoffman.
Alameda County Association Will Give
Outins and Picnic at
Sunset Parl«
GROCERS PLAN EXCURSION"
TO SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
TALKS OF DEPARTURE
SUBURBS ARE ACTIVE
DESPONDENT MAX DIES
Coroner's Deputy Gets a
Sharp Reply From Brother
Who Is Told of Suicide
First Church in Celebra
tion and All Auxiliary
Societies Take a Part
Forty Fine Residence Lots
Sold Under the Hammer
in Less Than an Hour
NEWS OF DEATH
COOLLY HEARD
AUCTION SALES
PROVE POPULAR
PRESBYTERIANS
HOLD A RALLY
Native Sons and Daughters Announce Programme for Celebration of
California's Entrance to the Union— San Francisco Parlors
and the Governor of the State Will Take a Prominent Part
ADMISSION DAY TO BE ROYALLY KEPT
WITH A BRILLIANT FETE AT OAKLAND
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE : SAN FRANCISGO. CALL. MONDAY, 5> 1904.
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 17.
AliAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.The official Y. M. C. A. excursion leav
ing September 8 via the Grand Canyon
for the World's Fair will be the largest
of the year. Mr. F. W. Prince, city tick
et agent of the Santa Fe. will personally
conduct' the party. World's Fair rates
are pood for this trip. Full. information
at 641 Market st. ¦• ¦ •
Biggest j Excursion, of the Year.
SlimportSjof palm oil Into the Unltod
States increased from 8,081.252 pounds
in 1901 to 37,822,806 pounds in 1903. The
1903 imports were valued at $2,083,503.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things In pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. r* .
Art Notes.
ACCIDZNTS AT THE PARK.— Frank Me-
Keever. 075 Bryant street, reported to the
'¦•ark Hoppltal yesterday with & fractured ncse,
»hich faa had received while playinp hall at
t^.« park. He had Just left the hospital when
Frf'd M. Pottle, who lives at California and
ri'irr.cre etreet?, came to the hospital suffering
fan a ccr.tusicn cf the eye. Dr. Carl Wilson
r.rrFsei their wounds and they went home.
Miss Minnie Koehler was the recip
ient of a delightful surprise party Fri
day evening. August L'6, tendered by
the Misses E. Fuendeling and E. C.
Bofidewald. The farce, entitled "A
Kiss in the Dark." was presented,
Messrs. William Wolf and William
Klein, and the' Misses E. Fuendeling,
E. Bendewald and M. Koehler taking
part. Those present were: Messrs.
George Wellbrock, William Wc-lf. Wil
liam Klein. George Danenberg, Affred
Baumberger. Bernard Peterson. Ed
ward Koehler, Harry Ludin, Edwin
Baumberger, Theodore Fuendeling.
Herman Koehler, Harry Cousins. Carl
Holzmuller' and the Misses Louise
Wellbrock,- Anita Fuendeling. Edna
Becker, Elsie Bendewald. Dora Nien
stadt, Gertie Ewald. Jeanette Berry-
: _ L__*
enced in these boats'and the British
destroyers are but illy matched against
the foreign boats having two to four
knots greater speed. , -
The Italian battleship Regina Mar
gherita, of 13,214 tons, 19.000 horse
power and calculated speed of 19.5
knots, has made her preliminary
steam trials with good results. Dur
ing a three hours' run under natural
draught, the engines developed 18,
900 horsepower, giving a speed of 19.3
knots, exceeding the contract by -1.3
knots, and for half an hour under
forced draught the speed was 20.4
knots. -The/ Regina Margherita is -a
duplicate of the Benedetto Brin, which
made 19.5 knots on her trials in 1902.
the only difference being in the boil
ers," which "are of the" Belleville". type
in the earlier built ship and the Nic
lausse boilers in. the Regina Margheri
ta. The vessel's armament consists
of four 12-inch,, four 8-inch, twelve
fi-inch, sixteen 14-pounders and twelve
smaller guns, besides four submerged
torpedo tubes. The armor is light, be
\ng only a', 6-inch: belt and battery,
and 8-inch protection for the heavier
guns. . The'; ship was built at the} Spe-'
zia dockyard," laid down November. 20,
1898. launched May 30, 1901, and will
not., be:: ready: for commission before
January; 1905. . .
A farewell dinner was given at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. William H.
Wollard. 1054 Market street, to J. J.
Heffernon of Salt Lake City. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. P. Ber
tan, Mr. and Mrs. F.. Augury, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Heffernon. Mrs. Smith, Miss
M. Wollard, Mr. and Mrs. Roddin. Miss
E. . Bertin. Miss . E. Blake, Mr3. L.
Blake.-Mi?s A. Augury, Miss V. Ber
tin, H. Blake, Mrs. Will Wollard, Miss
B. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Gausur. Mr.
and Mrs. M. Heffernan and Will H.
Wollard.-
Miss Louise Bendewald was given a
party on her fourteenth birthday an
niversary Saturday afternoon, August
28, at her residence, 1007 Golden Gate
avenue. The Misses Alma Armstrong,
Maud Curley, May Streim. Emma
Streim, Vera Maass, Marie /Monteith,
Edna Joost, Edith Thode, Mabel Well
brock, Lillie Dinkelman, and Herbert
Gaevert and .Edwin Gingg were pres
ent.
Miss Josephine .Veley was given *a
pleasant surprise party Tuesday even
ing by her friends at her residence, 123
Thirteenth street. A 1 very pleasant
evening was enjoyed, after which re
freshments were served. Among those
present were: Roy Morey, Herbert Mil
ler, Paul Veley, Charles. Veley, Clarence
Mayes, Edward Kehoe, Charles Hap
ner, Charles Potts, Archie Cameron,
Fred Weber, Donald Cameron, Albert
Ochs, John Vetler, Miss Echo Butler,
Miss Alice Mooney, Miss Josephine
Veley, Miss Alberta Jacobs, Miss Anna
Jacobs, Miss Lenora Jacobson, Miss
Hazel Anderson, Miss • Mattie Cuddy,
Miss fCellie Baird, Miss Phyllis Veley,
Miss May Hapner, Miss Maud Schultz
and Miss Rose Gulhring. •
HOME PARTIES.
/Among the most enjoyable events of
the season was the wedding of Nicho
las Morrisey and Miss J. Benito Quin
lan at St. Joseph's Church September 1
at noon. Rev. Father Sullivan officiat
ing. The bride's charming brunette
beauty was admirably set off by her
delicate cream costume and her dainty
shower bouquet of bridal roses. Miss M.
Maud Herbert, a striking blonde, was
bridesmaid, J. L. Sullivan was best
man and little Miss Mildred Marie
Heisch of Sacramento,- a niece of the
bride, served as flower girl. " Those
present were: Mrs. Mary Quinlan, the
bride's mother; Miss M. Maud Her
bert, Mrs. J. O. Heisch. Miss Mae Quin
lan, Miss Mildred Marie Heisch, Miss
Grace Seeley, J. L. Sullivan, J. O.
Heisch and J. F. Renault. The couple
left for an extended tour in the south,
after which they will take up their resi
dence in this city.
Cards have been received, In this city
announcing the . marriage, which took
place in. Guatemala in the early fall, of
Robert. Cabrera and Miss Elisa Cordon.
The bride is charming . and accom
plished and of a prominent Guatemalan
family. Mr. Cabrera, a son of the late
Eduardo Cabrera, the San Francisco
coffee merchant, is a bright young busi
ness man of this city. Mr. and Mrs.
Cabrera will sail soon for San Fran
cisco, where they expect to remain for
an indefinite time.
On July 20 a very ,pretty wedding
took place at .the home of the bride's
parents at 210 Fair Oaks street. Miss
Ida Hanson was unitedin marriage^to
Albert E. Boyle, the Rev. H. B. Collier
officiating. The maid of honor was Miss
LIna Hanson,' a. sister of the bride.
Leonard McEvoy.a,' cousin of the
groom, was best man. :
\vi:ddixgs.
British naval critics consider the
recent building of twenty torpedo
boat destroyers and the further addi
tion of thirty-four," as provided for
in the naval estimates, a mistake.
There has been too great a sacrifice of
speed in the nev/ boats in order ,- to
obtain reliability and safety, for/while
those built prior to 1903 had nominal
speeds of 30 knots, with horsepowers
ranging from 6600 to 6000. the new
boats of much larger displacements
and 7000 horsepower do not 1 exceed
2G knots. The losses of two destroy
ers under conditions which indicated
that the hulls were too frail to stand
the stress* of sea and weather,-. led to
a modification of speed, and other re
quirements; but the difference between
30 knots and 20 knots is too great a
sacrifice and places 1 the new . British
destroyers at a decided disadvantage
as compared with French and Ger
man boats/ France is building; de
stroyers ranging from 280 to 335 tons,'
having speeds ranging 'from 28 to 30
knots, and Germany still: .''continues'
adding division boats of 350 tons and
29 knots .speed, to. , her, navy. ; No
structural deficiency has been experi-
Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans, re
cently "in command of the Asiatic
squadron, has come to the conclusion
that the excessive use of alcoholic
drinks while on liberty ashore or when
smuggled on board ship is one of the
worst drawbacks to discipline, and that
the majority of court-martial cases are
directly due to this cause. It is useless,
he says, to attempt to control this mat
ter by present regulations, which pre
vent the men from having a reasonable
quantity of beer and light wines on
board ships, and he recommends the
establishing of canteens, »"where such
beverages may be sold to the men while
at their meals or when coaling ship. He
urges the Navy Department to try the
proposed system for a period of six
months with a view of ascertaining
what effect it will have on naval disci
pline.
The British armored .cruiser Levia
than, 14,100 tons, attached to the China
station, grounded while anchored in
Yungching Bay during the latter par'
of July and sustained considerabla
damage. The double bottom, however,
saved the ship, and when the tide lifted
her she was able to steam to Hongkong
for docking and repairs. None of the
bottom plates were broken, but the
enormous strain had started the rivets
and seams, and two strakes of bottom
plates amidships had to be removed on
each side for a distance of 100 feet. The
repairs were calculated to take six
weeks and to cost about $100,000. The
dock in which the Leviathan lies is
designated as dock No. 1 and is the
largest of three completed at the dock
yard. It is 560 feet in length, 85 feet
wide at entrance and has 29 feet depth
over sill at ordinary spring tide. These
docks arc located At Kowloon, on the
mainland opposite Hongkong, where
work is now progressing extending the
dock yard, increasing its area from '4?i
acres to 3IH4 acres. ; These improve
ments are calculated to cost $6,000,000
and are approaching completion, in
cluding a granite drydock 550 feet in
length, which will be ready for service
in another year.
In addition to Great Britain's enor
mous expenditures on the navy proper,
which have risen from $S5,000.000 in
1S94-95 to over $180,000,000 for the pres
ent financial year, the home country
and its colonies expend large sums un
der the so-called naval works act for
inclosure and defense of harbors, adapt
ing naval ports to present needs of .the
fleet and on naval barracks. The total
sum expended for such purposes since
1S95 is nearly $65,000,000. and as much
more will be required to complete the
work by 190S. Only a small portion of
this outlay is included in the naval es
timates. . Among the most costly im
provements and new works going on
are the Keyham dockyard extension,
estimated at $20,000,000; Gibraltar, $13,
000.000: Simons Bay. South Africa. $12.
000,000; Dover. $17,000,000; Malta, $6,000,
000. and Portsmouth naval barracks,
$3,COO,000.
TORPEDO-BOATS NOT SAFE.
Two battleships, denominated as O
and P, are to be laid down for the
German navy at an early date. They
arc of the Braunschweig class, of which
five have been launched since 1902, and
one is nearly ready for floating, mak
ing a total of eight battleships of the
same tonnage, dimensions, speed and
armament. As these ships were built
two at one time various minor changes
and improvements were introduced and
the two new vessels will carry heavier
armor and batteries than earlier ships
of the game class. They are to be of
13,200 tons normal displacement, 338.63
feet in length, 72.83 feet beam and 25.23
feet mean draught, carrying 800 tons
coal on normal draught and have a
bunker capacity of 1600 tons of coal and
liquid fuel. The main belt" armor «is
9.45 inches maximum thickness, dimin
ishing to 5.9 inches and 3.9 inches at
the ends; the above water belt is 8
inches and the casemate 6.7 inches.
The armament consists of -four. 11-inch
guns, ten 6.7 inch in battery, four 6.7
inch in casemate and twenty-two 14
pounders, besides five - submerged and
one above-water torpedo tubes. Like
all the prior ship3 of the class thsy
are to have triple-screw engines of
16,000 horsepower, giving a speed of 18
knots, but the new ships are to bs
fitted with water tube boilers alone,
twelve of the Thornycrott-Schultz type
to be substituted for the previous prac
tice of part water tube and cylindrical
boilers. The estimated cost of each
ship is 53,750,000.
A board of United States naval en
gineers appointed to examine the mer
its of ' turbine propulsion for vessels
has concluded its work and is preparing
its report, which will be in favor of
adopting the turbine for the new
scouts. The advantages over present
machinery now in use is -a complete ab
sence of vibration,' a . most important
consideration in gun pointing and com
fort of the crew;- no pounding of en
gines; reduction of the engine-room
force; additional coal capacity, due to
a reduction of weight in machinery,
a:» the lowering of the center of grav
ity because the motors are placed Just
above the Moor plates. The difficulty
of reversing from going ahead to back
ing has been overcome and the entire
system is highly commended.
WANTS CAXTEEXS IX XAVY.
FORT GIBSON. Indian Territory,
p^pt. 4.— The remains of Talihina, the
once beautiful Indian maiden who was
the wife of General Sam Houston,
¦were removed to the National Cemetery
at this place to-day from the old
burial ground at Wilson Rock, where
they have rested since her death long
years ago. The removal was made
under authority of the United States
Government-
Houston came direct to the Cherokee
t"\vn of Tahlonteeskce. situated at the
mouth of the Illinois Bayou, thirty-five
miles below Fort Gibson, when he sud
denly left Tennessee. John Jolly, the
pub-chief of the Cherokee tribe, adopt
ed him as his son. He took the Indian
name of Coionnch, or the Raven.
A few months after Houston took up
his residence with Chief John Jolly he
met and fell in love with Talihina. She
i.as a haJfbreed and is said to have
bt-en very beautiful in face and form.
They became husband and wife accord
ing to the tribal laws.
In 1S3Q. only a few months after
Houston took up his residence with the
< "herckecs. he visited Washington at
the hoad of a delegation of prominent
members of his tribe to protest against
• ¦crtain outrages and swindling to
which he claimed they had been sub
ject at the hands of agents and con
trattcrs. Hie revelations of the swindl
ing which had been carried on and
the way in which the Cherokees had
been victimized caused a profound stir.
Leaving Washington Hc-uston return
ed to his Indian home, where he led a
dissolute life until the early part of
March. 1S32. when he was again sent
;•> Washington by the Cherokees on a
matter of business. Soon after his ar
rival In Washington Congressman Wil
liam Stanberry of Ohio took occasion
to make a severe attack on General
Houston and President Jackson. Hous
ton sent a note to Stanberry asking if
he had used the language in his speech
as reported. Stanberry ignored the
note and Houston, meeting him on the
street, gave him a severe drubbing.
When he thought he had drubbed him
enough he coolly walked off.
Houston's admirers on the frontier
cave him a warm welcome upon his
return to his home near here and not
the least of these welcomes was that
accorded him by his half-breed Indian
wife. Talihina. The loving greeting
« hich she gave him was such a de
parture from the usual stolid love of
The Indian that the incident is still
talked about in the households of the
Cherokees.
Houston took his departure for Texas
on December 10. 1SC2. Nothing is known
<if the farewell scene with his beauti
ful Indian wife. Talihina. Without
saying anything to his Indian friends
he silently rode off on a little Indian
jH>r.y ard made his way to Texas,
•a here he met the leaders of the brave
hand of men who were striving to free
ihct domain from Mexico. What he
accomplished during the next thirty
years of his life is a matter of his
tory.
Sr*ci«l Dirritch to Th« C«"^.
Mr. and Mrs. Silas Moore gave an
exceptionally enjoyable affair at their
San Anselmo residence Saturday even
ing, August 27. a platform was erected
under the trees and the guests, num
bering about one hundred and twenty
five, spent a merry time dancing by
the light of the full moon. The grounds
were prettily decorated with Japanese
lanterns and electric lights. Captain
F. K. Moore brought from the city
Lingees' orchestral which furnished the
music for dancing. The guests were
mostly residents of San Anselmo, al
though there were a number of friends
from San Francisco, who remained all
night. Among the most noted were
Professor Don Pardee Riggs and wife
of Fresno, on their return trip from
JBostc-n, where they have been studying
music. They rendered several violin
'Rnd vocal selections, which were great-
I ly appreciated. The Moore quartet sang
several of their sweet songs. The quar
tet is composed of the father and his
three sons.
. . • • » •
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Newman of 417
Central avenue gave a coming-out
party to their niece, Miss Sadie Harris,
on her eighteenth birthday. Tuesday,
August 30. Their home on Central ave
nue was elegantly decorated. Among
those present were the following:
Misses Sadie Harris, Rose Varner,
Terise Newman, Hilda Kraus, Maye
Snyder. Lottie Greenberg, Belle Selig,
Viola Selig, Lulu Greenberg, Fannie
Greenberg, Mr. and Mrs. M. Klein, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Newman, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Harris, Mrs. M. Greenberg of Fresno,
Messrs. Louis Haas, James McKewn, I
S. L. Haas, 3. Alexander, S. Selig. |
Louis W. Isaacs, Benjamin Kraus and
Harry Frank. *
• • •
On Thursday evening, August 25. Mr. j
and Mrs. Julius Weber entertained a j
large number of friends at the home j
of Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Jaquea, Briar i
Wild Hall. Ocean View, In honor of
their daughter Juliet's eighteenth birth- ;
day. Among thosfe present . were the
following: Mr. and Mrs. Julius Weber, |
Miss L. Weber, Mr. and Mrs. D. E.
Jaques, Miss Julia Jaques, Miss Elean
or Jaqucs, Albert Jaques, Fred Jaques,
Master Paul Jaques. William Powell,
Miss Lee Powell, Eugene Kaufman,
Arthur Kaufman. Mrs. C. F. Ott.
Misses Clara and Freda Ott. Miss
Ethel Semer, Miss Edna Ruppert, Mrs,
C. E. Carlson, Miss Hazel Carlson, Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Brown, Mrs. George
W. Paterson, Miss M. Zabuskle, Gec-rge
C. Paterson, Miss Mildred Paterson,
Miss Anna Paterson, Miss Anna
Magan, Miss Francis Magan. Miss
Rose Manges. Mrs. Manges, Mrs. E.
KUbury. ! Miss Jessie Kilbury. Mr.
Ichler, Mrs. Ichler. Miss Hazel Burns,
Professor Louis Sachar. Mrs. Grace
J. Grace, Miss Mabel Gearing, Len
Kuhlman, Arthur Love, Miss Eugene
Worther. J. Daly.
About thirty indictments have been
returned against officials in various de
partments. ,
man, 1 Gertie Sailing, Elsie Fuendeling.
Minnie Koehler, Emrae Bendewald,
Gussie Bender and Clara Ehrenpfort.
Details are given showing that in the
last two years the county of Silver
Bow has been robbed of hundreds of
thousands of dollars by fictitious- and
fraudulent claims, including expenses
for pleasure trips to New York, guns
and ammunition for hunting, the build
ing of private roads and the carrying
of private employes on the pay roll of
the road department.
Commissioner Peoples is accused of
being a self-confessed bribe taker. It
is said he admitted before the Grand
Jury that he had received $1000 for vot
ing to award a county printing con
tract to the Butte Miner Publishing
Company, Senator W. A. Clark's news
paper. The Grand Jury says Peoples
seemed to take pride in the fact that
he ¦ got the money, and considered it
legitimate, because the money was not
taken from the county, but came from
the treasury of Senator Clark's com
pany. By the contract the county has
been paying $9000 a year more than it
would have paid if other bids had been
accepted.
The Grand Jury recommends that A.
A. Cosman, the County Auditor, be re
moved from office for neglect of duty in
having permitted the county to be
robbed. ..
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 4.— The county
Grand Jury, which has been in session
since December 28 Investigating cor
ruption in county offices, made a par
tial | report yesterday, in which only
three county officials escape accusa
tions. The chief charges are against
Commissioners W. D. Clark, M. P. Hag
gerty and Patrick Peoples, Assessor
Daniel Brown and Road Supervisor W.
H. Matthews, who are accused of hav
ing been • in a conspiracy to rob the
county. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
! Mr: and Mrs. Adolph Cohn, who have
just announced the engagement of their
daughter Gertrude M. to Harry S. Gold
berg of Los Angeles, held a reception
yesterday.
The engagement is announced of Emll
Pursch, formerly of San Francisco, to
Miss Anna Liebman of New York City.
Mrs. I. Brownstone announces the
engagement of her daughter Pattee to
I. Hanak. They will receive Sunday,
September 11, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 643
Devisadero street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Crocker have an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter Sadie to M. Levy. The reception
will be held on Sunday, September 11,
from 2 to 5 p. m., at their residence,
1818V6 Post street.
KNGAGE3I15NTS.
Chief Wittman has requested Cap
tain Burnett of " the Harbor district
to question the men on duty in the
vicinity of Spear and Market streets
and report' to' him.
GrisnelJ asked the boy to take him to
a police station and Quinlan took him
to the City Hall Station. Sergeant
Tobin, who-was in charge at the sta
tion, sent ; Policeman Cornelius with
Grisnell. to. the Central Emergency
Hospital, where Grisnell told the story
of having • been robbed and clubbed
on Fillmore street. He knew the street
because l.e said he read the name on a
lamp nost.
DetectiyeRyan has been detailed on
the case. He ascertained from Gris
nell that he went to the Chute.3 on
Friday night where he met two women
he had known before. He did not know
their names, 'but they lived on Howard
street, near. Sixth. They had several
drinks at; the Chutes and when they
left there. they went to a restaurant on
Sixth street, near Mission. After sup
per he escorted the women to their
home. Then he started out to find
the Winchester Hotel and several peo
ple he , asked < told him he was going
in the' right direction. Instead of
walking westward he haa walked in
the direction of the water front. He
still persists that he was robbed of
516 or $17 by a man in uniform and
clubbed.
The police have not finished investi
gating the. charge made by F. T. Gris
nell of "Wadsworth, Nev.. that he had
been robbed arid clubbed by a police
man o^Elllmore street, near Market,
early Saturday morning.
It was . discovered yesterday that
Grisnell was' entirely at sea in regard
to the. location of the alleged robbery.
Joseph Quinlan, a newsboy living at
115 Filbert" street, was accosted by
Grisnell on. Spear street, near Market,
about 3 .o'clock Saturday morning.
Grisnell asked the boy for a match and
told him that. while he had been asleep
on the curbstone a policeman had
awakened, him by putting his hand in
his pocket and taking his money. When
he remonstrated with the policeman he
was clubbed.
FORMIDABLE
NEW WARSHIPS
FOR GERMANY
Body Is Removed From
Wilson Kock and Interred
iu the National Cemetery
XewsboyMs Found -Who Took
Him From Spear and 3Iar
ket to the City Hall Station
Only Three Officials of
Silver Bow County Not
Included in Indictments
The Channing Auxiliary, of which
Mrs. W. VL Wheeler is president, will
hold Its first monthly meeting of the
year to-day at 3 o'clock in the parlors
of the First Unitarian Church. The pro
gramme will be presented by Miss Inge-
I borg Resch Pettersen, the charming
Swedish singer." Her programme will
be: Aria. "With Verdure Glad," from
"The Creation" (Haydn); (a) "Loreley"
(Liszt), (b) "Le Violette" (Scarlatti);
<a) "Syneves Song" (Kjerulf). (b) "Ved
Sundct" (A. Dacker Grondahl). (c). (d),
(e) Norwegian folksongs.
...
i The California Club has issued the
following calendar for September,
v^hich augers well for the activities
under the earnest new president, Mrs.
AFlett R. Cotton.
• ;lut» rr.~?t;nrs: Tuesday. September <3 — By j
rcafon of Knights Templar'* parade and recep
tion* no ip-eiiiii will be \\c\<\ at 2:50 9 p. in.
Turjrfay. Srptrmber 1.1 — • Special meeting to i
consider and decide upon all questions relating .1
to builflinjr rliibbouse. ?.nU to transact any ,
othrr l>ut>ims» that may come before the men- |
ir.R. Tuesday. S<otembtr 20 — Programme in '
«har?rc of \\;r derailment of education: Mme. '
EmJli* Tcjctti. iliairman; outlim- of work by'
thV chairman or the deifartmtnl of civics and !
of the d'tiartment (it social «efencc: brief re- i
port* <iT l»?.'.icr« of 'section* iti the department
..r education: taik, subject: 'The Parental
Sc"ijocl in San Franoif-po." by P.Ichar.1 U. Falk
irr. irincirel or First Parental tkliool. San
Francisco. Tuefday. September '.'7— Social day:
protnnuiM in rlurrti of Mrs. John D. Sibley;
Informal talk on "The Maoris of New Zealand. |
tlK-ir !.cn<cs and customs." Miss Agnes Ci'. !
Murf.hy: a typical Australian recitation. "*A .
Wire Kn.-m the Bush." Mits Alrac lloore. '
ProfCFsor Theodore Salmon, pianist: Miss May
Kcrrcll. alto tololut: lailles' quartet.
Detriment *nt\ Fertion meetings— Directors*
me* tins. Monday. \» h. ui., September 5; whist
mjAVm. Friday. 10 a. m., September 9; parlia
mentary HrvMon. Tuesday. 1 :S0 p. m., Septem
ber 13: tiepaitn:ent of civics. Wednesday. 1i>:15
a.m.. Scpteiufci-r I*: dermrtment cf education,
Wedmsuisiy. 2 p. m., September 14; art section.
W/dmndwy. :;:..u ;>. m.. September • H :¦ Krvncn
*ecti<-n. Thursday. 'J. r>. m.. September ID; Cur
rent tonk-x wcticn. Thursday. :i:3i)p. m.,- Sep
tember 1!4; wh!Ft -"tellon. Friday, 10. a. m.,
September • 1C; traveling, library section, Fri
day. If) a. m.'. (September 16; department of
rticial science, Friday. 2 p. m., September Jfi;
*nu£ic i ectitn. Friday. 3 a. m.. S?ct:-mber 10;
The clever "Cap and Bells" have
postponed the'.r opening cay until Sep
tember 15. What a crop of good stories
will be on tap that day. after an ac
cumulation of three months. The fol
lowing announcement has been Issued:
Social day of Can ana B»!l« — Mrs. W. P.
BucUinRham. president: Thursday, t-ej>t?inb<*r
15. 1901. et bom cf Mr*. W. S. Gage. liJTO
Dread way. at 2:."0 p. m.; board meeting at 1:50
p. m. |
Wit and humor By the membsrs
Violin «o:os — a. "Romance" (Svendson); b.
"Perpetuum Mobile" inter)
' Miss Grace Freeman
B'jrk *nd wing <lar.ee in costume
Ramon I^andsbprsf r
Wcltz Cos in costume
Itamcn and L>oriP.<» I^anrlsberscr
"Kuss.an Rcirnnct" . .llmr. J'arask»n i»rc?rsky
l'sychlt talk I>r. T. B. Janes
Accompanist, Miss Ena I.angwortby.
I'roj;ran:me unOcr direction of Mrs. S. P.*
BlamrnUers.
First of all, the school was formed
as an integral part of the compulsory
education' law. Before the establish
ment of the school the habitual truan
cies were reported by principals to the
truant officers, who thereupon set out
to gather up the lads. Upon capture
they were reinstalled in the schoolroom
only to repeat the act on the morrow.
After a time these lads were given up
as hopeless, as they Interfered with
the routine of school work and were
dropped — dropped to become vagrants
and to prey upon the public. Now,
there are the lads— forty-five of them—
that have been interested sufficiently to
come to school every day, and what is
more, to manifest that interest by
working cheerfully within it.
How? Ah, good friend, love and tact
and human sympathy lie at the bottom
of parental school methods, when the
"good" in the lads is reached and ap
pealed to. It takes specialists to do it,
even as it takes specialists to treat
your body when it's ill. for these chil
dren of the street are ill — morally and
mentally ill — from heredity, environ
ment or acquired physical deficiencies.
Xow that the school is a reality the
California Club, the Associated Chari
ties, the juvenile court committee and
all the allied friends of children are
truly" grateful to the Board of Educa
tion for this enlightened step — which,
however, is only a beginning.
A dormitory is needed to complete
the training of many truant lads— lads
to whom "'home" has come to mean a
place where "his folks," as they term
them, meet to- sleep, drink, eat and
fight. But all things will come in good
time when the cause is just.
The Board of Education possesses
seme good lots out by the Golden Gate
Park. Here would be an ideal place
for a Parental Home, one such as
Chicago. Boston. Philadelphia and New
York possess. Here the boys could be
taught gardening and the elements of
trades, combining elementary, school
work with hand work — all of which
would greatly assist in the upbuilding
of new brain tissue, new thoughts* new
ideals and new boys. And success to
it! Likewise to its friends!
The secret of this? Just ask Mr.
Faulkner, or his assistant teacher, Miss
Ray Alexander. Or better still, go out
some day to the little schoolhouse on
Eighth street and see for yourself.
The best bit of literature that has
been committed to print these many
moons was the report submitted to
Superintendent Langdon on the new
Parental School by Principal Richard
D. Faulkner and read to the members
of the Board of Education c-n Thurs
day.
Xot that the diction was especially
distinctive — not that. It was couched
in good old Anglo-Saxon, simple and
direct as becomes official reports, with
few "whereases" and "therefc-res" . in
Its structure ard very like hundreds
of other reports passed up monthly at
the City Hall.
But in every line there runs a tense
human interest— and therein lies its
honest claim to literature. Besides, it
deals with children, and the type of
children that most concerns us, because
they have passed parental control and
who are now at the turning of the
roads that lead to goed citizenship or
on to the embattled walls of criminal
ity. For it is known — and definitely
known — that from the ranks of the
habituaj truant are recruited the men
who fill the Jails. Reared o:i the street,
the brain cells are fed on the pabulum
of the street, the mind creates its
ideals from the street.
Therefore is the Parental School
only a few weeks oJd, it is true, but
according to that "bit of literature," it
is sheltering forty-five boys within its
gates and actually "holding" them.
Forty-five lads have been rounded
up from as many neighborhoods who
have sorely perplexed the inhabitants
thereof— and incidentally the policeman
—he-used together in school, with dead
things called books to deal with and
coming to school daily of their own
volition. ¦ ,
"These forty-five boys," says Mr.
Faulkner, whom the lads have grown
to know «as their friend, "have been at
tending regularly since their individual
enrollment, with but cne exception.
That defection was but for a, day."
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
A week hence the clubs— social, cul
tural and philanthropic— will enter«ipon
their activities, foreshadowing the fun
of the winter. v :r ,".
-As the years wax older, so do loves
grow stronger. If you doubt it look at
the. linking of hearts in these Septem
ber days. But 'tis ever thus — as the old
world moves on its way.
LARGE SUMS STOLEN
WRONG IN THE LOCATION
WAK CHIEF'S DAUGHTER
iovemment Takes Care
of Remains of Famous Tex
an General's Indian Bride
Butte Grand Jury Files
a Startling* Report After
Several Months of Probing
Inquiry Into Charge Made
by F. T. Grisnell Against
Patrolman Not Finished
Report of the Principal
Arouses Vital
Interest.
Nuptial Feasts Fiil
; the Days With
Pleasure!
directors' meeting." Monday. 10 a.m., Septem
ber 10; Spanish section, Monday. " p.m.. Sep
tember l'.l; pliyskal cuiture section. Mondaj% \
p. in., September 1U; parliamentary section.
Tuesday, !:.'iO'i). m.. September l!0: tliterature
Eeclion. Thursday, :',:'M p. in.. September "'2;
whist yection, Friday, .10 a. m.. September *J3;
physical culture section, Monday, 4 p. m., Sep
tenibet ¦ 'M: p<rlianuntary s-ectlcn, Tu?»iay, 1:30
p. m., September 27: department of civics,
Wednesday, 1 u : 1 r> a. m., September 2S; art
section. 'Wednesday, 3:."»0 p. m., September 23;
whist section, Friday, 10 a. m., September SO.
•All members Interested in the music section
are requested to meet Mrp. John D. Sibley In
the cluCrooms September 10 atvS o'clock.
tTopIe for first month literature section,
"Helen Hunt Jackson. Novelist and Poet: Her
Influence upen the Thoughts and Actions of
Our Times."
SU8ANNE K. PATCH, Financial Secretary.
HONORS SHOWN
HOUSTON'S WIFE
ACCUSES MANY
MEN IN OFFICE
STILL ALLEGES
HE WAS ROBBED
PARENTAL SCHOOL HAS DEMONSTRATED
THE WISDOM OF ITS ESTABLISHMENT
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 5! 1904.
5
POSTOI^JCEREAI*^
KEEPS GROWING.
Coffee Drinkers Want It Stronger and
Stronger.
"I Lave be~n a hard coffee drinker
all mjr life." rays a Pittsburg: man,
' and the longer I used it the stronger
I wanted it— two or three cups at each
inea!. At times shortly after meals I
•.vould be in dlstresB, v.-ould spit up
large mouthfuls of bitter, yellow stuff
and would have sharp pains ir. my
the?t end feel dizzy and water would
run" out cf nsy eyes and nose. My
rr.cihcr kept tcllins me it was because
I drank coffee, but I did not believe
her, for I thought I could not eat a
me.il without my coffee.
"Finally I cot so bad I had to lay off
•vorking entirely. One day I saw a
Posfum article in a pap?r that made
me think and to'd mother to get a
package and we would try it. At first
St was not boiled enough and tasted
flat, but next dsy it v.as made better
and I got to liking it better and better
and in a few days I told mother not to
make any more coffee, that Postum
was better. Oh. how glad I am I
found Postum. I am a different man,
my troubles gone and know I can
thank Postum for it, for I am back at
work again, strong and healthy. •
"I had a tlccx friend that was a cof-
fee drinker and I could see he was not
well. Or.c <Iay he did not come to
v.ork and that r.ight I called on him—
he was walking around looking like a
•wreck. I told him I thought I would
find him in bed soon, but h« paid, 'Xo.
1 am not that Eick. but I just cannot
rvnrk; in fact, can't do anything, for
I can't Elcep r>r cat." He 1 paid he had
r.ot taken a bite all that )Jay and all
he had hzd wa? three cups of coffee.
th* last one h«» cou'.d not keep down.
Ho raid. 1 just feel eo bad I don't
know what to do.* ami he looked it,
ton. Ke was as yellow as a John China-
man; his ftycti were sunken with dark
lings around them; the fact is he v.as
e off re poltOBtdJ
"Then I told him wliat was tho mat-
ter with him and said It was coffee. I
if>ld him toy experience and lie laughed
at me. I wanted him to quit coff°e
for a tvppk any nay and see if he did
not f«=fl better. I told him that Postum
vas better than coffee anyway.
"H** said h* 1 did not know how in the
"orid be « ould get alcn;r without coffee.
5>ut I finally made him get a box of |
Po*tum and make it according to di- j
"In thr^« days h*> wag back at wcrk
?rd. t<» make a )nr.z Ptory short, he hns
t<<*- ratlrcly c/ejl by leaving off coffee
znd uFins J J «.'stum. I will give you his
turn:? nn<l addrefs. tent." Names and
3fl<lrfy?<fc -riven by Postum Company
Battle rn>?k. Mich.
G^t the bock. -The Road to Well-
rillV in each pkg.
j AMUSEMENTS.
#*AI BfifLfigSSA m remain
vUL.Uf¥i£§l£? lEAD'SG IHEAiaE
Powell St.'. Near Market.
2 WEEKS TO-"*lfSHT
NOTE — During This KngaRcment Per-
formances will be given every ni^i.t.
- ;'. .. - .XJICIi'UDXZXO SUNDAY.
•Matirre Saturday Only.
•mr.kyrleBj£LLEW
And Oricin.il Company. Including
E. II. HOLLAND.
In the Celebrated Dramatic Study In Crimi-
nology.
RAPPI F*«i THE AatATETJE
PRICES— Ore ¦hPstra.-$2: i!resn circle. *l 50:
Balcony, first «~ven rows, $1: n»st ssven
t row*. 73c: Sffvnil Pa!cony. r*MTV*4, W>c: ad-
! mission, 25c.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE!
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND IITSB? SAT THIS WESX.
The Great Singing 1 Ponr; Barton and
Brooks; Three Mitchells; Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Selcy; Klein and Clifton; Paul
Barnes; Eva Williams and Jac Tnck-
er. Presenting "Driftwood" and
"OUR BOYS IN BLUB."
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
OPEI?\Ilf||[lW[
BEGINNING MONDAT, SEPT. 5.
! LAST 2 WEEKS $$ SKJi
uTOREADOR
MATINEES izMii'"
£8g^ T SERENADE
USUAL. TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, 50c. 73c.
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT T^^ TO-NIGHT
TO-DAY Holiday Matinee TO-DAT
Tremendous Triumph of OLIVER MOROSCO'3
MAJESTIC THEATER CO. Offering,
tie 1 313C6 the Kll|
MATINEES THURSDAT. FRIDAY AND
SATURDAY.
.
ALL THIS WSEK.
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Wonderful Portrayal of
SAPHO
Matiness — Wednesday. Friday (Admis- E
sion day) and Saturday. 3
TO-DAT — SEAT SALE 7OS g
"MASTA OF THE LOWIiAJIDS." 9
AT f^ A T A T3 Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pr D pr pr;
Ceneral Manager.
Starting with LABOR DAY MATINKE
(TO-DAY. MONDAY. Sept. 5>. ALL WEEK.
With Mats. Thurs.. Friday (Admission
Day) and Saturday.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mats.. 23c to 50c.
WHITE | AND THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLBbEY
In the Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EMMET
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The Original Version by Brandon Tynan.
Monday. Seot. 12. MR. WHITE WHITTLE-
SEY in "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
\Jlb3v 6 H SHsa PROPS
BELASCO & MAYER Proprietors
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone Soutn 333
Starting With
LABOR DAT MATINEE TO-DAT.
All This Week— Special Matinee Friday (Ad-
tnisston Day).
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Theodore Kremer's Most Powerful Drama.
THE EVIL MENDO
Massive and Maunincent Scenic Environment!
Brilliant Cast!
DDIPEC Evenings 10c to 3Co
rnltCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
next only a shop orai.
"WELCOME," SIB KNIGHTS:
SPECIAL MATINEE THIS AFTEKNOOJJ.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Funniest Play in the City.
B,est Music. 'Dancea. Marches.
Twenty Clever Specialties'.
Scenery. Crstumin* L'nequaled.
Unrivaled Cast of Burlesque Artists.
DOROTHY MORTON RICE & CADT
GEORGIA O'RAMEY BOBBY NORTH
EDWIN CLARK BEN DILLON
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL HICKMAN
Beautiful Chorus of Forty.
Night. 25c. W>. and 73c. Saturday and Sun-
day Matinees. tlTw and 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE NKXT FRIDAY
<Admission l>ay.)
Burlesque to follow. "MISS MAZLMA."
The MusicaTCooImans
And • Splendid 8now Every Aft«raoon
and Sveniasr In tbs Theater.
TO-D/W
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION
Ball and FlrewrrX* at N'jjht
AMATEXm KIOHT TZUBSDAY.
ADMISSION t«c | CHILDREN ....Se
Whtn phoning aafc for "THE CHCTKJ."
. MISCELLANEOUS JAMPSESngng^.
LOVT fail lr» visit the NKW TOKK. 1 tn £
dally ami see the ILLUMINATED FI.EKT
AT NIGHT. 7 to in .. m l> *\'« V*f"
the risht tickets from the C. A- McNEILL
I,\CNCH CO., office and landinr foot of
Clay «.. just noith of Ferry building.
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
for Infants ar.d Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of &&/?/%/&!&&!&£
CU/TLERY . •
EVERY.BLAKWRRANTED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i.:. ........ .¦..¦.. :•".¦,*
Persian Lamb
Jackets $150.00
These handsome jackets have sur-
pr.'sed lots of women who looked at
the $175 and $200 jackets of other
stores before coming here.
Every part* is fine— the fur, the
shape, the lining, the workmansh p.
DONT FORGET OUR NUMBSR
Pfllarp D °N' T FAIL T0
raiaWC sse the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r» j PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
\J1U11U LOR. and the LA-
II i 1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
THE MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
I r J33 ? MarMSt.,,Opp. Mason.
SHEET MUSIC AT HAI.r PBICS.
Edison Gold Moulded Records
Reduced J^ Each
F»ETER; BACIGALUPl
Edison • h nograph fien y
786 MiisSION i»T.. oan Francisco
Open Saturday E venlasr*.
~~ DR.P1ERCES
GOLDEN
. ,\ MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
. rfLOOP.BJVER.LDNGS.
. . AMUSE3LEXTS.
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harriscn streets.
Oakland vs. Portland
TO-DAY, 2:45 p.m.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. , OAKLAND,'
Tuesday and Saturday ..."... 3 p. m .
Wednesday and Thursday 3:30 p. m.
Friday 10:30 a. m..
Friday' and' Sundcy \:.. .'...:. .....2:30 p. m.
LADIES FREE OX THURSDAT.
- Advanse Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton St.Fichus, stoles and all kinds of collars
are on the. Increase.
Special Information supplied tf&Uy t»
business houses and public mea by t_*
Press Clipping Bureau (AUe&'a). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephoss Mala lltX •
Finest eyeglasses, lie to 50c. 73 4th st,
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House."
Gray shoes or dark blue shoes. laced
with broad white ribbon through big
white eyelets, axe particularly chic, and
lovely shades of violet, gr«n and Rus
sia leather reds art also popular.
Townwnd's California G'.tce traits t_
artistic fire-etched boxes. TlS Market sl*
Pumps in black and colored leathers,
in patent- leather, and in j white buck
skin and canvas are now favored. There
are many new models In strap slippers,
in combination low shoes of white and
tan. gray and white, etc., in patent or
colored leather shoes with .cloth tops in
contrasting color.
ry\ ME. CALVE is as superstitious
f I | as any Voodoolst of the West In-
I ¦ I dies, and she discusses her su
" * perstltlons with all tile serious
ness that real Carmen would discuss
her lover. All who have met the prima
donna this season" have noticed on her
chatelaine a peculiar meerschaum bon
bonniere..
"I always wear this," she exclaimed.
"Now, In England . when anything I
toes wrong in an opera people do not |
hiss. In Spain and Italy, however, the |
slightest defect in the performance •
"Can't help it. A fortune teller in Bo
hemia gave it to me and told me that so
long as I. wore it and kept it crammed
f uU of rose leaves I would never sing
in an opera that would be hissed. Once
In Madrid I lost it." That v^ry night, in
the' first act of 'Carmen* I fainted.
FAMOUS PRIMA DOX.VA "WHO FRANKLY ADMITS THAT SHE 13 ADDICTED
TO SUPERSTITION. AND WHO TAKES PARTICULAR CARE TO WEAR A
PECULIAR MEERSCHAUM BONEONNIERE TO WARD OFF- TROUBLES.
CONFEDERATE YTAR DEBT— L,
M.. Modesto, Cal. Those people in for
eign countries who became creditors
of the Southern Confet=racv were
forced after the war to «:h_rge their
accounts to proSt and loss, as no action
was ever taken looking lowari the
payment of such debts.
MUTUAL SEPARATION— A. O S..
City. A mutual separation between
man and wife, with the positive ander
standins that they will never live to
gether again, is not a divorce and
would not permit either to marry again.
Neither could marry again during the
lifetime of the other without conunit
ins the crime of bigamy.
COINAGE— H. Z.. San Rafa< Cat
For such statistics as you desire in re
lation to United States co'ra;^. duii^j;
any one month, since the establishment
of the Mint, address a letter a! inquiry
to the superintendent of th«? parent
Mint. Philadelphia, or to :hs Director
of the Mint. "Washington. P. C. care
of the Treasury Department.
HANKSHAKING— B. F. G.. City. The
custom of handshaking is most c: m
mon as a method of salutation tmoc;
civilized people. It undoubtedly com^s
from remote barbarism, when two msn,
meet/cg, gave each other the weapon
hand as security against treachery or
sudden attack.
PIONEERS' HOME— A. I. D.. Pratt
ville. Cal. This department has not been
able to learn of any home In California
for the exclusive care of pioneers of
California.
CARTWRIGHT — Subscriber. City.
Peter Cartwright. who was known _s
the Methodist backwoods preacher,
died December 25, 1ST2.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"Again, on a train between Paris and
Cevennes. where I own a farm, I
dropped a hand , mirror, shattered It
Into bits so fine that the porter swore
when he had to pick up the debris.
Now to me that shattered hand mirror
meant certain misfortune. So. obedient
to a still small voice within me. I left
the train at the next station, though
many miles from my destination. X
simply felt that something was going
to happen to that train.
"Surely enough, I was right. An hour
after I left the train it and another
tried to pass on the" same track, and
there was a sinister effacement of pas
sengers.
"So I say— respect your superstitions
and you'll avoid accidents." '
_____ — _ ¦ »
calls forth the most horrible hisses. So
that Spanish audience hissed.
"The incident convinced me that my
little box cf rose leaves was really a
charm, and I offered-- a fabulous sum of
money for its return. It came back, I
kissed it and never since have I fainted
or sung in an opera that gave a chance
to the hissers.
The theatrical season is so near at
hand that the lovely lace waists recent
ly unpacked in the best shops are at
tracting much atetntion. Nothing pret
tier or more appropriate than these
waists has been offered — that is, unless
the esthetic sense eschews the separate
waist altogether. Doubtless that is
what it should do, but the blouse is so
convenient and so well adapted to the
great mass of women who go to the
theater in public cars that nothing
seems to take its place. The lace waist
is esthetically more satisfying than any
othen Almost any tint of lace and al
most any variety Is allowable. All-over
Valenciennes inset with motives of
heavier lace are especially smart. By
contrast with this delicate lace, waists
of heavy filet, such as upholsterers use
in their finest curtains and hanging?,
are seen. One of these was a handsome
garment, the collar and sleeves inset
with motives of old linen embroidery,
and the waist itself finished with a
trlmminjr of hand-made heavy fringe.—
New York Evening Post.
Madame Emma Calve Tells
About Her Superstitions
For bedside wear there are, in addi
tion to the mulls, slippers of softest
kid or buckskin modeled upon the
Turkish slipper, but perfectly made and
finished and conforming to the lines of
the foot. . These are shown in all col
ors, white, light blue. pink, etc., and
are trimmed only by a pompon of silk
matching the kid In color.
The riches of Mayfair are never
more plainly proved than by the jewels
of its women. Tiaras are the rule and
not the exception; every bride expects
at least a couple. But it seems not im
probable that another and lighter form
of diamond headgear will come into
fashion.
The Marchioness of Granby has sev
eral times worn a net of diamonds, the
beautiful Lady Beatrice Pole-Carew
wears a bandeau of brilliants and the
young Duchess of Roxburghe appeared
at a dinner this season with wings of
diamonds in her dark hair.
Diamond shoulder straps are among
the latest modes. They have . been
adopted by Princess Henry of Pless,
the Duchess of Marlborough and the
Hon. Mrs. Ivor Guest. Mrs. Ivor Guest
ha? worn as a charming substitute for
the orthodox tiara a pair of diamond
leave?, the tips. of the leaves meeting
above 'her brow.
Colored stones seem rapidly increas
ing In popular favor. Rubies, emeralds,
sapphires and even amethysts have
been greatly to the fore during the past
six months. In this we are uncon
sciously imitating the court of St. Pe
tersburg, as the women of the Russian
aristocracy are far more noted for their
colored stones than for th?ir pearls and
diamonds.
The Duchess Marie of Saxe-Coburg
Gotha possesses some of the finest ru
bies in the world. Among other owners
of splendid rubies arc the Countess of
Dudley; the Countess of Stradbroke,
Mrs. Bradley Martin. Mrs. Arthur
James and Lady Wini borne, who often
wears a famous single stone of great
value, known as the Hope ruby.
The finest single diamonds known to
the world of Mayfair society are the
"Star of South Africa." which belongs
to the Countess of Dudley, a great dia
mond called the "Neska," worn by the
Duchess of Westminster, and the
"Portland" diamond, a big, ' square,
stone, worth £10,000, which now shines
in the all-round crown of the Duchess
of Portland.— London Express.
RARE JEWELS WORN
BY SOCIETY WOMEN
OF GREAT BRITAIN
LACE WAISTS WILL
BE POPULAR FOR
THEATER WEAR
WHILE San Francisco views a certainty that the present water
supply will not be sufficient for the future demands of this
city, the city of Los Anjjeles has a more acute and imminent
water trouble to lace. A proposition to brinjj an injunction suit
against the land-owners of the San Fernando Valley and surround
ing water^ied. an area aggregating: about rive hundred square miles,
is one of the moves ihat has grown out of a local appreciation of the
Mjuthern emergency.
Los Angeles claims title to all the water of the Los Angeles
River, surface and underground, under the terms of an old Spanish
law. As defined by the Los Angeles Times, this does not actually
give Los Angeles the ownership of, the water, but only the control
thereof. While the courts would undoubtedly determine, as the
result of le^al proceedings, just what the position of Los Angeles is
in relation to the water, the Los Angeles Times raises the question
whether it is wise to-proeecd in the injunction matter.
As it is reasoned out. horticulture is the most important of the
resources of Southern California, and it has brought the majority
of people as residents to that section. The Times savs that it
has caused the city of Los Angeles to increase in population from
10.000 to 150.000 in twenty-five years. Of the $100,000,000 worth
of products to be credited to the seven southern counties in 1903 at
feast S50.000.000 represents the horticultural output. Therefore, to
enjoin the horticulturists in the country surrounding Los Angeles
from using the water that makes cultivation of fruits possible is
termed "killing the goose that lays the golden eggs."
The fact in plain view is that Los Angeles needs more water for
its own uses. If it shall surrender its claim to all the water of the
Los Angeles River, or fail to have the right legally determined, it
mast take some step to procure the required supply in some other
direction. The alternative is to bring in water- from the mountains.
even, so says the Times, "if we have to pipe it one hundred miles."
A large reservoir system has been constructed by private capital in
the San Den:arrf:no Mountains. Kern County has great values in
water that may be used. One suggestion is an issue of bonds to '
provide money to bring in water from a distance. 7*1
San Francisco, it will be observed, is not the only. California
city that has a water problem on hand. Municipal growth and
municipal health are insecure unless there is sufficient water avail
able to meet all wants — hygienic, mechanical, for protection against
rire. for drinking and for irrigation. Xo doubt Los- Angeles and San
Francisco will, alike, provide a proper solution for the questions that
confront them. It is interesting that the same sort of problem is
encountered by the two chief cities of California at the same time.
The dressmakers of Paris, in. high conference assembled, re
cently decreed that to protect themselves from being pirated by
American rivals they would keep their styles a secret until the very
day of a new season's opening. Though the obtuse masculine mind
may not comprehend, there is really more here than meets the eye.
What a fruitful source of teapot tempests is the stealing of a new
style fair woman only knows. *
?
In the "agony column" of a New York paper there recently ap
peared an item to the effect that a French gentleman of title would
like to make the acquaintance of an American lady of means; object,
matrimony. What a delicate sentiment on the part of the French
£ enUeman ! English noblemen have a way of waiting for the Ameri
can heiress to advertise herself, but then the French are ever mas
ters of the world in good form, you know.
WATER NORTH AND SOUTH.
What Happened.
Mary had a little lamb
With fleece as white as snow;
The rest of all the tragedy
Perhap3 you may not know.
It followed her to school one day.
According to the book;
Alas, the school where Mary went
They taught her how to cook!
—Lippincott's.
Xot a Loan.
A little girl went timidly into a Fifth
(street store the other morning and
asked the clerk how many shoestrings
she could get for 5 cents.
"How long do you want them?" he
asked.
"I want them to keep," was her an
swer, in a tone of slight surprise.—Cin
cinnati Commercial Tribune.
Our Social Distinctions.
"But." said the foreigner, "you hare
nothing here to exhibit yotlr social dis
tinctions. You all herd together every
where. Tour upper and lower classes
are on the same footing."
"You're mistaken. We have sanitari
ums and lunatic asylums."—Chicago
Record-Herald.
Fitness of Thins*.
"I suppose," remarked the friend of
the newly created husband, "the usual
shower of rice fell as you entered the
carriage?"
"No, it rained beans." replied the
happy benedict. "I married a Boston
girl, you know." —Chicago .News.
Elizabethan Repartee.
Sir Walter had Just flung his cloak
over the 'puddle.
"I see." murmured Queen Elizabeth,
"that you will have your little fling."
"Even so, madam." he replied- "1
have saved you from putting your foot
in it."
His Forte.
Doctor—You owe me «r bill of $50.
Slowpay—Well. If I had a Job I might
pay you. Can't you give me a Job?
Doctor—What kind of a Job could I
give you?
Slowpay—Well, you might give me
the Job of collecting the bill.—Puck.
ALL ABOUT A HATPIN.
Oh, Reginald Van Buren lived
A very happy life.
Until one day a gift he bought
And gave it to his wife.
The gift was just a hatpin, but
The head was an odd tint.
A sort of brown enamel with
A lovely reddish glint.
Was Reggie's wife delighted? Well.
Delighted! —she was that!
She cried. "To match this hatpin, why.
I'll have to have a hat!"
She got a hat to match the pin;
To match the hat. a veil:
And now we are but started on
This very thrilling tale.
To match the veil she got son? gloves;
To match the gloves a purse;
And from that moment, really.
Things went from bad to worse.
To match the purse she got a skirt;
To match the skirt a waist;
To match the waist she got a cloak.
All chosen with good taste.
To match the hatpin, then she bought
Innumerable things.
From lingerie to things you see.
From shoestrings up to rings.
To match this toilette all complete
The parlor was arranged;
To match the parlor, next the house
From basement up was changed.
'..i--.. '..><!¦> c-.-.v.
But when this transformation scene
Was finished and complete.
The dear dame thought the dwelling
place
"Was better than the street.
And so she found a street to match
Her dwelling and her gown;
And then. "Alas, alack!" she cried.
•The street don't match the town!"
Poor Reginald Van Buren stormed.
While Mrs. Reggie cried;
She got hysterics, got quite 111.
And pined away and died. -
L'Envoi.
So. husbands, now take warning all.
Unless you'd live In strife.
Give any mortal present but
A hatpin to your wife.
—Ltppincott'—
TRADE conditions last week were irregular and unsettled. Some
lines showed a slight expansion, others contraction. The gen
eral result, as exhibited by the bank clearings, was a gain of
8.9 per cent over the corresponding week in 1903. with the gains and
losses about equally distributed among the dozen largest cities.
The failures were 222, against 181 for the same week last year, and
those during August were more numerous than during July, while
the liabilities were larger than for the corresponding month in 1903.
Against this unfavorable exhibit of failures, however, were increased
railway earnings, the gain in August being, 1 .4 per cent over August,
KJO3- This is a very small gain, but it is better than a loss of 6 or 8
per cent, which ruled for some months, as it shows an increase
of about 8 per cent in railway business over the spring and early
summer months.
The foreign commerce at Xcw York last week was smaller than
a year ago, the exports decreasing $307,000 and the imports $905,
000. The customs receipts fell off S3.0G0.000 in August.
The above are the statistics of the situation. The apparent facts
on the surface, as viewed by the eye. show no material change from
the conditions of the past month or two. The condition of the crops
continues the overshadowing factor, and it is satisfactory as a rule.
Xo further damage has been sustained by the wheat crop, while
the corn and cotton crops are full of promise. The Government re
port for September 1 places the condition of the cotton crop at 84.1,
as compared with 01 .0 for July and 81.2 for September 1. 1903.
These figures indicate that the cotton yield may exceed the pre
vious records of 1 1,2.25.000 bales produced in 1S97 and 1898, as the
acreage is 10 per cent larger than in either of those years, while the
crop condition is 5 points better. There has been some deterioration
since August 25. the date of the compilation, however, which must
be taken into consideration. But on the whole the crop conditions
of the cdimtry arc very good, and financial and commercial circles
are anticipating a fair trade for the coming year in consequence.
As every day now places the three or four great crops of
the country just so much more out of danger, confidence in the
future is beginning to manifest itself in a corresponding degree.
Buyers of general merchandise are still cautious and disposed to
confine the major part of their purchases to supplying their actual
spot necessities, but they are beginning to place larger orders for dis
tant deliveries, which is a sign of increasing confidence. Thus, in
the case of dry goods, stocks have been reduced below the normal,
and fall shipments are showing some expansion. Wool is generally
firm throughout the country, and operators are generally of the
opinion that stocks will bring full* prices. t>ut California buyers,
who have lately been purchasing freely, have withdrawn from tke
field, being deterred from further purchasing at present by the high
prices demanded by the wool growers. The hide markets are quiet.
< Iroccries arc reported in fair movement almost everywhere. The
lumber trade is reported gradually working into' better condition,
though the improvement is slow, and is partially caused by the
cutting down of production, which is not a good sign.
The labor situation is not as settled as could be desired. The
meat strike in the West is still a disturbing factor there, and in New
York there is a complication in the building trades which tends to
unsettle matters.
The situation in Wall street is showing more tone. A good deal
of the idle money which has lately attracted so much attention is
now taking the dividend-paying stocks, and the public is slowly re
turning to the market, which is causing a gradual advance all along
the line. This may explain the increase of 16.8 per cent in the
bank clearings of the metropolis during the past week. The senti
ment in Wall street has become decidedly optimistic and bullish of
late, and there is more disposition to invest in standard stocks than
for some time. London has become more interested in American
securities, and large orders have also been received from several
foreign countries! Altogether, the tone of the national stock market !
is healthier than for some time past.
Conditions on the Pacific Coast remain about as before stated.
The crops, while rather below early expectations, are generally turn- j
ing out very well, and as prices for wheat, barley, oajs. wool, hops, <
potatoes, hay. butter and eggs, and in brief almost everything pro- '•
duced on the farm, are above the normal, there is nothing now in !
sight to indicate anything else than another year of prosperity.
MORE TRADE CONFIDENCE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN" D. 61'UECKELS Proprietor
A»DKESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO ' i,* '
JOI1X McXAUGIIT '•. Manager
PfPUCATlOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
Monday September" s. 190*
_ . _ - , ¦ - - - ,..-¦-." ¦ i ¦ ¦¦_ .-¦ .¦•¦»-¦;¦..¦>-¦---.-,'-,-¦¦¦¦¦..•¦¦-.'_. i ' ¦< .. psi ¦ .- ¦
THE SAN': -FRANCISCO: CALL, MONDAY-.'- SEPTEMBER .5,- 1904.
SMILES.
6
THE WORST BLOW YET.
DAVID, B. — // / had thought it would affect you so, I would have postponed it until after election.
COPYRIGHT. ISO*. BT SPECIAL ARKANOEMEXT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. AND THE NEW TORK EVENING MAIL.; Wiiliam McGreevey and a compan
ion' ordered a; broiled chicken for their
breakfast in^ John Had jista's Greek
restaurant at 1 2 6 Ninth street yester
day moaning. After disposing of the
bird, . with" other eatables^ they de
clined to pay the waiter. This breach
of honesty led to a fight in which Mc-
Greevey, broke;a show window,- .for
which' offense/ he - was arrested and
charged with malicious mischief and
cheating a restaurant; proprietor. In
the:. scuffle ; ho received a deep cut on
the side of his head from broken glass.
This was at ; the Central j Emer
gency Hospital, -after '.which* he went
to jail. His companion made' good
his.escape^ ,-'
Refused: to Pay for Breakfast.
That portion of -the Smith family
that comprise the crew of the scow
schooner. Westport,'- lying' In Mission
Bay, engaged in an all round 1 rumpus
yesterday morning. The trouble re
sulted in Carl Smith 'firing three shot3
from a pistol at the mate. John.Smith,
while Captain Smith ¦-, tried to: prevent
murder. The cook was. arrested and
charged with assault with intent to
commit murder. |
Smith Family Engaged in Fight.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 4, 5 p. m.
THK COAST RECORD.
i illi i= ii I
ETATIO.VS. :j ill? g% =•" S
: g I \ i S
. !;C . <• .. *:< ; .. ' -,:,•;;'-'
Raker 20.S6 ES 46 NE Cloudy 00
j Carfon 23.00 RS 52 W I't.CTdy .'oo
i F.ureka 3U.04 54 50 NW ' Cloudy 0O
: Tr^Fno CO. SO 104" 66 NW Clear "oo
• S. E. Faralln.2».t>» £>.% 50 NW Fokrv 'oo
j Flagstaff 5».©4 74 42 E Clear Ul
1 Pocatelio 30. CO hi 4S fiV/ Clear 00
j Independence, it). 90 02 «rt SK Pt.CIdv *00
; Los Angeles ..29.S4 00 66 SW Pt.CIdv .00 !
| Mt.Tamaloa's tt«.96 00 SO NW Clear ¦ uo
i North Head . ..T0.00 «?2 CO NW Clear *00 I
! Phoenix 'JO.m 82 7» SE clear 'ca i
Pt.P.ejes L.'ht.SJ.Ul TiS 4K NW Fogey <1O !
i Portland f9.3C $^ 56 W Clear "oo
' Red B!uff ....2U.S2 104 CS SE Clear 'co I
! Roseburs ....29.!>6 i»S r,0 ne Hear .00
; Sarramtnto . ,t!9.S4.flG 60 S Clear 00
| Salt I.aks 28. OS S4 . . NW Clear !«0
Kan Francisco.'-^. 00 64 M W Clear «X> '
• Kan L.. Obispo.rf.RS S6 50 NW Clear 'oo i
; Kan Diegc ...29.S2 8« 6S XV Clear 00 i
| Seattle 30.02 «0 RO W Pt.CIdy 00'
¦ t?pokar.« 20. »4 00 48 - RW Clear. .(Vt j
! Tatcosh 30. OH 56 50 SW Clear .<*•
! Walla Walla.. 29. W> fti B« S Clear CO 1
j Wlnnemucca 42
j Yu»a 29.82 9G 70 XE Clear' lie
! WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
Generally fair weather prevails over the Pa
. cine slope, with fcg off the Central and North
¦ em CalifcriiJa coast.
The pressure has fallen over the Interior and
: ri!»en alons the coatt.
The temperature h»« remained nearly sta
tionary in all districts. Alor.sr the immediate
coast from San Francisco northward the tem
perature is t- lightly below the normal, while
throughout the Interior of California Oregon
Watfliingtsn and liiuho »t is from ten to fifteen
de»rrees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight September 5: -
Northern California— Fair Monday,, except
fo* along the coast In the morning;, fresh west
erly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
wert wind.
Nevada— Fair Mcndsy.
fian Francisco end vicinity — Fair Monday,
except fogrey In the morning and at night; j
fresh writ wind. - . ?--•-- \
Los Ansel?*— Fair Monday; light west wind.!
Frpuno «r.d vicinity — Fair, continued warm,!
Monday; Us lit northwest wind. i
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Monday; 'con- !
tlnued warm; lichfsoutbcrly wind.- .. j
San Diego and viclnlt> — Fair Monday; cooler '
Monday^ evenimr: light northwest wind. I
San Jijsoandi vicinity— Fair Monday; con
tinued warm: llrht west wind. •" ." ,
G. H. W1LLSON. Local Forecaster. '•
Strangers are possibly not aware that
San Francisco is the most important fur
center, and that mostly all the entire
collection of Alaska skins reach this
port before being: distributed to other
parts of the United States and Europe.
We therefore cordially welcome those
who would like to visit a rare collection
of furs and line specimens of skins, such
es we are now exhibiting at the St. Louis
Ilxpositlon. It would be well worth your
while to pay a visit to the largest exclu
sive fur house in tho world.
H. LIEBES <fc COMPANY, Incorporated,
•133-135-137 Post Street,
San Francisco, California. •
Invitation to Strangei^.
Itc.i'ii £:.v«-s Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tin'* n4 Hriyht of lllgrh and Low Waters
«t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. P^biiiLcd by official authority of the
f-aperiBter.iJtnT.
_ NOTE— Thf hijisli and low watert occur al
Oil city Ircui <:.::.-<• or.- s;r"« t «r.h?^f) about 2t
rcinute* *aier thac at Fort Point; the height
<_>• tide j r the tarr-e at both places.
MONDAY. SEPXEMBER 3.
Sun rL-c* 5-4->
Hun i^ets '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.".'" «¦¦;%
Moon ri.-c-t '. ..-;.-'¦' 'o*;4a* a. in.
7 ,!TlaieJ 'Tim^- 1 i Time I mint
- , 1 Fl i , p, | , pj^ , r pj
? tl. Wj |H jt\"| |L Wj jH W
B j 3:ij 0.2i S:^tl 4.1J 1:1SJ 2.7l"iT^5 54
« I 2:1.'.' tt.ai »:K 4.5J 2:17 2.5 8:22 5.5
~ ! 2:01 — 0.2i :;:57i «.«f a:12 2.2! »:22 5.7
i 3:.V<!~0.3;Hj:37J 5.2j 4:00 1.7|10:lC! 8.7
JM 4:313;— 0.l|ll ;15 ; 3.4| 4:501 lLSixi:12| B.«
NOTE— Ir. \\ir above rxposilion of the tid-*
tl» cai!> rr.crttn« tides «r« g-iven In the left
rana <_o!ujr;n and the sut-ceKEive tides of th*
¦iev ;n the orrt. :¦ of occurrence as to tlir.e: the
fourth tit.i» c.lumn the last tid» of the
KoqA wbf n there arc but three Udea as
w!Wia« occurs. The heights pjven are in
addition ti> the eoundtntfe of the United S:aUs
*.cE.tt BWMLf Charts, except when a minus < — )
ticn pitoetfe* the height, and then the -number
riven it subtracted frcm the depth given by
th« chart*. Th« i»l«n* of reference U the mean
of the lower low nawis.
fiteair.tr. Destination. j Sa.Un.
Humboldt i Sksmvay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
larallon...'. . J Skajrway & Way Ports. ISept. «;
Karalion I Ekagway & Way Port.. ISept. 6
Orepon .Nome & St Michael. 'Sept. 8
iJirigo j Kkarway & Way PorU.;SepL 3
Prrtha ! Cooka Inlet & Way Pte Sept. IO
Tacma I Norr.p & N. B. Slberia.JSept. 12
City Tf-pekn . . | Fkagway A Way Ports. 'S?pt. 14
Santa Ant.. ¦ I Scidovia £ Way Port*. [Sept. 16
Sun. Moon and Tide.
1T.OM SEATTLE.
Some boys were playing baseball in
a vacant lot at Eighth and Howard
streets yesterday morning and two of
them, James Lycette and Elmer Peter
son, stumbled over the body of an in
fant. II was covered with a piece of
black cloth. - <The body was taken to
the Morgue. An autopsy by -Dr. Baci
galupi showed that death was due *to
natural causes. It was a female
baby, about 10 days. old. .Detective
Armstrong will endeavor to find the
parents. .
Boys Fintl Infant's Body.
The purpose is to show the appre
ciation of California of the compli
ment bestowed. 'in taking from the
State a member of the President's
Cabinet. Prominent speakers will be
present. ,.';y<^ : ,-
Responses to Invitations have been
received to some; extent. The execu
tive cbmmittee'express a desire to have
prompt answers from all who huve
been asked' to attend. The executive
committee consists of A. Sbarboro. A.
A. Walking, Frank' J. * Symmes, Wil
liam , Babcock, X. P. Chipman and
George A. Newhni!. L. M. King: is
the secretary.
Three*n~undred guests are expected
to be present ' at the banquet to be
given by the commercial organisations
of San Francisco ; to Secretary Victor
H. Metcalf of the Department of
Commerce and Labor, at th? Hot?lSt.
Francis on the" evening of September
21. • , . ¦. -
Greeiinjr to Secretary Victor II. Met
cnif by. Commercial Botlles
¦ to Be l'4ii'gcly Attemletl.
KATKCT THREE HUXDREI)
GUESTS AT- THE BAXQUET
George Monnier, a retired whole
sale liquor merchant, died yesterday
at the age of 66 years. The deceased
leaves '*¦ wife and one son. The buri
al will take place from his late resi
dence at 2316, Folsom street Wednes
day morning.
Retired Merchant Dies.
Steamer, j Destination. J Sails. Pier.
September 5. |
Homer | Co-v? B. & Pt. OrfdilO am Pier 13
Ne»burc..-j Grays Harbor j 4 pm|Pier 10
Elirabeth.. ¦ Coqullle River t 5 pmJPier 20
Jeacie : Prattle & Tacoma.! 5 pm Pier
Northland..' Aftoria ft Portland! 5 pmlpier -7 !
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.;10 amjPier 16 I
t : . Rosa I Pun liiesio & Way. I 3 am|Pier 11 ]
Corona Hutnboldt !l:30piPier 9 1
Colombia., i Astoria & Portland'll amlPler 2*
Bonit* i Newport & Way... I 9 *mjPier 11
K. Barbara. Ixif Angeles Ports.] 1 pmlPicx 2
P.Monica.. '3iayp Harbor !lO amIPUr 2
Eureka Huralxjiit '12 m; Pier 13
la<jaa : liurr.boldt | » amiPier 2
September 6. ' |
Cfceha'.is- -- i <Jrays Harbor | 1 pmiPier 2
September 7. j
>atrca ; T^oi" Ansreles Ports.110 am;Pier 2
Pcmcna. . . . ' Humboldt «l ::jo p'Pier 9
Curacao • Mexican Ports fl^amjpier 11
'Jut-en | PiiKCt Sound Port»,ll am! Pier S
Arctic : Humbo!dt 1 9 ampler 2
San Pe<!ro. .j Humboldt flO am!Pier 2 %
September 8. 1 j
Breakwater r Coos Bay direct [ 5 pmjPier 8
Pc,tiO ; Pt. Arrna & Albion 6 pmiPier 2
Ftate of Calj San Diego & Way.| » ara'Pler U
Cocs Eay.--; San Pedro & Way.! 9 am! Pier 11
Sierra ! Pydney & Way. ..! 2 pmiPier 7
Coptic. i... j China & Japan 1 pm'Pier 10
Arsro- --1-- -i F>! Riv»-r Ports...' 4 pmiPier 2
Montara... j Seattle Direct I 2 pmjPier 11
ITedoudo . . • j Astoria & Portland! 6 pmiPiej- 2
September 9. I i ¦
O. tV. Elder Astoria tz 1'ortlandfll am Pi. r 21
I September 10. j
Aurclia | Astoria i- Portland' 5 pm'pier 27
Acapulco.. N. T. via Ancon. !12 m|Pitr 40
Pt. Arena.. Piint Ar^na < 4 pmlPier 2 1
j September 12. !
City PueWaj Pugft tiouafi Ports. Ill am'Pier 9 i
C<nter.n!al. ' Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pmiPier 20 I
! September 14. | j
llarlr-osa... ¦ Tahiti direct j 11 am Pier 7 '¦
September 15. | A
P.aini'-r | Peattle i: Bellnjjhm! 4 pm.Pier 20
TO SAIL..
•An- unknown man committed sui
cide vat" the Ne.w Atlanta House, "624
Pacific street. The initials 'T. J."
found An', the hat of the dead man are
the only clew to his identity. In his
coat pocket was found an empty bot
tie that had contained carbolic acid.
A purse, empty, and a storage check
receipt numbered 929, issued by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
were found on the dead body. The
deceased was about 45 years of age
and had the appearance of being a
working man. probably a sailor.' He
was dressed neatly.
Unknown. Man Toikcs His Life.
C. G. MacBride, a cattleman of San
Jose, and his wife, 'arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
D. W. Kirkland, manager of a big
drug firm of Los Angeles, is registered
at the St. Francis. .
H. H. Clark, .who is prominently
identified with mining in Goldflelds,
Nevada, is at the Palace.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck and
wife are down from Sacramento and
are registered at the Occidental.
; : George S. Gibbons of London, who
has been visiting the St. Louis Exposi
tion and is now making a tour of the
Pacific Coast, registered yesterday at
; the St. Francis. ' ¦
R. H. Herron, 'who is interested in
various oil enterprises. in the south, is
up from Los Angeles, attending the
Knights Templar Conclave and is stay
ing at the St. Fraqci.5. . ;
G. A. Parkyns,*-- assistant general
freight and -"passenger -agent" of the
Southern Pacific Cbrnpany .at" Los An
geles, is here on railroad business and
is staying at the St«' Francis.,
J. W. McKinley, one of Los Angeles'
leading lawyers, and his wife, ara at
the Palace.
F. K. Rugg of Chicago, who is in
terested-in mines at Tonopah, is at the
Occidental.
L. C. 'Blades, a young banker of
North Carolina, is a guest at the St.
Francis. •
Dr. F. M. Urbarn of Vienna was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Oc
cidental. . -
Dr. Theodore Beer of Eureka , is at
the St. Francis, j ~. .^.
Dr. William' F. Elmendorfof^ Buf
falo is at the Palace. '
Janies' McNeil, a capitalist -of Santa
Cruzfis the St. Francis. .. y
pr. ;;M % .E. Grossman; of Honolulu
is registered at, the Palacei*' : , ,"¦;*•>%'
. F*r4 nk Qarr, a^-^lijtnown -coining"
man of Trinity* Coubty.^s ftt.th'd Tlu^
. Dr. George Henderson, a'< lumber
man of Eureka, is at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
Pteamer. From. J Dn«.
Cfcac Ntison. Pan Pedro !?*pt. 5
Titan'a '. Nanaimo .. : S<"pt. 3
Arctic ' Humboldt jSrpt. Bj
\V. Kruger. . . Humboldt jSept. 5;
'Articrti-io ! Portland ft Astoria iScnt. 5 j
5. Barbara.... i Grays Harbor ISept. 5 j
<:r"ha!is San Pedro 'Sept. 5
6. M'-r.ica. . Pan Pedro 'Sept. 5
PstnSBB Humboldt 'Sept. 5
£t2»e of Ca!..! San Diego & Way Pts.iSept. & j
<".<;c B*y Kan P«-dro & Way Pts.jSept. 5
<• W. Elder-.] Portland & Aetoria lS*pt. 5
3'ci Norte '_ Crescent City {Sept. 9
r4»>~kinaw — J Tacoma Sept. 6
Pomo ; Point Are na & Albion . . [Sept. 8
IXartpOM ¦¦ Tahiti 'Sept. 6
BrMkwmter.Zj.Goea Bay ISept. 6
Argo , Kc\ River Ports [Sept. 7
Karmccn'a. . •! New Ynrk viA Anccn..|Sejit. 7
Centrr.r.ial. .. Seattle & Tacoma ISept. 7
Aurtlla , Portland & .Astoria, tS«-pt. 7
Corcna Humboldt !Sept. 8
'¦":tv I'urbla. . I PurPt Sound Ports. |Sept. 8
F«nta Ros«.. Pan IJioso & Way Pt?. Sept. 8 I
Point Aren».. Mrndocino & Pt Arena ! Sept. 8 '
Eureka \ Huir.boldt iSept. 8 i
RslMer Prattle & Bellinpham. ISept. 9J
Abydos ' Hamburg &. Wi; Ports. jSeyt. » i
Bonita ! Newport & Way Portu. : Sep«. 9
North Fork. . j Humboldt ISept. 10
N*vadan j Honolulu & Kahului. .JSept. 11
f'-.'.umb'.a ¦ Portland & Astoria ISept. 11
Hathor Seattle (Sept. 11 |
T»i«n I New York iSept. 11
Kor'-a j China & Japan 'Sept. 12
Alarnpfla | Honolulu 'Sept. 13
DmattUa J Pugft Sound Port* ' Sept. 13 i
P*ru i New York via Ancon. . 'Sept. 15
Reports of the different societies
show excellent progress during
the last year, with large gains in mem
bership. The St. Francis Young Men's
Society of St. Anthony's was proposed
for membership and accepted.
Pontifical requiem high mass will be
celebrated at St. Anthony's this morn
ing at 9 o'clock by Archbishop Mont
gomery. The delegates will be in ses
sion at the hall during the day, and a
public meeting will be held at 8 p. m.
The convention will adjourn to-morrow
evening.
Committee on press ¦ and printing— Joseph
Becker, Adolph Schimmel. .Charles Ruppert,
Anton Infanger, F. X. Burhaus. -
At the afternoon session, after the
opening address by Father Raphael
Fuhr, president of the day, an impres
sive sermon was delivered by. Archbish
op Montgomery. An address wa3 also
made to the delegates by George
Buecher, president of the State asso
ciation. Other addresses were made by
Dr. A. Eichler on "The Dutjes of Ger
man Catholics," by Simon Peisel on
"The Catholics in Business," by Father
Oswald Miller on "Socialism" and by
Father M. Wallrath on "Defects in Our
Modern Education." '
The following committees were apr
pointed: •
Committee on credentials — Charles P. Conrad,
August Wagele. L. Ganshirt, P. Schulte.
Committee on resolutions — Rev. P. Raphael
Fuhr. Rev. P. W. ilelchers, August Vetter,
Bernhard Bette, Simon Piesel. . . .
Committee on finance — Julius Wrede, Robert
Frost. Daniel Busch, Joseph Partraann, Nick
de Canv.
Committee ¦ on constitution — F*> B. Schoer-
Ftcln, Henry Eckart, Charles' Fischer, ..Joseph
fc'cheid, Peter Covens. •,-'•. • /
I .am sorry that J' could not deliver the
eijJening. address, but I was well pleased witfi
the. scntinwnts expressed in such an eloquent
marin>r «t- my request by the reverend
speaker. I can only repeat which the father
has said of tile desire for a greater religious
unity of the Cf-rman people, and I pray to Al
mighty Gcd that he may -bless those words
and that they may bring fruit. See what has
already been accomplished. You came from
all portion* of this State. You differ in your
ideas and politics, on business and other mat
ters, but you are united. on the one Important
thing of building up your religion nnd the
kingdom of God. It is a consoling sight to mu
to see theee men gathered here to deliberate
only in matters of the soul. Be always united
in the great family of God and help to build
up the churches.
The German Catholic Staats Ver
band, comprising all the societies of
California, began its three-day conven
tion at St. Anthony's- Church yesterday
afternoon. The fifty delegates had at
tended high mass at the church in the
morning. The Rev. P. Thomas, O. S.
B., of Mount Angel, Or., was the cele
brant. After a cordial greeting, and
sermon by the . Rev/. P. Raphael Fuhr,
an address, was delivered by-Archbish
op Riordari, in' substance as fqllo.ws:^ ;
State Societies Meet
in Their Annual
Convention.
The f.famer Nrv.fcurir, which went ashore
Fst'ircay nipht n<-«r Fort Point, got oft yester
<2»y inominc wlihout assistance. She sus
!ji-,.-j r.<> damage ani was able to proceed on
ber .way to Oi-a;>e Herbor.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
Ncwbiirz Not Damaged.
.'At one time decedent was pastor of
the •Woodbridgre 'Presbyterian Churdh
at "Capp and "Twentieth streets. For
many ; y<iaj33 he. had- "devoted his time
.ancC. energies ;;U.o ."* philanthropic work
and was. a;; familiar figxire at the jails.
. Rev. James W. Woodworth „ was
found 1 dead at his residence at 125
L.exjngtph 'avenue shortly after mid
night.. Saturday and the body was
!removed to the Morgue. It was
later taken to the establishment of an
undertaker..- J"Jo. inquest will be held.
DeeGdent'^.aS.'about 75 years of age.
He had been- ailing- for a long time
from heart-trouble and was attended
by Dr.' 'Henry Gibbons. Joseph Nor
ton, a* next door neighbor, knowing
that the aged minister was alone in
the house, happened to look through
a window before retiring and saw him
stretched out on a lounge. There was
something in the pose of the figure
that alurmed Norton and he entered
the- house. He found that life had
iied. : . . ...._;. ;.
Rev. James XV. Woodworth Found
• Dead on a Lounse by Joseph
Norton, a Ncijrhbor.
OFFICERS OF THE GERMAN
CATHOLIC UNION. IN SESSION
AT ST. ANTHONY'S CHURCH.
AGED MINISTER EXPIRES
. WHIIiE ALONE IN HOUSE
WEATHER i RETORT.
Sunday. Bapt 4.'
Ktmr Xatlcna: City. Hammer. IS Ticnrs Xrorn
Union KwndinB. - . ,,._,"•
Stmr Spokane, Thomas, 3 f!ays from'-teattle.
Stmr M'hittier. Dicks on, 46 hour% from Co
lumbia River
Stinr Despatch. Leviniop. S3 hours from
Everett; bound for San Pedro; put in for fuel.
Br ship Marlborough Hill. Jones. 2<E! days
from 3>lth via N'ew^asile. Eng. 166 days.
Brig TV G Irwin, MopII, 11 days from Roche
Harbor via Tort Williams 10 days.
Fchr ' I.iszie Vance. Tietjen. 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, ft hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Letitla, Anderson. 10 days from Grays
Harbc^r. . . .. , . ,
Schr San Buenaventura. Lenibke, B days
from Willapa Harbor.
SAILED. ;\ ¦¦.:':>
Sunday, Sept 4,
Ftmr Corona, Giekjw, Eareka.- • • •¦ •
Stmr Alcatraz. Anderson Point Arena.
Stmr Chas Nelson Iverson, Eureka.
Stmr Cipsy. Inland. Santa Cru«.
Stmr North Fork.' Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia Johnson Bowcns Landing.
Ptmr %Yestport. Smith. Westf>ort.
Schr Newark Keinertsen. Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Eept 4. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S\V; velocity six mil's per hour.
SPOKEN, .
Per Br ehip Marlborourh Hill, Aug 13— Lat
25 20 N. long 131 OR W. Fr bark Duplelx,
from Shields, for Portland; Ore.
July i»— l^at 7 19 N. long 113 20 W. Br bark
Arrow, from Hongkong, for Taltal.
Jane 4— Let 69 10 S. long t>3 21 W, Fr bark
Nord, from Taltal. for Dunkirk, r-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco; ship ..Gov Robi». for Del
agoa Bay. - ¦ ¦¦ :
PORT 1X3S ANGELES— Arrived Sept '4—
Stmr Jas S Higgins, from San Pedro; »tmr
Coronado irom Santa Barbara.
S«iled Sept 4— Stmr Jas S Higgins, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 4— Stmr Cen
tennial, from Seatttl*. Tor San Francisco.
Passed in Sept 4 — Schr Bainbridge, from
Rcdondo for Port Blakeley.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 5. 2 a m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for £an Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Ida Mc-
Kay hence Aug 27"; etmr Aberdeeen, hence
Sept 3.
Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Woollahra, for Launceston:
stmr Navarro. for San Francisco: ftmr W H
Kruger. fo r San Francisco; S'.hr O M Kellogg,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 4 — Schr Andy Ma
honc-y. for San Pedro.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Ad
miral, hence Aug 20: schr Irene, from Tacoma.
PORT BLAKELET— Saileij Sept \— Ship
Mary L Cushing. for Australia.
Arrived Sept 4 — Schr J W Cli»e, from San
Pedro.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Furne*
sia. from Glasgow; stmr Hellloglav, from Co
penhagen, etc.
NEW TORK — Arrived Sept 4 — Stmr Ryn
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Victorian, from
Liverpool.
ST MICHAELS — Arrived Eept 4— Stmr
Syrian Prince, from New York, for Naples
and Palermo.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool, for New York.
DOVER— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Patricia.,
from Hamburg, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Sept 4— Stmr
Grosser Kurfurrt. from Bremen, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL, — Arrrived Sept 4— Stmr Arabic,
frcm New Ycrk. ¦;,;
AKHIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Mi^ar \>fseLs From Honolulu.
Th« haxkentine P. N". tfestle arrived ye»ter
riey. thlrt>--thre« days from Honolulu. The
i nrk Olympic, which arrived Saturday nigh'.,
tlso frem Honolulu, was thirty -four days
ir.altinie th« trtp. Both vese*-l» encountered
i.ght winfi«. *
Tfc* *choon«r V.'. l-\ Jetvett. which left h<re
h*rsrmber 2 for Grays Harbor, drifted back to
port >e«ttnloy anU when picke«i up by a
tuc cat inside the fort. S!-.e was
¦-"<i to Fc* atain and will mak» enuthc-r
effort to eail away.
Drifts Back to Port.
rar-r-ie tr-mnsferred to ar.d frcm all trains,
ctestccts. etc., at lew ratrs. One trunk um
fcl« trip) ZS cents; round lr;s> 5u cents. Morton
t-reclal Delivery. SUM Tay|..r st.. <K>0 Market
Et.. Oakland Terry Dir&l- l*hon» Exehanse 4«*
Notice to Passengers.
The young, m.an .who, measures his services
by the pay he . receives will never »te his
name on the letterhead of the concern.
Secretary of the Treasury Leslie M.
Shaw addressed the members of the
Young Men's Christian Association
first at their hall on Mason street in
the afternoon and at Grace. Methodist
Church, at the corner of Twenty-first
and Capp streets, in the evening. The
Secretary's remarks were on the sub
ject of a young man's work and how to
do it if he would succeed in life. The
speaker said in part:
I presume most young men are exercised
more or lc?s over the choice of a position, a
profession or an occupation. It makes no
difference what a man does, providing he has
aptitude sufficient to enable him to do the
work better than it is being done. I know ot
a ehief cook in a big hotel receiving a salary
cf $10,000 a years and I know of another who
gets $'Jo a month. I have sampled the product
of both, and I think the $25 man ia overpaid.
A business man in this city yesterday told me
that men worth S1S00 and (2000 a year were
plentiful, but that it was difficult to find a
?K\CCO man. lioys, qualify for the |10,CO(>
job. .
Have one idea — a oicd business one — and
follow it. Look, at Edison, the wizard. He
forgtts everything on earth but his Inventions,
and the world wonders at his triumphs.
I wish you could realize how poorly the
work of the world is done. The average man,
after years in his business, is not doing his
work any better than when- he began. A
prominent jurist once told me that ho knew
twenty lawyers who could not handle a case a*
well as when they first came > from the law
school. Men do .'not fait for want of knowl
edge-, but because they violate the first condi
tion of success." The, World lsvwilling to pay
for excellence. '- 1 would pay. my -'own fare to
see the grave of the man, who" died from over
work, and I have seen whole cemeteries full of
those who passed away dodging industry.
Young man,, work for your employer. Render
two dollars' worth of work for every dollar
you get, and my. 'word for It, some one will
discover you." ~-v.
That "Sapho" still has charm for the
theater public v was strongly evidenced
at the California last, evening, when -a
large crowd ¦ enthusiastically greeted
Florence Roberts in the role of Fannie
La Grande and bestowed ; on Lucius
Henderson his well merited" share o£
applause for his splendid interpretation
of the character of Jean Gaussin.. The
cast of "Sapho" 1 throughout is good
and one that- reflects credit *'on Miss
Roberts,, whose .judgment usually takes
precedence . over, that of : others of, her
company, in assigning, roles. /\ She. , is
well supported In this week's produc
tion, which has every assurance of en
joying a successful -run,-, i V^ V ' ' ' .'
The customary crush was, in. evidence
at both performances at the Orpheum
yesterday afternoon and last night, and
every feature- of the new programme
was well received. The "Great Singing
,Four," as the Mendelssohn quartet of
Denver Is known, made a hit with
their high-class and poular selections.
"New ~i ear's Eve in Bohemia" is the
.medium, for their introduction to San
Francisco, and their delightfully blend
ed voices made as good music as has
been heard on the Orpheum 'stage for
many a day. . , .
Burton and Brooks offer a clever lot
of conversational nonsense. in their skit,
,"A Can of Humor," while the recita
tion of "Dandy Jim," with a musical
setting, by Mr. Brooks brought the
moisture to many an eye." '
The three Mitchells, entertainers of a
dark hue, are as limber-limbed dancera
as have been seen here' for, Some time.
The man. puts unusual unction 'in his
songs, the woman is graceful and pleas
ant to look upon and j the J child has a
voice that nearly raises the roof..
The gem of the programme is~"Drift
wood," played by Eva Williams- and
Jac Tucker, who made such a hit in
"Skinny's Finish" during the/ past, two
-weeks. ..It < Is quite as clever and .orig
inal as their first effort.- / , ; ,; -I '.
Mr.' and Mrs. Alfred "Kelcy : revived
'"Uncle Thineas," a one-act comedietta,
in which they made i-a hit on a former
visit; Paul Barnes offered a lot' of- new
parodies and stories, and Klein and
¦ Clifton, the eccentric singers and
dancers, and "Our Boys in Blue" com
pleted an unusually strong bill. There
will be a matinee every day at the Or
pheum this week.
Popular Actress Scores iii
Familiar Dramatization
of Daudet's Masterpiece
Employe Who Measures His
Services by His Salary
Will Never Be a Partner
ADVISES FAITHFULNESS
3IISS ROBERTS AS SAPHO
Popular Playhouse Crowded
by Usual Sunday Throng
Anxious for Vaudeville
By this lime Short had disappeared.
A thorough starch of the town was
made for Short, but he succeeded in
evading his pursuers.
Wlliits lilt San Rafael for San Quen
tin on the 1:45 train. He got off at
Greenbrae and as the train pulled out
he again saw Short crouched on the
last platform. The officials at- th^i
prison were notified and every effort
was made to apprehend the fugitive,
but in vain. Warden Tompkins thinks
Guard WillltS had mistaken Short for
some other person.
Willits was off duty and : while
strolling aior.s Fourth street he saw
Short. Not being armed, he did not
care to approach the desperate man,
so he notified Constables Hughes and
Agnew. ; .• *'
SAN RAFAEL, Kept. 4.— Bert. Short,
v.ho escaped from San Quentin Prison
a few weeks ago by stowing away on
the steamer Caroline, was seen in San
Rafael to-day by Guard Frank Wll
lits.
Si-'tcia! Dispatch to The Call
Prison Attache Xotifles Of
ficers, but the Fugitive
Dodges the" Pursuers
BEC0GX1ZED BY GUABD
Convict Who Recently Es
caped From San Queiitin Is
Said to Have Been Seen
The British rhip M:«r!boroush Hill,
GapL&ln Joacs. nhlcb arrived yesicr
ifay from 1-cilh. vin Newcastle. Eng
;.;:.(!. encountered fume very heavy
.« terms, but beyond losing a few sails,
nistained no harm. She made a long
;i;-.?p.:g«" and most of the voyage had
;¦> t ontend with contrarj* winds. She
was seventeen days beating down the
English Channel. She encountered a
ti rrific southwestern on June 9 in lati
tude 56 19 south, longitude 74 30 wesU
The wind blew with hurricane force
for three days and was accompanied
by hail and sr.orr. June 14 a north
<-.:f:tcr was encountered, Avith more
prow. i-"ai!s wore blown away and the
Intensa cold added manifold to the
fl;fnrul:ics of handling the big ship.
The Marlborough Hill, which is
«-<ril known here, brought a large
i arco of penera! merchandise.
Falling Glnss Slices I^ar.
a *msJl bov F'cfd «n ihe sidewalk of Mi»
t i. r. f:wt, iv?ar Ecit. z-rsterday anJ threw a
(".s-^^aH throurh tlw window of a ierry-bouni
f*r. Tlie fallint class Btleed a piece of flesh
rrom the rltht ear cf J. Jont-s, ti-ho lives ai
T!S Valley tut-rl. Dr. Cocitft of t|ie Harbcr
HoBpUal *la:T treated ih» wr.unded man. The
sinall boy dlsarnfarcd. The- baseball is in th»
curtfey ft th* Lnited Haihoad? and t!>?
l*T tan have it by arplyine to Manager Chap
man.
Snow and Hail Leiicl Their
Chilling Influence to tlie
Discomforts of the Trip
MAKES A LOXG VOYAGE
>1 arl borough H ill A rri ves
From the Old World With
I^rge and Valuable Cargo
Addresses the Young Meirs
Christian Association on
How to Succeed in Life
SHORT HIDES
IN SAN RAFAEL
SECRETARY SHAW
GIVES ADVICE
ORPHEUM GIVES
SPLENDID BILL
ASSEMBLING
OF GERMAN
CATHOLICS
BRITISH SHIP
MEETS GALES
''tkE' SAN"FRAfe^
,- . Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ing and developing: at lowest prices.-San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. . •
7
ADVKRTISE3LELXTS.
/ / f KtJB m_ sjs^ffi <sCMB._J ft i
I f /ft £i3JR£W / '*-——¦£. i— — - "tHKV|r^J Et| * '3
I do this work right, at little prices. If
, you have not tried my Kodak Developing
I and Printing;, send me a trial order at once.
i DEVELOPING:
I Roll of six 10c i Roll of twelve... 13c
i PRINTING :
Solio finish. Se tr> Ec • Velox finish. Scjo $e
i AUSCO CAMERAS at prices from ?a up
1 DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS for aii
i Cameras at my usual low price*.
I CYKO PHOTO PAPER, all popular sizes.
| Cameras repaired at moderate figures.
j Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
; THAT MAN PITTS,
] F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
| 1008 MABXST STBEET, Opp. Fifth.
' San Francisco.
j
i ¦ ¦ ¦: ¦
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
A/i a.OlrOf C3
* iTictictrid.
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
j pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
! or your money returned. Price,
i 50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
I sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
I mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
I The Overland
| Limited
Leaves San Francisco 10 a. m. ;
arrives. Union Passenger Sta-
- tlon., Chicago. 9:25 a. m. third
day. Electric lighted through
train, via the Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul
Railway.
Another good train at 6 p. m.,
with tourist sleeping cars.
$72.50 to Chicago and re-
• turn. September 5. 6. 7.. 8. 19,
20. 28, 29. October 3, 4. 5, 6,
19. 20. 26, 27. Return limit, 30
days. Folders free.
I Tickets — 635 Market St.
C. Ii. CANriELD,
General Atrent,
3?OJ9cu£aAiusm>
/pQ Perfect Fittin* rtj^ *
[y . Eyeglasses If
| j At Mouerate Cost
V 642
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
S^^CALiFORNI LA g
d LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
1 LEAVES MONDAYS end THWSOiYS ¦ I
Hat J):J4O a. in., throujt la i5 H'Tt.g I
M with diner and all trapptae*. ¦
¦;•;.-.'.;./, Other Santa 7* Trains >
o^ii »'-S" 1 ior Stockton. Fresno. BakersiSeld.
6 loo v. m. j Merced. Hanford and Vls.lia.
4:«0 p. m. for Stochtcn.
8:00 p. m. (or Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET Ori'ICES — 641 Market St. aafl
JPcrey Depct. S. r. Also 1113 Broad-
war. Oakland. Cal. 87 Soutb ?irst St,
Ban Jos a. *
j^^^^J ROSS VALLEY.
h^jMra^j^^^r^j MILL- VALLE I,
l^^^^^j CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
ljeDart froisi iian i'rancisco, week dayn, at
B-30. T:10, 7:43, 8:30. »: 15. H.K0O. 11:W> a. rn.
ill-4t> a m. Sausalito only), 52:fo. 1:45. 3:15.
40») 4:33, 5:15. 5:5u. ti:^>. 7:15, 0:00. 10:2U.
ii-25 d m. Sundays and logjl holidays depart
it- i 10 7:45, 3:UW. «:15. 10:00, ll:oo. ll:4u
a m' I8:S». 1 ;W> - 1:45 - - :3y - 3:15 > 4:00 - 4::a .
5:15,"5:50, 0:». 7:15, 8:15. 0:00, 10:20. 11 :»
-'•Arrive sit San Francisco, week daya, 6:1",
700 7:35. a :15. 8A5, 0:35. lO:-U Il:05a. m.,
1«^C5 ItSft," 2:3O. 3:S5. 4:i0, 5:05, 5:40. 6:15,
0-55 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
lecal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:46 v 2:05,
h 'For P Falrto week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
T-l."> n m. On Sundays and legal holiday* hi
7:15, 0:15. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45!
P m ' THROUGH TRAINS. j
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations, i
0:15 a. m. Snndays only — For Point Reyes.
etc. ,- . . . . - ' !
:::15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. £tc. :
• 8:15 p m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «52O' Market St.
FERRT— Union Depqt,. foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway j
L««T* Tla fau«li!« ftnj Arrive ;
San frautlsco t—i»t sUttttM. S»n Krand«cs> |
Week t Son- _i^FHiL_ _• Su "* w ««k |
....... pfcSffT 12:45 f 8:4»4
.... 10.00a lN^9» 2:05r«n:05*
10:00* 11:00 a ".Xjsa^S 1 / 3:35 r 3:35 p I
'-1:4ft r 12:20 r B:40 p 6:1ft l i
•:1ft r! l;4ftr IHBr 6:15 r 10:0Sf
........' 4:Z%r\ -If -I 8:60 r ....
*IIagr«tB|ttr. ' Y ftwtfii U 1O fillty.
•hciM J625 M arkjlt St. (North ilhoro RailroadJ
Offices }aml sacsaiito Fsmct. Foot Market 8*.
j ADVEimSEJEENTa,
J A jprcc Trial Bottle of
sent on receipt of ioc. to pay
! postage. Positively relieves and fc
i cures Oak or Ivy Poisoning,
! Sunbiini, Prickly Heat. Hives,
and immediately takes lh-i sting '
< out uf Mosquito Bites. A mar-
velous remedy for bums,' and
will positively prevent blood poi-
soning from cuts or abrasions".
Sold bv leading dru(5fllr.ts.
N(>ne gcnulng r.-ithout ray signature.
6 1 C Prlnco St.. New York. .
' S»n4 f>r rroo P<»kl«t on "H»w 1i» tr»»t 4i».
»«_i-f." r«n'*nta; iiaodr-.d* uf t«stisi<>sj.'alt of
wefierfal ecj«*. ¦¦ ¦-- • -•- -¦
¦f) visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
vSUSEBH OF AHATOSY^
b''\Gfo ICaHi3ttl : S?.l«.fi:.*?A,8.F.Csl. A
\ -^4 The LarjeitAnaiaaical Museum ia the \
f) _«-J^>_ V/otld.- We«kr.«».ei t.r *i.y r.u;ri«r(-rt A
i -¦ GaBlS* diJt^e P»><>>*r<rror«n<t> r u««l(le>i V
0 $£&*£ CR * •'ORDAK-DfStASES Or HEN A
\ |#(53^^| Ccnsalutioa free tr.d iirit'.'.j priM!-. \
0 fl >?<ff t " I "" ul ' n * I!t ptr«grvl y or by \t:itt. A A
\ n 1/ ni '**»'"«'• Cur « in trety ci^ unrtermken. T
/J»T- ft Hi • - v ''rite for P-;ok. Pnil.O^OPItV.f A
* .1 I) S&ABIA6E, MAILED VXlt. (A\
. \ ' y nluable book for iu^o ) x
(/ nCJUCDAK Jfc«:O.. 1C51 MarkeJSt..S. P. V
' (fb B' B M fp$i Outfits, Guns. Ammunl-
¦ B SS KN| j lion. Fishlnc anil Outing
R MS Slsl aW' Goeds. Tents and gun«> to
B IShIbII Rent." CATALOG FREE.
•JJg BI V §1 SHEEVK &. BARBER CO..
¦: 7."<0 Market i tt., '
'...-'.'.. ™ . 0-'l Kearcy at.. S. F. .
; IA/.T. HESS,
' STotary Public and Attorney- at-Law.
Tenth Floor; lioom 1U15,: Ciuus fcjuOwke.a l-.dg,
. Telephone Main US j.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st. .
Residence Tele;jlione Pase o541.
r |ASTHMANOLA|
Zs the only cure for Wervotii uid
BroccWal ' ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 00S HAIGHT ST.,
San FranclBco. Cal. '.
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y<f~}*^*\^ Trains l«aT« aad are da*
/a^T]7>£\ toarrl».»t
(?^^fe^ 8AN FKAycisco.
V^-£^«V/ r»*T Vzrvr
iJS (Toot of Msrket Street >
»»"i ~ MAIN LINE. -^TwwTT
7-COa V«c»t11Ip. Wlnfo*. i:am»#y 7 6Qt»
7.00a neuifila, K1m1r««nt! S«cr«ireau> . 7-Z0»
7 -3VA VkHeJo. Nnr>«. t'alfstosr >. Santa
Ki>*a. Maritnez. S;ta K.-imon 8-20*
7 30a NIIm. Tracy. Luthrw. Swriron.... 720»
l-OSAshxts Kxr>re»»— (Vl» I>»v1j>.
wmtaaat (for Bartlett Spr'.DjnK
wmowi. trroto. Rel lSIaX
! PortUn>I. Tacoma, Sest:> 7-58*
i 8-CCA D»v:i.VToo'Jl*nd. Knicht* T/iadlns.
lt«ry«viite. Chieo. Orofllte...... 7-5O
t SO*, Port Coitt. Martinez. Anttocb.
i Byron. Tracy. Stockton, Xew-
trsn. Lps lSunoa, Moadeta,
Armona. Haafonl. Visa lla,
Pormrrllle 4.7O
t S0a P«rt Cotta. .11 a d e » t o. II e r <¦ e d.
Trrtna. Uotacn Jnoctlca, Haa-
ford. Vtsilia. HakersSetii 4 53s»
; 9SCa Niles, Ssa .Jose. Llrermore. Stock-
! . ton. (tMlltonV loac. Saen»mentot
Marysr!l!e. Calco. Ue4 Blaff .... 42C*
1.30a OAi'Uie. Chtnce. J»mei>:owa. So-
«or«. Tnolmnne sn«I Aace:s 4.20»
• 00a Atlantic Kxpres*— Os0e» in-: Ra«. 5-2C^
• 30a Richmt^nrt. Uartlnn3 <b<! Way
; Station* 850J»
I tC -CCa The Overiiind L^m::c.l — «>sMen.
Omaba. Cbtcnso. iicarer. Kansas
Ciiy. St-LouU «2fl»
tO COa V.Jieja .... J220*>
I WJ20A Lo« Anrelft* Patseager — Port
Costa. Marttaex, Ityroa. Tracy.
Latarop. 3 toe!; ton. Merced.
Raroiontl. Frecio. Goiben Jnnc-
tlAa. Hic'ord. Lemeore. Vljall*.
B«Ventflc?v Lc» Angela* 7-z0»
tf.0OM H«yw*ra. Xt'.n *n<! -;7«r Scuttovs. 5-20*
1t.00P6«cr.imentontTcr 8tenmer» t11.0U»
3-30P Brstei*, IVtatert. Sacramento.
Woodland. wi;:osr». KntjcHts
Landtnr. Mirytvliie, OroTltle
m.1 w»r i'»t!oni 10.50a
|.I0PHir*u4, Nile* and Way Stolons.. ?H»
4 OCP KKrtlnez.San l!.i;n™, Valle Jo.N'ip*.
Callitona. 8»nt»!:tav S20*
4 COP Nlies. Traer. Stockton. Lo4l 420»
4 3CP IHrwurd. Rtie*. lrrtastoa. Cant ta.SOA
• Jca«. LlTermore ..) 111.60*
S4)0PTbe Owl LkntleJ— N'ewona. Lot
It »i»'j». Meadoia.7re>so. Talara.
B»kersSeld.LoaAnffe!a* -• 8-SOa
18 30p Hay v«rd. Nllr» ami s»n Jo*a 7.20a
SCOp Hay vard. WHe» and San-lM« 9 SOa
6C0p Eastora Kxprpfs— Or<>ea. Omaba.
Chtrmo. Denvor. Kaasas Citr.
St. Lou!t,Tia Martfnes. Stocttoa. "n
Saemmeato. Colfax. Ueno...... 12-30*
f.SOo Vallejo. dally, except Saoday ... . I T sn _
TOOp Taltejo, Snadsy oaly f ' 9VW
7X0p lUchmoad. Saa Pablo. Port Co«ta,
Marttne* and Way Station* 11-23*
7-CCp Iteao Passenger — Port Co«:». Sut-
aoa, EliDir*. Da»l(u Sser.iipeato,
Trockee, Lake TsS-e. Reno, '¦• '^'
Tonot>ah. Spark* 7-50A
¦ CSp Port Costa, Uarttae*. Byron,
Tracy, Latbrop, If o -t e 1 1 a.
Merced. Bereada, Frstno and
War Station* beyond Port Coata 12-20*
8 C5> To*emlte Valley. Tla lterenda and
WawoDa 8.50a
¦¦OBp Martinet. Tracy. Stork'.on 10.20a
t-ObP Oregon * Cnllfornla Expre**— 9«9-
ramento. Maryivllle, Rsddlsg.
PnrtJand, Pnget Sonml tAd Kiui. 8-50A
I.IOp Ilayward. Nile* and Ban Jose (Sn*v
dayoaty) . 11.50*
COAST LI N E <>arr»w laip).
(Foot of Marfcet Street.)
"7.45a Santa CroxExcurj|t>n(Sandayon!TJ 8-10»
¦•16a Newark. Oeaterttile, 8*a Joaa,
»!too. Boulder Creek. BIkBhMb.
Santa Crnx and Way 3t itiom . .. 6 S3*
1C16a Alrarado. Newark, Saa Joae, Loi
Oatoa,GIenirood, Feltoo. Ronlder
Creek, Blff'Bastn. Saata Cn»>; 8-10*
tt.15* Newarfe. Centerrlile, S»a Jo»«,
Kow Almnden. I^s GatfW.FeitoB.
Boulder Creek. Saata Crita and
Prtixlpal Way Btatiou* *. 10 S3*
4.1Ep NawarW, Saa Joae. Loi Gato* . ti 55*
4.15P Wrt^at, Ronldcr Creek and Soota
Crur. Saturday and Sunday only. 68 55a
COAST LINE (Brond b> M .).
fW~ < Third »n.i 'fotrn»*nd 8treet».)
• 10a Ban Jote and VCay Stations 6 3f «
t7 COa 8ai« Jote and Way Station* G40i>
7.15a Uoatere? and Santa Crua E.t?-ir-
»ion (Sunday only) 10 30t»
S-OOa Vew Al;n »dcn (Tur»., Fri(!.. oely), i-X'CP
CCa Tfc? Coaster— San Jote. S'jlioaa,
Ssa Ardo, Paso Robles. B»nta
Margarita. Snn Lnt* ()n!»po.San t»
Barbara. Saa Bacnareatnra.
MostalTO. Oxnard. Burbank. Lot
Angeles 10.49*
MMOa Gliroy. Holllatrr. CaKtrorille. Del
Uoate, Pacific Urovp. Surf. Lo-n-
poe 10^3»
9.00a Ban Jote. Tr»n Plaoa.'WatPpnvllle.
Capltota. Sanu Crux, ParlQa
flrore. Sallaaa San l.ol* Ohtspo
and PrlBctpo: W»y StatlOD*. ... 4-10*
IC-3CA San Joa« and Way SUtlon* 1-20*
II 30a Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo* Cato*
ana Way Station* 7.30»
1.3Cp San Jote and Way Stations 8 36a
IZbCpDel Monte- Kxnre** (except San- ,
d»y) — SantA Clara, San- Jose,
Watsonvlile. S«nt» Crnz. Del
Uouta. Hlonterer. l'«c!rtc Grore. f 12-15*
S-30p Burilpsvme. San Jo«e. Gt'roy. Hol-
itoter, Tres P;no».P»]ar'>.Wat«)a-
vl'.l". Capltola, Santa Crnx. Caa*
irortUe. Salinas. PaelQe Groro... 1045*
4 .30" Fan Joto and Way Stations tS OC A
tS 00p Saata Clara. *nn Joae. hot Gato*.
AVrt^ht and prinr'pil Way St*
tlons(exrept Saartny) tS.COA
|5-3Op d«nJcpean-!l'rJ!icf"iHV-ryi»tat:ons ',9 4Q>
6 45p bnsset EsDiesn. — Uedwuod. Saa
Jo*e. Gt!roy.3alina*. Paso l:ob!«a.
San l.tils Obitpo. B*rt>»r*.
Los Antjelea, Deralin-. Kl Paaoi,
New Or!<r»n». N»>w Vorlc 7-10*
».45p PaJaro, WatsonTllle. Oipltol*. I , tft __
Sfir-t* Crna. CastrorJUa, Pel V* l2*?*
Moata. Pactfle Orove ) » iu.43*
16.1 S" tan )itttteo.Ueresfortl,l!elmont.8aa
Carlo*. 1>Jw,a!. Fair Oaks. tv
MenloPark. Palo Alto.. tB-aSa'
6 SOp Sun Jose and Way Stations. 6 38*
8 C0p Palo Alto »=J Way SUtloes 13 15a
. It .SOp bouts San Francisco. Mllli>r*e. Bnr-
llnsame. San 'iateo. Belmont,
" Saa Carlo*. Ue.lwooO. Fair Oak*.
Mcnlo Park, and Palo Alto 3-43*
ill 3Qs> Mjjilclu. Mountain View, Sonny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clar» nod
an Jose tS.48*
A (or Morutas- . P f or A f temoorw
1 Eno J." exeepted. t Son.Ur onlr
<¦ Satorday only. * Monday only.
. tSiuca it *J! stiUoaj «a staaOaiu
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COl
L1SSSH1E]
UN FRAKCISCG AND NORTH PACIFU
SAZXiWA? COMPA2TT.
Tibaxou rerrr. Toot ot aCuket Str«*fc
BJLJg rSAnCXSCO TO SAS BA7a2Z.
WKEK DAYS— T.JO. 8:C0. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:«Q, 8:10. 6:60. 6:30 aad 11:31
P. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
BUNDATS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; I OK
2:30 S:40. 8:10. *S:30. 11:30 9. m.
8A2T' RAFAEL TO SAJI T&iJfCZSOO.
WEEK DAYS— tt:05. «:&o. 7:35. 7:80. »;M.
11:14 a. m.; 12:501. ti.iiO. 3:40. 8;0flC i'M.
«:23 p. m.
Saturdays— Extrm trtp at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:50. 7:33. 9:20. 11:13 *. m.: I:**.
3:40. 4:50. ft:C0 i:20. C:23. 7:50 p. &
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I la Effect 1 AntT*
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. I Baa rrma.
Weei I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sua- I Wart
Days. I days. \ Uoa. \ daya. [ Daya.
7-30 a f 7:43 a 7:43*
7-30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 »
8:00 a 8:30 a , Isaacla. i?^* 1 * 1^*
2:3l»p 2:30 p 522 P ? : S*
5:10 p 8:10 p «:|0P 1M 9
7 ••Ma 7-30 a 7:43al7:48*
8 [TO a 8:00i NoTato. 10:Mal0:»*
2:30 p »:30a Petalum* «:2O p « 20 9
B:10p 2:30p *ad . l 1^ 5 ? '•3»»
V 5:10 p Santa, Roa*. 8:45 p
7"Da 7-30a ~~~ 10:20 «J10:20 »
Ifwl 8 ;2o. rultoa. t|25p «:g>P
2:30 p 2:30 p I »-« 3 P T2S »
¦Windsor. J .
7 -30 a 7 :30 a Healdsbur*. \ 10:20 a 10 :=0 *
Ly tton. , • ¦
2S0p 2:30 p GeyservlUev ,17:23 p 7:23 p
{ CloverdaU. \
7-30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 »11O:2O *
g;S0p|S:30p( and XJklah. I 7:23 p| 7:2a 9
7:30 a| 7:3O a| Ehwwood. 1 7;23 Pt 9
8-00 al 8:0O at GuernevlUe and 110:20 a|10:20 »
2 ISO p{ 2:30 Pi Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| *:20p
8-00 a 800 a 8:40*1 8:40*
6 : l0p »:30a ' Sonoma. «:0Opf«:2Op
B-.lOp Glen Ellen. 8:43p|
T-SOa!?-3Oal 110:20 aj 10:20 %
i;30pj 2J30PI SebaatopoL |7:S5p|«:2Op
STAGES connect *t S*ats Kos* for Whlt»
fculphur Bprlnea and M*rtt W«at 8prin«s: *t .
Fulton lor Burka's Sanitarium; at Lytton tor
Lytton Springs: at GeyservUle for Skagis
gnrinss; at CloTerdala for th« Geysers, Boon?.
v-lle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
SDrinss. Hlshland Springs. Kslseyville. Carls.
baJ Strings. Sod* Bay. L&keport and Bartlett
hcrin/s; at Cklah lor Vichy Sprints. Saratoga
tonnes. Elu« Lzfces. Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt«r
Sprints, Upper Lake. Porco, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierlcj-s. Bucknall'a.
eanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Ori*s Hot
£prU>gs.. Hairway House. Comptcb*. Camp
Svevena. Hopkins. Mentfocino City. Fort Brass.
Westport, Usal: at Willita for Fort Brass.
Westport, Sherwood. Can to. Covelo, Laytoa-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's. Eprlajs. Harris, Olsens.
Dyer. GarbervllU. Pepperwood. Scoti* ani
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets *t r»-
duceti rates. MssaB
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Caronlcta
building.
JAS. U FRAZIEB. R. 3C. RYAN.
, Can. Manager. - O«n. Pass. A«t-
Weekly Call $1 cer YearTHE S AN ::¦ FR ANCISCO a GALL;^ MONDAY/ . SEPTEMBER : 5, ; ; 1904;
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-Female-Con.
SITUATION by reliable woman in small Amer-
ican family; general housework. 207 Minna
St.. near Third.
EASTERN woman wants situation; good cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home: references.
AJdress Cook, box 09C, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants position as cook, pri-
vate family; sleep home. Box 820, Ca'.l.
COLORED woman would lik* to do washing
and ironlne at home. 115. Moulton st.
NEAT young colored woman wants work In
private family or pcnall boarding house;
country preferred. Box C49, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER and laundress by middle-
aged woman; city cr country. Address room
15, 512 Fcurtb st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with small
family or to care for children: private family
cr rooming-house. H., Box 847, Call office.
WANTED — Sowing by the day; $1 per day and
rarfare. Address Seamstress, 671 East
Twelfth Bt.. East Oakland. ___^
TWO Finnish girls want positions in Oakland;
one for cook, one for second maid. Apply
656 Forty-first St., Oakland.
GOOD dressmaker will go out by day during
this month: $2 to $3 day. 530 Stevenson st..
near Seventh.
LADY wishes place on chicken ranch on shares;
good housekeeper. MRS. C. MARTIN. Ala-
meda. j
YOUNG woman wishes position as dressmaker. I
635 Oak tt. ' '
A MILLINER wishes a position. 1074 Howard
street.
| A WOMAN wishes work by day. Apply 255
Minna Bt. ¦¦ ¦
GIRL. 15. wants position In an* office. Box
eS-3. Call office. -'
YOUNG lady wants position In a dry goods
store. Addrers box S30, Call office. <•?
WOMAN would like to work by the day. 342
- Minna st.
WANTED — Position as cashier: experien^rt;
restaurant; references. Address box 856. Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as nurse girl;
best of experience. Box 835, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. 317 Clara st.
WANTED — By a competent woman, position
as chambermaid. 520 Third tt.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEWT WANTED — MAM.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position In hotel
or private* house; can do all repairs and al-
terations on electric lights, call bells and
telephones: In willing to work as handy man.
Address EDWARD. R. S.. 118 Eddy st.
GERMAN (2S years). 2 months here, wants
steady position; speaks little English; any
work where he can learn the language quick;
city or country. Box 842, Call office.
FIKST-CLASS driver wishes position In pri-
vate place; understands gardening thorough-
ly; all around man; sober and reliable; good
reference. Box HW,|'Call office.
WANTED — Position as salesman or manager,
city or country, by j#ung married man: ex-
perienced in grocery and provision lines;
with Al references. Box S33, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and chauffeur for
private family; city or country; ateady po-
sition preferred ; very best city and personal
references. Box 797. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper, IS years'
experience, desires engagement; collections
and correspondence a specialty; salary mod-
erate. Box 791. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed non-union plumber
wants work from Drot>erty owner; has all
necessary shop tools; city or country. Box
700. Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman. 23 years of age, wants
to wcrk araonsr plasterers as heloer or learn
the trade. Address L. A. R., 5151^ Bush st.
V.' ANTED — A position as collector by a young
man of experience; references and bond fur-
nished if desired. Box 1001. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter. d«s!res position;
offlc-j work: references; $6 per week salary.
Box 853. Call office.
.MILLWRIGHT — Non-union man; first-class
Eastern reference: sawmill. Box 1371. Call
office. Oakland
JOB carpenter; strict attention paid fire Jobs;
prempt and reasonable. Address Carpenter,
435 Seventh St., city.
SITUATION wanted by . a Scandinavian to
work in a warehouse or hay barn or lumber
yard; good worker. Box 1150. Call.
PLUMBER wants steady work. 204 Ellis st.
room "i.
GERMAN wants position as porter or lunch
man. Box ICOi. CalL
WELL-KNOWN experienced salesman wishes
a position In wholesale or retail business.
Box 1*0:5. Call v
YOUNG man would like situation as appren-
tice' in machine shop in city. Box 804. CalL
BARBER wants position In downtown shop.
J. D.. 128 Twenty-eighth st.
WAITER wants evening job. Box 803. Call.
WATCHMAN wishes position. 1074 Howard
street.
CAKE baker wants position In country. Ap-
l ly C25 Clay st.
WANTED — A position as stableman. Address
l&M Oak st.
JOB wanted as delivery wagon boy. Box 868,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as porter In liquor store.
Box,0S.\ Call.
SITUATION in wholesale house as Janitor.
Box 119S, Call.
SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trad* de-
sires a position. O. S.. 403 Minna st.
AVANTED— Place as cash boy. 330 Natoma st.
GARDENER wants position for two days per
week. Address 1524 Golden Gate ave.
POSITION as night watchman. Box 823, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by bookkeeper. Address
box 1011. Call office.
YOUNG' man wants a Job In a wholesale
house. Box 1003. Call office.
BOY wishes work In wholesale house. JOS. A.
FRIEDMAN. 02O Washington st. •
CHINESE first-class coo!: wishes position In
irivnte family. 1110 Stockton st.
A JAPANESE couple want situation in fam-
ily; man is first-class fancy cook and wife
Is experienced waitress: 15 years' reference;
wages $K0 up. Address M. SHI, 518 Jessie
st. Telephone South 99.
JAPANESE wants position as school boy In
jroorl family. Address, by letter only, T.
KIMURA. S07 Polk st. ¦
A JAPANESE good cock wants situation as
schoolboy; ap't house: speaks good English
HARRY AMEMIYA.1303 Polk;tel.Larkln 432!
'^__ EXCHANGE, "
FOR sa> or exchange — Grocery and liquor
store in warm belt of Mission; no competi-
tion: three livinsr rooms; ideal place for man
and wife: will exefcans* ror city r»al estate-
V price !»I.V>0. Box S34. Call office.
raATSTOLET. .
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list: \
service absolutely free; taks advantage of •
this department; It will save you time and I
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253
Geary St.. on the square.
i *' v \ muzz ' '
! DOWNTOWN flat— Medern 9-room flat, sun In
, every room: furnishings for sale at bargain:
I „ rent only $42 50; water fr?e. Apply ITS Oak
st.. between 10 and 3 o'clock.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near: Folsom— Just com-
' , pleteU: elegant corner flats of 6 rooms; $22 50
and ?25.
' ¦
LYON, ll'j — Fine large medern upper flat of 7
I rooms ami bath; rent $10. Near Golden
'¦ Gate Far!:. . _^
NEW Colonial flats, 5 rooms and reception
hall; artistically, decorated: $22 60. B st..
Third ave. near Park. - s
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554. nr. Dolores— 5
rooms: double Darlors; $15.
ASHBURY. 503. corner Page — Desirable upper
fla, 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
w>^; SPIBCTUA3jISK._
CP.INDLE'S materializing eeance to-day, 2
o'clock, sharp. 32S Ellis st. ¦ ¦•¦¦¦•' •¦
MRS. WAYBORN, medium; $1 readings this
week 25c: cir. Hon.. Fri.. 8 p.m. 1235 Mkt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. | 12C0, Market St.. Gait Houss.
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1.
3ECS 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp S56.
ci.AravoYAirrs.
AA — CALL at once and save $t. ,-
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
. PAUL DESTINE.
The. First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hcr«by solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, anJ
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife ,
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will teil every hops,
fear cr ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach thn greatest possible strength' in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in buftinega, mining, speculation: I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any "one you desire, win the one you
love, brlnff back your, loved one, and cause
marriage with ' one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.,' 328.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
' nently located at 17 Third St.. '.next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate, description of the past, reveals the
present happenings an portrays- events- to
occur In the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satlsfl>d with life. | or
i have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
rult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In j
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: • oO»n Sundays. Tel. Hla^k . 45*59.
A— Miss M. Wide. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer snd life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asktng a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1: hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair'. l & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names:
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G-. G. ave.
1SMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 110»
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to ft p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day tvening. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist.clairvoyant, card
r*a«ler; when others fall try me;good readings
28c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.av. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENWA reads life; business ad-
vice* names civen; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader: ladles only. 421 Hyde st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
PALMISTRY, card reading. 25c and 60c. Miss
L. Kahntus, 704',4 Larkln; 10 a. m.-9 p. m.
MRS BAUMAXN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis St. . . .
D2NTISTS. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break';
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50f fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR- KNOX dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up; flllings,25c.
GOLD fllllng.". 75c; eilver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
palmopen Sundays. Dr. A.C.Hewltt,2O4 Sutter
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from S47 Geary
tt. to 5S0 Gearv.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid., S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. itOO Mlssion,cor.t ; th.
DRESSMAKEBS AJTD SEAM3TEES3ES
ACADEMY dressmaking. 42S f Sutter; only
school that teaches dress cutting, ..making
systematically.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. i-fass;1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor
¦ EDUCATIONAL^ .
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
tt., between Third and Fcurtb; more space:
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come ard see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
JEAN and STELLA MacDONALD'S children's
class; song and dance, recitation, physical
culture, ballroom, fancy and step dancing;
Saturdays. 2:30 p. m.. Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion St.. between 19th and 20th.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. ¦ Phelan bldg.
A— The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
cchools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R.' AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
- $50: positions .secured, day, eve. 723 Market.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. <",C2 Van Nes-i
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, purantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man uhorthand. typing, bookkeeping: $$ mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. tnln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: «Jay. ev. : est. IS84: Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing: and Journal-
ism m»-et on Men., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
:t33 Phslan bids.; terms very reasonable.
WANTED — Ladles to learn lace making; all
English thread lace tausht. 790 McAllister.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hin-
• man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
PIANO lessons by pupil of New Enjr. Conserv-
atory. 3« Glen Park ave. ; - phon« Jessie 1546.
SPAXISH.French.etc.Prof.De FIllppe'sAcadtmy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. lS71;ab'est profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
?enally. Miss M. G. Barrett. .102 MonK'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION — Day and
1'ARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— NIsht class.
ISAAC Pitman .Business College. 345 Halsht:
individual • instnic. : -all branches: ilay. eve.
WESTERN Business College, - 1107- Mkt.. com-
plete course. $i» mo. $-*;o: eve.; $4 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA Burners College. f>25 Goldsn
'Gate ave., P. F. : 75- race ratalo? or. request
JEKPIiOJtMSITT OFFICES. _
A— JAPANESE anil Chinese employment offic?
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. JMURA. S39 Satramento. Tel. Ja«ies 5'J61.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japane«e-
Chlnese help. 42(i Powell st. : tei. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
li?cn Scunj's, 411Vi O'Fanell; tel. East 426.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, elenosrraphers,
generalh*lp. "NATIONAL." BOf) Hearst bid
JAP'ANESE-Chlnese Emp.' Office. "4 15 Stockton:
b«t help. . Brltz Tamajcakl.mirr. :tel.Bush 859 •
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- <
flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5133. j
CHINESE nnd Japanese heln: estab. 20 yeara.-i
Tel. Main 1PD7. BRADLEY fe <"O..-.K4rt Clayf
EMPLOYMEITT WANTED — PEMALE.
WANTED — A situation ' by a woman to do
general housework' in small American fami-
ly; is first-class cook. 107 Minna st.,- near
Third. ¦
"WOMAN wishes work by the day; good.laun- ¦
dresa; $125 a day;; no postals answered. : 549 ]
Minna st., betwetn Sixth and Seventh.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
wore ' engagements .by the day; good cutter
ami' fitter; terms reasonable.-- Box: SQ97, Call.
A LADY wishes a rosltion as a s:am3tr:ss In
private -family; thoroughly competent; also
. Rood cutter. Box SC5. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Lady, capable and competent,
--'; desirca ; good position; good references; \ state
salary. and particulars. - Box S22, Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as~waltrcssMn
private family; best of experience. . Box S3G
Call office.
WANTED— A f. position as housekeeper in a
, small family by an elderly Eastern lady
M. ; J. H. , box 811. Call office. •
u
A — CAMERON Ac CO.; r ;j ir"non3 tioutn 1UJ0.
3 liddy bt., cor. Market' and- l J 6weil.
Headquarters lor Kopming-houseb, Hotels and
: r ,.;v All Kinds Business Chances.'
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bills and elevator; all light
rooms, wtil lurnlahed throughout ; chance of.
litetime to get hnst-ei&ss house that is clearing
Jj>o50 to,$45u at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in' comins con-
clave; owner obliged to . leave for Kurope to
settle an estate; make offer: exclusively with
ub.;. ¦¦ . . . ¦ ' ¦
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment ; call lur particulars.
-32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fins
downtown location;. '2. entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2Cu per month; if run tia.i-
eient can cle«u- *3uo to $350 per month; here la
best proposition in city.
7-room modem flat close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now ' $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak- (
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch 1
in California; rn^ust leave city.
21' rooms; cheap ' rent; ' very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
128 rooma; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $«300 per month; must sell on
account' of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in: full flr6t-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fins proposition;
rood lease. ¦::¦ •?
' ' / * - ' • — — —
6-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
,00- room. . new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-houso; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; 'grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 15-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat; rent pniy$50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
5 : price $400. . • „
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; '$4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum;. departure. v .
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and*
equipped little apartment-house ' in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
"16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; -always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms;' cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand. 1
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER Phone John 631
906 MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling houses, over 28 years
in San Francisco, is a j guarantee of his fair
dealing. He .guarantees titles and sells the
bargains to his customers. See him. '
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture ....... $3C0
tO rooms; Market St.; only 2.5C0
5 rooms; McAllister st.; flat 450
31 rooms; to trade for small house..... 2,500
25 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100. 1,500
15 rooms; E1113 st. ; new furniture. »00
6 rooma: rent $10; a nice little home. 200
45 rooms;, boardtng-house; fine corner.. 2,50u
3H rooms; downtown: reduced to •¦ 1,100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter St.... ... 400
17 rooms: on Fourth st.; a bargain 1,200
33 rooms; on Market Et 3,'0OO
4!) rooms; reduced from $3500 to 2.2UO
15 rooms: clears $100 1,250
Houses. lar«e and email, from $50 to. . 20,000
Flat, 8 rooma and bath 600
11 rooms: Rood piano; en Sutter st . 400
10 rooms; fine corner 600
24 rooms; transient 2,300
7 rooms: modern flat; rent $33 450
10 rooms: Geary Rt. : sunny side; only.. 600
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. DCO Market st., cor. Stockton.
$6000: APARTMENT and locJglnc-house, C6
rconis, modern house; full; lease 2?-j years;
furniture first-cla;s and . in best condition;.
terms to stilt ; this is a bargain as the
house cost $10,000 to furnish a short time
ago.
$750 — House of 3S rooms; furniture In good
condition: arranged for light housekeeping;
clearing 59" to $100 month clear profit.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.
1312 Market st.
Rocms 41S-419. . Tel. Folsom 3468.
50 ROOMS; located in the heart of Oakland:
newly furnished; has gas, electrlcitj and
runnine water; rent ?3 per room: 5 years'
lease: does a large business; to be sold on
account of sickness; It has been" placed in
our band3 to sell, and it is going to go at a
bargain. MITCHENER & BARTON. 01*
Broadway, Oakland.
TO let — I new modern houses; unfur.; rent
$5 per r. : central; also fur. houites and flats
for 6ale; genuine bargains; nothing inis-
repres«nted at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st. Phone Mint 741.
..:. MITCHELL & CO...
1206 Market st .......Phone Jessie C9S1.
Rooming ami apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
24 ROOMS, corner downtown house: rent $80;
lease: trars'ent and *tea.lv rooms: will ex-
chanire lor flat or larger house: further par-
t'culars. *ee :ny agents, MITCHELL & CO.,
1200 Market Et.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale: 25 rooms; down-
town: all full; Clears $S0 per month: rent
_$1GO. Address box 1400. Call 6?ftce.
FOR SALE — House of 28 rooras: modern; with
lease: cheap rent; full all the time: n:ar
Alharr.bra Theater. Box 1114, Call office.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, well fur-
nished, at 143 Sixth st. Call 1 to 5 p. m.
A I7-ROOM lodging-house for sale; cheap. 253
Stevenson st.
A- WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Hi paces. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per yeei.
CABPET^B^ATnjraj^^^CI.EA2riyQ.
COMPRESSED. Air a^cT^a^mjrn~Proce3s unl-
versally - used for cleaninc carpets " on floor
withi.u: removal; carpets and russ, are also
cleaned hy, cemprersed air. at shop; prices
moderate. TS. . K. compressed Air Cleaning
Co., r,OS Market st. ; : phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN* you- become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-::57 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. :Sc. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. .
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning Sc yard. Tel.* Mission 74. f
CONKLIN'S ' Superior Carpet Beating Works,
33.') Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 120.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat"
tiestes made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop3.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
»reascnable£2J03Harrisonjst : jteK_2Ilsslon263.
CORNS, ..bunions, ingrowing nails removed;
painless. DK. WOODRUFF. S55 Market st.
OjTjFICES.' _ .
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city.- or; country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery,' rooms ', 0-10; ¦ tel.'.- Main 55S0. . -.
.'.'¦•' CI.OTHING BEKOVATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, ¦ $1 ; ecourlng and
dyeing.-: Bon Marches Examiner bldg.; r. 410;-
phone Drumm 44. Callfor and deliver fr e *.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 1C50.
v SliUdy st.,.cor. Market and Powell. .
Headquarters for all kinds of busless chances.
FOR Fale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
o:ie hcur's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outinc; also for winter ehootlng and
(iehinc; conmietely furniBhed and equipped
for botsskeepins; automatic Renerators for
making own Kas; toilet; closets; everything
s-lrlctly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over nigrht; perfect little home; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. ¦ CAMERON
6 CO.. :; Eddy at.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill Dlant: best coast city In Cali-
fornia; ever 4CK.I0 population: sold as tvhole
or eooarately: fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive Interests
elsewhere only reason for selling; books open
fcr inspection. ¦ For particulars see CAM-
ERON & CO., ?, Eddy st. .
FOR cjl« cr trade— Quartz mine: fine prospect:
located in Cal.: atsajs $40 to .$70 ton; trade
for rnig.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. SO minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished:
2 bars, dancinc pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets fcr $100 every Sun-
dRy; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200; for further particulars see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped . millinery . store;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good. busi-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more' than
price anked; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant in city; down-
\own; doing good business; cheap rent: own-
er has other Interests and can't devote his
timo to it: snap; $590. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy et.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses -and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WE incorporate and float etock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square.
Buffalo. .
FOR sale — A country newspaper in lively
town; paper in 17th volume; will be sold
cheap on account of ill health of publisher.
Apply Call office. . ¦
A CHANCE In each State to engage tn manu-
facturing a patent needed In every family;
no competition. Address box 903. Call office.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 dally; ele-
gant fixtures: fine location; trial given; ln-
ve&tigate. 53S Eddy st.
FOR SALE — A good paying reataurant ; come
promptly; must be sold: at a bargain. 1647
Devisadero st., near Sutter.
MEAT market; one of the best, both for loca-
tion and trarle: everything complete; price
$750; cur. Fifteenth and Sanches.
$2400 — GROCERY and bar; choice corner in
Mission; reasonable rent; lonx lease; no
agents; investigate this; a bargain. Box 468L
WANTED — Retired captain or suitable party
to start bay and river freighting office; free
rent: good location. Box 778, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter to go in business;
good chance for good man. Call 276 Hart-
ford »t. . '
FOR sale — Grocery and 30 furnished rooms;
comer near Santa Fe track. G. M., 4610
Grove ft., Oakland.
GCOD paying established harness, carriage
and trimming busln«ss; selling account slck-
ress. Box 13.'». Call office, Oakland.
A— DELICATESSEN; big cash trade: will sell
very cheap; worth Investigating. 217 6th et.
RESTAURANT for sale in Richmond district.
Address box 1030, Call office.
CHOP house for sale; good location. Box
Call office.
SALOON and grocery for sale; established 15
years. Cor. Fifteenth ave. and Q st. siuth.
$15CO— CASH or security; established grocery
and liquors; no opposition. 1C93 Poet st.
CHICKEN ranch for sale; cheap rent: 360
hens. Sll Sllliman St., San Bruno road.
W'ANTED — Saloon. 1118 Market St.. room 2.
WANTED — Restaurant 1113 Market st.,
room 2. ; '
CORPORATION forming: two directors want-
ed; S30O0 each: old est. bus. Box S92, Call.
FOR sale — A stoneware plant. For particulars
address box 70S. Call. .
FOR SALE— Partnership interest In a S. F.
law firm. Address box 855. Call office.
BAKERY for tale; 5 years' lease. Apply 1560
Church ct.
CANDY and pastry store; 3 finely furnished
rooms; YAg stock; .bargain. 825 Taylor st.
FOR «ale — Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 149 Pacific ave.. Santa Cruz.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* reception
of advertisementy and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open vntli 11 n. m. ;
I.0PGiyG-H0U5ZS rOB SAM'
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d arid Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels,
Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale.
(Special No. S5.)
HANDSOME apartment house, R5 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only $450:
long leaee; over $10 per day clear profit;
for sale at a great bargain exclusively by
•* MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 16)
ONE thousand dollars less than Its value will
take a nicely furnished 16-room house' quiet
and respectable; clearing $76 per month See
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 0)
ONLY $150 cash and $350 In payments buys »a
well-furni«hed 9-room house, on sunny side,
north of Market; income $73 50 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post St.; rent
$45; all sunny; coed yard: cheap.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Epeclal No. 14)
NEAR Van Ness ave. ; only $57 rent: modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooros: uplendld lo-
cation. This week everything for $.S50.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(SpeciaD Transient. . .¦
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; 10
rooms. Particulars only with
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 17)
HANDSOMELY furnished; highly respectable:
quiet and homelike: 17 rooms: reasonable
rent; low price: clears $G5 to $75 a month
the year round. Very cWirable house.
MARION GRIFFIN.'
(Special No. 30)
PARTLY furnished; 30 -rooms; -19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease; owner must sell; $1250 buys it.
MARION GRIFFIN.
? Special No. 27)
TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years*
lease ; clears $200 a month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. Cl)
NEW and modern; 31 rooms: clearing $125; all
permanent roomers; reduced from $4000 • to'
J2SC0. If ycu want something nice let us
show you this. MARION GRIFFIN.
, (Special No. C6)
CHOICE location: <;<J rooms; rent less than~$5
a room for the building; lease; oak aad ma-
hogany furniture: body Brursels and velvet
carpets. A very dependable house and a bis
money maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
SWELL corner house, nr. Van Ness;il9 rooms,
large, sunny and beautifully furnished;' grand
neighborhood. See this high-clam house. . i
MARION GRIFFIN.
...WELCOME. SIR KNIGHTS. .......
..If you are looking for.. ..........
: . A ' growing city to locate.:.'.*.". ; . :
The city of opportunity
.Is San Francisco ". . . ..;....
Fcr rrofitabie onrt safe : investments, •
Bes HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.. cap. Fifth st.
Of course ycu want the best.
We've mede a trernendo-'.s reputation
On our .houses." which, ' fcr, Style.
Pric? »nd Fiimlshisys. cannot be' excelled.
C. E. HrNKLRY, PHONE MINT V06.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH ST. .
Former Patrons My .Best' References. ¦¦
CALL FOR MY SPECIAL . .
LIST OF . BARGAINS
WEDNESDAY MORNING.
FIRST-CLASS . 2l-room lodging-house. Inquire
grocery store, 1030 Folsom st. ¦ •<
Ad&rcsa Cosnnu3i»ticn» io
JOIiy SlcXA UGHTr ; ; *?&*. ''-- Manager
W. J.~~MAKTIX Cus fo^L.MgH?5?
TCU^PYIONXL
Atk for THK CALL: The Operator Will Con-
nect You With lUe l>L;)U.-::!:t:nt You « »n-
IMblicatun Office Market snd Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooa:i 211 lo Eteveascn rt.
XfeKvered by Carriers. 20 Ctm. Per We-k. 75
Cti. rsr i:c.::h. Biccte Cople* * c . u ;,..^
"crn.« Ly ilail lr.cludius fcitsse tCasli \\ t.r.
OrtoJ :
DAILY call Cnclud. fcuudav). I year:..$S.w
DAILY CALL (inc&A. Sunday). C roos... 4.W
DAILY CALL — By bir.^le Month *'¦*-
BITXDAY CALL. 1 Y<-ar =-oJJ
tVEEITXr CALL. 1 Year £*;«
foreign /gffifc;We«.£K
rofcTACi.. \ Weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POaTJJASTEHS ARE ACTHOttlZKO
to receive Bunscaxvnojia.
fcamj.;«f CopSe* ulll I* forwarded »hea re-
cueited.
JUail subscribers in crOerln* change o. c<l-
<!re*6 ehouid be particular to give both NLH
AX1) CLtt ADLiKESS in order t-> insure a
prczapt and correct comyiiaiice with their rt-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C;C Broadway Telephone Main 10SU
BZHKELEl* OFFICE:
21 iS Center ijtr**t Te:ephcne North .^
WASHINGTON '."CORESPONDENT:
EAMUa, W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wsldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brcntano. 31
Union Squar*-: Horny Ulll Hotel; Fifth -avenue
Hotel „* «^an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehertnan Hcuw; P. O. News Co.: Gr»at
Northern Hot*!: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
HottJ; rainier House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KRCOXESS. Marquette Hutldirg.
CLcr.g Distance Te> rjlione. "Central 2519:")
NEW TOKIC REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN li cMITH 30 Tribune Building
'¦]¦¦/ ..¦:-. •
Nrw YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market -and Third street*: open until
12 o'clock every right in th- year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ions Market street, opposite Fifth; op»n until
Jl p. tn.
f27 Montgomery street, corr.er Clay: open until
8:30 p. tn.
S00 Hayes ntreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
«s» McAllister street: rpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin 5trt*-t: open until 9:30 p. m.
JS>41 Mi>sion Etrept; ojvn until 10 p. m.
1C« Elev«r.:h street: np*n until 9 p. m.
lCW: Valencia etr**-t: open until 8 p. m.
Nortfceatt correr Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. nn.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 8 p. m.
lOSETIKP NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commantfcrj' No. I. K. -SSlfl:
T. — A!i merabcrs ar» hereby notified Bftj
to assenatle in full Templar uniform. YrQ
mounted, at the loot of Market St.. ir
froia 6 to S o'clock SUNDAY MORN-
ING, t-eptember 4, and MONDAY MORN-
ING. September 5, for crcort duty.
C. M. PIA'M Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
?AN KRANCIPcn Chapter No. 1. Royal «
Arrh MaFcns. m«-<ts THIS EVEX-V^
I.VG. t.jsir.ct o only. /VS
H. G. l'KINCE. Secretan'.
OCCIDENTAL Lo^ce No. 22. F. and A O
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, atV*f
7 o'clock. Stated meetmc /VN
tT ALTER G. AXPEBSOX; Secretarj'-
HKRilA.VN Ixdse No. 127. F. and A O
11— Stated nic-etin; THIS DAY (Mon-VY
<i«.y>. September 5. XUQi, =t S o'clock /V\
p. rr.. Ey rrder of the W M.
L SCHt.'MACHER. Secretary.
THK regular monthly ~Z^^~^^Z~~
fc7::;o 'o c'ock ' v . m ' \ —^^^STl y tB i
full attendance i« re- "^^ ****^ mm
querud. J. I. SPHAI^ Secretary.
THE anmial meetlnr of the stockholders of
the Eierra Railway Con:pany of California
»ill t* hold it the -.faces of the company.
No. 2V9 Crocker buildine. City and County
tf San Francisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the Mh f".ay oT February, 1004. at
tte hour of 11 o'clock a. re., lor the purpose
-of ? electing ilittctors tor the ensuing year
ar.d th* transaction cf such o:h«?r business as
% iray come before eald meeting. Datei ul
Ean Francisco, Ca!.. January 2-i. 1904.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The ebove meeting adjeumed until April
ll'.h. iyC4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. S. UW4. S. Di FRESHMAN. See'y.
Th» above meeting adjcurnf-J until July
11th. ::i04. at II o'clock a. a.
April 11. 13f4. S. D. FRESHMAN*. Sec'y.
The above meeting aujourned until Septem-
ter 12th. J304. at 11 o'clock a. m.
July 11. I9Q4. B. D. FREtHMAN. Sec'y.
'THE sur.ua! meeting cf -he btoclihoiders of
U:<» Dairrmca'* Union cf California will be
held at the office cf said ur.ion. Ncs. 124-
12f-128 Davla et., San Francisco., Cal.. on
McnCay. the 12th day <if Seytembrr. 10O4.
at 1 o'clock p. m. of raid day. for the pus-
pos« cf tlt-ctirur a beard of directors to
t*r\* for the yrar and for the trans-
action of such otfcpr business as may come
before The rr<>Pt!ng. F. V. NELSON, Sec.
THE California D?brlt Commission having re-
ceived application to mln* by hydraulic prn-
<c*r*t Iron M'ke Corccraa Placer Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Star mine, near Dutch Flat.
Placer Ccur.ty. Cal.. draining Into the Little
Bear River, which reaches Feather River.
Itives notice that a meeting to receive any
protects win b» held at room 0C. Flood build-
ing. San Frar.circo. Cai.. September 10. 1904.
Et 1 :"0 p. ra.
AGENTS WANTED/
BOOK agents^ — We offer larg-ert variety, best
tertat. en all subscription bocks. Write or
call on THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg,
6. .F. "Any Bcok," now cr holidays.
I'P-TO-DATE agents, cltfcfr m; «Us at sisht ;
u«cd in every borne: btg oomml«*ion. 10M
Wathir.rton st. Office 7 ard S. Onkinnd.
ATTOBITETS-AT-ItAW.
R. \r. KING. Attcr=ej--at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Ctb Cocr: entrance room Cll: established 15
year*; a!! case?, general ' court and office
practice; no fee In advance or fcr consulta-
tliw.; evenincs by arpcintmect. Tel. lied 3601.
ADVICE free on sll legal matters; divorces a
tj*c:alty; private, quick: M pay in advance:
miring ierr.par.if-s otjrani:ri;iiatents obtained
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t.; ett«b. ZZytB.
AEV1CE free: divorce co*t« 112; quick, quiet;
all law fcusicet-B; no chai-gc unless succ?e»-
fa!: oper. e-i-er.inc?. 027 Market, room 2U1.
' COLLECTIONS. attii.ciin-.rr.is. mechanic's
Hem. probate. «er.atjt» ejected. Attorney, 632
Market et.. room 23.
OXVORCE — Costs, 112: <;-n-k. quiet: advice
free; all law burine**; no charge unless suc-
cessful: open evenings. 827 Market, rcom 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cost*' >12: ro free or
coets In advance: =!! law huMnew; off!;-
open Eitarday cveniass. 810 Market Et.. r.33.
U 6. CLARK. H27 Market, r. 304: consultation
Iree; no Ices in r^i-atsre; epen evening*.
]?ATCNTS obtnlnert: informstien furnished for
•tie of patents. SOXXTAG Ajscaey. 214 Pins.
Columbian Law & Collection Ageccy. r. S5. 91«J
Market: tftl.Jctn C22C: tolicits your business.
FC>UR cj-llr.der Toledo, perfect condition. eUo
Ra^nbler tourinz car to trade frr real es-
tate, UiJtsjoriii cr otiisr collaternl. Sox
1143. Call office.
RAMELirn auto for *al<*. SIC.'-O: -first-claes
condition. AddrcF.s box 1301. Call office,
WILL trade lot in Frt:i:va:» for n-.otcr cycle.
Room 30, £21 Broadway. Oakland.
t2vtO — FOR mle — 2d hand. 2 seotcrt. eteam sur-
rey. ttutorccMle. 143 Phr^an bldff.
ASrSKA CTJgE.
I 131 NOLA'S Aelhma Ilen>edy relieves fns>tant-
Iy; 10c. 25c. bOc.. 1CC2 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wlthart. 10th ar.d Washinrtou Oakland.
BIF.33. DOSS. ETC.
YOfNG ta;i:!ra T3rra'.r. ?5 rp.cb; <!cp*. mon-
k^*e. b!ri3f cc^f-s. toMSsii In fniier!' va-
r:«ty. Ste catalopae, W. Dirtrlj". ITAH Ml:t.
HAUTZ Mountain canarif-s Jt African pray par.
rots, ivxi. received. A. C. Hob^nn, .'>3j Kearny.
BOOKS
SCHOOL book*, old and new, bought and scld.
Z>ALT & CVRRAN, SS7 Geary st.
, JBUSUirESSCHAIJCES^ r.
A— $2LCoT XlOTiiL with 27 lurn'.shod rooms
ienn the bay: 3 years' leas*; rent $75: busi-
nes!« first «.'i.i£S, paying; finest, location in
fcood bu3'ncrs tov.n. It. G. WILKE. 2C',i
Keamy et. ¦'.
A— S3C0: CORNER ealoon on Fourth et.: rent
$::0: livins room!: lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
2'JVi Kearny tt. •
A— $!C30: DAIRY produce, brahch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; dally rc-
rei|>ts about $35: busines* clears from $150
to f^iX» per month. Call It. G. WILKE. 26 1 ,*
Mearny et. .' ; '.-;•;¦;
A— 52CO0; HALF Interest • In e".d-ci!tiblls^eJ
commission store; butter, ckrh and country
prcducr; a pocd business; rtiirinir partr.tr to
l<ave this rity; a rare chancJ for pjod man.
Sf^c K. G. WILKE. 20 ?i Kt-diny tt.
A— 512CO; COHNEU caloon on Kolsom st.; rent
S'2C; place OoinK a first-class paying business.
See H. G. WILKE, 2C>A Kearny St.*
A— 517:,O; CAKSRYJ estab. n:iny years: daily
r*ceirts $30; baking 3'i barrels dayrvery best
locat'n. Particulars R.G. WILKE. 20^ Ktarny
A— $1230— COFFEE and tea store with mule of
customers, licrse, wagon, etc. ; in best busi-
ness town acrcss the bay; full value In ci^ht;
a weU-establlfrhed.and good-payir-s business.
See It. G. WILKE, 26>i Kearny st,'
A— 5ir.C«i; CORNER saloon; in choice location
of the Mission: rent $20; place e*tablishcd
many yearn: doing -a good-paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2(J>£ K-arny st. ,f.;.T-
S20C0— BARBER shep; 4 chairs: elegant flx-
ti:re6 ar.d clearlns at least $50 per week;
jent $73, including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
ii. WILKE. 2'o'i Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fency grocery; 4 nice living looms; rent $-5:
daily receipts about $20; best location north
"f Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 20:i
K?crny ct.
A— $2200: ROADHOL'SE: the test In Sonoma
Cuunty; bcusa cf 0 room?, orcharj, etc.; 4Vi
yccrt.' >ase; Investigate at once: a rare
chance. K. <i. WILKE, 261^ Kearny st.
A— $lS00; CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chronicle buildlnp: lease; one of the 'jest lo-
cations in this city; rare chance, fc'te R.
G. WILKE, 20^4 Kearny Bt.
A — $C0(.'0; SALOON, one of the best on Market
St.; 4 1» -year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
«antly "fitted up and never clearing l#ss than
S330 V-er month. See R. G. WILKE, L'B'/i
Keamy st. '¦ ,» *.:
A— $2CG<1; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
rii*h?d rocms, dininj and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 co-.vs : 3-year lease. See R. G.
WILKB. 2C 1 ! Kearny st.
A — £20<XJ; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place cstabl. years; doing a good-paying bust-
ness: lrase; sickness of owner compels him
to sacriflce. R. G. WILKE, 2G',j Kearny st.
A — $3300; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
ft.; rent £00: liviny rooms; stock will in-
voice abcut $2S00; a well established and
firfct -class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^j Kearny s.t. V.-T-*".
A — $330: CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value In sight; a good business.
See K. G. WILKE, 26 1 ,;. Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufactures town of San Mateo Co.;
cish trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See It- G. WILKE, 26»i Keamy st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch"
and sacrifices; faloon established years: a
first-class laying place. See R. G. WILKE,
20 J .i Kearny st.
A— ?<<*): CORNEH saloon in wholesale district;
rent $30; rlace duinc a fine business: sur-
rounded bv wholesale houses; no night or
Sun0:;y work. H. G. WILKE, 26>.£ Kearny.
A — $.^3f!0: ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; t>lac<; must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See It. G.
WILKE. 2C?i Kearny st.
THE SAWYER-ELETHEN CO..
Ills Market st.
' Business Exchange, Keal Estate and Loans.
$?50 — Restaurant; good location; seats SO;
everything in fine condition.
$1250 — Rooming-house; 23 rooms, all full;
four blocks from this offle? ; clears $100.
$100— Cigar stand; fine place for young
man.
$130 — Cigar ttand: worth double the money.
$5000 — Meat market: clears $500 per month;
invite close investigation.
$*0C0 — Grocery and delicatessen; on cor-
ner; 3 livinr rooms; 'clears $250 per month.
$1000 — Groceiy;* fctock will invoice amount
«5ked.
S27. r - — Cipar stand; fine location.
$11.000 — Furniture and hardware; low rent.
J2500 — Restaurant; seats 70; newly refur-
nished. .--".•'
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description. dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher t*iop._ delicatessen, branch
bakery. cir«r stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser lor what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 41S-41D; telephone Folsom 346S.
SALOONS, roadhoupcs: all prices; free list.
HEDGES. 309 Parrott bldg./ >>25 Market Bt.
CIGAR stands— ?150 to $2000; all parts city:
40 to self-ct from: free list. HEDGES, 500
Parrott building, S25 Market it.
STATIONERY, candy, bakery, delicacy, gro-
cery stores: 150 to select from; free list.
HEDGES, 509 Parrott bldg.. S23 Market St.
BREWERY, and bottllne wciks for tale, very
reasonabio, or will, take a partner who can
take<cha>ge of the busine&s: a good and com-
plete works and a Rood trade, wholesale and
retail. SEAL. ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market St.. rooms 418-419. Tel. Fol-
som 34CS.
FOR rslc at a sacrifice and agrocable terms.
cr tc lease for 5 cr 10 years: a fine located
homo and established health resort, 27 rooms;
Keveral mir.rral springs on it; old age the
tausfr. Kor rartirulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING. Bartlett Springs.
Lake County. Cal.
$2000 — PARTNER in wholesale and retail wood
and coal business in most prosperous inte-
rior city; horses, wagons \ and all lmprove-
rrcnts; owner there for years; large trade.
OAKLAND BUSINESS AGENCY. 1108 Web-
ster st . cor. Twelfth, Oakland. ,
$1200 — RESTAURANT and oyster house;" one
o? the best across the bay; most desirable
class of custom; owner compelled to 6ell ac-
ccunt of b»inc employed in other business;
pf-nuine offrr: best in Us line to-day. Apply
110?> Webster st.. Oakland.
$150 — PARTNER: need partner more than
ir.or.'y; call at once. See BE-R3, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOI"SE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $30. See F. BERG. 31S Kearny st.
BEFORE yo-J buy. or sell, call and see me.
P. BERO. :tlS Kenrn.v et.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing • firm
desir»s »;ervices of reliable, energetic part-
ner with f75(»; large and increasing profits;
no competition: pt-rmanent; cteaUy income;
txpeiiencc unnecessary. Box 4CS7, Call office.
FOR rale — In Lcs Angeles, a well paying fam-
ily liquor store, which also does some Job-
bing trade with saloons; In one of b»st lo-
cations; price S300O. Address E. ISRAEL,
Ibl2 W. Seventh st., Los Angeles.
FO11 sale — The furnishings and leas? of a
hotel in live town near San Francisco: ccn-
tain'.rg 23 bedrooms. 3 parlor*. 3 diningr-
rcorrs. kitchen, pantry, barroom, card rooms,
etc. Box 1127. Call office.
A — $2500 SECURES position as manager for
practical ¦machinist in profitable city busl-
ncts; Investment amply secured. Address
bcx,K)8. Call effice.
$15f»— VARTNER in an honest business that
will pay you $100 per month with your ser-
vices: eho:t houre; investigate. 1130 Market
Et., office 2. *
ATTENTION— If you wish to dispose of your
restaurant, taloon. grocery or hotel, call on
Ui>. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY. 1108 Webster, cor. 12th. Oakland.
LOCKSMITH, electrical and general repair
fchop. one of the best located In' the city.
; at a bargain: owrer retiring. Box 1140,
; Ca'.l office.
RESTAURANT for sal* in a busy town near
San Frr.r.cisco; will ecat BO people; with
rnoa:s cbov*. furnished; rent fcr whole placo
$70; will ceil for $17CO. Bex 8S9. Call office.
! FOU PALE— The best located. country hotel In
, California :. will sell property , aad furniture
a: a bargain: clcorc $900 per year, above
1 expenses: price/ $10.000. '¦ Box JiCS. Call.
FOR s.ile — Old-fstabllshed stationery.' and pc-
:i<--<JlcaJ butinfw. v.'i'.h a long lease; on, ac-
count of sickness of ow:ier. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F., News Co.. 342 Geary et. -
$900— RESTAURANT for sale, on, a principal
business street . and ; near ¦ Market st..- with
rooms upstairs; this is a good stand.-- Box
1200. Call efflce.
FLATS TO 1ET — Continued.
XEwVresfdio Heights flats: 3333 and 3335 Sae-
ramento st. ; sun in every room: 6 room* and
bath; 20, minutes from Market and tddy;
owner on'premiseg. 10 to 4.
BUSH. 2384— Desirable upper flat, « rooms aad
bath; rent reasonable.
BRAND now modern' upper flat, 6 rooms aad
bath. 071 Dolores St.. near Twenty-thin^
I CAPP lo«C — New sunny flat, « rooms and
bath; rooms all frescoed; warm belt.
CHURCH, 2C5. corner Market— Desirable wp-
per flat. 0 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
ELEGANT upper flat. 6 larse. nunny rooms
and bath: rent reasonable. 1737 Page st.
LARGEST list of houses aad flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAR 11C Montgomery »t.
FREDERICK. 4B-4A— That new, elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toilets: mod.plumblng;$-» w.
NATOMA. 714— Flat * sunny rooma; large
yard; rent $14. __
PACIFIC ave.. 2403. near Fillmore— JTlat of
6 rooms; tun In every room: large garden.
RITCH. 226^4— Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1030. above Powell — A nlc»
modern flat, 5 rocms and bath.
SUNNY upper fiat. 5 rooms, bath and yard. 15
Shotwell St., near Fourteenth; $22 SO.
TO let— $7; 2 large rooms and yard. 728^4
1 Harrison st.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 41 CO. nr. Castro— New mod-
ern sunny urper flat, g rooms, bath. $23 00.
TWENTY-NINTH. 39S3. nr. Noe— Fine sonny
upper flat: 6 r. and h.: cars pass door: $20.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3083. nr. Noe — Fine sunny
upper flat, 6 r. and b. : cars pass door; $20.
WALTER, 64, nr. Duboce Park— Desirable up-
per flat, 6 rooms and bath; Tent reasonable.
PLATS TO LET — TTTBNISHEP.
DEVISADERO. 1627. near Sutter — Modern
handsomely furnished flat of 6 sunny rooms,
reception entrance, and bath; light* fre«;
rent $33. •
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of ttr»
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
daily between 1:30 and B p. m.. 79 Soutfc
Park. » __
TWENTY-FIRST. ¦ 8331. nr. Valencia— Pnr-
nlahed flat; 4 rooms, bath, laundry: «anny.
yUBJTISgEP.
NOB Hill new flat to let; present tenant will
sell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 12S4
California st. v
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-room modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 daily. 824 Geary «t.
FOR sale — Very reasonable: furnished flat of •
rooms. .112 Jesslo st.. near Sixth.
MCALLISTER. 1343 — Elegantly furnished T-
room flat. Apply mornings.
nrBJUTUBE ros sau.
FOR sale — Furniture for 2 rooms and kitchen;
all In first-class order; will be sold reason-
able on account cf giving up housekeeping.
Call at store, 905 Folsom at.
FOR sale — Parlor set and 100 yards carpet.
Apply at 220 Thirteenth St.. between Howard
and Mission. %<- ;¦¦¦
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 43'J Valencla.nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3379.
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur.
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission ;tel. Bush SIX
A FOLDING bed, S3: top mattresses. $2 30.
ANDERSON'S. 19 Turk st.. Just off Market.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 M
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Pot it.
XT7R.HXTUUS WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jeasle 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until ycu get his estimate.
SECOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1115 Ml«-
sicn St.; phone Folsom 2713.
PISTAJTCIAI..
40 SHARES of S. F. bank stock for sale at
less than cost; must be sold. Box 1376.
Call office. Oakland.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — PACIFIC College, teacnes hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; give 9
hours' practice a day; add parlor practice to
schooling: secure positions; day and evening
classes; absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 Powell »L
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught fro'm start to finish,
in one month for $13: positions as trimmers,
salesladles.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wlc up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.r. 13.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS OJJ OVER-
ALLS AND COTTONADE PANT3.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGU
AND GROVE STS.
FINISHER on cloaks and suits: steady work;
good wages. L. MINK & CO.. 109 St-m
Montgomery st.
OPERATORS on cloaks and skirts -wanted at
once; good pay. M. SIMINOFF. 122S Market. *
WANTED — A lady to assist elderly lady; tal-
ary $10 a month. Call 1529 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats. Rm. 2. 3d
floor. 3 Hardle pi., off Kearny, bet-Sut.&Bsh.
A GIRL wanted for housework and cooking*.
1342 McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p.m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL for cooking and general housework,
small family. $30. 1238 Sherman at.. All-
meda. Morton station, narrow gauge; call
after Monday.
WANTED — A young girl for light housework:
no cooking or washing; good home: wage*
$10 a month. 1509 Fell st. ; phona Faf9 42A.
GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new Joy sys-
tem dresscuttlng. JOHNSTON. 131 Post,
room 2.
A PIE and cako baker In delicatessen, wltli
reference. 307 Van Ness ave.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adnlu; no
children. 2305 Grove St.. Berkeley.
EXPERIENCED restaurant ¦ waitress wanted:
good pay. Address box 931. Call office.
WANTED — Competent girl for upstair* work
and sewing; gcod wages. Apply 2110 Califor-
nia st.
WANTED — Errand girl. 13S Geary st.
TEACHER for country school. Immediately.
oTS Parrott building.
A FRENCH girl for general housework; good
wages. Address 2114 Flllraore «t.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. "
• 642 Commercial St.. near Kearny
Phor.e Bush 833. JOHN L- DRECHSLER
MACHINIST, company work. $60 and fou->d
and increase; .3 cooks, dredger camp and
mine. 8 or f» n*»n each place. $33 and found:
2 farmers. $1 fare. $30 and found: 2 carpen-
ters, north. $90: 10 laborers, new work. $2 23;
15 laborers and tcngsmen. $2 23. $2 SO. pipe-
lino: 23 men or boys to pick hops; half fare,
big money in it. $1 per 10O Ib3: waiter, camp,
$30 and found. Call for list of Jobs.
OPEN SUNDAY 10 to 12.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Asents. 03 Third st.
Laborers, oteam shovel cut. $3 23, fare $3 6(X
Laborers, company. J2. steady wcrk.
Laborers, near city. $2.
Plumber, city. .f4.
Cooks, north, llKV and found.
Fruit workers. San Jos*. $1 and found.
Racch hand, south. T"-3 and found.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES'^RECORD CO
Bookkeeper, knowledge of stenography. $30*
Girl for housework. Presidio. $1 day an a f^
Starch /ironer, Watscnvii'e. *2 a day.
Cook, family of 8. five at lunch, $i» found.
Office open Sunday until 2 p m
600 Hearst building.
WANTED— Single poultryman: must havi. had
successful experience: wages $30 and board-
good steady . place for right party; give full
particulars - as to self. Address E. vam
EVERY. Eden Vale. C*U *^*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1904.
9
MI£Ci:i.LA.an*OP3— POa SAIE-Con.
ELASTIC stockings $2. Factory 107 O'Farrell,
removed from 40 Ellis. J. W. HOPEWELL.
FOR sale — Fine large safe, with steel vault;
almost new. Inquire 334 Hayes st. . ¦,.">;.
A 21ft- EGG Petaiuma incubator for sale cheap:
good as new. 128 Andover ave.
BRICK fcr sale cheap. Apply Dynamite Bat-
tery.^
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted tn
sketch. Eugene Rlley & Sons, I0O Vallejo st.
I A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4' up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 31» Third ;tel.Main 413.
DESKS bousbt, sold and exchanged. T. i D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission -t.; tel. South 311.
BEAUTIFUL I-karat diamond rins $50; worth
$100. GARIN*. 13S Montcoca-ry st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DK.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021*4 MarlMt St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and *e:oail-
hain!. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
MOVING plctur»E, magic lantern.", sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Creek, 131 Post it.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK Sc CO.. 122 Mk.
SAFES — New end second-hand. THE HKT.-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery aC
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a'! sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fi Fremont st
aglSCEIiIiAlfEOTTS WAjgT8.
HiG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, sects' l-'.I <ir»s» suits, etc.; «<;nd
postal car<J. LICHTEN3TEIN BIIOS.. 23
Eioi'kton st.
TALKING machines, guitars, etc.; easy pay-
ments; month's piano rent free. BRUENN,
225 Gutter St.
WHAT will you give in exchange for a kall-
Sranh typewriter in perfect condition? Box
11C4, Call office.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gent's castoff cloth-
lng. etc. Tel. Davis $?T>; «M Sacramento st.
HIGHEST prices for ladlea", gentlemen's cast-
off clcth.. etc. 922 Folsom st.; tel. Fol. 3322.
T1LTON wants good sei-cnd-haad clothing and
theatrical good*. 154 ftth «t. : t»1. 'fm-i* 2KS1
f}f t MO^ET TO •COAjT. '
AAA— HERMAN
uOl-arj-eo;. Examiner building.
Quick settlements; do d»sa.ppotniments.
fare expenses by dealing tiirectiy.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments ef rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldtntiaL
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
_______
, A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on reat estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate ot iterest.
Give full DarUcul_rs
of crocerty or chattels.
Locatioa, etc.
Box 490. Call offlce.
YOU Will Need Money for the
Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO..
906 Mutual Savings Bank Building.
Is making liberal advances
On salarlt.8; confidential.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. >."_;. Loan Co.. S2ti Parrott bd<
SALARY LOANS— ~~ ~~ "~
Money leaned salaried people without secur-
ity er indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment,
call and get terma. Drake. 433 Parrott bld£.
A — ON furniture or planes at lowest rates; no
removal, no publicity; also on real estate;'
1st cr 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 3U Geary, room .t«.*
HIGHLY (expectable private place to obtain
literal adtances on diamond*. Jewelry, at 2-
p«r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Star*
S-tti Market; tel. Main 1U44. Branch 13 Third.
MONEY leaned trt aalarteU people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bear41ng-houses, without
urcurity; easy payments; Urge business la W
. principal cities. ToUcan, 533 Parrott bldg.
I ~
I MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. !)07 Market »t.
LOANS FBOM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on turntture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity: $23 up; quick.
' quiet, confidential. 2«J Montgomery St.. rm._i.
MONEY to loan at low interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, ix-atis and precious *ton«» bough'.
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried peupl«
just en their note; easy payments. 500 Rl»:-
to bldz.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies. «tc. United Loan ar.d
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, irdor*ed notes dnd other security, a.
F. Discount Aeency. 143 Phelun "mlldlng.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. OOg Mutual Bank tldg
ON r*al . estate and chattels E. TV. HCK
lOfci Mutual Sav. Bank bid*-.. 70S Market St.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sar. Bk. bldg.
I ALL loan.* on diamond* and jewelry 2 per cent
I mo - S- *"¦ CclIat«ral?Loan Bank. S3V Kearnr
3% ON furniture Jfe pianos; $15 up: no removal;
_____• V ' TREMAI>: - r ooni St. « Eddy s'_
CASH loan««d salaried people on notes without
lndonrer. MORRELL. firt-» Examiner building.
MUSICAL rK3TaiTM_:?TTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
ptanc* lor »mall rooms, medium six* for
average rooms, big piatios for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
some at *2. a Urge number of good ones at
$2 30 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo. <the best instrument offered for the
mon-y in S. F.); a fine lire of elegant large
pianos fcr $4 and $5 per mo. ; over $130 in-
struments to select frora. al! of them good
bargains to buy a» w^ll as rent: one year's
rental allowed off purcha*e price. SCOTT-
CURT AZ PIANO CO.. CtO-fr* Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHT?— Easy Payments.
Erard, small upright for practice $40
Woodworth and Allovon. splendid order.. 63
Neumann, mahogany cats, a bargain 125
£h«rman. Clay & Co.. good order 133
Grovesteen & Fuller splendid ord»r . . 145
BENJ. CURTAZ Sc SON. Ml O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase: lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety, of
new pianrs; all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers bere.
A George Steck upright grand : elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung, 210 McAllister.
SECOND-hand piano, $125. BACTIGALUPI. "»«
Mission st. •
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b* ',
told: $135. 237 Geary *t. J
A LOT unredeemed storahe planes funsiture.
dirt cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1C38 Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good zs
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy plane?. Oecellan piano
.player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay- :
_jr.ents. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister et.
3- PEDAL Stein* ay up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoninsrer. little used. Kwlte's. 2S5 O'Farreil.
f OrPICTS AMI) STOSES TO LET.
LOWER part of 425 Sutter st. ; suitable for
business purpeses.'
__PHTSICIAWS AWD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and~reslde_ce]
1021*4 Market St., bet.. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. sMn and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 *¦, Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past fcor years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary et.. near Leavenwortn.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls-.
eases cured, by Chinese herbs. 74tf-8 Clay at.
PTJECHASrSTG AQEUCECS.
CLARA E. JBWETT. purchasing- agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-'
ed. 3568 17th St.. San Francisco. TeL Capp S58
HEX? "WAS Tip — MAT.E — Ccatiantd.
-TKE IJLXO OF 'SOLD.
-vhcre ths ; syy > shixes , the year
UND. AND, WITH ENTERPRISE. A
* SAN Vr\NCI£CO
THROWN TVinr. OPEN HER GOLDEN GATE
v'r £^a^ I f :^i:k' AT SHE !™
SAN FRANCISCO
AT THE GATEWAY OF 1XOHE
TOC £IP. KNIGHTS
KCLD IN THE PALiI OF TOUR II WDS
THE COMMERCE" CF THE WORLD.
"KTSTWISH YOU A LONG AND HAPPY
Respectfully,
MURRAY &. READY.
A— ilCRRAT & RZADT. C£4 and CSS Clay st.
Phcne Main SS4S..
Leaiicc Employment and Liber Agents.
W« s^ak the German. French. Italian.
Scardinaviin. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
X.«sl:s& lang-jagea.
MC3 W« Gav« 1004 We Hope to
C0.00O Jiea Work. Increase ttu.COu.
MECHANICAL.
4 be=ch hands, plasing milt. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN. MAKE TABLES. $3 day.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city, $2 0MT*
2 truth makers, fare $1. $1 20 per M.
12 IRON M0LDEP.S.
15 cocpera. tight and stack work.
MURRAY & P.EADY.
<£4-636 Clay st.
labof-ers and teamsters.
S3 two-horse teamsters, new work, tare $3 20
ccrpcnjilcn own work. $iJh.
OIL WELL DISTRICT.
25 laborers, special eyn-iicate Job. $57 50.
MONTEHEY.
23 laborers to- day, see us. $<57 50.
MURRAY A READY.
_^ «34-<>6 Cay ft.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
PLANING MILLtf. BOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SECOND DONKEY MAN. $&> f=und.
- DcnJccy fore rr an. snipe legs, cat brusn, $00 f d.
HEAD UNEMAS, $73.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 Isjboncsj icr lumber co.. fart» $2 $C0 fJ.
*^> U.twrers : nulls yard; NORTH $W)
ZZ libcrcri for woods and camps; NORTH. $60 !
HELP CUILD IT.
sbcr^rs to cct brush away; h»lp build
P. K. frcm saTrnv.:; to wools; fare $?, $<30.
LOOK. BOYS.
23 ho; s cr rwtBC men work in bot. factories.
$38 ANf $.V. FD.. NORTH.
1CZ we* ichcijpCT. toois, etc., FURNISHED j
roa you.
MXSKAY 4: P.EADY.
<£>*-*»* Clay st.
toanssv-acrxES.
'.'- machine miners; gold QUARTZ $l>0
!* dude vrc<?rs; boa* htre....$73 to $.1C 3w
LOOK.
I» !j.b-irer» or young rutn t.> learn mining;
to j-tart. 530 ii.; go<>d chance for YOU.
MCRHAY «. BEADT. C34-C3Q Ola? st.
I". ITALIANS OFJ AU.STUIANS.
i •'• - PANIAItDi— MEXICANS.
SCi'iOMY ± READY. CJ4-CM; Clay st.
LOS ANGELEV
fc"AN BERNARDINO ar.d lilVEEiTDE DIST.
th.- LsnJ ct iunstiine. FRUIT and FLOW-
EKS.
BY TP.AIN. SANTA FE R. R.
*i 90 FARE. THAT'S ALL.
Z'^Z> :v. j surf four horse tearnyters JOO
MURRAY & READY.
tt34 and <Ki> Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
&LTCHEP. AND OTHER DEPT.
C -ck, 2u sea, mine. $40 CobsO.
l!? cocks. diCerect hotels, camps. cafes,
r..:n^E. saloer,*. ranches, etc., $3C'. $40, $30 to
S*o s.nd found.
WAITERS.
5 waiters, came hotel, rare $1 GO. $33 found.
12 waiters. diSerent city and cccctry Jobs.
18 DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS.
EEDMAKERS. BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS
LAUNDRY.
2 starch lrosers, $12: ironer, $15.
8 butchers, shep and elaughter-hcuse wark.
$40. $30 found.
Eassage niajcer, $14: experienced boce name
$1*- MURRAY A- READY,
534 and «&> Clay st.
FAF.ilS. DAIRIES.
43 £'2ere=t ranch hands. $2tJ. $30. $33 fcund.
• d'kers, *30. $33 found
FRUIT PICKERS.
19 chore beys and men. $15. $20. $25. $30 fd
COACHIIEN— GARDENEP.S — STABELMEN
16 stitlersen. city, country Jobs. $75. $<50J
S30 ' ¦»- z
Beys, learn trades. x*~A stores, etc
MUP.RAY & P.EADY. 634^336 Clay st.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete Cn'-ssers. mine buildings, fare
paid. $4 CO day.
GASOLINE ENGINEER— $12 WEEK.
4 plasterers, free fare ccth ways, $4 50 day.
« painters. f2 3o day.
BAKERS.
Foreman bak«r. r23 and found.
5 bench har.da. $17 week.
EELLBOY, $C5 AND FOUND.
Steward, country tnstitation, $30 ac-I found.
LAUNDRY.
Pollster, iP!C»r ar.d rtarcher. fare $1. $2 50
day; marker and distributer, north, $IS wk.
Man to tend tar. take cash hotel, etc.. $33
acd found.
WAITERS. BARTENDERS.
¦Waiter, nice restaurant, fare paid. $33 ti.
Ctsp waiter, ranch, far* |1. $23 and found.
Mtn run iusch counter, sosth, salccn. $10
week and fo«ni3.
Ock and m-lfc fcr country hospital. *a*y
jcb. $4"> asd tmasA.
5 rammers and wi-res. 5Jf«. $T»> and $W fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
"Woodrurncr, b»nch hand.
Fhtarle taw filer, fare K. ?2 50 day.
Plaser man. city bbSU. $3 day.
saw filer, fare S3. *2 to <Iay.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 fcrjiteshoer*, floor and fire, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
23 FHEEP BUTCHERS. tSO.
FIa-j«!:t*r- house helper, fare ?I, S^i found.
Ksife rcan. piffs' feet ehaver. $2 73 day.
XTJBRAY & BEADT. fS^-Cirt clay st.
ARE YOU GOING
K«--p PICKING? HOP PICKING?
Ucrried •* single, young cr o'd. b<->ys or
Kii-U. ramiUe*. COMK ONE. <X)UK ALL.
AND PICK HOPS. $3 day.
Ts.™ a Offtre ft* |L
-fCKBAT A- READY. <S4^3fi Clay st.
MINE DL=TRICT. •
". ;*S'?—r5. fee «. fare *2. $.'U> fcund. I
'.'S twn-sKscM teamsters. I3«> found. . -• !
STUBBAT a. READY. <S4-€3G Clay st.
O'/>'i:rvmext work.
nevada state.
FEff$l. THATS ALL.
H'.'RltAY & liEADY. 634-C3C Clay st.
FACTORY. ~~^
12 Jibor»rv r«S*D »uil. $C0.
MfMAr * «:i:auy. kx-gus clay »t.
ca up enters! ;
12 rnrr*T.Un. fue 2.V. $4 d*r.
H rju-^ecters. rare 2jc, H. M. .Co.. $3 30
to Si day.
~ rough carpenters, city factory, $2 50 day.
'"»rp»rwr. ranch, fare $1 25. $4u and fcund.
tVbeflwrirht. N«va<la. special fare. $60 fd.
•': aivT.tm, private Job. fare ICc. $2 50 d*y.
Z i-arp^r.rj-ns. ctry Job. $3 day.
Iti <arp*nters. ritr j-jb*. $-1. $3 50. $4 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-S3C Clay it.
GROCERY CLERK. $»50.
IA taan used to merchandise rt.jre. fare 50c
t horeican. private re«uS«ntT. 25«r.fare. $23 fd.
12 crap* pack*™. »rt»fre»»t. SI 13 day fd.
Ohcrertan and wife, orchard, boss here. $10
a-.i 1 hi .HiiMiViNjpiMVfrTij-;
Foreman ofl burner for a mine.
T«*mstrr, rxcepltorAlly treed ranch, fart 70c.
150 asfl fcund.
Blacksmith. Nevada, boss here. $W> found.
Pr»s»«- on tent's clothes, city. $2 to $2 23
a day.
lUa to Clstribtrte bills, city corporation, $0 •
j FEBSjOHAjLSj
A — CALL and see cur demonstrators, with one.
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittinxs. etc:
Restore lest contour.
If you derire a fresh, young face, call or
write MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
A FRIEND to you. If you are suffering from
indigestion; send me 23c postal order and I
will sumd you a receipt, one of the best rem-
*edies on earth; pleasant, sure and quick: no
medlrine required. Address G. MOORE, gen-
eral delivery, San Franciscc, Cal.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sore core toe
rbeumatlrm. paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. -t2 Turk St.. S. T.
THE Fiar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, ln>-
provt*: its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
t and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Polk.
Cancerous ls«npe. sores, impure blood (affecting
*kia. mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32* Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free cample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
A— VISITORS, we shampoo, manicure, dress
hair, etc.. cheapest and best in city. 133
Powell st.
IMPORTANT TO SPECULATORS.
Before Investing your money consult "Lucky
Hours," for sale at all book stores.
FRANCIS X. GALEN, formerly of Philadel-
phia. Pa. — Communicate at once with Joseph
L. Galen, Grand Hotel. San Francisco.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR .'
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. O. S.MOORE. 332 O'Farrell at.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5O
down and $t 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURF. CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
CONSULT "Lucky Hours" before starting any
business; for sale at all book stores.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vic sktn food for
the body. 325 Ellis st.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Katca. 339 Sutter. Miss Eaton. a33 Oeary.r.3».
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market •*.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 73. Fred Wagner. S30 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, yon will find best hair
tonic {n the wcrld at 1S10 Putter st.
ELEGANT suit to crder A 1 ex. pair pants.$l3.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr-
dresslng parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$230. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $T 50; dress pasts $2 5a
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush r.nd Dupcnt.
MASQUERADE costume?, play bock*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM*S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all draevtsts'.
FAUSZSTBT.
M5IE. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. reveals facts
that wtll astonish you. portrays events, de-
scribea enemies; advice given. 47SA Turk st.
pa.TEirra. - _ _ -_
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bid?.. 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS. -- :
NOTICE is hereby eiven that sealed bids wil»
be received until 2 o'clock p. m.. Monday,
September 12. 1904. by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the city ot Phoenix.
Ar'.zcna, for the sale of ten bonds of th»
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 'iO. inclusive, bearing dat<
of January 1, 19*M. due and payable Jan-
uary V, 1054. bearing interest at the rale of
5 rer cent (5^i) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona, -in accordance with the pro-
v!?ion3 of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-scconJ
1 Legislatlve-Ass^rcbly of said Territory, aad
which act bas been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the s«cond lasne of the loan authoriz-»<J
by z.iid art. Interest on said bond* will
bp r>aid seml-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest payable In gold colp
of the United States at the offlce of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
ot the s> mount bid. payable to the order ot
E. E. KirklanU. Territorial Treasurer, and
a cory of thU advertisement must aceom-
iany each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment In full upon allotment and tender
r.t bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid anJ the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board r;server
the right to reject «ny and all bids. 3ld3
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and mark M
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds;" GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies— Office
Depot Quartermaster. 38 Nfl» Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal.. September 8. 10rt*.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received at thU
office until 10 o'clock a. m.. September 23.
1004. Pacific standard time, and then opened.
far furnishing and delivering . at the .San
Francisco Depot. California, stationery,
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint, oil. etc. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any
or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be lur-
nished en application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked. "Proposals for
Quartermaster f-uppliss No. 6970." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
master, U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. September 3. 1904—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. in.. October
5. 1004, and thm opened, for the construction
of an additional story to Administration
buildlrr of ' General Hospital. of
Sun Francisco. Cal.. Including plumbing,
heating and wiring.
Government reserves the right to reject
cr accent any or all bids. In whole cr In
part. Information' furnished on application
to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
master General, Chief Quartermastsr.
STORAGE AITS WAREHOUSES.
A^GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse. G.G. asd Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; t-1 South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storssre .t Van Co. : furniture
household goo<l» stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard ft., nr. Third: phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van sod Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.:
Thone Mint r>4t; JOHN F. COOPER, prea. ;
tumiturs- moved, packed, shipped and stored
PIEKCK-RODOLPH Storage, & Moving Co.. of-
fice "Post and Powell sts. : teL Pri. Ex. 571.
CCNKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. S40
Minion St.; teL Howard Ml. F.W. Zehfass.
PACIFIC Storag* and Furniture Moving Com-
reny. 2320 Flllmoie st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BKKINP Van and Storase Co.. II Montgomery
st.: teJ. Main ISW. Shlppin* »t cut rates. 1
WUSDOWS TO VIEW PARADE. |
WINDOW? to rent en Market st.. cor. Fifth. '.
for viewing parade. Apply room 10. 1 Fifth, j
3 large, double windows: fine view; party or
single: reas. Mrs. McDowell. 1010 Market.
A FINE view of parade: 3C5 Kearny St., corner
Bush: »1 person: call en third floor. .¦
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Bay window; party or
single; also steps. Sept. 5 and 6. .
LARGE bay window to rent for parade. 1104
Market st.; room 33.
GORE, corner Market. Powell and Eddy sts.;
targe bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 5.
3 FINE windows to view the parade; full view
of Market st. S Ettls st. '
SEWING KACSOIE3 A2TD SUPPLIES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix T We wtll
trade you a new one for It. Visit the new re-
tail offlce of the White Co.. 015 Market St..
and see the great collection of machine art
work now on exhibition: 1000 new Whites for
rent: best machines on earth.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us*; best
1* chsar-st; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowe.it rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, tfce b-st second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. *3. $$; guaranteed; where the
dolls awlnc in the window. .¦ IQfil Market »t-
T1ATI. " -
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: writ* , for U.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2S3L
$17CO FOR a choice buUding lot. 27:8x110:
sunny side Union: ready for building: marine
view; cheapest lot 'In W. A.; just what It i»
assessed for; must be sold; fine lot for 2
flats; a splendid buy. W. J. GUNN, 5."a>
California st.. Savings Union building.
$9?0 EACH— 2 lots, 23x120; east side, the side
that so many want to buy on. Eleventh ave-..
223 feet south from Point Lcbos ave.; well
located: graded; street graded, macadamized
and sewered; will sell on installments; small
amount first payment; If you are looking for
a lot to build on be sure to see these lots.
W. J. GUNN. 330 California St.. Saving*
Union buildlnz. • • v
$3750 — GOOD business corner, one of the best
in Richmond; NE. cor. Clement st. and 10th
ave.. 32:«xlC0: very likely will be transfer
corner. W. J. GUXN. 330 California st..
Savings Union bulldinc. 'm^
ONLT A TE\- LEFT.
Jl 23 PER WEEK.
, NO INTERS3T-
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school: not far from th«
Mlssioc-st. electric cars; secure one as a a
investment and by the time It Is paid for 1:
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
bow before prices become prohibitive ia tills
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
!6 Montgomery «*-. r. 8. . Phone Mats 3704.
ATTENTION. KNIQHT3 TEMPLAR.
own a lot in California!
I The California terminus of the Santa Fe
: Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Li at
Richmond. Just acroe* the bay frac San Fraa- I
Cisco. These corporations, with the Southern
Pacific Company, are spending millions of dol-
lars there, making it the great manufacturing
city of the West. Make monev.
LOTS $3 PER MONTH.
Call or send frr fre* mass.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Bldg.. S. F.
$3CCC— 2 FLATS. 4 £ 3 r t b: 234 Day st-
$2SC0— t flats. 5 r & b; 221 Twenty- seventh st. j
$Z$OO—H*vr cctta?e. 5 r £ b: Mission & China. |
$2ti00 — New cottage 3 r £ b; 43O 28th st. . 1
$27W— Cottage « r & b: 130 West Park st.
$1100 — Cottage, 4 r & b; 240 Hearst ave.
$JCO— Cottage, 4 rooms; 3 lots: 714 Munich.
$1300 — Cottage. 4 r & b; 303 Manlch st.
Send fcr our auction circular Sept. 17.
D. COFFIN, Mission St., bet. 21st A 22d.
$23CO — SEVEN beautiful lots tn the Mission ;
¦ district; far below the market value; muse
b- sold In a bunch: a splendid opportunity
for sr*culation. Box 1133. Call ©Sice.
HERE Is your chance to get a 4. 5 or 8 rocm
cottage on terms same as rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard, eor. Army and Condon sts.
NEW Colonial houses; 2 flats. S rooms; re-
ception balls each: lot 14x03: $3400; easy
payments. B at. and Third ave.. near Park.
ELLIS STREET HOME. 1314. bet. Devlsa-iero
and Scott; 9 rooms; modern; lot 23x137:6;
inspection to-day between 12 and 4 p. m.
A $2OCO HOME built tfl suit you. let included.
any location, on $1 25 ver week. Mutual
Home Building Assoc!atl«7n. 427 Crossley bld.
DOLORES-ST. boulevard— 2 flats. six and
seven rocms: lot 23x125. Inquire 231 Dolores.
FINE cor. lot in S. F.: T5xS0: frontier three
streets. Ads. E.A.K., Fruitvale ave.. Dimond.
ALL work sruarantecd first class by AHL-
liACH & MAYER, plumbers. 83S Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE— COTjarraT—ror Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 50 per acre; best stcck ranch tn Humboldt
County; on the *lope of the South Fork of the
E*»l Ri\er: 3S>«> acres' grazing land; practically
all fenced* good farmhouse; Urge barn; HO
hea-l nne tattle; 1OW ahetf»; horses, and all
tarmliig Irrrleraents at market crices.
$3300 — 3 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres: 5 acres
vineyard, new buildings; 3-rocm and bath cot-
tage; zocd barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses: see this, and If you want only part of
It wiil s«U unimproved portion at $100 per
acre: if you want to ralsp corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian Rlv*r.
, $205O— 2 miles of iteoma City; IO acres level
garden roll; >'•., acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit: good dwelling, barn, poultry houses;
noise, wagon. ' carts, plowa, ;; aets haruess.
tools, wins press, tanks and casks: furniture:
fir.e crop.
$C5CO — ->4 acres: modern, up to- date house
apil buildings: fenced and cross fenced; nearly
all or< ta.nl; 2 miles of Watsonville.
$32C0 — 10 acres Uvel sanity Icrns; good 4-
rocm house; tine bare; windmill and tank;
water piped over ranch; 5 larg£ poultry houses;
Incubator, 2 brooders ; farming ttxiis; cow; 200
laying hens; easy terms: near Petalnma.
*2CC0— HaU-mll* of Sebastopcl; 10 acres; 2
acres timber ; 4 acre* orchard, balance vine- |
yard; faou**. bam: tn new el«ctric road.
$2tiCO— Near Martinez: 123 acres hill land; 73
acres good piow land: well fenced; house, barn;
family orchard.
$5000 — 23 acres rich sandy loam, near Hay-
wards; rolling: 4 acres vines: 3 orchard, all
tear tag; ta ance hay: elegant 2-story res;d«n.c.
10 rtv,ms. bath; easy terms.
$2i-."</ — :h acres n*ar Watsonville: 20O apples:
C acres tine potatoes: 2 acres timber: balance
grain: 3-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1800— Sonoma City; 4 acres rich dark loam:
all level; orchard; cozy cottage: cement cellar;
barn: windmill and tank: 5 poultry houses: feed
room; 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and win be pleased to
driv«: you around.
fSZOv — Near Santa Rosa: 500 acres: fenced 9
Ks!ds: 12 acrts nila vineyard; 3 acres orchard:
5 Jersey cows: 2 horses; tools; wagons: new S-
room hou**»; 2 barn*; blacksmith shop. We
have l^o i>lac*s en uur list near Sasta Rosa.
i?ee them.
ALFALFA LANDS.
1 $100 per acre — One mile of Modesto: 5 acres
up: '* cash.
J5O per acre — 3 miles of Modesto: 20 acres
us>; !j cash.
JiO pir acre — Near Led;, on the Wocrfbrtdga
canal.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We hav« a large list of completely equipped
.dairies In the best section of Humboidt Co.;
2t> acre* or.
T23OO — Fine strmieer resort in Sonoma Co. :
sta.i station and P. O. on place; 141 acr»s
t controlling lOT.o-acTe range; 3 seres bearing
1 orchard; hay fand: good house and * cottages,
all furnished: bath: dancing platform; r.pri-s:
taming implements; see this qulci.
•TSSO — 3 miles of Goyservltle: 2ij acres: te-
retim house, targe tarn.«2 good wells; rolling,
all in Vineyard; oak trees: line poultry farm.
$1000 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rcsa: 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
madhouse.
!3«X* — Finest stcck ranch In Southern Ore-
gon; 320 acres; 2 sets No. 1 improvements; ICO
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard:
carries "100 to 200 head of stcck; 3 horses:
tools: 4" tons hay; near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTT WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for flrst-ciass farm
1 property and poultry farms.
$275O— 'Rolling land: 16O acres, near Clayton:
SO acres plow land; house, bam. orchard; "part
cash : or»t 1G»> ehotce farms tn Contra Costa
Co. to offer you to select from.
•T.70O— Humboldt Co. rich bottom land; 24
acres half mile cf Fortuna: 1 acre orchard;
new 5-room house, bam. outbuildings.
$3 per acre — Fine stock ranch. l£40 acres; 100
rich bottom land, balanee rolling; fenced and
crosa-fenced; niee orchard: house; 2 large bams.
$1300 — I acres rich Russian River bottom
land; half mile of Geyservilie. Sonoma Co.;
shade trees: house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil Is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$23C0 — At Hopland; 42 acres*; 7 bearing vine-
yard: 3 hay and garden land: 3 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools; 100 laying hens;
half ea?h.
$17CC — Only 9 mines of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling Und; 10 acres
bearing prunes and cherries;- good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses; 3 summer bouses
for summer boarders: running water; close to
school, s-ee this quick.
$47*O — On Guadalupe Creek, south of Saa
Jose; S3 acres: 12 In full bearing orchard In
fine condition : balance gently stoplns; fine hay
land: fine creek: 25 magnificent oak trees; »-
room cottage; good stable: fin* Income. W«
have a choice list of small homes in Sant*
Clara Co.; pleased to drive you around and
ehow them.
FOR RENT. '
$CCO cash per year; 163 acres; 2 miles) of (
Grass Valley: good house: nice cellar: 2 Urg* *
barns and stable: 60 acres fine bearing orchard: I
6 acres bez-riag vineyard: generally level: farm- J
ing implements: 2 horses; 0 Jersey cows: 13 :
acres timber; generally level: party must fur- i
nish bond; would sell for $20,030. I
trend stamp f«r the largest and moaf diver-
sified printed list en the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successor* to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery sc. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
$1COO— 180 ACRES fine farming aad grazing
land. 12 miles NE. of Redding; 7- room house.
Urge barn; orchard; stock, etc.; fine nxn-
r.inz water: (this 1* a genuine bargain). For
particulars address H. B. DeMOOY. Rlndy'3
Hotel. 7th and Franklin sts.. Oakland. Cal.
AT '» sacrifice — AH or any part of 43 acres;
cultivated level loam: adjoining Napa; only
$5O per acre; cash or terms; easily worth
$1CO. N. D. SICKELS. 8 Geary st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vtneyards; inspected bargains: monthly eata-
Icgnes «ent free. C. If. WOO3TER CO..
; 645 Market st.
I KEAI. ESTATE— COinrrBT—ror SaJsv.
COMFORTABLE -cme and a money making
ranch of lt» acres: IO acr^s tn vineyard. 23
in cats. 33 in woodland, and 10 in improve-
ments: house containing 6 reozn*. cellar and
attic; two small houses for help; wtaery
containiag 40.000 gallons of cooperage; 2
wine presses; larjr^ barn; tool house: plaw3.
: harrows, wagons, horses, etc.: splendid fam-
ily orchard: ranch situated in Scnoma Co.
Can or address W. M. ROGERS. 317 Cali-
fornia st.
HATWASS3 KEAX. ESTATE.
HATWARD3 PROPERTY.
2»i acrea, with fruit for family use: 4-roora
house, barn, well and windmill; 1 mils fro:?
town; price *!•'<•>.
3 acres, with about *> fruit trees, bearing:
house. 5 rocms: barn, well and pump; cemented
cellar and brick fcuadaticn under house; pric*
$2200.
4 acrea, mestly in fruit; fine soil: near
town: good borne, S p»ims and bath; well.
windmill ar.d tank; feedhouae. carriage-house,
barn, brooder-house. 4 'chicken-houses, horse,
cow. top buggy, spring wagon, cart. 3CO
chickens; price J47IO.
12 1-12 acres, 10 acres of which !• In frnlt:
house, barn, chlcken-honse. well; line view;
good land; price $(3200.
LARGE LIST. ALL SIZES AND PRICE3L
CALL ON OR ADDRESS
P. WILBERT. HAYWARDS. CAL.
SA3T ITATEOHLEAijKITJtTBj^^^
LOMITA~PARK— On line cf San Mateo elec-
tric cars: 43 minute* from 5th and Market
sts. ; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
wher" the 6 P. Co.'« bay shore "cutoit"
will Join the main -line; second subdiTtsioa
now being offered: 3«-foot lots from $4OO up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 dowa
and $10 a month: sewer and water pipes la
front of every lot; pure artesian, well water:
I half th<* lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
in two weeks; aa exceptional opportunity
; to secure a lot in this aesirable section aa
easy terms; take the electric cars and get
i off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
; cation. "
SELBT, RODGER3 A CO..
Tel Main «73. 116 Calif crnia st.
I SIEITLO PASZ SSAL ESTATE.
$2CO PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-aera>
tract, back of Fair Oaks: water and good
reads; last of this properly left; l 4 cash.
Menlo Park— A fine country home, with
splendid garden and mag-iSceat trees: well
built. old-fasJnicned house In good condition :
for sale at a. bargain; 15 acres, ail improved.
Fair Oalcj — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered asd wooded: in tracts of
from 4 to 25 acre*; special terms to thes*
building immediately.
SELBT. RODGER3 A CO..
Telephone Mala 67X 118 California st.
t-t.muqkST HEAT. ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain; beautiful 4-roozn rn.d-
ern horn* in Elmhurst; close to electric cars.
Apply to owner. W. B. MALICK. contractor
and builder, corner Sunnysid* st. and Orch-
ard ave.. E!mhurst.
SEAL ESTATE TO EICHAWQI.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPA^TT.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE S07-80S CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for th« purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a diitrent kind of propet ty.
Our Ions experience in this business enables
us to oft?n accomplish this double purpose ty
orly one transaction. The- only condition w«
make Is that your property. If you wUh us tJ
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don l
take up either cur time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
cr a mercantile or manufacturing business,
brlcs a description of .-am-- to our office, stat-
ing what k:nrt sjf property you prefer in ex-
change, and you will be surprised bow quickly
we can effect the- result.
THIS 15 SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ara
th,» only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising cr any ether purpose unless w» pro-
cur: an exchange satisfactory to you io ac-
cent.
FINE homes in Oakland to exchange far
ranch pr->t«My. 1*. C. LASSEN A CO.. 4«a
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
ALA3IEDA ADYER'TS'MTS
&LABSSA B~***t. ESTATE.
i IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR RENT.
SEE US.
i REMEMBER TOUR INTERESTS WILL BS
BE3T aERVED BY CALLING ON U3.
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
$1100 — Selling en account of old age; cost
$24U>; this is a snap; 4-roo-n cottage, fruit
1 trees, chicken yards, etc: street wcrtc all done:
lut 5Oxl5O: better look at this to-da7; it's on
Buena Vista ave.. near Wli!ow st.
$1730 — Gccd cottage of ti rooms; good lot;
on Lafayette st.
$2<iCG — W« have this cottage in course o!
construction: 3 root_j. corcelais bath, gas and
electricity: lot 30x100; Lafayette st. and Buena
Vista ave.
fr-.Z-ti. — This is absolutely one of the best
purchases in this beautiful city: modern 0-
roora cottace: rcrr.i all lars?: fine bata <tnd
pantry: every tiiias the latest; exterior tn whit«
cedar shingles; gas and electricity; swell lawn.
$4300 — Nine-rucm medern home en Lafayett*
St., near San Jose ave. ; lot 5O ft. froctace; re-
member, this is a hard location to beat.
GILT- EDGE INVESTMENT.
$4730 — Two mod-m almost new cottagss on
a northwest corner: steadily rented; cottages)
are latest Jeslgn. 5 rooms, bath, reception hail
and pantry in each- can you beat this?
HAXIMO.\*D & HAMMOND.
Leading and Reliable Agents,
1422 /ARK &T.
Office ftnen To-day.
FO RSCLCSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new S-room house: fisa marts* vtew;
house is thoroughly modern: porcelain teu.
etc ; cement basement : $->00<X
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST.
CHA3. ADAM3 A CO.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Cottage. 5 large rooms, open plumblag; lot
6Sxl50: barn. 2 box stalls. loft wtll *um firs
toes bay; elegant grounds asd driveway; pric*
$3830.
A SNAP.
Two-story heese of 7 rooms and bath; tot
50x116; flae grounds: $2300.
Far sal* in swell location on Morton st.: two
2-story house*; one cf & and on* of 9 rooms
and bath; ideal homes and up-to-date ia every
particular; lots 40x130; $43CO asd $4200.
Also fine drug business, with leas* for ten
years; incom* $20 per day; at $3300.
CHAS. ADAMS A CO..
BAT STATION.
- - ALAMEDA. CAL.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
$7300— Hoos* ef 12 rootns. southeast earner
Grand st. and Alameda av» ; 73 fe*t «a
Grand by 139 on Alarneda ave.; also lot
tn rear. 43 feet en Alaxseda ave. by
150 feet deep.
$2200 — Two-story hoose ef 9 rooms) and bmrai
54x120. east side of Sixth St.; SO feet
north of Taylor are.: ' 134 Sixth st.
13230— Two-story horw*. south Itn* of Eactnal
ave_ 14S feet east of Union st; 1312 Ea-
ctaal ave.
$19CO BUYS a hotn* in Alameda: a snap: 7-
room house: Un» tot: fruit. Cowers; leadina;
avenue; Uttle cash. See owner. 21 Spe«r «t^
6. F.. cs^a'rs.
FOR sale — Fine 9- room cottage., now bolldicjT:
lr.t SOxlGS. Call and see it at 1230 Unioa
st.. Alameda. *
BERKELEY ADVERrS'NTS
BEBJCELET "BTTAT. ESTATE-
SNAPS in cottages and lots: ranches for sal*
in Oakland and Fruitvale: also property for
sate and exchange In aay part of United
States: call on me before buylas; elsewhere;
no charge for ewrteyance to you to what w*
have. L. BLODGETT. 1101 East Fifteenth.
st.. Oakland.
_ TO RENT. *
In the best p«rt of town, fine corner noose oC
10 rocras. ba*ement and attic: rent $6Q.
JOSEPH J. - MASON. Berkeley station.
NEW 7-rooBB hens*. large lot. $4000: Parker St..
near Dana. Berkeley. W. E. FRENCH. ISIX
Pin* st.. San Francisco.
Continued on Page 10.
-J5 1 ?Hl^ A 5H[5H-r:-* A j IiI: -- c o*iaiined.
week. " " ""*
Spool ! ter.Cer. fare $2 20, $45 to $50 found.
I tU ZLJ ll . y r ««-J~ot. $40 and found.
MLKttAY £c READY. 634-6W CUy St.
FREE '.'ARE. R. R. MOIIK. FREE FARE
,- s TO-DAY
«< W«rs, ycu'l! suit $C0
2j labes-ers. you'll suit • '.'.'.'.'. '..$&)
Ml'RRAY tc RgAD^.°"ct4-CUq Clay Bt.
COLD QUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE. SEE HIM.
- machine miners $S2 50 to *30
, i chuck tenders $75
i^, b *P d miaeT » $75 to $«2 50
l^ackmnh. no .«hoeinx $»> to $1UO
MLKRAY & READY, <34-«W Clay st.
TOGETHER— FARE $1 5O.~
Second cock, hotel $70 M.
Third cuok. notel .S50 fd.
Di«hwash*r. boUl $30 fd.
MUIU1AY &- READY, tr{4-C:i> Clay *t.
Machinist, gold mine .-tody $3 day.
Stonecutter, granite jsteaiiy. $4 50 day.
B latorers iir wo.-ti». fare S3. $35 and found.
M'n and wife, man milk 23 cows, wife cook
for 3 men, no taher woman on ranch $40 fd.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
20 fruit pickers; fare $1 23 $:U* and found.
HAY -BALERS.
Young »nan work in bakery, city $30 fd.
LOOK.
Orderly, city institution. $23 and found-
Chore bey or man. institution, fare $.1. $30
and found. .
LOOK.
2 painters city job. $2 30 day.
3 brick vrfc<*elcr*. fare ZOr. $57 LO
MURRAY Sz READY. <34-U"U; Clay st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 3*1 St.. near Call Bldg. Phone Buah 4C3.
Government work. Nevada, ship to-day.
cheaij fare, fee *1.
2T. tt-atnstrrs and laborers. $2 5<» day.
Hep pickers; Sonoma County; hop pickers.
Free tents, weed and water free.
100 men. wnmen. boys asd girls.
$1 per hur.fired pounds; pay daily.
Waiters. cl t>- a3l j ccuntry. $;jo. $35. $40.
Checker, wholesale department. $15 week.
2 waiters, city. $2 day.
4 dishwashers. $7 00 to $10 week.
Tlr.nrr, ail-arcund iran. $1 cay. - '
2 carptnters. house, steady. $3 DO day.
2 fchir.glers, tcng job, $1 p«"r M.
Your.g rr_vn, asslctant packer, wholesale
hou*e, city. J03 month.
AT HORD _: SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 05 Third st.
Laborers, city. *2 2S.
Laborers, $2; 'j hours; fcr big company, near
city.
Carpenter. $3 23: 0 hours.
Laljorers for company; a vear's work; $2 day
Scraper wrcsttr. ?1 25 and beard.
Ranch hand. See buss here.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton— Extra help
for the holidays; no charge; also batiers.
$40 to S*X>: second butler. $33; kitchen and
pantrj' boy. private plate. $-*!0: witurj.
SlvSo a week: cooks. $S0, $60 and " *4i;
gardener, large country place. $4o: hak?r
for institution. «25; janitor for inntitution.
$25; disnwaahar for college, $25. etc.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.—
Hels wantei*.; cill and see list of positions
o>?n: office .jp-n Monday. 509 Hearst bldg.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 923 Oolden
Gate ave.. rocm 7, for free information 49
to ©csmons. salaries, age limits, etc. ; day
or evenings
COATMAKJ^R. GRAHAM & CO.. 2HS Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley.
PBESSE8. GP.AHAM & CO.. 214S Bnattwk
ave.. Berkeley.
—
WANTED— Waiter. S7 Ninth st.
WANTED— Man for light work with little ca«=h;
t-ttrauy fmj-lcytaent. HIS Market St., rocm 1.
WANTEI'— Bootblack at California Hctel bar-
ber shco.
WANTED — A bootblack at 2C» Larktn st.
WANTED— Flrst-ciacs barber. 1211 Market st.
WANTED — One pcrter and one elevator boy at
2a Stockton st.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS-
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT. ROOMS *1 AND 32, 7TH
FLOOR, bea MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL
_MORNINGS.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: constant practice and expert In-
rtmcticr.; petition." secured: special induce-
merts this month; catalogue miHed free.
Mcl-r =ystem College. CM Clay st.
WANTED— At Independent Agency. 612 Mer-
c_ar.t st.. buggy wuiwr. $73 p*r month, call
before lo a. m. : laborem. city. $2 23 a_d
$2 Tx>: ccoks. waiters and others.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled ami unskilled laborers, are invited
to r*ff'.st»r with us free of charge. HOUD
A SMITH. 93 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED — Men and beys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Brcs. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4373-3
Eaiton ave.. St._LcuIs. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government pesitiens. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correepond-
ecce Institute. Grant bldg.. 1033 Market st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkrn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rocms to the Denver House.
217 Third s_: 250 rocms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced
crockery packer. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED— Young inan who is a first-class
bundle wmprer. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
MEN and women, learn the barber
w-gAs raid while learning. HAIGHTS, <>47
Commercial «t.
SALESMAN and manager for our Portland
branch stcre. hardware and machinery. G.
G. WICKBON & CO.. 34-36 Main St.. S. F.
WANTED— An all arcund blacksmith by the
15th. Ca*l ccr. High and Fourteenth sts..
Sac L»ar.Jro road.
WANTED — An Al sale«man to sell Jewelry on
installments. Rocsi 3C7, Bacon block. Oak-
Land.
BOYS of various ages for stock, cash and
wrapper*. Apply Superintendent's office. The
nrn^oritni. ¦
TWO young men to learn the barber trad*.
For particulars Inquire 751 Mission st.
IIE-SSENGER boy for offic?. Apply Tuesday,
room 4. 32!) California st.
SHOE r»ra!ri»r: steady jcb: r.o night work; e!<i-
<-rly man iiii. MAJOR REID. 273 Natorr.a.
Contractors and emplayers of labor throughout
the £tate 10 coa:_raalcate with Independent
K_;;.i«,i rrent Agency. »il2 Merchant «t.. S. F.
TRY vcr men's shoes, union made; $1 A $1 50
pair; foot-ftrm shoes, $2 30: we pay express
charger. 11 3d St.. E131. bid. :open till 9 p. m.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; steady trade.
227 Hayes st.. .-^^
COATMAKERS for Use country. Apply REI3S
_BRO3. & CO.. 24 Sutter «.
FCR s*]c — 2-chair barber shop and 2 hcuse-
kc»rir>s rocms rum:«he4. Inquire Call offlce.
MEN w^rted 3t 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
valr»\i bv machinery ;sewe<l soles 10 mis.. 73c.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade:
wares pai-i whi!e learnlag. 741A Howard.
1 LABOIt debts collected; suits, attachments
I Law arm Adjustment Co.. 32» Mo_tgy..r. 413.
SAILORS aud yourg men (green hands) for
thi»s. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson »t-
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of !
the world st HERMAN'S. 27 ¦ Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BuUls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
I Part Com. G#o. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 33c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from ferry.
I AD\irr.TISEMENTS. tub«crlpUons f*ceived at
Call brsnch offlce. ccr. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC- Minion »t— bet. 1st and 2d fts. '
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 23c |
to 6flr. Lta Mission rt.. bet. 1st snd 2d sts.
soiJcrroBs.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $6 tr> $8 day. 1114
Washington St.. Oaklsnd. r. 3. 10 to 12 a. m.
KOBSES AOT i WAQOHg.
HANDSOME earrixge. with insperial meui
mounted double harness; suitable for livery
or hack. 1011 gutter «t. r,
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Cotta
County. NncJeun Stables. ISO Stevenson. S.F.
FOR eale — Pair gentle saddle horses: broke for
Udy. Box 1145. Can office. -
SADDLE for sale; Al: 1st prixe leather work-
er** picnic; beauty. Barber shop. 1551 Market.
H0B8E3 AJTD WAGOHS— Coatlnned.
FOR sale — Two city-broke^ Shetland ponies.
513 Thirty -second St., Oakland.
FOR sale — Cheap; 10 fine surreys, with or with-
out rubber tires. I50T{ Folsom st.
FOH SALE — Top buggy, piano box. $50. Box
1100. Call office.
DRIVING horse for sale. 7 years old. Box
• 1020. Call office.
NEW and second -hand buggies wagons eur-
ierg. W. WERTSCH. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR *ale — Saddle horse, black. Spanish broke
8 ______ fine loalcer ' at S 33 Jessie st
AUCTION «a!e of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Slstli at.
WAGONETTES, surrey., buggies, wagons, har-
\ n^y. work and driving hor«es. 15th-Valencia.
HOTJSB3 TO LET.
A — PHINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
rular. a.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
I TO let— -Hcx-fce of 10 rocms on California sL:
1 r»nt $40. :r.r,u;re at N. W. cor. Mission
snd Tenth. Ca!. Housewrecklng Co.
WALLER. 1311— Modern house; 9 rooms, bath
arj I'tlllanl room; heaters, etc.; rent mod-
erate. :•••
LINDHN pvc, 472. n-ar Octavla— Desirable
hcu«». C, rr>rrr.s and bith; n-nt 517.
• BUSH. 122r — Upp«r cart of hov«e; 5 rooms.
: cath: rent $20. Arply 122H Du3h st.
I H0U5E3 PXTRITISHED — FOS SALE.
EDDY. .'21 — Furi:l3h?d house of 14 rooms; rent
?3_ ZQ; location central.
FOR sale — Furniture of 4 rooms; cheap If
takfrt at enca; rent $15. 615 Laguna at.
_ j __ TO I.ET.
LOVELY sunny cottage; C rooms, bath. Cor.
Dcloroa and Cumborland: Mission warm belt.
COTTAGES WAITX-IP — EUET73BAS".
V.'ANTED— Furnish- d coUaye; 1 or 2 hours
from city. Box 1162. Call.
IirrORSIATION WA2TTES.
WHERE is John Galdie. who worked with me
on the Prusso Rauch. near Lakeville, on
Petaiuma River, winter and spring of 1350?
He crossed ihe plains with me in 1S5S, and
was called "Scottie." He wculd know me
as "Steve." T. 8. KENDERDINE, Newtown.
Buck3 County. Pa.
IlfVAXJP CgAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eaati tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: tel.Park 773.
I.OST A3TD rOTTHD.
LOST — A packege of papers ccnslsting of copy
and* printer's proof. Return to H. c.
CROCKETT & CO., printing department, and
receive reward. ' »
LOST— A nassbouk with the Hibernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco In the
name of THOMAS ROY. No. 130-35S. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco in the
name of CATHERINE BOWEX, No. 171-1521.
The fird«?r will please return to bank.
LOST — Ail cf our competitors; reduction In
prcea and Quality of stock did It. SHtBELET
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st.. phone Grant
1U7; 1204 »utter St.. phon« East 817.
LOST — Red curly-haired dos; several broksn
t"eth Return to 179 Corbett ave.. H.
SCHRODER, and receive r-vrard.
$10 REWARD— Lost. Sept. 2, your.g fox terrier:
had en red cellar and nickel band; 1 black
ear. 442 Fuitcn st.
LOST — Brown Pommcranean dog. Reward if
returned tu 20C1 Lajruntt st.
FOUND — Small gold breastpin. Inquire 13C2
Pest st.
XiAXJNCHES FOB HI2E.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.: for pleasure and business; tel. Buah 334.
J. Micha*lls Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf : bcat-
tr.r * exrurrtons. 5 Steusrt n.ittl.Jnhn 21JSA
KATEn-OHIAL.
A YOUNG German ot some means wishes to
correspnr.C with young lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1144. Call offlce.
MATTRESSES .1ND FIZ.&OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS . 14.TJ-.t4 Hcward st. : phony South 218.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Market et.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble confide In m»
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate.. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
writ*. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R
H. WESTON. offlce 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S2« Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all 7e^
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. lCCS^ Market »t.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on fernals '¦
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: th# rnost difficult cases treated; ¦
advice free, i Offlce 101S Market st.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor *
neam bath*. Offlce hcurs 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DH. and'Mrs. DAVIES snd HINDOO HERBS:
orgir.al method of treatment. U2C Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. S11A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADTE5 — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls:
$2. Gl«ason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
j DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom «.. corner
! Mth: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
fiCXNXS A2TD UX3TX2TG.
EQUIPPED mln»s and rood prospects; reports
guaranteed; claims in Tonorah district,
Nevada: buyers investigate. S. C. TRAY-
NER. » Sutter st.
MISCELLANEOUS — TOS SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine?, boilers, pumps,
pulleys. »ha!ting. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. LW-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH H W'CLPMAN', 193-197 Fremont st.
FOR -:aie — 5c w and second -hand billiard and
l-ool tab'»s; -?asy payments: wa rent tables
i with privilege o* buying; modern bar fixtures;
I cheap prices. BKUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
IJ^NDER, Ci2 Mission st.
EOE3 YOUl: ROOF LEAK?
Repair it •s'ith tlaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no raintlnx or ci.etiT!g: good over old
Ircn. tin nr *blne!es: best for new roots.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st. .'
AA— 19 VARIETIES of thoroughbred chickens,
pigeons and geese. Ingleside Poultry. Yards,
S07 Mt. Vernon ave.; Ocean View car to
steel bridge.
H0LSTEIN-FR1ESIAN. rounsr bull. first-
class pedigree: sire. Perfection of La Siest*.
29.C56, dam. Mint cf La Siesta. 50.559. X.M
Mateo St., cor. Chenery. 1
6AFES and DESKS" — As we are going to move
to New Montgomery St.. and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S18 Market st.
TOURISTS — The btst assortment cf souvenir* I
In California wooriK. burnt leather, etc., I
KINGSLAND ART SHOP. cor. Haisht and
Devisad»ro eta.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, e'n-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. - DEREMER'S.. 137 Mont-
gomery, st.. room 12, upstairs. »
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
TRY, our men's shoe* at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
VERY fine thoroughbred bull terrier pups, for
sale cheap: the. real, stock: address or call.
- A. B. TRTJMAX. EJcho kennels, 1425 Stetner.
ZD-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb material. The Dolin Co.. 1607 Mitt.
B - Zj mmr^ IN THE COLUMNS OF THE CALLStviftwatcr. ' Bill Again Divorced.
VANCOUVER, B. C Sept. 4. — The
Earl of Minto, Governor General of
Canada, and Lady Minto arrived this
morning on the delayed train from
Winnipeg. At noon the Vice Regal
boarded II. M. S. Grafton. sent here
from Esquimau for the purpose, and
departed for Victoria, where they will
remain two days. While here their
Excellencies received no one, the civic
ceremonies incident to their visit be
ing deferred uhtll their return here
From Victoria on Tuesday. • .
Places of Interest on West
ern Coast.
Distinguished Guests Visit Various
CANADA'S GOVERNOR
GENERAL. IN VANCOUVER
TACOMA, Sept. 4.— Miss Rebecca Mc-
Ccnkey, a literary woman of local note,
attempted suicide Friday at Steilacoon*.
She hired a boy to row her out Into
the bay, giving him her purse and a
verbal message to friends. She thon
lumped overboard. Realizing her pur
pose the boy caught her and drugged
her back Into the boat, rowing switiJy
to shore. While he ran up the hi'l tu
secure aid Miss McConkey tied a reck
around her body and started to rev.* to
deep water. She was again caught and
bri ught back. Friends are now vrateu
i»S her. ,
Miss McConkey of Tacoma Hires a
Boy to Row Her to Deep Water
and Jumps Overboard.
LITERARY WOMAN TRIES *^
TO END ILER LIFE
OAKLAND, Sept. 4. — The clubhouse
of the Oakland Golf Club, on Adams
Point, has been purchased by Bernard
Ransome, who is having the structure
moved from its former site to Boule
vard Terrace, where he will flt it up
as a bungalow.
Buys Old Clubhouse.
OAKLAND. Sept. 4. — The Athletic
Association of St. Mary's College has
elected the following officers for the
ensuing year: President, George W.
Poultney; vice president, Frank J.
Ferguson; secretary, Joseph Fitzger
ald; treasurer, P. B, Sheehan; track
captain, A. T. Shine.
Association Elects Officers.
OAKLAND. Sept. 4. — The District
Council of Carpenters has been noti
fied that a special car has been se
cured for the delegates from San
Francisco and Alameda counties who
will attend the thirteenth annual con
vention of the International Union of
Carpenters, which meets In Milwau
kee on Monday, September 12. The
members of the California delegation
which will be headed by Henry Mey
ers, chairman of the riational execu
tive board, are: A. W. Borderi. presi
dent of the District Council of Carpen
ters, representing Union No. 1667; R.
"VVIand and R. Harlan, representing
Union No. 33; D. C. Crawford and R.
M. Hambo, representing Union No.
550; -•! Peter Mlchelsen, representing
Union No. 1158; W. Toyne, represent
ing Union No. 815, and L. Jeffries,
representing Union No. 1473.
Delegates Secure Special Car.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Dr. F. F.
Tebbets. a member of the City Board
of Trustees, died to-day from the ef
fects of ptomaine poisoning- Dr. Teb
bets visited San Francisco early In the
week and after partaking of some crab
in a restaurant was seized with Illness.
The physicians pronounced the causa
ptomaine poisoning. The illness con
tinued and refused to respond to treat
ment.
Dr. Tebtcts was for many yean a
me.nter of the State Board of Dental
Examiners, was for several terms a
County Supervisor and served several
terms as City Trustee.
Dr. F. K. Tebbctts of Sacramento Dies
From the Effects of. Eat
ing Crab.
PHYSICIAN A VICTIM
OF PTOMAINE POISOXIXG
SATUUDAT, SEPTEMBER 8.
Grace J. and II. M. A. Miller to Catherine
Itreslln, lot on B line of Oak street, 150 W of
Webster. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Jeremiah Manning to Mary Manning, lot on
8 line of Turk street, 40 E of Scott, E 27:6 by
H 120; gift. . n.**
Mary A. Smith to Eugene H. Casserly. lot
on i: line of Castro utreet, 61:0 N of Twenty
fimt. N 25 by K 100; $10.
Mnry E. and John II. von Schroeder to Mary
E. Nelson, lot on \V line of Howard ntreet,
150 N of Twenty-third. N 55 by XV 122:0; $10.
Bucene nnd Minnie J. O'Donnell to Giovanni
and Angela I). K.-irkIo. lot on N line of Twen
ty-ninth irtreet, 20:$ W of Church, W 25:5 by
X 114; $10.
Albert W. nnd Ullie Scholle to Augusta
Wlebind. lot on N\V corner of nattery and
Union streets. XV ia":»5 by N 137:0; $10.
Jumpd II. l.anki rwhlm and Susanna II. and
I. N. Van Nuyn to same, lume; $10.
Charles K. Ulshop to George I,. Bishop, lot
on SE line of Mission street, 3OU:1U SW of I
Fourth. SW 3»:4«i by 8E 160; $10. j
Joseph and Hannah Israel to Lillian M.
Hall, lot on NW line of Harrison street 100
SW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
MorriM W. Solomon to Sellna B. Solomon, lot
en NW line of Howard Btreet, 125 SW of
Eighth. SW 25 by NW IK); gift.
M. K. and Ellen Hell to Therese M. Keefe.
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 200 S of Cle
ment Htreet, S .'15 by NW 120; grant.
.liinifx T. and Agnrs Winter to Alice I. L«vy,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 200 S of Cali
fornia street. S3 25 by E 120; $10. ]
Glovanl and Mary R. Manclnl to Andrew •
and Mary Shnhan. lot on N line of Clement '
i>trect, 81 E of Eighth avenue, E.-28 by N 115;
$10. !
James B. and Mabel Sykes to William H.
Husli.il, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 200 S
of I'lillfi rnla street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
William H. Bushell to Henry and Josephine
K. Gorman, same; $:>IC0.
Emlll.> Vfeliach and K. H. Plate and (as
trustees) for Gustav A. (or Gustav IAIederlch)
to MUrwh Hocl!»«"h*r, Beatrice and Margaret
rrlcr.erleh «»<l William F. Hoelscher, lot on
S line of H strct't. 57:0 W of Eighth avenue,
W 25 by S 1C<>; $10.
.!• rrrnnh O'Reilly to James M. and Josephine
V. Haves, lot en NW Mnt of Madrid street. 225
NJ5 of Russia; NK 25 by NW 100, block 2T.
ENoelslor Homestead: Slo.
Clara S. Tyihscn to Angclo I.icamarslno. lots
3:: nnci ::», block 23, takevlrw: $10.
Angelo I.asomarslno to l.nlil Lagomarslno,
lot"! S3 and -'II. Mi i*k 23, Lakeview; $10.
S. Ducrs Comrany to r.iolo and Gulseppa.
Palni.i and Rosa Rnncatore. lot on N line of
rWsle uvenu". 2.S" W of Kolaom street. W 25,
N N6.t>7. SK 25.01. S S0.32, lot 15, Ducas Tract;
$10.
Sadie I* .Clark to John H. Grody. lots 1204
nnd lit 5. gift mep No. 2; also lot on SE cor
iut of Mcndooino nnd l>Heotah streets, S U % 0
by K ICO. block 572. tidelnnds; ali»o lot oti B
line of Colorado street. 150 S of Fresno, S 50
by i: 200. block r,s:t, tldelands; $10.
William and Tlnnnah Casey .to Filtpno and
Cnrmela G. Sonnllrpo. lot on W llrrt of Ells
worth str«-*t. li:2;it S of Eugenia avenue, S
37:0 by W 70. lots 329 and 321, gift map No. 1,
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
N. Bullerdteek (owner) with Mager Brcs.
<contrHetor^>.- arvhltecta Kldd and Anderson —
Patent chimneys. c«rr>enter and Joiners' Work,
stuff work, mi'ti'l work, plaMerinir, hardware
nnd class for a two-story frame building (4
llats> rn lot 23, block V, Park Lane Tract No.
'Michael Clanelolo (owner) with Frank Gal-
Uuher (contractor), architect T. J. Welsh— All
work exert asohnltum roof for a two-story
frame building on X line of Pine street. I37:fi
K of 8t;ln«r. N 1S7:« by E 31:4«4. Western
Addition. :i.Vl; $»!525.
Malcolm L>. Campbell (owner) with C. L*
Wold (contractor)^- architect August Nonlln —
All work except. palnttnc. mantels, shades and
Eas Axturcs for a two-stcry and basement
trame building (flats) on S line of Eighteenth
street. 75 W of Dt>uglas». S 00 by \V 24: $-'175i).
Vnlttd Realty Company (owner?) with Van
Emon Engineering Company (contractors),
architects Havens & ToepUe — One. passenger
and one freight elevator for a four-story and
Kisfni.-nt blifk building on N line of Kills
ntr*4t, 137:8 W of Stockton. W 00 by N 137:6;
$3.11 1. •
IVrnanl Ivvwensteln (owner> with Biller &
Qir.xllman <cvintractors>, architects Podge A
rkMUver— -All work for a two-story frame and
brick veneered residence, with attic and has*- i
ment. on N line of Pacific avenue. 51:2 W of:
Webster afreet, W r.7:« by X 110: $12,703. j
ItEALi ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
A special feature of the afternoon
will be the tug-of-war contests between
teams of the different unions.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— The labor or
ganizations of* Alameda County will
turn out en masse to-morrow for the
celebration of Labor - dav. Beginlng
with the parade at 10 a. m. the celebra
tion will continue throughout the day,
closing with a dance in the evening.
During the afternoon an old-fashioned
Spanish barbecue will be held at Idora
Park, where lavish preparations have
been made to feed the thousands of
worklngmen and their friends.
The parade will be headed by Grand
Marshal George K. Smith and Aids A.
W. Borden and Frank Higuera. It will
start from Broadway and Second street
and march up Broadway to Ninth
street, to Washington, to Fourteenth,
to Grove, to San Pablo, to Broadway,
on west side of Broadwav to Seventh
street,- then countermarch on the east
side of Broadway and San Pablo ave
nue to Twentieth street, east on Twen
tieth street to Telegraph avenue, where
cars will be taken for Idora Park.
Alameda County Organizations to
Take Part in Attractive Pro
gramme at Oakland.
LABORS' HOSTS WILIj
CELEBRATE HIE DAY
The fire was soon extinguished and
the search for the dead began. Most
of the dead were found on the two
upper floors. While the search of the
building was going on four firemen
were at work on a fourth-floor bal
cony when it gave way. Another fire
man on the balcony floor below was
also carried down and was probably
fatally injured. The other four were
badly hurt, but will recover. Two of
them fell upon a pile of bedding in the
courtyard and their injuries were
caused chiefly by the iron work of the
balcony falling on them.
The fire is supposed to have been
caused by the explosion of a lamp that
had been left to light the hall on the
second floor and the sleeping tenants
were not aroused until the hallway was
ablaze and escape through the building
cut off.
The fire started about 3 o'clock la
the morning and there was much de
lay In sounding an alarm, although the
district Is one of the most thickly pop
ulated In the crowded East Side of
Xew York. When the firemen reached
the scene some of the tenants were
jumping from the windows and from
the ends of the fire escapes that
reached only to the second floor. Others
were crouching in the smoke in the
small rooms and narrow halls.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Fourteen per
sons were killed and nearly a score
Injured In a fire In a flve-story double
tenement m Attorney street early this
morning. The dead Include four
women, one man and nine children,
ranging In age from 3 months to 12
years. Many of the Injured were taken
to hospitals and It Is thought that
several of these will die. Among ths
Injured were five firemen, who were
in a fourth-floor balcony when It fell
with them.
The small number of men among tn»
killed and injured was due to the fact
that most of the men who lived In the
building, following the Attorney-street
custom In hot weather, were asleep on
the roof, while but few of the women
arfd children were there. Those on the
roof were unable to escape by descend
ing through the burning building and
made their way to safety over neigh
boring roofs. Meanwhile .the members
of their families, who had remained in
their rooms found escape cut off and
panic reigned throughout the struc
ture. ' f -
Fourteen People Killed and
3Iany Injured in Fire in
Gotham Tenement House
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Sept. 4-
Careless handling ot a rifle in the
hands cf a careless boy hunter to-day
brought death to Chrales Nelson, 14
years old and living: at 20 Clara street.
San Francisco. Arnle Arvonen. aged
15 yeara, of 2 Alice street, San Fran
cisco, paused the accident- The scene
of the tragedy "was Wildcat Canyon.
Just over the Berkeley Hills, where five
other such tragedies have occurred
this summer.
The accident happened while the
youths were preparing to cook some
squirrels they had shot. Nelson was
on one side of the creek that runs
through the canyon, cleaning the
squirrels, and Arvonen was on the
other side, tampering with his rifle.
Suddenly it went off.- Just why Ar
vonen does not know. A second later
Nelson fell to the ground with 9 bullet
wound in the middle of his forehead.
The bullet had pierced the brim of his
felt hat and entered the brain.
As soon as they realized that Nelson
was shot Arvonen and a companion
rushed to his aid and bound a piece of
cloth around his head. They implored
him to speak, but he was already un
conscious.
E. B. Coy, a camper, responded to
a call for assistance and took the
wounded youth in a buggy to Dr. J.
Edson Kelsey's office in Berkeley. The
physician said that Nelson could not
recover and so did not send him to a
hospital.
Deputy Coroner J. E. Strelghtiff and
Deputy Marshal Howard are convinced
that the shooting was purely accident
al. Arvonen could not tell exactly how
the rifle, a 22-caliber weapon, was fired,
but thought it occurred while he was
trying to force the trigger mechanism
into place. He denied aiming the rifle
at Nelson in play. Arvonen was held by
the Berkeley authorities awaiting the
result of the wound.
Young Arvonen died to-night shortly
before midnight.
FIERCE FLAMES
DESTROY LIVES
While Hunting in Berkeley
Hills Clarence Nelson
Falls Victim to Weapon
DEPLORABLE ACCIDENT
Aniie Arvonen Carelessly*
' Handles Kifle and Bul
let Deals Mortal Wound
YOUTH SHOOTS
A COMPANION
THE SAX FRAXGISCO GALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 5, 190*.
According to a reccnt> Russian consu
lar report, six years ago 9000 children
attended the Russian schools in Syria.
The- number is now 20.000.
TACOMA, Sept. 4.— Bera Beatr" ••»
Gates, third wife of Sv.Mftwater 'Hill
Gates, was divorced from him yester
day for non-support and desertion.
They were married live years asro.- fol
lowing divorces from Gussie and Grace
l.smar. BB9B
10
OCEAX TRAVEL.
j*C\c r>^ Steamers leave Broadwar
/O^ Sm <^\ w »»*f v « s <P'e» » *ad 11).
/^•/_ an Francisco:
iQ./ T^^"*» \A\ For Ketchlkan. TVna*«l.
I I uL*?*^ I I J un ' au ' Haiaea. Skagway,
\ \ VSOMaal / / ' tc -- Alaska — 11 a. m.. 3«pt.
\*5v \\ ** ytf/ 2 - 7 « 12 « 17 ' rt ' October 2-
VJiSsJI^^^Bv Change to this company's
N^AtaXivP/ steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancoorer,
Port Townnend. Seattle. Tacorna. Everett. Bel-.
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 2. 7. 12. 17, 23. 27..
October 2. Change at Seattle to tills company' •
steamers for Alaska and C N. Ry.: at Se-
attle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13. id, 25, October 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m., Sept. 4, 10, 18, 22, 2S, October 4.
For Los Angeles (via, Port Los Angeles aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. a.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenem*.
Bonlta. 9 a. rn.. Sept. 4. 12. 2f>. 2S. October «.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. S»pt. 8. 16. 21. October 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
aatla Guayrras (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Rlgnt
is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
T1C.KLET OTT1CES— 4 New Montgom-
ery »t (Palac* lintel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Frtiirht Oflce, 10 Market St.
C D DVNANN. General Passenger Agent.
" io Market «t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Ct>-. 20 Sutter.st.. wtn
call for and check bairgace from hotel* and
residences Telephone Exchange 312.
6 ceanic b.s.io. «;ks
S~S ~SIERRA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and fyAnty. Thursday. Sept. S. 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. H. 11 a. m.
S.s"aLAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 17. 11 a.m.
I P.SFEECXELS i BBOl Ctt. i2B.,Ttet!t COC 5« 1\:-
teL rrsigitt cac w mrta si. Pisr 7. Pacii: ii
, C0XPA3SI2 es5Z3iii.? Tais3iT^\:irii j;
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKK-PARI3l «.«>»_,
tailing every Thursday tastead of
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pltr 42. "^*MrS«*
North Rivtr. foot of Morton st.
First class to H*vr-?. 970 and upward. 9«coa<t
class to Harre. $45 aad upward. GENES.* t,
\GENCT FOR UXITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 33 tlroadiray (Hudson batldtng). N*w
York." 3. F. FVGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. * Mcntcorser? avenu*. San Francisco.
Ticket* y>;d br all Rrttlmari Ticket Afiti
To U. S. U*rr Taxfl aai Vailajo.
Etmrs. General Krlsbie. Mosticello asd Arrow
! •:«£ a. ra . 12. M. 3:1^ K. »:JO p. m. i«x..H«a»):
buudays. v:*i a. m.. (»:3w p. ra. l<eav* Vauejo
i. y a. m.. 12UM. 3:13. « p. m. (ex. sail; sa.v
! days. 7 a. m.. 4:14 p. a. Pter 2. toot iii*.
i ktou street: chnre Main 13CS. HATCH r.ROi
! To U. S. JfaTy Tax* smfl Vans**.
I Stmr. H. 3. Cor>»ra:» — Leaves S. V.. foot of
Clay St.. north ml ferry bids. — w M - 4 da**.
, s:3u A. il.. » aad •> P. 3d.: Sundays. »-j«
A. il.. S P. XI. Leaves V.-»liejo— Week daja.
«:&(* A. M.. 12:20 and 3:^0 P. M.; SuaUaya. 1
P. il. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion r*:*»
Ecedays ts Vallejo. GIcb Cow an4 Martlaes.
BGc round trtx>. PIPER. ADEN. COOOAU
' CO. Paoa« Mala ML *Sarjrday excestaA.
mzm.KK.vtr/ uka% r.zr atz.
" v \;.:,:,.'^::-r £&
tt.tu wr, '/*'**\ m . 1 -•'••*•'• *>*:K "*'-
*+**. ?**/ ***** "*> *•»•«*•' j/mtrmi
%.vn.'.'f \j.*». i**' *i' r v y "jy* SCSI
• lot// »r ia*»*- «••», Wtinwt t«.: ffM't
feK^.V'-s 'xrLAz;-
„ <t -..,f!»«»; u»g« w: **•' us* it**
n-r. 1 m<.i> i.-" I'/t »?•»» ««*'»v»; *"«*t
t; it*/ *.;fl •¦'¦/ * J > f' . 2 ie*!1*fi's l^e, '/ft
li'.uv.t •< i<«<. Utt.%. »'.-3 IT.Uw<>ii»j; •
II,3S6 •" ¦'-/» • '•'¦ '//il«». |j«rrrn»i)gs Tract;
trust* <t*r.tt%A* Us****.
13. 1'Hi i.n%» r.i • »•«.'••'»'• 'orrtr. ff/»i«Sr,g
".a. •> > »*•«, (« J5frr»-«*figs ttmrt;
m Mtr»iii'
», ».\t..\" I. i* :>. sli parts t.f ti*i'i»'.*y.
: < ii-0,- f.u f\t.tn i-iuytxi; |^*>* * t*-' '• f)l ritt -
i '•«//,- b«s1fl*tt pro^nr; t*r* • v* «•«• »*•••
• i» f.?/i--Ji*«( «»»IIsm« t-u*)»»<»s l<st In «t* ct'r.
i:-;/>/j -i>»t »»«i!*tie t,*f.u**M futu*r lo tb*
aimzi'. a ronvfn^*
CO! i^titMt »u,'tin**l*y. Oal.
UAititAUi-VejQj i-tt'tiu h"tt—. w«JI. t*r«,
- M.*»i. i.oum*. Ut fiur.f fru'.t «'••• lo' H6*
m, 1 ».• liUfU h'.HIi i.i f"vrt,\t\ *iaU*n. V/»«»
,:-n.'U>. lu>iu.i» if t. riLVK, <m «»•
ilMTiVAJj; ADVT'SMNTS
rttUITYALB aHAIV gTATB.
I: » f"; Air. RSOOi txmpUfU itUk»n t»mh In
c,i;)H«:f, mtdiM wioi 0M wMit l^gb«m
#1. '.tii**<*; i' '«*>>, l/»l«ri>« t i '< i»» «...,i -i.
»•-.» :'.?" • • 1 '."¦¦", ''•' .t'.i.i-
/ iii<a;.' II - ff. . .• 'M« 'all t'f «h* r*e*s>UoA
«/f #Uv*r1l*»r"'<«» »''1 •**.*• rlutUittm »•*• l»»»r.
. i+t,** 01 vtn ttti.» • •• , • 1 :•••'•• '¦>'"¦
',,».. wf.'ll II I IO
rnUXTTALB BOOMS.
• fi »tM"lf!.f» 1. »»»l •'!'!»» mii*.; rlo*»l, pun.
11/. I,. U<. U'jn .» >»1 1117 l-'retii-.nt *v..l ivu.
OAKLAND AI)VimTOMT8
OFFICE, 1010 IIIKMIlWAY.
O A KUAVV MBA%0 g»TATB, _
a. t «:;tii|',h.
rr.Ah rjtTATr. nnoKicn *KP mialkh,
«C1 MNTII trtlKI'.T.
|3>;V< <;M,V %M, DOtVK.
liALAN'C AM MKNT.
|>»T W;»l<y».
ac.ih ri , 1*1 r;itovii Atitt TtSLEOnArif.
HVfcO- Hl'.ld < Kl> MIOU I42M>.
tjtit.r iTfiw ifwn.
UAI.AN'i; AM flK.NT.
I'M <'f«IK-
ISAM A ''Lama AVte., in. OAKLAND AVK.
I !.-'• ' m * 1.1. 1'AVMI.NT 1 .'•¦/. r. .
m:\v~ ami M'iiuhs'
in Kvenv i'AiiTi<ii.An.
1 "i eOftltO.
hi*i r.i.. ui. 1 1 M.'iiiAi'ii ami anovjs,
I6VW* - l.'.r^ — — < 1 IM&0.
f.'»» ., 1 in.wi.in, 7 km.iii* ami l/atti.
I 1 ii- ... 1 In <urgi.it ,.il..~ |,ln*.
IMmIiis |.«.ii. i.«- I.' ..11. <r|llng.
' us) i-oinri* Uuijugh'Mit tiuu**.
/:< tM ..II, tl.llMlrilllri] .|Ml
Inlaid n»Min.
I ¦ .. • li» in m.lrli.ii III vt-lirered l.lu* nr, Ml»
|lt«i|Uf.ll plale l««'ir| , 1st* wliiij.iwt.
i.ni'i nm. iMit IICKN RPARCn T<»
•i'ii I Mlr-. fi.Ai'li iinm m.» M'«t>-
I.1IN •• !¦ I I' I'M I. ATI-. fill ATI li AH IT
ih i»n nn, M«'i>r hi., nn. .•.¦•!.
M'ni.i.r, hi.-i-ui:i;n run rv\«» iiicht
• in ic- mmi 1. m, 1 1.1.1 "(it Am a\i.:.ii.
AM* •JlluVI. hlltf.l'.I ir IH lliil'NU TO
10MMI.MI ITM-.I.K '111 Till". M<»MT KAfc.
Tlliliil h, \A>V «n»U». Olt M«it:i. i.ll'M mi
MAV III:. II All IV PISilRICDi
A. J fNVIlIJt.
Mai. 1 ITATH MluiKKIt ANI» DBAI4ER,
*• ¦ Mnlti Htirrl, (IsmIshiI.
TOM MALI'..
If.MKi A lew 0 |.,wn liirtj**. with IM B7l<SS
ITA; III !'»• leelilein* pall of lleikeley
«¦ I li'ar uiil«ri>lty; aouth fi-i.i.s'. Mi*
1 ¦•'• in n.n.i,..i 111 • ..lit ir.ii- 1 «i. 1 in
M»n ¦¦ f , ¦lilrlly niiMleiti slid up to (1st*;
I. 11. h Irakf.l f. 1 I'rfl |,,.r ill., lilli, Hhl.'ll
<• II |il ««-iil |*r aiitiiilli 1,11 llir anklng
prl<-e
UI' AI.M> II AVI. I' HI MAI.i:
%'.:¦<»< ' iu<» '•• 1, .mn imiKe, elluated near Ih*
«l»»r, aint III nrrc • .• > It* equal, If Hot
iu kiii.. 1 1. ,1. and »« ii'fy any mm 1.1
,-.'... * Inl In •« ».|«.t ¦ nel(lil>ii|.
Iio.mI ali.t Inllld •• good ¦ house Inl til*
}>ii« • *i "i.i. I. wo aie tiffrilug Mils one.
S- -¦»>"¦• will tuiivlni* > • •¦ that tlii«
rrnt hi.'m in DKiiKrcLKT.
t*r month- o i.»'«ii inodnu house; mrV
tlHUhul; Due lixaflun.
I"., i HTI'.WAIIT A «?O..
Jims PH0AUWAT, OAKLAND.
ICno A <lnt*t> li. mi* In ICt*t Oakland on w.
•im 1. it <vu(Mi; t»o.#iorv, ii riMiiiiaj high
liaarmrlit, . |.ifc« In; n»*r a.-tn...l». a. I a I I..11
and ••! Hues; « .¦¦•.! Itiv raiment.
It. II. nil/ 11 * <\i,
I'lflti a>r ai..| i:i»liteeiilli s>,
OAKLAND MOUBCa TO I.WT.
I 11 1 \ in, 11 ill. r;ul. •rotner MrCsll .
llr.uk* 7 •.-¦ink «i,i l.mli, pantry, washhou**,
. i.. 1 |.«ariiirlit. . 1, 1 kn, \ b 1 .1 |M>n«, eti'.; Hi*
¦ *i<1en. wlitih is aii *itra lame lot, contain*
• pj.lr, |*«r. tbeuy ami plum lirra In full
•••¦¦Mug; Doe writ, «lndinlll and tank nn tli*
I'Mtiitar*) rent II'.
full r«m In 1 «.i Oakland — lUautlful n*w t-
I...-1HI i...'.,r. on chi>ii-* i.,inri, lot 1. u 1 r.i,
*»«-iy 11.. 1. 11, ciitivanlenea; fin* Interior nn
•?ii. fit.** tu . Tn.i . hr» ? 1," .1. *mt car Hu-».
r*«*0nah)t i»m I., itghl |ai»> It M
\M.|.i'H « rti . Hfth ivt and Klghteenth
¦ St., «<*al*nd
t!L . . „_ ,.„ u
OAXX.AHD rUttKTTXIJin TOM OAX.D.
"." V'Ullt.iW 11.. o»> i.r bsisain* In fuml-
i.ir II, b.'lirltiaas.llth »i ..1 .i. i» «'.i1,Ibii.I
' ¦ . — ;
San Francisco Ad vert .ism'U.
nooMfi ro» souasxnsrzHo.
kirilll, Ht:A"4 frrtnt bsy-wlnflow reoros.
CAUIMItNIA, K-B4 -Klaor of 3 sunny n>on»».
i.-i.i.iiu- wkter in rid room; nice location.
Ill-Is ?S*-Xir* furnished •>">• hmiartrreplng.
|i«. ren:r*l, t«iu g** tang*: adults,
I'M.- r. '.UN nrar Howard— S sunny houMkvep.
Ing rowns; business location; rent moderate.
IMHinu:MII, ;r<-3 aunny furnished »mu»e-
kreixng ition.a
JACUfcON, MI-3 ft a housekeeping room*.
J HiyiH. ani-Tw let. « and i aunny rrwroil
rurnttlied for houkekeeplng; »lt B a .a,
I Mr-N'IMVORTII, cor. Busa and rowtll—Thr*..
r*«iH iiimgr aaartan* nts; *i*am h**t;c«o. lo*,
kMCKKltltot'KEn Araitment*, 1310, rtne—
•uuny, rumUhed 3 -room «uttes; steam heat-
*0. tlectib' lighted; fie* bathi; rate* i»»».
'UWUnr Wdg.. Van Ness aa« Ooldea Oat*
•»••» — tiutt** and *unity unrur. mama; - T --
atlKMON, i:i»--rumlsh*d hou»*Ve«plng rooms
aUi> rn* »ir»u room. n» rhlldivn.
M'fM> V '-'::* i «.» furntthed tunny rooms or
t ..llkfl.HI-!!'*. |lt.
MOli »iMU*ekr*v>ltuj rvosn* io let; all lecatloa*.
I'licn* Clay We.
MNirrCUNTII. »«I5. IdUilon warm b»lt —
m. •!> tun !.»•• .1 raon; h*vitk»tptng; gas,
MM.ri l Mil. Jl^ni Aairiiria. warm helro
uiiel) lur.fitmt r>>xini»:hotis*k*enlnit;g«a,tiath.
OAK. lit. W» MrAllt*«»|v-rt*Mn», camsj»iti
»> it*. «lg;^»*» r«i>«». ->vM »at*»l *0alf.
• ACKAUKNTVt- «»SV-Ti»r** unfutnuhed fr\v>t
jve^*; .*> tHiwimtU w««ei; gts tnd
**,O»T, aurt. v n««rthta»l »-wiw*r l*at*— Tw«
¦UK1) f»n«.l«j!e*!, miup) Itoutrartl lli« rv>uroi;
...>,. ii. 'i la-it nr t» dr-utt; «jut*t. i.-»i->»i-
• »,;• bMth^thwrf, ¦ : . •
MTtN latTTiSiTrVr'^' rurViUhed ; "rwrnV »"lTh
- >' »f ...I. t rn
V»i»^ Sluiwla, UWk INiwet;.-i\ifnUhM or un-
i«'ii!>ii»,! (>»><>*tHCi>« au'.te*. r>>nip!*w (#r-
»,> »¦• ' t •''. . «a» i .ii»«. «!•* *iii{i*.
i ' nooxM t.vo board.
I I'iilVATJJ :»:r,Ur 'nn arstsv.truyUit* a r*rty cf
I*, 1* a w**-i; «tfb; U*v ?<-!! u#« f>i WsJhtn:
w.rk*t tt**vnl4t,L Z\?*> ti'?**r<l *t.. vf.tvi
I.'****- f rr/t > l>th; 4**ir»iAv it^itui^rtvyj<i,
! l'/iAI'Jt gr,i foim, private f»B*I)r: no otter
\*)*',U*>; »•-'».•« n<»; ru <bU4r*n. iU,% ItlZ,
*••*'» "''"'¦ •'¦•¦•
I GfrUrOBTAtt,*!. *":\a<>>. uxArruit Itomt t'.r
tA&Urn*r.; -J-t miniiU* t<* t>tirt* ears; cv/l
J rjna vim r*r{»^ ' },'>.m i»f «u>* toibi:
nit*!y i-jn '.*¦.<*: ; M«I"U*t. Ubt« bo*r<J. ttW
I iEi^ii^?*^ .*'" '•» k i*'>4-__ ¦'*¦¦¦ ¦ / '¦.-¦¦¦-•¦
j Hi.LJ/, Jci-Vie* W t uminbed 5 rocmt. with
•¦,'.»»• Vftf^ii i. ¦-.•'.- -a i : >, > • :•>¦ Hi'.' %.
\.AVMiii, M't-~r.'stn arji br*r-J tor t*rxltra»n.
UAf'.VfSA, HZZ—VuirAt'a't r-X/in and boaid;
tu)tab/< t'.r two.
UAKO.V, CliA. n**r Matttr— Kunrjy rtjom *n1
i.-Mfi in privs'e family.
j .
{ McALLirrcn, J«2— JU^ros and board.
| </FAJtrtKLL, irKA-Kunny furnwbtd r<sjm and
j f.t.:.:rr water, with boftrd,
POUT. 24Z—Tlrs>m, with or without board.
IfX Ma with bo4trT; all location.. i*bon« CUy
r*n.
rtOOMg with board. 11« Turk str«»t.
V.DVr. 112*, opt. Jffferscn I'srk-^TIne furn.
rur.qy r'Ata*; tii,i« board; imi; new manag.
nOV///<r>. MIA— Vlrd-rlaas beard mnij roam.
f.ingl^ if double, |5-»« wk.; American family.
Xt»v#fiS<in Mar.*!on, epj». 'Jrare Church ann»x,
W(X California — 1**9 rootns.learn prlces.try table.
jaooM-aEWTiyo AOgpoY. L
UAOIOM tiHlVVlti. *(/} KMMinir.tr h\<in.—
lUfjtn* io 1*1, with or without housekeeping,
single or In suite*; we rvjjmtnfn'l ;»> hcoti,
404 Kaltht. Mti Ifalght, J1H7 Kills.
IJA'.'i: fOO any rooms to l»t? If you hav* aod
waul th«rn r^ntMl uuick telephon* to Clsy VWi.
STABZ.CB TO LKT.
HTATHyT; I or 2 hor»e«; p!ac« f<sr wagons. 31
I'.i ;••:•/ St., tilt Market, bet. Twelfth and
TblrUtntb,
_7 o _ x *JL A . 8 E-_^^
FOn l»s»«i— California «<rhuetr.^n Club I'srk,
n«ar San rtafa>-l, CallfurnlM. Written »>!<!<• for
th* l's»* of California K'.hu*tz»n Club I'ark
for flvw i-nrn from lJ*r*tnber 20, i'.Hii, will
».• rtr.ri\Ki up to October 1, 1001. at tb« of-
flr« of th* *n-rr%vry of th« California
IcbUttMD Club. I'ark nvA H-Jlldlng A»,-.'»<-l.i-
• lon, O. A. llr»-m*r. B2» K»-arny st,. Ran
I-'ikii' Ir. o. California. Th» form of Ifaii
'and rach «n<l all th« i*rmn an<1 rmyilttcns.
»*r^pt th« amount «,f r«-nt, msy b* *m-t\ at
th«- offl<« of tho MerttaTjr, and any Intending
!»»•»• whote bl>l Is a<--f«-ptr<l will iiave to
give satlafartory srrurltv for th« perform-
• enc* of the Urrni ana conditions of the
l«-a»r, Th« directors reserve the right to re-
y> l any and all bids.
PHILO JA«.Y)nr, I'rctltlenL
O. A. mtKMKIt. H«-crrtary.
TTFuwaiTBaa and Bupptxra.;^
AN *-xf«ptlonally ko-j'1 No, 2. llfmlngton, No. I
Hmlth Prvmltr, I2T»; oth^r typewriters at
higher nri'l !<.w«r prices; rrntaln %'i r.o The
Typewriter Kxchange, 630 California at.
21 /-MA Nli typrwrlt«-rs "old. r»nt«l, rrpalrinJ,
WtbsUr Tyix-wrltlng Iimpec. Co., KOS Market.
DIVIDED P WOTICEB.
UlVIlJIiNU NOTICK— The tJlant I'ow<ler Com-
psny. Con.— A dlvldrnd. No. »;:i, of fifty rents
(M;c> per shar* on tha Issued rsT'ltal stock' of j
the ¦¦iininny has In en dt^larta, pi^yahle at
tbt office of th» cornpnny, rooms 2"2r'2ot and
201 llayward liutMIng, H # in Krnnt-lsco, on I
He|iti-mb*r 10, 11(04. Tran«f«r hooks flosi
Hept. ,J. 1004, nt noon. C. C (JUINN, Htc
LEOAI. WOTICEO.
CHAPTEn CCXI.
AN ACT TO PROVIDE KOU THK 1SHOANCE
ANIi KALIS OK MTATK DONDH Tt> CK1C- |
ATK A KUKU KOIt THK «'()NSTI«J»5TION'|
IIY THK llOAItli OF iiTATI-: IJAItUOU
C«iMMIHKIOf.'i:itH OK A HKAWALL AN1» '
AI'I'IJHTKNANCKH IN THK CITY AND I
COUNTY OK HAN KIlANf'lHCO: TO CIIK- I
ATK A HlNKINt! KUNIi KOH THK PAY-
MKNT OK HAIIl IIONI'H; AND I'ltOVlDINO
KOU THK KCUMIKHION OK TllIH ACT
TO A VOTK OK <JHi: 1'KOI'LK.
(Approved March 2o, 1:10:1 J
The pecpl* ot the filaln of California, r*pre-
a«nled In unnata and aurmbly, do
enact aa follow a:
Section I, Kor th* purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the Indebtedness hrro-
by authorised to I,., Incurred Iiy the board of
Wat* harbor comrnlsulohrjs for th* erection of j
11 i.rnw.,,11 mi.i appurtenaiu-fs In th« .Ity hikI
louiiiy cf fun Kruiu-lsco, at u cost not to exceed ,
two mill t.>n dollars in hi. Ii said aeuwall mul j
appuitensiii-es thn hoanl of Miitn harbor cum-
IIiIsmIoiiits are ln-n Iiy empowered to construct
In tin* niuiiinr niiihui 1,. .1 by Uw, and al a
cost not tit pkrerrl *«id two million dollars), the
»t«t« lininuirr slmll. tinimdlately nflfr th*
Isnumiie of the proilaiuutlo:i ur tlm governor,
provided for In section Irn hereof, pitparn two
lliiiusitnd suitable bondl of Iho Htute of Call-
fuinla, In tin di tiomlnutlon of one Uk.u.ui.,1
dollars etch. Th* wholn Insue of said bonda ,
• hall not exceed the. mini of two million dolUm, I
ana said bonds rlmll tear lnieicst at the mt* ,
of four iwr centum prr annum, from tho j
time of the tain thereof, ami both principal
and Interest shall be payable In gold coin
of the inrtriit utandurd of vnlue, anil they
shall be pH)«hte at th« otttrn of tho stnte
tmimii.r. at IhV rkpliittimi uf nlnetcm ycurs
from ilulr <|ate, ¦iitijevt, however, to re-
demption by lm an In this not hereinafter
provided. Hald Utomls shall l»-ur Uute. tlm
aerond day of January, A. 1>. iilneiren hundred
and lUc, ami shyll be, inn.ti- poyubln on the
aevonil day of Junuury, nineteen hundred i>.nd
twenty-four A. 1 >. Tha Interest accruing 011
lUCh of suld botnl* mm ura sold shull bo duit
and payable at the offlre of thn milil ktate
trrasuter on tha second day of JaiuiHry, and
011 the feecoml day of July, of enoh yi-nr after <
thn mlr of the mm.-; provided, llml tha flrnt I
paynient of Interest mIihII b« made on llio
•>'coiii| tiny of Junuary, A. V. nineteen lain- ,
dred and Mix, on so many of mild bonds as {
may Imw bern thereturmu sold. At tha ex- ]
i'ii « I Ion of nineteen years from tho dute uf .
Mid bonds, nil IniiKia nold shall caatt to bear ,
Inlrreat, and, llkvwUe, nil Imiuln reilcenied by I
l»t t.tmll inifr to 1..-IH- liiterml aa In this j
I act pruvlded, mi. I the .-vil.l »tutr UniMin-r rlmll I
• tall In, forthwith imy, and cimorl the suiiip,
out nf the moneys In the h'un Kranclacu seawull
•Inking mini provided for In this uct. nnd |
he ahull on the first Monday of Junuury, nine- <
Iren hundred Mint twenty-four, nlxo <-.uu<-l niul
• Ii nil. 1) all bi>mla not theretoforn sotd. All |
Im.ii. |» Issued ¦hall be i.Ikii.iI by the guvetnoi,
and t-ouiiter«lKtird by 111* controller, and shall !
be endorsed by llin ktnte Ireaauier, mil o.uh
¦ball bav* the «ftul of iho state stamped
ilipirnn. llaili burnt shall contain n iluuxi
that It Ik aubjert to redemption b>* lot uft-.-r !
the rear li'U. !
t>er, 'J. Interest coupona shall be attached ;
to vach of mill bonds, so that such coupon*
may br removed wttlmul Injury tit or imnilii-
tloii uf the In. ml. Hald coupuiif* ahall be coil- !
st>cutlv«ly nuinlirred, nnd Muill be nlgnod by ;
the »tate titmturer. Hut no Interest on nuy {
oC i.tl.i IkhhI* sbull be paid (or any time which
may Intervene between the date of any >f
satd bouds and tho Usuo and wile thcieut to
a purvhuM-r.
Her. H. The sum of one thousand dollars U 1
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that j
may 1"- lut'ttrrrd />y the state ticaaurer In ;
hu\ ln»; o.il.l l»'iul' pi'epnir-il, S..K1 amount Shall I
be. paid out of the Kan Krnncisco harbor mi- 1
pruwimiit fund on controller's warrant* duly :
drawn lor that purp»>»«». j
.*mi. 4. \\l-.«n the bonds authorised to be
I- kiirtt under this act shull be duly executed,,
tliry shnll be by the nUto ti<>a»urrr tuld at
public uurtlon tu the highest bUIUrr for casli,
in such parcels and numbera as stttd treasurer
• hull t>e directed by the guxemor of the "late.
under th* *••«« thereof, m(ki u rrsolutlon re-
uuestlni; iMich mlf »hall hav* been utlopted by
the board of atate hiirbor cvnunissionera: but
¦aid treasurer must reject any und all but*
(or Mid bonds, or for any of them, which
shall be below th* par value of nald bond*
•o offered ; and he may, by. public announce-
• ment at the pUr« and Um* fixed fur tha
»»ie, coutlnue such sale, as to the whole ot
the bonds uttered, or any part thereof offered,
to such time and place as he may select.
Due notice of the time and place of Mle
ot all- bonds mutt be given by mid treas-
urer by publication In two newspapers pub-
lished In the city and county of bun K r «n-
vlsco, and al*a by publication In one news-
paper published In the city uf Oakland, and
by publication In one newspaper published In
th* city of Los Anceles. and by publication
In on* n*w»pap«r published In the city ot
t<acr*in*nto, once a week during (our weeks
prior to surh sale. Th* coals of such pub-
itcikttnn 'Halt I 1 * paid out of the, San Fran-
cisco h*r^r tmprt>ve.tuent futid. on <.vnt roller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose., Th*
proceed* of the s*|e of such Kinds »h*.M bo
torthwlth paid over by «atd treasurer Into'th*
ireaniry, and mutt be by htm kept in a.«ep<
¦ rate mini, to I* known and designated «s
th* "San Krancl»eo Seawall Kund" and muit
be uted exclusively for the construction wf
•eawalU and tfppurtenances Ihetfto un tht
water front ot th* city and county of S*n
Kranclsco. Uratta and wairant* u;h-i> said
tund shall be drawn upon and ahatl bo imia
out of *ald fund In the mini inamiM- a*
drafts and warrants ar« drawn upon and pa la j
out ot Ih* San Fr*tu'l»co harbor imp* v\ t num
rv«d.
s=o«\ ft. 1 «»r th* payment of tht principal
and Interest ot *ald t»>iu1« .» sinking tuuJ, to t«<
1. now 11 and dcrUnated aa the "Sab Kimiu-Imm
1 s.- a wall Mtikiin; Kund" shall be and the mm
U hereby vi«At»d. as follows: Thw state treat-
ut-rr shall, ost the rlrtt it.vy of ra>h .unl w»>ry
month after the sale cf said bonds, lake frv-.;i.
the Van-^Yancltw harbor iwrrovement fund
»>uh kutn a», multiplied by the tiwe th* bondt
then » «ld cni iutFi»ii,li!it Ii«m t,i tun. ulil
equal the piiiu-ltvl or Iho bond* sold and out-
•tandlug at tb.i time Mild tietsurcr shall »o tak*>
A>4»TyCgT ITOCrgTSJL^
{ ir, 1/*Cf»~72~i iurkvsi fi,—tt*4*rn S-4-4
; WOOKU TO X.BT— rara. and Vmturn.
1 J -. . , , „
I A—woLr HOCfZ. *, Vf. tut, r.'.tih »r.;
;<»./¦) v.y.. ( • t- r mi-,n tt't. single rootn«,
I?' »ir,, - -n. Hit* t* il; tsi'm try tft* wtttk. iii
i a~»j»«;"<"wick iuw, nn ruth m.--rj»om*
it* U* II %'f >¦>'••. II '-- in IS p*r fM» cb4
} I'ri.i i -,*t ***.'* \A-% fissn.t; f/ptn all r.l*n»
: AT Tt» AliKf/M*." *'% M»/k»t a«. tor Ko. 1
fifth m- > t '.;«., ':'.', fir, II, II Vi tilgbl;
II 6*# i<* sJ'/ m*t%; b'**i*« u\i*n all night.
\
i > mi s»e, i i» f'j-f. .».•«! front f*.tr.. |4.
UYXMUr.lt Uw, «>*r Owl «n$g st*»e, J »o-
•»«f.-»i. llVt litiun sn4 21 Tit* r.\*>>r,<
i i> ¦» f.t.i.irt water :n wry ruotr,; V*i
rommj Tlm t« t/K p*r wight; II » ut f* mmk
I r.VUU. ~t»-tX'*jm io l»t.
I II
1 K.UUT, 3, rijtnit Market aM I'ow'll— H«ltes and
i sii-gie t-s.ti.». t.n* view Mark*t>tt. lllumlba>
t l*t.».
' %'Mtit. *:i- Kl'ganily furr>i*h*d parlor suite;
«/<).»r I'futn*; rliajjfg I'smiUm; »»asvnst»>,
: i.hijf \-/j: a sunny front room for rent.
j KIOIITH ave ,t7<,r.r.l'st1r;K4<1y-«t r«rs-2 aun-
* ny pmrlmri. tsy-wlndow r. tor rviple 0f 2 mm
i EI.U«, li-T:Ut)f UtrnUYii* wmi.
j KLLIH, TS2- Kurn!if,»4 rooms to Ut.
' fOUOUi t2> I*fi« front parlcr, with all
"-i/.f'.iie, tur 2 g*«?l*m»n,
rniJn:U. IU4— Wunny room with gse store.
KItANKLIN. 721, ft**r O. U. ava,— Runny fur-
i. !•».»<• front room*, euliabte for two, 110.
yvt:Ul*MKU rix-rns i« t»t, all l«»tlone. J'bone
Ctty »!»«. ¦ .-.--.;
• «i V. * I : Y . tJw7"-^~ttU+\y~Uru iTh^r^infi^T'bar"-
» :•¦ - v. i»<i.i t-,»,ii. . i •».•¦¦.. suitable for Into
j •-! mi"
j OOLUKN OATK '•%».,' Ml, n«sr Vsn K»»s—
i'.. r i.;»i. ••'i front eulte; reasonable; <yth*fe,
OOI.'OII, 723~XI>e furnished r^om.
UllANO «<j-jt».«rn, 7th an4 Mission— Ito'/ms 35c
i« II 2ft bight; || so to 14 wk.; readlng-rm.
<;»<i.» . '\ i< ii, we.) -Ijuf unfurnUh«d room.
OflOVK) .'.:.» r>. r i,i »i,»4 room.
if/ 1 .'. / nn. 704, near TTilrd~ l"urnlth»d rooms.
I ii'. v A it i' 7lf>--L«rge sunny rooma at tow
I tatet; .¦'¦ lo II dsy and II 25 to IS week.
IIIOWAnD. 7.17'/4~Kurniehe4 rwms to let.
! HOWARD, va-1 aullos hous»k»eplpg rooms;
also aliigle,
I KowAriii. ka (CiiNka Ifftnit? com-
fr.rtille fuinlshrd r<x>ms.
j lldVVAMIf, loS0~Kuml»h»d aunny front rooms;
| gas; 12 up, -
j ll'»W'Alt!»T IWJi.~Nh.ely fmrniishM aunnr
MM/irm; i<innlng watrr: reasonable.
¦ IIYI'K, ll?»— Nl<"», sunny fur. room] modern
ronv«nltii>'-*i: »ul(«l,|f tur '>n« or two; r*aa.
IIVI>K, Ili4t»-Itooms,
,
{ IIVI'K. 1MI--Ito.jm to IH.
. ¦ — — — —
j LAKKIN, 40* Parlor suite for 4 to « vllttora;
r)ist-<lsr» i>rlvate houa*.
i UBAVRNWORTU, 10n». Utwwn /'allfoint*.
and rin«~ft rooma and bath.
> MAitKi.i.. 1010 (Th« Katmouth)— Hunny rooms,
tiot, i -.i-i water, e|avator;wlndowa fur parade.
; MAItKICT, lf.f»7- 2 unfuriil>hi*d ruotna for
1,.111-rllr. Jlllj .
M> ALMHTI'.lt. C70, near Van K»»a ave.— ;
hiilstita TtmiiUr. rooms alngle or rn suite;
li.,iifrk«r|>ing; modern flat; walking distance.
Mi- A LLIHTr.lt, 777— Well furnTsh*»4 hntiMkeep.,
ing Imni parionj rooma for Knights Ttm«
1'la.r; low i»nt. '•-¦>- " ; -
MINNA, MB— Wswlr furnished rooma.
'
MI"MI«'N'. Mfl Iti.oir* to let.
MIKNinN. Ill I '«- Nicely furnished sunny front
loom; also tiihrr r<Kims.
. MlftHloN. 1 01. 1 nrar Hlith— furnished front
room for 2 adults; folding bed; no algn.
1 MIMHIKN. 1013. near rilxth -Kniall front room
for gentleman; II r.n per week; nn sign.
] MIPHION. IMD-PurnUhed rooms.
1 M'"HION, ggQS-lton'mTT, let.
j M1MHION. 37<»»-To let, furnished rooms.
TAYI/m. CI~Klr»lrlsM nultea and atngia
loom*; slram heat, hot and cold water; re*.
minalile.
TKNTII, 110— I^rge double room; centrally lo-
rated.
I NINTH, K&~KurnUhrd rooms to let.
I <>AK. HXJ~ Newly furnished tiasrmrnt room;
rent ID.
| CMTAVIA. ii.v, i.«r«» wetl*furnlshed room for
) tin r* >oung turn.
Ot.TAVIA. llf.7- -Wrll-finnishnl mourn; fas;
hath; phone.
' iTrAItTllciX. 7in. nr. I^rktn-2 light, eunny.
Urge unfur. hiHiM>kt>g, ruumi; rwonabl*.
<> KAItlti:l.L. IUU — <:tiolre, eireptlonal nri-oni-
imiiiBltons for v lulling Knights; sultra of .1 or
in.. 1 1' looms; uUii duulile and single irxiine,
; ul"AHIti:i.L, 1830, Heat Iliu hai.nn • 2 fur-
n*»li»d rooms; Iml and cold W'atST] Imili.
> phone] lib; i<rlvat»; alsu slnglr. flO anil |it,
I" Mil", SI— Kurnlshrd rocinis,
j pint, iii< fine aunny rooms; cheap; aultable
fi>r two «i-uiienicii.
IMNK, 1733, near Van Ness— Klegantly tur-
ni.iir.i sunny rooms; |irlvate family; all ron-
VfDllMH! inodrrate,
! POPT, 3IT— Klegantly furnlahed rooms, Plpgle
or en aulte, for conclave vlettora; reasonable.
POST, kku— l^rge fiirnlthed front rmnn; run-
nn k water; fur 1 or S gents; refewncea.
HITCH, 23«-S runny front room* ti> let.
BACRAMKNTOl, mil— Neat and very sunny
; rear room: private family; gmlleman.
i *¦"¦* - ¦
HAt'UAMr.NTO. 1«12— A sunny lialt room In
riUate family for grntleman.
i i > iM r, ".'M • Mo runny suite of. rooms dur*
ini conclava,
i MIOTWKLU 66* — Nicely furnished sunn>
Ifutxnt; private family,
HTICVKNPON. 7?4— Fniall furnished rocm~*to
Ut.
Bl'TTKU. »01— The Mrchmnnt. betwern Orant
axe ani Niockton st.— iVntraU con\^ni»nt:
rl»tant rtvima fur conclave. week; rates |1 to
It ter da v. t"ars direct from ferry,
srtTKit. 1AU— furnished rooma to let. ' '
THK UMICIIMONT. Sal Butter-New brick
tutldlnr. finely furntthed; modtrn; central;
rates reasonable,
THIHP. 304 (The Mayflo«er>— IMratant suny
rurnUhed r.»m-«; rential; reatonahle.
THUKK-OHAin barber •hop for sale; 1150. OS
KUth tt.
I i
TVItK. »01— KumUhed to»>m to let,
TWKNTIKTII. 5ti.\tv— To rent. Urge sunny, fur-
nlshrd rtwin; 1st.
• l!MTKl> ¦TTATKS, r.-3 i:«m>. near Market— 400
; it..M«i». .<>o ia |1 night, II 7D to |tt week; elec*
I trio lights (m gast, running water In every
iivm; eltxatcr, te«d,>room: tree bus; baggaie.
j VALENCIA, KM— rurntthed itomi to let.
WlKCIICtTCn lintel. 41 3.1 •«.. ne«r Market —
Mi>»t t-onx^-nlmt and respectable; TAX* rccmi:
:;>v <A 11 &9 night: ?•-• t.» I* wt«S] «-lev«ti>r;
el»». UkMs; renting -tocm; free bu»; bagtage.
I AUVCItTif lUIRNtH. sub*crtptt»n« t*c»1v*4 at
1 i Call l>«anoh otftce, cor.Dancaa and fhutrh »t«,
J jTimANCII \yifif* «rTlie" FaTl <^wVht're«er7ton
, ikf «.i> ei 1 1 i. r!'"!i;» and i>ut>*. tlriioi'a tia« i<*m
«!»««»d at l«VS Market •«., vjycute Kitth.
I Oi-en until It p. m,
. cllKArK^T^BT i«e»t TiT Xwt7«c«~TSe "\\Vekty
j •'•II. U i4to, .mi (¦> any address In lit*
¦ Tutted "late* or C*n»d* vo« j»«r Ur »1,
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
I of COXDEMXED FIHE DEPAr.T-
, MEXT HORSES aad MAKES- By crder r
- MATOR E. E- KHMTTZ. I »!« •»!* » to - «
i c 3^em=«I FL-e Dr»«=«* >=or«« .c»
{THUnSDAT. September *. at "•«;**•*
GKOVE STREET STACLES. VS. CKJVB
: STREET. This is * «»»» °^°' tau * 7 J^
farmers, teachers and contractcrs to get good
heavy Jra-'t fcor^ and n*r** at tie.r own
! prices, as tiey nniat be soli
3 WATKLVS. Auct^iceer.
*^ £*
ACCTIOV S.\LS-W> GOOD HOB3E3 A.NT>
! MABeI? °vVfDXESDAT Sept 7.J*
J ARCADE HORSE MARKET. — S=-*-= «-
J JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
j tEGAt^KOTICZS— Ccntlnoel.
! tn'S. %'-'.:. if. to cai'l Ban Vzi.u: ]»'.•> t.arb-.r !=.-
J' ;»-•¦' ::.-it* lur-o, lc«* •;.- ar/iv-jr.i ttteretofcr*
u/"j titvrt.ltt.-ai : ,r tai i jj>;^ji-, un-i tut »¦:»;:
,;.•./'-• toe ••-«:.:•! ri.- Han i ii.t.-:.i:-j »*»x«)l
« »iciilc- '.:¦-. i cr+*U;6 \,f •;.:• »'.t. fisld »tate
ttrtzsunT tUm'A. en t vairvl \rf* warntsts £•;'¦/
) «..«!¦.¦.;, utt '•'»•- XAtrtx/it* , ttnyUiy tb« laoneya in
\ >*>¦: tirX',r.z ivwi \u i .*»• wrautMt ot \xxt&» et
u -. VuiUni tl'-vrr, ur >'. titt liiMtx cf Caliiorsia,
I W of u-.- .-¦.¦.•/*! couotl^s './ cuucici^aliUes bl
t the >:•-— cf CmiiU>tt}Smj wcJ<b aatd bond* shall
I t* < ¦ j.i «n a uioixr fjutylMX*. apjrroprt-
! *u</ i.i\*-\'C. but .',- mukt keep always on
i.-jt-i s*. Ki'.t,- i'.M a.-i.'.v;.'. 'ii lu.t.'-y in said
ulukitig :>.:¦•: --..'•: -*!,<.¦¦:> to p*y tbe Inter-
< »t ',:• »u- f; of .th* atsM :*'.r.'l» h«reln pro-
•;¦'.•¦: to I.- ir>u«rd let, m»y have toeretoiore
b^eri ttilA. Ac4 '.-> pri/wle uM-ans tor tbe
t«jB!»nl cf Stiterect '..-• i».». bends tbat tzuty
tm *Ai atxl •//•»u.-.'!!(,;-, %sl-l treasurer shall
aKMtl} t»*>« Iroro the jtfan FrancJaco bartx^r
< i--.-. ;:-,••::¦' rsi iuiui. a.-.-2 pay Info aatd iti*t!l
' *•-..*. it -a tund. an amount *>\<y.\ to tb« monthly
! Interest I&CO du« <.t, utl torjds then sold, de-
i i..H'-; sr.'J ouesUnding. Tbe board of sute
' isfi/.r < ,tn:r.:r*\-Ai"<* are b«r«by authorized and
. <1U*cV,4 by tii* collection of dockage, toll*.
] rents, wharfage aad mntft, to collect a sum
I <A taor.ty ri!fi<.>i.: tor Hit purposes of tnle
I act, ovtr and above tbe amount limited by
{ **c:ion two ti>«Ufand five hundred and twenty-
g-ix of tbe Political Code of th« Sute of
FCaHfor/iia, Uetween the flrtt and tbe tenth
' d*y of November, In the year nineteen bun-
j dred a&l fourteen and between the flrtt and
i tl>« tenth day cf November of each year tbere-
I aft*r until lb« maturity of eald bonds, the
• » r. j-l tr'rfisuser -hall, in the pieaenee of the
governor,, proceed to draw by - lot »uch an
km'yuot of bonds as shall be rcwjutaltc to
exhaust as nearly as msy It tbe amount In
ul>J slDklog fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of Dt-
<-tmbtr IcJlowlnjf glva nollot by public ad-
j vertisement to i> lcf.'rt*d twlc* a week for
1 t*o weeks In two n«»cpapers j>ubll«b#4 In
j the city and county of Kan I-'ranciaco, and al»o
! In ifT.t ntrmpait^r published In the city tit O«k-
: land, and also In en* newspaper published in
< the city o( Los Angeles, and also in on*
1 i.i ¦nrj/.-ii'-r published In the city of Sacra-
; tuentu. otatlng tfc« number of bonds so drawn
and that the principal of £&!d bonds will In
\ raid on prtsentstlon to the tr'.-asurer on or;
. brfftie l'»«" recond day of January, following.
! and that frc-m and after such last named \
i date all Inteiest utKin l>on<ls thus drawn shall ¦
c*a»«, and It -shall' t« tbe duty of the treas- I
ut*r a* »oon as said \,-jn4r so drawn by lot i
«r« wrrendef^d to him and paid to cancel ¦
tl.e *ame an'l the lnt»r«:*t coupons thereon !
I ond «a< h year Ixpglnnlns with tbe year IUU I
' Ui.: *ni'i treaaurer sliall. In tha manner afore- ,
; said, proc^d to draw by lot such an amount !
I of b'.ii'I* as shall be r*'|ul»l'~ to exhauat ai ¦
I nearly a« may be the amount In aald sinking
I fut.d, and proceed In th» manner herelnab*v«
J »tat"l. Mwr the payment of all of said bonds,
I the surplus or balance remaining in Bald sink-
I inK fund. It any lUvre be, shall forthwith be
! pal4 Into tb« Han Francisco harbor Improve-
I ment fund. At the time of the reirpectlve draw-
• lugs by lot as aforr«ald. and also at the ma- '
I turlty of said statw bond*, said treasurer shall
, f II tbe !.'nli"l Stales or other bondn then in
1 ml'! alnklng fund, at governing market rate*.
' after advertl*tng th« saie th«:r*of In the man-
i fli-r h«r»-lnb«icire provided for the sale of bonds
; I.- r- iiy authorized to be Issued, and shall use
' ")i<- j r- < •?•••is fur the payment of such bonds as i
< may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity of <
I stiid Ixinds outstanding shsll pay and redeem ¦
i ta\4 matured outstantllng bonds out of said .
I moneys In tnld fund In extinguishment of cald
i i.'.h'Im on controller's witrranta duly drawn
; lor'thwt purpeme.
Bee. 0, 'I'ii'- state controller and the state
ti« :imrr r nhall V"i> full and particular account
and record of all their procecdlnga under this
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
mi abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by thn governor
laid before tho l'glnlaturo biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter
provlilftd for In tills act Khali at all tlmea be
open to the Iniipcctlon of nny party Interested,
ur the governor, or the attorney general, or
a eommlttea of cither branch of the legislature,
or a joint committee of both, or any citizen
of the state.
Beo 7. It shall be the duty of the state
tn-jmurfr to pay the lnl*reirt of said bonds,
wli.-n tb* f.-iiM" fulls ilii'. out of tha sinking fund
prnvidoii for In this act, on controller's war-
I runls duty drawn for Ihkt purpose.
, h'f. N. Tills act. If adopted by the people,
: rlmll take r-ttrct on (hn thirty-first day of De-
cember, A. I', nineteen humirt-d and four, as
I to ull It* provisions except tho*« relating to and
iM-n-cMiry for Its submission to the people,
1 und for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing th« voten, and us to said executed pro-
vIhIoiim this act (hall take effi-ct Immediately.
Bee. 0. Tills act ahall be submitted to the
people of the Htate of California for their
ratification nt the next general election, to !¦••
holilrn In the month of November, A. D.
nli:<-i<-''ii hundred and four; and nil ballots
st guld election Khali have printed thrreon,
. and at the end thereof, the words "For the
I Fun Francisco Seawall Act." and In a **p-
I atatn line und»r the rame the words "Agalnnt
I the Ran Francisco Heawall Act," and opposite
. raid Iliifa thrrn ahull b« left spaces In which
thn voters limy make or stamp a croan to
I Inrllcatn whother they vole for or against the
mild act, and tint.* voting for said act shall
do »o by placing a cross opposite the words
"l-'or the Han Francisco H.-a wall Act." and all
Mi. mil voting agalnnt the *ald act shall do so
by plnclng a crosn opposite the words "Agalnit
thu Ban Francisco Kenwall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state fthatl Include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, aa aforesatd. In
I hln proclamation calling for mild general elec-
I tlon. • •
i H*e. 10. The vntr« cast for or ngatnst this
| act rhall b* counted, returned arid canvnimed
and «1<-clar»>d In the i>ami> manner and subject
I to thn sanin rulrs on voten -cast for stat*
{ officers; nnd If It appear that eald uct shall
have received a majority of alt thn votes cast
for and arrulust It at such election, as aforesaid,
thrn tho miine shall hav« effret as hereln-
j brfore provided, and »hall be Irrrpenlahln
until the Mliii-lpal and Interest of tho llahll-
| ltli« herein rr- ati-d t-hnll l>" paid nnd dlx-
I rhnrRril, and the governor »hall make procla-
I miitloii Ihfreof; but If a majority of the votes
• r.-iM as nfprevald lire ngulnnt this act, then
I thn same ahall be mid become void.
ffo, II. This net may be known and cited
! an the ••San Francisco Seawall Act."
J Bmj. 11*. All n.iK nnd parts of acts In
| conflict with the M'uvlMitnn of this act are
liernliy rrpralrd.
AWD STAMMEBIKO^
MKIJK/UUNi: InstltuU, Vnn Ness and Market,
cures: fstnb. In S.K. 4 yrs. Houm 1 to 5 p.m.
BIRTHS— MABbTaGES— DEATHS '
• Dlrth. marring nnd death notices gent by
mail will nut h« linrrtt*<l. They munt be hnnd»<i
' In nt rlthi r of thn publication offices and bj
' Indorsed with the name and residence of p< r-
' i>miH uuthorl;.ni to huvo the same published.
; Notices restricted simply to thn announcement
I or tin" ivent ">•>• i.utili^hnl once in this column
' trrx of chnrKP. __^^_^__^^___^
i noiti.
j GltnEN— In, tliisi clly. Spplcmbrr 1. 1001, to
• tlm wlfo of .1. W, Creep, it >>on.
I KANZKK— In thin city, August .10. 1001. to
I . the wife of Arthur lviini^c, u son.
• "LKVY — In this rlly. Augunt 25. 11)01, to the
wlfo of Ellns Levy, a non.
! MAR111KD.
! McL.MjTilII.IN— U1U)\VX— In thin city, Sep-
) temlxr I, lt>0». by the Hev. Father Cum-
! inlngn .hums II. McLHiighlln anil KHzubcth
Drown, both of this city. .
Bcrsnofcr, Conrad McGovcrn. Rosa
; Illack. I>anlrl Monnier. Oeonte
¦ Carroll, i:«therlne Moore, Horuce II.
! I'.uicf, Catharine I'euraon. Mathilda
Hullninlitle. Caroline l'feifcr. Kate
Johnson, Thomns i'liito, Samuel . \
Klliri ii. John J. ru-rsun. Wllllnm M.
l,«r«en, l»n«r C, C. Sh«-pler, Kilo M.
; L»\vls, Arnold M, Stevens. Josc'nh 8.
j Mui'oiic, I'Vllee K. ijtoddurd. Anthony
I 'Masun. Vlrgtl K. \Voodworth, Rev. -J.
i'niCnOltoFER— In thin city. September -4,
i 11)01. Conrad, beloved father of Mrs. l'uvhl
! HchonfeM and Mrs. Otto Hurmrlster, a na-
tive of Witter. Oertnany, aged 74 years ami
'Hi (Ihjk. A member of San Francisco
Lodge No. .11. 1!. A. O. «I>., and California
Stumm. U. O. R. M.
(CTFrtcmls mul acquaintances arc respect- i
fully Invited to annul the funeral Tucday.
t>ptc»«ber «. at 1 i». m.; from lirulds' lull.
413 Slitter Mtrevt. between Powell nnd '
Stockton. Interment Mount Olivet Ometery,.
by carttcse.
BLACK— In this city September 2. 1001,
DnnUl Kl.ick. beloved husband cf Mary
KUck. lute of rorllaiui. Me., aged TO years.
(IVrtlatid. Me., i>apera please copy.)
E r Funeral to take ulace Monday. Sep-
tember &. nt 0 tf. m.. ¦ from ' .St. Agnes
Church. lirmntii.s at the residence of hl»
brother. Ilcnry M. Ulack. lil Uroderlck
street. ¦-.'¦
CARROLL— In this city. Sfrt'mber 2. ll»04.
Catherine Carroll, beloved • wife of John l>.
Carroll, and mother of James J. Carroll,
Mrs. O. SchwerdtfeRer and Mrs; Sarah
Olbhons a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
irTKilrnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlwil to attend tho funeral services
Monday. September 5. 1004. at 0:30 a. m..
at th» mortuary chaixl of Julius s. Gcdeau.
3ti3 >' Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DANCK— In this city." September 4. 1001.
Catha.rlri>* K. C., brloved wife ot R. \V.
Da.nct, ahd sister of Maria Xrergaard, a
native of IVnmark, aceU 15 years S months
and 7 days.
HULLMAN'TLK— In this city, September ¦«.
; UH)I, ill her residence, tv; Golden Gat*
avenue. Caroline. Hullmantle. beloved aiater
of OUlle. Prctda and L'll:abeth Allsetts, a
i nstl\-« of Oermany. aged CT years 10 months
I ami 3 days,
JOHNSON— In. the City and County Hospital.
* September ¦*, lt»C*,' Thomas Johnson. * m-
t|\e of I'nmnik, asril 4t yean.
K1LLUKX— In thU city. September 3. 1901.
. John Josi'nii. , t>< !o< ¦«-,! . husband - oC . Lottie
Jamts-McijTunr 11 ™"" Henry JUaTear™"^
' JAMKS MCGINN* & CO., I
Formerly >Vlth McGinn Rrcs. • I
— — l*»»ner«l lJlrectors «nd Embalmtrs— - ; I
:il KOJy st. Tel South 876. I
IKHtoa. awS *ca cf Hsgh 3. and the Ute
Atmlrn Ki!l»*n, and brother c5 Mass!*. TeMle
tn4 Mj»te KUleen aad Mrs. Oo:g*
' Lyons, a naflT* of Kaa Frasttsco. a«erJ 31
yearn 11 jncst&a and I day. A meisber of
*l<A4*n Ca?« Lodge J.'o. «6. O. Y. I. A. iSaa
3ft* p*(xrs i:*zjt* copy.)
' r7K«s*!ss at th* parlor* of McFaioea.
Mclirwrty £ Gr*ea 1171 Mission street. b<-
twwn Seventh aad Eighth.
LAJUsEJf— In tfcl» city. S*pt*niber 4. 1SC4.
Inger C. C. Larseo. belored wife cf the j
late 3. P. Larsen. and devoted taolber ot I
Kauri tz and Alfr«d Lar* -n. and *i«t«- of .
: K. C. and C. P Toft. Mrs. B. A. B«**r and
J Mtea Catherine Tort, a native oX Bchleswlg. |
Germany, aged 40 years.
I LEV»'I»— In Alarzeda. S*rrteasb*r 3. l»Ct. j
A:;yA<i Mayna/d lyewi* belored htuband o!
tbe Ut« Mary A. L*wU, and fath»r of Mr».
If. DoM-h cf .->*t'.i*. Jiln Opbeila and
j ArncM M. Ix.wi* Jr.. Mrs. A. L. Meusaann
; of Fru Itvale and Mrs. G. L. Grant of
I h'eatttle. a native of Dalton. Mais., aged V.
¦' year*. (Hudscn. K, T.. papers please copy.)
' CTTuneral Mcnday, Hepteraber 5. at 2
P. to., from Fowler's undertaking parlcr.
1524 Park »tre*t. Interment private. Jio-a-
U!n View Cemetery. .
U AROSE— In this city. September 3. 19W.
F>Uee Enrico, dearly beloved son cf Felice,
A. an4 LJzzie Marone (nee Mabcney). and
brotfc* r of Louisa Marone, a native of Han
Fiancieco, age<l S months. v
Z"TPt\tA% and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral Monday.
September Z> 1901 at 1 :30 p. rr... from his
parent*' residence. 6 Cadell street off Union.
b*tween Dupont and Stockton. I Interment
Xew Italian Cemetery.
MASON— In this city, September 4. 13C4.
'Virgil jc, btloved eon of Mary V. and
James 8. Maeon. and brother of Mrs. John
i". Barnett, a native of fian Francisco, aged
10 years and 11 days.
McGOVERN— In thla city. September 4, 1904.
Hose, belovrd wire of lb« late Thomas Me-
Govern, and mother of Hazel L,. and Tbor-
low McGcvern, a. native of Nevada, aged 41 !
years. \
MONNIER— In this city. September 4, 19<M. I
Cecrge Monnier. b«love4 husband of Annie j
Marie Monnier. and father of George Mon-
nier. and brother of Pierre Monnier and |
; Mrs. '."arty, and uncle of Hn. WllUams, j
Mrs. Collins. Madeline Monnier, Mrs. Lona
j Anderson, Mrs. Krlntr and tbe late Edward
Monnier, aged K'i yeara 4 menths and 1J
days.
! BVFuneral V/ednea-lay, September 7. at
9.:u) a. rn., from his lat* residence. 2111
Folrom street, thence to Notre Uarno des j
V'lctolr»-s (French) Church. Bush street, be- t
tween Dupont and Stockton, where a high i
r'-'iuUm mass will b« celebrated for th« I
repose of hla soul, commencing at 10:30 !
a. in. Interment private. Pleate omit
flowerg.
MOORE— In this city. September 3, itXM.
Horace II.. beloved husband of Ann Moore,
a native of New York City, aged 83 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral this day
(Monday), September 5, at 8 p. m.. from
the undertaking parlors of Theodor Dlerka,
'.io~ Mlsiilon atreet. between Fifth and Sixth.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PKARHON— September 4. 1WM. Mathilda 1 , be-
loved wife of Nels Pearson, and mother of
K/Jward O. and Robert A. Pearson, and
stepmother of Anna. Eater and Minnie Pear-
eon, a native of 8weden, aged 37 years 8
months and 21 days.
PFEIFER— In Oakland September 3, 1904,
Kate, beloved wife of Philip Pfelfer. and
mother of William Pfelfer and iMrs. Charles
A. Murphy, a native of Germany, aged StS
yeara 0 months and 23 days.
riERSON— In this city. September 4.wlOO*.
William M.. hu»band of Anna R. Plerson,
and father of Lawrence. H. and Fred H.
Plereon, and brother of Mrs. Alfred K. Dur-
brow and Joseph T, Plerson, a native of
Ohio, aged til' years and 7 months.
(ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
PLATO— In this city, September 4. 1801,
Hamuel, beloved husband of the late Augusta
Plato, an<1 father of Mrs. I. Roth and
Robert, Fred and Iraac Plato a native of
I'Oficn, Pruniila, aged 00 years.
SHKI'LER— In this city September 4. 1004.
' Ellc M.. beloved son of Alexander P. and
Mary A. Shopler. a native of San Francisco.
*K'd 1 month and 8 days.
BTBVENS— In this city. September 4 1004,
Joseph S., beloved son of Mary and the late
Kamuel 8. Stevens, and brother of Samuel,
Resale, Helle. Rertha, Jennie, Eva and the •
late George Stevens, a native of California,
aged 10 years 5 months and '1 days.
STOUDARD— In this city, September 3 1904,
Anthony M.. dearly beloved husband' of E.
It. II. Stoddard. and father of Mrs. Resale
Auley, Mrs. Grace Ryder and Mlns Ivy and
Roy Htoddard. a native of Iowa, aged 60
yeara 10 months and *7 days. (San Jo*e, •
Cal.. and Dea Molnes, low* papers please
copy.)
EtTFrfcndx and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.. from th* parlcrs
of II. F. Suhr St. Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WOODWORTII— In thia city. September 3.
1004. Rev. Jamea •\Voodworth.Vanderbilt's Marigold a Winner.
PARIS, Sept. 4\— W. K. .Vanderbilt's
Marigold won the Prix de Versaillesv
distance ten and a' half .'furlongs, at
Longchamps to-day. , ....
CHILD OF EIGHT YEAUS
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Drowns Himself in Presence of Play
mates Because He: Had ; Been
Whipped at v Home. ¦
AKRON. Ohio.j Sept. V— After sev
eral \ times/- threatening to . commit sui
bide because he had' been beaten fat
home,. Clyde- McVettie, 8 years - old,
drowned himself to-day -in the pres
ence of several playmates.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Sept. 4.— Darkness «nded
to-day's same- with Plttsburu at the end of
the twelfth Inning: with the score a tie. Leevw
was batted hard at the outset, but was In
vincible after the third lnnlnz. Harper had
one bad innlne, the ' seventh. Attendance,
81*00. Score : .
R. H. E.
Pittsburgh. ..4 8 2
Cincinnati v •...•;•••••••• 4 14 7
* Batteries— Leever and Phelps. 'Harper and
'Schlei. ; Umpire — Zimmer. , ... r -.
» '^CHICAGO, Sept;! 4.— Chicago won out ln"V
•free .hitting- and loose Melding game by bunch
ing hits and superior base i running. Attend
ance, "500. Score:
-6t.v£duis : !-.'I -¦.'.!!.'.'.'.'.".'¦".'!!¦!.'.'!!.! 5 ' S «
¦ Batteries— Brown and Kling; McKarland and
Zearfoss. Umpire— Jolinstone.
Darkness Puts a Stop to a Great Con
test Between 1'ittsburg and
. .Cincinnati. :
NATION Al* LEA 6 UE.
TWELVE INNING GAME
ENDS IN A TIE SCORE
In the first race the Fannie beat the
Cricket, Imp, Alice, Amelia and Thel
ma; time; 3:20. The 'Alice won the
second race: time, .4:19. -They sailed
the third race In 3:28 and the fourth
in 3:55. ,
As many of the model yacht.own
ers expected there would not be
enoush. wind to hold the usual Sun
day pennant races yesterday, the num
ber of entries was small... Only six
boats competed. Despite the extreme
ly light wind the time In the first race
was good. Commodore Collier's Fan
nie won the pennant, winning three
out of the four races sailed. Bren
nan's Aiice won the second race. This
is Collier's third victory wi^h the Fan
nie. She is now tied for first place
with the Santee and Roma:
Takes Three Out of Four Contests in
the Competition on Spreck
.... . els Lake. . , . '
COMMODORE COLLIER'S BOAT
WINS MODEL YACHT RACE
LOS "ANGELES, Sept. 4.— The ex
tremely, hot weather affected, both
teams to-day and "they played rather
listlessly. .Los Angeles took the fifth
consecutive game by- the : score of S
to 6. . The visitors outbatted" the lo
cals, .but the Angels made every hit
count. - San Francisco made three in
the ninth afteritwb men. were 'out. '.on
a wild throw and four successive 'hits.
It seemed they would win the game
for a« brief time, as three men were
on. bases when the last man struck
out. Attendance 4500. Score: '
Los Angeles— : '" Ban Francisco— *
AB. R. H. P.A. v AB. R. H. P.A.
Bemrd.cf. 3 10 3 «VanB.llx5 U 1 SO
Flood.Sb. 4' 1 11- 2Hildeb,lf 5 0 2 ;4 0
Brashr.lb 4 1 2. « 0,W«ldn,cf 6 1,2 1. O
«Tavth.rf 3 11 4 0,Irwln.3b. 5 il 0 4 0
Cnase,2b. 4 2 12, 3 Andsn.rf , 5 ¦ 1. 3: 1--.0
Toman, ss 4^1 2 0 2JMHler.2b. 4 0. 2.',1 0
Rosa, If. . .4.024 . 0 Gcchnr.ss 40 2 2 '3
Sples.o... 4, 0 1 7 0,Oorton,c. 4 0;0;2 1
Newton.p 3 1; 0 0 _OCarbett.p 4 1 ; 1 v l ; 3
Totals 32 8 "10 27 ¦ 7 Totals 41 6 13 24 6
Outbat .the Angels, but- the , Latter
Make. Their Hits Count.
UNCLE'S MEN IX)SB AGAIN.
Hits— Off Hastings. 3; oft Butler, 5. Stolen
bases — Schlifley, Streib. Errors — Dunleavy,
Kruger. Steelman, Beck. Three-base hit —
Dunleavy. Sacrifice hit — Dcvereaur. * First
base en errors — Oakland 1. First base on called
balls— Off Hastings, 3: off Moskiman. 1. Left
on bases — Portland 4, Oakland 8. Struck out
— By Moskiman, 8; by Butler, 3. Time of
game— One hour and forty minutes. Umpire-—
Walter Christie. "
Portland .... 1 00 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits....'. . 3 0 1 0 0 O 0 0 0 — 4
Oakland 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 "J , x — S
Base hits. 1 'i 0 1, 1. 0 0 0 3 — 8
, , ¦ ' SUMMARY.
AB.R. H. P.A.i AB.R. H. P.A.
Epencr.2b 4 O O I lFrnck? b4O 1 0 .1
Hurly. lb 4 1 2 r» O Ganly, rf 4 0 0 1 0
Thlmn. If 4 0 1 3 0 Dnlvy, If .VI 2 »> 0
Stelmn. c 3 0 14 1 phlafly.Sb 2 12 1 2
Beck. , rib. 4 0 0 0 0 Krusr. cf 4 0 1 0 0
Clynes.rf 3 p 0 4 r Streib,- 1b 4 1 1 13 0
Drnan. cf 3 0 0 4 0 Devrx. 3b 3 ; 0 0 1,4
Rymnd. s 3 0 0 2 O Byrnes, c 4 0 0 110
Hstnga.p 1 0 0 0 3 Mskmn.p 3 0 10 5
Butler, p2 000 11 -
'— ' — . Totals. 31 3 8 2T 14
Total3.3t 1 4 21 7 . .
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Dr. Moskiman pitched , the game of
his life against the Brownies at Oak
land in the morning. He held them*
down to- a run and three little hits
and retired eight on strikes. He was
well supported, the ¦ team playing a
good game behind him. Hastings was
relieved by Butler in the second
rcund, who pitched good ball. The
score:
Portland — I Oakland — : ¦ • ,
Moskiman 'at His Best.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— A joint club,
run to Centerville was held to-day by
the Oakland Wheelmen and the Gar
den City "Wheelmen, in which more
than fifty members of each club par
ticipated. On arriving at Centervltre
the club teams "contested in a twenty
five mile relay race, which was won
by the Garden City team by a close
margin. ' ¦
Several other races were decided,
including -a five mile pursuit race,
which ended in a dead heat. The
clubs were entertained by the citizens
of Centerville.' The merchants of the
town presented a handsome trophy to
the winning team in the relay race.
Garden City Wheelmen Defeat .Oak
land Wheelmen . in Twenty-
Five Mile Relay Race.
OAKLAND AND SAN JOSE
. . CYCLERS HOLD JOINT RUN
The programme at the Nelson camp,
at Gregson Springs, was much the
same. Nelson is just at weight. He is
a picture of health and ruggedness.!';
i Herrera Is still favorite here at 4 to
5, while .11 To 10 can be obtained on
Nelson. These odds are expected to
shift when the Salt Lake sports arrive.
The referee will be Dune McDonald. '
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 4.— When Aure
llo Herrera and •.'Battling". Nelson clash
in the new arena of the Montana Ath
letic Club to-morrow afternoon a bat
tle will occur which will bring to the
front a new contender for the light and
feather weight championships of the
world. From a standpoint of class it
will be the greatest match ever decided
in Butte^ and a record-breaking crowd
will be at the amphitheater. The
matchmaker for the club expects the
attendance will be close to 10,000.
In contrast to the excitement in town
is the calm of the training-camps. Both
fighters took things easy to-day.- and
from the general air of tranquillity at
the quarters bne would never judge
that to-morrow afternoon would' mark
a crisis in their careers. Herrera did a
little work to-day. After his exercise
he just budged the scales at 129%
pounds. . ¦ : .
Rival One-Hundred-and-Thirty-Pound
Fighters Will Meet To-Day in
the Rinj; at Buttc.
HERREKA AND NELSON
READY TO DO BATTLE
CRAZY WOMAN
USES REVOLVER
MASS IS SAID
DESPITE MOB
Kills Policeman, Wounds
Another and Keeps an
Immense Crowd at Bay
Threats of Angry Parish
ioners Have So Effect on
Plucky Allegheny Priest
P1TTSBURG, Sept. 4.— After hewing
his way into the church with an ax,
Rev. Father Bekavac of St. Nicholas
Grc-atian Roman Catholic Church, Al
legheny, held early mass to-day while
a large number of his former congrega
tion awaited him- outsidp and made
frantic efforts to attack him at the con
clusion of the eceremony. He was
saved from violence only by the pro
tection of fifty policemen.
When Father Bekavac reached the
church he found all the doors locked
and nailed fast. Returning to his resi
dence he secured an ax and applied it
to one of the doors, while the police
aided him to force it down with the
weight of their bodies. The excitement
by this time had reached a high pitch
in the mob of probably 500 men and
women who had gathered to prevent
services being held. About fifty of
Father Bekavac's adherents attended
the mass.
At the conclusion of the ceremony
the police awaited Father Bekavac to
escort him to the parish house. At this
stage the mob became bolder and*
spurred on by bne or two women lead
ers, ascended the stone steps to the
church door and as the priest appeared
shouted threats of vengeance, while
wi;mtn and men alike called upon their
followers to attack him.
The police surrounded the priest and
with their maces fought back | the
crowd, finally landing their charge
safely in the parish house. Eight of
the mob leaders, three of whom are
women, were. taken to the central sta
tion in the patrol.
St. Nichoras Ohul-ch has been the
scene of factional disturbances for sev
eral months and the dissenters de
manded the removal of Father
Bekavac. charging misappropriation of
funds." Bishop Phelan upheld the priest
and ordered him to hold services to
day in spite of the protests. < -'f. : '''
BOSTON, Sept. 4— In a sudden fit
of insanity. to-day Mrs. Minnie McKen
zie tried to kill her husband at her
home on Falcon street, East Boston,
then shot and fatally woundei Patrol
man Alfred M. Sturdivant and finally
barricaded herself in Ahe front room
of her tenement, where she remained
for more than -five hours, standing off
a. squad of ten policemen. She was
finally captured by the use of germi
cide injected through holes in the bar
ricaded door.
When overcome by the fumes she
was found to be armed with two large
revolvers and a large amount of am
munition. During the barricade she
tired more than fifty shots, imperiling
a crowd of 5000 that had gathered about
the house. .
Mrs. McKenzie is 34 ye^s old and of
powerful frame. She became violently
insane soon after the dinner hour and
obtaining a revolver of heavy caliber
began shooting at her husband, but
none of the shots took erfect. McKen-.
zie notified the East Boston police sta
tion and four patrolmen were sent to
the house. When they arrived- Mrs.
McKenzie. had retired to a front room,
locked the door and barricaded it with
a .'bureau. • . . •- ¦ . .
The officers succeeded in getting the
door partly open, when the woman
thrust the muzzle of a revolver through
the opening and fired four shots, three
of the bullets striking Sturdivant. He
died in a hospital to-night.
A hurry call was sent to police head
quarters and a squad of ten policemen
was sent to the house, with instructions
to capture the woman without injuring
her. The police made repeated at
tempts, but every footfall in the hall
was the signal for a fusillade of shots
from the front room, the bullets passing
through the barricaded door. -A bullet
struck Patrolman John Burke, but the
wound is not serious.
At intervals the woman threw open a
window and fired into ttoe crowd on
the street, but so far as known none
of the onlookers was injured.
At. 9 o'clock 1 to-night a quantity* of
germicide was forced into the room .and
a few seconds later the frenzied woman
was captured.
LIPTX>N STILL HAS HOPES
.' OF "LIFTING" THE CUP
Noted Irisliuian Will Endeavor to In
v Unce George li. , Watson to De
sijfii a New* Challenger. .
LONDON, Sept. 4.— In' an interview
to-night Sir Thomas Lipton appeared
to. entertain some hope of inducing
George L. Watson to change his mind
and design a new challenger for the
America's- cup, which the designer
yesterday. decided, not to do, giving ill
health as the reason. ¦ ; ; ¦ .
. Sir Thomas said the difficulty, had
arisen owing to the fact that Mr. Wat-;'
son was unable to undertake the Jour
ney to the United States. He said,
he told the (Jesigner he would' be sat**
isfied with any deputy he would nbraH
inate to accompany, the boat, but^Mr.
Watson said he would never design "a*
boat unless he should be able to ac
company it himself. v v
ICS .ludffe Hlmes 10R, Claude 110. Six Shooter
118. McGee 11«. ¦ - / ,„
Fourth race. ml!e and seventy yardu, selling
— <\hotk»votte 4 Jl. r.orcl »«. Durbar H7. Sarilla
•»" D L Moore 101 Blu^mint 1C2, Benson
raldv.cli 1C4. Carat 'URS. Dr. Stephens 107.
Harnfv 107. Jim Hale 1C8. Barkclmore 113.
I'lfth race, fivp furlons*. i)un»e — Centigram
1(r_« l-ortsmoi-th 105.. J. H. Smith 103. Lawler
1C5. Lady Lasca 107. Miss Inez 112. The Mist
Sixth race, mile «nd1bCv*nty yards, selling—
Larsr^rfl James S>, &. \F. Williams 03. My
Jane 1! i»4 "Watermelon 01, Dutiful !»5, LoulS;,
vine 10X Long More 103, Frank Me 104, Begone
Off " I ¦ . '
Srvcntli ra<;c. mile end seventy yards, selling
-Dur~-anncn 'JC. Great Eastern 0C. Docile )>«,
fcan Tltmo 1W>. Ethel Wheat 1(M, Harding 107,
FJeuron HQ, Gloriosa 112.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Ey the Chldago Inter Ocean.
I-^ii*t race — Bearcateher, Dela^oa,
Nannie HodffC.
Second race— Hngdyicc, Cardigan,
Linco.
Tlilrd race — Tokalon, ' Six Shooter,
Claude.
Fourth race — Dr. Stephens, Barkcl
niore, Renson Caldwell. .
Flftli race— Tlie 3Iist, Portsmouth,
31iss Jnci.
Slxtli race — Longford James, Water
melon, Begone. .
Seventh race— Ethel Wheat, Docile,
Gloriosa.
CondiUon of the track— Fast.
SEARCH 1-X)R A BROTHER . .
ENDS IX DISSECTING ROO3I
Denver Man Finds Missing Relative
Was Among the Dead Sent to
Medical' College.
DENVER/ Sept. 4.— After a search
in two cities for his brother Andrew
Erlckson discovered to-day that the
missing one had died, here and that
his body had • been given to - medical
students for -dissection. .:
A Carload of Trunks.
A carload of trunks and dress suit
ca-es Just ' received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. If you are. in need of a
trunk valise, dress suit case, .wrist ta
or anything in the leather goods line,
com* and- see the largest assortment^and
fowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. *
HOSE' IS COMING WEST
Xotcd Bookmaker Has Prac
tically Retired From the
Kiag-, Having Competency
»
Special Dispatch to The Ca 1 .!.
NEW YORK, i^cpt. 4.— Although Ort
"Wells wjts beaten bv Stalwart yester
day, turfmen al Shoei-shead Bay con
sidered he was not disgraced, and they
etiil say he is the best three-year-old
.in training. The responsibility for his
defeat was placed upon Jockey O'Neill,
v.ho rode him in muth the same man
ner as he did the day Irish Lad beat
the Western creek a short head for the
Advance stake-?. Subsequently O'Neill
displayed better judgment and Ort
Wells had no difficulty whatever In
beating Iri^h Lad for the Common
v. ralth handicap.
in view of th«> fact that O'Neill has
i >• ice blundered on Ort Wells horse
sr.en have asked the question. "Why
don't r>rake rut up another rider on
his colt?"
Georpre Rose, the Californian book
•niaker and the operator of one of the
"big stores" in the rinpr. left for the
Pacific Coast to-day.- His trip is Influ
enced by a rmetir.g of the directors of
te Los Angeles race track and partly
?m desire ior rest. He will return in
ree week*, although it is not likely
will resume business in the ring. He
s ma5e a fortune during: the last ten
years and sfiys he will retire before
he "gr>es broke."
SHKKPSHKAD BAY EXTRTES.
BHEEPSBOJAD BAY, Sept 4.— The
Ocean Rsndicsp Jit one mile, u> be do
cided to-morrow, baa attracted a great
entry. McChesney. Alar.-a-Dale. Hum
h-iig. BeMe, Colonial Girl and ethers
»re t«rde.i to start- The day's en
tries:
• F.m ra.ee. ehcrt coarse Ff-H'techase. four
ycmr-fAHa »rA up, $1O<¥> addrd — <Jo«-k1 and
Ticniy 15? ICas? koiston :51. Mfs^ina US.
Fwainpland !4S Sir Vo^rhir? u:; nr^xxi" Pine
If-i. TlifLttfv.l 143. c^aptivator l*s» SnuT 140.
- •• ¦• n-1 racp. fiv«« and a half furjonps of
Fu'.uiity ocur«". two yni--o!d». selling. $)<l-,0
td^fd — Pclcmta IV*. Rost^bourne Jl'K tSnpreme
C>:"jr. :<U Kerry '^rk !i!7 Rof» SCkry Kan>
1^*5 Jen;,- C LOS Tra:notor 1"4 Htar Lilly U«i.
V.orkr>aa :C"_* BxceotrtfiBi M. Hishb'-rn D9.
RneWrd :>s, FlrebaU :t7. r:a Killii-j U7. Lu
rtu* 97. Char)oy"s Au:i» f'7. Brush I'p O<;,
Bfimi« :>4. Am'e Rus.fTl 94 Ilildbrand 101.
Gi!pin UC.
Third ra«~.e. fiv<> and a >a!t Cartoon of
i'uturity eom»e :w ( ,-yrar-ftlds. the Sapphiie
Itakxs. ?^<x<> ad'ird—Woodfyiw 12". SiKlicht
jL' 1^. Api'.e 11^. BedoolB 113. !ir*rts Ues-irp 115.
As^ot J><--11«»" 10T>. «Ai5ile end Ascot Be!!e,
Bn.'H'B *fitry. )
Fourtli racf. milp. thr^f-y'-jir-o'.ds and up.
It'- Ocean har.dirar. S-'S-'-'t adle'1 — A'.an-a-Dale
CC M.-Chcsnoy 52.',. Jlsmbur^ IV>'.1»- 117. Bunt
l'«rk 117. Bsd Nr»s 114 Colonial Girl 113.
110, CoJlcctnr Jwsop 1<*. Dcliy
Hpa.iikrr 105. Ormonde's Right Hx), llich
f.harctllor ICO Grey J'riar ltM». llineola 87.
Lady T'ruiWic* J»k. Adios ST. New York ».'•.
'UamburK Brli*- and Ormonde's SUght, Pas^t
wiu-y: Lady Prudenct- »uid Adios. Watt
entry.)
J';.'th race. ?ix a:i<J a half furlongs main
track. Rf-lling Sli'M a-ldrfl— M<rry Pioneer
Pt;<;. . r-ountripoi'e 1I»>. Major Pel ham 114.
rifvfna 114. Boetatsptoa ILS, Martinmas lin.
¦.•xednrr Il<». Ar^na! ll<t. M>mt>iis 110,
Auditor 109. Stfltea Moments 10.". Toi t=an 103.
Nstvbty I-ady [03 Dapple Gold 103, Funny
BM« 9*. Uberia ns
Sixth race, one ani a half miles on turf,
hendicap. rhrre-y«ir-o'ds ami up. $1500
a-.'\<<! — Africander 127 fr-'horthose lis. Outcome
1'v. SherifT !3p1I 1U7. Palrr.b»>arer 1KI. Key
r^t? 1f«). Garnish l«Kt Lady Potentate US.
Br'sand f«j. OSbcriff Bc!l and Garnish. Hay
man «-ntrj->
>ni:ErsHi:Ai> bay selection's.
By QSm X<-» Vcrk Morning T.lecTar>h.
Virol nwo — tiood atid Plenty, Col
('•n «'n»r>. d*"iHfila l»lne.
•Sct-«jnd racf — Merry Lark, Tranio-
JLor, Bri:.-li I'p.
Third ra<* — AsoM Belle. Woodsaw,
liedcnin.
I'or.r.U i-a'-e — ALui-a-Dale. Hamburg
ti«'Ile. New Y<;rk.
iillli iii<*f* — Auditor. Koohanipton,
Y.ii'.lir.-.ivjs.
tsixth iii<v — I'alni Bearer, Out<*otne,
K«;note.
Condition of ti*e track — tVist.
•
ST. TXJUIS i:\TRIES.
ST. LQCI&. SeDt. 4. — The scene of
J ¦¦<¦ -in? will chance to-morrow to Del
i. The d;iy*F entries:
•¦",:•: ra~r. foi.tr at.d a half furlongj=, ma'.d
. <'o;cn<>! r-impnon 114. PIau 114. J. G.
' JBln 114, I'hannaiy 111. Bonya 111, V/*»
r« :*ih ill, fUSii Girl 111. Ethel'* Pride 111.
'. iika <VC*t ill. Span nun<!olph 111. McJetta
II. Borak. 111.
.-*s_ond race, fix furlongs. selling — Cries
• n l<-7, Kirst Chip ICS, l..-i..y Idris I'j3, On»
¦••tra 503, Flyer Hii. Skyflycr 102, Ben Lear
.'¦J Injrolthrift :CC>, Bchocxe ';8, Algonquin U7,
!""-^bi«- May Vt
"'i"-.ird nice, onr mile atid twenty yards, bell
rz—John Doy\f H!S. Jack Little 105. Athena
,i-J, l!!ss BCUy tm. The Hebrew K-0. Tryon »5.
Lv-linda 105.
Kouirth rx.-c- — One mil* and «c\enty yard£.
ihe LaVjcr Day Hanfiicap. thie< -year-cJds and
jp. yM"0 audtJ— J*ck Young 10<>. The ltes«-ct
!0C. Tuly Ton \'*i. Kvmmtch 9«, L>i^ht Opera
¦i">. Bcast'rr 'Xi. Ppurqu<?i Pa» S<S. Ar.n« Davj-j
5)7. .Mafalda S5. <Mafalda end Davis. Hayes
i n-tr> ; , Ni vr reach aud Pourquoi Pas, Hug-he*
¦rftrj-; R'^B-'nt and Bcastcr. Gnldblatt fntry>.
rifth rac*>, «ne and an "ighth miles, eclliiif; —
'rsfs 107. aiain«yrinx 103, Pathos 10."5, Burke
'Tehran 1O.J, John McGurk U», Jetr>- Hunt
ioo. -., •-•: ..'-./•
Sixth race. fH-e ani a half furlongs, purse —
P.ed Iviaf 104. T!m Hurst 10". Damcron 97,
f'ruit i»7. Arlerji «7.
-•vrr.th rr.c. six furlor.CK. ht!lins — Jake
V\'apd-107. Silver 107. Whiten? 107. lAits
MsnrTs -103. On* More l'!2. Rosecourt 10^.
Kilty G 102. Ca.terp!il«r 102. Lurtig O». Mai
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First, race — l»latt, 3IcJatUi. Ver
*n<Iali.
Second race — B«-n J/car, Alsonquin,
(^idj Idiis.
Tliiixl i-ac-e — Athena, Jolm Doyle.
Mi-s Hrtty.
I'ourUi rao«* — Goldblatt's ontrj*.
fa by Tosa, .Ja»-li Yoims.
I'Jrrjj race — Iras, Pathos, Main
fcprfnx.
rare — Fruit, Arlcna, Tim
Hurst.
SricnUi ract — Whls-kers. Kitty G,
*lai Jxnvcrs'.
¦ fonditioo of the track — Fast.
flARIJIM -ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Sepl. 4. — Claude. Toka
' . <Jrc-£or K. .Prince Silverwings,
Judg* Hime*, McGee and other fly
'. ri -.^:i! meet at Harlem to-morrow in
Twentieth Century Handicap. The
v riTE ' rAce, Fix rut-lone*, punse — Singing
WJT 'Mi. rv.ncral steward 90," Gypzene 86.
?"l", ¦* '¦•''¦ -Vannl*. Hodge 90. Frontenac 9S.
B^^a"h° d I 00 '- t* 1 ** 0 * 109 ' B , ls Iien 101> '
r ,,r :(( : " ra.^. . . . r; , , lU , __,> steeplechase handl
1iij'r\- f ' r " t "' ta * I?*. BchwarzwaK! 125. Doniln
e'"<i«' u 3 - r> ' Ungo 132 Allegiance 130. John
'•nwT* 1% - r -ardlgan 145 Handvice 150.
T*»'^,. ri '*. one and three-clxteenth miles,
t6r 8r i' th . n Ce n<u'y handicap. $5000 «4de<J—
!f« ,V:i itn - I'rtnc- Bil%er»-inr« J'C Huzz*h
"*-e-tr K 104, Miei CiawfonJ 105. TokAlon
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 4. — By tak
ing the sixth straight game from Seat
tle this afternoon, Mike Fisher's Tigers
climbed into first place in the pennant
race. With the ' score five to nothing
against them in the afternoon game
Tacoma took to Jay Hughes and in
the tenth won out on Sheehan's ; great
drive for three bases and Nordyke's
pop single to left. Sheehan only made
third by a narrow marein. The de
cision of the umpire calling Sheeham
safe, brought, forth- a- storm of pro
tests from Seattle, ivhich was only
ended after Hall had been escorted
from the grounds.- • '
Tacoma—, . i Seattle — ' ¦ .
AB.R. H. P.A.I V AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle. rf6 0 0 0 0 VHItn.cf 5 113 1
Bhehn, 3b 5 1 1 3 0 Mohlr, 2b 2 1 1 2 3
Nrdyk.lb 4 . 2 *3 14 3 Dlhty. 3b 4 0 0 12
Eagan, »3 2 2 4 7 Frisk. If. 4 1 '2 1 0
Lynch, tf 2 0 0 1 0 Bkshp.lb 4 118 1
Casey, 2b * 0 0 1 3 Smith, rf 3 10 2 0
M'Lgn. If 3 0 0 2 1 Hall. ».. 3 0 1 2 2
Hogan. c 4 0 0 3 0 Mrphy, s 0 0 0 0 0
Keefe, p. 4 11 2 3[ Wilson, c4 0 0 6 1
JHughes.p 3 0 0 2 1
Totals. 34 6 7 30 17 • i-
1 'Totals. 32 5 6»27 11
•No one out when winning run was made.
RUNS. AND HITS. BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ..... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 S 1 — 6
Bas« hits.. O 0 0 1 0 0 1 3 O 2— 7
Seattle 0001 130000—5
Base hits... 0 0 0 2 0 40 0 0 0—6
SUMMARY.
Errors — Lynch, Hogan. Hughes, -""Delehanty
(2), Blankenship (2): Struck out — By Keefe,
3; by Hughes. 6. Bases on balls — By" Keefe,
1: by Hugh*9, 4. Hit by pitcher— Smith.
Hugh?*. Passed balls — Hogan 2. Two-base
hits — Frisk 2. Three-base hit — Shee'han. Home
run — Eagan. Earned' runs^ — Tacoma 3, Seattle
2. Hacrifice hit*— Mohler. Hall, Lynch. Doubts
plays — Wilson to Mohler. Van Haltren to
Blankenship. Left on bases — Tacoma 6, Seat
tle 2. Time of game — Two hours. ; Umpire —
Tom Brown.
Pocketful of Silver for Smith.
* SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 4.— Tacoma
took the game this morning by vir
tue of superior stick work. The field
ing on both - sides was good. Carlo
Smith made a sensational one-hand
catch of a long foul after a hard run,
which brought him a pocketful of sil
ver from the spectators in the grand
stand. Score:
Seattle — , Tacoma — • -
AB. R. H. P.A.| AB.R. H.P.A.
VnHn.cf 8 0 0 2 2 Dyl.rf&ss 5 12 3 0
Mohlr,2b 5 2 2 2 ;'. Khehn.::b 4 0 1 0 0
Dhnty.3b 5 1 2 0 0Nrdke,lb5 1.3 7.1
Frisk.lf . 4 0 10 0 Eagan.ss O1O 0 0
Bnksp.lb 4 0 1 11 1 Ovrall.rf 4 0 110
Smith, rf 4 O 1 3 1 Lynch, cf 4 10 2 0
R.Hall.ra 4 0 2 1 5Ca-iey,2b ¦ 4 1 U- 6 2
Wilson..- 4 O IS llMcLn. If 3 1 2 4 0
C.Hal!, p 4 0 1 0 l'Grahni, c I 0 3 3 2
* — JFItzgd, p 3 0 2 0 4
Totals.37 3 11 27 14L .
I Totats.36 .6 15 27 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .'..:... 1 0 10 0 0 O 1 0 3
Base hits 12 2 0 2 0 U 2 2—11
Tacoma O 3 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 — «
Base hits 0 3-113 1 0 3 2—14
SUMMARY. .
Errors — Van Haltren. Delehanty, Casey 2.
Earned runs — Seattle 1, Tacoma 4. Two- base
hit — Casey. Three-base hits — Fitzgerald, Gra
ham. Passed ball — Graham. Wild pitches —
Fitzgerald 2. Bases on balls— Off Fitzgerald 1.
,off. Hall, 2. Struck out — By Fitzgerald 2, by
Hall 5. Stolen bases — Mohler. Casey. Sacri
fice hit — Sheehan. Double plays — Casey to Nor
dyke; Van Haltren to Wilson; Hall to Mohler
to Blankenf-hip. Left en ha.«es — Seattle 8, Ta-t
coma 7. Time of game — One hour and 50
minutes. Umpire — Brown.
By Winning Six Straight Games From
Seattle They Take First Place.
TIGERS ARE IX THE LEAD.
¦ Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club shoot, sec
ond champion class, 2C0 yards — H. Klelnen
brovich. 201; I). L. Hopkins, 288; A. M. Poul
sen, ."04; J. Cobby, 3U2: • \V. W. Thompson,
372: \V. Wlndmeuller, 395; R. S. Nixson, 410;
F. Mantfc. 372; H. B.. 372; W. A.
Siebc, 368. Best flrst fchot, A. M. Poulsen.
23; best last bhot, II. • P. ' Nelson, 23. -First
class— M. Ljttjen.-231; E. J. Farley. 234; Lud
wlg Siebe. 24U; W. Erlckaon.' 281;. H. Skinner.
21U: A. Thompson, 28<5;~ P. Paulson, 318: Lewis
H. Murphy. 319; C. Pries, 277; J. C. Uinjten,
321; best first shot, 'P. Paulson, 20; best, last
t-hot. J. Rlncen, 20. Second . cla3»— Dr. L. V.
Frates, 212; W. A. Paulson; 2«4: W. Guild,
•Mr,; li. G. Holmqulst, 334; W. Patton, 133: H.
•Kofod, 287; H. Transberg. 144: F. Trout, 282;
H. Wobber, 305; H. X.ange. 224; L. J. Neil
sen, 1S5; S. Holmes' 147; \V. A. Peterson, 129;
W. G. Crocker, 207; O. Poul.-sen. 238; J.
1 ok lie. 341: first best shot, J. Logue, 20; last
b«»t shot,- L. R. Murphy. 21. Third class —
B. Schullerts. 344; George Skinner, 347; H. P.
Klnkner, 41;;; A.'Kiausc. 35">; II. C. Bruns,
203! V. Heins. 311; Fred Emery. 211; C.
Jacrbeen, 3«!9; H. Poulsen,* 386; F. Stolte. 401;
F DupllBsea. 3<>7; Nixon, 241; G. Althausen,
321; S. Delavergne, 339; Dr. C. E. Farman,
Felix Keater. 324; J. Gutenberge, 3C7; H. P.
Henningssn. .358: / A. Kirkaldi. .".VJ; Frank
Paulson, 351; Albert* Rowse. 1C2; John Kenney.
305: best first shot. H. Poulsen, 25; best last
shot. C. Jncobscn.
U. S. Xixson Performs Well at the
Two Hundred Yard Rifle Range.
Forty-six members of the Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifie Club took part
in the bullseye shoot yesterday at the
Shell Mound Park ranges. They made
123 bullseyes,' an average of three to
a man. The feature of the shooting
was the excellent score made by R.
S. Nixson. Out of a possible 500 at a
two hundred yard range he scored
410. The day's scores:
Monthly medal shoot Of Independent Riflea — ¦
H. K. Baker 40. J. H. Kohlke 3U, C. J. Uoerlngr
4S, C. Schmidt 24, J. Wlldermuth 14, K. Wlch
rowskl a«, A. G.. Ludeman as. Corporal P.
Schnorg 48, H . Gaet jen 33. J . \V . Nowdesha
28, K. Ruhland 25. Liutenant H. Gaetjen 33,
J. H. Behlmer 3.'{, Sergeant L.. Maer'55, , W.
£5. Cook 41,- P. Volkman :;8. Sergeant C. Iver
son 54. H. Relnhardt 54, Sergeant H. Feyje
29, J. S. Jones 12.
J Company A, Veteran Reserves, weekly prac
tice Fhoot— Corporal W . Duesler 38, Sergeant
W. Wallace 40. T. E. Covey 30. J. A. Tay
lor 37, Corporal A..McKown 26, Lieutenant J.
C. Darnell S4, E. M. Sherburne 82, J. Dono
van 4ii, C. W. Chahneis 24. E. G. Carr 30.
1 Oakland Turner Rifles monthly bullseye and
medal shoot — H. Windmueller, 360: A. Land
graf, F. Mante, 326; B. Brunje. 290; H. Klein
enbrovich, 315; A. Schlueter, 2W; A. C. Ahrens,
29«; P. Uth, 125; Jacob Ottnal, 113; Henry
Loeffler, 252. Flrat buliseye, II. Kleinenbro
vlch; second bullseye, H. Windmeuller; third
bulUeye. A. Sthlueter.
SIIOOTIXCJ AT SHELL 3IOUND.
l'islol Qlinox—G. M> Barley. 00/ S7; F. J.
Povey. S4. «".; W F. Blas»e. S3; George Tam
m*yer, SI. 7S; Martin F. Blasse, 7U; Chris
Meyer 7S; T. J. Carroll. 7\ 77; A. Gehret. 80:
Jolin Boiler, 73. 72; A. Hennln&s. «!), 72; John
C Waller, ltt.,45; A. tjtudcr. «{. 59.
San Francisco Grutli Vercin, monthly medal
*hr>ot: First chamulon class — A. C. Gehret,
430 rhiBs In 20 shots; Ausust Studer, ,:»'J0.
Second champion class — Theodore Simmen, .T.>4;
Georsett. Mauser, :«*; U. Heuser. :«52. -First
class— F. Werlen. SS2; Ori Imdorf. 375. Second
•cte.s3— Charics Mueller. 317-;- Jacob Iten.,253.—
Louis Bendel, the well-known mem
ber of the California Schuetzen Club,
who is sojourning" in Switzerland, won
many medals and trophies in addition
to a number of silver goblets at the
recent Federal shooting festival- held at
St. Gallen, Switzerland. Only open
sight rifles, without handles, were al
lowed.
Following are the scores at Schuetien
Park:
California SchuetBen Club, monthly medal
shGot, first champion class — A. C. Crehrct, 22U.
222: p. A. Hrtrotr, 21T, £04. • Second champion
class— John t> Utsehlg. 205. Ui*S; M. F. Blasse,
21. r >: T.J. Carroll, 200, 174; Chris Meyer. 215,
213; George Tammeyer. 205, 21)5; A. Rahmyl«r,
224, 21C. First class— Max Kclnndor, 200, 100;
A. Ltschis. 203, 154; \V. F. Blasse, 201. 202;
C!. M. Barley, 203, 100. Second class — Frank
Kutor, Ni4, 100; John Jones, WS, 173: AI. F.
Hm-tler, i:>7. 1S!»; A. Studer. 202, 197; J. C.
Waller. 1S-1. lC'i; A. Juneblut. 2C0>, 104. Third
class — rharlcs Sa^chorn. 174. 166; William
Nolden, 17<.'. 1*7; F. C. l£a*<srnp, 152. 140; H.
Bcbeunerti Ifi*. 172;-Georse Rischniuller Sr..
1W). 188; Frank Uiede, 1S1. 15«. Fourth class —
C Konnlnesen. 110. 01; Joe Glssner, 158; F.
Vv'erltn. 183, 1CS; F. J. Povey. 182, 17S; I-.
Wlile. i7!». 14h; William McCracken, 104. 140;
John Roller. 1?S MX; Adam Brehm, i:J2. I'n
ilasslfud—A. JUltbruner. 125. (IS; II. Barn
holdt 1S7, 185; T. Slnimen. 206, 202; O. Imdorf.
10«i. 1S2; A. Henninzs, 152, i:J7; G. W. Ma$
wrl!, 209, 20;;. /
G. M. Barley was high man among
the pistol shooters with a score of 5>0
and 87 rings, his nearest competitor
being F.J.Povey. with 84.' A friendly
match was shot on this target between
John Boiler and A. Hennings. On ac
count of the handicap the score proved
a tie; On the final trial J. Boiler proved
the victor by one ridfe. .
The usual large number of marks
men were not present at Schuetzen
Park yesterday, although the day was
an ideal one for 'rifle shooting. A.
Rahwyler, an old-time champion and
one of the survivors of the California
Centennial team, proved to his qpm
rades that he is still to be reckoned
with. In the medal competition of the
California Schuetzen Club he made the
high scores of 224 and 216 in each of
his 10-shot strings, making a total of
410 rings in his 20-shot score. , His
nearest competitor was A. C. Gehret
of the Grutll Club, who made 430 rings
in the Grutli contest and a score of 222
in the California Club. . He in turn was
closely followed by' Otto Bremer with
a score of 217.
Play will also we resumed In both
singles events. In the third round
Griffin and MacGavin and Variel and
Janes will meet. The latter stood 5—5
on the first set when the match was
called off Saturday. They will res%:ri»e
from this point.
In the 'lower half Miss Violet Sutton
and Mrs. Bruce will have an. easy time
reaching the finals, . and many think
they will win the champlonshfp.
The local players "will be outclassed
more in this event than in the sin.?!^
and will cut little or no figure.. The
Ratcliffe sisters play a steady game
and will make a good showing, but can
hardly hope to win.
In the lower "half Simpson Sinsabaugh
and Trowbridge Hendick look to be the
strongest team. They are the doubles
champions of Southern California and
have always been hard men to dispose
of. Three • years ago they played to
gether at San Rafael and were beaten
in the. finals by Smith and MacGavin
after four stubbornly contested sets.
They will probably run up , against
Murdock- and MacGavin in the finals.
Another team in this half that should
not be overlooked is- Will Allen and
George Baker. Both play ! a steady
game and It would not be a surprise \'
tl:ey win a place in the finals. Long
and Janes have also come to the. front
os a doubles team and may prove a
stimitllng block to some, of the beat
teams. S.mith and Smith are also in
this half, but it i3 doubtful if they
will play. Neither is in practice and
they expect to play only one match.
There are seven teams in the wo
men's doubles and some of the matches
will undoubtedly be weir worth seeing.
Miss May Sutton will be seen her? for
the first time since her conquest- of the
East. She will undoubtedly attract
many spectators, as her reputation is
world-wide. She will play with Miss
Seymour, and when they meet Miss
Dobbins and Miss Florence Sutton a
close match will result. Miss Seymour
is hardly as clever as- the other three,
b-'t v.-ith the national champion on her
side of the net she- ought to be able to
give a good account of herself.
The tennis players took a day of rest
yesterday from work on the courts.*
After two hard days of play and with
a weeTc of it ahead of them they felt
they could afford to take matters eas
ily. As most of the players are across
the bay the courts in this city were
practically deserted. The poorer play
ers'at the part had an lnnins. but tha
attendance at the California Club wajs
light.
Tournament play will be resumed to
day at San Rafael. Both the men's,
and women's doubles will be started.
In the former event twenty teams will
compete. This is by* far . the largest
number that ever entered a champion
ship doubles event. Bell and Freeman.'
the present champions, will not defend
and the title will go to the tournameac
winners. Of the twenty teams entered
Drummojd MacGavin and Percy Mur
dock appear to have the best chance
to win. They, are In the half with Eu
gene Overton and H. "Elliott. ' The lat
ter is said to play better doubles than
singles. He made a fair showing
against Hendrick in the singles but
will have to do better to beat men like
MacGavin and Murdock. The latter,
if they play their best game, shouid
win first honors. They will probably
have some trouble disposing of Overtoil
and Elliott, but should reach the finals.
Whitney and- Griffin may double up
well, but It is hardly likely they will
win out.
John Boiler Defeats A. Hen
nings by One Ring in
Deciding a Tie Score
Fair Calif ornian Who Has
Conquered the East Will
Take Part in Doubles Event
MISS SUTTOX TO APPEAR
The in and out combination was ex
ploded yesterday on the baseball dia
mond. The Brownies had been handing
it to the Commuters every other "game
up to that time, but the Oaklanders
passed them the double cross twice.
It was easy at Oakland and easier
here. The scores were 3 to 1 in the
morning and 7 to 2 at the Eighth-street
lot. "i
The men under Dugdale's charge
were beaten on the square, even
though they helped out their own
downfall, while the small Sunday
throng rooted- against them. They
managed to get" in wrong during the
initial spasm and after that time they
never' did get right. They could not
hit and Mr, Steelman absolutely re
fused to peg to the bases! so Oakland
had to win whether it was its policy or
not.
Mr. Buchanan,- as usual, was the big
Buffalo. Although the Brownies, at
times waxed. busy with their clubs, the
man from Texas had, no fears. He was
the master and *it went at that. He
eased up enough toward the latter part
of the game to let them get a run
and Mr. Devereaux's generosity con
tributed one more that should .not
have been. ¦.-.¦..
For a long time Mr. Skelligan Roach
has been due for a walloping. He got
his yesterday, Not. a thing in Skel's
collection was a deceiver when the
Commuters had bats to swing. They
practically broke* it all up ere the game
had started well and every inning or
so another run j was. annexed just to
show they were still ready to work. J
Francks opened up the Jackpot for
the Oaklanders in the first with a hit.
Clynes did a bush league trick ' by
throwing the ball away at first and
this advanced Buck. Ganley had lit
tle-trouble in beating out a bimt. but
Schlafiey and Dunleavy went out, mak
ing it look . good for the Brownies.
Roach, however, slumbered a bit too
Ions and while he was partaking of
the siesta Ganley stole second., Kru
ger swung through and so did Dev
ereaux after Streib had been passed.
The total damage was four. It was
a good lead and the Brownies never
offered to overtake it, for they never
had a chance.
Oakland added three more to her
share in the. succeeding innings, most
ly through banging the offerings o£
Mr. Roach where fielders did not romp.'
Devereaux's two successive misplays
in the fourth, coupled .with Steelman's
drive to right, let the Brownies get
one and a base on balls and a couple
more hits allowed another in the
eighth. '•
The game was full of good individual
work. Francks' pulled off a few plays
; that, ho other, shortstop in this- league
could have accomplished. Ganley soused
safely four times out of four chances
with the timber. Jack O'Conneff um
pired his last game, for to-day ho
will retire for the balance of the sea
son on account of illness.
*;There will be two games to-day. The
first will be called at Oakland at 10:15
a. m. and the second at Recreation
Park at 2:45. so that the Portland
players may be enabled to catch the
owl: train for Los Angeles;. where thej'
will play this week. The score: •
Oakland— Portland—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Frrtcks.ss 4 11 4 3 Spthcr.Ib 5 0 0 4 3
Ganley.rf 4 2 4 6 OiHurley.lb 5 10 9 1
Dunlvy.lf 4 0»l 0 ONadau.lf 4 1 ' "• 0 0'
Schiny.2b 4 1 1 0 4|Steelmn.c 5 0 2 4 " A
Kruger.cf 4 1 1 ,3 OiBeck.Sb.. 4 0 0 13
Stretb.lb. 3 1 0 It OlClynes.rf 4 0 10 2
Deverx.Sb 4 13-1 ." Drnan.ef 20100
Byrne«,c. 2 0 0 2 U Raymd.ss 4 0 14 2
Buchan.p 3 0 10 O'Roach.p. :? 6 1 12
Thilmn.cf 2 0 2 10
Totals 32 7 12 27 10
: Totals ."8 2 9 24 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 01 0 0 0 I 0—2
Base hits 1-00 1 2 0 2 21—9
Oakland 4 0 1 1 0 O'l 0*x— 7
a Base hits...... 4 02 21 1 20 x— 12
• SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Ganley (2), Dunleavy. S:hlafley,
Krugor. Strilb. Nader.u. Krrors — Devereaus
(2>, Clynes i2), Steelraan, Francks. -Reach.
Two-base hits — Devereaux, Buchanan. Sacri
fice hit — Byrnes. First bnse on errors — Oak
land 1. Portland 2. First base on called balls
— OfT Buchanan 2, off Roach ". Left on bases —
Oakland 4. Portland 30. Struck out — By-
Buchanan 2, by Roach 3. Double plays —
Sp?ncer to Ste*Imzn to Spencer, Raymond to
Spencer to Hurley. Wild pitch— Roach. Time
of same — One hour and forty minutes Um
pire—O'Connell.
(Pacific Coast' League.) _
W. L. Pet. w: L. Pet.
Tacoma .....22 14 .611 Portland ....17 20 .459
Los Angeles. 21 14 .600, San Fran 16 21 .432
8eattle 18 19 ,487lOakJand ....16 22 .427
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angelta.:... 1 0 2 0 0 2 0 3 x— 9
Base hiU 1 01 1.0 2 0 5 x— 10,
San Francisco... 0 020 0 0 0 1 3— «
Base hlta 014 1 103 4—13
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Toman. ErTors — Toman, New
ton. Waldron. Two-base hlta^ — Bmshear, Ross,
Anderson, Cravath. Sacrifice hit — Bernard,
First base on errors — Loa Angeles. 2, San Fran
cisco 2 Left on bases— Los Angele* 4. Saa
Francisco 11. Bases on called balls — Off Cor
bett 4. off X«wton 2. Struck out— By Corbett
3, by Newton 6. Double plays — Toman to
Chase to Brashear. Miller to Van Buren. Time
of game — One hour and flfty-nve minutes. Um
pire — McDonald.' >
thought of that six to one was laid
against him In the ring.v
The day's results with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores follow:
California Futurity ' stake — Rusty Anchor
beat Panoche, 15-5; Story's Sister beat Sky
Van, 11-1; Secretive beat Lampre Eel, 14-11;
Blaze beat Sunny. Brook, 1:3*4; Rocked Asleep
beat Free Erin, 14-6; Belle Marie beat La
Roea. 13-tS; The Duke beat Master Garrison,
23-0: Pasha King beat The Delta, 12-8; Confi
dent beat Fetterless, 18-2; The Rival beat Ina
Cissus. «-4; Fortunate Dawn beat D R, 11-S;
Youns- Mcllie It a bye; Fearless Lad a bye;
Flowir Girl beat Siroc. 9-3. '
Second round — Secretive beat Rusty Anchor.
7-3; Blaze beat Story's Sister, C-0; Rocked
Asleep beat Belle Marie,- 8-7; The-Duke beat
Pasha King, 6-0; The Rival beat Confident,
10-S; Fortunate- Dawn beat Young Mollie R.
10-4; Flower Girl beat Fearless Lad, 8-1.
Third round— Bfeze beat Secretive, 15-9; The
Duke beat Rocked Asleep, «-.">; Flower Girl
beat The Rival, 11-4; Fortunate Dawn a bye.
Fourth round — Blaze beat The Duke, 2-0;
Flower Girl beat Fort-uuiate Dawn. l(*-0.
Deciding course — T. J; Cronin' » Blaze (Rock
er-Gallant Foe) 'boat P. F. Callan's Flower
Girl (irr.p. Fetter Free-Mayflower), 6-2.
Open stake — Quita beat Hlfjh Born, 18-10;
Rector beat McVey, 7-4: Friendless Boy bea;
Honej-t John, 8-2; Racing Auto beat Lost.
Chord. 10-8; Gold Chain beat Eagle Bird.
4-0: Duhallow beat * General Fremont, 0-0;
Tillie R beat Sea Lion, 4-0; Silver Heels beat
Fair Tralee, U-U;. Bright Fortune beat Rene
pnde Apache, S-4; Frisky Barbara beat Lucy
Clulr, 5-2; Pasha Pleasant beat Sacramento
Boy, 14-*; Amondan beat Gambit, 10-3; Royal
Friend beat Palo Alto, 22-4; Hudson beat
Black Coon. 10-S; Trelee Lass beat J E H,
0-3: Charter Member beat New- Home Boy,
16-2.
Second round — Rector beat Qulta, 9-7: Friend
less Boy beat Racing Auto. 7-3: Duhallow beat
Gold Chain, 4-1; Tillie R beat Bright Fortune,
r>-0; Frisky Barbara beat Silver Heels, 5-2;
Pasha Pleasant beat* Amondan, S-0; Hudson
beat Roval Friend, 4-0; Tralee Lass beat
Charter Member, .24-10.
Thlro round — .Kriendl-ess Boy beat Rector,
5-4: Duhallcw beat Ti'.lie R,, 3-2; Pasha
i Pleasant beat Frisky Barbara, ,4-2: Hudson
1 a bye. ¦
Fourth round —"Friendless Boy beat Duhal
1 low, 4-.'!; Pasha Pleasant .beat- Hudson. 4-3.
! ¦¦ Deciding course — \V. T. '. nought's Friehdless
Boy (Fetter Fr:o-Dawn> beat L. M. Connell'a
Vatsha Pleasant (Ernin Pasha>-Mamie Pleasant),
-J--.2. ' ¦ >• -." <
:¦ Reserve stake — Tarlow Boy beat Vina, 14-12;
*Mr Winton be at Frisky Boy, S-0; Mickey Free
beat Hooker Ann, 5-1; Miss BrummeJ b;at Im
perious. 4-3: Gold Fortune a bye; Wild Norah
i h;-nt Loretta. 13-10; Crawford Belle beat Con-
I toy, S-4; In Time beat Tamora, 19-2; .Yellow- i
tail beat Runaway Actress. 3-2.
Second round — Carlow Boy beat Sir Winton,
4-3: Mickey Fri>e beat Miss Brummel, 5-4; Geld
Fortune beat Wild Xorah. ti-S; Crawford Delle
beat In Time, H-4; Yellowtail a bye. - ¦ ¦ .. .
Third round — Mickey Free boat Carlow Boy,
6-5; Yellrwtail .ber.t Golden Fortune, 6-0;
Crawlcrd Bellf a bye.
Fourth round — Crawford B*lle beat Yellow- |
tail. 22-3; Mickey Free a bye.
JVclding course — S. A. Smith's Crawford |
Belle (Crawford Lad-Iowa Girl) won by de- i
fault, Mickey Free withdrawn:
There will be three days' coursing
at Ingleside Park this week, com
mencing with Friday, 4 when a beaten
dog event will be run.f.
Rocked Asleep, a brother of 'Blaze,
was expected to win the stake, as he
seemed the class of the entries, his
puMic trials being of a satisfactory
kind. He was the' stake favorite, and
was looked upon as the ultimate 'win
ner until the fourth round, when he
seemed to tire Badly and was beatt«u
bv The Duke. The latter was so little
The hares gave the hounds a lively
touching up during the day, there be
ing a number of long trials. The "at
tendance was large, the Futurity at
tracting many coursing men from the
country.
The open stake, in which a lot of
clever performers started, was won
by W. T. Raught's Friendless Boy,
ivhich bpat Pasha Pleasant. in the de
<iding course by the close score of
three to two. The most pronounced
upFet in this stake was the defeat of
Charier Member, a one to six choice,
by Tralee I,uss.
Mickey Free, also from" the Kenn'fel
of W. T. Raught. won the Reserve
Flake.- Owing to severe' running;
Crawford Belle was withdrawn in
deciding course.
Blaze defeated In turn R W, Sun
ny Brook. Story's Sister, Secretive, The
Duke and Flower Girl. The winner
showed the effects of Mr. Cronin's
training. He believec in working the
doss In his kennel severely in condi
tioning them and he feeds them hs
liberally as he works them. They are
always noted for their stamina and
if ihey have a little natural speed they
are hard to beat. After trying ¦ for
many years this is the first of the clas
sic stakes Mr. Cronin has won. The
stake was worth $500 to the win
ner.
Blaze showed great stamina, run
ning one course of one hundred sec
onds and another of eighty without
the edge being taken off his speed.
He was at his best in the • deciding
course. Owing to the late hour at
which this was run " and to the fog
which had settled on the field, spec
tators saw none of it. Judge Reilly,
who followed the dogs up the field,
said Blaze led Flower Girl four open
lengths to the hare. He then scored
three turns quickly. Flower Girl kill
ing.
T. J. Cronin, a veteran coursing man
of the old school, scored a popular
victory "yesterday in the fifth renewal
of the California Futurity, which he
captured with BljLze, a black and
white greyhound puppy by Rocker-
Gallant Foe. P. F. Callan's Flower
Girl, one of the stake favorites, was
runner up. j
A. Hah wyleiy Former Cham
pion, Makes High Scores
in California Club Event
— -9
MEET IN PISTOL MATCH
Take a Breathing Spell Be
fore Settling Down to Week
of Tournament Excitement
Believe His Effort 011 Ort
Wells Resulted in His
Defeat at Sheepshead Bay
Buchanan and Doc Moskiman Work Off Too Many Curves
on Men From the North — Cgmmuters Hit Roach, Start
ing Affairs With a Lead of Four Runs in First Round
Defeats Flower Girl in,the All-Important Deciding Course
After Being Severely Tested in Two Long Trials in the
Stake at Union Park — Two Events for R light's Kennels
VETERAN SHOWS
MARKED SKILL
TENNIS PLAYERS
ENJOY A REST
TURFMEN BLAME
JOCKEY O'NEILL
CRONIN'S COURSER PROVES
BOTH GAME AND SPEEDY
BROWNIES DROP TWO GAMES
IN SUCCESSION TO OAKLAND
COURSING FUTURITY HONORS REST WITH YOUNG GREYHOUND BLAZE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 190*.
OGDENY UUh, Sept. 4.— The ixySy of a mid
dle-aged man was found on the street. in this
city to-night. He had $751 15 in cajh en hii
person and an envelope from the Department
of the Interior addressed to Andrew A*tgon is
the only cl<"w-foun.i to hla identity.. The police
attribute his deatb to heart failure.
11
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
KPT of -Quality.-
S-. B*^(inJ which . when honestly
5-2 »lmed at by true masti»r3
*g fe'Vfy^ii ot ine art * can b * reached
""" a!i\70\ ir> th * process of brewing
"2 ©^^a " n<1 niaturing. And th«
• ° HfeS^Wl atrength — heary. tnedlum
•Z K^iiS^B or light — Is a matter ' of
F^S^I^l «5tillful adjustment.
' MILWAUKEE -.
KmI/ /V?K\lS« 8Wi; » t^e E«pjiwt
¥§M5<lm mi Malt -Vivine
I <NoiMntox.> TonJe..
[j!iyAH^_ ml BUTZ'BHEf. Ca
«^^Li^^^^ SAM BIBO * CO,
Wholesale dealers,
812 Battery St^
Tel. Main 6859. ¦ Saa rrancixoo.
/^^V: Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary, •
I m.iwl 629 KEABXT ST. Established
28F%W*$&k\n 1*3* fortbe treatment of Priviita
S U^nOT Disea.«ev F.«wt Manb(«>d. Debliltr or
MffiR-ISi'lisMs* wearicpon lv>dr»nd mind and
r^t-'tl-- ¦.HSktn Disuse*. The Doctorenr«»wliea
Jail. Try him. rhar^es low.t
2$SfiHBSi«:Bre»raar»nt«»«4. CallorwrlM.
Dr. J. I". OIBBOX. 8ao Frandaeo. CaL - -KnlgMs'.*' emtftenr" cards: trreat 'variety. Ed
* ird ' Knowlcs Company, 24 Second e t. •
CHINESK CASTS ASIDE
, HONOR THRUST UPON HIM
MEXICO CITY, Sept. 4.— Wong Kim
Yuen, a Chinese merchant, resident at
Quintaro, in the State of Tamaulipas,
has' refused to accept the office of.
Mayor of that place, although urged to
do so by the principal; residents^ of the
town. He declined to, first, it is said.
Dr. • Waldonisti-oni Lectures.
.Dr. . Waldenstrom. Ph. D..t address
ed a large gathering of Sv/edish peo
ple ftt ThtrAlhambra - last night. Dr/
Waldenstrbm snoke- in the. Swedish
language: Preceding the address a
chorus of ; twenty-five voices, sang a
number, of hymn?. *-, . •
• nnrm»tt*«-VnnlIlir -Extract Is sold
by a!l *U6,b«*t grocer* everywhere. 'try it. •
Pickpockets at Work.
Pickpockets were at work on Satur
day among the crowds of sightseers on
Market street and on the cable cars.
James Lynch of 268 Fourteenth street
reported to the police, yesterday- that
hi* f urse, containing a scarf ringwith
pin in center and $19 in ' coin.' was
stolen from , his . pocket on M^arket
street, between Mason and Taylor,
about 10 o'clock. , ( T.iG. Jacques ; of
898 Lombard street reported that his
silver chain purse was. taken' fronvhis
pocket while,- he ,was on ,a. ; .Valencia
street - car at Market, and / Powell
streets about • 8 / o'clock. • The •' purse
contained $20. \
Trapper"s Oil cures rheumatism ar.d neuralirt*
I-.^eo-owS. .'<ui- tla>>K. ' rticnard & Co.. 4Uv> CUy.*
Dunney' Is ' Pugnacious.
Special Officer. Alvarado eaw 'a man
treating, a woman roughly .. at- Sixth
and Natoma. .streets late Saturday
night.* '.While he was walking tov/ard
the couple; James Dunney, a machin
ist, livips at. 513 ; Eighth street, /at
tacked; the 'man.- Alvarado separated
theni and Dunney turned ujon .him.
Some friends of, I?junney helped him.
Alvarado t struck: Dunney. on the head
with . his -handcuffs.' ; Things, looked
bad for.-the officer and he' pulled out
hiK revolver, which had the effect of
scattering the :, crpwd. Dunney was
taken, to the/ Central. Emergency Hos
pital 'and; later, to the City Prison,
where lie? was charged- with battery.
Police Want Careless Teamster.
The police are looking' for a heavy
set. man, about 40 j ;years of, age, who
drove a pair of bay horses attached to
a heavy wagon at- Twentj'-second and
Kentucky streets on Saturday after
noon. While. Balthaser . Schneider, a
salesman, was driving in ' a ' light
wagon past that 'corner the other man
collided with him. Schneider was
thrown to the ground and his right
thigh was fractured. ., The . other, man
did not stop to see' if any injury had
been done. Schneider was taken ' to
the Potrero Hospital and the police
were notified of the occurrence. ¦ *
Card Systems" and Cabinets.
Index : cards. filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all. modern systems In our
stationery ' department.' • Printing and
bookbinding at lowest prices..- Sanborn.
Vail & Co.; 741 Market street. ' •
CREW OF BRITISH BARK
¦< . :':..¦¦ ABANDONS THE VESSEL
LONDON. Sept. 4.— The British
bark Coronna. Captain - Mason, from
Antwefp for Puget Sound, has been
abandoned and the - crew landed at
Mara del Plata, on the eastern coast
of South America. It is believed about
one-third (ff the cargo of the vessel
can be saved. ,
Stabbed by a Colored Man.
Henry Conway. a waiter in the
Raphael House at Montgomery;, ave
nue and Dupont street, got into. a fight
with a colbred'man on Pacific street
between Kearny street and Montgom
ery avenue, early, yesterday morning.
They both fell to the sidewalk and
some i one " shouted "Police!" Both
sprang to their : feet and. ran away.
Conway discovered a few minutes
later that he had been stabbed in the
back under the lef t , shoulder.' blade.
He went to the Central 'police station
and waa "pent in the patrol wagon to
Central Emergency, Hospital. He did
not know his assailant. -
To-day's celebration of Labor day
promises to be the best ever held in
"San Francisco. The parade will be
conducted under the auspices of the
Building Trades Council and from in
dications there will be many thou
sands in line. It will start promptly
at 9 o'clock from Fourth and Mar
ket streets.
Following is the line of march:
From the westerly line of Fourth, on
[.Market west to Van Ness avenue, on
j the west side of Van Ness avenue to
i California street, countermarching on
the east side of Van Ness avenue to
on the north .side of Market
Ro Ninth, thence on the south side of
j [Market to Fourth-, where the parade
1 ; will disband.
- In line with Grand Marshal P. H.
McCarthy there wlll.be his aids. John
"E. McDougald. Edward L. Nolan. Jos
[eph McAuliff, J. L. Fisher. John Mc
\ Closkey and Elton F. Bailey; the
f guard of honor. M. Collins. A. E. Fields,
M. J. Kirwan. John M. Decker, William
A. Griffin. Felix Scheerer, C. P. St.
John, E. J. Deaver. J. A. de Vecmon,
Eugene Clancy, D. J. Johnson and
Ralph McLaren, and the division mar
shals, tirst division. Thomas J. Far
rell; second' division. A. Fawke; third
division, F. P. Nicholas; fourth- divi
sion, A. E. Smith; fifth division. P. D.
Harthorn; sixth division, H. Beasley.
In the afternoon there will be a
grand picnic at Shell Mound. Park.
1 The' literary" exercises there will -be of
a high order. Athletic contests and
races will also play a prominent fea
ture at the park and valuable prizes
will be offered. (. ¦
The judges of the games will be
Cleveland L. Dam, Cress Gannon and
K. B. Hale.
Following Is the general committee of
arrangements: P. H. McCarthy, chair
man; John E. M«Dougald, treasurer;
Henry Thieler, assistant secretary; J.
B. Bowen. vice chairman; A. E. Smith,
vice chairman; O. A. Tveitmoe, secre
tary: William E. Scully, vice chairman:
J. J. Denely. vice chairman; J. Bell,
vice chairman; H. Smith, vice chair
man ;W. H. Joy, vice chairman.
The, San Francisco Labor Ccuncll
and its affiliated unions will this year
celebrate the day with literary exer
cises and an outing at the Chutes:
John O. Walsh, president of the Labor
Council, will Qct as chairman of the
day. George B\ Benham, past pres
ident of the . council, and: Andrew
Furuseth of the City'Front Federa
tion will deliver addresses at the lit
erary entertainment to be held in ths
Chutes Theater in the afternoon.
Schuppert's Band of twenty pieces will
furnish music all day. A g^and pyro
technic display will be given in the
evening.. The grounds will be open all
day. The literary exercises will com
mence at 2:30 p. m.
Thousands of Wage Earners
Engaged in "All Classes of
Industry to. Join in March
TOILERS WILL
PARADE TO-DAY
could send neither telephone nor tele
graph message from the point. He
reached this city late at night and noti
fied the Spreckels Tug Company of the
accident. The Defiance arrived at the
scene early-yesterday morning, but the
Drumburton was wedged tightly on the
rocks and could not be pulled off.
INSURED FOR BIG SUM.
The Drumburtcr. is a first-class iron
ship, valued at 545.000. * She was in
sured for $33,000. She. had been . lying
idle in Oakland Creek for several
months awaiting a charter, which she
received only a few days ago. The ill
fated shin was to go north and load at
Port B!akaley with lumber for Valpa
raiso. She was built by Russell, in
Glasgow, Scotland, for Gillson & Chad
wick. . *. •
According to Captain Thomas, short
ly after the Drumburton was . freed
from the tug the fog: • fejl like a pall
over her. The wind died down and she
drifted, a helpless hulk, at the mercy
of the current. •
"I had nothing to get my bearings
by," said Captain Thomas., The vessel
drifted through the white mist. Neither
captain nor crew knew whither or how
swiftly the ship was going. They were
utterly helpless. They heard nothing
but the splash of the waves against the
vessel's sides. They saw nothing but
fantastic shapes in the fog that seemed
to mock their bewilderment.
Praying for the friendly voice of a
fog horn or the sight of a light they
drifted through the gloom. The entire
Yosemite Vnlley.
Via Merced and the "Double Loop,"
the Santa Fe, in connection with the Yo
ssmite Transportation Company, offers
excellent service to the Yosemito Valley.
New and comfortable stages are used,
and the trip made by daylight only. The
road passes through two groves of Big
Trees, avoiding side trips to see the
Giants/ : ...
,N6 California trip is complete without
a visit to -Yosemite Valley,; and August
and September are delightful months for
the trip. : ; ¦ •
For excursionists from the East ;and
accompanying friends a special round
trip rate of $25.90 from San Francisco
is made. From Merced the rate is $20.00.
Xo sleepinp-car expense is necessary,
and good hotel accommodations en route
are available. Stop-off at Merced , is
given' on through railroad tickets. ' ,
Full particulars in illustrated folder
to be 'had at Santa Fc ticket offices. 641
Market street. . . •
gray, curtain of . mist. Voices shouted
out of the darkness. ' McGowan gave
an answering hail.
"Who are you?" he shouted.
"The ship Drumburton, fast aground,"
was the answer. "Where are we?"
"Off Point Pedro," 1 shouted Mc-
Gowan. ;
By this time quite a crowd congre
gated on the bluff. Mrs. McGowan, P.
J. Fleming- and his wife arrived, and
the four shouted encouragement to the
bewildered sailors. As the ship was
only fifty yards from shore voices could
be distinguished plainly.
E. J. Scott; a fisherman whose cabin
is built in the lee of the. bluff, near
where the doomed vessel lay, heard the
crash of the bombs. He Joined the
crowd on the bluffs with a lantern that
could be "distinguished faintly bv those
on board the ship. ¦ . ' ' ' j
"Can't some one come, out with a
boat?" was shouted from the vessel.
"All right," answered Scott. He hur
ried to his cabin and launched a small
boat that he uses in his trade. Guided
by the shouts of the Drumburton's
crew and the flare of an .occasional
rocket, the intrepid fisherman ; rowed
through the darkness to the vessel's
eide and boarded her.
After a" hasty consultation ' Captain
Thomas decided to. send Second Mate
William McDonald 1 and a seaman
ashore to seek assistance. Scott, rowed
them back, j Luckily the sea was not
rough or the little fishing boat would
have been swamped. The mate was
taken to Colma in a livery rig, but
crew was on*deek peering into .'the fog
and listening for the terrifying crash
of breakers 1 that they expected/mo
mentarily. ; . * *. '.
CAPTAIN'S WIFE OX BOARD. /
Wrapped in a cloak the captain's
wife waited beside her husband..' She
had left a hospital shortly prior ; to the
sailing that she might' accompany Cap
tain Thomas on the voyage.. She was
beside him when with a lurch the Dum
burton grounded on the rocks.-Plugg
ing forward the ship settled on, the bed
that ..will be its tomb. There , was no
confusion when the shock came. >
The crew prepared to launch the
small boats, but as the ship remained
motionless even in the trough of the
sea, : Captain Thomas decided .that it
was perfectly safe to remain on board.
Steward Joe Plum sent up-rockets,
which attracted the attention of those
on shore. ; > ... .; ..
Both Captain ; Thcrnas and Mate Mc-
Donald say *that if a tug could 'have
been secured Saturday night the Drum
burton might have been floated. -Now
she Hes in the clutch of the rocky
promontory that stretches like a bony
arm almost in reach of the path of
coasting vessels. The ship's .bottom
is badly torn and the approach td; her
is so dangerous that all hope of. floating
her has been abandoned. Even Cap
tain Barneson is resigned to t ( he loss,
which is not great owing to the heavy
insurance. ¦ ' .\, •;
Mrs. Thomas was taken from the
doomed ship by the Spreckels tug.•De
fiance. She was conveyed to-a'; hotel
by a cousin of her husband. The cousin,
who bears the same name as the^sklp
per of the Drumburton and who is "also
a mariner, refused j to permit . • Mrs.
Thomas to be interviewed.. -: He"' said
that the shock of ' the disaster had
brought back her illness. ;.,"rV "."•-
The crew remained on the vessel yes
terday. They were shipped Saturday
from the; Sailors' Home. ¦ The seamen
will be brought back to that institution
to-day. Their names follow: ..' >• ':- :: -
J. Moorl, J. Plum, Evans, ' Williams,
Phinski, E. B. Van Houten,. . J; ; .Van
Houten, R. Tiacks, A. Kuhlberg,
Charles Olefeldt, J. Pawadlar.'O.JBan
teille. J. Neven, R.' Lewis, P. ;Flatens.
Thomas Jesson.Aseley and Brady.' /
on account of his nationality, although
he Is now a naturalized citizen of Mex
ico. ,
Four-Master Drumburton Is on Rocks Off Point Pedro,
a Total Loss;
IRON SHIP THAT DRIFTED OX. THE ROCKS OF PEDRO POINT SATURDAY NIGHT DURING A I DENSE FOG AND WHOSE
HARD BED GAVE EVERY PROMISE OF MAKING A NEW ADDITION TO THE "GRAVEYARD OF VESSELS" ON FATE
7 FUL, PROMONTORY. • ' ¦ , . > . :
CAPTURES PICKPOCKET
WHO STOLE HIS PURSE
George Kelley Lays Hold of a Profcs
sional and "Turns Him Over
' to the Police.
Pickpockets .were in evidence yes
terday and were, plying their vocation
in a very strenuous manner. George
Kelley, who fcjj^connected with the
Spring .VallejffttdSter.Company, was on
his way to/;thafr>ark in an Oak-street
car, acconjpanrediljy several women,
when he/telt» sofrie. one taking his
purse ., fr r qm*,T}te,po'cket. It was so
deftly dbiietpaf 'for a'few moments he
could, not, tfr(l "|yho it- was, as the car
was. crowded."' .rWhen ;the car reached
FJllmore : street- he 'noticed a general
movement, of several men to get off
the- car. 'He followed? them and saw
one man in, the crowd pass to another
something than V appeared t6 be his
purse. Kelley' grabbed the man. and
then shouted for the police. "Police
man W. D. Flinn j placed the fellow
under ar.rest. He gave his name as
Edward Ford. : He had $90 in. his pos
session, but Kelley's pbeketbook was
not recovered. Ford's confederate
who received it having escaped.
Kelley said that while he -was strug
gling with, the man Ford asked, "How
much money have you lost?" and said,
"If you will name the amount twill
make it good rather than have any
disturbance." . .
The police think from what they
have learned that Ford and his gang
arc- a lot of expert pickpockets from
the- East.
W. B. Levy and Thomas, Beatty were
arrested last night and placed on the
detinue book at the City Prison on sus
picion that they were concerned in
some of the many recent pickpocket
cases, that have been reported to the
police. They were exhibited,' with Ford,
last night to a number of the late vic
tims of the light-fingered gentry; but
were not identified. Beatty has been in
jail several times on suspicion iorXthe
same- off ens%. The police do not know
Levy, but believe that he is a pick
pocket because he was found in Beat
ty's company.
John Grady and Joe Watkins were
arrested last night by Special Police
man Patrick KindoHn of the Southern
Pacific Company and charged at the
Southern station with grand larceny.
The men are accused of having
snatched a purse from an unknown wo.
man on board an excursion train com
ing from San Jose.- While the special
officer was trying to place the men un
der arrest a stranger attempted to free
the men by placing a revolver to the
face of the ' officer. Several friends
came to the assistance of the latter,
but the wbuM-be rescuer escaped.
ijj The little steam schooner Maggie,
running between this port and Half »
moon Bay,' ran ashore near the Cliff
House last night - and is still wedged
in the sand,'. with the breakers pound
ing her heavily.
In the dense fog that' hung over the
entrance to • the Golden Gate Captain
Thomas Rogan of 1 the Maggie mistook
the lights of Boulevard station for those
of 'the Cliff House. He whirled his rud
der around to sail through what seemed
the entrance of the harbor. The little
vessel struck with % terrific shock and
remained imbedded in the sand.
. The crew of the life-saving station at
the beach rushed their boat through
the surf,and pulled to the rescue. They
found the captain # and crew of the
small craft unharmed. An 'anchor had
been dropped -and the Maggie's doughty
mariners were prepared to spend the
night in the pounding surf.
The tug Dauntless steamed as close
as possible to the grounded schooner,
but could render no assistance. The
current was running rapidly and the
Maggie. was close inshore.
Captain Hogan said: "We were
steaming up at half speed in the fog.
I saw some lights t»a^ looked like the
Cliff House. I steered for what I
thought was the Golden Gate. The
next I knew we were on the sand."
Captain Hogan-is confident that the
Maggie can be extricated from her po
sition; but others are not so sanguine,
as a heavy sea is running. The Cap
tain and crew of seven men remained
with .the .vessel all night.
. The Maggie is a steam schooner of
100 tons. She has been making two
trips a day between this port and Half
moon Bay, carrying vegetables. The
craft is owned by the Stanell Company.
The captain's misreading of the lights
may mean" her destruction.
\\ itliin 36 hours . four vessels have
cone ashore near the entrance of San
Francisco Bay. A dense fos and un
accountable swiftness of currents are
given as the causes.
Here is a list of the disasters:
Three masted schooner James A.
Garneld, ashore 5 miles below the Cliff
House. Saturday, 6 o'clock a. m. Is
towed off.
Four masted steamer Drumburton
ashore on rocks near Point Pedro.
Saturday, 7 o'clock p. m. Will be a
total loss.
Steamer Newberg ashore near Fort
Point. Saturday, 8:30 o'clock p. m.
Is towed off.
Steam schooner Maggie ashore near
Cliff House. Sunday, 8 o'clock p. m.
Is still wedged in the sand.
The four-master iron ship Drumbur
ton lies Jammed on the rocks off. Point
Pedro. She was towed from this
port Saturday and set on her way to
Seattle. A dense fog settled upon the
ocean and in a dead calm »the ship
drifted with the current southward
through the white silence. At about 7
o'clock Saturday night she crashed bow
foremost on the rocky bottom of the
Point-
There is little hope of her being taken
off. A ragged hole is punched in her
hull and she is filled with water. The
vessel was sailing in ballast at the time
and the only loss sustained is about
J45.OO0. the value of the Drumburton.
This is offset by $38,000 insurance.
Captain William Thomas, the skip
per, seemed dared by the catastrophe
when interviewed yesterday.
"I don't know how it happened," he
said. "We're here. I wish we were not-
Lost my bearings? I had nothing to
take bearings by. We drifted and struck
on the rocks. That's all I know."
The Drumburton left port at 10 o'clock
Saturday morning. With Captain Reed
as pilot the ship was towed through
tbeOolden Gate, and spreading her
sails headed north.
The explanation given for her running
aground so far south is that the cur
rents bore her there. Captain Thomas
would mak<* no statement. The chief
ovrper. Captain John Barneson, is sat
isfied with the theory of the strong
currents. He says that it is plausible
that the vessel was carried down the
coast and sucked ashore by the same
treacherous : niEh of waters that ran
Th*> James A. Garfield ashore yesterday
and hurled the British bark Gifford on
the rocks a year ago. -
CAUL THROUGH THE FOG.
At about 7 o'clock Saturday night
th* inmates of the Point Pedro Hotel,
about a mile from this "graveyard of
ships,"' heard the boom of a rocket. J.
A. McGowan hurried down and ascend
ed the high bluff known as Little Pedro
Point. He could see nothing at first
through the heavy fog. Suddenly the
glare of a rocket flashed through the
Wife of Captain
on Ill-Fated
Vessel.
Lifeboat ! Rushed
Through Surf
to Rescue.
Call Through Fog
to the Shore
for Help.
Little Schooner
Maggie Ashore
Near Cliff.
TWO MORE SHIPS ARE AGROUND ON OCEAN BEACH
¦ v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY:^SEPTEMBER - 5, 1904.
12
" ADVEKT1SE3IEXTS.
¦I 1 ¦ ¦¦¦Mil 1 1 mini n iiiiBsisTTi p^— — »r»»i»i^»saa
Monday, Sept 5
Cor ANNUAL FALL SALE of FINE WHITE and COLOSED BLANKETS
will commence tc-day. The assortment is most complete for single,
three-quarter and doable beds and are th3 BEST VALUES WE HAVE EVER
OFFERED. We wl! show these Blanket? In wiita, red, licnna, pink,
bto anj gray. •• <- «- «• *• •"..•"
300 pair White Wool BLANKETS, for three-
auarter beds; selling veru low C3 7R nr
2C0 pair California White BLANKETS, full size,
5 rounds in weiohtj special oc nn nr
value- • • MlUU h 1
150 tair California Whit 3 > BLANKETS, 57 en nr
. extra heavu, double had sizs oiiOU|Ji
75 pair "Ohio" Fleeca White BLANKETS, veru
fine wool and large size — CD KQ nr
50 pair "Ohio" Golden Fleece BLANKETS in
pink or b'us, mads from selected wool,
full size anl weight, selling low on nn «•
The atove are but few of the mang
Qualities we are showing and we will fie
piea:ed*to have visitors examine our
stoGk before returning horn?.
\ ¦• *
HfSEE WINDOW DISPLAY M
NOTICE— Our store will be open Monday and
closed Tuesday and Friday.
111 to 121 Post Street
V Conclave /
© . . //• ?¦ fin© v o
§ Price tC^^m^M- IPillJ
& ''¦¦¦'~'m9P £ "*"*" '* ' ' "' " • -®©© ' ' '¦ •
8; J>9*** > /Sei.i frienis % 'Hh^ ~ m 5 ,
!«•* £ a copy dd> and the>r \ %£
£ will^bei'.'.ai Ave:l posted ;V ,
.•''£. as if they werehere % /,
£ at tending -the -Conclave. \:
3IISCELXAXEOUS. f - ¦' ¦
Gen. William Booth
3onestly and ccnsdentlcnaly leeomme&di
Georgia Maycrla'a classes wMoh rrera
made for him while in Saa Prandsco.
He tixhly appreciates the ncothiaz aad
stresstsesinsr effect they have on his
eyes and writes the following testimo-
nial:
Mr. George Mayerle — Dear Sir: The
CTlasses yon made for me are the best X
ever remember using. Yours faithfully,
WILLIAM BOOTS, j
ceorgeIviayerle's
EYE
Is a j.«rf»ct!y harmless aad effective remedy,
makes weak eyes strong, diseased eyes well.
Re*t!i tired eyes.
Price, M)c. By mail, 62c. If your druggist
doesn't keep It order direct from Georg« May-
erle, 10T1 Market street. San Francisco. Qeorar*
Mayerle's antiseptic eyeglass cleaners. 2 for C5«.
A Warning ! "^1
TO THS FITBX.IC.
To avoid imitators be sure you see taa
name GEO. MAYERLE
Before entering and have the correct
number. 1071 Market St.
*W9999Q9*99999**f
I "The I
|Crusaders."Jl
J Visiting Knights Templar;*
• And Their Friends O
• Are Cordially Invited to - •
% See This %
I GRAND I
I PAINTING I
| At ' |
8 GUMP'S ART GALLERY!
9 113 Geary Street. I 9
Constipation and many other
infantile disorders are the re-
; suits of improper feeding. Give
t your baby MeUin's Food and sse how
' quickly infantile troubles disappear.
Send for - our book " The Care A
Feeding of Infants " and we will send
. it with a sample cf Mcllin*3 Food '
free of charge.
MELLIN-S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
AD VERTISEMENTS. U ¦
BQWEN
R CO.
No deliveries today.
Vista del Valle
Wines
To stimulate the demand
for these wines, we offer a
discount of one dollar a case
off the- list price during
September, 1904.
Your visiting friends are
welcome here— your, guests
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
AsparagUS-California 25
Enouth for four, reg'ly 30c can
Puree de Foies Gras 20
Goose liver, French paste for sand-
wiches, reg'ly 25c can
Eastern Cheese-Reg'iy 20c n> 1754
Herklmer Co., kind for Welsh rarebit
Nabisco Sugar Wafers 25
AH flavors, reg*ly 30c can
12^c CIGARS 10c
Key West brands only
WhlSky-G. B. & Co., O. K. Bourbon
Sweet Mash, reg'ly Jl bot 3 for 2
Pure " J4gal 3
Cocktails-Imperial 90
Vermouth, whisky, gin, Manhattan, .
Martini, reg'ly $l.2o bot "4. *
Spanish Sherry-Topaz 50
reg'ly 75c bot $2.50 gal I.85
Port-Private Stock 50
Choicest Native vintage 2.00
res'ly 75c rot, J2.50 gal^
Scotch W hisky-D. c. l. 1.00
Very Old, Spicial, reg'ly $1.25 bot
Irish Whisky-D.c. l. go
Killy croy, 1 star reg'ly 51 bot \
Table Claret-v. Zinfandei 40
Verv good wine, reg'ly 50c gal
White Wine-California gal 55
rrg'JyTocgal pts 1.50
" doz pts, $2.75 doz qts 2.40
} : For this week's entertain-
ing. No better opportunity
to show California's best
wine.
Cigar Special
Te 1 egra f O-Alcalde 8.75
njj'Jy 510 box of 103, large size ' •