PRICE FIVE CEtfTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 104.
Continued , on I Face - 3, /Columns 2,;^'
• BOSTON, 'Sept. ll.--John * Redmond,
the -Irish s leader.:!- declared 'to-night at
a crowded mass meeting that in view
of the present complex political < situa
tion , in Great ; Britain • the^ Irish Natlon
alist "party ', is : irila fair way^to: control
tha next 'British Parliament.,.
Predicts Control. for Irish.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— The dead
body of David • P. Leibhardt, superin
tendent of the dead letter office of the
Posfofflce Department, was found to
night. Evidently it was a case of sui
cide There was a bullet in the temple.
Several letters addressed • to friends
taabeeenleXV-
SUPERINTENDENT OF DEAP
' IiETTER OFFICE TAKES LIFE
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The barber
eiiop of Joseph Stravelll. on Third ave
nut, v.as wrecked by an explosion Just
before 1 o'clock this morning and twen
ty families living In the house were
thrown Into a panic, during which sev
eral of the tenants were hurt.
Six weeks ago Stravelll received a
letter eigned with a crudely drawn
"Black Hand." in which he was order
ed to deposit $500 between two stones
et First avenue and Thirty-eighth
etreet. The letter closed by saying:
"If you do not leave the money you
itke care of yourselL"
Carry Out Thr— ? Acainst Life of
Man Who Ignored a Dem
niand for Money.
"BLACK HANDS" WRECK
NEW YORK BARBER SHOP
War "News'- Continued on -Page S.
NEW,YDBK Sept. 1^ The White
Star line steamship Germanic, in the
service of the American Hue. which
sailed for Southampton on Septem
ber 3 went aground in the main ship
channel, about three-quarters of a
Sue off Sandy Hook, about 11:30
"clock to-night. A thick haze pre
vailed at the time. Reports from.
Sandy Hook show that the steamship
does not. appear to be In a bad posi
tion She may possibly float clear at
the "next high water, to-morrow morn
ing, j-
WHITE STAR LINER GOES
ASHORE OFF SANDY HOOK
Steamship Germanic Ixxses Bearings
in a Thick Haze and Knns
Affround.
men — a remarkable, low percentage of
officers to;the large crew, showing that
Russia has suffered in the I loss of | her
brass-buttonedisea fighters.' They '; are
Captain "A.; TJBerlinsky,. Commander
Rytschagoff ; , Lieutenants Grau^ -Ivari
off and- Zotoff; Sub-lieutenantH-;'Averf
kief, -Mihailoff and Kira-Dingin;. Mid
shipmen .'.Spechneff.r. Tarorvenko and
Kahtin; Chief Engineer Ratmanoff :
Assistant Engineers ; Semenpv, Federoff
arid | Kakatzan ; Surgeon Zabatkin and
Chaplain Oslkoff.',", ; '. *
The ; officers of ¦ the- Lena report that
she left; Vladivostok;. thlrty-qne. "days
ago and came by ;way v of ..St.'- Mary, ;a
small port*; in>: the Saghalien {Islands,
and well to the north' had; an
uneventful, run .. for- San* Francisco.
Asked the reason \ for • a trip • across :' the
Pacific at;the time when the : Czar's fast
ships may: be useful in ? the Orient; f they
said the steamer's : boilers' are , in . bad
condition and;must be • repaired: > When
questioned 1 . Japan's .possible
objection to arRussian seekins.a.'pla.ce
of refuge, iri^a; neutral port,^ they an
swered j that I if ,necessary + the , ship . could
be /disarmed I and 'dismantled, '^but* that
at' least: a ? month would- be" needed^ to
complete " repairs. ""They . • averred - that
they had plenty, of coal, 'but : tiie^ vesset
stands i, too I; high -out t of ithe^.water , -to
have much ; fuel- in" her >. bunkers. W -V : « ...
The captain,' after the salutes ; and of
ficial i visits ?, had v/been j exchanged be
tween his ship and the New-York,']Bos
ton.vBenninErtpn '*. and v Marblehead; '. left
the > Lena andTiurried ashore to visit the
Russian"ConsurGeneral.% '¦":¦ ;, > ~ '¦-; v
V: On -i the - ship's % decks .,• arid ; in vtho
The unexpected appearance of ..the
Russian cruiser Lena in San Francisco
bay about noon* yesterday excited un
usual interest and i gave rise to many
questions of international law.
As soon as the news . of the Lena's
arrival became generally known- the
event was the one topic of conversa
tion. There were many guesses as to
her mission and many fears of diplo
matic complications ¦ between Russia
and the United States.
The big elate colored vessel steamed
Into the harbor with twenty-three slen
der looking rifles looking over her rails,
the blue cross of St: Andrew . on her
white flag waving ominously from, its
staff. She stole slowly out of thethin
fog that hung over the Golden Gate,
her huge hull looming over the water,
and came to a standstill as her anchor
vrcnt down on the bay -bottom off
Meiggs wharf.- , ' :
That flag Is the war standard of holy,
Russia and those : guns, are ' a part of
the Vladivostok raiding batteries. Many
cases of freight along the^ wharves are
shrinking Into the • darkest corners of
the sheds and the exultant ;"banzais"
arc hushed in Prospect place. .; •
It was a surprise' that .a Russian
cruiser slipped to the northward of
Kamimura, carried -away; from . the
danger ¦ zone and \ fotjndt.'a : safe • berth
in San Francisco's open . port. ';,¦ Her ap-;
pearance was the * signal for ' all \ kinds
of : epeculations in'-- the *• public . mind.-
There . wu . general tgood> feeling,' bow-
The Lena has , a battery • of. twenty
three modern' rifles, as; follows: J, Three
120 .millimeters t or 4.63-inch ; diameter,
twelve 75 millimeterB or 2.96-inch, eight
47 ; millimeters or .1.85-inch-and'one J 37
millimeters or 1.46-Inch.' These' guns are
mounted •' on . the ; spar ""'deck . = without
shields, . and because of their, open po
sition are . all able , to ; command a wide
sweep offflr^. 'One of the 4.63's is on the
topgallant forecastle,; and : - she ; is : a , fast
steamer that escapes that rifle, carried
overithe ' sea * in *,the ¦ wake < of t ' a • hunted
liner, at the rate of nineteen and- a half
knots an hour. ' -
She carries : sixteen -officers i and ' 4S3
. The Lena is a converted steel cruiser
of the Czar's royal navy.- She was for
merly the volunteer steamer Kherson,
a freighter and passenger vessel ; of the
Black Sea and Mediterranean and Vladi
vostok trade.* She was built at . Heb
burn, England, in'lS95, j and is 493. feet
long,'; 54 feet beam and 24 feet: draught.
The ship is . registered at ' 10,225 tons
displacement, has. engiries- of an in
dicated .horsepower ' of • .12,500 and
her twin propellers will drive her when
she ' is fresh from .the, dry /dock at '19&
knots. 'The; Japanese liner America
JIaru,.; which may/ be. on -; this ! :coa J st
about October 1, and .which may.bean
objectof interest to the Russian, is an
18-knot boat, v - _ •
SHE ; IS WELIi AR3IED."-
ever, when news of herrriendly salut
ing of the- American ' fleet 'became
known, and when her captain visited
the New. York, - the "; Marblehead,* the
Be nnington and! the Boston, a' kindly
feeling arose in place of doubt and the
fear. 'of ...
employers was the outcome of the con
ciliation plan of adjusting the wage
differences between the Republic Iron
and Steel Company and its 20,000 skill
ed employes, at Ashtabula, O.
The members of the Amalgamated
Association of Iron and Steel Workers
employed by the Republic Company
xvere forced to Fubmit to a reduction in
wages. The decrease In pay will be
from 2 to 13 per cent. '
The most skilled workers will suffer
the greatest reduction. The award was
made after an all-night session.
Employes of tlic Republic Steel Com
pany Must Submit to a
Wasc Reduction.
CHICAGO. Sept. 1L— Victory for the
ARBITRATION" AWARD
IS AGAINST THE UNION
Officers Report That Disabled Boilers Drove Her to
This Harbor for Urgently Needed Repairs.
RUSSIAN SHIP OF WAR WHICH SURPRISED UNCLE SAM'S PORT OFFICIALS l AND .LOCAI/ 'AUTHORITIES 1 YESTERDATt.
BT STEAMING INTO THIS HARBOR. WITH PHOTOGRAPHS OF HER OFFICERS: ALSO REAR 1 ADMIRAL' OF UNITED ".
STATES NAVY IN COMMAND AT YERBA BUENA TRAINING STATION. > - : . . .. ,-.»..-. ,:
¦ KRONSf AbT,;: Sept.: 11.— The . Baltic
fleet- salted -to-day for- the Far East.
The .vessels \0f the- fleet are, the battle
ships' Sou varoff, Vice ; Admiral 'Rojest
vensky's ".flagship, - .the ; Navarin, the
Sissol, ; the ; Vellky, , the Borodolno.^the
Alexander in;, the, vOfel.Vthe Oleg arid
the 1 Oslabya, Rear "Admiral ' Voelker
sanv's^ flagship; the ; cruisers Admiral
Nahaklmbff, 'the ' DImltrl * Donskol; the
Aurora"; arid | the- Almai/;Rear "Admiral
EnquIstVflagship,' arid several'torpedo
boats arid 'torpedo-boat 'destroyers. The
'fleet will 1 merely touch at" Llbau, where
it will be Joined _by_t\velVe~ transports,
colliers ;and- supply shipsr already wait
lng;there, and will then "proceed direct
to" tHe'Orierit.yj- ;' ' ': '<'¦• * V • t '
The scene 'on* the. departure' of "the
fleet .was an'Mmposing lone. 7 " At dawn
the* first /ahchor "was .hoisted '"on the
swift " cruiser Aurora, which, accom
panied ; by' two ;. torpedo-boa tf,. slipped
out of the harbor; The town was* awak
ened by.V the : booming' of [\ the guns of
the '.forts ? as '• the Aurpra^'sped 'toward
LibaU 'in advance of ' the '-main- squad
ron: - ¦ • - '* % :¦:' ¦ ¦ ¦¦-'
' I . FARKWELIi t TO THE; CZAR. • *
-t*'At .2 .'o'clock 'In t the afterribdn, the
time." set; for /the departure; pf the", re
mainder, of,;. the, Meet,, tha .Imperial
yacht, with; the ;Emperoiv .Grand Duke
Alexis, ahe /High L'Admlrai, r and other
high ° naval officers on->ooard,iput out
frbm'Peterhbf on'the" other sidef of the
bay;'.with ! an escort' of /three Horpedo
boats.'¦"!: Admirals Rojestvensky, Voelk
ersanx'arid- Enquist; went on board !the
imperial : yacht and . persanolly : said
farewell; to 'the Emperot-. -:. . . • ¦
V Then, with .the destroyers ahead and
abeam,- the ; Souvaroff , Jed squadron
down ;thevFinnish 'c Gulf.^iThe water
frorit f arid Iplers -and forts \ were crowd-'
ed~. wlth\" spectators. J; The <.-, ensigns; on
the ' yachts twere i dipped' and -'. the * guns
of ,*each» chain \ of « forts' across - the -bay
' Jciriednin Tan .rAdmirars k salute, /while
from the ¦ signal * masts * above/ the " forts
fluttered a strinsiof flags' read
ing,: '.'Good i luck r . to f the -'Baltic fleet ; on
Its ¦ long ;"., ~ * ; , ;' ;
• ,The • weather 'all \ day ; has i nbeen. alter
nating f rorii "clear. tol cloudy,*> but as \ the
fleet left port -there ,was aburst.'ofsun-
-The decision of the Admiralty to send
out the, fleet in the face of the existing
situation lr. ,the .. Far^East is evidence
of. the'. temper pf- = the Government to
prosecute the Cwar, to the finish. " It ' is
understood , that 'there' was considerable
divergence- of .expert opinion on the
question ' of delaying *the. sallinsr of the
fleet [until;; the spring,-.but the Emperor
turned;the scale in favor immediate
departure. ' 7~-' ¦¦¦ -'.-'. . - .
. In Ithis connection there are other war
moves. - Mobilization In , Southern Rus
sia -was announced: to-day and prac
tically all ' of .the^reserve officers of the
navy r have been called * out. " ¦
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 12, 2:33 a.
m.— The departure of . the Baltic fleet
f or ). the 1 Far : East is ofllcially an
nounced. . Admiral. Birllleff, commander
of the naval.'forces.at Kronstadt, will
accompany the^ fleet as far as Llbau,
from, which jx>rt this modern armada
of .almost' forty pennants: will sail im
mediately for the Orient.; - ¦
• The Admiralty ) does not state how.
long Admiral >. Rojestvensky will stop
at 'Llbau,* but.' it; Is understood that It
win.be for only a few .days.
'Th'e.- plan for ..the cruise has been
divulged. : Colliers accompany the fleet
for -the/purpose., of supplying [ the tor
pedp-boats' and .torpedo-boat destroy
ers, whose v steaming - radius Is small.
Other ' colliers : ;have_ already sailed or
are. awaiting orders at- foreign ports to
meet the squadron'on the way. All the
vessels i are • equipped:; with apparatus
for coaling "at. sea. ,
-The general opinion is that the ves
sels will go by .'way of Suez.-but some
rumors say that the. Cape route will be
taken.' ; « - j : .I . ' . ~ :
shine; followed- up on the southern hori
zon bythe blur of a rain squall across
the. gulf.
BRIEF STOP "AT LJBAU.
WASHINGTON, Srpt. 11.— The Gov
ernment may "have to' deal with a
mixed school problem In Indian
Territory. Reports have reached the
Interior Department that some of the
Indians of the Five Tribes are threat
ening to boyiott the new schools which
will b« established in the Territory
this fall if negro children are permitted
to attend. It i3 sr.id that protests from
influential- men in the Territory will
be filed with the Secretary of the In
terior against mixed schools and that
much feeling exists. '
The objection to mixed schools first
came from the ChlckaSaws, who are.
said to take the position that Con
gress, when it passed the bill, intended
that - the appropriation should be ex
pended on the education of Indian chil
dren alone. -
Red Men Threaten to Boycott Schools
If Negro Children Are
Admitted.
INDIAX TERRITORY : , X. -
HAS A RACE ISSUE
RUSSIA'S FORMIDABLE BALTIC FLEET
STARTS ON ITS TRIP TO FAR EAST.
i ALPINV Texas. Sept. 11. — The Rio
Grande -River Is on the worst rampage
in its history and great destruction of
property has already occurred at Pre
sidio del Norte. Ojlnlto and many
other smaller settlements situated on
both sides of the, river for a distance
of 300 miles along its course. The
valley Is narrow along the river
through the Great Bend region of
Texas and the losses by destruction of
crops there will not be heavy. .
According to information received
to-day from a mounted courier, who
came direct from Presidio del Norte,
more than 100 houses of that town,
including the United States Custom
house, were washed away by the flood.
The flood is said .to have swept away
whole settlements of houses occupied
by Mexicans between Presidio del
Norte and .Bouquillas. No reports of
loss of life have been received.
Hundreds of Homes in Settlements
Along the Rio Grande Are
Destroyed.
RIVER OVERFLOWS BANKS
AND DOES GREAT DAMAGE
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 11.— The Del
aware steamship Columbia, on its way
from thl3 city to Bristol. Pa., to-night
crashed into a. steam launch ten miles
north of here, grinding it to pieces and
causing the drowning of eight of the
twelve occupants of the small boat. AH
ef the party were Philadelphlans. The
dead:
JOSEPH FORTESCUE.
WADE ADAY.
THOMAS DUFFY.
THOMAS CORVESCIER.
ANNA YOUNG.
JOSEPH PFROMER.
MRS. JOSEPH PFROMER.
ENGINEER JAMES BRIGGS.
The launch was owned . by Joseph
Fortescue and the party had been
made up of. his friends. The day was
spent in a cruise up the river. The re
turn trip was begun after nightfall,
the pilot keeping close to the Pennsyl
vania shore. When a point near Anda
lusia was reached the Columbia sud
denly loomed up in the darkness. For
tescue jammed his wheel to starboard,
but Just a moment too late. The big
steamer struck the launch squarely
in the middle and cut it in half, throw
ing all the occupants into the water.
.- A panic ensued among the passen
gers on the Columbia. Dozens of life
preservers " were thrown overboard to
4hose -III the -.water and a boat was
quickly lowered. When the rowboat
reached the "spot only, four persons
dould be found in the darkness. It is
believed that several of the victims
¦were .crushed by the paddle wheels
on the Columbia.
Cuts Pleasure Boat in Hal?es and
Only Four of Its Twelve Oc
cupants Are Saved.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept lL—To
day's developments in the case of the
robbery of $7000 from a Canadian Pa
cific Railway train fifteen miles east of
here on Saturday night show that the
robbers Bed fur the United States and
are probably now safely across the bor
der.
The robbery was planned to the
minutest detail. After having robbed
the express and mail cars the robbers
forced Fireman Freeman to uncouple
the engine and with it they started for
a point which they named two miles
down the track toward Vancouver.
When they approached the place the
leader said. "Th's is the place," and
ordered a sto;». The" robbers clambered
on* together, the leader backing: away
and covering the engineer with his re
volver. "Xow go back to your train," he
commanded, and the engineer and fire
man started back to where their cars
had been left.
This morning' the special train "carry
ing the posse arrived at daylight on the
scene and went over the vicinity with
the firemoT.. The latter showed where
the robbers jumped off. From there the
tracks led plainly along: the railway for
100 yards, then through a field to the
bank of the Fras or River, dose at
hand. Thpre the three had jumped fnto
a boat, which they doubtless had pre
viously preyiuivd. and crossed the river/
On the other side they started for the
international boundary by the Mount
Lehman roa<2, a distance of eleven
ralles. They may have had horses, and
i-c;uld have reached American territory
by daylight to-day.
BANDITS TAP THE WIRES.
The police are watching this district
and inclosing th* roads on all sides, so
that there Ij ttiil a chance of the men
being captured before they reach Blame
«r BelUngham. They left nothing be
hind to giv<> the slightest indication of
their identity. Their masks and outer
clothing were either taken away or
runk in the river. The registered mail
sack was carried away.
The mystery is inc: eased by the re
rcipt of a ulegram yesterday from an
unknown sovroe directing the telegraph
operator at Mission to have the express
i 3 gent open the safe. The scheme of this
message was evidently to suggest that
the agent at Vancouver was away, or
for eorae ether reason that the com
bination could not be oo^ned here. The
telegram was signed "D." for the dis
patcher, and is thought to have been
cent by the robbers tapping the wires
and usins their own instruments. The
message was sent from no station
along the route.
The safe was opened, but contained
nothing. The robbers had a bag of dy
namite with which to blow it open if
necessary- The sending of this tele
cram, together v.ith. other circum
stances, Ehows that the robbers were
familiar with local conditions. It is be
lieved the robbers climbed on the blind
baggage at Mission.
Neither the fireman nor the engineer
lieard a sound until the revolver in the
hand of the leader touched the driver's
*-bou!der. When the engineer turned he
found this revolver and two rifles lev
eled at him from the coal tender. The
only man in the train crew who had a
pun was the express messenger, and
lie promptly put it away when the rob
bers appeared at his door with the
muzzles of their rifles sticking into the
ribs of the fireman and engineer.
HighwayBea Tap the Wires and Send
a Strange Message as a Part
of Their Flans.
Posse Hot on* the Trail oi
the Canadian Pacific
Bandits.
Steamship Crashes Into, a
Small Craft Carrying
Picnickers.
EigM Persons Meet
Death in tlie
; Delaware.
BRIGANDS
GO ACROSS
THE BORDER
Train RobbersBscape
Into the United
States.
DISASTER
ENDS TRIP
OF LAUNCH
RUSSIAN CRUISER LENA REACHES SAN
FRANCISCO, SURPRISING THE WORLD
The San Francisco Call.
Alcazar— "Th» Second In Com
mand."
California— "Marta of the~ Row
lands."
Central— "Only a Shop QlrL". - .
Chute*— Vaudeville.
Columbia— -"Baffles."
riicher'i — "Anaenaer i Push.**
Grand— "Princess ran' Tan."
Majestic — "In the Palace of the
KlniV
Orphetun— Vaudeville.
Tivcli — "The Toreador.".
TBS THXATBXS.
T7S WEATHER.
rcrecart mad* at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours endiasr
miOnisrht. September 19:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy or foray Monday ; fresh
west wind.
Q. H. WZXiXtSOK,
Local Porec&cter.
SAN FRANCISCO," MONDAY, SEPTEMBER -12, ,1904:So. far as, the rights of the individual wage
worker and the individual . capitalist | are con
cerned, both . as . regards one another, as
regards • the ¦ public, . and . as' • regards organized
capital v and labor, . the < position of .' the ' ad
ministration has . been so clear that there . is
no excuse 'for .misrepresenting it, - and no
ground for opposing it unless misrepresented.
Within the limits' defined by the .national
constitution the national ¦ administration r has
sought to . secure , to each man " the full ,' enjoy
ment, of his right, to live his life and dispose
of his property and his ¦ labor as he ' deems
beat, so long . as ; he , wrongs , no one I else. It
has shown in effective fashion that In endeav
oring .to make good this guarantee, it treats
all men; rich or - poor, whatever their creed,
their color, or their i birthplace, as standing
alike before the law. Under our form of gov
ernment the . sphere In ¦ which . the nation aa
distinguished ¦ from the - State can f act ' is nar
rowly circumscribed ; . but within ; that sphere
all that could- be done has 1 been 'done.^ -.All
thinking men are aware of the. restriction
upon the power of ¦ the , National Oovernment
in such matters. Being ourselves mindful of
them, -we' have been scrupulously careful on
the one hand to be moderate in > our promises,"
and ou' the other hand to keep these promises.
In letter - and ' In - spirit. ' t Our , opponenta , have
been hampered - by no such., considerations.
They have promised, and ' many 'of them " now
promise,' action ¦ which they « could • by no ; pbs-"
elblllty take In the exercise of constitutional
power,, and which, • if, attempted, .would : bring
business to a standstill;' they have used, and
often now ure,- language of. wild invective and
appeal: to all the baser passions which tend I to
excite ono set of -Americans against their fel
low-Americans;-and-yet whenever they have
bad- power they have flttinrly supplemented
PROTECTION ABROAD
DEMANDED FOR ALL
AMERICAN CITIZENS
; In closing .what I- have to say about the
system of promoting American Industry let me
add a word of cordial . agreement with the
policy of in some way -' Including within, its
benefits,- by. appropriate legislation, . the Amer
ican merchant marine.. It Is not creditable to
us as a nation that our great export aad Im
port trade should be well-nigh exclusively . In
the ' hands of I foreigners.
It Is difficult to know If <mr opponenta are
really sincere in : their demand for the redac
tion of the army. If Insincere, there is no
need for comment, and If sincere, what shall
we »ay in speaking to rational persons of an
appeal to reduce an army of 60.000 men which
Is taking care of the • Interests ¦ of over
SO.OtiO.OOO people? .The army is now relatively
smaller than it was in the days of Washing
ton, /when on the ptfaoe esUbllslftnent there
were 3C00 ' soldiers, while there were -a little
less than 4,000.000 of population; smaller than
It was In the peaceful days of Jeffers.on,
when there were 5100 soldiers to S.'fOO.coo pop
ulation ' j There Is now one soldier to . every
1400 pecple In this country-r-less than one
tenth of l.per cent. We cannot be asked
seriously to argue as to the amoupt of pos
sible tyranny contained In these figures. The
army as It is. now, Is as small as it Can pos
sibly be and serve t Us purpose as an effective
nucleus for the organization, equipment and
supply of a \»lunteer army la time of need.
So it is as between the capitalist and the
wage-worker. Here and there there may be
an unequal sharing as between the two tn the
benefits that have come by protection; .but
benefits have come to both, and a reversal tn
policy would mean damage to both, and - while
the damage would be heavy to all, it would
be heaviest, and it would fall soonest, upon
those who are paid in the form of wages each
week or each month for that .week's or that
month's work.
- Conditions change and the laws must be
modified from time to time to, fit new exigen
cies. But the genuine underlying principle of
protection, as it has been embodied in all but
one of the American tariff laws for the last
forty years, has worked out results so 'benefi
cent, '¦• so evenly and widely spread, . so advan
tageous alike to farmers and capitalists and
worklngmen, to commerce and trade of every
kind, that the American people,' if they show
their usual - practical business sense, will In
sist that when these laws are modified they
shall be modified with the. utmost care and
conservatism, and by the . friends and not , the
enemies of the - protective system. . They can
not afford to trust the modification to those
who treat protection and robbery as synony
mous terms. ¦
REVERSAL OF POLICY
WOULD INJURE THE
AMERICAN WORKMAN
Similar misrepresentation Is the one .weapon
cf our . opponents^ . in rerarfl to our ' foreign
policy and la the way the navy has been made
useful in carrrinr out this policy. "Here again
all that we ask is that they truthfully state
¦what- has been dene, and then say whether or
rot they cbject to it; for If continued in power
w« ehcll continue cur foreign policy and our
handliuc of the naiT en exactly the same lines
In the future as in the past. To what phase
cf our fortiori policy, and to what use of the
cavy, fio our opponents object? Do they object
to the way in which the MorJwe doctrine has
been Strengthened anC ' upheld? ¦ Nev*r before
has tlris fioctr.ne t»e«a ncquiesced In abroad
us It is now; end yet, while upholding the
rtj-lits cf the weitkcr American republics
against foreign aggrefision, the administration
lain lost no opportunity to pcint tun to these
republics that those . who seek equity should
come with dean hands, and that whoever
< li.in.s liberty as a rig.ht must accept the re
6j on-ilbintU'S that go with the exercise ot the
rig'.it. Do cur opponent* object to what wat
don«.- in reference to the petition of American
citizens esatnst the Kishinev massacre? or to
the prute»t aitain&t the treatment of the Jews
In Itoumania? or to the efforts that have beer
mad* '.n behalf of. the Armenians In Turkey?
No other admin Islration in our history, no
other government' "tn the world, has more
corsiatcrtly stood for the broadest
spirit of brotherhood In our cora
tnvn humanity, or has held a more re*o
luto attitude of protest against every wrong
that outraged the civilization of the age, at
home or .-.bread. Do oar opponents objtct to
the fact that. the international tribunal at the'
1 3 ague was rescued frcra impotence,' and turned
into a potent 'Instrument for peace among the
nations? ¦ This Government has ' used that
tribunal.' and advocated its use by others. In
jiursuai^c* cf its policy to promote the cause
of Intimation*) peace and cood will by all
honorable methods. In carrying ont this policy,
it has settled dispute ' after - dispute by arbi
tration or by frvndly agreement. It has txs
haved toward all natlont. nrong and weak,
trjth courtesy, dlrr.ity and Justice; and it is
now en excellent terms with all.
Do our or>ponewts object- to the settlement of
the Alaska boundary line?. Do they object to
the fact that after freeing-. Cuba- we gave, her
reciprocal trado advantages - with ¦ the United
States, while, at. the same time keeping naval
•stations !n the Island and providing against
lt« ainlrtns into checs. or being conquered by
any foreign r^wer? Ko they object to the fact
that fmr flajr now flies over Porto Hico? Do
th?r cbjoct to fhf Koquin'.Ur.n of Hawaii? Once
tb«y "hauled down" our. flag, there; we have
hoisted tt tfaln; do they intend once more to
Bat the cefisUttxtion tsast be observed posi
tively as well as negatively. The President's
«uty Is to serve the country la accordance with
the constitution; and I should be derelict. In
my tfnty If I used a false construction of the
constitotlon -as a shield for weakness and tim
idity, -or as. an excuse 'or cavernmental Im
potence. ..—'.. '. . . - . . . . . .
MISREPRESENTATION
IS THE ONE WEAPON
OF THE OPPOSITION
-'"The question of tariff revision, . speaking
.broadly, •; stands wholly • apart from the ¦ ques
tion of dealing with the. trusts. No change In
tariff duties can have > any substantial eft'et
In '¦ solving : the : so-called t trust, problem. Cer«
lain '. great trusts or great corporations are
wholly unaffected by .the. tariff. . Almost all
the ¦ others . that , are . 'of any • Importance have
as. £ matter of fact numbers of smaller Amerl-'
can competitors., and of courso a change in the
tarlt* which ; would work <: injury to the large
corporation-, would work | not I merely , injury but
destruction .' of „ its : smaller ¦" competitors • 'and
equally of -course such a change would'mean
dlaanter- to all the wage? workers connected with
either :' the ,-¦: largo _ or .-. the.*- email. ' corporations i
From the standpoint' of those Interested in the
The administration : of . the great body of
classified civil service . Is free . from, politics,
and appointments , and - ; removal* have been
put upon a business -basis.' Statistics show
that there Is little 'difference between the
tenure of the Federal classified employes and
that'of the employes of private business cor
porations. *>«s than one per . cent of the
classified employes are over 70 years of age,
and In the main the ."service rendered Is vig
orous and efficient.. Where the merit system
was of- course most needed was in. the Philip
pine-Islands, and a' civil 'service law of very
advanced, type has . there, been put into opera
tion and scrupulously ¦ observed. Without .one
exception every, appointment In the Philippines
has been made in accordance with the strictest
standard^ of .fitness, and without heed to any
other consideration. . , . '.
Finally, we come • to ] certain matters ' upon
which our opponents do in . their platform , of
principles' definitely take -Issue with- us,, and
where, . If S,they ' are ' sincere, their triumph
would mean' disaster to the country. But ex :
actly as it Is Impossible to call attention to the
present promises and past record of our . op
ponents .without seeming offensive, to It ; la
Impossible to compare their ¦ platform with
their other .and later official utterances ' and
not create doubt as to their sincerity. In their
private or unofficial utterances nfttny of them
frankly advance this insincerity as a merit,
taking the position that. as regards the points
on which, I am about' to speak they , have no
intention ot keeping their promises or of de
parting from the policies now established, and
that therefore they can be • trusted not to
abuse they power they seek.
; When we take up the great question of the
tariff we are at once confronted; by the doubt
as to whether our opponents do or do not mean
what they say. They' say that "protection
is robbery." and promise - to carry themselves
accordingly if they, are given • ' power. ¦ Yet
prominent . persons among' them, assert that
they, do not really mean this and that if they
come Into power they, will adopt our policy
as regards the tariff while , others ;. seem
anxious, to prove that it Is safe to give them
partial power. \ because the power • would ; be
only partial;' and therefore : they would not be
able to do'mischlef;;: The* last Is* certainly a
curious ; plea to advance on behalf of a" party
seeking to. obtain control" of the government.
At the outset It is worth - while to say . a
word as * to the attempt to identify : the ques
tion of tariff revision- or tariff reduction with
a solution oftho trust question. This la al
ways a sign of desire to avoid any real. effort
to deal adequately with the'trust question. In
speaking . on this • point at Minneapolis on
April 4. 1903, I said: - - '. 'v *-n> t , „
MERIT SYSTEM FREE
FROM POLITICS AND
WELL ADMINISTERED
"Of. course? If our opponents are not sincere
in j their proposal to abolish -the system of a
'protective/ tariff 'there Is no use. in arguing the
matter at ail; savebypolntlh» out again that
If .on' one* great Issue they do not 'mean what
they say it Is hardly, safe to trust them on any^
other Issue. "But If they are sincere in this
matter, \ then', their -advent , . to , power would
mean domestic misfortune and misery as wide
spread .and far-reaching as. that which we
saw. .ten -years ¦ago.'-' .When they. speak of pro
tection ' as .''.'robbery," they. of. course must
mean that it Is Immoral to enact . a , tariff de- .
signed (as Is the present protective tariff) . to
secure to the American wage- earner the benefit
of the high standard of living which we desire
to see kept up In this country. Now to speak
of the tariff in this sense aa "robbery," there
by giving it a moral relation, la not merely
rhetorical; It ; is ; on tits face false. . The ques
tion of what tariff Is best. for. our people Is
primarily one of expediency,' to be determined
not . on abstract academic grounds, but In the
light of experience. It Is a matter of busi
ness; for- fundamentally ours is a business
people — manufacturers, '. merchants, j i farmers,'
wage-workers, professional men, all alike. Our
experience as a people In the past has cer
tainly not shown us .that we could
afford -in this / matter to follow those
professional 'counselors who . have con
fined themselves to study in the closet; for
the actual working of the tariff has emphati
cally contradicted their theories. .From time
to. time schedules must undoubtedly be rear
ranged . a-nd readjusted to meet the shifting
'needs of the country;. but this can with. safety
be done only . by those who are committed to
the cause of the protective system. To uproot
and destroy that system would be to Insure
the prostration * of business, the closing of fac
tories, the. impoverishment of the farmer, the
ruin of the capitalist end the starvation of the
wage-worker. Yet, if protection ¦ is Indeed
"robbery," and if our opponents really believe
what they say, then It is precisely to the de
struction and uprooting of the tariff, and
therefore of - f-ur i business * and . Industry, that
they are pledged. 1 -; When our 'opponents last
obtained power it- was on a platform declaring
a protective tariff "unconstitutional"; and the
effort to put this declaration Into practice was
one of the causes of the general national pros
tration lasting from 1893 to 1697. If a protec
tive tariff Is either "unconstitutional" or "rob
bery," then- it Is just as unconstitutional, just
as much robbery-to revise It down, 1 still leav
ing it protective, as it would be to enact it.
In other words, our opponents have committed
.themselves to the destruction of the protect
ive principle In the tariff, using words which
if honestly used forbid them from permitting
this principle to obtain In even the smallest
degree. '
Our opponents assert that. they believe In
reciprocity. Their action on the most Impor
tant reciprocity treaty recently negotiated —
that. with Cuba— does not bear out this asser
tion, y Mor<>ov«?r. I there ¦ can I be no reciprocity
unless there is a substantial tariff; free trade
and reciprocity are not .compatible. We are on
record as favoring arrangements for reciprocal
trade relations with other countries, these ar
rangements to b'.- on an equitable basis of
benefit to -both the contracting parties. The
Republican party stands pledged to every wise
and . ponsl&tent ' method of increasing the for-,
elgn - commerce • of the country. That It has
kept Us pledge is proven.- by the fact that while
the domestic trade of. this country exceeds, in
volume -t>>«' entire exDort and Import trade of
all the nations of the world, the United States
has In addition secured more than an eighth of
the exoort -trade of the world, -standing first
among the nat'nnn in thla respect. The United
States has exported during the last seven years
nearly ten ¦ billions of. dollars' worth - of goods
— on an -average Half as much again annually
as during the previous Icur years, when many
of our people "were consuming nothing but nec
essaries, and ' some '. of . them, a scanty supply
even of these. . - ¦ . . • • • •
Two years aco, speaking at Logansport, In
diana, I said :c - "- ¦ ¦ .
"The one consideration which must never be
omitted In - a . tariff - change is the Imperative
need of prtsarvlnir. the American standard of
.lvlmj f or '. the American workingman.- The
tariff rate 'must never -fall below that which
.will, protect 'the American worklnsman by al
lowing ( for the . difference ; between the general
labor cost here nr.d abroad, so as at least to
equalize the condition* arising . from . the dif
ference - in the standard of labor here- ¦• and
abroad — a : difference . which : it should be our
aim ' to ¦ foster - in - so far as i It represents the
needs of' better * educated, better paid, better
fed and, better clothed worklngmen of a higher
type than any to be found in a foreign coun
try.' At all hazards, ¦ nnd no matter what else
Is Bought • f or ;or nccompllshed ¦ by ' changes of
the tariff. -the American worklngman must be
protected in-hlB standard of -wages,- that' Is, -In
big standard of living, and, must be secured
the- fullest : owoortunity of -employment.- ; Our
laws should in no event afford advantage* to
foreign : Industrie* ¦ over American 'Industries^
They rhould.ln no event do less than equalize
thei difference" in.' conditions at borne and
abroad." - ¦¦ ' - • - -_¦'-. ' '
It Is a matter of regret that the protective
tariff do! icy. which,, during the last forty-odd
years .- has become part of, the very fiber of the
country, is " not now accepted .*¦. as • definitely
established. '\ Surely ' we : have , a right • to . say
lhat It has "passed beyond the domain* of the-,
ory, >' and & rlzht , to expect ; that not; only Its
original -but those who at one time
distrusted -It" on- theoretic grounds, should now
acquiesce. in; the* results that have been. proved
over > and - overs again . by ; actual .- experience.
These forty, odd -years have been the most pros-
Derous years this nation has ever seen; more
QUESTION OF^WHAT
TARIFF IS /BEST IS
ONE OF EXPEDIENCY
FILIPINOS WOULD
SUFFER IF THERE
iSAd[ANOKMADB
It. may weSl he-thst,rur «ct>*A»nt« *i*t» no
The pensions to the veterans of the civil
war are demanded by' every sentiment or re
gard and gratitude. ' The rural - free delivery
Is of the greatest use and convenience to the
farmers, a body of men Who liv« under con
ditions which make them -ordinarily recelva
UtU« direct return for what they pay toward
the- support .of. the Government. The irriga
tion policy In the arid arid semi-arid regions
of the West is one fraught with the most
beneficent -and far-reachims good to the actual
settlers, the,, hozaemakers, whose encourage
ment Is" a traditional feature in America.' *¦
national policy'.^ I>o -our opponent*.' ffrudge tljs>
fifty. mUllonB-paldifcr- the Manama, canal? ,D»
they intend: to -cut- down on the. pens.io.ns to
the veterans of. the civil war? Do they Intent*
to put a stop to the • Irrigation'. policy T or ta
the permanent census bureau? -cr to -immigra- •
tlon - Inspection-? -. Do . they ln,tend to abolish
rural free delivery? Do they intend to cut
down the navy? or the Alaskan'-'telegrapJi
system"? -Do they ' intend to 'dismantle- our
coast fortifications?. If there is to be a- real,
substantial • cutting down in national expendi
tures it must be in such matters as these.
The Department of Agriculture has done serv
ice of incalculable value to the farmers of this
country In many different lines. Do our op
ponents wish to cut down the money for tins
service? They can do it only by destroying
the usefulness of the service Itself.
The public _ work of ' the United Slates has
never been conducted with a higher degree of
honesty and efficiency than at the present
time; and a special meed of praise, belongs,
to those official* responsible for the Philip
pines and Porto % Rico, where the administra
tions have been' models of their kind.. - .Of
course wrong has occasionally occurred, bat it
has been relentlessly stamped out. We hava
known no party in dealing with offenders and
have hunted down without mercy every wrong
doer in the service of the nation. whom It was .
possible by the utmost.-.vigllance to detect; for
the public servant whp betrays his trust and
the private. Individual who debauches him
stand as the worst of ' criminals.' because their
crimes are- crimes against the entire com*
muntty - and not only against this . generation,
but against the 'generations that are yet to be.
Our opponents promise ' Independence to th«
Philippine 'Island*. "Her* again ¦ we are con
fronted by the fact -that their Irreeoncllabl*
differences of opinion among themselves, their
proved inability to create a constructive pol
icy when In power, and their' readiness, for
the sake of momentary -political expediency,
to abandon the principles upon which .thej
have Insisted as essential, conspire to puzzle
us as to whether they, do or do not * Intend
tn good faith to carry out this promise. !£ they
are given control of the Government. . In their
platform they declare for Independence, ap
parently — for their Unguags Is a little ob- .
scure — without qualification as to time: and
indeed a qualification ae to time* Is an ab- j
surdlty, for we hava neither right nor. power
to bind our successors when It la imposslbto
to foretell the conditions which may confront
them; while If there Is any principle. Involved
In the matter. It - Is Just as wrong to den y
independence for a few years as to deny It
for an indefinite period. But la later and !
equally official utterances by our opponents
the term self-government was substituted for
Independence; the words used being so- choaea
that in their natural construction they de
scribed precisely the policy now being carried
on. The language of the platform Indicated »
radical change ot policy; the later utterance!
Indicated a continuance of the present policy.
But this caused trouble, tn their own ranks;
and In & still later, although less formal.' ut
terance, the self-government promise, was* r»- *
canted, and independence at some future- tlma
was promised in Its place. . They have occu
pied three entirely different positions wlthla
fifty days. Which la the promise they really .
intend to ke«p? They do not know their own
minds; and no one can tell how Ion* they
would keep ot the same mind* should they by
any chance come to a working agreement "
among themselves. If such ambiguity - af- >
fected only the American people It would -not
«o greatly matter, for the American people
can take care of themselyest' But the Filipinos
are in no such condition.' Confidence is wltl»
them a plant of slow growth. They have beea
taught to trust the .word of, this Government
because this Government has promised nothing
which it did not perform. It promised Inde
pendence they .will expect Independence: - not
in the remote future, for their- descendants. •'
but lmmdlately. for themselves. If the prom
ise thus made I* not immediately fulfilled they
will regard If as broken, and will not agam
trust to American faith.; and It would be In
deed a wicked thing to deceive them la aucfc
fashion. Moreover, even- If the promise wer»/"
made to take' effect only In the distant future,
the Filipinos would be thrown Into confusion'
thereby. Instead . of .. continuing to endeavor
to fit themselves for moral and material ad- '
vancement In the present, they would ¦ abandon *
all effort at' progress and begin factional in
trigues for toture .power. ¦ -.. . • — »
To promise to give them Independence when
It. Is ¦ "prudent" to do so. or when they arV
"fit" for It. of course Implies that they ar»
not fit for It now. and that It would be im
prudent to itlve it to thfm now. But -as w»
must ourwlves be th* Judaea as to when they
become "fit." and when it would be "pru
dent" to keep such * promise If it were
maie. it necessarily follow* that to makf such
a promise' nowi would amount to a deception
upon the Filipino*; {BHBiByj
IRRIGATION PLANS
ARE FRAUGHT WITH
FAR^EACHING GOOD
In addition to those acts at the administra
tion which they venture to assail only after
misrepresenting them, there are others which
they dare not overtly or officially attack and
yet which they covertly bring forward as rea
sons for the* overthrow of the party. In cer
tain great centers and with certain great In
terests our* opponents ' make every effort to
show that the settlement of the anthracite
ocal strike by the individual act of the Presi
dent and the successful suit against the North
ern Securities Company — the merger suit — un
dertaken by the Department of Justice, were
sets because of which the present administra
tion should be thrown from power. Yet they
dare net openly condemn either act. They
dare not in. any authoritative or formal man
ner say that In either case wrong was done
or error committed in the method of action
or In the choice of instruments for putting
that action Into effect. But what they dare
not manfully assert In open day they seek to
use furtively and through special agents. It
is perhaps natural that an attack so conducted
thould be made sometimes on the ground
that too much, sometimes on the ground that
too little, has been done. Soms of our op
ponents complain because under the anti-trust
ar.d interstate commerce laws suits were un
dertaken which have been successful; ethers,
because suits were not undertaken which
would have been unsuccessful. The Demo
cratic State Convention in New York dealt
with the anthracite coal strike by demanding
In deliberate and formal fashion that the Xa
tiocal Government should take possession of
the coal fields; yet champions of that con
vention's cause now condemn the fact that
there was any action by the President at all —
though they must know that it was only this
action by the President which prevented the
movement for national ownership of the coal
fields from gaining what might well have
been an Irresistible Impetus. Such mutually
destructive criticisms furnish an adequate
measure of the chance . for coherent . action
or constructive legislation If our opponents
should be given Dower.
So much for what our opponents openly . or
covertly advance in the way ot an' attack on
the acts of the administration. When we
come to consider the Dolicles- for- which they
profess to stand we are met with the difficulty
always arising when statements of policy are
«••> made that they can be interpreted in dif
ferent ways. On some of the vital questions
that have confronted the American 'people in
the last deqade our opponents take the posi
tion that silence Is the best possible way to
convey their views. They contend that ¦ their
lukewarm attitude of partial acquiescence in
what others have . accomplished entitles them
to be made the custodians of the financial
henor and commercial interests . which v they
have but recently sought to . ruin. I Being un
able to agree among themselves as to whether
the gold standard is a curse or a blessing, and
as to whether we ought or ought: not to have
fre« and unlimited coinage of silver, they have
apparently thought it expedient to avoid any
committal on these subjects and individually
each to follow his particular bent. Their
nearest approach to a majority Judgment
Keems to be that It is ¦ now Inexpedient to
assert i their ¦ convictions one way or the I other
and that the establishment of the gold stand
ard by. the Republican ¦ party should not be
disturbed unless. there is an alteration in the
relative quantity of production of silver and
gold. . • -' .
This order was made In the performance
of a duty Imposed upon the President by an
act of Congress, which requlresvthe executive
to make regulations to govern the subordinates
of the Pension Office in. determining who. are
entitled to pensions. President Cleveland, had
already exercised this power by a regulation
which declared that "seventy-five should be
set as the age at which total disability should
be conclusively presumed. Similarly President
McKInley established sixty-five as the age at
which half disability should be conclusively
presumed. The regulation now In question, in
the exercise of the same power, supplemented
theEe regulations made under Presidents Cleve
land and McKInley.
The men who fought for union and tor
liberty in the years from 1881 to 1S65 not only
saved this nation from ruin, r but rendered an
inestimable service to all mankind. We of the
United States owe the fact that ; to-day -we
have a country to what they did; and the na
tion has decreed by law that no one of them.'
If disabled from earning his own living, •shall
lack the pension' to which he' Is entitled, • not
«nnly as a matter of gratitude, but as a matter
of Justice. It Is the. policy of the .Republican'
party, steadily continued through many ! years,
to treat the veterans of the Civil War .In a
spirit of broad liberality. - The order in ques
tion carried out this policy . and is justified
not merely ! on legal grounds,- but also- on
grounds of public morality. • It is & matter of
common knowledge that when the- average
man who depends for his wages : upon bodily
labor has reached the age . of sixty- two his
earning ability Is in all probability less by
half than It was when he was In his prime;
and that by the time he has reached the age
of (seventy he has probably lost all earning
ability. If there Is doubt upon this point let
the doubter examine the employes doing man
ual labor In any great manufactory or on any
great railroad and find out how large Is the
proportion of men between the ages of sixty
two and seventy and whether these men are
still employed at the highly "paid tasks which
tbey did in their prime. As a matter of fact.
many railroads pension their employes when
they have reached these ages, and In nations
where old age pensions prevail they always
tx-cln somewhere between the two limits thus
set. It is easy to test our opponents' sincerity
in this matter. -The order in question is re
vocable at the pleasure of the executive. If
our opponents come into power they can re
voke this order and announce that they will
tieat the veterans of sixty-two to seventy as
presumably in full bodily vigor and not en
titled to pensions. Will they now authorita
tively state that they intend to do this? If
so, we accept the issue. If not, then we have
the right to ask why they raise an issue
which, when raised, they do not venture to
meet. ' ¦ - •
BROAD LIBERALITY
FOR THE MEN WHO
FOUGHT FOR UNION
t Our opponents have now declared themselves
In favor of the civil service law, the repeal of
which they demanded In 1900 and In 1806. If
consistent, ! they should have gone one step
further and' congratulated the country .upon
the way in which . the civil service law is
now administered and the way In which, the
classified service has been extended. The ex
ceptions from examinations are fewer by far
than ever before and are confined to Individual
cases, where the application of the rnles would
be impracticable, unwise, unjust or unneces
sary.
Under such circumstances, .the ..demand of
our opponents., that negotiations be begun to
secure equal 'treatment- of all -Americans -trom
those governments which- do not ' now 1 -' accord
It shows either Ignorance of - the ( facts or in
sincerity. .No change iof policy^ in- the. method
or- manner of negotiation -would add. effective-",
ness to what- the Sttte Department has done
and is doing. The .'steady Pressure which the
depaxtment has; been .keepmg up in the past,
will be continued Jn the future. This admin
istration has on all- proper occasions given
crear expression to the -belief of.' the Ameri
can people-' that discrimination and oppression
because of religion, wherever, practtced, are.
acts of Injustice before God and man: and In
making evident ;to^ the: world the depth'. -or,
¦American convictions tn this regard we have
gone to the very limit of diplomatic usage. I
It la a striking evidence of our opponents'
Insincerity in this matter that with their de
mand for radical action by the State Depart
ment they couple a demand for a reduction In
our small military establishment. Yet they
must know that the heed paid to our protests
against Ill-treatment of- our citizens will be.
exactly proportionate to the belief In our abil-_
ity to make; these protests effective should the
need arise. ¦ • . • " ' . '-
This" Government Is based upon' the funda
mental idea that I each man, no matter what
his occupation, his race," or his religious belief,
is entitled to be treated on his worth as a man,
and .'neither favored nor discriminated, against
because of any accident'in his position, p Even
hero at home there' Is painful difficulty In the
effort to ' realize thla ideal; and the" attempt
to secure ¦ from .other- nations acknowledgment
of it sometimes . encounters obstacles that are
.well-nigh. insuperable; for there' are many na
tions'which in the slow proces9lo§'o< the ages
have '.not yet 'reached that point where the
principles .which . Americans regard as axiom
atic obtain 'any. recognition whatever.' Ope of
the ' chief . difficulties arises In connection with
pertain American citizens of • foreign birth, or
of particular" .creed, who -desire to ' travel
abroad. .Russia, for Instance, refuses to ad
mit and protect Jews. Turkey refuses to ad
mit and protect certain sects of Christians.
This government has consistently demanded
equal protection • abroad for 'all 'American citi
zens, whether '„ native ¦ or naturalized. ' On
March 2T, 1899, Secretary Hey sent a letter
of instructions to all- the diplomatic and con
sular officers of .the .United States, ' in which
he said:- "This department does not discrimi
nate between native-born and naturalised citi
zens ¦ In 1 according' them ¦ protection while I they
are abroad, equality of treatment being re
quired by the laws of the. United States."
These orders ; to our agents abroad have been
repeated again and again,' and are treated as
the fundamental rule of ¦ conduct laid down
for them,' proceeding upon the theory "that
all naturalized citizens of the United States
while In foreign countries are entitled to and
shall .'receive from thlB government the same,
protection: of v persons and property : which '< is
accorded to native-born citizens."- In Issuing,
passports the State . Department never . dis
criminates, or. alludes to any man's religion;
and in granting to every American citizen, na
tive or. naturalized, Christian or Jew, the same
passport, so far. as.lt has -power It insists that
all foreign governments shall accept the pass
port "as. prima' facie proof that the person
therein . described Is a citizen of ¦ the United
States and entiUed to protection as such. It
is a standing order to- every. American, diplo
matic and .consular- officer to protect every
American . citizen," of whatever faith; 'from"un
just molestation; and : our officers abroad have
been stringently -required" to comply with ' this
order. •:¦-. ;^;' . ¦•" ;.•¦:¦ ¦¦¦.'•• ¦• • •
this extravagance of ¦ promise by absolute ani
lity in performance. .•¦.-. ¦ ¦• •
There Is little for me to add to this. It I*
but ten years' since the last attempt wa«
made, by means of lowering the tariff, to pre
vent . some people from prospering too much.
The attempt was entirely successful.' The
tariff law -of that -year was among the causes
which -in* that year and for' some time after
ward effectually prevented anybody from pros
pering too much, and labor from prospering at
all. Undoubtedly It would be possible at the
present time to prevent any of the trusts from
remaining prosperous ¦ by the simple expedient
of making such a sweeping change in the
tariff as to paralyze the industries of the
country. S The ¦ trusts - would cease to prosper,
but their 'smaller competitors would be ruined,
and the wage-workers would starve, while It
would not. pay ; the farmer to haul his produce
to market. The evils connected with the trusts
can be reached 'only by rational effort, step by
step. - along the lines taken by Congress and
the Executive during the past three years If
a tariff law is passed under which; the country
prospers, as the country has ' prospered under
the present tariff' law. then all classes will
share ¦ In . the prosperity. If a.'tarlff law Is
passed .aimed at preventing the prosperity of
some of our people, it Is as certain as any
thing can be 'that this aim will be achieved
only by cutting down the prosperity of all of
our people. < .' •-. .
solution of the trust problem such a chaa««
would therefore merely mean that the trust
was" relieved of the competition of Its weaker
American competitors, and thrown only Into
competition with foreign competitors, and that
the first ' effort ' to meet - this new competition
would-' be made by cutting down wages,
and would therefore be primarily at the cost
of labor. In the case, of some of our greatest
trusts euch a change might confer upon them
a positive benefit. 'Speaking broadly it Is
evident - that the changes in the- tariff will
affect the trusts for weal .or for woe. simply
as they affect the. whole country. ' The tariff
affects trusts only as- It- affects- all other in
terests. It makes all these interests, large or
small. ¦ profitable, and Its benefla can be 'taken
from the large only under penalty of taking
them, from the small also."
Undoubtedly, the multiplication of trusts
and ' their increase in power has been largely
due to the "failure of officials charged with
the duty of enforcing the law to -take the
necessary procedure." • Such stricture . upon
the . failure of the officials of the National
Government to • do their duty In this matter
is certainly not wholly undeserved as far as
the administration preceding President Mc-
Kinlcy's Is concerned; but It has no.applica
tion at . all to Republican administration. It
Is also ' undoubtedly true that what . Is most
needed Is "officials having both the disposi
tion and the courage to enforce existing law."
This ' is precisely the need that has ' been met
by the consistent and steadily continued action
of the Department of Justice under the pres
ent administration.
• We, on the contrary, believe In the . gold
standard as ftxed by the usage and verdict
of the business' world, and in a sound 'mone
tary system as matters of principle; as mat
ters not of monetary, political expediency, but
of permanent organic policy. In'lS96 and again
In 1900 far-fiighted • men, without regard to
their party fealty In the past. Joined to work
against what they regarded as a debased mon
etary system. The policies which they .cham
pioned have been steadfastly adhered to by
the administration; and by the act of March
14. 1900, Congress established ; the single gold
standard as the . measure ' of our monetary
value. This act received the support of every
Republican In the House, and. of .every Repub
lican except one in the Senate. Of our oppo
nents, eleven supported it In the House and
two In ' the Senate; and one hundred and
fifty opposed it in the House and twenty-eight
in the Senate. ! The record of i the last seven
years proves 'that the party/ now in power
can be trusted to take the additional action
necessary to improve and strengthen'our'mon
etary system, and that -our opponents cannot
be so trusted. The fundamental ' fact is that
In a popular government such as ours no
policy is irrevocably settled by . law unless
the people" keep in control of the Government
men Who believe In that policy as a matter of
deep-rooted conviction.' Laws can always, be
revoked; it is the spirit and the purpose of.
those responsible for their enactment and ad
ministration which must be .fixed and un
changeable! It is idle to say that the mone
tary standard of the nation is Irrevocably fixed
so long as the party which at the last elec
tion cast approximately forty-six per cent of
the total vote, refuses to put- In its platform
any statement that the question is settled, A
determination to remain silent cannot be ac
cepted as equivalent to. a recantation. Until
our opponents as a party explicitly adopts tthe
views which we -hold- and upon: which' we
have acted and are acting,, in the. matter of a
sound currency,, the only real. way-. to keep
the question from becoming : unsettled la. ~ to
keep the' Republican" party In power.
As for what our . opponents say In refer
ence to -capital and- labor, individual or cor
porate, here again all we, need by way of
answer .Is to point to what we have- actually
done • and to say that • If 1 continued In power
w e shall continue to carry out the policy w«
' have been pursuing, and to execute the . laws
as resolutely and -fearlessly In the future as
we have executed them in the past. In my
speech of acceptance 'I said: •''.' ''-.:. • . . :-•'•- •
•- "We 'recognize the organisation i of- capital
and- the organization of labor as natural vut
comes> of our. Industrial system. Kach.klnd
-of organisation. Is.- ttf'.be' favored: so. long as
.it acts in a spirit of Justice and of regard
for the rights of others. Each la to be granted
the. full protection- of the law," and ; each • in
turn is to be held to a strict obedience to the
law; ' for' no , man I> above - It and no man
below it: The humblest Individual Is. to have
his rights safeguarded aa scrupulously as
those of the strongest organization, . for ! each
is to receive Justice, no more and no less. ,Th«t
problems with which we have to deal in our
modern industrial ¦ and social life are mani
fold; but the spirit in which it is necessary
to approach their solution is simply the spirit
of 'honesty, of courage and of common-sense."
The action of the Attorney General in .en
forcing the. anti-trust and Interstate commerce
laws, and -the action of the. last Congress in
enlarging the scope of the Interstate -. com
merce law,- and In creating the Department of.
Commerce and -Labor, with a Bureau of Cor
porations, have for the first time opened a
"chance for the National Government to deal
Intelligently and .adequately with the ques
tions affecting society, whether for gool
or for evil, because of . the accumulation' of
capital in great corporations, and because of
the new relations caused thereby. These laws
are now being . administered with entire effi
ciency; and as, in their working, need Is
shown for amendment or addition to them —
whether better to secure the proper publicity,
or better to guarantee the rights of shippers,
or in any other direction — this need will be
met. It Js now asserted "that the commqn
law, as developed, affords a complete legal
remedy against monopolies." But there is no
common law . of the United States. Its
rules 'can be enforced only by the State courts
and officers. No Federal court or officer could
take any action whatever under them. It
was this - fact, -coupled with the Inability of
the States to control trusts and monopolies,
which led to the passage of the Federal stat
utes known as the Sherman anti-trust act and
the interstate commerce act; and It Is only
through the exercise of the powers conferred
by these acts, and by the statutes of the last
Congress supplementing them, that the Na
tional Government acquires any Jurisdiction
over the subject. ,To say that action against
trusts, and monopolies should ' be limited to
the application ot. the common. law is equiva
lent to saying that the National Government
should take no action whatever -. to regulate
them. . . - • ' • / .
But it is difficult to respect an attitude ' of
mind such as has been fairly described above,
and where there is. no respect there can be no
trust. A policy with so , slender a basis of
principle -would not stand- the strain of a
single ' year of business adversity.
Opposition's Lack of ¦'{ Policy on the Question of National
Finance Is Held Up to Ridiculed
Beyond question this prosperity could not
have convj if the .American people had not
pocsessed thej necessary thrift, energy and
business intelligence to turn their vast material
resources to account. ' But It is no less true
that it is our economic policy as regards the
tariff and finance which has enabled us' as a
nation to make such good use of the Individ
ual capacities of our citizens, and the natural
resources of our country. Every class of our
people Is benefited by the protective tariff.
During the last few years the merchant has
seen the export trade of this country grow
faster than ever in our previous history. The
manufacturer * could not keep his factory run
ning |f : tt were not for the protective tariff.
The wage worker would . do well to . remember
that if protection Is "robbery," and - is to be
punisrfed accordingly, he will be the first to
pay the penalty: for either he will be turned
.adrift entirely, or his wages will be cut down
to the starvailon point. As Conclusively shown
by the bulletins of the Bureau of Labor, the
purchasing power of the average, wage re
ceived by the wageworker has grown faster
than the cost of living, and this tn spite of
the continual shortening of working hours.
The accumulated savings of tha workingmen
of the country, as shown by the deposits in
the savings banks,' have increased by leaps
and' bounds. At no time In the history of this
or any other country has there been an era.
ao productive of material benefit alike to
worklngman and . employer aa ' during the
seven years that have just passed. ".:.-¦
The farmer has benefited quite as much as
the manufacturer, the merchant and. the wage
worker. The most welcome and Impressive
fact established by the last . census Is the
wide and even distribution of wealth among
all classes of our countrymen. The • chief
agencies . In producing - this distribution . are
rtiown ' by the censua to be the development
of manufactures and the application - of new
Inventions to universal use. The result has
been an .- increasing Interdependence - of agri
culture and manufactures. Agriculture is now,
as it always has been, the basis of civiliza
tion. The G.000,000 farms of the United States,
operated by men who, as a clasa, are steadfast,
single - minded, . and industrious, . form the
basis of all the other achievements of the
American people and are more fruitful than
all their other resources. The men on those
8,000,000 farms ' receive from the protective
tariff what they most - need, and that is the
best of all possible markets. All other classes
depend" uoon the farmer, but the farmer in
turn depends upon the market they furnish
him for his produce. The annual output of our
agricultural products is nearly four billions of
dollars. Their Increase In value ' has been
prodigious, although agriculture , has lan
guished In moat other countries; and the main
factor in' this Increase is the corresponding
Increase- of our manufacturing Industries.
American farmers have prospered, because the
growth of their market has kept pace with
the growth of the farms. The additional mar
ket continually furnished for agricultural
products by domestic manufacturers has been
far in excess of the' outlet to other lands. -An
export trade in farm products -is necessary, to
dispose of our surplus; and the export trade
of our farmers, both In animal products and
In plant products, has very largely Increased.
"Without the enlarged home market to keep
this surplus down, we should have to. reduce
production** or else feed the world at less
than tiie cost of production.' In the forty years
ending in 1900 the total value of farm prop
erty increased twelve and a half . billions of,
dollars; the farmer gaining even more during
this - period than the manufacturer.' Lorn; ago
overproduction (would have checked the mar
velous development of oar national agriculture
but for (be steadily Increasing * demand of
American manufacturers for- farm' products re
quired as. raw' materials for steadily expand
ing Industries. The farmer has become depend
ent upon the manufacturer ' to "* utilize that
portion of his .produce -which does not go di
rectly to food supply. - In- 1900 62 per cent,- or
a little over half, of the total valne of the
farm ! products of I they nation - was consumed
in manufacturing industries as the raw ma
terials of the factories. Evidently . the . manu
facturer la the farmer's best and most direct
customer. ' Moreover, the American manufac
turer purchases his farm supplies - almost ex
clusively In his own country. Nine-tenths of
all the raw materials of every kind and de
scription consumed ¦ In 9 American manufac
tories are of American production. .The manu
facturing establishments tend steadily to mi
grate into the heart of the great agricultural
districts. The center of the manufacturing in
dustry In 1900 was : near the middle of Ohio,
and It- Is moving westward at the rate of
about thirty miles- in . every decade; and this
movement is Invariably accompanied by a
marked increase In the value of the farm
lands. Local causes, .; notably the competition
between new farm lands and old farm lands,
tend here and there to obscure what Is hap
pening; but It is ¦ as certain as the operation
of any economic law that In the country as
a whale, farm values will continue to Increase
an the partnership between manufacturer and
farmer grows more intimate through further
advance of industrial science. The' American
manufacturer never could have placed this
nation I at the head of the manufacturing na
tions of the world if he had not had behind
him, . securing htm every variety of raw ma
terial, the exhaustless resources of the Ameri
can tarm. developed by the akin and the en
terprise of intelligent and educated American
farmers. On the other hand, the debt of the
fanners to the manufacturers Is equally heavy,
and the ' future of American - agriculture Is
bound up In the future of -American manu- !
factures. The two Industries have become,
under the economic policy of our Government,
so closely Interwoven, so mutually Interde
pendent, that neither can hope to maintain
Itielt -.t the high-water mark of progress with
out the ether. Whatever makes to the ad
vantage of one I» equally to the advantage of
the other.
EVERY CITIZEN IS
BENEFITED BY THE
PROTECTIVE TAEIFF
OYSTER EAY. Sept 11.— President
House veil's letter of acceptance ot the
Republican nomination to succeed him
self as chief executive of the United
Blfttcs nas made public to-day. Its full
USX iulloira:
iiun. J. U. Cannon. Chairman of the Ko-
UBCBXtOB i >........: i. i . Sly" . ¦ ii Stf — 1 accept
tiie :....:. a; .... I or the I'lesjdeucy tenuerea
turn i.- tae iurputuican "tk.uoa»J Uonveutiun.
«. v. i v.--. ....... ..jiuit of the platform aJupletf
L>- 1L la v»2iting this letter mere <t«e certain
»" J .I.U L^&n v. ....;. 1 Utrt!t« lu U) «-s^v;-.-l*l
tlltii. . ¦ .
Xt Ik diXScult U. find out trom the utter
kr.iu ot our c;p>nent* what are the re*!
ISSOMa -.•-.. >:...:. UK> J n , c»c lu M«fcc UllM
<*:..,..-... It in KM urAiUT tu buy UAtt h*>
lUfi tLa.-idoiw-d Bioiit ot tiie nUJtii)ie» ujxjn
vUdi Uivy |wva .:.;im.u aumi* lae .^*t eight
i - c_t:«, they iisw tain at u. lusk, both a* to
v ;..- u i» tiiat i .» > !'tii/ believe and ** tu how
:.::...- tbt> *..^.i a^eri i :i> .r twilel tn anyihiiiK.
la lact. u is ucjjuul i: ihcy \cuture rtuoiuie-
Zi - to ,;¦--- u «i:ifc-ie iirbc, fc.t> fctK;u as they rta»e
«u* ti*ry *r.riak Hun ll u-ivi *c«k tu explain
U (»«)'. tach k.-j altitude U the probably
:•.«¦». i..:. ( i. _.t ot the t.-.i..rt to ioipruvU«
couvicUjt.*; lur wbeu thus improvlsea. It is
tuuutal U-t i:.t> Ehc>uld be t;-..J in ,• Uota
tivc tnacner.
Tbe i-.r:, oow In control of the Government
U troubled by :.-> i>ucn ci:r.cu:tit-«. W« do
not have to cueaa «i our c*n convictloo and
then correct the guc«s if it teems unpopular.
1 tit unncJjjies » hlch *e proreer are those In
vL..i. v-e l- .:•.-. «r with hr.r; «ni iiuul and
»trea«th. Wen may Aitlrr from us; but they
<«.:.:.,: accuse us of t!.i:;:mt» or Insincerity.
',!,( i-..;_:r» we have purvued are those which
we eKj-uestly hold as essential to Lbe national
v< .:*•* and iei>ute. cur actions spea.n KM
louder than our words for the faith that is
in us. We base our appeal upon what we
bava done ar.d are doing, upon our record of
a£nU&!stra.tlca and legislation during the last
nit:, years, in whcih we have had complete
cosirol of the Government- We Intend in the
luture to carry uii the liovernment in the
t>ame way that we have carried It on in the
put.
A party whose members are radically at
\arianre en meet vital issues, and if united
at all are ocry united on issues where their
attitude threatens widespread disaster to the
vhole country, cannot be trueted to govern In
acy matter. A party which, with facile ease,
changes til its convictions before election can
not be trusted to adhere with tenacity to any
principle trier election. A party fit to gov
ern tnuKt have convictions. In 1SSW the B*
imbllc&n r-arty cunc into power, and In 1900
It rrtain*-d power on certain definite pledge*,
each of which was scrupulously fulfilled. JJUt
la addition to «rit-» ting and solving the prob- !
lems which were issues In these campaigns It '
alto :•...-.. necessary to meet other problems
which . . : -•- after election; and it is no email
nart of our claim to public confidence that
•:.-«- were solved with the ss^ne success that
had aHt-nded the solution of those concerning
which the hattlrs at the poll* were fought. In
othtr words, our ' governmental efficiency
;:¦¦¦•¦! equal not >>r.!'y to the tasks that were
anticipated, but to doing each unanticipated
U>sk a* it aruae.
Wh'n the contert of 1836 was decided the
•iuwtion ¦*¦ f the war «ith Spain was not an
Issue. When the contest of ltfOO was decided
the shape which .the Isthmian canal question
ultimately took cculd not have been foreseen.
Ilut the same qualities which enabled those
rr-rpcnsible tor making and administering the
laws at Washington to deal successfully with
tj»e taria and the currency enabled them also
tn ¦:• ¦: with the Spanish war; and the name !
qualities which enabled them to act wisely
in the Philippines and in Cuba also enabled
tbcm to do their duty as regards the prob- :
l<-ms ' connected with the trusts and to secure
the bulldtne of the Isthmian canal. . We are 1
cement to rrct our case before the American
;•;:-. on the fact that to adherence to a
lofty id*al we h&v* added proved govern
mental efficiency. Therefore our promises may
surely be trusted as regards any Issue, that is
now before the people: and we may equally
be trusted to deal with any problem which
tr.ay hereafter arise.
Po wtll has the work been done i that our
exponents do not venture to recite the facts
aixwt our policies or acts and then oppose
them. They attack them only when they
have first misrepresented them; for 'a truth
ful recital .would leave no room for adverse
comment. .
I'anama offers an Instance In point. Our
opponents can criticize what we did in Panama
only on condition of misstating what was
dene. The administration behaved throughout
not only with good faith, but with extraordi
nary patience and large generosity toward
those with whom it deaJt. It was also mind
ful of American Interests. It acted in r.triet
«*emp!lance with the law passed by Congress.
I!.-'i not Panama been promptly recognized
and the transit across the Isthmus kept open.
In accordance with our treaty rights and ob
ligation*, there would have ensued endless guer
rilla warfare and possibly foreign complica
tions; while all chance of building the canal
vrould have been deferred, certainly for years,
perhaps for a generation or more. Criticism
of the action In this matter is simply criti
cism of the only possible action which could
have secured the building of the canal; as
well as the peace and quiet which we were,
by treaty, bound to preserve along the line
of transit across the isthmus. The service ren
dered this country In securing the perpetual
rirht to construct, maintain, operate and de
fend Che' canal was so great that our oppo
nents do not venture to raise the Issue In
straightforward fashion: for If so raised there
•would be no Issue. The decisive action which
brought about this beneficent result was the
«xerdsa by the -President of the powers vested
tn Mm, and In him alone, by the constitution;
the power to recognize foreign Governments by
enterlnr Into diplomatic relations with them
anfl -the rower to make treaties which, when
ratlSed toy the Senate, become under the con
stitution part ef the supreme law of the land.
Neither In tbla nor In any other matter has
ther* been the slightest failure to live, up to
the conrtltatlcn In letter and In spirit.
prosperous yean than any other nation has
ever seen. ¦ ' "
haul it down? Do they object to the part we
played in China? lx> they not know, that the
icice of the United States would now count
for nothing in the Kar Kast if we had aban
doned the i'hllii.pinea and rerused to do what
tva« done in China? Do they object to the fact
that this Government secured a. peaceful set
tHmcni of the troubles in Venezuela two years
ago? Uo they object to The presence of the
tiiip of war off Colon when the revolution
Lroke out in Fanama, and when only the
presenc* of this ship saved the lives of Ameri
can citizens, and prevented Insult to the flag?
J>o they object to the fact that American
war »hips appeared' jiromptly at the port of
Helrut xih»n an effort had be«n made to as-
Hirftnntt an American . official, and in the
port of Tangier when an American cltUen
had been abducted? and that In each c;tso
the wrong complained of was righted and ex
pifttetf! and that within the last few days
the visit of an American squadron to Smyrna
wti followed by O»e long-delayed concession
cf their Just rights to these Americans con
cerned In educattcnal work In Turkey? Do
they object to the trade treaty with China,
•o full of advantage for the American people
in ti.« future? Do they object to the fact that
the rhlps carrying the national flag now have
a higher gtancard than ever before in marks
manship and in seamanship, as Individual
units and as component part* of squadrons
and fleet* ? If they object to any or all of
there things, ive join issue with .them.. Our
foreign policy has been not only 'highly ad
vantageous to the United states, but hardly
less advantageous to the world as a - whole.
Peace and good will Jiave followed In its
footcteps." The Government has shown its-lf
no less anxiciis to respect the rights of others
than lnslrtent that the rights of Americans
be respected In return. As for the navy, it
has been and Is now the most potent guar
antee of peace; and it is such chiefly because
tt is formidable, and ready for use.
When our opponents epeak of "encroach
ments" by the executive upon the" authority
of Congress or the Judiciary, apparently the
act they ordinarily have In view la Pension'
Order No. 7S. Issued under the authority of
existing law. This order directed that here
after any veteran of the Civil War. who Mkd
reached the age of €2 should be presumptively
entitled' to the pension of $6 a month, given
under the dependent pension law to those whose
capacity to earn their livelihood by manual
labor had been decreased 50 per cent, and that
by the time the age of 70 was reached the
presumption should be that the physical dis
ability war complete, the age being treated,
as an evidential fact In each case.
Our opponents contend that the government
is now administered ' extravagantly, and •"?»*¦
whereas there was "a surplus of $S0,0C0.90O
in 1900"' there is '-a deficit of more than
VIO.OOO.OCO". In the year that has Just closed.
Thi* deficit is imaginary, and is' obtained by
including in the Ordinary current expenses. th«
sum of 55O.00O.0CO; which ras paid for the
right-of-way, of the Panama Cana* out of the
accumulate. Surplus Jn the treasury. Compar
ing the current or ordinary expenditures for
the two years, there was a surplus of nearly
$SO.0C0.0OO" for the year 1900, and of only a
little more than *s. 000,000 for the year that
has Just closed. But .this diminution of tne
annual surplus was brought about deslgnediy
by the abolition of the war taxes in the la
terval- between the two dates. The acts ,, of
March 2» 1901, and April 12. 1303, cut down
the Internal revenue taxes to an amount es
timated at $105,CCO,000 a year. In other
words, the reduction of taxation, has been con*
siderably' greater -than the reduction- la tne
annual surplus. Since the close of the war
with Spain there has been ho .substantial
change in the rate of annual expenditures, as
compared with the fiscal year ending »n June.
1001. for example, the fiscal year that has. Just
closed showed a relatively small Increase in
expenditure (excluding the canal payment al
ready referred to), while the year previous
shewed a relatively small decrease. - •-•""*
The. expenditures of the nation have been
macazed In a spirit of economy as far re
moved from waste as from niggardliness; and
In the future every effort will be continued to
secure an economy, as • strict as -is consistent
with efficiency. Once more our opponents have
promised what they cannot or should not per
form. The prime reason -why the expenses
of the Government have increased of recent*
years Is to be found in the fact that the peo
ple, after mature thought, have deemea it
wise to have certain new forms of work Tor
the public undertaken by the public. This
.necessitates such expenditures, for instance, as
these for rural free delivery. «r for th« In
spection of meats uitdor-the Department ot
Agriculture, or for irrigation. But these new
expenditues are neces?ary: nn one wuni se
riously propose to abandon them; and yet it
Is idle to declaim against the increased ex
pense of the Government 'unless- it is intended
to cut down the very, expsndltures which. cause
the Increase. ." . ._ ...
It Is now used, as never before, for aiding; In
the upbuilding of* the organized militia of the
country The -War, Department la engaged in
a systematic effort to strengthen and develop
the National Gtiard in the several Spates: .as*
witness, among many ether instances,, tne
great field maneuvers at Manassas. which
have just closed. If. our opponents should
come Into ."'power they courd not reduce our
army below its -present size without greatly
impairing its efficiency 'and. abandoning part
of the national duty. In short, in this mat
ter, if our opponents should come into power
they "would either Dave to treat this particular
promise of -the year 1901 a» tkey now treat the
promises they, made in 1S06 and. 1900. that U.
as possessing • no binding force; or else they
would have to embark on a policy which wculd
be ludicrous at the moment, and fraught with
grave Janger.to the national . honor in tlye fu
ture. ... ' . . - .•.-¦*
Reviews Records of the Parties and
Asks the Nation to Choose
Between Them.
, between the party of action and the party of negation, the^party of honor and
the party of dishonor, the party of honesty and the party of insincerity, the party of proved ef
ficiency and tjft'e party of inefficiency." . .
Such is the message to the American voter sent broadcast throughout the land by Presi
dent-Roosevelt in his letter accepting the unanimous' nomination to succeed himself, accorded
to him by the Republican National Convention in Chicago last June. ¦':.
., .., In his letter President Roosevelt arraigns the Democratic party as a house divided against
itself; as- an organization without fixed' policies on any of the great issues to be settled at the
foils- next- November; ¦¦ as d-political Artful Dodger, zvhose more than dubious past augurs ill
for the future, in the event of its victory tivo months hence. .
Especial stress is laid by the President on the subjects of the Philippines, the tariff and
fjnattce. He arraigns the Democrats for having shifted J three times in their attitude on the
Philippines, and declares that their policy of independence for the natives, if carried out, would
be an international crime. In like manner he asserts that an' abandonment of the protective tariff
system would bring national misery. Regarding finance, he holds up to ridicule the policy — "
Theodore Roosevelt's Acceptance of the
Chicago Nomination a Mas
terly Argument.
GIST OF ROOSEVELT'S LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE.
PRESIDENT SENDS FORTH STIRRING MESSAGE TO AMERICAN VOTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, r MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1904.
Chief Executive Says Abandonment
of Protection Would Bring
National Misery. "
Democracy Arraigned for Its Proved
Inefficiency and the Insincerity
of Its Leaders. '".
Continued ou l*a£c 3, Column tk "
POLICY WOULD NOT
STAND STRAIN OF
YEAEOtf ADVERSITY
Msn ' who hold sincere convictions > on _ vital
questions can respect equally sincere men with
whote views they radically differ: and men
may conf ebs a chance of faith . without com-
promising their honor cr their eelf-respect.'
2INQUIRIES FOR IIAVXER.
DIXON, Sept. 11.— It ladu* toth»
members of .the iFire Department that
the principal block In tha town was
not burned to the ground to-night. „ A
barn ' - situated back ' of Ferdinand
Graeber*s bakery on First street was
discovered to be oh lire. The members
of the Fire Department worked .heroic
ally, and kept the- flames confined t*
the one building. The fire is supposed
to be incendiary. - . . > - -
•Friday; night smoke was seen tissu
ing from the same building. The flr«
was put out by the firemen and a spe
cial watchman was put on guard, but
the firebug succeeded in doing his
work to-night. This is the second flr«
that has been started ' by incendiaries
during the past week.
Two Fires Started Within m Week
and Bis Block Has Xarrorr
Escape.
¦" Four yearsago,'.in.his-»peech of . acceptance,
President; McKinley .»aia :.:/•, •'•; ..;. '
; • * '-'We -' have', been'.' moving '-•\n- tin tried /paths,"
but'our; steps have -been .guided ; by; honor : and
duty." ' There "" will '. be '.; no -turning aside]-' no
1 Waverinir,-' no ':' retreat.':. 'No .blow* thas 'been
etrucjc except 1 ' for liberty,' and'humanity, 1 'and
none- will b«. -..W> .will -perform i without .fear
every *'• national and^ internationaVi obligation.
The , Republican I party/ waa j dedicated : to free
dom-, forty-four.' year* . ago.'j'.Jt*, has 'been; tha
party- of •Ube.rty.i.B.ndiernancrtpatlon.from.' that
hour,*: not» of'-profosslon.-ibut'-of -performance.
It • broke the " shackles ; four mllHort ulaves,*
arid -.made i them 1 free, j and ;to, : th« x party^.of
UnvolnhagiCoiriejanother supreme opportunity^
which It has bravely ; met iln- the liberation. of
t^n^inilllohs' of * ; th«r human family rfroml the
yoke of I imperialism.* .tn '¦ its' .'solution- of: great
problems..': in> Its i-performance; of. high, duties,-'
if has had 'the . support . of , members, of. all • par
ties . in .' the ¦« past, i and ,- it ' confidently ;- invokes
their < co-operation -In? the: future." .',..•. '¦¦'¦'
: - "This. is i as ¦ true : now" as- tour years agoI-'U'e
did nott take; the 1^Philippines tat > will.', and we
cannot put. them 'aside > at -will. -Any, abandon • •
tnentv of t the; policy," which t we lhave 'sleadilyl
pursued '. in 1 the i islands ', would t be , fraught' with
dishonor ¦ disaster/- and 8 to < such - dishonor
and . disaster '¦¦ I » do , not i bellavo ; that ; the "Ameri- '>
can '.people: will* consent. s'> " .^ >- ;:
GOVEENMENTiTRUE ¦
TO THE SPIIIIT OP
THE "CONSTITUTION
INCENDIARY CAUSES • :
, ?;- ! ;> EXCITEMENT DC DHO!f
: PARIS, Sept. 11. — lime. Melba.the
distinguished singer, while drhingr in
an automobile this - evening, accom
paniedby her two cousins,, ran over a
man. about ,S4 Vyears old arid killed
him." The accident occurred on the
boulevard Peroire.
•The chauffeur, was not to blame, as
the old .'man got in the way of , the
automobile while endeavoring to es
cape being run- over by a cab. .
'; Mine. -Melba/ was greatly distressed
and- returned' to ,the hotel, : where she
is now-confined to her ! apartments. -
Martinelll is suffering from 'a fracr
tvtre of* tlie skull and ssveral deep
lacerations of the head and scalp. -.He
knows of- no reason why he should
have. be<-n attacked and avers ha has
no enfwicE. His sissailant is described
?s boins a rr.an of aix>u: five feet tight
in«h«= in h2i"bt. thick set and wearing
r d^.rk fuH of clothes and a derby hat.
Tbe !>o!i«X' arc- worklns on the case,
but hav* no clew la guide them.
MwtlnelH fell to the ground, stunned
by thr bio"', but he managed to bold
on to his child. In the meantime the
RKsallant boat a hasty retreat, closely
followed by Hynes. Ryan took charge
of th? child and, after taking him
home, accompanied ilartlneill to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
hfs wounds vere dressed by Dr. Bosko
v.itz. . - .- " "
Charles Martinelll. an employe of
th« Samuels lace house, residing: at
1207 Bush street, was the victim of a
cowardly assault opposite the Durline
baths last night. Martinelli was struck
on the h'-ad thrke vith a beer bottle
in the hands of a cowardly thus: and
fell to the ground, stunned, with his
two-year-old bov in his arms.
Th* assault canie so quickly • that
the iDjurcd man did not have a chance,
to realize what had happened. He
was on his v.'uy home in company
with Charles rfyan and J. Hynes and
was carrjins his child in his arms.
Suddenly, without warning or provo
cation, a man sprAng out of the dark
rnd with a vile oath struck Martinelli
three 'b'ovrs on the head with a beer
bottle.
MELBA'S AUTO
KILLS OLD MAN
THUG COMMITS
BOLD ASSAULT
f GOLDFIELD, Nev. Sept. 11 Jl'
committee of six. representing tha -lo
cal union of . tha Western Fedsritioa
of Miners, to-day rave E. B. Ak'er and
Lewis "W. Rope one hour in which to
leave camp. Aker and Rop* arrived
here Saturday morning from Crippla
Creek with a view to purchasing and
a developin? mining property.
It Is believed the real canaa of ths
deportation is the fact that Aker is «
relative of a member of -tho iOnm
Owners. Association of Cripple Creek.
There is a very strong undercurrent 11 of
feeling against the actions of the union
that may result in the formation of a
Citizen's. Alliance. to . prevent further
deportations or acts of -vlolenc* "by
union men.' .
Union Gives Recent Arrivals From
Cripple Creek One Honr to
Leave Goldfleld.
3HKERS ' ORDER TWO
MEN" OUT OF CAMP
real intention of putting their promise into
effect. If this Is the case, if, in other words,
they are Insincere in the promise they make,
it is . only necessary to say again that it Is
unwise to' trust' men -who are false In;. one
thing to deal with anything. The mere con
sciousness cf broken faith would hamper them
iu' continuing our policy In the Islands, and
only by continuing unchanged this policy can
the honor of the country be maintained, | or
the Interests of the islands subserved. I:, on
the other hand, our opponents came into power
and attempted to.carry out their promises to
tne tuipinoK by giving them Independence and
withdrawing American control from the Is
lands, the result would be a frightful calamity
to the Filipino* themselves and In Its larger
ai-itct would amount to an international crime.
Anarchy would follow, and the most violent
ai. archie forces would, be directed partly
against the civil . government,, partly against
all forms of ¦ religious and educational civiliz
ation. • Bloody conflicts would • Inevitably en
sue In the archipelago and just as Inevitably
the Islands ov.-uld become the prey of the first
pvwer which In- Its own .selfish .interest took
up the task we tuil cravenly abandoned. Of
course the practical difficulty in adopting any
such course of action — such a ' "policy ' of
scuttle," .as . President McKinley called It —
would, 'be . found, well nigh . insuperable.- -j If • It
is morally. Indefensible. to hold the archipelago
as a whole under our tutelage In- the Interests
of -its owu people, then it Is morally Indefen
sible .to * hold any Dart of-, it. ' ' In . such case
what right* have we to keep a coaling station?
Vv"Hc.t' right- to :kcep control over ths -Mora
I'trr.plfs? What right to protect- the. JgorTOtes
t'rom' their oppressors? • "What right to protect
the law-abiding friends of America tn the Is
lands from - treachery, robbery and: murder?
.Yet," to" abandon the Island** completely, " with
out ¦ -even - retaining a coaling station, .would"
mean to abandon- the ixn-iUon in the competi
tion ' for .the trade of the Orient which we
have acquired' during the last six years, and
what is far more Important, It would mean
irreparable damage to those who -have become
tho wards of the nation. - To abandon all con-,
troi • over, the* Moros would amount to- releasing
these Moros to prey upon the Christian Fili
pinos,. civilized or semi-civilized, ax well as
upon ; the -commerce ¦ of other .-peoples. .-The
Moros. are in large, part still- in the stage of
cultuie where the occupations of the bandit
and tho pirate are those most highly regarded,
and it has i not - been found practical to give
thc-m self -government In the sense _ that we
have, been giving It. to the Christian inhabi
tants.- To abandon the Moro ' country, 1 as-our
ojr-onents propose in their platform;-, would be
precisely as ; If • twenty- five , years 'ago . we - had
Withdrawn the army and the_clvll agents from
within end around the : Indian .reservations : In
the West, at a time when theSlous" and the
Apache'were still the .terror of •, our settlers.';: v<\
.- It would b«. a* criminal absurdity; -and;y«t
our bponents -.have: pledged/themselves . thereto.
If successful In the coming election they.. would
either '• have : to- break > faith or ; else ¦ to>do- an
act which""-would ' leave an • Indelible, stain' upon
our national : reputation ¦: far- courage , and j. for'
iood -sense. ,; During ; the ilast-- five • ycara . more
has b?en done for ths material and moral well
belri of. the Filipinos ; than t ver ibefore * sine*
the first^came within : the ken i of.clv-
Iliacd man.. -tWe(,have open»iJ: beforo, them a
vista of orderly development -In ; their 'own
Interest and not & policy of exploitation. Kvery
effort V is ¦ being -'made ¦ to '. fit"; the, islsnders ifor
eelf-— ovemme nt, •: and tlieyr. have:; already ia'
larie measure received- it. .while for -the: first
time in -their history, their personal '.rights and
civil liberties have j been -¦ guaranteed.?, They
aro;.-belns; educated; -:they. ; have been;"glyen
ec-hool? ; u they hav* ¦ been given • libraries; ..roads
are being built- fcr their.us?:;thetfbealth-. Is
bemi cared '• for; - they '• have * been given ¦ courts '
• So far front- having "capped the foundations"
of •¦ free • nopular - government at home by tha
course taken in the- Philippines, we have been
spreading its knowledge and teaching its prac
tice . among peoples . to * "whom , It had .never
been; more-. than » an empty. nam».-:' Our action
represented a- -great' stride ' forward ¦ In: spread-
Ing -ths principles -of orderly liberty-through
out, the world. v "Our .flae .has not lost -its
gift-' of benediction : in »ts world-wide' journey
to their, shores." ¦ "We have , treated Uie power
•we -have gained ¦> as- a- • solemn- obligation and
have : used - It .In '. the interest of • mankind : ,' and
thp peop!»s of- the 'world," and .especially th*s
¦weaker, peoples -of .tho 'world, -'are better'/ofT
because of the position' -we have, assumed.' -To
retrace our"s"tepBwould'be. : to -give. proof of ar>
infirm and unstable national purpose. .• : -
in which they receive justice as absolute a
it Is in our power to guarantee. Their indi
vidual rights to life," liberty and the pursuit
of happiness are • now by act of Congress jeal
ously safeguarded under the American flag;
and : If the protection of the flag were with
drawn '. their. -. rights would I be lost . and the
islands -.would :. be plunged back under some
form of vicious tyranny. We have given them
more self-government than they have 'ever
before' had; we are taking steps to Increabe
If-, still further ; by .providing them with an
elected legislative assembly: and surely we had
bitter , await the ¦ results of this experiment —
for it is a wholly new experiment In Asia —
before we mak« promises which as a nation we
might be forced to. break, .or. which they might
Interpret one way and we In another. It may
be asserted without . f tar of successful contra
diction that 'nowhere; else; In recent years has
there been as fine • an example of constructive
statesmanship arfd .wise;- and < upright .ad
ministration as' has,. been given- by .the
civil authorities, aided by • the army, . In the
Philippine Islands. We h'aveadmlnfstered them
In the interest", of their: own people; and the
Filipinos themselves - have profited - most : by
our * presence in 'the." islands; but they -have
also been of very great advantage to us as a
nation. ' . :":-,' ' r - ' " ¦ . ¦
Alarm has been professed lest -the Filipinos
should not. receive all the benefits guaranteed
to our people at' home by the fourteenth
amendment to the "Constitution. As a matter
of fact, the' Filipinos have already secured the
substance of these benefits. This Government
lias . been true to j the spirit of the fourteenth
amendment In the Philippines. Can our op
ponents deny that here at home the principles
of" the fourteenth and fifteenth' amendments
have been • in. effect nullified ? In . this." as iu
many other"' matters, we at . home . can well
profit by the example of those responsible- for
the actual management of affairs In the'Phil
ippines." In our several commonwealths -here
In the United States we as a people now" face
the complex problem | of- secmlns • fair .treat
ment to each man' regardless of his race or
color. We can do eo only if we approach the
problem la the spirit of courage, common
sense and. high-minded. devotion to the right,
which has enabled- Governor Taft. Governor
TVrif;l.t. arc', t'icir seeoclates to do so .noble a
vrorU ' In* : giving to " the " Philippine people'- the
benefit of - the . true, principles of American
liberty. .• _ . * > - ..:
-.* Our.appeatls made" to all pood' citizens who
hold the honor. and the. Interest of • tlie- nation
close to their hearts. The great Issues.' which
Mr*1at$stak*~! and upon "which • V have- touched.
are ; more- than 'ir.Pie- partisan ..issues;, for they
'.Involve- much:, that cornea .home ¦ to the indl
tldual pride and Individual woll-bcinjr of our
eople. 'Under conditions- as- they 'actually -are;,
good '• Americans i should refuse, -for the' Sake
of the" welfare ."of the nation;'- to /change, the
national policy. We, .who are responsible for
the administration and legislation under, which
this country, during tb*>* last 'seven years, has
grown 'bo' greatly ¦ In . well-being, at ; hoin« and
in . honorable r,cputn, amon; the- nations of the
earth abroad,. do not -stand, inertly -upoa; this
record. v -<}» nft uso-this- ritcrd as an (icus<
¦ for fallure'of "effort "to' meet new ' conditions.
On : the contrary. 1 , w e treat the . record., of what
we have done in the past as incitement to-do
even better;in the future.,. . ,. ¦
\We ** Lei Ijve that th*? progress ".that-, we have"
made may bo '. taken ¦ as' a measure of the, pro
gress uo shall continue 'to make If the people
again intrust the government of the nation | to
our. bands. : We' do not stand still.- We press
steadily forward towa:d. the goal of moral ami
materhiLw»:ll-b«insr,,f'-r our own people.. of Just
and ;fearRj»*'doallnsr' toward alii other peoples,
in : the; Interest . not : merely, of • tills country, ¦ but
of mankind. Thsre i* not a policy, .foreign or
domestic. .•'.which we 'are V! now carryins out/
which • it \ would ¦ not bs- disastrous to- reverse or
abandon. H our opponents should come in and
should .-.'•noti'- reverse r fur .nolicles. --th?ii; they,
Would :be ¦ branded t with > the hvand of.: broken
faith, of ' false Drom'Sye, "'at 'insincerity .' in vwoid
»nd flctil, and « no "man . can \vorU to;tfce nd
van«age-of fti-.O; niitkin with rucli -.a braivl.
clinging: to;hlm. ...If, on. the. pther hanO,'!tbey
Bhould ,;co'ni«j ln>an<l, : .tv-v»rj'v- any ¦ or, all. »f. cur.
policies'. ; but just' »o~ much ; would ths nat'on ;aa
a .whole!: be damaged.-' Alike as ilawmaUerV an/J
as/ adrr.lnlaAratoi-s.or .the-law, we. have, endea
vored to-di»'Our duty .in. the. Interest: o( thepao-"
plo'-ks': R?.whoie." ; We'maiie. ourrappeal ¦' to-" jioT
claKs;arid?tw*uo,'.Fectlcn.- but. -to, alMjjood- citi
zens .m whatever 'part of the land they. dwell
and ¦ : whatever . may • -be • tUeir • occuoatibu ¦' or
worldly ¦ condition »•- We» havej ctrlvwj. bflthr'for
civic . righ teousnegs and * f or . national
an<l - w^ •>.—-»: t alth -" lo ? , believe s that i our.« ha yds
will be"u:>hold:by.:all. who- feel lo\e, of-,country
and' tiiist in_the uplifting ?of ; mankind. \ 'We
stand'for «nft>rceipe-tit oftherlaw and for^obe-1
dlence to the" law: our Government. is a govern-,
ment • of i orderly, liberty, equally ; alien -, to # tyr
anny, 1 .ind to anarchy. ¦ and lt» foundation | stone
is the* observance of thellawvklikebyth<s peo
ple" 1 and.' bj\ thf ipublif t»rvants.\<Wft hold ever
before v us . as ; the ' all- Important,, end j of; policy*
and admltTlsti at ion ¦ the ; reign; of i peace at -home
and '-throughout:' the -.world; 4 of - peace, p.. which
comes only»by doing Justice. -Faithfully youra,
' l TUPJODOHB ' ROOSEVELT.": ;
Continued From Pase 2, Column 7.
PRESIDENT'S STIRRING MESSAGE TO VOTERS
Captain Hunker of- the New York
said last night that it was more than
probable that the poor condition of the
Lena's machinery was due -to inexpe
rienced engineers, or possibly to. the
consuming of a low grade of coal.
As Admiral Chadv.lck was absent
from the New York it was impossible
to ascertain his views on the subject.
Lieutenant Sargent said that the on'y
question put to him by the Russians in
regard to news of the war was wheth
er Port Arthur had fallen. He says
that when he told them the Russian
stronghold was still in the possession
of the Slavs the Russian officers seemed
surprised.' They asked no questions. in
regard to the doings of the army, and
seemed, to care little about-what was
going on. The officers of the New York
thought this action on the part of the
Russians singular, inasmuch as. they
had been at sea for over a month with
out news.
Captain Hunker, says that from what
he has learned of the condition of the
Lena she will have to be dismantled,
as required by international law, after
she has been here twenty-four hours.
Once dismantled she will be compelled
to stay, here until the war is over. Her
crew will enjoy the -San Franfcisco cli
mate for some time unless they go back
to Russia by way of Xew York. ...
The Lena is.very.fotM of bottom and
her engines and boilers are nearly out
of commission. She does not present
the . spicU and span appearance of .the
American man-of-war; and her officers
and men are. poorly uniformed. The
sailors are scantily, attired and. their
clothes are old and. torn. - . .
Shortly after the Lena came to an an
chorage Captain Berlinsky 'and his of
ficers visited the United States flagship
New York and were received by Flag
Lieutenant Sargent, as both Admiral
Chadwick and Captain Hunker were on
6hore>
He Is Gracefully Received Aboard the
Flagship New York.
LENA'S CAPTAIN VISITS.
"I was greatly surprised when, at 4
o'clock tais afternoon. I received a tele
phone message from the Merchants'
ESxdiaage stating that the Russian
traneport Lena had ccme into port. I
had no idea that she was in this part
of thf world and I cannot imagine what
*ht is doing here. Perhaps she came
across to harass the merchant marine.
Her appearance here is an absolute
mystery- to me. 1 understand * put
into this port to have her boilers and
engines repaired. I am awaiting with
Exeat interest to hear what the author
ities in Washington will do in the
premises."
At both the offics and the residence
of Paul Kosakevitch. the Russian Con
sul, it v,as stated that the Consul was
away and would not be in again until
10 o'clock Monday morning.
Kisaburo Uycno, the Japanese Con
sul, said:
KUaliuro Uycno Can Offer No Ex
planation for Lena's Appearance.
CONSUL IS SURPRISED.
Admiral William H. Whiting, com
mandant at Yerba Buena Island,, said:
"The arrival of the Russian trans
port Lena was wired at once : to the
authorities at Washington. No action
can be taken until a reply comes from
there. I do not know what action the
department will take, but I doubt very
much whether the Lena will be al
lowed to remain in this port for any
extensive repairs."
WASHINGTON' MUST ADVISE.
strengthening of this position.
On September 1 a lire partially de
stroyed the village of Palichuang. Later
the Russian artillery ¦ leveled a stone
house and walls which the Japanese
had been using, for cover. The Japanese
outposts thereupon '-were strengthened,
and wires hung wlth:bells were:strung
to sound r an alarm in case of a sudden
attack/"-v ; -
The village of Chalitsets. which was
In front of the parade ground, has been
destroyed, presumably by 'the Rus
sians, although it is not so stated by
the Novi Krai. \ /
RUSSIANS SHELI; REDOUBTS.
. Russian guns on a position known as
Rock Redoubt fire , almost ceaselessly
on the tw6 forts at Palichuang. ..The
Russians call these forts Redoubt One
and Redoubt Two. The Novi Krai men
tions that two companies of Japanese
were seen working when a shell com
pelled them to flee. The Japanese were
seen carrying planks and other things
from Redoubt Two to Redoubt One.
Returning they carried something
which could not be identified.
The Novi Krai of September 5 de
scribes -a heroic- sacrifice of life by a
Japanese who, It was. believed, at-
RUSSIANS. RESORT TO PRAYER,
Special Services to Re Held in
. Churches' Throughout the Empire
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 11.— The
Official Messenger' to-day published
the following resolution, . which was
adopted by the Holy Synod: v
By virtua of an imperial ukase to th» effect
that during the present trials of our dear
country more ardent prayers should be offered
for the victory of the BusMan troops, who are
worshipers of Christ, over a cruel . enemy, full
of guile, the Holy Synod pronounces the time
ripe for special prayers to be offered In all of
the churches in the Empire on Sundays and
holy days after mass, beseeching that heavenly
aid Should be sent to tho Russian army, which
is satrtfichig Us life for Its faith. Its Em
peror and Its country, for long life for the vic
torious troops and for the repose of the souls
of the warriors . who falL ,
tempted to blow, up a wall behind which
the Russians waited. The Japanese sol
dier calmly left Redoubt One. carrying
two boxes and deliberately marched to
ward . the Russians,, who suffered him
to, approach. When he was quite near
sharpshooters • killed him. On investi
gation '¦. it '.was found; that the boxes he
carried contained lyddite, -with fuses
carefully affixed.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 11.— The forest
fire which has been burning on the
Bolinas ridge for the past four days
is still raging, notwithstanding the- re
ports that the fire is under control.
Sheriff Taylor returned from the
scene of the tire thia afternoon and
reported it under control, but he bad
not been. here but a few minutes when
word was received from Liberty Farm
that the fire had broken out again at
Little Carson Canyon between Liber
ty Farm and Lagunitas.
Sheriff Taylor Immediately gathered
twenty men and .returned to the burn
ed district, although he nas taken no
rtst for twenty-four hours. The fire
Is practically under control on the
Camp Taylor side of the ridge and un
less the wind rises the blaze will be
entirely extinguished by morning.
Pedrini Brothers, lumber merchants,
whose camp is In the John Enos Val
ley, managed ¦ to save many corda of
cut wood, but the flames devoured two
hundred cords of tan bark and as many
cords of cut. wood. The fire Is now
burning through Little Carson Can
yon toward Lilly Lake and Milliards*
ranch.
Milliards has every available man oa
his ranch at work and a desperate at
tempt will be made to save it from tha
flames. Many thousand acres of Umber
have been destroyed since tha- fir*
started, the Howard and Shafter tract
alone constituting twelve thousand:
acres, all of which was burned, ¦
Many ranches and cattle have been
destroyed by the blaze and people re
siding pear the burned district ¦ hav«
shipped their valuables to a place of
safety. No word has been received fro*m
Boll nas. Inverness, Olema. or Point
Reyes - for four days, as . all telephone
and telegraph wires are dawn, owing
to the fire. T
Special Dispatch to The Call.
| WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— Secretary
Morton said to-night no word had been
.received from Admiral Whiting re
garding the Lena, but that he asked
for instructions his telegram would be
referred to the State Department. It
is thought here that the Lena would be
given a reasonable, time to make re
pairs, especially as she is not a fight
ing vessel and is far removed from the
theater of war. With no- Japanese
ships in close pursuit Navy Department
officials are puzzled to. know how. the
Lena came to put in at San Francisco,
as the Bureau of \N aval Intelligence,
which is watching, closely the move
ments of ships of .various nations, had
not received information. that she was
expected in American waters.
Washington Believes Cruiser Can Stay
a Reasonable Time.
MAY REMAIN AND REPAIR,
FOREST FIRE
STILL RAGING
TOKIO. S^pt. 11.— An approximation
of tlie Japanese casualties in the battle
of Liaoyang, based upon reports of the
chiefs of the medical corps of the three
Japanese armies, was concluded to-day.
It or.vers the fighting from August 26.
and dton that the Japanese killed and
wounded number 17.53S men, divided as
follows:
In the right army, under the com
mand of General Kuroki. 4860 men.
In the center army, under the com
mand of General Nodzu. 4992 men.
In the left army, under the command
of General Oku. 7681 men.
These casualties include 1S6 officers
ki!lf-d and 464 officers wounded.
Thf fact that the army under Gen
eral Oku eustained the heaviest losses
is accounted for by its assaults upon
the Russian defenses to the south of
Liaoyang.
LONDON. Sept. 11.— The correspond
ent of the Times with General Oku's
army reiterates his statement that
< »ku : s losses in two days' fighting at
Liaoyang were close to 20.000 men,
v.hih- in the entire battle they far ex
credtd that figure. He says that the
losses of the center and right armies
were not as great in proportion, Oku's
rasualties being: the greatest because of
his repeated terrific assaults upon the
Russian fortifications. The correspond
ent sayp 40,000 men would be a conser
vative estimate of the total losses of
The combined Japanese armies at Liao
yang.
JAPANS STATEMENT OF LOSSES.
I'otal Liaoyaiur Casualties Announced
us li^s Than Eighteen Thousand.
The twenty-four hours* stay in a neu
tral port will expire about noon to-day
and the question of her remaining here
will be a matter for the American and
the Russian Governments to settle,
with Japan doubtless having consider
able to say on the subject. It seems
to be the general opinion that the Lena
must dismantle herself and remain in
this port till the close of the war or
leave the harbor.
'Collector Stratton, asked as- to what
the department would do in the mat
ter, was less. communicative than the
Russian officers, who'acknowledge that
possibly to remain here the Lena may
have to dismantle. The Collector says:
This ii> a matter of great delicacy Involving
diplomatic considerations, and I am therefore
not in a position at this time to discuss it.
Until the arrival cf the steamer has been re
ported to nie officially I cannct say what ac
tion I shall take in the premises. It Is more
than probable that both the Japanese and the
Rus*!an Consuls will call on me to-morrow tn
relation to the action I shall take concerning
th«s transport's stay in San Francisco. It
would be highly indelicate for me to say In
advance of official advices what the action will
be or what law can be applied to the vessel
and her movements.
She has seen some service since she !
came from Odessa on the Black Sea. I
In the dashes of the fast Russian ves
sels south from' Vladivostok a number
of *maU Japanese merchantment have
been her prey, but the destroyers of
Kamimura did not get her under their
searchlights. The officers are cour
teous to visitors aboard their ship,"*
evening inviting the press photograph
ers to take snaps of objects around.
With Their limited knowledge of the
English tongue they tried to tell of the
vessel and her mission to this . port.
Cruising In the Northern Pacific they
found their boilers giving out, they
paid, and ran for San Francisco be
fore a Japanese cruiser «aught them in
a crippled condition. The Lena was
thirty-one days coming . from Vladi
vostok, calling at the Saghalian
Islands. The usual trip " consumes
about twenty-six days, j y
Her way from the Siberian port was
pretty direct. A statement comes from
the ship to the effect that the Russian
crossed tfle ocean for the purpose
of placing herself in. the track of the
America Maru. but the failure of her
boilers drove the raider into harbor.
various quarters of the crew the con
verted vessel Is crowded with guns and
machinery, but the cabins and saloons
of' the sixteen officers are roomy and
richly furnished. Beautiful panels or
nament the walls, and the floors or
decks of these apartments are formed
of curiously and artistically inlaid
wood. Outside the dingy slate-tinted
hull of the Lena — covered with sea
werd below, and the weather marks of
long, weary cruises above— is ' not an
attractive show, but from the beauty
and freshness within her handsome sa
loons one would fancy she might have
been lying up in Eonie peaceful port.
The Russian Consul's .apparent
eagerness yesterday after the captain
of the Lena had visited him, to.dis
cover the whereabouts of Captain Hav
rer, naturally aroused- the suspicion
that possibly the former pilot of .the
Vladivostok fleet is in some way. con
nected with the sudden- appearance in
this port of one of the Czar's trans
ports'and that the latter vessel may
have been the one Captain Havner had
in mind when he told his friend, that
he expected a Russian vessel'here and
was hopeful of returning to Vladivos
tok "before many months hadpassed."
empire for a number of years.
If was generally understood. by Cap
tain Havner's fellow passengers during
the voyage across the Pacific that he
was on a mission to this country and
his quiet movements during his stay
in this city strengthened the existing
suspicion that he was here in the in
terest of the Russian Government.
When it first became known that the
Japanese Government was receiving
large cargoes of contraband articles
from San Francisco by the Pacific Mail
and Toyo Kisen-Kaisha liners the cap
tain remarked, in a rather, significant
way, that Russia would soon -be ship
ping to Vladivostok.
Later he grew confidential with one
acquaintance, to whom he said that
he was awaiting a Russian -vessel to
arrive at .his port, and added that he
expected to return to Vladivostok be
fore .many months had passed.
During his stay in this city he made
frequent trips into the wholesale dis
tricts, where it was supposed- that he
talked with merchants regarding ; the
purchase of large '• stocks ¦ of their
goods. He finally left here, saying that
he was. going to a northern resort for
a short rest. •
The Morning Post's correspondent in
the field with General Kuroki describes
the operations against 'Liaoyang as
twelve days : of the; hardest possible
fighting and marching on short rations,
with a. temperature of 100 decrees In
the shade and frequent falls of rain.
All of this, he. says, has been ', borne
splendidly, » though- the men-were worn
out after the tense struggle. He
adds:
-"General Kuropatkin's retreat was
masterly. He held the northeastern
heights to the last ' possible moment
and secured ' a safe retirement for \ his
army and his guns."
LONDON, ; Sept. 12.— The situation at
Port i Arthur, especially -in view of the
sailing from . Kronstadt on Sunday of
the Baltic fleet, - receives new attention
in the newspapers. ' Spencer Wilkinson,
in the Morning Post, says it depends
entirely . upon . how long Port Arthur
can hold out whether the Baltic fleet
will" be of any effect.
The Standard declares that the fleet
will never get beyond Suez, but says if,
by any inconceivable chance, it . should
reach Chinese . : waters, it would . only
give Togo fresh opportunities for add
ing: to his'- category of successes. The
Standard adds: i_ ¦
, "We "cannot credit the ' Gov
ernment : with any Intention of sending
its ; last , maritime reserve, to destruc
tion." • « .
:. The Telegraph devotes a lengthy edi
torial : to \ a witty protest against the
Japanese'treatment of war. correspond
ents' and • attaches, - based on Bennett
Burleigh's strictures.' The editorial de
clares that "Great Britain's ally," solely
from the point of view of 'her own in
terests, committed a profound "political
error in allowing correspondents ¦ to go
to the. front and then reducing their
presence to a nullity."
i .The paper.', also warns Japan : that
Western ' , sympathy is not ; encouraged
by -the "superfluous evidences of Jap
anese distrust." -'.
"The Muscovites presented a most
dejected appearance in the retreat,"
continues Burleigh. '.'The men are of
good material, but the officers lack
many necessary qualities. The war is
most unpopular with all the Russian
soldiers. In Japan' it is just the reverse.
"The dread Cossack, cavalry is a
myth which the Japanese infantry de
spise. The Russians made absolutely
no use of their masses of horsemen.
"I fear the losses to both the Rus
sians and the Japanese are near 30,000
men each."
Bennett Burleigh sends to the Dally
Telegraph from the Japanese head
quarters a long description of the
fighting. He says:
"General -Kuroki, who was hotly at
tacked by Kuropatkln and was for a
time In Jeopardy, was unable to get
astride of the railway, otherwise Liao
yane would have been a Sedan for the
Russians.
"What surprised me more than any
thing else was the wonderful manner
in which the Japanese continued for a
whole week their awful . bombardment
of the -Russian positions. It was the
fiercest artillery attack, perhaps, in
history. Tens of thousands of . shells
were thrown daily., but the supplies of
them seemed Inexhaustible. The Rus
sians only replied spasmodically, but
their rifle fire was often the heaviesjt.
"It must be said for the Japanese
that, although they fight with the ut
most fierceness, daring and courage,
they battle not like mad men, but with
their heads, and they obey their of
ficers in all straits."
Burleigh testifies, as other corre
spondents have done, that the Japan
ese are continually drafting fresh men
in the fighting ranks and remarks
how marvelously they took fortifica
tions whose capture appeared to be im
possible. He asserts that it was
Kuroki's dangerous position that com
pelled the* other Japanese armies to
force the fighting.
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
Britons Believe the Czar's Baltic Fleet Will
Fall Prey to Admiral Togo.
Being a Belligerent the Lena Must Now Dis
arm Herself or Depart.
The story of the occurrences ' before
Port Arthur the past ten days, accord
ing to the Novi Krai, is 'one of bom
bardments, outpost clashes and recon
noitering j exploits, e Copies r of the Novi
Krai dated September. 5,' 6 and 7 are de
voted almost exclusively to a recital of
the .details of these occurrences. ). Rus
sian activity on the' northeast front,
which includes Rihlungshan and Kik
wanshan, is noted by the paper, and the
inference is drawn that an attack in
that quarter is expected. The bom
bardments 1 of the Palichuahg fort,
which* is only 300 yards 'from Rihlung
shan, are. frequent. The, Russians are
trying desperately, to retard the further
In its issue of September. 2 the . same
paper says that -a : Japanese, torpedo
boat struck a mine fourteen* tniles
southeast of the harbor, and sank, and
that pn the day after this ;occurrence
the Japanese cruiser Itsukushima' also
was damaged by a floating mine. - •
.',-.A' Chinese who left Port Arthur ori
the night of ; September 6 reports that
Japanese troops to the number- of 5000
control Louisa Bay, to the northwest
of Port A rthur,- and that the Japanese
also are in control of Pigeon Bay, "to
the west of -Port Arthur. This Chi
nese wanted to leave from Pigeon Bay,
but the Japanese would not allow him
to do so. He was taken , to Port
Dalny and on the way passed through
five villages where -detachments, of
Japanese troops, numbering from 2000
to 5000 each, were quartered/ ¦
', He says the Japanese are making
use of a balloon, which he describes
as a cigar-shaped affair, with a car
suspended underneath, and says- that
a "fat foreigner, -wearing a mustache,"
runs .'the* balloon. . ¦' ; ; '
I Thev" Japanese ¦ entrenchments p line
the chills • in' e.yery,'direqtlon •and.irein^,
forcements' are 1 "; constantly" \ arriving
from Port . Dalny. .The hos
pitals at -Port . Dalny are 'filled- with
wounded and • transports are engaged
in removing the wounded xnen-'-to
Japan as fast as possible.
I CEASELESS ROAR OF CANNON.-'
CHEFU, . Sept. " 1 1, 11: 20 p.- m.—Ac
cording r to \ the latest- news -received
here* from Port Arthur, the' Russians,'
on; September 4, shelled the * Japanese
covered trenches in front : of ¦ Pali
chuahsr and destroyed themi-Every
thing .was» quiet along "the .'entire' line
during the night of , September'-' 4, rbut
in the morning it was seen -that the
Japanese outposts had crept closer in
toward the- Jlussiaiv lines.
| One. incident. of tlie recent bombard
ing of, Port Arthur was 'the; striking
of, the -roof of a hospital by' a Japa
nese . -shell. The Japanese fire was
drawn" to the' hospital by the placing
near it: by. the Russians, of beacon
signals. . .', • - : ' -
One small.: Russian scouting: party ;
succeeded : in creeping close to the j
Japanese- intrenchments ori ' Corner ;
Mountain; . but the : barking . of dogs J
gave the alarm and prevented afur
ther. advance. Japanese ;' reserves
poured into the entrenchment and
opened ; fire on the Russians, but a
shell'" from a Russian battery" landed
in the: trench" and killed .many: of the
Japanese- soldiers and- the remainder
retired., This enabled: the. Russians ;to
occupy the trench ; until dawn. The
trench evidently was unimportant, for
the Japanese, made ,no v attempt to re
take it, and. the Russian: scouts with
drew shortly after daybreak. «
On . September 6 a small body of
Japanese troops captured: some out
post trenches on High -Hill, which is
not far from. Corner Mountain, but
on the approach later of a-Russian de
tachmeut they evacuated this* position
without fighting. - \ •?
The Port Arthur Novi Krai, in a
recent issue, declares that a Japanese
colonel has ,been r executed because" he
failed to occupy a certain position'on
Corner. Hill within a' specified time.
- . TORPEDO-BOAT HITS JUNE.
Before the battle the Russians assem
bled a great number of railroad cars at
Liaoyang, which were constantly used
In the removal • of wounded men and
arms and ammunition to the rear for
three or four days. Vast quantities of
arras, ammunition and stores were
burned at Liaoyang before the final
retreat, but an enormous quantity of
shells, ammunition, powder wagons,
stores and miscellaneous property was
captured by the Japanese. With the
ammunition captured was a quantity
of dumdum bullets. 91S3B
TOKIO. Sept. 11.— Telegraphic reports
received here to-day from the head
quarters of the Manchurian army de
clare the Japanese to be in full posses
sion of the Yentai'coal mines, estimate
the Russian losses up to the fall of
Liaoyang at more than 25,000 men. and
give additional details or the disposi
tion of the Russian forces around Llau
yang during the battle. The estimate
of the losses does not include thoeo
suffered by the Russians in the rear
guard action fought after the evacua
tion of Liaoj-ang. The date upon which
the Japanese occupied the Yental coal
mines Is not given.
According to Russian prisoners and
other men the Russian force at Llao
yang included the full strength of the
Second, Fourth, Fifth, Tenth and Sev
enteenth army corps and portions of:^
other corps. One corps was posted to
the; west of Llaoyang; another was lo
cated south of Llaoyang, with a full
corps in reserve.* another was placed
to the northwest of the city on the right
bank of the Taitse River and another
faced the Japanese right army.
General Stakelberg was in command
of the Russian forces at Shoushanpao.
Major General Mistchenko at first was
in command southwest of Liaoyang,
and later directed the Russian defenses
on the east.
Prisoners and others affirm that tha
Russian- losses between the retreat
from Anshanshan and the final fall of
Liaoyang amounted to more than 25,000
men. .
The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent cays it is reported that Chinese
troops are being quietly drafted in
Manchuria and now occupy both sides
of the Liao River. It is stated, the
correspondent says, that they' will be
utilized to occupy territory conquered
by tlie Japanese, and that German of
ficers are making an investigation as to
the truth of the report.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent.
Simpson, who was with the Russians
nt 1/iaoyang. reports that he has lK?en
captured by the Japanese.
The c orrespondent at Tokio of the
Standard savs it is expected that
the tJovernment will issue a third in-
VTr:a.I war loan of SO.000,000 yen ($40,
<R»O.OOC'> in October.
LONDON. Sept- 12.— The Daily Mail's
Singminiin correspondent, cabling un
der date of September 11. says:
. 'XJenera.1 Kuropalkin has returned to
Mukden after inspecting the fortifica
tions at Tie Pass, the work on 'which Is
not well advanced, but is being hurried
iilong. At the same time dangerous
nnd costly efforts to delay the Japanese
advance are being made.
•*I learn from a Russian source that
I his |fs the outcome of the Emperor's
orders, and that the Emperor even per
emptorily commanded Kuropalkin to
retake Liaoyang.
"There is no abatement in the retreat
«'f the Russian troops northward. The
n<iise of a fierce* artillery engagement
\*as heard south of Mukden on Friday
night.
••Th<* v.-ho?<? line of retreating Rus
sians irben withiu flve miles southeast
of Mukden were attacked by Japanese
marksmen, who were invisible amid
the millet. The Russian troops sent to
Tapinsthfn retreated with heavy loss.
••Chinese bandits are swarming into
the district and have stopped traffic be
t.\>en Singmintln and Mukden, shoot
ing and torturing; to death Russian pa
tio! s."
Mikado's Men Capture
Vast Quantities
of. Stores.
Will Again Attempt
to Check Their
Pursuers.
Slav' and Japanese
Oiitpbsts\ Clash
v ; Constantly.
Daily Bombardments
of Port Arthur's
Defenses.
Russians Hurry the
Fortifying of
Tie Pass.
Tokio Estimates the
Russian Losses
at 25,000.
WAR BULLETINS.
. ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 12.— The .First Army Corps 1ms arrived I
at Mukden. .'At a meeting of tlie Emperor's military advisers on Sat
urday War Minister Sakluiroff recommended the sending of an addi-"
tional 350.000 men to the Far East.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 11.— In a telegram to.Kmperor Nicho
las-, dated September 10, General Kuropatkin says: ••There were no
hostilities to-day (Saturday) except insignineant patrol encounters,
in which .we sustained no' casualties." A^^'-y^ y
LONDON, Scptl It:— A dispatch to Rcuter's Tclesrain Company .
. f rom St. Pctei-sburg says It. *s umlerstood .that ¦ Viceroy *-AJe.yieff,*> in'
\ic\v of the paramount .military exigencies in the^Far East, has placed
his resignation, in the hands of the -Emperor, but that no decision
with l-egard to it has yet been made. * ; ; ; ' r Y*'-'- V- '_•¦¦
ST. 'PETERSBURG. Sept. Jl.— The Emperor; lias called to arms
the l-eserve' troops In twenty-two circuits of tlie governments of. Klier- :
7.on, l>e&sarabia, ' Kkaterinoslav j and Taurlda, : belonging to the "military :
district of Odessa, and also one category of reserve officers'.through
out tlie empire. - ' ¦' "¦: v" ,
CZAR STOPS KUROPATKIN'S RETREAT, ORDERING LIAOYANG RETAKEN
RESU LTS TO DATE.
War. in progress .(began -.February 8), days 216
Number of principal land battles, exclusive of Port Arthur ' 17
Number, of important 'sea lights .....'..."..".: . 6
Loss in- men (estimated). Russia ..................... 55.00O
lipssin men estimated). Japau , ...... .... • 85,000
Loss* in war. vessels, Russia.".'.-. ... .......... ..$35,000,000
.Loss in jvar vessels," Japan ...'.#. 8,000,000
. Big wai^ craft sunk or. destroyed, Russian.'.-....; A.... . *¦¦ i'.'
Big war era ft sunk or destroyed, Japanese . . ; ..-"•*
High commanders killed, -Russian ........... ...... . . ... _ ¦ 3
Jljgh; commanders ; killed,; Japanese . . . .:..:. 0
Days since last trai^i left Port Arthur (May 5). .:...... ..." 129*
Days rince land siege actually began (Nanshau Hill, May 27) 107
Port Arthur ships sunk or destroyed .-...'. ...... .6
Vladivostok ships sunk . . . . . . . .- . . . . . .-.'.•. .': ".....¦•• 1
Russian ships that have taken refuge in foreign ports. .".. ' -1
'Japanese -investing. Port "Arthur.'. '..."' ... w . 75.000
Russians, defend ing fortress . . . . . . .- . . ......... ... 30,000
Japanese in the field. .-. . . ./..... . . . . . .... 325,000
Russians ill the field. i 225,000
THE :'i SAN- FRANC! SCO ; CALU > MONDAY, t SEFTTEMBER y 12; ? 1904.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 11.— Anti-
Semitic rioting took place at.Rbvno.in
the Government of." Colhynia; . on Sep
tember. 4, during which many persons
were injured and - shops pillaged.
: A similar outbreak occurred at Sme
la,-in the Government of Kleff, where
the troops were called out.
Ninety-eight houses arid 145 shops
•were pillaged and several persons were
seriously wounded by the troops. Many
of the rioters were arrested. '
The affair lasted for two days^—Sep
tember 4 and 5.
PILLAGE SHOPS
OF THE JEWS
OINKKIt IS Postponed. — TIm' dinner
wM^'i was In h».i»- i.r»-n jji\»n by tbr. Ohio
gorily «if Otlir.irnin r.t t*»e Hotfl . c t. Wands
fill tb»- 151* ! e- l»«*r r outpour, until October
J.'-fl will be mark itir o.-ren«lcn of the pi-s
«nt6ii»m to th» nt*r bsttWhip Ohk» cf a stiver
•»rv1c*. mid wit; .blunder the auspices of the
Ot'o Hcclcli' of CaUTcrnl*.
O.WGHTOU OF- A .. KMGHT .
.11 LTKD ; AT THE. ALTAR
ICjoptinis Clovcrririicnt' 'Oflirial Two
.-- pays Before l>ate of
. Di-caks'bfl" liiisaeenicnt. -
* L'JNTJoX'Vsept,^ .11-— rThe- wedding
of ;^Mr.';5icCalman,"> aii.v official- of "the
Egyptian , " Government,, vwith .Con
stance, daughter of .fc'ir James T.
Kitchpy.'.l.ord'MayorJ of .London,"' and
niece- of 'the former- Chancellor of .the
Exchequer,"* was- fixed' for- to-morrow
(Monday). -,' Everything was prepared
andjeostly 'presents were . on exhibition
¦when, * on ; Saturday, a*; letter arrived
breaking: off the engagement.
The bride is :> rostra ted : with dis
tress. /.-Her*, brother says 7 the mystery
is;* Inscrutable; and' that' lie "has riot
the» remotest 'idea -why the, engage
merit was : broken' off. :
Good Points to Remember.
' We arc selling agents for "The "Watsr
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sols agsnts
for 'The Marshall." the best $1 fountain
pen aver, made. - Sanborn. Vail * Co» 7il
Market street ' •„*
Although. repeated calls at the Rus
sian consulate last .'evening brought the
response that" Consul Kosakevitch .was
not at- home,. It .wa^ later, learned that
he had: telephoned from, the consulate
to the Palace Hotel an inquiry as to
whether Captain B. Havner. was.regis
tered .there. : Xot satisfied with the. re
ply that- no' such : person by that name
was a guest at the- hotel.'-the Consul
half an hour afterward gent -a* repre
sentative to the'Palace-to confirm the
Information he had obtained. and to
learn if possible whether. Captain Hav
ner was 'expected at the hotel. "'
Captain : Havner - was formerly Vpilbt
of t he Vladivostok fleet, which . he 'quit
a few months after the warbegan.He
arrived here v on July.15 from the. Orient'
and registered at 'the* Palactf.'Ilotel;
where he remained 'for. seventeen days.
He-is an American and' a 'j native ¦ of
Maine,*- bat has resided \ In ' the 'Russian
Vladivostok Fleet.
Russian Consul Seeks Former Pilot of
3FIRE AT EAST OAKLAND.- OAKLAND
Sept. . . 11,— Flr« fronj a defective flue caused
S900> damag* to' W. Logan's house, fi(» East
Fourteenth street, at 1 o'clock this mornlnj.
CHURCH FEDERATION , ,-, ELECTS —
JJERKELET. Bept. 11. — The Berkeley, Federa
tion of Churches has organized for the work of
the coming year by electing a new set of of
ficers, .as follows: President,- Rev. A' 8
Coate» : vice president. H. • R. -. Braden ; treas^
t.rer. Rev. E. W. -Darst: -secretary. Rev. R.
S.j Eartraan: executive committee— Rev.. E. "L,
,-ParEons.- t)r. W. - H; Hopkins, t Rcv. J.- H
Pcele/ J. T. Farrar, Gilbert Shepcrd.
Cyder Walthour ,Wln« at Berlin.
. . BERLIN,. Sept. 11. — :"Bobby" Wal
thour. the American bicyclist; won the
international bicycle race at 100 kilo
meters; here, to-day.: His time was
1 hour,;22 minutes and .18 seconds
Dickerman' of Holland. Hall of Hol
land Rnd Roble: of Germany J finished
nar named. .". Walthour won e;isily and
without haying. to. change hia motor
pace. -- . •
LONDON, Sept 1 1.— -Leo Stern, the
violinist, husband 0/ Susanne-*Adarris,
the singer, is dead. . •-
Violinist Dies In London.
"Warrant Officer Raven of the Brit
ing warship ' Wildfire has made a
¦world'* record with the revolver, scor
ing all bulls, at twenty yards, and
g-etting outelde the black only once at
fifty yards, a total of 167 points out
of * possible 1C8. . . :
SACRAMENTO. Sept. . 11.— Miss Jes
sie P. Loomls.'.aged 32 years, threw
herself ln ; front . of a moving train at
Corning to-day and .was almost .in
stantly Wiled. . She -resided witL her
brother, B. N. Loomls of Corning, and
has been suffering from a fever, which
is believed to have -affected her mind.
Younc Woman FalLs Before Train.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad, Sept
11.—rThe< steamer Kennett has sailed
from Venezuela with the first cargo
of asphalt shipped by President Castro
from the property of the New York
and Bermudez Asphalt Company, its
destination is unknown. , It is . stated
here that the asphalt company' will
ask for an embargo upon the cargo.
Loads Vessel With Cargo From Mine
Taken Frrnn . Xcxr , York . and
Bermudez Company.
CASTRO MAKES HIS FIRST
SHIPMENT OF . ASPHALT
MUKDEN,. Sept. 11. — All is quiet In
this region. It is understood that the
main force of Japanese has retired to
Yentai. '
A solemn service was held here to
day for the repose of the souls of those
killed In action, it waa attended by
the entire staff and garrison. A few
distant shot were heard during the
ccremonj'.
The weather is threatening and more
rain Is expected.
Service Held for the Repose of Souls
of Russian Soldiers.
LAST RITES FOR THE DEAD.
CHICAGO Sept. lL-rAll probability
of complications at the stockyards was
removed to-day when the packing-house
teamsters* voted to return to work to
morrow. The offer of the packers to
take back as many teamsters as are
needed and to hire the others as neces
sity,demands was made known through
a committee that had visited the pack
ers and the proposition was accepted
without opposition.'
Action Removes All Fear. of Compli
cations Arising .Over the Strike '
. ... Settlement.
packing-house teamsters
.voteJto go rack to work
Dates are to be applied -for to the
Western - Jockey Club. In case suit
able periods for racing are not granted
by that body ' the aggregation will
proceed ' to buy a box of . matches and
make a little Jockey Club of Its own.
probably a. Southern Jockey club. -
,' A-man rM-ell .known . in New York
business circles is at present promot
ing the; scheme.
NEW YORK,- 'Sent: 11.— Three biff
owners, three big;' breeders^ and three
big capitalists . propose to establish
another racing circuit on a errand
scale. .This circuit will be composed
mainly of three tracks — a new track
at St. Louis, a Chicago track, prob
ably Worth, and : a track ¦• at New
Orleans.-*'. . '¦'-. ':¦"¦' • J- ..^" ; .: 7 :
CIRCUIT OF RACETRACKS
FOR THE MIDDLE WEST
ST. LOUIS. SepL 11.— Thelocal stock
holders of the Continental,' Consolid
ated and American Tobacco companies
have been *nc-tf Red that a meeting will
be held in New York on September 30,
at which a complete merger, of the
three companies' will ; be' voted upon.
The proposed new company, will con
trol the entire tobacco, business of the
country. - ¦'¦-.'
K>-cdicrate Will be Formed for Pur
lK»?e of ControHinjr Entire Busi
ness of Country,
illREE TOBACCO CONCERNS
TO nE 5IERGED INTO ON'E
LABOR PARTY'S OFFICERS.— OAKfcAXn
Sept, 11. — The Cnlon Labor party county com
mittee waa organised last night by th* ejec
tion of the following officers: Chairman, B. f\
Calhoun; vice chairman. W. F. Annstmn"*
secretary. T. L. HoMen: trtasuref. A. S. Orms
by: sergeant at arms. W. H. Sweeney. Chair
man Calhoun appclnted an executive- commit
tee as follows: A. 8. Ormsby (chairman), k.
M.' Rowe. Charles Calhoun. G. J. Britt, -W
H. Sweeney. E. G. Cox, E. F. O'Brien. Wil
liam Allen, Paul Wuthe, W. T. MeNallv
E. T. Van Alstlne. U O. MaZthewa, J 13 '
Kay. - 1
The -Boating Club will entertain at.Idora
Park on October. 6. - Instead of - October-'!,- the
change having been, considered advisable. The
affair Is In charge ?-«fm committee consisting
of Stuart Hawley,*.'00;.G. J. Anlpff. '05: A. C
Keane, 'C5. and J. P. Loeb. MS. The proceeds
of the "night" will.be devoted to the purchase
of a shell to be -used In ' the" races against
this year. ' .
The .annual reception to the graduate stu
dents will" be held In Hearst Hall next Mon
day night,- the function to be under the au«- <
pices ¦ of the Associated Graduate Stu
dent*.:-The following committees are In
charge* Arrangements — Carlos G. White,
Portia Ackerman, Marietta Edwards. -Talhilah
Le Conte. Fred Blanchard, J. A. Wilson. Re
ception — Miss Le Conte, Beverly B.'- Allen'.-* A.
M. ' Cleghorn. Bessie Forse, GertruJe M. - Jew
ett, Benjamin J. Kurtz, Ivan M.->L.inforth' R.
I*. McwlUIama. James D. Maddrfll. Dora* L.
Martin, .-Clarence W. Peck, Helen Powell Dor
othy Schroeder. A. J. Woolsey. ' Decoration —
Portia Adterman. Elizabeth Arnelll, • j. ¦ -a/
Champreufc.. M. Frledtrtch, Fletcher-.Hamil
ton. Chrletlne Hutton. Clinton IC-'Judy, Fred
J. Johnson. 'Edna Lewis, Sophie Bchroedcr
Hattle McWheaton, J. XT> WlUon, Oliver
Youngs. ln\-itatlon — Marietta 'Edwards, Mary
McGrew. Maude Kagle. Henrietta Wade. Re
treshment-r-Fred Blanchard, ¦ Carrie W. LIddle,
Irving Needhatn, Rachel B. La thr&p, George A
Emlthsonv ¦••-,. ¦¦•¦-. . • ¦-' ¦ ¦ •¦ * ; '
r BERKELET, Sept. 11."— Plans for the addi
tion to liarmon Gymnasium, and the complete
remodeling ol .the present arrangements' In' the
locker, rooms'and baths have' been. finally adoptf
ed. .Work 'will bruin just as,'' toon a* bids are
received and accepted, asMt Is the desire' t'o
offer students the best accommodations as" soon
as possible.' "The vrdrk will "cost" )$12, 000, this
sum having been set- Aside by '.the regents. Ac
cording-to. the plans the main -entrance will
hereafter .be : on the eajt *ide of the building,
and r the present lockera^ and offices near^them
will be torn I out io provide a lobby foj- the
convenient entrance ' of a .large cfowd. ¦-"The
present bnthrooms .will be displaced bj^ lock
ers. On : the ground floor will be a - great
bathroom, , containing 130 showers. Here the
floor' will be cemented - and Inlaid and-- tiled.
The approach from the lockers will be on an
inclined plane. Special .arrangements -will be
made in the athletic quarters. There' will be
a tteparate entrance on- the west- side, and all
of the unpez, part of which Is now used for
training truarters. ¦'wUl be given to 'the. ath
letes. There will be twenty showers for? the'
college men and ten for the visiting teams,
besides -three rubbing rooms and lockers.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SARATOGA, Sept. 11. — -This has
bf en a da;* of informal conferences
among tne Republican leaders "gath
ered here In advance of the State
convention called for Wednesday.
Lntp to-night there seemed to bei a
general^ Impression that there would
be no contest over, the nomination for
Governor. Governor Odell and Sena
tor Platt had a long talk this morn
ing and were together at dinner at
Saratoga Lake to-night. Afterward
Senator^ Platt said:
"I am for the nomination of Wood
ruff as Governor, us Governor Odell
tell? me, he has had no candidate. I
should think there would be a good
chance of Woodruffs nomination." . '
Mnkes Announcement.
Senator. After Conference With Odell,
PLATT FOR WOODRUFF.
Cyclist Makes Xerv 3111c Record.
VAILSBURG, N. J.. Sept. 11.—Yatls
burg*s "annual handicap" day. tarday
produced a new American record-^for
one mile, Frank L. Kramer; winning
the handicap at that distance from
scratch In 1:49 2-5, only two-fi\fth»; ijf
a second slower than the world's rec
ord made by McFarland in Australia
several months ago.
President — Ludwig W'arnke- Alameda. ' Vice
presidents—F. B. Cook. East Oakland; F. G.
Elben. West Oakland: C Hadlen. West Berke
ley; George TV- Morris. AlameJa; F. C. Har
vey, Alvarado. Treasurer — George A Rus-
Fe!l, Oakland. Directors— S. J. Sill, Berke
ley; II. D. CuehlnR. Oakland; G. A. Russell.
Oakland: G. T. Morris. Alameda: O. Hoffman,
East Oakland. -Secretary — James G. Reed.
Committees: Executive — George Hoffman,
chairman; M. P. Manning, Geonre T. Morris.
Reception — A. J. Nor, chairman; H. Hauch
D. S. Alnsworth. J. D. Miller. W. W. Thomas'
H. B. Haseltine. A. Demars. S. J Sill, W j'.
Reed. L. Wamke. Finance-— George A. Rus
sell, chairman; George Turn Suden. Pro
gramme — A. Powers, chairman: George A
RusseU.. J.. S. Wix^on. Games— J. L. Wood
worth, chairman: F. G. Elben, Al Fink, M.
li. Dlerasen. C. Hadlen. F. A. Reynolds, R.
Gilxan, J. 8. Crawford. Floor— H. GrifllnK.
chairman: II. Duncan. Jc^in Rooney. II. C.
Jones. Music — L. W'arnke, chairman; G...T.
Morris. Ticket — George Hoffman, chairman*
M. P. Manning. Prlw; — L. W*rnke, .chair
man; G. A. RuseeJi; Gecrge Morris, M. P
Manning, H. 'D. Cushlng, J.G. Reed. Ladles'
Kuecrlng contest — George Morris, chairman; C.
A. James, J. H. Barker. . Members and clerks'
drawing— M. L. Dierspen, chairman; P. N.
Anton. F. J. Greenwood.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11. — The Alameda
County Retail Grocers and Merchants'
Association will hold its first annual
outing Sunday, September 18. at Sun
set Park. .Train leaves foot of Mar
ket street. San Francisco, at 8 o'clock,
stopping at First street and Broadway,
East Oakland, Twenty-third avenue.
San Leandro, Haywards and Niles.
The committee has collected. 500 prizes
for distribution. There will be races
and i?ames, guessing contest, baseball,
dancing and drawing contests for
members and their clerks. Most
careful supervision of the grounds will
be maintained, as it is designed to
make the affair a family one. .
The officers arid the committees are
as follows:. ' '
Sunset I*nrk for Members, Fami
lies and Their Friends.
Association Arranges fop a Day at
"The Holv. Catholic Church'.'.was the
subject of a discourse given' this even-
Ing by the Rev. M. D. Buck at th*
Th I rty-fourth-street Methodist Church.
:*. "The Model . Wife" was the subject
of a sermon this evening by the Rev.
E.E. .Baker, pastor of the First Pres
byterian Church. .
.The annual meeting of the Woman's
Homo j: Missionary "Union , of . Northern
California " will be '-'held at Pilgrim
Congregational Church. Eighth avenue
and East - Fifteenth * streets, oh Tues
day, j opening with a morning session
at 10:30 o'clock. Mrs. J.B. Hume of
Berkeley. Mrs. Tv C. 1 Edwards: of San
Jose, ;Mrsi' E. S. Williams of Saratoga,
Mrs. F. -R. -N.' Clayton and .the Rev.
W. T. Patchell of San Francisco will
deliver' addresses. . .. - .
The Rev. C. II, Hobart. formerly
pastor of the First Baptist Church,
and Mrs. Hobart, are the guests of
¦Mrs. Matilda Brown at 506 Caledonia
avenue. A reception in honor of the
Hobarts will be held Tuesday evening
at the First. Baptist Church, where the
former nastor preached- to-day. Dr.
Hobart la now pastor of the First Bap
tist Church of Pasadena. The Hobarts
are" on their way home from the St.
Louis Fair.
;. The *Bay Association of - Congrrega
tional Churches has called a sessfon for
Tuesday at the Fourth Congregational
Church, Thirty-sixth and Grove streets.
Three delegates from eaoh church will
be. seated. The theme ;wll) be "The
Church in Its Relations to Social Con
ditions." At the afternoon session, at
2:30 o'clock. Professor William F. Ra
der will deliver ; an address on "The
Message of Amos?, the -Preacher of So
cial and Civic Righteousness." J. Stitt
XyilBpn will speak on "The Message of
Socialism to the Church." ."Present
Significant Social and Industrial Ten
dencies" will be discussed by the Rev.
Robert Whitaker. Supper will be served
at 6 o'clock, following a business meet-
Ing of the association. - .
In the evening • the will
hold a song -.service, beginning at 7:45
o'clock, followed by addresses on "The
Relation of the Wage Earner to the
Church, 1 .' .by O. A. Tveltmoe, 4 edltor of
Organized Labor, . and by the Rev. B.
M. .Palmer on "The Relation of the
Church to the Wage Earner." Arthur
Arlett Is- moderator, the Rev. B. M.
Palmer scribe and the Rev. R. I.
Brooks registrar of the association.
Oakland Oflce San Francisco Call,
1016. Broadway, Sept. 11.
OUTING TO BE GIVKN
BY COUNTY GROCERS
Club event. 25 birds— Hoyt 22, Nauman 19,
Forster 23. Gamble, lit. Muniock 21, Jacobnen
14, S'ade 19. Cuneo 15, Halfcht '2u, Payne 19.
Hirschle 15. Lewis 22.' Frankel 17, Holesclaw
17, Stone 19, Decker 21, Daniels '£i. Patrick IS,
Holllnt 23, Walpert lh. Pizani 17. Hution iu.
E Klevesahl 21, Uurfclnd 21. Shields 1». Iver
sen 21. Nickels 12. Ashland 13. H. Klevesahl
13, "-'.' .'. '¦-.-. ' -
Medal event, sixteen yards— Nauman shot
at 27, broke 25: Halght 2U— 20. Daniels 25—23,
Slade 27—21. Daniels 27—22. Forster 28—^2.
Jacobson 28 — 23, Walpert 27 — 1<J, Cuneo 28 — 17.
Frankel 3O— 22. Dr. Payne 27—22. Lewis
26— 1», Hollinc -35—21. Patrick 27—19, Haas
25— IS, M. J. Iverson • 20 — 17, H. Klevesahl
30—20. Murdock 2«— 2TJ, Shields 27— la.
sanl 27—20, Burfelnd, Hutton 27—22. . . .
Kirst-classi tnedal race. 25 birds — Daniels 17,
Iversen 22. Nauman 24. Gamble 21. Shields ID.
Second class. ,23 birds — Jacobsen 19, .Walpert
15, Elade 18. H. P. Jacobson won the medal.
The members of the Union Gun
Club held . their final bluerock shoot
of the season yesterday at . Ingleside
traps. Luncheon was served on the
grounds to celebrate the closing day.
Clarence Nauman, the crack shot,
won the medalin the first class.. This
prize has been contested for by the
gun -men since the season opened in
March. - W. P. Jacobsen won the
honors . in the second class. F. J.
Stone, Al Holesclaw, E. W. Decker of
Fresno and D. S. Hirschle of Vallejo
attended ¦ the shoot.
Nauman Bhot in excellent form. In
two events he succeeded in breaking
forty-nine bluerocks out of fifty-two.
Following are the scores:
UNION GUN CLUB HOLDS
- FINAL SHOOT OP SEASON
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 11.— The ftre in
Big Basin Is now well under control
and the State Park is saved. On.ac
count of false reports going out Park
Commissioner H. F. Kron, who hsrs/|est
returned from Big Basin, makes* ths
following statement: "California Red
wooK Park absolutely safe. Semp#r
vlrens and Governor's camps intact.
Through the heroic work of Warden
Pllkington. with able assistance of ilo-
Abee brothers and I. T. Bloom, at the
most critical moments, ths danger of
burning the Governor's camp ,wa3
averted." .:-'.¦ Z ; T." '
Fire Is Under Control and Governor's
Camp Escapes.
STATE PAl'.K IS SAVED.
Pastors; and Laymen Will
. Talk on Church's delation
Vto Condition of Society
Walter M<x>re. a wealthy resident of
Birmingham. Ala., with a i party of
friends, arrived at the Palace yester
day. ¦ ,-.:,.> ;:-,;;•; -r-\i
Dr. b. M. Taylor, a retired physician
of Washington. D. C, is among the
latest arrivals at the Palace.
AI Ames, a prominent, manufacturer
of Gait, registered yesterday at the
Lick.
Dr. H. D. Hamilton and Dr. W. O.
Iieilly of Montreal are guests at the
Palace.
J. P. Morgenson. proprietor of a hotel
at Los Gatos, Is registered at the Pal
ace. ' • .
Fred W. Swanton of Santa Cruz is at
the Palace-
Captain F. C. Jewell, U. S. A., is at
the Palace.
H. Fraley. a merchant of Reno, is at
the St. Francis.
T. O'Farrell and wife of St. Louis are
at the St. Francis.
Manuel Grerrera. a traveler from
Spain, is at the Palace.
A. C. Snyder. a business man of San
ta Cruz, Is at the Lick.
H. S. Edwards, a capitalist of Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Frannfeller of Canton.
Ohio, are at the Occidental.
J. L. Bry?on. a mining man of May
bert. is registered at the Lick.
F. B. Wilder, a mining man of Chi
huahua, Mexico, is at the Occidental.
PERSONALS.
SOCIOLOGICAL
THEME TAKEN
SCENE AT LAYING OF CORNER
STONE OF FIRST CONGHKGA
•noNAt ciiURcir of alameua.
Mirs Hok Strol*J. Mis* IaiIu Ubhoff. Miss
Anr.a AbrmulW. Mi*s Julia Klnsay. Miss
Allie Marlin, Joseph Prows*. Arthur SugiJen.
H. C. Wehr. n. Haley. Charles Prinectal. Mr.
and Mrs. C. "W. Heyer. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Etrcbel and Mr. and Mr.«. L. J. Htmrnersmith.
HAYWARDS. Sept. 11.— The en
pagement of Miss Lulu UbhofT and
Joseph Prowse has just been an
nounced and the young people are re
ceiving the congratulations of their
friends. The engagement was an
nounced at a party piven at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. C. \V. Keyer. Among
those present were: . '
Enjrascmpnt Is Announced.
Rev. Thornton A. Mills of the Sec
ond Presbyterian . Church, offered
prayer. Rev. Anthony Mills of ths
Unitarian Church ' delivered an ad
dress. Mrs. T. J. "Watkins and Mrs.
Stephen A. Jones read papers on ths
life of deceased and Mrs. Carrie
Stevens Walter recited an original
poem. An eloquent address was given
by John E. Rlchard3, in which he ex
tolled the virtues of Mrs. Smith and
spoke of her many good deads.' .¦.•:
. PAN JOSE, Sept. '11.— Friends and
acquaintances honored the late 'Mrs.
E. O. Smith, who wa3 one ' o'f *th<»
most popular women of this city, at
memorial services at the First Uni
tarian Church this afternoon. Mrs.
Smith was the first president of the
Woman's Club. It was under this or
ganization the exercises were 'h-Id.
Especially fine music was rendered.
Jose to Honor Memory of
Good Woman.
Impressive Ceremony Is Meld in San
MEMORIAL SERVICE TO *
LATE MRS. -SMITH
The new edifice Js half completed
and when finished' will be one ot the
most attractive in' .Alameda. > it will
cost $35,000, most, of which has al
ready been subscribed. . -. ~ s f
The services closed with,. the. bene
diction, pronounced-: byK.'»«the .. R*v.'
George Morris, who founded the First
Congregational Church twenty-six
years ago- - '¦'¦ •¦'¦'-..• ¦•¦*> .--.;•
ALAMEDA, fiept. ',11.— Ceremonies
simple but impresslre attended- the
laying of tlve cornerstone of the new
First Congregational" Church at/Cen
tral 'ftvCnue and" 'Chestnut .street this
afternoon. Rev. L. Potter Hitchcock,
the ' pas\"or, ~ 'directed ' ' the' 5 exercises,
which Were witnessed by -a ¦ large as
semblage. Rev. Oilman Parker of
the First Baptist Church opened with
a* reading .from Scripture and was fol
lowed by Rev. PhiUfc C. Fletcher of
the Union Streejt -Methb.dist : Chiirch
gfoutti, '• wbo offered prayer; " R>v.-I;
C.' Meserve of tjtie—PrymdUth 'Congre
gational Church' -pt- San Frsmitaco 'de
livered'the "se.rmdn. of 'the occasion,
saying' in part: .. ; \' ,,;¦.''*"-'¦-"
.It is an imwYtJint artU re'spoiwib'.e TJtriiertak"
ingr •»<> bu;td ar.d oecuiiy a hcnse< of worship
and to carry <rtr the. work Of God as It .should
b» ctinducu-Jv ; To. b« Jastir.p. a church iyu«;t
have a secure er.J staler foundation, wejl laM
and constructed of tli»- richf materials":' • Tn!»
applies to- the -spiritual -church -as well as to
the buiidlns. • - - •- • • ¦ . • -,
The foundation of the spiritual church Is
composed ol three esfcentlals-^the Word of God,
Jesus Christ and Urothrrhcod. The Bible, the
Word of Gcd Is the one and only book for
Christians. ?* Many ¦-•books have: b*en • wflttf-n
about it and ma a.v more< w!4l be. written, but
th»>. Elb'.t like Mount -Shasta, -which points
ever to ' heaven, •neve'r' changes. • Our fore
fathers umeraily referred to It as the Word of
God, btcauwj they firmly believed In It. That
designation is tun so . comnymly . used nowa
days, and e^me, I am sorry to say, do not re
gard it ?¦ authoritative. It is a r'ty that such
a rreat mind as that of the late i Herbert.- Spen
cer n»ver appreciated •¦ the -Word of God, but
exit-ted in a. state bordering on. Infidelity. If a
mari thinks of nothing, but machinery arid ma
terial belnss he . will -become, somewhat ¦ me
chanical and materialistic But we miKht ai«
w*ll. try to reason ourselves away as to.at
tempt to rpason Go<] away. The Word of God
tells us about Gc3 -am! is' *ah Important part'Of
the foundation of cur faith. • ' '. ¦
Brotherhood is another strong; element, .of
Christianity and v,-e have had a splendid eje
empllticatlun of it hereabouts during the last
ten «iavfi. when a' powerful fraternity met. In
conclave, in San Francisco. The .Inslenla of
that society Is the cross and the crown, em
blem* of Christianity. It Is rare that a society
gets higher than .the motives wnlch called: It
into h<t inc. Are 'we Christians for Jiy or com
fort? There is BomethinR-ln it'bVtter- still. It
is the privilege. every .ChriHtiap- has of taking
up the cress "of Chrift iinA carrying It with
him. The best brolfccrhood is that' which flnds
Its iource in iymnathy. Whei) we have such
fellowship in our s'oulw and Iri pur churththen
we have a Taith nnfl'a church that ¦wHMIve. ¦-.
It I* said that this year, with Bryan
and free silver out of the campaign,
the Democrats are again unanimous.
This statement, however, is contradict
ed by some of the radical among the
party. There are many Bryan Demo
crats in Maine and the name of Parker
has caused no enthusiasm among them.
It may btf fair to assume that many of
the Democrats will now take occasion
tc- retaliate upon the gold Democrats
who forsook Bryan and this year either
remain away from the polls, or else
vote the Republican ticket.
In the campaign just closed the na
tional issues have occupied a minor
place. From one end of the State to
the other there has, been discussion of
various local Issues. . If. the vote to
morrow should be entirely on national
issues It Is believed that Maine would
show a plurality of 25,000 or 30,000 for
Roosevelt. With State issues and local
contests involved it Is difficult to esti
mate what plurality William T. .Cobb.
the Republican candidate for Governor,
will get. He expects not less than 15.
000 plurality.
Representative Burlelgh said that he
believes that the plurality will be from
12,000 to 15.000. Representative Powers
places the figures at from 15,000 to 18,
000. The Republican State Committee
believes that Representative Powers'
flgures will be realized. .
George E. Hughes, the Democratic
member of the national committee, be
lieves the Republican plurality is to be
largely reduced and he would not be
surprised, he says, if the figures fell
below 5000."
AUGUSTA. Me. Sept. 11.— The Maine
State election tukes place to-morrow.
The campaign has been hard fought
by both sides and it is expected a large
total vote will be polled.
Politicians of both parties agree that
the Republican majority will not be so
large as it was in recent years. A dif
ference of opinion, however; exists as
to which electic/n should be used for
comparison with the present one. The
Republicans Insist that the only true
basis- for comparison Is the vote of 183£.
fpr it was in that campaign.- that the
Maine .Democrats- were unanimous? in
$tn.tiinent. . That*. year ; , Henry *¦ B.
Cleaves, the Republican candidate for
Governor, received a plurality of 12,
503w ¦•¦•- ae- • ¦ ¦ ¦ ' V 1
Special Dispatch to The Call
Politicians of Both Parties
A^ree That the Republican
Plurality Will Be Reduced
HAYWARDS, Sept. 11.— The Su
preme Council of the I. D. E. S... a
Portuguese fraternal organization, of
California, will convene at Haywards
to-morrow morning- for its twelfth an
nual session, which will continue until
Friday evening. It is. expected that
fully 1000 people will visit H&ywards
during the session and many of the
delegates have already arrived.
The session will open to-morrow
morning with a solemn high mass at
AH Saints' Church, with the Rev.
Father L.aJly as celebrant. Imme
diately after the mags Father Governo
of " Centervllle will deliver a special
sermon, after wfrich jthe^day will be
spent, in ... fraternal.' visits.*;. On Tues : :
day the first"' session of tHe Supreme
Council ">'ill 'be' held, anh reports.'. 6 J
officers will.be submitted. OnWednes,
day will come h grand parade, and
barbeeuv. Thursday will be. devoted
to the second session of the Supreme
Council, and on Friday officers will bo
elected. ' - - .-.'•:..
The full name of the organization is»
the Irmandade v do Divlno . Epirito
Santo, which translated means tha
spirit of the Holy GhosL The order
was organized more than twenty year3
ago and now comprises sixty-two
councils, with more than 4000 mem
bers. .: , ; . ¦¦ ¦¦•'•¦¦
:- Following are j the officers of the
Supreme Council:
Supreme officers — P»»t president. T. F." An
tonio; president. F. J. -Rose; vice preddent. J.
V. Deu>: secretary. P. CJ< Leonardo; treasurer,
M. F. Sllva; financial secretary, M. C. Sar
mento: nmrfhal, J. C. Plmental; surgeon. Dr.
J. ». Cabral.
Supreme <ilrector» — A. F. Cunha. ¦ J. Valla
dao, J. C. Silvelra. A. O. Pinho. M. Hena», A.
11. Souza, A. F. Nunes.
Finance committee — A. O. Perry and George
S. Ohvelra.
Members of advisory board — M. &. Pelsoto
and J. F. Freltas.
Supreme Council of Portu
guese Fraternal Order Con
venes at Town of Haywards
It was discovered that the cause or
the explosion was firecrackers, ths
label attached to which showed the
outrage to be the work of a fanatical
adh«r<»nt of the la'.e John Kensil. the
anti-ritualistic crusader. The culprit
escaped.
I,ONDON. Sept. 11. — A singular
affair took place in Westminster
Abhey .to-day. In the middle of the
morning services a series of loud ex
plosions came from the North Tran
sept and started the kneelrng con
gregation to its feet and causlne an
almost dangprous rush for tha doors.
The P.ev. Canon Duckworth succeeded
in reassuring the people and in pre
venting a panic.
Fanatic Almost Causes a Panic Dur
inc Mornins Services at West
niinstpr Abbey.
FIRECRACKERS DISTURB
CONGREGATION' AT FRA.YEK
DOUBT ABOUT
MAINE'S VOTE
SOLEMN MASS
OPENS SESSION
The design of the natives was to
murder all the whites, but thU was
frustrated. - - .-
BRISBANE. Queensland, Sept- 11. —
News has been received from Germaa
New Guinea saying that natives
tacked the Catholic mission and'ftiiir
dered Fathers Raschen and Ruttar.
Brothers Bley. Plarshaert and ScheUe
ken3 and Sisters Sofia, Agatha, Annie.
Agnes and Angella. • :;»
Thirty-sir natives were captured
and sixteen of them vrere executed for
the crime.
Sixteen of the HiiriyfSix
Culprits Captured Are' Ex
ecuted for Heinous Crime
MUEDEREKS PUNISHED
Attack Mission in German
New Guinea and Kill Ten
Priests, Brothers and Nuns
The E. P. Vandercook Company has
just opened a large tract of land on
Piedmont Heights. The tract is situ
ated in an ideal residence district, be
ing within a short distance of two lines
of street cars. '<
On the same evening the Northwest
Oakland Improvement Club held a large
and enthusiastic "bond meeting. The
speakers were Councilman EHiottTPro
fessor L^ £>. Inskeep. Edwf a "Stearns,
Charles Descormes, Edwin ' Sutherland
and P. Herbv. Both these ' organiza
tions indorsed the proposed issue of im
provement bonds. "' *
The Independence Square . Improve
ment Club of East Oakland held' an en
thusiastic bond rally on Friday even->
ing, and after an animated discussion
of the proposed issue adopted resolu
tions fully Indorsing every item and
pledging the members of the club to
vote for the same and to use every ef
fort to insure the succes3 of the propo
sition. This club will hold another bond
rally on Friday. September 16.
The Fruitvale Board of Trade has
had 5000 cards printed which briefly de
scribe the advantages of Fruitvale as a
residence district. Half these cards
have been distributed among the visit
ors at the Knights Templar conclave in
San Francisco.
The, officers and directors of .the
Union Savings Bank are: William . G.
Henshaw, president; . Charles T. Ro
dolph, vice president; A. E. H. Cramer,
cashier; board of directors— William
G. Henshaw, Thomas Prather, Charles
T. Rcdolph. C. E. Palmer, R. S. Far
relly, Thomas Crellin, H. W. Meek,
Henry A. Butters. C. H. King, George E.
Grant, Shelby F. Martin.
That the proposal to issue bonds for
the improvement and adornment of
Oakland is an all absorbing topic of in
terest among public spirited citizens of
the community has been proved by the
fact. that although the past week has,
been as a holiday period three bond
meetings have been held by local im
provement organizations in widely sep
arated sections of the city.
The Piedmont District Improvement
Club held its first bond rally last Tues
day evening. The meeting was well at
tended in spite of the fact that thou
sands from this city were absent In San
Francisco. The meeting was addressed
by Supervisor. H. D. Rowe, Judge E. M.
Gibson. P. M. Fisher and the Rev.
Miles B. Fisher. . • >
The butWing occupies a ground space
of 50x100 feet, and the banking room
on the ground floor is 70x37 feet In size.
All of the office furniture is of polished
hard wood, finished in burnished brass
work.
A special feature is the lunch room
for employes of the bank. : This is on
the mezzanine floor and is reached, by
a staircase at one side of the vaults. It
is furnished entirely in mahogany, and
adjoining it are the kitchen and the
locker room, where each attache of the
bank has a separate locker for the
safekeeping of his personal property.
The new building is eleven stories in
height, by far the tallest structure in
this city, and is constructed of steel,
stone and brick, being absolutely fire
proof throughout. The fire and bur
glar oroof vaults are of the most mod
ern construction.
The Union Savings Bank has taken
possession of {he offices In the "sky
scraper" at Broadway and Thirteenth
street, and the institution now rejoices
in the most elegantly appointed place
of business in this citv. The building
was projected by William G. Henshaw,
president of the bank, and the plans
for the structure were , prepared by
Architect Waiter J. Matthews of Oak
land.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1015 Broadway, Sept. 1L
Young Spencer had been trying to
climb on one of the cars when he
slipped and fell under . the wheels.
The boy managed to cling to a hand
rail and save his body from being
crushed, but his efforts did not avail
to save his life. The shock from the
accident and from the operation was
too severe ,and the injured youth did
not rally.
Spencer was the eldest of- seven
children. He attended a public school
and -was a newspaper carrier. His
father, a miner, is absent from home.
Mrs. Spencer is prostrated. The boy
lived at 122S Filbert street.
Stephen Spencer, 15- years old,- died
at'7 o'clock, this mornins at 'the Re
ceiving Hospital from- -the -effects of
injuries sustained yesterday, when he
was run . over by one of Ringling
Brothers' circus trains at the Six
teenth-street station. The boy's left
leg was crushed so badly that ampu
tation was necessary.
Oakland Office. San.;. Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept. '11.
Monday — Scj'fcomore election. North Hall, 0
u m. :.< 4 ; . ir.. Committee on graduate
.- .-. .arsh:; £. 15 South Hall. 2 p. m. Com
mittee on admissions of graduate ccuncil. ' 15
South Hall. 4 p. m. Glee Club, rehearsal.
tttfUm Hall. S p. m. Afcsoctated graduate stu
.;-:,-.- reception. Hearst Hall, h p. m., all
graduate students of the university Invited.
Tuesday — Board of regents, meetinc, Mark
HotkiriS Institute, Sar» Francisco. , '2 p. m.
iMrgrt-e committee of the philosophical division
of the graduate council, 13 South Hail, 4
A>. m. Y. W. «_\ A., Stiles Hall, 4:15 p. m.
Y M. C. A., ceml-annual association meeting,
feliles Hall, 7:15 p. ra. University Orchestra,
Stiles Hall. & p. m. Students' congress, debate,
1» North Hall, ts p. in. — Question. "Rfsolved,
that President RoceeveK'tf action in twisting
upon the open shep pcKcy in Government em
ployment was justifiable: affirmative — Bohnett
•trS, Turner 'OS. 1. u. -;: -f7; negatlvt — Griffiths
"U6. Hadsell "CC, Andrews '06. Senate, debate.
Hx.Het Hall, S p. m. — Question. ••Resolved, that
the California compulsory vaccination school
law fehou'.d l*e repealed; affirmative — J. L.
Harris '06, \V. Barstow '05; negative — B. It.
\Va!ker 06, E. D. White 05.
\\><5ne*day — lx-gree committee of the scien
tific division of the graduate council. 14 South
Hull. 11 a. m. Weekly bleacher rally, fuot
ba!I bleacher*. 4 p. m. Graduate council. 13
South Hall, 4 p. m. O>e Club, rehearsal.
KUI*>s Hall, S> p. m.
Thursday — Freshman class, meeting, Harmon
Gymnasium. 11 a. m.. permanent class cr
¦„¦¦ :. iuTi r.. Women's Mandolin and Guitar
Club, rehearsal. Sti!es Hall. 5 p. m. Y. M.
«: A., leader E. Cariton Belter 'O5, Stiles Hall.
5:05 p. m. ; subject. "Warfare." Senior rln%-
Jnx. North Hall stejm. •::{•) p. m. Mandolin,
»*njo and guitar clubs, rehearsal. Stiles Hall,
7:2<» n. m.
Friday — Glee Club, rehearsal. Harmon Gym
nasium. 11 a. m. University meeting-. Har
ir.cn Oymnasium. 11 a. m. The speakers will
)<* Wiiliam Kent of Chicago and Professor
Thomas K. Bacon. All other university exer
cises will be sur;>ended during this hour. Re
eri'tlon to the class cf 11*08 by the T. M.
C. A. and T. W. C. A.. Etilea Hall, 8 p. m..
¦foy invitation.
Sunday — German lecture by Rev. M. On
uerth, <5 Stiles Hall <Dana-Ftre«t entrance). 11
a. m. These lecture* will be delivered in Ger
man and will be of a religious character. The
pf-ries will be continued indefinitely every Sun
day morning. Open to the public. A half
hour cf rauilc by the University Orchestra.
Greek Theater, 5 p. m. . The lower entrances
will be clo«td durinsr the rendition of the pro
rrtffime. Or>en to the public. -,*..¦¦ -
Besides this lecture there will be va
rious other functions for the week, the
calendar containing the following offi
cial anouncements:
Alden Sampson, recently game pre-
Eerve expert in the United States Geo
lcgical Survey and secretary of the
Boone and Crockett Club, will give an
illustrated lecture on Monday evening,
September 19, in Hearst Hall on "The
Life of the Forest." The lecture will be
illustrated* with a series of colored
Etereopticon views, the reward of a
journey through the United States for
est reserves in California and Washing
ton. Mr. Sampson has aroused much
interest in his suggestion of a series of
game preserves.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2KS Center Street, Sept. 11.
The university will soon be in a way
to fight its own fires. It is about to
come out In a full fledged flre fighting
equipment. There will be a well
equipped student fire brigade.
The fire brigade consists of eight stu
dents banded together under the name
of the Pyro Club. A cottage is fur
nished them on the university grounds.
the free rent of the building being
ayment for their services. Occasion
ally drills are held, when the student
firemen get around with surprising cel
erity. Plans have been drawn for a
firehouse and a contract will be let
for its construction. A3 soon as the
building is completed it will be furnish
ed with one piece of apparatus, a hose
wagon, equipped with much hose. It
will be a rubber-tired arrangement, so
.that the firemen can pull it up and
down hhl without straining themselves,
there being no horses for the work. In
time it is expected that the universi
ty will have a regularly organized flre
department, with steam fire engines,
horses, hose wagons and chemical en
gines and hook and .ladders.
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call
214S Center street, Sept. 11.
NATIVES SLAY
MISSIONARIES
Architect Designs Plans for
Building to House Its
Men and ..the Apparatus
Three Improvement Organ
izations Hold Big Rallies
During the Holiday Week
Amputation: Fails to'Save the
; Life of the. Youth Who
Was; Jlurt .at,.: His.. Play
Calendar for the Week In
dicates Busy Time for
People of University
TO TALK ON WILD LIFE
CLUBS INDORSE. BONDS
NO RALLY FROM SHOCK
PYRO CLUB IS TRAINING
Stephen £>i>encer Dies From
•'Effect. Under
: AVheeis s if a Circus Train
University Organizes De
partment for Purpose of
Saving Valuable Property
mination of the Quarry
A Men Sampson Suggests
Wav to Prevent Exter-
Union Savings Bank Now
Occupies. Elegant Offices
in 3Iodern. Building
BOY'S INJURY
PROVES FATAL
EQUIP STUDENTS
TO FIGHT FIRE
NEW QUARTERS
IN SKYSCRAPER
HOPES TO SAVE
GAME ANIMALS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CORNERSTONE IS LAID
WITH SOLEMN SERVICES
New House of Worship f or/ 1 the Rirst Con
gregational Church of Alameda rls -Begun
r . With"" Simple but Impressive Ceremony!
. .:••-.¦,..--¦'-,-.¦¦¦¦..•.•••'•¦¦••¦¦-¦-¦.'.¦ - ¦- - ¦-•'isim^h!mm(^iSw*mmims^m
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. SEPTEMBER .12, 1904.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' : ....
ECZEMA
sufferers, read what
and GLYCOZONE have done lor a '
celebrated journalist in on* week.
Frcf. Ch»r!es Vuchac-1. V .
Pear Sir: One «-*«k'» tr-it-nent wirt y tu. Hydro. "
ioao »n<» Gljrtoioiw not «n!» MU««ed b«t ab»oJm»!y
tootetfout «comlitioiio(««n»ihath« worried an.l .
perplexed me fc» Jh« p**t tea j-mii. Youit ttr.-i«:v ' :
Jo»e?h Il"»ir1. Jr.. xy, N» ifc i U s t .. N.Y , : ' ...
Free trial bottles of Hydrozohe ant) '
Glycoiono sent on receipt of 33c lo pay '
expressage. ThesepreparatioasaT« hatm-'
jess, yet powerful jrermkules. used by lead- 1
inj physicians. Site *bjt best drugj;iu^, '
6 1 -O Prtneo S V Now Y»tV.
Se*df<trbootUtke»U>prcT<ntawie*r*«Mmn,
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN -SV
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKL.\:.*D.
10.10 Broadway.
Telethon* 3Iain 1QSX-^
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Strert- :
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1433 Park Street. .
Telephono Alameda 559.'. To-day opens the new cloak and suit
house known as The Leader, "62 Market
street.' formerly ..Baron's place. . A ¦¦= fln«
line of : goods Just' arrived v. from ;New
York. The 'Leader extends an Invitation
to the public. Low prices, stylish goods
and good treatment : is ' the , motto ! of T' ~
Leader, 762 'Market streeL -' • -: * "•
New Cloak and i Suit Houso Opens.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 11. — The attend
ance . at - the : World's . Fair, during: the
past week broke all records 'since the
opening:. There were: 874,854 •admis
sions,: being: almost 100,000 more'than
on any ."previous . six days.' : Labor day
had an attendance of 209,622, the larg
est single* day's attendance.
Grmvlns: Attendance at the Fair.
NASSAU, N. P.. Sept. 11. —^The
American bark James A. Wright. Cap
tain Boeman, from Philadelphia Aug
ust 18. with a. cargo. of crude petro
leum for Havre, is ashore on Harbor
Island. She probably will be towed
here.
American Bark Ashore.
California Souvenirs.
"Scenic .Treasures of California." a
beautiful souvenir book of California, for
76 cents; . others for'- less and some- for
more. Orange, redwood and other good
souvenir novelties at lowest prices. Snn
born. Vail& Co.. 741 Market street. •
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
»teemer». etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 85 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. - 30S Taylor st.. r,50 Market
st Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 48*
Notice to Passengers.
BUENOS AYRES. Sept. 11. — A fur
ther heavy engagement between the
insurgents and the troops of the Gov
ernment, '. In which the latter ara re
ported. to have been defeated, is said
to have occurred in Uruguay.
Negotiations between the Para
guayan Government and the revolu
tionists there are still proceeding.
REBfelSAXD GOVERNMENT
TROOPS IN FIERCE BATTLE
BALTIMORE, Md., ' Sept. 11. —
Though the national convention of the
Fraternal Order of Eagles will not be
formally opened until Tuesday morn
ing, the localcelebratlon of the event
has already begun. The business
streets of the city were brilliantly, illu
minated to-night with elaborate elec
trical displays and the numerous dele
gates already here were entertained by
the Baltimore lodge. • ;
Oriole City Dons Holiday Dress in
Honor of the Coniinjc of
':^s' the Lodffcmen.
BALTIMORE WELCOMES
¦'.-' GRAND AERIE OF EAGLES
LONDON, Sept.' 11. — King Edward
has telegraphed his congratulations to
the officers of the -Antarctic British
expedition steamship Discovery, which
arrived at Plymouth yesterday. His
Majesty has ordered that a new medal
be instituted for Polar service .and
granted to all the officers and mem
bers of the crew. Captain R."S. Scott,
commander of the Discovery, has been
promoted to the rank of a captain in
the royal navy. . . . .
British Shin and. Orders
Special Decoration.
King Edward- Congratulates Crew of
MEDALS FOR HARDY MEN
WHO SAEL POLAR SEAS
I found that the navy and its splendid ma
terial did not. as far as the officers of the
corps were concerned, quite have a. feeling of
absolute dependence upon the person of the
supreme war ; lord. . It could not. Indeed be
otherwise, • In view ' of the historical military
and political development of our forces, and a-
I look at It to-day I feel mat I have suc
cessful In every respect. The officers' corps
of the navy Is my officers' corps, and Its mem
bers become my officers and my comrades. It
Is owing to thai attainment of this clcse and
Intimate connection, .which is similar to that
which for centuries part has existed between
the officers' corps of the army and Its King,
that It has become possible to entrust great
achievements to them,' for It in also true In
this case that "the letter kllleth. but the
eplrlt glveth life."
BRUNSBUETTELKOOG, Sept. 11.
— Emperor William was present at a
dinner on board the training ship
Mars, the occasion being an inspection
of the vessel. Admiral Koester, in
proposing the health of his Majesty,
expressed the gratitude of the German
navy toward the Emperor, "the ener
getic and always solicitous founder of
a flourishing and ever-growing fight
ing fleet" The Emperor replied:
The words your Excellency has just ad
dressed , to me on behalf of the active fleet
have deeply moved me. and It Is with Joyful
assent and from the bottom of my heart that
I reply that the navy and my fighting- fleet are
l>crmeated- with the. spirit with which I wish
to see them Imbued, and an regards the rela
tions of th» officers of my navy to myself, that
end has been attained which I set before my
self when I come Jo the throne.
SCHWERIN, Mecklenburg. Sept.- 11.
—Emperor. William andi Empress Au
gusta Victoria- arrivedjjiere this even
ing, accompanied **by ! *Crown 'Prince
Frederick William and his betrothed,
the Duchess Cecelia < of) Mecklenburg-
Schwerin. The city, - was lavishly
decorated and; the royal party was
given an enthusiastic reception by the
populace... ". . . .
At the state dinner! at the castle the
Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin,
in a short speech, welcomed his
guests. The Emperor, in his reply,
expressed great Joy, at the betrothal of
the Crown Prince and the Duchess,
and said that the latter would be re
ceived with open arms and. honored by
the Imperial house. He concluded by
proposing the health of the Grand
Duke.
Kaiser Informs Father of
Duchess Cecelia That She
Will Be Warmly deceived
PEORIA, 111., Sept.* 11.— Irving Pot
ter, aged 13 .months,- to-day' survived
a perilous ride of ; ten ; miles behind a
frightened thorse. ; The j baby's 'parents
drove to Keller, station, and when the
father: was assisting .his wife to alight
the 'horse started. • No oneL'/was in the
buggybut' the' baby.' a ten-mile
run the frightened horse turned the
vehicle Into a' ravine. The buggy
formed 1 a - covering* for the child and
when the father -reached the scene he
was found uninjured.;
Rides for Ten Miles Behind Frightened
Horse ami Is .uninjured
. . '.by Upset. . ¦
INFANT ESCAPES DEATH
--» IN -MIRACULOUS MANNER
EXPRESSES JOY
AT BETROTHAL
. In the course of time their engage
ment was formally announced, .but' for
some reason that was never explained
it was broken off. It has been suggest
ed that the good Bishop came ' to the
conclusion that . the life of arduous
labor, he had mapped out for himself
allowed scant room ' for domestic bliss
and if called on to sacrifice one or the
other the church had the superior claim
upon him. 'As? regards Lady Ulrica,; it
has. been hinted that devout and kind
hearted though she undoubtedly is, she
discovered that she. yearned for some
thing different fronvthe life of a min
istering angel of the slums. The Bishop
is still single and likely^ to continue so.
It was in India, as the guest of Lord
and Lady Curzon, that Lady -Ulrica
met her future husband, who was then
on the viceroy's staff as: military sec
retary- The soldier : on .whom she • has
bestowed the*., place in her affections
that, was once held by the Bishop, is a
good one.- Though not yet forty he saw
a deal of service in; the Soudan, taking
part In .- the fighting at Atbara . and
Khartoum ; and . winning a .brevet ma
jority and' two "mentions." Now he is
lieutenant colonel ' of that I crack • regi
ment, the Tenth Hussars— the ""Don't
Dance Tenth." He is distinguished for
his sound sense ; and practical ability
as well as pluck.
It is said that they • wore gauze
veils to escape freckles,, bathed their
faces in dew in the early morning, had
stated. hours. for exercise arid rest dur
ing the day, and that their food waa
carefully selected, weighed and meas
ured in' accordance with directions
given by an eminent physician, that
they might attain beauty of* form and
perfection, of coloring.
• This sort of training alone might
have produced vain and frivolous but
terflies of fashion, but their studies
were planned with equal care. . In the
case of Lady Ulrica, who was by na
ture the most serious min/led and in
tellectual of the four, this was at
tended with the happiest results.
After a course of home education she
went to Glrton College, Cambridge,
where she remained for two years.
Later on, of her own volition, . she
took up the career of nursing and fol
lowed the example of Lady Griselda
Cheap (then Lady Griselda Ogilvy)
by qualifying in a- hospital as a fully
trained nurse. She made practical
use of the knowledge thus acquired
among, the poor of the East End.
. It was while engaged In this good
work that she met the present Bishop
of London, who, as Bishop of Stepney,
one of the most poverty-stricken bor
oughs of London, was then ardently
devoting himself to Christian and phi
lanthropic work among the slum
dwellers under his charge.
CHURCH COMES BETWEEN.
- LONDON.-Sept.- ll.-r-Few. .. engage)
; menta this year have awakened great-
J er interest; in"so"ciety than'that -of
i Colonel; Everard Baring, brother of
i Lord Revelstoke, and , Lady Ulrica
• Duncombe,- the, youngest daughter of
i Lord and Lady. Feversham, which has
j Just been announced. -"• For some years
| the bride-elect has been regarded as
i the' ha'ndsomesfurimarried" woman fin
aristocratic circles and keen has been
I the speculation as' to', who would be
'the lucky) man ' to , ; win ' her. >As a
{ 'specimen,;, therefore, of what is con
i sidered the highest 'type of patrician
beauty in%England,^ her photograph,
which.. is here" reproduced, ' will be
scrutinized " with unusual interest in
America. • But the Tich coloring^ of 'the
complexion and the. deep blue .of her
earnest eyes are 'charms that cannot
be depicted by the camera. .
Her beauty . Is an • inheritance \ from
her mother, and her three elder sis
ters .are all v -, unusually .handsome
women. Curious stories are told of the
careful, manner in- which Lady Fever
sham cultivated the childish charms
of her quartet of lovely : daughters.
I m BATHED IN MORNING DEW.
LADY ULRICA DUNCOMBE. DAUGHTER OF -LORD" AND LADY FAVERSHAM.
AND A FAMOUS ENGLISH BEAUTY, . THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHO8E
ENGAGEMENT HAS AROUSED .THE ARISTOCRACY' OF. BRITAIN. ,»,-..
Ferguson refused to accuse her. Both
lived at- the hotel and the shooting oc
curred In the woman's. room."
She alleges that Ferguson attacked
her; -that -she pointed the -revolver at
him to frighten him, and that during
a scuffle the revolver was discharged.
NEW -YORK, Sept. 11.— Warren J..
Ferguson, 38 years old, a theatrical ad
vance agent, is dying' from a bullet
wound received during a quarrel to-day
in theMetropolitan Hotel, on Broadway,
and a , young woman who .gave her
name as Mrs. Gertrude Roberts, though
acknowledging it to be fictitious. Is un
der arrest and, admits that she did the
shooting. - _ ... .- . .V-.-.- -
Theatrical Advance Agent Is Shot by
Female Guest or Gotham
Hotel.
WILL DIE FROM WOUND"
INFLICTED BY A WOMAN*
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 11.— Lost on
the plain* of South Dakota, Governor
Winfleld T. Durbin spent three days
and two nights' In the open, without any
food except two small sandwiches.
When found by Indian scouts, who had
been impressed by. his friends, he was
nearly starved. News of , the occurrence
has Just been received here. His com
panions thought it best not to advise
the Durbin family of the affair until the
result of their search was known.
The Governor is camping with a par
ty on the plains. He mounted his horse
and set out for a ride. He underesti
mated the speed at which he was trav
eling, and when he sought . to' return
the camp was not. In sight and no fa
miliar object was' in view..
.' He had taken no account of the di
rection Jn which his horse had traveled,
and after, wandering about for several
hours was forced to camp out alone for
the night. : . Thinking his friends would
start a search for, him and fearing that
he would get farther away from the
campi he remained a,t the place where
he had tethered ' his horse until late
next, day, but none, of his friends ap
pejaxed,'and again he tried x to reach the
camp. '-Night overtook' kinv and he was
forced to remain in the open a second
night, v / ''¦-¦. • -' , V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Eiwell was very deaf and it is
probable that her companion, who was
driving, dfd not see or hear the ap
proaching train until it was too late.
Witnesses say that the engineer
sounded no warning signal when ap
proaching the crossing.
Mrs. Eiwell had been a resident of
Sutter County for many years and was
woll known in this city, where her hus
band has been in business up to the
last few months. Schlesser. a relative
of the woman, is a painter by trade
and resides on D street, near Seventh.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 11.— Mrs. James
P. El well, wife of the ex-Sheriff of
Sutter County, was instantly killed and
William Sehlesser fatally injured this
afternoon by the southbound Chico-and
Marysville train. In crossing the track
the buggy was demolished and tHe
occupants were fearfully mangled. Mrs.
Eiwell died before medical aid reached
her and Schlesser's recovery is doubt
ful.
Spc-olal Dispatch to The Call
Executive Takes E ide, Loses
His Way and Is Forced to
Spend Two Nights in Open
Couple Attempt to Cross Rail
road Track Wlien Locomo
tive Demolishes Vehicle
IS -^OUNI): BY; INDIANS
XO WAKXIXa IS GIVEN
Governor Durbin of f Indiana
Has Harrowing Experience
While Out With Campers
JJarysvillc Train .Strikes
Buggy and Wife of Former
Sheriff Meets Her Death
Handsome. .Bride-tb-Bs of a Gallant British;Soldier_Con
sidered by the Aristocracy of Edward's Isle the Highest
Type of Patrician Beauty in Kingdom of Great Bitain
WOMAN KILLED;
MAN INJURED
LOST FOR DAYS
ON THE PLAINS
LOVELIEST OF ENGLISH
MAIDENS IS LADY ULRICA
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALI- MONDAY; SEPTEMBER. -12,, 1904:
5
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
•^^~ajf**S. Train* leave and arn da*
XC^-rrn>^N. io»rriT*'<at
UUi^^zjSAN FRANCISCO.
\«V""T|=5""7c// Faoii Jcit It. l!»0*
N^?*"* V^ Fra«y Vrror
+^S (Toot of. Market Street >
.*¦¦»»«- mainTlTne. -«^tvt
7X0a V»c»rlilf, Wlniera. Kb timer 1 50»
-_.PD* Benlcla, Klmtra and Saeramrnto . 7.20»>
7J5OA X'allejo. Naps, Calistnca, 6«nU
Uoaa. Vart!*j«;z. Ban Kamon S ?0p ;
/^3a N'tiet. Tracy. Lathrop. sr«ck:on.... 7 20»»
r.CCA tJ^*ta Express— <Vta I»svi«,.
Williams (for Uartleu &nrlna:ii>.
.Wmewa Trcto. Ked Blat
Tortlaod. Tacoma, sca::> 7-50*>
C-OOa Darts. Woodland. K n!c!n t l.andlnc
MarysTlIle, Chlco. Ororllle 7-5CP
f-SCAPon Costa, Martinez. Antlorh.
Brroa. Tracy. Stockton, New-
man. Lo* Banua. Mendota.
irmoBi. Ilacford. Vlsaila,
Port*rrttle 4.20^ I
9 -30a Tort Coot*. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Gotnrn Junction. Han-
fnrd. Vlfalla. nak«rs:ield 4. SOP
(¦SOA Kites. San Jose. Llverroore. Stock-
t»n. <? Milton). lone. Sacramento.
MarysTlII*. Chlco. U.-d Rlu3 .... 4.20i»
t .ZO* Oakdale. Cblnnse. Jamestown. So-
oora. Tnolnmne aod Angels 4.20P
9XS0*. Atlantic Express— Ogdcn «nd East. &20p
8-JO* Blrhmond. Martinez . and Way
Stations G SOP
1C-CCATSi<- Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Onaba. Chicago, Deliver, Kansas
City. tt. Louli 6 20p>
IOCDa Va:>jo 12.20l»
10-OOA Lo« Anreles Pojcenger — Tort
Costa. Martinez, nyron, Tracy.
l.stbror. Stockton. Merced,
Karmond. Fre»no. G»*bcn Junc-
tion. HanforJ. Lemoorr, Vlsalla.
Bukertflrld. Ia>» Anceles 7.20p
1J.CC« Earward. Mies an<1 War Mailons. 3.20P
tl-O"P Sacramento Blrer Steamers 111. OOP
3-SCp Beolcla. Kictera. Eacramecto.
Uoo<lland, WUIowk. Knlrbls
Landing. MarysrlUe. OroTlll«
and way stations 10 50a
83C*> Bayward. Sllrs and TTar Stations.. 7-&0P
4XtflPMartlnez.SRnUauion.Va21eJo.Kapa,
Cailstor*. Santa I!o»a : 9 20a
4*0p Klles. Tracv. Stocktun. Lodl 4.20p
4£Dp Ilsrward. Mies. Irrlngton, 6ant 18.50a
Jose. LIvennore. j 111.60a
6-CCPTce uwl Wmlted— Ne«rm«n. Los
I'. «n os. M^ndoia. Fresno. Tulare,
Baicer«field.LuaAaf;eles 8-B0a
1»-O0a» Hayward. Mies and tan Jose 7.23a
COOp Uarward. K lies and San Jove 350a
C42OP£astetB Express— Orden. Omaha,
Chlraco. Decrer. Eanoas City.
St. Louis, t ,» Manlnez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Ueno 12 BOp
¦ .OOp Vallejo. daily, except Sunday... . I . cn _
JCaP Vallejo, Sunday «n!y .....( 760P
7X»p l.i rh mfit, i'.. ban Palilo. Port Costa,
Martinez aud ITay btatlons 11.20a
/XiOPBeco Passenger— Port Costa, Sul-
*un. Elmlra, Davis, f uraniento,
Truckee. • Lake Tanoe. Ucno,
Tono;iah. Sparks 7-BOa
¦ XSp Port Costa, Martinet. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, lierenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
I-CSp Vosenslte VcIIey, via Berenda and
WiwoBt 8.50a
¦ 4JSp Martinet. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
B-06P Oregon 4c California F.xprem— Sac-
raBiento, MarrsYlile. Bedding:,
Portland. Puget Sonnd and East. 8-50A
t.lOP li«» w«rd, M>» and San Jose (sub-
dayoniy> . II.EOa
COAST LINE Oarraw Uaa^e).
i (toot of Market Street.)
7-4&A Santa Cruz ExcurrlontSundny only) 8-1 Op
8.16a Newark. Centerrir.r. 6an Joae,
Feltoa. noulderCreek.Dlcnarln,
Santa Crux and Way Stations... 5 5Sp
19 IBa Alvarado. Newark. San Jose. Los
Gatot,Glenwr>od. Felton. Boulder
Creek. BlK Basin. Santa Crux 810p
t215P Kewcrk. Centerrllle, San Joae.
New Almaden. !.<•• Uatot.Fciton,
£on!der Creak. Santa Crux and
Prlncir»l Way Rtatlons 10S5a
* 16p Jewtr». S»n Jose. Los Gatos !8-55a
415p WrJgbt, Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Salnrdajr and Sunday only. 66 55 A
COAST LINE (Kroad «.anre>.
{y~ (third and 'i «.nrn.en<t Str«eu.)
SICa Saa Joneiind Way Stations 6-39P
t7 OCa fian Jo«c acd Way Sutlous 6.4Qp
715a Mottcrey and Santa Cruz Excur-
tion (Sunday only) 1030p
8£0a New Almaden i Tuec. > r:u.. only). 4.10P
b U0* Tl <• Coaster— San Jose. SaHnaa.
Sen Ardo. Paso Uohles. Santa
Margarita. San Lai* Oblrpo.Saata
2> t t I) ft r ai. i* ft 3 Sue Qir f n t tirjL,
Monlalro, Oxnard. Bur!>ack, Los
Argeles 10-4SP
I CQ* G!!r«r. Ho!I!ster. Castrovllie. Del
Mocte. Pacific Grore, Surf, Lorn-
poe 10<5p
8.00a t»ii Jose. Tres PInos.WauonvlliA,
Capitola. baota Cruz, PaciBc
Gro« e. Salinas San Lois ubispo
and Prlndpa War Stations. ... 4.10p
ICWa i-an Jose aad Way Stations .. 1.20P
11 -30a Santa Clara. .-«n Jose, Los Gatos
aad W»y Stations 7.30p
1 iCp fcan Joae and War 6tatlons 8 36 a
*S LXp Url Monte Kxpress (except Sun-
day) — Santa Clara, t-ta Jose.
Wau>on<ti:n. 8anta Cruz. Iifl
Moot*. Monterey. J'aclf.c Grore. flZ-ISP
3-JCp Bu: uc.iTiir . San Ju«e. Gllrnr, Hol-
llnter. Tres Plnos.Pajaro.M'atKon-
rllie. t'apltola. Santa Cruz, Cat-
trertne. Salinas. Pacific Grove... 1045a
430p "an Jose aad Way Statloa* t8-O0A
t6C0pSacia Clara. -»b Jose. Los Gatos.
Wright Mil principal Way tjta-
.r »« tions ie»ce">t Sundar) tS.OOa
{S 30p feanJcceanuPrlnd(<alWayStat1ons (9.40a
b 4Sp Ilt.ki Express.— P.edwood. £aa
Jose.GUroy.Sannm.Paso Itoblea.
Eaa Luis o:>'.spo. Santa Barbara,
Lot Anceles, I>emlng. El Paso,
New o*>»tis. Sew Tork 7.10*
E <5p Pajaro. Watsonr'lle. CapJtola. ) , ,_ __
Santa Cruz. CastrorUle, DtlVjJS"??
Moc:e. Pacific Grore \T10^5P
"•15p e«i.Mateo.Beres;or<LBelment.Saa
Carloa. Uedwood. Fair Oaks.
MesloPark. Palo Alto 16 4«U
C-SOp San Joae and War Stations 6-SEa
• 8£0p Palo Alto and War Stations 10. ISA
1 1 .30p &ou;h 5a& Fra&c'.tco. MUlbrae. Bur-
llngame, £aa Mateo. Belmoct
fan Carloa. Re i wood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8<5p
•tII-SOp MayOeld. Mountafa View, tuccy-
, Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
m «n Jose tS.45»
A for Monung. P for Afternoon.
' 7 bendar execpud. !EBBdayealy.
•>6atnroayocly. h Moaday only.
Jfcupi at all ttatloat on £und»T.
CALIFORKU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKC1SC0 AKD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAirr.
Tlbcron Ttny, Toot of Xarket Street.
sax rxAjrczsco to saw KAr ajcx..
UEEK DAYS— 7:30 L 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m..
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:&0, 6:30 and 11:30
P. to. '
Htrurdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. in.'
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a, m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:io. C:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAX BAFAE£ TO SAW FRAITCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:C5. «:5O. 7:S5. 7:50. »:2»».
11:15 a. m., 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:oO. 5:20.
6:22 P. m.
BatnrfiajB— Extra trip at 1:45 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcgpt 6aturda>-a.
Leave | In E2ect I Arrl«-e
Ean Fran. I May 1. 1304. | San Tran.
Week I ean- I DeaUna- I Sun- I Week
Day. I <la>-». I tlon. | <layt. | Uayt.
7:30a 7:45 a! 7:45 a
7:39a 8:O0 a 8:40a 8:40a
6:00 a 9:30 a Xff&ada. 10:20 a io : so a
2:30p 2:30p 6:00p|«:20p
C:10p 5:10 r 6:20 p 7:25 p
7 :25 rl
S:45pj
7:30a 7:S0 a 7:45a] 7:45a
H :O0 a « *0 a Korato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p »:3rta Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
£ii Op Santa, Roaa. 8:45 p -
7:30 al 7:3oTl ' 10:20 a!10:20 a
«:00« U:00a Fulton. 7:25pI6:20p
2:20p|2:30p| 8:45 Pi 7:25 p
I I Windsor. ' I
7:30 a: 7:30 a! He*l<Ubura;. 10:20 a:10:20 a
| Lytton. 1 _
2:30 pi 2;30pi Geyser»-i!le. 7:25 p 7:25 p
1 | Cioverflalc. I
7:30 a 7:30 al liopland 110:20 a|10rf» a
2:30p 2/Mp\ and Uklah. |7:25pl7:25p
I j \+lll!t«. j j
7:20 a! 7:C0e! Eher«-ood. | 7:25 p; 7:25 p
R:COaj fc:00 a! CuernevMe and 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:S&i»| 2:G0p! Carnp Vacation. | 8:45p|.C:20p
f-:'jOi S:<K-a! 8:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 9:30 ai Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| Glen Ellen. fe:45p
7:30 a! 7:3Oa| 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 r! S«b2stopol. | 7:26 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Koca for White
Fulphur Hprinici! and Merk West Sprlntri; at
F'ulton for Burke'e Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton bprinpe; at Oeyserville for SVaks*
bprlngr*: at Clov»rdale for the Gejtera, Boonc-
vtlle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnpi. Htebland Sprtnss. Kelseyville, Caris-
bttd .-prlrpt. Soda Bay. LeJcenort and Bartlttt
eprine«: at t'klah for Vichy Kprln«;!i, Earatcga
Sprlnps, Blue Ltiken. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. i;pp»r» Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llertey'* Bucknel!'*,
Banliedrin Heights, HullvlUe. Orr'a Hot
£prities. He If way Houre. Corapiche. Camp
gtevene. Hopkins Mendoolno City. Fort Urucsr.
XVestport. Vta\; «t Wllllts for Fort Brarjt.
¦W«*tport. Sherwood. Cebto Cov^lo. l>aytca-
xiTit. Cummins. Bell's Fptiri»-». HarrU. Olaena.
Dyer. Garbcrvlllc. Prprxrwood Scotia and
Cureka. f
fcaturricy to Monday roun<l-trip tlcketa at re-
duced rate«_
On 8un<{»'y«— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond S»n Rafa»l at half rate*.
Ticket Offlce. 600 Market etret-t. Chronicle
building-.
JAS. L. FIlAZinn. R. X. RYAX. ', \
Can. Man&ccr. Gea Faca, A^t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tgmm& printing
Jmjlm$ft Prices
I invariably please my patrons, be-
cause I give them the best workman-
ship at a minimum expense.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10c (Roll of 12 15c
PRINTING:
Solio finish 3c to Sc
Velox finish. . .: ...... .3o to 6o
TRT MY DAYLIGHT LOADING
FILMS — Best on earth. Small prices.
AUSCO CAMERAS arc pronounced
by experts to be unexcelled for quick
and accurate work. Prices from
#5.00 up.
CTKO PHOTO PAPER — Is the best
paper for developin& r by artificial
light. Cameras repaired at moderate
(ijrures.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1003 MARKET STREET, Opp. Fifth.
SAX FRANCISCO.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S ortcATi
iausEua of ahatoby^
A Cg) 10E1 H1SZZ7 E7. Ut «t k«7li. S.r.Cil. A
\ tj. The LsJTCst Xaatasaical Mnseua la tkt \
6W& P«Mltl»»l y «,,^ hr ike .Idtit f
/gHl ip«alta«UtC.«t IHjt, an . Q
A flSh^fi D^- J0RDA«-D!3£ASE8 6F KEN A
\ P V*el5fl Cm*at**<mm frt. **4 itrtrtiT pri-nt*. \
V B «^W M Tr««"»«" Pf~naliy er k> r letter. A §
\ B if VI H Cm* ia srery ea>c aadcrtakea. \
ft i 1 ,7 11 & Wrrtsfor Iwk. PBIL«l»raTaf A
V fl 1!^ » *-»¦« A«K. MAILKS »XB. (AY
X Q Q. valuable ko«k in nn) - \
¥ JRK. JUBPAK <% <:©.. 10S1 Murkct Kt..«. P. Q
¦ < CV < CV^IV**5>^ < 'G^- - C>-^IV^liV^a»'^5^^5^^!^ ft
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VftRRANTED'
i LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEAYES M0KDAT5 and THURSDAYS ¦
at O:3O a. xn., through ia S d»7».H
with diner- and all trappiars.' w
Other Santa To Trains: i •".
7:S0 a. m.') tor Stockton. Fretno. BaJcerafleld.
fe-00 *" n£ J >Ierced ' H«nford and Vlsalla.
4:O0 p! m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Casyoa aad
Chicago.
TICKET orriCEE — 641 Market St. 'aad
Perry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South rirst St.,
Baa Jose.
l^^^^f^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
EUBUIIBAK SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart frqrn Ban Francisco. w«ek days, at
6-30, «:10. 7:«. 6:30. 8:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
ril-40 a. m. Sausaltto only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:13.
400. 4:35. 6:15. 6:50. 0:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11 -S3 P. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
it 7-10 7-*5. 8:5». 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
i m.. i2:2°. i:00. 1-45. 2:30. 3:lfi. 4:00, 4:35.
all" 6:60. 7:13. 8:15. 8:00. 10:20? U;33
P * Arrive at San Francisco, week days. «:17.
7-OOV 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 6:35. 10:20. 11:05 a, m.
12^05 1:25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20, 5:05. 6:40, 6:15.
i-M '7:65. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
l^gai holidaya extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
b For P FaTr'fax. week day*, depart a.t 7:45 a. m.,
t-lS n in. On Sundays and l*t;al holidays at
?i45. 8:15. 10:W. ":"> »• »•• l-':20. 1:00. 1:4»
p ' m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way sUtlona.
9:15 a. m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyes,
*^:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
Sunday* only— For Cazadero, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market et.
FERnY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lr*»« Tk HtcsaUt* Ff rry] Arriye
Baa Frauclaoo ft* «f tsrtrt a. 8an Franobo*
Veek 8ma- TTg 6uii- Week
Par*. aar». /fMf$Ctfe»t T *~
;:::: 10:00 x gi^^^ IW"*1*
1:46 r 12:20 r 6: i2 r .SiiS !
l-tlr i : 46r Ttxffltr 6:1Sr 10:0ft
. «:35r -^r- y 8:50 r ..-...;.:
> TU OnrltT Ctr. Y Tawtfah to Ml'.l T«l>ty.
T«CK*r 1626 M * rket &r. (North flnote BailraM)
OmcKf I tod b«ci auto Fkaxt, root Msrket H.
AMTJSE3IEXTS.
CHEERFUL JAUDEVILLE!
The Harry La Rosa Company; Roonsy
and Bent; Al Snesoi; Leo Carxlllo; Th«
Great Sinjrinsr Pour; Burton and
Brooks; Three Mltcnells; "Our Boys ta
Blue." and Orpnetun Motion Pictures,
Sbowiajr the
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thura-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10c. 25c aad 80c. *••¦
f*f\\ IIUDI A SA1 Fiwnsco'3
UULU SVIiSlfl LEAGM3 1HUS
Powell Street. Near Market.
SECOND AMD LAST WEEK !
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Last Time Nest Sunday Nlsht.
KYRLE BELLEW
And Original Company. IacludAg
E. M. HOLLAND,
In the Fascinating Dramatic Production.
d yi ccr crc^ THxixiTira
IT A*~~L,CZ+Z> CRACKSXAM
Next Monday — The Irreproachable Extrava-
ganza, M j^ Wfzard Qf »>
TO-NIGHT— ALT. THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Enormous Success of
BOTHWELt. BROWNE'S
New Japanese Musical Extravaganza.
3oo PRINCESS Sn^r"-
Clever Marches,
Juveniles FAN Ballets,
In ¦ "'¦ Gorreous
th« T - -, Scenery
Cast. TAW and
l^^^ m^ mim Costnaaes.
POPULAR PRICES— 13c. 23c 50c
COMING — "YORK STATE FOLK3."
AT f A7 AD BeUseo ft May«r.
General Manager
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT.
Evg., 25c-75c; Mata. Thur* and Sat.. 25c-50c
WHITE \ A»P THE ALCAZAH CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In Capt. Robert Marshall's Delightful Comedy.
THfflNCOJiii
As Played by John Drew.
FINE PRODUCTION — GREAT CAST.
Monday. Sept. 19 — MR. ¦WH1TTLESET
In MONBARd.
]SENTRAl*ir
Market St.." Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALI. THIS WEES.
MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
First Time Here of Blayney's) Immensely Pop-
ular Greater New York Melodrama,
ONLY A
SHOP GIRL
DDirPC Evenings 10c to SOo
JrAltCO Matinees ..10c. 15c. ZSo
1TEXT— PAI.UK BT THE WATSIPa
; *' » 9
The Musical Goolmans
And a Splendid Snow xrrery A ft am oca
and Eveniasr in tie Tneater.
TAKE A RIDE OS THE
MXXrXATUBS EI.ECTEIC HATT.1COAP.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DB LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN Jo
When Phoning A«k for "The Chutes." -
ansCTiiixAyTOus.
VXQ Perfect Fitting iff
fy Eyeglasses eg
/.j At Moderate Cost
V 642 / Warice.t3.x
Pnforp D0RPT FAIL T0
laiatW M e the beaatlfnl
j COURT Lounging
51 fin room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
n X PALM ROOM, the
Uf/inQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U X^I- DIES' WRTTZNO
Hotels roqm «
4*v g% n nn Outflts. Guns, Ammuni-
¦ B H Bliri tlon. Fishing and Outing
111 NllS CSV Goods. Tents and guns to
InUllflB Kent. CATALOG FREE.
|Jj rl IVB SHREVE & BARBER CO..
T " ¦¦¦¦¦ 739 Market St..
621'Kearny St.. 8. T.
\M. T. HESS,
Votary Public and AttornaT-«t-:L*w.
Tenth Bloor ¦ Room 1015, Claus SpreeitsU bids.
'•• - -¦¦*¦ Telephona Main 9S3.
Residence. 1S02 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Page SOU.
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application..
TBESX AND SAXiT MEATS.
MC HAVCC * Til Shipping Butchers, IM
JAj. DUiCJ tt tV. Clay. TeL Mam 12»*.
OIX.3.
LUBRICATING OILS: *£*£**>*.££**>
: 418 Front st.. S. F. Phon« Main 1119.
FBoranro. ¦¦___»
'¦'¦' ¦ AMUSOtEXTS.
Tn.fj IV Afternoon at 2
I U UM I Evening at 8.
Show Grounds, Eleventh and Market Sts.
8A2T rBANCISCO — SEVEN SATS.
SEPTEMB2B 12-18.
8 Performances Sally at 8 and 8 p. m.
Doors Open One Hour Earlier. .
RINGLING
D .TO SVC* WORLDS
rSI€Il^ GREATEST
UllvroP* shows
; Tlx* Binrest Show of All Times. Past or
Present, Surpassing In Scope, Majml-
tude and Grandeur Anything Before
, Attempted. \ ; ... " ; -'-
S3.700.000 Invested. 85 Ballroad Cars.
$7,400 Dally Ex-ao Separate Tentf.
,»2J a i** , W Acres of Canvas.
1880 People. An m*ni,.«»«
375 Star Performers. 40 =l«Phants.
1 50 Musicians. 80 Camels.
{ 300 Unique Acts. 650 Korses.
! At Kacn Performance,
CRAZO
Challenges Death in His Sensational Act.
LEAPING THE GAP
A Bicycle Jump of 52 Feet— the Most Hazard-
ous and Thrilling Feat Ever
Accomplished.
European Stars Appearing In America for th»
First Time.
! - .THE 4 ELDREDS
i - World's Champion Novelty and Daring
Bareback Riders.
THE 4 BEDIMS /
Italy's . Premier Equestrian*.
THE COU.MI-CAIROIMS
Famous Parisian Troabillon Dancers. .
THE 7 GLINSLRETTIS
V.Ji Europe's Most Celebrated Acrobats.
THE KAUFFMAN FAMILY
Phenomenal Bicycle Experts.
Incomparable JACKSON FAMILY
Dollard Troupe, Otcomu, Plying* Plshers,
3 ¦ Xios, Portuns Brothers, • Tasmanian
Troupe, Genaro ft Theol, and 300 More
Peerless Performers.
AMAZING ANIMAL ACTORS
3 HERDS PERT OBMIN& EXSPKAJfTS.
CAPT. WEBB'S 8 OBOXTPS OP EDtT-
CATED SEALS.
And Squadrons of
MarvelousSy Trained Horses
Tffe Most Sublime Spectacle of All Times.
Jerusalem and the Crusades
A Sazilinsr Picture of Beauty. JUfe,
Color and Motion, Entrancing Terp-
slchorean Berela Before Jeru- : ',
salem's Oriental Despot. ,
Exquisite Grand Ba'let Divertis;ment
50c Ticket Admits to ETcrythlnr. Chil-
dren Under 12. Half Price.
BIO PB.SB STREET PASASE AT 10.
Admission Tickets and Numbered Reserved
Seats will be en sale during the engagement at j
Sherman. Clay A Co.'s Music Store. " Kearny
and Sutter. streets, at exactly the same price
charged at ticket wagons on the show grounds.
PARADE ROUTE
Starting from circus grounds at Eleventh and
Market sts. Monday morning at 9:30. to How-
ard, to Second, to Market, to Montgomery, to
California, to Kearny, to Market and show
grounds. This will be the only parade clrcua
week. r
A TREMENDOUS HIT!
Mr Frederic Belas:o Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Last Season's Great New Tork
• Success
MARTA OF THE LOWLANDS
Parewell Week. Commenclar
Sunday, Sept. 18.
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday,
Wednesday Matinee.
SAZA
Thursday. Friday. Saturday. Saturday
Matinee.
TESS OP THE StnUsEB/VTWES
SKAT SALE TO-DAY.
Jim0p3
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
LAST WEEK.
MATINEES THUnSDAT AND SATURDAY.
NEXT-THE ALTAR OF FRIENDSHIP
OPER\flYiniHOUSE
LAST WEEK I ND ? us
! uTOREADOR
Farewell Toreador Mat. Next Saturday.
! BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
! THE SERENADE
Operatic Debut of Andrew Bogart.
p r | ces _25c 30c. 75c_ Seats Always Selling.
,'.'•/
LAST WEEK OF
"TheANHEUSERPUSH"
The Brightest. Catchiest and Funniest Eur-
les<i'Je Ever Penned.-
Twenty Positive Song and' Specialty H1U.
Unrivalled Cast and Chorus. ¦
Scenery and Costuming Never ' Equaled.
Matineea Saturday and Sunday.
• •;, Ever- Popular Prices.
,»xt Attraction. Monday. September. 10,
MISS MAZUMA .
A Strictly" Original Burlesque .Full of Sur-
prises. "
. Seats now on safe. •
BI1SCKLLAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
DON'T faH to visit the NEW TORK. 1 ta 3
dally, and ; see the ILLUMINATED FLEET
AT NIGHT. 1 7. to ' 10 p. m. Be sure to get
the -right tickets from the C. A. McNEILL
LAUNCH - CO.. office and landing ;, foot or
Clay at., just north of Ferry building.
A "Wireless Message «g|i
wlN - Upward -^^5^
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND CO«
¦ ¦..^•v-vv v- 41SPOST) STREET.- ;V;,..>, :...-•¦.,•¦ • :THE SHADOW ON THE WALL.
I Special Information supplied dally to >
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
i iXornla street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Alas for San Francisco's greatness — another prizefighter has
postponed indefinitely his appearance in the local mauling mill and
Reno may at last usurp our laurels as the pugs' paradise.
Townsend's California Glaca fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
A church picnic party in New Jersey recently made off with
a half dozen silver spoons, the property of an ice cream parlor, and
then indignantly declared them to 'be souvenirs, when the arm of
the law intervened.
His Sublimity, the Jv T egus of Abyssinia, has fixed the penalty
for cutting down telegraph poles at being buried alive. Here is a
good chance for an agitation in behalf of underground wires — less
work for the undertaker in ordinary to His Imperiousness.
th' seashore.,. Jus' as often as : ye
read ' 'Newport colony flllln* up/ ' ye
redd; 'Bricklayers strike again.' Ye
very". slldom see a .bricklayer nowa
days • in . th\ city.; . They, live j mostly in
th' counthry an' on'y. come into "town
to" be bribed. to go toVurruk. . It wud
While the Japanese are greatly skilled
in the visual system of communication
—the time-honored wigwag and hello
graph—yet in the present conflict they
have clearly dembnstrated the supe
riority of the telephone and the tele
graph a3 a* means of transmitting in
formation .from point to point. Unlike
the heliograph and flag systems, the
electrical means of communication
operates Irrespective of weather, dis
tance and topographical conditions. It
has the further advantage of being ab
solutely and entirely concealed from
the enemy. It is shrouded in mystery,
and there is no chance for the enemy
to gain ah advantage by reading sig
nals, as has often happened in the past.
The character of the country in which
operations are being conducted has no
effect iipbn present military maneuvers.
Where bullock carts , cannot penetrate
the Japanese have discovered that it is
very easy -to transport wire by having
men carry It coiled upon 'their should
ers. - These men advance the line at a
rate of three miles or more an hour.
The telephones are constructed of parts
similar to those of commercial instru
ments, .but are housed In boxes, which
make them more easily portable.— From
"How the Japanese Communicate in
Battle," by M. C. Sullivan, in the
American Monthly Review of Reviews
for- September.
Broken English.
Charlie — Papa, the Whites have a
new nurse.
Papa — What Is she, son? French
or German?
"I don't know, papa. I think she*3
broken English." — Life.
As Classified.
Gentleman (in library) — Where can
I flnd the book entitled "Man, thO
Ruler of the World," please?
Lady, attendant — You will probably
find It Just across the hall In the fiction
department, sir. — Chicago Dally New3.
Slisplaccd.
. Lady — I found a fly in the bread
yesterday; that was a mistake,
wasn't it?
Baker boy — Yes, mum; it had
oughter 'ave been put Into the buns.
— Ally Sloper.
Cutting Xo Ice.
Bacon— I see the Southern States
are producing half the lumber cut in
America-
Egbert — And yet there Is no Presi
dential timber coming from that way!
- — Yonkers Statesman.
Wedlock's Blisters.
Miggles — There are when it
Is advisable to listen to a fool's ad
vice.
Mrs. Miggles — Well, go ahead, my
.dear; I'm listening. — Chicago Daily
News.
a millyon dollars. (Sinsation.)' I at-
this to me supeeryor skill, aid
ed be ye'er arnest efforts at th' bench
an* at th* forge. (Sobs.) Ye have done
so well that we won't need so manny,
lv us as' wo did. (Long an' continyous
cheerin'.) Those iv us who can do two
men's wurruk will remain, an' If possi
ble do four. Our other faithful sax
vints,' he says, 'can come. back in th'
spring,' he says, 'if alive,' he says. An'
the; fcold artisans tossed their paper
caps in th' air an' give three cheers f'r
capital. They wurruked till ol' age
crept on thim, an' thin retired, to live
on th' wish bones an' kind wurruds
they had accumylated. . ;;^.;;
"Nowadays 'tis far differaht. The
unions has desthroyed all individjool
effort. Year be year th' hours iv' th*
misguided wurrukin' man has been cut
down: till now it takes a split-slcond
watch to time him as he goes through
th' day's wurruk. I have a gintleman
plastherer frind who tells me he
hasn't put in a full day In a year. He
goes to his desk ivry mornin' at tin
an' sthrikes punchooly at iliven. 'Th'
wrongs iv th' wurrukin' men mus",be
redhressed,' says he. ¦ 'Ar-re ye In-;
thefested in thim?' says I. 'Ye nlver
looked bether in ye'er life,' says I. 'I
Aiver felt betther,' he says. "It'sth'
out-iv^dure life,' he says. 'I haven't
missed a baseball game this ¦summer,'
he say8. : .'But,' :he says, 'I need'iexer
cise. I : wish Labor day wild come
around. , Th' . boys has . choose , me }\ to
carry a life size j model ;iv;th' k Masonic
Temple in th'. parade,' he'says..
"If I was a wurrukin' Vman I'd sigh
f'r th' good ' ol' days whin labor and
capital was frinds. Those who lived
through thim did. In thini • times th',
afrystocracy iv labor was \ th' la-ads
who r-run th' railroad injines. ;' They
were a proud race. ¦ ; It ' was : a' boast* to
have . wan! iv. . thim in 'a f ani* ly. . : They
nlver sthruck. .'Twas again their rules.
BITS OF HUMOR
No rubles of red for my lady —
Xo jewel that glitters and charms.
But the light of the skies In a little one's
eyes
And a necklace of two little arms.
Of two little arms that are*dlnging
(Oh. ne'er was a necklace like this!)
And this wealth o* the world and love's
sweetness Impearled
In the Joy of a little one's kiss.
A necklace of love for. my lady.
That was linked by the angels ttbove.
No other but this — and the sweet tender
kiss
That sealcth a little one's love.
— Frank L. Stanton. in Home Chat.
A NECKLACE OF LOVE
DISPATCHES from Helsingfors, the capital of the Russian
Grand Duchy of Finland, state that Prince Obolensky, the
successor of the assassinated General Bobrikoff, has entered
upon his tenure of office as Governor of that turbulent district of
the Czar's realm. The advices further add the significant fact that
already the new Governor has received threats that he would not
be in Finland a week before being made the victim of an attack
similar to that which removed his predecessor from office so violently.
The. new lieutenant of Nicholas, therefore, like the successor of
Minister von Plehwe, goes into office with his eyes open to the ele
ment of personal danger which intervenes to complicate the dis
charge of his already difficult task.
• The series of assassinations that have struck down officers of
the Czar's Government, first in Armenia, then in Finland and finally
at the very seat of authority in St. Petersburg itself, is grave portent
of what is to come to Russia, now staggering under the weight of
defeat in the Far East. Those terrible spirits of unrest and disorder
that arc classed under the generic term of Nihilists need only a
tremor to manifest itself in the stern outward mask of the Govern
ment to push their fanatical creed to bloody consummation. When
now they find that the hand which was wjDiit to weigh upon them'
so mightily is paralyzed by the blows of an armed enemy the repres
sion that comes with fear is dissipated, and undaunted they pursue
their tenets of murder and revolution.
It is to be observed by a study of the nihilist movement in Rus
sia that war and terrorism go hand in hand in that unhappy land.
Paul I, who held the throne during the early stages of the Napoleonic
regime, allowed the country to be dragged into a coalition against
the French and was stricken by the hand of an assassin on March
23, 1 801. Alexander I, the visionary who divided the world with
Bonaparte on the raft at Tilsit and lived to enter Paris at the
heels of the broken Emperor, narrowly escaped death at the hands
of his people so many times that near the end of his life he lived like
a hunted beast and died broken-hearted. Alexander II, of emanci
pation fame, suffered a revolution of the Poles and forced his realm
into the Turkish war of 1877-78. On March 13, 1881, a nihilist bomb
snuffed out his life.
Difficult it is for us of the republic to conceive of the animus
that fires the hearts of these reactionaries of the great despotism. In
the cases of the majority of them that blind adoration of things re
ligious, which is the characteristic of the Russian people, is wholly
displaced by an equally slavish adherence to the principles of revo
lution. Nihilism is a religion no less than the orthodox Greek
creed. Its votaries court martyrdom with a zeal as fanatical as that
of the Christians under Nero; they preach death as no ante-Nicene
father preached life immortal. Now that war has again brought the
terror to Russia, who is .to prophesy what the events that are to
befall and what the ending? N
THE NIHILIST TERROR.
(Copyright, 1904, bv McClurc,
1 Phillips & Co.)
SEE th' sthrike has been
I called off," said Mr. Hennes
sy.
"Which wan?" asked Mr.,
Dooley. "I can't keep
thrack iv thim. ; Somebody
is sthrikin' all th' time. Wan
.day th' horseshoers is out
an' another day th' teamsters. Th'
Brotherhood Iv Molasses Candy Pull
ers sthrikes an' th' Amalgymated Un
ion iv Pickle Sorters quits in sympa
thy. Th* carpinter that has been put
tin' up a chicken coop f'r Hojjan
knocked off wurruk whin he found that
Hogan was shavin* himsilf without a,
carrd fr'm th' Barbers' Union. Hogan
fixed it up with th 1 waikin' dillygate
iv th* barbers an* th* carpinter quit
wurruk because he found Hogan was
wearln* a pair iv non-union pants. Ho
gan wint down town an* had his pants
unionized an* come home to flnd that
th' carpenter had sthruck because Ho
gans* hins was layin* eggs without th'
union label. Hogan injooced th' hens
to Jine th' union. But wan lv thim
laid an egg two days in succissyon an'
th' others sthruck, th' rule iv th' union
bein' that no hen Ehall lay more egga
than' th' most reluctant hen in th 1
bunch.
"It's th' same ivrywhere. I haven't
had a sandwich f'r a year because ivry
time I've asked f'r wan, ayether th'
butchers or th' .bakers has been out on
sfhrike. If I go down in a car in th'
mornin', it's eight to wan I walk back
at night. A man I knowed had his un
cle in th' house much longer than aye
ther iv thim had intended on account
iv a sthrike iv th' Frindly Brotherhood
Iv Morchuary Helpers. After they'd
got a permit fr'm th' waikin' dillygate
an' th* remains was carried away un
dher a profusion iv floral imblims with
a union labed on each iv. thim, th'
coortege was stopped at ivry corner be
a picket, who first punched th' mourn
ers an' thin examined their cridlntials.
Me frind says to me: 'Uncle Bill wud've
been proud. He was very fond iv long
fun'rals an' this wan was th' longest
I iver attinded. It took eight hours an'
was much more riochous goin* out thin
comn' back,' he says.
"It was diff 'rent whin I was a young
man, Hinnissy. In thim days capital
an' labor was friendly, or labor was.
Capital was like a father to labor,' giv-'
in' it its boord an' lodgin's. Nayether
intherfered with th' other. Capital wint
on capitallzin' an' labor wint on labor
in'. In thim goolden days a wurrukin'
man was an honest . artisan. - That's
what what he was proud to be called.
Th' week befure iliction he had his
pitcher in th* funny pa-apers. He wore
a square paper cap_an* a leather apron,
an' he had his ar-rm ar-round capital,
a rosy, binivolint ol' guy, with a plug
hat an' » eyeglasses. .They were goin'.; to
th' polls v together to vote ¦ fr simple fpl'
capital. , Capital an'; labor walked ar-rm
in ar-rm, , instead lv havin' both hands
free, as at prisint. Capital was coritlnt
to be capital, an*' labor was used to be
in' labor. Capital came ar- round . an'
felt th' ar-rm lv. labor wanst In awhile,
an' ivry year: Mrs. -Capital called f on
Mrs. Labor an* congratylated ; her on
her score. Th' pride iv lvry artisan was
to wurruk as long - at his ; - task . asTth'
boss cud afford to pay th'.gas- bill/. In
return f'r his fidelity he got a turkey
ivry year. * At Chris'mas time capital
gathered his happy fam'ly around him
an' in th' prisince iv th* ladies lv th'
neighborhood give thim a short ora
tion. "Me brave la-ads,' says he, 'we've
had a good year. (Cheers.) I have made
They conferred with capital. Capital
used to weap over thim. Ivry wanst
¦in a while a railroad prisidint wud
grow red in th* face an' burst into song
about thim. They were a body that
th' nation might well be proud iv. If
he. had a son who asked f'r no betther
fate, he wud ask f'r no betther fate f'r
him thin to be a Brotherhood iv Locy
. motive Ingineers. Ivryboay looked up to
thim an' they looked down on ivrybody,
but mostly on* th* bricklayers. Th'
bricklayers were nlver th' bulwarks iv
th' constlchoochlon. They niver con
ferred with capital. Th' polia always
arrived Jus' asiih' conference was be
ginnin'. Their motto was a long life
an' a merry wan; a brick in th' hand
is worth two on th' wall. They
ethruck ivry time they thought iv it.
They sthruck on th* slightest provo
cation an' whin they weren't provoked
at all. If a band wint by, they
climbed down th' laddhers 'an' fol
lowed it,, carrylri* banners with th'
wurruds: 'Give us bread or we starve,'
an* . walked till they were almost
hungry. Ivry Saturdah night they
held a dance to protist. again their
wrongs-' In th' summer time th' wails
lv th'" oppressed bricklayers wint up
fr'm countless picnics. They sthruck
in sympathy with annybody. . Th'
union wint 'out as wan man because
they was, a rumor that th' superintind
ent iv th* rollln' mills was not nice to
his wife. Wanst they sthruck because
Poland was not free.
•'Whnt was th' raysult? Their un
raisoning demands fin'lly enraged
capital. To-day ye can go into a brick
luyer's house an' nlver see a capital
ist but th', bricklayer himsllf. Forty
years ago a bricklayer was certain iv
twllve hours' wurruk a day. or two
hours more thin a convicted burglar.
To-day he has practically nawthin' to
do ah' won't do that. They ar-re out
Iv ' wurruk 'nearly all th' time an' at
pay anny man who is bulldin* a house
to slnd thim what money he has be
mail an' go live in a tent.
"An' all this time, how about th'
arrystocracy iv labor, th* knights iv
th 1 throttle? Have they been de
prived lv anny hours iv labor? On th'
conthry, thay have steadily increased,
ontil to-day there Is not a knight Iv
th' throttle who hasn't more hours iv
wurruk in a day thin he can use in a
week. In tb? arly mornin* whin he
takes his ir'n horse out iv th' stall he
meets th' onforchnit, misguided brick
layer comln' home in a cab fr'm a
sthrike meetin*. Hardly a year passes
that he can't say to his wife: 'Mother,
I've had an increase.' 'In wages?'
'No, in hours.' It's th* ol' story iv
th' ant an' th' grasshopper — th' ant
that ye can step on an' th* grasshop
per yp can't catch.
•"Well, it's too bad that th' goolden
days has passed, Hinnissy. Capital still
pats labor on th' back, but on'y with
an ax. Labor rayfuses to be threated
as a frind. It wants to be threated as
an inimy. It thinks it gets more that
way. They ar-re still a happy fam'ly,
but it's more like an English fam'ly.
They don't speak. What do I think lv
it all? Ah, sure, I don't know. I belong
to th' onforchnit middle class. I wurruk
hard an' have no money. They come in
here undher me hospital roof an' I fur
nish thim with cards, checks, refrish
mints an' money. 'Let's play without a
limit,' says Labor: 'it's Dooley' a
money.' 'Go as far as ye like with
Dooley's money,', gays Capital. 'What
have ye got?' 'I've got a sthralght to
Roosevelt,' says Labor. 'I've got ye
beat,' says Capital: 'I've got a £3u
preeme Coort full on injunctions.'
Manetime I've rawned me watch to
pay f'r th' game, an' I have to go to
th' Joolrv store on th' corner to buy a
pound iv beef* or a scuttle iv coal. No
wan iver sthrikes in sympathy with
me.Jf
"They ought to get together," said
Mr. Hennessy.
"How cud they get anny closer to
gether thin their prislnt clinch?" asked
Mr. Docley. "They're so close together
now that those that ar-re between thim
ar-re crushed to death."
TELEPHONE IH WAR.
BY F. P. DUNNE.
MR. DOOLEY
HAS HIS SAY ABOUT
THE LABOUR TROUBLES
np HE country seems to have turned a corner in trade conditions
I and the depression of the past several months has been suc
1 ceeded by more activity and cheerfulness, especially in the East.
The bank clearings are making a better showing, railway earnings
are increasing, labor troubles arc being settled, crop prospects have
ceased to diminish, retail and jobbing trade in many sections is bet
ter, wholesale distribution of merchandise is reported larger and ex
panding and, in brief, commercial conditions all over the country are
much brighter than for some time back.
As for the statistical situation, the bank clearings last week
were 22.6 per cent larger than for the same week last year, with all
important cities except Pittsburg and Cleveland ranged in the in
crease column. This is the best showing made by the bank clear
ings for many months, and is highly gratifying. The gain at New
York was 33.2 per cent and at Chicago 7.4 per cent. The failures
were 200, against 172 last year.
Another cheerful feature is the strength shown by prices for
staple commodities. According to Bradstreet's index number quota
tions as a whole showed a small increase September 1 over August 1,
the principal strength being shown by groceries and provisions,
hides, leather, fruits, oils and breadstuffs. Reports from the iron and
steel trades say that recent reductions in quotations have stimulated
demand, that consumption has again overtaken production and that
stocks of crude material are much smaller than of late. Predictions
are being freely made by New York financial leaders, who are pre
sumably in close touch with the situation, that there is an impending
revival in this industry, and they are placing large sums in standard
dividend-paying stocks in proof that their co'nfidence is genuine.
This is having a stimulating effect on the stock market, which now
wears a bullish aspect, with the general tendency in prices no
longer downward, but upward. The public, too, are regaining con
fidence and are slowly re-enter;ng the market. This in turn, is
drawing on the supply of idle money so frequently mentioned during
the past few weeks and which is. now much less of a bugbear than
hitherto. The New York banks still report more funds on hand than
needed for all visible requirements and that there is therefore no
danger of any cash shortage, even in the moving of the crops, now
commencing.
The settlement of the packing-house strike in the West is an
other cheerful feature at the moment. It has been a sinister cloud on
all the markets of the West for two months and its disappearance
as an adverse factor cannot but be highly beneficial to business
throughout two-thirds of the country.
The manufacturers are also sending in better reports. Mills
heretofore idle are starting up, and while no great improvement in
the demand for manufactured goods is expected, all current indica
tions point to an enlargement in the general movement. Another
good sign is the return of 15,000 employes of the Pennsylvania sys
tem to full time. It will be remembered that some months ago sev
eral of the great railway systems sent a cold shiver through the
country by announcing a wholesale laying off of employes and a
corresponding reduction in wages, but this movement turned out
to be magnified, and half of it was not realized. So this bugbear, too.
has passed from the scene.
Domestic trade is making the best showing in the current ex
hibit, but the foreign commerce also seems to be improving, as the
figures of the export and import movements now coming in point to
a slow and healthy expansion over a month or so ago.
Conditions on this coast continue bright- While trade in many
lines shows a falling off in comparison with the past five or six years,
it is still good, with almost all farm and factory products passing 1
readily from first hands. into consumption, and, with the exception of
hay, prunes and raisins, there is no overstock of anything, while
most lines are showing a deficiency. Few complaints are heard, the
supply of money continues abundant, labor is completely employed,
real estate and building operations are ( active, the crops are good
and generally bringing prices above the normal, collections are easy,
and the foreign demand for our products is still excellent. There
is no trade depression anywhere on the coast, nor from present in
dications is there likelv to be.
BUSINESS BRIGHTENING.
THE MAN AND THE PURSE.
Rumor claims that a Washington
belle bjroke her engagement with a cer
tain Washington clubman "Just be
cause he carried his money in a purse,"
says the Washington Post.
"I can't abide," see Is quoted as say
ing, "a man who carries his change
in it. he 13 simply beyond hope, and
it's sure to follow that the man with
the little purse will be close about
everything. You may not notice It dur
ing your engagement, but be sure it
will come later.
"Fancy asking a man for money and
have him extract a miserable little
purse and begin digging down Into It,
half the time the little piece of leather
not being capable of holding the
amount" that one would ordinarily pay
for a simple frock." :;•-, ~ r .
And the matron to whom the young
belle confided the cause of the broken
engagement was heard to remark after
ward that she thought there was con
siderable truth and much wisdom in
the girl's idea of the thing.
FOR THE TABLE.
Molasses sauce for puddmgs — Cook
together for five minutes one cup of
molasses and one rounding tablespoon
of butter. When taken from the flre
add two tablespoons at lemon Juice.
Chocolate layer cake— Cream one-half
cup of butter and two cups of sugar.
add the beaten yolks of five eggs and
beat again, then add one cup of cold
water, one teaspoon or vanilla flavor
ing and three cups of flour slftad with
four level teaspoons of baking powder,
one-quarter teaspoon of salt and the
whites of three eggs beaten stiff. Bake
in layers."
PERFUME FOR THE BOW-WOWS.
One of the affectations among fashion
able women nowadays Is to hare some
distinctive note about their dress or
coiffure or little accessories of ward
robe, even if It be only some special
perfume which they endeavor to asso
ciate with their note paper, their visit
ing cards or their carriages, as well as
their dress. One would fain think this
Is enough, but according to the latest
advices some women even perfume
their pet dogs, %and their aim is to dis
cover some unique perfume and guard
its name as a jealous secret.
BEAD FRINGE.
Fringe of crystal or Iridescent beads,
sometimes interspersed with chenille or
silk threads, is effectively employed on
evening gowns. A tulle gown whose
flounces shaded from palest yellow, to
orange had between the flounces lines
of bead fringe repeating the same
tones.
COATS, TAFFETA AND IiACE.
A prevailing autumnal fashion will
be the closely fitting waistcoats. They
are now shown in delicately embroid
ered muslins and cambrics. As the sea
son advances silk and brocade will be
seen In conjunction with smart little
cutaway coats.
SHAM ROCK 'GO\VX.
A Brooklyn woman wears with much
pride a gown made from the sails of
Shamrock II. It is a yachting suit.
made with a bit of embroidery here
and there, shamrocks In shaded green
silk being the design. The costume is
a very attractive one.
The taffeta gown Is an Indispensable
change from the muslins and laces of
summer. Everybody has at least one of
these dresses In her wardrobe.
The owner of even a bit of real lace
Is nowadays making the most of her
possession, for scarcely any costume Is
seen without some lace decoration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS . . . . . Proprietor
ADDRESS AUL COMMUNICATIONS TO *
JOIiy McyACCHT Manager
rUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FBANCISCO
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 12. 190*
THK SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1904.
FOR THE FAIR SEX
6Until October 13 .the Southern Pacific. will
6ell round trip tickets to Yotemlte Valley
Trom San Francisco for $48 00. :. -This Includes
Pullman accommodations both ways, side ride
to the Mariposa Grovt (the \ Greatest of tl«
California big trcee). twelve meals and three
nights' lodglntts at hotels and carriage drives
to Mirror I-ake. Vernal , Falls, -Nevada; Falls
and Glacier Point, i Tickets good lor return
until October 18. Those wno -desire to stay
lencer than the schedule time may do so by
paying the special hotel rate of J3 a day.">-An
exceptionally fine chance to visit the ,.' most
wonderful .valley In the world. ; Ask * about ! it
at Southern Pacific office. 613 Market st. - • :
ern Pncifie.
Reduced Round Trip Rates by South-
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
.The ninety-fourth anniversary of
the indeDendence of Mexico will be
appropriately celebrated in Eintracht
Hall on Friday evening. For several
years two. celebrations have been held
owing to the jealousies existing be
tween rival factions, but this year all
will unite in one celebration. An ex
cellent programme of vocal and In
strumental music and addresses in
English ; and Spanish has been ar
ranged. Among the -speakers will be
Mayor Schmitz and Henry C. Dibble.
The declaration of Independence will
be read by A. de la Torre Jr.'
Following is the committee in
charge of tho affair: G. D. Kolta,
chairman; F. Carranza, vice chair
man; A. de la Torre jr., secretary; M.
Tellez Lil, assistant secretary; M. Es
querro, itreasurer; % executive commit
tee — A. Gonzalez, E. Leoidla, M. Ar
guijo, L. Zamora, L. B. Pena, J.
Menesps, E. M. Navarrete, .R. Merel,
Diego, Perez Rul, E. Chadwlck, A.
Caslllas, F.- . Glllesf le and Ramar
Garcia. • ¦ " •
Excellent Musical Programme Is Ar
rnnffctl and Well-Knomi Men
Will Deliver Addresses.
MEXICANS TO CELEBRATE
DAY OF INDEPENDENCE
PAH1S. Sept. 11. — The Auto an
nounces that C. L. Charley, the auto
rr.obillst, has offered a prize of $10,000
for the first autoboat which success
fully accomplishes a voyage from New
York, to Havre.
tils Prixc for Autornoblllsts.
In order that they might be a great spirit
ual people, Moses exhorted. the Jews to strive
forever after eternal Ideal* of purity. Justice
and charity. A nation la exalted only by
righteousness and perpetuated by , the Ideals of
purity and Justice.
In the study of Jewish history we are Im
pressed with one great fact. The highest aim
at Moses, the greatest man in the history of
Israel, was to make Israel the greatest spirit
ual and ethical people. He sought to. havA
Israel forever as living witness of God. la
sacred literature the Jew» r are called witnesses
of God. Frederick the Great, who was under
the skeptical Influence of Voltaire, at one
time said to his chaplain: "'You talk all tho
time of. God and religion. Can ycu prove the
existence of God?" Th* reply was: "Tho
existence of ' the Jew proves the existence of
God.". ' j t V .-.-'
At the Bush'street synagogue Rabbi
Kaplan addressed a large audience.. His
subject was "Lest We -Forget." He
referred particularly to the ideals of
the day, saying in par t^:
Our meeting Is an emphasis 'of our belief
la a supreme God. We deem ourselves mem
bers of the great fraternity that has weaned
the rntran wcrlil of Its observations and has
brought the principles of a pure ialth within
the .reach of the nations of earth. We ac
knowledge tho call of God upon us. We make
solemn proclamation that he is our king- and
ruler and that there Is no power on earth
that can Induce us to compromise the solemn
truths ve have Inherited, for the reason that to
Christian arA. Turk aa well as to the Jew
these truths nave become the historic witnessed
of the conversion of the world to the sover
eignty of tha living God.
In the union of Israel .ind God lies one of
the world's greatest historical motives. We
do not insolently assert our existence to, be th3
only motive, but In thu intellectual iirog'res>8 of
humanity Israel has had and has Its appoint
ed place. Our political history is one of vlcls
situdps; cur social history one of scattering
and the constant removal of tents and homed,
but our spiritual history Is bright, exalting, a
page of the world's records that has no equal.
At sunset last night the celebration
of the Jewish New Year came to an
end. Services were held in the morn
ing in the different 'synagogues, with
the exception of Temple Emanu-El, and
throughout the afternoon calls were ex
changed. In the synagogues the chief
feature out of the ordinary was the
blowing of the ram's horn or shophar.
This is usually a feature of the first
day's celebration, but as the New' Year
fell on the Sabbath day it was post
poned until yesterday.
The reformed Jews celebrate but one
day and Rabbi Voorsanger of Temple
Emanu-E!,- as has been his custom,
preached yesterday tV> the Congregation
Beth-Israel in the Geary street syna
gogue. Dr. Voorsanger's subject was
"Where Art Thou?" He said in part:
Eloquent Addresses Are De
livered by the Kabbis
in the Local Synagogues
Town of Iclaho Falls Visited by Con
flagration That Has Already
Caused Loa of $175,000.
IDAHO FALLS, Idaho, Sept. 11. —
A conflagration fanned by a strong
boulheast wind is destroying a num
ber of frame buildings on Park ave
nue, the principal street of the city.
':':• loss .-<> far is estimated at $175,
«oo and the fire is tslill raging fiercely.
The postoCice. Times printing es
tablishment and other buildings are
iu the direct line of the fire and have
flight chance of being saved.
I'KA.Mi: IXOUSES AT MERCY
OF FIERCELY RAGING FIRE
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— Mrs. Grace
Berry, whose true name is believed to j
b? Mrs. Grace Rose, died suddenly at I
the Receiving Hospital to-day, sup- j
posedly from the effects of poison self
administered. She had been drinking,
in . company with several men and '
women, and suddenly fainted, never I
regaining consciousness. ' !
Woman Ends Her Life.
LAST SERMONS
FOR NEW YEAR
HKIDGEPORT. Conn.. Sept. 11. —
Grave fears are entertained for the
eafoty of William F. Robertson, his
wife, their daughter. Mrs. R. F. Kolb.
;ii;<5 her husband, who left this city
Thursday afternoon in a 38-foot
naphtha launch, intending to go to
Oyster Bay. A few hours after the
launch .-iu!'-J out of the harbor a
furiuus thunderstorm swept over the
Sound, and as no trace of the boat has
been found iind no word from any
member of the party received, it is
supposed that they all were lost in the
storm.
FI-IAIt FKI.T FOR SAFETY
OP NAPHTHA LAUNCH PARTY
Craft Containing Four Persons and
Iln Route for Oyster Bay
Is BIlsEtaff.
N*EW YORK. Sept. 11.— The an
nouncement was made to-day by Mr.
and Mrs. James B. Oliver of Pittsburg.
v ho arrived on the Cedric from Liver
pool, of the engagement of their
daughter Edith to Marquis Alfred
Dusmet de fc'mours.
Miss Oliver and the Marquis became
engaged a week aco last Thursday,
the day the Cedric sailed. The an
nouncement was to have been made
In Paris the next day by the father
of the Marquis.
Oliver, who is a multi-millionaire,
said his future son-in-aw was scion
of an ancient Italian family.
Announcement of I'nmcement Made
by Parents of Girl Upon Arrival
/Vom Europe.
ITALIAN MARQUIS WINS
AN AMERICAN HEIRESS
Art Xotes.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things in pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. * •
"Seme of the parks I have seen
in the large cities of Europe surpass
our park in many features," said
Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gate Park yesterday, "but in all the
, .rks and squares I have visited I
huve not secu a bandstand as fine as
;he Ssreckels music stand." j> . : '
Superintendent McLaren has re
cently returned from a tour of the
Kut and Europe. He has visited
Bronx Park of New York, Prospect
Park of Brooklyn, Brussels Park, the
London parks, Liverpool, Dresden,
G« rsoa, Naples, Florence and Mar
seilles. He said further:
Of course, oar park is com para tix-cly
rcuTts, but I have a**n few that are much
¦ head of u*. Mcme Oarlo is a pretty place.
1 thick Oat is the on* that impressed me
meat. When our athletic amphitheater is
i . ..: I thick we will havi the t::if>i outing
» ¦• *:¦¦. .t in the world. There is nothing 1 have
*<• :. tnat is built cm »o iarfe a scaje as this
will be. All thoa« I have inspected have si
corsBicr.pUce wooden grandstand.
I made quite a prolonged trip through the
erortrie* of the Mediterranean, with a view
ef collecting new •p*ci*s of plants that will
f -i ¦¦ without irrigation. I collected a f«?w
*rltb wh!ch we will experimtnt toon. Though
th» countries of Southern Europe are beauti
ful. In ccrce ways their parks are email &ud
i.v ;- have not the variety of plants we have.
Take your stand for a manlier, purer sim
plicity in living-, not in this thine only, but
all through. I tell you the heart of modern
lifn Is being eaten out of it by all this display
and catering to self-indulgence and measure-
Ires luxury. There is an immense deal to be
done. Have the laws obeyed, prevent men
from making a Kaln and profit cut of vice,
take your part in the struggle, and let tt be
the intelligent and fearless part of Christian
citizens.
! There are some persons who think they
know better than others how to live, and they
waste valuable time trying to make other*
live their way. Now, we have no right to com
pel others to live our way. What is meat for
one man may be poison for another. Thou
sands are harmed by the misuse of tobacco
and alcohol who have not the pluck to give
them up. There are those who* Insist that be
cause misuse of these things harms others,
no cne should use them. In a word; you must
not marry, because the man who is too poor
to marry is tempted. You must not drink tea;
because It excites that hysterical person, or
coffee, because It congests the brain of that
bilious one. You must not use cards ur bil
liards; you must not play, because some, it
they play, play too hard, and you must not
work, becauee some men work too hard. In
deed, there nevtr «was a cleaner example of
the argument "ad absurdum" than this theory,
which alwaj-6 has St., Paul's ."wherefore if
meat make my brother Mumble I will cat no
flesh while the world standeth" tacked on it.
as if this passage from that soldier of Christ
had anything to do with the matter.
It is not meat, but gormandizing that ruin*
the weak brother, it Is not drinking but guz
zling. Almost everything we put In our
mouths may be taken as a food or as a stimu
lant. Intemperance is never to be stopped,
«ith*r by law — which is the prohibition remedy
— or by tlie non-use of what may not be
harmful when not abused. Then we must re
member that to the laboring man alcohol sup
plies uomethlns which others get In other
ways and will not co without. _ Asking him
to Rive It up is like asking- the well-to-do not
to eo to the theater or concerts, not to read
novels or go to evening parties, but te sit at
home reading religious books. That is, it lifts
him for a moment Into another world, where
things s'em brighter and more beautiful.
Thero are- many things we- can all do for
temperance; we can offer every facility for
education, for cleanliness, for - i well-cooked
food (many children get a taste of alcohol In
the sour bread they eat), for well ventilated
dwellings, fcr whoUsome amusement. I do
not believe everv form of alcohol is a poison
from hell, but I do believe the saloon door,
wherever found, is an entrance way to perdi
tion. It is th-tse fermented loafing places that
tempt men and destroy them.
There "arc men smoklns or chewinz them
selves to death and eating themselves into
dydpeprla. and women drinking themselves
bilious with coffee and hysterical with tea, who
yet claim the -name "temperance." We have
not y«t learned the alphabet of success In deal-
Ing with this matter.
It is the men we must change, 'and we must
do thut by - cractlcal methods. What I am
most anxious about is that those who so
believe in total abstinence should not feel
that is all that ran be don*, and that those
who do not bJlieve in It should not therefore
think they can do nothing. You may not be
able to believe these things are poisons, and
yet be sure the uxe of them Is a great deal
too common, rnd that the best thing is to let
th.-m alone.
The /act that a Bishop should assist In tht
formal opening- of such a place has shocked
many good people, and It is clear that the
great majority of clergymen and church lead
ers In this country are utterly out of sym
pathy with efforts to Christianize the saloon.
The newspapers are divided In their opinions.
Of course those who believe all drinking is
wrong have nothing but disapproval of the
j'lan. 1 But there are a good many other people
of alert conscience who do not share this
conviction. Bishop Potter believes saloons are
here to ntay. that they cannot be got rid of,
and that the next thine to do is to make the
bad yaloon a good saloon. Personally I da
not believe the thing can be done. 1 do not
believe there can be such a thing as a "good
saloon." I do believe a youth or a man could
get drunk at the Bishop's -bar as well as al
any other bar. And yet I would not Join the
hue and cry raided by fanatical men and
women who are not worthy to stand In the
good Bishop's shadow, and who have never
donated a tithe of the time and study to this
great problem that he has. Bishop Potter has
lived in the slums all through a hot summer,
and has devoted years of study to this whole
matter- of temperance. It seems to me the
part of wisdom to wait and see how the ex
periment will turn out.
"The Bishop and the Saloon," a sub
ject which has evoked volumes of com
ment from press and pulpit since Bish
op Potter dedicated the Subway saloon
in New York, was the theme discussed
yesterday morning by the Rev. Brad
ford Leavitt at the- First Unitarian
Church. Dr. Leavitt, while not express
ing an abiding faith in saloons as a
civilizing^ influence, dealt rather se
verely with the critics of the Bishop.
He said in part:
Hoys — Basil J. Bisby. Joseph H. Tkus, John
J. McEr'.ane, Ignatius G. Lynn. Jam*s V.
Chaix, Ignatius J. Sullivan. Daniel W. O'Con
nor, .Andrew H. Egan, Anthony T. Rourke,
Mariano H. TrlUanes. Vincent J. Kowalkow
ske. Bernard G. Meagher. Joseph J. Kelly.
Thomas 15. Fay. Joseph E. Hastings, Joseph
W. Shea. John M.' Bulger. Brendon L. Balg!r,
James T. Easren, Dominic H. McLaughlln.
James A White. Thomas J. Daly, Vincent F.
Cassidy. Dominic F. Kenny. Anthony P.
Brown, Anthony M. DrUcoll, James G. Moran.
Joseph G. Marron. Jerome T. Brown. Joseph
W. Judge. Edward H. Kennedy. Anthony T.
Connelley, Aloyslus J. Cosgrave. Dominic J.
Jones. Joseph H. Daniels. Thomas C. Doran.
Robert J Byington, Ignatius J. Sullivan, Wil
liam T. Schneider, John L. Chalx. Ignatius
I>. Joseph C. Sullivan. Aloysiua G.
Byrne. John W. Hemmmway, Joseph E. Meath.
Jamea W. Masterson. Joseph O. Peters. Martin
K. Miller. Anthony J. McLaughlin. Francis P.
McHush. Peter A. Markgraf. Anthony L.
Kowalicowski, Peter J. Fay, Edward D. Hogan.
Augustus A. Pyle, James L. Ring, William
Armstrong.
Girls — Rose A. Louise. Monica J. Emily.
"Winifred M. Laemmell. Mary E. Brodlnat.
Genevieve L.. Williams. Margaret G. Clancy.
Gertrude C. Cowles. Julia W. Bordlnat. Ce
celia D. Brobant. Theresa J. Kerr. Theresa
L. Watson, Eugenia Q. Bailey, Margaret G.
Overholtzer, Marie V. White. Mercedes H.
Hogan, Catherine R. Healy, Mary A. Agmar,
Cecelia M. McKenna. Cecelia I. Rahwyler. Lo
retta S. Greely. Laura A. Drolla. Pauline K.
Kelly. Frances F. Martin. Patricia M. Haw
ley, Rose M. Fay. Cecelia V. Hastinscs, Mary
C. McKean, Cecelia M. Relddy. Catherine A.
Rellley, Madeline C. McMahon, Agnes J. Ko
wilkowski. Mary T. .Whelan. Genevteve M.
Hanson. Alberta S. Bird. Mercedes T.McErlane.
Katherine M. Doyle. Catherine W. Watson.
Margaret A. Hogan Mary M. O'Connor. Mar
guerite C. Herbst. Elizabeth M. Martin. Clair
B. Pool. Marguerite I. White. Margaret G.
Mullaney, Mary A. Barth, Agnes E. Booth,
Marguerite J. Fitzgerald, Maud J. Haller.
Margaret C. Shea. Muriel R. Freeman. Geral
dine A. Donnelly, Catherine G. Fay, Magda
lene M. Eagen, Ann A. Buckley. Mary S.
Hlggiiw, Elener E. Brown, Anna Simpson,
Agnes Louise Noble, Cecelia E. Oates. Cath
erine A. Keenan, Calla E. Kane.
In the chancel of the church, act
ing as deacons to Archbishop Mont
gomery, were the Rev. Reginald New
ell and the Rev. Ambrose Wilson. The
celebrant of the high mass wag the
Very Rev. T. C. Clancy. Deacon Joseph
O'Brien and Subdeacon J. Corcoran
assisted Father Clancy.
After Gounod's Messe Solllnelle had
been sung by the choir under the di
rection of Dr. H. J. Stewart, the con
firmation of the young people under
their sponsors by Archbishop Mont
gomery began. Miss Mazie Cook act
ed for the girls, while J. M. McKeon
stood up for the boys. The following
is a list of names of the class:
Before the beautiful altar in the
Church of St. Dominic at Stelner and
Bush streets one of the largest classes
In the history of the parish received
confirmation yesterday morning at the
hands of Most Rev. George Montgom
ery, coadjutor to the Most Rev. P. W.
Riordan, Archbishop of San Francisco.
The great St. Dominic's was filled with
the relatives and friends of the chil
dren that were to become active mem
bers of the church, and the lighted
candles gleaming from the altar and
chapels, the incenie pervading the
nave, and the notes of the organ gave
impressive beauty to the scene.
Says What May Be Good for
One Is Bad for Others
and All Have Failings
Many Relatives and Friends
Witness the Event After
Celebrating High Mass
MILL TRY NEW PLANTS
Species That Thrive With
out Irrigation Will Be
Grown in Local Gardens
CHUECH IS FILLED
, To-morrow. every able-bodied mem
ber - of the ; California Club should at
tend' the i session I and be ready -to. go
into i. the meeting with her head cool,
her ; ideas | collected and . her. words, if
she; must talk.\few and to the point.
Nothing is gained by rambling- dis
courses. ; '',:¦>:
..":. If '.the women who lead .the ;forces
"for" and who lead . "against",
will *" select '. their : speakers and " the
speakers : will] just outline .their,: :. de-;
fenses ; much" restlessness—^and: not a
few'headaches-^will be "spared."
• - . * •
The clubs open with fine precision
this week. •-_ Here's a roster: •
Monday — Pacific Coast Women's
Press Association. .
Tuesday— The- California, the .^ Tea,
the Clionian Study Club, the Ebell Club
luncheon In Oakland, .the Mills and La
Puerta del Oro Chapter, D. A. R. : ; .
Wednesday— The Forum.
' Thursday— The Cap and Bells, the
Council of Jewish Women.
Thursday,: evening— The Sequoia at
the St. Francis. 9S1288
.Apropos to Junipero- Serra, Monterey
has announced to <the visitors, therein
the. name of the founder of California
as Funipero Serra. 'Tis so writ. on the
white cross that marks the spot where
he landed in the surf in 1770. Ye gods!
Is there no;one in Monterey who can
spell and print?
Now. as to the other name to be hon
ored, Starr King is mentioned, likewise
Leland Stanford, James Lick, James
Marshall, General John Sutter, Colonel
Baker and hosts of others of later date
—and no doubt tho list will grow with
the proverbial California virility.
OTHER NAMES -MENTIONED.
Right in the opening chapter of the
great California drama the seraphic
face of Junipero Serra rises above the
mistsof time. In all the pages of his
tory there are few such types as he,
combining in his great soul the quali
ties of courage, zeal, energ"y, faith, ab
negation, joyousness of heart, love of
mankind and absolute and unswerving
devotion to duty expressed in. his lov
ing allegiance to his Maker.
The occupation of Alta California was
the direct result of the ceaseless plead
ings of Junipero Serra before Carlos
HI. Won by his eloquence and zeal, the
King empowered the monk to enter the
unknown land and to take, the country
in the "name of God and the King,"
thus .directly influencing the political
complexion of the country. Soon after
the perilous voyage to San Diego Serra
dispatched Gaspar de Portola north
ward' with a band of .soldiers to find
the bay of Monterey. How the wan
derers passed it. without recognition
and going farther north discovered the
great bay of San- Francisco is an old,
old story— another triumph of Serra's
band.
The founding_pf the missions of San
Diego de Alcala.San Carlos de Borro
meo, San Antonio de Padua, San Ga
briel Archangel, San. Luis Obispo, San
Francisco de Asls, San Juan Capistra
no, Santa Clara/ San Buenaventura,
and the presidio of Santa Barbara were
likewise the direct results of Serra'a
labors as he journeyed from San Diego
to San Francisco twice or thrice a year
to visit his loved neophyte children.-
Thus have we a spiritual and moral
ideal in the brown-robed monk, and a
visual, physical influence upon the his
tory of thfc West— the first white leader
to come into the wilderness, where he
labored lovingly until the angel of
death stilled his voice and laid him to
rest in his beloved Carmel.
SERRA WORTHY OF PLACE.
Now the logical thing to do will be
to appoint a committee of men and
women familiar with the several
epochs • of Calif ornian history, begin
ning with the landing of Fra Junipero
Serra at San Diego In 1763. to the pres
ent day— although a hero seldom
sprouts a halo till he's a long time
dead. However, the review of the
drama should be made from beginning
to end and made on broad lines, elim
inating religion, race and politics, and
basing the choice solely upon the char
acter of ~ man, his worth as a national
ideal and his direct lniluence upon the
State.
' There are some historians who would
go back to Sebastian Viscaino— he who
landed at San Diego ana Monterey in
1602, pausing some days in each. port,
where religious services were held by
two Carmelite friars. While It Is' true
that it was Viscaino's description of
the country that guided Junipero Serra
160 years later, still the early voyager
left no direct influence upon the coun
try, save this diary. Therefore, it would
seem logical to "open the entries" in
1769. . . r
Now comes the all important ques
tion — whose memories shall .be perpet
uated in the eilent hall? — Shall they
be men of peace or men of war, men
of the soil or men of letters, men of
the pastoral days or men of the stars
and stripes? Ah! there is the question
— in fact, two questions, because there
are to be' two statues.
United States Senator Perkins has
been the promulgator of many a clever
coup for California, not the least of
which was the timely suggestion made
to the Pioneer Women at their annual
reception, that as the space allotted
to each State in Statuary Hall at
Washington has not yet- been claimed
by California, the Pioneer Women
take immediate steps toward filling
the two niches. For that suggestion,
publicly made, Senator Perkins, here's
to you!
Before the words were cold Mrs.
Anna Mclntyre, the president; Mrs.
Louise Shepheard Chase, and other
interested Pioneer Women had
gleaned from the Senator every de
tail of procedure In the matter, and
the mails a few days thereafter bore
to Washington a request for the pa
pers necessary to begin proceedings.
These state papers are now en route
to California, and thus will the way
soon be open for the queen Statue of
the West to present to the , hall of
fame her two most famous sons.
The strange apathy of Califprnians
in this matter has always been a sub
ject' of marvel to those who have
strayed through Statuary Hall, and
many sporadic discussions of it have
been heard. In fact, nearly, two' year3
ago, in the California Promotion Com
mittee's rooms, a sub-committee of the
California Landmarks League held >i
meeting, with Rufus P. Jennings, .Jo
seph R. Knowland, J. J. Lermen And
the secretary of the league jpresent.
at which this matter was vigorously
discussed. But there was at that time
much for the league to do and the
matter was dropped temporarily.
TAKEN UP AS SOLE OBJECT.
But now that some one organization
has singled out this duty, specialized
on this one phase of activity, success
will follow. • And what body is more
fit to carry out this work than the
Pioneer Women — they who toiled
sturdily to shape the destiny of the
State?
BY LAURA ; BRIDE POWERS.
Miss Anna Thompson, the Chicago
artist, has returned home after a year
in art work in San Francisco. A'fare-
Tvell dinner i was given her by her
bachelor friends. Dr. J. R. Gijl and S.
Parkhill of Minneapolis, Mrs. Gill
chaperoning the party.
Friday Mrs. William Giselman start
ed East to meet her son. Professor
Marshal Giselman, on his return from
abroad. /
Mrs. Harry B. Rosenberg (nee
Conn) will be at home on the second
Friday of the month, at 1628 Webster
street. . • • *-
Mrs. John S. Adams. is In New York
at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Mr. and Mrs. Al Jacobs and son,
Nelson, of Alameda and; Jack Nathan
have returned home ' after a- two
•'
PERSONALS.
Mrs. Jnscph Bacon on her return from
the country last Wednesday evening
was tendered a surprise party at her
residence The hours were spent in
music. Finding, dancing and games.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Bacon, Mr. and Mrs. T. W.
Haywarrt, Mr. and Mrs. G. Lay, Mr.
and Mrs. Gunn. Mr. and Mrs. Crowe,
Mr. and Mrs. Cochrane, Mr. and Mrs.
Nelson. Mr. and Mr?. Ruif," Misses Lo
retta Hayward. Xonie Hayward, Emily
Hobson. Mabel. Hobson, Lillie Lay,
Hazel Cochrane and Myrtle Crowe; A.
Martling, F. Pickard, P. La Rue. C.
Reynolds. R. Winters, D. Ruddick, W.
Phelan, T. Hargrave and A. Neugart.
On August 20 Miss May Varidre gave
a reception at her residence, 334 Fifth
street. Among those present were:
Misses M. Vandre, May McKeown,
Anna Ahem. L. Ahern. May Ward, E.
Ward and Gertio L. Vandre; Mrs. E.
Resell, Mrs. B. Vandre, George Rosell,
William Spiers. George Gassman. Sam
uel Piercy. Robert Hagert. Thomas
Meagher, James Boyd. Mark A. Mc-
Cann and Benjamin Vandre.
M:s. W. II. Eastman of 161 Tremont
avenue gave a dinner party last Satur
day night to Dr. MInnora Marshall of
Vermont and Miss Jean C. White of
A reception was given to Mrs. Eliza
beth Dcuress by her pupils Tuesday
evening. September C,, in tho parlors of
the Young Men's Christian Association.
HOUSE PARTIES.
The wedding of Miss Lida Bel Pixley
to Frank H. McCann was celebrated
Sunday, September 4, at 1621 Sutter
street, the home of the bride's parents.
The ceremonv was performed by the
Rev. Maxwell Reilly of St. Paul's
Church. Mrs. Harry G. . Ridgeway at
tended the bride and Wiiliam J. Hutch
eson was best man. The bride was
given away \>y her father, E. B. Pixley,
formerly of the Ocean House, Santa
Cruz. The bridegroom is the son of
Mrs. Kate E. Slopcr of this city.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Woods of 4231 Twenty-sixth street was
the scene of a pretty wedding on
Thursday last at high noon, the con
tracting, parties being their second
daughter. Miss May Woods, and Wil
liam Bergk. The Rev. H. B. Collier
of the Holy Innocents Chapel officiat
ed, while Frank C. Wisker. U. S. N..
served as best man and Miss Hazel
Woods as maid of honor. After the
ceremony a reception was held.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. William Bergk. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Woods, Mrs. A. Bergk. Mr.
and Mrs. D. Fairfleld. Charles Prosek,
Clark C. Bradford; Frank C. Wisker,
U. S. N.; Charles Reid, Clarence Hunt
ley, Miss Sarah Woods. Miss Hazel
Woods. Miss Maude Woods, Miss Alice
Fairfield. Miss Lillie Mackey, Miss
Mary Huntler. Miss Alice Rae. Miss
Carrie Brunner, Miss Doris Poole, Mrs.
S. Brunner. David Powers, Mr. and
Mrs. G. E. Mitchell. Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Rae, Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Poole, Mr. 1 and
Mrs. Vaccaro and Mr. and Mrs. Wolff.
Mrs. W. J. Guilfoyle announces the
marriage of her sister, Miss Teresa
Basslty, on September 1, to John J.
Guilfoyle Jr. at Los Angeles, the Rev-
Father Donohue of SL Vibian's Cathe
dral officiating.
A pretty wedding took place at the
residence of Mr. and Mr*. R. A. Sarle,
38S9 Clay street, Wednesday evening,
when their daughter, Miss Maude Les
lie Sarle, was united in marriage to
Lieutenant Jennings B. Wilson. The
! bride was attended by her sister. Miss
• Florence A./ Sarle, and Lieutenant
] Wetherill of Fort McDowell was best
| man. The Rev. L. J. Sawyer, pastor
of Hamilton Scuare Baptist Church,
performed the service. Among the
guests were Major M. H. Batson. Mrs.
Sarah Wilson, Miss Edith Nicholl,
Lieutenant O. P. Robinson, Mrs. Flor
ence Philbrook, Mrs. J. H. McKnight,
Miss Margaret Wilson, J. H. Kelley
and Sherman Sarle. After a dainty
collation Lieutenant and Mrs. Wilson
Started upon their wedding journey,
which will take them to Fort Slocum
in New York, where the bridegroom is
stationed with his regiment.
Miss Georgia Reed and Horace Burr
were wedded on Thursday last at Trin
ity. Church, Gough and Bush streets,
by 1 , the Rev. Dr. Clampett.
Mrs. H. L. Lazarus announces the
marriage of her daughter Adellna to
James Arthur Heroux.
Last Tuesday evening Miss Florence
Macdougall. eldest daughter of the late
Professor \V. J. Macdougall, the or
ganist, and Walter O. Clement, were
married at the home of the bride's
gister, Mrs. W; H. Melso:ne, in Berke
ley. The Rev. Dr. F. W. Clampett of
Trinity Episcopal Church, San Fran
cisco, performed the ceremony, which
was witnessed by relatives and a few
intimate friends of the bride and the
groom. Mr. Clement, who is a son of
the late Henry N. Clement, is engaged
in business in San Francisco.
Miss Amy Hall has announced her
engagement to Earle Schad, the wed
ding to take place in the near future.
The engagement of Miss Gertrude
Levin to Mannie D. Koplan is an
nounced.
WEDDINGS.
The engagement of Miss Maria Au
gusta Huiten to Clarence P. Cuneo is
announced.
ENGAGEMENTS.
All the social activity of the last
week was concentrated in the affairs
of *the Knights . and their ladles. . If
ever social San Francisco was. busier,
then the "oldest Inhabitant" has for
gotten it. To be sure, weddings were
celebrated with their wonted Joyous
ness, but outside nuptial affairs and
the functions preliminary to them, lit
tle else has been on the 'cards. But
next week— and all the weeks there
after— untihthe season of sackcloth and
ashes, will be busily gay.-
Superintendent McLaren
Says That tlie Spreckels
Bandstand Surpasses All
NEEDS CAREFUL STUDY
Rev. Bradford Leavitt Dis
cusses Bishop Potter's
Stand on Saloon Question
Fra Junipero Serra
Is Entitled to
Honors.
Affairs of the Knights
Absorb Local At
tention.
Large Class at St. Dominic's
Takes High Resolves in
Presence of Archbishop
After a short stay at their summer
home in the Sacramento River Canyon
Dr. and Mrs. D. Albert Hiller of Sutter
street have returned to the city.
Mrs. M. (Npstigan and daughters have
departed on an extensive tour of South
ern California and New Mexico.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel O'Toole of Oak
land, who spent three months in the
mountains, are at the Palace Hotel.
They will leave this month for an
Eastern trip.
Mrs. Frank I. Turner, and children
have returned to their home on Pierce
street after spending the summer at
Linda Vista. San 'Anselmo.
Mrs. Theodore Loventhal and-daugh
ter, Gertrude, of Bakersfield are the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. S. Emanuel,
405 Clayton street.
Dr. H. A. Andrews and Mrs. H. An
drews have returned from the Conti
nent. '
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Clough have
returned to the' city after a - month
spent at the springs in Mendocino
County.
Charles Harris left September 1 for
an extensive Eastern trip and a visit
to the St. Louis Fair. ,
News has just been received of the
arrival in New York qf Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Nordman, who have been
abroad for' the last flve months. They
intend spending several weeks at the
World's Fair and will start for San
Francisco the. first part of October.
Mr. and Mrs. Wolf Harrison an
nounce the confirmation of their son,
Harald, at the Taylor-street Syna
gogue, Saturday, September 24. They
will receive at their residence, 14
Hawthorne street, Sunday, September
25, from 2 to 5 o'clock. £< •.'&¦* "•";'.
John Ed Fitzpatrick. cashier of the
Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company, will
leave next week for New York on an
extended trip to the Eastern cities.
M-lss Katherine Hornsby of 1800
Post street has returned after a visit
to the St. Louis' Fair, and New York.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Mendelsohn of 9
Hyde street announce the barmitzvah
of their son, Lester, at Sherith Israel
Synagogue, Post 'and Taylor streets,
September 17, at 10 a. m. They will
be at home Sunday, September 25,
fkom 2 to 5.
Mrs. D. J. Simmons and daughter,
Corinne, of Sacramento are> visiting
the city. ¦ • , , '
Miss Lorena Hoag of San Jose is at
the Mentone after a few weeks at her
country home.
Mr. and Mrs. George Hewlett, ac
companied by Miss Carrye Clayburgh,
will leave soon for an extensive trip to
the St. Louis Fair and the Eastern
States.
months' trip to St. Louis and other
Eastern cities. . •
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Childs, Mrs.
J. M. Breur and George O. Smith left
for an extended trip East. They will
visit the World's' Fair and . all the
large cities In the Northwest.
Mrs.W. H. Cornwell, widow of the late
Colonel .W: H. Cornwell of Honolulu,
is visiting her mother in this city. She
will leave soon.for an extensive tour of
the Eastern cities. Mrs. Cornwell will
spend some time at St. Louis visiting
the fair. . ,
PARK MUSIC
HOME IS FINEST
TELLS CRITICS
TO GO SLOW
HOLD SOLEMN
CONFIRMATION
PIONEER WOMEN TAKE THE INITIATIVE
TO FILL NICHES IN STATUARY HALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY.: SEPTEMBER 12, 1904.
CROWDS PACK MAJESTIC.— "In., the . Pal
ace of the Klnc"- began ;lt« second and last
week at the Majestic Theater last niKht.V The
\uif.o playhouse was packed with' an apprecia
tive auJIence and the play made quite an Im
pression.
7
¦ ADVEKTISKMEXTS.
Br«a\/e Women
Women's delicate nerve organism sub-
jects them to so much suffering, that It
is almost -inconceivable .how they; man-
age to fulfill the various household and
social duties, and yet they do — and suf^
fer.y : ••••- -.,.. •¦ .-,
% As a rule they understand the nature
of their delicate organism, but overlook
the : wonderful influence their nervous
system has upon their general health.
They are not sufficiently impressed
with the -fact that all their ills are di-
rectly traceable to tho nervous system.
That their periodical • sufferings and
headaches are due to weakened nerves.
\Dr. Miles' Nervine
Has been wonderfully successful in revi-
talizing the nerves and curing all cases
of nervous disorders and loss of vitality.
:,Thousands of delicate women have re-
gained their health and vigor by. Its use,
and the , thoughtful fortify themselves by
keeping their nervous system strong and
vigorous by its ;use. '¦' ! ,-" ,
; "From a < thin, nervous .wreck, misera-
ble and wretched.. I am - now,, enjoying
splendid health; and it is all' traceable to
your r splendid medicine. ¦: Dr.' Miles' Re-
storative Nervine."— MRS/ MAUD B. OP-
L.INGKU.*Phlladelphla/ Pa.' . . -
•The first bottle will;beneflt,:if not,:the
•drugsist will return your money. >r*v
POSTPM CEREAL.
"STUMPED"
CofJcc Put Her Iu liad Shape.
one of the worst coffee experiences
Is the < as.- ..i a Dauvillc, v'u., lady
who says: \
"I have been married & years ami
always had food health until the j
Upring after my second child was i
born in 1901 my health began giving
away. 1 «ai a coffee drinker and
commenced having many pains about
rn> heart after eating, was very ner-
irous and kept jjettinjf worse until
June. *
"My physician could not help me
md 1 took everything: I could think of
liui kept getting worse; so Jn August
1 saw another doctor who said I had
Benrotu dyspepsia but who diJ not ;
help me any and by thut time I was
.•;*» nervous It seemed I would go crazy.
I did not have energy for any-
thing and could hardly eat anything
/ iid became so weak I could hardiy
v.rtlk, had to stop nurBing my baby
uid in September I changed my phy-
K.rian again. The next one said I had
fr-male trouble, that I would have to |
I e operated' on, but I would not have ;
HmX fo I kept changing physicians and |
MttSM wouJd sny one thing and some j
i.rother and still I got worse until j
I "member when I commenced with!
:*rvous con\'ulsions and was taken
•:, in bed. 029
Lly husband got the very best doc-
t( n. that could be found in our reach, i
I '-ir-4 stomach pump for 12 months .
-:<i -.va» In bed three 'months straight I
••¦'..<X I wouM get so nervous I could \
¦¦¦¦' speak, but I never suspected the j
ceffte. I would go for days and not i
'.ouch Folld food. By Mpxch, 1902, Ij
' •'•'* eo nervous J could not eat any- j
•king: I wanted, had fainting spells, |
BiJ ?ycs were so weak I could not do
'«:¦>¦ sewing and I took bottle after
' 'He of medicine until laet Chrlst-
1 'is having heard so much about
i'<ii;m I decided to try it.
"I commenced using Postum — made
• iroi.g Rnd drank It three times a
« nnd It has made the most won-
' ' *ul change you ever heard of. It '
v -is not long until I stopped using my
• riach pump, was not constipated
•"">- moT* and I have not bousrht a pill
*"" -in>- medicine since. It completely
*«r«»4 me and not only this but ire all
ihln* It a delicious drink — finest we
fc»ve ever taned." Name given by
Pfstum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Liock tn erch pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to "WeHville/.' ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPANY
GROCERS
Tel. Howard 198S. 110 Tovztt ft.
;; SPECIALS
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Best Flour (any brand), per sack. .91.15
Keg. 1 1.30.
Creamery Batter, per square ....... .30c
Res. size; good for table; always sold
for 40c.
Eome-Made Jams, 16-oz. Jar ISc
Vacuum top. ' Reg. sold for 20c.
California Cream Cheese, per lb 10c
Keg. 15c lb.
Bine Bell Sugar Corn, per can 10c
Keg. 15c can.
Crosse tt Blackwell's Anchovy Vast*
2-oz. Jar for 10c
Always sold for 25c. •
Flaseman's Fancy Biscuit, in lb. tins. . 10c
Usually sold at 30c.
Emi, Eastern Sngar Cored, per Ib..l3}£e
Keg. 15c lb.
Gold Dust, 2 packages 35c
Reg. 20c package.
Seeded Saislns. per package So
Reg. 10c package.
Evaporated Cream, Eli Brand. 2 can9..15o
Reg. 10c can. Every can guaranteed.
Virgin Brand Castile Soap, per bar. . .23c
Others sell it at 35c.
Petalnma Banch rgrsr>. every one guar-
anteed, per doz 30o
Reg. iX.
Choice Breakfast Coffee, per lb 15o '
Usual price 25c.
Malted Oats, per package..'. 5c
Sold at 15c.
. ¦
Wo pay freight on orders of J5.00 and
over to points within 100 miles.
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and S1.00 per bottle. For
! sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
' 28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured-
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
East Thro'
Yellowstone Park
* For a little more money and
time you can add tho greatest
trip in America to your Eastern
Itinerary. The low rates during
September and October, via the
Chicago, Milwaukee
; & St. Paul
Railway
¦ trake the trip to.Chiea*o and re-
turn, with side trip through Yel-
lowstone Park, inexpensive. Ex-
rellent train service makes it
pleasant.
. Via Portland. St. Paul and the
'Vlonetr Limited, or rla. th» Over-
land Limited and Omaha.
Call to-day for complet« In-
formation and make your reaer-
vations early.
Tickets— 635 Market St.
C. Xi. CANPIZLS,
General Afftnt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KF.ABXY ST. EstablUb^d
In 1 S5 1 (or tbe treatment nf 1'rivntit
tlbmtmn, •/«» Manuood. Debilit.r ur
rfU#ns» « ennmr'm bodrami mlnrt and
Skin DiiwnsM-Tbe Doctorcure«wli#n
others fall. Try him. rhi»r«;r« low.
<"nrr«ruar»ntfr<l. Call or write.
, l>r. J. **. UIBBOM, Han Francisco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULr USE DAAIIANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; i:ives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
r Steamers leave Broadway
/CV^-^SiX wharves (pier* 0 and U).
/9"/r an Francisco:
; /4/TOJ '»)» \U\ For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
I I VS>Ka 1 I Juneau. Halnea. Skagway.
I V WifrL ! I *'<¦<:¦¦ Alaska— 11 a. m.. Se?t.
\*\ \\ * Va'J 12 - 17 » K « rs ' Octoo** 1 *¦
j VSv'^^y/ Change to this company's
>!?Af«»i\'L/' uteamers at Seattle.
r*<S^^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B«l-
llngham— 11 a. m.i Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2 Change at Seattle to this companr'.*
steamers for Alaska and O. tt. Ry. : at Se-
attle or Taccma to N. P. Ky.: at Vancoover
to C. P. Ry.
For Enreka <Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :.T>
' p m.. Sept. 13. 19. 25. Ortober 1: Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 1H. 22. 2S. October 4.
For Los Ange!e« (via Port Los Anxeles and j
' Redondo). San Dlero and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, U a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea»t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui. Mnn-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Karford (Saa
Luis Oblepo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta 9 a. m., Sept. 12. 20. 23. October «.
Coca Bay 8 a. m.. Sept. 8, 16. 24. October 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose <!M
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Tar. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas *M^t.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain fold»r. RUht
Is reserved^ to chang" uteameTS or eailtng dates.
TICKET OrPICXS — 4 New Montsom-
ery st. (Palace Hot»l>. 10 Market «t..and Broad-
way wharvw. Preixht OSct, 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
Call for and eh«-k bereajre from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
qceanicS.sxo. a^'sSs
3 55. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept. 11. 11 a. m.
<s S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sent. 17. 11 a.m.
; s" S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 23. 2 p.m.
1 1 d sPBicms&Bsoi co., ir.i,iic'fltaaa6Hiu-
I tet. rtiWii cac; 323 mva sl, Pft 7, Pasil: i:
C0MP1G IIS G55XB»LB TRASSiTI.AHT QUZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,---.
-allir.s every Thursday Instead of -cSj^i)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -^^^"
North River, foot of Mnrton st.
"First class to Havre. $70 and upward. *«J-
ond cla«» to Havro. *43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa«
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenae. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all R»Hr.*il Ticket Agtnts.
To XT. 8. Wavy Taxi and Vallejo.
Stmr H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay St.. north end terry Sldg.-Week Uay.
&•»? AM 3 and # S P. M. : Sunday*. S»:Jt>
1 M 8 P M. Leaves Vallejo-Week day..
«-0O A M., 12:20 and S:"» P. M-: Sundays. 5
P M Fate. 25c each wsy. Excursion rat«»
Sundav» to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlnea.
3Cc round trip- PIPER. ADEN. OOODAO.
CO. Phone Main <m. -Saturday e»cept«d.
To V. B. Wavy Tard aad YaUejo.
Stmrs General Frisbie. Hontlcsllo and Arrow.
O'*5a-.in.. 12:30. 3:15. «. 8:30 p m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:13. 6 p. m- (ex. Suju): Sun-
davs 7 a. m 4:15 P- **>• - l*l«r 2. foot Illu-
sion street; phone Main 1308. HATCH BHO3.
ADVJEKTISE31EXTS. !
v - SSfiE
SEALSKIN JACKETS,
/ Best Vo'uss in America,
$100 to $350.
...SPECIAL...
Cloth Jackets
For Women, Misses and Children
<t^ 5O Originally
%&£*= $7.50 to $18
Aa a bargain til« offering 1 is noth-
ing short of extraordinary.
The women's Jackets are in both
black and colors — and every slie from
33 to 44 is among them. Those tor
mlssea and children are in desirable
colors, and the lot includes all sizes
from 4 to 20 years.
Styles are not the latest,' of course,
but every Jacket is brimful of srood
looks, comfort and service.
Ton will find them on a Bargain
Counter in our Basement Salesroom.
Bent Fcnret Our XTumber.
Edison '.Gold Moulded Records
Seduced Saca
F»ETER BAC1GALUPI
. Edison Th no&raph fien-y
788 Mi«SlON *>T., ©an Francisco
¦V. Open Saturday Evenings.
fw FAVORITE
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zs the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour DruffgriKt or at SUS HAIGHT ST.,
~- fan Francisco. Cat -THE; SAN^FRANCISGOHCALL,-' MONDAY," SEPTEMBER -;;12, -1901
8
-H--PIiOT-I_--IT WAKTXP— r«nal-— Coa
MIDDLE- AGED woman would like a situa-
tion; as"houseke«per ' where there Is one or
two children; is a good 'plain cook, fond of
children: reasonable; no postals. 138 Henry
Bt... between Fourteenth and Fifteenth, near
' Noe. - ' »¦¦¦•,...¦ - ¦- ¦'
THREE Finnish young women want positions
* In -families; .general housework; references.
829% Third -t. ' '
GIRL wants position ' as telephone girl. Box
130L Call, of flee.
PLAIN sewing wanted by competent woman.
257 Minna -treet.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation. Bo_ 1203.
CaU office.
SITUATION as nurse. ¦ Box 12S5. CaU office.
YOUNG lady desires position; clerical work.
O. M.. box 1213. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wants steady work. Call or
address 675 Kansas st.. bet. 18th and 13th.
WOMAN would Ilk* any kind %t work by the
day. 1217- Howard st. •
WANTED — Position as nurse girl. Address
box 1225. Call office. ¦
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, position as
housekeeper. 1605 Fulton st. near Lyon.
WANTED— Few families' washing >ta tak.
home. Card or Inquire 2&19 Baker st
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes' to work
for families. Phone Cedar 142. Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes general housework;
.wages $15. 2336 Brysnt st, near 2_d.
A YOUNG lady. wants a pcMtton In some of*
flee; Inexperienced.' Box 1289. CaU office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call st Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
E---W-O TME-CT WAH TED — BAM.
COACHMAN and gardener, fully understand-
ing care of private place: sober reliable;
best references. Box 2106. Call office.
COACHMAN and chauffeur: private family:
best city and personal references; city or
country. Box 1339. CaU office.
HONEST, willing young man wants position as
porter and help tend bar. Box 1222. Call.
YOUNG draughtsman, graduate from Germany,
with two years-" experience In shops and two
years' office work In. New York, desire*
' like position In San Francisco. Address F.
LAZARUS. .216 Lenox ave.. New York City.
MIDDLE-AGED man with several years' ex-
perience as collector and salesman In all
branches of Installment business wants a
steady Job: can give best of reference and
Imn.l if necessary. Address box 1236, Call.
OFFICE man with executive ability, strictly
up to date In accounting and correspondence,
seeks engagement: will audit or systematize;
refw-ences. Box 1210. CaU.
NURSE 'male), graduate training school,
wishes .case any kind: first-class American
and Enrllsh references: thoroughly under-
stands work; used* to travel. Box 1330. CaU.
COMPETENT man-' having years. of experience
wants nonltlon as manager of grocery or
would sell specialties in city or State. Box
1329. -Call office,' '. . •
A* JAPANESE faithful boy deslrea a olace as
dishwasher or any kind of work after 7 p.
m. . HENRY. 130.1 Vi Castro st. .
YOUNG man.' h»rd worker, wishes position as
siulsiant in land - surveying, topographical
sketching, etc:; any locality; good ciraiiTrhts-
man: excellent references. Box 1386. Call.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier.- German (38),
temperate, 12 years' experience In office
work: references and bond: ¦ country pre-
ferred. Bor 1048, CaU office. • J, -
JAPANESE college graduate >w*ants a sltua-
• tlon s - few hoars In forenoon ; speaks very
fine. Addresg box 1068. Call office.
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants situation In good
family. Address H. W. X.' 332 Washing-
ten *t: j ..-'...
YOUNG roan would Mke - elevator position In
office- building Or. wholenale house; has ex-
perience. Box 1 211." Call. _^
FIRcT-CLASS all around .man wishes position
by day 'or week as house and window clean-
er. ¦ Address box 2102. Call office.
POSITION by first-class planlng-mUt foreman;
sober and reliable.' Box 1390. Call office.
Oakland. • ," .
A F1R8T-CLASS. independent, licensed plumber
wants wrirk by the day or week; has all nec-
e.vary shop tools.. Box 1240, CaU office.
AN /honest, *o_t-r man of good -habits wishes
a room for some -work daily In this city. Ad-
drers box 1C-7, . Call office.
A COMPETENT engineer wishes position: does
his own pipefittlng and repairing; 7 years in
last place. . Box 1220. Call. . .
ACCOUNTANT, six years In charge: especially
.recommended for accuracy and honesty; $60
-a month to. start with. Box 975, -CaU office.
GERMAN; 23 yean, until now In Hamburg ex-
port firm, wishes position; salary, moderate.
Box 037. Call. . '. . ¦
WANTKX> — Situation by experienced collector;
be*t references given and bond If necessary.
Aodress box 1015. Call office. Oakland.
WORK wanted, at home; translations. Eng-
lish.. Italian. French. Spanish: correspon-
dence, etc. Box 1028. Call office.
POSITION by an experienced traveling sales-
man, familiar with Pacific Coast and Orient
Box 10S3. CaU office. . ¦
BOY wants a position as errand boy. S Ship-
ley st .
WANTED — A position as waiter. Box 1061,
Call office. :
SITUATION wanted as flrst-clat* salesman; Al
references. Box 10CO, Call office.
BOY wants job as a cash boy. 915 hi Filbert
street.
WANTED — Situation as porter in saloon. TOM
BLACK. 3G Fourth" st.
BOY wants to learn trade. HERMAN GOLlT
STEIN. 65 Shotwell St.
PLUMBER wants job. 14 Laskle st '¦'¦"¦
SHOW card writer wishes position. Box 1062,
Call office. 1
BOY wants position to learn plumber's trade.
S44 Jessie ______________
WANTED— Job as candy maker. RAY
STRICKLER. 6 Mary Terrace, off Turk st
BARBER wants position. Apply 1557 MIs-
slon st ¦ " • -
BOY -.-ants a position In a wholesale house;
references.' Apply at 1326 Eddy st'
BLANK book forwarder wishes employment
Box . 961. CaU office. ¦¦
WANTED— Position as waiter. Apply 800 Mis-
slon st. ¦ ¦
WANTED— A job as watchman. L BERRY.'
810 Powell st. •
POSITION as model-maker. Box 1297. CaU
office.
WANTED — A position as cashier; bend given.
Box 1_S-. CaU office.
A CITY salesman desires a position. O. S .
121 Sixth st .
BARBER wants short hour work. 827 Turk
street ".. ¦
AN experienced bookkeeper wants to g-et work
Sundays ; and evenings. Box 1200. CalL -
WANTED— Position * an janitor. Apply ¦ 320
Jessie st H. JONES.
WANTED — Position • as dry goods sale-man.
1224 Market >t. ; • : . . ¦ ¦
! CARPENTER desires work; contract or by
j day. 2027 Taylor, st -
WANTED — Work as porter. JAMES PAR-
- SONS. .276 Thlrte«nth st. .
WANTED— Position ¦ as drug ' clerk. EDDIE
8AMPTER, 20 O'Farrell st.
GARDENER (German) wishes position on pri-
vate place. . Box* 1318. .Call office.
BL'ANKBOOK forwarder, wishes ' employment
.Box 901.- Call office. ..- - : ¦>
JAPANESE boy wants schoolboy position. 1753
FIHmore ¦t^te&SEHSlBS-----MMlNRH|_flli
ELECTRICIAN'S -helper wants position. Box
1388. Call office. * ... .
SPANISH-AMERICAN' veteran needs employ-
ment'. -441 Geary, St., room 27. -.... ;
YOUNG man wants light work. Address C. F
'61514 Bush st. - ;• . ,
WANTED^-A" position " as ' a machinist Apply
42 Tent* st. : . ______
HOTTEST.- willing young man wants position aa
porter and help tend bar. ¦ Box !___, Call.' • - • .
IMPIO TIXE-TT WA-fTl-P — -CaJe— Can.
BOOKKEEPEIU-Younr man. thorough ao-
countant experienced In handling eredita
and correspondence, understands latest roetn-
ods. desires situation where some «x_cuttv«
ability is essential; excellent references; sal-
ary moderate. Box 1107. Call office.
A CHINESE experienced first-class cook. ___»-
Hsh. French, wishes position; city hotel, res-
taurant, boarding- house; meat and pastry
cookery: clean, neat; good references: satls-
factlon. CHARLEY WILLMON. ltl- Clay.
1 A JAPANESE 11 years with present employer,
wishes position In private family as waiter
or housework: exceptional references ; *7 up
week. H. S. O.. 933 Sacraxnento st. city.
A RELIABLE Japanese schoolboy wants a po-
sition In good, small family; has good rec-
ommendation an- will stay for long tlm_.
TOMI. care 132!> Pin* »t.. M. E. Church.
GOOD, honest Japanese boy wants work to
dental laboratory, city or Oakland; have two
years* experience. K. OTSUBO. 373 -"to*
¦t. Oakland.
A JAPANESE good boy wants a situation as a
schoolboy or house cleaning In a small family.
K. N.. 533 Sixteenth st. Oakland.
7LATS TO UT.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa la_n«--« list:
service absolutely fre«: tak* advantage of
this department; It will wave you tin* and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. _-_-_-_>
Geary at. on the square.
TO LET— Lovely flat. S large sunny room* all
modem: grand view; 73- Dolores st. corner
Liberty: rent low to responsible party.
SCOTT and Fulton, N. W. comer, opposlt*
Alamo Square — New lower 7 rooms and bat-.
facing garden; large yard; rent $33.
WARM belt; « rooms: bath; nearly new; olc«
garden; basement; cheap. 4237 -Ota st. nr.
Castro. *
NEW 7-room middle flat. $32 50; new ft-room
house. $35; latest improvements. ISO Second
ave.. near Sacramento st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
ob LYON tt HOAG. 116 Montgomery *t,
SACRAMENTO. 1030. above Powell — A nlc*
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath.
CAPP. 1086 — New sunny flat. 6 rooms and
bath: good residence district
FLAT of 4 or 7 rooms; reasonable; 7 months.
Apply News Agent. Mill Valley.
GEARY. 22S7 — Flat 3 rooms and bath: flB.
GROVE. 644— $27: a flne. Cat.- 8 sunny rooms
and bath; modern Improvements. Apply -42.
HOWARD. 2939—6 rooms Ad bath; every
room sunny: rent $25: no children.
NEW uuoer flat: 7 rooms; every convenience;
rent $2- CO. 330 Preclta a-re.
PACIFIC ave:. 2408. near Flllroore— Flat of
6 rooms: sun In every room; large garden.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3983. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and b. : cars pass door: $20.
VALLEJO. 1261. near Hyde ears—^-New sunny
upper, rt rooms, bath: marine Ttew: reas.
yi_AT8 TO LIT— -tOj-MIHH RT).
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of -?•
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 8 p. m.. 79 Bout-
Park.
DEVISADERO. 1627. nr! Sutter— Handsom*
furnished flat of 5 sunny rooms; reception
entrance and bath: lights free: rent $35.
PLAT3 rOB 8ALE.
MUST sell quick; 6 rooms and bath; low rent;
best bargain In city. SOS McAllister st
ALL sunny, middle flat of S rooms for sale
cheap. 1S47 Fillmore st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, lb pages, sent to any address in th i
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
TXkATS^ rOB SA1JB— 'V U JgtJW IH_H BT>.
VAN NESS. 807— For sale. 1-room furnished
flat; 4 rented.
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-room modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 dally. S24 Geary st
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished 7.
room flat. Apply mornings.
. « i i ~"***"^^_-
rU-tfllTUi-E POB SALE.
FOR sale — 4- room furnished flat cheap; rent.
$20. Call between 10 a. m. and 2 p. in.. __£>
Ninth ave.. Sunset District
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia. nr. 16th. Tel. Churcn 3M79.
H. MEYER * CO. pay highest price for far.
'nlture. carpets. «tc 7S2 Mission :tel.Bu__ 813.
A FOLDING bed. $3: top mattresses, $2 SX
ANDERSON'S. 19 Turk st. Just off Market
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 SO down. $1 80
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Pot »t
, jru-tJ-'-'Ui-E WABTEO,
ABE LEVT^
Salesroom. 1133 Market st Tel. Jeasl* 78L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fu*-
nlture. etc.. until you get hi* -stlxaata.
EASTERN people want second-hand faro-tur*;
best prices. NAYLOR, 1217 Geary st: phone
Larkln 1048.
KELP WANTED — P_T_XA1.3_.
A^l COOK: short d7Ttan-«rkit-heii help kapt;
$40; good po-ltlon. MRS. LAMBERT. -US
Powell st
A GERMAN or French maid. $00: German or
French refined girl, care of boy 6 years. $_->;
German or Swedish cook. $35. easy placa.
MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell,
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.. "
219 Kearny st. Phono Black 2449.
2 salesladies. 16 to 20 years old. $25, ISO. .
3 waitresses. Al wages.
Young lady, printer and toner, photos. SO.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.. 219 Kearny.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn nalrdreastnar.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to thoie entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; po-lUcca
guaranteed at $10 per week up; - f-MHy
school In West 233 Geary st. room 13. -
A— PACIFIC College teacBes halrdressiag,
manicuring, electric manage, etc; give a
hours' practice a day: add parlor practice t»
schooling: secure positions: day and «w«__njc
classes: absolutely no connect tea with any
place on coast Call 133 Powell st
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; position- as trimmer*,
cslesladies.etc. guaranteed at $10 p#r wk. up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.r. Ii
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON OVglt.
ALLS ~ AND COTTONADC PANTS
STANDARD FACTORY. COR, COLT-B-
AND GROVE STS. . ***"-"»
WANTETD—Pseliabl* young woman, ccokrnr
for 3 and general housework: no washlnx-
no windows; evenings and every Sunday off-
$2_ SO; apply from 10 to 2; 301 Eddy st K*
S. BONELLL . ; *"
LADIES to do light work at home; $10 ta 115
weekly : no experience necessary, as w« rTv_
you complete Instructions. Box 2101. Can.
A RELIABLE elrl assist upstairs work and
children; references: $2A 511 Colo st. near
II— l£ht
EXPERIENCED _irl for store work In beikery
336 Third st.
WANTED— Gorman *lrl; general housework.
Apply 9 to 12. 414 Van Ness ave.
GIRL to asstst with light housework- s!_e_.
home preferred. 1008 Golden Gate avw.
COMPETENT girt for general housework, cook-
ing. In small family. 1234 Geary, cor. 6ough.
SKIRT, hands wanted at 1407 Laguna «t.
TALENTED amateur performers. Aputy .*
Chutes. _ p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— A ainlnir-rooRi girl and charabep.
mald. Mlramar Hotel. 703 Geary u £* TMDer '
TAILORESS wanted. Cu3 Valencia »t. •
GIRL to assist In light housekeeping; •__£«
sleep home. 1183 Valencia st ,*»•"»
GOOD restaurant waitress; wages $3 a <-r__w
one day off. 7 Taylor st- ***•
WANTED— Flrst-class cafe waitress- w.-—
$10 per week. 304 Mason st. * . w *«*»
WOMAN, free from horn* car?*.. can aeewiv re-
fined employment by addressing at o__ bnj
_1C_. Call.otSca. - ITI¥ ¦**¦
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted CO yrs. ; crown.' $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 5* Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
| — No charge ¦ for extracting - when" plates - are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from SS par set; extracting- SOc: gas given.
DR.'KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1093 Market et. room -03; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices. Y ' '
PARIS DenUl Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 SO up: crowfl-.$2 up; fllllngs.-Sc.
GOLD fillings^ 75c; silver, 33c: crowns, $2; no
pa!n';open Sundays. Dr. A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
DR..R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
..; »t.'.to -SO Geary. ,-' ' - - . '
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-denUst,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market. «or. O'Farrell.
;ALL work guaranteed by the New York ' dsn-
tlst*. Dr. Perklrm. Mgr.. W6B Mlnnlon.ror.-tli.
DjBESSMAXEKS AKP SEAMBTE-tBaiS
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. c!ass;1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife- plaiting. Stew«
arfa button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 ws
:, moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
«t.,: between Third and Fourth;- more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university. . law and medical col-
leges I'refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50: positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS'COLLECE. 1435 Mar-
ket, gurantees pcslttons to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, at cay. cyanide: day. ev. : est 1864; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Man., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
;i33 Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet educated Ameri-
can to get English for electr. engineering.
Box 1391, Call office.
PROF. BAKER'S Boxing School; open even-
Inge, 7 to 10; terms. 12 lessons $10; all pri-
vate. 121 Sixth ft. ¦ •
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.: position* secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st Send for catalogue.
PIANO LESSONS. 36 GLEN PARK AVE.
NEW ENGLAND CONSERVATORY METHOD
WANTED— Voices to Join new choral society.
Particulars 12C0 O*FaiTell st.
KENT. Law School: day and nlcht; send, for
particulars. S36 Parrott building.' ' A
ADULT and Juvenile classes* now open. H!n-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH.French.etcProf.DeFIIippe'sAcademy
of langtiages.1018 Post: est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally/ MIfs M. O. Barrett. 302 Montr' my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine »t. — Night clais.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 H-iicht;
individual lnstruc: all branches;- day. »v_.
WESTERN Business College.- 110Z Mkt. com-
r-Iete course. $6 mo. $30: eve. $4 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA. Business College. 925- Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75-pare catalog on r»nue«t
EMPLOYMENT OrjTICjBa.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. S30 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japan«se-
Chine-e help. 426 Powell st: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE- Employment. Office — Best' help- at
Leon Srung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
WE furnlKh bookkeeper*, clerks, stenographer*,
general help. "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
bent help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. ;tel.Bu»h'S59.
RELIAPLE Japan*-se-Chlne?e Employment Of-
all kinds help.. 315 Stockton; Main 5188..
CHINESE and Japanese h*lo; ertab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1007.' BRADLEY & CO.. MO Clay.
EMPLOYErC-Tr WAITTEP— PEMAIJB.
RELIABLE woman would like place to take
care of children by day cr night; reference
If required. Nuts*. 058 Mission st
WANTED — Position as -governess or lady's
companion by -Accomplished young lady, with
references from best of families. recenUy
' from Germany, talking four languages. Ap-
ply box 1385. Call, office. ¦• - - . - •
STRONG, competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, wants light sweeping and wash-
Ing by the day: . fine .laundress: cheerful
worker: $1 25 and car fare. 189 Fourth st;,
first. flight; room 24. . • • . ' .; ,
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist with llghf. housework In "a
small family; wages $15 a month. Call ll'i
Bruce place; no calls answered without car-
fare. - ' ;
POSITION wanted as, governess. or In private
school or convent by thorough musician: 14
years' experience teaching; piano,' singing,
German and Engllnh branches, > literature.
Box 1435, Call offlcs. . . • . .< . ¦ ,
WANTED— By a New England woman, a sit-
uation as cook and kitchen work. Call or
address New. England Woman, ; 45 'Stanley
place., off Harrison at. ...
A COMPETENT girl wishes' position. $25 to
$30; best reference*: no . oostal. Call Mon-
day. 119 West Park at, near. Mission; take
Culina -.car. >,-¦. ¦;, ¦ •
A STRONG woman wishes . work washing on
Monday; half day Friday, sxvseping - and
duttlng. Call Saturday evening -or Sunday.
145 Twelfth st. . >
WANTED— By respectable woman, washing
by. day.- or half day. Please, cell et 3275
Harrison at. ' ' - ' » • ¦ i
HOUSEWORK, cleaning, scrubbing) or any
kind of light work; office cleaning. Box 1023,
' Call office. . . . ' - i
WOMAtf ¦' wants > work In the country. ' -Box
1C21. Call. office. ; / : • .
DRESSMAKER, experienced, wquld like a few
more engagements by the day-, good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 1027. Call.
WANTED — Place to ' take . charge of house as
. housekeeper; good references: Box 1059,
Call office. ' ; ; < '. ¦
COMPETENT". -American, and fGerman cook;
flrst-cla3i references; car fare. Box 1221.
Call office, i ¦¦ - • :- n
WANTED— By lady of middle age. assist as
- housekeeper; fin* seamstress; In nice family.
Box 1389, Call office. ]
LADY would like position as nurse for one or
"•' two. children; willing. to travel. Call or ad-
dress, S09. Post" st • - ;' '
BY young I colored woman, -sweeping or clean-
ing; by day or hour. Call .or address . 16
. Stockton place . . t~ -
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
' housecleanlns: SI' BO- and car fare. 1 MRS.
OSGO 'D. 115 Hayes st. -
YOUNG -lady ¦ wishes \o- coach ¦ children ¦> or
adults In primary* and rrararaar studies. ••Ad-
'. dress MISS A. Ii, 1032 Sanchez " st > ' ¦;.>
A : YOUNG Germ_n • lady. - with a child of 4
- years, want's po-ltlon as housekeeper in good,*
. small family. . % Box 1382, Call office. Oakland.
WOMAN -wishes; to assist - In restaurant or
boarding-house. Call at 7 Baldwin Court, off
, Fols_m st, near First. .. > \
A YOUNG' woman wants posltlon ; as working
¦ housekeeper in hotel; wages $25; would go to
country:'. experience;- refs. . Box 944. Call.
POSITION as .-saleslady 'wanted; best of reC-
erences/- 614 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants wishing and ironing by the
day.v 321 /Valencia: st.- ; '¦¦¦•./.¦•
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid. Address box
105S. Call office. <:¦¦¦.. - .
WANTED — Plain., sewing, by the day. -Box
1070. Call ? office. .-.,'-,. . ,
SITUATION ' to make buttonholes. 515 Llb-
¦ ",¦ erty ¦ st.' : . . .--¦.--?'•¦-.-"— --^ • ._.-.-
YOUNG' lady would like- plain sewing by the
: day..; 544; Jessie st. ¦ ' . , . V. '
POSITION wanted as seamstress. Box 1306,
'.'¦; Call- office, v •.:¦"¦¦; ; •
BTTSPffESS CHAlf CEg^ ¦
A— $1000; BAKERY;best locaUon In the Mis-
sion; rent J15; all store trade; baking 1%
barrels per day; 4 years* lease; - living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kcarny -U
A— 54CO; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16: a good paying bua-
ness. See R. G. WIKB. 2tf% Kearny St.
A— $900; BOARDING and rooming house; _0
rooms; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; good
pavins and old established house; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE, -64 Kearny tt.
K— $2500; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
across the bay: 6 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; nneat_locaUoii i In
»rood business town. R. O. WILKE, 29 >_
Kearay st • ¦ ;
A— $900: CORNER aaloon on Fourth st; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place ettabllshed
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
St>% Kearny st. .
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to (200 per menth. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny -t
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Folsom s_; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying business.
Sea R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny 3t.
A— $1750; BAKERY, ettab. many years: dally
receipts $50; baking 3V, barrels day;very Jjcst
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.2t)Vi Kearny
$_000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elsgant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of tnls city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26ij Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living looms; rent $25:
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st CaU R. G. WILKB. 26%
Kearny st. *
A— $lS00: CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations In this city; rare cnance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2ti& Kearny tt.
A— $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
St.: 4%-Jyear lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>»_
Kearny et. "V '
A— $2(iOO; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rocm-. dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion;, rent $100; horse.
«arn and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26fc Kearny st.
A — $3-00; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.: rent $60: living- rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $2t«K>: CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. Se. R. O. WILKE.
_6% Kearny st.
A— $S09: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sundny work. R, G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; on Montgomery st. vicinity of
California: clace must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. i
IF you wish to buy or sell property of airy
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon - or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or- a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 3465.
FOR sale — Corner grocery with saloon at-
tached; good trade: flne location.
SEAL HOCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market st..
Rooms 41S-419. Tel. Folsom 3468.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, HIS Market st.
Saloons $350 to $7500
Rooming-houses $275 to $1230
Restaurants $950 to $2500
Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar stands $125 and up
Bakeries $175 to $500
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a flne located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on it; old age the
cause. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING. Bartlett Springs,
Lake County. Cal.
$600— RESTAURANT; north Market. near
Kearny; stands investigation; rent $60. See
BERG. 318 Kearny.
J150 — PARTNER: need partner more than j
money; call at once, gee BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOITSE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT in the business center of Oak-
Isnd. doing a business of $100 to $125. per
day: cheap rent; lease; owner obliged to
leave the State and will racrifice; investi-
gate this bargain. MITCHENER & BAR-
TON, 910 Broadway, Oakland.
GROCERY for, sale — $4250 will buy old.
well-established fancy grocery (Western Ad-
dition); best location; rapidly increasing
neighborhood: flne order route: reasonable
rent. For particulars ad. box 1438. Call: own-
er wirhes to retire: no agents; no trlflers.
INTEREST for sale In grand Santa Cruz Mt.
ranch in order to develop mineral, clay and
coal oil prospects (all In sight) and to open
resort; beft chance to make money on coast
Apply to __-, box 1C56, Call office.
$4000 — GENTS' furni5hlng goods, stationery snd
notion store; established ten years; six years'
jeaEe; transfer corner; splendid location;
business gocd; full amount Invested: rent
$40. Address owner, box 2187. Call office.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm
desires services of reliable, energetic part-
ner with $750: large and increasing profits;
no competition: permanent; steady Income;
experience unnecessary. Box 4687, Call office.
WANTED — A good grocery and bar, without
wagon trade preferred. Box 1202, CalL '
FOR r.aie — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease: on ac-
count of nlckness cf owner. Apply to E.
i:ai."1_R. S. F.. News Co., 342 Geary st^
WANTED— Partner ' In mechanical buMness;
no previous exDerlence reauired:. short hours:
light work; $15. to J"5 a week each; $300
required. 47 Geary ct., room 5.
GCOD-paying. well-established hardware store:
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
_iekne_s; only 5S2-O; will take half city real
csuite. Box 13_4..jCall office.
GROCERY ar..1 bar: a sacrifice on account of
departure; ol_ established; fresh stock; lease;
will Ir.voice II.'.OO; make offer to-day. Ap-
ply 703 Polk Bt. near Eddy. •
FOR sale — Splendid opportunity for man and
wife: a restaurant in best location that you
are looking fcr. For particulars address box
1047, Call office _-
FOR sale — News and stationery store; well lo-
cated: long established and doing good busi-
ness. For particulars address K. F. FRIEND
429 K 6t., Sacramento, Cal. -
FULLY equipped end Rood paying butcher
shop for sale: $300. . For particulars apply
at 301 Eddyst
FCR tale — Dairy. 30 cows, 3 hones, 2 wagens,
fina private route; with or without lease. Al-
p»a Ucse Ddry, 9 Otega av.. nr. Ocean View.
$2600 — GOOD ccr. salocn; long lease; good lo-
*cation: best beer seller in neighborhood. Box
1279. Call office.
WANTED— Suitable party to start bay and
river freighting efflce; no capital required;
free rent. Box 1015. Call office.
PARTNER to buy half Interest In established
nursery and landscape business: good chance
for right man. Box 1110. Call office. - S
I2S00— RESTAURANT, close to Call building:
seats 75 Deople; lease; low rent: receipts $75
per day: large ttock on hand. Box 863, Call.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; beet location:
!ong.lea*e; owner must leave, the city; no
arenls. Inquire salocn 338 Ninth at. . ,
$!200 — CORNER saloon and mercantile lunch,
feeding CO to 70 daily; forced to cell. Par-
ticulars. 301 Mission bt.
$150— PARTNER In honest business; _ will pay
you $100 per mo. with your services; short
hours; investigate. 1130 Market St., office 2.
SEND name _e address to Co-operative Cleaa-
ance-house Co.. 1535' Mission st. . and get
membership certificate free; no .humbug.
A DELICACY store; best ' paying business in
the city; will ¦ sell . very cheap; Investigate.
217 Sixth st
YOUNG man to Invest $200; ' $200 ; a month
guaranteed. Bex 2197, Call office.
WANTED — Small restaurant cr chophoue*;
roust be . reasonable. Call 856 Howard st
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber - shop - and 2 house-
keeping ' rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
WANTED— T« buy a cigar stand or to rent a
place to open one.. .Box 1507, .Call office.
LODSUrO-HOUSCS FOB SALE^Coa^
, , ."(A WIRELESS MESSAGE)'
MARION GRIFFIN. (Fr ° m) '
i (Read) . s
• '¦ ¦¦ (and be wise.) '.-¦
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance,
cor. 3d and Market sts.; phone Black 3607.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles'
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 19 r LAP r GE
rooms. In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
. attractive house. with pretty entrance and re-
ception hall; newly • furnished apd cjean;
clears $00 monthly: mostly apartments, hence
very little work; all brtcht ar.d sunny outside
rooms; it's a' nice '"bay-window house 1 with
HOT AND COLD WATER- in every < room;
newly calclmined, new plumbing, (all In flrst-
class condition. To examine th!» house se«
• MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN— Just listed; must be sold by 10 a.
•m., Sept. 17; 17 rooms. of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market: _ .years' lease,
price $600; reduced from $1400: house full of
roomers. ' MARION; GRIFFIN. .
DEPENDABLE houses are greatly In. demand:
we have one of - 100 rooms, 'clearing $458
. monthly; books open for your Inspection; long
lease; low rent; make offerf easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house, $5 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only : $450:
long lease; over' $10 psr day clear profit;
for sale at a bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE thousand dollars less than Its value will
take a nicely furnished ; 16-room house: quiet
• and respectable; clearing $78 per month. See
• ¦ . ' i • . MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only 557 rent; modern
house; good furniture; 14 moms; splendid lo-
cation; $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up: properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; 10
rooms. ; . MA?UON GRIFFIN.
PARTLY furnished: 30 ropms: 19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
leaje: $1250. MARION GRIFFIN.
.TRANSIENT. 27-room corner,' house; 4 years'
lease: clears ?200. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; 'clearing $123; all
permanent roomers; If -you. want something
NICE, It t us show you this.
MARION GRIFFIN..
CHOICE location: 66 rooms: rent less than $5
a room for the building; lease: oak and ma-
hogany furniture. MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS: rent $90; clears $90 .'.$ 1)00
27 room*: housekeeping; rent $45 1200
6« rooms; rent $300 '.;...» 6000
S rooms': nicely furnished; with piano. 575
• 30 rooms: attractively furnished. ...... 3000
S8 rooms; r-jnt $65 800
30 rooms; rent $103 1800
25 rooms: rent $60 1400
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008& Market ut.
MITCHELL & CO..
120« Market st Phone Jessie 29S1
Rooming -and apartment houses, hotalii and
flats sold to suit purchascrsUitles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
TO let — 4 new modern houses; unfur.; rent
$5 per r. : central: also. fur. houses and flats
for sale; genuine . bargains; nothing mis-
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk. st. Phone Mint 741.
60 ROOMS.. Bush at.; Al- location: rent $'J00;
lease; well furnished; landlady owns proper-
ty." wishes to. retire; make offer. MITCH-
ELL, -1200 Market st. ',
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, well fur-
nUhed. at 143 Sixth st. -Call 1 to 5 p. m.
gy-Jt-TTOAlgS--.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium: readings this week
25c, 50c; clr.^Mon.. Frl., 8 p. m. 1235 Market.
MRS..J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House. %
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1.
8-68 -7th St.. San Francisco: tel. Capp S56.
CU-IBVOTA-TTS. ' f
A Phenomenal $5 Mental . Reading for $1. \
The '.-great — .KLLSMERE — Ellsmer<! — The
grea*. Egyptian .:'eer, / palmist, . medium;- the
greatest clairvojant In the wurld; teiis your
ttamt, what you called for, whom and when
'you will'. Riarrv. about business, etc.; Ells-
were ¦ Is .different. Irom - ether clairvoyants
because he does what they claim to do;
tiling* that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing, thlujts' th«t seem impossl jle ; he give*
" you -Information." relief," tucccss.'satlsf-CtK/n,
power juk; control of, a*-'- character affecting
any one or anything, past, present or future:
he tells you Just what you may expect and
¦ what to do for your best Interests In 4ny
matter: lie awakers* a natural force within
and around you, giving you a secret power to
remove the cause of' trouble,' influence,
unhapplncss, disease, poverty, failure or/bad
luck that -surrounds you; -he opens up a. 'way.
for success and happiness you desire; a pawer.
to it-iivily chance the thoughts, actions,*
habits or intentions of any one, even ;inlles
awa\ ; remenvber, there Is no guesswork. when
you -.-oniMilt him;4 If affairs of the heart er
' emotions of lovo Interest yo_7~he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affairs; he
advizes you how to settle lovers' quarrels
and enables you to v.in the esteem and love
ot any one you desire. r * ¦
¦J offices. 1007 \i Market street. 3 orflces.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to S. Mail.' $2.
1 A A — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous S5 readings this week' for $1.
PAUL DESTINE. •
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
• Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I tail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and whin
you will marry; In fact. I will tell, every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self.- I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the" ttn aicst possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insure? succet?-
in business, mining, speculation: I Implant t!>e
| controlling power in your nature so you .can
fascinate any ono you desire, win the one - you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marric-e with one of choice. 10 a. ra. • to 8
p.m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell sU, 323.
MME. M. BERNARD, '¦ THE FA M OUS
Clairvoyant and. business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; -he read- your life correctly/gives an
accurate description of the past; reveuls t'ge
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future;, if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with- life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
I suit this great medium , and you will be t-ld
how to overcome thsm; valuable advice In
- all affairs of life;- 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45C9. ,<
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal ' seer and' life' reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for 'Without asking a~ ques-
tion; names given; special. .$1; hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR, young. gifted clalr*. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, ¦ bus.' and. financial success; names;
--..DOcrG., »1..714 Franklin, nr.- G. <3. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vtndome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. vn. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays.. 10 tp 12; Wednes-
• day. evening. , - to 8. -Phone South. 1141.
PALMISTRY, card-reading. MISS 1^ KAHN-
TUS. .704% Larkln: 10 a. m.i 0 p. m.
PROF.' JOHNS, palmist' and P»hy chic card
reader: rcadlnirs 25c; 2 to »-,p. m.- 612 Jessie.
MME. MARSEAU— Card reader; ladles 23 cts.,
gents -0 cts. 545 Minna at
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
i gentJ M)o: 05V Mission. • nr. Cth: open , Sun.
MRS; CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader: .ladlts only. 421- Hyde st.
MRP. BAUMANN; the well-known fortune-
. teller. Is now at 317 : Ellis _t. • ¦
/CARPET BEAT^KQ A-TP CI.gAiriKQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and. rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning • Co.. 3O8 -Market st;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.' • :. ;. t .-. .
WHEN you • become disgusted -with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 .Tehama st. .Tel: South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning!. Works. 1S00 Har-
. rison st. ! Al - cleaning *- 3c. FRED . HAGE-
> PORN _p CO. ; phone ; Mission 225. >;. •
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CGNKL1N**S Superior; Carpet ' Beating ¦ Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126. ¦
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tre-ses made over. 1432 Howard ;teL South 2i«.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Ca. 402 Sutter, st.;
tel: M>ln 394. • GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable.^ 1703 Harrison st.:Ul. -Mission 263.
CI.OT--I_TO BE-TO VAXIirO. . -
SUITS, cleaned and pressed, $1: ecouring .and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Dnimm 44. : . Call for and dellTcr. frea. ¦
OTriCBB. <
Bad ' tenants ejected ' for $4; collections - made;
city orcountry.^ Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Montgomery, rooms 9-10; lei. Main C5S0. :
THB_^CALL
/ -
JOIIX P. SPni-Cl-O-S Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT .^Manager
\V. J. SIAI-TIX Bu-lue-S Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. Tiie Operator Will Con-
nect You With t_c Department You Wish.
Publicaticn Orflpe.... Market snd Third. S. F.
Editorial Roo_3* 217 t» 221 Stevenson _t
Delivered by Carriers. -0 Ct*. Per Week, 7-
CU. Per Month. Fins'.e Copies 5 CU.
Term, by Mail, raciud ing -Po.U_- 'Cash With
O^-Uer) t
' DAILY CALL <includ. Kunday>. 1 year.. $9. 00
DAILY CALL. Unclud. Sunday). 6 raos... 4_«iO
DAILY CALL— Uy -tuple Month ••«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year JJg
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year £_££
f Dailv SS W) Per Year Extra
FOREIGN j s^hY: 4.15 Per Year Extra
PO_XAOL. { we*.kly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ear_p!_ Copies will be forwarded when re-
<_uested.
Mall tubi-cribers m ordering change cr ad -
dress _hould be particular to rive both W-«
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to incur* a
prompt and ccrrcct compliance with tneir re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
id* Bread way Telephone Main 10_3
BEnKKLEY OFFICE:
3<8 Center Street Telephone North 47
WASHINGTON CO-RESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STAND:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Sc_are: Murray HP.l Hotel; FUth-avenue
Hotel _r,j Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Gj'-*
Northern Hotel: Trrmont Ucuse; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESK. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2019." >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICK of the Fan Francisco Call.
corner MarKrt and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1CCS Market street, orpoflte Fifth; open until
11 o. in.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open untU
9:30 p. m.
SCO H-ye. street: open until 9:30 p. m.
_-- McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
«:15 Larktn ?treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
15»41 Mteelon ttr^et; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh ttreet; open until 'J p. n.
1C36 Valencia street; open until 'J p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street-;
open until 9 p. m.
-200 Flllmore street: open until 0 p. ra.
MEETIKO KOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodcr No. 22, F. and m
A. M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING *J\r
at 7:3« o'clock. Flrtt decree. By /V\
order of the Master.
WALTER O. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HKHMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and «•
A. M.— Called mating THIS DAY W
< Monday). September 12 at 7 :30 / V\
t». m. FirK degree. E» order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. SecreUry.
KING SOLOMON'S Ixxige No. 260. F. n»
and A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore st.— Thind VY
degree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ET. ANDREW'S BOC1ETT will hold v C7>^
an lnfornuil reception at 117 Lar- Zft, {# iX_f
kin tt. THIS (MONDAY) EVEN- 'SXi-?*
ING at *» o'clock in honor of JOHN > e__5 l m
SlcLAREN and P. R. McXElL.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President,
J. BLACK. Kecn-tary. *
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Bierra Railway Company of California
Tvlll be held at the offices of the company.
No __» Crocker _u!ldin_. City and County
of San Francibco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the Mb day of February. i'J04, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
cf electing directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of _uch other business as
tray come before said meeting. Dated at
£an Fr_nci_co, Cal., January 23. 1904.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until April
11th 1HC4. st 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. S. 1-04. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
iltli. l:*»4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
April 11. 1904. B. D. FRESHMAN, Sec*y.
The above meeting adjourned until Septem-
ber 12th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
July 11. 19O4. S. D. FRESHMAN. Eec'y.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic process
Irom Jae. C Hager in Mount Pleasant mine,
rear Spanish Ranch. Pluma. County. Cal.,
draining into Spanish Creek, which reaches
Feather River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any protests will be held at room
96. Flood building, San Francisco. Cal., Sept.
26. 1904. at 1:30 p. m. '
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Mike Corcoran Placer Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Etar mine, near Dutch Flat.
Placer County. Cal.. draining Into the Little
Bear River, which . reaches Feather River,
gives notice that a meeting to r-celve any
pretests arm be held at room 96. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. September 19. VHH,
at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS W ACTED.
2. AIL $1 60 for one dozen fountain pens; will
•ell on eight at 25c each: act as agent: many
aeents sell 5 to 10 dozen daily; earn $250
monthly. FIELD CO., SU7 Bush 6t.. S. F.
PORTRAIT acerts: bc_t proposition for city.
231 Post St.. rocm 4. I > , -
ATTO-t-n-TTS-AT-l-AW.
It. W. ICING. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor; entrance ro^m <11; established 13
years: ail ca-ee, general court and offics
practice: no tee in advance or for consulta-
tion; eve_!ng- by spiiCinUn.nt. Tel. Red 3C0L
ADVICE Ire* on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty ; private. c.-ick; no pay in advance;
fading compacie* orr_nized;paterts obtained.
G. TV. HOWE. 1122 Market _t.; cstab. 22 yrs. '
ADVICE free: -ivorce costs $12: quick, quiet; 1
all law bt-ficcss; do charge unless success-
Tul; -Ten evenlnca. __7 Market, room 204.
COI____CTION_. attachsjeat^ mechanic'*
liens, probate, t-r.t-.is ejected. Attorney. 632
Market ct.. room 23.
UJVORCE — Cotlr. $12: quick, q.Iet: advice
tree; all law business: ro charge unite* s-e-
ceMful: open evening*. 0_7 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs J12; no fees or
cost* In advance; all law business; office
cp»r. Saturday evealnrs. 8!9 Market St., r.33.
PATEN'TS. American _nd foreign. EONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCT. 214 Pir.e St.. eth floor.
l_ S. CLARIC <C7 Market, r. S04: consa'.t-tion
lr*e; no fees In ftdvacee; open eve~_3__. " /•
Columbian Uw & Collection Agency, r. S5, 916 \
ilrtUet; te_.John C2_t: Htllefta your business. ,
r~*^ — _^——i—»— _—i——^——^— ¦_———— »«——¦— ——^——^.^ i
AUTOl-OniLES. :
DO'JELE xnotcr electric c_tomcl>Ue: strong
rr.S'-hine: soei lc» convert; cheap.
O'BRIEN"?. Polk rt. end QCMcn Gate ave.
V ANTED — An automobile; K-^cnaLle and In
£oo- orilfr. Bos 121S. Ca!l office.
IjOCOMOBILE. IC-l!Or»« P-*rr; 2 reals; in
pood ruBnlsg or<5«.r. Call 47" Valencia et,
-
KARTZ Mountain cacarirs & African gray par.
rots, jvet received. A. C. Uoblson. -35 Kearny.
_____ __
ASTHMA CUTCE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Kemedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 7-c. -Cc. 1GC2 Market. St. Nicholas;
clso Wlthci t, 10th and Washi^'ac, Oakland.
BOAsangQ ?oe c-cii-OBxy.
WOULD like a «m_ 11 <-'i:M or Safa&t to beard;
crood reference*. 413 Uartlett st.. lower flat.
WANTED— l_tt!o rlrl to bcari _2C2 Mls-
cian ct.
CHILDREN boarded: mother's care; best of
refer-nccs. :.Hi Fifth ave.. Richmond.
Booicg
SCHOOL books, old and sew, bought and soli.
DALY U CURKAN. 6T.7 Geary st.
«___--«-»..¦
COIUCS. tmnlcns, ingrowing nails ¦ removed;
tial&lcM. UK. WOODRUFF. .5- Market st.
BtrsnrEgS CgAHCSg— Cont-BTted. :
A — CAMERON &' CO.^ -Phone South v 1050.
3 Kddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 6-room ark, moored
one . hour's ¦ ride ¦ from city; flne chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fUhlng; completely furnished and , equipped
for housekeeping; . automatic generators . for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
. strictly new and .modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
' obliged to go East; make offer. • CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st- A -' - - '
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city In Califor-
nia: over 4000 population; bold as whole 'or
separately; lino proposition; has the butter
business of the tovn; extensive interests else-
' where only reason for selling; books -open for
ln-pecticn. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
forrmg-.-h-.' cr b'.slness. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN /deal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city:
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 .years' lease: sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 pear
year: price $2_00. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR ¦ Kale — Well equipped millinery store;
1 benutlf ul ' show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; ..clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; flne location; fittings cost more than
price a«k. d; big snap at $1000; elckness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Best little restaurant In cltr: down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; own-
er has other Interests and can't devote his
time to It; snap; $50*. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES ma«e in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. -¦ .
A GOOD hotel in Contra Costa County for
sale. Box 895. Call office.
$400 BUYS flne paying restaurant for man and
wife; good location. -777 % Market st.
INVEST $10 In Ajo Copper Mines; will make
hundreds; share $2. 237 Crossley bldg.
FOR sale^—Dressmaklng and hairdresslng busi-
ness; sickness the cause. Box 1274, Call. .
A FINE cigar star.d for sale. Apply 113
Eddy st -
FURNISHED house of. 10 rooms; price $550
this week; full of roomers. Inquire 725 Polk.
FOR sale cheap— Good cigar stand; good . lo-
cation; cheap rent. 33 Shipley 'St.
CANDY store; must sell on account of other
busine-a; make offer. . 1427 Market st.
BAKERY — All store trade; over $35 dally;
worth $2000; price $2000. 721 Polk st
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1006 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SOP OIKO-HO USES TO! 8A_E.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 10BO.
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances. ¦- .
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease, up to date.' downtown, i modern house:
electric lighte. bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that. ls> clearing
$.150 to $150 at bargain;, owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us. : . ¦•..'-.
26 rooms, new | and elegantly furnished, - on
Sutter; paying . a handsome ' profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars. . '
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture ¦ and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition In city. ' < •
"-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300. .
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. AFameda. or Berkeley property or • ranch
in California; must leave city.'.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central;" . good
furniture .and carpets: .clears. $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. ' '.
12S rooms; cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date' downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $tiG0 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; c!o!«e in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; flne opportunity ta
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and. elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine - proposition ;
_ood lease. .
90-room. new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap .rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500..
ISO rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.' ¦• • -.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; • 5-
year lease; downtown; flne respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
8; in ice $400.
73 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years." lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance S
per cent psr annum; departure.
23 .rooms; central: 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenres; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us. . \;.; i-
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in flne shape; flne little apartment-house;
clears $1-0; reduced to $2800.
Large list. of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER*........:. Phone Jones 031
006 MARKET ST.. COR STOCKTON. I
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His- success In selling .houses over 28 years
in San Francisco is a guarantee •¦ of his fair
dealinr. He guarantees title and/sells the
bargains to his customers. See him. : ¦
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture. .......$ 300
60 rooms; Market et; only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister st; flat... ...450
31 rooms; to. trade for -mall house....:.. 2500
_.-» moms; Hxth and Market; rent $100. . 150O
15 rooms; Ellis st. ; new furniture... ...• 00O
45 rooms; boarding-house: fine ¦ corner. ... 2300
3t> rooms; downtown; reduced to 1100
0 rooms; flne piano; en Sutter st -400
Decker's Special Bargains Not 'Advertised. ¦
6 to 460 rooms; prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER, 900 Market st, cor. Stockton.
110-ROOM HOTEL and ROOMING-HOUSE.
.:•/.¦ All Modern Improvements. ¦
Clears $450 lOver All Expenses.
Small amount cash, balance- as you make
it out of the profits of the house; price re-
duced to $€500 from 512,000. DECKER has
this bargain. ,. Office 006 Market st.
16-ROOM. NEW, MODERN HOUSE. ~
Elegant furniture.
Cost £2000 to furnish, .
Reduced to ?1200; only $500 cash.*-' ':
SEE DECKER. 906 MARKET ST.
22-ROOM house: fine. corner. :
Rent. Only |50. '
Clears $110; price ?700. - worth $1200. ' For
sale by H. C. DECKER. 006 Market tt. I ' '¦
EXCHANGE for . rooming-house— Fruit ; ranch;
flne place. ' See DECKER, 00G Market st.
FLAT of . 10 roomn • and,- bath: •new,' elegant
furniture; cost flfiOO:rnust sell; offer want-
ed. See DECKER, 906 Market' St. ;;,,
FOR sale — Lodging - house. 32 rooms: south of
and near Market st.; rent $95; clearing $85.
Box 872.; Cal I office. ,.-..,"• , : : •
A — 34-ROOM transient house; downtown: clears
__; $200; price $2S0O; no agents. Box 2109,. Call.
n i T t a__ m iiiii wiisiiiBiiiiii mTHE '< S AN- FRANCISCO ;< GALL, MONDAY, , SEPTE M HH R > 12, 1904.
9
* LOST AMTP 'rOXryS~odntlnn«d.
LOST— All of : our competitors; . reduction la
prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBKLE Y
- THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant
187; 1204 gutter at., phone East 817.
LOST— Diamond and opal snider ' pin, • going
from Palac* Hotel to ferry. ! Return to 327
Market st.. National Tee Co.; reward."
LCST^-gaturOay. afternoon, lady's gold. watch;
diamond on ane side; monogram "E. S. C."
on other: pholo Inside; attached to pansy
.. pin; liberal rewcrd. 571 EUIb et.
LOST— Sunday, at the park, black hand bag
with seme money and Jewelry; finder kindly
..return to Occidental Hotel of floe; reward
. Of fgO. :- . - .,-''. ¦'- ¦ ¦ ¦•,'¦•
LOST— A diamond at corner of Sutter and Polk
ets. Finder please return to room 14, 23 Ste-
.'venson st.,'. and fecelve' liberal reward t ¦
LOST— Badge; name Wm. G. Rusk on- bar; re-
ward, CARPENTER, Fisher's Theater. "•• :\
LOST— Small Scotch collie bitch; red ribbon
<>n collar; reward (3,- C02 Geary., ' ¦ _.'"
YOUNO fox- terrier (bitch)-;' white, with black
ears. • Return 223 Twenty-eighth st.
FOT^ND — Gold medal: Jiammtrthrower; name
.: on -.back. Call 1710 nryant tt.-
LAxrarcsss ro» bibb.
C. A. .McNKILL LAUNCH CO., foot' of Clay
•rt.: for pi «a sure and buslpesi; tel. Bush 534.-
J. Mlcha^lls Launch Co..Unlon-st.Wh'arf : boat-
ice * sjtcur*!^! 1 . '• Stfiinrt st. ;tel.John 36JW
riATTBESSES^.'.NO PILLOWS-
TO order; rtnoNated.'dlyinfectfd.Uormaldehvd*
rrocrys/: exeellirnt carpet .cleaning. HOPKE
! BRO.Sy 1432-M4 Howard nt.: Phone South 21B.
mutes AiTp mmva. ' -•
] GOLDFE1LD, New. richer than -Tonopah or
I Cripple Creek ;: greatest < gold camp" In hls-
j tory; fortunes beir.5 . made .while camp -Is
younu;- maps, views and' particulars iree.
P.lK, Elk Gold Mines. 71«D. Italian-American
Hank bide, San Fianclsco. • ¦¦'-
MISCELLANEOUS— -*>n SALE.
2D-HAND. iiiachlnery. engines, toiler*, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, eta; etc., bought, so.d,
rented and exchanged; s<e Sunday . papers.
K, S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery. McIN-
' TOSH & WOLPMAN. 103-107 Fremont st.
'FOR sale— New ami second -hand billiard and
pool tables; ea*y payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BTUTNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 052 Mission. St.' \
DOES YOUR R0OF~LeXk'? i ~"
Repair It with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
nerds no painting or coating: good over. old
.Iron, tin or shingles: bett for new rcos.
ELATEKITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS— Ah we are going tcTmove
to New Montgomery st.,*and to avoid moving
stock, will tell at. big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. jSIC Market, ct.
SHOEMAKERS— I have a shoe patching' "ma-
chine and Wells pat. Jack, cheap; also a
Wheeler &. Wilson family sewing machine.
BROWN. 5C0 Larkin tt.\ . . .:
HANDSOME carriage: fine 'double ' harness:
suitable for livery, hack or family use. 1011
Sutter at. ¦ • • .
A — BUYS, rells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 2S3-256 Spear st. •-¦ -
FOR sale — 10-f oot canvas awning, cheap. At
32SV» Twelfth st. . -^ -".-•' • .
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on «m*U weekly, or
monthly payments. DEKEMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomcry at., room 12; upstairs. . ". 'ftr,
J. COOPER, gents' full. dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to. 21 Stockton St.,
i uj. stalts. . ..." . .. . .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and (1' 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at (2 '50; we 'pay express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam, bid.'; catalog free.
NO. 1 cow and calf. Apply- 307 Thirtieth st.
FOX terrier puppy males (3. 3010 Castro et.,
In Glen Park, JiiKlefidp cars. . , ...... ¦<;.•¦
2D-HAND -bldir. matertar: lumber, door, sash,
plumb. -material; The Dolan Co.. .1607- Mkt.
A FINE lorgnette chalnl with 12 diamonds; -a
bargain. 10 SJxth-st.* . -..-,-
ROOM 8 papered; (4 .up: ttntin'g,' painting.
Hartmanq Paint <Zo...tl9 J Third ;tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, eold and exchangrd.' : T.* D.
McCarthy Co., S07!Mif>lon gt. • tel. South Sli.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring (30; worth
(100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
FOR sale — Ftmt-claes n«w bricks. Apply DR
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021^ Market et. '
SAFES' and cash registers, > new and. second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1320 Market tt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, 8 ale rejiui:
bargains. Bullard & Breek. 131 Po»t st. •
SOME gocd 2d-hanrl gatollne enrlnes/.l to 12
h. p.. cheap B. B.. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO..^. 307 Battery tt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and lnun:h?s:
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Ca.l
IB pages. In wrapper, fwr mulling. «1 p<»r rea;'
_ WAWTS. 1
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealakin*.' dia-
monds, jents" full /dress HUit«, etc.; tend
posi&l f-nrd. . LICIITENSTE1N BROS., 25
Stockton *t. . ... . ., . . .
WHAT will you give In exchange for a kail-
graph typewriter In perfect condition? Bjx
1104. Call office. " ' . ' • - . »
A LADIES' ticket: for Kansas City or -St
Loui«. Box 1631. Call office. :
TILTON wants Rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2551.
WANTED— To buy painting tools or shop;
must be reasonable. J.» Weaver, 1210 Mission.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', srnt'ircastof! cloth-
ing, etc. Tfll. Davi* 825; UfiO Sacramentu et.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 022 Folsom st. : tel. Fol, 3022.
jaOMTBTJTO _ LOAN. '^ \____
AAA— HEHMAN ML'RPHY,"~ '
— C01-CO2-U03 Examiner building.
Quick settlement* ; no disappointments.
Save exDenses by. dealing directly.- i
Estate, second mortgages, undivided tnter-
fstu, as«lghm«nts of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terects 'In property' purchased. * ;..- .' -
Courteous trea,tmcnt. Strictly 'confidential.
¦ When 'You Need Money,-
See HERMAN MURPHY. ' '
•-.-¦ WILL LOAN - - "
A reasonable- amount on
lst.'2d or 3d •-.¦•'.
. ¦ • Mortgage, on real estate or
t Chattels, In city, town - - . • ¦>¦" •'
.. or country. ' . .. .. ¦' >: ¦
¦ Low- rate of- Interest. - •¦ — ¦
. Give full particulars '. ' -''¦¦?:
. . of property or. chattels. -.:."' .
¦ • Location, etc. *. - •
'¦ ..-•¦ Box 400. Call Office. - /. '
PRIVATE— Money loaned on sularlea, without
¦ security; diamonds or. chattels; no fee;, no
com.: cut rate.' Cal Loan Co., 028"Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS—'.- •«•• ¦ - •-". -: ¦•.'¦ :
¦ Mon«y loaned -salaried people .without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
tall and get terms. Drake, 433 Parrott bldg.
A— ON: furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: . also . on real -: estate;
I 1st or 2d mortsasres or on any security; any
J amount O.W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 36.;
HIGHLY renpectable : private "place ;to obtain
.liberal advances on* diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per .cent- Interest. .Baldwin Jewelry Store,
»>C Market;, tel.' Main 1C41. Branch 19 .Third.
MONEY, loaned to salaried people, retail m->r-
. chants,^ teamsters, i boarding-houses.^; without
security; easy payments; large business In .4.0
principal cities. iTolman, ¦ 663 ; Ptrrott "bid*..
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market ;st.
1 .,- v * , LOANS FROM^d^ TO (10.t>QQ. -'\\
1 PER cent on furniture or planes; no removal;
; no commission:; no publicity; (25 up; quick.
; ..quiet. • confidential.' 26 Montgomery st,, rm. 21.
MONEY: to J loan at: low Interest; gold, silver,
• diamonds, pearls and. precious stones bought
' at w.. J.. HESTHAL'8. 10 Blsth 1 st. . r ,.-< •
CRESCENT Loan Co,' loans to - salaried - people
Just on " their note: easy payments. BOO Rlal-
; to , bldg.'. New ¦ JVIontypmery and , MlMlon sta.
MONEY loaned 00 salaries, chattel mortgages,
, lift Insurance policies. etc. United Loan and
Trilst Co..* 21 Stockton, st. - r 1
;^jM0»BY JCO jLO^M—Coatlnnea.
TO salaried people without security: on furnl-
; ture. fnrtorsed ¦ notes ' and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency^ 143 Phelan bldg. '
STAR Loan Co." of Wyoming loons to sa'.arie j
employes. Room 311, Mutual •Say.- Bk. bldg.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.; 006 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate •' ar.d -chattel*. E. W. LICK,
- 1003 Mutual riav. Bank bldg.. 70S Marktt. st.
ALL loftno on diamonds and Jewelry 2.per>cen'
. mo. S..F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
- no com.-.V.. TREMAIN. room £1, 0 Eddy st.
CASH loaned, salaried people on notes without
- indoreer. MORRELL, H00 Examiner building.
' '""."¦ MEDICAL. '. ; .V... '.,_
LADIES desiring- safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
• re patnlegi and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE;' 17 years' experience In all fe-
aisle disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
7C2 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide in me.
I Relief, fcr irregufarHles>. Help for. the un-
fortunatf;. My^tlme Is devoted exclusively to
.these -conditions..': I'm t* 1 * oaiy GRADUATE
I physician" here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 year«. DR. R.
I H - WKSTOy. . office r,K. KEARNY ST.
I JIRH. DR .WYETH. specialist' for all female
. complaints «nd ir regular) ties; instant relief
[ guaranteed; .10 years' experience. F26 Post st.
j MHS. DR. KQHU reliable r peclall-t for all 7e^
mule troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
I Ilef puaranteed. IWS14 Market wt., opp. 5th.
Dl<; O, W. O'dTjnNELI,— All who are nick or
- in trcub'n consult this specialist on femal*
trmpialnts: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the s»iost difficult cases treated;
¦ savlc* free. Office 101S Market *t.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth St.. room 9, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor te <
rteam baths. Office- hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
D~». and Mr». DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
crgtnal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A~ Leaven worth st.. te-
• ¦ f«*«n Geary and O'Fanrell.
LADIEF— Kumround: safe. rure. never falls;
(2. G!earon-Rugg!es Drug Co.. Xearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2093 Folooni st., comer
"2fth: Udlet.relltf cr no fee: (10. - -
HKAljQUAKTgltS tor renung pianos— Lluls
piancn for, «mall rooms, medium size for
..average room*, big pianos for large parlors,
hall*, etc.: planes fcr rent at (1 per month,
tome at IS. a large number o* good ones at
yz f.O per ma.: our own make -pianos, at (3
V«r rso. (the best mrtrutmnt offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine llr,< of elegant largs
1 iencs fcr (4 and (5 per mo.; over (150 In-
ttrunients to telect from, all of them good
bargains to buy a* W4II as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAJ5 PIANO CO., 6CO-*4 Hayes ft.- ..-
A BUNCH Ol- UPRIGHTS— Eaiy Payments.
Erard, imall upright for prp.ctlc. (10
Wuodworth and Allovon.. splendid order.. t>$
Neumann, ma hegany case, a bargain.... 123
Fherman, Clay <c Co., . good order.. ....... iJsS
Grovesteen tc Fuller, splendid order 143
BENJ. CURTA55 A SON*. 16 O'Farrell st.
Al* f2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
tcrma. lowest prices and greatest variety of
~ r.ew planes; all makes in used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary »t.; Oalc-
lend, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here. .
TALKING machines, guitars, etc.; easy pay-
ments^ month's piano rent free. BRUENN.
gS5 Gutter st. * ' ' ¦ '
FINE Relnway square piano for eale cheap.-
I2!>i> Mission et.. near Ninth.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
. hegany case; cheap. Hornung, 21tt McAllister.
£ECOND~-hand piano, (12S. BAC1GAHJPI. r«tt
Mi«»lon st.-
A PRIVATE "party left- Fischer upright to b#
*qld:.(133.- .237 Geary st. .. . :
A 'LOT unredeemed *torat,e plane?, furniture,
¦dlrt.eneap. ' Whltehead's i5tora«*',:iMfl Mkt.'
A FISlTHRR upright piano for sale; as good 2*
new; (l.)5. 237 Geary st.
S011MER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian. piano
¦ player. BYRQN MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
'NEW' Upright "piauos sold on (» monthiy^pay- .
¦ ' ments, SCHMIT/ A CO.. 16 McAllister st. '[ .
3- PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlnj; baby gran-);
'Ehcninger. little used. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S rews for 5 cent?— The Weekly Call."
1 'IB pagep.. In wrunpfr. for, mailing..*! p*r.'yetr
'¦ :¦!. -; . ........ .-.. ...=
orriCEs and sToaas to let.
LOWER pa"t of 425 Sutter st. ; suitable for
' huFlneisa purpoiieti. - " '.^ ¦
A — CALL and eee cur demonstrators,, with'- one-
half of face treated; I runrantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, frrckies.
. . Smallpox ptttinKt!, etc.;'
'..Restore lc*t contour. " •
If yon desire a fresh, young face, call or
write MME. OILL1NGHAM. 131 Powell st
Dn.. POWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysir. neuralgia, pneumonia
•ore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
cver'20 years; prJee 50c. Manufactured .wlely
by ROWELL * BROWN". -.12 Turk st.. S. F.
THE FJar Hair Remedy restores gray hulr, lm-
rrcv.«: its grewth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itrhlr.jt rcalp; 110 .-"lain . or stlcktne**;
rleanres scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept ro sutittitute. Star Remedy Co... IMS Polk. •
MY wife, Nellie, having this day. without
cauye. left "my bed and boar'!. I. will not be
responsible for any debts contracted by h?r
September 10. 1004. • WILLIAM DACS ME.
I Canoerous Ivmps.rore*. impure blood tftffectlnc
*kin. mouth, benes, etc.) speedily curej by
• killed tpectallst from Europe. Apply Ctntrai
; • Pharmacy, rt2S Grant ave. Wnrnt cases cured.
A GUARANTKK TOvUROW HAIR .' '. '.
On the worst bald h<*ad. Call or write.
PR, O, S. MOORE. .TH O'Farrell st.
AT lets than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
• nd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 7U1 Market st. •
VOU.>an buy (7.V wprth of furniture for (1. SO
down, and (1 SOT per week, " T... BRILLIANT.
FURNITURK CO.. 140 Post st.. near Powell
THE Boston Bankruptcy Co. — We have- the
best system of closing nut stocks of merchan-
dise. - Box 1074, Call office. •
A — Visitors. w»: shampoo, manicure, dres* hair,
etc. :' cheapest, beat In city. IXi Poweli st;
SISTIJP. loeklng for brother, name of CA1{-
NEY feCANLON. WrUe to 1S32 Urlon at. ,
EYES examined freeTlTlOS. HOUSEWORTH.
optlclnn. 1894 Market i?t.. rm. 207; est.' 1851.'
gHperfluoHf-halr r-nioved; eleetrte -needle.' M»«.-
t-atcn. 3U0 ijutter. Miss Eaton, '-ict Q«»ry,r.^.
KUPERFH.'OITS hair & moles, rt moved by elec-
trlc'netiHe. LOIS -A. GRAY, 1170 Market «t.
ELEGANT »uit» to order, extra pants or fan:y
vests for (14 75. Fred Wagner.. S5P Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tcnie In the world at 1S10 Sutter st. _¦
ELEGANT (suit to order Al ex. pair pants.$13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. b»t. 7th and 8th,
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
(250. GARIN. J&S Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE tult (7 60; dress pawt^ (2 ftO.
Misfit Clothlpa- Parlor, cor. Bu?h r.nd Dupont.
MASQXTERADI* coftumes.- p»ay bookn, •¦• w1sr»:
s country orders. GOLDSTEIN 4b CO., 1X1 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Enyptian H»nn« restores gray
hair to Its natural color: (1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception,
of advertlzeinenth end subscriptions has been
cpened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m. - .- . .- . -
' • PALMISTBT.
MME. EUGENIE. r the IChelro.-' reveals facts
I that will astonish you, ¦ portrays events, 'de- j
scribes enemies: advice g!v«j.' 478A Turk et I
/_yHysicmis aw sTjaoEOwa.
DR. CC^O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market St.. 'bet.' 6th and 7th: partlcu-
'/ lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. »kln- and diseases a specialty.
: DR. BALL. 1078% Market ft. - . :
REMOVED— DR.: "WONG Hlil. herb doctor.
• treats - all ¦ diseases of . the human ¦ body; for
- past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now. to-
.1 cated at C07 Geary ft., near Leaven worth.
WONG WCO.'tht famous herb doctor— All. dls-
i eases cured -by Chinese herbs. 746 -S Clay et.
v/'-y ;',;; :-r : - patents. , : : ;->¦'¦ . :: -^'
INVENTIONS patented. 4 F. • P, ' MEDINA^ at-
¦ terney-at-Uw. 8 Hefcart bldg.. .532 Market st.
'• -'. >1 .^' m cuAsata^ aosh'cies. . ; >' ;~
CLARA E. JEWBTT " purchasing agent; , coun-
a try orders a specialty; correspondence sollch-
td. 35fS 17tb st., Ban F. ir.clsco. Tel. CappSSO.:
W. J. OUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
. ¦¦ Savinss Union Buildlns;.
f2130 — Webster-st. corner: 23x100; very cheap.
(X700— Union-st. lot: 27:6x110; a fine buy; on
sunny side of street; marine view.
(3100— Green St.; 34:4x137:6; grand marine
view: " ' " - '
(DSO each— Lots 23x120; east side Eleventh
ave.. near Point Lobos ave.: street *rad-
' " ed, macadamized and sewered; lots ready
for bttlldinz; very cheap.
$12;o— Clement at. and Twelfth ave.; NE cor.;
120x50.
(3750— Clement st. and Tenth ave.; 32:exl00.
(lCOO-^Greenwlch: 27:6x137:0: sunny aide:
marine view.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING SITES.
WITH GRAND MARINE VIEW— (223 TO (250
PER FOOT. ..
A bargain on PaclHc Heights; only (00 per
foot: 34:4x137:0.. V. -
W. J. GUNK.
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
(1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chcicfst lots In the ExaeUlor Homestead
Tract: lovel as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsrlcn-tit. electric curs: secure one aa an
- investment and by the time It Is paid for it
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced, during the . past year; buy
now.befcre prices become prohibitive In thir
raplJIy growing section. - *
W. J. WHITE,
2C Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
FOR »a!e— A One cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
high basement: btrect work all dene; a bar-
gain, as I am going East. 710 York st,
between -Nineteenth and Twentieth.
BANK prcccrty at auction. Scot. 17, 7:30
\>. nv: cr>tt»*ts end vacant lots in the Mis-
sion; 1-5 cash, balance easy terms. •-
D. COFFIN. Mlasion. bet. 21«t and 22d.
ELLIS ST. HOME. . 1010, bet. Devlsadero and
Scott; 0 rooms: modern; lot 23x137:6; open
' for ¦ Inspection to-day; bargain.
A (20CO HOME built to suit you, lot included,
any location, on (1 25 per week. - Mutual
Hcme Bulidlns Association. 427 Crossley bid.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. £18 Howard st.
SEAL ESTATE— CO7jaTTBY—ror Sal*, j
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
- - . W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
(7 SO per acre; best stcck ranch In Humboldt
County; on the slope of the South Fork of- the
Eel River: 3300 acres grazing land; practically
all fenced; good farmhouse; large barn; 100
head tine cattle: 1000 sheep; horses, and all
fanning implements at market Drtces.
(3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; :.'3 acre*; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 8-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses; see this, and If you want only part of
It will h«I1 unlmrjroved portion at (100 per
acre; If you want to ralsn corn that will make
tbe Kansas article "side step" see some of our
hemes on the Rursian River.
(2950 — 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil; M« acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; zocd dwelling, barn, poultry bouses:
horse, wagon, carts, plow*. 3 -sets harness,
tools, wine press, tacks and casks; furniture;
fine crop. ¦ . •
(3500 — .'14 acres: modern, up to date house
and buildings: fenced and cross fenced; nearly
all ok hard; Z miles of Watsonvllle.
(3200 — 10 acres level sandy loam; good 4-
rocm house; tine barn; -windmill and tank;
water piped over ranch; 5 large poultry houses;
Incubator. 2 brooders; farming tools; cow; 20O
laying hens; eauy terms; near Petaluma.
(2000— Half-mile of gebastopol; 10 acres: 2
acres timber: 4 acres orchard, balance vine-
yard; house, barn; en new electric road.
(2CC0- Near Martinez; 123 acres bill land; 75
acres good plow land: well fenced; bouse, barn;
family orchard.
(5000— 25 acres rich sandy loam, near Hay-
wards; rolling: 4 acres vines; ."> orchard, all
Lear:ng; balance hay; elegant 2-story tes.dence,
IV rotin.s, bath; ea.sy terms..
(2050 — 34 acres near Watsohville; 200 apples;
fi. acres fine potatoes; 2 acres limber; balance
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings. ,
lltiOO — Sonoma City; 4 acres rich dark loam;
alt level: orchard: cozy cottage; cement cellar:
barn; windmill and tank; 5 poultry houses; feed
room; 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property. In this vicinity, and will be pleased to
drlvo you around.
(ti^OO— Near .Santa Rosa' BOO acres; fenced 9
fields; 12 acres tine vineyard; 3 acres orchard;
8 Jersey cows: 2 horses;, tools: wagons; new 9-
rooin . house; 2. barn*: blacksmith shop. We
have 130 places on our list hear Santa Rcsa,
See them. - - . - . _^.\
... ALFALFA LANDS.
(100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; D acres
up; Vi cash.
.150 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up ; % ca«h. ¦ . . - ,
(50 per acre— Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldge
FINE DAIRIES IN HCMBOLDT.
We have a large list of completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.:
2v acres up. .
J25U0 — Fine summer resort in Sonoma Co.:
sta^e station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling TOOO-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; norscs;
farming implements: see this qulcn. -
«sno— 3 miles of- Geyservllle; Zft acres: o.
room house, large tarn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all In' vineyard; oak trees; fine poultry farm
(luoo^Only 3 mile? of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loatn; 1 mile town; (300 down; fine for
: roadhouse. " " -" ' '^
JJUW — Finest stock ranch in Southern Ore-
Kon; 320 acres; 2 sets No. 1 Improvements; 100
acres suitable /or alfalfa" or timothy; orchard;-
: carries 100 to 200 hearl of stock; 3 horns;
tools; 4(> tons hay: near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
(^'750— Rolling land; 100 acres, near Clayton:
SO acres plow land; house, barn, orchard; part
cash; ov»r 1C0 choice farms in Contra Costa
Co. to offer you" to selec*. from.
(3750— Humboldt Co. rich bottom land: 24
acres half mile of Fortuna: 1 acre orchard;
new "8-room house, barn, outbuildings.
(S per acre — Fine stock ranch. 1WO acres; 100
rich" bottom " land, balance rolling: fenced and
cross-fenced; nice orchard: house; 2 iarge barns.
(1500 — 1 acres rich Russian River bottom
land; half mile of Geyservllle, Sonoma Co.;
tbade trees; house, barn. , outbuildings. We
hav» at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgage*
are practically unknown..
-(2500— At Hoplandi42 acres: 7 bearing vine-
yard: » hay »nd garden land; 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools; 1C0 laying Hens;
half cash.
(170C— Only 0 mines, of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling. land; 10 acres
bearing prunes and cherrlee; good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses; 3 summer house*
for summer boarders: running water; close to
school. See this quick.
(47&0 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; :W neres: 12 In full bearing orchard In
fine condition; balance gently sloping fine hay
land; fine creek: '-5 magnificent oak trees: 4-
roc-m cottage; irood stable: fine income. We
have a chilce list of small homes In Santa
Clara Co.; pleated to drive you around and
dhow them. .
FOR RENT.
$300. cash per year: 163 acres; 2 miles <jf
Grass Valley; good house; nice cellar; 2 large
barns and stable; 60 acres fine bearing orchard;
5 acres bearing vineyard; generally level; farm-
ing implements: 2 horses; 0 Jersey cows: 13
acres timber: generally level: party must fur-
nish bond; would sell for (2Q.00O.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
sified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLET,
¦ • Successor* *to
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery st., room S.
., . Property -Exchanges a Specialty. '.'^
320 ACRES 'of -fine agricultural land In tbe
river district- of Kern Co., 12 miles from
BakersrfeldJ'thls land surrounded by paying
el! wells, but never bored upon; Is all level,
soil cf the best, title absolutely perfect? on
main road ar.d a<!J- canal; make offer for this.
Ad. -box- 1131, Call, for full particular*.
(1CO0 only for lOOO-acre stock ranch, with
house, barns, etc.. or will exchange for good
city ".or Oakland property: clear. P. C.
LASi : EN & CO.. 4CU Tenth St.. Oakland, CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
.vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata.
Segues • -*nt : Iree. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
«48 Maiket st.
0 ACRES of land; cottage house of 4 rooms;
barn, -'5 cMckcn houses and stable. Call
COT ATI.' 21 OH Perry st. , .
FREE booklet and poultry foMer. San Benito
' Caunty Improvement ' Club. Holllster. - Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent? — The Weekly Call.
1C rarer. In wrapper, for mailing. (1 per rtar.
BEALJESTATE.
I2CO • PER acre— Two S-acrs and one > 4-acre
tract,' back of -Fair ; Oaka; water and good
'roads: last of this property left; hi cash. -
¦ . Menlb Park — A fine country hom«. with
splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
fcutlt,- old- fashioned house In good condition;
• for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks— Land In best part ef thts dls-
• trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
: from 4 to 25 acres ; . special , terms to : thoaa
i boilding immediately. ¦¦-. - ¦¦ - -
- ' «-- BELBY. RODOERS & CO..
Telephone Main CT3. --- 118 California at.
- : POHTfrHICHMOteP SBAX E8TATB. "
A GOOD lot cheap for cash ; or will exchange
for small business. Call BROWN, COS Larkin.
gELP Con.
¦ " •' ' '
V!"A*rTT:D — Women and girls to work In fac-
. trrj'; apply earlj-. 423 Ertriistn it., between
.'r>: 2nd Hh sts. .
WANTED — Corcpcter.t roaiC: references. In-
i'-Ire Kurfiay after 10 a. m. ar.d Monday. 9-
12 a. rn. offlco Mrtiu Antclnette opartments.
Vcn Xff» ev«., bet. Bush and Pine ets.
BOOK Rcwerfc wactinJ: exDfrienceU hand* on
h'.ai.k ord. i>rintt'4 r-ork; qIjio experienced
f*od*rs Tor rullr»- machine*. FRANK M.VL-
LOYL, 422 fjacraine:)Io et.
WANTED— Experirr.ced nilllinery talestromen.
Appiy between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
TOUNG eirl to rrake her*e'.f pcr.erally usrful
in Birs.il coflee parlot; apply at ence. 73$
Larkin St.
EXPERT halrJreeser wlrhe? to teach The~brisJ-
ne« io one or two ladles; all branches of
: the art up to date. Adtirers box 1412. Oil.
riNIEHER on cloaks an* wjits: steady work;
rood weses. L. MINK & CO.. 100 New
Montgomery tt.
LADIES— Earn S20 j^r 100 writing thort let-
ters. Send stamped envelope fcr particulars.
Ifleil Mfg. Co.,- Cas«or.»M's, Ailch.
WANTED — Saleslady of cooa eppearar.cp;
title full ' tiartlLUla'rfl' ar.d photo If possible.
Bc-x Iti3. No:ae. Aia»l:a.
WANTED— Apprentices to leam hair dressing
and mar.icurirjc. Apply between 0 and 11
a. ra. at HALi; BKOd.'
XEAT' jesnr lai!y as casliier; mu»t live hcme
V!th parents: retcretn.*s: small cash bond
regulrea. Cail I0:.T» .a.m.. W5 Ulwion st.
WAXTCD-An rsT»-rl. r.er4 i-klrt cutter.
Mlt-FLg .MUL::qm;Y. il-J Geary ft. ¦
TOUNG Prote«ter.t K.'rl; .1 In family; good
fccroc; r'a'.n ccck'r.y; w^s^s (IS. 231 Scott.
GIRL about IS to ar.-ist w::h light housework.
Apply 20 Church et.
OPERATORS cr.: IfaUabtn on rar.t#: steady
wcrk ar.d good sraxra. 1 142 How-crd rt.. store.
TT ANTED— Wa!?t fnifhfr. Ir.jprjvtr and paid
apprentice. 2C14 Saner st. ¦ -
CXPcRItNCED lunrh waitress waited.
People's Uefclai-.mrt. C^l Clf-- et.
WANTPt> — A tiret-'-ir.ff'* finisher on rants at
«bi«'.j ;>)ir:i>» neer Hlxth.
ZEELP "WAITTED — MALE.
A— AMERICAN EM PLOYMKNT~BUREALV~~
C12 Comroercta' st., near Kearny.
PHONE BUSH KH. 042 Commercial «t.
i5 fheep butcliers. city. (80: a butchers,
roirr.try ehoes and ranches (33 to $50 fd • 3
Jarroers. &0c fare. (12 50 fd. ; 10 cooks,
rfntiZrer. shia yard; rar.ch, hotels and mines.
*3." to f(S fd. ; 2 t-eeorul cooks. (40. flo fd.;
porter, c'.ty; 2 carr*ni»-rs. min<» f'.*O fd. - .(
'•AkPEXTERS. Lndse work. FREE FARE,
(30 r«.j .•: milkers. (.53 fd.
LA BORERS— LO(>K HERE— LABORERS.
It) laborers, larce factory, steady, (f.0; 25 I
Utocr^rs. pipeline, eouth. (2 25 to (2 rx»; 15
laborers, laree oil syndicate, (67 SO; 17
laboi-ert. new work, fare (1 tio, ship to-night.
' lone jrb, cill early, (1.*. fd. to (*2 50 fd.
NEVADA— We «h!r> to-night, ch^an fare, 1<5
labcrrr?. (75; 15 teamstPrB. (7S; i machine
rr.lr.e-». flic, i wotHjchorrers. mine. Marir;>csa
«"% v-i-1* »w«ra:«n. woods, on coast. (;iA fd.;
S b( vs., f acton". ?"O f«J.; 15 laborer*, R. R..
wed*. ?4O fd . n.irth; IS drillers. (S4; 7
lumr.pl men. ("! 15 day.
AT CALIFORNIA KMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
:; Third et .near Call bids.; Phone Bush 403
MINES. MINES.
2 eirvgle-band miners ; (»0 month
2 muckers (73 month
GOVERNMENT WORK— NEVADA.
2T> faniEters $73 month
25 muckers and laborers (75 month
Special shipment to-day — fee (1.
2 houss carpenters, near rl;y.. J4 day
r h -.:s. r. .(3 5>> day
a sbineJrr*. long Jcb (1 per 1000
Tinner, city '. . -(4 «1ay
"Waiter. «-ounrrj' rrstaurant . ." :(t»5 arra found
4 "laborers, quarry '. (2 25 day'
4 tcamnter*!. cily ;. ..(2 23 day
-9 cawmill hands.... (35 er.i board
AT HOP.D & SMITH'S, .
— -Cor. tractors'- Acmt*. lift Third 'St. '
New railroaj work, Na;»a Co.. fare (1.
T*air.stcrB, ¦ S2 CT.; laborere. (2: no discount.
Tine is a srcod jcb er.d a long one.
Coarhman. city. (-'{5 and found.
.-i;.:!fc.in. city. (45 and found.
C»y«tw« man. near city. (45 and found.
«"»jart:nR Tcn-rcan, north. (".
I--.;-' •• r- all «vit the State.
ANDRES O:fic-. S17 Stockton st. — Coachman
#tt: tend carden. city.' (K; second butler,
country, $33; kitchen hoy, private place. (:<0;
docrboy, restaurcr.t, (15; ele\"ator bey, (15;
AFtiftant waiter. (-"SO; waiter, resort, near
>lty. (30; v.-jiiter, hotel. (30; silver man. (30;
Pantr>-man. hot-!, (TO; vegetable man. (30:
fry Cork. *ir> a «etk; thiM fnok. (50; Bcccnd
cock. WZ: bal:er fcr college. (40; confec-
itent-r. (75: man to vrork in nursery, (23; I
lak*r fci lrttltutlon. (40.
EMPLOYES' REGI6TEH CO..
StS K»«rriy st.: phone Black 244C.
l>rax cl»rk. rf^Srtercd. S75 month. ¦ .
<r«>ri1on rrtsr Ji-<der. i :¦'¦< n wages.
Cytlnflw press raeder, union wages, .
R*tjfeterc4 ntitteUn. Al salary.
"2 trf-iHicv!". (15 HnJ fountl.
Filvfi- mari. boUli tlty. ?30 and found.
Castts-vmluT,-9H week.
EMPLOYHS' HEGIifTER CO.. 219 Kearny tt.
CUK/3TCS' llEGISTKIt CO.
CIO Krart-.y tt. ¦ ¦ Phone Black 2445
Cai:.e-*nd rtfi.eter with us; It cc-6ts you nsth-
t:-6;-lf you are the roods, we are the pea-
Grocvry C.crk. (If) ar.d foirnd.
I'rinrr-r *n<3 lor»r tn ph-*to«, (G wcok.
«Jco<J cccU. mil II betel. ?".""• ar.d fourd.
U cciyt erra n<* -tor*, £4 Tret!:
EMPLOYES' RECISTgH ro.. V13 Kmmy st.
¦ CUPXfOTUr REGISTER (XK.
SJO Seamy— .Sunc^y l'j to i— Ttl. Hlack 244C
rt«g;i£UTirfl<Jrus <*'.erk, easy houm, (75.
yee<?r fcr cylinder prer** (2 .".0 <i»y.
OorJon p:aten-i>rotrs. no c-Errt, (3 day. .
T'.niehrr en Jurriiturr. $2 Aay.
j^htppins; cltrl: city. (30 month t« *tart-
jM. «ncnoirr»!r'h<^ - . v*"-*' tuonlh to etart.
:: <-:**«. *.v>. s.".o $25. .
r.5U LOl ES' BEOISTER CO., 21'J KEARNY.
T1!K NATIONAL EMPLOYES'. nnrORD <.X>.
— l"Ct> nJaeer n'u::-rs, (^3 £&y earned. Alaska;
many hlrti-clai-.s cj>«i. Call at of-
ftee. £0a Heanrt tldg. . i
A— HOTEL C? zUTTH. JM Montgomery, r. 12—
Tvocolorcl waiu-ri. Ji'2: bellboy. (13.
ONE r.r t.vo n:cn t<; l-.-arn a good tra.ie; utea-lj-
work: no r!rht cr work; (23 security
teniirireJ. A|«!>!y ZV:\<, Folsom tn.. tipgtain.
KIHHT-CLASS Ka^h-n pcrUCT wartcJ: T.-ag- s
(12 «. wctk. at ir<2 Kutt st., cor. Howard;
'•at! cariv.
BArtHISithi— Crwl shop r.fnr rlty; cn!y shop In
town: n:u« Lc *old. PiX'KELMAN BROS.,
10C Kll'.u rt.
A 1>OY wartt-d for rrrerjl work In ft ore.
JJARJvS mtOS., IW Sixth «t.
Finrr -CLASS Wbcr wir.iea. 5C2. Turk st.
BARP.nn— Goc3 stcsfiy rr.r.n wtsitS. C03 Sixth
¦tr'ei-t.
BOYS want*j — Ocod w«e<*« and steady «ro-
V'o'yrt'fnt. Apj-Jy at 007 Market st.
OFKICK boy; r.ot rncr 15; wholesale house, i
i;aktman kodak co.. c« Mcn-et «t. j
ETrtONG boy wanted: (4 m week. J. SILVER- |
MA?j TU Tfc'rJ «t- ¦ '
riRST-ci.AKR bcrber wanted; wteady position.
IS'jS Haight ft.
WAKTED— guady. cletn waiter for aftfr
theatwu. Hi Larkin et.
CC'ATMAKnn wanted fcr the country; apply
IV.mcr Woolen Co. I». O. VALLEJO.
Wock butcher. Apply &>1S
IZittUn tt. '
gHOIOMAKER wanted. CCT Howart it.
LUNCH waiter for email restaasant. 2585
Market rt., nrar Sixteenth.
©OOTJILACK wasted at 239 Calif orcU .t.;
i.-arber »hop; steady work.
Bootblack In barber fhop. 1062
McAUlttrr Ct.
WAITEn wanted at MARTIN'S, 15 Third st.
WANTED— Firm -class ireaf-coods man. Ap-
p:y btt. 9 and 11 a. ro., at HALE BROS.'.
SOOD boy to work la boat shop; can learn
trade Apply call office. '
w jraiJ WAITTEP— M»T <^-- y 'nnttanea.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay st
Phone Main SS4S.
Leading Employment nnd Labor Agents.
We uprak. the German. French. Italian.
Fcandinavian. Gteek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave " 1904 We Hope to
CO.000 Men Work. Increase €0.000.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench htnfis. planing mill. (3 50 day.
FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES. $3 day.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city, (2 day.
2 brush .makers, fare $1. (1 20 per M.
12 I BON MOLDERS. .
' 15 coopers, ttirht and snick work.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
rLANINO MILLS. BOX FACTORIES, ETC.
-SECOND lfONKEY MAN. ('10 found.
Donkey fer*m»n, sr.lpe leg*, cut brush, (50 fd
. HEAD LJNEMAX. (73. , .
p laborers; mills yard: "NORTH. ...fCrt
oo labcr.»:« fcr woodf a;:d canip^; north. $t)0
! HELP L'UILlJ IT.
ilCS laborer? to cut brush' awftyr "help foulM
railroad f:cnJ cawraill to woods; fare «!,' *W.
' . LOOK. BOYS. ,. •
2."> hcys or you»s men work ;n ' in '< 'nc'.ories,
("0 AND $.r. FD.. NORTH.
1C" woo-iclu/put , ?; tools, etc.. FURNISHED
FOP. vot;. y
} MUItTIAY 4.- r:i:.\I.>Y..O.'54 and C.TJ Cl=y St..
J " v,» 155 ITALIANS OH JUTFTRIANS.
I IS5 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS..
MURRAY A.- KKAUV, Ci4,anJ KK Clay st. -
LOS ANGELES.-
SAN JIEitNARiMNO and RIVEIiSIDE PIST.
I the l^nu of Suns j!r.e. ¦ KRUiT and FUOW-
I Kus -
I BY TRAIN. 'SANTA FE P.. XI.
t $4 CO FARK. / . - THAT'S ALL.
, 3C3 two and four horsa toan>«terif. («0.
MURRAY ti 1JKAUY. .Cil Clay st.
IIOTIJL. LAUNDRY. UAKKHY.
UUTCHKR AND OTHER DE1T. -
IS <-ocks, Uificrcnt hcteis. camps, caf-is,
,- -mines, naloons.. lanches. etc., (Ji;, StO. ?00,
to fSO and. found..
, WAITERS. ¦
I .1 waiters, same hotel, fare (1. (."53 and round.
{12'waltne. differrnt city -and country- Jobs.
IS DISHWASHERS. C PORTERS.
( BEDSAKKSS. BELL * "KLEVATOR UOYS.
t LAUXDnV. "
2 sfirch lror.rrs (12: lronor. (IT,. "
3 b-Jlchcr?. shop and slauahttr-hcuse work.
%i(i. $iQ founJ. •
t«'-ti£t ir.aktr. $14; exrerienced bone haras,
?n.
FARMS. DAIRIES.
45 different ranch bends. (2C. (10. J55 fcuni.
& milkers, (.» «n<l (M and fcunJ.
TRCIT" PICKERS.
10 chore V.j-? and ro<n. (15 (20. (?J. (M fd.
COACHMEN. GAKDKNERK, STABLEMEN.
1<! st4l'!<-m«>ii. city, country jobs, (7o. (CO.
$.!0 lour d.
UoYi. if*rr\ trades. t«r.-l rtarer. etc' . .
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete nrlnhcr*. mine buildings, fare
raid. 54 r>0 day. ! ....
4 pWsterets, fiec rare both ways, (1 50 day.
I5AKERS.
Foreman haker, f^'5 week and found,
o bench hands, $17 a wek.
LAUNDRY.
. Po!i«*ier. Ironer r.nd starcher, fare (1, *2 50.
Man to tend bar, ««V» on«h hotel,. etc.. (35 fd.
SPECIAL. '. ...
1<» teams'ers. near city. (2 25 day.
Ft.-jre driver. 125 ¦ to (10 id. • --
Brick wheeler. r.«rar city, (3 day.
StaMeman, sale flabie, *C0 ••¦
BLACKSMITHS. --•
2 horseshcers. flc^r and fire. (4 day.
BUTCHERS. •'. "
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS. (SO.
Kr!f« man. plr> f'et shaver. (S 75 dly.
MURRAY & RKADY. «34 and «S8 Clay et.
MINE IHSTniCT. i
25 latcrcrs. f«e (1. fare S2.-(.1O found.
23 two-horse- team*t»r!", J'50 found.
MURRAY READY. «-t4 and tag Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
1T>5 teamster?. *7S. .
I.*i5 laborers. J70.
W drllleiff. TOO. . \ >
FEK. Jl - - ' " THATS. ALL.
• MURRAY & READY. GS4-333' _ Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c.. (4 "day. '¦•"¦ ' •
14 carr*nt»rs, fare 25c.. S. M.-' Co., (3 50
to (4 day. '• " ¦
10 carpenters, city Jobs, $3," $3.50. (4 day.
A — 12 grape packers, southeaet. fl 75 day fd.
Passer on gent'a clcthcs, city. (2 to (2 25
day.
Spool tender, fare. (2 20. (15 to (50 fd.
FREE FARE. R. R. WORK. FRfiE FARE.
TXVDAY.- . - . .....
25 splkers; YOU'LL. SUIT. (CO
23 laborers; YOU'LL SUIT ,.v ....... ". .\ .(00
-- -. -'-Offlce fee -only »1,--. •• »•>
5 laborers for woeds; #««: (»•./;.:; ;\(S5 fd.
-Man. wife:-man milk 25 cow?, wife cbok for
3 men;' no oth»r woman on -ranch ..(40 fd.
FRUIT PICKERS.- . • .
A man or boy who can eat fruit ' ' .
CAN PICK FRUIT.
«> men end etron«r-hoye/#are (1; (30 and fd.
OFFICE TEE (1:
WAITER— Sperta! Job, ?40 fd. '"
4 butchers, fare (1. 12 75 day.
Ftarcber and Ircner. fare (1 25, {2 50 day. '
Slaughter-house butcher, fare (1, (30 fd.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
155 trackmen, ?«7 to (75.
FA USAGE" MAKER, SOc fare, (15 week.
Farmer and »1fj, . stock ratich, no women
there, T40 found." -
. BUTCHERS. . .
.Stcor.a butcher, slaughter-house, fare (I 25,
•(50 founri. ..."
Third butcher, slaughter-house, fare (1 "5,
(40 found . ¦ - *
Ship caulker for dredger, fare (1, (3 50 day. I
Two varnith flnfEhers, little, experience, (1 50
to (2 day.
BcJn-.alrtr. 129 f<l.; man run wash machine.
' DRAPERY.
Experiences drapery nalesman: city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C30 Clay st.
TO rU-'TTE: (1 FEE. l
65 labcrer# t only (1 fee, (07 50.
tf« t^ntrrtsrs. only (i fee. (67 CO.
' MURRAY &. READY, 034-030 Clay st.
FREE RAILROAD "PASS— FEE $1.
125 laborers, different jots, (I 75 day. ' .
MURRAY & READY. W4 and U30 Clay tt.
MANAGER, HERE- GOLD QITARTZ MINE,
::." *!n*!e ami doukl* han<l miners. $75, #sa 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and £}<{.' Clay st.
BAND "tawyer, city niill. (2 60 day.
BOYS— BOYS.
12 boy*, city factory, fee (1. (0 to (7 CO week,
Pan warher. city bakery, $U0 and fund.
Walter, iii'titutlcn. city, $25 and lound.
2 -waiters, hotel, south, JS3 and found.
Oj>t?rrr-an, loc iari', .*45 and found.
Middlr-aced nian, Urive delivery wagon,
(20 fd. • '¦ ¦¦-.-.
MURRAY & READY, C34 ar.d C30 Clay §£.
3 r.OUOII carpenters, fare Me. ?2 50 day.
4 carrentere. fectcry, lare f I. (3 00 day.
Young man, bottle works, Jl.% week.
Hon-ofchoer, lare SI. boss here, X3 to S3 CO.
Harnem clctncr, (CO; waiter, mine hotel,
05 found. - »»V.--
MUUKAY & # READY. CS1-KS CiJy gt.
BAKERS. ~~'
Fr.rpircn baker, clly. call early, (25 w?ck.
Biker's heliTr on bread. 30c fare, (30 fd.
LOOK.
Cool:, camp, fare *2, (50 to f.CO.
Cook, carom- Nevada, fare (7 tit). $03 found.
Secf.r.d ' cock. city-, hotel, fJ3 week. -
Cook. S men, cami>, -iZO found.
2 hos-tler*,- city.->(X». •
2 HAY BALEP.S.
Gurdtn-r, private resid«ncp, $35 fd. .
5 laborcrH. city. n»Ip put up orjran In cliurch.
ENGINKER. T3 50 DAY.
MURRAY & READY. 631-CCO Clay .it. ;
FREE FARE. : ~7~
6 bcilcr makers. ::2'ic to 3Gc hour.
FKEK FARE."
12 plun-.lter^, rertilar vragen. i
MURRAY & READY. G34-638 Clay. at. ,
TWO CK.VTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIKE: CONFIDENTLAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT." liCOMS 21 AND 32. 7TH
F-IX»OK. M-H MONTGOMEP.Y 'ST.; CALL
MORNINGS. ¦¦:•..
MEN to'learn-ljarber trade: only eluht wtelia
required; constant practice and expert "In-
struction; pcBltlons secured; special. Induce-
ments thl* month; cataloiruc mailed free.
1 Moler System College. 435 Clay et.
' MACHINIST— Golden opportunity to right man i
l to buy interest in machine shop In country
town;' business established • 18»5; must be
i;ood mechanic. P. O. dok 132. .< Martinez, Cal.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop, with' baths and
Inundry of lice, for sale in-Selma. Fresno
. County: trial permitted.' TV.;!!., bcx 1 Sod,
Bfiai, Cal: ¦ i ' ' : • ¦ . .-
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled atid unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with- us free of charge. HORD
& SMITH, 05 Third Et.. S. F. .... /.
W> NTED— Men and boy» to l*arn plumbing
trade- Coyne Broi.,Co, School of Practical
Plumbing; »end for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St. Loui». Mo. . . .
WANTED— -Men ¦ and \ women .to; prepare^ for
Government position*. Apply for free cata-
losue rlvlpr particulars,. Pacific -Correspond-,
ence Institute. Grant bldg..' 1003 Market »t
WANTED-^Flrrt-clas« clothln* man, . that can
take full charjw of city store; wages (100.
Address box 1030, . Call office.
MESSENGER boy for office.' about 14," Apply
• 320 California mU. rocm •. . " " .';¦•¦''¦''
GOOD* strons boy wanted: (l"day.'Box depC
Mutual L. Si L. Co.; Eryant-at. ¦entrance.
_. ,^ J^H _^TJBOJBBAZt r «HTAT3IU .
LOMITA PArtK^On~linT*of San i
trie cars; 43 minutes from 6th and Market
sts.; outside tha fog belt and. Just beyontt
where the S. P. Co.'a bay shore "cutoft"
will jc»r. the main line; second subdivision
cow being offered: SO- foot lots from (400 up:
term*, first two subdivifiona only (10 dowa
and (10 a month; iewei> and tvatsr pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well water; '
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable section oa
easy terms; take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT. RODGERS & CO..
Tel Main 673. 116 California at. -
CglOXBg RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leacdro.
Subdividln: fine orchard on gentle slope*-
size to suit; easy terms: plenty" water; fine-'
fruit; call for details: gov ar.d see Sunday.r
Owner, 71S MII!a bldg. > j
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHA3QE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARB, MANAGE It.
SUITE 807-8C8 CALL BUILDINO.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell bis holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
Our Ions experience In thts business enables^
us to often accomplish this double purpose, by
only one transaction. The only condition •» -t
make Is that your property. If you wish uj tcr
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITa
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, cr property so heavily
1 mortgaged as to leave no actual equity,
i If It has merit, whether you own real estat*-
1 or a mercantile, or manufacturing business,'
bring a description of same to> our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
w* can effect the result.
THIS 13 SIMPLT BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar«
the only company tn San Francisco making a'
specialty of him. We make no charge for ad-'
vertiaing or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you- to accept.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE
FREE FROM ALL XNCUMBRAJJCE.
Nice large hou*fe of Vi rooms, closets, etc:;
barn, larse lot, shade trees; in a fine Minne-
sota tiwnr for 'a nice home of equal value,
(3Oi)0, tn Berkeley. Oakland or San Fran-'
Cisco. Address Owner, box 132, • B<srk*leyi
California.
ALAMEDA ADVEKTWTS
!T.«MWl>>t!lT. ZSTATS.
™. .. «. jporECLOSUReT"^^ """"" "'
WE WANT AN OFFER. -
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
* Almost new 8-roem house: fine marln* view;'
house Is thoroughly .modern: porcelaia b«th. .
etc.] cement basement: (3000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. ' :,,
The Leading and Reliable Ageata. ~"£
1422 PARK ST. , ',' *
A FINE home In Alameda — Cottage of 0 rooms.
hall, bath, basement; flower garden, etc.;.
Urge lot. See owner, 1C50 Franklin st,. Oak-
land. _;\ : -
FOR sale — Fine 8-room cottage, now building;
lot S0xlC8. Call and see It at 1330 Unloa
St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA BOOMS. :< *
FOR rent — House of 10 rooms, all well fur-
nished and all modern conveniences; ' nice
lawn and shrubbery; splendid location: near
Morton-st. station; party going East: rent
low. Inquire of J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Parlc
St.. Alameda. ¦ . >. ¦ ¦ , '
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'N TS
BEBKXLET BEAL ESTATE.
A GREAT BARGAD*.
New 6-rocm house on prominent street: built
by owner for his own use. but owing to un-
foreseen circumstances am not able to occupy
same; improvements strictly modern; rooms
and halls tinted: SO mln. from S. F. by Key
Route; 3 mln. from station; must be sold;
inspect & be convinced. Owner, box 1034, Call.
(1050— New 4- room cottace, with bath; lot
S0xl32; fruit trees and flowers 1 ; half block to
train; owner In East; must be sold.
BARGAIN— (1600: 8-room house, well, barn,
ehlcken-house. 60 young fruit trees, lot 173x
207: one block north of Corbln station. West
Berkeley. Inquire of F. CEVI3. on the
premises.
BERKELEY FUB2TZSHED BOOMS.
LARGE furnished room with large alcova;
central location. Telephone Dana 1407. or
addreaa 2311 Durant ave.. Berkeley. -
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND . BEAL ESTATE.
A SNAPt
(2750 — A fine cottage; 6 rooms and large ¦ re-
ception hall; high basement; lot 30x127; all
street work done; cement walks, etc.; (300
cash, balance on Installments If desired; good
location. ¦"-'."• *^ ¦*- -
P. C. LASSEN A CO.. 460 Tenth st. Oakland."
(6250 — BEAUTIFUL new 8-room hou** on
ehoico East Oakland corner. 60x100;
every modern convenience; elegant hard-
wood finish throughout; 2 reception rooms;
fin* cement basement: lovely interior
finish: clcse to schools, churches and enr
lines; quick trans-bay service; easy terms.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
fith ave. and ISth St..
Oakland.
(28S0 — THE prettiest Queen Anne Gothic house,
containing six rooms, all tinted and frescoed:
latest open and nickel plumbing; gas fixtures
and electricity; large lot; near schools and:
Key route station: it Is a beauty and a bar-
gain and the terms are easy; to- see It means
to buy It: owner must sell. J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
(3C0O— CHEAPEST house In Oakland, to-day: *
largo rooms; fine cellar. , large barn, fruit
trees, lot 50x130; half block from car tine;
fine location. . -
BAYLEY. 1823 Broadway. opp> y. O.
QAgLAJTD.HOUSIS TO LET.
3035 HOWE st., ¦ Oakland; Piedmont terminus
Key route; 7 fine rooms, bath, pantry; eleo-
trlcity; splendtd order; grand view. •
OAKLAND r\imtt.TittJLil> HOUSES. -
JONES, 319 — Completely furnished modern
lower flat: call 11 to 1.
. . OAKLAND BOOMS.
SIXTEENTH. 81S, Oakland— Nicely furnished
room* to let: gentlemen preferred." ¦
Q AXLJWPTD I 1 UK Jl AT U MTO8 _SALJ».
T0O10RR0W the day for bargains In furnl-
tnre. H. Schelhaas.llta it. cor. store. Oakland.
HOUSE to let: furniture - for sale. Address
box 1385. Call' 3fnce. Oakland.
San . Francisco Advertism'ts.
¦ - -t
BOOMS POB HOUSXrEEPCTO.^^
ARmVT 3523^-Furnished rooms for housekeep- -
Ing. ¦ ' _J___
CALIFORNIA. - 1264—- 3 or J larere. - sunny
rooms; home conveniences; select location.
FELL, 937— Elegantly- furnished housekeeping
suite; gas range; sun all day; no sign*.
FIR3T, 317 — Large fur. front rsu. for Ucht
hakpg: run, water, closet, bath, also slag, r.
FOLSOM. 742A— Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection; (14 month. -¦¦ -
GOLDEN * GATE "are:,- C31— NlceTy furnished
single rooms for housekeeping.
GROVE. 835— Two housekeeping rooms.
HOWARP, 737Hr— Nicely furnished sunny suite.
• housekeeping • rooma, and others, (t SO up-
HOWARD. 040— Housekeeping . rooms.
HOWARD, 1074^ — Housekeeping roomJ.
HOWARD. 1130 — Front sunny room for house.
keeping.' .-. -
'KEN1LW0RTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Thr*e- l
room sunny spartments: steam heat:cen- toe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny ¦ furnished 3-room suites; steam beat."
ed. electric lighted; free batha; rates rea»..
JESSIE, 607— To rent. 2 and 4 sunny rooms;
furnished for housekeeping. : . . .
Continued on Page 10.
HELP_ WASTED- MALE— Contlan»a.
A— PACIFIC CONTR ACTORS' . E3IP. AGENCtF,
035 Washipcton st. ; phone Janits; 3301.'
"Nevada, ship to-day, boss here, teamsters
. (2 50. .laborers and othera (75, fare refunded;
. 4 la'rorers,. hel:> KulM bridges, 3 months' Job,
(2 23 day, 9 hours' work; 25' lit borers, city
. job, (I 75 day;' 10 laborers, quarry . work.
*2 «:ay. 10c fare.- board (4 50 week; 15
laborers, quarry work, (eo, board anywhere,
15c fare: |S laborers, quarry, 60c fare, (2- 20
flay; V Italians or Austrlans, (2 20 day, 60c
far-*, steady Job; ,1 carpenters. (4, day, 13c
fare; bricklayer, (5 day, 15c fare; new work
. for laborers and teamst«rs, north, long Job.
fZZo day. 9 hours' work; Chloo. soe ! bess
-here, fare refunded, 30 days, ('! 25 day; Al
. machinist for mine, (90;- dishwasher, camp,
SCc fare, $25.
• F-RBE FARE — NORTH. : ¦
25 laborers and teamstern, .(60, boss here;
10 liutchers and slaughterers. (SO; pantry
man, (UQ; cock, 14 pespte,'- hotel: bedmaker,
rity L. Ii: CUTTING & CO.
WANTED — Laborers anil' mechanics- to know
that Eil Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
adflffl 100 new rooms t(5 the Denver Hou»e. r
¦ 217 Third et; : 250 rooms: 25c to 60c per night.
WANT .man with some experience on well-bor-
- Ing. rrarhine. D. CAMERON.' Novato, Cal. 1
MAT -.utter and fitter for picture frame store;
sat'.: exi>eriem-o. ' reference - and" *alary <;x-
iHCt^ 1 .. Bcx 1.13S.. Call office.
I'RlCPSJ'Ii.iJ end " undrvrre$pcrs on- pants;
Btea<]y v.urlt and jfood-wact'S. 1142 Howard
-*t, ; store. • • ;¦ --..-»
MEN and women learn the barber trade; wages
I paid, while learning. . HEIGHT'S. €17 Cor.i-
' merctol st. ¦ ¦ . - . .
TWO young men to learn the barber trade; a
rood -chance-. For i>artlculari> call at- 731
Mission st. - ' ' '.
EX TKI'.IENCED- salesman for boa's" clothlns
i wanted. Apply superintendent's office The
' Emporium. . .... . . .. . . - *
BOYS, of various ages for stock, cash and
'wrappers. Apply. Superintendent's office. The
r,ra:prlum.. . .' .'-'.. ' . "*".
'I'll V vitr men's rhoes. union made; (1 & (1 30
I air; loot-form t-ho«-«. ?2 M); w« pay exprs»»
(.fmrReF. 11 :<d »t.. l'xro. Wd. :open till 9 p. m. '
J -SHOEMAKER wanted — First-class: steady
j ¦ man 'for ropaliins. Box 21B3, Call office."
I TWO boys Icr llower store. Call between 10
sr.d 12 V hi. at 11S0 McAllister st. "
WANTED— Fiift-clats carriage wood worker
*V i*PlNNEY\S. 1040 Mlfslcn st.
BOY with some" experience for grocery 'and
bac. . tpventeenth^and Eureka its, ,
WANTED — Foreman for "planing mill. Ad-
dress box 1304. Call office. Oakland.
PLUMBKR apprentice . with experience. Box
1444. Call of tie*.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world ttt HERMAN'S. 2fl Steuart st.^
WANTED — Ccatirtaker for th» country." REISS
BKGS. & CO.. '.'I Putter, st, :
GRADUATE optician; one fanilllar with photo
supplies preferred." Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third.
GOOD paying ICc barber shep for sale; give
you trial." 22514 Fifth st.
MEN wanted at 137 34 St., where ehoes are re-
paired by machinery .sewed soled lOmin.. 75c
WANTED — Young" man to. learn barber trade:
wages paid' while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachment*.
.Law and Adjustment Co. s S28 Montgy.,r.415. I
SAILORS, and younn men • (green hande)' for
ships. 1IALLBERT. 517 Jackson st,. -;
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls,r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.' G. A. R.
WlS'CKEST^H, ilgtel. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 roonw; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to . and . from . ferry.
A' BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements, and subscriptions .has
bern opened at ions Market et., opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 *>. m. ;i": - -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of fice.ccr.. Duncan & Church, st>.
ALL size? .men's Ehoes. slightly damaged, half
. price. 563 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET y<nn"'-shp*« half-soled while- waiting; 23c
to uCc. 5&'t Mlaion st.. bet. 1st and 2d «U.
' SOLICITOBB WAKTEP. ;
EXPERIENCED canvassers. (« to (9 day. lilt
Wa?hington:st., Oakland, r. 3, 10 to 12 a.m.
SOLICITORS; good opportunity for-brlght men.
Great American Imp. Tea Co.. 62-5S Market.'.
EXPERIENCED canvarcers, ?8 to O day, 1114
Warhtngton st.. Oakland, r. 3, 10 to 12 a. m.
hobses asp yAgoars.
CHEAP tveond-hand hack, phaeton, village
cart and Dlatform tra?. O'BRIEN'S. Polk
Et: "and Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A horse tp work single or double;
about 4 or & years, eld; weight about 1400;
must be reasonable. Box 2177, Call office.
FINE river bottom pasturage ; sreen feed year
round," near Black Diamond; Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson. 8,F.
FOR t ale— Spring wagon; almost new. 853
¦ Howard st. ' ¦
FINE folding trap for 2 or 4 passengers; bar-
gain; also fine rcbes; cheap. 4509.18th 6t.
WANTED— A buelne»s buggy. Box 924. Call
office. • • . ¦ • ,
FOJt »a!e — Driving horse; trota or paces;
wun<l and perfectly gentle. Box S94, Call.
FOR sale — 15 fine surreys for cost price. 1R03
Foleom ».t. .
ALL kinds of business wngchs and buggies for
sale cheap. 1504-0 Fclsora st. ; ¦
NEW hlgli-crade buggy for sale; cheap. Box
£7.'!. Call office. " . .
WANTED — A good hcrse, .-moll wagon arid
harneFS. Bcx 1201. Call office.
FOR, falc— Ilcrte, lisrht wagon, harness. -44
Beaver Ft. .
NEW ;i-8prins business wagon fcr sale cheap.
1CS0 Mlgaion St.. near Thirteenth..
AUCTION tale, of horses, wagens and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327. Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, gi'.rrcyr, buggies, wagons, har.
ney«. wcrk arid flrlvlnft hor****. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of housss to letj send lor cir-
cular. O.H.UMCSKN A CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House 'of 10 'rooms on' California. st. ;'
¦ rent (10. Squire at' N. W. ' cor. Mlsjlon
and Tenth Cal. Housewrecklng Co. !¦¦¦.. ,
EOTT.SES TO LET— gPataSHEP.
TO Fuhltt. »*-room apartment,- completely fur-
n'.shrd, ¦« months.. Apply the Empire, Buah
p.n<l Lcavcnworth st«. . .¦
HOUSES rURKISHED—FOB SAXJB.
A* WELL-FURNISHED licutc of 0 rooms; all
sunny; rent f 27, .00. • 41 (i Minna et. ¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY .cottage home, cor. Dolores and Cumber-
land, near 29th; U rooms, bath; sun all day.
EWtNG p.ac»..S, .Laguna. near Pest— 6 room«,
Iircc l.n>cmf nt: gar-Jen; sun all day; rent (20.
IIirOS3IATl03T WAHTBD. ___- .
WHERE 1»- John'Galdle.- who worked with me
on the Prueso Ranch, near Lakeville, on
Petaluma River, winter and eprlng of 1830?
lie crefsed ilia plains with me In 1S38, and
was called "Seattle/" • He wculd know me
as "Steve/" T.H. KENDERDINE, Newtown,
. Buckx County. Pa. - ¦ ¦ ' - - • ¦¦ ¦ ,
' , imrALIP CHAIBS. :
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
. Eames tricvrU chair. 2019 Mkt.: fl.Park 775.
LOST AHP 3POUH1). ..
LOST— Saturday evening, .between Kearny st,
nnd- ferries, .a* chatelaine.- bag. containing a
• go'd neck chain, a nugget pin, (5, keys, etc.
Finder may keep money; and returo'the rest
to 321 Guerrero st. - ' ¦ - '." - .'. • ¦
LOST— In ladles' toilet, first floor Palace Hotel,
. 3 rings, between 2 and 8 o'clock p.tn., Fri-
day. Reward, MISS HIGBY, care TVellman,
Peck & Co.. East it.; phcfl| Private Ex-
change 60. • ¦ ; . ¦¦ { .k —
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernta 8av-.
Ings and. Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of CLARA SINCLAIR," No. -215.-
070; the finder will please return to bank. ~
LOST— Leather ¦ pocketbook,: containing passes,
etc.: f5 reward. J. H. COOPER,', 10 Market.
LOST— Bunch of keys; return to 574 Grove" st,;*
reward II. '"T
TELL OT~^ (TtRI^J^'T MEEDSTO SAIL.
WEATHER REPORT.
TO ARRIVE.
Mo-ements of Steamers.
The British ship Scottish Moors, 121 days
from Swansea, reports that June 27, in latitude
31 south and longitude 26 vest she passed
through a mass of floating lumber . ten - miles
long." _ ' ' ,' •
Steamer Francis Leggett - arrived from the
North yesterday with her fourth raft of logs
this season. ... ,'., , -,»
The following addltlonal'of the fishing fleet
arrived yesterday: Ship Charles E. Moody. 28
days from Bristol Bay, 40,000-cases of salmon;
bark Fresno, ' 28 days .from Naknek. _&,493
cases of salmon; ship Ellpse, 20 days from
Naknek. 57,000 cases of salmon; bark Will M.
Case, 82 days from Nushaxek, olMO esses of
salmon; ships -Oriental, Tacoma and Euterpe,
from Bristol Bay with full cargoes of salmon.
Water Front Notes.
The. scow schooner Emily Mark, with a deck
load of wood, sailing up the. bay late yester
day afternoon, -collided with a sailboat. The
scow, caught the smaller craft, on her. broad
bow.atid took it with her on her way. The
sailboat did not fill or capsize and as it could
not get . away from the . other vessel it was
pushed up the bay till the schooner anchored
and her motion- was checked. The skipper, -who
was .very j much intoxicated, was too- helpless
to make an effort I to ¦ txtrlcate himself, so he
simply looked on.
An Odd Collision.
I The pilot boa^ Grade S, while coming
around for her trip to sea yesterday
afternoon, was : caught. by , the tide and
plunged into Mciggs wharf. 1 Her, sharp
wooden stem - cut through" the heavy
timbers and * - planks like . a . ' . knife
through ¦ cheese, for about ten feet.
There were many people on the wharf
watching the Russian cruiser and when
the ; Gracie went alicing into the floor
ing, under their feet there was a scat
tering. When the jaunty little craft
backed away -from ' the wreck it was
seen that she was not damaged 'at all.
| ' Stmr North Fork. Nelson. 28 hours from Eu
rf Ship Oriental. Wilson, 25 days from Bri-rtol
B *s y hip , Tacoma, Peterson. 25 days from
< Br 1 ship Matternem. Warren. 141 days from
, B^ship Scottish Moors. Tedford. 121 days
from- Swansea." . > . " #____.
Br ship Scottish ¦ Isles. Stone, 135 days from
Shlp°EcIipse. Backus. 29 days from Naknek.
Bark will W Case, Anderson. 32 days from
Ba.rif*Gerard C Tobey, Scott. 33 days from.
Honolulu. .
Bark Euterpe. Swanton. 22 days . from
Nushagak. ,
Bark Amy Turner. Warland. 32 days rrom
Bark Big Bonanza, Cameron, 28 days from
NuMharak.
Sclir Otlllis Fjord. Bosch, 3 days from
Eureka.
yl<: . BAILED. m _ -.
Sunday. Bept 11.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka, _*¦"*:_
Stm r Marshfleld Dettmers. Hardy Creek.
St«r Centralia. Ericsson, San Pedro.
. Stmr Chialala, Kalnln. Flshermans Bay.
Stmr Pasadena. Henrickson, Eureka.
Br stmr Housatonlc. Henry. Shanghai.
Stmr W H Kruger, Nordb*re. Eureka.
Strar Greenwood. Walvlg. Albion.
btmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. Port Kodgers.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen. .
Fr bark Gen de Bolsdeffre. _• Pannerer,
Qufenstown.
Rktn Puako, Seeley. Pujet Sound.
Schr Camano. Saxe. Port Gamble.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 11. 10 p ra— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
SPOKEX.
Per Br ship Scottish Moors. May 27 — I~t
24 N,' long 21 W. F r bark Marguerite Mlra
baud, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 8— Lat SO S. long 63 W. Fr ship
Crlllon. from Antwerp, for Portland.
July IS— Lat 67 S. long 71 W. Ital bark,
letters J Q N H.
Per Br ship Matterhorn from Antwerp Eept
11— June 23. lat 41 S. long S3 31 W, Fr bark
Genevleve Mollnos, from Swansea, for San,
Francisco. - - -
Aug 15— Lat 8 39 N. long 118 15 W. Br bark
Algoa Bay. from Hongkong, for Callao.
V MEMORANDUM.
SEATTLE, Sept. 11. — The steamer " City of
Topeka eank while lying alongside the dock
at 6 p. m. this evening. No lives lost; Cause
unknown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Brook
lyn, hence Sept 8; stmr Lakme from Eureka.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Brooklyn, for ;
stmr Despatch, for San Francisco; stmr Coro
nado, for San Francisco; schr Meteor, for Port
Townsend; schr Melrose. for Astoria; stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco. -
COOS BAT— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Glen, for
San Francisco. ¦ ¦ •, • ..
. Arrived Sept ' 11— Stmr /Breakwater hence
Sept 0.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Oregon,
for Nome; stmr -Bertha, for Valdez; stmr
Dolphin, for Skagway. " ' ._
Arrived Sept 10— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagway. » Sept 11 — Stmr Santa An* from
Valdez - . • ..
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept II— Schr Falcon,
hence Auc 25.
Sailed Sept 11— Schr Charles E. Falk. for San
Francisco; brig Lurllne, for San Francisco. .
ISLAND PORT.
" HONOLuLU^-Salled Sept 10— Bark Marlon
Chllcott. for San Francisco.
. Arxlved Sept 11 — U S stmr Iroquoii, from
a cruise. ¦ • • -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 11— 8tmr La
canla. from Liverpool, for New Tork.
DOVER— Sailed Sept 11 — Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg, for New York; stmr Vader
land. from Antwerp, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 10— Stmr (_•
brla. from New; York, via Queenstown; stmr
Ionian, from Montreal, via Movllle.
NEW V&RK— Arrived "Sept 10— Stmr Ger
manic, from Southampton and Cherbourg
LIZARD— Sighted Sept 12— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm ¦ II, from New York, for ¦ Bremen, South
ampton and Cherbourg.
Two Vessels Collide on the Bay and the
Larger Pushes the Smaller to an An
chorage---More Fish Ships Gome In
PILOT BOAT GRACIE S
WRE C KS ME IGG S WHARF
THE SAN FRANCISCO -'CALLJ] MONDAY; /SEPTEMBER ,12, 1904.
The cause of the catastrophe) la not
known, although B. B. Whitney, local
Inspector of hulls and boilers, believes
that some one maliciously left open a
port hole or dead light.
At 5:15 o'clock this afternoon tho
Topeka was moved from her berth at
the Ocean dock to Pier A to finish
loading her cargo. At 6 o'clock some
bystanders on the wharf noticed that
she suddenly listed to the starboard
slightly. At first they thought they
might be mistaken, but a moment later
she went over about a foot. -There
could be no mistake about it now.
The men who were working aboard
the vessel came ashore with a rush.
Soon the Topeka went down faster
and her guy ropes snapped with a
crash. By this time an immense crowd
had congregated, .but there was noth
ing to do but watch and see what
would happen.
Pretty soon the water was up' to the
deck. Then the action was faster, and
in forty minutes from the tfme the list
was first noticed the Topeka was un
der water. Prior to the time she com
menced to take water she was well
balanced and there was nothing to in
dicate that .ler cargo was not loaded
properly. She took water from some
point below the water line, but exactly
where no one knows.
Only a short time ago the Topeka
was overhauled and put in perfect
condition. She passed inspection only a
month ago. Inspector Whitney says
that his assistant said that the To
peka was in first-class condition. The
loss will probably be about $100,000, in
cluding the cargo, which consisted of
500 tons of general merchandise.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 1L— The>
steamship City of Topeka went down to
the bottom of the bay this evening 1 .
Nothing: but her smokestack is above
water and her cargo Is floating about
In the water. No -lives were lost.
Special Dispatch to Tb« O-Q.
Big Passenger Vessel Goes
Down at Seattle on Eve
of Departure for Alaska
TOPEKA SINKS
AT THE DOCK
.Steamer. ¦: Destination. I Sails. -
Tacoma...... Nome & N. E. Siberia. ISept. 12
Ci:y Seattle.. Skagw&y -s-W.lv 'Ports. tKt>pt: 12
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. VI
City Tupeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept.' 14
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept 15
Jefferson.;... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Santa Ana... Seldovla & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Olympia Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 20
Dlrigo....... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Garonne... .. Nome S*pt. 24
FROM SEATTLE.'
Son,. Moon and Tide.
Steamer. - From.;. Due.
Chlco........ Coquille River Sept. 12
Pomona Humboldt ....> Sept. 12
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Sept. 1-
San Pedro. . . Humboldt Sept. 12
Korea China & Japan 8ept. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego St. Way Pts. Sept. 12
8. Barbara... 8an Pedro ............ Sept. 12
M. Dollar.... Kan Ptdro Sept 12
Coronado San Pedro •• Sept. 12
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Sept. 13
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 13
Alameda Honolulu .... . Sept. 13
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Pomo... Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 13
Texan Nvw lcrk Sept. VI
Argo.... Eel River Ports Sept. 13
Eureka...... Humboldt Sept. 13
Leelanaw.... Seattle Sept. 13
Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 13
DelNorte.... Crescent City .......'. Sept. 14
laqua. ....... Humboldt • Sept. 14
Corona....... Humboldt .:........... Sept. 14
Breakwater. . Coos . Bay Sept. 14
Northland... Portland &, Astoria Sept. 15
S Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept. 15
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports Sept. 13
Jeanle Seattle £ Tacoma Sept. 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 15
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 15
Peru... ...... New York via Ancon.'. | Sept. 18
G» W. Elder. Portland & Astoria jSept. 1«
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports. | Sept. 17
Queer.... .... -Pii(-:l, Sound Ports.... Sept. '8
North Fork.." Humboidt Sept. 19
Sonoma..'.... Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 19
Gaelic China & Japan Sept. 20
Nlcarla...... Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 20
San Juan..... New York via Ancon.. Sept. 21.
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 21
ARRIVED.
:V-«va^/ : « r .;nV^7". : :..~_~ " -'.Sunday. Sept 11. '.
' Russian : transport Lena; Berllnsky. 31 days
from:. Vladivostok, via Bay. Marj-. Sashallne
Island." 19 days.. :•. • ¦< . — '<-'¦•'.• -' ¦" ',
,-8tmr *; : Whltesboro," , Olsen. - 16 . hours . from
Greenwood. ¦ •'•- ¦" • - -' v vS3SBBP^HI
: . fitmr^- Pomona, 8wanson, 18?4 hours -from
EUreka.- ' ~'y ¦-"-.;•-'--.•¦ ¦ ,"- •-.¦•-•
•Stmr^ Columbia.-. Doran,-. 62^- hours « from
Portlands via Astorlar42 hours. '¦"- - .
-Stmr.-^Bninswlck," .Eilefsen, 11- hours . from
Fort . Bragg. •'. . ,
6tmr Scotia. Ifchnson. 11 hours from Bow ens
Landing. -' -< - J *Q?*'S l *Wfi»»«£S8W*(hgH^g8ti
• Ger stmr Abydos.'Leibsarth. 126 days- from
Hambuir : via" Champerlco .10 days. :
:> Stmr * Francis • H Leggctt, Reiner, 8 days
from Columbia River, l.-. - . . ...
-¦•¦ Stmr Navarro,v Weber, 17* hours from Men
docino.'':v ¦ ':¦' ¦"". .;""¦'• •»¦
. v Stmr •' ¦- Centralia. '..Kriccson. 67 hours, from
Grays r Harbor; ; bound south; put .- in to land
passengers.'".,.- '..'•- •¦•-..:-•. .
• - Stmr Arctic. Nelson, 25 hours from Eureka.
' Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 .hours from Monterey.
SHIPPING. INTEIililGENCE.
United - States Coast -and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
st Fort Point; entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .. . . ' • ,. . -. '• ¦
' NOTE— The high and low ' waters occur at
the city; front (Mission- street' wharl) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. .
'¦'¦"¦'¦'-¦•/' MONDAY. SEPTEMBER' 12.' ' .'
Sun . vises .* ,6 :4S
Sun sets . .... .r. .;....... 6:21
Moon sgts . . ':: . . ...'.'.. ... ...... ... . . . yS :2J p. m.
O ITimet JTIme| •• ITIme Tims ¦*•
£ |'.-_^|-Ft. \— — \ -Ft. i Ft. Ft
» ; fir; w| ¦;-;--ii;; w| " :|h w -. l- w : -.
12 )l:02 B.3 6:46 1.0 1:12 " B.3 7:22 - 0.5
13' 2:00 5.0 7:32 1.6 1:56 5.4 8:20 0.5
14- 3103 -ro 8:30 >2.2 2:42 "6.3 8:23 "iO.a
15 4:15 4.3 0:15 2.6 3:33 -6.110:22 - 0.5
16 5:30 4.1 10:22 .3.0 4:37 5.0|ll:42 -0.3
¦ NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early ' morning . tides are given : In the . left
hand ¦ column • and - the successive -tides of the
day in'the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day,' except when, there are but three tides, as
sometimes ¦ occurs. - The ¦ heights given are ' In
addition -to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus I — )
ilgn precedes the height.-' and then the number
riven Is subtracted ' from : the , depth, given by
:he charts. The plane of reference 4s the mean
>f .the lower, low waters. , -
Samuel and Emma L. BIssinger to I Warren
Gregory, lot on S line of. Sutter street. 1 123 "W
of Larkin. W 40. by S 120; $10.
• Dennis Mahoney Jr. to Catherine F. Nesfleld.
et s.1., lot on. 8 line of Pacific street, 167 W
of Larkin. S 127 :8U hv ,W.86:5; $10.
. Ralph. C. Danl«l« to Giovanni . Barbagetata,
lot 'commencing 23:6 E of Octavla street and
1C3 S of Green, 8:32:6 by E51:C; $10.
Jeanne Jacob to Louis Haas, lot on the S
line of Grove street,' 80 E of Laguna, E 25 by
S 120; $10. •
. Christy ' A. • McCbllam et al. to Henry A. Ar
nold, lot on S line of-Hayea street, 55 W of
Lasruna. W 63 by -S -ISO; $10. , -
- Elizabeth F. or L. Florence Heine to Isaac
Mcnsor. lot on NEjcorner of Geary and Web
ster streets. N 82:6 by E 88:9; $10.
Allan St. J. Bowie to Helen B. Detrlck. lot
on N line of •McAllister -street, 197:6 E of
Webster; E "30 .by N 137:6; gilt. -.'
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothin to John Ho
ean. lot on S'llne of Lombard street. 22:11
W of Pierce, W 2:1 by S 90: $10.. r
. Estate of Thomas M.* McMahon (by Mar
traret I. McMahon,- executrix) to Mabel B.
Gump (wife of "A." I*),, lot oh S line of Green
Btreet. 137:6 E of Devisadero.'E'SO by S137-6
$2700.- i ¦ '¦• v ¦ -v ;•¦.-'. '..'•, -•• — *
- . Margaret I. " McMahon to . «am », same ; $ — -
• Hattie A.- Root "and. 'Cora >B."Plunkett' to
Mabel G. Gump, same;/ $10. . . .
.; .Calfforn!a". : TitleVIn5Urance and Trust-Com
pany to John and Matilda Simmen, lot on N
line -of Fell street, '106:3 E-" of Brodsrick. ' r*
25 by N 1S7:6: $10.' ' - . — - - 77;
-Fannie D. -and Joseph M.-Bonacina to Fran
cis W. Seitz. lot on 8 line of California' street.
81:3 E of Lyon. E 25 by S '100: $10. • '
¦• J.: Frank . Ball >to Mary E. ' Ball, lot" on S
line of Sacramento street," 122:8'W oTEDrucp
W 25 by S 132:7'i: *ltt!" ... . Ci>ruc f.
Charles C.'Bemls (executor estate of David
R. Jonesl . te C. G. Stuhr, lot on S line of
Twenty-sixth '¦ street. : 239: W of Dolores * XV
73 by. S 114: $2025. ' VV
Same to A. J. - Granvllle. lot on S line ' of
Twenty-sixth street, .221 >E of Church E 23
by=B 114;:*C75. . : . „
Estate cf Bridget Lynch : (or -~ Uaculre) -by
SATURDAY,'. SEPT.' 10.
HEAL. . ESTATE .TRANSACTIONS.
The TUlman Estate Company (owners) with
v£?'-K?"SZ * S?" "rchltect
Emory M. Fraser— Concrete walls, piers? foot
ings and. walks for building on wSstline of
Larkln street.. 137 :« on south line of BreadwaS
west: 137:6 by north 137:8;; f-ajOL ¦ Bro * dw *»»
Same owner with William Plant (contractor)
architect same— Carpentry. Joinery. gliitnsT
and hardware for name, on same; $20,500
Same owner with Century Electric Corpora
tion- (contractors), architect same— Electrical
work for same, on same; $1075. -«*•*-«».
- Same owner with William Cronan (contrar
tor), archltact same- Sheet metal WorkTf or
same, on same: $-T233. "<*«yw
¦ Same owner with Satorlus _ Co. (contract
ors), architect -same— Ornamental metal work
for same, on same; $171::. «"=i»» wonc
; Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same— Elevator work
for same, on same; $2700. - w *
Same owner with J. T. "Ward (contraetor>
*, rC me! e | t 2lS me - PalnUn|r - etC - tOr «*¦-
Sam© owner with Duffey Bros, (contractors)
architect same — Plumbing. - sewering and *as^
fitting for same, on same; $14,110.
V Same owner with J. G. Grannis * Co. (con
tractors), architect same— Steam heat In r for
same, on same; $2129.
Same owner with Daniel O" Sullivan (con
tractor), architect same — Lathing (metal) and
plastering for same, on same; $11,830.
Same owner with W. H. McConnlek (con
tractor), architect same — Marble and tile work
tor same, en same; $1500.
Same owner with same contractor, architect
same — Cleaning down building, painting uj>
brickwork, sidewalk, finish basement and
floor?, sidewalk lights, sidewalk doors, coal
chutes and sidewalk ventilators, tor same, on
came: $1000.
Same owner with same contractor, architect
same — Brickwork, stonework, sidewalks, ttrr*
cotta. cast and wrought Iron work for same
on same: $18,075.
Mattle Garoutte (owner) with J. XT. Mitchell
(contractor). — architect — All work for a two
story; and- basement frame building on the
S line of Vallejo street. 1«3 W of. Pierce. W
27:6 by S 137:6; $5250.
William McCormick (owner) with M. V.
Brady (contractor), architect T. J. Welsh — Tak
ing down old buildings, excavating, grading
and brick work in basement walls and piers
for an eight-story and basement brick building
containing rooms and stores, on the N line
of Turk street. 68:9 E of Taylor. N 112 to
E 88:9: $4350.
John Farnham (administrator) to Geors* E.
Stieglltz, lot on E line of Church street. 73 S
of Twenty-aecond. S 28 by E 125; $1310.
William and Emma J. Plant to City Trust.
Safe Deposit and Surety Company, lot en NEJ
corner of Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets.
E 65 by N 1U; $10. . /
City and County of San Francisco to Homer
5. King, lot on S line of Francisco. 133 W of
Dupont. W ?0 by S 7O: $ .
Walter Green to Max W. Zucktnaan, lot on
E line of Brooklyn place, 67:6 S of Sacra
mento street. S 20 by E 57:6; $10.
Amelia F. Counsman to Jerry D. Fabris.
lot on SW line of First street, 113 SB of Har
rison. SE 60 by SW 73: $10.
James (or James W.) Sullivan to Isabella ~.
Schottler, lot on NE line of Langton street. 250
SB of Howard. SE 25 by NE 80; $10.
¦Mary E- Hennlc to John F. Hennlr. un
divided one-half Interest in lot on W Un« of
Vermont street. 126: S N of Fifteenth, N 63:1
by W 200; $10.
Ann.'c E. Lloyd to Jennie J. Morris (w if* of
A. T.). lot on E line of Third avenu*. 150 S
of Deeth (or California) street South. S 23 by
E 120; $10.
Paul ' Jeenlcke to Emma Jeenlclc*. lot en H
line of Great Highway. 362:8 S of J street.
S 50 by E 120; $10.
Sarah A. Annie E. and Martha Orr to
Thomas L. Sharman. lot 13. block 863, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation: $10.
Tlicothy Rlordan to James FJordan. lot on
NW line of Wyoming street. 223 NE of Sickles.
NE 25 by NW ICO. Sears" subdivision of block
6. West End map No. 2; gift.
Marte A. D. Marjot to Georff* Mechter
shelmer, lot on NW corner of Vernon and
Randolph streets, W 200 by N 100, lots 1 to 8,
block IS. City Lands: $10. .
Giuseppe and Boetto Rossi to Alfred and
Emma Alberts lot on SW line of Seventeenth
avenue, 75 NW of I street, NW 73 by SW 100,
block 251. O'Neill & Haley Tract: $10.
Albert C. Alken to Bridget Gregjralns, lot on
SW.Une of San Bruno road, 173 NW of Way
land street, NW 25 by SW 240. lots 18 and 17.
block 5. University Mound: $20.
Bridget Greggains to George H. Cafferata.
same; $
. Builders' Contracts.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 11—5 p. m.
THK COAST RECORD. _
O sttsi .« *£ n
3 w3^3 $Z »* *
STATIONS. | 2 1 33 I§ * S £
• c c • * • o
Baker .......29.92 70 40 NW Clear .00
Carson 29.78 88 46: W Clear .00
Eureka "JO. 92 56 48 W Fog .OO
Fresno 2O.7JJ loo v* NW Clear .00
8.E. Farallon. 20.90 56 M SW Cloudy .0O
Flagstaff .,..20.92 76 42 E Cloudy .02
Pocatello 29.83 78 44 SW Clear .00
Independence .20.80 88 04 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 86 80 £4 SW JOar .00
Mt. Tamalpais29.87 80 87 SE - Clear .00
North Head.. 30.04 64 50 NW Cloudy ,0O
Phoenix 29.74 08 72 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes LU.29.S5 57 51 SW Fog .00
Portland 29.92 78 56 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.76 03 62 SE Clear .00 :
Roseburg ....29.90 82 44 W Cloudy . .00
Sacramento ..20.78 S4 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...29.S8 80. .. NW Clear .00
San Francisco.29.92 »> 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 20.88 7« 58 NW Cloudy .00
San Diego 20.80 78 68 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle So.04 70 42 NW" Pt.ady .00
Spokane 29.94 7« 40 W Cloudy .00
Tatoosh ..a. 30. 04 54 4S NE Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 90 84 40 E Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca .29.88- R4 44 NW ¦ Clear - .no
Yuma 20.76 08 76 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy or foggy weather prevails along the
entire coast and cloudy weather in Southern
Utah and Northern Arizona. Thunderstorms
are reported In Northern Arizona, and a light
shower In Southern Utah.
- The pressure has -risen along the California
coast and fallen over the plateau region.
The temperature has risen In Eastern Ore
gon and Northern Arizona and fallen in South
ern Utah. In other districts the changes have
been slfsht. v \
¦ Conditions are favorable for cloudy or foggy
weather along the Central and* Northern Cali
fornia coast Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 12:
Northern California — Fair In the" interior,
cloudy or f furry along the coast Monday: fresh
westerly wind.
'¦Southern California — Fair Monday; light
west- wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday
• San Francisco and vicinity — Clondy.or foggy
Monday; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Monday;
l.'zht west wind.
• G. H. WILLSON^ Local. Forecaster.
i -Steamer. ' .Destination. I Sails. Pier.
• "J September 12. |- '
Aurella Astoria & Portland B pm Pier 37
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... S pm Pier 20
City Pucbla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Bonlta. .... Newport _ Way... 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
San Pedro. . Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Corcnado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
September 13. '
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt ..1:30 p Pier it
Chico • Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
. September 14.
Marlposa..*. Tahiti direct ..... 11 am Pier 7
Arctic...... Humboldt.. 9 am Pier 2
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
September 15.. . '
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8
S. Monica.. Eos Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier. "2
Kureka Humboldt ft am Pier 13
Q. Llndauer Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier -7
Oregonlan.. New York ....|Pier25
Porno...... Pt. Arena _ Albion 6 pm Pier 2
StaU of Cal San Diego _. Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 16. .
G. Dollar.. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Corona...., Humboldt l:30pPier U
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Hathor . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 16
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
J September 17.
Areo. Eel River Ports Pier —
Pt Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmiPler 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 8
Barracouta. N;. Y.-.via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Alnmeda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
September 19.
G. W. Elder Astoria _ Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanle. Seattle _ Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
. September SO.
Korea...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
10
AUCTION SALES
__a ___ J__%
At Auction
100 Head of Sound Young
Horses, and Mares
"WILL BE SOLD; ON
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.
At 11 o'clock, at J. B. KORAN'S BALES-
TAR DS cor. Tenth and Bryant st*. Com*
and get them at your own prices, as they
must and will 1» ¦$.__ < -- x3t Auctlonew .
pr* Closing Out Sale at Auction 5^
"WEDNESDAY. September 1*. at It a. ra.,
2109 MISSION ST.. Near Seventeenth.
On account of property changing hand*. I
will sell my entire livery and teaming busi-
ness, consisting of 2S horses from 10CO to l«0
pounds: also 2 laundry wagons, milk and gro-
cery wagons, business busgleq. 14 sets w.son
harness. 3 sets buggy barnes*. 3 sets double
harness. 2 buggy poles, whips and robes; also
2 fine milch cows. Parties' wishing to buy will
do well tt> attend this sale, as evenrthlngmust
be -old. A. H. SCOFXELD. Prop.
A. H. ANDERSON. Auctioneer.
•» THERE will be an auction sal» at 1140
*^ FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAT. Sept. 13. at
11 a. m.. of 1 doctor's horse, phaeton and har-
ness; 4 rubber-tire runabouts; 1 farmer w* gem;
1 express wagon and team; also a largo assort-
ment of horses, wagons, buggies, surreys, carts
and harness. 'WILLIAM CLOUQH. auctioneer.
£-» £»• £~>
AUCTION SALS of 80 head of GOOD TOUNO
HORSES WEDNESDAY. Sept. 14. at It
a. m. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 827
SIXTH ST. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BOOXS rOB^KOTTSE-SEPr-rO — Con.
lTgUNA. 1507. comer C^W-ElecanUy fur-
cisbtd sunny room s; bath, phone; new flat.
private; reasonable.
LIBRAItT bids.. Van Nees and Golden Qat«
a ves.— Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
McALUSTKR. CS3-2 or * ¥ % nrurnl »} 1< ii,'™> m ."
for housekeeping; reg. kitchen; call before «.
MISSION. 6C8 — Eunny housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all location*.
Phone qay 886. 0
NINETEENTH. 8473. near Valencia— Two
nicely furnished front rooms hskg; gas; bath.
OAK 1 IT— Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
s.12'; Kas range; hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. J403, ccr. Geary— Large sunnny
-alte; housekeeping; g*< range; <16.
OFARZ-d-L, 623— Alcove suite; separate
kitchen; also large front parlor.
O'FARRE—U 1895— 2 nicely furnished front
housekeeping rooms In new flat. 1__1___-
POST. 862— Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
gss, bath, phone: very convenient; $10 to *25.
eCOTT. 300, northeast corner Page — Two aewly
fumis'ned, cunny. housekeeping rooms; quiet,
respectable. _________
SECOND. 149 — Nice furnished rooms; none
more reasonable In the city.
THE VIRGINIA, IOCS Powell— Furnished or
unfurnished bay-window suites, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; alto eingle.
TWENTIETH. 3«S0 — Nicely furnished room for
housekeeping; phone: reasonable.
TURK. £14^ — Desirable housekeeping or fur-
nished rooms at reduced rates^
TURK. 1169— Two suites front parlors for
housekeep.; nice location; new house; reas.
VAN NEKS. 81. near Market— Nice rooms for
housekeeping!; central snd convenient.
APABT-X-fT HOUSES.
VAN NUTS, cor. Bush and Jones sts.
New management: freeh paint and tinting;
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 room eultes.
GLENDORE. IMS Pine; attractive «-room
suites; crivate laundry, bath, maid's room;
unique la decisrn and spDointnient.
THE BENTON apartments. 825 Octavla st. —
FurniFhed 2-3 room suites; opposite beautiful
park.
MATBELLE Apartments. 202 Grove — Sunny
furnished 2 and 3 rocm suites; gas and bath.
MODERN 6-rocra cottage to let; rent $30. 1S10
Turk Bt. I
ALTAMON'T, SE. cr. Washington and Mason —
3-room apartments, furn. and unfum.; bath.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-J
rooms:- furn. or unfur.; refs. TeL East 1350.
BOO— vS TO — ET — run. and Unfum.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern s pertinents, single rooms.
etc.. from 25c to $1; rates by the week or
_cnt_
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
2Sc to SI per eight. $1 23 to $5 per week and ]
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT '"The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth -t.) — Rooms. 25c, SOc. $1. $1 bO night;
II If) to flO week; bouse cpen all night.
BELMONfJ House, over Owl drug rtore. 2 en-
trances, n.6 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water tn every room; 200
. rootnn: 21c to SOc per night; $1 25 to $3 week. ¦
BL'iiH. 755— -To rent; 2 large well furnished
roon:s; -:s-c of eas and bath.
___________________________________________ . >
BUSH. 16S4 — Sur.ny room to let.
CALIFORNIA, C23— Pleasant sunny rooms to
let.
CLARA. 77 — Rooms or basement: board for
jentiera*n; lower flcor.
EDDT. 3, cor. Powell, Market and Eddy —
Well furnished rooms; reasonable. t j
tDDY. 432 — Fine furnished rooms; all con-
veniences: fingle rooms; baths; reasonable.
EDDT. 4GS — Large, sunny parlor; running
water; grate; suitable for two gentlemen.
ELLIS. 1323— Nice single room to let.
FIFTH. 251 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable i>rice.
FOLSOM. CCS — Nicely furnished room to let.
FOLKOM. 1220— Neatly furnished sunny room
to let.
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms, suitable for two; $10.
rUP.XKHED rooms to let; all locations. Phoa*
Clay COS.
GEARY, 6t>4— Frcnt rocms and kitchen; also
others.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 433 — One furnished
room. »
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 15_i, near Scott — Rear
sunny rocm to let.
GRAND Southern. 7th snd Mission — Rooms 33c
to SI 21 night: $1 50 to $ti wk. : reading-no.
HARRISON. 721— Nice furnished rooms; c«-n-
tra.1 location.
HARRISON. 7S4»i. near 4th— Finely furnished
cunny rocms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON. 'J7». nr. t-lxth— Two nice fur-
nished rooms for two eentlcmen.
HARRISON. 1216'i — Small room to rent.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day end Jl 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, O35»i— Newly renovated furnished
rooms tn let.
JO'SIE. 323— Hall alcove with clean opt bed,
SI 25 week.
JESSIE, 3C3— Unfurnished rooms to let,
JONES. 917, nr. Bush— Single, sunny room;
running water; bath; phone.
LAfiKIN. 40»;«-i — :»"ice sunny back i«arlor, with
— unions' w&'er; suitable lor two.
LARKIX. K19'_ — Large, sunny, front room;
suitable for lady or gentleman; $12 per
month.
LASK1E, 11. Let. 81 h and 9th, off Mission—
Front room suite: 1 or 2 friend*.
UBERTY. 504, nr. Ca-tro —^lod., sunny par-
lors; kitchen; dining-room; bath; warm belt.
MARKET. 093— Suite, and tingle rooms to let.
MARKET. 1<C3 — Furnished roc^is, day, week
cr month, to let.
MARKET, 3049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny room.
"w« cold wcter. elevator:win_owi lor uaradel
MASON, 034, rr. Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
suite cr single; reasonable.
MINNA. 1034 — Sunny front rocm; private
tumiiy.
MISSION. 573— Sunny room; SI week.
PACIFIC, 1405 — Furnished room.
PAGE, 177C — Three front unfurnished rooms.
PII.'RCF:, "SI— Seven sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap.
PINE, 1733— Newly furnished; liitht and sunny;
beth; phone; runntns: water; reasonable.
POST, 607, near Mason — Nice, tunny, bay-
wixuSow room, suitable for two.
POWELL. 216. near O'Fsrrell— Sun_y furaish-
f-c rooms: i2 week up; 3 car Uses.
SACRAMENTO. I0O5— Two or three front
rooms: unfurnished: gas; bath.
SACRAMENTO. 1O41'— A neatly furnished front
hall 1 room In private family.
SAN ANTOMO, "1 Taylor— New and modern
suits and e'.nxle rocms; all night elevator
service.
Sim Kit, 62O— Large! elegantly furnished,
•unsy rooms.
SUTTER. -918 — Two nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen; with board.
THIRTEENTH. 238— Nice, sunny, front room;
running water; bath; overlooking garden; $7.
THE Larchn-.oct, 3C1 Sutter— New brick
building, finely furnished; hot and cold j
water, steam beat, privilege to baths; $3 to ,
It. week.
¦ ¦
TTTRK. 816—3 stngl* roo_n_ cicely famished
for gentlemen. - - -
TURK, 1IS9 — Nice, furnished -rooms; new
house; select reirhborhood.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 25c to $1 night. SI 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric ILrbU (no gas), rucnlncr water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bos; baggage.
WINCHESTER HoteL 44 3d «*.. ne*r Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
*8c to SI &0 night; f_ to $S week; elevator;
, titc. 1!< fata; rcal-Off-room; free bus; ba«>f ••
VALLEJO, 1130. cor. Leavenworth, 1 block to
Kyde-st. car 1 — Newly furnished, sunny front
rooms; running water; excellent home cook-
Ing; yard; laundry; phone; private family;
young couple preferred; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 819 — Handsome parlor suite,
with piano: private house; to husband and
wife; board If desired;- owner only; refs.
COMFORTABLE, sociable, moderate home for
gentleman; 20 minutes to electric cars; good
board. Box 1187. Call.
ROOMS and board; very reasonable; private
house; suitable for two gentlemen: refer-
ences; excellent table. 1263 Octavla st.
YOUNG man of cood habits wishes room and
board in private family; two meals; etate
rates. Bo* 1373. Call office. .
AN Inexpensive, sociable home In Mission, nr.
Market, for gentleman; good board. Box
1621. Call office.
NICE, sunny, furnished rooms, with or with-
out board; all accommodations. . 1033 Golden
Cate ave.
EDDT. 112?, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
EIGHTH ave., 674 — 2 tronry bay-window and
single rooms, with breakfast; near Park;
Eddy-st. cars.
ELLIS, 453 — Fine suite, suitable for family or
four gentlemen; French table board: reas.
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and room,
tingle or double. $5-$G wk.; American family.
LARGE, tunny room and board, ?5 week. 323
First st.
MASON". 6J5A. nr. Sutter — Sunny room and
board In private family.
O'FARRKLL. 91f* — Sunny large furn*. room,
with good board and run. water; reasonable.
ROOMS snd bosrd to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 100 Golden Gate ave.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
999, '
Stevenson Mansion, cpp. Grace Church annex,
607 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
TURK. 1161— Rooms with board.
BOOKS AND BOABD WANTED.
ROOMS snd board wanted in private family
by widow and grown son; few stairs;* West-
ern Addition. F. A. HEALY. 803 California,
BOOM-BEKTING A.GENCT.
Have you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay SOU.
STORAGE AND WAKEHOTJSES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nets; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnitur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Stores* Co., 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2911; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126. I
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 810
Mission ut.; tel. Hcward 911. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage snd Furniture Moving Com- j
t-any. 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281. !
BEKINS Van and Storajre Co.. 11 Montgomery '.
St.; tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MA.CHIHES AITS SUPPLIES. •
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will ;
trade you a new one for It. Visit the new j
retail office of the White Company. 915 Mar- j
ket st.. and see the great collection of ma- '
chine art work now on exhibition ; 1000 new j
Whites for rent; best machines on earth. |
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any {
Frier; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine; I
• II kinds. $3. $5, $S: guaranteed; where the I
do'lg s-xlny In the window. 1051 Market st. !
SPECIAI, STOTXCES. !
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the '
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON- I
DAY. September 26. 1904, at 9 a*, m., at the i
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.. .
for the election of four trustees, etc. By or- j
der of the Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ. President. >
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
ARD SUPPLIES. j
j AN exceptionally good No. 2. Remington. No. 1 i
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at |
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 036 California st. j
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. I
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market. }
VIAVI.
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters' I
bnm<> treatment: booklet free: write for It.
VIAVI CO.. g«H Van Nesg: phone East 2S2.
PBOPOSAI.S.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Office
Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery !
St., San Francisco, Cal., September ft, 1904. j
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to j
usual conditions, will be received at this j
office until lifo'clock a. m.. September 28,
l'J04, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for lurnishing and delivering at the San
* Francisco Depot, California stationery. '
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers, !
hardware, paint, oil, etc. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any ,
or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur- |
nished on application. Envelopes containing j
! proposals to be marked, j "Proposals for
Quartermaster Supplies No. 6970," and ad- '
j dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
' master. U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CHAPTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOU THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE IIARUOK I
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND |
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND I
COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO: TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY- |
MENT OF SAID BONDS': AND PROVIDING I
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20, 1903.]
The people of the State of California, repre-
sented in senate and assembly, do
enact as follows:
• Section 1. For the purpose ot providing a
fund for the paj'meut of the indebtedness here-
by authorised to be incurred by the board of j
state timber ccmicissloners for the erection of |
a fctawi.li and appurtenances in tbe city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to. exceed
two million dollars <wblch said seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
missioners are hereby empowered to construct
-n the manner authorized by law, and at a.
I cost not to exceed eaid two million dollars), the
I state treasurer shall, immediately after the
I issuance of the proclamation of the governor,
i provided for in section ten hereof, prtpare two
thousand suitable bonds of tbe State of Cali-
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dollars each. Th« whole issue of said bonds
shall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and Eaid bonds shall bear interest at the rate
of four Der centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, anj both principal
and interest shall be payable in gold coin
of tbe present standard of value, and they
shsll be payable at tbe office of the state
treawirer. at the expiration of nineteen years
irom their date, wibject, however, to re-
demption by lot as in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall boar date, the
second day of January. A. D. nineteen hundred
and fi-.i. and ebail be made- payable on tbe
eecond day of January, nineteen hundred end
tweuty-tour A.* D. The interest accruing on
such of said bonds as are solJ shall be due
end payable at the office of the said btate
treasurer on tbe second day of January, and
on the second day of July, of each year after
the «a<* or the same; provided, that the nr,-rt
paytnrnt of Interest shall be made on the
second day tf "January. A. D. nineteen hun-
dred and six. on to many of said bonds - as
may have been theretofore sold. At the ex-
piration cf nineteen years from the date ot
said bonds, all bond6 sold shall cease to bear
interest, and, likewise, all bonds redeemed by
«Jot shall <<jl*« to bear interest as iu thin
act provided. ai:d the said state treasurer shall
call in. forthwith ¦ pay. and cancel the same,
out of the moneys in the Ban Francisco seawall
•hiking fund provided for In this act, and
he shall on the tlrst Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. All
bonds Issued shall be • signed ¦ by the governor.
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
•ball - nav* -the seal uf the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that It is subject to redemption by lot after
tbe year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to «ach of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed ' without injury to or mutila-
.lion of the bondl Bald coupons shall be con-
eccutively numbered, and shall , be signed by
the state treasurer. .. But . no interest . on any
uf eaid bonds -hall be paid for any time which
may intervene between the date of any ot
said bonds and the Issue and sale thereof to
a run i lisnn ' TTwU IMiBhflrsTWsnaissnriiMCiiJl'^i
Sec. 3. The sum of one .thousand dollars Is
hereby appropriated to pay tbe expense that
may be incurred by .the - state - treasurer - in
having said bonds prepared. .Said amount shall
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor mi-
provement fund on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose. .;'-¦*
Sec. 4. When the . bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
ehall be directed by . the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re-
questing such gale shall have been adopted by
the board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids
for said bonds, or for any of them, which
ehall be below the par value ' of said ' bonds
to ottered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time .tlxed for the
tale, continue such sale, as to the whole of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered,
to cuch time and place as he may select.
Due notice cf the time and place of sale
of all 'bonds must Ih» given , by said treas-
urer by publication in two newspapers pub-
lished in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, and also by publication in one news-
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication In one newspaper published in
- the city of Los Angeles, and ~ by publication
in one newspaper published in the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication shall be paid out of the San Fran-
cieco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer Into the
treasury, and must-be by him kept in a sep-
arate fund, to be known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be us-r-d exclusively for the construction of
eeawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
water front of the city ,and county of San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and ehall be paid,
out of . eaid /fund in the* name manner as
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of the San Francisco harbor Improvement
fund. - .
Sec. 6. For the payment of the . principal .
and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated as the "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the same
is hereby created, as follows: The state treas-
urer shall, on the first day of each and every
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
the San Francisco harbor improvement fund
such sum as, multiplied by the time the bonds
then sold and outstanding have to run, will
vqual the principal of the bonds sold and out-
Standing at tha time said treasurer shall so take
eaid sum from said ban Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom fur said purpose; and he shall
place the sum in the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund created by this act. Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys in
BaiiJ sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of
the United States, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities of
the State of California, which said bonds shall
be kept In a proper receptacle, appropri-
ately labeled; but he muet keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of money in said
sinking fund with which to pay the inter-
est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be issued as may have theretofore
been Mold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be Mild and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay Into said seawall
sinking fund, an amount equal to the monthly
interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
livered and outstanding. The board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and above the amount^limlted by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
etx of the Political Code of the State of
California. Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
I dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until the maturity of said bonds, the
Eaid treasurer shall, in the presence of the
governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of bonds as shall be requisite to
exhaust as nearly as may. be the amount in
¦ said sinking fund at that time, and shall
I thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
I cember following give notice by public ad-
vertisement to be inserted twice a week for
i two weeks in two newspapers published In
! the city and county of San Francisco, and also
! in one newspaper published in the city of Oak-
f land, and also in one newspaper published in
j the city of Los Angeles, and also In one
j newspaper published In the city of. Sacra-
j mento, stating the number of bonds so drawn
and that | the principal of said bonds "will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
I before the second day of January, following,
I and that from and after such last named
date all Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds eo drawn by lot
are mirrendertd to him and paid to cancel
1 the same and the interest coupons thereon,
• and each year beginning with the year 1914
; the said treasurer shall, in the manner afore-
; Baifi. proceed to draw by lot such an amount
I of bonds ar shall be requisite, to exhaust as
• nearly eg may be the amount in said sinking
: funo, and proceed in the manner hereinabove
. stated. After the payment of all of said bonds,
the surplus or balance remaining in said slnk-
i ing fund, it any there be. shall forthwith be
paid lute* the San Francisco harbor improve-
ment fund; At the time of the respective draw-
i ings by lot as aforesaid, and also .at the ma-
! turity of sa:d state bonds, said treasurer shall
» eell the United States or other bonds then in
I said sinking fund, at governing market ratee,
I after advertising the sale thereof In the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
Thereby authorized to be Issued, and shall use
j the proceeds for the payment of such bonds as
j may be drav/n by lot, and at the maturity of
eaid bonds outstanding- shall pay and redeem
j said matured outstanding bonds out ol said
i moneys In said fund in extinguishment of eaid
I bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
: Sec. (i. The state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under thU
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
an abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter'
' provided for in this act ehall at all times be
! open to the Inspection of any party interested,
j or the governor, or the attorney general, or
j a committee of either branch of the legislature,
j or a joint committee of both, or any citizen
of the Etate.
Sec 7. It shall be the duty of the state
treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds.
< wh..n the same falls due. out of the sinking fund
! provided for In this act, on controller's . war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This act. If adopted by the people,
I ehall take effect on the thirty-flrst day of De-
I cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
j to all its provisions except those relating to and
necessary for its submission to the people,
I and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to said exceptcd pro-
vision's this act shall take effect immediately.
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of-, the State of California for their
ratification at the nest general election, to be
liolden in the month of November. A. D.
nineteen hundred and four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act," and In a sep-
: arate line under the same the words "Against
j the San Francisco Seawall Act," and opposite
said lines there shall be left spaces in which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
j Indicate whether they vote for or against the
I paid act, and tnese voting for said act shall
do so by placing a ! cross opposite* the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all
those voting a_ra!n»t the said I act shall do eo
by placing a cross* opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall .Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid. In
hi:-< proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
j Sec. 10. The votes cast for br against thin
I act shall be counted, returned nnd canvassed
and declared In the same manner and subject
to the ; same rules es votes cast for stat*
officers: and If it appear that said act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against It at such election, as aforesaid,
th< y the same shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall be lrrepea'.able
until the principal and interest .of the liabil-
ltiie herein created shall he paid and dis- i
charged, and the governor Fhall make procla- j
niatlcn thereof; but if a majority of the votes
cast an aforesaid are against this act, then
the same shall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act." .
See. Yi. . ¦ AH acts and parts ot acts in
conflict with the provisions -of this .' act are
hereby repealed. • - . " .* '
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures: rstab. in S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to S p.m.
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death'' notices sent by
mail will not be -inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of -per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column"
free of charge. . t
ROttX.
FLEISSNER — In this city. September 9, 1904,
to the wife of G. A. Flelssner, a daughter.
ROSENBERG — In this city,' September. 10.
to the wife of. William ¦> Rosenberg, . a
¦ son. " ' ¦ . „ . .'. . ¦ . .
STEVENS— In this city. September 11, . 1004,
to the . wife .of Dr. W._E.\ Stevens, a
daughter. -
DIED. . ;
. Allen. Charles H. Mullin, Thomas J.
Broad. Sarah J. O'Brien. . Mathtas
Buah;> Margaret ." '¦ Olsen. :Kdward V
Crowley. William "Phemeater,- Walter 8.
Deal, Sarah Jane . Richmond. Julia t A..
Detje, Martin ' ¦ • Robinson, Daniel T,
Donnelly* • John Russell, -John' S. "'
Farrell, Mrs.' Eliza -Russell, Joseph L. ',
• Garrick. James H. Schenck, W.-T. Y.
Gilbert, Joseph A. 1 Schlatter. Alois '
Handley, Frank H. ; : Smith, Harriet R. .
Hull,'. John , _ S»e.ncer, Stephen B.
Johnson. Benjamin^' Tew.- Martha A. :. '
Klnney. Elizabeth "Van Denburgh F.I*.
Kuhlomann (Infant) Williams, Alice H.-
Mllcy. Mai-sle . Williamson. Harriet
Mohr, Arthur
ALLEN— In San - Jose. September 11,* 1004,
Charles Herman -Allen, a • native of Penn-
sylvania, aged -.76 years and 7 months.
(CFrieii.is and: acquaintances aretrespect-
f ully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day, at 3 • p. in., * at -Trinity Episcopal
Church.'San Jose; •;..¦;. _~ ' ., /• ' .; .
BROAD— In Oakland. September 11." . 1904.
Sarah J.. beloved wife of C. A". Broad. "and
mother of James. and Charles. E. Broad and
Mrs. Mary Yerrlck * and grandmother of
. Allan J. Yerrlck. • a 'native of Philadelphia.
. Pa., aged 79 years 2 months and 14 days.y .
BUSH— In this city. September 10, 1904,^Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late John Bush,
and loving mother of Frank. William.- Jo-
seph, John and George Bush, a native Of
City of Cork, Ireland aged 57. years.
GTFrUnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
. September 12. 1904. at 8:30 a. m., from her
late residence; 837. Capp street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, thence -to
Bt. Peter's fchurch; where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated" for. the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m." Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. -.
CROWLEY— In -Visalia September : 11. 190*.
William Crowley beloved brother of Mrs.
It. T. Davis "and 'Michael Crowley." a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 32 years.
DEAL— In this city" September '10/: 1904; Sarah
Jane, beloved wife of the late Captain Sam-
uel Deal.', and ; devoted mother" of Wilson,
, Samuel and the late Harry Deal, a native.of
Pittsburgh Pa., aged 79 years G months and
4 days. . ¦> . ' '• . ¦ ..
ICKrlcnds and.acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day ' (Monday),- . at < 3 p. .m., ¦ at 'the
parlors of ¦ II. F. Suhr '_' Co..- 1137 ; Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. . Inter-
ment Sacramento, Cal. . . * : '.'
DETJE— In this ' city, ¦ September 11. 190i,
Martin Detje, a , native of Hamburg, " Ger-
many, aged 67 years and-1 month. -
IE~Intertnent strictly private.- ..
DONNELLY-rln Oakland, September 11.1904,
.John, beloved ¦ .husband ' of the late Mary
Donnellyv and father of John C' James J.,
Simon P., Frank,- Joseph C.,- Eugene -L..
Margery M. and Llda M. Donnelly. -' and
grandfather of . John J. and Charles 8;
Donnelly, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years
, and 8 months. ¦ ¦. \
FARRELL— In Austin. Nev., September 6,
3004. Mrs. Eliza Farrell formerly of San
Francisco, aged 94 years.
GARRICK— In" this city September. 11. 1004,
James H.. beloved husband of Julia Garrick,
and loving son of Margaret Garrlck, a na-
tive of England.* , i • •»
E7 Remains at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brcarty & Green.. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ... . . ~"~ •
GILBERT— In this city, September H. 1904,
Joseph A., beloved " son of ; Horace and Edna
Gilbert, and brother -of Gladys Gilbert, ; a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
5 days. <
HANDLEY— In this " city. September $. 1904,
Frank Raymfind Handley. beloved husband
of Laura J. Handley, father of- the lat*
Raymond Handley. and son of . C. J. and
Mlna. Handley. a native of McMinnville. Or..
aged 29 years 11 months and ¦ 7 days. A
member of Fair Oaks- Camp No. 15, Sons of
. Veterans. -" :,' ¦. - » •
iryFnends and acquaintances are respeqt-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p.. m., from the family resi-
dence. 806 Shrader street.' Interment Cypres3
Lawn Cemetery by carriage. ¦. .
HULL— In Oakland. September 10 1904, John,
beloved husband of -Ada F. Hull, a na-
tive of Greggsvlile. Livingston County. New
York. . »: - ¦ -. ,- - •
E-7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to services at A. Brown's un-
dertaking .parlors. Odd Fellows* building,
corner of Shattuck avenue and Addison
street, Berkeley, at 2,p.m. Monday. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, . Oakland.
JOHNSON— In Mill Valley.. Marin County.
Benjamin B. Johnson beloved husband- of
Ida Johnson, and devoted father of Elizabeth
A. Johnson and Mrs. Walter ' Allen, a na-
tive of. Marin County. «ged : 51 ¦ years 11
months and ; 28' days. .. -.
(E7"FrUnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
Tuesday. September -13." at 9 a." m. at his
late residence," at Millwood thence to -St.
Mary's - Church/ SauFalito, for services at
10 a.m.. Interment Sausall to Cemetery.
KINNEY— In this , city, September 8, 1004,
Elizabeth, widow of. the late William. J.
Klnney. and dearly beloved" mother of "Annie
K. Lyons and * Llllie M., Edward ¦ F. ¦ • and
William J. -Klnney, a native of- 1 County
Cavan, ¦ Ireland, aged 70 years 4 months and
2Sflay9. - :. v - - -
C7Fnend> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral Monday,
September 12, at' 9 a. m., from her late
residence.- SOW^_ Hyde- street, thence to Si.
Mary's ' Cathedral, . where . a solemn requiem
hlsli mass tvlll'be celebrated for the repose
" of her soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
KUHLEMANN— In this city. September 10.
1004. beloved Infant daughter of William
, and Louisa Kuhlemann.. and sister of Emil,
,' Willie and- Lucile 'Kuhlemann, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. E. iHalbritter. and Mrs. M.
Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
days. . ¦ : , ¦¦-..¦..-• • . ¦¦• . ,-.
MILEY— In this .- city. -September - 11,* 1801.
at: the residence. .. 1420 Valencia street.-
Maggie, • beloved daughter , of ' the late An-
drew and Hanna Mlley, and sister of Annie
and the late James Miley, a native of San
Francisco. - - ¦ • . . ' ¦*
C7"Funeral notice hereafter.
MOHR — In this city/ September ' * 8, 1904.
Arthur, dearly beloved' and only' child of
Allle and the late J. Henry- Mohr, and be-
loved grandson cf Henry and Susie Steffens.
a native of Uklah. Cal., aged 1 year 1
month and 5 days.
C7" Funeral private. .
MULLIN— In this ; city, September 10. 1004,
Thomas J. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Mullin. and father of Thomas J. Mullin. a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
ti5 years. . ¦ ¦
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. 'm., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission street,
thence to St. James Church, where mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 a. m. Interment private. •.
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 11. 1004,
Mathlas, beloved husband of the late Mary
O'Brien, and father of M. J." O'Brien and
Mrs. M. McDermott. a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years. , .
tC7Remains at the funeral parlors of
McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister street.
OLSEN— In the City and .County Hospital.
September 10. 1904. Edward Olsen, a native
of Norway, aged 43 years.
PHEMESTER— In this city, September 10,
1904, Walter S.. beloved husband of Kate
Phemester, and father , of Walter T.,
Franklin J, and Evelyn, Bert. ! ' Clara and
Gordon Phemester. a native of Kansas, aged
. 41 . years 4 months and 1 day. A member
of San FrancUco Aerie No. 5, F. O. ¦ E. ;
• Altahmos Tribe No. 87. Imp. O. R. M., and
San Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights of the
Royal Arch.
IE?' Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on
"Wednesday, , September J J, at 2 p. m.,. from
the funeral parlors ot Porter & White. 423
Golden Gato avenue. Funeral under the aus-
pices of San Francisco. Aerie No. '5 F. O.
E. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. '
RICHMOND— In this city, at St. Luke's Hos-
pital. September 11. 190*. Julia A., widow
of the late William Richmond, beloved
mother of W. A. Richmond of San Fran-
cisco and Mw. C. Oscar Tribbey ' of Ply-
mouth, Ind., and sister, of Mrs. H. H.
Knapp of Napa and Mrs. C G." Ault of San
Francisco. (Napa, Cal.. and Plymouth; Ind.
papers please copy.) ¦- " . ' ' .
CTFuneral and interment Tuesday. Sep-
tember ,13, at 2 p.-m., t -at Napa, Cal. - ' - ' < ¦'
ROBINSON— In Oakland, September 11, 1904.
. Daniel Tylerson, beloved; husband of Harriet
E. Robinson, and father- of Oscar M.. J.
Chester and Jay H. Robinson, a native- of
Maine, aged 70 years" 8 months and 18 days, j
RUSSELL— In OaUland. September 11. j 1904;
John Sutton, dearly beloved husband of
Sarah Russell, a native of Boston, England,
aged. C5 years and 25 days. ' .
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toiattend the funeral' services
Tuesday. September ,13 "at JO a;' m. at
Shattuck -avenue M. ; E.:v Church, co'rner
Sixtieth street and Shattuck avenue." Inter-
ment Evergreen Cemetery.* •- .-•- l , •
RUSSELL— In ;thls city, V.September ". 11,- 19CM,
Joseph Leslie, beloved son. of. Frederick ; C.
and Annie Russell, -and- brother- of Marvin
Russell.' a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 2 months and 25 'days. .-: . . : . • .
1 . C/T»lerd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to r attend- the': funeral' ssrvlces"
Monday, ¦ September 12.-; at. -2 < p.- m..* a t the
rcbidence of his parents, 2350 Mission ' street.
Interment .Mount Olivet' Cemetery."'. " •
ECHENCK— InVthls •city, William T.-^Y.
Schenck, «m of Mary S- and the late Wf'T.
Y. -Sctcnck. - : ; ; - ; ,.;•..'
SCHLATTER— In / this -city; September'- 11,
11)04. Alois, beloved son- of -Frank and Mary
Sclilattter. and brother of - Frank. Loulea,
Joseph, Mary and. Georgia -Schlatter. a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 27 - ytars j and 1 10
. days. -...:'.
SMITH— In this : city, : September 11, 1904,
Harriet Rice Smith, .beloved wife of Arthur
A. Smith, and sister of George H. Rice, a
¦ native of . .Webster '• Mass " •'¦ ¦ ' - ' '.'¦¦
E7Nbt!ce of funeral r hereafter. :_. . -"; ¦' ¦ .'
SPENCER— In I Oakland. „ September 11 .- 1904,
Stephen B.. beloved son of William M. - and
Clara F. Spencer, as native of; California,"
aged:15 years 8 months >nd ,7. days.- ,. . •„.
TEW— InVthls -city. -'.September-. 11; :• 1904,
. Martha AJ" Tew. a native, of - Wisconsin! aged
U0. years.. ... ¦.".'¦,- ¦'-'- ',".-. v."-.y : v
VAN DENBURGH— In, Oakland, at his "resi-
dence. -1018: Adeline-- street; September-Hi
19O4.vFrancls'-Lyman,' father, of Beatrice Van
, Dtnburgh.. a native , of New -.York, .-.v....." ,,-.:
. ; CTFrferds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to ' attend ! the .funeral - services
'- Tuesdsy. morning,*; September." 13" at" 11
. o'clock, > at his Jate residence. • 10t8 'Adeline
street, Oakland. •Interment, private." ;¦•¦
WILLIAMS— r Passed away! In: 'Oakland*..' Sep-
tember 11, -190*.: Alice vH.^H.,., beloved !
daughter . of Champion and i Alice ..P. -Wil-
liams,, and sister of 'Tracy- B. - Williams ; of
Cleveland," Ohio/ a " native of ¦ Oakland; aged
- 12 . years 9 ; months < and . 18 ¦ days/. < ; ¦ ¦
WILLIAMSON— In - Oakland,: September 12,
-,! 1004. - Harriet Williamson, »: beloved mother
. ¦ ot J;- D., H. S.- and" J.-B; Holllngsworth,
' James £ Anderson , ot; Oakland and \ the ' late
Jennie Anderson,", a • native : of Indiana. ' aged
92 years. ' .... * ... ~ 1 ' r ? ,BELL. SMASHES FURNITURE. — William
Bell, a painter; went Into . the nouse of Miss
E. D. C. Oliver. 2t>9 Turk street, early yester
day morning and began to break the furniture.
She notified Policeman W. E. Dowle.. As soon
as Bell saw. Dovrle the ran out of the rear of
the house and Jumred over a fence. Dowie
pursued him i and found < him under a , hctu-j
on Joiks street. ¦ In jumping over tha fenc«
Bell dlslocaUd his ankle. He was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital and later to
the City Prison, where he .was booked on
charge* of malicious mischief and disturbing
the peaco ' ...
First. race- — Ben. Lear, Vulcaiu, Dr.
Burns. ' : ¦
" Second race— McJetta, Ethel's Pride,
Aspatla.' •
Third race—Mlndora,- Rose Court,
Crescerton. ? ¦¦ " '
Fomtli race— Agsic Le%vis, Blissful,
Glennevi9. 1^p^^^^^BS^3@g3^^&|
.Fifth race— Commotlore, Old Stone,
Braden: ;
Sixth ! 'race~-Avold, Pierce ¦ J, Flora
AVlllowshby. ;
. Condition of , the - track— Fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Football Claims Another Victim.
HARRISBURG, . Pa.. Sept. 11.—
Blaine Hoffman, aged 19 j years, re
ceived such serious . internal injurres
in a game of football near here yes
ttrday that death resulted to-day.-
First race, «lx furlongs,- selling— St. Vitus
110 Dr. Burns 107, Lacache 107. Jennie Hughes
107* Happy Jack 107, Vulcaln 105, Tangible
106* 'Extol 105, Dr. Riley 102. Topsoil 102,
Bla'ckmore 102, Ben Lear 102.
Second 'race, -nine-sixteenths of a mile, sell
in^ maidens — Sonya . 1C6, Ethel's Pride 106,
Trlxie White 101 t McJetta li)l. Bannock Bell*
101 Matera 101. Nepenthe 101, Berry Gold 00,
Fay Sharp 06, Bessie Me 96. Aapatia 00, Wake
ful 101. -
Third race, eix furlongs, selling— Crescerton
101 Rosecourt 110. D'Arcy 107, Fcronla 107,
Detest 107. Aline 8 lOt Worthington 107, Min
dora J05. Back -Number 1C2, Tribes 102, Kitty
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
puree— Olenne vis 1C4. Lady Strsthmore 101,
Blissful 101. Barklcylte 101, Aggie Lewis 00.
Fifth race, six furlong's, handicap — f^ Stone
11«, Commodore ' 114, : Vestry 104. J^sao 102,
Bradtn 04. ¦¦¦ ¦ . '¦; ' '-:*..¦-
Sixth race one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
In* pierce J* 108. Jim Crow 1C8, Flora Wil
loughby 1C7, Avoid If 5, Bengal 100. Dawsun
ICO Tryon 00, The Hebrew 00.
• ST. LOUIS, Sept. 11. — The entries
foe to-morrow's races at Delmar
track follow: .:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Wild Mint. ; ,
Fifth rnce— Bridle Path, Rosie Dln
ham, Nuit Blanche.
Sixth J race-— Brush . Up, Raiment,
Danseuse. - t
Condition. of the track— Fast.
• r.y the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Collector Jessup, Jo
cund, Major Peiham.
Second race — Royelle, Flying But
tress, Sea Gull.
Third race— Sheriff Bell, Grey Friar,
Dalesman.
'Fourth race— Woodsaw, Jack Lory,
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
CIRCUS MEV FIGHT. — Charles Carpentef
and Michael Kelly, two circus teamsters with
Rtnglln? Bros., had a vicious fight on th*
grounds yesterday morning. Kelly struck
Carpenter on the head with a brick and hurt
him with a pitchfork. Kelly escaped an 1
Carpenter was treated at the Emergency Hos
pital.
Outplay the TJjrers and Easily Cap
ture Both Games.
SEATTLE, Sept. 11. — Seattle cap
tured both games from Tacoma to
day. Lynch tried his hand In the box
in the morning and although, losing,
he pitched a good game. Overall, was
hit hard in the afternoon battle and
received rank support: Scores:
Tacoma — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Dnyl<\cf. 4 0 0 4 OJVan H.cf 5 10 2 0
P.heen.rJb 4.0 1 I 3 Moh!r.2b '.V 1 0 0 6
N'or£k.Jb 3 0 " 2 15 0:DeIhy,3b 5 0 3 1 • 1
Eagan,t» S 0 0 0 * 4;Frisk.lf .. 4 . 1 0 3 1
Lynch. p. 2 O 0 0 3 Blank.lb 4 1 18 0
Casey.2b. 3 0 10 3 Smlth.rf. 4 ' 1 10 0
Mcl*n.lf 4 113 0R.Hall.es 4 O 0 14
Grahm.c 3 0 12 0 Wilson.c 3 0 1 " 6 4
Fltzgd.rf 3 112 ljC. Hall. p 4 0 0 0 1
Totals. S3 2 7 27 14' Totals. 36 6 6 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS, j
Tacoma 0010 1000 0—2
Case Hits 1120111.0 fr— 7
Stattle O 0 0 0 0 2 0 3 0—5
Ease Hits 0 0 1 0 1 0 03 1— «
SUMMARY.
Errcrs — Dcyle, Eheeban. Eajran (2). Van
Haltren n. Hall. Struck out— <By Hall 4.
Basra on b!ii:» — Off Lynch 3, off Hall 5. Hit
by pitched ball — Mohler. Two- base hits —
Nor.lykf. McLaughlin, Smith. Three-base hit
— Fitzgerald. Eamfd runt- — Tacoma 2, Seattle
2. Sacrifice hits — Casey, Graham. First base
on errors — Taooma L Seattle 3. Double play —
Dflehanty to Mohler to Wilson. Left' on bases
— Tacoma 7. Seattle 8. Time of game — One
bour B5 minute*. Umpire — Tom Brown. I./.i-
Seattle — tZUu'.v'J —-S*-^ -^
AB. R. H. P.A.i AB. R. H. P.A.
Vn Hn.cf 3 3 3 1,0 Doy'.e.rf. 5 0 1 0 0
Mohlr,2b 3 0 13 5 Shehn.3b 5 0 1 3 U
Dhnty.Sb 5 .2 2 2. 0 Nrdke.lb 5 2 3.61
Frisk If 5 2 2 4 0 Eacan.ss 4 112 3
Bnkcp.lb 4 2 2 7 1| Lynch.cf .2 1111
Smith, rf 5 1 1 l.-0Ca»py.2b 4 0 12 1
Hall n 5 1 2 4 ... 0 McLgn.If 4 0 2 2 0
Wilson.c 5 114 ljHogan, c.4 0 0 8 2
Hughes, p 4 0 0 1 ;JM Oterali.p ¦ 4 0 1 0 1
Totals. 39 12 14 27 7v Tctais..l7 4 11 24 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle l' 0 0' 2 4 3 11 x— 12
Ba^hlt. 1 0 2 1- 6 2 11 x-14
Tacoma * 0030001 0— 4
BasVhiU 11 0 2 200 3 2-U
SUMMARY.
Errors— BlankensbJp, Sheehan. : Eagan (3).
Caaey <2). Hogan (2), Overall. Earned runs—
Seattle 6 Tacoina L' Two-base hit — lilanken
snip' Sacrifice hit* — Van Haltren, Mohler,
Lynch, Caaey. Stolen baaes — Frisk, Blanken
ship Hall. Double pray— Hogan to Sheehanl
Bases on balls— Off Hughes 1, off Overall 2.
Hit by pitched ball— Lynch." Struck out— «<y
Hughes 1. by Overall 7. Wild pitch— Overall.
Time of game — Two hours and 5 minutes. Um
pire Brown.
SIWASnES FINISH STRONGLY.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 11— Nichols pitched
both games to-day. He won the first by
superior work on the rubber. In the second
game, however, he weakened perceptibly and
was hit hard. Attendance, 11.000. The
scores: , • _.
First, game— «• «. E.
Cincinnati • \ 3 1
St Louis ¦* " 2
Batteries— Hahn and Schlel; Nichols and.
Swindells. _
Second game — • «• «• **;
Cincinnati 8 1* *
St Louis ** 8 3
Batteries— Ewlng and Schlel ; Nichols and
Grady. Umpire — Zlmmer. both games.
CHICAGO Sept. 11.— To-day's game, played
ln a dTlzzllng rain, was won by Plttaburg In
the eighth Inning, when they hit Wicker for
two singles a triple and a home run. At
tendance. 6000. Scort: . .'
¦ .i ; K. ¦ M. Xj.
Chicago I * J
Plttsburg. • :•••",: » " i
Batteries— Wicker and Kilns; Leever and
Phelps. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS. Sept. 11. — St. Louis and Detroit
broke even to-day. In the first game Mutlln
allowed St. LoUs only eight hits and struck
out five men. attendance. 16,800. Scores:
First game — x R- H. B.
St. Loula /•••¦ 1 8.2
Detroit • 2 5, 0
Batteries— Slever and Kahoe; Mullln and
Drill. '
¦ Second game — R. n. E.
Detroit » 5 1
St. Louis 7 13 2
Batteries — Stovall, ¦ Jaeger and Beville;
Howell and Eugden.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11. — The game between
Chicago and Cleveland was called* to-day after
four and a half Innings had been played on
account of rain. ... . ..
(National League.) 1 (American League.)
W. L.Pct.l W. L.Pci.
New York. . .03 S3 .738' Boston 78 43 .619
Chicago 76 51 .593 New York.. ..76 48 .613
Plttsburg ...74 50.597 Chicago 72 50.567
Cincinnati . .71 55 .564 Philadelphia.. 68 62 .567
St Louis. . . .65 «5 .500 CleTeland . . .60 54 .561
Boston 45 82.354 St. Louis 51 71.418
Brooklyn ....45 79.363 Detroit 61 71 .418
Philadelphia.. 38 90 .286 Washington. .31 95 .24ft
Detroit and St. Louis Break Even in
Double-Hcader at World's
Fair City.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
NICHOLS PITCHES TWO
GAMES AXD WINS ONE
DENTISTS HONORED. — On Saturday even-
Ins a dinner was partaken of at the St.
Francis, under the direction of many dentists
of the State, in honor of Dr. William J.
Younger of Paris. Dr. Robert Good of Chicago.
Dr. George Martin of Berlin and Dr. Mltchcn
of London! The committee of arrangements
was composed of Dr. Clyde Payne, Dr. S. E.
Knowles. Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg and Dr.
Russell Cool The music for the occasion waj
furnished by the Hawaiian Band and the weir
known members of the Bohemian Club, Fred
Greenwood. J. M. McGlnnlty, Harry Lam
berton and Harry Haight, conducted the Jinks
follovtaR the banquet.
Stolen bases — Flood. Cravath. Newton. Two
base hit — Clynes. Sacrifice hits — Raymond.
Weed. FirFt'base on errors — Portland 3. Left
on baf»s — Los Anseles 7. -Portland 3. Baeea
on balls— Off Roach 3. Struck out— By New
ton 4. by Roach 1. Double- plays — Bernard to
Smith. Raymond to Weed. Toman to Chase:
Spies to Chase to Flood to Chase. Passed ball —
Spies. Hit by pitched ball— Bernard (2). Time
of pair.e — One hour and 40 minutes. Umpire-
McDonald.
In an interesting cricket , match
played on the ground at Webster
street, ' Alameda,' yesterday, between
the Alameda and Pad tic teams, the
former won with two 'wickets to spare,
by a score of. 163 to 159. The Pacific
eleven went to the bat nrst. Lannowe ;
and Wilding made no stand, securing
only five runs between • them. Casidy
contributed a valuable 52; Bowly made
26; Langdale and Petherick 17 each.
Jamieson and Wilkes.also scored dou
ble figures and the Innings closed for
159 runs. , F. Croll took three wickets
and 'Harold Ward captured the • same
number.
Eight, of the nine members, of the
Alameda team who went to the bat
scored double figures, the highest score
being S. M.: Foster's* 29. The Pacific's
total . was J passed - when eight wickets
were down for 163 runs. Lannowe was
the most successful of the Pacific bowl
ers, capturing 5 : wJckets for 49' runs.
Casidy took 2, for 21.7 The details fol
low: • ¦. 'V ' ~ •¦»•' - '. '
PACIFIC COAST CRICKET CLUB.
B. H. M. ' Lannowe. b. Stahl....: ..^'.3
A. B. Wilding," b. F. Croll 2
H. X>. Bowly, c. Saunders, b. Foster... 26
E. H. Wllkes, run out.,..., .;.. 18
H. C. Casidy. c. McNaughton, . b. ,T. Croll.. 62
E. T. Lansdale, - run' out ; 17
W. Petherick, c.' G. Croll. b. Ward 17
F. Lcwin. o. McNaughton, b., Ward.. 1
D. Jamieson, . c. • O. Croll, b. Ward J4
J. Myers, c. and b. Croll 1
Dr. O. N. Taylor, not out....... .......... 7
3yes,6, le& by* 1 .6
Totat ..i. ...... :..!.. .;..'.... .."^.......159
'Runs' at the fall 6f e*cti wicket— One for 5,'
two for 15, three for 41, four for 68,- five for 93,
six for 120, seven for 131, eight for. 140, nlno
for 151. ten. for 150.- . ..• > , . ¦•-.•
SUMMARY OF. BOWLING.
Bowler— \ ! ' "B.~; M. . R. W.
F. J. Croll ............ 110' 4 45 3
F. Stahl 84 8 29 1
*G. H. Ward, ..130 8 -48 8
6. M. Foster 86 ¦ 3 25 1
J. H. Saunders, 18 ¦ 1 -80
.'. ;. ALAMEDA ", CRICKET. CLUB.
F. A. Stahl, .1. b. wl. b.' LannQwe.". ....... 17
W. H." McNaughton, c' "Wllkes. b. Taylor.. 4
G. Croll, c.' Myers/ b. ; Lannowo. 18
-S. M. Foster, c. Lang-dale, . b. ' Casidy 20
r. J; Croll, » c. Langdale, b. Lnnnowe. .... 21
H. Bird,., hit wicket, b. . Casidy n
G. I. Baugh, c. -Taylor, - b. Lannowe.. ....20
V. Sccbeck. ,c. "Lewln., b." Lannowe.'. ;.....i 24
G. H. Ward.- n6t out.-....; :.... 15
Byes 2. leg byes 1. wide. 1........ 4
. Total ....'..¦..................... 163
J. H.- Saunders and-W. Scott did not bat. 1
Runs at the fall or each wicket— One . for 17,
two ' for 34J' three for 44, four for 74, ¦ five I for
102, *lx for 103, seven for 130. eight for 163.
.; SUMMARY OF, BOWLING.^
' Bowler—: ' : " ' ' B. , M. R. ; w. :
Dr. O. N. Taylor... '60 .1 44- 1
D. Jamieson. ,48 - O-. 22 ¦ : 0
B. H. M, Lannowe.... 9<J , 0 . 40 5
H.D. Bowly. .......... 18 0 9' 0
E. H. WllkM-.- •*»;•> -42 ~ 1 ¦-'.' 14 0
H. C. Casidy ....;-...... 30 . r ; 0. .... 21 • 2
, Jamieson IBowledl .wide s ' . , . .
With only," one more . match, to play
for the championship of 1904 the;Ala
meda . team was placed toy yesterday's
victory* in* a highly favorable/position.
The San • Francisco . County \ team has
two more matches to play and the Pa
cifloteam^haa-one. : r ;
Alameda Eepresentatives
Defeat the Pacific Eleven
in a Well-Fought Contest
ENCINAL TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
After ten days of hard tournament
play most of'.the" tennis experts took.;a
day oft : yesterday for a needed rest.
Few matches were played on the Cali
fornia Club courts, and. even the pub
lic courts at Golden Gate Park were
not as well attended as usual.
The announcement that- the Sutton
sisters would play at the > park yester
day afternoon brought an. unusual
number of spectators • to . the courts.
They were doomed to disappointment,
however, as the Suttons decided a pub
lic exhibition on Sunday would not
meet with the approval of their father.
The spectators had' to satisfy them
selves ' with an *t impromptu ¦ doubles
match between four of the public court
experts.
R. N. Whitney and Clarence Griffin,
who defeated Charles ; Dunlap and
Charles Foley In a close five-set match
at San Rafael, lost" to their opponents.
It was in the nature of a return match,
but there was nothing at stake and the
players did not exert themselves as
they. would in a tournament: It was a
pretty match to look at, and. those who
Journeyed to the park specially to,»ee
the Suttons almost forgot the non-ap
pearance of the famous sisters.
Three of the five sets playea went to
7—5. Whitney and Griffin won the first
Bet, but their opponents took the sec
ond set without losing a game. The
fifth and deciding set. Foley and Dun
lap won rather easily. The score was
5—7, 6—0, 7—5, 5—7, 6—2.
On the California Club courts Harold
Gabriel, .one of the coming, youn£ ex
perts, took the veteran Harry Haight
Into camp." 'Gabriel is fast- developing
Into a crack and can give some of the
first class men a Vub. Gabriel won tw.o
sets, 7—5 and 6—0, and Haight took the
third set, 6-^0.
Frank Mitchell and ' Harry Butler
played a close one-set match with the
Smith brothers. The latter were, ahead
almost all th"e ' way. ' but .Mitchell arid
Butler won out, 11 — 9. . • :
Melville Long was in'goOd form, and
after lo'sing the first set won the next
two from Robert Drolla. - . \>
W. Knowlton and Edwln-Robbins
played the closest match of the day.
Robbins won all three sets., the first
two of which went to 10 — 8.
The following matches were played:
Melville Long beat Rob«rt D. Rolla. 3-6,
0-2 C-4; W. G. Knowlton was beaten by Ed
win Robbln*. 30-3, JO-S, C-3; Frank MltcheU
snd Harry Bi'-tler bent Grant and Chester
Smith 11-9: Hnrrv Gabriel beat Harry Haight,
7-5 <M) 0-0: H. E." Punnett tied Dr. Younger,
0-4 5-7: Gabriel beat W. Little. 0-2: Knowlton
beat UttK 6-4, 8-6. .
The championship tourna^nent will be
brought to a close this morning at San
Rafael, . The : challenge ¦ match between
Alfonzo Bell, the champion, and Drum
mond MacGayin; the challenger,. which
was commenced ! Saturday afternoon, j
will be completed this morning. Mac-
Gavin has two sets* 'to his '.credit and
needs but one more to win the'eham
pionship. On the other hand. Bell must
win three straight sets to retain his
title. i
The champion will undoubtedly play
better than he did on Saturday, when
he was fatigued from his long trip.
MacGavln was playing the game of his
life when the match' was postponed. If
he can play as well as he did Saturday
Bell's chances of retaining the cham
pionship are slim. Bell cannot beat the'
game MacGavln was playing, but the
latter may not do so well this morning.
If Bell gets a good start MacG&vin wilJ
have no easy time getting the set he
needs. It seems likely MacGavin. will
be the 1904 champion of the coast. .. ;
AMERICA'S FOREMOST WOMAN'TEKNM PLAYER WHOSE* WORK WITH THE
- RACKET DL'RINQ- THE CHAMnONSHIP' TOURNAMENT iAT~TH!TBA*t RA
FAEL COURTS CAPTURED ALL DEVOTEES OF THE .GAMS. . .,
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Sept 11. — The racing
scene will shift to Brighton Beach
track to-morrow. The* entries:
First race, nix furlongs — Major Pelham 116,
Collector Jessup 111. Mimosa 108, Adriutha
108 Ancestor 108, Wotan 106, Jocund 100,
Crown Prince 10ti, Tol San 103, Judy Denton
83. Duchess OUIe 93. • •
Second race, short course steeplechase —
Amur 152, Flying Buttress 149. Royelle 147.
Walter Cleary 122, Sea Gull 140, Paulaker 135,
Mineral 135. Woden 133. Moon Daisy 130.
Third race, cne and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Pulsu* 107, Dekaber 103, Grey Friar 102,
Spring 100, Rosetint 07, Sheriff Bell 95, Dales
man ua. Ostrich SS.
Fourth • race, »ix furlongs. The Produce
Stakes— Tongorder 122. Woodsaw 120. Wild
Mint 119. Bedouin 117. Jack Lory 117. Dia
mond 117 Wild Irishman 114, Amber Jaok 114.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles.
maidens— Nuit' Blanche 112, Rosie Dunham
112 Charter 112, Bridlepath 112. Chanlda 112.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs —
Metropole 104, Vldalla 104, Gllpln 104. Sweet
Pepper 103 Brush Up 103, Black Prince 102.
Charles Elliott 102. Delcanta 102, Confessor
l£ Ft! L Johnson 102. Wild Irishman 99.
Rare Music 99, Mrs. Bob 90. Eccentrical 99.
Halment 89/ Thirty-Third 97, Danseuse 95.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. ,
First race— Agnes Brennan, Sweetie,
Mad Mullah.
Second race-^-Weird, Handvice, Car
digan.
Third race— -McGee, Matador, Dela-
Koo.' .' »
Fourth race — The Lady. Miss Craw
ford, Prince SllverwinKS.
Fifth race— Havlland, Royalty, Dr.
Stephens.
Sixth rac« — Subtle, Ram's Horn,
CiRarllchter.
Condition of the track — Good.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Matador 82.
St. Blue 102, "Felipe Lugo 105. Father Tallent
105. Delagoa 107, McGee 110.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—The Lady 100.. Miss Crawford 102, Prince
Sllvcrwlnes 105, Judge HImes 120.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse
—Louisville 69. Fading Light 06, Mr. Far
nunv 96, Royalty 89, D. L. Moore 98, Firing
Line 90, Dr. Stephens 09. Paramount 101,
Payne 102. Handley Cross 103, Harney 104,
Havlland 107.
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse — Broadway
Girl 100. Cigarlighter 103, Envoy 103, Down
Patrick 103, Subtle 106, Ham's Horn 111.
Second race, steeplechase, short course — Al
legiance 125, Dominique You 125, Evander 125,
Laura K 125. Cherokee Lass 125, Martin
Brady 127, Dagmar 130, Royal Pirate 130, Car
digan'145. Nitrate 145, Handvlce 150, Creoiln
15u, Weird 160. (Martin Brady and Creolln,
Corrigan entry; Royal Pirate «nd Wlerd,
Walker entry.)
CHICAGO, Sept. 11. —The entries
for to-morrow's races' at Hawthorne
follow:
First race, six furlongs, purse—^Jehane 08,
Agnes Brennan 09, Armorer 101, Envcrlte 102,
Watermelon 103, Trompeuse 103, Singing Mas
ter 103. Julia M 103, Mad Mullah 104, Bay wood
106, Golden Mineral 106, Dragoon 103, Sweetie
111. "
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— Hawthorne race
track again takes up the running to
morrow, when its seven-day fall meet-
Ing begins, at the end of which the
gates of the Cicero track will be closed
for the season. * "
During- the meeting there are four
steeplechase racea and four stake
events to be decided. Two of the latter
are handicaps, in which Secretary Mac-
Farlane will have a chance to distin
guish himself. The first of these stakes
will be the Excelsior, for three-year
olds and upward, with $1500 added, at
one mile and a furlong, to be run on
Monday and for which a good field is
carded to start. On Thursday comes
the Fleetfoot handicap/at six furlongs,
for all ages. This also has $1500 added,
and with ten starters should have a
gross value of $2630. There are forty
eight nominations. On Saturday the
September r stakes, for three-year-olds,
at one mile, with 51500 added, will be
the attraction. This closes with forty
three nominations, and with ten start
ers should be worth $2015 net to the win
ner. Tokalon, winner of the Twentieth
century handicap at Harlem, and T. G.
Ferguson's California flyer, Bearcatch
er, are both entered in this event. On
the last day of the meeting the Fall
handicap, for two-year-olds, at seven
furlongB, with $1500 added, will be run.
HAWTHORNE^ENTRIES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Decidinjr course — George Nethercott's Poca
tflli fEmin Pasha-Little Wonder) beat W. T.
naught's Valley Pride (Rocker-Little Wonder),
20-10.
• .%
Champion stake— Pocatelli beat Tom King.
4-2; Bante beat Black Coon. 4-3; Rector beat
v £ w Home Bey. 7-5; McVey beat Pasha
Pleasant. 3-1: Valley Pride beat Fair Tralee.
4-3; l>J*t Chord beat J. E. H., 5-3; Silver
Heels t*>at Imperious, 3-2; Full Moon beat
Yours Fearless. 10-3.
Second round— Pocatelli beat Rector, 4-0:
McVey beat Bare*. 7-5; Valley Pride beat Lost
Ch^rd. 7-4; Full Moon beat Silver Heels. 5-0.
¦Third round — Pocatelli beat McVey, 16-1;
Valley Pride beat Full Moon. 14-10.
Deciding course — J. Dennis' The Referee
(imp. For Freedom-Miller's Rabble) beat E.
L. Grimm's Lucy Clair (St. Clalr-Lucille),
15-7.
Fourth round — Loretta beal Lady Menlo, 3-2;
Sampler beat Youne Johnny Rex. 9-8; Ouida.
beat Jisaonaroo, 5-1: Colored Lady ( beat. Star
Sylvanus, 7-1.'
Fifth round— Lcretta beat Sampler, 12-2;
Ouick* beat Colored Lady, 3-1.
Deciding course — W. A. Young's ' Ouida
fMose-Nellie Bawn) beat M. R. Parkinson's
Loretta (Sylvamis-Freda C). 5-3.
Class stake, second round — Aeolus beat Miss
Brummel, 5-<>; Laughing Water' beat Belfast,
5-0; Lucy Clair beat Gallant Glancer. . 6-1;
Sotala beat Sea Lion. 8-4; Royal Friend beat
Vandal, 4-0; Mark Twain beat Rose of Gold,
lo-7; Haphazard beat General Fremont, 6-5;
Carlow Boy ' beat Orsina, 8-3; The ' Referee
beat Runaway Artress. 6.0; Modesto Boy beat
Vina. 4-C; Conrcy beat Clover Blossom. 6-3;
Honest John beat Bricht Fortune,. 6-4. " - '
Third rcur.d — Aeolus beat Laughing: Water.
5-0: Lucy Clair btat Qotala, 4-2; Royal Friend
beat Mark Twain, 6-2; Carlow Boy beat Hap
hazard ;¦(/; The Referee boat Modesto Boy,
10-2: Hone-t John beat Conroy, 4-2.
Fouilh round — Lucy Clair beat Aeolus, 12-1;
Carlow Bey beat Royal Friend, .5-3; The Ref-.
erp'- l>"at Honest John, 5-1.
Fifth round— Lucy- Clair beat Carlow Boy,
S-5: The Referee a bye.
Third round — Lady Menlo : beat Liberator,
7-it; Loretta beat Heal Duchess, 6-O; Sampler
btat Butte City, 4-0; Young Johnny. Rex beat
Plcadilly, 4-2: Ouida beat John C. Heenan,
4-2; Ji«ajnaroo beat Sir WInton, 3-1; Colored
Lady a bye; Star Sylvanus beat WedRewood,
10-1.
In the open stake honors went to
Ouida. Loretta, the runner-up, had an
extra course in the final, as Ouida was
unsighted on the first hare released.
Loretta raced after It ajone, taking the
steam out of her. Loretta sold favor
ite, but after the first trial the talent
switched to Ouida. The pikers had a
hard day of it, as short ends could be
counted on the fingers of one hand. .
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, -follow: , .
Open stake, second round— Lady Menlo beat
Cuniire, 5-0; Liberator btat Torn Hooker, 3-0;
L.,retta beat Fire Brick, 5-0; Real Duchess
beat Texas B!ackl:ps. 12-8; • Sampler beat
Shadow. f>-u; 13utte City beat- Jerry Wrigtit,
7-o; 1'icadilly beat Clarice. 6-4; Youns Johnny
Rex beat Idleness. O-5; John C. Heenan beat
Farmer Girl," 3-2: Ouida beat Medley, 3-2; Sir
AVir.tcn beat Frank Dunn, tf-3: Jlgamaroo beat
Reckless ltcse, 7-2: Pepper Jack beat Jimmy
Anthony, fc-4; Colored Lady beat Rose Tree,
3-2; Star Sylvanus beat Haughty Helen, 8-1;
Wt-dgewood .beat Frlf-ky Boy. 3-1. .
Pocatelli, the great son of Emin
Pasha, defeated the best greyhounds.'in
training yesterday and won the Cham
pion stake at Ingleside Coursing Park.
Xethercott's courser is undoubtedly the
fastest dog in training at the present
time. He defeated in succession Tom
King, Rector, McVey and ValleyPrlde,
the pick of the coast greyhounds. When
he led McVey in the third round he
was heartily cheered, as he gave his
opponent but-, one point against the six
teen he had scored. In the deciding
trial the ' talent made him an over
v helming favorite over Valley Pride;
which he defeated with. ease in a trial
extending two minutes.
The running of three stakes furnished
some excellent trials. The dogs- were
evenly matched, and in many of the
races it was hard to separate the dogs
in the run up to_the hare.
The Referee defeated Lucy Clair in
the deciding course of. the class stake
after the latter had done the early
work in the course. - '
Their Fleetncss Wins Them the Last
Game Wljii Brownies.
L.OS ANGELES. Sept- 11. — Los An
geles won the last game against Port
land by the score of 3 to 2. thus split
ting even on the series. Both Roach
and Newton pitched great bal!. The
base running of the locals was supe
rior to that of the visitors. Score: ¦.
. Portland— 1 LosAnreles—
AB. R. H. P.A. . AB. R. H. P.A.
Fpencr 2b 4 0 1 1 2] Berad.cf 2 11.1 1
Hurly lb 4 0 0 0 0|Flood.2b 3 1112
Nadu cf 4 1 2 C 0 6mlth.3b 3 0 0 2 1
TV-Wai rf 3 0 0 7 0 Crvth.rf 4 1110
I'-t-rk! 8b 4 I 1 0 1 Cha*e.lb 4 0 1 12 1
rnvnes.lf 3 0 2 0 O Toman, s 4 0 0 3 0
turn*, c 3 0 0 2 4iRoea. .If 4 0 13 0
StUlmn.cl 0 0 0 O-Fple* c 4 0 0 4 2
Jtoach.p 3 0 0 0 .!|Newtn.p 2 0 10 3
Thlmn.rf_£_O_O^_0j ToulB £ 7 7 if Ii
TotsJs.30 2 ¦ C 24 10<
BUNS AND KITS BY INNINGS.
'^.Angele. 1 0 JO 0 O 0 1 x- 3
151? PI
Ila** hit* 0 2 0 2 0 0 0.1 1— «
SL'MMART.
Error*— FJo©4 <2>. Newton. Cllnes, Roach.
aron leaned uj> against tne next ball
pitched and it went to the score board
for three bags. Everybody came home,
and it was curtains with the Com
muters.
Schmidt then took the slab, and after
that the Seals kept away from the
plate. It might have been a blank all
the way for them had the smiling
pretzel shooter been officiating all the
way through. As it was, Schmidt com
pleted twenty-three innings for the
week without allowing a run.
Wheeler was rather wild at times, but
his glow ball was'a mystifier, to which
the Commuters never could get Jerry.
Dunleavy ran back and* took Hilde
brand's drive against the left field
fence with one mitt in the second
round, making a catch that has never
been surDasaed en any man's ball field.
Uncle Hank has at last decided that
Rabbit Miller is not quite rapid enough
for Western society, and the little one
was handed his honorary discharge
yesterday. Score:
OiL&and — • • Ban Francisco-^
AB. R. H. P. A. All. R. H. P. A.
Frncks.s 4 0 2 4 2 VanB.lb 5 1 1 11 1
Ganley.rf 4 0 111 Hildbd.lf 4 2 12 0
Dn'.vy.lf 4 0 0 1 OWldrn.cf 5 115 0
Schfly.2h 2 O O 3 4 M?ary.rf 4 0 0 11
Kruitr.cf 3 O 0 3 «t Irwln.Sb 3 0 111
Ftreib.lb 3 O 1 » o Andsn.2b 4 12 2 3
t>vrux.Sb 3 112 1 Gochnr.s 3 1 O O 3
Byrne*.c 3 0 O 4 1 Gorton. c. 4 O 1 r» O
Mo*km,p 1 O 1 O 1 Wheelr.p 4 1 2 O 1
f chmdt.p 100 o 2
•Graham 1 O 0 0 0 Totals .30 7 0 27 12
Totals 23 1 6 27 12
•Batted for Fchmii'.t in ninth.
KVNS AXD HITS EY ITCNIXGS.
San 'Francisco 200500 0 0 C — 7
Base hits 2 (t O 4 O 2 1 O < > — '.>
Oakland O 1 O O 0 0 O 0 0—1
Base hits 02100011 1—6
SO! MARY.
Errors — Dunlcavy. Srhlafley. Ganley. ' lilts —
Off Hcfkitnan <>. off Schmidt 3. Ptclcn bases —
Hildthrand, .Waldron. Gcrton. Thr«»e-ba*e hit
— Waldron. Two-base bit* — Devereaux. An
derson, Van Bu-rn. Sacrifice bits — Gariley,
Hyrnes. 1-^rst bat* or errors — San Francisco 2.
First bate on <:a'l«d balls — O1T Wheeler 3. off
Mwflrhren 2. off Schmidt 1. Left on bases —
San Francisco 5. Oakland 6. Struck out — By
Whceltr J. by Mosktman 1. Hit by pitcher—
VranckK. Kniiter. . HllriPbrand. Devereaux.
Schmidt. Double playe — Meany to Van Buren.
tJochnauer to Van Uurrn to Irwin. Time cf
frame— l :5o. Umpire — McCarthy.
Oakland's Great Finish.
Joe Corbett had the Commuters
backed off the boards in the morning
till the eighth round, when Kruger
lined out a clean home run to the
score board in the eighth spasm. In
the ninth the Commuters began a
great rally, batting home three runs
and all but tying up the result.
Buchanan as usual pitched grand ball,
but his Support was ragged, Deve
reaux's three tnisplays all figuring in
th» run column. The score:
Oakland — ] B.in Francisco —
AB.R.n.P..«J AH. K. H. P.A.
Frcnk,p» 4 0 1 2 4V Eur.lb 51101
Canly.rf S 1 1 2 0 Hildbd.lf 4 2 2 2 0
Dunly.lf S 0 1 2 O Waldn.cf 4 10 2 0
KrureT.c 5 2 1 4 « Meary.rf 3 12 10
fitre!h.lb 4 0 3 9 0 irwin.Sh. 4 0 1 » 1
Pevrx.Zb 4 0 0 14 Andsn,2b .10 14 1
Pvrncs.c 4 O 15 S C!ochn,» 4 0 0 0 3
McKn.ib 3 O O 2 1 Leahy.c. 3 0 0 R 1
Kuchn.p.- 4 110 1 Corbett.p 3 0 0 13
Schfly.2b 1000 0
1 Totals. G3 5 7 27 10
Totals. 33 4 0 27 llj
BU2C3 AND HI1*S BY IXNIXGS.
Ban Fttncisco © 0 «' 3 O 1 0 1 0— B
Jiasp Hits 00040102 0—7
Oakland 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 1 3 — 4
Caee HiU 0 0 0 12 10 1 4—0
SUMMARY.
Stolen bafcv — Gar.ley, Streib, Meany. Home
run — Krujrer. Errorn — Devercaux (3). Frar.cks.
Van Unren,- Cochnauer. Corbett. Three-base
hits — Vaa Buren. Hilflcbrar.d. Ganley. Sac
rlflee hits— itear.y. Corbett. First base on er
rors — San Francisco 2. Oakland 3. Flret basa
on called balls — Off Corbett .'I. Left en bases
— £an Francisco 5, Oakland 11. Struck out —
By Corbett 7. by Buchanan 3. Hit by pitcher
— Le&hy. Anderson. Wild pilch — Uuchanan.
Time of rame— One hour fifty -five minutes.
LmDire— McCarthy.
1XGEL5 FAST OS THE BASES.
Uncle and the Seals had a good day
yesterday on the baseball diamond.
They played the fame twice and nosed
the Commuters to the finish in each in
stance. They hit the ball cleverly, ran
bases like big leaguers and fielded bet
ter by far than Oakland. Scores: Morn
ing game — San Francisco 5, Oakland 4.
Afternoon game — San Francisco 7, Oak
land 1-
The afternoon game gave the Seals a
chance to show the fans how they can
wallop the leather sometimes. After
starting with a lead of a pair in the
first spasm, they resumed their batting
carnival in the fourth", and no one
etopped till five tallies had been chased
over and the game was broken up for
a fair-ye-well.
Dr. lloskiman got his, and it was
that old fatal bases on balls which put
him out of the going. After Irwin had
been retired in the fourth Anderson
waded into a curve and chopped it out
to left Held for a couple of bags. Then,
with two strikes on Gochnauer, Moski
man got erratic and passed him. Gor
ton made the second out with a fly to
Kruger.
Wheeler was there with his little old
hit to the left garden, chasing ''Wooden
Shoes" to the pan. Van Buren bit off a
two-packer down the first base line
and Gochnauer arrived. Moskiman
fitew bad again and hit Hildebrand in
the slats, creating a full house. Wal-
STANDING CF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coe« League.)
W. L.Pct. W. L.Pct.
Los Angeles. .24 1H .571 Oakland 22 26 .458
Tacoina 24 19 -5tS San Fran 21 25.457
Seattle 23 22 .511*. Portland 20 25.4*4
Premiums for most red flags — August Pap«
11. A. C. Gehret 8. D. B. Faktor 8. F. P.
Schuster S, A. Strecker 7. Herman Huber 7.
Golden Gate Rllle and Pistol Club, public
pistol contest— F. V. Kimton 10O, G. Frahm
»7, A. Haynke 8«, J. R. Trego 84, P. A.
Becker 01. M. J. White 91. Dr. Smith 00. W.
C. Prichard DO. Charles Becker 80. W. Burk
holder St>, Chris Meyer . SS. M. F. Blasse 87.
Max Kolander 85. A. Samman 84. W. F. Blasse
83. A. Goodburn 82. C. A. Merrill 80, Ben
Jcnas 79. E. Summerville - 78, J. A. Mc-
Donald 75. A. L. Ott 71. T. J. Carroll 69. H.
Grupe. 67, C. M. Henderson 61.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot : Re-entry match, rifle — W. F.
lUasae 222, 221, 217. 214. 212: C. M. Hender
son. 2X4; Max Kolander. 215. 212; M. F. Blasse,
212. SOU; G. Maxwell, 210. 207. Silver medals —
E. Englander. 184. -
Germania Schuetzen' Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class — 1>. B. Faktor
224, A. C. Gehret 224. Second champion class —
W. F. Blasse 212. 210. First class— W. H.
Burkholder 212. Second class — Max Kolander
204. Third class^ — D. Huntemann- 217. Best
nrst shot— D. B, Faktor 23. Best last shot—
A. C. Oehret 21. ¦ '*_ f ' ,
Company A, Veteran Reserve, National
Guard of California, weekly competition — J.
Donovsn 47,- B. M. Sherburne 35, T. E. Covey
89. Sergeant W. B. Wallace 38, J. H. Taylor
41, Corporal W. Duesler 42, Lieutenant J. C.
Darnell 30. C. H. Chalmers 31. E. G. Carr 24.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— F.
Schohay 47. H. Kufalke 47.^ Captain H.
Schllchtraann 47. C. Schilling 50. J. Schlicht
mann 41. Serareant B. Hllken 54, W. Gaetjen
27 Sergeant C. Schneider 42, E. Marzolf 12,
C ' Herring 44, Corporal H. Marzolt 63, Ser
geant C. Andrews Utf, Corporal. P. Peterson 36,
Sergeant M. Moennlngr 21, J. H. Relmera 37,
Captain L. Schneider 32.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shoot— R* C. Holmquist 6H. O. Poul
sen 7 C. Otten 24, R. Mitchell 30, H. Skinner
33 W. Thompson 35%, W. A. Peterson 38. F.
O.' SchUllerts 41, G. Hughes 44. C. Hus-nberg
45. R S. Wtxson 47. W. A. Siebe 50. H.
Wlndmuller 5». L. R. Murphy 59. B. Schul
lerts U0 W. Crocker 60, H. Wobbler 63%, M.
Lytjen 04. F. Kester 64%. H. P. Nelson «»,
W Guild 77 B. F. Trout 77, J. Cobby SO,
H"w. Klelnenbroich 80. Dr. L. V. Frates 81.
E." J. Farley 83. H. Kllnkner 87. W. Paul
son 81 !i.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. most point*
—David Salft*ld 431, A. Pape 423, A. C. Gehret
41V, D. B.' Faktor 265. George H. Bahrs 197,
Charles Thlerbach 167. A. Strecker 164.
First 100 points were made In the following
order: Max Kolander, L\ B. Faktor, David
Salfield, August Pape, Charles Thierbach,
George H. Bahrs. A. C. Gehret. J. D. Heise.
Herman Huber. F. P. Schuster.
In the medal contest of the Germania
Schuetzen Club A. C. Gehret and D. B.
Faktor broke even with the good scores
of 224 rings each.
J. Donovan of the Veteran Reserve
distinguished himself and did honor to
the vets by rolling up 47 points out of a
possible iiO, showing the old boys are
still in the game. Following are the
scores:
In the prize pistol contest of the Gold
en Gate Club F. V. Kington scored 100
rings, being the possible, and carried
off the handsome bronze statue given
by Captain L». Siebe. He was closely
followed by G. Frahm, with 97 rings to
his credit. . •
August Pape made the excellent score
of 11 red flags on his thirty-shot ticket
and carried off the premium for this
event;
Shell Mound Park was crowded yes
terday with marksmen. The day was
an ideal one for rifle shooting, as the
light was soft, with just enough wind
blowing to carry off the powder smoke.
There were two big events on the cards,
the forty-sixth annual public prize com
petition of the San Francisco Schuetzen
Verefn and the open-for-all pistol
match of the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club. In addition the veterans
of Company A, National Guard of Cal
ifornia, the Germania Shooting Com
pany and the Independent Rifles
brought out a large contingent for their
regular monthly shoots.
In the point shooting of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein David Sal
field carried off the honors, scoring 431.
He was followed by A. Pape with 423.
Max Kolander was the man to win the
prize for scoring the first 100 points. It
took him Just one hour, during which
he fired 120 shots.
Motor pursuit race — Frank Carroll caught A.
Tan (re and C. Larsen in seven miles. Time.
10:25.
Five-mile championship, six starters— Won
by J. R. Berryessa, Garden City Wheelmen:
A.. Tmnt. second: Cecil Nelson, third. Ttm«
by miles. 2:45. 5:45. 8:51. 12:09. 15:55.
. Five-mile raced race — Won by W. C. Waible.
G. C. W.; C. Loner. B. C. W.. second. Tlm«
by miles. 2:12. 4:27. 6:52. 9:12, 11:27.
Ten-mile relay-race — Won by Bay City
Wheelmen; team — A. T. Sllva. J. P. Simmons.
Charles Lone. Walter de Mara and F. II.
McLaughlln. Time, 27:00. Oakland Wheel
men second. New Century Wheelmen third, i
Three-mile motor race — Won by Ltncola
Beachy. Motor Cycle Club: Frank Carroll sec
ond. Time by miles. 1:27, 2:45, 4:07.
Five-mile motor race — Won by Frank Car
roll. Time by miles. 1:23, 2:43. 4:04. 5:24.
7:21.
Two-mile handicap. 28 starters — "Won by
C. R. Mfishan (scratch) of Reno Wheelman.
Charles Bercner (70 yards) second, Ray N'eff
(SO yards V third. Time, 4:45. »
Five-mile tandem — Won by W. de Mara and
H. L. Newsom. B. C. W. ; W. Stemxnan an. I
Leslie Randall. O. O. V7.. second. Tlm». 12:45.
The two-mile handicap was the most
spectacular race of the day. It was
the only one in which there was a bad
looking fall. Some rider went down
on the first turn of the second mile. A
number of others who could not dodgo
the prostrate rider were also thrown.
A number of them lost some cuticle,
but no bones were broken. Mershon of
Reno worked his way into a good posi
tion and when sprinting commenced
he was ln the front and had a clear
track. He won by half a wheel's
length.
The motor races attracted small
fields and the competition was not
keen. Frank Carroll won the most ex
citing of these races. Three men were
started a third of & mile apart. Caf
toII overtook the second of his op
ponents after traveling seven miles.
The dull weather had a depressing
effect on both the attendance and the
competition. The average time was
slow. The resuUs in detail:
Half-mile championship — "Won by Walt*r
de Mara, B. C. W. ;.R. Williamson. O. W..
second: F. Rlgro, O. O. W.. . third. Time,
1:32 2-3.
Mile championship — First heat won by W. C.
"Walble. O. C. W.. ln 2:13 1-5; second he»t by
F. H. McLaughlin. B. C. W., In 2:45; third
heat and race won by F. H. McLaughlin,
<B. C. W.). H. McWhlter (N. C. W.) *?eond.
W. C. Waible (G. C. W.) third. Time. 2:45.
The five mile championship was run
under navel conditions. There were six
starters and it was agreed the last man
over the tape in each heat would with
draw. This would leave two In to
fight out the last mile. The end of the
third mile, however, developed a dead
heat and all remained In. The race
was won ultimately by J. R. Berryessi.
of San Jose. . -'•;<.' :-»"¦
The riders sporting the Maltes* cross
of the Bay City Wheelmen carried off
the lion's share of the honors yester
day at Ingleaide race track. Tha occa
sion was tha closing day of tha meet
ins promoted by the California Asso
ciated Cyclists.
The Bay City Wheelmen's team vron
the relay race; Walter de ilara of 'the
same club won the half mile champion.*
ship; F. H. McLaughiln won the mile
championship,, and Walter de Mara and
H. I* Newsom won the five mile tan
dem race.
Of the other events C. R. Mershon
of Reno won the two- mile handicap
from scratch; J. R. Berryessa of the
Garden City cyclers won the five mil*»
championship, and W. C. Waible of the
same club won the five mile paced
event.
The surprise of the day was the de
feat of Waible, the crack rider from
San Jose, by F. H. McLaughlin in the
mile championship. Waible had one
heat to his credit, but McLaughlin took
the next two and .the race. In each
race McLaughlin Jumped into the lead
when the final sprint began and stalled
off the. desperate challenges of his com
petitors. • . .y
Oakland Makes a Great Bally
in Last Two Innings on
Home Grounds in Morning
The Eeferee and Ouida Are
Returned Winners in the
Eunning at Ingleside Park
Satteld Takes Schuetzen
Verein Prize and Kington
Is Golden Gate's High Man
Is Entered With Bearcatcher
and Other Flyers in the
Eich September Stakes
Takes Mile Cycling Cham
pionship From Waible, the
Garden City Cyclers' Star
HONORS FOE M'LAUGHLIN
T0KAL0N MAY START
MEDICAL MAN HIT HAED
THREE EVENTS DECIDED
TWO DEPOETANT EVENTS
Seals Gallop Away From the
Commuters and Stow Both
Contests Away Cleverly
Sharpshooters Crowd Shell
Mound Eanges and Boll
Up Several Good Scores
Eiders Sporting the Emblem
of th,e Bay City Wheel
men Win at Ingleside
Valuable Stakes Are Up for
Decision at Last Meeting
of Year afr Cicero Course
Nethercott's Fleet Courser
Defeats the Fastest Dogs
Now in Training Here
ONCLE CLIMBS
UP TWO RUNGS
STAKE HONORS
FOR POCATELLI
CLASSY HORSES
FOR HAWTHORNE
MALTESE CROSS
TO THE FRONT
WEATHER SUITS
THE MARKSMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1904:
POCATELLI OUTSTRIPS ALL COMPETITORS ON INGLESIDE SWARD
Drummond MacGavin Has a Strong .Lead
Over Alfonso Bell, Holder of Champion
ship, and Exciting Play Is Expected To-bay
TENNIS MEN TO MEET
IN A DECISIVE MATCH
WILL ERECT TABLET.— The Society of
Pioneer Daughters will erect, a brass: tablet
in " front -ol- tits 8equoia Glgantea, ¦¦ planted by
thom In 'Inlden Gate Park last January. The
Inscription will be " "laughters of Pioneers.
Sequoia Ui^antea. . January, 1904." The. cere
mony will take place some time la October.
Cameras, photographic supplies, print-
Ins and developing at lowest prices. San
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. , •
11
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
There Is a Standard \
tfff";^l of- Otialitv ¦ * •" ¦<
k j ?3v.^S which, when hon»st!y
S 1 ; ilyKrvl * lmed ** ty true masters
2- wiy/vi ct the art> caa *"* reache °
*j5 SjlrW^ ln the P ro «ss of brewing
* ' *^^3 * nd matarln *- -Aad tha
"fl is^^^S ¦ t ™ n * tn — neavy. medium
t K5iSi)i^^4 or light — Is ' a matter of
*5 rar^i^sil'i ¦klllful adjustmant.
' Jw®bL. Dl A T"7
I^B^S RFFR ;
I^IS DLLIi
mWM^^^A MILWAUKEE
Wat y^KX^^ Btrfltti tits Hspjlett-
ftllK >/ 8Uad*r4 Aclt5r»b!s
nSrtZ-\\ I k. Ml t. rT\ \C3 n% ¦ 11 t. % 1 . .'
/^fe^^lBlalz Malt-Vmne
«Nen-lntox.) Tor.Tc.
W^^ IAL HliTZ BHEW, Ca '.
.MILWAUKEE ,
Bg^^^rJ^J^M m 8A1X BZSO ' ti CO^
212 Battery St.,
TeL Mala 8859. San Trandico.
jtfj«€%8s£»&&*tll MHHA?iDWOMS?f.
<«S^t5^S^J Cm BU O for nna«tcr»i
£«VVto 1 la • 4»y»?u3 dit<-hmr«BS.ian»aixaatl»B*.
jS&jf Ouiu«*T H irritation* or uleer»tlon»
K*l»>f n»i i* «trt«tart. of macoas mombrsn**,
p— <ii rr.Mats r«ai»»iMi. p»ln'.«»i, nod aot aitruf
fJ^lTHEEiAaSt^lLVXALCo. g»at or poisonoue.
ILsaJ* JlS10Ja!UTl,B55Si ***** by Dr«»*1sta,
>(Mj5?k. (,. ».A. 3*T^ or s«nt la pUIn wra-jpoTi
TNffitaMK^ •i.00.orSb«tU«a«3.7S.
, K circnl*/ $ni ea navastiLoses Valuable Jewels. >
• J..B. Castro, who is • staying at the
Occidental' Hotel, reported to the police
W. A. ; Fisher, County! Clerk of Te
hama 'County, was robbed of a dia
mond stud, valued at $225. near the
Chutes ¦ last night- He . was on a Mc-
Allister-street car, in company with a
friend, and felt a man extract the
stud. .: Fisher held ¦„ the ¦ fellow, - but- he
passed ; the Jewel • to : a pal, who made
his 7 escape." Fisher turned his man
over to the police, who recognized him
as an old offender. He" gave. the name
of Joe Williams.'
Robbed of Diamond Stud.
The arts of diplomacy may be called
into play to avert international com
plications between Germany and the
United States in connection with the
arrest of a sailor on board of the
German ship Hathor, lying at Union
street wharf.
The sailor, Oscar- Beine, was in a
saloon; it is alleged, at 1 Vallejo
street about 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. He quarreled with Charles
Schmidt, the bartender, and threw a
heavy beer glass at SdhmidL The
glass hit Schmidt on. the head,
inflicting a wound . two Inches long.
Schmidt was taken to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where the wound
was stitched and dressed.
Beine, after leaving the saloon,
went on board ship. Acting Lieuten
ant Cook at the Harbor station in
structed Sergeant Ellis to board the
ship and arrest Beine, as he had com
mitted a felony. Ellis took with him
Policemen Becker, Hightower and
Morris.
When the policemen reached the
wharf the watchman told them that
the captain of the Hathor and First
Officer Miller were 'on shore. While
they were talking Miller appeared and
Ellis explained to him what they
wanted. Miller replied that they
could not • get aboard the ship till 8
o'clock in the morninsr. Ellis tele
phoned to Cook, who ordered him to
board the vessel at once and arrest
Beine.
Ellis and his men went on board,
and after knocking on the cabin door
for about five minutes, Miller opened
it and ordered the police to leave the
ship. Ellis refused and told his men
to search the forecastle- for- Beine.
Miller ordered the crew to haul in the
gangplank, and turning to Ellis, said:
"This is a German ship, flying the
German flag, and no one can take a
man off -without a written order from
the German Consul. I will pull in the
gangplank and 1 keep you on board."
Ellis replied that he could pull in
the gangplank ; if he felt that way,
but if Beine were found he would be
taken ashore as a prisoner. . Beine
was discovered in the forecastle and
placed under arrest. . Miller . con
versed with 'Beine in German and then
said to Ellis: "You can- take him
ashore, but I will report you t© the
German Consul.'' ". - .
Beine was taken to the City Prison
and booked on - a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. He denies that
he was in the saloon at : 1 Vallejo
street and asserts that he returned to
the vessel about midnight.
Refuses to Permit Search
for Oscar Beine, a Sailor,
Wanted on Felony Charge
SHIP'S OFFICER
DEFIES POLICE
The fortieth anniversary of the or
ganization of the Central Methodist
Church ' ,was celebrated - last, evening.
William Abbott," one ' of the $ first : mem
bers, presided, : and special • music ' was
furnished ¦ under the leadership of Pro
fessor. Elkert. Brief . addresses 5 were'
made by Mrs. J.;N. Knowlan,,Mrs.iS.
Ward, E. E. 1 . Kelly and J. E. White. :;
Central Church Anniversary.
The- Edward Knowles ; Company are making
some very swell booklets. 24 Second street.*
. To high-heeled shoes Mrs. L. W.
Lewis of 252 Turk* street, attributes
her misfortune in breaking the bone
of her left leg yesterday forenoon.
Mrs. Lewis and some
were leaving the Si/lro baths after en-
Joying a'cold salt water plunge. When
descending the steps the abnormal
height of the 1 heels of her shoes top
pled her, over, with the result: that she
was conveyed to the Park Hospital,
where the broken bone was set by
Dr. O. S. Kuclch.
Hlgh-Hceled Shoes Her Undoing.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism aad neuralgia,
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co..* 4M Ctajr.*
Burnett'* ¦ Kx tract : . of Vanlll» la \ tb«
•tandard everywhere. "• ' Sold by best grocers.',' •
BREAK ; INTO STATIONERY; STORE.— Th«
¦tatlonery • store ; of > W. -: Sherman." 488 • Eighth
¦treet. was entered by burglars late Saturday
night. They forced , open ¦ the front ¦ door. • « A
quantity of clsars. boxes of chewing gum and
two harmonicas were stolen.'. The , cash drawer
bod been * broken ' open In ' search ' of ' coin, : but
none was round. ¦, Tb» police were notified. ' "...
'. Ringling'a big circus arrived in' town
yesterday, and there" was great" hustling
and \bustling\ v The 'crowd ' at :;.the depot
cheered wildly and • the • small ; boy • was
in his element. From the way in" which
the residents of the* city welcomed", the
sHow It would : appear that the attract
tion will be patronized even better than
at-former. visits. :¦ ~_- -' ,'.<
The big free street .. parade will start
this morning - at " 9 : 30 o'clock *¦ from the
show grounds, Eleventh and Market
streets." From v, there - It ' wlir turn r into
Howard : street^ ~ ; to"; Second; ( thence .to
Market,.: to r Montgomery, ".to -.California,
thenceto Kearny,' back to -Market and
out to ; the show? grounds . again." . This
, will be the only * street • parade • to be
given and " will ,be .well .worth" seeing. ' . .:
Big Free Parade Will Start - From
Show Grounds This .Morning ; ,
at 9:30 O'clock.'
The police are industriously searching
for the rest of the card sharps and
hope soon to land them behind the
bars. They have received other com
plaints from people who were victim
ized by the card sharp gang, but re
fuse to make them public.
It is rumored around the Hall of Jus
tice that Joe King will be cited to ap
pear before the Police Commission to
show cause why his liquor license
should not be revoked, and that the
commission will investigate the playing
of poker in the hotels about town.
Quallo and Kenworth have been posi
tively identified by King. Ryan and
Taylor are now searching for the other
members of the gang. It is said that
a miner named Steele from Tonopah
was also induced to Join the game and
dropped $1000 before he concluded that
it was too one-sided for him.
Kenworth was arrested on Saturday
night at the -New Western Hotel by
Detectives Ryan and Taylor. Quallo
was found yesterday morning in his
wife's rooms at 17 Third street by the
same officers. His wife is a profes
sional fortune teller and clairvoyant.
The police say that Quallo was the
leader of the gang and may. have re
ceived the information from his wife
that King was a likely subject i for
fleecing. Kenworth and three others
who took part in the games came from
Tonopah, Nevada, It is supposed at
Quallc's suggestion, j
Two of the men who relieved "Joe"
King, proprietor of the New Western
Hotel, of $4000 by means of marked
cards at a series of poker games are in
"the tanks" at the City Prison. They
will be charged* with grand larceny by
trick and device, and the marked cards
will be booked as evidence against
them. They are J. C. Kenworth, known
as "Colonel," and R. H. Quallo, known
as "Count."
Members of the Gang That
Fleeced Joseph King Are
Locked Up. in City Prison
Letter From State Central
Committee Advises Prompt
• Action by Party headers
The. money market interests a man
almost as much as the market money
interests a woman.
Held Up and Beaten.
William Sheehan, a tanner, 248 Con
necticut street, was held up, beaten
and robbed by a band of thugs at Con
necticut and Eighteenth ¦ streets late
last night. He says he lost a small
amount of money and a gold watch
and chain. He was treated at the
Emergency Hospital for several bad
lacerations of the scalp.
From this time until September 28
the Republican State Central Commit
tee and the county committees of the
party throughout California will devote
Xhelr chief energies to the work of se
curing a full registration of voters. Un
der the law every voter must register
anew this year. The office of the Reg
istrar of Voters Is open at the City
Hall from S:SO o'clock a. m. to 5 o'clock
p. m. • y**~ '•'- '''''^/'¦"--¦¦'¦'k :l-:-'-:\\
Advices come from many of the in
terior counties that the enrollment , $f
voters on the Great Register is far short
of what it should be. The State Cen
tral Committee, perceiving the danger
VOTERS URGED
TO REGISTER
TWO BUNKO MEN
ARE CAPTURED
in further delay, has addressed the fol
lowing letter to every county commit
tee In the State:
PALACE HOTEL,
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 11, 1904.
TV) Member* of Republican Committee*—
Gentlemen: This committee. Is advised that
registration in your county is lax.
It it absolutely necessary that all Republi
cans should register, and we earnestly appeal
to you to see that the name of very Republi
can In your county appears on the new Great
Register.
Will you not try acd enlist the services of
e\'ery loyal Republican in your vicinity to as
eist you in this important work?
If every man will do his duty we can carry
California by an unprecedented majority for
Roosevelt, our Congressman and members of
the Legislature.
Only TWO WEEKS MORE remain for regis
tration. - ,
Registration closes September 2S, 190t.
Very sincerely,
GEORGE STONE. Chairman.
E. F. WOODWARD, Secretary.
Every woman considers herself the
grand prize in a matrimonial lottery.
last night that he had lost a hand bag
containing: several pieces of valuable
Jewelry and $150 in cash. Castro and
his wife were at ths park yesterday
and the ba? was left on a bench. The
jewelry Is valued at $500.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
Index cards, flllns cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all modern systems In our
stationery department. Printing; and
bookblndnlff at lowest prices. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
A carload of trunks and dress suit
cases Just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. If you are In need of 'a
trunk, valise, dress suit case, wrist bag
or anything in -the leather goods line,
come and see the largest assortment and
lowest prices in the city. ' Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
A Carload of Trunks.
..SAN JOSE. Sept 11. — Professor
Charles H. Allen, Assistant Postmaster
of San Jose, and one of the best
known educators on the Pacific Coast,
died here early this afternoon after
an illness of several weeks. He was
born in Wisconsin seventy-six years
ago. In 1872 he was appointed presi
dent-of the State Normal School, a
position he occupied for. eighteen
years. He leaves a widow, three
daughters and a son.
WELL-KNOWN
EDUCATOR IS
CALLED TO REST
James H. Garrick, watchman on
the wrecker Catalina. which lies in
the bay:at South • San Francisco, off
Krohnln's shipyard, was drowned
early yesterday morning. He and a
friend, John Lynch, were drinking on
shore till late Saturday night. They
took a . small skiff from the shipyard
and rowed to the wrecker to get a
book that Garrick wanted.
On their return the skiff struck
against a breakwater and began to fill
with water. Garrick ' called out to
Lynch: "The boat is sinking; swim
for your life." Both Jumped into the
bay and Lynch, after swimming nearly
a quarter of a mile, reached the
shore exhausted. As quickly as pos
sible he raised , an alarm and several
residents in the neighborhood put off
in boats }n search ; of Garrick. The
body was not discovered x till day
break. It was lying in the mud off
Watt's Point, about a quarter of a
mile from where the skiff struck the
breakwater. Garrick had apparently
struck out in the wrong direction and
swam until he . got entangled in the
mud. The body was towed ashore.
i The Morgue was notified and the
body removed there by Deputy Coro
ner Meehan. Garrick was a married
man and lived "at 212% Perry street.
He was on -board the steamer Pro
greso when the explosion took place
about three years ago, .while she was
lying at- the Fulton Iron Works. He
lost his right eye at that time.
emeus comes to to wx ; .
AND SMALli BOY • IS [ HAPPY
If the amusement seeking public is
anxious j to enjoy a juvenile perform
ance the opportunity is, afforded It this
week at the Grand. Opera-house, where
the musical extravagansa, "Princess
Fan Tan," opened yesterday with
the unqualified / approbation of two
very enthusiastic audiences. The
production .is an Interesting . ? one,
the scenery and costumes be
ing very picturesque and elaborate and
the cast of children "is 'decidedly, the
best. The lyrics are bright and catchy
and the dialogue is profuse with clever
witticisms/ Eunice ¦ Gilman makes j a
great j hit in the title roleJ I The little
miss sings and dances herself into the
good graces of the audience and is lav
ishly rewarded In the way ; of applause
and encores. . Marie Nichols is also
very fetching in Prince Co , Co and a
pleasing, feature of the performance.
The ballets, "The Feast of the Chrys
anthemums," "Love's .. Triumph" and
the "Early Day* , ' of California" i are
also deserving of praise, for the host
of children who dance them exhibit a
degree of grace, precision ; and • agility
that would do credit to " their elders.
A . marvel in .Terpslchorean way is
little Jasmine Sldlowski; whose feats
of .toe dancing; are I very -creditable" to
one of her, years. ¦ One is - readily im
pressed with the- freshness of the chil
dren's voices, , which, are. heard to j par
ticular advantage. In the choruses.
• ¦ v • . A •
' The Orpheum last night played to Its
usual crowded house. The best of; the
new . sketches is "The \ Sailor and the
Horse.',' in which Harry LaRose and
"Will Halliday shine, but 'the new fea
tures are not brilliant. /
Leo Carrillo, who made his debut last
night under favorable circumstances,
pleased the large audience with his
imitations and showed a great .deal of
repose. His work suffers, however, by
the poor sketch in which it is served
up. His encore story was the cleverest
and might be used among his intro
ductory jokes with better result. Mar
ion Bent and Pat.-Rboney showed to
advantage in some graceful dancing.
Miss Bent was winsome and pleasing
and Rooney is an expert clog dancer.
The remainder of the new bill is only
fair, but the leftovers from last' week
are all good. ,.'..'
There is enough good in the play
to make something worth while. One
wonders whether the . author-angel,
Guimera, did it. all. ; Some of those
lines were specially written for Flor
ence-Roberts — that is evident. The
star is lust as tumultuous - and con
vincing in the fallen woman as of old.
The tale is of a tyrannical Spanish
landlord, who has among : his vassals a
girl, Marta. ¦ To conceal his passion he
secures a husband of convenience for
her, Manellch, a goatherd from the
hills. 'Marta and the husband rebel and
go back to the hills after Manelich has
strangled Sebastian in approved Zola
esque fashion in the presence of Marta.
Beautiful as bits ..of • the "Sunken
Bell" are some; of the lines given to
Manelich. "I prayed for a good wife.
One day I whirled my sling about my
head, and the rock fell into the low
lands. I; knew then she would come
from . the lowlands." . . x
If there is such a thing as a child
actress, . Ollie • Cooper was one last
night. She was the "chee-ild" in
'"Zaza" in the Alcazar days. Then she
was a little automaton with a black
smith's voice. But last night she was
remarkable. ¦ •
The star was the star of "Saphb"
and "Zaza." Marta gave the same
whine emitted , by' the other/ two,
"I am not wholly dead." Florence
Roberts . can do that well. It caught
the gallery at the California as it did
the uDper:circle.at the Alcazar. .
' Marta received the beating — was
hurled to • the ground j by both her
good and her bad lover. All Roberts'
heroines are beaten. "Strike me,"
she implores, even as did Sapho, Zaza
and Carmen. . .
"Sapho" is a tract and "Zaza". a
sermon compared to- "Marta: of -the
Lowlands." It is. the climax. of Rob
erts-Nethersoleism.
?There is no disrobing act, no enter
ing of bedroom, but the intimations
are as clear and artistic as a bit 'of
thp Decameron.. The husband of con
venience and -the hurling to , the
ground business, which was also in
"Sapho" and VZaza," should have been
enough. Miss Roberts' clientele,
who must have a fallen woman, would
have been satisfied with*those. "Marta
of the Lowlands" gave them more
than' enough. ..-. •
Part of that first scene — those who
were there, knqw what part— was sug
gestive of some pages from the paper
covered' books that Uncle Sam's mail
refuses to handle. *A scenes in an
open-air: bridal chamber — -that aeema
a trifle more than risaue. \
Bits of .the play were strong, bits of It
were pretty, and bits of it bordered on
the ; melodramatic. \ Lucieh Henderson's
"So you were going to runaway, eh?"
brought back fond memories;of Legree
in "Uncle Tom's. Cabin."
Hobart Bosworth as the goatherd who
had { been picked ' for the husband of
convenience. made the house listen and
look at all times. His simple, giant im
personation i was a little too simple at
first, but'afterward it was wonderful. •
Orpheum Has Some Win
ners, One Being Leo Car
rillo, Who Makes* -Good
Former in Darkness Swims
in the Wrong Direction
and Death Is the Result
LATTER REACHES SHORE
A EEAL CHILD ACTRESS
Florence Roberts' New Play
Otit-Saplio's Zaza; and
Is Close -to Border Line
Jas. H. Garrick, "Watcliman
of Catalina, and Friend
Jump From Sinking Boat
MARTA VERGES
ON THE RISQUE
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN MUD OF BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO; , CALL. : MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1904.
12
jilARKS BROS. ;
I The Last Clearance 1
I Sale of the Season §
I WOMEN'S j
I PERCALE I
WRAPPERSl
\~CHfLDSiLW~s\
I COLORED I
1 DRESSES • I
g Broken Lots. But Plenty of Them H
i ALL SIZES- ALL COLORS. R
I WOMEN'S PERCALE 1
I " v WRAPPERS 1
B SPECIALLY GROUPED IN THREE |
I LOTS FOR TO-DAYS BIG SELLING B
§ Lot 1— -69c 1!
B In this Lot You'll Find SPLENDID P
M WEARING WRAPPERS that sold as g
S high as $1.25. . S
t Lot 2-^— 85c 1
H Here's a Beautiful Lot of WRAP- m
| PERS that Have Sold up to $1.50. |
I Lot 3— $1.08 li
n Here's a Lot. of WRAPPERS That ¦!
M CAN' T BE BE A T— Formerly Sold up H !
Kto SJ.90. " If
H These Wrappers Are Made of a H
H Heavy Quality of Percale in Never- m
N Fade Colors- Cut EXTRA FULL and |
En Wide; Deep Flounce; Fitted Vest Lin- H
g ing and EXTRA FULL SLEEVES. g
I Children's Dresses 1
M Every Dress in the House Included I
0 m this SALE. Your choice of tn
t}Lot 1-^^79 c I
Eg In 'this Lot You'll Find GiNGHAM g j
1 DRESSES that sold up to $ 1. 19. W
Lot2^—$l.f9m
In this lot you'll find Gingham and §
Chambray Dresses that sold up to B
$2.25;Y ) -;\ I
Don't Let To-Day Pass or M
¦You'll Miss the BANNER |
BARGAINS • of the . Season. |
MARKSBROSl
, The Home ef Honest Values H
1220-J224 MARKET ST. I
0OIDBERQ
BdWEN
All this month Si case off
on Vista del Valle wines.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table! Butter-2 lb square 65
Swis$. Che'ese-Jmported 25
Finest quality, reg ly 35c lb
New Teas-An flairs ? 40
retiyfiOcfb,, 21b7 f
Kona Coffee-Reg'iy 25c ib 2(
Sardines-BoneiMs 27^'
La' DUne, reg'ly 30c Ige can 2.S.
MolaSSeS-Ncw Orleans bl
Old fashtoned rez'ly 75c gal can
Pineapple-Grated' • 2c
Booth's reg'ly 25c 2 lb <z.n
. Pork arid Beans-Oncida2ib2for2
Plain and tomato sauce,
regly 15c, 20c can 31b 3 for. 5»
Mackerel in Oil-French 30
recTy40c!gecan,D.&G.
Potted Beef-F. a. 10
For sandwiches, reg'ly 15c can
Mayonaise Dressing' 25
Sierra Madre, regly 80c bot ¦
Horseradish Mustard .#««$.¦;
Fcr befled meats, rtgly 15c bot
Lard-Sea F«aa Sib 35, 5 Ik 55
rtgijr 43c, esc, $1.25 pall 101b 1.00
TomatoeSTVacunm Jar 20
Solid jacked, reg'lv 25c qt jar -
Cherries in Marasquin 45
Durand, Freacn, reg'ly ouc qt ' t
. BO WEN
X CD
German Cologne-Sq wicker bot 45
Johann Maria Farina reg'ly 55c
Cognac-F. o. p. 1.15
Hennessy, our bottling, 4.50
reg'ly 11.50 bot, >6 gal
Whisky-Buii Dog 1.00
Rye or Bourbon, reg'ly $1.25 full qt
Burglindy-Mt Vineyard 65
Dilute one third, reg'ly $ 1 gal
Scotch Wh is ky-D. c. l. 1.00
Caledonian, reg'ly |1.35 bot
Port-California 30
reg'ly 40c bot, fl.50 gal 1,10
Sherry-California 35
regly 50c bot, Jl.50 gal 1.15
Gin-Dry-Old Tom 85
Distillers' Co. Ltd, reg'ly $1.00 bot
Hair Brushes-Loonen s o 95
Solid back, reg'ly $1.15, $1.45 1.15
Comb-8'lnch 25
Rubber, warranted, reg'ly S5c
Nail BrUSh-Reg'ry 25c 20
GIothes^Basket 1.35
Rattan, reg'Jy $1.75
PORCELAIN AND 'CRYSTAL
REFRIGERATORS
For safe, economical and
health f u 1 preservation of
food.
Catalogue with cuts, free.
AD VEltTlSl-aLEyrs.
I! . >^> reMOVA L oHLIj
li * It b impossible to estimate the advantages this sale affords without
I] full knowledge of our unapproachable varieties, styles and values. We
|| : • ' want you to realize the strength of this extraordinary opportunity to pro-
I j cure the standard quality of furnishings at prices you'll pay for the most
ordinary kind. We are certain that our great stocks of
' SPECIAL ° gURNlTURE, CARPETS, * c --„,., '
...arcuAb... ...SPECIAL...
oo^I^, o» DRAPERIES, WALL PAPERS roxbuky Brussels
tains. la three very , .,,„¦-;; RUGi
•d»sirabi« patterns. 3»i Are without an equal in every point, whether 12x9 — $25. Removal
X!Si Su? Price" R *" lt be low P ricin K- fin « qualities, complete- Sale Price... $10.50
• sTrtrT •'¦'¦ ness or variety. The opportunities for ad- 9x7 — $15. Removal
$J.OO per pan* vantageous purchases were .never better than Sale Price... $10.50
> — : • — — — O now. q c
...FURNITURE... 0^^/^ 1 /^ °~FURNITURE.;.
erlcks* productions. The phenomenal known as the fcnd borders are am- n»o\ai csaie ±-nce ......... .... ***¥*?-
price reductions on this dleplay give gJ2 bStutlful- Wy « P re" nted "n *W« *!***%. T rt a "fT I 1 n th " e
It afaaclnaUon that no one appred- iad artistic to be our Fall showings. .$1450. Removal Sale «|1
ffiE -uperlor rurnlture Bhould over. -*« In thl, city. Our e££ line of ™«^^ ; "^gj jggyj .
IOOk - • xn Ai* woods. d V uUd raperies re " fiuced gg gffi: « 15 - 00 - Removal $12
25 to 40 15 to 25
SEa^.%tt^«l^ m g2|M PCTCent - P 5 r_Cent : _ beauty. $13.50. Removal Sale $lQ
Removal Sale Price J16.W f ARPITT^ *-«ce • • t
Weatfaerefl Otk/Ooldea Oak. MtrOm- JL* " * ~T « , SOCKEBS AITD CKAIBS.
•yrSSlewid XaJLoraar TUUh—An f J** % i J* n £!£l jlfl^JL ",* £l OoWea Oak Bocker— Highly pol-
.ixtlsUc and attractlve^lece of furnl- f« c ff; SY?Flt,f?7 <?,t <?},. '~\ n i ?* lshed - durably constructed, large size.
k^^.^movl?8afeVn n S &?o££ £ l £u,£& <£&t*£ 37^0 Removal Sale Price. . J 5>50
..^^•^^oilSf S^^HI m s^i^l d !^
SJ?T^ISo ?^|gigi
XOOZCASxa. $2.00. Removal Sale Price $1JJ5 pi,:,, f n S,Lh msw ba * A *A
' Tbe«l.rwceof this assortment $1^ Re^val Sale Price *1^) no^ftafe^rict^f^.^ $9.00
cannot be judged without seeing it. *<*T Brusiels— This fine service-
In all the rarest designs— plain and ffle Quality carpet in choicest color- B0KEATTS. . .-
elalwrate— of the moat ¦ beautiful $1^0. Removal Sale J| £5 Tour selection from three woods-
woods. The opportunity, of securing- tfr 2P e ••.•••^*."" / • • • *: .A., H _ a Quarter-Sawed Oak, Birdseye Maple.
each furniture at exceedingly low B> J*?!!3SJ %i n ?x?%»v* 2v Mahogany Finish. Durably made,
prices will appeal to any one. a, ble carpet. 85c Removal Sale £IJ C wRh com modious. easily gliding
a AUWOOMAm arm. P T C a e p e^ry' - BroM'eVs-In ' unexcelled %£?£? hand . s0 . me ly artistic
$10.00 Case. Removal Sale Price.. $34 ce ' "i'fWlAi 'if Viiui $30— Removal Sale Price... $21
$25.00 Case. Removal Sale Price.. $30 ...l^iniV/L/J&V/iTi... trow bedsteads
$20.00 Case. Removal Sale Price— $16 Xalald—Latest and newest designs. Tn !„.„ .pH rZn PnamH all
8K..gESESSiKS33::8S ' 1 - 60 - Sal !. p . r . 1( :!-.: $U5 ly^i&i?™*J%P%$
$12.50 Case. Removal Sale Price.. $10 # prtnted tlnoleums— Pretty patterns. * 12 - 50 ' Removal Sale Price
BOOr BRLTES. 90c — Removal Sale Price... 70c 3SASS BEDS.
SlrAsey* Kaple, Weathered Oak 70c— Removal Sale Price... &5c Handsomely constructed, highly
sad Ooldea BopkBhelTes— Durably I w . _,„ hold «_,, dellv . r nux. I burnished, all sizes. $36.00. C« nn
SHer c£Z * UCCd IchSU tyiimb^T^ USELESS: I Removal Sale Price W-VV
' O O ¦ (
649,651 I MARKET ST. "k EARN V W
WW^r00W^ — — >->rO # |
00^ Monday, Sept. 12
EMBROIDERED
Irish Linens
We have just received "direct from the manufacturer a
- complete stock of beautifully embroidered Irish Linen pieces
in every size and shape. The assortment consists of TEA
CLOTHS, TRAY CLOTHS, SCARFS, DOYLIES and
round and square CENTER PIECES-
Linen Table Cloths Webb's Towels
TT . ... -._«_ A large, new stock, of the cele-
Heavy satin finish, .pure Insh bratcd 6 W ebb's Dew Bleached
Lmen, 2 yards wide by 2% hernst i tc hed Towels, white and
yards long, 10 different patterns, colored borders, in plain huck
a11 ncw ••••p'*V $3.50 and fancy weaves.
•¦'¦ — Prices from $4.50 ta $12 per Dozen
Dinner Napkins - Lace curtains
I 200 dozen, satin finish, .full An cnusually Iarge variety of
size, heavy quality, all lmen, patterns in Corded Arabian,
Kf CmyPattern coS V A handsome braided effects, in
cloths A* • : • $ J. 50 Renaissance, Irish Point and
"'""'" Each . Cable ncts p ai ; $4.50
Tapestry Portieres * *"""•' g
We are prepared to show the E>eCl.OpreadS
latesf novelties Tn Tapestry Por- White and colored Marseilles
tieres. A heavy Rep, with plush and Sat j n fi n j s h Spreads, full
border, also plain colors and s ; ze j n shades of pink, light
two-toned effects. Mercerized and medium blue» red, navy,
with heavy double fringe. All ye H ow and white C1 flfl
•new colorings.. .. (CA f|A Each h>O»U\J
A . " . u Robe Blankets
AmaZOn ClOth German Cotton Eiderdown
A good quality, all wool, well Robe Blankets. Fine, heavy
finished cloth, for tailor suits, quality for dressing gowns,
in all the late fall shades of tan, smoking jackets and _ coach
brown, green, gray, navy, royal, blankets. A large variety of
cardinal and modes. <c 4 aa beautiful figured de- a-*} e?n
Full 50 in. wide. Yard^*'^^ signs and colors. Each
We have also received our new Fall Stock of Cluny _and Bat-
tenberg Lace and Linen and Lace Scarfs, Doylies and Tidies, Re-
naissance Ruffled Bed Sets and Door Panels.
We' will continue our sale of Fine White and Colored Blankets
during the week.
NOTE— Mail orders promptly filled. WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
I arjjacftahte - sxnus.
LdUIB&TYaldlb , FUty down
We bare A .^^fv Petticoat* of
received G HW£7i^7/^Xj\A t n * * l r ,*
large stock otWJZ/m %/r$fM++' M * J A/i be *'T vuX '
new Waists r Jl if ///7 (tJ "f • Lu«trou»
forfall.com- 0 " Black Sate«a
prising Flan- jmZ^^jlCfr 1 ?Vt~ / ~J ™ ade . wlJl1
nels. Chal- jJB^^ " L** 1 1 S p a n 1 » h
lies. Mohairs ___ ft J * .^ 1VW^. • n o u n c •
ana Nuns , jtCF^'tV'*. %k^/ / Y%—^ t r I m m ed
Veiling i n vV " i^J . iJUUWfcfc^Tr BL 1 wlth thre *
plaids. Prices * + + j ¦* <*% < w^ m_ s* j" u. T. *•"** each.
l*WZ*? J 11 to .1 2 1 Post Street *&* &.&'
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tbe Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the y^Jr s/t?* J""y*
Signature of C&zjty/f />&&&&£
Teleplioaa Soatb 893.
WE HAVE
MOVED
And In the new store. th« blgrest and
best equipped place of Its kind In San
Francisco, we are prepared to offer
you a choice of the Finest Family
Wines. Liquors and Cordials and an
unsurpassed Delicatessen Depart-
ment, where we handle all kinds of
Package Goods and Cold Meats.
Salads. Cheeses, eta
. We Invite your attention to the fol-
lowing speclalteis for this weeek:
HABISCO WAHiaS..- tin 25c
Regular. 80c.
xotaxi BAxsnrxs tia lOc
BegoUrly 15c.
MTTSXBOOXS ...tbl 20C
7. Leccrart.
Regular!/ "3c.
ZUPOSTZtS CTTAMTAQarsa. .
pts, 81.351 qta, 82.55
Muinia, Whit* Eeal and Pommery.
RegoUrly «143 and $2.73.
8W12ST WI3TX3 5 hots. 81.00
Port. Sherry. Angelica, Tokay «t^ ilas-
citel. Cbolca Natlv» Wlnea.-
1 Regularly 35c a bot.
WX&SO2T WHI3 JCDT. bot. 8 Oc
. That's AH.
Regularly $1.00.
• '•_¦
' IrI 1™. ™ M ** M Bf I
If you want a good food for*
your baby, — a food that is eji-
dorsed by physicians, a food that
contains a large amount of digestible
constituents, a food that feeds, a food
that will nourish, sustain and pro*
¦ mote the growth of your baby, — try
Mellin'3 Food. We will send a sam-
ple for you to try. ,
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.