SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,"; SEPTEMBER , 7;,1904
TES WEATHER.
rcrecstst made at San Praa
cisco lor tWrty hours endln*
laidrlg-ht, September 7: ;j
San Francisco and vicinity—
Tair Wednesday; cooler; light
north wind in the morninff.
chanffin? to brisk westerly with
f off.
AX.EXAITDEB O. McADIE,
DiFtrict rorecaiter.
Continued on Pace S. Column O.
' » After-half of the parade. had passed
the 'corner;* of ; Van .; Ness 'avenue and
Market street-; the-, 'procession .was
halted for,; about fifteen- minutes." Word
went' down; the. Hne t J . that. an, accident
had ; happened .'at' Geary ' street and Van
Ness^avenue.^but ; such' was * riot\the
casie.'« : ' f .The i carriage ,• of .Grarid f Master
Stoddard, iff olio wed :' by .5, fifty 1 or : sixty
oth*r ivehicles.'-was halted [ at \ the • other
6ide']t)f»the'. reviewing stand jwhlle 'the
• ¦ De Is Molay • Commandery - < of Boston
and! the >Pittsburg. commanderies wera
noticeable for .their knightly work in
the line of march; In faqt, every com
mandery 'is said to have shown > the ; re
sult 1 of' Careful attention to military
detail; ¦¦¦',•'¦'':'¦/.''¦ :", ' ; ':' ¦¦.*:> .
where ) she was ¦ soon • revived. • The
name ¦ of the : other "sufferer could not
be ; learned. -.-•¦'• '{'J/'\
',, TWO ACCLDENTS.r
• ' One j fatality and, .one, 'serious ; injury
marred' the march of the great army, of
the' Knights. Ambulances were "in at
tendance at every "three; divisions of
the parade, and; thanks to this sensible
precaution, several of ,the\Knights who
might have suffered from the heat and
exhaustion were. given prompt medical
attention and sent' to their 'hotels.
'; 'No : more beautiful display of costly
'uniforms; has ;ever been" seen in this
city." The twenty-ninth conclave, will
be known:, for 'its splendor" of raiment
arnongr-- the uniformed ranks and: the
splendid^ efficiency of the commander
ies taking ,V irt - It was noticeable that
thevarious drill corps, have made won
'derful. progress in drill.' ; Louisville
Comriiandery ¦¦ attracted attention all
along i thf ; ' line and was accorded an
ovation' R,r front of the reviewing stand
when ' it iformed • in 'company front" and
•moved 'Hwith; unbroken line the -full
length^ of : the block,' its: band playing
¦VOld -Kentucky Horiie." Too- much
praise cannot be given the Kentuckian3
for their-i excellent' showing.
On Van' Ness avenue, from Market
to Washington street,: had gathered
the largest crowd ever : assembled on
that thoroughfare to witness a parade.
The sight -was one to ; be remembered.
On both;sldesof the '- street; reviewing
stands had been erected at
of about- two :, blocks and "these were
filled to : their utmost capacity with
women; and children and" a" sprinkling
of men. • At one stand the -predom-;
inating color was red, a'shade'lentby
scores of Japanese > umbrellas that -had
been : peddled • to -the £ crowd;-* Beneath
the, crimson "s glow, was ithe -white 4 of
the .summer., dresses of ;>pi^ttyv tgirlsi
with . an occasional dash of; something
casioned • by the breaks In the line, '• to
allow theseverarcommanderies' to take
their, proper-positions. \ California Com
mandery, mounted, bore -the brunt of
the struggle in bringing the vast,' army
of Knights into line 'and at- tb*}, sound
of the bugle ; to "forward" - it • fell into
column of twelves, 800 j strong,' making
the most . imposing display of ,• the \ pa
rade; Companies A and B 'of the<com
mandery executed- many . pleasing evo
lutions during the march apd were
heartily applauded. .. . . .
Twelve divisions followed the police
lead. The procession was two hours
and fifty-five minutes passing a' given
point arid the estimated number, of
men in line, including the musicians
and drum 'corps, was (8000,- a much
larger number than paraded in 1883,
when the last conclave was • held in
this city. Even the. sweetest and the
best music was marred because of the
short distance between bands. When
passing the " reviewing ; stand every
band struck .up a- popular march and
there was- not ; a- moment ¦ in three
hours when I there", was not the "sound
of martial harmony to cheer the
sweltering masses" In the grandstands
and on" the streets.
GREAT CROWDS GATHER.
'. .'¦¦ Headed by twenty-five of the finest
mounted police in t San .Francisco ' and
under the command of ; Chief of Police
George ;- Wittman _. and.. Captain Henry
P. Gleason Division No. ' 1 ., of the great
parade ,'swung .'.into .position at Geary
and'Stockton | streets J at • 10:15. . Follow
lng«the police;cameithetchief ; of the
di vision, \Frank' r W.'Sumner, v surround
ed by "his staff; 'the; heads" of 'the' vari-
Chief: of Police Wittnian,' who rode
at j the : nead • of the ; parade, - occupied
a similar position on foot twenty years
ago when •'the- conclave -was held in
this city. The Chief at that time was
a ¦ patrolman. • A . company ; of • twenty
five men none of iwnqm were under
six 'feet tall was -selected* to -head, the
parade. ' The/late- Captain ¦ Douglass
and Sergeant' Nash, acting lieutenant,
were in command of the company.
Wittman acted as., orderly ' sergeant
arid marched at the head; of the pla
toon. • * Douglass • and . Nash ' are dead
and of .the twenty- five i selected ! men
only, three - are alive — Wittman. Cor
pcral Callinan and P. D. Linnville, an
ex-member of the Police Department.
.When the clock struck 3 the last
remnant , of the, great parade • had dis
persed. The Knights were not slow in
seeking, \their quarters and a much
needed rest. The streets still remained
thronged with thousands of ; people
and the occasional- notes of, a retiring
band occurred to remind one .that the
Twenty-ninth Conclave -parade of the
Field of .the. Cloth of. Silver . had come
to an end... . . . . :
FIRST DIVISION.
Ity of ..ticket -holders r before | this hour,
the, people, seeking the shade, of the
buildings'. . The seats in the., stands
were. built too close together; and when
the : crowds'.attempted to' leave the plat
forms \through . ,the ..narrow, entrances
and -along the, small passageways sev
eral women fainted. _• ..-•:.
I . ONLY THREE ARE ALTVE.
This particular part of 'Van • -Jfess
avenue was. the San Juan Hill of .the?
day's campaign. S Odessa wasn't in it
and the plains where Godfrey of, 'Boul-.
lion-charged in^his inaugural inspira
tion could. not have been more, sore to
the foot "and": more; impossible of pass-^
ago to the> standard bearers. History
lost all of v its ' romance at Van Ness
avenue and' Sutter street; and a ¦¦ rapid
fire cannoiv.'could nof;have\puniped
the -crusades' into, 'a iKnight Templar
of ) the latter, day : at 1 this : aggravating
turning •place.-.-'Butthe Knlghts\w,ere
game. as of; yore and' struggled to;keep
in? llrie ( and: pass: the 'reviewing* stand
with- heads/and plumes highfandtstep
steady and lacking . evidence 1 of - pain
fulness. ; . : ¦ •
Several \ times; some of i the.-, older
Knights, were , forced to go -out of; line
at j' the : countermarching f point .The
heat of the; day; increased as .the hours
wore on andjevenithose; who'stood'.on
the sidewalks - and i-sat -in-: the -stands
and v, on ".doorsteps p) suffered -- severely.
Two " women ?fainted.at. ( the of
Van ' ; Ness /avenue t and '-' Market '. street
and:: had? to beltakenl to } their; homes.
One 'Of ithese'^Mrs.*- 'Agnes Carroll,.' who
lives -on ..Valenciaustreet, cutrher >head
badly,:,when r she ; fell: c: .Her husband
was i at- heri side** arid -with .the-' assist
ance -,df '. several bystanders"; 1 she?-; was"
carried ¦ into ' : a ."neighboring <; house,
SAN? JUAN HILL.
more brilliant' on- the portly form of
a- chaperon; • On- the big stand • oppo
site the reviewing stand, where Grand
Master H. B. Stoddard stood uhder-the
fold* of a great black and white-stand
ard, at 'least 'a thousand' women and
children . 'filled the bench's-,! and
cheered ' in shrill* but - enthusiastic
voices. They* gave ' spirit 'to- more
than one --poor,- -bedraggled, tired
Knight as he/ climbed .the slope to
ward the point and
home. -, \ "¦ '¦¦¦. -¦¦¦'
Grand Master Stoddard '^^^§^MMMndgm^i^^m
1 Stand at Suiter 'Street^ and Van $ess Avenue.
Shortly before 10 o'clock the . head of
the column was formed at Geary, and
Kcarny streets,' with a -detachment of
mounted- police in • the •:. lead. It was
shortly after, this : hour, when .the order
to move forward jwas j given and then
followed a number of "short delays,- oc r
The sun rose. In a partly clear sky,
amid promises of a glorious day for the
parade. The weather prophet kept
good his word for "fair and -warm," and
before 9 o'clock the straggling bank of
fog that hovered over Twin Peaks with
the persistency of a Japanese flanking
movement commenced to divide on the
spur of the hills into thin ribbons of
mist that strayed baywards and finally
melted In *the warm rays of the sun.
By this time the several divisions were
forming on Post street, Geary, O'Far
rell. Eddy, Powell, Stockton and many
of the streets south of Market. Emi
nent Sir C. L. Field of the California
Commandery was grand captain gen
eral and he handled the big procession
with marvelous skill, assisted, by the
Police Department," whose work was up
to its usual standard in such matters.
The Eastern visitors were loud in their
praise of the efforts of the police to
make as perfect as possible all arrange,
ments for the parade.
PARADE STARTS.
But this is neither, here nor there.
The arduous march to Antioch and the
successful issue of the campaign gave
way to the words of historic value that
shall tell of ¦ the bold tramp from
Geary and Market streets to, Van Ness
avenue and return. The -bold dashes
of Simon de Montfort were as. naught
compared with the recklesf charges on
the water-wagons. The heat came out
of the sky and the ground in relays
and was sharper than any Damascus
blade and more enervating than a
Turkish bath. - . ;
Knight Templarism brought with it
to San Francisco and California all
that is worthy of emulation in the an
cient and much that is to be admired
in the modern. • The sturdy marching
men represented the traditions of ten
centuries ago and the more unromantic
conditions . of . our more prosaic and
more businesslike period. Some said
that the 8000 men'in line could jointly
insure the payment of the national
debt. Others said that rich as- is the
order of the Templar, there are • those
among them whose walks are among
the humble, and that wealth alone was
not the most striking feature of the
units that went to make up the .great
procession of Masonic 'mankind.
RECKLESS CHARGES.
Could the founder of the ", Knights
Templar have risen from his grave yes
terday and scanned the ranks" of ! the
followers of. his order he would perhaps
have had renewed faith in the hordes
that defended the pilgrims and re
marked -that after all "valor is only a
part of pomp. Pomp ruled the "day in
the twentieth century as force govern
ed the steeled Knights 'of the year 1000,
when the mixed 'forces ,of the Crusa r
ders met to. plan the first siege. Yes
terday, in modern San Francisco, the
uniformed legions of the Templar
showed even more military skill, more
unity of purpose, than did the scat
tered, disorganized enthusiasts who
rallied .about the. cross to. threaten the
lines of the Saracens. .
7J——. 7" , " ¦. , r - • . , " . -. ..•¦;.. ,.. . .......... -••..:.-: .••• -- , ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦
DISTINGUISHED KNIGHTS TEMPLAR REVIEWING THE GREAT PARADE -AND DE MOLAY'S DELEGATION. ON THE MARCH.
Vast Throngs
of Visitors
in City.
The Northern Battalion, Knights
Templar of California, will receive
Ihis afternoon. The battalion con
tists of the following commanderies:
Drovllle No. 5. Nevada City No. 6.
"hico No. 12. Marysvllle No. C." Red
Flat No- 17. Coiusa No. 24 and Mount
Shasta No. 22. . .
Oakland Commandery Entertains
IVicnds at Native Sons* Hall.
Oakland' Commandery No. 11,
Knight Templars, held its first general
reception for the visiting Knights
last night at Native Sons* Hall, pre
senting an attractive musical pro
gramme. Those taking part were:
-:.r. B. .Apple, A. W. Black, W. R.
Lwvis. and mandolin and glee clubs
under the direction of Mrs. A. W.
¦ Bark. Clyde Llnscot and Dr. H. J.
Stewart. • v *
A.i inform-il reception was held in
the afternoon, preceded by an elab
orate banquet, given exclusively to
the Oakland Commar.dery and their
families.
The line oil painting at the rear of
the Ktage. presented to the Native
nor.?, by Pi-MaSir Phelan, made an
•fffMfve background for the beauti
ful pink and green in which the hall
was decorated. ." .".^
Governor Pardee is a member of
the <">;:kland Commandery. and Mrs.
• P.;rdee. accompanied by Mrs. Ander
fcii. wife of lieutenant Governor An
derson, was; present in the afternoon.
:.:rr-. Pardee was eloquent in her
p-alsp of California climate after her
/ • ¦ Ti'jnce with thunder storms and
' i during her recent trip to the
' -:rru States. '
• ,
Unite to Kutcrtain.
HOLDS FIRST RECEPTION
After enjoying an inlprmal luncheon
thesA high Masonic dignitaries 'went
into executive session «tn<L inaugurated
ti«- ousiness of the conclave. To-day,
to-morrow an<l Friday they will again
gather at Golden Gate Hall to discuss
and settl* questions relating \o toe
conduct- of . the order. The duty of
raising Right Eminent Sir George M.
Moulton. present deputy grand master,
to the high office of grand master of
the order in th<» United States will also
devolve upon the Grand Encampment
before it adjourns.
The social side of the conclave was
rot forgfttten yesterday, notwithstand
ing the jrrcat attraction of parade and
<Srand Encampment. The m«-st notable
social feature was the reception given
last evening at the Palace Hotel to
Grand Master Stoddard. though much
interest attached to the reception of
the Earl of Euston by California Com
m2ndery at Mechanics'- Pavilion. The
great nave of the ferry building was
also the scene of a pleasant function,
the first of a series of promenade con
certs befrsg given there" last" evening.
FEATURE OF PROGRAMME.
The feature of to-day's programme
le the competitive drill anj presenta
tion of prizes at the Golden Gate Park
baseball • grounds. From the . heights
surrounding the grounds 40,000 people
rr;ay witness the contest, which prom
ises to be thc-mest-picturesque event of
the conclave. Excursions to nearby
cities and resorts will- be on to-day and
doubtless will be taken advantage of
by m?.ny thousands of the strangers
now gathered here.
A banquet to the Grand Encampment
of the United Suites and representa
tives from Great Britain at the St.
Francis and a reception in their honor
to be. tendered by the Grand Command
ery of Ohio ct the Maple room of the
Palace .will be the most striking of to
day's features. Those not attending
these functions will not be given a
chance to rest, however, for no less
than twenty similar affairs, under the
direction of the- various commanderies,
are scheduled. The grand ball at Me
chsnics' FavilJon under the auspices
of .California Commandery will > be a
fplendid climax to the pleasures of the
day. In point of numbers and beauty
cf attire it will be unusual.
BUSINESS INAUGURATED.
The great parade was the feature of
¦yesterday morning's programme, but
the afternoon was marked by an event
of even greater interest to the order —
the opening of the triennial session of
the «Jrar.d Encampment. The grand
officers of the order, delegates ac
credited to the encampment and the
delegation representing the Great
Priory of England and Wales and th«»
British cri»n dependencies assembled
early «n the alternoon at Golden Gate
Hall. •- - -
History was made for San Francisco
yesterday and pleasant memories were
established fcr her chlvalrlc guests.
The citizens of this metropolis of the
great West have witnessed many bril
liant pageants within the last few years.
Armies have been mobilized within the
city's gates and sent away to war, and
veterans that were her guest" have
caught the cadence of marches of the
Ions a?o, but none presented more
martial dignity than the legions that
swung yesterday through the city's
streets,
The fourth grand division fonnedl
on Taylor, street, north of Geary. It
was headed by the Right Eminent Sir
Thomas Kite, grand commander. He
was • mounted on a fine black horse,
and beside him rode Eminent Sir John
Nelson Bell, chief of staff. Behind
them rode aids on black horses.
At the head of the Cincinnati Com
mandery was borne the first American
flag ever used in a Templar parade.
It was first floated in 1872 at the con
clave held in Washington. D. C. The,
venerable ensign was held aloft by the
grand standard bearer of the com
mandery. The Sir Knight over whom
its silken folds floated at the long past
conclave has passed away. Yester
day when the flag, a little faded, flut
tered at the head of the Cincinnati
Commandery the fraters recalled in
cidents of the other conclave when
the banner was t new and bright. At
that time it was carried by Sir Knight
A. Wilson, who has since died.
Headed by George Blake's band, the
L'ouisville Commandery marched over
a hundred strong. Sir Knights, clad
In the regalia of another ; order of
Masonry,' held on high their standard.
In gold letters on the silk was In
scribed the «iotto. "Be thou faithful
unto death and . I will give thee a
crown ; of life." ¦
- With this division were grand com
FOURTH DIVISION.
Leading the third division came Past
Grand Commander Harrison Dingman
of the District of Columbia and his
aids, followed by the Grand Comman
deries of the States in the division. In
the lead came Central City No. 25 of
Syracuse, New York, in white and gold
regimentals and sword belts. Bing
hamton Commandery of New York,
followed by the Binghamton Comman
dery band, was next in line. Then
came commanderies of Virginia and
Vermont. The Grand Commandery of
New Hampshire with band and the
Washington Commandery No. 1 of
Hartford, Conn., In black and white
uniforms, followed. Bringing up the
rear of the division came the New
Haven Commandery, whose members
furnished considerable merriment along
the route. During a halt on Van Nes3
avenue several of the Knights sang
choruses and others capered to the
music of the approaching bands, to the
great amusement and applause of
thousands. *
Interspersed with bands every two
blocks, many of them being comman
dery bands from visiting States, the
second division began with the Grand
Commandery of Massachusetts and
was followed by the De Molay Com
mandery of Boston. Boston Comman
dery No.. 2 disputed the right of line
and upon being refused marched to its
headquarters at the St. Francis and
disbanded. In this division the first
of the water wagons of the medical
corps made its appearance and at the
end of the division came two am
bulances. Others in line in this divi
sion were the Cavalry Commandery of
Providence. R. I., and Malta Comman
dery of t New Bedford, Mass. The next
to appear was the strikingly uniformed
commandery of Hugh de Payens of
Melrose, Mass.. which was garbed in
gold and black and bore black tabards
with the skull and crossbones in gold.
Then followed the South Boston Com
mandery, Trinity Commandery of Hud
son, Coeur de Lion Commandery of
Bunker Hill, Boston Charleston Com
mandery, Olivet Commandery of Lynn
and Cambridge Commandery cf Cam
bridge, all of Massachusetts.
•V?£?2e third division.
Following the officers of the prand
Encampment came one of the fe'aturea
of the afternoon, the mounted squad
rons of the California Commandery
No. 1, on black horses and divided
into fourteen troops. Black and silver
trappings flashing in the sunlight and
marking the head of the parade as far
as the eye could see.
The infantry of the Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16 was in the center
of the first division and its course
was marked along the route with dif
ficult and clean-cut evolutions in the
various crosses of the order. The cav
alry of the California Commandery
No. 1 also. > performed clever fancy
-figures, the - horses hjk! ! -: men falling
into their places without a break.
- .Carriages carrying the Grand Com
manderies -of New York and Indiana
followed the Golden Gate Knights.
Eringing up the rear of the division
came a float carrying a very lively and
excited cinnamon bear cub, emblem
atic of California.
SECOND DIVISION.
ous committees and by aids from all
commanderies in California. Grand
Commander Charles M. Plum and hi3
aids acted as escort to the American
grand master. Sir. Henry Bates Stod
dard. and the English grand master.
the Right Honorable Earl of Euston.
The leaders of Templarism were
seated in an open carriage drawn by
four. white horses in the beautiful
uniforms and insignia of the order, two
abreast, came the officers of the Grand
Encampment, the English delegation,
arrayed in the white and crimson uni
forms of the Grand Priory.
Brill Contests
to Be Held
at Park.
Visiting Hosts
Make Grand
Showing.
Give Evening
to Social
Affairs.
Heat Causes
Parqders to
r'CLtfit*
Eight Thou*
sand Men
in Line.
Day's Memor
ies Will Last
Long.
When the countermarch had. been
completed most of the commanderies
fell out on Van -Ness" avenue ; without
completing the march back to the point
of starting. The heat "had increased
at! 2 o'clock to 88 degrees in the. shade*
arid most of the stands on the sunny
side of- Market street and Van Ness
avenue .were abandoned by the major-
Along the line of parade' were signal
stations from, which members, of the
National Guard, wigwagged orders to
the. several divisions. Platforms were
erected at Geary and Taylor streets.
Market and Geary streets. City Hall
avenue and. Market street and at other
points of vantage. From the place of
starting to the point of, turning at
Washington street and -Tan Ness ave
nue it was only, the matter of a few
minutes to- signal a . command, .and
thus Grand" Commander. Field was kept
in communication with every division
on the line of march. The signal corps
in charge was commanded j by ' Captain
Emmet Jones, 'who acted ; as chief sig
nal officer. When one of v the Sir
Knights fell from exhaustion at the
head of the column the signal/ was sent
to, the. City Hall station for, an ambu
lance and in a v few minutes the patient
was being hurried away toHhe hospital.
Captain Jones says that his practice at
Camp* Atascadero stood' him in good
stead.
police made arrangements for the
Templar officials to leave 'their con
veyances and { be seated on the plat
form. • Owing to the congested condi
tion of the avenue and side streets it
was some time before Post street, above
Van: Ness avenue, could be. cleared to
receive the empty carriags as they
drove away from the stand and out of
line of parade. -After the grand com
mander and his retinue. Including the
Earl of. Euston, had taken their posi
tions in the reviewing gallery there was
no further delay and the , ; tramping
thousands. moved on again between the
great; masses of applauding humanity.
SIGNALS TO OFFICERS.
CRUSADERS OF PEACE REVIVE THE SPLENDOR
OF LEGIONS THAT FACED THE SARACEN FOE
Alcazar — "Bebert Soait."
California — "Sapho." - Watiaea
* To-Day. -¦'¦
Central— "Th« Pirst Born." *
Columbia— "Baffles."
ri«cher •¦— "Anheuier Push."
Grand .Opera-nous* — Chine**
* Plays.
Majestic — "In the Falaco of the
Kin*."
Orpnemn — Vaudeville. Matinee
. To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Toreador."
The Chutes — Vaudeville, After
noon and Evening".
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE, GENT?
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 91).Continued From Page ' 1, Column . 7.
De Mo I ay, an d Pi tt s bu rg Ge Jt
. .Their Share of Praise
\_ of .Spectators. ;...X'L
Crack.' Commandery's Mili
tary Precision ofrMove- ; ;
.¦ ..merits Applauded.
LOUISVILLE
GHE^RED ALL
ALONG- LINE
MEMBERS OF SANTA BARBARA COMMANDERY WHO HAVE DONE MUCH
TO PROMOTE THE INTERESTS OF THE ORDEK DURING ITS STAT IN
SAN FRANCISCO DURING THE CONCLAVE. .. .
Sir Knights and Visitors
Should not fail to see . the beautiful decorations
At Andrew's Diamond Palace, 221 Montgm'y st. *
O'Neill Appointed to Committee.
; INDIANAPOLIS,, Sept. 6.— Captain
W.". E. English^ commander in . chief of
the United States Spanish War Veter
ans, has appointed" his committees.
Thomas F. „ O'Neill of California;, is
given a place on; the committee on
rules. and regulations. : .:.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Sept 6.-— The
mEilboat Virginia Lake, from North
ern Labrador, reports that the , sea
board was swept by a. fierce gale two
weeks ago. . Much damage was done
to fishery property along the coast and
five schooners were driven. ashore, re
sulting in the loss of eleven lives.
ELEVEN LIVES ARE LOST
TURING A FIERCE GALE
..Jumping over chairs, tables and
chairs and tables combined,; twisting
into all manner ! of contortions, they
finally tumbled themselves off the stage
to r the ¦ great regret of a much amused
The high tragedy of the Chinese im
perial warrior, with more lives than a
cat, and the tender romance of the sev
enth sister of the Pleiades, % who mar
ried a mortal, was forgotten last night
at the Grand Opera-house when a cou
ple of Chinese acrobats, robed in red
gown?, stiff with gold embroideries and
glistening with thousands of tiny mir
rors, stood forth f of a moment before
the admiring eyes of the audience.
Then, Dresto, change, their brilliant re
spectability fell with their cloaks to the
ground. In flesh tights and baggy
trousers they whirled wheels and turn
ed tumbles till the audience was dizzy
with- laughter and applause. Nothing
seemed to jar the equilibrium of the
acrobats till one of them, over polite,
endeavored : to bow while standing on
his head. "
Contortions of Celestials. at Grand As
tonish Admiring Audience.
CHINESE ACROBATS PLEASE.
. No better climate could have been
especially arranged by the clerk of
the weather ;for the openair concert
in Union : square than that of .last
night.. ' Thousands who had suffered
discomfort from the somewhat op
pressive heat of the . day gathered
about the Dewey monument to listen
to a, band "of twenty-four pieces ren
der, popular ; melodies from a pro
gramme, selected for ,the occasion.
: Every 'available point of vantage
was occupied by Knights and > their
ladies, and guests of the Hotel St.
Francis were not' missing among those
who .enjoyed the music and astroii
over the walks and lawns in the balmy
evening air. . .
A , delegation . of Knights from the
Palace^ Hotel on their way to the Me
chanics'- Pavilion stopped to pay a
visit* to their comrades at the St. Fran
cis and listen to the concert. Visitors
who / have ;' * quarters in the various
apartment-houses . in; the Western Ad
dition-helped to swell the multitude.
Music 'iwas rendered till , 11 •; o'clock, at
.which; hour ; the crowds dispersed.
Select Programme of Popular Airs Is
' Enjoyed by Large Audience.
CONCERT AT UNION SQUARE.
Afternoon and Evening Programmes
to Be Given at the Palace.
The .. ladies' entertainment .commit
tee, under the direction of Mrs. Mar
riner-Campbell, chairman of the
music committee, will give an enter
tainment at 3 o'clock this .afternoon
in the Palace Hotel parlors. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
Knickerbocker Quartet composed of Hetin.
Herbert WiIU«m», R. W. Smith, D. B. Crane,
L. A. Lareen.
(a) "She Wandered Down, the Mountain
tide," English aon« (Clay), (bf ."Phyllia." -flr
teenth century eong (Downs). Mrs. Klippel
Schaffter. • ••--'•»
Songi by Chinese children, under the direc
tion of Misa KeteUe Carpenter.
Knickerbocker Quartet, accompanist Mlsa
Julia Rapier Tharp.
In the evening another entertain
ment will be given by the ladies un
der the direction of Mrs. Campbell at
the parlors of the Palace Hotel. The
following programme will be ren
dered:
Hawiian Quintet.
<a) '•Just you and I" (Oscar Weil); (b) "A
Winter Love Bong-" (California composers), . H.
J. Stewart, Mrs. Greenleaf Krug;er.
The Kasmore Trio— Miss Mary Pasmore, vio.
l'n; Dorothy Pasmore, cello; Susan Pasmore,
piano.
Norwegian songs — (a) "StrtlevUe" (a fisher
maiden's eons); <b) "Aagoths FJeldsang" (a
mountain song); (c) "Polska Fran Dalarne"
(Swedish national dance): (d) "Mor Mln Lille
Mor'.' ("Mother. Little Mother"), Miss Inge
bore Resch Pettenson.
Shakespearean songs — (a) '"Blow, Blow, Thou
Winter Wind" (California compO6er). Gerard
Uaiton: (t>) "I Wai a Lover and His Lass,"
I.: re. Marian E. K. Robinson.
The Pasmtfre -Trio.
Hawaiian Quintet.
Miss Julia Rapier Tharp, accompanist.. -*
LADIES WILL ENTERTAIN.
Golden Gate Commandery received
thousands of visiting Templars at
their home on Sutter- street last night,
liolden Gate Hall was a bower of
evergreens and artistically arranged
electric lights made the place look
like a fairy land. A steady stream of
plumed Knights and their ladies
poured in and out of the hall during
the evening.
Among the guests of the command
ery was Sir Knight S. M. Bushman of
Gettysburg, Pa. He "presented the
Golden Gate Commandery with a
unique* souvenir, "a gavel made from
a tree that grew on the battlefield of
Gettysburg. Imbedded in the head of
the gavells a bullet flred during the
battle of Gettysburg. Sir Knight
Bushman had met some of the Tem
plars from Golden Gate Commandery
at the . last bankers' convention. ¦ At
that time he promised to secure for
the Golden Gate. Knights such a sou
venir. The members of the'eommand
ery are elated over the gift.
Knight of Gettysburg Presents Them
With Civil War Relic.
GOLDEN GATE ENTERTAINS.
Louisville Commandery Dispenses
Hospitality in True So'uthern Style.
Handsome women, richly gowned, at
tended by Sir Knights in full regalia,
who thronged the lobbies and mezza
nine floor of the St. Francis Hotel,
under the brilliancy of myriads of elec
tric lights, furnished a magnificent
spectacle last evening during the hours
devoted to formal reception by Louis
ville Commandery No. 1. From 7:30
until after 11 o'clock the Knights from
Louisville, who hone to-day to carry
off the honors at the competitive drill
of the commanderies, vied with one an
other in extending Southern hospital
ity to the thousands of visitors who
were royally welcomed to the St. Fran
cis. The evening function was opened
by a concert by the Louisville Com
mandery Band. It was in the main
lobby of the hotel and signalized the
coming of the friends of the
Sir Knights of Kentucky.
As the interesting affair progressed
bodies of white plumed Sir Knights, ac
companied by their ladies, marched into
the hotel with their bands of music,
which enlivened the scene by serenad
ing the hosts of the evening and finally
joining with the visiting commander
ies in partaking of the refreshments
furnished by the Kentuckians in their
reception hall on * the mezzanine floor
of the^ cro>vded hostelry. Although
many receptions were held at the dif
ferent headquarters of the visiting
Knights Templar during the evening,
none- surpassed the one given by the
men from Louisville.
KNIGHTS GIVE WELCOME.
The engineer of a train of thoofbt
should know how to handle the throttU
properly.
The twelfth and last division was
commanded by Eminent Sir Hudson B.
Gillis, grand senior warden of Califor
nia. Sir Knight Edwin A. Forbes was
chief , of staff. The aids were United
States. Marshal J. H., Shine, R. S.
Browne, Major W. M. Felmer, L. J.
Evans and W. Walker, assisted by the
Mounted Red Cross, P. K. Watters and
J. W. Stltt. It was after 1 o'clock be
fore they were able to join in the pro
cession. They had only just got
under way when -they were forced to
come; to a halt,, with Platt's Military
Band of- Sacramento, which preceded
them, lined up in front of the store
of R. D. Davis & Co. The fire escapes
in the front of this building had been
so arranged as to accommodate about
100. young women. They were gayly
attired and each was< provided with
either a silken parasol, a big fan, a
flag or a bunch of red, white and blue
streamers. These they waved vigor
ously and enthusiastically to each
eommand>vy as it [passed before them.
They extended the same compliment to
Platt's Band. The band replied .by
taking off their caps and then played
a brilliant selection for the benefit of
their fair admirers. Great applause and
cheering followed from the occupants
of, the; fire escape. : Then Band Leader
Platt struck ur> "There'll Be "a Hot
Time in the Old Town To-night." .This
was the signal for a tremendous volley
of applause in which everybody in the
neighborhood . took . a', hand. .;¦• ¦ Af ter \ the
deafening applause . had subsided, the
band was about r to. play. "Auld Lang
Syne,": when. the command was given
to march, 1 and the. procession moved oh.
Up . to -Van Ness avenue : and past the
reviewing ? stand .the pageant marched
and then disbanded.
TWELFTH DIVISION.
The eleventh division was also on the
field early in the fray. They formed
on Grant avenue, south of Geary
street. This division was composed of
Naval, Ventura, .Woodland, St. Ber
nard, San Diego,, Visalia, San Luis
Oblspo, -Riverside, Fresno, St. Omar,
Pasadena, Eureka and Lassen lodges.
Eminent Sir Joseph C. Campbell was
chief of the division and Sir Knfght
Samuel J. Hendywas chief of staff.
The aids were W. C. Ralston, R. R.
Veale, James McNab, A. B. Wood, J.
Billon, Frank Shorb and J. H. Dickin
son. . . . .L'- . i ¦'...'..-¦
i Thia division was accompanied by the
Naval Commandery Band from Mare
Island and bands from Fresno and V}
salia. ,
before the appointed hour. It was,
however, 12 o'clock before their time
came to swing into line. When, they
did, however, they marched in snappy
shape to the splendid music of Mones
Concert Band and the band of the
Fifth . Regiment of Oakland. In this
division were included lodges from Los
Angeles, San Jose and Oakland. . .
. The Knights wore black frock coats,
black chapeaux with white plumes,
baldrics and swords.
ELEVENTH DIVISION.
Mrs. Rose Lisoy of 212% Langton
street fainted at Seventh and Market
streets and was removed to the hospl-""
tal for treatment, after which she was
sent to her home. - V}'
• Miss M. E. Dean, while on her way
to Van Ness avenue from her home at
716 Larkin street, fell in a faint and
was resuscitated at the Emergency
Hospital. Mrs. R. L. Durbow of 1718
Buchanan street met with a similar
experience while standing at the cor
ner of Eighth and Market streets.
James McGinn, standard bearer, of
the Kalamazoo, Mich., commandery,
was overcome with heat and exhaustion
and was forced to apply to the hospital
corps for relief.
F. H. E. McDonnell of Oakland Com
mandery. fainted while on the march
at Pine street and Van Ness avenue.
His fellow Knights assisted him to the
ambulance and he was cared for by
the hospital assistants.
May Costello, the eight-year-old
daughter of Thomas Costello, a grocer
at 230 1 .4 Langdon street, was seriously
injured by falling through a skylight
on the roof of a house at Te'nth and
Market streets. The weight of the girl's
body broke the glass and she fell a dis
tance of twelve feet. Her injuries con
sist of two broken fingers on her left
hand, a broken rib on the right side
and internal injuries, which may prove
fatal. She was treated at the'Emer
gency Mospltal by Chief Surgeon John
L Stephen. .-,. . "r, ..
praret Sparrow, an employe of the tele
phone company, fainted in the crowd.
She was removed to her home at 805
York* street.
MERCHANT WHO WAS SERIOUS
LY ' INJURED YESTERDAY
WHILE ON WAY TO PARADE.
The . Orpheum management had a
motion picture operator on tho line of
march of the Knights Templar parade
yesterday and he secured over 500
feet of sharp and clear film. Interest
ing events of the notable occasion
were faithfully recorded, a splendid
view of his Lordship the Earl of Eus
ton, being taken and - an amusing
glimpse of the little bear mascot of
Golden Gate Commandery being cap
tured. The commanderies that were
taken on the line of march include
those of San Francisco, Oakland, Los
Angeles, Sacramento. Stockton. New
York, Louisville, Chicago, Denver.
Boston and other cities. The nega
tives were developed last night - and
the finished pictures will be shown for
the first time at the Orpheum. this
evening. .'it--:
Kinetoscopic Views Obtained.
Prominent among the ardent workers
in behalf of Santa Barbara are" Sir
Knight Argo Orson Perkins, Sir Knight
Charles H. Rowley. Sir Knight J. K.
Harrington and Sir Knight J. N. Hll
ler. They were foremost in arranging
for entertainment of their fraters dur
ing the conclave and. in handling the
affairs of the commandery during their
stay in this city. /.--i
Santa Barbara, like most of the Cali
fornia commanderies, has been conspic
uous by its excellent showing and waa
one of the bodies that elicited much ap
plause when on parade, great care hav
ing been taken to drill the corps for the
conclave.
, Santa Barbara Commandery enter
tained royally ' at the Vendome -Hotel
the members of visiting commanderies.
The reception room of the hotel was
decorated for the occasion and there
were refreshments and music in
plenty. . -
Visiting Sir Knights were greeted
by the Sacramento Commandery with
rousing cheers. The reception com
mittee was a large and active one.
Under their care all guests felt at
home the minute they entered the
building. Uniformed Knights and fair
ladies' glided through the dance until
a late hour.
.The 'Sacramento Commandery's en
tertainment drew throngs of 'Knights
and their ladies to Pioneer Hall last
night. On the upper floor waltz
music sounded through the entire
evening.
The programme delighted an audi
ence that crowded the hall to the por
tals. Following are those who ap
peared on the stage:
The Masonic quartet, which is
known all over the State ; Miss Mary
Alberta Morse of Oakland, soloist;
Miss R. Bonnie Waggoner of Sacra
mento, soloist; Mrs. William Marcell.
a popular singer of Sacramento, and
Sir Knight Edward Brown of the cap
ital city were contributors to the en
tertainment.- . .
Vaudeville | , Entertainment Given by
• Knights From Capital City.
SACRAMENTO j RECEIVES.
Though it Is supposed to be only a
first aid.statiohhall the facilities are at
hand to'tredt the'.most serious of acci
dents. "V A large-staff of thorough phy
sicians-V'from-i the - ranks, of the-. Sir
Knights " areJ"Jat ;^hand : .at . all hours
Among these,v'ar?s^sbme of 1 the best
known surgeons of the State. The phy
sician's serving in this capacity are Dr.
P. B. Sutherland, Dr. William Hassler,
Dr. A. F. Mardis, Dr. D. E. F. Easton,
Dr.' Thurlow Miller, Dr. Wright, Dr.
William , Edwards, »Dr. J. Herrington,
Dr. Cushman, Dr. Royer, Dr. Waffle
and Dr. Watson.
On the second floor of the Pavilion
there is an \ emergency hospital for
ladies. A matron "is in attendance 'day
and night. The emergency hospital of
the Sir Knights is' thoroughly prepared
to act in case of a big accident. *
'The Emergency Hospital established
by California' Commandery, Knights
Templar, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
treated eight cases yesterday. The hos
pital is an example of* the foresight
shown . by the guiding spirits of the
conclave.
Shortly after the report was received
at the Emergency Hospital of Mr.
Leath's death a call was Bent in from
Market and Eighth streets. MIes Mar-
Sir Knight Lcath was a native of
Knoxvillo. Tenn., aged 60 years, and
wag one of the most enthusiastic of the
members of his commandery. He had
looked forward with interest to the
parade and had made the boast that he
had attendid nearly all of them that
had occurred since that of 1S83 in San
Franfrisco. The startling death of Mr.
L^ath caused considerable consterna
tion in the ranks of the marching
Knights and the procession was halted
several minutes in consequence of the
confusion that resulted. *
CONSTERNATION J.V RANKS.
An ambulance' in charge of Dr S M
Mouser was near by and the body was
quickly placed therein and driven to
the Morgue, where Deputy CoronerMc4
Cormick gave permission to have It re4
moved to an undertaking parlor. *
The death of Sir Knight Joseph Leath
was a cad blow to the members of
Coeur de Lion Commanflery and has
cast a shadow over the gtherw ise pleas
ant visit of the Tennessee order. Mr.
Leath was riding, in a carriage at the
head of his commandery and when it
reached the corner of California street
and Van Ness avenue he stepped out of
the vehicle to make place for an aged
Sir Knight who had become 'exhausted
from the long walk. Joining his com
mandery ranks Mr. Leath walked about
fifteen paces. when he suddenly sank to
the street, throwing his hand over his
heart with a groan. In a few seconds
he was a corpse.
Surgeon George H. Boskowitz treated
the patient for a contused and lacer
ated injury of the head. Later Mr.
Kiminon* was removed to the Waldeck
Sanatorium, where a consultation was
held as to the advisability of perform
ing an operation to determine the ex
tent of the sufferer's injuries. Shortly
after 10 o'clock the patient grew
stronger and it was determined to per
mit him to rest, the supposition being
that the fracture, if such exists, is
not bo serious as was at first suppoed.
He showed a tendency to recover. At
midnight he was resting comparatively
easy with a good chance of recovery.
Mr. Siminoff took a great interest in
the Masonic Home at Decoto and from
the time the cornerstone was laid up
to the present he was ready to help
it with suggestions and money. Shortly
after the home had been opened he be
came interested in the Boys' Band and
he presented each member a uniform.
Subsequently he decided to donate to
the home a brick cottage so that there
miffht be added comfort for the in
mates. After a eite in proximity
to the home had leen selected he let a
contract for the building of the cottage
at a cost of nearly 520,000 and when it
wa» completed he presented it to the
board of trustees of the home in per
petuity for the Masonic fraternity and
the gift wag accepted on behalf of
Grand Lodge of California by Grand
Master Orrin L. Henderson.
One fatality, a serious accident that
may end in death and a number of
prostrations from h^at and overexertion
i5 the aftermath of the great Knights
Templar parade. Sir Knight Joseph
Lcath of Coeur de Lion Commandery.
Knoxville. Tenn., is dead and Sir
Knight Morris Siminoff, a well-known
merchant of this city, is lying at the
point of death at the Waldeck Sana
torium as a result of being thrown
from his horse at Ninth and Market
streets prior to the forming of the
parade yesterday morning.
At the City Emergency Hospital
et-ven erases of a minor character were
irtttted and as many more were re
ported to the police and hospital at
tendants that were not of sufficient im
portance to call for treatment.
The accident to Mr. Siminoff was a
strange one. He had left his home at
672 Fulton street to join his command
cry and before riding away from the
front of his Hat experienced some diffi
culty with his horse. On arriving at
Jcnc-s and Market streets the animal
took fright and bolted at the shouts
of a crowd of men and boys and the
noise of an approaching band. At
Ninth and Market streets the horse
turned suddenly to one side and threw
its rider, who fell on his head on the
afphalt pavement, remaining tmcon-
Bclous until removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where for a mo
ment he gave signs of reviving, but im
mediately lapsed into a comatose con
dition, failing to show any evidence of
regaining his senses until late last
night.
HOPE OF RECOVERY.
Emergency Hospital at
Mechanics' Pa
, ¦ <¦ : VillUll* ...¦¦.
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN . WHO
WAS APPOINTED TO ADMINIS
TER TO SUFFERING FRATERS.
v ¦ ¦ » - .
The tenth division formed on Stock
ton street, north of Geary. The Sir
Knights who made up this division be
gan arriving on the scene early. .Emi
nent Sir William D. Stephens, was one
of the first to appear. He was shortly
followed by his aids, W. W. Haskell,
Dr. S. H. 3uteau, Dr. , J. R. Curnow,
Howard Black, E. A. Butler, - Colonel
C. H. Beaver, Perry W. "Weidner and
Fred M: Smith: /They •soon -had? their
forces marshaled into shape and were
ready to join in the great parade long
Along Stockton street; south of
Geary, the commanderies from North
ern California formed, the head of the
division resting on Geary street. They
included Sacramento, El Dorado, . Pa
cific and Stockton commanderies. The
white chapeaux and' full Templar uni
form were worn by all and they pre
sented a splendid appearance. Eminent
Sir Thomas B. Hall was the chief. of
the division and Sir Knight John W.
Guthrie was 'chief of staff:
TENTH DIVISION.
NINTH DIVISION.
The eighth division formed on Powell
street, north of Geary, and was com
posed of the following commanderies:
Oregon No. 210, under command of
George H. Hill, grand eminent com
mander, and George H. Burnett, grand
captain general; white chapeaux and
full dress Templar uniforms were worn.
Washington Commandery paraded- on
foot dressed in the regular Templar
uniform and Its 'officers mounted and
I. W. Swartz, acting captain general,
was in command. The uniform of the
8Ir Knights from Washington, D.;c,
was distinctive. It was plain black,
with the exception of the baldric and
double apron. It was under the com
mand of John Wallen, eminent com
mander, and W. W. Ballinger, eminent
commander of Old Dominion Comman
dery No. 1. The commanderies from
Montana, Arizona, Wyoming and New
Mexico, marched together, under the
command of K. L. Hart, grand captain
general of Arizona. AH wore the full
Templar uniform and. the white
chapeaux. Right Eminent Sir Benton
H. Langley, past grand commander of
Minnesota, had charge of the divi
sion.
The seventh grand division formed
on Powell street, south of Geary. In
it was the Grand Commandery of Bal
timore in full Templar dress with black
chapeaux, under command of Sir John
H. Miller; Colorado Commandery No. 1,
under charge of Captain R. A. Kin
caid and Lieutenant Charles R. Card.
The Knights were dressed in full
Templar uniform with white plumes
and ' had with them a band of forty
pieces. Kansas Grand Commandery
was under charge , of John Postle
thwaite; its officers were mounted and
the men on foot in full Templar uni
form, with white plumes and rosettes,
forming the sunflower of Kansas, pin
ned, on their breasts. The Minnesota
commandery was under George -W.'
Buck, its members being in full dress
with white chapeaux and carrying an
attractive banner.. South Dakota,
North Carolina and Iowa command
eries were also represented In this divi
sion, the Knights appearing in full
dress with white feathers. The entire
division w,as under charge of Eminent
Sir John H. Leathers, chief of division,
and Sir Knight Ernest* McPherson,
chief of staff.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
With this commandery was a mag
nificent St. Bernard dog, one of the
largest of its kind. The animal seemed
to have caught the spirit of the day.
He held his head high and walked with
a dignified -stride.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
The Texans proudly bore a banner on
which a painting of the Alamo was
Bhown, which Grand Standard Bearer
J. C. Kidd displayed from a carriage.
The beauseant of Apollo Command
ery of Illinois was carried by Sir
Knight J. Bowman, a giant in stature..
Beside *him walked his sturdy little
sons, miniature duplicates of their sire.
The* little fellows were clad in full
Templar uniform.
At the head of the*St. Bernard Com
mandery No. 35 marched Sir Knight
G. C. Kramer. This Templar is lame
as the result of an accident, but he in
sisted ' on parading with his | fraters,
though every step caused him a twinge
of pain. Aided by a cane he remained
on his feet until the parade was dis
missed. :,¦¦¦".-. '¦¦' .'•
i The sixth division was an extensive
one. ; It comprised the following grand
commanderies,, and^ their subordinate
commanderies: Indiana, Texas, . Mis-
BiEsipi, Michigan.vvlllinois, Tennessee,
Wisaonsin, New Jersey, Georgia,
"Missouri. ; Alabama, Louisiana. The
chief of the division was the Very
"Eminent Edwin O'Hara; who was clad
in the regalia of his office and mounted
on a black horse.
SIXTH DIVISION.
The Pittsburg Commandery, the
largest in the world, paraded 150
strong. They marched to the music of
Cassasa's Band, the members of which
were clad in scarlet uniforms.. The
commandery was established in 1819.
In a carriage preceding this division
rode. Grand Standard Bearer Grant
Weidman, who held aloft the black and
white beauseant of the Grand Com
mandery of Pennsylvania, Sir Knights
\V. C. Hembold and W. C. Smith ac
companied him. With the Pennsyl
yanians rode two past grand masters,
the honorable James H. Hopkms, for
mer Lieutenant-Governor of Pennsyl
vania, and General John P. S. Gobin.
The CorLnthian Chasseurs on fine
horses an«j the crack drill corps of the
Tittsburg Commandery were in this
division.
; The fifth grand division was made up
entirely of Sir Knights, from Pennsyl
vania. .The Right Emfnent Wilson I.
Fleming, mounted ,on, k a champing
white steed, headed the division. Be
hind him marched the Sir Knights of
the Grand Commandery of Pennsylva
nia and the subordinate ¦coraman
deries of that State. Prominent among
the latter was the Kadosh Command
ery No. 29, headed by standai'd ' bear
ers carrying a silk beauseant present
ed to the commandery by their ladies.
FIFTH DIVISION.
manderies and their subordinate com
manderies ! from Ohio, Kentucky and
.Maine. ; The De- Molay Commandery,
with beautiful silken guidons, paraded
with this division. Blake's and Ack
mann's-. bands furnished music forthe
march. ....... " "
Boston Commandery. has the oldest charter
of any commandery present .and as such Is
entitled to the right of the line of the second
division and by - parade order • No; 1, Issued
over the signature of the Grand Commander
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island before
leaving Boston, was assigned to that position.
On the evening before the parade a new order
was • received from the Grand Commander of
Massachusetts and Rhode Island rescinding
the former order. • This order was so • In
definite that we were unable to determine our
position In the parade. On arriving at th«
place of formation It was discovered that the
commandery escorting the Grand Commandery
of ¦ Massachusetts and Rhode Island to its
place In line had been assigned by the Grand
Commander of Massachusetts and Rhode Isl
and to a position on the right of Boston Com
mandery. ¦ .
Considering this i an injustice and in direct
opposition to the general orders as quoted and
also to those Issued by. the Grand Commander
of Massachusetts and" Rhode Island before
leaving Boston, . our - commandery declined to
parade and returned to its quarters at the
St. Francis Hotel.
; The noticeable absence of Boston
Commandery from -the parade caused
considerable comment and no small
amount: of chagrin to the many ad
mirers- of the organization, who had
awaited impatiently along the line or
march for ..an opportunity ¦ to greet
the oldest and for many years the
largest' commandery in the United
States. .The failure of the command*
ery^tp appear in the interesting / pa
geant was due to the order of. parade,
which placed the commandery in . an
objectionable position. At an early
hour the Vcommandery reported to its
division commander, where . It was
learned that De Molay Commandery
had been given the place of honor in
the Massachusetts section, a posi
tion which, by reason . of ¦ its seniority,
Boston Commandery claimed for , it
self.- In fact, it had previously been
assured the place/but the orders for
formation had been changed later,
by the '.Grand Commandery y .of
Massachusetts. When the Boston
Commandery " reached its position
in. the line -and \ learned .that, it
was to have a place- other than the
one it had been promised, its com
mander ordered the Knights back to
the St. Francis Hotel, where a meet
ing was held and the members of the
commandery unanimously indorsed
the stand taken by their leader. In
discussing the . matter ' later in the
Qay Commander Rinaldo Richardson
said:
¦ Boston Commandery declined to parade : to
day for the following: reasons:
• Article 4 of parade . orders No. 4. Issued by
the commander of the parade under date of
July 20, 1004, reads as follows: .
"Commanderies, grand and subordinate,
will be formed. In 'grand divisions according
to Jurisdiction and < take ¦ rank by date of
charter." . - . •
Rank and File Stand by the
Decision of Their
Commander.
Failure to Get Right of Line
Causes Old Lodge to
Leave Parade. .
BOSTON I ANS'
ABSENCE IS
REMARKED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALEv WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
TEMPLARS
PREPARED TO
AID INJURED
Prpminent.Wpfkers in Behalf of the. Commandery Carry
Out Excellent Programme of Entertainment for Guests
an<J Uphold -Record of Order for Liberal .Hospitality
SANTA BARBARANS RECEIVE
FRIENDS AT THE VENDOME
Joseph Leath of Coeur de Lion Commandery Is Stricken
With Heart Disease While Relieving an Exhausted
Comrade, and Morris SimonorY is Thrown From Horse
ONE KNIGHT DEAD, ANOTHER
SUFFERS SERIOUS INJURY
FEATURES AND INCIDENTS THAT SERVE TO INTEREST GREAT GATHERING
2
JNO. J. FUI/TOX. CO.
, TO THE
Knights
Templar
OF THE WORLD.
If there is any truth in this world
it finds its purest expression in the
relations that exist' between brother
Masons. m •
When a Mason in distress seeks a
brother Mason for his confidence and
advice that moment the prejudices
and ethics of the professional and
commercial worlds are blotted out
and truth comes as near being crys-
tallized into substance as human re-
lations permit.
- Now to the point. There are tens
of thousands of Masons in the United
States, and the homes of many are
clouded by the presence of Bright's
disease and diabetes.
We make to you the solemn, an-
nouncement that the cure for these
hitherto fatal diseases has positively
been discovered in this city. And
we come to you with the proof tha*
you yourselves would ask. Tbt ' re-
coveries in this- city run into 'hun-
dreds and record the names of three
thirty-third degree Masons, one of
whom recovered himself, and two
others had members of their own
families saved, and this, too, after
medical science had seemingly* been
exhausted.
It is Masonic to do good. You
know some to whoA this informa-
tion would be literally a Godsend.
In their interest, in the interest of
suffering thousands all over the Unit-
ed States, in the interest of humanity,
we are permitted to give you the.
names of these of your^ brethren into
whose homes happiness* has been car-
ried by the restoration of loved ones
when all hope was gone, and who,
knowing the truth, will tell you.
¦ know how to approach each
other to get the. eternal truth.
Faithfully yours,
THE JOHN J. FULTOX CO.,
400 Washington St., . San Francisco.
. Full literature concerning the Ful-
ton Compounds and list of agents
sent by mail to any address. About
87 per cent of all cases either entirely
i recover or progress on favorably in-PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 6. — Public
gambling of all kinds must stop at
once and for all, according to the au
thorized declarations of District At
torney John Manning and Sheriff Tom
Worn. The pale of the law will be
construed to encompass every species
of gambling from faro to card ma
chines on the counters of cigar stores.
District Attorney Manning declares
that if one game is to stop the rule
must be made to extend to every form
cf gaming involving the element of
chance, and his declaration goes to the
point where he says he will enforce
the gambling statutes to the letter."
District Attorney and Sheriff Organize
a Campaim to Stop Games
of Chance. .
PLANNING TO SUPPRESS
GAMBLING IN PORTLAND
The Earl "of- Euston, accompanied by
delegates . to the > Grand Encampment
of the; United States, attended the re
ception | of the , California . Commandery
at the Mechanics' Pavilion last night.
, The Earl and his party arrived at the
pavilion.; about .9:30 and were, taken
to* tne headquarters of the California
Commandery. Grand Master 'Stoddaril
was 'introduced to the Knights and
ladies of the California' Commandery
by Generalissimo ¦Westfall of this com
mandery.' Then Sir Knight : Stoddard
introduced- the -Earl , of < Euston' in a
general way, after which he-was intro
duced to each 'individual' Sir. Knight
and lady •; of ; the. California • Command
ery. ¦".-,, ¦ •• . • - -
- The Earl then made - a -few ' remarks
Makes Few Remarks at Headquarter*
of .California Knights.
EARL OF EUSTON -AT -.RECEPTION.
PRUNES FOR VISITORS.
San Jose Commandery Receives !»¦•*
Miniature Garden City.
* Come and have , some of our Cafrs
fornia Prunes." was the greeting 'giyed
by the Sir Knights of San Jose Com
mandery Xo. 10 at Mechanics' Pavilion
last night. Thousands accepted the In
vitation.
The commandery headquarters were
literally packed, but the supply held
out. Eminent Commander W. G. Alex
ander was a busy man. Every visitor
to the pavilion tarried awhile at ths
headquarters of San Jose.
The term "Garden City" Is more than
justified in the decorations of the San
Jose section of the pavilion. Flowers
and potted plants tastefully arranged
make th© booth look like a part of the
city from which the San Jose Com
mandery has journeyed.
Amone the visitors to this miniature
San Jose -..-er^ the Napa Commandery's
delegation, the Nevada City.Command
ery. the Virginia Conmandery. the
Watsonville Commandery and , Sir
Knights from all over the nation.
Open house was the order and It was
obeyed to the letter. The prune table
was surrounded by a dense, throng 1 dur
ing the entire evenlnr-
Recently smoke from smelting
6t.-<ks has been treated by a sacking
piocess. by which it is run through a
cooler and then strained through light
Cfccvms, which saves grold. silver.'cop
per, lead and other minerals that have
heretofore been floating away on the
breezf to lodge in the hillsides round
ahnut. The product thus gathered is
shaken down occasionally and cleaned
up. the cleanup from the first month's
operation realizing $24,000 to the
company. The smoke from roasting
furnaces, mostly sulnhur and arsenic
f?!nr>F. is now under consideration by
the smeller management.
TACOMA. Wash.. SepL 6. — The 7a
coma Fmelter, controlled by D. O.
Mills and associates, is making $24,000
per month by saving- precious metals
tWat have heretofore been carried
away in smoke from its furnaces.
Taconia Snieltrr Adopts Plan by
. \\ hirli Fortunes Arc Kept
From *Wastc.
HARNESS THE SMOKE
AND SAVE THOUSANDS
' Session of Gtr.ivl. ? Enca6ipnicnt, Golden Gate Hall. .
Competitive drill • and' presentation of prizes, bnsobnll grounds,". G:>itltti ; Gait- l'-rk, JO o'clock. No
tickets are ' required to witness tile drill or distribution of prizes. •" ; H'F'l.
.. A 'Bay '"excursions:- steamers Oakland and, Tamalpais lca\c foot of .MnHvCf street 9: 15 -o'clock.
'•Excursions to CHIT. House, Sutro Heights, Golden Gate Park and ocean bcnch'all day. v ¦•.«.
._»... Entertainment. by. .Red. Bluff Commandery No. 1§ at United States Hotel,'? 123 Eddy street,. 10 o'clock
to 12. .. ' .. ' ., .- ¦ ' ' . . :• \' , ¦ !; '¦•¦' ¦•*-.¦; i •'i:'V'-* .*?'}¦ , . ''
* .. Srs'sion.'of Grand Encampment." Golden Gate'ITnll. '.;.:' * "¦'; " "
¦ .Reception and' entertainment by ladles' committee, -Palace-: Hotel. [¦ V; >y -,%••
Bay excursions; steamers OnMand, Tamalpais San Pedro "leave, foot of 'Market street 1* o'clock'.
, • Ladies', reception, ' under /auspices of California Commandery Xd; 1, ,'in Mccfinnics' Pavilion, 'from 2
to - o'clock. .'. •,'I : o' i ,'; : .">;.! ¦ ¦': ..' - " ; >*';'' Y ¦ . ';>- .. ;.'.'-' •••"—¦• • ;•'
Reception by Oakland.Commaiidcry Xp. ' 1 1 Jat Native, Sons' Hall, 414 --Jlasoii' street.
! Reception;, by Golden iGatcConiniandcry. S'o.lCat Golden Gate- Hall.; "•: c*'.- v
' 'Entertainment by. Red Bluff Commnndcry No. 18 at United • istatcs Hotel,.^. 1 23 / Etldy street, ,2 to 5
O'clock. ¦'' .-¦.¦• '¦. ...... . ¦ \. . ; ¦ "-;:'¦'¦ >"*"'.' '/ ' '-''\', '*..'"¦ .¦'.,. ¦¦¦'¦¦:•'¦' -; '
', Reception; by Woodland Commandery. No. _ 21 at parlors of -Windsor Hotel,* Fifth and Market streets,
10 a. m. .to_'4 p.'m. .'- •¦-.,-. ¦¦-''• ;;¦ ;:^ ; .\ ; *•¦ ' . ¦ ' -..' •, ]¦,:¦¦' '¦¦'< " >•_ • , ¦> '.;•:' -.--* l , "¦"•¦' ;
¦ . '• Reception ' by' Fresno Commnndcry. No. 29; Pythian Castle,' 909 rMari:ct"strcct.
Banquet"-. to .the Grand <• EncnAipmcht ]of ."the United' States and'^ representatives from Great Britain
and the British dependencies at'. the* St; Francis Hotel, .comer- Geary- and Powell' streets. //
. Promenade concert in the navc;of 'the, ferry building: from '•,&!. iuitH'-J2 .o'clock. \
Chinese play at the Grand .'Opera-house, 5, to 10:15; o'clock. : , ¦,¦ '\ ¦ '; ',.* :';'."
¦ Ladies'; reception ''.at, "tlic^ Palace Hotel; special ladies'. night. \- ¦¦[•:¦¦¦ > - . • • > . ~
California • Commandery night; reception", c'xhlhitlon) drill ? niidi grand , ball - in Mechanics' P:niIianV. 0
o'clock.- '"; -• .•' ¦•'¦ ¦ •¦ : {'.¦ •'-. .' . ¦ .--.v'/:;- :.'"'., '.' .' / .',;/;'.-' j :^T .-".''I ' ' '¦'¦'¦' '-' '"'- ¦
Reception by Commnhdcry "of Ohio, I vvliich' vvill* tender .areccptian to the most eminent grand
master of , the.. United States "and rci;rescntatiycs ,br GrehV'Britain 'and -.the British dependencies , and to the
members of. the "*Grand"* Encampment or tlic -United' _ States" af "the '-/Maple room of the Palace'-; Hotel from 7
Reception by Oroville Commandery No.^5 nt- Mechanics' 'Pavilion. >
. Reception by - Nevada Commandery; No;. Oat McciianicsVipaviiion. . . . .
. -Reception, by Marysvillc i /Commandery; Na.'.Tlat'Mecyanira'vPaviHon. . _ ; . . , .
Reception and ball by: Stockton 'icommondery No.' 8at?Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy *tiLct. -
'.. Reception '^by,;^ Oakland {Comiiiaridery^No.'ll/at'Native.Sons'iHall/'. 114-Masomstreci. ;-j
,: • Reception ;by; Golden^ Gate' Commandery;No.; v lG 'at Golden 'Gate \Hnli. \ ' .. \',
Reception .by /Naval' Conmiandei^'No.»19;at : Lyric"Hall,*tli9fEddy-sU'ecti
'Reception by i^*snoC6mmandei^\.No.- 29
. Open air. concert^ in Union , square, Geary, Stockton, --Postfand- Powell streets,' from 8 until 11 o'clock.
OFFICIAL PROGRAMME OF EVENTS FOR TO-DAY
John -- W.. Heidt J. A: Snook. Henry
Ascroft, Colonel. W. E. Edwards, E. C.
Landers. and Sir Knight Loop. The
ladies" reception committee consists of
Mrs. W. K. Knowles, Mrs. E. H. Hart,
Mrs. W.. Pettes, Mrs. J. W. Heidt. Mrs.
Frances Farrier, Mrs. Miller. Mrs. B. M.
Newcomb.and'Mrs. Charles W. Doug
lass." . /- • ¦
The decorations were very elaborate
and -reflect great credit on the commit
tee in charge. The lofty arches are
studded with' incandescent lights in
various colors. For the central decora
tions 110 palm trees'and yard upon yard
of green festoons were used.
The concerts are managed by William
K. Pettes, assisted by W. C. Campbell,
The great nave of the Ferry build
ing last nisht was aglow with colored
lights and the length of its center<was
a row of palm trees joined by green
festoons. At each end, concealed be
hind a screen of semi-tropical plants,
a band discoursed music. The first of
the series of promenade concsrts was
given and artistically it was a success.
These concerts will take place nightly,
but last night, owing to the heat and
the- fatigue from • the parade, the at
tendance was not so large as It might
have been'. ' ¦ >. '
p. Snider Johnson, vocalist; Mrs. El3a
von Grofe, 'cellist.
All Knights Templar and ' their
friendsand all friends of the university
in general will be welcome at the con
cert. It will begin at 4 o'clock. There
will be no charge for admission. The
programme will be as follows:
Hungarian. Dance ., Brahms
University of ' California Orchestra.
The Slnfcer's March Werner
University of California Glee Club.
Sons. "A California Night ' Sons" Stewart
, / - Mrs U. Snider-Johnson.
• (Violoncello cblijtato. Mme. Elsa von Grof«.)
• Song, "Vulcan'si Song" T -¦ Gouaod
: • Thomas Rickard.
Violoncello eolo »a> -Simple Aveu" Thome
(b) '-Berceuse" GodarJ
Mire. Elsa von , Grof«.
Part Songs (a) "Sereriade" Schubert
tb) "My Love Sleeps" Lyr.e»
University of California Glee Cluh.
Selections from '"Faust"* Gounod
University of California Orchestra.
Vatican Authorities Consider This an
Answer to Premier Combes'
Speech.
ROME. Sept. 6. — In a private audi
ence with the Pope to-day Mgr. Le
Nordze resigned the bishopric of Di
jon. The Vatican authorities consider
this an answer to the speech pf Pre
mier Coombes at Auxerre on Sunday
last.
The resignation of Bishop Le Nordze
and of Mgr. Geay demonstrate, as far
as the Vatican authorities are con
cerned, that all the clergy of France,
even the members who have hereto
fore been considered as wavering, side
with the Pope in the present conflict.
It was the summoning to Rome' of
the Bishop of Dijon and the Bishop of
Laval 'by the Vatican for trial, without
consulting the French Government,
which led to the rupture of relations
between France and the Vatican.
POPE HOLDS RESIGNATION
OF THE BISHOP OF DIJON
The parishioners of the Mpsf Holy
Redeemer Church will hold their
third annual picnic and outing at
Schuetzcn , Park on Admission - day.
An attractive programme has been
arranged. There will be athletic
games and many other features -to
give pleasure to those who attend.
The pastor. Father McQualde, is In
the Orient for his health, but the par
ishioners are showing great interest
in the event; The committee in charge
of the a??a!r"are: General committee:
Peter Flood, George Powelson,' Dr.
Charles McGettigan. Dr. Thomas Sul
livan, S. V. Costello, William A.
Lynch, Thomas Higginsi, James Hove,
Anthony Qjiinn, James Fay. Charles
TuIIy. John Fogarty and George
Meagher. Games committee: James
Hove.. Edward McGettigan, Frank
Costello and Timothy Connell.
Floor committee: George ' Powelson.
John -Fogarty, Charles Higglns ' and
Charles Tully.
Will. Picnic at Schuctzen Park.
Ferry Building Is
the Scene of
Concert.
SCENE AT OPENING OF GRAND
ENCAMPMENT AND DISTIN
GUISHED MASON PRESENT. '.
I The reception began at S o'clock and
so far as -the guests of . honor and our
illustrious visitor were concerned, it
ended' at < 9:30 o'clock,- when the '• en
tire- party were driven out to the Me
chanics'—Pavilion, where they visited
the different commanderies installed
'•The reception tendered to Grand Mas
ter Stoddard at the Palace Hotel last
evening '.was a magnificent affair in
every way. It was held In the main
parlors on the second floor. The grand
master'; stood in the north wing to- re
ceive ' his , guests. Immediately on his
left was. the Earl of Euston. Next came
the '.'suite of the distinguished visitor.
Then' came George M. Moultoh and
wife, Sir' II. W. Rugg, Mrs. C. Saun
ders, AV'E. Chase and wife, F. W.
Thomas and ,wife. Colonel A. McArthur.
W. Price and wife and R. Strong. The
Sir Knights in the party were dressed
in their uniforms with full regalia. The
EaiTw'as in evening dress adorned, with
a badge of the efflce of the order he
represents! The ladies of _the party
were' superbly gowned and carried
magnificent bouquets of beautiful
roses:' ' .' ' : ¦
The Apollo, Commandery. JS'o. 1, of
Chicago, extends invitations to
Knights and their, ladies of the va
rious commandeHes to visit their
headquarters at 1230 Pine street t.o
nisrht. Reception , and open house
will be. kept, and. guests "will -be as
sured of n. cordial welcome.
Secretaries. L. Lent of the execu
tive committee of the Jvnights Tem
plar hni sent out a request that all
those in the city who' have \ flag-poles
display appropriate flags . thereon dur
ing the week of the conclave.
Request Sent Out From - Templar
Headquarters. t . ¦ .' • .
The short speech of the grand mas
ter touching upon the work of the en
campment for the next three days was
listened to attentively. The reports of
the officers on the current events of
the week and also upon the work of
the last three years were received and
referred to the committees.
The first meeting of the Grand En
campment then adjourned to meet
again this mornins.at 10 o'clock. The
officers were cscortrd to their respec
tive headquarters by -the Knights of
Golden Gate Commandery.
¦ . ¦*— i
DESIRE. FLAGS DISPLAYED.
With dignified ceremonies and im
pressive entry into Golden Gate Hall,
the grand. master and high officers of
the Knights Templar opened the pre
liminary meeting of the Grand En
campment. As invited guests came the
grand master of the priory of England,
Ireland and Wales and the hisrh offi
cers, in the imposing uniforms of 'the
English branch of the order.
In the beautifully decorated hall,
done in Oriental tapestries and elabor
ate furnishings, the officers of the
Grand Ertcampment, after leavins: their
carriages, were entertained at an in
formal dinner given by California
Commandery No. 1, at which the Earl
of Euston and the English officers were
the cuests of honor.
At about 4 o'clock the banquet was
finished and the' members .of the-en
campment proceeded to the deliberative
functions of the opening afternoon.
The opening address of welcome was
delivered by Governor Pardee of Cali
fornia on behalf of the Knights of the
State, who was followed in a few short
sentences by Mayor Schmitz on be
half of the . Knights of the city of San
Francisco. The Earl of - Euston was
made a welcome guest at the deliber
ations of the encampment.
The routine • work of the first after
noon consisted of appointing commit
tees to handle the many- perplexing
questions before the body. Among these
will be the question of the successor
to the grand master for the next en
suing three rears, it is not certain
that Deputy Grand Master George F.
Moulton of Chicago will be nominated
for the office of grand master of
Knights Templar this afternoon, but
he will be nominated and elected before
the conclave adjourns. "\> "<.
Programme of the' Entertainment to
Kef.' <*ivcn at -State University.
BERKELEY, Sept.. 6.— -The concert
U» be'-glyem by., students • of the Uni
versity,, of, California . . in . the Greek
Theater' on Thursday afternoon. Sep
tember : 8, *iii. "honor of : the Knights
Templar, -has- been included among the
official events of, the conclave and it is
expected there- will be a'great attend
ance of Templar- from all
parts' of the •¦country.'!'--- 1
Dr. HV H.'- Stewart of San Francisco,
director of the University of California
Glee* Olub," has;arranged * an attractive
programme-fof the -concert." The Uni
versity* Glee Club; the university or
chestra'and several soloists will par
ticipate.' ¦-"-The-sololsts will" be Thomas
Rickardi-the .-Mayor- of : Berkeley;' Mrs. 1
Los Angeles Commandery No. 9 held
forth in a. blaze of glory In the Maple
and Marble. rooms at the Palace last
evening.. The unbounded' hospitality
of Southern California was here tre
mendously in % evidence. -The rooms
were, superbly. embellished with troD
ical plants, growing orange trees, and
gi'eaV clusters of fragrant orange blos
soms.. .-Under a canopy, of fragrant
flowers- a string orchestra; discoursed
soft dujc'et music. . The guests were re
ceived by Eminent Commander John
A. KingsleyV'Slf ~ Leon \V" Youngworth.
chairman df the entertaining commit
tee; FVmr" Parker, generalissimo, and
Perry Weigner, -captain general. They
were assisted", in .. receiving by Drill
Corps.; Np.- 1:- .General JR. . Wankowski.
commander of , corps: J. H." Nightingale.
Tuffs -Eldredge "and George Fitch, to
gether with-twenty-five members of the
drill corps."; • : t
Durjngi this.; reception; beautiful sou
venirs", in ¦ ; shape- of handsome
pamphlets', ivere. presented to every
guest.' : Efght Thousand miniature boxes
of highiyflavoredseedless oranges were
also distributed. . It. was estimated that
18.000 -^ersons^enjored' the delights of
this recetitio'n; between the hours of 8
and 12? ;The?manner of receiving- and
taking care of % the guests was most ad
mirabjejand* the- staff of the Palace Ho
tel is *t'o;be. 'highly ' complimented upon
the manner, in 'wjiicK' they looked after
and took". care of guest a_ to' this elab
orate i and; exquisite, function.
CONCERT FOR THE KNIGHTS.
ninccnt Entertainment at Pnlacc.
Los Angeles Commandery Gives 3I«s-
THOUSANDS PAY RESPECTS.
there. ." During' the reception It was es
timated that-5090 people- called to pay
their respects to the grand .master. The
decorations were, lavish. T The walls of
the three-big: reception rooms were al
most - e*ntir.ely " hidden from view by
.masses'-bf- tropical foliage. In the room
where-\."*the> reception was held there
was, a great mass of fragrant tiger
lilies, . while :the. side walls were em
bellished 'wjth hop vines. In the main
recentfon-room ' the floral display was
such a«iorily -the wealth or the Golden
State 'clan offer. • - v
The,-, entire, place looked like a gor
geous conservatory. Every kind of
ilower' was in evidence. The magnifi
cence* of, the display even amazed the
Califorr.iEtns; " The great clusters of
American Beauty roses that were
everywhere apparent drew admiration
on all sides." A band of music played
during the entire reception. In the
south 'reception room, which was also
superbly decorated, delicious refresh
ments" "Were served. Although the re
ception proper erded with the de
parture of the chief guest, crowds or
people 'poured through the rooms until
long after midnight. Evening dress
was distinctly the rule. The Knights
were all In uniform, while the visiting
ladies were all robed in beautiful ball
dresses.' . The display of diamonds and
magnificent jewels was particularly
noticeable. •
In which he thanked the grand master
of California and all other members
of "the commandery for - the courteous
treatment he had r--cived. and- the
manner in' which' tb« conclave had been
conducted. He said, he would leave
California -wfth respect- and esteem for
her people.
After finishing "his: remarks he made
a tour of the pavilion, visiting the dif
ferent booths and making friends with
the multitude that, packed the spacious
building. He was then escorted to his
carriage and driven to the Hotel Se
quoia. ' ..-- . 1 ,
Masonic Dignitary Is the Guest of
Honor at a Big Reception.
High Body of Order Holds Prelim
inary Session of Conclave.
CHICAGO Sept. 6. — Whether the
stockyards strike is to be called oft or
continued indefinitely will not be
known until to-morrow morning, when
the result of the referendum vote on
the proposition, begun to-day by the
unions involved in the difficulty, will
ba made public by President Donnelly
of the Butchers'. Union. The greatest
secrecy is being maintained by the of
ficers of the different unions as to the
outcome of the vote, which, is being^
taken by secret ballot.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa. Sept. 6. — Three
hundred strikers met in Labor Temple
to-day and took a referendum vote on
the proposition made by the packers.
It is unofficially reported that by a
majority of ten the vote was favorable
to returning to work on the terms of
fered by the employers.
Referendum Balloting by Butchers*
Union May Restore Peace In
Stockyards.
VOTING ON QUESTION"
OF ENDING THE STRIKE
As to Miss St. Julian's antecedents
the police know nothing, but here she
has been leading a. dual life. Others
may be implicated in the theft, but
with the recovery of the ~oods the case
will be dropped.
The detectives found Miss St. Julian,
alias Mrs. Smith, conducting a mani
curing establishment at Hotel Nor
mandip and Pearl Morton identified her
as her former seamstress who had sold
her the goods. When Miss St. Julian
was taken into custody she did not
weep or become hysterical, but instead
put on a bold front, threatening civil
suits for damages. She was finally in
duced to remember that she had sold
certain valuables to the Morton
woman, but asserted that she had pur
chased them from a negress whose
name she rould not remember. She
finally admitted having sold other por
tions of the Vanderleck property at
other housr* of doubtful character and
from such places the police have re
covered practically all of the stolen
property.
Late Sunday night Pearl Morton, a
woman of the half world, telephoned
to detectives that she thought she had
a oortion of Mrs. Vanderleck's goods.
Fhe stated that she had purchased
them some time ago from a woman
who called herself "Mrs. Stella Smith,"
end who had been employed by her
as a seamstress. She did not know
v here this woman was. but she was
billing to surrender the goods if they
« ould be identified, -tie showed the
<1rtectives among other things two ex
au-isite lace fans carved in mother of
fiiarl wortli $250, an elaborately flow
cied ?i!k shawl of Oriental workman
ship worth $300, a Mexican rebosa
valued at $150 and a number of very
rar* and expensive lace handkerchiefs.
Mrs. Vandorleck identified the prop
erty.
In the female ward of the City Jail
is pretty Miss Josephine St. Julian, a
striking: brunette, well educated, much
traveled and seemingly a cultured
woman. If she did not steal the
treasures she knows who did, for she
told them, and because of the sales she
was taken into custody. She will not
be prosecuted, however, for if the case
reached the coerts it trotil-i be certain
to be productive of an ugly scandal
v hich might involve other persons.
In order to prevent such a scandal
end at the request of the owner of the
stolen property, the Police Department
has made every effort to keep secret
the fact of the arrest and the recovery
<'f the goods. They have even denied
that such an arrest had been made,
but finally admitted it.
To-morrow Miss St. Julian will be
taken quietly to a depot, her ticket
purchased and she will be sent to some
destination which will not be made
Xiublic.
More than six months ago Mrs. Van
dericck, before going out of the city
fur half a year, leased her fine home
furnished to Mrs. C. A. Toy, a wealthy
lady who had recently come from Chi
ta po. With Mrs. Toy, in the capacity
of governess to her two children, came
Miss St. Julian. In a garret of the
house which had been reserved for
pturape purposes, Mrs. Vanderleck
placed two large trunks containing the
valuable heirlooms. She again took
possession of her house June 1, but for
nearly three months thereafter she did
not have occasion to examine the
trunks. Then she discovered that her
priceless valuables had been stolen and
th^ theft was immediately reported to
the detectives.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 6.— The mys
tery surrounding the theft from the
palatial home of Mrs. Henry Vander
leck. a few days ago. of family heir
looms valued at many thousands of
dollars, which had descended to her
from ancestors who were among the
most prominent Spanish families in the
State before American occupation, has
been dispelled.
Special Dlepatch to The CalL
Reports from Paraguay state that
the revolutionists there are holdintr
their own. President Wicurra has made
proposals for a settlement, but the
rebels insist upon his resignation..
The Government troops sent from A|
cuncion have been defeated and the rev
olutionists are preparing to attack the
city.
Special Cable to The ' Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
BUENOS ATRES, Argentina. Sept.
6.— Two thousand men were killed and
four thousand - wounded In a battle
lasting three days between the Uru
guayan Government, forces and the
revolutionists. General Vasquez. the
Minister of War, who led the Govern
ment troops, was defeated and he has
retreated, abandoning his arms and
munitions.
While General Vazquez recently re
ported to the Government that he had
won an important victory over the rev
olutionists, it seems from later news
received from the field that his own
forces were routed.
- In the recent battle the revolutionists
were driven back and General Vazauez.
while pressing his victory, was sudden
ly, met with stubborn resistance. The
rebels reassembled their scattered
forces and engaged the Government
troops. For three days the battle
raged, with terrible losses on both
sides. Gradually the rebels drove Vaz
quez back. According to the last re
ports the Minister of War was in full
retreat.
Police Attempt to Suppress
Facts Because of the Pos
sibility That Prominent
Persons Might Be Involved
Army Sent From Ascuncion
Meets Defeat and Revo
lutionists Are Preparing to
Make Attack on the Capital
FAIR PRISONER WILL
NOT BE PROSECUTED
TWO THOUSAND MEX
ife". KILLED IN BATTLE
Mysterious Disappearance
of Family Treasures Is
Cleared Up When Young
Woman Is Landed in Jail
Rebels Force the Government
v Troops to Retreat and
•I Abandon Arms at End ,of
Fight That Lasted for Days
GOVERNESS
ARRESTED
FOR THEFT
URUGUAYAN
INSURGENTS
VICTORIOUS
DIGNIFIED CEREMONIES ATTEND THE OPENING OF GRAND ENCAMPMENT
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
3The total cost of the armored
cruiser South Dakota, recently launch
ed at San Francisco, was $5,000,000.
Colonel Bradbury; has a long and
creditable record- in connection with
the State militia. Beginning as a musi
cian, he worked up. through the
grades .of private, corporal, sergeant,
lieutenant and captain, then went to
the Philippines as an aid oh the staff
of Brigadier General Otis and for
some time has served as assistant ad
jutant general on the staff of General
Winowski at Los Angeles. His ap
pointment as General Lauck's assist
ant IS favorably regarded by National
Guardsmen. " "
Adjutant .General J. B.. Lauck of
the California National Guard yester
day announced that he had appointed
Colone} A. W. Bradbury of Lob Ange
les assistant adjutant general in place
of Colonel Xewton S. Bangham, who
died August 21.
Is Appointed Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral, N. G. C, Vice the late
Colonel Bansliam. • -''-
i In closing/ Secretary Shaw.congratu
lated the students "again. ¦ This As the
best world' that»has ever beenknown,
he' said, and it ; offers . all. the
of brain and ".brawn \ and * industry . and
self-reliance. • <
.' " President -Wheeler • and Collector of
Port Frederick . B. iStratton \ sat : - on . the
platform with \ Secretary. Shaw. * In in
troducing' him /President \Wheeler- re
ferred" to vthe "gentleman -who - sits in
Washington and aupeririteri'ls the mak
ing of our dollars, a man. of clear brain,
high courage; and true patriotism. _' In
closing, the ¦ meeting. Mr. "Wheeler said
that the Secretary 1 * advice^ was "on a
pure . gold basis."-... . L .. ~L.;_H.-- .—.„..
Dr. Wheeler nere, It you could convince the
Board of Regents that you could 'do the work
better than he does. But I doubt If you could
get the doctor out. I
Next to industry is self-reliance. In this
quality most of us are weak. By self-reliance
I don't mean self-conceit. There Is a story of
I a boy I used to read that Illustrates my point.
1 The boy was crossing a swollen stream on a
horse and he thought he was about to drown.
When he cried out to his father on the oppo
site bank . that he. would drown the parent
yell: "No; you're not going to drown; if you
do I'll lick you within an Inch of your life."
If you would succeed in the world you must
rely on your self-reliance..
. I grant you that the competition is keener
than it used to be. j I won't say that the tar
get is any smaller, but ; the bullseye Is. But
the target is still big enough for you to hit it
and you can do it If you make-up your mind.
You must have aim for your .. goal, a high
standard of excellence. -The standard of excel
lence in Iowa was established • In : horse ¦, racing
a long time ago. It began with a race on the
prairie between two farmers' horses. Now,
the order cf things has been' changed and the
results are better. The owner, of Axtel knew
that ¦• the grtat horse had a > noble ancestry —
you want to be 'careful about -that — but the
horse did not do his best until his owner tried
out three or four trainers, and .then tried the
whip himself- It needed only theowner's whip
to stir the blood in the great animal to make
him famous. ... : : -'
COIjONEL BRADBURY
OBTAINS PROMOTION
• . Tuesday, September, 6.
Stmr . Breakwater,' Seaman. 33 hours from
Coos Bay. ¦¦-¦:
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 83 hours from Seattle.
' Sehr Alpha, Jencen, 7 days from Grays Har-
SAILED.* ,
Hg^Ps?: Tuesday, September 6.
Stmr Natlonal'City, Walvlg. for ¦" *' .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Sept O— Schr
C. S. Holmes, from Guaymae; schr Wilbert L.
Smith, from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 6 — Br stmr Quito, for Japan.
. SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Texan,
from New York; schr No\'elty. from Coos Bay.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Oregon,
from Nome. .
ISIAND PORTS.
' HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Korea, for
San Francisco; stmr Manchuria, for Yokohama
and Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr. Hohen-
Eollern, from Genoa and Naples. • .
Salted Sept 6 — Stmr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Carpathia,' for Liv
erpool: stmr Kafser 'WHhelm II, for* Bremen;
stmr Maine, for Baltimore; etmr Moltke, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;, stmr
Prince Oskar, for Genoa and Naples; stmr Bo
vie, for Liverpool. ¦ . ¦ • . -
. GLASGOW — Arrived — Stmr Astoria, from '
New York; stmr Mongolian, from , New ' Yor.k,
via Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept ft— Stmr -Rhyn
land. • from Philadelphia.
• CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Sept ft— Stmr Island,
for New -York. • ' . •
BOULOGNE — Sailed Sept. 6— Stmr Noordam,
from Rotterdam,, for New York; stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg and ' Dover, for . New York.
AUCKLAND— Arrived previously — Stmr Ven
tura, from ' San - Francisco, via Honolulu, ¦ ' for
Sydney, N. S. W.. ¦ :» ' .,
QUEENSTOWN— -Arrived Sept ft— Star Iver
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool (and ' pro
ceeded). ' •--•¦' -"."'-?•-• ¦••• " -:• • ¦ • ,
' LONDON — Arrived Sept ft— Stmr Colombian.'
from Boston. ¦ •' ¦ .,
BRISTOL— Arrived Sept ft— Stmr Moatf ort.
from Montreal, via Liverpool. . ,
IJVERPOOL— Arrived Sept *, ft— Stmr Mount
Royal, from Montreal. • .x '
Sailed Sept ft— Stmr Auranla, for -New York.
' • DOVEIU-Arrtved Sept - ,7 — Stmr Pretoria,
from New Tors, tor Hum burg (and proceeded}.
ARRIVED.
liATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MISSOULA. Mont..«6ept. 6.— J. T. Daly was
arrested near Iron Mountain . yesterday. An
examination of Daly's camping outfit disclosed
a quantity- of counterfeit sliver dollars, and
some crude appliances with which' tbe spurious
coins ' might . have been made. ' . . -
Two Miners Killed and One Seriously
Injured While at Work
In Utah. . .
.SCOFIELD, Utah, Sept. 6.— Two
men were killed and a third seriously
injured by an accident in the Winter
Quarters mines. The dead:
THOMAS BISHOP.
THOMAS HUTCHINSON.
Seriously injured: James Gentry.
The.meri were at work in the mines
when, without warning, there was a
fall of rock and Bishop and Hutchln
son were caught and their lives
crushed out. Gentry was also caught
but extricated himself.
FALL OF ROCK CRUSHES
OUT LIVES OF WORKMEN
A. D. Lemon, who lately obtained
letters of guardianship over John
Donahoe, yesterday bepan suit against
J. Franklin Bell and W. E. Birkhiraer
for the return of certain money held
in trust. The suit is a friendly one.
It is set forth that the . trustee* v are
ready and willing to make an account
ing:. From" the complaint it appears
that Donahoe was a soldier and
Lemon the commander of his regi
ment. Donahoe was addicted" t6 the
use of intoxicating liquors, and for
fear that he would lose or improperly
spend .his savings he turned over $4 60
or more to Bell. The money was de
posited by Bell in bank in trust for
the private. Later Bellas trustee de
livered a power of attorney to Birk-:
himer to look after the money and
the accumulated interest. +
Soldier Was Wise.
SCANLAN'S BODY CARED FOR.— .lamee
Thompson, sexton of St. Ignatius Church, yes
terday took charge of the body of Charles. II.
Scanlan, the Civil War veteran .who died
yesterday morning from injuries ' received on
September '1 In a streetcar accident.
ALLEGES DESERTION.— OAKLAND, Sept.
«. — Suit for divorce was begun -to-day by
Charles M.' Lindsay against Catherine Lind
say on the ground of desertion. They were
married In Holllster In 1895 and four years
later she left him. There are no children.
From Los Angeles^ — Mrs. Ashbaugh,
at the Grand Union; C. H. Stone and
wife, at the Victoria; J. Montgomery,
at the Holland, and Mrs. G> A. Stark
weather, at the Grand.
NEW YORK, Sept 6.— The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — J. Adler, at
the Hotel j Astor; C. S. Colegrove, at
the Earlington; M. J. Grammont, at
the Hoffman; J. H. Hadler, at the
Normandie; W. S. Haskins, at the
Grand; E. C. Jarvis, at the. Murray
Hill; J. Rose, at the Holland; Miss L.
Buck, at the Imperial; J. Jones, at the
York; J. A. Parrott, J. , Parrott, J.
Parrott Jr. and the Misses Parrott, at
the Albemarle, and J. Ji Pflster and
J. J. Pflster Jr., at the Hoffman. : U
Californians in New York.
WILL. SHARE IN ESTATE.— OAKLAND.
Sept. 6. — By an order made by Judge Hall
to-day Mrs. Sue Jean Croszier Hurnung was
admitted to share In the division of the prop
erty left by the -late Rebecca Crotler of
Berkeley, who died leaving an .estate valued
at about $C000. The property was left to a
brother and two sisters. Mrs. Hurnung
claimed- that her mother' believed she was
dead, as she had not heard from her in some
years. . ,
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by th»
County Clerk to-day: Arthur C. An
derson, 80. Washington, D. C, and
Marion H. Gerald, 21. Alameda; Ber
nardo Celli, 22, and Anna Pierotti, 20,
both of Oakland; Phyleamon C. Clay
ton, 32, and Sarah F. Neely, 30, both
of Los Angeles; Curt Mayer, 24, and
Milda Illgen, 22, both of Berkeley; E.
Ellsworth Briggs, 4 3. Carrick, Pa., and
G. Tola Hague, 29, Alleghany; Charles
P. Wells, over 21, and Beatrice E.
Wicke, over 18, both of Alameda;
Stephen R. Tripp, over 21. San Fran
cisco, and Elva Frances Shay, over 18,
Oakland: Walter O. Clement, over 21,
and Emily F. Macdougall, over 18,
both of San Francisco.
Marriaee Licenses.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 6. — Af
ter delaying his decision for three days
to look into suspicious circumstances
Coroner Mix in an official report has
decided that Louise Dubols took her
own life, He explains away the marks
on the. girl's throat, head and breast
by saying that they proba"bly were
caused by her being rolled over on the
shore by the waves and perhaps be
ing thrown upon the rocks. He de
clares that her lungs contained water
when her body was examined by Med
ical Examiner Barnett.
Official Says Suspicions Marks on Girl's
Throat Were Caused by Rocks
and Waves.
CORONER SAYS DUBOIS
WOMAN TOOK OWN LIFE
OAKLAND, Sept. 6. — The death of
Arthur, Skipper, the 19-year-old son
of Captain J. J. Skipper, master of
the schooner Valentia, was due to his
drinking of carbolic acid, according to
an autopsy held to-day at the Morgue.
Saturday young Skipper was found
dead in a chair at his home, 911 Sixty
third street. It was at first supposed
that nicotine poisoning caused the
young man's death, as he was an in
voterate cigarette smoker. "At the in
quest to-night Mrs. A. Stohl, Skip
per's aunt, who found the body, tes-.
tined she could give no reason why
her nephew should commit suicide.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury was
one of suicide. Skipper's father and
mother are out of the city. v.
Death W'as From Poison.
Prize Commlttee^ — F. A. Bejderman, W.Far
nurti," Thomas' I Jnton. J. Tv Sllvera, H. Shee
han, I. Schwartz and D. Wolfe. *
Floor Committed — H. Sheehan (manager),
F. E. Hankell, T. P. Lydon. J. Lynch, J. F.
Stewart, D. Green, E. M. Cofley. G. E. Ru
perieh. J. T. Pickett. M. D. Evans, H. Olsvn,
W. Farnham. J. W. Relnfeld, B. Rickey and
G. J. Grinnell. -
Officers of tbe association — B. I. Salomon,
president; J» R. Price, first vice president;
E. J. Brandon', second vice president; George
Varcoe. treasurer; E. M. Coffey, recording
secretary; X. E. Maison, financial secretary,
and D. Kt-ardon. sergeant at arms.
Committee of arrangement's— B. I. Salomon,
chairman; F. RIttlgstHn, secretary, and George
Vareoe. treasurer. . - j \ . . ¦
PI Dance Committee — George Varcoe, Ed M.
Con>y and X. E. Maison. ¦'
Press Committee — J. H. Zeroansky,* J. R;
Price. I. Sbawartz and N..E. Maison. -
The management is in charge of the
following named gentlemen,- all of
whom are employed in the civil ser
vice of. the Government:
Uusic Committee — I. L,. Bevena. S. H. Rich
ards, T. J. Farrell and W. H. Firebaugh.
Printing Committee — T. J. Farrell. F. EX
HaEkell. F. Rittigsteln and H. Sheehan.
Games Committee — E. J. Brandon, R. J.
Curtin, T. J. Powers, P. R. Hennessy. O. S.
Mish, W. Jordan. F. E. Haskell, H. Hefron,
J. C. Garbaxino, D. Rlordan. T. A. Caaserly,
I. Citron, E. F\ Murphy. J. E.~ Campbell and
J. W. McCarthy- ,
A full brass band will discourse
music for those that .Indulge in danc
ing; games for both young and old
have been provided; the merchants
have donated most generously and
prizes will be distributed on the gate
as well as the games.
The second annual excursion of the
Civil Service Employes' Association
will take piace on Friday, September
9. The beautiful grounds at Camp
Taylor have been selected and a spe
cial boat has been chartered that will
leave the Sausalito ferry at 8:30 a. rh.,
returning leave Camp Taylor at 4>:30
p.m.
Arrangements Are Under Way for a
Delightful Outing at Camp
Taflor.
General MacArthur suggests -that
legislative authority be obtained to
classify as mounted officers all captains
of infantry and artillery not now in
the' mounted category. He says that
the exigencies of modern field work re
quire so much from a captain of In
fantry that he cannot possibly dis
charge his duties if he has to drag bis
body through the exhausting efforts of
a long march, as after such a strain
he is physically incapacitated for super
vising the attack' formations In ex
tended order for a service company of
.100 or more. Therefore, precisely at a
moment when his professional skill is
most needed he Is least effective.
This arrangement would mean a total
Increase In' pay for the 520 officers af
fected of about $38,000.
General MacArthur says that "great
success attended the joint camp maneu
vers and field instruction instituted • in
th» Department of the Columbia during
the month of July." j >' *
> He closes his report by saying that
It is pleasant to report a considerable
decrease in the number of desertiong
during the year just closed as com
pared with the preceding year.
General MacArthur says the concen
tration of political and economical In
terests in the Pacific Ocean has enor
mously increased the military import
ance of that side of the continent and
the continued rapid progress of events
suggests the expediency of an early en
largement of military facilities to meet
the growing necessities of the Pacific
Coast. He recommends that a new post
for a full regiment of infantry be es
tablished in the vicinity of Los Angeles
and a post for a full regiment of cav
alry at a suitable site in the Willamette
Valley, in Oregon. This last recom
mendation Is made with a view to a
full regiment of cavalry being divided
between the Presidio and Ord barracks
and another regiment, of cavalry at the
post above mentioned, raakintr two. full
cavalry regiments for the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, Sept. «.— In addition
to making his report on the Depart
ment of California, wliich has been
published. General Arthur MacArthur
also has made a report to the War De
partment for the Pacific division, which
embraces the departments of California
and the Columbia.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6. — Mrs. Bridget
\voods, mother of the late "Johnny"
Woods, the jockey, was found dying
in a lot at Third and Union streets
this morning by Deputy Poundmen
Willis and Smith. They removed the
woman to her residence, 654 Magnolia
streets. Drs. Rinehart and J. M.
Kane were called, but could not re
vive Mrs. Woods, who died two hours
after she was picked up. For months
the woman has been drinking heavily.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the case. Joseph Woods, the hus
band, and a son. James Woods, are
horsemen. There are six adult chil
dren. Mrs. Woods was 4 7 5-ears old,
a native of Ireland. Exposure and
the effects of liquor caused her death.
SJother of Late Jockey 'Johnny
Woods Is Found Dying in Lot'
Near Her Home.
CIVIL' SERVICE EMPLOYES
WILL HAVE AN EXCURSION
UOSG DRINKING CAUSES'
DEATH OF A WOMAN
MORE SOLDIERS
FOR THE COAST
Edward F. Fleury, a well known
merchant of Portland, Or., accom
panied by his wife, is at the Palace.
Edgar Pelxotto goes East \o-day.
Soon after his arrival In New York
the -young Jawyer will be wedded to
Miss Malvina Nathan.
Charles G. Yale, statistician. for the
State Mining Bureau and the United
States Branch Mint, and Edward H.
Benjamin, the mining mari, leave to
night for St. Louis, where they have
been appointed members of the inter
national jury in the department of
mining and metallurgy. .
George Scofield, a carpet manufac
turer of Philadelphia, is among the
latest arrivals at the St. Francis.
' F. -K./Rule of Los Angeles is stay
ing at the Palace.: ¦¦¦>?<£ ; '. •
Dr. G. Alfred Lawrence of New
York City is at the Palace.
Dr.' and Mrs.' 'H. W. Fenner of
Tucson are staying at the Palace.
Dr. James Sullivan of Manchester,
N. H., is registered at the Palace.
Dr. F. A. Kinch and wife of West
field, N. J., are at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. 'W. Crosscors of Philadel
phia Js the guest of Joseph D. Ford,
her brother.
PERSONAL.
CHICAGO, Sept.' €.-— Charging that A.
W. Kimball of Kimball & Norton, gen
eral agents for the Northwestern. Mu
tual Life Insurance, Company* did not
fulfill, his duties of guardianship and
has failed to pay them $3294 received
from the sale of property sold twenty
years ago, Mrs. Marion Klngsley
Wright and Mrs. Cordelia Klngsley
Wern. sisters, living in Los Angeles,
Cal., have brought a suit for an ac
counting in the Circuit Court. Kim
ball* asserts he never had possession of
the money, and that it was paid to at
torneys representing the plaintiffs in
1886, thus releasing his truts.
The bill says that Kimball was ap
pointed special guardian for 4he com
plainants October 17, 1883, when Mrs.
Wright was 4 years old and her sister
9. to preserve their interests in the sale
of property belonging to the estate of
their father in Green Bay, Wis. It is
charged that he has converted the
money to his own use.
The sisters have lived in Los An
geles since their infancy, and the prop
erty in Green Bay comprised almost
the entire estate of their parents.
He Received for Their Benefit
Twenty Years A20.
Sifters Sue for Money They Claim
CHARGE FORMER GUARDIAN
WITH CHEATING THEM
A protest has gone up from the football
men against the payment of the $3 fee for the
use of the lockers and towels in the gym
nasium. The men object to wcrklng for their
college for nothing, as they term it, and pro
test that they' -are willing to rupply their own
towels if the locker is gives them free. Pro
fessor Walter J!age<?. the physical instructor,
piys that the order? of the regents are being
carried out. and that he has nothing to do but
see that they are carried out. He suggests
that th» Associated Students pay for the lock
ers.for-the football men,. and this will probably
be don*.
The first of the new course 'of lectures" on
bibliography will be given by Librarian J. C.
Rpwell at 7:30 o'clock Thursday in the art
gallery. - The course is intended for students
desiring to get a more thorough knowledge of
the use* of the library.
BERKELEY. Sept.; 6.— A visit was 'paid to
the university to-day by Emil Picard and Al
fred Glard. two distinguished French scholars
who have come to this country to study the
conditions in the universities. They are also
among those invited to epeak before the Inter
national Congress of Arts and Sciences at the
St. Lcuis Fair. The visitors were met at the
train by Professor Irving Stringbam and es
corted to the Faculty Club, where they were
entertained at luncheon.
It is Immeasurably Immaterial what you do.'
It it how you. do it. Th« fact Is that then Is
& place for everybody of. the right sort." There
are too many . attorneys and too few lawyers,
too many doctors and few physicians, too many
pettifoggers and few , teachers/ If you were
the right sort you could •aally get tta* Jsb •«•,
Well, when Grant went" to West Point the
boys took him in charge and by way of a set
ting-up exercise they bad« him look at a hole
in a wall for a long time. Grant obeyed and
learned . his first lesson In discipline. He
learned that when he was told to do something
he must continue at I*, until told to do some
thing else. .. . • :- ¦¦ ¦ , .
If you can set your mind working and. keep
it going you will succeed. I once heard of a
man who could set his mouth going and go oft
and leave It. But few , men are capable • of
doing that .with their minds. To be undla
turbed in the midst of the great activities of
life ¦ is a great thing. It Is to be master of
yourself.' If I ask you to write out the condi
tions of success you may i say industry. - It : la
true that a large part; of industry Is drudgery,
yet th* man who, is really industrious and In
terested .in. tvla work, U never conscious of the
drudgery. ¦ ¦ ¦-¦•;; '•- ¦ •• >, ' ¦¦' >¦--
Let m« give yt>u a.;ilttle advice— never work
for hire. If; yon » do f you. will never get any
'higher. If.' you ' wc*k for hire .you are con
acious that your work will cease at the end of
a . givenvtlme.'' - If . you ; work for yourself you
are , working for ¦¦ the accomplishment of some
thing and. you 'won't care about the hours. If
you want to be a good lawyer, don't take the
case for the fee. I didn't 'say not. to take the
fee,. but don't work for that alone. If you do
you'll - be disbarred * within . ten years, not by
the courts, but by the community. Tou know
there are more lawyers disbarred by th« com
munity than the courts .\V.' w 3. ; a*«i8Sa»3^«as(J»«ffl
I want to congratulate you who are getting
this education. But you must remember, that
the university is not everything. And right
here I want to say there is one difficulty with
our schools— they give" too much Information
and not enough education. . I mean by 1 that that
there is too much pouring In and not enough
drawing out. What Is needed more is mental
development — the ability to think and deduct.
' i don't know whether it was Jeffries or Fltz
slrr.mons — you : gentlemen know more about
that than I do— but one of them could bit bo
hard that he could puncture a punching bag.
Now, that was education. And if you would
•ticceed you. must educate your muscles — the
muscles of your brain, so to speak.
I always like to tell that story about Grant'a
education. Grant, you £now, although an ed
ucated man, graduated at the foot of his class.
That indicates that /the educated Than, is not'
necessarily one of attainments. I would Just
as soon trust the man at) the foot, providing
he has worked fcr what little success has
come to him, as the man at the top. The
man who works hard finally succeeds. ' The
smart fellcw is too apt to stop when he has
solved one problem. . . .
" "Being a Cabinet officer Is a mighty
important job," said Secretary Shaw,
"but it is not so important from close
by." v
• Then he went on to say that there Is
nothing in this life that has so much
charm about It as student life. There
are charms, of course, in the other
phenomena of nature, there is charm in
the growing of a babe and charm in
the aging of the old, but there is a
different kind of charm about student
life. There is something inspiring
about young men and women Iltting
themselves in one great community
for the struggle with the world.
- A commotion in the rear of the gym
nasium disturbed the Secretary and he
paused long enough to loose another
of his witticisms. He said he wanccd
everybody to be seated because he'd
rather see 100 young people come . in
than see fifty go out.
"I used to teach a school myself,"
he said, "but never an institution like
this.. I think I'd rather be at fhe head
of a great university like this than
anything else in the world. And that
follows along the, line that I have al
ready pointed out— that there Is a cer
tain charm about student life that is
indescribable. Under it you see young
men and women, as I said before, get
ting ready to meet *he 'world. Some
of you may go out and be failures and
some be successes. . But I -must say
this, that it will not be for lack of
knowledge, for^ you get all you want
here, but for the knowing or not know
ing how. He further said: • •••
BERKELEY, Sept. 6.— Leslie .M.
Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury,
knows how to tell a story. The Secre
tary's stories are all good stories and
there are many of them. But he does
not debase them to the mere story
teller's subterfuge .to raise a laugh.
His design is to illustrate the sterner
side of life and bring the point home
to his auditors. This predilection for
the story as a vehicle for illustration
the Secretary generously indulged
when he a'ddressed the student body
of the University of California this
afternoon in Harmon Gymnasium.
That he carried humor as well as con
viction was evident from the number
of times he paused, to let the applause
and laughter die out.
The very first word Secretary Shaw
said was the beginning of a story. It
concerned his /official capacity as a
Cabinet' officer* only it was on 'Grant's
Attorney-General. When the Secretary
visited his native town he tried to get
the sentiment of his old neighbors upon
his rise to statesmanship, but his fame
was of little consequence to the neigh
bors.- When he asked one of them how
they took his promotion to the exalted
office the lout replied: .
"Oh, they only laughed." ,.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Says Getting On in
the World Is Due
to Work.
The skipper of the Vauban called
upon the police to arrest the boys, re
lying upon the existing treaty between
France and the United States touching
detention of runaway sailors. Police
man Fahy overhauled the trio, this
morning. The boys surrendered but
begged the patrolmen not to. compel
them to attack beans again. Trie Vau
ban's master was notified of the cap
ture. ;. -
•Rather were the youthful mariners
willing to take a chance in a foreign
land than to return to the forecastle
and _ the wearisome pannikins of
beans.
"One could nat stand the steady diet
•f beans," declared the runaway sail
or boys, "and we decided to try to get
away from this endless bill of fare."
OAKLAND. Sept. 6. — "Beans, beans,
nothing but beans. Beans for break
fast, beans for dinner, beans for sup
per." was the plaint of Esteve Cama
rat. Alexander Camarat and Rene
Hervel, apprentices, who were arrested
to-day as deserters from "the French
bark Vauban, moored at Long wharL
Three Apprentices From. French Bark
Vauban Object to the Intermin
able Sameness of Menu.
SAILOR LADS FLKE TO
KSCAPE A BEAN' DIET
George Davis, George • Foster and
Thomas Williams were arrested last
night by Detective Bunner and placed
on the detinue book on suspicion that
they ' were pickpockets. They were
captured at the corner of Haight and
Stanyan streets. Davis was pointed
•Vmt to Bunner as a pickpocket from
Los Angeles by Detective Davis of the
same place. Thirty-five pickpocket re
ports were read off to the various
watches last night. The light-fingered
gentry have been reaping a rich har
vest by plying their trade among un
sophisticated visitors, but all save a
few have eluded capture by the police.
Plricidio G. Valencia was arrested
last night on Kearny street, near Mor
ton and booked at the City Prison
for grand larceny. Valencia was seen
to pick the pocket of H. J. Hurst of
1647 Mission street of a watch and
fob. Hurst felt in his pocket imme
diately after the touch and then '.-ailed
for the police. 'Valencia was pointed
out and locked up by Policeman Pat
O'Brien. Just before his arrest he
threw the watch on the sidewalk,
where it was afterward found.
PICKPOCKET CAUGHT IN
ACT OF ROBBING VICTIM
Burglars cleaned out M. V. Costa's
Jewelry store at 960% East Fourteenth
street last night. They left nothing
of bis stock and fixtures except a few
tools and showcases. Costa furnished
the police with a long list of Jewelry
th?* comprised the 6tock that has dis
appeared. The thieves included a num
ber of watches that had been left with
the Jeweler to be repaired.
Costa locked up his place of busi
ness last evening as usual. When he
went to the place this morning he was
astonished to find the shop sw ept clean.
The Jeweler could hardly believe his
own eyes, but it did not require a sec
ond glance go disclose tbe bare shelves
and showcases. The police responded
to the alarm that Costa gave, but all
the detectives uncovered was the mark
ef a chisel in the front window sash
where the instrument had been useJ
to pry open an entrance Into the shop.
The stock was not a large one, but
the loss falls heavily on the jeweler,
is it was • all he possessed
Oakland Offioe San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 6.
By the recent election the city of
Oakland voted to raise $960,000 for
the purpose of building new schools
and generally improving the entire
school system.
In answer to question . four, will say that
the money should be deposited in tbe county
treasury.
In answer to question three, wilt say that
the County Tax Collector shall collect the
tax.
In answer to question two, will eay that the
bond tax Is to be computed by the County
Auditor.
The county officers must handle the
funds raised by the recent Oakland
bond election, according to a decision
handed down by District Attorney
Allen to-day in answer to a query from
County Auditor Bacon as to whether
he or the City Auditor must do the
work of computing the. tax. The elec
tion was held under what is known as
the district plan and in the present in
stance a small piece of territory outside
of the city limits was included for
bonding purposes and it thus throws
the work of handling the coin and dp
ing the work on the county officers,
while the City Board of Education
spends the money.
In his answer to the Auditor's letter
Allen says:
In answer to question one, will cay that
the money is to be deposited with the County
Treasurer to the credit of -the building fund
of the Oakland School District.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 6.
BERKELEY, Sept. 6.-Vrhe Anti-
Compulsory Vaccination League of
Berkeley wants to debate* the efficacy
of vaccination and its results before
the public and through its executive
committee a challenge has been issued
to the pro-vaccinationists to come out
and meet them on the rostrum. .The
challenge is issued to all doctors and
medical authorities of California,. who
are requested to select their ablest
representatives and to send them. into
debate against sp< akers representing
the league.
The anti-vacclnationlsts prefer to
discuss the question with Secretary
Foster of the State Board of Health,
Dr. aicCallum, Dr. George F. Rein
hardt or Dr. von Adelung of Oakland.
The question to be debated is, "Re
solved, That the compulsory vaccina
tion law is unjust and should not be
enforced, but should be repealed." The
challenge is signed by Dr. J. U.
Oberg, John A. Wilson and W. T.
Baxley of the executive committee of
the league.
Chief of Police John Conrad has filed
with the City Clerk an itemized esti
mate of the funds that he figures will
be required to conduct his department
another year. - He asks for a total of
$19,106, of -which sum $18,820 is for sal
aries. Chief Conrad requests that the
salaries of the thirteen patrolmen of
the force be raised from $80 to $90 a
month and the pay of the sergeant and
the detective be Increased from $90 to
$95.
I will take second place to no one In loyal
support of our public schools, but I am, con
vinced from Investigations that I have made
that a grtat saving could be made In the
School Deitartment and that without Injury/ to
our educational institutions. This year the
Board o£ Education asks for $14,000 more than
last year and the school census report shows
that there are but three more children en
rolled. I do not think our teachers are being
paid toojnuch, but I do -believe too many sal
aries are paid. • ¦ ,
. In AUmeda I find that the average number
of pupils taught by one teacher is 32. while in
San Francisco the class runs from 50 to 60 to
the instructor. I consider that 45 pXipils can
be well handled by one teacher.
BERKELEY, Sept. 6.— The Board of
Education must make the financial
ends of the School Department meet
again this year with a 25-cent appor
tionment. "; There is a good deal of dis
satisfaction with the Board of Trus
tees' action last night In fixing the rate
at this figure, but It is too late now to
help it. Last year the rate was lowered
from 30 to 25 cents and this aroused the
School Directors almost to mandamus
proceedings. This year the Directors
hoped for something better, but they
are disappointed again. The Trustees
take the view that the other depart
ments y must not suffer for the schools
and that the only way the people -will
be made to see the folly of a tax rate
limited to 75 cents is through the non
advancement of the schools. The Trus
tees are also aware that there will be a
bond election before the year is out, so
that there may be no need for a 30
cent apportionment. Of the 25 cents,
16 cents will go to- the High School
and 9 cents to the grammar schools.
The apportionment to the library
fund is increased from 8 to 10 cents in
anticipation of the additional cost that
the removal to the Carnegie Library
will entail. The apportionments to the
other funds are as follows: General, 32
cents; street, 18 cents: sewer bond, 3
cents; school bond, 1892, 4 cents; elec
tric light bond, 3 cents; school bond,
1900, 4 cents. The total rate is $1—75
cents for the support of the schools and
city and 25 cents for bond redemption.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 6.— The Alameda
Board of Education will ask the City
Trustees to appropriate $26,000 for the
public schools tms year. / Dr. Henry
M. Pond of the • Trustees i has placed
himself on record as believing that the
Board. of Education is asking too much
of the taxpayers and that there are too
many salaries being paid. In explain
ing his attitude Dr. Pond said:
OMAHA. Neb., Sept. 6.— The Govern
ment is now being accused of "bunko"
work in connection with the recent
opening of the Rosebud Indian Reser
vation lands In South Dakota. A very
large number of those who drew prizes-
In the big lottery are greatly disap
pointed at what they got and have
gone with their complaints to the Gen
eral Land Office in "Washington.
The Government has always been
subjected to criticism at the conclusion
of these land lotteries, but In the pres
ent Instance the complaints seem to be
louder and more numerous than ever
before. Not half of the land, it is said
by those who drew it. is worth more
than the Government price and as a
result it Is estimated that not more
than one half of the 2431 winners in
the lottery will file upon th© claims
they drew. Of the first 300— supposed
winners of $5000 fortunes— ten per cent
dropped out, refusing to take the land
after looking it over.
An Itemized account of what the peo
ple paid into the Rosebud lottery fol
lows: . .• .'""¦
Railroad fare '^ ¦ "Ty Vi - ¦ H.100.000
1 "Lodging, meals, Uvertes «— ~» 65,000
Registration fees »«.«m 27.000
Government prlca for lar.J«. .~....^. 768,000
Total — ..^.— ..-..L. - f2.O5.50t
Altogether 107.000 people registered
for the lottery In the Rosebud country.
The railroads, appreciating the oppor
tunity for a. harvest, it Is said, spurred
them on with glowing accounts of the
wealth of the new country about to be
opened.
BLACKFOOT. Idaho. Sept. 6.— The
weary homeseekers, who for the past
two weeks have been camping in front
of the United States Land Office at
Blackfoot, were to-day given an op
portunity to file upon what is known
k as the Five Mile Limit lands, lying ad
jacent to Pocatello. These lands are
embraced in the Fort Hall Indian Res
ervation and are being disposed of at
$2 50 per acre.
The first to file upon land was S. M.
Nixon of Pocatello, who took a 160
acre tract upon which he had squatted
for two years. Nixon had been in line
for two weeks and wa3 almost ex
hausted by the strain and hardship.
SpecUl Dispatch to Tb» GaS.
WHITE. RIVER JUNCTION, VU
Sept. 6.— Vermont to-day elected a Gov
ernor and other State officers, two
members of Congress, thirty State Sen
ators and one* 'Representative from
each city and town. As was expected,
the Republicans were generally Jicto
rious, electing their entire ticket and
maintaining control of the Le^lature
by the usual large majority. The ciay
was fln« and the vote was normal ror *
Presidential year.
The State officers elected are: Gov
ernor. Charles J. Bell, . Welden; Lieu
tenant Governor. Charles H. Stearns »
Treasurer, John L. Bacon; Secretary or
State. Frederick G. Fleetwood; Auditor
of Accounts, Horace A. Graham.
David J. Foster of Burlington was
elected to Congress from the First Dis
trict, and Klttredge Hasklns of Brat
tleboro from the Second District. The
complexion of the Legislature Is practi
cally unchanged. This indicates that
Senator Redneld Proctor will be re
elected. ,;¦-:
The campaign was hard fought by
both the leading parties, the Democrats
bending their efforts to a reduction of
the Republican majority of 31.000 &**£
to W. TV. Stickney for Governor in 1900.
Returns received at midnight indicate
that the Republicans elected the head
of their ticket by a plurality equal to,
if not greater than, that returned for
Stickney. a __ ...
The returns from 200 out of the 246
cities and towns of the State give Bell
(R.). 38.860; Porter (D.). 12,892. The
same places In 1900 gave Stickney (R.),
38.948; Senter (D.). 13.556.
These figures show a slight falling off
in the vote of both parties and indi
cate the election of Bell by about 32.000
plurality. ¦
LITTLE, ROCK. Ark., Sept. 6.— Late
returns to-night from, the State election
yesterday show that while .the unop
posed Democratic nominees for State
offices received 85 per cent of the total
vote, the for Governor Davis
(D.) will be less than 40,000 and may
drop to 30,000^
The next Legislature , . will stand:
Senate— Democrats 34,7 Republicans^ 1:
; House — Democrats 95, Republicans 5.
No Trace Left Behind Other
Than Marks of a Chisel
on the Forced Window
Want to Show. That Com
pulsory Laws in Prevent
ing Smallpox Are Unfair
Alameda Also Confronts a
'Short-age and the Salaries
May, Be Cut This Term
In Arkansas the Majority
for the Head of the^Demo
cratic Ticket Is Cut* Down
District Attorney Allen Sets
at Rest Question as- to
Who Shall Do the Work
REQUIRED TO RETRENCH
BELL LEADS BY 32,000
Many Persons Decide Not to
File Upon Their Claims
After Looking at Them
FAR-MS WORTH LITTLE
STEAL ALL THE STOCK
OPINION IS RENDERED
DESIRE ROSTRUM FIGHT
Leave Nothing Except Show
cases and the Tools in
an East Oaklander's Store
Opponents, of the Jenner
Method • Challenge Its
Friends to Defend It
Berkeley Department Does
Not Relish the Action of
Board of Town Trustees
Plurality of Candidate /for
Governor of Vermont Larg
er Than Four Tears Ago
3Ien "Who Drew Lands in
the Rosebud. Reservation
-Lottery Are Indignant
City Bond Election Funds
Are to Be „ Colletted
by the County •Officers
BURGLARS LOOT
JEWELRY SHOP
MUST HANDLE
SCHOOL MONEY
WOULD DEBATE
ON VACCINATION
SCHOOL FUNDS
CAUSE DEBATE
REPUBLICANS
MAKE GAINS
ACCUSE UNCLE
SAM OF BUNKO
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
SHAW TELLS
STUDENTS OF
HIGH IDEALS
SECRETARY OP . THE TREASURY
LESLIE M. SHAW ADDRESSES
THE STUDENTS AT BERKELEY.
Deputy Health Officer Levy yester
day sent out 4 some three hundred
*>wabs" for.use by the "corps of volun
teer school inspecting physicians In
ascertaining the prevalency of throat
diseases. The , - swabs will be re
turned to the bacteriologist for ex
amination, and on his report will de
pend the- exclusion ; of 'the pupil ' un
der observation front -schools.. The
new ordinance prescribing 1 regulations
for the conduct of dairies goes 'into
effect on September 15, and , from
that data on the "Health Department
will require strict adherence to the
rules therein provided^
Test for Pupil's Throats.
4
AJ\ T EKTISE3IENTS.
For Any Skin Disease
use
It wilTbelp and cure you. '.Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending ioc. to pay postage.
If is absolutely harmless, : has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by leading drufifiUts.
N«ae gcBBiM witliMit say signature.
c jo Prince St., New York.
Send for tree Booklet on "Hswtstrt*t
tUmut" cmtslntag handntfs *f testl>
iirtrir r* "*" *~ r *~ —
ADVERTISEMENTS. _„__
/ HHi^ Ht*i «€^ *° ove children, and no
'ffllll 1^1 9 xk k°na e can be completely
WW \F MIS HH 1 H CP k a PPy without them, yet the
ordeal through wliich the ex*
E^l^&ffllliRfei£'& pectant mother must pass usually is
I vJtfSNNnl vi SO n -* °^ su^ e " n ?j danger and fear
| >i^iaHiyl that she looks forward to the critical
.--, ¦¦••.*;'¦ Hour with "apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, .by: its -penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so .prepares the system for the
the event safely and with but rail gi jiff H@m^& AS 1
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in»gold." $1.00 per t JC Ul\fl &ti WK J&
bottle of druggists. Book containing jj g fill hhhj
valuable information mailed free. f| j§ S^viifi^lll
THE BSA0HEL0 BE6UUTO8 C9.. Attest*, C*.Rear - Guard ; Not Annihilated.
ST. PETERSBURG, .Sept. , 6.— The
report :" which ": was ' in : circulation ¦ here
last ; night • of : the ' annihilation of Gen
eral Kuropatkin's rear guard was un
tr.ua.-
ZANZIBAR, Island 'of Zanzibar.
Sept. v ".6.-7- The British cruiser .Forte
early this morning found .the -Russian
volunteer J fleet steamshlDs St.* Peters
burg and Smolensk .within the three
mile limit arid communicated to them
the orders of the: Russian Government
to desist from^mterference.with'neu
tral " shipping. *¦ The commanders , of
theu Russian '• vesseFs said i they would
forthwith proceed to Europe.
British Cruiser Conveys Czar's Orders
to Volunteer Steamships.
RAIDERS AT LAST FOUND.
Market street
San Francisco.
Fcr vicliors to the -World's Fair . to •«• th*
East. Reduced rates to New Tcrk and ether
Eastern cities are now In effect Tla the Penn
sylvania lines throush either . Chicago * or. St.
Louis. ' Tickets to New Tork and PnlUd«iphia
are good via ' Washington, allowing ten days
at the national capital. Stopovers ar» .also
allowed at Dal tlmorr and Philadelphia. For
particulars ask E. M. Pftmeray. P. C A.. 821
An Excellent Opportunity.
Field Marshal Oyama reports that
a portion of the Russian troops, hold
Yingshuissu. south of Yentai, and
that General Kuroki's right is in close
touch with the Russians. He' an
nounces also that the left and center
Japanese armies, under the command,
respectively, of Generals Oku and
Nodzu, have halted on -the left bank
of th«» Taitse River, and that it is his
Intention to dispatch a , portion of
them to occupy the" heights ! north of
Muchang and alonjr: the" railroad. '
Genera! Kuropatkin burned all the
TOKIO. SepL 6, 7 p.m. — It is of
ficially announced that a portion of
the Russian force remains at Ying-
Ehuissu, south of Yentai. where the
bulk of the Russian army is as
sembled.
An extended report from Field Mar
shal Oyama. the Japanese commander
in chief in the field, was received in
Tokio to-day and made public to
night. It is largely devoted to a re
view of the fighting which took place
between August 24 and September 4.
The announcement that the Rus
sians will retain possession of the
Yentai colleries indicate a strong pos
sibility of a battle there. Yentai is
tjte only colliery in Northern Man
churia, and its possession is of vital
importance to the Russians In connec
tion with the operations of the rail
road.
Japanese Commander Says His Losses
Will Be Heavy.
OYAMA REPORTS BATTLE.
Marriage of Crown Prince and Duch
ess Cecelia Will Not Occur
Until Next Year,
BERLIN, Sept. 6. — The .-weddln* of
Crown Prince Frederick William and
the Duchess Cecelia of Mecklenburg-
Schwerln will take place In Berlin,
where the visiting members of royal
families can be entertained better
than at the bride's home. The mar
riage will probably take place early In
the new year.
The royal palace at Hanover "has
been undergoing reconstruction for a
year and i3 now being refurnished
and redecorated. •> ¦3f&ta3£fiB,
ROYAL WEDDING WELL TAKE
PLACE IN GERMAN CAPTTAIi
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 6. — Shippers
have been notified that effective Octo
ber 1 a war duty of 10 cents per sack
will be taxed on flour entering Japan
ese ports.. vK';1'r
Japan Imposing War Duty.
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Sept. 6.
Twenty quick firing batteries which
the Emperor expected to inspect this
week have been hastily placed on
trains and have left for the Far East.
Twenty Batteries for th© Front.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 6. — The
Emperor has received the following
dispatch from General Kuropatkin,
dated September 5:.
"To-day (Monday) the army is ad
vancing, northward. It has extricated
itself from the dangerous position 'in
which it was placed, being threat
ened by the enemy , and having- a
narrow front. The i enemy through
out the day cannonaded the real
guard, especially its left flank, but
without much effect. We lost about
100 men to-day." ; : '
Kuropatkin Reports That His Army
Is Out of Danger.
declares that the Japanese triumph
from every point of view is one of the
most extraordinary feats of arms ever
performed by -any people and vindi
cates the claim of the Japanese to be
regarded as a great power, treating on
equal, terms "with, the foremost of west
ern state3 and counting with the Brit
ish empire and Russia as one if the
three permanent decisive factors in the
destinies of Asia.
CHEERING NEWS FOR '.THE CZAR.
ITHACA. N. Y.. Sept. 6.— Jesse Ba
ker, aged 23, has shot and killed his
youngr wife. Mrs. Baker, her mother
and sister . were . returning from the
fair grounds.- While walking a short
cut through an orchard Baker sud
denly encountered them and drawing
a revolver wounded his . wife. Her
mother and sister unsuccessfully at
tempted to . take the revolver. After
shooting at his sister-in-law he fired
again at his wife, killing her Instantly.
Baker then fled.
His wife left him. recently because
of his drunken habits.
Husband Who Had Been Abandoned
Because of His Habits Uses
Deadly Revolver.
KILLS WIFE AND ATTEMPTS
• TO SLAY SISTER-IN-LAW
LONDON, Sept. 6. — The prelim
inary representations made by Count
Benckendorff, the Russian Kmbassa
dor. to the Foreign Office Indicate
that Russia is on the point of mak
ing substantial concessions to the
United States and Great Britain re
garding the question of contraband of
war.
Will Makf Concessions to America
and Great Britain.
RUSSIA YIELDS ON CONTRABAND.
SEATTLE, Sept. 6. — To-day the
harvest of the Washington hop crop
¦will begin. It Is estimated that 10,
000 pickers will be required. Reports
show the condition of the crop gener
ally to be good, though there has been
a shrinkage In some localities. Esti
mates put the prospective crop at 41,
500 bales, an increase of 5000 bales
over last year. Prices are high; In
stances being known where growers
have refused 26Vi"cents a pound.;*.;*
Estimated Output Is 41,503 Bales, a
.Large Increase Over That of
Last Year.
HEAVY HOP CROP IN
STATE OF WASHINGTON
YENTAI. Monday, Sept. 5. — There
was heavy fighting northeast of this
place to-day/ The Japanese troops
are now pressing northward along the
ridges east of the railway, and several
skirmishes have already taken place
within twenty miles to the southeast
of Mukden. The Russians are holding
General Kuroki back . at Liaoyang
while their main army is proceeding
north.
Russians Hold Knrokl Back While
Main Army Retreat*.
FIGHTING NEAR YEXTAI.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 6.— The
Emperor has received the following
dispatch from Lieutenant General
Liapounoff, military governor of the
Island of Saghallen, dated September
6: "Two of the enemy's ships this
evening approached Korsakovsk.
Ihey stopped four miles from shore
and sant launches toward the sunken
cruiser Novik. Our troops opened fire,
whereupon the launches returned to
their ships."
Seamen to Retreat.
Sagballcn Garrison Causes Japanese
TROOPS FIRE UPON LAUNCHES.
Nothing was thought of the attach^
ment by the other nurses until Sun
day, when Humphries went to the hos
pital and left the place with Mrs. Car
ter. That was the last seen of them
and this evening word was received
that the couple were at Long Beach
and are to be married to-morrow.
Mrs. Carter's Darents live at Cuca
monga and they were unaware of the
affair until they heard of it through a
message from the couple. The board of
directors at the hosDital were much
perturbed over the matter, but Mrs.
Carter has arrived at more than the
age of discretion and nothing is to
be done in the matter save to send
congratulations.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 6.— One of
the most sensational elopements on
record in this part of the State was
that of Roscoe Humphries, a local sta
bleman, with Mrs. M. E. Carter, which
tcok place Sunday and has just come
to light. «
For the past six years Mrs. Carter,
who Is 32 years of age, has been an in
mate of the County Hospital, a help
less invalid. Her sole means of moving
about was a creaky wheel chair. Some
two years ago Humphries was a nurse
at the hospital and there he fell vio
lently in love with the invalid, who is
a remarkably pretty woman in spite
of her infirmity. •
Though Kuropatkin's resource meets
with such praise; the. Dally Telegraph
"Kuropatkin has won the race," says
the Daily Telegraph, "and saved the
greater part of his army by one of
the most masterly retreats of military
history. Few things in the record of
war have been finer than the energy
and determination with which thfe
Czar's commander-in-chief prevented
the victors from converting a defeat
into a catastrophe, and the result will
have the most far-reaching influence
upon the whole future of the war. Com
bined with the stolid staying powers
of Ivan Ivanovitch, the tactics which
saved the situation after Liaoyang and
again at Yentai saved it once more
at the Hun River and protected the
crossing of the bulk of the forces."
At what cost this was accomplished
and whether the Japanese have been
"yet wholly thwarted of their prey."
the Daily Telegraph says will' not be
known for some days; but assuming
that Kuropatkin had 190,000 men at
Liaoyanpr. the paper says, he will be
comparatively fortunate if he leads
120,000 men to Tiehling or to Mukden,
and that number will be sufficient to
have prospects for the immediate
future.
The Standard, which comments upon
what it terms St. Petersburg's "attack
of nerves," and its not altogether sur
prising readiness to believe anything,
however disastrous, thinks that. if the
Russians can get to Harbin there will
be a long pause in thfe war. The same
paper has no doubt that the Japanese
will follow their enemy thither, as they
did to Liaoyang, but it does not think
that the pursuit can be carried out as
far as Harbin until after the winter
season. ' ~ T
The Daily Mail's Mukden correspond
ent, wiring under date of September 5,
appears impartially to sum up the situ
ation, saying that the relative positions
of the opposing forces are about the
same as ever. The enemy is advancing
from the south and threatening the
Russians at the same time from the
east, .but the decisive battle is still to
come.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— English opinion
regarding the situation in the Far East
is not much influenced by General Ku
ropatkin's reassuring dispatches. Al
most all of the difficulties of the retreat
reported, in. the Sa»estv<3lspatches have
been foreseen by the English military
observers and indeed the Russian con
fidence following so closely the period
of what was regarded here as exagger
ated depression, combined with com
plete Japanese silence regarding the
pursuit, leads the Daily Graphic to be
lieve that the Japanese generals "have
not yet given up all hopes of inflict
ing a crushing blow on the Russian
main army."
Regard His Escape From Superior
Numbers Masterly Achievement.
BRITONS PRAISE KUROPATKIN.
Kane says that he hid behind a sup
port of the bridge until Green was
within a few feet of him, when he
placed his revolver on a ledge and fired,
the bullet penetrating Green's> heart.
According to Kane's statement to the
police he killed Reynolds at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon. After closing the
saloon at 7 o 'clock at night Kane says
he started to go home and while cross
ing the Black Bridge recognized Green,
who was approaching him, as a strike
breaker.
EAST ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6.— According
to statements made to-night to Chief
of Police Purdy by Louis Kane, for
merly a barkeeper in the Yellow Dog
Saloon, the latter is guilty of having
killed the two men found dead under
mysterious circumstances near Black
Bridge last night.
Kane, in his statement, says that his
reason for killing Reynolds, a white
man, and Green, a negro, was that they
were strike break'ers. He told Chief
Purdy that he was formerly employed
as a butcher and, although he had sur
rendered his card, he was a "strong
union man and had used every means
in his power to further the cause of
unionism."
In describing the killing Kane told
Chief Purdy that he and several strik
ing butchers had had an argument
with Reynolds and that the latter made
a motion as though to draw a revolver.
Kane says that he then shot Reynolds
through the heart and hid his body
in the bushes.
White and Xegro Found
Dead in Streets of East St.
Louis Killed by Barkeeper
San Bernardino Stableman
Elopes With a Helpless
Invalid From Infirmary
TELLS POLICE
OF HIS CRIME
CUPID AT WORK
IN A HOSPITAL
HAMMERFEST, Norway. Sept. 6. —
The Norwegian steamship Vircola,
which has arrived here, reports that
she met the Zeigler relief expedition
steamship Frithjof on August 27 in
latitude 79 north and longitude 52
east. The Frithjof up to that time had
been unable to reach Franz Josef
Land.
Meets Relief Expedition.
Here the message ended. The officer
who sent forward KirilofTs last dis
patch added:
"Kiriloff, who was an enthusiast in
his work, had gained universal respect
and sympathy. He was shot through
the right lung while standing by our
batten' and fell back, suffering in
tense agony, the blood spurting from
his mouth. Yet his devotion to duty
enabled him to overcome his sufferings.
He insisted upon being placed on a
horse so that he could get to Liaoyang
and file his dispatch. It took five hours
to cover the five and a half miles to
Liaoyang. When he reached there
Kiriloff was so exhausted and weak
from loss of blood that we got him into
the hospital, although against his pro
test. He asked me to complete his
message for him.
"I am a soldier and no writer, but I
will say that after the awful fight to
day we are still holding our positions.
Japanese bodies bestrew all the
heights. Their losses must run into
the tens of thousands. We. have lost
C000 thus far. A shrapnel shell burst
two paces from General Stakelberg
(who remained for fifteen hours under
fire), killing two officers. The general
was slightly wounded in the leg."
SOLDIER FINISHES MESSAGE.
"The Russian officers had not eaten
anything since the previous day and
the correspondent shared with them
what provisions he had. The taste of
food caused them to realize the inten
sity of their hunger. Prudence urged
the correspondent to leav» the spot,
but he was fascinated."
"This morning around Liaoyang
guns thundered unceasingly. The
heights forming a semi-circle around
the city were dotted with jets of flame
and little black and white clouds. The
spectacle was clearly visible from the
water tower of Liaoyang. The Rus
sian left alone was not engaged.
"At 7 o'clock the correspondent rode
to the Russian center, where the Jap
anese were concentrating in an at
tempt to break through, and climbed
the neighboring heights, following a
detachment sent to relieve the skirm
ishers who had been covering the bat
tery commanded by Pokotlloff, one of
the heroes of Kiuleincheng. The Jap
anese, according to custom, were
sl'elling places where they believed
the Russian reserves were located. Be
fore tbe correspondent could, reach
the battery he had to cross a danger
zone of Io0 yards, projectiles falling
and bursting on it until the very
ground seemed to quiver with wrath.
TOUCHING BATTLEFIELD SCENE.
¦ "There was a touching scene when
the skirmishers were reached. A Rus
sian soldier met a brother whom he
had last seen in their native village.
There were joyous greetings and a
quick exchange of news from home.
Then each went his way and settled
down to the work of firing, coolly and
deliberately. The Japanese fire was
spasmodic. Their bullets sang like
birds as they sped overhead and the
Russians cracked jokes about it.
"Two hours later the correspondent
reached the battery and found that
Pokotiloff and another officer, Cos
troff, had been killed. Out of sixty
gunners forty were -killed or wounded.
Captain Tarasoff was in charge of the
batter>'. His quiet courtesy recalled
the hero of one of Count Tolstoi's nov
els. Fifty yards away was a splendid
looking gunner, whose duty it was to
record the success or failure of each
shot — the grim song of death, with
deadly messengers hurtling all around
him — but the Russian gunner stood
erect and utterly without heeding the
danger to which he was exposed.
MUKDEN, Sept. 6.— The following
message describing the earlier events
of the Japanese attack on General
Siakelberg's corps southwest of Liao
yeng on August 30 was written on the
battlefield by Kiriloff, the war corre
spondent, and sent to Mukden for
transmission just before he was shot
through the lung:
General Kuroki encountered des
perate opposition in the battle on the
heights to the west of Heiyingtal.
where he fought continuously and
fiercely for four days before he suc
ceeded in dislodging the Russians.
It is manifest that the stubbornness
of the Russian defense at Heiyingtal
saved the Russian line of retreat and
averted an overwhelming disaster.
Field Marshal Oyama says also
that, in spite of continuous attacks
for ten days against an enemy oc
cupying semi-permanent fortifications,
and the heavy resultant sacrifice, the
spirit of devotion #and determination
of the Japanese troops is excellent.
General Kuropatkin. according to
the report, continued to receive re
inforcements until August 13, and his
final strength consisted of at least
twelve full divisions (180,000 men).
The losses sustained by the Rus
sians are not known to the Japanese
field force.
The report says that the exact num
ber of Japanese losses since August £5
is not known at present, but that cas
ualty lists are being compiled. The
field marshal predicts that the losses
will prove heavy.
The reDort does not mention the
number of guns taken, but it is known
that sixteen guns were captured at
Anping and Anshanshan, and earlier
reports mentioned the capture and use
against the railroad station at Liao
yang of certain ten centimeter Cahet
guns.
railroad and other bridges over the
Taitse River.
Mortally Wounded Correspondent Rides for Flours
to File Graphic Story of the Battle.
Marshal Oyama seems to be making
a race for Mukden. He has great su
periority in numbers, especially in ar
tillery. -
As this dispatch was filed* the cor
respondent could hear the booming of
the Japanese cannon, which arein play
fourteen miles from Mukden. The
skies are black and the air is stifling
with the sense of suffocation, which i3
felt here " before a storm breaks —
strange harmony between the- elements
and the menacing attitude of the con
tending armies.
MUKDEN, Sept. 6.— The commissar
iat and columns of artillery are arriv
ing here and proceeding northward.
General Kuropatkin's army is engaged
in an extensive rear guard action.
The retreat of General Kuropatkin's
army is being carried out in good or
der, despite the terrible condition of the
roads, rendered sodden by . the rains
which fell yesterday and to-day, which
mire the lumbering guns and heavy
transport trains. Long lines of com
missariat wagons, drawn by steaming
mules, horses, and even bullocks, are
straining their v/ay north over the
soaking, cut T up main road 'from Yen
tai. Behind them come long trains of
artillery and back of them Kuropat
kin's army. The Japanese are hanging
to Kuropatkin's flanks, keeping the
Russians engaged in a continuous rear
guard action. The progress of the re
treating army has been slow, owing
to the necessity of first getting through
the baggage and guns, but the heads of
the commissariat trains already, have
passed through Mukden and are con
tinuing their way toward the north.
The main Japanese army- Is marching
up along the roads eastward of the
Russian lines of retreat, which con
verge at Mukden. Another • Japanese
force is heading for. Mukden from the
westward, coming from the direction
of Liao River. JK
Port Arthur Expects Heavy Onslaught
':*/ by Land and Sea,
CHBFTJ, Sept. 6. — Firing at Port
Arthur was heard here to-night. Two
Chinese interpreters, belonging to the
official household of Lieutenant Gen
eral Stoessel, commander of the mill
.tary forces at Port Arthur, have been
caught spying at Shushiyen and Pa
lungshan. They were executed by the
Japanese.
Chinese who arrived here to-day
from Port Arthur declare that the
Russian garrison expects a general
land and sea attack on September 7.
On September 2 and 3 the Japanese
bombarded the fortifications severely
and two Russian guns on a fort near
Rihlungshan were dismounted.
The recent 'entrance into Port Ar
thur of a large steamship carrying
provisions, chiefly flour, has resulted
in the reduction of the price of flour
from *:» to i- a bag.
There are numberless stories of
heroism, collective and Individual,
v hich it is Impossible to relate by wire.
Ths Red Cross is working tirelessly,
not only aiding the wcunfled, but in es
tablishing booths by the roadside and
distributing food and tea to th* sick.
Injured and starving. The Chinese
population is in a state of ferment."
GENERAL. ATTAC1C TO-DAY.
MUKDEN. Sent. 6.— A Russian cor
respondent supplies the following:
"Our retreat is being carried out un
der heavy pressure and with the Japa
nese on our heels. The task Is ad
ditionally difficult owing to the terrible
condition of the roads and the rivers,
which are flooded. The fighting has
now been almost continuous since Aug
ust 24 and how much longer it will last
it is impossible to say. The number of
lives sacrificed and tbe loss of supplies
by burnlngr. bridges being blown up,
etc.. can only be explained when we
once more have concentrated, and tEis
w ill occupy us for some days.
"Do not be under any misapprehen
sion: we trill live through these heavy
days and still more alarming nights,
for despite recent failures, we have*
steadfast faith In the future and the
Fr'.rit of the troops is unimpaired.
Japan»^=e Closely Press the Pursuit of
Koropatkln's Army.
ST. PETERSBURG, \\ ednesday,
Sept. '., 2:10 a. in. — There has been no
•TiCws from General Kuropatkin since
Monday .nfvernoon. This is attributed
to the interruption of direct communi
cation with the commander in chief,
on ing to the transfer of the telegraph
olSce to llukden. whither messages
have to be sent by courier.
The- utmost confidence prevails at
the War Office thai the Russian army
:* Elowrly but surely effecting the re
trcat without serious risk of being cut
oX None tne less, intense anxiety is
Mt throughout the whole nation and
this feeling: is shared by the Emperor.
His Majesty Is unwilling, at such a
juncture, to absent himself from
Ivterhof and has countermanded all
proposed journeys. He will not go to
Warsaw or Libau and remains closeted
tor hours with his military advisers.
li is believed that the outcome of
these deliberations will be an order to
mobilize several more army corps.
L^te last evening the following
BUttement was obtained from the War
Office:
"".No telegrams whatever were re
ceived from General Kuropatkin to
day (Tuesday). It is inferred that the
oi:ly Russian troops remaining at Yen
uii on September 6 were the rear
guard, whose mission is solely to re
tard the enemy's movement.
"It is quite consistent, from the po
sition of affairs, to suppose that a por
tion of the Japanese forces entered
Yentai. There being no intention to
hold this point, as it is of no intrinsic
importance. The stores have already
betn removed and whatever was not
removed was burned."
A Russian correspondent sent a mes
£;:ge from Mukden last evening, more
than twenty-four hours after the dis
patch of General Kuropatkin's last
published message. This correspond
ent gives :io details of the rear attack
and the censor probably is not al
hiwed to authorize the transmission of
ihis new? until the commander in
chief tend? his report.
The correspondent points out in his
message that the Russian forces are
fallowed step by step by the Japanese
and are greatly impeded by heavy
r«<iiQs nr.d floods. He adds:
"It is impossible to say how long
the fighting wiil continue as the in
i::itt:ve is in Ihe hands of the Japan
esf-. 1
The correspondent does not conceal
th<- fact that the Russians are under
going a. severe ordeal, but he says
that the courage of the troops remains
undimiTiished.
?
FIGHTING IS CONSTANT
The war situation, in the' light or the latest information, may be sum
med up as follows: The Russian forces ar e pushing o n to Mukden, great
ly Impeded by heavy roads and floods, conducting an orderly retreat and
followed step by step by the Japanese. Details of the fighting and of the
exact iw-IUon of the opposing armies are lacking. The report that Ku
ropatkin's rear guard has been annihilated and that the Russian forces
are in danger of being surrounded is denied by the Russian general staff.
The Russian War Office Is entirely confident that the retreat is slowly but
surely being effected. From Tokio comes the oflicial report that the bulk
of the Russian force Is still at Yenlal. Field Marshal Oyama says that
the Rua-ians burned all the railroad bridges over the Taitsc River and re
ports that the Japanese losses are heavy. The attack on Port Arthur con
tinues and Chinese arriving at Chefn say the Russian garrison expects a
general land and sea attack to-day.
Retreat Is Carried Out
in Good Order Despite
Difficulties.
Mam Force Believed to
Be Extricated From
Critical Position.
Commissariat Arrives at
Town and Continues
Northward.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 7. — According to an unconfirmed report the
Baltic fleet will not be able to sail before November, owing to the discov
ery of considerable defects in some of the vessels, which recently under
went their trial trips.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 7.— It Is staled that by the end of October
the Fourth, Eighth and Thirteenth army corps, totaling 192,000 men, will
reach the front and that before the end of September 1100 guns will hare
been dispatched to General Kuropatkin.
LOXDOX, Sept. 7. — The Dally Mail's Newchwang correspondent,
ca!)Hn» under dale of September 6, snjs: "The Russians are reljing mainly
on TlehlhiR nnd are avoiding: Mukden. Eight Japanese transports ar
rived here to-day with troops, which immediately took train for Liaoyang.
The Russians have been partly Intercepted between Liaoyang and Mukden."
LONDON, Sept. 7. — The Chronicle's correspondent at ' Chefu, tele
craphins last nJshl, says thnt 10,000 Japanese sick or wonnded are at
Dahiy: that more than half of tlicin are suffering from bcri-bsri, and
LATEST WAR BULLETINS.
Kuropatk : n ! s Rear Guard.
Pluckiiy Holds Back,
the Pursuers.
BROWN ARMIES
GIVE THE SLAV
FOE NO REST
KUROPATKIN'S
FLIGHT NOT TO
END AT MUKDEN
CONSTANT FIGHTING ATTENDS RUSSIAN RETREAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,: SEPTEMBER 7. 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants a^d Children.
Ilii Kind You Have Always Bought
/Bears tha /^V ' V/^/j /*
Signature of C^LO^^T&ZZk^
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Illlll BqcIc to
Jjjgjl Sound Hee3th
femaa , Speedy convalescence, new
Sj.^w;S strength and appetite fbl-
iC^^ffilMaiSsSil The perfect malt-tonic and flesh-
builder. It is a pre-digested food,
KjE'SS'f easily^ retained by the ; most delU
g^^^^^^**^«^a All Druezists tell It. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
IBfely'S^^^Mi^fj^^ St. Louis' Greatest Sight is the'Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
* See it while attending the Fair.
l. n
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
"-•^3C t»k*a yenr wnn^erfnl "Ca»ear»t»" for
Xr.:e- !3r):iic« xr.d o^iujr *nf ir»lr cnrt«t of f.omjrb
c»i«rr,i «n.l dya;^iiti». I think m woni of prtim is
ctit-.o--<Jatc»ret*''lorthfiriToc<l«rfclc«irpo«ition.
I !.Hi! taica r.Bn«PM:» other *o-raiie4 retarget
kbt RMH »r»il and I 2nd thit Cueartt* re!i«Y«
»'»r^ >n a Cp- than all the others 1 bavo tsi.*n
*r>MUd :r. a yrzz."
•Janus Mc"G Jae, 1D3 Xereer Et., Jertej City. K. 1.
CANDY CATrURTJC -^^^
R»u«T,t. ?«:«t*b;<«. PctiTit. Taste Good. Do Good,
/•"¦cr 6»ek<;a, i.>u»n or Gripo. 10c. 2S<?.»e. N>r»r
ytc in bnlk. Th« resaire tablet stamped CCC.
fcuarac t~» j to cere or your snooty back.
Sttr'isj Rcarir Co., Chicago or N.Y. 59*
IUU kl SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
: .'-..'-¦, - . • " ''• ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
W j 'Jl% California Souvenir
Ig|I Cups Free-
n\ NtwcurF house, yw
With any purchase of S3.00 or over we
W. E_jF™~ «7. g| ye j ree a 5 eau tjf u j California Souvenir cup
I These cups were made 'in Carlsbad, Austria, of a
I fine quality porcelain. The pictures here shown are
I one-third size.
I Each cup contains three views — New Cliff House,
§ Mariposa Big Tree "Wawona'' and the Golden Gate
I from Fort Point, y
I Should you require anything in men's or boys'
I clothing, furnishings or hats, make your purchase here.
| You will get reliable goods at the lowest t&>^
I possible prices and a souvenir cup free,
which is worth one dollar. 1?^^^^^^^^^
Sft-W00D$f0
| 740 Market Street and Wi^f^M* fl
! Corner Powell and Eddy Streets wt^f^^^tw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ BWfrT. r5F*^m &¦] 7TB Mm/Br
4m*™* printing
jRi at Cut Prices
' , . .'". - . _ . .
My work has the Individuality of
good quality. Try it. You'll ba
pleased. »
DEVXItOPI2TO:
Roll of six, 10c. Roll of twelve, 15c.
TBXHTXZTCr:
Sollo finish. 3c to 5c. Velox finish.
3c to 6c.
DaylijTht lioadla? Pllms, Camera,*
and supplies at low prices.
CALIFORNIA SOUVbMRS
Souvenir Postal Cards, City Guides,
Maps. etc.. at moderate prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
10C8 MARKET STEEET, Opp. Tlfth.
San Francisco. fl£S8
iff^ Dentistry I
¦ Painless Fillings 25c I]
m Painless Crowns..... $3.50 Ij
¦ full Set of Teeth 54.00 I
|j "VANVROOM" IJ
r| Sixth and Market |1
visit DR. JORDAN'S oncA-ri
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
'£¦) i:si ia2IX r R * M - fcuro. f.7.eu. i
,^C. T ** t-»r»«t As»t«n»ic»! Mci«cj» ta !!>• \
jMM^ W*rl4. Witlnwti *r n, «otr»rtt<J M
fSsljal 3p«a» i»t « Ue Cout. Hjlj*jo«--». 0
A 4f£r? § OR. JORDAM-D.'SEASES OF HEX t
\ r£ik)B Canm\m&m tn« (ail ttrtctlT prtr»««. \
m M HVB Tr— m«nt p«rt»n*My nt ky Irrter. A m
¥ I W IB H r****» Cm* la mr? an mdtrakes. T
Apt \k» w^t, r M twk, riitaanriT »f i
r ¦ m |T aiaaiADE. xttiia rxn. (if
\ A A., nlabli talk bt an) \
V DB. JMPiX A CO.. 1331 Market St. S. T. 9
CUTLERrHra
EVER/ BLADE VARRANTS)
iSr|IElfCE*S
i-s^ FAVORITE
pESCRIPTION
H FORWEAKWOWEW.
aDn Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXY ST. Kstab!!ahe4
In IS5 1 for ttie treatment nt Pri-vato
Df**-3»e*. i^«t Mannood. Debility or
<liv»s» wearing nn body and mind and
Skin Divasw- The Doctor cur*swli»a
otlifrs fall. Try feim. rbargw low.
Vmr+» ic anran Icr <l. . Call or wrlta.
Or. a. **. « I BBOX . Man Francisco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TH2
Great Mexican . R«m«dy; ctve* health aad
atrcastb to sexual ornaa. Depot, 323 ltir**»j It s is . said ithat there is , more , gold in
the medals, vases," chains ; and "art
objects in the Vatican. than there is in
circulation in Europe. 7
CHICAGO, Sept 6.— Jockey Helge
sen, who won the Brooklyn handicap
this year with The Picket and who
was recently released by Captain
Brown for. unsatisfactory riding, was
to-day indefinitely suspended by the
Harlem judges for disobeying riding
instructions on John Smulski, favor
fte fnr th« "fifth ra.CC.
Jockey Helgcsen Suspended.
Smock to Captain Olympic . Eleven.
Walter Smock, who plays quarter
back on the Olympic football team
this year, has been elected captain of
the eleven. The team will play its
first game of the season at Stanford
ene week from Saturday.
PORTLAND, Sept. 6.— To-day's results at
Irvlngton track: : . , ::. •
First race, four and a half furlongs — Au
rora B won, Batldor . second, ' Rarnarock II
third. Time. :Q6Vi. . .-¦.
Second race, seven and a half furlongs, sell
ing — War Times - won. Homage second, ¦ Phya
third. Time, 1:36%. .
.'Third race, ; four and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Lady Nlnora won. David Boland second,
Melar third. t Time, 60%. ¦¦..--¦ . .
i ¦-; Fourth race, five furlongs, selling — Bell Reed
won. Almoner second. Estado third. ,Time,
l:02»i. - . - ¦;: .' ¦.. ¦/ • •- .
. Fifth race,' one mile, selling — The Moor won,
J. V. Klrby second, Sallle Goodwin third.
Time. 1:42.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs,' selling—
The Stewardess : won, Alice Carey second,
Mlmo third. Time. 1:21%. ,
Portland Racing Results.
Second race, five furlongs, handicap—Bill
Young. 106, 2 to 1 (Bozemas), won; Wander
ing Boy, 104, .3 to 1 (Moran), second; J T S,
108, 3 to 5 (Henderscff), third. .. Time, 1:04.
Traveler and Dave Ahem also ran.
Third race, five furlongs, ' handicap — Botany,
108, 2 to 1 (Henderson),- won; Victoria's. 10S,
3 to 1 (Bozetnan), second; King Promise. " OS.
7 to 10 (Sullivan), third. Time, 1:02. 'Lena
Ledford and Abble A also ran. • . • " .
Fourth race, one . mile, .' handicap — North
Pole, 3 to 2 (Sullivan), won:F111e d'Or-105.
even (Burllngame), rccond: Tom Slavln, 110,
even (Henderson), third. Time, 1:42. :
First race, five furlongs, maidens — Samar,
100, 3 to 1 (Sullivan), won; Royal Copper, 107,
even (Hazard), second; John Attlerson, 107, 20
to 1 (Henderson), third. - Time. 1 :03. Vaza
line and Slskiyou also ran. Torsola bolted and
Jeff Davis was left. . .- fflPHfWP» m'
STOCKTON, Sept. 6.— Four nose
and nose finishes at the track this
afternoon gave the spectators some
thing about which to talk. Not a
winner was returned by even a head
and in one race four horses were so
close it was dUlicult for the judges to
place them. Summary:
Four of the Events on the Day's Card
Arc Won hy a Nose.
Botany Scores.
CLOSE FINISHES ARE SEEN
IN RACES AT STOCKTON
miv-ion Daj-.
The entry list for the ninth annual
regatta of the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association to be held on Admission
<kiy closed at 8 o'clock last night The
following entries were received-
B&saasis i8 - si *^
Twenty-flve-foct class— Sloop Ruby 20 OS
fe* t: i.ioop Neva. 21.92 feet; sloop Discovery
i^i.m feet. *
SpjPcUl yawl class— Iola.' 39.15 feet; Wave.
31. tit X£€t.
Thirty-foot class — Sloop Aeolua. 27.65 feef
«lr*>p Challenger. 2S.00 feet; sloop Truant (ac
cording to list measurement oa record), 27.57
Thirty-etx-foot claw— Sloop Presto, 30 OS
fi*t; Klocp Emma. 32.12 feet; sloop Harpoon.
•J2.90 feet: sloop Kdna (according to last meas
urement on record). 33.04 feet.
Foxty-four-foot class — Sloop Speedwell. 36 22
ff-et; elooo Xlxle, «0.57 feet.
A !*t>re of Yachts Will Race for the
Macdonou&h Trophies on Ad-
LARGE LIST OF ENTRIES
FOR THE ANNUAL REGATTA
2:02 class pacing, purse $1200 — Gallagher won
two straight heats In 2:05, 2:05. Sam R and
Major C also started. ¦ '¦
Capital City Stakes, 2:20 trot, purse 12500—
Alexander won the second, third and fourth
heata in 2:11, 2:13%, 2:11%. Texas won the
first heat in 2:12Vl. John Caldwell and Black
thorn also started. •
2:10 class pace, purse $1600 — Red Bird won
three straight heats in 2:11%. 2:06V4, 2:07%.
Ben F, Little Fred, Brownie. Rob Hughes and
Carlo also started.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 6. — Another large
crowd attended the second day's Grand Circuit
meet here to-day and saw some (rood racing.
Summary:
Gallagher Takes the 2:02 Class Purse
in Straight Heats, Covering \
Each Mile in 2:05.
IN RACE AT HARTFORD
Gray Pitches Well, While Butler Is
Hit Hard at Times.
LOS ANGELES, Sept 6. — Portland
dropped the first of the series to the
Angels by the score of 5 to 3. Gray
pitched a strong game, keeping the
hits well scattered, while Butler was
hit hard in the first Inning. He was
steady after that and good base run
ning ar.d loose fielding by the visitors
allowed the locals to score their last
two runs, aided by a timely hit. Score:
Los Angeles — I Portland —
AB. R. H. PA. I AB. R. H. PA.
Bernrd.cf 3 12 2 0 Fpencr,2b 4 10 2 4
Flood.2b. 4 13 2 6 Uurl*y.lb 4 0 1 10 1
lmlth.3b. 3 0 0 0 1 Nadeu,cf 4 0 0 5 0
IVavat.rf 4 2 2 3 0 Bteelmn.e 3 0 0 13
Chaae.lb 2 0 0 12 0 JJeck, 3b. 3 1 2 0 3
Toman, s 3 O 1 2 2'Clynes.rf 4 0 0 2 0
Roim. If. 3 1 1 0 OLaUy. if 4 0 110
t"ple», c. 4 0 0 6 1 naymd.s 3 112 6
Gray. p. 3 0 0 0 1 Butler, p 2 0 0 1,2
Totals. 29 5 0 27 11! Totals. 31 3 5 24 19
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angele* 3 00 1 0 0 0.1 x — 6
Base bits 4 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 x— 0
Portland 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 — 3
Base hit* 00001 01 21—5
SUMMARY.
• Stolen bases — Bernard, Bples. Errors — Lally,
Raymond, Smith (2). Three-base hit — Rons.
Two-base hit— Flood. Sacrifice hits — Smith.
Chase <2). First base on errors — Los Angeles
S. Portland 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 6,
' Portland 4. Bases on called balls — Off Gray 3.
off Butler 2. Struck cut — By Gray 6. Double
plays — Beck to Hurley to Raymond to Steel
man to Raymond; Flood to Chase; Toman to
Chaee. Hit by pitched ball — Ross. Time of
game — 1 hour 35 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
BROWNS EASY FOR ANGELS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Dundall, DixcUe. Pen
totoc.
Second race — Michael Byrnes,
Bowling Bridge. El Otros.
Third racc^ — Princcjs Tulane, Gre
2»or K, Fossil.
Fourth race — Emperor of India, At
iantico, Brand New.
Fifth race— Petit Due, Cutter, Lady
Ellison.
Sixth race^ — Ahola, Mayor Johnson,
Peter J.
Seventh race — Dutiful, Durbar,
Anna Beall.
Condition of the track— -Fast,
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Rumor Says Nelson May Be Matched
to Fight Gans, Taking the Place
of Lowell Man.
The Gardner-Canole mixup at New
Bedford on Monday afternoon has set
the sports about town talking. There
were several rumors floating about
town last night and it would appear
the boxing enthusiasts do not think
60 much of Gardner now. Billy Pierce,
the well known Boston critic, wired
Alex Greggains last night to the effect
that Gardner was robbed and that
Canole never had a chance.
According to Pierce. Canole selected
the referee and the latter gave him all
the best of it throughout Pierce says
in his dispatch that Gardner floored
Canole several times and won easily
It was rumored last night that Greg
gaJns sent a telegram to Battling Nel
eon offering him the match with Joe
Gnns In place of Gardner.
Greggair.s denied this and stated that
*n enthusiastic admirer of Nelson had
dlFpatched the wire and that he himself
was perfectly satisfied with the match
However. Greggains did wire Gardner
to wait twecty-four hours before leav
ing for this city, so there may be some
change of programme. It was an
nounced when Gans reached here that
the Gardner-Canole fight was off and
that Gardner would take on a third
rater. The reported poor showing with
Canole is expected to materially reduce
interest ia the coming fight.
EASTERN CRITIC SAYS
GARDNER WAS ROBBED
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Gold Saint, Armenia,
Lad;' Amelia.
Second race — Tradition, Linda Lee,
Ascot Belle.
Third race — Agile, Aeronaut; . BUI
Bafle;' II.
Fourth race — Beldame, Drake en
try. Ormonde's Right. .
FifUi race- — Spring Silk, Sir Lynne
uooil. Lady Prudence.
Sixth race — Grey Friar, Jane Hol
ley. Liberia.
Condition of the track — Fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
First race, six and a half furlongs, main
track, handicap, all ages, $1000 added— Lady
Amelia 124, Flying Ship 119, Toscan 114, Gold
Money 112, Adriutha 108. Armenian 102, Topic
03 G"old Saint 02. New York 00, Martinmas
00. Austin Allen 80.
Second race, five and a half furlongs. Fu
turity course, the Belles, two-year-old fillies,
J2C00 added— Tradition 125, Chrysltls 125,
Dorothy Gray 110. Iota 110, Diamond Flush
110. Heart's Desire 107, Handzarra 107. Linda
Lee 100. Fancy Dr^sn 100. Ascot Belle 100.
(Dorothy Gray and Linda Lee, Madden entry;
Heart's Desire and Iota,' Duryea entry.)
Third race, six furlongs, main track, the
Waldorf, colts and geldings, two-year-olds,
$4000 added— Aeronaut 118, Agile 118, Bill
Bailey II 118. Dandelion 118, Dazzle US.
Fourth race, one and three-eighth miles,
the September, three-year-olds, 93000 added —
Ort Wells 12«. Beldame 123. Graziallo 122,
Ormonde's Right 100, Garnish 106, Ocean
Tide 103. (Ort Wells and Ocean Tide, Drake
entry.)
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
maidens— Pa tagonian 112. Spring Silk 112,
Trouvllle 112. William Pidgeon 112. Sir Lynne
wood 112. Silver Foot 112. Toprlght 112, Clovls
112 Louis H 112, The Captain 112. Nult
Blanche 109. Lady Prudence 100, Ben Crockett
100. Rosie Dunham 109, Phantom 100, Princess
Athellng 109, Candida 109.
Sixth race, one and , a sixteenth miles, on
the turf, three-year-olds and up, selling —
Prince Chlng 103, Grey Friar 103, Jane Holly
100 Dimple 09. Mabel Richardson 08. Little
Em 96. Homestead 9U. Toi San !>5, Liberia 90.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 6.7—Bel
dame is carded to start in the Sep
tember stakes to-morrow. She will
meet Ort Wells. Graziallo, .Ormonde's
Right and others. The entries:
SHEEPSIIEAD BAY ENTRIES.
SEATTLE. Sept 6. — Seatte ham
mered out a victory in two innings
to-day. Thomas could not get things
groingr his way, and the Siwashes
clouted the ball in all directions. In
the second inninr they put in seven
clean hits in succession. With eight
runs to the good. Seattle did not do
any more scoring. Mike Lynch
pitched out the game for Tacoma
from the third inning and showed
great form, only three hits being made
off him. Charlie Hall was in good
form and struck out seven men. •. The
fielding behind him was sharp, sev
eral of Tacoma's hits looking good
for more than one base. Score:
Seattle — I Tacoma — ¦'•'.» ,-:
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHtn.cf 4 114 0 Doyle, rf. 5 0 3 11
Uohlr.2b 4 111 2T>hehn,3b 4 10 12
Dlhty.3b 4 2 3 2 O!js'rdyk.lb 4 0 17 0
Frlek.lf.. 3 2 11 l!Kagan.s. 5 0 12 1
Blkshp.c 4 12 8 O.Lch.cf.p. 4 0 111
Fmith.rf. 4 0 3 1 0 Tasey.Zb. 4 0 12 0
R.Hall.s. 4 0 11 3 McLln.lf 4 0 2 6 2
Mphy.lb 3 0 0 9 1 Hogan.c. 3 0 0 2 2
CHall.p. 4 110 4 1'hmasP 10 0 10
FUgld,cf 3 0 0 10
Totals. 34 8 13 27 11
I Totals. 37 1 9 24 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGa
Seattle 3 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 x — 8
Base hits 3 7 0 0 1 0 1 1 x — 13
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 0 1 1 2 3 2 0 0 1—9
SUMMARY.
Errors— Mohler 2, Doyle, Sheehan, Eagan,
Lynch. Thomas. Casey. Earned runs — Seattle
3. Three-base hits — Van Haltren. Delehanty
2. Russ Hall. Bases on balls— Off C. Hall 3.
oft Thomas 10. Hits — Off Lynch 3. Double
plays — Van Haltren to Murphy; McLaUghlin
to Hogan: Lynch to Nordyke. Time of ga.me —
1 hour and 35 minutes. Umolre — Brown.
Thomas Gets a Merry Beatins and Is
Forced to Bench.
SIWASHES USE THEIR CLUBS.
NEW TORK. Sept. 6.— New Tork won out
in the tenth on single* by Bowermaa. McGin
n!ty and Browne. Attendance. 3147. Score:
x . ,- , • R. H. E.
Nrw Tork 8 14 j
Boslc n 7- U B
Batttries— McGltmity and Bowerman; Fisher
and Ntedham. Uraplrt — Moran.
PITTSBLKG. Sept. 6 -In the first game
Itotwruulle had the visitors completely puz
rU<1. giving tut one hit until the tixth 'inning
Thf «»cond game wa« a batting contest. At-
Tendance. 3800. Scores:
Firn game — RHP*
Pittfburg 5 j 0 - E^
Cincinnati j" 1 6 J
nauerir*— Robertallle and Phelps; Walker
And Scnlei.
S«>cond game— r. h . e
Pittcburg i ,. ,
Cincinnati '..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 7 15 2
Batterics-rhmipi «nd Archer; Helium and
Schlel. I mpire— Johnstone.
ST. LOUIS. S«-pt. 6.— With a lead of eight
run* in the ninth inning. Chicago eent Groth
to tbr pitcher's box. Hie pitching xraa erratic
«nd the locals scored three runs before being
retired. Attendance. €«00. Score:
Et. Louis H g E i
Chicago '..**.!'.'.*.1O 13 0
Batt^rie.— McFarland and McLean; Weimer
Crotbe and Kling. Umpire— Zimmer.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
HAUVERMAN WILL COACH
STANFORD UNIVERSITY TEAM
Takes the Place With the Cardinal
Eleven Left Vacant by the Res
ignation of Billy Erb.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 6.
Head Coach Lanagan announced to
day that C. D. Hauverman, '04. had
been secured to take the position of
assistant coach recently left vacant
by "Billy" Erb. Hauverman played on
last year's varsity and also during 1 the
season of 1901 and 1902. He ia con
sidered one of the best centers that
ever came to Stanford. Hauverman
will take charge of the freshman
squad next Thursday and will help
with the line men on the varsity team.
Dr. 'Williams has also be»n secured
as an assistant coach. Williams was
also a strong center at Stanford and
was quick to get through the line and
block kicks. It is probable that sev
eral other Stanford alumni will de
vote part of their time to the coach
ing of individual Dositions-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 6.— Ed Ball gal
loped over a fast field of sprinters in
to-day's' feature race at Delmar. " Ice
Water arid Hilee were heavily played
to beat the winner, but were never In
the hunt. Favorites had an even break
with the outsiders. The weather was
clear, and the track fast. Attendance,
4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-yera-olds :
Bfettlng. -Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— Annaoclle Lee, U3 (P«rln) 8 1 1 1
11 tol— Preventatlve, us (H.Antn) 1 3 1 2n
» to 1— Trixle White. lOfJ (Howel) 2 2 1 3 ns
Tlnitf, l:ia Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Rice Bros/ b. f. by Sorcerer-Maria Stoope.
Leila Hunter 85. Waketu! 96, OUle Benn-nt 103,
Jce Graham 95, Jaek Koran 10S. Lady Lou U5.
M-sllwood 103. Fred Pelsmeyer *>5, Passive US,
finished as named.
SECOND 11ACE— One mile and seventy
yards; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
. 5 to 1 — Amorous. 101 (Koleyy. . . . 1 . 1 n In
S to 1— J.'Cantrill, 102 (J.Conwy) 8 2h'2n
20 to 1— Bin! wood. 107 (Du«an)..7 3 4 33-
Timo, 1:4s. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. G. Klueber's br. g. (4) by Shapfell-Arrioura.
Golden Lieht 107, St. Slmonlan 107, Murmur
102, George Vivian 107, Hucena 107, Tony Lt>p
pi»g 102. Compass 107. Billy Moore 107, finished
as named.
- . . « . _.
THIRD RACE— Six furlonssi; two-year-olds
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Kven-The Cook. 107 (D. Austin) 4 12 15
3 to 1— Hersam. 9G (H. Andrsn) 3 2 1 2 n
20 to 1— Opinion, ICO. (3. Dlckson>.2 4.3 3h
Time, 1:13ft. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J- Q. Mllam & Co.'s b. f. by Pr. ilc-
Bride-The Sweeper. Anadarco 100, Miss Powell
iK>, finished as named. .
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Ed Ball. 105 (Foley) 1 1 5 1 tt
Oto 2— Ice Water, 100 (Austin).. 4 3 6 2 2
20 to 1— Responsive. 84 (Rice) 6 5h 3 ns
Time. 1:14*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Mulkey's ch. s. (4) by Verge
d'Or-Niobe. HUee-,114. Dargin 95, Tally H
102. .finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mite; three-year-olds
and up: . .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i • Fin.
4 to 1— L. Strathmore. 96 (Augtn) 3 1 a 15
8tol — Triple Silver, 90 (Dickson) 122 2n
3 to 1— Pinochle. 00 (Howell) 2 3 2 3 3
Time. 1:42%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. P. Hayes' b. m. (t>) by Strathmore-
Lady Loud. Evening Star 103, Glennevis 108,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACK— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and an:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 10— Bucvleuth. 162«(Andrsn) « 1 n 1 n
6 to 1— Avoid. 107 (Conway) 7 2 10 2 15
12 to 1— Dawson, 100 (McMullen) 4 4 2 3 2
Time. 1:50. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. B. Schreiber's b. g. (3) by Odd F*l
low-Montgcmery Cooper. Albany Oirl 107,
Blennenworth lf)7. Getchel 117, Prodigal Son
110. Secundus 10S, finished as named.
DLXMAR ENTRIKS.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6. — The entries for
the races atDelmar to-morrow follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Detest HIS.
La Amanda 103. Lady Haabrouck 103, At ways
Fkithful 102. Orphelia Martin 102. Albertoia
97. Miss CYeeh 97. Bush Smith U7. Codex 97.
Fontesla 07. Florl 0<J.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Jake
Greenberg 107, Second Mate 100, Behoove 105.
Crime 1W, Onanetta 104. Pepper Dick 104,
Mlndora. 102. Ivernia 102. Dr. dark i)0, Re
glna D W, The Hebrew »3, Milton Young S3,
Third race, six furlonsc selling — Feby Blue
1C8. Apple Sweet 1CS. Lady Churchill 103,
f-ancttratnia 101!. Pu&ky Secret 102.. Lemon Girl
102.: Lona S 07. Easter Walters 91.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Sardlan loT. Blissful 10&. Strader 10V,
John Doyle 100. Lubln IK), Lacy Crawford 9y,
Flora "WUloughby ao.
Fifth race. . one mile, purse — Lady Strath
more . 107, Blennenworth 107. Dr. Burns 10T.
Barkleylte 107, Merry Sport 107. . Lyrist t»7,
Bettie Deceiver 97. Trogon 07. Sam Stevens 07.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
King Rose 113. Cresccrtwi 110, Eleanor How
ard 107, Bab 1C<;. Miss Manners 104, Lovable
102, Sting 102. Athelrosc 102, One Mere 102.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First raco — Ophelia Martin. Bush
Smith, Albert Ola.
Second race — Mimlora. The Hebrew.
Ivernia.
Third race — Lemon Girl, Easter
Walters, Sanctlssimo.
Fourth race — Blissful, Lacy Craw
ford, John Doyle.
Fifth race — Blennenwortb, Lady
Strathmore. Dr. Burns.
Sixth race — Bab, Kins Rose, Athel
rose. *
Condition of the track — Fast.
The last of the doubles tennis teams
from Southern California were disposed
of yesterday in the tournament at San
Rafael. The northern players are thus
assured of at least one championship
title. Percy Murdock and Drumraond
MacGavin, the best northern team,
easily disposed of Fritz Overton and C.
Elliott of Los Angeles. The match was
close at times, but MacGavin and Mur
dock seemed able to win games when
ever it was necessary. . The first set
went to MacGavin and Murdock, with
the loss of only one game. In the sec
ond Overton and Elliott led at 4-2. but
their opponents, took the .next four
games handily. In the third set Over
ton and Elliott did less lobbing and
won from a 5-2 lead after their oppon
ents had almost evened up the score.
MacGavin and Murdock won the fourth
set without losing a game.
MacGavin was easily the star of the
four and did some remarkable smash
ing. His driving and serving were also
better than that of the other three.
Murdock gave his partner good sup
port but did not play as brilliant a
game. Overton played an excellent
game, but his partner, Elliott, was in
company a trifle to fast for him. 'Mac-
Gavin and Murdock are in the semi
finals and are almost sure to win. They
will meet either Allen and Baker or
Gardner and Rolfe in the finals. In the
semi finals MacGavin and Murdock
will have to dispose of Griffln and
Whitney. The final match will be
played Friday afternoon.
The singles has narrowed down to
five men and they are the best players
on the coast. In the upper half Over
ton and Murdock will come together
and in the lower half MacGavin will
meet the winner of the Hunt-Hendrick
match, which will be played this after
noon. >,"-¦' 'V ; -..'
Murdock played great tennis when he
beat Robert Vance three 6-2 sets.
In the ladies' singles Miss Florence
Sutton disposed of her sister, Mrs.
Bruce, easily. The score was 6-2, 6-4.
In the semi finals Miss Hazel Hotch
kiss beat Mis** Ethel Ratcliffe in
straight,sets. The winner played a re
markable game and many expressed
the opinion yesterday that she will
make either Violet or Florence Sutton
play their best to win. Miss Hotchkiss
plays one of these two in the finals and
a great match will result.
Only one match was played in mixed
doubles. In it Miss Violet Sutton and
Trowbridge Hendrick won two close
sets from Miss Bessie Valleau and
Drummond MacGavin. It was an in
teresting match from start to finish.
In the men's doubles two matches were
finished. In both the score stood two
sets all. Allen and Baker won the
fifth and deciding set from Variel and
Wayne easily, the score being 6-1. The
set between Whitney and Griffin and
Foley and Dunlar> was close and went
to the former by a score of 8-6.
The following matches were played:
Ladles' singles — Miss Florence Sutton beat
Mrs. Bruce «-?. «-4; Miss Hotchkise beat Miss
Ratcliffe. 1<V-S, 6-0. ¦-¦;:- ' -
Mixed doubles — MUs Violet Sutton and Hen
drtck beat Miss Valleau and MacGavin. «-2.
Men's singles — UacOavln beat L. C. Bo
zart, 6-0. tt-3. 6-0; Murdock beat VarieJ, 6-2,
6-2, * 6-2. '
Men's doubles — Whitney and Griffin beat Fo
ley and Dunlap, t>-2, 2-B. 6-3. 6-S. 8-6; Baker
antf*Allen beat Variel and Wayne, 5-7, «-.),
4-« 8-6 6-1: MacGavin and Murdock beat
Elliott and Overton, ti-1. C-4. 4-0. 6-0; Baker
and Allen beat Janes and Long, 6-3. tf-2. t>-l.
Ladles' doubles — Miss Valleau and Miss
Hotchkus beat Miss Weed and Miss Mearns.
6-3. 6-2.
A telegram was received from Cham
pion Bell last night stating that he
would arrive here Friday night and
will defend his title to the singles
championship on Saturday afternoon.
CHANDLER EGAX, THE GOLFER,
CARRIES OFF THE HONORS
Is In the Lead for the National Cham
pionship in Competition on the
Caltusrol links.
SHORT HILJLS, X. J., Sept. 6.— The
results of the first day'3 play in the
Natic-nal Amateur Golf Championship
tournament, which began on the links
of the Baltusrol Golf Club this morning,
were somewhat surprising 1 , in that bet
ter scores were looked for from the
leading players. H. Chandler Egan of
Chicago carried off the honors of the
day with an SO for IS holes. He was
driving rather poorly or he would have
made a 78. ; . ;,
Next to Egan's score came that of
Champion Walter J. Travis of Garden
City. A. M. Reid of St. Andrews and
F. Herreshoff of 'Ekwanok, each of
whom made the rc-und in 81. Among
those who will play to-morrow is John
Lawson of San Francisco, 83.
Amateur Boxers Meet To-Xight.
The monthly boxing shew of the
Hayes Valley Club will be held to
night at Woodward's Pavilion. A good
programme has been arranged, con
sisting of seven bouts. George Peter
sen and Ted Wolff will meet again at
145 pounds. The remainder of the pro
gramme is made up of goes between
promising youngsters of various
weights. Billy Roche will referee all
/the contests.
Takes Lysol to Spite Husband.
Mrs. Mary Bell, formerly an at
tendant at St. Luke's Hospital, but
now living at 307 Fourth street, after
quarreling with her husband yester
day resolved to leave him. a widower.
To accomplish this she took a small
dose of lysol. Her life was saved
by Chief Surgeon Stephen at the
Emergency Hospital.
Son Suetl^or Mother's Care.
Alleging that Frank Hall, who Is
said to be prominent and wealthy, has
not kept his written agreement to pay
for the care of his mother, a suit
was begun against him yesterday by
Marguerite St. Clair for $2600. Of the
sum demanded 52300 is for services to
the defendant's mother from May 15.
1901. to date, and $390 for clothing,
medicine and board furnished.
R. II. E.
Cleveland 3 10 o
St. Louis 6 8 2
Batteries — Rhodes and Buelow; Howell and
O'Connor.
DETROIT. Srpt. 6.— Detroit never had a
chanc* againM the pitching of Patterson. At
tenudiiitce, 1200. Score:
. R. H. E.
Detroit 0 7 3
Chicago 4 5 i
Bitterirs— Killaln and Drill; Patterson and
ilcFarland.
iwconi came — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 1 4 0
JCew York 2 6 0
Batteries— Henley and Schreck; Griffith and
McGulre.
BOSTON. Sept. 6.— Although Boston won the
first frame to-day, the W&shingtons registered
their first victory of the season over the local
r'». v ' '">¦ in the second. As a result Boston
tirepped to eecond plac« tn the league stani
tng. Attendance, 7000. Scores:
Fir*t game— R. H. E.
Boston 4 7 1
Washington 1 8 3
Haitcries — Tannehlll and Criger; Townsend
and Clark.
t^oond game — R. H. E.
T\a»hiJJSton « 12 2
XicMHon 3 9 2
Battfries — Patten and Kittredge; Dineen and
Furrell.
CLEVELAND. Sept. «.— Rhodes' wildneas
«as the cause of Cleveland'* defeat by St.
Louis to-day. Attendance. 1200. Score:
NEW YORK. 6.—^The local
Americans took both games of to
day's double-header from the Phila
delphians. Waddell struck out four
teen men in the first game, but Orth
kept the visitors well in hand. The
eoc-ond game was won by Grilflth's
guod work. Attendance, 4200. Scores:
First game— R. II. E.
Philadelphia 2 7 1
Ntw York 5 7 1
Batteries— Waddell and Sehreck; Orth and
Mctiuire.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National L#aj;ue.) j (American league.)
W. L. Pet. 1 W. L. Pet.
New York...SS 32 .733 New York ..."3 44 .«24
<tii'-aeo 75 4ti .»59> Boston 74 46 .61 <
3'jttfburif ...«3 4» .:>s3:Chicago «0 01 -3«S
«-inc)nn«ti ..«» .".2 .."rtiFhile'V-lphia X* **» ¦••**
ft. Louis 62 <>3 .433IC!oveland ...64 62 .OT2
Jioston 44 7K .Ml St. Louis 4S €7 .41S
HrcK.klyn ...41 78 ::*:>; Detroit 47 fi» .40rt
1'hiladrlphia .35 So .292,\Vashngton ..2a 1*0 .144
Lehman worked off a checkered lay
out on the innocent fans yesterday and
the Seals partook of a shameful
victory- The making of runs was a
joke. It commenced in round one and
never ceased for more than an inning
or so at a time. Oakland settled down
to lose the game before It was well
commenced, and at that nobody seemed
to care. Score, 9 to 1.
Jones was not so bad until the team
commenced to accumulate a bunch of
miscues that faded the work of any
s=and lot collection that ever performed
in the southern portion of this village.
Doc Moskiman was the main erratic
kid. It was his inglorious work of boot
ing two straight in the fourth spasm
that put the Seals away to the good
and allowed them to go to .the wire in
a blind walk.
The entire game was one of the
hugest jokes that* has been foisted on
the unsuspecting fans this season. Of
course there was no crowd to look at
the game, but those who were watch
ing it became sore and made a few
unkind remarks about gold-brick ball
and false pretenses.
Pat Meany was back in the going
after a lay off of a few weeks and the
fans welcomed him heartily. Miller
gazed at the trouble from the bench,
while Anderson chased 'em around the
second sack. Schlafley and Streib are
both suffering from injuries and may
not be back in the game for many days.
The score:
San Francisco — i Oakland —
AB. K. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
V'Brn.lb 4 2 O 12 0 l-^ncks.s 3 0 0 3 4
Hldbd.lf 5 0 14 opanlr.rf 3 0 0 2 1
Waldn.cf 4 1S3O >)lvy,2blf 40102
Meany.rf 5 2 10 0 MsknU2b 4 0 0 3 2
Irwln. 3b 4 13 0 2 Krugr.lf 4 0 2 2 0
Andsn.2b 4 112 5 !*vrx.3b 4 0 111
Gochnr. s 4 0 1 2 3 Mark.lh 4 0 0 12 0
Gorton.c 4 1 1 S 1 Byrnes.c 3 0 14 2
¦\Vhaln.p 5 10 1 3 Jonea.p. . 3 12 0 5
Total 33 9 10 27 14 1, Total 32 1 7 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 1 11500 010—0
Base hits 1 1 2 4 0 2 0 0 0— 10
Oakland 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 1—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Van Buren. Meany. Gorton (2),
Dur.leavy Krug?er. Errors — Moskiman ¦ (2),
Ganley <2), Francks. Devereaux, Byrnes (2),
Van Buren. Two-base hits — Hildebrand. Wal
drcn, Jones, Kruger. Sacrifice hlts^ — Ganley,
HUdebrnnd, "VValdron, Gorton. First base on
errors — San Francisco «. Oakland 1. First
base on called balls — OS Whalen 1, off Jones
4. Left on bares — San Francisco 11. Oak
land 5. Struck out — By Whalen 2. by Jones
4. Hit by pitcher — Anderson. Double play —
Gochnauer to Anderson to Van Buren. Passed
bi.ll — Byrnes. Wild pitch — Jones. Time of
game. 1:55. Umpire, McCarthy.
•AD SIWASHES ISm... CMF
W. L. Pet | W. L. Pet.
Los Angreles.22 15 .K33 San Fran ...IS 21 .402
Tacorea 23 Iti .fis» Oakland 18 23 .43»
Seattle 20 20 .500;Portland ....17 23 .425
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
(Pacific Coast League.)
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6.— The Olympian
championship contests were continued
to-day and record breaking perform
ances were numerdus. The American
fifty-yard swimming record of 31 sec
onds, held by David Gaul of the Penn
sylvania Swimming Club, was broken
by Zoltoa Holomay of Budapest and
Scott Leary of San Francisco, who tied
in covering the distance in 28 3-5 sec
onds. In swimming oft the tie Holo
may won, lowering the record still fur
ther, to 23 seconds flat.
C M Daniels, who won the 220-yard
championship in 2:44 1-5, broke all rec
ords for the distance, tncludine the
world's record of 2:46 flat, held by-
David Billington of England, and the
American record of 2:50 4-5. held by K.
Carroll Schaefer. Summaries:
Fifty-yard championship— "Won by Zoltoa
Holomay. Budapest. Hungary: second, Scott
Leary Olvir.plc Club. San Francisco: thlrU
C. M. Daniels. N. Y. A. C. Time. 2S second*.
Swimming on back 10O yards— Walter Broc.<.
Germany first; George Hoffman. Germany.
second; Geor«re Zacharias. Germany, taml.
Time. 1:16 4-5. * . '
One mile, handicap— R. E. Beach, Chlca^
A. A. <05:43). first; H. B. Warr«n, N. T. A.
C. and Pelham Manor, New York (0:43). sec
ond. Time. «2:<W 3-5. , "
440-yard handicap — "vTon by E. H. Adam*
(20 seconds). N\ T. A. C: second. Ki»3
(scratch). Budapest. Hungary. Time. 6:44 _-j.
220- yard championship — Won by C. M. Dan
iels. N. Y. A. C: second, Francis Galley.
Olympic Club, San Francisco: third. E.
Jtausch. Germany. Time, 2:44 1-5.
"Water polo— New York team defeated Chi
cago, 6 to 0.
Giants Keep Right on Win
ning, While Pirates and
Beds Quit Even for the Day
Dr. Moskiman Boots Two in
Succession and Five Buns
Come Swarming Over Pan
Takes the 220-Yard Cham
pionship From F. Gailey,
Who Sports the Flying "0"
"HUBE' ? FANS FOURTEEN
Will Arrive Here on Friday
and Will Be Keady to De
fend Title at San Hafael
CHAMPION BELL COMING
EKKORS PILE UP FAST
Seventh race, one mile, sellings— Durbar 00,
General Steward 00. Octo Cafe 03, Dutiful 93,
Determination 94, Ebony 95, Norel 93, Blans
ford 98. Anna Beall 100, Day 102. Hans Wag
ner 107. ,-.•.... ,_;¦.: „-.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Del Carina 97. Cutter 100. Sincerity Belle 101,
Glrdlestone 102, Lady Ellison 104, Petit Due
105. Adare 106. Silverskln 106.
Sixth ra«e, six furlongs, selling — Jehane 94,
Mad Mullah 98, Peter J 100, Payne 102. Robin
Hood 103. Ahola 104. Mayor Johnson 104, Com
rade 104. Orfeo 105. Money Muss 105. The
Forum 108. Juvenal Maxim 110.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Telephone 93,
New Mown Hay 04. Brand New K>, Great
Eastern 98, San Remo 08. Thane 103, Fleuroa
105, King Ellsworth 105. Celebration 109. Em
peror of India lOtt. Atlantlco 104.
Second race, five furlongs, pursa — Bonebrake
103, El Otroa 106. Colonel Ruppert 100, Exalted
IOC. Clydeo 100. Maxnar 106, Free Booter 106.
Bowling Bridge 106. Portsmouth 106, Philan
thropist 107, Michael Byrnes 110.
Third race, one mile, handicap— Princess Tu
lane 03, Fonsoluca 93, Gregor K 93, Fosslll 97,
Beau Ormonde 100. ,
CHICAGO, Sept. 6. — The entries for
to-morrow's racing at Harlem track
follow:
First race. five, and a half furlongs, selling
purse — Green Rose 91. Effle M 95, Dixelle 06,
Fleetwood 97, Mary Eleanor 98, Dundail 99,
Pentotoc 99.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; telling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 10— A. Defour, 1»4 (Greenflld) 11113
Oto 1— Ben Chance. 99 (Nlcol). 4 3221
20 to 1— Voi la. 99 (Harris) 6 2 1 3 1
Time, 1:53 2-5. Start good- Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. f. (3) by Artlllery-
Swanhllda. Major Mansir 108. Exclamation
104. Jusque La 0G, finished as named.
•B1XTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purse: *
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Proof Reader, 112 (Hnry) 2 4 \$ 1 2ft
C to 1— Armorer. 112 (Prior) 3 212 1
2a to 1— La Chaperon.lUO (Melye) 5 3 a 3 3
Time. 1:42 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's cl>. c. by Orslni-The Proof.
Soldier of • Fortune 112,-Fortuny 109, Arah 109,
Tellfare 109. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— One Way. 103 (Knapp)... 6 28 1
4 to 1— Monte. 107 (Henry) 5 58 24
9 to 1— Lord Dixon. 107 (Troxler) 7 o h 3 2
Time. 1 :20. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. D,. Miller's b. c. by Lazzaxone-
On The Way. John" Smulskl 118, Devout 103,
Big Beach «7. McClelUn tw. Before 1«3, Kling
man Dti. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; all
aces:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Sad 9am, 106 (Sherwd). 1 1 n 1 'i
9 to 2— Silent Water, 102 (Grnfd) « 3 « 2 5
50 to 1 — Sing Matter, 107 (Feicht) 3 2^3h
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, H. Green's ch. g. (6) by Rancocas-
Heeley. The Fog 110, Captain Neroth S6,
Crestfallen 113, Fly Lady 102, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— One mllo and seventy yards;
purse; three-year-olds and upward:
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Foncasta. 94 (Knapp)... 2 2h 13
IS to 5— WWright, 00 (Feicht).. 4 33 2*4
11 to 20— Fossil. 105 (Sheehan).. 3 In 3 2
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. James Curl's ch. c. (3) by Fonso-Lucasta.
Captain Arnold 104 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; all
axes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— TheGadny, 88 (Greenfd) 6 6 5 11
6 to 1— Tyrolian, 88 (Aubuchn) 5 16 2 2
11 to 10— Red Raven. 113 (Davis) 2 3 4: 3 h
Time 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. C. Keeno's b. c. (2) by Rossington-
Conceal. Handy Bill 91, Phil 107. Cleora 108.
Mlsa Deuce S3, Potrero Grande 110, finished
as named.
William Wright shot to the front at
the start and set a slow pace. At the
far turn Fossil passed William Wright
and his backers expected to see him
come home alone. In the meantime
"Big Bill" Knapp had saved , Foncasta
for the final effort and when called
uppn the Curl colt rushed to the front
and won as he pleased with three
lengths to spare.'; Summary: ' .
FIRST RACE— Five Iturlongs; puree; maiden
two-year-olds s .¦-'!-*
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. »i Fin.
10 to 1— Kckersall, 113 (Bobbins) 1 3 V5 11
3 to 1— Seasick, rO3 (Mountain) 4 11 2 1
7 to 1— Jar.eta. 110 (Troxler). .. 9 6% 3 h
Timo 1:00 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. C. P. Fink's b. c. by Gramroont-
Rose Prim. Envoy 10S, Ralph Reesa 114.
Happy Jack 113, Raviana 105. San Jose 108,
Mary's Gallant 118, Tarcoola Bella 10R, finished
as named.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Only an ordinary
card was presented at Harlem to-day
and a small .crowd was in attendance.
Long shots had pretty much their own
way, winning four of the seven events.
Probably the best race of the after
noon was the third," a. mile and. seventy
yards affair. Fossil, on his previous
performance, looked to be In a. soft
spot and was always an odds on choice.
Opening at 7 to 10, he was pounded
down to 11 to; 20. Those whe never back
odds on choices took a chance on Wil
liam Wright, forcing him from 4 to 1
to 18 to 5. Foncasta went up from 4 tv
7 to 1. .
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; three- year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Eagle, 97 (Kuna) 3 2 2 *1 3
30 to 1— Allan. 9S (Cochran) 1 12 23
4 to 1— Lady Potentate. 5(0 (Trvs) 4 5 h 3 H
Time. 2:00 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Patchogue Stable's ch. g. by Bath
ampton-Trouta. Gold Dome, Leader, Stone
wall. SUverdays, Irascible, Flexion, Brook
lyr.lte. Passbook, Ed Tlerney, Montebank, Bo
lina, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds: purse:
Hc-ulng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— U Gordon. 112 (O'Neill) 3 1 Vi 1 n
11 to 6 — Bulwark. 100 (Hildebrnd) 2 3h 2 3
6tol— Navajo. 112 (Cochran)... ft 9 3h
Time. 1:07 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, F. Burley's ch. c. by Watercress-
Sweet. Coeur de Leon. Floralia, Palmtree,
My Buela. King Cole, Steeltrap. Belligerent,
Sandalwood. Legatee, Sir Ralph, Gallowses,
Agent, Georse, Saint. Favermeer. Lord Edge
more. Driftwood, Cornell, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Pulsus, 97 (Davis) Ill UH
7 to 1 — Marmee. 93 (Cochran)... 4 2 1^2 2^,
i> to 6 — Cloverland. 10O (Hllubnd) 2 5 3 2
Time. 2:li6. Start rood. Won cleverly.
Winner. F. tiebhard's br. c. by Top Gallant-
Glenhop. Major Daingerfield, Dekaber, fin
ished as named. J ; ::: :
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the. Autumn;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. 9i Fin.
1.1 to \O— Waterside, 112 (O'Nell) 1 11 1 IV,
7 to 1— Pasadena. 112 (Hildbd) 3 2^2 1^,
S to 5 — Jack Lory. 112 (Odom) 2 3 2 3 10
Time. 1:12 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner,- J. E. Madden's b. c. by Watercress-
Troyene. Quadrille, Princess Erls, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles; the Oakdale cup; handicap steeplechase,
by rentlemen riders:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3— Headmaster, 158 (Stone) *. 1 10 1 200
13 to 5— C. Hobin, 154 (Mather) 2 2 2.
Time. 5:22 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mr. Story's b. g. by Logic-La sylphide.
Two starters.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, Sept. 6. — The
feeling of the regular racegoer to-day
was one of satisfaction, inasmuch as
there was an absence of the enormous
crowds ivhich invaded the grounds at
the Coney Island Jockey Club course
on Saturday and Monday. Still specu
lation was brisk and the volume of bet
ting on the last three "races was large.
Two decidedly unpleasant incidents of
the day were the serious injuries in
flicted upon Jockey Raynor, who rode
Dekaber in the fourth race, and the
busting of a blood vessel by Cock Rob
in, one of two horses which started in
the Oakdale Cup, a steeplechase for
horses ridden by gentlemen riders.
With respect to the injury inflicted
upon Rayner, the stewards announced
they could not get sufficient evidence, to
be able to punish either Jack Martin or
Hildebrand. who were the two jockeys
nearest to Rayner when his mount De
kaber was forced against the rails. De
kaber finished pulled up. Her rider's
left leg had been so gashed by the
fence rail as to be cut in two places and
it was necessary to lift him out of the
saddle at the paddock gate and take
him to the hospital tent. Meanwhile
Pulsus, at 5% to 1 and well backed, had
surprised the talent by leading all the
way and winning by a length and a
half from Marmee, with the favorite,
Cloverdale, running much below expec
tations. Major Daingerfleld was run
ning so strong: as they entered the
stretch that it seemed he had a chance,
but he curled up after that. The time
of the race, 2:06, is fair. It was the
first race won this season by Frederick
Gebhard, who is the owner of Pulsus.
Summary:
FIHST RACE — One mile; selling; three-year
o!ds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 1 to ."•— IX Bernard, H'.» (Callah&n) 3 2 1 13
4 to 1— Brooklynite, 92 (Notter).. B 4 3 2n
4 to 1— Letola, 94 (C. Phillips).. 2 1 % 3 3
Time, 1:30. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. E. Smathsrs' b. c. by Florist-Veroni.
King Pepper, Sals, Flammula, Cottage Maid,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DANIELS' GREAT EACE
Athletics Go Down to Dou
ble Defeat at the Hands
of Griffith's Performers
Commuters Trot Out Motley
Aggregation Which Plays
Some Streaked Baseball
"Big Bill" Knapp Lands Fon
casta a Winner Over
Fossil.
Olympic Clubman Ties With
Holomay in Eecord Time,
but Is Finally Beaten
Ed Ball Gallops Over a Fast
Field of Sprinters at
Delmar.
Jockey Rayner Severely In
jured and Martin and Hil
debrand Are Suspected.
Miirdpck and MacGavm Seem
Assured of the Final Hon
ors in Tennis Doubles
NEW YORKERS
AGAIN ON TOP
SEALS GATHER
IN MANY RUNS
NORTHERN TEAM
IS SUCCESSFUL
STEWARDS UNABLE TO FIX BLAME
FOR ROUGH RIDING AT SHEEPSHEAD
LEARY PROVES
FAST SWIMMER
LOS ANGELES NINE LEADS IN THE RACE FOR THE BASEBALL PENNANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER V.7. 1901.
6
ADVERTISE31ENTS. _ . ,^
i©©»0a©©oo©©«©o©o©©©e«©oo««©©©o«©«e©9»©o^©*o©9©©oo«»o©©ooo«ca©«©©3ii
y^^^\$JX^^^^\ For A °y Matl Under S^xty Who Does Not •
C^^T^ 9^^^ r^ 8s^V Fee! as * <Husk y" as He Ever D3d °
j«S??iw^ There's no rational excuse for a man who is not yet sixty ye^ira ©
> rfStXV: . MKa old grunting and com plaining about pains in his back, stiffness In his ©
j^»«rS^2L~ :B£ *~ iapM^^ak. shoulders ar.d legs, that "tired feeling." weak back. ni»rv«s. indices- O
JS&^^^^^S^r^^^^f/SfvSlRK tlon. constipation and failure of vitality. It should not b«». Nature O
¦WJbSkM^St '"p~' started you with a constitution that ousht to have held you Rood un- Q
4BBHBBgS3E?H g^^ZMBTItW^a. til you are and you oupht to feel like a boy row. But you a
llj_lMIMgO!jLL 1 EE?J/3nB8K!8BllL have overdone some things and wasted your vitality. Ton still hava X
l$$am£SP&<T3?$ (JjS&ffilSs£$MisSL the constitution, but lack the force. That's electricity. You lenow that S
. jMJ8^^S^^ruf^J^^g^m el * ctrlclty is vital{ ty. I can restore It. Q
BE A BOY AT SIXTY %
lWWKgg|g2^1/ / //'k»yy-^SBagaay Mr. If. A. Lehndorff. proprietor of the Fernando Hotel. Fernando ®
ititvmlfilBf "^lLT.^^. Ca l- * 8 a sample Of what my Bolt will do. Mr. LehndoriT is on- of °
\t* V WBlPS&BP tne b * st known men In Southern California. He has been resident of ©
t ',1& v '¦ffi§BS& the valley for years Is a G. A. R. .veteran, and owns the respect an.l O
TffiWg&i/ ' Rt? x $&$£S§i7 rstecm of thousands of j.^opi? who know him socially and in business Q
• '" ;^HSHp '• 1 'JSsjL Mr - I-ehndorsT was a surferor from the pan.?s of rheumatism fOT a A
5^* 1 '*?**^ lons tJ nie. Ho triod everythir.R known to doctors for the trouble nid ?
Ig 18^ never got any lasting ber.eRt until he used Dr. McLaughlin's Electric 2?
- tt> »K / Belt- He is now a wel1 man. and says he will praise the Belt for all *
t iM It ' * time as the best remedy known for this terrible trouble. ©
\^\> ;|K // I will P a >* 51000 reward for a cas? of Nervous Debility. Varicocele Rheu <©
«S>3«5Hn s 4i matlsm. r.ame Back. Lumbago. Sciatica. a:iy case of Kidney Disease that ha, ©
*m2?/i« *»ll not son#; ns far as Br '-P"fs Disti\sc. Indiycsti.^n. Constipation or any weak Q
yLit-f a»J>/i ness which. I cannot cure with my nnw Improved Electric Belt the marvel of O
Ws&ilAiV/R electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has -ever been intro- «,
< ; mw? ; 1 ducetl. This Belt Is complete with Free Electrical Suspensory S
fc: fc\w* -I This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weakne<m 2
? e/K I of men. varicocele, etc It develops and expands all weak nerves and chect^ •
L r W 1/ a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor. Varicocel* or Debility can resist ®
¦ .T, J. ¦ ".^. v. II ¦ this powerful Electric Attachment. It n-ver fails to cure. . . Q
. -L-'— . ' • K [I Mr - E - F. Lehman. Hooker. Cal., writes. March 11th: "The feeling of uesnondenirr 1. O
•=^3~ fe-* ' V^J. »one and I hare perfect ccnf.der.c* in myself j now." I'm a. well man." ' '• jj
IP! ' , No man should be weak, no man should auffer the loss of that vitality -ft
-2£3£rEft g'il wheih renders life worth living. No man should allow hlms'lf to beenme lean C&
feflV a man than nature intended him: no man should suffer when there ia at b^nn .. a
TjE^^^a^gg^ certain cure fcr his weakness. na A W
j^B^T Mr. "-W FVQulte, Cedarvtlle. Cat..* writes. March 10th: "Tour Belt cured me after 1 £
. bad spent $1000 in useless dectorln*. . * O
\ -.1 have cured thousands of men who have squandered the sayings of years in useless doctorinr ¦ j
- An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35. That shows it renews the vleo- of tout.** •
It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains. Lumbago, Kidney Trouble, banishes pain in a night,- never to return *" umn - 0
FREE BOOK- 4 Try "A" Be lKv W J" to me to-day for^ my beautiful illustrated book, with cuts showing how my Belt •
I nLLUVun | S applied, full of good reading matter for men who want to be "The Noblest work of Cod" a 0
MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. r Go « — A g
of my A BeVt T c6NSUrTATI O ONTREE U and *** '^ *"* * wUI ahOW you how you ran *? cured Bnd K lv * a free test •
DR. M^CMcLAUOHLIN^ 906 Market St. .'s«.tes?cii §
Offlee Hours: 8 a, m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. ,10 to .1. SeatUe Office. 105 Columbfa St. L Oa Angeles. 120 South Serin. ¦? S
»0«©©d99©©©09©99©9©©©©e0e99©0®9©©09««d0Qe0©00e«0Oa0©000«ftaei.ttOfiV«*lttransferred to and from all trains,
steemers. etc., at ,low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 ctnts. Morton
Sptctal Delivery. - 3O8 „ Taylor st.,' HSiv Market
St.. Oakland Ferry I>iK>t. I'hone Fjxchanse 40*
Notice to Passengers.
Tbe bark Coallnga arrived yesterday, 21
daya from Ugashik. She brought back as> pas
sengers a large number of white, Chinese and
Japanese fishermen and mechanics who havo
been engaged In harvesting the season's sal
mon pack. The Coallnga brought 18,342 cases
of salmon.
Salmon Packet Arrives.
The little steam schooner President, which
arrived yesterday. 12 days from Nushagak.
brought home for burial the body, of Mrs.
Luiea Christina. Johnson, wife of General Su.
Dcrintendent B. H. Johnson of the Alaska Can-
S» Mrs. Johnson died August 25. Sho
was a native of Sweden, 38 yeara of age.
The President's cargo Included twenty-one
packages cl furs.
Drings Boil'* From Alaska.
Tuesday. September 8.':
Stmr Porno. Jacobs. 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr W H Kruger. Ahlln. 28 hours from
Eureka,
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Bogeri!. -
Stmr OH a; Nordberg, 17 hours fm Navarro.
Stm r Chehalls. Johannson. 37 hours from
San Pedro... , 1 :
Stmr James S Higglna, Hlgglns, 39 hours
from San Pedro. •¦ -, • -
Stmr Marlposa, Rennie. 11 daya 17H bours
from Tahiti.
. Stmr Santa Cruz. Eaglet. 14 hours from
Monterey. .:'¦ • \ .
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, CS hours from San
Pedro. ' • . . • •• ¦
Stmr President.* Andresen. 12 days from
Nushagak.
Br stmr Housatonic. Henry, ¦ 20 days from
MoJI. ' -v ' • •
Bark Coallnga.- . GunUerson. 21 days from
Ugaehtk.
Hark Himalaya. Thomson. 25 days from
Nushagak. . '. . j- ¦
Fr bark Alice, TJsRler,,X07 days from Swan
sea. -•"-,'• ; i ¦¦'¦ ' ¦¦-.¦¦'
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Time Hall.
Branch Hydrosrraphtc Office, U. S. V N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
• . September ti. 1004-
The Time nail on the tower of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at Boon to-day —
I c. ' at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BUKNETT.
Lieutenant. IT. S. X.. In- charge.
United States Coast on<l Geodetic Survey —
Time, and Height of lllpth and Low W.itt-r'
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
nay. Publ.'shed by offlclal authority of the
Suierlntcndcnt. '.
NOTE — The hijth and low waters occur at
the cliy front (MiF£ion-*trcct wharf) about 2..
.minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both pieces.
WEDXESDAT. SEPTEMBeV. 7.
Sun rises .......5:45
Sun sets 6:3.2
Moon rises • 2:58 a. rn.
O~Tfiine! JTIme| ITilncj Fflmel
£ I 1 .Ft. I i Ft. | .Ft. I 1 Ft.
• ' L AV J__ '¥ U "'_ iL W| !H W f
7 ITtiVl— i).2[6::>l ~4.6f3:ld 2.210:22 ~6\7
S» ."»:30— O.a'10:.T: S.2| 4:<K) 1.7 10:19 5.7
0 4::k;i— e.i!ii:i5 ri.4i i-.oO i.:>!n:i2 -co
10 5:22 0.1111:5.5 5.0! 5:11 0.SI
K W iL W |H W |L W
11 0:07 a.."! t::03 0.5U2::k 5.5] «::ct| 0.7
12 I l:02| 5.a( CU0 1.01 l:12| - 5.5| 7:22| 0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tht early, morning tides are given in ihe left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the ord<:r of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives tbe last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the xoundlngs of the United State i
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes tho height.- and th»n the number
given Is subtracted from the. depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of "the lower low waters.
Sun, .Moon aim Tide.
Steamer. ¦ Destination. I Sails.
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. Bept. S
Jjolphln Skagway & Way Ports. Si pt. 0
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way 1'ts Sept. lt»
Ttcotnn Nome & N. E. Siberia. iStpt. 12
CityTopeka.. Skaswaj- & Way Port.'.ISept. 14
Santa Ana... Scldovia & Way Ports. [Stpt. 1G
Olympla Nome & X. E. Siberia. |Sopt. 1*0
FROM SEATTLE
The United States Immigrant Com
• miKsioner received a te-lesxani J-ester
•day from the Department of Com
fnerce and Labor directing: him to file
an appeal from Judge Morrow's de
cision in the mutier. of the head tax
on aliens arriving here in transit.
Judge Morrow decided that the ac
• tion of the department in exacting
from the Oceanic Steamship Company
a deposit of $2 for each alien in
transit was prohibited by statute.
Transit Alien Tax .\u|M>aIet]
Steamer. | Destination. J Sails. J Pier.
' - — ' 1 ' I — — —
> September 7. I I
lanua Humboldt I » am|Pi<-r 2
Pomona 'Humboldt |l:.10 plPler U
Curacao j Mexican Ports 10 am'Pier 11
Queen | Puget Sound Ports 11 amIPier 9
Arctic | Humboldt 9 am'Pier 2
SanPedro.. Humboldt 10 ami Pier 2
September 8. I
Breakwater Coos nay direct:.. 5 pmlPler 8
Samoa.. 1... Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmlPier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Coon Bay.. ?an Pedro & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Sierra Sydney & Way... 2 pmlPler 7
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm'Pler 40
Arco ... Kel River Pcrts... 4 pmlPler 2
Montara ' Seattle direct 2 pm'Pler 11
Redondo. . . :' Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier. 2
I September 9.
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 21
Centralla.,.1 La* Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
j September 10. ~
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPler 27
Acapulco...) N. Y. via Ancon. 12 ml Pier 40
Pt Arena.. I Foil" Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Corona.... M Humbolilt l:30plPler »
Eureka ' Humboldt 9 amIPier 13
Coronado...; Grays Harbor.. 4 pmjPler 10
i September 11. I
S. Rosa.....' San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Elisabeth,, j Coqullle River 5 pm|Pier 27
j September 13. • .'
City Puebla | Pnirot Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial, i Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonlta I Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
September 14.
Maripora... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier. 24
Rainier 8eattle *; Bcllnghm 4 pm Pier 20
North Fork. Humboldt ; 5 pmlPler 20
September IS. I
G. JJruiaurr Grayn Harbor .... 5 pmlPler 27
Oregonian..! New Tork ...iPler 23
I September 16. j I
Hathor I Hamburg & Way.. 1 12 m|Pier 10
The Stuten Island Company owns
fcOOO acres of land surrounded by the
eouth and wesa forks of the Mokei
umne River and the title dates back
for twenfy years. The land is said to
n» worth 580.000. To prevent damage
from frfeshtts and overflows a levep
fcround the land has been maintained
at a larsre expense. It is alleged that
the defendants, in removing, mud from
the bed of the thread of the stream
have caused the water to undermine
t.he levee. The plaintifT says that it has
already suffered damages in the sum
of $5000 and will be put to an ex-
I t-nse of $20,000 in protecting its lands
Irom the action of the waters caused
by the dredging operations.
Farming: and dredging: Interests in
the San Joaquin Valley are in a con
flict that has brought them Into the
Fupenor Court of this county. Gar
ret \V. Mc-Enerney as attorney for the
SUiten Island Land Company obtained
yesterday from Judge Kerrigan a
temporary injunction restraining the
dredging operations of the Voorman
Company and the Victoria Island
Company.
FAK31IXG IXTEIIESTS AT LAW
. \\TTI£ DJSEDGIN'G COM PAX IKS
remj>orar.v Injunction hstieg In Suit
Brought to stop the Untlcrmin
tnz of LiC^¦oc^».
TO SAIL.
The Uritifh shirs Gunford and Chelmsford
ar« chartered for general cargo from this
port to Liverpool and London respectively.
Th-t bark Olympic returns to Honolulu with
general carso.
Charters.
purser on the Sierra, which sails to-morrow
for Australia. . Purser Walton of the Sierra its
going Katt on a vacation...
Ntrvaila — Fair Wednesday; continued warm.
Sun Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: cooler; light north wind In the morning,
ihnnglnjr to brisk westerly with fog.
Lo» Angeles and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
inti. west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
not quite eo warm; light' south wind.
FJisnu and vicinity— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 0—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boeton 72-52 New Orleans 8U-74
Cincinnati SO-62 Philadelphia 70-70
Jacksonville SS-72 Washington 74-3S
St. Louis SO-tfflNew York 72-63
Chicago CS-G-tjPUtsbury 70-51
SAN FRANCISCO 82-60
THF. COAST RECORD. '
a ~ S C . 2' 5
I |f|i =?= -o H i
STATIONS. | ||J a |§ % I
• • : g. 2 : ¦ | S
: ? ? • : ¦ • • :
Baker 30.00 90 60 NW Clem- .00
Carson 29.05 88 52 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.0S 6S 4« N Cloudy .00
Frenno 29.S4 102 "0 SE Clear .00
8. E. Farallon.20.9U Rj 49 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff IiO.00 7tf 40 NE Clear .00
Pocatello .10.06 8S 50 SW Clear .00
Independence .29.KG S14 M W Clear .Of)
Los Angeles ..29.88 8$ t« W Clear .00
lit Tamalpals..10.01 03 79 NW Clear .00
North Head ..:JO.12 «W 50 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.80 100 74 S Clear .00
Point Keyes ..29.«3 77 48 NW Clear .(M»
Pcrtland 30.0-J S2 " 54 NW Cloudy .00
Red Uluff 29.00 lOrt 70 .. Clear .00
RoHeburp 30. C4 S8 54 W Cloudy .CO
Secramento ..29.S8 100 CO NW Clear .00
Salt Lake ...:«). OS S8 54 NW Clear .00
San Franclfico.29.94 02 50 W Cfc-ar .00
S. p. Oblspo.. '_"!). 90 IKi W SW Clear .0(1
Sari Diego ...29.M4 7S 68 , W Clear .00
Stattle 30.08 80 5« NW Clear .00
Spokane :«0.00 'J2 52 SW Cloudy .00
Tetoosh 30.12 B2 52 8 Cloudy .00
WuIIa Walla.. 20. IM 04 C2 E Clear ' .00
Wirnemucca ..30. Oft 90 4tt W Clear .00
Yuina^^. . ...29.70 101 74 SE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL)
FORECAST.
The weather in clear at Manila, wind calm,
temperature 77. At Honolulu partly cloudy.
wind east. light, temperature 80, • and there
has; been nearly half an inch of rain. At San
FrancUco clear and unusually warm weather
has prevailed, with temperature ranging from
54 to U2. Throughout the Interior of Cali
fornia the weather Is clear and., very warm.'
In the country between the Kocky Mountain*
an. I the Mississippi the weather has been gen
erally clear. In Northern Mexico heavy rain
has fallen. Chihuahua reportictr l.'.H Inches.
Kain is also falling alonjr th> Mexican bound
ary and In Northwstern Texas, more than half
an inch being reported at El Paso. liy cour
tesy of . the chief of the Weather Dureau the
lcllowin£ European reiiorts have been receive')
in 8an Francisco: London, partly cloudy,
wind southwest. Xrcsh breese, temperature «>1:
Paris, rloudy. wind southwest, fresh bre««9,
temperature VC; Lisbon, partly cloudy, wind
nurth. light, temperature 04; ISlacksod Point,
Ireland, rain, wind nouthwe*t, blowing a gale,
temperature M: Stornoway, •' cloudy, lresh !
brefze. wind southwest, temperature uU; Ham
burg, cloudy, wind eouth, moderate, tem
l<t-rature 50. -¦
It will- be noticed from the ' above - that
wootktr reports have been received at San
Fraactem covering • the entire United States
and Northern Mexico and, extendinir acrcas
buth the 1'aciflc and Atlantic oceans.
Forecast maO at San Vraneisco' for thirty '
huurs ending midnlsht, September 7:
Nortturn California — Fair Wednesday; not :
quite ttt warm; llrht' northerly wind inland;'
brlbk westerly wind on the coast, with fog. ,
Southern Csillfarnla — Fair Wednesday; light
westerly wind.
WEATHER REPOKT.
The Hrltlsh tram;- steamer Housatcnlc ar
rived here yesterday, 20 days from Mojl. Ja
pan Slie was in ballast and is consigner! to
thfc Standard OH Company. She has been
chartered to make a number of trip* between
here and British Columbia with bulk 'oil.
His Oil Currier in Port.
Th* Norwegian bnrk Ivar Aa«en. out 110
ila.vjt from CcnerptloQ for the Enirllrti Channel,
waa placed on the overdue list yesterday at 13
per cent. The. nXD en the Mlchelit was «d
vaBct-d to 2j pt cent. The Pionler is quoted
at !•" I'iT cent, the Hampton &t li per cent anil
tho Almora at 10 per cent.
Hut the car vra* going ahead. It kept ca
lu course ond befor« the Collier cl«areil the
track" a coiner of th«" car rtruck her stern.
Thr iK'nt was li*low the water line, but tho
Col!!*r*M cr.-w cared not. for the parade was
>vtr an«l the fancas covered model of the navy
coal carrier that is going to be built at Mar*
Island had served its purpose.
The Overdue List.
The canvas plated United States eteamfhip
Ctliler. a prtmlnent feature of the Labor day
!.nru>. was in collision Monday afternoon
vlth a yellow ciectrlc car n*ar Jackson-ntrctt
•wharf. Th« Colllcr'6 chtof engineer had swung
his four-honwi.-ower team to port and the
ahip-on-Ti-herls was laying ¦ course directly
acre** the Ea*t-Elrcct car tracks when a car
bound fcr the ferry hove in Kight.
"Full epfed ahead!" yelled the executive of
ficer, to whom the lockout had reported "Street
car ca the j>ort tiuarter."
The CotUcr whistled for sides, but the only
rci-'ponin; was a cliLpj?!n,T <>t the car'n gong.
"Two bells and a ylnglo! A tank ha bo
rein* f«l! speed awern:" volunteered a quar
termaster.
I'. S. S. Collier In Collision
Among the passengers were the fol
lowing: Dr. E. Mellis, Master, Mel
lis, S. Babcock, Mrs. E. T. Bunkley,
Miss E. Danger, D. Danger, S. C. Irv
ing, Mrs*. S. C. Irving, Mrs. T. M.
Schumacher. Mir. M. Atwater. F. Mil
lard. E. Salmon. J. T. Carpenter, F. A.
Aller, J. Carbridge, J. Buvyere.
"The trip to Tahiti," he said yester
day, "is the finest rest-cure in the
world. The strong gain in Ktrengtn
and the weakness of the ailing disap
pears long before Tahiti is reached.
The soft but bracing breezes in which
one lives from the time the liner
clears the coast fog-belt until she
strikes it again on her* return put life
into one as does no tonic of which I
have any knowledge. For the well
and the weak the trip to Tahiti is an
ideal vacation and for the tired busi
ness man I know of nothing that so
thoroughly fills the bill. Traveling on
the Mariposa one has all the com
forts and luxuries of a private yacht.
From the time we left San Francisco^
until to-day, on land and sea, we nave
enjoyed every moment of the time."
The Marlposa's cargo included: 10,
529 sacks of copra, 61,734 cocoanuts,
shells, vanilla boans and fruit.
Dr. E. Mellis of this city, who came
up on the Maripoaa, spent two months
at Tahiti and is charmed both witli
the island climate and with the Marl
posa.
The steamship Mariposa, Captain
Rennie, which arrived yesterday, elev
en days seventeen hours from Tahiti,
brings word of the loss of the gaso
line schooner Elmeo, which was driv
en ashore on the reefs surrounding
an island of the Pomotu group. Tiie
Eimeo was built at Benicia by
Matthew Turner. She was used as an
inter-island passenger* carrier and waa
crowded with people when driven
ashore during a heavy etorm. No lives
were lost, but hope of saving the ves
sel had been abandoned when the
Marij osu sailed.
The Mariposa brought eighteen pas
sengers from the Paradise of the Pa
cific. Most of the passengers were
travelers for health and pleasure and
the appearance of. each waa a testi
monial to the health-giving virtue or
a visit to the South Seas.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. September 6.
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymae; Pac Coast
S S Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 6.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Poit Rogers.
Stmr Samoa, ! Matisen. Caspar.
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnln, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr WhlteEboro. Olnen. Point Arena.
• Stmr Chehalls. Johannson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival, Fosen. Westport, >
Sirhr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
8chr Rosamond, Dlnsmor*. Newcastle. Aus.
Schr Abble, Lansen. Fort Rom. - .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept C 10 pm— Weather
hazy; wind W;; velocity 6 miles p«r hour.
•-. g '• spoke:*; '*":*.:
Auer 2S— 20 miles E8K of Unimak Paw, bark
Coryphene. from Nushagak for 8an Francisco'.
Aug 80— Lat 50 N long 146 45 W, ship Lu
cille, from Nushagak for San Francisco.
Per Ur ilmr Housatonic — Sept 4 lat 38 N,
long 124 W. Fr bark General Mellnet. Irom
Swan&ea for San Francisco. &ept n — 10 miles
NW of Point Reyes, schr North Bend, from
Willapa for San Frttncieco.
Aug 21— Lot 37 20 N. long 72 W. whal bark
Wanderer, honce Feb 9 for whaling crulxe.
Per Fr bark Alice from Swansea — July 20,
lat 7 N, long 120 03 W, Br ship showing let
ters J T D Y.
Aug 2R— Lat 40 20 N. long 134 \V. Br ship
Poltalloch, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Asuncion,
hence Sept 1. Sept (>— Stmr Leelanaw, hence
Sept 1.
Sailed Sept 4— Schr Ruth E Godfrey, for
San Pedro. Sept a. 5 p m— Stmr Dirlgo," for
Skagway; 4:45 \> m — Stmr Humboldt, for Skag
way. - . °
HANDON— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Sept 3.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 6^-Stmr Columbia,
hence Sept 4.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr San llateo.
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Sept «— Ur itmr Quito for Japan
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept tL— Schr"sa
lem. from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept «— Bktn Kohala, for Sydney.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived S.pt 5-Stmr
Marshfleld. from San Pedro.
OKAYS HARIJUR- Sailed Stpt 4— Schr Roy
•8pmers. for San Francisco
Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Olympic, hence Sept 1:
schr Marlon, hence Aug 20. Sept B— Stmr Q C
Llndauer. hence Ui.pt 1
Sailed Sep>t O-Bch r It C Blade, for Redondo:
bktu Mary Wlnkelman, for Hedondo
Arrived Sept fr— Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
Sept '4. ¦ • -. ¦ . .*
NL'SHAGAK-rSalled Aug 25— Ship Indiana,
for San Francisco; ship America, for Han
Francisco. Aug 15— Bark Isaac Re«d. for Uan
Francisco; bark Big JJon*nta for San Fran-
Cisco. Aus US— Hark Harry Morae tor Port
land. Aug 17— Hark Electra for Auk
12— Ship Lucille, for San Francisco. Aug 14
Ship McLaunn. for ban Francteco Auk 19
Khip Star of franc*, for San Francisco; ship
Sea Witch, tor San Francisco; ship C F Bar
gent. Tor Portland. Aug 13— Bark Euterpe for
San Franci«co.
NAKNEK— Sailed Aug 19— Ship Eclipse for
San Francisco. Aug Vi — Bark Fresno, for San
Francisco. Aug 17— Ship Tacoma. fcr Han
Franplsco. Aug 18 — Bark B V Cheney for
San Francisco; ehlp John Currier tor ' San
Francisco. Aug 12— Ship Chas hi Moody for
Kan Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 5— Stir.r Corona, he
Sept 4. Sept 0— Strr:r Alliance, hence Sept 4!
stmr Phoenix, hence 8«pt ii ¦ With schr John A
in tow, 1 • , • ¦ ¦ ¦ . . '
Sailed ; Sept 8— Stiftr Alliance, for Portland
via Coos Ray. r Z*
¦ TATOOSH— Passed in 8ept 0— Stror Oregon,
from Nome for Seattle; schr Americana from
Osaka, for Pc-rt -Town»«nd: . bktu Aha,' from
Kast London, via Honolulu, for Victoria; schr
from Redondo for Mallard; bktn
Gardiner City, henee Aug IS fpr Tucoina; bktn
Katie Flk-klngcr. from itcdondo for Po:t
TownscnU; schr John U;Norlh. from Kllauea
f o r Port Townsend ; schr Mawr ena from San
DitTO lor italianl. "¦"<.'•
WINSLOW— Arrived Sept O—Schr Minnie A ,
Calne. from San Pedro.- ' . v •
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept ft— Stmr Pren- ¦
U»s. hence Sept 2. . • ¦¦ ¦ •
MARSHF1ELD — Arrived Sept 0— Btmr Ho
mer, hence S«pt 3. -. ¦ .
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept G— Stmr
Bontta, for San I'cdro.
SAN DIEGO—Outaitle Sept ft— Stmr Texan
from New York for San Francisco
•IJKLLINGHAM-Sailtd Sept 0*-'stmr Rain
Isr. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Srpt 0— Stmr N'oyo i
from Eureka: ttmr Alcazar, from Greenwood'
EASTERN PORTS. ,
!NEW YORK— Arrlvta Krpt 5_s tmr 8'n«ca
from. ; stmr- Ntbraskan, from Honolulu-
Br stmr Maraapcqua. from Cnllap. ' .
BOSTON— Arrived. Sept o— Br stmr Pharsa
llu, from Manila. ¦
. , , ISLAND PORTS. -
, HONOLULU— Arrived Sept r— stmr Man
churia, hciKQtAus .50. Sept 0— Br «hlp Brodl"it
Castle from: Iqui(jue;- r -8tmr Argyll, lunca
,MANILA— Arrffcd Sept 1— U S itrarLojan.
hence Aug 1.. '-¦¦ ¦¦*.¦ ••." .
. •"OREIGN PORTS.
COLOMBO— Arrived Sept 5— Span stmr 1*1 ¦*
<Je Fanay, from Liverpool for Manila
: FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 4—Fr ' baric lA
Bruyere. from Oregon; Fr. bark L« Fontaine
from Oregon. . - . '
SOUTH AFRICAN PORT— Arrived Se D t 6-1
Br t»tmr St Hugo' from Manila. .
. GIBRALTAR— Passed Sept 4— Span stmr
Alicante.' from Manila' for Liverpool
GLASGOW— Sailed Se^t 3— Br stror . Isle,
.worth/- for > Manila. • ¦ •
AUCKLAND-^-Arrlved prior to Sept ft— Stmr
Ventura, hence Aug 18.
¦TAHITI— Arrived Jnly 23— Fr bark Buzanna
from Havre. July 28— Br gunboat C;io irtini
Cook b : Islands.
Sailed Aug 10 — Nor bark Hcrtzneas for Liv
erpool. Aug B— Br gunboat Clio, for Raro
tonga. Aug 24-^Fr bark fiuzanna. ; for Nou
mea. ¦ '.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 23— U S itmr 8her. ;
man. for San Francisco . .
MOJI— ArrtvM . Sept &— Strar * X a pol'ar.
BRITISH TRAMP STEAMER HOUSATONIC. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM MOJI. JAFAN. SHE IS CONSIGNED TO
THE STANDARD OIL COMPANY AND IS UNDER CHARTER TO MAKE A NUMBER OF TRIPS WITH OIL, BETWEEN
THIS PORT AND BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Steamer. j^ From. I Due.
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 7
Barracouta.. New York via Ancon. Sept. 7
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 7
Aurella Portland & Astoria |S«pt. t
Corona Humnoldt ;Sept. 8
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ;Sept. B
Santa Rosa..' San Dlefto & Way rts. Sept. 8
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 8
Eureka Humboldt % ....Pept. S
Mackinaw... Tacoma f ept- ?
Kainier Seattle & BelllnKham.lSept. «
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 0
Konita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. »
Centralia.... Grays Harbor Sept- »
Elizabeth CoqulUe River hept. 9
North Fork. . Humboldt Sept. W
Coronado San Pedro Sept. 10
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . Sept. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 11
Hftthor Seattle |«Pt. 11
Texan New York S*pt. IX
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 11
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 11
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor |Sept. 11
Kcrea China & Japan ISept. 12
State of Cal.. San Dieso & Way Pt«.]Sept. 12
O. Dollar Grays Harbor ISeJt. 12
S. Barbara. . . I San Pedro Sept. VI
'AlamcUa | Honolulu ..Sept. 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 13
Coo»Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts.lScpt. 13
Porno.. Point Arena & Albion. ISept. 13
Breakwater.. Coos Bay I Sept. Vt
SequoU Willapa Harbor v-. ISept. 1.1
Peru New York via Ancon.. 'Sept. 15
Allience Portland & Way Ports|Sept. 13
jeanie ... Seattle & Tacoma ISepr. 15
G W. Elder. I Portland & Astoria... . [Sept. 1(5
Hughes paid Vogelsang $30 and re
ceived a receipt in return. Sunday
niprht he again set out for the wedding
in Buffalo. The experience cost him S2i
for a Pullman for himself and friend
to Chir-ago, $3 for rid- to Sacramento.
S5 for room and breakfast for himself
and friend at the Golden Eajrle and $50
fine. He was preatly pleaded at Vogel
isang's coprtesy in not makinjr him re
turn to M^ndocino County and compli
mented the Fish Commission on its
vigilance.
Justice of the Peace Kenworthy of
willits, who had issued the warrant,
was called up by telephone and the
matter was vxplained to him. Attorney
Craig of Willits was engaged to repre
sent Hughe* and the trial by telephone
took place as previously mentioned.
A Mendocino County deputy heard
from one of the lawyer's friends that
he wojild start for the E*st on Satur
day's overland train. Vogelsang knew
that his quarry's name was Hughes
end that he was probably on the train,
so the officer got aboard. Hughes got
¦wind of the fact that he was followed
and Instead of showing his through
ticket, paid a cash fare to Sacramento.
Members of the lawyer's party said
the man's name was E. J. Lovett.
By process of elimination Vogelsang
finally spotted his game, and with the
aid of the conductors, made him
acknowledge his identity. Officer,
prisoner and the prisoner's friend
alighted at Sacramento and spent Sat
urday night at the Golden Eagle Hotel.
Hughes said he was due in Buffalo.
N. Y-, to attend a wedding in which he
was to be best man, and could not
possibly return to Mendocino County.
Vogelsang decided to do the best he
could for his victim under the circum
stances and evolved the idea of a tele
phone trial.
'"Very well, Mr. Hughes; I will fine
you ?.«-' and warn you not to repeat
tbe offense."
This conversation over 200 miles of
wire constituted the trial of a rich
Eastern attorney last Sunday before
Justice of the Peace Kenworthy of
"Willits. The unique trial by telephone
was evolved in the fertile brain of
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission, who had arrested Hughes
oa an eastbound train for killing deer
in Mendocino County in violation of
the game laws.
The defendant had been camping
near Willits for several weeks. It caroe
to the ears of the Fish Commission
thai he had shot deer before the season
opened- They could not prove this,
however, but one of the deputies suc
ceeded in finding a doe hide near
Hughes' camp. A warrant for the ar
rest of the eportainan waa issued, but
he could not be found in Mendocino
County. Vogelsang learned that the
man was coming to this city, but could
not find him here.
"I em, sir, and I wish to plead guilty
to a violation of the game laws of this
State."
"Hello! Is this Judge Kenworthy?"
"Yes, and are you Charles Hughes
of Utica, New York?"
Deputy Fish Commissioner
Vogelsang Lands Quarry
After Long, Hard Chase
TRAP IS NEATLY LAID
ASSETS EXCEED DEBTS
After Outstanding
Claims the Executors Will
Then Have Two Millions
A petition for a .partial distribution
of the rich 'estate of Adolph Sutro has
been filed . by the residuary devisees
and it throws some light upc-n the pres
ent condition and value of the holdings.
The petitioners are Emma L. Merritt,
Rosa V. Movbio, Kate Nussbaum,
Charles W. iSutro, Edgar E. Sutro ana
ClaTa A. English. They declare that
the cash legacies have been paid with
the exception of the sum of $92,593 71,
together with a sum not exceeding
$125,000 claimed by certain alleged lega
tees, the validity of which claims are
nc-w in dispute.
It is stt forth in the petition that
the estate is but little indebted and the
shares asked for car. . be distributed
without loss to the creditors. The in
debtedness of the estate does not ex
ceed S41D/000. and the attorneys' and
executors' fees will not exceed $125,000,
while the value of the estate in the
hands of the executors is said to be
mere than $2,500,000.
Mrs. Merritt, as executrix, yesterday
returned to the court a report of the
sale, on August 29, to Thomas J. Bar
bour, of four blocks of outside lands
for ?158,120.
Bearing upon the final effort to reach
an understanding as to the full value of
the Sutr.o estate an order was made
by Judge^ ColTcy appointing three men
to reappraise the several lots in the
vicinity of Fulton street and Forty
eighth avenue and extending to Forty
sixth avenue and B street.
froni Tacoma; coaled *nd sailed for Yokohama.
VICTORIA, B C— Sailed Sept 0— Stmr Hum
boldt. for SkaRTV-«y; stror City of Puebla. for
E«n Frenc-isoo; Br itmr Empress of China,
for Hongkong. «-te.
Arrived Sept C — Stmr UmatlHa. hence Sept £.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Bich Eastern Attorney Has
Novel Experience at the
Moderate Expense of $86
Liner Arrives From Tahiti With Party of Pleasure Seekers Who Sing
the Praises of the Paradise of the Pacific— Schooner Eimeo,
Built at Benicia, Is Wrecked on- Island of Pornotu Group
Petition for Partial Dis
tribution Filed by Bene
ficiaries Under the .Will
SUTRO'S HEIRS
WANT D IVISI0N
MARIPOSA BRINGS NEWS OF THE LOSS
OF PASSENGER VESSEL IN SOUTH SEAS
GETS A TRIAL
BY TELEPHONE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
Promotion for Purser.
J. E. Short, purser of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's liner" Mariposa' will go out <t»
7
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CO.
I_iE3SSETB3
UR IF^CfSG-J i.hi)iiOBTH.PASIF»
JLAHiWAT COaEPAlTT.
Tlburon I>«rry. TuVt of Market Street.
SAN rSAKCZSCO TO SAB BATABt.
WttK DAVe-T;30. «:00 0:OU. 11:00^a. bu.
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. B:10. 5:80, «:30 anC me
P- KZk.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. ;
SUNDAYS— T:&0. 8:W. »:M. ll:0O a. m.: 1»».
2:80 3:40. 8:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. ta.
SAW SAFAZL TO SAH F»A*CTWO.
ll:lft a. m.: 12:S0, TX.OO. 3:40t 1:00. *^«.
€:S5 p. rn. -• _ • • - !
EMturdaya— Extra trip at 1:43 V. m. ..^
6UNDAYS-6.O0. 7 :33j, ••««u 11: , 1 * *•,*•: l **'
8:i0. 4:50. 5:00 »:20. *•&. '"-W >• "•
TExcept Saturday. '
Leave 1 ~1» Effect I Arrjy*
BaT^n. I May 1. l»04. ( San 1Tr»a._
Week 1 Sua- I rvstlna- \ Sun- I Week
Daya ) dags. ( tlon. 1 days, f Days.
* T^SCaJ 7:«a 7:*fta
i%it%: uaac.0. Il^ii
8:45 P
_ -_ . .. Wl - ~ " 7:43 a " :4> a
|3II: «§&. If; 1 ?!!
8:10 p 2:30 p aad' i«* T-* 3 *
5-lOp Saata Roaa. 8:48 p
! Windsor. . s
HeaMsburr. 10:20 a{10:» a
Lytton. _ I „ _
2:S0p ::30Pt Oey-ryine. |7:23pjT:23p
* | ClQTerdale. I I
7-SOai 7:30 al Holland |ie:»ajl»:»a
2;Sp| 2:80 y\ and TJkiah. l7:23p|.:»P
¦ i wimts. i I «.
7 JO a] 7:S0 aj Sherwood. tT:2Sp[7^3p
8-00 al 8:00 a! Guenrevlire and 110:CO aJ10:20 a
JiSopI 2:sftplCamp Vacation. \ 8:45 pj 6:20 p
n.wi «-OOa ¦ I 8:40 al 8:40 a
I™ I »;^0a Sonoma. U:00p «:2Op
* 5:10 p . OKn Ellea. |8:45pj
i -.,«.• 710 al 110:20 a|10:2O a
I 2135 p| al30 p| SebastopoL I 7:25 pj «:2t> p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit.
feulDhur Sprints and Mark West Springs; at
fSwb for Barke'a Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Oeysenrtll. for Mien
Surlnrs- at Cloverdale Jcr the Geysers. Boons-
viiii and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
finrlnM Highland Springs. Ke!.ieyvlll«. Carls-
b»d Sprtngs* Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
!*?.„/," a t Uklah lor Vichy Springs. Saratoga
ISrin« # Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
eSrinca! Upper Lake. Tomo. Potter Valley.
Jchn Day's, Kiverside. Llcrley-s. BuckrelV..
Eanhedrln Helghta. Hullvlll*. Orr-s Ho:
Bprtngs. Halfway House. Comptcbe. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
WeauSrt. Uali at WllliU for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
v»lle Cummins. Bell's. Springs. Harris. Olaaas.
Dyer. Oarbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia an*
Saturday to Moaday roucd-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Cbronld*
bU JA3"*Li FRAZIER. R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. . .Gen. Pats. Art.
iS^^^^^ To SAN RAFAEL.
ISIfflESffii ROSS VALLEY.
!^^^^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
iK.W^i^^--^* Via Sanxallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Ueuart Irom sian Francisco, week days, at
G-ao 7-lu 7:4i. b:M, U:lu. lu.Oo. 11:00 a. m.
ill -40 u m- Sauealltu unly). 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
loo 4:35. *:1*. 6:6u - " ::B 7:16 ' 9:00 » 10:20 '
ii'33 u iu. Sundays an«l Isgii holidays depart
it 7 • 10 ":* 5 . 8:ao « 8:13> 10:0°. 11:00. 11:40
a m 12:20. l:w>. 1:4ft 2:30. 3:15. 4:w. 4:M,
l':Vi."6:SQ. «:». *:15. »:15. »:0t». 10:2O. 11:31
ff Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 8:17,
7-00 7-35. «:1 5 ' 8:45 > a:35 - l0:;:Ul 11:u3 *• «"••
li^OO 1:25. 2:50. S:35. 4:J0. 5:03. 5:40. «:13.
«ij 7*50. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
b- Kor P Fairfax, weekdays. Uepart at 7:45a. m..
t-15 n m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. »: 13. 10:00. ll:0O a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45
P m ' THHOUGH TRAINS. V*
7:43 a. m. daily — Casadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays' only — For Point Reyen.
etc.
3:15 p. m. dally escepb Sunday— For Caia-
dero. etc. ' »" • t
S-l." i> m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. ttc
TICKET OFFICE— «2tf Market St.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.'Tamalpais Railway
L<«Te Tla feasaltt* Vttrj Arrive
San Ktauctnco i'-t»f Matttt 8^ San Fra»iclsc»
WMk Ban- Snir Week
Uays. day*. J^^^K ***•¦ '^
— 777. ' «:s6 * Kff«WR^fl THiTrnE^d*
! 1 0:00 a V&SSSjaS 2:0Sr*1i:05a
10:00* 11:00 a VfeftJ^Sy 3:35 r 3:38 r
1:45 r 12:20 r 5:40 p 6:13 i
8:18 r 1:45 r 1 V8Bp r 6:15 r 10:0. »
4;35r 8:80 r
• Via YrttUi Cir. f_ TawaTpal* U ID Talky.
f"-xxr 162& li a r.KXT trr. iNorth Ilhore Rallroa4j
oVVicss land SACSAMto ftxty. foot Markets*.
Rnilroad Brakeman Killed.
MODESTO. Sept, 6. — J. J. McLaugh-
Iin, a brakeman, waa killed at "Water-
ford last evening. While switching
cars he fell beneath a car. The wheels
passed over his body, killing him in-
stantly:
\s— ¦ : r. —^
FREE. • FREE.
PERFUMES.
A 40-cent Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES. .
Made in California and con-
! tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests ' because they
are
"Perfumes Made Where . the
Flowers Gtow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO
§§ LEAVES MOIDATS and TKUHSOHS
13 at J):;tO a. m., Uirougrb In ;t daya,
¦ with diaer asd all trapptn**. V
Other Saata V* Trains:
• •SO at Sh V * or Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfietd.
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford aad Visa'.U.
4:00 p. m. fcr Stockton.
8:0O p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
XZCXXT OrrxCXS — 641 Varkat St. aad
Perry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad*
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 Sontn rirst St.
Saa Joae. -
y^fff^^s. T»mln» 1<i»t« and are da«f
< <rrr>y|v\ to »rrl T« at
ffASi^J BAN FRANCISCO.
I -\ *^y-/J7 Tmow Jvz.r M. 1904
\yS fTw>t «f Market Street )
_w«t» - MAIN LINE. -TTsmiTr
7.08a VseaTilJc. Wlnt^s. K«mtey_ 7 O»»
7.00a Dnaicta, KimlrmsJKt SucTmmcnco.. 7.20i»
7_5Ca Variejo. Nupa. nu!»to«». Saata
\\'i*\. Uarttnex. Sun Kiraou 8 20p
TJWa Nlte«.Tr«ry. Laltiron. Stoclttun.... 7 20»»
•XOASaaata Express— (\1% D»rn>.
Wltttemi (for Bartlett Sprlacs).
Willows. tPrnio, l:?d Clul.
Portland. Tarom.-v Seattle 7-50*
•40a Davt^ Woodland. Kalcbta Landlas,
Mtrjuvllle, Cb:co. Orof I'.le 750»
•40a Tvn Costa. Martinez. Antioch.
Byroa. Tracy. Stocktmi. Kow-
anaa. Loa- Bnnaa. M«adot%
Armoaa. FlsnfurJ. Vis alia,
Portermie ..„ 4^2»
84Ca Port Cowta. Mod otto. Me reed,
Fresno. Qoaaen Jancttoo, B&2k-
f»rl. VlMlIa. n-i'«"rmleld 4 33?
I-IPa Slle*. dun Jo**. LJvermore. &tock-
ton. (tMiltoB). loae. 3»cr»m«nlo.
MmrynTillr. Chlco. K»4 Muff .... 4.23^
• -IDA Oa»a»if. Chinese. Jamestowa. So-
nnrrn. Taoinmne nnd Annls 4-20?
• 00a AlUatlcaUprrt*— Oifrtoa tnd £i»u 6ZCP
, 8 Z0a Ric&moort. Uartiaet aad Way
Statioos 8-50i»
W CCA The Orerlaad Llmltod — Oriea.
Omaot*. ChlcaKO, I)«m» er, E»mu
Cttr. St. Lon!i «20p
10410* Tattejo. 12.28*
m£0A Lo» Anireles Pasurnger — Port
Cocta. Martinez, Byroa, Tracy.
Latbrop. Stoektoa. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Cothen Jcne-
tton. nao'ortl. Letnoore. Visalla.
BakcnleW. Los Angeles 77tJ»
|Cj0Om Hny w»rd. N!lea and Wsy S:*t!o««. 5.2CP
ti-OOP Sccraraeotu RJ»cr fitasmers Ml OJf
S-M** BeatelA. Winter*. Saerameato.
WoedHaa. iruiows. Kalartta
LMdlnsj. MaryiTlile. OrOTlll*
aad way «t«uon« 10-50*
iZOp naywsrd. Jflle* and TTnj Sutloa*.. 7 SO*
440* > MarUaes.&anIl«aion.Vallel«,Mapa > — '
Calint^a, Santa Kma. 920*
4X0p Nile*. Ttsct. Stoektoa. Lodt 4-20r>
i50# Maywnrri. Kllea. lrTlngloa, Baal t8 5u *
Jcse. L«*Br!norc ? tii.SO/*
KOPThe Owl l.lmiteil— N>wgi»o. Los
Unnua. Mr»du:a. Tresno, Talira,
Bakersfield.LoaAa««ie» 8 JC%
16 30P Uty w^rii. Minn nn.l San -low 72?*
t.OO P II »y wart. Nl!e«»ad San .I««o 9 S(U
S-OUp E«Bt«rn Ri»re«»— Ojrdon. Omaha.
CUlcr.ga. D<ttiT»r. Kaasas. Cltr.
St. Louis. Tta Martines. Stoektoa.
(Uorsmeeto. Colfaz. Reno...... 12 -S3s>
• ••Cp V»i:ojo. tl.lly. »ic»!il Siu.rta»....*( _ T - am
J.00P Vallejo. Hnnilay only f ' ww
1 JK3p UJnhmiiui!. «>an Patilo. Port Cesu.
MarUass and Way KUtloa* 11.20*
7-COp Heno Pasaeaxer— fort Certa, Bnt-
•un. K.mlm. I>arls. e.icr^rnpnto.
Tmcke«. Lake. Taa-.-e, Ucncv
Toaorah. Spartc* 750*
¦ Cop Port Costa. M.irrtn**. Byroa,
Tr»cy, Lalbrop. M o 1 e • t o.
MorceU, Berendn, Fresno and
Way Stations beyuad Port Criti 12-2C»
• CSp rotemlte Valley, via Berenda aad
Wawona » „ 8-50*
9Jfc* Manlaea. Tracy. Stockton 10-2QA
•4)iP Oregon * CallforaSa K x j>re»»— Sae>
r»ir.nnto. MarytTll'.e. Bsildiag.
Portland, Pugot SoaniS «ad East. 8-60«
f.lOP HarwarU, Nttea ami San Joie (.-<ua-
day only). .. I1-Bi)»
COASf LIN E «1 arrow Uaag*).
(Toot of Market Street.) ;
'IABa SaataCmzExcurtioBiSuadayoaly) ZAZ*
8.16a Kewark. Cf.nterTille, Baa Joe\ j ',
TeltoB. Boa tder Creek. B!eB«ia. .* -
Saau Cms and Way Stations... S SS*>
W«1Sa AlTsrado. Xewark, 8an Joer. Los
Qatos,Ol«awood. Feltoa. ftonlder
Cieek. Bic Ca«ln. Santa Cms 813*
it-IS* Newark. Centrrrtlle. Saa Jo«e.
Haw Alnatlea.Los G ito».Feitoa,
BoaMcr Crmi, Sanu Cras ao4
PrlwUpal Way Sutlon* -. 10S8a
4.1M Mawark. San Joae. Los Gato* tS 55*
4.15p Wrig-ht, Boulder Creek ami Santa
Crns. datorlay apd Sunday only. »ft.8S4
CO/\ST LINE (Ur«ad «a««.>.
UT < third »ml townwiil Straeta.)
' {-10 A San itt— aad Way Stations. S.30s>
t700A San Jo«a aad Way flutlona 6.42?
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cras Kzcar
slon (Saa4»? only) 10 3O
1.00a Kew Almadea (Tuei, Krld.. only). 4.1C#
40A The Coaster — Sao Jose. Si:!n»*.
Saa Ardo. Paso Bobles. 8»nu
Margarita. Saa Lal< Ol^iopa Santa
Barbara, Saa Cuenareatnra.
M'rtitalwo, Oxnard, Bort>.«nW, Loa
Au.--!c* 1049»
f.OOA Qllruy. Uulll«t»r. Caatroville, Del
Monte, Pacific Orore, Surf. Lom-
poc.V? 10.45*.
8.0Ca Baa Jose. Trm FJnoa.Wat*onTilln. *
CsptlOia. Santa Criz, Pnetfla
firovff. Sallaaa, Saa Luia obltpo
aa>l l'rlnctp*' Way 9taltons. ._ 4 13 •
1050a San J via »nd vv* a? St.itljn ......... 1.20?»
11 SOa Sante Clara. San Jose. Los Oatos _ • ¦
and Way Button* 7.30»
14Cp S«aJo«e and Way Stations 8 Si*
tj top Del Mont* Kip.-e«a (except Saa-
4ay) — 8»as* Clara, Pan Jos*.
w»uonvi;ir. Santa Cron. Del
Uoot*. Monterey. Psetfie 6ror«. fl2-13»
8 JOp Barllnff»ine. 8*n Jo*e. OHroy, Hol-
i;«ter. Tres Pino*. Pajaro. W»t*on-
TtUe. Caftltota, Banta Crm. Caa-
trorllle. Sailnte, Pacific Grore... 10X4SA
4^0p Pan Jo»« aa4 W*y Otatioas 13 00*
tS OOP Saau Ctars, S.in Jane, horn Uatos.
WrlRkS and prtsetpal Way Bt.v
tlon« (ercett Sanday) r2C3.v
15 30p >aoJ««eaadrrtncl?alW»y Stations Jj .4IU
6 45p bnnwrt Expreas.— Uedwuod. Saa
JftaeailruT.SaUaat,Pa«o lioblea.
Saa LuU Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlnic El Paso.
Now Orleaaa. 1» c* Tork 7-10a
|.4Sp PsJ»ro. Wataoarille. Oplt«.la I .,„ __
Santa Cras. CaatroTni*. D«l Hin i?«
¦ Monie. Paci3e Oro»e I 11041 '
tf.15? «a»Mat4«,Beresfor(l,BelnioBi.Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Msaio Park. Palo Alto...... tt-464
8 30p San Joae and Way Stations. 6 33*
•¦00a* Pa!o Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.3QP »outUd«nyr-incU«i. MlllUr.e. Bar*
\, ' llacame. Baa Mitrn. Uelmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. FuJr Oaka, '
Mealo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.45*
•11 -M» Ma/ftaid. Monniala View. Saaay-
vaK Lawrence. Saau Clara aad
! an Jose t945i»
? (or Mornlnc. t r*r AfMraoarv "
t f *a4ay •se«»t««t » Saa4ay o»ly
• Saturday onlT- • Monday «¦(¦>
AI>VKK'J'lSC31Iy.yrs.
There Is a Standard
gpS of Quaiity
i| !|J1 for Beer
• ; K^^Si TfcJch, v.hrn h.-inently
$' m R*'"**t}-l\ aimed m by »n;» master*
~5 > K*Y''jn «f't>»e art. ran b« reached
i.Afj/^k !a ll> ' of br»wlnjt
*i\. <"/*>>, and maturing. And tbe
'-% '*"&¦ '% r *\ *' r '' r)l ' ih — heavy, in«^dlurr,
£ ?^^^C^S cr 1'Cht — U a matter of
J^^s, Rl A 17
P^Sywa^RH Milwaukee
mW/ zsK xssffia 5trikei ***
*£%£ \f i^^[ Bttndard -thifribh
«No3-!ntox.t Tor.lc-
riLBUIZ EHEff, CO.
JjJ8^«^i)^^ S^M BIBO ft CO..
" M«ni r ffiins»>^- VThcleaale Cealers.
812 Battery St,
TeL Main 6859. Bu rr»nci»co.
. _ t \ _ BATLWAT TRAVEL ' L«___
UMOMOUTHERN PACIFIC j
St. LOUIS EXPOSITION
Round Trip 9
Chicago, via fl? J *\ C (\ I
St. Lows, V*»'Jv
St,. Louis, via Salt. &&L*? %C%\
Lake and Denver, <P V • • JV !
Through cars. No change. No worry. j
September 5, 5, 7,- 8, 19, 20, 28, 29.
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27.
Stopovers en route. J
Call on or Address
S. r. BOOTS, General Affeat V. T. B. E..
1 Montgomery Street, J
Or Aqt Southern Pacific Asrtat. 'rlREADY TO RETIRE, LADEN WITH HONORS.
been written by Cosmo Hamilton, but
the plot of it was evolved by Captain
Marshall, author of "His Excellency,
the Governor." The captain, however,
had so much work arranged- for that
there was no telling when he could
get around to elaborating the "Cinder
ella" idea, so Charles Frohman— who
thought it a particularly good one—in
duced him to turn it over to Cosmo
Hamilton, probably not Just for love,
however. "The Catch of the Season
is expected to reopen the Vaudeville
about September 1. Meanwhile, Cap
tain Marshall's comedy, "The Duke of
Kllliecrankie." in which John Drew 13
to be seen at home, continues to pleass
at the Criterion, where it has run for
over six months. .
If only Oscar Asche gets something
like adequate support from the public,
his coming essay at management may
have rather important results. Asche
has only been seen once In the United
States, this being when he went over
to play "Maldonado," the financier in
Pinero's "Iris." A graduate of the Ben
son Shakespeare repertoire companies,
he and his pretty and clever wife have
been with Beerbohm Tree for some
time, but As"che Is now starting In on
his own hook with his life partner,
Lily Brayton. as leading woman. He
will occupy the Adelphi and there will
produce on September 16 a poetical
tragedy called "The Prayer of the
Sword," by a young playwright who.
like Stephen Phllllp3. was also a mem
ber of the Benson companies. After
ward Asche will give Shakespeare's
"Taming of the Shrew," to be followed
by a fantastic comedy, the rights of
which he has acquired, and this, in
turn, will give place to more Shakes
peare. It is an ambitious programme
and one whose success seems rather
doubtful with the public daft over
musical comedy. Asche. however, evi
dently means to have a fair try for
favor, having engaged a strong' com
pany and most of its members for a
solid year. He says, by the way, that
he will have nothing to do with the
star system. "We want good play3,"
he declared yesterday. "Our choice will
not depend at all on whether there are
important parts particularly suitable
to myself. We shall adapt our cast to
the play. We do not want plays mad©
to fit the cast."
PARIS, Aug. 20.— In theatrical circles
here the one topic of discussion is the
1 odd theme which Edmond Rostand, the
long-silent author of "Cyrano" and
"L'Aiglon," has chosen for his new
play. "Chanteclair"— the French epic
word for rooster— is ,a highly appro
priate name for this piece, in which
all the characters are birds. Now it
is announced that the cock who figures
prominently in the fantasy will be rep
resented by Coquelin. This barnyard
fowl, it seems, has a secret— is it* he
who causes the sun to rise?— regarding
which he is continually chaffed by a
thrush, whose social position gives him
a place on the first branch of trees. A
nightingale acts as the god from the
machine and brings to an end this
queer drama, for which Paris is wait-
Ing eagerly. It has not yet been de
cided where "Chanteclair" will be
given.
Probably Shakespeare would "spell
ruin" no longer if his plays could be
produced everywhere as Beerbohm
Tree presents them in London. The
London actor-manager has given "A
Midsummer Night's Dream," "Twelfth
Night" and "Julius Caesar" with set
ting such as neither Irving nor Augus
tln Daly ever approached, but his com
ing revival of "The Tempest" promises
to s ,be the most elaborate thing he has
done yet. Among the big scenes will be
'the opening of "the first act. In this
a ship, measuring over forty feet in
length, will sail through the storm, her
crew crowded on "deck, and should
make a fine spectacle. Another will be
the sandy shore of the island, from
which pretty girls will arise to dance
on the waves. A feature is to be made,
too, of Prospero's magic, and to. this
end some clever illusions are now be
ing arranged by the ingenious Mr. Mas
kelyne of the Egyptian Hall. Sir Ar
thur # Sullivan's incidental music will be
used" as well as some additional num
bers which have been written by Ray
mond Roze. ,
•It isn't often that one playwright turns
over an original idea to another, but
this happened In the case of a new
play which Seymour Hicks is produ
cing at the Vaudeville. "The Catch
of the Season," 'described as a sort of
modern version of "Cinderella," has
Staff Correspondence of The Call.
ROSTAND WRITES A NEW PLAY
AND IT IS ALL ABOUT BIRDS
NO EARL FOR
HER, SAYS MISS
DAISY LEITER
BEAUTIFUL. SISTER * OF. LADT
CURZOX. WHO DENIES ENGAGE-,
V MENT TO EARL. * OF , SUFFOLK. ¦
White Is ; "it" for 'dress wear.
Festooned flounces ; adorn mostof the
dinner dresses ¦ and : evening gowns.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen™ )7230Cai!
ifornia street. Telephone Malo i»4L •
A New Jersey community has: expended $509 in- fruitless war
against the mosquito. Think how much pennyroyal that' would buy!
Townsend-s. California Glacs fruits la
artistic tire-etched boxes. 715 Market «t.»
A lady in. the "East recently coughed up a cent which she had
been secreting in her internal economy for four years. 'Can Uncle
Russell Sage show any greater record^ of frugality?.
; /YY : . IS S DAISY . LEITER, denying
• I ¦ I i 1 e - truth °* ner reported en-
I ; "I Sagement ; to the, E.ari 'of^Suf
: .folk,- in .''¦¦ a. formal statement
said: "There is absolutely: no truth
in .the. report of ~my -engagement to
the! Earl |of Suffolk. Further than that
I cansay; nothing."; ' " ;¦ ¦ r ... T
- Miss ;Leiter, her. ; mother,, and , her
Bister, . Miss '¦ Nannie LeiteK- arrived * in
These are a delicious appetite.sharp
ener. For each person take- one; tea
spoonful of lemon: juice, two drops of
Tabasco sauce, ¦ half a ..teaspoonf ul of
grated horseradish; v one teaspoonful of
tomato catsup . and ;- av saltspobnf ul -of
salt. Mix together,- and; add one"" egg
beaten to a foam. It Is served '• in a tall
glass .with a long, spoon. . ' : -
Egs ' Cocktails.
The other day a member of the Cabinet, a Governor and a
United States Senator — all fellow-townsmen— foregathered in their
native city across the bay. And yet some say Oakland is a slow
town '•*¦¦¦"* ' ¦ •
James Jeffries, fondly styled "the human pile-driver" by an
admiring coterie, has determined upon turning his lights in the di
rection of the stage. Let all dramatic critics proceed to brush up on
the argot of the ring; they should know when the hero begins to
*'bore in" from center stage.
One of our local benedicts recently was granted freedom from
the bonds of matrimony because his wife had on one occasion hurled
a home-made lemon pie at his head. The court took no cognizance
of testimony entered by the complainant to prove that the pie was a
deadly weapon, thereby undoubtedly laying itself open-to the possi
bility of a reversal of its decree by a higher tribunal.
A Chinese marriage Is a solemn cere
mony—no talk, no levity .'and much cry
ing. A feast Is spread updn a table, to
which the blushing, bride 'is;led by.flye
of lier friends. They are seated at the
table, but no one eats. .silence
prevails. When finally? the mother
starts crying the. maids follow and the
bride loins in the chorus. Then all the
bridesmaids leave the table and the
disconsolate mother takes a seat beside
the chair of state, where the; bride sits.
The bridegroom ; now enters .with four
of his men friends, who carry the bride
round the room, while the guests throw
rice over the happy pair.".
Tears at a Chinese Wedding.
Curl. up white heart leaves of lettuce
that have been well washed and
crisped on ; the ice, to simulate little
hollow ¦ nests. Place In. each of these
five tiny speckled eggs, made of cream
cheese, {rolled into shape, then sprink
led with fine chopped-parsley. Hide the
French dressing under the leaves of
the; dainty" nests: eat with saltines.
Chicago a few days ago and are at
their residence, 101 Rush street.
The family is having a reunion in
Chicago. " It Is not complete, of course,
for Lady! Curzon is in England with
her -i husband." But . Mrs. Leiter and
her two unmarried daughters went on
from Washington to confer with the
new;head-of the family, Joseph Leiter,
who, by the terras of his father's will!
has been placed in the seat of author
ity ' and came : ui> ' from his stockaded
coal; mine at Zelgler,:lll.,;to sit in it
, Under his presidency there will be
a ; meeting; of the Leiter heirs and of
Lady ' ' Curzon's representative and
many important , questions .with regard
to ; the estate will be decided.
A New Salad.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR— M. W. T.
and others. City and Oakland. Cai!
The Knights Templar as a branch of
Free Masonry dates back to August 2S.
1769, when the degree was conferred
in the citv of Boston. That was sev
eral years before the degree was con
ferred in England. What Is known
as the commandery branch of the fra
ternity includes the eleventh, twelfth
and thirteenth degrees of the York
rite, also known as Red Cross Knight,
Knight Templar and Knight of Malta'
In order to obtain these degrees an
applicant must be In good standing an-i
have received the following degrees-
Entered Apprentice, Fellow Crafts
man, Master Mason of the blue lod^e
Mark Master. Past Master. Most Ex
cellent Master and Royal Arch Mason
of the chapter, and Royal Master
Select Master and Super Excellent
Master of the council. •-
LADIES' PEACE— D. F.. City. What
is known in history as- the 'ladies'
peace" is the treaty of peace agreed on
at Cambria in 1520 between Francis v I
of France and Charles V of Germany,
which closed the second war between
those monarchs. It was called "La
Palx des Dames"— ladies' peace—be
cause it was negotiated by Margaret of
Austria, the aunt of Charles, and
Louise of Savoy, the mother of Fran
cis.
EDUCATED FLEAS— E. S.. City. A
number of years ago, between fifteen
and twenty, there was an exhibition of
educated fleas in San Francisco. Tbia
was on Market streat, between Fourth
and Fifth.
STRENGTH OP ICE— Subscriber,
City. It is stated that ice ten inches
thick will sustain a pressure of 1000
pounds to the square Inch.
ANSWERS
10 QUERIES
AG. HALES, the veteran war correspondent who has been
supplying the London Daily News with reports of the fight
•ing in the Far East, recently contributed an article to that
journal^ which reveals in searching style the chief cause of Russia's
disastrous conduct of the war on land. As we have surmised from
admission's on the part of Russian high officials, the Czar's cohorts
in Manchuria were not ready for war. The reason of their, unpre
paredness Hales details unsparingly.
"It is known in St. Petersburg now, as , was known in Tokio for
a year before the war commenced/' says Hales, "that when a mil
lion's worth of supplies were supposed to be sent to certain troops,
not a quarter of the amount ever reached the men and officers on
whom the empire was depending for great deeds in dangerous
times. The soldiers were robbed. They were kept short of nearly
everything that a soldier requires."
The correspondent specifically points out how at the hands of the
army of jobbers the men in the ranks- had boots of cardboard and
greatcoats of shoddy doled out to them grudgingly, how the artil
lery was, in many instances, hardly up to the grade of fair scrap
iron, how ammunition existed largely in the written reports, that on
band being often too old or too obsolete to be served in the guns.
The army Kuropatkin found when he went to fight the Japanese in
Manchuria was, according to Russian admissions, merely a make
shift, designed to do yeoman's work until the military arm at home
could gather itself together from the surprise of Japan's sudden
attack.
In the light of these disclosures the fight that Kuropatkin and
Stoessel's armies have been putting up shows an element of the
heroic. Outpointed in equipment, in morale, in the fundamentals of
fighting effectiveness, the Russians in Manchuria are not outdone in
bravery as the details of their desperate resistance attest.
A TWICE TOLD TALE.
Perhaps the girls are more prone to
resent interference when presented on
the score of . health than on any other
ground. If the cause for this impa
tience remains .inscrutable, it no less
certainly *is a fact. Yet it may be sug
gested, with all due deference to possi
ble prejudice,, that there is certain and
great danger in the common habit of
wearing low shoes regardless of
weather. These older and sadly wise
women who have bought their knowl
edge, with a heavy price see their
younger sisters tripping about oh cold,
stormy days In French-heeled "ties,"
and shake their heads sadly, remem
bering how they,' too, learned by expe
rience that high heels and damp feet
were sure to. work mischief to that
marvelously delicate organism with
which femininity is endowed... They are
aware that' the ankles are peculiarly
susceptible to chill. They recall — one
does — especial instances when most
direful illness has followed such rash
exposure.. A certain beautiful young
girl lay on a bed— not of pain alone, but
of torture— through her long-antici
pated, summer . ' vacation, " bemoaning
when so much too late the deaf ear
turned .to warnings which, the doctor
sternly, informed her, might have ward
ed off disease. It was only "getting
her feet wet,". only a sudden chill. But
the. consequences were serious.—Har
per's Bazar.
Wearing of Low Shoes
A Dangerous Practice
"Where did you get that exquisite
organdy waist?" asked a girl.the other
day of a friend who wore a dainty
creation that buttoned up the back
with tiny lace buttons.
"I'll let you into the secret," said
the friend. "It is not a particularly
fine organdy, or swiss rather, for it is
swiss, which washes better than or
gandy — but it looks, so because I wear
it over the thinnest kind of a white
wash silk blouse, which Is made plain
ly, but along the same lines. This
gives the swiss a cloudy, filmy and
kind of billowy effect : that ¦ makes it
look like chiffon. It 'throws up' each
little thread of the lace trimming, so
that it appears like something costly
instead of the ordinary wash valen
ciennes, which it is. And it gives a
soft effect to the skin. .
"The lining, too, saves the swiss, so
that by washing It out in the wash
bowl and nressing it when nearly dry
the waist itself can be worn two . otr
three times without doing .iip. Be
sides all this, instead of having. to lay
the whole thing away this fall I.in
tend to wear it with the lining * all
winter. Try it yourself," added the
girl generously, "but be sure and get
the softest and lightest silk possible,
as a more expensive quality will not
mix so artistically with the .waist fab
ric and look so much -like a part of
it." — Chicago' Tribune.
COPYRIGHT, 1004. BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL AND THE NEW TORK EVENING MAIL.
Girls, Here's a Secret
About a Pretty Waist
"I felt rather cheap at being spoken
to . in . such a way, and was looking
about for^ the_i>erson_who__had thus
addressed, me. It didn't take me long
to discover" that this, first sign of in
hospitality I observed in the mansion
came from the Judge's parrot. He
was as wicked a bird as it was . ever
my fortune to; encounter." — Denver
"This meeting," declared Mr. Dol
liver. "reminds me very forcibly of a
visit I made to Belleville not many
months ago. I was the guest of Judge
Thomas? and passed the night in his
fine old_colon!al mansion. After sev
eral hours of refreshing sleep I at
tired myself and descended, filled with
thoughts 6t the splendid entertain
ment given me. All at once there
was a hoarse voice from an adjoining
room,, which said, in a contemptible
tone:
" 'Where the dickens did you come
from?*
Representative Rodenburg accom
panied one of his distinguished con
stituents. Judge Charles W. Thomas
of Belleville. 111., to the marble room
recently, where the two were joined
by Senators Dolliver, Hopkins and
Cullom.
Three of a Kind.
" 'It is the solemn duty of this here
congregation to stand by Parson John
sen. He does not seek trouble but he
will not show, the white feather when
trouble is forced in his way. I believe
that, unrestrained 'by divine grace.
Parson Johnson can whip any man in
Kentucky. The Lord Is with him. Let
us pray.' " — Washington Times.
"One day," says the Senator, "after
the parson had found it necessary to
administer fistic punishment to several
young toughs who persisted in dis
turbing the meeting at one of tne
churches which he served, one of his
flock, noted as being something or a
hard hitter himself, got up In meeting
and said:
Senator "Joe" Blackburn of Ken
tucky tells of a good old Methodist
minister in his State in the pioneer
days who was a considerable scrapper.
Kentucky's Powerful Parson.
Just after the Russian Admiral
Alexieff departed from Port Arthur a
member of Congress met Admiral
Dewey and discussed the situation.
"What made Alexieff quit in such
haste?" inquired the statesman.
"I will answer that by relating an
anecdote of our Civil War," replied
Admiral Dewey. "When General Hood
left Nashville on one side of the city
just as the Federal troops were enter
ing upon the other his colored servant
was captured. When asked why his
master quit in such a hurry the old
darky answered:
" 'Well, boss, \speet Massa Hood
don' think he kin do hiss'f justice in
this yere town.* " — New York Times.
Soldierly Discretion.
Dashaway — You say your sister will
be down in a minute, Willie. That's
good news. I thought perhaps she
wanted to be excused, as she did the
other day.
Willie — Not this time. I played a
trick on her.
Dashaway — What did you do?
Willie — I said you were another fel
low! — London Tit-Bits.
Willie.
"I am very much bothered. I can
marry a rich widow whom I don't
love, or a poor girl that I do love.
What shall I do?"
"Listen to your heart and marry the
one you love."
'"You are right, my friend. I shall
marry the girl."
"Then can you give me the widow's
address ?" — Fligende Blaetter.
An Artful* One.
. '."Gonebumpski."
— J. W. Foley, in New Torlc Times.
At last this grim and dreadful man
Grew busy, and a message ran
To the home folks, who freely «hed
Their bitter tears, the while they read:
But every day before his fins
And awe-inspiring battle line
He rode, with saber in his hand.
And valiantly gave this command:
"Backupskl."
"Xextweekski."
A year had gone, no battte yet.
The world came almost to forget
The doughty general." but he
Changed signs with regularity:
•
More months elapsed, but still no sign
Of battle from that dreadful line;
And now before his army vast
This banner he nailed proudly fast:
"Tomorrowski."
The. weeks rolled on, again he came
And bore a banner much .the same.
On. which was written this design. !
Before his awesome battle line:
"Notyetskl."
More weeks elapsed, and on the track
He rode, now forward and now back;
A waiting world watched eagerly.
But this was all that they could see:
"Afterawhilskl."
A few days passed, again he strode
With fierce demeanor up the road;
Another banner now he bore.
Changed somewhat from the one before:
"Waitabitski."
The shades of night were fallins fast
When throifgh Manchuria there passed
A general with flashing eye.
Who bore this banner proudly high:
"Eatemupski."
THIS IS WHERE
YOU WILL LAUGH
THE EXCELSIOR
OF KUR0PATKIN
'""PHE full statement of casualties in the battle of Xiaoyang is
not yet at hand, but from the partial reports made for the sev
* cral days of the continued action it is evident that in killed
alone the number will exceed the total casualties in any action at
arms since the invention of gunpowder. .,*' J
The greatest modern battles were fought in our Civil War. In
those actions it was pluck against pluck and grit against grit. The
largest number engaged in one action was at Fredericksburg, where
the Union army had 113,000 men and the Confederate 78,513, a total
of 191,513. The Confederate loss was 1284 killed, 9606 wounded and
1769 missing; the Union loss 608 killed, 41 16 wounded, and 653
missing, making a grand total of casualties of 18,036. The next
great battle, measured by the number of men in collision and the
casualties, was Gettysburg, the decisive battle of the war. There
the Union army numbered 97,361 and the Confederate 75,268, a total
of 172.629. Though the number of men in action was less than at
Fredericksburg, the casualties were much greater. The Federal army
lost 3072 killed, 14497 wounded, 5434 missing; the Confederate army
loss was 2592 killed, 12,709 wounded and 5150 missing. This was
a grand total of 45,354, of which the killed in both armies numbered
5664. It was a great and stubbornly fought action, in which every
form of offense was used, artillery, rifle, bayonet charge and cavalry
charge, and desperate courage was displayed by both sides. Yet
looking back upon it the number killed on the field was- surprisingly
small. - -i;;
Since then, however, there has been great improvement in arms.
The army rifle has a larger range, and the fired ammunition and ex
plosives "are all different. Not only in small arms has there been
a substitution of more efficient weapons, but the artillery is of greater
range and more rapid fire. These things alone account somewhat for
the greater destruction in the battles fought in the current war in
¦Eastern Asia.
In the action at Liaoyang it is believed that a half million of
men have faced each .other. The Russians have labored under the
disadvantage of having no reserves. Kuropatkin's policy of choosing
his ground for a stand and gathering upon it his entire force, has
brought his entire army under Japanese fire, so that there could be
no reserve maintained, out of danger, to come into action and re
lieve the troops jaded by long fighting. The Japanese generals in
this respect outclassed him. They repeat Napoleonic tactics, by hav
ing immense reserves, rested and fresh, ready for duty, while the
jaded recruit. These tactics permit that incessant assault which
gives the enemy no rest.
The outside world will have to wait for the reports of the sev
eral commanders, before knowing just what has happened in that
awful battle. Both armies exclude war correspondents from any
close view of the fighting. On the Japanese side the newspaper men
were permitted to snuff the battle afar off, at the comfortable dis
tance of eight miles. It is evident that none got any nearer the
Russian side, so that reports from that source are mostly the re
sult of imagination. It is the first modern war, modern in' the
sense of the rise of the newspaper, in which the belligerents have
succeeded in completely muzzling the war correspondents. In the
Russo-Turkish war Forbes, the great English war correspondent,
had the right of way in both armies. He sat alone with the Czar
in his field tent, and was able to write vividly, as an observer in
touch with events. Now the newspaper men, except for what local
color they get, can write up the war just as well at their home desks.
The Japanese officers have been very soldier-like in their re
porCs, which are believed to be accurate, and lack the dramatic ele
ment entirely. The Russians are the same, though they employ a
pardonable euphemism when they call a retreat "a change of po
sition."
From the reports given out by both sides it is evident that the
total killed will equal all the casualties of Fredericksburg and Get
tysburg combined, or a number but little short of the whole Con
federate force at Gettysburg.' While no man can foresee the effect
upon the world's political and commercial geography, it is with no
desire to underestimate the effect of Gettysburg or Sedan that one
may predict that the battle of Liaoyang will have the greatest per
manent effect upon the world's future history of any action since
Marathon or Tours.
Some of the Continental military critics try to minimize the
Japanese victory at Liaoyang because Kuropatkin's army was not
captured. But Lee's army was not captured at Gettysburg. It re
treated into Virginia, but the forces of Meade were left in possession
of the field, and the battle was decisive of the war.
JAPAN'S GREAT BATTLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, ;; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1904.
THE SAN FRANGISGQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS •* Pr°Pri etor
ADDRESS ALT. COMMUNICATIONS TO
3OHX McXAUGHT. » -Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE -THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN ITRAXCISCO
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER -7, 1904
8The Japanese worcUpf parting is not
"So long" or "See you later," but "Sa
yonaro"—"if it must be so."
The official T. M. C. A. excursion leav
lns: September 8 via the Grand Canyon
for the World's Fair wlll.be the largest
of the year. Mr. F. W. Prince, city tick
et age nt of the Santa Fe. will personally
conduct the party. World's Fair rates
are good tor this trip. Full information
at 641 aiarket st. • '
Biggest Excursion ot the Year.
General W.T." Clark, inspector of the
United States Treasury Department, is
the last of. General Grant's Civil war
staff. .He served .with Grant four years.
A resolution providing for" the regis
tration of union labels has been intro
duced in the Canadian Parliament at
Ottawa. . . " : -.n- '';'•¦'; '¦¦'".. f. : - '^'-'.:
Don't miss It. ..Send to ; .ypn'c> friends North,
East. South and' West the San Francisco num
ber or - the California Review'- with over one
hundred pases «f reading and -many beautiful
half-ton* illustrations. Fries ll> cents. Sold
by all newsdealers: . •
• During conclave week, September. B to 10 In
clusive, the Southern Pacific will run the
theater train. leaving San Francisco at 11:30
p.m., through to San Jose, stopping at Inter
mediate points. • •
Theater Train Daily to San Jose.
SANTA FE, N. M., Sept. 6.—Post
master Robert Carley of Golden, N.
M., was shot and perhaps fatally
wounded to-day by an unknown as
sassin, who made good his escape.
The shooting occurred- as Carley was
leaving his home.
Postmaster Victim of Assassin.
SAN JOSE, Sept. §.-An" electric
railway will. be irT.ojieration between
San Jose .and Palo 'Alttf within a year.
It will be built by the Interurban. The
Palo Alto road will run by Cupertino,
then'alongr Fremont avenue' to the site
of .the- new Santa CJa>a "College and
thence "along the foothills to_Stanford
University and Palo Alto. - " * v
Xcw Road for Palo Alto.
REDDING, Sept. 6.— The City
Trustees this v afternoon fixed the tax
rate for the city of Redding at 85
cents on each $100 assessed valuation.
This is the same > rate that prevailed
last year. The City Assessor's report
just completed shows the total prop*
erty of the city to be valued at $1,681,
860, which should yield a revenue of
$14,295 81.
Redding's New Tax Rate.
Strangers are possibly not aware that
San Francisco is the most important fur
center, and that mostly all the entire
collection of Alaska skins reach this
port before being distributed to other
parts of the United States and Europe.
We therefore cordially welcome those
who would like to visit a rare collection
of furs and fine specimens of skins, such
as we are now exhibiting at the St. Louis
Exposition. It would be well worth your
while to pay a visit to the largest exclu
sive fur house in the world.
H. LIEBES & COMPANY, Incorporated,
133-135-137 Post Street,
San Francisco. California. •
Invitation to Strangers.
The witness testified that in April,
1904, she and Miss Dolbeer sailed for
Europe and that at that time- the latter
seemed to be in good health. On the
return to New York, said Miss War
ren, there were no symptoms of mental
aberration in Miss Dolbeer's condition.
Hiram W. Johnson, attorney for the
contestants of the Dolbeer will, did all
the questioning during the taking of
the deposition. He brought out the
claim that on April 3. 1904, Miss Dol
beer telephoned to T. S. Watson, a
lumber dealer,* that she wished to make
her will. The deponent accompanied
Miss Dolbeer to Watson's office, but
she heard nothing further regarding
the will. Practically this ended the
questioning for the day. Miss Warren
was dismissed with injunctions to re
port to-day at 2 o'clock p. m. for
further questioning.
Undoubtedly the Johnson brothers
expect to spring a great sensation as
a result of Miss Warren's deposition.
Neither of them made any effort to
keep the contents of the testimony
secret and said that the closed door
policy was entirely due to a ruling
obtained from Probate Judge Coffey
at the request of Miss Warren's attor
ney.
"In the interest of our clients," said
Albert Johnson, ¦ "we are making a
fight to a finish. We expect to show
many things that will be sensational.
If necessary we shall have, witnesses
from Paris, New York and San Fran
cisco to testify in favor of our clients.
What this testimony may be will de
pend largely on developments In Miss
Warren's depositions. Unless she ad
mits many things we shall have to re
but her testimpny."
The attorneys f iM Miss Warren re
fused to talk regarding her deposition.
• The deposition of Miss Warren as
far as taken developed no sensations.
She testified to her first employment
by Miss Dolbeer as nurse at wages -of
$30 a month. In this capacity she
served for several years and was
finally advanced to $40 a month. For
sixteen years she had been Miss Dol
beer's companion, she said. During
that time deponent and hor dead mis
tress toured Eastern cities at intervals
averaging two years. Miss Warren
had never noticed signs of illness in
Miss D"'h*»er. uotil the spring of 1904.
Then sue had complained of sleepless
ness and seemed depressed. She re
ceived treatment from Drs. McGonigle,
Lewltt and MofflL The last named ad
vised the. rest cure for Miss Dolbeer
and a different nurse.
Miss Etta Warren, main inheritor of
the estate of the late Miss Dolbeer. was
technically on the witness stand yester
day. After several summonses she con
sented to have her deposition taken in
the offices of Johnson & Johnson, on
the ninth floor of the Mills building.
Veiled to a depth that baffled photog :
raphers to catch her features, Miss
Warren entered the elevator of the
Mills building under an escort of E. S.
Pillsbury, William Mugan, George D.
Gray and Miss Alexander, an attendant
of the late heiress. These were con
ducted to the inner offices of Johnson
Brothers. Garret . McEnerney, attor
ney for Miss Warren, arrived fifteen
minutes later anl was immediately
shown to the inner rooms. All
were barred.
Chief Beneficiary Under the
Will of Bertha Dolbeer
Begins Her Deposition
SANTA CRUZ, Sept 16.— ?TIve sky
has' been '^overcast to-day '- fey »¦ smoke
forest flr«S, : 'one;at Big
CJreek and -another onfthe : ridge be
tween' Mill- Creek and Creek dams,
¦which furnish the*water for r the elec
•trie power for Santa Cruz : and -Wat
scnville. The fire is also on' the" moun
tain above the power-house. This af
ternoon* the fire reached the Mill
Creek flume and burned it. The water
is flowing down the road. There were
no electric cars running to-night on
account of lack of power and the Wat
sonville system was demoralized.
Pasquel Sononigni. who is postmas
ter at Swanton and was for many
years owner of the Pescadero stage
line, was drowned to-day. While fight
ing the flames he fell into the reser
voir.
Big Flume r Is Burned and Several
" Diinis'Are Threatened* by ¦;.-'¦'¦¦
:. -stlie Flames.; 'tX'4\
FIRES CAUSE DA3IAGE
IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
John C. Adklns, Stockton, apparatus for *ep.
lnj? wells; Sparks M. Berry, Los Angelas, ; sash
fastener; Albert C. Calkins, .Los Angeles, t"cea.t-
Ing oils; Emile Davens. Sierta ' MaflrV, ream'
position of matter; Rufus H. Dbrn;_ v lJc« An-'
geles, miter box; Herrlman Enge. Wist Berke
ley, propeller; Walter C. Fraser, National City,
combined lock and latch; Charles El Hum
phreys, Walker, quartz mill; Samuel Lack,
Berkeley, composinc stick tilter; William G.
Lawrence, Oakland, non-reHllable bottle;
August Lotz. San Francisco, means for observ
ir.R uust-laden currents; Henry H. Lyon.
Riverside, boiler feeder; James F. McCleary,
San Francisco, curline Iron heater; Arthur
Painter. San Francisco, cable traction system;
Horrer -A. Plimpton, Rlversld*. Ironing: board
and cabinet; Dltrich Schafer. Sacramento, win
dow ventilator; Antonin Sperl, Los Angeles,
band brake for vehicles; James S. Stevens, Los
Angeles, wheel.
WASHINGTON, Sept. fiZ^-The/ fol
lowing California patents .were ~ issued
to-day: .. jr~.:~ : ?« : '_ ¦¦•yr"^ . v 'A. -;
Government Stamp Is. Affixed to Use
ful Devices Designed b'y People..*, ,
In the' AVesti- _ ¦ ;
PATENTS ARE ISSUED
TO SIAXY CAMFORXIANS
MISS WARREN
IS QUESTIONED
CHEHALIS, Wash., Sept. 6. — The
plant of the International Milk Con
densing Company was destroyed by
f.re which broke out this morning a
little after midnight. The boiler
house, boilers, water tank and office
were saved. The loss is $65,000, with
between J 4 0,000 and $50,000 Insur
ance.
Big Fire in Oiehalis.
Army order — "Major Edward T.
Brown, artillery corps, is assigned to
the command of the field artillery bat
talion at the Presidio, San Francisco.
Otto Ehlbeck was to-day appointed
postmaster at Wernicke, Clarke Coun
ty, Wash., vice William H. Dillon, re
signed, and Brousse Brizard was com
missioned postmaster at Hoopa, Cal.
The Comptroller of the ..Currency
to-day issued a certificate "authoriz
ing the First National Bank of Calis r
toga to commence business • with -a
capital of $25,000. He also approved
the applications of F. F. Handschy,
George Nolte, Charles F. Xolte and
others to organize the Bellingham Na
tional Bank, Bellingham, Wash., with
a capital of 5100,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6. — The Sec
retary of the Interior has notified the
register of the land office at Susan
ville, Cal., that 100,000 acres has been
withdrawn from entry for the ,Beeber
reservoir site in connection with the
Pit River project.
Secretary of IntertorrWlthdraws I^and
fop Entry andVPostal Department
Makes Chances.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPUB 1 " '
OF THE PACIFIC- COAST
The Benbow airship ascepded. to,: a.
height of from 150 to 200 feet;: and starts
ing from about the center ofthexourse,
sailed as far as to the east. gate be
fore descending. The desceAt'.was n^ade
In a straight path and the machine was
then led back to the starting point*.
The airship consists of .{-£ a ".' cigar
shaped balloon and an aluminum; car.
It has a ten-horse power engine, run
with hydrogen 1 gas. The. bag is. about
seventy feet long and hap- sixteen pro
peller blades, four on each wheel, and
two wheels on each side- of the car.
The bag has a capacity of 14,000 cubic
feet and the hydrogen gas which It
holds has a lifting power of 900 pounds.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 6.— T. C. Benbow.
a' Montana aeronaut, is the first man to
sail an airship over the World's Fair
aeronautic course. He made a trial r a.s-.
cension to-day and demonstrated .that
his machine is dirigible, but owing to
scarcity of power he was unable/- to
propel it without great difficulty
against the wind. •' * "¦¦ .
These officials admitted that their, ac
tion might "be open tO'Crtllcism from a
strictly legal standpoint,; but ¦' Justified
their^acts by saying it was for the pub
lic good'an'd for the improvement of the
service. Judge Wellborn holds this ; po
sition is untenable' and, as against' both
the ' le'tter and the , spirit of the inter
state commerce. act,- By the. arbitrary
routing />'f as confessed by
the railroad officials themselves,, they
secured the absolute cotntrol of the'en
tire business, thereby preventing .con
necting, roads from competing for the
business -and ! not merely '-restricted
competition, but absolutely destroyed it.
•'¦ii0S ANGELES, 6— Judge Well-:
"bbrri,' iff ' tRe United States . Circuit
XJour t '? ,,to-day . % rendered a decision
'which, "if *lt" be sustained by the higher
courts,- -• will •.•¦ be ,-of immeasurable 4m
portance to the .'citrus and other^fruit'
shippers' of. -this State. J ¦ / V; ',*..:
j •'" The case was that of \the Interstate;
Commerce Commission, "aTcting for; the
shippers; Southern' Pacific
and Santa Fe railroads. The opinion of
the court" is .voluhiinouls, covering forty
closely* typewritten pages. He sustains
practically every point "advariced" byithe :
shippers.- The keynote ot' the decision
is the declaration,? that v v the, arbitrary
routing of fruit shipments, by. the initial
lines is contrary to the : provisions of,
the interstate commerce, act in that it
destroys competition and places • the
shipper at the mercy of the v rallroad
companies.' , .w • 4. ',' ¦•¦ ' > \
' The- Judge 'ordered .% decree, entered
granting "a writ of. injunction, or other
proper process, mandatory 'or other;
wise, '¦> to , restrain - the defendants • ironi
further, continuing in -their; violation of
and disobedience of the orders . of • the
Interstate. Commission to /discontinue;
the pooling arrangement between H the'.
several roads "¦ in • interest,-, and the at
torneys, for the complainant were in
structed' to ' prepare : findings j In accord
ance with the" decision. . - '
In his decision Judge Wellborn makes
copious' extracts from the testimony • of
Paul Morton and other prominent offi
cials of the railways, during -the hear
ing, in which they : admitted : that ' the
arbitrary routing of citrus fruit .ship
ments was for the purpose , of stopping
the rebate system, which operated dis
astrously, for. the small shipper and also
for the purpose of controlling the busi
ness absolutely -In -order to'maintain
tariff rates! ,~ * "¦ * • •?—•'¦¦-.,.
Special Dispatch, to' The Call.
At Height of Two Hundred
Feet Cigar-Shaped Balloon
Is Maneuvered by Maker
Decision Affects , x Southern
Pacific and^ Santa 3?e: aid
; Defeats ? Both: tq Decisively
IN JUNCTION
-Judge Wellborn Holds That
Arbitrary /Routing of Ship-
I nients Is Contrary to Law,
MACHINE IS DIRIGIBLE
Montana: Aeronaut Makes
Successful Airship Voyage
at Exposition at St. Louis
TAKES A TRIP
OVER THE CITY
COURT FAVORS
THE SHIPPERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
9
ADyERTISEMENTS^ . jj.^ M __^.
A "Wireless Messs^fe" . r ; - \ 5 !- T; • djfljk : i
r^^r^^m^^^ t^ i \ ¦ Sri
\jj $ 1 2.00 and Upward
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO.,
415 POST STREET. ___
DDTTCUTTC FOli barbers, ba- • . . ¦ 1 . •"¦'
BKUbnn& ks^js^.x: Ooio^ dont fail to
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners. I* ft 1 5J C ft Y " ' irtli-iy
dyers, floar mills, foundries, laundries, > paper- •* U1UVV see- the beautiful
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, rnitDT T -«....„: -
etablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.- *»-«4 tUUKA Lounging
Buchanan BEOS.. rtflfl room, the EMPIRE
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St. will* p A R jj q R ; V t he
— : — ; ,.-..,. . /. jl J PALM ROOK the
ia/. t. Hess, iiranfl ar -
Notary Pnbllo and Attorney-at-likw. „ rii^' WBTTiMft
Tenth- Floor, Room- 1015, Claus Spreckeia bl&g. If A i./%1i^ ;L»1H»O- W KXTINO
Telephone .Main »S3. , llftTfiK ROOM,
Residence, 1S02- McAllister: st. ' JJUlylJ; :^^~7~-;; ,- ,
Residence Telephon* Page 5641. > < .. ' " ¦ •
v : AMUSEMENTS.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE!
MATXWEE TO-SAT
.- AHD EVERY DAT THIS WEEK.
The Or eat Slnginff Pour; Barton and
Brooks; Tare* Mitchell! ; Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Kelcy; Klein and Clifton; Paul
Barnes; Era Williams axUkJao Tnektr,
Presenttac "Driftwood"; "Our Boys in
Blue." and Orphenm Motion Pictures,
Showing- the
KNIGHT
TEMPLAR PARADE
Prices — 10c, 23c and ftOc
AT C* A T A T3 Belasco * Maysr.
General Manager.
TO- NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
With Mats. Thurs.. Friday (Admission Day)
and Saturday.
Evg.. 25c to 73c; Mats.. 23c to 60c
WHITE | AND THE ALCAZAR CO. }
\A/ M I T T L E «» E Y
< In the Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EMMET
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The OYlsInal Version by Brandon Tynan.
Monday Sept. 12. MR. WHITE WHITTLE-
SEY ;n "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
A3 PLATED BY JOHN DREW.
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 333
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK— MATINEES FRI-
DAY (ADMISSION DAY). SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
Theodore Kremer's Most Powerful Drama.
£VBL MEN DO
Massive and Magnificent Scenic Environment!
j , . • Brilliant Cast: " > ;
DJllfLC EVENINGS .!0c»tO 80c
rnll'EO Matinees .10c. 15c, 25c
wext .OWI.Y a- shop onu,
— i - '
The Musical Goolmans
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening 1 In the Theater.;?..;
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Htar th* Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
3 -BABY LIONS IN THE Z00--3
AMATEUB NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
When phoning ask for "THE CHUTES."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
DON'T fall to visit the NEW YORK. 1 to 5
-dally, and see the ILLUMINATED FLEET
AT NIGHT. 7 to 10-p. -m. Be sure to get
the right tickets from the C. A. McNEILL
LAUNCH CO.; office and ¦ landing; foot of
Clay st.. Just north of Ferry building.
llMlSiliiii
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
AI.I. THIS WEEK.
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Present!
FLORENCE ROBERTS .
In Her Wonderful Portrayal ot
SAPHO
Matinees — Friday (Admission day) and
Saturday. ,
SEATS NOW SELLING FOR
"MAKTA Or TEE X.OWXtA2n>S. M
OPENING NIGHT. SUNDAY. SEPT. 11.
OCEAN TRAVEU
.... — ... . . . ....
sfZ\C ?5iv Bteamers leay» Broadway
/v>^*^«V wn * rTea (Piers I and 11),
/1"jC- S* n Francisco:
/Q/re*J»jl \«A\ For Ketchlkan. WrangeL
I I \Vt1 I I Juntas. Ha!n<-». 8ka«-«ray.
V A \knA/ / etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
V<iv VI +>ycf/ 2- T. «. 17. 22. 27. October X
V5psJ»_>XjV Chans* to this company's
XA»«sj4?5/ iteamers at Seattle.
Tor Victoria. VaacooT-w.
Port Townseod. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. R»!-
Hnghan*— 11 a. m.. 8ept 2. 7. 12. 17. 23. 27.
October 2. Oiaago at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. By.; at S»»
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vaacoovs*
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay>— Pomoaa. 1:M
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13, 19. 25. October 1; Corona,
1:30 p. in.. Sept. 4, 10. 16. 22. 29. October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Ana-eles a&4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. A a. m.
¦ State of California, Thursdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfor* (Saa
Luis OblsDO). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. 8ept. 4. 13. 20. 28, October «.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. S, IS. 24. October S.
. For Emenada. Msgdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th each mo.
Tar further Information obtain folder. Rlsht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dsl— .
TICKET OITICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hetel). 10 Markst st.- and Broad,
way wharves. Pr«ijclit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenjrer Afent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. wfli
call for and check baggage from hotels - aadl
residences. Telephone Exchanco 313.
occanies.sxo. sai 1^
UVVUIJIV«»VlVV« OIM0I UMWMHIO.
S 8." SIERRA, for * Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Kydn«y. Thursday Sept. 8.^3 p. m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. U a. m.
I S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Bept 17, 11 a-m.
ID SPEClELSkBSOi Ca,UtS.,TlC&t(mia5431l3r-
t'et nsimt Qiaca 329 Marfet si, Pier 7, Pacing 31
C0M71S5IS aCrXXALC TaiirSlTLAHTIQSl.
DIRECT IJNB TO HAVRE-PAWS.
sailln" every Thursday Instead of -SJKaBfc
flwrday. at 10 a. m.. from Pl»r 43. 2»«»
North River, foot of Morton st
FlrVt class to Harw. $70 and upward, JN«M«
,t«ltn Havre. 143 and upward. GEN3RAX.
laKSCtrSk UXITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA «» Broadway (Hudson- building). N»w
York J T. FXJOAZI & CO.. P«"o Coart
ISsts. 6 Montgomery awme. San Franetow*.
Tickets sold by aU R*"™** *"*?** '"'^bssl
TO IX. 8. H»TT Twrd ftttd Vailojo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leavss 8. F.. toot of
day st.. north end ferry bld«.—Ws«k day,,
a -30 A. M. S and •» P. M-: Sundaya, »:39
i. M » P- M- £•»?« VaU«Jo— Wni days.
fr»i M., 12:20 and «l:3O P. M.: Sundays. «
p M Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vatleio. Glen Cove and Marttaa*.
60c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODAU,
CO. Phon« Main «4L 'Saturday ticsptsd.
To IT. 8. arary Tard and Tallejo.
Stmrs. General Krlsble. Montlcello and Arrew.
0:i5a. m.. 12:30. 3:13. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex.»un.) :
Sundays »:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave ValZejo
7 0 a. m.. 12:30. 3:13. » p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days II a. 4:11 P. »• P>er 2. foot MIs«
«lon strcst: phons Main 1308. HATCH BROS.
4Bh g% oa cs B% Outfits. Guns. Ammual-
¦ 1 Si H fl Si tlon - Fishing and Outing
3 fg ifia w9 Goods. Tents and r>ns to
ilHlnSr R « nt - CATALOO FRIS.
UnitflS SHREVE & BARBER COt.
¦•¦¦¦¦ T39 Marktt it,
121 XMiar tv. sV 1^
AMUSEa£ENTS.
yiJInUmBlff LEADING IHEV.Pi
Powell St., near Market.
EMPHATIC T Itl V M PHi
KYRLE IJ ICL/L/it W
Splendid Company, Includlnc
E. M. HOLLAND,
In the Fascinating: and Intensely Dramatic
Study In Criminology.
PAPCI PC THE AKATSUS ,
Krirr^O CRACKSMAN.
"Raffles Is thrilling. Kept us four acts,
caKer. Impatient, wild to nn«l out how It all
ended." — Examiner.
"Raffles Is a~most absorbing: drama. The
eJepant burglar and swell detective make ln-
ttTestlnj? combination." — Chronicle.
"Kyrle Bellew In "Raffles' wins triumph." —
Call. ¦ -
"Aristocratic audience clapped hands sor*
or held breaths. Kyrle. Bellew Is fascinating."
— Post.
"Raffles Is summed up In one word, dls-
tiictlon."— Bulletin.
Performance every night— including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday Only. . .
f[Ri|lf|[|»[
LAST 2 WEEKS |JSj3b 2Z!Z?
! MATINEES i§S u S!S«Sir
: ITt^v SERENADE
USUAL TIVOLI^ PRICES— ?5c. 50c, "5c.
| ~~ '¦ • ' *~ *~
H. W. BISHOP.. Lessee and Manager.
T0-Ni6HT T^i^ K TO-NIGHT
COLOSSAL SUCCESS.
OLIVKP. MOKOSCO'S MAJESTIC THEATER
COMPANY. OFFERING
tie falabO the hiUg
CiPZ^ Thursday Bargain Matinee; Reserved
«pat«i to All Parts of the House.
MATINEES FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
WELCOME^Sm KNIGHTS !
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Funniest': Play in the City.
, Best'Muslo, Dances. Marches.
Twenty Excellent Specialties. '
Scenery. ' Costuminsr ¦ Unequaled.
"¦•- Unrivaled Caste of Burlesque Artist*.
¦ ¦ Beautiful Chorus of Forty. •
• NUht - PrTces,' 23c. 50c and 75c.^
, Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and fiOc.
SPECIAL MATINEE ON FRIDAY. ADMIS-
SION, DAY.
< Next Burlesque. "MISS MA5JUMA."
-'"¦¦*¦•• Strictly Original and FTinny.
afISCELI>x\XEOlJS AMUSEMEXTS._
, BASEBALL
-AT; RECREATION. PARK. ¦ "
Eighth and Harrison streets.- .
SAN FRANCISCO ts. OAKLAND
Tue'sday and Saturday i ..'.... : .3 p. m.
Wedneaday and Thursday • ~. . .3:30 p. m.
Friday 'V:... :.....:.........;.. 10:30 a. m.
Friday and Sunday \ . . . . . . . . . . . . ..2:30 p.- m.
¦,; LADIES FREE ON, THURSDA.T.
Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton St. %
o c o ©o oeeoooce o©o©o® coocoe«©eo o
\ Conclave /
>s^ News /.^
// the N\
Price /[ CalPs Dafly ]] Price
5c \\ Reports IJ 5c
\\ «f tb« neat ooftdmw* //
NX. wiU \% complet* //
\N. u< rrtlfctle. ~// I
a o* o ° f Send y our frJen;Js % ••#
9 f a copy daily and they •<
f will be as well posted ° Q
g as if they were here %
<? attending the Conclave. %
O00C00®00CCC©0CQ09©0©Q00©00e»O
SPECIAL OFFER in SUIT CASES
AND LEATHER GOODS
During Conclave Week.
S4.OO.
For this splendid leather Suit Case,
24-inch size, and lined with linen.
This is only one of the unequaled
values we are offering for this
week. Come and look over our
line. We've grot exactly what you
are looking for.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
tfCHffi&A?AND
"^ 8
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TUJt
WEST.
Over 24 Poet irt.. San Francisco. Cal.
Ertab. 40 yesrs. Open entire year, day & night.
TTrlte for circular* <free).
Polytechnic Buii-
'£&^<zi?* P^Pr 5^ School of Engri-
{-. '£,•" ¦ - "v.-v^ri£jl^ oeerln.gr, Oakland,
&G&^ %£&&£?& Cal Largest and
f&.'r?? 'f^T*^^ best equipped school
' r £ 7 *itCT!ET£'TjrS~j;p:Jj3! °* trusiness, shorthand
P^vjflT: "^^ «Egla«erlng west
of Chlca«fl. Perfect
- - A-'O' ri)JZL\&*>- climate. Expense*
low. WrlU for free
ZtO-pgge Catalogue.
the: cyceu/vi.
An accredited preparatory school for the unl.
vc-relty, law and medical colle^ea, I* well
known for 1« carerul and thorough work. Ccnao
r.r.d be wltl| us; we prepare you well; refer-
•¦nce*. President Jordan or any Stanford oro-
ffrsor. Phslan Buildinr.
L. ij. GltAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
IRVINQ INSTITUTE.
Bcardine tnd d«y echool for youn* ladiei and
litll* Klrlp. 2126 CalUornla street. Will reopen
August I. 130«. Accredited to the universal"
P.EV. EDWARD n. CHURCH, A. M.. Prlncip»l;
try^jjW^^Tff^^^ I s t^he most practical;
¥?*3Z3t&3lf?sffi3 P ert court rcporterH. J
Ei^UlfcaKgVltj'j'! Send for* Catalogue.
P^Say"^ -.: 13S2 Market St.. S.F.
l/iounf Tamalpais Military Academy
BAJSf RAFAEL. CAL.
Joslor school separat*. Fall term basics Aug.
17. ARTHUR CROSBY. D.D., Hud Matter.
*.~\ ';_ -_ ; : -~
Vegetable Soup. "i S {
"h 'it-'/ni- lA7TRIAts: — Th'cc or.icn?, three /fj%\ %
A^t^V — r 7^V'\ carrots, two turnips, hesd celery, t^H^J
4 P ars ' c . v » 5a^ T » P c p? rr » tf»rcc table- |
, THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE / |
Seasoning: — As indicative of the dishes which follow, a soup should B
be perfect in consistence and seasoning. The anxious ||
cook need not fear criticism if to the soup in the «
I tureen she adds two tablespoonfuls of Lea C& Perrins' B
Sauce. . H
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agent*, NEW YOUK. H
.-;;;. '; -;r • • - y; ; ; - ; ;¦ .. nr^ inr _. n : AfiYJ E^ I^ EMENT^ ¦ ._;
I A. ¦ B. C. Beer's Purity and Freedom From 1
I Adulteration Officially Recognized I
|1 OFFICE OF STATE ANALYSE • I I
HI . ' I have examined sample marked ._ uVrf& & /3/X4f^.^yu^L^X4tja^\ i I |
• received CtpAA\L.^ /.^ffM*— « . WS-. ., and report as follows; \f\
m '¦'¦''¦ 'W^W : VtRk B^W^^IJ^ IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND IT IN MANY II
M lUlil 1 i# II 1 W^ BOTTLED BEERS, BECAUSE THEIR. ~1
m W % J ink I! M II PRESERVATION IS GAINED THROUGH N
¦m .M.^yWrm^A' A & chemical adulteration N
W& ¦ y Bottled beers, as well as food products, arc often adulterated * with chemical |^
§|f preservatives, etc, which for awhile keep them from souring, but are injurious to the I 1
m stomach. A. B. C. BEER is guaranteed to be ABSOLUTELY PURE and free from M
|f| any adulteration whatever. It is never exposed to the air (which is germ-laden), but is M
IH brewed, fermented and aged for eight months in air-tight compartments, then piped in t'A
fM block tin pipes direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where it 2s bottled, sealed, f;J
jllj pasteurized and packed for shipment. 1 4
M i% ' iT^ s<""^ Trffi ONLY BEER l\
M /\ WT* U BOTTLED EXCLUSIVELY fci
/ **• B— *Vfj *K*^SO AT THE BREWERY MA
ffl- Therefore the only Bottled Beer whose Purity can be ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED I- 1
|| y J\. : : :^--^ Ihe American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. M
M HILBERT MERCANTILE COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers 11
136-144 Second Street. SAN FRANCISCO p|
g y**^i8^fyi^^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, -SEPTEMBER 7, 1904.
10
[ E33UCATIO2TAIr— Coatlanea. p
J E. R. AYRES. founder cf Ayres Business Col-
'i lege. has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shurthand. typing: $.". month: life scholarship
$0o; positions secured, day. eve. 72:1 Market.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. tain., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. : est. 1S«4: van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASHES in short story wrttlnc and journal-
ism meet on Jinn.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
:i3r> Ph«!an bids.; terms very reasonable.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Panctngr^l412_Po!*. nr. cal.
PIANO lesson- by rupil of New Ensr. ClUIMrV'
atory. :;ti Glen Park ave.: phone Jessie 1j»8.
i SPANISH.French.etc. Prof. De Fill ppe's Academy
I of languages. 1013 Post: est. 1571 ;ablest prof.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
fonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. :tO2 Monty 1 my.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
PARTIXGTO.VS. i2i Pine st. — Night cia-a.
ISAAC Pitman Business Collec-. 345 Halght:
Individual Instruc; all branches; day, ev^
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt. cora-
plete course. $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA Business College, 823 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-rage catalog on reques^
[ SPIKITUAIJSai^^J
{ CKINDLE'S materializing seanc» Wednesday
evg., 8 o'clock. 323 Ellis st.
I C.V.MllIer'8 special materializing; snance Wed.
[ eve. 8 o'clock; frienda only. 1C34 Bush -t.
MRS WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings this
week 25c; dr. Man.. Frl.. 8 p-m. 1233 Mkt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1-
3568 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 836.
d-ArsvoYAirrs. . n
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
H« has met every expectation. «verr a<W"
tlsed promise.
He Is acknowledged By all who consult him
as a true «xDonent of the occult science; tor
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries: would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters tnat ar*
troubling you and of the schemes of your en*-
mits, that you may meet with better success.
Then don't hesitate until too late..
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at «.
42S Eddy st. ; lady attendant
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE. .
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever in San Francl3co.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee t»
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, an!
what you want to know. I tell If husband. wlf»
or sweetheart Is true or false, whern and when
yon will marry; in fact. I will tell every hop«.
fear cr ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach th« irreatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining-, speculation; I Implant th»
controlling power in your naturo so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, - brine back your loved one, and caus»
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. o. to 1
p. m.: closed Sunday. 326 O'FarreU St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gtves an
accurate description of the past, reveals th»
present happenings an portrays events to
cccur in t*ie future; if you are la trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
rult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advlc» In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; ot*n Sundays. T«l. Black 4560.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 3.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestio
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAJFv Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Offica hours — 10
a. m. to .1 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wedne»-
3ay tvenlas. « to 8. Pbon* South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Krorenberp. palmist, clairvoyant, card
r»ader: when others fall try me;good readings
23c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.av. TeI.Larkl.1 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names clven ; 23c up. 8 Ellis st.
Dead-trance medium; genutne. unique, succes*-.
ful; circle Tues., Thurs.. 8 p.m. SC3 Ellis.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladies only. 421 Hyde st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 017 Market, room 10.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 23c.
gents 50c. 543 Minna st
PALMISTRY, card readinr. 25c and 50c. Miss
L. Kahntus. 704}. Lark in: 10 a. m.-9 p. m.
MRS BAUMANN. th» well-known fortune*
teller, ia now at 317 Ellis st
EMPEOYMEITT OTTlCEn. '^/-
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. 1MURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 3281.
A — ORPHEU11 Employment Office — Japane**-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5732.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seunz's, 411*4 OTarrell: tel. East 42a.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer*.
general help. "NATIONAL." 809 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chln*se Err.p. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Frit* Tamagakt.myr. :tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese- Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 81331
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel. Main 1»97. BRADLEY & CO.. W4O Clar.
1-MPi.OTMEirr WAirraj— yi-MAXJi.
STRONG, competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, wants light sweeping and wash-
Injr by ths day; fine laundress: cheerful
worker; $1 23 and car fare. 1S9 Fourth «t.
first flight, room 24. . ¦ • :.
RELIABLE woman wtshe« situation for ren-
eral housework; city er short distance la
country: reference* If required; no pcstals.
unless carfare raid. Box C20. Call office.
WANTED— Situation by a woman to do gen-
eral housework In small American family:
Is first-class cook: no postals answered. 207
Minna *t., v near Third. ' ¦
REFINED middle-aged lady would Hk« to go
to Portland. Or., as houseke«per; take fall
charge* of private cr public borne. Address
MRS. C. W., 1420 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted — By competent woman as
worklnff housekeeper: Is first-class cook; city
or country. Box 1070, Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes & situ-
ation: hourework and cooking;: wagrea $23.
10$ Eizhth St.. near Mission.
WANTED — To do cooking and light hous--
wcrk: traces from $25 to $.TO. 2952C Folsom.
WOMAN with a child" want housework, city or
country. 324 Mason; phone Black 2306.
WANTED — Situation by woman to do general
housework in small American family. C07
Minna st.. near Third.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 25 a day; no postals answered 343
Minna St.. betwetn Sixth and Seventh.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day; good cutt«r
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box SOD. Cafl.
A LADY wishes a sositlon as a seamstress In
private family: thoroughly competent- • al_.j
good cutter' Bex Sf 5. Call office.
BOOKKEEPERlIIady. capahle aru , competent"
desires good position: good references- state
salary and partlculara Box S22. Call office.
A YOUNG Klrl wishes positicn as waitress in
Ca'ri a offlct m ' ty: be * t ° f exp * rience - ** S36.
WANTED— A- position as housekeeper In • »
*mall family by an elderly Eastern lady*
M. J. H.. box $11. Call office.
SI £a^T_m^ by r *' !abl , e J™" n Ia *™*" Amer-
ican family; general housework. £0* -Minna
st., n*ar Third.
EASTERN woman wants situation; eood cook,
baker and J_un.!res*: slev,. home refer-ncei
Addrets Cook, box 000. Call office.
G v«\ M f_i !V oman wa " 1 * P«Hlo» M^ookrvrt-
\ate family; sleep home. Box S20. Call.
COLORED woman would like to do washlnr
and Ironing at home. 115 Moulton at
>«'EAT yourir colored woman want* work in
• private family or small boarding hoW
country oreferred. Bo. <w». call 0(0^
j BUSIEX3S CHANCES— (^oatinued^
1 a~?25'"J: HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
aero':"" the bay; 5 years' leas?; rent $75: busi-
r.c-ss f.rst class, paying; finest location in
: v<.od business town. K. G. WILKE, 26'.i
j Kearny st.
A— $')C0: CORNER saloon on Fourth Bt. : rent
$J0; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
20 '-i Kearny st.
A— $I2."0; DAIRY produce, branch bakery, ice-
cream and candy store; rent $15; dally re-
ceipts about $-'!5; business clears from .$150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2l»!_
Kearny et. .
A— 92000; HALF interest In 0-&>C«tabU«b«J
countnisFion store; butter, eggs and country
produce; a eood business; retiring partner to
lrave thi* oity; a rare chance for good man.
Fee R. G. WILKE, LW% Ktarny »t.
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Kol=om si.; rent
$2G; place doing a first-class payins business.
See R. G. WILKE, 2G«i Kearny st.
A— $I7.'.0; BAKERY, estab. many years: da'.ly
receipts $50; baking 3^_ barrels day; very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.2G& Ktarny
A— $1250— COFFEE and tea etore wJth route of
customers, horse, wagon, etc.; In best busi-
ness town acrcss the bay; full value In fight;
a we!l-*ttab#shed arid good -pay in 3 busintts, '
Pte B G. TVILKE. 26>i Kearny st. j
A— $1500; CORNER naloon; In cholie location;
of the Mission; rent $20; place e»taWlshcd
ina'iy years; doing a good-paying business.
j Fee R. G. WILKE/ 26»_ Ktarny et.
$20C0_BARBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least S50 per week; j
rent $75. Including 7 rooms; located In the |
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26}_ Kearny st.
A— J750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy -grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
Of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V_
Kearny st.
A— $22^0; ROADHOUSE; the best in Sonoma
County; house of 0 rooms, orcharj. etc.; 4Vj
yeans" lease; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26»_ Kearny st.
A— SIM*); CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best ir-
catlons in this city; rare cnance. fcee R.
G. WILKE, 2t>»_- Kearny st.
A— $05(10; SALOON, one of the best on Market
*t. : t%-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
pantly ntted up and never clearing less than
$:>50 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2tHi
Kearny Ft.
A— $2C00; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
nlshcd rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse.
nagin and .'{ cows; 5-vear lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*. Kearny 6t.
A — $20C0; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying busi-
ness; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 2C>. Kearny st.
A — $:>500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et. ; rent $»50: livtns rooms; stock will in-
roiee about S2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26»_ Kearny st.
A— $350; CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; value in sight; a good business.
See R, G. WILKE. 26». Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE, 26'. Kearny st.
A— $2tX>0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices: saloon established years; a
first-class raying place. See R. G. WILKE,
its 1 . Kearny st.
A— $S00: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business: sur-
roun<!' s d by wholesale houses; no night or
Kurdny work. R. G. WILKE. 2«^_ Kearny.
A— $.;5<X>; ELEGANT barroom, with roercan-
' tile lurch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; Dlao? must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
W1LKK. 2t5>_ Kearny st.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
111S Market st.
Business Exchange. Real Estate, and Loans.
f?50 — Restaurant ; eood location; seats 80;
everything >n fine condition.
$12"'O — Rooming-house; 25 rooms, all full?
four blocks from this office; clears $100.
$100 — Cigar stand; fine place for young
man. $
$l."0 — Cigar stand: worth double the money.
$5CC0 — Mtat market: clears $500 per month;
Invite close investlcatloh.
$4000— Grocery and delicatessen; on cor-
ner: 3 living rooms: clears $250 per month.
$1COO — Grocery; stock will invoice amount
asked.
$275 — Cigar ctand; fine location.
$I1.<"'CG — Furniture and- hardware; low rent.
S25i/0 — Restaurant; seats 70; newly refur-
nish-d. y •'
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher Ehop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cisar Ktand. saloon or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what j-ou want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
room. 41S-419; telephone Fotsom 3168.
BREWERY and bottllne worKS for sale, very
reasonable, or will take a partner who can
take charge of the business: a good and com-
plete works and a good trade, wholesale and
retail. SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
i:jl2 Market Bt.. rooms 41S-419. Tel. Fol-
Fcm 340S.
FOR eale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for f> or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort. 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
<aure. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING. Bartlett Springs.
Lake County, Cal.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 31S Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOfSE; lease 4 years to run;
rent $50, See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
BEFORE you buy or »ell. call and se« me.
F. BERG. 31S Kearny st. % .
FOR sale — News and stationery store; well lo-
cated: long established and doing good busi-
ness. For particulars address K. F. FRIEND
429 K «5t., Sacramento, Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale In a busy town near
San Francisco; will *eat . 50 peojJle; with
room» above furnished; rent for whole place
$70. will sell for $1700. Box 9S9. Call office.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of eickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. E. F.. Newe Co.. 312 Geary st.
FOR sale — A country newspaper In ' lively
town; paper in 17th volume; will be sold
cheap on account of 111 health of publisher.
Aprly Call office.
CIOAR stands— $150 to $2000; all parts city;
40 to select from; free list. HEDGES, 603
Parrott building. P25 Market st.
STATIONERY, candy, bakery, delicacy, gro-
cery Mores; 1M to select from; free list.
HEDGES, 500 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market *L
$450 — PARTNER In honest business; will pay
you $100 per mo. with your services; short
hours: investigate. 1130 Market St.; office 2.
1 A CHANCE In each State to engage in manu-
facturing a patent needed In every f*mily;
no competition. Address box 003. Call office.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 daily; ele-
pant , fixtures: fine location; trial given; In-
vestlga*-. ' B3S Eddy st.
FOR "SALE — A good paying restaurant; come
promptly; must be told; at a bargain. 1CJ7
Deviradero St., near Sutter.
MEAT market : one of the best, both for loca-
tion and trade; everythln* complete; price
ST.'-O; cor. Fifteenth and Sanchez.
WANTED — Good carpenter to go in business;
Food chance .for good man. Call 27B Hart-
ford _t. '
$1.VM» — CASH or security: established grocery
ar«d Iitjnors: no opposition. ltffKJ Post »t.
GROCERY and liquor store must be sold on
account of sickness. J061 Howard st.
SALOONS, roadhouses; -all prices; " free list
HEDGES. MB Parrott bldg.. 825 Market st.
FOR «ale — 2-chair barber shon and 2 house-
UeeMnjr rooms turnished. Inquire Call office.
BAKERY for eale; 0 years' lease. Apply 1550
Church tX. V
RESTAURANT for sale lrt Richmond district.
Address box 1030. Call. Office.
CHOP houfc for sale; good location. Box
K*vJ. Call office.
WANTED— Saloon. MIS Market St.. room 2.
WANTED — Restaurant ' 111S Market St.,
room 2.
FOR SALE: — Partnership Interest In a S. F.
• law firm. ¦ Address box „ S55. ' Call orflce.
CANDY and pastry Etore;"i3 , finely furnished
rooms: Us stock; bargain. C25 Taylor it.--
TOE|jlfCAIJj
JOliS i). SPRECKELS "jffi: Proprietor
Address Ccunnunications to
W . Ji. >L\ni^y_^.. Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL Tr.e Operator Will Con-
atct You W::a ihe Department Yoj WHO.
Publication O:iice Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial j;oca;» '.'17 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered bjr Carrier?. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Clt. Per MuMh. Single Copies o Cts.
Tcrnifc ly Mail. Including Postage iCash With
Order; :
DAILY CALL <irclud. Sunday). 1 year... $*¦<*>
I1A1LY CALL unclud. Sundjy). « mos... 4-00
DAILY CALI^-1'.y single Month J»0
fVMUT CALL. I Y«-ar - ¦''<>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 103
FOREIGN I Dally... $S.SO Per Year Extra
p", T ,.J \ fcuuday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOfcTACi.. |x\>ek'y. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO KKCEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will Le forwarded when re-
aaested.
Mall *ub?crSber* in rrderint change of_ «i-
Cret* khould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD AIOUESS in order to Insure a
rrcrrpt a:;d correct cctEiiliance with thetr re-
Sitest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C16 Broadway Teiephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£I« Center 6:re«-t Telcphoae North «7
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
tAMLEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOP.K NEWS FTANDS:
WeljJerf-Astrrla Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
t*r.!cn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hctel and lieff.-san Hcuae.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhenr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hot*!. Trcacnt House: Auditorium
Hctel; Faln-.tr Hous-e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEO8GE KROGNEKS. Marquette Building.
tLorjr Dittar.ee Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATI\"E:
ETEI'HEN EL £M1TH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TOTtK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAI'.LTON Herald Squar*
Bf FIXES? OFFICE of the San Fmncl*co Call.
ccrner Market and Third Ftreets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOT'S MarVet street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 p. m.
t:~ McntpcT.ery itreet. corner Clay: cpen until
9 :S'> p. m.
S^"' Hayes street; npen until J»:30 p. m.
«-.'i!) WeAllis-ter ftrttt: cpen untii 9:30 p. m.
6i;> Larkin s-treet; op^n until 9:30 p. m.
!941 Mission Ettoet; open until 10 p. m.
10l> Elrrestk ttimels open until 9 p. m.
JGO<; Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncriheatt ocmer Church' and Duncan «tre«U;
•Ten nr.:;! i» p. m.
Z2<yi F:;in:ore street: open nntll 9 p. m.
MEZTIHXr KOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodte No. 41. F. and m
A M— Stated mpctf.ic THIS (WED-<j/V
KESOAT) CVE2CIKO at 8 o'clock.
THKODOHE FBOLICH. Secretary-
CBOCKETT Locre No. inr». F. and ,»
A. M.— Stated meetlrg THIS «\VED- ¦mj\f
XE.-DAY) EVKNIXG at 8 o'clock. By
frd^r of the W. M. *T;.v
R. H. M. PHER5ON, Becrftan*.
EXCd^EXOn Lodse N". l';<<. F. and Q
A. M- Statf.l raeetinc THIS (WED- <%#V
XESOAV/ KX'LNING at 7::iu o'clock. S^\
H. J. owen. Secretary. •
FARN?\VOR1H Ivodc- No. OS,
I. O. O F— T!.!rd -Jtgrf-e THIS
tWFJJXESDAY) NIGHT. Sep- "^^M<^
t^ir.hc-r 7, at e> o'clock sharp. ''"¦XZ^
Wfl'-oir.' Hall. Visitins and sojourning
bratbere w<I_o:r.e.
J'R. J. C. NEWTON N. G.
' G. A. r.L'RMAX. It. S.
U<T.^; : Lcdee No. SSI. I. O. O. F.
• 1 THIS iWEDNESDAY)^^S|^fe
ir.'ENING, . ;:•-•:,} -. r T- Tliree^SjBHge?
(Endidat-fs. Visitors rrrdially in- '¦"t?>S?<* : "
viT,3 G. F. MfVANTS, N. G.
C BRIND, Reccrdini Secretary.
V.VITY IvjJc«" No. Cl. Knichts of
Pytlvas. will ronf-r the Pace Kank *£¦$£&,*
on THU3EDAT EVENING. Septem* *K%&
*<*>r *".L-hth <Sth). at Rfdmen's Hall. £??*>£
22<" Golden Gat* avp. All brother Jr -^^ s *-
Kr.ijritj «r° cordially Invited. By order of
K. B. KJMRELL. C. C.
P N. GATES. K. of n. and S.
National tr.:on caiifcr- rfrmTri ¦
r'.» Council, metts TO- '\'$g*- a '**'i ¦ JjL
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. <.¦*'.. VT^^
Fcurth ft., at 8 o'clock. "N.
fr^en-is cordi«Ily Invited; Initiation.
I3y cr<5cr C. BENDEL. President.
C. H VAN OF.DEX, Secretary.
AUSTRIAN n<-n«-vclent Society— Hfg- Vr>S l !»j
ul«r Quarterly Yr.e^ting at th«»;r tiall. QdfSr&i
4i:{ Batter «.. on WEDNESDAY Cw.'Spr
K\EN*:XG. Se;>t. 7. 10<M. at 7:30 "Trf 13
o'clock ?hari>: eppropriatlnns and donations
and other very important business. By or-
der of J. W. STANEAKT. Pres.
D* WITT 'n'. TOLL. Rec. Seo.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
c«s from 5Jik«» rorcoran P!acrr Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Star minp. near Dutch Flat.
Placer Oour.tj-. Cal.. draining into the Little
Bear Rivpr. which reaches Feather River,
Fives noli''* th.nt a meeting to receive any
jTOteFis wl!I t>» held at room !>«. Flool bufld-
:r.f. Pan Francisvc. Cal.. Sppternber 19 1904
ct 1 :.*V> r. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
<~s!l. 16 rage^. eent to any address In th«
T'n;ted States or Canada one year for II.
r"'*tar* raid.
¦R. TT. KING. Amm^y-at-Law. Exam. bldg.
Cth floor: entrance room <11; established 13
years; all cafj. general court and office
practice; no lee in advance or for consuitt-
V.rm: evenings by arpcintment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free c-n all logal xnatters; divorces 3
• pfcialtj-; piivate. quick: no pay In advance;
rr.:nir.g corrpsntts organized :patents obtained
G V. HOWE. 1122 Market *t.:«-stab. 22 yr»!
ADVICE free: divorce corte $12; Quick, quiet;
ell law buflnes*; no charge unless euccess-
tul; cpen evenings. f»27 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS. attachrn«nta[ mechanic' »
lieiw. probate, trnsm* ejected. Attorney, 632'
fctsrkrt et.. rcrn 23.
EIVor.CE— Costs. $12; quick, c.ulet: advice
iree; a!! l»w business; ro charge unless suc-
cetful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE fne*>; divorce cost* $12; no fees or
eottr In adtar.ee; o!l law burtnete; ofMce
Saturday fvenir.es. S19 Mark*-*, st.. 1 r.33.
L. s CLARK. "C7 Market, r. 304: consultation
free; no fefs In r.dvanre; open evenings.
PATENTS obtain*''.: information furnished for
f*l» cf patent* SONNTAG Agency. 214 Pina.
Cei-jrr.b:an L»w ft Ollectlon Agency, r. S5. 016
y.c-kf.: tci.J.-hn '^26: solicits your burtness.
'M ATJTO11OBII.E5.
BAMBLER 8uto for fale. $10.*^; flrsNclass '
w.W.on. A^^r^sy box 1101. Call office. j
ASTDn^A_Cjr2lE.
TI NGLAF Asthfha Remedy relieves instant^
ly: inc. 2Jc. tOc. 1602 Market. S:. Nicholas-
*\f-o W if hart. IOtq ar.d V.'ashingtoi.. Oakland.
BIRDS, DOGS. STC.
HARTZ Mour;isin ranarics Jt Afriran gray rar
rots. ;urt r^e:v<d. A. <:. Koh^on. Kearny*
BOOKS
ECKOC'I^ ttcohf. dd and new. bought Tna"«5a
DALY ft CLT.KAN. SX7 Geary st.
- Busiir^ss CHAKCES. " " i
$2C"f>— r.U'.rcKH in WwJ^Sie'and titan vreod I
and <<;A liusipcss In most vrorj^rous inte- f
ri'-.r city: , horses, wagon* and all imnrove-
tnfntt-;- orrxr Ilierc tor yrarr- lar~e "trarto
OAKLAND BUSINESS AGENCY 110S \Veh
n>r?',. cjr. Twelfth. Oakland.
i 1 2DC— RE.- TA URA XT anj" oyster house- one
«f the best «t-roc)= the liay; most CcFtrable
' rlsrs cf cuttoia; o«-nfr rcm;j?Il/-d to sell ar*
<xmnt of !>*><ng c»r:r>:o>f-d in other business-
Cf-ruiw offer; Ixet in ..-> line to-dav. Ai>»iv
!J»v Uehrter ttt.. Oakland. "
ATTENTION— If ; O u wj.sh to di*.>-*» of your
i«Ftaurant. «locn. sroc-cry or hotel, call on
cr. Vii:: OAKLAND R. j;. ,\SSi UUSIXISSH
.»«Jl-..\Ci. i:t-s Writer, rcr. 3rih. Oakland.
97^-r:ol :.\-THY hot-rl :,r.J l,ar; K *kxJ lcna-
U'.n for riclit rna-.i; nic.« fcnilturc; r-J'-asant
? limate; near car Iin.-: luaviiy traveled
cowmy road. OAKLAND REAL HSTAT1-"
AND BUSINESS AGENCY. IKS Webster sU
Oakland.
116 »«»'«««« route. Address aT
BCHEOEDEB^ 1*3 Pacific are.. Baau Cruz.
FT^-P/MI^l£GEH'S^yfWVF^
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAI.E — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels,
Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale.
(Special No. 85.)
HANDSOME apartmen* house, 85 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only $450;
long lease; over $10 per day clear proflt:
for sale at a great bargain exclusively by
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 16)
ONE thousand dollars leas than Its value will
take a nicely furnished 16-room house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $76 per month See
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 9) •
ONLY $150 cash and $350 in payments buys a
well-furnished 9-room house, on sunny side,
north of Market; Income $7:5 50 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post St.; rent
$45; all sunny; good yard: cheap.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 14)
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only $57 rent: modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooms: splendid lo-
cation. This week everything for $S5O
MARION GRIFFIN.
' .
(Special) Transient.
TRANSIENT houne. grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; 10
rooms. Particulars only with
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 17)
HANDSOMELY turnished; highly respectable;
quiet and homelike; 17 rooms; reasonabla
rent: low price; clears $65 to $75 a month
the year round. Very desirable house. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Sjpectal No. 30) ~ ~
PARTLY furnisritd; 30 rooms: 19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished: $130 rent, with
lease; owner must sell; Jli.irt buys it
•MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 27)
TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
lease; clears $200 a month.
-^ ...'¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
. (Special No. 31) — —
NEW and modern: 31 rooms; clearing'$125- all
permanent roomers: reduced from $1000 to
$2SC0. If you want something nice let us
show you this. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 66)
CHOICE location;. 66 rooms; rent lese than $5
a room for the building; lease: oak and ma-
horany- turniture: body Brussels and velvet
carpets. A very dependable house and a big
money maker. " MARION GRIFFIN.
1 Special yjo. 10)-
SWELL corner house, nr. Van Ness: 19 rooms,
•large, sunny and beautifully furnished: grand
neighborhood.; Se« this high-class house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
! 5C0C0— APARTMENT and lodcrrn* house, V,C,
room*.'- modern house; full:-le,ase '2Vj years;
furniture flrat-clas* and In best condition;
terms to suit; this Is a . bargain, as the
--. »-.'vf<; cost $U\C0O to furnish a short time
• ¦ aso. 1. ¦
%\%..:~ House of ,SS roums; ¦ furniture in (rood
-condition: arranged for light housekeeping;
cltaring $30 to $100 monthvlear profit.
" SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.
' 1312 < Market st. . .
Rooms 41S-41O.. ,, Tel. 'Folsom 31CS.
27 ROOMS; housekeeping: rent $13 $1200
Ct> ' rooms; rf nt $Sfio coot)
s rooms; nicely furnished: with piano. r.75
,30 rooms; attractively furnlehed ..... S0.OW
is rooms; new and elegantly, furnished 3C0O
¦ ::S' rooms: rent $03 '.';"*. ..:'... 800
30 rooms: rent $1C5 r. . isoo
25 rooms; rent $60 ........ f U0O
MERCHANTSV_AGENCY. lOOSVj _Market at.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms. > welTTur^
nl8hed..at 143 Sixth at. CalM to 6 p. m. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cail
16 Dasres.'in wrapper, tor r» a 'Hpr. |1 str'ytvl
CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy *t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of buaiess chances.
FOR nale — Well furnished r>-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing: also for winter ehootlng and
fishing: completely furnished and equipped
for hounekeeping; automatic generators for
making own cas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly; new and modern: accommodate 12
people over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to eo East; make offer. CAMERON
6 CO.; 3 Eddy st. - .
FOR sale— Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill ulant; best coast city in Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population; Bold as whole
or separately; fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive, interests
elsewhere only reason for Belling: books open
for Inspection. For particulars see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. '-
FOR sale or trad<* — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
! located tn Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many other attractions: rent $50 per month:
4 years' lease; BubleU for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200; for further particulars see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store:
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more than
price , asked; big snap at $1000: sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale— Best little restaurant in city; down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; own-
er ha» other Interests and can't devote his
tlm« to it: snap; $500. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate.
roorolng-houseR and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market «t., opposite Fifth.
Op*n until 11 p. m.
r-OPGINGr-HOUSES rOB SAI.E.
H. C. DECKER .Phone John 531
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
' His success In celling houses, over 28 years
In San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees titles and sells the
bargains to^hls customers. % See him.
11 rooms: Ma9on; new furniture ........$ 300
CO rooms; Market st.; only 2500
S rooms: McAllister st. : tlat ,..; 450
«l rooms; to trade for smalt house ...... 2500
25 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100... 1500
15 rooms; Ellis et.; new furniture 900
« rooms; rent $10; a nice little home... 200
45 rooms; boarding-house; fine corner.... 2500
'M rooms; downtown; reduced to ....;.... lioo
a rooms; fine piano; on. Sutter 6t.. ...... 400
¦ Decker's Special Bargains- Not Advertised.
C to 400 rooms; prices $50 to $i0,000. |
7 rooms;. modern flat; rent $35 450
10 rooms; (;<-«•>¦ *t: sunny. elde: only.. ; .. 500
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. OOG Mar£et st.. cor.' Stockton.
TO let—^ new modern- houses; unfur.: rent
$5 per'r. ; central; also fur. houses and flats
'for salr: genuine bargains: nothing mis-
represented at our office. -SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk et. I'hone Mint 741."
........... . .MITCHELL &. CO. ... ;'.... .
, 1206 Market St....... .....K Phone Jessie 29S1.'
Rooming and apartment ¦ houses, , hotels and
• flats eold suit purchasers; .• titles guaranteed
........... .aurcmru. a' cu... ....,;;....
J^ODWN^^OJTSE^JPOB^AIjEj^^Ccn^
A— OXMERON &. CO., • l'hone South 1U0U.
3 Eddy gt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances. ¦
108 rooms; rent only $5 CO per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance ot
lifetime to get nt .-it-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body ot people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
| 26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome proflt on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
nrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now jf-JOu per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 ptr month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room . modern flat close In, well furnished;
cost $ttO0; a bargain' if sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
'2 city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing nm-class condition; will trade for, Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good
furniture and carpets; clears $ICO per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well ' furnished;
clearing $500 to $U00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, -modern building: elegantly
nirnlshed; close in; full first-class people;,
clearing a handsome profit; fine- opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $14."; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; tln» proposition;
Eood lease. '
6-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central lo-
cation: party suddenly called East.
DO-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most el?gantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
¦45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and sood running order: clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly lurnlshed and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying 550O to $s00 per month:
close In: full of nice people: bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 5-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free:' oak
i furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
5; price. $400. .. ¦ * : .
75 rooms; grand new building:- elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum: departure.
f 23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
! OV T all "f« n ses; most elegantly furnished and ,
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
, for full particulars; only with us.
1C> rooms; rent $G5;' good furniture and car-"
pets; always fjill; must sell within next ten
days; leavlns city; make offer.
.14 nroms: cheap rent; thorcughly renovated:
all In fine shape; fine little^ aparVnent-house;
clears $150; reduced i to$2S00.
.Large list of realestate. roomins-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
¦*¦ . "CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. , :
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 25 rooms; r down-''
.town; .aJU full -,i clears $S0-per month; rent
WMt ; Add«*g box; 1100. Call office. . ,
CARPET BEATIlIGAiroCMAHlira^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Trocess useu
for cloning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Po., SOS Market St.:
phones Main 152 and E_sh 479.
WHEX*you become dlssrusted with your work
send for SPAt'LDING'S Ptoneer Carpet-beat-
Ing woiks. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN* Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S(» Har-
rison St.; Al cleanine. 2c. FRED HAGE-
DORJ? & CO.; phone Mission 225.
' MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning- 3c yard. Tel. Mission "4.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
3#5 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 120.
HOPKK BRO*. ; excell«nt carpet beatlnff: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;t»l. South 21U.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-Watin? wor\?: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.:tel. Mission 263.
CHIBOPODISTS;
CORNS, bunions, ingrowing nails removed;
painless. DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market st.
CO11ECTIOWJOPPICESL
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific- Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main C&SO.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; ccouring and
dyeing. 13on Marche. Examiner bld£., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yra.; crown. $:5 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all wftrk rainless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILI A 144?. Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charse for extracting wh»n plates are
made: o!d l'lates made over like new; te»th
from ?3 per set: extracting nOc; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1005 llarkct st.. room 203; all flrst-
flass dentistry at low prices. "
PARIS ' Dental Parlors, 2^o Kearrfy. ccr Bush
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns. ?2 up; filiinga.ZSc.
COLD filling.*. ~~ic; silver. 35c: crowns $2- no
pain:op?n Sunday^. Dr.A.C. Hewitt. 204 Sutter
DR. H. L. \V,>LSH has moved from S17 Geary
ft. to 5Srt Geary."
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r. 14.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. Sd: Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL .work guaranteed by the New York den-
ti=t*. Dr. Pprklny. Mgr.. t)(;n Mission.cor.6th.
BRESSaiAXEBS A2TD S^AKSTKESSES
McDOWELL DreF5mak!nB & Millinery School—
I attorns tut to measure: eve, class :1019 Mkt.
Aforrt.'on. sunburst and kr.lfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art s huttcn & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
. EDTTCATIONAl^ ~~~
A BIGGER cchcol than ever. On June. 1 we
moved to new nrepi^Kf bulldins. 7a» Mission
»t., : -between Thirtl iniil Fourth: more cpace;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come ar.d-«°*. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— The LYCEUM,' an accredited preparatory
• echool for university, law nr.d medical coi-
. leges;, refs. President. Jordan or any Stanford
. pro.ftssor; day, evening Msslon». Phelan bldjc.
A— The PauI^Orrson School of- Acting gives
more performances and securea more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
• Fchools; special summer course. 41) Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
• ket.. gurantee* positions to graduates- Pit.
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $a" mo.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus.- Col.,- «02 Van Ne«»
. *vt. ; posJUoaa #ecurcd. n. U. Webster.' Pre«.
I "Perfumes Made Where the Flowers Grow." |
I Free to Want* Advertisers in Next* Sunday V Call I
j| A BOTTLE OF PAUL RIEGER'S j
I ¦ • • pi
I We have the following odors: fz$i& I
§ Iffiis Vinfp-r M/inr/tnita " - Wm |
Q ' I__^__eL *V/*^/l_> , iT&illli.'UlsllQ jKH! /
I ¦ Palo A!to Pink Heliotrope ' I
I j^^^i Lavender , Pasadena R.ose _ nWM §
I Lilac California Clover §
1 K e^!l Peau d'Esoagne l l^i i
$¦ JWS^^L ne of e S reatest enterprises in California is that* y^P^l^lUL 1
§ y^n<m^^k. of Paul RJe S er » the Perfumer, whose goods are ; sold in yj^iiw^^^^ «
|- . _JgL_-^^b-^ almost, every town in the United States. 15,000 drug- C^^^ -- Z- I
I -^^^^^^^^_M| gists sell them, but they are free to you if you bring us B^^Sg^i-lj^^^g |
| 11 f^;j^^°jR The bottle we give FREE retails for 40 cents. H jp'^^lP i
§ 111 ff^^. h^- In addition, a special coupon will accompany each bottle, w^~^ hPI $
v MM ft violiet X\W. which, under conditions named in it, will entitle you, ||| IL PAL^ LT0 MW i
0 Mk EsJL «*, nuuetsoxew. upon reiurniiig il» io ram ivieger ot \-o., io a 6jc Duiiie n|ffi Bi. j.-.-^^ociu 4«§9 P
| §1 Oi their newest * perfume, "SWEET MARGERY." [f| ?
1 MmM^^^^^M - Want Ads received Thursday, Friday pkp^^^^^l' I
o 'l^^m^S^^M) ™ d% Saturday for The Sunday Call. ijL^^Mw^Sfe^ : : ;
O W^—T?-! "IT ** ¦ . * ¦¦ i';; • ,,. -¦ ~"< Tl ' "^
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE/THIRD and MARKET STS. 1
I ' OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY §
O! » — ¦ ¦ , '¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . , ' ¦ O.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1904.
11
I I. ATTACHES rOS EI3E. [
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO . foot of ciay
st.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush &J4.
J. Michaflta Launch Co.. Unloc-st. Wharf: bcat-
Irc A excnrslcns. 5 Steuart st.:tel.John 2B8&
MATaiaio^iAi;.
A YOUNG German ot" some means wishes to
eorre«pr,r.d with younff lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1H4. Call office.
1IATTBESSES AND PII.I.0WS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehvde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone South 218.
MBPICAI..
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years" experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write, i OR. WHITE,
7C2 Market Et., rcoms 7 and 6.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, ccnflde in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My tlsie ia devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm t* 1 * c^Iy GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
. H. WESTQN. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female,
complaints and irregularities; iaMant relief
. guaranteed: 30 years' experience. E2C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«H
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10OS& Market «.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
la trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; t»ie ruost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth st.. room 9, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor &
eteam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mr*. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
or'ginal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 51 IA Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Cleary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kurr.rour.d; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Xearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., ccrcer
26th: ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
SUITES AITP MHTTJTQ.
EQUIPPED mines and good prospects; reports
suaranteed; claims In Tonopah district.
Nevada: buyers Investigate. . S. C. TRAY-
NER^ 4 Sutter st.
MISCEI.I.A2fi:0US — FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, ehafting. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented acd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 BeaJe st.
BOILERS, engiae-i. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH h WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St..
FCR sale — New and second-band billiard and
pool .tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER, C32 Mission st.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?,
Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
reeds no painting or cuatlng; good over old
Iron, tin or shineles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71J Market st
SAFES and DESKS — As -we are going to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
I ARDEON BROS.. 1316 Market st...
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, eu-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, snafting. pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. CSREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery »t.. room 12, upstairs.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rectal parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs. .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
chars?'. II 3d St.. Exam. bid. ; catalog fres.
250 MATED homer pigeons. $2 50 dos. C.
FLOYD, 421 Market st. .
FOR sale— Household furniture. \ 1S21 Wooisey
•-«,; Lorin; Berkeley. • . r ~-~:\ _
FINE grraphaphone, 72 cylinder records; cheap.
Call 532 Castro, forenoon or after 4 p. m.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt.
FOR sale — Fine large safe, with steel vault;
almost new. Inquire 354 Hayes st.
A 21 6- EGG Petaluma incubator for sal* cheap:
good as new. . 129 Andover ave.
*BRICK for sale cheap. Apply Dynamite Bat-
tery, Presldlc.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with Yi diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
RCOUS papered; $4 * up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31'J Third ;tel.Main 413.
DESKS bought, told and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission St.; tel. South 311.
BEAUTIFUL I-karat diamond ring $30; worth
$100. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DK.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021*i Market st.
SAFE3 and ca'*h registers, new and ze~onil-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. RECK &. CO.. 122 Mk.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HEP-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a'l tiles. J. E. DOAK.. 46 Fremont »t
i msCT^^AKxoTra wakts.
KIO prices paid for old gold, seainkins. dla-
rnenrib. cents' full dress suits, etc.: eend
pottal card. LICHTENSTEIN BUGS.. 25
Stotkton st.
TALKING machines, cuitars. etc.; easy pay-
ments; month's piano rent free. BRUENN.
225 Gutter st.
WHAT will you jive in exchange for a kail-
graph typewriter in perfect condition? Box
1104. Call offica.
BIG* prices for good ladies' or gents' cast off
clothing. 022 Folsom st.; tel. Folsom 3522.
WANTED — f' chair combination barber cutfif
cash. MOLEn..C35 Clay st.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gent's casteff cloth-
Irg. etc. Tel. Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc 922 Polsom St.: tel. Fol. 3522.
TILTON* wim» gecd second-hand ctflUiin»c and
' theatrWl goody. 1-Vt Oth ft.: tet. *i»«ije 2S3I;
v.£] MOSEy^ojrjOAjr^^ • r. :
AAA— HERMAN MURpnV7
tSOl-mtt-tiOa Examiner building. '
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenees by dealing directly.
Eetate. second mortgages, undivided later- '
esU; assignments of rents: property In trust.
etc; legacies, Ufa estates and undivided la-
. teresti" Jn property purchased. '
. . Courtecua treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. !
WILL IX>AS
'¦ A reasonable amount oa
1st. -d cr 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
; or, country.
Low rate of iterest.
Give full oartlculars
of property cr chattels..
Location, etc. '
¦''¦:;¦' :¦ Box 490. Call office.
I
PRIVATE— Money loaned oa salaries without > 1
security; diamonds or chattels; no. fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cat Loan Co.. C28 Parrott bdg •
SALARY LOANS— '
1 Money loaned salaried people without secur- .
Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or ¦
- any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get tennsL Drake, 453 Parrott bldg. >
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate; '
1st or 2nd mortsrages cr on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 56.
HIGHLY . lespectable private place ia :obtaia
. - liberal advances * on diamonds. Jewelry, - at ; 2
ptr ¦ cent " Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Storv I
l>4t; Market; tel. Main 16*4. Branch IB Third. J
MOKE Y loaned to salaried people."' retail > mer-
' chants,'.' teamsters, boarding-houses, without
I security; easy payments ; large business tn 4«
principal cities. Tolmaa. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. " 807 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you sev '
- ua. Hutton Credit Co.. 800 Mutual Banx aldi.;*
I HELP WjAyrTZD— M-^M^ConMaqed^
AT C R. HANSEN & Cp.'S EMP. OFFICE.
42S# Bush st «42 Clay st.
10 houie carpenters, country, $3 50 day; free
fare; long job; free fare.
10 scraper teamsters, free fare, $1 25 day and
found.
Teamsters, laborers; Nevada, $2 50 day.
Teamsters, southern California, $2.
Extra and steady cooks, waiters, bell 'and
elevator boys and kitchen hands $2 to $5
J day, 515 to J5O a month.
•C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE;
4'JODush st '. 642 Clay st.
WANTED — An experienced -wrapper JOE
HOSUNUERG. SIC 5!ark«t et.
WAKTED — First-class uh'.on barber 5 Lar-
kia ft.
GOOD steady barber wanted. C23 Clay' st.
BARBER — WcuueeUay evening, Saturday and
Sunday; brins tools. 411 Devisadero st.
2 BARBERS wanted. 131 Third Et.
BARBERS — First-class barber wanted; steady.
427 Taylor st., corner Geary.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, September 7,
at 44 O'Farrell st.'
WANTED— Barber for Thursday, Friday. Sat-
urday and Sunday. 505 14th St., Oakland.
A PRESSER wanted. Apply 516 Market St.
BROWN BROS. & CO.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. 877 Sutter
- st., near Lcavenworth.
SOBER man to tally and pile lumber and work
In mill. CIS Third Et., San Francisco.
WANTED— A cook and luach waiter. 620
' Davis st. ,
WANTED — One day cashier and one elevator
boy. t -9 Stockton st.
TI^REE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; $150. 428
, Sixth st.
2-CHAIR barber-shop; good location, on Six-
teenth *t. ; 4 living rooms. 3138 Sixteenth st.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop at a sacrifice; don't
miss it. 100» Valencia at.
$150— BARBER-SHOP for sale; 3 chairs; rent
$12; 3 living rooms. 42S Sixth 6t.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed free.
Moier System College, OS Clay st.
WANTED — At Independent Agency, 612 Mer-
chant St.. buggy washer. $75 per month, call
before 10 a. m. : laborers, city. $2 25 and
$2 50; cooks, waiters and others.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
. les, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to roister with us free of charge. HOKD
& SMITH. 05 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED--Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Eros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 1973-5
Hasten ave.. St. Louis, Mo.
WAITED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving p/rticulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hcuse proprietor, has '
added 100 new room* to the Denver Hoiise, <
217 Third st.: 2.TO rocras: 25e to 50c per nlgrht.
WANTED — Goou. n»at barber; must bo first-
c!a53. r.o other need app-:y: $ie to etart with.
Address GRANT PERSXN'g, St. Helena.
MKX and wemen, learn the barber trade;
xvaires [aid while learning. HAIGHT'S. 647
Commercial st.
BOYS of varlcus ages fcr stock, cash and ,
wrapper*. Apply Superintendent's office. The
Eror'orium.
Contractors and emplayers of labor throughout
the State to communicate with ] Independent
Employment Ajrency. 612 Merchant St.. S. F.
TRY our men's shoes, onion made; $1 & $1 50
pair: fr>ot-torm shoes. $2 50: we pay expr*ss
charger. 11 3d »t..- Exm.- bldriopen till 9 p. m.
WANTED — A clear-headed, active boy: whole-
sale house; permanent. 1 Box 013, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced male stenographer;
state age. previous employers. Box 039. Call.
BAUBER shop' tor sale; $75. Inquire this
office.
WANTED — First-claps barber. 1211 Market st.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade.
For particulars inquire 751 Mission st.
FCR sale — 2-cha!r barter shop and • 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wsnted at KJ7 3d St.. where fhoes are re-
palred by machinery :»» wed soles 10 mln.. 75c.
WANTED — Young rcan to learn barber trad*;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR debts collected;" suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. .12s llcntgy.;r. 413.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ehlpe. ILXLLBEKT. .'.17 tTackston St.
SAILORS and ordinary Feamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulIIs, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 3.V night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church st».
ALL sizes men'* shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Miss ton st.. b»t. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltlnir: 25e
; to Wf. .*KB MisMnn yt.. Vf. 1st and 2d at*.
I SOLICITORS.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $0 to $9 day. 1114
Washington St.. Oakland, r. .1, 10 to 12 a. m.
v.
FINE river bottom pacturag?; ffreen reed year
round; near Blaek Diamond. Contra Costa
County- Nucleus Stables. 1W Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Cheap; 10 fin» surreys, with or with-
out rubber tires. 150.'* 'Fclsom st.
FOR SALE— Top buggy, piano bcx. $50. Box
1100. Call office.
DRIVING horse for sale. 7 years old. Box
1020. Call office.
NEW an'l second-hanJ buggies wagons «ur-
rey«. W. WE RTSCH. 100 Gulden Gat° ave.
FOR sale — Saddle horse, binuk. Spanish broke.
C^r.lle. fine looker, at 5'SU Jessie st. .
AUCTION sale of horses, wajoas and harn?*g
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, furrey*. bujjries. wagon», har-
nes.«. work and driving fanrses. 15th- Valencia.
KCUSES TO LIT.
A — PRINTED list of houiws to'^eTT's^dTor'clr^
tular. G.H.UMBSEN* i CO.. ro Muntgomery.
TO let— Houa/s cf 10 rooms on California st.;
rent $40. Ir.«julre at N. \V. cor. Missloa
«nd Tenth. Cal. Kousew recking Co.
BUSH 1C23 — Upper part, of 'house; 5 rcoms,!
bath: rent $2«. Apply 1203 Bush «t. I
1 INVALID CEAIKS. '
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of |
Earr.es tricycle chair. '.'Pis Mkt.: tel.Park 775. j
T.OST AHP rOTJNP.
LOST— A ladles' hunting case jroli watch; the
name ; of SADIE V. GARNER engraved on
Inside back lid: also 12 letters of abov: name
on dial In place of usual numerals. Re-
turr to 627 Kmma Spreckels bjdg.; $10 re-
ward. • ¦
LOST — A passbook with UK Hlbernla Savings
and Loaa Society • of San Francisco In the
name ot ELIZABETH GROTH. No. 254-
1234. The "finder will please return Ito bank.
I LOST — All' cf our., competitors; reduction In
price* and quality of stock did 1L SUIBELXY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter sU phone Grant
197; 1204 Sutter St.; phone East 817.
LOST— In Mill Valley Sept. 5, cuffs with
. studded gold Buttons; suitable reward. 35
I California Market. .
LOST— A reoorter'a fire-badge. No. 170 on
., back. Return to Call office; reward.
i 'LOST— Lady* a Kola watch at beach. Return
to 511 Fell st. ¦ and . receive reward.
LOST — Bull terrfer doc: large white pup; ears
cut C04 Buchanan st. ; reward. •
LOST— Young ' blue Dane\ dog: cellar license
on; reward. 3371 Twenty-first st.
FOUND — Small , gold - breastpin. : Inquire "' 1362
1 1 ni 1 1 'iiisHMinifiiiiiiiiiiiMiiv -..%'
: ; ; ; _ — : _
J> '"; WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
- -. IS ; pages, la wrapper,* for maillag.' $1 per ; year
FIATS TO LST— rTJSTTISHZT).
DEVISADEP.O. 1C27. near Sutter— Modern
hari'lsemtly furnished flat of ~t sunny room*.
re?*i>t:on entrance and bath; lights free;
rerst. $32.
TO LET — Partly furn!*!:»-d mWd'.o fiat ef five
rconjs aad l>eih: rent reasonable. Appl*
'Saily bttween 1:30 a!;d 5 p. tn. 73 eo-Jth
I'arV.
FOE SALE — FETEITISXIEB.
NOE Hill n«r.- flat to let; present tenant will
»e!J furniture at bargain: -'no dialers. 1254
California st.
ELEGANTLY fttralshtd «-n*n» modern flat:
sbcu-ri irerr. tl to 1 daily. S24 Gcnry St.
FOIt ,a!< — Very rersonable: CuTSlSbed Cat cf 5
ranax. ."J2 Jrsslc st.. nt-ar Sixth. __
MeALXJSTEIi. l'UH— T:?^.-ar;t:y f-jrr.tslied 7-
•¦^ta flat. Ary!y n-ornlr.g^.
; rPgyiTTTBE TO B SAI.E.
FUUNIIURE. ytr.ves. bcuKbt. *ci<!. -rxchangerj.
Uarsfr. 4::y Va.l?r.ria.ar.l ( ;tft.T»:i. Church rWV.
H. MEYER & CO. pay blcnca: yrice for fur.
n.ture. carpets. »t?. "it! Mi«;on:teLBush SslJ.
A roUtCra bed *S: top xr.attregg.rs. *2 50.
ANT/KP-SON'S. 19 Turk St.. Jun off Market.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 d^wn. $1 50
r-*r wn-k. T.'Drlilianf s Fur. Co.. .".40 Pc*t
rUBITITUKS WAITTED._J
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 76L
Don't *el! your furniture, tarpets, efflce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate,
HELP WAHTED-PEMALE.
3 COOKa, no wayhir.z. $40.
3 eock*. city and country. $35.
Ccok. h.itel. Shasta County, $40.
2 ecoks. Santa Clara County, $-5-?-'>5.
4 second girls, city. $2T>-$S0. "
Companion to iady. S25.
4 nursegirls. t'ty tnd country. $25-$CO.
4 c-ooks Tor ranch**, see parties here. $25-$."iO.
r cf^mbermaids ani seatr.rtrtsses, city. $^.
Kitchen helper for a 1-otne, $25.
• Woman to attend tathl-.ouse, $40.
{Close for rhilJreri'E tome, $1*/.
3 waitresses ;o so tocth. s-e party her: to-
<Jay. $25.
4 bcuseglrla. Berkeley. $25-$.".O.
Pastry cook, snr.sll delicatessen, sleep home,
$.10.
40 sr.-neral housework sirl?, city and eoun-
try. *2v-J-J5-$:«). Apply to J. F. CROSETT
i CO.. .134 Sutler St.
A COOK. $15: 2 second girl?. $oO each: cham-
btrmiaid an<l laundress. $25; 10 house^irls.
$30 each; and a number cf girl- for city and
country. MRS. NORTON. 50S Mason at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn talrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taurht from A to 2
!n 2 weeks: tuition $5 to th'j«e entering: row;
three rcsitlcns to fill iiE3i«Ilat»ly; positions
g*jaran:eed at $10 r*r week up: leading
school In W«s:. 233 Geary St.. rocm 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacnes halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc: give 6
hours' practice a day; add parlor practice to
Fchocling: secure positions: flay aad evening
classes; absolutely no connection with any
place en ccast. Csll 133 Powell st.
A — GIRL* to learn millinery now for fall wa-
scn; bcth seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15: icsitloris as trimmers,
ralesladjes.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
day tnd evening class. 143 Stockton st..r. 13.
EXPERIENCED OPERATOR? ON OVER-
. ALLS AND COTTONADE PANTS.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOL'GH
AND GROVE STS.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letter*
at home, evenings or spare time, ani return
to us: co mailing cr cRr.vasMrig. $9 weekly
rarsefi; materials free: iaclos? self-addre!»se*i
envelop* for particulars. Guarantee Co., \V4
Ninth «.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Two experienced salesladies for
cloaks, suits and costCmes: permanent posi-
tion? and gocd salary: must be first-class.
Apply - cloak (Jepanrnent. White Hotise.
NEAT, reliable rirl; Genr.an cr*f erred; a-«?lst
upstairs work and children: $15. 511 Cole
ft., near Haight. _
WANTED — A rirl for housework and assist
«l'.h rcokins: wages $20. Call In morning,
1104 ElMs st.
GIRL wanted ftr housework and cook'ag. 1542
McAllister st.
YOUNG girl assist in li^ht housthold work;
small family; no. cook, or wash. 1S-"5'j Sutter.
"WANTED — E3rpeii»nced skirt and alteration
hand*: apply Wednesday and Thursday
rr.'.rr.;-g> between 9 and 11 a. m. at Hall*
Bros*.
FINISHES on cloaks and suits: steady work:
good wages. L. MINK St CO.. 108 New
Montgomery St.
GIRLS and dres-rmakers to learn new Jcy sys-
tem dr*«5CUtUng. JOHNSTON, 131 Post,
room 2.
OPERATORS on closk« ar.d skirts wanted at
crce; good pay. M. SIMINOFF. 122S Market.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
«,*hute«. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
HELP WAITTED— KALE.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
613 Commercial St.. near Kearny.
Phcae Bu*h S33. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
•""arpenter. ralne, see boss her?. $00 fd.
Sunta Crux Co.. 5 laborer*, lumber co.. $1 50
to Jl 75 day and found: 5 lumber pilers, $W>
New Work — It'a Good — Special rate fara.
:2 '.abvrers. ship to-day. $2 25 to $2 50.
2 car !oa2ers. south, $*J7 50; 20 laborer*, pipe
line, $07 50 to $75; 3 sheep butchers, $S0; 50
tx-p pickers, half fare. We have the best
places, see us; b»st waeea going; machin-
ist's- helr*r, near city, $35 fd.; cook, mine.
boss here; S laborers on coast. $45 fd.; 5
iTtipptrt. woods on coast, $35 fd.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third st.. near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 403.
Gcremment work, Nevada; ship to-day;
cheap fare; fee $1.
25 tsarocters aad laborers. $2 50 day.
Checker, wholesale department. 115 week.
Tinner, all-araunu man. $4 day.
2 carr>er.ters, house, steady. $.1 50 day.
2 shiagler*. long Job. $1 per M.
2 teamsters, city. $2 25 a day.
2 men en hay balers. $2 50 day and board.
3 quarryrr.en, ?2 25 day.
3 Italian laborers, $2 25 day.
1 eIx- horse teamster, $2 day and beard.
3 carpenters, near city. $3 50 d.ay.
ROUGH carpenter, $2 50 to $3 day; young shoe
salffman for country. $tJ5; man about place.
$-T0 and fcund; coachman. $35 and found; 2
house palater»: harne** cleaner and washer;
•ingle hand miners, $3 day; laborers for
mine. $2 50 day; .". I>iir.btr pilers. $2 50 day; 2
laborers for wocda. $30 and board; laborers
fcr quarry. $2 day; fruit farmer and wife.
$50 and found: choreman. etock ranch. $25
and found: assistant gardener, $25 and
found; blacksmith's helper, $35 and found:
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CKOSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento st.
• AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agent*. 05 Third at.
Conn-Ms foreman, country, $4.
Grading fcrercan. $.1.
2 carpenter*. Solaco Connty, $3 60.
Walter, city. $30 and found.
Cook. city, tir.all restaurant, $30 and board.
Florist, city. $12 to $16... .
Apprentice, laundry, $15 and found; washing.
Grocery c>rk, near city $40.
Shtep tutefcers. city. ?S0.
Stablemen, city. $50 to $60.
Laborers, all over the State.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCY.
635 Washicgtoa; phone James 3301
S placer miners. 5S-1 5«; 2 Tvoodchoppers,
ea.za« place. $2 75 cord; 10 teamsters Chlco.
fare refunded. 30 days. $2 25 day. see bons
here: 1- laborer*. IJutte County, new work.
$C7 50: 15 tean;»ters. Butte County, n?w
wcrk, $C7 50: 5 house' rarpent'rs. S hour?
$5 50 day, lGe .'are; baker, mine Co.. $J5
and four.a: <Uih*rasber. mine. $25 and found.
Nevada — Ship to-night, teamsters and la-
tcrere. $T5. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
rar national employes* record co.
100 pi2 c <>" miners. ALiska; many Masons
will rr.ake up- party: $30 per day earned in
six xn*'<a from start; particulars at Ofact.
Dry gf«xls inaaager wanted; $150 per month;
Arizona: call at effice aad see list cf other
position* open. 1
rHE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
5C3 Hearst Buildlnff.
V— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Mcnuromery, r. 12 —
2 coioretl waiters. $:C: dlsliwashcr, $a3;
T.-a'.ter. $25; ttsward, $<5; bellbcy. $20.
Government porttionii — can at s25 Goiaea
Gate ave. roora 7. for Ire* inlorznatlca u
to pofttloss. salaries, age limits, etc.: day
. rr evenlrzs
rOUXG ra*n to sell a brand new conclave pic-
ture en street; can clear $6 a day. Call at
once. DOIaJE'S. 123 Grant ave.
;HO EMAKER oa repairing. 105 Second tt."
liOEMAKKlt waaUd. 6C9 Howard St..
[
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We Lead la Sales of Oc*an»ic'e Lots'. Why?
Choice st. Locations ! Lowest Prices! Mildest
Climate.
Lvn't Hias This Gold-s Oppportualty.
$5CO to $1200— Graded ready fcr building.
Splendid view cf ocrean from ever7 lot.
Notfciag lii- it in this city: All bargains!
Eksy terms!
j
$1CO to $3C0— N*ar park and oceaa; $3 monthly
OceaisMe branch office, corner H st. and
47th ave.; also corner 43th ave. boulevard aadl
K st. Open Sundays.'
$500 to $1200— Choicest Sunset lots; $10 mootaiy
$3tO to JIiTOG — Cheapest Richmond lots and!
n?ar Spreckels Lake aad park; oa Installment*.
$150 To ?K»0 — Level Exoelilor Homestead
lots; #5 monthly.
$100 to $4CC0— Modem cottages la Suaaet.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Homestead.
Low prices! Easy terms'
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
ONLY A PEA" LETT.
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO LNTSREST-
Cholcest lots la the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard- table: oa str*«c
grade; dec* to fine school; not far from th«
M!s«toa-st. electric cars: secure <ra« aa aa
lnvestmeat and by the time tt Is paid for it
wfll have doubled la value the way prtoa*
have advanced during tb* past year: toy
now before prices become problbttrr* la tats
rapidly growing section.
w. j. white:
W Moatgomery St.. r. 8. Phona Mata 3704.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California tarmlaus of tae Saata T»
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Is at
Richmond. Just acres* the bay frcm Saa Fraa-
cisco. Thesa corporations, with the Soutaera
Pacific Compaay. are speadiss millions of dol-
lars there, makiag it the great maaufacturtnc
city of the West. Make mcaev.
LOTS $3 PER MONTH.
Call or sead for fres macs.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Bldg.. S. F.
I 1 —
rJCCC— 2 FLATS. 4 & 5 r * b; 234 Day st.
92S0Q— 2 flats. 5 r & b; 221 Twenty-ssventa sL.
t $:>0O— New cottage. 5 r & b: Mission & China.
$2K0O— New cottage. 5 r & b. 4 S 29th St.
$27CO— Cottage. « r * b; 130 "West Park St.
$1100 — Cottage. 4 r * b; 240 Hearst ave.
$£00 — Cottage. 4 rooms; 3 lots: 714 MuaicH.
$13CO— Cottage. 4 r & b; 308 Munich st.
Send for our auction circular 3ept. 17.
D. COFFIN. Missloa St.. bet. 21«t & 22d-
CORNER, on O'Farrell st. : well la; Z fine Cats;
rents $170 per month; 30x110.
Pine -st.; Z elegant 3ats; pays Il'i per
cent; 26xlU7.
JOSEPH STRAUB. €00 Marfcet st.
HERE Is rour chance to get a 4. 3 or * room)
cottage on terms same as reat. Apply owner.
lun:ber yard. cor. Army and Coadon sU.
NEW Colonial houses: 2 flats. 5 rooms: re-
ception halU each: lot 34x03; $34u0; #asy
payments. B at. and Third ave.. near Park.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. let included.
any location, on $1 25 per week. M i: Ja t
Home Building Association. 427 Cross>y bid.
1 — — — — ¦
• ALL wcrk guaranteed first cla.w by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, nlureh-r*. <'^» Howard »t.
SEAL E3TATI- -COCTTBY — Tex Sala.
WHITE ic 11AYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCILXNGES.
$7 50 per acre; Best stcck ranch tn Hutnbcidt
County; on the slope cf the South Fork of th«
Eel River: 35TO acres grazing land: practically
a!l renced; good farmhouse; large bam: 10O
head rin« cattle: 1(JOO *h-?er: horses, and all
farming in:r>>cnent» at market crVes.
$35CO— 5 miles of Santa Rosa aad near sta-
tion; Russian River b'ttom; 25 acres; 5 acrea
vineyard; sew buildings; 5-rocm and batik cot-
tage; good barn; wir.draill anl tank: poultry
bouses; see this. «nd if ycu want only part of
. it will ¦»••;: unimproved portion at $1n> per
| acre; If you v.ar.j to raise c^ra that will mak*
{ the Kansas article "side step" see seise ef our
1 homes on the ltu.»3i&n Hiv«r.
I 9'JMO — - miles of Sonoma City: 10 acres level
I garden soli; SVj acres bearing vines; 1 acr»
: fruit; gocd dTr«!I!ng. tarn, poultry houses;
I horse. raj)3, carts, plow?, a sets harness.
I tocls. wi&e tress, tanks and casks: furniture;
fine crop.
$-S5oO — "(4 acres; modern, up to date hous«
and buildings: fenced and cress fenced: nearly
ail orchard: :'. miles of Watsoavllle.
*-".l:i>> — li> arres level sandy loam; gocd 4-
rccm house; ilaa barn; wiadmill and taak;
water piptd over ranch: 3 lar?e poultry housp»i;
Incubator. 2 brooders; farinir^ tools; cow; av
laying hens:. easy terms: near Pctaiursa.
$2u>0 — Half-mll<> cf Sebastupol: lu acres; t
acres timber: 4 acres orchard, balasea vine-
yard; houae. barn: un new electric road.
*-•<¦<• — Near Martinez: 123 acres hill Und; 73
sens sooCi plow land; well fenced; huuse. barn;
family orchard.
$3C90 — 25 acres rich sandy loam, near Hay-
wat*!?; roiMr.g; 4 acr»a vines; U orchard, all
tearing: ta'a.-.e-? hay: elegant 2-story res.d^nc*.
10 iv.n..«. bath: ea^y terms.
$235<j — U4 acres near Watscnville: 200 apples:
t; acres Baa potatoes: 2 acres timber: balanc*
grain: 5-room cottage; bara. outbuildings.
$ieoO — Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam:
a!i level: orchard; cozy cottage: cement cellar;
barn; windraill and tank; 5 poultry bouses; feed
rocm; 240 her..-. We handle all the choicest
property la this viciaity and wli; be pleased to
drive you around.
$050u — Near Santa Rosa; SCO acres: fenced 9
fields: 12 acres fine vineyard: 3 acres orchard;
8 Jersey cows; 2 horses; tools; wagons; new «•
rocm house; 2 barns; blacksmith shop. W*
have 130 places en our list near Santa Rosa.
See them.
ALFALFA LAND3.
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 8 acrea
up: »4 cash.
C5O per acre — 3 miles cf Modesto: 20 acrea
ur>: Ij cash.
$50 per acre— Near Lodi. on the Woodbridg*
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a large list cf completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Hmaboldt Co.:
20 acres BXfc
«25oy — Fine rummer resort la Sonoma, C0.1
sta.D station and P. O. on place: 141 acres
controlling lOGO-acre ranze; i* acres bearing
orchard: hay laad: good hcuse aad * wttaxes.
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; norsea;
farming Implements: see this qulcK.
5S50 — 3 miles of Geyserville; 2^ acres: ••
rcotn hocse. large barn. 2 good wells; rolliag.
all in vineyard; oak trees: fine poultry fana.
$1<XH) — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa: 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $UU0 down; Sac for
ruaiihouse.
$5000 — Finest stcck ranch in Southern Ore-
gon: S2O acres; 2 sets No. 1 Improvements: 10O
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard;
carries 100 to 200 head of stock; 3 horses;
tools; 40 teas hay; near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class fana
property and poultry farms.
$2730^ — Rolling land ; 160 acres, near Clayton;
SO acres plow land; house, bara. orchard; part
cash; ov»r ICO choice farms ia Contra Costa
Co. tc^offer you to select from.
$3750— Huffibotdt Co. rich bottom laad; 24
acres half mile of Portuaa: 1 acre orchard;
new 5-room house, barn, outbuildings.
$3 per acre — Flae stock ranch. 104O acres; 100
rich bottom laad. balance rolling: fenced and
crass-fenced: nice orchard: house; 2 larg* barns.
$1500 — I acres rich Russian River bottom
land: half mile of Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.;
shade trees; bouse, barn, outbuildings. W«
have at least 40 sxnall orchards and vineyards
to offer In this fine section, where the Quality
of the soil is unsurpassed aad farm mortgage*
are practically unknown.
$2300— At Hopland: 42 acres; 7 bearing via»-
yard; 8 hay and garden land; 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools; ICO laying heaa;
half cash.
$17C0— Only 0 mines of Saa Jose, eloaa to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling laad; 10 acres
bearing prunes aad cherries; good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses: 3 summer house*
for summer boarders: ruaaiag water; close to
school. Se« this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south ef Saa
Jose: 33 acres; 12 In full bearing 'orchard la
fine condition;- balance gently sloping 2ne hay
land; fine creek; 23 magnificent oak tree*; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fins Income. W«
have a choice list of sxnall homes la Santa
Clara - Co. : pleased to drive you around aad
' hOW thm - FOP. RENT.
$200 cash per year; 163 acres; 2 sUsm of
Grass Valley; good house ; nice cellar: t larg*
barns and stable: 60 acres fine bearing orchard ;
3 acres bearing vineyard: generally lev* I; farm-
ing Implements; 2 horses; 9 -Jersey cows; U
acre.* timber; generally level: party must fur-
nish bond: would sell for $20,000.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
sified printed list ca th* coa*t-
WH1TE & BAYI.ET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
2ft Montgomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
AT a sacrifice — AH cr any part of 43 acres;
cultivated level leam: adjoining Napa; only
$50 per acre; cash or terms: easily worta
,$10O. N. D. SICKELS, * Geary at.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargalas: monthly cata-
logues •ent free. C M. WOO3TEB CO..
6tS Market st. ¦
Continued oa Pace Twehra. .
j W ANTE^-^^^^rrmJ|lnno^
A— ML'KKAY & 11E.VUV, t^4 ar.d UJC Clay si.
Pboasj Main 0S1S.
Leading l-Zmplcj metit and Labor Agents..
We j-ixjJk ihf German,- French, Italian.
ScjUirMrijii-tan. Uretk, s-i^anlsli. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
iL"C'."J We Gave 1904 We Hope to
tO.CCO Men Wcrk. Increase OU.OOO
• MECHANICAL.
j 4 t^-ncii hands ;i:m::iiik mill. $u 50 fiay.
. VOHSSitAli, H.1KU TAULES. $.J day.
i Woodworker, pin* rurnitur*-, city, %Z day.
¦ 2 lirui'i maktra, fai-e ft. *l 2i» uer M.
I IS IRON MOLDEKS. ?
15 coopers, i»^iit and ,<flack work.
MUKRAY i: IttLVDY.
0J4-tK:>» Clay St.
TO SAWMILLS AXDWXiDS.\
PLANIXO .MILL;-. LOX KACTOHIKS, ETC.
SXXOKi) DONKEY MAN. ?«U ani found.
Donkey tureman, snl^o l-:ss, cut lirusri,
2Dvi fCUtld.
HEAD LINEMAN. «75.
no Kxi j ::itit:Ncs: wanted.
-5 labcren ic-r tomb«r cximpAny. fare $-, f^jO
ar.d fjunU.
05 iaborua; miiU yard; NORTH, $0U.
;i5 laboreis :cr -aoriis and camps, NORTH,
j HELP BUILD IT.
lu» latorem to cut brush away; help build
R. It. irom sawmill to wocda; fare ?•>; $tiO.
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men work in bot. factories,
*30 AND *;J5 FOUND, NORTH.
VZ woodchopters; tools, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
Mt'RHAY & READY,
> (34-630 Clay st.
MINES— MINES. »
12 machine miaere; gold vJUARTZ •. ..|00
IS chuck tenders; lose here $75 to SS2 5u
LOOK!
IS laborers or young men to learn mining,
to start. S.JO ancJfd.; gocd chance for YOU.
MURRAY & READY. t34 and 13«S Clay St.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIAN'S.
155 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MURRAY & RBADT, 034 and 03U Clay st.
LOS ANGELES.
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIS.
The Land of Sunshine. Fruit and Fiowsrs.
BV TRAIN, SANTA FE R. R.
J4 CO FARE. THAT'S ALL.
«W>5 two ar.J four horse teamsters. $CO.
MURRAY & READY.
034 and CM Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPTS.
Cock, 20 men. mine, $40 and found.
19 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches, etc., $30, $W, $50 to
$S0 and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 60, $35 found.
12 waiters, different city and country' Jobs.
IS DISHWASHERS. 0 PORTERS.
BEDMAKERS. BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers. 512; ironer. $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
*40. $30 and found.
Sausage maker. ?14; experienced bone hams,
*!*• MURRAY Sc READY.
. 634 and S36 Clay st.
FARMS — DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands. $2tt, $30, $35 found.
5 milkers, $3v. $33 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
IS chore boys ana men. *15. JfciO. ?25, $30 fd.
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN.
10 stablemen, city, country Jjde, $75. $U>,
$30 and found.
Boys, -icarn trades, tend stores, etc.
MURRAY & READY. UH-<>3«> Clay st.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildinca, fare
paid ?t 50 day.
GASOLINE ENGINEER— $12 WEEK.
4 plasterers, free fare both ways, $4 50 day.
4 rainters. $2 50 day. .
BAKERS.
Foreman baker. *25 and found.
3 bench hands, $17 a -week.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, ironer and starcher, fare $1. $2 50
day; marker and distributor, north, $1S wk.
Man to tend bar, take cash, hotel, etc., $U5
•ted four.J.
WAITERS. BARTENDERS.
Man run lunch counter, south, salcon. $10
week and found.
5 farmers anl -wives. $40. $50, $60 and fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
Woodturner, bench haril.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 hsrseshcers, floor and fire, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS, $S0.
Slaughter-house helper, rare $1, J.'55 found.
Knife man. pigs' feet shaver. $2 75 day.
MURRAY & HKADY. <K4 and 63ti Clay St.
ARE YOU GOING
HOP PICKING? HOP PICKING?
MarrttKl cr single, young cr old, boy* or
girls, families. COME ONE. COME ALL
AND PICK HOPS, $3 day.
Fare ?2. Office fee $1.
MURRAY Sc READY. C34 and CM Clay et.
MINE DISTRICT.""
S3 laborers. fe<? $1. fare 92, *"U> found.
25 two-h-irse teamsters, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and C30 Clay «t.
GOVEUNMEN WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
15."> teamsters. $75.
i*> crlllers. $SK).
FEE $1. THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and 636 Clay su
FACTORY^
12 laborers, you'll suit. S'JO.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay «t.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c. $4 day.
14 carpenters, fare 25c. S. M. Co., $3 50 to
U day.
Carpenter, ranch, fare SI 23. $10 and found.
Wheelwright. Nevada, special fare. $60 fd.
IG carpenters, city jobs, $3, $3 50, $4 day.
MURRAY Si READY. <534 and CSS Clay et.
GROCER"* CLERK. $60.
A man used to merchandiae store, fare 50c.
12 grape packers, southeast. $1 75 day fd.
Chcreman and wtfe, orchard, boss here, $40
and found.
Fireman, oilburner. fcr a mine.
Presser on gents' clothes, city. $2 to $2 25 i
day. i
Spooltendcr. fare $2 20, $40 to $50 and found. |
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. i
FREE FARE. R. R. WORK. FREE FARE
TO-DAY.
25 tpikers, you'll «uit. $C0.
25 laborers, you'll Fult, $ ( W.
Office Fee Oniy $1.
MURRAY £ READY, C34 and U36 CTay et.
" GOLD OUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE— SEE HIM.
2 machine miners $S2 50 to $00
3 Chock tenders $75
0 han<i miners $75 to $S2 50 I
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 laborers, for wood.", far* $5...... $33 fd.
Man. wife; man nsilk 25 cows; wife cook for
3 men; no ether woman on ranch $40 fd.
Chore boy cr man; institution ; fare $3, $30 fd.
3 brick wheelers, fare 30c $ti7 50
MURRAY & READY, UJ4 and (3« Clay €L
FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or boy who can eat fruit
CAN PICK FRUIT.
5C men and «-tror.;r bvys. fare $1, $30 Sc. fd.
OFFICE FEE $1.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay et.
3 carpenters for a park, $3 50 day.
2 carpenters, ran<-h, fare $1 25, $40 and fd.
Stone cutter, $4 50 day; carpenter, vineyard,
$40 and found.
MURRAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay «t.
25 extra waiters. $2 to $3 day.
25 extra cooks, $2 to $3 day.
23 extra di^hwasbfrs, $1 50 to $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and CM Clay «t
4 miners, Nevada State. $3 50 day.
Miner and wife, wife cock C men. $3 50 day.
S-;0 and found.
Hostler, city. $60; 3 stablemen, country, $40
and found. •
SPECIAL.
Waiter, free fare, $2o and found.
Camp cook. 10c fare, few men. (30 foucd.
WAITER— Special Job. ?40 fd.
4 butchers, fare Jl, ?2 75 day.
Starcher and Ironer, fare $1 25, $2 50 day.
•Colored man. drive light wagon. $1 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay st.
10 PLUMBERS— PORTLAND.
I LOOK,
i Baker, good bench band, $10 week acd fd.
I Slaughter-houxe butcher, fare $L $30 fd.
ti teamsters, city, no blankets. K day. -
«; laborers, city, no blankets. ?2 to $2 25 day.
2ft laborers, oil fields. $07 50.
Man. drive small milk route, $25 fd.
LOOK.
' 2 caulkers, boss here.
MUKRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
¦ WANTED — Man and wife to manage email
j country hotel; maa of good address, wife a
I good cook; oaly those with responsible writ- I
[ tea references need apply. ' Box 02S, CalL '
1 YOUNG men everywhere: copy letters home;
evenings; $3 CO week; send addressed envel-
. cpe for particular*. Manager Dent., \Vi, box
1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop, with baths and |
. laundry office, for ' sale In Selma,- Fresno •
County; trial permitted. -W. H., bcx lSCtt. 1
Selnia, Cat. '
WANTED— Six machine miners, $90;* 3 muck-
ers, $75. gold quartz. Call early/ Independ-
ent Office, C12 Merchaar st.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade: steady
work; no night or Sunday work; $25 security
reuulred. Apply 31<»& Kolsum st.. upstairs. .
i:aCTi.OTKr^jwrA.jrT^--Pc=i8 r ie-^coa.
WANTED — A situation by a weman to do
jr. r.«-T»I hoa*s«'«rk m sais'.l American fami-
.>: is flr.*t-cus» cook. 107 Minna »t.. near
Tfalrd
H'lVF-XJ.J-PK.n aud latmdrai b>- mtddl*-
?gcCL wor,iin; cit>- or coue:ry- Addrcsa rooa
15. 512 Fcsi'.h st.
WAXTKX>~ I', j'tlrn ?.!¦ L't-sik— a-r r»if.j snialt
:.<~Mr rr to e*T» i^r rft'.I':r»r.: ri'U"*' 1 * t*f r ""'r
1 ;.c;tiir.;-:,r J urf. H.. IScx. «'a» it-^<--
C'inji, <lresiciakti » HI so cut by day d'-rJas
t*sls month: *; tt> fi Uuy. 650 Stevenson «..
VtTr^NO v o-r»u~wishes ro»tttca as dressmaker.
jsaofck it
A HXL.UKCH: w.shen « pos:t!3n. IC74 Howard
\_nr**r. _
A WOMAN »>fc ( « srert: by .'.ar. Apjly 253
GIftT.. H, wants pusittun in an i»rflee. Box
roCICC Mdy «ar,i» !«-*!?ion In a dry geo4«
¦tor*. A<!<Jr-ss box S5B. C-ll office. .;.'/.
WOMANwaoid 1>ke to" work by th* day. 342
Mirr.a S8.B? 1
WANTED — Position as cashier; experience*:
res:*T.Tact: refentnees. Address box $5<i. Call.
A YOUNG girl w lsh*» position as r.urse girl:
beat oL, "xperierx.-e. Box K5. Call office.
WOMAN » jr.ts work by day. 317 Clara st.
WANTED — By a eoTr.p«-t^nt woman, petition
as ehamtf-rmai^. 520 Third at.
ADVEIiTISEMENTS. sutscriptiezs received at
CsK tran<-h ofiie*. ecr.Durcar. and Cfcurrh tt*.
rMPX.OTMEgT WAHTTD — MALE.
GARDENER — German. * I..-, reliable, wants
Mtuatica: uadrrttariis care cf heroes; can '
riillk; crivate .'.?.. city cr country; refer-
••nctt. Bcx B3Q, Call efftc-e.
ELDEPXY. strong, able and handy man. work
In private family or bcarding-hocze: perrna-
r.er.t home; asall wages. Address box 1077.
Can. • ,.- ¦::—¦.•'
illDDLE-AGZD man withes position: c?n >ia j
a'.l work oa ekctrle lights, call b-sILs arui tel-
erhone*; is «rillir>5 to work *« hand".' car..
Ad-irras EDWARD EAR1.EW. llh C'iJy et.
ATTORNEY. S5. wttb fcusiai^s experience!
wants a Bituation of a«y kind. B^x 10s>5. j
Call crnct.
GERMAN, xni<J<J!e-*£«;d and «ingle. wishes sit-
uaUon sl£ clerk 5r. arroc*r> - and barroora: flrst-
c'.z'e 1 eferer.ces. Vf. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
FIBKT-CLASS cctchmar. and chaurr<>«r f.w pri-
vate l*mlly, city or country; steady position
|:*ferred: very best ref. Bcx 7»7, Call.
BARTENDER. Orcr.. wants situation. Box
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes petition In hotel
cr jrrivate riou*»: can do a!i repairs acd ai-
Uratloss en electric ligr;u. call bell« and
telephones: Is willing to wcrk as handy rcaa.
Addrrs* EDWARD. R. S.. US Edcy St.
1 —
GERMAN (2S yeans). 2 iscnths here, war.rs ;
*u?iy ;Ks:t!cn; little Ensr'.ish: ar.y I
wcrk where he can leara thn- language quiet;
c«ty er country. Bcx S42. Call office.
PIKFT-CLAES >iriver «-;sies position in pr!-
vffte l/.tce; understands gardenias" thormgh-
!y: all arcur.d a-.an; sober and reliable; goci
r«: c~r.ee. Ecx 1104. Call cMce.
V'ANTED — Fcslticn as taie*rr.an er rsaaagT,
• cr country, by ycung married rr.an: ex-
pcrlcsccd :n trroefrr and rrovlrfon lines;
«::h Al references. Bcx S53. Ca'.l efflce.
nrsTCLAfS eoarhman ani chauffp'jr fcr
private family, city cr ccuntrj-; steady po-
»S:lcn rr-:err«J: v«=ry b*>st city and personal
referenct5. Hex 7S7. CaH offiie.
BCIKKEEFEP.: expert bookk«per. IS years'
'^perienoe. ceslres er;gacement; collections
and ccrr>-tpt.ri '!*•£» a ep*c;a:ty; salary raod-
>r*:e. V*o\ 7»1. Call ofSce.
A ni:ST-CL.V?.S llri»*-.»*d ncc-unton. plumber
want* wcrk Iro-m crcnerty cwner; has all
reefctsary siop tocJe; city or ccuntry. Bcx
~'<i. Call effice.
FiP.ST-CLAF? wurhnan. ehaafreur:pri.fa-Blry;
riry cr reentry*: i'tesciy position preferred :bsst
'•i? »n3 D*rFonaI ref^rrnc*^. licx 797. Call, j
TOCNG rr^rtaitn. 23 years of are. wants I
Ui w.jrt srnccg r'anterers as h»lr>«r cr >am
tfct :ra>. Addreaa L. A. P... 515> 3 Bush rt. I
— A pes'.ticT: a* r-;>ctcr by a ycung I
rr.an of esp*r-.*?r:ce ; references and bend fur- I
Btehefl if <J«s:red. B^x 1001. Call.
typem-riter. d-*ireF position:
¦ *'- *"'.rk: r<>f^rear*>«: %C c«r week salary.
Bcx ris. Ca:; ©race.
JOB carpenter; strict attesticn pa'.d f.re Job*;
prtsr.pt snd reiscnallt Address Carpenter,
425 Seventh St.. city.
EITt*ATION wanted by «. Scandlrtavlan to
r.cri: in a warehouse or hay barn or lumber
¦ari; gooj wcrker. Box 1150. Call.
WELL- KNOWN experienced salesmaa wishes
a pcsit:;n in wholesale or retail business.
Hex I COS. Call.
STP.ONG. wiping ycusg can wacts to go as
Ltfa.-rr.tr^rg helper. Ecx »21. Call office.
PLUilUKR wa-ts steady work. 2O4 Ellis st..
To^d £4.
CLUMAN wants posltioc as porter cr lunch
can. Bcx 1COI. CalL
YOUNG nan would Uke situation as appren-
tice ia machine ehop la city. Bcx 804. Call.
EAREEP. wanu position In downtown shop
J. P.. 12S Twenty- eighth st.
— — —
WAITER wants ereaiEg Job. Box 803. Call.
WATCHMAN wishes poeltlca. 107* Howard
•treet. <
CAKE • :¦.*" wants pcsitlon in country. Ap-
1 !y C2S CUy «t.
WANTED — A pcsltloa as itiblraaa. Address
1S24 Oak »t.
JCB wanted cs delivery wagon bey. Box 8C6.
Cail cff.ee.
POSITION wasted aa porter la liquor store
Box 0S5. Call.
SITUATION In wnoteeali hous* as ianltor
Bcx 1198. Call.
SALESMAN ae«rjalr.te^ with naioon trade de-
tlrm a podtloa. O. S.. 4SS Mlr.r-a st.
"WANTED — Pla?« as caih bey. 3S0 Natoma st.
GARLENER want* pesitlca for two days per
week. Ad-?re*s 1Z24. "'•Golden Gate ave.
PCSITION as night watebxsan. Box fi2S. CsJ!
ofSce.
SITL'ATTON w«itK! ty loo)cJieep<r. AiWress
fc^x IC11. Call office.
YOUNG r.-.an wacts a Jcb la a wbrJeia>
house. B.^x M*J$. Call office.
BOY irish«s n-crs: !a Mb»jl»»£le hour*. JOS. A.
FIUEIJMAN. «0 W»«hiKgton st.
JAPANESE recple want situation: pri. faulty;
man as firrt-class fancy cooii. wire waitress
nrt tal»>; 13 years' exnerirrjre: read r»coni-
tngrxAticns; *'.;0 ur>. SIttralshL Sis Jessie st.
A. JAPANESE good bey wants a clttiatica as a
rc^r'.bcv <-r hcus*- « lefiiricp in a srsall family.
_K. X.. K3 iiixteectb ct.. Oaklaad.
CHIXI-.SE ftrx-t -class cook wi*be« pssitica In
triva**- <>:r.i!T. 1110 Pfneitcn rt.
3PXATSTO LST.
a ¦;¦¦"...-::- and Cats to let: sa lmmcase list:
r»rvic^ tfc«o:uTe!y free; take advantage cf
:':'.% flflsirtilMilT. it will anve yes time and
Ti>tb!c. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-254
bleary w . ca thm squarr.
•T'.VCXTY filXTH. r.*ar Folsom— Juit row- I
Z-rttC: elcsaxt <-3rai.r 3ats cf •• roenjs; J12 Co J
atwd T--* sssSSaB^EBasssVlMSi »
LION, il'i — Fin- iarir* icoCErn upper flat of ?{
¦.ir.Tr.t zr.d »mth; rtct f40- Near Gcldea |
Csxm I'irS. ?
:»nn* Cctcnlal rats'. 5 room »n<3 rtcfptica j
lail: aitisiicallr .;ecorat»d: $22 53. D st..
V^ltu ave.. near Pari. j
"i'l let — »'7: Z large rwjias and >ard. 72C?i
ILarrlron at.' -
TU" CSTX-PT COSD, -ZZi. 'nr. Dclares — 3
rwasa; d' ub.e uarior»; SIS.
LAltciEST lift tt Rouf» aad flit* t» let. Call
cr I.TC.V * :iO.\G. 116 Mor.tT<*niery st.
r'l:i:inr:iCK. «V1A— That r?w.'eleszc*Jy ri-c«-
Prr.*<l 7-r. &at^ tr.H?ts: sio»I.pJuint.iai:f27 50.
AC.lFtC a\-».. ZK2. c»-ar Fllln«on^-Flat cf
*¦ rtiom*: #un In ev?ry rocjn: large carOsa.
tAi.TU.iiE.VTO. ICW. above Powell — A nlc*
moGtra Sat. 5 ruos> xad bmh. ¦
rWENTY-JWURTH. nr-Tioe— Flse auany
uuutx &d\, b r. aad t. ; cars paas iocr; J-u. 1
I MOUSY TO 1VOAK--Ccntfan«d.
1 PER ceat ca furniture or planes: no removal:
no ccmmlsslcn; no publicity; $23 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery at., rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and rrccious stones bouzh-.
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. leans to salaried p*ocl-
Just on their note; «aay paymeats. 500 itui-
to bldg.. New Montscmery and Missloa sta.
MONEY loaned en salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies. »ts. United Loan ar.d
Trust Cc.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried c»orle without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed nctrs and other security. 3.
F. Disccunt Ater.cy. 143 Phelaa 'juildlag.
ON r?al estate aad chattels. E. W. LICK
1CC3 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
STAR Lean Co. cf Wyoming loaas to salaried
employes. Room 211. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL lean* en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
3% ON furn.\ure & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no rem. V. TREMAIX. rsom St. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people oa notes without
Indcrser. MORRELI* tfOO Examiner bulldln*.
MUSICAL X2T STBTJMJU H TS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — LltUe
pianos for <mali rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big piaaos for largs parlors,
balls, etc: pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large- number cf good cnes at
I $2 50 per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
per rnu. (the best instrument offered far the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegaat large
planes for Si and $5 per mo.; over $120 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent: on* year's
rental allowed off purchae* price. SCOTT -
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH ,Olr UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard. small uprljrht for practlc* $40
Wuodwcrth a^id Allcvon, splendid order.. 65
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 123
Ehsrisan. Clay & Co., good order J.:5
Grovesteen St Fuller, splendid order 145
BEXJ. CURTAZ ft SOX. 16 CFarreU st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new planes; all makes In used Instruments.
HELNE PL\NO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway: largest exclusiva piano
Inufe and only manufacturers here.
FOR sale — Cheap; 3 upright pianos and other
stringed instruments. 1S21 Wcolsey St.,
Lorin. Berkeley.
A George Steck upright grand: elegraat ma-
hogany case: cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SECOND-hand piano, $125. BACIGALUPI. 7S»
Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary st.
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos; furniture,
dirt cheap. Wbltebead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piaso for sale; as good as \
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano* Cecelian piano |
player. BYRON MACZT. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. BCHMTKa * CO.. 1« McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinnay up: Chickering baby grand;
Ehonlng-r. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 OFarreil.
OrrigES A1TP STORES TO I»ST.
DESK room In elegant, well equipped, centrally :
located offices ; cheap. Rocm 3. 240 Mor.tg'y.
LOWER part ot 423 Suiter sc: suitable for
business purposes. 1
A — CALL and #?« our demonstrators, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckle*.
Smallpox pittinrs, etc.:
Restore lest contour.
If ycu desire a fresh, younjr face, call or
write MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a rare cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia. |
sere throat, etc. Sold by all druggirts for j
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. Z2 Turk St.. S. K.
THE Etar Hair Reaaedy restores gray hair. 1m-
provt*: Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and it:bicg . scalp; . no stair, cr stickiness; |
cleanses scalp; at druggists*, hairdressers' ;ae- ,
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lsmpa. sores, impure blood (affecting '
pkln. moutb. benes. etc.) speedily cureJ by [
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central j
Pharmacy. 32S -Grant ave. Worst easss car»d.
Rheumatism. n«rvcusn«S3. can be cured while
you wait; Persian massage; invigorate*, re-
freshes, soothes. Mrs. J. M. Wood. 371 Geary
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald bead. C»il or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 3H2 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; cncal'ed for suit*, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 «Iarket st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 3©
down and $1 50 per we»k. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell
A — Visitors we shampoo, manicure, dress hair,
etc.: cheapest, best in city. 133 Powell st.
Superfluous hair removed : electric needle. Mrs.
tat:n. 3fS sutter. Miss Eaton. £yt aea r y.r.3S.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle.. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Mark-t «t.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S5O Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best ha!r
tcnic la the wcrld at 1S10 Sutter st. .
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair paats.SlS.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th aad 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr-
dresaing parlors} to 645 Market, next Palac*.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GAP.IN. 138 Montgomery st.
'¦ TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pas:s $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu«li and Duront.
MASQUERADE co«tumes. play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all drurgists*.
PAiMISTET.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chetro. reveals fa-ts
that will aMonisn yoo, portrays events, de-
scribes' enemies; advice given. 47SA Turk «t.
PHYSICIANS AND STJEGEOKS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21U Market st., b«t. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD rida and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. I073H Market st. - ¦•
REMOVED— DR WONO HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past lour years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenwcrta.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured bv Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
PATXITT3.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
- torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PUHCEASIHC AGEWCIE3.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 356S 17th St., San Francisco. TeL Capp $5<J.
STORAGE AHTJ WABZEOTJSES.
A^GJLEERT &" STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping: warehouse. G.O. and Vaa »
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750. I
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture
hourehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 18L
CAPITAL Van and 6torage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Movin- Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prt. Ex. 5IL
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. :EC1 Gold-en Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLPEN W«st Storage:" advances made. 840
Mis-lcn st.; teL Howard 941. F.W. Zehfoss.
PACIFIC ' Storage ¦ aad Furniture Moving Onm-
paay., 2320 Flllmore at.: phoae Jackson 2SL*
BEKIX8 Van and Starase Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: t»l. Mtm 1^40. Shisclng at fnt rates.
-TO I^EASX.
FOR lease — California Sehuetsea Club Park.
near Saa Rafael. California. Written bids for '
the lease of California Schuetxra Club Park •
for five yeara, . from December 20. 1904. will !
be received up to October 1. 10OI, at the of-
fice of» the secretary -of the California
Ecauetzen Club. Park and Building Associa-
tion. O. A. Bremer. 82O . Kearny st.. San
Francisco. California. The form of lease j
and each and all the terms and conditions. {
except the amtsunt of rent.' may be seea at .
the office of the recreUry. and any intending j
lessee whose bid Is accepted will jave to .
give satisfactory security for U»e perform- ,
-, ance of the terms ¦ and conditions of the 1
-. lease. , The directors reserve the right to rs- I
Ject any and all btds. ¦ . |
PIULO JACOB Y. President. I
O. A. BilKilER. Seer-tary. »Knights Templar Parade Practi
cally Sto[>s Business.
Yesterday was practically a holiday In ths
stock market, as • th« > members were so en
crcssed with the Templar parade that the
board room* were '.virtually deserted and sales
were few at about previous prices. The San
Francisco Stock Board adjourned until 2 p. ra.
STOCK MARKET.
tin $4 75; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine.
7!ic: Fruit Eags. 6ii®7H:C for white and 7c
for brown Jute.
CANNED FRUIT — Following are prices for
the 1004 pack : - : > : .-'
•s a 71 im
** mji » n
FRUITS w "^ ** *•'
Apples SI 05 $1 3C$l 20 $1 10 I
Apricots 125 115 1 C5 j
Blackberries 160 135 123 115
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 SO 1 e5 1 35
Do white 2 00 165 150 ]
- Do black 1 SO 1 Vi5 I 50| 1 SO j
Grapes Muscat 1 25 IK 1 00 90
Nectarines 1C0 125 1 15 1 05
Peaches. Yellow 1 75 1 S5 1 25 1 15 1
Pears Bartlett 1 90 1 t;0 1 40'
Plums Green Gago .... 1 35 1 10 1 C0| 90 !
Do. 'Egg 135 11C 1C0 DO.
Do. Golden Drop 1 35 1 li 1 00J U0 |
Do. Darr.son 140 1 151 1 05 1 CO
Raspberries " 50 2 251 2 00 1 90 '
Strawberries 2 00 1 75| 1 C0| 1 40
"CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2>-i-lb
standard*. 67Vi<?70c: gallon standards. $2 05JJ
2 10. 3-lb solid pack. 87^@90c: Green Peas —
Baby pclits pels. $1 50; petlts po!s, $1 35; ex
tra sifted 91 15: standard sifted. $1; stand
ards. S5c: Marrowfats. 82^c: gallon sifted.
$1 23: gallon standard, $3 75 f. o. b. San
Francisco.
COAL— Wellington. $S p?r ton; New Wei
llngton, $S>: Seattle. $C 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill $5 50: Roslyn, $7; C003 Eay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland, $13 In I
bulk «r.d $1* 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An- 1
Ihracite Esg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50;. Canne). $9 per ton: .
Coke, $11 i'ii<c?:.": per ton In bulk 'and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per
short ton. ,
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, p«r lb. 4^c;
rates, regular. $5 65; cases, extra large. 6?ic;
Kaitern style, U-'Jic; boneless. «}«c; "Norway,"
1 «Vic; ."Narrow Gauge." (>?ic: "Silver King." ,
7?ic: blocks. "Oriental." li'.^c: blocks. "?ea-
I bright." 7c; tablets, 7Uc; middles. 7@D 1 ic:
i fancy bonekss. OUCO'Jic: pickled Ccd, bbls.
[ $s: pickled Cod. half bbls, $4 75.
i CORDAGE— Ths lecal company quotes as fel
; lowj. CO days or Vi per cent discount for cash,
r.u eales under IO.uCU lbs: Manila. H'ic; Sisal.
I lOiic; Duplex. 9Vic; Bale Rope. ll! t @il7ic
I per lb.
! COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal; H® 13'4c
' for ttr'.ctly prime to fancy washed; 12V.<ifl3Vie
C fcr prime washed; 1H4@12Uc for gooi wash
ed; HViQl-"c fcr good to prime washed pea
beiTy; KWllc for good to prime- peaberry: It
(^12',ic for good to prime: 9@10',ic for fair;
a >-.*ir>iit; for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13©l4c for fancy washed, ncmlnal;
12&l"%c for strictly prime washed: 10>4«tll«ie
for good ; to prime ¦ washed : 0 l ,i@10'ic forfalr
washed: 10@ll Vic for fair to prime washed
peaberry: l0®10',ic for. good to prime semi
washed: 9',i@9?ic for superior unwashed; 9?
for good green unwashed: nu<f?10c for good to
auperlor unwashed peaberry; 6@8c for inferior
to ordinary.
Nicaragua— Nominal: llij®134c for prime
to fancy washed: 9V4910^c for fair to rtrlctly
good washed: 8>/i©S%c for good to superior
unwashed; 9Vs@10c for good to prims unwashed
peaberry.' . :
Guatemala and Mexican— 13*4® 15c i for fancy
washed, nominal; 11 3*813 He for prime ta
strictly prime washed; ll@ll^c for -strictly
good washed: lOJi®! 0*4 c for good washed- 9 '.4
. ClO^c for ' fair washed ; SK'SSc * or medium ;
• egSc for Inferior to ordinary; 10^@ll%c for
MONDAY. KEPT. 8.
REAI> ESTATE TRAXSACnOXS. *
Eliza Lofstad (Kanzee) to Arthur TTinsee
2 10 -^. 011 S Ilne of H * yM "treet. k «5 W ct
Gouxh. w 75 by S 120; undivided half oT lot
— - N b? n w O (B:'S r |ia*" t ' M:9 E of rr *— "=•
Frederick B. and Sign* M. Hultlng to G«org«
E. Butler, lot on N line of Greenwich atrsw.
20O E ot Broderlck. E BO by N 137:6; $la
Caroline A. and Mary F. Potter to Giovanni
Campl. lot on E line et Oakwood atreec 28a
5 of Eighteenth, S 25. E 00:9. NW 25. W 96:5;
Estate cf D. K. Jones (by C. C Bemls. _.
ecutor) to Carl N. P. Ahlgren. lot oa SE cor
ner of Twenty-sixth and Church streets. 8
26:6 by E 86: lot on N line of Army street.
06 E of Church. E 25 by N 114; $215O.
Same to Frank Cassln. lot on W Una o*
Dolores atre»t. 26:6 N of Twenty-fifth. JT 50
\ Cuneo A Costa- Co. to Blanch* P. Altmarfc.
lot* on W line o! Duoont street. T7:8 N of
Pacific. X 25 by W 72: ?1O.
James and Lucy F. Packer to Eugene L*u
jardlere. lot on' N line of Green street. 133:4
W of Mason. "W 22:11 by N 137:6; $10.
George W. and Belle G. Lippman to Robert
D. and Edna L. Connolly, lot on NE corner
of Eighteenth avenue and Lake street. E 57 9
by N 100; ?1O.
Edward P. Levy to Alice I. Levy, lot on E
line v of Tenth avenue, 260 S of California
street, S 25 by E 12O; gift.
Bernhard and Rcsa Getz to Peter Christen
§en. lot on NW line of. Vienna street 25 VB
of Brazil. NE 25 bv NW 100. block 54. Ex
celsior Homestead; ?10.
John S. and Anna M. Eccles to William W
and Fanny C. Eccles. re-record 192* D 453 of
lot on W line of Telesrraph road, 123 g from
N boundary cf St. Mary's College tract 3
CS:9 by W 137:0; gift. '
John S. Eccles to William W. and Fann!#
C Etclej. lot on W line of Mission street 125
S from N boundary line of St. Mary's Colles*
tract. S 63:0 by W 137:9; gift. *
Builders' Contract*.
Henry E. Bothln (owner) with Walker
Brother* Company (contractors), architec
Frank S. Van Trees — All work except concrete
floor*, brick work and Iron work for a two
and three atorv brick building on SE corner
Harrteon and Nineteenth street*, S 2CO b» C
2C0: K10.3C0. -"»¦*&
Christian Bauer (owner) with Merton H
Cos «contractor», architect. C. A. Meu.*sdorffer
— All wtrk for a two-etory frame buiMin*
(flats) en the N line of Greenwich street 137-«
E of Scott. E 26 by N 137:6; S--U35.
Fred A. Gardner (owner) with C. P. Mocrs
(contractor). — -architect— All work for a two
story and basement frame huiidlnj on N. lln*»
of VallejA street. SO H of Baker, E 32 by N
• 125; $7223.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco
(owners) with Wesley Hetdt 'contractor), ar
chitect. Clinton* Pay — Copper flaahir.g ot* dor
mers and flre walls; corpor nimpa and effpper
roofs and»ftashlngs of skylights and skvlights
o\e- banking rooms ot E walls of new 50-foai
addition, with n«w three stories and attic to
present building. t.-> make a ten-«tory bulldtn?
on K line of Mantt-oroery sttre*t. 62:8 N of Pm<
N 6O. E 97 :C. S 25. W 25. S 25. W «2:«- NE
corner Montjomerv mid Pout streets N 624.
I E 62:6. S 57:11. SW 7:10. W 5«:2; |30«bV -
Continued From Tgge Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
FOR TUESDAT. 8EPT_M__R _,
Flour, qr skj...ll.9S3| Hay tons 1,39
Wheat, ctls 2,931 Hops bales 10
Barley, ctls .... 3 272! Wool.' hales T
Oats, ctls 3,446'Wlne. jrals 2T.sno
Ryp, ctls 410 Pelts hdls 1.195
Tallow, ctls .... 61 Lime, bbls ...... 273
Beans, sks "ftllHldes. No 819
Potatoes, sks ... 2. 39Si Leather, rolls ... 2S
Onions, sks 641 s
OREGON.
Flour, qr ski... 8.23SJ Middlings. •_» .. W
Wheat, ctls 16,510 Feed, ska 1.8M
Bran sks 6431
WASHINGTON (MONDAY).
flour, qr sks... 6.4541 Wheat, ctls .....10.009
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAJfO—
Following were the sales on tha San Fr»s«
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterlay;
Mornlag Session.
200 Alta 10 100 Exchequer ... 63
600 Belcher 26 20O Gould A Car. 21
100 Bullon 30 200 Justice 10
100 Caledonia .... 62 SCO Mexican 99
100 Caledonia .... 64 1C0 Ophlr 3 25
1000 Con N Y 07 100 Overman 21
2C0 Crown Point.. 17 200 Se« Belcher... 13
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 251 ICO Hale A Kara. &4
100 Bullion 2« 100 Mexican 99
SCO Caledonia ... 66 20O Ophir 2 2S
700 Con N Y 07
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« Pacl2s
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 25| 50O Exchequer ... _
2CO Caledonia «1! ICO Ophlr 2 34
K.0 Caledonia .... 62' 1400 Yellow Jacket. 20
100 Crown Point.. 17J
¦ Afternoon Ssssion.
SCO Caledonia «5| 3U0 Con NY.... 07
2C0 Caledonia 6S| ICO Exchequer ... 63
1 200 Caledonia 67| loo Ophlr ; 271,
100 Con Cal & V.I 10] 300 Overman 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
; Following were the sale* on the San Fraa-
I Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
I Mcralcz Session.
! 500 Columbia 2Ui 30O Mont Tea ...1 9*
5CU Columbia 25! 6C«» Rtd Tod 1*
1(**< Hsi»l Kirk .. 121 ".'*. Red Top l»
600 MacNamara . 231 IOOO Rescue a*
bv.t Mac.Nanuu . :», 10CO P.escue .• 10
ICO MacNamara . SCI ...«¦ ion cxt<>ij I I".,
500 Mont Ton ...1 8U| 15C0 Ton Gold Mt. 13
Afternoon Session.
'¦ 6C0 MacNamara . 311 400 Rescu* C9
20O Mont Ton ...1 00| CCC Ton Belmont.. 6©
10O Mont Ton..l O7'-jtlOC« Ton Gold i!t 18
10«« Mont Ton ...2 00| 501* Ton Midway.. 3»S
2W» Mont Ton.. 2 02t;i 5CO Ton Midway.. 33
10CW Rtd Top is! ICO Ton of Nev.. 7 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Sept. 6—3 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 11 131 Justice o» 19
Alta 10 12'Kentuck C3 06
Andes IS 20! K. Graessler. . — ;o
Belcher 2tt 27 1 Lady Wash .. — C5
Best «t Belch.l 10 1 2C| Mexican »3 1 C5
Bullion 2«i 2S! Occidental .... 7* S.1
Caledonia.... »i7 tfSl Ophlr 2 "5 *» 30
Challenge ... 20 22; Overman 24 25
Chollar 14 1G| Potost 14 i«
Confidence ... ttt 70! Scorpion . • • • • O*? i'A
Con Cal A V.I <>5 1 lOi Savajre .." *o «»i
Con Imperial. Ot C2| Stg Belcher... T:t 14
Con NY 07 OS I Sierra Nev . . 34 35
Crown Point.. 17 191 Sliver Hill... 50 55
E. Sierra Nev Vli M\ St. Louis ... to
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate 02 _
Exchequer... 61 651 Unlcn Con... 39 40
Oould A Cur. 23 24! Utah j«» 1S
Hale A Norc. 6T*. rsl Yellow Jacket. 19 20
TONOPAH MCJES.
AjlfJ. .VSrC. I ptfj t A iV
Adams 08 — | Pine Grove ..25
Columbia .... 2-1 271 Quincy . j j, _
E3peranza ... Cl 02 Ray Exten .. — tn
Gold Anchor. 20 — ' Ray A O'Brien OS
Ooldfield BAB — 15! Ray TonoDah — in
Ooldfleld Min 65 75| Red Top .!T IT —
Goldfleld Mhk 2O 221 Rescue -1 11
Holdfleld Ton. 11 — (Ton Belmont.. M _
Gold Mt Con. 01 02|Ton & Cal... 10 —
Hanna M Ca 25 —I Ton Exten..l 10 t 17%
Hazel Kirk.. 11 121 Ton Fraction.. 25 —
Jim Butler .. — 70 Ton A Gt X7. 02 —
Little Ton .. — 50 Ton Gold Mt. 17 —
Lucky Tom.. H5 — Ton Midway.. 35 _
MacNamara .23 31 Ton of Nev.T t~V, T t«
Mlzpah Exten 07 — Ton N Star... 24 —
Mort Ton..2CO2 02W United Ton .. — C9
N Y Ton ... 03 — West End — _
Paymaster ..03 — ,-:~_
Receipts of Produce.
at the conclusion of the 9:30 a. m. »essloa
on account of U\s procession.
Ex-divldend yesterday: Imperial Oil Com
pany, regular monthly. 2Oo per share. amount-
Ing to $20,000; Thirty-three Oil Company, reg
riar monthly. 10c per share, amounting to
S10.0CO; Pacific Lighting Company, regular
monthly, «5c per ihar^r. amounting to $14.0O<>:
Psoniea. Sugar Company, regular monthly. 2Oc
per chare, amounting to $10,000: the Farrott
tsllvjr and Copper Company of Montana. SOc
per share; Central Trust Company has declared
a semi-annual dividend of 2Vj ' per cent,
amountlns t» $73,000; Central Eureka Mining
Company of California, regular monthly. 10c
per »hare. amounting to $40,000. payable Sep
tember i.
It Is reported that the control of the stock
cf the Hanford Oil Company has pawed to
John Martin of this city, who pays $50 cash
I er share and a balance of $160 p«r slur* to
be paid by June 1. IOCS, with 5 per cent on
the deferred payments for the nine months.
Hanfcrd is one of the companies in the Coa
linga field, being located on the famou*
28- 10-13, which it owns and part of which
N leased to the Twenty-eight Oil Company.
Independence and OH City Petroleum. Tn«
company is now paying $2 per shars per manta
dividends en a total of 200O share*.
good to prim* washed peaberry: »mM0c tor
good -to prime unwashed peaberry; £i}3r»c for
rood to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 29®01c; extra
heavy. :tl833c per Ib; medium. 25«2»c;
light. 22®27c: Rough Leather. 213 25c:
Harness Leather, heavy. 30?i-';!»c for No. 1 anrt
3<J®23c for No. 2; medium 3C337c; light. 193
35c; Skirting, No 1. 40®42c; No. 2 3eS~.Sc;
Collar Leather. 15@16c per foot: Trace Lea 'her.
4O@44c : Kip. unfinished. 40<330c per lb; Veal.
flnlshed. 50@C0c per lb; CaU. finished. €oc'<*$l
per lb; Wax Sides, 1C©17c per foot; Belt
! Knife Spins. 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8©10o
j per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $23®2S p«r ton; stick.
$10 B0S1S per cord.
OILS — Quotciion* are for barrels; for case*
add 5c; Linseed, 57c per gallon for boil'd anJ
or.c for raw; Castor Oil. In rose.*. No. 1 loo:
Bakers' A A. cases $1 KMJ1 ISj Lucol. 5Cc for
•boiled and 4Sc fo r raw; China Nut ca«e3.
€.">¦§ SOc p*>r gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in Barrel*.
."Sc for Ceylon and 35c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. C3c; extra bleachrd winter Whal*
OH. 57e; natural Whale OH 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; Nol 1 Lard Oil, f5c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No 1 Neatsfoot OH.
63c: light Herring Oil 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon OH 34e; boiled Fish Oil. S7c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal OH. In bulk.
13c: Pearl OH. in cases, 10^c: Astral. 10'Sc;
Star, I9V4c: Kxtra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c: Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; in case*. 22?fcc; Benzine. In bulk. 13c: in
case;, lO^ic; SC- degree Gasoline. In bulk. 23c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In caies and
73c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7UO
7*;c per lb;- White Lead. 7!i^7«;c. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER — $413*3 f O r local use and
$41341 50 D«r flask for export.
SALT— Prices to Jobbers: Bale*. SOc for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy. *Sg7
per ton; Granulated. $707 60; • Half Ground.
100-lb bags. *3 25: do. 50-lb bag«. $3 75: Rock
Salt. $2 85©3 In 10O and $3 25 In 50-lb bags;
Genuine Liverpool, $14 *15 and $16 per ton
in packages of 224 110 an<i 60 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR — Tha Western Sugar Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb baxs:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated. Cc; Beet Granu
1 lated (100-lb bags only). ¦ Confectioner*'
A. Cc; Magnolia A 5.60c; Extra C. 9.50c: ;
Golden C, 5.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrels, 10s more: i
half barrels. 23c,~more: boxe?, 50e more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.50c; boxes, fi.75c; H. A E. Crystal
' Domlnos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. SIS® 19; ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $10@23; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75®4: Pickets. 917025; Shingles. $2 for-
No. "1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $33933.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 6—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. 107 107% 4s qr cp new.l31*il32V4
4s qr reg..»106 106% 3s qr coup... — 1C5V*
x MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala. A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s. — 119
Asso Oil 5s. "0 70^ Do Cs 110U —
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — Do con 5j. — 103
Cal C G 5S.102 102% Oceanic S 5s. — 75
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6S.122 —
m & ct 6s. 81 82 Pac G Im 4s. 05 —
Cal-st C 53.112*4 — P E Ry 5s..lC5 106
C C Wat 5s. — — P A C H Cs.103 —
EdL & P 63.122 — P A O R 6s.ll4 —
F & C H 6s, — — Powell-st €s. — —
Geary-si 5s.. — 55 Sac EG&R5*. — 100*4 I
H CAS 5Hs. — — SF & SJV5S.119 —
Do 5s 100H — Sierra R 6s..lO9ti —
Hon R T ea.106-%107 S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — (1909) 10714 —
L A Ry 5s. .116 — (1010) 1CS^ —
L A L Co Ci - — SPofC6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A. 1031$ _
Do gtd 5s. 103 «£ 104% <lflC5)Sr B.104% —
LAP lem 5S.102H — (1806) 1C6»4 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3»i — (1912) — 117*4
Do lem Ss.113^3 114 U SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5% —
MV& MtT5s.lO2 — Do utampd . 100 *» —
NRR of C6s.l0«i4 — S P B R «s.l33 —
Do 5s 118 — S V Wat 6S.1C4 104 U
N P C R 5s. — lWiiJ Do 4s 2dm.lOO 1C0
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 98 —
N C P C Bs. — 99 Do g mtg4s 9S& — *
N S R R 5s. — 103 Stkn G&E*s. 93 —
O G L&H 5s. — 107?ilU G & E 5s.lO5 —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 3S«4lPort C6sta... — —
Marln Co.... — 60 | S V Wat Co. 39 33*4 I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% S»4 S F G & E. 61 U 61 »i '
Mutual D L. 11'i 12Vj Stkn G A E. — 5Vi i
Pac L Co... 57 — U G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.SOO — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 135 L P A A — 155
Anglo-Cal .. 86% — Mer Trust.... 212& —
Bank of Cal.420 — Merch Ex.... 50 5614
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F NatlonL — —
SAVINGS BANKS. [
Ger S A L.22.S0 2350 Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk..5S0 400
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.607>,4 — •
STREET RAILROADS. )
California ..lDCVi — I Presidio — 41
Geary — 23 I
POWDER.
Giant 62>4 64 | Vlgorlt — 5 !
SUGAR. %, |
Hawaiian C. 60 — llakawell C.I 2« ' —
Honokaa S C 15% — Onomea S C. 27^ 30 '
Hutch SPC 10% It Paauhau 3 C. 15% 16>i •
KUauea S C. 2'i 3
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 130 132U I Oceanic S Co. — 4 I
Cal F C A. 9S 100 |T'ac Aux FA. *Va — i
Cal Wine A. 80% 81 & Pac C Borx.158 — [
MV& MtTm. 96 105 I I'ao S Tel Co.101 103 ;
' SALES. •
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 60 00
100 Honokaa S Co. b 10 i« 12^
10 KHauea Sugar Plantation Co. 2 CO
80 Paauhau S P Co 16 00
Street —
30 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 60 CO
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar b 5. . 60 00 '¦
SI. COO Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 113 75 \
$5, COO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 0» ;
$3,000 Spring Val Wat gen mtg 4s.. »S 50 ;
Afternoon Session. '
Board — ;
20 Honokaa S Co 16 CO !
60 Hutchlnson S P Co. 10 87 li '
220 Paauhau S P Co 18 CO !
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | • Bid. Ask
bay CPC 6s. 9S& — S P C R 4s. — ICO
B L Wat 6s. — 117«i S P Co 44s.l00',4 — I
Cal NW 5*.. — 113 Sun Tel Cs?.. — 115 !
M C Wat 5s. 100 — Do 5s 104 I
Ills 1 Wks 5s — 105 Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
SF & NP 5s.llO>j — UR of SF 4s. 84»i 84%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . 26 30 T^oc* SF Bk — CO
Amcr Bis Co — 00 Mat Nav Co. — 00
Cal Cot Mils SO — Nev Nat Bk.l97V.
Cal G&ECor. 42 V a 43 N S R R Co. 9H — •¦
C Jockey C1.110 — N Cal P Co. — 9*i ¦
Cal Powder.. — 150 (ak Bk Sav.120
<'al Ship Co. '— 25 Oa>c T Con.. 7S —
Cal T I & T. — 135 IOOF Hall A 6?5 —
tVn Bk. Oaf — 65 I Crpheum Co . — 15U j
CT.utes Co .. — G>4iP*cC Cas Co.l2S — I
City & C Bk — 120 lac Sur Co. 105 — '
Oyp L Imp.. — CTi Paraf Paint.. KJ — .¦ i
Eist Dynm..30O — S r Drydock 60 — i
DjintPwd pfd 75 SO i SF*SJ Coal.. 17»^ 20
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat CO.1C3U
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTrtt.125 —
Fischer Thtr-40o COc Swiss- A Bk..ll5
Frr.ch-A Bk.lO8»4 — Truck Elect.. 11U
Ca3 Con A.. — 20%t UR InC pfd. 55Vj 59
H<no P Co.. 25 2fi ( Do com .. 14
Dc pool .. — 27U! /
SALES.'
Morning Session.
Street—
$12.C0O United R R of S F 4 per cent. S4 50
I California Stock and Oil Exchange
,£» Stock*- Bid. Asked.
Apollo ..... 4;j
Associated Trust Certificate . 19- "1
; California Standard is
1 Central Point Con 60 \
I flaremont "nh
Four ::::
Hanford lyy 00
I Independence 25) '"'\
i Kern •. 5 co
Kern River 1275
I Monarch (of Arizona) •-- .
I Monte Crlsto '53
1 Occidental of W. Va 04
Oil City Petroleum ."...' '-^'ik
Peerless .* 13 CO
Reed Crude i ' 50 •
S.i F. & McKlttrlck *»'o6
Senator ' . 60
Sterling - 3*00
Superior 04 CS
Thirty-Three $ £5
Twenty-Eight 0 00 .....
Associated Bonds 60 50 '
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater • 45 55
Afternoon Session.
50 Pavuhau 16 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
12
i BOOaiB TO IiET — rum, and TTnfurn.
j THE LARCHMONT. Sfil Sutter— New brick
l.uKdlng. finely furnished; modern; central;
i rates reasonable.
I THIRD. 80S <Tfce Mayflower)— Pleasant miny
iumished room.*: central; reasonable. | !
; TURK. SOI— Furnlshod room to let.
TWENTIETH, ".CSC — To rent. large sunny, 'ur-
l!ish"d room; $?. ¦
UNITED STATES. 12.J Eddy, near Market— 40*>
rooms, 3T»c to SI night, SI 75 to SS week; elsc-
tric lights <no ras). running water in *very
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market — ¦
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S. r .c to SI 50 night: S2 to ?3 week;. elevator;
e!ec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions' received at
Call branch office. oor.Dunean and Church Bts.
KOOSXS AND BOASD.
BOARD and room, private family; no other
boarders; references; no children. Bex 81",
Call office.
COMFORTABLE, sociable, moderate home for
gentleman: 20 minutes to electric cars; good
board. Box 11S7, Cal\.
FINE south facing front - and side rooms:
nicely furnished; first -class table board. 'M0
Eighteenth Et., Oakland. •
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with
choicest French table board; best location.
LARKIN, 840 — Room and board for gentleman.
MASON, 615A, near Sutter — Sunny room and
board In private family.
/ '
MCALLISTER, 1S22 — Rooms and board.
O'FARRELL, 910 — Sunny furnished room and
running water, with board.
POST. 845— Room, with or without board.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
896.
ROOMS with board. 1163 Turk street.
EDDT, ••1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
tunny rorms; table board; reas.; new tnanag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double, S5-$0 wk.; American family.
Stevenson Mans.'on, opp. Grace Church annex.
£17 California — See rooms.l*am prices.try tabl*.
BOOKS A2TI> B ff A^P^y A2 ?!^P_^.^
BT youn? man, near Fourth and Townsend
sts.; private family. Box 10S0, Call office.
BOOM-BESrTTNO AQEWOY. r
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner bldg.—
Rooms to let, with or without housekeeping,
single or In suites; we recommend 300 Scott,
464 Halsht, 403 Halght. 1187 Ellis.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 096.
SEWING —ACHINXS AND STJFPX.IES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will
trade you a new one for It. Visit the new re-
tall office of the White Co.. 915 Market St.,
and see the great collection of machine art
work now on exhibition; 1000 new- Whites for
rent; beet machines on earth.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family, use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Rome, the best second-hand machine;
nil kinds, S3. $5, SS; guaranteed; where tbe
dolls awin«; In the window. 1051 Market at.
SPECIAL ifOTICES.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles: PETER
FREILING'S pile calve, SI per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, aUo
fistula, without fall, no j matter how long
etanding. 162S Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
TCTEWBITSBS^AOT^UPPgIE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2. Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. S25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 5CS Market.
VIA VI. i _
A WAT to health — Mothers' and daughters'
horn? treatment: booklet free: write for It.
V1AVI CO.. 2304 Van Nes«: phone East 2S2.
urvroEirp notices.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 69, of fifty cents
(60c) per share on the Issued capital stock. of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206 Hayward building. Ban Francisco, on
September 10, 1904. Transfer books close
Sept. 3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. See.
PBOPOSAI.S.
NOTICE Is hereby 'Riven that sealed bids wlh
be received until 2, o'clock p. m.. Monday,
September 12, 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the city of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of- the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to "0, Inclusive, bearing date
of January 1, 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1954, bearing lntsrest at the rate ot
5 per cent (STe) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years. Issued by the Territory
of Arizona, In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory,' and
which net bas betn approved by the Con-
gress of tbe United States. Said bonds be-
ing tbe second Issue of the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid eeml-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable In gold coin
of the United States at the office of the
Treasurer cf said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the rmount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany «ach bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment In full upon allotment and tender
cf bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves |
the rleht to reject any and all bids. Bids <
must be sealed and addressed to the Board j
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., September B, 1004—
Sealed proposals-. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. t October
5. 1904, and then opened, for the construction
of an additional story to Administration
buildlnr of General Hospital. Presidio of
'San Francisco. Cal., Including plumbing,,
heating and wiring.
Government reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all bids. In whole cr In
part. Information furnished on application
to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quarter-
master General, Chief Quartermaster.
U. S. Engineer Office, San Francisco, Cal.,
Sept. 6, 1904; sealed proposals for dredging
In Alvtso slough, Cal., will be received here
until 12 noon Thursday. Oct. fl. Wfvi: Infor-
mation on application. W. H. HEUER, Col.,
Enrr». -_
AyP^^CAnn^aTlTO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures: estab. In S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
¦s -
The following marriage licenses were Issued
featerday:
James W. Snowden. 60. Willows, and Adella
Brown. 30. Chlco.
Elmer F. Woodbury, 37, Pasadena, and Joan
M. Hadenfeldt. 31. city.
George E. Gardner. 29. Vallejo, and Jessie
M. de Carterete, 29. Vallejo.
Lorenzo D. Gasfer. 28, city, and Molly G.
Sugrue. 28. Tiffin. Ohio. . i
George McKibbin. 37, Sacramento, and Mary
A. Sorenson 36, Sacramento.'
Willie Chlnn. 32, S34 Washington etreet.
and Tute Qul Wong, 20. 920 Sacramento st.
Adam T. Dlckson, 69, 459H Eryant street, !
and Elizabeth Christen. 39, 2930 Twenty-sec-
ond street.
David Moyes. 26, Folsom atreet. and Anna
Kearney, 21, 1440 Leavenworth street.
Dcnla Shelley 32. 567 Howard street, and
Mamie Casey. 2«,. city.
Peter Flgarl, 22. 3311$ Vallejo street, and
Mary Albcrigl. 17. Point Reyes station. •
Antonio Larocca. 28, 533 Francisco street,
and Concetta Isala, 17. 533 Francisco street.
Frederick J. O. A. Brooks. 32, city, and
Lillian Sehultz. 33. 424 Grove street. • ;-.
Frank H. O'Brien. 25, 518 Van Ness avenue,
and Delia Molloy. 22, 730 Fourteenth street.
Karel Van Nlel. 22. 704A Guerrero atreet.
and Florence Moore. 18. 1225 Cortland avenue.
Thomas C. Collins. 31, city, and Marguerite
Thorlne.21. city.
Charles F. Cutler. 18. 18 Laskle street, and
Mary C. Ober. 18. 330 Fell street.
John H. Hammond. 21,. - 123 - Twenty-sixth
avenue, and Edna F. Talcott/ 18. 1S28 O'Far-
rell street.
George N. Sanders. 2T, Davlsvtlle and Gus-
ale Knlest. 21, Treka. ¦ .--..-
George B. Bennett, 30. Angels ' Camp, and
Virginia F. Ellas, 22. Angels Camp..
Horace C. Burr Jr., 25. 2152 Sutter street,
and Georgia M. Read 25. -15 11 Webster sjreet.
Carl A. Swenson. 27, 14 Duboce avenue,- and
Ester A. Peterson, 24. 2430 Bartlett street.'
George F. Whltcomb," 60. 437 Minna ' street,
and Eraellne M. North,- 50. 2414 Pacific avenue.
Leslie »G. Kean, 32, - 519 ' Van Ness avenue,
and Mary E. Dennis. 24, 462 -Castro. street. -
Benjamin L. Keseinger; 25/229 Capp etreet,'
1 »nd K. E. Lee Powell, 16. 2 Bismarck street
BOOMS rOS KOUSBKEEPIKO. , j
"-'-'- i
UUSH. 14I2A — t front bay-window rooms. r
CALIFORNIA. VXl— Floor of 3 aunny iootkb. |
mnnin? water in every rccm: nice location. |
l"i:LL, 22N— Nice furniahed suite housekeeping, |
j $14; central: Lath, sas range: adults. : (
! FIRST. 20S. near Howard— 5 eunny housekeep- (
i Ing roomt: business location; rent moderate.
I rOLSOM. S30— 2 furnished rooms for house-
! keeplnjr; 59; room with stove. $7.
rOLSOSI, 742A— Sunny front housekeeping
! rooms; yard connection: $14 month. 1
j FOJ.'RTII. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms: also ;
1 einzle rooms. -'-'<¦' '•'.¦'
I FOURTEENTH. 7Ct) — 3 sunny furnished house-
¦ keeping rocn-.y. J
I HOWARD. 2CS1 — Sunny furnished suite, com- j
• plet* fcr housekeeping; 512; adults. 1
___ . .
• JACKSON, 941—2 or 3 kouffekeepln? rooms.
j JE?SIE, .123 — Large front room; furnished for I
hourekeeping; gas range, cct; $4 week. [
JESSIE. .1^3 — Large sunny front room; fur- 1
ni*h-d: housekeeping; gas range: $3 SO week.
JESSIE, COT — To let, 4 and 2 sunny rooms;
I fumlcbed for housekeeping; witfi gas.
KENILWORTH. cor. Buth and Powell— Thrfe-
j room eunny apartment*: steam heat;cen. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1S40 Pine—
Eusny, furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN. 418 — Nice pleasant sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; large yard. ,
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat*
ir»f. — 8nltes snd sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms; .
also one single room; no children.
MISSION. 2758 — Two furnished aunny rooms or
housekeeping. 912.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let: all locations.
Phone Clay S96.
NINJ7TEENTH. S475. Mission warm belt—
Nicly furnl«bed room; housekeeping; gaa,
bath
NINETEENTH. 3473.nr. Valencia} warm belt— 2
nicely fur.front rooms ;housekeeplng;gas,bath.
OAK. 117. 533 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
t5 to *>2: «»i ranse. hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407— Month. . $4 and IS; sunny, clean.
I quiet and respectable. Call 6 to 7 p. m. only.
j OAK GROVE ave.. 19 — Housekeeping rooms,
alngle and double; everything new; also large
front parlor; ras; bath; laurdry.
SACRAMENTO. 1CC5— Three unfurnished front
rcoms; hay window; running water; gas and
bath.
ECOTT. 300. northeast corner. Page — Two
newly furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms;
I take Halght-st. car to Scott; quiet, respect-
I able celrhborhood.
! STEINER. 1529—2 or 3 furnished room*, with
• u*e cf kitchen.
THE Virginia. 1005 Powell — Furnished or un-
furnished bay-window aultes, complete for-
hous«ki*cpiny: gaa range; also alngle.
APABTMEITT H0XT3ES.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson at — Modern 3-4-5
rfotr.n: furn. or unfur.: refa. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Porn, and TJnfarn. '
A— WOLF HOUSE. 8. W. cor. Sixth* and
Howard — Modem apartments, single rooms,
etc.. from C5c to |1; rates by tbe week or
month. 1
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
2Sc to $1 per night. SI 25 to $5 per week and j
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. i
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market Bt. (cr No. 1 '
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c. COc. SI. SI 50 night;
%l la to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en- |
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights: running: water in every room; 200 !
roomn; 25c to 50c per night; SI 25 to $3 week. •
EDDT, 3, corner Market and Powell — Suites and I
single rooms; fine view Market- at. Illumlna- j
Uona. !
EDDY, 432— Elegantly furnished parlor suite; i
other rooms; choice location; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 323 — Large front parlor, with all
comforts, for 2 gentlemen.
: — :
FOLSCM. S34 — Eunny room with gas store. J
FRANKLIN. 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur- j
niched front rooms, suitable for two. $10. •
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phone
Clsy 896. i
GEART. 660 — Nicely furnished, sunny, bay- •
window front, room; piano; suitable for two '
or three. j
GOLDEN GATE ave., 521. near Van Ness —
Furnished front suite; reasonable; others. 1
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c !
to\$l 25 night; $1 M to $6 wk.: readlng-rm. j
HOWARD, 7C4, near Third— Furnished room*.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low j
ratec; 25c to SI day and $1 25 to $5 week. '
— —^— — — — —^— — — —^— _____ 1
HOWARD, 822 — 2 suites housekeeping rooms; |
also single. . j
HOWARD, S56 (Eureka House) — Large coxn-
; fortatle furnished rooms.
HOWARD. IC00 — Furnished aunny front rooms;
gas; $2 up.
HOWARD. 160S— Nicely furnished sunny j
rooms; running water: reasonable.
HTDK. 112C — Nice, eunny fur. room; modern
conveniences: Eiiltable for ooe or two; reas.
LARKIN. 40S— Parlor suite for 4 to 6 visitors;
first-class private bouse.
LEAVENWORTH. 1039. between California
and Pine — 5 rooms and bath.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms,
hot. cold water, elevator;wlndowa for parade.
MCALLISTER. 576, near Van Neas ave. —
Knights Templar, rooms single or en suite;
housekeeping; modern flat; walking distance.
MCALLISTER, 717 — Well furnished housekeep-
ing front parlors; rooms for K nights Tem-
plar; low rent. - ; J";"
MINNA. 663— Newly furnished rooms.
MISSION. 911%— Nicely furnished aunny front
room; also other rooms. «
MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— Furnished front
room for 2 adults; folding bed; no algn.
i MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— Small front room
for gentleman: $1 50 per week; no sign.
MISSION. 1549 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1754 — Visiting Knights may occupy
large room: 2 beds; private family; $1 50
a day.
MISSION. 2292— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 276S — To let. furnished rooms.
TAYLOR, 21 — Flrct-claaf suites and single
rooms; steam heat, hot and cold water; rea-
sonable. '
OAK. S52 — Newly furnished basement rvom;
rent IS.
OCTAVIA. 1157— Larce well-furnished room for
three young men.
OCTAVIA. 1157— Well-furnlihed rooms; gas;
bath; phone.
O'FARRELL, 1164 — Choice, exceptional accom-
modations for visiting Knights; suites of 3 or
more rooms; also double and single rooms.
PAGE, 84— Furnished rooms.
PINE, C44 — Fine sunny rooms; cheap; suitable
for two gentlemen.
PINE. 1733 — Nicely furnished room; light,
sunny; bath, phone, etc.; reasonable.
POST. 217— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite, for conclave visitors; reasonable.
POST. SS9 — Large furnished front room; run-
¦ nlpg water; fo^- 1 or 2 gents; referencea.
# .. - .
R1TCH, 230 — 2 eunny front rooms . to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— Neat and very aunny
rear room; private family; gentleman.
SACRAMENTO.' 1642— A : aunny hall room" In
private family - for . gentleman.
ECOTT. 251— Nice sunny suite of rooms dur-
ing conclave.'.
SHOTWELL. C55 — Nicely furnished sunny
rocms; private family.
STEVENSON. 774— Small furniahed room to
let. ,
SUTTER. 381 — The Larchmont, between Grant
«ve. an I Stockton at. — Central, convenient;
elegar.t rooms for conclave week:' rates $1 to
$i v»t <2ajv Cars direct from ferry. ' , ¦ ,
TENTH. \a— Large double room; centrally lo-
cated. ¦ > • I
LiRTHS—MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
iriall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of psr-
| soti3 authorized to have the same published.
j Notices restricted simply to the announcement
j of the event are published once in thla column
free of charge.
noit.v.
GILBERT— Tn this city, September 4.. 1904, to
' the wife of Robert J. Gilbert, a con. ;
JEWELL— In this city. September 3. 1004. to
the wife of Harry M. -Jewell, a ton.
LIVINCHENCI— In this city. September 5.
1904, to the wife or John Llvlnchencl. a son.
! SCIIEERER— In this city, September 5. 11)04.
to the wife of E. Scheerer. a daughter.
married"
CRITCHFIELD — ETHERIDGE — In this city,
September 8, 1904 by the Rev. II. A. Luck-
enbach, John F. Critchfleld and Rella Ether-
! ldgc. both of San Francisco.
DICKSON— CHRISTEN— In this city. Septem-
ber 6. 1004, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, Dr. Adam Tribe Ulckson and Eliza-
beth Christen, both of San Francisco.
HOFFMANN— DIERSSEN— In Cape Town,
'South Africa August 23, 1904 Karl F.
Hoffmann of Oakland and Adelaide M. Dlers.
sen of Sacramento.
HULSE— BEAL— In this city, September 3,
1904. by the Rev. H A. Luckenbach, Charles
L. Hulse and Georgia L. Beal. both of San
Francisco.
McKIBBIN— SORENSEN— In this city. Sep-
tember 6, 1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, George McKibbin and Mary Ann
Sorensen. both of Sacramento.
DIED.
Barrow, Ethel C. Lofstad Eliza
Beckwlth, Harry A. McDonald. Guy R,
Bennett. John Miller Edna M.
£innst Charlea H. Monni'er. George
deary. Nellie O'Connor, Catherine
Dance, Catharlna E. Pieraon, William M.
Denner. Peter Ranlett. Charles A.
Erland, James Romanl, Louis
Farnan, Mary J. Ross Lawrence Ik
Greenhow Margaret Tierney. Patrick
Jimenez, Lulsa H. Torres, Francisco
Johnson. Louisa C. -Vacilllo, Leon
Kllleen, John J. Van Housen. William
Kitchener, Eunice D Wegener Henry A.
Laraen. Inger C. C. Woodworth. Rev. Jaa.
Levy. Moie©
BARROW— In this city- September B. 1»W,
Ethel C. Barrow, wife of Eugene I* Barrow,
and sister of Laura A. Fox, a native of
California, aged 19 years and 12 days.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 m. from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, by
1 p. m. boat.
BECKW1TH— In this city. September 8, 1904.
Harry A. Beckwlth beloved" son of W. A.
and Nettle E. Beckwlth. a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 months and 18 days.
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, September 7; at 0:30 a. m.. from his
parents' residence, 2217 Twenty-fourth street.
BENNETT— lri this city. September 6. 1904,
. John, beloved husband of Annie Bennett,
¦ and father of John W.. Thomas A. and
George A. Bennett, a native of Ireland, aged
SI years 2 months and 12 days.
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at S:30 a. m., from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fell and Flllmore streets, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BINNS— In thla city, September B. 1904,
Charles H. Blnns. son of the late Davis S.
and Ellen L. Blnns, and brother of Mrs. J.
H. Sharpe. . a native of Canada, aged 23
years 0 months and 16 days.
E7Funeral private.
CLEART— In this city. September 5. 1904. Nel-
lie, beloved wife of T. J. Cleary. and mother,
of George, Timothy Howard and Raymond
Cltary, and sister of Thomas, Frank. George
and the late J. J. O'Connor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 0 months and 22
days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m. from her late
residence. 66* Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANCE— In thla city. September 4. 1904,
Catharlna E. C, beloved wife of R. W.
Dance, And sister of Maria Neergaard, a
native of Denmark, aged 45 years li months
and 7 days. A member of San Francisco
Temple, No. 11. Rathbone Sisters.
CFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11 a. m., at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1900
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six- I
teenth. Remains at her late residence, 523
Bryant street, between Third and Fourth,
until 8 a. m. Wednesday. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
Members of San Francisco Temple No. 11,
Rathbone Sisters, are respectfully notified to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Mrs.
Catharlna Dance, from the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission
street, to-day (Wednesday), at 10:30 a. m.
sharp. MRS. LEV. R. COPE. M. E. C.
MRS. EMMA SCHOLFIELD, M of R. C.
DENNER— In this city. September o 190*.
. Peter, dearly . beloved husband of Eleanor
Denner, and beloved father of /Peter Denner
Jr., a native of Hessen. Darmstadt. Ger-
. many, aged 72 years 8 months and 3 days.
A member of St. Peter's D. R. K., Unter-
stutzunxs Vereln.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 8, 1904, at 8:30 a. m. from his
late residence. 2S Heron street, off Eighth,
between Folsom and Harrison, thence to
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue,
between Leavenworth and Jones, where a
solemn requiem high mas3 will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ERLAND — In this city. September 5, 1901.
James Erland. beloved son of Peter A. and
Lena Hall, and brother of Mrs Georglna
Stler. Mrs. Lena Franklin, Phoebe Hall and
Mrs. E. R. Saulpaugh, a native of Eureka.
Humboldt County, Cal.. I aged 20 years > 8
months and 21 days. (Sacramento ! papers
please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednetday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 15 Lapidge street between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FARNAN — In this city, September 6 1901,
Mary Josephine (Phenle) Farnan. beloved
daughter of Joseph and Winnifred Farnan,
a native of Butte County, Cal.
GREENHOW— In this city, September 5 1904
Margaret B., beloved wife of Alexander m!
Greenhow. and mother of Agnes James and
William Greenhow. and sister of the lato
Robert Christie. Mrs. Andrew Calder, Mrs
/Thomas Riley and Mrs. David Duncan a
native of Montro?e, Scotland, aged 40 years
4 months and 1*3 days.
tE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from her late
residence. 2933 Lacuna street, corner of Fil-
bert. lntet>ient Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JIMENEZ— In this city. Lulra Hernandez da
Jimenez, beloved wife of C. F. Jimenez,
mother of Antonio, Carmellta and Klcardo
Jimenez, daughter of Josefa E; de Hetnan- '
«lez, sister of Airs. C. Moncesvals, and sister-
in-law of licntura. Jose. Llbrado and Vie- !
Jandro Jimenez, a native of Mazatlan Mtx- i
ico. aged 30 years.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day 1
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from her late resl- !
dence, 150C Leavenworth street, thence to
Spanish Church, where services will be held
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Nuahagak. Alaska. August "5
190-1. Louisa C. beloved wtfe of P. H John- '
son, and loving mother of Otte C. Johnson
a native of Sweden, aged 38 years. •
C7"Notlce of funeral • hereafter.
K1LLEE.V— In this city. September 3, 190J,
John Joseph, beloved husband of Lottie
KiUeen. and son of Hugh J. and the lato i
Annie Kllleen. and brother or Mnmie, Tes»ie I
und Maggie Kllleen and Mrs. Geo-ge I
Lyons, a native of San Francisco, aged SI
* years 11 months = and 1 day. A memb?r of
Golden Cate Lodge 'No.- 6G, O. P. I. A. (San •
Jose papers please copy.) |
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are re»n«c»
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daV
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty A Green 1171
: Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to Third and Townsend streets by
10:30 a. in. train. Interment Santa Clara. '
KITCHENER— In Oakland. September 6. 1804 I
Eunice D. Kitchener, . widow of the late C !
F. J. Kltchf-ncr. and mother of Ernest Ray- I
mon<i S. and Frederic Kitchener, a native of I
West Boylston. Mass.. aged Kt years. !
LARSEN— In this city September 4. 1 1.1C4 i
Ingtr C. C..- beloved .wife of the late J p
Larsen. devoted mother of Lauritz and M- i
fred Larsen. and sister of N..C. and C.P.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher;.
DANIEL P. -DONOVAN, ilgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln, School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers——
¦Formerly In < Metropolitan - Temple. j
v NOW at 8«fi MISSION. Tel South 167.
>Eetween Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest ' Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn.. -- Henry Hansen. I
JAMES- McGINN & CO.. I
. Formerly -With McGinn Bros. I
— — Funeral - Directors and; Embalmers I
- 214 Eddy st. Tel South 676. |
FREE. FREE.
PERFUMES.
• A 40-ccnt Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests because they
are
"Perfumes Made Where the
x Flo\«rs Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
KrAL ESTATE — COTJSTZT — Por Sale.
a <:. o'.7hcmk>oh~little money.
¦*. tuue* <>' b'.aok loam lanj. s. mated In t.;«
:-«.a.,i:s 1-»)»to VaUey. the celebrated apj..e
!*oaat»«C district of lb? western flotv. hac.n
i . .£ Cuurtj— 1W" aPPle ire.-, lair Newtuv.a .
"ii.,» ard BrfUfcwer. lira- coinmencinc t» .
;^V« .*!»: all Ids— e* earflen truck: .ra- j
;, jv«r'.i«nu consist of soocJ barn aa-1 dwelling, |
v>i weil rented: a ftr-arn runs throuch the:
?, cl v>, r ranhcr T-arlicularit tot «ale apply ;
OAFFJiT MAI ION. 11 Moatgon-.ery tt. '
A SURE INCOMC'RANCHO. j
100 «<re* of i-rime UnJ. E.tuated within R
tri>« of 2 rsflr'a.i stations. S. P. ar.d Sar.ta
FV-'Kern County: <•-> acres in paying fruit j
t-«s ba'.an-.e alfalfa; tood dwelling, tarns. |
<ic : '*'!l l<e sold cheap, as other busln?*s I
compel/ th- oWr £ "™' to ;**J" clt: : t^\
ply OAFFKT A MAHON. Real Lstste Agecta. ,
11 Montgomery «*. |
A~aolir~inif-fi— 110 acre? in the f«n:ous
<-TChanl faction of tbe Western Slope, Pajaru
Valley: within - miles of S. 1*. it. It.: i5
acres in «i'p!«"-\ 10 apr'rots. li French j
jjrunes". '- Uartlett pear?. 1 in chMTlei. 11 i
acres full-btarins vines: good house, winery,
barn, fruit house: 5tcck sheds; water p:yid j
to all buildings from a live spring.
GAFFEY & MAHON.
. 11 Mor.tcoraery gt.
SAir aiATEOJtSAl^ESTATE.^^^
LO»£ITa"paRK— On iine of fcan Mateo elec-
tric car*: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
us ; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the 6. P. Co.'a bay shore 'cutoff' j
m-jU Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered: SO-foot lota from J400 up;
terms, fait two subdivisions only *1« down
• nd 430 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot; pure arterlan well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
in two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to cecure a lot In th!a desirable section on
easy frmf; taks the electrla cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; mapa sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT. nODGERS A CO..
T*l Main 078. 116 California «t.
irXKT-O PAKK KEAL ESTATE.^
1200 PER acre— Two «-acre and one 4- acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
ro«d»: U«t cf this property left; cash.
Uen'.o Park— A nee country boaie. with
tj.rr.c'.-i ear3en and magnificent trees; well
fcuilt. do-faihioned house in good condition;
£or tale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks— Land in best part of this dis.
tret; well theltered and wooded; In Lracta of
from 4 to £5 acrec; cpecial terms to thos*
building lc:ir.e<3!ately.
EELBT. RODGERS A CO.. j
Te>phone Main ti73. 116 California at. ,
REAL ESTATE TO EZCKAUOE. !
BJEIXTX EXCHANGE COMPA.NT. j
p. A HARR MANAGER-
ELITE 607-SuS CALL BUILDING.
It ii fr^quentiy the case that a party wishes
ti tell his JioMir.fi> for the purpose of relnveM-
ir.s the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our : re experience in thin business enables
u« to cften accomplji»i this double purpose by I
orlj- cr.e transaction. The only condition we j
rr.ake It that your property. If you wish us to |
cUrose of It fcr you. MUST BK GOOD OF ITS 1
KIND ANI» IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't j
take up either cur time cr your own with I
wcrthlets offering, or property so heavily j
jEortsared as to leai-e r.o actual equity. j
If it has merit, whether you own real estate !
cr a mercantile or manufacturing business. ,
britg a description of ant to our office, stat-
ing what YAv.1 of property you prefer in ex-
charge, and you will be surprised how quickly
»* o«n «ffect <h* result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only roinpany in San Francisco making a
specialty cf aame. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
Cfft.
FINE hemrt la Oakland to exchanre for
ranch property. P. C LASSEN A CO., 466
Tcath >t,. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
AXAMEPA KEAX ESTATS.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER,
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
A!s:ost new 8-rocis house; fine marine rlew;
house lc thoroughly modern; porcelain bath,
etc.; cesient basement; $3000.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
The Lecdlnc and Reliable Agents.
14:2 PARK ST.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
17500— Rouse cf 12 roomt. southeast corner
Grand ct. and Alameda ave.; 75 feet on
Grand by 13S on Alameda ave.; also lot
in rear. 45 feet on Alameda ave. by
150 feet deep.
S22U0 — Two-rtcry house of 8 rooms and barn;
Mxl20. east tide of Sixth et.; SO feet
north cf Taylor ave.: 1434 Sixth at.
(3250 — Two-*tory house, couth line of Encinal
ave.. 14S feet east of Unlcn St.; 1812 En-
clr.al ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BEBKSI.ET EXAI. ESTATE.
ALBEE A CORYELL.
SPECIAL. BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Sl.COO— 5-r cotMi^e near cor. Aebby ave. and*
San Pablo; larce lot.
$1.150— o-r. cctuge; Delaware et.; $200 cash.
balance ;-.> rent.
tT.400— Zt-r. cottage near Ashby ave.; $500
t£«h easy terms en balance. i
$3,500— 7-r. house; new; sunny and central J
location; large lot; $500 cash, balance
as rent.
$1.0C->— S-r hcu**: new; Walnut at.; fronta
the bay; desirable location for a home.
$&,5<'iO — 10-r. hou*e: Bancroft way; couth
frontage; near U. C.
?7,500 — 10-r. house and barn; Durant ave.;
eouth frontage; large lot: best location.
$000 — Residence lot near station; street
work completed.
$2,400 will buy 80 ft.. 2 residence lots, on
Blekr st.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth; a
TTtl STSp!
$l.»0 buys lot. 50xl4S. Berry-Basga Tract;
most deslrjb'.e location.
$2,100 buys fir.e residence corner, fronting
«outh and eaat. In Berry-Bangs Tract;
a tercein!
T>i!d»-».ce lets in all parts of Berkeley.
*!4.ono — Business property; pays 6 per cent net.
S.':0.000 — Huslness property: pays 6 per cent n«t_
HvWf — Best available business lot in tbe city.
$23.000 — l>st available business corner in the
city.
ALBEE A CORYELU
CISfl Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
BARGAIN — S-room cottage; high basement;
bath; pantry: folding doors; mantel: bay
window: brick foundation; windmill and
tank; also stable and chicken-house; lot fiOx
100; fruit trre* end fluwer garden: close to
Key Route and S. P. stations; price $2<XS0;
terra* $250 ca*h. bal. $18 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lcrtn *ta.. S. Berkeley: open Sun.
XEW cottage. R rooms and bath, pantry, man-
tle, folding doors, china clcsct, high base-
ment, concrete foundation, bay window; dtv
water; lot 40x100; street work and sidewalks
done; close -to station. Key Route and E. P.;
Drice $2200; terms $150 cash, balance nam*
se rent. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln ftation.
South Berkeley: cpen Sundays.
BARGAIN— 5-room cottace; lot 30x100; nice
caiaen; good well; all fenced and cross-
feni*-d: clcae to station and electric cars;
price $300; terms if desired. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin station. South Berkeley; open
Sundays.
SNAPS in cottages and lots; ranches for sale
in Oakland and Fruitvale; also property for
rale asd exchange In any pai? of United
6tate«; call on me before buying elsewhere;
. no charge for conveyance to you to what we
have. L. BLODGETT. 1101 East Fifteenth
st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— $1600: 8-room house, well, barn,
rhlcken-bouse. to young fruit trees, lot 175x
207; ene block north of Ccrbin atatlon. West
Berkeley. Inquire of T. BEVIS. on the
premises.
TO RENTT
Xa the best part of town, fine corner house of
10 room*, basement «r.d attic; rent $C0 .
JOBEPH J. MASON. Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE ADV^SMXTS
TRXTTTVAXE ROOMS.
2 FTJRN1EHED housekeeping mis.; closet, pan-
try, bath. lcun..& yd. 1417 Fremont ar..Ftvle.
OAKLAND ADVERTS'MTS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAgLACT BEAL ESTATE.
1XJTB. LOTS. LOTS.
Only or.e block from Key roate station 40th
ct. and Ttltrrzph ave.: trains every twenty
trlnvtes; monthly round trip tickets $3; only
tiilny minuses* rjo> to San Francisco; no
¦t-ac&nt houw«i for rent
BICHAITO J. UONTGOMETtT.
Rec! nutate Accnt sr.d Owner,
Key Kcute Stamen. 40ih st. and Telegraph are.,
. Central Oakland.
O4KLAXD P UAH ITU RE TOE SALE.
TO-MORROW lie Ca.y 7'jr"torgtitic*^nr7urn|l
ture. H. Sche!iaa*.llth •t-.cor.stnra.Oakl&nd.
¦ Toft, Mrs. S. A. Beier and Miss Catherine
Toft, a native of Schleswlg. Germany, aged
"46 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully 'Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
*¦ day morning, September 7. at 11:15 o'clock,
in Martinez, en the arrival of the train leav- •
ing San Francisco at 9:36 a. m.. thence to
the Presbyterian Church, where funeral s?rv-
ices will ba held. Interment Martinez, Cal.
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Peterten.
228 McAllister street.
LEVY— In this city September 5, 1904, Molse.
beloved husband of Leone Levy, devoted
¦father of Jennie Levy, and brother of Gabriel
Levy of Signal. Ariz., a native of Alsace,
aged 52 years C months and 6 days.
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m.. fyom his late res! v
tlence, 845 Hayes street, thence by ll:r,0
a. m. train to Home of Peace Cemetery for
interment. ,
LOFSTAD— In this city, September 5. 1504.
Eilza, wife of J. N. Lofstad. and mother of
Mrs. H. R. Brown and Arthur. George and
,AustIn Kanzee. a native of New Tork, aged
09 years and 11 months.
E7Funeral private.
McDONALD— In this city. September 5. 1904.
Guy Russell, beloved son of Guy and Emma
McDonald, and brother of Florence and
C'aire McDonald, a native of San Francisco, ,
aged 10 years 4 months and 13 days.
MILLER— In this city. September «. 1904.
Edna May Miller, daughter of K'.din and
Margaret Miller, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 days.
MONNIEH— In this city. September 4. 1904.
George Monnler, beloved husband of Annie
Marie Monnler. father of George Monnter,
brother of Pierre Monnier and Mrs. Caritey.
and uncle of Mrs Williams, Mrs. Collins.
Octavia Doud Madeline Sophie, George and
the late Edward Monnler Mrs. Laura En-
ders and Mrs. Kriner, a native of France,
aged 68 years 4 months and 16 days.
CTFuneral Wednesday, September 7. 1004,
at 9:30 a. m.. from his late residence. 2310
Folsom street, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame des Victolres. Bush street, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
a. m. Interment private. Please omit
Cowers.
O'CONNOR— In thla city September 6. 1904,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Maurice
O'Connor, and loving mother of Bryan,
Maurice. Margaret and Timothy V. O'Connor,
a native of Castle Island. County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 42 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 422 Katoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PIERSON— In this city. September 4. 1904.
William M.. husband of Anna R. Plsrson,
and father of Lawrence H. and Fred H.
Plerson. and brother of Mrs. Alfred K. Dur-
brow and Joseph T. Plerson, a native of
Ohio, aged 62 years and 7 months.
CFuneral services will be held Wednes-
day, September 7, at 11 a. m.. at hts late
residence. 2214 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
RANLETT — Lost overboard at eea. -near Syd-
ney. New South Wales, July 25, 1904. from
steamer Medic, Charles Augustus, dearly be-
S loved son of Colonel H. D. Ranlett. and
brother of Arthur G. Ranlett. a native of
Oakland. Cal., aged 28 years and 6 months.
(Boston. Mass.. papers please copy.)
ROMANI— In this city. September 4, 1904,
Louis Romanl, beloved nephew of Mrs. Te-
resa Romanl, and cousin of G. Fontana.
Luis and Stella Roman! and Mrs. Annie
Ferronl, a native of Italy, aged 22 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., from Druids'
Hall, 2131 Mission street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Monteverde
Grove No. 128, U. A. O.' D. Remains -at
parlors of Valente. Marinl A Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Italian Cemetery.
ROSS— 'In Auburn. Cal., September 4. 1904,
Lawrence- L. Rosa, beloved son of A. V. and
E. W. Ross, and brother of Mrs.'D. M.
Collyer of 1714 West Twelfth street. Oak-
land, a native of Missouri, aged 47 years.
TIERNET — In Oakland. September 6, 1904,
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Mary
Tlerney, and father of Timothy and Annie
Tlerney. Mrs. Margaret Sullivan and the late
John. Martin and Patrick Tlerney, a native
of Ireland, aged 72 years.
TORRES— In thla city. September 6. 1904,
Francisco Torres, beloved father of Mrs.
George C. Weir and Mrs. J. R. Gallardo.
and grandfather of Eva Carmeltta Torres
and Bertha, Paul and Blanche Gallardo. a
native of Lima. Peru, aged 87 years 11
months and 2 days.
E7Notic6 of funeral In to-morrow's papers.
VACILLIO— Passed away. September 4, 1004,
in the 49th year of his age. Leon Vacilllo, a
native of Samoz, Greece.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors
of McAvoy A Co.. 1239 Market street, thence
via electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero atreets. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ¦ ; '
VAN HOUSEN— In Hilton. Sonoma County.
Cal.. September 6. 1904, William, beloved
husband of Mary L. Van Housen. and father
of Marlon Van Housen and Mrs. C. A.
Gregory, a native of New Tork. aged 75
years.
WEGENER— In Avalon, Catalina Island, Sep-
tember 5, 1904, Henry A. Wegener,. beloved
husband of Mollle Wegener. father of Ad-
dle Wegener. eldest son of Mrs. Louise
Wegener. and brother of Mrs. John A. Kos-
ter and Fred C. Wegener. a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years 7 months and 14
days. .
WOODWORTH— In this city. September 3.
19C4, Rev. James Woodworth a native of
Kingston, Miss., aged 75 years S months and
Z days.
EyFriends are Invited to attend the
funeral services Wednesday. September 7,
at 1:30 p. m., at Trinity Prebyterian
Church, corner of Twenty- third and Capp
streets. - Remains at chapel of N. Gray A
Co.. 353 Sutter atreet. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
CIATION— The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Wednesday, at 9
a. m.CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Cash quotations were as
follows Flour,- dull and easier; No. 2 spring
whsat $1 10*?l 15:--No. -3. $1 02@l 11; No., -2
red,- '$1 0. r »V>@l "6%; No. 2 corn, 53%c; No., 2
yellow. 54 %{j T55 }ic; No- 2 oats. 31%c; ' No.' 2
white. 32%©33%c; No. 3 white. 31%®32%c;
No..2.rye, WV-c; good feeding barley, 37@3Se;
fair- • to choice malting, ' 44@50c ; ¦ No. ; 1 ¦ flax
seed $1 1&%: No. 1 Northwestern. $126%;
mesa pork, per bbl. $10 80#10 00: lard. • per
100 lbe, - $7@7 02% ; short ribs aides (loose),
$7 20@7 80; short clear sides (boxed), $8 12%@
8 25; whleky, baels of high wines, $1 28; clo
ver, contract grade, $12gl2 15.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
.Flour, barrels'. .....: 21,300 17.000
Wheat.- bushels ,.'....... V. . 210,000 38.000
Corn, bushels:. ....... .861,000 460.000.
Oats, 'bushels- ..V. ...*.:. ...444,600 •¦ 83,600
Rye, -bushels.-.. •••• 21,000 ¦': 9,700
Barley, bushels ....;..'....' 47.100. 11,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Everything under this head Is firm except
Prunes and Raisins. Peaches and Apricots
are fractionally higher and Pears are from
lc to 2c higher for all grades. The demand
for all these descriptions is fair with the
market decidedly. In favor of sellers. Prunes
and Raisins are weak, . with persistent re
ports of cutting by sellers to effect sales. Nuts
rule firm at the high prices, "with the demand
good, and the outlook promising. Honey is no
higher, but , it firmly held, and the demand
seems to be improving somewhat.
•FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%@9%e for
Royals and Off 12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
5%(57c; Peaclws. 0V»<n8%c per lb: Pears. «%@
12c; Plums, pitted. 0«J6%c for black. 1 7%fffS%c
f6r -red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs 2-crown
bricks, 52%c: 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown 65c; 6
crown, 75c; bulk white 3*4@3Hc: black, 4c
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c per lb "
PRUNES— 1%©2c per lb for the four sixes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscatels 3-crown.
3c; 2-crtwn. 2%c; Malaga. loose. 3-crown.
2%c; T 2-crown. - ZUc: seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2 Vic; Seeded Raisins, 18-oz
cartons, fancy* 4%c; choice, 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3% c; choice. 3%e per lb. I
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell 13%<ni4c:
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13«13%c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c; Almonds. 16017c for new
Nonparlels, 14@14%c for I X L. 13®14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea
nuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans, 21$13c: Co
coanuts. $4 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb. ll%®nc for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%??
6%c; light amber extracted. 5^Qc; dark. 3<fJ
J3EESWAX— 27©29c per lb. "
Dried Frnits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Provisions.
California Hams and Dry Salted . Pork are
%c higher. Otherwise there are no changes
in quotations. The . market continues, quiet
The. Chicago market Is still reported draa-xlnr
CURiSD MEATS — Bacon., lie per lb for
heavy lie for light medium. 18%c fw light
i4c for extra light -and 17c for- sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. lOtfc; Bellies. ll%c-
Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c; Mess Beef. $10^10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $llftU-W>; Family. $12©12 60
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $51'
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10!4c- Pig Pork'
$2«; PlK»* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef? 14c per lb
; LARD— Tierces quoted at «%c per lb for
compound, and 9%c • for pure; half- barrels,
pure, 0%c: 10-lb xins. IOttc;-ft-ib Una. lfltte:
3-lb tins, lOV-c. )
COTTOLENE— One half barrel 8?ic- three
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. )\. hat * lth current holidays and the
holding off. of buyers for a better -run. of th«
fall clip the Wool market its. very quiet here
at the moment, but It Is . expected to revive
during . the next ten . days/. Growers- are very
firm and conditions are . In their favor
The situation in Hops remains about the
same. Trading Is light, as the growers are too
busy; getting in their crop to attend, to the
market. The feeling continues firm.- Late mall
advices "from New York say of foreign crop
prospects: "English cable advices " continued
to I report poor crop prospects I for the English
'crop , : and .-. reduced -. estimates ¦ to 340.000 cwt.
There; was also a report of a severe storm in
Belgium but . It was not stated whether or not
It had damaged the .Hop crop. German cable
advices .were received saying that the German
market was due to the German -Hop
crop coming; down -somewhat.- heavier than-ex-
I 11 1 1 " ~ 1 Ji~ JTlTp ' I ¦iiWill ~J' Jtilli 1 riissjMjiULsjCj 1 J
- A number . of * variations la^ Hides appear.
Light Steers and heavy Cows are lower.' Stags
At the start the wheat market was decidedly
weak, the December option being down *ic to
%c to ' /S @lc at $1 05% to $1 06%. The Initial
decline was due to general selling, with only
a moderate demand.- Lower cables, heavy
world's shipments and liberal receipts in the
Northwest were the influences that brought on
the selling pressure. Heavy offerings by an
influential operator was a feature of the early
session. Pit traders' were apparently discon
certed' by the action of the big holders, and
the • re*ult was quite free profit- taking. Be
fore the ' declining tendency could be checked
December sold oft to '$105%. During the day
reports'- were received from Minneapolis to the
effect that rains in the Northwest were much
more general than indicated by the Weather
Bureau reports. These advices tended to check
the' downward trend of price's. The weekly
Government report also was bullish, the claim
being made that wet weather had interfered
with harvesting and had injured the grain in
shock in Minnesota. In North Dakota dam
age by rust and smut was becoming more pro
nounced. A partial confirmation ot these ad
vices was the strength at Minneapolis. Dur
ing the last hour of trading most of the early
loss was regained on covering by* shvrts, De
cember advancing to $1 06?«. The market
closed firm with December at'$l O0%@1 06%.
Corn closed firm at about the best prices
of the day. December opened %t»%cto %@%c
lower at 5038t«51^4c, sold between 50%c and
51%@BlTsC and closed at 51-fic.
Oats held steady within a small range. De
cember opened unchanged to %c lower at 33c
to 'M%c, ranged between 32%&32 1 j8C and 33% c
and closed at 33c.
¦ Owing to a break in the ranks of the strik
ing stock yards employes there was more snap
to trading in provisions than had- been mani
fested for some time. The market was firm
early, but eased, off on realizing sales. At the
cloEe October, pork was down 12 %c, lard was
off 2%@5c and ribs were. up 2%c.
The leading futures ranged aa follows
Articles — Open. . . High. Low. . Close.
Wheat No.' 2 —
May ........ 1 08% 1 09 1 07% 1 08%
Sent , old.... 1 05% 1 Oti»/g 1 05 1 00%
S*i>t;, new .. 1 O3',i 1 02% 1 03%
December ... 1 0C% M 06% 105% 106%
September 5 - ."."" B2% ' 53% 52% 53*,
December... 5H4 ¦ 51 % 50% 61%
May 49% \49% . 48% 49%
Oats No. 2 — ¦
September .. 31% 31% 31% • 81 *i
December... 33% . 33% .32% 33
May ........ 35% 35% S5% 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl — , • .
September ..11 00 1100 10 72% 10 80
October .....11 12% 11 17% 10 85 10 92%
Jamiary .....12 60 12 60 12 40 12 52%
Lard • cer 100 lbs —
September . . »S 02%. 6 07% ' 6 92% 6 97%
October .. ... l 7 15 '7 15 7 02% 7 07%
January 7 17% 7 17% 7 02% 7 10
Short' ribs, per 100 lbs— .
85KSRS?:?i:i- ;*«« ts^ lii*
January .... 6 62% 6 C2% .6 50 6 67%
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Heavy liquidation, to
gether with lower cables and - increased ship
ments from foreign countries, caused weakness
in wheat here to-day. Late in the day a- re
vival of damage reports from the Northwest,
however,- nearly ofTs.it these bearish influences,
the -December delivery closing, with a loss of
only ' %c. Corn was a shade higher. ' Oats
were off, %c.*-" Provision* ( Gftre~7%c~hlgher to
17%c lower, • ' / "• .. .. . .'
Future Grain and Provisions.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. SI 50® t 75 per
box for Valencias ; Lemons, $2 23 ff 2 75 for
fancy. $1 25©1 75 for choice and $101 25 foV
standard; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexican Limes,
$4 5C@5 per case;.. Bananas. $1 2i<82 per
bunch for Central American and 75cgSl 25 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples.' $2@4 per dozen.
A holiday feeling prevailed In the market for
fresh fruits and dealers who kept their stores
open all day were hardly paid for their trouble.
There was some activity at the opening, but It
was ot short duration, as buyers filled their
wants quickly. Offerings of all 'description*
were liberal and quotations showed but little
change from Saturday's closing prices. A Con
siderable, portion of the day's receipts arrived
late In the day and had to b» held over. ;--*.
STRAWBERRIES— $2©4 per chest for large
varieties and $5ft<5 for small Berries.
BLACKP.ERRIES-^-$2«3 60 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6@» per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8€9c per lb,
APPLES— $1 10&1 50 per box for fancy, S5c
<fi$l for choice and 50®75c for common; Crab
Apples, nominal.
PEARS — Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box; Winter
Nellis. 00c@$l 25; other winter varieties. 5Q@
75c per box.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 50<g90c; carriers.'
4iV«60c; open boxes. $1 25<gl 50 for large and
50'iiSr.c for small. .
, PLUMS- AND .PRUNES— 60©S5c per crate,
and 3."fS5Oc per Email; box: open boxes, 75c@$l.
NECTARINES— Nominal.
QUINCES— 33@50c per box.
FIGS— Black. 50@75c for small and $1 25®
1 50 for large boxes; White. 35<&50c per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate;
Nutrseg Melons, 33660c per box; Watermelons,
$2 50@3 per dozen for extra large and $1 25€2
for ordinary.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seed
less. 35® 50c: Tokay. 6Cg7oc; Muscat, 40S"5c:
Isabella. 60690c; Black. 25ig50c; Sweetwater.
33@40c. Large open boxes — Black." 50®75o; To
kay. $1@1 25: Muscat. 75c@$l; Sweetwater.
50i@75c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' . . 1 < • •
"All quotations remain as before.' The mill
ers report a * fair average movement In all
classes of goods. .'.: -¦.•. ..,
FLOUR— California Farrilly Extras. $4 803
5 10, usual "terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70© 5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85<34 25
per bbl.' -p.'- .. •¦ v
MILLSTUFFS— Prices tn packages are as
follows :.". Graham Flour. $325 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. ' $3 ; Rye Meal. * $2 75 ; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do $3 60;
Oat Meal, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat "Flour.-. $4; ". Cracked
Wheat, " $3 50; ; Farina. - $3 -75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 W>; Rolled Oats. bbla. $6 50<®7 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley $5; Split Peas,
boxee $5 CO; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
"WHEAT FREIGHTS— While the shipowners*
combine is still- holding out. for 22s 6d for
Wheat and 23s Od for Barley, outside ships |
can be obtained for 20s. usual European op- j
tlons. to arrive. There is very little doing on ;
the spot. The . chartered Wheat fleet in port j
has a registered tonnage of 20^430. against
3,260-tons on the same date last yt-arj-disen- \
gaged, »3.7OO tons, against S6.C00; on the |
way to this port.. 227,000 tons, against 305,370. j
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were 1
both lower. The world's Shipments last week
were as follows, in quarters: - Russian, 459,- I
000:'Danubian, 96,000: Argentine. 133.000; In- 1
dian. 199,000; Australian, 50.000.
Chicago declined from $1 06?i to $1 05% [
and closed . at $1 06%. Mlnneapdic reported I
good buying, but the Northwest sold December j
at Chicago. '„ '
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
said' "It was a very Irregular' mar
ket Liverpool was sharply lower on
large, world's shipments - and Increased j
Russian offerings. . This made ¦ a weak 1
opening here and the prevailing tone was, heavy
until later in the day. when it turned strong, !
and most of the deciina -was regained. It was ,'
a natural reaction after three 'day;* break, j
There waa a revival of Northwest damage •
complaints, which were confirmed by the weekly
Government report. They not only maintain
previous estimates of damage,- but say the
Injury has - Increased and new estimates of
the crop will be necessary. - The whole' situa
tion is sensational *nd hardly favorable .to a
continued bear market, but of course it will
depend or» the volume of Northwestern move
' ment as to stocks accumulating rapidly or not."
In this market there .was nothing - doing.
The Exchange was almost deserted, owing to
the Knights Templar, parade, and the day was
practically a holiday. '.- Futures were from l@2c
lower, but recovered somewhat as the day. went
. on. - Cash quotations remained unchanged. .
*r CASH WHEAT.
California Club, ' ' $r-40@l 48 X ; California
White Australian, $1 5501 61U; Northern
Club. $1 40@l 48%: Northern Bluestem. $1 52%
@1 60 per ctl.
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to ll,:30 a. m. «V
. Open. High. Low. *Close.
i December ..$147 ;g $148 $1 46", $1 4S
2 p. m. Session.
•.'•'Open. High. Low. Close.
December" V.$l 47% $1 43 $1 46% $1 48
BARLEY — Trading was almost . completely
suspended owing to the Templar parade and,
though futures were weaker, the cash grain
: remained unchanged. There was a sale of
: choice bright Feed at $1 08%.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 05@l OS-%; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%&1 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%Q1.30
per ctl. " .*
... . «¦ FUTURES.
Session 9, to 11 :30 a. m.
'.0; l ' : ' Open. ¦-. High. v Low. * Close.
December ...$1 08% $1 0S% $1 08% $1 US%
. '. 2 p.. m. Session. • -. '
. December— $1 .08%. ' ; -¦,
OATS— Quotations were unchanged ,' yester
day and there was little life on 'Change ow
ing'tp the Templar parade. • There was one
round sale, however, of 4000 sacks, which re
deemed the market from utter stagnation. -Con-*
dltions' remain as before stated. The market
continues in very fair shape for sellers.
• White. $1 37Vi61 47%: burprise, $1<5O®1 60;
Red. $1 22%®1 42% for feed and $1 37%@
1 47% for seed; Black, $1 3U@1 35 for feed and
$1 51>@1 65 for seed. - . , - ,
CORN — Quotations bontlnue as before. . with
dealers reporting the market, dull. Supplies
ar« sufficient for the light demand. ' -.--..
"• Western sacked. $1 45@1 50* for Yellow and
White and $1 45@1 47% for, Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 50^1 57%; small round do.
$1 55®1 62%; White, nominal; Egyptian. $1 35
@1 45 for White and $1 25® 1 'M for Brown.
RYE— Rules firm, with a fair demand at
$1 30@l 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
. - . ¦ ¦ "
' Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver* was tower and there wwe slight fluc
tuations in Exchange.
LOCAL.-
Sterllng Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables" — 4 88»i
New York Exchange, sight .....". — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Sliver per ounce *.- — . 5*>*i
Mexican Dollars ... i ............ 44% @ 45
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico . . • ." 216
Berlin on London 20.43%
Paris on London' 25.24
Exchange and Bullion:
LOCAL MARKETS.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW TORK. Sept. 6.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, ' September 3, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: "Wheat, 12.S14.000 bushels; ' -- increase,
826,000. Corn, 3,987,000 bushels; increase. 89,
000 bushels. . Oats. 9,856,000 bushels; increase,
31,770. Rye, 901,000 bushels; decrease, 430,000.
Barley. 98,000 bushels; increase," 9000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Business was almost - suspended yesterday
and .the day. was virtually a holiday, as the
store* closed from the middle of the forenoon
to the middle of the afternoon on account of
the Templar parade. Hence there was noth
ing new to report in anything. There will be
another holiday on Friday — Admission day — so
the week'will be pretty — ' cut up. Condi
tions remain as before stated.-
Receipts were »'0.:>uo id* —utter. 714 cases
Egjrs and 4100 lbs Cheese..
BUTTER — Creamery at ". first hands, 25U@
26%c for extras and 24@25c for firsts; dairy,
}9O2ZKc: *tore Butter loiglSc; Eastern cream
ery. 19%@20c; Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15%c
per lb.
CHEESE— »@9%c for choice mild new and
8@8%c for lower grades: Young Americas, HO
ll%c; Oregon. S® 10c: -Eastern. lOQloc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 34<335c for large white se
lected. 32%«?.'!3%c for choice an* 30@32c for
common; cold storage' 27©28c; store. 23@27c;
Eastern. 2u@27c for firsts. 21623c for seconds
and 20&21c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
From th« Crop Bulletin. Catted States De
ri:tm»xt of Apricu'.ture. Washington, D. C,
Ua tefk «nd<>d August 22. 1D04:
Reports indicate a general ecarcity of apples
tn th* :.'-.-..» Atlantic State* and central val-
Urs. but la New England. New Tork and the
Lki.e 1 „ . . the outlook is rr.or* favoruble. a
M<xyS crop bring promised in the two last
Mentioned districts.
New England — High winds damaged apples
•wmuwhai, bui crop will be good and cf ex
c*1!«-nt quaKty; other fruits uneven and gen
erally below average.
J»ew "V'ork — Apples and crapes promising, but
peaches arid pf-ars Uctit.
New Jersey — Bart>tt and Kieffer pears full
crop; ouilock for winter apples less than cne
.bs!f ivmg».
Prnnyj l»anla — fVaches scarce; apples fa.tr;
c-. • . fruila 1 -• r.i.f-.l.
idirj.tnc and Delaware — Grapes average;
latfs ns'pica fair.
V:rj-u;ia — Apples scarce; grapes rotting.
North Carolina — Fruit crop *hort.
Florida — Cirruy fmlts ne«-d ra.in.
Arr.k.-r.t — Aj'ples and peaches dropping; ap
pl'-» j remise lair croj-; peaches fair to good.
Kcctuck:' — Api>>» dropping and will be poor
en.;-; ptaches better than expected, but very
• irTtK-lur.
Vk'atfclr*".on— H"ps euffering for rain; light
cr*.> rxix-cted. but quality good; vermin ap
pearing; picfcir.g will coramer.ee m twowtcks.
Or»^aa— Apple*, jk aches. . plums and black
rxsrnes plentiful; prunes and peas* light to
Jajr. • - -. .
A!ls^o•Jri — Apples poor; peaches and other
fruits fair.
lKij. - — ''..-..« and grapes plentiful; apples
•scarce.
Ir.cmna— Apple and pear crops light to fair;
riurrs abundant.
We*t Virginia, — Large crop of plums; grapes
fair; jx+vhe* rather lirht; apples somewhat
<:.::£!¦¦-] :v hail and high ninds.
«»hio— Peaxs fair; grapes good.
: : 1 :• — Ar>t4e« and plums continue prom-
Js.n*.
W:s»oratn— Dajaa«e to cranberries by frost
August 6 e*t!aat»-d at 50 per cent.
Iowa— Harly ajple crop heavy, with smaller
>i«ld of ... t varieties.
Ksnfaa — Apples good in many counties, poor
Is others.
JSaao — Fraft and ration ehipping active. •
irolorm'lo— Fruit prospects excellent.
' Ntw llexico — Fruit more plentiful; large
Bhipmerts from Ean Juan Valley.
The Weather and Crops.
The meekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
of the climate and crop service of
-. «¦ Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL fl'MMABT.
Generally clear and warm weather prevailed
throughout the fcteie during the week, with
t.^h te.-r.pcri.VJie et the close. Fogs were
frequent m the r-jart districts. The recent
rains In the foothills and mountains of Cen
t:el end Southern Caiiiornia have materially
|:!«Teased the *upply of water for irrigation
yarposw.
Grapea fcav» ripened rapidly under favorable
conditions fir.d harveft is veil under way in
all sectlccs:- Rale in making is progressing, the
*lrerie» ai» in operation end large quantities
c: table grm-pes are going 10 market. The ln
tlcations at present are that the raisin crop
will te oo« of the largest in recent years. A
KooO crcp of prunes is i>eing gathered, but
.th* "yield In some . places Is dleappolrtini?.-
Frult dryics; t« crarinc completion. Nearly
• 11 varteUee of dt<ciduous fruits have yielded
less than- the average, though in some sec
tions there has bten a bountiful crop of
p»arhe«. plums, apn.-xits and pears. The
•¦-.• t > cror> is below - average in yield ar.d
<;u«lity. Citrus fruits are in good condition
In tfce Porten-iIIe and Ororille districts, but
*r* not doing co well . In the routh, where It
Is said the crop will be very light? Walnuts
•isd almonds are thrifty and almond harvest
Is in progress.
Grain ar.d hay harvesting is practically com
pleted and r :.:: rr.« rt* are being made. Hops
*r» yielfllnr an excellent crop. Beans are be-
Inw averase in the southern districts, but a
good .crrp Jn the north. Supar beets ar* above
avtrare In yield and quality. .
gACKAMKNTO VALLEY.— Clw weather
prevailed most of the week, with hit* tem
peratur* at the rl O s;c. Conditions were very
favorable f ot fruit doing, acd the warm
weather rauw>d a rapid- ripening of the grape
crop. Grei* picking Is progressing rapidly
sn4 heavy tbir-mrnts ere being made- to- the
«-iii*j-Je» ar-1 markets. In many places ¦ the
jifia is rcportrd the largest for several years
and the crapes ore of better quality than
usual. ¦ Peache* and pears, are nearly all
fathered and rrunes are coming in freely
Prunes sre yielding nearly a full crop In
•'.ra# sections and about two-thirds the aver
•W in other, placet; the fruit is gene-rally •of
«»c«U*nt. quality. Almonds are yielding a fair
<tci|>> in mmt sections and light in others.
C.trus fruits are in excellent condition. Hop
puking and baling continue; the crop Is large
Bad the quality excellent. The grain and hay
cror>i are under cover and some shipments are
ij< .-; made.
COAST ANI> BAT SECTIONS.— The weather
v*e cenerally c>»r and warm during the
*"«ek *it'-ept on the northwest coast where
h»avy toe* prevailed. The temperature was
h-rh In the central and southern' districts
r.*srly all thp we*k, causing a rapid ripening
of -fruits-and crapes. fVult drying and grape
pleking er» pro«r*>Fg;ng. The prune crop is
rfjxTted lightfr than expected - and peaches
are b«-!ow *\er*et in acme places. Graphs
are yielding an unusually large crop in nearly
r>:i f«cUnp.i. ' The second crop cf figs is ripen
ln«* at Clpvertale. Citrus fruits. ' walnuu and
almonds are in good condition. Hop -picking
Is in prorrees in San Benito and Bonoma
counties; the yield and. quality are very good.
Hesr. harvest has commenced - in San - Luis
OMspo County and the crop is reported lirtter
tl.sm Ia»t season's. Bran canning la prozress-.
1T4C lu Lake <iour;ty, where the crop i« large
Thv'hay-crop is nearly all . baled , and- the
grain crop is dleposed of. Hay has yielded the
beet.trop for several years, but grain is below
• verage. ' ••-¦ , .
BAN 7OAQCLN- VALLEY.— The clear. w*rm
*-eatlwT durtnrthe week- was very beneficial.
t» latetnuu end raisins. Fruit drytnr and]
Fruit Crop Report.
The rrirsse virt% cf E. F. Hutton & Co.
from N*w York j-erterday faid:
•'August B<.lnor.t will meet an organized la
bor delegation in ht» banking ornce this after
noon. It If the third conierence they have had
tn two lwkii and will b<» a mixture of politics
»n<1 hutine**. • • -
•'The \vyand"tte Ccrper Company has levied
taififjiwnt of $1 r<T ehare, payable Octo
ber I.V
"Gr«at «renr?Ji tras prevalent in almost every
Issue to-day. -There fernird to be no good Bell
ing 'and ptres s 'ared at closing at the hiehest
prices cf this movement. Prices cloced firm at
the UBu The Iartre«t csipitalisls and market
Jr.ter»«ts who ar^ b«-h!nd the bull movement
•re BXta Inclined to disr»>c»rd any unfa\t>rable
tieA-elopmcrts and- it is evidently the intention
to rut prices etill higher, with -cr without sup
port from the public. The speculation broad
ened very materiaily and was well distributed
throughout the general railroad list. There was
very iltti* <lo:a« amone commission houses,
but all the brokprf and nrms in any way affll
ittvA with the various pools and big operators
had all the>- could do to handle the business
»hich »as dinnttutrd amnrig. tUcm during the
<!ay. Ta<» disposition of the generality of ope
rstcrs now is more tn favor of bullish manip
tiiation raiher-than bticklng the market, as
«:;ar.y tave te»n Cclag fcr the past fortnight."
IVall Street Tips.
and dry Calf are higher. Tallow Is now quoted
firmer at 4%c for the best Utr. 1.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy tatted
Steers, 10c; medium Dc; light. 8%o: . Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%e for light:
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, »%c; Salted Veal. l<Jc?-. .
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. l«He: dry Krp.
13c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. SZ&
4Oc each; short Wool. 40>365c eieh; medium.
75®90c; long Wool $101 80; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for Urge and $2$2 50 for medium. $1 25
©1 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horte Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Back Skins-
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 29c; dry .
Central American. 30c. Goat Skin*— Prime An
goras. 75c; extra large do. $1 25: largft and
smooth. 5Oc; medium. 35c; small, 20c. . «
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4%o per lb^^
No. 2. 3%c:' grease. 2%®3c»
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, 0911c; Southern. 839c; Southern Moun
tain. 9<311c; Middle Counties, free, 12@14c;
do defective. 10#12c; Northern free. 12®14£;
do! defective. 10@12c; Hnmboldt and Mendo- .
duo. 14415c -per ib. ¦ ¦-.¦-¦
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25$2Sc per Tk.
Meat Market.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs, both Uv> and
dressed, continue In ample supply and the mar
ket Is unchanged and featureless. Hogs, how
ever, are showing some weakness. -.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: \
' BEEF — ."i'QTc fcr Steers and 4 33c per lb
for Cows
VEAL— Large, 6@Sc; email. 889c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7fec; Ewes, 6*870
per lb.
LAMB— 8%«9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6®8c per lb. - -
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following Quotations are tor good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. less 50
per cent «hrlnkase for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7U®7%c; Cows and Heif
; ers. 6%66%c: thin "Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — ISl'.c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3S31io
I per lb- (gross weight).'
EAMBS- $2 5<)«2 75 per head.
I HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ¦ 200 lbs. -4\c:
200 to 230 lbs, 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%c;
over 250 lbs, 4Uc; soft Hcgs. not wanted:
h Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
I and Stags. 40 per cent off from abore quota
i tions.
\ General Merchandise.
t j'-j , . _ . _ ¦,
| BAGS— Grain Bags. $5 15§5 25; San Quen-
Owing to tbe parade of the Knlchts Tem
fl«TTe«erday the wholesale nouses and down
to»-n' CtSctS closed from the middle of the
f-na'on to the middle cf the afternoon and
*«nj* »ere «-l'.mfed all day. Some of the Urge
«!»jrartir.»ni »tL.rt»« rrmair.ed cloked, to it was
* very light . .«.r. ;« <!ay all around.
Business Light .Yesterday.
NLW^YOKK, Sent. 6. — Cloce: Money on
call, easy; highest, lc; lowest lc; ruling rate,
lc: last loon lc; closing bid offered at lc.
Time loans, steady; sixty days, 2 per cent;
nintty da>e, 2%; six months, l%c.
Primo mercantile paper, 3«»g4% per-cent. •
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual busl
ness-in bankers' bills at $4.S715®4.S720 for do
rr.ar.J and at H.S-»7<"SiJ.M7.*» (or sixty day bills.-
Posted rates $4 85% and $4 8S@4 88%. ¦
Commercial bill?, *4 fe4'.4Si bi%.
Bar fcilver, 56*ic.
Mexican . dollars, 45>;c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The stock market
gave a good account of Itself to-day and
confounded its unfriendly critics by extend
. in; its already considerable rice and by . an
i Increase in the volume of activity. The mar
ket was under suspicion of manipulation, as
it has been for some time, but the advance
in prices was effected without bringing out
any insupportable burden of genuine selling.
The market was spotted all day. and during
the early part of the sesslon-'was Irregular on
account of several weak points, but the tone
gained in strength during the course of the
session and the earlier points Of weakness
were overtime. Jhe principal supply of stocks
fcr sale came from London and was largely
on crbitrae* account, owing to th,e more rapid
advance than expected. There was some de
l>rtsfion in London, however, attributable to
thv.- disappointment at the prospect of a pro
longation of the war in the Far. "East, with
its burdens on the world's money markets.
United States Steel preferred was also a center
of positive depression. The decline of a. point
in this security was presumably due to- the
prosj>ett of a reduction In the nrices of steel
products, the effects of 'which on .the net
earnings of the corporation is dreaded. But
tbe!«e influences v.-ere effectually ' contended
with and overcome in'iplte oF'the skeptical
attitude of the traders toward the' market.
Coinniifsion-house business remained at a low
level ard the poor bank statement of Satur
day induced some selling from this source.
The Pacifies took the leadership of the late
market. Stress was laid upon the very cheer
ful tone of railroad traffic officials' reports.
The crain movement for last week was seen
to be heavily expanded and traffic officials!
both of trunk lines and of Western lines were .
emphatic in assertions of a liberal westward
movement of all kinds of merchandise.
The grod progress of the corn crop reported
by the Weather Bureau's weekly bulletin was
a factrr In the strength of the grangers and
Pacifies.
The ixjnd market was quiet. Total sales
$5,S7O,000. -'. :
United States bonds were unchanged on calL
•; NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 Calif ornla ' street,
San Francisco, members of the New • York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange: . .
Eales. | Stocks— 1High|Low.| Bid. A*k.
[Adams Express ......225 230'
12.7001 Amalg Copper'.. 58 57% 57% OS '
iAm Can Co .... : 4% 4%
I Do ptd 47 47U
MOOjAm Car 4 F Co 19?4 19.; 10% I9»i
Si Do pfd 79 78& 79 79%
100,Am Cotton Oil.. 33 33 32% 83
1001 Do rfd ... 82' 92 91 93
Am Dlst Teleg 22 23
lOOjAm Express .... 214% 214% 210 215
|Am Grass T Co | 5% 6%
lOOjAm Hide & L... 3%| 3% 3% 3%
Dopfd 19 21
1'n'lAm Ice 6!;i 6>i o% 6%
200| Dopfd 26% j 26% I 20% 26%
:Aiu Lmzeed .-. : 12 13
••! Do Pfd 2<s 30
COO'Am Locomotive. 21 22 21 21%
| Do jifd 00 Ooii
....::. Am Malt .-{% 4%
Do pid ... ..... ..... ,19% 20
4,200! Am S & B Co. 63*i 65«i es4 65*i
600i Do pfd 107% 107 107' 107%
.3,J>00iAm Sugar 131% 130% 130*. 131
-I Do Pfd 13*' no
Am Tel & T Co 137 139.,
SOOjAm Tobacco pfd 140 140 139% 140%
I Am Woolen .... 13% 14'
:..j Do pfd aiu fc 2 "
900; Anaconda 80% 80 fiO SOU
Aiin Arbor >$ - 30
Do pfd .* 67' «<> -
18,500: A T & Santa Fe 82% ««' S2»i 82% I
1,9001 Dopfd 99>i 9?i| 98% *99%
l«.400;Balt &'Oh!o ... 88% 87% 8S% 88%
1. 1 Do Pfd 02% 93%
27.400.B R T 56% 55*! 55% 55%
...Brooklyn U Gas 21I» 1220
I.Brunswick D&I. 6 7
...... .(Butterlck Co ..* 4S 49 : .
iCanada Southern ,.. «,-% ffr>A
l'j.tfOO.Cacadlan Pacific 126*,4 124H 126% 126'i
4.S00C & O 40% 39i| 4(1% 40%
iC & A 41% 42
Do pfd ....... S3 «4%
...".... C & E I pfd .V. .*...'. .V.'.. 123 - 140
C I & L pfd SO •¦ b5"
2.100C & O-W ;. 16% 15% 1R% 15%
2fX>l Do A pfd 62 52 51 54
.......I Do B pfd ............... 24 25
400 c & N w +¦::.:: 191 190% lfto 190%
20.6O0C M &'St P.... 157% 155% 167% 157%
lOOj Do pfd V 184. 184 183 183
84.300 C R I A P (new) 28 •" 27% 27% 27%
3.700 Do pfd ...:... 71^4 70% Tltf .71%
Do 4s :....... ..:.. :•.... 76% 76%
»O0 Chicago Termjn. 6 -5% -6 6%
SOO! Do pfd 14% 13% 14^ 14%
400 Chi Un Tract.. 7% 7% 7% 7%
M0 Dopfd i. -3I> flft% 38*, 38
400|COC&SUL 7»U.78%v7B% Ti%
....... .Dopfd.....'.:. :.:. 107 116.,
...;.i. Ceveland L & W ...;. i.v.. V 25-- ...„
....:.. EKj pfd :;-. ....'. .'.;.. J70 - :¦* ..
.200CW Fuel A Iron.. 37- "86% 36% Zl i
Nezv York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS;
ra'.sJn making are progressing rapidly. The
Kiaje crop is large and of excellent quality,
the raisin grapes having a high percentage of
sugar. Tokays are going to market in car
load lots and wine crapes are nearly ready
for the crusher. Prone picking jand drying
are in progress; the crop Is large in most
places and of excellent quality. Late peaches
in the vicinity "of Stockton are said to be a
failure. Other deciduous fruits have yielded
fair crops In mo6t sections, but are. generally
below average. Almond harvest is well ad
vanced: the crop is very light In the vicinity
of LodL Oranges at Porterville continue in
good condition and a large crop Is probable.
The fonrth crop of alfalfa is of excellent
quality and the yield is large. The recent
rains .in the mountains were . beneficial in re
plenishing the canals and furnishing a plenti
ful supply of irrigating water.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Hot. dry
weather prevailed during the week and con
ditions were favorable . for raisin making, fruit
drying and bean harvesting. Grapes are yield
ing an unusually heavy crop, especially In
the Irrigated . districts, and the quality is ex
cellent. The deciduous * fruit crop is consid
erably below average. Citrus orchards are
looking well in sections where water Is plenti
ful, but present indications are that the crop
will be lichter than expected earlier in the
season. Walnuts continue In good condition,
but the crop will not be a» large as antici
pated. Sugar beets at. Santa Maria are above
average. Bean harvest continues and the
jield is generally below average. The honey
crop at Riverside is a failure. Late planted
pctatoe? are ma!-:!ng good growth. The recent
rains saturated the soil in the foothill and
mountain districts and all streams are running.
L'>s Angeles Summary. — Hot, dry week,
good fcr bean harvest. Citrus orchards loqk
weM. but the Indications are for a light Crop
of large size fruit. .a
Eureka Summary. — Cloudy ' and| ' foggy
throughout week. More hay being baled than
any previous year. Bugs still doing much
damage to peas on bottom lands. Some blight
in rotates. ,, ,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - Sept. Dec.
Opening : , 7 1% 7 4
Closing .'"I14 7 894
PARIS. ,
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-ApL
Opening 22 40 23 95
Closing 22 45 • 2S 8fi
Flour —
Opening 30 20 8155 .
Closing '. ; 30 10 31 4*
Boston IV ool Market.
__
BOSTON, Sept. 6. — The wool market contin
ues active, most of the large buyers still being
inactive, however. Montana wools this sea
son were well grown and an unusually large
amount has gone directly to the consumer
without being sorted. . ,. .
Manufacturers report that the wool of the
goods trade are In better condition than a
year ago, and the larger mills have been prom
inent in the market. Prices are as follows:
California — Humboldt and Mendocino, 25®
27c; northern choice.' 22623c; average. 17319c;
middle counties. ' 17t?18c; southern. ; 14-315c.
Territory: Idaho— Fine. 1&®1S%c; heavy fine,
15@16c; fine medium, 18@>lS%c; medium, 19@
20c. • '
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 17©17%c; heavy
fine, 156 16c; fine medium, 17&®lSc; medium,
2Wfi21c.
Montana— Fine choice. 20@21c: fine, 19@20c.
Colorado — Fine, 13®14c; medium, -16@17c.'
' St. Louis Wool Market.
, ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades,- combing and clothing, 20^26c;
light fine, 16@20c; heavy 'fine, 12@16c; tub
washed, 22@35c. ¦ [- . .
Northern Wheat Market. .
PORTLAND. Sept. 6.— WHEAT— Shipping?
Walla 'Walla, 78c; bluestem, 83#94c; val
ley, 83c. ' •
WASHINGTON.
TAOOMA. Sept.- 6. — WHEAT— lc lower;
bluestem, S2c; club. 77c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Sept. ¦ 6.— Clearings, |961,783;
balances. $149,562.
TACOMA, 8ept. 6.— Clearings, $355,456;
balances. $43.729. .
PORTLAND, Sept. 6. — Clearings,. $954,439;
balances, $ie9,013.
¦ SPOKANE, Sept. «. — Clearings, , $552,512;
balances, $52,374. ' • , ' :
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15®1Sc per lb
for. old .and 223?24e for young; Geeaa.
per pair, $1 75«?2; Goslings, $2$2 25;
Ducks. $4@4 50 per dozen for old and %i 50
<Q5 50 for young; Hens, $4 5fr@5 for small
and $5 50@6 for large: young Roosters. $5 50
@6; old - Roosters, $4@4 50: Fryers. *4®4 50;
Broilers, $2 50«JC; Pigeon*. $1 25 per doxen for
old and $1 50>gl 75 for Squab*.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c per dozen; Hare-,
%W1 25 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $2 per
dozen, • ,: - - . .
The Poultry market was In good shape for
sellers, as ' leading* retailers* "were stocking up
for the approaching Jewish holidays, and what
stock. -came' in early .was quickly disposed of
at previous prices. .* Two cars of Western were
marketed on Monday and cleaned up promptly.
Yteterday's receipts of domestic .stock wet*
ov«-r 100 coops. Game was unchanged.'
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green* Corn. 75cQ$l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans, lQ2c per
lb; Lima Beans,. ¦ 2©2V^c per i lb; To
matoes. 20@50c per box ; Summer' Squash, , 20
@35c per box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots,
75c per. sack; Cucumbers. 20@35a. per box; j
Plcklo Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic. 4{?4 1 ,jc ¦
per lb; Egg Plant. 2&§40c per box: Dried j
Peppers-, nominal; Green Okra, 2S'g40c -per '
box; Grc^n. Peppers. 25*g40c per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $15#2O per ton.
Trade In Potatoes and Onions* was very quiet
and mices showed no change from Saturday.
Arrivals of Potatees were light, but there waa
a heavy accumulation of carried-over stock
on-tke wharves and at the stores. • • ¦
There were no -changes In' miscellaneous
vegetables. Everything was in free supply
and trad* was of a light holiday character.
POTATOES — Burbanks • from the river. 60®
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 25 per ctl;
Early. Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles. 75$S5c;
Sweet Potatoes. $lig;l 50 per ctl. i
ONIONS— $1@1 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6. — The London Un mar
ket was higher over the holidays, with spot
closing there at £126 2s 6d and futures at
£126 Is. Locally, the market was firm and
higher. Spot, $27 O0@27 70.
Copper was also higher in London, with
spot quoted at £57 Id and futures at £57 lls
3d. Locally copper was unchanged. Lake,
$12 62%«n2 75; electrolytic, $12 50@>12 75; cast
ing, $12 37%@>12 50.
Lead was quiet at $4 20@4 30 in the local
market pnil was also unchanged in London,
Epot being quoted at £11 13s 9d. - '
Spelter was a little lower in London, closing
at £52 12s 6d, but remained unchanged locally
at $5 50.
Iron closed at 43s l%d in MIddlesboro. Lo
cally Iron wae unchanged. No. 1 foundry.
Northern. $12'37%@14 25; No. 2 foundry,
Northern, $13 25@13 75; No. 1 foundry, south
ern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $13 50@
13 75. ' . .
Nezv York Metal Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The • market is
quiet, with little <rult offering and prices firm
ly held. -Common are quoted at 4&5l&c; prime,
6%©6c: choice, 6%«Hi%c; fancy, 7@7%c.
PRUNES— Show little feature. Buyers are
still holding off in the hope that the weight
of supplies will eventually make a better buy
ing basis, while sellers show little inclination
to shade present quotations. Sjwt prices range
from '2c to 6%c. according to grade.
-V APRICOTS— Arc offered ; sparingly and rule
flrm;fi with choice quoted at 0%@10c; extra
choice, 10U«*10%c, and fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHES— Are in ' fair demand. Extra
choice are quoted at 8c and fancy st 9%©10u.
DRIED FRUITS
BUTTER — Firmer. Street price extra cream
ery, 19@ 19 Vic; official prices, creamery, com
mon to extra, Vi<QVdc; State dairy, common to
extra. I2@!8c. ¦ > '
CHEESE — Firm. State full cream, small,
colored, fancy, 8%c;: email white, poor to
fancy, 6%@8%ci large colored, good to fancy,
8@8%c; large white, poor to fancy, 6%S8V4c.
EGGS — Firm. Western fancy selected, 20%@
21c; do. average best, 19%@20c.
' SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE— The ¦ market for coffee future*
closed steady at a net decline of 15 points.
Sales, 65,000 bags. September. 6.45@0.50c;
October, (J.5(<c; December. 6.65#6.75c: January.
O^OSO-SOc; March, «.95@7.00c; May. 7.15ig>7.2«c;
June, 7.25c; 'July, 7.35c; spot Rio. steady: No.
7 invoice, «V»c; mild, steady; Cordova, 10@13c
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— FLOUR — Receipts,
24,500 barrels. Dull and unsettled.
WHEAT— Receipts. 111,738 bushels, ', Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, 91 0S% f. o.'b. afloat; No. 1
Xortlxrn Duluth, $1 24% f. o. b. afloat; Ko. 1
hard- Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were easy all day, I closing %c higher.
May, $1 10%; September, $1 10%; December.
91 l6%.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PKTROLEUM— Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
BEANS— Bayos, 92 35@2 50: Pea, $3; But
ters. $2 75<g3: small White 92 90©3 10; large
White K! 30@2 50; Pink H 50<S3 60: Red. 94;
Lima. $3 S0@3.95; Red kidneys. 94 25; Black,
eyes. 92 W6'.' 60 per cU: H«rrse Bt«ns, 92 25.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: "Yellow
Mustard. 93 25; Flax $1 90$2 25; Canary. 6%
@7c; Alfalfa. 15@15%c; Rape. 1%@2%c: Timo
thy. -6,%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
f?3%c: Broom' Corn Seed. 92O@21.per tan.
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. 92©2 25; new Green
Peas, 92@2 25 per ctl. ¦
Llmas continue strong and in demand at
southern producing points. Otherwise there is
nothing of Interest to note in Beans. Buyers
are still holding off for the appearance of the
new crop. Seeds continue quiet at the fa
miliar quotations. ,
Beans and Seeds.
Yesterday practically a holiday in the city.
Wall-strrct Stocks higher. Cotton tending downward.
Sih-cr lower. Slight fluctuations in Exchange.
W heat and Barley quiet, with lotvcr futures.
Oats and Corn inactive, but well held. Rye firm.
Fair local movement in Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay still weak ar.d arriving freely. Bran easy.
No further, change in Beans and Seeds.
Prnv.es and Raisins tveak. Other Cured Frtiiis very firm.
Xuts and Honey strongly held, with the former in demand.
Slight changes in the local Provision market.
Hops and Wool quiet, but very firm.
Hides end Talloiv show several fluctuations.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables in good supply..
PmtUry cleans up zi'di under n good demand.
Fmir. B'.iltcr, Cheese and Eggs dull, owing to the parade. .
Hardly any trading on the local stock boards.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW. YORK Sept. 6.— Cotton- futures opened
firm: September, 10.40c; October, 10.27c; No
vember, 10.28c: December, 10.36c; January.
)0.41c; March, 10.47c; April, 10.50c; May.
lQ.53c. 1
Spot closed quiet: middling uplands. 11.10c;
middling Gulf. 11.30c. Sales. 751 bales.
Futures clO!»d steady. September, 10.55c;
October. 10.32c; November, lo.31c; December.
10.40c; January. 10.42c; March, 10.48c; April,
"10.61c; May. 10.50c •
Nezv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows ;¦ Available cash
balance. 9149,474,271; gold. 949,494,641.
Condition of the- Treasury.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 923«23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal' at the mill. 931 50SS2 60;
Jobbing. 933; Cocoanut Cake. 922^23; Corn.
Meal. -$30 50@31 50: Cracked Corn. $31032:.
Mixed Feed. 922@22 50; Horse Beans. 93O©40
ptr ton ; Broom Corn Feed. . 90o per ctl. ¦
HAY— Wheat 1*012 50. with |13®13 50 few
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. 98@12; Oat. 97 509
10 50; Barley and Oat. 97©«; Volunteer Wild
Oat. 96 50@S 50; stable. 97©8 50; stock. 96®7;
Clover. $7 5<XR9 50; Alfalfa. 97®1O 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@57%c per bale.
OMAHA Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4100;
active, strong- native steers, $3 75@5 90; cows
and heifers. 92 60<f3 50; Western steers, $3@4;
Texas steers, 1 92 75®3 50; range cows and
heifers, 92O3 30; canners, 91 5O©3: stockers
and feeders 92 60®3 89; calves, 93@5 25; bulls
and stags. 91 60@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; strong;' heavy. 95 10
©5 30; mixed. 95 15®5 25; light, 95 25®5 40;
pigs, 94 75@6; bulk of sales. ?5 15g5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; steady; Western
yesrllngs, 93 60®4; wethers. 93 40®3 75; ewes.
93ff3 60: common and stockers, 92 25®3 65;
lambs. 94®5 60. ... . .;*•••?, v
Omaha.
$2 50®6; .Western steers. $3@4 60; Western
cows, 91 76®3 60. -
HOGS— Receipts, 7000; market 6c higher;
bulk of eale% 95 30@5 45; heavy. 95 30@5 40:
packers, 95 30-S5 45; pigs and lights. 95 25®
6 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000; strong; muttons.
$3 25g4 10: lambs. 94 «0@5 80; range wethers,
93 25g4; stockers and feeders. 92 75@3 50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL. WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMb£r 7, 1904.
Continued on Page Twelve
- Arrivals, of^ Hay -continue. large and every
thing except I the .very best grades continue dd
pressed In consequence. Prices show • no fur
ther i decline. ' however. ¦ . ' . • ¦ • , . .
..-Bran'- Is -still reported easy 'In 'consequence
of > the recent "< large ' receipts, but no further
decline U noted. . ' •:'.",,-
BRAN— $20 60@21.60.pw ton.
*' MIDDLINGS — $24i& 1 29 per ton.
: SHORTS— >20 50©21 60 per ton.
Hay arid Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO, Sept. '«.— CATTLE— Steady;
beeves. $3 1536 20; cows and heifers, $120®
4 60;> stockers; and 'feeders. '|2®8 90; Texans,
$3 10#4 25;- Westerns, $2 75@4 50.
HOGS — Market .- 5® lOo , hlgner; mixed :and
butchers,* $3 10©5 75: good 1 heavy,. $5 35<g5 70;
rcugh "heavy,: $4 70@5 05;Vili K ht, 30@5 80;
pigs »$5 10®5 50;!bulk of 'sales, =:f5 20@5 70. -.*
SHEEP— Steady ;:¦ sheep,- $2 50@4 60; lambs,
- Kansas City.
KANSAS . CITY, . Sept."; «'.— CATTLE— Re,
! celpts. 14,000; . steady; '. native steers, . $3 75@6;
native cows-' and " heifers; 91 60i^4 ¦ 75 ;i stockers |
and feeders. $2 25^4 15; bulls, |2®3 26; calves, 1
Chicago.
I CATTLE, S1IEEP AND HOGS. v |
CHICAGO. 4 Sept. 6. — On the Produce • Ex
change to-day^ the butter market was ateady.
Creamery, 14@K>c; ' dairy. 12%©16c; . eggs,
steady. 14%@16%c; cheese, firm, 8®9c.
Butter, Cheese and Egg's.
I Dopfd.. 60- |. ".'..>
200,Col H O & 1 12*6 12H 12% 12T4
l.OOOjCol Southern .... 17 16', 16% lO^s
1,200 Do list pfd .... 50i.i 49H 4UVs 4»Va
«00 Do 2d pfd .... 23 22% --'2 23
4,200 Con Gas ;.. 197*4 108 197 197^'
600 Con Tob Co pfd.. 122V* 121 ',4 122 122Vi '
300jCorn Products .. 14 13% IS*; 14
SOOf Do pfd 7I>% 70& 70^ 71
(Del & Hudson .. 166 I84I4 165V* 105*i
800JDL&.W 275% 27*' 271 275
200|D & R 0 25*4 25% 25% 2C>,i
.8.100; Do pfd 78% 77% 78U ."»**
JDes M & Ft D 22 80 |
Detroit Un Ry 66>i 67 !
100 Detroit South .. 2ft 2% 2 2*4
100 Do pfd 4% 4% 4 6
Diamond Match ....132 135
1.900 Distlllin Secur. 27 26ft 2t»a 26%
Dig Sccur Bonds 68 Cbht.
Duluth S S & A 7% 8
• Do pfd 12% 13%
63.600 Erie 80y« 28T4 30% 30U
5.S0OJ Erie let pfd 6C% 65*i 66>i 66%
3,100 Do 2d pfd *2% 42 42% 42 &
IE & T H .. ..... -88 60
I Do pfd 101 ..,..
i Gen Chemical ,,.. 4S 55
I Do pfd...... 94 00%
l.SCO'Gen Electric 171 170 16U% 170 j
Gt North pfd 170 185
Hock. Valley Sl% 83
200 Dopfd 87^i 87 67 67%
3,400 111 Central 139% 138% 138*4 130U
600,Inter Paper 14% 14»« 14^ 15
»00 Dopfd 7i\i 74 74 74%
Inter Power .... ...... ..... 35 38
100|lnter Pump 20 29 30 33
100 Do pfd 76 76 • 70 77%
COOjIowa Central ... 23 22% 22% 23
300| Dopfd 44 44 4* 44%
........IKanawha& Mich 31 33
100 K C K S 4 M pfd 76% 76% 76>4 76?i
Kan City South 23?4 24
2001 Dopfd ..."..... 45% .45% 45% 40
IKeo &. Des M 12% 14
Laclcde Gas pfd 85 80
100 L Erie &. West.. 30% 30% 29 31.
Dopfd 89 ICO I
Long Island 57 60 |
4,600 Louis & Nash.. 123^1122% 123% 123U '¦
700 Manhattan ..... H5M\lbi1i 155*« 1j5%
....... [Manhattan Beach 10 13 ¦ •
4,S00'Metropolitn Sees S9 8794 -S"*i ;$S 1
13,900jMetropltn St Ky 121% 119's 12»% 120"i
6,900; Mexican Central. 13 12% ; 12% 13
100; Minn & St L... 67 67 55 57
....... I * Do pfd 90 98
200|M. StP&SSM 73 73 7'4% 73
40oj Dopfd 129 129 12IT 131
600;Mo, Kan & Tex. 22% 22% ..... .....
1,200 Dopfd.; 49. 4S 48% 49
14,400 Missouri Pacific. 98% 97% V84& 08%
100 Nash, C & St L 122U 12--M1 122>i 122 .
l.DOO.Xatlonal Lead... 23% 23% 22?4 23 :
3OO| Do pfd 96' 96 96 97% '
.......|Ntl R R of Mex .......... 4- 4%;
200 Do pfd......;. 20 ' 20" 19% 20 ,
....... National Biscuit 47H 47% I
200 Do pfd 108% 105*; 108% 109 1 I
600!New Jersey Cen. 170 | 170 171 171%
100JN Y Air Brake.. 138 138% 137*4 139 I
2,800|New York Cen.. 124% 123% 124% 124% i
... N Y. C & St L 28 32%
Do 1st pfd 105 110
Do 2d pfd 63 67
N Y, NH & H 1S1 190
8,000 X Y. Ont & W.. 33% 31% 32% 32%
3.000;Norfolk & West. 68% 6SV4 6S»i <3S%
...| Do pfd 90' 91 J
North American ;. 82 9'i
...;... Northern Sees ;. 104% 105%
Omaha. 140 145
;. Do pfd 180 190
O S L 4s ... ..;.. ..... 88% 97
300:Paciflc- Coast 64% 64% 64% 65
I Do 1st pfd.. 95. 105
Do 2d pfd.....' 73% -74
3,100iPacific Mail..... 30% 29% 30 3O<-4
28,200iPenn R R Co... 126% 125% 120% 12<J%
7.100 People's Gas. . . . 103% 102 103% 103%
Pere Marquctte.. ..: 75 SO " ;
P. C, C &. St L 68 68%
Dopfd.. 100% 105
100 Pressed Stl Car 32 33
Do pfd '.' 77 ¦ 7S
Pullman Pal. Car 215 218
600|Ry Steel Springs 22% 22 22% 22% '
400! Do pfd.'. S0% 7U% SOVi $0%
13,520 Reading «7% 64% tiC% 66%
2,100 Do 1st pfd.... 83% S5 85U S5%
2.200 Do 2d pfd 76 75 75% 76
1,400 Republic S & I. 7% 7% 7% 7%
600 Do pfd 42% 42% 43 44
Rubber Goods 17% 18%'
I Do pfd.... .". .-. 80 82
100 Stoss S S & I Co 37 36% 36% 37
Dopfd J>5 88
s. St J & G I ..... 15% 1?
.." Do 1st pfd:... 48 50
'....'.:. Do 24 pfO. 24" 25
1,300 St L&S'F 1st pfd ..... :." Ifl 74
'.. t>o 2d pfd\...j 5»% 69^ 5V% r>!t%
3,S00,St L & SW 22 20% 22 ,'22%
1.106} Do pfd ' 45 ¦ 44 44>^ 44%"
60,100 Southern Pacific. 5S% 57% 5S*i 5S%
18,900 Southern fry :.y 29% 29% 29% 29'%
400 Do pfd 95% 95>i 05 95 £
....... Standard OH 1.......628 632
., Stan Rop&Twlne % 1%
3,600 Tenn Coal & Iron 45% 44% 45% 45%,
.......jTex Pac L&TCo. .-.'.. ...... 29% 31%
3,700|Texas Pacific ... 31% 31% 31% 31%
2Wf|Th!rd Ave 122 122 122 125 ;
lOOiTol Ry & Tr Co 21% 21% 19' '¦ZiW\
900 Tol St L. & W. 29% 29 29% 30'
1 1,1001 DO pfd 4S% 41% 47% 4S
400iTwin City R T 9S 08%
200 Union Bag & Pap 7% 7% 7% 7%
100| Do pfd 63 63% 62% 03
600j Union Pacific ... 101% 99 101% H>1%
Dopfd 93% l>3%
U P Conv 4s 105% 105%
600 Do pfd .. 67 65% -56% SO
U R R of S P.. ;..• 14% 16
j Do 4s ...... 84 84%
U S Cast Iron P. 10% 11
600' Do pfd 57 57 57 68
|U S Prepress 113 li't .
2,2C0JU S Leather 7% 7% 7% . 7%
600| Do pfd S7% 88% 87%! 87%
!U S R-alty&Cons 27 2S
Do Did 03 53%
300 U S Rubber ... 19% 18% lS^i 1«V4
.100 Do pfd .. 75 75-74% 75
12.400iU S Steel Cor .. 14 1U% 13% 13%
40,8001 Do pfd ...... 63 61% (52% 63
7,700 Va-Car Chem Co 34 32% 33% 33%,
600 Do pfd 107% 1C«% 107 107%
1,400 Wabash 2* 20% 20% 21
11,000 Do pfd 41% 40% 40% 41
Waba*h deb Bs 63 03%
IWells-Fanjo Ex 230 1 230
400'Weittern Union . 91% 91 91 91%
!»00iW»stl.ighous<j . .. 163 1C1 101% 1"2%
4U0I Do 1st pfd 190 190 190 200
300! W & L E 17% 17 16% 17
! Do'lst Pfd 43% 45
200 Do 2d pfd 26 26- 25 26%
900 Wis Central .. 19% ,10% 19% 19%
9«30| Do pfd 43% 42% 43% 44
852.0C0 Total Shar«3 sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s rcg..l04%lL & N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 1"5%| Man con gold 4s.lCC%
Do 3s res 105 | Mex Central 4s... «.'{%
Do coupon 105'tl Do 1st inc .15
Du new 4s res.l-'l^ijMinn & St L 4s.. 95
Do coupon 131%| M. K & Texas 4s. 100'.*
Do old 4s reg.106 Do 2ds 80%
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 70
Atch gen 4s. 103% X Y C gen 3%s..l00
Do adj 4s 95% |N J C gen 5s.... 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S%!Xor Pacific 4b 103
Bait & Ohio 4s. .103 | Do* 3s 74%
Do 3%s 95%jNor &,W con 4s.lO2
Central of Ga 6s.lll%lOSL 4a & partic. 97 .
Do 1st Inc..*.. 81%|Pa conv 3%s 99%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5« 1 Reading gen 4s... 99%
Chi t Alton 3%s. SO- |s L & I M con 5s.ll6%
C, B & Q new 4s. 00% IS L & 8 F fg 4s.. 85%
CM & SP gn 4B.10SVI Rt Ixiuis SW lsts. 07%
C & NW con 78.128% Seaboard A L 4s. 82
C R I & Pac 4s. 70% So Pacific 4s ... 94%
'Do tol '« 86%|So Railway Bs. :. .117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01% Tex & Pac ljits..H9%
Chi Term 4s 74% Tol. St L & W 4s. 77%
Cons Tobacco 4a. 73% Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & So 4s.... 84 Do conv 4s 105%
C F.& T Con 5s. 75% Tj S SUel2d 5s.. 80%
Den i Rio >G 48.101 Wabash lsU .....117%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 93 Do deb B 6B%
Do pen 4» ..... 87U W & L Erie 4s... 89%
F W-* D C lsts.107 • Wls Centrar4s.;. 8S)%
HocTc Val 4%s...lO8 i ' .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS, j \*.\ ->"
'Adami Con ..:.. 25) Little Chief ....... 05
Alice 26iOnUrlo .'. 3 50
Breece it > 15|Ophir .........'... 3 15
Bruns Con. ."..... 17:Phoenix .....:...*, 14
Com Tunnel .:.. • lOjPotosI ....¦.....:... 12
Con-Cal ¦& -Va'. 1 05 'A!. Savage .....,.-»...,. M
Horn Silver ..-.». 1 551 Sierra Nevada...; >28
Iron Silver :;... 1 50! Small ! Hopes ....'." 25,
Leadvllle Con 02| [Standard ..........1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds. , . •;
Money—-' " •¦ lU SStH ..13%
Call- loans ..203% ¦ Do pfd ........ 62%
Time loans ...'. .3^P4% Westing Common. 80.
Bonds — Mining — --• '¦;
AtchUon 4s 101% Adventure ........ 1%
Do * ad J 4s.' .95 Alloucz ........... 13%
Mex Central 4s. .-. 61" Amal - Copper V . . :' 67%
Railroads— i • Amer Zinc *...... 13
Atchlson «2U Atlantic- ......... 14%
Do pfd ........ 8?% Blngham '..... . . .". 2S
Boston' & Albany.24S Calumet &".Heela.52O ¦
Boston- &• Maine.l«2 Centennial 28%'
Bo«ton Elev .V..-.1S2U Copper Range .... 57%
Fitchbunc pfd..-.:iM% Daly^West ........ ]3Vi
Mex Central ./.¦.: 12HlDom CoalT......-«0 "'¦
X Y. N H & H..1R9%I Franklin •.'.;.'..... ¦ 9%
Pere Marquette. ; . 74 I Grancy-.. ';::..;...• , S'4
Union Pacific... v.l 01 Isle. Royale ..'.... 1J)%
MlKcellaneous — •¦ • "Ma^s • Sllning ...•.••3% ;
Anter Arge Chew. 14 *» Michigan Y.V.:.;. -s*-j
Do 'pfd ..'. i. . «. 8O.%1 Moh&wk .';.-. . . . . ; 47 » -
Amer Pnen «Tube. 4' • Mont Coal ¦ & Coke n i
Amer 'Sugar :.'..1Bn% Old* Domlnteh •...-• 15s; 1
Dopfd ..;..... 188 Osceola '.";.-. *.;...•• 76%'
Amer Tel & Tel.WH Parrot ... ...: 2«%
Amer "Woolen ..'. 13% Oulncy • 88 .
Do nfd ......',." «1% Shannon ¦;•;.'...... . 4%'
Dom'TVon* S... 1 .H - Tamarack .."...'..".120"' '•
Ed Elect- Ilium. ;2M1 * Trinity '..'. ¦¦: 7%
Gen Electric ..v. 169 U S Mining...... 21%
Mass Electric.".'.. MK\V B 0» ........ -..'11U
. Do pffl .-....: . . flo% T7t*h '.... .:;.. . . . . 43%
¦ Mass Gas .' .; 43 - 1 Victoria 1 .. :....-.. .1 3«.
United Fruit .... 105% I Wtnoha ....:;.-.•.•.• flW
TJn-Sho«« Mach. .-. r ro«il Wolverine ¦•. V. • .'. . 92
-Dopfd-: sour . •••• v5
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
COTTQN.
1 ¦ r ~zi '
Sept. 6, 19C4. — For the- Information of many
inquiring friends I publish the following In re-
ply to a letter addressed to me by a gentle-
man in the South criticising my recent pub-'
. llcly expressed chanse of opinion la regard to
the cotton market.
I may say that the developments of to-day'
do not lead me to modify my expectation of
substantially lower prices for cotton during the
period when receipts are likely to be heaviest.
, and I think that those who have cotton -which
they must dispose of within the next two
months will do wisely to accept current quota-
tions. . . • . ¦
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. 196*.
Dear Sir: I reply particularly to your letter
, received to-day. In which you sugge'st that my
recent change of front in regard . to the prob- '
able course of the cotton market will deprive
me of all following and any capacity oX mar-
ket leadership in future.
In resly thereto. I beg to say. first, that I
do not asoire to so-called market leadership,
and think it a detriment rather than an Advan-
tage so far as It affects a speculator's money-,
making capacity. It burdens him with a moral
responsibility for other people's transactions
and renders It difficult for htm to liquidate his
own. So far as my change cf opinion is con-
cerned. I can only quote you Emerson'* trite
remark that "consistency ts a weakness of ibe
narrow minded." and tell you with' Josh Bil-
lings that "a wise man changes his opinions:
a fool never."- I reserve the right to change
my opinions -without, however, arrogating to
myself, by Implication even, any superior wis-
dom. It Is because I sometimes se« that other
people are wiser than I am that I change my
opinions. • J -
TWO CLASSES Of TACTS.
To my- thinking there axe two classes
of facts which the speculator in cotton
! or In anything else, must be constantly
In search of: One is. facts mathemat-
ical, which may be subdivided Into facts abso-
1 lute and fact* deductive. The other class U
fact* physiological, which, although exceeding-
; ly illusive, are quite as- important as mathe-
matical certainties In dealing- with aa article
In which the speculative public is as "enormous
as that at present trading In cotton.
You must bear In mind that there ar* prob-
ably not less than ten thousand people actively
Interested In the cotton market at all times,
and In periods of great activity this number ts
largely Increased. If each of these persons
buys or sells only one hundred bales, the de-
mand for or supoly of contracts thus created
represents an aggregate of 1.000,000 bales 'of
cotton and Is a force that Is simply overwhelm-
ing In Its preponderance. Once set In action
by any leader It generally goes to excesses that
overwhelm him. and carry him and his follow-
ing to disaster, aa witness the Sully Debacle of '
last spring. | It becomes,- therefore. In my opin-
ion, very tmoortant to anticipate correctly. If
possible, the impulses which move or set tn
action this irresistible force of public specula-
tion, and it Is equally. Important that any ten-
dency toward exaggerated opinion and hyster-
ical action shall be overcome. .; .
GRADUALLY DECLINING PRICES. <j
It was because I saw, or thought I saw; that
a great many people who had no possible use
for cotton. , excest to resell it .at aa advance,'
had bought It In 'the form of contracts, that I
sold out my cotton on Thursday momiar last,
and Immediately thereafter advised the public
of the fact; and It Is because I now see, or
think.- 1 see. that : the ' Government ' report. Is-
sued on Friday. Is certain to result In - a re-
crudescencce of the 12.000,000 bale talk that I
am unwilling to buy cotton for an advance
until »f>er some . comparative decline tn th«
movement shall corroborate the reports ot crop
damage. l#*|til
This cannot ¦ soaslb!y occur within the next
two months and I therefore think my expecta-
tion of gradually declining prices for tb» next
two months Is sound. You must tear tn mind
that the f sinner ts the final arbiter of cotton
values. If there were no SDlndles to nae it.
cotton would aot be worth anything, however
small the croo. . It was the withdrawal of the
spinner that punctured last year's speculation,
and In the face ot a resort from " th* Govern-
ment which *o effectively negatives individual
reports of crop shortage, the spinner la not go-
1 Ing to buy cotton except at what. he considers
a reasonable nrlce. . . " ¦ ' « ¦
Meantime we are face to face with probably
the largest Se»tember and October receipts on
record, and In my Opinion the effect of this
movement. In -, combination ..with ;•> probably
slick demand from manufacturers, will create
within the next sixty day* a bearish sentiment
so ktraur that It would overwhelm • either you
or myself should ' we attempt ' ts oppo— It.
' ~ • - - <3isnsfl> THEO. JL FIUCB.
AUCTION SALES
£a» £a* fe
100 Head Double Squares
AT AUCTION.
TO-MORROW.
THUBS9AT. SS7TS1KBSS 8
At 1 o'clock,
AT J. B.HORA.VS SALESYARD
Corner Tenth and Bryant Streeti.
By order of J. V. Button I will sell 100
head of choice, sound young hone* and mares.
It Is not necessary for ma to make any re-
marks In regard to his stock of bones, as all
horsemen know they ar* In a class by them-
eelves. I will merely mention the. doabla
square and my they must and will b» sold to
the highest bidder.
3. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
BALE AT 1 P. M.
AT AUCTION^
A Jot of CONDEMNED FtRB DEPART-
MENT BORSES and MARE6. By order of
MAYOR E. E. SCHMITZ. I will Mil a lot of
condemned Fir* Department horse* ea
THURSDAY, 8«stember 8. at 11 o'eloek at
GROVE STREET STABLES. , 123 OROVfi
STREET. " This is a grand opportunity ' for
farmers, teamsters and contractors to get good
heavy ' draft horses and mares at their own
prices, a*. they must be sold. .
. ¦ B> WATKINS. Aqctloaeer.
L. H. BURD, AuctionBer,
WSSXnSSDAT. SEPTSMBEX 7. II A. M.,
The Elegant Furniture of
Residence / •.
1M3 C1AY STBEET,
INCLUDINO UPKIGHT PIANO.
: L, H. BURP. AoctionafT.
fe, • £*
AUCTION SALE— 50 GOOD HOUSES AND
MARES. WEDNESDwVY. Sept. 7^ at 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st.
.JOHN J. ¦* DOYLE. Auctioneer. • ¦ - ¦To Visit San Francisco
j Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
;¦ is.' 1 It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and, is • the most beautiful '• jewelry
' store In the' world. .Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. . 321 -Montgom
ery street." between Bush and Pine. • .
I Postponed Exercises of the St. Pat
rick's Day Convention Will Take
Place Xcxt Fridny.
The committee on' postponed exsr
cises of the St. Patrick's day conven
tion has arranged for a big gathering
• of athletes in. Gaelic games and vari
1 ous contests at the Presidio athletic
• grounds on Admission Day.
j . The programme is as follows:
1 Races. WO yards. 440 yards and one mile.
' Put-irsE l'.-pound weight. 42-pound (oft shou!
! tier).' 50- pound. , Running Ions Jump; running
j hop. 9te;i and leap. The first prize for each
I event brings valuable gold medals and second
• prize- sliver medal?. ' Grand relay race between
; teams from the 'various colleges of the Pacific
J Coast -for a' handsome trophy. The compiling
Institution* " are Berkeley. St. Ignatius. St.
I Mary' 8. • Santa Clara and. the local high school
J. teems.'
I - The games will conrlude with a jrrand rally
of Gaelic athletics. Einmets vs. Independent*
In tlx-. Irish name of hurling, for a «ilv»r
I cup Entries onthcfleM by card. The nro
i ceeds tor bo . siven to' the- Irish Hall
1 fund The ' following are In charge: Thomas
J F Alford Michael Ca«ey. T. M. Searey. Mis»
I K O'Brlen'R. J. Curtis. M. Laccy. Jeremiah
i Deasey E 'P. Hogan. M. Merigan. J. P. KeUe.
her -Mrs. James Smith. Ml3s Agnes Tierney
and O. B. ; O'Reilly. . ... ,
ADMISSION" DAY GAMES
AT PRESIDIO GROUNDS
Hennessey was released 'arid he then
told the story of Tomilson's '¦ escape.
While in the act of .removing his
clothes Hennessey had, taken a pistol
out 6f his pocket, and placed' it' on a
table. When -the; officer's back was
turned • Tomilson crabbed the - pistol
and, covering- his captor.- forced ;him
Into the chair,- to which he was.qulck
ly'-bound and, later- was gagged ;to
prevent his making an outcry" while
Tomilson .was escaping; from' the -ho
tel.- Hennessey flnally.manased.to'nt
tract -the: attention of in bellboy, who
summoned .Lewln. :,Tomilsori s . is now
being ¦ hunted for. by the city, detective
force. ' 'it- ' ¦ : . •¦ •' »i . • . >
When he was taxed with the of
fense Tomilson hurriedly left the of
fice. - Later he r was -,' overhauled by
Officer M. Hennessey, who, in , com
pany with , Railroad Detective Lewih,
took his young prisoner to .the New
Western Hotel for safe keeping. over
night. Being assigned a room. Hen~
nessey and Tomilson proceeded to re
tire, while' Lewln went to the* hotel
office to read. ., He had. been seated
there but a short time when he was
startled by the information given , him
by a bellboy that Tomilson had ' ei
cqpert. * Hurrying upstairs to the room
in :which Tomilson . had been left
with Hennessey, Lewin found the rail
road: officer, reclining In, a chair, with
his limbs tightly bound arid; 1 a gag in
his mouthl ; 'i'^ Vl.-'t<^8S&9^»^9b*^Mmg
. E. L. Tomilson, a stenographer in
the -office ot Division; Superintendent
Wilder ofthe ; Southern Pacific Com
pany at Third and Townsfend street^,
has fallen from' grace and Is now
being sought by the police. It is the
custom of General Manager Agler j to
forward • all transportation -intended
for employes to. the office of the di
vision superintendent,' -by • whom the
men are employed. Saturday a pack
age ' of -passes were sent' to' Wllder's
office and were received by Tomilson.
who, it- seems, ; removed , several of
them from the sealed' envelope. The
company keeps a close check on all
free transportation, and under its
system it was discovered in less than
two hours that Tomilson had com
mitted a theft. : • •
His Freedom.
E. X^Tom'Ison. Yoniiff Railroad Clerk.
• Aaopts Daring Method* to Gain
COVERS CAPTOR WITH
PISTOL AXD ESCAPES
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla le the
beet, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
J. P. Logan was arrested last night
by Special Officer Mahoney of the
telephone company and booked at
the North" Side station on a charge of
burglary. He is accused of having
robbed a telephone box at 1901 De
visadero street, and is suspected of
having: committed several other simi
lar crimes.
Is Accused of Robberv.
Th» tira» com*s when everybody needs Par
ker'e Ginger Tcnic. It often eaves life.
Parker's Ka'.r Balsam i>sr.cs the ecalp. •
A public promenade concert an<l
whist tournament will be given Sun
day afternoon under the auspices of
the Lad'es" Auxiliary of the Younjj
Men's Hebrew Association at 1970
Page street.
Prize Whist Tournament.
Amendment No. 19— Article XVI
relative to hours of employes is
amended by adding the following
paragraph, known as section 14%:
"Except where otherwise provided for
by law or by this charter for certain
specified offices, all public offices
shall close at noon on Saturday."
Amendment No. 20— This adds a
section to article 16 of miscellaneous
laws to read:
' Section 30 — Whenever the public business
will permlt.lt. municipal employes w w h ',' h 5 r
employed by the day or by the month, shall be
allowed a half-holiday, every Saturday after
noon, with a full day's pay. Municipal em
ployes, whether employed by the day or by
the month, whose services are required Satur
day afternoons, shall be allowed a half-holiday
during the week with a full day's pay. Lni
lormed firemen • and policemen are excepted
from the provisions of this section.
Amendment No. 21 adds a new sec
tion, known- as section 21 of article
XVI, miscellaneous laws, relative to
the pay of municipal employes for
holidays? ."Employes of the city and
county of San Francisco employed by
day shall receive a full day's pay for
municipal or legal holidays except
Sundays." •
' Xo d;pu!y clerk or other employe of the
city and codnty shall be paid for a Breater
time than that covered by his actual service,
provided, all ¦employes, vh'ther employed by
the day'or by the month, shall be allowed an
annual' vacation of not less than fourteen con
secuUvs days* exclusive of Sundays and other
holidays with* full pay during such vacation:
and. ln"'ca*e of service for less than on*
year, such vacation is to.be allowed at tha
rate of one and one-sixth days per month.
may be necessary at a salary of $100
per month." and makes no provision
for the fifteen regular deputies.
Amendment No.. 17: The law as
amended will read that, except where
otherwise provided for. all public of
fices must be kept open from 9 o'clock
a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m.. except on legal
holidays. The Tax Collector must keep
his office open from 9 o'clock a. m. to
9 o'clock p. m. from the first day of No
vember to the last Monday of Novem
ber. The Assessor must keep his of
fice open during the same hours from
the first day of April to the last day
of June. The old law does not specify
this.
Amendment No. IS amends section 3o
of article XVI. The present law reads:
"No deputy clerk or other employe of
the city and county shall be paid for a
greater time than that covered by his
actual services." The law as amended
reads: : .
Mre. Alice Collins. 1105 Hyde
street, secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of her husband, F. R. Collins,
a draughtsman, on a charge of bat
tery. As evidence she exhibited her
face, which was badly cut and
bruisM. She alleged that her husband
beat her and his mother on Monday
night without any provocation.
About three weeks ago Collins was
arrested on comulaint of his mother
lor disturbing the peace. Judge Ca
haniss was told at that time that Col
lins had br his conduct compelled
Rome of Mrs. Colliris* roomers to
leave. Collins promised to be good
and the Judge allowed him to go on
his own recognizance.
Attacks His Wife nn>\ Mother.
Rhea told this story without a- quiver
and convinced the officers that he was
speaking the truth or else knew a great
deal about the robbery.
"Finally, becoming discouraged, * I
drifted tp> Arizona and worked on
many railroads in the Territory and
Southern California. Two years ago
I determined to unearth the treasure
and journey to the north once more. "I
was*not watched this time and I found
no trouble in locating the spot. •
"Digging in the ground I came across
a nest of shining, gold pieces, but the
sacks priginally holding them had rot
ted away. I • took a few shiners and,
covering the hole, went down town to
get some sacks, but there I got drunk.
When I sobered up I found. that detec
tives were, dogging my every footstep
and I dared not go back to dig again.
Now. I am willing to show the hiding
place of the money, for I am tired of it
all and want my conscience at rest."
A WAXDERIXG CAREER.
"1 knocked about, for several years
and then went to look for the .money,
but "I was certain that detectives were
on my track and I was forced to wait.
Again I tried to locate the treasure,
but was frightened away a, second
time. > ¦¦. . . .::
"I knew that I would be watched for
a long time after my trial and I, did n<k
go near the hiding place of the gold for
several years. Rile-v was dead and no
body else knew the secret, so why need
I worry? '--<¦['•
fired a number of shots through the
roof just to frighten the people, but
we intended Fo harm no one unless we
were resisted. We secured the bag of
gold which weighed nearly •. • 100
pounds, I think, and jumping from the
train, escaped in a horse and wagon.
We abandoned the wagon, leaving
overcoats, .masks and other things be
hind, and journeyed to -the place where
the gold, lies, burled to-day.
"After secreting our treasure we
went to work at the stone., quarry,
where Riley was killed five days later".
Then my arrest and acquittal followed.
Mr. A. If. Clelaad. General Passenger
A pent Northern Pacific Railway, wires
T. K. Stateler. General Agent, that the
famous Geyser known as the "Splendid."
situate at Upper Geyser Basin. Yellow
stone Park, which has been lying dor
mant lor the past four years, commenced
to play yesterday morning, and lias been
.spoutisig regularly every three hours
since then.
1'aminis Geyser in Yellowstone Park
Again Becomes Active.
"We concerted our schemes in San
Francisco and went over on the ferry
with Gilson, following him into the
railway car at the mole. Riley blacked
his face because he knew that Gilson
would recognize him otherwise, but few
people In that part of the country knew
me.
"We made a dash Into the coach and
"Going back to* the robbery, the de
tnils are perfectly clear in my mind.
Riley, my pal, worked for the Judson
Company, and he knew perfectly the
habits of the secretary, who who
went to a bank in San Francisco every
Saturday to get money for the pay
roll. '
TELLS OF ROBBEB.Y.
He gave up readily,- but one of the
robbers shot four bullets among the
passengers, one of them taking effect
in the body of a man named Fergu
son. The $15,000 was taken and until
Rhea's confession no trace of it has
yet been 'discovered.
Rhea made the following statement
to the two officers who are bringing
him north to verify his declarations:
"I was one of the men that held up
Gilson in 1S92 and stole $15,000 from
him. I am ready now to make a con
fession of the crime, for it Is the only
one I ever committed In all my life and I
I want a clear conscience now," began I
Rhea. !
• "I am an old man now, past GO years,
and I want peace for my tortured soul.
If the Judson people want to. give me
half of the money when I reveal the
hiding place they may do so, j but 1 1
would prefer that they give me one- j
third, you officers one-third and keep j
the remainder. However, I am - going j
to tell the entire story and give up the;
money, even if I fail to get a cent. j
The crime of w,hich Rhea pleads
guilty was one of the most sensa
tional robberies that have ever oc
curred in the State. Paymaster Gil-
Fon of the Union Iron Works left San
Francisco on April 24, 1S92, with
$15,000 to pay off the employes of
the Judson Iron Works. When the
train reached E f tation two men
with pistols confronted the paymaster
and demanded the satchel. • ...
CRIME WAS BOLD ONE.
According to Los Angeles advices
Rh-ea has confessed his complicity in \
the hold-up. He professes a knowl- {
edge and a desire to dig up the buried j
treasure. Secret Service Agent Cro
nin and Detective Boyd placed faith
enough in the fellow's story of the
buried treasure to bring him from Los
Angeles to Oakland to search for the
missing money. . j
Chief of Police Hodgkins of Oakland {
is skeptical regarding the statement of |
the prisoner. Rhea was arrested on ,
suspicion shortly after the robbery, but I
was discharged for lack of evidence. !
Chief Hodgkins thinks that Rhea is,
trying to make notoriety for hiiyself 1
and incidentally to get transportation^
and food on a trip to San Francisco, j
In an interview last night he stated j
that there was nothing to connect Rhea \
with the holdup of Gilson and the theft
of $15,000.
Two peace' officers, Jack Cronin of the
United States Secret Service and De
tective. Boyd of the Los Angeles Police
Department, are speeding- northward
on the Owl with a prisoner '-.named
George Rhea. in high hopes that some
where In the Berkeley ! Jiins. may be
found $15,000 taken by force from Pay
master Gilson m . of the Risdori Iron
Works. * • ¦ t "-•
George Ehea Acknowledges
His Complicity in Rob
bery of Paymaster Gilson
Near Emeryville Station
The heavy dining car crashed on top
of the roach and the majority of those
killed and injured were passengers In
the latter. There was no one in the
dining oar, it is stated, except the em
r-'oyes. who eseaoed without injuries.
The day coach left the track and.
breaking loose, from the baggage and
emokirtg cars, plunged down an em
bankment, dragging the diner with it,
but the Pullman did not leave the
track.
Immediately upon receipt of the news
of the wreck a relief train was sent out
and the dead and more Beriously in
jured were brought back here.
The train, which was composed of an
engine, baggage and smoking cars, day
coach, diner and Pullman sleeper, was
well filled, it being estimated by Wa
bash officials that there were about
500 persons aboard. The train waB run
ning at its scheduled speed when the
accident occurred.
The seriously injured— David Brun
ner. KIrksville, Mo.; A. S. Billinc:?. Mrs.
A. S. Billings, J. S. Curtain, La. Plata.
Mo.; Fred Crawford, La Plata. Mo.: J.
A. Duley, La Plata; P. Frizzel. Mani
tou, Colo.; C. H. Grave?, La Plata; John
Henley, cook, dining-car; F. Kelso. La
P!ata; Mre. Kelso, La Plata: Miss Anna
Mariens, La Plata; Mrs. F. Plemens.
La Plata: Mr. Wills. Macon. Mo.: Wal
do TValker, Macon, Mo.; J. T. Tate. La
Plata. . • . '
MOBEKLT, Mo.. Sept. 6.— The south
bound %Vabash passenger train, which
left Dcs Moines for St. Louis at 6:40 a.
m.. was wrecked to-day near Pendle
ton. Mo., killing eight, passengers and
injuring more than ' fifty others. The
dead: . • •
J. E. NICHOLS, Macon, Mo. . ¦ (
MRS. HENRY FOLCHT, Hunting
ton, Pa.
MRS. C. H. GRAVES, La Plata, Mo.
EDNA PATTERSON. La Plata. Mo.
MRS. HENDERSON. La Plata. Mo.
MRS. ANNA ORENNEIt. Macon. Mo.
MRS. W. L. FITCH, Huntington. Va.
MISS HEBLER. daughter of A. F.
Hebler, Macon, Mo.
The State- Mineralogist declined yes
terday to say anything about the'trou
bles at St. Louis. He admitted that all
had not been smooth sailing. He said
that the California mineral show; had
attracted the attention of ' hundreds of
thousands and. being- more varied "than
any other at the exposition, ; had well
maintained the reputation of California
for mineral wealth. . • ,.-..:
After a time the California, commis
sioners and the' State Mineralogist will
be compelled to report to the State
Legislature. The' initiated believe that
both reports will, contain much more
than . the regulation quantity of spice
and that matters at ¦ St. Lou is . and, else
where will be handled without gloves. :
.* Remarks that were decidedly. • gin
gery have been reported as ma'de by
the California commissioners. The
State Mineralogist is 'also reported 'to
have expressed his mind very-. freely
about the commissioners. Some echoes
of .the conflict, of authority have been
heard in the mining counties of this
State. Certain • newspapers . have pubr
lishe'd stories that added fuel: to . the
flames. Aubury's friends at this end
of the line have hinted that. such pubr
lications ,were inspired by his enemies.
Lewis , E. . Aubury, State Mineralogist
of California, is back from St. Louis.
He. has left the California, mineral ex
hibit at the exposition in charge of
George Madeira and will not return to
St.'. Louis until December, when it will
be necessary to pack specimens -to be
returned' to the State Mining Bureau in
this city and to be forwarded . to the
Lewis and Clarke Exposition at" Port
land. ¦ .
The law providing for the appoint
ment pt commissioners from California
to St. Louis also mad« the. State Min
eralogist the head of the mineral show
at the fair, but It put him under the
direction of the California commission
ers! Out of this situation has grown
a great amount of friction at St. Louis.
Indeed, it began before the. exhibits" in
any of 'the -departments were shipped
from California to the East.. ..„
PRISONER PROMISES:.:- •
. TO DIG UP $15,000
Diner Crashes on Top of the
Car in (iiilch and Fifty
Travelers Are Badly Hurt
ACCIDENT IX 3IISS0UKI
Legislature May Get Written
Account of /rroiiblerFfom
Mineralogist and ' Others
Los Angeles Officers Are
on Their Way to Verify.
Admissions and Theories
Arising From Confession
STORY -X00KS CEEDIBLE
. To* lease * to ' the", highest . responsible ' bidder,
for the benefit of' the common -school fund. 'for
a term' of not" exceeding fifty. year*," any.. real
property of the School Department not required
lor school '.purposes; I but no lease shall be made
except £ after : * advertisement for- bids for', at
least fifteen days In: the official newspaper and
by* an afflrmativV vote of at least 'three mem-
The amendment reads
The amendment reads: .
"The City Attorney may appoint an arsistant.
to be: known as "Special- Tax .Attorney," at
an annual salary • of fTOCO' per annum. "^hp
shall prosecute, or defend all' actions' at law
or in -equity existing -in- favor of. or against
the city and county..- In- addition , tbe Cliy
Attorney may alto appoint ;a "flrtt asMatant"
at'ii elmllar. salary, one at $*C00. one at $2400
and \wo .at S1SC0 pe r 'annuhi. ,-He may also
appoint a-chief clerk at ?1 SCO' per annum, an
assistant . at $900 "two stenographers at, $900
each ' and' a raeBseriger ¦ at "f 80Ol v .'A 'police of
ficer : shall' be permanently . detailed - to do the
detective- work of ¦'¦ the department. • ,
. Amendment No. lO^Th'e. charter now
reads: that' th'e of "Educatlqn
shall have power. to. lease to the highest
bidder - for- . the - benefit: of - the - common
school fund -i for 'a term: not; to exceed
twenty years any real ..property of : the
School Department not/ required "^ for
school 'purposes;-' no , lease i.tb ¦ be ,.made
except after advertising and then with
the affirmative i vote • of the board,"ap
proved .by ' an ordinance ¦ of the{Super
.visorsJ ¦.;••. ' ':•..'« -.- ; : ¦,;.¦."• ¦:.•,'¦¦/ 1
Amendment- No. 8 repeals^ section 20
of chapter 3, ' article *VI, and adds a
new chapter to said article in sixteen
sections regulating the grades of public
.streets and empowering, the' Super
visors on recommendation of the Board
of "Public Works to act In matters re
ferring to niodification of grades; curb
ings, „ sldewalklng. etc. This,, amend
ment deals technically with street mat
ters, .irrd supplants. the T very brief law
that is now v incorporated in the charter
governing, such municipal- affairs. ¦•.{_.'
Amendment: No. • 9 repeals section 3,
chapter 5, article IV. providing, for the
appointment by the Tax Collector of an
attorney for the colection of delinquent
'taxes: and amends section 5,'chapter'U.
article V, which now rules that the City
Attorney ; may appoint four assistants,
the flrfct of whom shall. receive an an
.nual salary^ of -53600, the second ' $3039,
the third $2400 and. the fourth' $1800.
One stenographer is provided for In the
old law.' - • " '¦" .
Amendment No. 6 repeals section 4,
chapter 11, article IX, which reads:
"The Fi^e Commissioners shaft" see that
all contracts ' awarded and the -work
done for the dtpartm-int are faithfully
performed and shall." upon the award
ing^ of any such conuact." exact' an
adequate bond for the prompt 'and
faithful performance of gam-;." . >¦
Amendment No. 7 amends section 3,
chapter 7,, article IX. to insert the
words, "provided* that such monthly
pension shall not be less than' $35."
after the provision for pensioning re
tired firemen. Section 4 of the same
chapter and article is amended to read
that "provided that such pension is
not less than.' $35" in the final . para
graph 'of the 'order." dealing with
pensions for disabled firemen. .'
In case of fallure-on the'part of the con
tractor to complete his contract within • the
time fixed in the contract. o r within such
extension of raid time as ig herein provided,
his contract shall be. void- and the.Supervijors
shall not pay or allow to him any compensa
tion for any work done by him under said
contract, unices in the ordinance authorizing
or order! njr-«a Id work provision is made.there
in for progressive' payments for the same:. and,
in the case of ttrt improvement of .streets, no
assessment shall be made for the work done
under said contract. • . '
The' law as amended will read
¦• Amendment No. 2 adds a new section
to article XII,- to be numbered' section
15.' This section requires that separate
accounts be kept for current operating
expenses, maintenance of plant and re
pair and replacement of wornout' ma
chinery, repayment of interest and
bond redemption.. The section. is merely
technical and provides a law for the
governing, of public utilities. •
Amendment No. 3 amends subdivision
26, section 1, chapter 11, article II. gov
erning- the' construction of tunnels.- As
amended the,; law will in effect give
the Supervisors. power to regulate the
construction . of" tunnels and . subways,
or to prohibit them. No rock crushing
machinery shall be" permitted to exist
under this law within the bounds of
the center line of Van Ness avenue to
San Francisco, to .Bay, • to Broderick,
to Haight, to Scott, to Duboce avenue,
to Castro, to Seventeenth, to Douglass,
to Romaip, to Corbett avenue, to Lin
coln; to Thirtieth, to Fowler, thenceby
devious routes to a point near the
Potrero,. ending at the bay. '
'Amendment 'Nor "4 — Owners" may do
grading on the front of their lots at
their own expense, with the consent
tJf_tlie. Board of. Public. Works. ,as,the
charter now reads, "after obtaining
permission , of 'the Board, of Public
Works so to do, but before said board
has passed its resolution j of intention
to recommend J grading inclusive . of
this." The proposed amendment
changes the law to read: "After ob
taining permission , of , the Board ¦ of
Public Works so to do, which permis
sion shall not ,*£e . granted without the
approval of v the 'Board 'Of Supervisors;
but before said 'board has passed, its
resolution of 'Intention • to ! recommend
grading. inclusive of this." '• ¦•' *
Amendment. No. 5— Section 21. chap
ter 1, article -VI, now. reads:.. "In. case
of failure on the part of the contractor
to 'complete his contract within the
time fixed for the contract . •. ; *¦. "his
contract shall be void and the Super
visors shall not pay or allow to him
any compensation for any work. done
by him under said contract;, and. 'in
case of the improvement of the streets.
no assessment - shall be made for the
work done under. said contract."
Amendment No. 1— Section 2, chapter
1. article Hi; is chan<?eu to read: "On
or befoe.the last Monday of each year
the Supervisors shall levy th_- amount
of taxes' for city and county purposes
required. 1 dhe amount shall be-suffi
cient to. provide during the year for all
demands ur>on the" treasury.
The old law reads: 'On or before the
first Monday of May of each year, the
Auditor, shall transmit to the Super
visors an. estimate of the probable;ex
penditures of the city and county'gov
ernment during the next ensuing fiscal
year, stating the amount required,
showing., specifically the amount neces?
sary . to be apportioned to each fund
in the; treasury; also an .estimate ot
the amount of income from fines, li
censes; etc." 1 . ¦"• - : • / ".v T ."H'
The approach of the time for ac
cepting, or rejecting the twenty-one
charter amendments submitted by the
Board 1 of Supervisors to be • acted on
by the voters on November 8 calls at
tention to the important questions in
volved and* the effect which the pass
age or. defeat of the amendments may
have on the government of San Franr
Cisco.- The : summary given below of
the several propositions will . - found
of interest' and' value to voter*
Particular interest is taken among
the city's employes in two of the pt;o
posed amendments; j one relating to
the lire' companies, setting forth the
number of men employed, in, each fir,e
company and regulating pensions; the
other relative to the power of the
Board of 'Supervisors in governing the
work • of quarryraen , within .a pre T
scribed district. This, if accepted,
would put-a stop to the quarrying; of
rock on Telegraph Hill or any section
of tha- city bounded as described In
theamendment. • ¦ ¦
' This is an increase .of two hosemen
In the fire engine company, two truck
men in the hook and ladder company,
and lets out the captain of the chemi
cal engine companies, throwing the
work upon a lieutenant.
. Amendment No. 14 changes chapter
VIII, article IX, to raise the salaries of
the superintendent, of engines of the
Fire Department fronv$lS00 per year
to $2100; clerk of the .corporation
yard, from $1500 to $1800; captains,
from $1440 to $1800; lieutenants, from
$1200 to $1500; engineers from $1350
to ' $1470; assistants' salary fixed
at $1350; truckmen, ' tillermen
and hosemen, after five years* service,
$1320 instead of $1200, .as now; hy
drant men.from $1080 to $1200; host
lers; from $720; to $900 and engineers
of flreboats, from $1400 to $1500.
Amendment No.. 15 amends section
2. chapter 6, article V, • so that
twenty guards be provided for
Branch Jail No. 1, instead of sixteen,
as heretofore. The salary of these
guards has been raised from $600 per
year to $900 per year. The six guards
of Branch Jail No. 3 will have their
salaries raised from $600 .per year to
$900. There will be two drivers of
vans at $900 per year, instead of one,
as now. provided for in the Charter.
-Amendment No. 16:, That section 4,
chapter 1, article .XI, be amended to
read that the Board of Election Com
missioners may appoint fifteen* Deputy
Registrars at an annual salary of $1500
and niay employ. such other clerical as
sistance as ' may be deemed necessary
at salaries not " to exceed $100 per
month. : The charter now reads in the
section- amended: "The Board may ap
point such other clerical assistants as
Each flreboat company shall be composed of
not mare than one captain, one lieutenant,
one engineer, one assistant engineer, two fire
men, one pilot and twelve hosemen.
Each water tower company shall b« com
posed of not more than one captain, one driver
and one hoseman. Y ' " - '¦
Each hook and ladder company shall be corn- '
posed of not more than one captain, one lieu- ;
tenant, one driver, one tillerman and ten
truckmen. .'. ' . . .' ' . ." '. .- ¦.
; Each chemical engine company Bhall be com^
posed of not more than one captain, one lieu
tenant, one' driver and one hoseman. .• :
Amendment No.: 11 chan'ses subdi- ;
vision- 3, section 1, chapter II, article.
II. wriich authorizes the Board of Su- !
pervisors "to. permit -the -laying down [
of 'railroads.'*. The amendment em-i
powers the board "to permit the laying !
down of sours or 'sidetracks and run- !
ningr cars thereon ¦• ¦ ¦* * for the "
purpose of connecting warehouses and j
other business industries with the Belt '
Line on the Water front or other lines 1
of rai'reads. which may enter the city ,
and county of San Francisco." j
Amendment No. 12 reueals subdivi- j
sion 9, section 9. chapter I, article VI. •
which reads.' In brief, that the Board of
PubJIc "Works shall do the work of ex- |
cavating:- streets, tearing: up pavings |
and •estimating: costs for same.
Amendment No. 13: That chapter j
IV, article IX, be amended to read: •• j
Section 1 — Ea^h ! steam flre engine company
shall be composed of not mere than, one cap
tain, one lieutenant, one engineer, one,as9ist-;
ant engineer, one driver *and seven hoseinen. ;
bers of the board and approved by an ordl- |
nance of the Beard .of . Supervisors; ami pro
vided,. further, that no such lease for a longer
term than twenty years shall be valid unless
such lease shall provide that buildings and im
provenunts, to cost not less than the appraisal
value of the real property leased, shall be
erected thereon by the Itssee and mat nt the
expiration of the term of said lease all build- :
ings and improvements erected. thall revert to
and bocome. the property of tho School Depart- |
ment of the city and . county;. . j
Day Coach of. Southbound
Wabasli Passenger Train
Dashes Over Embankment
Anbury Comes From Stl
Louis, but Will Not Discuss
Tale of Official .Wrangles
Twenty-One Proposed- Changes iin City's Organic- Law
Cover a Wide Range of Subjects and. Affect Voters
and Municipal Employes— Provisions Are Outlined
MAN TELLS
OF CRIME
LONG PAST
EIGHT KILLED
IN RAIL WRECK
WILL NOT TALK
OF HOT TIMES
CHARTER AMENDMENTS DEAL
WITH MANY VITAL TOPICS
1 m^^imms^m^nffMs^^M^^^ims^immi^^m^m
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, . WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7; 1904.
¦ Get your Knlehts , Templar cards from Ed
ward Kr.oxi-!ca - Ccmpahy,' 24"SJcbnd. «t." '*"-•".
14
gPECIALS
-FIR—
To=Day Only
BIG SALE OF
WAISTS
No Limit to Ycti: Selection5.
You Hive Free Run of the Stock.
At In this lot ycu'll find b"iiutifut
95C Yfii* Wm l^ 350
.. Pictured Waist is ona.ot this lot.
At In this choice lot you'll find
n 1 "1r exquisite sty.'es h Per-
\ /n sian Lawn and White Fan-
y!" w nsl miits «afr-^-ri
sold as high «v ..... . .-. $5.00
Gcoj, Substantial Runabout
SKIRTS
;n Light, Medium anj Heaij Weights
At in this lot you'll find ks'.ep
fS i A P Length Skirts in the advance
VI M h fail . effects: 1— — '—— ,
01' ? I J These; Skirts] §3.25
are wor h up to .......... .'.
¦ At , Hera 's a splendid. , lot of
A a. f| C All-woo! Runabout Skirts in
;\ < Mh all ths newest r .
fallmateria:*. $5.50
They ra wcrth . up to . r 1^ - - ¦
At. [There . an • some ¦". sw'eil.
C% M (\r styles in this lot, worth
Jktt, Jj Jl upjo $7.50. .These Skirts,
w ¦ V w ' are richly trimmed.
MAMS $00
.>.,.'* The Home of Honest Values, , ;
Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ' : ¦ ¦ "w -ii
THERE IS NO STORE
. . .LIKE THIS FOR. . .
Stylish Furs.
We are not the only people who
think so — the way this business
keeps growing is convincing proof
that the women of this "city are of
the same mind.
Our prices are lowest, too.
There isn't the shadow of a
doubt about it.
A thorough knowledge of what
other firms say and do only tends
to throw into stronger relief the
superior excellence of our values.
It can be laid down as an unfail-
ing rule that whenever competition
goes below our prices* it also goes
considerably below our qualities.
Don't forget our number.
THE UGST BTTZTHnrO
•' DOMESTIC"
.Thia Leader in all modern improve-
ments:
"Xot-how cheap, bat how good." is
the motto of the
- DOMESTIC S. K. CO- I
J. W. EVANS. Asent.
XOS1 aiABICET 3T^ JXtx: aiz*^.
THE MAOYAISIUSICII.
X S33HarUt St., Opp. Masoa.
SHEET STPSIC At EAL7 PEZCE.
lASTHMANOLAl
I»-te« es&.cnrofop ZTcrvcms an*
BroncMal ASTHMA.
, Tour DrutrzUt or at 5US HAIGHT ST..
i>an Francisco.. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____ __:
_r C^ ~^K^^^^ P-^T^ Pw eM 83 E3 i*3
M m i-w 1 if M 1 UmA iS 121 B H 5H
"a fil k. _f * lA I I B IiS'LEI SI 9
¦Z . C ¦ a a HUH
1 -' I I r^ I 111 *w ¦¦ w "
The Economy Salesroom
Dozens of articles, all high grade, from one-quarter to; -
one-half less than regular value. Bedroom Suits, Metal Beds,
Brass Beds, Dining-room Furniture, Odd Chairs. Look .
through this department You may find just what you need.
CThc largest and best display, of.
<T1 f^ t 1t%/\mC^ Carpets on the Pacific Coast. All
/» i I 1 1 B ti<C famolis makes represented.
U| |/V irkD AT OUR ALWAYS LOWEST
K PRICES.
-¦¦¦.--—•- --- — - -- Apvi^KTlSl^HEyTS. '
Dress Goods Department
Our stock of Dress Materials for Fall and Winter is ncr.v com-
plete and comprises all the new weaves of v/ocl and silk and wool
fabrics for fancy dresses and the mixed tweeds and tailor suitings
for serviceable and street weer. r
The attention of our customers is called to the following extra
values which we are showing this week:
42-INCH WIDE "CREPE DIANA."
A beautiful creation of the weaver's art. in silk and wool;
high luster and soft clinging effect; 18 differ- (T»< AA j
. ent shades at the special price of ah I III) -Vfl*
• •. •• . • J'
44-Inch wide "crepe crystale." .'
A novelty in silk and wool crepe, showing. a (T»| rn j
small cluster dot figure of fancy weave, in all the \\ Sll VQ
prevailing colors of this season .'.*... ...... .. Vi»t/v j **»
45-INCH WIDE "CREPE SAMITE." '"
This popular silk and wool material in a new rt»< -* - j
crepe weave, extra high luster, will not crush or \| |S V/|
•wrinkle, all the new color tones V*« ¦.«; J«»
46-INCH WIDE "CHIFFON EOLIENNE."
A new imported French fabric, soft and* cling- A/i aa *
ing texture, high finish and pastelle colorings.. \£ 13 IS Vfl,
New Waterproof Suitings
48-inch wide COVERT SUITINGS, in new checked /]»>% n a <
and mixed effects, for rainy-day and tailor suit3 # y(j VQ #
52-inch wide RAIN PROOF SUITINGS. Mixed A{ rA i
colorings, smooth finish, special value iflKuU Vfl
48-inch wide "RAINIER SUITINGS, chevron weave, /t»-j *r J
mannish effects, in dark colorings, desirable :k I /"\ Vfl
styles for every-day wear, extra value , *y****«' J *•
SPECIAL
46-|nch wide CRASH SUITINGS, in mixed shades of r\r 1
gray, blue, brown and green. OdC Vu
In our BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT we are showing all
of the new weaves in wool and silk and wool textures at popular
prices. Our stock is well assorted as to qualities and styles in ele-
gant Broadcloths, Cheviots, Etamines, . Voiles, Crepes, Canvas
weaves, Eoliennes, Samites and staple weaves.
NOTE— Store will be closed Friday, September 9, 1904.
111 to 121 POST STREET.